PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 60.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, 30, : l 1901.
Vote Is' Talfen at Midnight After a Long Discussion and the Announcement bf^the Result Is Greeted With Cheers by the Delegates
From the . Unions— The News Is Quickly Conveyed to the Various Labor Headquarters Throughout the City and Creates Un
bounded Enthusiasm— Efforts of Mayor Phelan and the Conciliatory Cpmrnittee to Effect a Settlement of Differences Are Futile
BY A UNANIMOUS VOTE THE CITY FRONT FEDERATION ORDERS A GENERAL STRIKE,
CALLING OUT FULLY FIFTEEN THOUSAND MEN, WHICH WILL BRING EXISTING LABOR
TROUBLES TO A CRISIS AND PRACTICALLY CLOSE THE PORT UNTIL THE END COMES
RESOLVED^ That the fiill membership of the City Front Federation refuses to work
on the docks of San Francisco, Oakland, Port Costa and Mission Rock arid in the
city of San Francisco; but that the steamships Bonita and Walla Walla, with
mail and passengers, are allowed to go to %^.— Resolution adopied by ike City Front
last night. \
TWO MEN.PROMINENT IN THE PRESENT LABOR STRUGGLES; ALSO
| SCENES SHOWING, TROUBLES 'OF THE POLICE AND A GROUP OF
• V MEN . ON THE WATER FRONT DISCUSSING .THE SITUATION.
against their free will and voll-
"""After "more than an. hotir's conference
It was. agreed -that Mayor Phelan should
"go. before i representatives of the Employ
ers" Association at Attorney Michael's of
fice and give them whatever Information
he had gained as to the present attitude
of the teamsters and other union men af
fected. It was agreed further that those
present at the conference should meet
again at Mayor Phelan'a private office in
the Phelan building at 6 o'clock to learn
the results of the Mayor's conference with
the employers.
Furuseth, Casey and McLaughlln left
the meeting very much discouraged and
evidently convinced that no hope remain
ed of concessions on the part of the em
ployers.
"It is not the unions," Furuseth said
afterward, "that are bringing this upon
the city. The employers ignore us entire
ly. They say to the Individual workman,
•You* 1 may come back to work under the
old conditions.' But as for the unions,
they will not recognize our committees or
delegates or agents. They are willing to
give the individual employment, but they
are determined to crush the unions. They
had no representatives at this afternoon's
meeting in the Mayor's office, and of
course there could . be no results."
Mayor Phelan having conferred with
the members of the Employers* Associa
tion again met the committee of the Mun
icipal League in- his office in the Phelan
building at 6 o'clock, when he submitted
the following report:
' I had a conference with the board of
directors of the Employers' Associa
tion, at which they delivered to me the
letter of their attorney, dated July 29,
as follows: ;'>¦-'
"SAN FRANCISCO, July 29, 1901.
"Hon. James D. Phelan, New City
Hail, San Francisco— Dear Sir: The
proposition for a settlement of the
present trouble between the Dray
men's Association and the Brother
hood of Teamsters submitted by you
to the Employers' Association for their
good offices In* this regard has received
the careful consideration demanded by
the nature of the trouble and the im
portance of the Interests at stake.
"I am instructed by the ex
ecutive committee of the Em
ployers' Association to advise
yon that the proposition than
submitted appears to the a»no
ciatlon not to present a satisfac
tory solution of the present dif
ficulties; furthermore, that the
association is of the opinion that
an agreement in the shape pro
poned could not be adequately
maintained or enforced.
"In response to your request for a
suggestion from the association as to
1 what may serve to overcome the pres
ent difficulties, already so serious to
the employer and threatening disas
ter to the community, I am Instructed
to say that the policy and determina
tion of this association is to 'live and
let live.' Its declaration of principles
contains among other things the fol
lowing:
"We recojrnlxe . the right of
labor to organise to ameliorate
its conditions, and ire, as em
ployers, ' will not trespass upon
that right by ref using employ
ment to any one solely because
- he does or does not belong to
any labor organization) and vre
also denounce any coercion on
the part of any employer where
by employes . are compelled
pressat. Discussion lasted until 3:30
o'clock, but to little purpose, as no one
had authority to speak for the employ
ers.
The- labor leaders present explained that
the teamsters demanded that they be al
lowed to go back to work under the con
ditions that existed before the lockout.
In the- way of concession they,would agree
that In future no sympathetic strikes
should be declared until the questions at
issue should first be submitted to a con
ciliation board of three. They would not
consent to- surrender the right to declare
sympathetic strikes whenever such arbi
tration should faiU . -
THE Industrial Conciliation
Committee of the Municipal
League made strenuous efforts
yesterday to avert the threat
ened strike, but without avail.
Two meetings were held in ths
course of the day. One in the after
noon at the Mayor's office in the City
Hall and another at 6 o'clock iu
Mayor Phelan's private office in the
Pitslan building.
Labor leaders were present at both
meetings, but the Employers' Asso
ciation was not represented. At the
second meeting a statement from the
Employers' Association's attorney
embodied in a report by Mayor Plie
lan was read and approved by the
committee as the best it had to offer
to the dissatisfied workingmen. No
concessions to the strikers and other
union men interested were contained
in it and at the meetings of the City
Front Federation and unions at
night the report did not receive seri
cus consideration. •
The committee met at Mayor Phelan's
office at 2 o'clock. Michael- Casey;
president, and Secretary McLaughlln of
the Teamsters' Union, and Andrew Furu
seth, secretary of the Sailors' Union, were
,. About the only lines .that can come and
go j without serious' j interference at least
will.' be "the. Pacific. Mail; Occidental -and
Oriental,'. Kosnios, \ Pacific Steam Naviga
tion, 1 . Compania' Sud Americana de Va pores
and the California- and; Oriental, y The
Kosmos • liners are ! manned by Germans;
who ' ship in Hamburg for the round trip;
the, Paciflcl Steam s Navigation ¦_- and- the
Compania Sud" Americana; de Vapores*
.vessels are .manned; by, Chileans," who ship
The ; longshoremen ; have been receiving
THE directors of the Steamship
Managers' Association ¦ met at 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon at the
offices of the ; Panama Railroad
and Steamship Company to con
sider steps to protect the members of the
association to the event of their important
interests being placed in jeopardy by a
strike .of longshoremen, firemen and other
employes that recognize the authority . of
the City Front Federation. A meeting of
members of -the association will be held
,at 3 o'clock this afternoon and a definite
policy will doubtless be adopted. •
There were present at the meeting yes
terday the following: R. P. Schwerin,
president; F. F. Connor, secretary; John
D. Spreckels, Captain Goodall and E. R.
Dlmond.
Various matters pertaining to the labor
situation were discussed, and the effects
and best methods of meeting a strike of
their, employes were considered. The en
tire matter, however, was left open pend
ing the meeting of the City Front Federa
tion and its action.
The directors were a unit In determina
tion that if a strike were ordered the
steamship managers should go into the
contest to fight to the finish. The con
sensus . of opinion was that ocean-going
vessels could be moved in spite of a strike
of the unions affiliated with the City
Front Federation, and that owners would
make every exertion to send their ves
\ sels out on scheduled sailing dates.
"The members of the Steamship Man
agers' Association," F. F. Connor. Its
secretary, said after the meeting, "are
riot members of the Employers' Associa
tion. . They are innocent of any connec
tion with the teamsters' strike and their
employes have, no grievances that are
causing them to strike. In view of this
1£ their longshoremen, firemen and other
employes go-out in a sympathetic stride
.to 'aid' the teamsters andi porters and
packers, the' managers as a unit will re
gard It as a breach of good faith, and in
.-the end the striking laborers will have
.to '', make; good/ dollar for dollar, out of
their ".wages all of the. loss they inflict
upon L> their . employers. If the .'.< fight Is
forced upon us it will be a fight to the
finish."' ': ¦ . . . ' • • ;; ;.-; ,
THE City Front Federation at
its meeting last night ordered
a general strike on the docks
of San Francisco, Oakland,
Mission Bock and Port Costa
and in the city of San Francisco, to
gt> into effect this morning'. The
ection of the Federation was prompt
ly ratified amid great enthusiasm by
those unions most directly interested,
and sailors, longshoremen, firemen,
porters and packers, ship clerks and
ether men whose unions are affiliated
"with the organization which took the
initiative Vill not report for work
this morning.
The tie-up will be complete if the
plans of the labor unions are success
ful. They hope to stop the loading
end even to prevent the moving of
chips that are now almost ready for
departure. Unless the proprietors
and managers are able to secure suf
ficient non-union help to load and
man their vessels, the strike will
practically mean the closing of the
port and the suspension of business
in the wholesale and manufacturing
section of San Francisco and Oak
land.
The ferryboats are not affected by
the strike. Union men employed on
them will not be called out, and local
travel and freight transfer 'will not
be disturbed.
The membership of the unions af
fected exceeds 16,000 men. N"ot
that many are employed at all times
but the total number that will b?
cut of employment as the result of
the action of the City Front Federa
tion will not be far from 15,000.
The decision reached by the Federation
was not arrived at until nearly midnight
and then only after long discussion over
a plan of conciliation presented tothrrn.
The final result, however, was at no time
In doubt, for the employers had made no
advances and offered no concessions wor
thy of the name so far as the point of
view of the workingmen was concerned,
and the discussion was not so much on
the central fact of calling out the men on
the docks as on the Cetalls of the pro
posed strike. The proposition to include
Sacramento and Benida was rejected
upon the ground that the war was against
San Francisco employers alone. The
adoption of the resolution declaring the
Btrike was received with enthusiastic
cheers by the delegates' present. The vote
was unanimous, not a delegate from any
union uttering: a protest. Immediately
upon the decision being reached the meet
ing broke up and delegates hurried to
their own unions, where large gatherings
waited Impatiently the news of the. action
of the central body. In each of these— the
Bailors' Union, the four Longshoremen's
"Locals" and teamsters in particular —
the announcement of the action of the
Federation was a signal for prolonged
cheering. In all of them ratification of
the action was a foregone conclusion, and
was practically unanimous everywhere.
The following statement of its side of
the case was given to the press by the
City Front Federation:
The City Front Federation was or
ganized for the purpose of bringing
about closer affiliation among the
different organizations connected with
the shipping of this port with the view
of reaching better and more amicable
relations between the employers . and
employes directly interested In the ma
rine transportation of San Francisco.
This policy of the federation has been
strictly adhered to, and it has been in
strumental in preserving peace, where
a less conservative -course would un
doubtedly have precipitated strikes
and disputes detrimental to San Fran
cisco. -;.., '.-'.'
Unvlner closely watched, the
trend of affairs throughout the
country and belnjr cotrnizant of
the policy of the employer*,
ITrhlch la to disrupt labor organ
isations on the srround that they
are interfering" with and die
itatlnsr to them bovr they should
run their business, the Federa
tion claims the right for Its
members to orsranise for their
mutual benefit and Improvement,
a rifrht which the laws of our
ronutrj- sire to us; Tre further
claim the riffht to say how much
our labor Is worth and the condl-.
tlons under which Tre will
The Employers' Association, com
posed of the principal Importing and
Jobbing concerns of this city, to whose
Interests it would be to destroy the
manufacturing industries of this State
and city, has stated that it would dis
rupt the labor organizations of this
city. They have tried with more or
lets success to destroy some of the
smaller organizations, and as their
minor successes give them confidence
they reached out further with the idea
that ultimately their plan would be
successful. The lockout of the team
sters and the circumstances which j
' brought it about have been through
ly explained in the dally press. The
federation knows that the draymen
are a very important factor in the
handling of freight for transportation,
more so here than in any other city .
in the United States, inasmuch as •
: Continued ion Seventh Page. —. .
there are very few docks in this city
with railroad facilities. '..''..
In^view. of. the fact that the team
sters were locked out the Federation
found if absolutely "necessary to take
action True to its policy it instructed
its executivp'committee to use'its best
endeavors to amicably adjust the dif
ficulty between the teamsters and
their employers. The Draymen's As
sociation has stated that the difficulty
between them and the teamsters has
been taken out of their hands and any
settlement 'must ' come through the
Employers' 'Association, whose mem
bers are unknown. .. *
In this emergency the committee
waited upon the president of the
Steamship Managers' Association," the
president of the Chamber of Com
merce, the Mayor of this city, the
principal shipowners and others and
urged upon them to use their in
fluence to have the difficulty ad
justed. It has exhausted all its means
to reach a peaceful settlement of the
difficulty and was not successful be
cause the Employers' Association re
fused to meet and discuss the trouble
which they wcrednstrumental in pre
cipitating. ,'
The committee then laid be
fore the Mayor, in the presence
of the president of the Chamber
of Commerce and a number of
others, the following: proposition
In the Interest of peace: "We
desire the employers to concede
the right* of employes to organ
ize, and the employers agrree not
to discriminate agrainst. an ¦ em
ploye, or a man because he is a
member of an organization; the
employers to establish the status
quo ante, and the employes on
their part will agree not to en
gage in a sympathetic strike un
til a conciliation committee com- '
posed of members of both, sides
to the controversy failed to set
tle the differences.
••'The employers agrree- not to
order a lockout under the same
conditions; that a reasonable
time Trill be ciren' the commit
tee of conciliation to adjust- diC-
Continued on Seventh. Page.
Continued on Seventh.' Page.
•fidence. , Many of the managers,. however,
assert their confidence in their ability .to
get non-union' men and union j men whose
hearts are not ¦ in the strike in sufficient
number to. load and man •. their, vessels and
get them to, sea ..on scheduled sailing
dates. -• The ', leaders jjj of the. striking^em:
ployes say' -that j these .assertions' are \ only
bluff, '.and ( that. they 'believe the policy ? of
the managers will be '¦- tc tie up > the ships
and'eiose the j gates of the wharf, tempor
arily at ;;least. :> In '¦ fact, : they- sayv'that. no
other, course ", will be • open ¦ to them. ~ - • • .
ferencea, and that no attempt be
made to strike, lockout or other- '
Trine Interfere -with the status «o
established until a settlement be j
made. -
After having waited f«»ur days for a
definite reply to our request for a con
ference, the Employers' Association '
.steadily refuses to do anything to ad- j
Just the difficulty; they, refuse to meet
us; they refuse to continue to employ
the, men now in their employment ex
cept upon the condition that they are
to^ult their union and cut themselves/
loose from all affiliation with their,
fellow-workmen.
The federation has exhausted all
honorable means to have the difficulty
adjusted, but have failed in its efforts,
and finds that there' is nothing left but
to appeal to its membership: to be true
to the cause for which organized 'labor
stands. Much as it is to be, deplored,
wo are satisfied that we have done
' everything we could to avert this cri-.v
sis, but arrogant and designing capital ¦..¦
willed it otherwise. Those individuals •
In society who would use their Indus-. ';.
trial power to rob us of our. right of
organization granted to us ' by society j
as a whole must bear the responsibll- ' ¦
ity for whatever may now take place. ?
( JOHN KEAN. Acting President. -\ :'
The leaders Jn the strike movement are
confident that the managers of vessels will
not be able to move- them and that* "the
tie-up will be most complete. i.Thelr, hope
of ultimate success is based upon this coni
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.FRANCISCO CRISPI. FORMER
PREMIER AND GRAND OLD
MAN OF ITALY.
'fThe Missouri Pacific Limited."
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Sail
Lake City. For full .information ask I*
M. Fletcher," 126 Calif ornia street. : \."»'.» .;
Best Boutes to the Yosemite Valley
' -*r Are via the Southern Pacific.
• Choice of three: old-established stage
routes, with: largest* and best : equipment.
Big tree groves ' en route. * Rates " low i as
any, ¦ with or: without hotel * or camp ac
commodations en route andjn-valley. Full
information • and literature'; 613 .Market
street and Mechanics' Pavilion. ,
Noisy Close of the De
bate on the Tax
ation Bill.
LONDON, July 30.— There was wild up
roar in the House of Commons between
1 and 2 o'clock this morning at the close
of the debate on taxation of agricultural
property. The Conservatives interrupted
Mr. Walton, Liberal, with cries of
"divide."
William Redmond, "oh a point of order.,
called the attention of .the Speaker, to
the interruption, but the Speaker ruled
that tho point was not well taken;- .
Walton resumed, quite lnaudlbly, owing
to the persistent cries of "divide."
Redmond shouted, "Police,, police." ._
.The Speaker said this expression was
disorderly. . ¦.',
. •• Redmond shouted: "Why don't you
keep order?" . - / '
The Speaker directed him to, leave the
House and "named" him. Mr. Balfour,
the- Government : leader, moved.- Red
mond's suspension, and this was carried
by a vote of 303 to 71.
Patrick -O'Brien persisted In the same
point of order and was in turn "named"
and suspended..*. The Mil was adopted. ;
GREAT UPROAR
IN THE COMMONS
"Wounded. .
LONDON, July 30. — "The Russian' Gov
ernment has been advised," says . a dis
patch to the Dally Mall from St. Peters
burg, "that 2000 Thibetans on July 16 at
tacked Major Kosloff's expedition of
twenty men. half of whom were . shot
down and the others severely , wounded.
The Government will demand satisfac
tion." ¦ . : '.\ ¦-; -.* ¦
¦ . •
End the Feud at a Grave.
SAN JOSE, July. 29.— Frank Morona,
who was murdered near Guadalupe last
Friday evening, was buried. at Guadalupe
yesterday, and beside his grave Maximo
Villela and Lorenzo Herrera, leaders of
factions of a long-standing feud, shook
hands and swore friendship. To-day com
plaints made by Villela against Herrera,
accusing him of assault to murder, -**ere
dismissed at Villela' s request.
¦ • ¦
Baptists Lecture at Twin Lakes.
SANTA CRUZ, July .29.— At the Baptist
Assembly at Twin Lakes this morning
the Rev. S. C. Keetch lectured on "Mul
ler, the Man of Faith." • This evening the
Rev. E. - H. Hayden • gave an Illustrated
lecture on "Old Spain." •
Ten Members of Major Kosloff's Party
Are Killed and Several
TIBETANS MAKE ATTACK
ON BUSSIAN EXPEDITION
MANILA. Juiy 29.— Major Henry Allen
«f the Forty-third Volunteers, who was
some time since appointed Governor of
the island of L*yte, has been chosen chief
of the insular constabulary and wiH'p'ro
,ceeifl,with the organization of. that force.
• Captain Spellmanjbf the Forty-third has
been sentenced to two years In prison for
encouraging trading at the^closed port*.
General ChafTee has Issued an order
that tbe troops shall wear their coats but*
toned everywhere outside of barracks.
The order dispenses with the use of fian
nel BhlrtR, which .have heretofore been
tbe customary outer garments. Officers
are ordered to wear khaki for all duty and
swords always when actively command-
Ing. White or dress suits* are permitted
to be worn on social occasions.
Upon visiting the - posts unexpectedly
General Chaffee found an astonishing va
riety in the uniforms and a great laxness
regarding the clothing of the troops.
Two native policemen have been killed
in the suburbs of Cebu. Firing upon the
town continues. Provost Davis is con
ducting an Investigation.. '
The detectives employed In Investigating
the Santa Cruz rebbery have found • no
definite clew, nor have they learned the
amount the thieves secured. It appears
that the sergeant of the guard was intox
icated and that one sentry- was detailed
No Longer Will They
Be Tolerated as Outer
Garments.
lege of making the first filings In the
Lawton district, and will undoubtedly
choose the two quarter sections adjoining
that town. These are considered the most
valuable in the Territory and are,it Is
estimated, worth from $20,000 to $40,000
each.
Day of Keen Excitement.
The day has been one of keen excite
ment, replete with interesting scenes. It
is estimated that fully 25,000 persons wit
nessed the drawing. The Immense throng
•was wrought up to the highest pitch. The
drawing of the first few names was fol
lowed by a mighty* shout that reverber
ated between the hills and must have
been heard for miles over the prairies.
Each succeeding winning for a time was
met with shouts of applause and merri
ment. All was pleasantry. Every man,
though he did not draw a prize from the
wheels to-day, had steadfast faith that
to-morrow or next day will surely see him
the possessor of a slip reading him a
title clear to l£0 acres of Oklahoma's land.
So in the success of friends or relatives
unfortunate ones, to-day. Instead of be
wailing, their fate, cheered lustily when
familiar names were called out from the
commissioners* platform." '
The crowds fairly exhausted themselves,
and when the close of the drawings for
the day was announced. at 6 o'clock hun
dreds who had neither eaten nor drunk
during the day sank to the ground where
they stood from sheer fatigue or dragged
themselves to better places of rest, or to
refreshment booths uptown. The day was
remarkably free from. quarrels and gen
eral satisfaction with , the . Government's
TROOPS DISCARD
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hundreds Have "B«peated."
method of the disposition of the land was
expressed.
It has been found that many hundreds
of applicants have "repeated" and that
others have applications which are so
illegible that they will be thrown out.
Over this discord resulted, and the uot
come may be an appeal to the courts.
The drawing had been set for 9 o'clock,
but the transferring of the bundles of
envelopes . holding the applications from
the general receptacle to the wheels,
which was by lot. was so slow that it
was 10:50 o'clock before the first name
was drawn.
Twenty-five names were drawn from the
El Reno district and then an equal num
ber from the Lawton district. When all
was read/. Ben" Heyter placed his hand
in an aperture In the El Reno wheel and,
withdrawing an envelope, handed it to
Colonel Dyer. It was passed to Chief
Clerk Mackey, stamped and handed back
to Colonel Dyer. The commissioner walk
ed to the front of the platform, raised his
hand for order and in a loud tone ex
claimed:
"Stephen A. Holcomb of Pauls Valley,
Indian Territory, draws the first num
ber."
Cheers for the Winners.
The crowd yelled for three minutes, ap
parently as much delighted as if every
man had drawn a prize. . .
Envelope' No. 2 was quick drawn forth
and Colonel Dyer again announced:
"Leonard Lamb of Augusta, O. T., born
in Illinois."
In quick succession other envelopes
to guard the five entrances to the guard
house.
General Martin Delgado, Governor of
the island of Panay, has asked for aid in
consequence of the ravages of locusts and
the rinderpest.
Spanish residents of Manila are urging
the Philippine Commission to tax real
property upon the basis of the Income de
rived, Instead of upon Its value.
The discussion of the Manila charter
continues.
An investigation is pending In the case
of Lieutenant McCarthy of .the Thirty
fifth Regiment because of the loss of $1000
public moneys while being conveyed from
Aparrl to Manila.
JACKSON DEFEATS HANDLER.
Colored Lad From California Makes
, Good Showing at Baltimore.
BALTIMORE, July 29.— "Young"' Peter
Jackson, the California colored lad, won
from "Jimmy" Handler ,of Newark, N.
J., to-night In the ninth : round of the
fiercest slugging match ever held in
Baltimore. The contest, which was to
have gone twenty rounds, was held at
Ford's Opera-house under the auspices
of the Eureka Athletic Club, with the
mercury in the neighborhood of 100. Both
men were in good condition, but Jackson
had the better of.- it in this- respect and
the fact won him the battle. Handler
ptarted the slugging as soon as the men
reached the center of the ring, keeping
it up all through the mill. He seemed to
be able to hit the negro when and where
he pleased and hit him hard at that, but
the Calif ornian took his punishment
gamely and stood up under it hand
somely. ' . : ¦: -
Handler seemed to have the fight in
hand in the sixth round, but the gong
saved Peter and gave him another chance
and he fought warily during the seventh
and eighth rounds. Handler was still
punching hard and often when, just as
the ninth was about to end. Jackson
landed a vicious left swing on the white
boy's Jaw, sending him to the floor aha
setting htm . groggy. After this there
were some wild swings, with Handler
gasping and dazed, until the police 'Or
dered the fighting stopped and the referee
decided In Jackson's^ favor.
CADILLAC AGAIN VICTORIOUS.
Wins Seventh Trial, but the Judges
Order Three More Races. ' ,
CHICAGO, July 29.— The Cadillac won
the seventh trial race to-day, beating the
Illinois by one and five seconds
over a -twenty-one mile course. ¦ At the
conclusion of the race the judges an
nounced that they considered the result
so far obtained Indecisive and ordered
three more races.- This announcement
wa3 disagreeable to the Detroit* con
tingent, who claimed that the Cadillac
had. made the best showing and was en
titled to. the honor of defending the cup.
J. C. ¦ Shaw, owner of the Cadillac, .left
for his home to-day and it is not cer
tain that he will sail any more races. He
has not, however, announced that he will
not do so. '¦'
Canneries Soon to Be Sold.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 29.— R. Onffroy,
promoter of the consolidation of Alaska
and Puget'Sound canneries; known as the
Pacific Packing 1 and Navigation Company,
arrived in the city to-night with the an
nouncement that the sale of the different
plants to the new concern will take placa
at Portland next Thursday. The new
company will then enter into full control
of the canneries. No changes will be made
In the present management of the dif
ferent) canneries affected this year.* E. E.
Ainsworth of Seattle will be manager of
the combine. ¦¦¦-..; _-'¦¦¦¦¦
'- . •. . - • . "
English Challenger Is Defeated.
MONTREAL, July \ 29.— For the i fifth
time the Royal St. 'Lawrence Tacht Club
successfully defenSed the ¦ Seawanhaka
cup, the defender' Senneville to-Gay de
feating the English challenger, Gray
Friar, by four minutes fifty-six seconds.
The English boat • again displayed infe
riority in windward "work and superiority
on reaches, actually beating the Canadian
boat in this respect, by eight seconds.
series of visits to Bismarck, which re
sulted in the entrance of Italy into the
"Dreibund." The country being then
asked to vote large sums for the main
tenance of an increased army and navy,
Crispi became unpopular.': and serious dis
turbances ensued in Rome and Naples,
and several attempts were made on his
life. In 1888 the commercial treaty with
France was broken and not renewed, and
on this question and that of the relations
of the Government to the Papacy. Crispi
went before the country and after a bril
liant campaign his party was returned
with a majority in the Chamber of 236.
the Premier himself being again returned
by four electoral colleges.
Two months later, however, the Crispi
Ministry went down on a question of tax
ation, a new Ministry being formed by
Marquis de Rudlni. In 1892 Crispi gave
up the leadership of the opposition, but
retained his Feat in the Chamber of
Deputies.
On the fall of the Glolottl Ministry
(who had succeeded Rudini) In Novem
ber, .1884, he was again called to the
Premiership. In the same year his gov
ernment by severe measures suppressed
the Socialist Corporation, of Italian work
era. In 1895 questions dealing with Italy's
relations with Brazil, England and
Austria had already aroused great pub
lic feeling, when the disastrous results |
attending the Government's policy In
Africa began to transpire, and when In
1896 Italy sustained her greatest defeat
of modern times at the hands of Menelik s
generals at Adowa and Abba Carlma, the
Cricpl Ministry fell at- once. At this
juncture Signor Crispi entered upon a
phase of public career which would have
finally extinguished politically a less able
statesman. In 1894 grave charges had
been presented against his integrity in
connection with some fraudulent trans
actions with the funds of the Banro
Romano, and in 1897 he was formally
tried by a commission from the Chamber
and declared not guilty. .
After this Slgnor Crispi retired from
active participation in national affairs,
though he wrote several articles on
political subjects which attracted much
attention. ~
STEERS BALLOON
OVER A COURSE
Aeronaut Dumont Makes
Another Successful
Ascension.
PARIS, July 29.— M. Santos-Dumont
made another successful experiment thi3 J
afternoon with a' dirigible balloon, sailing f
from St. Cloud to the Longchamps race- |
course, around which he steered the bal
loon and ascended and descended, occupy-.
Ing twenty minutes of time. Though ask-'
ed to make an attempt to go around the '
Eiffel Tower, the aeronaut declined, say
ing his motor was not yet working as well |
as he wanted. The weather was cloudy, j
which may*«nave influenced his decision.
During the trip M. Santos-Dumont cut
one of his J hands slightly, with a guide
rope. Otherwise there was no incident.
The crowd warmly cheered M. Santos-
Dumont at the start and on his descent
his friends crowded around him and
warmly congratulated him. upon his suc
cess. * . S99fej
The aeronaut started at 4:35 p. m. and
descended at 4:55 p.' m.
The exhibition, .though successful, was
disappointing in that he did not go around
the Eiffel- Tower, though he had an
nounced his Intention of attempting that
feat. ¦
An hour later a, heavy rain squall swept
over the Eiffel Tower and the Bols, which
justified the prudence of M. Santos-Du
mont in declining to make a further as
cension to-day. 1 v
¦ When the- balloon was maneuvering
over the Longchamps racecourse smoke
was seen to be issuing from the motor,
which --M. Santos-Dumont said,, on -de
scending,- was due to a slight defect in the
apparatus. .He was : satisfied . he could
make the trip to the - Eiffel * Tower and
back; but apparently feared he would not
be able to obtain' sufficient speed to fulfill
the conditions of the Deutsche prize.
were drawn and as each name was an
nounced each one was greeted with a vol
ley of cheers. The first ten winners in
the El Reno district, In addition to the
two named, were:
S— Frank Brown, Ponca City, O. T. t born
in Kansas.
4-Calvin Churchill, Chickasha, I. T.
5— Charles D. Williams. Norman. O. T.
6— Ollie M. Rogers, Cordell, O. T.
7— Edward C. Prince, Watonga, O. T*
8— Andrew J. Phillsower, Sheldon, Mo;
9— John L. Brown, Caldwell, Kan. r
10— John S. Helder, Weatherford, O. T.
When twenty-nve names had been
taken from the El Reno wheel, atten
tion was turned to that representing the
Lawton district. The first name brought
out for this district was that of James :R.
Woods of Weatherford, O. T., and the
crowd again went wild. This meant that
Woods would be able to claim the quar
ter section adjoining Lawton, one of the
choicest in the entire country.
"They Must Get Mr.rried."
The second ticket was drawn and
Colonel Dyer cried out: "I have the
pleasure to announce the , name of the
first .woman to draw a prize — Mattie "H.
Beals of AVichita, Kan." . x
Then Colonel Dyer gave her description
as 23 years of age, five feet three inches
in height, just the height of Woods.
Instantly the crowd caught the humor
of the situation and thousands of throats
sent up the shout: "They must getgmar
ried." • ...
The other first names drawn from the
Lawton district follow:
3— Winfield S. Laws, Langston, O. .T.
4— Falcon Woodhouse, Eldon, Iowa.,.
. 5— Marvin Hawkins, Wayland, Texas.
6— William C. Laid, Fort Worth. Texas.
7— Harry T. Foster, agent for Harry E.
Harrison, El Reno, O. T. .
8— Lee A. Stubblefield, Dunbar, O. T.
9— Richard H. Wyatt, Henrietta. Texas.
10— Charles C. Doss, Shawnee, O. T.
Forfeits Land for a Husband.
The eighteenth winner in the Lawton
district was Minerva McCllntock, aged 25
years, of Oklahoma City. She was mar
ried yesterday and by this act forfeits
her right to file for a claim. She might
have chosen a claim near a county seat
town worth several thousand dollars.
The drawing will be resumed to-mor
row morning and continued until . all of
the 13,000 claims have been. awarded. It
U believed that this will have been ac
complished by Thursday evening.
WICHITA. Kan.,- July .29. —Miss Mattie
H. Beals, who drew the second number
at Lawton, works . In , the central tele
phone office In this city. She came here
two months ago from Kansas City. She
lives with her mother, who is a widow,
at 418 South Market street. She has a
brother who is a freight conductor on
the Santa Fe and a younger sister living
at home with her mother. She is a very
attractive girl. • ;
GREAT GATHERING AT EL RENO,
OKLAHOMA, OF SEEKERS OF
HOMES.
Railroad Tries to Thwart Agents.
CHICAGO. July 29.— The chairman of
the Transcontinental Passenger Associa
tion to-day took steps to thwart what Is
considered a serious menace to the main
tenance of the "presidents agreement
to pay no commissions on ticket sales.
The Pacific Mail. Occidental and Orien
tal and Toyo Kisen Kalsha Steamship
companies have Issued a circular offer
ing commissions to railroad agents sell
ing tickets over their lines. To nullify
this general passenger agents whose
roads are members of the Transconti
nental Association agreed to-day _to se e
that those circulars were not distributed
to ticket agents under them.
?
Mvstery Surrounds Handler's Death.
SANTA ROSA. July 20.—J. L. Brancoll,
who worked on a ranch near here, was
found dead in bed this morning. Near
him was a pistol with one chamber emp
ty but there was no wound on his body.
So far the cause of death remains a mys
tery. '
Drowned in Bussian River.
SANTA ROSA, July 29.— Henry Esberg
was drowned m the Russian River near
her© to-day. He was swimming across the
stream to reach a boat when he was seen
to throw up his hands and sink. It Is sup
posed that he was attacked by cramps.
The body has not yet been recovered.
CHICAGO, July 29.— "The horror of the
situation ' in the Boer reconcentiaao
camps In South Africa is appalling.' Men,
women and children are dying at a rate
that would mean the extermination of
the race in nine years. v The people are
cooped up in unsanitary quarters, .where
they are unable to' secure sufficient food
or clothing, with disease making terrible
ravages among them."- : . ¦» • . .
1 Thus was the situation in the Transvaal
and Orange Free State, depicted to*njght
at the Christian Reformed Church . by
Rev. ' Herman D. Van Brockhuizen, _ late
pastor of ! the leading' Dutch Reformed
Church at Pretoria. He has come to the
United States to raise money to alleviate
the sufferings of his countrymen, who are
huddled together" In refugee camps.
¦ It is the intention of Mr.- Brockhuizen
to travel through the country, speaking
In churcheo of. various denominations and
describing the real situation throughout
South i Africa. ,' The ¦ funds 'he is - able : to
secure will - be sent : direct to Pretoria.
- Regarding the outcome of the struggle
Rev. Mr. Brockhuizen is. still optimistic.
He believes the Boers will continue fight
ing until they eventually : tire out. Great
Britain. ' ' ' -
" "It Is- quite Impossible' to estimate trm
number of - burghers now in the - field,"
he : said, ."but- the force Is undoubtedly
much larger than when Pretoria was
taken." - - .
¦ A few days before leaving Europe Mr.
Brockhuizen r visited President ' Kruger,
r and when he asked the doughty old Boer
what 1 message he "would -send to the
" American people, . Kruger replied :
"Tell them they are T helping the Eng
lish to slaughter our people ; by supplying
them with horses, mules and munitions
of war." v, ¦.'¦'' .' '-
Appalling Situation in
the Boer Reconcen
trado Camps.
NAPLES, July 30.— Slgnor Crispi's
condition has again taken a most
serious turn and his attending
• physicians say that dissolution.
. is fast approaching. During his
several months' sickness there have been
many changes— some regarded favorably—
but his condition at the present hour Is
most grave,- and his death is believed to
be a, question of only. a' few hours.
FRANCISCO CRISPI'S CABJBEB.
Soldier and Statesman Who Became
Italy's Grand Old Kan.
Francisco Crispi, soldier and statesman,
sometimes called the Grand Old Man of
Italy, was born at Rlbera, Sicily, October
4, 1S19, the same year wlfh the late Queen
Victoria. From the time he attained his
majority until within a year or two ago
he was actively engaged In public life,
a He was one of the founders of the New
Italy and afterward one of the foremost
In perfecting the system of government.
He studied law at Palermo and became a
member of the bar at Naples, where he
engaged • in the conspiracies - that finally
led to the overthrow of the kingdom of
the Two Sicilies in 1848. He was one of
the chief promoters of the insurrection
of Palermo, became a deputy and Grand
Secretary of War, and for two year3 was
the head and heart of the resistance of
fered by the Sicilian people. ' On the vic
tory of the Swiss regiments he fled to
France.
In 1859 . and I860' he , organized- a new
Sicilian revolution, larioed at .Palermo
with Garibaldi and his volunteers and
after fighting as a simple soldier became
a Minister, in which capacity he paved
the • way for the annexation of the Two
Sicilies to the kingdom of Italy.
In 1861 he was returned by the city of
Palermo to the first Italian Parliament
and was thenceforth connected with the
affairs of the nation. He took a most
prominent position and in a short time
became the acknowledged leader of the
Constitutional opposition. He. was very
popular and in 1876 was chosen as deputy
by several electorates at the same time
and was elected president of the Chamber
of Deputies by a vote of 232 to 115.
In 1877. "when, the return of the party
of "Moral Order" to power In France
menaced the interests of Italy. Crispi
visited • London and Berlin in search of
allies and was well received in both
capitals. Soon after he became Minister
of the Interior in the Deputies Cabinet,
but retired after some months' service.
For the next ten years he was the leader
and one of the principal orators of the
In 1S80 he began the movement to make
Italy more prominent in the concert of
nations and to make the Adriatic States,
then under Austrian sway, a part of
Italy
In'' 1885 he declared war against the
Clerical party as being hostile to modern
Italian institutions. After the Italian re
verses at Massowah, in Africa, in 1887,
when the Depritis Cabinet was or
ganized. Crispi became Minister of For
eign Affairs and on the death of that
statesman succeeded him as president of
On October 1 be paid^ the ' first of a
HORRORS OF WAR
IN SOUTH AFRICA
h«j L RENO, O. T-, July v 29.-Oklaho-
ma's great land lottery was .be-
. gun here in earnest to-day, and
when the' commissioners appoint
ed by the Federal Government
adjourned the drawing for the day 1000 of
the choicest of the 13,000 160-acre claims in
the Kiowa-Corcanche country had been
'awarded, i
The first name drawn from the wheels
was that of Stephen A. Holcomb of Pauls
Valley, Indian Territory, for a homestead
In the El Reno district, and the second
Leonard Larnb of Augusta, Okla. These
two may select the two choicest claims In
this district. [S'Z ' '
¦ The capital - prixe winners, however,
proved to be" James R. Wood of Weath
crford. Okla., whose name was the first
to come out of the Lawton district wheel,
and Miss Mattie H. Beats of Wichita.
Kans.. who drew the second number in
that district. They will have the privi-
Proposition of tile Trust Will
Be Taken Up for Con
sideration.
— -• — o;<£» ''
PITTSBURGH July 29.— "The executive
committee of the Amalgamated Associa
tion will meet In the headquarters of the
organization at 10 o'clock to-morrow,
morning, or as soon thereafter as possi
ble, to take up the proposition of the.
United Steel Corporation for a settlement
of the steelworkers' strike." This state
ment was made to-day by Secretary Wil
liams of the Amalgamated Association.
Beyond this ho declined to discuss the
strike" in any. form. ..... ..-.-.:
There was no "change 1 in the position of
the contending forces to-day. J' No further
attempt was made to start the idle mills,
and* there were no accessions to the ranks
of, the strikers. An early report that the
•American Tin Plate Company was mak
ing an effort , to start the Demmler plant
with non-union men and that one set of
rolls., ¦was- being- operated ¦was afterward
explained as being a rumor that started
from the fact that the company had some
men at; work repairing the plant, with the
expectation that the strike would be set
tled^shortly. ¦ ••: - •».
President Shaffer Remains Silent. ,
This, was a busy day for President Shaf
fer and /.the executive officials of the
Amalgamated Association. There was a
steadj'vStream'ofrCallers from early morn
ing and innumerable conferences bearing
on the proposed -settlement of the strike.
President Shaffer was firm in | his deter
mination npt to talk on the strike situa
tion 1 until after the meeting to-morrow.
' Colonel G. -Watson French and J.-Wash
ington Taylor of the Republic Iron and
Steel Company had a lengthy conference
with President Shaffer, but the object of
their call-was not "made public. It was
said, however, that it had no connection
with the strike settlement, but rather to
the /affairs of the .- Youngstown company.
It.was'said the Republic Company was in
need of -a number, of skilled men and In
search of them. After the visit of Colonel
French, Joseph Bishop, secretary of the
Ohio bqard of arbitration, went into con
ference with President Shaffer. His visit
was in connection, with the strike and its
probable settlement. What was said, how
evef\ was not dlvuiped' and -will not be. It
is believed that Bishop has been actively
engaged, In bringing about the last con
ference between, the strikers and the steel
trust. • • . ,-: 7;; /. . .
Strikers Hold Their Ground.
One of the most, apparent facts in the
status of the strike to-day was the deter
mination of the strikers to lose no ground
in their struggle while peace negotiations
are being conducted. The strikers claim
to have more than held their own ground
since the strike.began, and since the open-
Ing of the campaign they-claim to have
increased their membership'" In McKees
port alone to over 1500. Accessions to the
ranks of the: Amalgamated Association
have also been'made In Wells'vJlle, ; Pitts
burg, Allegheny, Mingo Junction andiRiv
erside. W. Va"., where one of theiNatlonal
Tube Company's mills is operated.- .-.. f- ¦.•,.-
With the American Steel I loop Company
the change has "been one of the most
sweeping. Before, the strike practically
all but two of the "mills were non-union.
At this time all but one' of '. the- mills of
this company are union and are idle. from
the strike. •'¦'¦<,'-¦ 'r:- :- ' . ' v"-' ;
The situation of the -American Tinplate
Company is .well understood.. 'All; or the
mills of that company are -forking under,
union rules excepting the Mbnessen mllL
The story told of this mill is th'at-.under'
the agreement made at the time It was
secured by the trust the management of
tbe plant was to be left in the hands of
the former officials for a period of five
years. This was done in order to prove
the value of the patent methods for pro
ducing .tinplate there. This plant is still
running non-union, arid "though thirty-six
men have been discharged from the plant
for embracing union principles/Manager
Percy Donner claims that the plant Is
running full and has not been affected by
the strike in the least. The mill employs
800 men.
STEEL WORKERS
STANDING FIRM
creasing.
Roll Is Steadily In-
Claim That Membership
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, July 29.— While the men and
women "help" peaceful!* slept a bold and
carefully txeomXed attempt to rob the
residence of \& J. Davis, manager of the
Illinois Theater, at 4740 Grand boulevard,
early to-day was frustrated by the pres
ence of mind of his wife. Jessie Bartlstt
Davis, the noted opera singer, with her
sister. Josephine Bartlett of the Bos
tonian Opera Company, occupied a room
on the second floor. Davis was\ away
at the time. In the room next to that
occupied by the two women was a safe
with contents valued at $30,000. The door
to the latter room was unlocked, and it
was while passing the one occupied by
Mrs. Davis and her sister that the In
truder was seen. Mrs. Davis was aroused
by a noise in the hallway. A man's head
peering into the open door then fully
aroused her to action. She first screamed,
and catching hold of her sister awakened
Tfce two women Jumped out of bed and
as they did so they heard the burglars
footsteps beating a hasty retreat.
Davis called lustily the nam^s of the
h^ U F S r e S» Se sh V e a crfed. "Come on. George,
get your revolver." None o£ the "help,
who occupy apartments on the third floor
In the rear of the house, was awakened
until after the burglar had .gone. After
the women had frightened 'the intruder
out of the house they stood on the front
veranda and for five minutes called for
assistance. A young man passing heard
their cries and notified the police. A
general alarm was sent in to l be Fiftieth
street police station and a patrol wagon
with Captain Madden drew up in front
of the residence. •
\Mra. Davis was unable to give a de
scription of the robber. The entrance
was secured by prying open a rear cel
lar door. The police pronounce the work
that of a professional and think the thief
was familiar with the Interior arrange
ments of the house and habits of the
family.
Daring Thief Breaks Into a
fl House Where a Fortune
"Was in a Safe.
Jessie Bartlett Davis and
Sister Prevent a
Robbery.
SINGERS' CRIES
SCARE BURGLARS
FORMER PREMIER CRISPI'S
LIFE IS NOW SLOWLY EBBING
Attending Physicians Have Given Up Hope
and Death of Italy's Grand Old Man
Believed to Be Only Question of Hours
HOMESEEKERS WIN PRIZES IN GREAT
LAND LOTTERY UNCLE SAM CONDUCTS
Great Excitement Prevails as Commissioners Draw Lucky
Numbers — One Girl Draws Tract and Possible Husband
While Another Gets Married and Forfeits Her Land
. i --: ; -> . _•_-¦ : i ! ¦ — -*
fTHB SAJNT I'KA W CISCO /cAOCjL, TUESDAY; ' Jl/jL7r 30, 1901.
2
Mothers who use Malt Breakfast Food
In summer for their children call it* tho
children's friend. It keeps the growing
child In perfect health; it nourishes the
body and keeps the bowels regular. Malt
Breakfast Food being predlgested, is read-
ily absorbed by the system, quiets the in-
flamed and Irritated stomach, and gives
the little ones restful sleep. All children
thrive on Malt Breakfast Food. At all
grocers. •
Mall Brtfast Foofl
' The Children's Friend.
GROWING CHILDREN IN SUMMER
THRIVE WONDERFULLY ON -
t STRICTLY RELIABLE.
M E N
ONLY!
I> T VJLR THB
D greater number of
pitients seeVlns relleJ
for so-called weakness
are strong, robust men in
•rery other respect. Our
theory that Loss of Vital-
ity PrematurenesSk etc.,
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of in-
flammatory processes in the Prostate Gland
(i o-called neck of ' bladder) caused by con-
tracted disorder* and early dissipation. Is now
• being adopted by tbe leading: specialists of th >
world. Under our local plan of treatment,
directed toward reducing the enlarged, anrt
swollen Prostate. Immediate result* as indi-
cated by increased circulation and renewed
etrenrth. are observed. Our colored chart oi
the owns, which we send free on application.
Is interesting to* any one wishing to study th»
anatomy of the male.
DR. 1AIC0IT a CO., 997 Market St.
MOM I
Ibis Greal Trsla ||
AMD runs but twica \\
per weak during ||
TUIIDQniV thtsummtr. ij
nunoufli . h
_ „ Leaving at 9 am. B
I CALIFORNIA z*srl
LI SHI I LU Its hJsfl standard I
ON f u ny maintained. |
SANTA FE
ADVERTISEMENTS.DISMISSES INDICTMENT >
. "? AGAINST THE SURVEYOR
Superior Judge Hart Hakes End of
the Case of Mullenney in
Sacramento.
: SACRAMENTO, July 29.— The sensation
al feature of the work of the Grand Jury
which was recently in session was its in
vestigation.into the acts of City Surveyor
William Mullenney, resulting in an indict
ment charging him. with, malfeasance in
office. Mullenney was accused . of felony
under this Indictment • in having, as al
leged, charged the city -twice -for labor
performed.' This afternoon Superior Judge
Hart dismissed the , Indictment against
Mullenney and ordered his bondsmen re
leased. ' , • • . • -
Various grounds are. given by the court
for this action; among them being the un
warranted action of the Grand Jury dur
ing the investigation In calling in counsel
other than the District Attorney; in al
lowing to be present persons not .author
ized by law to be in attendance; In failing
to secure the required number of Jurors
to vote affirmatively on the indictment,
and in forcing the defendant against his
wish and consent to appear before the
Grand Jury respecting the subject matter
of the indictment. *
Accuses a Former Justice.
-SEATTLE, July 29.— Elmon Scott, for
eight years Justice of the Supreme Court
of Washington, for half of the term Chief
Justice, and one of; the leading lawyers
of the State, Is under arrest at Whatcom
charged with • criminal assault. Judge
Scott is about 60 years old and his alleged
victim; Minna Schaeffer, is an orphan girl
of 15' years. Early last week the girl's
stepfather and guardian', William, Lemm,
made a - complaint against Scott* to the
Prosecuting Attorney of Whatcom Coun
ty. Immediately on the filing. of a com
plaint last Thursday Judge Scott, was ar
rested • and taken « before Superior - Judge
Neterer : at Whatcom, where , he waived
hearing ; and was admitted to $2000 cash
ball.
Writ . Against; State ] Examiners.
. SACRAMENTO, . July. 29.— Judge Shields
this afternoon rendered , a \ decision ' in ' the
case • of | San Luis Obispo County against
the" State Board of Examiners, ; the suit
being brought on a petition for a writ of
mandamus to ' compel them ' to audit tho
county's ¦ claim for- support *: of- : orphans
and' half-orphans. * The board - contended
that -It 'was •• not subject to the writ,. but
Judge Shields decided differently and is
sued the writ as -prayed for. "
League expect to win a decisive victory
In the Twenty-ninth Assembly District.
The large enrollment of good citizens sig
nifies a triumph for the principles of good
local government in that district. .The
bosses hope for a light vote, admitting in
advance that a largevote will result In
the success of the league ticket. .
Register at Once.
Workingmen, business men, taxpayers
and other good citizens should keep in
mind that registration for the primary
election closes next Saturday, August 3.
Every citizen who has changed his place
of residence since the last election should
re-reglster before August 3. Every man
who has gained the right to vote by re
siding in the State during the past year
should register at once. Young men who
have attained the age of 21 since the last
election should get on the register to vote
at the primary. Registration Is now tho
Important topic.
Address to the Voters.
In view of the importance of the ap
proaching election the Republican Pri
mary League last night issued the follow
ing address to the voters of San Fran
clsco:
The Republican Primary League desires'
to call the attention of the voters to the
fact that the registration for the primary
election will close on August 3, 1901.
The people of San Francisco should realize
that this election will determine the char
acter of the men who will control the
municipal government for the next two
years. While the citizen may be Indiffer
ent at the time of the primary election, he
is not Indifferent when he goes to pay his
tax bill. Good citizens are prone to com
plain of the complexion of political affairs
and vet, when they have the remedy In
their own hands they fall to use it. Under
the new primary law, primary elections are
now under the control of the Election Com
missioners, and every vote cast . at the
primary election will be honestly counted.
The delegates who are to be elected will
meet in* convention and nominate men who
will conduct municipal affairs during the
next two years. It Is fair to presume that
if good men are elected as delegates good
men will -be nominated by the convention.
How can good delegates be named, how can
an honest, fair and intelligent . convention
be secured without ' the assistance of in
telligent and free citizens and their \ co
operation by casting their ballots at i the
primary election In favor of ¦ good ¦ men ? ~
. The .disgraceful political conditions of the
past were largely the result of indifference
on. the -part of the best elements in both
political parties to their real political duties
as citizens of our municipality. ' It is with
the hope ' of overcoming this indifference
and accomplishing a final and lasting vic
tory that the Republican Primary League
urges every citizen of both parties, and re
gardless of whatsoever party faction he may
be connected with: "First,, if necessary,
registers second. . to ; vote and express ' his
choice for delegates, on August 13.
' The' following persons are entitled to reg
ister: • .' ' "
All • persons not registered at the last
election, but who were entitled thereto. .
All native . citizens • who have arrived at
age since the last general election.
All native citizens not registered -who
have . secured a residence In the ! State and
county since the -last general election. >
All electors. who have changed their resi
dence from another county In. this State to
this county since the last general election,
and prior to May. 15, 1901.
All persons who were registered, but by
moving out of , their respective districts, or
otherwise. • have lost their . right : to vote.
All qualified voters who were • registered
at the last general ' election, . or. since that
time, and who will have continued to reBlde
within their respective election. preclncta
shall be entitled to vote without additional
registration. • ' •." / ; "
Primary League Meetings.
The ' Republican Primary .League Club
of the Twenty-ninth Assembly District
will meet Wednesday evening, July. 31; at
its permanent headquarters. 830 Howard
street, with J. S. Parry as president and
W. S. Wynn as secretary.
The Republican Primary League Club
of the ' Thirtieth Assembly District will
meet on Wednesday evening, July ¦ 31, at
their permanent headquarters, • 27 ' Sixth
street.- • ¦ : - \ ¦• " ' ¦ - - : •'*••. ¦ -¦ '•'•.
• The ¦ Republican Primary : League Club
of the s Thirty-second Assembly. District
will' meet \ this i evening ' at Penny.'s ; Hall,
It is the deliberate, judgment of politi
cians who are studying the local contest
that the Republican Primary League will
win out In the fight against i the allied
bosses. /Martin Kelly, backed by. Gaara,
Herrin and Van Fleet," Is not able to re
cruit a following- " in the Republi
can party, but is scheming under
cover, • to enlist the \ help- of Sam
Ralney.and the Democratic push. Boss
Kelly has a determined fight- to face In
his own. district and, if Rainey fails "to
send him big -reinforcements* he will be
downed In the Twenty-eighth. .
The anti-boss .Republicans • under the
standard of the Republican Primary
Republican Primary League.
Senator Perkins says Lynch's . appoint
ment was forced on him. Is it possible
now that he is being forced to' retain
Lynch? , Is the Senator being forced by
Van Fleet; Herrin and Gage?- In view, of
tlie embarrassing predicament of our senior
Senator it is high time. that Senator Bard
should come to the relief of his colleague.
The Senator's present position in con
nection with Lynch's incumbency is pecu
liar and awkward. He is now interposing
obstacles to ¦tBe removal of a man who was
forced on him four- years ago. It cannot
be said that prominent Republicans ure
clamoring for the Revenue Collector's re
tention. On the contrary leading Republi
cans throughout the district are signify
ing an earnest desire for a change in that
office. Senator Bard perceives that the
change should be made now, early in the
fiscal year. Another good reason for the
change is the fact that Lynch has. had
the job four years. A further good rea
son for the change is the fact that he is
meddling in local political affairs and
promising public patronage to induce men
to get out and fight the Republican Prim
ary League.-
In an Awkward Position.
The Senator replied:
"I neither affirm nor deny the statement.
If I did advise any one to protest the ad
vice was given in conversation. It Is
likely that I said to man who objected to
the recommendation, 'File a . protest
against the appointment.' I had no per
sonal reasons for • favoring- Lynch. He
never asked me to recommend him. He
was elected to support me for Senator,
but went over to my principal opponent,
Mr. de Young. All these appointments
made four years ago ¦were made with the
approval of the delegation. It is wrong to
create the impression that I am responsi
ble for Lynch. I am not pledged to retain
him in office. I am free to act according
to my judgment. It is my recollection
that Lyuch was indorsed by the Congres
sional committees of X>oud's district, Hll
born's dlstrlot, the Fourth district, then
represented, by Magulre, and of the Log
Angeles district." •
yf^s. UR senior United States Senator,
/I \V George C. Perkins, desires the
II IB people to believe, that he is not
responsible for John C. Lynch's
appointment to the position of
Collector of United States Internal Reve
nue, First California District. Speaking
of the appointment yesterday Senator Per
kins said:
"Lynch was forced on me by members
of the Legislature, prominent politicians,
members of the Republican State Central
Committee and representatives of four
Congressional committees. There were
fifty men, any one of whom I would rath
er have recommended than Lynch. Frank
McLaughlin, chairman of the Republican
State Central Committee, came to Wash
ington with Lynch's indorsements. M. H.
de Young was one of the strongest In-,
dorsers of Lynch. It is my recollection
that the Congressional delegation joined
In asking the President to' appoint
Lynch." • • .
' The Senator was asked yesterday if he
had any information to impart in response
to the following inquiry published in last
Sunday's Call:
"Did you not after recommending the
appointment of John C. Lynch ask a well
known and eminent Republican of Call-,
fornia, who was then close to the admin
istration at Washington, to file a protest
1 against said appointment?"
"I have been spoken to about the mat
ter by some of Mr. Lane's friends, and
with Nathan Cole, Jud 'Rush and others
have discussed the possibilities of his suc
cess before the Democratic convention,
and before the people in the event of his
securing the | nomination. I can safely
venture to say. and I will be borne out by
most of the leading Democrats of the
south, that the men who always control
the Democratic organization will be for
Lane." - ¦ . s
gels Camp, Calaveras, County, is a candi
date for . the Democratic gubernatorial
nomination. Representatives of Mr. Lane
were in the city last week feeling the
pulse of the Democratic leaders of the
south- relative to the possibility of Lane
securing their support In the event of his
entering the fight for the nomination.
Jud Rush, Nathan Cole, J. Harvey Mc-
Carthy, F. W. Allender and other party
leaders throughout this part of the State,
now that the secret of the mission of
Lane's friends- to the south is out, are
declaring that the millionaire is the only
available Democratic candidate .. In the
State to give Governor Gage battle, and
that he will go to the convention with a
practically solid delegation from the
south. F. W. Allender, one of the Lane
boomers here, paid to-day that there was
no question. about Lane's candidacy.
(VOICES FROM THE GAGE-HERRIN-LYNCH-CONROY
QUARTET).- " FRIEND, POLITICIAN, OUR REAL,
BOSS-LEND US YOUR EARS!"
LOS ANGELES. July 29.— An eastbound
extra freight on the Southern Pacific was
wrecked this morning just inside the city
limits. Seven cars loaded with raw sugar
ieft the track, two were telescoped and
for 500 yards the track was torn up.
The accident was caused by the break
ing of a flange on one of the cars. The
owl and overland from San Francisco
were delayed several hours, but most of
the passengers made their way to neigh
boring street cars and came into the city
that way. No one was ¦ injured in the
wreck.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
¦WASHINGTON, July 29.— The following
additional pensions were granted to-day:
California: Original— Hugh H. Davis, El
drldge, $6; George Burgeyne, San Bernar
dino. $8. Additional— Thomas F. Loos, Vi
salia. $8. Renewal — John Valone, Bakers
field, $10. Increase — Jesse Cooper, Lus
sard; $12. Widows— Ellen White. Los An
geles, $12; Margarete Minigan. San Fran
cisco, $8; Sarah J. Lanphear. Azusa. $8.
Oregon: Increase — Andrew J. Wilson,
Coquille, $8. /
Washington: 'Additional— John T. Whar
ton, Spokane, $8. Increase— William M.
Devlin. Hugh Phillips. $12.
M. Patterson has been appointed post
master at Maine. Tillamook County, Ore
gon. The following postofflce was estab
lished: At Klau, San Luis Obispo, Wil
son C. Right Postmaster. • Postmasters
commissioned: California — Smith River.
Daniel W. Finch. Oregon— Grant, Lulu M.
Thornburgh.
Electric Power for San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL. July 29.— The Super
visors to-day ordered ( that the ordinance
granting a franchise for the erection of
poles along the highways d'f the county
for the transmission of electric power be
advertised. The franchise will be sold
to the highest bidder.' Some time ago Che
California Gas and Electric Power Com
pany applied for the franchise and to
day's action of the board was taken to
allow that company a chance. So far no
other bidder is known. The third of next
month has been set as the time for open
ing the bids. |
• 7 ¦' / ¦'"
Jury Exonerates Accused Han.
"WOODLAND, July 29.— The Coroner's
inquest into the cause of the death of
Bishop Hudson of Madison on Saturday
last, for whose alleged murder Indian
Pete was arrested, was held here to-day.
The accused was exonerated, the Jury
finding that death from natural
causes. ; ; <
New Railroad Official Coming.
LOS ANGELES. July 29.— F. B. Hough
ton, general agent of the Santa Fe at El
Paso. s has been appointed assistant'gen
eral freight agent, with headquarters at
San Francisco. v <
Traffic.
in Los Angeles and Impede
Seven Sugar-Laden Cars Leave Track
BREAKING OF A FLANGE
WRECKS FREIGHT TRAIN
PACIFIC GROVE. July 29.— Work in
the Chautauqua Assembly was resumed
to-day after the intermission of yesterday
aad a considerable amount of business
was accomplished. The morning session
was devoted to a discussion of the value
and scope of Chautauqua work, especial
ly in regard to its usefulness to those de
siring a university education and not hav
ing means to gratify this desire in the
regular manner. The discussion was led
by Dr. McClish, president of the Pacific
Coast branch of the Chautauqua and
chancellor of the University of the Pa
cific.
Dr. McClish again held the platform In
the afternoon, delivering a scholarly lec
ture upon "Psychology" before ff large
and attentive audience. At 5 o'clock this
evening the Chautauqua alone assembled
for the first "round table" of the pres
ent ,week, and the final exercise of the
day was a grand concert at 8 p. m., by
the Colonial Quartet of San Francisco,
assisted by Cyrus Brownlee Newton, a
reader of San Francisco, and Messrs. Turk
an! Kerby, soloists of Toronto, Canada.
?
Chancellor McClish of the University
of the Pacific Lectures to the
Assembly.
WORK OF CHAUTATJQTJA
EXPLAINED TO DELEGATES
PACIFIC GROVE. July 29.— The Sun
day-closing ordinance which was passed
at the last meeting of the Pacific Grove
City Council went into effect yesterday
end caused consternation throughout the
town. The ordinance closes all places of
business within the city limits on Sunday
except drug stores, restaurants, barber
shops, livery stables and transfer and
newspaper agencies. Druggists are pro
hibited from selling anything except-drugs
for medicinal purposes only, and restau
rants are required to close their doors
except during meal hours designated in
the ordinance. Bakery and milk wagons
are prohibited from running during the
day.
The ordinance was rigidly enforced yes
terday, many persons having to go with
out breakfast because they arrived at
their restaurants too late, and others who
neglected to lay in their Sunday supply of
bread on Saturday went breadless all day.
Not a cigar or package of chewing gum
even was sold in the town during the day.
and discontented murmurings were heard
all over town In consequence. It is be
lieved by many that the new ordinance
will cause trouble very soon and many
who do not wish such strict Sunday clos
ing declare it is unconstitutional as well
as a detriment to the growth of the town.
It Is stated that the city fathers are pre
pared to back up its enforcement and
many persons on both sides of the con
troversy predict a bitter fight before the
matter* Is finally settled.
New Ordinance at Pacific Grove
Creates Consternation Among
Some of the People.
STOBES ABE CLOSED
AND CITIZENS MURMTJB
"Four of us, P. J. Rooney of Seattle,
C. Sullivan and F. Sullivan, brothers,
from Butte, Mont., and myself, landed
at Cape Lipin, Unimak Island, on May
12 to prospect the country. On June 7
we landed in a dory at another part of
the island. On returning to the boat at
2 p. m. we found that the Indians had
stolen our guns and ammunition and saw
them hiding behind rocks. They
opened fire without a word of warning
and shot Florence Sullivan dead. They
fired again, hitting Rooney, who fell
mortallv wounded, whereupon an Indian
ran up "to him and shot him dead. An
other shot went through my clothes but
I distanced the natives without sustain
ing further injury.
"I started on foot for False Pass and
on June 13 I reached the pass almost dead
from hunger, exhaustion and pain. Final
ly a prospector discovered me and helped
me to his tent and nursed me back to
health again. The Pacific Steam "Whaling
Company's steamer Newport came along
and took us both to Unalaska."
SEATTLE, July 29.— The first authori
tative account of the killing of three
prospectors on Unimak Island, Alaska,
by Indians, reached Seattle in a letter/
written by X. C. Kafoway, the fur trader
of Unalaska. The survivor of the at
tack, D. Jackson of Idaho, tells the fol
lowing story:
CLOVERDALE, July 29.— The large ho
tel and numerous cottages at the Geysers
narrowly escaped destruction by fire late
this afternoon. The excellent service ren
dered by the guests In fighting back the
blaze was all that prevented a repetition
of the disaster that befell the Byron
Springs establishment a few days ago.
While the large . number of guests were
at supper about 5 o'clock they were star
tled by a cry of fire from hotel attendants,
who discovered smoke and flame issuing
from the roof. Men, women and children
sprang from their seats at the table, and
while nearly all. were content to gain the
most available exit some of the more
venturesome sought to reach their rooms
with a frantic purpose of saving their
valuables.
The blaze, which had been started by a
defective electric light wire, burned rap
idly through the dry roofing and had
reached alarming proportions when L.
Schoenfeldt and William J. Gallagher of
San Francisco hurriedly organized a hose
and bucket brigade. Every hotel guest
able to bear the burden of a water bucket
was hustled into line, ladders were raised
and after a half-hour of wearying labor
the progress of the fire was arrested. A
number of men clambered upon the bias
ing roof and with axes tore away the
shingles and upper timbers. The damage
to the building is not great and will not
Interfere with the business of. the hotel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Buildings at the Geysers
Narrowly Escape
Destruction.
HOTEL GUESTS
FIGHT A FIRE
completely guarded the pass, and In this
manner the rebels were mowed down by.
scores. The survivors fled in panic to a
higher mountain region, where hundreds
of them have since been killed or starved
Dispatches received at Hongkong esti
mate that not less than 2000 wero killed.
Many of the brigands were former Chi
nese soldiers who deserted last winter be
cause they were poorly paid, and they be
lieved brigandage offered better opportu
"The'offlcers of the Hongkong and Shang
hai Banking Corporation at Singapore
have been made happ>; by tho recovery
of $290,000 in bank notes and gold coin,
which was stoltti in June from the bank's
inner special vaults by native tellers, who
had been in the bank s employ for fifteen
to twenty-live yearn each. Fourteen ar
rests wero made, of which at least five
were directly connected with the robbery.
The leaders in the crime were three na
tive tellers and money chanpers. Of the*e
one wnn employed by the Chartered Bank
of India, Australia and China. Ills serv
ices were necessary to»vecure the. reserve
duplicate keys deposited nt the Chartered
Hank for safekeeping. When the teller of
the Honjjkongr nnd ShnnRhai Bank wa«
arrested nt Tanjore, India, he had $258,000
In bank notes In his nossesston. The re
mainder of the plunder wus recovered
from persons arrested at Sinprnpore.
French Troops Co-Operate With the Native
Forces and Exterminate a Robber Army
by the Use of Merciless Machine Guns
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, "Wash.. July 29.— To-day's
Oriental advices contain details of
terrible bloodshed along the fron
tier of Northern Tonkin. Two
thousand or more Chinese brig
ands and robbers have been destroyed in
consequence of heroic measures taken by
the French troops in Tonkin and the Chi
nese regulars under Marshal Li.
Rebels to the number of several thou
sand had caused tremendous devastation
in Tonkin by burning towns and crops
wherever large sums were not paid them
to Ktay their hands. Marshal 1,1 had en
tered Into an ngreement with the French
to preserve order along the entire north
ern frontier of Tonkin and was paid large
dun™ of money to keep his troops In
flrhtlnjr trim.
The army of brigands escaped through
his lines almost before he was aware of
it. rendering him unable to subdue them
without assistance from the better train
ed French troops. The latter were sent
from Saigon and other French posts. They
quickly co-operatod with Marnhn.1 Li's
force, with the result that the briprnnrls
were driven Into the mountain country.
There they carefully avoided a general
nrtlon. but were cleverly trapped In ft
mountain paw. where 695 of their, num
ber were killed within two hours. Ma
chine guns had been placed on hills which
RUNS FOR LIFE
FROM SAVAGES
Idaho Man Tells fcf the
Tragedy on Bleak
Unimak.
TWO THOUSAND CHINESE BANDITS
FALL IN A HAIL OF CANNON-SHOT
PETALUMA; July 29.— Fred Engelhardt.
a stockman, died suddenly here to-night
from poison, apparently administered by
himself. He spent. the day in San Fran
cisco, 1 and, returning, told friends he had
but an hour to live. - He died a few min
utes later. He was 60 years old. His wife
recently died In the Napa Insane Asylum,
and this, : with ill health/- made him des
pondent. .. • s • . ¦
; SANTA, CRUZ. July 29.— An interesting
social affair took ¦ place here yesterday,
when Miss Clementina Cassella of Summit
and Eugene Costella of this city were
united in marriage. The wedding festivi
ties commenced, at 11:30 o'clock in the
mornlng v and . lasted until after I o'clock
this morning. Four hundred guests were
present. The marriage ceremony was held
at the Catholic church and Father Mc-
Namee ; officiated. : After • the ceremony
there was an Italian feast, at which many
of the most prominent citizens were pres-
Tells Friends He Expects Death.
LOS ANGELES. July - 29.— The stipula
tions prepared by City Attorney Matthew
and the legal representatives of the Los
Angeles City Water Company were sub
mitted to the Council this afternoon. The
stipulations cover twenty pages of type
written manuscript. They make but one
•change in the proposition originally
agreed to. and that is that the water com
pany shall pay tho taxes on the system
until the bonds have been voted on. The
taxes amount to about $2500 a month. If
no obstacle arises the I bond election can
be held in about three weeks.
¦¦¦-¦¦ ?
Brilliant Wedding in Santa Cruz.
Settling the Water - Question.-
SACRAMENTO, July 29.— A press dis
patch sent from Stockton last Saturday
evening announced that ex-Congressman
Marion De Vrles was dying at Hot
Springs, Ark.
i This afternoon a telephone message was
received from a relative of De Vries. who
resides in Stockton, saying that he had
received information to the effect that he
is greatly Improved in health. As soon
as De Vries is strong enough to travel he
will come to California.
Improvement.
Springs Tells of a Considerable
Latest Reports From Arkansas Hot
EX-CONGRESSMAN DE VBIES
RECOVERING HIS HEALTH
The convention, by a unanimous vote,
then voted to invite the National Conven
tion of Christian Churches to meet in San
Francisco In 1903. The Rev. W. M. White
of San Francisco, the Rev. Henry Shadle.
the State evangelist, and the Rev. Thomas
Lawson were appointed on the transpor
tation committee.
The sermon this evening was by the
Rev. F. A. Powell of Oakland.
Auditing— Xj. McGuire, Saratoga; W. R. Rea
gor, Colusa.
Obituaries— H. D. McAneny. Berkeley; T. A.
Boyer, Stockton; Mrr. M. F. Jones, Santa
Cruz; Mrs. S. S. Murphy. Geyserville.
Resolutions— Rev. T. D. Butler. Willows;
Mrs J. M. Martin, Los Gatoa; J. J. Evans.
Nominations— G. N. Freeman, Fresno; S. A.
Nesbltt, Salinas; J. C. Williams, Oakland; Ell
Fisher, Petaluma.
State work— J. C. 'Williams, Oakland: Levi
McCash. Napa; C. U. Jopson, Los Gatos.
SANTA CRUZ, July 29.— The Christian
church convention proper opened at Gar
fleld Park to-day. At half past 9 the con
vention was called to order by the Rev.
R. N. Davis of Santa Cruz, president of
the State board. Henry Shadle was elect?
ed chairman and J. C. .'Williams secretary
of the convention. One hundred and six
ty-nine delegates* were enrolled and the
following committees were appointed:
Session Near the Santa Cruz
Shore.
Garfleld Park Convention Begins Its
MANY DELEGATES ATTEND .
MEETING OF CHXTBCHES
WOMAN BREAKS RECORD
FOB BIG FISH CAFTTJBS
Mrs. A. W. Barrett Lands a Specimen
That Weighs Over Four Hun
dred Pounds.
LOS ANGELES; July 29.— The world's
record for big fish taken under club speci
fications with rod and reel was-smashed
at Catalina Island Saturday by Mrs. A.
W. Barrett, wife bf the president of the
Tuna Club. ' :*
-Her catch, was a 416-pound Jew fish,
.measuring seven.feet in length and five
feet and eight,inches . in circumference,
and-was brought to gaff in three hours
and five minutes. ¦
Silled by an Express Train.
REDDING. July 29.—Charles Holmes, a
miner aged 72 yefcrs, either fell under or
was struck by the California express here
this morning and died In a few hours.
TUCSON, Ariz., July 29.— Work ' trains
and bridge crews'are being rushed to the
scene of the -washout . which .began at
Fairbank on the New Mexico and Arizona
Railroad and extended south for many
miles. Altogether ten miles of track has
been washed ; away. One . bridge • 400 feet
long and another 300 feet long were.car
ried away arid an immense grade* which
rose to meet the height of- these big
bridges was completely washed away_by
the flood of water which came down San
Pedro Valley.
The first damage was done several days
ago and as the crews were busily engaged
repairing 'the road another storm set in
and the water shed of the mountains sent
down torrents which overflowed the valley
and rose above the highest grade of track.
The Southern Pacific engineers in Tucson
estimate that at least three days will be
required to repair damage so that the
first train can pass. Passengers from
Mexico are detained at Huachuca siding,
where they are being cared for by the
Southern Pacific Company. '
The flood also washed out a portion of
the Arizona and Southeastern, which runs
from Benson, on the Southern Pacific, to
Bisbee. the big copper camp. The road runs
through the San Pedro Valley and it has
suffered a great deal of damage. Bisbee
Is shut off from the outside world for. a
few, days. It. was reported to-night that
the V people of ' Fairbank are excited over
the rise in the river and are fleeing to the
mountains for safety, since another storm
has set In and it is feared the water will
rise to-night. .Fairbank has twice been
washed away by floods and many people
have been drowned in . the valley near
there. The country for miles below Fair
bank Is under water. Considerable loss of
stock is reported and some damage ' to
buildings in the valley. No lives have thus
far been reported lost.
Special Dispatch to The Call. 5
Arizona Residents Seek
Mountains to Escape
'Floods.
RANCHERS FEAR
RISING WATERS
>rf^ACOMA, July 29.-L. de Lobel, an
I eminent French mining engineer.
1 left last night for Dawson, which
, IL city he will reach twenty days
. . out from Paris, thus making a
record trip.
De Lobel declares he is working on an
Immense railroad" project Involving the
construction of a trans-Alaskan railroad
from Circle City to Bering Sea, across the
ocean by means of mammoth ferries to
Siberia and from the coast by a wide loop
to Vladivostok, where connections- will
be made with, the Trans-Siberian road.
The enterprise will, if it Is put through,
have a capitalization of $300,000,000. The
entire length of the line as planned will
be almost 4000 miles and its construction
will be one of the engineering feats of the
a^Tne undertaking Is said tohave a;
financial backers the Bank of France and
other great moneyed Interests of that
country, as well as of America. It will be
essentially a French-Amerlcan-RuMlan
enterprise and the United States Govern
ment will be asked for concessions in the
shape of railroad lands. ..»¦?
The length of the proposed railroad from
Circle City to Bering Sea will bejibout
2000 miles, and from the coast of Siberia
to Vladivostok 1800 miles. Its course
• The young woman was here on a visit
to James Johnson and his wife. She was
to be married on the 22d of August to
Hansen. She will be burled to-morrow,
and her wedding dress will be her shroud.
She was 21 , years old and a native of
Roune. Denmark, where her father held
a Government, position for twenty-six
"years and was a prominent man.
MODESTO. July 29.— Mlsa Anna Has
lund was drowned here In the Tuolumne
River last evening. She was bathing with
others and when one of the party cot Into
too strong a current Miss Haslund at
tempted to save her. The first young lady.
Miss Mattie West, was rescued by -her
brother, but Mia 3 Haslund. who was a
good swlmn*e"i% was drowned despite the
efforts of her betrothed, A. P. Hansen.
and other companions.
Sag Fate Overtakes a
Girl in the Tuolunme
: River.
WEDDING DRESS
FOR HER SHROUD
On his return from Alaska M. de Label
will Journey to Washington, D. C, wher»
he will seek an audience with President
McKlnley with a view to havlns 'conces
sions needed by the railroad recommend
ed to Congress. He first went north In ISO*,
spending two years studying the mineral
formation of Alaska. He In a member of
the Soclcte de Geographle and Delegue du
Museum de Paris. Before the former h«
presented a report on Alaska and the
Klondike. He has gained fame by his lec
ture before 700 Bavants of Europo, presid
ed over by M. Oirnot, on the subject.
"The Origin of Gold and the Possibilities
of Renovation." -
through Alaska will He as far north as
possible so as to evade the lowlands In
the vicinity of St. Michael. One of tho
most difficult problems facing the enter*
prise will be the spanning or tho ocean.
The solution proposed will be enormous
ferries. By means of these It will be pos
sible. It Is believed, to fro from Circle City
to St. Petersburg and Paris by railroad.
De Lobel said last night:
"Two years after the completion of ths
road, 200,000 people from France. Germany.
Italy and Spain will be settled In Alaska
and the total population will reach a mir
lton. The success of the undertaking will
depend on the attitude of the American
Government. If foreigners are protected
In their rights there will be no Impedi
ment."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Arrangements Being Made for a Gigantic In
ternational Project, in Which Mammoth
Ferries Will Be Used in the Far North
RAILROAD, BACKED BY MILLIONS,
WILL OPEN ALASKA'S WILDERNESS
the san. Francisco / call, Tuesday; so, iooi.
Senator Does Not Deny That He Advised Leading Republicans
to Protest— Primary League Issues Address to Voters.
Registration Closes August 3— -Signs of Anti-Boss Victory
¦ ¦ ¦ • - - ¦ ¦ . *¦¦¦¦-.
PERKINS SAYS LYNGH'S APPOINTMENT
WAS FORGED ON HIM BY POLITICIANS
I>EMOCBATS TO HAVE
, LANE ON THE TICKET
LOS* ANGELES, July 29.-Charles ]
Lane, the millionaire mining man of Ai
Eighteenth and Kentucky streets.
The Republican Primary League Club
of the Thirty-sixth Assembly District will
hold a general meeting: of the citizens of
the district at the hall, Twentieth and
Guerrero streets, this evening.; '
The "Republican Primary League Club
of the Forty-fifth Assembly District will
meet -to-morrow evening at Garibaldi,
Hall, 423 Broadway, George M. Perrlue
president, a: Johnson secretary.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oakland Of flce-54 San Pablo Av».
Office 1OO4 Market Straat
Telephone— South 42O,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Know the merits of our laundry . werfc,
others not so fortunate, but with ideas of
dress.- equally critical, are groping their
way In an endeavor to satisfy their wants.
Grope no longer. Uncle Sam supplies a
convenient method of enlisting our. serv-
ices, or our telephone boy. call South 430.
will CU your order.
No saw edges, i
WEIL POSTED MEN
DR. CaOSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the curs of GONORRHEA, GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of t&«
Organs of Generation.
- Prlc* $1 a bottle. For m!« by druczUU.
I DR. GREEN, Specialist. §
| DISEASES OF HEN QUICKLY CURED, 1
(| Enmi Sjreeksl* Bnl'dinj, Bmdu t!8-419. ®
(3) Offioa Hourtl 10 A. M. to 3 P,,M., 7 to 9 P. M. &
® Sund«ys, 18 A- M. to 2 p.' M, y ®
HAIB SOFT AS SILK
New Scientific Treatment Kills Dand-
ruff Germs and Makes Hair Soft.
It Is an accepted fact, a proven fact.
that dandruff Is a germ disease; and It is
also a demonstrated fact that Newbro's
Herplcide kills the dandrunT germ. With-
out dandruff falling hair will stop and
thin hair will thicken. Herplcide not only
kills the dandruff germ, but It also makes
hair as soft a3 silk. It Is the most delight-
ful hair dressing: made. It cleanses the
scalp from dandruff and keeps it clean
and healthy. Itching and irritation are
instantly relieved and permanently cured.
At all druggists. There's nothing "Just as
good." Take no substitute. Ask for "Her»-
icide." ' . »;•
j^^^jf^jk CANDY CATHARTIC **
Genuine stamped C C C Never sold In baft.
Beware of the dealer who tries to tell
something "lust as flood.
'C^*^ 1^^3TiS«?*K^*^ - COPVFtlSHT
Always seeks to find some expression
for itself, and womanly gratitude will not
keep silence. Cynical people sometimes
say Why do women wnte these testimo-
nials to the value of Dr. Pierce's Favorite
_______ Prescription? The
a answer can be
'm'~: (Q* J P u * * n ong/word,
•Hv yjAf /^J'ToJ/t Gratitude.
L^^Wt \£/ S^AE after years of
" '"" fC «£ agony a woman is
",7 V? »f/iffS»£&i>7rffi freed -from pain,
HuhSKu? when **? w * a , k
(lli9r^^JKIi strong and the
l|Ml^^^»^ < jS»|l|j sick woman well,
Cv^^^^^^^lll the natu^ al im "
C 7" vP/iiYvv 1 r I P u^ se * s to w3^ te a
V £ YlA'lJMl 1 word of grateful'
thanks for the
%\ r^?^^4>suii medicine which
i^«\*A t'» S^i^v "Z. caused the cure.
~ ' i~Tj, vorite Prescription
i?JK cures diseases
— 0 1 1 peculiar to ¦women.
S^S/^V^W^ %C It establishes regu-
Wffiifl I Au 1 1 Iar ? ty> i t0 - ps T ea \
f/yJlfUh I nfflhX I I «"ing drains, heals
If (///ill \l///p'\\ //) inflammation and
'l/iil\l If]/ n\ $ ulceration and
'\lv\\\min\ n\ cures female
H \l W I M V 1 weakness.
\\\ / Ai I V li I 'Having- used Dr.
»L \ 1 I I / 1\ V\« \\ C T CC ' 8 Favorite Pre-
J V I / \H\^. script ion and 'Golden
-4»A*»K>—y'»»> jiedjcai Discovery'
1 ™ 1 ™ 1^ dttrinfr the pa«t year,"
writes Mr*. Mattie Loner, of Pfouts Valley. Perry
Co.. Pa. "lean truthfully recommend the medi-
cines for all fcrcale weaknesses. I have used
several botiles of * Favorite Prescription which
I consider a great blessing to weak women. I ,
was eo nervous and discouraged that I hardly
knew what to do. Vour kind advice for home
treatment helped me wonderfuZlr. Tnanfcs to
Dr. Pierce."
Doctor Pierce's Pleasant Pellets care
biliousness, and eick headache. - They
should be ' used in . connection wita
« Favorite Prescription.? whenever the
use of a laxative is indicated.To Rebuild Schoolhouse.
;-- The Board of Public Works yesterday
awarded the contract for i making , altera
tions . and additions to the Buena Vista
School rto Jones. < Peterson ¦ & > Rountree on
itheir.bld of $11,500.- " •¦.:-:•"-•¦¦»;;. •
Park Commissioners ; Report.
The . Park Commissioners . filed j their .an
nual report for . the fiscal year ended June
SO with the Mayor yesterday. The*' receipts
aggregated $274,190 89. and ? the disburse
ments $186,362 84, , leaving a balance [ on
hand of $18,828 0&.' .-¦¦ ¦
Cresceus Coming- to the Coast.
TOLEDO, July 29.— George ' Ketchum,
owner, and driver of Cresceus* the world's
champion trotter, announced to-day, that
he would 6pend next winter on the Pa
cific Coast, where the famous horse will
give speed exhibitions. He will stop at
Denver, Salt Lake City, Sacramento, San
Francisco and Los Angeles.
Speaking of the race with The Abbot,
scheduled for August 13. Ketchum said
1t had not as yet been declared : off .' but
Tne Abbot had been sick and he did not
believe Scanlan would let him go unless
he was in the best of condition.
Miss Isella II. Van Pelt and Thomas
Mills, a banker of Kingston, Canada, were
married yesterOay at noon at the home of
the bride's father, William Van Pelt. 1910
Djevlsadero street It was a quiet wedding
and only a limited number of intimate
friends of the bride witnessed tho cere
mony, which was performed by the Rev.
John Hemphill.
The bride was attended by Miss Nea
mata V. Van Pelt, who officiated as maid
of honor. Charles M. Bufford o nictated
as best man.
Although the wedding was a simple one
the house was prettily decorated for the
happy occasion. Carnations and roses of
every color were generously used for dec
orative purposes.
After the ceremony a bridal breakfast
was served, and then, the happy couple
left for a brief visit to Pacific Grove,
where the honeymoon will be spent. Their
future home will be in Kingston. Canada,
The fair young bride is well known in
musical circles. She is the contralto of
Calvary Church and a member of the
Colonial Ladies' Quartet.
Miss Nona Roth and Edward Ballard
were married on Thursday, evening at the
residence of the bride's parents, near
Elrrthurst, Alameda. the Rev. Mr. Mow
bray of the Frultvale Congregational
Church officiating. Miss Blanche McCar
ter acted as bridesmaid and Hal Ballard
was best man.
Mr. and Mrs. Ballard have gone north
on a bridal trip. They will make their
future home at Dunsmulr, where Mr. Bal
lard occupies the responsible position of
foreman of the railroad yard. Mrs. Bal
lard was formerly a telephone girl in the
Oakland office.
• ? i •
L. A. Bunnell, a well-to-do young stock
man of Prattville, Plumas County, and
Miss Josephine Flint were married yes
terday In this city at the home of the
bride's parents. The marriage is the cul
mination of an acquaintance begun years
ago In Chlco. The ceremony was .: per
formed by the Rev. J. M. Woodman ; of
San Leandro and was witnessed by a few
Intimate friends of the contracting • par
ties. .. " •' ' . . ¦ .--.-. . ¦ ,5,
. The young couple left on the Oregon ex
press last night for Big Meadows, where
they will spend their honeymoon. They
will ultimately make their home at Pratt
vllle, Plumas County. The bride la highly
accomplished , as a pianist and is gifted
with a voice of rare sweetness. . \
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
applause. The noble creation of Lem
mens, an air with variations in G, was
exceptionally well rendered. The mag
nificence of the organ was i demonstrated
beyond question when Merkel's fantasia in
D minor was presented. The slumber
song of Schytte was exquisitely executed,
as was also Grieg's "Triumphal March."
The programme was an excellent one and
was a delightful treat to all present.
James W. Erwin to Lecture.
James W. Erwln will deliver an illus
trated lecture at Metropolitan Temple to
night on the subject "In the Lands of the
Jap, the Chino and the Filipino." There
will be interesting intermission features.
Olympia.
There Is a good show at the Olympla
this week. Ione's poses plastique are new
and Lester Reeves has some songs never
before heard in this city.
artists, Ed F. Reynard, ventriloquist, and
the Molasso-Salvaggi troupe of dancers,
a troupe of performers whose deeds ara
but little less than spectacular, complete
an excellent bill.
Alcazar.
Charlotte Thompson's "The Adventures
of Nell Gwynne" was reproduced last
night at the Alcazar with Florence Rob
erts as Saucy Nell, the King's sweetheart,
before a large and well pleased audience,
which showed its appreciation of the com
edy by curtain calls at the end of each of
the five acts of the play. The role dis
plays Miss Roberts' lighter vein of acting'
at its best, and the character loses noth
ing of its dare-devil features in her por
trayal. Miss Roberts was the character
to the life and earned all the liberal ap
plause that she received.
Her support was exceptionally good.
White Whlttlesey as Charles II was at his
best and proved to be a right royal jeal
ous lover. George P. Webster , was well
cast, the role of Actor Haynes fitting nls
hyperbolic style nicely. The support in
general was excellent.
Grand Opera-House.
The revival of "The Senator" by the
Frawley Company last evening was wit
nessed by a. large audience. In the role
of Senator Hannibal Rivers.
Roberts does not display the bright,
breezy manner that made the assumption
by Macklyn Arbuckle even superior to
that of William Crane. There are many
good points, however, to Roberts' per
formance. E. J. Morgan walked through
the character of Count von Strohl and
his ability Is wasted on the role. The
quiet, artistic acting of Katherlne Grey
as Mabel Denman was most convincing,
and' Pearl Landers was buoyant as Josle
Armstrong, the "girl who coins words."
Mary Van Buren, as the susceptible,
widow, Mrs. Hillary, lacked finesse and
delicacy. The support was fair.
Columbia.
Chauncey Olcott commenced the second
and last week of his appearance at the
Columbia Theater last night in his new
play "Garrett O'Magh." The house was
well filled and the audience was very ap
preciative. The star's songs are sweetly
rendered and each was encored. The
company supporting him Is well balanced.
Fischer's Concert House.
" At Fischer's this week opera and vaude
ville alternate with every number. The
great terzette from VErnani," .sung.by,
Miss Charity Martin and Slgnors Bruzzi
and Wanrell. created a furor last night.
Other attractions are Miss Nellie Bruce,
London's famous contortionist dancer;
Jennie Metzler, juvenile •• specialist, and
Mabel Rutherford, ballad singer; -Hopper
and Hopper, German comedians, rendered
a laughable farce entitled "Uncle Joshua's
Visit," and the acrobat Karl, among oth
er feats, gave his astounding j salto mor
tale. To-morrow evening a benefit will be
tendered to Mr. HInrichs.
Chutes.
The Chutes has a strong bill this week.
BImra, Bomm and Brrr appear in a novel
musical act. Anna Morris Blngs " several
new; coon songs. The i Kelcey Sisters,,
dancers, , repeated their, former success.
Seymore and Hill present a novel sketch.
Lillian Levey and Arthur : Parent- have
good voices and are clever cake walkers.
Organ Recital.
UTgan i&ecitai. : . '
Fully 2500 admirers of ' Prof essor H.' J.
Stewart gathered at the Pavilion last
night, the occasion being his farewell or
gan recital prior to his departure; for, the
East.' .The grand Stanford memorial or
gan; under his magic touch, became as. a
thing imbued with a living soul, and for
two • hours the audience sat as under a
spell, while at his touch the music of the
masters thrilled with marvelous effect
through -the vast inclosure. • The pro
gramme, from Boellmann's -."Suite ¦ Goth-
Ique" to Wagner's; grand, fantasia,- "Das
Rhelngold." was replete with numbers,
the rendition of which Drovoked continued
AND now begins the serious busi
ness of life. Grand opera is upon
us! The summer Is done, the sea
son begun and as serious farewell
as we' ever take of the rosy god
dess-must now be said. "The Babes in
the .Wood" have gone the way of all light
and lonely nonsense, and "Aida," grave
and gracious, now craves a hearing. TEe
only Ferris has. disappeared in the wilds
of Portland, and where he opened, that
abundant mouth of his Salassa now
stalks supreme. Collamarihi rules where
Annie Myers once delighted, and only
change is eternal. ¦
But there's a deal to be grateful for In
this change. Last night was by much the
best opening night I have ever seen dur
ing my Tivoli experience of grand opera.
Things went with astonishing smooth
ness. The chorus and the orchestral work
were of unusual excellence, and the cast
was beyond comparison tne most satisfac
tory that has been heard in the opera at
the popular house. As to the audience, it
was the usual comfortable, extravagantly
enthusiastic overflowing crowd that in
variably greets the opening opera of the
Tlvoll season, and it outdid its customary
exploits In both appreciation and ap
plause. Each singer got a huge welcome
on his or her appearance— first Signor
Dado and Castellano, then Barbareschl
and CoUamarini, then Salassa, then Nico
lini and even little Plo Facci, not to speak
of Mr. Paul Steindorff, the leader. Flow
ers galore there were, too, mostly for the
charming Barbareschl, who won the house
by her artless pleasure In receiving them.
Salassa, too, received many more flowers
than he owned up to, and Collamarlui,
Paul Steindorff and every one was thus
greeted. Altogether, the season has
opened to the tune of success.
Signor Dado Is the single newcomer In
the cast. He made an excellent impres
sion on his first (and only) appearance
here with Madame Sembrlch, and last
night fully Justified the warmth of his
reception. He reminds, in personal ap
pearance, of Edouard de Reszke, and has
a smooth, resonant and deep voice,
used in an absolutely legitimate
fashion. His Ramphis met all re
quirements of the part. Salassa— what a
welcome he got!— is in excellent voice.
One trembled, remembering his last year s
indisposition, but his opening notes dis
posed of any fear on that score. His
Amonasro is a splendid piece of work
from every standpoint. He looks, sings
and acts the part exactly as it should be
Coilamarini's Amneris Is new to us—
there is much of Collamarinl herself that
is new to us this year— perhaps forty
pounds, for the shapely Carmen is rapidly
acquiring the time-honored build of the
regulation prima donna. One discerns the
Carmen in Amneris, hears the Carmen ac
cent in her voice, but the singer has the
same charm in the part that made her
Carmen so famous. Her voice is lovely
warm, rich, human, thrilling; used at
times marvelously, but again forced as no
human voice should be forced, just as it
was forced in her Carmen. The part is
splendidly acted, with all the power and
passion that makes the singer's work so
distinctive, and the singer was received
with utmost enthusiasm.
Barbareschi was very nervous at the be
ginning of the evening, but later recovered
herself and gave us a charming Aida.
She looks the part, has an excellent make
up—no common thing with Aidas— and
give3 a true and graceful conception of
the character. Her voice is both sweet
and sympathetic, and were her technique
surer, Barbareschi would be a very ad
mirable singer. She was greeted warmly
by the audience.
Castellano's Radames is an adequate
rendering. He is sure of himself— always
there, and his voice smooth and brilliant —
though lacking wholly in resonance, is
very serviceable. Nlcollnl did the King's
part acceptably and Pio Facie the mes
senger.
Paul Steindorff must be congratulated
on the smoothness and finish of the per
formance. He has proven himself a capa
ble and artistic conductor, one of the
best we have had here. The orchestra
was kept In Its place, the rhythms were
elastic, the balance of tone good and the
chorus work was exceptionally worthy.
The scenes and staging were also of the
best.
Russo, Repetto, Ferrari, PoletinI and
Nicolini will appear to-night in "Rlgolet
to," the alternating bill for the week.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
California.
Henry Arthur Jones' splendid disserta
tion on marriage the equity of the
sexes done up In most palatable form In
his charming play, "The Case of Rebel
lious Susan," brought the Neill Company
back to the California Theater last night.
It was a splendid performance worthy of
the play and the snug little company.
"Rebellious Susan" is a literary play and
a false move, a wrong tone would spoil
it beyond reparation. However, each
player fitted neatly and well Into his or
her respective part and there was nothing
to mar a performance which Individually
and collectively was excellent.
Edythe Chapman was a thoroughly
lovable, -womanly Susan. She dressed the
part well and played It with a delightful
grace and dainty touch. Julia Dean
astonished even her admirers by her
splendid performance of Mrs. Quesnel. Her
lines so neatly given carried well, but her
delicate, girlish appearance was against
her. It takes considerable Imagination to
picture dainty Julia Dean as a worldly
wise widow. Miss Louise Brownell as
Elaine Shrlmpton was forcible and con
vincing. She was the woman's rights
woman to the life.
"Rebellious Susan" Is a play that gives
the men equal chances with the women.
Sir Richard Kato Is essentially a role that
actors call "fat," and Neill took the
middle of the stage with it and held it in
spite of all comers. John TV. Burton was
a salty Admiral Sir Joseph Darby. George
Bloomquest certainly "left his stamp
upon" the audience as Fergusson Poybus,
and Donald Bowles was dreadfully in
earnest as Lucien Edensor.
The play was splendidly mounted and
should do a splendid week's business.
Central.
The oft-seen naval drama, "The En
sign," proved a strong: drawing card at
the Central last night. The frequent &t
testatlons of approval on the part of the
audience, which the flne staging of the
play, together with the conscientious
work of a well-cast company, evoked,
proved beyond question that its popular
ity has not waned. The play Is an excit
ing one, and it teaches a wholesome, les-
Bon in patriotism and love of flag and
country. These are qualities which the
average American cannot Ignore, and it
partly accounted for the. frequent out
bursts of applause that greeted the vari
ous scenes as presented last night.
James M. Brophy was at his best as
Ensign Ben Baird. his • scene before the
naval .court of inquiry being especially
strong. As the bluff old coxswain, Jack
Dudley, James Corrlgan shared with the
star the honors of the evening. Howard
Scott, an Alcazar favorite, who made : his
debut at this house, gave a dignified por
trayal of the part of Captain "Wllkes.
George Nicholls was an admirable Abra
ham Lincoln. 1 Juliet Crosby, as Alice
Greer. was excellent. Georgie Cooper dis
played her versatile talent to advantage
as Dot. The support generally -was ex
cellent. - ¦.}-. :»¦.-.-,-¦>. - • :.-.„'.
The audience at ¦ the Orpheum exper'
enced a disappointment last evening. Miss
Alexandra Dagmar, the noted vocalist,
was unable to appear, owing to illness,
but it was announced that .the - artist
would be able to appear this evening
without fall.. The bill is among: the best
that have been put on the Orpheum for
many a week. San. Franciscans have
seen La Loie Fuller and Paplnta many
times, but Ameta, now dancing at the Or
pheum, is new to the city and is a pleas
ant surprise. Hugh Stanton and Florence
Modena appear in "A Bargain Fiend,"
and alone furnish sufficient fun for an
evening's entertainment. And better still
is "The Bifurcated- Girl," presented by
Will H. Murphy and Blanche Nicholls.
Arras and Alice, European novelty artists,
the Three Brooklyns, eccentric musical
New California Jockey
Club Issues List of"
Stakes.
Season Will Open at Tanforan
Park on November- * 2.
Many New Features.
The New " California Jockey .'- Club an
nounced. Its -list . of stakes", yesterday tor
the fall and winter, season.,: of ; racing,
which -will open . at. Tanforan 'Park" oh
November 2. The prospectus -.would " Indi
cate that the reorganized turf association
does not Intend to be penurious In its
dealings with horsemen, for the twenty
flve stakes advertised j represent an ex
penditure of $56,000 as against 534,000 last
season. Added to this overnight handi
caps and special races with $500 to $1000
added will be among: the new features.
Euch lavish offers cannot help but attract
The best of the Eastern stables. 1
Among the stakes to be decided early,
the entries for which close on September
16, several changres and additions have been
made. The Produce Exchange, formerly
worth $1000, has been increased to $1000, and
to the Golden Gate and Buriingame sell-
Ing 1 stakes a" like amount has been added.
The name of the Emeryville handicap has
been changed to the Crocker handicap.
The $2500 Thanksgiving handicap, the
Truxton Beale $1500 handicap, the Junior
stakes and the rich $3009 Christmas handi
cap are brand new and alluring features.
In the stakes to be run after January
1, 1902, the entries for which close Mon
day. November 4, 1901. five new turf prizes
are added to the list. These are Califor
nia Derby, California Oaks. "Waterhouse
handicap. Bell stakes and Adam Andrew
selling stake.
The complete list as Issued is as follows:
The following stakes for the fall and
winter season, 1901, will close on Septem
ber 16. 1901:
$1500. the Opening handicap— A handicap, for
three-year-olds and upward. Entrance $10;
$10 additional to start. The club to add an
amount necessary to make the gross value of
the race $1500, of which $200 to 6econd an? $100
to third. Weights to be published Monday,
October SS. Acceptances to be made at the
track before 11 a. m., Friday, November 1.
To be run Saturday, November 2, 1901. One
mile.
$1500. the Produce Exchange stakes— For two
¦ year-olds that have not won a stake prior to
the time of dosing-. Entrance $10; $40 addi
tional to start. The club to add an amount
necessary to make the gross value ol the race
$1500, of which $200 to 6econd and $100 to third,
Winners of a stake 1 of the value of $1000 after
the closing, of this stake to carry e pounds ex
tra. Others, non- winners of $500 at any time,
allowed 5 pounds. - Maidens, 12 pounds; if
beaten three or more times and never placed
(l-i-3). 5 pounds additional. To be run Satur
day. November 9. 1901- Six furlongs.
$1500, the Golden Gate Selling stakes— For
three-year-olds and upward. Entrance $10; $40
additional to etart. The club to add an amount
necessary to make the gross value of the race
J1300 of which J200 to second and $100 to third.
The winner to be cold at auction- Those en
tered to be sold for $lS00 to carry weight for
age. Allowances: 1 pound for each $100 to $1000;
then 2 pounds for each $100 to $300. Winners of a
¦ race of the value of 5900 or of two races other
than celling purses after the closing of this
stake not to be entered for less than $S00.
Starters to be named, with selling price,
through the entry-box the day preceding the
race ax the usual time of closing. - To be run
Saturday, November 16, 190L Seven furlongs.
$1500. the Crocker handicap— A handicap for
two and three-year-olds. Entrance $10; $40 ad
ditional to start. The club to add an amount
necessary to make the gross value of the race
$1300. of which $200 to second and $100 to third.
Weights to be announced three days prior to
the race. Winners of other than a selling purse
after weights are announced to carry 5 pounds
extra. To be run Saturday, November 23, 1901.
Six and a half furlongs.
$2300, the Thanksgiving handicap— A handicap
for three- year-olds and upward. Entrance $10;
$63 additional to start. The club to add an
amount necessary to make the gross value of
the race $2500. of which $300 to second and $200
to third. Weights to be announced three days
prior to the race. Winners of other than a sell-
Ing purse after the weights are announced to
carry S pounds extra. To be run Thursday,
November £8. 1901. One mile and a furlong.
$1500, the Buriingame selling stakes— For
three-year-olds and upward. Entrance, $10;
$40 additional to start. The club to add. an
amount necessary to make the gross value of
the race $1500. of which. $200 to second and $10C
to third. Those entered not to be - sold, to
carry 5 pounds above the scale; If for $3000,
weight for age. Allowances: One pound for
each $250 to $200. 1 pound for each $100 to
$1000; 2 pounds for each $100 to $500. Winners
of a race of the value of $1000 or of two races
other than selling purses after the closing of
this stake not to be entered for less than
$1000. Starters to be named with selling prieo
through the entry box the day preceding th«
race at the usual time of closing. To be run
Saturday. December 7, 1901. One mile and a
sixteenth.
$1500. the Trux. Beale handicap— A handicap
rior three-year-olds and. upward. Entrance.
$10; $49 additional to start. The club to add
an amount necessary to make the gross value
of the race $1500. of which $200 to second and
flOO to third. Weights to be announced three
days prior to the race. Winners of other than
a. selling purse after weights are announced to
carry S pounds extra. To be run Saturday,
December 14. 1901. One mile.
$1500, the Junior stakes— For two-year-olds.
Entrance, $10; !» additional to start. The
club to add an amount necessary to make the
gross value of the race $1500, of which $200
to second and flOO to third. "Winners of a.
Ftake of the value of $1000 to carry 3 pounds:
of two such or one of the value of $2500, 5
pounds extra. Non-winners of a stake allowed
6 pound*; maidens. 12 pounds. To be run Sat
urday. December 21. 1901. ¦ Seven furlongs.
$3000. the Christmas handicap — A handicap for
three-year-olds and upward. Entrance, $15; $75
additional to start. The club to add an amount
necessary to make the gross value of the race
$3000. of which $400 to second and $200 to third.
"Weights to be announced three days prior to
the race. Winners of other than a selling
purse after the weights are announced to carry
S pounds extra. To be run Wednesday, Decem
ber 25. 190L One mile and a quarter.
$2000, the New Tear handicap— A handicap
Tor two-year-olds and upward. Entrance. $10;
$50 additional to start. The club to add an
•mount necessary to make the gross value of
the race $2000. of which $230 to second and
$150 to third. Weights to be announced three
days prior to the race. Winners of other than
a selling purs* after" the weights are an- ,
noynced to carry 5 pounds extra. To be run
Wednesday, January 1, 1902. One mile and a
furlong.
The following stakes, to be run after
January 1. 1902, will close Monday, No
vember 4. 1901:
J10.C00, the Burns handicap— A handicap for
two-year-olds and upward at time of dosing:
one mile and a quarter.
$3000, the Thornton stakes — For two-year-olds
and upward at time of closing: four miles.
$3000. the California Derby— For three-year
clfl« of 19C2: one mile and a quarter.
530ft. th* California Oaks— For three-year-old
fillies of 1902; one mile and a furlong.
$2500. the v Waterhouse handicap*— For two
year-olds and upward at time of closing; two
miles.
$2000, the Palace Hotel handicap— A handicap
for two- year-olds and upward at time of clos
inr: one mile and a furlong-.
$2000. the Paciflc-Unlon handicap— For two
year-olds at time of closing fthree-year-olds of
1902): one and a sixteenth miles.
$2000, the Bell stakes— For two-year olds
ffoals of 1800): five furlongs; <ln addition to
first money, plate of the value of $500 goes to
winner).
$1500. the Adam Andrew selling stakes— For
two-year-olds and upward at time of closing
one'and a fifteenth miles. • . ¦ • . »
J15C0. the Llesak handicap— A handicap for
two-year-olds and upward at time of closing
onf mile: (to be run in January)
$1500. the Grant handicap— A handicap for
two-year-olds and upward at time of closing;
one mile: (to be run In March).
$1300. the Mr Lauchlln selling stakes— For two
year-olds and upward at time of closing:; one
mile and a furlong.
$1500. the Naglee Felling stakes— For three
year-olds and upward at time of closing; elx
and a half furlongs.
$1500, the Follansbee handicap— A hisrh-weight
handicap for two-year-olds and upward at time
of closinr; seven furlongs.
$2000. the- Gebhard handicap— For ' two-year
olfis (foals of . 1900) ; futurity course (170 feet
less than three-quarters). This race will not
be run before April I. Prior to that time Trill
be Klven three $300 purse races at shorter dis
tances, to whlrh only such as are entered In
this race will be ollribla.
GREATEST PRIZES
EVER HUNG UP
Distinguished Vocalists Contribute to Make Opening • of
the Grand Opera Season a Notable :Event---:Suc(:essful
Reappearance of- the; Neill: Company at the California
MAGNIFICENT RENDITION OF "AIDA"
DELIGHTS MUSIC-LOVERS AT TIVOLI
RAIN PREVAILS
IN CORN BELT
Weather Bureau Predicts
Showers East of the Mis
souri River.
Reduced.
Temperature in Parched
District Materially
WASHINGTON, July 29.— Official advices
to the Weather Bureau are confirmative
of the press reports of the prevalence of
rains over the corn belt last night, with
cooler weather than yesterday. During
the past twenty-four hours rain has fallen
very generally in that section with some
few exceptions, notably Southern Ohio,
Kentucky and Southwestern Nebraska.
While not very heavy In amount, the
rains are described officially as pretty fair
for summer time. At Kansas City there
was' over an inch of precipitation, from a
quarter to almost two inches in various
parts of Iowa, in Nebraska the rainfall
was fair, in Kastern and Northern Okla
homa there were some showers, but In
Missouri they were, pretty fair. Showers
are predicted to-morrow east of the Mis
souri River and fair weather west. Tem
peratures were generally above 90 degrees,
but in .some localities they did not get so
high. For the next day or two tempera
tures will be reasonably moderate as com
pared with those of the past heated pe
riods ¦ - f ¦
In many sections of the Middle Atlantic
States there have been high temperatures
to-day, but in Northern New Jersey,
Pennsylvania and New York they were
reduced to-day as a result of showers. In
Washington the weather has been exceed
ingly oppressive to-day, the thermometer
registering a maximum of 97 degrees, with
an unusual degree of humidity in the at
mosphere.
STOCKTON, July- 29.— Attorney A. &.
Carpenter, who was indicted by the
Grand Jury on charges of perjury and
subornation of perjury, to-day swore to
an affidavit before the County Clerk de
manding a change of venue. The affidavit
states that Judges Budd and Jones are
prejudiced against the affiant and that
he cannot secure a fair trial in thi3 coun
ty. He asks that the case be transferred
to Sacramento County or that Judge "W.
G. Lorlgan of Santa Clara County be
called to preside at the trial.
Says Judges Are Prejudiced.
She Is Not. Doing Herself
Justice and "Will Not
Go to Newport.
COLUMBIA WINS
THE ASTOR CUP
Behavior of Constitution
Proves Exceedingly
Disappointing.
The Boston boat Independence started
over the course about a mile ahead of the
racers. She tackled them to leeward off
the Block Island mark and did windward
work similar to that of the racers, but
at no time did she show any great speed.
Start. Finish. El'ps'd. Cor'ctd.
Constitution ».ll:07:38 2:56:51 3:49:13 3:49:13
Columbia 11:08:19 2:54:33 3:46:19 3:44:45
¦ The Columbia covered this long leg
three minutes and nineteen seconds faster
than the new boat. This settled the race,
for the Constitution was unable to even
cut down this lead on the. short run home
and so they finished. The" summary:
As the two 90-footers rounded the Block
Island mark the Constitution had the
weather berth. She did not keep it long.
Instead of a beat to windward, the beat
to the second mark resolved itself. into
a very long leg on the port tack, with a
couple of short hitches on the starboard
stretch.
It is not easy for the best friend of the
Constitution to make plausible excuses
for her most palpable defeat. She was
beaten fairly and squarely on her merit J
Running almost dead before the wind on
the first leg of the course she at first
opened quite a gap of clear water between
herself and the Columbia, and it looked as
though she would have a long lead in the
run down the wind. So long as the wind
continued light she had it all her own
way, but when it freshened the Columbia
slowly but surely overhauled her and
when they got to the first mark was only
a few lengths astern..
The behavior of the Constitution on the
other^ hand was disappointing: in the ex
treme and this evening- Mr. Duncan an
nounced that his boat would not take- part
in f urther\ races until her rig had been
altered. He declared that the Constitu
tion is not doing herself Justice; that she
is not going well and that there is no uss
in racing her further until she Is put in
proper shape. ¦ .
The Constitution will not participate In
the Newport- yacht racing events of
Thursday and Saturday of this week as
a competitor^ of ithe Independence. The
Columbia, however, has been entered for
these races and will sail against the Bos
ton boat.- The Constitution will go to
Bristol at once to have the alterations
made. If this change in the plans of the
Constitution does' not prevent, the next
races in which she will start will take
place over the Newport course on August
12 and 14 and the regatta, wiir be under
the auspices of the, New York .Yacht Club."
In; one of. these races the cup. offered by
Sir Thomas Lipton will be sailed for. The
regular- trial races for the purpose of se
lecting the defender of the America's cup
will be held August 31 and September 1
and 3. The wind to-day never exceeded
thirteen knots, and although there was
a long roll of. the sea setting In from the
southwest, ' the water • was by.no means
rough. In fact. Newport catboats took it
quite kindly with a single reef in their
main sails. The course was a total dis
tance of thirty-eight nautical miles. The
wind was north by east at the start and
north-northeast at the finish. It started
with a force of about nine knots when
the preparatory gun was fired and fresh
ening gradually as the race progressed,
it attained a strength of thirteen or four
teen knots, when the Columbia was greet
ed as the winner. " -
NEWPORT, R. I., July 29.— The Colum
bia to-day defeated the Constitution boat
for boat in a splendid race by two min
utes and fifty-four seconds and won the
$1000 cup presented by Jonn Jacob Astor.
Her victory was decisive and convincing.
Sharkey to Meet Jeffries.
BOSTON, July 29.— Tom Sharkey to-day
accepted an offer to meet James J. Jef
fries before the San Francisco Athletic
Club in September. The details of the
match will be speedily ratified.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 30; 1961^
SIGNOR DADO AS RAMPHIS. THE HIGH PRIEST, IN "AIDA," AT THE
TIVOLJ OPERA-HOUSE LAST NIGHT UPON THE HIGHLY SUCCESS
FUL OPENING OF THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
4
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
Corner Twenty-sixth and Folsom streets,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Courses of Study to fit youn* mea tor
positions as
CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAKERS.
FOUNDRYMEN, MACHINISTS, DRAUGHTS-
MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEAM
EN61NEERS.
Open to any graduate of the grammar
schools or equivalent course.
A ONE-YEAR BUSINESS COURSE,
WITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For young men and women over IS years of age.
MUSIC COURSES. PIANO AND VOICE.
DOMESTIC SCIENCE COURSES,
With Instruction In
SEWING. COOKERY. DRESSMAKING,
MILLINERY. HOME NURSING* I
INVALID COOKEP.Y. ETC. 3
NORMAL COURSES,
To Preoare Students as
TEACHERS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE ANI>
MANUAL TRAINING.
NO TUITION, except a fee of Five Dollar*
per half year to cover cost of materials and
breakases.
TERM OPENS JULY 29, 1301.
Office now open for applications. Send for
Catalogue.
BARTON CRUIKSHANg. M. 8.. President.
ST. GERTRUDBIS ACADEMY FOR
YOUNCTLADIRS.
Conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, opens Aug.
6, 1901. Full Academic Course of studies. Spe-
cial Normal Class for preparing Teachers.
Grammar and lower classes graded on State
Schools. Modern building: steam heated;
lighted by gas; large exercise grounds; loca-
tion unsurpassed for health. Communication
by several lines of steamers.
Address MOTHER SUPERIOR. Rio Vista. Cal.
Kn ¦»¦ i ¦¦ sSfll 51 Sfti tmJuc I'
BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 Post Street, San Francisco, Cal.
THE LEADING BUSINESS TRAINING
BCHOO1. OF THE WEST.
Prejares Young Men and Women for Business
Careers.
18 AAA Graduates now successfully ap- 10 AAA
lO,WHJ pjymg their knowledge. KtylWI
3.50O Stenographers have been trained S.5OU
at Keald's.
1,000 Nearly one thousand pupils en- 1.000
rolled last year.
4J5O Average dally attendance 4oO
30O Nearly three hur.dred gradu- SOO
ates last year.
274 Positions filled during the year 2T4
23O Additional positions offered last S5O
year that could not be filled
for lack of graduates.
6O Typewriting Machines In tha 6O
Typing Department.
63 Counties In California represent- 53
ed last year.
4O Heald's Business College Is near- 4O
ly forty years old.
2S Teachers employed in the school 2S
17 States and Territories sent stu- 17
dents to the college last year.
7 Foreign Countries were repre- 7
sented in the student body
last year.
8 There are three Banks in the S
Business Practice Department.
School is open the entire year. DAY and
NIGHT.
WRITE FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE
(FREE).
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL.
1615 Bush street fWest of Franklin)
Principal, GEORGE BATES, M. A.: Pri-
mary Dept.. MISS M. P. MCDONNELL. Is in-
tended to furnish the best preparation for tha
universities or for business to a limited num-
ber of pupils. Opens on MONDAY. Aug. 5.
For circulars, etc., address 904 Van Ness ave.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,
OAKLAND. CAL.
Studies will be resumed MONDAY, August
5. 1901. BRO. ERM1NOLD. President.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
, Xmas Term Will Commence August 11
Major Geo. C. Collins. Commandant.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORT SCHOOI.
for th« university, law and medical collesres;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. . Phelan Building.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
W14 VAN NESS AVENUE.
OPENS AUGUST 19. For catalogue tad ipe-
clal information apply to
MARY B. WEST. Principal.
CTEENTH AND DOLORES 3TS.
San Francisco. Cal. A
WILL OPEN AUGUST 1.
Address SISTER SUPERIOR.
G0LLE6E NOTRE DAME.
RAYMOND COACHING SCHOOL
463 Eddy St. San Francfseo. Cal.
Repairs deficiencies in all srades. Prepares
for Law and Medical Colleges and for tha
Universities. Sessions continuous.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
AND NEWSPAPER ILLUSTRATION.
DAT AND NIGHT CLASSES.
New Term Begins August 5.
424 PINE STREET.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
"— A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough. fln#lr
equipped departments: positions for graduates.
105 Larkln st. Illustrated catalogue.
R. L. DURHAM. President
IRVINC INSTITUTE.
Boardlnx and d*y school for girls. 3X28 Cali-
fornia st. Accredited to the universities. Thm
next MMlon wilt begin Aug. 5. For illustrated
catalcsnie addrra* the principal.
RKV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A: M-
STATEMENT
OB* THE— •
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Wilhelma °^ Magdeburg
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDBBURG. IN THE STATE OF
Prussia, on the Slat day of December, A. D.
1900, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $750.000 00
ASSETS. "¦
Real Estate owned by Company.... S91SJ6S 43
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 9,606.150 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.... 41,858 75
Cash in Company's Offlco 6,055 10
Cash In Banks ..J........ 66.4S1 79
Interest due and accrued . on all
Stocks and Loans 1:6 95
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion (31,45189
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
tor Fire and Marine Risks 10,590 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on ' losses already , paid. 1.169.539 45
¦ Total Assets .$12,250,129 24
LIABILITIES. — — —
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $94,868 50
Gross Premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $.. ; '
reinsurance 100 per cent 81,143 00
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ J reinsurance 50 ..» .'
per cent • 7«,430 BO
Liability under other Branches 10.799.2S3 15
Cash Dividends remaining unpaid. 618 25
Due for Reinsurances ....^. ... 21,803 97
Total Liabilities :...$U.024.031 37
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums * $375,673 98
Received for Interest on Bonds and I
Mortgages 360.500 K
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 69,553 36
Received from all other sources.... 2,493,036 43
. : Total Income .'. $3,492,769 39
EXPENDITURES. ¦¦ ~~
Net amount paid for Marine Losses ~- '
(including J. .......... losses of pre-
vious years) .....:.... $498,938 53
Paid or allowed for Commission or " -
¦ Brokerare 85,740 01
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.. 28,763 S7
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ..........;.........;... 3,319 26
All other ." payments and. expendi-
tures ... : •••"•• 1.499.371 20
Total Expenditures ; $2, 116, 132 37
' ¦ Marine.
Losses Incurred during the year.. .$520.851 23
¦¦ ¦¦ ,- ¦ ¦•¦•-' 1 1 Marine:'- ¦ -
-Risks and Premiums. Risks, j Premiums.
Net' amount of Risks
written during the - .
year ..........•........:. $229,284,839 $669,92167
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
KyMUPr....... ........;.::. 223.516.170 658,495 21
Net amount in force ,
December 31. 1900 . | , 8.988.304 I 107,573 50
TH.DAMMANN, Manager.
Subscribed and v sworn to before mo this 4th
dayof May. 1901.- ¦¦>¦¦•, ' .
- WiLHELM HUMBERT. Notary Public
GUTTE - &• FRANK, Managers;
303 CALIFORNIA ST.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL. The nnt term will betfn
Anrust 1.1. 1901. For catalogue and Illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER.
A. B.. Rector and Head Master.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
303 Montgomery «t.. San Francisco, Cal.
Lessons personally or by mall. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
STATEMENT
-OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP MAODEBXJRG. IN THE STATE •' OT
Prussia, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1900 and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California pursuant to the provisions
of sections C10 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash J730.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... 5534.139 S7
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1.M0.02* 01
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.C4.8S0 SS
Cash In Company's Office 1.693 51
Cash in Banks 543,431 37
Interest duo and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. 7.247 SS
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion JS6.40S 42
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 433.CSS S3
Total Assets M.7S0.11S SI
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $533,751 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $.; .....;
reinsurance SO per cent 1.851.731 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, } ;
reinsurance pro rata £$,955 89
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 750 00
All other liabilities - 2SS.943 3$
Total Liabilities $2,775,153 17
./¦ INCOME. ;
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,410,781 SO
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 47,700 71
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources K4.372 32
Received for Rents 17.601 99
Received from, all other sources.... 14,503 23
Total Income S4.374.939 94
EXPENDITURES. " .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses *¦¦"",':,
(Including $342,046 66, losses of pre-
vious years) $3,047.007 43
Dividends to Stockholders 223,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 800.034 97
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 173,181 17
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ,. 80,23101
All other payments and expendi-
tures 173.243 94
,: Total Expenditures ......... ..$4.493,70» 53
l '' V-' H. VATKE, President. ==
BERNDT. Vice President
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th
day of April. 1901. MAX J. BUELER.
¦ TJ. S. Consul.
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers,'
303 CALIFORNIA ST.
DOUGLAS B. WATSON, City Agent,
53O CALIFORNIA ST.
S.FIGEL&SON,Y.D EHRHARDT
SOLICITORS.
O I PI" T\ HI! I I Corner Fourth and
CAFF KllYal -*«« r ¦*%
valises checked free.
College Sat Rafael for- Young Ladles '
Conducted by the Sisters of St. Dominie.
Opens August 1, 1901. Full college course oj
¦tudies. Modern building:; steam heated. Un-
surpassed for beauty and healthfuinesn. Ad-
dress MOTHER SUPERIOR. Collega Saa Ra-
fael. San Rafael. CaL
lift Cal $1.00 jirlur
jgi§fMw|&^^ 1 "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Your grocer sells you Fels-
Naptha soap and returns your
money if you don't value it twice
as high as we do.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Gb lG51XA2XXTST.tit.eta*7a,S.r.Ca].
.CT^ The Largest Anatomic*! Museum in the
- M< jr- «¦_ World. Wnknestes or any contracted
CMS SOB <fc»ase positively e«rn4 by the oldest
fESJgjl Specialist on the Oxut. Est. 36 years. 1
flff?t DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
fftj&fSl Consultation free and strictly pririte.
I JhrQK B Treatment personally or by letter. A
8 V slff f—itnn Cw in vtaty case undertakes.
F J 11 A Write for Book. *¦!!,©« OMrV«r
U I" BARRMSK, MAILED FREE. (A
A JL . imluable book for mra)
JDB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
San Francisco, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr., also Vassar. Smith and Wellesley college*.
Reopens August It. 1901.
SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to th«
Universities ; rare opportunities offered In mu-
sic, art and elocution: thirty-sixth year: fait
term opens Aug. 7. 1901. Writs for catalogue
to MRS. C. T. HILLS. Pres.. Mills CoUeg*
P. O.. Cal.190 bales hay, 12 cs paints and oils, 48 cs oil,
1 horse.
For Panama— 23S bbls flour, 4700 ft lumber,
10 cs salmon. 2 ca hardware.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
BARGE AND STEAMER
COLLIDE IN THE FOG
Former Vessel Was Heavily Loaded
With Iron and Sinks With
Three of the Crew.
SAULTSTE. MARIE. Mich.. July 29.—
The whaleback barge Sagamore, loaded
with iron ore. was sunk in collision with
the Northern line freight steamer North
ern Queen near Point Iroquois to-day dur
ing a fog. Of the crew of eight men two
were drowned and one is missing. The
dead:
CAPTAIN E. JOYNER, master of the
Sagamore, lived at Henderson, N. Y.
IRA IVES. cook on the Sagamore, lived
at Sacketts Harbor, N. Y.
The missing: Hurley Smith, seaman on
the Sagamore, lived at Woodville, N. Y.
Threshing Crews Wreck Saloons.
WICHITA, Kans., July 29.— Eight threan
ing machine crews struck the town of Col
wich, in this county, yesterday, and be
cause they could not get liquor ¦ owing to
a Sunday law smashed five joints
and in addition wrecked a number of
town pumps. The citizens organized a
party to cause their arrest, but the thresh
ers made them retreat. The rioting was
resumed to-day, when the citizens again
tried to arrest the threshers, but again
they had to give up. The Sheriff has been
asked to come at once to the scene.
Another Antarctic Expedition.
BERLIN, Ju.y 29.— Am imperial decree
issued to-day announces that an Antarc
tic scientific expedition, under the lead
ership of Dr. Drygalski, will leave Kiel
in August to establish observation stations
at Kergulen Island and at the farthest at
tainable point south.
Refuses the Nomination.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 29.— James P.'
Grinstead, who was nominated for Mayor
of Louisville in the Republican primary
of July 16, ¦ to-day announced that he
would not accept the nomination because
of dissatisfaction over the way in which
the primary was conducted. -.
Gigantic Forest Fire.
STOCKHOLM, July 29.— A forest fire in
the province of Jentland has assumed gi
gantic proportions. Three thousand troops
have been ordered to assist the men who
are combating the flames.
0
Two Brides and a Bride-to-Be Go North on the Steamship.
A Woman So Anxious to Get Away That She Leaves
Her Baggage Behind and Boards- Vessel at Last Moment
LONDON, July 30.— Following closely
upon the final agreement of the Ministers
at Peking on the troublesome indemnity
question cornea news from China that
large bands of Boxers are again becom
ing troublesome. A special received lost
night from Shanghai says:. The North
China Daily Nowb announces that there
has been a recrudescence of the out
breaks by the Boxers in the province of
Shantung, in consequence of the success
of the allied villagers in Chili province
against the troops of L.1 Hung Chang.
The notorious Yung Lu (who was im
perial treasurer and later generalissimo
of the. northern army) has been appointed
to the lucrative post of controller general
of the revenue board.
Indemnity Question Settled.
CALL- BUREAU, 140G G STREET.
N. W., WASHINGTON, July 29.— Special
Commissioner Rockhill cabled Acting Sec
retary HJ11 to-day that the foreign Min
isters in Peking have : completed the dis
cussion of the indemnity question. Inter
est on the indemnity will be payable seml
annually, Rockhill reports. Interest is to
begin with the 1st of July of this year,
and the first payment is to be made Jan
uary 1 next. In order to give Qhina an
opportunity to secure' a balance in her
treasury she will be given three years for
the payment. of the first .installment on
the principal.. ¦ . .
-Payments will be made to a financial
committee stationed in Shanghai. The
committee will be a mixed body, cafled
the committee of encashment, and will be
composed of the heads of the foreign
banks at Shanghai designated by the in
terested governments to receive and dis
tribute the money they shall have collect
ed from China. The committee ¦will have
no other function than receiving and dis
tributing the funds. ¦¦ ¦ . ¦ . . •
Avoiding' Embarrassment.
Mr. Rockhill ' adds that the diplomatic
corps in Peking favors the immediate ap
plication of the new tariff, which consists
of a 5 per cent , effective duty and prac
tically abolishes the free list except cer
eals. . •; . : ¦
Acting Secretary. Hill has instructed
Rockhill to urge the exemption of cargoes
afloat and sufficient postponement of the
application of .the new tariff , to enable Im
porters to complete existing contracts,
thus avoiding the embarrassment com
merce would suffer from the imposition of
duty upon articles which have hitherto
been on the free list. . :
Final Agreement of Powers
. on the Question of
Indemnity. .
Committee to Be Chosen to Rcccivj
Money From China, and Three
Years Given In Which to
Make First Payment.
Success of Allied Vil
s lages the Cause of
•Fresh Trouble.
OUTBREAKS
OF BOXERS
IN SHANTUNG
CONEMAUGH ARRIVES FROM CAPE NOME
AND ST. PAUL SAILS FOR GOLDFIELDS
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at' Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low- waters occur 1 at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both 'places.
TUESDAY. JULY. 30.
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, 23 days from
Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Monday, July 29.
Stmr St Paul. Hays, St Michael and Un
alaska: Northern Commercial Co.
Stmr San Bias, -Cattatlnich, Panama and
way pcrts; Pacific Mail.SS Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr "Wellington, Salmond, Oyster Har
bor: R Dunsmulr's Sons Co..' ... "'
Ship Emily F Whitney, Brigman, Honolulu;
Alexander & Baldwin- (Ltd). : l .
SAILED. ¦ . .
' Monday, 'July 29. ¦
Stmr Progreso, Parker. Tacoma. i
Stmr AV H Krueer, Kro*. Tillamook.
Stmr St Paul, Hays. Non-a and 1: Michael.
Stmr San Xilxa, Cattarinich, Paucin-i aid
way ports.
Stmr Point Arena, Hanssn, Meridocino.
Stmr Scotia. AA'alvig, .
Schr Transit. Poulsen, Eureka.
Schr Free. Trade, Thorsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Albion, Larsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Volant, 5rratt. . .
Schr Emma Cttor. Allen, Coos Kay.
SPOKEN.
July 11. lat 21 X, Ion 23 W— Fr bark Oliver
de Gllsson, from Perarth, for San Francisco:
July 20, lat 20 N, Ion 18 W— Br bark Earl of
'Cadogan, from Antwerp, fee Vort Los Ange
les. . .
Per stmr Pleiades, July 16, lat S 31 N, Ion
105 15 W — Ger shin Schwarzenbek, from Car
diff, for Santa Ros-iiin. .
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Alcazar, from San Pedro, July 29—
On July 29, about 1»£ miles off Point Montara.
spoke the bark Andrew Welch, from Honolulu,
for San ¦ Francisco, in dense fog and calm.
Towed her to San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
' SAN DIEGO. July 29— Arrived, stmr Iaqua,
and reports July • 28, 23 miles SSE of Piedras
Blancas spoke- stmr Samoa, with broken shaft.
Refused a tow.
> ¦ TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 29, 10 p m— Weather
fog-gy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived July 28— Stmr Alliance,
hence July :'7.
Sailed July 28— Schr Laura Pike, for San
Francisco. July 29 — Bktn J L Eviston, for
Sydney.
ST MICHAEL— Sailed July 18— Whaling stmr
Karluk. . •
NOME— In port July 18— Stmr Jeanie, from i
Seattle.
Per stmr ConemauKh— Stmr Discovery was"
ordered home by the Inspectors. Saw her In
Bering Sea.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 28— Stmr Empire,
hence July 22; stmr Mandalay, hence July 24.
Sailed July 29 — Stmr Empire, for San Fran
cisco. --
Arrived July 28— Schr Western Home, hence
July 14.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July. 29— Stmr Aberdeen,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 29— Stmr Geo W
Elder, hence July 27.
Sailed July 20— Nor stmr Thyra, for Hong
kong:.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed July 29— Stmr
San Mateo. for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived July 29— Stmr Iaqua.
from Eureka: Br stmr Carlisle City, hence
July 27. - ' .
NEAH BAY— Passed in July 29— Br stmr
Buckingham, from St Michael, for Vancouver;
stmr Brunswick, from St Michael, with stmr
Ruth in tow.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DUBLIN— Arrived July 26— Br ship Merion
eth, hence March 29.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 27— Stmr
Tacoma, from Tacoma. •
AUCKLAND— Sailed July 27— Stmr Sonoma,
for San Francisco.- ..• •
FLUSHING— Passed Ju!y 26-Br ship Queen
Margaret, rrom Antwerp, t«r New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 29— Stmr Vader
land, from Antwerp, for Southampton; stmr
Tauric, from Liverpool. .
GIBRALTAR-Sailed July 29-Stmr Cailbra,
from Naples, for New York; stmr Victoria,
from New York, for Naples. • . ¦
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 29— Stmr Sax
onla, from Boston.
GENOA— Arrived July 29-Stmr Georgia,
from New ! York, via Marseilles. •
GLASGOW— Sailed July 27— Stmr Laurentlan,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 2S— Stmr Koe
nigen Luise, from Bremen, for New York. - ;
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July -26-Stmr Empress
of Japan, from Hongkong, .Shanghai, Hiogo
and Nagasaki, for Vancouver.
Sun rises 5:10
Sun sets ' 7:21
Moon seta 4:22 a. m.
Automobiles as Transport Wagons.
Experiments In France have proved convinc
ing, and the French believe they are certain
to play a role of much importance in modern
warfare. It is odd to note the different uses
to which nature and science are put.- On the
battlefield they fight for the destruction of lire,
while throughout the country, Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters fights to preserve it. For fifty
years the Bitters has been curing dyspepsia, in
digestion, constipation and biliousness. It will
also prevent malaria, fever and ague.
A Financial Success.
At no time In the history of the State has
there been such a determined effort on the part
cf enterprising firms and corporations to bring
to the notice of the consumer the various ex»
cellent food products of California as Js now
being made, and the results already obtained
are most gratifying.
The moft marked success is that of the Fig
prune Cereal Company of San Jose. This com
pany be^aa operations Jn a Fmall way last
August and the demand for its product, - Fig
prune Cereal, a delicious cereal coffee, has in
creased with such rapidity that the erection of
a fai-tory large enough to meet the requirements
of the Eastern trade Is necessary.
Plans for a modern plant with a- capacity,
when fully equipped, of one million cases per
year have been prepared and ground for the
ceu- buiJdins w'JI be broken next month.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of. occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — > sign precedes. the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by. the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographies Office, fj. S.N., Mer
chants' Exchange,. San Francisco. CaL
July. 29, 1901. .; . ./:
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
i. t e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at f
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. • '..'., ,
, C. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
. ' , .Monday, July 29.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from- Eureka.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 53Vi hours from Port
land, via Astoria 42 hours. ...
Stmr Conemaugh, Baring, . 14 days from,' St
Michael, via Nome 10 days.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 43 hours from San
Pedro. ;¦'¦¦**;. • ' . ¦ v . •
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 96 hours ' from Ta
coma. ¦ ' ¦ ' .•*:"¦..
Br Btmr Wellington, Salmond, 3ft days from
Oyster Harbor. , >.:' • . ; .
Br ship Achanashie, Longmuir, 60 days from
Talcahuano. ; . ¦
-. '-¦: . . )
San Bias for Panama.
The Pacific Mail Company's San Bias
mailed for Panama and way ports yester
day. She was detained nearly an hour
waiting: for thirty Chinese who were to
have been transferred from the Coptic.
The customs authorities were not through
with the Mongols, however, so they did
not eet away. ¦ ;_.
The cabin passengrers of the San Bias
were the following named:
Mrs; II. J. Ruiz and three children, Miss
C Ruiz. Mrs. J. Ezeta, Luis Foncea. C. V.
Thompson. C. F. Hamilton, Alberta Martinez,
Miss Cecilia Ovalles. R. P. Tagle and eon,
Victor Otten M. Gradwohl. A. YVeimer, J. A.
Jiminez. H. U. Taylor. W. A. Erskine, Mrs.
II. Kartwoofl and H. Wickede.
STEAMSHIP SAMOA DISABLED.
Broke Her Shaft While Bound From
Mendocino to San Pedro.
The steam schooner Samoa while bound
from Mendocino for San Pedro broke her
shaft last Saturday night and is now
making her way south under canvas. Sun
day she was spoken by the Iaqua and
offered a tow. but the captain refused,
eaylngr he was doing- very well as it was.
The Iaqua was twenty-five miles south
east of Piedras Blancas when Captain
Gunderson sighted the Samoa. The Sa
moa has been three years In service, and
this Is her first mishap. This is the
fourth trip the Iaqua has made since she
was repaired after having been ashore on
Duxbury Reef.
MA2T5T NEW APPOINTMENTS
MADE 3Y PRESIDENT
Charles L. Davis and Samuel' Whit-
all Will Rank as Lieutenant
Colonels of Infantry.
WASHINGTON, July 2H.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
T\*ar — Infantry: Charles L. Davis and Samuel
"W3i:ta!I, lieutenant colonels; Robert R. Ames
Rnd Kobert X. Getty, majors; captains, artil
lery corps— William C. Chamberiain, Charles
P. Summorall. "W. M. Cruikshank, Gordon G.
William P. Pence. James M. Williams, Dwlght
E. Aultman. Alston Hamilton, John C. Gil
more Jr., Rogers R. Gardner, Joseph L. Knowl
ton. Conway H. Arnold Jr.; Henry B. Fairer
End Clifton C. Carter, as lieutenants, artillery
ccrps; Vernon K. Earthman. surgeon of volun
teers, rank of major; Michael A. Roberts and
William M. Wooten. assistant surgeon of vol
unteers, rar.k of captain.
Navy — John B. Collins, to be commander;
Thomas T. Craven. Kenry C. Mustla. S. M.
Wood ar.d Charles L r Poor, lieutenants Junior
prade; James Laven, Frank Carall and H.
Feehan. boatswains.
i> »
Admitted to West Point.
WEST POINT. N. T.. July 29.— The fol
lowing candidates who reported last week
successfully passed the examinations an3
were to-day admitted to the Military Aca
demy as cadets: Rupert A.- Dunford,
Utah; Halsey Dun woody, at large;
Charles K. Lyman, Hawaii; Norman F.
Ramsey. Kansas; George R. Rogers, Cali
fornia: Calvin P. Titus, at large.
Forty-eight reported for examination.
Thirty were successful, six failed, two
were rejected by the medical board and
ten alternates passed for whom vacancies
exist.
The number which passed beats all rec
cords. Titus is the young man who was
the first to scale the wall at Peking. Ly
man of Hawaii is the first cadet appointed
from the Government's new possessions.
The corps now numbers 464 cadets, within
eighteen of the full number provided for.
Congressional Committee in Utah.
SALT LAKE. July 29.— The members of
the House Rivers and Hafbors Commit
tee, who are returning to Washington
after an extended inspection of the Pa
cafic Coast, arrived in this city from the
Northwest earjy to-day. During the day
the party was driven around the city,
called upon President Snow of the Mor
mon church, listened to a special recital
on the great ore-an in the Mormon Taber
nacle and visited Saltair. where they
took a dip In the Great Salt Lake. To
night the party resumed its journey east
ward. They w:ll spend two days at Colo
rado Springs, one day in Denver and are
scheduled to arrive in Chicago on Sunday.
Yacht ITahma Axrives at Christiania
CHRISTIANIA, July 29.-The American
yacht Xahma, having on board Mrs. Rob
ert Goelet. the Duchess of Luynes and a
party of friends, has arrived here.
North American Commercial
1 Company's steamship Conemaugh
¦ arrived from Nome direct yester
1L ' day morning and during the after
noon the St. Paul of the same
company sailed for the gold fields. The
Conemaugh brought down no passengers
and but little freight. From St. Michael
and Nome came $651,000 in gold dust, all
consigned to the owners of the vessel.
There was only one steamship — the Dis
covery — at Nome when the Conemaugh
left and she had been ordered home by
the inspectors of hulls and boilers.
The Conemaugh is a freight boat, and
on her last trip north took up eighty head
of beef cattle, eighty horses, 1000 sheep
and 500 hogs. These were all landed at
Nome in twenty-four hours and the peo
ple got their first taste of fresh meat in
ri'Oiiths the next day. The officers of the
steamship say that Nome and Teller are
overrun with cheap labor, men being
willing to work for their prrub. At St.
Michael men could not be procured to han
dle the freieht and a '.steamer had to be
sent to Nome to bring down laborers.
The Conemaugh brought downline re
mains of the wife'of Colonel H. C. Leacb.
They were taken in charge by an under
taker and will be buried to-day.
The St. Paul took away a very large
general cargo and about thirty passen
gers. Among- those who went away on
the steamship were two brides, one bride
to-be and a lady who was so anxious to
get north that she left all her baggage
behind and sailed for Nome in the clothes
in which she stood. The St. Paul's cabin
passengers were: : :
Mrs. Lancaster and child. Mrs. Muldowney,
M'ss A. Hill. James Hill. Miss M. Hill, Mrs.
John Vhitley. H. L Dixon, S. Carter, Mrs.
S. Carter. Mrs. J. S. McCann. J. D. Will.
Mrs. J. II. Baker. J. S. McCann, Mrs. H.
Turner Miss E. Thomas, W. A. Maxwell, Mrs.
A. Zipf. A. Meyer, "\V. F. Gibson and wife,
F. R. Gibson, H. C. Pasquale, F. B. Mal
donado. Miss S. Elden, Mrs. M. L. Washbura,
Mrs. E. Lundberg and Cora Hepworth.
Mrs. S. Carter Is one of the brides. Her
husband is the agent of the Standard Oil
Company at Nome, and a few days ago
he arrived here to get" married. He is
now returning with his bride> Mrs. ' A.
Zipf is the other bride. She was formerly
Miss Sadie Walsh, the actress, and her
husband is in the employ of the North
American Commercial Company. He went
north on the last steamship, and ¦ she is
now following him. Miss E. Thomas is
the bride-Jo-be. She is going north to
marry Oliver Marston, a Nome merchant.
Cora Hepworth is the lady who caught
the St. Paul at the last moment. Noth
inpr is known about her save that she
was In a desperate hurry to £et north.
She asked that her baggage, be sent after
her on the Conemaugh, and then taking
a hack dashed down to the front and
caught the last boat out to the steam
ship. Should the Conemaugh be tied up
by the strike Miss or Mrs. Hepworth will
have to buy a new outfit at Nome.
Other passengers by the St. Paul were
Mrs Turner, whose husband is employed
by the North American Commercial Com
pany at Nome, and Mrs. M. L. Washburn,
wife of the superintendent of "the same
concern. Mrs. E. Lundberg is going north
to join her husband.
Bark Andrew Welch in Trouble.
The sugar packet Andrew Welch had a
narrow escape from going on Montara
Reef yesterday morning. She made a long
run from Honolulu and when the coast was
reached a dense fog came down. - Then a
dead calm fell and the current took com
mand of the bark. At 7:30 a. m. the cap
tain found that Montara Reef was only
a mile and a half away and that his ves
sel was drifting down on it. Luckily the
steam schooner Alcazar came along and
offered a tow, which was gladly accepted.
The steamer at once put a line aboard and
towed the Andrew Welch Into port.
Water Front Notes.
The British bark Acnashie arrived from
Talcahuano yesterday in ballast. She Is
under charter to load wheat for Europe.
The steamer Ruth has finally reached
Beattle and will be overhauled there.
After being got off the beach at Golofnin
she was towed to Nome by the Santa
Ana, -then the Brunswick took hold and
tewed her to St. Michael and at the latter
place the Buckingham took her In tow
and brousht her to the Sound.
Frank Herbert, a lad of 10, was nearly
drowned yesterday. He was fishing from
Washington-street wharf and, losing his
balance, fell overboard. He was pulled
out by a bystander and sent to the Har
bor Hospital, where his clothes were
dried. Afterward the lad was taken to
his home at 611 Ellis street. • :
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Pleiades will load coal at Seattle for
this port.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Cargo on the Panama Steamer.
The. steamer Sarj Bias sailed yesterday for
Panama and v/ay ports with a. general carjro
manifested up to 3 p. m. as follows: For Cen
tral America, 123,178; Mexico, $2037; Panama,
J107T., making a total value of $26,290. The
cargo Included the following merchandise:
Ftor Central America— 5 pkgs agricultural Im
plements, Sao lbs bread. 204 pkgs bottled beer,
iH lbs beans. 25 cs candles, 4 coils cordage, 63
cs coal oil, 3 tons coal. 16 cs canned goods,
50.537 lbs corn, 14 cs drugs, 15 bales dry (foods,
261 lbs dried fruit, US plcgs fruit, 2132 bbls flour,
470 pkgs groceries and provisions, 44,298 ft lum
ber, 20 bales hay. 64 cs liquors, 37 kegs white
end red lead, 32 kegs nails, 19 cs lubricating
oil, 249 pkgs paints and oils, 241 crs potatoes,
16 bdls paper, 33 bdls pipe, 36.417 lbs rice. 800
lbs soda, 2S pkgs ship chandlery, 8546 lbs tal
low, 31 pkgs tank material, 66 cs whisky, 20
cs 1134 sals v.-ine.
For Mexico— 37 cs books and stationery. 107
pkss groceries and provisions, 63 cs hardware.
THE STEAM SCHOONER IAQUA SPEAKING THE DISABLED SAMOA. THE LATTER WAS ON HER WAY
FROM MENDOCINO TO SAN PEDRO, WHEN HER SHAFT BROKE. SHE IS SLOWLY PROCEEDING TO
HER DESTINATION UNDER SAIL.
6pedal Dlf patch to The Coll.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 O STREET. N.
W\, WASHINGTON. July 29.— Until, they
are called by the Dexrey court of inquiry
end make under oath statements of any
information they may possess, officers of
the navy must refrain from publicly dis
cussing the Bampson-Schley controversy.
Secretary Long issued to-day the gen
eral order he decided upon last week as a
result of the discussion then in progress.
This Is the order:
Xavy Department,
¦WASHINGTON'. D. C. July 29. 1901.
Geieral- order No. 12— All persons in the naval
service are strictly enjoined to refrain from
any public statement concerning the subject
matter of the court of inquiry requested by
Hear Admiral W. S. Schley.
JOHN B. LONG, Secretary.
TVhile there is a general naval regula
tion which forbids officers from publicly
talking- about matters pertaining to the
personnel of 'he naval service without
express authority from the department,
no attention wis apparently paid to that.
Testifying under oath, the exact truth
will be obtained, and the Secretary be
lieves that thj country would prefer to
wait until it can be thus obtained.
Xo intimation has been received by the
department from Rear Admiral Schley
that he desires any change in the precept
issued by the department relative to the
investigation to be made by the Dewey
court of inquiry. If Rear Admiral. Schley
objects to that provision directing an in
quiry into '•circumstances attending and
reasons for disobedience," of which he is
alleged to be guilty, the Secretary -will
take under consideration the advisability
of making- a change. This specification of
the precept was particularly drawn, and
the department used as a basis for the
language employed Admiral Schley's own
words, "much to be regretted, cannot obey
orders of the .iepartment."
Secretary Long Issues the Or.
der Forbidding Any Pub
lic Statement
No Intimation Received From Roar
Admiral Schley That He Desires
a Change in the Wording
. of the Precept
Men of the Naval Service
Muzzled on Schley
Inquiry.
ALL TALKING
MUST BE DONE
UNDER OATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY . 30, 1901.
5
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
______ ________ . .
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock. 5 pm Pier 2
Walla Walla. Pugct Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonita San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
July 31.
New-burg- Seattle & Everett.. 12 m Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
I\"oyo Humboldt 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal.. San Dle^o & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Acme Slurlaw River 3 pm Pier 13
Hermonthis.. Hamburg & Way Swall2
AnRiMt 1.
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2*
> August 2.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coptic China and' Ja nan.. 1 pm PMSS
AuK-*t 3.
Despatch Seattle & Falrhavn 5 pm Pier IS
Rival "Willapa Harbor 12 m 5th st.
Conemaugh. . Nome & St. Michael Pier —
Corona San .Diego 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Anpruiit 4. . .
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
San Pedro.... Humboldt 1Q am Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
AnsriiMt 5.
Santa Barb.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Mandalay Coqullle River 10 am Pier 2
Point'Arena.. Point Arena.. 2 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Senator Nome direct Juiy 30
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 1
Conemaugh Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 1
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Victorian Skaguay & "Way Ports Aug. 3
Farallon .". Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. fi
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 8
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 8
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Aug. 10
Centennial Nome & Teller City Aug. 10
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Noyo Humboldt July 30
Australia Tahiti July 3J
Anubis Hamburg & Way Ports July 3U
Empire Coos Bay July 30
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports July SI
Eureka Humboldt July 31
Matteawan Tacoma July SI
Acme San Pedro July 3t
San Pedro .. Humboldt July 31
Bristol Comox July 31
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 1
Corona Newport & Way Ports Aug. 1
.¦North Fork Humboldt Aug. 1
Rival Willapa Harbor Aug. 1
Arcata Coos Bay...-. Aug. 1
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 1
Aconcagua Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 1
America Maru. China and Japan Aug. 2
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Aug. 2
Point Arena Point Arena Aug. 2
T.Iandalay Coqullle River Aug. 2
Despatch San Pedro Aug. 2
Pomona Humboldt ..'...:.. Aug. 3
G. W. Elder.^.. Portland & Astoria...! Aug. 3
Milton Xanaimo Aug. 4
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Aug. 4
Coronado Grays Harbor Aug. 4
Santa Barbara. San Pedro ., Aug. 4
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 4
State of Cai.:.. San Diego '& Way Pts. Aug. 4
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 5
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W L W H W
30 '.. '4:37—0.5 11:45 4.8 4:24 2.6 10:29 S.9
31 .. 5:15—0.5 32:19 4.9 6:10 2.3 11:16 5.8
1 .. 6:51— 0.4 12:51 5.2 5:57 2.0
HW |LW HW LW
2 .. 0:05 5.61 6:31 0.0 1:24 5.3 6:43 1.8
3 .. 0:56 5. 2f 7:11 0.3 1:59 5.4 7:40 1.5
4 .. 1:50 5.0] 7:57 0.9 2:36 ¦ 5.4 8:39 1.2
5 ... 1:50 5.01 7:57 0.9 2:36| 5.4 8:39| 1.2
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
______ ________ . .
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock. 5 pm Pier 2
Walla Walla. Pugct Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonita San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
July 31.
New-burg- Seattle & Everett.. 12 m Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
I\"oyo Humboldt 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal.. San Dle^o & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Acme Slurlaw River 3 pm Pier 13
Hermonthis.. Hamburg & Way Swall2
AnRiMt 1.
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2*
> August 2.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coptic China and' Ja nan.. 1 pm PMSS
AuK-*t 3.
Despatch Seattle & Falrhavn 5 pm Pier IS
Rival "Willapa Harbor 12 m 5th st.
Conemaugh. . Nome & St. Michael Pier —
Corona San .Diego 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Anpruiit 4. . .
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
San Pedro.... Humboldt 1Q am Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
AnsriiMt 5.
Santa Barb.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Mandalay Coqullle River 10 am Pier 2
Point'Arena.. Point Arena.. 2 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Senator Nome direct Juiy 30
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 1
Conemaugh Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 1
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Victorian Skaguay & "Way Ports Aug. 3
Farallon .". Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. fi
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 8
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 8
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Aug. 10
Centennial Nome & Teller City Aug. 10
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W L W H W
30 '.. '4:37—0.5 11:45 4.8 4:24 2.6 10:29 S.9
31 .. 5:15—0.5 32:19 4.9 6:10 2.3 11:16 5.8
1 .. 6:51— 0.4 12:51 5.2 5:57 2.0
HW |LW HW LW
2 .. 0:05 5.61 6:31 0.0 1:24 5.3 6:43 1.8
3 .. 0:56 5. 2f 7:11 0.3 1:59 5.4 7:40 1.5
4 .. 1:50 5.0] 7:57 0.9 2:36 ¦ 5.4 8:39 1.2
5 ... 1:50 5.01 7:57 0.9 2:36| 5.4 8:39| 1.2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Noyo Humboldt July 30
Australia Tahiti July 3J
Anubis Hamburg & Way Ports July 3U
Empire Coos Bay July 30
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports July SI
Eureka Humboldt July 31
Matteawan Tacoma July SI
Acme San Pedro July 3t
San Pedro .. Humboldt July 31
Bristol Comox July 31
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 1
Corona Newport & Way Ports Aug. 1
.¦North Fork Humboldt Aug. 1
Rival Willapa Harbor Aug. 1
Arcata Coos Bay...-. Aug. 1
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 1
Aconcagua Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 1
America Maru. China and Japan Aug. 2
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Aug. 2
Point Arena Point Arena Aug. 2
T.Iandalay Coqullle River Aug. 2
Despatch San Pedro Aug. 2
Pomona Humboldt ..'...:.. Aug. 3
G. W. Elder.^.. Portland & Astoria...! Aug. 3
Milton Xanaimo Aug. 4
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Aug. 4
Coronado Grays Harbor Aug. 4
Santa Barbara. San Pedro ., Aug. 4
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 4
State of Cai.:.. San Diego '& Way Pts. Aug. 4
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 5
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* I«mv» nml urn <int> to nrrlit m
MAN riUNUIMCO.
(Main Line. Foot ot AUrfcet Street)
lkatk — From Jclt It, 1901. — AKKIT>
7:OOa Beuicli. Suisuu, Elmlra and Sacra-
meuto «:a«p
7:««A Vac»Ule. "Wi&t«~3. Bumoey T:J3r
• <s3Wa ManUno/., San Kauinii, Va'.lejo, N»p»,
e«.ligtog» and Hsute Iloga OiSSr
8:0<» a D»tU, Woodland, Kuignu Landing,
MariSTllie. Orotllle ..* 7:31 r
S>OO« A'lautlc Kxpreu — Ogdeu udEut 12:33r
XiOttA Niles, Lithrup, Stockton »sa.>r
»:»OiMles, Mendota, Hanford. V»»U*.
Poiterrille 4:35p
SiSOa Shasta Express— Daris, Williams (for
Kartlett Springs). WUlowi, Bod
Bluff. Portland. 7iS3r
»i*o* B>u .loae. Llrormore, .Stockton,
lone, Hacranmnti). rUcrrTllle,
MarjiTllln, Chleo. lte<1 llliilt 4t23p
S>80« Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemite), So~
nora. Carters 4>S3p
•:OOa Hayw.rd. Nilrs aud Way 3tat;ou«. . 1 1 tM a
•rOOA VsUejo \*-Mt
»:UU a Los Angelas Express — lUrtlnex.
Tracy, Litthrop. ritockton, Merced
Freauo and Los Acsreles 7:23y
•:8«A V»l|r]». Martluei ami Way Stotlona ":."»¦>?
IO:OUA. Ths Orerlami Limited — Ogdeu. D«n-
Ter, Oinah*. Chlca«n 6>53r
fl:00p S»oraiu«nto Illfer Stomiiern JSiOiia
8:3Or Hsyvard. Nll^i »ad W»j SUtiona.. 7:33r
4s«IUr Ueuieia. Winters. Haoramanto.
WowlUnd. KulKhU Landing.
Marynille. OraTllls 1«:33a
4iOOp Martiuez, Hun llauion, Vallejo, '
N»l>n. (-'allatoxa. H»nt» Rom "iStSi
4:00p Niles, Lhermore. Stockton. Lodl... IS>23r
4:»i»r Hayward. Mies. San. Iimo, LlTcrmora fSi»3A
4i30p Port Cos'a. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton IOsSSa
5:OOjp TIib Owl TJmited— Fieauo, Tularo,
Bakenfleld, bangns for 8»nta> Bar>
bara, Los Angeles S:99«
B:OOpMsrtinrz. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno 12:23?
B:O»r Yoaemite 1X>S3»
Bs34tr New Orleans ExpreM — Mendotm,
Freeno, Bakerttteid, Los Angeles,
Dcming*. El fuo, New Orle*o*
•nd £ist 71.IS4
B:OOp Hayward, Niles and San Joss ?'33*
f«:O«ir Vallejn 1 1>33\
«iO» ir Oriental Mail— Ogdeu, Cbeyenn*.
Omaha, Chicago I3s23r
OsOOr Oriental Mall— Ogdon, Denver.
St. Louis. Chicago. 4>S3r
7i00r Oregon aud California Kxpreaa.Hao.
rameiitn. Marjatllle. Iteililtng,
I'ortlaml. rugei Mound and Kaat 8:33a
8i«3rS»n Fablo, Fort Coats, Martinea
•nd W»y SUUons 11i23a
t»iO3p Vallejo 7^3p
COAST LINE (Narroif tlaage).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
' «i43a Santa CruzExcnnian to danU Crm
•nd Principal W»y Stations J»:03>
Si13a Newark. Cen ter»IUe,8aa.)oso.F««lton,
lloaldef Cxcek.S&uta. Crux aud Way
SUtioiis B*S»»
f*il8r Newark, Cen ter villa. Ban .Tote, New
Alm>d«n, Felton, Ifonidor Creek,
8«nU Czus and Principal W»r
SUtiona 1«Ii30a
4<ISr Newark. Han Jo»«, Los Gates t«if»»A
«48lSp01enwood.BonlderCteek.8»i>t«iCrn» «»i3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
fna SIS riljasCO— fooi of Muktt Street (SU) D— -
17:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1:03 1:00 B:lSr.M.
rrimOlIURt— r»U(Biu4nj.- t«:OO t8:0O 18K)»
10:00 a.m. 13:09 9:00 4:00 r.W.
COAST LINE (Broad Gangs).
(Third and Townaend Sta.)
~ «:IOa S*n Jos« and Way Mtationa.. ........ «i3«a J
f7:«OA Han Jos* ami Way Stations li»«r
/7i««a New Aliuaden / 4«10»
J7:!XUa Sunday Exrarsion for Ban Jew,
Ranta Crux. Ptciflo Grora aud m •
Prlndpml Way SUtiona. 1S«3»»
titSiHin Jihio. Hollister. Mtuita, Cms.
- FaeiUe Urine, Salinas. 8»a Lsls
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Pxin>
dpal intermediate Htatlona 7iS0t
10«30a Sin Jcie and W»y SUtion*.. 0»30f
¦ ItSOA Sail Joaa ami Way HUtious 5iU«f
t»: l.lif San Matso. ltadwood. M»nlo Fuk,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .Jose.
EoVIstar, Santa Crm, Sailnaa,
Monterey ami Pacific (?ro»9 tl0i43*
•iSOp Ban Joae, Trea Pinos. Santa Cruz,
' . Fadflo Grore and Way Stations 4:1 Or
t4i I »r San Joae aud Principal Way .Stations Ui4»a
tSiOOrSan Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
. WaySUtions fthOOi
St3l>r San Jots ami Prinoipal Way Station! 8i36a
•iOOp Redvoad, Han Joa«, Gilroy. Salinas.
" Santa Barbara. I^o* Angeles 10:03a
•iSflr San Jose ami Way Stations t«i««4
«ll:4Sr San Joae ami "Way Stations 7:3»y
A for Morning. P for A f teruooa.
t Sunday excep ted. J Snnday only.
a Saturday only. • (Monday.
« Saturday and Sunday. / Tneadays and Fridays
CALIFORHU HORTHMSTEBH RL COl
LESSEE
S&H FRANCISCO AMD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Markot 8%
' San Francisco co San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:30 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. " Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. •
SUNDAYS-8:00, 9:30. 11:00 "-a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
tsan Rafael to Sa-i Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, »7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:35
and 6:35 p. m. •
SUNDAYS..8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. ;
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901-1 San Francisco.
¦Week 1 Sun- I I Sun- I \Veek
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:3(iam 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma.' 6:05 pm 10:25 am
B:10pm 5:00 pm I Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
, J Fulton.
7 - 30 am "Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7-30 ami 5:00 pm! Hopland (10:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 arc 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6=20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and *
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am]10:25 am
3:30 pmj 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Sprinps and "White Sulphur Springs;- at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skapgs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. "Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Herley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr'o Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. "West-
port, Usal, "Willits, Laytonvilie. Cummins,'
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building.
H. C. •WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. . Ren. Pass. Agt.
4:20 p
7:18 p
9:11 p
10:30 p
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
. Leave Market-street Ferry Depot
I Local I Lim'd I Ovrl'd I Local
I Pally I » | Dally | Dally
Lv. San Kran 7:20 a I 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:05 a 10:30 p
•• Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalla... 3:40 p 4:48 »
•• Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chlcago..|. 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for mornine. p for afternoon.
*»:0O a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnins
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runj
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-clans
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
' Inc: train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday ami
Friday. •
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding: train arrives at 12:S0 p. m.
dally.
- 8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
throuph Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p.- m.
flally. . • .
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. rn. daily.
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. ¦ '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
' Via SaaMlito Tbtct— Foot of M>rkal SI.
ifAvt ban rnAN. - *nniVK iu nt«a.
I-A'iv M WJSCK. WAYS 5-S5 p w
8.-00A. M.l f 12:15 p. ic
9.-00 A. M. ./¦ 1:15p.m.
10:00 A. M. I STTNDATS J 830 F. If.
1130 A. M. I " BD«OAY» < 4;5O p
130 p.m. 650 p.m.
2^S0 p. M. J * I 7:10 P. xc
Pmrs. Su Prraolaes »r> Svaott sad BMn, tl.M
Ticket Offices. 6a Market St.. & SansalUo Perry.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND DUSTLESS.
• Dally Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
Dining Car. Meals a la Cart*. -
— - Library Observation Car. ••» i V
REDUCED ROUiN'D TRIP RATES TO
EASTERN POINTS.
: . E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Agt- 633 Market at.
WeeHy Can, $1.00 jerYeap
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lont Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlncron body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor crtres wlien
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
CnrrnKuarantrfd. Cullorwrit*
I»r. J. r. CilBBOJV. bau Francisco. CaL __
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauaallto Furry. '
Commencing April 23. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DATS— «:55. 8:20, «9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45. «l:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *S:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p..m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •9:00, »10:CO. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:43 *l:30. 2:30. *Z:*a. 5:00. «:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. «. ' • •
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *S:23. 6:27, 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a. m.. *12:23. 1:15. 2:20. *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00, 9:45. »ll:0O a. m.. 12
m., 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30. *5:4S. 8:45. 7^0. 10:10
p. rn.
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. -
StTNDATS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15
1:20 2:30: 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15.. 10:30 p. in.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way ita-
tlons.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:13 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EAILWAY TEAVEL.
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
A PRETTY POSTMISTRESS
NARROWLY ESCAPES DEATH
Was Given Up to Die — Eight Doc- f^*^"^^ ¦ ¦¦¦^"'
rn HOUSANDS of women eurtcr from h "^^^drjfafo^^y&fc^/ V^X
nnd hands, sick headache, palpitation of U rniT^^^^ 'Vv^v^W
Peruna at once mitigates all these symp- _
toms by removing the cause. tXijn *f- _ rtv .
Systemic catarrh is the trouble. Sy<*- f ¦ — "^•i^^^. Lr. COX^^^^
temic cataiTh pervades the whole system. W , , unf"^
deranges every organ, weakens every I
function. N.q permanent cure jan ba cided to wrlte to nlm He advlaed p e rur.a
expected until the systemic catarrn is and Manallrlt and after takIng the me ji.
removed. • ... . cine two weeks I felt greatly relieved. My
This is exactly what Peruna will do. head did not , n me an scarce i y> . and
Miss Alma L. Cox^ Assistant Post- my stomach waa rel j e ved of its heavy
mistress of Orum, S. C., writes. feeling. I am so thankful that I can say
"I hava b°en a arsat SUffdrer from after using'several bottles of the PVnma
, . ,. " . , _ land Manalin I am restored to perfect
chrO/lIC disease and dyspepsia for five health.
years. How I suffered no tongue can tell. "Before US/'ng your remedies i
I tried eight or ten of the best physicians V J
without receiving much benefit, also tried could not eat anything. I lived on
lots of patent medicines. But .still I b ar i ey water and Panopeptin for two
suffered with sick headache, cold feet anil years. Now I can eat with pleasure,
hands, palpitation of the heart, ana sucn Everybody is so surprised at my improve-
a heavy feeling in my stomach and chest. ment . Every one says I am looking like a
At times I would be so-nervous I couiq not rose j wou j d adv i se a n suffering women
bear any one around me. I had been gi\ en to take your reme dies. I know if it were
up to die. • not for Peruna and Manalm I would have
"QnB dav a friend Sent me One been in my grave to-day. I cannot thank
_ ,. / , .I a * -r 1 you enough for the kind advice you have
of Dr. Hartman S pamphlets, and I de- g i ven me."— Miss Alma L. Cox.
Dr. S. B. Hartman, President of the Hartman Sanitarium, of Columbus\
0., gives advice to women free during the summer months.
IM «^\ *^^ e rst t^ 11 ' n S t° do when
f^jE . la&!fc\ you have made up your mind to
tiffl W?i\ east 1S t0 as^ e nearest
V w\ Southern Pacific ticket-agent for
\^&j I I a folder descriptive of the
V !c Burlington
rr^s; '¦'/' Overland
cm^pj. JExcursions
M Wpmfflmffll ' * f contains J* ust (^ e informa-
W^^mmSytomjt J tlon y° u neec^ — time-tables; a
r¥ r^«aB»r I rnap; illustrations of Burlington
I • / tourist sleeping cars, and a de-v
/. scription of the scenery en route.
I '¦" ¦¦'¦¦ . / \ ' ¦ ¦ 1 - From Los Angeles Mondays and '
I . / InmrtjhWWMJ W^ne S day S ; San Francisco Tues-
¦ '¦¦¦';• IllllllflllalOlfl a^ s an< * Thursdays — Omaha, Chi-
H -**"^ IbBTrBSillill caco Kansas City, St. Louis —
fMM|^pV IHIl}l»Bl EVERYWHERE east. . -'
jH|^^ 7 \V. D. Sanborn, Gen'l Agt.,
f^l '*'':¦¦'¦¦'•;; ¦ .' :/ ' * ' ' I 631 Market street, San Francisco. ' 6BIRD'S-EYE.VIEW OF THE PROPOSED ZION FROM LAKE MICHIGAN.
"PROPHET" DOWIE GATHERS IN
THOUSANDS FOR HIS ZION LOTS
Notwithstanding they put Bryan on the chutes, the
Ohio Democracy still has troubles. -With Tom John
son on- one. shoulder and McLean ion the otherj the
burden is almost as, wobbly as it .was before.
•Having made such a good impression as Fourth of
July orator: at Philadelphia, Wu Ting-fang has now
been invited \to address a Jewish Chautauqua at At
lantic City, and we may yet hear of him taking -the
stump for tha," Salvation Army.
One; of our Epworth;visitors,.in expressing his de
light with the city, gave especial commendation to
three things: the climate, the streetcar service and the
cleanness of the istreets. \Vhat; more could any one
ask of a visitor with a Christian conscience? *.; :
CIVIL. SERVICE APPOINTMENTS—
M. M., City. "The Civil Service, rules pro
vide that no person in the Executive Civil
Service shall dismiss, or cause to be dis
missed, or make any attempt to procure
the dismissal of or in any manner change
the official rank or compensation of any
other person therein, because of his
political or religious opinions or af
filiations; that no removal shall be made
from any position subject to competitive
examination except for Just cause and
upon written charges filed with the head
of the department or other appointing of
ficer, and of which the accused shall have
full notice and an opportunity to make
defence; and that no person in the Execu
tive. Civil Service shall use his official au
thority or official Influence for the puV
pose of interfering with, an election or
controlling the result thereof. Such rules
also provide that any person' in the
Executive Civil Service who shall wil
fully violate any provision of the Civil
Service act or. rules shall be dismissed
from office." ¦ .. . • •
Doubtless • the Chicago professors have so many
students loafing around their class rooms, asking
questions or submitting papers to be revised, that the
ANOTHER CHICAGO UTTERANCE.
CHICAGO University, under the' potent spell
of the Rockefeller millions, rose as rapidly to
~ eminence as Aladdin's enchanted palace, and
it has been making reputation through the mouths of
its professors about as rapidly as it rose. First came
the announcement of a theory of human valuations,
which one of the professors set forth by way of prov
ing Rockefeller to be greater than Shakespeare. In
quick succession followed manifestos from various
members of the faculty declaring the feasibility of liv
ing on 10 cents a day, the folly of marrying a co-edu
cated woman, the necessity of a continuous stream of
immigration from Europe to prevent the American
people from reverting to the Indian type;, and now
comes the further assertion from' the same learned
source that collegesgoing has become'a'fad among
young men and women in this country arid that a ma
jority of students have^no real ambition for learning
and ought not to be at the universities.-
The expense of trying Earl Russell for bigamy be
fore the House of Lords has been so large that there
is talk in Parliament of abolishing the right of a
nobleman to have such a trial, and so another old his
toric privilege of the British aristocracy is-^about to
perish because it does not suit an age where money
counts for more than birth.
GODWIN'S OATH— Subscriber, Los Oa
tos, Cal. "Take care you are not swear
ing Godwin's oath" ia an' old English cau
tion to any one taking a voluntary and In
temperate oath or making violent pro
testations. It had JLts rise in the follow
ing circumstance related by old-time ra
conteurs: "Godwin, Earl of Kent, was
tried for the murder of Prince Alfred,
brother of Edward the Confessor, and he*
was pardoned. He died at the King's din
ner table while protesting with oaths Isla
innocence of the murder. He is supposed
to have been choked with a piece of bread,
as a judgment from Heaven, having
prayed it might stick In his throat if he
were guilty of the murder. This occurre.l
in 1053." ?'-.-.': .
"Excuse me, 'my dear," he repelled, "but
I cannot. -I have my hands in the dough.'?
—Philadelphia" Bulletin."
Her lover was a bank teller! "When she
was down town one morning she ran Into
the bank and found | him counting money.
; "Oh,. George!", she cried, "como here a
minute.".
One expression of the whist face, though
It is sad, and is told with an effort, is age.
The women may shudder at the thought,
but the fact remains. Intense thought and
daily racking the memory -to remember
what cards have been played' cannot but
deepen the lines and hasten what hereto
fore the women have left for time to ac
complish without their permissionrrM '
. We have all sorts of faces/all varieties
of. countenances, that get their recognized
expressions from close application to some
variety of straining employment. Now we
have , "the whist face" to add to the list.
It is showing itself among the women, and
comes from the whist club habit, which is
rapidly growing, showing its strength not
only at' night, but in the afternoons and
even in the mornings, associated with tea
and wafers, chocolates and bonbons. r
Nature can recover from this sort of
thing when occasionally indulged in, but
when it becomes a habit, practiced almost
daily, and sometimes for two or more ses
sions a day, the expression becomes fixed
and follows the wearer, no matter what
her thought or occupation may be at the
time. ;: vAv.vvl-.
In the whist face you will see the far
away look, accompanied by arched lines
on. the forehead, suddenly- changing to an
expression of inward contemplation, as
sociated with a tightening 1 of the lips.
These expressions come from an acrobatic
mind under training that consists in leap
ing from the first lead, Jump b>vjump,
over each successive play that must be
made, while keeping the mental eye on
the accepted rules, not neglecting to ob
serve and respond to signals.
THE WHIST FACE.
MOLLY MAGUIRES— B., City. The or
iginal Molly Maguires were an association
formed in Ireland more than fifty years
ago, "to protect Irish renters against
heartless and"cruel landlords." It is said
that the organization .took Its name front
a woman named Molly Maguire, who had
taken her cause into her own hands when
a process of eviction was served upon her,
and that she successfully resisted the bai
liffs who had been sent to evict her. The
young men who composed the society used
to dress in women's clothing when en
gaged in resisting a bailiff or other offi
cers employed by landlords.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, July 20.— The fol
lowing Californlans reported to-day at the
Raleigh— R. A. Thomas of Los Angeles;
at the Shoreham— Francis J. Heney» of
San Francisco; at the National— G. A.
Dorsey and R. O. Lincoln of San Fran
cisco.
Calif ornians in Washington.
MAZUZA— F. R. H., City. The little roll
of parchment sent to this department for.
examination is a Mazuza. which is a
prayer used to a very- great extent by the
European Jews to ward off evil. It is
placed in a small tin tube having a small
opening in it and bearing: on its face the
word Shaddal (Almighty). -It la then
nailed at the upper part of the left side
of the main door of- a dwelling.
TO ATHENS— Subscriber, Caltetoga,
Cal. Tho schedule time for the transmis
sion of a letter from San Francisco to
Athens, Greece, Is sixteen days; that is
the actual time occupied in transporta
tion. If the letter leaving San Francisco
arrives in New York in time to make con
nection with one of the Atlantic liners
carrying mail to that destination it will
reach Athens within the time stated.
OBSTRUCTED LIGHT-S., City. The
following is given as the obstruction there
is to light by the use of glass of different
kinds: Common window glass, 9 per cent;
clear glass globe, 12 per cent; clear 4 glass
globe with slightly ground flowers, 24 per
cent; glass globe of the usual pattern, 35
per cent; globe of ground glass, 40 per
cent; opal globes, 60 per cent; pointed opal
globe, 64 per cent.
THREE-HANDED EUCHRE— F. J..
City. Hoyle lays down the rule In a
three-handed game of euchre, commonly
called \ "cut-throat euchre," that If two
players go out together In consequence of
a euchre the leader hand of the two wins.
MACHINISTS— A. S.. City. At the time
the machinists went out their demand was*
ten hours* pay for nine hours' work and
a rate for overtime, namely, one and one
half rate until .midnight and double rate
after midnight.
TUESDAY. JULY. 30, 1901
JOHN D.SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
k&irtt* All Communication! to W. 8. LEASE, Hunger. .' }
JIOAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»» 204
T-ijmacATiojroTFFlcETTTM
Telephone Press 201. .
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to 221 Ste-renson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Dellrered l»r Carriers, IS Cent* Per Week.
Simple 7 Copies, 5 Cents.- ¦
Terms by Mall, Inclndtns; Postasrei" -.
DAZL.T CALL. CnehaainB Sundar).' one year.. .IS. 00'
DAILY CAU. (Including; Sunday), , € months....... 8.00'
DAIX.T CALL fincludlnc Bandar). I months... 1.S0
r»AIt.T CAU>-By Elnr> Month <!Se
FnNDAT CALU One Tear., 1.B0
WEEKLT .CALI* One Tear.i 100
All postmasters rtre authorized to receive
¦nbscrlptlons.
Eifl3P*« ecple* trill be forwarded whw requested.
Kan »ube«1ber9 !n orderlnc change of address should be
pertlcnlar to rl^e both NEW AND OLI> ADDRESS In order
to lrrnre a prompt and correct compliance with their request
OAKLAXD OFFICE./ 1118 Broadiray
C. GEORGE KHOGVKSS. . .
Kutger forelgB Adrertisisg, H»rqcett» Building, Cbitsjj.
(Leer Dlrtance Telephone "Central I619-")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: .
C. C CAni/ro\ ; . . .Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHEJT B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breatano, SI Cnloc Square;
Uerray Hill BoteL
BRATTCH OFFICES— ES7 Montcemery. corner of (Say. open
cntn »:tO o'clock. SCO Hares, open until 9:S0 o'clock. CSS
McAllister, open until >:S0 o'doch. 615 Larkln, open until
t:» o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
eoraer Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. jr?c Valencia, open
until I o'clock. 10( Eleventh, open until t o'clock. NW.
• ecrner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until * o'clock.
??00 Flllmnre. open until » p. m.
COMPROMISING SOHLEY'S CASE.
I"T™1 VER. since the controversy arose between the
r""< partisans of Admiral Sampson and Admiral
¦*— ' Schley, the yellow journals have been doing
their best to make the most of it and to gain some
thing of popularity for themselves by posing as the
advocates of Schley. The call for a court of inquiry
to investigate and report upon the charges made
against Schley has given these journals a new oppor
tunity for displaying their activity and making fools of
themselves and they have been prompt . to take
advantage of it.
Already they have set to work urging their readers
to "write to the President" demanding "protection"
for Schley. A more foolish proceeding could not
well be devised. The President has no power over
the court and if he had it would not be proper for
him to interfere in its proceedings. The only stage at
which he can interfere in such matters is that of
pardoning persons who have been convicted. There
fore to write to the President now is tantamount to
an expression of a belief that Schley has been guilty
of some wrong and ought to be pardoned.
Such a misrepresentation of Schley's attitude does
him gross wrong. He himself requested the court of
inquiry. He goes before it to vindicate himself against
aspersions that have been put upon him by his
enemies, and the persons who^are persuaded to write
to the President will injure rather than help Schley,
for they will give his enemies an opportunity to assert
that he is afraid of the very investigation he asked for
and that his friends are trying to help him out by
petitioning the President. *V; .
Another freak in the way of support for Schley
was that of publishing an alleged interview with
Admiral Cervera of the Spanish navy, in which the
Spaniard h reported to have said that Schley is "a
-gallant officer and a high minded gentleman;" and to
have added many other laudatory things. It is
doubtful if any such interview were ever had with
Cervera, but, admitting it were so, what would such
testimony be worth? Does any sane man suppose
""that Cervera, in talking for publication about the
commande« of the fleet which destroyed his own,
would say anything derogatory to his courage or his
skill? Would Cervera assert he had been conquered
by a coward? ~ m ¦
Do the yellow journals or do any of their readers
believe that Admiral Schley needs petitions to the
President or the testimony ofSpaniards at this junc
ture? Has he not in the record of his glorious victory
ample proof of his seamanship, his valor, his ability
as a tactician and his loyalty?
Of course there is no way of preventing the yellow
journals from making such use of the occasion as
they deem most advantageous to themselves, but it is
a shame that, a gallant hero who has been assailed
already in so mean a manner by slanderous foes
should, now that he has summoned them to court,
have his ca?e compromised by sensational fakers.
Schley does not need nor do his friends ask for any
such defense as the yellow journals have put forward
for him. His case was well put by his son, Captain
Schley, in the recent stafement:
"When the court of inquiry meets I would like to
have the privilege of asking Admiral Sampson just
one question— 'If the battle of Santiago had resulted
in defeat, to whom would the blame have been at
tached?* This. I think, tells the situation in a nut
shell. If Admiral Schley' had lost the battle he would
have been blamed. He won it, and he should have
the credit."
We believe there will be no disputing that proposi
tion. The ''hero of Santiago is the' officer under whose
command the battle was fought and won.' That he
has fiad powerful foes is now evident, but powerful
as they are and grievously as they have injured him
it is doubtful if they have done, him more harm than
the yellow journals will do by their method of posing
THE BUNKER CASE— Subscriber, Cal-
Istoga, Cal. The case of Bunker, who waa
charged with the murder of a young
woman by malpractice, was dismissed on
examination before the committing magis
trate.
I NEW YORK, July 29.— The following
Callfornians are In New York: From San
Francisco— T. F. Bonnet, N. Jacobs, F. C.
Kelley, H. Lindley, R. E. Reid, at the
Imperial; W. H. Dundas, J.Flannagan, at
Gerard; J. J. Gildea. J. M. Kilsarif. at
Herald Square: Miss G. Johnson, at St.
Denis; Misses Koster, Mrs. J. Luddon, J.
W. Wood, Misses Wood, at Manhattan; S.
Livingston, at Cadillac: D. Porter, at
Holland.
From Los Angeles— Mrs. Brayton, W. A.
Clement, , at Grand Union; Misses Clark,
Mrs. J. C. Paulson, at Murray Hill; H.
Laughlin Jr., at Imperial; E. Fullerton,
C. F. Miles, at Manhattan.
From Pasadena — Miss Dowling, at Mur
ray Hill.
Calif orniaus in New York
A. P. McGlnnis of the Santa Fe Rail
road, who recently Rained notoriety
through a damage suit thatxvas filed by
a colored porter who was put off a train
In Mexico, is at the Palace.
Charles P. Brasson, a wealthy resident
of San Jose , and Interested in mining:
properties in Alaska, is staying at the
Palace.
R. Capenburg Is down from Alaska pur
chasing merchandise for his four stores
there and is staying at the Palace.
C. A. Dolph, nephew of the late Senator
Dolph, of Portland, Or., is a guest at the
California.
"W. H. Dall of the United States Geo
logical Survey is a guest at the Occi
dental. .
Drs.' B. E. Wright and .J. Hickey of
Portland, Or., are registered at the Pal
ace.
*Rev. T. G. Keating of Ottawa is stay
ing at the Grand.
TV. H. McClintock, a mining man of So
nora, is at the Lick.
Rev. Father Hugh McNamee of Santa
Cruz is" at the Lick.
A. B. Waters, a banker of Baltimore,
Md.,. is at the Palace.
" Henry Sangster of the Fresno Democrat
is a guest at the California.
E. M. Glidden, a music publisher of Bos
ton, is staying at the Palace.
Marion Biggs Jr., a capitalist of Oro
ville, is a guest at the Grand. - ¦
C. TV. Eastori, a prominent attorney of
Modesto, is a guest at the Grand.
Fred TV. Graves of the Graves music
house of Portland, Or., is in the city.
Colonel TV. Forsyth, the extensive raisin
grower of Fresno, is at the, Occidental.
THE AMERICA CUP— C. G., City. The
America cup Is in the care of the New-
York Yacht Club.
LOUD'S TERM— J. J. X., City. The
term of Congressman Loud will expire
March' 4, 1903.
_ONE OF 1843— N. N., City. A flve-dol
lar piece of 1843 does not command a pre
mium.
Yes, sir," was the answer. "He Is so
anxious to marry her that he's been try-
Ing to pawn his watch to get money for
the license."— Kansas City Journal.
"None that I ever heard of," said the
prosecutor. "Are his Intentions honor
able?"
"That's no crime," said the prosecutor.
•Well, maybe not. But Isn't there some
law to keei> him from making love to
her?"
An old gentleman walked Into the prose
cutor's offlcerecently with an air of se
rious lmpoffance and consulted the As
sistant Prosecutor about a young man
who persisted In making love to his
daughter.
"Well, Uncle Jerry," tusked one of tha
loungers, "how does llvin* In the city com
pare with llvin' in the country?"
""Wai," he said, reflectively, "in the
country, ye know, we wash our necks and
years every day. 'cause hit's the right an*
proper thins to do. but in the bis city 'y
George, ye've Jist rot to do it! An' that,"
added Uncle Jerry, shifting: his quid to
the other cheek, "is differ'nt."— Chicago
Tribune.
Uncle Jeremiah Haycraft had returned
from a visit of a week with his relatives
In the great city, and -was at his custom
ary place in the village grocery store.
"Much obliged. They's a feller two
doors above Dittenhoeffer's as wants to
make a train."— Judge.
Head at "Window— Yes
"Chloride of lime."— Detroit Free Press.
A cabman rang Dlttenhoeffer's doorbell
repeatedly at 3 a. fn. until a head finally
appeared at an upstairs window and
asked: "What do you want down there?"
Cabby— This where Dittenhoeffer lives?
"And what was it?
"Hired girl from some place came la
here this morning and asked for "glory oZ
rhyme.' "
"What did you give her?" "
"A chance to go back and find out what
she wanted."
"Why?
"We've got poets In this neighborhood."
said an uptown druggist to one of hla
regulars.
See the man! " 1 ~ r^
Has the man broken hi3 brassie?
The man has broken his brassie, or
cleek, as the case may be.
Is the man using improper language?
The man is using extremely improper
language.
Indeed, his language is no more Scot
tish than as if he had pounded his finger
or received a plugged nickel in the course
of business.— Detroit Journal.
Mr. Simpson (showing agitation)— Miss
Lucia, there is a communication— that la
—I may say— there are words which I feel
compelled to utter.
Miss Lucia— Oh— don't let me interrupt
you, Mr. Simpson— but wait till I put poo
dle out— he gets awfully mart if anybody
—that is— he's so excitable.— Chicago Rec
ord-Herald.
Johnny (In the garden)— Father! father!
look out of the window.
Father (putting out hi3 head)— What a
nuisance you children are. What do you
want now?
Johnny (with a triumphant glance at
his playfellow) — Tommy Brooks wouldn't
believe you'd got no hair on the top o£
your head.— Tit-Bits.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
r 1 land on which John Alexander Dowie, or Elijah 111,
I as he now calls himself, proposes to establish the great
„¦: I urban colony of his followers, to be known as Zion City,
* lies on Lake Michigan, near "Waukegan, Wis. The Chi-
. cago and Northwestern Railroad passes through the sit©
and another road very near it. ,
The stretch of prairie land has been surveyed and laid off in-
blocks! lots and parks, with streets and avenues between. In
the middle is a large square on which it is designed to place the
Temple of Zion
ah tvi^ ...»„*,, x- rr, nn *,„„_ t3iku__i „„„,„„ bv.-jj- - j
?i, s streets. treets ln Zion have Biblical names. Sheridan road
runs through a part of the town site, but Dowie has changed
the name of this to "Elijah avenue." Among the other avenues
are Gabriel, Ezekiel, Elim, Elizabeth, Eden. Ebenezer, Deborah
Bethany and Bethlehem. There are Bethel, Bethesda, Shiloh
ancTSalpm houipvarrl* nnd niimprniK nthpr thnrm^hfaros >mvo
ii « boulevards, and numerous other thoroughfares have
appellations familiar in sacred, history. .
On the 15th inst. the great sale of lots, or rather leases, was
Inaugurated and expected to continue eight days. Two hundred
thousand people were expected to attend, but not 3000 put In an
appearance. Three hundred lots were sold, giving- in
to Dowle's hands some $150,000. The leases which are
given the dupes in exchange for their cash are for 1100 years,
but are hampered and surrounded by conditions which make it
a matter of option with Dowie to declare the leasehold vacated
if he s«ffrflt. An added clause provides for a return of E0 per
cent of the value in case of the lease being declared vacant. In
price the lots ranged from $270 to $2700. Some buyers were
guided by the names of the streets rather than the location oC
f ots. Th * nearestfcapproach to a rush for particular sites oc
curred when the advance guard discovered Gabriel avenue. Tha
lots on that thoroughfare were soon taken. Many looked'with
longing eyes on the choice locations along Elijah boulevard, but
few selected lots there. The $2700 lots are located on this street.
Some buyers went to Ezra avenue, others to Ezekiel avenue,
whlle stiirothers were satisfied with Enoch. The lowly follow
ers secured the cheapest lots, which are on the numbered
streets. Biblical names came high.
-At the same time a study of the points of difference
between man and the. lower animals gives probability
to Professor Koch's theory. Some animals are lack
ing in~the organic .machinery, required for some of
the,- functions that arc necessary, to the life of man.
Some animals have no gall, and some are immune to
poisons that are fatal to man, while they succumb to
doses of substances that are harmless to man. The
smallest quantity of saltpeter destroys sheep as
effectually as strychnine destroys man. There must
be, then, important physiological differences between
man and his brother" animals, since there are actual
anatomical differences. Animals* have their materia
medica. A cow will seek ribbon grass when . her
appetite is off, as will "a sheep. All animals' of the
sheep kind eat tobacco when" they can get it, and chew
down. a plug of the strongest with an energy and
appetite which show the craving of a natural need of
it. A dog corrects his disordered digestion by eating
grassland all animals of the cat kind seek catnip. . To
the larger varieties of that family it seems to be more
than a medicine, and is a luxury. Any one who has
seen a big lion go into raptures ov.er a' package of
catnip thrown into his, cage. can easily/realize that it
is to him what pipe and glass are to man. A buzzard
is immune to arsenic and fattens on it. Many other
facts may be quoted to show where man and brute
part company, physiologically, anatomically and path
ologically, and every such fact lends some support to
the theory of Professor Koch. . What is, wanted now
is a man to try it on.'
Unfortunately he is limited for experiment to just
one-half the field to be covered by the inquiry. He
has found it impossible to infect cattle with human
tuberculosis, but has . not found any one willing to
serve as the subject to the complementary experiment
of transmission, of the bovine tuberculosis to man.
He is confident, however, of the curability of con
sumption, and if this be demonstrated it should not
be difficult to find some one willing to take the risk
of. enlightening the world as to its origin, by sub
mitting to inoculation with the bovine variety. One
such experiment would not settle the matter, since
nearly, all men are now equally exposed to inocula
tion with consumption through the germs that are
spread broadcast by its victims, but only a percentage
of those exposed acquire the disease. So, many cross
inoculations will be required to prove that bovine
tuberculosis is innocuous to man.
There seem to be but few features in common
between an epidemic and an epizootic. Man' seems to
be differentiated from his brethren of the lower orders
in the animal kingdom. Animals do not have the
eruptive fevers, such as smallpox, measles and scarlet
fever, though these become epidemic among men.
Nor do animals have the enteric fevers, which are
also epidemic under certain conditions. They.- are
free also from the diseases of the alimentary tract
which afflict man. While "colt distemper" in horses
may be said to be the analogue of what are called the
juvenile diseases in man, it is not truly so, since it is
not common to all young horses; does not appear to
leave immunity behind it, nor to be apt to occur in
later life, if escaped in infancy. The epizootics seem
to be distinct in character from epidemics. The
presence of what has been called bovine tuberculosis
is not accompanied by any of the phenomena which
are present in consumption in man. There is no
suspension of nutrition, no / atrophy. The organic'
functions are not impaired. Thejrow is sleek, fat and
alert. So far as symptoms go there is . ground for
going further than Koch, and declaring that the germ
observed in cattle and called the tubercle is a .benign
parasite, innocuous and beneficial. Of course in a
matter of such vast import to mankind, it is wrong to
take any risks, and there should be no relaxation of
milk inspection until wide experiment has made
Professor Koch's reassuring theory a scientific cer
tainty.
There is a backing of probability to Professor
Koch's opinion, aside from the scientific basis which
a man of his eminence may be expected" to have for a
conclusion of such vast import to the world.
Now comes Professor Koch, the most distinguished
bacteriologist in the»world, and declares to. the Con
sumption Congress' of physicians in London that
bovine tuberculosis is incommunicable to man, and
the precautions taken against it may be called off.
SINCE the discovery of a germ in cattle like the
tubercle in man it. has been taken for granted
that the two. were identical, and that tubercu
losis is communicable from cattle to man. So fixed
has this" opinion become that physicians and veterih
aries regard it as an orthodox conclusion of science,
and general efforts have been made to extirpate
bovine tuberculosis by extermination of affected herds.
PROFESSOR KOCH'S THEORY.
It is a bad wind that blows nobody" good, and
accordingly it is not surprising to learn that .the
suburban hotels around the big cities of the East have
coined money out of the hot spell. It is said that
<rt Coney Island hotels the dining rooms, parlors, and
even the bathrooms have been filled with cots for
sleepers who would not go back to the city.
At last we have reached the line of departure beyond
which there can be no division. The call to duty, is
to the real strenuous life. All should answer it. each
in his way, and there is a way for all. If we fail and
say so manfully we lose no prestige. If we fail and
deny it unmanfully we lose all.
Patience, probity, ,moral and physical courage,
abstention from the sordid use of power, respect for
native simplicity and weakness, must all have place in
our administration. . Denying to them their aspiration
for independence and self-government, we are about
to give them what we believe is a better government
than they can give themselves. Will they show kinship
of spirit with us by being "ungovernable by any
power but themselves?" If they do, what will we do?
Will we treat it as treason and deserving punishment,
or will we have the self-control and sense of justice to
salute it as vindication of their manhood? Ethics in
government is invaded by considerations of national
prestige. Perhaps a majority of men believe with the
German Emperor that the noblest instrument is the
sword. But surely a strong minority believe that the
noblest principle is justice. . ,
Now all this is changed. The notes of the war
bugle are growing fainter. The rush of the charge at
quickstep, the thrill of revenge, the thirst for glory,
have but feeble influence, for they are passing, and as
they pass the promptings of the conscience become
vocal and call this nation to harder duties than war
and to possible victories more glorious than are won
in battle.
It may be said with much justice that all men in
some degree share that quality with us. That spirit
in a people may be destroyed by killing the people
whom it inspires, or by wearing out their physical
power of resistance. \ But it is the spirit that has
enfranchised man wherever he has risen from bond
age. It is with the forlorn Boer when night falls upon
the veldt, and he sleeps on his rifle-stock for a pillow.
It nerved Rizal and Aguinaldo in their defiance of
Spanish power in 1896, and, to do them justice, was
the motive of the Filipinos in the hopeless resistance
to our arms, which made us indifferent to their fate,
while it lasted.
The character of the American people will therein
be tested, and over the most righteous performance
of duty will lie the shadow of man's unrest under the
government of any one but himself. Thomas F.
Bayard, while Embassador to Great Britain, in an
address to Edinburgh University for which he was
foolishly criticized, described the American people as
so stubborn and determined, that "they are ungov
ernable by any power but themselves." That is the
finest description and ascription of our national
character that has ever been uttered.
A similar time is already upon us. The Filipino
story of the war against the natives will never be told,
unless some Kinglake shall appear among us to tell
it. And if he do, it will not touch us as we will be
touched by the incidents that are to come in the
government of the islands.
But we are entering now upon the real strenuous
period, which will test us as war cannot test a nation.
The civil and social reorganization of about twelve
millions of people in the Philippines, provision for
their rights and prosperity without abridging our own,
will call for the exercise of genius and manifestation
of character to a degree far beyond any demand of
war. In fact, war is easy compared to the demands
of peace. England was less troubled by India when
Hastings was setting, the natives by the ears, bribing
or hanging them at will, as suited his purpose, and
Give was rising from unsuccessful attempts at suicide
to be the victor at Plassy and the conqueror of an
empire, than when the people of that empire lay help
less upon her conscience, and she was compelled to
listen to the demands of humanity upon her steward
ship. Her reputation suffered t less by the sharp
practices of the "John Company" and the rough riding
of her captains than by the faults and follies of her
civil administration.
The strenuous school hailed with gratification,
which the whole people came to share, the oppor
tunity of the Spanish War, and its results have made
upon the world an impression beneficial to the United
States. It has been put in sharp contrast with the
unfortunate experience of Great Britain in South
Africa, and its brevity and mighty consequences to
an ancient kingdom and once ''powerful empire have
assured to it a high place in history.
THE STRENUOUS PERIOD.
VICE PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT- made the
country familiar with his idea of the "strenu
ous* life." ¦'. It has been held, even by some who
claim the title of philosopher, that nations must have
periods of contention, stress and warfare, lest their
people become stale. It has been argued, too, that
such periods are so fixed by natural law that they
occur, without conscious guidance or procurement,"
seeming to b* a fixed factor in national and natural
life. This country would seem to have; had wars with
sufficient frequency to keep our people in the proper
condition. From 1776 to 1858, .one hundred and
twenty-two years, we had the War of the Revolu
tion, of 1812, the Mexican War, the Civil War and
that with Spain, averaging a conspicuous war every
twenty- four years, so that each generation since the
Declaration has had a smell of powder, to say nothing
of the minor wars with our own Indians, which filled
in the gaps, and, in the case of the long struggle with
the Seminoles, the tribes led by. Tecumseh and the
Sioux, were of sufficient importance to deserve "a place
in the record of military achievement.
In a recent address before the Illinois Bar Associa
tion Judge Tuley of Chicago complained that the
people of the country districts are opposed to the city
and said that every man from the, outside counties
thinks himself "in duty bound to tie up Chicago.". If
all Chicago be like the university the country people
are nbt'tq be condemned. A sort of general tying up
or muzzling would be beneficial.
professors. cannot find time to go fishing or even to
think some original thoughts and write' addresses >q,
the multitude. So long as. salaries remained the same
the professors Would.be willing to dispense with half
their students. By what process they would deter
mine who should go; and who remain is not clear.
Some seemingly dull boys have grown to be very
learned men and some brilliant youths have done
nothing more than marry rich. Moreover, the aver
age young man and young woman in this country have
the notion that universities have been endowed for
their benefit," and they are not far wrong in the opin
ion. > It is their right to have a chance." «No one can
tell whether the 50-cent boy is worth a $10 education
until he hasbeen tried* T
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, JULY 30, 1901.
6
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace rrult 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main IM2. •
Norway is the oniy country in the world
whose banks hold more specie in their
safes than they issue. British banks have
only £70 in hand for every £100 of issue.
Best Way to the Yosenlte.
.Ths Santa Fe to Merced and «;ag 8 thene«
via Merced Falls. Coultervllle. Haa-I Oreen.
Merced Big Trees. Cascade Falls. and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at S ta»
next afternoon. This Is the most popular routs
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at «41 Mar-
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Camp Curry,
Yosemltc. Introduced and maintains the mod-
erate rates of |2 per day. »12 per week: less
than $40 for an eleven-day trip to Yostunit*
via the Big Oak Flat route. 830 Market, or
Santa Fe route. Ml Market st. ' •
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
BestlJver Medicine. VegetableCureforUver Ilia
BllUousnesa. Indigestion. Constipation, Mala.-!*.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramp*. Dr.
Sleserf* Genuine Imported Angostura Bitten.*
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll— "Riffoletto."
California— "'The Case of Rebellious Susan."
Orpneum— VnudevUle.
Columbia— "Garrett CMagh."
Alcasar — ''The Adventures of Nell Gwynne."
Crand Orwra-house — '"The Senator."
Central— "The EJnslzrn."
Olyinpia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo* and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Putro Baths— Swtmmlnr.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Cmbsen & Co.— Monday, August 12, at 12 o'clock.
Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOM FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplating: a. change of
renldeace durlnc the Mummer months can barn .
their paper forwarded by- mail to their new
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
reaorts and la represented by a local agent la
ail towns on the coast.FUTILE EFFORTS
AT CONCILIATION
Continued From First Page.
Continued From First Page.
MANAGERS PLAN
THEIR DEFENSE
A. Burna, a member of the crew of the
transport Meade, was searched while
coming ashore yesterday morning by
Customs Inspector Enlow and- eleven silk
handkerchiefs and nine silk scarfs were
found concealed around his waist. Burna
was arrested on a charge of smuggling.
Sailor Caught Smuggling.
The officers of the union kept. the tele
phone wires hot with messages, but their
endeavors to gain newB of the doings of
The locked-out porters, packers and
.warehousemen waited many hours In Cal
ifornia Hall last night for the official an
nouncement of the action to be taken by
the City Front Federation, i They knew
before they assembled at their meeting
place what action their city front breth
ren would take and. expected the an
nouncement to be made early In the even
ing. As the hours sped by and no messen
ger appeared with the tidings that 'the
members of the federation •¦ had decided to
make their causa its own, , the men be
came uneasy. . ¦ .'. ¦
With Applause.
PORTERS ANP PACKERS.
TTiey Greet Hews of General Strike
Seventy-two of the teamsters who were
Imported to this city by the Draymen's
Association to take the places of the
strikers embarked for their homes in
Bakersfleld yesterday, morning. Before
departure most of them had been won
ovf-r to' the side of the brotherhood and
had been made honorary members. Al
though they had come in passenger cars
at the expense of the Draymen's Associa
tion, they were shipped back in a freight
car attached to a Santa Fe freight train.
The accommodations, although not quite
so commodious, were. very, satisfactory,
as the men were all anxious to get back
to the country away from the strife and
turmoil of city strikes. -;>;.-
Walter McCarty, a union teamster, was
arrested yesterday morning by Police Of
ficer M. J. Filbcn for cutting a rope
which bound a load of goods on a wagon.
Tho mischief was done while the wagon
was being driven up Fourth street with
an officer in charge. McCarty was re
leased on S3 bail.
During the afternoon several minor "dis
turbances occurred in front of the team
sters' headquarters. But almost without
exception thej^ were caused by drunken
men not affiliated with the brotherhood.
Because his wagon became firmly
lodged In the «-ar track on Third street
a>id because the crowd which quickly
collected around the stranded vehicle
ridiculed his awkward attempts to extri
cate it a non-union driver, employed by
McNab & Smith deserted and went over
to the brotherhood. Another non-union
driver employed Ly the same firm while
loading his wagon at Bluxome-street
warehouse was struck by a striker. The
assailant made his escape before an of
ficer could be summoned. ..
A crowd of 200 strikers and their sym
pathizers caused a considerable disturb
ance during the morning: hours . at the
corner of First and Brannan streets.
Three of McNab & Smlth'i heavy trucks,
which were being driven by non-union
teamsters, chanced along:. The drivers
were hooted at and for a while it seemed
that a clash could not bo averted. The
mounted police that accompanied tho
trucks charged and drove the strikers
into the adjoining street*. During the
charge, however, a large glass window
In the front of Osncr & Co.'s saloon was
shattered.
At the Lowell warehouse In the morn
ing a team belonging to Stetson & Ren
ner and driven by a non-union teamster
became stalled. A crowd of ¦ strikers
quickly gathered and jeered at the driver
in his ineffectual efforts to control the
horses, which were excited by the noise.
The crowd finally became so threatening,
that the police were forctxl to drive them
back with their clubs. In the melee
which followed sevcra.1 heads were
cracked.
The striking teamsters were strictly on
their good behavior yesterday and in con
sequence the police reported one of the
most quiet days since the inception of
the struggle. A considerable crowd con
gregated in front of the teamsters' head'
quarters on Fourth street, but they spent
their time in discussing the action which
probably would be taken by the City
Front Federation. It was generally ad
mitted that the federation's decision
would mark the turning point, not only
in tho teamsters' strike but of the box
makers and brewery lockouts and An all
other troubles that are at present agita
ting labor circles.
ances, but Nothing of Magnitude.
Some of the directors suggested that all
shipping be tied up and no attempt made
to send vessels out at all until the trouble
was adjusted, the object being to starve
the strikers out and compel them to con
sent to return to their work. Such policy,
however, would be most inimical to the
interests of th© steamship managers and
it Is not probable that it will be adopted.
STRIKEBS PASS A QUIET DAY.
Police Report Several Small Disturb-
40 cents per hour and 50 cents per hour
for overtime. Owners of vessels point
out that this is in excess of what long
shoremen receive at almost any other
port of the United States. •
The probable action of the ; Steamship
Managers'. Association this' afternoon will
be to issue an ultimatum to the striking
employes, giving them' a specified time
possibly forty-eight hours— in which to re
turn to work. If that is disregarded the
result will be a contest, with a discontin
uance of the present accepted schedule of
wages in case the employers win their
fight. ¦ ¦
As to the request made by me to
them on behalf of tlie Brotherhood of
Teamsters, through Messrs. Furuseth
and Casey, they answer by saying
that they do grant the right of labor
to organise and that in the employ
ment of labor they will not discrimi
nate against men because they are
members of unions;, that they will
not be bound, however, to employ
none but union men; that their con
test as an organized body of employ
ers is against what they believe to be
unjust demands or the abuse of union
ism; that they require their employes
to faithfully obey all instructions and
orders of their employers, save where
such Instructions are contrary to law
or good morals or public policy; that
recently their employes refused to de
liver goods; that they asked them
why they refused and they said be
cause their union so directed them;
that they then asked their employes
if they would obey their employers or
the union, and when they said that
they would obey the union, then they
were dismissed. The employers take
the position that the employes must
take their orders from them; that tho
teamsters can go to work to-morrow,
that is to Bay, there will be no dis
crimination, provided they agree to
take orders from their employers with
the above qualifications; and that they
will not hereafter, directly or indirect
ly, engage in or support any attempt
to compel any other employe against
his free will and volition to become a.
member of any labor union, nor to
compel any employer to employ none
but union labor. /
The employers will not discriminate
against union men, and they would
naturally employ men who are pro
llcient. They say they know that the
members of tho union are capablo
draymen and they are peeking such
employes to do their work; and that
if this matter Is now settled there is
no reason why all teamsters should
not be employed to-morrow.
The employers nlno take the
position tluit no employe will
hereafter, directly or Indirectly,
enttagre In or nnpport any Kympa
thetlc KtrlWe or boycott. Tliey
mean by that thnt' If men In a
particular employment linvc no
icrlevnnee nualtinl their employ
ers they nliall not utrlke becnunc
¦ome oilier employe™ fiikokpiI
in other line* of bunineaM cannot
come to terms nltlt their em
ploye*. They want every l»n»l
nenH to wtand on tin ovvm leas.
They nay that if employes have
any srrtevancc ngralnst their em
ployers, It Is their right nml j
duly to protest and make repre
sentations to such employers so
that they run settle tbe dispute
between themselves and If they
fail to so settle It, the employe
has the rlffut <o strike.
The employers on. their part do not
intend (and their organization refuses
to admit that they ever countenanced
such action) to refuse to sell goods to
any one who is solvent and able to pay
for them: that they will not refuse to
sell goods to any men who may havo
yielded to union demands; that when
business is on a basis of peace between
a particular employer and his employes
the employer objects to his employe*
being dragged Into sympathetic strikes
and that such strikes are only justifia
ble In open warfare.
If the teamsters understand and ac
cept these conditions, there will be no
objection to their going to work. It
is the sincere desire of the merchants
to avert trouble and to save the city
from a tie-up of Its business. The
merchants say on their part that in
every substantial respect they will
guard the interests of their employes
and promote their welfare, and point
to the fact that there is no dispute
between them on the questions .of
hours or wages.
The report was adopted "as a basis for
cettlement of the present labor difficulties
existing between the Employers' Associa
tion and the teamsters."
Messrs. Furuseth and Casey consented
to present the report to the City Front
Federation and the various unions direct-"
Iy concerned for their consideration.
the Employers' Association is that
every employer be permitted undis
turbed to employ his nelp without dis
crimination as to creed, race or mem
bership in any external organization,
and that every employe shall have the
right to labor without interference in
any situation he chooses to accept.
••In this behalf the association in
vokes the laws of the land for the
complete protection of life, liberty and
property. Yours truly,
"M. F. MICHAEL."
"The recommendation and demand of
tlon to join labor orgranlzntionH
for tlie purpose of obtaining or
holding; employment from sai<l
employer, such action being in
imical to the liberties of the in
dividual and in consequence pro
ductive only of liarm to tbe com
munity.
The Brotherhood of Teamsters assem
bled last night In the San Francisco Ath
letic Club's hall, at the corner of Sixth
and Shipley streets, for the purpose of
awaiting the result of the deliberation of
t»Te City Front Federation. Almost C00 of
the teamsters attended the meeting
When it was announced by Michael Casey
of the brotherhood, who had attended trie
conference of the City Front Federation,
that that organization had. decided to
rtrike a scene of the wildest enthusiasm
ensued. Cheer after cheer was given.
Since the Inception of the strike the team
sters have been compelled to flght the
merchants and the bosses single-handed,
and It was generally admitted that the
strikers would be ignomlniously defeated
unless other unions rendered immediate
assistance. Thus the \t»n had come to
look on the City Front- Federation, em
bracing the strongest combination of unit
ed labor on the Pacific Coast, as their
most desirable ally. - _
After Business Manager Casey an
nounced the decision of the City Front
Federation, the Brotherhood of Team
sters decided by a unanimous vote to light
the strike out to the bitter end without re
pard to the cost or consequences. The
brotherhood has In all almost 2000 men
now on strike
TEAMSTEBS EXPEESS DELIGHT.
"The tie-up will not prevent passengers
and freight coming to this city by ferry
boats. It is not the purpose of the Feder
ation to cause inconvenience to the travel
ing public and if it had Jurisdiction over
the men employed on these boats I doubt
whether they would have been called from
their employment. The amount of freight
sent to this city by ferry is too email to
bother about.
"The men usually sro to their work. on
the docks at 7 o'clock each morning, but
to-morrow morning they will not be In
their accustomed places. Three-fourths
of them have already been notified of the
action of the City Front Federation and
every member will abide by it. The ship
owners have only one course left open to
them, and that Is to close the cates lead
ing to their doc,ks and anchoring their
ships In the streams. The lighthouse
ships and other Government vessels will
not be hindered by us.
"We have dallied Ions: enough with the
Em plovers' Association and our action
will teach them that we mean business.
Evert* man is determined and the sooner
the association appreciates this the better
it will be for them and the business inter
ests of this city and vicinity. All the talk
has been done— this Is action.
The leading spirits of the strike say
that there will be • no trouble along the
•water front. They insist that the mem
bers of the unions that are walking out
•will put on their best clothes and make
a holiday of it. The police are not so
confident of holiday behavior on the part
of the strikers and every policeman that
can be mustered for the duty will be as
signed to the details along the line where
trouble is most likely to occur.
The situation was not materially
changed durine the day so far as the
teamsters* strike was concerned, except,
of course, the coming of other unions to
the aid of the strikers. Secretary Renner
cf the Draymen's Association said in the
afternoon that more teams were out than
had been on Saturday. He estimated the
number at 250. There Is a rumor that men
are being imported from Arizona and
other States to act as teamsters. These
men are said to be quick in using weapons
for their own protection, and there is
some fear that blood will be shed before
the strike is terminated.
The porters and packers will cut the
sordian knot of threatened lockouts by
walking out in conformity with tho ded-
Fion of the City Front Federation, with
which their union is afliliated.
The situation in the machinists' strike
has not changed materially.
The City Front Federation Is composed
of the Sailors' I'nion of the Pacific, four
"local*" of the longshoremen, the Ma
rine Firemen's Union. Brotherhood of
Teamsters, Ship and Steamboat Joiners'
Union, Porters. Packers and Warehouse
men: Ship Clerks'. Pile Drivers and Bridge
Builders; Hoisting Kngineers, Steam and
Hot Water Fitters and Coal Teamsters.
Andrew Furuseth, secretary of the
Sailors' Union of the Pacific, said after
the meeting:
Will Be No Trouble.
The Sierra is scheduled to sail for Aus
tralia Thursday, and her managers say
she will get away on time. The Columbia
for Portland and the Empire for Coos Bay
may possibly join the Idle fleet. On Fri
day the Coptic manned with a. Chinese
crew, will probably get away, while the
Eureka may be tied up.
At the present time there are forty-five
foreign and Atlantic vessels in port, with
a carrying capacity of over 100.000 tons.
Of these thirty-eight are engaged to load
either grain or general merchandise, and
every one of them will probably be tied
up. Of the coasting fleet over seventy of
them are now in port and not one of them
will be able to sail again while the strike
lasts.
The Robert Dollar will probably not get
away for Seattle, the Del None for Cres>
cent City nor the Gipsy for Santa Cruz.
The Kosmos liner Hermonthis will be
the only vessel to get away to-morrow, as
the Czarina and Newburg for Seattle,
Acme for Siuslaw, Pomona and Noya for
Kureka and State of California for Santa
Barbara will probably be tied up.
tn Valparaiso for the round trip, while
the others carry Chinese sailors and fire
men, who ship in Hongkong for the round
trip.
The steamship companies that will seri
ouslv feel the effects of the strike will 'be
the Pacific Coast, Oceanic, Panama Rail
road, Panama steamers of the Pacific
Mail, Cape Nome and coasting steamers,
colliers, and then will come the sugar and
grain fleets, and, in fact, almost every
craft propelled by steam or sail on tHe
writers of the North Pacific.
BY UNANIMOUS VOTE CITY FRONT FEDERATION
ORDERS GENERAL STRIKE.
Continued From First Page/
The Warehousemen's Union at their
meeting last Friday night modified their
demands to 30 cents per hour, nlno hours
a day and 45 cents for overtime and Sun
days. The owners offered at the com
mencement of the strike 30 cents per hour
straight time; at a conference they of
fered 30 cents per hour and overtime after
6 p. m. at the rate of five hours per three
hours labor, but refused, to recognize the
union. As the warehousemen have never
asked for recognition of their union the
latter was easily settled. Their demands
were then modified so as to meet the own
ers half way, and as there is now only a
difference of 15 cents on nn overtime hour
a settlement will soon be reached. Secre
tary Dethlefson of the Warehousemen's
Union says:
"Since last Thursday I have expected
every moment a settlement from the own
ers. There is practically no difference be
tween us. I held five conferences last
week with the owners and modified our
demands so that an early settlement
could be reached., This morning I had a
conference with Mr. Roseman of the
Grangers' Business Association. He want
ed to settle the extra by permitting men
who did not desire to work after 5 o'clock
to quit if they so chose. I explained to
him that this would prove a bone of con
tention at all times between him and his
employes and would place him under ob
ligations to them, while on the other
hand if he granted the demands as they
stood he would be in a position to say:
'We have given you what you asked; now
you must do as we tell you or be dis
charged." He saw the logic of this and
granted the demands as they stood."
CROCKETT. July 29.— The situation of.,
the warehousemen's strike at Port Costa
looks considerably brighter at the com
mencement of its third week than at any
time heretofore. The Grangers' Ware
house this morning acceded to the de
mand of the 'employes and will resume
operations to-morro.w morning. It is
hoped that the balance of the owners will
follow the example of the Grangers' Busi
ness Association and grant the demands
of their employes within a day or two,
as there ia practically no difference be
tween them.
The submitting of the resolution was
brought about by a member of the union
who had been performing the duties' of
shipping clerk when his fellow-workmen
were locked out. He remained at work,
and through him the proprietors of the
American factory sent word to the men
that they could return to work. The men
were' willing to again pick up their tools
and resume the position they formerly
held in the shop, but will not under any
consideration arttx their signatures to an
agreement tending to disrupt the union.
They were advised to pursue this course
by President Gon! of the Labor Council,
who attended the meeting and. delivered a
speech calling upon the men to adopt con
ciliatory tactics when possible, but to re
main firm In their allegiance to their or
ganization. GofTs speech was greeted
with cheers, and when he announced that,
in his opinion, the .City Front Federation
would indorse their every action the ap
plause was tumultuous.
The membership of the Boxmakers
Union is more than 400, and. at present
every man is out.
FORT COSTA STRIKE ENDING.
The largest meeting ever held by the
Boxmakers' Union was held last night at
B'nai B'rith Hall. The men who were
locked out last Thursday all came pre
pared to discuss the troubles of the union
in their every phase, and before the meet
ing was over gave evidence that they
were prepared to meet their employers
half way. They adopted a resolution
granting- the members of the union who
formerly worked at the. American Box
Factory permission to return to work,
provided . that their former employer
would not ask them to sign any such
agreement as had been presented for their
signature during the week and would not
ask the men to perform any of the work
which was part of the work, of a team
ster.
BOXMAKERS ACT.
Two were discharged by M. Ehrman &
Co. for refusing to forsake their union
and one man was discharged by Goldstone
Brothers for the same reason. '
In discussing the strike, • Robert J.
Loughery, business agent of the Porters',
Packers' and Warehousemen's Protective
Union, said:
"We are looking for peace and not for
a strike. I feel confident we have every
chance of winning in the event of an ex
tended strike. Our men are holding to
gether and will remain firm until this
lamentable trouble Is ended. At our meet
ing at the Temple last Sunday it was de
cided by a rising vote that our union
abide by the decision of the Water-Front
Federation." . , : ¦
In consideration of your not discriminating
against, those of us who are or have been af
filiated with any labor, union, we hereby agree
to continue In your employ on the same terms
as heretofore, without any dictation from out
side organizations. •
Two porters were discharged at the
Yolo mills for refusing to work with non
union teamsters. •
Seven union and two non-union packers
were discharged by, the Armour Packing
Company yesterday morning because of
their refusal to sign an agreement which
was presented to them by the foreman
for their signatures. . The agreement
was a departure, . to a certain extent,
from the original demand of the employ
ers that the men surrender their union af
filiations, but it was considered by the
packers that the effect would be identical
and fatal to the life of the union. Tlie
agreement was worded as follows:
MUST FORSAKE UNION.
the federation were in vain. The members
of ? the union were unanimous in . wishing
that a . general strike would be ordered
and could not understand why the men of
the city front could not come to the same
conclusion without the necessity • of a
lengthy session. .
Business Agent R; C. Loughery of the
Porters, Packers and Warehousemen was
attending the meeting of the delegates,
whose duty it was, according to the rules
governing organized labor, to order out
the 16,000 men employed In various 1 trades
along the. front.
The guard at the door of the union's
meeting place was the first man to re
ceive the news. When he opened the
door and announced to the anxiously
waiting laboring men that their wishes
had been granted and that on the morrow
16,000 men would quit work and enter the
ranks of the strikers and the locked-out
men the eheers were deafening. The
men yelled themselves hoarse, for the an
nouncement of the general strike meant
that their fight was to be made the fight
of every laboring man in this city.
When Business Agent Loughery arrived
at the hall he was greeted with tumultu
ous applause. He told the men of the de
liberations of, the body which had vot* J
to tie up practically all the Industries of
this city, and was cheered vociferously.
There are more than 2000 members of
the Packers', Porters' and Warehouse
men's Union. They are all engaged in the
wholesale district and their failure to re
port for work this morning will practi
cally prevent the transaction of business
in the houses in which they are employed.
While they are not looked upon as skilled
laborers, the fact remains that it will xe
quire some time to fit a green hand to
perform their duties.
THE SAN FKANC1SCQ CALL; TUESDAY, JULY 30, 190*.;
7
STATIONS.
>Morla
Hakri
< "at con
'.'uk ka
Krcsno
Flagstaff
IV.'utello, Idaho.
Jndcjjetidf nee
l^o* Angclef
I'iiwnix
J'ortluifU
Ued 1MU1T
ltOFeburg'
Sftcratnento
Halt Kak.'
Kan Kranclsco....
San Iyu> Oblrpo..
Ban Dleco
BeaUle ,
Spokane
Neah Bay
Valla Walla
Wlnnenwcca
Yutna
- P t£ B 0 2 T
! SS $E *} *\ i|
I isii gl n ri
f fi fl p pi?
...29.98 CO C2 W Pt.Cldy 0
...l^.ti K8 :.4 NW Clear 0
...i*.;!* W M \V Clf«r 0
...I'D. 94 66 t2 NW Cloudy 0
...i'X.66 104 «8 W Pt.Cldy 0
...St.M 7S t.S W Cloudy .10
...r9.T2 5Hi 18 NW Clear 0
...19X': Mti 78 "SE Cloudy 0
...29.K2 74 M S\V Cloudy 0
...r:<.7u 98 76 NW Cloudy .01
...iS.M M r.6 NW Clear 0
...29.6S 1U4 66 8 Clear 0
...2S.M) w to N Clear 0
..2S.CS W r.4 SW Clear 0
...XS.72 !»6 66 NW Clear 0
...^9.S2 £8 4S \V Clear 0
... 29.SC 78 54 B Cloudy T.
..29.SU 70 64 NW Cloudy 0
...29.80 7S a NW Clear 0
..2!».M 88 60 NW Clear 0
,..29.9« 68 &0 W Cloudy 0
...i9.76 96 60 W Clear 0
...29.70 »4 54 W Clfar 0
...29.6S 98 82 S Pt.Cldy T.
Although nearly destroyed by
fire this week, will be ready for
guests July 31. Write for rooms
before I starting. A. Bettorfs,
Mgr. Call on Lombard & Co.,
room 30, 36 Geary st.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS,
CAPITOLA
T-»HE SEASIDE RESORT OF CENTRA!.
. * California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. R.- M. BRIARE. manager hotel;
FRANK REANIER. supt. camp. Capitola. Cal.
S% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Afinual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marina Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets apply to
E. C. PECK. Agent.
10 Montgomery St.. San Francisco,
• Or BANNING CO..
Z22 South Spring st.. Los Angeles. Cat.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
Certain cure for -Stomach, Liver, Kidney.
Bladder. Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
sands Cured. _ „
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail-
road. Stage from Uklah.
RODNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANY.
Upper Lake P.. O., Lake County. Cal.
Main Office & Wafer Depot. 916 Market, r. 64.
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
Delightful Surroundings and fVITTpD
Excellent Accommodations at Tf 1 1 I Ll\
MEDICAL SPRINGS
Camp Reverie on the Guerneville branch of
the California Northwestern Railway Is practi-
cally a hotel under canvas. -
Table board by th« week. $6 50. Furnished
tents — different sizes— everything new — charges
reasonable. Railroad fare from San Francisco,
round trip. $2 5ft. Take boat at Tlburon Ferry.
Call or address Camp Reverie Association.
Room 81. Flood Building. San Francisco, for
particulars and booklets; or write Camp Reverie
Association. P. O. Forestville. Sonoma Co..
Cal. Booklets may also be had at the ticket
offices of the California Northwestern Railway.
NOW OPEN,
IN TBS
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
CAMP REVERIE,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. * Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staging
A hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day.
arriving at Yosemlte Valley 5 P^_g iT | end G^ r
illustrated folder. WM. J. . WHITE. Gen.
Agent. 630 Market St.. opposite Palace Hotel.
S F.; tel. Black 3571.
YOSEMITE VALLET
2% hours' ride from S. F.;5 miles from .Va-
llejo. Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. J3 to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID, Vallejo, Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRIMGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates, $? and S2 50 per day: $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office. » Montgomery st., or
address EDSON BROS.. Beswlck. Slsklyou
County. CaL
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Greatly improved. New cottages, large halL
Pianos, billiard, pool and other games ; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena. $1. Inquire at Beadle Bros.'. 2*
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansome St.,
or DR. W. A. McCORNACK. Point Arena, Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINCS.
« tS A /I f\€\ H0T SPRINGS, SONOMA
Qiriif»fwXco-- onl y 4% hours fr . om
O A/1 C7 17 W.San Francisco: but 9 miles
staging: waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath in State:
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; flrst-class hotel and stage
service: morning and afternoon stages; round
t rip from S. F. only $5 60. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7-30 a ra or 3.30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further information at Traveler of-
fice 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW. Skaggs. Cal. ____^
Napa Count/,
Cal.
, i • IN Pt i A» • •
SODA SPRINGS
»T»HE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL HEALTH
Rates $l()"to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and * p. m.
For further information address
¦ A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS.
Via C. C Foss* Stage Line from Callstosa.
The scenic route. Livery In connection. C C
FOSS. Proprietor. Callstoffa. CaL
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooklns:
$7 cer week and upward. F. and A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport. Lake County. Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California: lots amusements: fine walks:
all mineral waters. Rates $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
918 Larkln st., a F. DRURT & KROEGER.
MARKWISJ
0*ftl BIUII3IA SAfl FRANCISCO'S
lUULUiWBMlM LEADING THEATRE
SECOND ANP LAST WEEK.
Every Night This Week— Matinee Saturday.
. The Distinguished Irish Comedian,
MR. OH A UNCEY
OLCOTT
"THE SWEETEST SINGER ON THE STAGE."
¦ : In the New Irish Comedy,
GARRETT O'MAGH.
Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU, Manager.
Hear OLCOTT'S NEW SONGS.
BEGINNING NEXT MONPAT, AUG. 6.
Charles Frohman's
EMPIRE THEATER COMPANY,
Presenting Henry Arthur Jones' Greatest Play,
MRS. DANE'S DEFENCE,
BOX AND SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY-'
THE SAME . TRUTHFUL STORY."
A BEAUTIFUL PERFORMANCE. \
MR. JAMBS AND THE
neiLl neill
/ V * J M JEcWAaW COMPANY.
Presenting Tbia Week.
The Case of Rebellious Susan
By Henry Arthur Jones.
CPFPIAI BARGAIN MATINEES Every
-rCWAL. Thursday, 25c and 50c reserved
EVE ..25c, 35ci 50c, 75c| $1
SAT. MAT ;....25c, 50c, 75c
SEATS NOW READT.
"Next Sunday Evening— "THE AMAZONS."
PACKED AGAIN. LAST NIGHT.-
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
' PRESENTS
"THE SENATOR"
By David Lloyd and .Sydney Rosenfeld.
The Bfst American Comedy Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 15c. 25c, 50e. 75c
Gcod Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
NEXT WEEK "THE TOLL GATE INN"
VAUDEVILLE
FROM THE NEW AND OLD WORLD!
MOLASSO-SALVAGGI TROUPE. ALEXAN-
DRA DAGMAR. STANTON AND MO-
DENA. THE 3 BROOKLYNS. MURPHY
AND NICHOLLS, AURAS AND ALICE.
ED F. REYNARD. AMETA AND THE
BIOGRAPH. SHOWING THE LAUNCH-
ING OP THE SHAMROCK II.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs nnd Box Seats, 50c.
iiL-f H EAT R fMp
ANOTHER WINNER! ALL THIS WEEK.
A Splendid' 'Revival. '
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE -WHITTLESBY.
"The Adventures of
Nell Gwynne!"
Beats 15c. JSc. 35c, 50c and 73c.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week-"CAMILLE." #
*T 1 iLl*
Evcninsrs at 8. Matinee Saturday at 8.
A TREMENDOUS OVATION t
OPENING WEEK OF THE'
Grand Opera Season
J& T I*V 31 Monday, Wednesday,
r\ 1 JLJ r\ Friday and Saturday.
D lift A! CTTfl T «esday,Tbursday,
KlUlfLC 111) Saturday Matinee
mm^^ mmm^^ m^^ mm^ m and Sunday.
—POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c, T3c—
.-' Telephone Bush 9.
BEE4SCO S« THAlZSjfcrfg*
'^^JtjiJLi* tfttStt CITY ltAk.%
TO-NIGHT EVERY. EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Gorgeous and Magnificent Production of the
Great Naval 'Drama, ¦;.'».- •¦,
THE ENSIGN
JAMES M. BROPHY in his favorite role as the
Ensign Ben Balrd.
An Unusually Strong Cast. .
PDirKC Evenings..*. 10c, lie, 25c, 35c, 60c
I lIlvCO Matinees... 10c, 15c, 23o
' NEXT WEEK— "MONTE CRISTQ."
FISCHER'S SStt§!? T
Commencing: MONDAY, July »-MAD.
CHARITY MARTIN!!! SIG. PIETRO BUZZ!!!
SIG G. S. WANRELL!!! Mabel Rutherford.
Jennie Metzler. . Nellie Bruce, Hopper & Hop-
per, Karl & Bayle. Admission, •* 10 cents: re-
served seats, 25 cents. Matinee Sunday. Tele-
phone Main 231. Extra— Tuesday, July 30,
Benefit. AUGUST HINR1CHS!!!
SUTRO BATHS.
C>F»ErN NIOHTS.
OPEN ; DAILY ' FROM T A. M. TO 11 P. M.
Bathing from 7 aJ.m. to 10:30 p. m. ¦
ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN Be
Bathing (Including admission) 25c,. Children 20c.
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to BarCIett Springs.
via Lakeoort. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Sorlnss. Stases connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:50; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wairons. made to order for thU
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stasa Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
PiMD TiVTHD Cottages, camping, fishing:
WAillr 1 A I LUft 29 miles from S. V. : in th«
redwoods. Call Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
Most* attractive place In Lake Conwty to
spend a vacation. Boatingr. bathinz. bowling:,
etc. Accommodations now for 250 people.
"Write for circular. EDGAR DURNAN, Laurel
Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
SOLID COMFORT B011E££5? TC %» S
altitude. No foe: climate delightful. Larg»
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths.
Spring water. "Rates, J7 week up. Stage meets
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa, Cal.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal.. M mile* by
stage west of Williams, fare J2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature MS
deg. Cures rheumattrm, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system. dy«pep-
ela. catarrh. Natural mud batha. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths, 110 a week. WM. OELGEART.
proprietor. ' v
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
LAKE COUNTY— New 19-passeneer Yosemite
. Stare, all outside seats. Leaves Caltstoga,
daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. ra., direct
to Harbin. SeiKler. Adams, Howard. Ander-
son. Astom and Glenbrook: buy round-trip
tickets: half an hour for lunch at Cailstoga;
also to Mlddietown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvill*
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor. >
OWN A HOME "tS^ CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker. 130
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free: saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp: board
and lodging $6; take Sausnltto ferry. $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKEIl, or H. M.
GREGSON, Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.
THE LAUREL. Los Gatos— First-class family
boarding-house: home cooking; beautiful
fturrounulngs: 5 minutes' walk to town. Terms.
$8 to Xlo a week. Ptana. Reference*. MRS. J.
McKENZIE and MIPS A. HAMILTON. Props.
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lak« Tahoe. Everything new. B«st beach for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting.
Boats, fishing tackle and saddle horses at mod-
erats hire: M per day. or $10. H2 and tt« per
week. Postofflce. telephone. A. L. FROST.
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahce, Cal. ._¦
RUBICON PARK,
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
DIRECTORY
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mailai
on Application.
Trains leave 3d and Townsend a a. m. and 2:43
p m dally. For pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Prop. ¦
¦GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Park House in the Santa Cruz Mountains: 5
minutes from station; fine scenery; fishing.
K.C- ¦""• "*"• "m'bs'TST iKt'Is'"
BEN LOMOND.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
• OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLI3.
V 418 Front st., S. F. Phone Main 17131
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect* 16 miles from Trucked In an unbroken
forest Further Information Traveler office, 20
Montgomery, or MRS. H. M. CiEMONS.
Trnckee. Cal. •
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
The only place In the United States where
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electrio Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.,
. .». .'.. . Proprietors.
VICHY SPRINGS,
PRINTINQ.
E C HUGHES, •¦«,, s!n^,^: a. t. '
f-j-; PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 Tint Street. San Fr*nel»co.
For rest and health in THE SIERRAS
near Collnx on U. P. R. R. Elevation Just right —
2100 ft.— 186 miles from San Fr. No staging; good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Send for
booklet. Orchard Springs, Colfax, CaL
All sorts of people use It, all sorts of stores
sell it, especially druggists. * vp- : - .
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
; Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the, living skin.
Pears' is the^ purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world. ¦•
P O. EL VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing). • on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAK-
DOU. Lessee. "
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOSggTO|
Five hundred reward -for any &*£ l&B
case we cannot cure. This secrat B™»
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours. I si
cures Emissions. Impotency. Vari- Kj r*y*j
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet. Flt3. RJfT] TJ^JI
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all U£jJ |£cj
wastinsr effects of self-abuse or r£3_JE£3
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 mmm^siaamm
bottles. $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad*
dress H ALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 853
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at lOTSlj
Market st.. 9. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. ; ¦
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED BLUE VEST3
2 for 15c. £0c and 23c Linen Collars at 3 for
25c, Large Linen Spools 2 for 3c. at 105 Fifth.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGUT-
FICK. 23 Sp«ar St.. S. F. Tel. Main 5320.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I1C RftYEC Jt fft Shipping Butchers. 1M
iA2' DUlfcaaCU. ctayf TeL Mala 1294
COAL. COKE AND PICI IRON.
JP WI1 CAM * Ct\ 9m Battery Street.
¦ V- IT lLJUll (I WU-» Telephone Main 1S6C
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahl*
tc Co. (est'd. 1So2> 409 Market st. : upon la-
st aliment or rented; also beer apparatus.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room,
$7 a week; camping privileges, $1 SO per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
I WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
k ."PATENTS' t
MARKET ST.SP.Ngg^
MOUNTAIN HOME.
' In Santa Cruz Mountains. ' Health, pleasure,
fishing, hunting and swimming; good table;
guests at home; never fail to return; send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMI AX A BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strenftn to sexual organs. Depot. C3 MvkcL
i: TOLL HOUSE. '
PLEASANT -' ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few gueata; mountain scenery; pure air. $8
per week. H. B. LAWLEY. Callstoga; CaL .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVE3TISE1OENTS.
Positively cured by these ¦
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price. Y
SIGKIHEADAGHE
AMUSEMENTS.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS ggr, h 0 o £ urs? c s c t e a s g ":
Ing. Numerous Mineral Springs of great vir-
tue. Finest Hotel Accommodations north or
San Francisco. Hot and Cold Mineral Baths.
Competent Masseurs. BowllnK Alley, Tennis
Courts, Swimming Tanks, Croquet. Shuffle-
boaid. Fine Roads and Trails. Riding and
Driving Horses. Best Deer Hunting In Lalw
County. Competent Guides, Good Hunting Ani-
mals. THE FALL, AND WINTER RATES
WILL BE IN FORCE AUGUST 1st. IN-
STEAD OF SEPT. 1st, as formerly. Rooms in
Small Hotel, $10 per week. Rooms In Cottages,
$12 cer'week for one in room. $20 for two in
room. Rooms In Main Hotel. $12 and
$14 for one person, J20 and $24 for
two • in room. Call on L. D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery St.; The Traveler Of-
fice, 20 Montgomery et., or MRS. KATE J.
WILLATS. room 84, Flood bldg.. San Frtn-
cisco, or write direct to CRAIG & WARNER.
Highland Springs. Cal. ' ' *
""THE EQUITABLE GAS LIGHT COMPANY HAS
completed arrangements for the immediate extension of its
plant and its mains throughout the city, and hereby announces
that the rate to its present consumers and the public
generally will, on and after August 1, 1901, BE SEVENTY-
FIVE (75) CENTS PER THOUSAND CUBIC FEET.
The company further announces that it is now prepared to
enter into contracts 'with ALL GAS CONSUMERS IN THIS
CITY AT THE ABOVE RATE, and invites them to call at
the office of the company, 516 California , street, to sign such
The policy inaugurated by this company of making no charge
for service connections, or deposits for meters, will he continued.
NOTICE.
¦•••¦¦¦ JFSfi&iySjw
PALACE - :**:
. __ _-¦ These hotels possess
AND ¦ th« attributes that tour-
•*** ia# ist$ and travelers ap-
CQ A Ul\ predate— central loca-
UKAllIi tion. liberal- manase-
UATCT C " naent, modern appolnt-
nU 1 EL J, , merits' and perfect cul-
• Bln«.
««, American and - Euro-
". *T?T- pean plans.
Francisco.ST. JOSEPH, Mo., July 29.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, ' 1200. 10(g>15c ¦ higher on good to choice;
others, • steady to strong. • Natives, $3 70@5 80"
cows and heifers, SI 25@4 75; bulls and stags'
$205; stockers and fenders, $1 75@4 10; veals'
$2@5 25. - • • •.'..- ¦ . . .. : '
ST. JOSEPH
SHEEP— Receipts. 19,000. Steady; good to
choice wethers, ii 80@4 25; fair to choice mixed
$3 25@3 75; Western sheep. $3 25tfj4; yearling*'
$404 35; native iambs, $3(5/5 40; Western lambs
(4 40©5 40. ... • . • . *
HOGS-Recelpts to-day, 66,000; to-morrow,
22.006; left over, 12,900. Close to 70,000 on sale
Market slow to 15c lower; mixed and butchers
$5 25@5 75; good to choice heavy. $5 50@5 874*
rough. heavy. $5 25@5 45; light, |5 45@5 60; bulk
of sales, 13 45f 5 60.
CHICAGO, July 29.— CATTLE— Receipts, 31,
000. Including 400 Texans. Strong to 20c higher.
Good to prtme steers, $5 £5©6 20; poor to me*
dium, J4 25@5 40; stockers and feeders, $2 40®
4 25; cows and heifers, |2 25ff4 73- cannera
?125©2 25; bulls, |2 2o@4 35; calves. |2 50@5 25;
Texas steers, »3©4 25. . * '
; LIVERPOOL. .
VTbetLt- ,' sept. • Dec.
°p enln «? • 5 7% 6 8%
Closing ¦;. 5 6 y 4 5 g 7 *
PARIS.
Wheat- , j,,!y. Sept.-Deo.
Opening 22 20 22 65
Closing 22 JO 22 55
Flqur—
Opting 27 73 28 60
Closing 27 75 , 28 00
Chicago Livestock.
. . Americans were strong on the reported ar
rangement of the steel strike. New York came
good. Baltimore, and Ohio and Atchlson lead
ing. In the street the finish was buoyant
though little was doing. The settlement dis
closed a' small commitment. , The general con-
NEW YORK. July 29.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a revival and general cheerfulness
in the markets here to-day, accompanied- -bv
peace rumors. Amsterdam buying of Africans
Ftarted the apparent canard that Leyds is In
London.
London Market.
NEW YORK. July 23.— Money on call, steady,
at 2(^24 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent; prime
mercantile paper. 4465 per cent; sterling" ex
change, pteady, with actual business in banker,,'
bills at $4 S7%@4 874 for demand and at ¦ J4 84%
@4 85 for sixty days: posted rates. $4 86®4 884
commercial bills. M 844I&4 84%; bar silver, 68%c-
Mexican dollars. 46c; Government bonds'
steady; railroad bonds. Irregular; State bonds
New York Money Market.
1.000 Chicago Terminal &. Transit prefd.. 88%
200 C C C & St Louis 90U
'200 Colorado Southern 13
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 49
COO Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22
. 300 Delaware & Hudson 159 '
8(4 Delaware, Lack & Western 229
300 Denver & Ulo Grande 42tf
, 2,400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 91 Vi
1.700 Erie 37H
2,000 Erie lat prefd C7
100 Erie 2d prefd 48V4
' 100 Great Northern prefd 176',n
1,200 Hocking Valley 52
600 Hocking Valley prefd 75
Illinois Central 149
.".CO Iowa Centre! 37
400 Iowa Central prefd VS'.j
100 Lake Erie & Western 64
Lake Krle & Western prefd 116
4.000 Louisville & Nashville 102?*
S.300 Manhattan Elevated 118
K'O Metropolitan Street Railway 168
1.200 Mexican Central 23H
Mio Mexican National 9
200 Mlnneai>olls & st Louis 107
1.000 MlHxouri Pacific 1W%
400 Mtttmourl, Kansas & Texas 26
1,100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd,.,. 54
100 New Jersey Central .US
S.MM) New York Central 150%
lu.r.ixi Norfolk & Western : ¦•:",-
Norfolk & Western profd 89
Northern Pactflc prefd 97
K>0 Ontario & Western: 32%
12,100. Pennsylvania Ui%
.'.' P C C & St Louis 73
4.1S0 Heading 42
S.Mki Heading l.-t prefd 77
1,700 Heading 2d prefd 624
M!0 St Louis & San Franclxco 41%
Kt J .011 U & San Fran 1st prefd 76
2,500 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd fis«i
1,100 St Louis, Southwestern 2SV4
r.co £t Loula, Southwestern prefd 61
24.&00 St Paul , 161*i
400 St Paul prefd 181
30,800 Southern Pacific 56%
11,000 Southern Railway 29%
I 2.600' Southern Railway prefd 8JV4
2,400 Texas & Paclflo 42
100 Toledo. St Louis & West 20
Toledo, St Louis & West prefd 33
69.600 Union Pacific 100
600 Vnlon Pacific prefd 89
2,000 Wabash 21%
700 \Vaba»h prefd 33%
Wheeling & Lake Erie IS
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 29
400 Wisconsin Central 21
400 Wleconrln Central prefd 42
Express Companies—
Adams 170
American 190
l.'nlted States 86
Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous—
1,400 Amalgamated Copper 11314
1,100 American Car & Foundry 30
SCO American Car & Foundry prefd.... 84
American' Linseed Oil 23
: American Linseed Oil prefd 614
600 Amer Smelting & Refining 53^4
100 Amer Hmelting & Refining prefd...,100V4
1.600 American Tobacco 185»i
. f.un Anaeonda Mining Co 444
2.400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76%
900 Colorado Fuel & Iron 1004
COO Consolidated Gas 219*
2.P00 Continental Tobacco 6"U
Jon Continental Tobacco prefd 116 j
400 General Kleptrlc I..V.U4J
Glucose Sugar , 55
400 Hocking Coal 21
]00 > international Paper »Vi
1C0 International Paper prefd 76
1,200 International Power 934
Larlede Gas 95
100 National BUcult 4:4
l"0 National Lead 194
2iiO National Salt 41'j
800 National Ealt prefd T4
300 North American 1(V)
1<V> Pacific Coast 6S
2C0 Pacific Mall 39
1.700 People's Gas 114»i
1.2C0 Pressed Steel Car AtVt
Premed Steel Car prefd R5
300 Pullman Palace Car 2fi«
2.500 Republic Steel 20\4
1.P00 Republic Steel prefd 75 1
1.600 Sugar 142%
2.R00 Tennessee Coal & Iron C3
1C0 Union Bag & Paper Co 16 !
Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 70^; i
400 United States Leather 13
200 United States Leather prefd "S^
2«) United States Rubber 19%
400 United States Rubber prefd 5S
143.f,00 United States Steel 45^i
E2.S00 United States Steel prefd ?4'i
2,900 Western Union 02U
576,C0o" Shares yold •
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s, V Y Cent lsts 104%
reg 107%. V J Cent gen-5s..l29
do coup 107% North Pac 3s T2%
do 2s reg 108V; do 4s ..104
do coup 109 N Y C & St L 4s.lO7«i
do new 4s reg 137 Norf & W con 4s. 102
do coup 138 Or Nav 1st* 107\i I
do old 4s reg 113 do 4s ..102% |
do coup 113 Or S Line «s 127
do 6s reg 107$ do con 5s 116V4
do coup 109 Heading gen 4s .. 93*.
Dlst of Col 3.65s... 124 a G W lsts 101
Atchison gen 4s ...103Vr 5t L & I M con 5S.116V4
Atchison adj 4s ... »6 3t L & S F gen 6s. 1324
Can South 2ds lP9Vs 3t Paul cons 173
Ches & Ohio 4V4s..lOS St P C & Pac lsts.120
do 6s 121 do Cs 117
C & N W con 7s.. .141 South Pac 4s 92U
do S F deb 6s 122 South Hallway 5s. .116%
Chi Term 4s 93',4 S Rope & T 6s 62
Colo South 4s 89 Tex & Pac lsts.... .1154
D & R G 4s..: 1014 do 2ds 103
Erie gen 4s £64 Union Pac 4s 103%
Ft W & D C lsts. .101 Wabash lsts ....t.llfl
Gen Elec 6s" 200 do 2ds 112
Iowa Cent lsts.... 1154 West Shore 4s ....112Vi
L & Nash unl 4s. .102 WIs Cent l«ts 8S
M K & T 2ds 84 Va Centuries 34 .
do 4s S5»i
r MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 40|Llttle Chief 13
Alice 4.'« Ontario 8 75
Breece ..: 1 45 Ophir :. 78
Brunswick Con ... 12 Phoenix 09
Comstock Tunnel . 64 Potosl 08
Con Cal & Va 2 ojj Savage 10
Deadwood Terra .. 55; Sierra Nevada 17
Horn Silver 1 75 Small Hopes 50
Iron Silver 58'standard S 00
Leadvllie Con 061 . , ,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Bonds-
Call loans 4«T44 Atchlson 4s 101H
Time loans 4@44!N E G & Cokt Es. 544
¦ Stocks— • ' Mining shares—
Atchlnon 75 Adventure 25
do prefd 96% Blngham Mln Co.. 204
Am Sugar 1424 Amalg Copper ....113%
Am Telephone ....160 Atlantic J5
Boston -ft- Albany. .237 Calumet & Hecla'..75O
Boston Elevated ..1S6 Centennial 27U
Dom Coal ...' 394 Franklin l7Vi
Dom Coal prefd ..1144 Humboldt 25
U S Steel 45%!Osceola 93
do prefd 94% Parrot' 504
Gen Electric 254 Qulncy 179
Mex Cent 23 Santa Fe Copper.. <
N E G & Coke 6V» Tamarack 42
Old Colony 207 Utah Mining 29
Old Dominion 30 Wlnona 2\±
Union Pacific 100 Wolverines 61
West End 954
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Enures Closing
fiold. Stock— Bid.
,44.S00 Atchlson 74%
1.000 Atchlscn rrefd ; 96H
2.7C9 Baltimore & Ohio 96
lf0 Baltimore ft Ohio prefd 924
6.100 Canadian Pacific .....;................ 106T4
Canada Southern ...;......»... 67
8.600 Chesapeake A Ohio 454
1.000 Chicago & Alton . ;:.;.. 3S^
5,000 Chicaso & Alton prefd..... 76H
300 Chicago. Ind & Louisville S3'i
100 Chicago.- Ind & Louisville prefd.... 69
.Chicago & Eastern Illinois 122
1.700 Chicago A Great Western 22%
?00 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 80^4
200 Chicago & Great Western B' prefd.. 48%
COO Chicago & Northwestern..... 193
300 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 140%
600 Chicago Terminal & Transit IS
NEW YORK. July 29.— The way In which the
clock market acted this morning served to dash
the hopes of the bulls among the traders, who
had Indulged a hope that some accession of
speculative interest would result from the fa
voring factors over Sunday. For two Mondays
pact the market has had to face an accumu
lation of discouraging factors which resulted in
rettllng down prices within the first hour of
trading to what proved to be the low point of
the week. This morning. In contrast, there
was the news of rains In the corn belt, about
which there waa no dispute for the first time,
as to their extent and beneficial character.
There was, besides, the new* of negotiations
and consultations between the representative*
of the t'nlted State* Steel corporation and of
the Amalgamated Association looking to the set
tlement of the strike. The opening of negotl
ctions gave strong hope of an early settlement.
The »lmulianfou» sales of I'nltid States Steel
at th« opening were of 85,000 shares at an ex
treme advance of 2 points, and a large number
«f the stocks thus benefited were Norfolk and
Western. Chesapeake and Ohio. Pennsylvania,
Baltimore and Ohio, New Tork Central, Fpveral
of the coalers, the Chicago and Alton Stocks,
HocVlng Valley, a number of the Southern and
Southw^Btern railroad stocks, Colorado Fuel.
American Tobacco and North American. As a
device for awakening Interest In the market
this was a failure. The opening rush to buy
was all that brought the day's dealings above
the level of activity prevailing during the lat
ter part of last week. When the" room trader*
attempted to take their profits at the end of
the day prices crumbled away and only a few
stocks had anything Jeft to show but fractional
net rains at the closing, which was dull and
heavy.
The bond market was dull and Irregular but
rather more dlverrtfled than last week. Total
sales, par value. {1.415,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. .-/ :. ".; . »
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
FLOUR— California , Fanillr . extras. $3 25®
Flour and Millstu ffs.
. .CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No. sale*. /
Regular Mornlng*Sesslon— No sales.
.Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls. 70%c.
, OATS— Chicago was slightly lower In sympa
thy with x:orn. This market was very dull at
95ctfl$l for Black and 97&c@$l 17V4 per ctl for
Red.. " ' ."¦;'.• • * . • ¦ ¦ ¦
CORN— There'' were more rains In the Corn
belt; .which has received a good' wetting*. In
most parts during the past two or three days.
The crop Is gone past redemption in some sec
tions, but has been ¦ saved In others. ; There
was. plenty of buying at Chicago on the: break
In spite of the rain, and 20 loads . wero taken
for export.-. Cash Corn sold freely at 57@58c. ¦
-.. This ; . market continued dull and unchanged.
It Is still below, the : parity Of Chicago, so
dealers say that there ; can bo no decline. At
the same time there is no demand. . Small
round ' Yellow, $1 75: "Eastern Yellow, $1 606}
1 62%; -White, J17O01 75 per ctl;. Mixed, nom-'
inal. . : . ¦ ¦ •¦•<¦¦ ; ¦ •• , . •
. RYE-72%@77%c per ctl. '' -i'':' -.
.. BUCKWHEAT— None In first hands.
Informal ; Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 51 O0V4: 6000, $1 00%.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 004.
' Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls,
U 00%.
Afternoon ¦ Session — December — 4000 ctls,
II 00%.
- BARLEY— Previous prices rule, with a dull
business. ' ; . ¦ .
Feed. 73%c for choice bright, 71%@72Hc for
No. 1 and 67V4@70c for off grades: Brewing arid
Shipping grades. 78@S2Hc: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures, were lower, but
Paris futures were higher.
The world's shipments for the week were
as follows. In quarters: Russian, 114.000; Ar
gentine, 25,000; Indian', 170,000; Australian, 48.
000. A cable from St. Petersburg reported a
drought in tho province of.Saratoff. with the
crop withering and a famine threatened, and
tho price of corn Jumping. The American vis
ible supply, contrary to expectations, In
creased 3,583,000 bushels." .
General and heavy rains In tho West and
Southwest caused a lower opening at Chi
cago, but there were plenty of buyers at tho
decline. Tho foreigners were also liberal pur
chafers. There was a large business around
68c on Wall street account. The coarse grains
were firm, and it looked a* if the soiling was
nxhaustPd. The seaboard took 75 loads for ex
port, but Chicago continued heavy, neverthe
less, with continued liquidation.
' The San Francisco market wan lower again,
both on and off call.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 97Hc; milling, Jl@
1 02^ per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grams.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85#
Sterling Exchange, sight ........ — 4 SSVi
Sterling Cables — ¦¦ •- 4 89',i
New York Exchange, sight — 07&
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — ' 68%
Mcxlcal Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47 li
A Zlnkerman & w, Chg
E H Butterfleld. II D.
Illinois
G Poncie. Seattle
T Harrington. Colusa
H M Barnett. Portlnd
P L Market & w. Neb
J M Leszynsky, N Y
W G Gasslln & w. Ptld
Miss O Divings. Ptlnd
Dr B E Wright. Ptlnd
Dr J Hlckey. Portland
II Daniel & w, Ptland
N R Smith. Alaska
Violet Saroter. Cal
Miss H Goldsmith.
Minneapolis
Mrs J E Davis & dau.
Cal
J N Welter & w, Cal
Miss M Welter, Cal
P G Gaw & w, S Cruz
B Wendell & w. Bo*tn
B Wendell Jr. Boston
H K Duffus. Philadel
O M Borden & w,
Evanston
M W Houck, N T
C Bentoa, Monler
Mrs S R Barker. Cal
Mrs A Pelper. S Jose
Mlos O Pelper, 8 Jose
2 P Braslan, San Joae
W C Cutting, Nerada
T 1. Oddie. Nevada
J Calm & w, Los Ang
C P Poison. Philadel
E M Glldden. Boston
N G Stevenson & w,
Menlo .
Mrs A Taylor. Utah
Miss A Kenney. S Jose
F W Hersey. S Jose
A Fink, Nome
Harriet Nlel. Wash
Miss E Wlgnall. Londn
Mra J H Steward, Lon
don
J Knox. Chicago
Mrs T J Grier. S Dak
Mrs P C Rockwell. Cal
P L Sherman. Chltndn
N F Smith. San Carlos
A W Foster Jr. Cal
E H Pearce, BerkeJer
J H White. Berkeley
M A Newell & w. Cal
F Hanaen. Hamburg
N Myerfelt. Cal
M Beck. Chicago
G J Cole. Missouri
O D Thornton. Mont
A M Wilson, Nevada
D F Wilson. Nevada
T A Lynch.. Fresno
J Malr. Los Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
U Pride. Eclipse
A. Gookstettler. Spokne
UF Warner, Auburn
N' Rosenthal, Ctnn
r» Bunker. Chicago
E Rothschita. Chicago
A Frlschlowlta. N Y
B P Parker. Uvarmore
J P Ross & w. Pa
F" C Stettler. Ohio
R S Haines. Mo
Ella A Haines. Mo
M M Simpson & w
P Market & w, Omaha
J F Lewis, Ventura
P Smyerma. Seattle
\ F Hobson & w, Cal
Miss S Turner, Mo
J Hartenboner & t. Ill
Mrs Thompson. Seattle
H Thompson. Seattle |
N W Dunoen. Ill
r S Keating. Ottawa
tV L CoH Keswlck
Mrs PelUrano. S Jose
VIlss Pellerano, S Jose
Miss P P lleratio. S Jo.s
VI Biggs Jiv Orovllle
V W Graves. Portland
H T Lee- & w. Denver
\ J Anderson. Colo
a Bishop & f. Pa
II C Clark. Gonales
¦} Maher. Fresno^ ¦
V R'Macmurder,'"Cal
J Kyle & vr. Ga
W Paterson. Westley
Dr Burnham, Bakrsfld
W Durbrldg*. Stockton
Mrs .W M Miller. Cal
Mrs 8 de Camp, Cal
Mrs M Daniel, Texas
R S Berry. Ltndsay
A E Samuel. Salt Laka
T S Ford. Nevada
Dr Tlcksell & w, Cal
A Lalng. Va
Miss I Robb, Va
Ml«« A Robb, Va
H Wollerman. N T
J M Booth. Pomona
J W Baseberry. Cal
T F Fordham. Nev
D Williams. Ill
E E Watts, 111
W H Nlcholls. Cal
E A Eastln. Modesto
E P Stafford & w. Tex
F Outhrle & w. Pa
S E Wills. N Y
F Coombs, Napa
A J Larson. Lodl
W H Cook. L Ang
Mrs Martin. Oakland
O W Smith. Cal
Dr H Reamer. Pa
E H Harlow. Cal
Maude Stockton Or
M JI Stlckel, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
w Wilde. N Y
H Jenkins. Denver .
S B Adams, Sacto '
H Stuart, Los Ang
J Hosie. Los Ans
A J Gauthreaux. N Orl
A H Knowlton. Cal
Capt Englebletter, Cal
L .Wilson & w. Stkton
G Meyers,-. Denver
D J Gill & w. Boston '
D «J le ' Gt «. Boston
J McHugh. Kern city
J Harvey & w. Sacto
C Bacon & w. Fresno
R A Settle. Denver
A E Heskech, Cal
G Somervllle. St LouJt
L A Hursey & w. Iowa
J Woolery. ' Nebraska
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
, Afternoon Session.
500 Alta ............ C6 300 Crown Point 11
200 Belcher ........ 12 200 Hale & Notcts 1*
2C0 Beat & Belcher IS 200 Overman is
600 Best & Belcher 19 200 Savage «
K»l Challenge • 4S 200 Yellow jacket" r»
100 Challenge .....'. 4S ,700 Yellow Jacket!" 34
r.00 Challenge ......; AA 5CO Yellow j£ck£" !i
1C0 Confidence 1 60 S0O Yellow • Jacket.. 33
Morning Session.
300 Alta 07 2C0 Crown Point 11
600 Best & Belcher 20 200 Gould & Currv lfi
1000 Best &; Belcher IS 200 Gould & Currv rs
200 Best & Belcher 17 300 Hale & NorcVs 20
300 Bullion 03 COO Mexican . 1*
200 Caledonia 41 600 Mexican ia
50 Caledonia ...... 40 100 Ophlr .. -*- «n
600 Challenge ...... 40 600. Ophir . ' ?«
300 Challenge 33 300 Ophlr . " 70
300 Challenge .41 20O Potosl .." " 09
300 Chollar 10 400 Savage ti
50 Con Val & Va.2 15 600 Sierra Nevada* 18
I 250 Con Cal & V.2 12% 100 Sierra Nevada* ' lS
600 Con Cal & V.2 07% 1300 Yellow Jacket ' 30
200 Con Cal & Va.2 051 400 Yel ow Jacket * 31
\m ro n nd?nc & Va "? l ?i M0 Yelt °^ J«&t-~- »
300 Confidence 1 55 1
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 13 500 Hale & Norcra 13
500 Best & Belcher 17 200 Mexican .... 19
100 Caledonia ...... 40 ICO Occidental . 07
350 Challenge 40 100 Ophlr "* 79
SCO Chollar .; 11 200 Overman [I
100 Con Cal & Va.2 10 300 Potosl ... m
10O Confidence .... 150 200 Savage .... " 11
2C0 Crown Point .. 10 600 Yellow Jacket.. 20
600 Gould & Curry 17 1 T.V.- .
Following were the «alea on th« San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Cala-Standard 24
. 300 Junction 10
40 Monarch of Arizona 20
100 Occidental of W Va 85
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Cala-Standard 23
100 Caribou ¦. 95
400 Four Oil Co 33
200 Four Oil Co. s 90 37
1000 Independence, b 60 n
1000 Independence ' 10
MINING STOCKS.
Afternoon Session.
Board-
ISO Equitable Gas 500
' 60 Giant Powder Con 76 62%
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 16 00
JjOOO Los Angeles Ry 5s 115 50
20 Market Street Railway ; 25
$2000 Spring Valley 4.s (2d mtge) 103 50
PRODUCERS OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 5 00
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 16 25
120 Hutchlnson S P Co 16 00
00 Paauhau S P Co 21 25
6 Spring Valley, Water 86 00
Alaska Pack. .130 131 Oceanic S Co.. — EO
Cal Fruit Can. 96 .JS% Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wln« Asn. 99% — Pac C Borax. .165 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint .... lii —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Hana 6H 7 Kilauea 16% 16%
Hawaiian 49 56' Makawell 29ft —
Honokaa ...... 15% 16& Onomea 22 22>4
Hutchlnson ... 18 16& Paauhau 21 2lii
POWDER.
Giant 7C% 77 IVigorit 3 3U
SUGAR.
California ....130 13i iO S L & H.... 49 —
Geary — 40 Presidio 35 —
Market 74 747»l
Riverside— Oranges growing fast; deciduous
crop light; cloudy.
Stui Jose— North wind: foggy early morning;
weather Etlll favorable for fruits.
Holllster— Foggy morning; weather favorable
for. fruit and beets.
Palermo— Wind south; Bartlett pears being
picked for canneries.
Ventura— Fog and west wind this week will
about finish drying apricots.
Santa Maria — Clouds overcasting sky: first
mustard thrashing, crop pood; acreage re
stricted. /
Hanford — Calm; cloudy; fruit ripening fast.
Napa— South wind; clear morning; high fog;
all crops coming slowly.
« ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
STREET RAILROADS.
Contra Costa.. 73 77V4 1 Spring Vallty. S5U SS
Marin County. 80 . — .J
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L tt P... 4 5 Pac Light .... 45 47H
Equitable 5 &U Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4% < S F G A K.... « —
Oakland 50% 51 San Francisco. 4U 4*4
Pac Gas Imp.. 43 — Stktn G & E.. 8 — '
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. — 217 I
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 77tf — L P & A 150 —
California 404 — Mer Ex (Uq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO7H — S F National.125 130
First Nat S F.305 — t
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1910 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav... 49 -» Union Trust.. 1600 —
Ban Francisco.520 —
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
Unsettled weather prevails over the south
ern portion of California and the valley of the
Coloiado. Showers are reported at El Pa»o,
Vhoentx. KlamtuT. Yuma, San Lula Oblipo
and Modena. A storm of the Sonora type Is
moving slowly northward from the Mexican
boundary. High winds may be expected be
tween Turn* and El Paso.
The. tem:»erature hat fallen about 6 degrees
over* Arizona. Southern Utah and Southeast
ern California. Warm weather continues »n
the Sacramento Valley.
Forecast made at t?an Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight July 30, 1901:
Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday, with
fog along the coavt and probably light »how»
«rs In southern portion; frreh south winds In
the Interior; brisk westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Tuesday, probably light nhewers;
fr*»Fh southwest wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday, with showers In
southern portion; fresh westerly wind.
San Franciacc and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday;
fresh westerly winds, with fog.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Tem'ierature 7 a. m.— 50 degrees,
WATER STOCKS
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 6s.lO« — Oceanic S8 8s.lOIftlO3U
Cal-st 5s 116 — Omnibus C fcU27 —
O C Water 6S.1O7V4 — Pac G Ima 4s. — 100
L3d L & I' 6s..l2SV*n»% Pk & C H «s..10« —
Fer tc. Cl R 6S.117S — Pk & O R (a.. 117 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R Ss..l20 —
II C «% S 5%s,106>4 — Sac E G R 5a. — —
Do It — 10214 8 F & 8JV5S.120H —
Lob Ang R &S.115HUQ Sierra. Cal <Sn.. — — „
L A Light 6a.. — 103 S P of A 6s ' v "
Do cntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 112 —
Do gntd 5S..103 — UMO) m —
t A & Pac 58.101 103 S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5S..1O5VH — (1905), Ser A. - 109U
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l23V4 — (1905). Ser B.110 —
Do 1 c m :«. — 124»4 (1918) 112V1U4
NcvCNG 78.105 114 (191!) 120V4 —
Nor R Cal 6s. 111% — 3 P of Cal lsts
Do 5s 119 — c gntd 6« 107 "—
Nor Pac C 6a.lOCV4 - S P Br Cal 6s. 13* -
Dob — 105 S V Water 6s.. 114 —
Nor R Cal 6s. 110 111 Do 43 103*il04
Oak Gaa Cj....u:<j — Do 4s 3d mtg.lOlU —
Do Trana 6i. — 130 Stktn Gaa «s.. — —
Do Water 5s. - VOR
UNITED STATES BONDS.
. Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Is quar coup. ..113 113y£ Us qr cp (new).lSS 129
4s quar reg....lU lU'.jiSa quar coup. ..109 103*1
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. July 2>-2 p. m'.
Business was dull on the exchanges, and the
only variation worthy of note was a decline
in Uutchlnson Sugar to $16.
The Paclilc Coast Borax Company w|II pay
» dividend of fl per share on tne 31st.
believing that' a fair part of the crop might
be saved, and proceeded immediately to unload
thulr holdings, with the result that September
was quoted simultaneously from 5214c to 64c,
or l%faH4c to 2 7 /i@3c under Saturday's closing
price. There watt little else to the trade save
liquidation, which was continued with consid
erable activity to noon, when there was a
perceptible decrease In the volume of offer
ings. The price was kept well under 53c nil
the session following the opening, although
thera was a fair amount of covering by trad
ers who had had the courage to »ell short
when lirices were at their best. During the
afternocn September waa forced to S2V4c, and
although there was a sharp rally to 52</&c, the
tap of the sung announcing the closes found
the market weak and nervous, September at
Z2"i,c, a net loss for the day of 2Vj@'2Hc.
A potent combination worked to lower wheat
values, and prices all day were clove to the
bottom level. The corn break was, of course,
the chief factor, but weak cables and bearish
statistics formed an array which together
was equally weakening. • September opened
*4c to lc lower at t:<c to 6SHc. Liquidation
continued until the market, having experi
enced no rally of consequence, touched C'^c
Thin was near tho end of the uestilon, and re
ports of export buying and an nllegutton that
hall and rain had injured the Northwestern
crop created sufficient apprehension among
short*, whose numbers had been greatly.aug
mented during the day, to causa covering, un
der which September rallied to 67%c. The
close was weak, 2c under Saturday, at 67}ic.
In the oats pit selling was on a he ivy scale
for the country account, the Influence being
the corn weakness. September closed weak,
1V4W1KC lower at 32%c.
Provisions were neglected and fluctuations
were narrow. September pork closed 5c higher;
lard n shade lower, and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. lvow. Close.
Wheat No. 2-
July 67%. 68 66T4 6R%
! September 69 63 67V& 67%
December 70% 70=i 69V4 69%
Corn No. 2—
July B2V* fi2tf h\% 51%
September 52% 64 ¦ 52Vi 52%
•December 84% £4!i 53>,4 64'i
Oats No. 2—
July 33 33 S2V4 32%
September ."*.. 32% 34 32 32%
May 36 36Vs 35% 33%
1 Mess Pork, rer bbl.—
September 14 10 14 20 14 10 14 20
January 14 65 14 70 14 60 14 70 ,
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 8 52\i 8 60 8 50 8 u'KIt '
October ;... 8 57 Ms 8 62Vs 8 57& 8 62>a '
January....' S 50 8 57V4 8 50 8 55
Short Ribe, oer 100 lbs—.
September 7 85 7 S" 1^ -. 7 85 7 R7»4
October 7 874 7 90 7 8714 7 90
January..- 7 62% 7 67^i 7 62% 7 67'i
Cash quotations were as follows: . Flour, j
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 66@69c; No. 2 red,
6R^e?V4c; No. 2 corn, 51%c; No. 2 yellow, 52c; j
No. 2 oats, 32%(f33c; No. 2 white, 33U@34Vic;
No. 3 white, 33%@35%c: No.. 2 rye, 53Vic: No. 1
flaxseed, $1 R4; prime timothy seed, $5 25; me&s
pork, per bbl. $1* 10@14 J5; lard, per 100- lbs,
$8 52V4«T8 55: short ribs sides (loose), $7 85@7 93;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short
, clear sides (boxed), $8 25@S 35.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls ,. 30,000 19 000
Wheat, bu ......316,000 173,000
Corn, bu : 157,000 300,000
Oats, bu 299,000 147,000
Rye. bu 20,000 7.0CO
Barley, bu 4,000 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14%®20o; dairies
CHICAGO, July 29.— In corn there was but
one consideration— rain. After weeks of con
templation of a sliczling hot weather map, un
relieved by rain from one week's end to an
other, the Interest In corn came Into the pit
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
SAN FRANCISCO. July 29, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka. &(!; Red Bluff. 104; Sacramento. 92;
Mount Tamalpmlc. — ; Fresno. 104; Ban Lulu
Obts|K>, J8; Independence, 106; Los Angeles, 74;
Ban Diego, 70.
6an Francisco flata-Maxlmum temperature,
IS; minimum, 4S; mean, f>3.
Cl»th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
At the annual election cf the San Francisco
Produce Exchange Call Board Association yes
terday the entire regular ticket waa elected,
aa Tollows: Directors — G. W. McNear. presi
dent; H. Sherwood, vice -president; Henry F.
Allen, treasurer; E. W. Ferguson, Mas I.
Koshland, E. A. Bresse, E. E. Kahn. Appeals
committee— Maurice Cai>ey, J. J. Moore, M. A.
Mayhew. H. Slnshelmer. H. Epplnger. Arbi
tration committee — It. D. Glrvin, A. S. Mose
ley, A. O. Kleld.
Call Board Annual Election.
California dried fruits ruled Inactive, but
about steady. Prunes, 2HQ"Uc, &a l " " tce " ni1
quality. Aiuli-gtM— Koy:il, MilLV; Moorpark, TVs
ttltc. Peaches— Peeled, llfniso; unpeelcii,
CyiOc.
NEW YORK, July 29.— There was falrdemand
for evaporated apples and 'a firm undertono
prevailed throughout the day. Orders were In
evidence and prices took a higher level. State,
common to good, 4®6Msc; prime, 6©7c; choice,
O'Jifr'iio; fancy. 7'M« v Sc.
DRIED FRUITS.
BUTTER— Receipts. 7800 packages; strong;
State dairy, 14@19c: creamery, lfittfSOVic; factory,
lSitil'it;: Imitation creamery, 14itl7c.
EOGR— Receipts, 72CO packnecs; State, firm;
Western, candled, 14«fl5c; Western, uncandlcd,
$tfl2c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady to ttrm; fair refining,
3 9-16c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 6-32c. Molasrea
HURar, 3 fi-lGe; rellned, quiet.
COFFEE— Spot R.lo, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 5%e:
mild, dull; Cordova, SgfUttc Futures closed
quiet at a' net decline of 5 points. Total Ealt3,
17.750 bags, Including: August, H 90; September,
$4 95; December, |5 103(5 20; January, $5 15;
March, $5 35ift5 40; May, $2 <."•<?.< .1 50.
WOOL— Dull
WHEAT— Receipts, 164,359 bushels; exports,
436,357-bushels; spot, weak; No. 2 red,-75%c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, 73',(jc, elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 75%o f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 84V4C f. o. b. afloat. Options were weak
and 2o lower by reason of the Improved crop
conditions, weaker cables,- the break In corn, a
heavy visible supply, liberal receipts and liqui
dation; closed weak at l%@2c net decline. July
74H@75i4c. closed' 74%c; September 73 1-16©
•74 5-16C. closed 73V{c; October 73%@74%c. closed
74 Vc; December 75 1-16@"6 3-16c, closed 73&c.
HIDES-Steady. .
NEW YORK. July 29.— FLOUR— Receipts, 29.
1S8 barrels; exports, 11,100 barrels; quiet, easier;
Minnesota patents, $3 40@4.
New York Grain and Produce.
The British steamer Klntuck cleared this
evening for St. Vincent with a cargo of wheat
valued at $115,500. A portion of, the cargo is
consigned direct to Rotterdam.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, Wash., July 29.— WHEAT— Blue-
Stem, 57c; Club, 56c.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 29.— Wheat dull, but
not quotably lower. Walla Walla, 56c; Blue
stem, 57^4c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
LIVERPOOL, July 2U.— Wheat, ij'itH; No. 1
Standard California, 6s ld©ls 2d; French coun
try markets, quiet, but steady; cotton, up
lands, 4»ic
LONDON. July 2D.-Con*ols, 83V4; silver,
26 13-16; French rentes. ICOf 50c; cargoes on
pasr.agft, heavy and depressing; No. 1 Htanrlard
California. 29s 6d: Walla, Walla, 2Ss 9d: Eng
lish country markets, firm; Imports Into United
Kingdom, wheat, 294.000; flour, 210,000; wheat
and Hour on pasvagc: to Contlnmt. 1,510,'X-O.
NEW YORK, July 59.— The cotton market
closed barely steady, prices net 16 points lower
to S points hl^'ncr.
! Foreign Markets.
Nrd) York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 23.— The visible sunply of
grain Saturday, July 27, as compile 1 by the
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
¦\Vhent, 29,270,000 bushels; Increase, l.SSD.OOO
bushels.
Corn, 13.3S7.OOO ¦ bushels; Increase, 145.C0O
bushels.
Oatfi, 5.667.CCO bushels; decrease, C74.OOO
buHhelw.
Uye. 558,000 bushels: Increase. 125,000 bushelr.
Barley, 308,000 bushels; decrease, 33.UO0
bushels. I
Visible Grain Supply.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Pears—Bart
letts. $2 1S®2 30. Plums— Wlckson, $170@180;
Bradshaw, 95c@$l 25 single crates; Columbia,
60c@$l 75; Purple Duane. $1 70@l 80; Burbank,
$1 40®l 60; Yellow Egg, $1 75®1 80; Washington,
average $175; Imperial, average $140; Dia
monds, $2 10@2 35; Quackenboss, $2 30@2 So.
Peaches— Early Crawfords, 80@S5c. Prunes-
Italian, average $125; German, $1 65@1 93.
CJrapes — Malvoise, average $1 30.
PHILADELPHIA, July 29.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit here to-day at
auction and realized the following prices:
Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $2@2 15, average $2 10.
Four cars sold to-day. Weather very hot.
BOSTON, July 29.— The Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit here to-day at auction
realized the following prices: Pears— Bartletts,
boxes, $1 S0@2 20. average $2; halves, 85c@$l,
average 95c; Clapp's Favorite, half-boxes, aver
age 95c. Peaches— Early Crawfords. boxes, 00c
@J1 03, average 83o; Susquehanna, boxett, aver
age 90c; Deckers, boxes, 45c® $1 15, average
$1 10; Fosters, boxes, C5(ffftOe,. average 85c.
Plums— Kelsey Japans, single crates,' $1 35ft!
2 40, average $2 01; Eureka, Hlngle . crates, $165
ffjl 90, averag*! Jl 77; Wlcksons. single crates,
$1 S?>&2. average $1 99; Nectartnea, single cratea,
83c(fi$l 20, average $1 09. Fifteen curs eokl here
to-duy. wenther hot nnd unfavorable.
CHICAGO. July 29.— Porter Hros. Company's
sales of Cullfurnla fruit: Peaches— F.oster. 55e
<fl$l box: Crawford, 40<fr80c: St. John, avernce
40o; Orange Cling, average 80c: Docker, average
"Oc. Plums— Yellow Kgg. $1 60W1 60; llurbank,
$1 Mifi 1 40; ' Sutsumn, avernge ' $1 05; Imperial,
average 75c; Abundance, !i.V<fi$l 10; Purple Du
ane; 7.Vf«$i 30; assorted, nveruge $1 20; Climax,
average $1 43; Peach, a vertigo }i 10; .In pun,
nvcrnge $1 10; Wlcktion, 55c(!T$l 60; Ogon, $1 2Z$p
1 CO. Prunes— German, $1 45ffh 50, single crates;
Trugedy, $1 90JJ2. Urapea— Tokays, 60{?75c, sin
gle crates, l'onrs— UnrtlPttH, $2 30Cf2 4S; Clapp's
Favorite, avcrugo $1 10, half boxes. Nectarines
—Red, average, 75c. ulngto crates.
Tho Hurl Fruit Company realized the fol
lowing prices ut their Mule of Cnlirornla fruit
at nuutlun hvro to-riny: drupes— Fontalnebleau,
strigle crater, $1 73(111 00, avernge $1 84; Mus
cats, Htngle I'tnion, average $2 0">; Malaga Clus
ters, single crutcx, avcruge $3 05. l'enra — Hart
letts, boxes, $2 15 ft/2 50, average $2 3$; half
boxoK, POcHf$l 20, average $1 16; Clapp's Fa
vorite, half boxes, average $1 05. Penchcs—
Crawfords, boxes, 75cff$l, average 70c; Fosters,
boxes, 15®S0e. average 73c: St. Johns, single
crates, average $1 06; Perfection, boxes, 40<g)70v\
average 61c; Deckers, boxes, 50i&)70c, average
66c: St. Johns, boxes, GOffTOOe, average 53c: Sus
quehanna, boxes, average COc; Twin Sisters,
boxes, average 53c, Plums— Yellow Eggs, uln-
Kle crates. $1 83©1 70, •¦ average $1 C2; Kcl«ey
Japans, single crates', $145^2. average ICJ;
Satsumas, single crates, $1 ."nffj 1 75, average
$1 C9: QuuckenbOBs, single ernes. $1 S0<f?2, aver
age $1 S6; Burbanks. single crates. $1 1»«1 4.'.,
average $1 29; Diamond, single crates. $!(f?l 2.1,
average $2 16; Eureka, single crafs, $1 40£?l 43,
average $1 43; Purple Duane, single crates,
$1 40® 1 45, average $1 42. Prunes— Gros. single
crates. $1 70JJ:l 80. average $1 72: Germans, sin
gle, crate*. $1 83fal 90, average $1 S7; California,
single crates, $1 70@l 75, average $1 72. Eighteen
cars sold here to-day. Wenther hot.
NEW YORK, July 29.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, $2 10
5f2 35 box. Peaches— Early Crawfords, 6ocQI
$1 15 box. . PlumB— Kelsey Japans, $1 20@2 50
single crates; Yellow Egg, average $1 30; Co
lumbia, $1 10©l 85; Golden Drop, average $1 53.
Prunes— Tragedy, $1 40@2 05 single crates; Ger
man, $1 40®2. Nectarines averaged 70o single
crates.' Grapes— Malaga, ¦" $1 85@1 90 single
crates.
Estate of Calvin F. Fargo (by executors) to
David S. Parker, lot on K line of Front street,
115:9 N of California. N 21:9 by K 87:6; $13,500.
Charles B. Elliott to James Papina. lot on X
line of Pine street. 119:2 W of Stockton, W
33:4, N 69:6, W 40, N 20. E 60, N* ID, E 14, S
39. E 4:4. S 59:6; $10.
. Alexander II. Everett to Ellen H. Everett,
lot on E line of Third avenue. S25 S of Laka
street. S 25 by E 120; $1.
John F. and Emma Runge to Johan Runge,
lot 2tf. gift map 1; $10.
Sharon Estate Company (corporation) to An
na A. O'Connell. lot on S line ot Fulton street,
137:6 E of Polk, E 63:9 by S 120; S27.C0O.
Estate of Amelia V. R. Plxley iby J. F. D.
Curtis and Union Trust Company, executors)
to Alexander Ekatrand. lot on S line of Fil
bert street. 225 W of Fill more. W 35 by d
137:6; 1875.
Same to Margaret K. Foulkes. lot on N line
of Green street, 52:6 E of Steiner, E 23 by N
100: $1700.
Emile Soher to Adele P. Soher, lot on S lln»
of McAllister street. 230 W of Steiner, W 23
by S 137:6; gift.
Eliza or Eltae and Henry Raschen to Robert
G. and Martha E. Barton, lot on >»' line of
Union «treet, 84:2 E of Pierce. E 28:4 Dy N
ICO: ?1O.
Ann Ryan to Horace C. Sexton, lot on E lln»
of San Carlos avenue (Jessie), 210 S of Eight
eenth. S,25 by E 80; $10.
Walter I., Jennie and Edith C. Sedgley, Don
zel and Emmie S. Stoney. George O. and
Georclana H. Sedsley. Kosetta L. Lee anit
Lucy I. Jory to John F. Friedrlchs. lot on . K
line of Folsom street, 123 N of Eighteenth, N"
160, E 147, SE 160, W to beginning, ({uitclalm
deed: $10.
Susan Elliot to Wlllanl M. Smith, lot on K
line of Noe street. ISO N ot Fourteenth. N 23
by E 162; S2S00.
Toraaso and Carolina Demattel to Pletro De
mattei, undivided half of lot on sH curner of
Vallejo street and Ohio place, K 31:3 by S
E7:6; $10.
Oliver Eidrtdge to Elizabeth A. Heyilen
feldt. lot on NW corner of Geary and WVhwt.r
streets, W 23:9 by N 113; also lot on X Una
of Pacific street, 101:6 W of Dupont, W 36 by
N 137:6; $10.
Amos Mecartney to Mary A. F. Rafferty
(wife of John), lot on NW line of Folaom
street. 46C N of Second. NE 80 by NW SO. quit
claim deed; $l.
Charles and. Agnes Troyer to California Ecl
•lowi Manufacturing Company, lot on SK Una
ot Federal street. 162 :« NE of Second. NE 25
by SE 80; $ .
Edith J. and Naomi 21. Lnrzelere to Naomi
Larzelere (widow), lot on S line of Bryant
street, 619 NE of Third, NE 20 by SE 80: $1000.
Estate Rosetta A. Sedgley (by Edith. C
Sedgley and J. Kel.v>, surviving trustees) to
Rosetta I... Lee and George L. Center, lot on
i: line of Florida street. 123 9 of Sixteenth
(Center), 8 25 by E 100; also lot on K line of
Florida street, 125 N of Seventeenth (SanU
Clara), N 25. by E 100; also lot on NE corner
of Folsom and Eighteenth streets, N 123. E
157:6%. S 123. W 163:1; also lot on SW corner
of Eighteenth street and Treat avenue. S ICO
by W S3; also lot on S corner of Third avenue
and N street. SW 200 by SE 50; $13,700.
Edith C, Walter I. and Jennie Sedgley, Don
sel Stoney, Lucy I. Jory, Oeorge O. and O. II.
Sedgley to same, same (five piece*): $10.
L. A. Pellet to D. O. Hunt, undivided one
half Interest in lot on SE corner of B atreet
and Twenty-seventh avenue, E ISO by S 132:6;
110.
Albert Meyer to Mary E. Benson (wife of
John A.), lot on NE corner of I street and
Nineteenth avenue. N 100 by E 125: $10.
Matthias K. and Helen Gray to William
Nlcol. lot on SW Hne of Twenty-fourth avenue,
300 SE of I street, SE 70:2^4. SE 139:8^. NW
147:8%. NE 100, block 463, Bay View Home
stead: $10.
Lizzie E. Pratt vs. P. Fret* (by O. H. Buck
ingham, referee) to Daniel Keefe, lot on s\V
corner of Army and Alabama streets. W 200:3.
S 384:5%. NE 132. N J2. NE 75, N to beginning;
84000.
Same to same, lot on SW corner of Army and
Harrison streets; S 238:6%. SW 33. N 231. E
33: $800.
1 F. W. and Francetta L. Sumner to Matilda
Moffet (wife of Samuel), lot on SW line of
Sixteenth avenue, 200 SE of Q street. SE 23
by SW 100. block 333. O'N. & If. Tract: 110.
Walter I. and Jennie Sedgley to Edith C.
and George O. Sedgley. Lucy I. Jory (wife of
William E.) and Rosetta L. Lee, lot In Lena
Mountain Cemetery, quitclaim deed; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
James Doran (owner) with Newsom A Mc-
Neil (contractors), architect M. J. Welsh— All
work except plumbing, gas fitting, sewertng,
brick work and grading (which owner will do)
for a two-story frame building (two tene
ments) on W lln« of Capp street. 233:4 N of
Twenty-sixth. N 21:8 by W 113: $2987.
Dr. C. B. Biigham (owner) with O. H. Moore
(contractor), architects Bllsa ft Favtlle — Alter
ations and additions to residence at 2202 Broad
way; $5400.
Mrs. Myra A. Greenwood (owner) with H. H.
Larsen & Bros, (contractors), architects Rei.t
Bros. — Brick steel. Iron and, stone work. etc.
for an additional story to bulldlnsr now in pro
cess of erection on S line of Mission street ex
tending through to Minna between Shaw ailey
and Second street, ino block 347: $4474 73.
Same owner with C- Krecker (contractor), ar
chitects name — Carpenter work for same on
same; $2531.
H. C. and Alleen J. Flnkler (owners) with
J. V. Campbell (contractor), architect .
—All work for story and a half frame resi
dence on N line of M street. 82:6 W of Ninth
avenue. W 27:6 by N 10O; S260O.
Theodore Kannltz and wife (owners) with
Amos Dannelfelser and William Lemser (con
tractors), architect . — All work for a two
story and basement frame building. on N Hne
of Solano street. 75 W of Mississippi, W 100 P
N. 280; $2940. ' "
James Kltterman (owner) with A. Gullbert
(contractor), architects William Mooser & Son
—Carpenter work and plastering for an addi
tional story to frame building on N line of
Lombard street. 137:6 W of Stockton. W 62 by
N 137: $2700.
A. M. Speck (owner) with William Helbin?
(contractor), architects Rousseau & Son— All
work except painting for a two-story frame- (3
flats) with concrete foundations on W line of
Sixth avenue. 275 S of C street. S 75 by W 13) •
O. L. 386; $12,000. '*
BEAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
California Fruit Sales.
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat lower. Other cereals dull and unchanged.
Continued rains reported in the Corn belt.
Bran higher again. Hay weak and unchanged.
Pink Beans held still higher.
Potatoes still in demand for shipment.
Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Two cars of Eastern. Poultry arrived.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs higher.
Fruit' in larger receipt, but moving more freely.
Nothing' new in Dried Fruit.
Provisions sltowno change.
Meat qtwtations as before.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
MONDAY, July 23—4 jw m.
Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 C5 Justice OS ID
Alta 05 CSjKentuek 03 04
Andes 04 Ci Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 11 13 Mexican IS 20
Best & Belcher IS l9!Occidental 05 07 4
Bullion — 03 Ophlr 77 73
Caledonta 30 41 Overman 16 17
Challenge 44 -15 Potosl OS 10
Chollar 10 12 Savage 09 11
Confidence 1 60 1 $3 Scorpion — M
Con Cal & Va.2 10 2 13 Seg Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 17 19
Con New York. 01 02) Silver Hill .... 2S 30
Crown Point .. 13 13 St Louts 0& —
Eureka Con ••.. 10 — Standard — 3 63
Exchequer — 02' Syndicate 03 —
Gould & Curry 17 18 Union Con 13 17
Halo & Norcra 17 IS Utah 02 04
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 83 34
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Flour, qr Hits 22.4S? Middlings, sks ... 400
Wheat, ctls 5.20* Onions, sks 4.033
Barley, ctls 870 May. tons 82S
Oats, ctls 4,010 Htraw, tons 23
Sugar, ctls r.:,r Wool, bales 7S
Tallow, ctls 204 Pelts, bdls E43
Butter, ctls 234 Hides, No 773
Cheese, ctli -1 Eggs, doz 16,700
Reans, eks 700 Wine, cuts 3,400
Potato**, sks .... 6,229 Leather, rolls .... 74
Bran, sks 209
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska...... 8,054
FOR MONDAY. JULY 19.
Receipts of Produce.
Cubes. Crushed and fine Crushed. 5.73c:
Powdered. 5.35c; Cnndy Granulated. 5.3oe:
Dry Granulated. 5.23c; Confectioner*' A.
5.25c: Fruit Granulated, 5.25c; Beet Granu
lated, 6.15c; Magnolia A, 4. We; Extra C,
4.75c; Golden C. 4.65c; barrels, 10c mon>; half
barrels, 25o more: boxes, SOc more: 50-lb bag*.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels, 6c; boxes. 6.25c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral, 19c: Star.
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, In bulk, 15c; In cases,
21c; Benzine,' In bulk, 14c: In cases, 20c; 86-de
gree Gasoline in bulk, 20c; In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon In cases and
E2c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound. In 100-lb bags:
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
75c; pure. $1 30: Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
94c; raw. 92c; cases. 5c more: Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc: cases. 85c; Chirm
Nut, 53$?63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases. 70c: Sperm, pure. 65c; "Whale
Oil. natural white.. 37&©42Hc per gallon: Fish
Oil.* In barrels. 35c: case*. 40c.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $9: Seattle, $7; Bryant. $« 60: Coos Bay,
$5 60: Wallaend. $9; Co-operatlvo Wallsend. $9;
Cumberland. $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Ese, $14: Cannel. $10
per ton; Cdke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In
racks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
GRAIN BAGS-Calcutta, Grain Bags, 8c:
local make, Uc less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
82035c; Fleece Twine, 7%©8c: Fruit Bags. 5%©
6c for cotton and 8Vi®S%c for Jute.
There Is nothing new to report.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
arc aa follows:
BEEF— €©6%o for Steers and 6©«c per lb for
C °VEAL— Larjje. 7©Sc; small. 8©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©Sc; Ewes, 7®7'/ic per
pound. ¦ ¦
LAMB— Spring. 8tf©9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. «%«?
6%c; over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders. : sows, 20 per
cent off. boars 60 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7K69KC. i -<,.
General Merchandise.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 14©15%c: . do. Lambs', lie per lb:
Northern, free. 12@13e: defective. 9«Uc: Middle
County, free, • 10©llc; do, defective, 8@l0c:
Southern, 12 months. S©9c: Southern, free. 7
months 7®10c; do. defective. 7 months, 7®8c:
Oregon Valley, fine, 14iR13c: do. medium and
coarse. 1 1013c : Oregon. Eastern, choice, lit? 13c:
do. fair to good. 9® lie: Nevada. 10®llV4e. Fall-
San Joaquln Lambs'. 7%©9c.
HOPS— 15@20O per lb.
—Prime Angoras. ; 75c; large and smooth. 60c:
mPdlum, 33c. " - j ¦".
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%^ per lb; choice,
5c: No. 2, 3H@4c; grease, 2H©3c.
HIDES. AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
rfbout Ittc ¦' under. , quotations. , Heavy \ salted
Steers, IS^gllc;' medium. 9@10c; light, SV4@9c;
Cow, Hides, 8%@9He .' for beavyi and.8^@9c for
light; Stags, 1 6V4c: Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal,
9V4@10c;. Salted Calf. 10c; Dry, Hides, ¦ 16@16',4c-
Culls. 14c; Dry Kip. 10c; Dry Calf, 17@l7&c;
Culls and Brands, 14@15c ; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 15@30c each: short Wool. 30@50(; each: me
dium, 50@k5c: long Wool; ', 75c|JjS$l • each : Horse
Hides, salt. $2 5002 75 for large' and $2@2 25 for
medium; SI 50@l 75 for small and EOc fgr Colts:
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, ; $1 50 for me
dium,. $1.25 for small and 50c for. Colts. Deer
skins— Summer or red skins.' 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c: per i D f or
compound and 10^c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10%c; 10-lb tins, liy t c; 5-lb tins, ll%c. .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9Hc: three
half-barreis, 9Vic: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces,. 8%c per lb. • .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.,
. CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12ftc for light medium, 13<£o for light. 14Hc for
extra light and 16o for sugar-cured; .Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13H@14c; California Hams,
13c; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50;
Family, $13 B0: prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 13 V4® He
per lb. - . -
The trade report further ease In moving goods,
as more 'teams are running. The market re
mains as before quoted.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. Il@12o for bright and 9®10c
for light amber; water white extracted, 5%'tf6c;
light amber extracted, 4U<$5c; dark. 3Vi@4Vic
BEESWAX-260280 per Jb. .
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12«?12tte: No.'
2. S<i?NMic; No. 1 hardshell, lflcfnoVic: No. 2, 6Vf»'
7'/tc; Almonds, 13®14c for paper-shell, lnrffllc for
softshell and 55?6c for hardshell: Peanuts, fi@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, l2:al2Vic: Filberts,
12CT12Ho: Pecans, IWlSa; Cocoanuts. S3 S0»5.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@9c for new Royals and
7%c to 14o for standard to fancy Moorparfcs;
new Evaporated Apples, 5@7c; new reaches.
6c for July and 5V4c for August delivery; Pears
4@8c; Plums, pitted, 3i@5c; unpltted, %@lV4c;
Nectarines, 4@4V4c for red and 4@5e for white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes: 40-50s, 6tfc; 50-6Ps. 4^c;
60-70«, 8?ic: 70-SDs. 3%c; S0-90s, t%c: 90-1008, 214c;
100-120S, lHc - ¦ i
The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices- Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; .choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10Ho per Jb;
choice, 9V4c; standard, S%c; prime, Sc; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6V4c; 2-crown, 6c;
Paclflo brand— 2-crown, 5c: 8-erown. 6Vic, and
4-crown, 5%c: seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c; Lon-
Oon .Layers. 2-crown, $150 per box; S-crown,
$160; Fancy Clusters, ¦ $2; Dehesa, $3 50; Impe
rials, $3. . All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
There Is nothing new to report.
Receipts wewi considerably larger yesterday,
but there were more teams at work and tho
wharves were rensonably cleared, though not
until late In the day. The canners succeeded
In getting ,miine supplies. Peaches and Pluma
continued firm and brought higher figures. Figs
worn scarce and arrivals of Grapes w»re light.
Cantaloupes were lower. Three enrs of Water
melons came In without affecting quotations
much.
•DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— S5c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 40@7Sc for ordinary.
APUlCOT&-2R@40c per box, 40® 60c per crate;
In bulk, $lu@15 per ton for small unit *20@25 tor
larce.
CRABAPPLES- 40®S5c per box, according to
package. . *
PLUMS— 30@75c per box and 40@60c per bas
ket; Prunes", 50iJIS5c per crate and 40@60c per
basket; Green Gages. $13@J7 50 per ton; Egg
Plums. 30{?33c per basket. *
PEACHES— 35<S60c per box "and 33$60c per
basket and $205725 per ton for Frees and $30®
40 for. Clings; Sawyer's Seedlings, per bas
ket.
¦ NECTARINES— White, 40@50c per box; Red,
40®63c. '
; PKARS— Bartletts. $1W1 23 per box for No. 1.
3&5J75C for No. 2 and $259*40 per ton. -
STRAWBERRIES— $3(56 per chest for Long
worths and $4tf75 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $4@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $6@7 per chest. '
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES-8@10c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 75c@$l per box for single and
$1 50(S2 for double layers; White, $1. .
MELONS — Nutmegs, 50c<J?$l 25 per box: Can
taloupes, $1@1 25 p«r half crate and $1 50^2 eO
per large crate; Watermelons, from Fresno, S@
23c apiece.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau. 50@73c per box: To
kay. per crate; Muscats, $1@1 25; Seedless,
$1@1 23; Black. $1@1 25.
CITRUS FRUITS— Mediterranean, Sweets,
Valenclas and St. Michaels. $li?D3 25; Lemons,
EOcjr$l 50 for common- and $2® 3 50 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. 50cift$1 50: Mexican Limes,
$5 50@6; Bananas, 73c(?f$l 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50@2 50 per dozen..
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CHEESE— New. 9«10c: old. nomlnnl: Toung
Ar.n rlcas, lOSHlc per lb: Eastern. 13©13e.
EGGS— Ranch. 17W20c for «ood to fancy; store,
14@ltJc per dozen; EaBtern, I5c.
Deciduous and. Citrus Fruits.
Eggs are firm as far as ranch nre concerned
and the quotation* .have been advanoed. Sup
plies of this description are moderate. RacelpU
are much lighter.
Cheese Is firm and unchanged. .
Butter rules steady for the upper grades of
creamery, which are not in heavy supply, but
the medium and lower grades are quoted weak
with n tendency to accumulate. JfJ
Receipts were 82,000 pounds ana*. 22 tubs of
Rutter. 591 cases of Eggs. — cases Eastern
Kggs. 8000 pounds of California Chees*. 40.S60
pounds Oregon Cheese and pounds Eastern
Cheese. *
: BUTTER— Creamery, 20@21o per lb for fancy
and lflffilDVic for seconds; dairy, 14@19c per lb.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 8090 for Gobblers
and NITSc for Hens: Geese, per pair, $1W1 25;
Goslings. $1 12V4©1 23; Ducks. S2 50W3 for old
and $3©4 for young; Hens. $3 R0CT4; young
Roosters, $4 50GT5; old Roosters, $3 6004; Fryers,
$3 60ifj:4; Broilers. $2 60$3 for large and $1 60<&2
for small; Pigeons. $1 60©l 75 per dozen for old
and $1 25®1 50 for Squabs.
OAME-Hare, $101 B0: RAbblU. *1®1 CO for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush. '• ¦»•.;
' The market wa« dull with some carried over
nwl fresh stock offering at last week's prices.
Two cars of Eastern came In.
Poultry and Game.
Dealers report a continued demand for Po
tatoes for shipment, though it is not as sharp
as It was a week ago. Prices remain about
the same. Onions, too, are unchanged.
The Vegetable market continues liberally
supplied and weak, but prices show -no marked
° POTATOES— 85c@U 15 In sacks and $1©1 85 in
boxes for Burbanks, 90e©Sl for Garnet Chiles
•and OOc@Jl for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks,
$1 23<fJ>l 50. •
ONIONS— Yellow, 85®93o per ctl.
VKGKTABLES— Asparagus, «1 7o©2 25 for
largo anil 50c<!f*l 50 for ordinary; Green Pens.
lttS^c: String Beans, l®3c; Llmas, 4@3c; Cab
bage. 35]? 40a j>er ctl,; Tomatoes, from tho Klver.
In laigo boxes. 2T.<B>40c: Dried Peppers. 12JT_lSc;
Green Okra, 75c«m P«r box: Carrots. gSOSSo
per sack; Cucumbers, Bay. 30<B40c; Plpklos. lV t e
per lb for small and lc for large; OaHte 2©3c:
Gre«n Peppers, 60c®|l per box for Chile and
•»t©l 50 for Boll: Egg Plant. G0c«m per box;
Green Corn. 50c«$l per sack: Alameda. $1©
1 HO per crate; Berkeley. 85c©$l: Summer
Squnnh. large boxes, 15©23o; New Marrowfat
Squash, $105(13 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Pink Beans are now advanced to $2 by
holders, but no sales at the advance are re
ported. Other descriptions remain unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 4S®2 60; Small White.
$4 80©4 95; Large White. $3 40©3 75; Pink. $1 80
@2; Red, . $3 15@3 25; Blackcye. S3 23©3 40;
Llmas, J6 30@6 40; Red Kidney. $4 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown . Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 7503; Canary, SJ40
3>ic for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%0
2tfc; Hemp. 34e per lb. .
DRIED PEAS— Niles. ,$1 65 per ctl. •
Beans and Seeds.
There were 22 cars of Hay on the tracks yes
terday morning, and dealers reported the usual
demand and the usual weakness. Prices show
ed no change. '¦¦•-. -
Bran has again advanced. Middlings are un
changed. ¦ • ¦
BRAN-S18 50@19 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-S19 50@2l per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J23©26: jobbing.
»26 50; Cocoanut Cake. • $17® IS: Corn Meal.
$30 60O31 50; Cracked Corn, $31@32; Mixed Feed.
$17® 18.
HAY— New Is quotable as follows: Wheat,
$7@9 50; choice. $10: Wheat and Oat, $8 G0©9;
Oat. $6@8 60; Barley and Oat, $6©S; Alfalfa.
$74i'U: Clover. $5 son 7: Volunteer. $4 SO@J 50.
STRAW— 25©42V4c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
3 60. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. S3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75® 3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', 12 73
@3. '• ' • ¦• . ¦ i •"
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In 'sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. S.1 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 p Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, J7; Corn Meal. S3 25;
sxtra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
S4<?4 25; Buckwheat. Flour, S4@4 25; , Cracked
Wheat. *3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole • Wheat
Flour. $3 (6: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 8508 35;
In. sacks. $6 50@8; P«arl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, ?5; Grocn Peas, {6 £0 per 100 lbs.
. THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 30, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
at the' decline and the' market closed dull and
easy at 16%®17c for Lake Superior and ¦ 16%@
lC%c for casting and electrolytic. The London
copper market was without change, closing at
£67 13s 9d for spot and £6S Is 3d for futures.
• Tin hero was quiet and unchanged at *27 75<S>
18 for spot.* while abroad an advance of 13s was
scored, but ( the close was easy In tone, spot
standing at £120 15s and futures at £116 5s. •
Lead wna unchanged here and abroad, closing
at $4 374 and £12 respectively. .
Spelter ruled dull and featureless at nomi
nally unchanged prices. 1 The London market
closed dull at £16 12s fid.
American Iron markets developed little or no
feature to-day. Prices were unchanged and
tone dull. Piglron warrants closed at $!> 50{«
10; Northern foundry 'No. 1, S15S15 50: No. 2
Southern, $14^14 fiO; No. 1 foundry Southern,
$11 73(^13 B0, and No. 1 foundry Southern, soft,
$14 73<f?lG 23. Glasgow warrants closed at 54s
and Middleboro at 45s 3d.
"WASHINGTON, July 29.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclurlve of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In tho
division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balances, $175,237,310; sold,
J98.2C3.68S. ,Mj . .
Condition of the Treasury.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July 29.— Anaconda, 94: Atchlson,
77%; do prefd., 99; Canadian Pacific, 109%: Den-
Ver d . R1 ° °rande. 43; do prefd.. 93%: South
f™ Pacific, 6Stf; Union Pacific. 1C3; do prefd,
90^: bar silver, quiet, 26 15-16d per ounce;
money, 2@2H per cent.
tango was S per cent. Erles and Readings
¦were Bcarcer.
Foreign Futures.
NEW YORK. July 29.— The • general market
for metals was quiet to-day. Demand was' Blow
and , price changes 'few and 'far between reside
from the decline In copper,' which . constituted
the first change In that metal - in over ; six
months."?Iffo buslnessof . imoortance. was done
•New . York Metal Market.
HOGS— Receipts. 5439.. Mostly 10c" lower
Light and light mixed. $3 43<g5 80; m«dlum and
heavy, $5 55@5 85; pigs, fZ@i 25; bulk, $5 50
@5 T8. :.-¦.-. ,
SHEEP— Receipts, 2881.. Opened steady;
closed dull ; lower. . ¦ , -
8
TUB COAST HECORD.SAN FRANCISCO MAN WHO DISAPPEARED FROM WEST BERKELEY
ON LASTMONDAY, AND FOB WHOM POLICE ON BOTH SIDES OF
THE BAY ARE MAKING A SEARCH.
Paul Alexis.
PARIS. July 29.— Paul Alexis, the nov
elist, Is dead.
NATCHEZ, Miss., July 29.— Captain Ly
man G. Aldrich. a distinguished ex-Con
federate soldier, member of the executive*
'board of control of the Endownment Rank,
Knights of Pythias, and prominent Mason,
died here to-day. - ¦ .
Captain Lyman O. Aldxich.
SANTA CRUZ, July 29.— Jesse Cope died
here last night. He was a native of Mis
souri, aged 54 years. He came to Califor
nia in early days and was formerly a
prominent merchant here. He served this
county as Sheriff and as a member of
the Assembly.
Jesse Cope.
¦ SAN JOSE, July 29.— A contract was
filed in the Recorder's office to-day where
by Stanford University, through Mrs.
Stanford, leases a building and lot on the
university campus to the United States
Government for postofflce purposes. The-
Iea^e is for' five years, at an annual rental
Of ?400. •
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Postof flee on Stanford Campus.
OAKLAND, July 29.— Manuel Sllva.
whose Bkull was fractured by a rock dis
lodged by a blast at Hutchinson & Ram
sone's quarry, died to-day. . '
Dies From Fractured Skull.
BERKELEY. July 29.— Dr. Max I* Mar
golis. associate professor of the Semitic
languages at the University of California,
has returned to his , Oakland home from
Atlantic City, N. J.. where he has been at
tending the meeting of the Jewish Chau
tauqua Society. He had been East several
weeks.
Dr. Margolis Returns.
OAKLAND. July 29.— Marriage licenses
were issued at the County Clerk's ofncA
to-day to the following named: J. S.
Mathews of Oakland, aged 22 years, and
Irene Halstead of Oakland, aged 18 years:
J. E. Ross of Healdsburg. aged SO years.
and Louise Davidson of Healdsburg, aged
37 years; Frank D. Donahue of San Fran
cisco, aged 40 vears, and Jennie L. Sprid
gens of San Francisco, aged 32 years.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. July 29.— Albert E. Crane,
one of the pioneers of Alameda County,
died at the home of his son. C. C. Crane.
at Decoto. on Saturday evening at the age
of 74 years. Mr. Crane was in business in
Alvarado when that was the county seat
of Alameda County, in 1S33. For years h©
was the partner of William Whidden In a
large ranch, air! of late years he has been
in the real estate business in San Fran
cisco. The deceased wa3 the brother of A.
M. Crane, tha blind Superior Judge of
Alameda County, and leaves two sons, C.
C. Crane, the Pacific Coast agent of tha
New York Central Hne3, and H. H. Crane.
Death, of a Pioneer.
FARMER FOXTND DEAD
IN HIS OWN TABD
August Brecht Commits Suicide Wita
Revolver on Sis Ranch ITear
Iiivermore. <
LIVERMORE. July 29.— August. Brecht,
a. farmer, 58 years of age, was found dead
in his front yard this morning with a pis
tol bullet through his head. It is undoubt
edly a case of suicide, though no cause
can be assigned for the act.
Brecht has a • farm about five mile*
north of Livermore. where he has lived
for many years.- He had never married
and was known as a quiet, sober and In
dustrious man. His farm was a model
one, in which he took a great pride.
- This morning a neighbor went to the old
man's place to see him- on business and
found him dead in the yard, with a pistol
in his hand and a bullet in his brain. Tha
inquest will be held on Wednesday.
son to Judge Trask In the Superior Court
to-day, when she went upon the stand to
testify as to her treatment by her hus
band during the past few years. Mrs.
Haralson asked for a divorce from her
husband, Orr Haralson. a well-known
man about town, on the ground of exces
sive cruelty, and. after hearing her story.
Judge Trask signed the decree.
The witness said that during the time
she lived with her husband and young son
at the Abbottsf ord Inn he on one occa
sion dragged her from her bed and struck
her repeatedly until her body was black
and blue. Among other incidents of cru
elty recited by Mrs. Haralson was that
of her husband biting her finger almost
to the bone.
C. "W. Pendleton, the brother of the
plaintiff, was her attorney and offered to>
place upon the stand her young son, but
only if it was absolutely necessary. Judge
Trask waived his testimony.
"Nothing more is necessary." said his
Honor, and he signed the decree In behalf
of Mrs. Haralson.
Mrs. Haralson Is a singer of much abil
ity and is connected with prominent peo
ple in her own family. Her father, w. H.
Pendleton. was well known here as a Bap
tist preacher before his death, somsTrears
ago, and her brother is Cornelius W. Pen
dleton, Speaker of the last Assembly.
LOS ANGELES, July 2D.-A story of
cruelty was told by Mrs. Belle P. Haral-
Mrs. Belle P. Haralson Obtains
Her Decree of Sepa
ration.
Prominent Los Angeles
Woman Tells Story
of Cruelty.
JUDGE GRANTS
QUICK DIVORCE
SAN JOSE, July 29.— Augustus Rath
bone, the aged rancher who was brought
h«re from Rhode Island last night in. an
insane condition, was taken < from the
County Jail to-day by Mrs. Peterson, 4 an
adopted daughter. She will care for the
old man unless, his condition becomes
worse. Wealthy relatives in the East have
agreed to provide for his support. -
Helatives to Care for Him.
Oajdand Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 29.
Henry C. Morris, a stockholder and
director of tha- Central Bank, has been
elected cashier of that institution to fill
the ¦ vacancy caused by the death of
Charles R. Tates. ; ....
The new cashier brings to his post a
wide knowledge of the bank's affairs,
having long been closely identified with
the institution. The directors feel grati
fied that Mr. Morris has consented to ac
cept the position.
_Mr. Morris has a high standing in the
financial world and his acceptance of the
position was due to personal solicitation
on the part of the directors. The directors
received Mr. Morris 1 acceptance this
morning, and public announcement of his
appointment was at once made. He will
take charge at once. The new cashier
is 43 years of age. He has a comfortable
fortune,in his own right and is considered
to be a roan of keen financial judgment.
His father is also prominent in investment
circles and ig possessed of an ample com
pe.tency. . .'.
Mr. Morris' private affairs are in such
excellent condition that he has felt he can
devote the attention - to the duties of
cashier that the importance of the posi
tion warrants. - f
Position at Central
Bank.
BDABD SELECTS
A NEW CASHIER
Henry O. Morris Accepts
Fanners Object. to Hounds.
'SAN, JOSE, July 29.— The stockmen and
ranchers ; of the Mount Hamilton '. range
and Santa Cruz Mountains have organized
and published notices to deer hunters that
they will not be allowed to hunt deer with
hounds . on their lands ; this year. Stock
have : suffered* from ¦ the • dogs, and the
owners: have " determined to ; stop it. - The
hounds ' f riehten and run • the • cattle and
on some occasions calves have been killed.
prizes to pupils of the London University
School, alluded deprecatlngly to the "deli
cate subject of flogging,", which had been
abandoned, he said, "years and years ago
in America." . , v .
His .utterances •¦• have •¦ lad — to ; some
editorial i comment ' in the Standard de
fending" the ;. "ancient method."
Choate suggested in the course of his
remarks' that I GreaV Britain and the
-United States should exchange prize boys,
distributing - them in their: respective
schools... 1 and • thus ~ promote the '.'alto
getherness" of the two countries.
English Press - Editorially Defends
the Old-Style Method of Cor
recting Pupils^
LONDON, | July 3flL— Mr.' Choate, pre
siding yesterday -at, a distribution: of
CHOATE DEPRECATES
E&OOGING AT SCHOOLS
I desire to call your attention to th* Willful
neglect of th* rights of tfrose who use vehicles
drawn by hones on the roads of ' Alameda
County through the presumptuous and d*nger
ous manipulation of automobiles on said roads.
' This county, at considerable, expense, pro
vided the traveling public with good roads few
• the purpose of pleasure ¦ and ¦ traffic, enabling
the farmer or prod^c*" to safely move their
products. It also provides a means for pleasant
family drires, which are supposed to be free
from extraordinary danger.
Tour petitioner prays that your honoraVle
board will make- an «ndeavor to regulate au
tomobiles, that the right of horse vehicles may
be protected from the dangers now bo mani
fest. . • •' :
Tha , preliminary sketch of the new
group of buildings for the county in
firmary outlines a aeries of structures,
nineteen in number, second to none in
existence in beauty and , fitness. Archi
tect Albert Sutton of San Francisco had
the plans before the Supervisors to-day
and the board accepted them without hesi
tation. . : ..- ' -
It is the board's purpose to call for final
plans of the buildings one-by.pne to re
place the present dilapidated structuiea
as the funds become available, each new
addition taking its place as part of tin
general scheme. ."
The new group will occupy the same
site as the old one, the • administration
building and several others making a cen
tral cluster on a plat of level' ground, the
others spreading, out on either side and
on the slope above them.,;:-, -¦
The new buildings will probably be con
structed of brick made near the site, and
will afford accommodations for 300indi
gents besides the patients in the hospital.
Pursuant to the request of the State At
torney General the Supervisors ordered
the suit to recover $114,216 from the~Stat$
as commissions for the collection of State
taxes , dismissed, the Supreme Court - de
cision in the test case: brought for Tolo
County having been given in favor of the
State. ( .¦¦: :-•¦¦- :¦< ¦._:.¦ p ¦ ¦ ;. yi
The rights of horseless carriages on the
county highways as opposed to the older
type of conveyance are just now at issuu
before the Board of Supervisors. The
swiftly moving autos, darting noiselessly
about the streets and roads formerly
monopolized by equine steeds have been
the subject of complaint by citizens who
have voiced their woes in the local pres3;
now a written protest, demanding restric
tive legislation has been filed with the
county's governing board and will come
up for action at the Supervisors':; next
meeting. T*ie protest, which is signed by
C. A. Plummer, was presented to-day and
referred to the Bridge and Road Commit
tee. It is as follows: / £'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 29.
Supervisors Asked to
-Regulate Speed of.
Machines.
BERKELEY, July 29.— Henry Pear
son, who disappeared from West
Berkeley, Monday last, has not
been found. The police in Oak
~ n land and San FVancisco. have
searched in vain and the efforts of private
deteetives have been equally, futlte. His
wife, at her home in San Francisco, is
nearly distracted over the uncertainty of
his fate. She fears that he has . been
killed for the money he carried with him
and awaits in dread the news of the dis
covery of his body. ' ;
Pearson cannot be traced from West
Berkeley.; He visited Fruitvale a week
ago Sunday and what he did that day has
been learned. Early the next morning he
apeared in West Berkeley and borrowed
$25 from his brother-in-law, - I. A.
Crowther. The excuse upon which ho got
PROTEST FILED
AEAIHST AUTOS
the money, that of a proposed part pay
ment on a lot In Fruitvale, is hardly
counted as plausible by ' Crowther, since
he has found that Pearson left home with
nearly. $100. Crowther cannot, however,
offer any other reason. He believe3 Pear
son honest, and his actions in borrowing
the money puzzle him greatly.
Pearson's wife and friends do not believe
that he would desert his family and tha
suicide theory is not counted as probable.
He told a real estate man in Fruitvale he
would return Monday, and when he left
Crowther he said he was going there. If
he started for there how he could have
been killed and his body made away with
during the daytime is an unanswerable
question.
Pearson was an employe in a San Fran
cisco lumber mill. He was short and
heavily built, weighing between 175 and ISO
pounds. He is a Swede and has a slight
accent.
Stettin now numbers 209,988 souls.* an In
crease in' population in five years of 69,264,
owing to Its position as .; the seaport of
Berlin. - • ¦
'VENTURA; \ July ¦- 29.— Ben Garcia; • 16
years ¦ old, met • with a ' frightful ; acldent
at the ranch of Postmaster Bonestel, near
Nordhoff.'. While hunting, ¦• his . shotgun
was . accidentally discharged, mangling:
both' hands, breaking his Jaw, and shoot
ing = away one side - of - ; his face, j At . the
county, hospital it was found necessary. to
amputate the t lef t^ hand • and ¦ .the i fore
finger of the right hand. The broken jaw
was patched - up with ; a silver wire. * * i; ;
Shotgun Injures Young Hunter.
Wants Receiver for the Companv.
SPOKANE, Wash., July 29.— Joseph H.
Boyd, a stockholder in the Kettle Falls
Land and Improvement Company, has
brought suit to have a receiver named
for %ne company and the corporation dU
solved. charging many irregularities in the
management. Importance is added to the
suit by the prominence of the three trus
tees, who are made, defendants,. Senator
George Turner. Colonel W. D. Turner and
Colonel I. N. Peyton.,
United States \ District Attorney Mar
shall B. ! Woodworth has been "elected by
the directors of the Hastings Law College
as an instructor. He will lecture on Fed
eral law. •".-¦; ..'¦ '•¦ ..¦-¦¦ ; •'¦ . .. :* ¦'; ;;', %
United States Attorney Honored.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Pstitions in insolvency were filed, yes
terday In the United States District Couri
as - follows: '; John Morris. S carpenter,
Ferndale. Humboldt: County; liabilities,
$7S9 50; no assets. ¦ D. -.W. Cf owley. San
Francisco, laundryman; liabilities, $5068 95;
no assets. *- ' ;' _.. .¦ ' ' ' . . ¦
Five Directors Now in Jail.
BERLIN. July 29.— Two members of the
board of directors of the Treber Trock
nung (grain drying) Company of Cassel,
whose insolvency was announced July. 4,
were arrested to-day. Five directors are
now in jail
TRACY, July 29.— Harry McCoy, a young
man 25 years * of age. employed in Zln
kand's restaurant in San Francisco, while
returning with a camping party, was ac
cidentally shot near here this morning.
McCoy reached into-a wagon to get some
cooking utensils and accidentally dis
charged a shotgun. The. charge entered
below the chin and came out at the: top
of his head, killing him instantly.
San Franciscan Accidentally Killed.
Divorce Suit Surprises Society.
SANTA BARBARA. July 29.— A surprise
was sprung on the local "Four Hundred"
to-day when it } was learned that Mrs.
John Percy Laughton, a leader of society,
had filed a suit lor divorce from her hus
band. Laughton is an Englishman, ,wiio
has been prominent here for several ye*r3
as a real estate man and as a society
man. His wife is one of the prettiest
women in Southern California.
The board of directors of the Automo
bile Club of California held a meeting last
night in their temporary room at 415 Mont
gomery street and elected the following
new members: : R. P. Schwerin. J. A. Fol
per, Brainard F. Smith. C. E. Green, J. J.
Moore. George F. Whitney, Edward'U
Eyre, W. C. Anderson, R. .C. Lennle, An
drew Smith, J. R- McKay of Fresno/ M.
J. Tansy and W. Meredith. ;
President F. A. Hyde has sent out a
communication to all the members of the
Automobile Club, In which ho strongly
urges upon them the necessity of exercis
ing great care when restive or high-spir
ited horses are near.
New Automobile Club Members.
1118 Broadway, July 2S.
The names of W. W: Foote and William
R. Davis were presented to the City
Council to-night by the special committee
appointed to, select an attorney to assist
City Attorney Johnson in the work of
appeal in the water rates suit. The com
pensation for the lawyer who is yet to be
chosen was-fixed at $8000. Mr. Foote was
the choice of the majority of the special
committee, composed of Councilmcn
Ruch, Bon and Bishop. ' City Attorney
Johnson, who was acting with the com
mittee, presented a minority report, nam
ing Mr. Davis.
The two reports were referred, upon
motion of Councilman Courtney, to the
Ordinance and Judiciary Committee, after
Councilman Fitzgerald's motion to adopt
the minority report had been lost by the
following vote:
Ayes— Dornin, Fitzfferald, Wallace, Wix
son; noes— Bishop, Bon, Courtney, Ruch,
Schafer; absent— Boyer, Cuvelller.
As soon as the majority report had been
read. City Attorney Johnson read his re
solution naming Mr. Davis, and said: "I
would very much like to have the Coun
cil act to-night on this matter, so that I
may know who shall be the attorney to
assist -me in this case. Already I have
asked for two extensions of time from
the other side and my last extension ex
pires this week. I desire that whoever
shall be chosen may Join with me at once
in starting the appeal, whether he shall
be Mr. Foote or Mr. Davis." »
Continuing, Mr. Johnson said Mr. Foote
was his personal friend, but that 10,000
pages of manuscript would have to be
gone through at night and Mr. Davis,
having offices in Oakland, was better sit
uated to assist in the work.
The Council adopted a resolution trans
ferring $10,000 to the general fund and $10,
000 to the high school fund. ' • :
By the provisions of an ordinance intro
duced to-night the Council takes control
out of hands of the Auditor of the fund
ing of all the city's Income, holding 45 per
cent in the general fund this year for al
lotment to Other funds as the exigencies
may require.- The, only other funds for
which provision Is directly made are the
salary, police, fire and street funds. Here
tofore the funds have received their allot
ments and have been fixed at the outset
of the new fiscal year. The ordinance
went to second reading.
Councilman .Fitzgerald furnished' ihe
closing act of the session by a vigorous
attach upon,two resorts on Twelfth street,
between Broadway and Washington
streets, saying: "These places have got
to be toned down. It is , reported to me
that young girls in all stages of intoxica
tion frequent them and have been seen
going to and coming from them. The
street in front of the places is impassable.
A respectable woman cannot pass them
without fear of insult, and a man Must
fight his way through. This condition or
affairs is a disgrace and a stop must be
put to it."
The Council took no action, but Presi
dent Shaffer suggested the matter should
go before the license committee. •
City Attorney in Minor
ity Report Favors
r Davis.
»
Oakland Office San Francisco. Call,
FOOTE CHOSEN
BY COMMITTEE
Stevedores.
POLICEMAN BREAKS WINDOW.
Misses the Heads of "Joshing"
Police Officer Cleveland Peters distin
guished himself yesterday morning at the
corner cf First and Brannan s?J?H£ by
missing the heads of several steveabres
¦who were waiting to be employed on the
Mail dock and driving his club through an
expensive plate glass window in Osmer's
saloon.
Officers Peters and Owens were escorting
drays driven Jay non-union drivers. When
near the Mall dock one of the drivers
asked of the stevedores congregated there
the way to the Washington-street dock.
The men refused to give the information,
raying the drivers were "scabs." This
aroup>-d the ir.? of the officer, who was
mounted, and he drew his club and rode
into the crowd, driving the freight-hand
lers Into the numerous saloons in the
. neighborhood. The crowd was good-na
tured and chaffed the officer considerably.
Peters could net stand the "joshes" and
struck several of the men. He aimed a
blow at one of them, missed him and
smashed the large window. This aroused
the men. and angry murmurs succeeded
the "joshes," and cries of "throw the cop
per overboard" could be heard on all
sides.
Peters continued his senseless attack on
the good-natured crowd, and the affair be
gan to look serious. The officer informed
the saloon-keeper that he could "charge
the window to 'Captain Wittman," and
told the men "that they would know who
he was after he had killed a couple of
them."
The men by this time were decidedly an
gry and would have treated Peters to an
impromptu bath in the muddy water at
the foot of Brannan street had not a
prominent Mail dock official came to his
rescue and by a few words succeeded in
calming the men. Peters was then al
lowed to continue his search for Wash;
ington-street deck.
BARBERS ENJOY AN
OLD TIME IX) VE FEAST
Tonsorial Artists Hear Discussions on
Maintenance of Sanitary-
Conditions.
The Journeymen Barbers and the Mas- 1
ter Barbers held a meeting last night at
32 O'Farrell street for the purpose of dis
cussing the sanitary regulations which
were recently recommended by the State
Board of Barber Examiners. Many mem
bers of the medical profession and two
members of the Board of Health were in
attendance and delivered interesting and
instructive addresses oh how to secure,
and preserve the best sanitary conditions,
both in regard to the shop and in regard
to the tonsorial art.
At the conclusion of the meeting the
members and their guests adjourned to a
restaurant, where a delightful banquet
was enjoyed. Toasts were given and re
sponded to.
Some of the prominent people present '
and those who addressed the barbers
were: Senator E. I. Wolfe; who intro
duced the bill instituting the State Board
of Barber Examiners; J. G. Conrad, presi
dent of the Master Barbers'- Association;
Dr. J. M. Williamson, president of the
Board of Health; Dr. Baum, Dr. A. P.
O'Brien and J. G. Calish. Frank Fleming
and P. M. Drake of the State Board of
Barber Examiners.
SHIPS GO OUT INTO STREAM
Owners Whose Vessels Are Beady
for Sea Take Precautionary
Measure.
The shipowners evidently feared a gen
eral strike yesterday, as all who had
their vessel? anywhere near ready for sea
cleared them at the Custom-house and
got them out in the stream. The ship
Emily F. Whitney was brought over from
Oakland, the g. T. Alexander was taken
away from Harrison and the Gerard C.
Tobey from the seawall, while the col
lier Wellington is ready to go to sea at
a moments notice.
As soon as the orders "to drop into the
Ft roam" reached the vessels several of
tho Failcrs rushed up to the office of the
Stamen's l"nSon on the Pacific and asked
Secretary Furuseth what they should do.
"No strike has been ordered as yet
Stick to your shipn," was the secretary's
instruction.
Improvement Clubs Call Meeting.
The following call was issued last night
by the Federation of Improvement Clubs
to members:
You ar* earnestly requested to attend a spe
cial meeting of the Federation of Improvement
Clubs on Tuesday. July 30. at S p. m. sharp,
to be held at Lodge Hall. 1605 Polk street.
northwest corner of Polk and Sacramento, the
meeting being- called et the request of the
Polk Street. Larkin Street. Hayes Valley, De
visaicro Street and Merchants' improvement
clubs for the purpose of debating upon the
edvisabllity of appointing a committee of one
hundred to act with Mayor James D. Phelan
In the present industrial troubles and suggest
a remedy. O. IC CCSHINO. President.
CAPT. EMAXUEL A. LORENZO, Secretary.
Note— The hail can be reached from any part
nf the city by th» Sacramento. Larkln. Suiter
an<1 California etreet car lines.
, i *
efl it over to Police Sergeants Wolf and
Harper. He says he could recognize the
murderer, who is described as between 35
and 40 years of aee. small in stature,
weighing from 115 to 120 pounds and hav
ing two false teeth of gold in his front
upper jaw. *
Detective Ed Gibson was detailed on the
case and discovered that the murderer
had fled to Oakland. Every avenue oC
escape has been covered and his capture
is almost assured.
CHINAMAN WHO CROSSED
THE OCEAN TO SECURE RE
VENGE BY MURDER.
While the horse was drinking a big dog
came running madly down . the road and
Jumped into the trough. It performed
this feat so suddenly that the horse be
came frightened and started to run. Mrs.
Merwin lost her presence of mind imme
diately, making no attempt to grasp the
reins, which were within easy reach of
her. Having nothing to guide it the horse
ran off the road and up the side of a
steep hill. Below the road was a. deep
gulch. To tip over meant death to Mrs.
Merwin, as there could be no stopping
until the bottom of the gulch was reached.
Just as it seemed certain that the cart
would- turn turtle Mrs. Pawling came to
the rescue. She had been walking along
the road with some friends and had seen
the runaway. She is large and muscular
and intrepid, and when she saw Mrs. Mer
win's peril rushed to her aid.
Bracing herself against a small rock
that stuck out of the hillside Mrs. Pawl
ing grabbed hold of- a wheel of the top
pling cart on the side which was lowest
and hold tight, at the same time crying to
Mrs. Merwin to stop the horse. The
frightened woman did as she was bidden,
and in a moment the danger was over.
Mrs. Pawling held the cart until the oc
cupant got out and then was assisted in
getting it to the road by others of the
party.
Mrs. Pawling looks upon her brave act
as nothing extraordinary. She lives with
her husband at 3212 Encinal avenue.
Mrs. Merwin and a woman friend were
driving along one of the high grades In
the neighborhood of Larkspur just pre
vious to the occurrence of the accident
that came so near terminating fatally.
They had stopped at a trough to
water the horse, Mrs. Merwin remaining
In the vehicle while her companion alight
ed for the purpose of loosing the check
rein.
ALAMEDA, July 23.— Risking her own
life, and by main strength In a moment
of peril, Mrs. Frederick F. Pawling of
Alameda saved Mrs. William MerWih from
death or serious injury at Larkspur yes
terday afternoon. Just as Mrs. Merwin
was about to be thrown- out of a cart
down a steep niilside Mrs. Pawling caught
hold of the vehicle and held it until the
frightened occupant Was able to make
her escape. If she had not had the
strength to hold the cart in place its
weight would have carried both the wom
en to the bottom of a deep gulch.
Mrs. P. F. Pawling Goes
to Rescue at Moment
of Peril.
RISKS HER LIFE
TO STOP RUNAWAY
JUE DO HONG, a Chinese boy, 15
years of age, was fatally shot in
the back at S2S Washington street
yesterday morning 1 by Jue Lin Ong,
who has so far succeeded in escap
ing the vigilance of the police. The mur
dered boy lived with his uncle, Jue Woh
Kit, at the place where the shooting oc
curred. Two shots were fired into the
boy's back. He was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where he made an ante
mortem statement to Detective Bailey,
accusing: Jue Lin Ong of having shot him.
The boy died about 2 o'clock and his body
was removed to the Morgue.
There was trouble about property be
tween the boy's father in China and the
murderer, who arrived here from China
about four months ago to wreak his
vengeance on the boy. He remained here
about two months and left the city, re
turning Sunday night. He borrowed con
siderable money from friends in China
town and had his personal effects ready
packed to be taken away. He met the
boy in the basement of 828 Washington
street about 7 o'clock yesterday morning
and asked him if he would go with him
to locate fomc friends. As the boy turned
to go with him he fired two shots into
his back.
Stephen Dowd. an electrician, living at
1811& Mason street, was passing at the
time and chased the murderer for some
minutes, but was unsuccessful in catch
ing him. Dowd returned and picked up
the revolver, a 44-caliber Colt's, and turn-
Charagrace Lands First in the Hurdle
Kace at Brighton Beach.
BUFFALO. N. Y., July 29.— Fort Erie turn-'
mary:-
Flrst race, on© mile, selling:— Easter Lily won,
Lady Powhattan second, Templar third. Time,
1:52. •
Second race, five frlongs. selling — Taxman
won. /Artificial second, Lady Patroness third.
Time, 1:06.
Third race, six furlongs, . selling— St. = David
won. Lilly Hnmmerton second, Choirmaster
third. Time, 1:20%. ' •
Fourth race, one mile. Belling-— Exit won,
nandy second, Frandso third. Time, 1:52.
Fifth race, seven, and a half furlongs. Bell
ing—Gray Dally won. Filibuster second, E&u
Claire third. Time, 1:42. '
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs— Dixie
Queen won St. Hera second. Red Car third.
Time, :58.
BUTTE, Mont., July 29.— Results:
First race, seven furlongs— Joe R won. Sea
Song second. Mr. Robinson third. Time, 1:30%.
Second race, five furlongs — Paraquaide won,
Louwelsea second. You You thtrd. Time,
1:02%.
Third race,' five furlongs— High Hoe won, El
lis Glenn *eeond, Aunt Mary third. Time, 1:01.
Fourth race, one mile— Virgle d'Or won, Bar
ney F second, Ida V third. Time, 1:42%. "
Fifth race, six furlongs — Alarla won, July
Gyp second. Yule third. Time, 1:15%.
Sixth race,* three and a half furlongs— Abba
Ii won, Jack second, Walkapaugh third. Time,
1:42. . ¦
NEW YORK, July 20.— Brighton Beach sum
mery:- » ¦ .-. '¦ . .. • ., .-.,-:¦¦<•,, ,- ._.
'First race, hurdle, one and three-quarter
miles— Charagrace won, Hopeful second, Sales
man third. Time, 3:19.
Second race, five furlongs — Fright won, Musl
dora second. G. W. Whlttler third. Time,
1:00 4-5. :
Third race, one and an eighth miles— St. Fin
nan won Wax Taper - second, McGrathlana
Prince third. Time, 1:53. - .
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yard*,
selling— Disturber won. Elsie Skip second,
Oread third. Time, 1:46 2-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Maiden won,
James J. Corbetf second. Guileless third. Time,
1:15. Himself won, 5 but was disqualified for
fouling. . ¦
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs— Otis won,
Cameron second. The Rival third. Time,
1:07 1-5, . . ;
CHICAGO. July 29.— Hawthorne summary:
First race, five and a half furlongs—Commis
sioner Forster won, AprH second, Miracle II
third. Time. 1:13.
Second race, one and three-eighths miles —
Frangible won, Alaska Eacond, G W W third.
Time. 2:32%.
Third race, seven furlongs— Brownie Ander
son won. Seguranca second, Dal Keith third.
Time. 1:33.
Fourth raee, the Hawthorne stakes, six fur
longs—Arlan won. Ed Austin second, Jaubert
third. Time, 1:20%.- . •
Fifth race, six furlongs— George Arnold won,
Maggie Davis second, Andrisa third. Time,
1:18. • . ¦
Sixth race, one mile— Bonnie IMssak won.
Henry of Franstamar second, Chorus Boy
third. Time, 1:49%.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 29.— Delmar Park sum
mary: ¦ ...'•'
First race, • seven furlongs— Ben ham won,
Honeywood second, Warren Point third. Time,
1:30%. ' : ¦¦¦¦¦•.¦
Second race, six furlongs — Runnells won,
Ethylene second. Marque third. Time. 1:16.
Third race, six furlongs,' purse— Northern Sjiy
won. Survive second, Robert Jr. third. Time,
1:16%. • ¦ ...
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, pur«e
—Peter Duryea won, Tlckf ul second, Eugenia
S third. Time. 1:49. • .
Fifth race, one mile, purse — Maximum won,
John Lafferty second. Menace third. Time. 1:44.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Revoke
won. Hardly second, Sweet Dream third. Time,
1:29. ¦ . l
DETROIT, Mich., July; 29.— Windsor [ suni
mary: ¦ -
First race, five \ furlongs, selling— All Gray
won. Maid of Dundee second. Matches third.
Time. 1:09. •¦¦¦ .
Second race. 6lx furlongs; selling— Aaron won.
Charlie • Phane second, Pretty Ro&ie third. .
Time. 1:22. ¦ . ¦- ' '
*• Third race, one mile— Senator Beveridge won,"
Callear second. Longflo third. Time. 1:51%. - .
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs, selling
—Erne won, Ben Milam second, Louis Wagner
third. Time, 1:01.. ; "_¦ -
Fifth race, mil© anfl a sixteenth — B.ushfl>lda
won. HInsdale seaond, Baffled third. Time,
1:66%: ' . . .: ,
Sixth race. . six furlongs. ¦ selling— Cormorant
won Lady Curzon second, Ben O'Fallon third.
Time, 1:20%. ; •• ¦- ' •¦ . . ,.
HESTTLTS ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Martha Marshall Victor
, Over Twelve Good
Starters.
Second Race oh Programme
Proves Disappointing to
the Crowd.
. * ¦ ? — .
COLUMBUS, Ohio, July 29.-The Colum
bus Grand Circuit meeting opened auspi
ciously to-day with fair weather. A good
crowd and some excellent racing were
features.*" \: .. , : ''_-. '¦' .'•' .'•'./:, ,'O"-, :
The 2:14 pace was this first race on 'the
programme and thirteen side-wheelers
answered the bell. Martha Marshall, driv
en by Andy McDowell, was installed fa
vorite at 25 to 20 for the field. Captain
Sphinx won the ilrst heat in a drive from
Winfleld Stratton and ; Martha -Marshall.
The favorite took the next two heats, pac
ing the second in 2:07^4; reducing her rec
ord a full second. In tha fourth and fifth
heats she caused trouble while scoring
and got away badly each time, ' . giving
Nouamie and Shecan a : chance for a heat
apiece. Only the four-heat . winners ; ap
peared for the sixth heat . and Mar - -»a
Marshall stepped to the front at once anrl
kept her position to the wire. v
f The 2:23 trot was a disappointment In
that it had only four starters. Country
Jay, who was second: to Eleata at both
Detroit and Cleveland, was looked ' upon
as a sure winner, but May Allen, an In
dianapolis mare, took his measure, out
trotting him and winning three straight
heats. .• . ¦ -¦ - '.' •¦• .- ¦•.¦¦"• i ¦
The last race was a gift to Dan Patch,
the handsome son of Joe Patchen; who
tiptoed his field and was never forced to
go. to the top. of his speed. Summary:", :
2:14 class pacing, "purse $2000 — Martha Mar
shall won second, third and sixth heatsK- Best
time, 2:07%. Sheean won fifth heat in 2:21%.
Captain Sphinx won the first heat In 2:08%.
Nouamie won i the fourth heat in 2:11M. Car
not. Furioso, Colonel -Dick Thompson. Trinkle,
"Winfleld ' Stratton, College Boy, Alvin R,
Frank Yokum and Jackmont also started.
2:23 class trotting, purse $5000— May Allen won
in three straight heats. Best time, 2:09%.
Country Jay, Newa Simmons and Vic Schiller
also started.. . .. ¦ : - - .
2:16 class pacing:, purse $2000 — Dan Patch won
in three straight heate. Best time, 2:10%.
Frank Merriott. Paul Dingboy, Legal Hal and
Barolette also started.
PAGING EVENTS
ON OHIO TRACK
was assassinated at Monza July 29 last by
Gastani Bresci, an anarchist) was com
memorated to-day by services throughout
Italy. Rome is the center of the observ
ances and there are 300,000 visitors here on
a pilgrimage to the tomb of King; Hum
bert, in the Pantheon. In addition, mem
bers of the royal family. Senators and
Deputies assembled at the capitol to take
part in the ceremonies.
The ceremonies commenced at 7 o'clock
this morning, when the King, Queen Hel
ena, Queen Margarita and Queen Maria
Pia (Dowager Queen of Portugal and a
princess of the house of Savoy) and the
princes and princesses prayed at the tomb
of the late King. The royal party after
ward attended mass. At 10 o'clock high
mass was celebrated, in the Pantheon,
which was imposingly decorated inside
and outside. Very conspicuous in the
oenter of the edifice stood a catafalque,
surmounted by the royal insignia and sur
rounded by innumerable wax tapers. \ De
tachments of royal cuirassiers were posted
about the building and other troops cor
doned the Pantheon Square.
Representatives of the King. the
Knights of the Order of the Annunziata,
the Cabinet Ministers, the diplomatic
corps, the state and provincial authorities,
the Senators and Deputies and many
naval and military officers were present at
the high mass.
The pilgrimage to the Pantheon occurred
at 1 o'clock in the afternoon. There was
an immense procession composed of dele
gations from all the Italian provinces and
colonies, and civil, military and labor as
sociations, with flags and bands of music.
It was estimated that over 100,000 persons
were in the parade. The most picturesque
participants were garbed in multi-colored
historic costumes. Innumerable wreaths
were carried in the procession. Enormous
crowds lined the route and the windows,
balconies and roofs were crowded to their
utmost capacity. All stores were closed
- and everywhere flags were displayed at
half-mast. As the procession entered the
Pantheon those who participated in It filed
past the vault containing the remains of
King Humbert and there deposited the
wreaths.
The ceremony will close Tuesday at the
Adriano Theater, where addresses will be
delivered.
The most noteworthy provincial celebra
tion occurred at Milan, in which city
there was a pilgrimage to Monza. the
place where King Humbert was assassin
ated. The wreaths were so numerous that
the field on which King Humbert's last
review was held was converted into a
flower garden. The first stone of the ex
pi ory chapel which is being erected by
K' g Victor -Emmanuel was laid by the
Du..e of Abruzzi, representing the King of
Italy.
Thousands Make Pilgrimage
to Rome and Attend.
Mass in Pantheon.
ROME, July 29.— The first anniversary
of the tragic death of King Humbert (who
¦ ? —
Solemn Services Com
memorative of Hum
bert's Tragic Death.
HONOR MEMORY
OF DEAD KING
9
THE SAN FB'ANCISCO , CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 30, 19O1.
San Franciscan- Who DisappearediFromWest
Berkeley Has Not Been-; Found and; Dis
tracted Wife Fears He Has B een Murdered
POLICE ON TWO SIDES OF BAY
SEARCHING FOR HENRY PEARSON
Jue LinOrig,. Who Had Trouble Over
erty With Jue Do Hong's Father, Fires
Two Shots at the Boy and Kills Him
JOURNEYS FROM CHINA TO WREAK
VENGEANCE ON AN INNOCENT BOY
g9g% fOAIf f% f% Ef '- Through the pores of the skin many poisons are
•T i r"*?*f f T "**¦** absorbed into the blood, deranging the circulation
R3ftgG£jTiM #l/y and affecting the constitution as quickly and
"^ "".V .*r *¦ . rr- -' *_ ¦ seriously as those generated within the system. Just
f> m B?ag3HE'KS>P*S MTTi ftt JUT under the skin are innumerable hair-like blood
BMKB&K O B a 9*i"l, vessels; and connecting these with the skin
0 ¦¦ m n m mmm% DOil C*O are millions of small tubes or glands, through
Lf.M%U AND £*fff*l£>d which the poison is conveyed to the blood sys-
laS^tanESfMff* S'Trif* ¦ tern. During the spring and summer, while
# fcl^-.vthe gtjn is m^ activ-e and the pores well
open, we are much more liable to be affected by Poison Oak and Ivy and other
dangerous plants. . Workers in "brass, copper, lead and zinc have their health im-
paired and the blood supply poisoned through; the absorption of fine particles of
these metals and the acids used in polishing and cleaning them. Inhaling the
fumes of lead give painters that pallid, waxy appearance of the skin. Barber's Itch
is another disease that reaches the blood through the skin, and is a most obstinate
one when it becomes firmly fixed in the system. After the poison has, reached the
blood and been disseminated throughout the system it is too late to resort to local
applications. In many cases the blood is affected simultaneously with the appear
ance of the rash or eruption on the skin, and all efforts should be directed to the
purification and building up of the blood. Ugly eruptions and sores will continue
to break out in spite^f salves, washes, soaps or other extsrnal treatment. '.-';
S. S. S. is especially recommended for poisons of this character. . So com-
. pletely does it destroy the effects of the Oak and Ivy that there is no possibility of
its reappearance, and it, is equally as efficacious in brass or lead poisoning or Bar-
ber's Itch ; building up and purifying the blood and driving out of the circulation
impurities of every kind, and removing every blemish, sore or eruption from the
skin. There isno substitute for S.' S. S. ; it is the only purely vegetable blood
purifier known, and the safest and best in all constitutional or blood diseases.
Our; Medical Consultation DepartmMt.— if you desire any special information
or advice about your case, write our physicians, explaining your condition, and
they will carefully consider -what you have to say jgSZp**^ >*'f?'*^fe
and you will receive a prompt reply. Our physi-' ffiip^a KbP^H MfflPftW
cians have made a study of blood and skin diseases, r| ib*^ wE^>7^
and you can have the benefit of their experience w^wsk w**5^
and skill without any cost to you whatever. Don't ' Btat^^rro V^V Sff
hesitate to write fully about yourself, as nothing ng&jS^r E^j»Kiy Tjn^i'tHTl
you say goes beyond our office. We have a very V8y^ -^H^ j
Interesting boos on Blood and Skin Diseases, which we will be glad to mail fretk
* - THE SWIFT SPECIFIC. COMPANY, ATLANTA. QA.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 30, 1901.
10
HOSPITALS. " : ¦¦_ '
MENTAL «nd rTmou* «--»«*?^^i f *ml "lm'
•?*si»« will b« crnva fi»r «t J-"** 1 ''* 1 . ,J£u
im-'uro. S3^ rV>ugi»>!--« »;.. S-ian
HO U SK.H .\M) >VA<;p>"g^_
c»rt«. hArn^K. Orond Arcade Horse «**'«•)•
S3T sixth *t.; auction •*!<¦• «v«ry \\eUnesua>.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers. >
FOR gale—Canipir.K wason, light t«am *nd
harness. 1202 Ml-wton St.. room ..
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 1 fast
pac*sr*t. 721 Howard st.
?J0-FINE buggy and harness. 130 Second ave.,
near California st^
ALL kinds of dragons, >»u-rsr!e9. carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. S117 M:rslon St.
AN A No. I express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for salt*, cheap. 532 Mission-
HORSES WASTED.
HOUSES wanted to work on scraper Job; fcur
cr five months' work. Apply at 28 Montgom-
«ry n.. room 25. ' '
HOPSES TO IJET.
A^RINTES'list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. It Montgomery.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1736— Elegant sunny resi-
dence, 12 to 14 rooms and bath; One marine
view; large garden: heaters; 2 dancing. halls.
HOUSE of 10 rooms, partly furnished or un-
fumlshed. Apply at premises. 1712 Bush st.
$14—405 GREENWICH; house 7 rooms, bath;
suitable for 2 families; large sunny yard.
FURXISHED JHOUSES-— SUBURB AX.
FOR rent in Ross Valley— Completely furnished
modern house of 11 rooms and bath; 5 min-
utes' walk from Rosa station. Apply box 43, ,
Ross station.
JEWELRY. WATCHES, ETC.
FOR sale cheap— Lady's small gold watch and
genuine emerald ring. 14 McAllister St., room
lC between r and 3 p. iri\
lost a:vi> foumj.
LOST or mislaid last Friday near ferry, gray
overcoat and handbag containing shaving and
toilet outfit. Liberal reward by returning to
434 Tenth st.
LOST— Gold chain bracelet. Finder please re-
turn to 612 E1113 St.; liberal reward.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel; suitable reward.
2517 Broadway at.
LOST— A pass-book with The Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in ths
name of RICHARD V. McALLISTER. No.
215-614. The finder will please return to
bank. ¦ ; . " ' "
LOST— A pass book with The Hibemia Savlngg
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the.
name of MARIE TONYA. No. 231-1164. The
finder will please return to bank.
Wanted— Old gold and manufacturing. O. Nolte,
jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
.' MATRIMONIAL
(TENTLEMaN~wishing " toTmalrry wealthy ladlea
•¦end 10c for latest Hat. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis
3IATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al rarpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 PoweU St.:
tel. Bnsh 421. -
MEDICAL, "
A — RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male- complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; ths most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. (7DONNELL, 101S Market.
A POSITIVE cure^guaranteed in all femal»
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best care; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
Dr. and Mrs. Davles. 1223 Market: our regulator
is a treatment that has brought health ani
happiness to thousands of suffering women;
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DAVrES'
original method of treatment: maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S. F. -
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MIXES A^D^llXIXG.
E^CTEPTIONAL MINOtNG^PPORTUNITT. '"""'
Capital is needed to work ore in a group ot
thoroughly developed gold mines of large ex-
tent and undoubted value: tunnels, shafts
and drifts already completed expose vast
bodies of valuable ore on the mother lode;
no hoisting or pumping; free water rights;
cash required, $20,000, for which a liberal in-
terest in the mines will be given; immense
Incomes ars derived from neighboring mines
on the same lode. 321 Phelan bldg.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2,1-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second band; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021, 1<C3
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $3 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophonea
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
AIR compressor, 3 sizes. 5, 10, 20 stamp mills:
30 minlns- cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 seta hoisting works; steam
and water Sower. J. B. Jardlne, 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st.
4 BEAUTIFUL diamond rings cheap; no rea-
sonable cash offer refused ; must sell. 2400
Howard st. ¦
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Plna. '
' LAYING hens for sale. 447 Bartlett st.
FOR sale— New 13-h. p. Union gas engine of the
latest type. S. & G. GUMP CO.. 113 Gear; Lt.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st.
GOOD family cow for sale In Oakland. Box
. 258 Builders' Exchange. City.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 SO. 109 Montgomery st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and . second-
hand. JAE. DQAK. 511 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
.^B^fegsryMhStoTg 1 * and slzes -
WE pay blc prices for ladies' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st. ¦ .
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought sold.
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
S '^T??^' e c W and se(1t)ni1 hand; all sizes. THE
_WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market St., San Fra£
1
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton-hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
llned safe, perfect order. 216 California st
was? rs^tei^K
MISCELLAXEOUS AVA-VTS^
ALL check stamps and stamped checks bought-
also cocumentary stamps. lQQg Call bulldfng.'
WANTED-Small. gasoline launch: state size
power and speed. Address box. 3713. Call"
T .£ TO? ? w , ants / OO<J second-"hand clothing aH
theatrical goods. 154 Sth 3t. : tel. Fclsonf £-JL>
JIOiVEY TOLOAX.
AAA^^R^TN^MU^p1ri^"lir^3a7keT%r"
makes !oaris on second mortgages undivided
interests in estates, etc.; also lar^e or sma i
loans on good ranches; if your p rop erty is
mortgaged and you need more money don't
fall to see me; lowest rates; quickest settle
ments; financial • problems it ,| »m» n,i
sizes solved by. HERMAN MURPHY^ "£»
AA-MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
KOOOCO at 6 per cen^in sums to suit. Citv &
Oakland; town & country property second
mortgages, life Insurance & secuVit'ea S,
on unsettled estates, undivided in"t°rWts m
real estate and legacies. w e will ££ha"
any of above securities. Tel. Red "i? \Vvv
HATTAN LOAN CO.. Tth ficor. Crocker bljg?
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on »=.^h
$1000; any- security. 3tg Montgomery st.? r 1
MONEY loaned salaried people without ,.«,- -
Ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchanff°& j.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos ; no rerrnM'-
low rate; strictly private. Lick, l"? Mc!\m«er
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 un- no removal-
no commission; private. Room 8J. « Eddy «.'
KMPLOYMEXT , WANTED— FEMALE.
DRESSMAKING -Ion* very r*a*OR*ble: al«o
pUin ««\vlnR. SOI - L«nv«nworth St., ,. corner
O'Kurivll, rooin.S.
EXPKR1 ISNCKD German nurse wishes to tak«
care of Invalid or. Infant: Onkland or the
vicinity i>i^r«'nr.l; wog,-.-. $:3. 1247 Eleventh
rt.. Kaft Oakland. .
VOCXO eN'j>orl<:»ac-i Oermnn nuri«e wishes en-
gaeements as lady's , nurse. 13S1 Maton st.
wrNcltKSTKrrHouse. ¦ 44 Third «t.. nr. Mar-
k.'t— vrio rooms: 25c to 51 Co per night; $160 to
56 week; convenient ami respectable; free 'bus
and bsggaga to and from ferry.:
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been- established at 109$
Valencia «t. ¦ ¦ -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subKcrlptlons
l-ecehed at Call branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT AVAXTED. — MALE.
, A SOBER and Industrious man desires position
> on a private place or Institution; understands
vegetable and -flower gardening, : milk; handy
man all round; good references./ F. H., New
¦ Atlantic Hotel, Montgomery ave., city, rm. 54._
GARDENER with good references, thoroughly
' competent in every branch, wishes situation
, on private place; city or cc-untry. Gardener,
Box 4520, Call office. \-~
MIDDLE-AGED man, familiar with the city,
-wants to drive and care for 1 or 2 horses.
Box 4522, Call office.. ¦ /
SITUATION wanted by German couple; can
cook and attend to horses and do any kind of
farm work. Box 3716, Call office. • •
GOOD all around man wants position in private
place; understands care of horses and garden;
' good driver; can milk; good references. Box
3715. Call office. ¦ _' ' -
ALL around book. Job and news printer desires
situation; am sober, steady and reliable; can
furnish references; city or country. Box 4514,
Call office. - . , :
YOUNG man. fine penman and accurate with
figures, desires position in olflce: small salary;
can furnish references If required. Address
box 4513. Call office. . <•
SITUATION wanted as French chef cook; ho-
tel; city or country. D.' L., 275 Stevenson st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on coats wants situa-
tion. Apply 521 y 2 Howard st. STONE. ,
SITUATION wanted by an elerator man; sev- !
' eral years' experience. A. B., box S717, Call.
MAN and. wife, Danes," want position in the /
country or city. Box 3721. Call office. j
BOY of '16 wishes to learn the machinist trade.
Box 4512.' Call office.
A' RELIABLE man and wife wish to take
charge and do the work in a small place in
the country or stock ranch; good, references.
Address T. P.. 1519 Howard st. ¦ ' -¦
NURSE with 2 or 3 nours' spare time after-
noon and evening, would care for invalid gen.
tleman ; can give J massage. Box 3707, Call.
POSITION wanted- by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian : on , city or country pUct as eoaoh-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk' and --'understands his business ibor<-
oughly; references. Box 4502.'. CalJ offloa.
ACCOUNTANT, cashier, correspondent, VI.
competent and experienced offlc« manager;
absolutely highest indorsements. . Box 3729,
Call office. ...
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at- 1096
. .Valencia st. . • > - .. - ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1G pages. In wrapper, for mailing.' $1 per year.
FEATHERS RENOVATED. \ .
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia jtel.Capp 2682.
FINANCIAL..
PA^IF^C^Co^sT^nid^rwrltinB '" Co. (incTwWe
have 42 offices in operation: new method of.
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET. '
BRUCE place. 39-41. bet. Seventh and Eighth,
sts.,. off Folsom and '• Harrison ave.— Sunny
flats of 4 rooms; newly painted and papered;
yard; cellar; rent $8 and $9. .
$25— FIRST flat, 7 rooms; $27 50, Upper flat, 8
rooms; new house; fine finish; concrete base-
ment and bath; 2 toilets to each flat: latest
improvements. 130 Second ave., nr. California.
A — RENT reduced; new; marine view; 8 rooms;
bath. 2414 Vaj> Ness ave., near Union st.
A— Four brand new flats, 8 rooms, bath each.
1182 to 1192 Ellis st.. near Gough.
BEAUTIFUL, new 7, 8 & 8 rooms; marine view;
owner there 10 to 4; Van Ness and Union.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath ; rent $30. Cor.
Hayes and Webster sts. .
FLAT of 4 rooms; rent $14. 401 Oak St., cor-
ner Laguna. ' •
FLAT of 5 Eunpy rooms and bath, yard . and
basement. 124 Page st. ¦
LEAVEN WORTH, 1521— Flat of 4 rooms and
bath; modern improvements; $15.
NINETEENTH. 4054, near Castro — Flat of four
rooms and bath.
SUNNY, lower flat of 6 rooms and bath. Cor-
ner Market and Laguna sts..
O'FARRELL. 1929-1935— Modern flats; 5 and «
rooms, bath, yard, basement; reasonable. •
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
$150 CASH and $100 In easy monthly Install-
ments will buy an elegantly furnished four-
¦'. room flat; furniture new; cost . $450; party
leaving; rent $22. 710 Jones St., near the
Pleasanton.
FURMTURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— Sunny flat of 4 rooms; partly fur-
nished; rent $15. 901 Post St..
FURNISHED flat 7 rooms for sale. 83 City
Hall ave.: call 2 to 4.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
„ merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. ' . ¦
Auctioneer; W. P. Beaucnamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
BEFORE selling your furniture, see Abram's
Auction House, 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 761 ' before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. 'Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694.
furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES. . -
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
\ HELP WASTED — -FEMALE.
A— 10 WAITRESSES, same first-class hotel, $25
and found;, steady .work the whole year; col-
lars, cuffs and aprons washed by the house.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... .Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. .
' • For Southern California.
4 waitresses, new cafe, San Diego: ....$25
Fancy Ironer, San Diego, half fare paid.. $35
60 waitresses to book . for; hotels south
Waitress, Hollister, fare paid ...$20
. 3 waitresses,- Sacramento .' $25
Waitress, Berkeley '...:.: ..J20
Waitress, St. Helena.. Fare paid... $20
Waitress, Auburn, fare paid.. ............. ..$20
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare on« way.;.. $20
Waitress, Marysville,' fare paid.; ......$20
10 waitresses, city. ......: : ..$20
Danish cook, Santa Barbara..'..... ...$35
- - FAMILY DEPARTMENT. .
Houseglrl, Los Angeles, fare paid.; ,...$25
Nursegirls, ranch, country ."...;.'.:.:."......-.. $12
Housegirl. Tres Plnos, fare pald............$20
Housegirls. 2nd girls, nurses, cooks.. $10, $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary at.
A SCANDINAVIAN girl for cooking andhouae-
• .work; $25; small American family; office lee
paid by lady. -C.-R. -HANSEN- & CO., 104
'.Geary st. . . r . " . , •>? .-
A SWEDISH or German housekeeper for old
lady; country; $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
> 104 Geary st. •
A FORELADY for a. large laundry : country. i
¦ Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ¦
WANTED....;.... WANTED .....I.. WANTED
TO-DAY.... AT ONCE. ...THIS FORENOON
First-class cook, plain wash, German ¦ style,
I 4 in family:.....;....:..:.... :...;;. .....-..:.. ..$30
Second crirl and sewing, - for same family. .$25
Laundress and chambermaid ......$25
German cook, no wash"...:.......:.......... ..$30
6 waitresses, resorts, springs, hotels. ;...... $25
„ 8 family, hotels ............ -....r^O
5 4 second girls- ....'..-..........'....$20 and $25
'. 2> Protestant girls to assist in ; general work
for institution ........'...... . . v ." . .$20
Typewriter and shorthand clerk. . . . . V. . . . .; .$23
Nurseglrl,:3 children, country ....&0
: French ' and German . nurse. ..... '. .$25
Short 4 order cook. : .... .....:.. .$30
14 girls for housework In small families I of
,2 and 3 persons............ .$20 and $25
18 girls for housework in country,'. $25; 3
chambermaids, wait one meal,' $20. 7 * •
« Apply to J. F. - CROSETT & C<>.. 316 Sut-'
-ter st. - ¦ ,.; -,< ; .... ",. :.-.- . , ;.- .-• . J- '¦ ¦¦' ' - ¦¦
WANTED— dlrls experienced ¦ In bookbinding.
THE .STUPARICH MFG. CO., 141-147- Fre-
mont St.; ¦ •¦¦ . " ' . ',
UE1.1* WAXTRP— FBMAl^K-— Con.
MRS. M. E. DAY «s CO;........T...;yM»ln 1S7J
1IOTKL DBPARTMENT
4 witUreMifs, south, $25, fares pAltl; 3 wait-
resses, Suit biKc City, ?22 SO, liirrn MiUcUionl;
• U waltressrcH. dtltcrent etty and country ho-
U-I*n JW and $23; rvstaurant waitress,* country,
iiii'>' i Hi Ul: *.' chambermaids to wait, $20; chamV
uermald, $17 CO. -X.
FAMILY DEfAllTMENf ....;.....
1 Cook, $50, see lady here; housegirl, country,
,$25, very choice place; nrst-clt«8 places, city
tuul country, bt><<t wages and gltuatlons post-
tlvely i guaranteed.
MRS. HI. E. DAY & CO ..331 Geary st.
WAXTED— An accomplished young lady as a
companion for a lady; a good penman; must
1 understand music and do light housework;
references. Address 418 Montgomery st.
AN experienced lady presser* on - ladles' and
gents' clothing. Apply at Winchester House,
S. P.I to-day, or the H. JEANS Dye Works,
Ban Jose.
EXPERIENCED waist hands; also apprentice
girls; paid while learning. JUDA BROS.. 1C9
Battery st.
WANTED— Young lady to train for nurse; high
school graduate preferred. Apply bet. 6 and
7. 1609 Jackson st. <Z ¦ - -
WANTED— Upstairs . girl; sewing, waitress;
good wages; German preferred. Call at 2119
California St.. bet. 10 and 12 a. . m.
YOUNG lady for office; one with knowledge of
stenography preferred; state ago and salary
expected. Box 4523, Call office. - .
WANTED— Girls experienced In paper box
making. THE STUPARICH MFG. CO., 141-
147 Fremont st. " . » ¦..'.> ¦ • _
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman housekeeper
to care for girl of 5 years. 622 Natoma st.
GIRLS to make paper boxes; steady job; paid
while learning. 522 Market St.. -third floor.
GIRL for general housework. Call from 10 to
12. 2415 Washington st. „ .- \
50 PATIENTS more or less afflicted with ca-
tarrh cured; French methods; treatment free.
Allopathic physician, 1236 Market, room 81.
APPRENTICES In.' millinery store at €22 Mc-
Allister St.; first-class teaching.
ELDERLY woman, rood home; V> month. Call
Tuesday between 1 and t. 1170 Market, rm. 11.
¦YOUNG woman for country, cook, wash, assist
with general housework; J20. 828 Turk st.
GIRLS to^werk in a paper box factory. 16
Fremont st.
COMPOSITOR experienced on catalogue work.
. 113 Davis St., FREYGANG-LEARY CO. .
WANTED— Good girl for housework; nice easy
place. ¦ 100S',fe Market St.. room 4. - . :
WANTED— A tailoress for bushellng depart-
. ment at RAPHAEL'S.
GIRL i for general' housework. 130S Buchanan i
street. . » . .
FINISHERS on custom "pants. 164 Russ St., he-
\ tween- Howard and Folsom, Bth and Tth.
WANTED— A waitress at 618 Sljith st.
GERMAN girl {or general h.<nisework; Email
family. .2130 Setter st. .
WANTED— Chambermaid. 10*5 «ar*«t St.;
wages $10; room and board.
WANTED— Girl for general hous«worH; wajjes
$20 per month. Apply^2209 Brod»rlck st.
YOUNG girl to assist and mind cAHdrs-o; slaep
home.- Apply Rio Third st. 4 ' ' ' ¦¦¦'-- ¦
TAILORESS wanted on custom co^ts. 318
Third st. *
WANTED— girls tocnt fruit a* Standard Pack-
Ing Co., 11 to 17 Hermann st.
YOUNG girl for, general housework; three In
family. 1402 Hyde st. . . ' .-.
GIRL* for generatl housework. 1053 Market ft.,
upstairs. •
AN experienced waitress for private boarding
house. 212 Eddy st.
GOOD finisher on coats; $10 a week. .251 Eighth
. st.,' Oakland.
COMPETENT young . lady to assist forelady
In shirt factory; one who thoroughly under-
stands the business; state experience and sal-
ary expected. Box 4509, Call offlca.
EXPERIENCED operator on button hole ma-
chine; steady work; good pay. Brenner-Ul-
man Co.. 17 Battery st. ' .
WANTED— Table hands and apprentices. Ap-
ply shoe factory, 103 Mission st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework, *li».
38 Silver st. ¦ ¦ - ¦¦ •
GIRL for general housework and cooking; two
In family. Apply bet. 9 and 12, 1705 Gough st.
EXPERIENCED . canners for . fruit: steady
work; highest wages. '¦„ Apply California Can-
neries Co., 425. Brannan st.
WANTED Immediately, women and £irls to
work on fruit: steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co., 42S Bran-
nan st. -
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply «f FON-
TANA BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, comer Francisco and Taylor sts.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work' en fruit:
. steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
. TING BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
WANTED— Experienced operator on women's
wrappers; steady work; electric power; good
pay- MARKS BROg.. 1212 Market st. ...
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole ' maker wanted.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
APPRENTICES on vests; paid while learning.
BELASCO & HARRIg CO., 541 Market et.'
GOOD girl wanted in bindery. MY6ELL-RQL-
LINS CO.. 22 Clay st. ¦
WANTED— Woman of ability; able to -direct
from ten to twenty employes. Box 3713, Call.
APPRENTICES for ladies' tailoring; paid
while learning; steady. 819 Post *t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore 6t.
A BRANCH -office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
- Valencia St. ¦ -.
HELP WANTED-MA^IiJ.
AT C. B. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 104 GEARY ST.
Wanted— 500 men for new railroad work....
Teamsters, laborers, trackmen,
strappers, section men, tunnelmen, rockmen,
drillers.- hammermen, stone masons and help-
ers and blacksmiths .- ,
..For S. P. and Santa Fa systems..
.And Cal. and N. W. By at
Ukiah ..',
Nevada' ,
Truckee :...¦....:
, ,. Bakersfield
Coast Road
Chatsworth Park .'.....,.. .."
Santa Barbara Division
Wages $1 75 to $4 a, day :...
Free'fare Ship to-day...., Free far«
\ 250 laborers and teamsters for Great North-
ern Railroad, In State of Washington, $2 a
day; board, $4 50 a week..'........; ......;.
Blacksmith, R. R. camp, $3 a day, free
fare; blacksmith, R. R. camp, $2 7J a day,
-free fare; sawmill blacksmith. $2 a day;
blacksmith for resort. Lake Tahoe,. $45 and
fare paid; blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 a
day and found and fare paid; 4 blacksmiths,
country, $2 50 to $3 a day..
50 laborers for sawmills and woods. $26 - to
S30 and board, fare paid; edgerman, $50; 10
lumber pliers, $35, for country sawmill; farm-
ers, - milkers, choremen and others....
........... HOTEL. DEPARTMENT ...........
Head cook, summer resort, $S0 and fare
paid; cook and helper, country hotsl, $75 to
.$80; head cook. $50; second cook, $30,' country
hotel, see ' party here: ¦ second cook.' hotel,
north, . $75; night-- cook, railroad camp,- $35.
free fare; night, cook, restaurant. 560; -dish-
washers and kitchen hands, $30 and $-25..:
Shirt - polisher, hotel laundry, country,' $40
and half fare paid....... '. ,
C. R. HANSEN, fc CO..... ;.. 104 Geary st.
AT the California Employment JTeency, . ¦
¦ 59 Third -st. ; rjlune. Bush 40.".-
...:. ......100 It. R. laborers.....
.....L. A:: and -Santa .Barbara . division/..;.
BO R. R. teamsters and laborers.. $2 pei/day
.:....: FOR UKIAil .-.r.f.....".-
:..... FREE FAICS .............;.'..
B0 laborers, $2 25 per day, country, company's
own work, fare advanced..
20 . carpenters, rounh . work. ."..".'. ..$3 5ft per day
...........;. FARE ADVANCED :..
-.40 shovelers....... 51 00 ¦ v<rx dfty andfourul
- 6 men for quarry, $2 25 per day, see boss here
9 a.,m., free fare..........
; Man , and - wife • to { do ; porter . work, wife , to
make beds," rooming house; $C5 per mo. & rm.
MESSENGER : boy, , tl 50;day;'2; men" about
- place, $25 to $30; 3 men and wives for ranches
, and private families,' $40 and $60; sheep herd-
¦ ' era, $25 - 1 to $30 : •. teamsters ' for . country, $69
- month and " $2 25 ; day ; ; ironer •? and polisher,
. country, $35 and board; milker and clic-reman,
$30; 2 milkers. J30; 2 boys to sell fruit," 75c day
¦ and others. J. , F. CROSETT .& CO., 628 Sac-
ramento ; st. ." . - : '.: t-' .'...,"¦
BOARDING' house : cook, $10: hotel cook, ' $40;
. hotel baker and ' pastry cook, $40 to $45; hotel
.porter, $25; hotel waiter, $30; dishwashers and
others. L-, J. . F. CROSETT .; & " CO., (i2J . Sa- ra-
. mento st. • • .- "" • . : '
¦ WANTED-rCooks. .- waiters, ..waitresses .and
.dishwashers; • register at once; "no - fee. V 127
Mason st. '; -¦:_ BSlvftEBtB '¦" - , •
FIRST-CLASS barber f or • oho week; good
wages. •' 1938 Mission st. ,
•AN FUAXCISCO CALL.
r-CSlNKSS OrnCH of Th» Pan FraarUto
<~atl. «Nirner ot Market trui Thlr.1 Hrwti; open
uwtil a «A'Wk vvfry ntcM In U«-» year.
rmAXCll OPPICR«-«I Mcatsaatry rtrtrt, )
piiratr Clay; ©?#« unit! >:S0 j>. ra.' ¦
XTO Maj-oit Mrrrt : «,i* n. until -*;SH p.m.'
• O]tteA1t:ner Mreet; >j>.?n until »:30 p. m.
fj' Ls-rkin t-trm; •¦•'-•ii onlll »;M-p. m.
:?<l Minlcn itrcrt; e;>cu uniil 10 P. «n.
r?f| Ma«k« ett-eet. corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. tn. *
JCC Eleventh strict ; <T*-n until 9 i». tn.
KC6 Valencia rtrecl; crcn until 5p.ni,
Nerti;*rest carnrr Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tdrky -street*; open until 3 p. mi.
T?no Filljnore Mxeet: o!>en until 3 p. nt.
MEETING NOTICES.
SAN* FRAXCISCO Consistory «,-. r^»'
Xo. 1. A. and A.. Scottish Rite i rfvV4ri,j*
n:" Masonry— Officers and mem- f!?V?vAfiF*\
hers: Vou are hereby notified foLjfcjiJvBSLMi <
lo assemble at Commandery MrTf-^TH I
Hall. Masoalc Temple. TUES- (f_rX*i*i !
t DAY, July SO. 1J01. at 1 o'clock J^wgBfiUt- '
p. m.. to take part In the Iu- . * s«£M**%' '
rieral obsequies of our late >«>-•¦-
brother, JAMES G. McGEORGE. 32d D.
FRANK B. LADD, Master of the Kadosh. '
HEXRY BURNER. Registrar.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. S. R. A. M.. »
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- A
ING, July 20. at 7:30 o'clock. R. A. de-«jf Jf
CTce. By order of the H. P. i
FRAXKLIN' H. DAY. Secretary- I
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 20. F. and A. m " !
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) «/V/ I
EVENING, fit 7:30 o'clock. D. 3. By %_X j
order ot W. M. '^^ 1
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary. )
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. « I
121 Eddy et.. will meet on TUESDAY, m ffk m i
the 3Cth. at 1:20 p. k., to attend the 'JEJf I
funeral of our late brother. JAMEa •xT
McGEORGE. Master Masons are invited. i
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodjre No. 144. F. and A. m
M.— Third degree THI§,. (TUESDAY) A
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Master Ma-
sons cordially Invited. - 'V>
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. o
M.— OJHcere and members are request- _#%_
ed to attend the funeral of I'ETER A.
CLUTE. late oast master Volcano f^r '
Lodge No. 56. F. and A. M., from the Masonic
Temple. WEDNESDAY, at 1:30 p. m. Master
Masons, relatives and friends are cordially
invited. A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary.
UNITY Encampment No. 26, I. O. O. at *,
F.— Installation of officers TO-NIGKT, X/*
Jointly with Wildey No. 23. S\
H. K. SCHROEDER. C. P. •TV
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. ¦•¦*£mi2'4 ! ,
O. F.-Memh<-rs will meet in ¦"§^S?£—
hall WEDNESDAY. July SI at
1:80 p. m. to attend funeral of '-•'"W^ j
, our late brother. JAMES DAVIS. P. G.
A. W. BENEDICT. N. G. |
ANTCUAL meetlnp — The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tli'e Works for the election of trustees for the
ensuins: year and the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the '
meeting will be held at the office of the com- I
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard ]
sts.. San Frc»clsco. on MONDAY.- the 5th i
day of August, 1901. at 11 o'clock a. m. :
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association— The
above association will hold its regular annual
picnic on SUNDAY. August 4, 190L at Shell !
Mound Park. Berkeley. Very valuable gate j
prizes are to be given. Including a Domestic
sewlnjr machine. ¦ -
AGESTS WASTED. .
PERMANENT position for good salesman;
must earn over $100 monthly; ex-teacher. In-
surance or book salesman preferred. Pacific
Newspaper Union, f27 Market St.. S. F.
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted into good" "homes. MRS*! |
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda
ASPUALTL'JI ROOFIAG.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; r-cstal. 1126 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;divorces private;bankruptcy; col- i
lections :attachments; mortgages; bills of sale; 1
partnerships:deeds: wills drawn;fees low;open !
eve's. THURSTON. lOOSyfe Mkt., r. 4, op. oth. j
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without success; collections. G. \V. I
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor.Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St.. rooms 28-29.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kct st. ; consultation free; nofees in advance, j
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 11 per year.
UOOKS SEW', A.V,*) OJL.IJ.. !
BOOKS of every kind boughT^TeT^Red ~29S6.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission et.
IlOAHDl.XG KOIl CHILDREN.
A WIDOW (German) wouloT like a young
child or taby to board; a good home and a
mother's care. MRS. RICHTER, 201 Third
eve.. Richmond.
LADY wishes 2 or 3 children; ages 3 to S years;
good home. Box 22S8. qall office, Oakland.
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er's care; t:o up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
A GERMAN lady wishes children to board day I
week or month; sunny yard. 439 Minna st. ' j
WANTED— A boy about 5 years old to take i
care of: will give him a good home; terms j
reasonable. Address lOlSU York st.
"""""""^ "* ~""~*" "^ — — j
Itl'SIirBSS OHAACES. i
A^30^BrRTOol^on^llrl^t™tr.™cTo"srtS i
Chronicle; daily receipts from $35 to $35; rent I
ROB; a good business. Inquire R. W WILKE i
2C'i Kearny st. ]
A— $600; SALOON, established many years ¦ in
choicest business part of this city; low rent-
investigate at once and you will find a first-
class paying business. Call R. G. WILKE. |
26t* Kcarny gt. ,
A— $1000; General merchandise store, with I
coal and hay yard, across the bay; estab-
lished many years and doing a splendid busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st. j
A— $900; SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms. 4th
and Market sts.; net rent $22; rare chance*
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26-j Kearny st!
A— I15CD; COFFEE saloon and restaurant ;~one
block south of Market st. i daily receipts from
$30 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st. i
A— $1250; CORNER transfer saloon In the very
best location; established 10 years; rent *40-
death in family cause, of sale and a great sac-
rtfice. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '
A-4130fl; FIRST-CLASS In prices and first-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building -
come, investigate and you will find a splen-
did investment. Call R. G. WILKE, 26'A
Kearny Et. .
100 CIGAR stands, 200 candy stores. 300 groce-
ries and bars, 400 saloons, SCO bakeries. 600
stores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from; call In and see what we can
offer. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market.
$2500— SALOON and lodging-house; best busi-
£?? s ? n ,, the oity fron t. Mclaughlin &
CO.. 777J£ Market St.; established 25 years:
A— PRINTING business; large transient trade;
toOO. W. MITCHELL. 1206 Market st.
COUNTRY newspaper. 40 miles from S. F.. for
saJe cheap; best of reasons for selling; 20
other newspapers for sale. W. F. CORNELL
& CO.. 61S Sacramento st. *~v*™i*l.u
J125-RESTAURANT. city front; rent only $15*
per month; No. 1 chance. 323 Kearny. rmT 4.'
I1^ PAK T£ CER *f Cishler : restaurant clears
1200 month. Apply rms. 4 and 5. 223 Kearny.
CHANCE to acquire the best located candy
and icecream parlors in the city; owner must
leave the State immediately; will take half
Its value. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine.
FOR sale— Acropolis Chophouse, Sutro Heights*
low rent; doing good business; the owner
leaving for Europe. /
iPOK sale— First-class 40-can . milk . route; 2
. horses and wagon; fine depot. Box 3718, CaliT
1GUN & locksmith business &. buildings Tor sale
Address S. F. Call Agent. Saxta Cruz. Cat. {
EALOON for tale cheap or take a partner. 610 !
Commercial et., near Kearny. j
FOR RALE-Cheap, grocery and bar and 4 bed-
rooms. 1Z22 Xatoma Bt.
HOTEL — DO rooms: newly furnished: prosperous
Interior city; commercial patronaec; rent M45
Further particulars of the P.ailway Hand-
Cook Publit-h!ns Co., 20 Mont-joinery ct. ,
OLD estubliF::<-'J Eastern poultry supply plant
»'it!i bUKineKE in every State. Address
"Poultry." room 63. Winchester- Hotel, city.
FOR' rale at e caciifice— Candy and Ice cream
parlor, manufacturing:' tools, etc.. every tiling
complete. Audreys box H729, Cal! office.
WASTED for cash 'on ehort notice — Groceries.
hai<iware, merchandise. 14 McAllister, r. 16; "
GOOD paying restaurant and lodslng-house;
a miles from city. Address box 3943, Call. -
$1200 — a Cal! ajroncy in.r. city near San Fran-
cisco. liux S733. Call office. ¦ ¦ . ' - -
$350— GROCERY and bar: four nice livinff rooms
tn recr. ZGtt Folscm «t j
lU'51\F.«i* <*UANCU<— CTn-Mtnn-Ml.
"CVAJCTED— An honest *n>i •>obfr partner wlt!»
fSOOO In-ttii optlral tiiit>l;vv>.«: must either li*
an ciitlclan w Iw? al»K' to attend ' i« oorro-
Mwnulnit, * v «»h vwiptv Hh;>ut Jliw »<•
*W» prr-mnnUi. AddWM GttORGR i MAY-
KKt.t:. Ocrwan Kxuert Ojitlcija. luUH Mar-
ket ift., Pjn I^rnnctAco. " .*
KOK S.M.K— A barsain; *n, email ro^t»»:rnnt
viiu *M nonJy licai-Oeis: ••an rent 3 Uvlns
i-oonis. funitshM. ApjUy^^^H^vaVdj^
RKSTAUKANT. In .Tluuroti: chean rent. MUS.
I.. I.1NH, Tlburon. ...>_.„
DliMCACY-utore; irtUEt be roM or given away:
5 living roon;s; it;h SIS. fiS5 Valencia st.
FOR SALK-RrnnHTljak^i-y chearn KOOii raying
place. r:s Hayea pt. ,
FOR SALE— Half Interest In blacksmith shop.
4400 Mission st.
I.ODGIXG.HOINKS tWlSALE^
rrrrrrrr. hotel and bah •.
70 looms, fine country town
Clears $250; price $1800. DECKER. 1020 Markt.
H. C. DECKER
1020 Market et.. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
26 Years in Business ' In This City..
Offers for Sale and Exchange
1C0 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms, $50 to 525,000
ISO lodging-houses, 6 to CCO rms.. $100 to. 20,000
4') flats. 3 to 12 rooms.. $80 to 750
50 private homes, 6 to 25 rooms, $90 to... 2,000
31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms., $350 to 10,003
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms, $1000 to 8.0C0
40 grocery stores, $400 to....... G.OOC .
20 candy stores. $300 to.. 6.000
40 saloons, $400 to ' 6.0CU
10 cigar stores. J300 to .' 1.000
oCO other businesses, all kinds, ?100 to.. 20.00G
100 vacant lots, $25 to .*. : S.000 .
7."i house6 and lots, everywhere. $600 to.. &O.O0C
B chicken ranches. $400 to 1.7C0
50 ranches, everywhere. $3<J0 to 14.000
...To Buy. S«ll or Exchange Anything Call.,
r can suit you. II C DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO..
s;o Market st. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
CO r.; rent J200: fine family hotel. ftitwO
34 r.: -?or.: rent $110: good fur. and carp.. 2.W3
ST. r. ; rent $110; residence, good, clrs. "5100.. 1000
Money loaned on deferred payment?; 1% p. c.
*» r.; rent $75; new carp.; pt. houpeUpg... 1200
12 r.: rent $50: Al loc: nice home 650
6 r.; rent $33; aowntown; fur. & car. gd..l 330
Over 500 bouses listed. Call before buying.
ATTENTION Lodging-house Keepers— 22 all
light rooms, corner Pacific and Powell; ault-
¦able improvement for permanent tenant:
house being thoroughly painted. and papered,
etc.; can be arranged for housekeeping; rent
cheap. Apply R. M'COLGAN. 24 Montgom-
ery st., room 3. ,
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, the real estate
hgent.— Money to loan— payable "monthly o/
yearly; no charge when you list your house
with me; call at office for list; here are some
samples: 22 rooms, xent $-3. clears $100, snap,
SSOO; 40 rooms, central, rent ?100, see this house.
$1800; 16 rms., rent ?50, 1 block Mkt., $050; 14
rooms, rent $30, housekeeping, no work, $300.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st
An elegant 11-room house ; oak furniture;
only $250 •
A beautiful home on Van Ness; 14 boarders:
large income: $1100
A 40-room house, richly furnished, clearing
$400 per month: in the exclusive residential
center: cost ?SOCO; now $7000.
. ¦ - ¦ ¦ ATTENTION. BUYERS '.
You may buy any i coming-house in
the city and pay for It
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st....... ]
Telephone Jessie 2211 ¦
22 rooms; rent $25; near Market $800 !
25 rooms: rent $75: N. of Market 1350
2S rooms: cheap rents; reduced to 1400
18 rooms; rent $50: clears $50 800
20 rooms: Third et.; rent $60 950
BEFORE buying your lodsing-houses or other
business, call on the Boston Business Agency, j
Everything thoroughly Investigated; a trial ,
McBRIDE & CO..... ....1016 Market st. j
SELECT -your homes from the largest list in
town — Rooming houses and hotels, from $100
to •'50,000: hundreds to choose from. WALTER j
HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st. -__ j
THE largest and best list . of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1311.
No,J17 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
$750— LODGING-HOUSE, near Market st.: new,
good furniture. McLaughlin & Co., 777V£ Mkt.
BARGAIN— 10-room lodglng-hous>e furnished
complete; all full; rent cheap. Call 310 Sixth.
$350— LODGING-HOUSE. 10 rooms, j furnished.
864-4 Mission St. *• '
SPIR1TUALIS3I.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful «eances;
Sun.. Tues., Fri., S p.m., 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them: give names: has received medais |
from many countries; taken last world's
rocord meda! 'at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush: tel.
2275 Larkin St.. ¦
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore: oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellis- i
st. car; sit. $1; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461. I
RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, I
the wcrld-renowned spiritual medium: advice
in all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces,
deaths; unites the separated: mining: a spe-
cialty; circles Sun., Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters |
answered. Residence (no signs) 38 McAllister, j
3HAS. RROCKWAY. 25c . seance Sunday and f
Thursday, 8 p. m. : every one gets a test: prl- i
vate readings daily. 299 Hyde St., cor. Eddy.
JOHN SLATER— Circles. 25c.: Sun., Mon.. Fri.
eves.. 8:15; Wed. aft., 2:45; sit. 10 to 4 except '
Sat. and Sun. 1S09 Stockton, near Greenwich.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-ntght, 653 McAllister St., 10c; come, '
skeptics. i
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak; clr. Tue3., Fri.. 8
p.m.: Wt-d., 2:30 p.m., 10c; readings daily. 59c.
5JRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth, room. 12: circle to- j
night, 10c; reliable business readings, 50c & $1. j
IV. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting- every I
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth st.. 2d floor, j
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: foaled let- J
ters. ans. ; 10c; readings. EOc. Jl. 148 .Sixth Et. j
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. i
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night,10c. j
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings dally: j
seance Sun., Tues. and Thurc. Tel. Polk 1601. j
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She I
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap- j
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu- !
Lure. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes- '
Lie, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; ¦
!5c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. [
KNOW YOUR FUTURE. j
Mme. Montague, clairvoyant- and palmist, I
gives advice In all affairs of life; gives names,
facts, figures, with full predictions in all love
affairs: not one failure; letters answered. 116
Turk st.. flat 1.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK.. the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate-ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction ! guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily/and Sunday.
A.— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST/
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the Coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. : readings by mail; 1
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls: has the greatest Egyp- ]
tlan secret: shows picture of future husband !
or wife; 25c up: satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth st. ¦ .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second - sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit., $1 50. 12C Turk.
tSMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, imrmanently located 1148 Market, op.
eth; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p.vin.
\.. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist; horo-
scopes cafct; lesions given/- 50c: hours 11 to 1
and 4 to 6. 143 Sixth st.. room 22.
JP to date; Mme. Rlcfeards. astrological palm-
ist and reader of human destiny; never fails;
25c and SO-.-. 1203, Mission st.. cor. Sth.'.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium;^ 25c. 777 Market st.. room IS.
MME. HAXSEK. card reader and nalmlst:
past, present, future; 25c. US 6th. 1 2d floor,
IME.WALTEP.S. great card reader; ladle? 26c-
gents SOc. SDl Mission, nr. 6th; oj.en Sundays.'
VI. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium-
.sittings. 9a.m. to 8 p.m. ; 50c. 215 Leavenwnrth.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana*
only 10c. 262 Minna et.. near Fourth.
VIRS. BROWN. clairvoyant. card reader-'
ladies 25c.-- gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
iIrs.Mallory.clalrvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fail consult me; L.*25c, G. 60c. 317 Howard;
URS. MKLVILLTwell-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11. 6th;German spoken :tel. Howard 1846.-
tf ME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; isc. IH'j Mission,
CT, VT»» VO V \ VT«— rn*»«Mw-wt»rt.
.\:.\u:, FO1AKFKR, .ftalrveyant, card rt»»d«r;
>ittlBK» tially. 41SH Ji»»sle n., het. 6>j*_>jut 6th.
MME. RAVKXNA rrads lift tiAtwili'i bUllotM
a»l>'lr<>; nan'*** trlv»n; SSe mv B Kpurth it.
i ¦ — — •"— • — - — — — — — — — •
• CAH1»I3T MKATIXC; AMI CLEANING.
WHKS you Iteuonta disKUKt^il with poor work
pon.tto NPAULtHXO'8 pioneer '\iruet-bettt»
.Ing Works. CiS-U?.* Tuhanm tH.; tcl. I SouUi i_-W.
UliATlN'O. Co; laying-, 3c: mtovHtlnR, 5c up;
I xvol ' lt GUaraiileril. T. It. Co. 1 ; phone Scott 1310.
I RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
_- reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tcl. Mission 263.
COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatlns Worki,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main Z)i. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor. ;
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. • H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and - Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
' TON, 3 Eighth st.; telephone Jessie 9*4.
.* CHIROPODIST'S.'
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet;
j diploma T.P.S.S.N. Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
l.MiKOWN nail», bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Suttpr.
COLLECTION. OFFICES,-
j GEORGE \V. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
] less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
" COTTAGE,- 714 Florida st. ; large yard and cel-
lar; near Twentieth; rent ?9. ; i
LOVELY funny ¦ cottage, 8 rooms, bath; gar-
dens; yard. S3 Cumberland, nr. Dolores: $20."
SUNNY ' cottage of 6 rooms and bath. > 1S2S
Bush st. - -- ¦
' SSO-^COTTAGE, » rooms and bath; large sunny^
j yard. 2623 Bush- Et. -' * ¦-
I . UE\TISTS.
|a-DR..T. S. HIGGINS. 327 Market street,
I Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
| - for painless dentistry; pure gold filling £1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
Guaranteed, $0 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to ?10; teeth
without plate; painless " extraction. ' :
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
kct St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have- your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $1 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
I EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
i and fillings; extractions or. fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
I experience ;¦ no students; advice free; prlcc-3
• , cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
I DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. y\
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl;
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $3; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors,- 24- Sixth.
! AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.N, i
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.'
LOWEST prices in S. F.' Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st., cor. Gth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evening3 and Sun- j
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of. teeth without plate. DR. H. 5T
i YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. . . ,-¦
- DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
¦ McCABE'S Detective Agency handies^aTrTegTu
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
¦ ¦ rofJns 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South 3S1.
j DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
i Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
! ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
atttentlon, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
\ $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com' 1 law,
penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER=-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.-
Shorthand. typing and 'bookkeeping: Robert
. F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $30; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an' accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
• colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ...
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
" feets beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. . the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand. '¦ typ-'
Ing. practical- bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est.1864. Van
der. Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School^
associated with theatrical ag-ency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs, only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
High School students— The WeeklyGeometry Pa-
pers make home study easy; circulars. 3C40 16th.
PIANO and German: pupil of Leipsic Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY >J?. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
ELECTRO-THKRAPKUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
* Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE and sales office, 321 Phelan bldg.—
Send particulars of anything you have for ex-
change, sale or want; registration free; genu-
lne oil lands, gold, copper mines, ranches, etc.'
E3IPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese . help of alPTcTnds";
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.^
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.- Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
: Best help. 411>A O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426. I
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment ¦• of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT* WAKTED— FE3IALE.
A POSITION to do general housework and cook-
ing, or as housekeeper In nice family, by com-
petent young woman with boy 8 years. 135
Fillmore st. • '
A COMPETENT woman wants in a fam-
lly; housswork or nursing. Address 230 Minna.
RESPECTABLE, reliable girl wishes to do light
housework for 2 or 3 adults; -moderate wages;
no postals. ' Call at 3209 Fillmore st. '
YOUNG lady wishes a position as waitress or
chambermaid. Address 1C67 Mission st.
A REFINED, reliable girl wants housework
and good home In small family of adults; is
good cook; $20 to $25. - F. S., box 4515, Call. /
WANTED — General housework;- a good cook.
204 Van Ness ave. . . - ¦ ...-•¦. i
AYOUNG girl wishes to do general > housework
; and cooking in family of adults. Apply 1114
Powell st. ¦ - .-.'--;-
WANTED — Situation to cook for worklngmen
or in an Institution. -Cook, 304 Stockton st.
AN American" woman wishes cooking and light
housekeeping for adults; wages $2 50 a; week;
no postals. 220 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS American cook : desires situa-
tion; best city references; wages . $30. Box
4521. Call office. . , .
A. NEAT. young girK wishes positlonSto do up-
stairs work 'and assist with children: wages
$13; also young girl for upstairs work and
sewing; wages $20. Apply 705 Natoma St.; no
postals. - . ' i'*v *
A YOUNG woman, has small child, wants posi-
tion as working housekeeper; home « more of
object than salary; city references. Box 4526,
'Call office. * .. r .
YOUNG woman, first-class English cook,
• wishes situation In small family where a sec-
ond girl Is kept; $25 upward. Box 2289.- Call,
Oakland. --.¦¦¦>¦:¦' -:¦ . - » ; ¦ • ; -:. .- . ,
A WOMAN wishes to do chamberwork in a
•* rooming-house; $4 a week. 579 Natoma st.
COMPETENT .girl wants situation for cooking
and housework:, city references. 1022". Larkin.
ELDERLY. Scotch woman wishes light house-
work; good cook; city or country. •.-.: 136 Fifth
st., between Howard and Mission.
MIDDLE- AGED ¦ woman | as working housekpr. ;
lst-class ; in - every . respect. . 216% 6th, -, rm. 16.
YOUNG woman for general housework; wages
¦ $20.; 760A Howard Et.. from 4 to 9 p. ¦•»/..* • • .
I1KLF ._ WANTED— ¦MALE— Cow.
A— MURRAY & Ui:.\HV *>hon« Main S343
- L«atlln* Einp)?ym*nt and Lftbor A««nt*.
OMf* open T a. m
6000 H, It. men wanted ..Free Far*
................... i.o«> Ansrlrs ...................
S. 1\ H, n. Co.'» own work
•... Santa l!;uh:\ri
Uktah
Cal. A N*\V. R. It
Uktah
................ Santa Fe U. R.
7f> teamsters, t'lclah ......tree fare
100 laborers. Ukiah $2 day
60 steel, track and ballast men. Ukiah; car-
load laborers, S. P. R. R. Co.'s work, $1 75
day; 150 laborers, all dlv., San Fe. fre* fare
FRKE FARE FREE FARE
....Ship Free. Morning. Nooa and. Night....
; MECHANICAL HELP
Foreman carpenter $3 day and found
Wheelwright. $2 50 day; wood worker, small
country shop, $50 and found; spool tender. $45
and found, gee boss here: bolt and rivet
maker. $3 day; rough carpenter, minins com-
pany, $75: harness maker, camp near city.
$35 and found; sang edgerroan; blacksmith,
country shop, $3 day; 1 blacksmiths and
shoers; different country places
MINES— LABORERS
2 machine miners, new mine, $2 CO; 10 labor-
ers, no experience required, for a new mine.
$60; 5 laborers for a mine, $2 60 fare, $60;
10 laborers, large company, Shasta Co., $2 25
day 259 laborers, city and country, Jl 75 to
$2 50 day ."
FARE PAID SAWMILLS AND WOODS
6EE BOSS HERE
10 laborers to work in mills, yards and woods,
no experience necessary, $26 and found; 10
laborers for the woods, $30, fare paid; 5 lum-
ber pliers, $35 and found: crosscut sawyers: 2
men to clear land," $40 and found; 4 -Traders,
$2 25 day; powder men, $2 25 day; 10 drillers.
$2 60 and $2 25 day..
FARMS.. DAIRIES HARVEST
15 farm hands, "steady Jobs. $25 and $30; S
pruners,- apricot trees; 9 orchard hands. $26
and $30; 85 men. hav and harvest, $1 25 to
$2 SO day; 14 milkers, $30 to $10; 9 hay balers,
20c ton and $3 day; 2 sheep herders, $25 and
$30 : :
; MISCELLANEOUS ....
Driver, wholesale milk route. $40 and found;
5 men for grain warehouse on a large ranch,
$49 and found, steady job; butcher and drive
wagon, near city. J30 and found; 5 warehouse
men, J3 day; teamsters, $3 and $4 «Jay; boys
for peddling wagon; married driver, milk
v route. $55
Young man, drive delivery and work In store,
$3 week ¦-•*.•' ,.••¦,
Working foreman, small ranch, 9*9 boss hero.
Canwashers. city dairy ?25
..,..£0 TEAMSTERS— COUNTBT "WORK..:..
25 2-horse teamsters, scraper anil wagons, $2
day; 25 4-hors« teamsters, scraper and wagons.
$2 25 day
\ MARRIED HELP
* Farmer and wife, small orchard, $40, see boss
here ; I farmer and wife, $'50 ; man and w if e.
harvesting outfit, {£0, long Job
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef cook, mine boarding-house, $60. see party
her*;' waiter and dishwasher, same ranch.
near city. $25," see boss here; Z bakers" helpers,
$23 and $30; cook and wife, country hotel:
coelt, small orchard, $25; 7 ranch cooks, 12
.' waiters, city and country; vegetablemen and
kitchen hands, etc... ,
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
S. I\ EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.... 639 Clay st.
500 R. R. men. .....'. 300 teamsters
Free fare ".Santa Fe Free fare
. F»ee fare- Santa Barbara Free fare
Free fare Ukiah Free fare
200 laborers -for sawmill Fare advanced
Teamsters ...: City Teamsters
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Second cook, $30; 2 colored waiters, $30.
BOSS barbers— AH boss barbers are requested
to attend a meeting of the Master Barbers'
Association' to-night at 102 O'Farrell st. at 9
o'clock. -Sanitary, antiseptics and other mat-
ters of importance to be discussed. S.
HELLER, ¦ Secretary Master Barbers' Asso-
ciation. . , ¦
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
.free employment. 927 Market St.. room 207..
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
HOP PICKING— Wanted. 2000 men, women and
children to pick hops; pleasant work; crop
very heavy; easiest . picking:; hop dances
nightly: good -music ; good camping accom-"
modations; tents rented cheap; wood and
plenty good water free. Groceries at city
prloes; stores, bakery and postoffice on
ranch. Picking commences . August 12 at
Horstville Ranch, 2 miles east of Wheatland,
on Bear River. Apply or address P. M.
ROONEY, Horstviile, CaL, or HORST
BROTHERS, 122 Battery St.. San Francisco.
LUNCH waiter— 1224 Point Lobos ave. Geary-
st. cars. ' .
WAXTED— A man that understands florist
and nursery work. 500 Halght s*.
BOY wanted to wait at table and do porter
work. 37 Eddy st. . ,
WANTED— Bootblack. ' Apply at The Oak
barber shop. 111 Ellis st.
WANTED— A man to help in drning-room; $15
and found. 607 Mission st.
BOOTBLACK— 39 Post St. SHRECKER &
KERN. - , :
WANTED— A steady, reliable man on bread.
Apply after 10 a. m., 1S17 Pow»H st
WAKTED — Shoemaker on repairing; steady
work; weekly wafes. 791 Mission st.
FIRST-.CLAES vest makers for custom vesta.
1215 Market st..* bet. Eighth and Ninth.
BARKEEPER (German preferred): state refer-
ences In application. Box 4525, Call.
BOY to learn plumbing trade. 321 No* st., off
Sixteenth and Market.
ANIGHT dishwasher at 13 Powatt st.
BOY wanted. 106 Stockton st; references re-
quired. -
BRIGHT young man wanted for the butcher
- business. Call at 3035 Sacramento st.
WANTED— A butcher. 15 Noe st.
PANTS and vest makers for country. Apply
REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter Tit.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work insida.
ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM, IMS Market st.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. .Apply
725 Fourth St., San Rafael. T«l. Red 15.
BARBERS— 2 ehalr-shop for salt for $30. 688
Fourth st.
ERRAND boy wanted. 304 Tehama'st.
WANTED— Errand boy. Apply stall 55.' Union
Square Market, bet. 1 and 3 p. an.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; positions at $$0
i monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examina-
tions and diplomas given free; complete out-
fit of tools -donated; wages while . learning;
more calls for our graduates than can be sup-
plied; call or write at once for tree catalogue
and special offer. MOLER BARBER COI^-
LEGE. IS35 Ciav sjt- '
WANTED-^Recrultf for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: net
! less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 8 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
1 WANTED— Experienced manager for special
branch of our business extending over coast
and Hawaiian Islands; if mutually agreeable
party may purchase % interest of this branch;
state experience, ability,' age, etc. A. B., box
3754, Call office. .
YOUNG man -wanted for 'outside work Jn city;
salary $60 monthly; commission and expenses:
must be energetic and In position to invest
few hundred dollars (returnable); exceptional
. opening for right man. Address box 4474. Call.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain . handlers and sack
. sewers are hereby notified to remain away
' from Vallejo. Crockett and Port Costa until
. further notice. _¦ By order Bay Counties "Ware-
housemen's Protective Association No. 9228.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers: also confectioners rfcood" pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason at. -
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 130 large
• rooms; 25c per night; $l.to $2 per week.
WANTED- Young man with some" cash; $30
month and board; no experience. '496 Fourth
st. ; restaurant.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
JEWELERS. 32^»Bush st., third floor, room 4.
SEVERAL good . clerical positions open. Call
. at 1008"£ Market St., room 4.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts ot
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. -v
YOUNG man to do • Janitor work for tuition in
J San Francisco Barber School. - 741A Howard.
COATMAKERS wanted. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. .541 Market st. . "" „
GET your shoes half-soled while", waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. tet.. 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY, have 500 pairs second-
'¦ hand shoes for sale: 50c up. '241 Third st.
WANTED-A good photographer and router.
Address . box 4438. Call Tot Hce. .
WAITED— 500 1 men to , buy r.ew and 2d-har.d
army shoes. $1 up; soling ZOc up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at., near Mar- '
ket— 70O rooms. 25c flight; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been - established at lOStJ
: Valencia st. ' .. - .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to: any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for |L iBOSTON" BEATS NEW YORK.
Grounds Bad at Detroit.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Heavy Downpour of Rain Makes tha
CINCINNATI. July 29.— The tallenders put
up a stiff" iaVWcle of ball to-day. Chicago won
by the bunching of a somber of scratch hits In
the sixth inning. Attendance, 800. Score:
Clubs- R. H". E.
Cincinnati „ 2 8 9
Chicago „ 3 12..>'»
Batteries— Phillips and Bergen; Menefee and
Kahoe. Umpire— Nash.
NEW YORK, July 29.— Boston beat New
Tork in the tenth Inning in the first game this
afternoon en bits by Murphy and Lowe and
Lore's two-bagger. Hlckman*s error enabled
Boston to tie the score In the eighth.
The second game was stopped on account of
rain in the second inning. Attendance, 4000.
Score, first game:
Clnba— R. H. B.
New York - 4 9-3
Boston 5 11 3
Batteries — Matth«wson and "Warner; Nichols
"fcad Kittridge. Umpire — Ettnalle."- J
ST. LOUIS. July ».— Plttsburg shut out St.
Louis through the steady twirling of Chesbro.
Powell was so easy that the visitors had no
trouble In dividing the series. Attendance.
8309. Tha seers: . •
Clubs— P.. H. B.
St. Louts » S >*
Ptttsbnrg - 8 15 1
Batteries — Powell and Schrlver: Chesbro *nd
O'Connor. Umpires— O'Day and Brown.
PHILADELPHIA, July 29,-BrookIyn broke
Philadelphia's winning streak to-day. Dona
' hue was hit freely, but Hughes kept the home
: team's hits w«H scattered. Attendance 48S1.
• Score:
' Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn li — . ........ 7 13 2
Philadelphia C 10 *
Batteries — Hughes. Donovan. Farren and
McGuiro; Donahue and McFarland. Umpire— >
Dwyer.
AMERICAN LEAOUE.
DETROIT. July 29. — A heavy downpour Just
before the game put the grounds tn a soggy
condition for the first few Innings to-day.
Cronln waa hit hard. Nops was aiso hard hit
in two Innings. Attendance. 1721.' Score:
Clubs— R. *H. Z.
Detroit 5 11 4
Baltimore ....10 14 4
Batteries— Cronin and Shaw; Nops and Bres
nahan.
¦ CHICAGO. July 29.— McFarland's home run
in the ninth saved the locals -from a shut-out
to-day. Attendance, 6190. Score:
Clubs— ,-. . R, h. E.
Chicago 15 2
Boston 4 11 1
Batteries— Patterson, Harvey and Sugden;
Young and Schreck.
MILWAUKEE. July 29.— Milwaukee batted
Carrlck at will, to-day and won easily. Reidy
pitched a great game. Attendance, S75. Score:
Clubs— ' R. H. E.
Milwaukee ... 9 15 0
Washington 1.9 2
Batteries — Reidy and Donahue; Ca trick and
Clarke.
¦ ' » ? » ¦¦
Handicap "Won by Do-wxdng.
NEW" YORK. July 29.— "Major" Taylor
duplicated his victory of Saturday when
he beat Frank Kramer at Manhattan
Beach in the half-mlla circuit champion
ship in a similar event on the in£oor ten
lap track at the Madison Square Gardah
to-night. Kramer was defeated in tne
semi-final heat by TV*. S. Fenn. who met
Taylor in the final heat. Taylor won by
three-quarters of a. wheel's length.
The one mile professional handicap waa
won by Harry Downing of San Jose, Cal.
. • . m ¦
Lamed. 'Wins Tennis Match.
LONGTVOOD, Mass., July 29.— W. A.
Larned Is the first holder of the third
Lon^wood cup. he having defeated Beals
Wright In a most exciting flve-set tennis
match this afternon. Both men played
very fast despite the fact that the courts
were soaked so that the footing was not
good. \-
LATE SHIPPING rNTZIilGENCTE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. July 29.
Bark Alden Besse. Kessell. 24 hours from
Honolulu. -g^^.
. Monday, July 29.
Stmr Newbur*. Peterson. .
¦ ' "- MEMORANDUM.
Per bark Alden Besse — On July 17. twelve
days frcm Honolulu. M McAchernian died of
consumption. Was buried at sea.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July ' Z»-8ctir John
G North, for San Francisco.'
This statement was signed by Edward
J. White, a British soldier; Alme Van
Den Bogaerda, a Belgian, and Charles F.
Pope, a citizen of the United States.
Is either the officers of the Allegheny
nor officials of the line would make any
statement concerning the arrest of Mur
rillo. ;-. . -.-'.-.
"The captain then went on land and
after a while returned with more police
men, and we then, thought that he was
.goin^ to give up the passenger in ex
change for his papers. The police went
up. to Murrillo and tearing from him the
•dirty rag," as they called the flag of
Kaiser Wilhelm, took the prisoner from
the ship."
The anest did not take place at this
time, and the police withdrew on the cap
tain's, protest. Later, however, the ship's
clearance papeis were refused, and the
statement was made that they would not
be furnished until Murrillo was surren
dered. A signed statement concerning the
incident then says:
According 1 to a signed statement made
by three of the Allegheny's passengers
MHrrillo left the United States about four
months ayo on a passport signed by the
Colombian Minister at Washington. On
hia arrival at Savanilla he was arrested
and taken to Pogoto, where he waa re
leased on the understanding that he would
sail on the first vessel for the United
States. This Murrillo did, boarding the-
Alleifheny at Savanilla. He expressed
fears that he would be arrested at Carta
gena, and when the vessel arrived at that
port he refused to go ashore when word
was brought that the Governor wanted
to see him. His arrest followed. The
statement made by the passengers there
says that Captain Lowe of the Allegheny
protested against the arrest, saying it was
against International law, and at the same
time the captain told the mate to put the
German flag on the gangway so that th»
Colombian officers would have to tread on
U If they took Murrillo.
According 1 to the passengers on the Al
legheny the Colombian officers, notwith
standing the protest, seized the man and
dragged him from the vessel.
"I am under the protection of the Ger
man flag and you have no right to arrest
me."'
When the vessel arrived at Cartagena
she was ordered detained by the authori
ties there. The captain protested that he
was sailing under the German flag and
that no official of Colombia had a right
to stop the vessel for any purpose what
ever. The protest was unheeded, how
ever, and search was made for Murrillo,
who was found on deck. He declared that
he would not be arrested, and running to
one of the ship's masts he seized the Ger
man flag, which was lyingr there,, and
wrapped it about him. Then he * ! ?od for
ward and cried out:
NEW YORK, July ».-The Hamburg-
American line steamer Allegheny, which
arrived here to-day, reported that she
was held In the harbor of Savanilla. Co
lombia, for twelve hours. Passengers on
the Allegheny report that Abel Murrlllo
was arrested on the ship at Cartagena
and was taken ashore by the Colombian
authorities. Murrillo protested against his
arrest, claiming that he was entitled to
the protection of the German flag. Mur
rillo is said to be the secretary of Gen
eral Uribe.
Defiantly Seize Passenger
:> and Haul Him Off
the Vessel.
Colombians Take Pris
oner Off Steamer Fly
ing Kaiser's Flag.
LITTLE RESPECT
SHOWN GERMANY
THE SAN- FJRANClSfcJO CXX.1^ TUESDAY, JUL.Y ; 30, 1901.
11
OCEAN TRAVEIi.
ROOMS TO LET— Fiirn. nrul Unfnrn.
SEVENTH^ ¦ 17S— Sunny ' furnished front room;
-large closet and balcony, y,-. : ,v
SHERMAN ' Apartment House. 28 . Eighth at ,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
. SCOTT.' 112— Three unfurnished:" sunny rooms;
no children. : ¦ ¦ ¦ ... ' . -
STOCKTON, ' 332— Nice sunny clean' suites and
Eingle rms. ; run. water; baths; phone; cheap:
' i'EHAMA. ' 219^4— Nicely furnished sunny single
roo#n. t» P*r month.^ Call after -5 p. m. or
Sunday. * '
THE CECILENE, 920 Van Ness ave.— Bach-
elor's apartments: - elegantly furnished; all
¦ sunny rooms: references.. ¦:¦*<.'.#$
VAN NESS. 807— Elegant suites, newly fur-
nished, |30; also others; rooms first-class.
WELLINGTON. 75 3d— Nicely furnished rooms;
modern improvements; rooms. $1 50 week up.
( - ROOMS AND BOARD.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner, in,
r Oakland; unsurpassed family table, 25c per'
• meal; $4 per week: every, accommodation and
attention. 1103% Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland. ¦ '¦_ • . ¦ \
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission: warm belt;
new management: modern: sunny rooms; ta-
: , ble board; unexcelled. TeL Church 1181.
CALIFORNIA, 807— Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel exceptional table ;&ttractive rms.
HOTEL Repeller, 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;-
¦excellent table; special rates . to tourists.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
' niBhed sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds-
Van Ness ave., 712— Alcove & bay-window rms.;
i F.un all day; running water; choice table.
ROOM9 AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By a teacher, room and board in
the "Western Addition; west of Flllmore and
north of California; references exchanged.
Box 3703. Call office. '. :
. ... Special, notices. _
LADIES — Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
• are the best; safe, reliable; take no othef;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mail; at drug-~
gists! Chichester Chemical Co.; Philadel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10, tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SE \V KG- BIACHIKES • AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th 1 .
ALL kinds. bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 14S Sixth
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES,
PIERCE^RUDOLPH Storage and Moving" Co.,
, office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN "WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping- at cut rates.- *
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
TYPKWRITERS AND. SUPPLIES.
ORE^T^XKGA^NT^N^TY^P^W^TElRS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 535 California; telephone Main "CB.
KENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your- work in eight. CUTTEIt
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4SS5.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
- all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
V .^-. ¦^JPROPOSALS. ¦
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's supplies. De-
pot Quartermaster's office, .36 New Montgom-
ery st., San Francisco, Cal., July.3C, 1901—
Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday, August 10, 1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing black-
smiths' aprons, bellows, ! beeswax, j carbolln-
enm, cement, gasoline, glue, leather, neatsfoot
oil and chamois skins. Early deliveries are
essenttal. Preference will be given to arti-
cles of domestic production and mancfacture.
Conditions of price and quality beir.g equal
(including' in the price of foreign production
¦and manufacture the duty thereon)', and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
' lean production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the , right to ac-
cept or re.iect any or all proposals or any part
3 thereof. • Information: and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on -application.- Envelopes
containing proposals will be indorsed "Pro-
rosals No. 66»4," and addrepsedto Major OS-
CAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. A., De-
pot Quartermaster. .
, MARBIAGE LICEKTSES.
. The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . '....,. ...
Lucius A. Bunnell. 31, Prattvllle. and Jo-
sephine C. Flint. 23, 1020 Pierce street. ' ..
John Larson, 39, Redwood City, and Anna
Anderson, 38. San Jose.
Joseph R. Randle, 57, 1277 Mission street, and
Clara B. Coombs. 42, 119 Oak street.
Alfred Byrne. 27..141S Turk street, and Emily
Marplf, .27, Oakland.
Newton; W. Starkey, .34, city, and ,Blna
Brown. 33, city. '}. - ¦
Charles J. Franchi. 26, 9 Fair avenue, and
Bertha M. Gitchell, ¦ 18, 97 California avenue.
Thoma3 Harding, 65, San Jose, and Mary
Cmnpbell, 60, San Jose. ¦
Alvin D. Haines.-39, 317 Eddy street, and Ida
E. .Russell, 33," 317 Eddy street.
Sheffield S. • Sanborn, 28, Oakland, and Fran-
ces A. Baldwin. 23. city. . ¦
~BIHTHS—MABRMES— DEATHS.
BORN.
CARSTENS— In this city,' July 24, 1901, to the
wife of H. Caratens. a daughter. . j*
DRENNEft— In this city, July 23, 1901, to the
I wife of J. F*. Drenner, a son:
FURET— In this city, July 23, lpOl, to the wife
of Andrew C. Furey, a daughter. .
GOLDENBERG— In this city, July 21, 1901, to
the wife of G. C. Goldenberg (nee . Dobner),
a. son. • - • * •
JIACK— In Oakland, July 27, 1901, to lh« wife
of Oscar E. Mack, a daughter.
PETIT— In this city,' July 22. 1901, to the wife
of H. Petit, a son. . .
WOOD— In this city, July 29.- 1901, to the wife
of Edward L. Wood, a daughter. ¦
MARRIED.
BOWEN— SLATER— In this city, July 24, 1801.
by the Rev. Dr. Klncald, Edwin Norman
Bowen and Adelaide Augusta Slater.
ELMERS— BECKMANN— In "'this city, July 24,
¦¦1901. .by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Henry H.
. Elmers and Marjraretha Beckmann. .
BNGDAHL- PBffERSEN— In this city, July 28,
1001, by the R*v. O. Groensberg, Ernest O.
Engdahl and Bessie Petersen. .
ItRAMER— BAUER— In this city, July 27, 1901,
by tlie -Rev. • J. Fuendelinsr, LouIb Kramer
and Mra. Nanndren Bauer. . . •
LINN— SELIGMAN— In this city, July J8, 1901,
by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Nathan Linn j of
Santa Rosa and Lillie Seligman of San Fran-
tlsco. ;
RANDLE— COOMBS— In this city, July 29, 1901,
"by the Rev. Dr. John A. B, Wilson, • Joseph
R. Randle. and Clara Bella Coombs, both of
San^Franciaco. . ;" j
REICHELT— NETT— In this city, July 21, 1901,
by: the Rev. J. Fuendelingr, Alfred B. Relcn-
elt of Frescott,' Ariz., and Llna Nett of San
Francisco.
RUBINSTEIN— STEINMILLER-In this city,
July 28, 1901. by the Rev. A. B. J. Brown. Isaac
Rubinstein of . San Francisco and Rosabelle
Ruth Stelnmlller of ¦ Sacramento.
DIED.
Blakeley. Elizabeth ¦ . Higby. EDhralm B.
Chase.* Rebecca . . ' Joubert. Martin
Chrlstenson, Sophia " Kernan, James P,
Cills, Edward O. :' McGeorge, James G.
Cohen, Minna '¦ ¦' McLaughlin, Joseph
Cohn, Meyer • i O'Donnell, Joseph
Clute, Peter A. Snndin, Jennie
Crane, Albert E. . Schweneel, Christln
Davis, James . Sllva, Catherine I
De.Freville, Eugene Silvev. Mary A.
Dietrich.. Christian Spencer, George McL.
Dykes, Robert S"reckelsen. Anna M,
Ehret, Eusrenie ' ¦ Stecher, Edward ¦ T.
Farrell, William. B.- . Stevens, Georgina T.
Grimm, . Albert H. .Stevens. Henry M.
Hamblet, Alcey S. Walt, William W. '
Hayes, John F. ' Weller, John B. .
' Henry, Win. E. Jr. : Wishtman. Frank B.
BLAKELEY— In this city, July 28, 1901, Eliza-
beth, beloved daughter of James M. and the
• late Sarah Blakeley, and sister of Charles
F.. William • S., Andrew J., Robert, Albert
and : May 1 1 Blakeley, Mrs. Anna Fisher 1 and
the late Frank Blakeley, a native of Wllllts,
Mendocino County, f .CaL, g aged .20 years 10
•months and 12. days. * . ., ;
CHASE— In this- city, July 28, 1901. Rebecca
Chase. ¦ formerly. Rebecca Cay, -. a native of
Marysvllle,. Cal.. aged, 33 year*. . , .-• -,>
CHRISTENSON— In this city, July 29, 1901,
' Sophia" K.,v beloved wife . of- Captain Oliver
Chrlstenson, and mother, of Annie S., Edwin
A.,Gusta.v M. and; the i late Olof W. Chris-
tenson.' a .native of Denmark. - ¦¦-.* -. -»•;
(prFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2,o* clock, from her late resi-
dence. 792 Hayes street, between Webster and
. BuclMinan. - , Interment I. O. » O. ¦ F." Cemetery
CILLS— In this city, "July 28, 1901, Edward -O.,
son of the : late James H. Cills, : brother of
A. W. Cills , and • H. Cills and Mrs. Kate
-'White, and nephew, of Mrs." Delia Cummlngs,
,' a; native of San - Francisco, aued 33 years , 9
* montha and. 18 days. -. ¦ - . ., : :
ETTriends and aoquaintances are reapect-
O. R. & N. CO,
Only Staamabip Xiizmv 4o
"PORTLAND, Or., %
And Short Rail Lln« from Portland t» *!1
refnts East. Through tickets to all
point*, nil rat! <¦>!• Rtenmshlo and rail, a!
STEAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and JIEAL3.
SS. ;'COLUMBIA
Sails Auk. 1. 11. 21, 31. Sept 10,'20. 30
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Auk. 6. 16. 26. Sept. 5, 15. 25
D.W. HlTCHCOCK.OEN.Agt.,1 Montgm'y. 3.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
KBW T03K. SOUTHAMPTON. I05D05. PA1M.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York "Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul August 7|St- Paul.. ....August 88
St. Louis August 14 St. Lcuis... Sept. 4
Philadelphia-August 2! J Philadelphia ...Sent, lj
RED STAR LINE. .j;
New York and Antwerp.
From New York "Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Va'derland ..August TlFriesland ....August 2S
Kensington ..August 14 Southwark .....Sept 4
•Zealand August 21 1» Vaderland ..... Sept. 11
•Stop at Cherbourg:, ea^tbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF, OOR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe " (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received an board- on
day of sailing. "'¦:••;•
SS. AMERICA MARU... Saturday, Aug. 19, 19CH
SS. HONGKONG MARU...
¦ "Wednesday. September 4. 1901
fcS. NIPPON MARU. .Friday. September Vt. 1J01
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market itreet. corner First.
"W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
COHPAGNIE GENERALS TBAN3ATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ¦— ~
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of -dTJrfnHfc
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 4", ¦»«™h«»
Nortli River, foot of Morton street: La Gas-
cogne, August 8; •L'Aquttalne. August 15; -La
Normandle, August 22; La Bretagne, August 29.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
clans to Havre, {45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlnit),' New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, • 5 ' Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sqld by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. ; . "
oceanic s.s .10. ssssss
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, . Samoa, New
Zealand and Aus....Thurs.; Aug. 1, 15 a. a.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
........Tuesday. August 6,10 a. m.
5. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu
Saturday. August 10. 2 p. m.
i. 0. SP8E6KLS & BEOS. CO., Baneral Agents, 327 Barfet St
fien'l Passuigsr Offict, 643 Market St., Pisr Is. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VA PORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 Bl.
ACONCAGUA.. Aug. 6jGUATEMALA...Auff. 33
PERU ....Aug. l4|PAfcENA Sept. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servlc*.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street. ¦
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen." Agents.
PANAMA R. R, 8^
TO NEW YORK VIA' PANAMA DIRECT.
'. " Cabin, 1105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
6.' S.^ Argyll sails - Mon Hy. . Auft. 12
6. S. Lcelanaw koJIi Monday, Aug. 26
S. S. Arftvll • sni » Tuesday, Sept. 24
• ¦ ¦' , From Steuart street at 2 p. m . •
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.'
,F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
. . - . . . ' ' —
BAT ANTJ EIVEB STEA1CEB3..
FOR:U. S. NAVY YARD pvVALLER
; Steamers GEN. FRISBIB or'MONTICELLO
' f :45 a. m.. 1:15 and 8:30 p. m ., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 1:30 p. m.- LeaTta
Vallejo * 7 ' a. m.. 12:S0 noon. < ( o."ni., J exctpt
Sunday. - Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* U
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing- and of-
fice, pier Z. MisaioD-su dock. HATCH BROS.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
• (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) "J .
i DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. , i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBSS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
~ ' . Telephone South SO.
IV Eugene McGinn. .McGINN BROS.
' Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
.. ' 31 < KDDY STREET. •
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection .Wlth_^nx_Other_Hguse.__
aREMATianf.
The Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association,
¦: ; Point Lobos ave., •>. F., Cal.. ,^
. The ordinance ' prohibiting - burials in San
Francisco after the first day : of August. 1901.
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing lees harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead.
Permits to < cremate will be Issued . by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore. ..-'.-
\ GEORGE R: FLETCHER, Manager.
SAj.1 FRANCISCO, Cal.— Notice Is hereby given
t -at CHARLES H. JACOB of ' the firm of
-. CHARLES H. JACOB & CO. \- funeral direc-
. tors - and ; embalmers, - 318 Mason ¦ street. ¦ has,"
- by I order of court, j had hia name : changed . to
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN, by , reason of
rvhieh the ¦ name of/ his -.firm 'becomes
CHARLES H. - J. TRUMAN '&. CO. .Under
.this name he continues to do business at the
same place. Telephone Mala 5313.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
p> Steamers leave Broadway
|Bfc Wharf, San Francisco:
fSSfckit. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
BSSffliL July 1S - 20 > 2S > 30 - A ugu?t 4.
' SPjwfESmBfc Change to company's Eteatn-
E|grfeS2\2£a ers at Seattle.
E$$*>3s4 'fiRl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
BBflU'lffWi C.). Port Townstnd, Seattle.
r'^^^MBsSSgM Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
V- and New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m., July 15. ' 20. 25. *),
Aug. 4, and every fifth day thereafter. Chanss
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 11. 16, 21, 28. 31, Aug. 5, and every fifth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State > of California, Wednesdays, 9
a. m. * ' ' _
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crua.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Harfor«
(San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and *Nevrport (»Corona only)— Steamer
Corona, Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta.
Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Mairdalena Bay; Ran Jo?« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. Tth «ach
For further Information obtain compasr's
folders. -. . . ¦
The comoany reserves the right to cnang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without 'previous notice.
I TICKET OFPICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALI* PERKTNS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
SlO\rV TO LOAX — Contlnqpd.
IN'T AMOCNT AT 6 PER CENT
¦ y^t, second and third mortgages ~;
'."lid vided interest in real estate In probate*
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay..!!
,'; t .[ tax terms before doing business elsewhere
R. llcCOLGAN :
'.' Il Montgomery 6t.. room 3 '.'...'.
T^jfOXBY to lean at rates which people can
* efl'.ird to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with Etrangrers
-nd you will be better satisfied; no delay no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. S06 Market Et. '
"iXY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
' >-r-oond mortrages. estates in probate, interest
ia estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
jr.tercsts; corporation loans. If 16. 1st floor
rhrcnicle HALLORAN & OLSEn!
KJi-HLY respectable, private place to obtain
jr^eral advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
; : t-,1. Main 1C41. Branch 19 Third st.
KS.0M IX trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
coupjt: see me before going elsewhere
Ht ftPER. 387 Parrott building. elSewhere -
LCWKST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
iinl. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
qnfefc; lowest interest: eary terms; no broker-
hgp; reliable party. U70 Market ft. room 63.
highcrt price for old gold, silver, diamonds!
£2 1 ' 88^ no ln<lorse r required. S.
. 1 ¦ DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building!
LOANS r-.oney on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
!lan. "Kestem Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
*!'"0.000 TO lgan on real estate or for building-
l"w rate. ?2? Pansome st.. room 2.
F5? rA^r y w C .? m " any: loans an<1 discounts.
j.I I -uron building.
CAEH .oancd to salaried poople on note without
in* rser. MfiRRELU 80S Examiner building.
M * SICAL. I.NSTULMK.NTS.
a question ~ 7.7.7." . . ~.7T!7?!7!?! "~
V*hy la it our competitors" fiRht and'say
more ajrainst the Ludwig piano than any
other make? Because they know that there
ss more real value in the "Ludwig- than
any other inaro. It «s the bert piano for the
money in the market. They know it. We
know it and you will know it when you see
and heat it. •
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. Sole Agents..
Sj3 Market ft.. S. F.; 9J1 Broadway. Oakland.
AMOST remarkable pale of pianos at reduced
prices will close Auirust 1 at our .store. 769
Market FJ.: parties who have not been able to
clecitie have r.cw only three days In whlcJi to
Jo so; we Fhail have an extra force of sales-
men to wait upon customers, so that none
may go away disappointed: remember, that
all our piantis ere offered at 28 per cent and
30 per tent discount from the regular prices.
THE ZEXO MAL'VAIS MUSIC CO.
ALL piano? purchased of SHERMAN. CLAT
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
C. years from date of purchase, and have full
Trice allowed. New upright pianos. $S per
¦Month: tome good pianos eold for tZ, $4 and
55 per month. SHERMAN, CLAT & CO..
Steinway dealers, comer Kearny and Sutter
i-ts.. San Trancisoo: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth rt.. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any, time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Kr.abe at regular
Trice; costs you enly 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLEfi & CHASE. SO OTarrell
St.: establV*ied 1S50.
ANT mp.ke at lowest prie^. Agency famous
Ha!let-I?avis=. Bargain list ISO up: uprights ;
Mahogany Fischer. C3S; Stelnway, ?1SS;
Chickeriryr, J163; 20 others: rents J2 up; great
inducement to ajrents.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 517 Geary st.
A SURPRISE awaits all who are interested in
the piaro: the Cecillan Is the lat-
est and best: you are invited to our daily
concerts. BTRON MAUZY. 5C8 Post Et..
Vnion square, sole afents Sohmer & Co..
Byrcr. Mauzy, Gabler, Lester, Hamilton" and
Spieisnan pianos.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
Fon. 1 Mallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. ?T5. J125. $145. etc: easy payments.
BENJ CVP.TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell *t..
Chickerins. Vcse. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ANY make at lowest prices. Agency famous
Hallet-Pavis. Bargain list $30 "up; uprights: '
Mahogany Fischer. S35: Steinwmv, J1S5; i
Chlck*rityr. $165: tf< oth*rs: rents $• ur». i
HEINE PIANO CO.. S17 Geary et. |
JAS. KEEFFE'S piano warerooms now perma- !
nently located at "2 Turk st.. near Junction
Mason. Market ar.d Turk: lanrest In city.
ANOTHER cleaning -out sale of Etoraire pianos
at your own price; 16 Installments: no reserve.
"WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 170« Market st.
fl^O BUYS elegant modern upright; or rent for
T? SO month. 34J! Kearny «. |
STF.IXWAY. S200: Hartman. $100; elegant ppw I
pianos. tl*3 up. \Y. C. Hamilton, g Flood Mdg.
BARGAIX— Fine S-pedal upright: also standard
square: pianog guaranteed. Call 18 Bartlett.
FINE S-r>e&al upright piano; must t*» sacrificed '
before Thursday; leaving city. 518 Eddy Et.
ETEINVj'AY. Chlckering. other uprights to clo-51
estate. Pierce's Piano Factory. Market & 14th.
J2 50 RENTS a fine uprleht piano: a few left.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes st.
GOOD seoond-hand upright for sale cheap.
ECHJim. 16 McAllister st.
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights. $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRX.'ENN. !08 Post st.
A LARGE lot of unritrht nianos
for eale cheap. HORNTXG'S. 116 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Allister Et,
ST'PERIOR violins, zithers, nld and new. H.
MT'LLTvTt r"?k»r. ronjilrw. 2 L»th»Tn place.
OFFICES A3TD STORES TO LET.
CORNER store: living rooms; fitted up for
proeery and bar: chean to business man.
HOOKFB » T.KNT. 14 Pnst.
OIL.
FOR Kale — A lease on proven territory adjoin-
ing the Pan Joaouin Co. 474 Parrott bldK.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all
F<jy» : rhwn. M «3 WHTTP MS Ml««ti- «t
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LA1IB. scientific palmist; head and face
rea<3inr: lessons given. 617 Jones st.
MME. CERMAIXE, the business palmist of
the Tacific Coast; 1 to 5. 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmint. 5U
Taylor Ft., bet. Geary and Pest: tel.Ulack B61.
FERSOXALS.
WANTED— Experienced manager for special
branch of our business extending: over Coast
and Hawaiian Inlands. If mutually agreeable
party may purchase one-half Interest of this
branch. State experience, ability, age, etc.
A. B- Hot :t:6 Call office.
OITR new book free, sealed, fully illustrated,
treats all conditions of men. how to attain
"Perfect Manhood;" Fhould be in the hands
of every male adult. Address ERIK
MEDICAL CO.. "Book Dept.." Buffalo. N. Y.
A— IF your hair is fa Miner or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS' Geary Et.. and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively Guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
f3" 50 — SOLID oak bedroom net: plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price. •
$2— Enampl beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTHIC litfht In every room — Winchester
Hotel. *t Third rt. near Market: 700 rooms;
I5c to SI CO per nleht; II 60 to $6 per week;
freg 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SI WEEKLY — Suits' to order from genuine
Scotch ?13 up; fine drees suits. $20 up; ele-
irant overcoats, $13 up. LEON LEMOS. m.7
Market Et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WILL JAMES nEATTI. late of New York,
please rail on L. KAUFMANN. room 24. 222
Par.Fome *t. ? It will be to your Advantage.
CHAHLES HENRY STRETTON-Forward me
tyour address; very important. J. HILLARD,
26 Ritoh sf. # S. F. •
KODAK developing t>y expert*: up to 4x5 only
25c roll; mail orders a specialty. Rembrandt
Studio, S50 Market. «or. Stockton; upstairs.
WHITE cr.sitnf] Iron -bed*, single, three-quarter
or double. «2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1Z1O-1Z12 Stockton *t.. near Broadway.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggiats.
PRIVATE detective work; reanonable rates; 10
years' experience, J. B. RAT, 836 Mission et.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
flectrlc needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOH made suits. J7 CO: dress pant*. « 50.
Mlyfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Pupont.
OLD pold. silver, diamonds and precious etones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market et^
MAKQITERATJE costume*, play book*. - wijrs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN &' CO.. 733 Mkt.
£>R- LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 2>: all druggists. ¦
PILES. ~
NEARLY 1009 permanent cures here tn your
midst; many who have Buffered 20 to 30 years;
over EO names of prominent business men
»«nt as reference; no chloroform, eursery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address PnyelcUr. box 1350 Call
effice. S. F., CaL '. >
A.\D SUUGEOXS.
D ic"?i C m ?ji O'DONNELL-Ofnce and residence.
1CZ1 Market tl. between Sixth and Seventh.
D "- ,} VOJ *Q HIM, herb doctor, successfully
iltfi^. i , dlseases of -the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A;: «?iL Ti', ONG W °O. herb doctor: sanitarium.
__.t4-.66 "lay ft.; tee testimonials at office.
CITY— -FOR SALE.
CHEAP HOMES.
New Sunny Houses.
$500 Cash, Balance Monthly.
Only 20 minutes' ride from New City Hall.
Cottage. 5 rooms and bath $2250
_ I . Lot 63 ft. front.
Cottage. 5 rooms and bath $2500
TT Corner lot, 65x€0.
House. S rooms and bath $2000
Corner lot. 40xS5.
Choice location. Market-st. extension, be-
tween ISth and 19th Bts.
Particulars HOOKER & LENT.
. 14 Post St. ..
$500 CASH. $.V!0 cash— Absolutely $500 cash is all
a *-room. bay-window, new cottage and two
lots will cost you; all the latest and most
modern plumbing; wooden mantel, tiling,,
high plastered basement; five minutes from
Twenfy- ninth and Mission sts. ; the balance
of $1500 can be paid oft* at $16 monthly; less
| than rent. You never again -will get such a.
chance for a home. P. A. DOLAN'S Central
Real Estate Offle. 1607 Market St.. opp. Frank-
lin; open Sundays. ¦-.;¦¦>
SIX. seven and eight rooms cottages; also two
. flat houses tn block between 17th. ISth. Castro-
and Noe EtB.; % cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: Castro or Guerrerorft. cars. F. NEL-
SON. builder. . .¦>
BAY-WINDOW cottage. 6 lots; $1300 ca*h
or terms. W. MILLERICK. 527 Gates St.. off
Cortland ave.
FOR sale — Rincon.Hill cottage of 7 rooms; lot
25xS5: no reasonable offer refused. Box 3725.
Call office.
j $1900- LOT with 2 cottages; perfect title; '553
] Seventh st. Apply 60 Clipper, near 26th.
HRA1. KSTATR--C()UXTItY--Fnr Snle
A "SNAP"— Only $1400 for this nicely improved
& fully equipped lovely home & money-mak-
ing 80-acre foothill ranch; only 6 miles by fine
I level county road from Napa; near 8 acres
I .very richest of level black loam under cultlva-
I ,tion; 100 bearing fruit trees (including 3 very
j large & prolific orange trees); good 3-room
residence; barn, sheds, several poultry houses:
rock cellar; water piped from sprinpr; Includes
horse, cow. poultry, wagon, Incubator," all
farm & carpenter tools, etc.; everything goes;'
1CC9 cords of wood In pasture.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—^
Small tracts. J60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
j Pan Francisco Is growing rapidly: location
! best for poultry and general farming. Applv
! to Th» Cotati Co.. 362 California ft., for para-
i phlets or information..
I FOR sale — An Ideal place for chicken ranch of
! seven acres, close to town: everything n«w
I and -mplete: nice home: beautiful location:
i personal reasons for selling; will go for two-
| thirds actual value: only part cash required.
! Fcr full particulars write to F. WATRY. Bo-
noma. CM.
! FOR sale— A beautiful home in town with good
; Income; healthy climate: price $4000: offers
| wanted. Apply to MRS. L. JACOBSEN,
J Livermore. Cal.
; HOTEL and bar; easy payments or trade; 51
j- rooms; large rrounds; near large factory and
depot: near Pan Francisco: real estate and
I furniture. $3750. KING'S. 4S7 9th st.. Oakland.
i POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
] free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petalnma. Cal.
FOR sale— Choice lots in Millbrae. near school-
j house. Terms of MARK LANE. C34 Market st.
I LARGE and small houses, for sale, lease or
j exchange: building lots and land by acre. J";
* TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA liEAL ESTATE.
JSOC— LOT 45x150; «-rccm house; one block
j from Park et. : easy terms.
$15C0 — Lot 33:4x125; house of 5 rooms and
bath: on Central ave.; will sell on monthly
installment.
.J1S00— Loj 30x150; nearly new modern cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; $250 cash and $20
per month.
$:ieo— Lot 58x140; with 2-story house of 6
rooms and bath; $c00 down and balance to
suit: 2 blocks from Park-street station.
$2500— Lot 33:4x150. with a fine, well-built
modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath ; 1 block
: from school and station; will sell on easy .
monthly installments. !
Ji'OCO— Lot 40x150; elegant new modern cot-
tape of 6 room? and bath: elegant front and
rear porch: $500 down and $25 per month;
great bargain: near Morton-st. station.
J5."C0 — Lot 40x150; new modern story apd
: half cottage of S rooms and bath, with Tine
I finished basement; $500 down and $27 50 per
month installment; I blocks from station and
Echocl.
$C0OO— Lot 50x207%: on Main ave.. near school
and station, with elegant 10-room residence,
stable and carriage house; cost Sll.COO; a
great snap.
Houses to let In al! parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1422 Park street. Alameda.
HAYWARDS ADVERTISEMENTS
H.4YWARDS REAL ESTATE.
5 ACRES. 3 acres of which Is the finest richest
sediment soil, adapted to raising vegetables
' and berries; 4 acres in fruit, full bearing;
fine 5-room light basement cottage, complete-
ly sewered, bath, pantry, toilet, stationary
washstand, hot and cold water, wash tubs in
basement, cement foundation, veranda front,
one side and rear, bevel French plate glass
windows in front, cement sidewalk round the
house, and front; lawns; fine well, windmill
and tank: tankbouse: barn: chicken houses;
brooder, houses; water piped to house, barn,
chicken houses; a positive sacrifice; improve-
ments worth the money asked: cost $7500- to
make quick sale. $4500. P. WILBERT, Hay-
wards. Cal.
2 ACRES, with 3-room house, barn, 4 chicken
houses,' well. SO chickens, buggy,- new spring
wagon, new harness, household furniture. 25
fruit trees; three-quarters oV a mile from
town: main road; only $1400. P. WILBERT,
Haywards. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$3500 PROPERTY— Our price $2400; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 4flxl20; No. 1 neighborhood; near
cars, schools and business centers; street
work all complete; $500 cash; balance bank
mortgage: owner non-resident and must sell;
first come first served. !
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
¦-.'—- 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$11,000— FINE flats; cost $16,000; only 5 blocks
from business centers and fronting on public
square; now paylm? 10 per cent; they are new
and up-to-date and always occupied; owner
must sell.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
. » ¦ 1002 Broadway. Oakland. .Cal. .
$3700— ACTUAL cash value $5000; 62 feet front-
age; 9 rooms and bath; barn; splendid water
supply on premises; an ideal home; near busi-
r.ess centers: mortgage $2700, which can re-
main at the bank; must be sold this week; no
reasonable offer refused.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$3250— THE handsomest new house ever ¦ con-
structed for sale In this city; space too expen-
si\-e to extoll all of Its charming qualities as
to location, construction, etc.; any one wish-
Ing to buy a home on easy terms can get a
bargain; It Is only necessary to see the prop-
erty to be convinced of Its charming quali-
ties and the low price asked for the property.
The owner will make very easy terms to the
¦ buyer who means business.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$175 CASH. t& monthly: % acre, more or less,
with a rustic cottage of 3 rooms; chtcken-
house shed, etc. ; nice assortment of full-bear-
ing fruit trees; fine living spring; city water
In house; 6-foot picket fence, trees and shrub-
bery; fine soil; no fogs or raw winds; nicely
sheltered: Just the spot for chicken-raising;
price $900 in all; two blocks from electric car
line; 9 minutes' walk to local train, S. F. ;
| near 2 fine school-houses and 2 churches; ad-
joining East Oakland. Call orx-nd for circu-
lar. 455 Feventh et..* opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free.'
HENRY Z. JONES, Owner. '
$2500— $100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand new
home of 6 fine large sunny ¦ rooms, with por-
celain hath and sink; elevated lot; 40x150 feet
<note the 6lze); near Grove st. ; street work
all dene; a pretty, cozy home at a sacrifice.
VTx ; ;; GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
' - Broadway. Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price ¦ for
, Bale or rent. Apply to W. E.- BARNARD,
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10.
HOCSE3 of every description and ' price for
Bale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10.
OAKLAXn > HTMJSBS TO. LET.
.10 ROOMS near Lake Merritt: furnished or un-
furnished; modern; reasonable.^ THE Mc-
CARTHY CO., 640 Market st, San Francisco.
OAKLAND KUKMTlltlj; KOll SALE."
AN Introduction to you from H. .Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland,
BEKKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE, f,
BARGAIN — 5-room. high . basement, modern
cottasre, near ear line and station; barn and
chicken house*; large lot; fenced and cross-
fenced; gocd location; price JH50; 1150 own,
balance $12 50 monthly. .Why pay rent, when
you , can own your - own" place by payments
same as rent; take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorin station. HOME REALTY CO., former-
ly, Rudolph, Perkins & Lyon. . . ¦ ¦ . .' '
$750 will buy 3-room cottage with high base*
. ment and brick foundation, city water, - etc. ;
lot 45x100; all fenced: convenient to station,
electric cars, school, church and stores; only
$1CO cash, balance $10 per month; bank loaned
I $700 on this property; this is a genuine snap;
take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin' station.
HOME REALTY CO., formerly Rudolph, Per-
kins & Lyon. ' ¦ ,,
COME and Felect one of our choice lots, cen-
trally located and good neighborhood; prices
range from. $350 up; choose your lot. and we
will build for you, according to your own
plans, and arrange payments same : as rent:
take Berkeley train, get oft at Lorin station;
open Sunday?. HOME REALTY CO., former-
ly Rudolph. Perklna & Lyon. ' - >
FOR sale — In Berkeley, near university.' 6 new
modern houses; email payment down, balance
fame as rent; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
trees on every lot; house ready to move Into;
water connected; push buttons and electric
¦ fixtures: shades, mantels, bookcases and side-
board; 6. 7 and S rooms; from $2600 up; grand
marine view; cement walks; porcelain tubs;
2 closets and fences. M. L. WURTS, i
Seventeenth st. and Broadway. Oakland.
NO. 202— $3100; New 7-room Colonial house; 2
blocks from locaL • ;
No. 206— $6300; 12-room house; finely, located
lot 60x159. • .
No. 108 — $3500; 9 r room house;, south front:
• lot 50x130; owner out of town; property must
be sold; an offer wanted. . "
No. 194— $7750; 10-rooms; south front; large
lot; on Bancroft way. -
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
' Real Estate and Insurance,
Opposite First National Bank.
NEW 7-room S-stcry house, porcelain bath,
mantel, tiled sink, gaa and electric ltehts:
all modern and up to date: lot 50x100; 2 blocks
, from station and one-half block to electric
cars; price $2000: $300 cash: balance monthly.
J. R./PERKINS. Lorin station. Berkeley.
TWO new 5-room cottages, . brick foundations;
all modern plumbing; lot 40x120; 8 minutes'
walk from station and 3 minutes' from elec-
tric car line; price, $15C0: $100 down and bal-
ance on easy terms. JNO. R. PERKINS,
real estate. Lorin sta.. Berkeley. Cal."
NEW 8-room house; brick foundation; all mod-
ern plumbing; lot 40x100; 8 minutes' walk
from station and 5 minutes' from electric car
line; price $2400; $100 down, balance on easy
terms. JNO. R." PERKINS, real estate,
Lorln sta., Berkeley. •.
OKLY $2750— New 7-room houses, complete In<
every particular, containing- window shade
combination fixtures, and the Sunlight water
heater, enabling you to get hot water at any
time during the day, or night without fire;
on tha sunny side of the street and near thi
cars. Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON, Real
Estata. Berkeley station. ¦ •
$500— BARGAIN in a sightly lot in the Scenic
Park: two blocks from university; a snap.
flOSO— Good building site on Hilgard ave.. In
Scenic Park Tract, near Coos and College.'
<3750— New modern home of 7 rooms; lot 50x
32i: street work all done; near university. .
$S0»— Neat cottage of 4 rooms; fruit trees"
and flowers.
ROfr— Building sites at bargain prices.
MAY i- MORTIMER, \
2123 Center St.. West Berkeley.
ROOMS FOR" HOUSEKEEPING^
BROAXJWAY, 410-41J— The most elegantly fur-
nished sunnr rms. In locality; single & hkpg;
rents reasonable; first-class attention. '
CALIFORNIA. 3031—3 sunny rooms furnished
: for light housekeeping; no children.
EDDY. 933— 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
conveniences; private residence; no children. Z>\
EDDY, 939 — Unfurnished handsome double par-
lors, hall room, kitchen; no children.
ELLIE. 1127 — S nicely furnished sunny rooms;
complete for housekeeping.
ESSEX, 12 (Rine-on Hill)— Large sunny house-
keeping rooms; also single room;, cheap.- ..
FIFTH. 264 — Two clean front connecting irooms,
with carpet, curtains, folding bed, gas stove,
rent, for couple, $1?.
GOLDEN GATE av«.,'4O9— 4 room* on parlor;
complete; also large alcove and kitchen.
I HARRISON. 731— Two rooms furnished com-'
plete for housekeeping; bath; rent $1G.
Leavenworth. 720, nr. Sutter — New-& elegantly
furn. rooms; conveniences for housekeeping.
.MCALLISTER. 2000. cor; Central ave.— 2 sunny
rms., furnished for housekeeping; Pink; .$10.
MISSION, W27B— Housekeeping rooms to let,
with bath. "
NEW MONTGOMERY, 106— $6 per month, sun-
; ny furnished housekeeping rooms to let.
, NOE. 153 — 3 furnished rooms; modern: corner
lower flat; large kitchen, sink, trays, bath,
yard, $16. '
OAK, 119— Sunny basement room, furnlshod for
housekeeping; yard; etove;$t
OAK. 119— Large sunny pariors, furnished,
housekeeping; yard;, f If; oth«r single rooms;
reasonable. .
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary — Sunny bay-window
partly furnished parlor; kitchen; gas; $12..
O'FARRELL, 1811-1 furnished "and t unfur-
nlshed rooms for housekeeping.
POLK. 1002 — 3 and 5 room sultee, completely
furnished for housekeeping, $15 upi reference.
POWELL. 1401—2 or 3 larg» connecting hkpg.
rooms; gas; bath; also single; reasonable.
2D. 212 — Furnished Housekeeping rail. & others;
clean & respectable; no cblldroti; reasonable.
STEVEXSOX. 64?, bet. 7tM & Jth— Furnished
.rms. with stove; runnifig water; bath ;central.
WALLER. £10— Unfurnished for housekeeping,
beautiful suite oC sunny &ar{ors; tavatDry.
hot and cold water, bath, gas, $rat« and
grand vl«w; also sunny bedroom.
ROOMS . TO LET-r-Focn. nail Vnt dlt».
"AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant »ve.— Best tl a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, SOc up; meals. 25c; fr«* coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, US Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 28 to $5 pep week, and
light housekeeping rooms; -open all night.
AT fehasta House. 34C Third— 209 roams, nawly
renovated; 25c to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason et-lQO newly,
furnished & renovated rms., 50c up; elevator;
electric lights in »very room; raturn call belU;
first-class; central; quiet; gentlemen only,
BRADY. 39. off Market— 1 or % sunny rooms,
furn. or unfurn.; reasonable; private family.
BURNETT. 1428 -Market (old Ho. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. sultgg, single; a.ao wnfurnlshed.
BUSH, 1043— Newly -furnished rooms; all mod-
ern Improvement*; gantlemen only; r«('ncea.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Masoa— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DIAMOND, 40— A lovely sunny fjront room; well
furnished; suitable for two. * '
EDDY. 106— Nicely furnished suany sultts; also
eingle rooms; reasonable.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnteljed
suites and single; travelers aecommodatad.
GEARY, 1237. corner Gough — Two rooms fur-
. nished, suitable for light housekeeping.
GRANT ave., 29— Has changed hands'; nicely
furnished sunny suites; also single rooms;
day. week, month.".
HAIGHT, 630 — Nicely furnished sunny room
with or without board, for 1 or. 2 gentlemen. ¦
HARRISON. 770, bet. Third and Fourth-Nice
sunny front room. 1 or 2 gentlemen: rent reas.
HAWTHORNE,' 172, near Harrison— Pleasant
¦ medium-sized room for gent; reasonable; ref.
JIOTEL ST. DENIfc (European plan), 24 Turk
18 St., near Market— Central location; new bulld-
• ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-clajs;
SOc per. day -and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post — Offices or sunny
. furnished rooms; en suite or single. ' .- . ¦
JULIAN ave.. 35—2 suShy furnished rooms in
private family; block from 14th & Mtsgion.
LARKIN. 804— Large ' sunny rooms; $6 and $7-
small room. $4; suitable for gents. .'
LEAVENWORTH, 1521— Two large rooms; not
and cold water; large yard. •
MARKET, "1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely, fur-
• nished rooms,: $2 a week up; 35c a day up. .
MARKET, 1035— Front suite; suitable for me-
dlum or magnetlo healer.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private: bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly . furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week ; transient. ;
NEAT furnished front room with gas, shot and
cold, water: large clOBet; grate; suitable for
" two. 513 McAllister, et. . . .
NEWLY and elegantly furnished rooms in
gore building, cor. Market and .Van Ne.»k
ave.; gentlemen preferred; references. '.¦' :.
O'FARRELL/ 20— Sunny ' furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day,- week, .'mo:
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent I light;
reading-room,- smoking-room and ladles', par-
lor; rooms, per night. Sac to $1 50; Week, JJ to
$8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms 7.1'.# hot and cold water; baths. . . .
fully invited to attend the funeral a to-day
(Tuefday),. at-2 o'clock, from the parlors of
¦ Valente, Marini '& Co.,- 1524 Stockton ¦ street."
Interment ' Mount Calvary Cemetery. -- :¦¦
COHEN— In this city, July 28. * 1981, 1 Minna
. Cohen, beloved 1 wife of Wolf Cohen, and
mother- of Jennie, Heiman. 1 Hlrsch and Na-
-,than Cohen, and niece of Mrs. Solomon Bern-
stein ' and . Samuel ; Polack, a native j of PrusV
¦ia, aged 45 years.,. ,"
(ETTrlends pnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
{Tuesday),. at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
dance. 1812 . Webster street, ; thence to Salem
Cemcteyy «by. carriages. ' . • .
COHN— In this city, July- 29, 1901, Meyer, be-
loved husband of Mary Cohn, and father of
' Harry, Abe, Nettia, Belle, Theresa and Wil-
liam Cohn and Mrs. N. J. Tobias, a native of
Kakel, . Germany, aged 77 years. (Grass Val-
ley papers please copy.) '.-- . ¦ . • "
CTTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
. day), at 10 o'clock, at ¦ the residence, ' 1919
. Ellis street. Interment Hills of ' Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from , Third
.. and Townsend streets. . .
CLUTE— In this city, July 28, 1901, Peter A.
Clute of Volcano, Cal., beloved husband of
Clara Clute, and father of Ella, Edbert, John
and Cora Clute. a native of New York, aged
64 years 11 months and 26 days.. »•¦
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
§ Temple, corner Pest and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Doric Lodge No. 216,
¦ ' F. - and A: M. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, -.by 3;30 o'clock train from Third
and ¦ Townsend streets. : . -
CRANE— In Decoto, Alameda County, Cal.,
July 27. 1901. Albert E.- Crane, father of
Harry. H. and Carlton C. Crane, and grand-
father of Helen L. and Carlton C. Crane Jr.,
a native 1 of Herkimer County, -New Tork,
aged 74 years and 9 months. -
Cy Friends and acquaintances 1 are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), .at 1:30 o'clock, at the
residence of his soik Carltan C. Crane.
Friends I from San Francisco will take 9
o'clock, boat, broadgauge. Closlns services
at the mortuary chapel of the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery in San Francisco at 5:30 o'clock.
DAVIS— In Thermalito. July 28, 1901. James
Davis, a native of New Jersey, aged 75 years.
DE FREVILLE— In this city. July 29, 1901,
, Eugene, relict of Bridget de Fre^vlile, a na-
f tive of France.* aged 82 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
v fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1831 Fifteenth street, . thence - to
Mission Dolore* Church, where , a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his.
¦ soul at S o'clock. Interment Holy Cross'
Cemetery.
DIETRICH— In Oakland. July 29, 1901, ¦ Chris-
tian Dietrich, a native of Germany, aged 71
\years 8 months and 26 days..- -.. -
DYKES-^-Ib this city, July 27. 1901. Robert,
beloved son of Frances, and the late Robert
Dykes, and brother of George, Mary, Charley
and the late Frances Dykes, a native of San
FrancUco. aged 23 years. : .
(C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2409 Clay street, thence to St. Doml-
- nick's Church, where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
EHRET— In Sonoma, Cal., 'July 29, 1901, Eu-
genie Ehret (nee Fichter), beloved sister of
Louis Fichter, and sister-in-law of Lucle
Fichter, a > native of California. ¦ -
ETNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgom-
ery avenue.
FARRELL— In this city, July 29, 1901, Wil-
liam B., beloved father of Harry E., Farrell,
Mrs. G. E. Grant Jr. and Mrs. W. A. Mit-
• chem, a native of Lexington, Ky., aged 69.
years. (Carson City., Nev,, papers please
copy.) >.—"¦¦ \ -
IC?"FrIends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-itnorrow (Wednesday), it
2 o'clock, from his, late residence. 2000 Sutter
. street. Interment private. ' , x
GRIMM— In Napa, July 27, 1901, Albert H.,
youngest and dearly beloved son of Henry
and Lizzie Grimm, and beloved brother of
Charles, Lewis, George, Harry, Fred and
. John Grimm, a j native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 9 months' and. 4 days.
HAMBLET— In Dracut, Mass., May 3,. 190L
Alcey Stevens Hamblet. sister of Benjamin
Franklin, Joseph and -Edward Addlson Stev-
ens, - Mrs. Myra Barney. Mrs. Joan Orr and
Mrs. Abble E. Bolles and the late Mrs. Jane
Smith and Orrin, Charles Otis, William Kitt-
rlclge . and Henry Martin Stevens, aged 79
yeara.
HAYES— In this city, July 29,. 1901, John F.
Hayes, beloved father of Mrs. John O'Brien
of Mare Island, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years 10 months . and 19 days.
.HENRY— In this elty, July 28, 1901, William
Emll Jr.; dearly beloved and only child of-
William Emll and Maud G. Henry, a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 7 months.
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),- at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1021 Polk street, corner Post. In-
terment private.
HIGBY— In this city,' July 28, 1901. Ephraim
B. Higby. beloved father of F. A. Higby, a
native of New York, aged 74 years.
E7"Frlends end acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen. 228 McAllister street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.:
JOUBERT— In this city, July 2$, 1901, Martin,
beloved husband of Augustine Joubert, and
brother of Victoire Joubert and Marie Lepan,
and son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. August
Legay, and brother-in-law of Mr. ana Mm.
Auguste Jr. and Paul and Eugenie Legay,
and uncle of Mr. and Mrs. Pierre AHemand
and Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Cscalle, a native
¦ of France,' aged 43 years 2 months and 13
. days.
¦ t '„ ¦b-? 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
S fully invited to attend the funeral to*mor,row
(Wednesday), ¦ at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 5 Bond street, off Mission, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth streets, thence to
French Church of Notre Dame des Victoires,
where services will be held, thence to
Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street, where serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of Perse-
verence Grove No. 10, A. O. U. D., at 2
o'clock.
KERNAN— In this city, July 27, 1901. James
P., beloved husband of. Elizabeth Kernan,
and father of James, Mamie, Nellie and Liz-
zie Kernan, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, ased 53 years. - •
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
"the. United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGEORGE— In this city, July 27, •1901, James
Glendenning McGeorsa, beloved husband of
Isabella McGeorge, and father of James H.
and Alexander McGeorge, a native of Scot-
j land, asred 49 . years 7 months and 5 days.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at '1:30 o'clock, fnyn B'nai B'rith
¦ Hall, 121 Eddy streets, under the auspices of
! Pacific Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M. Inter-
: ment Masonic Cemetery. Please omit flow- j
¦ » ers.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, July 29, 1901, Jo-
seph McLaughlin; a native of Ireland, aged
59 years. ''
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery."
O'DONNELL— In Napa, -Cal., July 28, 1901.
Joseph, beloved son of the late Catherine and
Cornelius. O'Donnell, a native of San Jose,
Cal.; aged 24 years. , .
CTFriends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from tha par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will- be celebrated for the
repose, of his soul, commencing, at 9 o'clock.
Interment at Santa Clara, by 10:40 o'clock
train from Thlrd-and Townsend streets.
SANDIN— In the City a,nd County j Hospital,
July 29,« 1901, Jennie Sandln, a native of
California^ ared • 39 years.
SCHWENGEL— In . • this .city,- July 29. 1901,'
" ChrlBtln, beloved husband of the late Mamie
Schwensel. and father of William and Tes-
sle Schwengel, a native of Germany, aged
'46 years. - ". . .
icy Friends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully-Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, , by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and;
Townsend streets. \ . - - . .
SILVA— In this city, July 28, 1901.' Catherine,
beloved wife of Samuel Silva, ana mother oj
• Lizzie Sllva, and sister of Patrick Grady, a
native ¦• of County Galway, \ Ireland, : ag-ed 40
' years. ' v ¦¦.'¦.' ¦ ¦ - ¦ . ¦ .' • •-
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mcrrow
(Wednesday), at 1 . o'clock, from her late
j residence, 433 Dolores street, ' thence to Mls-
alon Dolores Church, for services. Interment
-Holy Cross Ceipetery. ." •'¦:•'-.
SILVET— In this city, July 29. 1901, Mary A.
Silvey, beloved mother of R. M. and Gsorgfl
¦ T. Silvey and Mrs. T. Wilson, a native of
New York, aged 80 years and' 11 months.
. ¦ icy Notice . of funeral hereafter.
SPENCER— In this city. July 27, 1901. G»orge
.McLean | Spencer, a native of Manchester,
Conn., aged -64 years and 10 months.
SPRECKELSEN-In this city, July 28, 1901.
Anna ¦ Marsaretha SDreekelsen, beloved
' daughter of Mrs. John Laudon, and sister of
Lizzie and Henrietta Spreckelsen and John
Laudon Jr., a native of San Francisco, aged
-16 years 8 months and 14 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 "o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Odd Fellows' |
Cemetery. -¦ ¦»*' •
STECHER— In Aberdeen, Wash.," July 23. '1901,
Edward T., oeloved husband of the late Ella.
Stecher, beloved son of Eleanor and the late
PhilllD Stecher, and brother of Fred J. and
Otto Stecher. a native of San Francisco, aged
36 years 2 months and 6 days. A member of
- the Friends of the Golden Gate Vereln.
[CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 317 Minna street, near Fourth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TO the officers and- members of the Frlend3 of
the Golden Gate Verein— You are hereby no-
tified to assemble at 317 Minna street to-
day (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our late member, Edward T.
Stecfcer. . By order "of
MRS. M. VAN NIEL. President.
STEVENS— In Dracut. Mass.. June • 1J. l»01.
Georgina T., wife of George H. Stevens, and
mother of Raymond R.. Alcey Hamblet and
Frederick Bolles Stevens, aged 26 years.
STEVENS— In Dracut. Mass., February 17,
1901, Henry Martin Stevens, fatlfer of Ben-
jamin Franklin, 1 George H., Eugene Roth
and William E. Stevens and Mrs. Alice Gib-
son of Menlo Park, axed 66 years.
WAIT— In this city, July 28. 1901. William TV..
beloved husband of Mary Wait, and fathw.*
of three .children, . a native of Dedham,
.Mass., aged 58 years 6 months and 26 days.
(New York papers please copy.)
{E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 304 Van Ness avenue. Interment
private. In I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WELLER— In this city. July 28, 1901. John B.
, Weller, $on of • the late Governor John B.
Weller. and brother of Charles L. "Wellef of
San Francisco, a native of Hamilton, O*to,
ared 53 years.
C7*Funeral prirate.
WIGHTMAN— In Los Angeles, July 29, MM.
Frank Baker Wightman, son of the late Joan
Wightman of San Francisco."
. IE?"Funeral . to-day (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock,
from 1765 Suttep street. Interment private.UNFORTUNATE : EOT WHO COM
, MITTED ARSON AND THE GIRL
HE SO INSANELY LOVED.
Counterfeiter Vollers Departs.
United States Marshal Shine left for Ju
neau, Alaska, last evening with Harry
Vollers.'who vhas been held to answer be
fore the United .States District Court of
Alaska for counterfeiting. •: .-.. : .
Great interest Is centering around the
oil" transportation matter, which la to be
heard by the Railroad Commissioners on
August 1. The Kern County oil men claim
that they are charged excessive rates for
the transportation of petroleum. The
railroad men claim that the oil men do
not understand their business, as evi
denced by their not building oil tanks,
and that charges of the railroad com
pany are reasonable.
The Railroad Commissioners have sub
penaed nearly everybody in the yellow
building to attend the meeting on August
1. Yesterday afternoon W. F. Herrin.
"William Sproule and. Manager Krutt
schnitt held a conference and went over
the testimony, previous to presenting their
case.
•RATLROAD OFFICIALS
COITFES ON OIL MATTER
Krut-tschnitt, Herrin and Spronle Go
O-ver Testimony Before Appearing
Before Commissioners. ~
States Civil Service Commission At
¦Washington, D. C, for application forma.
The value of the real estate owned by
Robert J. Hancock was In igsue In Judge
SeawelTB court yesterday morning, his
¦wife, Ella W. Hancock, who Is suing him
tor divorce, wishing to ascertain Its value
In order to establish a basis for a prayer
Hancock's Estate in Issue.
Thursday evening" last was a gala one
for the members of the San Francisco
Scottish Thistle Club. The games com
mittee presented Its final report, which
was enthusiastically received. To cele
brate the success achieved upon that oc
casion it was decided to suspend business
and celebrate in an informal manner. Ac
cordingly refreshments were procured and
the rest of the evening was given up to
pleasure. An impromptu programme, con
sisting of Instrumental solos, songs, reci
tations and speeches, was arranged and
proved highly entertaining.
The affair was voted the most success
ful in the history of the club. The fol
lowing named clansmen and friends con
tributed toward the evening's pleasure:
A. Strang, J. Davidson. Thomas Nixon,
G. W. Paterson. A. A. Brodie, D. Donald,
A. Nicholson, G. Fullerton, H. Fraser, J.
C Moore, J. V. McKay, J. Poniton G
Miller, P. D. Findlay and W. Murray.
The affair took place at Fraternity Hall,
22 O'Farrell street.
Gathering.
cess Achieved at the Annual
A KTCHT O* JOLLIFICATION"
BY HAPPY SCOTCHMEN
Thistle Club Boys Celebrate the Suc-
Opal Morris, a pretty, blue-eyed child
of 8 years, pleaded on bended knees be
fore Judge Dunne yesterday morning to
be permitted to remain with Mrs. Schwab
at -11 Julian avenue, who has cared* for
her since last May, when her mother,
Magpie Morris, died. The child's father.
Guy Morris, disappeared about two years
agj and the mother was forced to support
herself and child.
Finally Mrs. Morris was taken ill and
died. James W. Barnetr of Stockton, the
child's grandfather, recently applied for
letter? of guardianship upon the person
and estate of his little granddaughter.
The petition for letters came up before
Judgt- Dunne yesterday. The child rose
painfully from her seat, being affected
with spinal trouble, and pleaded in a pit
eous strain that she might be left witn
Mrs. Schwab, whom 6he .called her
mothc-r.
Suddenly the little girl dropped to her
knecp and with uplifted hands implored
the court to permit her to remain with
"he*- mother."
All m the courtroom were visibly affect
ed, but Judge Dunne had no alternative
but to grant the petition for letters. An
order was made, however, permitting the
child to remain with Mrs. Schwab for a
month or two. and in all probability she
••fill be permitted to remain longer, if she
expresses the desire.
Little Opal Morris Falls on Her Knees
in Court and Wins Her
Point.
CHILD PLEADS TO REMAIN
•tctth: hee aged gtjabdia.n
Nineteen- Year-Old-- Vincent Biasioli Becomes Incendiary,
Hoping to Secure Insurance Money ;That Would Enable
Him to Wed Beautiful Fannie Rousseau, Whom He Adores
Besides his wife he leaves two daugh
ters and two sons, one of whom, William
.E. Mills, is living at his father's old home
stead in Quincy. Piumas County.
The late Professor Le Conte, of whom
he was a close friend, was a student at
Harvard at aDout the same time as Mr.
Mills and took the degrees in the same
school of science. Both had the same
epiritual nature, and science only seemed
to intensify their love of God and rever
ence for his works. Professor Davidson
was also intimately acquainted with Mr.
Mills, cf whose work he could doubtless
tell much that would be of Interest.
Alexander Agassiz one day remarked to
Mr. Mills that his father had said that
the old water courses of the Sierras cross
each other at Ftrange angles, and that
there would be found the most Interesting
geological formation on the face of the
earth, and that Mills was the one man
to investigate it and solve the problem.
About twenty years ago he established a
geological survey at his own expense, and
the result of his labors are maps show-
Ing in detail ani accurately the formation
of the Sierras, the changes of the water
courses and ths causes thereof. He deliv
ered an address on the subject before the
Geological Society in this city several
years ago.
Deceased was born at Bangor, Me., Feb
ruary 13, 3834. He was a son of Dr. P. B.
Mills, a prominent physician, and a broth
er of Hiram F. Mills, the hydraulic en
gineer and expert in sewerage, than whom
there is not a l.« tter known man in scien
tific circles :n Massachusetts. When
IS years old James E. Mills went to Bos
ton and entered the Lawrence Scientific
School of Harverd. over which the elder
Agasslz presided. He took the degree of
S. B. six years later, and in the same
year was ordaired a minister of the Swe
denborgian church. He occupied a pulpit
in Brooklyn for three years, when com
pelled to resign because of failing health.
He became a mining geologist and was
soon engaged in most important work for
the elder Agassiz, and after his death for
his son. Alexander Agassiz, in whose em
ploy he was at the time of his death.
James E. Mills, the noted geologist, who
was a classmate and life-long friend of
the l&te Professor Joseph Le Conte,
passed away last Saturday at Culiacan,
Mexico. The sad news was received yes
terday by James H. Barry, but no details
as to the cause of death were given.
Classmate and Bosom Friend
cf the Late Professor
Le Conte.
Noted Geologist Passes
Away While Work
ing" in Mexico.
DR. MILLS DIES
FAR FROM HOME
LONGING TO MARRY GIRL HE LOVES,
BOY COMMITS ARSON TO GAIN GOLD
. An adage that cuts all around must be a
Circular saw. , c ... .;...;. ;- .;
"Actions speak 'louder than- words. , The
wasp can't talk, but h.e has a forcible way
of; expressing himself tha.t renders words
superfluous. .-; . . .. , i . ..•; 4 ' . . ¦¦'. , . , =~
Judge Lawlbr occupied the- bench, in
Judge Cook's court for a few minutes yes
terday morning and ' ordefced ; the case of
Maxwell against the Fire: Commissioners
stricken from ; the calendar/ pending- the
decision, of the .Supreme Court on ;the
writ of prohibition t0 ; enjoin Judge ; Cook
from hearing the case. . It can be restored
to the', calendar ¦ again * on motion should
the Supreme Court rpftise the writ.
Stricken' From the " Calendar!
Typewriter Repairer Wanted.
.:. On August 20, in all cities having postal
free delivery, a United States civil service
examination will be held for copyist, qual
ified as typewriter repairer. Department of
the Interior: salary, $900 per annum. Com
petitors should apply at once to the United
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists, sell and guarantee it. » "
Hev. ; Dr. Minton Banqueted. .
The Rev. H. C. Minton, D., D.,- moder
ator of trie' recent Presbyterian General
Assembly in Philadelphia, and professor
at -the Theological Seminary at San An
selmo. was tendered a reception and ban
quet by his many friends last evening at
the California Hotel. During the evening
speeches -were made by Rev.; Robert Mac
kenzie. D. D.. Rev. John Hemphill, D. D;
Rev. E. E. Baker of. Oakland and E.
E. Collins, also of Oakland. The Rev. R.
C. Stone and Professor. Foster also made
a few remarks.
. T.he stock of the Lyceum Clothing Com
pany ' has arrived in good shape. Beauti-,
ful is no name' for the suits that are be
ing -unpacked. -To all who read this: > I
have ! sold clothing you may say all my
life, yet never ,have -I -seen betteF style.
Just to give you an }dea, I put oncof the
cheviots on myself and my own wife said
that I looked ten years younger.. Now to
business.. Thursday-^yes, this very Thurs
day—August. 1, this sale will stayt. Not
withstanding i these men's suits, ¦ made of
material from ¦'. the Salem and ; Stockton
woolen mills are worth $20, I will sell them
at my. hobby for. $4 65 a suit. Nothing will
prevent the opening, of this great clothing
sale at. the Lyceum Clothing Company, at
the •¦•. Boston,- ,773 * Market street, near
Fourth. -P. C. Kelly, . assignee. > '.'. --^'
A Happier Man Than P. C, Kelly Can
* Not Be Found in San Francisco."
Bequeaths His Jewelry^ and Personal
Effects! to His -Fiancee, Jennie
Carmen Dunpny. . U ;
. The will of Robert Rawson Grayson,
who died July 13, was filed for probate
yesterday. Decedent's will bears date of
March 10, 1901, and disposes of an estate
of uncertain value. It is known, however,
that it will exceed $10,000. \
Jennie Carmen Dunphy, decedent's
fiancee, is bequeathed the Jewelry and
personal effects of the deceased, save a
few odd pieces, which are bequeathed to
Daniel T. Murphy, Alexander Hamilton
and Harry H., "Veuve, "in remembrance of
close and enduring friendship."
. Decedent also bequeaths $300 to Rev.
John E. Cottle and $500 to decedent's Chi
nese servant. "Wong Sam, The residue of
the estate is devised in trust to Eugene
Lent, to receive and hold the rents and
profits until after the death of decedent's
father, when the same is to be paid to the
testator's mother, . Eliza J. Grayson. At
her death the property Is to go to dece
dent's sisters. Mary Grayson ; Hlnckley
and Georgia Grayson Ralston. ¦
ROBERT RAWSON QRAYSON'S
WILL IS MADE OF RECORD
day that in all probability Young 'Corbett
of Denver and Tim Hegarty of Australia
will try conclusions in the arena of his
club. before long. v ¦ ,
•Through his recent decisive defeat of
Kid Broad -Corbett climbed several rungs
further up the pugilistic ladder. . He is the
idol of Denver ring-goers, many of whom
think him capable of giving the redoubt
able Terry McGovern an argument. Heg
arty comes from the Antipodes with a r«
cord longer than the waits for. a Fifth
street car and a recommendation that hq
is gcod enough to hold his own in any
man's town. • If Young Corbett's consent
can t>e had ' by ¦ wire to-day the crack,
feather-weights will come together as 4
preliminary to the Gardner-Kid Carter
contest, to be held*during the latter part
of August in this city. ( ; . . •
YOTJNG CORBETT AND •
¦J : HEGABTY:ON THE CABD
National dub Endeavors to Bring the
Two Crack Feather- Weights '
Together.' .
Matchmaker Jack Gleason of the Twen
tieth Century Athletic Club said yester-
¦ ? ; — ¦ . ...-'; , ¦ :
The first session of the Grand Lodge- of
the Independent Order of Red Men .was
held yesterday in Red Men's .Hall, on
Bush street, near Dupont. There were
present representatives from the ' fifteen
lodges in the State, located in. this city,
Sacramento, Alameda, San- 'Jose, Santa
Cruz and. Los .Angeles, and -'the. following
named grand officers* ; ; , • .;< \J ;
F. Schumacher of San Jose, grand »chlef: P.'
Bremer of Alameda, first ' grand, vice chief ;
Paul H. Schrelber, San Franclscc, second grand
vice chief: R. Landmann, San Francisco, chap
lain; M. Fuetscher, San Francisco, secretary ;¦
J. Gutberlet, San Francisco, treasurer; Julius
Frisky. San Francisco, guide;, 'P. WarkenllnJ
San Jose, herald; Adam Brehm, San Fraiiclsco,
marshal; Eugene Ansel and W. > Danheim, Ala
meda, and H. B&ck, San Francisco, guards. 1 - J !
Ex-Grand Secretary B. A. Saminnnn and
J. D. Feldman were appointed the - press
committee, ¦ and "William Kreutzkamp;
John Wunder, Jacob Noll, David Conn
and John A. F'alkenstein the committee
on credentials. , ,
The several grand officers presented
their reports. iVom ¦which it appears that
while the order did not make any great
numerical gain it held its own, and In
spite of an unusual expenditure of money
for Kick and funeral benefits there. was a
flattering increase in the finances. -The
meratit-rshlp at this time is a little more
than 1200, and 1he aggregate of .'funds in
the treasury ?s $69.730. .. The dl3>urse
ments during the, year were $SS03. _-: ':'.-
At the afternoon session the following
named wcr« elected as the grand offlcers
for the ensuing term, and they will be
installed to-day: .
F. Bremer, grand chief; P. ' H. Schreiber,
first vic£ chief, -.John Wunder, second vice
chief; F., Schumacher, chaplain; M." Fuetscher,
secretary ; J. Gutberlet. treasurer ; L. . Krumb,
P. Cohn and J. : Rumtsch, trustees..:, *-. 4 .
-At the session to-day, there -willr be-pre
sented a number of amendments looking
toward the advancement of the work , of
the organization. . ' r .;¦¦¦•¦
This evening there will be a banquet to
the outgoing and incoming; officers.
Steps are being.* taken at .this time to
institute a new lodge at San Rafati-and
a lodge oi ths . Degree, pf : P.ocahontas at
Sacramento. . • ¦ -.
The v Grand Officers Are
Chosen for Ensuing j
Terra. v v '-..
RED MEN HOLD
YEARLY session
• The boys relate that' on the day, of their
disappearance a man induced them to ac
company hinV to the Cliff House on prom
ise of a gift of candy. .While, there they
became frightened and ran away and for
several days . lived in. a cave at -Lands
End, supported by food furnished them
by soldiers. At last they .were able to
come to the , city, '.but -were afraid to re
turn to their former home lest they should
be punished. They were- found- in ava^
cant house by an officer- on May, 27, and
turned over to Father Crowley, who has
¦been "caring for them since that time. .
¦ Roy Taylor and Joseph Clifford, the two
little boys who were kidnaped from the
home : of the Ladies' Protective and Re
lief Association : last April and for •whom
anxious search j has been kept - up since
that time,. have finally been recovered by
means of the picture of the Taylor boy
published '.in last Tuesday's Call. They
are now in . the care of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children and
will be restored to their mothers to-day. -
' To Father Crowley , of the Youths'.* Di
rectory Is due the credit»for ' the recov
ery, of the . lost children. 'He. recognized
the -published photograph as that of a
boy. who had recently come . under his
charge and steps were at once taken to
return the little fellows to their anxious
parents.. |3? •
1 • • ; ¦ ¦¦ : T — ?
Photograph in The Call
d^urnishes Clew to
¦Identity.
KIDNAPED BOYS
ARE RECOVERED
"What Turkry needs Is a Sultan with
plenty of cash.
Shall Not Be Dropped From
Great Register.
A meeting of the Election Commission
ers was held yesterday at which the proc
lamation calling for the primary election
to be held on- Tuesday,' August 13, was
adopted. Nineteen persons. were cited to
appear before the board next Monday to
show cause "why their names should not
be expunged from the register. A ean
vass of the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth,
Forty-third and Forty-fifth districts de
veloped the fact that many persons had
given fictitious residences and that others
had moved since they, last registered. -
i Registrar, Walsh announced that the
registration for the primary election
would close at 11 p. m. next Saturday.
Up to that date the registration office
will remain open until 9?30 p. m. daily.
The board ordered the sending of a re
quisition (or thirty clerks to the Civil Ser
vice. Commissioners, that number of as
sistants being required- for the perform
ance of the extra work attending- the pri
mary registration and election. ,
Must Show Causs Why Their Names
BIANY VOTERS CITED
BY ELECTION BOARD
CITY PASTORS -MEET
IN WEEKLY SESSION
Interesting Papers Axe Bead at Eacli
of the Denominational Gath
erings. »
A most Interesting paper was read yes
terday by Rev. Dr. E. H. Avery at the
weekly meeting of the Presbyterian Min
isterial Union, the subject «f the paper
being "The Bible, What Is It?"
In presenting theyaddress, the speaker
dwelt upon six mest important facts,
namely; That the Bible furnishes a mass
of highly important historical data, un
obtainable elsewhere in literature; that
the work extending through fifteen cen
turies shows a remarkable harmony of
thought; that the writings present a code
of laws, perfect and unapproachable: that
the Scriptures present a knowledge of
events still deep in the future; that the
writers distinctly claim divine guidance
and that the Savior recoRniaed the Old
Testament as the word of God. A. dis
cussion folio-wed th# reading of the paper.
At the weekly meeting of the Methodist
Church Union an address was delivered
by the Rev. Dr. Thirkield, corresponding
secretary of the Freedmen's v Aid and
Southern Educational Society. The sub
ject of the address, was "On the Relation
of the Negro Race to the Conversion of
the World." The speaker handled the
subject in a forceful manner and was list
ened to with marked attention. Regular
meetings were also held yesterday by the
pastors of the Baptist and Congregational
churches. .
for an alimony judgment. William A.
Shaddy of the Hibernia Bank said the real
property in question located in this city
was worth S196.000. Real Estate Agent
Sessions of Oakland stated that the Oak
land property was worth about $50,000.- W.
MacDowell. who collects the rents from
the property, testified that they amount
to $22,000 a year. After MacDowell left
the stand \ a continuance until next
Wednesday was ordered.
VINCENT BIASIOLI, lj? yeafs old
and very much in love with; Miss
Fannie ¦ Rousseau, occupies & ¦ cell |
in the Hall of Justice with an
ugly charge of arson booked
against him. Vincent made a very raw
attempt early yesterday -morning to- set
fire to a flat occupied, by him at 425 Bart
iett street, his object being to collect the
$200 for which the place was" insured and
thereby be financially in a position to wed
the object of his affections.
Biasioli went about the business of set
ting fire to his flat in a very amateurish
fashion. About 1 o'clock he poured a can
of coal oil all over the.basement floor and
took some coal oil-soaked rags and hung
them alcng the walls. Then he put a
match to the rags and waited for the
place to burn. Just as the fire was gain
ing headway Mr. Kane, who lives in the
adjoining house, came up the street and,
seeing- the flames,' proceeded to call for
assistance. Biasioli came out in .answer
to his cries and helped him to fight the
fire. To Kane the youth explained that
the fire must have been the work of burg
lars.
Shortly after 5 o'clock Biasioli made an
other attempt to fire the house. This time
he chose the parlor and bedroom of his
flat as* the scene of action and poured coal
oil over the bedsheets and on the cur
tains'that adorned the parlor windows.
When the flames began to spread the
young incendiary went out and roused his
At first Biasioli absolutely refused to
speak of the lady for the sake of whose
love he sinned. "She has nothing to do
with it." he said. "I alone am to blame.
If she had knov/n that I was going to do
what I did F am sure she -would have told
me not to, • s
"How shWl I ever face her people?" he
went on. ' "I hope she will forgive" me. I
Young Biasioli is a comely youth, just
turned 19. His skin is fair and his cheeks
pink, just like a girl's. His hair is brown
and curly, and his large brown eyes fill
and solash over when he tellg the story
of his crime, just like a child's.
"I do not know what possessed me to do
such a thing," said the youth. "The idea
came into my head on Friday night when
I heard the lire bells ring. I am engaged
to be married, and I thought if I had the
$200 for which my flat was insured I might
be wedded right away.
"I never for a moment realized what an
awful crime I was committing," went on
the youth, sobbing as if his heart would
break. "I never did anything wrong In
my life before, and I hope the law will
take pity on me and give me another
chance." -*•'« •'»£•-
Hopes She Will Be in Court.
neighbors so that they would *be la no
danger of death by fire. A still alarm was
turned in. Engine No. 7 answered the
call. ¦ The firemen naturally became sus
piclous as to the origin of the blaze and
telephoned for Fire Marshal Towe. To we
questioned the lad, and He at once, with
many sobs, confessed the whole miserable
truth. Detective T. B. Gibson was sent
for and he made the arrest.
: . . . Sweetheart May Prove Fickle. ,.
"And will you be faithful to him and
wait five years?" was asked of the girl.
"I can't say," replied Miss Rousseau.
"Five years is a long time and much may
•happen in it."/. . • ¦. .
. Miss Rousseau is a remarkably self-pos
sessed young woman. .There were no tears
and no sighs when she discussed her lov
er's sad plight. She had evidently thought
the matter over earlier in the day and
. decided that self-preservation was the
best thing in her unusual situation.
She is very pretty, this girl who made
a 19-year-old boy turn to crime. She is
tall and straight. Her features are regu
lar,-her eyes blue,' her hair heavy and of
a deep nut brown and worn in two braids.
Marguerite. fashion, down her back. She
is 19 years old.
The flat out on Dolores street'in which
young Vincent lived was rented by him
with the intention- of Its being the home
of the girl he hoped to make his bride.
When he rented the house he purchased
the furniture from Dr. M. A. Brown,; the
former tenant. The price paid Brown Was
$75, and the $200 insurance. policy was in
cluded in the' : bargain.
Biasioli Is a stonecutter by trade and
was in the employ of McKee & Co., at
Nineteenth and Harrison streets, where
he was earning $3 a day. His, appren
ticeship would have expired in three more
months and then he would have been able
to earn $5 a day.- According: to his story,
he- has been -working 'since Jie ¦was 12
years old. He was born in Venice, Italy,
but has lived in this city for twelve years.
His father, his only living relative, is. 65
years old, and is working in Palo Alto.
• "My poor old father." is Vincent's con
tinual cry. "I hope he will never learn of
my disgrace."
>i felt All Matches Played This
Season Is Withdrawn.
A meeting of the board of directors. of
the California Cricket Association was
held last night, at which delegates were
present from the Alameda, California, Pa
cific and Santa Cruz clubs. An amend
ment to the constitution was passed to the
effect that delegates from any club to the
association shall not be permitted to , act
as members of the board of directors un
til notice of their appointment shall have
been communicated by the secretary of
their club to the secretarypf .the associa
tion.
E. G. Sloman. one of the delegates of
the California Cricket Club, introduced a
motion that the Alameda Club, having in
cluded in its team a player who left the
Californias when not in good standing,
forfeit all its matches for the pennant
played during the present season. After a
long and vigorous discussion, in which
all the delegates took part, the motion
was withdrawn. . . _ - «
President Edward Brown appointed H.
C. Casidy, R. B. Hogue and A. G. Sheath
a committee of three to select a team to
represent Old England in the match next
Sunday, and also to visit Lake County
during the Admission day holidays. The
Young America team to play next Sunday
against Old England will be picked by F.
J. Croll, i assisted by two committeemen
selected, by himself.
Owing to the lateness of the hour a
communication from A. E. Acklom with
reference to procuring a permanent cricket
ground and erecting . suitable . buildings
thereon ¦was deferred until the next meet
ing. .
CRICKETERS CONSENT
TO BITRY THE HATCHET
Resolution That Alameda Club ; For-
do not want her to come and see me in
prison, because that would be calling at
tention to herself. I hope, though, that
she will be in court when I am tried. No
one will know who she is and it will give
me the chance to see her, even if I may
not speak to her."
But the pleasure of seeing the girl hG
loves will be denied poor, doting Vincent
Blasioli.
"I couldn't think of going into court,
said Miss . Rousseau, when she was seen
at her home on -Ninth street. "I must
keep out of this. I can't be too careful.
Vincent may write to me if he chooses,
but, of course, I could not answer his let
ters. It was very foolish for him to do
as he did— and all for $200, too. The de
tectives tell me it means five years' im
prisonment." v
The ordinance providing for a grant to
the San Francisco and San Joaquin "Val
ley Railway Company of a right of way
and the right to construct and operate
a railroad along and upon certain portions
of Fourth, ' Michigan and Georgia streets
was finally- passed by the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday. Amon£ the condi
tions imposed on the company Is one re
quiring It .to keep the streets named In
proper repair from curb to curb. . '
The roadway of Sixteenth, street, be
tween Dolores and Church, and the cross
ing of Jackson and Lyon streets were
fully accepted. '
The amended ordinance providing for
the sale of "skimmed" milk labeled as
such was passed to print.
. The petition of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners for permission to ex
tend the tracks of its belt railroad from
seawall lot No. 14 over and across -Broad
way to seawall lot No. 15 was referred to
the Street Committee.
The ordinance defining a district for the
maintenance of tanneries or shoddy mills
was passed to print.
The petition of Charles W. Pope, presi
dent of the Nineteenth . Avenue Improve
ment Club, that the Board of Works be
instructed to complete the boulevard with
moneys out of the surplus fund was re
ferred to the Street, Committee. . Pope
states that no -provision has yet been
made by the city for the grading and
macadamizing cf the 1200 lineal feet across
the Spring valley Company's land to
Ocean House road.
A resolution directing the Board of
Works to sell the old engine-house on
Howard street, near Third, was passed
to print. s ¦
Supervisors Grant Right
in Mission,
' to Operate Tracks ¦
VALLEY RAILWAY
GETS FRANCHISE
The resolutions to be adopted will also
deal -with the diversion of repair work
for the Mare Island yard to Port Orchard
and to the ship yards of the Atlantic
coast. The merchants who .went to Mare
Island were stFongly in favor of vigor
ously calling this matter ; to the attention
of Congress. There is no line of business
in San Francisco that is not interested
financially in having times brisk at Mare
.Island, for all the supplies, as Secretary
Campbell of the "Vallejo Board of Trade
said, in addressing the merchants, come
from San Francisco. The meeting on the
General Frisbie was informal and that
was the reason that no action was taken
during the trip. The course adopted by
the San Francisco Board of Trade will re
sult in having all the influence that can
be secured back of the action of the com
mercial bodies of the city. ¦.-• . '
. The general suggestions that were con
tained in these resolutions , will be the
basis of action by the San Francisco
Board of Trade.' They recommend the
immediate construction of the stone dry
dock at the yard and also 'the deepening
of the water over the San Pablo flat, that
warships may find no difficulty in going
to. the yard freely. The contract for the
dry dock only awaits the signature of the
Secretary of the Navy, having been pre
pared under the direction of a naval board
and having been accepted as entirely sat
isfactory by the contractors, who .are
ready to go to work at once. The other
project, the deepening of the water, has
been recommended by Colonel Heuer.
The Board of Trade of San Francisco
will take up the matter of the necessary 1
improvements for the Mare Island navy
yard at a meeting which has* been called
by Preeident-A. A. Watklns, to be held on
Thursday of the present week. The sup
position is that the board will adopt reso
lutions which will be subsequently sub
mitted to the Chamber o£ - Commerce,
Manufacturers' and Producers'- Associa
tion, Merchants' Association, San Fran
cisco Produce Exchange and the newly
organized Merchants' Exchange for in
dorsement. "When the merchants of San
Francisco recently went to Mare Island to
inspect the yard and to be Informed con
cerning the work that needs to be done to
provide the best facilities for the ( build
ing and repairing of ships' of the navy,
resolutions had been prepared at the in
stance of the committee, representing the
Vallejo Board of Trade and these were
handed to President Watklns, who presid
ed at the informal -meetings . that were
held on the steamer General \Frisbie
while the merchants were journeying to
and from the yard. . -
Meeting Is Called to Plan a
Way to Interest
Congress., ;
Board of Trade Prepares
to Enlist Other
Bodies.
READY TO URGE
NEEDS OF YARD
THE .SAW rHANCISCp CALI^ TUESDAY, JULY 30, 1901.
12
will never forego the pleasure of using the purest
soap made, that is, Ivory Soap*
It is the most inexpensive of pure soaps. You
need no knowledge of chemistry to .realize this
purity, use it and you will know. It floats.
SjZjrZjHEN you arc ready to buy, stop and com-
£«¥ / pute the cost of the soap used by your
stft/^ household in a day, a week or a month,
liy^S!) and for the slight difference in price you
A CALCULATION.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
.5 Montgomery ave.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
Northeast corner Broadway and Plerca
st. : • 62% feet front on north line Broad-
way, by 137% feet deep on east line Pierce
St.; Broadway is bituminized.
FINE BAY VIEW
BROAOWAYCORNER
Vj*2 _ Shoes are as necessary to the existence of civil- $&P
ized people as the air they breathe, and yet they are an 3r
~ . appreciable expense— particularly if they're . poor ' ' ¦ ¦
. shoes. In the few remaining days of our Special Mid-
summer Sale we are offering fine shoes in broken lots,
small sizes and some entire lines, at absurdly low
\ / prices.. What do you think of these? vf
\mJL& Fine Patent leather. French heel, turn sole lace the EsSJ
y&Sf newest shape. All sizps and widths. " WSrW
'. :'ij ;¦-.•¦¦ Reduced to $3 25. *, . -
Fine Vici Kid. full [extension sole, lace, broad bulldog
toe. latest fashion. Cheap at $4 00 . *
Reduced to $2 OO i ¦
i \ Reduced to 50c, to close them out. 1 Uj
v&A MEN'S. klg
\P i^ en nn?!5^1 i S,?l, ( ivu Box n <ialf an ? Tan * u "la Calf, Wg
y§^ J " c e. all sizes and widths. Our regular $3 50 grade. JMff
Reduced to J**U 5O. * .. ' *^^ v
ADVERTISEMENTS.
eorvwaMT im tr thc nteeTin * «Mi»ia eo. ciacuuMTi -
™^"TT»rr-n- iw in n ' "¦ — .
Eyeglasses and Spectacles
at | less
Than prevailing: prices. All glasses
¦warranted perfect. Bring your
broken lenses to me; I will dupli-
cate them for less money than any-
one else. * " ', .'
E. MAXWELL, Room 42. .
Sixth Floor, Academy of Sciences,
819 Market Street.
Take the Elevator.
I^^V^ PAINLESS
1 /Vi V^N DENTISTRY
I "VANVR00M"
I 1001 MARKETYCor. 6th.
¦ j '¦¦".•¦'->¦•? /.'¦',. . . ¦;_¦'
Specialist. , Disease ~^^^^*vi
and weakness of Wsg&f £
men. Established t.—J'
1SS1. Consultation ffv* )*^?5£'£p '
and private book V$fc c^* \*
free, at office or by *W»V /¦>
mail. Cures ' guar- jwJkj^JSS^" k
anteed.' 731 Mar- Y&*&£s£$W
ket street (eleva- A\*^piM^^
tor entrance), San Jgt^J 1
Francisco. #^ s Ctj- i -^«&5^
gpELICA'TE £2*TREES|
§ and delicious sauces easily made by jq
EXTRACT oi Beef A