She twns forty hors&a and ten wagens, •
has a pay roll of - $600 & month for men
• regularly, employed;, besides ; furnishing _J
work almost constantly to five or el* e**
tra men and teams. . Blacksmlthlng fop
ten four-horse teams and as many wagons j
is something of an' item, and Mrs. Sum. •
mers has her own blacksmith shop, doing ¦
custom work on the side. ' '
All .told, Mrs. Summers has sunk - 1 c»ur- '
teen wells, and each one has been a payer, "
Three times she has gone into new. terrL .
tory to bore for oil. and her uuccess in
striking it every time lias led others - t»j
profit. by her Judgment. For. obvious re>n*
eons her last wells have been sunk unde?
other names than her own.
. No one knows, not even th# oil queen*
herself, how. much she is worth. Oneo
long ago, when she was $10,000 in dtebt and
did not know whether Sap £r>r weir waa '
evening attends to the booko and eorre«
spondencc. , ; V-v...
i * bu t . tiecauso she ha ,/ tne \i-afls Instinct.
•.¦:', f Becaus"e. she "loved. It. she studied muslo"
¦ and . fas 'sept ; to -to finish her
Vmusicar education:' . '
; V' Wlth;a.rfch. and •Indulgent 'father, there
, r> 4 was jnV thought -of tuinlngrher mtslcal
-, gift to" account;- "It. was' cultivated merely
¦•' as an aceompllshment.^But'no sooner had
> the iyoung ; % woman* taken her 'place in so
";;; cI * t y; ..than : ehe- wris '.': offered -¦ the position
; * of. musical, instructor in'the public schools
}> of :.ai.Tennes«ee., town, -where she was
'-v spending ; the' gay. ; season * with ' her uncle's
¦family/5.' ;,'*-;-. '/e^Sti '>:>•¦'' ''i- :
:^..-.Perhaps the. offer; flattered her; perhaps
* i t> was * the;;buslness \ instinct • again. At
any,rate\she> accepted. ;her, father giving- a
, reluctant -to gratify, as he
-' thousht,;a- whim: •..-.¦¦
. • .'.Teaching, wag harder 'work than being a
.'society. belle;,but part of this woman's re
; llgton Is doing vw hat. she undertakes and
¦phevheldithe position- until she married
8 Then, trup , tp^her; Southern nature and
>. trainlr.gr. lipme'seenneda big enough world
; t >for her. ¦¦••%;.-;¦;: v. - v
t'<Z "Presently,'- however, .reverses came, and
|o; quote 1 Mrs.i Summers,. Tennessee- Is no
. place, tq live without money. So the Sum
; mers inovedas far 'ay-ay from Tennessee
all the oil that passes through her hands,
buys all her tools and supplies, keeps her
own books and writes her own letters.
She works every day from 8 to 6 as regu
larly as if she were on salary, and in the *
ways.
Mrs. Summers attends to every dc-tafl
of the business personally. She hires u'l
her men down to the last teamster, testa
transactions. No man goes to her. for
a check when money Is due him and fails
to receive It, and when she borrows from
the bank she pays when her note matures
— always. On the other hand, she con
fesses herself to be a little chicken-heart
ed when it comes to pressing a creditor,"
especially if he has a wife and children.
This could hardly be called a fault,
though strict principles usually work both
There ¦was a time when she spent the
hours from daylight to dark out in the
forest of derricks, where smoky engines
and wheezy pumps fill the air with dis
mal noises, where the only pleasant sight
or sound, even. to an oil man! is the tiny
stream of greenish oil that flows from
pipe to tank. But that was in the begin
ning when she had more time for prac
tical details and when she needed prac
tical knowledge and a market.
To-day every detail of this intricate
business is at her fingers' ends. Ehe Is
expert in testing oil and knows the qual
ity of oil produced by every well In th«j
field and she has yearly contracts with
the largest consumers of fuel oil In Lo»
Angeles, contracts renewed from year to
year. She has learned, too, what men to
trust when they tell her their oil run*
thus and bo, and Ehe knows when to b<i
on her guard. From end to end of th«
field she Is known and respected and In
the market she can compete with th«
best of the men.
At first consumers were Inclined to look
askance at her when she offered to «up.
ply them with oIL They gave her only
a part of their orders, by way of experi
ment and because she was a woman. In
time, however, when she had proved to
them her ability to handle their business,
they showed their confidence by giving
her their entire orders and' recommend
ing her to their friends.
This was the result of strict business
methods and absolute honesty. Mrs. Sum
mers stands by every word of a promise
to the last letter and such is the reliance
placed In her promises that she has never
been asked for .bond even in the largest
Sitting: quietly at her, -desk in her own
home she conducts by telephone the werk
of boring wells, pumping oil, buying the
product of other wells and marketing it
by the thousand barrels — yes, and buying
and Belling stocks, too — for this woman
Is a keen, far-sighted speculator. And
she makes as much money in real estate
as In oiL She is a born financier. A busi
ness proposition is to her -what the
thought of a new gown is to the average
•woman.
A man In her place would- en joy success
better with all the world looking on, but
Mrs. Summers hides away from the lime- ¦
light and shrinks from the gaze of the
public «ye. The names of men Who have
made fortunes since a sea of oil was dis
covered under California's crust -are :
known the length and breadth of the.
State and beyond: but this woman who
handles a good fourth of the output of
the Los Angeles. field is .scarce -known as
an operator except by those with whom
ehe deals and her own personal friends.
And such a modest, shy and very
womanly woman Is this California oil
Cueen! . . . ...
«^"T WOMAN with a genius for af.
f I fairs — It may sound paradoxical.
I I but the fact exists. -.--.-•
V I If Mrs. Emma A. Summers were
JL less than a genius she could not,
as she does to-day, control the Los' An
geles oil markets. . ¦
r "' fi! t ?^f coul<L ' California was very far In
i £ the '7P,*s and early *80's. x •
, In Los Angeles they built a small home.
. and with the pluck and coura?o that la
J stowed away somewhere In tho soul of
- every Southern woman, and which neces
> any, always uncovers, thi3 woman stepped
i cut .to take a place beside her husband aa
Drf;ad-wirner.
¦£salu sbe gave musio lessons. Pupils
c.-^me in plenty and the woman was happy.
/Pianos were scarce in Los Angeles then,
, -*nd most cf the pupils went to Mrs. Sum
_ raers home to practice. When the num
„ .ber outgrew the possibilities of one piano
\ "«»5L « ght a 3«cond, then a third, fourth,
¦» | nfth, sixth and seventh. When it came to
• .having a piano in the kitchen she decided
& to build a house bis enough for the
I Pianos, and this she did, with only about
half the money in sight to pay for it.
"It has been this way all my life. Every
thing has run away with me. I had so
ma ]*y P^Pils I *'as giving lessons all day
? n £ *J a l f the ,?i ght - J got so mauy pianos
I had to build a house to put them in.
Then I saw a chance in the oil business
and sunk a well, and this has carried me
on and on, till I don't know where it will
stop.".
When the oil craze broke out In Los
Angeles some twenty years ago Mrs. Sum
mers was one cf the first to try her for
tune in oil. She had saved just $700 from
.per teaching, and this she decided to put
:lnto an oil well, some one agreeing to fur
nish a like amount. And 3he did put It in.
too— so deep that • she thought it would
never come out. With It went $1900 more,
for Mrs. Summers' credit was good.
Boring oil wells then was not what it is
now. The equipment was meager, and
the experience of those who drilled wells
more meager still.
Bad luck followed bad luck, and the
climax came when first the casing and
then the tools went crashing into the well.
-Only the man who had drilled the hole
. was left on top.
Day after day Mrs. Summers stood by
that hole. Night after night she hovered
iJver it as she would watch a babe that
.'had swallowed a tack and three pins. The
-..prospect was dreary, but Mr3. Summers
jiever ?ays dlt». and sh« fenew there was
oil in the well.
When ihe hardware was finaliy fished
out the plucky woman went on boring,
not only the one well, but another, and
another and another. It was this whole
!i a 0.000 S SnTe!t. Of We " 3 ttat ier
. - Meanwhile Mrs. Summers was teaching
music to ,help pay the hardware bills.
-Even after she was out of debt and had
reached her ten thousand dollar mark, the
music lessons continued, chiefly because
Jier pupils would not quit coming. In
t deed, it is less than a year since the last
one was induced to go elsewhere for in
struction.
•Gradually, as Mrs. Summers found more
market than she could supply with her
own she began -to buy from
others, _ sometimes so many barrels a
rncr.th, sometimes, as a matter of specu
lation.the*year's output of a well. -And
. so, -without" realizing it. this woman be
came a power in the local oil world.
But - such ups and ' downs as she • had !
".There have been times when It seemed
she could not win out. that everything
must go. but the woman's unerring judg
ment, indomitable will and perseverance
always bring things to the right about.
Even now the streaks of good and bad
run like streaks of lean and fat In bacon,
but Mrs. Summers has learned to take
both as they come. Taking-, for example,
a day when one of her houses was partly
destroyed by fire, one of her wagons broka
dewn In the field, with a big contract to
till, and "her horse gave her arm a bad^
wrench, all within a few hours, any one
would grant her the right to cry— but she
didn't, because the telephone rang Just
then, or a man called to talk over soma
deal.
She hasn't time for tears any more than
she." has time for society. Once a week
regularly she goes to the theater for men
tal relaxation, but dlnings, receptions and
the rest of femininity's pet functions ara
anything but recreation. They bore her,
and she escapes them when she can.
With no children of her own, Mrs. Sum
mers is not without maternal cares. Sha
Is thfe best of mothers to tho three or
phaned children of a friend. On her death
bed the mother of these little onea. whose
-father had died some time before, was
burdened with the thought of her.chil
dren's future. "What will become of
them?" she sighed to the friend of her
girlhood. And Mrs. Summers gave- her
-word that they, should be well cared for
How faithfully the promise has been kept
can be guessed when one knows that Mrs.
Summers has refused to allow them to
be adopted into good homes, feeling that
she has no right to give them away. She. ¦
has them under the care of a worthy wo
man, gives them a house, to live in and
provides for them as If they were her own
— and loves them. ' ..
In business Mrs. Summers is every inch,
the man. Away from business she is
every, inch the woman, barring her dis
like for society.
She can cook, embroider and sew and
has all the accomplishments considered
necessary for women one generation back
If necessity had not come to develop her
wonderful - capacity for affairs she would
be the happiest and most contented of
home bodies. As It Is now, she loves her
home as well as she loves her business.
"I wouldn'± have an office downtown for
anything," She i asserts with upraised
hands and a look of terror at the very
thought. "And I couldn't go on the oh
exchange with all those men — not for any
thing. I never was on 'change In my
life." And yet she has managed to buy .
and sell many a block of stock, and with
out the aid of a broker. There are ways
of : hiding one's light tinder a bushel if
one cares to. and still keep it burning.
"My husband is, awfully nice," Mr3.
Summers Is wont to say with truly femi
nine pride. • "But we never talk about
business unless it Is to tell some little In
cident that comes up." No doubt thla is
one reason she and her husband are such S
good friends. Each goes his own way,
having. perfect confidence In the other. "
.When the first venture was made In borl
Ing for oil, it was Mrs. Summers' scheme,
but her husband stood back of her— or, bf- •
side her. But Mr. Summers is conserva
tive and less aggressive in business mat
ter's than his wife, and when she vras «
fairly started In her speculative and un
certain career as an oil producer, he
turned his attention again to his cwn
business. VThat he has every confidence
in his wife Is evidenced, by the fact ihat
she holds always, whether he is at home
building houses or in Cape Nome lookincr
after his mining properties, a power of
attorney which authorizes her to sell any
thing he has. "
: .And . here Is nomething that smacks of
Inconsistency. Mrs;: Summers never ad-,
vises, any woman to go into business.
,.."So' many women come to me and ask
my advice, and I always tell them to go
back and attend -to their housekeeping.
"I love business \ myself ." she admits.
"I can't . help being . a business woman,
but it, is. too strenuous a life for every
woman. There are * too many difficulties
to ¦ sunnount, too many trials to undergo
before "success is attained. The success
ful business woman is stronger, more
helpful and has a broader sympathy with
the world, but it is doubtful whether, she
is as happy with the vivid impression that
p, world struggle leaves upon her. If she
is 'unsuccessful, a woman has lost some
thing of her womanlye sweetness and
gained in , Ha stead an unwholesome un
rest. It istoo greata. risk for me to ad
vise any woman to "undertake the ' strus-'
gle.V . v ,
¦ Strarnger. perhaps, than this verdict. Is
the fact that Mrs. Summers Is the* one
person who does 1 not think she has done
anything out of the ordinary, anything
worth talking about, * .
years there were no boys, she wa3 very
close ._ to" her father, a • banker and large
land . owner - in Hickman, Ky. With him
she often rode about the plantation when
he went to " give orders to his men. The
tiny . seed thus"> planted was one day to
make Its way to the surface despite a
womanly reserve . bordering on timidity,
and prove the daughter. ..equal to the
father.' -/ '-"','
* In - the days 'of dolls and playhouses,
there were always stores and merchan
dise, buying' and selling; and first thing
the "'sisters knew it .was Emma who
Jiad all the stock, iiaver toy- unfair means,
$ « a ; dry » hole ; or ¦< an * endless -, stream . of oil ,
rag Mrs. Summers decided- that' when ski
% could write her check for 510,000 she would
be ready to "quit. : But she' is I so'/f ar j past
'the" ten. thousand mark that It is only, a
i, tiny speck in the; distance*" and "she is no
nearer, quitting!, than i'"she : was-when she'
- VeachM-lt^ !;She has -never set another'
'. limit! % Meanwhile she has been careful to
' **lt: down, a', goodly .share of her earnings,
in > valuable estate •.'which; she turns
over-to advantage . from', time; to 'time. .,
:',. That she' has- neveryet;made a. loss is
one of Mrs. "Summers'/! boasts, and one of
any financier of - s tho -, man kind
""might be proud.'', -A . ¦• ' " . : _¦ o T •
-¦¦ • .'.This % Is Uhe* 1 woman ',who,: years : ago. - in
•'the -mountains of Tennessee; was one day:
"'nanded r a" roll "of 'greenbacks in payment
for some property.'". Although assured, by ';
i her' husband that the rh6hey vias all. right.;
Bhe" hi"! serious- 5 - doubts -• on the subject,
and. rode_ four mllfid
/to haWan uncle examine and pass on the
,. money. ;. :'.- ¦¦'¦'¦ , • ¦:./? ' ; >V- '¦;'- "•'•• 'V'.'
, Mrs." Summers •; Is 1 a •Southern,, woman.
.-That Is, 1 shelwas '.born'in 'the : South. s She
has 1 the charming^ personality, of , the'.
' Southerns-woman. vyet> there Sis a. strong ¦
I flavor of the^West^bout- her/. the self-re- ¦}
', HantUndeperidence,': the ifreedom," the>ner- v
| vous,' restless' energy; typical '; of the -West. |
' Sho is<quick?to: think,. quick to speak,
' quick to 1 do.' 'She,- is 'shrewd, ? but ,. her
shrewdness Is' tempered by« absolute fair-;
¦.: ness \ and. she " never,. takes advantage j of ;
any'oneMn : her.' dealings.-.' .;-¦-. .--
As ¦ a . young girl - she ;< was S fond - of : rid
ing rowing— anything-, that took
her* out of doors. From; her,; father, she
Inherited this talent for a business.; Astho
.i«iut-i't .Ol.A."ianiiI^ in which '.for -many
Sunday Call Magazine Section
THE CALIFORNIA OIL QUEENARE NIAGARA FALLS TO BECOME A THING OF THE PAST?
gEFPRE Niagara Falls, which are
now cutting their way backward
along the bed of the river to Lake
Erie at the rate of about f ouiTfeet
a year,' reach the head of Grand
Island less than five miles away, there
will be no Niagara. The whole system of
the great lakes is changing. The waters
of Lake Michigan at Chicago are slowly;
rising and Lake Erie is growing shallow.,
\ Eventually, unless a dam Is built to pre
vent it, as. has been proposed. Lake Michi
gan will overflow to the Illinois River, as
it did centuries ago In the last preglacial
period; the basin of Lake Erie will be
I tributary to Lake Huron, the current will;
be reversed in the Detroit and the St.
Clair channels, and the whole lake system
will drain southward into the Mississippi.
Then Niagara will vanish. From a ma
jestic cataract the falls will/dwindle to
a few threads of water falling over a
precipice," as may be seen In the summer
season in the upper falls of the Genesee at
Rochester. All that they will carry will
be the drainage of : t;he immediate neigh
borhood, v;.;. - /'"' '¦ " r U .
..- There isn't 'any occasion for alarm for
the present, however, for all-this will take
place in from 2000 to 3000 years from now,
anu many things may happen before then.
Also, as/It is extremely unlikely that the
elixir of life will, be discovered in this gen
eration, nobody now "; alive need j worry '
niuch about it. But , that is what the
great lake system is pending" to, as is set
forth in an interesting "Guide to the Ge
ology and Paleontology of Niagara Falls
and Vicinity," by Professor Amadeus W.
Grabau, S. D., of Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute, arranged and" published In most
complete form by John M. "¦ Clarke, the
S.tate paleontologist, -as a bulletin of the
New. York State -.Museum. '-' : ''?;¦ ,'
'•.The- book, . which is handsomely; IHus-'
trated with photographic plates, has been
prepared, so Mr. Clarke says lir'a brief
preface, with the .especial purpose of .af
fording to visitors to Buffalo during the
season of the Pan-American Exposition. a
guide. In their tours through; this -region,
\ renowned for its scenic features and class
ic in its geology. '', The ground has been the
subject' of a multitude of scientific treat
ises, but in no single place'bef ore has their
general 'purport been' ' brought vtogether,
and Mr. Clarke thinks that they cannot
fail to prove serviceable' to. a /large ele-'
ment of the public. .•,';.. . '.'.''-.> ''..-.' '..
It will be from" 500" to 600 years before the
tendency of the lakes to a new drainage
, bed >s pla'nly manifested! according to the
| authorities cited Y by Professor :Grabau.
, The rising of the waters of Lake Michigan
I at ; : present | is at »the fate* of ; nine or • ten
inches a century. 'The first water to over
flow will be that at \ some high stage of
the lake and the discharge may at first
be intermittent. For a mean lake stage
such a discharge will begin in about 100)
years, but after 1500 years there will be" no
interruption. ; . . . / •
In abflut 2000 years the Illinois Riveriand
the Niagara will carry equal »shares of the
surplus water of the great • lakes, and in
?500 years for certain*, there will be . no
Niagara.. ¦ " - • ."/•
That is if man. In the shape of the
. United States Government, does not inter
fere. The shoaling'of Lake Erie at Cleve
land and at othei* points on the Ohio shore
has already given cause for alarm,, and
the stoppage cf this natural movement, in
the general drainage system of the lakes,
.which is attributed to the gradual tilting
of the land in the northwest, has been se
riously considered. '..-">..'
* The plan proposed to stop the tendency
is to erect an immense dam in the Niag
: ara River above Buffalo,' with the object
of checking and eventually, decreasing the
outflow. It is argued that' this would not
greatly decrease the power of Niagara,
now valuable; but there are authorities
who contend that this argument is absurd
and the plan is opposed on. that account, g
I ' This tilting of the territory in the
Northwest is a curious phenomenon, for
which the 'geologists .cannot wholly ac
c6unt. It is plainly recorded , in . the
beaches of the j old ' glacial lakes, which
had; a uniform elevation while forming,
but now are no longer of a uniform height
above the sea level, rising progressively
. toward the northeast. The movement is
.still going on. '-•>•" 7 . — - ;
Professor G. K. Gilbert has made an ex
tended study of the problem, and he, has
been led to the assumption that the whole
lake region is being lifted on. one side or
• depressed on the other, so that' its plane
is> bodily/canted toward the south-south
-west.; The rate of change, he estimates,
' is. such .that the two ends of a. line 100
miles long and lying in a south-southwest
direction, are relatively displaced to , the
•extent of four-tenths of a foot in- a cen
tury. From this it T follows that the waters
of? each lake are gradually rising on the
southern and western shores or falling on
Uhe* northern- and eastern shores* or both.
Niagara Falls came into existence when
. the I waters .= of ' Lake Iroquois, which ¦ In
( age's ' long past was the; ; predecessor' of
"Lake Ontario, fell beneath the leveFof the
I escarpment at ; Lewistoh. At first the falls
-were, only a small cataract, ; but - year by
year v as .the llake subsided the cataract
gained in height and consequently in. force
of 'fall, as well as efficiency in cutting "its
channel. , The Niagara gorge' from Lowis
ton to the present falls, is_ believed to be
wholly the product of river erosion. ; . ."
Before the advent of the falls the Ni
agara was a placid. stream from lake to
lake much as it is to-day from Buffalo
to the northern end of Grand Island. It
cut shallow banks into' the glacial till
and their traces are seen now some
places a mile back from the edge of the
gorge which the falls have since cut.
It has been patiently cutting that gorge
for thousands of years, how many the
geologists cannot tell, but they place
the total at not less than 10,000 or more
than 50,000. One "geologist. Professor
Hitchcock, puts the beginning . of the
great cataract of 1025 B. C, which is 30)
years before the time of Romulus, : or
about the period in which King David
reigned in Jerusalem.
As long as a river Is narrow and vig
orously undercuts Its banks the latter will
be steep and the river channel will have
the 'character of a gorge. This continues
as long as the river is cutting downward,
that is, till'; the grade or the *river bot
tom is a. very gentle _pne. Then the
spreading of the current undercuts the
banks, -and atmospheric, degradation
quickly destroys the cliffs,' which the
river does not keep perpendicular. Niag
ara gorge changes ;greatly even in a cen
tury, Before the. falls the river flows in
a channel in places only ten feet wide and
100 feet below the level of the platform,
which was its bed a century ago.
There is a theory that only >: a part, the
southern or latter part of the gorge. of
the whirlpool rapidsrwas carved by .the
Niagara, the volume of which was at one
time reduced by the buried St. David's
gorge, since swept away in a glacial pe
riod, and that the greatest half of ,the
gorge was preglacial. All the authorities
agree, however, that the broad and deep
gorge "from Clifton , to the present falls
was made by a cataract carrying the full
supply of water. This, which geologists
say Is the most readily, interpreted part
of the gorge, has now corner to an end at
the present falls, and the-character of the
channel hereafter can: only .be con
jectured. *
.-. Niagara, it seems, is; now at a critical
stage. • The river has reached the second
of the points where a rectangular turn la
made, and the gorge behind the falls Is
changing. .. A short , canal,
narrower than that of. the last section, is
being cut by : the Horseshoe fall, and that
fall itself ti . narrowing. This narrowness
of the channel is due to the* concentration
of water in the- center of ; the stream.
Goat Island, : which divides . the Horse
shoe from the ; American fall, and the
other islands as well, owes its existence
tp this concentration of the water, for at
one time all of these inlands were sub
merged by. the _ current." The channel
above the Horseshoe fall has been cut to
more than fifty feet below the summit of
Goat Island at the falls, while tha upper
• end of the island is still at the level of
J the water in the river. The effect will be
that the island as an island In time will
disappear.
It lies on one side of the main mass of
water which, rushing forward., passes it
and strikes the * Canadian bank, from
which it is deflected toward the center of
the cataract, that portion being thus
deepened and worn back most rapidly, as
may be observed from the upper walks of
the Canadian park, where In many cases
the shores have been ballasted and other
wisaproteeted from the current.
In an earlier period, when the falls were
farther north and before the central part
of the stream had been deepened to It3
present extent, the water, then at the lev
el of the river above Goat Island, flooded
what is now Queen Victoria Park and
carved, from the glacial hill the pro
nounced concave wall which now bounds
the park on the west. A local eddy, prob
ably in very recent times, carved the steep
and semi-circular cliff which Incloses the
Dufferin Islands.
In 1000 years from now and at the pres
ent rate of recession of the falls it is cal
culated by the geologists, whose views are
set forth by Professor Grabau. that the
Horseshoe Falls will have reached the up
per end of Goat Island, and that will end
the American Falls. These having a
I smaller erosive force will have receded
only' about half way to the Goat Island
bridge in that time. The Horseshoe Falls*
will draw off the water from the Ameri
can Falls, and all of the-lslands will 'then
be joined by a dry channel to the main
land, an event which. Professor Grabau
say?, was anticipated only as far back as
. 1848. when owing to an ice blockade in the
Niagara River^iear Buffalo the American
Falls wa3 deprived of all its water for a
day. Should a dam be built in the Niagara
River the effect might be the same.
This is not the first time in the history
of Niagara that the falls .have been di
vided. Long ago. when the falls were at
Fosters Flats, almost seven miles below
their present situation, it is supposed- that
a narrow island, comparable to Goat- Isl
and, in the river bed cut the falls In two.
The foundations of the island, which has
since crumbled away, are to be seen in
the ridge which divides the old dry chan
nel on the left from the main bed of tHe
river. ' • • ,
The eastern or American fall was in this
case the larger of the two. and -as it. car
ried the channel it receded more rapid lv
When the Canadian fall reached the head
of the island the American . had Just
passed it, and the Canadian fall fell but
of the race. So history is only repeatinz
itself now in Niagara... -;" ,-.,.,,**
, The history, physical geography, eeolojrv
and paleontology of .the Niagara -region
are dealt with in the greatest detail in the
new book of the State museum. It-'con
- tains many plates, a large colored map
and possibly more of interesting scientific
data of the region. than has ever before
been brought together.— New York Suru
. W-CSEPH LE CONTE. deud and b-r.eJ,"
I wept, honored and his praises sung'
).y ¦ by all .who knew- him, . "will , hold "a
f%J firm place in the memories of all
/ who-came under the influence of his
. sterling personality.. It was his person
ality,, after all,, that made him revered
and beloved by students and the compan
ions of his youth and old age.
That he was a great scientist no one
doubts, but it is not for«that alone that
California mourns his loss.
He was a ma.ri so simple in nature, so
genial and warm in' temperament and so
Infectiously good that his personality was
truly irresistible. ': The man's ' scientific
value", which was always of a positive and
big quantity, was submerged: "by ; this
charmi and, it: was "Prof. Joe," ,the man,
that was"; the object :cf affection, and rev
erence.)-- ••¦'»¦ ¦';'¦. ~'" z^'*~' - ../'• : ¦;¦>"¦*. •' ]•. ¦ /-•;..'.;
Love r for,this gray-_halfed scientist grew
to be a,cult..at{ Berkeley. -. Not oniy the
students, but^the .townspeople, ¦ felt* his.
presence, and he was a~ mark of esteem,
respect and affection for all classes. While
"sociable and light in spirit, he did not en-'
tertain or care to entertain, yet he seemed
to enjoy all social functions In which he
took part. In Berkeley Lo* Conte had two
very. close frienfis— John''Garber, foremost •
of Western lawyers, and George Howison,
whose philosophy has raised more than
one" storm in the quiet, peaceful shades of
the university town. ¦ ,. ."..
These three men would come together
on many,; occasions, arid all with* different
views of life, systems of ethics and cosmic
philosophy, would talk the oil out of the
lamps. -Howison never, would or could
agree with Le Omte's system of ethics.
Close and sound -in their friendship, they
were often at swords' points over matters
of theoretical philosophy. U
Tt has been said of Howison that as
' ch as he loves his friends he will put
"them on' the grill whenever Intellects
cia.sh. And # many an Interesting side lec
ture has been delivered (fn the rooms at
the university by Howison on Le Conte
and Le Conte .on Howisoh. / A favorite
scheme of the students was to visit Pro
. fessor Le Conte soon after a lecture by
Howison' and ask for his opinion. or views
on this and that philosophical point
educed by the nominated teacher of phil
osophy, at the university. Then "Prof.
Joe" - would straighten himself up and
with characteristic outward gesture and
¦a smile that played incessantly upon hit.
r :ne old countenance he would launch
forth in an .'explanation or accounting
that proved, at least to himself the abso
lute, right of his own philosophy. Le
Cont'e treated his antagonist with the
greatest respect and deference, even
showing consideration for his theories. of
ethics.'. Not so with Howisoh. . When the
same students would come to him with a
bit cf Le Conte there was a general dam
nation after a tribute to the man. Of.aU
the good and just things said of Le Conte,
the eulogies and the panegyrics, perhaps
none will equal the few'words spoken how
and then by George Howison in the class
rooms—always previous to a slaughter of
Le Conte's ethical theories.'
V Old as Professor Le Conte was, he would
never acknowledge physical weakness.
Even to the last regular course of lec
tures he delivered at the university , he
would mount a ladder, tack up his charts
and during his lectures he- would stand
with pointer in hand, ever ready and ac
tive. ' Once about eight years ago a stu
dent''offered to assist him in the. hanging
of charts bn^the blackboard. His offer
was a bit ".gruffly— declined.
Professor Davidson tells a story* about Le
Conte's ' pride in his own physical yigbr.
The two were walking through the col
lege grounds, when Professor Davidson
unconsciously lifted his arm to lighten the
labor of his friend's steps. Le Conte dis
played his dislike for such assistance im
mediately by .drawing away just far
enough to separate himself from his com
panion."
Professor Le. Conte was an exceedingly
.temperate- man— in thought, manner and
daily action— though by no means an
ascetic. : He enjoyed life and all things
that go .with it. "Whether in the valleys
or the mountains, at the seaside or in the
fields, he found much to fasten his mind
upon. They were. not cold dust or rock
or so much water to him. Le Conte was
nothing if not imaginative and poetic in
everything he has done .or said. In the
Yosemite he lost sight two hours>ut of
every three, of the geological values. The
natural beauty. appealed to him. and somo
of his descriptions of the valley are- .most
beautiful and genuinely valuable from a
literary standpoint. • „
As a bit of imagination coupled -with
science his students In comparative zool
ogy will remember Le Conte's description
of a glass of champagne. To this scien
tist the peculiar power and fascination of
the gurgling wine was due to the fact that
It appealed directly to" four senses. •
The description f went . something Ilka
this: "The molten amberiike liqGid, with
its myriads of crystal bubbles rising from
the depths, its delicious flavor holding the
tongue in. a charm .that knows no break-'
Ing, the savor arising to the nostrils and
picturing olfactory images as beautiful in
their way as anything that appeals to th»
eye; all these make champagne. It Is the
nectar, the ambrosia of the sublunar
world." " , ' .
If champagne meant so much to the old
scientist he showed a temperateness that
was astounding. He rarely drank more
than a single glass of wine at a dinner or
even at t a. banquet, and whenever asked
to fill his glass again would always reply
by saying that he -enjoyed the flrst so
much and so satisfactorily that he did
not care to clog and sicken his appetite
with more. " '
His partial abstinence from tobacco was
equally •well sustained. It is doubtful if
many of his friends have ever seen him
smoke, yet he indulged on occasions .' in a
short cigarette. "When handed a cigar
ette one evening at a banquet he uncon
sciously took it, but realizing in a mo
ment that he did something foreign to his
habits laid it down on the ; table. To a
question Le Conte replied: . "Oh, yes, I
smoke, but only before going Into the lec
ture room, and then I roll myself a cigar
ette. "It does me a whole lot of good.
Why, I smoke as much as a quarter of a
pound of tobacco every year." <
Banqueting Professor Le Conte was a
hobby with his friends. Scientific and lay
societies made him the guest of many a
special dinner. As an after dinne'r speaker
he always happy in his remarks,
never attempting the eloquent. His very
individuality, precluded bombast or falsa
rhetoric. When his subject was to his lik
ing he fell right into it with a dash and
vigor that were surprising to his auditors,
but he never cared to display any "of his
talents in after dinner speaking. He pre
ferred to listen, and he was a good
listener. '
Soon after his return from Europe In
the fall of 1S92 the University Club of this
city gave a banquet in his honor and
gathered around . the club' boards 'was
every man of educational or scientinc
nots in the city at the time. Professor
Muir, famous as a geologist and particu
larly as a discoverer of glaciers, was
called upon and naturally the cry of gla
ciers went up.. Professor Muir spoke of
glacial action In general and indications
of it in the Yosemite Valley. To this Le
Conte interposed an objection. When ho
was called upon to speak he said that he
would reluctantly admit of Tosemite gla
ciers, but "after all it was a poor, little,
miserable dwarf of a glacier and shouldn't
be taken into account with the bis ones
with small names."
WllII OHIO." •»»">¦¦" . •'
Le Conte's work -where science and re
ligion cross was what endeared him to the
church going people and made him an
evolutionist of an odd though strong
type. . He believed In evolution as an un
deniable fact and all his scientific work
takes this as a fundamental basis for
elaboration. It was doctrinal, sdentlflo
gospel' to -him. Butyls beliefs In evolu*
tion went hand in hand with a stronger
belief Christianity. Amons his friends
he numbered severaT who stood on a plat
form" of agnosticism and even atheism.
Thew say that Professor- X* Conta's
ethical labors rested upon an endless
struggle to reconcile Christianity with
evolution and they hint at the severity of
the task. Like Faraday, tha ereat Eng
lish scientist, Le Conte was swept with
a tidal wave of faith— an overpowering
and Irresistible faith In the biblical teach
ings as relating to the cardinal principles
of Christianity. The story of Faraday
¦was often repeated by L.e> Conte — that
¦when ho went to church he was over
whelmed with faith. Science then, was
forgotten* for the tlmo/S. .¦; .',
There 13 hardly any likelihood that.an
other professor will take Le Conte's placa
In the heart of the student body. They
say at the University of California that
the classes since his active days showed
as great a respect and affection for the
old scientist as those who felt the direct
power of his teaching. And Le Conte was
not proof against this reverence on the
part of. students. He liked appreciation.*
It warmed .his soul and brought Joy to his
heart. When on his seventieth birthday
the student body decorated hl3 classroom
with flowers the tears rolled out of the
old teacher's eyes and he responded in a
way that brought gulp3 to the throats of
some of the students. After that the
decoration of" Le Conte's room on an
niversaries became a custom.
One of "Professor Joe's" bosom friends
was George Davidson, eminent on this
coast as the head of the Coast - Survey.
Professor Davidson tells this story: "It
was no uncommon matter for Joe to drop
Into my office about 3 o'clock In the after
noon and find me busy at work.* He would
express astonishment at the fact that I
was so. persistent and steady at the desk.
I in. turn would ask him how he man
aged to finish his, dally work so easily.
Then, In his Inimitable way. he would use
a philosophy of the economy of labor and
prove to both of us that the best work
is accomplished, not by constant devotion,
but a wise discretion and a husbanding
of physical strength."
It was this same Georsre Davidson that
was called upon to welcome "Joe" La
Conte upon hl3 return from abroad. The
whole tone of his speech sounded the per
sonality of the. man and left science to
take care of itself. So it always was with
those who had the pleasure of Intercourse,
with Professor Le Conte. They forgot
the work of the man and felt only the In
fluence of a personality that 'will last as
long: as memory endures.
. ¦ • -. - - -- r ¦ ¦. .<-¦.-. ;-,- N
; ;/ THE SUNDAY CAI/L.;
2
STORIES OF LE CONTE-PHILOSOPHER.' It's no use to cling to your qualms, how
ever, for you soon find that everybody
takes the trails, and you are strictly not
in it If you don't. It Is this prevailing
The trips all take about a day, for they
are made very slowly, very carefully. As
you look up from the floor of_the valley
at the perpendicular walls on every side
you feel that it would be impossible to
reach the dizzy height above. To trust
yourself on the back of an animal in such
a place looks like, sheer foolhardiness.
Thousands and thousands of people have
trailed on the animals that belong to that
firm. They are the only ones to trail on,
for the firm hafc. the concession, which
gives them the monopoly, with the re
striction that they do not charge an un
due price for the/ use of animals. I That
not undue price is $3 per day.
He hunted up a partner. That partner
was Coffman. Together they have been
In the business ever since 1880.
for themselves and to look out ror the
risky places themselves, no matter who
was on their backs.
He saw a future ahead In the trailing
business. Visitors to the wonder country
were growing more and more numerous.
In time, he argued, they would come In
crowds, they would be there by tire hun
dreds and the business of carrying them
on the long, steep trails whither their un
quenchable curiosity was always leading
them would be a business that would take
all of one man's time to attend to.
Besides all that, he Uked the brute3 and
he had a knack with them, too. They
took kindly enough to the steep places
when he was driving them, and they
didn't get used up as soon as with other
people. _ He knew how ¦ to save their
strength. .
He knew how to teach them to do this
youngster of only 15. He worked In the
F.a<JdIe train that belonged to Washburn
and McReady in the first years of his liv
ing there, but he had too many Ideas of
his own to be satisfied with work-ins' for
anybody very long. He was getting us««I
to the business of trailing by that time
and he wanted to keep on with it.
G«orge Kenney went to that country
thirty-five jears ago, when he was a
THERE is v man up In the Yosemlte
who has been training mule3 for
thirty-five years.
He says that training mules Is a
profitable business, too. And if you
listen to his figures you will think like
wise For although these 400 beasts upon
whom he depends for a livelihood work
only three months In the year, they earn
in those three months anywhere in the
neighborhood of $1300 a day. Now If- they
earn $1200 a day for three months, or
ninety days. It appears that their total
earnings will be $108,000. which is rather
a neat Income for mules.
Half of them are horses, but it's all the
came thing. For the horses do a mule's
work. They are the beasts that do the
trailing In the Tosemite, and they are
kept bo busy during the tourist season
that they can well afford to loaf during
the long months when the Yosemlte Is
left to the hotel-keepers and t>» stage
drivers and the glides.
¦ "I wouldn't take a plain-bred horse for
the work. They never can learn the busi
ness and learn.it well. I want mountain
raised horses for this business— horses
that are used to . feeling, loose bowlders
slip under their , feet and to ; looking' over
edges that would make other animals diz
zy, and. to plodding up grades that would
use up all - the wind v of - any untrained
"I'll tell you the secret of having no ac
cidents," he said the other day. ¦'"It all
comes of using picked and trained moun
tain horses. I never use any other kind.*
"That don't matter," Kenney always re
assures him. "Most likely you'll do better
than the people who are up to too many
fancy tricks of riding. Sometimes : that
kind of ' folks gets into , trouble on these
roads, but no tenderfoot ever does if he
sits still and lets the horse; run the busi
ness. ' ; .' : '. - v ¦ ' ¦'. ,
When the traveler starts out he. fancies
that he can't make .the trail if he. is not
a horseman. - . - . . ~~ .
fashion, thl3 social compulsion put upon
trailing, that has made such a big suc
cess of the business. Everybody has to
trail; whether he Is afraid or not, whether
he is used to horses or not. And, as a
matter of fact, there has never been an
accident with Kenney's mules in all these
thirty odd years.
There are five main trails In the To
semite—Eagle | Peak trail. Clouds' Rest,
Vernal and Nevada Falls, Glacier Point
and Dewey. • You can't really see' the Yo
femlte unless you see it from every on«
of these, for the views shift, like those of
a quick stereopticon,. and all of the im
pressions are different. Eagle Peak, the
highest, is a good deal'over 4000 feet.
"Every year there have to be new ani
mals bought, because the , old ones are
now and giving out, 'and also be
cause the ; business ; is all the time on a
big Increase. So we hold a school for
them and they are well educated horses
and mules 'before we let them graduate.
Day after day the newly chosen ones "are
taken out to .the trails; and put through
their paces."', Practice makes them per
fect. \ Before they are ¦ ready, for the usa
of strangers they know every step of
every one of the" five trails, and there
is no possibility of their making a mis
step. They learn, too, how to save them-
."The -chosen half are then put to -work
in dead earnest. They must be thorough
ly ; taught their business. This training
process is carried on. by the way, In the
nine off months of the. year, and It takes
up a great part of the time, bo you see I
don't have much chance to Idle. " t -'-A.
"After testing it , generally turns , out
that only half of the animals are fit for
the work." The rest are discarded— too
slippery of toot, too" weak in endurance or
too skittish. An average of half that we
try are fit to be kept. •
"All our animals are gentle and well
broken before we buy them. We see to
that all right. First thing I do with a
new horse is to take it Into the valley and
start It on the easiest trail. I have it
work up to the hardest one by degrees,
letting the guides test the enduring quali
ties with great care. This testing process
takes from one to three weeks. We don't
feel sure of any animal before that, and
we have to know them through and
through before we turn'them over to in
experienced riders.
"It depends altogether oh the beasts
how 'long they- will wear on the trails. "* I
have some now that have been at it for
ten and twelve seasons and are of the
best now. Others, started at the same
time, gave out Ions ago. Horses average
selves. This comes only with experience.
In the first place— In fact, for the first
year or two of training— the animals show
a great inclination to hurry. It is ihelr
impulse to try to reach the top as aoon
as possible. If the top meant rest for
them this might do, but for their hard
lives, where reaching their goal means
only to turn back and retrace their path,
they must learn to economize-., their
strength. "We find them doing this after
a year or. two of the work. Then you will
find them wise horses; they will start out
on the trail slowly, as if weary, as if every
step were their last; they will be breath
ing hard, puffing; and when they finally
reach the top they • will surprise the
anxious tourists on their Dacks by start
ing. back in the best of spirits, looking
fresher than when they began the day.
VYou . notice that I have both horses
and mules. That is for the purpose of
pleasing everybody. There Is an old
theory that mules are the more sure-foot
ed. For myself. I don't believe it. I'd
rather have a horse anytime. /It." is Just
as sure-footed and far less vexing to ride.
"That Is, a mountain-raised . horse,
which is the only kind we ever buy.". As
I said,' there's no use getting one which
has been raised on the plains. It"; has
never been used to climbing. - We buy the
mountain ', animals and 'we have to pay
more for them, but they are a "good deal
more than worth the difference. *.
the way— with larger parties It Is custom
ary to send one guide to lead and another
to ¦ follow. • During the Christian En
deavor- convention there were such
crowds for six days that all the horses ob
tainable were in constant use. As many
as 135 people were sent out In a single
party on the long trail and a guide was
allowed for every ten. Even then there
was not a single accident, not so much
as the least trouble with girths or cinches.
Kenney says they made a funny sight.
"Some had been told that the heat on the
trails was oppressive, others that the cold
in the snow-topped mountains was bit
ter, so the lot of. them started out in the
greatest collection of costumes you ever
saw. Some were- bundled In furs. Others
were dressed In the thinnest summer fab
rics and carried ' Japanese umbrellas.' My
guides wear a sort of Mexican riding cos
tumes, so the whole string looked : like
some sort of a carnival . parade." ..
- .Kenney's mules and horses are not only
trained to trail work, but many of them
have specialties • besides. One old mule
named Pinto is always given to the kodak
fiends. He has been used to this par
ticular line of work for years and .there
isn't a point from which a picture can be
taken to advantage that Pinto doesn't
know.' • He can get into difficult places
as. no 'other animal can.' Moreover he
stands stock still while the picture is be
ing taken and moves at the pressing of
the button. .
Pinto won't last forever, ¦ Kenney says.
And then what will the kodak fiends do?
trails. -. .
With small parties one guide Is sent out
to look after saddles as well as to show
to the days of '51.
As a rule, the mules are given to men
and the horses to women. Mules are bet
ter on heavy loads. "When Ke%ney made
mention of this fact, he bethought htm of
a story concerning a heavyweight.
"Years ago we had a white mars
named Dolly Varden." he. said. "She;
made a reputation for herself as a first
class trail animal and for a while there
were half a dozen tourists a day asking
for her. I wanted to please them all, so
fiurlng the rush time I had to name eev
eral horses in my train Dolly Varden. As
long as they were all white it worked all
right.
"One day a strapping, big man cams up
here; must have weighed 250 easy. Ha
wanted Dolly Varden— said his friend
McKay had told him to rid© no other.
Now the original Dolly Varden was not
good at heavy loads, nor were any of her
white namesakes. I decided to take a
chance on his not having been told the
color of McKay's favorite.
"One of my guides was standing with
an old iron gray truck horse. The ani
mal had long ago given up trailing and
had been hauling rock3 in the valley, lc
was the only beast X knew of that could
manage the load In view.
'• 'Certainly, you shall have Dolly, sir,"
I said and I called the guide. 'Here,
Mike, I said. Hake Dolly Varden thera
and - saddle her up for this gentleman.
He's a friend of McKay's.'
"Jumbo was the brute's real name, but
neither he nor Mike ever told the truth.
Mike was wise all rignt. He and Mc-
Kay's friend started up the trail.
"In the evening the big man came to my
desk. He looked tired.
" 'I say/ Kenney/ he said. the. brute did
falrlv well, but between you and me I
don't think McKay i3 much of a Judge o£
horseflesh.' " • » -• *
The harness of the animals is carefully
arranged * for the climbing. There are
forward -and rear girths, which prevent
the saddle slipping either way. Other
wise it would be hard to stay on the backs
of the horses in the steepest parts of the
more years* wear than mules.—
Everybody who trails . rides istridflw
That is one of Kenney's rules and every
body- who breaks It does ao at her own
risk. Kenney believes that accidents are
Impossible to any one riding astride, but
he has a dread of side- saddles. Now and
then some obstinately modest lady has In
sisted upon the Bide saddle, and he has
produced one, the only one, that ho has,
which Is a historical affair dating: back
THE SUNDAY CALL.
TRAINING MULES FOR THE VOSEMITE RAILS
3¦ 'He gives a graphic character sketch of
AguJnaldo and his surroundings; tells of
the. fierce tribes of savage, | including: the
Ifugaos, Gaddanes,' Apayoas/ Tagolas and
the fierce Ilongottes, -the, most cruel and
warlike of all savages in the archipelago.
Most' Interesting is. the description of the
. Paymaster Wilcox and his little party
made a. circuit of the island, visiting na
tives in their homes and savages amidst
their haunts, so that he had ample oppor
tunity, to make, a j careful observation of
just those. things .which are of vast in
terest.* •¦-.¦ ¦ ', ¦ "
. "Through Luzon on Highways and By
ways," by Willis Bliss Wilcox, paymaster
United States navy, is a careful study of
the people and topography of the Philip
pines by an officer who was afforded every
assistance by .army and navy officials.
He also succeeded In -^obtaining a verbal
promise from, the -famous Filipino leader,
Aguinaldo.
The next play to appear will be "King
Lear," and. the subsequent volumes will
be issued at short Intervals. (Demi Svo,
cloth; price, per volume, $1 25.)
Through Luzon on Highways and
• • ' Byways.
Edward Dowden was born in Cork, May
3, 1843; was educated by private teachers
and at Trinity College, Dublin; obtained
in Trinity College the vice chancellor's
prizes in English verse and English prose;
was elected president of the University
Philosophical Society and gained the first
senior moderatorship in mental and moral
philosophy 1863. He studied during two
years in the Divinity School, but did not
take orders; gained by examination the
professorship of oratory and was elected
professor of English literature at the age
of 23. Always much ; attracted by tho
study of Shakespeare, Professor Dowden
published in 1875 his first book on th? sub
ject, . entitled "Shakespeare, His Mind
and Art,". which ls now in. Its twelfth edi
tion and has been translated into Italian
and German. He was vice president of
the new Shakespearean- Society and was
awarded the Cunningham gold medal for
his Shakespearean studies. He condensed
the results of much of his research into
his Shakespeare primer, of which over
100,000 copies have .been circulated, and
edited "Shakespeare's Sonnets"' with
notes and a preliminary study. ¦
"quality" and not \ to "quantity." Dur
ing the last year they have Issued not
many books, but all good books; in fact,
many of them, in fiction, have been the
best books of the day. It. Is plain to be
seen from these two plays of Shakes
peare that mark the , beginning of th'id
contemplated series that Bowen-Merrill
are preparing ; to add another laurel to
those already gained. They could not
have done better than tq choose Mr. Dow
den as editor of this edition.
"General Meade," : by Isaac R. Penny
packer, is a new volume in the ..Great
Commanders Series, edited ; by General
James Grant "Wilson. This discriminat
ing, compact and interestlng^study of tho
victor of | Gettysburg forms one . of the
most important volumes in this success
ful series of military biographies. The
career which the author traces ls one of
singular consequence, including, as it did.
the experiences of the Mexican war and
service as -brigade commander in 1861, the
vicissitudes of the" Peninsular campaign
and the arduous responsibilities! of divi
sion commander at 'Antietam, : corps com
mander at Fredericksburg and the com
mand of the Army of the Potomac at
General Meade.
A. M. Robertson, the San Francisco
publisher, will publish some books this
season that are sure to take their place
among the best literature of the day. The
first one to be issued will be "The Dead
Calypso and Other Verses," by Louis A.
Robertson. About the same time will ap
pear a book of verses with stunning* Jap
anese illustrations in red and black by
Miss Helen Hyde. Miss Hyde's work in
this line is so ¦well and favorably known
it' Is safe to prophesy that unless Mr. Rob
ertson has a very large first edition in
contemplation he would better arrang«
forthwith for the immediate issuance of
a second to follow this first. Charles
Keeler, so well known as a student of bird
life and a writer of remarkably sympa
thetic verses, is also to have a book of
poems published by Mr. Robertson. Prob
ably the most remarkable goem of the
year was one reviewed in The Call of re
cent date, "The Lion at the "Well." by
Lionel Josephare. Mr. Josephare will also
issuea small volume of poems. Some of
these are said to be even superior to "The
Lion at the Well." One volume of excep
tional and unique interest to be | issued
later by Mr. Robertson is a book by
Charles ."Warren Stoddard of reminiscences
of his boyhood in San Francisco. It is a
compliment to us of the Pacific Coast that
Mr. Stoddard wished his book "to -see 'the
light of day through a San Francisco pub
lishing house— once a vCalifornian always
a Calif ornian. '
The value of the work has been recog
nized by. Admiral Dewey, who states In a
letter to. the Navy Department that he
considers it the most complete and valu
able information obtainable in regard to
the northern part of Luzon Island. (Pub
lished by the Franklin Book Company,
Philadelphia. Price $1 25.)
Seme Pacific Coast Announcements.
of L,uzon, outlining the route of Pay
master Wilcox, and designating all Im
portant points in that land where thou
sands of. the soldiers of the United States
are gathering in the stubborn, insurrec
tionary Filipino.
Mr. MacGrath's friends rejoice with him in his success, for he is a
very popular young man. He is a good story-teller, an entertaining talk
er and an expert listener, though a little deaf. He is modest and unas
suming, simple in his tastes and unaffected in his dress and bearing. He
knows a sweet briar pipe when he sees it and a good "cup of sack" when
he tastes it. He has another novel in his head," but declines to talk shop.
For years he was a reporter, contributing occasional verse. Then
the Syracuse Herald gave him a column every day in which to be both
poet and humorist. While at this easy job he wrote his first long story.
Every one that read it liked it, but unfortunately only a comparatively
few read it. His English blood served him well in this crisis. Calm and
unafraid, he sat down to write another. "The Puppet Crown" was the
result. It is finding that great army of readers which his first book
missed.
Mr. MacGrath was born. in. Syracuse, HT. ,Y. His father was an Irish
man, his mother of English parent age. - The son inherited the dominant
traits -of .both, v races-^Vit"and the love of a "scrap" from his" father, and
. ani imperturbable i* "determination: fro m his/mother. - He begun to write.be-,
he could tead.-^yersincatidni^i ade its early appeal to him, and many
magazine editoVs jb'ecame familiar with Harold MacGrath'snameif their
subscribers did not. After his school days he, traveled and for a year or
two contemplated various professions, hesitating which one to enliven
with' his presence. However, fate hs.d him well in hand and there was no
escape. It was foreordained that he must scratch for a living. Which
should it be^— a novelist, a journalist, a humorist, or just a rhymester?
Unable to choose, he became all four.
Harold yWacGr*a£f%
young men of America are making large contributions to' the
I day's literature. The author of "The Puppet Crown" is one of them.
Yet he, is not an infant prodigy. He has written much and he has
lived much.
GET a copy of "The Abandoned
Farmer," by Sydney H. Preston,
and read it. Alter the purpose
novels, and the historical novels.
nnd the books on the Boer war. and the
¦works on the Chinese trouble, and all the
irst of 'hem— ycu will find this book as
rlendng ns a cold drink, a large fan and
a J^arnmock on a hot day.
Mr. | Preston -writes humor pure and
simple. Thpro is no effort at horseplay,
no stralniiiK for funny effects, no "jaugh
every mirute": but th?re Is good, whole
pome, bright fun all th* way through. He
eugzests rather than expounds. Ht. gets
your imagination on the right courso and
rcu find ss rrsiich fun between the lines
8F 'r the matter itself.
Thc-r»* :s enousrh progression in the little
pfory thnt weaves though the whole to
lift th<? book well above the order of con
riertt-c ehort sketches and yet there is no
effort at plot-following. Jt is a good lazy
book to nad or a rjuiot. lazy day. *
Of chrrrcrters there sire not many. Mr.
Henry Carton ct first writer of music and
drama and later editor of a page en »g
ricultcre, tells his troubles himself. His
vcitd. Marion, plays an advisory part,
while Paul. h:s small boy. helps cut at
critical moments by either "howling" or
expi es sir.? the wrong sentiment at the
wrrong time ami in the presence of "ccm
pany.7 i ¦; •.
Mr. Carton !s a T-ity man who has the
city m£.n'f= cr?7.c to try farm life. An ex-
c\is« comes through the legitimate cliah
nH of a physician's advice. The doctor
advise? that Paul be given a few years in
Ihe country. Carton is eager to take all
h:s monpy out of the bank at once and
lay in a large supply of farming machinery
and buy jive stork, but his wife limits
him to a "hoe. rake and shovel."
Mrs. Carton is firm and succeeds be
cayse to hring him to time she has only
to hold up her husband's money-making
venture whf>n h» lost a -tew hundred on
mining stocks. Moreover, she quotes what
Aunt Sophy has to sayV "*¦ ,_^ . /• '.
Aunt Sophy says that all men"wt»o havpn't
been brought up on a farm are attackeS'b'y^an
insane belief, at some period of their livesi
that they can make money by farming. She
rays T"ncle Philip had made S100.000 In the groc
ery business when he retired and bought a
farm. She implored him not to do it. but he
persisted, saying there was heaps of money
In farmina If properly managed, and he could
run a farm on business principles and make
It rsy. But when he died she found he had
left only J40.0TO for her to live on. and she Is
convinced that if he hadn't been taken away
so suddenly she would have been altogether
pennies. Poor Aunt Sophy! She weeps more
over thst money than over Uncle Philip, and
the worst of It is that some semi-religious
nnvel she has read has unsettled her old-fash
ioned ideas about heaven so that she ls afraid
that when her turn comes she will find him at
5t again. The thought has hardened her so
that I shouldn't be surprised if she married old
Mr. Fairman and renounced Uncle Philip.
Haring settled tho question as to how
extensive th«ir farming operations shall
be, they hie them forth to the courtry to
look up a farm. They find a place for
rent that is Just the one to suit them, and
meet with an idventure at the same time.
The introduction to their future landlord
is startling:
We had stopped to look down the entrance
to a large underground roothouse. the door of
which was open, when from the Inside came a
euccesElon of feeble groans. There was a heap
of bags in the doorway, and In an instant I
realised what had happened: that some man
had been overcome by the poisonous gases that
gather In pits where vegetables are stored.
I am not one who rashly plunges into dan
ger without weighing the consequences, so I
¦didn't- bravely lose my life by rushing into the
pit In the vain attempt to carry another man
out. for I saw there were several good reasons
against such a course. First. I knew that I
couldn't carry a man anywhere under the
most favorable conditions; second. I couldn't
bear to think cf the shock to Marion if she
should become a widow; third, it was perfectly
clear to me that If I remained in the roothouse
Marion would attempt to save me, then Paul
would remain outside and become an orphan,
a howling orphan. Further. I vu not Justi
fied in risking an undoubtedly valuable life
for one that was proba"bly of no account.
A long pole with a hook on the. end would
have been useful, or a niece of rope, but
neither wa« to be found, and the groans of the
man »n the roothouse were becoming still more
alarming, so. noticing the heavy chain 1 which
held the well bucket, I hurriedly tried to de
tach It, but to my despair I found it was se
curely Fpiked to the well-sweep. It was then
that Marion made one of the most brilliant
FUggestions that I have known her to make:
th»t by Bwinjringr the sweep to one side the
chein. would hang directly over the pit. I
don't know that she saw the full utility of
this move, bet I did. Holding my breath I
rtood in the doorway until I could dimly nee
the prostrate figure of the man on the floor,
then I darted Inside, looped the chain about
him and dragged him to the entrance. He was
a heavily built, sharp-featured man, past mid
dle age, and although he lay 'on the ground
and gasped for breath there was a slight con
tortion of bis features that suggested repressed
mirth. Marion wanted me to go for help, but
I told her that he ' Tas recovering: and only
needed to be moved from' the entrance where
he lay to the level ground 'where the air was
freeber. Fhe paid I would never be able to get
him up. the Incline, bo I hastened to complete
my task, my only fear being that help would
arrive too soon. I tenderly arranged a pad
of potato bags across. his cbeet and back., then
Fbortening.the chain -I passed it under his arms
and again looped it around his hodr. All belns
reaiy. I ellir.bed up on the weighted end of
the well-sweep, but finding there was not
•nciisrb freight I persuaded Marion to take my
jttace, then I tprang- up beside her. Tfce effect
"Tim might be able to milk a cow that had
milk." he said with a chuckle, after listening
to my tale, "but it'd take old Nick to raise
a calf on a dry one." . '. - ¦
"A dry one!" I shouted. "Do you mean "
"Did the old man tell you it was this cow's
calf?" he Interrupted.
"Well, no— I can't remember that he did. He
fa id I'd better take the calf, too, and I sup
posed " ¦. '
"Exactly— then he's salted you right enough!
We had missed the first afternoon train, and
after a dreary wait for the next one we ar
rived at the little country station just at dusk,
and before we reached Waydean darkness had
fallen. We groped our way around to the
back door and stumbled into the kitchen,
where I lit a candle I had brousrht. My heart
sank at the first glance about the room, for It
was quite empty and I feared that our goods
had not arrived, but when I peered fearfully
into the next room I saw that what looked
at first like* railroad box car was a rectangu
lar • erection of all our household belongings.
.We stared -Incredulously by the. light of the
flickering candle, walking around the structure
in despair. Next the ceiling,, like a statue on
its ma?slv<» base. our;, cooking stove perched
giddily— Bliggs had set • it tip with a. venge
ance! — on the very bottom V lay all our bads'
and bedding, hopelessly burled, for if I at
tempted to disturb the pile down would plunge
that threatening mass of * metal. Bliggs .was
a fiend! . ..
A strip of torn wall paper hung down like a
banner from a projecting curtain^ pole; it wns
covered with rude penclllngs. which we de
ciphered together aftsr Paul had -.dropped
asleep on. my overcoat, with this result: ,
Mister Carton. ' ". •.
heluv a rode.
• hosses nere fled.
men klckt.
. ,' basht em fur. emtin botel.
' -;^_basht em fur mutlnln bout hlstln stov.
to 'dark to ce chok marks.
done nex bee stl!».
heluv a gobi wel dun.
: -Cv ( wilyum bllggs.
The descriptions that- follow of a city
man's live in the country! his first feel
ings cf chagrin when he heSys the old
farmers criticizing him because Ife^has no
implement*' and stock and ls not a "real
farmer" ; his tall lies to an acquaintance
in town on the extent of his ranch are
all very cleverly presented and not a bit
overdone. There is none of the rouerh
burlesque of 'the comic artist order. The
humor Is most genuine and entertaining.
Their chickens are pets for Paul, the
son and heir, and therefore cannot be sac
rificed, not even when the rich old aunt
comes for a visit and expressly states how
dearly she loves a chicken, as a table
delicacy when she knows just what that
chicken has been eating. Their hired
man Is 4 gem— a character with a lop
sided stomach . that cannot be balanced
with any amount of wholesome fqod. but
must receive a certain quota of raspberry
pie to be put in a perfect state of equi
librium.
Later this hired Jewel becomes - -a man
of wrath for a day and then "jumps his
Job" to go to town and .find the editor of
the agricultural stuff that Mr. Carton has
been writing incognito. This transforma
tion is brought about through the perver
sity of the landlord— Peter Waydean.
1 Peter catches a Carton chicken in the
Waydean green pea patch, plucks the bird
and then allows it to return home with
out even the dignity of a tail feather to
its name. This so enrages the hired man
that he in turn makes captive a maraud
ing Waydean pig and decorates it with
bonnet, pants, boots, wax and chicken
•feathers. Carton is driving Aunt Sophy's
prospective bridegroom home in the best
family rig and with the best family horse
when they bump into the procession of
Waydean cursing , and chasing this ap
parition of a hog. The family horse runs
away and breaks from the shafts just as
the buggy is in the middle of a river.
Carton has to wade ashore and carry his
guest in his arms. That is enough for
the hired man; especially aa the pig runs
into a funeral farther down the road and
the mourners are looking for the ' cos
tumer. He does not think that he can
stand further mental strain and leaves.
Another characteristic bit is the descrip
tion of Carton, the ¦writer of agricultural
articles and wise man*, when he goes forth
to buy a cow. He' has brought his pur
chase home; has tried to milk the cow
and failed: has tried to feed the calf and
had his fingers chewed; has finally turned
the calf and cow out together and then
been obliged to chase them as they flee
down the road. His friend,, the butcher,
with whom he has only that morning had
long discussions on cowology, helps him
stop the bovine flight. Then comes the
denouement: . .¦
Carton, wife and child arrive at the
ranch after dark. Here is what they
find:
They take the place without the fifty
acres and with the one hundred dollars
extra. Their next trouble comes in mov
ing. Carton Is an inventive genius and
works out an elaborate system of num
bering his boxes to match a diagram of
rooms and similar numbers that he gives
to the expressman. The expressman is
so pleased with the arrangement that he
pay? he will set up the kitchen stove and
all the beds free of charge.
waw amaztnir tr> us. unaccustomed as we were
to this primitive contrivance, for cur end de-
Fcended to the ground with a bump. and. like
a hook»d fish, high In the air dansled the man
whom I had pone to so much trauhle to save.
He emerged fr-m I'rrrn^oo'P"" l-nprc rnnidlv
than a butterfly from its chrysal's. and his
remarks as he pyrated from the *nd of the
chain were moet- abusive.. The epithets were
evidently Intended for me. and my ar.prer was
*rcv«ed to such an extent that I felt Inclined
to let him stay where he was. "Keep cool, l
shouted, "and I'll pee about grttlng you down
Pemember." I admonished him. "that-that
th*r* are ladies In the room. If' u > >ena .:,:
yourself and tell me where to find a ladder I n
try to help ycii." ' '
His face grew crimson and he Ptrugcled for
*T~ech. "A ladder!" he burst forth, at last.
•Get off this darn' see-paw."
I pet off. M did Marion: but I don t think
we understood the proper way to. pet off. for
there was a surprising thud, and I saw that
my patient was rprawlln* on the K round under
the beam. I hastened to hi, relief reminding
him as I unwound the rba'.n that he rtaould
have taken my advice and waited for the lad
der. He stood up unsteadily, wiping thed 1 "
off his face' with his sleeve, then he took, off
h's ccat, folded it with ceremony, laid It Q n
the eround and squared up to me.
"Now." he said, with vicious determination.
"I'm going: to settle with you."
The matter !s arranged, however, with
out blows and Carton succeeds in renting
the house and immediate yard for a year
for $100 more than is asked for the whole
plac-. which includes all this and in ad
dition fifty acres of farming land. This
1p explained by the landlord with farmer
like logic:
"Certainly, ma'am." he responded: "but how
far'd a hundred dollars go in wages for Mred
help* If I wasn't throwing In my work free
I couldn't afford to take them fifty acres off
your hands at that flgrure. Of course. I'd sooner
ycu took the hull place at three hundred, then
as much more would hire you a man, and if
Mr. Carton looked after him pretty sharp there
might be enough crop to feed your horses ar.d
cow. and he wouldn't have to spend more than
a thousand dollars in stock and implements to
start with."
prospectus of 'the edition:: ¦'. ' ¦•.'„
"There are those who' care only to en-
The Bowen-Merrill Company of Indian
apolis are issuing an annotated and com
parative edition of Shakespeare under the
editorial supervision of Edward Dowden,
LiU. D. Two volumes are already from
the press, "The Tragedy of Hamlet" "and
"The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet."
Judging from, these this edition ¦ ls one
that should • appeal to all lovers of
Shakespeare and to every one who appre
ciates the best that can be done in mod
ern publishing. .
, Each play is to appear In a volume by
itself. - The letter press is exceptionally
good and the binding. ia^a rich red'and
gold; in fact, . as far as the publisher's
work is concerned, nothing could be more
in taste. for books that will,occupyta per
manent place. in the library.v . .
The editing and. annotating have been
most carefully and learnedly done. The
idea has been to meet the requirementa
of three classes of readers, and. in this
connection the publishers state in their
The Dowden Shakespeare.
This book. has more of the Filipino In it
than any other work of fiction that has
as yet come to our notice. It is well
worth buying and deserves a place on any
list of approved books for summer read
ing. (Price $1 25.)
j Several of the stories are particularly
noteworthy. "The Fifteenth Wife" is one
of the most powerful, although its ending
may prove a shock to delicate nerves. An
other good one is "The Spirit of Mount
Apo," which recounts . the adventure of
the writer upon attempting to. climb a
mountain said, by the superstitious'na
tives, to be haunted. "Told.at the Club"
is the best .one of the "antingr-anting"
stories. In it is given an account , of a
clubman's conversion to a faith, in the
powers of an "antlntr-antirg" stone to
foretell coming • disaster.
One of the tales recifes the desertion of
an American from the. ranks of his coun
trymen to those of the Filipinos and his
subsequent return, through his mother's
influence, to sacrifice himself that he may
save his countrymen and redeem his sul
lied honor. This seems to be a favorite
theme among writers of island fiction, for
Frederick Palmer, in "The Ways of the
.Service." had a similar story. It must be
said, moreover, that Mr, Palmer's was
the better of the two. - '
"Mr. Kayme writes, for example, in the
"Pearls of Sulu," of the "macasla" fes
tival—the remarkable fishing expedition
when a concoction of weeds and herbs is
thrown into the water and. the fish become
eo stupefied that they, can be caught by
hand. He tells of a whole meal served,
sufficient and palatable, aridi yet nothing
but bamboo ls used in the doing. He
brings but constantly bits of interesrtlng
customs and all without sacrificing the
dramatic interest of his story. . \
The book comprises eleven short stories
of life among the Filipinos. All of them
have a certain dash of adventure; some
of them border on the mystical, and from
each there can be derived, unconsciously,
a certain amount of romantic informa
tion; that is, from the pictures of the pi
rates, the natives, the pearl fishers, the
queer animals. These stories are good
reading in two different lights: First, as
romance for the excitement of a good
story; second, as a glimpse through the
eyes of one who has seen into the life of
this most Interesting and unreal country.
For the greater part Sargent Kayme
has some good stories to tell In his re
cent book just publisbed by Small. May
nnrd & Co., Boston. The name "Aiiting-
Anting" will appear as Greek to most
people, but it is really quite simple when
you understand. The editors have this to
say in explanation— though • the- meaning
cf, the term becomes perfectly clear, as it
plays Its part ;n the stories svHIeh.follow ;
the,? foreword. ¦_ ¦ -• j. ....
"Strangest,. perhaps, of all these possN
bilities for fiction is trie anting-anting, at^
once, a mysterious power to protect- its
possessor and the outward symbol of the
protection. No more curious fetich can
be found in the history of folk-lore. ¦'. A
button, a coin, a bit of paper with unin
telligible words scribbled, upon it, a bone,
a stone, a garment, anything, almost—
often a thing of no intrinsic value— Its?
owner has been known to walk up to the
muzzle of a loaded musket or rush upon
the point of a bayonet with a confidence
so sublime as to silence ridicule and to
command admiration, if not respect."
Anting-Anting Stories.
There is a cheerful bit of muddle about
the ultimate purchase of the farm. The
Cartons finally come into possession, but
only after they find that they have been
bldd-ng against each other and old skin
flint Waydean has wen out by selling at
an advanced rate to a third party.' The
third party, .fortunately, turns out to be
the husband of Aunt Sophy. He. was so
touched by Carton having carried him out
of the river that he at once determined
to buy the farm secretly, no matter what
the cost, and make it a present to his life
fa ver. (Published by Charles Scribner's
Sons, New York. Price SI 25.)
B. G. LATHROP.
"A— cow-calf," he .whispered.
He stopped laughing and looked up and down
the road, then leaned over the edge of the
wagon seat with his whip hand shielding one
fide of his mouth. I hungr breathless on hl»
words. . .
"Well." he answered, srulping In n peculiar,
hesitating- way. as if he were reluctant t6
answer, "you mostly can't tell what kind of
a cow a calf will make when it's a week ; old,
but If you— if you wanted to raise a cow,
you — you " • •¦: . r »"¦'-,
His face became suffused with a dull purple
flush, as If he were gtrufcKllng with a mighty
spasmodic sneeze; he turned his face : away,
his body shaking convulsively, then -with
obvious difficulty he continued: "If you
wanted to raise a cow you'd ought to have
boueht a— a— ha, ha, ha! "
• "Have bought what?" I cried, in exaspera
tion. . •-, •
My heart warmed to the butcher: ha is a man
of fine fepl!nrs. He not only pave me twenty
dollars for the cow, but promised to frighten-
John Waydean into silence by representing
that I was preparing evidence for a criminal
prosecution.
"And now," I said, in conclusion, "I'd like
your candid opinion about the calf. If I de
cided to raise it would it be likely to grow
into a valuable cow?"
"I can stand belnfc swindled'." I shouted, in
wrath, '.'but I won't stand" any toldryou-co busi
ness. You ought to have more sense than to
talk that way when — when " .
"There, there," he Interjected, soothingly.
"I know just how you feel. The other day
my missis told me I'd smash my hand if I
went hammerin' nails with an ax. Well, sir,
it wasn't three minutes till I did. Of course
I Fwpre a h<t. but when I went into the kitchen
and the missis asked me first how I done it,
and then said she knowed I would, I jest went
clean out of- my head with rage. I'd sooner
have Kons out and smashed the other thumb
than have been ?noke to that way."
You've paid forty dollars for a beef cow that
he offered to give me. for a twenty-dollar ac
oount he owe* me. 1 I'm sorry— flashed sorry—
that you've been took In, but— he, he! ha, ha.
ha! — but you let on you knowed all about cat
tle. . and I told you to keep your ¦ weather
eyei "
It might not be out of place, consider
ing the Issuance of this new edition, to
call attention to one point in reference to
the Bowen-Merrill. Company. They are
one of the few, few publishing houses
that seem to pay particular regard to
"Thirdly, there are scholarly readers
who have a legitimate desire to check'or
control the work of the editor in the
formation of his text. No previous edi
tion of Shakespeare appears to give at
once, explanatory, notes and adequate tex
tual collations. Here an attempt is to be
made to exhibit the. variations from the
editor's text which are found in the pri
mary sources in so far as those varia
tions are of importance for the ascertain
ment Qf the text. Every variation is not
recorded, but\the editor has chosen to err
on the side of excess rather than on that
of defect." . ;>'¦'¦'
"There are, secondly, readers who re
cognize the fact that many difficulties
exist in what Shakespeare has written
and that labor of editors from Roe to the
most recent annotators has done much to
make clear ¦what was obscure K and to
render easy what was difficult; for.these
readers a body of explanatory, notes in
which a mean is attempted between par
simony and superfluity has been pro
vided* - : - ' ', . .'•: '
Joy the play without retardation "or the
disturbance of notes; for" them a trust
worthy text is printed -in a type which
imposes little fatigue upon the eye; such
rra^rs may wholly disregard the notes
or may refer to them on rare occasions.
native in various , stages of civilization,
gradating from the 'cannibalistic Ilon
gottes to that type of. Filipino represented
by Agoncillo CAguinaldo's' Embassador to
foreign coiirts). .The curious love* making
of the native, marriage ceremonies, man?
•nef of dress, ; fondness for; pleasure,
primitive but ingenious mode, of cul
tivating the soil, and-,everything pertain
ing to the native and his island are told in
a charming, interesting manner. -He tells
of the wild animals and their haunts. Of
the wonderful beauty of '• the ..interior,
around which is woven a mystlciBm^as to
the possibilities of vast wealth In gold
and silver and precious stones, only.wait
ing to feel the magic touch of American
enterprise to yield up their treasure.
He describes in thrilling style the ad
ventures of the party while pushing their
x way through almost impenetrable .jungles
or crossing raging streams augmented In
their fury ,by descending torrents from
mountainsides. ¦ - •¦_
The author tells with pleasant feelings
of appreciation, of the graceful courtesies
extended to him by the wealthy people of
the island, and in no less appreciative
manner of a similar welcome by the poor
. natives.
He alludes to the past v splendor of
Manila when under control of the gorge
ous officials of Spain; who lived In a state
of barbaric riches, : while natives ground
out their lives in . hideous dungeons or
toiled beneath the tropic sun to meet the
rapacious demands of the greedy power.
Accompanying the" book i3 a large map
The August number of Scribner's will
be its thirteenth annual Fiction Number,
this magazine having been the first to in
stitute that feature which has been so
widely copied: Many unknown writers
have made their first successes in the Fic
tion Number, as it has always been the
policy to mingle the best fiction of the
old and the new writers In that Issue.
There will be seven short stories by such
authors as Richard Harding Davis, Quil
ler-Couch, "Zack," Octave Thanet. and Il
lustrations by Christy, Clark, Parrish,
Shinn, Yohn. McCarter and others. James
B. Connolly, the new writer of sea stories,
will have a tale describing a great race
from Iceland to Gloucester between a
schooner and a yacht. M. J. Burns has
made illustrations for It from careful
studies of the Gloucester fleet. J. A.
Mitchell, the editor of Life, made his first
serious effort fci fiction a few years ago
when he published "Amos Judd." of wh'ch
more than 30,000 copies have been sold. He
has Just completed ' a short novel which
will begin in this number and run through
the fall months. The title is "The Pines
of Lory," and the scene i3 a promontory
in the St. Lawrence.
The Saalfield Publishing Company.
Akron. O.." will soon publish a new novel
entitled "The Slsm of the Prophet." by
Dr." James -Ball Naylor, author of "Ralph
Marlowe." It is a tale of the war of 1S12,
of the times of Tecumseh and the up
rising of the Shawnee Indians In the
jlaumee Valley. The story deals thrill
ingly with events preceding and during
the war. and chiefly with the effort made
by General William Henry Harrison to
restrain the uprising in the Maumee Val
ley and on the upper waters of the
Wabash. under the great Shawnee chief,
Tecumseh, and his one-eyed- brother,
Tenskwatawa. the prophet. The noval
deals with an Important era In American
history, with events preceding the settle
ment of the Middle West. It Is the era
of Tecumseh. who, with his brother, the
prophet, sought to unite all the Western
tribes in a confederacy that should pro
tect them from the intruding whites. The
project was defeated by the battle of Tip
pecanoe, though it brought about an alli
ance between the Shawnee chief and his
warriors and the English In Canada,
which alliance, however, cost Tecumseh
his, life at the battle of the Thames.
. "The favorite author with young Rus
sia," writes Christian .Brinton in the
Critic. "Is Maxime Gorky, ex-baker's ap
prentice and tramp, who in his wander- /
ings over the face of Russia has seen and
has remembered. The Mjestyanin is his
hero, the itinerant shoemaker or tinsmith
the Boslaky or bare .footed. 1 ¦ ,
"His largest and most pretentious work
13 'Foma Gordeyev,' and is being trans-
Three short stories also appear in the
August number— one by Francis Lynde,
entitled "A - Vacation Conscience" ; an
other by Arabella Kenealy, daughter of
the famous Dr. Kenealy, entitled "Dr.
Fordham's Daughter," and third, a col
lege story written by a college girl en
titled "The Impressionist Picture."
The kitchen article for the month de
scribes various cold tomato dishes, sum
mer drinks and fruit salads.
The dressmaking article by Mrs. Gor
man deals with lace stock-collars and
open work of various kinds, boleros, etc.,
which appear to be more popular than
ever this season.
As this is essentially the vacation time
of the year. The Delineator for August
is the vacation number. The spirit of
midsummer breathes over Its pages from
the fashions down to the household notes.
The daintiest dresses and dress acces
sories are gathered into this number, just
suitable in their materials and their
make-up for the temporary use to which
midsummer clothing Is put.
Edwin Asa Dix, whose new novel, "Old
Bowen's Legacy." is proving reminiscent
of his "Deacon Bradbury" to so many
readers, has lately been drawn aside for
a few months from the paths of fiction
by- the preparation of an elaborate book
to commemorate the twentieth-anniver
sary of the graduation of his college class,
the class of 1S81 at Princeton. The bock,
which was printed privately for the class,
is a costly volume of over 400 pages,
copiously illustrated, and with biographi
cal or autobiographical accounts of every
one of the class's 148 members and ex
members. • Work on a book of this nature
is purely a labor of love, as of course no
financial profit attaches to'it. At the re
cent. reunion and. dinner held in Princer
ton, the class showed its 'appreciation of;
Mr. Dix's labors by presenting him with'
a magnificent Filver loving cup, over ten"
inches high, bearing a cordial inscription,
and with a picture of Old Nassau Hall
finely etched upon the silver.
Brentano's have for early publication a
work by H. B. Irving, entitled "Studies of
French Criminals of the Nineteenth Cen
tury." The author of -this book will, be
remembered as having -written "The Life
of Judge Jeffries," which attracted un
«usual attention about two years since.
Mr. Irving (son of Sir Henry Irving, the
famous tragedian) has given several
years* close study to the annals of crim
inal jurisprudence. This collection has
been gathered from the French criminal
records, and are studies of real culprits
whose guilt In almost every instance 'was
beyond suspicion of doubt; they are pre
sented as studies of character as well as
examples of the administration of crim
inal Justice in France. The author thinks
they might be of interest or value to those
who look up human documents for speci
mens of character as it actually ls. The
book . will doubtless -receive great atten
tion both in England and America.
The editor of the Western Magazine has
a good sound plank In the platform of
his policy. He says: "The mission of tne
Western Magazine Is to spread abroad tne
story of the glory of Edenlc California,
and the most ambitious desire of Its pub-
Usher is that its success shall be com
mensurate with its value to the State and
the benefits it yields to its patrons." In
this connection there is' an article on
"Summer Days Along Shore in Califor
nia" in the current issue that shows he is
In earnest. Another paper of merit and
interest is one describing "A Society
Function in Alta California." wherein la
given an account of the marriage of Gov
ernor Alvarado to Senorlta Martina Cas
tro at Santa Clara Mission in 1839. The
next Issue promises to be of special inter
est to our Eastern visitors, for it will
have an elaborately illustrated article on
"Country Life in California."
Literary Notes.
• One of the last literary undertakings
.of the late Sir Walter Bewnt was the
¦completion of a popular work for winch
he had special qualifications- The. btory.
of King Alfred." The American rigb-*
: have been secured by r>. Appleton « V°- •
and the book will be published by them
in July or August. Its intrinsic i ntcrc ;J
and value, and its timeliness In view of
the approaching anniversary, will aouoi
less secure for the work an exceptional
popularity.
Gettysburg and afterward.. The
this biography has .bee^found rta\*^
clal records of the Union and Confederate
armies. A forcible argument is £«¦«££,
to show, that-General Meafle was under
rated by the commander in chej and that
he was entitled to-thepromotion given to
another. The aid of the Ge/,tt^ b "^o^_
tional Park Commission *na t°l£°™™**
Nicholson and Cope has resulted in secur-
ing many maps, measurements ami °iner
information relative to the battlefield or
Gettysburg. In the account or trns tre
mendous conflict, as in other portions oi
his succinct and instructive volume; tne
author's clear, discriminating and forcible
treatment enhances the interest of the
great themes pictured In this , Important
book: There are numerous maps and 11113-
tratlons. (Published by D. Appleton ic
Co.; New York. Price, 51 50.) .- . •
..-"* ..'-. * ¦¦—• "
lated from the. original Russian by .-Her
man Bernstein, one of the best— if not tho
best— Russian scholar. In this - country,
and It 'will be issued In the early fall by
the J. S. -Ogrllvle Publishing Company of
New York. -.,,.•.
"It is the most distinguished of the
stories Gorky has had time to write with
in his brief period of fame: it has made
him his reputation, both in Russia and
Frsfnce."
His father was an upholsterer and Hie-f
¦when the boy was five years old. Th »
young author is about 32 now, by the way
He was hired out in a shoo shop. ra\
away, apprenticed' to a draughtsman, ran
away, put at the ! making of wooden
saints, hired out as a cook's boy on a
steamer and then made gardener's assist
ant. He also peddled apples, worked on \
dock, sawed wood and acted as porter.
Then he went to Tzaritzyn and waa
watchman on a 'railroad. He tried to go
into the army, but they refused to accept
a tramo.
He sold beer for a while, then was hired
by a lawyer, but tramped off to Tlflis.
where he worked In a railroad shop and
published his first novel In a local paper.
Then he wandered back to the Volga, and
at Nizhni-Novgorod lived by «elUng
sketches to the newspapers. In this way
he met the writer Vladimir Korolenko.
one of Russia's most- brilliant men of let
ters, and developed very rapidly under*h!9
RUlding hand. He attracted no attention
until he so suddenly sprang into promi
nence. • ...
nence. ¦ ,
Louis Dyer opens the July Atlantic with
a timely article calling attention to th<>
salient facts of the life and' character of
King Alfred the Great, called Into promi
nence at this time by the approaching
thousandth anniversary of his retgn. A.
P. Winston describes sixteenth century
trusts, showing that such combinations
are no new thing under the sun and ex
plaining in detail how they originated
spread and finally fell-generally by their
own sheer weight. H. r>. Sedgwick Jr.
sends a letter from Italy,,- describing
graphically the present conditions and
dealing especially with some social and
Socialistic features. In New Orleans and
Reconstruction, Albert Phelps arraigns
the North for Its treatment of that cltr.
He describes the unique culture and re
finement of the ante-bellum city: "tb«
weary period of oppression, robbery and
ruin." that fell upon it from the "But!er
Yankees" and their successors, "the. Car*
pet-Baggers," down to the time when
President Hayes withdrew the "Federal**
troops and the long- struggle was'ov«r.
closing with a sketch of the city to-day.
T. J. J. See describes In popular vein
the limits of the stellar universe— the
probable size, number and distribution of
the stars. Kate Stephens analyzes the
typical New England woman, while Caro
line Ticknor draws an amusing contrast
between the modern Gibson gtrl and her
old-fashioned steel engraving predecessor.
L. P. Smith in "An Old Diary" and Row
land E. Robinson in "A Quaker Boyhood"
give cuaint and curious pictures of the
character and habits of Quakers in two
far separated generations. Miss John
ston's "Audrey" quickens its pace and
begins to glow with romantic interest,
while Miss Jewett's "Tory Lover," ap
proaching its end, enters upon scenes of
touching pathos and Intense action. Eu
gene K. White treats some aspects of
the Pan-American Exposition, with espe
cial reference to the marvelous electric
display there shown. G. S. "Wasson and
others contribute short stories. The num
ber also contains a notable group of out
door poems . by favorite and prominent
authors, and the entertaining: Contribu
tors' Club.
The Observer In Tho 'Literary Era for
July has something to say about newly
adopted words.
"A curious speculation might be started
as to what words now in current use, but
unknown to the dictionary of to-day, will
force acceptance from the dictionary of
to-morrow. The accident of the Transvaal
'war brought toto our 'daily speech a-Tnum
*ber of Stfuth 'African 'words of Dutch or
'tgln; such as "kopje' and Veldts which
previously had -found meager toleranco
only in books of travel. The latest sup
plement to Webster's Dictionary, issued
about six months ago, opened wide Its
doors to a large number of these. The
Century, the Standard and other diction
aries, of course, do not contain tho major
ity of them. The popularization of grolf
and of bridge whist has Invited lexico
graphical sanction to a number of verbal
barbarities. Science almost daily spawns
novelties of nomenclature, which may or
may not be fecundated through the gen
eral lust for exact expression. Slang, the
garbage of speech, often possesses the fer
tilizing Qualities of the manure heap. So
it will be seen there are innumerable av
enues of all sorts through which new
words may arrive to knock at the portal
of the dictionary.
"Talking of slang, here is an American
word that is something like half a century
old— it occurs in HaUburton, If I am not
mistaken— and is of widespread txse among
Uncle Sam's nieces, yet has received no
recognition from any authoritative dic
tionary issued In America. I refer -to
'conniption fit.' Bartlett's 'Dictionary of
Americanisms* has a short entry- under
this head. So 'has Murray's great Eng-
llsh Dictionary, the latter classing It as
•vulgar U. S.' Now, although the term be
slang and an Americanism, It has passed
out of the province of the merely vulgar.
Sure am I that I have heard It from Hp3
•whose dainty refinement -would stir deli
cious tremors !n the blood of the dullest
pedant. Neither Bartlett, by the way. nor
Professor Murray has made any attempt
to trace the word, to its origin. Full well
do I know that the path of the amateur
etymologist, though rosy to the eye. Is
thorny to "the feet. Nevertheless, with
barefaced and barefooted effrontery, rush
ing in where Bartlett and Murray have
feared to tread, I shall make the amateur
ish suggestion that conniption is a corrup
tion of catnipian, and results from femi
nine observation of the way of a cat with
the catnip leaf. Any thorns which good
friends of keener acumen may choose to
strew before me will be howlingly. acqui
esced in as righteous retribution for un
righteous presumption. Look you. I put
my best foot foremost and challenge tho
world, the age and the Literary Era."
Books Received.
TWO COUSINS AND A CASTLE-By
Mrs. H. Lovett Cameron. F. M. Buckles
& Co.. New York. Price Jl 25.
THE MYSTERIOUS BURGLAR—By
George E. Walsh. F. M. Buckles & Co.,
>Tew "5fork price $1 25.
AN AFFAIR IN THE SOUTH SEAS—
By Leigh H. Irvine. Payot. Upham &
Co.. San Francisco. «
THE SEAL OF SILENCE—By Arthur
R. Conder. D. Appleton & Co., New
York. Price $1.
WIN8LOWS NATURAL ARITHME
TIC—By Isaac O. Winalow, M. A. Ameri
can Book Company. New York. Book T.
SO cents; book II, 40 cents; book III, 50
cents.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
WRITERS OF BOOKS
SAX FRANCISCO.
, Prices are always in the
Reading Notices.
126 POST STREET,
ROBERTSON'S,
Can Be Obtained at
The Books Reviewed
ON THIS PAGE
A. M. ROBERTSON.¦ He listened, with his kind, thoughtful
eyes upon me, and he looked very grave
though his first words were kind.
"She is indeed a sweet girl," he said,
and then he thought a little.
"It does not seem to me that there Is
any adequate motive for a deception on
this young lady's part. I think it would
be kinder to question her on the point."
"Oh, yes — yes!" I said,
"I do not see why a perhaps foolish but
quite innocent construction. should not be
put on the younsr man's visits. ' But a
false name? If Mr.' Jex is not misled by
"We!:, years have gone by. May married
an India civil servant and lives her life
over the sea. And dear Kitty went a
longer voyage still, and
— her boat with sails of snow.
Came safe to port. Z know.
And I, I have written and published a
great many stories, and had a full big
sort of life, with Helen for my friend.
There is a railway to Mirehurst. and
it is all over little villas.
But when the nightingales sing, and the
daffodils are out. I think of the dear,
dull old times, before thera were any
changes, and I wonder If I "have- ev»r
been us haoav slnra.
old clothes an 1 new materials down to
Kitty's, and we planned and consulted
and contrived, and Helen had lovely Ideas
for everything, fe.ie had read so much,
too, and was so sympathetic. I showed
her my story— the story— which was grow-,
ing slowly, pretty much as I grew, and
she made good criticisms, and . could tell
me just the practical things which are so
puzzling— such as what makes a will
valid, and what you call a bishop if you
want to speak to him. She was quite a
woman of the world.
The first thing that began the trouble
was that a friend of Mr. Crofter's— have
I said that 'May's name was Crofter
came down for the night, and • said to
May:
"Oh, I see that you have that pretty
Miss Benson staying in the village."
"Not Miss Benron— MIs3 Carteret," said.
May. "She's a lady dressmaker."
Well, It was very hard to convince him
It was not Miss Benson, and when he was
gone, and they mentioned it, Helen; did
look very odd. She turned quite pale,
and said likenesses were curious things:
The next thing was that Miss Jones,
who is a horrid gossip, said that she had
seen Helen In Hazelbridge copse talking
to a young man. She knew her hat, she
said. •
We all declared that we should not
think of telling Helen anything so ridicu
lous, and Just then the Rector asked us
all to tea, and tc see his tulips in flower.
We went. He -was always very kind,
and we were fond of him, but with Helen
he was more than a dear old thing; we
saw that he was a fine, courtly gentle
man, and her -way with him was lovely.
He 1 showed her all his pictures and books,
and she looked at them and talked about
them— just In the right way. We all liked
her better than ever, and we went home
and worked on our colored muslin dresses
for the bazaar.
All this time 1 felt In an odd way as If
Helen was specially, my property. We had
more to say to each other. Dear Kitty
Clever talked much except about things in
the village, and May was very decided in
• her opinions, and thought It wrong to ad
mire any book that was not just on the
lines which we all thought correct. But
Helen had rea-1 a great many other things
and she made one think, and to be made
to think, to have new thoughts given to
one, is the greatest of all delights when
one Is young.
One day I went into Hazelbridge copse
to see. if ..the. bluebells .were out. .. The
stalks of the primroses were pretty long,
and the trees got greener every day.
The nightingales were singing like mad.
Mirehurst was a lovely place In spring. •
As I came up to the dell where the. blue-'
bells opened, first, there I saw Helen.'
standing under a young beech tree, and—
yes— there was a strange young man by
her side— a tall', handsome fellow he was.
They were standing close together, and
talking very earnestly. I stopped short,
and then, I don't know if -I did right or
not— but I turned and ran away. I could (
not force, myself on H'-len's. secrets,, and
I did not mean to betray, them; but I felt
sure that we should hear nothing of her
friend. " . . :,
It felt very strange when I went down
But she never said a word about the
young man. And . then somehow the
doubt grew. , Mr. Crofter's friend, It ap
peared, wrote to say that he was quite
sure that the girl we called Miss Carteret
was. really Miss Benson, that she lived
with her.mother in South Kensington, and
hid been daily governess , in a family he
knew." There ; was ! nothing against her,
but she was certainly going under a false
name— which /was odd.
And Miss Jones- saw- that young man
again on the same day that I saw him.
She su.sv him go-lnto the .wood and cuma
noons at half-past 2. Ten shillings ths set.
Could we?"
"We should have to go^without dinner. 1
Wo couldn't be at all certain of the Arab
doing it in two hours. We ought to allow
three with putting him up at the Crown."
The Arab was the donkey's name. It
was "spoke sarcastic." He, too, was joint
property. He belonged to my mother.
The cart was Kitty's and the turnout was
kept in a stable at May's house.
"But he would be quite sure, if we came
away at half-past 4, to get home in time
for high tea at 7.' That's all that mat
ters."
To make a Ions story short, we went.
We could do commissions in Longford at
the same time. There was a Longford
carrier came out on Thursday; you or
dered things one week and he brought
them to you the next. So if you wanted,
say, a pound of sausage ,on a Friday you
could not have It till Thursday weekr- The
postman brought over small parcels for
twopence each. It was before the parcels
post, and we never ordered anything by
letter. I don't know why. Dressmaking
classes were quite a novelty, and cookery
and ambulance ones had just been heard
of. New ideas were stirring in the air.
We began to ask each other if we should
like to "be anything," but on the whole
we admired ourselves for being content
with our own village. And I would write
stories and I thought of putting them In
print.
Miss Carteret was a tall, thin girl, with
straight eyebrows, bright, gray-blue eyes
and quantities of brown'halr. She was
very well dressed, and she was a brilliant
teacher. We knew a little about teaching
— we had to do it. May got up her facts
by heart, Kitty taught out of a book, I—
well, I came of a line of teachers— and. It
like Professor Owen I was a "bone
ahead" of my'class, I managed. But we
had neVer been really taught, and it set
us all on tire. We "dress made" at every
spare minute— and though there were
three wet Wednesdays and the Arab took
advantage of the mud 'to be slower than
usual, we went every week. Once we
lunched at the Blacks' and met Miss
Carteret, and felt her to be a new sort'
of being. We thought her dress a little
too tasteful, her eyes a little too stea'dy
and her manners almost too free from
awkwardness, but wo thought and talked
of no one else but the Lady Dressmaker.
For she did dressmako as well as teach.
Sometimes she "went out to work," as
she called it, and then, she said, she "had
very good times."
Oifr own dressmaking quite ceased to
give us any satisfaction. May was ai-'
ways turning . Kitty and me around and
criticizing "the set of our -backs," and
Kitty, who had always made up neat
bows for trimming all exactly alike, quite
even and with a great many stitches, tried
one with one of its leers longer than the
other, and didn't like it.
Then 1 had another idea.
"Suppose," I said on the fourth Wed
nesday on which the Arab took us in to
Longford, "suppose we could get MIs3
Carteret to come out and stay with us
for a* fortnight and' do up our thfcigs.
She might come in with us to the classes."
"Nora! .What a first-class notion! But
where should she stay?"
"Well, there'd be more time at Kitty's
if our boys came home for Easter. Would
your mother, Kit — ?"
Mrs. Kestrell, Kitty's mother, always
had things pretty and nice. They had a
sweet little spare room.' I used some
times to .wish . I could go' away to live,
and come back and stay in it, and as she
was very indulgent and kind most of our
experiments .were, tried at the cottage.
We rushed in upon her, and propounded
member his coming to Mirehurst, but he
came there alone. The people were very
fond of him. and he knew them all very
well; but nobody could say that we were
a "highly organized" parish, and when
we went to school treats or choir festi
vals In the neighboring parishes our feel
ings were hurt because we had so few
new plans at work at Mirehurst.
However, as we always said, we did
what we could. There never was any
thing like a squabble in our parish, and
everybody was glad when the rector, in
his shabby old coat and hat, dropped in
upon them. Sometimes, indeed, he went
up to see the Bishop or to visit at the
X*ark, and then he wore a tall hat and a
coat of such beautiful smooth, glossy
cloth as I never see any one wear now.
Then no Archbishop could have looked
more ecclesiastical. He had been at col
lege with Lord Fayhurst, who gave him
the living; they were friends. Altogether
he' belonged to the "county"— there was
no mistake about that.
We didn't exactly. Kitty's cousins did
in another county— but. her mother was a
widow, and they lived in. Mirehurst be
cause it was cheap. May was the doc
tor's eldest daughter, and my father was
Loru Fayhurst's agent,' and I had five
brothers at school— so, though of course
we knew the Ladies Gresham and the
Slnclairs at High Court and went to their
garden parties and now and then to a
Christmas dance, for real comfortable
equal companionship we had nobody but
each other.
"I'm sure. May," I remarked, "you be
gan to come to church In a hat because
Lady Lucy did. Every one must copy
some one. We shouldn't like loud looking
things ourselves and if our new things
are pretty enough to be noticed, if I was
Kate Lee or Bessie Canton, I'm sure I
should copy them.'*
"That's one of your wild ideas, . Nora,"
paid May. "It's quite different. Of course
the village girls will imitate us, and I do
think the Homo Farm girls get them
selves up ridiculously. So, as I say, we
should be quiet and correct."
"I think the Home Farm girls get very
pretty things." said Kitty. "In spite of
the Queen and paper patterns It's awfully
hard to make a dress nicely."
"It takes up so much time," said May.
"Grace Curtis Is worse than no good,"
I said, "and Miss Lowe at Longford is so
expensive."
"We shall really want some nice things
this summer. Besides the usual garden
Iiarties, there is to be the Duncnmbe
Ba?.aar and Fred Sinclair's coming of
age," said Kitty.
We were silent. I remember that an
early nightingale stepped into the breach
and sang madly against a background of
rooks, hawks and wood-pigeons. Those
sweet noises make my heart thrill now
adays, but then they were so natural that
I hardly noticed them. Waggy, our ter
rier puppy, barked at the nightingale.
Waggy ought to*have been a Skye, but he
wasn't. He had a lovely face, but his legs
were too long, and his tail curled like that
of a pig. Waggy lived at May's home. I
adored him. and he preferred Kitty, and
generally "boarded" round: so. like most
other thincs. he was really "ours."
"I've got an idea," I said suddenly. *i:.J
"1 thought you had, you looked so
silly," said Kitty. .
"Is It a new trimming?" said May. "or
a new story?" (I made up stories some
times.) '
"It's neither. There are' going to be
twelve dressmaking classes at Longford.
Why shouldn't we go in the donkey cart?"
"Look here." I went on, the idea devel
oping, "Gertrude Black sent me the pros
pectus. The teacher Is a Miss Carteret,
a lady dressmaker— that's a new thing,
you know.. They're on Wednesday ufter-
'•Copyrlght In the Unites states of Amer
ica by D. T. Pierce.)
fTvHERE were three of us. The date
I of this story is in the dark ages.
1 before bicycles were in fashion, and
I when the railway only came as far
JL as Longford; and in those days,
'hen you were eight • miles from the
rarest town i-nd a mile and a half- off
je high road, you had to stay a good
deal where you were put.
There were, as I began by saying, three
of us In Mlrehurst. There were only
t.iree, by which I mean to say, only three
of us on the same social level, for though
we all visited at the Park and knew the
Ladles Gresham, they did not count for
much in our lives, and besides were often
away. To the farmers' daughters and
.- .e village people, of course, we did
pood. • ,
We three, then, were sitting on the stile
outside Cooper's Wood, talking about our
eprir.g clothes. For It was a cold, sun
ehiny day in April, and we had been
picking primroses and anemones. Of
course when there are only three of you,
and you see each other every day, you
talk over everything. We thought that
there was nothing to do, but then we had
to do everything there was. We taught
the Sunday-school, we decorated the
church and managed the 'choir and looked
after the parish. We trimmed each oth
er's hats, and Invited each other to go
for long walks. Sometimes we took each
other into Longford in the donkey cart.'
We tried experiments in making cakes,
and asked each other to tea to 'eat them.
We read each other's books, and all our
Ideas were common property.
We were very dull, that is, we thought
bo, but sometimes— now— on a spring day
•when the light lasts long, and the air
blows cold, and primroses are being sold
in the street, I feel half inclined to alter
the old proverb and say, "Oh, the amus
ing old days when we used to be dull!"
I've never talked as much, nor laughed
as much, nor taken euch a wild interest
in my life as I did then. One or other of
us used sometimes to t=igh for a. "great
friend." We didn't know we were "great
friends" to each other. We were only
companions. I don't know if we were like
sisters, because I never nad a sister, but
we were certainly like schoolfellows,
quarrelsome and affectionate, and crit
ical, and intimate— as girls are at school.
I don't think either of us sighed for a
lover. We all expected one in due time,
and May. the eldest of us, was only 21—
while Kitty and I had not long turned 19.
*'Ilats are going to be trimmed high,"
said May. "I have seen It In the Queen.
But we mustn't have ours too showy, and
sot a bad example in the village."
May was a very proper pirl. She al
ways thought about appearances, and
was really our Mrs. Grundy. Kitty was
rather slow and lazy, but then she was
eo comfortable you could always fall
back on her and she was never cross or
in a hurry. May always said that though
I had ideas, 1 never knew how to carry
tlicm out. Somebody, however, must be
gin thinking, and I don't believe that
without me she and Kitty would have
had so much to carry out. It was I who
thought of having a working party for
the girls who had left school — though
Kitty cut oup th* work and May looked
them up and read aloud at the meetings.
I knew they did it; but they never would
have done it without me. And everything
that began to happen on that day when
we eat on the stile began with me. And
as I had the blame I may as well have
the credit for it.
The reason why we had so much "say"
In the parish was that our rector. Mr.
Courtland. was elderly and a widower
with no children. None of us could re-
the Idea, and rhe came Into It without
difficulty. She "thought it was a very
good plan." My mother and May's made
110 objection, so Kitty wrote a note to
Miss Carteret, asking her to come back
ivlth us on the next Thursday, and she
• igreed at once — with a' warm expression
»f pleasure.
We began by having a perfectly de
lightful time. May and I brought all our
.She was three or four years older than
1 tro were, and though four people made a
Ight fit for the donkey cart, and her box
fcd to stand on its head between us, she
ermed to enjoy the fun. ; She did not
pihd walking a good part of the way to
fcet the Arab on, she told us to call her
Pelen, and we were excellent friends' by
»-e time that we came trotting— no. I
[a n't think that I can honestly say that
|.he Arab trotted— but we came ambling
Jnto the village and met the Rector tak
ing a stroll. We stopped, and at once in
troduced Miss Carteret to him, and he
raised his hat and welcomed her in his
dear, polite old way. but he looked rather
hard at her, and she blushed up all over
ta a way that made her look very pretty.
to Kitty's for our afternoon work. I
knew something that I did not" mean to
tell her and May. I knew they would
think that I oufcht to have .told them;
but I simply could not.
Helen was there, looking just as usual.
She was not a bit conscious or confused,
whereas I could not" help blushing and
forgetting what I was going to say, till
May said:
"What is the matter. Nora? You look
as if you had a secret. Has the Rector
told you something about the parish tea?
lie could not mean you not to tell us."
"I don't know anything about the par
ish tea," I said. "What nonsense!"
"Do you tell ' each other everything?"
a?ked Helen, as she measured the distance
lor the frills on May's skirt.
"We've never had anything much that
we didn't want to tell, except, of course,
about birthday presents and things of
that sort," said Kitty.
"We shouldn't tell any one else's
secrets," I said emphatically.
"I'm sure you're a "loyal little person,
Nora," said Helen, "but I hope you'll
never have secrets to keep or to tell,"
out of it, and she saw Helen come out by
herself afterward. '
The mothers talked it over. My mother
' wanted to' sneak kindly^ to Helen and ask
Jier it she had taken the name of Carteret
ks seeming more effective for. prof essional
purposes. Mrs. - Crofter wanted Mrs.
Kestrell to say that she had a visitor and
ti break up : the arrangement, but ' Mrs.
Kestrell,. who.;. was .very shy. could not
toake upher mind to do anything.
i suppose I ought to have told mother
wliat I had seen, but somehow I could not
bring myself to do. it. j . But Helen found
out. I think Miss Jones spoke to her,
and she must have ' seen ' that we were
different and that all our happiness was
*one. . ,',. . . . .
She came in one day with flushed cheeks
and eyes that looked as if she had been
crying and said that she was very sorry
not "'to -finish her engagement: but ab^e
found that her mother wanted her and
the must go back to London that evening.
Bhe had been to the Crown, she said, and
found out that -she could get their little
trap to take her to Longford in time- for
|the 5 o'clock • train.
And there was no outcry. Mrs. Kestrell
teolored . up and- .murmured something
about being sorry, but that was all. and
Helen went out of the room. I ran after
her, and she threw her arms around me
find cried and sobbed in a violent girlish
•way, then fied upstairs to her own room.
I heard May and Kitty coming, and I
ran away down behind the raspberry
canes and cried by myself.
Oh dear, was my beautiful Helen an
indeed? We had read one
or two novels about fascinating '"adven
turesses," but I at' least had never real
ized that these superlative beings were
ma.de of flesh and blood. . .
I believed with all my heart In Helen's
self, in her eyes, in her tears. In all her
/rank, girlish talk — and yet— and yet — a
false name, and secret meetings with a
young man? What could account for
these?
Helen would go. and we should never
ece her again; there would always be u
dreadful memory left. I felt that I
should never be able to wear any of the
dresses ' over which we had laughed and
worked together, and that somehow I
should never like our innocent girlish .life
in the same way again.
I cried bitterly and I prayed for Helen.
I was always the naughtiest of us three.
I did not oay unfailing attention in
church as May did, and I had tempers
that never disturbed Kitty, but I did pray
then with all my heart, and I felt that
there was some one to hear me.
Suddenly an idea darted into my mind.
I would go and tell the Rector. If thera
was a way of mercy anywhere he would
find it. Indeed, we often thought him'
much too kind. He would let naughty
children go to the school feast when we
thoughf it most injudicious of him to
overlook their bad behavior. But, some
how, now, I felt that in that large mercy
there was hope. And he- was wise, and
a man who knew the world and could
judge. /
I ran out at the side gate of Mrs. Kes
trell's garden and hurried along the lane
to the rectory. Perhaps the Rector was
in the garden, and, sure enough, there
he was, walking along by his tall hedge,
in his long shabby coat and soft hat, his
fine old head bent a little, and his hands
behind him.
Somehow he looked lonely.
1 did not wait to be frightened; I ran
up to him anil said:
"Please, Mr. Courtlar.d " and the
words would not come.* |
He took me by the hand and led me to
the seat under the lilac trcea. and then I
fouml words *t«d tola him the story.
Courtland holding Helen by the hand and
looking as none of us had ever seen him
look before.
"Mrs. Kestrell," he said. "'It Is I who
must explain these mysteries. Before I
came here, my only daughter. Helen,
left me to marry a man of whom I could
nut approve. I did not seek her out, nor
forgive her. She went abroad, and soon
I learned that she was dead — dead. ' and
lost to me. unforglven. That, however,
was not so. She and her husband es
caped from the burning ship— I have
much to learn of their lives in Melbourne.
But this is their daughter, and after her
father's death she came back to England
v.lth htr mother, and has fitted herself
to earn her living. And then—"
"And then," said Helen as he paused,
"when I found out who my- grandfather
waa, I wanted to be friends. I thought I
would try. But, of course, I did not
want him to hear my name — so I took
another when I came to give the dress
making lessons. And I was so glad to
go to the rectory— and so happy. But—
you see I am engaged to be married, and
Jack Wilford — he thought I should have
iio one to look after me, and he would
come and see me, and spoil everything.
And it was 30 hard to explain. 1 would
not seek out my grandfather when I was
doubtea anfi suspected — "
"But when little Nora told me your
cast— I knew how the likeness that had
gone to my heart had come. Now It* is
all clear." >.
"Mrs. Kestrell couldn't help suspecting
me," said Helen. And there was a great
confusion of kissing, and explaining, and
wondering— and I— 1 went right up and
kissed the Rector. I knew how glad he
was, and that he> was tne happiest of us
all.
"And now," he said, "Helen and I will
go by the 5 o'clock train, and bring my
daughter home again."
Of course there were a great many ex
planations, and at least eighteen days'
wonder, for things did not often happen
in Mtrehurst.
. Mrs. Benson came back and kept housa
for the Rector. She was very quiet and
gentle, and I think she had had a very
hard life. L . ,
We had Helen for a time to make a
fourth (I should put In that she finished
the dressmaking), and she woke up Mire
hurst a good deal. But before long she
married Jack Wilford, and we three went
on again together.
a strong likeness '!
"He says that he is Quite sure it Is Miss
Benson.'' I said, and the rector turned
suddenly upon me.*
"Benson?" he said, and all of a sudden
his face was alive with feelings— feelings
of his own, not thoughts for other people,
N "Yes, and she Jives . m South Kensing
ton wlthMrs. Benson, her; mother."
"I will come and see this young lady/'
said the Rector, and he set off down the
path so fast that I had to "run to keep up
with ham. He walked Into the Kestrells*
garden and right up to Mrs. Kestrell.
"I should be glad to speak to the young
lady who Is staying with you, alone/' he
said.- I
Mrs. Kestrell took him Into the drawing
room, talking as she went, and Kitty and
May fell on me. and talked to me, and
scolded me, and wondered at me. "We all
sat on a bench at the end of the garden.
I remember the lock of It all, the polyan
thuses and the apple blossoms and
Wasgy barking at the birds.
I know what happened in th« dra.wins
room, because she told me afterward.
She w..nt down in a minute wnen she
learned that the Rector was there and she
came In and shut the door.
And he just looked at her and said,
shaking:
"Are you Helen Benson?" and she cried
out. "Grandfather"' and flew right into
his arms.
It was not more than ten minutes be
fore they came out on the lawn. Mr.
THE SUNDAY OALIi.
5
THE
THREE
AND THE
LADY
DRESS
MAKER«??? MEMBER of one of the former ex
j/\ pedltions to Greenland tells of a
Ji \, curious tradition of the Eskimos
to account for the long Arctic night
and Its inter.se cold.
"There was a time," they say, "long
generations ago, when the eun never set on
the reeions of the north and when the
etrands along the sea were forever hid
den with mantles of living green.
"Hence It was that peace and plenty
fell to the lot of this people and sorrow
¦was unknown among them. But one day
a strange thing came to pass. As the peo
ple were resting and feaeting among the
trees, as wu their custom throughout
their wakeful hours, a beautiful canoe, as
white as ivory, was seen drifting silently
toward the shore from the direction of
the castle where dwelt the spirit of the
¦winds.
"Now, when the ivory white canoe had
floated quite up to the shore a great awe
fell upon the people, for there, fast asleep
among the folds of an ermine robe, lay a
beautiful maiden, whose skin was as fair
as the snow flower and whose hair was
like a mantle of sunshine. But when the
chief had borne the maiden to the shore
and questioned her whence ehe came, he
was troubled in his heart, for she had an
swered him:
"I am Delfa. the daughter of the spirit
of the winds, and I have drifted here from
yonder snow white castle in the north.
But I will return there no more. Hence
forth ray home shall be with you and your
A LEGEND OF
ARCTIC NIGHTS
The secret of glassblowing and tinting
is not yet entirely lost; there are still a
few. men who can produce glass work
equal to the things of this kind which the
ancients turned ; out hundreds of years
ago. But the average glass manufacturer
cannot produce, anything that could at all
compare with, some of the commoner ar
ticles the Egyptians and, later, the found
ers of Venice, manufactured: and those
who still hold the ancient secret guard It
so closely that It will probably die with
them. ¦
very . indistinct. Go to any big museum
and you will find ancient MSS. the writ
ing of which is as black and district as if
the*MSS. were written the day. before yes
terday.
Look at any letter, five or ten years old,
and you will probably notice that the
writing has faded to a brown color and is
Modern artists buy their colors ready
made and spend largs sums of money on
pigments with which to color their can
vases. The pictures of modern artists will
be colorless when many of the works of
ancient masters are as bright as they are
to-day. Just as the secret of dyeing. has
been lost, so has tho secret of preserving
the colors of artists' paints. Yet the secret
was known to every ancient artist, for
they all mixed their own colors.
wonderful richness of the colors of the
cloths, whicli, despite their age, are
brighter and purer than anything pro
duced nowadays.
Modern chemists cannot compound such
dyes . as were commonly used when the
gTeat nations of to-day were still unborn*
Now and again It happens that searchers
after antiquities come across fragments of
fabrics which were dyed thousands of
years ago, and they are astonishedby the
In modern buildings the cement and
mortar are the weakest points: in build
ings which the Romans and Greeks raised
thousands of years ago the cement and
mortar nro the strongest points and hold
good while the very stones -they bind .to
gether crumble away with age. We can
not, with all our science, make such ce-;
ment and mortar.
neither of which essentials can the mod
erns make as the ancients made them.
*jffr LTHOUGH marvelous strides hava
[L\ been made in almost every branch
ii v of knowledge In the last 100 years,
secrets known to scientist?), me
chanics and others long before the
beginning of that period have been lost.
For instance, thousands of years ago
Egyptians used to embalm the bodies of
their dead Kings and nobility so perfect
ly that the bodies are In wonderful pre
servation to-day. The valuable secret Is
lost, and modern science cannot recover
the lost knowledge. We can, of course,
and we do embalm bodies, but only for
temporary preservation, and compara
tively speaking, in a most unsatls
factory manner. Bodies "which are em
balmed nowadays will not be preserved
for more than a few years at most; very
many of the bodies the Egyptians em
balmed .before the birth of Christ aro
still so well preserved that the llnea of
their faces are as clearly marked to-day
as when they were first embalmed.
Sheffield turns out the finest and hard
est perfect steel the world produces, but
even Sheffield cannot produce a sword,
blade to compare ¦with those ' the Sara
cens made and used hundreds of years
ago, and the Saracens never possessed
the machinery we have, nor had the ad
vantage of knowing so much about
metals as we are supposed to know.
There are a dozen different methods of
making- artificial diamonds, but none of
tho stones produced by these methods
compare with these made of old French
paste, the secret of which Is lost. It wa3
difficult for even a person with expert
knowledge of diamonds to tell that they
were artificially produced, whereas most
of the modern artificial diamonds can
easily be detected.
People do not know how to put stones
and bricks together as the ancients did.
and consequently the buildings raised
nowadays are really mere temporary
structures and will be in ruins when the
ancient buildings of Greece and Italy,
which were built thousands of years ago,
are in as good condition as they are now.
The secret is not in the bricks or the
stone, but In the cement and mortar.
SOME SECRETS
LOST LONG AGO
ish on his gibbet.— London Spectator.
P=ir=3HE duel, which we associate espe
1 > daily with France and Italy, was
]> probably derived from the barbarous
north. Nor did it at the outset touch
the point of honor. It was rather an ap
peal from the judgment of a man to the
judgment of an all-wise Providence. The
ordeal by duel, In fact, was a rough-and
ready kind of justice with divine sanc
tion. If a man had been wronged by his
neighbor he challenged him to mortal
combat, he accepted the result without
question, and if death did not accompany
defeat the gallows awaited the miscreant
who was worsted in the fray. And, as be
came an affair of justice, the duel was
solemnly arranged and solemnly attended.
The King, who permitted it, commonly
witnessed it with all his court, so that it
was often a stately pageant. Such a duel
took place in 1540 between the Baron
d'Aguerre and the Lord of Fendillea.
Henri II of France forbade it. but the
Duo de Bouillon granted the lists in his
own country and the battle took place at
Sedan. The cause of the quarrel is imma
terial, and the duel is chiefly remarkable
for the truculence which Inspired the Lord
of Fendllles to prepare a gibbet and a fire
for his adversary when he should have,
vanquished him. But pride had its fall,
the Baron d'Aguerre was victorious, the
gibbet was never used and we are left
with a strange comment upon the man
ners of the fifteenth century. More re
markable still, because it lies outside the
rules of chivalry, was the fight between
two tailors. These persons, two common
journeymen, were not permitted any oth
er weapons than wooden clubs and trian
gular shields, and were compelled by
strict ordinance to fight to the .death.
As they entered the lists they cut an odd
figure. They were shaved and barefooted.
Their nails were pared and their leathern
clothes were tightly sewed upon them. Be
fore they began, to fight they demanded
grease, wood ashes and sugar— grease for
the besmearing of their garments, wood
ashes that their hands- rnight be better
able to hold their clubs and sugar to allay
their thirst. The fight, of course, was a
piece of crude brutality: the victor tore
out the eyes of his victim and flung him
over the stockade for the hangman to fin-
DUELS IN THE
DAYS OF YORE
"Editor B. — H. Department: Do any of
the leading authorities Indorse the use of
arsenic for # the complexion?" Answer:
"Arsenic is' highly recommended by all
coroners who have to depend on fees for
a living."
"Editor B.— H. Department: What 19
the best means for whitening the com
plexion?" Answer: "Authorities differ.
Some recommend bathing: others say
soap. Try a combination of both."
"Editor B.— H. Department: I am sub
ject to crying spells, and just as soon as I
stop crying my nose gets violently red.
What can you suggest for this mortifying
habit?" Answer: "Don't stop crying."
"Editor B.— H. Department: Please send
me the recipe entitled How to be beauti
ful forever." together with the best form
ula for making the elixir of life." An
swer: "We do no{ answer communica
tions written on one side of the paper
only — when unaccompanied by stamps.
Besides, you neglect "to state your name
as a mark of good faith. In addition,
your writing Is so illegible that we cannot
make it out. If not too old. ¦why don't
you go to night school?"— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
"Soup."
HOW is the time of year when peo
ple with much leisure on their
bands 'write to the papers and ask
for beauty hints of various kinds.
This makes it necessary for all well regu
lated Journals to have an expert on hand
to answer these frequently puzzling que
ries. For Instance:
"Editor Beauty— Hints Department:
How can I cure myself of hiccoughing?"
Answer: "Easy. Hold your breath. Be
sure to hold it long enough."
"Editor B. — H. Department: I am seri
ously troubled with sunburn. Is there any
simple way of removing it?" Answer:
"Have you tried sandpaper?" ,
"Editor B. — H. Department: I am a
fresh young girl of nine— nine in the fam
ily. Can you send re > some simple yet
p-rmanent recipe' for dyeing nay hair a
fawn color?" Answer: "All our recipes
are permanent, but we are afraid fawn
color will come too deer."
"Editor B. — H. Department: What do
you recommend for chilblains?" Answer:
"Our winter scrapbook of recipes Is mis
laid. Write us again In December."
"Editor B. — H. Department: My teeth
hurt me when I bite on solid food. What
do you recommend for this?" Answer:
HOT WEATHER
BEAUTY HINTS
Been but two summers. .
It was true that they must fight life's
battles alone. One revelation Jones made
to his wife at parting was he was
penniless, the residue of his Ill-gotten
gains having teen spent In preparing a
defense that proved faulty. Soon after
the period of his Incarceration commenced
the home was sold to pay attorney fees,
and the belated family came to San Fran
cisco. Then the struggle really began.
For five years Mrs. Jone3 has lived In
humble quarters , and eked out an exist
ence for herself and little ones. Through
her efforts the elder children are being
educated, and when not at school they
render assistance In supplying for them
selves the necessities of life. The strain
has left telling marks on the health of the
noble woman, and tho children, more than
any one else, knew what the result might
be. The repeated efforts of their father's
friends to secure his release were all for
naught, and they had almost reconciled
themselves to the Inevitable of seeing
him languish In prison until the law's will
was done. The announced visit of McKIn
ley gave the first ray of light to dispel the
disheartening gloom.
They had heard of the executive's phil
anthropy, and reached for the tender spot
In his heart. By reputation he was a good,
kind man. and he certainly could not be
deaf to the pleadings of four little ones
made fatherles3 by the arm of the law.
Long before the Presidential party ar
rived the petition was prepared. It was
read and re-read, altered and dressed in
terms that would best express all that
they wanted to tell of their miserable
lives and of the sunshine tnat awaited
them If th.elr prayer was heard. The doc
ument was the work of the eldest daugh
ter. Kthel. now 15 years of age. She told
of the struggle that had continued In the
home since the "Warden took Its bread
earner away. In touching language she
spoke of her mother's health, and con
cluded with this .sentence:
"If you don't let father out we will soon
have no mother."
At times they wondered If an opportu
nity of seeing the great President would
ever present Itself. The Illness of Mrs.
McKlnley and the lnfrequency with which
her husband appeared on the streets al
most tempted them to Intrust the paper to
some one who had the President's ear.
They knew it was impossible to secure an
audience at the Scott home, and oppor
tunities seemed dwindling away. Chief of
Police Sullivan, they thought, might ba
asked for assistance, but when the dark
angel receded from the sick woman's cot
they concluded that little Rodney should
at least make an attempt to present the
petition himself.
The lad, when he was not selling papers
at Sutter and Kearny streets, watched
for a chance. He lingered near the Scott
home and followed the carriages wherever
the President went. For a time he met
with no success. He was not quick enough
or he was held back at too great a dis
tance to accomplish his mission.
On the afternoon of the Knights Tem
plar parade Rodney, lingered near the Pal
ace Hotel. He saw the President's car
riage wait, and elbowed his way Into the
front rank of the crowd. "When McKlnley
was about to step Into the carriage he
broke through the lines and rushed to
ward him. The big policeman had not an
ticipated the move.
Looking up into the benevolent face the
lad held the petition in his outstretched
hand. The President took it. smiled and
thrust It Into his overcoat pocket. The
big policeman, having recovered from his
surprise. Jammed the youthful petitioner
back Into the crowd and the carriage
rolled away. But the boy was happy. He
thought he paw a reason to hope In Me-
Kinley's smile.
Weeks have passed and no answer in
the nature of official action has teen re
ceived. The mother and children toll In
the same old way and the father remains
in prison. The children wonder If their
supplication has ever been heard, or
whether it remains unread In the Presi
dent's overcoat pocket.
Four weeping babies watched him from
the doorway as he was led away: Ethel,
aged 10; Rodney, three years younger:
Enos, aged- 4, and Baby Jack, who had
In a comfortable home on the west side
of town lived the convict's family. Thith
er he went in company with Warden L.
O. Henderson of the Nevada penitentiary
to tell his wife and babies that they must
face the world alone for awhile and to bid
them adieu. Those of the sorrowing 1
household felt the parting keenly, for a
man never treated his family with more
consideration than did this husband and
father. The luxuries that had been af
forded by his stealings were distributed
at his fireside, and his spouse and children
were now willing to suffer his disgrace,
grant him forgiveness and give him an
assurance that, although behind prison
bars, he would always be in their hearts.
During the first trial the promised vin
dication did not come, but there was to
be another inquisition and, with it, an
other opportunity. The second trial only
served to strengthen 'the presumption of
guilt. The defense attempted to show
that inexperienced hands, had allowed the
precious metal to escape in solution. As
says were taken from the soil at the
mouth of the drain pipe, but the report
offered by the defense differed vastly from
that made by the povernment assayers.
Again it was offered as evidence that bul
lion had escaped with the smoke through
the flues. This was so apparently ridicu
lous that Sam Davl3, the humorist. In a
burst of witticism, painted word pictures
of "Golden Sunsets" and "Cloud3 with
silver linings," as gracing the Nevada
skies. The evidence pro and con > placed
the case In a condition that Jones' pre
vious good character alone remained on
his side of the balance. Had It been left
to a popular vote, even at that stage, the
unfortunate man would never have gone
to prison, but the Jury was Instructed to
judge according to the law and the evi
dence, and in doing so pronounced the
words of doom. One week later Jones re
ceived his sentence.
The first trial resulted in a disagree
ment. The people of the town sympa
thized with the man on trial, and every
consideration and assistance in the hour
of his embarrassment were extended him.
His promises we're unfulfilled. The
prosecution conducted by General Robert
M. Clark was built upon some sound
grounds. It was established that a short
age existed In the Mint and that it was
the result of theft. The methods of the
robbers were exposed, and even the par
ticular melts from which the gold had
been extracted were specified. Then the
accuser pointed his finger at the defend
ant, John T. Jones, and offered to the Jury
evidences of his Built.
During the progress of his trial Jones
maintained a demeanor of indifference
and reiterated to his friends his promise
that when given an opportunity he would
dispel the cloud of suspicion shading that
particular era of his life. He said he
would walk from the courtroom a free
man, exonerated and a hero because of
the humiliation and mental anguish
pressed upon him by bungling officials.
Shortly after Harris* incumbency orders
were received from Washington to con
solidate a number of melts that had been
stored for years in the vaults. They all
varied In fineness, and after the' new
metal bad been molded Into bars they
were chipped for assay purposes. The
deficiency in gold gave the official cause
for alarm. He consulted his trusted serv
ant, but always received the , assurance
that everything would be all right. A
general clean-up was made, the chimneys
were cleaned and the sweepings of . the
floors preserved. It was soon evident that
the loss had not been Incurred by waste,
and Harris made a report to his supe
riors. Andrew Mason, chief of the New-
York assay office, was dispatched to the
coast with instructions to probe the mat
ter to the bottom.
Hclted his advice In all matters, leaving
the management of the entire department
in his keeping and resting easy under
the confidence he reposed in his subordi
nate. ' • .
RODNEY JONES' PETITION TO PRESIDENT McKINLEY
suspense. On a Saturday afternoon in i
April the United States Marshal placed t
his hand on a man's shoulder and took i
him to jail. The arrest did not come In t
the nature of a sensatkm. John T. Jonws,
the assistant melter and refiner of the t
Mint, bon vivant fellow, was accused of j
theft and it was rumored that he was i
but the first of many to be taken into d
the toils. ]
What led to the detection of Jones was t
his reckless expenditure of money. Ho i
received a salary of but $200 a month, yet t
spent thousands in excess of that amount. ¦.
He was a man of jovial dlspostilon, benefi- ]
cent and charitable, and when he told
the story that he had acquired his wealth s
by lucrative investments in stocks none i
hesitated in accepting the statement as '
truth. Before the shortage was discov
ered there was no reason to dispute him. *
Nothing had transpired that would give '
rise to any suspicions and his golden dol
lars continued to flow into the channels '
of trade, increasing his popularity and
bringing him into the roremost rank of
prominent citizenship.
Then came the news of the spurious
metal in the Mint. It was quickly traced
to the department of which he had al
most absolute supervision, the melter and
refiner being a sickly man who was
obliged to spend most of his time In San
Francisco under a physician's treatment
and who died during his term of office,
leaving his assistant to succeed him.
Doubt was then cast on the story of the
wealth-producing stocks.
The detectives made an examination of
the transactions in which Jones was al
leged to have made his money, but in
stead of reaping a gain for the Investor
they were shown to have incurred a loss.
The assistant was called to account fnr
his sudden flight to fortune. He came to
Carson a poor man and within four y.-ars
had limitless funds. The amount he spent
could not be estimated and there was still
a goodly sum to his credit in the banks.
Jones promised to explain, but failed to
offer anything of a satisfactory nature
and his arrest followed.
Jamts.Her.ey, an employe la tlie ni^ior
When the illicit substitution was made
but 17% points of gold was left in each
melt, reducing them in value many thou
sands of dollars.
At the annual inspection of the mints
the melts are placed on scales and if they
are of the correct weight they are passed
without comment. No assays are taken.
A bronzed color was given the spurious
bars by painting them with acid and after
a casual examination the inspectors had
no hesitancy in accepting them for what
they- purported to be in fineness. All this
was done under the regime that ened in
1894. ,
With a change of administration came
a change in the heads of the departments
In the Mint. Hirsch Harris, a Genoa mer
chant, was given a political plum, * but
while he might have been proficient in
the disposition of his wares, his knowledge
of Mint affairs was limited to what he
had read of and heard about. He had had
no practical experience, and when Jones
offered to remain in the department as
his assistant he gladly accepted the prop
osition and set about to become acquaint
ed with his new duties. He cast the bulk
of the responsibility upon Jones and so-
and refiner's department, was also caught
in the meshes of the law and. the. i\vi
men were brought to trial several months"
later. Their methods in robbing the poiyi
ernment were systematic. Gold was ex
tracted from bars of bullion and silver
substituted In Us stead. By operating Irj
this manner they were able to escape de
tection for a. number of years, and it waa
not until assays were taken that the din
covery was made. Pure gold counts liK'O
points fine. Equal proportions of ttoVil
and silver are specified at 500 points each.
Most of the melts that profited the loot
ers were about half gold and half silver,
the auriferous metal assaying 476V4 points.
"Walt and Bee."
TO most San FY&nclscans the visit
of McKinley meant little more than
an opportunity of seeing and wel
coming the chief executive of a
great nation. It meant parades and
fireworks and brass bands.
But out on Filbert street are four bright
laced children to whom the coming of the
august personage was a momentous
event. It afforded to them a great op
portunitj'—greater perhaps, despite their
tender years, than may ever claim their
anxiety again.
Among themselves they had conceived
a plan that might open the gates of their
lather's prison cell. The restoration of
his freedom would bring happiness to a
darkened household, health and strength
to a repining mother and partially lift the
stigma that stalks in the wake of crime.
The four youngsters— two girls and two
boys— realized the advantage In McKln
ley's presence here. They had looked for
ward to it evrr since the first press dis
patches announced that the coast would
be so honored. For months hope alter
nated with fear In their hearts.
To claim the attention of the President
on matters pertinent to pardons they
knew to be difficult even with the mighty.
Men of influence had tried and failed.
Politician* arid friends had started the
wheel* of th» machinery that could un
lock the doors almost as eoon as they had
closed upon their father, but five years
had now passed and the bars were stiil
up. wtth tittle prospect of coming down
until the court's Judgment should have
been exacted to the letter.
So th« eon* and daughters of the Im
prisoned man resolved to try for them
selves. The oldest child, a girl of 15
years, tolling dally tn a factory, wrote a.
petition. Three more babies appended
their signature* below hers and « boy
who contribut«w to the family support by
celling newspapers waa chosen to pre
sent It. v • - •
At this critical point of Ume the pros
pective visit Inspired the little ones with
hope. Washington was a long distance
off and communications wer« often lost
in the bulk of official matter. They ar
gued that if the prayer could b« presented
by one of them in person they could rest
assured that th« President would receive
It; but if It tt-ere trusted to the maila
ecme secretary. Ignorant of the 6ad urg
ency of the case, might pigeonhole or dis.
card it without notice. So when tha news
that the one invested with power to crush
or elevate their dream* would soon be
near where they might pee hie face an»J
talk to him the great barrier se«m*d re.
mov*d, and they worked to contuwmat*
their plans.
The petition was presented t« McKInley
—placed in his hands by the boy whos*
face bespoke Intense yearning. Put now
the little faces are again beginning tQ
wear the withering expression of disap
pointment and the old load is shifting
back upon their hearts. No acknowledge
ment. eave a single smile, has been re
ceived and the precious paper has not yet
been productive of reward.
1b 1S94 a shortage was discovered in th«
Mint at Carson City. Xev. As an inves.
tlgation proceeded under the direction of
Andrew Mason, one of the shrewdest ex.
perts in America. th« amount of the de.
falcaticn increased until It had reached
$67,030. The Intimation that a theft ha-l
occurred in tha institution produced con.
eternatlon In the little Nevada town.
Anxiously the population awaited each bit
of news that wae from day to day given
to the press.
The finger of suspicion was pointed
hither and thither and the names of well
known and respected employes became
tangled In the meshes of scandal. "What
are the detectives doing?" was the ques
tion on every tongue. It was generally
known that secret service men were in
town, but they operated In the dark and
their ways were inscrutable to all save
themselves. When their Identity finally
became known, they emlled at question
ers and gave the Invariable answer,
The curious hail not long to endure their
THE SUNDAY CALI,-
people."
"And immediately the spirit of the
winds arose in the north and In a terrible
vol«-e commanded that his daughter be
restored to him Immediately. But when
the people of the tribe sought out their
chief and counseled him to give the
Princers into her father's hands the youth
stood mute before them. Then, in obedi
ence to a gesture, they entered his ruined
house, and there on a couch lay the beau
tiful Princess, with her white hands —
whiter now than the snow flowers — folded
silently over her breast.
"When the spirit of the \rlr.ds looked
forth and beheld the Princess cold in
death on the desolate strand, his anger
xv-as yet more terrible agralnst the kneeling
multitude, artt he commanded darkness to
come upon them. And the ice and the
cold, end the darkness continued for the
space of m.iny days before the offended
Kpfrit would relent and suffer the sun
shine to return for a brief season."—Chi
caso Chronicle.
6THE lawyer and his feo !¦ the toplo
of conversation now. All this new
interest and speculation was caused
by the proposed settling of the Fair
estate, lawyers, Hko everybody
els*, rtoy «n luck. Bometlraes they win
and nornftlmcs they l«s<>.
C P. CrKtentVn hua th* proud distinc
tion of bcinir th«» nrst lawyer In th» Sti\t«
to cet a larse fe*. He Rtft $T<ft.<wn from the
"McOaulry vn. the St*l* of OUIforfcta"
nult. Acaln In 1ST* he straightened out a
ncrnj* brtwevn William V. Thornberff
Ncu'.r^". the Pav«ii« mine. The company
pave him $30.00rt Just to prove that tfcere
was no Ul-fecllnc between them.
An attorney r»«?rupt«>s a peculiar position.
Colonel Kowalsky Bays:
"The lawyer Is the most trusted and dis
trusted of men. The busy office over
•which he presides Is not a place of eun
sninft. The client never carries his pleas
ures or Joys to the lawyer; the only thing
he cornea with are sorrows and burdens,
troubles, trials and tribulations. The law
yer's life is anything but a peaceful one;
It Is constant contention. His clients nec
essarily confide to him. or rather should
confide to him, their innermost secrets,
and yet lawyers frequently say that cli
ents. In order to create a good impression
and to make their case seem substantial
and strong, add*a little romance and wink
at verity, thus ofttimes misleading them.
"The term of 'lawyer* In its practical
eense is generic. The branches of the law
are many axd varied, and, while lawyers
understand the general principles of law.
the law, like other professions, has spe
cial lines, and is . therefore fast passing
Into conditions where the specialist Is
called In. Men In the law have reputa
tions for different special attainments ip.
specific directions. You hear tell «f a law
yer who is a great pleader. Under eoiu»
tnon acceptance of the word this is un<ler.
stood to mean one who argues well or who
is a great orator: but pleading means the
most important function that a lawyer can
perform— it is in the preparation of his
papers, to Ret himself fully and fairly into
court so that he can maintain and estab
lish his case; in other words, it l« to cop,-
Etmct his case upon law so that his op
ponent cannot overcome him.
"Some are good equity lawyers; that
means, to use the technical term, lawyers
who deal with the equity side of the court,
or, to be more explicit. In the language of
the lawyer, the one who deals with that
class of cases where there Is no complete,
speedy or adeqTiate remedy at law, and
therefore the equity side of the court must
be resorted to.
••Soire are called good Jury lawyers.
What is meant by that is that they have
gt>od diycercment and are capable of un
derstanding: human nature and are sener
aiiy correet In their judgments and in the
selection of the Jurors who are Impaneled
to try the cause. That, of course, carriei
with it that one Is necessarily rood at cx«
sminfes his wUnesses and still better at
cross-examining his opponent's witnesses,
with the capability to present his cause
with vigor and energy before the Jury. He
must be logical, convincing and oratorical.
"Then there is the criminal lawyer, who
has much of the «ame qualities as the Jury
lawyer. There are many other divisions
In which the lawyer can be placed, but
this Is sufficient to choir the divergency of
this ereat profcssloa.
"For some reaaon. wti«th«fr due to Jeal
ousy or not. the lawyer is usually dis
trusted by the average merchant; Just
why no satisfactory reason has ever been
ventured. There are many wealthy law
yers, yet the niercantile world attempts
to epedf y the lawyer as being a poor bvsi
ness man. and yet -when tbe business man
gets into trouble and cannot extricate
himself, he is forced to guhmit his busi
ness troubles to the very man whom. be«
fore he needed him. he claimed was with
out business capacity.
"When a man in th* legal profession be
comes what is called *n all-round practi
tioner and 1b equally gcxxl In all branches
ROYAL CHILDREN WHO ARE
NOW IN THE PUBLIC EYE.
THE British public Is oidy Just begin
ning to look upon the little Prince
Edward, the *>eventb anniversary of
I whose birth r.-as recently celebrated,
In the light of future King. The im
portance of his x>lar« in the machine of
«tat« Is somewhat magnified by the ab
nence of his father. According to present
plans*. Prince Edward wilt be a sailor, go
ing 1 upon the training ship Britannia in a
few years. Hi3 present education consists
of a few ehort daily lessons given by
Mademoiselle Brilca. for many years com
panion to the late Duchess of Teck. The
King is Bald to be strongly opposed to
•'etufflr.gr his children with too much
knowledge." HI* recollection Is keen of
how unpleasant It was to be a "walking
dictionary" at 29. •
A etory Is goins the rounds of young
Prince Edward's precoclousnesR. At a Ju
venile party. In the presence of the Duke
of Cornwall, he vu siven two pieces of
wood, fcr which h« solemnly thanked his
playmates with old-fashioned expressions,
whereupon the Duke of Cornwall ex
claimed. "The little wretch! He speaks
better than I Co," which Is not far wrong,
for the Duke of Cornwall Is notoriously
nervous and unfitted for public speaXTng.
The youngster, who t» known to his roy
al relatives as "Klnp David." is paid to
have a natural predilection for the sea. Ha
was Immensely popular with the officers
and men aboard the cruiser Crescent while
his -father was in command of her. and
proved remarkably adept In learning nau
tical terms and phrases. To the horror of
his parents, but the keen enjoyment of his
nyal grandfather, h» occasionally in
dulges In pure, unadulterated sailor Jar
gon.
In rating up" the princesses of Europe,
who thinks of the host of daughters of
Abdul Hamid. father of th# faithful Sul
tan of Turkey?
And who th!r.k3 of Abdul Hamid him
»elf In the ligfat of doting: parent, particu
larly of girls, the least profitable invest
ments In a Mussulman country?
Yet lie has two daughters who are the
light of his eyes. Zekkle and Fatlma are
their namea, and while Zck'de Is a rosy.
The Southern breakfast of fried chicken
and waffles Is not to be indulged In fre
quently by this generation under penalty
of indigestion, but for once In a summer
It Is delicious. Waffles are considered dif
ficult to prepare, yet really .they are as
simple as possible. The recipe which
never fails to give perfect results calls for
one pint cf milk, two egrgs, two teaspoon
. fuls of baking powder and butter the sire
of an egg. with flour to a thin batter.
These waffles, with maple syrup, .may be
unwholesome, but they are, good enough
to tempt any one to gastronomic sin.—
Harper's Bazar.
Sad to relate, the Sultan's favorite, of
all, his exquisite little Hailie, a daughter
of bis first wife, was burned to death
through playing with matches. Cruel
and callous as he Is believed, to be. It Is
Bald that Abdul Hamid has never been
able to forget this Ios3 or* to speak of ;the
child -without emotion.
300 feet In' the Central mine valued at not
more than $1200.' "Williams took It and
later when the Comstock boom was on
the Central poured out gold fast and furi
ously. As. luck would have it his 100 feet
was in the heart of the belt and his share
amounted to about ; $2,000,000.
From $1200 to $2,000,000!
The Comstock, which, by the way, has
turned out over $500,000,000, has • made
many a lawyer dance with glee.
William T.Baggett was. paid $200,000 for
the Hale vs. Norcross case.
Curtis J. ; Hillyer received monthly from
$1500 • to ' $2000 for a long time, and it was
his duty, to - keep the numerous' . fusses
quieted down and to see that . puace
reigned.. - : t . ¦'..-/' . •.
Judge • W. S.~ Mesick was . another man
"who liberally, helped himself from the
thtjr nave enargea clients for their ser
vices, and the colonel is one of them. He '
received $50,000 from the Sharon estate,
$50,000 from the Jessup estate, the same
amount from the Blythe estate and about
$30,000 from the Piper estate. Most of
these cases were a bitter struggle from
beginning to end, yet he realized a cool
$180,000. That seems to the uninitiated
well worth the time and labor expended.
Thomas H. Williams, the . father of
Thomas H. Williams, the horseman, was
a lucky as well as a clever man.
In 1S58 he served as Attorney General
of California. Duringr that time he made
enough money In one deal to last him a
lifetime and to pass on to his son.
' For his services he' charges a client
$1500. At that time his client didn't have,
the ready cash and so offered Williams
"wine; women and song" and the least
of his troubles' was his money or what
happened to It. j
Hall McAllister made a good inning fif
teen years ago. "When the trouble about
Irrigation began in the southern part of
the State it caused . considerable excite
ment. •
Mr. .Jones wanted water run through
his land, and, if he didn't get it he saw
iuin staring him in the face. .', Now it so
happened that Mr. Smith, his neighbor,
didn't see through the same glasses that
Jones did, and just to be doing: refused
to give him, right .of way. : '
Jones saw! two things — ruin or Hall Mc-
Allisteri Somehow the latter seemed easier,
and more Inviting 1 . . Accordingly he set
out for San Francisco: as fast as • the
Southern Pacific could take him, and
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Though dean of the Paris faculty of
Protestant theology, the late Auguste Sa
batler constantly wielded his pen In Le
Temps In defense of freedom of thought.
He lived 62 years. His best works are on
the sources of ' the life of Christ and a
philosophy of rcllsion. ..;"'.. ¦
mR. THEODORE A. COOK, the old
Oxford Blue, writes of "The
Rowing World of Liondon" in an
• article in Cassell's Magazine for
July. He says: "The root of the whole
business, to my mind. Is this training of
the younger men. It is no good, because
a few exceptional examples may be quot
ed, to say that any strong and healthy
man of two or three-and-twenty can pick
up rowing on a sliding seat without any
preliminary trouble. As a matter of fact,
almost aa much attention to detail, and
certainly quite as much practical expe
rience, is needed by the novice with the
oar as with the fencing foil. Rowing is
not a matter of mere slugging. Brute
strength will not move a light boac
through the water, even when she is
broader In the beam and six feet shorter
than the old models used to be. This has
rarely been so clearly proved as wheu
W. A. L. Fletcher of Oxford took up the
task of teaching Cambridge men the finer
points of rowing. Persistently, vigorous
ly, patiently, he drilled his crew until they
had mastered all the small but essential
details of rowing in good style, such as
the proper use of inside and outside hand,
the arching of the inside wrist, the Hat
swing back of the outside wrist to an un
cramped finish, the stead" balancing
swing, the arm-reach, the proper clip of
the beginning at full stretch, the instan
taneous spring and heave of the body
weight direct from the heels with a free
swing back, the elastic . release of hands
and body on the recovery. Even now I
have scarcely enumerated half the points
¦which go to make a perfect style, and. I
need hardly say that a first-rate oar does
neariy all of them unconsciously.
"Now, what does that involve? It means
that a series of artificial motions have to
be so ingrained in the fiber of a man that
at last he performs them instinctively and
without an effort to remember them. It
means also that the tyro who has never
held an oar before must be taught one
after , another, slowly and persistently,
and scarcely allowed to proceed to a new
motion beforo the last is so thoroughly
ROWING IS A FINE ART AND
NOT A MATTER OF BRAWN.
understood as to have become automatic
All this must be taught him in a craft
safe enough to banish from his mind any
possibility of her not keeping steady
whatever he may do. As he advances In
his work he will not only be unconsciously
learning watermanship In the abstract,
but he will be acquiring a style which
will make the actual details of good oars
manship in a light boat come with the
greatest ease. He will have begun In a
heavy tub on fixed seats, and finally raced
In a lighter (but c'.Inker-bullt) boat, still
on fixed seats. That teaches him the use .
of swing and stretcher. Then he will get
to sliding seats in a tub. and so to sliding;
seats In a clinker-built four or eight." He
is very near the end now, and the great
est possible care should be taken to erad
icate any faults before it is too late; for
the last step »s into a keelless cedar boat
with canvas fore and aft. in which every
error* is promptly paid for by personal
discomfort, and by loss cf general happi
ness that is shared by every member of
the crew. Unless these several stages are
carefully taken I believe no one can turn
out a good oar. Can every captain in the
best metropolitan clubs tell mo that hte
recruits go through them properly? "We
have a hot crew coming over from the
University of Pennsylvania for this year's
Henley, and other foreign entries may be
expected. These clubs are all as keen as
mustard on proving- the.mselves as good
as any English combination, and they
will do so, if not this year, then very
shortly, unless we wake up to the fact
that we are resting on our reputation and
that other countries are taking far more
trouble than we are to master the ele
ments of good rowing. The question
whether Great Britain's old supremacy
is to be lost in yet another sport ean be
answered by the captains of our English
clubs, and by them alone."
Lawyers' fee3 sound not only large, but
exorbitant to most people, but In thesa
advanced day3 it is every man for him
self, and in law. as In everything else, it
Is as Mr. Kowalsky put it. 'The survival
of the fittest."
There are some lawyers who don't ask:
fancy prices when they might. Henry E.
Highton came here in 1S49, &i.d has dur
ing that time been mixed up with all ths
original railroad magnates — Crocker, Stan
ford, Hopkins and Huntlngton—some
times for and sometimes against, but his
largest fee never -went over $20,000. Yet
this man has a reputation for trying
more cases than any other man in this
State. From the Cole vs. Bacon suit ha
got $16,000 and from the Mussell Slough,
and San Pablo ranch cases somewhere In
the neighborhood of $10,000.
Judge Bindley is another high salaried
attorney. He keeps a watchful eye on the
Bunker Hill and Sullivan and the Alaska.
Mining companies' Interests. For that he
is paid a yearly sum that mounts up Into
the thousands.
"William F. Herrin of the Southern Pa
cific gets $25,000 a year to prove that acci
dents are due to carelessness on the part
of the party Injured. Charles I*. Acker
man gets $15,000 from the Market-street
Railway Company for exactly the same
thing. As a rule, both of them have
something on hand, for somebody Is eter
nally and forever breaking his head.
There are lawyers who are making
money whether they work or not. In their
case it isn't "No work, no pay," but often
pay and little if any work. ,
But all lawyers, and eminently success
ful ones at that, don't make their for
tunes in a pile that way. For instance.
E. S. Plllsbury is providing for the fu
ture, but he is doing it a little slower.
He is considered one of the best corpora
tion lawyers on the Pacific Coast and hla
name pays a big interest. He la allowed
$6000 a year from "Wells-Fargo Company
and as much or more from the telephone
company. That shows a yearly Income of
$12,000 from two cllent3. and he has hla
hands full to overflowing. Certainly no
one could accuse him of losing money.
General Barnes has hla stanch admir
ers and a well filled pocketbook to boot.
He walked off with $150,000, his share of
the Sharon estate, and Stewart & Herri a
followed in his footsteps . with another
$150,000.
Why shouldn't she?
For aces and ages some men hav« been
more fortunate than others, and certainly
Edward F. Preston was born under a
lucky star. He has made heaps of money.
Perhaps one of the biggest fees came to
him through Mrs. Donahue. When her
brother, William S. O'Brien, died he left
her a million or so. She immediately ap
plied to Preston to bring suit for a di
vorce against, her husband. Her wealth
meant freedom, and she gave the man
who' secured It for her $200,000. But. as a.
quaint fellow remarked, "Her money
didn't cost her ' anything— in Xact. she
nearly dropped dead when she got it. anil
why shouldn't she give her/lawyers a bis
fee?"
W. \\\ Foot© dabblsd a little tn th«
•am» sutt, just enough to put in a bill for
$30,000. It U easy to do a littles glob* trot
ting when estates pay so well. But. attar
all, the $900,000 or more that Mr*. Moor*
has paid to her attorneys meant a few
millions for herself. It was all or noth
ing with her, so a paltry million dtda't
cut much flgkre In the case. Just to keep
things rolling in the right direction Mr.
Foote put In a bill for $75,000 for serviced
rendered to the Merrill estate.
That estate has been unfortunate la
pcytng out large sums to lawyers. T. L
Bergin was paid W23.000 and W. 1L It.
Hart 800.000. That tn Itself would k»«p
the wolf from the door a Uttla while.
Garber, Bishop A Boa It hav» played til
luck for years, For thalr part of th«
Blythe litigation they asked 1130,000, and
what ts more to the point, irot It, too.
California thinks it is a good thing to
keep money in circulation. It makes
things busy and prosperous, don't you
know. "
j. ,
The largest fees in this case will be paid
to Lloyd & "Wood, $480,000; John Garber,
BU'hop & "Wheeler, $480,000, and Knight &
Heggerty, $3G0,000. The total sum asked
In this single instance amounts to $2,260,
000.:
"there is many a slip twixt the cup and
the lip" you know, and they may have
to join the clients' ranks and "wait and
hepe and hope and wait." , .
"William M. Plerson and Garret W. Mc-
Enerney •will both get $100,000 apiece from
that same estates If all goes well. But
George E. Crothers says: "It Is as hard
to get a fee as It is to pull a tooth." He
furthermore says it would . be presump
tuous for such a young man to make any
remarks about the profession. "Come to
me in twelve or fourteen years when I
have had more experience, more sense—
and more money."' Yet this modest fel
low and R. B. Mitchell draw down $100,900
from the estate. That isn't so bad for a
beginner.
That estate has made just a few law
yers swell up with pride, particularly the
younger one|.
It seems to run in the "Wilson family
to make money hand over fist. The first
Wilson, Samuel M., made about as many
big fees as any legal adviser in his time,
and his sons, "Wilson & "Wilson, ¦were fol
lowing in his footsteps when they de
manded $240,000 from the Fair estate.
John B. Felton was another lawyer who
made lots of money in his day. He was
noted especially for compromises. About
thirty years ago he made $500,000 out of
what was known as "The City Slip"
cases. They were widely discussed at tils
time, so he got his share of fame as well
as money.
However, McAllister didn't have to wor
ry about his dally bread, for his money
came easily. He made many large Zees.
He got $150,000 from the Colton case, and
after his death, his estate was paid $130,
000 from the Blythe estate.
In five minutes from that time Hall Mc-
Allister and Mr. Jones were doing the
double quickstep for the train. Victory
number one for Jonea. Not long aftf.r
that the same attorney journeyed slowly
up from Bakersfield, where he had been
teaching the fellows how to water land.
Incidentally, and merely to show how
forcible and thorough his training was,
he carried $£0,000 back with him. McAl
lister met his match in Jones, for the in
nings showed two for Jones and one for
his attorney.
Two or three days later iound McAllis
ter's office occupied by one Mr. Jones
from Southern California. He had
• brought his bed and blankets and intend
td to stay until he was accompanied home
by one Hall McAllister.
Again and again he was told to hie him
hence. He never budged. "At last it
dawned upon Mr. McAllister that the only
way to pet rid ol his ardent admirer was
to go with him. He parleyed. Asked about
liis case. About the pay. To the latter
Question he receKcd an indefinite reply.
Wait until the cusu wag won.
The result was that Jones went home
alone. All that he could see anywhere
all along the line was parched land and
failure was spelled In capital letters on
every fence, and dangled from every tree.
No, ho was too busy. Had too many
clients right in San Francisco. Could
make more money by staying at homo.
Couldn't think of such a proposition for
an instant. I
But troubles never come singly. They
come tn whole bunches and Jonea fait
that h« had more than his share. Ho
couldn't even interest the man he had
traveled a tew hundred miles to see. .
found th« attorney who mads people sea
that black was white and vice versa.
same pan. He realised $3Q,00Q from .what
was as the "Bonama Cases," Then
when he lost all that, ha got $80,000 fiora
the. Klnney ease.
He was the. .fortunate man .who was
called, upon to net the divorce for Mr*.
Fair against her husband, James Q. Fair,
nnd. when he placed her freedom In her
hands the handed him hack, by way of
courtesy, a cheek for $100,000. It Is said
that In a year from the time of Mrs.
Fair's generosity not one cent of the $100,
000 remained. The clever Judge, was not
unlike other men. he had a failing for
7
THE LAWYER AND HIS FEE.
and practice of law. he Is considered by
his brother lawyers as a very groat man.
If ever any of the bars in America pos
sessed an Individual whose capabilities
upon this subject were pre-eminently
complete tn every direction such «v man
existed at the head of th« Callforntan
bar. The greatest all-round, lawyer th&^
California's history boasted of wt\* the
late' Hall McAllister, a man of gtant
physique and whose mentality was com
parable with the tremendous natural
force and positive, yet kindly, personal
ity thnt he possessed. McAllister was as
pood In the capacity of «flleo> lawyer as
ho was In delivering an argument before
Home tribunal and equally as pood tn a
civil cause as he was in defending a mur
derer. He was considered the loader of
this bar when he died, and It would be
difficult to suggest a name that would be
quite able to take his place.
"Mr. McAllister once said that he con
sidered lawyers the highest and best
type of manhood; that they lived by their
cwn mental exertions and efforts; that in
t'-.p days if nract'oe. v.'hen written
sx.^iuiatlcns were considered bad lorm,
the word of a lawyer was always suffi
cient; that the greatest temptation for
the lawyer to do wrong was usually tend
ered him by his client, and if the average
lawyer accepted his clients' suggestion. 0
he would find himself constantly in hot
water.
"Speaking of the shrewdness and
astuteness of> lawyers, the late John B.-
Felton said that they were the most eon
fldir.g of men and the most gullible. To
see a lawyer In court arguing a matter
or examining witnesses is accepted by the
average person as all the labor the attor
ney has to perform In r case. The lay
man knows nothing of the great prepara
tion necessary before the trial is had and
th« great amount of work in preparing
motions and transcripts and all the im
portant work to which the lawyer Is com
pelled to devote his attention. The trial
is only an incident.
"There are nearly 2000 lawyers In Sar.
Francisco at the present time, but. all
men who graduated as lawyers do not
follow the profession. Many eligible
young m*n take the course In law just to
say they have a profession.
"It is here as elsewhere the case of the
•survival of the fittest,' and tn law as in
all other professions and businesses, you
find men who are not quite able to reach
the mark. It migrht be said that out of
the 2300 practicing attorneys here that
you could probably count the very suc
cessful ones within 100, although there
are any number who make a very good
living. The struggling young attorney Is
entitled to the world's sympathy, espe
cially if he has no flnanc'al backing. H ! s
obligations are many. He must dress
well, keep in good society, do nodal
duties— all Just the same as his older
brother in tho law does— and all this
costs money. Unless he has a clientele
he is financially embarrassed."
But there are any amount of lawyers
who are not "financially embarrassed,"
judging from the round amounts that
roly-poly little blonde, looking mow like
en English Princess than an Ottoman
one, Fatinia transgresses evej-y law of
beauty as prescribed in Turkey, where
every pound of flesh Is an added charm.
She is tall and thin, of rather delicate and
melancholy appearance.
These girls married two brothers, the
sons of Osman Pasha, the hero of Plevna.
The third one. Nalle, might linger unmar
ried in a free country, for it is whispered
that angels have sweeter dispositions
than she. But the Sultan selects his
sons-in-law before ascertaining their In
clinations, or, to be quite accurate, with
out concern for them, which shows that
for an unattractive -woman there are some
advantages in living in an absolute auto
cracy, especially if she has the discre
tion to pick out the supreme autocrat for
her father.
Aiche, the fourth daughter of' whom
much is known, is 13, which in Turkey
means that she Is a woman, and Is ex
tremely beautiful. Then there are a le
gion of other?, of whom Abdul Hamid
himself, perhaps, cannot always recall the
names. Their lives are spent in »eclude.l
splendor. -In the case of one of them the
conservative Sultan made a radical de
parture.A Tonkers. N. T., physician writes to
the London Lancet that he has had most
satisfactory results in many cases of diph
theria by administering anti-toxin by tha
mouth. . - "T."
HIS is the fourth of a series of
articles being published by The
» Sunday Call in the interest of
charity as exemplified by those char
itable institutions of San Francisco
controlled by women.
These papers are written by the
officials of the different organiza
tions and therefore can be relied
upon as accurate in detail.
Coming from such sources of au
thority they cannot fail to awaken
teterest among the many readers who
know, in a general way, that good
work is being done, yet lack specific
information as to how, where and
by whom.
The present interesting paper on
the California Girls' Training Home
is by Mrs. E. F. Jacobi, the secretary
of that organization.
Next •week -will appear articles by
officials of three auxiliaries of the
Children's Hospital on the condition
of those branches and the good they
accomplish.
WHEN<a man dies mortals will
ask, "What property has he
left behind him?" But the an
gels will Inquire, "What good
deeds hast thou sent before
thee?" This thought prompted the or
ganization of the California Girls" Train-
Ing Home. The need of a home to shelter
girls too young to be sent to the State
Reform School and yet in need of disci
pline was brought forcibly to the minds
and hearts of some philanthropic ladles of
this city by a most pitiful case which
came up In one of our Police Courts.
A home was started on Hill street about
nine years ago, and bur work has pros
pered exceedingly. Five years ago we
found our house inadequate for the num
ber of girls, and we secured a building at
147 JCatoma street, which has been our
home since that time. But that house in
turn is rapidly becoming too crowded, and
we are working now to raise funds to
build a larger and more comfortable
borne.
A house with forty girls, and euch girls
es we have, cannot help but be interest-
U*s- Th'j% come to us sometimes through
Everybody is in bed by 8:30 p. m. and is
ready to sleep soundly and well. ' For. all
there must be such careful 'discipline and
work, the girls are not unhappy. It is a
pleasure to hear them sing while at work,
and we have several unusually fine voices
Our home boasts a recreation room,
where are books, games, etc, for we
know all work and no play makes Jack
a' dull boy or Mary a dull girl, so we en
courage all the healthful amusements pos
sible. Our roof is walled in and makes a
place for outdoor recreation.
¦ . _ ....--. .. - ¦ ¦•
flooded with applications for girls. It Is
Blmply. impossible to fill all demands, for
i we will not let a girl go out until she has
had the best training In every department
that the home can give.
The work of the house Is enforced If
need be by punishment. The girls do try,
and our matrons are often amused at the
way the older girls make the new ones
"toe the mark." Sometimes the girls re
bel against this discipline of work, but
It Is an excellent antidote', for stage
struck girls and we know we are fitting
them all for useful, independent lives.
We always. find places for girls who have
no relatives to go to when they leave us,
and demand they be paid wages. \ Reward
always sweetens labor, and a girl Is much
more self-respecting If she can earn- her
own way than if she works for her board
and mistress' old clothes. . We axe
class now, who make their shirt waists
and underclothes.
Our home, Is supported entirely by vol
untary help." We have no assistance from
the State. When girls are brought by
relatives 1 we f exact j a small payment
monthly, but most of our girls have no
one particularly interested In them, so we
depend almost entirely upon the gener
osity of our friends for a maintenance..
Donations of j any ; sort — household sup
plies, provisions or dry goods— are accept
able. The managers take this opportu
nity of expressing sincere gratitude to the
. ¦ '•"¦'¦ J\'\,
ducted in the nome. We are strictly un
denominational. Every girl is allowed to
hold her own line of thought if she has
any in religion. 'Different ministers and
laymen come-to us, and so in that "way
most of -the churches are represented.
the courts, sometimes through guardians
or parents who find them too wayward to
be controlled; often they have neither
guardians nor parents, and so have double
need of such a shelter as we offer. Some
times the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children finds our modest home
the place that they need for ¦ their pro
teges.
Our girls are as happy as girls can be
who are deprived of their liberty, (or we
must of necessity deprive them until they
can be made to see the error of their way,
and inspire a desire for something better
than they have known. Our girls must
work- We are believers in the old proverb
that Satan finds mischief for idle hands,
and we know that wholesome work 'is
good for mind and heart. So we try to
teach the girls every department of house
work.
Our rising hour is 6:30 a. m. Before
breakfast, which Is at 7 a. m.. the g.rls
must get themselves dressed and "do out"
their rooms, which means sweeping and
cleaning and making the bed. Each girl
has her own little room— not half as nice
as we would like to make it, but it is her
own, and she can make it as pretty as
opportunity and desire dictate. But the
rooms, and. in feet, the whole house/must
be c'.tan, for we believe cleanliness next
to GodHnef-s, and girls cannot be taught
to keep some other body's house clean if
they can't keep their own so.
At 3 o'clock the girls assemble in the
schoolroom, where the regular work of the
public school is carried on until 12 m.
Some of our girls are unusually bright,
and we try to help them to the education
they dtsire.
Our laundry is one of the most Interest
ing places in the home. Here one head
girl with five assistants handles between
300 to S50 pieces of washing per week.
Here they are taught how to take the
various kinds of stain? out of clothing,
and to staich and rinse and blue and iron,
and when we say that we are proud of
our laundry and invite inspection it is all
that is necessary to be said.
Two girls do all the cooking for the"
home. How many housekeepers would
know how to measure and season and
plan for forty-live people— and things can
not be wasted here? In this department*
v
In the afternoon we have a sewing class.
The girls are taught to baste "and hem
-and stitch and darn and • progress slowly
under able guidance until they reach the
garment class. We have six girls Iii that
: •. — . . .».. „ - . . .
Six girls take entire charge of the din
ing-room and the pantry. They must see
that the tables are carefully set, must
wash the dishes and wait on the tables.
In fact, they are held entirely responsi
ble for the department, which also in
cludes the matron's table.
There are blackboards and charts about,
and the girls learn why they do things as
well as how to do them.' Miss Voorhie*
has been the teacher in this department
and has done splendid work with her pu
pils. \ '
The room Is a large, sunny one- and is
equipped with gas stoves and desks for
twelve : also a pas and a coal range. Each
desk has a tray, knives, forks and spoons,
a b'owl, rolling pin, salt and pepper and a
tiny saucepan— just tho smallest things
that are made, but very useful withal. A
pantry just off has shelf after shelf cov
ered with twelve of every kind' of cook
ing 1 utensils necessary for the work and
with provisions— spices, sugar, etc.— that
are used dally.
Here we feel our girls are at their best.
With white aprons, caps and cuffs twelve
girls present themselves In the scientlflo
schoolroom for a cooking lesson. We have
a plant complete for twelve and have a%
number of outside classes, N one of which
Is a trained nurses' class from the Chil
dren's Hospital, taking a special course
In Invalid cooking. Besides this there Is
a mothers' class, housekeepers' class and
a cla3s of young ladies from the High „
School.
the girls are supposed to put Into practical
use what they learn in the science cook
ing school, for which branch of our work
we owe untold thanks to . Mrs. Phtbe
Hearst and Dr. Charlotte Brown. .
BLOWING OF GLASS
TUBES 300 FEET
LONG.
AMOST Interesting account Is given
in the Idler of the wonderful etate
aided industry at Jena, where glass
and lenses are made for scientists.
The industry has been built up by Pro
fessor Abbe and Dr. Schott and has
throughout i been conducted by scientists
whose efforts have made Jena famous
among scientific men the world over. Ona
of the most picturesque features of the
Jena glassworks Is the great corridor
where the thermometer tubes are blown
and drawn.
We saw this glass In process of manu
facture. A boy workman caught a bit of
molten glass from the furnace on the end
of a blow-pipe. It was hardly larger than
a walnut, but. by twirling and blowing
and melding it, it grew to the size of an
orange, with the shape of an acorn. Mora
glass was then added, and there was
more rolling and blowing, and when the
proper stage was reached the blow-pipe
was passed quickly to the brawny master
workman.
He. In his turn, added glass, blowing
from time to time with cheeks outpuffed
until it seemed as though they must
burst, and then rolling the great ball of
glass on his iron kneading board until it
looked like a huge yellow gourd. Faster
and faster he worked, keeping the ball
always symmetrical and yet white hot.
At length he lifted the glowing mass
quickly in the air and a second workman
attached his blow-pipe at the bottom.
Then the two men ran In opposite direc
tions, twirlinc the pipes and blowing
lustily from time to time. From a thick,
portly yellow globe the glass thinned out
quickly as tne men ran a Part, until It
became a dull red tube not larger than a
man's little finger and nearly 300 feet
Ion?. Sometimes In blowing these tubes
one of the blowers would not only run
the length of the corridor, but far outside
on the hill-
The Sabbath day Is kept holy even In
thin" place. As far as possible the girls
OX* taJ&£n to church, and services are coh-
Dr. Edith Wells gives her services to
the home, visiting us twice a week regu
larly, and ready always to come when
called. We have a doctor's office in the
building, which is kept in order by one
of the girls who Is trying to qualify Her
self for a nurse. Just at present we are
enjoying a series of lectures which the
doctor Is giving on topics particularly
helpful to sir la.
ftmonfe the girls which we hope some day
will tell somewhere for good.
On tho fourth Thursdays the mana^eri
hold a business meeting,, to which any
Interested person la welcome. "We are
glad to have visitors, for to see the work
Is to become Interested.
Easiness men of the city and all frienda
who have bo cheerfully and graciously
responded to our many calls upon their
generosity.
Certain morning's a matron takes two
or three girls and goes her rounds. At
different places she gets what Is needed
most for the proper running of the home,
and It Is all given with the very kindest
wishes. We are constantly surprised at
the free-hearted generosity of the Ban
Francisco public.
' THT SUXDAf . CALIi. v!
8
CALIFORNIA GIRL'S TRAINING HOME-There'is a' handball tournament in pro
, gress. at the Olympic Club at the present
time. Those who have entered are M.
McGuire. T. Leach. G. Cunningham, Al
Collins. L. Kenny, W. Collins, F. Mulmer.
J..Mahoney, Joseph Collins, A. McVickar.
Ed Curley, A. C. Hampton, J. Hurley, J.
White, Joe Condon. W. Staff, T. Clement.
Ed Antos, T. J. Lydon and C. Sullivan.
These men represent both the Olympic
and the San Francisco clubs. The rivalry
existing between the organizations and
the handsome medals which have been of
fered will produce a lively Interest in the
tournament games. The tournament will
not be finished for some time, as the
games are scheduled for Monday. Wednes
day and Firday nights until the finals are
reached.
The two universities have jgone In for
the game, and before long there will be
Intercollegiate contests. During the spring
a regular class tournament was played at
the University of California and some
promising players were developed. A
committee has been appointed to arrange
for the building of a regulation court,
and this is expected to be a feature of
athletic equipment at the State Univer
sity. At present the California University
students play with the soft ball, the ten
nis variety, but with a new regulation
court they will certainly adopt the small
hard ball for all games. With university
teams in the field, general coast tourna
ments may soon become featural elements
in handball competition in this city. . .
may secure over the other the followers
of the defeated man will not concede su
periority to the victor for a moment.
Handball can be played at night as well
as during the day, for the y courts are
lighted by incandescent lights placed In
glass niches in the walls and ceiling. In
fact, the majority of the men playing
handball in this city make a night exer
cise of it. When the work of the day la
over and dinner has been eaten and di
gested that is the time when the courts
of the Olympic Club are crowded. The
tournaments as a rule are played at night
- Handball is used by the great majority
of players as an exercise. Besides the big
regulation court at the Olympic Club
there are two smaller courts, in which the
soft ball Is used: Here are to be seen the
"reducers," men who have grown stale
from lack of work and accumulated mor«
adipose than they can comfortably carry,
and the man of nervous temperament who
has been advised by his physician to in
dulge In some form of exercise which wllj
act as an exhaust to his excess of nervoua
energy. Harry Ramsdell. Will Thornton.
Prince Poniatowskl and a score of crub
men have taken to the game. The heavy
declare they are rounding into shape, and
the lightweights | that they are putting on
flesh. This -game seems a generai pana
cea.. . -'¦'*..
Handball Produces Rev
•olution in Indoor Exer
cise and Gains Popu
lar Favor Every Day
GYMNASIUM
WORKTHING
OF THE PAST
The great rivalry is between the.Olym
pic Club players and the representatives
of the San Francisco Handball Club. It
has been and will be an undecided ques
tion which club is • the stronger for some
time to come. Both clubs are well repre
sented with the strongest players this city
has ever produced. Such men as Collins
of the San Francisco Club and Hampton
at the Olympic Club are hard to duplicate
anywhere. Hampton recently won a tour
nament at the Olympic, and. Collins came
out with flying colors at the San Fran
cisco Club. The Olympic Club men stand
by Hampton as the best player on the
coast. In the Sen Francisco alley Coliins
and Jimmie White are the kings. It is
a nice question to decide, and no matter
how many victories one of these cracks
The element of competition in handball
will always keep the game alive. Such
an Intense- interest is displayed by its
devotees that 1 hey arrange tournaments,
for themselves, match games and special
contests when club affairs are not down
on the programme.
mination Is necessary to fight against the
desire and inclination to ,. quit regular
gymnasium work, which has its limits in
rope pulling and weight lifting.
FRED BUTZ AND AL>HAMP
TON, TWO OLYMPIC CLUB
HANDBALL PLAYERS. CAUGHT
BY THE CAMERA * DURING A
PRACTICE GAME IN THE CLUB
. COURT. BOTH MEN ARE EX- .
' PERTS AT;tHE t'GAMEf HAMP.-" .
~#A MATEURV PfcffSlR^bF ¦ ¦ ;: THE^l
COAST. HE IS* NOW PLAYING ¦
In a tournament at. ; . the ; ;
•OLYMPIC CLUBs AND; WILL;
AGAIN DEFEND ; HIS .TITLE-'
AGAINST 'SOME .OF THE BEST
AMATEURS IN THIS CITY. ¦¦¦¦ ;
THE inroads that handball has
made en every other indoor game
has caused the old gymnasium de
votees to pull up with a quick stop
and ask themselves what the end
of it all will be. From all over the coun
try comes the cry that gymnasium work
among men Is rapidly declining and that
handball is taking the place of every
form of indoor athletic exercise. And so
it is. There ts no gainsaying the popu
larity of this game, not many years ago
practiced onJy by a few o£ the old de
votees who knew something of . it from
the old country. .
From the number of young: men taking
part in the game to-day there seems
hardly to be the necessity of gymnasium
work. It is a game and gymnasium work
Is not, and for this very reason the pop
ularity of handball will not only con
tinue but will increase as facilities for
playing it are thrown open to those who
desire to enlist In the ranks of handball
players. In San Francisco there are sev
eral handball clubs, clubs that exist only
for the game, and they have developed a
number of players who are so far up in
the rating that It takes a genuine cham
pion to beat them. Prominent among
these two clubs are the San Francisco
and the Occidental. ' The Olympic Club,
by no means a handball club, seems to
have become one solely when viewed on
its athletic side.
There was a day when the young and
athletic Olympians knew what it :was to
test their speed and strength on the cin
der path. They were also gymnasts— bar
performers and trapeze artists. Go up to
the Olympic Club now end see what you
w..i find in the way of active athleticism.
For every man Vhb does gymnasium
work-that is. work of the kind that is
not solely a physical exercise, but brings
for the performer something In the way
of gymnastic achievement— you will find
ten devotees of handball. The club's court
Is the most inviting handball court in the
West. It has been builded strictly ac
cording to the latest and most approved
plans. The light Is good and so airy is it
that the players feel as if they were out
In the open air. The very fact that in
handball a contest Is going on all the
time .makes it <l»ubly attractive. Exer
cise that is fiat and stale, such as swing
ing clubs, the use of dumbbells, chest
weights and all the lifeless paraphernalia
of a. gymnasium, while it may be benefi
cial to the physical eelf. Is more or less a
drudgery. The toughest kind of deter-
Game in Court Draws
Devotees, Who Play
to Reduce Weight or to
Gain Honorand Prizes
SPORT FOR
OLD TIMER
AND ATHLETE
, The association will also hold a compe
tition for amateurs and professionals,
open to all amateurs who are members
of -associate or allied golf .clubs, and to
any.' prof essional '\ now ' employed on the
Pacific -Coast. Among the .professionals
who are expected to take part are Harry.
Rawlins of the Oakland Golf Club, F. J.
Riley of the . Burlingame Country Club,
Robert Johnstone of the San Francisco
Golf Club, A. "Bell of, the San.Rafael Golf
Club and W. J. Bradley of the Sacramento
The next competition on any of the lo
cal links is the contest for the. Benedict
cup, presented to the San Rafael Golf
Club by J; J. and Mrs. Crooks. This will
be played for next Saturday, July 27, over
eighteen holes. • The teams must consist
of husband and wife, and y the highest
medal play score takes the trophy^ The
event will be a handicap one. The trophy
!s a handsome tankard of dark oak, with
a buckhorn handle and silver mountings,
and is on view at the San Rafael Golf
Club house. '.."•:- .-" '
Play on the Fort Baker links is pretty
nearly at a standstill, as the barracks for
the artillerymen are being built,, and the
golfers have lost several of the holes.
After the Government buildings are fin
ished,.however, the Sausalito golfers will
proceed with the contemplated improve
ment of their course, which is expected
to be more satisfactory than the former
one. .
Though . no' regular tournaments are
scheduled on the links of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club during the summer, sev
eral players go out there regularly,
among them .being President J. W. Byrne.
Captain. Lansing O. Kellogg, B. D. Adam
son, Andrew Carrigan, S. L. Abbot Jr.,
H. B. Goodwin, Warren Gregory. J. H.
Mee. Leonard ' Chenery', Worthington
Ames, H. C. Golcher, H. C. Breeden and
T. Blnney. At this time of year the fair
green of the Presidio course is more
springy and pleasanter to play on than
any of the local links.
GOLF PROGRAMME
IS FULL OF DATES
The outlook for coursing, for the season
just inaugurated is indeed a bright one.
That the sport of the leash has become
popular is evinced by the increased at
tendance, for the crowds that visit Union
Park every Sunday and holiday are far
and beyond the dreams of the most san
guine leashman of a few years ago. The
John Grace Challenge Cup stake, which
BIG COURSING STAKES.
Jim Jeffries seems tot be in the center
of the limelight on the local fistic stage.
He is now In Sari Francisco— looking for
a fight, his manager says. The next big
fight, and there ought to be a big one,
has the color of Jeffries on one-half the
show bills. Ruhlin is the vis-a-vis the
managers and the flght promoters are
angling for, but before they make an
earnest " endeavor the usual superheated
atmosphere will be piped out- about Fitz
simmons and James J. Corbett. A cham
pionship fight between heavyweights
would draw any old crowd in San Fran
cisco, whether given In the day or night.
As a day proposition nothing but a heavy
weight flght for the championship would
be a money-winner for the clnb holding
the permit. -If the Jeffries fight is ar
ranged It will probably be. fought on Sep
tember 9 in the open air. «.
JEFFRIES ON* THE SCENE.
has not been asleep. Men have been
pledged to play and Al Lean has been
engaged to handle the team. The season
will be an early one, as under the new in
tercollegiate agreement the annual Cali
fornia-Stanford match will be played early
in November.
Thtrd National Bundes Fest
I will leave a lasting mark on San
j | Francisco. The Interest In rifle
JLL work, never laggring among the
. German societies, will receive an
Impetus from thl? shooting carnival, now
running its last lap at Shell Mound Park,
that will sooo make target shooting one
of the big local sports. With the German
rifle practice 1$ more than a recreation.
It is his sport religion. To him a big
score on any one of the many targets
means as much as a record In a hundred
yard dash does to the college man.
Americans have always displayed ' some
Interest In rifle shooting, but it was al
ways of a measurable quantity. It would
not be 6un>riEins td find, after the con
clusion of the shooting fest at Shell
Mound, a genuine and deep interest mani
fested by the young men of this city
¦which •will resolve itself into the forma
tion cf some American shooting societies.
Of course we have our National Guard
companies and our Police Guard, but
nothing of the civilian shooter. This Na
tional Bundes Fest might be instrumental
in starting in a new local movement.
• • ¦
FOOTBALL. SEASON.
In another month the fall semester of
the University of California will begin
and then the air will be full of football.
The situation this year In regard to the
formation of a league augurs a success
ful fceaaon. With the two college teams
In the field and the assurance of an
Olympic Club eleven, and the possibility
of a fourth team from the Reliance ranks,
the football men are a bit enthusiastic
about the prospects. The Olympic Club
Aspects and Prospects of the Sea
son—Coursing Men Will Un
dertake Big Stake Work
SPORT TOPICS BY
WAY OF COMMENT
back to San Francisco for the oarsmen
and their boats and board for the oars
men on the journey. As regards accom
modations and board in Astoria, the vis
itors must provide these for themselves,
though the committee will secure reduced
rates for them. The pleasure /boats used
in the races will be furnished by the com
mittee.
So far as can be seen at present more
oarsmen and crews are desirous. of visit-*
Ing Astoria and taking part In the regatta
than can be accepted by the committee.
The Alameda senior barge crew is ready'
to go, and the oarsmen in it will take part
in the single shell and outrlgged skiff
races and also in the double pleasure boat
contest. From the Dolphin Boating and
Swimming Club will go Alex W. Pape,
who will pull in the single shell and swim,
and Leo Wlenand, who will take part In'
the outriggfed skiff race. As Wienand de
sires to use the new Dolphin \ skiff, the
club has required him to deposit a sum
sufficient to guarantee it against loss or
damage. The South Ends have three men'
at least who are willing to go. These are
Maurice Cashman, J.. P. Foley and T. I.
Fitzpatrick. But it is not yet decided
whether a barge crew will be made up or
not. The Olympic Boat Club's junior
barge crew is training at the clubhouse
of the South Ends, and includes Charles
Melrose, Lester Hammersmith and R. B.
Cornell, who are all good swimmers, and
T. J: Sherry, who was second in the Junior
skiff race on Lake Merrltt. The Arfel
Rowing Club is ready to send a barge
crew and two single scullers, and the Lur
line Swimming Club has offered as many
swimmers as are wanted. As the Univer
sity of California has received its four
oared shell from John Hoyle of Ithaca. It
will probably send a four-oared shell
crew and a skiff man, — *_ •- ._
v. - . . .
News Gathered From the Rowers,
Yachtsmen and Golfers—Pro
gramme for Events in Future
Golf Club. Of the above, Harry Rawlins
is an Englishman from the Isle of Wight,
F. J. Rlley is an American from Chicago,
while A. Bell and Robert Johnstone are
from North Berwick, Scotland.
LOCAL OARSMEN
TO FAVOR ASTORIA
The new event of interest to the oars
men of San Francisco Bay Is the eighth
annual regatta at Astoria, which takes
place on August 29 and 20. John C. Mc-
Cue, secretary of the executive commit
tee and chairman of the committee on
shells and barges, was recently in this
city for several days, during which he
visited the houses of the various clubs.
The Astoria carnival will last three days,
but only the first two of these will be
given up to aquatic events, the morning3
being devoted to rowing and swimming
races and the afternoons to sailing con
tests. There will be contests in ¦ four
oared barges and shells and .. in single
shells, outrlgged skiffs and pleasure boats.
As the oarsmen of Astoria, Portland, Van
couver and Victoria, all of whom will be
represented at the regatta, use four-oared
shells and have no barges or- outrigged
skiffs, the Astoria committee would like
to get as. many shell rowers and single,
scullers as possible from San Francisco
Bay. The committee also desires that the
men who pull "In barge -crews' should. If
possible,. be able to take part also in sin
gle sculling and swimming races. The
committee promises to provide free trans-,
portation on the steamers to Astoria and
ACTIVITY ON WAVE,
FIELD AND TRACK
of the California Yacht Club several
times, though she was beaten -in this
year's race by the sloop Alert. F. E.
Schober, on the sloop Speedwell, will act
as judge. ' ¦ . ¦
To-day there . will be a race between
Vice Commodore. E. F: Sagar's sloop
Edna. and the Short Brothers' sloop Em
ma, the' course being from Powell-street
wharf to Presidio Shoal buoy, thence to
Blossom /Rock ' buoy, out . again to j the
shoal' buoy and' back, to Powell-street
wharf.' In the Corinthian cruising rig
regatta on last Sunday the Short Broth
ers' craft made the fastest time,. and the
Bloop Edna has won the Wallace Trophy
The regatta committee of 'the Corin
thian, Yacht Club has, suggested August
10, 2 p. m.,' as the starting time for the
race for the Perpetual Cup, which will be
adopted if the Vallejo Club expresses no
objection. The Corinthian committee will
make the arrangements for the race, such
as hiring tugboats, setting out stake
boats, etc!, either alone or with the aid
of the Vallejo committee," as may be
agreed between them. The Corinthians
also stated that ¦ they had heard unoffi
cially that the sail plan of the challenger
Is to be increased, and that they desire to
know Just what her racing length will be,
so that. they may. have time, to make any
necessary changes in the defender. ;The
Valfejo boat will come! down to Tlburon'
one day before the race, so that it may
be measured by the measurersof the two
clubs jointly. • ."•••" . .
The California Yacht Club will, call oft
its scheduled events for the .next few
weeks, owing to the death of the commo
dore's brother. The flagship Thelma went
on the ways last weeki to have the dam
age to 'her house done , by -the steamer
Transit repaired. Carl A. Tornberg of the
California lYacht Club, owner of the sloop
Vega (formerly the yawl Verona), recent
ly, purchased the yawl Arcturus from W.
8. Grover of the Corinthian Yacht Club.
was decided to pay the money into a
bank, to be drawn against by check
signed by the five members, who will
form a syndicate. The .building of the
boat will be entrusted to" the Twigg
Brothers, and the .work' will be superin
tended by Mathew Turner of Benlcia. The
construction of the boat will be begun at
an early date. It has been decided that it
is much better to have the boat built by
a syndicate of club members than by the
club, as the board of directors next year
may be considerably changed, and may
not approve of the policy of its predeces
sors. The necessary amount of money
has been promised, and nearly all of it
has been collected." V -.
At a meeting recently, held by the five
members of the , San Francisco Yacht
Club whs- collected the funds for building
the challenger for the Perpetual Cup it
PLANNING FOR THE
PERPETUAL CUP
A question that Is perplexing local en
thusiasts of the racket is what disposi
tion will- be made of the E>avls cups. " -'A
sad mistake was made when these cups—
of practically no value— were put up to be
won. five times. They have been up for
nearly two years already arid have been
won only twice by three teams. At this
rate It would take from five to ten years
to dispose of the cups. Local men would
be glad to see an end to these cups, and
any disposition of them would be satis
factory—even "to drawing lota. ..-..'
. ' "• . ¦ * ¦ . -
DAVIS CUP TANGLE.
The Futurity stake, too, is one. of im
portance and •. will distribute among the
owners of the successful young competi
tors a good bit in the way of prize money.
The finals of this stake will be run on Ad
mission day, which falls on Monday, and
as the programme calls for an event for
Saturday and Sunday preceding, the ad
herents of the game will be given a three
day carnival of coursing. ,
: It has been proposed by the committee
that the entrance fee In this stake b©
fixed at $100, just double that of last sea
son. The plan has been submitted to the
coursing men, and that they may have, a
voice in the making up of the affair their
suggestions have been asked for. As a
rule the response has been In favor of
outclassing in value the, premier stake of
our cousins across the pond, for in seek
ing the approval of the leashmen the com
mittee has promised enough added money
to beat the ten thousand dollar Waterloo
by a goodly sum. If. the plan is carried
out the schedule of prizes will be so ar
ranged that but a very few of the nom
inators will lose their entrance fee.' -
will be run early in October, Is the richest
of the annual coursing events. The com
mittee of arrangements for this season's
meeting has spared no effort and the indi
cations are that before the season ends
California will have earned the distinction
of having run a coursing stake in which
the prizes offered exceeded in value those
of the famous Waterloo of England, the
world's greatest coursing event.
THE. SUNDAY CALL.
9
SPORTS: COMMENT AND FACTAnd so It goes nearly all Sunday. If the
day. was " meant ; to go . to church
In, the people have taken their church and
"Corte Madera, Larkspur, Eseales,
Kent, San Anselmo— San Rafael, this
way!". .:>'.• -/.•• ¦• ¦ ..' :¦';¦¦¦•
"All aboard for Mill Valley, Mill Valley.
Mill Valley!" shrieks and shouts the blue
coated train hand.
Then comes i the final grand dash for a
seat. The swells going over for a
quiet little sail on a fine yacht cannot
Bhrink into a space, small enough to avoid
rubbing shoulders with the crowd bent en
eating: hard-boiled eggs and drinking beer.
"Fairfax, Fairfax! this train for Fair
fax!"- . .-I:'/- ¦
These people are bent on forgetting
their dally labor, bent on having a good
time, and have it they will. With the ut
most -unconcern they calmly pace the
decks with arms Intertwined, hug- or
squeeze each other going over and coming
back— one could easily call it a "kissing
bee." But. then. It . Is in the . air and ia
catching— it's a picnic, you know. .
The fellows seemed a little diffident, a
bit shy at first. Not so the girls. If there
¦were not enough men to go around they
danced with each other, while an admir
ing throng- clapped and cheered. Any
thing to dance— anything and everything
to have a good time!
Dancing, as sure as I was a foot high!
A space was cleared and they were waltz
ing or two-stepping with sublime disre
gard to the music. Each man to his own
glides Jnto the bay laden down with.
Borne 2500 souls.
I heard music and loud laughter and,
curloslty-llke, followed It.
On they sweep— a mass of Joltingr. Jost
ling, laughing pleasure seekers. There
doesn't seem room for any more. Still
they come. Standing room Is at a pre
mium. The band marches proudly • on
playing "We Won't Come' Home Until
Morning." and the waves. whirl and eddy
and curl about the boat as she slowly
: Every waiting-room along the line is
Jammed to Its fullest capacity. Slowly
and singly and with. Infinite patience one
by one pass through the gates and then
make a mad rush toward the boat." 1
The principal cry of hundreds of people
is: "I can't find Annie"; "I promised- to
meet Harry here at 9 and he hasn't
come." and "Has anybody seen 'Jennie —
she has the lunch."
Nine out of ten have troubles of their
own.
Naturally, people say at random, '.Til
meet you at the ferry." When there are
thousands of people about it Is a needle
ln-a-haystack proposition. One might as
well give up before. they begin.
They are not spring chickens either.
And that is the way It goes until one is
nearly black in the face striving to re
member the names and numbers of that
delighted little outside line waiting to get
their tickets second hand.
"Say. get me two tickets to Mill Valley
and return— will you? That's right, lady,
be a good fellow," and a hand slap nearly
took all my breath.
"Well, while you're about it. supposing
you get me five to Schuetzen Park." More
money but no possible escape. ¦ -
I grasped my 50 cents tightly in my
hand when somebody grabbed me and I
had an extra dollar. »
Off went that energetic, forgetful man,
administering jabs first on one side and
then on the other in quite an impartial
fashion, and then walking serenely right
up people's backs If they didn't clear the
way fast enough. Ha was a Jyplcal pic~
nicker and had been there many times
before.
During the exchange I got a poke in
the ribs and my hat was knocked sixty
ways for Sunday.
that and raced -round the corner and
away we went like so many college boys
worming their way through a crowd.
"Hurry up, Mag— you're . Just about as
b'.ow as the ice wagon on a thunderin*
hot day. You hang onto the lunch and
I'll git . Golly whaps! Left a box
on th-> car. You git in here and git six
tickets and I'll chase that box up."
"Aw, no you don't You Jlst git behind
there and wait your turn. No fair fudg
ing, sonny," and I took my. cue from
It Is hard work! It is more than that.
It is mlg-hty bard work. . . ¦ . : •
If I was going to cross the bay I migrht
need a ticket, so I made up my mind to
get 6oraewhere near the ticket office.
I wondered Inwardly how Johnnie could
get very far away. The depot reminded
me of a neatly packed can of squirming
sardines.
"Johnnie, If you don't hang onto my
skirts I'll give you to that policeman over
there. Now mind jne or you can't go."
And everybody goes. Well people, lame
people, cripples In chairs, babies In arms
and even dogs on chains. "" Everybody In
the city seems Imbued with a eingle Idea,
and that is to get out into the country for
some fresh air!
They <aJJ off the cars In any old way
and start out for somewhere on the dead
run, and then they are swallowed up and
lost to eight.
They come In twos or fours or sixes,
anything tn the even, but the odd num
bers are non «»st. "Two is company," you
know the rest.
It 1* «. pretty sight to watch, but once
fose your footing on the beautiful out
eide and you are a goner. It Is the most
mobby mob that ever happened. Every
body pulling and pushing and striving to
pet somewhere ahead of the other fellow.
It Is a picturesque sight, this Sunday
picnic crowd. The people winding In and
out and the white-slippered^ whlte
frocked. white-capped damsels . tripping
merrily along with Johnny White-trousers
to "Lamb, Lamb, Lamb" or "Goo-Goo
Eyes" that Is played right Heartily by
two or three brass bands all at one and
the ram* time.
The thousand and one wagons are not
to be dreaded half as much as that crowd.
Once on the beautiful outskirts I paused
and dared to look about.
There they were and there they stayed
until I armed myself with gum and all
the paper* and after a struggle landed In
the etre*t.
"Mornin' papers! All about the ship
wreck! All the news here! Mornin* pa
pers!"
Te gods! Talk about bedlam turned
loose! All San Francisco had donned
white duckjs and sallied forth with . its
lunch basket on one arm and its girl on
the other.
TVhlle I stood there watching this wlg-
Bly mass of good nature I was completely
surrounded by various spielers— gum boys,
newspaper urchins and a few enterprising
etreet youngsters, all clamoring and yell-
Ing their particular brand at me.
"Now> your chance, mister. Chewln*
gum. only 5 rents a package. Chewln'
grum. Last chance!"
I stepped and wondered where I true,
There was a f#a of seething humanity
from cne end of the ferry building to th«
other.
"Camp Taylor— Camp Taylor. Dancing
and games at Camp Taylor. Theie you
ere."
"Sunset Park— there's where all the Red
Men go — to Sunset Park. Round trip SI.
Chance of your life. Right this way for
Sunset Park."
"Come "with the Native Sons to Fairfax.
Native Sons lo Falrfex—Fairfax—Fair
fax!"
Long before the tower loomed In sight I
knew that the Native Sons were bent on
having a Jolly time. The car was filled
¦witTi baskets arid hampers, and the pic
nickers were hanglrrg on to the straps for
grim death. "Don't ycr care what 'ap
pens so long's the lunch ain't spoilt,"
sputtered one fellow when he could find
the necessary breath between lurches.
Now. that Is exactly what I was Jour
neying ferry war,} for-to get Into the
thick of a picnic Jam: to see with my very
own eyes -what San Francisco people are
grumbling abo'H. and why in the world
the California Northwestern Railroad bad
deemed it wise to get out circulars, "pic
nics ret allowed on our roads."
':¦¦' S
*1 ** ERE J'OU are; here you are! Right
I \ this -war for the shoeTTorlrcrs' ple-
J I n ic: Only 25 a ticket, and lots of
J tvn. Right this way, gentlemen.
Here you are. Shceworkers, Bhoe
•workers!"
j?Th one- of the curiosities of old-time
jj . legislation that the use of tobacco
il was In early colonial days r»*arded
as far more Injurious, degrading and
sinful than intoxicating liquors. Both
the use and the planting of the weed wera
forbidden, the cultivation of It being per
mitted only In small quantities, "for mer«
neces-sltle. for phlsick, for preservation of
the health, and that the same be taken
privately by ancient men." But the "crea
ture called tobacco" seemed to have an.
Indestructible life. Landlords were
ordered not to "suffer any tobacco to be
taken Into their houses" on penalty of.
a fine to the "victualler" and another to
"the party that takes It." The laws were
constantly altered and enforced, and still
tobacco was grown and was smoked. No
one could take it "publlcquely" nor In his
own* house or anywhere else befor*
strangers. Two men were forbidden . to
smoke together. No one could smoks
within two miles of the meeting-house on
the Sabbath day. There were wicked
backsliders who were caught smoking
around the corner of the meetlngr-housa
and others on the street, and they were
fined and set In the stocks and In cages.
Until, within a few years there were New
England town3 where tobacco smoking
in the streets was prohibited, and Inno
cent cigarette loving travelers wera
astonished at being requested to cease
smoking. Mr. Drake .wrote In 1SS6 that
he knew men, then living, who . had had
to plead guilty or not guilty In a Boston
Police Court for smoking In the streets of
Boston.. In Connecticut In early days a
great indulgence was permitted to travel
ers—a man could smoke once Curing •>
Journey of ten miles.
WHEN A SMOKING
WAS A CRIME
framed ft with the green neicni on en*
•lde and the blue skies en ths ether.
I wondered how many people streamed
nut of town. Some man remarked In my
hearlnff. "60,000 people took advantage, et
the Fourth and left town. Did you «»«ff
gee such an Infernal mob?"
'. Sixty thousand picnickers!
And that was no exaggeration. Tn»
Southern Pacific officials say that fully
60,000 people passed through their bands
on the 3d end 4th". Sixty thousand! Thlnlc
nf It! And the elty didn't seem deserted,
either.
But they scattered. Six thousand went
to Shell Mound. Fernbrook Park. Sunset
Park and Glenwcod In the Santa Crua
Mountains and 4PO0 -went to Mill Valley
alone, while a heavy train pulled out for,
Los Gates and neighboring towns.
It t« nothlnj* for a picnic train to carry
nrywhere from 2000 to 5000 people and to
run with four. or five engines. In fact. It
Is an every Sunday occurrence. Besides,
that does .not include the picnic parties
that charter the Stockton boats or th»
numerous tugs that are available. They
carry as a rule Rbout 250 passengers, but
It all deper.da upon the permit.
Anybody may go down to the wharf and
pay 50 cents and spend the entire day on
the water and "visit all places of Interest
rour.d the bar-"
Besides this ferry route Jam doesn't by
any means Include all the revelers. Not
by 10.CCO anyway.
The Market-street Railway carries fully
that many to the beach and park. Both
places are simply thronged with merry
makers, all rolling In the sand or rollick-
Ing en the lawns. Every soul there drops
troubles and care anS age slides off one'a
.«hnulder3 like water off a duck's back.
The dancers are up the beach a little
farther, but are there, nevertheless, In full
frtrce. dancing to the Jingle of many
glasses'.
Then there are the music fiends In th*
park and the people who like to row &
boat or have a little peace and quiet to
some, secluded corner.
The Ingleslde and San Mateo traveler*
swell the crowds and Vie ferry-boats be
tween Oakland and Alameda are never
idle.
It Is nothing for the ferries to handl*
20.000 on a pleasant holiday.
All these people help to make nj> th«
Immense crowd that weekly says good-by
to this city for a day.
No matter what direction I went In. no
matter what my destination was or now I
got there, I encountered the iam» merry
throng— and the same sharp elbow. It Is
. the prerogative of the Sunday crowd.
The only comfort I had was coming;
home, when I owned the waiting room,
the cars, the boat— all. For the Sunday
fresh air fiends ar« faithful and will
never desert their friends, and their motto
is "Get your money's worth."
It is no wonder a railroad scatters pos
ters broadcast and otherwise announce* •
that its patrons will not be walked over
or otherwise disturbed by Sunday plcnlo
crowds. That is exactly what It Is— a casa
of walk-over. MADGE MOORE.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
THE SUNDAY EXODUS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.FRENCH- DUELS
A^'FAKESl
THE sun is about 92,000,000 miles oft.
The only way of measuring the dis
tance of a fixed star is by parallax,
and scarcely more than half a dozen
can be estimated that way. Suppose the
sun is here, in space, on January^ 1. On
July 1. It will be 184,000,000 miles over
there. This is the base of measurement.
The observer who wants to estimate th*
distance of, say, the star A Centauri, notes
its position with regard to the next star.
In six months he notes it again; and if they
are separated by a different distance, a
eo-caUed parallax is established, and some
calculation can be made of the distance
of the nenebt one. In the most favorable
[cases. this rarallax is extremely slight.
What 1» the sun made of? The lines of
the spectrum give an idea of Its chemical
properties, but beyond that it is hypoth
esis. His substance, as a, whole, is of
much lighter material than the earth, but
yet there may be a hard and heavy fiery
pudding Inside, for there is a light and
thick outer coating, named the photo
sphere. Outside this, again, refining away
to an unknown distance, is. the chromo
sphere, of hot air, bo to apeak. The spots
are rifts through tho photosphere, coming
and gcing, and some are so large. that our
whole earth-could be shot right through.
with a thousand miles to spare all around.
When a total eclipse covers the sun, flames
to the height of thousands of miles are
«ecn out of the photosphere. . "
. POINTS ABOUT
the sun; ;
GREEK FUNERAL
"• CUSTOMS.
<=5T=! HE possibility of getting an unex
¦ nected view of the corpse, whtch is
I : carried exposed in a shallow coffin.
¦'renders a Greek funeral procession
a -spectacle which nervous foreigners
would do well to avoid. Old men and
wonsen" arrayed in somber black young
BlTls and children in white and half buried
in flowers-al! the dead are thus borne for
the last time through the streets of the
<-Hy v.hich has been their home. Tou arc
¦prrhaps stopping av one of the hotels ana
hear the solemn music of the dead march.
You run to the window and look down.
and there, turned toward you In the awfui
rain of death,' is a face of marble white-
nee?, and a rigid form, the poor, helpless
hand* crossed upon the breast.
In former times high dignitaries of the
church were borne to the grave seated In
a chair placed upon an elevated platform.
Hut this Airplay was too spectacular even
for thp Athenians, and It was finally
aban'ionod. The coffin lid. upholstered
vlth richly embroidered silk and hung
v!th a, hues wreath, is carried at the head
of the processions, which derive additional
pcm:> from the numerous banners and
rymMs of the church held high In the
air. Priest*, relatives and mourners fol
low on foot, and the men sitting at the
ca'cs or in the open doors rise, remove ,
their hats end cross themselves as the
3*52* P2!:se s. In the case of an officer
Dt tht! f,rmy his charger, caparisoned In
hlock. i? k-d v.ith htm on this last excedi- j
Con of a!J.-Scribaer'« Magazine. 1
The first boat took off Mr. Grenfell's
wife and child and two or three aoheel
children; ' the second took instruments,
bedding and wet clothing; while a third
took the food stores. By throwing twe
tons of firewood over the steamer's Bide
she rlg-hted°a bit and swung *round; but,
unhappily, she "jammed" between two
great -hidden spurs of rock and remained
Immovable, despite all efforts. A tornado
v.as looming in the distance, which made
matters worse. However, by the eld ef
ropes ma'de fast to the boats and th«n
passed under the keel of the steamer, the
bows of the Peace were by a united heav«
raised off the rocks, and after half an
hour's hard pulling they got her quite f roa
and brought her to shore. Just In time,
for a fearful wind almost immediately
eprang up, and torrents of rain fell, which
would have capsized the vessel entirely.
?Cext morning, with the boat on a Band
bank, the holes were carefully plugged
¦with cloth and cotton ¦waste, and the wa
ter baled out. Again, another contre
temps—the Peace had sunk so deeply into
the sand that no effort of the mission
aries or the crew could move her. Shovels
were obtained from a neighboring mis
sion. Then another missionary boat, be
longing to an American society, endeavor
ed to tow the partially submerged vessel
off the sandbank, but the six-inch rope
broke again and again. Eventually a
dozen ehovels dug a channel sufficiently
large for the Peace to float again.
. '. cf one cf the missionaries: Mr. Gren
fell' recounts many thrilling experiences
¦v.-hk-h befei! him and his crew when ex-
Efloring Jhe Upper Congo in the Peace, on
behalf cf the mission. One evening, for
instance, two of his men and th© fireman
were enjoying a swim, when the later,
who remained longer In th« water, was
just reaching forward to grar.p the gun
wale of the small boat, when bo shouted,
"Hold me: a crocodile has got vy hand."
llis comrades immediately caught hold
of him and tried to pull him on board,
but the crocodile would not let go and
dragged the poor fireman nearly out of
sipht and the others nearly Into the
water. A great struggle ensued as to
who oou!d pull the harder. The advan
tage was in the balance for «oms nve
minutes, when with a final unavailing ef
fort and a lot of swishing the crocodile
retired, leaving his intended victim a sad
wreck and terribly exhausted. The mis
sionaries naturally saw the hand of God
in this escape and the incident made a
powerful impression on the natives, A
terrible experience befell the Peace a
year cr two later. On the way to the
equator the vessel struck on a reef of
rock and in three minutes the whole of
the forepart of the eteamer as far as the
engine-room was full of water up to the
level of the river outside, while tha
water-tight compartments were "bilged"
by a series of holes.
j? K the July Quiver Mr. Wallis Myers
.tells of the adventures of "Gospel
<i Navigators on the Congo." He eays
RIVER
LIFE ON THE
CONGO.
VIRILE PICTURE OF FRONTIER LIFE,
"HOW KOLA,"
PAINTED BY CHARLES SCHREYVOGEL
Rapidity
With which
Birds Fly.
WE talk a great dear about the
speed of our railway trains
and of our ocean greyhounds,
but we are apt to overlook the
fact that there are some swift
travelers where no rails have ever been
laid and no steamship has steered her
course. The carrier pigeon will fly ai
least thirty miles an hour, and some havo
been known to travel at the rate of sixty
or even ninety mlle3 an hour. Wild
pigeons often fly hund^ds of miles a day
to feed, returning to their roosts at night.
Audubon says they travel a mile a min
.ute.
fowls, gulls, terns and'petrels lit
erally fly on the wings of the wind, if sur
prised in a storm. They will rise high in
the air, facing the gale, and making a
little progress forward as well as upward.
Then they v will suddenly descend with
rapid flight toward one side of the storm-
Bwept path, but falling oft at the same
time In the direction of the blowing wind.
Once more they will sweep around and
face the storm, ascending heavenward
and striking desperately out toward the
direction of the storm, until finally they
work themselves to one side of the storm
center.
During tremendous wind storms birds
may sometimes be seen flying overhead
at a great height. When this Is noted it
may be taken for granted that the upper
air is comparatively quiet, and that the
storm is confined chiefly to the lower re
gions. It Is when the storm extends too
high up that they drift away with the
wind or fly away on the edge of the hurri
cane. *
Migrating birds fly over distances so
great that they must needs have great
strength as well as great speed in flight.
Bobolinks often rear their young on tha
scores of Lake Winnipeg, and, like ttua
aristocrats, go to Cuba and Porto Rico to
spend the winter. To do this their fllsht
must twice cover a distance of morethan
2S0O miles, or more than a fifth of the cir
cumference of our earth, each year, r -Vv'
The little redstart travels ; 3000 miles
twice a year, and the tiny humming bird
2000. What wonderful mechanism it !a
that in a stomach no larger than a pea
will manufacture its own fuel from two or
three slim caterpillars, a fly, a moth or a
spider, and use it with such economy as
to be able to propel itself through the air
during the whole night at a rate of about
fifty miles per hour, and at the same time
keep ita own temperature at about 104
degrees.
Not all _the swift travelers, however,
make their journeys through- the air.
Some fish attain great «peed in the water.
The salmon and the swordflsh are tha
fastest swimmers of all the forked-tall
fishes. Only a fast running horse could
outstrip a salmon, for it swims a mile in
less than two minutes, and any horse
could be left behind in a long race, for
the fish can cover thirty miles an hour.
RAILWAY CARS
OF JARAN.
5N cold weather all Japanese travelers
carry rugs, for the cars are heated
merely by long steel cylinders filled
with hot water and laid on tho floor.
Spreading his rug out on the seat — a. Jap
anese never sits on anything not perfect
ly clean— the passenger shakes off his
geta. or wooden clogs, and curia his feet
beneath him.
The next move is a smoke, in which
both men and women indulge. A -Any pipe
is commonly used, which never contains
more than a wisp of tobacco the size of a
pea, % and affords not more than one or
two puffs to the smoker. The ashes a?o
then knocked out on the floor and an
other wisp stuffed In and lighted from
the smoldering ashes Just rejected.
At every station there are venders of
the little mandarin orances. Every pas
senger buys a dozen or more," and eats
them In a short time, throwing thfc skins.
about the floor. Boys pass with tea in
tiny earthen pots, a cup placed over the
top. "The price Is three sen (a cent. and a
half). Tho teapot is left in the car.
The Japanese throw all sorts of refuse
about and the car soon presents. <«. very
untidy appearance, or would do so If It
were not for the porters, who come in at
odd stations and clean up.— Xew York
Sun. .' ¦_-¦¦¦
BLUSHES WHEN
1 :"vV;RAIN:-: FALLS,
THE blushing tree is one of the
strange things found in the swamps
of Florida. It is found only In the
; thickets of these Interminable
marshes, whose luxuriant vegetation al
ways proves a revelation to explorers. It
is called the blushing tree by those who
know it, because it actually blushes or
turns a pink color when rain falls upon
it. It is a graceful tree, with broad, ba
nana-like leaves. Wide-spr'eading branches
hang; down slightly waving In the warm
breeze, . and* it has emerald-hued foliage.
It rises to a height of 'twenty feet, and
its thick, substantial trunk indicates
many; years of existence. ."While watch
ing ( 'the tree the rain began to fall in tor
rents," eays a returned swamp • explorer,
"after* a custom it has Jn these parts. As
the cool water drenched the tree I was
amazed to note a changing of its , color.
Gradually but unmistakably the green hue
was giving way to pink/ I went up to its
trunk under its spreading branches to ob
tain a. closer look, and found it to be true.
and the tree was blushing from the effect
of .the rain. Jn a few' minutes the green j
had faded from ; sight, except in a few i
half-hidden' apots where., the rain had I
failed to penetrate." After the shower had
passed -over 1 the spectator watched with
equal Interest this remarkable | tree again
assume its familiar green color. !
ports over their heads. In fair weather
the sailora may pity the miners under
neath them, but when it storms the fears
and dangers are distributed about equally,
for the water drips through the roof con
stantly and the big rock3 toss and roll
over the bed of waters, every sound being
heard only too plainly by the men below.
Many a time have the men and mine
bosses retreated to the mouth of the pit
as they heard the terrible grinding noise*
above them. - This mine Is closed now, but
the coal mlne.at.Whitehaven is still work
ing. These submarine diggings extend for
four miles under the Irish Sea and about
600 feet below the water level. Here hun
dreds of miners work day and night In the
pitch black galleries, with a world o£
water over their heads.
A neighboring town, Worklngton, onca
'possessed a similar mine, but one evil day
the sea broke through the roof, drowned
thirty-six miners and destroyed the col
liery. Several years ago there was a ca
tastrophe like this In one 'of the Lake Su
perior copper mines, which extended far
under, the water. The loss of life was
much heavier than la the English, dlsas
*«>' . ¦/¦¦*
The coast off Sunderland, England, is
burrowed with mines so thoroughly that
real cities flourish far beneath the tum
bling waters. The principal seam of the
Mcnkwearmouth colliery "lies more than
1700 feet under the German Ocean. To find
that seam the owners of the mine expend
ed $300,000. . This mine sprung a leak once
and water. poured In. through the roof at
the rate of 3000 gallons a minute and a big
200-horsepower pumping engine had to be
rigged up to clear but the galleries."
COAL MINES OF ENGLAND
THAT ARE UNDER
THE ATLANTIC OCEAN.
$795,000: war, $380,000; navy, $100,000; pen
sions, $500,000; total expenditures, $1,775,000;
'excess of receipts, $26,262.
In other columns on the same sheet are
the receipts ; and • expenditures for the
month and for the fiscal year up to date,
off-hand way, as ¦ If that were a small
item. Absolute accuracy is required, of
course, and If one of these employes
should make an error In addition or sub
trrctlon he would feel disgraced.
Here Is a sample of the dally balance
sheet, which Is printed every morning
and laid open to public Inspection. This
one was for May 2:
Receipts this day: Customs, $819,22 24:
Internal revenue, $877,113 10; miscellaneous,
5105,027 59; total receipts, $1,801,362 93.
Expenditures: • Civil and miscellaneous,
HOW UNCLE SAM'S ACCOUNTS
ARE KEPT IN THE
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
UNCLE SAM will epend about $730,
0*30,000 between July 1 and June 30
of next year. AU of that immense
sum is accounted for and ultimate
record made of it by one set of
bookkeepers, twelve in number, in the
Treasury Department at "Washington. By
these twelve men Uncle Sam's daily cash
account is kept straight, and every morn
ing a balance is struck showing how much
cash the Government took In the day be
fore from Its various sources of revenue,
•.«<! >,o-ar much was spent by the several
csparxments, and giving the . total of the
remaining cash in hand. Accompanying
this daily balance sheet is a statement
made up in another division showing the
character of the money on hand— gold,
silver and bank notes. It is an interesting
place, this counting room of Uncle Sam.
where the state of the finances Is exhib-"
lted. A dozen or so big Iedger6 and an Im
mense day book, known In business
houses as a "blotter," contain the records.
Their pages exhibit every day exactly the
amount of business the Government is
doing and whether Uncle Sam's household
expenses exceed his Income or' not. It
must be understood, of course, that these
accounts are a final summary of the busi
ness transacted and that a thousand and
one other books are required for the de
tailed record in other departments.
Big figures are dealt in here. The book
keepers make an entry of $250,000 as uncon
cernedly as a merchant would enter a ton
of coal, or a grocer the sale of a pound of
tea to a credit customer. The balances
are Jotted down In pencil and jthe book
keeper will report that "the Navy Depart
ment has only $00,000,000 left to-day" In an
This section of the Treasury Depart-
ment, known as the warrant division. Is
a very important^branch of the Govern-
ment service. It Is the brake on expend!-'
tures. Not a dollar of the- taxpayers'
money can be spent until one of these
officials who admit and control f the ex
penditures. It . is therefore impossible
for any department of the Government
to get-more money out of the Treasury
than Congress has provided for it, as the
watchful bookkeepers know to a penny
There at a glance is a statement of Un- -
cle Sam's daily business and running cash
account. Fortunately, it is a pretty good
statement and shows a prosperous condi-.
tion. Besides the available cash balance,
what you might term the pin money of
the Government, the statement also shows
that the treasury "contains a little matter
of $150,000,000 in gold coin and bullion, a
reserve fund, and a trifle of $771,592,989 In*
gold,arid silver, held for the redemption
of the paper money current throughout
the country, making every piece of green-
back as good as gold. Your Uncle Sam-
uel is not contemplating "going broke" .
Just yet. : •
of the bureaus a stipulated amount, and
the accounts are "so credited in the
ledger. When the Secretary of "War de
sires to draw money to.pay the officers
and men, he sends to the Treasury a
requisition for, $100,000. for instance, . on
account of the pay and allowance of the
army.'The bookkeeper looks at the requi
sltion, which Is in the-form of a check.'
and turns to his ledger account to see If
there is $100,000 left. If so, he charges the
sum to' the -account, and a warrant is
eigned on the Treasurer of ¦ the. United
States, who turns the money over to the
Secretary of War. who thereafter makes
a proper accounting to the designated
On. another'page, of the exhibit is a
statement prepared by the Treasurer's of-
fice.showing the cash, in- the treasury.;
The cash in the general fund was $239,-.
856,708 59. Against this were liabilities such -
as outstanding drafts, disbursing officers'
balances, etc., amounting; to $53,326,415 01,
leaving an available cash balance of $156,-
030.29358.
been overdrawn. Then, and not until then,
the chief of the division certifies the ex
istence of a balance to the credit of the
particular account.
When Congress makes an appropriation
for the War Department, say of $100,000,
000, a ledger account la opened with the
department, - and the account is credited
with that sum. Congress gives to - each
as well as a; comparative statement for
the same period in the preceding year.
twelve bookkeepers looks Into'his ledger
to ascertain that; the account has not
how the account stands every hour.
Th© work of the bookkeeper is not
only important,/ but very • arduous. . The
requisitions come ',' piling in sometimes - at
a tremendous rate, and each one has to
be scanned, the ledger consulted and care
ful subtraction made. The * hours of la
bor '; are not long, from 9 a. m. until ~ 4 p.
m., with half an hour; for lunch. The
two principal bookkeepers receive $2100 a
year and ten get $2000 _a year. They, are
all experienced, careful men. and most of
them have served long in the department.
The chief of the division gets $3500 a year,
and! is a busy man.- He has to initial
every requisition and warrant, for tho
Secretary of the Treasury would not sign
a warrant without the red initiate show
ing that the paper had passed the careful
scrutiny of . the veteran chief of the di
vision.
The division .performs other functions
besides keeping Uncle Sani's daily cash
account.. At the beginning of every Con
gress ' a statement is made showing the
probable needs of the several departments
for the corning year, and indicating tha
estimated \ receipts of the Government.
This is sent to Congress, so that the law
makers can tell readily how much money
they will \ probably have to appropriate,
and how. much is demanded ,for the next
fiscal year. . ' .
¦ ¦• ;•¦/ ; ':,¦¦.;¦'"'¦¦,•
THE SUNDAY GALL.
CHARLES SCHREYVOGEL, whose "My Bunkie" was the sensation of the art world last year,' has painted another remarkable picture of frontier life. "How!
Kola!" which is on exhibition in the gallery of the Society of American Artists and which is reproduced here by special permission of the artist, will appeal to
every one who knows the West. There has been a battle between a band of Indians and a squadron of cavalry. The Indians have been routed. In the flight
the pony of one of the Indians has fallen. A trooper is riding down upon the fallen Indian and^is about to kill the redskin, when the Indian recognizes the sol
dier and cries "How! Kola!'^. In the vernacular of the Indian "How" has a variety of definitions. Much depends upon how it is ut'tered. It may mean "Hello," "Oh,"
"Stop" or "Don't." "Kola" means, friend. The trooper, about to shoot the Indian, hears his cry of "How! Kola!" looks at the sprawling figure and recognizes a man
who once saved his Kfe. He checks himself and the Indian's life is spared. The incident is historically, true.
In "How! Kola!" Schreyvogel combines those elements of vigorous action with wonderful fidelity to detail, for which he is famous. No painter knows the
horse, the red man, the soldier and the cowboy better. His frontier pictures have the atmosphere of the West with all its rugged picturesqueness and vivid contrasts.
"How!" Kola!" together with "My Bunkie" and some other. Schreyvogel canvases will be on exhibition in the Pan-American Arts building. What reception
the latest of Schreyvogel's paintings will get from the judges of the Society of American Artists cannot, of course, be known until the awards are announced. Last
year "My Bunkie" won the Clark prize', the richest gift in the realm of American art. In the estimation of many £ood judges* "How! Kola!" ranks higher than "My
5~ WEETHEARTS who make love over
;the telephone will bless the name of
< this Swede when they learn it." It
'.;.. is reported that an employe of the
Stockholm -Telephone " Company has ¦ in
vented a device by, which, the telephone
useri can tell when a third party is listen
ing; to his conversation, or to hers, which
is more important. ;. »
The visible part of the device is a small
metal box with a glass front. This is at
tached to the wall or desk near the tele
phone instrument. The pressing of a but
ton connects the '•listener; detector," as it
is called, with the telephone, j The intru
sion of, "central" is indicated by the "Il
lumination, of a red Maltese cross behind
the glass of the "detecter," which remains
lighted up as long as "central"is on tha
wire. ,' The connection of the operator at
the second exchange with the wire is in
dicated by. the illumination; of a white
cross, so* that the ' telephone ; patron can
tell not only when and how long the ope
rator ' Is on the wire . but also which ex
change "cuts in" 'to ask 'him whether he
Is through talking, or to listen to what he
.is saying. ' ¦"¦ . - .; ¦ ..¦- ¦;••'' :/. '¦ ' ,'. . ¦ .¦ 'V. :
The device,, including » Its » Installation,
costs less than ?2, and is; being put In"', by
a large number of "business houses ' which
use the : telephone ¦'. for transacting more
or Hess confidential business. : - •,'>.".¦
TRAP IWSTENERS
' . ON;-:PHONE. ; ; \ ¦
birthday.
RESEARCH has proved that the hu
man mind is *at its fullest power
between the ages of > 40 .and 60.
There are. of course, exceptions to
the rule, such as Byron, the young Napoi
leon and Alexander, but taking it "full
and by" the prime age of the mind of man
is between 40 and CO. Swift was 49 when
he wrote "'Gulliver's Travels," and . John
Stuart Mill\56 when his' essay on "Utili
tarianism" was published, although his
"Liberty" was written three years before.
When . "Waverly" came out Sir Walter
Scott.was 44" years old, and nearly all of
those tales . which have j made his lasting'
fame as a novelist were written after he
was 46. Milton's 'genius made its loftiest
flights when he was between 54 and 59.. It
was j between | those years that he -wrote
"Paradise Lost." 'The Task" and "John
Gllpln" were written 'when Cowper was
over 50, ¦ and' Defoe was within .two yeara
of 60 when he wrote- "Robinson Crusoe."
Of all the writings of Thomas Hood, "The
Song of the Shirt" r ; and . "The Bridge of
Signs".are s the best known and will live
the longest. " Hood wrote those two poems
at the age of 46. V
¦Darwin wrote his "Origin of Species"
when he was 50, and was 62 when he gave
to the. world his "Descent of Man.". Long
fellow wrote "Hiawatha" at 48, and Oliver
Wendell Holmes gave us. "Songs: in Many
KeyB*.' , when he had passed \ his flf ty-flf th
HUMAN MIND AT
ITS; BEST, v
In spite, however, of ' all these , precau
tions the benevolent fraud goes on. There
are usually four seconds— two for- each
combatant. As it is easier; for two men
to come' to an understanding than four,
the pair that . have , agreed to | prevent
bloodshed manage to 'take charge of the
loading while their confreres are listen-
Ing to the last nervous recommendations
of the principals.
«f7v? FRENCH journal has been ex
// A plaining how it Is duels iso rarely
if v>. result in*injurles to the combat-
V ants. It suggests that the bullets
used are frequently composed of mercury
and lead, - which in weight and general
appearance are almost perfect counter
feits except for a slightly silver shade
and greasy touch. Though heavy and
solid looking ' the ' first blow of the ram
rod pulverizes . them. All sorts of pre
cautions are taken against this kind of
deceptions pistol duels '' are never fought
with revolvers or weapons requiring car;
tridges which do not present the neces T
sary quantities, but such duels are fought
¦with old-fashioned muzzle-loading pistols.
Indeed, it is not unusual for seconds to
agree on some celebrated "armurier" who
shall furnish a sealed box of weapons
containing .two pistols sealed and certi
fied, a number of similarly certified
charges of powder and bullets. Trickery
would. therefore seem impossible.'
11
IT takes a pretty active, healthy Imag
ination to conjure up a more terrify
ing situation than to be in a coal mine
at the bottom of the 'sea. with noth
ing between you and. the vast body of
water overhead but a thin shell of a cell
ing. When the storm rages on the waters
above, the bowlders can' be heard rolling
over the floor of the sea as if it was the
bowling alley' of old King Neptune. Oft"
the coasts^ of England- and "Wales are
many of these submarine mines. The low
er workings of Botallack copper mine, off
the promontory of, thati name, near Cape
Cornwall, go down 1500 feet under the sur
face of the water, .and they extend 2250
feet under the. waters- of the. Atlantic.
Deep down there men toil and delve day
and night, while the ships hurry to their' " 'And in God's house xur evermore," my
dwelling-place shall be.'.- ; •<.,. - .— ¦ -
"Gle me the kiss, mither, for.a've been
w ?,itln for ye, an' a'll sure be asleep."
hJ. l Br^ mornins: "Shffell on Drums
heugh, still holding hls-rriend's cold hand,
* n £, j*" 1^ ;a t a hearth where the lire
nad died down Into white ashes; but the
peace on the doctor's face was of one who
rested from his labors. - -
t'Ji 1 »V ls u, e T ay the good man departs
this life. His faith in. Jesus Chrisfkeepa
h!m pure, and i good from youth to , olrt
age, and takes the sting from death, mak
ing death but the portal to the, life eter
nal_hrheaven. :For. the Christian. to live
s Christ- to die Is; gain; to depart. Is to
oe with Christ. • . -
¦"To this blessed victory we are all called
Each must settle the auestion for him
self.' whether he shall triumph in life and
in. death or go down in defeat. - -¦"¦
, Who wishes for defeat? Not "a human
soul. desire of., victory Is as univer
sally .prevalent as. Is the tendency to de-
Br.ondency.'It Is an innate and very essen
tial constituent of our human: nature
This desire Is manifested in all%cliine8.
tribes aijrd nations, among younz and old.
There is no Joy like that of victory. We
never tire talking about our victories.
There Is no joy -In defeat. •
A certain writer says as he looked* upon
the returning regiment of the Army of th«
Potomac as they marched throuch the
streets of an Eastern city his eyes over
flowed with tears as he gazed upon the
bronzed and battle-scarred veterans and
thought of what they had dared and done
for him. _ ¦
"At last," says he. "as the center of
the column turned in. two liagstaffs. borne
side by side, attracted my attention. Hang
ing from those staffs were the remnants
of the" battle banners that had swept in
alternate victory and defeat over the
blood-soaked fields of the Peninsula,
through the campaigns of Maryland and
the Rappahannock and the terrible c*eath
grapples of the Wilderness, and over the
remparts of Petersburg, and .there they
came, fringed and shredded by shot and
shell, begrimed ~. by smoke and scorched
by. flame, but wreathed with victory. Vic
tory at last. . And my poor heart broke
down as those banners, baptized In blood,
spoke of all their ¦ gaping wounds to me,'
of tha noble heroes who had borne them.
Ah! they were veterans!"
? B . ut I P rese nt to- you a banner mood
stained by the self-sacrince of him who
toore it. it speaks of the most wonderful
SnS 113 a V d ? f v the greatest huSil
iation on the part of the Son of God him
felf- - It speaks of the. awful struggles of
the wilderness— sin and death fled at his
?n r £ r £ a n h 7,? f the terrlbl * Pains and suffer
ing of Gethsemane, of the tortures of that
ignominous death -upon the cross, of the
glorious triumphant resurrection morning
and of-the grand consummation when ha
ascended to the world above w "<=" *"»
God is striving with all of us that we
™JH \ fZ e wn omplete trfu *iDh over sin
and death. \Vil! we not open our hearts
to the- King of kings? He will come into
our lives and drive out every evil thirir
that denies and defeats, let us SI
Chnst now for all he la intended to be to
us. If we w«J n life ' s battles against sin
and at last triumph over death and bo
crowned victors in heaven, it will be be
cause we enlisted under the banner of tha
cross and kept step to the bugle notes o?
the Great Captain of our salvation? Let
us arise and go hence In the aavins power
or (—11x13 tu /
¦'.'Am ready noo,;-anV a'll -get ma hiss
when mither comes; a' wish, she ,\vud
come, for- a'm tired an 1 wantin'. tae sleep.
"Yon's her step — —an', she's carrying' ¦ a
llcht in her hand :^ a' see it through the
door. ¦:.-¦.'¦ ¦-•.;.¦ ,' , ¦/;. ¦ . ; . ..¦ - ¦•¦_
"Mither! a 1 .kent- ye wudna forget- yir
laddie, for ye promised tae come, and a ve
feenishedma Dsalm. .-'„;.• ¦_
• All come afore ye gang tae -sleep,
Wullie, but ye'll no get yir kiss unless
yexan feenish the, psalm.' - , . ,
" " 'And in God's, house — for evermore
m y- — hoo dis it rin? A' canna mind. the
next- t word— r— my;-my -~ . v • J ¦.,¦•
• '-'It's ower. dark- noo tae" readmit, an'
mither 'ill -sure be 1 comin'." ¦,"¦•'.*-. . ,. -:
Drumsheugh, .in agony; whispered ii:to
his ear, "'My dwelling place.VWeeilium."
That's it, thuit's^it a' noo; wha said it?
; "'And in God's .house for evermore mv
dwelling-place, shall be. 1
I will ransomVthem from the power
of the grave; I will redeem them from
death; O death, I- will be thy plague; O
grave, I will be thy destruction!" v"-
The true Christian, dies well. His de
parture ¦ is . one A of glorious triumph.
How • beautifully" • and ' touchingly ; Is
this -shown In Ian "Maclaren's por
trait in« "Beside the Bonnie -Brier
Bush", of William Maclure,. a -Christian
physician whose life had been spent cheer
fully and patiently for others In constant
sacrifice. : ¦ When, the good- old doctor's
time came to go,* his old friend Drums
heugh held him by the hand, which now
and again tightened in .his. and as he
watched, a change -came over the face ua
the pillow beside him. The lines of weari
ness disappeared, as If God's "hand had
passed over it; and peace began to gather
round the " closed ! eyes. The, doctor has
forgotten the toil of later years; and las
gone-back to his -boyhood. ' "The Lord's
my shepherd. I'll, not want," he repeated,
till he came to the last verse, and then
he hesitated: "Goodness and mercy, all
.my life shall* surely follow .me.' Follow
me — —and and — -what next? Mlther
said I we6 tae .; h'ae't ready ' when she
Cam .' :;-.. ¦- - <¦.:. • ¦ •'.'.:.' ;%' ¦; "¦ -
body, spirit wholly given to him who has
redeemed us, we may safely trust his
care and wisdom in temporal and spiritual
affairs. ' He will' make the very best- of
these powers which we commit to him.:
And "it doth not yet appear what we shalL
be," but. full of imperfeotion as we see
ourselves now, we shall be some dayi like
him, changed Into the same image in the
presence of his glory with exceeding Joy.
; In Christ we have "a partnership that is
equal to the work of dethroning the great
adversary and casting him out from the
heart. The most inveterate love for
-sensual pleasure, the most consuming am
bition, the . most willful and 'arbitrary
hatred of the good, arc no bar to Christ's
power. He. can renew th% affections and
change the race and turn all the power of
a man's being into an engine for resisting
and trampling under foot the evil one."—
Dr. A. H. Storey.
This is the genius of true discipleshlp
and the final aim of religion.
/ ' V.— DEATH. " y
By reason, of sin all men are destined
to. die. Death and the grave stands be
fore all. -Nothing is so feared and dreaded.
But when sin, death's sting, is overcon»e
through Christ, we have nothing to fe:tr
of death. ' V- 7- ' . ¦
absorbed in tne wungs that ares seen. that
we forget the things that are not seen.
All the sins and follies of this world
must be given up, because they prevent
the noblest development in this life and
eventually lead to the separation from all
that is good and pure in heaven. Young
people, beware of the associations yov
form- in life. You will find it easy or dlfi
flcult to be true to God, according to your
companions and associations. If - you
would be true in your right relations to
God, beware of the' spirit of the present
world. * .-:•¦-
Don't dress for another,' world at the
looking-glass of this...
¦ The important thing is to settle the
question whether, we want : to love God
and seek to serve and please him. If that
Is our decision anything that would pre
vent carrying it out must be aveided. The
.place of danger, is along the border.. It. is
there the enemy locates his camp. Our
only salvation :n this world is in decision
of character. We must be people of one
purpose, and dead in earnest in carrying
out that purpose. . The way to victory
over the spirit of ¦ the -world' is the . sur
renderof the will and life to God. • v
IV. SELF.
Here is to many their Waterloo. They
can't quite consent for self to be under
the full sway of Christ.
Self assumes part>of the government
¦ and most earnestly contends the right to
•divide" the sovereignty of the heart be
tween Christ and Satan. .This Is a fatal *
blunder. Many say they would like to be
come a Christian, but they persist in
having their own- way in the disposal 'of,
their time, property, ' indulgences, etc.
They can't quite consent for Christ to be"
their "all and In all."
This is a great source of fear and fail
ure among many : Christians. It is the
hardest thing to have their own hearts
pierced by the sword of the spirit and to
say, "Thy will, not mine, be done."
Pride, selfishness, anger; swayings, car
ral appetite and passion must be brought
under the gentle sway of Christ. -
Self or God? Which shall It be?
The heart is the strategic point. All
true religion begins ¦there, and It's" good
to begin with the beginning. . Christ, came
"to present you holy and unblamable and
unreprovable iu his sight." — '- \ ; - v - ' :
Self loves not always • the ; best, for self
rebels against the spirit of the cross. ..'
The conquest, of the world is, from first
to last, the conquest of yourselves. It is
a glorious struggle and sublime to see one :
wrestling with his evil inclinations and
subduing them in Christ's strength, .crush- j
ing out wicked desires and passions and,
crowding his life with the pure and good.
Overcoming one's self is. what counts. We :
who bear the image of God should take
our rank with the forces that' build up
and- conserve character, rather than with
those that through selfish ease or indif
ference allow character to decay. ¦¦', •¦
What does 1 - it mean' to thus' consecrate
one's self to Christ? - ;
If I should consecrate my life to -some
line of study— art or music, for instance—
what would I do? * I would first of all
fully -make my choice •a'nd adhere -to - it
through all obstacles. Nothing should di
vert me from my .purpose. I would seek
the very best teacher, put mysel fender his
tuition and obey his Instructions, not once
presuming, that- I could follow my own
methods in preference to his. . I would
read the best books upon the subject of
my choice, 'and I would study ; the work of
the best artists, and take the most' perfect
models as my- 'deas.' In this way the high
est possibilities In me would be developed.
It is somehow so in the Christian life. The
decided choice must be made, once " and
forever. The- one -.Teacher -must be our
guide and instructor, 'and implicit obedi
ence given to his direction. His character
and his work must be the model of our
own, and all. that. 1 . does not tend, to our'
completeness In ' the vocation of a Chris
tian must be. ruled-out i of our thoughts
and conduct. Such , consecration is not
for the few, only; no professed disciple of
the Lord Jesus should have a lower stand
ard. The outcome, how glorious! Soul,
upon the children of disobedience." "For
of whom a man is overcome, of the sanw
is he brought *in bondage."
Many a poor, sickly person has starved
to death amidst plenty' of the most whole
some and appetizing food, for tne want
of an appetite! What matters it how rich
the provision for the spiritual life of man,
if he la wholly absorbed in his physical
life. Take him where you will— Into our
paradises of beauty and fragrance of
flowers, Into our well-equipped libraries,
into our art galleries and museums, and
he will be sure to find that which appeals
to the lower and animal nature, while thq
pure and noble and sublime will miss hli
view.
God has ordained the beautiful ns an
agent of the higher life. : Men are not
only to have a taste for the beautiful
objects of life; they are to produce beau
tiful thoughts and deeds.
Beautiful thoughts and deeds -stamp
themselves upon the face. | There are
faces that have possibilities of beauty
but they are empty: they tell of a starved
soul. Others are written with discontent
ana selfishness. •• . .
An artist once secured an unwilling
Chinaman to sit as a model for him.
"John." he said, "if you don't look pleasr
anter I won't pay you."
"Ko use," said John; "when Chinaman
feelee ugly he lookee uglv."
The secret of an attractive personality
is high thinking and a pure heart. • Only
when a beautiful face mirrors a beautiful
soul has the world found its ideal.
The great thing of Importance to all
of us is to know- ne art of right living
and the science of character building. Man
must so live that the higher and spiritual
things of life may lend loveliness to mind
and heart. "For." as Dr. HIllls says, "it
seems an incongruous thing for man to
adorn his cottage, lend charm to its walls
a.iJ windows, make Its ceilings to be like
the floor of — heaven for beautv, ¦while
within his heart he cherishes groveling
littleness, slimy sins, light-winged
evasions, brutal passions. He whose body
rides In a palace car must not carry a
soul that is like unto a savage."
'Jesus Is able to save us from this bond
age -of the carnal and fleshly mind. He
makes those who come unto him "new
creatures," desirous of the things that
feed the higher life.
A great American lecturer, speaking of
the uselessneps of most men's lives, once
paid: "If millions in Africa and in other
parts of the world were sunk in the sea
they would not be missed. Thousands In
Christian lands could be spared and not
missed. The bubbles where they, went
down would mean as much to the worM,
as do their lives now." Some are endowed
•with ¦wonderful power but their life is
low, but Jesus Christ in a man's life will
elevate, improve and /enlarge it, inspiring
the soul with noble aspirations.
What was the life of John Bunyan
worth before he became a Christian? If
he had been cast Into the sea the world
would not have missed him. His life was
an empty bubble.
But Bunyan became a Christian"" and a
new ideal of life was born into his soul.'
Then if Bunyan had been sunk iri the
sea, what an incalculable loss the world
would have sustained!
It Is not possible for the life of every
one to become so rich as that of Bunyan,
hut no one-can come to Christ in sincer
ity without becoming glorious.
How many narrow, selfish, worthless
lives we witness! Men and women think
little thoughts. Indulge narrow feelings,
experience low desires aria do little good
because the life that is in them is narrow,
and low. . • •
III. THE WORLD.
The friendshjp of. this world, we .are
told, Is enmity with God; and whosoever
will be a friend of the world is the enemy
of God. - * : .
No moral evil In jthe world 'itself apart
from man. There Is no > reference to an
abstract world that holds us in its grasp.
The thought is living wholly for : the
things pertaining to this life only. We are
to love the good things In this earthly
life and covet the best gifts, while we' are
to shun the evil things of this earthly life
—the things which hinder our right rela
tions with God and prevent our learning
to do good. Whatever retards growth in
Christian character and destroys one's
power of Christian usefulness and help
fulness is of this world only, and must be
overcome. Worldly customs, maxims,
dress, amusements, notions about 're
ligion and social evils are to be carefully
watched. We are not to follow the multi
tudes willingly, thinking we shall come
out all right in the end. \ ..:.-.
May we learn the timely lesson and
make all our experiences In life glorify
Christ and build up Christian character -
¦Many things in this world are a mixed
and ever present power of attraction and
temptation. . ¦
The Papists are wrong in their monasti
cal ideas. We are not to Withdraw from
the society of men, neglect or cast away
our business and property. An abstracted
and sublimated devotion to God is imprac
ticable and absurd. While we abide in
this earthly, sphere we are to live for the
heavenly and eternal world.
The danger comes .when we become so
?* "Y EXT to tie roost masterly and
/\ I unanswerable argument of Paul
I V 'In the Book of Homans in de
\ V fense of the plan of salvation by
V» faith in Christ stands his great
discoTxrse on the resurrection of the dead
found in I Cor,, xv. His great theme is
the resurrection of the dead, which he
proves f rota the fact of Christ's resurrec
tion. After picturing the glorious change
from the corruptible to the Incorruptible,
from the mortal to the -immortal, he ex
claims triumphantly. VDeath is • swal
lowed ttp in victory. O death.' where is
thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?"
' He then says, "The sting of death is sin
and the power of sin Is the law." This
being true, the thing to v do I* to get ri<l
of the sting of death, which Is sin. an-1
this Is possible through Christ. "But
.thanks be to God. who giveth us the
victory through our Lord Jesus Christ"
These words bring to our hearts much
needed comfort in the glorious truth that
there is victory over death and the grave
: "because there is victory over sin through
our Lord Jesus Christ.
To every man life is a battle. This world
Is the battlefield. .Numerous are the foes
¦which assail him. This truth is empha
sized in the experience of every man who
is pledged to a holy life and the spread
of righteousness and truth, which de«
. jnands the full work of a faithful soldier.
To some the struggle will be harder than
lo others, but none shall ever be without
foes. The warfare against the forces of
darkness will continue until Christ shall
reign supreme. Xone must think of lay.
ing aside the armor until the crown be
•won in heaven.
In this struggle we are much like Eli
sha's young servant; we see too much of
the enemy and too Little of our God. Our
eyes are blinded by fear, which ify the
fruit of doubt and unbelief. We hear the
bitter wails of the many all about us who
have gone down under the stroke of th»
enemy, by trusting in themselves.
At the same time, we hear the songs of
triumph from the many who have con
quered and ¦who continue to conquer
» trough our Lord Jesus Christ.
. We are told that all enemies have i>een
conquered except death. Our knowledge
goes further than that. We know death
has been conquered also; it has surren
dered to our Christ. But death is con
quered because sin h2s been conquered.
To all there are some battles to fight bo
fore we shall be ready to triumph over
death. These are (1) against the devil,
<2) the carnal mind. (3) the world, (4) self,
(5) then our last foe. death.
L THE DEVIL-A MIGHTY FOE.
By nature his captives. "That they
ingy recover themselves out of the snare
of the devil, who are taken captive by
him at his will." (II Timothy ii:26.) He
is the unseen leader of all our opposing
forces and unless we are extremely care
ful we shall fall a prey to his strategy.
He Is compared to a smith at his forge
blowing with the breath of temptation
upon the coals of human desire, until they
are sufficiently heated to melt the pur
poses of the will, and then, our will hav
ing yielded, he bends and fashions us as
he pleases. •
Satan, the great arch-demon of the sroul,
must be battled against.- He is cunning
and crafty in his attacks. He seldom. If
ever, openly opposes the truth. He does
a good deal of masquerading in disguising
his purposes. But whatever his modes of
attack upon the kouI he must be met and
overcome. This is a struggle that never
ceases; it is a hand-to-hand conflict and
a battle till death. We are told that when
Xapoleon had captured Saragossa he
found the battle, was renewed in every
street and was not finally won until the
desperate defenders of that city had been
met and defeated singly and individually.
Jesus came to destroy the works of the'
devil and he trill save from his wrath and
subtlety those who surrender themselves
to him and trust him.
Jesus overcame Satan in the wilderness,
triumphed over him on the cross and he
reigns the conqueror In glory.
But no man can be saved against his
will. There are certain antecedent con
ditions of heart necessary before Christ
can save a man from the power of Satan.
Man must be tired of sin and long to be
a. good man. Then he must turn away
from Bin to Christ, who will abundantly
save BEd gloriously keep saved.
Luther tells us of his experience with the
devil, who said to him, "Master Luther
thou art a threat sinner and thou wilt be
damned." "Stop, stop!" I said, "one
thing at a time. I am a great sinner, it
Is true—though thou hast no right to eay
eo-J for.fess it. What next?"
"Therefore thou shait be damned," uuoth
he. ; -
"That is not good reasoning," said I.
It 18 true that l,am a great sinner, but
Is written, 'Christ Jesus came to save sin
ners, therefore I shall be saved. Now eo
thy vrsY.
"So did I cut off the devil with his own
sworu. and he went away sorrowing be
cause he could not cast me down by call
intr me a sinner."
Thank God for victory over Satan
through Christ's atoning blood It is
, .u I 1 oV^'coines Satan within and
Christ that achieves every conquest with
out. - , i
Unless we turn' from sins to Christ, our
Kins shall cast us down in defeat We
must make the choice ourselves. How
forcibly does Whit tier embody this sol
emn truth in the following lines:
Tho* God be rood and free be heaven
No force divine car. love compel;
And tho' the song of sins forgiven
M»y sound through lowest' hell.
TI»« sw«t persuasions of his voice
B«f pects thy sanctity of will. •
A tenderer lijrht than moon or sun
• Then sons ot earth, a swteter hymn
May thine and Round forever on -
And t-ou be deaf and dim.
Forever round the mercy seat
The gutdins light of lore Khali burn* .
But m-hat if, habit-bound, thy feet
Shall lack the will to turn? . **
"What If thine eyeg refuse to see.
Thine car of heaven's free welcome fall.
' And thou a willing: captive be —
Tbyeelf thine own dark jail?
II. THE CARNAL MIND-THE FLESH-
LY MIND,
Many have a fleshly mind. Sin reigns
In their bodies; they obey it In the lusts
thereof; their members are instruments
of unrighteousness; they yield their mem
bers servants to uncleanness and to ini
quity: they are the servants of those
whom they obey (Rom. C:12>. What slaves
to the flesh there are! How many are
sewing the flesh In the lusts thereof' The
centsr and circumference of their life is
eating and drinking and- reveling in the
pleasures of sin. What slaves to appetite,
to strong drink, to Impurity, to the,un
wholesome pleasures of sense. The end
of these things is death. "For these
thirurs' sake cometh the wrath of God
THE SUNDAY; CALL.
12
THE FIVE BATTLESJUIJY; 21, : 190i^-THlRTY-TATO^ PAGEiS.
feAN FRANCISCO,; SUNDAY,'
VOLUME XC— NO. 51.
GREAT EPWORTH CONVENTION T0-DAY PASSES
INTO HISTORY OF THE LEAGUE AS THE MOST
SUCCESSFUL OF ITS MANY GREAT GATHERINGS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Continued ..'on. Page .Fifteen. \
> - Continued on « Page. Fourteen. "
Chile's Minister Seriously. HI.
BUFFALO.' July 20.— Don Carlos Vi
cuna. Minister from Chile to this country.
Is sick with, pneumonia at bis hotel In
thia dt*.
IN the neighborhood of 500 merchants,- 1
artisans, 'clerks from stores and;
from ; their . desks in the City Hall
and laborers gathered yesterday at
the noon hour In the square In front .
of the City Hall to listen to the earn
est exhortation of the league ministers.
The meeting was scheduled as" special for
- business men. but in the assemblage were
representatives of all ranks and classes. ,
As the convention at the Pavilion vras dis
missed at that hour, numbers of the dele
gates helped to swell the crowd^ and also
the choruses.' • ' • /'i'V
George W. Pennlman of Cllntpn. Mass..
opened the meeting with an earnest prayer
that the spirit of the Lord might assist
the leaders in instilling religious ; senti-'
meats Into the hearts of those present. At
the conclusion of the cppeal'' for. divine
•help a sacred song was rendered under the
directorship of J." M. RotinsonV. The sing
ing was entered into with such vim -that
the harmony echoed through, the corridors
, • . - - •» ¦•_.¦¦ •-.-..- • » - . k. ....... ...
Eloquent League Speakers Offer Religious Counsel to Hundreds. of Business; Men Wage
Earners, Who Throw Aside for a Period the Cares -of Daily Toil tto|lli¥^^tp|go|^el
Truths, and Are Encouraged to Forsake the Paths of Sin Which Invite Ruih r and Death
OPEN-AI R NOON MEETINGS ATTEND ED
BY LARGE GATHERINGS 0F CITIZENS
¦ p mm J 'B matter/of selecting a place at
B - vhich the International ; Epworth
H League ."convention is to- be held
¦ B „¦ in ! : : 1903'v. was >: considered without .
. ; '<JL',V. definite result at: a -meeting of the
1 ] , ¦, : ; . committee on •resolutlphs: of the
board of ' control hel<i at the " Palace yea- j
terday afternoon.' \"'\. ¦ • - t • '
iThs city -' of v Minneapolis was the only,
city represented „ at ithe j'meeting, .and its
offer. ," was,.' Ux[ consequence, .the; only one
.made to the committee 'in .open, session. >
Nevertheless "the" "mader- was : referred "to
DETROIT ENTERS FIELD
AGAINST MINNEAPOLIS
Question of Meeting Place'- for Next International Epworth
'¦.'-League Convention Is Given, a Hearing by the Committee
but Is Referred a Sub-Committee Without Action
a special committee ¦ of five to consider
the question of a meeting place and sub
mit a final report. ¦ . .. \
' The -members of the committee pres
ent were: Bishop LJ W. Joyce, J. F.
Berry, "W. H. Waste, A. C. Crews, H. M.
Du Bose. Bev. Mr. Wagner of Georgia and
•Rev. Mr. Carter, representing 1 the colored :
branch i of the -..league on the board.
Bishop Joyce occupied the. chair, while
Rev. ! Mr. ¦ Wagner '.acted j as secrettary.
• Rev. Charles Baird Mitchell of Minne
apolis presented the claims of his city for
the - honor ' of caring for . the convention
delegates in 1903. He ' said " th'e? people of
Minneapolis were "exceedingly -anxious
that the next. convention shall meet there,
and that they would do all in their, power
to' render the stay of the delegates' in' the
,' Northwest a delight long to be remem- -
bered.-- . '" *- " / -.•-"•:.• 'V •' '-M «.
- ,- Hard to Equal San Francisco.
VltvwouM be exceedingly difficult." he
said, "for- us, to do what San" Francisco
has accomplished in the line of entertain
ment and in the reception and entertain
ment^ of the members " of the' Epworth
League, This" city 'has v struck, a gait
which .any city might find it ¦ difficult ' to'
follow, but what .we ' lack j in the way of
SpENES • AT' THE OPEN. AIE MEETING FOR BUSINESS' MEN AND "WAGE.
I EARNERS! HELD' IN "CITY HALL" SQUARE AT -NOON -YESTERDAY/
• WHEN MANY/ HUNDREDS. LISTENED TO WHOLESOME COUNSEL. r '
MORE than 1000 happy and smU
l ing faced rboys and girls oc
cupied the center of the audi
torium of the Mechanics' Pa
vilion yesterday afternoon,
and*on either .side they wer»
flanked by as many of their seniors. On
the platform besides the • speakers
were the members of the Cumberland,
Presbyterian Junior Christian Endeavor
Society, In costume. Their singing was as
instructive and astonishing to the East
erners as amusing to the younger ele
ment. ••
C. J. Haar, chairman of the volunteer
aid committee, presided, and A. L. Scott
Brook officiated at the bfe organ. The
Park sisters led the singing of "America" j
by the young folks,' after which they fa
vored "them with a 'beautifully rendered
instrumental number.
"Mrs. Ada Anderson, the new State stw
perlntendent J£ of ; the " Junior EpwortH
League for Indiana, was the first speak
er. She .told -of her. work and congratu
lated the youths on their opportunities to
attend' church* unopposed.
-The Chinese junior chorus of the Cum
berland Presbyterian | Chinese Church
sang "Just a 'Little . Sunshine," and was
heartily encored.
Must "Understand Soys.
Mrs. Annie E. Smiley, national Junior
League superintendent, of Lowell, Mass.,
took for her subject "Boys."
i "You must understand the boys," she
said, "if you expect to inter eatf and hold
them. I do not believe that boys have a
hateful age, but I do believe that they
have a trial size, and they must go
through it the same /&% they do the
measles or •whooping cough." !
After a j song by the congregation the
Chinese Junior Christian Endeavor chorus
sang "Christ Arose Triumphant."
Mrs. Annie Hobbs Woodcock. State su
perintendent of Junior leagues of Nebras
ka, spoke ' exclusively to the boys and
girls, drawing inspiration from the flow
ers, trees and— fruit. She was given
marked attention. '/ \£
Father A. M. Bailey, a white-haired
man. 80 years of age. sang "The Old Ship
of ZIon" , much ; to the chlldrep'3 delight. -
The session closed with congregational
singing and the benediction. s
One of the -. Most Interesting
features N of the Conven
tion ' Is Enjoyed by Many
JUNIORS
RALLY AT
PAVILION
Over' One- Thousand Happy,
'Smiling Children Take- Part
¦;¦; ini the ¦¦ League Programme
CONVENTION
IS DRAWING
TO A CLOSE
Intense Interest Manifested
at, the Final Meetings of
Epworth League Delegates
To- Day's Sessions Will GJpse £
Great Gathering Mark
Epoch in League's History..
THE approach of the closing ses
sions of the great Epworth
League convention has served to
rouse the Interest of delegates to
a high pitch. It Is expected,
therefore, that to-day's proceed;-
Jngs. which will round out one of the most
Buccessful gatherings In the history of the
league, will be productive of . material
good to the organization.
Yesterday's sessions were of the most
Interesting- character. They began with
the customary cunrise 'praise service at
the various churches, and the attendance
at each was ait that the directors could
desire. In the morning there were largely
attended meetings at the Pavilion, Metro
politan Temple, Central and Howard
street- churches and the. Alhambra
Theater. A round-table was a fea
ture at most of the meetings, and In
the discussions ¦which followed some valu
able suggestions for league workers were
made.
At noon there were open-air meetings at
City Hall square, on Van Ness avenue.
near Golden Gate avenue, and on' the
same thoroughfare between Hayes ".and
Fell streets. At the same hour meetings
for business men were held In f the court
yard of the PaUce Hotel and In the rooms'
of the Chamber of ¦ Commerce. . All of;
these meetlnc* were largely attended; and
considerable Interest therein" was~ mani
fested. •' '
A grand Junior rally was held at the Pa
vilion In the - afternoon, at whlch_ several
Interesting addresses we're made. A" com
plimentary concert at the park attracted
several thousand Leaguers to that popu--
lar resort. *
The conference of missionaries at the :
Central Church last night was largely at
tended. The proceedings were of the most
interesting: nature. State rallies at vari
ous churches dosed the day's proceedings.
A matter of interest to the members of. 1
the league was the meeting of the com
mittee on resolutions of the board of con
trol, which was held at the Palace Hotel
during the aftern6on. The main ques
tion, that of the next place of meeting of
the convention, was considered, but no
conclusion was reached. Th« only city to
make an offer for the convention was
Minneapolis, but the offer made was
deemed to be rather Indefinite, and the
subject was referred to a special commit
tee to consider the claims of Minneapolis
and Detroit to the honor. This committee
may meet to-day to settle the vexed ques
tion, but as no Instructions were given
relative to the time a report was expect
ed the sub-committee .may arrive- at a
conclusion at : ts pleasure.
Last night's conoer v at the .Pavilion
rerved to fill that structure to the doors.
The various numbers of the excellent' pro^'
fraraae, which were so greatly relished
Tuesday evening, were repeated. The
chorus was In fine voice, and the features
of the evening were rendered to the com
plete enjoyment of all present
Many Leaguers are already leaving the
rtty on ride trips to the Yosemlte and
ether resorts in various parts of the State.
Of these a certain percentage will return
to the city, but the greater part will Jour
ney eastward to their homes after the
completion of their outings In the Interior.
Several hundred will leave the city to
morrow night, in advance of the main
army of Leaguers, which will leave during
the week. •
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
of the City Hall, causing the' officials of
the municipality to come forth' from their
offices." ... ' . , ,_ ' '¦ . '"'_ ¦ ' . -.' , ¦
; J. E. E. Shore of 'Toronto, Canada; then,
made . the . address . .of .,' the meeting, ¦ In
which he • advised 1 his ; hearers to' ; .th!nk
MEETING PLACE 0 F THE NEX T EPWORTH LEAGUE CONVENTION
IS NOT YET AGREED UPON BY THE BOARD OF CONTROL
. /IS. predicted by The Call yesterday,^ the '\maitef~ of^deciding-- uponf-Minneqpolh r- as the '.city
at which the riexticonventionaf .the. International -E
„ not by the resolution committee' of "the, B
A special committee was appointed to tate
ings at some . future time:^:}lL-Juas {demonstrated^during -the ineeting'4}mttJDetrji>Ui^ms^n'ithJ^^
arid the action of the resolution commUteeHn\r^ a accepted
ty the members of the Detroit delegation as a victory.- ' . ¦-:. . ; 1 •• \ ,: :, • ; ¦ , .,:.-; i ]C IPROMINENT LEAGUER AND
SCENES TYPICAL OP THE
. EPWORTH PRAISE MEETING.
' - ' ¦¦ ¦ "i ¦ ¦ ¦ : . ¦ * ¦», 7 ; . ¦ ¦. j
the league, and It is part of the Methodist sys
tem of education. The relation which the
Methodist church sustains to the national' life
is vital. The work of Methodism in the past 'is
the best evidence of its being a providential
agency called forth for the performance of a
particular mission. It Is claimed the founding
of Methodism not only resulted in a revival, of
religion but that it. saved England from the
revolution which later swept over France. In
order to be effective Methodism. does not reject
crude methods where better could not be had.
She has adapted herself to the needs 'of the na
tion without a compromise of principle and has
performed hard, plain work without a com
promise of honor. The readiness to adapt her
self to the needs of national life is duo to her.
nature,, polity and doctrine, whereby she has
been styled the great popular church of Amer
ica. " Methodism, according to the great philoso
phers of the world, is in accordance With edu
cation. The influence of Methodism on our na
tional life has increased with our. growth in
education. -In proportion as the Methodist
church influences the United ¦ States she is In
fluencing the world for Christ.
Educational Features.
"The Reading Course 'arid How to In-"
troduce It," was the title of .an instruc-
3£issionary Meetings.
C. V. Vickery of Chicago spoke upon the
missionary committee, its appointment,
purpose and duties. In introducing his
subject he asked for the number of chap
ters that had missionary committees. A
vote showed about one chapter in four
represented had one. He urged that a
year from, now every chapter should have
one. He answered numerous questions
asked from the floor.
Rev. P. L. Cobb of Xashville, Tenn..
epoke upon the missionary meetings.
"Prayer is one of the greatest elements
that enter into any meeting," he an
nounced, and emphasized this remark by
asking the audience to stand and its mem
bers to lead in prayer. Several responded.
•'Another element in the meetings is
eong," he said. "Let us sing," and the
audience sang. "Another element that we
need to cultivate is the reading of the
Scripture. "Will you give us selections*
from them?" lie asked, and numerous re
sponses came from all over the house.
Twenty-five volunteers for missionary
work were present and half a dozen more
volunteered to place themselves in 1 the
hands of their respective boards for work
on the foreign field.
The Iowa delegates marched In at this"
juncture, carrying the beautiful prize ban
ner offered by the Epworth Herald to the
State having the largest list of subscrib
ers to the official organ. They also claim
to have the largest delegation, present of
any State excepting California. . •
Bishop Joyce announced the approval of
manufacturer say he does not believe in mis
sions? Tell him that tne missionary Is the
pioneer of commerce into every field.
We have nearly S.uoO.OvO adherents on the
missionary field to-day. There are 449 great
missionary organizations giving $2u,C0O,0C0 an
nually to the support of missions.
Everything must find its inspiration. - 1
think we've made some mistakes in looking for
inspiration. We cannot find it in the social
club, in literary Improvement. We've got to
find Inspiration somewhere else if we are go
ing to make any euccese. We must flnd some
great purpose. Whenever you find a dead Ep
worth League it is because of lack of pur
pose. Let us give it a purpose. What is a
greater purpose than the saving of the world
for Christ? Do our work near to the great
heart of Christ and we'll have inspiration
Emphasize the Christ idea.
Doets tile business man, the merchant, the
Rev. Clarence F. Reed of Seoul, Korea,
who is home an furlougn, told how to
rauke the Epworth League a force for
missions. He said:
The best way to make a chapter a mission
ary force is .to get information and insp.ration.
When a man auys he does not l>eileve in mis
sions be is ignorant — ignorant ot the life of
Christ, ignora.:)'. of the life of the church. The
missionary idea is the idea of the Gospel of
Christ.
Force for Missions.
pealed out at 9 o'clock there were
less than half a dozen delegates in their
seats. However, many were in the house
viewing the exhibits, and in twenty min
utes more several hundred were present
to hear Rev. H. M. Du Bose, general sec
retary of the Epworth League in the -M.
E. Church South, when he began his ad
dress.
Chairman Robert Husband of the music
committee conducted the song service and
K. T. Colton, chairman of the committee,
presided. Dr. Du Bose referred to the
league's work in the follov% T ing words:
There ts nothing strong without prayer, . noth
ing i/iuv without prayer. There Is no power in
the Epworth League and there can be none
without pray«r. lx>ng ago the Epworth League
¦would have been extinguished had we not the
lire of mlBtionary zeal. A'ow we want to reach
the individual. This we will do through teach
ing and preaching missions.
.. HE subject of missions did not at
rj|A tract many to the Mechanics' Pa
5} villon at the opening of the third
E day's session of the Epworth
w Leacrue convention yesterday
-**- morning. When the grand organ
Does a literary department ¦ pay ? -'Yes,^ the
literary department Is the educational part of
The free discussion definitely deter
mined that the social and benevolent ten
dencies of the league should be sub
ordinated to the inculcation of religion
and that the chief aim is the winning of
souls. In crder that the league might
prosper and accomplish its best work, it
was decided that the leaders should be
thoroughly instructed In their work,
either by the pastor or by the senior
leaders. The majority of the - delegates
reported that their particular leagues ex
perienced the greatest difficulty in in
ducing the members to undertake devo
tional work. r
When the chairman. Professor- R. S.
Copeland, M. D., Ann Arbor, Mich.,""
called the meeting to order, the; floor of
the theater was well filled. . ;',£ •;.; "
After prayer had been TOff«redy . and
hymns of praise had been > duly .. sung,
Rev. S. B. Turrentine of Greensboro,"' N.
C, ws.s introduced and delivered an elo
quent address on "Does the Lit^ary De
partment Pay?" He devoted the greater
part of his time to describing the influence
which the Methodist church, in regard to
education, has had on the 'national life
of the United States. In part he said:
Before the Epworth League delegates
completed their session yesterday morn
ing at the Alhambra Theater the orators
were allowed to take their seats and the
audience was given an inning in which to
discuss problems of interest. In the short
half hour, in which all were left .free to
express their opinion, many suggestions
of importance were advanced. The
leaguers from all parts of the country
told about the personal experience of their
respective chapters in arousing interest
among their members and in conducting
meetings to the greatest advantage.
League "Work Is Discussed Pro and
Con bv Workers in Cause of
Christ.
DEBATES- OF INTEEEST
AT ALEAMBRA THEATER
E. F. Coltcn of Chicago, concluded^ the
morning's session with an address on "The
Bible and Missions."
W. W. Cocner of Kenosha, Wis., pre
sented the matter :of Jhe_ .missionary
libraries and ureed that every chapter
purchase one and install it in the church.
"The Study Course" was the. theme of
Clyde Jack of Fort Worth, Tex. Three
thousand Enworth- leaguers followed the
official reading course last year, he said,'
and he hoped th«t 10,000 would follow it
this year.
Rev". Joseph F. Berry, the general sec
retary. maue»a short address in which he
declared that the Epworth League pro
posed to do its duty. "There are 100,003
leaguers consecrated to evangelistic
work," he, said. "This is to be a year 01
missions and allied benevolence. My right
arm and hand are on God's altar to make
this year memorable to the Methodist
Episcopal Church."
Edward D. Soper of Harisburg, Pa.,
spoke on "Systematic Giving." He said:
Did you ever think how little the Epworih
Ltaguers are glvlnr? Do you know it is our
own fault? What is needed is not more mo
tive, but education; more information, more
kr.ov.-lodge of the needs and our duties. .
Don't give less than the Jew was compelled
to. Give more and pive it freely. Give sys
tematically and proportionately. A single
league of 100 members, each one of which
would lay aside a postape stamp a day. would
have $750 annually. This would support and
pay a foreign missionary. . •
this work by the general committee and
declared that if he was 27 and had as much
sense as he believes he has to-day he'd
rather be a missionary than a bishop. He
then gave an illustration of the way new
missionaries act on arriving in the, foreign
Held. Dr. Reed acted as interpreter. The
illustration was thoroughly enjoyed. ,
How to Make the ,' Epworth : Leagtt^ : a Missionaiy Force, the Great Value of Sound Literature
in Shaping the Christian Character, the Necessity of Devotional Meetings and 'Round Table Talks,
Are Matters That Occupy the Attention \ of Many Earnest, -Thoughtfur Young .Christian Workers
FRUITFUL SESSIONS HELD AT PAVILION, TEMPLE,
ALHAMBRA AND CHURCH ON THIRD MEETING DAY
One resolution which was agreed upon
directs Drs. Berry and Du Bose to enter "
Into negotiations with the Baptist Toungr j
People's Union and -Christian Endeavor .
with, a view toward securing an interna
tional code of topic lessons for us© In the |
Sunday schools. ¦ •-•-
this evening was referred to Drs. Berry;
and Newman with instructions to prepare
a report and submit it to the committee
this afternoon. These resolutions will be ] *
of the usual character and will thank tho ¦
various local committees, the press and
transportation companies for favors ex- '
tended during the sessions of the conven- '¦-
tion. .
And now the prison bespeaks our concern.
"We are fronted with startling facts. • Mrs.
Maude 'Balllngton Booth tells us there are over
80,000 men In our State prisons. The New York
Herald recently , stated that there are 250,000
accepted criminals in this country maintained
at an annual expense to the people of $1,000,
000,000. • The facts discover the problem; the
analysis suggests- the; remedy. The causes of
crime cited make it clear. that the solution
•An interesting address was that of S. B.
Campbell of St. Joseph. Mo., on the sub
ject,v"Hospital and, Prison "Work." He
said! in substance: .
Hospital and Prison Work.
disciple* ' of the Master, Leapiers , have the
into exalted example and. august authority.
This primitive method of Christian evan
gelization, adopted by Methodism from the be
ginning-, is an attractive and impressive in
terpretation of the mission' of Jesus and the
.church.' ;- . .'¦ '-' :t 'n • -
JThe scope of such visitation must be as in
dividual and broad as the thought of Christ
himself— to every man. To -the poor, discon
solate., shut in of the church we, must bo, but
.the shepherd has other sheep.' From the neg
lected, < perishing and dangerous classes, in
volving as they do the virtue," order and health
of towns and metropolis, we ; never • can turn
with Jevitical disdain. To the : spiritually des
titute and degraded who suffer from lavender
ease and fare sumptuously every .day we have
a supreme summons. They have a -place in
our pity and prayers. They must hold ;a capi
tal slace in our service. "What though the
fluty, be disagreeable and the surroundings be
dangerous in, some sections and in the homes
of refined licentiousness . morally nauseating \.
There' Is our duty, big "and direct; God's love,
and their cryinjr need. All' : these lead the
eager servant of the Lord forth to them house
by house. -
Chairinanl''Rev. C. L v Mead, Hoboken,
Song service; "W. C' : Stadtje'ld. musical
director; Devotions: Rev. J. M. Barcus,
D.' D. t 'Cleburne, Texas. .
Address, "The New Methodism," Rev. H.
A. Buchtel, D. D., Denver. Colo.
Address, Rev. J. L. Batty. Halifax, Nova
Scotia. : .- -i*' ~' .!_ "
Fare-well consecration service. Rev. Ap
pleion Bash. Ph. D.. Beaver,' Pa. y
Following is the i Epworth.
.' League Cfonventioa programme
for to-day:
Love Feast Services. v
• California - street Methodist Episcopal -
M Church, Rev. C. N. Dawson, Orgaha, Neb. .
Centenary * Methodist 'Episcopal Churca
South, David D. Thompson. Chicago, ,,111. .-¦ .
Central Methodist Eplscppal Church, Kev.
A. G. Johnson.- Chicago, • 111. ' r^
First Methodist Episcopal Church,- Rev.
, J "W. Newman, D. D.. Talladega, Ala... V..
• Grace Methodist Episcopal . Church. \v. *
: W. Cooper, Kenosha, Wis. '
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal Church,
Rev. Edwin Locke, D. D., Hoi ton, Kans.
Potrero Methodist Episcopal Church. Rev.
• George B. Addlcks, D. D.. Warrenton, Mo.
Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal
i Church. Rev. E. S. Osborn, D. D., New
'• York City. ¦ '
Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church. Rev.
John I* Pitner, D. D., Los Angeles Cal. »
First t Methodist Episcopal Churoh^Oak- *
' land," Rev. W. P. Leek, Green Bay, Wi».
lira, m.— Preaching In all the churcbe*.
(See" appointments after prosramine.)
vALHAMBRA THEATER— 3 P. M. .
Children's Mass-meeting.
' Chairman, Rev. Merrick E. Ketoham,
\ Song service; X J. Morrit. " musical di
rector. Devotions; Rev. i B. . T. Bartlett.
Napanee, Ontario, Canada.' ! „ ' ,
Address. Miss H. H. Beaaon, ¦VTaBhington,
D Address, Rev.J.V. Churchill,, Coldwater. ,
Ontario, Canada. * _ - ' _,_,_*'.-
Address, Rev. C. O. Jonee, D. T>.. Bris
tol,-Va. ' ., •' •';•... j . . / '
; MECHANICS' | PAVILJON-a P. M. "
. Song serviceV Isaac E. Blake, musical di
rector.' Devotions; Rev. Lewi* Powell,
Nashville, Tenn..' r^ i.VVv tt«'
Sermon, Bishop I. W. Joyce, D. T>., XHmD^
Minneapolis, .. Minn. .> • •. ,
"t METROPOLITAN TEMPLE— « P. M.
Sons' service; O.' M. Vesper, musical di
rector. : Devotions; Rev. H- C. JennlngB,
D.D.,- Cincinnati, Ohio. _ ¦ .. .
Sermon, Rev. E. " E. Hoss, D. D., LL.D.,
Nashville, Tenn. V.
. / Gerxnaii-Americaai Sally.
HOWARD-STREET METHODIST-EPISCO-7
- - PAL CHURCH— 3 P. M. •. j
Chairman; . H.. Al Schroetter, Covington,
ICy -*¦' : '¦¦'-' ' * *¦'¦' ¦ " ' " ¦-" * * *
Devotions ;' Rev. 'GeoreeGuth. San FVan- .
. Cl AddresV H. s - AV Salzer. La Crosse. Wis •
Address, Rev, • E. S. Havighorse, D. D., i
Mount 1 Pleasant, Iowa. ,.. ; /• -^
Closing Meetings.
MECHANICS 1 \pAVILION-7:45 P. M. v .
Chairman". C.'-AV Goss, Omaha. Neb. -r.-j
Sontc service: Robert Husband, musical
director. Devotions; Rey. "W. W. Case,
• D.>D., San Francisco, Cal. _ ,
Address. Rev. ; W. • A. Quayle, D. D., In
dl l n d a d»^^ l E. S. Rowe Victoria. B. C^
Farewell consecration service. Rev.- C. M.
: Boswell,' D.rp.,^Philaaelphla, Pa. ;
• ;'ALHAMBRA^ THEATER-7:« P. M. '
Chairman. VReV^W^H. WIthrow. D. D.,'
T Sor. n S tO serX.icTLJ: M./Roblnson. tnusical di
rector. •• Pevotlons; Rev. J. N. Beard, p. D.,.'
S^dd^Rtv'Snzo Monk. D. D.. Km£ r
V Aa'drera°W.f-W;;.' F.. Anderson. D. D..
Farew-eli consecration eervice. Rev. W.^A.
Spencer; D. P., i. Philadelphia. Pa. • •,,;
- METRdPOtSTAN TEMPLE-7:45 P.'JI.
j Ch'ainnanr^^Eev;' W.';jH. Barraclougrh. Vic-.
°So1)g."BervW:. J. X- Morris. muaJcal di
rector. V D.evotions ; -Rev. R. P. Wilson,
r>. D :; ;
Address,' Rev.' W. J.^ Young, l>. D. t Lynch- .
Kafewfill •'consecratlori' service. Rev. Ed
ward S.*Ninde, Ann Arbor, Mich.
FIRST UNITED
Y:- '& ! CHURCH— 7:45 P. M.
LEAGUERS'
PROGRAMME
FOR SUNDAY
Continued on Page Fifteen.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
DETROIT ENTERS THE FIELD.
Rev. Mr. Mitchell then went on to' say
that Minneapolis was ready, to assume the
.weighty responsibility the coming ¦ of the
convention -, would impose. He v showed
letters from the Governor of Minnesota,
Mayor of Minneapolis and from the Com
mercial " Club ' and other civil ' bodies • as
suring . him I that nothing would be , left
undone to give the> convention delegates
a. royal time while enjoying the hos
pitality of Minneapolis.
"Wo have a convention hall capable of
seating 6000 people," went on Mr.
electric lights and. all that sort of thing
w'e will make up in some other way.", :
'-At this point, at the suggestion of Dr.
Berry, the committee went into executive
session. The matter was . discussed for
nearly an > hour. The sentiment was ex
pressed : by A. C. Crews, who is said to
favor Detroit, that the offer made by Min
neapolis was vague and Indefinite. There
was nothing. to show that the city would
provide ( for the convention in a tangible
manner. The committee required definite
assurances, which, thus far, had not been
given. ' - --"¦ .
Referred to Special Committee.
The ' matter was ' discussed ' at some
length, with the result that" th« question
was referred | to' a special committee con
sisting of Messrs. Berry, Du Bose, Carter,
Crews andfCooper, to consider the.propo-.
sition and report to the committee at a
later date.- - ¦ .--".»¦;.
; There is no telling when the committee
will- meet or when It will file its conclu
sion. It is thought the next meeting place
will be selected by to-morrow, but as there
is no definite time set for filing a report
no action may be;taken.for weeks. '¦ The
complexion of the committee as to .the
meeting place is conjectured, but not posi
tively known. ' The Minneapolis . delega
tion, however, "professes to be perfectly
satisfied > with the body as it stands.
. The matter of preparing resolutions to
be read at •. the ;three . meetings : to ; be t held
. Bishop Joyce asked if any were present
.who desired to advance the claim of any
other city, but there was no response. Dr.
Berry thereupon stated that he under
stood that Detroit was in the field, and
that the representatives of that city asked
that -the consideration of the subject be
postponed until they had an opportunity
of arguing the matter before the commit
tee." ¦ *•¦ "
"The thermal belt of Methodism In this
country, so to speak, lies I in the States
along the parallel of Ohio, Indiana, I111-.
nols, Missouri, Kansas and so on. Up
our way a sort of frigid belt is struck;
but I am nappy to. 'say that since Bishop
Joyce has . come to live ¦ with us it has
made us much warmer Methodists. Give
us the convention and we will get warm
er ' still. We will give you everything
man can desire. We love the cause and
we want to be. able to say that the In
ternational Epworth League was for
some days our honored , guests. If we
cannot do as well as San Francisco has
done, we will do as well as we can, and.
that is saying a great deal."
C. R. Ellis, ¦ also of Minneapolis, stated
that hew* advised that a new convention
hall of immense size would be erected
shortly, so that there could be no question
that the convention would be suitably
housed. ' . "."*
Detroit Not Represented.
Mitchell. .. "We have no less than ten rail
way lines to Chicago and other points.
Of all the citlesfof the North. Minne
apolis is the most centrally located, it
being midway* between the two oceans.
It is the home of Bishop Joyce, the presi
dent of the International .Epworth
League. My people are desirous that . the
next convention should be held in the
city in which the . president resides, be
fore the expiration of bis term of office.
We Methodists of the* Northwest need
the quickening impulse the coming of the
convention would inspire.
. The, principal address of the session was
that of Horace Lincoln Jacobs,: who spoke
on "House to House Visitation." He said
in part: < • ¦' ¦. ¦ t .'_... ';¦*..:- r:l» ,'x7.
: . For going from " house . to ' house, . visiting - as
, Metropolitan Temple ; was well filled
when Rev. T. C. Scott of Alyrner,- Canada,
called the assemblage to order. The song
service was led by Robert , Husband, and
the devotions 'by. R. A. Carter .of 'Atlanta.'
Several Strong Addresses, and Round
Table Conference at Metropoli
;,. tan Temple. •
DUTIES OF IiEAGTJEB.3 , '
ASE CLEARLY DEFINED
In the absence of the regularly selected
.speaker, Rev. B. D. McCreary delivered
an address on "The League Devotional
Meeting" that elicited much applause,
despite the fact that it was wholly Im
promptu; " He endeavored to impress upon
the Leaguers that spirituality is essential'
for the making 'of conversions. He de
clared that Christianity Is spiritual or It
is nothing; that its very birth was due to
a mighty - outpouring of spirit, and : that
every great movement of Christianity has
been spiritual in nature. He told of how
all the great leaders of Bibical times were
centers of spirituality, and said that John
Wesley, the founder of the Methodist de-.
nomination, was • not successful - or an
efficient minister until he became Inspired
by spirituality../ :".- , '; . , ; "
In conclusion he said that the Kpworth
League, being a" child of the Methodist
church, must become a teacher of spiritu-.
allty and that, therefore, special attention
should be paid to the spiritual- depart
ment. ¦ ¦ • ' • : ' —
Finally, put your whole soul Into the presen
tation of the lesson, and your study and prepa
ration will bear fruit.
Read the selected passages over, at" least- a
half-dozen times until the analysis of the sub
ject unfolds itself. If you want clear Ideas of
the subject ponder it well. Then take a good
topical index and find every ' passage in the
Bible on, the topic to be studied and compare
them. You will find that the comparative texts
6uggest thqughts and you will speedily prove
the Bible to be its own best commentary. Do
not touch the helps . until * you have carefully
studied the Bible itself and got out of it all
that prayer and spirit can bring. Having done
this, read everything you can get upon the sub
ject. No danger of getting too much. You must
not expect to enlighten others unless you re
ceive " light yourself. Become thoroughly ! sat
urated with the topic. You will not be able to
freely present - and discuss . the subject unless
you are perfectly familiar with It. Then study
to apply what you have learned. It will matter
little how much you know unless you are able
to apply It. -'..-.--. ¦ * . .
. The next speaker. Rev. "W. A. Barra
clough, Victoria, B...C, selected for his
Bubject "The Preparation of Leaders,"
which is one of the most interesting sub
jects In connection with league life, as
upon the shoulders of the leaders de
volves the work of maintaining interest
and devotion to the league work. In part
he said; ¦ ¦ • . * .
Take your Bible and search out the topic
proof texts and read them over on your knees',
praying the while for the enlightenment of the
Holy Spirit, the Divine Interpreter. ¦;-.••.
Preparation of Leaders.
The reading course is also to teach loyalty
to the church. It should' tell of its providen
tial , birth, wonderful ' development, and " great
place it has had In lifting: mankind up to right
eousness and civilization. It should, moreover,
teach the doctrines, discipline and polity of
the church, and thus create a love and an en
thusiasm for this great church of our fathers.
The reading course should • show us the key
to unlock the doors of God's universe, lay. bare
the secrets of earth and sky and make plain
the mysteries of life about one's pathway. The
reading course . should teach the Leaguers how
best to improve their time, employ their tal
ents and take hold of their opportunities. It
is. for the purpose of introducing one to the
great and good of all' ages. Above all else, It is
to show the Epworth Leaguer his duty to his
God. to his country, to his church, to his neigh
bor and to himself. . . . • ¦ .' .' •-••¦¦
,*g : . . .- *
tive lecture given by - Rev.; "Wellington
Frizzelle," A. M.. B. D.,~Rock Island," 111.
He presented a very clear insight into the
educational workings of the . league. 1 - In
part he said: .,¦¦•. ;! ; • •¦.;¦
The reading course of. the Epworth League Is
to help the Leaguers reach Ideal manhood and
womanhood. It Is to train young Christians
in holiness. It is to reveal to them the higher
value of- things; t<x show them ¦ how to lay
hold of God's best gifts and to make plain' to
them his holy -will. It Is to teach them of God.
to tell them of , his wonderful . love and to
point out to them the way to eternal happi
ness. The reading course is to teach the word
of God, to show the beauties and the felicities
of the scriptures, to make plain its ideals, its
prophecies ajnd predictions, and, above all, to
teach the story of the Man of. Galilee.
THE SAN FRANCISC^
14
If you do not derive prompt and satis- 1 ;
factory results from the use of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman, frlvdns a"
full statement of your case, and he win •
be pleased to give you his valuable ad- •
vice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tlia '
Hartman Sanitarium, .Columbus, Ohio. ¦ *
Read what the above ladles hive, to*
say of Peruna as a cure for these cases. ¦
Any woman wishing' to be placed on th* jj
list of Dr. Hartnxan's patients for f rea .
home treatmenfand advice should imme-
diately send name and symptoms, dura- 1
tion of disease - and treatment . already
tried. Directions for the first month's ,
treatment will be promptly mailed free of
charge. No free medicine will be supplied -
by the doctor, but all necessary directions >
will be furnished.
;--VI owe "my: health an* life to Peruna.*.
"We rarely callTln a Dhysldan, in fact, ltj
has -been years : since I" have*. taken anyi"
other medicine than yours. I ain afraid,
of drugs, and although I have been sick'
many times. I have taken only your "
medicines. They are wonderful, indeed.
"We have a very; large house and enter-
tain a great deal and I do all my own
work, thanks : tp Peruna."— Mrs. J. W.
Reynolds.
Letters from society women „ all ovef!
the United States testify to ther,*a.ct f .tha.t'j
Perana 13 the tonic for a. nm-dow?, def-j"
pleted nervous system... 7 ; .- -¦*,,
.'?Mrs. J. .TVY Reynolds, ? 'Elkton, v OhIo,V
writes: *-->'¦¦; *? -'•* "*.•-' '-'-'' ".<*• O;
If every society woman could know
the value of Peruna at such a time, if
they could realize, the invigorating,
strengthening effect that Peruna would
Her system becomes completely run
down as a conseauence. She soon finds
herself in »a condition - known as sys-
temic catarrh. This has . also been called
catarrhal nervousness.
!a woman: in v society is obliged to keep
late hours. She must attend receptions
and balls. She seldom allows herself- a
rulet evening at home. Her whole time
is taken up in keeping- engagements or
entertaining in her own home.
In Society.
MISS ESTHER G. LOWE, a prominent
¦3 young society lady "of Washington,
,Ga:, writes: *fet
|p "I [took Peruna in early spring, re-^
ceiving glorious benefits, from [same^
Behre' taking Peruna I. suffered with
catarrh, always felt tired and had a.
dull headache. 'A' friend of mine]
told me of Peruna. I . began taking,
it at once^ gaining each day. I now
feel as well as I ever did in all my
life. I advise all my suffering friends
to give' Peruna a fair trial." — Esther
G. Lowe.
For the cure of all disorders of tha Stomach
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, . Bladder, Female • lr»
regularities. < Sick Headache. Blllousn&sa, Con-
Btipation. Piles and all derangements of tha
. Internal .Vlacera. 25c a box. At Druggists or
by malL . , RADWAY & CO.; New Tor*.
flaciway's
1 Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. .. .-.«
It I Is commonly marked by bunches In
the neck, inflammations in the eyes, dys-
pepsia, catarrh, and general debility. '
•. It j Is always radically, and permanently
cured by ,*-•' • '-'¦'' . _ V ¦ . .
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which' expels all humors, cures all, erup-
'] tlons,,- and ¦ builds up the ;; whole system,
whether young or old. . ¦; '[ •} . „ \ ,
¦ Hood's Pilla care liver flU : the non-irritating and
_only cathartic to take- with Hood's Sarsmpartlla.
What havoc 1 , . •:._¦¦ - .-.;
• Scrofula, let alone, is capable of all that,
andmore. ' ' - V. :
Disfigured Skin
Wasted muscles and decaying bones.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOMEN WI VE5
Break Down in Summer— Pe-ru-na Acts
¦ as a Tonic to the Deranged
Nervous System.
jf^ - Gut ixates on.
Jr clr\xgs, mediein^s, ete%
/ for Epwo rth Le aguers^,
II The big 'cut-rate drug store of California is making special cuts on %
jot useful things for this week. We cut prices on everything, but always up- m
Jf hold auality. These special prices good until Saturday night, July; 27^ Im
|f Telephone orders delivered; South 3 56. Open day and night; 11 2 8 Market, n
n Mermen's Talcum Powder 2 for -2 Carter's Litfle Liver Pills kg 1 ;.
fj Regular 45c. eaeb Staple the world over at 25c. . ' ¦'--•¦.; ' ¦
I Coke's Dandruff Cure j$c Phenacetine f Zi^ a ot a dozen 20c t\ ,"
!g Some drnggist* charge 85c, others charge $1. , A earing of 5c. ' ¦ . •' ¦. ' ' /.'
j| Pear's Soap i oc . . Antikamnia **£&£' a dozen 20c : --i ¦"
|tt Regular price *5c. 25c is the regular price. ". ... % v : . .
U Packer's Tar Soap 15c Nelson's Foot Comfort -ire ' vf| :^i-
\1 Regular price 45c. " Regular *5c. boxes. ¦ • , ; '.
u, . Cuticura Soap i^c Epsom Salts— a lb. "Cc il
«\ Most irnggists charge 15c. 10c. is th« usual price for 1 lb packages ,y . - ¦ / /
a^ Tincture of Arnica i^c Beeman's Chewing Gum 2 for cd - -jf ¦&•¦'*
m a^ um 20C Witch Hazel: . a pint 20c ¦ nil :
Krg[uiar 15c* size* . ¦ Sells crcrywiicrc for 2Cc* * //§// * " » : '
Listerine 6^c Tooth Brushes r ice /if/
\^!$Sl Regular price $i. Any asc brosh in the store. • .. {/// -
% Florida Water 3^c Hood's Tooth Powder 1 V m/ •
Regular 4Jc. Advertised everywhere at 25c. . ' , Jgff/ '¦ '"••'
|{r 1126 Market Street ||'
/w/ «t -' n Fran ci sc o **. V " . • " • ¦
////Jf -... . r llA .A , ' • / ; -
I Liu B*l *^ o dTX. *~k £ii i &*^ \\k&!\ -
fig /fj mil Q^,ffw' *yy r^m M £/l V f I aR/QLJr^^ x\\\\\v«\ ¦¦ ¦ , , ¦ '•¦-•;•%•--¦
t^; ¦ l " i '^"""?gjl 26 inches
I>. Get an estimate from U3 on
everything required to furnish
your entire establishment.
Credit and free delivery within
100 miles. We close at six, ex-
ccpt on Saturday.
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Sauara.The mee'ting was fittingly opened with
prayer, after which Messrs. Kirby and
Turk of Toronto. Canada, rendered sev
eral duet*. They also acted as leaders
of the psalm singing: in -which the as
semblage joined. Besides the business
men more than 100 leaguers in their white
caps were present and added a pic
turesque tinge to the ceremony.
Secretary Du Bose selected for ¦ hfe
theme "Christian "Religion as.aUfe," and
described how man might practice and
live up to the precept of a pure religion
Both In point of attendance and In en
thusiasm and zeal displayed, the prayep.
meeting which was held yesterday at noon
by the Epworth Leaguers under the shade
of the gigantic palm tree in the court
yard of the Palace Hotel .excelled the
gathering which took place on the pre
ceding day. The meeting, whica was spe-
Courtyard for' Benefit of Mer
chants.
Services Are Held in Palace Hotel
r.USY MEN OF TBADE
HEAH THE WOBD OF GOD
the present convention, and the leaders
¦were greatly encouraged by it.
' , ¦ . .--¦.•¦ • ¦ . ?
FROMINENT SPEAKERS WHO
TOOK PART IN .THE EPWORTH
LEAGUE EXERCISES. '.
Dr. Buckley concluded. his remarks with
prayer. He used many quaint and amus
ing anecdotes to illustrate his points.
Rev. John H. Coleman of Troy, N. Y.,
closed the meeting with benediction. >•
' Harry Morton of San Jose, the chair
man of the meeting; I. E. Blake, musical
director, and Rev. T. Alonzo Monk, D. D.,
of Knoxville, Tenn., the speaker, were on
time promptly at the stand on the avenue,
between Hayes and Fell streets, but no
audience or singers put in an appearence.
v I want to call your attention to some common
points of belief of all people. - The Jew. the
Catholic and the Protestant all believe in the
same God. Go Into any of their churches and
ask them of their God and they will tell you
the same. I talked to a Catholic priest an hour
and a quarter on points on which we agreed be
fore, we disagreed. .
Some say that the Christians are all divided.
So is our country on the eve of our elections.-
Afterward they are all patriots. So will these
Christians be hereafter.
I want you all to get some kind of a good
rellRion. I don't care whetheryou are a Meth
odist or not, if you are saved. I spend my time
getting men converted and then theyj can join
any church they want to.
A wind from the ocean, cold enough to
make walking more comfortable, was not
conducive to a big outdoor audience on
Van Ness- avenue yesterday at the noon
meeting. However, a goodly audience
gathered between McAllister street and
Golden Gate avenue to hear Rev. Mr.
Buckley. J. J. Morris led the congrega
tional singing, which was heartily joined
in by those present. •
Rev L. J. Norton of Napa presided and
Rev Mr. Scale of Seattle led in prayer,
asking God's blessing upon the residents
of the avenue, the police detailed for duty
and the convention work.
Dr. Buckley spoke from the steps of the
residence of Mrs. L. Jonas at 517 Van
Ness avenue instead of from the platform
on the sidewalk in front of the house. He
said in part:
in Van Ness Avenue Is Well
Attended. i
Despite Chilling Fog Noon Meeting
DR. BTJCTKLEY SPEAKS
TO STEEET GATHERING
without pecuniary loss. He exhorted his
hearers to be guided in- their business
transactions by morality and justice, and
he prcpiised them that in so doing they
would be rewarded with treasure of a
more permanent nature than the vain
transitory goods of this world.
The meeting was brought to an appro
priate conclusion by prayer and the sing
ing of a sacred song by the Leaguers, as
sisted by the business men, many or
whom j&ined with a will.
FRUITFUL SESSIONS,
Continued - From* Page Fourteen.
It's as difficult for a. man to keep a
diary as it is for a -woman to keep a
point on a pencil.
' • The success of the local league depends al
most entirely upon the work of the cabinet.
believe thia to be literally and universally
true. ' If our leagues nre in any place ineffective
and demoralized it is, almost without except
tion, the fault of the cabinet. The cabinet* is
the president's throne and right arm of power.
The wise president will use it constantly and
•wisely. He will call out the advice of every
department head. He will consult the pastor
on every vital point. He will submit every
plan of importance to the /Wisdom of the cabi
net. He will wisely seek to control the cabinet,
for he U the president. With a wise president
the cabinet meeting will not be dry. in detail
and perfunctory in Us deliberations, but will
be intensely interesting in the considerations
of new i<lans. i -
Several speakers who were to- deliver
addresses failing to appear, the discussion
became general, and many of those pres
ent took part in the debate. The meeting
closed with v benediction -pronounced by
Rev. Mr. Nye.
Every other department of ,the league work
has been treated with prodigal . fullness in our
league publications, but the cabinet meeting
has been seemingly neglected. I have searched
through papers, . books and reports concerning
the cabinet meeting. • And yet no department
of the league offers more opportunities for ef
fective result upon the whole league life than
this one." The President of the United States
convenes his Cabinet dally and considers the
advice and suggestions there received as abso
lutely essential *to th» wise conduct of the af
fairs of state. No less will the wise Epworth
League president ¦ consider the work of the
Epworth League It Is absolutely es
sential to the wlEe and harmonious working
of the departments. If neglected, the league
is In danger of becoming, a. "one man" organi
zation; or of running oft t6 one line of Christian
service to the neglect of. others; or. of getting
Into ruts and never discovering 'that it Is in
them. Hence the necessity and utility of the
cabinet • meetinr.
Rev. Charles Lyman Nye of Crestori,
la., next spoke on the theme, "The Cab
inet Meeting." He said in substance: '
Meeting of Cabinets.
The secretary should be an earnest, conse
crated, faithful Christian; should possess all
the special qualifications needed for other de
partments, and, in addition, be a good letter
writer, have exacting habits of promptness, be
Intensely Interested in the league and welfare
of those about him, and should be able to train'
others to do the work. The secretary has th*>
opportunity to do more' than any other officer
to make the lpague a power in building up
Christian character among those coming within
Its influence.
The prevailing Idea that any one' will do for
secretary is a lamentable mistake. If there
were only one office for which the league could
find a perfect fit, it should be hoped that such
a fit could be found for the office of secretary.
service was conducted. by W. C. Stadtfeld,
and the devotions , by the Rev. ,S. H. C.
Burgln of Butte, Mont.'
The opening address was by the Rev.
"W. P. Lloyd of Louisville, Ky.. who spoke
on the subject, "The President." He argued
that the presidents of league chapters
should be animated by Christian zeal In
the performance of their duties, and that
their example for members should be of
that character which inspires emulation,
respect and confidence.
George E. Dougherty of Topeka, Kans.,
delivered an interesting address on the
subject of "The Chapter Secretary." He
said in part:
There was ,a' largely attended confer
ence of chapters' officers at the | Central
Methodist Church yesterday morning.
Every- -Phase of league work was ¦ dis
cussed, p» and con, . the; result being, a
highly ; interesting session.
E. M. Wheeler, treasurer of a chapter at
Providence, vR.,. L. presided. The , song
Charter Conference.
A round table conference occupied the
attention of the leaguers for two hours,
various topics of interest to Christian
workers being discusled by speakers In
all parts of the house. The session was a
highly Interesting one.
should antedate the problem, "an ounce of
prevention is worth a pound of cure." The
facts demand better parents and homes; com
pulsory education with ethical training: that
the children be taught. to work; the total de
struction of the drink curse; and for new of
fenders apartments separate from the vicious
and the bastmaster in crime.
For the criminal no treatment is adequate
or Christian which does, not contemplate his
reformation. ' Make him a new man. That will
suppress crime and protect society. That is
Christian.' Nothing less will do. But how?
Treat him as \ a brother. Appeal to his honor.
Quicken his moral sense. Avoid any punish
ment which incites revenge or lower manhood.
Reward him for well-doing and demerit- him
for wrong-doing. Let the sentence be Indeter
minate in order to insure time for reform and
to release him when -practicable. Teach -his
fingers skill in the industrial arts. Work saves.
Pay him tor his toll. To have, strengthens
manhood. Cultivate his mental powers. Equip
him with might to conquer. , Lay hold on him
by love L3«d him to Christ. Fortify him
against the ' evil day by enriching . mind .< and
heart with Christian literature. Care for him
at the outer gate. The world is suspicious and
sometimes cold. Show him kindness. Be his
patron. Hold him up. Great will be your re
ward in heaven. 'r.:,^-.-.; ;""?;{' .•;-...: *-* ;
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALIi, : SUNDAY, JULY 21, ; 1^01.
LEAGUE DELEGATES PARTICIPATE IN EXERCISES
THAT STIMULATE AND MAKE THE SpUL TO GROW
OPEN-AM MEETINGS,
Coatinued Prom Page Thirteen.
Deeplte the fact that the meeting had
been very little advertised, it proved to
be one of the most successful held during
more of the savins of their souls than of
money-getting. H« pointed out the true
way to a Christian life, which he declared
¦would bring happiness to man. He ex
horted h!s hearers to look above the petty
things of this world and live nobler lives
In order that they mlsrht in the end be
admitted to the kingdom of God Almighty.
cially for business men, who could not
neglect their work to attend the conven
tion, was conducted by H.- M. Du Bose,
general secretary of the Epworth League.
Secretary Du Bose, who is a very force
ful speaker, addressed the assemblage in
a plain, business manner, as one man of
business speaks to another.
15
visit DR. JORDAN'S great/)
fomtm of mmm
9 Q^ ' 1031^22STST.t9t.6:iS7ti,S.?.Cil. A
\ Of The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
ff j^- Wnri.i Weaknesses or any contracted Q
V- £2l3u efcsease positi»rly cared by the oldest Y
0 fg gl bpscnliston the Cusl Est. 36 years. ©
A flf|gf S DR- JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN 6
\ »(§]35^B Consultation free and strictly private. \
¦ & I JWTSt D TreaImenl personally or by letter. A A
V I Hr 1ft m ¦ Potitive Cure in every case undertaken. T
i|i| |£| Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY or A
* ' (I ll~ VAnBIAGE, MAILED FREE, CA ¥
/\ it 'll' valuable book for men) \
f DR. JORDAN A CO., 1031 Market St.,S. P. f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
San Francisco, Cal.
204, 206 and 208 SANSOME STREET,
General Managers,
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Total Expenditures $1,307,963 ft*
CARL HOFF, Vice President.
P. DUMCKE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 13Ux
day of April. 1901.
RICHARD GUENTHER, Consul General.
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses $701,963 30>
Dividends to Stockholders 81,250 OU
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 385,574 0?
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 84,900 OS
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ..; 6.2?5 23
AH other payments and expenditures 47.9SS 93
\ . . -. ¦ • ¦;. .-*..--
Total Income $1,435,632 23
Total Liabilities ~..»1.771.1« 75
INCOME. — — — —
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums • $1,431,731 39
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 43.635 38
Received for transfer fees \ 214 5»
AH other Liabilities 806,19« 01
Total Assets , S2.5S1.324 63
LIABILITIES. '"
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense h J2S1.70S 89
Losses resisted, including ex- F
penses --, !
Gross premiums on Marine and ;
Inland Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent ¦ 62,372 23
Gross premjums on Marine Time
Risks, $-=- : reinsurance 50 per '
cent J'
Liability under other Branches 597,762 60
Pension fund : 23.105 03
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF FRANKFORT-ON-THE-1IAIN, GEH-
many, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
19C0, and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 <jf the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash :... $312,500 00
ASSETS. ____
Real Estate owned by Company 1237,633 13
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 83S.&8 09
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 651,155 13
Cash in Company's Offlce 8,126 19
Cash In Banks 272.088 91
Due from Agents and from other
Insurance Companies 567,553 78
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks ;. 8,340 S3
Frankfort Marine
Accident
And Plate Glass
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
STATEMENT
LR.HALL'SREINVIG0RAT0R|fT5^
Five hundred reward for any |^*E§3
case we cannot cure. This secret H*" T'Q
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours, H
cures Emissions. Impotency, Vari- f^'-H ESgi
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet, Fits, |7JP| FfifTI
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all UjUl yitHL
wastl.ig effects of self-abuse or P8fl_x5CS|
excesses.- Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 VWftm£~irfil
beetles $5; guaranteed to cure »ny case. -*a-.-
dritfa HAXI/S- MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. -85*
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073^
Market st.; S.F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Bend for free book: • . " ' ¦ --•- ¦
BAJA CALIFORNIA
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agenti,
323 Market at. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
" The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Us own merits.
General Man a £ers.
204, 206, 208 SANSOME STREET,
Saii Franciitco, Cal.
VOSS; CONRAD & CO.,
F. G. VOSS, Vice President.
. , . J. M. SMITH, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
day of January, 1901.
• ' ¦ ~ . EDWIN F. COREY. '
Commissioner for California. In New York.
OP NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF, NEW
York.' on the 31st • day of December. A. D."
1900 and for the year ending' on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. c^prrAL.
A^ 01^h° f ... C^^ a L S •°? k :..^! d ..! 1 .!. 5300.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks, and
Bonds owned by Company $39. .024 39
Cash in Banks - 49.37128
Interest' due and accrued, on all
Stocks and Loans 4,923 33
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion •¦ — 87.332 22
Total Assets »488.65l 22
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense *l?li? li
Losses resisted, including. expenses.. 36,300 00
Gros3 premiums on Ri6ks • running
one year, or less, $ : reinsur-
. ance 50 per. cent - 110,637 68
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, | ; rein-
' surance pro rata ••• lo.stw 03
Total Liabilities $179.077 50
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums — yy/v:"":- ? 228 ' ( " 9o
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources..... 9.900 00
Received from all other sources 15,867 06
Total Income ......; $254.567 51
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (includ- *
j n » « , losses of previous years) $59,075 92
Paid or allowed for Commission or m
Brokerage .¦.....'.... •••- 63,543 76
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 5,420 CO
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • * 1^- <<>
All other payments and expenditures 54,519 66
. Total Expenditures $207,013 74
INSURANCE COMPANY
Frankfort American
OP : THE- —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— -OF THE
STATEMENT
DDTICUI7O FOR BAKBER3. BAK-
Jj K II O HI XL & ere. bootblacks, bath-
**** ** »^****«^ bouses, billiard tables* ¦
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoo factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta, ,;
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacrament© St.
THE WEEKLY CALL.
1 V per Y^ ar *
Free. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser ¦ is sent free on receipt of
stamps to pay expense '-, of mailing only;
Send 31 one-cent stamps for the book in
cloth binding,' or 21 one-cent stamps for
paper covered. Address Dr, R. V t Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y. . ,
•• -¦*:¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ . :¦: : i . ; >'-'-' ¦ ' N~
«I am so thankful for what Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription has done for me," writes
Mrs. John T. Smith, of Slocan, British Columbia
(Box 50). "It helped me through the long
months of pregnancy and I have a big, strong
baby girl, the most healthy of all my three, ana
it cured me of a disease which was tailing away
all my strength." *O '-:'-. -; '¦ . . -
- Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce, by letter, free. Correspondence
confidential. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo, N. Y. *
There is no alcohol in "Favorite Pre-
scription;" it contains neither opium, co-
caine, nor any other narcotic. It is a
purely vegetable and perfectly harmless
medicine in any condition of the female
system. '' '
Accept no substitute for "Favorite Pre-
ecription." "There is nothing: "just as good*
for woman's ills. • ¦. , "^ *
That is the heartfelt cry of ' many a
mother who sees her beloved child wast-
ing and fading day by day. ' Sometimes it's
too late for medical aid to help the child.
" It is so weak, so
fSJJSSJfflJ ytf$tf&fc''t r $$gi lacking in stamina
'" *fH ¦ P^ erce ! s Favorite
B5??r^';'(\ifj.:t •¦' .•"V"^^j ceeding maternity
ffJL' L" was neve T a^* to
¦jWkx*" f • v« raise a child before
IsW"W-Vs=2? '^f "i tisip?" Favorite Pre-
wt*£*>^0L/5b ) I scription," or "All
¦ <**V^^^5^ I my other children
this one, and I took
your 'Favorite Prescription ' this time."
AH the child's strength comes from the
mother. " Favorite Prescription " gives the
mother strength to give her child.
"$$W file CBSMI"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[^^rj^t^an's^ Furniture 1
I '«"'"v rt 1 ) ¦ \% I
I i •*¦'' Ci!'i . II. '— •*». 1
1 T3 i rv Dignified Leather Couches for office I
H "^"^ or library Dainty damask and silk |
I velour covered couches. New designs that are as |
I attractive to the artistic eye as they are to the weary |
gj body. This velour upholstered roccoco couch is |
I one you will want at the price $8-75- H
H A great yarety of other good couches from $15 to $25. II
I So' Particular I
I Department that he wont show broken lines; so he g
1 . says selT these curtains, in Renaissance and Batten- S
I berg effects and Point de Calais, without regard to^ I
B what they cost — 3-°° pairs for 1.75. 1
1 4.00 pairs for 2.50. 4.50 pairs for 2.75. 1
I 5.00 pairs for 3.50. 1 0.00 pairs* for 7.00. H
I 11.00 pairs for 8.50. 15-°° pairs for 8.50. 1
The Only Way -/:,?:
B Carpet Department needs for new arrivals is to tell I
I you of these prices on Tapestry Brussels Carpets : |
I 3 patterns; regularly 75 cents; now 60 C. a yard, g
\ 4 patterns; regularly 85 cents; now 70 C. a yard. |
\ 5 patterns; regularly $[.00 yd now 85 C. a yard. |j
a 8 patterns Smith's Axminstcr 1.15 now 95 C. a 'yard. |
: Room* Measured, Carpets Sewed, Laid and Lined at above prices £§
i N r . in S. F., Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley S
: 1' *¦ " The Credit House." Six Stories High.
| 2 2 . II I «Mib00qsftlarkfdinPbinrt d ufc5^ Private Exchaagt |
¦* Post otrcct Tjy"*"**™ 8 *^^"* - "*" " " i iirtr- LB * j T j>:gg^*^^ 3 7 S3
¦¦-.."¦:¦• ¦. - . . . \
:¦,;¦; y;\ \
1 and aSi who ar 1 ©
1 obliged to eat irpees^ /^fe/t^S^i
1 Early and put &sp / | X 5^^'^!
I all sorts of f©Gsi ? / \ ' -
I cooked in all ss^ts j Jf if^Hl
§ of ways, can keep / J i'(|l|
§ perfect digestion by j #j ' $H||
I the regular use of . •.; WiW . i-'illll
I A LAW. IIMT© HSiiSELF* ||j| W§
E Every Elian Must Be That to Retain Kis £^K I
p Health and Digestion. >Siir 1
fe^ There are thousands cf people In this world -who eat no meat . E%%p2^M§r s %
mm from one year's end to another, and certain savage tribes In Af- , iJ
P rlca and Poljnasla are almost exclusively meat eaters; but becauso j t directly Interested me; and at the next town I Id. If§
PS while there are thousands of these, there are millions who live qu , red at the flrst drug store bought a package for fifty §|
gg? upon a mixed diet of meat, vegetables and grains and If num- cents> aad fromthat day to t hl3 I have never been without 133
Ca ben Is a criterion It would se«m that a mixed diet Is the best them They are p i easant x^Wa.% tablets, not a secret patent Wi
Bfl iot tbe human family. • medicine but composed of vegetable essences, pure pepsin, OM
|O The fact that yon will find many vegetarians who appear fruU saUg Golden Seal; being In tablet form they never lose jpS
R3 healthy and vigorous and many meat eaters equally so, and any the , r qqC qualltles llke a llqul(1 rae diclne would, but are always Kgl
EH number of robust specimens who eat both meat and vegetables f resh an(J ready for use wm
IS and anything else that comes their way all goes to show that ««i carry a box In my pocket continually, and whenever I §§]
|fg the old saw Is the true one. that every man must be a law to ge{J any nyiDVtom , ot indigestion I take one, also one after each WM
WOk himself as to what ho shall eat and drink. mea , and {or a and a half j haTe not lost a day Dy rea9On EH
HI To repair the waste of tlssuo In brain workers as wfll as to of poor health caa eat anythlDg and relish what I eat; my ||
Wm replace the muscle and slaew of the laborer, can only be done digestion Is absolutely perfect as far as I can judge from my ||]
£** through the process of digestion. fe-llngs and although there may be other stomach medicines pfj
¦£ Every nerve, muscle, slneTr. every dropof blood is extracted just flg good as stuart - 9 Dyspepsia Tablets, I do not know what gig
ISI from the food tre eat and digest. they are. Certainly for people who travel they are far ahead of ESS
b3 In these days of hustle and worry, and artificial habits of any 1Iquid me< j lclaet as they are 80 convenient, they can be Eg]
m life, ecarcely one person to a thousand can lay claim to a per carried to the pocket and wneneTer needed." • |§
Eg feet digestion; dyspepsia Is a national affliction and Stuart s The Rey F j % nlgWy esteeme d minister residing in §«
O Dyspepsia Tablets a national blessing. Weedsport, Cayuga Co., N. Y., In a recent letter writes as fol- §31
Bf Most cases of poor digestion aro caused by failure of the lows . » Tnere na8 neTer been anything that I have taken that R|
Kgl ttomaca to secrete sufficient gastric Juice, or too little Hydro- has reUeved tne dyspepsia from which I have suffered for ten §£1
WS chloric acid and lack of peptones and all of these important es- year9 excepttbe new rein edy. caUed Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. v H|
Bra tentlals to perfect digestion are found la Stuart's Dyspepsia since takmg them I have had no distress at all after eating ¥&
Tablets In convenient palatable form. y. i. and a?|aln after long yearg CAK SLEEP WEhU BeT . r. I. Bell, Hg
Sil One or two of these tablets taken after meals Insure perfect . Weedsport, N. Y., formerly Idalla, Colo." Ra
fed Cigestion and assimilation of the food. . Mr. Judson A. Stanlon, the great Church and Sunday ISjj
Wa Cathartic pills and laxative medicines have no effect what- School worker and president Christian Endeavor Union, E|]
IvS ever In digesting food and to call such remedies a cure for St. Louis, Mo., says: "I have had to be extremely careful what PH
psl dyspepsia Is far fetched and absurd. I ate.. Many things were Indigestible, and after a hearty dinner ./ wem
§Ea Etuart's Dyspepsia Tableti contain pepsin free from animal I could scarcely keep awake... I never have been sick In bed, Bi9
Wi matter, diastase and other digestives, and not only digest all but have had a great deal of inconvenience from indigestion. E9
UH wholesome food but tend to increase the flow of gastric juices Since I learned of the merits of Stuart's Tablets I keep them in ni
KM typiving the -weak stomach a much needed rest bring about my desk or carry them In my poeket, and find that I can eat M
ill a healthy condition of the digestive organs and a normal 'ap- anything at all without discomfort. They were recommended R
sM petite. ; -' > v to me by a friend who is enthusiastic in their praise. I cannot |||
Mr. B. W. Wiacherdon, a commercial traveler from Blrm- afford to be drowsy after lunch, and find these tablets Just the Kgl
|=§i lEgham, whose busiaes! keeps him almost constantly on tho thing to assist digestion and keep all my faculties wide awake." ESS
fga road, relates In the Sunday News the dangers to health result- Mr. N. J.. Booher, Chicago, 111., writes: "Catarrh it a local M
tga ijj- from constant change of residence aad the way he over- condition resulting from a neglected cold in the head, whereby gfij
jssg came the usual Injurious effects. the lining: membrane of the nose becomes Inflamed and the H&
\% He says: "One thins people traveling cannot very wen avoid poisonous discbarge therefrom passing backward into the K|
lO is the constant change In water and food; the stomach never throat reaches thie stomach, thus producing catarrh of the sto'm- wSk
K: has an opportunity to become accustomed to anything and in a ach. Medical authorities prescribed for me for three years for |§H
£* few years or rauch* sooner the average traveling man becomes catarrh of stomach without cure, but to-day I am the happiest ||j|
S| a hopeless dyspeptic. of men after using only one box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. |1|
SH "For several years I suffered more or less from Indigestion, I cannot find appropriate words to express my good feeling. H
isl sour stomach, headaches, distaste for food, often no appetite, I have found flesh, appetite and sound rest from their use." |||
(si gas on the stomach and the usual cnpleasant effects of lmper- Nervous, thin-blooded, run-down people should bear In Eg
frk feet digestion.' . m!nd that drugs and stimulanti cannot furnish good blood, ra
kH "Nearly every traveling man has Ills favorite remedy for dlf- . strong muscles and steady nerves; these come only from whole- ra
BJM ferent troubles and I tried aU of them with Indifferent results. some food, thoroughly digested; a fifty cent box of Stuart's Km
B53 Finally on the train between Plttsburg and Philadelphia one Tablets taken aKex meals for a few weeks will do you more |§
Illl day, I overtieard a conversation between two ladles, one of real good than drugs, stimulants and dieting combined," Ma
B$| whom had suffered severely from Indigestion and stated she Stuart's DyspepsU Tablets Is probably the safest, most pop- El
t^a had been completely cured by a remedy which ihe called alar and successful digestive on the market and sold by druggists -ill
£§§ Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets; I remembered the conversation everywhere in the United States, Canada and Great Britain. 68Mr. Grant was a native ,of Ontario,
Canada, and was 57 years of age. He was
at the time of his death receiver of the
California and Nevada Railroad, a short
line running out of Oakland. His estate
will aggregate several hundred thousand
dollars in value, the bulk, of It being in
large holdings In Albuquerque, N. Mex.,
}n which city Mr. Grant was the largest
individual property owner. Among his Al
buquerque holdings were the water, gas
and electric lighting companies, and the
opera-house. ... ,
Mr. Grant was a member of the Knights
Templar Commandery of Albuquerque,
under whose auspices the body will be in
terred next Tuesday.
Grant Brothers constructed nearly the
whole of the Atlantic and Pacific now
the Santa Fe Pacific Railroad, and the
firm has been for years the most exten
sive railroad contractors west of the Mis
souri River. It graded the San Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley road from Stock
ton to Bakersfleld. Its most recent work
.was the construction of the Southern Pa
cific Company's coast line, the Chatsworth
Park cut-off with the big tunnel attach
ment being also in the Grant Bros.' hands.
LOS ANGELES, July 20.— Angus A.
Grant, a member of the .firm of Grant
Bros., who have for years been leading
railroad contractors of . the county, died
unexpectedly at the - residence of his
brother, Loula A. Grant, this morning of
heart disease, brought on by a complica
tion of ailments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Well Known as Builder of
Transportation Lines,
' in the "West.
Heart Disease Carries
Off the Railroad
Contractor.
ANGUS A. GRANT
DIES SUDDENLY
Death Ends Actress' Career.
NEW YORK, July - 20.— Miss Lillian
Green, who was taken ill two weeks ago
in Chicago while playing the leading role
in the comic opera "King Dodo," died to
night. • '. ' ' ¦•
LOS AJJGEL.ES, July 20.— A prohlstorio
city of immense proportions is said to
hav© just been unearthed on the Navajo
Indian Reservation between Durango.
Colo., and Farmington, N. M., the par
ticulars of the find having been reported
to the land department of the Santa Fa
system in this city.
Tho Hyde Mercantile Company, which
Is controlled by two brothers from New
England, has been exploring iha territory
in question for tome time, and a snort
time ago fonnd a palace 01 prehistoric
age. containing, it is said, about 1000 sep
arate apartments, some of them in an ex
cellent state of preservation. Another
stone castle contained 100 separate apart
ments.
In some of th© rooms inspected. wer»
found the finest of woods end other relics
of a valuable character, specimens of
which have been gathered and sent fb tne
Smithsonian Institution in "Washington.
The find is said to be exceptionally valu
able from a scientific and ethnological
standpoint, and the Government baa
ordered experts to proceed to the scens
and make a detailed report of the real
value and extent of the newly discovered
treasures, which are believed to antedate
the time of the Aztec occupation of the
country ages ago.
Special Dispatch to The CaiL
Explorers Find Palaces Ante
dating the Time of
Aztec Occupancy.
Prehistoric City Is Dis
covered on Navajo
Reservation.
ANCIENT ABODE
OF A LOST RACE
WOODLAND. July 20.-One of the so
ciety surprises of the season is the an
nouncement of the engagement of Irving
McAdams Needham and Miss Elizabeth
Stephens of Esparto. They will be mar
ried at the residence of the bride's par
ents, near Esparto, on July 22. Mr. Need
ham, who is principal of the Esparto
High School, has been offered a position
as teacher in the Philippines by the Gov
ernment and will accept.
Announce Their Engagement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WINTERS, July 20.— "Winters was vis
ited by a $100,000 fire to-nigrhL The prin
cipal losers are: The Winters Dried Fruit
Company, $40,000, fully Insured; S. B.
Chandler, lumber yard, $15,000, insurance
$6000; -the California Prune Association,
$6000. fully insured; the Granger Ware
house Association, $15,000. partly insured;
' Henry Traner, $2000; a number of email
outbuildings. $6000; three cars loaded with
grain, belonging to Mr. McNeill.
The Winters Dried Fruit Company lost
«ight buildings, together with 110 tons of
dried apricots and 300 tons of dried
prunes. The Fire Department was unable
to cope with the blaze owing to a lack
of water. The total loss caused by the
lire is co\*ered by $50,000 insurance.
The fire originated in the warehouse of
the Winters Dried -Fruit Company. The
cause has not yet been ascertained.
Property Worth One
Hundred Thousand
Dollars Lost.
CONFLAGRATION
VISITS WINTERS
¦ LONDON. July 20.— A dispatch from
Rome says a man named Narcesso Mictti
has been arrested, charged with being
concerned in an anarchist plot to k!ll
Kin? Victor Emmanuel. He was betrayed
by a letter .to his. sweetheart breaking off
their engagement of marriage on the
score that he' had -received an order to
kill the King from a society of which he
was a member. .-. . • - ¦ - ¦¦ t ¦ ¦¦¦
Plots to Kill the King.
EL RENO, O.: T., July 2O.-Many men
have boasted that they succeeded in! reg
istering for claims in the Kiowa-Comanche
country at the registration now in pro
gress here at the six booths in El Reno
thinking that they would draw at least
'one number with so many chances Com
missioner Richards stated to-day that the
identification card of each person drawing
a lucky number will be traced, and if the
person has registered more than once he
will be compelled to surrender- his home
stead. Among the thousands who regis
tered here to-day were Delegate Dennis
T. Flynn and his daughter; Judge John H.
Burford, Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of Oklahoma, and Jerry Simpson
ex-Corigressman from Kansas.
Jerry Simpson on the List.
Tolstoi's Health Is Improved.
TULA, European RussiarJuly^O.^Count
Leo Tolstoi, Who has been.' critically, ill, is
now out of danger and convalescent. 1 - ,- •< •¦
Two Men Killed, One Wounded and
Seventeen. Are Thought to Be
'*-' ¦. Prisoners. . ¦
LONDON, July 20.— The casualty lists
received ¦to-night' at the War Office Indi
cate that a party %ot South Africa Con
stabulary was : amb.ush.ed • near • Petrus
burg July 16, that, two members of "the
party were killed, one was dangerously
wounded and seventeen are missing and
are believed to have been taken 'prisoners
by. the Boers. : : : -.¦;¦: ¦¦¦:*. &¦'¦¦¦-¦¦¦¦
ACTIVE BOEBS AMBUSH
PABTY OF CONSTABTTLABY
District Attorney Campbell made the
closing argument to the jury this fore
noon. After the charge by Judge Lorigan
the case was given to the jury. It at once
went to dinner and at 1:40 o'clock re
turned to deliberate. Thirty-five minutes
later it had agreed upon a verdict of mur
der in the first degree-, which carries the
death penalty. ¦
Judge Lorigan set Friday, August 1 2, as
the time for the pronouncing of sentence.
Several of the witnesses for the defense
at- this trial and the former one will be
charged with perjury. One of the wit
nesses at the first trial, A. Vldetettl, has
already disappeared. ,. ¦ ....
The trial that ended to-day began last
Monday. It was sensational and hard
fought, Senator Oneal alone appearing for
the Chinese. ... . .
The first trial before Judge Lorigan, in
the face of the most positive evidence,
resulted In a disagreement. This so
aroused the court that he. ordered a. new
trial within a week and appointed the
Coroner an elisor to summon a special
venire of talesmen. After the first trial
intimations of perjury were made against
some of the witnesses and one of the
jurors. Such scandal attached to the
trial that three of the attorneys employed
for the defense withdrew.
SAN JOSE, July 20.— It took a fair and
impartial jury In Judge Lorigan's court
just thirty-five minutes to-day to convict
Lee Look of the murder of Lee Wing.
A verdict of murder in the first % degree
was returned. This ended San Jose's most
notorious Chinese murder case, and one
which has been replete with charges of
corruption and bribery. From the time
of the murder of Lee Wing, when Lee
Look was caught redhanded in the act,
money has been plentifully supplied to
protect the assassin. When the Grand
Jury refused to indict the highbinder Dis
trict Attorney Campbell took the matter
to the Superior Court. There a complaint
was worn to and the preliminary examin
ation held before Judge Rhodes, who held
the defendant to answer for the crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Second Trial Ends in
Conviction of the
Highbinder.
DEATH PENALTY
FOR LEE LOOK
Banker Kernaghan reached here and a
conference was held last night.. Young
Kernaghan slipped out the back- door of
his residence and has not been seen since
The police were Immediately notified and
a- description of the missing man was sent
broadcast over the country.
Kernaghan Is 23 years old. *He Is 6 feet
3 inches tall, slender, with light hair and
blue eyes. He Is a good dresser and when
last seen wore a blue serge* • coat and
waistcoat and light gray trousers. >He is
a cood talker.
The local officials of the telephone com
pany refuse to divulge the amount of
Kernaghan's shortage. It is known, how
ever, that he was Intrusted with the
handling of large sums of money. He
had been in the employ of the company
more than four years. He was cashier
for three years.
SEATTLE, July 2O.-In spite of the fact
that two- detectives were shadowing him
during the night and one in the daytime,
W. Howard Kernaghan, erstwhile cashier
of the local office of the Pacific States
Telephone Company, escaped from his
residence last night and is now a fugitive
from justice. The telephone company has
asked the police to find the cashier, whose
shortage is estimated at between $3000 and
$5000. A reward will be offered for Ker
naghan's capture.
Late in June Kernaghan married a
young girl of Everett. On June 29 he sud
denly left the city, and it was discovered
almost immediately afterward- that he
was short in his accounts. The case waa
placed in the hands of a Seattle detec
tive, who shadowed Mrs. Kernaghan. The
detective boarded a train with her on
July 1 and learned that she was en route
East over the Canadian Pacific. He also
ascertained that Kernaghan had pre
ceded his wife two days and expected to
join her at Ashcroft, B. C. He wired to
the officers at Ashcroft to arrest the
cashier. This was done and on July 3
the detective returned with Kernaghan
and his^ bride.
Kernaghan offered the local officers of
the company a settlement. His father is
George F. Kernaghan. a banker of Pasa
dena, Cal. Young Kernaghan telegraphed
to his father, as did the telephone com
pany. An answer was received, stating
that the banker would try to straighten
out his son's affairs.
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
Young Pasadenan Gives
Seattle Detectives
the Slip.
KERNAGHAN ONCE
MORE IN FLIGHT
SEATTLE, July 2O.-Separated for fifty
years, to finally meet again— fifty years,
during which two brothers drift about the
world, to. hear of one another at last by
chance.] That is the story of Captain J.
W. Ekstrand of the Kaga Maru, now in
port, and Alexander Ekstrand of 1020
Hyde street, San Francisco. A half-cen
tury ago they parted, left the old home
place in Borgholm, island of Oland, Swe
den, youths then, to seek their fortunes;
In Seattle a few days ago they obtained
the first Inkling of one another's whfre
abouts. Several days ago Captain Ek
strand of the Kaga Maru received the
Rowing letter, which is self-explana-
SAN FRANCISCO, July 9.
Dear Sir: I was surprised in reading the
evening paper of July 9 to see an article con
ii- ?* the name of Caotain J. W. Ekstrand,
which is the name of one of my brothers wJiom
1 have not seen, for fifty years or more. You
must be either my brother or his son. If so
I would like to correspond with you. I have
been in San Francisco since 1869 and have
never heard of any one of the name of Ek
strand. That is the reason why I think you
are one of us. , " *.
We were four brothers and one sister. My
brothers' .names are Aueiist. Axel and John
Wilhelm and my name is Alexander • Mangnua
(youngest). Our sister's name was Emma We
were all born in Borgholm, Oland. Sweden.
ALEXANDER EKSTRAND, 1020 Hyde st.'
&Ifor the past thirty-three years Captain
Ekstrand has been in command of differ
ent Oriental steamers plying out of Yoko
hama. He is one cf the best known mar
iners on the Pacific. Many times during
that time has he touched at Pacific Coast
ports, but although his brother has been
living in San Krancisco for tho ; same
length of. time they had never met.
Captain Ekstrand has telegraphed to
his brother In San Francisco. Thay will
arrange a meeting before thu Kaga Maru
departs on her next voyage to the Orient.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Brothers to Meet After
Separation of Fifty
Years. •
HALF CENTURY
REUNITES THEM
THE SAN FKANClSCO OAliTj, SUNDAY," JTJXY ; 21. 19O1.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., July 20.— A tel
ephone message to the Times says, the
town of Rlceville. Iowa, with a popula
tion- of 800 to 1000, was practically wiped
out by fire to-day, involving a loss esti
mated at $200,000.
Flames Destroy Iowa Town.
VALL-EJO. July 20.— There was another
strike at Starr's mills. In South Vallejo,
this morning. Only thirty-five of the
eighty-five men usually employed are at
work, and one of th» two mills has been
closed. : f '
• An agreement between the men and Su
perintendent Kemper was reached on
Tuesday, by which the men .were to ocn
tlnue at work, and in the event that the
warehousemen's strike at Port Costa suc
ceeded the wages of the employes of
Starr's mills would be raised. Under this
arrangement affairs at Starr's mills pro
gressed until yesterday, when a repre
sentative of the men called upon the su
perintendent and presented an ultimatum,
demanding that the increase for which
the Port Costa men were striking be given
to the Starr's mill employes at cnce or
they would not report for duty this morn
ingr. Kemper answered that It was not in
his power to accede to their demands for
an Immediate Increase. The men, who
have been working ten hours per day for
$2 50, demanded that they receive $3 for a
day of nire hours. Superintendent Kemp
er notified them that if they went on
strike they would never be allowed to
work in the mills again; that the pay
roll would be made up on Monday and
they would be paid off on Tuesday.'
There 4 is a guard on duty at the mills
to keep out the strikers.
-Majority of Them Quit "Work
When Their Demands
Are Refused.
Starr's Employes Want
Shorter Hours and
More' Pay.".
STRIKE CLOSES
VALLEJO MILL
The honest blacksmith is seldom inclined
to give up his vise.
16
Drs. Shores 1 voluntary TESTIMONIALS FROM WELL-KNOWN PEOPLE who live right here in the city, people yon can see and
talk with. THEY SPEAK FOR DRS. SHORES' SKILL as expert physicians and specialists. They tell you Drs. Shores* treatment cores
when others had failed. Why pay out your hard-earned money for "FAKE PATENT MEDICINES? Why experiment with QUACK doc-
tors and ITINERANT specialists, who charge you exorbitant fees and give you in return only EMPTT PROMISES? Drs. Shores are ths
TRUE FRIENDS of the people. Drs. Shores are the ORIGINATORS of the LOW FEE system. Drs. Shores are RESPONSIBLE physi-
cians; they have treated over 100,000 cases of CATARRH and CHRONIC DISEASES m the past fifteen years. Do not take any doctor's
unsupported word that he can cure CATARRH and CHRONIC DISEASES: ask him whom he has cured. DRS. SHORES GIVES YOU
THE DIRECT PROOF. If there are sufferers in San Francisco or In the West, with CATARRH. DEAFNESS or ANY DEEP-SEATED
NERVOUS or CHRONIC DISEASE, let them apply to Drs. Shores THIS WEEK, and Drs. Shores will treat them until cured for the
low fee nf J5 a month, all medicines free. . „__._ „„ v ~>.~, T ..
REMEMBER, this special offer holds pood only to those who apply BEFORE JULY 2STH. for after that date this low rat* WILL
BE WITHDRAWN and the price for treatment ADVANCED. Do not delay it you want to be cured for- J5, but APPLY NOW.
. COME TO-DAY. COME MONDAY. COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK. . .
CONSULTATION FREE FOR ANY DISEASE.
SAN FRANCISCO PEOPLE SPEAK FOR DRS. SHORES.
. Owing to the fact that the doctors were u nable to prescribe for all the great crowds that have thronged their offices for the past few
days, and that they were unable to reply to the many letters from all parts of the country asking for a little more time bo that they might
take advantage of Drs. Shores' NOTABLE OFFER to treat all diseases until cured for the LOW FEE of J5 00 A MONTH, no other chars*
in any case, all medicines free, Drs. Shores, in order to give all a chance, have decided to extend the offer ANOTHER WEEK TO ALJLi
WHO APPLY. Do not delay. Consultation free.
Drs. Shores' popular $3 a month rate for all diseases, medicines free,- until cured Is given by Drs. Shores to DEMONSTRATE to the
public that "the Drs. Shores.' treatment" for deafness, catarrh and chronic diseases is SUPERIOR to all others. This low rate holds good
to ALL WHO APPLY BEFORE JULY 28TH. No matter how "COMPLICATED" your caso may be. |5 is all the money you need. *5
pays for one whole month, all medicines and treatment furnished absolutely free. ...
JUST ONE MORE WEEK
This will be the greatest Wash Goods Our Wash Goods Department will Values never before known. Odd lots Another great money saving Item,
wee*. We offer to-morrow 0000 yard* Unen-color Batiste, a fine sbeer fab-
choice Irish Dimities. In the Cotton Crepe, in pretty stripes; . rt rie for complete -'suits: in- pret- - T . . Sisffi.e^iiJ^oSd VehW/?™''
prettiest deslsns and color- gjp eells all over at 20c. Here to- 1 VO ty striped, effects; sold as high 11 Q Sffe, Pink and the IOC
I tags; 15c quality, on sale at., yd ° morrow at yd •** -w as 25o yard. : Monday yd greatest rvalue at '...yd
The Greatest of July Clearance Sales.
This is without doubt the biggest bargain event we ever presented. That the volume of business done so far has almost doubled. that of our previous
best records shows how well the public appreciate the values offered. The coming week will be another record breaker, and preparations have been made to
do a tremendous business. Note some'of the extraordinary saving advantages: \
Remnants Extraordinary Sale of Remnants, Colored Dress Goods; F "II
$2.50 dreSS Worth [§2.50 1 1 S2.OO 1 1 $1.50 | and | gl.OO | for
1 [Zf\ \T A Tk e real, dress goods cleaning of. the year occurs to-morrow — bona-fide losses which we cheer- ty$ %&
PfOOClS OvyC xCl* fully -take in order to dispose-- of every remnant accumulated after. a season's unprecedented . y-- n
O Belling. When we . tell you we are going to sell remnants of $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 Dress Goods mr*o
¦ ¦ for 50c yard you'll appreciate its full bargain significance— and that's just what we are going to do, because every short
length has to be forced out to-morrow regardless of former cost or value. There are remnants of SILK .'AND WOOL NOVELTIES. CHEVIOTS,
SERGES, WHIFCOHDS, HENRIETTAS, MATET, ASSES, SZLK ANT> WOOL ETAMINES, EMBROIDERED CASHMERES, etc., in waist, skirt and suit
lengths, varying from 2 to 6 yards each; all marked for to-morrow only, your choice, 50c yard. • . , = ' " \ .
Greater Reductions" in Suits, Skirts and Waists.
Never has there been such an offering: In assortment, styles or values. Every garment has been reduced for this sals. A» soon u one lot becomes small It U daced with a
lower-priced Una. In thi» w*y we art constantly Improving the values. ;; • • . •. . * . • .
$16.95 I I $1.95 I 59c $19.50 ,
Bnya a. < :* I Buys LADIES' WHITE LAWN Buys the i>«st Buvs a.
TAILOH-MADB SUIT, _, or MADRAS GINOriAM WAISTS, PERCALE or GINGHAM SHIRT silk n »P«« «*r,»-r
ay** 8 . ... - gggsr made; ** were aygw^n^ | s^fffs&sw^^
wa CAMBRIC DRAW " $ll5 ° 60WNS F0R WHITE CAMBRIC SKIRTS. $4.50 Silk Waists jf^*
/y : ERS 50C PAIR. 98C EACH. We continue the extraordin- $2.69 Eadi, WW
J * .f^Mullf Reg. value 75c Ladies' Gowns, made of the sale of La dies' White Pet- These Waists wiH^^/
/" •'' ' /£ /^^Sawi /q\ We place on sale' finest quality Cambric, extra ticoats. We did a phenomenal create remarkable jM&i
I to-morrow 35 dozen length, elaborately trimmed business last week because the selling to - morrow y/Wmlf^ni^
( Ladies' C a m b ri c a " d tucks J values were the biggest on because they are the ¦ QfflmMflBSk
ytS^&zS&gr f*g$\, i-auics ui finished with lull yoke, one of _„„, greatest barga n of ' Wf MfflffM/MM
]S^%&§&r JPlfe Drawcrs » the best the best underwear bargains record - I the season. Made of WM WI!51
BS&SSSi^- J¥F bMh value you ever saw. you have been getting for a All are made of the best soft Taffeta Silk, wMlfff/JilwW]
bM&t^T Two styles to choose longtime. On special sale to- materials, Cambric, Lace and tucked all over: with mMiMlW^M
from, in lace and morrow at Embroidery. ." .the. latest Bishop :
/JtSS^^SSST embroidery trimmed f\ f\ Si 2? Skirts for 75c I n^"' 1 perfe , ct T .^ p^fS^L-^
/^ \\<^&tfi& ' nf thr finrst mate- i M>£ /"> v~~i, 3 ;3Klrts IOr 7OC ting; colors of Light A y^T^sdl
#fi#^ SH.fr Eaoh sssjE&s &^&wBk.
....' Pair^OC Good value at $1.50. ; $3.50 Skirts; for;... $2.35 priceY.IK $2.69^^l^^^'
Fine Black Silks at a Sacrifice.
"We have rone through the stock of Black Silks, selecting 4? odd pieces of the highest grade OIL-BOILED BLACK TAFFETAS and ni,.^ '_ „ . ,
cause the most sensational selling here to-morrow. Every effort has been made to make this the banner Silk Day. ',~-7~- placea ,*¦ .special price upon them that will
Gflft Vnrrl for the 85c quality oll-bolled Black Taffeta, 7fl« Vnrrl for the * L1 ° <l ua »ty Black Taffeta, 27 01* V««J for tli. tun «,,«iu .I'vYVVm-*
DaC TSlfl "¦"¦>' r ard guaranteed; impossible to du- /MR Trtlfl In^es wide, extra heavy and very lustrou*: K <ft l/(Tl\ ant» P d Mr \L n VMty oll " b ,? ."f 1 Taff , pta - e««r-
UUU I UIU plicate elsewhere for the money. ¦ uu lulu of all the Taffeta bargains this Is the best. UJll I UI U SP.,; » lt L " very wa^. wlu be replaced If it
Cl nfi Vorrf t0T the * 150 I"* 1^ Bla <* Ta«<*a. «• « V.l^Ilr?"?'"" 011 - S ° M UP t0 n ° W
C/I ft Vnrrl for *** 75c <l ualIt y Black Swiss Taffeta, a lOl.ljH lri|l! ln ches wide; a Taffeta of the highest or- /IQft Vnrrl 'or the 75c oualitv Bl»ok •RrnrnA** Taffeta-
54c Yard ?ya« lustrous sllk: *•" value on!y. us & 8 « ts 48c Yard | -SS^sSsr 2^'
A R(1p VF^T FflR Up Sl.OO AND Sl.25 JABOTS 69c EACH. another lining special for monday only.
H * UUll I LU I I Ull WUUI About 15 dozen will be • 45c OUALITY «!ll K MOOPCM
.... . , , . . . ,' placed on sale to-morrow at /<3s>ak *. „ vw»»«-i ¦ I oitiv lllUKttN
When we Speak of these vests as being worth OOC almost half price. We admit l&?359l ' the Monday Lining Specials we ever
we Rive yon their actual value To-morrow we - there a joss, ppy^'lS^f^^^ 9^C'
offer them to you at 33c each. These are imported o wrin P up of ail the odd — »-^»®*WSH^!Sfe^ low import price, in solid colors of new biup
Lisle Vests, with all over lace, fancy yoke, silk taped »°ts and broken lines. These Sg^^^^H^^^^. t? 4-orth /sc'/v^ 8 ' S II( \ and Bla " k = a i uu l- vltDr ,
neck and armholes. Special to-morrow at... \ c l^T^t^T^^ ™ *** "" Ji^L
Each « J * J^' or ribbon. In colors of Pink, ' SaE^^KSmlwXaSkSKf <t» I <\ m /> t //^^^^^T?
Lijfht Blue. Lavender ; White dll.X^ tilrtVAC '//>A U
Anii p nr Tim rni nTiio 9nd Black, at ftQr* **\>***m\j uiutC3 i/i /avv n '
SALE OF TABLECLOTHS, achb9c THnr Mnn^vQ^P^ \ nNM
<5r QR FAPH EXTRA HEAVY TURKISH *- a Y y , 5c Pair ¦' V ff v
tAUH. TOWELS I6IC EACH. <^^Br S^iS^f?^ &SS^K^ ]\\
A }:rand opportunity for procuring Renuine Ger- A charice pickup of 35 doz. introductory offer ,w 0 will sell thorn 1^' \ v
man Table-cloths much below present regular irood wearing Turkish Tow- . 7 to-morrow at .. . j Vill
prices. They come in white and half-bleached, in rprice n ie» y tn°an ra w,' • • ¦ -v . . ;>% -> O n .-' \\\\)
the choicest designs; size 2X2J4; warranted pure usually would .have to pay. ¦^PflSP;: .--¦•.•- 4 '•.< : ¦ Xt' •¦' .-¦'•¦'Zj.\J\J Pairiv^lllr '
linen; sell regularly at $2.50 each. To- f| nr ™ey come and absorbentv For %fL%~ In color, of Tan, Gray and Brown- alt ¦ • ' ' '
morrow .Each «P * • y «- F Monday •: IO3V* sizes; fitted^ and guaranteed. " •• ¦: -.\ .-; V
A SALE OF TORCHON LACES, M*<+ 5P0 Pieces
We just opened a new 'lot of Torchon M^J IM f/£ jM 1/^M WM LMmJeP^S B ' aCli Ve '.Vet RibbOH
Lace that should have been here two fW j% !$ JfWm ffl& ffl^mMfM WMf^M W j MnNflAY 9Rp PICPC
months ago. but were delayed in transit. WASfiP 1 *** '&&'& **^ mm % A mU«UAI ZOC rltUt.'
We intend to sell them out completely F> -^'™SL ., <@k^^ _^^F ?"^ S * s one °^ our most striking bar-
to-morrow — this extraordinarily low * ' ji y ' ;^^<— flM^ gains for Monday. A special lot of No
price will do it. All new and choice . . . l^'[g!!^ t _ SJ-M^S^SuEyh&J^ J Satin-back Black Velvet Ribbon, that
patterns in edgings and inser- £^ ¦ _ elm^*^^^ regularly sells at 40c per f\ f*
tions: well worth I2^c and jf\ O "' '"^^m^HiwwBfc* 5^^ . piece of 10 yards. Monday / y\f*
15c yard. Monday Yard **J COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. - r •• ... .Piece w V/
READ THE . TESTIMONY OF J. H. BO-
CARDE, the well-known foreman of the G. M.
Kutz Co. Shoe Factory, who has been a great
sufferer from chronic catarrh for over twenty-
five years. Mr. Bocarde says*. "I am a shoe
foreman at the G. M. Kutz Co. Shoe Factory,
103 Mission street, and' have lived in this city
for the past fifteen years. I have been a great
sufferer from CHRONIC CATARRH FOR
OVER TWENTY-FIVE YEARS. During all
that time I have tried a great many so-called
CATARRH CURES and treatments, but none
of them did me any good. When I came to
Drs. Shores & Shores, two months ago, I had
almost despaired of ever getting well. I HAD
SUFFERED SO LONG. MY CATARRH
BOTHERED ME ALL THE TIME. MY NOSE
WOULD DISCHARGE, AND THE GATHER-
ING IN MY THROAT MADE ME HAWK
AND SPIT CONTINUALLY to clear my
throat. The constant HAWKIXG made my
throat SORE, and it would PAIN me. It both-
ered me so much it greatly EXHAUSTED me.
The mucus would collect in my throat all night
and interfere with my sleep. This FOUL DIS-
CHARGE from the throat gradually affected
my STOMACH AND LIVER. I would BLOAT
UP after eating, and my KIDNEYS were also
affected. This was my condition when I came
to Drs. Shores. TWO MONTHS AGO. DRS.
SHORES' TREATMENT AND MEDICINES
HELPED ME FROM THE START. I can
SLEEP good now, the DROPPING in ' my
throat and the constant desire to HAWK AND
SPIT and SORENESS of the throat HAS DIS-
APPEARED.
"NO MORE BLOATING in the stomach. My
liver and kidneys are better and I feel stronger
In every way.
"DRS. SHORES' TREATMENT HAS DONE
WONDERS FOR ME, AND I TAKE PLEAS-
URE IN RECOMMENDING DRS. SHORES'
TREATMENT TO ALL SUFFERERS.
"(Signed) J. H. BOCARDE,
"2137V4 Mislson Street, San Francisco. Cal."
2137% Mission Street, San Francisco. Cal.
J. H. BOCARDE,
Sirs. Wilson says: "I am a glovemaker, and
have lived in San Francisco for the past six-
teen years. I have been sick for the last three
years, and have doctored a great deal with dif-
ferent physicians, but all to no purpose. I
have 'suffered a great deal from LIVER,
STOMACH and KIDNET trouble. My stomach
would BLOAT UP after eating and PAIN ME
greatly. My food did not seem to do me any
good, and after I would eat a hearty meal I
would STILL. ¦ BE HUNGRY. My condition
grew gradually worse, until the past year I
have been UNABLE TO WORK.' I also grew
very NERVOUS and MELANCHOLY, and was
very WEAK AND RUN DOWN In every way.
This was my condition when X came to Drs.
Shores ONLY TWO WEEKS AGO. I can say
that Drs. Shores have helped 'me more in the
two weeks than ALL THE OTHER DOCTORS.
MY STOMACH DOES NOT HURT ME ANY
MORE AND I DIGEST MY FOOD. My kid-
neys and liver are much better, and my ner-
vous system is also much improved. I sleep
good now, and feel better and stronger in every
way.
"IT GIVES ME PLEASURE TO RECOM-
MEND DRS. SHORES' TREATMENT to all
sufferers, for they have done WONDERS for
me. ' ." ;
"Any one doubting this testimonial Is at per-
fect liberty to call on me, and I will gladly
verify the truth of the same.
"(Signed) MRS. MAY E. WILSON,
"211 Turk street, San Francisco, Cal."
211 Turk Street, San Francisco, Cal.
If yon haven't m. rcrnlar, healthy movement of th»
bowels every Ony. you're ill or will be. Keep your
bowels open, and b« well. Force, In the shape of vio-
lent phrsic or pill poison. Is dangerous. Tho smooth-
est, cosiest, most perfect way of keeping the bowels
clew and clean i»to Uke
The liver Is affected by Catarrhal poisons
extendirgr from the> stomach Into the ducts of
the liver. Quickly cured with little cost by
Drs. Shores' famous treatment."
"Do you get dizzy?"
"Have you cold feet?"
"Do you feel miserable?" - t
"Do you get tired easy?"
"Do you have hot flushes?"
"Are your spirits low at times f
Liver Disease.
Results in two ways by taking cold and by
overworking the kidneys in separating from
the blood the catarrhal poisons which affect
all organs. Quickly cured with little cost by
Drs. Shores' famous treatment.
"Do your hands and .feet swell?" ; .
"Is it noticed more at night?"
"Is there pain in the small of the back?**.
"Has the perspiration a bad odor?"
"Is there puffiness under the eyes?"
"Do you have to get up often at night?"
"Is there a deposit In urine if left standing?"
Don't neglect these nipns and risk Bright' a
Disease killing you. Cure It now.
Kidney Diseose
Catarrh extends from the throat along the
eustachtan tubes Into the ears, causing partial
or complete deafness. Quickly cured with lit-
tle cost by Drs. Shores' famous treatment.
"Is your hearing failing?" .
"Do your ears discharge?"
"Is the wax drying in, your ears?"
"Do you hear better some days than others?"
"la your hearing worse when you have a
cold?"
Don't neglect this until your bearing- is Ir-
reparably destroyed.
Of the Ears
. Pleasant. Palatable, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good,
Kerer Kickrn. Weaken, or Gripe. 10, 25, and 60 cent*
j>er box. Write for free sample, and booklet on
With. Address . (33 .
bTECUSG BEXE9Y COZ?1XT, CHICAGO Br SEW TORE.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAN
EAT 3 EM LIKE CANDY
HOME TREATMENT. ~ ~~
No one deprived of the benefits of > TV-
Shores' treatment becau** or living ,t»
tance from the ofnce. • The "am 9 wond^ft
ar* IL ;i B t y *£• USe Ot a "W^m 1 b£nk they
are able to diagnose cases and prescribe for
them and by their reports keep a closa watch
upon them Patients living in U,eciun1ryl£a?
enjoy the benefits of Dm. Shores' skill as well
as those In the city. WRITE FOR SYMPTOM
?«t v£ an ? * ave X 0 " 1 " cas * diagnosed. It will
cost you nothing. The charges for home treat-
ment are |3 a month, all medicines fre«. ln-
cludinsr all instruments and appliance*.
CONSULTATION FBEE TO a£u >
, specialists;
'..KOT^ HISTORY BUILDING, -723 MARKET ST. ?iSS^3
Ofnce Hours— Week days, 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. fcyenlnss, 6 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, io a. m. to 13 noon.*
Catarrh and Stomach Troubles. Nervous Diseases, Kidney -Diseases, Bladder Troubles, Heart
' Diseases, Diseases of the Stomach and Bowels, Piles. Fistula and Rectal Diseases, Female
Complaints, Diseases of Women and Children, Rickets, Spinal Troubles, Skin Diseases, Deaf-
ness, Asthma, Bronchial and Lung Troubles, Consumption In the First Stages. Rheumatism,
; Hay Fever. Neuralgia, Hysteria, Eye and Ear Diseases. Goitre or Big Neck, La Grippe
Lost Manhood, etc. ; Blood Diseases, Private Diseases, Scrofula and all forms of Nervous and
Chronic Diseases (.that are curable). CONSULTATION FREE. CALL OR WRITE
DRS. SHORES & SHORES.
1A/E TREAT AND CURE
• When catarrh of the head or throat 1b ne-
glected or wrongfully treated, it extends down
the windpipe Into the bronchial tubes, and af-
ter a while attacks the lungs. Quickly cured
with little cost by Drs. Shores' famous treat-
ment.
/'Have you. a. cough?"
"Do you take cold easily?"
"Have 'you pal" In the side?" '¦ ¦ ' .
"Do you" raise frothy materials?".
"Do you spit up little cheesy lumps?"
"Do you feel you are growing weaker?" *
Don't risk neglecting these warnings— stop
the disease before it reaches the lungs.
The Bronchial Tubes.
This form of catarrh Is most common— result-
ing from neglected colds— quickly cured with
little cost by Drs. Shores' . famous treatment.
"Is your nose stopped up?'^
"Does .your nose discharge?"
"Is your nose sore and tender?"
"Is there pain in front of head?"
¦"Do you hawk to clear the throat?"
"Is your throat dry in the morning?"
"Do you sleep with your mouth open?"
You can be easily cured now— don't let it run
Into compllcatlons : _
The Head an1 Throat.
Read the following symptoms over carefully,
mark those you feel !n your case, and send or
bring them to ' Drs. Shores and they w|U tell
you whether you tan be cured FREE OF
CHARGE. . •
Thst You Are Sick and Need
'' pea<m:nt.
Aches and Pains Are the Danger Signals
DANGER SIGNALS.
of them. -*k e £Tffl£j5^2d«g ££1
Catarrh „* *? f e tho Stom «ch.
|;Do you belch up gas?"
Are you constipated T'
. *¦ your tongue coated*"
«uch aymptoms as these foUow" V and
Do you get giddy? w * \
Is your mind dull?
Are you easily dazed?
Do you have headache ?• •
Are you eastly excited?
Do your hands trembler
Doea your heart nutter? »
. Are you easily Irritated?
Are you always anxious? -.
Do your musolea twitch?
Is your temper irritable?
Suffer from sleeplessness?
Are you easily frlgrbtened?
Does your sleep not refresh ytmt .
Do you suffer from neuralgia? ' * "'
Do you have horrible dreams? !
assess 4 iAi'b Fifisrstfss %|
LLCERS in the stomach. No one knows how
I take gfeat pfe^k^S'Srti 1 ' * VerT way and
to the WONDETO BEW^ teltlmonlil1
from Drs. Shores'" tri»»mr ? 1 ? received
CKarrell street San sw5** J llTe at »
doubting thl. i «tatS*5^ 2?*" ¦5 d •»»-'«»'
MRS. J. R. SUMXER. '¦¦"- •
333 CFarrell Street. San Francisco, Cat j
Stomach Disease.
,A 7*>^r"t<; K/pT^t HffTTS. " '
MRS. MAT E. WILSON,
jfS± CANDY
g^!a& CATHARTIC,-.Special Epworth League Excursion to
Los Angeles and Return, $15.00.
Thursday. July 23. Good going on any
train, either Coast line or via Fresno.
Return limit August 81. Stopovers. ¦ Fare
for Epworth • Leaguers and friends oniy
$15 round trip. Offices of Southern Pa
cific."" 613 Market street and Mechanics'
Pavilion. • . .
Eric, Son of General Kobbe, Arrested
for Assault With a Deadly
Weapon.
Eric Kobbe. « son ef General W. S.
Kobbe, now In the Philippines, flrod the
bullet that struck Paul Wieslg while he
v.-as in a boat off Fort Mason on Friday.
Accompanied by an army officer, the boy,
who h- 14 years of ags, and his brother
Hcrrr.'in railed upon Captain Seymour
yesterday morning. After hearing the
boys' fctory Captain Seymour sent Eric to
the City Prison, where a charge of as
rault with a deadly wen pon was booked
against him. He was released on $.\0 cash
bail.
Eric eald that he and his brother had
been shooUng ut a target on the rauge at
Fort Mason, where they live with their
mother, with a 22-callber parlor rifle. As
ITEED AT A .TABGET
AND WOUNDED WISSIG
he had the rifle most of the time and could
not shoot as well as his brother he sup
posed thr.t he was the one who hit Wis
sig. Detective Harry Reynolds, who
was detailed on the case, learned that the
boys had been shooting at a target at the
time Wlsslff was shot, and they did not
deny it. . Mrs. Kobbe promised to have
the boys sent to police headquarters in
the mcrning, to that they would not be
detained ln prison all night. "
The boy Wlsslg la at St. Luke's Hos
pital, and the surgeons there repot t tnat
his condition is critical. He is suffering
from a high fever and It lssuposed the
bullet penetrated hlH lunss.
According to promise there will be Just
2500 pairs of ladies' shoes and ties, worth
$2 BO. that I will sell. beginning- to-morrow
for 60c a pair. Thla la Pimply to keep my
promise to the public as stated just one
week ago. . Every pair must be sold. - The
selection Is good— take my word for- it.
Tet only 50c a pair for ladles' shoes or ties
that are .worth none less than $2 50." Come
around. I .will expect. you at the factory
sale of shoes, 717 Market street, near
Third. W.F.Pipher, manager. . •
Here I Am Again.
The . Mooltan will load ' wheat - hen for
Europe at 37s 6d; th* Maxwell, same at S9s;
the Dumfriesshire, same, at Portland, S&i; th«
Galpate. at Portland. 38a 3d: the Golden Shore,
lumber at Hastings Mills tor Sydney, 50a. with
the usual options; the Gustav and Oscar, lum
ber .at Blakeley for Valparaiso; the Kailua,
lumber at Grays Harbor for Valparaiso for
orders. 65s. 3s id less direct: the William Bow
den, lumber on Pucet Sound for Shanghai. 5ta;
the Wrestler. lumber at Blakeley for Noumea.
57s; the Larso Law. salmon at Victoria for
Liverpool. 41s 3d, or London, «s «d. with op
tion of wheat at Tacoroa, 42s 6d. All of above,
wire chartered prior to " arrival. The Low
Wood will load lumber on PuR^t Sound for
Buenos Ayres. chartered In England; the Dia
mond Head, Georje Curtis and the Olympic,
merchandise here for Honolulu; the Saint
Katherlne and tho Santiago, merchandise for
mio. - -
Charters.
will be delivered by Charles E. LlttlenoM
of Maine. Sessions of the section of legal
education In connection with the Asso
ciation or American Law Schools: also
sessions of the section of patent, trade
mark and copyright law will be held.
At the session of the section of legal
education, papers will be read, by Harry
B. Hutchlns. Ann Arbor; v Nathan Abbott.
Leland Stanford Jr. University; Clarence
Twenty-Fourth Session of the Amer
ican Bar Association to Begin
in Denver.
DENVER. July 20.— The twenty-fourth
annual meeting of the American Bar As
sociation will be held in Denver August
21. 22 and 23. The president's address will
be delivered by Edmund AVetmore of New
York. Papers will be read by Richard C.
Dale, Philadelphia; J. H. Hughes Jr..
Denver; H. B. Estabrook, Chicago, and
Plutt Rogers. Denver. The annual address
LAWYEKS WILL MEET
IN ANNUAL CONVENTION
Engineer on tug-Jrimei' C. Ma her. vice J. J.
Scary. Dredger No. 1, captain— John McFar
lane. ' vice . M. -Redmond. Janitors— David
Kramer, vice J. S. WiRKlns; P. J. Kelly, vice
P. O O'Connor. Switchmen— E. E. Raymond,
vice V. E. Dlmmlck; P. J. Manning, vice Wil
liam Dennehy; Philip Henry, vice J. J.' Sulli
van. Painter— Robert Barton, vice J. P. Rowen.-
Sweepers— Jarr.es - Bean, vice W. Williams;
John McjQ u «' ny . vice T. F. Dolan; James Bar
ton, vice j..Dunleavy: J. Coulter, vice Michael
Murphy; George J. Bailey, vice John Mulcahey;
WHH»m; Hill, .vice J. L. Splllman: William
WUkliMon. , vlc« Patrick • Dally. Deckhands—
The ax was swung by the Harbor Com
missioners yesterday and thirty men will
lose their positions on August 1. Nearly
all of them were appointed by ex-Com
mlssloner Harney.and the men who will
take their places were named by Com
missioner Kirkpatrick. The positions, ap
polntess and the men who go out next
week are as. follows:
Harbor Commission.
CHANGES ON" THE FRONT.
Ax Falls Among the Employes of tho
James Wilkinson, vice Frank Fontaine; Pat
rick Gray, vice -H.. F* Dunn: P. Zocchl. vice
Samuel Taylor; John J. Green, vice George J
Brltt: Dennis Dowd. vice Delos Ashley. Patch
ers—John F. Collins, vice George Muguire;
Robert McMlchaelj, vice M. Farrell. Firemen-
Charles Ratto. vice J. H. Jeet«?r. Ptlemen—
Frank Pendergast. vice R. J. O'Reilly, la
borers—J. C. Blake, vice William Mundell; J.
Condon, vice ; Walter Fro»t. vice T.
C. King; J. W. 'Young, vice : — . Cart
man—Morris .Kelly, vice C. Sullivan. Plumber
—Charles H. Murry, vice M. Hughes.
D. Ashley". New York University: Raleigh
C. Miner, University of Virginia; Harry
Singer Richards, Iowa State University,
and William P. Rogers, Indiana Stats
University.
MISS M'KENZIE
LOSES POSITION
Board Illegally Dismisses
Hancock School
Principal.
Charges Not Filed by Super
intendent as Charter
Provides.
In clear, violation of the charter, which
provides that a school teacher may only
be suspended or dismissed after a hear
ing on written charges made by the Su
perintendent of Schools, the Board of Ed
ucation yesterday dismissed Miss Marga
ret McKenzie. j principal of the Hancock
Grammar School, from the department.
Miss McKenzie's case was not Ilrst in
vestigated by the Superintendent, but a
public bearing was accorded her by the
Board of Education, the members of
¦which from their very attitude toward
the accused lady had condemned her be
forehand. The resolutions dismissing Miss
McKenzie recite that the board finds her
guilty of evident unfltness for teaching
and of Insubordination and unprofessional
conduct.
R. W. Campbell, attorney for Miss Mc-
Kenzie, stated after the meeting that he
will take the case to court. He claims
that under the charter the trial of his
client should liave been held by the Su
perintendent of Schools on sworn charges,
and that the board usurped that officials
prerogative, granted to him by the or
ganic law of the municipality.
W. H- de Bell, a graduate of the uni
versity, was elected to succeed Miss Mc-
Kenzie, th© unsuccessful candidate for
the position being P. T. H. McCarthy.
Bell has never been in the department
and his election came in the nature of a
surprise. -', ..
W. W. Stone was transferred from the
principalship of the Burnett School to
that of the James Lick School.
Philip Prior was transferred from the
principalship of the James Lick School to
that of the Burnett School.
C. C. Young was transferred to the
headship of the English department of
the Lowell High School.
Three Vice-Principals Elected.
The board did politics in the election of
eeveral vice principals. Miss Nettie Wade
was elected vice principal of the Jean
Parker School. Mark nominated Miss M.
Michelson and KincaiQ placed the name
of Miss Nettie Wade in nomination. The
first ballot showed a tie vote, but the sec
ond gave Miss Wade three votes.
Casserlv nominated Miss Michelson for
the vice princlpalship of the Burnett
School and Mark nominated Miss A. B.
McGulre. Miss Michelson received three
vctes and was declared elected.
JIadi-scn Babeock was elected vice prin
cipal of the Fairmount School. Miss Ida
Strauss was the unsuccessful candidate
for the place.
Miss Agnes Reg-an was transferred front
the principalship of the Noe Valley School
to that of the Cooper School. Miss Jessie
Smith and Miss Nora Sullivan were nomi
nated for the Xoe Valley School, but after
two tie ballots the election was postponed.
Evening School Abolished.
The Franklin Evening School was abol
ished and the teachers placed on the even
ing eligible list. " '' ¦
It was resolved that the graduates from
any grammar school cf the State be ad
mitted to the high schools of this city.
The principal of the Lowell High School
•was authorized to examine pupils who
have finished the work of the eighth
grade and who did not take the last ex
amination. The examination will be held
in the Lowell High School on Thursday,
July 25, commencing at 9 a. m.
M"Ies Elizabeth McDonald, No. 1 on the
substitute list, was assigned to the va
cancv in the Jean Parker School, and Miss
A. Murphy. No. 3 on the substitute list,
was assigned to the vacancy in the
Franklin School caused by the resignation
of Mrs. J. D. Cooper.
Miss Lillian O'Connell, No. 2 on the sub
stitute list, was assigned to the Pacifla
Heights School to fill the vacancy caused
by the resignation of Miss Charlotte
Thompson.
In case a new class Is formed In the
Buena. Vista School, Miss Rose Stack. No.
4 on thc substitute list, at request of
principal, will be assigned to said class.
Assistant Secretary Berliner read a
financial statement showing that out of
a total appropriation of $1,160,000 the sum
of $1,151,783 77 was disbursed during the
fiscal year 1900-1S01, leaving a surplus of
$8216 23.
Miss Charlotte Thompsons resignation
from the department was accepted.
The application of Miss Ella Fenton
that her salary warrant for December,
1898, which bad not been made out by a
former school board, be delivered to her
was referred to the City Attorney.
Pupils Must Have Seats.
The board made no change in. its rule
on classification, requiring an enrollment
of fifty-five pupils in the primary and fifty
ln the grammar grades. In a circular sent
to the principals, however, they are cau
tioned not to place any more pupils ln
a class than can be seated. The circular
advises that principals must also send a
report regarding the success or failure of
each substitute that has taught five or
more days; they will also be required to
remain at their schools during the noon
recess, and classes must be graded as
evenly as practicable and the rule re
quiring teachers to exchange classrooms
must be observed.
Miss M. Bailie was assigned to the
Cooper School.
On the report of the principal of the
Lowell High School the janitor, J. W.
Thompson, was dismissed and Joseph
John Cody appointed to the vacancy.
C. W. Mark was authorized to sign all
requisitions for repairs during the
absence of John B. Casserly.
G. H. Stokes was appointed as teacher
of Latin ln the Lowell High School, sub
ject to a three years' probation.
John A. Longrley was assigned as a sub
stitute in the Lowell High School, vice
Miss S. M. Klngsbury, on leave.
Miss Belle Croyland and Miss Eugenia
Lacoete wer* appointed High School sub
stitutes.
Miss M. A. Wright. No. 5 on the sub
stitute list, »as assigned to, the vacancy
ln the Hancock School caused by the
resignation of Mrs. Lelbold. .
Leaves of absence were gTantea to
Perry T. Toxnpkins and Miss S. B. Kelly.
A $20,000 Bond Given by P. a Eelly,
Assignee of the Boston Clothing
Company, 773 Market St.
Yesterday another clothing deal was
consumma-ted. Mr. Goodrich, Paciflo
Coast agent for the Lyceum Clothing: Co.,
haa assigned the entire stock, consisting
of 550,000 worth of men*3 clothing, to Mr.
P. C. Kelly. These goods are now In tran-
Eit. In order to make room, will clear out
Herman's hats; aJso the balance of the
Brown Clothing Co. Will therefore sell
to-morrow and Tuesday only all-wool clay
worsted casslmere and fancy cheviots, va
rious shades — men's suits worth $18 for
$4 65. Wednesday, Thursday and Friday
nothing but hats, and will sell them for
90c a hat; none worth less than $2 50. Yet
they are stylish Herman hats. Anything
to make room for the Lyceum Clothing
stock that Is expected to arrlv« here In
about ten days. Everything will have to
be gone by that time; therefore take uS
va.ntage of to-morrow's eaJe of clothing
and tret an $18 all-wool suit, well made,
for $4 <;s. at the Clothin? Assignee Sale of
the Boston, 773 Market street. near
Fourth. • •, .
Dishonest Grocery Boy.
Guy Hornuna:, a boy 17 yeare of age.
employed ln the grocery of Henry Henck
m, €01 McAllister street, wag arrested at
the depot. Third and Townsend streets.
yet=t*rday moniiiR by Detective Rlordan
and Policeman O'Connor. He stole $98 be
longing to his employer and purchased a
eult of clothes nnd pair of shoes. The
balance of the money. $82. was found ln
his pockets. He wan booked at the City
Prleon on a charge of grand larceny. The
boy wanted to go to his parents ln the
southern part of the State.
Ftor eouvenlra of California the beautiful
Stockton Pottery ware, or pieces of China
bearing California scenes, ar© very sat
isfactory. Nathan-Dohrmann Co.. 122 Sut
ter street. . •
THE SAN FEANO1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 21, 1901.
17
THE EMPORIT7M.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EiffPORITIM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPORITOI.
\-**San Frmi^Qisco^B Quit liters i&r School*— \
| San Francisco's Great Dep't. Store Cafe. Art Post' Tele- Use Our Dark Room Free. |
* Is on Market street, between Fou th and F.fth streets, opposite the junction of: the great dotne . ROOMS, OffiCC phOHCS. Adjoinin our large and com lcteI stocked Camera and Photo hic s : |
»? Powe 1 and Eddv. All Market street cars pass the door. In the main building ... • . a r » *• ~ »# Onmainflo r Several J - ° r rr *
| a floor space ofncarly n^ne acres is used for- the requirements of thc business* cho.c.t oods ; P cr- On «cond floor; four Stat™ o, on M«za- O, ™ «•££«-, Department is a prrfcctly equipped Dark Room for developing Photographs. J
y « iiuui Bjjatc " j 1 j ,- - I - lect tervue: mod- of them filled w:th nine floor. A money *, r;«i?c ?-.:«- . . •
£ and to this will soon b= added the a most completed five-st:ry annex in the rear , ric . ¦ piet ty P xtur« order station ?• 1 Statl ° n * This room is free lor use ot customers. If you do not care to develop your J
g of the building, extending fromjesre s to Mission street We are UnlVBr- '" " P ' -^ 1 . '-^ Sw ' tCh B ° films yoursc lf bring them tous before 5 p. m. and get them nczt morning. • jj
K Sal Providers? our 61xt X an " morc departments selling everything need-. .j|_jj|iiraBgfB!l^ ini wbl jpb im^ ftm, ngfc, w*g tm» «w « ... . , X
$ cd in everyday life at P:partment Store Prices. Among the many unique fea- |C Wi WiM We do developing, printing and enlarging in the sh'ortcst possible time at *
|; Luxuriouf'y furnished Ladies' Parlors— Free. Information Bureau-Tell you .bout city, 11 p x^ *** V/JS SUffl Sesd *6x or Banner Plates— Eureka Toning Solution, 8 or. bottle 25oS
£ P.rcel Checking Bur.-au— Free. trains, etc. fig] M[p*^ &VQ4U B^fil\ffifl 3#«3#. *°*.34v 4*5, <!«« 55o Seed*. M«o!-Hydro D.veoper, J* dor. 23o £
g «g«w » m e^, Ho,p...,_ w ,, -.uf-rjjjg o-j££ p w Bazaan J * $$ £¦»• ?%£?£&?* I
J Hmltomc Lavatcres for men and women.' B*rber Shop and Shoe Polishing Stands. CALIFORNIA'S I.APOF.ST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STHDP Printing Frames-Sizes up to W ..;... ISO """ ' ' 9
% COG&&$OOSa /^S#^~^^ y^^ 0 w iic qja.ji.iS "]^^/2P5?t# Souvenir Goods -{
* The big .tore wi 1 be Children's H-adquartrrs l/mL^ jVjIl^ ift tf^Tfei W^i%imM f* t\A BllBi 1 wiSS&L^ M N ° W California ' W
K tJiJUferwe - San Franco's' 'Out- Y 4J^IKHf ¦ BJP^JF^|i% CJ 2L 180 O^M IF 1^1 W*J£&0 t^^H-^ NOVClHCS. X
h fitttn for School." To entcrum the children fe&Sr " "5^> . • ¦ ¦ rioSfcWSHB^ Vl..^ D«.*,l CA i . j vt •*
i a litte when they come in tor their books and Wgk (£ J . JSB^SW k Card5-regu!ar 2 5 c doren. this „,
fc' suddIici fand the gown folk* ai "el), we K6 i J -_, , . , , , - . , , , , .ft i fSS^fe m n 'I Vr' *j " "^ ', ." — EOO •»
»: ZZ ™g.sed jaanotto, "Aiii'r.ii.-. l&dp. I The big store has opaned a lar^e special department (in rear of regular 'S3R V «£ visw Po.t>i c«r<u— c°i<,,t4,n&,, s <,cd>™, .5
t : 2S« the M<lSSi Tri 5'mfra»»» , -1^4 B: °^ Department on main flxir). for the sale of School Books and School ¦ aSfc^jJi v^TtoiS.V^S.::::::;;:::^ *
»: ccekatoos. T»e S = remarkable iu. \ JsMLk^ Supplies— where all of the authorized Text BDoks that will be used in SpraBS^ii """"" ? om '" cro P'°-tf'P"'-^h-g5o 5
i t^^tZt^SH^irt Primary, Grammar and High School; for the ensuing term will be on sale. iH|%!j On^ w«* H«dita_Had-pdKed ;J
>• 5 *•• "¦'•'"'" i "" k - ¦ _ ipii^^S/- This section has all kinds cf School S:ationery and Supplies at flKfllS H«p,»ca S hion..25c p ipe r kdi™....25« :<
I 35c Telescopes 24c . „ . ' ' mgmh gftSSLJS iS?^:::^ j
Sr^^PiTi'^'^i Department Store Prices. "S3 u*l;l i«T \
V """ 0mw^ Mcniay ~)j*^ Crayons, per box So and fOG / ..„„!, BtacMrnJc: SUte Pencils, p-r hundred. ..fOC, /5o IkWB^^^^^^ Basket design S^ Jf
% tnly.". . . •? Lj^-**^"^^^ While Chalk, per box 12G *-uncn Oa&BCGISm Blot'ers. per dozen So ani IOC \W&!Pjfi5r*£> Finger Pune, 25c. Basket design Gents* •'
K V^^mWt^^\ Erasers, each 5O and / ,'C For Mcn;a y onI X w « offer ihr c sizes [ n \ Tablets, note or letter size 3c \Wxj&?\. • Pune » 25c Flower design Coin Purse, "J
*° ESeXCfo COnthSm \W^^l\^ \, Ru'ers, many styles 4c *° 25o Satchel Lunch Baskets— ;ty"e .hown in Black Ink, per bottle 4o \&508&%tf " 35o. Combination Purse and Card Case, I*
*° j cu -w tr • •• n u r V. m an IW2&Z& trySty* School Bsgs, heavy crochet..ectJ 25C 1 ustratian— light and. cinv.-ni.nt, and Red Ink, per bottle 5 C \WS8%>&F $1.OO* Flowered design Cinch Belt, &
fc . ao dozea Shei "Empire B.ck- Combs in an S^f^^^tf Webstfr's flan 1y Dlctioniry #2© will wear a long time. Lead Pencils, prr dozen 5o WZW * . «y iiz:, $/.O0. *5
» assortment ot new ini flssiraoie sty u», \mm%?lM$hei-- Schro! Ka " s ' «lcoth. . ..25g to 45© The 20c, 10-inch size for. 12c Pens, many kinds, dozen 5? \WW- Vi'.w Be oks— Of San Franc!«co and surround- '5
» finishid and gooi weight, regular wiue 35c [mESSS 1 * 1 §g|§^ r ' s Students' Ncti Boks 5cand/^c The 30c, 12-inch size for 22G Bank Stock Note Books.. 5c ani IOC \»f ings, many »tyle« 25o to $3.OO ««
tf «cb, on tpecu! « e Monday only JQq X&S&f! WF >f\ Knapsacks ... 45o, 75C, $1. OO Tte 40c, 14-inch size for 3^ C Spelling Blanks (bank stock) 5ff, IQo //$?' JJ — — — -J
£ \5w[} / i^/^- ' ... . j7^^^ ' Safety BeltSm $
jf _»» f+t m«» O/S** • —m w*^^r — .-¦ 1 '1 *>* ii 1. u ¦ 1 . . — ~"^^ '^—J^SS^^ - 50 pain Ladies* Black and Colored Satin Safety 1*
ft* rtnO txiOVBS mfUUm — — x * BdtSt regular price 50c pair, on o _ 5
IfgSg? Straw Hats, Sale Boys' School Suits. w Spe ?! a L > S3 ' e . £*£*?— ff ; %
I 'nfLo^t \X \W One-Quarter OfT. -. m~ m M . „ , «- . Wash Goods. \*OoTmm Kwttlo 97* *
$¦"*- t\ rsJJ&Wt/ « c r m^- % &¦£! M» \L A Bag Deal Closed . » F k^u. M G^ k . lri v^^ w 5ft"iC |
S S-% / , .g^r^K^y !K ontay; .nd d-nng JSSBga \*J - MB .I. m M-B— ."oitmott of patttin. .ixl colon, tht hijh \ A J <fay only 6 to. of "5
* Sra;,; fitted and Crash J Hats ¦ - L kffl 'T^ Set. '^5
J, ¦ our special price, g|^J\UU W' is h Sai or Caps ;%f£l|||g%> '' I" \ i'J rj J one of the best makers in the country. Every F 27c *
5 New 1 E^ni« ' FrTch g~Te J^"oV?Sd rnceT^^ I W W\ " S HT' f 1 M ° M"**O f5C. ' 5 ?=£ |
S kit skin gloves with 3 patent fastrnsrs ani Men's Straws in thc Fedora and Stiff Brim /l\ 7" IL V the very best of School Suits, and good enough On Monday you can buy at the big f tore these £3f*OG@ff*i&Sa '5
5 P^ris point backs: all pomlar shades fcr street ttyles— If \ NJ II for dress occasions. It cost more than our sale , fol > r pieces, of popular music, pubUh-d at ~*. , ,\_ ,, /¦•,5»
K »ni dreVs wear; perfection of fit and finish; $1.00 Hat, 75<3 $*-5° Hats 1\ ' U V prices to make them. 5 oc copy, sold every <!ay by us <f g- TtC best, and the best Only, find X
f an extra value at tftfff/1 l»-*5 Hits «4o $1.85 Hats \ -^=JQJ - : : - **H% * ***** shelf room here. No customer of the •{
It &I-&U $2.00 Hats $1.50 ... f \\ £?~~^G Bays' $3 mOO School Suits, S1 98— AV- "Carolina March and Two-Step." big store's grocery department has ever J*
tC Boys* Straw Sailors in a I colors, w:dth8^of I I wool mit rh , s ; colorings and patterns, doub'e-brcasted tf - AO /Ohio March -and Two-Step." r j; MTlnn ; n t«? in nmlitir Ctm- 2
$ Two Baraains in b^^^?^^*^*SfflS l i lckets ard i»« p.n^ «»«¦ «» ass . s » i 5 years, -*&«:$ Mm &8 F S^ the Autumn I f aves Arc f dlsapp 7 tcd , qaabty - 1 Our 5
I Dress Seeds. WSSSIM iliyli^^^^^^PpS: g^ffifll
i 36-inch A!!.Wool Orariie Suiting-New goods ]£ ffg J1.50 Sat" trmmed " d ™ d * to s>a^ h " d w " r ' siz " 8 to l6 &2 MS DrGSS E^dingS, * BWmcy-bBCk proposition if you want J
* for tummer and early faU wear, ten popular J JC H ats 57© 5i.oo.Hats &1>50 years, on ,sa e at a 5 dozen pieces 4 -yard black Corduroy Bind- «' Monday we Will offer: X
5 co'orings, reseda, ces'or, bbcuit, old rose, |a. 5 o H*U $1 88 '¦ BoyS* $5 O0 School Suits* $3 48— Attractive designs in all-woolen p'aWs in^, rgular valce 20; piece, on n Be^t Eastern Hams— Sugar ctireJ; the sweet, %
H nio-e brown, gray, cadet, royal and a shades Boys' Wash Siil r Caps — In white rfuck or and stripes, a'so p'ain blue Thw.ts and Se-ge-, sizes 8 to 16 years, 4&^f SB S3* special sa'e Monday SLfG mild cure, regu ai price ifclb, m **
J^ of navy; this pretty weave will be very much uncy crash: 50c C.pj now 38c* 7S C exceptional pood value at $5.00, m si'e at. . .' m W%9 Brush Edgl D.cs Binding, with velveteen Monday only 13j>C -*
* in demand this coming season; it is suitable now S7Cj $i-©<> Caps now 75O* Boys' $5 00 and r $6OO LotlQ ' PatttS Suits? $398— We heading, 8c qujiity, only a few shides on Shredded Whole Wheat Biscuit— An excellent 3«
for school and street wear, a special pur- f*5 ¦- -j-.-..* ¦.-•*¦ w ;n o g- cr cnr j n g thh sale a sclecton of ten ot this season's newest styles, all made and hand, on tpe.ial ta:e Monday only, -^ ' tr-akfas: food regular l«c packaee Mon •*
S>* chase of icoo yards wiU be on sa'e trimmed in the best pofs : ble manner, .size! I z to 19 years, regular ft*f2 Of? rd * wC day " ' tfl ~ *
I sSS ltth£Surtris:ng 43c Special Sale of l5 -°° and «""'*««..• :...... y^*yo Photos S3 yz^^f^'-'rvti^ 1 ?* %
1 35 T^:^^StSSSe7 Wt B h rf* a Boxe8 ' Garpets, Rugs anst Furniture. ™<f °< r mm S $
$ Mon^y om y **<SC ° hc5C Ktr heav j , . oo Tapcslry Brussels Carpets, with borders to match^ov,; ...... ..72 O Sf^SfiSS in 5 »b tin, , hat sell regularly 54- Tach, J
$ « 7T~^ T~ 1-cqne.ed Bittd jj ;»" p^AO !| 9°c Tapestry Brussels Carpets, with borders to match; now 9 ...65o per dczsn.. &*% gift ."1^^ LlVv^niv ** 5
| Baby Carriages *»»*££ S :: tJ Z^^ *° c ° f inir a ms-Nobb y and \s&k &^h now .%%% &&* UU T*£ <™ e » Mond . y " y ; : S3.OO %
% and GO C arts Monday only at 6oc qua'ity of Infrain Carpets -A good assortment of patterns now .. ,40o ' nr sm a o c- Salmon— Choice A'aska, Monday jf
New 19O1 StvleS. about one - th;rd Iej » thin theIr real va ' u !r $ l -S<> Axminstcr Carpets— Roral, Persian and Oriental effects/i c ¦' ' • --'TOHOt'SuppueS ¦ 3 tins 25o *
k new ««#i «jijr*c,9. 6o lf z :> l*Z£%iy> '^:--'5b2 P atterns to b= c ' osrd out Et • $f.OO tor Traveling. !5SS*^§iS§?^^l?SS '
5f • /^^^JK ooc'ir-,' I7xii>|xio inches.'.". ..Beg $ I sOO R-Xbury Tapestry . Carpets; now. 85C Hair Brushes— Pure Bristles stock, solid back * jl
g f-^^^K 8 5 C q ualit X of Linoleum— Tile, delft blue and Oriental designs, width • • 25c A H Unparalleled -J
J» ' . e^^^^^l ¦ 1 z <ect ; now> ? cr squarc yard • 65c J 00 . th t^ u:hc '~^ ure [ r t ::t k » good qua ity 1t ' c Dictionary Offer m *
* "fe^ t^^S^B^* $i®tiOn&* Mattings-Art desigts full standard quality, doubl: dye, regularly -. Brocms- Sea Vast, pocket' riUWfdS GUmHi %*% 1>S+ 5
*I }$WUi$MwWrfr¥ n rh,k Rn«h Tt* Skht Rindin* vard fit- sold for 30c per yard; now 22iC Hern Combs-l» fe -iw, durabls fOo ZJMBMjf %P*Jm4Z%Bb S
i JmSm^mtl/ 1 c^n B S Knf do"- n S S- Sm y rna D "^— FriR g ed b3th ends - reversible Oriental and Persian Shos Po hhias Cutfit-Po : i,h and uoisher 50D Webs<e.-'s Unabridged-The dictionary %
£ X^^WWlMryK Dress Shields-Lip'ht weight Ao 'rubber: /Oo designs, size 60x30 inches; special, now. SI, 25 r ••,;.••• Vf 'VV'i 2 .Z° th « ha '» or T«« been the authority .<«
h f^ii y^r^^^WTV// A "On and Off D-ess "Shields — For thirt «3* - o #- -^ **s* * Evans Llsrtnt!:d Tooth Soep. lOo ontht English language; complete with an ."1
S "aits 25c SpeQi&l Furniture Offerings. vioietToiktAnniona-s Lbotde... /5o . _^=sS»J «" «p?k- I
V F*a(herbone-CovtVed,"ailco;r;; yard.'. fOtS Golden OaK Hatrnck— With a French plate mirror and umbrella lda'ine Lilac Balm -Remove tan cr sunhurn "= ntof "»« }*
I n ;- d ' w - h f -50; now. $6.50 i'vL^z^-&£^?j& m^0i0g&% %
£ V7 / \y xLd&* ?' 1, n™Z, l! k?iroic™";«rS Bedroom SuH of 3 pieces, made of selected ash; bureau has fine . . Requa's Tilet Pumlc I -convenTnt 8 ize...5o -J^^fiSp^* - %T \S pronouncin B '5
v ¦= er o bevchd glass 18XX4 inches; specia 1 , now SSa^friSQ Lambitt s List. nne— Pocket size 2OC 15^ ftF T Gazetteer of O T
Whitney Baby Curiajcs and Go Carts are fa- Ba ; b VurV ioo' 'yard' Lken' ThVead-Spoou . Parlor Table— Golden Oak, size of top I 8X1 8 "inches," Wit'h a VheT Complexion Soap- rose nvlk... &*&* f lj L thc W <**>$
* moas the world over. -There are none bet- W . , v * 4*f nti • 3 CaUos 1Dc Q°n%J- H Jfe with names «
ft ter m4de and very few as goad. We have p " " ' '/'' W',' n iu #«« dciow &KmW Atomizer— Continuous spray, for to ; let use tl IB cf j<,ooo f
| just received , carload of ne. style Baby f^ZS^^^^^i^ Qaartewd 0»k RoektT-Highly polished, »ddl e .«., worth ..,...,.. ..... 4 "O J
K Carr.ages from thu griat fac'ory, the styles r 250 $S' OO > special, now . §3.75 Rubbe * Drln la S Cups— Carry in picket tSO S^^JJ 3 [ biognphi c 1 1 5
* f0rI 9 01 - Jhe Big Store carries the largest SafVty"Pins-NickelVd','3" 8 iVe;,'do z en;..3o Iron Bed— With spring and top mattress and 2 p Hows' ' any 'tize; • Tiaveing Rolls-Canjasandleathrr, fitted « Jv.fe U » dictionary J
X of InW Vehicles on the coast. Cub/pins-Biack and colored, ioocount.5© special this week P .SS^S ***"*' fr ° m 5# ' G ° '' 325 '°° B J| confining S
J^ The Baby Carnage in pi.ture has a full-sizs M, n^i m - Ti,.,,. w ; «L special, tins wcc*. nP&m^Sn» n i-'h nearly io.ooo J*
$ -^r, ho^ top, is fuUy upholstered .a £™ -g,^Vop^SiI^Xn".^^?- Mahogany-fin'shed Music Cabinet, with a door, a well-made, hand- SSSQQ6QlSa!S \ W « m « ° f not - 5
TurJush doth has un-steel wheels with Ladie .. Satin Co rdc i Buekle Belts 5<i n some piece of furniture; sptclal, now, at $4*25 #Ia«# B inon c C^^ fe^^^^ ed f" 80113 of S
If patent dustproof hubs and tf#? _— L .d:es' Patent Leather and Seal Belts...i?5o Bed Lovnjes— Upholstered Velours and Tapestr'es in an assort- K**SU B-ilBVn&. .. « acicnt tad 5
» rootbreak compete; our pnee. 9Ot0V Horn Hair Pins— Amber and black, do»./4*o ment of attractive colors worth < 1 2 oo • snecial now «7 5T*S 550 yards Standard Shestinj— Nine qua-t:rs, -^-—--7 J®^^^ modern jj
«f Otter Styles Baby Carriages Ub ment ot attractive co;o.s, worth special, now &7.T& the width for double beds, a gooi, heavy times; illustrated with colored plates and 3000 J
* /;Tom FoM{ni B:d— Ornamented with a large French p ate mirror.and • q uaity without dressing; a small lot (550 text illustration*; bound in fVl law .heep, jf
J»* * _» i B ., brackets, best qua. ity of springs, worth $27.50; special, now $!9m75 yards) on sale Monday only, per yard. /So with pitrn: thumb index. In fact, the gen- .J
J, 3?~ • > J We are a'si in re- # S&pG&try fOfwiCrOS : '. . : Pillcw Casing— 1040 yards only of an e.Tcrl- un: Webstsr's Unabridged 510.00 Dlcton- -»
I (I Z°o£% *2'28,*3<83 $4.32. , Sample Lamps. Berry Bowl, Me. ffiCp^JS^^f^ %
$ llHflll more than so dil- T }" ™Y U " US « al chance to buy We have made a . fortunat:purch , sefrom -^ZZkzZr^ This ' one of two „ _, \ ' — - „ In conjunction with the above we off.r the ce!- S
*" AlLl 111 ierent style., good Tapestry Porueres, much under ,h e , ge nt of on= of the largeat iamp tactoriai .C^^W^W^^' stvIes °f fi ne imi- 2JO HanaKBrChlefS IMO «*!» ed Harvard Dictionary Stand, as in pic- £
ft!* ?^§f^tilMffl among them the price, is for Monday only. We have in the worid of his advanc: sample line of tition cut-glass For Monday only — 200 dozen Fine Sheer t '? re ' cac tides; — ,J
i YOTWflftli?/^7>. o"" 11^'"^- divided a special purchase of qc pairs Lampi In latest designs and decorations. This NWMMfWil/ Berry or Icr- Lawn. Swiss, Scallope^, Embroidered nickel center rods; Mli^tp^K %
*•* Idl UWFi »ir\/ A tUrC> Whlch WC inm Inf- yj r a g e nt finished his trip a:rcss the United State! N^M^jS^T Cream Bowls, S rhr.dkerchitfs, prettv, d.inty pattern, our finished m e ther >
A,' /W,*»^Wa&. Y//1 havc mar:ceJ at I., 3 „ . ,. - in San Francisco with 100 .amp'.es on hand, anl ; nchc . ; n ar c anJ 2OC gradt3> on . bright _ god bronz; W1 ""-^j. - *
J» W££lillE!^tt$/j thc very low 3 ! L pairS .Pv tr y P ? rtl "«» fnngrd and rlthcr thai ta'ce them back sold us the en- dhmeter; the glass is very clear and highly special sa!e at ...; ISO or bn S ht J a ? in » «J
tf WWSnt&Xkl prke top and bottom, wUth 46 inches, in two f rs ] ot a t a bie rekct'on. Our price, will be poished, and the pric: reguarly 25c euh, . — " d « irtd 5 our V
*• r/te^+W/^-^' and /rfin Sir, P« pair; fpedal to-morrow.. Yillowstone Whiskjy, rye or bourbon; ths gen- SpndaiJuly If | I ¦ ji[ I •*
» VX*^ VS^"" F««* ?•? r Lot 2 ~37 P>'» Tapestr/ Portiere?, fringed top Skiff LlnliJCSS. to MB ' uine Taylor. & Wiliams; on special nle a 1 0 ft OP-For the 1 <MrmW> J
S'> Cart«-WtWl patent hub whe-, and « nd w^th S o inches, eight style, I$ pieces b a :k and colored (^w sh.«) U^BSS Lift lit^S. 'day Mo'^ay, bottle &***= la!ance ¦ of - thU S
S' Ss.r^fhub.and P Wbreak and color effect,; the k.nd that retail reg- Volre Vc our, waterrd fini.h. a good "Wtsilk"- A 3 6-inch cotton! lining, th, b:st ¦• :•• ; ¦ ¦ • &*»O5 - month, provided ./ff\. \
j, u.r,y at $5.00 and ft - _ weight and fine quality Skirt L'ning, 34 substitute -or taffeta silk, vard. .... 2 C A B C Boheman Ecer, p.nts. regu'arly |i. 5 o supp'.y »n hand ff V^ J
i P w'V 'r^r'.'ri. Th'fcn perpa ln spexiaVto-morrow. inches wide, reguarprce ao: yard, '-' Silk and Woo". Moitciu-Black and colon, c'orcn, oa Monday on y. .... ~ n ! ai ts, *e ma'« thh IB \\\ ? J
J Folding GO Carts-That can Lot 3-2 7 ;p.tn Tapestry Portieres, hve rty.ish on' ipecial «ie Monday only.'.. /4C yard .;...,... .....SO© •• &1.3Q wonderful ofir.ZL V^L— S
V be earned on streetcar m&&>m%*lM -patterns in all of the called for color effects; ¦ ' ¦ ****** Clarit Sale— Oar regular 40c > galton qua!hy Tne D ctionary, S J»
*f Parasols— To fit any ftyle Go Crt, ccmplete tome fringed top and bottom, others corded; '. ! ~ j '. ~ i '¦ '- ~ th.it is jo papu ar, on Moniiy 33 O QUl- $5-*S> the St»nd. <^— -. **
* with rod, ready toput on... *>* « — width 50 incheij regularly *»*?* Dr ' Carl Dshmel » OXftOrt Chiropodist and • misssur, on meuaninr floor, lott, or 5 - ffa! Ion £>* c n . $3.25-10^, . *3.S0; . unfl .— «
tf VH'lm* JO. 00 pair j specia 1 to-morrow adjoining I arber shop. Corns painlessly removed. Charges moderate. lots :. <2>*«OC/ August 1, 1901, both for... & f.OU $I didn't say anything about the acenery,
did I, Robert? Can any one tell me if
there was any scenery in "Hedda Gabler" T
As to Miss Bates herself aa Ibsen's
strangest heroine? I am not of those
who regard the part as the best in Miss
Bates' repertoire. Hers is wonderful
work, a strong conception, but It is not
the Hedda Gabler of Ibsen. Miss Bates
herself is too patently of the wholesome,
honest, normal sort of folk, ever fully to
merge her individuality into the decadent
complexities of Hedda's character. Her
brush is too broad, her colors too bright,
her lines too few and simple to paint
Hedda as Ibsen paints her. All the im
patient passion of the creature is there—
the resentment, the ghastly humor; but
the sickly half-lights that should tone
Into these are not found. Her method 13
too robust, patent, healthful in short. It
lacks the mephltic suggestion, the subtle
ty, the cold cunning of the mad thing that
Hedda is. yet ono gets grasp of the char
acter in grateful proportion even so. And
I want no more from Blanche Bates, for
the further insight that would carry her
into Hedda's heart could be obtained only
at the cost of that magnificent healthful
ness, that brilliant freshness that Is her
chiefest charm. For her generous effort
in -the play's " production there is only
praise, and one- can say to her only
"thank you" and "encore."
And as to the performance. "Hedda
Gabler" furnished several sorts of sur
prises as it was presented on Friday aft
ernoon, agreeable for the most part. Mr.
Ormonde's work was a revelation. As
Eilert Lovborg he showed a delicate pas
sion and poetry that lifted the part to
epical heights. It Is a case of absolute
Insight into the character, with a full
mastery of its technique and expression.
Albert Bruning. too, as Tesman, was
delightful. His dullness ' was almost di
vine; his quaint, maddening amiability
the most exquisite foil to Hedda's restive,
ambitions. Every short-sighted look
through his professor's glasses, every
opening of his foolish, good-natured
mouth, every word, every gesture,
splashed color on a portrait that could
not be improved upon. Campbell Gollan
was a satisfactory Assessor Brack, per
haps a little too obvious in hia methods.
Mrs. F. M. Bates made a lovable Aunt
Juliana, and Miss Mabel Howard might
have been stronger a3 Mrs. Elvsted. ;
The characters, outside of the heroine,
are conventional enough, the amiable
aunt— the only "nice" person In the play;
Tesman, Hedda's husband, a good na
tured fool: Ellert Lovborg, an amorist
and writer, formerly attached to Hedda
and later a Platonic lover of Mrs. Elv
sted; Mrs. Elvsted, a foolish little person
with a grateful mission to perform in
saving Lovborg. while incidentally sacri
ficing a somewhat ancient husband, and
Assessor Brack, the friend of the Tes
mans.who suggests, with an eye to profit
on the transaction, a menage a trols to
the bored wife — oh, they're a. charming
lot!
Hedda envies in that she has "had' her
fingers In a man's destiny." She la liar,
coward, thief and murderess In her mad
effort to pedestal herself among the "vine
leaves" she sees in Lovborg's hair, and
she won't pay the only price for the pe
destal—one moment's self-forgetfulnesa.
Hedda is mostly met with in spots luck
ily, the whole unhappy vdlume rarely
coming: together, but some of us have
met / her In all her bad glory. We've all
known the other folk, too, some In tho
exceptional moments of our lives, the
others in the every day crush.
It is stated that the Anti-Cigarette League gained more than 100,000 members during the
year ending June; 30, but it is safe to say that most of them are fellows who never tried a 'cigarette
and do not know what they, are leag-uing about. *'.•*'- ' - - ' . •.
The Philadelphia Record says the machine politicians have succeeded in so crippling the
Commercial Museum in that city^ that. several of its departments will have to be closed for lack
of funds. Such a report justifies us in congratulating ourselves; that the Pacific Commercial
Museum is not going to be subject to politicians. ',"
It would hardly be supposed that any, nation on the globe could. teach the British anything
about naval affairs, but in a recent speech in Parliament Lord Selbourne announced that it is the
intention of the Government _to. "establish a school of naval strategy such; as exists in the United
States." Uncle Sam has reached the point where he can teach his grandmother how to suck eggs.
OF the Epworth League Convention, now assembled in this city, San Francisco will long
retain pleasant memories. The thousands of delegates coming- from all quarters have
filled the streets with bright young men and young women, and have given, even to
the thoroughfares that are most habitually thronged, a measurable increase of activity
and animation ; and that, too, in spite of the fact that the delegates have not been in any *sense a
crowd of sightseers. ; Their time has been mainly spent in attendance upon'some of the numerous
meetings of the convention, and but little upon the streets.
From the first day the work of the convention 1 has been carried forward with vigor and
with remarkable success. The committee that has directed the arrangements merits high praise for
the excellence with which it performed its work. Every movement of the vast assembly has pro*
ceeded with the smoothness and precision of well-ordered machinery, and if there has been any
friction at all it has not been sufficient to attract notice or to cause discomfort.
A notable feature of the convention is the high order of oratory which has entertained as
well as instructed and exhorted the vast audiences. /An organization so well, disciplined for its
work and which has the support of so many "and such eloquent advocates cannot fail to increase
in power and in influence with the years. We can then look upon these earnest men and women
who will throng our churches to-day as among the most potent of the mighty forces which are
slowly but surely working out the problems of the moral advancement of mankind. In the con
sciousness of that fact we salute them not only as most welcome visitors but as co-workers with
all good men for the welfare of humanity.. , '. ;. ,, .¦-.¦• .-¦ . ¦ ' , •
OUR EPWORTH VISITORS.
ONLY a little while ago Mrs. Nation of Kansas was a national issue and a world-wide
curiosity. Minor judicial officers cringed under her sharp tongue like slaves under
the lash. Politicians looked at their compass and barometer every few minutes to see
on which side to get. They felt that there might arise in Kansas ."The Smashers'' as
a political party that hatchet in hand would hew its way to victory.
The Governor of the State tried to stand in executive erectness, and was reproved for not
joining Mrs. Nation by his own son, a pert lad, who draws regularly on his father for college
expenses.
Kansas has not been so stirred up since the days of John Brown and Jim Lane, ,pf Border
Ruffian and Free Soiler. If the spirit of Quantrell, the Lawrence raider, ever flits around the
scene of his pernicious activity its ghostly noddle must have been puzzled to see the difference in
principle between his way of solving problems and that of the petticoated smasher. The ven
erable Colonel Anthony of Leavenworth, whose stormy career has filled him so full of lead that'
if cremated in a smelter he would prove paying ore, found his tempestuous soul galloping like a
colt in his 85-year-old body at sight of another row and row-maker worthy of the most riot
ous days of his State, when he and Jennison the Jayhawker used to put in days shooting each
other from wagons, buggies, horseback and on foot. Even old Bender from his grave or his
hiding-place, as the case may be, must have felt that his special chapter in Kansas history was
in danger of obscuration. As the smasher approached a city the rulers thereof would treat with
her as in otter days the Mayor and council of cities from Peking to Tashkend used to treat with
Timour the Tartar, paying tribute to avoid loot.
Suddenly the whirlwind collapsed, the waterspout, burst, the earthquake ceased, the
hatchet gleamed no longer in the air and the sound of breaking mirrors was not. Mrs. Nation
was already half forgotten when from the summit of Mount Gilead, Ohio, came this news dis
patch:* "David Nation, husband of the famous Carrie Nation of Kansas, who is at the home of
"his daughter, Mrs. William Riddle, at Iberia, this county, has written the following to the pub
lic: Mrs. Nation has seen fit to leave our comfortable home in Medicine Lodge, Kans., and says
she will never return to it to live. Therefore there is nothing left for me to do but to live some
where else, as I am too old and feeble to live alone. I have decided to spend the remaining few
years allotted to me with my daughter, Mrs. William Riddle, in Iberia, Ohio. She takes good
care of me "in all my afflictions." • "~"
We cordially approve the course of Mrs. Riddle in this matter. But as David has taken
the public into his conjugal and domestic confidence why does he not give a ground plan of his
many afflictions? Is the-absence or the presence of Mrs. Nation among them? The particular
statement of his present address has a sort of "donations thankfully received" appearance. Anv
way David has waxed old and is tired, and Carrie has left their happy home at Medicine Lodge.
Making a business of reform for the sake of notoriety has some features that are not attrac
tive to the thoughtful mind. • ...
-DAVID IS TIRED.
Your third" question, Subscriber, is an
swered in the foregoing, and your fourth
will be recognized as unnecessary when
you remember that there are as many
"correct methods" calling- for recognition
as there are teachers.
A condition of the voice answering to
the register conception can, of course, be
brought about by the force of the sugges
tion if such be sufficiently insisted upon.
If you are constantly told that there is a
natural break between your E and P, the
break between those notes will not be long
in making its appearance: as infallibly as
it would happen that If one were con
tinually told'.that the tongue might rea
sonably refuse to pronounce the word
"cat" on account of some malformation
of that useful member the stutter at sight
of "cat" would make its suggested ap
pearance. By the same force of sugges
tion the created difficulty is smoothed
away, as when the pupil is told that by
the use of certain vocal gymnastics the
gulf in his voice can be bridged over, and
his natural intelligence reasserting itself,
the artificially created break does indeed
disappear. Voltaire once sardonically af
firmed to some pious priests who were
engaged in exorcising certain suspected
demons in some indisposed sheep, his be
lief that "incantations (and pills) would
cure any disease." His faith was evi
dently with the pills, but in the particular
matter of "registers" it is the Incanta
tions that count. The highest and lowest
notes should b* and are, when they be
come music, produced in exactly similar
fashion, including also, of course, the
notes of the middle "register."
As to the "register teaching." It is no
more a German fetich than an Italian
superstition. The mistake of arbitrarily
dividing the voice Into registers is not con
fined to any particular people, but flour
ishes wherever singers are taught to sing.
The method is a simple result of a false
mental conception, not of a natural, physi
ological law, and is one of those artificial
barriers erected by clever and dishonest
teachers (in those cases where it is not
the result of ignorance or empiricism) for
the sake of giving value to the expert as
sistance that they have to offer in the con
quering of the said difficulty.
Yes, Subscriber, there are superior re
sults to be obtained from one rather than
another system of voice culture. There
are two distinct methods in use, a bad one
and a good one, neither confined In their
exercise to Germany or Italy, not to speak
of Oakland. The human voice is the same
instrument the world over, from Paris to
Milpitas, its legitimate production the
same, and any one advertising a special
national brand of instruction in the art
is presumably a faker of the deepest dye.
It was to satisfy the eternal demand on
the part of the public to be fooled that the
fiist ingenious faker of the kind labeled
his goods Italian, or German, as the case
might be; as the artist in sardines trust
ingly titles his goods In the Gallic stylo
In spite of the patent fact that if France
were founded on sardines, mountained
with the flavorsome hors d'oeuvres arid
her shores washed by a sardine sea, she
would yet be unable to supply all the sar
dines ascribed to her that the world an
nually consumes.
A correspondent inquires: v
First— In voice cultivation are there superior
results to be obtained from any one method?
That Is, has the German method anything to
offer in results superior to the Italian and
per contra?
Second— Is not the general "register teach
ing" recognized a German specialty?
Third— Are not equal results obtained by
producing the voice in an even gamut from
the highest to the lowest notes without special
instruction as to the three registers?
Fourth— Is the latter idea recognized as the
correct method to-day?
At St. Dominic's Church, corner of Bush
and Stelner streets, there will be special
music this evening at 7:30 under the direc-
Uon of Franklin Palmer. The programme
is as follows: Chorus, "Ave Verum"
(Gounod): tenor solo. "St. Paul" (Men
delssohn), Frank Onslow; contralto solo
and chorus, '/Agnus Dei" (Rossini), Miss
Ella V. McCloskey and choir; bass solo,
"Creation" (Haydn). J. C. Hughes; tenor
solo. "The Holy City" (Adams), D. M.
Lawrence; soprano solo and chorus, "In
ftammatus" (Rossini). Miss Marion Har
don and choir: "O Salutaris" G. M. Deth
ier; "Adoro Te," Dethier; bass solo and
chorus, "Tantum Ergo" (Widor), Walton
Webb and choir; organ selections by
Franklin Palmer— Sonata Op. 108 Fan
tasie (Rheinberger), Organ Symphony No.
5, Allegro Vivace (Widor), Traumerei
(Schumann), Berceuse (Franklin Palmer),
Marche Solenelle (Mailly).
session. August 5. He will teach piano
forte, vocal music and harmony.
KELLY and Grimmins have made good their boast that they could £wing the Republican
State Committee to the support of their gang in local politics. The committee met yes
terday, and was made up mainly of proxies. It went through the form of listening to
arguments on behalf of the two sides to the controversy, and then, within five minutes
after the arguments closed, one of Kelly's members, McKinley of Los Angeles, drew from
his pocket and read a type-written set of resolutions setting forth that argument had been heard
and judgment given in favor of Kelly's gang.
The open revelation of the fact that the. bosses had drawn up a decision in their own favor
not only before the committee had heard argument, but even before it met, did not disconcert the
holders of a majority of the proxies. Notwithstanding the fact that the reading of a written de
cision on the question within a few^minutes after argument had been heard made every one laugh
at the rawness of the work' of the bosses, the majority of the committee stood by the programme
and adopted the decision that had been written for them.
In accomplishing this work the slum bosses have had some powerful allies. Governor Cage
was not at the meeting, nor was John C. Lynch, but the State patronage was represented by
W. F. X. Parker, expert of the State Board of Examiners, and by the water front push;, while the
Federal brigade was represented by Jacob Shaen of the Appraiser's office. Of course Herrinwas
not there, but he has now been so long and so closely identified with Martin Kelly that his pres
ence is no longer needed to indorse the boss. For many a day it has been known that wherever
Kelly Went the Herrin was sure to go.
Doubtless the bosses will claim the action of the State Committee as a great victory. There
was rejoicing in the slums and in the homes of Herrin and Gage last night Once more, to use
John Randolph's famous phrase, the combination of "the Puritan and the blackleg" had won out,
and all the predatory classes that do. politics for coin and who break into the Republican party for
about the same reasons that. a burglar enters a bank had their night of hilarity and triumph.
The victory is not going to do them much good. The primaries will not be run this year
by Kelly's toughs at Herrin's dictation. The elections are to be conducted under the law, and in
spite of the scheme of the bosses, the rank and file of the party will elect delegates to the con
vention and nominate honest candidates. ' ¦
The issue is squarely presented now to the better elements of the Republicans of San Fran
cisco. All the bosses are in alliance. Their hypocrisy has b'een thrown aside and they are acting
now openly and defiantly in opposition to the traditions of the party and every principle of local
self-government in party affairs. If any new incentive has been needed to rouse good men to or
ganize and work for honest politics that incentive has now been furnished. Kelly and Herrin and
Crimmins and Gage have done their- worst. From this time on every point in the conflict should
end in a complete victory for honesty and genuine Republicanism.
Born bad, or mad, possessed of the devil
of self to the remotest corner of her con
sciousness and compelled \ further to a
special insanity by the prospect of. be
coming mother to a child whose father
she lothes, Ibsen's ' passionate pervert Is
the weirdest of psychological heroines!
She has an unappeasable craving for pow
er, with the most limited tools for its ex
el else. She has a pagan love of beauty
and the beautiful ever flies her touch.
Everything in her hands turns "vulgar
and mean," the inalienable characteris
tics of her own soul. She lacks the last
efficiency of even her feminine fascina
tion, and is bitter to the quick by the con
sciousness. • Even the little fool, who ia
yet generous in her folly, Mrs. Elvsted,
"Hedda Gabler" is not a "nice" play.
One does not like the particular slice ol
life Ibsen exploits here. His people are
folk one would willingly walk three times
around £he block to miss, and the play
itself is among its author's most obscure
efforts. It is truth, oh, yes! but truth
that one would glady cut if one could. II
is a naked chunk of life cut Quivering
from the body politic with all its vital
deeps and angles' left raw to the sight
No moral purpose Is served by the' play,
no lesson taught, no problem advanced.
Ibsen seems for once neither to be as
sailing conventional "pillars of society,"
knocking down "dolls' houses," or raising
"ghosts" for our soul's benefit His mor
bid heroine Is presented "without excuse
or explanation for her being, ¦ save that
she is, has been and always will be. It is
a pure experiment in portraiture, brilliant
and vivid, art for artls sake, and withoul
further Justification. - The character is toe
strange not to be true. That the authoi
has not seen fit to exchange truth f 01
vralsemblance is explanation of the an
gles that constantly, offend the conven
tional dramatic sense. 7 s .
It Is a far cry from "The White Heath
er" to "Hedda Gabler," yet to our credit
we have also had the latter play in the
week's repertoire. To Miss Blanche Bates'
unselfish devotion to her art, our valued
opportunity of hearing the Ibsen drama
is 'owing, and we cannot be sufficiently
grateful therefor. And there is no need
to hang heads about the audience that
greeted Miss Bates and her ponfreres on
Friday afternoon at the Columbia Thea
ter. It was a crowd that felt and fol
lowed every whisper and sense of the
play, a crowd economical of its breath
and forgetful of Its feet, an intimately
appreciative crowd that filled every chair
and corner in the theater. One can only
pray that occasion may soon arise to.
draw again such another audience to the
theater but echo and the managers an
swer, "No, sir!"
Did you see the play, Robert? Perhaps
you saw "The Great Ruby" last year by
the same authors. If so, imagine all the
things that did not happen in "The Great
Ruby" and you'll find them in "The
White Heather." The villain scales the
skies in "The Great Ruby," the big scene
being a balloon ascent with either hero
or villain done to death in an aerial duel.
In "The White Heather" the villain is
found wallowing in sin in a diving suit
at the bottom of the sea. In "The Great
Ruby" the hero sails In triumphantly on
a coal black charger; In "The White
Heather" he scorches triumphantly across
the stage on an "automobile" — no back
numbers for Messrs. Raleigh & Hamilton,
you see. They have exploited in the two
plays the heavens above, the earth be
neath and the waters under the earth. The
mise-en-scene of their next effort ¦will ac
cordingly be of unusual interest— probably
a case of getting off the earth altogether.
Twelve scenes "The White Heather"
boasts, and like "The Great Ruby" is a
very pretty picture drama, but that is
its sole and insufficient ralson d'etre.
A PERSON calling herself Robert
J. Sinclair, who may be a very
nice girl for all I know, writes to
complain of a criticism of E. J.
Morgan that appeared last week
in this paper. Further, she objects to Mr.
Emery of the Alcazar being criticised un
favorably for his conception of Careless
in "The School for Scandal." and aisom
quires what novice hand condemned the
work of Theodore Roberts. "
As to Theodore Roberts, Miss Robert,
his work has not been condemned in thes ®
columns, but has been accorded the mgn
praise due the efforts of a conscientious
and gifted actor. Mr. Roberts struck the
one note of reality In the absurd carpenter
show that Frawley gave us this last
week, and I think, If you refer to Tues
day's issue of The Call, you will find tnat
such was said. You have mixed your pa
pers, Robert. About Mr. Emery's Care
less, though mine is not the particular
"novice hand" that filed the objection to
his work, I am bound to say that I auite
agree^wUh the other fellow. Mr. Emery's
Careless Is by no means up to Mr. Em
ery's standard. Careless was a gentleman
with all his faults, not a clown, and the
part Is completely out of key with the
spirit of the play as it is misconceived at
the Alcazar. T n Careless* day even^ the
"scientific and- passionate drunkard," as
Gautier phrases it, took his manners to
the tavern with him, and Careless was not
that. It was "By're leave, sir." when you
pinked your^rival, or dropped under the
table after an all-night toast to the reign
ing belle, and the courteous Careless can
by no manner of means be conceived as
becoming a boor, even though he had
drunk to every lass In the category of
contemporary charmers. Yet*Mr. Emery
makes him so. f nd if you like It that way
it's all right, but you must not expect me
to agree with you.
As to Mr. Morgan in "The Whit© Heath
er," the critic seems to have chosen a
rather involved form of compliment in
poking fun at him, which, Robert, it Is
probably not all your fault that you
could not discover. Mr. Morgan is a good
actor, an actor who has done big things,
therefore, an actor who looked particu
larly foolish in trying to act a fool part
in a fool play. Still, as he found himself
there by neither our— the audience's —
deed, nor yet wholly through Mr. Fraw
ley's doing, it was, perhaps, his duty to
look as pleasant as possible under the
trying circumstances and act in the key
of contemptuous good nature in which
the rest of the. company ambled through
the play In . question. But Mr. Morgan
was painfully out of place, felt so and
looked it. and, moreover, didn't seem to
care ,if we knew it, though his work at
the Fame time was distinguished by all
its usual ample intelligence. Possibly
the actor did better service to his art
thereby in declining to announce himself
delighted with the role of a sawdust
dummy than was done by Theodore Rob
erts in the same paint-pot drama, ¦when
the latter galvanized into reality the per
haps more plausible figure assigned to
him. But it's a question. Though we all
do the occasional "pot-boiler," there Is no
discernible advantage in so labeling it.
It is not respectful to the purchaser for
one thing, who prefers hia chalk and
water temptingly ticketed "Jersey
cream." though he knows and we know
that he knows we know that the mild
"moo" of the gentle Jersey has been far
from the milk bucket so scheduled. And
that, I think, is what your critic meant
to say— that Morgan Is a big actor with a
bad part; and, though he does it well, as
he cannot help, will yet not pretend he
thinks it worth while doing. Now, is that
so great crime to be accused of, Robert?
May you never be arraigned for more!
A PIECE OF RAW WORK, " ,
Professor Hermann Genss has accepted
a call to the directorship of the Irving
Institute Conservatory of Music and as-
Bumes charge at the beginning of the new
.
At tbe request of many musical people,
Dr. H. J. Stewart has arranged to give
two organ recitals before his departure
for Boston. The recitals will be given at
Mechanics* Pavilion on the Stanford me
morial organ and will take place on Sat
urday afternoon. July 27. and Monday
•vening, July 29. Dr. Stewart's pro
grammes will be selected from those
flayed by him at the Pan-American Ex
position, Buffalo. ¦;¦;.•
The organ solos of Mr. W. F. Skeele
have also added greatly to the interest of
the festival. To-morrow evening's pro
gramme will be largely given over to an
organ recital by Mr. William B. King.
Before talcing leave of convention af
fairs, I should like again to compliment
the leaders of the various choruses on
their work. To Mr. Robert Husband. Mr.
Isaac E. Blake. Mr. J. M. Robinson, Mr
W. C Stadtfeld, Mr. F. C. Bacon, Mr. J.
J. Morris, Mr. J. C. Hill and Mr. C. M.
Vesper large credit is due for the success
ful issue of the league concert; also to
Mr. W. B. King for his excellent work as
accompanist, and to Mrs. F. J. Murdock
as pianist of the occasion.
I should like also to make reparation
here for another unfortunate suggestion
that appeared in the same criticism. As
it was worded it reads that the Stanford
organ, for which I have before an
nounced my unbounded respect, "speaks"
two seconds after striking. It should
read that by reason of the difference in.
altitude of console and organ proper, also
their distance from each other, the
sound is two seconds — as nearly as I
could gauge It— In traveling back to the
audience after the note is struck. A
vastly different thing. The actual differ
ence between note and answer as proved
by actual experiment is only a fraction
of a second. All organists will under
stand the full import of this. All round,
as I have before said, it is impossible to
Judge the organ in its present environ
ment. It is voiced, its volume of tone
gauged for a comparatively small room
to begin with. Were its full power al
lowed It would fill every farthest corner
of the Pavilion. It Is one of the best In
struments I ever heard, and that such
an organ can be built in California is of
the utmost artistic importance. Mr. Har
ris should build a good organ. He is a
great enthusiast in his work and has a
crew of workmen who are all more or less
Btradivariuses in their line. I don't see
why Los Angeles should not ' be the fu
ture Cremona of the organ. The Stan
ford organ is certainly a hopeful effort
in the direction.
? • •
It seems that in my Tuesday notice of
the Epworth League concert I paid un
witting compliment to the Juanita Quar
tet of Chicago, ascribing to them the
sweet strains of the second selection of
the clever Park sisters, but the truth of
the matter Is that. In my perambulations
around the Pavilion to get the effect of
the organ and chorus from different
points. I missed the announcement of the
Juanita Quartet's non-arrival, heard only
the opening notes of "The Holy City" and
fled. "The Holy City" is without the pale,
beyond the limit of my sympathies, and
I simply won't listen to it at any price,
and that is how the mistake arose. But
I don't mind Baying that the Park girls'
unique performance would go far to make
even "The Holy City" tolerable. As a
musical curiosity, and a really enjoyable
one at that, this quartet of fair cornetists
is in the foremost rank. They obtain a
delicacy *nd grace of effect that is not
usually associated with their instrument
and phrase and color with strong musical
feeling. Technically also the perform
ance of these clever girls is quite unus
ually good and all around they are de
cidedly one of the attractions of the con
vention.
As to our very patent limitations. Of
the prospects cf a symphony orchestra it
Is of but little use to talk. The matter Is
in the irritating condition common to the
inception of the symphony in all new cit
ies. Ther«? are some small indications of
a renewed activity In orchestral direc
tions. It is true, but not yet of sufficient
importance to warrant rdvertisement.
The chorus is another story. If Paul
Eteindorff comes out alive at the other
end of the Tivoli grand opera season it is
reasonable to suppose from certain plans,
that I will latti exploit, that we shall
eoon have a chcrus here that will go far
to fill the present gap in our choral equip
ment. Mr. Steindorffs plan is an unusual
but not wholly new one. It has been tried
with success la New York, among other
places, end the chorus thus formed was
ultimately relied upon to furnish much of
the operatic and choral material needed
In the various musical functions of the
city. More inon.
As to * hall fit for large concerts, there
is none in the city. Sherman & Clay Hall.
Golden Gate Hall and the Native Sons'
Hall are ail well fitted for the giving of
the smaller concerts and recitals, but,
barring the Metropolitan Temple, there is
here no hall large enough for the or
chestral or choral concerts. The Mechan
ics' Pavilion, except for convention con
cert purposes. Is absolutely impossible,
and It would really seem a paying invest
ment for some one to bund, not the favor
ite new opera-house that perennially
makes its appearance on paper and which
we can do well enough without, but a
music hall for the accommodation of the
Sousas, Strausses and Scheels that hap
pen along our way. Not only such or
ganizations, but the world-famous solo
ists could be relied on for patronage— the
Godowsky», Pafierewskis, Carrenos, Tre
bellis, Ysaye» and people of that ilk, who
are now compelled to engage the theaters
as the only places large enough to accom
modate their audiences. The music hall
ehould also have a good pipe organ as an
indispensable musical adjunct, and, fur
ther, as another source of revenue from
the recitals on the instrument. That such
a hall would not here end its usefulness
may be readily imagined, and It is to be
hoped that the almost certain pecuniary
success of the venture will shortly per
suade some public spirited citizen to In
vest thus some of his idle capital.
There Is the usual questioning as
to why we have here no oratorio society;
why there is no fitting house of sons in
the city; why the large organ, so essential
to chorus accompaniment, is conspicuous
by :ts absence from available halls, and,
lastly, why there is no symphony oiches
tra to add the final grace to the great
choruses in which man has hymned his
God» On the other hand, the Ep worth
League concerts have proved again that
there is here all the vocal material neces
sary for the grand chorus; that the musi
cal spirit is abundantly present; t'.iat we
have organists and leaders fully capable
of their work. aDd, further, that we can
build an excellent organ within the State
lines— a showing not to be despised for a
fifty-year-old youngster of a city.
f ¦ i HE city in. the midst of its moral
I spring cleaning: Is now also expe-
I rlencing the customary musical
I change of heart that follows
A the biff religious conventions.
THE SAS? FRANCISCO CAOLL, SUNDAY, JULY 21, 1901.
Bu Guisard.
SOME STRONG AND WEAK POINTS,
Open to Criticism and Comment,
OF PLAYS AND THE PLAY ACTORS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D.-SPRECKELS. Proprietor. - . Address Communications to W. S.^LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ..;......................................... '......;.... ......:......... .'.'...- ..:v...... JULY 21, 1901
«- _ . . ; ;
Publication Office «gCj|gpaftffiife> Market and Third, S. F.
Bu Blanche PartinotOD.
TEMPLE OF MUSIC MORE NEEDED
for Attainment of Higher Life
THAN THEATER OR SKYSCRAPERS.
• •
• «
* *
18
Yeast— Wonder what's become of that
Mrs. Nation. We don't hear so much or
her smashing things now.
Crimsonbeak— Oh, I suppose trie poor
woman had to give up something during
Lent.— Tonkers Statesman.
On sale July 20 and 21, the Union Pacific Rail-
road will sell round trip tickets to Chicago,
good for 60 days, at rate of $72 50. D. TV. Hitch-
cock. General Agent. . 1 Montgomery: st., Saa
r . \ - . r .... _.
Chicago and Return $72.50.
Cheap Hates for Epworth. Leaguers
and Their Friends.
The Bants. Fe will sell low rate tickets to all
points, July 12 to August 15 Inclusive, to hold-
ers of Epworth League tickets and friends ac-
companying them. Call at Santa Fe office, 641
Market street, or ferry depot.
The Santa F« to Merced and stage thence
via Merced Falls, Coulterville, Haiel Green,
Merced Big Trees, Cascade' Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon. This is the most popular route
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar-
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Best "Way to the Yosemite.
Ob July 21 the Santa Fa will make a. special
excursion, |40 for the round trip, from San
Francisco to the Grand Canyon of Arizona.
Leaving San Francisco at 9 a. tn. on the 22d
you arrive at the Canyon for supper the 23d.
In all the world there is no place like this,
the grandest of nature's man-els. Towering
mountains, mighty chasms, rushing waters,
crevices, the home of ancient cliff dwellers,
all painted by the brush of nature In colors
beautiful. Ask about it at the Santa Fe office,
611 Market street
Grand Canyon* Excursion.
Everything pertaining to th» New World
may be easily and cheaply seen at the Pan-
Atnerican Exposition, and the best way to
get to Buffalo is by the comfortable trains
of tbe Nickel Plate Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars, In which are served Amer-
ican Club meals from 25c to Jl each. Book
free, showing pictures of exposition buildings.
Hotel accommodations reserved. JAY YPV
ADAMS. P. C. P. A., 37 Crocker building,
Baa Francisco. Cal.
Are You "Of the Old World"?
A girl's best friend will tell you more to
the girl's disadvantage in a minute than
you can learn from her avowed enemy in
a week. :'-¦.'.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Selling out Al eyeglasses and specs, 10c
to 40c; look out for 81 4th, front barber. ?
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
BKATSCHINSKI I
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., |
10 THIRD ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
PARENTS, AnENTION! 1
PRICES CUT THIS WEEK ON BOYS'
AND MISSES' SHOES. I
Vacations are hard on ahoes. and I
T t^^^r SC ? 00L WILL SHORT- I
LY OPEN the youngsters have to K
be shod. Now. why not buy dur- B
able shoes when you are about It. H
We have a Une that cannot be bea; U
and we have cut the price for this m
week only. Boys' Tannery Calf i
Lace Shoea, coin toes and tips. |
heavy double* soles, with quilted ||
bottoms and strengthened .by an H
outer row of steel circlets, and ev- H
ery pair guaranteed. Widths C to I!
Youths' sizes. 11 to 2 81.3O 5
Boys' sizes, 2% to V/i »1.55 I
¦ lyliWySaL mS HIF *tm J3
Misses' and children's solid wear- H
Ing Box Calf Lace and Button J
Shoes, coin toes and tips, durable 1
soles and spring heels. Widths C I
to EE. Prices cut thi3 week. n
Child's sizes, 6 to 11...... 93c 14
Misses' sizes, im to 2 SI. 15 fi
Country orders solicited. If
We have no branch stores nor E
traveling salesmen. g
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
10 THIRD STREET, |
San Francisco. S|Remarkable Automobile Bun.
'¦ MONTEREY, July 20.— Abelardo Cooper
of San Francisco has Just made one of the
most remarkable automobile runs yet re
corded in this section, having made the
trin to the Cooper ranch at - Point • Sur.
ov?r one of the moft <HfHMiU.mRfl. «- tVv
Stete a distance of twentv-five mll^.in
four hours: The road Is full of very sharp
nnrT dangerous curves' ana heavy grades,
ind runs S a^ng the side of the 'mountains
with a sheer fall of 2000 feet pn^one side
for most of.the distance. Up to this time
it has been considered an impossibility for
automobile travel. 4 ¦, ,. ¦^¦a
Ziougbxan Fails to Appear,
The police have been unable to find any
trace of the two men who knocked down
and robbed T. J. Loughran, a commission
merchant, on Clay street early yesterday
morning. Loughran had been booked on
a charge of drunkenness, and as he failed
to appear in Judge Mogan'a court tha
Judge continued, his case and issued a
bench warrant for his arrest. '
TOPEKA, Kans., July 20.— Kansas has
had another day of the protracted heat,
with llttl-3 prospects of immediate relief.
One or two small showers fell In Central
Kansas, but the skies over the remainder
of the State were cloudless. Numerous
cities have now completed thirty days
with only a trace of rain.
The State Is again encountering the se
vere heat that was present before the re
cent period of low barometer, when a
number of cities were relieved by rain.
At Ottawa, In the eastern part of the
State, a temperature of 108 is reported.
There the river is drying up and the city
will soon be without water.
In the district around Concordia the
heat was withering, causing a number of
prostrations. In Leavenworth the tem
pprature was 107.' This was about the
average for the entire State.
Corn, which had fairly good prospects
a week ago, is beginning to tassel out
and this will prove its destruction. The
slight rains of a few days since freshened
the cereal and helped it to grow a littlo
and then the mischief was done, lor soon
the tassel began to appear and what
there ia of the corn will be so far pro
e-reased toward maturity that even if
fain floe. .come now it will not help the
y ' CITY, Mo., July 20.-For
thirty-one successive days the tempera
ture in Kansas City has risen above 90 de
mes On most of the days the tompera
f?,rZ has reached or exceeded 100 degrees,
and during the past twelve days the 11TJ
degree mark has been reached regular y.
At noon to-day the temperature was 100
detrrees for the first time this summer at
so early an hour. The high point. 102 de
!?e« was attained at 4 p. rn. Since April
fthere has fceen one heavy rain, on June
22 Most of the street thermometers regis
ter 110 Tin the shade each day and if ex
posed to the sun would record 120. There
fiave been few heat prostrations and not
Sy deaths directly ascribed to the heat,
but the mortality among feeble old per
sons and young children has been unus
"ThVeame conditions of heat and rain
fall have • prevailed over all the drought
stricken region of the Southwest-Kansas,
Western Missouri, Indian Territory and
OWahoma" tactically no rain has fallen
in this wea In the past twenty-four
hours the few local showers being trivial.
For the next twenty-four hours continued
w weather is expected. Prayers for rain
will Ve offered In nearly all the churches
in Missouri and Kansas to-morrow, in the
former State in obedience to the Gov
.S proclamation. In some of the
churches in this city special services will
be held. . - / _ - - ¦ ' .
Small Showers Are In
sufficient to Prevent
Damage.
BOSTON, July 20.— Governor Charles H.
Allen of Porto Rico reached this city lata
last night on the yacht Mayflower, but
the fact did not become known till to-day
because the Governor directed the yacht
to stop down the channel while he took a
launch and landed in time to catch tha
midnight train for Washington.
This morning, 'with all the appearance
of having Just arrived, the Mayflower
steamed up to the navy yard and ex
changed salutations with Rear Admiral
Sampson. When inquiry was made for
Governor Allen it was stated that he had
gone to Washington, Later the clever plan
pursued by the Governor in making quids
time toward "Washington was learned.
Mrs. Allen, who accompanied her hus
band, did not leave the ship until this
afternoon. She went to the Allen home
In Lowell, where she expects Allen to Join
her in a few days.
The Mayflower, In command of Com
mander James N. Adams, left San Juan
last Sunday and came directly her.© with
no hindrance save fog 1 . Captain Adam 3
said that Governor Allen intended to go
to Canton to confer with President Mo-
Klnley regarding the Porto Rican free
trade proclamation of which ho was the
bearer. In response to an Inquiry regard-
Ing the probability of the Governor re
signing his position and remaining In this
country. Captain Adams said:
"I don't know what Mr. Allen Intend3
to do."
WASHINGTON, July 20.— Governor Al
len reached "Washington this afternoon.
He remained here only a few hours, and
then resumed hl3 Journey to Canton,
where he will have a conference with, tha
President to-morrow. He Is expected tq
return to "Washington on Monday.
ALLEN SPEEDS
TO WASHINGTON
VICTORY RESTS
WITH ARGONAUTS
Toronto Oarsmen Easily
Defeat Champion
Vespers.
The dual contest for the championship
of the United States in the singles was
not as inspiring as was hoped for, and
the honor will remain with the wonderful
Ten Eyck another year at least. Ten
Eyck's sculling was just as finished as
ever it was, and his grand handling of
the sculls was cheered to the echo. Greer,
his opponent, rowed a plucky race, and
no matter how he tried to push to the
front, the winner of the diamond sculls
held him safely throughout the race.
Between 30,000 and 50,000 people saw the
races. The weather was beautiful and the
course was as smooth as the proverbial
mill pond. The high banks of the Schuyl
kill River were lined with enthusiastic
crowds, and thousands braved the dan
ger of the railroad bridge at the finish
line and swarmed all over the structure.
It was the first defeat for the Vesper
eight. Their Waterloo did not come as
a surprise to the experts who have fol
lowed their work during this season, and
many were the predictions that in the
men from Toronto and Winnipeg they
would meet their match. With the excep
tion of two men the Vesper crew was the
same as that which wrested the victory
from, the world's oarsmen at Paris last
year. The Argonaut's time for the mile
and a half was 7:49, just ten seconds
slower than the time made by the Vespers
over the same course In a race last year.
Winnipeg's time was 7:53% and the-Ves
pers' 7:06.
PHILADELPHIA, July 20.— The world's
champion Vesper eight-oared shell crew
of this city, which has carried the colors
of its club to many a victory, went down
to defeat to-day before the strong
Argonaut crew of Toronto, Canada, in the
last day of the annual regatta of the
National Association of Amateur Oars
men. Not only was this crew whipped by
the Canadians, but the eight men of the
Winnipeg Rowing Club also flashed past
the champions and beat them out at the
finish. .
o'clock this morning. The posse of six
was led by Deputy Collector Bell, and
they were creeping along a steep hillside
above an illicit still when they received
an order to throw up their hands. They
had barely located the speaker forty feet
below them when a number of moonshin
ers poured a volley upon them. Deputy
Marshal Thomas Price was Instantly
killed and C. Mackey was badly wounded.
The officers returned the flre, but the
moonshiners made the place so hot that
Collector Bell and the survivors retired
and carried Mackey with them. One
moonshiner was heard moaning and call-
Ing to his comrades that he had been
wounded. Collector Bell has gathered a
posse and has started to recover the body
of Price.
One Officer Is Killed and Another
Wounded in a Tennessee Con
flict.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., July 20.— Revenue
officers were ambushed about six miles
from Monterey, in Putnam County, at 4
MOONSH13STERS BATTLE
WITH THE REVENUE MEN
Dally Epworth League Excursions to
Southern California, July 18th
to August 15th.
Southern Pacific sells Epworth Leaguers
and friends round trip tickets to Southern
California, Including San Jose, Santa Bar
bara, Los Angeles, Riverside, Redlanda,
San Bernardino, Santa Ana, Pasadena,
Pomona, Long Beach and Santa Monica,
for $19.50, limit August 31. Stopovers
everywhere. San Diego, Catalina, Mount
Lowe, Del Monte and Santa Cruz slight
extra charge. Call Southern Pacific of
fices, 613 Market street and Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Suits for divorce were hied yesterday by
May Davidson against Edward H. I>avld
soh for . desertion, Nina "Winner against
Herbert B. Winner for cruelty, Josephine
Jones against Charles Jones for desertion
and Ethel Wood Harris against Louis L.
Harris for failure to provide.
Divorce Suits Filed.
garding it was respected, namely, that
the hat, an ugly chimney-pot," should De
left roofless, so the rain water might col
lect in it and afford solace to thirsty
birds. „ .
"Auntie Kruger" Is what she was called
by her people of the Transvaal. It was
often told of her when any one men
tioned her husband's wealth she -would
confide to them that her husband and
.ghe never lived beyond their "coffee
money," $2000 a year, which they got from
the Government. ,
• -Mrs. Kruger was the mother of sixteen
children. Her daughters all married
wealthy burghers, and most of her sons
took an interest in the army. She and
the President lived in a modest little two
story cottage painted white and covered
with morning glory vines.
"When the British took Pretoria, and the
President fled, he left Mrs. Kruger in the
city. She was sick when he left for Eu
rope last February. Six of her children
were then with her. Despite some losses
in the family, at last reports the couple
had thirty-one sons and grandsons in the
field.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 20.— General Rafael
Uribe-Uribe, leader of the Liberal party
in the United States of Colombia, has
given the detectives who were watching
him the. slip and the party in power in
the southern republic, which is believed to
be his destination, is preparing for
trouble. Of all contemporary revolution
ary leaders in South American states Gen
eral Uribe, with his long record of daring
victories unmarred by defeat, is the most
famous.
Among General Urlbe's flriends in this
city it is whispered that he has gone to
Costa Rica, and that his objective point
is Panama, in Colombia. That the Co
lombian Government credits this report
is shown by the fact that it has pur
chased two new guns to be used in de
fending Panama harbor andys preparing
to give him a warm reception.
General Uribe came to this country
from Caracas last January. It was said
then the purpose of his visit was to pur
chase a war vessel with which to extend
revolutionary operations to the sea coast.
He himself gave no explanation of his
visit, but he had his mail sent to the
Colombian consulate and left nothing un
done to create the impression that hos
tilities were to cease in Colombia, at least
for a time. He even went to Washington,
where he had a conference with Carlos
Martinez Silva, Colombian Minister to the
United States, after which he Issued a
manifesto In which he said that the lime
was inopportune, in his opinion, for prose
cuting the war against the Government
of President Jose Manuel Marroquln, who
had usurped office by the coup d'etat of
July 31, 1900. And he counseled the
Liberals to lay down their arms until a
more fitting opportunity arrived for con
tinuing the war..-— ?r - ¦ ?- •-.- -
Senor Brigard, Consul General here,
said to-day that General Uribe had left
the country.
"I know where he has gone, said the
Consul General, "but there are reasons
which prevent me from telling where
That a fresh outbreak of revolutionists
will be announced soon is the conviction
of Colombians in this city.
HEAT WITHERS
KANSAS CROPS
Headed for Colombia to
Renew Revolution
ary Movement.
PRETORIA, July 20.— Mrs. Kruger,
wife of the former President of
the Transvaal republic, now In
Europe, died this afternoon after
a short illness.
Mrs. Kruger was the second wife of the
Transvaal President. ' She was Miss du
Plessis, a name of prominence in South
Africa. Kruger's first wife was her aunt.
Mrs. Kruger was a- typical Boer woman.
She cared nothing for finery. In the days
of prosperity at her home in Pretoria she
had all the simplicity of manner and mode
of living of the plainest woman of the
veldt. It was said of her even at that
time when her husband was accumulat
ing millions, according to report, her chief
interest in.llfe was to see how much she
could save in housekeeping. Throughout
the Transvaal she was famous for her
coffee, which she always had ready for
visitors. She cared nothing for politics.
When a statue was erected to her hus
band in Pretoria her especial wish re-
GENERAL URIBE
ELUDES SPIES
DEATH HAS SUMMONED
MADAME PAUL KRUGER
During the Absence of Her Husband -in Europe the Wife
of the Former President of the Transvaal Passes to
Final Rest at Her Home in Pretoria After a Short Illness
In India if you see a quantity of strings
tied from side to 6ide of the. street, with
three-cornered pieces of paper fastened to
them, you may know that a birthday is
being celebrated in one of the houses.
DRAWS A KNIFE
IN CONVENTION
Tempestuous Scene at
Session in Alabama's
Capital
MONTGOMERY. Ala.. July ».-An ex
passes being accepted by any State of
ficer Former Governor Jones protested
against the tabling of the resolution and
Sealed from the decision of the chair
A controversy between President Knox
and Jones ensued and the president di
rected the sergeant at arms to Beat the
•jSTSSin-. but the chair *«*«
on fall being Beated. and amid great ex
citement directed the sergeant at *»»¦£
remove Jones from the halL Jones
passionately exclaimed:
"If any one attempts it, it will be done
TbT^ls^eV^he hall be^me gen
era" The former Governor «cla^meo..
"I have a tight to know if the chair
will put my appeal." .«m,« Mmlr
Chairman Knox replied: The chair
¦will put your appeal." Then Jones sat
The president began to state the ques
tion. He was interrupted by Jones, and
Knox once more requested him to r>e
eea-ted. He further directed the sergeant
at arms to execute the order. As the
sergeant at arms approached Jones drew
a small pocket knife, but did not open
It and soon returned it to his pocket.
Jones said: „
"If the chair will ke«p Its temper — -
President Knox interrupted: It is not
the chair who Is out of temper.
Jones then eat down, the chair put the
appeal and it was overwhelmingly sus
tained. Mutual explanations followed
end good feeling was restored, :.—^ij
Campfire Scintillations.
CAMP REVERIE, FORESTVILLE,
July 20— "In all California no home like
this," said a lady slightly altering Camp
Reverie's somewhat famous motto, as she
arrived last evening: after a week's visit
to Ban Francisco, "and no. welcome eith
er," she added to the merry group as
sembled to greet her. Indeed, so homelike
Is the atmosphere that many people live
at Camp Reverie and "visit" at their
homes.
With the beginning of August a number
of its guests enter on the third month of
their stay at the Camp. I am told that
August in the Russian River Valley Is
one of the finest months In the year. Dur
ing the past week an agreeable change in
the weather has taken place in the setting
I Ama 1 teur entertaining reached its height
last night, when the "Minstrel Troupe of
Coon Hollow" gave their first (let us hope
not their last) show. There were seven
performers whose costumes, capers and
conundrums would have done credit to
any stage. The latter were all original
and local, as the following specimen will
show: "In all California why is there no
place like Camp Reverie?" Because it's the
only place where you can have a great
big "Payne" and like it. It is needless to
say that this brought down the house. It
would hardly be fair to hint at the noted
personalities concealed under those mar
velous costumes, although in the
fine singing it was quite impossible to
disguise well-known tenor and barytone
voices. I hope it may not be previous to
announce that the "Troupe" Is open to en
gagements. San ; Francisco managers,
please take notice.' ""
To-night the Beta Bigma Amateur
Dramatic Club give "All Is Not Gold that
Glitters." A more than presentable stage
has been erected, with tents at either wing
to 6erve as dressing rooms.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. P. M. Muller.
the famous Hindoo traveler, gave an ice
cream party to the young ladies who pre
side in the dining room. The charming,
gracious manners and pretty, willing serv
ices of these young women who are Berke
ley or High School students and gradu
ates, have robbed the Camp Reverie din
ing room of every vulgar vestige of a res
taurant or htftel and have won the hearts
of all Its guests. ;•"•;>, w-
FORMER REBEL
WANTS FREEDOM
Aguinaldo Wearies of
Surveillance by
Americans.
The transport Sheridan, with the Four
teenth Infantry and Adjutant General
Barry on board, sailed from here to-day.
General MacArthur, who left here on the
Mead© July 4, will embark on the Sheridan
at Nagasaki for San Francisco.
General Chaff ee has issued a circular in
which he explicitly defines the status
and duties of army officers with respect
to their relations with the provincial and
other civil governments. It la understood
this circular will settle minor misunder
standings between the two departments
and prevent possible conflicts of author
ity. As fast as the insular constabulary
is organized the American troops t will be
centered in fewer garrisons and their
number will be decreased.
General Pavls has been ordered to the
command of the American troops on the
island of Mindanao and the Jolo archipel
ago. General Kobbe, formerly comman
der of this district, will return to "the
United States. ¦
MANILA, July 20. — Agulnaldo Is consid
erably Irritated at his continued surveil
lance by the American authorities. When
ever he signs his name he must add the
word "prisoner." He has refused the re
quest of his friends to write the insur
gent general Malvar, still at large In
Southern Luzon, advising him to surren
der. He consented to sign a copy of his
oath of allegiance with the understanding
that it be forwarded to Malvar with tha
purpose of influencing his surrender, but
under his signature to this he wrote,
"Prisoner in Malacanan prison."
Epworth League vlsitora are cordially
Invited by Nathan-Dohrmann Co. to visit
the Art and Crystal rooms of their big
store at 122 to 132 Butter street - •
THE SAN FEANGISCO ; CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 21, 1901.
It Is a man's privilege to propose— and a
woman's not to refuse.
HONOLULU, July 10.— The House and
Senate are both very near the end of their
work now. The conference committees
have agreed upon most of the Items to be
inserted in the appropriation bills, and' it
Is thought that all that remains i3 the
closlng-up work of the session.
An extra session Is again being talked
of. Treasurer Wright has calculated that
the Territory will be $1,000,000 short at the
end of the two-year period now begun un
less some additional measures to raise
revenue are enacted. The -matter of
granting an extra session -was discussed
in the Executive Council, and it is report
ed that three of the heads of departments
favored it, but Acting Governor Cooper
and Attorney General Dole were opposed.
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University, who has charge of the
United States Jchthyological expedition to
these islands, has nearly completed his
work here. He will leave here on July
16 on his return to Stanford. He will be
relieved here by Dr. Jenkins, who occu
pies the chair of physiology at Stanford,
as the work of the expedition here is not
finished yet. Dr. Jenkins was here in 1S89,
when he made one of the largest collec
tions of flsh from these waters.
The Honolulu Chamber . of Commerce
has- appointed a committee to look after
the matter of contesting the new income
tax law, which went into . effect this
month. A large number of local business
men are behind the movement and the
law will be vigorously fought. In addi
tion to the 'alleged flaws In the law as it
stands, grounds for contest may be found
in the use of the English and Hawaiian
languages in the Legislature, which, it is
claimed by some, made all its proceedings
invalid, as the organic act declared for
the use of English. .The Income tax case
may therefore test the validity of the
legislative acts of the present session in
8 ThTwill of the late Paul Neumann was
.filed for probate to-day. It left all his
property, of which the value is unknown,
to his widow, naming her as administra
trix without bonds. The will was made
in Honolulu in 1S85.
DEBTS WORRY
THE LAWMAKERS
The counterfeiter tries his best to fol
low a good example.
19
20,000 ife~ GUPIDEHE CURES BIAEMffl.
Th» HeVnalrfn* enr of the weak Is answered by the all-powerful remedy CUFIDENK. Sorrow cornea to every man who wastes
fX C °A Sta*ta ?tte baVapa^ntnX sTde. ovfr S™hVp!Tnder^e shoulder blade, too often tellatHat Impotency and debility
««S? '^Sffi r |e rag£|a TUNFITNESS TO M^IW-TekSaUSTINO DRAINS. VARICOCELE AND CONSTIPATION. It stops
[CHRONIC PROSTATITISJ gfl^^^^^^W | NERVOUS DEBILITY
The reason .ufferers are not cured by MM if'^S^k^ < 4P -/3^?^ /lUS ?° *" *? v T^ «
doctors Is because 90 per cent ara BANS 1 : ' ti§@1^3xk- r<Dl fi5*?!lil& 'NS»» Generally caused by Indiscretions, ex-
troubled with Proatatltla. COTIDENE ii WX^j; U ? A[ f/M V/9 jr XSpgjM |»SS cesses, natural or unnatural or both,
the only known remedy to cure without MB/ 1 J^yfe2l& //».*», M Bl Cupldene- cures Nervous Debility aad
an operation. llaC. y^^WM f» 7 *C> HH th ® r>rala » ¦ La4 I^dlnes cf Manhood,
I k Sff&Sj ®\Af\ yt" -cs \ /f*^ tJ/J?'Ms5a Cupldsno Is sure. Is aaTa, Is certain.
1 ClIPIDENE CURES I tffior a*^ jhisv YiU'ml 1 ** 11 * cwrtn wb * ra els * faUa *
ptlns In Muscle. Cr ' *IP*X /^^ XN^KV^f^' 2$L-^ 'IVTli L^aa of V?m U
All say you need Cupidene-you should gv\\^>j£i, jp$ $fij&\ . TTi ,„,, * \ n „„ -—pr-,-*™
pet Cupldene to-day, and be cured. |N[fij5TTf^^V,frlU^. jJjHf^',i, t | AU teU yoU to ns * C^ 10^^-
1 Premature weakness is toa often the- footprint that marks th« -way to greater evila. A. certain cum la CtapMena, tlM Remedy
• that Is guaranteed to cura or money refunded. . mmm-
\ guaranteed to cuKei &»<* toese Bymptoms— if yon have any of them— if you have i CUP i DENE cukes in i
I oh Soney refunded. \ many of them— you need the great vegetaMe remedy, OUPDENE I twenty days. \
Do you feel weak and fatlpied, have you eold feet, backache, spots before the eyes, pains in the small of back, palna In tha
¦ heaH Bhootlnff oains 7 Are you low spirited, melanoholy, forgetful? Do yoa feel unfit . to marry? Have you night losses— bad
dr^s? Has thtbrlKhtnegs left the eye? Do your hands tremble? Do you feel shaky? Are your eyes bl«ury. weak? Does your
headTwlm? la 1 therSa ropy sediment in the water? Do your knees knock? Have you no vital energy? Ia there nausea after eating?
Any of these symptoms, all of these symptoms respond readily to Cupldene. Get well Send for
Address Da Vol Medicine Company, 42 Ellis St, San Francisco, Cal c o^ u XaTV« e on lm0nlals ' awa tor *"
Bend for free Circulars and B00O TesUmonlala, • Bend for Cupldene to-day— H.00 po package, 6 packages jlOO, by mafl. Bankable
5 guarantee to refund the money If not cured, with every order for fix packages.
For sale by Grant Dru* Company, M Third street. . '¦ , '. . - " . ...„,..
A Great Silk Sale.
The following silk will be sold at both stores:
An elegant, fancy striped taffeta silk in about 20 different pattern;* —
19 inches wide, will be offered all week at 39c Yard
(This is the greatest silk value we have ever made under any cir-
cumstances.) .
Continues.
Another week of the Remnant Sale. New remnants
never shown before — at less than H their regular prices and
all in desirable lengths and in the newest summer fabrics.
Perhaps you will find just the shade and length you want —
a grand opportunity for city folks' as well as for out of town
visitors. ;
REMNANTS OF ENGLISH VENETIAN CLOTH-
S' to 7 yard lengths— full 58 inches wide, in mixed shading of tan,
light and dark Oxford gray, navy blue, brown and pastel mixtures—
also in solid black — for outing skirts, tramping skirts, cycling costumes,
etc. — can be made up without lining— our great ?i.oo grade: for all
remnants this week. 49c Yard
For safe at Market-street store only.
REMNANTS OF FANCY MIXED CHEVIOTS—
For children's school dresses, separate skirts, wrappers— in neat mix-
tures and in plain " and broken checks — mostly pastel shadings^ — in
lengths from 3 to 10 yards — this is a good wool cheviot, selling regu-
larly from 35c to 40c a yard — for all. remnants , • .13e Yard
For sale ap Market-street store only.
REMNANTS OF BLACK ENGLISH ALPACA—
In waist, skirt and suit lengths — 38 inches wide — warranted fast black
and a rich silky finish— genuine Bradford make— fine, firm quality,
selling regularly at 50c a yard— any remnant in the lot 26c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
REMNANTS OF PILLOW CASES—
An odd lot of undressed muslin cases— 45x36 inches— nicely hemmed
and never sold for less than I2j^c each— any case in the lot 10c Each
For sale at Market-strett store only.
REMNANT SALE OF SHEETS—
A small lot left from our trreat sale of last week— 72x90 inches, well
hemmed and ready for use— a quality we have always sold at 60c — on
the remnant tables until sold 47}^e Each
For sale at Market-street store only.
A fine white, crocheted bedspread, large size^ — fine weave, well hem-
med, Marseilles patterns^ — our popular 75c spreads; on special sale for
the remnant sale ". *& c Each
For sale at Market-street store only.
REMNANT SALE OF BEDSPREADS-
Remnant
Sole
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Morris Chairs — Know what thiev
are? Broad armed, broad Beated easy
Chairs, with a droop in the seat that fits
the shape and rests the body peculiarly;
a patent back that falls away to suit at a
touch of a spring; a substantial parlor
piece, and richly upholstered; easy sellers
for from $12 to $40. Sale Price. .$8.00 Up
Chairs, Settees —
An art dream — beautiful Louis
XIV style Sofa, richly covered In French
figured tapestry, illustrating costumes of
the knightly time in "the Old "World";
delicately topped with green plush border
and arms of the same; never sold for less
than $32. Sale Price .$26.00
Fifty odd Parlor Chairs, birch
mahogany frames; quaint, pretty, attrac-
tive and striking frame designs; side
arms, high backs; covered In swell silk
tapestries and velours, prettily figured;
mixed values from $10 to $15. Sale Price
$7,5O and Up
Thirty designs of Settees and
Divans; solid mahogany frames; piano
polished birch mahogany and inlaid
backs; very artistic; strikingly uphol-
stered; usually $25 to $27. Sale Price
817, 813. 810
I PATTOSIEN'S J
B«B| Sixteenth and Mission Streets, §™»
v SAN FRANCISCO. S
\ "ALL ROADS TO ROME .'. ALL CARS TO PATTOSIEN'S^#
Parlor Suits-
Five 5-piecfc Suits, covered in
fine silk tapestry; mahogany frames: reg-
ularly 590. Sale Price 872.5O
Three-piece Suit, solid mahog-
any; artistic rolled top; covered in latest
design French tapestry; usually sells for
$85. Sale Price SC7.5O
One 5-piece highly polished
solid mahogany Suit; richly carved; cov-
ered in finest imported brocatelle; real
value J150. Sale Price S115.OO
Ten 5-piece Suits in birch ma-
hogany; three designs; some in velours;
others in English and French tapestries;
they are wonderful values, and have all
the effect, look and substance of higher
priced Suits; always $70. Sale Price.. ....
• •••••••••¦«••••¦•••••••••••••••••¦•*•*• J5t>4»Ull
A few three-piece Suits in birch
mahogany, finely polished and covered in
velours and tapestries; we have sold them
heretofore for $25 and $30. Sale Pric/ ..-•
¦. 9I0.OU
Ten Divans — Birch mahogany
frames, covered in velours and fine tapes-
tries; an $1S value. Sale Price.. $13. 50
ShcU-SEapcd Divans — Ever see
them? They are the most artistic and
striking piece of furniture ever made by
us; richly covered in delicate shades of
tapestries and velours; made to sell for
*45. Sale Price 831.OO
Pattosien's Patent Eox Couches
— As different from the downtown
Couches as wooden chairs are from Pat-
toeien Divans; open and shut themselves
with the least encouragement; room In
the bottom for all the bedding and sew-
ing-room stuff; upholstered in denim and
t&ucy ticks, with 100 designs; regularly
SO. Sale Price 88.50
Couches — Twentv-five different
styles of Couches, covered In velours and
tapestries, and built as we well know
how; biscuit tufted or plain tops; head
gracefully inclined. Xo use to quote
prices, because we'll sweep them from the
floor at 25 per cent off, and even more If
necessary.
pote leather; they are $20 values. Sale
Price 815.OO
Student Chairs-Well nameJ,
for they have head rests upholstered out
from the back, broad arms and bountiful
eeatsj splendid for body freedom, and
mind rest; some In pretty tapestries and
velours: others quietly covered in panta-
1 Our whole second floor of |! ||| IffUS/ Q S ft fj m n EPWORTH g
N \ 10,000 square feet of Parlor l^iltiJffl ¦¦CluUllIu LEAGUERS! |
I Furniture is involved. W^ffi t Ve cordially invite you %
K \ Monday-Comers will \%ira when out sightseeing-. •
if I have acres to choose from. W^lli s: ' ow you through our t
Lb^sb HERE ARE SOME HEROIC PRICE-CUTS: msS!mLrailroad company had been made and that
tickets will be ready for distribution next
week. _
E. Lastreto of the committee on music
said it was decided to have two bands to
accompany the parlors from Native Sons"
Hall ,to the railroad depot on the night
of the 8th of September; also that if any
of the San Francisco parlors will have
their own band accompany them such
bands will, .in all probability, be engaged
by the San Jose committee to give con
certs In the parks in the Garden City. : -
James L. Gallagher suggested that the
parade in this city on the night of the
8th should be on the lines of.- the previous
celebrations to draw attention to the fact
that there is to be a celebration in San
Jcse.
E. D. Crowley said that the entire mem
bership of Army and Navy Parlor will be
in the parade on the day of the big turn
out.
The representatives of a number of the
local parlors announced that' they had se
cured headquarters and will do all in their
power to make the celebration a success.
It •was decided that each parlor shall
have not less than ten members in the
parade in San Francisco.
Chairman Dockery announced that
about $6000 has already been contributed
to the San Jose committee; that the cele
bration will be a three-day one, and that
many novel features will be introduced.
He also said that many parlors In the
vicinity of San Jose have signified their
intention of joining in the celebration.
The committee then adjourned for two
weeks.
ADMISSION DAY
CELEBRATION PROGRESS
Promises of a Grand Three Bay Fes
tival in San Jose on Sep
tember 9. *
The joint ninth of September celebration
cemmittee of the Native Sons met last
night In Native Sons* - Hall, James P.
Dockery In the chair.
The committee on transportation re
pcrted that all arrangements with the
Worked Every County in State.
Of course, Alameda County formed the
It was from this office that on June
29 a large number of circular letters were
sent to attorneys throughout the State
calling their attention to the law and In
viting attorneys to drum up business for
the firm of Taylor & Mason, in whose en
velopes the letters were inclosed. The
circular letter outlines what the future
actions of the courts would be and con
cludes by strongly urging on the attor
neys to hurry up and send in all the con
tracts possible, particularly specifying
the amount that each saloon-keeper was
willing to contribute to get out of his
quarterly license payments. A copy of
this letter is now in possession of The
Call. Mr. Taylor may deny the evidence
if he wills, but the proof is forthcoming.
Denials seem to be a favorite means of
tiding over the difficulty of a proper ex
planation with Mr. Taylor. He was inter
viewed by a representative of the Oakland
Enquirer and is reported to have said that
two months ago he had been consulted
about the effect of the new law and was
of the opinion that it takes away from
the County Boards of Supervisors the
power of licensing for revenue, but knew
nothing about it before that time.
Assemblyman Kelley says he introduced
the bill at the request of Senator Taylor
of Alameda. "but does not know positive
ly where the bill really did come from,
for he introduced so many." While Sen
ator Taylor disputes the official record
and disclaims having had anything to do
with the bill, which Kelley says he in
troduced at Taylor's request, a few later
developed facts that have a strong bear
ing on the Inside history have just come
to light.
TIES. H. A. MASON. Secretary.
"CALIFORNIA MUNICIPALITIES."
E. K. TAYLOR.
According to the most reliable reports
H. A. Mason, secretary of the California
League of Municipalities, was . the one
who Induced Assemblyman Kelley to in
troduce the bill in the Assembly, through
which it passed on March 7 and was read
in the Senate the next day, amended on
the 11th and passed on the 13th, less than
a week from the time It reached Taylor's
committee.
Now Taylor and Mason occupy rooms
in the Mills building, on the eighth fiOor.
On the door Is inscribed:
LEAGUE OF CALIFORNIA MUNICIPALI-
When Senator E'. K. Taylor of Alameda,
through his home papers, is loud In his
protestations of innocence regarding the
passage of Assembly bill No. 456, regard
ing the regulation of liquor licenses In all
counties in the State outside of San Fran
cisco, further investigation discloses the
fact that on his shoulders must rest the
burden of proof. "While the bill was in
troduced by Assemblyman Kelley of Oak
land, it was on the report of the Senate
Committee on Municipal Corporations, of
which Senator E. K. Taylor was. chair
man, that the "phony" amendments were
introduced.
In the Alameda Encinal, Taylor is
quoted as saying: . •
I had nothing to do with this bill. It was
Introduced by Kelley In the Assembly and was
known as the "Davis bill." From The Call's
article it would be inferred that -I introduced
it into the Senate, which is untrue. I had
nothing whatever to do with its introduction
or passage.
Either Senator Taylor's memory is de
fective or else there is a gross error in
the Senate journal of March 11, 1901. For
there ie a report from the Committee on
Municipal Corporations reading as fol
lows:
Mr. President— Tour Committee on Municipal
corporations, to whom was referred Assembly
Bill No 456— An act to add a new section to
the Political Code of the State of California,
to be known as section 4045. relating tp the
powers qf Boards of Supervisors, City Councils
and Ttfrvn Trustees In their respective coun
ties, cities and towns, and to impose a license
tax, at a rate to be fixed annually by them
upon certain named persons, occupations and
business — have had the same under considera
tion, and respectfully report the same back,
and recommend that it do pass as amended.
TAYLOR, Chairman.
The bill was then ordered on file for
second reading. A few hours later Senator
Taylor asked for and was granted
unanimous consent to take up Assembly
bill No. 456 for immediate consideration.
During the second reading of the bill the
five amendments were submitted by the
committee, of which Senator Taylor- was
the chairman, and adopted.
• Outdoes the Charity Concert.
The principal amendments were the
fourth and fifth, by which the mate
rial Intent of the act was altered
by the striking out of the words
'"and revenue." This, as has already been
explained in The Call, has resulted -in
placing the matter of collecting liquor
licenses in the hands of the foster fathers
of the bill instead of the Boards of Su
pervisors as heretofore. Just how long
this game could be continued would en
tirely depend upon the gullibility of the
saloon-keepers and th© plausibility of the.
bill-promoters. As a money-making
scheme it would outdo any charity con
cert proposition.
liiquor Dealers Fail to Take the Bait
Thrown Out by the Men In
terested in the Measure.
.Across the Bay* Rather \
Unsatisfactory.-
Hired. Man Finds Conditions
Declares He Did Not
Know Kelley's Bill
"Was Loaded.
LAME EXCUSE
NOW TAYLOR'S
ONE DEFENSE
A return an.! account of sale of. the
property at the northwest corner of Geary
and Powell streets/which belonged to" the
estates of Charles Templeton- Crocker and
Jenny Adeline Crocker, was filed yester
day. The property : was sold to the Crock
er Hotel Company, the consideration be
ing 5336,997 28.
Crocker Company Buys Land.
Mrs. May Carroll. '417 Powell street,, se
cured a warrant from Judge Mogan yes
terday for the arrest of her husband,
Howard Carroll, a teamster, en the
charge of battery. She left him on
Wednesday, and on Thursday night he
called upon . her and beat her badly be
cause she refused to live with him again
George F. Lesslie.'a sea captain, living
at 417 Powell street, appeared before
Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge of
battery upon his wife. About 2 o'clock
Friday morning Policeman Mulcahey was
accosted by Mrs. Lesslie, who was cov
ered with blood and was almost nude.
She told him that while she was asleep in
beel her husband had attacked her with a
bolo knife. She was sent to the Receiving
Hospital, where a number of knife -wounds
.were found on. her face and body. Mul
cahey went to the house and arrested
Lesslie. He found the bedclothes, satu
rated with blood. Mrs. Lesslie told Mul
cahey that they had to leave New Or
leans owing to her husband's cruei treat
ment of her. Ihe Judge ordered Lesslie
into custody and continued the case until
to-morrow. - ". :
Brutally Beat Their Wives.
"About the Sacramento 'end of It *I
know absolutely nothing, except I remem
ber that in the rush of business the ques
tion was addressed, to me, 'What is Kelley
monkeying with this whisky proposition
for?' or 'What is this whisky deal ofKel
ley's?' Whether Kelley was in on any
deal to receive a percentage on the suits
or not I don't know, but, of course, Kelley
is nobody's fool. If Taylor was in on the
formation of the bill I do not know."
Reports from San Rafael indicate that
Marin County has ajso been pretty well
worked.
ACTIVITY PREVAILS
IN PBIMABY LEAGUE
The Republican Primary League is not
in the slightest degree disturbed by the
Interference of the State Central ¦ Com
mittee in local affairs. The promoters of
the league anticipated the conflict between
the Bouvier and Tilden County, commit
tees and resolved to establish an anti-bosg
organization independent of both factions.
The league is carrying out the purposes
of its founders. Anti-boss clubs are es
tablished in the [ several Assembly dis
tricts of San Francisco and citizens are
enrolling their names ~ and pledging their
support to the cause of good local gov
ernment under Republican auspices. In
numerical strength, quality of member
ship and- general influence the league
clubs hold by far the leading place. The
Tilden committee rooms, where Kelly and
Crimmins roost, were deserted as usual
last night.- Reputable Republican citizens
will not visit the boss headquarters. • The
Republican State Central Committee, in
cluding the Los Angeles and Santa Rosa
delegations, may meet every day In the
week and adopt typewritten resolutions of
sympathy for Kelly- and Crimmins, but
bossism will not be rendered more accept
able by such Indorsement. People of San
Francisco, irrespective > of party, regard
the intrusion of the State Central Com
mittee into municipals affairs as absurd,
unwarranted and pernicious: ¦ .
J. W. McKinley, the Los Angeles lawyer
who made a grotesque spectacle of him
self in producing the boss programme for
the. State Central Committee, is said to
be a candidate for the , Supreme bench.
His blunder yesterday was the common
topic of comment in political circles last
ntght. It was called to mind that Jeffer
son James, who* was once nominated for
Mayor, produced from his pocket a speech
accepting the nomination and began read
ing: "This is unexpected." It was said
of .his subsequent campaign that he ran
third in the race because there was not a
fourth candidate. Los Angeles should get
ready to present another candidate for
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court,
one who will not render decisions before
listening to argument.
Until a late hour last night the rooms
of the Republican Primary League, ' 930
Market street, were crowded with Jreso
lute citizens, who have entered the muni
cipal campaign to prevent the predatory
bosses from looting the municipality. The
work of district organization and enroll
ment of the anti-boss iorces will go for
•ward with increased vigor on account of
the >' unwarranted attempt of the State
Central Committee to establish a reign of
bossism and municipal plunder in this
city. . In the approaching contest'no half
way ground will be found for independent
clubs,- organized- to help this or that can
didate to a friendly ¦ delegation. Individ
ual aspirations must be subordinated to
the common welfare.
•¦ The fight is on between the people on
one side and the allied looters . on the
other. Twenty-two days remsJn to organ
ize all the forces of good citizenship for
the important struggle on August 13 next.
"I soon discovered there was nothing in
tins county for any one on this proposi
tion for this reason: The Oakland license
is $100 a quarter, and the county license
before the passage of this act was S30 a
quarter. The county license was never
collected In Oakland, although the law
said it should be. Soon after the passage
of the Kelley bill, the liquor men saw
the state of affairs and petitioned the
Board of Supervisors to reduce the coun
ty license, and in accordance with that
petition it was reduced to $5 per quarter.
"When I spoke to these men about the
Taylor proposition, they said it would not
pay them to get into any litigation and
that it was better to pay $5 than to pay a
lawyer. I understand the matter wa»
taken up later by another party and
about thirty-five contracts were signed.
"There is nothing in working it in Ala
meda County, because the $5 license
knocks it out; but they have worked every
county in the State, and in such places
as Sacramento and Los Angeles- it is a
good thing. Mr. Mason, being in ' the
League of Municipalities, was undoubted
ly in a position to appoint agents in each
county to handle the matter, he being well
known throughout the State.
natural starting point for the scheme.
Kelley hails frcm Oakland and Taylor
from Alameda city. A former local offi
cial of Oakland was approached and ask
ed if he wanted to make some money.
He had been interested in Oakland poli
tics, was thoroughly conversant with the
ins and outs and was deemed a good man
to quietly launch the scheme. Besides
he had been in Sacramento during the
session of the Legislature, and was sup
posed to be up to snuff. He admits that
he was approached by Taylor and those
Interested in pushing the matter.
"Taylor is a good fellow," he said, "and
I would do pretty' near anything for him.
I was approached about two months ago
by, him and asked 'if I wanted to make
some money. I was told just about what
The Call said a few days ago. I was told
if I would canvass the liquor dealers of
Alameda County and get them to sign
the contract— the one printed In The Call
—I. would be properly treated. I said I
would look into the matter and let them
know later. I saw a number of the lead
ing dealers.'
Deputy Auditor Leary is not much Im
pressed with the ability of the ordinary
clerks seat by the commission to work on
the books.. Leary believes there is collu
sion among them because during two days
only forty-seven pages of the books have
been footed. up, where, last year sixteen
volumes were ready for the expert on the
second day. Leary believes the clerks are
taking advantage of an order he issued
that the clerks should not rush their. work
but to be sure their, figures were accurate.
It may be of interest for you to. know that
the greater number of these fifteen dismissed
are worthy, capable and industrious girls and
women, -sent me by some of the be3t people in
the city. Respectfully yours, ..... •
' ASA R. WELLS, Auditor.
To the Hon. Civil Service Commission: In
compliance with your request of i
have decided to dismiss the fifteen experienced
clerks appointed by me to assist the twenty-flve
ordinary clerks appointed by you for temporary
work on the assessment roll In this office. I
do this not because I believe you have the right
in law to -dictate in any manner the employ
ment of subordinates in this office, but because
I am tired of continual harassing in of flea.
The two commissioners named, together
with Chief Examiner Moran, Commission
er McCarthy being conspicuous by his ab
sence, visited the Auditor, and, after pre
liminary juggling, flatly informed him. that
his request for the privilege of appoint
ing fifteen clerks not on the civil service
list would be denied. Of course/neither
Freud nor Quinn were aware that Mc-
Carthy had succeeded in securing the ap
pointment of a protege, thus aiding a
palpable violation of the civil service
clause in the charter. There was nothing
left for Wells to . do but to dismiss the
fifteen clerks and he did so, not, however,
before sending the following caustic let
ter to the commission:
"When the Auditor was authorized by the
Board of Supervisors to appoint forty ex
tra clerks to foot up the assessment roll he
made a requisition on the commission for
twenty-five, ordinary clerks and sent a
communication to it requesting that he
be allowed tc/ appoint fifteen experienced
clerks of his own selection on account of
the intricate nature of the work. Expect
ing that the request would be complied
with, Wells put fifteen clerks to work. One
of these was a' young woman whom Civil
Service Commissioner McCarthy had ask
ed Wells to appoint after another person
had interested himself in her behalf.
Wells complied with the request, but Com
missioners Freud and Quinn, who were
ignorant of their colleague's little political
deal, blocked the scheme.
The fact that Civil Service Commis
sioner P. H. McCarthy has been appointed
by Mayor Phelan to carry out the merit
system as laid- down In the charter does
not prevent that official from being a
party to an evasion of civil service. Aud
itor Wells had another clash with the
commission yesterday over the appoint
ment by him of fifteen experienced clerks
who were not on the eligible list and it de
veloped that McCarthy had stood sponsor
for one of the clerks whom the commis
sion forced the Auditor to dismiss because
they were not certified by it for appoint
ment.
Sponsor for Clerk WEom His
Colleagues Order to Be - : I
Dismissed.
Commissioner McCarthy
Does a Little
Politics.
HELPS TO EVADE
CIVIL SERVICE
Master Plumbers Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, July 20.— The Master Plumb
ers' Association has elected the follow
ing officers for the new year: President,
M. J. Mitchell; vice president, J. B. Cruz;
secretary, J. Martin; sergeant-at-arms, T
J. Brady. F. P. Furry, the retiring: presi
dent, was given a vote of thanks for hla
work for the year.
to date In the summer school at the Uni
versity of California has reached th© as
tonishing total of 7S9. This is nearly double
that of last year, when 443 students con
stituted the school, then considered one
of remarkable size.
Facts regarding this year's session are
unusual. Of the total number registered
twelve are at work In the marine biolog
ical laboratory at San Pedro and the re
maining- 777 are at Berkeley. Of those at
Berkeley 326 are men and 451 women.
Their varying occupations are as follows:
Teachers, 401; school superintendents, 5;
enrolled students from University. 177;
from other institutions, 84; farmers, 8;
chemists, 4; clergymen, 5; business men, 3:
clerks, lawyers, miners, railroad conduc
tors, 2 each; and one printer, accountant,
pharmacist and civil engineer. The aver
age age of the students is 27% years. Nine
teen" States besides California are repre
sented by students, as well as Chile, Brit
ish Columbia and Hawaii. Graduates from
two dozen different American universities
and from Oxford are In attendance. Only
eleven counties In thi3 State are unrepre
sented.
The present summer school la th© larg
est in the history of California and in
size and importance has reached beyond
the expectations of the University au
thorities.
ASTONISHING SIZE j
OF SUMMER SESSJ02T
Men and Women From All Walks of
Xiife Taking- Courses at
University.
BERKELEY. July 20.— The enrollment
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY,,JDLY 21, 1901.
20
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TBAVEI*
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Southwark July 31 'Zeeland August t\
•Vaderland ..August 7 Friesland ....August 28
Kensington ..August 14 Southwark Sept. i
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Paclflc Coast, 30 Montgomery st
RED STAR LINE.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a, m.
St. Paul August 7 St. Louis Sept. 4
St. Louis August 14 Philadelphia ...Sept 11
Philadelphia. August 21 St. Paul Sept. 18
St. Paul August 28 St. Louis Sept. 25
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW T0SK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO.,
710 Market St. Phone Main 5337
Steamer "JOHN S. KIMBALL,"
now in port, sails 4 p. m., July 23rd.
Grand round trip excursion!
NOME!
We have certain special Induce-
ments to offer to freight shippers
md passengers to j *¦
10 Market ft., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
K -; Steamers leave Broadway
•jfc* Wharf. San Francisco:
HiSw. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
J^-^fv July 15, 20, 23. 30, August 1.
tw^wfet* Change to company's steam-
tXfeSv*! «"s at Seattle.
RPaS^ra 3K.3 F° r Victoria, Vancouver CB.
tfSM^-'tffA'i C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
/ Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
» nd N ew wnatcom fWash.)—
"*** U a. m.. July 15. 20. 25. 83.
Aug. 4. end every fifth day thereafter. Chang*
at Seattle for ¦ this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 11. 16. 2L -2«. 31, Aug. 5. and every fifth
dsy thereafter.
For San Diego, etopplnr only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
pele*)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a, m.;
Steamer Corona. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
Fob Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crux.
Monterey. Ean Simeon. Cayucos. Poi-t Harford
<Ean Luis OMspo). Gavlota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East Ean Pedro. San Pe-
dro and •Newport .(*Coos Bay only)— Steamer
Coos Bay. Saturdays, 9 a. m.; Steamer Bo-
Ota. Tuesday*. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magrtalena Bay, San Jo«<« del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and.Guaymas (Mex.)— 16 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders,
The company reserves the right to chang*
rteamers. sailing dates and hours of calling
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street <Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
6TEAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH »ad KEAL3.
BS. COLUMBIA
....: Sails July 12. 22. August 1, 1L 21, 31
ES. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails July 7. 17. 27, August «. IB. 21
J3.W.HITCHCOCK,Gen.Agt.,* Montgom'y, 8.F.
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland t»> ntl
feints East. Through «i:ket^ ?-» all
points, all mil or KtenmRMn nni rail, at
Only Staamahlp Xjin.* «o
O. R. & N. CO.
STEAMEP.S WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of saillns.
SS. AMERICA MARU... Saturday, Aug. 10. 1S01
SS. HONGKONG MARU... f.
Wednesday, September 4* 1901
£S. NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
i21 Market street, corner First. '
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast A*ent
From Steuart street at t p. m.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40.
6. S. Arfcyll sails Satur lay; Aug. 10
5. S. Lcelanaw Kails Monday, Aug. 26
6. 6. Ar&vtl sni s Tuesday,' Sept. 24
PANAMA R. R.
TO NEW- YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Appanlp C C Pti flAWAl1 ' mhw » nev *
UVCQIESVO.O.VU. ZMUND «o SYDKEY,
" DIRECT LINE TO TAHITI.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa New
Zealand and Aus Thurs., Aug. 1. 10 a m_
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.:..........*;
Tuesday. ¦ August 6 io'a" m
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu....!..
. Saturday, August 10. 'f'p.' m
J. D.SPBECKELS k EROS. CO., General Agents, 327 Market St
fea'l Passenger Office, 643 Karkst St., Piir No. 7. Pacific St
Thos. E. "Wood, 818 17th St., Sacramento
Cal.: • "One 50. cent box of Pyramid Pile
Cure permanently cured me of piles. For
go years I suffered: underwent a fright-
ful operation, nearly died, - but failed to
cure. I was unable to walk when I. tried
Pyramid Pile Cure. The first application
relieved- me.",. All druggists sell it
Quickly cures every form of piles. Book
free by mail. Pyramid Drug Co., Mar-
shall. Mich 1 _ - - . - ¦•
Piles Cured
Aftes* 30 Years.
BAY AND EIVEB STEATJffEBS.
firflFirNAYrY^
Steamers GEN; FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
8:45 a. m.,' 8:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 32:30 noon, 8 p.m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* H
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing- and of-
fice, pier 2, AlUelon-it dock. HATCH BROS.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICA* A DE.VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 8. Pier 10. 12 m.
ACONCAGUA ..July -I GUATEMALA.. Aug. 2J
PERU August 7|PALENA Sept. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama. ) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agenta.
COXPAGNIE GENERALS TRAK8ATLANTIQDE
DRIECT LIKE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^,_
tailing every Thursday, instead of tfWZWt
taturdsy. at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. »5*«CHi»S
North River, foot of Morton street; La Bre-
tiLsne. July 25; La Champagne, August 1; La
Cascogne, August «; •!/ Aquitaine, August IS. -
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
claes to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway < Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco
Tickets cold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
. *Tirin Screw Express Steamer*.
' "Dear Sir-Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit haa
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varlcocele. eta, and en-
large small, weak "organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send yonr name and address to Dr I*
W. Knapp. 1373 Hull building, Detroit Mich,
and he will gladly send the- free receipt with
full directions so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This Is certainly a most gen-
erous offer, and the following extracts taken
from his dally mail show what men think of
his generosity: .
U "W. KNAPP. M. D.
been extraordinary. It has completely braceil
me up. i am Just as vigorous as whin i^»
"Dear Sir-Tour method worked beauftlfallv
Results were exactly what I needed <?tV«i^
and vtgror have completely returned l^d fn
largement Js entirely satisfactory?" en "
"Dear Sir— Yours was received and I ha* ««
trouble in making use of the receipt as direct
and can truthfully say It is a boon to w «1i
2fd n "vl|o^ Kreatly to P wed 1° •*£ »?ren|tS
~ A n . c ° r ' :es P t ' n <Jence is strictly confldentlaL
mailed In plain, seared envelope. The rwehvt
Can Havejt Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
Send Name and Address To-Day— -You
ADVEBTISEMIENTS.
A Sterling^^ Fupnlfupe fe
I Tired ol hearing about "cheap "iron beds!' |
I Let us tell you something about our good ones. |
I Notice the graceful curves $7 CQ Want a massive one with 1
|1 In this one — double size * • '** u i u inch nosts' H
Jj only— in white and gold buys this one. Its as •** c P° Bra - El
M • «*»<•> r**** strongly made and as well C4K ftft H
H J59iUO enamlled as the most ex- 3>lOiUU g
i Blue, light green, bronze pensive ones-only simpler w nibuyit. In plain white i
| green, choco^te. Po.peian only with solid %S? g*$&*& k ™i I
I $1O.OQ t t e r rTnd r dou^ 3 e^e r r qUar - light b.uo and gold, g
I Hm\ VAn N™! 8 " ' n Metal Beds I
I UUVll**' ¦*--'—.*-» -*=>Jv]m Two inch posts, and not a straight g
B 3l?G»^ A "%&^/o.: -•^8» or ugly lino in it. A hint at what we 13
S ?X-+Lr- <#&¦?£?> can B^ ow n ne beds at moderate prices H
K t^^SS^£ciA§^^^^^^^^^^' In Brass and green bronze, $30.00 ra
II 5^ c\ In Porcelain, blue and brass, S28.00 B
H I f r in™ ' n '^ M * \ t^ ¦ Speciols in the Drapery if
I x^^/V l\ Department This Week |
B GlT~V/~^l— I^^^-^j ) ¦ VELOL'R PIAXO SCARFS— 92 inches K
M f 1 w J^. J_^fii I loug: finished with silk fringe and cord fa
g , i '' . 1 * andT tassels for draping $2.25 n
W ' . I' - i I Forty pairs of lace curtains, one and I
« h • two pair of a kind. The last of some 9
H . u quick sellers, ?2.(.)0 curtains now $1.25: 3
B low the usual pr.ee. We'll share our „ Tapestry, portieres, two tone effects, 9
n good luck with you. 3 ?&* lon £ inches wide. This week |
| Price $3.35 $3.50 a pair I
g instead of £5.00 ~ 3
g Strong. Serviceable Polished Oak We'd be glad to have you 1
1 Some of the seats are upholstered in Open an account With US. I
I You ca n make the pay _ |
B As the supply is limited we can"t mentS to suit vnur enn- 1
I accept mail or telephone orders for » lcI |«-5> «» your COH- |
I those rockers. i vemenCC. 9
I ARM CHAIR SBBiuL-oa r DIVAN RECEPTI0X CHAIR |
i $7.OO :," $8.50 $4.25 I
§ ThreesPiece Parlor Suite, $19.75 I
B *v %** 1&soj n el 7 polished t rames of birch, finished mahogany color. Picture tells of §L
M tne flainty design. tSr
g They are upholstered in handsome silk tapestries— your choice of a dozen patterns M
¦ ¦ and colors. * ¦Is
g It's our own good upholstery, made on the premises— the kind we guarantee to eive H
n years and years of service. Sold separately or as a three-piece suite. If
Sterling F\irnit\ire I
Prlv.teExIwa^ef^QI^Q^^-^^uPd^A^ 1 '
LaJ 1O39^MarKet^Street L__ J
= Opposite .McAllister ,, |^^^^™Hy
illi^^Hj BlP Annually Abandon Home, Friends and I
FK^ l|i P^^t Business to Escape the ¦ l,| m^Na
|^.^^^V^#^ Miseries of This Period!- %. rl SC^Sa
L^^!^) eai Catarrh.
K rfp^J^ "P^'^ V -Were you ever at the station of a hay.fever resort during the MV&> ' % ifjfQw*wlfl
i *~^^iJi?W*n f iO /Ms \\\ latter Weeks ° f Au B ust ? Oh » the P antin g» weeping, snufaing, sneez- fflfe' a K^to'] '' p*fl
1%® iMj^f^/^^m^f iDg> coughin 2' busky-voiced throng! Disgusted with themselves, ' "''* KSl HB^i^^^ii
R$8&«' *Kr Ym ft I compelled to drop every interest and take an expensive journey to get »| V\\W I I r= C^fe§3
HliTTA A^S*rA relief fr °m a most exasperating and misery-engendering malady. A » p
ll^i/^ n^bd!^ W\\) dejected, listless, disgruntled crowd. Va a
IW%^\ l2£ :>S -r»5Sf - H JuSt listen tO their tales of woe - Sa 7* one > b^ween sneezes, n« K^ ,H
!!&• rWpiuA '^ don ' t6eeh °w my business can spareme, but with this I was worao A |1 vSJ(\|a
lil VoilT flffi^w/^^B than useless there." Another wails: "I could have had a desirable JiL f_-—^Sy|i
15^ Slffi&^M^IM *f®l ECh001 at a g00d salary but the ter . m be S ins the first ™*k of Septem- fiifflk iT^iSOSx-i
Hfi"3£^R\??M W YiSS/ ber and there X TVOuld be >unable to do oore than attend to my nose ( TOj% § *
Wl \--vJ'lfew> / 4 iLBsF till after a heavy frost." Another: "This is the harvest time for my MMM f=* jcSB'il
ft) ' J "ftV* wM^'^&W business and hirelings won't half gather it in." Another: "I had to RUli Jill IKrM^
I O^SS&ffl /J5Is^»awJ» IUn aWa3r fr ° m a dan S erousl 7 i" child I should have nursed, but, in 1 1 MI 1 1 -^! tik^H
W (#?%%%&$ \ SB*' r'Wr my condition J was a disturbing element instead o'f a factor for com- R 3 i i "^^SB
1 M~SMm IW^AaX f ° rt in the Sick r °° m '" And Iike com P laints ; not one out for fun, not jLM 1
m^^&ES&Vllw'-'?' ~^A ° ne happy in the enforced exile ; J" ust prisoners to locality, waiting for § fj
jtgv £ffW[ JillV'-C^MMk r, K these peopIe earIy in the season had Purchased Stuart's zs£. A I
WXL-% A J |\ 1\\II11 Catarrh Tablets ' Which are for 8aIe by a11 druggists at 50 cents a box, & 1
ITv\$ £M v m VmBPW aDd tak6n th6m f aithf xmj SO M t0 * et their 8 y stems thoroughly under I ! I.'.'- A Sf 1
If \ %<w \\lftvliw tbeir lnfluence ' they wouId hav « been rendered immune to the excit- £*" ?;? /ri( ' MSiA Ifl
i ¦ \Vffl'& A WSflNr antS ° f autumnal cata "Q, the plant dust that has no unpleasant effect ' JP) V* v^ftn V M
1 A - on constitutionally perfect people. They could have attended to IH> fc ' Ml '"-^M
1 _%^ " /^\\\V\i'^&^S™^. d r P d ° r tbeir P leasures and been- spared an expensive journey 'j|CO V>^ jSvli "*H
m/jj \t^ WlmlBHll , f "k" 6 f S e 7 nd bOOkJet On the cause and cure of hay-fever f * Jlllv I
BctA; x BBW SSSS 1 *^ to aU " ho appl7 " Add - ssF - A - stuart co., iLL fllf, J
ADVERTISEMENTS.• SOME OF THE MEN WHO WERE PROMINENT AT THE MEETING OF THE REPUBLICAN STATE CENTRAL
COMMITTEE AT GOLDEN GATE HALL YESTERDAY AFTERNOON, AT WHICH THE TILDEN COUNTY
CENTRAL COMMITTEE WAS DECLARED TO HAVE AUTHORITY. ,
What are you all called here for, some of you
hundreds of miles? To decide which Is the
C«unty Committee? Npt at all. What differ
ence does it make which of these committees
is declared to be the .Qounty Committee? Both
of them go out of existence with this next con
vention. Is It to recognize a regular ticket?
Is It to recognize party discipline and party
organization? There are parties, members of
this very State Central Committee, who are
here to-day to vote upon this proposition who
went out openly and talked and voted for the
defeat of the .regular nominees of the Repub
lican party at the last election, and they are
certainly not here to vote according to their
honest Judgment as a matter of party dis
cipline to hold Republicans In line; men who
Abe Ruef occupied the entire thirty min
utes allotted to the other side. ' After deal
ing with tho question at issue and fur
nishing some of the facts which Tilden
had forgotten to mention, he concluded
as follows : -
mittee's Case in Able Speech.
Abe Ruef Presents the Bouvier Com-
SOME PLAHT FACTS STATED.
minutes.
Augustus Tilden, as chairman of the
protesting . committee, came forward to
represent that side. He spoke fifteen minr
utes, going into the history of the two
committees and the "vexatious apportion
ment." He modestly referred to his com
mittee as "the committee of which Mr.
Tilden is chairman" whenever he had oc
casion to speak of it,- and that was often.
in a^False Position.
Van Duzer Says It Is Being Placed
A. P. Van Duzer objected strenuously
to the part of the resolutions which de
clared the Bouvier committee to be with-
ADMINISTRATION 1 WARNED.
This decision Is the decision In writing of
the said State Central Committee contemplated
and required in ,the' premises by and Is ren
dered in accordance with and by. virtue of sec
tion 1186 of the Political Code of California,
and shall be attested by the secretary of said
State Central Committee, and a duplicate
thereof shall be filed by said secretary with the
Board of Election Commissioners of said city
and county not later than 9 o'clock a. m. of
tho 22d day of July, 1901.
It Is further found, decided and determined
that said body of which Alfred Bouvier is
chairman and J. F. McGlynn is secretary does
not represent and is not the governing com
mittee of nor has It at any time or period
herein mentioned represented or been the gov
erning committee of said party In said city
and county, but the said body is and at all
times and oeriods herein mentioned haa been
without standing or4.uthority to represent said
party In said territory or any part thereof.
Whereas, It has been brought to the at
tention <pf the State Central Committee of the
Republican party : of; California that there ex
ists; In -the city and. county of San. Francisco
two bodies claiming to represent said Repub
lican party in said city and county as the
governing committees thereof, of one of which
bodies Alfred Bouvier, Esq., is chairman, and
J. F» McGlynn, Esq., is secretary, and of the
other of which . bodies Augustus Tilden,' Esq.,
Is chairman, and A. B. Mahoney, Esq., is sec
retary, the said State Central Committee hav
ing on this -20th day of July, 1901," convened In
special meeting regularly called for the pur
pose of hearing the claims of said bodies and
dstermirlng and deciding which thereof repre
sents said party In said territory, -and said
bqdles having appeared before said State Cen
tral Committee at said time by their respec
tive chairmen and counsel, and the State Cen- x
tral" Committee having heard the proofs ad
duced and argruments made for and on behalf
of the respective bodies and having fully con
sidered the name, now therefore, it is by th<»
said State Central Committee found, decided
and determined that said body of which Au
gustus Tilden. Esq., is chairman, and A. / B.
Mahony, Esq., is secretary, represents and
continuously since the 1st day of January, 190L
has represented said Republican party in said
city and county, and is and continuously since
said 1st day of January, 1901, has been th«
governing committee thereof, and said Au
gustus Tilden and A. B. Mahony are hereby
found and decided to be and are hereby named
as the chairman and secretary thereof, re
spectively.
A. B. Truman toofc* the platform and
made a pyrotechnic speech, denouncing
the Bouvier committee. He asserted his
allegiance to the Grand Hotel wing o'f the
party. Afterward he voted the Martin
Kelly programme, for himself and the
members whose proxies he held.
Senator Corlett hit Truman a solar
plexus by objecting to his further waste
of -the committee's time. V Truman sub
sided.. . , , . ¦ .
Chairman Stone declared the time al
lotted for debate exhausted. ;
J. W. McKinley of Los Angeles prompt
ly offered the following resolution, neatly
typewritten for the occasion: % ¦ . .. \ ,
the Typewritten Programme
Resolution.
McKinley of I*os Angeles Springs
TEUMAN IS PYBOTECHNIO.
voted against State Senators, . who have the
nomination and election" of a United States
Senator. . and who voted for Democrats, should
not come here and tell us that they are voting
for .party discipline and party organization.
The di.ttrence of opinion here is whether the
Republicans of San Francisco shall b* "^pre
sented In a municipal convention" 1 for the pur
pose of nominating a Mayor and other mu
nicipal officers by 301 Republicans or 351. If
there is any other question involved . In this
case now I am willing to aayj that we will
withdraw our petition and we will allow the
Tilden committee's apportionment to stand. I
do not wish to say why the Tilden committee's
apportionment is better or worse than ours.
That Is, a matter with which you gentlemen
have, no concern and about which I do not care
to argue. But that is the sole question that
is before you. - : • " .' ." .
« A proposition, was made before . either com
mittee acted that the committees should agree
upon an apportionment. But it is bruited about
on every street corner and boasted of in every
barroom in San Francisco where politicians
congregate that this committee will decide that
ths Tilden committee is the committee. I. do
not say that they _will, -but that is the report.
Are you going to take up that question here
and decide it and wantonly " break up the Re
publican party of San Francisco by unwar
ranted interference which will redound to the
disadvantage of the party in future State cam
paigns? I am as good a Republican as stands
upon this floor, and I I wanted to avoid any
question of this kind and the necessity of
having: it determined by. you gentlemen from
the interior, as well as my 'distinguished con
freres upon this committee from San Francisco.
The latter are here in full force. and are ready
to vote according to the dictates of their con
sciences; and they have eighteen aggregate con
sciences which will vote with singular unanim
ity. Some of them hold places', on the water
front and some of them hold places elsewhere,
and they can't vote for themselves: if they had
a conscience they couldn't vote according to
it,'. because they are afraid of losing their Jobs.
You will have the Republican party broken into
pieces unless you establish a uniform law.
I .am going to vote the ticket nominated by
the convention, no matter whether the Tilden
committee or the Bouvier committee or the
Republican Primary League prevails. . I am
going to stand by the party better than some
of these gentlemen who are talking about party
organization and party discipline. I reserve
the right only that if the nominations of the
'party are. of such a debased character that a
man cannot in justice to his own self-respect
vote for them I am not obliged to support
them, even to oblige the bosses. But I am
willing, upon any fairly good Republican con
vention, to say that I do not care which fac
tion controls if it nominates a ticket la the
interest of the party. .
rrl ask- you, gentlemen, whether people have
spoken to you before or not about this matter/
to vote in the interest of the Republican party,
vote honestly, vote- disinterestedly, and let it
go out that here Is only one governing body,
one County Committee In the city and county
of San Francisco every two years., and not a
heterogeneous congregation of fifteen or twenty
dissimilar and not homogeneous masses, each
claiming to be a committee.
H. Barker: "W- J. James, for J. T. Laird; E.
I. Ensign, for Z. B. West; J. "W. McKlnley. for
M. J. Daniels and Orestes Orr: A. B. Truman;
tor William Larnpert; Benjamin Brooks, for J.
'A. Watt: Jesse V E. • Marks, for Kmile Bauer; J.
D. Mackenzie, for Frank Covey; A. P.' Van
Duzer, for J. S. Beard; David Rich, for T. C.
Hocking; Judson Brusle, for E. E. Gaddis.
TATYK OF PLAIN DUTY.
Committee Eefuses to Leave Question
to Decision of Election Com
missioners.
Chairman Stone declared a quorum
present and after the reading of the call
for the meeting and of the communication
from Augustus Tilden and A. B. Mahoney
which led to the meeting being called,
Colonel Stone said it was apparent that
the committee had a plain duty to per
form and called for discussion. ¦
J. "W. Knox of Merced moved that no
action be taken and the question be left
for the Election Commissioners to decide.
A. P. Van Duzer seconded the motion,
and it was j promptly voted down. ", .
On motion of A. B. Lemmon, after.' a
hurried conference with J. W. McKinley,
it was decided to limit each side to thirty
farther and practically proclaimed that
Republicans of any organization other
than that controlled by the bosses were
unworthy of recognition. The . issue Is
therefore brought directly before the peo
ple of San Francisco.
The session was enlivened by several
ludJcrous incidents. The master of cere
mo*i'es was Judge J. "W. McKinley of Loa
Angeles. His right hand supporter was
Walter F. X. Parker of Los Angeles, who
draws from the public treasury $2000 a
year as expert of the State Board of Ex-
McEwen Brothers report that they will
arrange to have subdivisions of the Alta
Punta ranch, near Berkeley, cared for
until the fruit-trees come into bearing if
purchasers so "wish. -¦ .
Gus Harshall has bought the northeast
corner of Sixth and Clementina streets,
with inprovements, Shalnwald, Buckbee &
Co., being the brokers, for 524.500.
The mortgages and releases of the
week, with two or three exceptions, were
individually quite small. The deeds
placed on record include the Potrero
property sold by many owners to tfie
Santa Fe Railroad Company. The deed
was recorded transferring for 540,000 63:9x
127:8^4, with improvements, on the north
line of Jackson street, 137:6 feet east from
Octavia, from the estate of Adolph Bes
singer to "William Metson.
Morton L. Cook has purchased from "3.
TV. Farren (Bovee, Toy & Sonntag acting
as brokers), 45:10x137:6 on the east line of
Beale street. 183:4 south from Mission, for
130,000.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold lota
29x137:6 on the south line of Union street,
158 feet east from Octavla, for $3000;. 27:6x
137 :G on the north line of Broadway. 167:6
feet east from Pierce street, for 54675; 25x
127:6 on the north line of Pag© street,' 207:6
feet west from Webster, for $3000; ,51:6x,
114 on the south line of Twenty-fourth
street, near Diamond, for $300. ' -
"With the exception of the great deal
made for the Santa Fe Railroad Company
in Potrero^ lands, an account of which
has been" published in this paper, the
transactions in realty during the last
week have not been large ones. Never
theless the market is in fine shape. Brok
ers report many recent sales.
Recent Deals in Realty
Make Long Array
in Total
BROKERS QUOTE
BUYER'SPR ICE
A number of ladies who are interested
in dogs; met last evening in the offices of
the "Breeder and Sportsman" j and organ
ized , the Ladles' Kennel Club. Temporary
officers and committees were appointed.
The meeting was adjourned until August
2. ¦' '••¦. v' . ¦¦ ¦- • -¦ ¦ • - •• •- .¦¦ '
Ladies' Kennel Club Organized.
The will of George F. Gordon, late mem
ber of the law firm of Gordon & tpung.
was filed for probate yesterday. The tes
tator, left no relatives. His law library Is
bequeathed to Edward B. Young; $1000 to
Miss Nellie Cane, daughter of Dr. Alfred
Cane: $1000 to John Thompson, a nephew
of decedent's wife, and $1000 to , "William
P. Hassell, for years the clerk In tbe em
ploy of the firm. '
George F. Gordon's Will.
"William, Roberts, who was convicted by
a jury in Judge Cook's court < on ' the
charge of attempt to rob j Frederick
Wright on. March 9, was yesterday sen
tenced to fourteen years in San Quentin.
Robert Phillips, who pleaded guilty to a
charge of robbing Albert . Schwartz on
March 19, was sentenced to five years in
Folsom penitentiary.
Robbers Are Sentenced.
THE rawest programme ever de
vised by corrupt bosses was car
ried out to the letter by the Re
publican State Central Committee
at Golden Gate Hall yesterday.
When boss orders were given for assem
bling the committee this journal an
nounced that the sole purpose of the pro
posed meeting was to give the local
bosses— Crlmmins and Kelly— an endorse
ment to save them from utter defeat and
demoralization. The prediction is verified.
. The proceedings at Golden Gate Hall
yesterday afternoon demonstrated the fact
clearly that State officeholders were under
orders to line up behind Kelly and Crlm
mlns. In truth, there was no effort mado
to conceal Governor Gage's endorsement
of the boss programme. The agents of
bossism were not satisfied with endorsing
¦Crltnmins and Kelly, but went a step
Colonel George Stone, for H. D; Loveland,
F E. Wadsworth; A. B. Lemmon. for Wake
field Baker and J. C. Bull Jr. of Humbojdt; A.
Ruef for P. N. Llllenthal and James E. Dye;
C W Pendleton, for J. 8. Slausson: Walter F.
Parker, for C. S. Hardy. C. W. Oetchell, T.
C Bouldln and A.P.Crosj; E. F. Woodward, for
Frank Smith; J. W. Kirk, for J. L. Allison;
E F. Mitchell, for George W. Jones;" Jacob
Shaen for A. Hochhelmer and J. H. Batcher;
E I. Robinson, for Adam Putnam and- I>.. L.
Chamberlin: J. M. Oliver, for A. C. Maude; B.
J Emory, for M. J. Arrington; J. L. Copeland,
for GeorM L." Arnold; A. Penninjcton. for J.
William J. Brady, Charles Bundschu, Thomas
Kirkpatrick, George Stone, Allen B. Lemmon,
W. M. Cutter* J. W. McKinley, Walter F.
Parker of the executive committee: Hush DI
mond, Alameda; H. V. Alvarado, Contra Cos
ta; Walter F. Parker, Los Angeles; J. W.
Knox, Merced; Robert' Corlitt, Napa; Thomaa
Flint Jr.. San Benito; D. C. Collier Jr., , Ban
Diego; Horace Jackson. Thomas J. Doherty, D.
D.. Sullivan. E. I. Robinson. L. D. MacDonald,
Max Goldlwrs, WHUam T. Howe, M. J. Flynn,
K M. Buckley and Thomas Bheehan, San Fran
cisco; Benjamin Brooks, San Luis Obispo; Ed
mund M. Burke, Santa Barbara; J. D. Mac
kenzie. Santa Clara: W: F. Price and E. F.
Woodward. Sonoma. . • ¦ •
Proxies were appointed as follows:
Roars of laughter greeted the suggestion
of A. Ruef that the Judge must have had
a typewriting machine concealed about
his clothing in order to have produced the
resolution so soon after, the argument was
finished. It was obvious to the dullest
observer of events that the resolution waa
prepared and typewritten long before the
committeemen had listened to a word of
the argument on the question.
The postmaster of Santa Rosa and Wal
ter Parker of Los Angeles, who are tak
ing such absorbing interest in the munici
pal affairs of San Francisco,, were on the
alert to render McKinley assistance.
When the talk about the outrageous in
trusion of the committee won from the
fair-minded Republicans cheering ap
plause the Santa Kosa postmaster moved
the previous question. The programmers
did not want to hear the plain, unvar
nished truth from A. P. Van Duzer, A.
Ruef, Wallace Bradford, J. W. Knox and
Senators Thomas Flint and Robert Cov
lett. -.
Martin Kelly was on hand to see that
his henchmen did not falter. Judge Dib
ble was there, but did not participate in
the proceedings. He was tendered a proxy
but declined it. The mess was too raw
for the Judge to swallow. Johnny Mac
kenzie of Santa Clara and Max Goldberg
of this city sat together and looked
pleased. There Is nothing In a slaughter
house too raw for either of them- Jesse
Marks, "Corney" Pendleton, Jake Shaen,
ex-Assemblymen Rickard, Fisk and "Col
onel" Brady graced the occasion. Boss
Kellv surveyed the bunch with & glow of
delight. There Is not the slightest doubt
that D. M. Burns gave orders for his fol
lowers to get 'in behind Kelly and Crim
mlnn, because E. I. Robinson, who gets
Burns' permission to breathe, voted a
bunch of proxies for the Kelly programme.
Colonel George Stone called the meeting
to order at a quarter past 2 o'clock. J.
M. Oliver, officiating as assistant secre
tary, called the roll. The following mem
bers, responded to the call of their names :
Laugh, at the Blunder.
aminers. His left hand supporter was Al
len B. Lemmon. postmaster of Santa
Rosa. All three were stuffed with proxies.
It was noted that Judge McKinley held
the proxy of Orestes Orr of Ventura.
Judge McKinley arrived from Los An
geles Friday. He and Walter Parker met
the chairman of the State Committee at
the Palace Friday evening. The formal
resolution endorsing the Tilden committee
was revised and adopted that evening. A
typewritten copy was placed in Judge Mc-
Kinley's pocket. Five minutes after the
argument was concluded yesterday the
Judge drew from his pocket the resolution
and read it. When he came to the words
"having listened to the argument" the
anti-boss members exchanged smiles.
Although an autopsy will be held on
Grayson's body there Is not the slightest
doubt in the minds of his relatives and
friends that death was due to heart fail
ure. On Friday evening be was se.en on
the San Rafael ferry boat by two friends
and he Informed them that he was a sick
man and was taking a ride on the boat
for the fresh air. One of the gentlemen
Stated last evening that on Friday night
Grayson looked like a dying man and he
warned him to take the best care of
himself. - _ • „ • . >
Three months ago the young man had a
fainting spell on coming 'out of his bath
room, and when .he recovered conscious
ness found. himself. lying on the floor. He
had lain the whole night in that condition.
He sent for his physician. Dr. Shlels, who
warned him. that the attack was a danger
ous indication ct heart disease. On a re
cfht visit to Seattle he had a prescription
filled— a lie art tonic. The bottle, contain
ing about a t^aspoonful ot the medicine,
was found in -his room by Deputv Coroner
Meehan yesterday when .he called to in
vestigate the case.
The father ci the dead man said yester
day that kis son had never complained of
sickntcs, and the only occasion upon
which he had" been led to believe that
something waa wrong was when he was
told of tbe fainting spell. " * "•"
Robert R. Grayson was ( born in Red
Bluff, Teb'ama County, thirty-five years
ago. He was educated at Harvard and
was proficient in the Greek classics. He
was a popular member of the Vaciflc-
Union Club and of the Elks. He was en
gaged to marry Miss Jennie Dunphy and
the- wedding was to have ' taken place in
the fall.,. .•
- With the passing of "Bob" Grayson, as
he was popularly called, another familiar
figure will be missed "along the line." He
was a man of most generous Impulses and
was a true bohemian In every sense of
the word.: He was a universal favorite,
and his company was much In demand by
his. bachelor friends on account of his
bright and clever conversational powers.
He was passionately fond of all athletic
sports.
The funeral will take place on Monday
afternoon from the late residence of the
deceased in Oakland, the services being in
charge of the Elks, members of San Fran
cisco Lodge No. 3 performing the last sad
rites. .
Mr. Grayson attended the Pacific-Union
Club last Friday night' and was. in more
than usual good humor. His father,
George W. Grayson, capitalist, with of
fices at 331 Pine -street., missing his son
from his office in the forenoon called yes
terday after lunch at the flat, 393 Geary
street, to see what had detained him. Re
ceiving no response to his summons, he
called the landlady and an entrance was
effected with a pass key. ,llr. Grayson
lay in bed, apparently asleep. A closer
inspection revealed the fact that he was
dead, or apparently so. Dr. BurKess was
summoned in haste and. declared that
death had occurred a few hours pre
viously.
Robert R. Grayson, mining operator and
of tha firm of Ralston & Grayson, 331 Pine
street, died suddenly and unexpectedly
yesterday morning at his lodgings, 393
Geary street. Mr. Graysoh had been in
the best of health and spirits recently, and
his death came as a shock to his many
friends, who had not known that he was
suffering from a mortal disease.
SUDDEN DEATH
OF R. R. GRAYSON
Well-Known Mining Man
Unexpectedly Passes
Away.
A. B. Leihrhon said that before adjourn
ment a question concerning the Congres
sional committees should be settled. Un
der the reapportionment confusion in the
committees had arisen. He moved that
members of Congressional committees be
declared members of the committee of the
district In , which they now reside. TTie
motion prevailed without opposition.
A meeting of the committee of the new
Second Congressional District was . held
after the adjournment of the State Cen
tral Committee," and organization was ef
fected by the election of "W. F. Price of
Sonoma as chairman and William Barr
of Marin as secretary. ! They were the of
ficers of the old First . Congressional Dis
trict Committee. '
Eeapportionment Is Corrected.
Van Duzer Insisted upon the-considera
tion of his amendment, and upon a pre
vious question, moved by A. B. Lemmon,
the "Van Duzer amendment was lost by
a vote of eight ayes to fifty noes. The
vote was "not a test : of", the relative
strength of the two sides, but the Bouvier
element saw the futility of further oppo
sition, and rollcall was not demanded on
the question of the adoption of the reso
lution offered by McKinley. On a weak
viva voce vote - it was declared duly
adopted and. the purpose of the meeting
was accomplished. > . ,..
COlTGRESSIOirAl/ COMMITTEES.
Confusion .Caused by Changes Under
I desire to offer another amendment. I move
that from this typewritten resolution, which
was prepared after the argument evidently
daughter), there be eliminated the followlne
words: •"Having heard the proofs adduced and
arguments made for and on behalf of the re
spective bodies, and having fully considered
the same," upon the ground that this resolu
tion was prepared evidently before any argu
ment was made or any hearing had— unless the
gentleman had a typewriter in his pocket.
(Renewed laughter.) "We, certainly, as Repub
licans desire all our resolutions, whether they
be in vriting or in typewriting, to speak pretty
near the truth. I move the adoption of that
amendment. _ •
Ruef took up a remark of McKinley's
as»well as the language of the resolution
and created some fun at the expense of
the programmers. He said: > '
Programme Are Unsuccessful.
TH.ITJMPH OF THE BOSSES.
All Attempts to Depart at All From
McKlnley disclaimed any such Intention
and any such meaning or effect in the
resolution. He said:
There is an important precedent to be estab
lished which ought to be established right
now, and that is that this committee will meet
and ncrform the duty imposed upon • it .un
der the provisions of section U86 and determine
wherever there Is a dispute which is the proper
governing committee in a particular subdivis
ion of the State, of which San Francisco la
one. That provision of the code, I take it, is
very clear, and it is our duty to act under it.
And upon the presentation of the- case as I
have heard it I believe Mr. Tilden's committee
is such committee.
- ¦ .. • ¦ -
¦I say that this committee ought not. to make
a precedent of interfering in municipal poli
tics. If we do we shall never see the" end
of it. So I say that we must not allow that
clause to stand. It is simply a slur, and it
will serve to exasperate the feellnss of the
men upon whom it reflects.
out standing and moved that it be strick
en out. He said: : 1
We are putting ourselves In a false position,
and there is an attempt hero to put the State
administration, of which. we ought to be proud,
in a false position. I say that no man in Cali
fornia did more than I did to place that ad
ministration in power, and I have a "right to
say that that administration, if it chooses to
do so, haa a right to go before the people for
Indorsement at the proper time, but we are
putting thorn in a position where they will
bo ground to powder, when we ought not to
do it. - -
/ ¦ ...- • - . ¦ - ¦ ¦ • - -•¦•¦ - ¦¦-•-,¦¦-- .-. ¦¦ - .• . . .- ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, StJNpAY,: V JUI-.Y 2=1, 1901.
Tilden Contingent in Local Politics Receives the Badge of- Authority From
the General Body, and Its Rival, the Bouvier, Organization, Is Declared to
Be Without Standing— Governor's Men Are Warned Against Interference
ADMINISTRATION SUPPORTS BOSSES
AND ACTING UNDER ORDERS SWINGS
STATE CENTRAL COMMITTEE INTO LINE
21
GRAPE-NTTTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Unpleasantly if
You Uso ¦
And a Sure One.
The Body Does Not Feel Heat
PROPOSITION
A COOL
People can live In a temperature which
feels from ten to twenty degrees cooler
than their neighbors enjoy by regulat-
ing the breakfast.
The plan is to avoid meat entirely for
breakfast; use a goodly allowance of
fruit, either cooked or raw. Then fol-
low with a saucer containing about four
heaping teaspoonfuis • of Grape-Nuts,
treated with a little rich cream. Add to
this about two slices of entire wheat
bread, with a meager amount of butter,
and serve one cup of . Postum Food
Coffee.
If one prefers, the Grape-Xuts can be
turned into the cup of Food Coffee, giv-
ing a delightful combination. By this
selection of food the bodily energy is
preserved, while the hot, carbonaceous
foods have been left out. The result is
a very marked difference in the tempera-
ture of the body, and to this comfortable
condition is added the certainty of easy
and perfect digestion, for the food Is
readily worked up by the digestive ma-
chinery.
Experience and experiment in, food
and Its application to the human body
have brought out these facts.. They can
be made use of and add materially to' tho
-^mfort of th» user.
KEEP COOL FROM PROPER HOT
WEATHER FOOD.
Bad Circulation is the cause of most of the ills that come with old age. With
advancing yearo there is a decline of strength and vigor— the machinery of the
body moves "with less speed and accuracy. Because of the weak and irregular
action of the heart the blood moves more slowly, becomes impure and loses much
of its life-sustaining properties, and muscles, tissues and nerves literally starve for
lack of nourishment. A sluggish and polluted circulation is followed by a long
train of bodily ailments. Cold feet, chilly sensations up and down the spine, poor
appetite and digestion, soreness of the muscles, rheumatic pains, hard and fissured
skin, face sores, chronic running ulcers on the lower, limbs and other parts of the
body — these and many other diseases peculiar to old people are due to a lack of
healthy blood and imperfect circulation. Restoration to health must come through
the building up and purification of the blood, thus adding strength and tone to
the vital organs and quick, healthy action to the circulation. • . s .
: S. S. S. being strictly a vegetable blood- remedy and the best tonic, makes it
the most valuable and efficacious of all medicine for old peoole. It is free from all
mineral ingredients, and mild and pleasant in its action. It cures blood diseases
of every character, even those inherited or contracted in early life. As the system
gets under the influence of S. S. S. there is a marked improvement in the general
health, and as richer and purer blood begins to. circulate through the body the
appetite improves, and there is a softness, and elasticity about the skin. that you
have not noticed for years ; spres begin to heal, pains in muscles and joints grad-
ually cease, and you find that it is possible to be happy and healthy even in oldage.
Our medical department is in charge of physicians who make a study of blood
and skin diseases.' If you /would like to have their opinion and advice in your
case, write them all about it and you shall receive such information and advice as
you want This will cost you nothing. Others have found, our medical depart-
ment of great benefit to them— their cure being much more rapid as the result of
some special directions received from our, physiciansV • * '.
Don't be your own doctor -when you can get medical advice free. Book on
Blood and Skin Diseases mailed to all who desire it.: ; ' '
• THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA. GA.
The remedy haa a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It ls needed.
It cures all the His and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed; and the free samples will enable them,
to see how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or • pul" 1 - .
licity. Readers are requested to writo
without delay. , . - ¦•- - ¦' ---7 ,
Free trial • packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years' against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
Ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package SeL.t by Mail
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
SENT FREE TO MEN!
JOE EOSENBEEG'S.
JOE EOSENBEEG'S.
JOE EOSENBEEG'S.
» ¦ ; -
fi'lllEi PEOPLE
I 'MnM In Our Knitted^Underwear Department. S/w*jffi\^ a
I rv-'i'-'i^^ ¦•jJraipryyYfc^ If there is anything new you -will be \ \ V -*/» \ j" 3
H V-^r'/p^S^ ? ' 'wTO^^^^tefc^- ' sure to find it at Joe Rosenberg-'s. This V >s j-*Y^y^ / a
II f/4 1 Jp^wriVV \ irTlsiiliiSRSy^i^y neclc and arm3 drawn tnrou s h wlth a 8llk PfWv %
il \ luimfwUiWll k&lteW Tnat ls what has made this store so popular. We are putting on sale for this week $1
19 l fnJ VraW some of the newest meshes in plain and dotted effects, also complexion veils.
pa 9 T II \ ' j^ *JE*fflS»^ These veils are equal to any 50c veil. Our way of selling — «JC H
I frf W " ome e^ a * fles * n flr ea^ er 6°°^ Department. |
fSj. I j ]/ LADIES' PURSE AND CARD CASE COMBINED, made of extra fine and §3
raj XI I f ¦' .- m strong leather. - warranted SEWED, not glued; patent steel frame, the kind that »
H -" ¦'. you cannot lose your money out of, plain, fancy and sterling silver corners. JTop> |3
1 This Will Be the Last Week of Oar >Maslin Under- A Snrprise in Our Suit Department. |
H wear Sale v « Iue * <<> b* ladies* shirt "waist suits, made *$§• ra
H nvui nuiwi Remembe-ed. ; of XX fine French lawn, waist has i.4
H LADIES' DRAWERS— Made of extra -^ter^ tu/rked back and full front,' new bishop tfw^a G£
Bj fine soft bleached -muslin, trimmed with ZClT^yk sleeve with .narrow tailor stitched i cuffs, i/Nwsw^ W
\ fine embroidery, 1 also tucks. Special. -5Oc : ? also narrow, stitched collar, with em- JS /*»- ifi
jfl - LADIES' " GOWNS Made of extra «^ 1 broidered - over collar. The skirt ls full <3 f\i\\JSfo S
| strong soft bleached muslin, tucked yoke, Jfa&gsL w L d A^ Iw C P U k,! lth T SA e !?!, : Hffl'MT
g finished . with embroidery and insertion" white, pink or blue. These *> and J6 s uits Uj»| 1 • H
H double yqke back. Your opportunity.. 89c . !a * aK ' now selling for S-.Jb V li\\ ML |I
B There Is Nothing Better Than the Best, Again. '¦'¦'. 1
\ And Here's the Best for tho I.es6t-29c for o 50c Ho«e. And Here's What Yon Have Been €l§^^^ \
§| 35 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK HOSE, made of » ocking Ft. . \
m best French lisle, double heels and toes, full width and Something new— a SHmT WAIST, straight front. N3
m . length. Your opportunity for » 29c " extended; it is made of the best Quality summer net- «
m ANOTHER— 75 dozen CHILDREN'S HOSE, made of tine, boned with featherbone. neatly bound with tape; a
|i XX English lisle thread, fine Swiss ribbed, warranted it assures the wearer the stylish, straight front figure 3
8 -fast black, double heels, toes and extra long and so much in vogue this season. It is light, easily adjust- 3
Kg soft as velvet to the wearer. We sell aa we advertise... ed and very inexpensive. Our price 23c a.
I ;V'":""^ri"-i7:,r^:i-^::; D """" • 23c $1.75 for a $2.50 Skirt. i
U nfly Be MOHt nlien YOU tan Be i Dill LADIES' SKIRT, made of the finest imported Ger- £
I By Wearing Ro.enb^V WoHd-Renowned "He, g« jSTfelSS'SSJ SSh.^lf leSS. T d £nff2S 9
m _. Majesty Corset. you more for the material, without the making, than. I
m ,, yo Jf r corset aoes n °t flt there Is a uj> ¦¦ .- what we ask for this skirt S1.73 j
m small chance for your dress fitting. Get YaCV , , M . . m » \ x%t j A
m your corsets here and profit by our ex- fcJSn ' A SfllTt WaiSt WOffller. 3
En Pert corset fitters. This corset is made of %FV a »~,.,ii «,,o«+»t«. *t t innrq 1 om-RT WAT«IT<? ft
¦9 th» verv finest imnnrtpri <3«tp«»n hnroH * K. " A small quantity or j aAJ->iji.o oxiirtx vvaioj.». «
H with the best tempered itells-^whilethlv >^O?l made °* the finest <«" a »ty of percale, detachable collar, fil
M brace the T body they -wilfn^t break or <&>>* also embroidered over collar, soft cuffs: comes in dot- M
¦ shapes. We guarantee these corsets for W'/j, than $1. Our sale price oUC £|
n ninety days, and if not satisfactory XviSuy ' T^t=-ath(^r» Rnnc -fik 'M
H . another one free. Our price with the »,V*«* rcaiiiw • uuao g£L V-!
H guarantee S3. 73 * At Prices You Will Aever 5S
I Do You Want the New Straight=Front Form ? w© bougM uy the h m m from in an° Eastern iOIl 1
M If ?o. Try the Gothqm Can't-SJip Hose Supporter. manufacturer that needed ready money. fixS%&S\ P 1
m It holds fast to the corset and is supe- s*\\ Thev are made of the very best duality /gai&fS* P
H rlor to any kind made; neither loosens the . »»' °f A/^ °^ ricl l>,^ a i^f, r9 v^ n < f * "^Iwilr' I
H corset or slips off when stooping; it re- 3"U • rIcn lu v tre \£ boa that 660 ,wil; ' I
m duces the abdomen and produces an ideal fiCjX remember they are marked amazingly |
B form. It is 'also the belt hose supporter /JtSS/ low: colors black or £ ray - >lOte a ,l 1 l? R0S& |
EJ made. Its superiority can be seen at a. ' VvX'Sljl Price • 5&J.O j
i* glance. Any weman wearing it once will 1T1?X$\lrr ' Sflie of RibbOHS. H
Jg never be without it. It ls made of the \l\WY\\ oaic ' , " 7 1 M
¦ best frilled and plain elastic; colors pink, H IM/ H BLACK VELVET RIBBON, satin back.best Quality of &
H blue, red, yellow, white and black. Our A k#¥ & French ribbon made. • f|
H price 2»c M, ftM . Width No. 5 15c Width No. 7 20c IS
g NEXT, CHILDREN'S HOSE SUP _JLt;7«SS» Width No. 9. 25c | ; i
I ™£u J^ R io' , ma ?« e of the .best black and jgfflH ESS SOME MO re-3S5 pieces ALL-SILK BLACK TAF- J§
1 elastlc> wIth the P ateQ t velvet J FETA RIBBON, made in finest lustre. . £$
fj MISSES', same quality as above ....i-loc. "Width No": 22, yard "!II!I"I!!IIII!!II*II!I"!!"!II!i2c fa
B We Guarantee Every Pair. " Width- No. 40, yard loC |B
I TOT? OAOT71tft>T7T>r< ate market st., |
& tfJ II JTa T\ I I kS T*i S\! KKKlT RUNNING THROUGH TO II O'FARRELL, PHELAN BUILDING. B
W*J\-*A-4 AIL \SKJJLAJL\ JLJf AJ JL H. VA 9 - mail orders solicited; Jl*,boom and ..headgear.. -Vessel- drifted . as far
south as Santa Cruz. Put into San Francisco
for. repairs and provisions. - "-.- ' ¦. " '
' MISCELLANEOUS. ' -
v Prior to July 4, the whaling stmr Belvedere
had S whales, Karluk 1 whale and Fearless. 1'
whale.' ' : ¦. ' '¦¦• " ; . -.- .•"¦i-.'K
; * . . DOMESTIC . PORTS. -
I PORT TO-WNSEND— Arrived July 20— Stmr
Elihu Thomson, from St Michael; schr Ariel,
from Honolulu: bkfn • Quickstep, from. Salinas
Cruz; schr Wm Bowden, from Honolulu.
- Arrived; July. 20— Bktn Wrestler, .from' Nou
mea, v ••-.¦. ¦ . . - .
- ASTORIA— Ajrlved . July, 20— Br shlD ! Poltal
-loch, from Royal Roads; Br ship Galgate, from
Cnllao. - . ,
NEAH "BAYj-Passed July 19-Schr W'Jew-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States ' Coast ' and Geodetic Survey—
SUNDAY, 'JULY 21.
Sun rises -.-.'.. '.......; 5:02
Sun sets : 7:29
Moon sets ...;....'. 10:^ p. m.
TO SAIL.
boom and headeear - were carried away.
The schooner could not -be kept on her
course and was driven down the coast as>
far as Santa Cruz. A few days ago there
was a chanse of wind and the captain
was able to eair his vessel before it back
to port.
Fer Khr 'Archie and Fontie, from sea July. 20
—Sailed from San Francisco July : 8 for Iver
sena Landing:. On July 9 experienced, a heavy
NW sale, lasting nine uayg. Carried away jib-
MEMORANDUM.
'•July 17. lat « 31 N, Ion 135 40 W— Br ship
HIllBton, from. Honolulu,,, for; Portland; ,
July f H, lat 49 . N, , Ion - — -, Br ship James
Kerr. from -Antwerp, for San' Francisco. "i ;•
. Per stmr Prenident— June 16, ¦ In Bering i Sea,
ship "-Occidental, .hence April 18, ; for. Bristol
Bay. ' ¦ 'J : vt '_'''-":'m'**iTi*'f''5'rl^y;*r.',»K.i
SPOKEN.
• .. <. .^ . . . . „ ¦ ¦ Saturday, July 20.'
Schr Archie and - Fontle, ¦ Hag-crup. from sea,
on account of : carrying • away ; Jlbboom • and
headgear. •. ' '¦'= ¦'•¦'"• v-.-' • .- . ¦-.; ,. ...
TELEGRAPHIC. ;•.../ >j
POINT \ LOBOS, July 20, UO ¦ p m— Weather
toggy; wind NW, velocity 20 mlle« per hour, '¦¦*
Stmr Columbia, Doran,. Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nav Co. • ¦. •' • - ¦ •¦' '
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka;; Goodall, - Per
kins & Co. • . . ¦•¦'¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ' '.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, Hllo; ' J D
Epreckels &Bro» Co. ' ¦ ...
X - .r SAILED. ;r' ' '. ! ....
¦ - •• ¦ Saturday, July ~ 20.
" Strar Coo« Bay, Nicholson," San Pedro.
'Stmr Homer, Donaldspn, Unalaska.
Stmr Umatllla, j Cousins,. Victoria j and; Port
Townscnd. — • •• -... V - . ',"•.-.:¦'-'. ' , ,
Stmr SItrnal, Bendegraard, Columbia I River.
• Stmr ' Coaullle '.River, Johnson, . . '
i Stmr Zealandia, ' Dowdell, Honolulu.
' Br stmr Welllnkton, Salmond, Oyster, Har-
Bark Roderick Dhu. Johnson, < Hllo. .
' Schr Rio Rev. -Hansen.
Schr James ¦ H Bruce, 'Miller, Orays I Harbor.
Schr Corinthian, . Korth. Ccqullle ' River.
. ¦ •..%;.. RETURNED.!.. ' .. . ,
CLEARED. ;>
' "V . ) t " Saturday, . July . 20.
' Stmr Umatilla. Cousins,- . Victoria "and ' Port
Townstnd ; - Goodall. « Perkins . & Co. -
'Stmr Zealandla. Do wdell, Honolulu; ' J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.:- -,-¦ - "
Stmr Arctic. Erlckson, Seattle; JvS Klm
ball._ -.¦ :-'¦-:¦ .¦:•-¦,¦.'.•¦:¦>'.>-¦..'•- .'- . ¦'
Stmr Empire. Macrenn, 63 hours from . Cooa
Bay, via Eureka 26 hours.
Stmr Colon, McKlnnon, 9 days 8 hours from
Honolulu. . ' . : ¦ , ' ¦• ." - •. - •
Stmr Westport, Ericsson. 20 hours from
Needle Rock. • - ¦-';•¦;•¦
Stmr • Seauola, "Winkle, ¦ 16 hours . from Fort
Stmr Coqullle River, ¦ Johnson, 46 hours from
Ventura. ¦ . . - •• . :
Br stmr Glenlochy. Hill, 19 days from Kuch
lnntzu. . - - - • . - - ' .
Tug Geo R Voebere, Loll, 96 hours from N«
halem River, with barge CH. Wheeler In tow.
Br ship Australian, Jollff, 77 days from New
castle, Australia, , ..-.¦¦ '¦' .. .
Bktn J C Pfluger, Potter, 24 days from Hono
lulu. ' " ' . "
Schr Vine, Small, 28% days from Honolulu."
Schr Geo W Watson, j Lass,' 22 days from -
Honoiulu. ¦ •.•.••.'
Schr Eliza Miller, Brummer, 7 days from
Coob Bay. • .. . - ¦ ¦ . . , .
Schr Wlnjr and Wing, Hansen, 6 days from
Umpqua. ¦',- /- ¦ '. ' ¦' ' .' ' " . ;
Schr La Glronde, Hanson, 8 days from Grays
Harbor. . ' - -i
Schr. Mary. E Foster, -Thompson,. 17 days from
Honolulu. ¦ : - ••:»-».''
Schr • Dora i Bluhm, Seymour, .22 days . from
Hanamaulu. - t; ......
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. :
. . . Saturday, July 20.
Archie and Fontie in Trouble.
The- schooner Archie and Fontie. put
ack^to port in distress yesterday. On
he 8th InsL she sailed for Iversons Larid
ag. The next day, when off Point Reyes,
he was c&ught in a squall and the. jib-
: Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druKKlsts pell and ruarante* It. •
. Many a man who has a small spark qf
genius imagines he possesses a large con
flagration. ...
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 60c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay. ¦*
" "Velocity," as defined by the small boy,
"Is that. which a man puts a hot plate
down with."
• Does your dealer keep Jesse Moore Whiskey?
If not. Insist on hla getting it for you. The
finest In the world. • •.
Thousands of Leaguers
Have in Jthe past week visited the famous
"Diamond Palace" of Colonel Andrews at
221 'Montgomery street. T..e knowledge of
this famous store has spread broadcast
/throughout the Host and no visitor in
San Francisco can feel that he has seen
the sights" without Inspecting this won
derful Jewelry emporium. •
NOTE— In the 'above -exposition^ of, the tides
the early morning tides are given l'n<he' left
hand column and the successive: Odes of tho
day in the order, of occurrence ' as to time of
day; the third "time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when .there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. -The heights given
arp- in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast,- Survey charts, except when a
minus .'(— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number. given Is subtracted from the depth
gtyen.by-the charts The plane of reference Is
the, mean of "the lower .low waters. ' '"¦
ett, from Hilo, for Port. Gamble; schr l*udlow,
from Port Blakeley, for San" Pedro. ¦ ; ¦¦ ; •.
Passed in July 20— Stmr Oregon, from Nome.
¦ SEATTLE— Sailed July IS— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skaguay; etmr City of Topeka, for
Skaguay; stmr ; Chas , Nelson, for Skaguay.
July 20— Ger stmr Hermonthls. for Tacoma.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 19— Schr Vlk
lng,' for, San. Francisco; schr Jennie Thelln, for
San Francisco. ¦ . ¦....-. ¦ . ; . .
• HILO— Arrived July 9— Bark Carrollton, from
Tasoma. - ". • • ¦ ' ¦-. ¦ . •' .¦¦ • "¦,*¦,¦'
- Arrived July 7— Bktn Gardiner City, from
Port Gamble. . . '. • . -• .
i NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Vuly • 20-Chilean
bark I^ake Leman, from' Port Townsend. „
'. leaned- July 20— Ger fblx> Louise, for United
Kinsdom. - ; . i , ' ¦ . ¦ • .
BRISTOL BAY— Arrived June 10— Ship Stand
ard,'hence .April 16. . ' •
•USAL— Sailed rJOly. 20-Stmr Aloha, for San.
FTancisco. " -.. > ... -- '.'•¦¦ "" . ' ' X*?*
. FIELDS*- LANDING— Sailed July 20— Stmr
>**—•».¦ for .', San • Franciaco. ¦ • - "" -,-"*' •• " .
EUREKA— Sailed July 20-»tmr Eureka, for
San Francisco; stmr Noyn 'for San Francisco.
Arrived • July 20— Stmrs Aberdeen i and - San-
Pedro, hence -July . IS. • , - • f . •( . •
SAN DIEGO— Sailed July 20— Stmr Iaqua,'ior
San Francisco. • ' • • ¦ ' / / '
TACOM A— Arrived July • KH-Ship S D Carle
ton, hence June 29. ¦ '. - .„¦ .'/ \
Sailed July -20— Ger stmr Hermonthts, — for
San I''ranci»o. ._
'>-.-¦• ;, , F0REIONP0R"TS/^" ; '¦"-'->.•?,"-
USHA NT— Passed July 18— Ger stmr Pentaur,
hence ¦ April ,14, for Hamburg -'< ¦¦¦¦¦" ¦.'* '• C
; KINSALE— Pasaed July 19-rFr bark-iSainte
;iAnne,'i hence March ¦12,^ f 6r ¦.Qneenstown.'^-V '->'>'
., NANAIMO-Salled July 2(V-Stmr 8an Mateo,
for Porf Los AnKeles. r*.? .-'-»¦-.. •• * .-•.:.= »-,.
: CORONEL— Sailed July 1— Stmr Pleiades; 'for
San Francisco. ¦¦>> .* .• ., -'-,^" ;" • . • - ; . . ."•*-.
YICTORIA— Sailed July 20— Schr Luzon.'Ofor
Santa Rosalia.. '." ' '. ': ..: :, ¦ ,.;..r"" M
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July l&-8tmr ', China,
hence June-'W. ¦¦• . . ¦;.'<' ¦- ; ¦ •'
ACAPULCO— Sailed July t 17— Stmr Ban Jose.'
for Pnnama. - V ¦- - •> ••".::• •"- .)-,¦ ¦¦¦
CALLAOf-Arrlved : July 20— Schr - Fearleei,
from . New .Whatcom. - j.,- •
V ¦¦.'• ' OCEAN' STEAMERS. : ¦ ',
j BREMEN— Sailed ' Julr' 20-^Stmr Barbarcs^a,
for. New York, via Cherbours. '
¦- LIVIIRPOOL-Arrlved July 20-Stmr Cym
ric, from' New York; stmr Nomadic, from New
York. , . .:»•;•¦ ¦ . .-,.;
¦ Sailed July 20— Stmr Etruria/for'New York.-
• NAPLES— Arrived July SO^-Stmr Lombardla.'
from New York. ! •¦¦ ¦ '¦.'•:¦¦¦ ¦' if • '
• DOVF.R— Pawed July, 20-Stmr' Northwest-'
ern. from Hamburg, for Chicago. •. ¦ •'•'
• ANTWERP— Sailed July 20— Stmr Vaderland, ;
for N*w York. • ..» - ¦•-¦ . ' • . -
. HAVRE— Sailed : July 20— Stmr La Cham
pagne,', for New York. '• ¦" • _'¦ ,
NEW, YORK-Ha lied July 20-Stmr Patricia,
for . Hambunr. via Plymouth and Cherbourg;
stmr- Georgian. . for Liverpool; >tmr Umbrla.
for Liverpool, via-Queenstown; atmr Mnnltou,
for London; stmr, Mansdam, for Rotterdam,
via Bouloime: stmr Island, for Chrlstlansend
and Copenhagen; utrnr Trave, for Naples and
Genoa; • stmr Furneosia, ' for Glagrow, . via Mo
vllla. ¦ ' • ' "¦ ; ••• | . - ' -. -
i Arrived : July . 19— Stmr Lucanla, from Liver
pool and Queenstown. -v . . - . ;
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to July 2<>-stmr
China, from San " Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Nasrapakl. Shanghai and ' Hongkong. - '
1 BRISBANE— Arrived July 20— Stmr Mlowera,
from Vancouver, B C, via Honolulu, for Syd
ney.NSW. "¦ : . .
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
The Kimball will sail for Nome again
next Wednesday, and nearly all- of -her
passenger accommodations have already
been taken. . . . , . -
Although the Kimball "bucked" the ice
like the rest of the fleet, she does not
show a trace of the contact. Before the
floes were reached the steamship's stem
was boarded over and the planks thus put
on bore the brunt, of the attack upon the
ice. The steamship Conemaugh'was at
Nome when the Ktmball sailed from that
port. Not an ounce of her cargo below
the hatches had been discharged, ' but
some livestock that -went up as a-deck
load had been landed. \
THE Dollar Steamship Company's
John ¦ • S. Kimball arrived - from
Nome yesterday. ; She was the first
vessel ,of the fleet to reach Teller,
and Captain Timing found many
of the people who < had wintered there on
| the verge of scurvy. : Everybody clam
j ored for potatoes, and luckily the Kim
ball was able to supply the' demand.
; One of the handsomest match ' boxes
i ever seen on a ship was presented to Cap
tain Thwing by the passengers '.who went
north on the Kimball. It is made of Nome
gold and around the edge is a rim of 'nug
gets! On the lid is a nugget shaped, into
a spreadeagle and en one side is the fol
lowing inscription: ' < .
! " "Presented -to Milton Thwing
by passengers on steamship John S. Kim
ball, Sari Ffariclsro to Nome, June, 1901."
On the other side Captain '.Timing's
monogram is engraved and below it are
; the spade and shovel supporting thVpan.
In the center of the pan Is set a magnifi
cent diamond. Accompanying the. matclr
box was a " testimonial^thanking Captain
Thwing for his care and* attention* and'
praising the accommodations on -the John
S. Kimball. -n.^ . - \ «•<?**" • .- '«#
Captain, .ThwaQg .reppVts that'Jthe^ St,' ;
Paul was damaged.' when she went on tW
beach at St. Michael -and- will have to'
drydock here for- an overhauling.. The
Alaska Commercial Company's tug Sad'e
and steamer Dora got her off the beach.
The Roanoke stove in one of .the -plates
In her. bow while making her way through
the ice. A considerable portion of 'her
cargo was damaged. The Jeanle r had her
rudder post ripped off by an icefloe." Cap
tain Mason managed to fix things up with
a portion' of his steel rigging and when
he got to Dutch Harbor he put the steam
ship on the beach and made the neces-
sary repairs. The Ruth . went on the
beach at Golofnin and was considerably
damaged/ The Santa Ana blew ¦ out a
cylinder head while at Nome, but tem
porary repairs were made which enabled
her to steam four knots , an hour. The
schooner Fred E. Sanders was the only
wind Jammer reported damaged. Her
stem was chewed off in the ice.
Times and Heights of ' High and Low
: Waters at" Fort Point, entrance to San
¦ Francisco Bay.- Published by official au-
J thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur, at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve -minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both -places.
THE NOME STEAMSHIP JOHN S. KIMBALL AND ; HER POPULAR MASTER, CAPTAIN MILTON, THWING. THE
KIMBALL WAS THE. FIRST VESSEL TO REACH' TELLER AND WAS JUST IN TIME TO PREVENT AN OUT
BREAK OF SCURVY AMONG THE MINERS. . .- ,.•;.•.:... : .'/¦"- : "
SHIPS OF NOME FLEET SUFFER
DAMAGE IN ALASKAN WATERS
THE SAN FBAyciSCO;<CAXiL^SjCiyDAY^ -JULY 21, 1901.
22
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer.
Prom.
Due.
Bt. Paul i
Crescent City..
Noyo .
Eureka.........
Santa Barb'ra.
City of Puebla.
Bonlta
Corona
Mllton.;........i
Matteawan.... '
Tellus..
San Bias....;..
G. Dollar '.
San Pedro..:...
Asuncion ..
Conemaugh....
¦North Fork....
Marlposa.......
Sierra
Hermonthls....
Arcata .
Coronado.......
O. W. Elder..
Mackinaw ..
Progreso.
Pomona.. ..."...
Del Norte ......
Robt. Dollar..-.
Santa Rosa....
Coos Bay......
Alliance...'..;.;
WaBhtenaw....
Walla Walla...
Coptic. .
Point Arena...
Newburgr....'. ..
Curacao..-
Anubls....
Nome"& St; Michael... July 21
Crescent City July 21
Humboldt. July21
Huraboldt ;....:..'. July 21
San Pedro "...... July 21
Puget Sound Ports . July 21
San Pedro. & Way Pts. July 21
San Diego. ;......... July 21
Nanalmo July 21
Tacoma July 22
Oyster Harbor....: July 22
Panama & Way Ports.. July 22
Grays Harbor July 22
Humboldt July 23
Seattle t. ....:... ........ July 23
Nome^& St, Michael... July 23
Humboldt ............;.. July 23
Sydney & Way Ports.. July 23
Honolulu July 2S
Seattle ....July 23
Coos Bay July 24
San Pedro July 24
Portland 'and Astoria.. July 24
Seattle July 24
Tacoma .•..'."...".•; July 24
Huraboldt July 24 '
Crescent City July 25
Seattle and Hadlock.... July 25
San Diego & Way Ports July* 25.
Newport. & Way Ports. July 23
Portland &*Coos Bay... July 25
Tacoma ;......;..,..•..... July 25
Puget Sound . Ports..... July' 26
China, and -Japan July 26
Point Arena July 26
Grays Harbor ..-.."; July 27
Mexican . Ports :. July 27
Hamburg & Way Ports. July 27
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.
I Pier.
Arctic.-.:....
Pomona ..::.
Santa Rosa. . .
Empire. J....\
Columbia...'..
Pt< Arena... r
Santa Barb..
Rival.. '.. .'..'. I
Bonlta. .......
Eureka...:...
Rainier....;..
j. S. Klmball
Toronado....:
Noyo.. ¦.;......
State of Cul..
- July 21. v
Nome ¦ and : Teller. .
Humb6"ldt-.'. .'..:..:.
San Diego & Way.
Coos Bay* ...:'...
Astoria - & Portland
Point: Arena.........
Humbbldt .......:.. \
. Jnir 23. .-•:¦•.
Wlllapa Harbor ...
Ban ¦ Pedro & j Way.
Hunjboldt ..........
Seattle & N. What.
rv :Jnly.24.
Nome .via .Seattle..
Grays' Harbor
HumbolUt ' ..........
San. Diego ft-way.
- July 25. "
Nome & St Michael
China, and" Japan..
China ¦ & Japan....
Ptiget- Sound Ports.-
."?rays Harbor.' ....
Coos Bay .......'...-.
Tlllamook Bay .:.'..
- Jnly ; 2O. , '
Humboldf
HumhoHt • .". .". : :;. r.
» Jnly 27.
Portland &' Coos B.
San Dlepo .'.;...".'..;
(Nome via Seattle.
"Astoria &. Tort land
12
11:30 p
I 9 am
12 m
11 am
!pm
10 am
12. m
9 am
9 am
5 pm
4 pm
S'prn
5 pm
9 am
Pier 3
I Pier
I Pier 11
I Pier 13
Pier U
I Pier t 2
I Pier 2
5th St. -
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier :2
Pier 2
Pier- 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pt. •Paul. :...".
Carlisle City.
Peru....". ;
City Puebla:.
G. • Dollar. . . .'
¦A'cota. ¦..:.•.;.
W: H. Krugc
i - - ¦¦¦¦'¦¦. i\
2 pm
10 am
1 pm
11 am
12 m
12 m
12 m
I Pier »i
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier. 2
I Pier 13
Pier 13
North Fork..
San Pedro:.:.
9 am
10 am
Pier' i 2
Pier 2
Alliance....*..
Corona..'.'..."..
Conemautrh.. I
Q. W. EJlder. I
'¦•¦'I
Pier 16
Pier 11
I Pier SI
|Pler 21
5 p'm
9 am
2 pm
11 am
inai
ion.
Cottage City . . . Skagruay & Way Ports . !
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports.
Victor'an....... Skaguay & Way Ports.
Queen........... Skaguay' & Way Ports.
Excelsior. ...... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts
Nome City..... Nome- & Teller City
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports.
Conemaugh.... Nome & St Michael....
City, of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.
Al-Kl....' Skaguay & Way Ports.
Oregon:'..".:.... Nome and Teller.....'...
Senator Nome direct
July 22
July 22
July. 23
July 24
July 23
July 25
July 23
July 25
July 29
July 29
July 23
July 30
Date
21 ..
22 ..
23 ...
Time Time Time ¦ Time
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, W H W Li W
3:12 4.3 8:56 1.2 4:00 5.3 10:18 1.9
4:18 3.9 9:40 ,1.6 4:40 5.8 11:14 1.7
5:2C 3.6J 10:22 2.0 6:21 '5.3
LW HW L.WHW
0:17 1.3 6:43 3.5 11:12 2.5 6:03 5.3
1:12 1.0 -7:56 '3.6 12:09 -2.7 6:48 5.4
1:58 . fr.6 9:00 3.8 ,1:04 3.0 7:35 5.5
2:40 0.2 9:51 4.T 1:58 -'3.1 • 8:16 ' 5.7
21 ...
25 ...
26 ...
27 ...
inai
ion.
Cottage City . . . Skagruay & Way Ports . !
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports.
Victor'an....... Skaguay & Way Ports.
Queen........... Skaguay' & Way Ports.
Excelsior. ...... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts
Nome City..... Nome- & Teller City
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports.
Conemaugh.... Nome & St Michael....
City, of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.
Al-Kl....' Skaguay & Way Ports.
Oregon:'..".:.... Nome and Teller.....'...
Senator Nome direct
July 22
July 22
July. 23
July 24
July 23
July 25
July 23
July 25
July 29
July 29
July 23
July 30
Steamer.
Prom.
Due.
Bt. Paul i
Crescent City..
Noyo .
Eureka.........
Santa Barb'ra.
City of Puebla.
Bonlta
Corona
Mllton.;........i
Matteawan.... '
Tellus..
San Bias....;..
G. Dollar '.
San Pedro..:...
Asuncion ..
Conemaugh....
¦North Fork....
Marlposa.......
Sierra
Hermonthls....
Arcata .
Coronado.......
O. W. Elder..
Mackinaw ..
Progreso.
Pomona.. ..."...
Del Norte ......
Robt. Dollar..-.
Santa Rosa....
Coos Bay......
Alliance...'..;.;
WaBhtenaw....
Walla Walla...
Coptic. .
Point Arena...
Newburgr....'. ..
Curacao..-
Anubls....
Nome"& St; Michael... July 21
Crescent City July 21
Humboldt. July21
Huraboldt ;....:..'. July 21
San Pedro "...... July 21
Puget Sound Ports . July 21
San Pedro. & Way Pts. July 21
San Diego. ;......... July 21
Nanalmo July 21
Tacoma July 22
Oyster Harbor....: July 22
Panama & Way Ports.. July 22
Grays Harbor July 22
Humboldt July 23
Seattle t. ....:... ........ July 23
Nome^& St, Michael... July 23
Humboldt ............;.. July 23
Sydney & Way Ports.. July 23
Honolulu July 2S
Seattle ....July 23
Coos Bay July 24
San Pedro July 24
Portland 'and Astoria.. July 24
Seattle July 24
Tacoma .•..'."...".•; July 24
Huraboldt July 24 '
Crescent City July 25
Seattle and Hadlock.... July 25
San Diego & Way Ports July* 25.
Newport. & Way Ports. July 23
Portland &*Coos Bay... July 25
Tacoma ;......;..,..•..... July 25
Puget Sound . Ports..... July' 26
China, and -Japan July 26
Point Arena July 26
Grays Harbor ..-.."; July 27
Mexican . Ports :. July 27
Hamburg & Way Ports. July 27
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.
I Pier.
Arctic.-.:....
Pomona ..::.
Santa Rosa. . .
Empire. J....\
Columbia...'..
Pt< Arena... r
Santa Barb..
Rival.. '.. .'..'. I
Bonlta. .......
Eureka...:...
Rainier....;..
j. S. Klmball
Toronado....:
Noyo.. ¦.;......
State of Cul..
- July 21. v
Nome ¦ and : Teller. .
Humb6"ldt-.'. .'..:..:.
San Diego & Way.
Coos Bay* ...:'...
Astoria - & Portland
Point: Arena.........
Humbbldt .......:.. \
. Jnir 23. .-•:¦•.
Wlllapa Harbor ...
Ban ¦ Pedro & j Way.
Hunjboldt ..........
Seattle & N. What.
rv :Jnly.24.
Nome .via .Seattle..
Grays' Harbor
HumbolUt ' ..........
San. Diego ft-way.
- July 25. "
Nome & St Michael
China, and" Japan..
China ¦ & Japan....
Ptiget- Sound Ports.-
."?rays Harbor.' ....
Coos Bay .......'...-.
Tlllamook Bay .:.'..
- Jnly ; 2O. , '
Humboldf
HumhoHt • .". .". : :;. r.
» Jnly 27.
Portland &' Coos B.
San Dlepo .'.;...".'..;
(Nome via Seattle.
"Astoria &. Tort land
12
11:30 p
I 9 am
12 m
11 am
!pm
10 am
12. m
9 am
9 am
5 pm
4 pm
S'prn
5 pm
9 am
Pier 3
I Pier
I Pier 11
I Pier 13
Pier U
I Pier t 2
I Pier 2
5th St. -
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier :2
Pier 2
Pier- 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pt. •Paul. :...".
Carlisle City.
Peru....". ;
City Puebla:.
G. • Dollar. . . .'
¦A'cota. ¦..:.•.;.
W: H. Krugc
i - - ¦¦¦¦'¦¦. i\
2 pm
10 am
1 pm
11 am
12 m
12 m
12 m
I Pier »i
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier. 2
I Pier 13
Pier 13
North Fork..
San Pedro:.:.
9 am
10 am
Pier' i 2
Pier 2
Alliance....*..
Corona..'.'..."..
Conemautrh.. I
Q. W. EJlder. I
'¦•¦'I
Pier 16
Pier 11
I Pier SI
|Pler 21
5 p'm
9 am
2 pm
11 am
Date
21 ..
22 ..
23 ...
Time Time Time ¦ Time
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, W H W Li W
3:12 4.3 8:56 1.2 4:00 5.3 10:18 1.9
4:18 3.9 9:40 ,1.6 4:40 5.8 11:14 1.7
5:2C 3.6J 10:22 2.0 6:21 '5.3
LW HW L.WHW
0:17 1.3 6:43 3.5 11:12 2.5 6:03 5.3
1:12 1.0 -7:56 '3.6 12:09 -2.7 6:48 5.4
1:58 . fr.6 9:00 3.8 ,1:04 3.0 7:35 5.5
2:40 0.2 9:51 4.T 1:58 -'3.1 • 8:16 ' 5.7
21 ...
25 ...
26 ...
27 ...
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
' Mayerle's Glasses. are used by the highest U.
S. Army, Navy and Government officials because
they are FAR SUPERIOR to all others for
reading or distance, .weak eyes, poor, sight,
headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of visions float-
ing spots,* pain about the eyes, behind .the. head
or In temples. -nervousness, sore eyes, discharg-
ing eyes, .'feeling- like sand In the eyes, cross-
eyes., burning:, smarting. Itching, scratching,
twitching, gluey eyes, heavy eyelids, etc. ¦ ¦
Having ' used Mayerle's Eyeglasses, I am
pleased to express my great satisfaction there-
with.' They give clearness to the sight, and
rest to the eye, and to me seem very natural
In their effects. Yours- tr«;1y,
- - -REV.'T. H. HORTON,
Pastor Methodist Church, Alameda. Cal.
"Who has been using: MAYERLE'S GLASSES
for nearly 5 years, highly recommends them to
persona who have weak eyes or poor sight.
fiEV.F.B. HORTON,
The J. foonit Furniture Co., Inc.
Or^JQWlrVL<
-VALUES.
>. "•* -.¦ •
During the balance of this month, and prior to
our Semi-Annual Stock-Taking Julu 31st, we
will offer large guantities of HOUSEKEEPING
LINENS at VERY LOW PRICES. .
275 FINE IRISH DAMASK TABLE* CLOTHS, 2, 2# an! 3
uarls long Dg 2 yards wide, at $2.00, $2.75
and $3.00 each. " NAPKINS, 24 inches sauare,
- to match, S3.OO dozen, all good designs.
,300 Dozen U and 26 INCH BLEACHED DAMASK NAP-
KINS, yen] handsome designs, from Irish, German
and Scotch factories. These Napkins haye not ann
cloths to match. :;%/;v
Price &3.5O Dozen.
? 300 Dozan Size BLEACHED AND LOOM HUCK
TOWELS, hoth hemmed and hemstitched, These
Towels are from one of the hest makers In Ireland.
Price S3. 5O Dozen.
• 30 .Pieces 'SATIN DAMASK' TABLE LINEN, 70 Inches
wide, Yeprj handsome designs. These Damasks are
from the celebrated house of Wm. Ewart & Sons,
Belfast,; Ireland. ; .; : v %•/*
Price SI. OO Yard.
, DINNER NAPKINS to match eYeru pattern, .
: .'}¦¦•' 53.50 Dozen. l-f
300 Pieces IRISH TqWELIIiG. AND GLASS LINENS, pure
linen and full 18 lnches'.wlde. These are from the
factories in Ireland of Richardson and Llddell.
Price l^o Yard.
3 Cases EXTRA HEAVY '.WHITE TURKISH BATH
. -TOWELS, 50 inches long and 23 inches wide. These
Towels are pure finish and free from anu sizing.^;
Price S3.OO Dozen,
. Of? 25c EACH.
III. 113; 115^ JIT. H9. .121 POST STREET.
OPTICIANS Photogp^^n^c^*
642 Market 5t. instruments
uMDf» r«fONicu Rt.m.DiN&.'uATAlCGUE FrJC-
Oculists' .Prcscrip's. .Filled. Phone— Main 10.
Qu ck Repairing. Factory on Prem ses.
'Broken Eye-Glass Lenses
'Replaced fcf r if iy Cents.
Any Asf gmat c Lens' Duplicated for
5/.00to«/.5O.
*r r F 1 5 \V\ : proved) elec-
-*,« «•- \*.*X » TRIC BELT" and
? "V. •*--.-'- appliances. Dru*»
do not evm. Klectrtdty 1»- the remedy!
Buy no Belt until you see "Dr. - Pterctfa."
for It is the BEST and the lowest In price
C7Call ¦ at office - or . send - a 2-cent stamp
for r.ew "Booklet Uo. 2." Address PIBTRCB
KLIS.CTRIC CO.. 2OC Post et.. • San Fran-
Cisco. New Tork of flee— n« Broadway. ¦
can obtain renewed
strength and rigor
by the use ot '.'Dr.
Plerce's (latest lm.
WEAK
MENand
WOMEN
t DR. KG TOY KEE,
HO STOCKTON ST..
San Francisco. Cal.
Has recently established
the Tea and Herb Sanita-
rium tn this city. All man-
* ner of diseases, both exter-
nal and Internal, and all
manner of local diseases ara
skillfully treated without
performing any kind o£
operation whatever.
CUT THIS+OUT. ¦
MAYcRLE'S Glassed Strengthen the Eye
[feSp^»' :. '¦ s- '''¦ on< ' Brain. -
The Wronft Glasses Will Ruin the Stron£-
.. .¦¦;,¦¦' . crt Byes. ' "•"••"*•' - •
.GERMAN EYEWATER. COc
Member American Association' of . Opticians.) '
'iohri^' ' ",/Vieii-k.est '.' i Street
(Opposite ,Hlbernla Bank), San Frahcjico, i Cal.
Persona ordering rIosbps by mall should. state
their age;' also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both, and what price.
- Consultation, Examination and Advice Free.
Open evenings until 9.' .Telephone South 572.
GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTE.
AIjo T GRADUATE ,'of ' r the i 'AMERICAN*.-' COL-
LEGE • OF:- OPHTHALMOLOGY..; (Charter
German Expert Opt T cian,
GEORGE MAYERLE,
i Exceedingly Low Prices This Week. For,
I Choice Kid Gloves
1 Maggioni— Trcfousse and other celebrated makes
J J in an intcr^ting group -of special values
i I We are now showing the largest and best stock of Ladies'
j| Gloves we ever had. We want to have every lady know that
<? v this is the correct place to buy gloves. We are continually
< ? receiving latest styles and colors, guarantee every pair we sell,
*\ have experienced people tit them tor you, and our prices will
• stand comparison' of the severest test.
J! Some notable values for this week:
? The "Maggioni" best quality Kid Gloves, with four pearl
% buttons; the most perfect fitting and best wearing gloves made;
$ Former price was 62.00 Now per pair
5 Two clasp "Trefousse" pique Kid Gloves, embroidered backs
• in light colors for street or evening. wear; never before isold
| for less than $2,00 Now $ j.^b per pair
o Three clasp extra quality Suede Gloves, in fancy shades for
J evening wear, some suitable for street wear, splendid value
S at^-5° Now $1.00 per pair,
? Twelve button length Mousquetaire Suede Gloves; -in fancy
? { evening shades such as Pink, Blue, Yellow, x Rose) Pearl, Lilac,
J etc; that were $2.25 Now $ I .OO per pair
4 » ¦ . ¦ ... .¦*¦¦.
\\ Eight button length Mousquetaire Suede Gloves; .dark
j| shades; sizes 5^-5^ and 5^ only, that formerly sold for $1^50
% Now 40c per pair
± Ladies' Silk Gloves — 6 button iength were 75c - - - Now 40c.
? Ladies' Silk Goves — long lengths were $1.00 to $1.50 Now 60c
<v ; 4
] Gibson Pillow Tops
! 18c each
• Just when they are popular and much in demand, we offer
• as a special — 1800 .Gibson. Pillow Tops,. the regular 50c kind. .
• Pen and ink sketches frorrrthe. celebrated "Gibson" .pictures,
% reproduced from life. Subjects are "Hearts; are Trumps,"
l-;i.'lA Good game for two," "The -Last Day of Summer,"
y "The Leading Features of a Liberal Education," "A Little.
;! Incident" and "Monday Morning." Sale Price -for Tops"
J I with back 18c each.
<• Mail orders should be prompt- although we have a great many of
2 each siibject, there is no telling how long they will last at this price.
I Special Clearance Sale To-Morrow
I Lace Curtains
? 30 Choice Designs in Nottingham Curtains
I Reduced to $1.85 per pair
4 > • - . ¦ / 1
5 Commencing Monday we will have a Special-Reduction Sale
• . of 412 pairs of Nottingham Lace Curtains, embracing 30 of
a this season's newest styles in Renaissance and Marie Antion-
ette effects with plain and figured centers. _ Every pajtern is
j choice and desirable, being suitable, for bed room, parlor or
? dining room. They are full width, 3^ yards long and'
§ were considered great value at $2.25 and $2,50 all-reduced
I -for this sale to $r.8$ per pair
9 • • _- > .
• Special Sale
I Children's Polka Dot Hose
? • > * -
9
J A Urge lot for Monday of those fine imported ribbed polka
? dot hose for children in navy and new blue with white dots :
S! Sizes $yi 6 and 6}i Regular price 33^ pair Now 20c
\l Sizes 7 7}4 and 8 Regular price 40c. pair Now 22c
n Sizes d}$ 9 and 9^ Regular price 50c pair Now 25c:
•¦¦ Just Received New Styles in Summer Veilings
u«*e* •• J2S- to m Ktarnp Street V*****
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AJJD WASHINGTON BT.B.— RS-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c. to ft 50 day;
$S to $8 week; |S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and .cold water avery room; flr« grates la «v«ry
room; elevator runs &U. night.
' , Elegant Chamber Suites*
Last week we advertised cheap suites. This week we show
] you one of the finest solid quarter-sawed Oak, golden finish,
1 rubbed and polished, showing the most exquisite grain. French /%'
i bevel plate Mirrors on Dresser and Commode. Price-way down. >.i
, We will furnish your house well, throughout, for very small fr,
figures. Have everything in the housekeeping line, and prices
low, for we have no rent to pay. - You make the difference^- .
1 quite a saving, by the way. Don't you think so? Just try it. s '
THEJ, NOON AN FURNITURE CO., Inc..
K 17-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco. , ,
Close every nlftht. except Saturdays and the day preceding holidays, at « o'clock sharp.
M0ID1T
• ThI* Great TraJa
*"** ren$ but twist
* pw week during
THURSDAT ¦;¦*-?¦
; • : j YUv ttwrtag at 9 am,
!v'- Htrrhtsln §
Aiiirnnuii ChiemflO at 2 * 15
iimfin ~
LinillLlI Its hl0k standard
of senrlca Is
ON f U n T mtlntaJnsd-
SAHTA FE
*
mX \sBsm K WB^^ h - tT. H ;^V
n BiB efa d mi Aiaji
Bab H BSj EM -H ~
B: 9 B ER ESSSI 58 WES ¦ frri H
9 The tramping of regular soldiers 1 is heard frequently in this city, ¦'* H
I but the tramping that will soon be heard • is that of an army which H
jg is of even greater importance to the welfare of San Francisco — the < B
SJ3 army of children beginning their- school term. This army to do good ' H
I service must be well clad la strong, comfortable, well appearing B
II shoes. "We furnish the best at the lowest prices possible, as the M
¦ following list will 6how. Our reductions on email sizes, broken ' lots — ¦ .
K and some entire lines of shoes for. grown people still continue to offer * -H
1 the people of San Francisco the greatest shoe bargains they have ever : i H
B * eea " MISSES AND CHILDREN. 1
¦ The beet wearing Hisses' and Children's fine Black Kid, full ex- M
¦ R tension sole, button and lace, all sizes and widths.- ...-¦ = I
I? Sizes 6 to 8 Reduced to SI. Oft- - . El
g Sizes 8% to 10% Seduced to HI. 33- ' H
m Sizes U to 2 Reduced to 81. OO. , ¦ • - • • - . T> ¦ r
hi Misses' and Children's heavy Box Calf, full extension sole, lace, all M
¦ tlzes and widths. . • . H
H Sizes 8^4 to 10^4 Reduced to" 8 1.75. -^ 3
|¥ Sizes 11 to 2 Reduced to W2.OO- •" . ffi
B Broken lots of Misses' and Children's Tan and Black Kid,' button I H
Wi "tnd lace. ,....«¦, ... i ¦ raj
g . Eeduced to SI. 00 to close them out. .'...¦. H
g BOYS AND YOUTHS. 1
E Bors* and Tenths' best quality Satin Calf, full extension sole, lace, ' H
¦ all sizes and widths. . ; .:. •¦ ¦¦¦ gg
|i Sires 11 to 2 Reduced to 81.60- ' '¦•"' ¦
M . Sizes 2Vi to 6 Reduced to ffi. 75. . ' ...lu...— .; .'. .;^ '.- s-rM
|? B|||Jff^r^~^MjMuia i t i. TiWI WilHIllI ¦
AUVEETISEilENTS.
ADVEBTISEHENTS.Pages 23132
SAN FR ANCISGO, SUNDAY; JULY; ¦; 2 1;; 1 90 1.
CALIFORNIA DAY AT SHELL MOUND
FULL OF THE NOISE AND FURY OF WAR
Bain Ends Arizona Drought.
- TUCSON, Ariz., 'July, 20.— A general rain,
the first of the • season, ; fell ; this ' evening.
The drought has been severe and the rain
has caused much rejoicing. mi2$
Mrs. A. M. Allen, rick, suffering and In
filre want, ended her life by taking strych
nine at the home of Mrs. Annie Bwarts,
1C35 De Haro street. Friday night. The
passing of the unfortunate woman marks
the close of the third and final chapter
In a pathetic family tragedy.
Mrs. Allen's only child, a «on^ went
down In the Ill-fated City of Chester, Jn
Ban Francisco Bay many years ago, when
that vessel was cut In two by the Oceanic.
Her husband. A. F. Allen. was*murdered
In Napa County three years ago.
Mr. and Mrs. Allen had a comfortable
home in Napa, which they called the Solid
Comfort Home. It was true to Its name,
and they were HvJng happily until Mr. Al
len became addicted to drink. He neglect
ed his business and soon the home was
mortgaged. Allen's business affairs, be-
cause of bis dissipation, w*nt. from bad
to worse, and after, he was killed the
raortjraRe was foreclosed, Mrs.' Allen be
ing at that time a helpless invalid. Bha
drifted about from ono place to . another.
her ailment, a general breaking down of
the system, growing more and more seri
ous. Finally she was admitted to the City
and County Hospital, from which institu
tion she was removed three. weeks ago to
the home of Mrs . Swarts. a .charitable
woman, to whom she was a. total stranger.
And there she died by her own hand.
: Before takins? the poison the . unfortu
nate = woman wrote a note In pencil, from
which. the following extracts are made: ¦
To "."Whom It May. Concern:,' I do here on
my bed. of sufferinr thank the dear and kind
friends who took me into care -for the- rest of
mx t •hcrt life, to whom my . Beatitude ' can
nevfr rfpay their klndneca to, me. .A father or
mother could not do more than they have done,
and I- cannot depend upon them for support
until— well,-- 1' belonir to the Ladies' . American
Lodg*. I ahould like to ten them once more
in tconlon bef ort I ' die, I do not f ear death,
Rnd hnv» alwayi tried to live rlrht through
life. My ¦ufTerlnr U too rr«at, which I can
not «n<Jur«. I no I chose death by my own hand
with strychnine which I had over three years
in my poaaecilon. ~ > •
i Homeless, helpleis and destitute, I could not
even get any. medicine to relieve pain without
the money. . I think it better to ' be I at
rest. •"•, • Yours with due ' respect,' ¦ •'
- MRS. A. .M. -ALLEN, aj;e 61. widow of '
- A. F. Allen. ,/ " " ....
P. S.— Blame no one. for this act of mine. I
fear, not to die.- ' . . ¦ . ¦• .... ,,-.
HONOR
GUEST FROM
THE ANTIPODES.
The Caledonian Club held an open meet-
Ing' Jn Scottish Hall Friday night. . Tho
hall, was crowded with members and their
l^dy friends. An. excellent' programme of
songs, recitations and, instrumental' solos
was rendered -by; Piper Nell ¦ Lindsay;
Messrs. Brown, Boysen, Klein, Neumann,
K&irgrleve, Ford, Carles,. Brodie and Klr
by and- Mrs. I Edmonson, Miss : Prltchard
and Mrs. Squires. . •'¦¦ - o : • : ,
I Chief Macpherson :. Introduced - to the
meeting Alexander Burt, one of. the lead
ing citizens.. of ; Dunedin.". New Zealand,
who is here on i his ¦way .-.to Scotland .- an<1
the European 'continent for a V yearns
pleasure trip with hls.two flaughters.^. He
is an honorary director of the Caledonian
Society.- of J Dunedin -and , delivered an ¦ In
teresting address . on - the,'- society's . doings
there and; the, great < progress the 4 " colony
has been making In recent years. *•;
'The bullet entered the night prowler's
forearm and lodged In the muscles; from
which It was cut out. The wound, while
painful, is not serlnus. The man was later
removed to the Seventeenth-street • sta
tion, where he gave the name of I. San
chez. He was? booked on a charge of at
tempt to commit burglary. The prisoner
declined to give any information regard-
Ing himself. . ¦ . .. - ...
" Griffin .; aiakod /the ; marauder what ' was
wanted! *' and ;.the. stranger: took lo his
heels, gj He | was ": told : to halt, I \ but ' at
tempted to, climb, over. the., fence." -The
police ¦ ofllcerj drew-his - pistol ¦ and ' caught
thefugitlve with a bullet In the arm. The
burglar, fell to ground crj'lng out with
pain.' .The rofflcer piclced':hlm up, called a
patrol' wagon-^and sent -_him^ to , the .City
and 1\ County >. Hospital. His | wound ' was
dressed'by Dr.'Beerman.
Police OJncer'M.J..' Griffin' had an-en-
Counter'about 10:30 o'clock laat rilRht with
a. burglar who attempted, to 'effect 'an en
trance "into, tho offlcer.'s"; residence.. .2625
Howard street. Orlffln, / upon returning
home,;- heard/ a. 'noise ..in*' the, rear ,of. his
house. , He went, downstairs and . found j a
man attempting to' forco ",~ an . entrance
through ; a' rear ; jw1ndow.S'..U,\ . [, ' •
¦,. ¦ ,-v . •' of Oklahoma Lands." ; . '.
;. "WASHINGTON. ¦ July.^- 20.— The ' reffnla
tlons for "the disposition of the townsite
lots In the Wichita, Klowa, Apache and
Government Makes Known the Regu
. '¦ Rations: to Govern Auction .
WILL SELL TOWN. LOTS
V ,ON THE RESERVATIONS
POLICE OFFICER WOUNDS A BURGLAR
WHO ATTEMPTS TO ENTER HIS HOUSE
Comanche reservations In Oklahoma, to
be opened , August 6, were Issued -by the
Interior Department to-day. They direst
Assistant Commissioner Richards of the
General Land Office to take charge of and
superintend the sale of town , lots In the
county seat townsites of Lawton. Anar
darko and' Hobart. The blocks in these
townsites will ¦ be divided Into lota of
twenty-five feet for business lots and fifty
feetfor residences. No person 'shall pur
chase more' than . one business and one
residence lot In the same townsite. : Town
lots . In each townsite w:ll ,be| auctioned
off to the highest bidder, for. cash. The
sale will begin at 9 a. m..' August 6. and
extend -until all lots are_sold.v,but hot be
yond August ZL The business lots
be sold first.
42; J. I* Utschlgr Jr., 43; total.^251.
Company D. Fifth Infantry, San Rafael— W.
T. Butterworth. 42; H. Iverson, 43; T.8. Arch
er, 41; T. .Kerrigan. 43; J. Dawson. 38; F. B.
Moulton. 41;. total, 251. •"
¦ Battery B. First Artillery— J. F. 'Norton 40;
A. S. Hatneld, 42; Lieutenant W. S. Grattan,
41;.J. W. Cobby. 40; F. J. Povey, 44; W. W.
Thompaon." 42; total, 249. '¦'¦:¦ \
OFF, SEVEEAI PRIZES
¦University of California. .¦ cadet corps— E. B.
Harley. :4I: Rj^M. Hardln.' 33; AV. B. Halnes
40; Captain N. A'anderbllt. 42; J. A. Pearce.
41 ; H. F. White, 42 ; , total. 230. .
LOCAL POLICE CARRY .
One of the most Interesting events of
the ¦ Bundesfest . was the , shootlns match
between a picked team of six officers of
the -San ; Francisco Police Department and
a team cpmpnsr*d of members of the Oak
land force. The match was won by. the
San Francisco men by 8 points.
•The Kold medal for the patrolman mak
ing: the best individual score, however,
went to Officer H. B: 'Henflersoii of Oak
lard, who scored 46 out of a possible 50.
Officer. Cavanagh of the team fromvthis
side of the' bay was a close second, mak
ing 45 points in his ten shots.'
one'mnn from each- toam yet to • shoot.
Batteries C and D were tied on a score of
• 208. . •Company D had a score of 207 and
: tho oadeti bad 197 ¦ points to their credit.
Tlio lPBt shootors In the contests were the
. best' marksmen In the teams. Moulton of
the lnfnhtry te.ini was as steady as a rock
: and 'determined to;bringthe prize to San
Rafael. He "carried .a. 'handicap of one
point. TTtschig and Meyer' of the . bat
teries, that. were tied, and White of the
University caJets were eaually > as deter
mined that tho cup ehouJd go to them.
; Ten sh.-its apiece were allowed. the cracks,
.and when these were fired the' result
'stood: Meyer 57. Moulton 44. • Utschig "43.
• Thompson 42 and White 42. Pattery C had
; captured the . U am and individual prize.
• Company D'ahi Battery C were tied' for
second place. Battery B ¦ was third and
; the cadet's were last. . J ~ -
The individual and team scores were as
. follows;. . • - ' '
Battery C. First ' Artillery.' N." G. C.^-C. E.
Ooodnll, 42; Len Grant. 42: 'H. J. Musgrave.
42: Fred Carson, 42; .Ward" Grant, 40;' Chris
Meyer. 47; total. 155. • - . ¦
Battery . D. • Flret Artillery— Percy • L. Bartt,
41; T,. J. 1 Reubold. 40; E. P. Jacobaon. 4S: W.
A. .Thompson, 40;. Captain; T. J. Cunningham,
POLICE OFFICERS FILED INTO THE RANGES AT SHELL MOUND PARK YESTERDAY MORNING AND AFT
ERNOON AND SHOOT FOR MEI.ALS AND HONOR. UNIVKRSITY CADETS AND NATIONAL GUARD TEAMS
ENGAGE IN INDIVIDUAL AND TEAM. COMPETITION. , . • ¦ : ¦>: ' \
, .The following marksmen have- been
awarded silver goblets and gold and silver
medals. Festival goblets for 300 points or
more:
F. H. Bushnell. Otto Bremer, Henry "Wicker
C. A. Shafer. Colorado: C. M. Henderson, e!
Brldgre. Vermont: Sylvain Trounstlne, Cincin
nati; E. F. Rlchter, Milwaukee; M. Glndele
Cincinnati; J. "W". Goetze. Joseph Fetz Charles
F. Thierbach. M. C. Ramsey, Colorado; August
Jungblut. r>. W. King Jr.. r>enver.
Gold medals, for 150 points and over— L P
Ittel. Pennsylvania: Captain Fred Kuhnl-
Petaluma; J. P. Delahunty, C. J. Barnes Colo
rado; A. Steckler.. G. L. Vought, Denver:
Captain John Thode, D. W. King Jr. Denver
SUver medals, for. 50 points and over— Alfred
Gfeller, Missouri; A. MoBotti. John Lankenau
G. Orsi.'Gustav Schul*. F. A. Kuhls. J. Bach
mann. George R. Hauser. E. Berg. Iowa* L.
P. Ittel. Pennsylvania; H. "Wicker. * Ferdinand
Beck. Virginia City. Nev.; O. M. Barnes. Grand
Junction. Colo.: F. N. Scofield. San Diego- M
Bedell, Pittsbunr; H. L. Soehlmann. F. C.
Ross. New York: B. Kestner. Louis Haake
H. H. Uckotter. Cincinnati; M. Glndele. Cin
cinnati; August Haynke. Sacramento: John
Ha«em«», ; Lot Angelea: TV. H. Slever W
Rusher, H. F. Muller. J. Tiedemana, Joseph
Maler.
The highest scores for the day on the
principal targets were: :.
Bear target— C. Meyer. San Francisco. 13.
-, Rt 5 s ar8r , et ~ F - P - Schtvter. San Francisco.
73; E. Berckmann, New York. 73. ¦.-•¦¦».•
Man target-Dr. Lee O. Rodgers. San Fran-
Cisco. 76.
target— A. Strecker. San Francisco.
William Ehrenpfort mad* 75 on the man tar
ret, and President Kuhls made the first bulli
eye and John D. Helse the last bullseye of
the day. - -~\ >,.
silver medals since the opening of the fes
tival. , - • .
SKILLED MABKSME1T TR.Y
THEHONORAEY TASGET
Aside from the king shoot the greatest
Interest is centered npon the Eureka hon
orary target. The best scores made on,
that target yesterday were:
J. D. East. Pope-Ramsey Rifle Club. Denver.
Colo.. 87; G. M. Barley. Columbia Rifle and
Pistol Club, 65; Louis Brehm. Pittsbursr Rlrta
Club. 64: L. O. Va tight. Denver Rifle Club. 84:
Smith Carr. San Francisco police. S3: J. Sin
jrer. Los Angeles. 62: Adolph Strecker. 62; A.
L. Ott. 62: A. B. Dorrell. 61: E. Berg. Daven
port, la.. 60: Frank Mathie. Wauwaaoota. Win..
69; D. B. Faktor. 59; Captain John Thode 5*:
George J. Krueckel. 53; M. Bedell. Pittsbur«.
58: Judge George H. Bahrs. 57: George F. Ca
valli, 57; T. A. Atchison, San Francisco police.
67.
The best scores for the day on th© ring
target were the following:
E. Berckmann. New York. 73: E. Schmidt,
Sacramento. 73; F. P.TSchugter. San Francisco.
73; W. N. Hasenzahl. Connecticut. 72: E. Ber*.
Iowa, 71 : J. Meyer. Sacramento. 71; T. R.
Gelsel. Massachusetts. 70.
SHOOTERS CONTINUE
TO WIN TBOFHIES
Crack Shots of the University Cadets Enter
•^ Into a Contest at the Butts With Na-
Ltionaf Guardsmen and Suffer Defeat
• The patrolmen commenced shooting at
10 a. m. and finished at 11:30. During the
entire match the greatest excitement pre
vailed, as it was known that a spirit of
keen rivalry existed between the "cop
pers." Sergeant Helms of this city
coached the local shooting cracks, whllo
the Oakland. men were under the leader
snip of Captain W. J. Petersen. The con
test was held at the Creedmore target
under Blunt .rules and was under the di
rection of Shooting Master H. Huber. The
shooting was 200 yards, offhand, open
sight, with a 44 caliber "Winchester rifle
with a three-pound pull.
' Following are the individual scores of
the police teams:
SAN FRANCISCO POLICE DEPARTMENT
TEAM.
T. A. Atchlsoh ..5 5 4 5 4 4 4 4 4 4-43 i
"W. H Burkhnlder 4 54544434 4—4?
J B. Cavanaugh 4 45454545 5—43
Richard Inprhnm 4 44354444 5— 41
W. W. "Wilson 4 4 4 4 5 4 4 4 5 4—43
Carr Smith .......4 4 4 4 4 5 5 4 4 5—43—257
OAKLAND POLICE DEPARTMENT TEAM.
D. W. Swain.... 4 4554444S 4—41
N. Williams 5 34545444 4 — 13
H.'-C. Arnest 4 4 5 4 3 4 4 4 4 5—41
I.. E Andrews 3 4 5 4 5 4 4 4 4 4-41
H. B. Henderson 5 55444555 4—46
Fred Schroeder 3 44444434 4— 3S-243
T. A. Atchison of the San Francisco
Police Department Shooting Team made a
remarkably good score on the honorary
target yesterday. He' used a 44-caliber
"Winchester rifle, model of 1873, with a
three-pound- pull and made . fifty-nine
points. Smith Carr. also of the San
Francisco police team, took ten shots at
the, same target and scored sixty-three.
These scores entitled both the officers to
valuable trophies. .
HOBOXEN MERCHANT
MAKES GOOD SCOU3
Emil Berckmann of Hoboken. New Jer
sey, has .been one of . the steady shooters
at the festival.. His scores on all the tar
fets have been high ones and' have
rought him many prizes.' He is one of
the most popular marksmen at theBundes
fest." Mr. Berckmann paid, particular, at
tention to the man target, on which ho 1
made a score of 77, which entitles him to
a handsome gold medal. On the ring tar
pet he has a score of 73. . He has - also
won a. silver medal and cup. The latter
prize' is, given to those who score more
than' 300 on the point target Mr. Berck
manh'ha? teen a participant in shooting
contests for years past and Is the proud
possessor of more than 100 medals and
valuable trophies won by him at .the
butts. He is a member of the Independent
Rifles of Hoboken. " . "
Ar Lehrke is doing some good shooting
the last few days of the festival. He has
tried his skill at all the targets and mart<j
some large scores. His strong forte is off
hnnd shooting.- at which he has few peers.
Mr. Lehrke has captured several gold and
United States of America." National
Guard companies, the oollce departments
of the State and the University of Cali
fornia cadets occupied the ranges and
6hot>for prizes. This wan an Incident. All
the color of the day came in the recep
tion to the Governor and his staff. Es
corted by President Kuhls and John IX
Heise. Governor Gage, followed" by his
soldierly atttred staff, look possession of
Shell Mound yesterday afternoon." When
th«y reached the platform which holds
the view of the ranges President Kuhls
Introduced the chief executive. A speech
by the Governor followed. Superheated
atmosphere fell from his lips in stump
fashion— Just enough of it to keep the air
from too«sudden a cocMng. for the shoot
ers ceased their fire wnen the Governor
?*» his say. After the speech was lin
islW-d hats were waved and cheers shook
the rafters. The band played the "Star
Spangled Banner." the staff officers re
moved caps, and then the shooters werft
back to their work. After that the ban
quet engagement was undertaken by the
soldiers. Victory graced their efforts.
- The soldier support of Governor Giik<»
included Adjutnnt General Seamans, Col
onel F. E. Beck. Colonel Thomas WIL
hclm, Lieutenant Colonel Herbert Choy
inski.Colonel J.- F. Young. Colonel George
H. Plpoy. S. J. Hendy and Charles Sonn
tag. Major General . Dickinson was ac
companied by Colonel D. E. Miles, Col
onel J. M. W. Draper. Colonol Louis Bar
rere. Colon*>l W. A. Hnlstend. Co'on*>l C.
J. Evans. Ma lor L. R. Pchmltt nnd Major
Hewes. The Naval MMIiia was represent
ed by Captain T. A. Nerney, Lieutenant
Commander Douglas White and Captain
L. H." Turner.
At the banquet Isaiah Choynskl offici
ated as toastmaster. and. the following
guests responded to the toasts: Governor
Gage, General Dickinson, President Kuhls,
Senator E. I. "Wolfe. Rudolph Herolrl.
Captain W. English. Sheriff
Lackmann. Judge Conlan. Edward L.
Head. D. B. Faktor. August Jungblut and
Captain Robert Wieneke.
STRECKKR AMD MASON
IN" THE PUBLIC'S EYE
Compared with ladles' dav the celebra
tion yesterday was tame. On Friday the
crowds surged in and out of the avenues,
filled the dance pavilion and watched the
shooters with zealous interest. A nmall
attendance and no sensational shooting
was the record of yesterday. F E Ma
son, who holds In his hands the possible
chance of winnlnc the klnpshlp from re
nowned Adolph Strecker. did not shoot
his last string. He Is nursing his nerve
husbanding his strength for the final or
deal. Fifty shots yet remain for him and
If he repeats— why. then. Strecker will bo
great but not greatest" on the rifle range.
The "sweat box" found Strecker as a vic
tim. This man whose nerve is as finely
drawn as a taut steel wire could do not h-
UNIVERSITY CADETS
Ba'tery C, First Artillery, N.-G^C./'cap
ture-i the honors yesterday In the unlver
> sity and militia shoot. The. team cf' six
men from' the new artllleiy corps, picked
aftor careful- trial, . won it'ue ,matoh by
scoring 253 points. Chris Meyer, of. the
winning toanY captured the gold medal for
the best individual scorw by making se\en
bullgeyes In succession ¦ and .putting . his
other tirripo shcts In the circle ojuntlng
four points. "His total, was 47: There 'were
five terms of-slx men: each in the contest.
•Rn.tttrles B. C and D of the' First Artil
lery and Company D of the Fifth Infantry
of Sar. ,-Rafael represented the- National
Guard.- and six nv?p. from the Un'vcrsity
of California cadet corps shot for. the
boner of their alma' mater. I m . ¦
The match was close and e ( xcltlnsr. -WHh
Ing. better than 62 on' the honorary -tar
got, but on the sfandard he made 49 out
of a possible 50. Mason with his 24. 25 and
another shot to be heard ought to do won
ders on the honorary- when all points are
added. More than one man is waiting for
that other shot. . • • * ':•¦ .. -
MILITIAMEN DEFEAT ' ) '\'
DEATH BY POISON SELF ADMINISTERED
ENDS A PATHETIC FAMILY TRAGEDY
SPEECHES MADE AT. ;
THE SHOOTING BAJTO3
According to schedule, yesterday was
sot apart as California day In the third
National Bundes Shooting Festival of the
The Governor's staff was on parade. Un
der the guidance of the chief executive it
was introduced to the smell of gunpow
der. The sharpshooters and record break
ers performed their best. The rifles ran?
their punctuatinR flre incessantly for the
delectation of the dignified .visitors. With
pvery shot the titled soldiers who graced
the seventh day of the third . National
Bundes Festival became more martial.
Their shoulders straightened. they
breathed fierce war and fought countless
battles with the circumambient air. The
very march to the banquet table exuded
rourajre and thnt darins: spirit that comes
rrom hostile struggie. Then, like true sol
diers, the?/ foil to the feast before them.
Full of speech ana grandiloquence, t')ey
passed a few happy hours at the table.
They told of the stability of :he State and
what -war meant, and how Inextricably it
was bound up v.*ith marksmanship. Then
the Land played martial music and the
Governor's staff, elated and with heaven
reraplnjr chin*, passed out of the grounds,
thoroughy! satisfied with the fierce iaborn
of the day and the successful encounter
on the table of peace.
GOVERITOB'S STAFF
SMELLS GTTTTPOWDEIt
THEY came, they saw, but they
did .not conquer— Governor Gage
and his blue-coated and tinseled
Ftaff. To the music 'of "Hail!
Hail! to the Chief." " the Gov
ernor and more than a dozen of
the wearers cf immaculate blue
entered (he She!l Mound grounds yester
day afternoon, and out -of . step they
¦walked over the gravel of the main ave
nue to the shooting fange*. Grait and
grlor'ou? was the entrance to the gallery
above the shooting boxes. All felt It as
the cpculetted staff sat down to a view
of the fiery action at the ranges. . .
The swell cf gunpowder filled the air.
The crackling flre and all the noise and
hurtle of bellic attributes assailed the
senses. The gubernatorial escort sniffed
and miffed and sniff ei. Some of them
Km-ezed. Rome of them coughed, the
framff of some Jerked spasmodically as
the sputtering: shots streamed fire nnd
Jrad toward the targets.- 200 yards away.
A few held their heads on a straight level
nnd looked real martial. Then they air
fi'ed out end sat down under the trees to a
banquet and lirtened to other popping
noises. They went away happy.. and on
every tongue of the peaee-loving ttoldlers
¦were words of quiet battle and unrhyth
mlc song.
Saiv Francisco Police Officers ©isplay^reat
Skill With Their Rifles and : Defeat a
Picked Team From Oakland Department
11111MONTEREY, July 20.— A sixty-four- and
j a half! pounds sea bass was captured in
; - Monterey Bay yesterday by. Leopold! Vag
nozzi, a local fisherman. This is the larg
est fish of the kind caught here In more
than twenty years.!-- <-'- > • - - ¦ > •. f ¦
Monster Sea Bass Caught.
Two Clubs Consolidate.
SAN JOSE,. July .20.— The .Merchants'.
Athletic Club andthe Garden City Wheel
men have^ consolidated under ; the; name
of the Garden City Athletic Club. Hence
forth the wheelmen *will be known as the
Garden - City Athletic ¦ Club "Wheelmen.
While they are part of the athletic club,
they will not be given use of that- club's
parlors. '¦:, Rooms for them "are being fitted
up'lnext' to: spacious' clubrooms' and .they
will. have the use of the gymnasium.' This
move will give. the cyclists a better stand
ing and backing. - - - -
Southern Pacific Excursion Hates
'Trom San*' Francisco All Over
the State. '
On sale for Epworth Leaguera and
friends, July ' 12 to August 15, fare and
third ! round trip. Stopovers everywhere.
Watch announcements special excursions
special days. Literature and rates, Infor
mation bureaus and ticket offices, 613 Mar
ket street and Mechanics' Pavilion.
LONDON,. July 20.— Richard Croker's
filly. Altaloma (L. Reiff), won the Cobham
plate for two-year-olds and ' upward; dis
,tance. five furlongs, ,' at' the second day's
racing to-day of 'the Sandowne second
summer meeting. At the Haydock Park
July meeting to-day Croker's Gladwin (J.
Reiff), won the Ash ton Auction Plate for
two-year-olds, distance five furlongs.
Captain Eustace Loder's filly Game Chick
(L-.. Reiff), by Gallinue out of Tierce, won
the National Breeders' Produce stakes of
£5000, distance, five furlongs.' Corri
gan's bay gelding Tarsney (Thorpe), won
the Paddock -Plate. ; '.•
Croker's Filly the Winner.
LONDON, July 20.— In the rifle shooting
contests held to-day' at Bisley. under the
auspices of the National Rifle Association
the St. George's vase was won by , Pri
vate Mahy of Guernsey, with a score of
116. Sergeant Bodley of Canada, who waa
fifteenth with a score of 109, wins the Na
tional Rifle Association badge and £9.
Corporal Ommunsen of the Queen's Rifle
Volunteer Brigade of Edinburgh won the
King's prize. Ommunsen " tied with Ser
geant Major Burr of the First Hampshire
Volunteers. In the shoot off the former
gained the coveted distinction.
Private Wins St. George's Vase.
¦ CINCINNATI. July ¦ 20.— Phillips ' pitched, a
grand game to-day, and .with . perfect \ support
in. the field again defeated .the -Philadelphia
team. Donahue was hit timely. Attendance,
3000." Score:'
.I-.' Clubs— ".'¦-.'•.- : - R.'.' H. • E.'
Cincinnati ;'... 6 -/ 9 ¦ '.' * 0
Philadelphia 1 9 1
-Batteries— Phillips and Bergen; Donahue and
Douglas..- , v -v -• y ¦¦';,-.:-¦. ; :
In the meantime the result of the effort
of the Central Pacific to lower its assess
ment in Nevada will be watched with in
terest. ¦ - . •
¦President Hays swears that the com
pany Is out of politics and that he In
tends to run the railroad like any com
mercial Institution. Those who are inter
ested in politics claim that Hays cannot
run the road without himself or some of
his representatives having a finger In the
pie. Politicians say that this is the first
handwriting on the wall on the part of
the Nevada Legislature, and that unless a
liberal purse ts judiciously- distributed
among- politicians both here and in Ne
vada, things will be much worse in the
future. . -¦ '
A number of California politicians who
have been in the habit of receiving small
courtesies from the Southern Pacific in
the past to "sort of grease the wheels,",
say that, there will be "something doing"
in the next Legislature unless "Hays
changes his present tactics. Others who
admire Hays' stand claim that he is not
a man to be intimidated and that the
first time that he is approached on any
holdup proposition he will make it 'warm
for all parties concerned. • '¦.¦-¦¦
i A. few months ago the Nevada Legisla
ture raised the assessment on the Central
Pacific's property in Nevada more than ?0
per, cent. Attorney E. Black Ryah; who
has charge'of the tax department of "the
Southern Pacific Company, was ¦ dum
founded when served with the notice of
the raise. He did nothing then in the
matter, which was left unattended to for
several weeks. At last it was decided to
fight the case and papers were Hied in
Carson City, the Central Pacific Company
protesting against what it claimed was
an -unjust assessment.. The -ca.se is to
open on Monday in Carson and last.even
ing "W. F. Herrin, Judge: John Garber and
E. Black Ryan left to appear for the rail
road company.
Can Hays stay out of politics? That is
the question that is troubling the admin
istration of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. " ;.,
Garber and Ryan His Sec
onds in Fight at the
Carson Contest.
HERRIN LEAVES
FOR RINGSIDE
its drill team in uniform. For the team
that shall do the best work and make the
fewest mistakes there is offered a silver
ax, and there are ! a number that will
strive for -the prize." The .team of Golden
Gate Camp No. 64 of this city, of whicii
Thomas J. McCourtney is the captain,
feels, confident that It will return- with
the ax and place it on exhibition in the
camp in Native Sons* Hall. The team
has been drilling for many a night and
it proposes to drill until the day of the
contest. In addition to: the drill this team
proposes to have a. side degree," after the
initiation, arid to initiate a large class of
candidates. This, it is said, is to be a
novelty in the side degree line and It will
be striking on account of new features
and at the same time decidedly impres
sive.
BALI. ON EASTERN" FIELDS^
Results of the Playing in American
and National Leagues.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, July 20.— Lewis was hit hard in
the first and fifth innings to-day and Detroit
took the first of the series from Boston by a
score of 8 to 6. Siever did not receive the best
of- support Attendance, 8543. Score:
Clubs—' •" - *- '_-;- R. . H. - E.
Boston .."..*.,..... .V.J.i.... » ' 10 4
Detroit ; 8 9 5
Batteries— Lewis and Sch'reck; Slever and
Buelow. . . V. '¦
'• MILWAUKEE, July 20.— Fonnan held the
home .team safe until the. eighth, when the
Milwaukee players jumped upon him for four
singles and one double. He retired in favor
of McGinnity. who retired the side in time to
save the game for his team. Attendance. 1500.
Score: • »
Clubs— ¦ , • R. H. E.
Milwaukee .'...11 16. 3
Baltimore 13 13 2
Batteries — Sparks, Garvln, Maloney and Con
nor; Forma n, McGinnity and Robinson.
v CHICAGO, July 20.— Philadelphia won to
day's game on account of numerous errors by
Chicago. With any kind of support Griffith
would easily . have won the game, as Fraser
was wild and hit frequently. Attendance, 4000.
Score: • » .
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 6 .7 7
Philadelphia 8 " 8 2
Batteries— Griffith and Sullivan; Fraser and
Smith. ¦ : -
CLEVELAND. July, 20.— Cleveland waa beaten
THOMAS J. McCOURTNEY, CAP
TAIN. OF . GOLODEN GATE
DRILL. TEAM, W. O. W.
, BUTTE, Mont.. 'July 20.— Results:
' First race, six furlongs— "Vlrgie d'Or won,
Adnoor second, Kenova third. Time. 1:15.
! Second race, mile and seventy yards— Ida- V
won. Domsie ' second/. Bert Davis third.^' Time,
Third race Owners' handicap, five furlongs-
Doublet won, Hagerdon second, Decapo third.
Time 1:00, breaking track v record, made by
May W in 1896. .
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs—In
nocencia won. Dandy second, "Water Scratch
third. -Time, :55.. - - ,. T
-Fifth race, one mile— Sylvan ; Lass wqn, Jim
Hale second. Burdock third. Time,' l:4O4. -
¦ Sixth " race, mile and twenty yards— Spindle
won St. Germain: second. The -Buffoon' third.
Time, 1:43%. -i i : -,_
. Seventh race, mile and a sixteenth— Sisquoc
Von, Brown Prince second, Silver. Coin third.
Time, :l:49Vi. ..." . ,, / . . ' : ¦ ¦ '. '
First race, six furlongs, selling— Mound City
won. Sinfl second. Elsie Barnes third. Time.
1: Second race, mile and twenty yards, selling
—Boots won. Pirate's Daughter second, Clay
Third race', seven turlongs— Lur.nr JJ^on.
Sweet Voice second, Sue Johnson third. Time,
Fourth race, the New Century handicap, . sis
furlongs, purse $1500— Wyeth won. Wakita eec
ond ¦ Colonel Stone third. -Time, 1:16.
Fifth race, six and p^half furlongs— Tom Col
lins won. Northern Spy-second, Peaceful third.
Sixth race! mile and seventy yards— Ida Led
$mm won. Belle Simpson second, Maxlmus
Seventh race, mile and a half, selling— Judg«
Stead man won; Swordsman second, Eugenia
S third. Time. -2:37%. :
ST. LOUIS. July 20.— Delmar Park summary
First race, "si* furlongs, selling— Royal Sa
lute won. Badinage second. Miss Shanley third.
Second race, T five furlongs— Concertina won,
Peonelle second, Santa Bonlta fhird. Time,
Third race : handicap. ~ six furlongs— Baronet
won The Boer second. Moor third. Time. .1:15.
Fourth race, one mile— Khaki won, j Talala
second. Orontas third. Time, l:41tt. • r .
Fifth race, seven furlongs, sellinr-Pharoah
won, Kathlin second, By George third. Time,
Sixth/race, six furlongs _ selling-Iola^ won,
Euclaire second", Infelice third. Time, .1.15%.
BUFFALO, July, 20.— Fort Erie summary:
NEW YORK, J.uly 20.— A. H. and D. H.
Morris' Compute, at the lucrative price
of 30 to 1, won the rich Foxhall stakes of
$15,000 at Brighton Beach to-day. In on«
of 'the most sensational races of the meet
ing he won by & scant half length, while
Hyphen- beat William C- Whitney's Go d
smith a head for the place: Fully lo.OOO
people. saw the race. ¦¦ •_ ¦ '
Twelve horses faced the starter for the
star event. -Hatasco- was the favorite at
5 to'- 2 with Goldsmith and Alan-a-Dale
about equal second choices, at 4 to.L AJl
kinds of prices could be had against the
others. They were sent off on the second
break, with Hatasco ' first to show and
Compute, Goldsmith, Disadvantage and
Peninsular the most prominent of the
others; Alan-a-Dale was far back and
was never a factor at any part of the
O'Connor let Hatasco make the running
going up the back stretch, but in the far
turn Compute raced the other and showed
the. way Into the stretch, Hatasco, Gold
smith, Peninsular and Hyphen in close
order behind him. . When straightened out
Hatasco again headed Compute, but it
was a dying effort and at the last furlong
pole she dropped back beaten, while Hy
phen, who was closing with a well-timed
rush, and Goldsmith, went in to. fight it
out with Compute. It was a stirring drive
to the wire, with the bigr crowd cheering
and calling the other favorites. McCue
held the whip hand, however, and lanaetl
Compute a winner, just beating
Goldsmith a head for the place. Sum
mary:
First race, the Chantllly hurdle stake, ' one
mile arid a half— Klondike won, Magric Light
second, Passe Partout third. Time, . 2:47 2-5.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—The Black Scot v/on, Goldllla second, Ta
veta third. Time, IMS 1-5. ' .
Third race,, mile and an eighth — Monarka
won. Carbuncle second. Scurry, third. Time,
1 *^2 ' • - '
Fourth race, the Foxhall stakes of $15,000, six
furlongs— Compute, 113 (McCue), 30 to 1 and
10 to 1 won. Hyphen, 115 (T. "Walsh). 15 to 1
and 3 to 1, second; Goldsmith, 112 (Burns),- 4 to
1 and 7 to 5, third. Time, 1:13 1-5.
Otis, Oom Paul, Hatasco, Master Man, Alan
a-Dale, Peninsular, Disadvantage. City. Bank
and Whisky King also ran. !
Fifth -.raoc, 6ix furlongs, " selling— Annie
Thompson won, Kid second, Gold Fox third.
Tiine, 1:14 1-5. ' „ , , ,;
Sixth race, five and one-half furlongs—Cam
eron won. Sombrero second, Ben Howard third.
Time, 1:07 2-5.
Tast Horse Captures Fifteen Thou
sand IDollar Stake at Brighton..'
Besides the large tent in which the Ini
tiatory work will be performed, and which
is 7 to be illuminated Interiorly and exter
iorly with lanterns of various hues, there
will be a number of blazing campfires and
each camp will have a tent to be used aa
headquarters. : It will be the aim of the
committee in charge to- make the effect
of the exterior as picturesque as can be'
produced by a combination of nature and'
art. ¦•' ' • ¦' ' : ' *' '¦' ¦
The work of initiating so many will be
carried on by - ; various teams from differ
ent camps and each will be assisted* by
COMPUTE GETS THE POXHALI.
THE work; that^has been done in
the several camps of the Woodmen
of the World in this State, to the
end that • 1500 strangers' shall ', be
initiated -into* the mysteries of
Woodcraft at Fernbrook on the night of
August 10, shows „ that very ¦ nearly tha
number desired by the committee .of ar
rangements will have' been secured by
that time. . It is asserted that more than
1300 have already been pledged to go into
the forest' on 4 that night and b.e taught
how to "hew to the line and let the chips
fall wherever they may." In addition to
those who are , to take the degrees it is
expected that more than 2000 of the neigh
bors of, Woodcraft, members of the va
rious camps who 1 are privileged to wear
as a boutonniere emblem the little stump
bearing the letters W. O. . W., wlllbe on
hand to witness the novel ceremony.
Runs • responsible - for — Jones. 5. Three-base
hit — Courtney. .Two-base • hit — McGucken.
Sacraflice hit— Hutchinson. First base on er
rors—Los Angeles, 1. First base on called balls
—Jones 1: Stricklett, 3. Left on bases— Los
Angeles. - 6; Sacramento, 7. Struck out— By
Jones, 1; by Stricklett. 5. Hit by pitcher—
. Spies. Double plays— Stanley to Devereaux ;
Sheehan to Hinlon. Time. 1:35. Umpire— Levy.
Official scorer— H. R. McFarlin. -; / ... .:
RUNS AND HITS BYINNINGS. v :
LO3 Angeles .......;... '0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits .1 0 0 0 1,0 0 0 l-r- 3
Sacramento.. 1 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 1-5
Base hits ............ 1 0 12 0 1 5.0.2-12
¦SUMMARY. ; ; '.
SACRAMENTO. v .
: AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, ss ...... 4 ,- 11 1 4 ;• 1 0
McLauzhlln. If 5 . .'0 0 0. 0 - 0 0
Courtney, 2b 5 .03 ,1 12 0
Doyle, rf 4- 0 1 0 } <> ¦ °
Strlcklett, p 40 1 0 10 0
Stanley, c -..:,."...... 4 0 0 0 7 i 0
Sheehan.- 3b .......... 4. 1 1 0 .3 .4-1
McGucken, cf 4 2 2 13 W> 0
Hanlon, lb 4 J. J5 J> _7 _1 _0
Totals ....... .......38 ,5 12/3 27 9-. 1
Totals' ".'..... ...28 '. 0 3 1 27 10' 1
SACRAMENTO, "July 20.— The Sacra
mento -baseball experts took sweet
revenge on the Los Angelenos to-day and
in a snappy . game, , replete with brilliant
plays, whitewashed them to the v tune of 5
to 0. Stricklett's work in the box was su
perb. Three safeties were all the Los An
geles strong- boys .could find him for, and
only one of these "went outside the dia
mond. Jones was touched up freely.
Twelve times the locals connected- safely.
Courtney led the stick work with a three
bagger and two singles and Hanlon work
ed out three safe bunts. Score:
< ... LOS ANGELES. ,
.- AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
BrockhoftVrf 2 0-0 1-1 0- 0
Reitz, 2b 4 0 1 0 2 7 0
Hutchinson, ;lb 3 0 0.0 13 0 0
Householder, cf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Bowman, If 4 0 10 4 0 0
Reilly, 3b 4 0 0 0 2.0 0
Spies, c 1 0 0.0 2-2 0
Kelly, ss »- 0 0 0 1 1 1
Jones, p ........."..¦.. 3 0 vl • ,j> 'JO J) -0
Morley's Angels Again Taken Into
Camp by the Champs.
UMPIRE PEOBABLY TO BLAME.
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Johnson 3, V"Whalen 1.
Three-base hit — Dunleavy. : Two-base hit —
Pabst. Sacrifice hits— Graham, Whalen, Krug.
First base on error— San Francisco 1. • First
base on called balls— San Francisco 5. Oakland
3. Left on bases— San Francisco 7, Oakland 2.
Struck out — By "Whalen 4. by Johnson 2. Hit by
pitcher— Strieb, Schwartz. Passed ball—Loh
man. Time of game— 1:30. ¦ Umpire— Graves.
Official scorer— H. R$ McFarlin. . . .
San -Francisco' .."...:0 0 0 0 0 1*3 0 0—4
Base hits .::..;...... .'.1 0 ¦ 0 - 1 0 - 0 1 3 0 0-^5 :
Oakland ....0 Os.0 ¦ I 0 \0 0 : 0 'Or— t
Base hits ..:..O 10 11 0 0 0 0—3
.RUNS AND HITS BY "INNINGS.
The locals trimmed their lamps in the
seventh inning 1 yesterday -afternoon,
straightened out a few of Comedian John
son's twisters and before "Youngey" set
tled" down three of the pretzel shooters
1 had crossed the rubber, and Cal Ewing's
star players were a few points further
away from the coveted pennant. \
It was a 'well played game from start to
finish, -marred by but one error, made by
"Truck" Eagan in the <; initial inning. San
Francisco played a clean, snappy game
and managed to hit the ball when hits
meant runs. The Dudes, on the other
hand, failed to bunch their hits, so here
hangs their tale of woe.
" Each side went out y in something like
one, two, three order until the fourth in
ning, when. the Dudes started in to make
a showing. .Drennan managed to obtain a
free pass to first,- but was caught in try
ing to steal second. Dunleavy came next
and connected with one of Jimmy's pet
curves for a beautiful three-bagger.
Whalen lost his ey<J for just a minute and
hit Strieb, forgetting that the "Dutch
man" was married. . Eagan next sent a
slow one to Schwartz, bringing Dunleavy
in • but going out at first himself. - "Chim
mle der Whale" proved ' too much for,
"Mother" Ix)hman, who ended the good
work by striking out. Oakland lost . her
batting eye after this. inning, securing no
more runs.". ' ¦ .. --..-.¦.
Uncle Henry's' men secured their first
tally in the sixth. Schwartz wa« hit by a
pitched ball, took second on Pabst's sin-,
gle and went to. third onKrug's sacrifice.
Nordyke sent a high one to .Strieb, who
accepted it, but Schwartz came home on
the ! throw in. Reilly then took first on
four balls, stole second but died there on
Graham's out to Dunlea\y.- ¦
San Francisco settled down to work In
the seventh. Whalen got free transporta
tion. Croll bunted but was called out for
interfering with the ball, Pete Lohman
going to sleep in- the meantime and letting
Whalen go to second on a passed ball.
The Germans in this inning took kindly
to Joh-nson's offerings. Hiidebrand tore
off a single, outting Jimmy on , third.
Schwartz also managed to hit safely,
bringing the San Francisco itwirler in.
Pabst . next straightened out one . of
Youngey's kinks for a two-cushion swat,
bringing Schwartz and Hiidebrand in, but
going out at third by trying to stretch it
into a triple. Krug then made an eat;y out,
retiring the side. '. . '...-'•;,
Both pitchers were in good trim. "Whalen
held the Dudes down to three hits, . one
of which* was a three-bagger. The Ger
mans, got five safe ones from Johnson,
three of them being secured by Pabst. The,
series -will be decided to-day. One game
will be played at Oakland in the morning
andi the deciding one in this city in the
afternoon. Following is the score: ".
,- SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.- E.
Croll, cf. 5 0 0 0 3 0 0
Hiidebrand. rf. 5 1 10 2 1 0
Schwartz, -2b. ...;.. '-3 2* 1. 1 3 3 0
Pabst. lb_ .:......... 4-03 1.7-0 0
Krus, a. e...... ;. 2 0 0 0 4 2 * 0
Nordyke. rX. 4 0 ' 0 ¦ 0 10 0
J. Reilly, 3b.-. 2.0 0 1 1 2 '-0
Oraham, o 2 - 0 0 ¦ 0. 5- 3'0
Whalen, p.. , .2 1 ' 0 . 0 ' . 1 ,,,2' r 0
Totals ....../..... £9: .4 5 . 3" ,27 13.' ;.Q
-. •, . ¦ OAKLAND.,- . i". . l'£
- v* . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. \ E.
Drennan, cf. 2 0 0 0 4 0' -0
Dunleavy, If..!..... 3 1.1. 0 .- 1' 0' 0
Strieb. rf. ....;.. ...i 3 0 0 1 3 ;!-: 0
Eagran.Ub. ..;.....-.". 3 ', '0* "0 "« l 9 - 0 1
Lohman," cf.......'.." 3. • 0 " 1 i 0 1-t - 2 ;-.'<> *"0
Francks, s. s. ....... 3 '0 0 ftyOftJ l*t -3-j'-0
ArrellaneE, 2b- 3 ;• 0 ¦> 1 -.^1 •• 4 . 1 0
Moore. 3b .......3 0 O.i.O , 1 \l ,0
Johnson,; p. ......;.. 3. 0 « 0 A 0 . 1 '. 6 ,10
. Totals :..'... ;.2S 1 3 2""'»26 ' 12J .' 1
•Croll out; hlt ; by batted ball. •¦¦..*;¦'
Failure to Bunch Their Hits
Responsible for the Oak- v
landers' Undoing.
Uncle Hank's Men Bat
Out a Victory in the >
-, 'Seventh.
DUDES AGAIN
TASTE DEFEAT
in spite of a promising finish to-day, because
¦Washington hit the ball -when hits were needed.
Umpire Connolly earned the Ill-feeling of . the
crowd, and was escorted from the grounds by
a policeman. Attendance, 4000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Cleveland ~ 7 . 10 2
Washington 9 13 1
Batteries— Scott, Dowllng and Teaser; Patten
and Clark.
NATIONAL LEAGtIB.-
ST. LOUIS. July 20.— Boston batted Harper •
out of the box and had little mercy on Sud- ¦
hoff. Charley Nichols was ia. rara form. - Alt "
of the hits made off him wer» batted af- *
ter two men were out. Attendance, 8000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
st. ixjuia -.:... a t »
Boston ...................10 1* "0
Batteries— Harper. Sudhof?, Ryaa and Hei
don; Nichols and Klttredge.
PITTSBtTRG. July 20.— Pittsburs eam« ont of
her recent torpid state and llter»ny swamped
Brooklyn. with hits and runs. Newton retired
In the fifth, on ten hits and seven runs being
made. Pittsburg fielded . faultlessly. Attend
ance, 580O. Score: . ,., .„ . • »
Clubs— . - . . R. H.'. B.
Pittsburg ....' —. I* -1| 0
Brooklyn • 2 8 5
Batteries— Phllllppl and Zlmmer; Newton,
Cardy and McGulre.
CHICAGO. July 29.— Chicago won th» fourth
straight game from New York to-day la tha
second inning. Attendance. 410&. Score:
Cluba— R. H. J5.
Chicago ~- I J J
New York • - 2 8 1
Batteries— Waddell and Kahoe; Pisylla and
"Warner. Umpire— Cunningham.
The_Lady was out in front to stay as
long as she could, and Dominick evidently
was determined not to lose his advantage
ous position next to her. ! .Accordingly the
pace was fast all the way. As the field
turned down the back stretch, Woods cut
loose with Advance Guard and the great
chestnut moved up from the rear with a
grand burst of speed. He was compara
tively close to tha rail, but he managed to
get through and pass the trailers and was
close to the leaders when the far turn waa
reached. As the field swung around the
far turn The Lady was still leading, with
Robert Waddell second. In a close bunch
behind was George Arnold, Vesuvian.
Pink Coat, who was running with great
powerful strides, and The Conqueror IL
As the field turned into the stretch Con
queror shot to the front and he was In
the lead by the time the field was well
straightened away for home. Th© Lady
dropped back, beaten. From, out of. the
struggling bunch behind tha tall form of
Pink Coat came with mighty lungea, gain
ing at every stride. Pink Coat moved sure
ly into the lead and Dupee was able to
take him slightly in hand and look over
his shoulder to see what tha others were
doing. Pink Coat won by a good half
length. Summary;
Flr«t race, five furlongs— Ed Austin won.
South Trimble second. J. V. KIrby third. Tune,
1-03 3-5. :
Second race, six furlongs— Burnle Duntoa
won, Canmor© second, Henry Bart third. Time.
1:13 3-5.
Third race; the Lakeview handicap, »lx fur
longs, 12000 added — Rosewar won, Memnon sec
ond. Flora Pomona third. Time, 1:11 3-*.
Fourth race, the "Wheeler handicap, one and
a quarter miles, $7500 added— Pink Coat. IIS
(Dupee), 8 to 1. won: Advance Guard. 12$ (J.
"Wood) 6 to 1, second: The Conqueror, 107. (T.
Knight). 10 to 1. third. Time. 2:04 1-5. Termi
nus Robert "Waddell, Star Chamber. Vesruvlan.
The Lady, John Bright,. Lady Elite, George
Arnold and The Unknown also ran.
Fifth race, six furlongs and 55 yards— Mon
tanlc -won. Vulcaln second. Llvldla. third.
Time, 1:15 4-5. ¦• i
Sixth race, one and a half miles— Alaska won.
Frangible second. Knight Banneret third.
Time. 2:34 3-5.
CHICAGO. July 20.— Pink Coat took tha
lead at the last furlong post in to-day's
Wheeler handicap and, holding 1 bis ad
vantage to the end, finished a handy win
ner by half a . length from, the heavily
weighted Advance Guard. The Conqueror
II wa3 a close third, being a neck behind
the second horse. The attendance at
"Washington Park was 15,000.
Twelve horses went to the poet. Five to
one was offered against any horse in* the
race at almost all times in the betting.
John Bright finally settled down as the
slight favorite. The Lady waa taken to
the front, closely followed by Robert
Waddell, those two being near the inside
rail. Pink Coat and John Bright were tha
last to leave the post.
Fifteen Thousand People Wit
ness Washington Park
Events.
Advance Guard Is Sec
ond in the Wheeler
Handicap.
PINK COAT WINS
A PRETTY RACE
WILL BEHOLD MYSTERIES
AT NIGHT IN A FOREST
Woodmen of the World Prepare to Initiate 1 500 Strangers
at One Time Beneath Trees at Fernbrook, and It Is Ex
pected That .'2000 "Neighbors" Will' Witness Ceremony
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, STXNDAy, JULY 21 V 1901.
BOSTON, July. 20.— Bobby Walthour won^
the fifteen-mile motor-paced race at Com
bination Park; Medford, : to-day, hia time
being 27:15 1-5; Stinson was second,
28:59 4-5, and Moran third, 1 29:17 2-6. - ~< -
"Walthour .Victorious, at Medf ord.
Elks to Play Ball.
MAGNOLIA, Mass., July 2O.-The final
ma.tches In the doubles of the tennis tour
nament were played to-day and were won
by Childs and McKittrick. As the pres
ent champions, Ward and Davis, were un
able to defend their .titles, the winners
to-day, will be the State champions in
doubles for the coming: year. Although
Parret *was easily the best player of the
four, the team work of Childs and Mc-
Kittrick was much better and told in the
end. The score of the match is as fol
lows: Final match, doubles— C. L. Childs
and-R. McKittrick beat J. P. Parret and
R. Hickok. 8-6, 6-1, 6-1.
OAKLAND, July 2O.-The Oakland Elks
baseball team, champions of California,
will meet the Santa Rosa Elks at the
Golden Gate baseball grounds at 12:30 to
morrow afternoon. This is bound to be
an exciting game, for Oakland went to
Santa Rosa a few weeks ago and returned
with the scalps of the Santa Rosa team.
Now the Santa Rosa boys , have come to
Oakland with a determination to get even.
Tennis Tourney at Magnolia.
CHICAGO, "July 20.— The Milwaukee, of
Milwaukee, won the first of the trial races
sailed to-day to determine what boat
shall be the defender of the Canada cup.
The Cadillac, of Detroit, was second, two
minutes and thirty-three seconds behind
the Milwaukee. Nine boats sailed ¦ the
course, the Milwaukee and Orion of Mil
waukee, "the Detroit and Cadillac of De
troit, the Minota, Illinois. Briar, Yankee
and Prairie of Chicago. 'The wind did not
blow fresh at any time. It came from the
southwest. The course of twenty-one
miles -was laid out with the first leg- a
long run before the wind, east-northeast;
the second was a short reach, and the last
a Ions run home, the course being north
west by west. •
Canada Cup Trial Races.
son's Golden Russet beat C. A.' Bonar's Wild
Norah, 5-0; T. J. Mclnerney's Annie Hall beat
S. Henderson's Trade Dollar*, 5-0; P. M. Clark
son's Golden Garter beat A. R. Curtis' Blue
Ribbon. 7-3; Pasha Kennels' For Freedom beat
L. F. Bartels' Banner Bright, 5-4; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Sir Pasha beat G, Walters' The Chief,
8-0; Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening beat E.
M. Keliogsr's Modest Lad, 14-2; Pasha Kennels'.
Ben Kirby beat Star Kennels' Pickpocket, 5-0;
George Shannan's St. Ives beat Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Archer, 11-5; E. M. Kellogg's Sweet
Emma beat A. Vanderwhite's Lear King, 4-0;
J. R. McCarthy's John Doe beat L. F. Bartels'
Best Bargain, 6-2; Star Kennels' Master Law
rence beat T: Tierney's Tea Rose, 6-2; P. Jack
son's Honor Bright beat P. M. Curtis' McKih
ley, 4-0; Chiarini Bros.' White .Hat beat .F.
B. Gerber's Mount Ida. 17-7; J. Markland's
The Grafter beat A. R. Curtis' Candelarla, 6-4;
E. Geary's America beat O. Zahl's Miss Wll
son. 10-5; E. Geary's Palo Alto beat F. Jones'
Wedge wood. 6-0; Star Kennels' Fontenoy heat
A. Vanderwhite's Montana Belle, 5-0: E.
Geary's Ireland beat Aeneid Kennels' Athena,
6-1; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha, beat J. Demp
sey's Jingle Bells, 12-3; Aeneid Kennels'
Achilles beat D. Toland's Pleasant Girl, 6-3;
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire beat Russell & Al
len's Talk to Me, 6-0; P. M. Curtis' Anchor
beat Russell & Allen's Castaway, 10-5; P. J.
Nolte's Silver Lyon beat T. J. Mclnerney's
Johnnie R. 6-3; D. J. Healey's Lady Clare beat
F. A. McComb's Bona Fide, 11-9; P. M. Curtis'
Warpath beat A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad, '5-4;
Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat P. - J. Horgan's
Harper. 6-0; E. M. Kellogrg's Frisco Lad beat
T. J. Mclnerney's Rosie R, 24-4; Chiarini Bros.'
Bona Magnifica beat J. D. Cardinell's Jesiby,
5-3; P. J. Reilly's Honesty beat- Pasha Ken
nels' Roman Athlete. 4-3; F. A.- McComb's
Motto beat W. N. Hoag's Cecil M, 8-0; II.
Lynch' s Lilac beat George Sharman's Bowery
Boy, 4-1; Yosemite Kennels' Mose beat J.
Period's Faraway, 9-2; Aeneid Kennels' Aga
memnon bsat Russell & Allen's Spiteful, 6-2;
George Sharman's Chicago Boy beat J. D.
Cardenell's Union Jack, 7-1; J. Smith's Boney
Boy beat Thomas Maher's Bad Boy. 3-1; P.
Doyle's Liberator beat F. S. Price's Brutus,
4-0: J. Dowling's Sir Lawrence beat Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne, 8-4; 'Captain Clarkson'a
Flower of Gold beat T. J. Cronins Parlor
Maid, 6-0; Chiarini Bros.' Dewdrop beat A.
R. Curtis' Vulcan. 19-16; Russell & Allen's
First Foot beat F. Cox's Crockett Hill. 7-3;
George Sharman's Black Flush beat P. J.
Reilly's Plough boy, 7-5.
Open etakfe, first round— J. Cane's Gre«nhall
beat P. P/?lHy'6 Lady GrananJ. 5-2; T. J.
Mclncrney's Norah beat E. M. Kellogg's Mod
est Girl S-3; F. A. McComb's ¦ Little Sister
beat C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud. 5-0; C. O.
Pefrson's Haphazard beat \V. "W. McGill'a
Lucky Baldwin, 24-6; J. Moriarity'e Snapper
Garrison beat W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells,
8-4- F. A. McComb's Hot Haste beat Pasha
Kennels' Real Article, 4-2 ; Chiarini Bros.' Wild
Eclipse beat F. Rosenberg's Mataoka. 10-2; J.
Moriarity'a Kittleman beat P. M. Curtis' Ya
prant. 10-7; T. J. Cronin's Vandal beat F. A.
McComb's Patriot. 6-3: P. M. Curtis' Shadow
beat Pasha. Kennels' Master Rocket, 4-1; 1*.
Jones' Harlean Gladys beat D. J. Healy's
Taoioca 8-0- P. M. Curtis' Narcissus beat A.
R." Curtis' King Cotton. 11-7; J. -P. Thrift's
Tyrone Pcince beat . Star Kennels' Herschel's
Pride 4-0: Star Kennels' Game Boy beat P. J.
Retlly's Koya! Union. 5-0; J. Smith's Matter
Workman beat Pasha Kennels' Rich Argosy,
14-1; Russell & Allen's Strayaway beat E. N.
Whiteside's Greenback, 6-4: A- Vandenberg's
Xeughty Girl beat P. Reilly's Cascade, 9-7;
F A. McComb's Warship beat D. J. Healey's
Siequoc, 4-1; Star Kennels' Mayflower beat.
Aeneid Kennels' Argus, 3-0; P. M. Curtis' War
Karri e beat Paeha Kennels' Royal Alliance, 9-6;
P M. Curtis' Echo beat A. Vanderwhlte's Cop
per King 3-1; T. J. Cronin's Thornhill beat
P. Doyle's Thelma, 4-3; O. Zahl'e Homer Boy
beat Pasha Kennels' Snapshot, 8-1; P. Jack-
Little Sister is held at «. Harlean
Gladys at 10, Warship and Homer Boy
at 12. " Dewdrop was a 7 to 1 chance for
the stake before he won his course from
vulcan, but the long going that he had
In getting the decision will change his
price. For a good outside chance Libera
tor figures well. He is in an easy posi
ticn on the card and has nothing to meet
until near the end.
Winners in the second round look to be
Norah. Little Sister, Hot Haste, Kittle
man, Vandal, Harlean Gladys, Tyrone
Prince, Strayaway, Warship, Echo, War
Eagle. Homer Boy, Annie Hall, Sir
Pasha, Modest Lad, St. Ives. John Doe,
Honor Bright, America, Palo Alto, Ire
land. Anchor, Fine Fire. Lady Clare,
Rocker, Honesty, Lilac, Agamemnon,
Chicago Boy, Liberator, Dewdrop and
Black Flush. ¦
Following ere the day s results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
It is the old story with fast Palo Alto.
Backed down from 4 to 2 to 1 he holds
first place among the favorites for the
stake. Some little play was made on
Wedgewood to beat him, but from the
time the dogs left the slips until the
wUit<! flag -went up Geary's speedy
courser took the lead, keeping Wedge
wood from scoring and making him look
somewhat like a. selling plater.
In the rundown of the open stake at
Union Park yesterday the dogs on the
long end in the betting had things much
their own way. In all there were but ten
¦upsets recorded, though three at 5 to 1
and as many at 3 to 1, helped to make it
unpleasant for choice players.
-Sisquoc made his reappearance after
an enforced layoff; He was slipped with
Warship and the wise ones placed their
faith in his ability to take the flag to the
extent of giving 5 to 1 that he could out
do his opponent. After an undecided Sis
quoc was led to the hare and failed to
keep Btep with Warship. When the flag
went up he was on the short end of a
4 to C score, the single point given him
being hardly earned at that. Achilles, at
6 to 1 against him. got the decision from
Pleasant Girl and Boney Boy at the same
oqqs beat Bad Boy, who shirked his work
and by allowing the kill to go to his op
ponent lost the course. The 3 to 1 shots
¦were: Liberator beat Brutus; Honesty
beat Roman Athlete, and Silver Lyon
beat Johnnie R.
Coursing Prophets Make
Geary's Dog Their
Choice.
PICK PALD ALTO
FOR THE STAKE
SAN RAFAEL. July 20.— In one of
the most exciting finishes that
has ever concluded a. paper chase
of the San Rafael Hunt Club,
Frank Glass won the prize for
gentlemen and Miss Annette Bradshaw
that for ladies to-day. The honors of the ;
chase belong to Miss Bradshaw, who
probably would have beaten all competi
tors had not her filly bolted when the
race Jn the straightaway for the finish
Sags 'was on. At that she passed the
flags close to the leader, and her magniri
cent riding won the congratulations of all
observers of the chase.
The riders and their friends gathered in
the grounds of the Hotel Rafael at 3
o'clock, and preparations for the start
were made. Louis Hughes, with two
enormous bags of paper suspended over
his shoulders, dashed away in the capac
ity of "hare" and twenty minutes later
the hotel's dinner gong summoned the
"hounds" to the scratch. Then the voice
of Ward McAllister was heard:
"Gentlemen, are you ready?" Then, as
the riders bunched on the driveway:
"Away, and may the best man win." •
And out the riders sped, full twenty of
them, across Petaluma avenue, following
the line of Vjoss papers" left by Hughes.
The course lay to the west, over the Lu
cas ranch, along ridges and through quiet
valleys for about eleven miles. The finish
came on the meadow of the ranch of A.
P. Hotaling, ¦where two flags were
planted. .
After the paper chasers left, all of the
guests and sightseers drove out to the
Hotalingr ranch-. It •was a hot, dusty drive.
Ward McAllister, as master of ceremonies,
headed the procession and maintained
order. Arriving at the grounds the flags
were duly planted and everybody waited.
Soon the Hunt Club riders came into view
on the distant ridge. . «r <
Then the excitement began. It was a
beautiful sight. In the steep descent Miss
Bradshawtook the lead. Urging her mount
to reckless speed down the slippery hill,
her daring ride gave her a 200-yard lead of
the'entire party. This advantage she lost,
however, on reaching the level,: as her
thoroughbred filly bolted from the paper
strewn trail and the others thundered on
past her. As the riders came to the lin<i
between the flags, Miss Bradshaw dashed
In with the leaders. "After crossing the
line her filly collided with the horse i ld- 
den by Graham Babcock. and the young
lady was thrown across Babcock's horse,
with her foot caught in her. own stirrup.
Mr. Babcock caught her," as did Judge
Martinelli, who ran to her assistance. It
was a miraculous escape. • - Mrs.-- Farns
worth, who rode with Miss Bradshaw,
came in first, but passed outside of tho
flags, not haying entered the chase.
The" flrstTfpur- to finish- •were: -^ Frank
Glass, Grahlsn Babcock,: Miss Bradshaw
and Miss Jeuries.
SIDELIGHTS OX THE SAN RAFAEL. HUNT CLUB'S PAPERCHASE, SHOWING THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES
AND SEVERAL OF THE CROSS-COUNTRY RIDERS IN THEIR SPECIALTY STUNTS BEFORE AND DURINU
THE PURSUIT OF THE WARY "HARE." ¦ " : * /
Miss Annette Bradshaw Cleverly Carries Off the Honors for Ladies
in the San Rafael Hunt Club's Run and -Barely Escapes
Serious Injury • in an Accident When at the Finish Flags
CR0SS=C0UNTRY PAPER CHASE
HAS A SENSATIONAL ENDING
24
MEN H Hi
*' ' y^ w y. W~^^ j T^k e have made our reputation by
£ HI \Jp U ><i i li curing the most aggravated and
V^J R J jf^ I j LJ'* chronic cases of lost vitality, vari-
*""^ • cocele, special diseases, blood poi-
... son, rupture, kidney, and bladder
'¦*¦"• • ¦ ' • : ' ' - troubles; etc.
mr^^^ aam ' mm^ aam '^^ mm^ m ' mm if we could not cure these ail-
.1 ments quickly and permanently .we could not aflEord to wait for
pay until our patients are well.
Any one doubting our ability and wishing to test
our methods, remedies and appliances may deposit the
pr;ce of a cure in^any bank in San Francisco: If a
cure is not effected in a reasonable time the bank wih
return ihe money.
Payments may be made in monthly installments if preferred.
We have been established 20 years. All members of our
"i staff are specialists— physicians who have spent many years in i
curing diseases and weaknesses of men. Our institution 13 the
• ¦ -¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦'•¦ - - ¦• - ¦•- - largest and best equipped and our-
mm *¦" "^™ m^ mm mmm^^^~ mm^~ m % practice the most extensive in
PAY WHFN WFT I, We never use anything of a dan-
liil MllLflV JTLfi/L/ gcrous natur e, such as electric
mm^ m^ K^^ mm an bhb m m/^BKMm m ts ,> mercury or other injurious
medicines.
We do not charge cur patients for medicines or
appliances. Other doctors charge an additional fee
for medicines, eic, or send their patients to high-
> priced drug stores. Ail our remedies are prepared in
our own private laboratory.
Our home-cure system is marvelously successful. If you
cannot visit San Francisco write u*s in confidence and we will
I send you, sealed, by mail, a booklet which contains a treatise on
all diseases and weakness of men, and a great deal of other val-
uable information of a private nature for men, old or younsr, sick
or well," married or single. Consultation and advice free at office
or by mail. Cures sent safely by mail or express.
jgilllit^w DR. MEYERS & CO.
:"¦'.', . - BSjlii^ TjSf 1 Elevator Entrance. Hours— Dally, S
; «? to 5; Evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to 11.
pp tR J 731 Market St., S. F.INCIDENTS IN THE OUTDOOR LIFE OF THE LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS IN CAMP POWER, AS SEEN THROUGH THE LENSES OF
THE PHOTOGRAPHER'S CAMERA.
will spend their honeymoon. Their future
home will be in this city. .
time, as on Tuesday last, and the vast
audience was seated comfortably by 8:30
o'clock, when the concert began.
EPWORTH CHILDREN
HOLD A CONTEBEN"CE
At a meeting of the junior conference of
the. league, held' yesterday morning at 9
o'clock in the Howard-street Methodist
Church, methods of inducing the cnildren
to enter The Methodist church and to un
dertake the work of the league were dis
cussed. One feature of the meeting was
the first appearance of the women of the
league on the platform. The Rev. T. Al
bert Mooie of Ontario, Canada, directed
the conference. J. C. Hill and Mrs. Fan
nie E. Poorman of Sacramento. Oal., led
the scng service, while Mrs. Annie Hobbs
Woodcock of Aurora. Neb., treated the
subject of "Devotional Meetings." In ac
cordance with her ideas revival meetings
should be held for the children as well as
for their elders.
"A Reading Course for Juniors" was the
subject of an interesting address by Mrs.
Annie E. Smiley of Lowell. Mass. She
stated that children should be permitted
to use" none but the very best of litera
ture.
The scesion was concluded sby a round
table conference, led by the Rev. S. T.
Bartlett of Ontario, Carada, 'during which
all the leaders present related interesting
incidents in their experience.
Ho Tow Makes Beply.
Chinese Consul General Ho Tow yester
day addressed a communication to the Ep
worth League convention in reply to an
official address to that body by the San
Francisco. Labor Council a few days ago,
in which the Chinese were 1 declared to be
a menace to American industries and re
questing the convention to urge the re-en
actment of the Chinese exclusion law. The
Chinese Consul denies that the Chinese
laborer is more flit by than those of a cor
responding class of any other nationality.
WELL-KNOWN TOXJNG COU
PLE OF THIS CITT WHO
WERE WEDDED YESTERDAY.
MISS CLARA BYINGTON and
Frederick. O. Boeckmann were
married yesterday afternoon at
3 o'clock at the residence of
the bride's mother, Mrs. Cathe
rine Byington, 1412 Post street. .Only, the
immediate relatives of the contract
ing parties were present when Father
Bamm pronounced the solemn words that
made- them one. Although the invitations
to the ceremony were, limited elaborate
arrangements were maoe for the wedding.
The home* was beautifully decorated with
rare blossoms, and In the drawing-room,
where the ceromony ws?s performed, pink
and white floweis were used exclusively.
The bride wore an exquisite gown 01
cream white satin. The skirt was made
en train i.nd the corsage waa Uimrced
with rare old lace. Thf; veil was fastened
to the coiffure- with a spray of orange
The bride, who is the sister of district
Attorney Louis Byington and si&ter-in
law of Attorney General Ford,' is a beau
tiful blonde, charming and accomplished,
excelling especially as a. pianist. Mr.
Boeekmarn is connected with the Union
Straw Works and Is very popular. ;
Mr and Mrs. Boeckmann left yesterday
afternoon for Lake Tahoe, where they
FRUITFUL -SESSIONS OF LEAGUERS.
Continued From Page .Fourteen.
SANTA CRUZ, July 20.— St. Andrew's
Episcopal Church was dedicated in Ben
Lomond to-day by Bishop Xichols.
remembrance and congratulate 'them on suc
cess of encampment. E. J. POWER.
Lieutenant Colonel McGloin has en
deared himself to the entire regiment by
his kind treatment of the cadets during
their stay in Napa, He has been lenient
and Just and has done everything in his
power for the comfort of the cadets. v
Notes of the Camp.
Residents of Napa., were startled at an early
hour this morning by hearing a band playing
lively music. The sound of brass instruments
in the early hours made it impossible for peo
ple to sleep in camp or elsewhere. It appears
that the band, under the leadership of Austin
Morris, stole out of camp with Its instruments
and took up a position in the vicinity of the
graveyard and then played "A Hot Old Time"
and similar music. A provost guard was sent
out for the musicians, but the latter were too
wary. They retreated to another spot and
again rendered sweet music. The happy musi
cians continued playing on every side of camp
for an hour. When captured by the guard
they were taken to the guardhouse.
Captain Frank McCarthy of Company D re
turned to camp this morning. His entire com
pany met him at the depot and escorted him.
Jack Donohue, regimental inspector, and
Xash Dwyer, formerly captain of Company D,
have been in camp for the past three days.
Musician Rellly ate at a downtown rotis
serie a few nights back and soup was served
to him en tasse. Reilly believed it was tea
and proceeded to administer milk and sugar.
When he discovered his error he was wroth.
Colonel McGloin was the victim of a Joke
to-day. McGloin returned from a - trip down
town and found a cow contentedly munching
straw in his tepee. The cow had the colonel's
leggings on her front feet and his hat rested
Jauntily on the animal's horns. A few other
decorations were add?d that gave the cow
an aoDearance that was startling in the ex
treme.
Sergeant -Walter O'Connor keeps his tent
mates awake nights by the interesting mono
logue he carries on In his sleep. The sergeant
tells all his troubles and as he sleeps soundly
the boys can't sympathize with him.
. "The Rough House Owls" Is an exclusive or
ganization. It is composed of Sergeant Koch,
Privates Ed Marden, Arthur Wicks and Al
Marden.
A.- R. Fouratt of Company A was captured
by a band of Indians led by Chief Doling:.
Fouratt was tied to a stake and . after being
properly blackened was left there to be gazed
at by visitors in camp.
Dr. Glannini arrived In camp this morning
and in company with Dr. Morrlsey proceeded
to add more pains to the unfortunate cadets
who were compelled to seek their aid.
Captain James Toohey of Company G was
officer of the dajfc-and Lieutenant Johnson was
officer of the guard. •
Company D is the largest In camp. " There
are forty-eight members here. Last night all
but three spent the night in the guardhouse.
The trio were on guard, otherwise they would
have been among those "Jugged.",
Captain Frank Fontaine, an executive offi
cer of the regiment and Company CKs advisor
in matters. military, arrived in camp to-day.
"The Sons of Rest" occupy stately apart
ments in Paulist avenue. P. Merle, G. Henno,
E. McKebitt and Bob Power are members of
the society. They shirk guard duty and allow
others to do their work, as the rules of their
organization do not permit them to labor.
"The Sleepy Pour" are Bob Sullivan, Bob
McCarry and E. Farrell. They are members of
Company M. Whenever one of the trio, sleeps
in the daytime another member guards him,
so that enemies will' not use blacking for
decorative purposes.
The asylum baseball team defeated Com
pany D to-day by a score of 12 to 6. ,
Messrs. Thompson. Beard & Co. presented
the regiment with a handsome flag to com
memorate the encampment.
cousin, the late Adolph Sutro, he left
this city for Victoria and Westminster. At
the latter place the cousins made large in
vestments in land. They returned to San
Francisco the same year, and Charles
Sutro once more engaged in the exchange
and banking business. He had been bred
to it and understood It thoroughly. He at
once attracted a large clientele, and in
a cosmopolitan city such as this is his
mastery of languages stood him in good
stead.
Charles Sutro. although of foreign birth,
was a patriot and at the beginning of the
Civil War headed the subscription list for
the first national loan. His brother Al
bert joined him In business in 1S65, and
later on two other brothers, Gustave and
Emil, since deceased. The 'firm then be
came Sutro & Co. ; They were the largest
dealers in bonds on the Pacific Coast and
were quoted as the authority on that class
of securities.
After the death of his two brothers
Charles Sutro retired. In a few "years the
banking and exchange business In his
family will have reached Its one hundredth
year. He was a man of the most strict
honor and integrity. His charity was un
bounded, but not ostentatious. He lived
the life of a good citizen — the _ life of a
man who gave strength and character to
the community In which he dwelt.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. CAMP
POWER. NAPA, July 20.— The
last night in camp -will be a mem
orable one in the annals of the
First Regiment, League of the
Cross Cadets. Never before was
there such goodVnatured, rollicking sport.
Every member of the organization en
camped here believed it was his duty to
add to the merriment. The band marched
through camp, playing outlandish music.
Every company street had its entertain
ment and the hundreds of visitors were
treated to novel amusements. Companies
vied with one another in decorating "their
tents and streets. Chinese lanterns, bunt
ing, flags and gaudy colors were used and
the effect was striking.
No one attempted to sleep. Throughout
the night discordant sounds and revelry
kept every cadet awake. The camp
I guards had a busy time quelling the
noise, but their efforts were useless. The
guardhouse was filled to overflowing, but
this did not stop the fun.
Early in the evening an entertainment
was given at headquarters. Major Duffey
had charge of the programme. Refresh
ments were served to the guests of the
officers. Lieutenant John O'Brien ren
dered a tenor solo, Dave Torres per
formed on the banjo; Armand Putz, the
leader of the band, played a cornet solo;
Wiliard Slcane sang some sweet melodies,
as did George F. Keane, and camp come
1 dians told of experiences of the week.
I Short speeches were made by Colonel Mc-
Gloln, Father O'Ryan and other s.,
Andy Z. Gaughran succeeded in captur
ing Camp Power, despite the resistance
of Major Duffey's command. While the
! sham battle was not as exciting as, the
one on Wednesday, it was extremely in
teresting. The -defenders of the camp
used the cannon and buckets of water to
beat back the besiegers. During a hot
battle around the flagpole, Gaughran and
a portion of his command rushed through
the gate and claimed possession of the
camp. . '
; To-morrow at 3 o'clock the regiment
will leave by special train and it will ar
rive in San Francisco at 6:30 p. m. . It is
expected that hundreds of persons- will
come to Napa on excursion trains to ge,t
a view of the encampment before It
passes into history. The ceremony of
breaking camp will be watched with deep
interest by the visitors. The cadets will
prepare .for departure during the morning
hours. At 2 o'clock the bugler on duty
at headquarters will blow the "general."
At a signal from the gun the cadets will
drop their tents. This* is an extremely
pretty sight. The tents are dropped to
ward headquarters and -within a few mo
ments the field is covered by hundreds of
cadets, who strive to beat one another
tving up the canvas homes.
To-morrow morning the regiment will
attend military mass at St. John's
Church. Rev. Father- O'Ryan will be
chaplain. Rev. Father Slattery, pastor
of the church, Ib highly pleased with the
conduct of the regiment and he probably
will express his gratification. •
The following dispatch was received to
day by Lieutenant Colonel. McGloin from
Colonel Power:
I sincerely thank officers and men for kind
STOBY-OF THE LIFE
OF A GREAT BANKE3
Charles Sutro, who died in this city on
Friday, was born at Alx-la-Chapelle, on
January 27, 1828. He received his educa
tion in that city, being a most studious
youth, and at 16 years of ago spoke Ger
man, French, English, Spanish and Dutch.
He entered the banking house of his
father at Alx^la-Chapelle in the early
part of the last century, subsequently
visiting the principal financial centers of
Europe and remaining- for a long season at
Frankfort-on-Maln, in those . days the
great financial center of the world. Con
ceiving, at that time, a desire to see the
New World, he came to America with his
brother Albert. After visiting most of the
States, he concluded ' to see California
also and reached San Francisco in the
summer of 1852. He became manager of
a leading mercantile establishment of the
time shortly after arriving here and also
engaged in private banking and in several
successful business .operations at the
mines.
He accumulated considerable wealth t»y
these means, and at the time of the Fra
zer River excitement, In company with his
THOUSANDS ATTEND W.
' CONCEBT AT PAVILION
Frogramme Rendered, in Presence of
Largest Audience Ever Gathered
; : in City.
The second ,<?rand concert of the conven
tion took place last night at the Pavilion
before as large and friendly an audience
as on the first occasion. Every seat was
filled, and the concert In many important
respects was an even greater success
than on its first giving. The Tuesday pro
gramme was repeated, with some changes
in the solo numbers, but the choice of
Saturday night for the concert was rather
unfortunate in Its effect on the chorus,
which was very considerably smaller tnan
at the first concert. What was lost in
volume was perhaps gained in accuracy,
however the ensemble being distinctly
better than it was with the larger chorus,
though this was largely, owing to the
really phenomenal work of W. B. King at
the organ, by which the imperfections or
the instrument as it is now placed were
quite obviated. Chcir and organ were ex
actly together, and tbe choruses went
with a noble swine: and air. VV. F. Skeele
nlaved the prelude and finale from Con
cert Piece in O" (Guilmant) and "Vaiia
tlons on a Scotch Air," of Dudley Buck s,
in addition to nis numbers of 1 uesday,
and was heartily applauded. The Park
sisters cornetists, received their usual
ovation, and Miss Anna Park, substituting
for the Juanlta Club, played "Columbia,^
by Hartman, and "Bonnie Sweet Bessie
as a cornet solo, Miss Katibel Parks ac
companying her on the piano. |
Captain . WiLtman managed the crowd
admirably. There was no jam at any
A general tie-up of the wholesale and
retail trade of this city may develop to
morrow, unless the Draymen's Associa
tion and the Brotherhood of Teamsters
come to some agreement. Efforts toward
the accomplishment of such a result will
be attempted to-day, but the prospect of
an agreement Is not very bright. -
When the announcement was made that
the Morton Special Delivery Company had
been boycotted by the San Francisco La
bor Council, and that its affiliated' branch,
the Morton Drayage and Warehouse Com
pany, was incidentally concerned in the
matter, the Draymen's Association noti
fied the men employed by Its members
that they would be expected to live up
to the agreement made some six months
ago.
At that time a schedule of wages was
adopted and hours of labor fixed. These
remained in force until the influx of
Eastern visitors with a myriad of pack
ages, valises and trunks. The climax
came when members of the Brother
hood of Teamsters refused to , han
dle any baggage consigned to the
boycotted firm or those who ' were
assisting it. The details of the contro
versy were difficult of adjustment;
Extraneous matter cropped up during
the controversy, and the Draymen's As
sociation determined to end the matter in
the shortest time possible.
As the men left or returned to the barns
yesterday they were notified that unless
they complied -with the agreement made
at that time they must Quit their jobs.
About 1000 men were reached during the
day, and the balance, approximately 500,
will be notified as soon as possible.
Secretary George Renner of the Dray
men's Association said last night: .
Fight to the Finish.
"We have notified about 1000 employes
of the various firms that are included in
the agreement we made some time ago
that they must obey our instructions or
quit our employ. We gave the teamsters
all they asked for, and intend to see that
they get it. But we do not propose to be
dictated to by any body of men. We in
tend to stand firm, and if these people are
carried away by a single idea we propose
to discipline them. The employer must
run his business and not be subject to
anybody's whims or inclinations. ' Our
light is a fight to the finish."
As a result of this determined stand
matters are in a chaotic state. Under the
resolution declaring a boycott against the
Morton Special Delivery Company a large
number of union men employed in. whole
sale and retail establishments will have
to refuse to deliver any goods that may
be consigned to the company for delivery.
A large number of unions, directly and
indirectly connected with the delivery
business, are involved. Just what the out
come may be will depend upon the con
ferences to be held to-day. If the- Broth
erhood of Teamsters insists on its boy
cott it may result in serious consequences
to the city. Tljese questions were discussed
at a meeting of the Brotherhood of Team
sters held last night at 672 Fourth street,
but as no conclusion was reached at,mid
night, it was determined to hold a meet
ing An a larger hall, some time to-day.
So grave did the situation appear yes
terday afternoon that Chief of Police Sul
livan was called into conference. He said
that he would provide all the men he
possibly could, but would be compelled to
ask for additional assistance. He pro
posed to go before the Board of Supervi
sors to-morrow and ask for authority to
employ additional men. to be sworn in
either as regular or special officers, to
prevent any possible disturbance which
the members of. the Draymen's Associa
tion seem to fear.
Sympathetic Strike Expected.
A sympathetic strike of the , porters,
packers and warehousemen, men employ
ed alongshore and others who3e duties
bring them in contact with the teamsters
and draymen is expected. Efforts are be
ing made on the part of the employers,
composing the greater portion of the
wholesale and retail districts, to avert
any extended tie-up of business.
The Brotherhood of Teamsters last
night issued the following statement:
We desire to place ourselves in a right light
before the public, as -we arc not on a strike,
nor do we intend to so , on strike. But we
are locked out by the Draymen's Association,
under the orders of the Manufacturers' and
Employers' Association. We allow men driv
ing for firms ownlne- their own teams -to
work as long as they do not interfere in out
gide hauling-. We intend to hold a special
meeting this morning at the Turk-street Tem
ple to discuss the situation* and instruct the
drivers as to what course to pursue.
According to Manager Vining of the
Market Street Railway system full infor
mation of. the actions of the men em
ployed by the company regarding the for
mation of a union was conveyed to head
quarters some time ago. He confirms trie
statement that the men who were dis
charged were leaders^ in a movement ' to
unionize the system, and while admitting
that the number of men named in The
Call were discharged, would not admit
that it was because of their desire to form
a union. He was not disposed to discuss
the situation. • -
The Car Employes' Union has sent an
ultimatum to the managers of the road
which takes the . form of the usual de
mand for Increased pay and ¦ shorter
hours. Two weeks was given the com
pany for compliance with the demands.
This time will expire within a few days.
In the meanwhile some of its trusted
secret service employes have been called
to the city and are now enjoying rides to
the scenic points of the city with a view
of determining juat what the situation
may be. Some of these men may, oe
called upon to see that, In the event of a
strike, the mail cars go through on time.
"Union. Labor Party.
The following address has been issued
by the executive committee of the Union
Labor party:.- • - '
The executive' committee of the Union Labor
party desires to inform the voters of organized
labor that they are not , actuated by any in
structions received or given by the Saif Fran
cisco Labor Council, or yet is the San Fran
cisco Labor Council responsible for the calling
together of members of organized labor for the
purpose of calling a convention for the nom
ination of . a full and complete municipal
ticket to be voted for at the next coming elec
tion in November. E Such action as Is now be
ing j taken by members of organized labor is
actuated by principles they believe: to be only
fair, equitable and just to all organized labor.
That in the past they have rendered valuable
assistance to the. two great parties in the cast
ins of their ballots; for their .; candidates, and
as a mark of gratitude in this their great hour
of trial when labor naturally expected a, sym
pathetic word from their public servants they
find that their, appeals and supplications were
only met ' Tilth scoffs and rebuffs. In view of
the f oreKoffi* j the . executive committee of - the
Union Labor party believes' it is the duty of
every man whether skilled or unskilled who
are mtmbers of any labor union, or any^work
ingmen who are n_ot affiliated with any union
for the preservation ' of themselves • and fam
ilies, : to ursre their friends and . fellow ; work
men to enter. in earnest-into the movement for
the purpose of | holding, a convention, and on
the ! day of the : general . election march • up ' In
bo113 phalanx and elect the ticket of the peo
ple, so that the shackleB thatjiave bound them
in ««» past will be unfettered aHd that > they
can 'all assume the godlike attitude :' of, free-
FAIR'S THUST
CLAUSE FALLS
Court Orders Personalty
Distributed to the
Children.
»
Two Millions Withheld Pend
ing Hearing of Mrs.
Craven's Claim.
failed."
James <3. Fair's last expression of his
desire that the bulk or" his fortune should
pass to the children of. his children has
been blotted out of his will by Judge
James M. Troutt. The last testament of
the dead millionaire now stands on the
records of the court useless in Its intended
purpose, sircply conveying to the world
the wishes of James G. Fair, which
would, have been honored had it not befen
for law. /¦
A few weeks ago the Supreme Court
adjudged the trust clause in the will of
the deceased Invalid so far as the realty
was concerned, holding that as the fee
to Fair's property was cast In the trus
tees to transfer and convey to certain
¦»f tis kindred, such a trust being unau
thorized by the statute, the same must
fall, la the same decision the Supreme
Court declared that the Invalid trust to
convey carried with it the otherwise valid
trust for the lives of the testator's chil
dren, and that "therefore the whole trust
But the trustees and their attorneys
construed this opinion and the sentence,
"theretore the whole trust failed," to
refer solely to the trust relating to the
real property of the estate. The trust un
der which the trustees held personal
property valued at J7.000.000. they urged,
was not affected by the decision and tnat
sufficient of the will remained intact to
establish the intention of the testator re
garding the personalty. Hence they con
tend it should stand.
Trustees Befuse to Surrender.
But Theresa A. Oelrichs, Virginia Van
derbilt and Charles L. Fair wanted tnis
J7.000.000 worth of personal property. Un-
der the provisions of the trust clause
James S. Angus, T. G. Crothers and W.
S. Goodfellow, the trustees, w«fre to have
• and to hold this property during the lives
of the children and then to convey to the
¦children or descendants of Theresa A-
Oelrichs one-fourth of the trust property,
one-fourth to the children of Virginia
Vanderbllt and the remaining half of the
estate in equal shares to the brothers and
sisters and to the children of any de
ceased brother or sister by right of rep
resentation.
Under the direction of Jheir counsel the
children opened the fight to destroy this
trust. The action came up before Judge
Troutt on a petition for partial distribu
tion filed by the children on April 23. 1897.
This petition was decided yesterday, the
children won their point and now the en
tire will is a nullity.
After reviewing the case and weighing
the various authorities cited, Judge
Troutt says:
All Trust Clauses Fall.
It Is my conclusion that a proper construc
tion of the trcst provisions in question re
quire me to declare that all of them necessar
ily fall together: and that, consequently, the
petition of decedent's children for the distri
bution of certain personal property to them
eelves should be granted, except as to th«
sum of $100,000. which will be reserved as a
.fund out of which the executors' counsel may
be compensated and. except also as to the
specific personal pron«rty that counsel for the
various parties have stipulated should be re
served, being of a value exceeding 12,000,000.
This reserved property, "being of a
value exceeding: $2,000,000." was withheld
from distribution by the court ,in recog
nition of Mrs. Nettie B. Craven's as
rurnecj right to another attempt to estab
lish heirship as the alleged widow of the
rfeeeased. This matter will come up in
the near future, and as her counsel re
marked: "In view of the fact that new
evideiice in her favor has been discovered
end as we shall cut in all of the old evi
dence the hearing- of the case will occupy
S-bout four months."
Men Are Notified That They
Must Obey Orders or Lose
Their Places.
Proposed Strike of Street Car Con
ductors and Gripmen May Yet
Assume Formidable Pro
. I portions.
Draymen Threaten to
Discharge Their Em
ployes.
TEAMSTERS
NOW CENTER
OF TROUBLE
QUIETLY WED AT HOME
OF THE BRIDE'S MOTHER
Miss Clara Byington Becomes; therWife of Fred Boeckmann
and- the Young Couple Leave Immediately on Their
Honeymoon, to Be Spent on Shores of Lake Tahoe
Employes of Steel Oom-M
pany Declare They 1
Are Satisfied
TOILERS SPEAK
AGAINST UNIONS
President Shaffer Urges Men!
. to - Continue the
Strike/ . \
The manufacturers claim to be well sat
isfied with the developments of the week,
as there are still in operation the non
union mills at Vandergrift, Chester. Dun
cansville. Old Meadow. Saltsburg and;
Scottdale and the tin plate at Mone3sen.
All these mills, they say, have a larga
capacity and are running full. They also
express gratification at the partial* start
made at Wellsville and the' promise of a
larger force on Monday.
"An important announcement was madu
at the National Steel Company's mills at
Mlng-o Junction this evening-, based on
an order from the Carnegie Company, to
the, effect that the future wages of all
employes, including laborers, will be
raised to that paid In the Carnegie mills."
It was • stated to-night in McKeesport
that the organization of rolling mill men.
of the National Tube Company had been
completed to-day and that twenty-eight
men had signed the agreement to Join
the association. The association officials
would not confirm the report. A telegram;
from- Steubenville, Ohio, to-night says:
Increase Made In Wages.
The only thing which will start the mill wilH
be the taking: back of the old men, and as Ions
as the men are out the mill cannot be started.
There are not enough men In the country to
start the Woods mill, and there la not now suf
ficient time to make men to put the plant in,
operation next Monday. Organized labor is
bound to win, but remember, men. & peaceable,
and bloodMsa victory is the best and most hon
orable victory. I would not advise the saloons
to be closed during the present trouble, because
proprietors of such places nave paid a Ilcensa
to operate them. I advise you, however, to bs
careful to abstain from intoxicating beveragea
to excess, to observe the law and commit no act
of violence.
Representatives of the American Sheet Steel,
Company have repeatedly told me that if tha
laboring men were all organized the associa
tion would become too strong. I have- never*
spoken of this before. The men are now out.
on strike, and I advise them to stand together.,
Another official told me there ought to be non-*
union mills in order to hold the balance of
power. Men of McKeesport. are you not tired
chewing bones? The trusts have not only
kicked you this time, but are fighting you. Th»
combine has threatened to move the Woods
mill to Vandergrift If the men don't return to
work, but you can rest assured the "Woods mill
will never be moved to Vandergrift or any
other place. The mill officials have implored
the officials of the Amalgamated Association ta
start the plant, as they needed the product. A
report is beint circulated that the mill will
start Monday -with non-union men, but it never
Will be.
The meeting at SIcKeesport was dla*
metrically opposed to the Vandergrift
gathering- in Its object and action. It was*.
held In 'White's Opera-house nuder fh»
auspices of the Amalgamated Associa«;
tion and was addressed by several of the*
prominent officials of the association,
principal among whom -was President-
Shaffer. The hall was "crowded to ther
doors and much enthusiasm was evl*
denced. In an impassioned speech Presi*
dent Shaffer urged the mill men to stands
up for their union. In the course o£ hi*
talk -he said:
Shaffer Asks for Unity.
Resolved, by the ironworkers of Vander*
grift, Apollo. Leechtrarg and Saltsbtrrs. au«iM
bled this 2Cth day of July, 1301, at Van<5«rsrtf t, !
Fa., that we hereby express our loyalty to thai
managers of th« American Sheet Steel Com-
pany. During th« years we have worked for*
said company we have received only the fair* t
e&t treatment at their hands; oar wages hava;
been entirely satisfactory and we ask that wo
be permitted to work non-union, aa we hava,
been doing since 1393. W« feel that no labor*
union can make our conrltlon any tetter or*,
more honorable than It la at present, since w«
are subject to no one man's dictation..
the said association demanding that all non- 1
union mills be organized Into the union, whtciv
demand we do not Indorse; therefore, b» It
PITTSBURGH July 20.— The first -wertti
<rf the steer strike ended to-day in this*
district -with two big meetings* on© in-*,
dorslng non-unionism, -the other coodemn*
ing it. '-The first was held at Vandergrif t ,
this afternoon, where the sentiment ot
the workers of the Vandergrif U Leech-"
burg, Apollo and Saltsburs plants of the,
American Steel Company -was ecrpressedi
in speeches and resolutions. More tharrj
1S00 men attended the gathering. Speeches]
were made by prominent mill workers ln-«
dor sing non-anionlsm and declaring 1 lay-,
alty to th« company. When the speech-*
making had concluded the following reso*
lutlon was adopted: ;
Whereas, Th«re Is at present tronfel* existing
between the Amalgamated Association of Iron,,
Steel and Tin Workers and the Anftrlcan Ehaet '
Steel Company, which haa arisen by reason of;
Music at Park.
The Park Band -will render the folio-wing
music to-day:
Overture— "Gazza Ladra" Rossini
"Caprice Minerva." ..J. De'wrsj^
Selection from "Linda di Chamounix" . Donizetti
"Waltz — "Calanthe" Holiman
"Hungarian Fantasie" Tobanl
"Packeltanz No. 2 Meyerbeer
Flute solo Mr. A. Lombards*
"Suite Egyptian Ballet" Lulgint
Intermezzo — "Cavallerla Rusticana" . .Mascasrnl
March— "The Cardinal Forever" Flint
CADETS PASS SLEEPLESS
NIGHT IN CAMP POWER
Canvas City of the League of the Cross at Napa Gives Itself
Up to Long Hours of Revelry on the Eve of the First
Regiment's Departure From Scene of Its-Summer Outing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JUlaY 21, 1901.
C
25
Mclaughlin method
,'.'A. J. Burke, Machlas, Wash: _ _ _ «.' --^^ _ _ — . _ _ _ _ «'. „
Fred AVebber, 21()o De Kalb, Fj|^ RH |^ B^^IHilfiBSlB^l " C2 Market 8l - cor> Geary>
St.? Louis. Mo. ; ¦¦¦¦'- ' \ , llx . ."HlK* 1 fwlf"? ft II in Eft! I IM San Francisco. OfRce hours. S a. in. to 8:J0
vThos. Thornton. Chloride. Ariz. IB f|- 8WB || E gj g , J p4 ll 1? 13 P 1 ! t • „ m • x.^.v^ 10 to 1
-D. Deardorff. Rufus. Or. - •.¦,-|#2lB.. III! Vl SS I U isMl W W B 8 Ek I I \J »• m.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
It Can Be Cored by Electricity.
Thousands of men have Varicocele 'and are ignorant of the fact. They only know
that something is draining the vim and ambition from their bodies and brains, and
know of no reason to account for it. This terrible affliction is the most treacherous,
silent and certain in its work of all known ailments. Ij comes on without apparent
cause and never ceases in its destructive influence until it robs a man of all his vitality
, and leaves him a wreck of his normal self.
There are many ways of treating it, but none is so sure of success as properly ap-
plied electricity. * • -~
I have devoted twenty years of my life to the study of this and kindred subjects,
and in this time have cured 5000 cases of Varicocele.
I have, cured cases of thirty years' standing, where the patients had exhausted all
other. known treatments without relief, and came to me in a state of complete debility.
My method has cured after the knife, injection and every other means had been
tried and had failed. * > > V<
I have cured physicians, lawyers, ministers, merchants and laborers. In ' many
thousands of cases where a cure was considered impossible my treatment has cured.
The Cause of More Wrecks Than Any Other Disease.
"Cr»n-«olTent" dissolve* Strlctnre
like snow beneath the nan, re—
dace* ENLARGED PROSTATE: and
fttrenKthen* the Seminal Dnctn. utop-
ptntt drain* and emissions IV FIK-
TEEX DAYS.
>*o dru«» to rnln the "(nmacli, but
it direct local and positive applica-
tion to the entire L'rethral Tract.
GRAS-SOLVBXT in tbe Wander of
the Century. Discovered by the Chemist
Fabrion, it quickly Interested the great Scien-
tist and Physician, Erdman, who developed it
and proclaimed that marvelous action in
X_T*thral ailments which electrified the world.
At enormous expense THE ST. JAMES
ASSOCIATION outstripped all competitors
and secured exclusive control on the Western
Continent.
Gran-Solvent is not a liquid. It Is prepared
In the form of Crayons or PenciU, smooth and
flexible, and so narrow as to pass the closest
Stricture.
Tbe greet virtue In the method of ap-
pi ion 1 1on Is Its direct and positive action.
No vile, draetlc drugs to ruin the stomach and
digestive eyetem. The Crayons are inserted
upon retiring at- night, dissolving by the heat
and secretions of the body In three hours,
which is sufficient time to penetrate and dis-
solve
STRICTURE,
Ci«lodjriiU?' the granular mass, root and branch,
together with the false membrane upon whjch
It forms, thoroughly medicating the Prostate
Gland reducing Enlargement and contracting
the EJaculatory Oucts. forever stopping
drains and lo*»e>».
The alterative and antiseptic action of "Gran-
Folvent" asserts Itself in destroying Gonoeocci
and the perms that infest the bladder and
P T>uring the" past year thousands of -weak.
*aj>tln«f wrecks were cured— an army of men
born elaln to begin life anew with fresh vigor,
full of strength and 'the consciousness of re-
stored manhood. Under the Influence of this
eoverelgn solvent urethral stricture is dissolved
and dislodged in 15 days.
From time Immemorial cutting and dilating
have filled up the brutal, fruitless record of
treatment in urethral stricture, and yet there
has never been one care by such savajre meth-
ods The eacerness with which medical men
«re applying for this Solvent Is an open confps-
*lcn of their error in the pact. Over 800 lead-
ing phveiclans in the TJnlted States and Canada
have abandoned the knife and are employing
"Gran-Solrent" In their practice as a humane
and unfailing agent.
VARICOCELE.
Varicocol* is an accumulation of slusjrlsh
blood in the vein* of the scrotum, due solely
to imperfect circulation, and has its origin in
a diseased and torpid Prostate Gland. Opera-
tlotiB hi this disease are only temporary, and no
mechanical device yet discovered has cured a
einsle case. "Gran-Solvent" heals the Prostate
and restores healthy circulation. Varicocele
dirappears and the rfUBgieh accumulation is
r^nlaeed by pure, healthy, red blood.
f«pa««» will not permit a complete descrip-
tion of the incomparable St. James treatment
Jn urethral diseases. Every sufferer from ctrlc-
ture and its ofrsprin*, Proetatltiu and Seminal
TVeakneeii. *hould write to the St. James Asso-
ciation. 2SO St. James Bid*., Cincinnati. Ohio,
for their wonderful Illustrated work, showing
th* parts of the human eys- ¦¦ |^b OB B»
tern Involved In urethral ail- I II B B
m»nte, which th«-y wlil *<*nd Mb EK EH Eb
*eeure!y wrapred in plain | lg| ¦
package, prepaid. 9 BlHfia
St. James Association,
250 BT. JiKES BUILD IKG, CINCINNATI, OHIO.
IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Cored While You Sleep
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[r jp^^~ \ It Can. Be Cored by Electricity.
I Wiii%f^\)\ Thousands of men have Varicocele'and are ignorant of the fact. They only know
• VypTjjj —^ f \ that something is draining the vim and ambition from their bodies and brains, and
. ". V~ '"^^Kv.* i know °f no reason to account for it. This terrible affliction is the most treacherous,
h l\ J.Z& /silent and certain in its work of all known ailments. Ij comes on without apparent
/ '• / vl ' i I ' cause anc * never ceases in its destructive influence until it robs a man of all his vitality
I \ ' '\ . / ..'and. leaves -him a wreck of his normal self.
I \\ / *• There are many ways of treating it, but none is so sure of success as properly ap-
¦ \~- I A/. plied electricity. * • -~
, \ r \ I have devoted twenty years of my life to the study of this and kindred subjects,
\ C^ •'_ \ and in this time have cured 5000 cases of Varicocele.
\ . , I have . cured cases of thirty years' standing, where the patients had exhausted all
\ j other. known treatments without relief, and came to me in a state of complete debility.
V - • My method has cured after the knife, injection and every other means had been
Y£#!k^. I . .tried and had failed. . "->,-;¦
M^j^^vv .'1 I have cured physicians, lawyers, ministers, merchants and laborers. In -many
2 *--^^ thousands of cases where a cure was considered impossible my treatment has cured.
p^f the Mclaughlin method.
, I I use a' method of my own; one which is the result of vast experience durinsr
• V the past twenty years. I have perfected an electric body. battery which can be worn
/S , ' comfortably while the patient sleeps at night, which gives a powerful yet soothing cur-
: - rent that is always under the control of the wearer. It pours its vitalizing energy into
/^l • I I the body for^six to eight hours every- night in a manner devised by myself, which dis-
- ' '- solves the congestion, assists the circulation, gives contraction to the relaxed cords, and
I A T T r P? riTDF« restores strength. fz£MB ' • * '
l^t\ 1C vUKDOt . " It, cures Varicocele permanently in two to three months.
" Louis ' Foscaiina, ' Mok«lumne • My Electric, Body Belt can. be worn without inconvenience, is powerful and dur-
oshkosh. wis. able. It can be sent anywhere, with 'full instructions, upon receipt of price. Profea-
d. Hepburn, Westport, Or. - sional advice .given free until cure is .'complete. "-:."'
e. Parker. 2031 Center. s t., q^\\ an( j j et me explain it. You can test the belt free. If you can't call, let me
Berkeley. Cal. __ . ; . send you my "booklet telling about it. All free. Send this ad.
A. c. i^oonils. K.lnjtBDurgr. <_ai. . . ¦>_ . . . . r ¦ • ° . .. , , •4 XV^o OCIETY Vested during the past
/T" week. There was neither din
(sAA ner. luncheon nor informal tea to
A) break .the quiet. Quite a nura
/ZZ^y ber of people, however, came re-
Nl/^ luctantly back to tawn, the
opening of the schools on Mon
day being the cause of many a return. A
reception was tendered to E. P. Gallagher
to welcome him on his return home from
Manila at his residence, 228 Van Ness av
-enue, on Thursday evening, July 11. A
very pleasant evening was passed In mu
sic, games and dancing, after which re
freshments were served. Those present
were the Misses Delia Farrell, Anna Far
rell, Anna Burns, Agnes McLaughlin,
Rose McLaughlin, Pauline Utschig, Anna
Gallagher, Dora Colver, Nellie Gallagher,
Sarah Gold, Frances Dunn, Josephine
Dunn, Hannah Gallagher. Mae Gallagher,
Messrs. E. P. Gallagher, Dan Farr.ell, Sam
•Johnson, Tom Curley, James Curran, W.
Gleason, Tom Dowling, F. Curran, Ed
iCenny. Ed GleaBon, Hector MacLean,
Charles Bradley, Dennis Haggerty, Ed
gar Grey, Frank Tobln, P. Gallagher and
little Loretta and Charlie Gallagher.
¦ A very enjoyable dinner was recently
given by L. B. Goldberg of Highland
.Park in honor of the Rev. Or. Lewis G.
Keynolds, an eminent Jewish theologian
ana rabbi of Salt Lake City, Utah, who is
'visiting the host at his beautiful home In
East Oakland. Among the invited guests
TWere Mf. and Mrs. S. and H. Kahn, Mr.
&nd Mrs. George Samuels, Mr. and Mrs.
A. Alexarfder, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hoff
man, Mr. and Mrs. George Newman, mr.
and Mrs. M. Marcuse, Mrs. J. Hoffman,
'Mr. L. Reis. Miss Libbie Marks of Oro
.vllle, Mr. and Mrs. B. Goldberg and Mr. A.
.Mayer of San Francisce.
. The Mission Pretzel Club had its first
«nnual outing on Sunday last. In the shape
of a clam bake, near Baden. President W.
'H. Bo we acted as the jehu and drove the
¦party down in a four-in-hand carry-all.
'On arriving at the destination the mem
bers scattered In search of the succulent
.'clam and obtained them in quantities.
XTharies Kuhlmann acted as chief cook and
,R, Peck was his able assistant. Clams
in every style were served, together with
the proper liquids to wash them down.
After the repast the club was entertained
-by the following: Secretary W. Henry
.Drewes, Treasurer Charles Wachter,
: Henry Ricke, Jack McGrath, Jimmy Ma
.her. Peter Putes. Owen Xienhouse, James
Cordsen and Messrs. Hack and Griffin,
ventriloquists.
' Mrs. C. Howeil of 459 Minna street has
•just returned from a visit to the Pan-
American Exposition and other Eastern
•cities.
• Miss Sadie Harris of IS54 Bush street
"left last Sunday for Guernevllle, accom
panied by Ethan and Mr. and Mrs.
'Zoe Harris.
Mr. W. D. "vTolpman. accompanied by
.his daughter Miss Mattie, has left for a
.-visit to the East.
• Mr. and Mrs. I. Goodman announce the
"marriage of their daughter Hilda to Mr.
¦Harrj' Brownlee.
Mrs. Kate M. Flynn, the efficient chief
clerk of the State Board of Examiners
from Sacramento, is on a two weeks' va
cation to her home in this city.
Mrs. A. \V. At wood has left for a three
months' visit to relatives in the East.
• Mrs. Isadore Zeuner (nee Ehrlich) has
gone to Southern California, where she
will join her husband. She expects to be
gone one month.
Mr. C. Branagan and Master Andrew
Branagan have gone to the mountains on
a hunting expedition and will return by
way of Camp Meeker.
Mrs. J. H. Drumgold of this city, who
has been visiting her niece in the moun
tains near Sonora. Tuolumme County, has
returned much improved in health.
Mrs. George H. Myers of 2118 California
street has discontinued her day at home
for the summer months.
Mrs. Harry T. Hammond an* Mrs. Ida
Stevens have gone to Pacific Congress
Springs.
On Thursday. July 18, Miss Emma Stout
Ipft San Francisco for the northern part
cf the State, where she will spend a few
months with some of her friends. She
will visit many of the principal points of
interest on her way home.
Dr. Hirschkowltz has returned from his
southern trio.
Mr. and Mrs. E. O. Riser will celebrate
their wedding anniversary at their home.
779 Clayton street, Ashbury Heights^ on
"the evening of August 7. Reception from
5 to 11 o'clock.
Miss S. M. Richards of Portland. Ore
gon, Is a guest of the Misses McCloskey,
1451 O'Farrell street.
• Mr. and Mrs. Adolf Morris of 2070 M3s
-f=5on street announce the engagement of
their daughter. Annie, to Maurice Gerber
of Seattle. Wash.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Brandenstein announce
the engagement of their daughter. Belle,
to Gustave Lenz of Stockton. At home
Sunday. July 28, and Wednesday. July 31,
at 513 Devisadero street.
Miss Flora Levy, who has been visiting
In Sonoma for several weeks, left Tuesday,
July 2, for Portland, Oregon, to visit her
brother, I. K. Levy, and will be gone sev
eral months.
Mr, and Mrs. George W. Reed and Miss
.Violet Rose Jacobs have returned from
Europe and are at the Occidental Hotel.
Madame Francisco de Careno, wife of
the Governor of Slnaloa, her charming
daugliter and two nieces have left the
Occidental and are now guests of Mrs Dr
Morse. 621 O'Farrell street.
Mrs. Ike Rosenthal of Stockton is on a
visit to her sister. Mrs." H. S. Kohn. 2504
Clay street.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Heyman have re
moved from 410 Stelner street, city, to
1710 Grand street, Alameda. near broad
gauge depot.
Mrs. Rachel L«vy of New York Is at
present visiting in this city and would be
GLENBROOK— Recent arrivals. at Glenbrook
include: E. C. Gibbons, J. C Grigsby, Stock
ton: C..A. Kather and wife, Karl E. Kather,
Miss Lois Godwin. Napa; C. H. Grayson and
wife. Harry Grayson, O. 8. Simpson J. H.
Diamond, Miss Kate Moran, Miss '¦ Gertrude
Doyle. Miss Belle Berry, Miss Lizzie Lea. Miss
CAPITOLA— Late arrivals, at Cap! tola in
clude: From San Francisco, Miss Lena Ed-
Trords, Mies Flora Edwards, Miss Sybil S.
Goodman,- Walter de Leon, Mrs. I. Sorbel and
family, Mrs. D. D. Crown, Mrs. J. D. Fitz
gerald. Joseph Braver, W. T. Egan, John L.
de Bennettt, A.' W. Furst and wife, George
King. Mrs. B. P. Littlefleld, Miss Llttlefleld,
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Wilder, J. R. Elliott. Win
nie T. Kelly* Irene Q. Carroll, Alma R. Car
roll. H. M. McCall. Edgar A. Lew, O. M. Bab
cock, J. F. Ormant and. family. Miss L.. Ir
vine, Harris Stenge, Captain E. Llttlefleld, J.
E. Mitchell. A. H. Terrill. W. Henderson, F.
H. Flynn, F. J. Haley, A. D. Layne, Mrs. R.
N. Silver. C. S. Henley. Miss Mary D. Healey,
Ruth A. Farley, E. 8. King. N. B. Rooser.
Eugene WlUiard, A. 8. Holman, Charles H.
Van Orden, Mrs. C. Ounz, Miss L. A. Fur
bish, Georre Relhl. James 8. Irvine. Miss
Maude Powell, B. M. Thomas and family, Val
•le Harden. C B. Schwartz, Frank E. Carroll,
Fred B. Muller, D. Ferguson, John T. Fogarty.
Mies Fogarty, Edgar Kelly, M. Popper. From
Oakland— w. H. Rabe, Mrs. L. Allender and
son, Mr. and Mrs. R. Mott, Ethyl M. Mott,
Mrs. W. Kleeman, Miss S. Kleeman, Dr. J.
Goodwin Thompson. J. Tobriner, W. B.
Etandeford. Mfa Frledlander, Miss Ruth A.
Farley, Mr. and Mrs. Alex T. 8teuart, George
H. Ismon and wife. Miss Ismon. Mr. and Mrs.
M. J. Laymance. - Mlts Laymance. Miss Mae
Perkins. Willord Barton. W« B. Dunning, Mn.
W. B. Dunning and family. Dr. D. D. Crowley,
Dr. and Mrs. A. 8. Larkey. •
CAMP MEEKER— The following guests reg
istered at Camp Meeker last week: From San
Francisco— Mrs. B. Selig. Beth Brosnon, Miss
A. Miller, Mrs. E. Mack. Mrs. J. Bogen, Miss
N. O'Neil, Eva Encinal. Dora Delmatre. C.
W. P. Sullivan, Mrs. W. P. Sullivan, Miss
Nellie Sullivan, Miss Genevieve Sullivan, Miss
C. Finnigan, Agnes Carew. Editha Carew. Mrs.
M. R. Hewitt, Elsie Madsen, C. A. Kalghln,
G. A. McColoy and wife, Mr. and Mrs. P. D.-
Bernhard. Miss Rhoda Bernhard, Mrs. Nettle
Dyer, Cassie I. Murphy, Fritz Kotzenowaza,
H. Kotzenowaza, Lorine Fetter, S. K. Pack
scher and wife. Mrs. L. Hulse, Miss H. A.
Hyde. H. D. Lansing, Grace B. Lansing. Mar
garet Hartnett, Lucille Hartnett, Gladys Dixon
C. Easton and wife. H. C. Briggs and wife,
Mrs. W. H. Briak, O. H. Hansen, E. P.
Hueghton, Mrs. J. F. Hueghton, J. Winton
Gibb, G. Hazelton Wilson, Mrs. Adella Kaighin,
Mrs. Nettie J. McColoy. Mrs. E. Fawke, Mrs.
E. Corbett. Mrs. J. Monsees. Miss Anna Kehoe,
J. A. Bernhard, ' Edgar Bernhard, Howard
Bemhard, F. N. Meyers, Dr. Howard Somers,
Dr. Allen H. Peek, Dr. C.-C. W.oove, Dr. George
D. Worthington, Dorothy Deitman, Fred Fear
son, Frances Champion, Lillian Kiley, Abbie
Goodwin, Ethel Cox. William Ward, Miss
Thelma Cox. K. A. Rofer. Leopold Rofer, Mrs.
F. Lundblade, Miss Tillie Lundblade. Albert
M. Meyerfew. B. Rellg, J. Kavanaugh. Mrs.
P. J. Quinn and family. Miss Nellie Sullivan,
A. J. Mills and wife. Walter O. Dixon. Jack
Hartnett, Thomas J. • Lawson. Mr. and Mrs.
French and family, Mrs. Donohue and family.
From Oakland— Mrs. D. Burns and daughters,
Mrs. Sanford and family. Miss M. D. Cham
pion,- Marion Steadwell. Mrs. Venice F. Cush
ing. Mr. and Mrs. James Langon, J. K. Jef
fress. F. Eihles, J. D. Campbell, George Tay
lor, Miss Jessica Kloppenberg, Eugene Klop
penberg. From Alameda— E. B. Marriott, G.
Alexander "Wright. Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Hamil
ton. Ruth Hamilton, Mr. and Mrs. J. Adams.
From Stockton— Mrs. P. A. Buell, Henry Buell,
Amy Buell. Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Westbay,
Miss Margaret Westbay, Miss Bernlce Westbay,
W. Clayton Westbay. . From Sacramento— Mrs.
Henry Hellbron. Andrew Heilbron. W. B. Coy.
From Elmhur8t— Mrs. H.- M. Wilber. From
Sausalito— Miss Maud Lewis. From Berkeley—
F. T de Medlcls and wife, B. de Medicls, Mrs,
R. G. Noach, Leila S. Hathaway. From Val
lejo— Mrs. J. F. Keefe, VIolette Keefe, Melville
Keefe. From Bodega— John N. Keefe, Mrs. N.
Keefe, Thomas Keefe, Anna Keefe. From Oro
vllle—John Smith. Dick Jones. From Valley
Ford— Margie McDonnell.
The Camp Reverie Association management
announces that the programme for 'the next
.week at- Camp Reverie .will carry the names
of Professor M. E. Jaffa of the University of
California and Professor and Mrs. Lemmon,
the well-known authorities on the botany of
the Pacific Coast. Professor Jaffa will speak
on "The Use and Abuse of Meat" and "Food
Adulteration." Mr. and Mrs. Lemmon will dis
course, in a popular way, of "The Trees and
Plants of California," and especially those of
the immediate locality.
A progressive euchre and whist party
will be given by the members of Cathedral
Council on Friday evening, August 9, In
Golden Gate Hall. 625 Suttef street, for the
benefit of St. Mary's Cathedral bazaar.
Valuable prizes for the successful ladles
and gentlemen will be awarded and a
most enjoyable evening Is anticipated.
Many spectators will be the guests of the
council on this occasion, and excellent
music will be provided throughout the
evening. Tickets have been placed at 50
cents and may be had from any of the
members and at the hall on the evening
of the party. The following- gentlemen
have charge of the. arrangements : B. J.
Dollard. L. A. Kelly. Rev. E. P. Dempsey,
Neal Power, Joseph McCusker, W. C.
Keogh, P. Y.- Gomez. William O'Leary, J.
B. Feehan,, James Reardon.
At the Resorts. ' • *
. CAMP" REVEIUB-^Recent. arrivals ; at ,C.amp
Reverie Include: Miss Louise Geary, Mr. and
Mre. W. J. Foster, Miss M. Heyer. Charles
Slefert, Miss Breum, Mrs. E. H. Palmer, C.
H. Gray, A. Macpherson, D. W. Bisbee, Mr.
and Mrs. J. N. Brlttain, Mr. and Mrs. G. W.
Singley. Miss S. Rottanzi, ' Miss M. Rottanzl,
C. K. Lombard, Mies Mary R- Keneflck, Miss
L. Labaney, W. Gaimox, A. Macdonald, Miss
J. W. Boardrnan, Miss Roden, Miss Jennie
Roden, Mr. Keating, Mr. and Mrs. G. N.
O'Brien and family, Mr. and Mrs. Hans Gul
lixon. Miss Hollub, Miss M. Hollub, Mr. and
Mrs. Flynn and family. Mrs. C. E. McKinnie,
C. F. Richards, Miss R. C. Mitchell, Mrs. W.
Lobey, W. W. Hanscnm, J. F. Schemp, F. W.
Thompson, M. H. Heynemann, San Francisco;
Professor H. Morse Stevens, Ithaca, N. Y. ;
Miss A. Sullivan. Boston; M. Callaghan, Mr.
and Mrs. J. H. Ding-well, Mr. and Mrs. A- H.
Glascock, Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Branson, Mise>
Brooks, Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Crofts and son,
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Culver, Miss Culver,: Mrs.
Keller, George Keller, R. H. Hammond and
wife. Miss E. Keller. Albert Keller, Miss A.
Keller, Mrs. F. N. Fletcher and child; Miss
Ethel Fletcher, Mr and Mrs. A. L. Frick, Mrs.
Baker, Mr. Bronson, Oakland; J. N. Ogburn,
Hilton; M. Doyle and children. Professor G.
M. Stratton. Mrs. G. M. Stratton, Miss Eleanor
Stratton, Berkeley; Mrs. D. Parkhurst, Mrs. S.
A. Mansfield, Alameda; J. D. Cuthbert, W. H.
Landers, San Rafael; Mrs. J. H. Kelly, Fresno;
Mrs. S. ht. Randall, Santa Rosa.
Miss Mabel Lichtenstein has returned
from her visit to Carson City and will
spend July and August at her country
home, 22 Palm avenue, San Rafael.
Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt has' returned from
St.' Helena, where she passed her summer
vacation. • • «.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Harris and Mr.
and Mrs. A. N. Jackson have left town
for an extended tour of the South.
Mrs. Marcus Rosenthal and the Misses
Rosenthal have returned from Europe and
are stopping at the Pleasanton.
Mrs. John McSorley, Mrs. William Mc-
Sorley and Miss Mayme McSorley, from
Park City, Utah, are visiting relatives
for a few 'weeks.
Thursday evening, the 17th, at their Ala
meda home, Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Day
entertained a party of friends at dinner
in honor of the sixth anniversary of their
wedding. A very elaborate menu was
served, after which music and other forms
of entertainment were provided. The
guests were Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Allardyce,
Mrs. Armitage. Mr. and Mrs. Lionel Hare,
Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Hurlbut, Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. McCallum and Mr. Taylor.
Miss Tena McDonald, daughter of Mrs.
M. McDonald of Sacramento, was united
in marriage to Will A. Sayre of that city
on last Wednesday. The affair, while at
tended by only the intimate friends of
both families, was one of the prettiest
ever witnessed in Sacramento. The cere
mony took place at the home of the
bride's mother and was performed by the
Rev. Vaughn of Sacramento. Miss Emilie
Taylor of San Rafael acted as bridesmaid,
while Charles McDonald *was best man.
The parlor where the marriage took place
was beautifully decorated with clematis.
A wedding breakfast was served, after
which the happy couple (departed for the
southern part of the State. They will re
side in Sacramento, where Mr. Sayre is en
gaged In business.
Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Stuparlch of San
Francisco celebrated the tenth anni
versary of their marriage at Har
lem Springs on June 29. J. F. Hea
ney of Oakland made an Ideal priest
and caused much laughter by his wit and
humor. Miss Sylvia E. Petar of Oakland
and Miss Mollie Husing of San Francisco
acted as bridesmaids and Charles de S.
Boice of Oakland and J. Rand of San
Francisco were groomsmen. At the con
clusion of the ceremony several musical
selections were rendered by the guests.
An elegant banquet was served on the
veranda of the hotel. The bride and groom
were the recipients of many useful pres
ents, also a unique souvenir card mounted
and ornamented in tin, donated with the
congratulations and best -wishes of those
present.
Mrs. Louis Sufirisky of Cleveland Is vis
iting her brother. Dr. A. N.usbaum.
Miss Carrie L. Welisch returned Tues
day from a six weeks' stay at Los Angeles
and Catalina 'Island. • . ;
pleased to see her friends at 723 O'Farrell
street.
SUMMER OUTING OS SOCIETY
Kate Leary, Miss Julia Sweeney, Mrs. Bailey
and son, J. Conway and wife, John P. Nelan,
Harry McMann, J. P. ' Griffiths, ' Miss Mae
Halvey. Miss Inez Halvey, Miss Blanche Hal
vey. Miss Maud F. Halvey, A. Anderson, J.
C. Shade, A. Haminlva, U. S. N.; George War
fore, U. S. N.; Charles Boll, U. S, N.; Jameo
Savage, James Lowney. Alexander Calley, C.
N. Patteson, Vallejo; T. J. Duncan, S. F.
Sann and wife. Miss Idaline O'Malley,' Miss
Lottie O'Malley, Miss Caryl O'Malley, John
O'Malley and wife, Harry Howard and wlft,
C. P. Allen, William C. Bryan, E. J. Benedict,
H. W. Higgins, Miss Anna Hlggins, Fred Ve3t,
Arthar Bradford, L. A. Newlett, Miss .Laura
B. Coffin. Thomas L. McKeever, Ellie Reeves,
K. Harris, K. M. Ham and wife, Kenneth
Ham, San Francisco; Miss Katherlne Hanley,
Miss Mabelle Walsh, Oakland: Mrs. P. D.
Gri^sby, Miss Nellie Grigsby, Miss Mary Grig;.
by, Miss Jessie Block. Lower Lake ;¦ Mrs. S.
Hepworth and son, Dixon. ...
HOTEL BENVENUE— Arrivals at Hotel Ben
venue include: O. S. Simpson, Vallejo; R. H.
Marchant Jr. and Mrs. R. H. Marchant, San
Francisco; Miss Martha Morris, Ukiah; R.' B.
Russell,. Greenville; Josephine Finch, Austra
lia; Bessie Russell, Greenville; George Ready,
San Francisco; James McCarthy, London,
Eng. ; O. P. Palestine and Mrs. O. • P- Pales
tine, Sonoma; M. Spowart, San Francisco; Al
phonso Hanshall, Alameda; Donald P. Camp
bell, Berkeley, J. H. GlUespy and Mrs. J. H.
Gillespy, Oakland; Captain C. .B.. Kusbet,
Ontario; Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Dickson, Mr. and
Mrs. W. R. Rease. Miss Maud Bunney, Miss
Fannie Bunney, Miss Mamie McBerg, - Miss
Mae Laughlln, Miss Fannie Laughlin,- Fred
Trobblrge, San Francisco; Walter Young, Cobb
Valley; Mr. and Mrs. p. H. Young, August F.
Steigeler, Carl Mulbeln, San Francisco: J.
Hansen, J. L. Dobbe, Santa Rosa; Miss Bes
sie Durkee, Miss Matilda Conway, Miss Lo
retta B. Conway, Mrs. M. Conway, Mias . Flor
ence Welch, -San Francisco.
JOHANNISBERG— Among the recent guests
who have registered at Johrfnnlsberg 'are: From
San Francisco — Mr.- and. Mrs. David Hirscher,
Mrs. N. B. Greensfelder, Miss Greensfelder,
S. J. Cook, William Reed. Miss A. E. Hucks,
Mrs. F. M., Harney, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Goodman and son. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stein
and children, Miss Nettie HIrschfeld. I. Good
man. Mrs. S. Goodman, Miss Lenora Goodman,
Miss Dora Lipman, Mr. and Mrs. A. Williams
and children. A. L. Creyer, Mrs. I. Tobrlner
and daughter, Mrs. F. Cohn, Miss Agnes Bode,
Mr. and Mrs. F. Schaef er and daughters, Mr.
and Mrs. B. V. Wilkins and sons, Mr. and
Mrs. F. V. Denis, Miss Eveline Cannon, j Miss
Alice Carrington.
An entertainment and dance was given Sat
urday, July 13, by the Johannisberg Minstrel
Club. The programme was as follows: War
whoop., minstrel club: recitation, Joe Joe
(Joseph Goodman) ; Cakewalk. Belinda John
son (Miss Nellie Hirschfeld); solo, Gadski (Miss
Leonora Goodman); clog dance, Yony Yonson
(Master Dan Stein); recitation. Our Little
Darling (Irma Stein); "The Dados Will Do It"
(duet), Mr. and Miss Dado; skirt dance, Senor
Couche Couche (Gustav Blanckenberg) ; our
latest poetess. Portia (Miss Helen Greensfel
der). Stage director, Mrs. Sing Lee (Mrs. L
Tobriner); musical director. Mrs. Playnothlng
(Mrs. Hirschler); floor manager, I. Goodman.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS — Among the recent
arrivals at Highlands are: From San Fran
cisco-Mrs. C. J. Kalghln. Miss G. Kaighin,
R. W^. Madden, T. E. Pawlicki, J. H. McEvoy,
E. R. Thomsen, T. J. Duncan, Charles G.
Hoag, J. J. Hoag, Miss C. P. Tofflez. Dr. and
Mrs. O. F. Westphal, Mr. and Mr,s. L. Vann,
J. H. Flathman, Miss Annie Duveneck, Joseph
B. Duggan. Dr. Cal W. Knowles, H. W. Hlg
gins. Miss Anna Hlggins. E. J. Benedict. Wil
liam V. Bryan, Mrs. Campbell, Mrs. Maguire
and baby, Lou Classen. Sam Abrahm, Frances
A. Dunne, Peter J. Curtis, Lawrence J. Dwyer,
L. Allerton Hewlett, W. R. Delzelle, Miss Julie
Leazynsky, Louis H. Brownstone, Dr. James
H. Seymour. Stanley Sinsheimer, T. Strassbur
ger. Miss Eugenie Moraghan, Miss Elsie Mora
ghan, Francis Moraghan, Miss Gertrude Strass
burger. Miss Emelie U. Frank, Ed Bachman,
Mr. and Mrs. Edw. Xavier Rolka, Mrs. D. H.
Friesleben. -Miss Harriet Reyman. Tllton Fell
man, J. H. Lunsmann, Charles H.' Lunsmann,
Mr. and Mrs. Dick Hemming, Henry Muller
and. family, J. Melnke ' and daughter. Miss
Florence M. Coffin, Laura B. Coffin. Mr. and
Mrs. R. W. Coffin. Mrs. James A.' Davis, Dr.
'Mayo A. Greenlaw. Miss Alma A. Greenlaw,
F.. Trlest. Ben Baruch. From Oakland— D. W.
Morris, Mrs. F. H. "Bruning, Harry Brunlng,
Mr. and Mrs: C* W: Ross,- Mr. and Mrs. A.
Fibush, 'Dr. and "Mrs. Frank L. -Adams, Miss.
H. Domonoske, Miss L. Price", Miss R. Domo
noske. Miss Zella Hart. A. Jac4bs, S. Jacobs.
Miss A. T. O'Brien.'. From Alameda— Mrs. S.
B. Connor, H. R. Connor. Miss Ethel Connor.
From Woodland— Miss Mary Craig. From Napa'
—A. L. Voorheis. From* Vallejo— Charles Ash
well. Mise May Harvey. From- Uklah — Judge
and Mrs».J. M. Mannon. From Houston. Tex. —
Mrs. Theodore Lippet. From Honolulu — John
A. Graack. ' From' San Luis- Oblepo-rA. E.
Campbell. H. M. Payne. : From Pinole— G.
Fraser. From' Mazatlan,' Mexico— E. H/Hoag, ¦
J. J. Sullivan. .,.„">
BYRON HOT SPRINGS^-The recent arrivals
at Byron Hot Springs are as follows:
From San Francisco — E. E. Chenot, Spiro
Radulovicb, Theb J. AVelsh, 'John Buchner,
Leo von Korlltz, A. Drosner. C. J. Enbosk, I-I.
L; E. Meyer Jr., AV. H. Meyer, M. Amber, John
Ferrlter and daughter, L. W. Reddlngton, O.
L. Malo. George I. Taylor. P. Y. G leases, Ger
trude Manning, James McGann, Miss ! Mary
O'Neill, Mrs. C Howard, J. McCormack and'
daughter. A. McCormack, Edward Levy, Frank
Jones, Mrs. Kate Cunningham, Henry Smith,
Mrs. Caroline Craner, Mrs. Alfred Aurbach. H.
H. Winibbe, R. Rehmm. Gustav Schnee, Mrs.
Dora Dunshee, Ralph Dunshee, ' Mrs. Henry
Goldsmith, Mrs. Charles Peach. L. Summer
field, Mrs. L. Oppenheimer, John'MacLean, C.
Hermann and wife, K. Baago, T. H. Dowling,
Mr. and Mrs. Gus Gross. J. Gardia. M. F.
Fragrley and wife, E. McCloskey, Mrs. H. 'A.
Billings, W. A. Botkin. Mrs. F. Mathews,
Miss Jenny Hanly. R. R. Dunn. W. Eisenberg,
William White, B. Glinckey,- W. Larsen and
wife, Mrs. Henedrickson, E. Henedrickson, H.
Henedrickson, Miss Mae McElroy. John Don
rid Mrs. Burns, John Monaco, wife and child;
Mr', and Mrs. Adolph Stock, G. A. Johnston,
L Stock and wife, A. E. Kleinert, Mrs. Jones,
C. S Benedict and wife. Mrs. M. L. Mat
thews R. S. Alexander and wife. Miss L. Mc-
Closkey, Miss N. McCloskey, Mrs. J. J. Spotts
wood. M. Mooncy. N. Cunce, < F. W. Vv'enber
and wife, A L. Edwards, Mrs. Green. Frank
Jones Jr., John Silvia, Louis Bearwold, Ed
Leopold, M. Lynch, William Fogarty. J. Lat
soka E A .Wood. From Oakland— Mrs. ¦ M.
Carman W. F. Carman. A. Schoner. Mrs. O.
Anderson. Mrs. S. H. Covert, J. Clark and
wife G.- Cuneo, B. Moran, Martin Welsh.
Stockton— Mrs. A. Murphy. F B. Hubbard.
Fresno — H Granz and wife, Clarence Downs,
W? H. Hollenbeck. V. Solgren, A. Clark. Fol-
BOm _B F. Smith. Lo3 Angeles— H. F. Tinker.
Halfmoon Bay— F. J. Martin, Mrs. A. E. Ben
edetti Miss I. Martin. J. Benedettl. Seattle,
Wash— Mra. Monell. Fabian, Mich.— E. D. Al
lis Bakersfleld— Mrs. N. M. Fisher, Niclc
Brltz R. A. Finn, Mrs. Al Lindley. Arling
ton _Antone Zale. Chicago— Fred A. Britten.
Hanford— S. Rehoefer. Livermore— Mrs. W.
Hammond, Henry Meyer. Grass Valley— Mrs.
B Johnston. Sacramento— Jacob Olsen and
wife Jim McCourt, Hon. Fred Cox and wife.
Vallejo— James Tighc. Sutter Creek— William
Trehwella. , Jackson— George Baub. Red BlufT
—John Newmisk. New York City— A. Purdy.
Vacaville— C. H. Weitherwax. Marysville —
Mrs Henry Hymen. Tucson— W. C. Dunn Jr.
Honolulu-A; Herbert. San Mateo-C F Fln
eer Mrs W W Cass. Washington, D. C— H.
P WaKs'aman. Miss E. Camp. Angels Camp-
Chris Peris. Haywards— M. C. Cares.
HOTFL VENDOME — Registered at the Ven
dome San Joee, during the past week were:
From San Francisco-Mrs. E. W. Harris, N.
E Baker. Mrs. J. K. Firth, James K. Firth.
W C Anderson and wife, Charles Newman,
Mrs Florence Ellon, Miss Vera Ellon, E. C.
Sharpe, J; R. K. Nuttall. W. H. KIng.F. N.
Woods. Mrs. Joseph Spiers, Major J. B. Lauck,
Mrs E. C. Sullivan and son. S. E. Eoler. S.
Hardy, H. S. Nelson, E. Preble, F. W. Voogt,
W H. Hamilton Jr., R. L. Sampter, Miss Alice
Barbar, Fred C Lewitt. Irving M. Scott, M.
C Leventrltt, Dr. Beverley MacMonogle, Wil
liam Wilson. Mrs. Mary A. Ahrensv Miss
Agnes J. Ahrens, Miss , Throckmorton, Mrs. C.
A Buckbee. Miss Buckbee, Dr. Edward R.
Tavlor, Miss Mable Hogg, Mlas Florence Cal
laghan, I. M. Wilson, Ml*s Knte Mihon, T. S.
Berg in. Lawrance Soott, H. W. Tomlinson, J.
Calley and wife, C. L, Field, Miss A. L. Field,
W. J. gomeri B. G. Sorners, H. W. Eatw.
William Hogg," T. A. Hayes, Edward B.
Helneman, W. H. Cameron, D. G. Brake, Mrs.
Vanderlyn'. Stow, Mlas Stow, F. J- Mayhew,
Miss. Elena Robinson, Mr. and Mrs. James. A.
Robinson. W. Gordon Griffith. Jc-hn Landers,
S. Holli.-b. F. ' W. Ten Winkle, Owen D. Bur
nett, T. B. Winship, A. B. Paul Jr.. Mrs. H..
T. Grannies, George T. Killam, Thurlow Mc-
Mtillen, J. Marcuse. From New '• York—Wll
liarn'Ebling and wife, AI Shranz, C. D. Stev
ens. T. T. Gocdwln, Judge David Leventrltt
and wife. Leo L. Leventritt, -J. J- Deppler,
W. T. Solomon. Charles T. Howe, W. J. Ca
hill, Mr. and Mrs. J. TV. Laine, Leland H.
Littlefield, Miss Jennie Eustace, Miss Grace
Ellison, Mrs. A. J. Rockwell, Miss Florence
Rockwell, J. W. FedrU, Henry Miller, C. A.
Butler, C. T. Howe, Mr. and Mrs. F. H.
Medbury, Mrs. M. E. Van Horten. ' Miss M.
Tra;y, J. E. Wragg, Miss A. Ahrends, M. X .
Hay, Miss Margaret Anglin. From Los An
geles— Charles Forman, Emma Gooch, Miss
Mary S. McCoy, Miss Ella Gooch. From Memo
Park— Mrs. William S. Frank," C. G. Follis,
J./M. Herron. . From Mission San Jose— Mrs.
J. Gal legos. Miss Anita Gallegos, Miss Sophia
Gallegcs. Mrs. G. B. McAneny, Mrs. M. C.
¦Mastlck: i • • ' •-.•..
CAMP TAYLOR— Registered at Camp Taylor
during the past week were: From San Fran
cisco—P. N. Lange and family, Llllle Hussey.
Francis Hussey, E. Leeman. Charles Meyer,
H. Glemm, W. Bullwinkle, W. Stormlem Mrs.
E. W/ Hancock and child, Mrs. Z. Ruedigar
and son. Mr. and Mrs. Schulz Jr., Mrs. G.
Schulz. William Cohn, Paul A. Smith, P. A.
Normand. L. Hough. Mrs. Emily Webster, I*
G. Gebhardt, W. W. Smith. Miss Ayers Mc-
Carren, Marrie Silva, Grace Mclntyre, Nettie
Blel, Lizzie McCarte, George S. Williams Har
old E. Haerthorn. Miss Mary Campbell, S.
Abraham, F. W Langridge. ¦ Mr. and Mrs. J.
L. Moore. F. Kunz, J. H. McCarthy and wife.
Miss Jennie Stevens. From Oakland— J. h.
Moore. J. Gilman, P. F. Flynn, J. H. Millett,
Mary Gilroan. W. C. Stevens, Mamie Mcln
tyre. Louis Westerfeld, Mrs. J. Thibault. Mrs.
F. Partlan, Miss Ruth Partlan. From Ala
meda—Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Ross. Mrs. J. J.
Kelly. From Detroit, Mich.— Nettle Biel, Jen
nie V. Gilbert, L. Biel, Mrs. F. Bartles, Miss
A. Hogan. From New York— Hon. Mr. Knee
ley, H. R. Ayers and wife. William M. Marble.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— Among the recent
arrivals at Gilroy Hot Springs are: From San
Francisco— Mrs. William Robinson, F. W.
Henry, B. F. King. Miss Marie Lange,^Mra.
E. Wise. W. R. Goodman, F. S. GJbbs, T. H.
White, Misses Frances and Margaret Harris,
August Yunker. i From Hollister— John «Ie
nasco, Jean Liron, F. A. Schultze, Henry O.
Wurtenberg. T. W. Payne, B. F. Johnson, Fred
Jackson. A. N. Fields. Eugene V. Goubert,
A. C. Bang, Professor H. Wismer. Miss M.
Kelly, Mrs. Henry Woods, Miss B. Mullin,
Paul Ridley, Mrs. S. Waters, C. Michalis. John
P. Casey. C. Goetjen, Henry M. Warren, Mrs.
Joseph Moore, Master Freddie Moore, Jame<?
Wllkins, Miss Nellie I. Jones, Henry E. Roacne,
Mrs. M. Arnold. Hugh S. Currier. C. Peterson,
N. Fahey. Mrs. M ; Miller, Miss Elsie Miller,
Miss C. J. Donnadier, D. . M. Fraser. Thomas
J. Clarke, P. Wall. Miss C. Butler. Harrj" New
man, P. . S. Robinson. From Oakland— W. J.
Sperb, Miss A. Anderson.' Mrs. E. Johnston,
M. R. Sullivan. From Alameda— Miss Metha
Peterson. Miss M. Story. Peter Peterson, A.
M. Swanson and 8on,,F. W. Potter. From San
Jose— James Lamb, Mrs, E. Becker Miss
Theresa Straus, Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Straus,
Mrs. J. Lamb. Mra r ' G. M. Murphy, -S. J.
Schnider. From Watsonville— R. S. Tuttle,
James Griffin. Chris Hoffmann. T. J. Mercer.
Miss E. .Carter. From Fresno— Otto Bienek,
H. Steens.' From Santa Cruz-M. Milllch D.
Williams, C. R. Slaysman. From Berkeley-
Niels J. Nlelson, W. McGill. From Gilroy—
James Kannely Jr.. W. S. McGill. Willis Bur
ton, A. R. Allen. Nels Dyer, Mrs. J. E. Kan
nely. Mrs. W. Butler, Miss Marie Clark, John
Clark. ' ¦"'.• i. • . _ ¦
SARATOGA SPRINGS-Registered at Sara
toga Sprlnurs during the past week were: Miss
M. Scl.urbye. W. L. Hass. River Creek; J.
Auerback. San Francisco; Elmont Brooks and
wife, Santa Rosa; .Leon Levy and wife J. M.
Browning, San Francisco; W. H. Rodda and
wife. Oakland: Selina Bait, Berlin: G. Levin.
Sacramento; F. W. Zettle and wife. Watson
,ville; Mrs. H. Lienanan, Santa Rosa; i Emil
Kuruger, Henry Sllglay, J. H. Flathmam.
Gus Borries, Peter Breade, N. J. Tobla, wife
and dausrhter,- San Francisco: Miss May Reda
meyer. Vichy Springs; Mtss .T. Menasser. ban
Francisco; Miss Duncan, Mrs. J. Duncan. Miss
Minnie Stolz, Miss! Rose Stola, Vichy Springs;
Mlfs Maud Fisher, San Francisco; M. . M.
•Abrahamson, New. ..York: Klrdine Beane,
Charles L. Licht, Dr. E. F.Schlott and wife.
San Francisco; A- P. Brunner and wife.
JJklah: Charles Van Dyke. . Vallejo: Gertrude
Louglan, Sacramento: Austin McPeak, San
Jose: M. G. Brown, San Rirfael; Bernlce
Moore, San Francisco: Dora Camel; Willows;
Nina Burgess. San Joaquln; James Houser,
R. Kent. San Francisco: . Gussie Har
grave, Pan Mnteo: L. ¦ D. Montague.. Pacific
Grove: J. H. Sewpll,. Los Angeles; John Har
vey. Knights Landing: Mrs. E. Fork, R. L.
Fork... Oakland; D-.Str«uiFsberir.. San Francisco;
F.rma Cox. Eureka: Valnor Blosser, R. John
son, Mildred Eldred, Dr. and; Mrs. Clark, San
Francisco. '' > ''¦•'•:—¦ "
LAUREL DELL— The following Is a list 'of
recent arrivals at Laurel Dell. « From vSan
Francisco— Mrs. F. Levy. Irma Levy. Dr. and
Mrs. Martin Dunn,' Mr. and Mrs. W. -D.
O'Kane. Miss Bess I. Taylor, Miss I. Taylor,
Mies Ella F. Morgan. Charles L. Lloht- W. -T.
Hess, Lou Classen, Sam Abraham, Samuel . R.
Leon. Jeanne Levy, Hortense Levy, Mrs... H.'
Rosenf eld, Mrs. - I. Levy, • H. . W. Jackson, M.
Auerbach, Emilie M.. Frank. .Ed Baohman,
Miss Kathryn Burns, Miss Mae. G. Vincent,
Miys Mary L. Kelly. George F. Kelly. Kendlg
Beane Mrs. John W. ¦ Valentine and family,
Mrs Clara Stein. B. Baruch. F. Triest, # Mrs.
D Bloom, D. C. Bloom. Birdie Tobias, Albert
M' Getz, G.' Rich, A.- J. Rich Jr., Mrs.
Potter, Charles M. Sadler,- Miss Ruth
Sadler Bessie T. Durkee, Lor«tto V. ConwRy,
Marea'ret- A. Schmidt, Josephine A. Conly.
C W. Johansen and: wife. Dr. O. S. Westphal
and wife S. J. Fleishman, Melton Abrahamaon,
Maud Fisher. May CerkPl,.Rosfi Edwards. Anna
Pdwards 'Mrs. A. Llebpnthal. Miss Dorothy
Meinnlger. Nat A. Landsherge'-. Loui« Krajren,
Mrs George. Mrs. St. Mary. Miss T. St. Mary,
E R Smith 'Charles Cockefalr, Ada M. Fiala,
Clara M. Bchlineheyde. A.- F. Thomas, Wil
liam C Olsen, W"odley Bates Rm'th, Loron
E. Barnes, Mrs. Flnley, Peter J. Ffnley. H.'
Simmons. J. Kronberg. J. Weber and ..wife.
From San Rafael— J. D. Cuthbert, W. H. Lan
don. • • .
KLAMATH-HOT SPRINGS— Among the late
arrivals at Klamath Hot Springs are: From
San Francisco— F. A. Grimm, J. D. Gore. Ar
thur Hoppenheimer. J. L. Bronnell, E. F.
Preston Miss A. H. Foster. Richard Bayne.
Mrs. Bayne. A. I. Zekind. From Oakland— C.
R. Griffin, Frank M. Harris. From Sacra
mento—R. R. Flint. From Chlco— John H.
Noonan, F. B. Hauck. From Etna— L. S. Bar-
From Portland— S. Grutze and- wife. From
Klamath Falls— George T. Baldwin and wife.
R. W; Marple. From • Yreka— Geortre Reid,
Frank Reid Joe George. Frank Williams, N.'
T J. Benughan. From Lansing, Mich.— J. W.
Potter and wife. M. .R. Potter and wife. From
Willows— Miss Calder, Mrs. George Fetherston,
Archie Fetherston. .
' HOTKL METROPOLE— Registered at the
Hotel Metrottole, Avalon. Santa Catalina Isl
and are: From San Francisco— Joseph E.
O'Donnell and -wife, Mrs. James T. Fogarty,
Miss N. Fogartv. Dr. C. C. Mohun and wife,
P T Collopy -.J. ' Cpughlan, W. Hlrse, T>. A.
McColgan, MIhs Adelaide McColgan, G. T.
Marsh. Dr. Izelhart and wife. Dr. W. Z. King
and wife. C. H. Hirst. Misses L. and A.
Koch, Miss M. Fitzgerald. Mrs. James Salts,
Miss Minnie Salts, H. D. Cutrell, W. Q. Cham
berlain and wife, S. L. Plant and wife. From
San Jose— Thomas F. Mallory. H. Lion and
wife. From Oakland— Arthur D. Smith. Miss
M Konlg, Roger B. .Friend. From Stockton—
• The Rebekahs.
After the installation of the officers of
Templar Rebekah Lodge on the night of
the 12th lnst., Mrs. Winnie M. Dowle, one
of the brightest noble grands that ever
occupied- that position In the lodge, -was
on behalf of the lodge presented a beau
tiful embroidered collar as a token of ap
preciation of the excellent and energetic
work she did for the lodge while in the
chair- and of the very intelligent manner
In which she discharged all the duties of
her office. Immediately thereafter she
was presented by her. personal friends in
the lodge— and. they are many— a valua
ble ring emblematic of fraternal love'that
is without end, after which she was pre
sented" by tho officers who- served with
her a basket of delicate, hued flowers.
Mrs. Genevlve H. Ashworth, the new no
ble grand, was then presented by Miss
Harris, the ' young daughter of Grand
Treasurer Harris, a bunch of carnations
as a contribution from one who • In time
hopes to become an' active member of the
Rebekahs.
After the officers of "Walhalla Lodge
were Installed on the night of the 12th,
Mrs. Emma. Grennlnger was presented a
beautiful jewel of her rank in order. Then
there, was presented to Mrs. Marks, the
retiring treasurer, a beautiful testimonial
In token of .her faithful services to the
lodge, and Mrs. Lorentz, the retiring
financial secretary, was presented a largo
bunch of fragrant flowers." The" ceremo
nies in the lodgeroom were followed- by a
delicate collation In an adjoining hall.
The new. officers of the lodge : promise to
make this a most successful tern. '
The new officers of California Lodge
will be installed in public next' Saturday
night, on ; which occasion • the following
named elected officers will be Inducted
into office: .Annie W. Lewis, N. G.; Mar
tha Ososky, V. O.: Minnie Simon, secre
tary; Mrs. M. Lee, treasurer. On that
occasion Mrs. Sadie J. Kahn, the retiring
noble grand,, will be made the recipient
of a valuable. token of fraternal love and
appreciation of her excellent work. Dur
ing her t«rm* she has ijonduoted the af
fairs of the lodge with a great deal of
dignity and with a business, tact that won
for, her .many words of commendation
from members and visitors. "<;:.¦¦ ,
C. M. Weber, C. M. Weber Jr.. Heller Weber.
From: Hanford— H. T. Hendricks. From San
Jose — A. M. Barker and wife. The hop at the
Metropole on last Saturday evening was a
brilliant affair. Quite a number . of Los An
geles people came in on the 9 p. m. "fireworks"
boat and took part in the festivities.'
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS— Registered at
Paralso Hot Springs are the following guests:
Mrs. . S. Eurthchlld, H. Block and wife, A.
Block, C. F. Block, T. L. Lyons, A. Brine and
wife, D. T. Keefe, wife and children; Joseph
Mahoney, Mrs. J. W. Raphael and children,
I. iW. - Raphael and wife. J. C. Dunphy, Mar
guerite Howard, R. P. Hooe and wife, R. A.
Doak. R. Ewlng and wife, A. W. Blow, Charles
Levy. Jean Fleming, Mrs. P. A. Mahoney, The
resa Gorman; O. Gorman, E. Gorman, Charles
Crockett, C. Lubln, San Francisco; E. Curry,
Tom Kalne. Pajaro; E. A. Huslng, San Mateo;
C. T. Romie, Milpitas; A. J. Zabala. M. F.
Handley, L. -W. Sanborn, A. Patterson, Wil
liam Korgis. Emily Bailey, Winne de Witt,
Edna Eaton, Anna Belle Lyon, Salinas: L. M.
Dlnkelsplel. wife, children. and maid, Bakers
field; O. Eldridge, Arroyo Grande; W. L.
Richardson, Lincoln; Mrs. E. Farley, Mary W.
Farley. J. Sollver, J. J. Silva, A. S. Souzk.
Jf W. Smith, .Watsonville; A. McCabe, San
Jose; Miss C. M. Ousley, Miss M. A. Oualey,
Gilroy; Ethel Greene, W. E. Greene, Berke
ley; T. J.' Field, L. ; Jacks. C. F. Kempp, Mon
terey; Mrs. J. Steen, Kstella Steen, Oakland;
Victoria G. Cobb, San Jose; B. Bccleston,
Roseville; Mrs. M. Brohaska, San Jose: Mrs.
William Lynn, Rena Lynn. Ed Lynn. D. Col
lins, King City. - .
THE SAN FR A N.CISCO . C ALJj, SUNDAY,.. JTJX Y 2 1, 190 1 .
26
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DERMATOLOGISTS,
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or scar. Wrinkles removed with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow on
bald heads Hours 1 to 4 p. m. Evenings by
appointment. Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.,
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-29. S. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream. 60c; Brahman Tooth Powder, 25c. All
druggists. Large stock always at J. S. Potts
Drug Co.
Dr. & Mrs. TRAVERSE,
Vendome
Central California
San Jose Is tho central city of California. awS
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almadea
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street,
San Francisco, or address
GBO. P. SITELL. Mgr.. Ban Jo—. CaL
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
V4 Hours' Hide Prom Lo« Aug«lev Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTION9 IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Flshlns Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Maitaa "Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradls*.
HOTEL METROPOLIS and CUUNTKT CVCB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL -CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rate*. trai<ra» ai>-
rangements tor camping and Illustrated para-
ph! eta apply -to
XL C PECX Ajrent. •'
19 Montgomery st., Saa Francisco. •
Or 6ANNTWO CO..
822 South Spring st. Log Angel<a» Cal
CAPITOLA
THS BEA3XDB RESORT O9 CENTRAU
California, on Monters? Bajv Now ojxkw
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARS, mcaacer hotst j
FRANK READIER, rept. camp. Capltolst, OaU
MAWHEST
f I II SPFinOS
Healthiest and be«t cflmat*. prettiest plac*
In all California; lots amusements: fla« -walksi
all mineral waters. Rates f\a and tX2 par
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office.
913 Larkin St., a I\ I>RURY & KROEOSR.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Cotnisa. Col, CfeL. M miles by.
stage west of Williams, fare $3. Hottest and
strongest water on tha Coast; temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum.
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging.
including baths, {10 a week. WM. OELGEART,
proprietor. - ' : "
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a Meftarlma.
Formerly Agua Callsata Sprtagrs. - Sonoma
Valley. No staging; 48 mile* via C. -IT. Ry. or
S. P." R. R. Immense rwimrrtinjr tank. Splen-
did table. * Com» Sundays, try It, Round trip.
$1 10. Telephone: expensive Improrementst $12
and Hi ¦ COOPER & SHEDDEN. Affua Ca-
llente. CaL '
RUBICON PARK,
A delightful rammer resort on the «Sor* of
Lake Tahoe. Everything- new. Best b*aon for
bathing on the lak». Fishing and hunting.
Boats, fishing tackle and saddle horse* at mod-
erate hire; $2 per day, or tlD, $12 and $14 per
week. Postoffice, telephone. A. I* 3TRO6T*
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe. Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Greatly improved. New cottagrea, large naTL
Pianos, billiard, pool and other game»{ eTery-
thlng new; $7 per week. Round trip by atmr.
Point Arena, $7. Inquire at Beadl» Bros.', 34
Mission, and N. P. R. R- Ox. 14 Pwnsoma st..
or PR. W. A. McCORNACK. Point Arena. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort oa
the coast. Climate- perfect. On Klamath Riven.
Rates, $? and $2 50 per day: $10 to $11 per weak,
Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery «t.V or
address EDSON BROS.. Beswlck. BisMyou
County, CaL : ¦/.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
V& hours' ride from S. F.t ! miles from V*>
Ilejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural- -
Ida. eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases. .
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake- for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $8 to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID. Vallejo, Cal.
"««THP fiDftVE"- 1 ** 8 Taho©. Cal.. % mil*
iHC UKUVE east of Tallac. Board and
lodging per week. $3l By the day, $3. Meals.
60c. Good saddle horses and the best of livery.
Boats free to all guests. PARMETER A
COPLAND. Proprietors. -
SOLID COMFORT -nOJESSPto '£
altitude. No. foe: climate 'delightful. Large
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths.
Spring water. Rates, $7 -week up. Stage meets
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal.
CAMP CURRY
Makes It possible for you to spend a -week or a
month In Yosemlte without exhausting all your
resources. Rates, $12 per week; $43 per month.
Office, 630 Market street.
YOSEMITE I i
&5O.OO
Or less will cover all expenses of a 10 days*
trip to Tosemite. Curry's Qfnce. 630 Market
street, S. F. . . . ,
YOSEMITE!!
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooking;
$7 per week and upward. F. and A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport. Lake County, CaL ,
WHITE SULPHUR SPRLNGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room,
$7 a week; camping privileges. $1 50 per week.
Address "W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
I STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30: arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passensera for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stase Line. .LV-L*'
MILLER A HOWARD, Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTT— New 19-passenrer Tosemitw
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Calistoga
da'ly (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard. Ander-
son. Astorsrs and Glenbrook: buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstoga:
also to Middletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyville
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
THE LAUREL. Los Gatos— First-class family
boarding-house: home cooking; beautiful
surroundings: 5 minutes' walk to town. Terms.
SSI to tlO a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
McKKNZIK and MISS A. HAMILTON. Props.
j||jff
$1 pci* ,Yc&p*
j Free!
'.Mi Free!
TEST TREATMENT AT OFFICE
B. B. B. ENGLISH CARAMEL
Sold under a guarantee to remove superfluous
hair to prevent Its growth, has been used
successfully for twenty years by the medical
profession in England. After one application
your face will be as free from hair, as tho
cheek of an infant. '. .
ELITE SKIN FOOD— Removes all blemishes
and roughness; makes the complexion perfect;
keeps the skin clear, soft and smooth.
ELITE FACE POWDER— Chemically pure; a
preventive from superfluous hair.
ELITE HAIR GROWER — Removes dandruff*
stimulates the scalp; produces a quick growth
and makes the hair soft and bright. . • .
THE ELITE BLACKHEAD ERADICATOR—
Permanently removes blackheads and • reduces
the pores of the skin. • .
THE ELITE ,FACE BLEACH— For removing
tan and freckles. It ,haa no equal.
Prompt attentton to mall orders with stamps.
Regular physician in attendance.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
Branches — Sacramento, MRS. EADELE
KRIPP, • Manager; Los Angeles, • MRS.- A. A.
RAMSAY. Manager. ' . " -.' • ' ' •
838 Market St., San Francisco.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Post st.. San Francisco, Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for 80- page catalogue (free).
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
Corner Twenty-sixth and Folsom streets,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Courses of. Study to" fit young men for
positions as
CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAKERS.
F8UND3YMEN. MACHINISTS, DRAUGHTS-
MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEAM
ENGINEERS.
Open to any • graduate of the grammar
schools or equivalent course.
A ONE-YEAR BUSINESS COURSE,
WITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For young men and women over 16 years of age.
. MUSIC COURSES. PIANO AND VOICE.
DOMESTIC SCIENCE COURSES,
' : • ¦ . With Instruction . in
SEWING. COOKERY, DRESSMAKING,
MILLINERY, HOME NURSING, .
' INVALID COOKERY, ETC. .
NORMAL COURSES,
' To Prepare Students as -
TEACHERS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND
MANUAL TRAINING.
NO TUITION, except a fee of Five Dollars
per half year to cover cost of materials and
breakages. ¦
TERM OPENS JULY 29." 1801: " "
Office' now open for applications. Send for
Catalogue. * Ht - .„.— ,*- . c , -. . ¦,
BARTON CRUIKSHANK. M. 8.. President.
ST. GERTRUDE'S ACADEMY FOR
YOUNG LADISS.
Conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, opens Aug.
5, 1001. Full Academic Course of studies. Spe-
cial Normal Class . for preparing Teachers.
Grammar and lower classes ¦ graded on . State
Schools. Modern building; steam heated;
lighted by gas; large exercise grounds; lbca-
'tion unsurpassed for health. Communication
by several lines "of steatners. - ¦ ¦ ¦
(Vddress MOTHER SUPERIOR. Rio Vista, Cal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to tha
Universities: rare opportunities offered in mu-
Bic. art and elocution; thirty-sixth year: fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1901. Write for catalogue
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College
P. P.. Cal. ' '
HAMUN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
Sun Francisco, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr., also Vassar, Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12. 190L
SARAH D. HAMLIN, Principal.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
AND NEWSPAPER ILLUSTRATION.
DAY AND NIGHT CLASSES.
New Term Begins August 5.
-¦..-'¦¦¦ 424 PINE STREET.
RAYMOND COACHING SCHOOL,
465 Eddy St.. San Francisco, Cal."
Repalrs deficiencies in all grades. Prepares
for Law and Medical Colleges and for the
Universities. Sessions continuous.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME.
, SIXTEENTH AND DOLORES ST3.
' San Francisco. Cal. .«
WILL OPEN AUGUST 1.
Address SISTER SUPERIOR. !
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
2014 VAN NESS AVENUE.
OPENS AUGUST 19. For catalogue and spe-
cial information apply to (
MARY B. WEST. Principal.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,
OAKLAND, CAL. '
Studies will be resumed MONDAY, August
5, 1901. » BRO.ERMINOLD. President.
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
1615 Bush street.. :(West of Franklin)
Principal, GEORGE BATES, M.A.,
Is intended to furnish the best preparation for
the universities or for business to a limited
number, of pupils. Opens on MONDAY, Aug. 5.
For circulars, etc., address 904 Van Ness ave.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the • university, law and medical colleges;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL: '
Xmas Term Will • Commence August It
Major Geo. C. Collins. Commandant.
-REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal:
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
: A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments: positions for graduate*.
105 Larkin st. Illustrated catalogue. ¦ -
. R. L. DURHAM. President
IRVING INSTITUTE.
¦ Boarding and day school for girls, 2128 Call-.
fornla St. Accredited to the universities. Tha
next session will begin Aug. s. For illustrated
catalogue addreas the principal.
¦REV. EDWARD D. CHURCH. A. M.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL. The next term will berin
August 15, 1901. For catalogue and illustrate
Circular address Rev.. WILLIAM A. BREWER,
A. B., Rector and Head Master. : .
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
802 Montgomery" St.. San "Francisco. Cal.
Lessons personally or by mall. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
College San Rafael for Young Ladles.
Conducted by the Sisters of St. Dominic
Opens August 1, 1901. Full - college coarse ot
studies. Modern building; steam heated.'* Un-
surpassed for beauty/ and healthfulness. Ad-
dress MOTHER. SUPERIOR, College San Ra-
fael. 'San 'Rafael, CaL :• '
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* Staging
To ths prettiest, healthiest, moat rcBtful Pl*?«
In all California. . Resident physician. * :v «7
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, ?JS.'h'
*15 and *16 per waek. Call on LEE D. CRAlu,
318 Montgomery st., and see photographs ot
hotel and surroundings. We take Pleasure in
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG *
WARNER. ; ,
CAMPREVERIE,
1 RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
NOWJ)PEN.
cally a hotel under canvas. - 1 _,,. he( j
Table board by the week. *8 60. P^'»^
tents-different sizes-everythtag n 5"r5 ha £*?
reasonable. Railroad fare from Ban Francisco.
offices of the California Northwestern Railway.
Delightful Surroundings and WITTpP
Excellent Accommodations at IT 11 J.*-«i»
MEDICAL SPRINGS
V LAKE COUNTT, CAL.
Certain cure, for Stomach, Liver. Kidney,
Bladder, Skin -and Blood Diseases
Recommended' by Leading Physicians. Tnou
BSS^SStor, and Northwestern RalV
road. Stage from UWaJJ.
RODNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
springs compact.
Main'ofTce^W^fae^lN^^kerr.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT ANT> TOSEMITE STAGE
CO -Running directly through the • Tootamn-
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market
1 Special rate 3 for Epworth UMMJ.' *£&
S F ; tel. Black 3571.
SKAGGSEEZ^B
w staging; waters noted for
Tnpdlelnal virtues; best natural bath in State ,
£££ trout streams; telephone, telegraph. daUy
mail and express; first-class hotel and stage
Service' morning and afternoon. stages; round
*i» a. week References — Any guest of tne paaz
Ilx yelrs*- Farther information at Tra~ler^£
flce. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. jviui^-
GRETV, Skaggs. Cal.
...NAPA... | Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS CaL I
rp H E MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL HEALTH
Rateffio'to J15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
- For further Proprietor. .
OWN A HOME ra T i B & A L U - CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, *30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground tree: .saw-
mill depot, store, postofflce at camp: board
and lodging *6; take Sausalito ferry. *3round
frip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H. M.
GREGSON, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
&yrapffo£fpn0p
Jlffi Three trains daily: 2W hours', ride. A.
Bettens. Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs.. Cal
Lombard & Co., 36 Geary st.. City.
BEN LOMOND.
Park House in the Santa Cruz Mountains; B
minutes from station; fine scenery; fishing.
hunting, fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. ¦ MRS. I. is. HAYES.
HUNTING AND FISHING GALORE.
Parties wishing to go on a hunting and fish-
ing expedition in the Coast Range, where deer,
and bears are plentiful, and trout fishing is
elegant, may find their way out by writing to
G. A. EATON. Lo-wrey, Tehama County.
Flr=t-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air, hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Termsreasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR.. Prop..
OakvlUe, Napa County, or The Traveler's Bu-
reau, 20^MoiUJ[Ojnery_st : __ ; . •
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOT GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O., Lake Co.
" GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave 3d and Townsend S a. m. and 2:45
p. m. daily. For .pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Prop. ' '
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect: 16 miles from Truckee, in an unbroken
forest. Further information Traveler office, 20
Montgomery, or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS,
•Truckee/ Cal.
VICHY SPRINCS.
¦ The only place in the United States where
Vichy "Water Is abundant. ! The only natural
Electric i "Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMETER & CO.,
• Proprietors.
ForrestandheatthiM thf sipppac
near Colfax on U.P.R8. Elevation lust right —
2400 ft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging; food
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. $8.00 a week. Send for
, booklet. Orchard Springs, Colfax, CaL
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal., Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral bath3 near by. Terms
U per day and upward.. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. Lessee. -
~~~ MOUNTAIN HOME.
In Banta Cruz Mountains. Health, pleasure,
fishing, hunting and swimming; good table:
guests at home; never fail to return; send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET, Llagas.
TOLL HOUSB.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests; mountain scenery: pure air. JS
per week. H/ B. LAWLEY, Callatoga. Cal.
HO! FOR THE GEYSERS.
Via C. C Foss' Stage Line from Callstoga.
The ecento rout*. ' Livery In connection. C. C
FOBS, Proprietor. Callstoga, CaL
TAMP TAYf OR Cottages, camping, fishing;
CAMr lAILUK 29 miles from S^F.: in the
redwoods. Call Traveler office, 10 Montgomery
street, or address H. O: MARTIN, Proprietor.
B0ARD.FRU1T FARM
Terms, $6; fare 80c. Bor 64, Redwood City.
¦itir ¦ Perfect
Complexion
Possible, and such things as tan,
sunburn, sallowness, oily or muddy
skin, pimples and blackheads are out
of the question if you use
GREME DE US.
Sold by druggists and general
dealers, or sent prepaid on receipt of
price^ — 50c Sample bottle ioc. •
E. B. HARRINGTON & CO.. Mfrs
Los Angeles, CaL
H W Bmnette Complexion Powder is
S*X **** cqlor of brown skin: it re-
R f moves freckle* and keep* the
H skin soft. Sample free.
$ J. A. Pozzoni, St. Lou! s. Mo.Mrs. Lock wood and Mr. Plumer, the lat
ter from Antioch. After the work there
was a pleasing programme' of- entertain
ment and the serving of ¦ refreshments.
This chapter, which is young but very
progressive, will have a grand entertain
ment and dancn in Golden Gate Hall on
the 7th of August. . .
Ar the mecm.g of California Chapter
Friday night there was a large attend
ance to witness the_ initiation of a
stranger Into the order. The work by the
officers was all that could be desired as
to perfectness and the music by Mrs.
'George L. Darling was as usual, charm
ing. After the work there was a supper
in the banquet hall and a number of those
present made brief addresses.
Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, conductor of Olive
Branch Chapter, and also . grand record
ing secretary of the Companions . of the
Forest of America, left for the East last
Thursday to pay a visit to her ; mother.
She will return in a few weeks, in time
to receive her advancement as matron
of the chapter, for which position she has
demonstrated she has all the qualifica
tions.
;. — — — — —
- Degree of the Amaranth.
Now that Crescent^ Court No. 3 of the
Degree of the Amaranth has settled In
Masonic quarters in Golden Gate Hall,
it bids fair to equal, if not surpass, its
former record. On the night of the 12th
the officers who have profited by the ex
cellent Instructions imparted by the pres
ent royal matron, Mrs. Mary G. Dunn,
gave an exemplification of the ritualistic
and floor work in a manner that offered
no opportunity for adverse criticism and
creating a most favorable Impression on
the four strangers who were Initiated and
on the members and visitors. The sump
tuousness of the banquet ¦which •was given
in honor of the new members was ample
testimony of the ability of the royal ma
tron and her coterie of ladies and gentle
men on the committee to be first-class
entertainers, nothing having been left un
done to make participants delighted with
the extended hospitality. There were sev
eral supreme officers present and greet
ings from the supreme patron were read.
The court will initiate a large class of can
didates at a meeting in the near future.
Rathbone Sisters.
At the last held meeting of San Fran
cisco Temple of the Rathbone Sisters a
number of the members related their ex
perience of how they earned a dollar each
for the good of the temple fund. The
statements were amusing in many In
stances and brought out the ingenuity of
the members In securing the dollar. Three
applications for membership were pre
sented. The officers of the temple for the
current term were installed by Grand
Chief Ada E. Mergulre on the 18th lnst.
I*a Parfaite Union.
A few evening since La Parfaite Union
Lodge of the F. and A. M., the French
lodge of this city, celebrated the fiftieth
anniversary of its institution by a banquet
at which there were present seventy-two
persons. An excellent supper was served
and there was a flow of oratory that kept
the celebrants together until midnight.
THE FRATERNITIES
of the Degree of Honor, A. O. U. W., as
sisted by Lucy M. Qulnton as grand
usher, installed the following named as
officers of Silver Spray Lodge: •
Sallna Cooper, P. C. of H. ; Margaret Morri
son, C. of H.; Minnie Bare, L. of H.; Linda
Malloy.' L. of C; Minnie Hollis, R.; May
Cooper, F. ; Kate Stewart, receiver; Elizabeth
Jensen, U.; Annie Cull/'I. W.; A. Morrison,
0. W.
The officers of Aurora Lodge of the
Knights and Ladies of Honor were in
stalled by Mrs. Emma Quitzow, D. D. G.
P., assisted by Mrs. F. J. Williams, grand
guide, and those i of West End Lodge
were installed by Mrs. Sarah Beversen,
D. D. G. P.
The officers of Aurora are;
Carrie Blackmore. P.; Sarah Davidson. V. P.;
Lillian B. Holcomb. R. S. : Mrs. L«. A. Rapp, F.
S. ; Dr. A. S. Cook. T. : L. N\ McKevitt, C. ;
George Sorenson, G. ; Thomas Christiansen, I.
G. ; Dora Mucha, sentinel.
Those o**W«st End are:
Doris J. Kaplan, P.: J. J. Downey, V. P.;
Phillpine Kaplan, R. and F. S.; Z. T. Whltton,
T.; Mrs. M. Whitton, G.; J. Meyer, I. G.; M.
Levy, sentinel. v^
Officers of Native ' Sons' Parlors have
been Installed as follows: . ¦
California Parlor No. 1, by W. J. Donlon, D.
D. G. P., assisted by J. P. Dockery as marshal:
J. F. Linehan, P. P. : W. E. Rowland, P. : E.
Myron Wolte, Charles M. Janes and Thecdore
H. Forbes. V. P's. ; Charles A. Boldemann, R.
S. ; B. F. Hanlon. F. S. : Henry F. Pernau, T. ;
J. J. Cussack, M. ; E. H. Folsom, W. D. Ho
bro Jr. trustees; J. L. Hobro, I. S. ; A..F. Hol
bersr, O. S. r
Those of Greenwood Parlor of Elks
installed by Henry W. Little, D. D. G.
P., are:
William Dougherty. P. P.: D. C. Crockett,
P.; Thomas Ramus, John L. Dougherty^.nd R.
Kafter, vice presidents; S. L. Aver, T.>J. P.
Conway, S. ; J. H. Foushee, M. ; W. F. Agnew,
1. S. ; L. A. Shebley. O. S. ; W. A. Gahan, A.
D. Scott and T. P. Lynch, trustees.
Native Daughters in Office.
Officers of parlors of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West have been in
stalled as follows:.' .
Calaveras Parlor, installed by Miss Annie
Worth. D. D. G. P.: Miss A. McVerry, P. P.;
Mrs. K. Ryan, P.; Miss E. Garmes, Mrs. M.
Nelson and Miss J. Cunningham, vice presi
dents; Miss Sophie Struss, R. S.; Miss J. Hart
man. F. S. : Miss M. Stoltz, T. ; Miss H. Ryan,
M. ; Miss Lutsrens, Mrs. Bersing and Miss L. "
Moore, trustees; Mrs. M. Snow, I. S. : Mrs. J.
Spellman, O. S.; Dr. Mary Kroetz, physician;
Miss L. Wrede, O.
Buena Vista Parlor, installed by Mra. Ella
Wehe, D. D. G. P. — Annie Boukowsky, P. P.;
Miss Alice Tlcoulet, P. ; .Carrie Forchette, Gus-
Ele Kerrigan and Bello CBrlan, V. Fi.; Dor
othy Huffschmldt, M.; Georgle McCormick, F.
S. ; Mrs. H. M. Greene, R. S. ; Delia Decker,
T. ; Mrs. J. Quinlan. I. S.; Gertie Curran, O. S;
Annie Worth, Anna Hauer and Clementine
Amadee, trustees. . <
Golden State Parlor, Installed by Agnes
Thornafc-le, D. D. G. P.; L. Wedel, P.; T.
Ducker, P. P. ; M. Smith, D. Worsdal and H.
Reusche, V. P's.; M. Tietjen, R. S.; B. Dena
hey, F. S.; L. Unite, T.; M. Ducker, M.; A.
Sturken, I. S.; J. Meyer, O. S.; G. Schade, P.
Buhr and V. von Staden, trustees.
Estrella Parlor, installed by Ella Wehe. D.
D. G. P.— Emma Thlerbach. P. P.; Dr. Lillie
Boldemann, P.; Minnie Kleveshal, Annie Nich
ols and Emily Mclnerney, V.-P's.; Mrs. M.
Katz. M. ; Alice Maunder, R. S. ; May> Harden,
T-: Harriett Hall, F. S.; A. Johansen, O. S.
Piedmont Parlor, installed by Susie Kalthoff,
E>. D. G. P.— Emma Vorrath, P. P. ; Lina Ham
merly, P. ; Bessie Wood, Annie Knaabe and
Alice Tobin, V. P's. : Alma Bock, T. ; Emma
Munson, F. S. ; Jennie Brown. R. S. ; Louise
Jacobsin, M. ; Tina- Paul, Laura Benton and
¦ Gertrude Bibber, trustees; Teresa Cone, I. S. ;
Mary Person, O. S.'
San Lusita Parlor, Installed by Miss Agnes
M. Lee, D. D. G. P.— Anna Lluver, P. P.; Eva
Ballou, P.; Josephine Rosellp, Cecil Zedeman
and Mary Hourlhan, V. P's.; Agnes M. Lee,
R. S. ; Maud Scott, F. S.; Nellie Thompson, T. ;
Luis R. Egan. M.; Alice Jones, I. S. ; Nellie
Xeallagh, O. S. ; Mary R. Bowen, Mary Renet
zky and May Donner, trustees.
San Miguel Parlor, Installed by Miss Agnes
M. Lee, D. D. G. P.; Lou Thompson, P. P.;
Gladys Boswell, P.; Winnie Hutton, Bertha
Ballard and Mamie Fitzgerald. V. P's.: M. R.
Murray, R. S.; Jessie Kirk, F. S.: Addle Klng
ery, M.; Mattle Asmus, O. S. ; Eva M. Bailey,
I. S. ; Mary F. Stanley, Annie Proctor and Ada
Cahill, trustees.
The Eastern Star.
Harmony Chapter of the Eastern Star
maintains Its reputation as one of the
most entertaining: and sociable ones In the
city. The meeting on the 11th ihst. was
one of the most pleasant that the chapter
has had in many months. Notwithstand
ing the fact that many are on vacation
the attendance was large. Several appli
cants for membership were elected, and
these, with others previously accepted,
twenty in all, will be initiated, as all
promised to be in attendance, at the next
meeting. After the meeting there was
served an excellent collation, and those
present were entertained by O. Brain
bridge, M. V A., who is making a tour of
the world afoot, with no other companion
than a faithful dog. He is an entertain
ing and humorous speaker, an artist as
well, and told of his travels by words
and by sketches on the blackboard.
Golden Gate Chapter has changed its
meeting night. It will hereafter meet on
the first and third Fridays.
The last held meeting of Mission Chap
ter was a very pleasant one. and was at
tended by many members and visitors.
After the meeting, during which a com
mittee was appointed to arrange for a
party in the near future, there was a so
cial hour.
California Chapter held a meeting last
night for the purpose of electing candi
dates for membership. . • .
At the meeting of King Solomon Chap
ter last "Wednesday, in the absence of the
worthy matron, Mrs. Wood, Associate
Matron Mrs. Lillian !». Baehr presided,
and during the initiation of candidates
performed her part In such a satisfactory
manner that it called forth the highest
praise from visiting patrons and matrons
of other chapters. Among the strangers
present were Mrs. Margaret Kelton, ma
tron, and R. N. Carson, patron of Har
mony Chapter; Mrs. McPhun, matron of
Mission Chapter; Mrs. J. C. Ayers, ma
tron of Beulah Chapter; Past Matron Mrs.
Marals of Olive Branch Chapter, Past
Matron Mrs. Konifield, Mrs. J. Gordon,
Degree of Honor Installs.
Lucy McNear, the great chlof of honor
Bernal Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen had its officers in
stalled by Deputy Crowley and a corps
of grand officers. They are as follows:
W. P. Teeny, P. M. W.; P. N. Pidgo, M. W.-
V. G. Krimovich, F.; C. Tiedemann, O.; E.
¦Worth, R.; E. J.^Wales, receiver; F. A. Sad
man, Fin.; W. CTIselll, G. ; F. Hochsha*ser,
I. "W. ; J. Messersmlth, O. W.
The officers of Prosperity Lodge were
installed by District Deputy Bowman.
They are: - - ' ' ¦
James A. Connelly, P. M. "W. ; F. J. 'Klatzl,
M. W.; Dr. A. L. Simpson, O.; R. H. Mc-
Pherson, recorder (fifth term); John G. North,
receiver (fifth term) ; O. N. Yeakle. Fin. ; J.
L. Caulfleld. G.; E. C. Spinettl. I. W.; B. D.
Goodrich. O. W.
The following named have been in
stalled as the officers of "Walhalla (Ger
man) Rebekah Lodge of the I. O. O. F.
of this city:
Emma Grennlger, P. N. G. ; Mrs! Mary J
Hocking, N. G.; Bertha Proll. V. G.; Annie
Suhr, R. S.; Lillie Meredith. F. S. ; Annie
Mauer, T. ; Josephine Decreux, W. ; Dora Van
Osen, C: Johanna von Gelsterfeld, Chap.;
Georgia Hencken, R. S. to N. G. ; H. Goetze,
L. S. to V. G. ; Rebekah Joost, R. S. to V. G. •
Emily Breckwcldt, L,. S. to V. G. ; Annie Ap
plarlus, O. ; Annie Iburg, I. G. The installing
officer was Mrs. Petersen, D. D. P., assisted
by Mrs. M. Vann as marshal.
The new officers of Templar Rebekah
Lodge who have been installed to serve
for the current term are:
Geneva H. Ashworth, noble grand; Bessie D.
Munroe, vice grand; Lottie R. Carson, record
ing, and Adelaide Brown, financial secretary;
Virginia Green, treasurer; Lucy Harris, war
den; Maude Finger, conductress; Emma Hal
let, inside, and- Mrs. M. Gould, outside guard;
Alma Isabel Jensen. R. . S. to N. G. ; Mollle
Black. L. S. to N. G. ; Annlei'M. During, chap
lain; Effle Thompson, R. S. to V. G. ; Carrie
Coffin. L. S. to V. G. ; Tillie Stohr, organist.
Bebekahs to X!ontrol.
E. W. Rivers, councilor; C. M. Rice, vice
councilor; H. C. Puckhaber, recording, F. tR.
Haley, assistant recording and R. F. de Lisle,
financial secretary: R. A. A. Summers, treas
urer; J. E. Murphy, conductor; E. P. Kohler.
warden; T. B. Jaeques, Inside, and L. F.
Black, outside Eentinel.
The following named have been installed
to direct the affairs of Abraham Lincoln
Council of the Junior Order of United
American Mechanics:
Those of Golden West are:
E. K..Rountree, N. G.; E. C. Andrews V.
G. ; H.^K. Kellum, R. S. ; W. H. Man well, P.
S.; F. R. Parker. T.; Fred Hlller, R. S. S. ;
F. C. Bender. L. S. S.; J. L. Hazlett. W.; J.
H. Whitney. C. ; J. G. Scott, P. G., R. S. to
N. G.; J. Schrlmer, L. S. to N. G. ; G. H. An
drews, P. G., chaplain.
The ceremonies were followed by an in
teresting programme and address by
Messrs. Stevenson, Collins and -Whitney.
District Deputy Great Sachem J. H. Hu
taff has raised up the following named
chiefs of Althomos Tribe of the Improved
Order of Red Men:
A. E. Wessllng. sachem; G. W. Baltic, senior
sagamore: W. J. Blaisdell. junior sagamore:
R. L. Apple, prophet; C. F. Jacobson, chief
of records; C. N. Brown, collector of wampum;
J. Hanson, keeper of wampum; C. H. Grim,
first sannap; F. H. Pearson, second sannap; R.
Guptill, guard of the wigwam; B. F. Carman,
guard of the forest.
Frank D. Macbeth, noble grand: F. M. Car
son, vice grand: Charles J. Theben. recording,
and O. C. Morrill, permanent secretary; E. A.
Holmes, treasurer; P. M. Olsen, right, and J.
S. Mee. left scene supporter; A. W. Mlnaker,
warden; G. T. Shaw, conductor; J. D. Da vies,
right, and A. McCulloch, left supporter to
noble grand.
Tlie officers of Pacific and Golflen West
lodges were jointly installed in an impres
sive manner in the presence of a large
number of members of the order. The of
ficers of Pacific Lodge are:
Joint Installation.
Following the installation there was the
presentation by Grand Recorder Spencer
on behalf of the lodge cf a past master's
gold miniature badge to retiring Master
Dugan in appreciation of his services in
the chair. Then followed speeches for the
good of the order by the grand recorder,
D. • McSweeney, recorder of Harmony
Lodge; District Deputy Sharp, Installing
Officer Hansen, the grand guide, Major
Blackman; Recorder Norton and Dr.
York.
T. J. Dugan. past master workman; L. C.
Cull, master workman; W. F. Hattabaugh,
foreman; G. Thompson, overseer; F.- Norton,
recorder; G. W. Crawley, receiver; "W. P. Say
well, financier; H. A. Gallagher, guide; J.
Dougherty, inside, and R. Ahern, outside
watchman.
District Deputy Grand Master Work
man W. Hansen, assisted by Grand
Recorder Spencer, Deputies Meyer, Crow
ley, Sharp, English, Major Blackman and
others, installed the officers of Alta Lodge
of the A. O. U. W. in Mangel's Hall. The
new officers are:
The event was followed by a banquet in
honor of the instituting officer, the instal
ling officer and the visitors.
M. Harris, Junior past president; George A.
McKlnley, president; B. Connelly, Charles
Young and E. A. Chllders, vice presidents; F.
Penny, recording, and Walter Gore, ttnanclal
secretary; A. H. Woods, treasurer: Parrtatt
Farmer, marshal; U. G. Shreve, Frank Snow
and Qulnn Bradley, trustees; D. Kelly, inside,
and R. Jameson, outside sentinel, and W. T.
Hicks, nunreon.
William J. Wynn, grand organizer for
the Native Sons of the Golden West, as
sisted by Lower Lake Parlor of Middle
town, Lake County, after the institution
of Mlddletown Parlor No. 211, had the fol
lowing named officers installed for the
current term:
Native Sons to Preside.
Parker Lodge, I. O. O. F.. installed by J. F.
Gibbons. D. D. G. M.-J. Harry Hutaff, J. P.
G,; W. H. Lyon. N. G.; C. F. Jacobson. V. G. :
J. F. Nichols. S. ; J. M. Murphy. P. S. ; V. F.
NorthroD, T.
Templar . Lodge, I. O. O. F., installed by
John Deas, D. D. G. M.— W. G. Griffith. P. G.;
F. W. Stowell. N. G.; E. J. Lloyd. V. G.;
A. Hoffman, R. S.; C. F. O'Neil F. S.; D. A.
Hagens, T.; C. F. LanKeEman, W.; W.
Rotofky. C; A. W. Chalker. I. G.; T. W. -B.
Leland. R. S. N. G.; H. Talbot. L. S. N. G.;
W. E. Creed, R. S. V. G.; Samuel Hortop. L..
S. V. G.; W. S. Berne, R. S. S.; T. J. Young.
L. S. S.
After the installation there was the
presentation of a handsome souvenir to
the outgoing noble grand, Joseph E.
Church, in appreciation of his services.
This was followed by speeches and a ban
quet.
Harry H. Valleno. noble srrand; Horace W.
Hanna, vice crand; Ferdinand Metzger,
warden; Charles H. Crabtree, conductor; E.
Klanders. right, and George W. Cook, left sup
porter to the noble grand: Herman Chrlsten
i?en. left scene supporter; J. K. 'Phillips, chap
lain; M. Buckstein, inside, and S. J. Cohen,
outside guardian: O. Gustafson, right, and Ed
ward R. Moss, left supporter . to the noble
grand; J. Samuelson, right scene supporter.
The following named were installed by
John Deas, district deputy grand master
of District No. 1 of the Independent Or
der of Odd Fellows, as the officers of
Magnolia Lodge for the current term:
to conduct, for the current
term, the affairs of the various subordi
nate bodies of which they are members.
URING the last week there
have been a great many in
/l/V stallations in the 'different se
>^Y jl cret societies and a large
/-Z^~r num ber ot persons have been
I ~~y*^ inducted Into different offices
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 21, 1901.
27
(Showing the latest flounce shapes.)
Ladies' Tailored Suits,
Newest Cut Box Jackets,
Golf Suits and Skirts,
FALL STYLES!
DAILY ARRIVALS!
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
* X I V O L I *
TO-NIGHT— LAST OF THE BIO HIT.
"BABES INjTHE WOOD"
MONDAY. JULY 23-BY UNIVERSAL. RB-
QUEST.
THE
THE TREMENDOUS HIT OF THE
COMIC SEASON.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THE LAST COMEDY
PIECE OF THE TEAR.
BIG TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE FOR THE
CHILDREN ON SATURDAY.
Popular Prices 25c and BOo
MONDAY. JULY 23, OPENING OF THE
Grand Opera Season.
Orders Now Being Taken for Season Seats.
Seats for Opening: 'Week
ON SALE MONDAY. JULY 22.
First "Week— "AIDA" AND "RIGOLETTO.**
7'- Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST NIGHT OF
THE WHITE_HEATHER.
Comnienclns TO-MORROW (MONDAY)
EVENING.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
¦ Will Present S . 1
Steele Mackaye's Greatest Play. .¦
"PAUL KAUVAR."
A hl*h-clas3 Imperial Photograph of B. J.,
Morsan will be presented each lady present
Friday evenins.
Popular Prices — 10c, 15c. 25c. 60c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats. All Matinees, 230.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
BE LAS CO *—> TfiOirS^^T^,
MATINEE TO-DAY-TO-NIGHT LAST TIMB.
The Magnificent Spectacular Production of
MICHAEL. STROGOFF
Bee the "Burning of Kolyvan," th» Greatest
and Most Realistic Stage Illusion Ever
Seen.
JAMES M. BROPHY AND A GREAT CAST.
PUirKC. Evenings 10c, 15c. 25c, 35c. 50a
rfilt ti Matinees 10c, 15c. Mo
..Begmnig TO-MORROW EVENING.
rr* TV T T" T> XT' Gorgeous production.
I K| I KV World-Famona play.
X * ' I ' A * ' X James M. Brophy and
'-. .:..•- . a star cast
OL YMT*lA'£S& r mZ&m
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOCSS
IN THE CITY.
LA MONTS,
• \ : , World-Faxaoos Equilibrists. . -
LESTER~REEVES,
• . The Eminent Barytone. V
\ THE TALBERTS,
Lyrlo Artists Without Equal. '~X~*~
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY. ~ ! v .
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAT. ""!
ADMISSION FREE.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.**
Farewell Organ' Recitals
BY
DR. H. J. STEWART.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. July IT. at S. .
: MONDAY EVENING. July 29, at 1:11.
. . ADMISSION. 25 CENT& . ... li
Baldness follows falling: hair, .falling
hair follows dandruff and dandruff is the
result of a germ digging Its way Into the
scalp to the root of the hair, where It saps
the vitality of the hair. To destroy that
germ la to prevent as well as cure dan-
druff, falling hair and, lastly, baldness.
There Is only one preparation known to
do that, Newbro's Herpiclde, an entirely
new scientific discovery.- Wherever It has
been tried It has proven wonderfully suc-
cessful. It can't be otherwise, because it
utterly destroys the dandruff germ. "You
destroy the cause, you remove the effect."
Parasite Germ. That Causes It.
Baldness Cured by Destroying tha
FALLING HAIR STOPPED.
NEW ADVEHTISEMENTS.
Monday
Morning
Special to
San Jose,
Del Monte,
( Monterey
and
Pacific Grove
and
Southern
California
Leaves Third and Townsend
streets 8.00 a. m.; first stop San Jose;
arrive Del Monte noon; special
leaves Monterey Monday evening for
Southern California. Information at
Southern Pacific offices. 613 Market
street, and Mechanics' Pavilion.
CALIFOBfill S0RTH1ESTERS RI. COl
. LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St. "
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS-7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
1:30. 6:10. 6:20 p. m. Thursday!— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:fctl
and 11:30 p. m.
EUNDAYS- S:00. t:SO, 11:00 a. m.; 1:M, 3:3(0.
6:00, C:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 1J:45.
8:40. 5:15 p. m. Baturdaya— Extra trips at 1:55
and C:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. S:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
San Francisco. I April 28. 1801. | Ban Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. ( Dettlnatlon. I day*. | Dayi.
7:30 am 8:0u am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
2:30 pm 8:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:48 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdal© 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 an
3:30 pm| 8:00 are] and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 amj ~ 110:40 am 10:25 am
[8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
S:20 pm] 6:00 pm 1:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and 1
B:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | f :05 pmf 1:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pml Bebastopol. | 7:35 prn| 6:20 pm
Stares connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West
Fprings and White Sulphur Springs : at Fulton
for Alt rur la ; at Lytton for Lytton Springs ; at
Geyservllle for EkacKs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. KelseyvUle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Spring; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, 'Witter
Eprlngs, Upper .Lake. Pomo, Poiter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley'i, Buckne'.i'g.
Emhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot I
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Weit-
port. Usal. 'Willlts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's F.crlng-s. Harris. Olsen' s. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip ' tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
. Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
Bulldlns.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND DUSTLESS.
Daily Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
Dining Car, Meals a la Cart*.
Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
EASTERN POINTS.
K. 8. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. 633 jlarket st.
sRI m?L l }$2 "TER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pilis
>,f(^^ '« CHICHJiSTER'S ENGl/SH
P' S^*^¥^ lD . P$ D 1El1 <; 5, ld we 1 * 1 "' fconx. seated
Xi SbE^S * lthb! »" t »*»»- Take ao other. EcfaM
rn *** *as «»«a-«r"«s hnb.tlt cUoo« sad I rolta-
1/7" IB B "T ot J—' Droggl»t. €>r kh4 4e. ia
I 2- ' 3? • t TK' I , f<> I r f J> r H e "'"«. Te.tfsa.nUls
\V. f? •»« "RelleT far I^dlc*," <»(«««¦, b/ ro
«A • A turn Mali. 10,000 TutimoaUli. Soldbi
-'_T*ZL •" -Dnnflj*. CkleliesterCheinlealO*;
BBBBBflflflBBBBBBBBflBflflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBflBBflBBflB
I ¦ ¦'¦fini'nFN fiATF i
| CLOAK and SDIT HOUSE |
g Bargains for This Week 1
m Must be sold to make room for New Fall r
m Garments, which are arriving daily £
g in large quantities. Latest style Spring |
g and Summer Garments at less than. |
¦ . ." . . COST OF LABOR .... |
B * : : — : — : : — — * ¦
g Tailor Suits, Skirts. |
B $20.00 Fancy Eton Suits are now $2:50 All-Wool Homespun Skirts. H
I ?9.95 lined, at 95c g
g $25.00 Fine Tailored Suits at $zoo Stitched Tramping Skirts at £
2* .9lJ.4o - O5c ~
m $30.00 High-grade Tailor Suits at n
g ?14.95 ?5.oo All-Wool Black Cheviot g
B $40.00 Novelty Suits, to close, at Skirts at §2.45 g
S •'•¦• $20.00 $5OQ Satin Trim med Worsted g
¦ Odd Suits to Be Closed Out at I Skirts at ?3.45 p
g $3.95,$4.95,$5.45.$6.93,$7.45 NOVELTY SKIRTS at g
n I IJO.'lo, J> * .4o, J^IO.OO j
g Jackets and Raglan. silk dress skirts at ¦
g $7.50 Auto Box Coats reduced^ *^J b> $£$- 9 JJ&'°& g
¦ $I2." 5 O " Tan ' "and" " Black* "kersey m ° st stylish skirts, made of reli- a
I Jackets now $7.45 able silk, at lowest prices ever ¦
5 $7.50 Whipcord Jackets cut to shown. B
% $3.95 CHILDREN'S and MISSES' S
¦ $15.00 Raglans are now.... $8.95 JACKETS and RAGLANS in a a
¦ $20.00 Raglans cut to ....$12.45 large, elegant variety, from .. ¦
¦ Odd Jackets to B s Closed Out for H
I |s,. 5 .,.. 9 5.^. 8 , 93 .^| I AT 25c 0N THE D0LLAR • a
m Capes. I = . I ¦
g $2.00 Black Cheviot Capes, 27 T o CLOSE CUT R
gg inches long, at 65c . g
B $5.00 Fancy Trimmed Capes, to $1.00 Percale Waists at 35c ¦
3 i C]OS % , at ,• • S lu'h"" ' * ?* 45 $i- 2 5 White Pique Waists. . . .45c g
¦ $7.50 Black Cloth Capes, fancy I c -ti m t> . S
g trimmed, ./ ..$4.95 $3-O0 Silk Moreen Petticoats at g
5 $5.00 Fur Collarettes at. . . .$2.4."> • • - • • : - - • - • • JJ™ H
£ $7.50.Mink Collarettes at. . .$4.95 $5.00 Silk Crepe Waists at $1.95 g
g 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET, g
HHBBaBHBHBBHHHBaaBBHBlHBHfllEBHflBaBBBUB
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge; JAS. F. GRACE, Slipper
TO-DAY,
Sunday - - - - July 21.
Open Stake
OF
NOMINATIONS.
$1000 TOTAL PURSE $1000
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10 a. m.,
11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets flve minutes later, j Returning
at 4:45 p. m. and after the- last course. San
.Mateo electric cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION 25e. LADIES FREE.
MONDAY EVBNING. JULY 29th.
WELCOME RETURN. SPECIAL ENGAGE-
MENT OF. THE FAVORITES.
MR- JAMES AND THE -
IMF^Ii f NEILL
1 W Wl Mm4Mm*J COMPANY.
Presenting: the Highly Successful Comedy
- — OF—
REBELLIOUS SUSAN.
By Henry' Arthur Jones. •
SPECIAT BARGAIN MATINEES Every
OrtVIAL, Thursday, 25c and COc reserved
• Fyj 3 -;;:™- ••••••25c. «5c. we. 73c, «
SAT. MAT 25c, 50c. 75o
. SEATS READY THURSDAY.
FISCHER'S cot iS=57 Ion^ SE -
CHARITT MARTIN. G. S. WANRELL
Pletro Buzzi. James J. MackeyT Clinton Mont-
gomery, the Kelcey Sisters. Baby Ruth. Miss
Alice "Wren and Clarence Lyndon and Hlnrlchs*
Orchestra. Reeerved Seata 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
. V V OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAIX.Y from 7 a. rn. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from-7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c. . CHILDREN, 6c.~
Bathing, Including: admission, 25c. Children, 20c.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
¦BE" TO-MORROW
T NIGHTS EACH WEEK MATINEE SATURDAY.
W^k. m t^fc «—r J~* TTT From a run •
slIRrLl of flve m° n t ns
1/1I\L»V1 i n New York.
THE THE
DISTI>GUISHED S>VEfiTEST
IRISH SINGER ON
COMEDIAN, THE STAGE.
MR. CHAUNCEY
IN HIS LATEST
COMEDY SUCCESS,
GARRETT
O'MAGH
Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU. Manager.
The play will be presented here with the
great cast, all ot the magnificent scenery and
grand effects that characterized Mr. Olcotfs
long and successful engagement' of flve months
in New York.
HEAR OLCOITS NEW SONGS.
IBlllllI
TO-NIGHT— LAST PERFORMANCE.
' '"-¦ FLORENCE ROBERTS. '
IN ¦ ' ¦ ' . ¦
"THE SCHOOLjOR SCANDAL."
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) and AH Week,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESBT,
In a Notable Revival of : Augustln Dal/a
¦ Comedy, ".-
THE COUNTRY GIRL
Only' Matinee Saturday. •• Seats 'on Sale Six
- Days in Advance. ¦
NEXT— The Favorite Drama, "CAMILL.E."
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Farry.
Commencing April 28, -1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. •9:30. 11:00 a. m.
12:45, *1:45, 3:15. 4:15, 5:15, *6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
6UNDAYS— 7:00, J-.."a. *3:00. •10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m., 12:45; "1:30, •.•:30, *3:45. 6:00, 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. rn. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. . - ¦ . -
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — »5:25. 6:27, 7:47, 8:15, 10:15
». m.. *12:2Z, 1:15, 2:20, »3:33. 4:40, 6:30 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. . . -
BUNDAYS-6:15. »S:00. 9:«. »H:00,a. m., 1i
rq., 1:00. 2:15, *3:30. 4:30. »5:45. 6:45. 7:S0. 10:10
p. m. •
Trains marked •<•) start from San Quentin. •
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:»
a. m:. 12:35, 1:45, 2:45, 3:50, 5:10, 6:20 p. m. ¦ ;
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
arvl Saturdays at 7:10 and- 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00, 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:18,
1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:C0. 6:15, 7:15. 10:30 p.m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:65 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. . Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion*. - .
- 5:15 ¦ t>. m. week days ¦ ISaturdays . excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. . - ; . -.< -
• 6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero • and way stations,
JO a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains leave wml «••«• 4«» io nrrlv* n»
' OI»ln Uik. Foot of iJ»rk«t Street)
X.*jl\k — From Jck It. 1801. — iemti
. 7:OO a Benida, Suisua, Elmirm and 8*cr»-
menu* 6-25r
t:OOA V»cmrllle. Wicter». Kutun^y 7:55j-
Z iUo a M arti i,e/. 4au Uiumn, V^liejo. Ka.pm,
Calishfa and Hmi ba Uoea 0:S5r
8:00a Daris, W oodlaed. Knigbtt Landing,
Marjerilif. ortniile. TiS-lr
8:OOa Atlantic l.jivew— Og.'.eu and East 12:23p
»:O«a NCes, Lathrop, Stockton 7i2»r
SiVOAKUes, Slcmdota, Uanford. VisaUa,
PorterTiUe 4:55p
• :8«a ShasU Erprce*- Da»I«, Williams (for
Bartlett Sprinc*). Wiliowa, Ked
Bluff. PortUiKL 7:53r
¦iSOa fi»u .lose, Litennore. Stockton,
lone, baerauiruto. Placrrrille.
M k rj -s t il I e. OUico. Ue d Uluff 4 iZ3 p
8iSOa Oakdale. Chinese (Yceemlte). So-
nora.Cariert _. 4iSSp
«:O«a liny ward, HiUt and Way 8tatlou«l. 1 1 :-*V3a
»iO«»a VaUejo la:23r
. WiOu* Los An^ele* Ez)«eu — MarUiiez,
Traej-. Latlirop. htookton. MeTCfd
Fresuo aud Lob Acgeiea 7:25p
0:S*A Vallrjo. Martin** aud War Station* ?<33p
I «;« o a Tlie Overland lAmlusA-Ogito, Den-
ver, Oir aha. Chleago 6:5Sp
tl:«»Op Sacrameuht Uittr 8t««inan )3i00a
3:3up Hayward, Mln and Way Ntatlons .. 7:55p
4.««r lirnicia. Winter*. Macramenlo,
Wooillaiid, K nil lit* Lauding.
M»r>«Tilie. OtotiJIe 10:35a
4:<lOpM»itlnrr.. Man IUmnn. Tallejo,
Naua, <!i>.li(toca. Saiita tloca «i*5a
4 :OOp Nile*. LiTermore. Stockton, Lodi... lS>»3r
4:U»r tUj-»rard, xMi«, fan .limr. Urermore t*»:»5*
4 > Sop Port Cos -a. Tracy. Uit brop, Btotktca 1 ««*3 A
3:«t»p Tlie Owl Limited— Fresuu, Tulare,
lkikenfield, hangiia fur SaoU Bar*
bara. Lot AnS'-ins S:33i
OrOOp Martinrz. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
eed. Fresno lS:S3p
*r«H»p Yosemite l*x«4p
&:3up New Orleans Express— Mendota,
Fresno. Bakersneld. Los Acceles,
D.roicg, £1 1'aeo, Kew Orleans
and East 7:55a
*v:o«p n»j«aru. Mlee and Sau Jose ?iS3a
t«:O«r ViJlejo 11:234
ViV«rOrienUl Mall-Ogden. Coerenne.
Omaha, CUictgo 12:23p
«:©Op Oriental Jlall— Ogden. Deovev.
St. Louis, Chicago 4:*3p
?iOOp Oregon aud California Kz|>resc,8a«.
rameutii Marysvllle, I(e<l<lln(,
rortlaixl. I'uget Kom>d and ICast S:33a
8i«3pBan Pablo. Port Costa, Martloci
and Way BUUous 11:25a
r t»?OSP Yalleju 7iS3p
COAST LINE (Narrow Uaagc).
(Foot of Murket atreet.t
' JT:4»a Santa Cmz Excursion to n»ata Croz
and Principal War Stations J*«03p
8:1 &A »nark.O>-utrrTllie,!Han.lote, Felton,
ltoulderOrr«k,baiitaOruxandWay
Stations 3.30P
t*il Op »w«k, Cent«rville. Sau Jose, New
Almaaen, Felton, Moulder Creek,
Bauta Crux and Principal War
Stations IO|50A
4 il ."»»• Newark, Han Jn««, Loa Gatoa. ...... fS<»« a
««sl»p GlfEwood, Boulder Crwk, Santa Crur <S:3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from Eli mSCISCO— I oot of Ktrket Strut (Slip 8>—
t7:lt »<«0 11:00A.M. 1:03 1:03 6:16r.«.
tr»m CkllltS— r*st«ltrsaswaj.— 1«:00 JB;00 tS:OI
10:00 t.M. »:C9 2:23 i:C3r.M.
COAST IjINE (nri»ad (ianjre).
(Third mid Townsend Sto.)
e>l«A San Jose and Way Stations. «i30a
<?i««a 8au Jose ami Way fitaU..ns liKOp
/7:A«A New Aluiaden. / 4tl0fl
J~ia«A Sunday Excnnion for San Jew.
Bacta Cruz. I'acific Grora and
Principal Way Stations !&<*•*
••••Ahau Jose. HoUlster. Hauta Cmz,
Pacliic <jti>«e, Balintt, San Lull
Obispa Santa Barbara aud Pxln. '
diaii>itencie<lUt*.SUtii.iis 7sSOr
1*iS0A Ban Jose and Way Stations.. 6:3Or
¦ I:S«A Han .lose mid Way Mtattinn SlSOP
fXttbr San Mateo, Uedwood, M-nlo Park,
Palo Alto. Kanta Clara, Han .lose.
Hoi' inter, Sauta Crux, Salinas,
Mouierryaud I'acific <irn»B 1IO:43a
aiSAp Ban Jose, Tres Pinoe. Santa Cmz.
Pacific Grove aud VTay Stations 4:IOp
f4tl5p Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations »:43a
13:0«r San Jose, Los Gstoe and Principal
Way BUUons j»tO«A
ft<S«p San Jose aud Principal Way Stations »:36a
«,UOF Bedwood, Ran Josa, Gllroy. Salinas,
Sauta Bsrbera, Los Angeles 1O:O3a
6tS«p San Jose aud Way Stations fKtOOA
»1lt43p Ran Jost and Way fiutlous 7:30y
A for Moriiiiig. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. I ftnnday only.
• Saturday only. € Monday.
• Bfttsrday (Al Bandar. / Tueedajz and Fridays.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave M*rket-«treet Ferry Depot.
Local I Lim'd 1 Ovrl'd I Local
Dallr I * I Da»y I Dally
I*. t«a Fran! ":2fla J:00a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 110:18 a ll:« a 11:10 p 7:H p
" Merced .. 12:2* p 1:17 p 1:19 a, 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:C5 a 10:60 p
•• Hanford . 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:C« a
- Visalla -. 3:40 P <=«a
•• BakerefKl «:15 p 5:20 p 7:33 a
•• Kans. Cy 2:40 a 7:20 a
•• Chicago--- i 5:15 p 9:00 p
s for morning, p for afternoon.
•3:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrylnr Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlr.sr
Car« thrcoKto to Cbicaso. Chair Car runs
to Eakersfield for accommodation of lo-
cal flrst-da.ES -pass enters. No Becond-clans
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
Snc train arrives at 6:55 p. m. Tuesday and
4:20 p. in. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
¦ CorreEponfllnr train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
8:00 p. m. 1« th» OverlaniS Express, with
tlrourh Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Tree Recltnlnsr Chair Car* to Chicago:
nlso Palac* FJeeper. which cuta out at
Freroo. Corr^epondina; train arrives at
t:E5 p. rn. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakerffleld Local, etopplnf
at 8 II pclnts in Eaa Joaquin Valley. Cor-
re»p«ndlnir train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Office*— 641 Market street and In Kerry
Depot. San Fr&ndsco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
IbttV •
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Ti» fiaasaUw rerrp— Psst af Market St.
7^^-? WEEK DATS < f^trja:
MOa.m.) f 12:15 r. u.
9300 a.m. I 1:15 F. U.
USO jl. m. f SUNDAYS 4*0 r.U.
ISiQr. m. I 6iWP.M.
2£'j r. m. J I 7:10 P. K.
rare, tia Pn*tU** to SastsxM ae* BMern, tl .4* ' -
Tlctet Office. €a Market St.. & Sansalito Ferry;
Telephone for seats-Park »
Amateur Night, Every Thursday.
THE MAID OF THE AIR.
LUNETTE^
MAMMOTH ZOO.
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
AMERICA'S GREATEST PLEASURE RB-
- SORT. ' - . •
CHUTES and ZOO
ADVERTISEMENTS.
9
Dry Goods '^gip Company.
OPENED FOR SHOW ON MONDAY MORNING.
NEW ARRIVALS — SILKS AND CURTAINS.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
EE. Goner Geary and StooHon Streets, San Francisco.
UNION SQUARE.
Silk and Woolen Dress Skirts,
«^ SAN FRANQSCO OMAHA
Sf\g^k ' fi\ LOS ANGELES DENVEE
BsW Bw r • j^ gL %bL m JrV^LiN OA>O V-*i X X
WEEK COMMENCING THIS (SUNDAY) MATINEE, JULY 21.
ANOTHER NEW AND NOVEL BILL.
THE RENOWNED COMEDY STARS
=STANTON AND MODENA^
Presenting Mr. Stanton's Successful Satire, " FOR REFORM." ,
Important Engagement of A T\/f T^nP A The Famous
the European Celebrity > « r\ 1V1 £L 1 r\m m SPECTACULAR DANCER.
' - First Apoearance on the Pacific Coa^t of
Will H.-MURPHYand NICHOLLS-Blanche
In Their Hilarious Skit, "THE BIFURCATED GIRL."
American Q ODOOTfT VMC Musical Eccentrics from
Debut of the •••O X> Xl VI \J IV JU 1 il O«». the A hambra, London.
Initial Bow of the Ffl F HFYIMARTI I ltrcducinft His Famous
Ventriloqu al Comedian " Lll> ' * " L ' 'l^l^l^»« Moving Fifeures.
The World-Famed 'Cellist, LAST WEEK
Chevalier Enrico Mario ' OF THE
SCOCNAMlLlTO DAIVIM BROTHERS
In New Selections. • NovsltV Acrobats.
Most Heartily Received, The Great American
Charles Leonard » I f^ fT* O A jr* {Lfl
PIFTrUPR BIUUKAfM
"Lt I vnER with a New f erics of Interesting
Or'ftinal Mo^olnftist. ' Views.
Parquet. 25 cents, any seat: Balcony, 1<) cents: Children, 10 cents any part, except re-
served. A few front Orchestra rows reserved, 50c; front rows of Balcony reserved, 25c.
(^VPALACE/-^,
p^HOTEL^** 8 ]
Connected by a covered pas-
sageway and operated Jointly
under one management on the
American and European plans. -
1400 rooms; 900 with baths.
L^GRAND%^
y^jF- MOTE L. \/^THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 21, 1901.
28
SAN FRAXCISCO CALL.
nUErNESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until IS o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister street: open until 9:30 P- nx.
61£ Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth: open
until » p. jn.
206 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2y« Flllmore ftreft: open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES^
CENTRAL Helhodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
elon at., between «th and 7th.— Dr. S. U.
HutsinplHer. the pastor, will conduct the
«ervioe8 of worphin at 11 o'clock, and Rev.
Dr W P Tairkield will preach. Mr. Rolla
V 'Watt will conduct the Sunday school ser-
vice at 12:45. Love least service at S 0 clock.
No evening service.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, cor. Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento st.— 11 a. m.. Rev. J.-
W. Bashford, V. D., will preach. -:45 p. m.
Rev. James Henderson, D. D.. will preach.
No seat* reserved. Come early. ¦
CALVARY and St. Jobn'« Presbyterian
churches wership together at corner of Cali-
fornia and Octavla streets. Rev John Hemp-
hill, D. D., pastor. Rev. E. M. Baylor. D.
IX. Cambridge Mase.. will preach, in the
morning. Rev. W. B. Palmone. D. D. St.
Louis Mo, will address the Sabbath school
after the morninir service. Rev. G. W.
Kirby. Bt.. Montreal, Canada, will preach
in 'he evening, topic, "Young People's Move-
ment or the Twentieth Centruy.' Sabbath
school, 12:30. Christian Endeavor. 6:30. Wed-
nesday evening service. 8 o'clock. .AH are
cordlilly Invited.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
—Rev. Frederick W. Clampett. D.D.. rector.
Holy communion. 7:30 and 11 a. m. Morning
iservi'-e 11 o'clock. Evening prayer, 4 o clock.
Friday BenMee for army and navy at 11 a. m.
Ppeolil musical service July 28. 1901. at 7:45
p. m.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Poet and
Mason 8 t8.— Rev. George C. Adams. D. D.,
paster. Rev. William Kincaid. D. D., will
preach. At 11 a. m.. tonic. "The Hidden
Man of the Heart": at 7:45 p. m.. topic.
"Jacob— a Character Study." All are cordlal-
lr invited. '
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett Ft,
near 23d.— Morning, 11. sermon by Rev. G. T\ .
Kerr. B. A., and duet by Rev. G. W. Kerr.
tenor, and Rev. G. R. Turk, bass, of Mon-
treal. Canada. Evening, 7:45. sermon by Rev.
J. George Gibson, "Personal Religion."
Barytone »olo by the pastor, "Christ Is
King" (Lowing). Valencia or Mission st.
care. "
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 253 Suttor St.. between Kearny st and
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m. : subject. "Truth." Sunday school
for children at the same hour. Wednesday
evening meeting at 8 o'clock. Free readlng-
room. 206 Kearny St.. r. olO. All ai» welcome.
REORGANIZE!* Church of Jesus Christ, j
Druid Temple. Folsom and Fourteenth sts.— ]
Preaching 11 «. m. and 7:45 p. m. Sunday ;
school 9:4S a. m. This church is preaching
the restored gospel. "Our gospel came not
In word only, but also In power, and In the
Holy Ghost and In much assurance." We
invite comparison with scriptures.
HOME of Truth « Practical Christlanltj-). 1231
Pine st.. near Hyde — Sunday services. 11 a.
m. and 7:45 p. tn. : weekly meetings Monday.
8 p. m.. and Tuesday, 3 p. m. All are wel-
come.
3WEETXXGS SPSPAT.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Fun.. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 60c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them; give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush; teL
2275 Larkin st
AA— DR. JOHN A^ KEKGAN will lecture this
evening at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle. 903
Market et. ; subject. "Blood Tells"; to be fol-
lowed by magnificent views of Great Exposi-
tions. Those attending may procure free
tickets to X-Ray exhibition at Sanitarium,
next Tues. even. Seats free; no collection.
GRAND spiritual test meeting; It free; 2. S
p. m., 10c; Mr. Swan. Mme. Maxwell, Maud
Lord Drake, Stoddard. Kotter: spirit picture
' taken. 909 Market Bt.. rear hall.
A— I. F. T. Bible Society .and Church still
holds meeting at 909 Market; 11. free, 2-8, 10c;
Kate Heusman, 8 sharp; Seely, Neilson,
others.
CHAS. BROCKWAY— Seance Eun. & Thure.. 8
p. m.: full names and questions answered;
every one gets a test; adm. 25c. 299 Hyde st.
PROF. HARRY ABBOTT. Psychic, at Becker's
Hall. SIS Washington «.. Oakland; subject,
"Prismatic Cauee of Life"*; 8 p. m. sharp.
DR. J. L. YORK to-night lh Occidental Hall!
corner Larkin and McAllister «ts. "What
We Owe to the Dead." Come, liberals.
KRP. FTODDARt) gives tests; no question* or
frue»s work; circles 10c; Sun.. Tues.; develop-
ing Friday. 278 Ninth st.
MRS. EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting.
32T.0 Twenty-second nt-, bet. Mission and Va-
lencia; S p. m. ; 10c.
MME. YOUNQ'F demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
3RD lust materializing *eanc« to-night; read'^B,
spirit photos daily. Arnold Dickson, 148 6th.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S test circle Friday eve..
2T>c: fittings daily. 13« West Mission, nr. Uth.
MRS. GILLJNGHAirB rplrftual meeting, 8:15
p. m. ; bring eealed questions. 305 Larkin st.
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay, near Larkin—
Circles to-night S o'clock; Tuesday, 2 p. m.
VAN UKKN free lecture on palmistry, with
free readings, 8 this evening. 423 Ellis st
JOHN gLATER-Clrcle; 25c; to-night 8O5
eharp. 1RC9 Stockton st. near Greenwich.
¦EARLITS gearx-e to-night. 318 Ellis «t
MEETIXO NOTICES.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. T'i"Vktt
F.— Initiation. MONDAY BVEN- 'SJ5SaK£=
ING, July 22; two candidates. -lifeJWss?
All brothers cordially Invited. -vw**
C. F. PHILLIPS. N. G.
J. J. PHTLLtPS. Rec. Sec.
JR. O. U. A. M., ABRAHAM LIN- tf'"«Bl
COLN Council No. 2 meets every B #^ id
THURSDAY EVE. in Seven Pines ¦ JhYSt
Hall. Alcazar building, 120 O'Far- fi'ftsSp'yl
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association— Thi»
cbove association will hold Its regular annual
I.icnic on SUNDAY. August 4, 190L at Shell
Mound Park. Berkeley. Very valuable gate
prize* are to be given, including a Domestic
sewing machine.
REV. W. E. COPELAND, president Co-opera-
tive Brotherhood, from Burley. Washington,
will deliver addresses on "Co-operation" at
lower Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin St.. Tuesday
and Friday evenings, July 23 and 26; public
Invited.
ANNUAL meeting— Tho Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works— The annual meeting of the
etockholflers of the Rlsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works for the election of trustees for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other busineess as may be brought before the
meetinr *ill be held at the office of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
rts.. Ban Francisco, on MONDAY, the 6th
day of August. 1S01. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting.— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spreckels Sugar Co.
m-lll be held at the office of the company. 327
Market st.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the
2?th day cf July, at the hour of 11 a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action *>t euch other business as may come
before th* meeting. The transfer books will
close on Friday. July 26. i«)l. st 3. p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
AGEXT5 WANTED.
AGKNTB— A splendid chance to make money;
our new l>ocket Atlas contains maps of every I
State In the Union and every country In the I
world; also the 1900 census complete; over 400 !
pages of map* and descriptive matter; sells i
et sight; send 2Se for sample and terms to i
agents. RAND, McNALLT & CO.. Chicago. I
VTR will pay any honest man $85 monthly and
¦11 traveling expenses to take orders for great-
est portrait concern In United States; salary
«rn»r*nteed arxl position permanent. . Addreps
World** Art Exchange, I»ept 60S, Chicago, III.
PERM AN ENT position awaits a good sales-
man; must earn mere than $100 per month;
an ex-school teacher. Insurance, ts'pewriter
or liook salesman preferred. Pacific News- t
p*per Union, S27 Market »t., S. F.
AGKNTS— Do you want something more proflt-
RbU- and eerier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
A l'lRPT-CLASS solicitor for city: must be
¦well neoommendefl for honesty. 217*4 Eleventh
et. bet. 10 and 12 a. m.
LADIES and pents for quick selling Article;
Hty and country. Agents' • Supply. 1219 Va-
letirta. st.
• '5F.TCTS can make $2 to ii per day. Call at :
f Taylor rt.
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted Into good homes. MRS. i
DR. FUKXE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda. '
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. I1M Mission: tel. Folsom 1B07.
ATTORNEYS AT L.AW.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections; attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships: deeds: wills drawn; fees low; open
eve's. THURSTON, 100SV4 Mkt., r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success:- collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. £50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St., rooms 2S-2J.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Vet f=t : oonsultatlon free: no fees Jn advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY of long experience with children, about
to select suitable place where she can ac-
commodate a limited, number, would be
pleased to hear from parties desiring a loving
home for their little ones. Address box 2276,
Call office. Oakland. i
A MAN with 2 children. one*14 months old and
the other 7 years, wishes a home for the chil-
dren, where he can room, in private family;
no other small children. Box 3SS8, Call office.
LADY would board child" over 4 years; private
family; no other children; references. 1533',-j
Mission ct.
WIDOW with own home near school wishes
children; reasonable. 4023 25th, nr. Sanchez.
I OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
care;sunny yard ;nr.school reasonable. 1607 Cal.
CHILD to board; age from 3 to 8: can give
reference. Box 2277. Call office. Oakland.
BOOKS SEW A.VK OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 2958.
¦ HOLMKP HOOK CO.. 7r,4-70«i-70S Mission St.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$4000 $4000 $4000
A general merchandise and saloon business,
consisting of high-grade staple groceries,
hardware, hay and grain, horses, wagons,
scales and everything complete; no competi-
tion for several blocks away; doing $100 per
day and can be largely increased; estab-
lished for 13 years; choice central location;
also an elecant chance for a butcher shop
here; rent of grocery, saloon and nice liv-
ing-rooms. $45 per month; owner made his
money here and is retiring on account of ill-
health. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1O0S Broadway, Oakland.
$1250— A. BUSINESS manufacturing an article
for the erocery trade; a good seller; snap
for the right man; can make $100 per month
clear. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
GROCERY doing a business of $7000 per
month. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land.
$1200— FIRST-CLASS corner restaurant.
$1000 — Broadway cigar stand.
$1250 — Lodging-house; clears $75.
* ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$750^ — FOR an established and prosperous busi-
ness; experience not necessary; large profits
and no losses: an energetic man can earn
from $100 to $300 per month; might take part
in exchange; sickness compels sacrifice. See
ALDEN & CO. about It. 1118 Broadway, Oak-
Iand.
CANDY store; thoroughly established and do- j
iug a fine business; references, wholesale I
houses owner buys from; the best business
offer for the money In the citv.
SCHWEINHARD, 9~17 Market St.
YOU can be suited in any kind of business by
caljlng at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, 917 Market st, near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911.
100 CIGAR stands, 200 candy stores, 300 grocer-
ies and bars, 400 saloons, 500 bakeries, 600
etores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to j
choose from; call in and see what- we can j
offer. WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market. :
$125— AN upright piano, used one month.
$1000— A fine shoe store; good location.
$1000— Partner; printing bus.: $6000 year clear.
$125— A fine delicacy store; Mission. :
GOLDSMITH & PEDLAR, r. 224, 927 Market. I
$225— BRANCH bakery ana variety store; f am- 1
ily rooms. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777& Mar- !
ket rt. ; established 25 years. ]
SHOEMAKERS, attention!! '—For sale cheap, |
in Pope Valley, 13 miles from St. Helena, a
complete outfit of tools and stock of leather;
also house 16x18 with all utensils for house-
keeping; cause of selling, old age and sick-
ness. Inquire of L. GOTTLIEB, 715 Bush St..
city.
BARBERS— Best 2-chalr shop In San Jose; all
new furniture; must be sold before August 1;
investigate. Address A. F. NOFTZ, 12 East
San Fernando st., San Jose. Cal.
$250— SPLENDID chance to start business and
be independent; manufacturing; goods sell
everywhere; $1 worth costs 10c; $200 a month
easy. Inventors, box 3873, Call office.
$1500— ESTABLISHED stationery and frame I
store in best locality, or $800 half interest;
must sell on account of sickness. Address box
44S8. Call office.
A BARGAIN — Fine location, lodging housn or
transient, with saloon, .dancing hall and
bowling alley. Box 3786, Call office.
ELEGANT drug store; good town; 2 hours'
ride from city; cheap; sickness cause sale.
Owner. 112 Perry st.
MEN and women wanted to Invest In manu-
facturing buFinesa of high character. 118
Phelan buildlng :
STORE and 3 furnished 'rooms; all light; op-
posite school; sell cheap; rent $11; no agents.
_1933 Mission st
FOR SALE— Corner grocery and bar; 4 well
furnished rooms in rear; no agents. Inqulro
1118 Market at.
BIG opening; moderate capital wanting: value
for Investment. AL 103 California, r. 26, aft.
GOOD .opportunity to enter advertising husl-
netis with little capital. Box 3958. Call office.
COAL yard for sale cheap; central location.
PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall Square.
FOR sale— Shoe shop. Corner Fifty-ninth st.
and San Pablo ave.. Golden Gate.
$350— GROCERY and bar; 4 nice living rooms
Apply 3184 Twenty-third st
DRUG store; $750; snap; good reasons for sell-
lng. Box 3785, Call office. -
$400— PARTNER wanted to start laundry busi-
ness. 1421 Point Lobos ave.
$250— GROCERY and bar; one of the best pay-
ing corners in the city; death cause of this
sale. CONNORS & SONS, 993 Market St.,
rooms 1 and 2.
DELICACY Etore; must be sold or given away
633 Valencia st. Proprietor, 36 Geary st., room
6. between 9 a. m. and 1 p. m.
WANTED — An honest ana sober partner with
$3000 in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre- i
Fponding. etc.; cash receipts about $1500 to
$2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY- !
ERLE, German Expert Optician, 1071V4 Mar-
ket St.. San Francisco.
$1000— OLD-ESTABLISHED stationery bazaar,
school supplies and candies; sunny living I
rooms; north of Market; near schools; cost '
$1500; owner leaving city; no agent Box
3M5, Call office.
NO humbug— Lady going- East must sell either
whole or separate 21 and 23 rooms, 1 block
from Market st: also 12-room house near
Van Ness ave. Box 3963. Call.
BRANCH bakery and notion business In a fine
location: all carh trade; very low renf liv-
ing-rooms; very cheap If taken this month.
Apply 1727 Market st, restaurant
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; corner Twenty-
eighth and Church; hall upstairs; rent $30;
must be sold on account slckners.
CANDY store for sale cheap; proprietor sick.
Box 3S10, Cal.
$750— RESTAURANT In factory district: bar-
galn on account of departure. Box 4455 Call.
FOR pale— Small oyster stand; a bargain. Call
8 a. m. to 4 0. m.. 41S%" Larkin st.
WHO wants to Join Eastern pertles in a part-
nership? 10C8V4 Market St.. room 4.
I LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
I A. CAMERON & CO..
E50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
; Rooms 2L 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
I to sell list with us. We have cash customers
I for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
• €3 r. ; downtown apartment house $3300
00 r. ; corner; rent $125;, perm.; trans, rmrs. igoo
24 r. ; rent $110; good fur. and carp; Al loc. 1900
Money loaned on deferred payments; iy 2 p. c.
• 20 r.; rent $75; new carp v ; part hskpg..!... 1200
15 r.; rent $57 E0; fur., loc good; bargain. 900
12 r.; rent $40; good house; sickness; rede'd 4'S
,6 rms.; rent $25; new hardwood fur .... 375
j Over 500 houses listed. Call .before buying.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
. * the city, and pay for It
In monthly payments
from the profits
j . ¦ cf the house. - , ¦
Vacant houses furnished.
[ DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
MARION GRIFFIN, money to loan.
I 719 Market St., by Call bldg. Tel. Black 1803
, 9 rooms; rent $25; income $123 $700
41 rooms; 2 blocks N of Mkt; rent $100.. 1700 I
50 rooms; rent $170; fine apartments 2500 '
14 rooms; V4 cash; rent $40 450
Call at office for list; above are only samples.
¦BARGAIN — 11 rooms.' furnished complete ; rent
i $45. Call bet 1 and 4. 1035 Mission 8t
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
- H. C. DECKER .:
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796-
; 26 years in Business in This City..
..." Offers for Sale and Exchange.
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms., $50 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses. 6 to 600 rms., $100 to. 20,000
40 flats, 3 to 12 rooms, $S0 to.... .'. 750
: 50 private homes. 6 to 25 rooms. $90 to.. 2,000
1 31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms., $350 to 10,000
20 hotels, 40 to 200 rooms. $1000 to....... 8.000
' 40 grocery stores, $400 to 6,000
20 candy stores, $300 to 1.200
40 saloons, $100 to 6,000
10 cigar stores, $300 to ; 1,000
600 other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000
100 'vacant lots, $25 to 8.000
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 60,000
5 chicken ranches", $400 to 1.700
60 ranches, everywhere, $300 to.... 14.000
'. ..To Buy. Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
. £1 can suit you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
, FISHER & CO., 935 Market; phone Folsom 1312.
' 75 rooms; price $5000 42 rooms; price.... $3300
26 rooms; price 1900 30 rooms; price 2250
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price. .J750
; 22 rooms: elegant; rent only $6C; price $1500
! We have over 300 more, any location, kind
. or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
: MORTGAGED HOUSE MUST~SELL.
11 rooms: central; paying $650
16 rooms; cheap rent: part cash 600
I 20 rooms; near Market st 1200
35 rooms; reduced to 650
; 42 rooms: clears $100:.. 1700
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st._
! THE largest and best list of Iodging r houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1911. j
SELECT your house from the largest list In
town — Rooming houses and hotels, from $W0
to $50,000; hundreds to choose from. WALTER
HAYES & CO., 838 Market st.
LIST your lodging houses, saloons^ groceries,
restaurants, etc.. with us. We have bvyers
everywhere. Calif. Business Assn., 8ST>^ Mkt.
$350— LODGING-HOUSE 10 rooms, furnished.
864Mj Mission st.
14 ROOMS; sunny corner; reasonable. 335
Third et. .__
SIXTH. 242— House of 9 rooms; large yard; rea-'
sonable. -
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium: life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough: E11U-
gt. car; sit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RKSUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM,
the world-renowned spiritual medium: advice
in all affairs' of life; lawsuits, divorces,
deaths; unites the separated: mining a spe-
cialty: circles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister.
JOHN SLATER— Circles. 25c; Sun., Mon. Fri.
eves., 8:15; Wed: aft., 2:45; sit. 10 to 4 except
Sat & Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
ist and card reading. 25c. 1241^ Market st
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draw? aflde the
uncertain years ahead ; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible, were It not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied in life, consult ISMAR. for she is a
prophetess of world-wide fame and her name
has become a proverb in thousands of homea
made happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can
be consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. K
Sundays by appointment only, at her office, 1148
Market st., opp. Sixth. By mail three ques-
tlonn answered, $1. Full life reading, $5.
i MME. M. •¦ BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS.
• Clairvoyant and business me'llum, permanently
! locatsd at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life- correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
' happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
I tic. love or business troubles, consult this great
I medium and you will be told how to overcome
1 them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
1 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
I A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST :
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes.'
etc.. without asking a single question: cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid had luck and how to make yourself
lucky; reunites the separated; makes harmony
In your home; gives accurate advice on all
business affairs; investments, mining, oil; read-
ings by mail; send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE.
Mme. Montague, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives advice in all affairs of life; gives,
names, facts, figures, with full predictions in
all love affairs; not cne failure; letters ans-
wered. 116 Turk st. flat 1.
j MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; ne"cr fails; has the rreatest Egyj.
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 2I5>4 Sixth St.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader. 'born with double veil— second -sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
WONDERFUL French clairvoyant; what he
tolls comes true; send 10c and birthday.
PROF. E. GARNOT. P. O. box 672, Manches-
ter. N. H.
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason, medium: teacheu
palmistry and mind telegraphy: advice on all
business; 4 questions by mall, $1; hr's, 12 to 8.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1118 Market, op.
6th: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
LIFE reader; tells love, marriage, bus., every-
thing (free unless correct); send 10c and birth-
day. J. Myers, 91 Lincoln Park Stn.. Chicago.
M. WILLE. crj'stal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings dally,. 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.: BOc: English,
German and French spoken. 215 Leavenworth.
CHAS. BROCK WAY— Seance Sun. & Thurs., 8
p. m.; full name and ques. answered: every
one gets a test; admission 25c. - 299 Hyde St.
UP to date; Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
Ist and reader of human destiny; never fails;
25c and BOc. 1203 Mission et, cor. 8th.
MME. CARLSON, medium and a strologlst :
horoscopes cast; lessons given, 50c; hours 11
to 1 and 4 to 6. 148 Sixth St.. room 22.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor.6th.
MME.WALTERS, great card reader: ladles 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
j Mrs.Mallory.clalrvoyant card reader; when oth-
l ers fall consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth St., 2d floor.
! MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
I ladies 25c, gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana,
only 10c. 262 Minna st., near Fourth. .
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
11MR. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44SV& Jessie st, bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA readp life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. B Fourth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
BEATING. 3c; laying, 3c; renovating, 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.,
CONKLIN'S' Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave,; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgn. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st : telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, | corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COTTAGES TO LET.
J25— "FIRST-CLASS cottage, 6 sunny rooms and
bath: all latest improvements and conveni-
ences; finished ba3ement; nice sunny yard;
cars prss the door. 767 Castro st.
JULIAN ave., 137, near Sixteenth— 8 .rooms
and bath, furnished or unfurnished. " *
TEHAMA, 3, near First— Flat or cottage, 4 or 5
rooms; very central; rent low.'
$20— COTTAGE; 2623 Bush Bt; 5 rooms, bath;
large, sunny yard. .
$17— COTTAGE S rooms, bath. Key • 711 Treat
avenue. -
COLLECTION OFFICES.
Columbian Law & Collection Agency, rm. 85, 916
Market— Experienced, reasonable, trustworthy.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Ajtency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
. DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively . refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South 381.
tl _™ DENTISTS. _^___1^1_^.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold croWns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
. flee hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D... Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions . or fillings by my
wonderful secret painless method; SO years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 30; fillings.
K0c; plates, $5; full set: all work -painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dentnl Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments: lowest rates.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
PARIS Dental Tartars, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR R. L.WALSK,815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 5Cc; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. T?41 Polk Bt.
DRESSMAKERS A3VD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking &^Millinery School^
Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Po<»t. over O'Connor ft Moffatt.
EDPC ATION AL. L
AIRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
penmanship, etc.: experienced teachers; new
typewriters; pc?itlons secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
Ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clscp Business College, 1230 Market st
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg. ;
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin lessons, 50c. W. P. CHAMBERS, 244
Taylor st
High school students — The Weekly Geometry Pa-
pers make home study easy;clrculars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German: pupil of Lelpslc Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day'or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, ' mandolin, guitar
lessons, COc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F. :
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
MEDICAL hypnotism taught to students oC
bo.th sexes; chronic functional nervous dls-
. eases and habits cured. Suite 5,- 141 Powell.
I CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. • .
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s El>ctrio Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE and sales office, 321 Phelan build-
ing. Market St.— Send particulars of anything
you have for exchange, sale or want" regis-
tration free; insurance and loans; genuine oil
lands. Ranch, $100,000; Interest In gold mine,
$20,000; 4 prominent country hotels, $5000 to
$23,000; timber land; rare old books; mining
properties; 640 acres, choice ranch; city and
Buburban property; family horse and buggy;
state jour wants.
23 HOUSES and lots from $100 to $20,000; 100
ranches, all sizes, from $400 to $40,000; 25
stores and business places, $50 to $6000. To
buy, tell or exchange see DECKER, 1020
Market st. ,
WHAT have you got to offer for this? Fine
2-story house of 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 50x
130; etreet work all done; electric cars pass
the property; only 2 blocks from railroad sta-
tion; within walking distance of new High
School and university. Apply to FRED H.
CLARK. 503 California st. third floor.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
j^CpaTneTs ITanirT: wn^^
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; nil kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress de-
sires a situation; beet of references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German woman with girl S
years old desires a situation. Can be seen at
MISS CULLEN' S. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion; best city references; city or country.
MISS" CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
GOOD cook wishes general housework In pri-
vate family; country preferred; references.
Call 910 Folsom St.. near Fifth.
DRESSMAKER would like a few more engage-
ments to go out by the day; no objection to
the country; $150 per day. 121 Shotwell st.
AN experienced dressmaker wishes engagements
at $1 50 per day; references. Box 3843. Call.
FIRST-CLASS American (Protestant) cook or
general housework; city or country; refer-
ence. Box 3S57, Call office. .
YOUNG woman wishes to do housecleaning and
washing by the day; wages $1 per day. 920
Jackson st.
WANTED— Dressmaking in families, $2; chil-
dren's work if desired; good, quick worker.
2509 Mission St., rear. . '
BOOKKEEPER and typewriter, lady, expe-
rienced (7 years), first-class d. e. bookkeeper,
desires position; Al references; low salary.
Box 3853, Call office. ' ¦ .-¦
DRESSMAKER from New York wishes engage-
ments in families; beautiful gowns made in
the latest designs; satisfaction guaranteed.
'802 Geary st 'sj\ -
SITUATION by a German woman to do house-
work by thf- day or week and sleep home; 60c
a day and car fare. Box 3881, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes a position to do general
housework. Call Monday from 9 a. m. to 3
p. m.. at. 128% Ninth st
WANTED by woman— Work by day; any kind
of housework. 414 Clementina St., bet. Fifth
and Sixth. , ¦ ' :
A REFINED young nurse would like to care
for sick or Invalid; wages $25 to $30 per month.
Call or address'593 Ash ave. ¦[¦¦ -
A GERMAN, woman wishes work at, washing
and house cleaning by day. M. G., 629 Post
st, downstairs. ..
DRESSMAKER and seamstress wants work
in families or .helper to dressmaker; $1 50
' day and lunch. M. T.. box 3872, Call office.
iWANTED— Housework by a Swedish girl in a
private family; best of references. Call at
843 Franklin st. Oakland; teL Red 2433.
WANTED— A situation by a first-class cook in
' hotel or boarding-house. Call at 843 Fl-anklln
st; Oakland; phone Red 2433. ¦;-¦•¦¦¦
REFINED German-American girl seeks a situ-
ation as nursegifl; would be willing to speak
German with the children if desired : wages
$20. Call or address MISS LANDECAMP.
Wheeler ave. and Putnam st, Fruitvale, Cal.
HOUSEKEEPER by elderly Eastern woman;
neat; economical cook: used to children; has
city, reference; small wages. ... Box 3870. CalK
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter and
fast-sewer; $1 10 per day:; children's dresses a
specialty. Box 3865, Call office. . ¦
EXPERIENCED ladles' nurse would like to
i make a few more entragements; terms reason-
able: reference. - -Call . or- address .Ladles'
Nurse. 127 Seventh st. ; . raMBL
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE,
; DRESSMAKER with the best references: en-
gagements by day; fancy or tailor dresses
work taken 5 home. . 10 Metcalf place, neai
Mason St.. oft Geary.
COMPETENT French girl wishes a position tc
. do second work and sewing; references; coun-
try. Box 3S67. Call office.
GERMAN woman wants upstairs work or sew-
ing. Address box 3864, Call office.
NURSE will care . for invalid or sick, $2C
! month; city or country; best of references.
Box 3959, Call office. '
WANTED— Position by respectable refined
¦ middle-aged lady as housekeeper. Box 4489,
Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeepei
or ; any position of trust. • Address for on;
week box 3783,' Call office.
COMPETENT woman; has boy 8 years; wants
position ; charge of boarding, rooming or pri-
vate house; not afraid of work; references.
Box 4487, Call office.
WANTED— A young lady would like to obtain
a position as assistant bookkeeper; has had
some experience; object is practice; $9 to $10
per week. Address Berkeley, box 3891. Call.
A YOUNG girl wishes a position to do house-
work; wages $20 to $25 per month. Call 55S
Linden ave.
A NURSE with experience would like a position
as office nurse; can give references. Address
box 3892, Call office. . ¦
BY experienced, active woman, to travel East
as nurse for infant or invalid; best of refer-
ences. Address MISS F.. 2200 Flllmore st.
JAPANESE girl wants situation as first class
cook; understands all kinds of cooking;
wages $6 up per week; references. Address
H. K.. 810'^ Stockton st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O J>"lllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at. . . . ",-
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE.
A SITUATION is desied by a handy man of
fair education, and skilled in mechanics, who
. is of middle age and physically strong; he Is
not afraid of work in any .form, and his en-
ergies will always be devoted to the best In-
terests of his employer; these facts can be
supported by the strongest references; he de-
sires above all things to have a home. Ad-
dress P. B., 321 Jessie st.. San Francisco, Cal.
BY a young man— Situation In wholesale or
large business concern as shipping clerk or
traveling agent; where there Is chance of
advancement; writes good hand; Al at fig-
' ures; speaks Spanish fluently: best of refer-
ences. 906 Market St., room 40.
MIDDLE-AGED German, sober and Indus-
trious, desires work on a private place or in-
stitution; understands vegetable and flower
gardening; milk; handy man all around; best
of references. Address F. H., 631 Sacramen-
to st, city.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly: references. H. H., box 2707. Call office.
1 MAN of ability and experience, with the best
of references, wishes position as foreman on
ranch. . Box 3855, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS young man, stenographer and
typewriter, desires, position: city or country;
experience more object than salary. G. S.,
1715 Tenth st, Oakland, Cal. «
WANTED — Farm work by lately arrived Swed-
ish man, who is handy with fixing, mending,
horseshoeing, etc. Address S., 1825 Webster.
COACHMAN, first-class, willing and handy
about place, wants position; references. Box
3854, Call office.
WHO wants clerk In wholesale or retail gro-
cery? Has long experience and fine recom-
mendation. Address box 3965, Call office.
PRIVATE secretary wants engagement, part
or all the time. Address Typewriter, box 4493,
Call office.
YOUNG man, age 21, steady habits, wishes po-
sition doing anything; one year's experience
grocery and bar. Address T. J. M., box 4495,
Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation as .first-class
bartender. Call at 905% Mission st, room 8.
GERMAN baker wants situation as second
. hand on bread. G. A., 268 Minna st.
WANTED— Young man from East wishes sit-
uation as man about place; handy with horses
and all work connected. Box 3S76, Call.
FIRST-CLASS sticker hand and general plan-
ing mill man wants position; top wages. Box
4486, Call. •
GOOD German cook wants a place In a small
board!ng-house In country; good references.
Box 3953, Call.
A RELIABLE man and wife wish to take
charge arrd do the work in a small place In
the country or stock ranch: good references.
Address T. D., 1519 Howard St.
WANTED— Position, any kind, by man handy
with tools. Box 3S68, Call office.
RELIABLE man and wife wish positions to
work In country, or in city; references given.
Call at 1138 Howard st. ,¦
WANTED— A position by a real handy man;
something to do either in or out of the
house or both. Box 3955, Call office.
YOUNG man of good habits desires position
as butler or valet; city references. Box 3956,
Call office.
WANTED — Place for young German In coun-
try, farm, ranch or store; willing to work.
Address box 3957, Call office.
2 FIRST-CLASS painters, with falls and all
necessary implements: work day or contract.
AddreeB 1234 Mission st.
PRACTICAL miner wants position; thorough
mill man on stamps or circular mills; had
experience on low-grade ores, also with mine
development, the handling of men, and is
capable of taking entire charge on free-mill-
ing plant or construction; have assay outfit
and transit; understands steam, water power
and compressed air; toofs and calculations;
reliable; reference. Address box 3982, Call.
A RELIABLE young man wishes a situation
with some good firm; understands shorthand
and typewriting; wages n<i object; city or
country. Address J. 11., 599 Ellis st.
WANTED — Rough carpenter, work In or near
city; can do any common carpenter work by
day or job. Box 3988, Call office.
A GOOD plain carpenter would like to get
work with a large contractor of buildings.
Box 3883. Call office.
WANTED— Position as packer. CHARLES
EVANS, 30 Golden Gat.e ave.
A STEWARD, experienced, open for position.
Address box 3886, Call office.
A PRACTICAL sweet and dry "wine maker, 15
years' experience, best references, wishes
situation. Address box 3897, Call office.
YOUNG. Frenchman wants situation in family
to teach French, German, Dutch and violin;
good treatment preferred to high wages;
country preferred. Address box 24, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper open for engagement.
Box 3R09. Call office.
JAPANESE) wonts position; any kind work;
in morning and evening. Box 3874, Call office.
A RELIABLE Chinese young man in American
clothes desires a position to help in office or
store; good references. Address box 38S2, Call.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook desires situation
with family; wages $35. Address QUONG
TUCK & CO., 925 Dupont st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese family cook desires sit-
uation; wages $35. 1112 Stockton st.', 2d floor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
. Valencia st : '
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pontage paid. . '. -
__;_ FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. ,E.J.O'Rourke,1393'Valencia;tel.Capp 2682.
FLATS TO LET. .
HOUSES. COTTAGES. FLATS TO LET.
1125 Leav'wth; h.,8r.$52 921 Buchanan; f. 6 r.$30
2118 Central av. h 10r'50 1618 Bush; f. 9 r..... 30
1178 Ellis; f. 8 r 45 2427 Sutter; c. 6 r.... 22
1521 O'Farrell; f. 7 r. 37 418 Clayton: f. 5 r. 21
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
EDDY; 751. near Van-Ness — A well-arranged
upp<>r flat of 9 rooms and biih; centrally lo-
cated. '¦ SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.
218-220 Montgomery st.
O'FARRELL. 1275 and 1277— Beautiful upper
sunny flats of 8 rooms and bath. ¦ with all
modern conveniences. SHAINWALD, BUCK-
BEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st. .:.
SUNNY flats of 4 rooms; newly painted and
papered; yard; cellar. 33. 39, 41 Bruce place,
between Seventh and Eighth sts., off Folsom
and Harrison aves. : rent $8 and ,$9.
NEWLY furnished eight-room corner flat for
sale or rent. . A. B. SMITH FURNITURE
CO.. 128 Ellis st
PINE. .2132 — 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner
2134 Pine st.
A— WANTED at once; tenants for 8 new flats-
.now ready. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
A— SUNNY ' new marine view 8 rooms and
bath.- 2414 Van NesB ave., near Union st.
FLATS TO LET — Conttnned.
A SUNNY corner flat, 7 rooms, bath; central.
1S21 O'Farrell, near Laguna.
FLAT, 1008 Valencia st.; 5 rooms and bath.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. N. W. corner
Harrison and Fremont st.
MODERN bay-window flat 8 rooms, 2 kitchens.
Key 417^ Third St.
NEAR City Hall— Fine sunny top- flat, .4 rooms.
60 Ivy ave.
TWO four-room flats with porcelain bath; $15
and $13 each. Cor. Twenty-third and Castro.
$12 50— 2S9 SHIPLEY, near Sixth; middle flat;
bath; gas; yard; sunny.
$18—1461 SACRAMENTO, near Hyde; flat. 7
rooms, bath; gas: yard; sunny.
$17 50— FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. 57X Hayes
ft., near Laguna; no small children.
$22 50— FLAT. 187 South Park; modern and con-
venient;- water free.
FLATS TO LET—FUnXlSHED.
$25— CORNER flat, 7 rooms, Bath, piano. 2542
McAllister. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market.
FLATS WASTED.
WANTED— Near the park or In desirable part
of Mission, below Twentieth st. furnished
flat of 7 rooms and bath by family of adults:
rent reasonable. Address Immediately box
4357, Call office. ,
WANTED— Unfurnished flat of 7 or 8 rooms and
bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address box 3917. Call office.
FURMTPRE FOR SALE.
MUST be sold at once; new and elegantly fur-
nished flat of 6 rooms. Call bet. 10 and 4,
1114A Leavenworth st
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR .sale cheap— All or part of the furniture of
8 housekeeping rooms. 1141 Howard st.
PUnSITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
W. P. BEAUCHAMP pays b'est price for furn.
and stores. 2 Golden Gate ave. : tel. Jessie 126.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
prlco for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES.
D. & F. nevr $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP AVANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses. Southern California, half rate
$23
3 waitresses. Los Angeles, free fare $25
2 fancy Ironers, half rate
Waitress. St. Helena, fare paid ...$20
Waitress. Berkeley $20
2 waitresses, Sacramento ,J25
Waitress. State of Nevada, fare paid $20
2 waitresses, Madera, fare paid $25
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz $20
Waitress, Auburn, fare paid $20
Waitress. Pacific Grove, free fare $;o
Waitress. Marin County $20
2 waitresses. Alameda $20
Waitress, Redwood City $20
Waitress. Newcastle, fare paid $20
2 waitresses, Bakersfield, fare paid $2o
2 waitresses, springs -.$20
Waitress. Sonoma $20
Chambermaid to wait, same place $20
Chambermaid, country, first-class $17 50
Chambermaid to wait, Colusa, fare paid $20
Chambermaid to*walt. Ntles $20
Fancy Ironer, Lake Tahoe, fare paid $35
Plain Ironer. Santa Rosa $40
Ironers, Pacific Grove, union wages
Cook, country hotel, fare paid $1 day
Chambermaid to wait, San Rafael $20
Seamstress, institution 125
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl, Southern California, fare paid.. $25
3 ranch cooks, different places $25
Woman with a child, ranch work $15
Ranch cook, fare paid $30
Housegirls, second girls, nurseglrls, city and
country, best of wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
NURSEGIRL.. care of small children, office
fee paid by lady, $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady work; highest wages. American
Fruit Packing Co., Harrison ave., off Fol-
soiri st, between Seventh and Eighth sts.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at FON-
TANA BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Francisco and Taylor sta.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry Bts.
RELIABLE experienced girl for general house-
work; must be competent cook and laun-
dress; four in family; wa^es $25; first-class
references necessary. Call Sunday before I
o'clock. 927 Filbert at. Oakland.
$25 TO $35 per week guaranteed; 5 ladles and
3 gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no previous
experience necessary. Caldwell College of Ora-
tory and Acting, Hoover Hall, 1327 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced seamstresses; drapery
. hands preferred. Drapery room, McCANN,
BELCHER & ALLEN. 619- Mason st.
YOUNG girl to assist with grown children and
upstairs work; German preferred. Call at 1212
Masonic ave., near Haight st ¦
. WANTED — A neat " young girl for general
housework In small ' family. 2C23 Clinton
ave., Alameda, Cal.
A NEAT young girl to assist with housework;
no washing; must sleep home. 3573 Twenti-
eth st, near Valencia.
COMPOSITOR, preferred with some experi-
ence in ad setting; permanent' if suitable; for
long-estab. weekly paper. Rm. 15. 23 Davis.
GIRL for general housework; good cook:
small family; wages $25. Monday, 11 and 4,
at 2719 Pacific avenue.
GIRL to do chamberwork and sewing; refer-
ences required. Apply at 1611 Larkin st, 9
to 1Q a. m.
SHOEFITTERS— Wanted, experienced table
hands and apprentices. Shoe Factory. 103
Mission st.
YOUNG girl for cooking and general house-
work; wages $25. 2721 Clay at, Monday fore-
noon.
A GIRL for light housework and care for child;
$10. 3C8A Bartlett st.
2 OPERATORS, male or female, on pants; piece
or week work. 40 Ellis St., room 41.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework. 2829 Bush st
WANTED — A young girl to work. In restaurant.
5 Howard st., near East.
WANTED— Dignified business woman to travel
for wholesale house. fr Box 4490. Call office.
GIRL for general housework; three In family.
Call at 747 Schrader St.
YOUNG girl for light housework; references.
Apply Monday forenoon, 642 Stelner st, near
Hayes.
EXPERIENCED waist and skirt hands. Call
Monday, room 134, Spring Valley building.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. BELASCO
6 HARRIS CO.. Ml Market st.
GIRL for cooking and housework; wages $20.
1536 Ninth. St.. Alameda. m ¦
NEAT girl or woman to do housework; sleep
at home. 120 Twelfth st.
WANTED— Middle-asred married woman for
house-work and serve at table; sleep home;
references. Call bet. 10 and 12. 517 Buena
Vista ave.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— A German or Scandinavian girl for
general housework and cooking. 1421 Call-
lornla st. _.
2 YOUNG ladies, good appearance, good talk-
ers; salary and commission. 24 Montgomery
st, room S. 9-11 a. m. ¦
WANTED — A <irl for general housework;
wages $20. Call at 516 Devisadero st.
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st. _^
WOMAN wanted to assist at housework. 123
Colllngwqpd st. -
PHOTOGRAPHIC retouching taught *ln one
month; terms reasonable. Apply 17 Fair Oaks.
WANTED— An experienced stenographer; must
be a good speller; also young lady for office
work, must be good at figures. Apply be-
tween 8 and 10 a. m. at HALE BROS., 973
Market st. ¦ - . - . ' .
100 WOMEN and girls wanted; those having
¦ worked In canneries preferred; highest wages
paid. GIBBS-WILSON Packing Co., 921
¦Bryant st. - . ; . ' : . .
GIRL wanted for ' general house-work. Call
; Sunday . or Monday. 2595 Grove St.. Dwight
way station, Berkeley. (
HELP W^AyTgQ-^^IA^E-^on.^
OPERATORS on shirts & overalls: Inexperncd
' instructed. Heynemann & Co.. 410 Mission.
A WAITRESS wanted for country. Apply 343
Harriet st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofrtce. 2200 Flllmore su
A BRANCH ofSce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10*»
Valencia st.
HELP WA.VTEU- MALli.
A— MURRAY & READY I»hone Main 5Si3
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
SPECIAL TO-DAY— SUNDAY
R. R. Work Free Faro
Ukiah .'
Cal. N. W. Ry
Santa Fe R. R
•;• Ukiah
laO teamsters, Ukiah Free Fare
7a laborers, Ukiah Free Fara
60 men to cut right of way. Ukiah. wages $2
1° *? 25 day F ree Fare
fn A , NTA FE RR FREE PASS
50 laborers, no experience required, for all di-
visions of Santa Fe Company's own work, be-
tween San Francisco. Bakersfield and Los An-
geles, wages « 73 day Free Far*
w e Ship To-day on All R. R. Work
: MECHANICAL HELP
4 carpenters, rough work. $2 50 day; 2 carpen-
ters for mine, $2 50 fare T.$73
Gang edger man. see boss here; solderer and
man to run capping machine, canning com-
Sf»^. : b fcksmlth. shop. 75c fare. » day; 15
DiacKsmiths and horsesnoers, shops, camos
and ranches, $3 and $2 50. $40 and $50 and fd.
......... LABORERS-TEAMSTERS .........
?« . D ? rer8 - no experience, for a mine.. $*>
h-nSJ 01 *" 1 !, S^i a Co - ** 50: 15 laborers. •
heurs" work. $2 day. 35c fare; 10 drillers; 19
laborers, concrete work, $2 day: MO laborers,
city and country. $150 to $2 50 day...
lo teamsters. Amador Co |2 and $2 25 day
10 2-horse steamsters, 90c fare C dai
5 teamsters. $34 and found
........LUMBER PILERS— SAWMILLS...."..
10 laborers to pile lumber for a large com-
pany, |3o and found; 15 lumber pliers, aawmtll
company $60; 25 men to work In lumber
yards, $2 day; 10 laborers, mills and woods;
crosscut sawyers, woodchoppers and tleznafc-
ers, bark peelers, etc
. . FARMS— MISCELLANEOUS^DAIRiEs' ' '.I
loO farmers and men to work In hay and
5 a « rv - es . t ' J1 *? to ** K-day: 4orchard tearaaters.
$26; o teamsters, large ranch; 12 choremen an-1
boy M 3 - dalr^ men « and * 10 : » milkers, $30
«« $40 \, 2 .?? rd .. ei L enl ' P rlvate Places; atablemen.
$40 and $o0; 2 hostlers and buggy washers*: 2
young men, carriage paint shop.. .
HOTEL. ETC.. DEPARTMENT '.'.'.'..'."
First and second cook for mine, $100 and
found; cook, country. $60; second cook, |40
and found; 8 cooks for ranches and camps
$2o to $45 and found: 2 cooks for dredger $33
and found; 2 waiters, country Jobs, $40 and
found; 8 waiters for other places, $25 to $33
and found; 16 kitchen hands, dishwashers and
yegetablemen; 3 bakers; cake baker's helper,
$30 and found; 4 bakers' helpers. $30 to $40- 3
porters; butcher, country shop and wagon;
clerk for bakery, city. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
59 Third st. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush '405.
50 teamsters for Ukiah, $2 per day.
50 railroad laborers for Ukiah. free fare.
No experience required
Office fee $1. no other expense
FREE>FARE
6 harvest hands. $2 a day and board.
5 lumber pliers, $35 a month and board.
3 men to feed hay press. $3 to $4 a day.
Laborers, teamsters and milkers.
20 laborers. $2 a day.
Blacksmith for railroad camp, $50 per month
and board, free fare.
2 experienced trunk makers. South. $3 day
Office open Sunday till 13 m.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY
OFFICE OPEN
Wanted Railroad "Work
For S. P. and Santa Fe Systems
" We Ship Dally
Teamsters Laborers
Tunnelmen Trackmen
For
Uk'ah Truckeo
£j> v »da Bakersfield
Chatswo/th Park Santa Fe System
•• Wages $1 75 to $3 a day .;..
Ship Dally Free Far*
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary at.
8. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny st
50 R R. laborers. Ukiah and Santa Barbara,
free fare; 50 laborers, lumber mill, ship to-
day: 20 laborers. 20 teamsters. $2 25. fara
$1 20; floor man for horseshoe shop, $2 50.
BARBERS, attention— The proprietor of th»
shop at 105 Fourth st. having failed to keep
regulation hours journeymen who accept em-
ployment there are hereby notified that they
will be barred from working In all 10c shops
conducted by members of the Pacific Coast
Barbers' Association. L. M. GILLETT, Pres.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
No. 148 — Special meeting MONDAY, July 22.
at 8:45 p. m. All members are requested to
attend. By order of executive board.
", ',,— A ' WRAY. President
I. LESS, Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbfers' International Union —
Free employment. 927 Market st. room 207.
I. LE8S. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1173.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
sewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo, Crockett and Port Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
housemen's Protective Association No. 9228.
WANTED— Man to teach during few hours in
morning: bookkeeping, telegraphy, stenog-
raphy, etc.; exchange for furnished room.
Box 4492, Call office.
WANTED— Middle-aged man to do chores on
ranch; wages from $12 to $15 per month and
found. Call at 6935 Mission at. opposite
Ocean View.
WANTED— Sober, steady German aa driver for
bakery wagon; must have experience; jrood
wages; state former employment Box 3875.
Call office.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, waitresses and
dishwashers; also extras; register at once;
no fee; office open Sunday morning. 127 Mason.
14 CARPENTERS; first-class men. Apply be-
tween 12 and 3 p. m.. at 1209 Valencia St.;
wages $3 50 per day; no others need apply.
BOY for errands and make himself generally
useful In wholesale store; $3 BO per week.
Address with particulars, box 3871. Call.
WANTED — A good sash and door maker;
Humboldt County. Apply to JOHN BliES-
MAN. 810 Powell St., city.
SUPERINTENDENT for large institution; Oer-
man preferred. Address, -with referencea.
JOHN WILSON. P. O. box 2864.
WANTED— Young man with some money; $30.
a month and board; no experience. Restau-
rant, .496 Fourth »t
FIRST-CLASS ad solicitor as partner; must
have $100 for expenses; fine opportunity. Box
4485, Call office. - ¦ y . ¦
WATCHMAKER for cheap work at home by
the dozen. Call at once at 22 Taylor st. -
GOOD boy wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
BOY to run errands for a manufacturing es-
tablishment Address txu< 3784, Call office.
WANTED — Under presser on vests. Apply 8.
N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
WANTED— Cash boy. 14 years of age or over.
Apply at HALE BROS.. 979 Market st.
GOOD boy wanted for learning painting, or
with some experience; call Sunday. 3383 25th.
PRESSER on vests. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. S41 Market st
"WAITER— California Cafe, 17-19 Powell at.
FIRST-CLAS9 presser wanted on coats at
HENRY HILP9'. 104-106 Battery st.
CARRIAGE painter wanted. Railroad and
Fifth avea.. South San Francisco.
BOY wanted for electrical works. NE. corner
Point Lobos and Fifth avenues^
RENOVATORY pressman; steady work. 683
Geary st.
WANTED— A good dishwasher. Capitol Res-
taurant. 206 McAllister st.
WANTED— Industrious men and women In
every town to work for ua at home. No
canvassing-. We will send work any dis-
tance. Have several lines of work to give
cut; some requires no experience. If you
can't devote the whole day to our w-,jrk.
you can earn $5 or $6 a week by working an
hour or two evenings. Address Standard
Mfg. Co.. 142 West Z3d at. New York.
CIVIL service Government positions: about
¦ 9300 appointments made last year; probably
10. COO this year; only a common school edu-
cation required; catalogue of Information
free. Columbian Correspondence College.
Washington. _P. C.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building.
I0O MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis St.
TRUSTWORTHY persons In each ' State to
manage business of wealthy corporation: sal-
ary „ $1S cash each: Wednesday from head-
quarters: expense money advanced. Man-
ager, 325 Caxton building. Chicago.
WANTEE-— Bill clerk In wholesale house; must
. write good hand and be quick at figures.
Box 37S3. Call office.
STRONG willing boy about IS years old as ap-
prentice to- learn Iron molding; must live
home. Apply 814 Kearny st ,
WANTED— Young man with experience fn
Jewelry business and good references. Call
( on RUDOLPH BARTH. 141 Post, st.
CASH boys wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 713 ,
Market st.
MEN'S clothing salesmen wanted. 8. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st. ¦
BOYS" clothing salesman, wanted. S. N. WOOD
A CO., 713 Market stments Sea Page Thirty,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 21, 1901.
29
HELP WASTED— -MALE— Con.
GOOD etrong boy —anted for publishing house.
MYSELL-ROLLiys CO.. 22 Clay st
WANTED- Fim-cl*«s soleleather fitter. In-
quire at DOLLIVER BROS.. » Second st
BRIGHT office boy residing with parents. Ap-
ply In own handwriting, box SS79. Call offloa.
FIRST-CLASS designer and draughtsman for
furniture. Box *49t. Call otflce.
BOY wanted In a butcher shop. 2121 Fill— tore
et. bet. California and Sacramento.
WANTED— First-class picture frame Joiners.
1S-17 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
McDONALD U PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for wale; BOc up. 241 Third st
WANTED— Youcg man IS to 20 years of agt to
«et up toys, iiply between 8 and 10 a. m.
HALE BROS.. 67* Market, st
WANTED— Experienced — Tasper for delivery
department Apply at HALE BROS- «79
Mt -ket st., before 11 a. m.
ATTENTION— Wanted men at once to learn
the barber trade; la S weeks we make you a
journ eyman barber; we prepare you for the
examinations before th* Commissioners and
secure you a position; outfit of tools fre«;
having 100 applications for help we offer tui-
tion almost free. San Francisco Barber Col-
lege. 741 Howard gt
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corpe. U.
5. navy; abletndlcd. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
lees then E feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch: able to gpeak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ei;_ st. San Francisco. '
WEN wanted to team the barber trade: only
8 weeks required; 2 years' time saved by our
method; examination and diploma given
free; complete outfit of tools aonated; special
Inducements tills month. Call or write at
once for special offer and free catalogue. MO-
LER BARBER COLLEGE. 6S5 Clay st
GRILL worker* end metal workers wanted.
6. F. Novelty and Plating Works. Bay and
Stcckton ets.
SHOEMAKERS wasted; experienced etock fit-
ter; also roan to run rounder. Apply fore-
nooE ehoe factory. 103 Mission st
WANTED— Clothing and furnishing salesman.
Apply 10 to IX IU Sansome et.
WANTED— A bright young man to solicit for
printing house; rood hustler. Address A. B.,
box 8<30. Call offl— >.
ALL sizee men's eaoes. slightly damaged, half
price. 668 Mission Bt.. bet let and 2d sts.
WANTED— A rcod photographer and router.
Address box 4438. Call office.
WANTED— 100 oAiarrj— oen and rock driller*.
Apply 223 Montgomery st
WANTED— 10 fir»t-clas» lathers, $4 BO per day.
which Is $1 above union wages. Apply But-
ter and Hyde ets.
BAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all part* of
.¦world. HERMAN'S, 2t Steuart st
BARBER shop tor •a.le; money in eight; $70; a
special bargain. Inquire at Call office.'
WANTED— Planing-mlll manager. Address box
SSC2. Call office.
GET your ehoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c C63 Mission st-. bet. l»t and id ets.
~T ANTED— 600 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army ehoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. $23 Howard.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason Et
"WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
O. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
r —
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
PAIR bays. 8 years, very etyllsh; pair sorrels.
7 years-, very stylish: pair cross match, eeal
brown and dapple gray, an elegant family
pair, 5 & 6 years; 1 sorrel, 5 years, 16 hands,
a good family horse. They are all sound,
good drivers and good looking, and can be
«*n and driven by applying to J. O'DON-
NELL. Hotel Rafael Stables. San Rafael.
FOR sale— 1 black horse, 16 hands high, 8 years
old; can trot in 2:40; been driven by a lady;
a lso rubber-tired buggy and harness; almost
new; also one top buctry; must be sold. Stan-
ford Stablee. 310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth et. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
StTiUVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR eale — 2 horses, 2 wagons, good buggy and
harness and complete outfit for coal yard.
W. C. HAMERTON. 318 Twenty-ninth st.
FOR sale — Horse and waeon; cheap. Call at
6935 Mission St.. oposite Ocean View.
"WANTED— Good business horse; also trap or
eurrey. 207 Eansome St., room J.
A large lot of No. 1 pasturage cheap; also a
lot of — "ork mules and a few cheap horses
a.t the Canty ranch. Grajrson. California.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st'
ALL kinds of — -agons. burgles, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission et.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon, for eale cheap. S22 Mission.
HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 28 Montgom-
ery »-t.. room 25.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous 'diseases — A few select
cs«> will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium, 230 Douglas ft, £an Francisco.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^^R^INTEIjT^rTouses to ~ let; 'send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
KEARNY, 1£SB. near Greenwich— Small house
5 rooms: rent $S; water free. Apply G. H.
UMBSEN' & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOT 'RE— 324 Oak st; $ room* and bath; 3 fin-
ished rooms in basement
$8— HOUSE of 3 rooms: large yard and cellar;
water free. 174 Hickory ave.
$14 — NEW house, 6 rooms; bath; sunny. 123
Plxley ave.: key at 3000 Webster et
$11 — SUNNY hcuee. S rooms; yard and base-
rnent. Key at 2228 Geary rt.
LOST AND POUND.
LOST— In or near St. Nicholas Hotel, a 22d de-
gree Masonic ring with diamond between the
double eagles; owner's name inside. Finder
will be liberally rewarded by returning to me
at Et. Nicholas Hotel. C. D. HANCHETTE.
LOST— At Mill Valley Depot on 5:10 train July
16. one sable fur cape lined with blue brocade
ellk- Finder please return to 2713 Sacramento
et. and receive reward.
LOST— At Howard and. Eighteenth, year-old
mastiff, part mongrel; reward *5. WATER-
HOUSB & LESTER. It Beale et
3LOST — Discharge. Issued. Gulnobatan, Luzon,
oa Front et., S. F., last Thursday. Forward
eame 1C32 Clay 6t; reward j2.
LOST— Gold chain bracelet near Sixteenth and
Noe sts. Suitable reward If returned to 25S1
Slarifet et. ; .
LOST— On or near ferries, July 12, a *S2 U. C.
pin valued as keepsake. Reward 302 Par-
rott building.
LOST — Diamond ring; 2 names Inscribed with
date; liberal reward. Inquire Call office.
Wanted-Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all clasr.es of It-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps tbe unfortunate: tbe most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
enteed. DR.gG. W. O'PONNKLL. ,1018 Market
A TREATMENT that U guaranteed to give ln-
etant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
telleved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult tree. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market bet Mason and Taylor, opp. Hate's.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st.
10 410 O'Farrell: reliable ladles' specialist; 2«
years' successful practice; ruar. treatmefk at
office: any ailment; private home for patients
hefor* and during confinement: low fees. •
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; beet care; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market nr. Mason.
Dr. and Mrs. Davles, 1228 Market; our regulator
\r a treatment that has brought health and
happiness to thousands of Buffering women;
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. Bit DAVIES'
original method of treatment: maternity
home; etamp for circulars; 1126 Market S. F,
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
gtrtn dlaeaseg. NW cor. O. G. ave. tc PlUmore.
MATRIMONIAL*
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
•end 10c for latest lint MRS. HERTZ. 70S Ellis
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. -
, TO order, also, cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st: i
¦ tel. Bush 4a.
'. MINKS
: MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
EXCURSION PARTY RETURNING.
We are notified by wlra that our California
shareholders and others are returning from
\ their visit of Inspection to the copper and
coal mines of the Montezuma Mining Com-
pany near Fairfax, Washington, where the/
have been for the past two weeks.
I THEY ARE UNITED In expressions of ap-
proval as to mints, progress of development
t UTifl management •
i __ _
I Th* excursion to Montezuma mines was a
¦uocess In every particular and another Is
being planned. Property and management
: that bear the tects, as Montezuma has been
• submitted to, have the confidence of a
' thoughtful and investing public. The forth-
coming report of the president will be an in-
teresting and conservative document.
[ PRICES UNTIL AUGUST 1ST.
. Caen price. 15c per share.
Installment price, 17c per share.
INSTALLMENT TERMS.
BOO Shares, $10 00 down and $5 00 monthly.
1000 Shares, $10 00 down and $8 00 monthly.
2000 Shares. $20 00 down and $15 00 monthly.
3000 Shares. $30 00 down and $20 00 monthly.
5000 Shares, $40 00 down and $25 00 monthly.
Larger lots at proportionate rates. .
Ask for prospectus and learn what these
; shares offer as an investment.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Selling Agents,
810 Safe Deposit bldg., San Francisco, CaL
• WILL exchange for improved or unimproved
city realty; mining property situate In the
be6t mining county in Northern California;
nnlncumbered: $9500. Box 3842. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. Mo-
. INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
. BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
ealoon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission et, above Sixth; write for catalogue.
THOROUGHBRED Great Danes and St. Ber-
nards, eetters, cockers, dachshunde. fox,
1 Scotch, skye, Torkshlre, silver and bull ter-
riers. Remember the College Kennels has
dogs on hand of all kinds; my stock is guar-
anteed. 115 Halgrht st.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, J5 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
! ' $1 PO: 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
' AIR compressor. 3 sizes, 5, 10. 20 stamp mills;
>0 mlnJnc cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water cower. J. B. Jardine, 220 Fremont.
BANK counter. 90 feet: cut up to suit: must
eell before August 1. F. G. JONES. 1113 Web-
ster St.. Oakland: phone Main 211.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear Et. ¦
ALL kinds second-hand building material. lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st
FOR sale— A 7-horsepower gas engine, still in
good running order. Apply J. J. PFISTER
KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk st. ¦
NEW 8 H. P. marine engine and bronze pro-
peller, cost $1"5. $75. Box 2282, Call office,
Oakland. .
A— U BO DERBT and Fedora hats, II 76. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, J30 Kearny st.. near P«ne.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
ABOUT 200 hqmers for sale cheap; A No. 1
birds. P. O. box 53, San Ma.teo.
MIMEOGRAPH in good condition for sale; on
view, 3737 Sacramento st ROETHING.
CHICKS, 10c each, and thoroughbred poultry.
Icrleside Poultry Yards, 807 Mt. Vernon ave.
SINGER sewing machines for eale from $3
up. 2216 Mission Et., near Nineteenth.
YACHT Catherine for sale: must be sold! owner
going East. Apply BUTTON. 1520 Mission St.
"RICCA" mandolin very sweet tone, J15; cost
$35. Plaza Loan Office, 702 Kearny Et.
FOR sale— Fine stock saddle, silver bridle,
rpurs, lariat, hair rope. Box 3877, Call.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns, $12 50. 109 Montgomery 6t.
.GASOLINE automobile, 100-mile capacity, with
top. Box 3845, Call.
100.000 SECOND bricks at Mission and Anthony
ets., near Second, and 6000 slates.
RUNTS, white homers, squab breeders, Irish
setters: prices reas. 2041 Linden st., Oakland.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK, Ell Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS cecond-han'd modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, show cases; all lengths and sizes.
J. SCKWERDT. 821 Mission st.
WE pay big prices for ladles' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton Bt
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler" s« steel
lined eafe. perfect order. !16 California It.
Gasoline or distillate encrtnetP. new & Zd-hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 66 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
K WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— $10,000 worth of ladles' and gents'
cast-off clothing, for which I will pay the
highest price: sealskins and full dress suits
a specialty. Box 4491, Call office.
GASOLINE engine immediately; 2'i to 4'i h.p. ;
must be in perfect working order. Write full
particulars P. LABOUCHERE-HILLYER.
405 Turk st.
HIGHEST prices paid for ladles' and gent's
garments, ! sealskins, jewelry, etc. ; will call ;
tel. Black 5875. BERT, 702-708 Kearny st.
WANTED to buy — Second-hand bicycle in good
order. 713 Mission et.
WANTED— A safe; give size and price. Ad-
dress box 4494, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-band clothing: and
theatrical goods. 154 9tb,st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
18 rw gey. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 pt year.
MONEY TO WAS.
A AA— HERMAN MURPHY, 630 Market st/
makes loans on second mortgages, undivided
interests in estates, etc.; also large or small
loans oh good ranches; if your property is
mortgaged and you need more money, don't
fail to see me; lowest rates; quickest settle-
ments; financial problems of all sorts and
sizes solved by HERMAN MURPHY, 630
Market st. ,
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at C per cent in sums to suit. City &
. Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loan?
on unsettled estates, undivided interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor.Crocker bldg.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate,.
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
2* Montgomery st, room t
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; e per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates. legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests: corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
et: tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third st.
{25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country; see me before ! going elsewhere.
HARPER, 397 Parrott building. .
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 202 Montgomery st, r. L
LOWEST rates on furniture, eta., by private
party; no removal: no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
. highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
2% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no Indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg. *
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
821 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WASTED.
WANTED— Loan of $40,000; secured by real
estate; money required to Improve property.
Address box 3S32. Call office.
$150 WANTED for six rnontjw: good security;
big interest Box 3878, Cafy office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A LOW price" for a piano is what makes quick
sales; what do you want better than $75 or
$100 or $150? That's what we are offering.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ket st. '
A PIANO can be rented from us and the rent
applied on Its purchase; you can rent a
Decker if you want to; we sell on payments
that will soon make the piano yours. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 9S3 Market, S. F.
CBranch 951 Broadway. Oakland.)
We sell the popular pianos of the' day— Steck.
Everett Packard, Conover, Hardman, Ludwlg,
Baldwin, Valley Gem. Smith ft Barnes. Har-
rington, Kingsbury. Jewett and Straube.
You cannot afford to buy a piano until you
see THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
8 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month, SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., Fan Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st, Oakland.
A SURPRISE awaits all who are interested in
the self-playing piano; the Ceclllan is the lat-
est and best; you are invited to our daily
concerts. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post St.,
Union square, sole agents Sohmer & Co..
Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Lester, Hamilton and
Splelman pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase' price' al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you 'only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell st. ; established 1850.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
eon, 1 Hallet & Davis, 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz, 1
Sterling, $75, $125, $145, etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell Bt,
Chlckering. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of gelf-players.
ALL makes; great bargain; $50 up; rents $2
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnlsheo
free: you get first money when you selL
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary St.
FOR sale — Account of the strike, for 1-3 value.
grand upright piano; standard make; line
carved case; absolutely as good as new. 3009
Sixteenth st
JAS. KEEFFE'S rlano warerooms now per-
manently located at 22 Turk St.. near Junc-
tion Mason. Market & Turk; largest In city.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 Installments: no re-
gerve. WILSON'S STORAGE, 1706 Market st.
PIANOS $75 up; Hartman, $100; Chlckering, j
$150; Nieuman. $150. W. C. HAMILTON, i
Flood building. ¦
$2 B0 RENTS a fine upright piano; a few left.
SCOTT-CTJRTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
BIG bargain In elegant standard upright
piano; party leaving. 519 Eddy, nr. Larkln.
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher, $95;
Chickerlng. $185. Room 38. 217 Geary St.
GOOD second-hand upright for eale cheap.
ECHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights. $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUKXN. 203 Post St.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Allister st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MUSIO BOXES.
MUSIC BOXES — Paul Monaco, expert, and the
best repairer and maker on tbe coast for 15
years; fine Swiss and American music boxes
a specialty. 769 Market st., bet. 3d and 4th,
south side; thoroughly understands his busi-
ness and the rieht party to 'deal ¦with. ¦
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC, 22S— Handsome large store, reduced
¦ to $22; also S10 Sansome, store, rent $6.
! LIGHT, cheerful offices; $15 and $20. Emma
Epreckels building, 927 Market st.
FINE large front window to" let 117 Sut-
ter st.
STORE. 1043 Guerrero St.; fixtures and living
rooms.
OIL.
COSTA RICA PETROLEUM & COAL CO.
We have Just received advices of the grant-
ing of the concession to us by the Costa Rican
Government. We now own over 50,000 acres
of the finest oil and coal lands in the world;
same is also best tropical agricultural land;
tho Etock is as yet 10 cents per share, but upon
receipt of the Government documents will im-
mediately be advanced to 25 cents. The stock
cannot fall to go to several dollars per share.
Call or sond for prospectus to PACIFIC
STATES MINING & INVESTMENT CO., 826
Pott «t.. San Francisco, Cal. Reference, the
Consulate of Costa Rica in San Francisco. »
TO lease on royalty— One-quarter section hlsrh-
. rrade oil land near oll-produclni? wells, San
Mateo County. Box 2281, Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale — A lease on proven territory adjoin-
ing the San Joaquln Co. Apply 474 Par-
rott bldg.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nine
'' districts. Office. 23 nnd 24 Merchants' Ex.
POSITIVELY best 40 acres in Kern, $3500 per
acre. HAMILTON & CO., 8 Flood bldg.,
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
rlzrm: cheap. H. S. WHTTTC. S1fi Mlssl^n «t.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS. .
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good, reli-
able work. Clark's. 80S Larkin; tel. Larkin 1060.
ROOMS papered from $3 60 up; tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 3d st.; tel. Red S521.
PALMISTRY.
MKS. LAMB, scientillc palmist; bead and faca
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones Et
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 615
Taylor Bt.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted In an old-established art
store: must be sober. Industrious and of un-
questioned Integrity; amateur artist or
familiarity with kodac supplies preferred;
small capital required to the right party.
Address box 3S00, Call office. .
WANTED — A partner for a profitable manu-
facturing business; $3C0 to $400 required. 2923
Mission Et.
PERSONALS.,
FREE— Success In life can only 'be obtained
through influence; will send absolutely free
a ICO-page book which explains all the secrets
of hypnotism, personal magnetism and mag-
netic healing; tells how to cure diseases and
bad habits, enables you to win and hold the
love and respect of others; anybody can
learn in a few days; we guarantee success;
write to-day. Address New York Institute
of Science, Dept. 117 T, Rochester. N. Y.
—THE EFWORTH LEAGUE— .
LADIES and GENTLEMEN— YOU are In-
vited to the parlors of the BOHEMIAN DER-
MATOLOGY. 131 Post, R. 3. for your sham-
poo, 25c; GRAY hair restored, HAIR grown
on bald heads. PIMPLES, freckles, facial
blemishes removed; figures trained; IM-
PORTED French preparations used exclu'Iy.
A— EPWORTH Leaguers' downtown meeting
place at the Bon-Ton at 824 Post St.. near
Powell. Luxurious reading-room; writing
facilities. Dainty tea served every afternoon.
Everything free. Manicuring, halt-dressing or
baths, 25c. All visitors welcome. u •
A GOOD opening for a flrst-class operator to
remove superfluous hair by electrolosls. . Lea
Verltl, hair dressing parlors, 1140 Mkt., upstrs.
MATERNITY Villa— Strictly private; terms rea-
sonable. Mrs. Dr. Funke, 1416 8th st, Alameda.
PERSONALS— -Continued.
ULCERS CURED — Ulcerlne (a new discovery),
a product of the Philippine Islands, will posi-
tively cure ulcers- of the' leg; no detention
from business; consultation free at our office.
ULCERINE CO., 40 Ellis st, rooms 18 and 19;
take elevator. '• ' • .
WANTED — To communicate with any one who
knew JOHN W. GRAVES ESQ., lawyer and
mine owner, who lived in San Francisco, Cal.,
from 1868 to 1872; Important. Address J. E.
TUCKER, Roxboro. Person County. N. C.
OUR new book free, sealed, fully Illustrated,
treats all conditions . of men, how to attain
"Perfect Manhood;" should be In the hands
of every male adult. Address ERIE
MEDICAL CO.. "Book Dept," Buffalo. N. Y.
ALL scalp Impurities. cured: hair grown; sham-
pooing 25c; superfluous hair removed with
electricity by an expert; free treat to show
the curative power of my electric radiator;
agts. wanted. Mrs. E. R. Dunlap, 34 Kearny.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 488 Geary St., and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
WANTED— A gentleman or lady - partner of
means to assist gentleman of well known abil-
ity and education to open 'a school of mag-
netism. Box 3787. Call office.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk^ portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at "lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED nurse will give massage and
alcohol baths to lady patients at their homes;
cure headache In 3 minutes. . The Almonte,
1 Fifth St.. room 39.
ELECTRIC light, in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine drese suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market st, between Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second St., N. Y.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
KODAK developing by experts, up to 4x5, only
25c a roll; also finishing. Rembrandt Studio,
850 Market St., cor. Stockton, upstairs.
HIGH-CLASS violin lessons; agreeable method
for beginners. ANTOINE MEDER, 320 Van
Ness ave.
GENTLEMAN wishes to meet refined young
lady; object matrimony. Ad. box 3844, Call.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 836 Mission st.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR made suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market St.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. 6"DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of tbe human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay et. ; see testimonials at office.
FILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over 60 names of prominent business men
sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Pbysiclan, box I960 Call
office. S. F.. Cal.
PROPERTY WANTED.
HAVE you a vacant lot to sell? I want to
build a home; state price and location of lot.
Box 4414, Call office.
HAVE you vacant property for sale? I can
deal with you if price and location are right.
Box 4413. Call office.
REAL ESTATE--CITY— FOR gALE.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
;. ' 108 Montgomery St.. S. F.
MAGNIFICENT HOME.
On Pacific Heights; modern residence of 16
rooms, completely and elegantly furnished;
marine view; will sell furnished or unfurnished;
price, with furniture, $35,000.
THREE GOOD FLATS.
Near Buchanan St.; 5 rooms and bath each;
modern fiats and up-to-date; rented at $40
month; rents are very low; should rent $50; a
quick eale desired; price $4500.
A FINE CORNER,
Near Market st. ; downtown ; store and 3 flats,
all In first-class repair; new sanitary plumb-
ing; always rented $103 monthly; price $15,000.
NEW FLATS.
For Investment; in Panhandle district; 3 flats,
7 rooms each; strictly modern; rents $102 50 per
month; price $10,500.
VALLEJO STREET.
Modern residence of 9 rooms; finely finished
throughout; splendid marine view; price $13,500.
BUSH STREET.
Three-story brick building, stores below,
rooms above; 4 tenants; rented for $290; lot 35
xl37:6; price $40 ,000.
NEW HOME,
On Castro st., near Twentieth, 7 rooms and
bath; all latest, modern Improvements, $1000
cash, balance on time; price $4000.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Northwest corner; good location; broadside to
sun; 10 rooms; only $7500.
PANHANDLE DISTRICT.
Three fine, new, modern flats; Just built; 7
rooms each; price $12,500.
SOUTH OF MARKET. ')
Two buildings on Clara st.; rent $26; price
$2000.
HOWARD STREET.
Three flat3 on Howard St., between Twelfth
and Thirteenth; 7. 6 and 5 rooms; rent $63;
lot 25x137:6; price $7000.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
At a sacrifice; 2VS acres, near Ross, Marin
Co.; 10-room house, modern; beautifully culti-
vated fruit and flowers; barn and coachhouse;
leased for $125 per month; price $9000.
MENLO PARK RESIDENCE
With 20 acres of baautlful grounds, to rent;
everything elegant; rent $175 monthly.
Send or call for lists of lots; houses built to
'suit on any lot in San Francisco.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
. 108 Montgomery st.,
' <3an Francisco.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 MARKET STREET.
Opposite Kearny Street.
Genuine Bargains in Best Portion of City
$100,000— Corner; 275x137:6; splendid improve-
• ments; rented at fS00 per month
$51,000— Sixth-st. corner; 1% blocks from Mar-
ket; rents $325; fine building.
$53,000— One-half block from the Orpheum;
stores and lodging-house; rent $200 net.
$41,000 — Van Ness ave. corner; 3 frontages; 128
. • feet frontage; old Improvements; rent-
ing for $172; this is an ideal hotel or
• sanitarium site.
$40,000— First-st. corner; 75 feet front; whole-
eale and manufacturing district; vicin-
ity new Crocker bulldinr.
$37,500— Kills St., close to Taylor; new build-
ing; 1 tenant; leased with security;
annual rents about $2800. '
$25,000— Best Improved north of Market st. ;
close to Geary st. and Grant ave.; 4-
story and basement brick building; 40
feet frontage; rent $170.
$23,000— Business property; 75 feet frontage;
stores- and flats; rents $190.'
$21,000— InFlde McAllister st. business property
82:6x120; 2 frontagres: corner 30x80-
within 25 feet Just sold for $18,000
$10,500— Business property; Howard st, near
Fourth; 3-story building; rent $S0.
$15,000— Sansome-st. corner; wholesale district*
85 feet frontage: rents $135.
$11,000 — Modern flats: rents $140; lot 60x137:6-
facing Golden Gate Park. .. '
: $7,500— Four new flats; rents $72: bon-ton dis-
trict; residence, within 130 feet Just
; .sold for $12,500. ¦ <-js . ¦
$5,800— Corner; S. W. cor. Vallejo and Pierce
¦ sts.; 45x112:6 feet.
, A. M.- SPECK & CO.,
' 667 Market street.
A RAP.E , DOWNTOWN CORNER INVEST-
• .-•- MENT.. ;--•..¦ -. ...
1 block from Baldwin Hotel site and Tivoli
Theater.
Nos. : 203-211 Mason . Et.
2 stores and 2 lodging-houses;
60 feet frontage ; - '
Will pay 6 per cent net on $75,000. >•
For further particulars apply to
• -A..M. SPECK. 667 Market street.
COTTAGE for sale; new; 5 rooms; latest Im-
provements. 310 Jersey st. : price $2250.
REAL ESTATE— CITY-r-^'O R SAliIS :
G.-H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st,
" . REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$35,000— Choice corner on Van Ness ave., covered
at present with old improvements; rents
nominal; would pay handsomely if prop-
erly improved; 60xlC9:9.
$27,500— Rents $207 per month; near 4th and
Howard sts.; splendid investment, con-
¦ sistlng of 3 flats of 6, 6, 5 rooms and 2-
story house of 12 rooms on Howard st
and 6 flats on rear street; 60x155; two
frontages; bank mortgage of $21,000 can
remain.
$21,000— Rents $1800 per annum; choice inside
business corner; improvements consist
of substantial brick buildings; 37:6x80.
$14,000— Rents $1440 per annum; three fine bay-
window flats of 7, 8 rooms and bath and
. rear house; vicinity of Pine and Hyde
• Ets.; nearly new; bank mortgage of $7400
can remain: 34:4x137:6. '
$10,000— O'Farrell st, near Leavenworth; im-
provements consists of 2-story building
of 8 rooms and bath.,
$8500— Rents $900 per annum; Pierce st; three
¦ choice flats of 7, 7, 6 rooms and bath
and rear house of 5 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, etc; 25x125.
$8000— Rents $60 per month; Hyde st. near
Sutter; 2 desirable fiats of 7, 8 rooms
and bath each; building in good repair;
25x87.
$7500— Larkln St.. near Sutter; 2 choice sunny
flats of -6 rooms and bath each; rents
$47 50 per month, which can readily be
- Increased.
$5750— Rents $612 per annum; Scott st, near
Haight; 2 modern flats. of 5, 6 rooms and
bath each, with driveway and stable In
rear; 25x106. ¦
$5500— Rents $570 per annum; Inside store
property; 2 stores with 3 rooms each
and flat of 8 rooms and lot
$5500— Rents $696 per annum; Fell St.; 3 desir-
. able flats of 6, 5, 6 rooms and bath each;
•double frontage; rear portion of lot va-
cant; 27:6x120 to rear street.
, $5000— Rents $648 per annum; near 4th and
Bryant sts.j 5 front 'and 2 rear flats,
completely renovated and In splendid j
.condition; sanitary plumbing, etc.; 30x
80; this is a snap.
$4500— Green st; choice modern residence of 8
rooms and bath, in perfect order; sani-
tary plumbing, etc.; large and well-
kept garden in rear; 25x137:6; this is a
bargain.
$3000— Rents $420 per annum; 23d st; improve-
y ments consist of a store and flat of 5
rooms; lot 25x114.
Choice list of building lots In all parts of the
city. Call and obtain one of our "Real
Estate Records," containing a list, of
property for sale in all portions of the
city. Latest Pocket Map of San Fran-
ci£co«. 2ac.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery street,
Real Estate Agents.
MADISON & BURKE. ~ ~ ~ "
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1S58.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
628 Market st, opp. Palace Hotel.
Geary st.. Inside Larkln; 50x137:6; partially
Improved; only $25,000; cheapest offering on the
street
Cheap— O'Farrell Bt., near Devlsadero; con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rent $25;
only $2900.
$6500— Broadway, near Octavia st; 7 rooms
and bath; a nice home in choice section; lot
28x131.
Two ' flats— Clinton Park, near Dolores st;
rent $340 per year; price only $3500.
$4500— Twentieth st., n«ar Valencia; S rooms
and bath and stable; lot 28x114.
$15,00O^Beautiful modern house in the best
part of the marino view section of the city.
IS500— Pays $73 per month; flats; Scott, near
Ellis; 31x137:6.
$7500— Seventeenth Bt, near Dolores; flats;
well rented; 35x57:6.
$2750— Corner Banchez and Jersey eti.; lot 30x
100, with four-room house.
$2500— Twenty-flf th St., near Sanchea; 6 rooms
and bath.
$3000 — Morris ave., near Bryant st; double
house; rents $24; lot 25x75.
$4500— Folsom St., near Eighth; 25x90; two
houses at $16 each; total $32.
$£000 — Natorna at., corner Russ; elegant ln--
oome property; 25x75.
, $6600— Pine st, near Scott; two flats; rents
$57 50; lot 25x137:6.
Laundry building with two flowing wells of
Al water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
.line of Lombard St., bet. Flllmore and Steiner;
also lot 152x120 on Chestnut St., In rear; rents
$73 per month; must be sold on account of
non-residence.
$3600— Cheap; Sixth st., near Brannan; 3 flats;
there is a good future for this property.
$7000— Harriet St., near Howard; lot 60x75,
holding frontage to Sixth. St.; rent $50.
$4000— Leavenworth St., near Jackson; 8 rooms
and bath; 22:8x115.
$1950— Florida St., near Twenty-fifth: cottage,
5 rooms and bathj lot 20x100.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
Real Estate Agents. > ¦
Houses Rented. Rents Collected and Full
Chars e Taken of Property.
£24 MARKET ST.
$750— Choice lot on north line of California
st., rear 8th ave.; lot 25x100 feet.
$lC00— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath In the
Mlsi-'on.
$1900 — Modern cottase of 4 large rooms and
bath; colld cement foundation; high basement;
built one year; Etb ave., near Point Loboi ave.
$3000— Choice lot on California st, near Baker
st; lot 25x127 feet
$3600— Minna st.. near Seventh: 2 flats and
rear cot face; rents $32 per month; always
rented.
$3600—2 modem flats on Broderick st; rents
?36 per month.
$5750— Choice modern uo-to-date residence on
Sacramento Et. ; 10 rooms and bath; porcelain
tub; sink and open plumbing; natural wood
mantles; lot 25x117:6 feet; can be had on easy
terms.
$6000— Choice lot on the north line of Broad-
way, near Octavia St.; fine marine view.
$7500 — Choice residence on tbe north line of
"Washineton St.. near Fillmore St.; 12 rooms
and bath; rented at present for $60 per month;
this is a foreclosure.
$8000—2 new flats on Frederick st, near Ash-
bui-y st: 6-7 rooms and bath; porcelain tubs
and sinks: sun in every room.
$350 per front foot — 3 choice lots on the north
side of Pacific ave.; size 40 and 47:6 and 50
feet by 137:6 feet depth; elegant marine view;
choicest part of Pacific ave.
Further particulars of
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG.
$1SCO— A great snap; 6 rooms and bath; neat,
tasty and good; with lot 25x80; on San-
chez, near Twenty-sixth.
$3500— A pickup; 52 feet, on Masonic, near
Waller; Irregular depth lot; district
building up with elegant homes.
$1000 — A cheap lot on Dorland St., near Eigh-
teenth and Dolores; flats; will pay well.
$1000— But submit offer; Church, near. Twenty-
seventh; 25x80; will pay well to improve.
$1300 — Chattanooga st.. near Twenty-second; 26
xl25; a Rood home; street handy to cars.
$70— A pickup in Ocean View; lot 25x100.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
SANTA FE POINT RICHMOND
SANTA FE POINT RICHMOND
The Ccming City.
Great Santa Fe Railway Terminus.
Forty Feet of Water.
Great Railroad, Shipping and Coming Manu-
facturing Place.
The finest buy on the Pacific Coast.
Lots all level; streets graded; $125 and up.
$10 cash; $5 monthly.
McEWEN BROTHERS. .118 Montgomery st
Sole Agents.
HAWKS & SKELTON. "
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
J27C0 — Pays big interest; Zoe, near Third and
Bryant; rents $260 per annum; in good order.
$4000— Green, close to Hyde-st. cars; nice home
of 7 rooms; fine view of bay.
Choice lots; Hyde and Francisco; 15 minutes
from our office; superb view of bay; corner;
35x112; $3500; 'nslde lots. $1750.
$3000 — Lot on south side Chestnut st., west of
Hyde; 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
S120O— Lot Stockton, near Chestnut; 22x65;
flats here will pay big income.
- $1300 — Cheap lot; Russell, near Hyde and
Union; 49x60; will pay well if Improved; make
an offer.
$1500— Lot on north side Fulton, near First
ave. ; facing park ; on car. line.
$3500 — Lot in Potrero, corner Vermont and So-
lano; 100x110; street graded and sewered.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
$5750— POST st., near in; 9-room residence; lot
27x137:6; by far the best buy on the mar-
ket; make an offer.
$6iKHK-Two very fine flat3; near Fulton and Fill-
more; lot 27:6x137:6; to "close an estate;
no reasonable offer will be refused.
$3000— Two flats and cottage In rear; close to
I Tenth and Folsom; pays big.
$2S0O— Two modern flats; California st, near
Central ave. ; lot 27:6x107; In fine eondl-
4 tlon; sunny side. ,
Two bargains in a small mission cottage and
a large list of low-priced home lots, ranging
from $150 to $400; will help you to build if
desired. .' G. A. TURNER & CO.,
11 Montgomery street.
$1750 EACH— PART CASH.
Near Park Panhandle; 2 choice building lots;
offered at this low price to effect immediate
sale; 25x137:6.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
We are offering the N.W. corner of Hayes
and Fillmore sts. in subdivisions 25. and 27:6
feet front from $3250 up; only a few left;
one-third cash. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st. ' I -
CONSULTATION FREE.
We will advise you how to buy and advise
you . how to sell, how to put bad tenants out
of your property without expense and collect
your rents. HEALY & GILLESPIE, 630
Market et., opp. Palace Hotel. . •; .
$12,500— A RARE. bargain; 75x300 (remember the
size); good rents; forced sale: business ¦prop-
ertv In San Francisco, near Folsom st Call
or "write W. - H. CORNELL, 476 Tenth st,
Oakland.: ~ ¦ '
A SACRIFICE— $1000; 4 lots In West Berkeley,
cor. Bancroft and Seventh. . Call at 311 Bat-
tery st., city. ¦ ¦ .
SELECT your lot anywhere, we will buy It for
¦ you, erect a house to suit and sell it to you
on very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO.;
646 Market st. ' .. ,
REAL ESTATE! CITY FOR. SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery Street
PARK LODGE CORNER.
PARK. I I PARK.
STANTAN STREET.
100
O
S H
» 2 -
» 2
H f
H -
. J*
a
PRICE ONLY $15,000.
Size 100x100 feet
$6500— RENTS $38. ,_
Vicinity of Filbert and Mason sts.: lot t3xl2t
to Valparaiso St.; 3 separate flats and house of
6 rooms and bath.
GROVE-STREET INVESTMENT.
$7730— Rents $S0 per month; Grove st. near
New City Hall; lot 25x120 to rear street; front
and rear flats.
LARKXN-STREET FLATS.
$6150— Rents $62 50 per month ; 3 separate flats
of 6 and 6 rooms and bath each; always rented;
well located; must be sold.
ELLIS-STREET RESIDENCE.
$S500— Ellis st, near Pierce; house of 10 rooms
and bath; lot 27:6x137:8.
BAKER-STREET CHEAP FLATS.
$c000— Two flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; lot 25x82:6; rents $41 EO: near California.
ONLY $100 CASH— BALANCE MONTHLY.
New modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
high basement; porcelain bath and sink; ce-
ment trays; large lot; double frontage, size 23x
133; Silver ave.; 1 block from Ml'" 1 ""-"* elec-
tric cars; price only $1500.
HAYES-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$21,500— Not far from Market St.; large lot to
rear street; 37x120; stores and flats: rents welL
NINTH-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$8000— Only $2000 cash: lot 25x100; nous* of 9
rooms and bath; near Folsom rt.
SACRIFICE— OAK-STREET FLATS.
$5200— Owner anxious to sell ; 2 modern ' flats
of S rooms and bath each; high basement: Oak
St., near Buchanan; can be had at a bargain.
ONLY $1850— COTTAGE.
I1S50— Turk-st cottage of 4 rooms and base-
ment; rents $11 per month; lot 24x137:6.
CORNER STORE AND FLAT.
$7500 — Corner McAllister and Stanyan sts-:
store and 5 rooms and bath below; upper flat of
9 rooms and bath; old established grocery and
bar.
$12.000— RENTS $110 PER MONTH-
$12, 0CO— Shrader st., near Haight; 4 separate
fiats; rents $110 per month; large lot lOxlCS^.
MISSION COTTAGE— $1200.
$1200— 4-room cottage on Diamond st, near
Twentieth; lot 27:6x100.
DOWN-TOWN MODERN FLATS.
$21,000— Rents $2160 per year; lot 27-.6a_2O to
rear street; modern building of t flats; near
O'Farrell and Larkln sts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st .
LYON AND HOAG.
114 Montgomery street.
$2500— Any reasonable offer
will be accepted: Sev-
enth st.. near Bryant;
3 small stores; lot 25
x86.
$5500— Fine modern residence
on Scott st. not far
from Sutter: 8 rooms
and bath; pleasantly
situated.
$6500— Sutter-st. flats; 8 and 7
rooms; rents very low,
$60; could easily be
raised; lot 25x110.
. $7800— Rents $79 60: Ore— • St..
near Laguna; 2 flats of
S and 6 rooms anO.
bath; also flats on
small street; lot 25x120;
double frontage-; great
bargain; see U. at once.
$26,000— Rents $2400 per an-
num; . fine corner on
Devlsadero st ; .build-
ing contains 2 ''stores
and 5 flats.
$9000 — Folsom st, near Sixth;
rents $78; 3-story bulld-
lngr containing store,
flats and rear tene-
ments.
$7iOO — Washington st, near
Fillmore; fin* modern
residence containing 10
rooms, bath, etc.;
house In splendid re-
pair: fine location: al-
ways rented for $60.
$4500— Rent »45; Turk st,
near Stelner: lot 25x
137:0; Improvements
good; this is a good
Duy.
fA7,00O— Rent $175; handsome
« new building; contains
3 flats of 8 rooms and
large reception hall ;
lot 25x137:6; fine light
and sun; grand view;
very best oortion Pa-
clflo Heights.
|H,250—Rent $106; brand new
flats east of Van Ness
ave.: 3 flats of 7
rooms, etc. each;
larea lot: beat Invest-
ment on the market
LYON A HOAQ. 114 Montgomery st
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$12,000— Union st, near Taylor; 23:9x128:9; 3
modern flats and rear house; rents $39 50.
$11,000— Corner Folsom and Erie sts.; 30x143;
S flats; rents $78.
$10,000— O'Farrell st. near T-i-iht.; 25x120 to
rear street; house of 10 rooms.
$8000— Pacific st. near Powell; 40x60; store
and 2 flats; rents $69.
$5500— Buchanan st, near Post; 24x57:8; house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$5000 — Corner Leavenworth and Francisco; 70x
87:6; 2-story residence of 11 rooms and bath.
$5000 — Corner Leavenworth st. and Broadway;
cottage and 2 flats; rents $41.
$4500— Guerrero st. near Twenty-flfthi 24:6x
125; house of 8 rooms and bath.
$3500 — Harriet st., near Bryant; 25x75; 8-story
building; rents $37.
$3500^-Lyon St.. near Sutter; 25x119:3; house- of
8 rooms.
$3350— Clementina st., near Sixth; 20x30; house
of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
UNIMPROVED.
$14,000— Corner Franklin and Grova sts.; 57x
68:9.
$5500— Greenwich st., near TaVlor: 45:10x137:6.
$5000— Capp st., near Twenty-fifth; 65xlli
Corner 19th ave. and Clement; 200x120.
$4000— Corner Jones and Filbert sts.; ISxTO.
$3300 — Fulton St., near Flllmore; 82:8x137:6.
$3000— Laguna st., near Page; 25x100.
$25CO— Corner Thirtieth and Dolores; 26:6x100.
$2250— Union st., near Webster; 34:4%xl37:6.
$1250 each— Polk st, near Chestnut; 3 lots,
27:6x87:6. "
$S5 a front foot — Mission St., near 28th.
$1100— Francisco st, near Leavenworth; 15x102.
400 lots. $200 to $400; terms easy; electric road
passes.
WRIGHT & EWEIJU "'
Real Estate and Financial Agents.
Loans, Insurance. 316 ¦ Montgomery st
$170,000— Investment property not far from
Market st ; 7-story and basement brick
building; leased.
$135,000— Ellis St.. not far from Market: very
modern building; lodgings and stores;
leased ; good Investment.
$140,000— Five-story steel and brick modem
. bulldlnsr on Geary st, not far from
projected new Crocker Hotel; leased;
Income over $800 per month.
$60,000— Mlssion-st. investment, near Beale at. ;
8-story substantial frame and brick
basement building; rents $4200 per an-
num; lot 45:10x137:6.
. $17,500— Very fine modern flats on California
st. ; well rented.
$3,000— Lot 2oxlOO; north side of Fins st.. be-
' tween Flllmore and Stelner; good loca-
tion for flats.
$2,500—Beautlful building lots; south side of
Jackson st, east of First ave. ; 3i>xl25k
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
Elegant Clay-st. home, west of Laguna; 13
large rooms and 2 baths, billiard-room,
fumace, etc.; especially attractive for
one looking for a choice home; lot
J7:4%xl27:8}4.
Elegant Paciflc-ave. residence, west of Scott
St.; 12 rooms and 3 baths; beautiful
marine view; lot 30x127:8%. .
A. E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estate
26 Montgomery st Room 11. .
Rents Collected. Full Charge Taken of Prop-
erty.
$16,500—75 ft. on Mission st and lmpts. for
factory; rents $112; bargain.
$4850— Stylish new flats, 4 and S rooms; very
sunny; rents $-10; Twenty-third st
$12,000— Stylish new flats; Hayes st; flue lo-
cation ; rents $115.
$3750—2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms; Baker st; rents
$41. .
$3000— Modern 4 and 5 room flats; California
st. and Eighth ave.; rents $30.
$2150— Snap; Clay-st. lot. 25x100; north side;
fine residence location.
$6000— Bargain ; Howard, nr. 8th; bus. prop.
SUNSET HEIGHTS PARK LOTS. ''.
$500 TO $S50. ON EASY TERMS.
$325 — Eleventh ave., between H and I sts
near Park music stand; cars pass block.
$3250— Houses— easy terms— above block. S and
7 rooms, bath, etc.: plans at office.-.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 28 Montgomery st.
room 11; branch of flee. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
FOR SALE OR RENT. ~.
¦ Open for inspection to-day. Very elegant 3-
• story residence of 14 rooms. Hardwood finish-
ed throuKhout. Every convenience and up to
date. 2214 Broderick st, bet. Washington
and Jackson. For terms apply Monday to
~W'M. E. LUTZ. 205 SANSOME ¦ ST.
NEW cottage for sale on easy terms; house of
8 rooms: lot 25x83:6 ft. on Mission st. $2500.
D. COFFIN'S Cigar Store, Twenty-ninth and
Mission sts. »•» v .
COTTAGE cheap; monthly installments same
as rent. Apply corner Alabama and Mont-
calm BtS.
FOR SALE— Elegant home lot in suburbs of
cfty; select Investment. N. R,, box 3064. Call.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SAUEO.
EASTON. KLDRIDGE & CO..
(33 Market Street,
DOWNTOWX BUSINESS CORNER.
$40,000— A prominent corner on Battery st.t *
short distance from Market; fronts**
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORXElt.
$11,000— Two stores 6 rooms and bath; 2 flats;
I frontages; present low rents $1140 pet-
annum; old established business; lot
27:6x87:8 feet
WESTERN' ADDITION RESIDENCE.
„ . At a Bargain.
$7,000—43:4x137:8 feet on best bltummfzed
block on Pine st.; north side; elegant
residence 11 rooms and bath; stabla;
rents low at $600 per annum; ground
alona worth the money; $3000 mortgas*
can remain.
. ¦¦ • :*
PATS BIG INTEREST.
„*« »•** Third and Folsom Street*,
Jo.OCO— Fins Investment; 3 well-built flats et
t. 5. 5 rooms and bath each; always
rented; pays over 1 pe* cent per month;
lot 25x112:8 feet
„ rM . . MISSION HOME. , .
$3,100— A well-built 2-story nous* cf T roem»
and bath in the best part of th« Ml*.
slon warm, belt; a iwl^ sal* teslrftd.
.,«. £OLSOa*-STREET BARGAIN.
~yoo— store and 2 rooms, also flat of T rooms
and a rear house; on ~olso— rst_ coat
at Fourth; rents $30) pair aw— n—^
_ MISSION COTTAGE.
?VSO— A cozy cottage o< 5 rooms and bathy
o? Tweaty-fourth. ,_ r j^. j^
-,„-. Ll MTJST BE SOIJX
$2,000— Two-story house, on NorfoEe st, near
PoLaom and Eleventh; well- built "M la
good condition.
ON TOUR OWN Tw^vr?
W» win build you a home or flat* tn
any part of the city on small monthly
payment*; same a* sent; good tanns
to the right people.
EASTON, ELDRTDGE- & CO.,
__________^ 638 Market Street.
CENTER _ SPADER.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
IX Montgomery at. (I4c_ .Hxiua* block.)
CORNER TOWNSEND STREET.
2£> feet square: choice sits for warahous» or
manufacturing- purposes; 275 feet railroad
siding; this property will b» sold, cheap aa a.
whole.
£1,000.
123x180; northeast corner on FWsom St.; manu-
facturing district; to close- an, estate.
$5000.
Lot Market st, near Sanchez; 273x110.
$3500.
Sacramento «t_ near Hyde; 5 flats; rent* Cfc
lot 21x127:6.
S4G00.
Modern restdenca of 8 rooms, batit °"-T Tin
meat ilxnils; Mission warm belt.
jsooa.
Cottage In Mission; S room* and bath; flnlahed
In natural oak; driveway, stable, etc; aa
absolutely modern home; lot «n"-«
$80001
Up-to-date flats on Folsom st,; 5 and t rooms-
alwaya rented; lot 25x122 A,
$3300.
Mission st_ near T— -enty-fo— rth; start » and flat
of 6 rooms; lot 30x115: rti»^p.
$5500.
Two modern flat* on Grove it- our Lyos; I
rooms and bath each; never vacant; lot 23x
{3730.
Rents $31 per month; 2 modern Cats. S and f
rooms; on. Fair Oaks »t- aear Tw«nty-thlrd:
lot 25x117.
__ $7500.
Dfrtaadero «t, near Goldea Gat* «-«.; cholc*
lot. 50x225.
J13.000.
Eacrsmento tt, near FUlmere; TSxHZA: wCI
subdivide.
S3000.
"Walnut st, sear Clay; tSxlXT-.e.
CENTER b
BTJRKHaU & MARSH CO.
A SPXENDDO ~S V iLtt'f MJSNT.
?U.KI0— Pays 7 r>er cent dear; on O'TancII
st. In the heart of the city; almost new 4-
story building; only 1 tenant, who pa.}* water
and makes all repairs.
CHEAPEST BtTr" OX THE MAR3_E_,
Turk and Jonea sts.
J13.300— Lars© lot 27:8x107:1, and J-story
house rentinsr for HO; will doubl* la valu* la
next 2 years.
1 CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTIES.
«S50o— Rent JS3 a month; Howard St.. term '
feet from Sixth.
$7,600— Rent iSi a month; ~oLsoia at- few feet
from Sixth.
i>o~~s row n. •
t3jO-n TO MASON AND TCT.T.TB 8SB.
$37,500— Elegant Improvements; under lease to
I tenant at $230 a month; has P** tatax» *M
pays flna Interest
HERE'S A CHAXCE.
$7000 — Rent $80 a month; oa — — y aid* of?
street, close to Baker st; 3 elegant new flats:
owner suddenly called East »M mast sell s±
once; easily worth $S500.
vnu 3 rxcoMB propertti
$5500 — Rent $34 a month; S «»»t to- Stlx
and Harrison sts.
ANOTHER BARGAIN I
$7500— Rent $65 a month; stor* and flat down-*,
town; wlda business street; urn* «»^^^f jq—
. W. A. DRUG CORNER,
$14,000— Rent $100 ; northwest comen «leg»__y
Improved drug store and flats and 2-story
house. BTCRNHAM & MARSH CO-
20 Montgomery st.
inglesid£ ' ~"*'
$6000— Modern house of 6 rooms and bath; fln«
view of ocean; free water: on* blocle
from car line: monthly payment $23 40 1
no payment down. • '" *
$6000— Beautiful modern residence of S rooms
and bath; conservatory; stabla and other
buildings: lawn; flowers and shrubbery!
lot 100x123 feet; small payment down:
balance, monthly. TO|
SCTXNTSIDB.
$1000— House of 7 rooms and bath; no payment
down; $14 per month will bay it; this la
a rare opportunity.
$1250— Desirable home of < room* and bath; no
payment down; monthly payment la
$1200— Two-story frame building; upstairs «-
room flat; first floor rented steady at $3
per month; $100 down, balance $15 40 per
month. The Income from this property
will nearly pay for It.
$2400— No. SS08 Mission st.. store In front with
living rooms in rear.
All the above properties were taken by
mortgage foreclosure and ar* bargains '
A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.. 8. P.
MANHATTAN LOAM COMPAJTT. *
Real Estate and Loans. . ;
Seventh. Floor, Crocker Bulldlns;.
$1300— Cottage of S rooms, high basement mod-
ern plumbing:, house In first class con-
dition; lot 25xS0; near Seventh and Fol-
som sts.: accepted patent sidewalk; sun-
ny side of street; nice garden; $1500 can
-«~» •^ m ? 1 2.^3? mor teas<» at 8 per cent
$3000— Rent $1020 per annum; balance $7000 bank
mortgage can remain: Turk st.. near 1
Larkln; 3-story and finished basement- 3
rear houses; lot 23x137:$; pays 13 per
cent on money invested.
Manhattan loan co..
Seventh Floor. Crocker Building.*
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.. '
¦ ' Real Estate Brokers,
- 41 and 42 Chronicle bufldlay.
valeccla-st barsraln: store and four rooms in
th« rear; lot 33x125: $700 cash; $2300 mort_a_a
can remain. ••»•<»
$5,5CO— Baker-st corner: near Golden Gat*
Park; 25x100; choice location for Cats.
$2,100-Cheap lot. 25x137:8; north ilda McAl-
lister, near Baker st
$900— Colllngwood, near ISth st; 25xlOB. or
will sell 80x105. *—-«.
$20,000— Beale-st Income property: w«ll rented.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO..
41 and 42 Chronicle building:.
$4500— t-STORT 8-room house, bath. etc.. on
large lot. 86x120; fina street; Mission warm
belt.
$2730— Cheapest lot in Western Addition; 23x
69: old cottage on Buchanan at. near Sutter.
$3000— Haight st.: lot 25x100; next to corner*
one block from Market st
$75 — Level lot. 25x125; near Inglesld* Track;
$23 down and $5 per month.
ROTHERMEL £ MERRILL*
- • 507 California st.
THE best building- lots in th« city; only $3
monthly: street work done and only on* blocle
from car line. OSCAR HETMAN, 14 Post st
ONLY $11 75 and you can own 6 level lots, a
4-room 'cottage, barn and chicken houses;
only 1 blcck from San Bruno road _nd car
line. OSCAR HETMAN. 14 Post st
COTTAGE of 7 rooms, bath: newly painted,
decorated: lot 25x114; sunny slda street: good
view; healthy location; easy terms; see own-
er to-day. 3732 Twenty-seccnd St., near Noe;
Castro-st cars. ' _,
FOR sale— A beautiful residence spot In warm
belt of Mission; 3549 17th st, bet. Guerrero
and Dolores: lot 77x100: cottage of 7 rooms; 1
block from old Mission Church. Applr to DR.
T. B. PEARCE. dentist, owner. 19 Third Bt
$COCO— MAKE offer; nice home of « rooms and
bath in best portion of Pacific Heights; lot 25x
127:8%: no agents. Address box 38S3, Call.
For Additional Classified Advertiso-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 21, 1901.
30
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2900— EASY terms; new home on northeast
corner Thirty-fifth and Market sts.; house
has three bedrooms with large closets, bath-
room, parlor, reception hall, dining-room,
kitchen, cement basement and all the latest ;
conveniences; lot 35x100; street work all done.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. 903 Broadway, Oak-
land. . . . .- • ¦ ¦ -
$3500— FINE large cottage home right In town;
on north side of street; lot 45x100: house has
7 large rooms, basement and all modern im-
provements; $2500 bank mortgage can remain.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 903 Broadway, Oak-
land. - ,
H250 ....FINE LOT ••• $1250
On west side of Alice at., between Seventh
; and Eighth; 30x100; cheapest lot in Oakland.
$7500— FOR EXCHANGE.
Myrtle st. home, between Eighth and Tenth
sts.; lot 50x125; large house of 9 rooms; all
modern conveniences ; will exchange for gool
building lots; rents for $50 per month. ¦ ¦ ¦'
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 903 Broadway, Oakland.
I $3250— FOR exchange; large cottage of 8 rooms,
bath and basement; lot 50x125; close to Tele-
graph ave.;' will take $2000 in tots, balance
cash or mortgage. WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR exchange— Northeast corner Ninth ave.
and East Twentieth St.; lot 75x125; house has
9 large rooms, attic, basement, furnace, five
fireplaces; all the modern improvements;
beautiful yard ; location first-class; close, to
schools and car lines; place cost owner $11,000;
a bargain to some one with first-class inside
building lots. WILLIAM J.v DINGEE,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
PRICES of lots in the Central Land Tract,
$12 50 to $17 50 per foot NOW. After August
' 1st $18 to $20 per foot. Any size desired. Easy
terms. Send for map. > _. ,
WILLIAM J.. DINGEE, 903 Broadway, Oak-
land^ ¦
$2400— ORIGINAL cost $3400.
7 rooms and bath, fine basement; corner lot,
33x120; street work complete; best neighbor-
hood. In Oakland; owners are non-residents;
hence the great reduction In price; must be
seen to be appreciated.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2700— A COZY cottage home.
Fine neighborhood, convenient to every-
thing; main- street; lot 60x115; small stable;
an ideal spot, but must be sold; seeing is be-
lieving; don't miss this. '
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250— THE finest, both in finish and architec-
tural arrangements in Oakland; the choicest
neighborhood; large lot, near business centers
and schools, etc.; terms, $400 cash.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2200— A NEW bungalow cottage, up-to-date,
five rooms and bath; an ideal home; large
lot; Mar local station and business centers;
cheap for $2000; owner must sell; wants an
offer; mortgage $1800, balance cash.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
SOUND INVESTMENTS FOR CAPITALISTS.
Hotels for sale.
Lodging-houses.
Grocery stores.
Hardware stores.
Drug 'stores.
Firty good farms for sale: some for exchange.
Business property paying 6 per cent net on
Investment.
Colony property from 10 to 25,000 acres.
Thirty-page catalogue of California homes.
Large list; may exchange.
See E. E. BUNCE, for all bargains, 9o2
Broadway. Oakland. ;
$250 CASH, $7 monthly— 4-room cottage; good
well of water; small barn, chicken shed and
run; 3 fine lots, 75x100; picket fence; excellent
soil: charming view; best climate; near two
electric car lines; 90- foot boulevard and model
school-house-; away from cold winds and fog;
90 families have located here within 3 years;
price, all told. $850. Call or send for circulars,
4"i5 Seventh st., Broadway station, Oakland.
H. Z. JONES, owner.
$300 CASH. $20 monthly; up-to-date, modern 2-
etory house of 3 rooms; all conveniences;
large lot, 150 feet deep, on Fruitvale ave.; no
fogs nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
gain; price all told, $2750; will make terms
to suit or discount for cash. 455 Seventh st.,
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner. : .
BE WISE ''
And Secure Some of the Following
BARGAINS: .
Lot 93x150. with 2 houses, one 16 rooms, one
13 rooms; 16 rooms nearly furnished; all mod-
ern; price $13,000.
Lot 120x130: 8-room house; modern; good lo-
cation; ?3200.
Lot 50x100; 5-room house; modern, up-to-date;
$1500.
House of 5 rooms; lot 60x100; well, windmill
and tank; price $1000. »
A long list of business and residence lots In
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley. :
BIDDALL & CO.. .
Real Estate Brokers.
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$850— SACRIFICE ; good 2-story house of 7
rooms and bath; lot 50x130; nice garden; close
to San Pablo-ave. cars; owner is forced to
sell; email cash payment, balance on easy
terms. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3500 WILL buy an Eastlake cottage of 7 rooms
and bath, with all modern improvements; lot
50x130; nice garden: stone walks; choice loca-
tion; sunny side of street; close to electric
cars; $250 cash, balance on easy terms.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2250— 7-ROOM cottage and bath: nice garden
and fruit treee: near Adeline-st. station;
choicest neighborhood. KOENIG & KROLL.
1006 Broadway. ' -~
{1400— INCOME 12%: flats; always rented; con-
venient to local station. KOENIG & KROLL.
. 1006. Broadway.
ARE you looking for a cash Investment In
Oakland, Berkeley or San Francisco? If so,
send your address to box 2278, Call office,
Oakland. . .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
$16 — COTTAGE, 6 rooms; near local.
$25— Furnished cottage; fine location.
$20— 6-room flat; right In town.
$22 B0— 6-room flat; finest location.
$9 — 5-room cottage; central. . .
$32 BO — 8 rooms; near local; modern.
$45 — 11 rooms; corner; steam heater.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1003 Broadway,
The House Renters of Oakland.
"-OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
________________________ ___—_.
' /FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
\- $575 — House of 4 rooms, pantry and closets,
chicken house; fine well and pump; corner;
lot 60x100; * all fenced; 2 blocks from electric i
cars.
$1150 — Bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; 7-foot basement; good brick foundation,
etc; barn; chicken house; lot 50x116; one block
from electric cars; easy terms if desired.
$1375— Choice bargain; new cottage of 4 large
rooms; 7-foot basement; good brick foundation;
bath, closets, pantry, chicken house; lot 17ox
i 150; all fenced; fine location; Just the place for
raising chickens. V ,
$1350— Sacrifice; modern cottage of 6 rooms,
basement and attic; bath, etc.; stable; chicken
house; fine well, windmill and tank; lot 50x
125; all fenced; owner must sell; don't fall to
see this place.
$1600 — Cottage of 4 rooms; all furnished; fine
well, windmill and tank; stable; chicken house,
150 chickens, incubator, [ brooder and brooder
house; fine cow and 2 hogs; lot 100x150; all
fenced. • ' : .
$1850 — Two acres of sandy loam; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; high basement;
stable and chicken houses; good well, wlndmlil
and tank; fine location; 3 blocks from electric
cars. . \
For particulars appl* to .
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station, Cal.
$1500— A MODERN 5-room cottage; high base-
ment; wash trays; windmill; 5000-gallon
tank; stable and sheds; lot 50x125; fenced;
v 2 blocks from station; $4C0 cash, balance
$15 »er month. - '
$700— 4-room hard-finished cottage; stable; well
and pump; lot 50x108; fenced; $300 cash,
balance to suit. • '.'• : ,
$1600— 6-room cottage, all modern, with high,
basement, on corner 2 blocks from sta-
tion; $200 cash, balance $17 60 per month.
$2000— A new . modern - 5-room - cottage; city
water;. lot 50x300; covered with bearing
V "••-' fruit trees; 15 minutes' walk from sta-
v..',*" '.tion; $600 cash, balance to suit. . .
$825— Fine lot 3 blocks from station; 60 feet
frontage. »i .
Apply to ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
¦ ¦'.-¦ Fruitvale Station,
¦: - Or loOO'Park si. Alameda.
- MI—_- VALLEY KEAL^ ESTATE. _ _
THE HEART OF MILL VALLEY. •
. . v Formerly known as .
¦ . The Wormonth Tract
Now to be called
. ¦ Sunnyslde Tract. ¦ - :
This beautiful tract, " consisting of over 40
acres, is now subdivided into v lots/ and are
placed upoii the market for sale. Streets are
being graded. - macadamized and sewered. The
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
of San Francisco will Issue an insurance policy
for every lot sold guaranteeing title.
For maps and full Information address •
« McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
REAL, ESTATE— -COUNTRY— -For Sale
$3000— NEW two-story building; large store on
first floor: six room . flat upstairs; small
cash payments; balance to suit purchaser.
$2500 — Modern house of seven rooms and bath ;
never occupied; $35 per month will buy
this home.
$2100— Beautiful modern house, 590 36th st, half
a block from Telegraph ave.; small 'cash
payment, balance same as rent.
$1350— New house of six rooms, desirable locali-
ty; half block from Piedmont ave. car
line; no payment down; $18 80 per month.
$_00— Cottage of five rooms and bath, 2 blocks
from car line; $16 SO per month will buy
this home.
W. E. RUDELL, Fruitvale Station.
•->:.» ,->j Or 222 Sansome st.. S. F.
GENUINE BARGAINS.
640 acres selected redwood timber land at
$6 50 per acre, choice section; 700-acre stock
ranch with 12 cattle. 50 hogs, span horses, all
implements, near Ukiah. price only $2dOO; a
big i>argain- •
160 acres In Chiles Valley, Napa County; 20
acres in vineyard; house and barn; $l&oo;
make offer. " • .
35C0 acres. 3 miles from railroad, in Mendo-
cino County; good house, new barn; only $3
per acre.
Good-paying orchards and vineyards, near
Santa Rosa, from 10 to 60 acres; fine places at
reasonable prices and easy terms.
In Contra Costa County we have for sale
Improved or unimproved farms, any size.
Write us what you want, we can suit you.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL. 507 California.
AN ideal country home of 23 acres; heart of
Santa Cruz Mountains; 62 miles from San
Francisco; elevation 1200 feet: jinexcelled
place for private sanitarium; ocean view.
145S full-bearing fruit trees, consisting of
prune, peach, - cherries, walnuts, pears, ap-
ples, figs and chestnuts.
1800 vines in full bearing; choicest table
grapes.
2500 vines; Cornlchcn grapes; 2 years old.
House of 8 rooms, barn and outbuildings;
all furniture and farming implements go with
the place; price $4230; $2000 can remain on
mortgage. Address D. BRITTON. 537 Ellis st.
THE Mezes Tract at Belmont.
Containing over 500 acres, with many beauti-
ful lots, covered with oaks and other trees
and commanding grand view; within one hour
of the city; in subdivision; price only $75 per
acre and up.
For further parttculars address
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
607 ACRES; near this city; adapted for stock
and general farming; fine residence and out-
buildings; running water and springs; beauti-
ful natural trees: splendid climate; fine roads;
an ideal and productive Cahrornia home; must
be sold to close an estate; price $10,500 for
quick sale. H. H. CRANE, -508 California St.
$5000—26 ACRES; fine paying home in Calistoga;
3 acres in fruit; 40 tons prunes raised last
year: Boil black loam; abundance of good
water; good house, 8 rooms and bath; wind-
mill and tank: barn full of hay; fruit house,
shop, etc.; fruit trays, grader, etc; two
horses; jersey cow; chickens, etc. For further
particulars address box 96. . Calistoga, Cal.
11>4-ACRE home property; short walk from de-
pot: Alameda Co.; in a perfect climate; house,
barn, etc.; fruits and vine?; beautiful sur-
roundings: Al '¦ neighborhood; fine scenery;
running water in front of place; price reduced
to $2000. H. H. CRANE, 50S California st.
FINE stock farm of 620 acres, near Marysville;
<S0 acres wheat, 15 acres garden, berries and
fruits, balance summer fallowed; water right
to 2000 inches of water goes with place; ditch
¦will cover several thousand acres; water
right alone is worth price asked for place;
this must be sold to close an estate; price $25
an acre. Box 476, Marysville, Cal.
BARGAIN— At Pleasanton, Alameda Co.; 117
acres, adjoining town limits, fronting on main
road; sugar beet and vineyard land; beauti-
fully situated for subdivision; must be sold by
order of a bank; easy terms if desired; price
$45 per acre. H. H. CRANE, 508 California.
— - FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co;, 302 California st, for pam-
phlets or information.
CHE.tP little home near depot. Alameda Co.;
fruits, flowers, cottage; furnished; all for
$1350: terms $700 cash, balance long time; 6
per cent. H. H. CRANE, 508 California 8t.
SANTA CLARA Valley land; 10 acres level,
exceptionally good; $17 monthly installments;
nothing down. Box 4453, Call office.
5 ACRES In Menlo Park; small house, barn;
fenced; running water; must eell; make offer.
HARPER, 397 Parrott building.
FOR Mendocino County stock ranches and
farms address W. M. PEERT. Ukiah, Cal.
LOVELY Millbrae residence lot; grand view.
MARK LAXE, 634 Market st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C R. WINFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call, 1G pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE3.
ROSS VALLEY— Large new modern dwelling
near station; S acres with trees and garden;
for sale or lease. JAMES TUNSTEAD. San
Anselmo.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A GOOD country hotel; near San Francisco; 40
rooms; price $5500; and a general ranch of
155 acres, improved, in Washington, prico
$4500; will exchange either for a good Hyery
stable or both for a stock ranch. Address
G. W. SCHWEIKHARD,
917 Market et., opposite Mason.
A 3-TEKEMEXT house in this city, together
with home In Fruitvale. total valuation $7000
(clear), exchange for home farm near San
Jose or Santa Rota. H. H. CRANE, 508 Cali-
fornia Et -
TO exchange — 20-acre fruit orchard. Santa
Clara Valley, for Oakland property, $8000; no
agents. Address box 4497. Call office.
A FINE residence in San Jose to exchange for
city property. Call on C. C. SMITH, 630 Mar-
ket. San Francisco.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
READ THIS "
"Nothing like It ever offered before."
Fine corner lot given away free; It won't
cost you a cent for the lot only the price of
the building. We are going to make some one
a present. ,¦
"JUST TO -ADVERTISE."
Don't delay. We positively mean what we
say. Our business Is to please you. Call at
once and see if we can.
Terms easy: money saved: homes on In-
stallments; we have the greatest bargains ever
offered. Call or write.
ALAMEDA LAND, COMPANY,
1500 Park at., Alameda.
Tel. Grand 1461.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$650— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 25xlOS.
$750— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25x100.
$1050— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25x107.
$UC0— Cottage of 6 rooms; lot 25x150.
$1200— Cottage of 6 rooms; lot 25x150.
$1500— Store and flat; lot 25x150.
$2000 — Cottage of 7 rooms; lot 88x70.
$1900— 2-story house, 7 rooms; windmill, etc.;
lot 50x150.
Modern 7, 8 and S room houses, from $3000 to
$8000.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.'
Agency New Zealand, London Assurance,
British America and Citizens' Insurance com-
panies. CHARLES ADAMS & CO?.
- Bay Station, Alameda.
CHOICE BARGAINS in Unimproved Lots.
$600— Lot 25x150; near Morton-st. station.
$650— Lot 60x140; on Broadway, near Park-et.
station.
$1000— Lot 50x120; near Morton-st. station.
$1000— Lot 50x150; Pacific ave., near Wlllow-st.
station. . .
$1100— Lot 60x150; Buena Vista ave. and Wal-
nut st.
$1000— Corner 60x140; Everett st. near Park-st.
station.
$1500— Lot 50x132; near Grand st. and Cen-
tral ave. CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
. ¦¦;:-* ¦¦ Bay Station, Alameda.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
Reliable Real Estate Agents.
$750— House of 4 rooms; lot 53 by 125; near
station and schools. ?
$1,000 — Modern 4-room cottage; near station.
$1.600— Modern 5-room cottage; beautifully lo-
cated..
$1,650— 5-room modern cottage; centrally lo-
cated. •
$2,$00— Modern S-room house; nicely situated.
$2,&00— Modern- 8-room house; San Jose ave.;
near Chestnut et.
$10,000— Fine modern 12-room • house,"' almost
new: stable; large grounds.
All of the above can be purchased on easy
terms. ¦ ¦ .
Lots In all locations.
HOUSES RENTED.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
.7 , 2326 Santa Clara Ave.,
Alameda.
Phone Paru 1023. . • .
Office open Sundays and evenings. C> :'•'¦ :¦':'
$3000— THE prettiest cottage home in all Ala-
meda; right in the bon-ton neighborhood, too-
large lot; beautiful grounds; cottage has 7
rooms and summer kitchen; modern bath and
plumbing; stable and carriage-house com-
bined; an ideal home; see it; terms easy.
Address owner.^box 2280. Call office, Oakland.
$1500 — NEW modern S-room cottace with lot;
near station; $300 cash, $12 50 per month J
H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
CHEAPEST end best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ¦¦ ...- ¦
ALAMEDA * EURMSHKD. COTTAGES.-
FOR rent — In Alameda. furnished cottage, 7
rooms; two baths; apply. ¦ mornings. 1719
Chapln st, Mastick station.
REAL ESTATP-Cnr—FOB SAJLEI '
EHAINWALD. BUCKBEB _ CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
218-—0 Montgomery Street
WALNUT-ST. LOT.
$2000- Best buy la the Presidio Heights _¦¦
f trlct.
RESIDENCE NEAR TOWN.
?88OO— Leavenworth «t. near Clay; lot 80x100
feet
CORNER, NEAR MARKET AND* SEVENTH.
J30.000— Lot 75x125 feet; rood improvements:
renting for J225; for full particular* call
at olnce.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$7000— Clay et.. near Baker; 2 modern flats; 6
and 7 rooms and bath; lot 27:6 feet
front; a rare chance.
J23.000 — Splendid business corner; close to City
Hall; transfer point; substantially im-
proved and in fine condition; rent $200
month; always rented; large lot
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FLATS.
$5500— Modern Improvements: renting for $S2 SO
per month; lot 29:6 feet front.
FINE BUILDING LOT.
$5200— Near 16th and Mission ets.; lot 65x100
ft.; fine location for flats; will pay big
Interest.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
f_,5C0— NW. corner, nr. 24th and Valencia ets.;
2 flats and house: lot SS:4x72:4V& feet.
LOOK AT THIS TO-DAY.
?_50— Cost $4000; bay-window cottage of six
rooms, bath and basement; 3649 Twen-
ty-first St.. between Church and San- .
chez; lot S0xll4 feet; a great chance to
get a house.
MARINE VIEW— BROADWAY.
$14,000— North side of Broadway, near Laguna;
residence of 9 rooms and bath: lot 32:6x
137:6 feet, with unobstructed marine
view.
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
»T0, COO — First floor, living-room, finished in
Spanish cedar, dining room In oak.
kitchen and butler's pantry; second
floor, five bedrooms and bath, porcelain
tub; attic, four bedrooms and bath, un-
finished attic for trunks; basement floor
concrete; two finished rooms; laundry,
wine closet, furnace room.
SACRAME1CTO-ST. LOT.
J1S00— North line, near Laurel st; lot 25x100
feet: street work all done; very good
neighborhood.
PAGE-ST. CORNER.
$16,000— New flats; rents $142 50 monthly; a very
pood investment; 6 tenants in all; lot
87:6x112:6 feet; rents are low and can
be increased.
EANSOME-ST. CORNER.
JIS.OOO— Two-story building; rents $110; a fore-
closure eale.
THIS IS A BARGAIN.
JS500 — Northeast corner Central ave. and Clay
' et; lot.60xlC0 feet.
LOOK AT THIS INVESTMENT.
$22,500— O'Farrell St., near Hyde; two houses;
rents $140; lot 45 feet front; a positive
bargain and must be eold.
VAX NESS, NEAR PACIFIC.
JEjOO— Van Ness ave. residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price; contains 9 rooms
and bath; near Pacific ave.; lot 25x100
feet.
MODERN FLATS.
?12,000— Oak st, near Laguna; 2 modern flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x120 ft
to rear street; rents $89; building three
years old.
SEW FLATS— IN TOWN.
$11,250— Larkln Et, near Jackson; 3 handsome
flats, now building, of 6, 7 and 8 rooms;
rent $105; lot 25x112 ft.; this is a good
opportunity to purchase new flats at a
reasonablde figure.
SUTTER-STREET FLATS.
511.000 — Sutter st., N. side, near Webster; two
modern flats of 7 and S rooms and bath;
lot 27:2x127:6 ft.; __>ry sunny; always
rented.
EHAINWALD. BUCKBEE _ CO..
tlS-220 Montgomery gt. Mills bldg.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
BT
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents,
5 Montgomery st
HOUSES AND LOTS. AND LOTS NORTH
OF MARKET AND EAST OF LARKIN.
Bush st-. near Leavenworth: 30x137^6, with
Trell-buIIt residence; can easily and at reason-
able expense be changed into flats; $11,000.
Elegant corner residence; 137:6x137:6; very
fine view on west Eouth and east; surrounded
by very solid trail; one of the cheapest prop-
erties In the city; one block from Hyde-st.
can=; $25,000.
iMontgomery-et. corner, near Clay; 37:6x137:6,
trith solid 3-story brick building; rents $190,
vacant $50. total J240; $35,000.
Lot northwest corner Leavenworth: 137:6 ft
front: suitable for houses or flats: $17,000.
Corner Jones ec. near Washington; SO, 75 or
100x137:6; cheap.
Taylor-st. investment near Post; 40-foot
front; rents J107 £0.
Fifty- vara, cor. Pin«; fine location for fiats.
Fine location on Nob Hill; lot la 52:6x60. and
house: very cheap.
Beautiful home on a northeast corner. "Ox
137:6. for $10,000.
Paciflc-Et. fiats, near Taylor; rents $27; al-
tvays rented; $3000.
O # Farrel!-st. lot. near Hyde, -with 2-Btory and
basement building: rent $40; $8000.
Corner Larkin and Francisco; 50-rara: Lar-
kln et. graded; $7500.
On Montgomery st; 8-story brick building;
C0:Sxl27:6; $15,(wO.
Jones st.. near Chestnut: t-etory In fiats;
BAN.
$0000: 31:6x60; near Powell and Clay, on Wet-
ir.ore place: cottage, 6 rooms.
Stockton Et; 66x130; rent* $150; cheap.
Cay Et; 2-story house; 23:6x127:6; $2000; near
Hyde Bt.
Tenement house on Midway «t.; rents $33 a
month; $2600.
Sutter-st. Investment; 22 :« feet front; 8-
story brick building with basement and eleva-
tor; rents 3200.
Corner Francisco and Powell; C0xS7:<; rents
$25; only $5000. . •
CONTRACT let for a new 6-room house on 23d
Et, near Douglass, Heyman tract which you
can get with ycur rent money; plan at office.
Also 2 new 4-room houses on Laundy st., near
Mission-st. carhouse end opposite terminus of
Valencla-et. car line.
$730 — Lots fronting Ocean boulevard, nr. park.
For sale— S-room house, near Ocean Beach,
<7th ave. and J st; lots 50x85; very reasonable.
$150— Lots fronting San Jose ave. and electric
road.
$750— Corner lots, E£x?3, fronting San Jose ave.
end electric road.
$250— Lots, 22x114, on 29th st. near Diamond.
Park lots, south Elde, $100, $150 and upwards;
the coming future property.
$450— North of park, near Ctoutes, 25x120.
$30— Lots. Elmhurst railroad Elation, near
Oakland; $1 down and $1 per month.
JACOB HEYMAN,
n 117 Sutter st
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
Exceptional bargain— Mission st. eear 4th-
IIxlSO feet to Jessie et.
Corner Clay st. and Central are.: lS0sS6-«-
streets all bit___xe_ ;..~~" '
Jackson st. near Van Ness. ave.; elegant res-
idence: every modern convenience; 14 rooms
&nd two baths; furnace; every room sunny
foreclosure e&le; your own price; see this at
• once.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 30 Montgomery st
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Bargains In Sunset. See them at once.
Sunset Branch Office. Sth ave.. near H st.
$500 to $300 each— Graded and sewered; build- '
Ing up fast; superb view of park and ocean-
$10 monthly.
IICO. J150. S200 to $350— Choicest ocean boule-
vard lots, ready to build on; $5 monthly.
$75, $100 to $230-Level lots near Mlsslon-st
cars; splendid bargains, for choice homes; $s
monthly. '
CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTS.
$400 to $800— We never fall to suit; on choic-
est ctreets; on very easy terms.
tlOOO. 31S50. $2000 to $3500— Elegant cottages In
Richmond, Sunset and Mission districts: all
bargains: on Installments.
SOL GETZ _ BROTHER,
64 Chronicle building.
$6SO0— TERMS to suit: handsomely decorated
eunny 10-room residence; substantially lsunt,
finished by day work; every possible latest Im-
provement: heaters, registers, 6 basins, plate
end art glass windows; marine & park view;
the choicest of any near panhandle; large lot
26:6x100; Fulton et.. nr. Shrader: Hayes or
McAllister fit. cars; open from 11 to 4:30.
FOR eale as a whole or In subdivisions; 50-
vam lot; eouth line Union st.: 137:6 feet ea&t
of Pierce. Lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce ets., 102:6x137:6 feet. . Inquire of
.CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
324 Montgomery ft
{2750 — BUYS property with restaurant, 4 rooms
and bath in rear, etc S14 Central ave.
ARE you looking for a cash investment in San
Francisco, Berkeley or Oakland? If so. send
your address to box 2273. Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale — New 4 rooms and bath cottage; very
cheap; easy terms. £2 Prospect ave.. Mission.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$725— J100 CASH, balance $10 per month; 5
rooms, well and tank; lot 50x130; chicken
house and vard; 2 blocks' to cars. W. C.
MORAN & CO. - ¦
JSOOO— THE grandest investment in Berkeley;
18 rooms completely furnished and all rented;
lot 5CxlS5; only 2 blocks to university grounds;
rooms never empty; house and lot ¦worth more
than thi3 without furniture. W. C. MORAN
& CO. -^
$150 TO $500— Acre lots. W. C. MORAN. & CO.
JJOO— WHEELER Tract lots. W. " C. MORAN
& CO. - '¦ ¦' ¦."-.::
$:2CO-$300 CASH." balance $20 per month; street
! work all done; 1 block from Berryman sta-
tion; 6 large rooms and bath; fine mantel:
stationary tubs; grand view. W. C. MORAN
& CO. : -
$2750— NEW 6-room cottage; $400 down, . balance
$20 per month; 2 blocks from Berry man sta-
tion; 6treet work all done; fine neighborhood.
W. C. MORAN & CO.. Lorin, and Schmidt
block, Berkeley. . ' -
BE YOUR OWN LANDLORD.
Cottage, 6 rooms, in good condition; conve-
nient to station; large lot; mindmill and
tank; good water; barn and chicken house;
price $1100; $100 down, $12 50 per month.
HOME REALTY CO. . ' " '
GENUINE bargain — Modern 2-story hou6e of %
rooms, bath, etc., on fine corner; central loca-
tion; 2 blocks from station; lot 40x130; about
10 minutes' walk to university; price $2000;
$150 down, balance $20 per month. HOME
REALTY CO. " ¦' '
OWNER must sell; make offer— New modern
l*4-story house, 6 rooms, bath, etc.; conveni-
ent to station and stores; lot 40x117; price
$1SOO; $100 down, $17 50 per month. HOME
REALTY CO. .__
NEW stylish up-to-date house of 8 rooms and
bath; high basement: 3 minutes' walk to
local, half block to electric; cars; price $2000;
$200 down, balance $18 monthly.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin sta-
tion. Office west side r.f railroad tracks. Open
Sundays. HOME REALTY CO.,
Formerly RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
NEW 7-room, 2-story colonial house; large
rooms; fine mantel; electric fixtures; porce-
lain bath, laundry tubs; all fine open plumb-
ing; right up to date; only 2 minutes to R.
R. station; lot 40x100; price $2400. For terms
call .on J. R. PERKINS, j Lorin station,
Berkeley.
CALL and see the 2 new 5-room cottages I
am building: high basement; mantel; all the
latest plumbing; well, tank and windmill;
10 minutes to R. R. station; price only $1400:
$100 cash ; balance on easy payments. J. R.
PERKINS, Lorin station, Berkeley.
FINE, new, up-to-date 8-room, 2-story colonial
house, porcelain bath, electric fixtures, man-
tel; a fine, convenient home for somebody;
price ?2j00 . for cash, or will exchange for
country or San Francisco property. J. R.
PERKINS, Lorin station, Berkeley, formerly
Oellerich & Perkins.
THIS is just the place you are looking for;
near the university and public school; house
of G rooms; lot 50x135; street work all done;
an ideal home; only $2700.
$5250 — House of 9 rooms, all modern improve-
ments; east of Telegraph ave. and north of
Dwight way; a bargain.
$6000 — House of 13 rooms; leased for $50
monthly; first-class Investment
$2200— A fine business corner, 40x113; a
money-making proposition.
JOSEPH J. MA1SON. Real Estate,
Adjoining P. O., Berkeley.
ONLY $2750— New 7-room houses, comple^e in
every particular, containing window shade
combination fixtures and the Sunlight water
heater, enabling you to get hot water at any
time during the day or night without fire;
on the sunny side of street and near the
cars. Aroly to JOSEPH J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley station.
NOTE the following special chances:
$1350 — A little gem for the money; lot 40x100;
new modern cottage, 5 roomsi bath, pantry,
etc.; brick" foundation; tinted walls; hot and
cold water: $150 cash, $16 per month.
$2600 — New 2-story modern up-to-date house;
7 fine rooms: lot 40x135; macadamized street;
$300 cash, balance like rent.
$2750— Lot 40x112; specially well built; 2-story
modern home; 6 fine rooms, reception hall,
bath, pantry, etc.
-$4100 — An eleeant home; 8 spacious rooms,
large reception hall, fine bath, pantry, etc..
and laree attic: 2 mantels; tinted walls; con-
crete walks; fine corner on 100-ft. avenue; just
look at this; small cash payment and easy in-
stallments to right parties.
H. D. . IRWIN. Lorin station.
HOMES IN BERKELEY.
Houses for sale from $850 upward.
Lots for sale from $250 upward.
Many fine bargains with easy terms.
We have houses and lots that will suit you
as to price and location.
A very large list of property to choose from.
If you Intend to live in Berkeley while your
boys and girls go through the university you
had better apply your rent money on the pur-
chase o' a home; it will be better than rent re-
ceipts.
Good residence property In "West Berkeley,
where the big furniture factory is going up.
SATOFF & WILKINS,
2121 Center street,
Berkeley. Cal.
$S00— PRETTY 4-room cottage; flowers and
trees; a snap.
$1250 — 5-room cottage; high basement; good lot.
$20007-7-room house and bath; street work all
done; grand view; a bargain.
$2800— Modern cottage of 5 rooms, etc.; street
¦work all done: near cars.
$3200 — Pretty 6-room modern home; Improved
street.
$3750— Modern up-to-date home; near college;
large lot; street Improved.
$5000 — Fine new home In scenic park.
MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley Station.
No. 148 — $8000; 18 rooms; house new and newly
• furnished; one of the finest boarding-
houses in town; one block from U. C.
grounds; the house is full of boarders
at present.
No. 165 — $5500; 14-room house; rented for 2 years
at $50 per month; this is a good invest-
ment
No. 185— $2200; new 6-room house; cement walks.
No. 194— $5000; 10-room house; south front: lot
. £0x130.
S. S. QUACKEITBUSH.
Opp. First National Bank. .Berkeley.
$6500— LARGE 2-story, 20 rooms; all modern
Improvements; lot 50x140; rents for $700 cash
a year; near university; good income.
$300— Corner Telegraph ave. and Falrvlew
St.; lot 46x125.
$1700— Corner Scenic ave. and Cedar st; lot
60x125.
$650— Corner on Ellis st.: lot 45x120.
ROTHERMEL & MERRILL. 507 California.
$7500— BEAUTIFUL Berkeley home at a sacri-
fice; 2-story residence of 13 rooms; all mod-
ern; porcelain bath; open plumbing; high
basement; brick foundation; lot 55x130 feet;
sloping lawn; choice flowers; cement walks;
north side of Durant ave., near university;
property cost $10,000.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2250— ON monthly payments, new 6-room cot-
tages just completed, near station: all mod-
ern Improvements and conveniences. Mo-
BRIDE, Golden Gate Station; take Berkeley
train.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE].
A SPLENDID LIST OF VALUES. '
$3350 or $3750 — 40 or 50 foot lot with 9-robm
residence, newly painted and papered, just
east of Broadway; an excellent central loca-
tion; fine neighborhood; a special sacrifice to
Bell immediately; see at once. .- ..
$3650— Ideal suburban home; new colonial
style; 8 rooms; two acres choicest fruit; every-
thing Al shape.
$1450 — Must sacrifice; bank mortgage $1200 can
remain; 2 years old; Dutch colonial cottage, 4
rooms, reception hall, porcelain bath, mantel,
gas fixtures; street complete; a pickup.
$18,000— Cost $2f,000; one of the choicest homes
in Oakland: construction, architecture and lo-
cation the finest; heirs are forcing a sacrifice;
built in 1891 and in fine order. .
$5000— Handsome modern 7-room fiats, up to
date in every detail; rents $50 month; choice
residence location. . -j
$3100— Near Clinton station, East Oakland, and
within walking . distance of Broadway; extra
good two-story S-room house, 8 years old;
worth $4500; corner lot; this Is a choice home
bargain. -- - N . : ' T .'.'
JUST COMPLETED. .7 i'/ .
$4000 and $4500 each— Two handsome (latest
architecture) 8-room residences, fronting beau-
tiful Telegraph ave.; the terms we will make
to suit you; cheaper than rent; see us for full
particulars.
A special sacrifice; $7500: Alice st.. Lakeside
district; 12-room home; owner non-realdent; ot-
ter wanted; must sell; cost $12,000; see this. • :
See us for Oakland Real Estate. ." - \ . • ¦:.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Offices and Salesroom,
' 4G0 and 462 Eighth st., -
.;"'-' * * -\ Oakland.'
WHO will sell me in Oakland, convenient f to
locals, a lot about 40 ft. front and erect a hard
, finished, modern, 4-room house, according to
my • plan? - Payment $200 down , and monthly
Installments: answer with description of lo-
cality. Address box 3954,' Call office. 1
¦ ROOMS Ajrp A31P.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; test corner In
Oakland ; unsurpassed family tab'.e, 25o per
meal; $4 per week: every accommodation and
attention. - 1103% Broadway, cor. Twelfth st.,
third flat Oakland.
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management: modern; sunny rooms: ta-
ble ' board ; , unexcelled. Tel. Choich 1181. .
NICELY furnished front room, with or without
board; private family; suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen. Box 39C0, Call office.
BEULAH, 135— Sunny rooms, with, or without
board, In artistically furnished home, nr. park, j
CALIFORNIA. S07— Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel; exceptional table; atractive rms.
EDDY, 616— Board and room for lady or gen-
tleman; private family; reasonable.
ELLIS 1127— Nicely furnished alcove room; sun
all day; water; private family; board optional.
SUNNY front rooms, board; two $36 per month.
J10 Twelfth st
THE HEATH.312 Eddy— Nicely furnished funny
front rooms, en sulte.alngle; excellent cuisine.
THE Victor, 1006 Pine — New management; thor-
oughly renovated; sunny suites with board.
I HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home) — Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
'the Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS AND BOARD WAXTED^
BOARD and room with private family In the
.warm belt of the Mission for young couple;
one cr two nicely furnished rooms. Box 44S4,
Call office. ,
WANTED— By S young ladles, room and board
in private family: convenient to business dis-
trict. Box 43S2, Call. ¦¦
WANTED— By gentleman and wife, rooms and
board in good location. Box 3Si>9. Call office.
- ROOMS "WANTED.
WANTED— First part of August, with> owner
or permanent tenant, by elderly couple, 2
large or 3 medium unfurnished rooms, which
i must be carpeted: conveniences for house-
keeping; use of bath; German preferred; no
children; north of Market; centrally located:
references exchanged; answer all particulars.
Address F. X. J.. box 39C1. Call Office.
LADY will give services few hours five days
a,, week in exchange for 1 or 2 housekeeping
rooms as part pay. Address box 3S66, Call.
COUPLE without children want 4 unfurnished
rooms, not to exceed $20. Box 3885, CalL
CHEAPEST and best in America.— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for fl.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought. 6old, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following -orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned children, also found-
lings, have been received in the orphanage
from December 31, 1900. to June 30. 1901:
Charles Dragler. 7 yrs. S mos. ; Henry Drag-
ler, 5 yrs. 6 mos.; Antony Marino, 5 days;
Mary 7 yrs., Margaretta 7 yra. and Joseph
Olsen 3 yrs. ; Catherine Gibbons, 5 yrs. I mo. :
Catherine 9 yrs. 3 mos.. Anna 7 yrs. and
Henry Mennors 3 yrs. 6 mos.: Virginia Klrby,
6 yrs. 7 mos.; Rose 5 yrs and Lewis Passolot
5 yrs. 6 mos.; Banodino Bartona, 3 yrs. 3
! mos.; Louis Drexil, 5 yrs. 5 mos.; Martii
Samuels. S yrs.; Ida Woldloff, 6 yrs.; Cliff
Kuntz, 2 yrs. 1 mo.; Harry Russ. 5 yrs.; Mary
7 yrs. 1 mo. and Bernice McClelland S ST3.
10 mos.; George McKann. 5 yrs. 7 mos. ; Ada
7 yrs. 4 mos. and Michael Doland 6 yrs.: John
Larken, 2 yrs. 1 mo.; John 3 yrs. 6 mos. and
i Evalyn Kessler 5 yrs. 10 mos.; Lucy 5 yrs.
10 mos. and Lizzie Giovanina 4 yrs. S mos.:
i Edith Doland. 9 yrs.: Magdalina 5 yrs. 11
< mos. and Fulton Vannlci 4 yrs.: John d'Arsy.
8 yrs. 1 mo.; MIra 10 yrs.. Ernest 8 yrs.,
Josie 9 yrs., Eleanora 5 yrs. and Katherine
Gianetti 1 yr. 10 mos.: Mary Smith, 3 yrs. 6
mos.; Gertrude 3 yrs. 7 mos. and John Daley
2 yrs. 11 mos.; Gertrude 5 yrs. 11 mos. and
Mary Sullivan Z yrs.; Irene 10 yrs. 10 mos.
and Raymond Doland 2 yrs. 11 mos.: Albert
8 yrs. 6 mos., Gordon 1 yr. 8 mos.. Kenth 4
yrs. 10 mos. and Constance Heanery 6 yrs. 8
mos.; Katherine 4 yrs. and Edward Slatten
8 yrs. : Ellenor Edwards, 4 yrs. ; Olander Mur-
rey, 3 yr*: Edward 3 yrs. 11 mos.. Lewis 2
yrs. and Bertha Kavanagh 5 yrs. 5 mos.;
: Elenore Brady, 12 yrs.; Iona 7 yrs. and Mary
Glad win 3 yrs. 7 mos.; Mary 10 yrs. 8 mos.,
Frederick 3 yrs. 3 mos. and Bertha Louis 4
yrs. 10 mos.: Dante Tarrabori. 6 yrs. 3 mos.:
Katherine Kalhl. 3 yrs. 1" mo.; Gertrude 5
yrs. 10 mos. and Francis Kelley 2 yrs. 11
mos. ; Mariana Purdee. 5 yrs. 10 mos. ; John
6 yrs. 3. mos. and Catherine Matthews i yrs.
2 mos.; Margarlte Kalsar. 8 yrs. 10 mos.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society hereby gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been received at the asy-
lum on Haight st. from January 1, 1901, to
July 1. 1901: Angelina Willet. 7 yrs.: Delia
Wiltet, 2 yrs. 10 mos.: Emma L. Henniger,
4 yrs. 3 mos. : Annie Kenyon. 9 yrs. ; Rachel
• Kenyon. 6 yrs. ; Minnie Iverson. 12 yrs. 10
mos. : James Farley. 7 yrs. 7 mos. : Raymond
Francis, 6 yrs. 4 mos.; Herbert E. Francis,
6 yrs. 9 mos.; Martin Kvalvlg, 11 yrs. 1 mo.;
Albert Lake. 7 yrs. ; Harry Lake. 4 yrs. ; Clar-
ence Stephenson. 7 yrs.; Charles F. Henniger,
2 yrs. 10 mos. : Thomas Semler, 12 yrs. 5 mos. :
j Henry Hanson. 5 yrs.; Arthur Davis. 9 yrs. 8
mos. ; George Kvalvlg, 9 yrs. 3 mos. ; Herbert
O. Love, 6 yrs. 6 mos.; Georyo Elliot, 3 yrs.
6 mos. » •
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ledles" In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., Philadel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. " PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
STORAGE AND" WAREHOUSES.
PIE^OT^R^D^?H~^toragT^nT15o^Sg^CoTI
office Post and Powell Ets.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN "WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFTJSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 712 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
SUMMER RESORTS.
WANTED— A few boarders at Overlook Farm,
Los Gatos; fine views, fruit and vegetables;
prices reasonable. X. E. BECKWITH.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
G^EAT^BXRGAINiniN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, S36 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in sight CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 48S5.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up.. 209 Sansome.
" PROPOSALS^
PROPOSALS will be received at the office of
the Paymaster of the Navy Yard, Mare Isl-
and, Cal,, until 1 o'clock p. m., August 26.
1301, and publicly opened immediately there-
after, for the purchase of refuse from the
brass foundries at the Navy Yard, for the
fiscal year 1902. Blank proposals will be fur-
nished on application to the Paymaster of
the Navy Yard, Mare Island, Cal. MERRILL
MILLER, Rear Admiral, U. S. N., Command-
ant, Navy Yard and Station. '
___RRIAGE LICEirSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Patrick Kilcoyne, 23. 1113 Bryant street and
Hanoria Denlhen, 24, 1113 Bryant street.
Jarr.es P. Daly, 21. 12 Hollis street, and Mary
Flinn. 17, 12 William street.
Joseph A. Ladd, 23, Vallejo, and Ada H.
Taylor. 19. Vallejo.
Frank X. - Ebner. SO. 1622 Sutter street and
Louise Entwissle. 22. 873 Broadway.
Gsorce B. Green, 30, Stege, - and Elizabeth
Egan, 29, 225 Dorland" street.
John P. Nash. 34. 58 Morris avenue, and
Annie T. Gray. 30. Los Gatos.
Peter Bunts. 45. 818 Bryant street, and Mary
Keegan, 40, 243 Minna street.
Fred C. Boeckmann. 21, 936 Haight street
and Clara M. Bylngton. 18, 1412 Post street
Charles A. Dealey, 34, city, and Annie H.
Lyons, 25, city.
George P. Burke, 42, 566 Geary street ' and
Josephine Johnson. 28. Santa. Cruz.
BIRTHS— MARRUQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
bobn. . _f ;'*,{-"
ABRAMOWITZ— In this city. July 17, 1901, to
the wife of J. L. Abramowitz, a daughter.
BERETTA— In this city, July 8, 1901. to the
wife of C. L. Beretta, a son. a
FORrfEST— In this city, July 17. 1901, to the
wife of William Forrest, a daughter.
HOPKINS— In* this city, July*. 1901. to the
wife of B. H. Hopkins, a daughter. .
LENT— In this city, July 14, 1901. to the wife 1
of A. H. Lent a daughter.
O' NEIL— In this city. July 12, 1501. to the wife
• of Dennis J. O/Nell. a son.
RHEIN— In this city. July 9,1901,. to the wlfa
of Ed Rheln, a daughter.
Ay. . yrA'R.'B.TTm. "
BAXTER— REIMER— In this city, JBly IT. -W. '
by the Rev. Paul M. Spencer, wifTn D. Bax- ¦
ter and Florence R. Relmer.
HORTON— JONES— In Pacific ©rove, at th»
home of the bride's mother, July 15, 1901. Vy
the Rev. J. N. Martin. Fred A. Horton of
Fernley, Nevada County, and Mary _, Jones
of Pacific Grove.
HUBLER— WATSON— In this City. J_T »,
190L by the Rev. William Rader, Fred K.
Hubler and Lucea M. Watson, both of Port-
land. Or.
MULLETS— COLLOPY— In this elty. June 28.
1901. -at St. Mary's Church (Pauliat). by the
Rev. Father Smith. T. J. Mulllns and Mamie
E. Collopy.
PEERS— STEWART— In this city. July JO,
1901. by the Rev. T. B. E. Shore. Dr. Rob-
ert A. Peers of Colfax. Cal., and Lola. S*.
Stewart of Toronto. Canada.
SHARPSTEIN— KINNEY— In San Diego. June.
23, 1901. by the Rev. J. H. Harwood. J. P.
Sharpstein of San Francisco and Mabel Col-
lier Kinney of San Dieso.
DIED.
; Agard. Marlon C. Loewl. Abe S.
Attwood. Catherine Lowney, Mary
Barry. James F. Lynch. John
Bowra. George McMahon. Jennie T.
Brennan, Rev. John Morrissey, Jennie
Brown, Mlna E. Murphy, Dennis W.
Carmody, Patrick Nager. Joseph A..
Connich. Glacomo Nlchelson. Marie C
Cuneo, Victoria Nixon. Jane
Dryer, Mrs. Margaret Nolan. Sara M.
Ehlers. August Peterson. Emma A.
Grayson. Robert R. Pickers_ll. Wm. C.
Hauser. John F. Eavon. Arcisa.
Keegan. Mary J. Sutro. Charles
Leroux. Annie ___^
AGARD— In this city, July 19. 1901. Marlon
Catharine Agard, beloved daughter of Mrs.
W. B. Agard. and sister of John A. Agard of
Arizona, Mrs. George Westland of Oakland
and W. A. T., G. L. and A. H. A*ard of
San Francisco, a native of California, aged
37 years 5 months and 23 days.
fc-Jf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at St. Peter's Episcopal Church, corner of
Filbert and Stockton streets, at 3 o'clock
this day (Sunday). Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
ATTWOOD— In this city. July 20, 1901. Cath-
erine B.. beloved wife of Hugh Attwood. a
native of Ewlngtown, Ohio. (Portsmouth
and Delaware, Ohio, papers please copy.)
ICRemains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 318 Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary. Fu-
neral and Interment at Ewingtown, Ohio.
BARRY— In this city, July 20. 190L James F.,
beloved husband of Mary E. Barry, and
father of .William L.. John A. and Alfred _.
Barry. Mrs. T. Pringle. Mrs. E. Savery, Mrs.
"J. Pierce. Mrs. D. B. Richards and Mrs. H.
E. Joy, a native of Ireland, aged 58 years.
BOWRA— In this city, July 19, IDOL George,
beloved son of Francis and Lydia Bowra.
and brother cf Harry and Francis Bowra and
Mrs. P. Fautley. a native of London. Eng-
land, aged 34 years 10 months and 27 days.
lt7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
icrs of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Mount
: Olivet Cemetery.
BRENNAN— In Paris, July 19, 1301, the Her.
John 'Brennan, pastor of the Church of t_»
Nativity, Menlo Park. Cal.
C7A solemn requiem mass for the repose
of hla soul will be celebrated In Menlo Park,
to-mcrrow (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock. Th«
reverend clerey and ether friends ars re-
spectfully invited to attend.
BROWN— In Alameda, July 20, 1901. Mlna
Elizabeth Brown, beloved ¦wife of Edward
Brown, and mother of Ethel. Arthur M. and
Herbert H. Brown, Mrs. Jessie H. Jones and
Mrs. I. F. Halton.
(CTFuneral services to-morrow (Monday),
at 2 o'clock, at her late residence. 1823 Santa
Clara avenue. Alameda. Interment private.
CARMODY— In this city. July 18. 1901, Patrick
Carmody, beloved brother of Mrs. A. Black.
a native of County Limerick. Ireland, ased
15 years.
iC?"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
1 Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1233 Market street between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to Mission Dolo-
re? Church for services. Interment Holy
; Cross Cemetery.
CONNICH— In this city. Glacomo. dearly be-
loved husband of Fetrinelia Connich. and
father of Antone and Thomas Connich, Mrs.
M. Boglsich and Mrs. P. Jurich, a native of
St. Stefano, Dalmatia, Austria, aged H
years.
t7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 315 Green street, thence to St3. Peter
and Paul's Italian Church, where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CUNEO (nee ASSALINO)— In this city. Vic-
toria Cuneo (nee Assallno), dearly beloved
wife cf Charles J. Cuneo, sister of Mrs.
Amie Cerrutl.. and daughter of the late Sal-
vatore and Katherine Assalino. a native c*
San Francisco, aged 27 years and 3 days.
C3Triend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at i o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1306 Powell street, thence to Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DRYER— In Benicia,- July 19.- 1301. Mrs. Mar-
garet Dryer, mother of Mrs. Ella M. Cole-
man, a native of Boston, Mass.. aged 63
years 4 months and 5 days.
ITJyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-"
dence. "West F street. Benicia.
EHLERS— In Hanover, Germany, Juns 27, 1901.
August Ehlers, husband of the late. Lena
Ehlers^ and father of Paul and Henry Ehlers.
GRAYSON— In this city. July 20. 1901. Rob-
ert Rawsbn Grayson. beloved son of George
W. and Eliza, J. Grayson. aged 35 years 6
months and 4 days.
EXThe .funeral will be held to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
George W. Grayson. Esq.. Ninth and Madi-
son streets. Oakland, under the auspices of
San Francisco Lodge No. 3*- Benevolent and
Protective Order of Elks. *
HAUSER— III this city, July 20, 190L John F.,
beloved husband of Emma Hauser, and
father of Katie. Carrie, Gus^ie, Anna, Char-
lie and Willie Hauser. a native of Wurtem-
burg. Germany, aged 53 years 11 months and
16 days.
C^Remains will be shipped this day (Sun-
day), at 3 o'clock, tp Forbestown, where-
services will be held. Remains at the fu-
neral parlors of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co.. 313 Mason street, between O'FarreU and,
Geary.
KEEGAN— In this city. July 23. 190L Mary
Jane, beloved wife of James Keegan. daugh-
ter of Catherine and the late John Murray,
mother of John, James, George, Frank. Fred-
erick. Henry, Lewis, Thomas, Catherine.
Mary. Agnes and Monica Keegan and Mrs.
W. F. Hanrahan, and sister of T. H. Mur"-'
ray and Mrs. C. C. Duhaln, a native of New
Jersey, aged 55 years II months and IS days.
(New Jersey and Marysvllle, Cal., . papers
please copy.) «
ET'Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2432 Mission street, between Twen-
- tieth and Twenty-first, thence to St. James
Church. ¦ where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LEROUX— In this city. July 19. 1901. Annie,
beloved wife of Thomas Leroux. mother of the
late Mrs. John Dunphy and James Leroux and
Mrs. William Schroder and Joseph" and Ab-
ble Leroux, and sister of Mrs. Michael Mul-
laney and Edward and the late Frank. Mor-
rison, a native of Ireland.
ICThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com- -
pany. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
thence to St Paul's Church, corner Twenty-
ninth and Church streets, where a requiem
high mass Trill be celebrated for the repose
. of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
LOEWI-July 18. 1901. Abe 8. Loewl. dearly
beloved husband of Jennie Loewl. and
brother of Mrs. Henrtette Spiegel and Mrs.
Jennie Altman of Buffalo, N. Y.. a native o£
Alabama, aged 52 years. (Buffalo, N. Y..
papers please copy.) ¦ ¦? > *
CTFriends are respectfully mvltea to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 10
o'clock, from the residence of B. Getleson.
1830 Sutter street. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. Funeral and Inter-
ment .private. Please" omit flowers.
LOWNEY— In this city. July 18. 1901. Mary,
youngest and beloved daughter of Daniel D.
Continued on Page Thirty-two.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan _ Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBA_M_RS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. ¦
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 23 Fifth st Tel. South 167.
rCNEBAL DIBSCT033 AKS E_BAL_X__
Finest Equipment at Moderate Ratea.
" JAMBS McGINN,
with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy gt., bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
SAi* FRANCISCO, Cal.— Notice Is hereby given
_at CHARLES H. JACOB of the firm of "
CHARLES H. JACOB & CO.. funeral direc-
tors and embalmers, 31S ilason street, has.
by order of court. . had his name changed to
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN, by reason of
which the name of his firm becomes
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN _ CO. Under
this name he continues to do business at _>a
¦ame place. Telephone Main 52U» — ; ',—-<.
HAYWARDS ADVERTISEMENTS
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL BARGAINS— Haywards Property.
7 acres, 1 acre fruit, 1 acre vines; good house,
• 5 rooms, bath, pantry, hot and cold water;
well, windmill and tank; barn, chicken-
houses; about 300 chickens; 2 incubators; 4
brooders; brooder-house; horse; buggy; buck-
board; kitchen stove connected with hot
water boiler; parlor stove; 15 minutes' walk
to electric road; must be seen to be appre-
ciated : improvements worth the money asked ;
price $2250. P. WILBERT. Haywards, Cal.
14«£ ACRES fine valley land, half In fruit;
house: barn; chicken-house; well; price $4000.
P..; WILBERT. Haywards, Cal. ..
3 ACRES: hard-finished house, 4 rooms; barn;
chicken-houses; well; some fruit; price $1500.
P., WILBERT. Haywards, Cal.
10 ACRES; good house; barn; well, windmill
*and tank; several acres fruit; price $3500. P.
WILBERT, Haywards, Cal.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN, 729—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent $8. ¦ .
BROADWAY, 410-412— The most elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms In locality: single and"
housekeeping; rents reasonable; first-class at-
tention. . ' . ' .'
CALIFORNIA, 1304— Four or five newly fur-
nished sunny rooms; entirely separate; rea-
sonable. ¦ •¦ ¦
CAPP, 614—2 largFsunny rooms furnished com-
pletely for housekeeping. ¦
DAY, 422. 1 block from 29th-st. cars— A good
home for respectable lady; no rent; an el-
lerly lady living alone wishes company.
DESIRABLE suite," housekeeping; newly fur-
nished. 847 Golden Gate ave. .
EDDY, 933—3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
all conveniences; private residence; no chil-
dren^ . ¦
FOLSOM, 834— $1 50 week, sunny housekeeping
room; stove: closet; bath; private. -_
FOLSOM, 1001, corner Sixth— 2 nice rooms for
housekeeping reasonable to nice people.
FOURTH. 225-^Nice front room, suitable for 2
gentlemen or man and wife; with kitchen.
GEARY, 408— Three nicely furnished rooms;
, rent $20. .
HAIGHT. 222— Two perfectly appointed house-
keeping rooms for couple; telephone; refs.
HOWARD, 720, nr. 3d— A front single room;
! also housekeeping rooms ;¦ reasonable.
HOWARD, 1064— Two sunny front rooms;
housekeeping; cheap. . •
HYDE, 412 — Sunny unfurnished parlors and al-
cove; also basement suite of 2 or 3 rooms.
McALLISTER, 2000, corner Central ave— 2 sun-
ny rooms furnished for housekeeping: sink;
$10: also 2 housekeeping rooms. $7 per mo.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished . front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
MINNA, 322— Housekeeping rooms; also sunny
double rooms; rent moderate.
NEW modern apartment house; suites 2. 3 and
5 rooms for housekeeping; electric lights; gas
ranges; baths. The, Malar Flats, 531 Turk st.
OAK. 118—2 front basement rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; yard; $10.
OCTAVTA, 1403. corner Geary— Bay-window
room and kitchen; other sunny rooms; day,
week or month.
POLK, 1002 — 3 and S room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping. $15 up; reference.
POWELL, 415%— Two unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; in the rear.
SOUTH PARK. 184— One nicely furnished room
for housekeeping.
STOCKTON, 1307— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
THE BELL. 1773 Market— Sunny suites for
housekeeping, $10 up; singles, $6 up.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, nr. Dolores— 3 iiunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
VALENCIA, 834 1 /!— Housekeeping rooms, front
¦ parlor, kitchen, furnished complete; gas,
bath and sink.
WILLOW ave., 10, off Larkln, near Eddy— 2
rooms furnished for gen. hskpgr; no children.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109i
Valencia st. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and llnlarn.
ROOMS ~i TO LET.
A— Fnr rooms, apartments, housekeeping, - fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny St.; tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALABAMA, 1220A— Large sunny front room
furnished or unfurnished, In nice flat; refs.
ARLINGTON House, 112 Kearny St.— Pleasant,
sunny rooms.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BUENA VISTA" ave.. 449, near Frederick St.—
: 5 fur. or unfur. rooms or more; stable; tel.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHESTNUT, 293— Two nicely furnished sunny
rooms.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DOLORES, S82, near 16th— Front room fur-
nished; large closet; rent $4 50.
EDDY, 210 — Parlor suite for doctor or profes-
sional man; also single and double rooms.
FOLSOM, 834— $1 week, sunny furnished room,
closet, bath; front room, $1 20 week; private.
GEARY, 824 — A nice cozy room; gentleman.
GEARY, 1012— One sunny furnished room with
• use of telephone.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
'week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
JESSIE, 3G3, near Fifth and Market— 2 fur-
nished connecting rooms: suitable 3 persons.
JONES, 321, near Ellis— Sunny suite of rooms;
all conveniences; also single rooms; reason-
able.
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
LAGUNA, 1131, opposite Jefferson Square— Nice
elegantly furnished large rooms. .
LARGE elegant room; corner house; central;
bath., gas and phone; cheap. Box 3846. Call.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 33c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MASON, 503— Handsome suite; also single
rooms; very reasonable; centrally located.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished : private; bath: slnsje rooms $10 up.
MINNA 434— Larrfe room nicely furnished for
1 or 2; $6.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1524— Sunny upper furnished room,
$10; 2 unfurnished rooms, $10.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; eiec. lights: day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell — Furnished front suite
and single rooms. $3 week up: transient. -
POLK, 60S— 3 sunny unfurnished rooms; sunny
yard. • : ¦'¦• '•
POST, S27 — Two rooms, complete for house-
keeplng, $20; small room. $4. ' t
POWELL, 2» (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.: baths: transient
POWELL, 417 — Newly furnished rooms; house-
keeping if desired.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room* smoking-room and ladies par-
" Jor; rooms, per night. 85c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$8; month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SANCHEZ. 205%, nr. 15th and Market— A fine.
sunny front parlor for one or two; $8 for two,
: $7 for one. *¦ '
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S . Eighth' . St..
) near, Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHIPLEY, 243— Sunny furnished rooms; private
family; for gentleman or lady. .
SIXTEENTH, 3025, near Mission — Double and
single rooms for gentlemen; bath; gas; run-
nlng water. - ¦¦ • •
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
• single rma. ; run, water; baths: phone; cheap.
THE Bachelor, 18 Mason St.— 100 furnished
- rooms, 50c up; elevator: electric lights : in
every room; return call bells;~-flrst-class;
¦ newly furnished • and renovated;'-, central;
quiet; gentlemen only.
TURK, 543— Clean, quiet room, on parlor floor;
bath and gas: $10 per month.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions r has been established at - 1006
Valencia st,, .
CO.EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Sterling Exchanged 60 days!..... — $4 85%
Sterling , Exchange, sight — • ¦ 4 88Vi
Sterling. Cables — 4 89^
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Owing to the. absence of Mayor Phelan
and Treasurer Brooks from the city tha
regular meeting of the- Commissioners
yesterday was postponed.
Condition of Annuity Funds.
The following statement of the public
school teachers' annuity and retirement
fuiMjs on July 1, 1901. was Issued yester
day: . .
Deposited Jn Hibernla Savings and Loan So
ciety - $5119 56; German Savings and Loan So
cle'y* $5387 79; Security Savlng3 Bank. $3772 «;
city and county treasury. J3C05 56; total,
In°permanent fund. $13,335 10; checks of an-"
nuities to be paid. $2623 90: balance In annuity
and retirement fund. $333 34; total, $16,335 34.
F.or Saturday business In local stocks and
bonds' was good and fluctuations were, numer
ous.'. The light stocks were higher, Gaa and
Electric advancing to $45 60 and Pacific Gas
to $44 50. Alaska Packers -rose to $131 50.- The
sugar stocks .were weak, - Hutchlnson selling
down to 517. Paauhau to $23 25 ' and Honokaa
to $17. Market-st. R. R. was off at $74. - There
was nothing new In the^oil stocks. '
Oil ' City Petroleum has declared a dividend
of J /4c payable August '< 1. . j
The ¦ following were ex-dividend yesterday:
California' Fruit Canners* Association. .. 60c;
Central Light .'and Power. 4c; • Hctchlnson
Sugar, 20c; Spring Valley Water,. 42c' .- .' . •
i Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 42,452 shares, valued at $21,279, the
leading sales being as follows: California
Standard., 1133 shares; Four. 1680; Home. 3200;
Junction, 3C00; Lion, 1000; Monarch, 8450; Oil
JCTSTF YORK, July 20.— Anxiety over the
Western crop . eituition overbore all other
consideration* la the stock market to-day and
carried price* Sown through the attempts of
the Inside Interests tn certain stocks to sup
port the market. The closing prices were near
the lowest and the market was active and
weak at the last. The only modification of the
weakness was due to the buying to cover and
take profits by the bears, who saw handsome
profit* accrued &« a result of the decline late
yesterday and to-day. These bearish opera
tors have been supposed by Wall street to be
resident chiefly !ti the V.'eet and to be con
cerned in bulling -grain as well as bearing
Btocks. The filing gained force In Wall street
to-day that thin double campaign has more
basis in fact than was believed yesterday and
the Western continent received large rein
forcements from Eastern Bources. The sup
porters of the market made headway against
the bears In th« first hour, when vigorous ef
forts were made to drive the bears to cover.
There w* a resuraptJoa of pool operations In
Southern Pacific and that stock as well as St.
Paul and Missouri Paclfle were left well over
last' night. Aggressive soiling- by the bears
Immediately developed, fcased on the reports of
new damage to the corn crop, and reports of
«.x*ten«lv« damage to the spring wheat .crop, now
first heeded In Wall etreet. Another attempt
was mad* to rally the market on the strong
bank Btatement. However, higher bids for
gtoclu brought out jeucSi largo offerings that
New York Stock Market.
Ventura— Prune* -doing welL Apricots dry
lag; will be In full blast next week.
Hanford— Calm; favorable for fruit.
Hollister— Clear weather; fruit doing well.
Apples good. Bartlett pea™ medium. Winter
P< ffan Jose— Aprleot picking nearly through:
one week later tlian the average. First peaches
canned Monday. • ....
Palermo— South wind: all crops doing well.
<=anta. Maria— Beans condition varying; good
vinicg and poor ©at*; barley threshing good;
"*Xa l pia-N r orthwest: Clear. Grain yield good.
Other crops t>££™V, DER G . McADIE>
Forecast Official.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific elope. A depres
eion of some depth orerlies the valley of the
Colorado and will probably move northward
merging In another depression now over North
ern Utah.
The temperature ha« fallen along the coat>t
of California north of Point Conception. Warm
weather etill continues in the great valleys
cf California.
Rain la falling at Flagstaff, and thunder
storms are reported in Southern Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 21:
Northern California— Cloudy Sunday with fog
along the coast, light southerly winds In the
interior; brisk southwest winds on the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday, with
ehowers la the mountains; fresh south west
winds.
Vevafla— Fair Sunday; fresh west wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Sunday;
brisk southwest winds with fog.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
LONDON, July 20.— At to-day's auction sales
of ' wool 14,250 bales were offered. . j Lambs'
showed a i decline ; of 15 per cent in prices.
Cape of Good Hope [ wools continue in good
demand. During the session American repre
sentatives purchased freely, taking -fair sup
plies of fine greasy New South Wales and Vic
toria combing, also crossbreds. The number of
sales offered aggregate 231.286, of which 16,000
bales were withdrawn. The offerings for next
week number 60,700 bales.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. July , 20.— Consols, 93; silver,
26 13-16d; French rentes, lOOf 67V4c; cargoes on
passage, firm,' but not active; English country
markets, quiet. • '
LIVERPOOL. July 20.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 5s 9V4d@5s 10d.
. COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-32d.
Foreign Markets. "¦
PORTLAND, 6r., July 20.— Clearings, $211,
512; balances. $27,692. -.
Portland's Business.
TACOMA, Wash. , . July 20.— Wheat steady ;
blue stem. 67c: club, 56c.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Or., July 20.— Wheat steady at
65@S6c for Walla Walla. _ ¦ . •' ¦_. •_
Cleared: Steamer Pak Ling with 171,700
bushels wheat for St. Vincent.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat ' Market.
HOGS — Receipts, 8327. Market 5c higher on
medium and heavy; others steady to strong;
medjum and heavy. $5 75@6 20; pigs. $3@4 75;
bulk, $5 60@5 90. • ¦
No sheep. '
ST. JOSEPH, Mo... July .20.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 330. Market steady; natives. $4 25: cows
and heifers, $1 25@5; bulls and stags, $2 35@5;
stockers and feeders, $2 35@4 40; veals. $2$5 75.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, July 20.— CATTLE— Receipts, 600.
Nominal and steady at late advance. Good' to
prime st«ers,i$5 40<5'6 10; poor to medium. $4 25
@5 25: stockers and '• feeders, $2 50@4 35; cows,
$3@-l 75: heifers, $2 50@4 90; canners, $1 75@2 35;
bulls, $2 60@4 40; calves, $3 75@6; Texas steers,
$3 40@4 EO.- . ! V
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 13,000; Monday, 26,
000: left over, 6345 head. Market strong, 6c
higher for- good; others Bteady. Mixed and
butchers', $5 80@6; good to choice heavy, $6@
6 17i4; rough heavy, $5 60@5 85; light, $5 65@
5 90; bulk of tales, $5 75@5 95. . .
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500. Sheep ' and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 90@4 60;
fair to choice mixed, $3 60<3>3 90; Western sheep,
$3 60@4: yearlings, $4@4 75; native lambs, $3®
5; Western lambs, *3 75@5.
Chicago Livestock.
NEW TORK, July 20.— Cotton ; closed barely
steady, unchanged. .
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 20.— There was very little
business in any branch of the metal market
to-day. . Prices for tin were nominally un
changed with spot quoted at $27 75@28 50. There
was no London cable. Copper was quiet and
more or less; nominal as to value with lake
Ingot quoted at 17c I and . casting and electro
lytic at 16%c. Lead ruled fairly steady to
day, but unchanged at 4%c for spot. Spelter
was dull at $3 90(g3 95. Iron was quiet all
around and nominally unchanged. PIgiron war
rants, £> 50@10; No. 1 Northern- foundry, $14 75
<g>15 25- No. 1 Southern foundry, soft, $14 75
@15 25.' ' •
.. - -,- • PARIS.
Wheat— ' . : . . ' July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ;.......:......;........ 20 75 2185
Closing . ...20 85 21 95 -
Flour— '¦-¦¦. -.\ ' ' .- .; .-'¦>
Opening .28 60 27 85
Closing ...:.......: .26 65 27 95
- ' . --T- , . ¦ ¦ •
New York Metal Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . . . ,„ .-> Sept. -Dec.
Opening .....'...:..".. 5 7U v .5 8H
Closing ....5 7% 6 8H
SAN FRANCISCO. July 20-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka €0; Mount Tamalpals. S2; Independ
ence. 9?; P.ed Bluff. 1C2; Fresno. 108; Los An
peles. 82; Sacramento. 90; San Luis Oblspo, 76;
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
66; minimum, i9; mean, 52. -¦
(lTOth Meridian— Pacific- Time.)
Weather Report.
"Trade was a little more active last week,
the cessation of the extremely hot weather
apparently having a somewhat stimulating
effect. There was 2iot much actual business in
a large way, however, although there was
more inquiry for round lots. This, together
with the fact that the eises of orders ranged
a little larger, caused a rather more hopeful
feeling on the part or local holders.
"Stocks of currants were increased by the
arrival, rather unexpectedly, of the Marco
Minghettl with 110 barre-ls from Patras, the
«ntlre shipment coming to the leading holder
here. The Tocahontas, now due from Patras,
brings about 750 barrels. The two largest local
holders will get practically all of those goods.
It Is understood. The market at the cloee
Saturday was steady at unchanged quotations,
with demand moderate. Raisins were quiet.
There was a little trade In impcrted Sultanas
and Valencias and in domestic layers. Spot
apricots met with a rather better sale and
there was a fair demand for prunes and prime
apples."
Mall reports from New York cay:
The local bask clearings during ' the past
**ek were J24,M2,893, against |13.9^153 during
the Bale week last year.
Raisins and Currants in NewYotk.
Bank Clearings.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— », to Bid.
32,000 Atchison 7. 71%
10,300 Atchlson prefd ! H%
200 Baltimore & Ohio 96
100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92
400 Canadian Pacific 10314
....... Canada Southern fid's
1,400 Chesapeake & Ohio 45
2,500 Chicago & Alton 36'4
100 Chicago & Alton prefd 75«4
600 Chicago, Indianapolis & Louis 33
....... Chicago, Indianapolis & Louis pfd. 69
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 123
300 Chicago & Great Western 22%
500 Chicago & Great Western A pfd... 811*
200 Chicago & Great Western B pfd.. 47%
100 Chicago & Northwestern 190
1,000 Chicago, Rock Island <& Pacific 142
Chicago Terminal & Trans 20
800 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.. 38"4
900 C C C & St Louis 89
100 Colorado Southern 1314
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 48
200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22%
200 Delaware & Hudson >JLK 155
1.400 Delaware. Lacka wanna & Western. 225
400 Denver & Rio Grande '. 41
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 9214
10,300 Erie 36
1,000 Erie let prefd 65VJ
500 Erie 2d prefd ....: 50
Great Northern prefd :....177
100 Hocking Valley 4SH
Hocking Valley prefd 74
2,500 Illinois Central 147%
200 Iowa Central 36Vi
300 Iowa Central prefd 7314
200 Lake Erie & Western 63%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 117
6,000 Louisville & Nashville 104*L
2,408 Manhattan L 118
200 Metropolitan Street Railway ........167.
800 Mexican Central ; 23%
100 Mexican National 9*i
400 Minneapolis & St Louis 109
6,500 Missouri Pacific 10414
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 2514
1.000 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.. 65
New Jersey Central 157
1,000 New York Central 151%
300 Norfolk & Western 47H
Norfolk"& Western prefd 88
1.200 Ontario & Western 31Ti <
6,900 Pennsylvania ...'. 14314
2,200 Reading '. 3914
300 Reading 1st prefd ....:.... 7514
800 Reading 2d prefd 50%
¦ 300 St Louis & San Francisco...:....... 41%-
'.. St Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. 7614
1,750 St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd... 68%
100 St Louis Southwestern 29
St , Louis Southwestern ' prefd 62
19,100 St Paul 158%
100 St Paul prefd : .....185
33,500 Southern Pacific 55
6,100 Southern Railway Z»%
• 100. Southern Railway prefd 83%
3.900 Texas & Pacific 40%
Toledo, Bt Louis & Western 19
• 100 Toledo, St Louis & Western prefd. 3214
17,200 Union Pacific 10014
Union Pacific prefd 8814
500 Wabash 20
4,300 Wabash prefd 3814
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie .1814
,100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23- •
100 Wisconsin Central ;. 21H
Wisconsin Central prefd 1 40
....... P C C & St Louis 79
Express companies — -- - - ,•• ¦
Adams ....170
American '....i, :;...l»0
United States 86
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
United States refunding 2s. the 4s and the.
old 4s advanced 14 and the new 4s 14 per cent
below the last closing call of last week..
The speculative contingent rests great con
fidence on the assumption that organized ar
rangements in force, backed by the principal
capitalistic groups, to support the market, un
der the direction of the most forceful and suc
cessful market -leader and operator of ths day.
Railroad bonds have moved In sympathy with
but less widely than stocks.
Money market conditions have been- easier
this week: The disposition of bankers, how
ever, is still toward rather cautious conserva
tion of resources for the requirements of the
crop movement.
This week opened with a deluge of liquida
tion of stocks, induced by the unlooked for rup
ture of negotiations and calling of a strike by
the members of the Amalgamated Association.
The shutting down of some of the anthracite
mines on account of a firemen's strike was
also a depressing factor. Coming on top of
last week's severe declines and the resulting
losses and impairment of margins and re
sources, serious consequences were threatened
by this renewed demoralization In the stock
market. The realization of this was apparent
in the effective measures taken to support the
market by the two dominant groups of capital
ists, whose quarrel precipitated the Northern
Pacific corner and the May panic. The mere
fact, which was made patent to the specula
tive public, that these two powers were united
In support of the market afforded Immense re
lief to sentiment. The acute depression of the
week before was principally due to the evi
dence of selling on behalf of one of the Inter
ests of various stocks and to the fear to which
this gave rise that the Northern Pacific quar
rel had broken out afresh. It was evident that
no vague intimations and assurances that all
was harmony would avail to quiet the dis
turbance caused by this fear. The decisive
6tep was therefore determined upon of an
nouncing the new harmony board of directors
for Northern Pacific. This step was admitted
ly taken with a view to stock market 1 exigen
cies, and to lessen the pressure of liquidation
which was proving detrimental to many Im
portant financial projects, -and depressing
prices to a level felt to be unwarranted by the
promise of the future of sustained and in
creasing earning power. Early knowledge of
the coming announcement was clearly appar
ent In the enormous buying throughout the list
by insiders on Wednesday, although it was not
until Just before the close that the announce
ment was given to the public. One. of the de
trimental effects of the slump in American
stocks was its unsettling effect on the London
market, where a fortnightly settlement was
In progress. It is. a striking example of the
new importance and influence of - American
financial affairs that a decline in the shares of
an Industrial corporation In New York should
result In a drop in British consols to the low
est price In a decade. The Immediate explan
ation is found in the - fact that the course of
United States Steel stocks aroused distrust
among London bankers, and money was diffi
cult to secure for the carrying over of those
stocks. In fact; American securities, as a
whole, were somewhat- affected, so that even
discount rates hardened during the pendency
of the settlement. Heavy blocks of the Steel
stocks have been placed abroad as the result
of the recent foreign visit of the foremost cap
italist In the corporation syndicate, but they
came back in a stream this week as a result
of the strike. The drop in consols was sup
posed to be due to large offerings by the Amer
ican syndicate, which, it will be remembered,
received a liberal allotment of the last Issue.
This operation was naturally resorted ' to as a
set-off In the International exchange market
to the selling In New York by British holders
of American securities. The impression pro
duced on the London market, which led to
something resembling a public remonstrance
from Lord Rothschild on Monday, was doubt
less an additional movement toward the ac
tion taken to support the market and check
the decline. It made it evident, also, that a
part of the heavy liquidation of last week was
due to preparation for supporting the market,
which it was foreseen would bo necessary this
week.
the tmlls were obliged to desist and prices fell
by rapid stages practically up to the close. St.
Paul fell under 4 last night. Rock Island 4%.
Northwestern 8. Atchlson 3%. tha preferred 2%
and others of the Pacific and Southwestern
groups as well as leading Southern and Trunk
line railroads and specialties from 1 to 2
points. Some of the less prominent stocks
showed large losses. The Steel stocks were
largely dealt In, but moved narrowly, and were
supported, the common losing only 14 and the
preferred closing H higher. \
Bld.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 01 03
Alta — 06lKentuck .- 01 03
Andes J> 03 04 Lady Wash.... 01 — .
Belcher 12 H Mexican "U 15
Best & Belcher 17 19,Ocidental 01 Cl
Bullion — 03;Ophlr 67 6J
Caledonia ...42 44 Overman 1» 17
Challenge Con. 37, 88 Potosl OS OT
Chollar 06 07JSavaga 06 07
Confidence .....135 150! Scorpion — U
Con Cal & Va.l 93 2 00 1 Seg Belcher .. — 02
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada.. 18 p
CoS New York. 01 03, Silver Hill .... 2S
Crown Point .. 10 11 iSt Louis 08 —
Eureka Con .. 06 — ; Standard : — 3 6o
Exchequer — . 02 : Syndicate 0» 0.
Gould & Curry 12 13 Union Con 12 1*
?u1ia SS&S - 0^?enow" Jackei! 8 S
SATURDAY. July 20—12 m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Belcher V> 100 Confidence ..1 32J$
400 Belcher 11 700 Con Imperial.. 6a
500 Best & Belcher IS 2400 Crown Point... 11
100 Caledonia 41 200 Hale & Norcrs 23
300 Caledonia 42 200 Mexican 13
200 Challenge Con. 27 100 Ophir 63
100 Challenge Con. 23 1200 Overman 16
300 Challenge Con. 33 1700 Savage 05
500 Challenge Coa. 34 500 Sierra Nevada. M
100 Con Cal 4: V.I 92V* 200 Union Con .... 15
100 Con Cal & Va.l S3 2300 Yellow Jacket. 23
200 Con Cal & Va.2 00 1700 Yellow Jacket. 21
200 Confidence- ..1 12H 900 Yellow Jacket. 23
300 Confidence ....1 20
Morning Session.
The following were tha sales In the. Faclflo
Stock Exchanse yesterdayi
100 Challenge 30 600 Crown Point... 19
2100 Challenge 32 100 Hale & Norcrs a
100 Chollar 07 100 Mexican 14
200 Con Cal & Va..l 9o 700 Ophlr «S
100 Confidence 1 10 300 Overman 1(J
100 Confidence 1 15 400 Yellow Jacket. 20
500 Crown Point... 11 200 Yellow Jacket. 21
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
Board—
200 California-Standard ..., 25
300 Home, s 90 2 00
100 junction 09
400 Monarch of Arizona 22
200 Occidental of West Virginia 40
200 Occidental of West Virginia 37
100 Peerless 5 1214
50 Peerless .; 5 25
300 Reed Crude 38
100 Twenty-eight 12*
'. . MINING STOCKS. "
Morning Session.
100 Home Oil. s 90 199
1000 Lion • — 19
100 Occidental of West Mrginia... ....... 43
60 Peerle33 ¦--. • 5 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGO.
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
40 Paauhau S P Co 23 JO
60 Paauhau S P Co 23 23
10 Pacific Gas Imp —. 44 50
5 S F. Gas & Electric Co 44 6214
20 S F Gaa & Electric Co 45 00
25 S F Gaa & Electric Co 45 50
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s.lO5% — Oceanic SS 5s. 103 —
Cal-st 5s 116 — Omnibus C 6s.l23 —
C C Water 5s.lO7^ — Pac O Imp 4a. — 100
Ed L & P 6s. .128^133'^ Pk & C II 6s. .108 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.U7ii — Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6a. 120 —
H C ft: S 5^3.106% — Sac E a R 5s. — —
Do 5s — 102% S F & SJV 63.120 —
Los Ang R 5s. llai/4 — Sierra Cal 6s... — 119
L A Light 6s. — 1C2 S P of C 63
Do sntd 63. .100 — (19C9) 111% —
Do gntd 5s. .103 — (1910) 112% —
L A & Pac 6s.l01 102% S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m os. 102*4 — (1905). Ser A. — «09',i
Mkt-st Cab 5s.l25^ — (1905). Ser B.lC9HH0 l i
Do 1 c m 5S.123V24H (190«) 112U1U
Nev C N G 7S.105 114 (1912) 120^ —
Nor R Cal 6s.ll2 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 53 119 — cp gntd 5s. ..107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.. 100*4 — S P Br Cal 6s.l38 —
Do 5s lC5%106!i S V Water 6s.ll3% —
Nor R Cal 5s. .110 113 Do 4s 103^104
Oak Gas 5s. ...112% — Do 43 3d m..l01Vi —
Do Trans 6s.ll6H117 Stktn Gels 6s.. — —
Do Water 5s.l01?il03
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77% — (Spring Valley. 85% 87
Marin County. 50—| ;
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P 4 — iPaclflo Light.. 45 47}$
Equitable 4'4 5"^ i Sacramento ... — —
Mutual Ws— S F G & E.... 45 —
Oakland 50& 51 San Francisco. 4H 4tf
Pac Gas Imp.. 4i% 45 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE,
rirem's Fund. — 247 |
33 WKS "
Anglo-Cal 77Vi — |L P & A 159 — '
California 404 406HIMer Ex (liq)... 18 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — Is F National. 127% — :
First Natlonl..305 — I •
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1370 1923, Sav & Loan...— —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust.. 1S0O —
San Francisco. 520 523
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 O S L & H.... 49 . —
Geary — 40 Presidio 33 —
Market 74 —
- - POWDER.
Giant 75 — (Vlgorlt ........ X 3%
SUGAR.
Hana .......... 6& — Kilauea 16% 17*4
Hawaiian 50 — Makawell 33 33%
Honokaa 17 17% Onomea 20 —
Hutchlnson ... 17 lV* Paauhau 23',4 23%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..l30%132 Oceanic S Co.. 43^ —
Cal Fruit Can. 97% 98% Pac Auz F A.. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99^101 Pac C Borax. .163 — •
; Her Ex :...110 — Par Paint 13 —
Mornioz Session.
! Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 131 50
10 Contra Costa Water 78 50
13 Contra Costa Water "SCO
120Honckaa S Co 17 121a
160 Honokaa S Co 17 00
23 Hutchinaon S P Co 17 25
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 17 00
40 Kilauea 17 CO
35 Market-street Railway 74 00
$1000 Oceanic Steamship bond3 102 23
60 Paauhau S P Co 23 75
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4"s quar coup.. .113 113^ 4s qr c (new).138%139
4s auar reg 113 113^i 3s quar coup...l09 109ft
UNITED STATES BONDS.
SATURDAY. July 20—12 m.
City: 2600; Petroleum Center, 19,733; Reed. 1100;
Sterling, 2325.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
CHICAGO, July 20.— The story of corn -was a
story that could have been told of any session
during the past fortnight, j There was the same
uncompromising weather map and the same
general demand from the afflicted districts for
corn to replace -that which the elements have
burned. Messages from the great corn-raising
zone were of one tenor— there was scarcely a
cheerful note -in them. Local people fearing
that a rain to-morrow might upset the calcu
lations pold on a liberal scale, but the buying
'by people who need the corn continued stead
ily and the close found the bull position still
secure. SeDtember sold between 54%c and
55%c and closed 1%@1%c higher" at 55@55%c.
Oats also continued to advance. The demand
was a heavy one. September close** %c higher
at 35>ic. '
Traiie in wheat ¦was comparatively quiet.
September opened %c to %c higher at 69%c to
69%c in sympathy with corn. For a time the
market held above 69c under additional sus
taining factors in the shape of scattered dam
age claims. There was. however." a big long
interest still bearing in mind the fact that
the wheat ¦ crop i- bids .• fair to be a. record
breaker, and under persistent liquidation from
•this quarter SeDtember worked down to 68%c
and closed easy, -%@%c lower at 68%@68%c.
' Provisions were extremely dull and a trifle
easier. September pork closed 7%c j lower, lard
and ribs 2%c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows;
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 68% 68% 67% 67%
September 69% ~ 69% 68% 68%
December 71% 71% 70% 70%
Corn No. 2—
July 63% 64 62% 63%
September 64% 65% 64% 65%
December I 65% 66 64% .65%
Oats No. 2— - .
July S4%- 34% .34% 84%
September ......... 35 35% 34% 35%
May 37% 58 37% 38
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September. ...14 30 .14 35 14 22% 14 22%
January 14 35 14 75 14 55 .14 70
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 8 67% 8 70 8 65 8 65
October 8 70 8 70 8 65 '.. 8 65
January 8 42% 8 47% 8 42% 8 42»/ 2
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 7 90 7 90 7 8.7% 7 90
October... 7 92% 7 92% 7 SO 7 90
January 7 60 7 65 - 7 60 7 62%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents, $3 30®3 40; straights,
$2 90<@3 20; clears. $2 60®3; spring specials.
$3 90®4: straights, $2 70@3; bakers 1 , $2 10®2 80;
: No. 3 spring wheat, 67%c; No. 2 red, 6a@69»-«c;
No. 2 corn, 53%@54c; No. 2 yellow, 53%@54c:
1 No. 2 oats, 37if?37»Ac; No. 2 white, 38%c; No. 3
white 3S@40c; No. 2 rye, 65@55%c; good feeding
barley, 43c; fair to choice malting, 48@50c: No.
1 flaxseed, $155; prime 'timothy seed, $o(®5 05;
mess pork per barrel, $14 10@14 15; lard, per
1C0 pounds, $3 60<gS 62%: short-rib sides (loose),
$7 80@7 85; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $7 50@
7 e2%; short clear sides, (boxed), $3 30@8 40;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade. $3 50. ¦ - '¦'¦
Articles— Receipts. Shipment?.
Flour, barrels 28/000 9,000
Wheat bushels 216,000 60.000
Corn, bushel3 222,008 . 218.000
Oats, bushels 127.000 239.000
Rye, bushels 6.000
Barley, bushels ..." 3,00.0 4.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 14%@J9c; dairy,
13%c. Cheese, firm. 9%@10%c. .Eggs, easy;
fresh, 12@14c.
i I SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. ¦ j :':..*
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted. ,
Weekly bank clearings gain, as usual.
Wheat futures a fraction or so off. Barley steady.
Oats and Corn continue to advance in the East.
Hay depressed and pointing doivnward. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Pink Beans continue in demand for shipment. ¦
Potatoes easier, but still in demand for shipment.
Omons firm at a furtJier advance. Vegetables plentifid.
Eggs Quoted lower by the Exchange.
Butter and Cheese in light supply and steady.
Poultry market dull and weak.
'Apricots lenver and neglected. Plums in quick demand.
Grapes rather slow. Melons still bring good prices. J J; .
Fair demand for dried Apples and Prunes in Nrdu York. ' DT
Provisions still ruling firm. ; ; j • i
Fine Wools in demand and strong.
Hogs firm and unchanged. Other Meats steady.
Considerable fluctuation in local stocks and bonds. . , „
Grain Bags quoted slightly easier.
New dried Apricots^ Apples and Pears quoted high. . .
NEW YORK. July 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,186 barrels: exports, 12.087. Quiet but nomi
nally higher. Winter patents, $3 55@3 80; win
ter straights, $3 25@3 45; Minnesota -patents,
$3 65@3 90; winter extras, $2 50@2 80; Minnesota
bakers. $2 85@3 15; winter low grades, $2 20@
2 40. ' •
WHEAT— Receipts, 175,500 bushels; exports,
257,026. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 77%c . f. o. b.
and 75%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,*
7C%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, SHc
t. o. b. afloat. Options developed strength and
activity to-day on reports of heat and damage
to spring wheat, supplemented by higher
cables, the rise in corn and general covering.
They finally eased oft a little under realizing
and closed. steady at a partial %c net advance.
July, 75V4@75%c, closed 75%c; September, 74%®
74 ll-I6c, closed 74%c; October, closed 74%c; De
cember 76@76%c. closed 76c.
r HOPS— W eak. State common to choice, 1900
crop, 13018c; 1899 crop, 10@13c; old olds, ,2@6c;
Paciflo Coast, 1900 crop, 13@17%c; 1S99 crop. 11®
15c; old olds, 2@6c. ' . .. . .
- HIDES^QuIeU California, 21 to -25 pounds,
13%C. ¦ ' " ; " ' . ¦ ¦ •
Exports of Gold and Stiver;
NEW YORK, July 20.— Exports of rold and
silver from this port to all countries for this
week aggregate ' $624,845 silver bars and coin
and $29,410 gold. . - -
WASHINGTON, July "20.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $173,994,803; gold, $96,451,459.
Condition of the Treasury.
LONDON, July 20.— Anaconda, S%: Atchlson,
77%; do. preferred, 99%; Canadian Pacific, 106;
Denver and Rio Grande, 43%; do. preferred,
94%' Northern Pacific preferred, 99; Southern
Pacific, 57%; Union Pacific, 106%; do. preferred,
91%. ¦ ' .• ', . \ "
Money, 2 per cent.'
Bar silver, quiet, at 26 13-16d per ounce.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK, July 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Attendance on \ the' floor of the Stock . Ex
change was small and stocks were lifeless to
day. The American department was unset
tled and a few additional clearance sales, fol
lowing- the recent embarrassments of small
operators, sent prices -below parity. These
over, the tone hardened. Atchlson, Union Pa
cific and Southern Pacific were the best "feat
ures, but the fluctuations had no significance.
London Market.
NEW YORK",~July 20.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
shows: Loans, $S56,19S,500; decrease, $12,268,900.
Deposits, $939,145,300; decrease, $8,4iS,800. Cir
culation, ' $30,710,100; Increase, $S0.6C0. Legal
tenders, $78,616,900; increase, $918,700. Specie,
$177,501,800; Increase, $5,189,100. Reserves, $255,
816,700; Increase, $6,107,800. Reserve required,
$234,786,325 ;. decrease, $2,112,200. Surplus, $21,
029.375; increase, $8,220,000.
The Financier says: The statement of the
New York Associated Banks last Saturday
shewd from the borrowers' standpoint of view
the very gratifying increase in surplus reserve
of $8,220)000, carrying this item to $21,029,373,
or very close to the figures recorded at the
beginning of June. The present position of the
banks in t.'iis respect is such as to relieve ap
prehensions on their part of being seriously
incommoded through a withdrawal by their
correspondents of cash to an extent sufficient
to place restrictions in loaning in order - to
maintain their percentage of reserves. The in
stitutions, as a whole,, loaned less freely- than
usual because of the lighter demand for money,
and this fact will In great part account for
the- reduction of this item. The gain of $6,107,-
S00 in cash was slightly below the amount
shown by the preliminary estimates. The in
crease of $5,189,100 in epecie largely reflects
Sub-Treasury operations. The decrease of $8,
448,800 in deposits is out of harmony with the
other items. From present indications the
banks will continue to gain in cash througli
Sub-Treasury operations and receipts of gold
from the Pacific Coast assay offices, there be
ing about $1,500,000 of the latter which will
probably, arrive during the coming week. A
movement last week of $200,000 currency by
transfer through the Treasury to Chicago and
of $100,000 to New. Orleans evidently, for the
purpose of securing denominations of currency
which were deficient at the points named and
did not indicate a beginning of the crop move
ment, as surmised In many quarters. The out
look for the present favors easy money, but
present institutions In the West report a steady
demand on the part of their country corre
spondents for funds. This, no doubt, will : be
reflected soon at Eastern centers, but the. trend
Just now is in this direction.. At ¦ any rate,
the banks have, recouped rapidly In reserves
and are in a strong position to meet the de
mands which may be made on them later..
Associated Banks' Statement.
Wells-Fargo .....'..."..M0
' ¦ Miscellaneous —
»,400 Amalgamated Copper ..."T...113V4
800 American Car'fc Foundry. 2S%
100 American Car & Foundry prefd.... 84%
American Linseed Oil :..... 23
•••v« American Linseed Oil prefd 60
700 American Smelting & Renn ..'...... 53%
J55 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. lOO 1^
*>200 American Tobacco ......130
700 Anaconda Mining Co 44
2,800 Brooklyn Rapid Transit :.. 77
900 Colorado Fuel & Iron....... 98^
1,000 Consolidated Gas ...; 215 -,
Continental Tobacco 65-
Continental Tobacco prefd 115
200 General Electric ;...254
. 200 . Glucose Sugar B4
Hocking Coal ;........ 20
100 International Paper 20 1 / S
200 International Paper prefd 75
800 International Power ..95
Laclede Gas 94
National Biscuit 41%
200 National Lead mi
500 National Salt 43V£
600 National Salt prefd 77
« North American 99%
Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Mail ; .„..;. 39
11,600 People's Gas ;113«i
Pressed Steel Car 41
Pressed Steel Car prefd S5 .
Pullman Palace Car ..205
800 Republic Steel mj
100 Republic Steel prefd 73 l ,4
5.600 Sugar 142&
1,600 Tennessee Coal & Iron 60
Union Bag & Paper Company 14%
Union Bag &'Paper Co prefd .... 71
300 United States Leather 12%
United States Leather prefd 78
200 United States Rubber 19%
100 United States Rubber prefd 69
31,000 United States Steel 39%
10,100 United States Steel prefd SS'/j
2,400 Western Union 91%
347,200 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S Ss res' 108% N J Cent iren 6a. .129
Do 8s ooud 109 Northern Pao 8s... 72%
Do new 4s reg..,187>4 Do 4s 103
Do new 4a coup. 138% N Y C & St L 43.107%
Do old 4s reg 113 N & W con 4s 102ft
Do old 4s coup... 113 Dr Nav lsts 107
Do 5s reg 107% Or Nav 4s 102
Do 5s coup 109 Or Short L 6s 130
Dls of Col 3.65s. ...126' Do con 6s 116^
Atchlson gen 4s. ...103% Reading Gen 4s 95%
Do ad] 4s %Wn G W lsts 101%
Canada Sou 2ds....lO9V» Bt L & I M con 6s. 117
Ches & Ohio 4'.4s..lO7V4 S L & S,F gen 6s.. 132
Do Bs 120 St Paul con .173
C & N con 7s 137% St P C & P lsts,..12O
Do S F Deb 5s.,122>4 Do Bs.... ..117
Chicago Term 4s... 93 Southern Pac 4s... 92
Colorado Sou 4s 88^4 Southern Ry 5s 116%
D & R G 4s lOWBtand R & T 6s.... 60
Erie Gen 4s 86% Tex & Pao lsts.. ..118%
F W & D C lsts. .107% Do 2ds 99
Gen Elec 5s 200 Union Pac 4s 105
Iowa Cent lsts.. ..115 Wabash lsta ;.....U8
L. & N Uni 4s 101H Do 2ds 112
M K & T 2ds 84% West Shore 4s 112M
Do 4s 97% Wia Cent lsts 87%
N Y Cent lsts 104%. Va Centuries 94
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20'Little Chief ......... 12
Alice ". 42 Ontario .....9 50
Breece .1 45,Ophir 60
Brunswick Con 13 Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel ..06^4 Potosl C5
Con Cal & Va ..1 90, Savage 07
Deadwood Terra ... 50 Sierra Nevada 14
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes 50
Iron Silver 68;Standard 3 20
Leadville Con 05 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND. BONDS.
Money— West End .:....... 95
Call loans 4@5 Westngh Elec 6?
Time loans 4@4*£ Bonds —
f Stocks — • N E G & Coke 5s.. 82
Atch Tod & S F.. 72 Mining Shares —
Do prefd 94% Adventura 26
Amer Sugar 112^ Bingham Mng Co.. 21
Amer Tele 162% Amal Copper 113%
Boston & Albany.. 256 Atlantic 37
Boston Elevated ..1SS Calumet & Hecla..7?0
Boston & Maine. ..193 Centennial 27%
Dominion Coal — 37% Franklin 18%
Do prefd ..114% Humboldt 25
U S Steel 39% Osceola 92%
Do prefd SS'/i Parrot 51
Fitchburg prefd 143 Quincy 178
Mexican Cent 23 Santa Fe Copper.. 6hi
Mich Tele 6 Tamarack 395
Old Dominion 30 Utah Mining ...... 29%
Rubber - 19% Winona 2%
Union Pacific 99% Wolverines 69%
Union Land 3
' WOOL— Quiet' Domestic fleece; 26@28e. . • Y
COFFEE— Spot - Rio, '.dull; -No. 7 Invoice,
5 ll-16c; . mild, quiet; .Cordova, • 8K@12V&c. • -Fu
tures closed barely steady and net unchanged
to 5 points lower. I Total sales were 16,250 bags,
including: July, $4 85; August, $4 85; Septem
ber, $4 90; October, $4 95: November. $5.
SUGAR— Raw, . firm ; ¦ fair : refining, 3%c ; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 4 3-32c; molasses sugar. 3%c;
'refined firm; No. 1," 4.85c; No. 2, 4.25c; No. 3,
4.BSc; No. 9, 4.60c; No. 10,: 4.65c; No. 11, 4.50c;
No. 12, 4.50c; No.' 13, 4.40c; No. 14, 4.40c; stand
ard A, 5.25c; confectioners' A,' 5.25c; mold | A,
6. SOc; cut loaf. 6.95c; crushed,' 6.95c; powdered,
5.56c: granulated, 5.45c. ; j •
BUTTER>—Receipts, 3600- packages. ' Firm.
State dairy.- 14gl4#c; creamery, I5@t9^c; fac
tory, 13@15%c. ¦ . : .
EGGS — Receipts, ¦ 28,513 packages. Firm.
Western, candled, 13@15c; do. uncandled, 8©
12>4c. ¦ ¦'¦¦.
DRIED FRUITS,
TradeMn dried fruits , was quiet all day;
Evaporated Apples— State common to good, 3%@
5c: prime, 5%@5?ic; choice, 6Y*c; fancy, 6V4@7c.
California dried fruits quiet. Prunes, 5%@
14c, as to size and quality. Apricots— Royal,
8@12c ; Moorpark, 7H@12c. Peaches— Peeled,
ll@12c; unpeeled, 6@10c.
I ' OREGON
Wool, bales ....> 31 -
Flour, qrsks.... 11,640 Ontons, sks r 648
Wheat, ctls 880 Middlings, sks... 430
Barley, ctls 16,310 Wool, sks ....... 241
Oats, ctls 3.2S0 Hay. tons 671
Susrar. ctls ..;... 2,000 Straw, tons -3.",
Tallow, ctls .... 257 Wine, gals ...... 27,830
Chicory, bbls ... 35 Leather, rolls ... 43
Mme, bbls ; 182 Quicksilver, flks. 3
Potatoes, sks ... 6,253 Pelts, bdls 420
Bran, sks 9ft Hides, No. 702
FOR SATURDAY. JULY 20.
Receipts of Produce.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative "Wallsend. $9;
Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $10
per ton ; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk . and $17 la
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
RICE— China, No. 2, $4 10; No. 1. $4 65@4 9C>:
extra, $5 10@5 50: Japanese. $4 65©5 30; Louisi
ana, $4®6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1.
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
94c; raw, 92c; cases. Be more; Lard OH. extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 85c; China
Nut, 53<gG3c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white. 37%@42%c per gallon; Flah
Oil, In barrels. 35c; oases. 40c i. ¦ '. •
COAL OIL— Water White Coal" Oil. In bulk.
12%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 18%c; Astral. 18%c;
Star. 18V4c: Extra Star.- 22%*} Elaine, 23%c;
Eocene, 20V4c; deodorized state Gasoline, la
bulk. 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine. In bulk. 14c;
in cases. 20c: 86-degree Gaso.line, in bulk. 20c;
In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— B8c per gallon In cases and
62c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western - Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 5.75c; Powdered. 5.35c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.35c; Dry Granulated, 5.23c; Confection
ers' A. 5.25c; Dry Granulated, 5.25c; Beet
Granulated. 5.15c; Magnolia A, 4.83c; Extra C,
4.75c; Golden C, 4.65c; barrel*. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, SOc more; 60-lb bags,
10c more. No ordera taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, , half-bar
relf. P": boxes, 6.25c per lb.
LUCOL— Is now quoted at 82c per gallon for
raw and 84o for boiled In barrels.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcuttas are weak and deal
ers are taking less than .a week ago. Calcutta.
Grain Bags, 8@S%c; local make, He less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags. 32@33c; Fleece
Twine. 7H@8c; Fruit Bags, 5%@6c for cotton
and 8%@8%c for jute.
General Merchandise.
The firmness In Hogs continues, but there" Is
no talk of any further advance. Other Meats
remain as before.
Wholesale rates- from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . ."
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5®8c per lb for
cows. . •
VEAL— Large, 7® 8c; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers,. 7@8c; Ewes. 7@7%o per
pound.
LAMB — Spring. 8%@9e per pound.
PORK— Lire Hogs, . 200 lbs and under, 6H«?
6^4c; over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent oft. boars 50 per cent oft and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%@9%c. .
San Francisco Meat Market
Advices from the East report the finer grades
of Wool very firm and^ slowly advancing there.
They are also in good demand here, but the
medium and lower (Trades are moving Elowly.
There is nothing new In Hops and Hides.
HIDES. ANO SK1KS— OiUls and Drands fsell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10^@llc: medium, 9@10c: light. 8<,i@9c:
Cow Hides, 8HS9HC for heavy and 8V4@9c for
light: Stats. 6%c: Salted Kip. 9^c: Salted Veal,
9H««10c: Salted Calf. 10c;. Dry. Hides. 16%o;
Culls, 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 17@18c;
Culls and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 15@30c each; short Wool. 30®35c each;
medium. G0@75c: long Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt, $2 50<8>2 75 for large and $2@2 2S
for medium: $1 5O(S>1 .75 for small and 50c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $175 for large. $1 SO
for medium; $1 23 for small and 50c for Colti.
Deerskins— Summer or red , skins. 33c; fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter or v thin skln3. 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c ; medium, 35c.*.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; choice,
5c; No. 2, 3%@4c; grease. 2V4@3c
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 14@15%c: do. Lambs'.' lie per lb;
Northern, free. 12® 13c; defective. 9i?211c: Mid'
die County, free. 10@llc: do. defective, 8@10c]
Southern, 12 months. 8@9c; Southern,- free, 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective, 7 months, 7@8c:
Oregon Valley, fine, 14@15c; do, medium and
coarse. ll<g>13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice. ll@13c;
do fair to good. 9@llc; Nevada, lOgll'^c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb. .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The expected advance has not yet taken
place, but the market Is very firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium,- 13%c for light, WAc for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams,
13c; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $12 60;
Family, $13 50;, prime, Mess Pork, $15; extra
#ear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 13^<@li2
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrel3, pure.
10%c: 10-lb tins, lltfc; 5-lb tins. U«c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c; on- tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c;- five tierces. 8%c-.vr lb.
Provisions.
HONET-Comb, 10®llc for bright and 9@9Hc
for light amber: water white extracted. 5@5&c:
light. amber extracted, 4®4%c; dark. 314c
BEESWAX- 25@28c per lb.
The local market continues quiet all around,
though a fair demand for Prunes and Apples
Is reported from' New York. 4
Old Peara are quoted firmer and new crop
are beinsr talked of at 8®8%o for choice and
9&@10c per lb for fancy, though no transac
tions are renorted. . Apricots are firmly held,
and new Apples are higher and firm.
FRUITS — Apricots, 7@10c for new Royals and
7%cMo 14c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6@7c;" sun dried, l%@2^c;
new evaporated Apples, 6® 6c; Peaches, 3%@4c
for standard, 4%@5»£c for choice and 6@6%c for
fancy; new Peaches, 6c for July and 6c for
August delivery: Pears, 4@8c; Plums, pitted,
3@4c;.unpitted. %@lVic; Nectarines, 4@4%c for
red and 4®5c for white. - •
PRUNES— 4 siaes: 40-50s. 6%c; C0-«0s,. 4^4c;
6O-70s, 3%c; 70-.80S. S»4c; 80-90s, 2%e; 90-lOOs, 2%c;
10O-120S, 1V4C. -
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c. per lb; choice,' lie;
standard. 10c;- prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9o per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per lb:
choice, 9V£e; standard. 8%c; prime.. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6Hc; 2-crown, 6c;
Paciflo brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 6Vic, and
4-crown. 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $150 "per box: 3-crown.
$1 60; Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In 'California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12@12Uc;
No. 2, $®5%e; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10tfc; No. 2,
6V4@7V5c; Almonds, 13@14o for paper-shell, 10©
lie for sof tshell and 6@6o for hardshell ; Pea
nuts, . E@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12V4c"
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 E0«5.
ton for Frees and $25@35 for Clings In the
country. Sawyer's Seedllnss, 60c per basket
on the wharf. - - - ¦- : -¦ '¦ .- -. '
- NECTARINES— White. 35@60c per box; Red,
40®GOc. ¦ -'
¦ PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings, 50®60c per box;
Bartletts, ' $1@1 25 per box for No. 1. 60@73c for
N6.2 and $30@40 per ton In the country.
/.STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per' chest for Longr
worths and $3 5004 60 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@7. per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
CURRANTS— $6@9 per chest."
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8@10c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 75c®$l 25 per box for single and
$1 50@2 for double layers: White, nominal.
MELONS— Nutmegs, $101 50 per box and $1 50
@J2 per crate: Cantaloupes.' $1 25@1 50 per half
crate and J2@3 60. per large crate; "Watermel
ons, from Fresno, $1©2 cn per dozen.
• GRAPES— Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
E0c<S$l per crate; Fontalnebleau and Black,
from Vacaville. 75c@$l per box.
• CITRUS I FRUITS— Mediterranean Sweets,
Valencias and St. Michaels. $2@3 50;. Lemons,
$1 50<S2 for common and $2 50^3 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$7 50@8; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch; Pineap
ples. $1 50@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
* PEACHES — 30@50c ner box and 20@40c per
basket for common and 30@50c per box and 35(g>
50c per. basket for^Crawfords and $20@22 50 per
APPLES— S5c@Jl 25 per box for good to choice
and 35@75c-for ordinary. ;- ¦ : "¦ • . .
¦ APRICOTS— 20@40c per. box, 40@75c per crate;
In bulk, $10®15 per ton for small | and . $17 50®
20 for larre. ' ¦ ¦¦ : ¦ ' "
¦ CRABAPPLES — 35@50c per small and 75c@$l
pier large box. , - - '
PLUMS— 35@75c per box and 30@50c per bai
ket; ¦ Prunes, , 40@75c . per crate and . 40@60c per
basket; Green Gages, $15@20 per ton. -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
The demand. for Apricots has fallen off con-'
slderably during the pa6t three or. four days
and the market is dull and much lower, with
plenty of i stock carried orer at . the close.
Plums continue in sharp demand and prices
are very firm. Peaches are steady, -and good
Bartlett Pears, free from worms, sell quickly.
Nectarines continue to drag and Figs are still
scarce and high. Prices for Berries show lit
tle change from day to day. Melons keep up
first rate, arrivals being moderate and the de
mand cood. '.. . ¦ • ¦ ¦ . . ¦ ¦ • . _¦
Oranges ¦ have again advanced, and Lemons
and Limes are in light supply and firm. Fresh
Limes are now due.
Deciduous. and Citrus Fruits.
¦ Dairy— Extras, 19c; firsts, 17c; seconds. 15c;
store. 12@14c. .- " ¦ "•'--'. - ._ .
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 9e; choice, 8Hc;
common, nominal; -Young Americas,. 10c; East
ern full cream, 13@15c per lb. : .
EGGS — ¦ .... '
California Ranch— Selected white, 18c; mixed
colors. 16c per dozen.--
California Gathered— Selected, 15c; standard,
13c; seconds. .
. Eastern— Standard, i 15c per dozen.
BUTTER—. .-.'•' - 7
Creamery— Extra, 20c; firsts, 19c; ieconds,
DAIRY. EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 21@21%c per lb for
fancy and 13@20c , for seconds; dairy, 14@19c
per lb. . ¦ . • > ' .
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old, nominal; Young
Americas, 10@llc perlb.
EGGS— Ranch. 17@20o for good to fancy;
store, 13@15«« per dozen. I
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
All dealers . report Eggs dragging and the
Exchange reduced its quotations lc all around
except ' for standard gathered. There was no
decline hvthe'onen market, though the feel-
Ins- was weak.
Butter and Cheese continue In light supply,
and the former Is steady, while the latter
rules very firm, the shelves showing a good
many bare snots.- Prices remain - as before.
* Receipts were 23,400 pounds and 26 tubs of
Butter, 904 ¦ cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 7050 poundB of California Cheese,
pounds Oregon Cheese and 20,000 pounds East
ern Cheese. ¦-.-?-.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
, POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@9c for Gobblers
and 8<g9c for Hens: Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings, $1@1 25: Ducks. $2 50@3 for old and
$3@4 for young; Hens, $4@5: young Roosters,
$5@5 50; old Roosters, $3 50®4; Fryers, $4#4 50;
Broilers, $2 EO3?3 50. for large and V- 50®2 25 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 50S-1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, ' $1@1 50; Rabbits, $1Q1 60 for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
. La st week was a very unsatisfactory one In
Poultry.-- Arrivals were not large and only
three cars came in from the East, but the de
mand was light and the tendency In prices was
downward. *. '¦>-
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. $1 75@2 for large,
$1 25@1 EO per box for No. 1 and 50c@Jl for
No. 2; Green Peas. 75c(g$l 25 per sack; String
Beans, l@2 1 ,4c; Limas. 4c; Cabbage, 35@40c per
ctl; Tomatoes, from Wiflters, 25@30c; Rivers,
in large boxes. 50c@$l; Dried Peppers, 12@18c;
Green Okra, lC^Jloc; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Winters Cucumbers, 2."c: Bay. 40@60c; Garlic.
2f£3c: Green Peppers. Jliijl 25 per box for Chile
and $1 50@l 75 for Bell;. Ex* Plant. 75c@$l 23
per box; Green Corn, B0c?$l per sack; Ala
meda. $1 25@1 50 per crate; Berkeley, 73@85c;
Summer Squash, large' boxes,. 15@25c; New
Marrowfat Squash, lV4@2c per lb.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, $1@1 25 in sacks
and $1@1 50 in boxes for Burbanks, $1@1 10 for
Garnet Chiles and $1 10® 1 25 for Early Rose;
Salinas Burbanks, $1 35@1 50. -
. ONIONS— New Red, 40@60c per sack; New
Yellow. 90c®Sl 10.
-Almost all Vegetables continue In large sup
ply and, cheap. Corn, Peppers and Lima Beans
being the only exceptions. . Tomatoes and Cu
cumbers In small boxes are in large supply
and neglected.
New Sweet Potatoes appeared' from the Sac
ramento River, selling at 2c per pound.
Heavier receipts fit 5253 sacks weakened Po
tatoes* somewhat, but the remarkable shipping
demand kept the market from declining much.
Onions. ruled firm at a further advance. Red
are* going out and but few are seen now. ' \ .
BEANS— Rayos. $2 25@2 SO: Small Whit».
$4 75@4 90; Large White. $3 50@3 85; Pink, $1 45
<gl 60; Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3; Llmas, $6 15
<g6 35; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 75@3; Canary,. 8H©
3^40 for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%@
2V4c; Hemp, 3%c per lb. '. V
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Pinks ¦ continue In demand for shipment and
several thousand sucks were reported sold
around $1 50. The other kinds show no change.
HAY — New is quotable as follows: Wheat.
$7(53 50: choice. $10; Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9;
Oat, $S@8; Barley and Oat, $6@S; Alfalfa,
$"@9; Clover. 55 50@7; Volunteer, $4 50@5 50. ;
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.\ .
¦Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mlll,,$25@26; jobbing,
$2S 30; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal,
-$23 50^29 50; Cracked Corn, $2S@30; Mixed Feed,
$17(S?18. .,-... . - • « -
MIDDLINGS— $19 50i321 per ton,
Continued heavy receipts of Hay keep the
market depressed and the feeling is that prices
must go lower.' Buyers are holding off on ac
count of : the threatened teamsters' strike,
which, if carried out, may cut down. the city
demand. Some dealers are selling at conces
sions from the quotations below.
There is no further change in Feedstuffs. . / •
BRAN— $17 50©18 50 per ton. ......
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family extras, $3 23(3
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 1583 25;
Oregon, $2 E0@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; "Washington bakers', $2 73
®3. .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 .lbs; Rye Flour, "$2.75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy,
$3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, *3 50; Farina. H 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85;
In sacks, $6^7 50; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$3; Green Peas. $6 60 per 100 lbs.
Small round Yellow. *1 BO;' Eastern Yellow,
?1 47%; White, $1 62V4; Mixed, ft 45 per ctl.
RYE— 72%@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None in .first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
In this market the advance of the preceding
day was maintained, though the high prices
continued to check -trade. , < .
CORN— Chicago advanced from 63Hc to B5%c
and ! ' reported a continued good demand-
Weather conditions remained unchanged, there
being no indications of rain anywhere, while
the weather was very hot, especially In Iowa.
The Southwest bought liberally. Des Molnea
wired: '"Hot winds are cutting the crop pros
pects 10 per cent.'.' Kansas City reported No.
2 selling at 60c. .. Nebraska and Kansas also
reported clear, dry and hot weather. ¦ '
Chicago reported an i! active . market, with
France a large buyer. The weather continued
hot, -clear and ' dry from the Gulf, to Canada.'
The coarse grains ruled stiff and wheat alone
lagged, because air the bear effort was concen
trated on It. Southern Minnesota said that
heat and chinch bugs j have • reduced the yield
• there to a light average. The decrease In stocks
at Minneapolis for the week was 723,640 bush
els. The Chicago market opened higher and
fell back.- but buying by commission houses
around 69c checked the decline.
In this market futures were a fraction or so
off, ljut the shipping market was not disturbed.
Spot "Wheat— Shipping, 96U@97%c; milling.
?1@1 02% per ctl. . •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal . Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
20CO ctls, $1 01%; 2000, $1 01%; 6000. *1 01%.
¦Second Session — No sales.- .
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 01%; 10,000, $101%. : .
BARLEY— Previous prices rule, with a quiet
market. - ¦••.-- • . ' . . ¦
Feed. 73%c for choice bright. 71U@72%o for
No. 1 and 67%@70c for oft grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 7o@82#c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. • /
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
• OATS— Chicago advanced from 34%c to 35Hc.
with ¦ continued unfavorable weather and. a
good demand. The Southwest' was drawing on
Chicago for supplies. The feeling was bullish.
In this market red Oats continued the sole
description seen on the sample tables. The
demand continued good and the market was
firm, with a tendency among dealers to*advance
asking rates. ' .
White, nominal; Surprise, nominal; Red, 95c@
$1 In; Black, nominal.
"WHEAT— The foreign markets .were firm and
futures at Paris and Liverpool advanced , "¦
Wheat and Other Grains.
New York Exchange, sight /— 10 ¦
New York Exchange, telegraphic — * ' 12%
Silver, per ounce....... — - - -> 6SV4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 0 j 47b
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. JULY 21; 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Chicago Grain Market.
THE COAST RECORD.
Foreign Futures.
SPECIAL, DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
31
New York Grain and Produce.
STATIONS. ! .
. <r M it s.
: 'SI 33
a
08
s
Hollleter T7
Ventura. ?.... <»
N'apa -"• '%
San Jose .---. *¦'
Palermo 9*
Hanford 10f .
Santa Maria *
£0
rs
s:
eo
60
78
S3
N
S
Clear
.60
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
ETATIOXS.
p
3
a
n
2 .SS
u n
= 3 S3
03
It
Astoria. 23.88 «2 48 S Cloudy
Baker- 2866 -93 89 SW Clear
Carson 23.78 SO 56 W Clear
Eureka. 29.91 60 52 KW Cloudy
Fresno 29.64 10S 68 KW Clear
Flag-staff 29.99 82 €6 X\V Rain
Poeatello. Idaho. 29. 66 98 60 KW Clear
Independence 29.60 98 68 SW Clear
Los Angeles 2S.80 SS 60 SW Clear
Phoenix 23.82 If* M N Cloudy
Portland 29.78 81 52 SW Pt Cldy
Red Bluff 29-64 10; 68 BE Clear
Roseburg: 29.76 SS 50 NW Clear
Sacramento 29.70 SO 60 SW Clear
Salt Lake 29.64 S! 61 KW Clear
San Francisco ..2S.84 56 50 BW Pt Cldy
8an Luis Obispo. 29.84 7B 64 SW Clear
San Diego 29.83 73 6-t ICW Cloudy
Seattle - 29.54 79 48 KW Cloudy
Fpokane 29.78 54 50 NE Clear
Neah Bay 29.82 64 4S SW Pt Cldy
Walla Walla ...29.68 9J 64 N T Clear
VTinnemucca ....29.64 93 50 W Clear
Tuna 29.62 102 M S Clear
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.0!
.00
.00
.00
.09
.01
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.03
.00
.00
.00
.00
STATIONS. ! .
. <r M it s.
: 'SI 33
a
08
s
Hollleter T7
Ventura. ?.... <»
N'apa -"• '%
San Jose .---. *¦'
Palermo 9*
Hanford 10f .
Santa Maria *
£0
rs
s:
eo
60
78
S3
N
S
Clear
.60
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
ETATIOXS.
p
3
a
n
2 .SS
u n
= 3 S3
03
It
Astoria. 23.88 «2 48 S Cloudy
Baker- 2866 -93 89 SW Clear
Carson 23.78 SO 56 W Clear
Eureka. 29.91 60 52 KW Cloudy
Fresno 29.64 10S 68 KW Clear
Flag-staff 29.99 82 €6 X\V Rain
Poeatello. Idaho. 29. 66 98 60 KW Clear
Independence 29.60 98 68 SW Clear
Los Angeles 2S.80 SS 60 SW Clear
Phoenix 23.82 If* M N Cloudy
Portland 29.78 81 52 SW Pt Cldy
Red Bluff 29-64 10; 68 BE Clear
Roseburg: 29.76 SS 50 NW Clear
Sacramento 29.70 SO 60 SW Clear
Salt Lake 29.64 S! 61 KW Clear
San Francisco ..2S.84 56 50 BW Pt Cldy
8an Luis Obispo. 29.84 7B 64 SW Clear
San Diego 29.83 73 6-t ICW Cloudy
Seattle - 29.54 79 48 KW Cloudy
Fpokane 29.78 54 50 NE Clear
Neah Bay 29.82 64 4S SW Pt Cldy
Walla Walla ...29.68 9J 64 N T Clear
VTinnemucca ....29.64 93 50 W Clear
Tuna 29.62 102 M S Clear
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.0!
.00
.00
.00
.09
.01
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.03
.00
.00
.00
.00
AUCTION SALES
.gp, BIG fea
AUCTION SALE
Of Selected and Accepted *
GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
LERY HORSES,
ConsJstins of "*""Tfl
100 MARES AND GELDINGS.
i«]^ ken ¦ In *Ie and double, and weighing from
loop to 1330 pounds, and are from 4 to 10 years
old. Many handsome single drivers, well
ma if f d team3 and saddle horses. All ara
epiia m color and have passed ¦ the veterina-
rian s Inspection. They are suitable for livery-
men, stage owners, teamsters, expressmen, etc.
r»o reserve. Terms ca3h.
If? Sale- Takes Flaw :i
TUESDAY/ July 23, 1901,
•From 10 a."m> Sharp to 1:30 p. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. ;i
721 HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD.
WM. O. LATNG. Auctioneer.
Horses at Salesyard July 20th.
PACKING-BOUSE HACfllNERY
SALE.
The following described Machinery, formerly
the property of
UNION STOCK YARDS COMPANY, ,
of Rodeo. Cal..
will b« sold at Dublic auction on the prem-
„„._._ \ isea at Rodeo oa
MONDAY j u iy W , ] 9C1
< ••_ At 10 a. m.,
By th« Present Owners, A. Aloer and N.
_ ; Ohlandt, to wit:
Engines. Boilers. Tanks. Vats. Belting. Pul-
leys, Shafting, Scales. Elevators, Miles cf Pip-
Ing, all sizes, and Fertilizing Plant. Packing-
house, Sausage-making and Can-making Ma-
chinery, etc., etc. All practically unused and
as good as new.
Catalogue with full description will bo
mailed on application to
N. OHLANDT & CO.. 327 Market street.
Or A. ALPER. 217 First st.. San Francisco.The only route 'having through-sleeplng
car service between San Francisco and St. j
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full . Information 'ask L.
M. Fletcher, 126 California street. .; ' • . „
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
LEAVENWORTH, - Kans.,". : July 20.—
Robert/ Garrett,- a prominent business
man and* a of j the ! city,- died at
10:15 o'clock to-night from the. effects of
heat. Besides his wife he leaves three sons
and a daughter/ . " ¦ ; •; - '' : -
Heat Causes Pioneer's Death.
BOI8E.- Idaho. July 20.— Vegetables are
being .shipped from Idaho as far east- as
St. Louis. To-day a representative of the
Pacific Express Company ' arrived here
whose especial duty it is to' hunt up a
vegetable supply for the drought-stricken
section. He-ha3 made arrangements for
s.hipment . from the gardens here, the ex
press company making special rates. A
shipment went forward to-nigh I.- > This
a sent stales tbat it has been impossible to
secure a. supply of, screen stuff, fiom the
South or Middle West.
. Vegetables Sent From -Idaho.
The negotiation of this agreement will
be a. matter .which will be of interest to.
the entire world and may result in a re
vival of .the -strained. International rela
tions of last spring.: Provided Russia does
not; attempt : to. seek preferential rights, it
is . not believed, that any objection , will ¦ be
made.'- Japan;' so far as known here, does
not contemplate any- steps looking to the
application , of ' pressure ,upon Russia 'to
withdraw* until negotiations in Peking are
completed. ' When the questions under dla-
At the time China rejected the Russian
proposals regarding the evacuation of the
territory now occupied. M. -de Giers, the
Russian Minister,, informed the Chinese
plenipotentiary that Russia would not fur
ther, discuss the matter. Authorities here
say that it its -natural that Russia should
desire guarantees for the protection of
her -railroad and other interests in Man
churia, and they expect that the evacua
tion of the -territory will only' occur after
anagreement of -some kind, has been ex
ecuted with Cbir.a. • _¦" , ¦ - v . :
The, officials anQ diplomats representing
the 'nations antagonistic ' to Russia admit
that, the moment is not auspicious for the
withdrawal' of the troops of the Czar
from Northern China. v The decree said to
have been issued by the Chinese Emperor,
directing his plenipotentiaries in Peking
tc' suggest that Russia should relinquish
Manchuria., has not been communicated
to the State Department, but. the; authori
ties regard it- as a move on the part of
the. Chinese Government to ascertaln'for
its own 'information the purposes of Rus
sia with respect, to Manchuria and Mon
golia. ......... ,.-.-.:...-. _ .. .
CALL BUREAU. HOG G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, July 20 .— Trusting
implicitly in \ Russia's . professions,' the
United . States is satisfied that as soon- as
conditions in Manchuria permit she will
evacuate that country. 1
f Special Dispatch to The Call.
Evacuation of Manchuria
the Perplexing
Question.
RUSSIA'S PLAN
IS MYSTERIOUS
.. "Rather than .go to jail the "captain
hauled down the flag, but. -as- soon as
•Whipple • was j gone he jumped into:';. the
steamer's. dingey and was ¦ pulled out to
the Concord. I don't know 1 what- Captain
Harry Knox said when he heard of Whip
ple's action, but I do know it did not take
him very long to act.: The British captain
was not five minutes aboard the gunboat
"It all. happened on July 4,".taid Captain
H. Thwing of the steamship John S.'Kim
ball yesterday. "Commissioner Whipple
wag full of enthusiasm and didn't * care
who knew It; There • were a" number of
vessels in^port, among them being the
British steamer Glenoni and the Ameri
can gunboat Concord. In honor of Inde
pendence day the Britisher. flew the union
jack- and had up some other ' bunting,
while the .Concord dressed .ship. . When
Whipple Faw the British flag waving in
an American port he got very angry, and
going aboard the Glenora ordered tne cap
tain to haul It down. The captain refused,
and then the Commissioner ordered Dep
uty United States Marshal Sullivan to ar
rest the audacious Britisher and then haul
•down the flag himself. .' v: • '
In his last ."encounter -"Whlpple^ran up
against John, Bull, .and when last heard
from /he was awaiting !wlth trembling to
hear what Washington has to say about
the matter. i .*j " . ' .' * '->•
' United States -Commissioner Whipple is
still carrying matters with a high hand at
Unalaska. The Homer brought the news
of his having arrested Captain Higgins of
the Ruth because he would. not pay off
two' drunken engineers. , Homer I«'ritch
had to putjup U00 in cash. to get Captain
Higgins out, and the money is still In pos
session of Commissioner Whipple.' Twenty
Italians who came here en the Homer said
they were . arrested on the slightest pre
text and fined $5 each. The costs of court,
which went toward paying .Whipple's sal
ary, amounted to $25 and $30 in each case.
Federal Commissioner at
Unalaska Makes a
Blunder.
HAULS DOWN
BRITISH FLAG
"Healer" Schlatter Fined.
WASHINGTON, July 20. — Francis
Schlatter, the so-called "divine healer,"
was tried in the Police Court to-day and
fined $10 or thirty days in the workhouse.
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
y-jWT-. ¦ - " Saturday, July .20.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne. 29 hours from
Crescent City.
NEAH "BAY— Passed in' July 20— Stmr Czar
ina, hence July 17, for Seattle; stmr Bristol,
hence July 17, for Oyster Harbor. '
Passed out 'July 20 — Stmr San Mateo, for
Port I-os Anreles.
PORT GAMBLE-Sailed July 20-Br stmr Al
£t>a, for Manila.
LISBON. July 20.— The ' twenty-five ; foot
sloop yacht Great Republic, in which Cap
tain Howard Blackburn sailed from
Gloucester. Mass., last month, has arrived
here, the passage having occupied thirty
eight days. . . ...
Blackburn's Sloop at Xiisbcn.
At the corner of Shafer and Fourth
streets he ran into S. Herzog, whom he
seized by the 1 lapels of his coat. After
peering into his face, he said:' "I don't
want you.", and continued running.
"The officers were notified and a thor
ough search was made, but the - myste
rious person could not be found. He is
described as being more than '6 feet in
height. ¦¦ . ¦
on a Street of the Marin
";V • City. &sW%.
¦,-•.;•; :¦' City. . ..-,.¦. ;'
SAN RAFAEL, July .20.— Considerable
excitement was caused In this city-to
night by the reappearance of the crank
wbo recently threatened Judge Angellotti.
To-night the man .was discovered at the
home of Albert -Boyen. He, was on the
front porch, reclining in a hammock. Vis
itor* approaching the house, he sprang off
the veranda and Jumped over the . back
fence. "~ ¦¦•• • ' ¦
Mysterious Prowler Stops S. ECerzog
tices of the Peace and Police Magistrates
in towns and cities.
Might Claim More Power.
"Xow if a City Recorder claims that he
has all the powers of a Justice of . the
Peace because the law creating his office
says that the court he sits in shall have
concurrent jurisdiction with that of a jus
tice of the g$ace, he could then claim
that he has all the full powers of design
nated magist/a-tes because the law says
a City Recorder is a Magistrate. On that
line of reasoning a City Recorder could
assume the powers of a Superior Court
Judge of a Justice of the Supreme Court,
and issue writs of habeas corpus or man-
Just how many marriages have been
solemnized throughout the State by City
Recorders can only be learned by a care
ful inspection of the marriage records
kept in the records of the various coun
ties of the State. The office of City Re
corder was established in 1883 and it is
safe to assume that many hundreds- of
marriages have been solemnized by, these
.°?f C the S I^eme'co^hould decide that
City Recorders have no right to solemnize
marriages, the effect will be disastrous
to the households whose heads they have
joined in wedlock. ¦ • ¦ - '„-
SAN RAFAEL'S CRANK
AGAIN IN EVIDENCE
cussion are determined and the 'allies
evacuate the province of Chili, then the
moment for bringing the Manchurian
question to the front will have arrived. ¦
"By this time everybody in Unalaska
was aware of what had happened. Whip
pie had told everybody he met that while
he was Commissioner : no- flag but the
Stars and Stripes should fly atVUnalaska
on Independence day. and then related
how he had made the Britisher haul down
the Union Jack. When the Concord's .men
went aboard the- steamship the Commis
sioner* and everybody else knew something
was going' to "happen. " Then the ' British
flag was run up -again, and everybody
knew Whipple had' blundered. How bad
the blunder was everybody guessed when
the Concord ran the Britisn flag up at
her.' fare rand .began firing a national
salute. In .this way Captain Knox did
everything in his power to make amends
for the blunder and there will be no inter
national difficulties in consequence, but
everybody up north seems to think that
Commissioner Whipple has not heard the
last of it."- • ¦ •. -- *
Captain Higgins of the steamer Ruth Ms
folng. to lay his case before the • United
tates courts on his return, and Whipple
may have to come: here to defend- him
self. vHe was appointed to his present po
sition by Judge. Noyes of Nome, who is
under orders to explain some high-handed
acts of his own to the Circuit Court, of
Appeals. -,"¦: \ - - .
when I saw. a toat manned and with an
officer in the stern pull away from the
gunboat for the Glenora, As soon as the
steamship was reached the officer ¦ and
two of the men' went aboard, and in a few
minutes the flag hauled down because of
Whipple's threats, was at the 'masthead
again. • • .
SupreAie Court Has U"ever Passed
. Upon a Vital Point That Might
TJisrupt Thousands of Homes.
City Recorders for Years
Have Solemnized
Nuptials.
In Every Part of the State
' the Petty Officials Thus
Officiate.
WIDESPREAD
ILLEGALITY OF
MARRIAGES
"The absurdity of such reasoning can
l>e easily shown. The law creating the of
fice of City Recorder says 'the Recorder
phall be Judge of the Recorder's Oburt
and ehall have the powers and perform
the duties of a magistrate.' Let us see
who are Magistrates under the law and
rwhat the duties of a Magistrate are.- The
Penal Code, section 807. says: 'A Magis
trate, is an officer having power to issue
a warrant for*the arrest of . a person
charged with a public offense.' Section
R>8 says that the following -persons are
¦Vftfjstrates: ¦' Justices of the Supreme
Clurt, Judges of the Superior Court, Jus-
A well-known attorney was asked for
his opinion last evening as to. whether it
was possible for this portion of the deci
sion to be construed as giving the full
powers of a Justice of the Peace to a City
Recorder.
"I don't see how it can be done," h« said.
"The decision says clearly that the Re
corder has the right to act as a Justice
of the Peace only as to certain criminal
matters. Now. a Justice of the Peace is
authorized • to solemnize marriages. This
authority is given by special enactment of
the Legislature. It is absurd to say that
because the Supreme Court has decided
that a City Recorder can be looked upon
as a Justice of the Peace In certain crim
inal, actions he is therefore empow
ered to do all that a Justice of the Peace
is authorized to do.
Recorder's Claims Are Absurd.
. City JU>>corder Murray of San Rafael
claimed on Friday that a decision of the
Supreme Court gave to his office, not only
the full power of a Police Judge, but also
of a Justice of the Peaice. The decision
mentioned by Murray is that In the Cali
fornia Reports, SS, page 417, in the case of
Dante R. Prince vs. the City of Fresno.
Prince wa* City Recorder of Fresno and
liad collected fines In cases where the city
ordinances and State laws had been vio
lated. He claimed that the fees collected
by him in cases where State laws had
been violated belonged to him, as he was
a Justice of the Peace, and- the City of
Fresno brought suit to compel Prince to
pay the money into the county treasury.
The portion of the decision of the Su
preme Court on which Recorder Murray
and others base their claim, to be consid
ered Justices of. the Peace is as follows:
A city Recorder possesses' the right to act as
a Justice of the Peace, and is. to all intents
and purposes, a Justice of the Peace as to all
criminal matters coining before him under the
Penal Code, as distinct from city ordinances,
and when acting under that code he has au
thority to charge the county ar.d , receive for
his sen-ices such fees as are allowed by law to
Justices of th« Peace in a township of a county
for like sen-ices.
Claims Power of a Justice.
A prominent attorney said yesterday
Xhat for many years claims have been
made by City Recorders that they were
in -fact Justices of the Peace and conse
quently were authorized to solemnize mar
riages. Judge St. Sure, formerly City Rec
order of Alameda, was asked yesterday if
he" had ever performed" any marriage cere*
monies. He said:
-'During the time I was City Recorder
of Alameda I solemnized a few marriages.
I know that my predecessors in office had
always done so and that it has been the
prsfctice with City Recorders in other
cities to officiate at marriages. I have
always been of opinion tnat the law creat
ing the office of City Recorder clothed the
holder with the same powers as possessed
by a Justice of the Peace. A Justice ot
the Peafce is one of the officials designated
to perform the marriage ceremony and
I believed that a Recorder had: that
right."
Opinions by Attorneys. ¦ .
Attorney Garret McEnerney was asked
lor his opinion on Friday as to the right
of a City Recorder to officiate, at a mar
riage, and the distinguished legal practi
tioner, after 'an examination of the laws
of the State, said he did not think a Re
corder possessed any such power. . \
At the office of Attorney E. S. Pillsbury
it was learned from his associate, Mr.
Madison, that the laws of California were
clear on the subject. In the opinion of
Mr. Madison only those officials desig
nated to perform the marriage ceremony
could do so, and that no construction of
Jaw or decisions could clothe a City Re
corder with the full powers of a Police
Judge or a Justice of the Peace.
The contention of J. J. Murray. City Re
corder of San Rafael, who is one of those
engaged in the business of marrying lov
ing couples, is that he is ex-offleio Police
Judge of San Rafael and that he officiates
,at marriages in that capacity and not as
City Recorder.
Two important questions thus arise for
decision by the Supreme Court of the
State. • In the face of that section of the
Civil Code. designating the officials who
uhall solemnise marriages, are City Re
corders empowered to do so by. any con
struing of decisions of the Supreme
Court?
Duties of Becorder Defined.
The municipal corporation act of 1883,
In creating cities of the fifth and sixth
classes also provided for Recorders'
Courts and Recorders . to preside therein.
.Section &06 of article 6 of the law says:
A Recorder's Court is hereby established • in
cuch city, to be held by the Recorder of such
cfty.
Said Recorder'* Court shall have jurisdiction,
concurrently with the Justices' Courts, or all
actions and proceedings, civil and criminal,
arising within the corporate limits of such city,
and which miyht be tried in euch Justices'
Court: and shall have exclusive jurisdiction of
£.11 actions for the recovery of any fine, penalty,
or forfeiture prescribed for the breach of any
ordinance of euch city, of all actions founded
upon any obligations or liability created by any
ordinance, and of all prosecutions for any vio
lation of any ordinance. The rules' of practice
snd mode of proceeding in "said Recorder's
Court shall be the same as are or may be pre
scribed by law in Justices' Courts in like
cases: and appeals may be taken to the Supe
rior Court of the county in which said city may
be situated, from all judgments of said Re
corder's Court, In like manner and with like
effect as in cases of appeals from Justices'
Courts.
Section 8C7— The Recorder shall be Judge of
the Recorder'* Court, and shall have the pow
ers and perform the duties of a magistrate. He
rnay administer end certify oaths and atfirma
tione, and take and certify acknowledgments.
He Fhall be entitled to charge and receive for
his services such fees as are or may be allowed
by law to Justices of the Peace for like serv
ices, except that for his services in criminal
prosecution for violation of ordinance he shall
be entitled to receive only such monthly sal
ary as the Board of Trustees shall, by ordi
nance, prescribe.
The exclusive news published in The
Call yesterday that thirty illegal mar
riages had been performed in the clty v of
San Rafael by the present Recorder and
his predecessor within the last thirty
months has caused a veritable sensation.
Members of the legal profession in this
city are especially interested in the sub
ject, . which was a topic of considerable
discussion yesterday.
In the course of investigation as to the
power of a City Recorder to solemnize
marriages it was learned that official^ of
that class throughout the State . have ! for
years officiated at nuptials, in consequenc«
of which there are perhaps thousands of
couples living together in unlawful rela
tionship, innocently believing that in be
ing married by a City Recorder they have
fully complied with the law.
THE SAN FRANTJISCOX CALIi, j SUNDAY; JULY 1901
32
DIED.
Continued From Page Thirty.
N^ GE Sr^L 2 * 7 Vlew ' South Saa Francisco.
Jul y20. 1901. at the residence of his parents.
»1» Charter Oak avenue, off San Bruno road.
Joseph Anton Naarer. dearly beloved son ot
John Marcell and Cecelia Naxer. and be-
loved brother, of Pauline. Minnie andLolsa
Nager, a native of. San Francisco, aged 20
years S months and - 17 days.
NICHELSON- Ii» this : city, July 19. 1901. Maria
C. Nlchelaon (nee Doerr), beloved daughter
of Phlllipp and the late Rosina Doerr. and
dearly beloved sister of Mrs. Henry Stelllns
and Henry, Lena and Louise Doerr. a' na-
tive of Pittsbursr. Pa., aged 27 years 1
month and 9 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral thfs day (Sunday), at
1:30 o'clock, from the residence of her sister
Mrs. H. St-lllng-, 1702 Church stiveC Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' -Cemetery.
NIXON-In this city. July 20. 1901. Jane Nixon,
beloved mother of William G. and Talbott
Falrleigb, Mrs. Elizabeth Free and Mrs.
Louise F. O'Brien, a native of ! Elizabeth-
town. Hardln County. Kentucky, aged 83
years 4 months and 23 days.
ETServlces will be held to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, at her late residence, 334
Page street, between Laguna and Buchanan.
Interment private.
NOLAN— In Oakland. July 20. 1901. Sara. M.
Nolan, beloved niece of George and Lawrenca
Nolan and Mrs. Mary Donnelly, a native ot
Newark, N. J.
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
PETERSON— In this city. July 19. 1901. Emm*
• A. Peterson, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years 3 months and 25 days.
ETFrlends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
. Charles J. B. Metxler. .636 "Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PICKERSGILL— In Alameda. Julr 19 1901.
William Clayton Plckersgill. C. B.. His Brl£
annic MaJ-sty's Consul General at San Fran-
cisco, beloved husband of Agnes M. Pickers-
Kill, and father of Edward W.. Lawrence.
Gilbert M. and Thomas H. C. Plckersgill a
' native of Lancashire. England, aged 55 years
[7Fr!ends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend "the funeral 'services
this day (Sunday). • at ' 2:43 o'clock, at St.
Paul's Church. San Rafael. Interment pri-
vate. Take 1:30 o'clock broadeauge boat.
Tlburon ferry. " ' DO * t »
SAVON— In this city. July 19. 1901. Arcisa Sa-
von, beloved dau cater of John Savon, and
sister of Kate and Ernesta Savon, a native
of Lossin Piccolo. Austria, aged 15 years «
months and 6 days.
g^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral this day
• Sunday). «t 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 407T4 Harrison street. Interment Holv
Cro.«s Cemetery. • *
SUTf-.O-In this city. July 19. 1301. Charles
• Sutro. bel-jvod brother of Albert and the lat»
Gu*tav Stitro. Emll Sutro. Elvira.Gradwohl
and Julta Lowenbers. a native It Alx-la-
Ch*pelle. aged 72 years 5" months and »
' "E7 Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thw day
(Surday). at 10:45 o'clock, from the residence
of hi* late brother. Gustav Sutro 1718 Pin*
street. f Interment Home of Pea<* Cemetery.
by special train leaving Third, and TownjeSd
•treeu at 11:40 o'clock. "* «w M ead
and Annie N. Lowney. and slater of Ella.
Alice and Daniel Lowney Jr.,. a native of
San Francisco, : aged 23 days.
LYNCH— In this city. July IS. 1901. John, be-
loved- husband of- Margaret Lynch, a native
¦ of Ireland. - aced -70 years. ':,'.:'-.
(CyFuneral private.
McMAHON— In this city, July 19, 1901, Jennie
T.. beloved wife of Daniel J. McMahon, and
1 sister of William J. Turner, Mrs. B. F. John-
son and- Mia. F. S tang, a native of San
Francisco. -
¦ C^Frienda and acquaint anoes are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at f 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 437 Clipper street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where' services will be held at 2:30
o'clock. ¦ Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MORRISSEY— In this city, July 19, 1901. Jen-
nie, beloved wife of John "J. Morrissey.
mother of Laurence, Gertrude, Genevieve and
Lauretta Morrlfaey. daughter of John and
the late Sarah Carroll, and sister of Mackle.
, Joe and Frank Carroll and Mrs. J. Murphy,
a native of San - Francisco, aged 38 years C
months and 19 days. -- ¦ • ¦•'".;¦¦
ETKrlends and accriaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Monday),' at 8 o'clock, from her late resl-
" dence. 1S0O* Sanchez „ street, corner Twenty-
elghih, thence ¦ to St. •; Paul's Church, . where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul coramenclnK at 8:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. •
MURPHY— In ' this city. July 19. . 1901. Dennis
"William, beloved son of John and Agnes Mur-
phy, and brother of John, Thomas and Cath-
erine Murphy, a native of San. Francisco,
aged 1 year 2 , months and 19 days.
(Cy Friends and ' acquaintances are, respect-
fully invited to attend the" . funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, M3Ji Natoma street Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Hala's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Sale's.
~W *ff&J'€2?S~ the n€W~Klnd ol& store- ~~^Sl~ '
H^^^^^ [ We : are here fora purpose. We've a mission. A ¦ man - 9r store born able merchandise for less than what you are- willing to ¦ pay, "in -other words /^lri\
Tfy^Sf : \ to lead,, knows'it--f eels it.;^. It's, an impulse that stirs^ them—helps them en- "making- cheapest what you want most," but. we^ .-sec >light" ahead. We see fe-^(*-vi A \
- \ thuse others/ ami '^^^^^^^^^M^^^^^^^^^^^^ a c new; merchandising era with i broader retailing methods. Clean-ups, -odds V 1/ \
.J<r \\Jh$, ' poleon over/the A^ and ends and are no more. You don't want .to buy: from . old /f^A
V mines and forts? . "^'¦¦¦ : '{"-\^ /^''. , "¦. ',"•'•¦ stocks, but new stocks— and' you may.- The Hale Store is an exponent of ,^a^/ \
ifyr^I&^'^f Jt may. seem a daring thing for us to- sell -good, regular, season- this ..new doctrine. .' ""* ; ' : :' X - T '.-. • .(S^^^Sl '8
// 'm£$M W^W^i!^W^^^Wl^m^0eM Look -at the • pjetvres-read ttie [details- mh¥ WM
// \ \\ \i^A e are doing tn ' n S s in an uncommon way this month. Making cheapest what you Stylish? Yes, and not dear. That comes from our new conception of values. Now if j f / 1 tOfiTi
I \ J^///J wan^ most - II mean . s less money to us, but more trade. If we can get more folks to start we «(j s imply give San Francisco another store like ithad, we should have had no business til £h /^JT^
/ 33* \\^*Y coming here for. their, supplies, the money will come later. -..;.. .,. < coming here— but this store is different. . ;v,:: ? . ' . W&ZA JOtS!
/ A , ¦' $£^«jfC<*?^ . ::.: We Sell Only Stylish Garments. \J^Q ¦ ngBSfr
/\ It's, impossible to find-prettier or more substantial or; more womanly, garments even at ... " *> *-"* & . •. - '"if I ZgW^
--• — -•••// regular prices 'than we're going to sell .; / '.;."•. ";',..' v • - —and sell them at ; prices that keep us in the lead. In our. endeavor ; to • give- unusual ' offers ' /jh^.
jlfiiiSa Ak Safe Pric^sBe^tnnin^^ To- Morrow Morning. ; : ' this; week >e've ; made these ". • ' [ -^ :'¦'-" eSIa^s '
i^^SV / Look at this beautiful skirt at $2.50 that can't be had regularly under $.3.50. or those '. /t» '• ' 1 • J
'^^SV drawers at 22c andJB5c or gowns for 58c, that are as good as we usually, get to sell for 75c. W||if f 51 T *K A HC= = I C\ W=s 1^1*1 C^F^Ct - ft^S^CP
Z^ 9 J ijgo I Whatever else you come for don't miss these ;- ¦, , . . t^ Cll %|7Zg.»y^ 3V.lV/-.Yy J/l IVvU ' I A^»
Sbft CambriC Corset GoV&rS for ;8C. / we must charge a dollar extra for, alterations. ' fl2&Ljy[
f^mM^M^^^ 1^^ Plain, of course, but with high necksand in these sizes only-32, 34, 36, 3S and 40. - ' ; ' , , - - '¦; '' . . . ." V. '....'. ;
r| 1^^^^^ White cambric trimmed at bottom with a ,10-lncH 2 new styles, made of good soft-finish muslin, high ask you to pay for alterations unless you care to. . • .. " .. F*<^7^<X 1
1 1 I '\J I combination flounce of cambric and embroidery. neck, lace-trlmmed lawn ruffle and. Insertion of em- ¦ •«.• ne- w ¦ - eiQ'^rf'iu . - ' - B I* *l *L '
j/ J 111 / $1 25 Skirts for $1 OO broidery around neck, square yoke of flne cluster . {j)4.yO fNOW. I QlOtlO INOW. - .. - - K \ % tfl l TJ
\ ,V *&& S&J Fine soft with 16-lnch " n " b T! l 1 A a -» h ? 1 P?^ hlsh and some V necks, others low neck and Empire ¦ ' .-. '¦ •) ¦ ¦• COO RH M^,., ' =9 I
KiiiU T^F flounce^ made with double iu: tfle ea ch ti rtmme d with style, yokes, of flne hemstitched tucks and lnser- . : VAw ' '' fl>*2.5O I\OW. ' "' fc^tV I
//v5 Vir 2 insertions of Point de Paris lace- and lace edge, tions of embroidery-hemstitched- finish around neck INOWi • '• ; - - . T . -, , 'JKfcW L\
/ Qj\ l\ gives solid lace effect 12 Inches up from bottom, a and cuffs— excellent value . . . - ¦ . Cheviots and homespuns In navy, black «nd Oxford*^ . rZMJsk k V
/ /t*J T*J V French model skirt. >. ' ,-" " . ' : . ; -, __ ' 00^. '' HomeaDun suits in llttht and dnrk irray— It'n an all double breasted, tlsht flttln? Jackets faced with peau Pg2«rS7/
/¦/ f'¥ >r WALKING SKIRTS. Jl 50 up to $S. New.tyles, .„„__., *'* , «° W "m 8^ «, wool^'oth mad "up "into double breasted. cIom fitting de sole and lined with tafTeta .Uk-sklrt has a flarlnj A
/ / 4*Vv '-£'-2 handsomely trimmed with embroidery or lace. 6 new stjlea, made of fine muslin— high neck, dainty ," Jackets which are also silk Berge Unc.l— the skirt fiounce and is lined with taffeta or has a silk drop skirt* \ \\
'/ Drawers 22c Pair. - em^ eo/T=rw ' ' ' W*F l \\
I InfflnK \ Made of good soft -flnleh muslin, cut wide and full, embroidery ruffle. ,, . ¦ ' : - - ¦ • " • •.- ' .<t>!24*7O INOV^» ~ ' *
/ III'.// k deep hemstitched cambric ruffle on bottom. GojmsSl.Op-New styles.; handsomely, trimmed In *¦ $12.75- NOW. - Navy and black cheviot, or »ray and Oxford home- vflb^w' *
/ VV \ ' ' ¦ r\ _j>35c Drawers 25c Pair. embroidery or lace. . . : .. . . spuns — with short, smart eton Jackets under which /&>V7$h$\ f
I I\\V f / f \ Ma«^of good soft finish muslin, trimmed at bot- Gowns 51.25 lit) to $8.00—l*ew styles just re- Cheviots and homespun «ult§ In blues and blacks and peep out satin vests— sleeves are bell shaped— the collar JCT \ <&% " 5
j / torn with umbrella-shaped ruffle of cambric and em- ceived— beautifully. trimmed., \ ; grays— eton Jackets lined with taffeta silk-bell sleeves, /velvet— they are taffeta lined trimmed with, stitched I %t\r A A
\ J*fj>^"\ / / • broidery. ! Frencn Gowns 87.00 and $8.00— New style— turn down L'Alglon collars and trimmed with bands of satin straps— the skirt of course flares and la trimmed I«^S JBv \ */f9Jt
*J O \ r*r . ¦¦§-/• Other styles handsomely trimmed with embroidery without sleeves or to the elbow — elaborately trim- taffeta — the skirt has seven gores and Is set off with with satin piping — It, too. Is silk lined — or some of I ¦ f #X \ y ™*
> 1-1 or lace at 60c and 75c a pair. ¦ , .med_wlth embroidery.' lace and ribbon. - stitched taffeta bands. . ' • them -with silk drop skirts. '¦ - - • . \» n S £\ \
i^J (i\ 5ale of Sehpolbooks and School Supplies. P^^^
V We're sjoing to more than do our part in outfitting the school-children. . . of what you want and we'll fill it clear through. Everything is put • together in one place JL VL
\\ We've not only got EVERY KTNT> OF A SCHOOLBOOK, but a • full line of stationery where you can buy easily and quickly. ' ' O[ \ dfe)
J . VV needfuls, as pencils, pens, sponges, rulers, tablets, composition books, etc. Write out the list .' ' t \
yr* *94l!* \^k, s*m « »\ -g ¦ , • ¦ ' f^ ¦t '- " ' % W~^ ¦ Iinncli Boxen, fie- In 3 sizes with; strap • handles; Pencil Tablets, 6©— Extra large and rood qual- B A .OsLnV
g-swm/ -ITri t Hi l/11*Arl C I B #*^3k C? C? £3k C g"\ If* {V they are light and durable— 8c. 10c and 12c each. ity paper. • ¦ • \ * TO.'P 'l
*9^M$$W\ /I VllilUrVll 4^ lyl C^dCd U.^Lt Other Lunch lla«kctn Reduced-There Is such Comno«i tion Book*, 2c-Paper covered, suit- I \\«V'dA/''
¥^MV ' ' ' ¦-' •"--• S %J a variety of styles and sizes (enough .to suit every able for writing in ink-50 pages. V \ViV7
' They are thin and cool and prettily colored; made from lawn In light and dark blue, trimmed tSfAT The new pSce^rSn i'ke tnis- 0 iSc '?5c Me" Composition BooU—Canvas covered-iOc. 15c | VH//
over the shoulders with wide ruffles and down the front and back with embroidery; the yoke 25c and 33c. n^«,*l'..» '•««?• n»«i,. -^ i<v ->n~ »^ V VA
¦t^^^^p^^^^^^^^ is gathered; the whole thing has a blouse effect, as shown by the accompanying picture; for lit- School lia K *, Bc-Cotton . ones, closely woven, "eportern .>ote book«-oc. .10c, -Oc. <.*c $ VX
tie. girls from 6 to 12 years old; very pretty and very appropriate dresses for school children.. 93c K^Sc? WUh "^ handIes - n lnches deep> 10 lnches ?!""£*"' lc " Just the thl3? for ** ncil boxes and | V^v
each. -••':¦ - ' ",' - School IlaRH, 15c— In colors, lined with heavy Pencil Boxen, lOc— They have a slate pencil, a & £ *. o* T(jt
. : School Dresses $ 1.95. . Sailor Suits $2.5O. — Hc - drawstrin * to p-" lnchea .-, deep - 10 Ulcb " / O*"
v \s i Made from percale, but they look* like chambray— Just the thlngr for school wear; made of heavy gala- 1OO SInfe Pencils, 12c— And they are In a box by so nobody else can get them— 10c, 15c 25c each. . '' & J
and wear like 'chambray— front of all-over embrold- tea eloth— has that satiny, glossy effect, but is as themselves, too. ¦ ' Pencil Doxes, 3c— Fitted complete even to a lock v.
ery; the wide collar Is edgedy» with embroidery— the tough as can be^-comes in lisrhf and dark blue "Wooden Slate Pencils, Gc x for 6— Thay, too. and key. - . - N^ _ -- *-* 1 *^
sleeves are the new bishop kind, the collar, sleeves, stripes, with . double. sailor collar. -trimmed with white are put up in a box by themselves. • Pencil Holders, 2c— Fitted with "a slate pencil. - t
front and skirt are all trimmed in rows of- white cuffs and. fipished^with .braid— skirts and waists Ink Tablets, Be— An A No. '1 cream paper— or -lead pencil and -penholder. - . ¦ •"' -
• • > braid — choose from blues and oxbloods — the two best made in one piece— blouse is ..separate— ages . 6 to 12 colored — note or packet size— others at 10c, 12c, 15c Pencil Boxes, lOc — Complete with lead pencil,
,- colors for little girls 6 to 12 years, at $1.95 years v $2.50 and 25c* • . slate pencil, ruler and penholder.
... I '¦ , ".'*'' '.'''.,'-.'..." — '.' — ' ¦ " -' ¦-
WuiehvftkG l Cm-miOs0S \Mmrt JKIil These Dimities reduced*
.„ ., ,^ .,, , - «, ™ .„ „ thlno . / \\ g^j Mt - rHrit;ri '^' w ' > ]^^ ft) Us ?§r&&P t!^M§MMi&22?' and dimities are the most sought-after of wash goods. That's why we mark them
i Plain white ones, prettily trimmed with a 4%-inch . ruffle. There s nothing we | =.-• - . w-J — . txas .^ *i&m.\lhMr t -^£#x&tttf*£^. down— that's why some folks mark them up.-- •- -— •
know of that makes as dainty a hanging for the money as these white ruffled cur- lL^j_ J -A ~ ft T : an. § ¦ *¦*•'¦¦ ¦ -t* ¦' -'i - i K/ , ¦ , «,>» in,. ia,, „ .... » n
tains; they wear, too; no threads to pull apart. Maybe that's why prudent house- •§¦ -@ S /¦ fUjlk 'B* 4l 4~± ¦&%' V&L (TH M/tD* d IOC qualities IOr IOC. lUC qualities TOP DC,
keepers are buying them so *ast-6Bc a pair. ..;• g ¦ | JJk I 1W M B9 Jf 9 § M M A^Olff B ¥ * 1% ® and 30 Inches wide. The grounds are white and colored, covered with stripes
Nottingham Curtains $1.50. Figured Silkohnes 7)4C. 1 : if r**- ¦*¦ ¦". -^ jr^T'^-^^^M.jm. %^> t • J || and figures— extremely dainty, dressy. stuffs. Get a third more for the money than
bc™ or white: « T-g-w SSfiT « t£JS^£$?*SZSL I - 1 Of Mr^t help io e yGry woman- I % you could last week " -"
? 1 " Rn new: vwy y; P marked now erlnK bed 00^0^; anexce;)t i onal value this 11 „ ' . " , \ '. ¦ ' I" ' • T^%t'^ :^' r 1 J 7^1 1 •
.'¦_,. on ' week; 7%c instead of 10c. . g | We aim to make everything we do be of as much help to 1'' K^ \f*€\ C rl (*f\ I 1 1 1 C a 1 t*% *1 ' C
Art Velours 60c. | Lace Striped Scrim 10c. j I you as we can. Jhere's nothing so many women use so much /^ , S^W^MiW^ J
A^tSd^' J-S^VXS^Sua ¦ S^=?™£» JjSr&^riS^TfflSrai,"^^ ¦ fiti\ ofVi NOTIONS^and there's i -.nothing we're so well pre- I fk ' fS^thfSZS^S? FulfyarTwfde S ° 80 " aDd tolShed * U ' a
dr^ pes - se_n__now a c. ,. I |l||| pared to supply them with as NOTIONS. We want you Wjft ' ' '¦
Fnur TlfHKitfll Vainer in Toilet Paner |il to ; k^^ a^" o^^£^^ 5=lb. All=WooI Blankets $4.50.
rUUI UllUoUul TalUvij 111 lUllvl lai/Wl* Ml flV we've filled one of our big windows with notions, g ven _zf „ .. . . . ¦ .. . . • t. -j o
vw , ,. ,v . f>i ¦¦¦¦-.r,-' fltfij ¦¦<-¦" v, ¦-¦¦< ¦>-'•¦¦¦ -i -^ - -¦ -•¦.-•¦ j' j , s^X Pure, snowy, white— nice and dean— soft and downy. 72 inches wide, 82
We have lately received a large shipment of the best, quality toilet paper l'™^ ?° much / n^ wspaper space to them and s P read them §§% inches long, full sized. With prettiest kind of pink and blue mixed borders.
— hotels and rooming-houses as well as smaller users can buy from us — the \gg|!& about the store on bargain tables. ,->, £ , . ; • V^ .^ They are a bigger money's worth than you usually get.
SaVi S S kS^S k 5^picKAGESFOR^5c_Nbt large, : of course, but what is W bi « >> otion store ; now fora few, days-a fine;time W| B^, p niows 5Oc .- • White Flannel: 20c.
usually sold.6 for 25 c. " " > V -dzk , - -- " " 'OJ 3 "^ WUh ' "" "^ Tr^T-g
5c A ROI*Ij — medium size. . "Si Eldntic, Be Tnrd-5 ifross— VA- Banting Cotton, 4c— The best only a t0 sel1 at 5Oc each# at 20c yard.
4 FOB 2oC — Large size rolls — worth. IOC. ;« S '• lnc }» fancy frilled elastic, in made— 500 yards on a spool and ai.'u^4l!W ' :
2 FOB luc_Lar K e ioc size-this. is an extra value and worth the atten-',, f j , tt^fc :5h,SSSS? ?! &£*££,£ 25 . A_*JoriotJS > , &*
tion of the closest buyers. ______ V. \^ ... '.< II | Snpp<>rt e PB . 2 : {C -Made K"^ 5 ' '° nK at thls &5 JgiifofTinTiOfff'T'fTiQZZfZ&VB*
«X r» • Jl f «^L 1 In our Hairdressina and ManicurinQ (^--^ with front shield and fastener— 8c Hnlrplnn, 3c— "Royal Plaid IQU3 - -KA-«_7wC^> f %fjLj VUXlX* *JLM-?Tk €x*"l/ 0mmtr XJP
AA/1CTCL 51 n<i S\VI^rHP^ nlnr^,«# " • and nnlBhed with patent button Cabinets" containing an assort- |<E-3>, SinnrJrfs* Vf»f~V tflflCtCS XTM* Wnrt*
YV 15^3 CtliU , Department ; V ¦ , catch— colors pink, blue, red and ment of 100 wire hairpins heavy |g7* -»'[ **JTZ Wf&O , VCry SriifCfQ^. yOZZ vrg*T2Z-
Our hair .work Js worthy of your close attention.- We construct these pieces \ . HaUptn^'^-'-Una" Cabinets now Sic^ch!"™ 8111^ 5 ° ecod "' l £_>'( >Ti ? n '^ ° f^ n *- h f * V*? h wid . e rib^-? n in . such a ran S e of P«tty shades is on-
to aooear so natural and true to life as to defy detection under the keenest ¦ containing: an assortment of 100 "Trenton" Safety Pin«, 3c «_J» vl dermarked. Yet its doing things like this that have made our ribbon counter
,- r^.,. j' ..... . • ' wire hairpins and 50 black and — Heavy nickel-plated ones — gt ' famous
Observation. . . . -• , . > - white- metal, ones— all for 5c a well made and finished— 1 dozen Ol__», A+**>n« a *• * a \ <i: t u i °'« : -' t-ar «•
- Coneerninp- Switches— They are all made from the finest quality of hair and made cabinet. • . -- on a card— small, medium and i.ff* I A '* <uc — A satin taneta with openwork border — also chiffon taneta and
so^true to nature that they sell themselves; now and then we give them a little • Dwrnijiir Cotton. '» JJor Be- large sizes-3c a card _ IH.iTiTiiv^iflll double-faced ribbons— all 5 inches wide, in colors suitable for neck, millinery
newspaper help.. - - - o /\ to^in 'bVack.' whitefTn!- «d I^IJ^L^ k^t^^It ' ¦ ¦ '-/A^k .purposes or "pillow ruffling-such as gray, brown, tan, green, cerise, magenta,
....... - - trench, Hair 5»witcnes.. . //' \\ pd dnib-42 yards _ to a spool-, metal buttons, ranging: in value //CT//|i! bluette, lavender, yellow, nile. cherry, royal and navy— qualities that usually j
IS inches long-short stem ..»2.OO 22 inches long-short stem "gf.OO \ i a 4 ue^«, itoeuinV^Da^ner. MnK a^iar^e%a d r°i"y"of n 8 d man IBM JS sel1 at from 35c to' 5 oc now marked 2OC. ' ' ; Y '
20 inches long-short stem :...«3.f5O =4 inches long-short . stem. -. ..$6.00 ft 1 *%*f5to*±'%g£**£?^S} SSuf^rimnu^/ buttgn^a'™ « M 1 AU-Silk Satin Baby Bibbon~10 Yards 10 C_I t comes in spools of IO I
German Hair SwitohOB. I / curved on top and have a steel one prl e e-5c per dozen. fW '/ varHc M rh rr.1r.« • « comes m spools OI IO
_ . *• ' , ., ; . . " 1fi .--y..- !«„«, m x,'i .1 / spring to hold goods nrmly In Stocking Darnem, 2c— 1% -Of 3- I yaras eacn — colors •/},%¦ .-/l-
f^\ /S&l J!&/ /m/ menes long — Bnort |J y place— 2 ktofs in the assortment gross of black enameled one3 Wife ' lavender, purple. /Sff' //Si?/* "