PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 57.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 27, 1901.
Judgment Is Rendered in Superior Court in Case of
Mathias Johnson Against Hotel and Restaurant
Employes' International League of America
Decision Declares Unlawful the Boycott and Intimi
dation; the Enticing Away of Men Called to Fill
\ Positions Vacated by Strikers and Use of Pickets
JUDGE SLOSS ENJOINS LABOR UNIONS FROM INTERFERING WITH
BUSINESS OF EMPLOYERS ANDFROM USING THE WORD "UNFAIR"
COURT TAKES A HAND IN THE LABOR SITUATION, WHICM IS ASSUMING A
MORE SERIOUS ASPECT, THOUGH NO SEVERE OUTBREAK HAS YET OCCURRED
POLICE USE
THEIR CLUBS
ON CROWDS
Threatened Riots South
of Market Quickly
Quelled.
Trucks Disabled by Strike
Sympathizers Block Traf
fic in the Streets.
Considerable- Excitemen$ Prevails
During the Bay in the Vicinity of
Transfer Companies'
Barns.
The police expect serious trouble
¦with the striking teamsters when the
trucks and teams attempt to leave the
barns this morning. At 2:30 a. m.
a large number of patrolmen were,
called in off their beats and sent to
the barns as a precautionary measure.
BETWEEN lockouts by employers
and knockouts by policemen, a
busy day was spent by many
strikers. The ominous looking
riot club of the police officer,
stripped of its red-corded trim
mings so effective on parade, was
conspicuously carried In plain
sight and it frequently descended
upon the head of him who refused to
move on. Sometimes the crowd was sur
ly, but one or two cracks on the head suf
ficed to disperse the gathering crowd.
Street cars were stopped, stones were
hurled, ropes on loads were cut, nats
were unscrewed from - wheels and every
ingenious method to annoy the drivers of
recognized non-union teams was utilized.
In some cases the mischief: -was done- by
boyish Several- aerttra>»
blockade3i of. street-car trade 1 . occiirreG"
during the day, the result of disabled
trucks that broke down on the tracks.
Changes came thick and fast during the
day. The first was the lookout of the
boxmakers, some 500 in number, followed
a few hours later by a lock-out of the
beer bottlers. The packers, porters and
warehousemen seemed to fear a similar
fate, but no general lookout was an
nounced. The brewery workmen, who re
cently secured a concession on the part,
of the employers, fear similar action on
the part of the Brewers' Protective Asso
ciation.
Efforts to arrange a meeting between
the employes of tHe Union Iron "Works
and President Henry T. Scott were not
completed yesterday, but it'is expected
that the meeting will be held to-day. Two
o'clock is the hour set, and the men who
will compose the committee from the shop
have been carefully drawn.
The iron-molders will hold a special
meeting this morning at 10:30 o'clock to
take action regarding some important de
velopments of the last few days.
A mass meeting under the auspices of
the Federation of Improvement Clubs 13
to be held and Mayor Phelan Is to be
asked to name a committee of 100 to In
sure the success of the proposed meeting.
As soon as he can be communicated with
and a date selected a hall will be en
gaged, unless conditions change for the
better.
But little change was observable yes
terday In the conditions affecting the
lockout and strike of the teamsters. A
larger number of non-union men were em
ployed and worked under the escort of
police. Many are coming from Interior
points, attracted by the large wages now
being offered.
Business Agent Casey and Secretary
McLaughlin of the Brotherhood of Team
sters were not around headquarters all
day. It was said they were endeavoring
not to patronize the plaintiff, were carried to
and fro In front ' of plaintiff s restaurants. The
defendants deny that any acts committed as
above stated were accompanied by any element
of violence, fraud,"' misrepresentation, intimi
dation or threat of any unlawful act whatever,
or that they, were done in pursuance of any
conspiracy to coerce plaintiff to subject his
business to their control. As. to the latter
point. : I • think the only proper Inference from
the papers before the court is that such acts
as appear to have been committed were com
mitted pursuant to a common understanding
of the defendants and with their sanction and
consent. ." '
On these facts various legal questions arise.
The court Is asked to issue an Injunction re
straining the defendants from the further com
mission of acts which are resulting In damage
to plaintiff's business. The affidavits raise an
issue as to the • Insolvency of the defendants.
Despite this I have no doubt that, so far as the
acts complained of are unlawful. Injunction is
the proper remedy. The suggestion that the
injury complained of is not irreparable has
some force In the present state of the record,
but the jurisdiction of equity to enjoin a
threatened wrong In order to avoid a multi
plicity of actions Is well established, and finds
an appropriate exercise In cases of this char
acter.
, Nor is it . any objection to the is
suance of the writ that some of the
acts complained of are criminal of
fenses. , . . - "
Complain of Unlawful Acts.
Assuming, then, that the acts of the defend
ants, so far as they are unlawful, may be. en
joined, we are met by the question, how far. If
at all, are the acts complained of unlawful?
Struggles between employers and employes
have In recent years given rise to a considerable
number of decisions by English and American
courts, and, while there is a great divergence
of authority on some of the questions involved,
I take it that others are settled beyond the
possibility of dispute. Thus (leaving out of
consideration any question of breach of con
tract). It Is clear .that an employe' may with
draw from his employment whenever he may be
dissatisfied with the remuneration or other con
ditions of his employment; and that a combi
nation Of' employea to so withdraw is equally
permissible. (Arthur vs. Oates, 63 Fed. Rep.
310. Allen vs. Flood. 1S98, App.Cas. 1.-.129 1 .)
.'On' the other hand, there' can be no doubt
(and; Indeed, It is conceded by. counsel for de
fendants)-' that it j is an actionable y wrong , for
persons by | means of violence," threats of vio
lence, intimidation or defamatory statements
George Renner, secretary of the Dray
men's Association, In speaking of the
conference proposed by the Municipal
League, stated yesterday that his asso
ciation was perfectly willing and even
anxious to treat with the men themselves,
but that it would never consent to treat
with the leaders or with the paid agi
tators. He declared that the teamsters
who wanted to come hack to their work
could . do so at the same schedule of
wages that was paid before the trouble,
provided that each was willing to obey
orders. He stated that the employers
cared not whether the men were union or
to effect some kind of a settlement, but
that their efforts were futile.
REGARDING the decision handed flown by Jndtje Sloss, At
' tome-y H. "W. Hntton, representing the defendant labor
unions;, raid:
"The decision simply restrains the unions from doing:
thing:* -which I claim they have not done. As I read the
decision! it does not restrain the . unions from 'pickctlnsr.' The
injunction prohibiting the use of the word 'unfair* does not meet
with my approval. The -word 'unfair* may be slanderous, as the
other side contended. If this is a fact its use should not have
been enjoined, for there is other remedy aealmt one who slan
ders you. I consider the decision a practical victory for the de
fendants, and if I take an appeal It will be only for the par
pose of ascertaining the vlcvra of the Supreme Court upon the
issues involved."
HUTTON SEES/VICTORY FOR UNIONS.
Continued on Page Three.
solicited plaintiffs employes to leave 'his em
ploy, and numbers of them did so leave. The
'defendants caused men to be picketed In front
of plaintiffs restaurants and to march up and
down and call forth In loud and threatening
tones not to patronize plaintiff, that the plain
tiff was unfair and kept an 'unfair house. By
reason of these acts large crowds congregated
in front of plaintiff's places of business and
blocked the . passageways thereto. The defend
ants organized processions of men displaying
transparencies on which were inscribed notices
not to deal with plaintiff; they caused r men
hearing placards (1. e., sandwich-men, so called),
to walk in' front of plaintiff's restaurants, such
placards being Inscribed: "Don't .patronize
Johnson's Creamerie. It is a non-union house.
Six days a week Is' long enough for any restaur
ant emninvtt to work. Heln US with our ' fifirht
for ¦ a day's rest I and . a. shorter ., workday by
patronizing houses with a union card."- ,
; The defendants '.further; caused various labor
organizations . to pass ¦ rules ' forbidding any . of
their members. . under penalty of fine or expul
sion, to patronize the plaintiff. ¦ The j said acts
are all alleged to have bea^ done pursuant to
and in furtherance of the' conspiracy above re
ferred.to. - '. — >- ¦'¦'-,-'- — -..¦... ...... . ,.:..* .
The complaint then goes on to state -that
these acts have" resulted . In damage j) to % the
plaintiff In the sum ; of "$2500, ' that 'the ; defend
ants threaten ' to continue ¦ the 'commission of
said : acts, that , the "defendants . are • financially
Irresponsible,' and ' the plaintiff • is without any
speedy, plain or 'adequate 'remedy* at law. \
'"Without stating at length; the contents of the
affidavits filed ..by;; defendants,;, it Is -"sufficient
to Say that: whlla «.'numh«r nf th« ollaffa.ttnn«
of the complaint are formally denied, the pa
pers on i file ; leave certain material ; facts sub
stantially v beyond dispute.. Thus, it may be
taken' as admitted facts that the 'defendants
offered to i ' plaintiff for his signature a' blank
agreement containing: the " provisions j hereinbe
fore Wet 'out; that" plaintiff refused to sign the
'proposed. agfreement; that . thereupon a, -number
of ', the j cooks and i waiters theretofore working
for him left his employ; that a number of men
.'/picketed? plaintiff' b places of business, walk-
Ing upj and 1 : down In "front of. the same and re
questing passers-by not to patronize , the plain
tiff," Stating that he was '"unfair 1 .' and kept an
'•unfair ''' house" ; ;'/ that various < labor union's
passed .rules ' prohibiting ., their • members, under
penalty of ¦ fine or . expulsion." from patronizing
the 'plaintiff; ' that' transparencies and banners
or'nlar.ard«.; onwhlch were inscribed 'rumiesU
DAY'S INCIDENTS OF THE STRIKE. THE SUPERIOR JUDGE WHO RENDERED, A ; DECISION. GRANTING AN
INJUNCTION AGAINST THE COOKS AND, WAITERS/, THE 'POLICE FREQUENTLY .USED ' THEIR- RIOT
CLUBS AGAINST GATHERING CROWDS. . . ¦ ' • ,:.-,. ' ...
SUPPORTERS
OF SCHLEY
PROTEST
Claim That an Attempt
Is Made to Influence
the Court.
Pointed Language in the Pre
cept Regarding Santiago
Campaign.
Exception Is Taken, to the Statement
That Commodore Schley Dis
obeyed Certain Orders of
Navy Department
"You have been severely criticized of
late for starting to Siboney on the morn
ing of the Santiago battle. What was
your reason for so doing?"'
"I went to Siboney upon the urgent re
quest cf Major General Shatter, who had
demanded a council of war. He being 111
at the time, and, moreover, being a senior
to me, it was incumbent upon me to go
to him rather than him to xne. I chose
a time of day when it seemed the least
likely that Cervera's fleet would come out
of the harbor. This opinion .is substan
tiated by the fact that Cervera has been
severely criticized for choosing this most
inopportune time, rather than waiting
until Just before dark, when he -would
have an opportunity to scatter his ships,
with a good chance of some escaping in
the darkness.
"In this connection It may be well to
BOSTON, July 26.-One effect of Ad
jniral Schley's demand for a court of In
quiry has been to renew the attacks upon
Admiral Sampson, some going so far as
to assert that he also should be made a
subject for official investigation. Samp
son was Interviewed to-day by a Call
correspondent.
"From many sources, admiral, numer
ous charges are being made concerning
your conduct of the operations during the
Santiago campaign," said the correspond
ent.
"I know," said the admiral, wearily,
"everything that Is malicious, venomous
and false is being written and said."
the Day of the Battle.
Tells "Why He Went to" Siboney on
The Secretary added that the court
might commend Rear Admiral Schley and
recommend him for promotion, or it might
find reprehensible conduct on the part of
other officers which would necessitate fur
ther action. .
EXPLAINED BY SAMPSON.
"It Is the legal right of an officer to
know specifically the matters affecting his
conduct which are to be investigated. It
is just that this should be so. not only to
the officer under investigation, but to the
court which is making the Investigation.
In the preparation of a precept the de
partment was careful to avoid anything
that looks like an accusation. It simply
mentioned points which, to use Admiral
Schley's own phrase, "have been matters
under discussion.''*
Legal Bight of an Officer.
"The statements are not presented as
facts," the Secretary went on. "They sim
ply repeat what has been set forth in the
newspapers, and Admiral Schley declares
that he wants a complete investigation.
The precept is in the usual form observed
in the preparation of documents of like
character issued for the guidance of
courts of inquiry.
The Secretary read each specification,
calling attention to the care with which
it had been prepared.
"Even' effort was made," the Secretary
continued, "to make the precept as im
personal as possible."
Secretary Long explained that the word
"disobedience" was used because In his
own message to the Xavy Department
Commodore Schley stated "much to be re-
CTetted, cannot obey orders of depart
ment."
"While the precept does not limit or re
strict the scope of inquiry into the "entire
matter." the court is specifically directed
to submit its conclusions upon ten points.
Supporters of Rear Admiral Schley imme
diately raised, a cry that the department
had. by language employed in the precept,
f=cu^ht to influence the court before it had
begnn to take evidence, Vhey called at
tention to tbi direction that court should
investigate "circumstances attending and
reasons for disobedience by Commodore
Schley of orders of the department, con
tained in its dispatch dated May 25, 1S98."
Language Is Objected To.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., "WASHINGTON, July 26.— Besides is
suing formal orders to-day to the court
of inquiry which will investigate the con
duct of Rear Admiral Schley, Secretary
Long made public the precept, outlining
the matters to be Investigated.
This precept shows that the court will
Inquire Into the conduct of not only Rear
Admiral Schley, but also of all other offi
cers who participated In the Santiago
campaign. It is, moreover, empowered to
make recommendations as to further pro
ceedings, if any, which should be insti
tuted against any officer found guilty of
reprehensible conduct. "While Rear Ad
miral Schley cannot be punished because
of the statute of limitations, the court
can. should it find him guilty of any of
the charges, recommend his court-martial,
though the department could not adopt
the recommendation.
JUDGE M. C. SliOSS of the Superior
Court yesterday rendered Judg
ment against the defendants, In
the action in equity instituted by
Mathias Johnson, restaurant keep
er, against the Hotel and Restaur
ant Employes 1 International Al
liance and the Bartenders' Inter
national League of America. The
effect of the decision is to enjoin
the labor unions from Interfering with
the business of employers.
In his complaint the plaintiff averred
that the defendants had entered
Into a conspiracy to coerce him Into
the subjection of- his- business to
ihe conti'cl of lire • defendants and
for that purpose threatened that unles?
he complied with their demands they
would declare a boycott against him,
would call out all cooks and waiters In
his employ and would permit no union
waiters or cooks to fill the vacancies. '
The threat of the unions was unheeded
and they moved to force compliance with,
their demands. Johnson filed suit In
which he prayed Judgment restraining the
defendant labor organizations from Inter
fering with the conduct of his business.
Bishop. Wheeler & Hoefler appeared for
the plaintiff. The defendants were repre
sented by Attorney H. W. Hutton. The
allegations of the plaintiff were supported
by affidavits. To some of these affidavits
denials were entered by the unions. Argu
ment on the law governing the issues in
volved was ordered by the. court and the
case was submitted.
Yesterday the judgment of the court
was filed, directing that an Injunction Is
sue, "pendente lite," "restraining the de
fendants, their servants, agents and em
ployes from persuading or inducing per
sons in the employ of the plaintiff to leave
his employ, from intimidating by threats,
express or implied, of violence or physi
cal harm to body or property, any person
or persons from entering into the employ
of the plaintiff or from dealing with or
patronizing him; from. preventing or at
tempting to prevent, by the use . of the
word 'unfair* or any other false or de
famatory word or words, statement or
statements, oral or written, any person
from entering into the employ of the
plaintiff or from dealing with or patron
izing him."
Judge SIoss* decision ordering. the Issu
ance of the injunction follows in full:
Charges of the Plaintiff.
The plaintiff above named having- filed a
complaint, the allegations of which will be
summarized hereafter, a Judge of this court
Issued an order on the defendants to chow
cause why an Injunction, pendente lite, should
not Issue as prayed in the complaint. - •
The motion for an Injunction Is based on the
verified complaint. The defendants, who have
appeared, who Include all upon whom the order
to show cause has been served, have filed affi
davits in opposition, and plaintiff has presented
reply affidavits.
The substance of the complaint may be stated
as follows: Plaintiff is the proprietor of two
restaurants in the city and county of Ban
Francisco. Some of the defendants are labor
unions or organizatibns, and others are officers
of or persons In sympathy with such organiza
tions. One of the defendant unions Is com
posed of cooks, waiters and bartenders em
ployed In hotels and restaurants. The defend
ants entered Into a conspiracy in order to
coerce plaintiff into the subjection of his busi
ness to the control of the defendants, and for
that purpose stated to him that unless he com
plied with the rules of the Cooks' and Waiters'
Alliance, Local No. 30 (one of the defendants),
they would declare a boycott against him and
would call out all cooks and waiters in his
employ and permit no union waiters or cook*
to enter, his employ. The defendants further
requested plaintiff to sign a certain agreement
with said Cooks' and Walters' Alliance Local
No. 30, providing In substance that plaintiff
I should employ none but members of said union,
that certain hours per day and days per week
should constitute the maximum of work to be
required of plaintiffs' employes and that a cer
tain scale of wages should be paid.
Unions Order the Strike.
Upon plaintiff's refusal to enter Into such
agreement the defendants requested the pa
trons of plaintiff not to deal with him, "falsely
and unlawfully declarins that plaintiff was an
enemy to labor and was unfair and kept unfair
clacM of business." The defendant*, further.
Continued on Page Two,
Continued on Page; Two.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.LABOR'S VIEWS
ON ASSOCIATION
OF EMPLOYERS
President, W. H. Goff; vice president, M.
Casey; recording and corresponding secretary,
Ed Roseriperg; assistant secretary, H» Galla
gher; financial secretary, P. H^Coyle; treas
urer, Jr A." Johnson; sergeant at arms, F. Jonn-
Trustees— Lu Berg, O&arles Schuppert, ;M.
Law and 1 legislative committee— James Bow-
Ian. J. K. Jones, W. Macarthur. Thomas
"Wright 'R. I. Wisler. : v ¦
Organizing committee— G. P., Aubertlne, TV.
Cohen. J. J. Cornyn. J. J. Callsh, A. Dljeau J.
J FoKarty. J. i P. Fltzslmmons, G. Gallagher,
j! Gallagher, A. Gill, O, D. Laughlln, I. Leas,
D McLennon, W. R. Noonan, Miss A. Pallesan.
G.' F. Poulson, Lizzie Ryan, M. Wille. T. E.
Z Executive commlttee-M. Casey, WW. Cot
fey I Less Thomas Wright, L. Wallensteln.
M. 'Wllle.
Secretary Wisler, who represents Ma
chinists' Union. No. 68, reported that mat
ters were "hanging fire," and that no con
ference had as yet taken ! place between
thellronworkers and their former em
ployers. President McCabe of the Iron
molders' Union and .. also of the Iron
Trades Council announced that there
would be a special meeting of the iron
molders at their headquarters at 10:30
o'clock this morning. /
Delegate May, from the Journeymen
Butchers' Union, reported that those who
had remained , with the organization
would endeavor to reorganize it thorough
ly and would do the best they could for
the present. -
From the City Front Federation came
the statement that the executive com
mittee had decided not to engage in any
sympathetic, strike until all peaceful
measures had been exhausted.
The law and legislative committee
called attention to an alleged Violation of
the franchise by the Market-street Rail
way Company in hauling loads of sand
and gravel over its various electric lines
for private, parties. The same committee
reported that the petition to Congress in
reference to the continuance and exten
sion of the Chinese exclusion act was now
ready for distribution.
Secretary Rosenberg on behalf of the
executive committee reported that while
the conditions at present confronting la
bor were very serious, and that many
unions were threatened with lockouts, the
unions did not propose to give up with
out a struggle. • •
"By Saturday or Monday, he continued,
"we will know.all about the situation. I
think special meetings of all unions
should be called as occasion demands. If
goods come to vour place of business
under police pn .ectlon, we do not want
you to handle them. The water front
unions are doing everything possible to
preserve the: peace."'
•Efforts will be made to ascertain
whether the police now employed are re
ceiving the $2 50 a day which the charter
requires for special work.
Resolutions declaring the action tne
Council will pursue were adopted and Ine
following officers elected:.
.Under the head of reports of unions, the
delegates from the Boxmakers' and Saw
yers' Union reported that their demands
had been, submitted' to the employers on
May 16, to go into effect as soon as they
were granted. They said they were sur
prised when the notices were posted In all
the mills on Thursday night and were in
a quandary to know what to do. It was
decided that the best thing to do was to
let the executive committee handle the
matter. The union will meet to-night .at
B'riai B'rith- Hall.
Although some of the more' ardent
trades union delegates in the San Fran
cisco Labor Council last night were in
favor of calling out every labor union in
the city, in- sympathy with those now
on "strike" or locked out, wiser councils
prevailed. It was decided finally to refer
the troubles 'of each organization to the
executive committee, • which will have
power to direct its affairs and endeavor
to arrange some sort of a settlement. ;
Conciliatory Policy Is
Favored for Present as
Means of' Settlement
LABOR COUNCIL
HEARS REPORTS
OF DELEGATES
Epworth Leaguers and Their Friends
Can go to Stockton Saturday. July 27th, attend
church . and. return Monday. $2.00 . for j the round
trip: ' -~ Santa Fe tralnB leave 7:20 a. m. 4:20 p.
m. andJp. m. - .. : . ¦ ',>'¦ . ' ¦" ¦;' v.
£lari<Jer, ( one form of defamation, is defined by
the C*vH Cod* (section 46) as "a false and un
privileged communication other than libel
which tends directly to injure (any person) In
respect to his office, profession, trade or busi
ness, either by Imputing to him general disqual
ification In those respects which -the office or
o»J>er occupation peculiarly require*., or by im
puting something with reference to his office
profession, trade or business that has a nat
ural tendency to lessen Its profit." Can It be
doubted that the statement that a man is "un
fair" and that he keeps an "unfair house"
tends' directly to injure him In his trade or
buKir.ess; that it not only Imputes to him die
qualification of one of the prime requisites of
any business, viz.. honesty, but that its natural
tendency ie to lessen the profit of hia business?
To Ray that a man Is unfair Is substan
tially to accuse him of dishonesty; to say
that he keeps an unfair house is equiva
aient to an assertion that patrons of his house
¦Bill be likely to encounter treatment that is
neither fair nor honest. (See Century Diction
ary, tit, "Unfair.") Tbe only justification at
tempted by defendants for the use of the word
Is that plaintiff paid his employes less and
worked them longer than. the defendants think
proper. But I see nothing in this to warrant
the conclusion that plaintiff' « conduct was
"unfair." The regulation of wages and condi
tions of labor is a matter of contract between
employer *»nd employed. As in other cases,
each party seeks to make the best terms pos
gible for himself. : ' '- ¦
it is no more "unfair" for an em-
Inder the Civil Code (Sec. 43> „.
*vell as under the common law
every person has the right of pro
tection from defumntion.
Again, I think it is an unlawful act for the
men engaged in this conflict with plaintiff to
u*e as one of their weapons the statement that
plaintiff is "unfair" and that he keeps an "un
fair house."
Unlawful to Say "Unfair."
Tben, as to the allegation that the men walk
ing up and down in front of plaintiff's restau
rants called out to the public in "loud and
threatening tones." Clearly, a request- not to
patronize plaintiff, if such request be^ uttered
in «ich manner as to imply a threat of violence
In the «vent of non-compliance, is an unlawful
act, giving rise to a cause of action ifdamage
result therefrom. ! It is true that the defendants
deny that any statements or requests were
made in aupht but a quiet and orderly manner
This issue of fact is difficult to determine oii
affidavits. Without determining It at this time
I think the proper course Is to restrain the de
fendants from inducing the public, by threats
express or Implied, not to patronize the plain
tiff, since the plaintiff will suffer more damage'
from a continuance of such methods If they
are permitted and used, than will the defend
ants from the restraint thereof, whether they
have been used or not.
Whatever may be said cf the right of a workv
man. acting Individually, or of a number of
workmen, acting in concert, to leave an em
ployment, and whatever may be the law in
other jurisdictions. I think there can be no
doubt that in this State the section above
quoted applies to the state of facts here pre
sented. The plaintiff and his employes bear the
relation known to the law as that of master
and 6ervant, and one who. though not himself
a servant of plaintiff. Induces his servants to
leave him, violates one of plaintiff's legal
rlehts.
That is an act which, under the law of thl*
State, is an actionable wrong. Section 49 of the
Civil Code of California crovides:
"The riK'Iitu of personal relation
forbid: • • • The abduction- or
enticement of r wife from her hus
band, of a child from a parent or
from a gruardlan entitled to its cus
tody, or of a- servant from his mas
ter."
Wrongs That Are Actionable.
Now, some of the acts alleged by the com
plaint to have been committed by the defend
ants are clearly unlawful in themselves. It Is
ecideat, also, xnat the acts complained of have
resulted in damage to the plaintiff, and that
their further continuance would cause him ad
ditional damage. The commission of such un
lawful acts should,- therefore, be enjoined.
What, then, are the things which are shown to
have been done, and which are, in themselves,
wrongful? In the first place it is alleged that
the defendants^ who do not appear to have been
in plaintiff's employ, induced persons, who were
In fcis em;'lo>. to leave It.
to induce workmen to leave the employ of their
xnasten, or to prevent others from entering such
ercplQj. or to prevent a trader's customers or
prospective customers from dealing with him.
In other Horde, the cue of means,
-£t>at are per fee unlawful, for the ac
cuxnplishment of auy purpose that
rrcnults in damage to one, {rives hint
a cause of action ap;ainst the person
or persons committing: the unlawful
act-
As the' court announces in.' the decision
above quoted that it is difficult to deter
mine the issue of facts on affidavits, and
In view of the fact that the defendant
labor unions deny that, they conducted
their boycott against the plaintiff or made
any statements or requests in. aught but
a quiet and orderly manner, Judge Sloss
ordered that. the injunction issue pending
further litigation. The case will now go
to trial on Issues of fact. If from the
evidence the court : determines thai the
defendants did conduct themselves as al
leged by the plaintiff . the injunction will
be made permanent, and .unless overen
thuslasm leads. organized labor to risk the
wrath of the trial court the cry "unfair"
will not again ring In the ears of the
plaintiff's patrons. ... .. ,
Court Will Hear Testimony;
An Injunction, pendente lite, will therefore
Issue upon plaintiff filing, an undertaking in
the sum of $1000, and such Injunction will re
strain the defendants who have appeared, their
agents, servants and employes, from persuad
ing or Inducing persons in the employ of plain
tiff to leave his employ, from intimidating,
by threats, express or Implied, of violence - or
physical harm to body or property, any per
son or persons from entering Into j the employ
of the plaintiff, or from dealing. with or pat
ronizing plaintiff: from preventing, or attempt-
Ing to prevent, by the use..of.the word _'.'un
fair" or any other false or . defamatory word
or words, statement or statements, oral : or
written, any person or persons from' entering
Into the employ of the plaintiff, or from deal-
Ing with or patronizing plaintiff. ~: ,.
Concerning these cases.^ and some others cited
by plaintiff, I can merely say that they are
not. In my opinion, reconcilable on principle
with the Mogul Steamship Co. case and other*
of like character, and that I believe the cr.ses
last referred to have been rightly decided.
See also Cumberland Glass Mfg.. Co. vs. Glass
Bottle Blowers' Assn. (N. J.), 46 Atl. Rep.;
258; Slnshelmer vs. U. G. W. of A.. 28 N. Y.
S., 321; Davis vs. Engineers. 61 N. T. S., ISO;
.Tallroan vs. Galllard. 57 N. Y. S., 419; National
Prot. Assn. vs. Cummlng, 65 N. Y. S., 946.
For the foregoing- reasons no Injunction will
be ordered except to restrain the acts which
have been hereinbefore designated as unlawful.
Cases Rightly Decided.
In that view . of the facts the case is not
opposed to the opinions here expressed. ' In
Vegelahn vs. Guntner, . 167 Mass., 92, It was
held that an Injunction ' should Issue against
a patrol of two men maintained in front of
plaintiff's place of business, although the pat
rol was dissociated from threats of phyical In
jury to person or property. Field, C. J., and
Holmes, J., dissented, the latter handing down
a very able opinion which has been heretofore
referred to. ....... . . .
The opinion is brief and regards
the banner as a "standing ¦ menace
to all who were or wished- to be in
the employment of the plaintiffs. :
A decision similar to the one last cited was
rendered In Barr vs. Essex Trades Council
(N. J.). 30 Atl. Rep., 881. j\
In Massachusetts there have been decisions
on the specific propositions of carrying ban
ners and "picketing." In Sherry vs. Perkins,
147 Mass., 212, It was held that the carrying
of banners requesting persona not to enter
plaintiff's employ should be enjoined.
Such, too, was In re Debs, 158 U. S., 564,
In which the court, speaking through Brewer.
J., says, p. 598: "The scope and purpose of
the bill was only 'to restrain forcible ob
structions of the highways along which Inter
state commerce travels and the malls are car
ried.' " Other cases In the Federal courts, how
ever, go so far as. to enjoin . the so-called
"teoycott," even though free from any violence
or acts which are In themselves violations of
law. See Casey vs. Cln. Typographical Union.
45 Fed. Rep., 135. In Hopkins vs. Oxley Stave
Co., S3 Fed. Rep., 912, the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit held that an
injunction was properly granted against a
combination to compel a manufacturer to dis
continue tne use of a certain machine by re
questing customers of plaintiff, members of
labor organizations and persons In sympathy
with them, not to"" purchase goods manufac
tured with each machine. The case, was de
cided by a jare majority, Caldwell, J., filing i.n
elaborate and vigorous dissenting opinion.
Debs Case Is Cited.
It ir uot to be denied- that there if a rtrong
line of authorities reaching a different con
clusion on the questions here discussed. A
number of cases In the Federal courts hold
that combinations of workmen for the purpose
of Injuring or stopping the business of a plain
tiff are illegal and should be enjoined. In many
of these cases the strike was accompanied by
circumstances of violence and Intimidation.
Such cases were Old Dominion S. S. Co. vs.
McKenna, 30 Fed. Rep., 48; Thomas vs. ¦ On.,
N. O. and T. P. Ry. Co., 62 Fed Rep., 803;
Consolidated Steel and Wire Co. vs. --Murray,
80 Fed. Rep., 811; U. S. vs. Sweeney, 95 Fed.
Rep., 434.
If it be true that worklngmen may combine
with a view, among other things, to getting
as much as they can fqr> thelfc*ilabor, just as
"capital may combine; with a -view to getting
the greatest possible return. It must be true
that when combined they have- the. eame lib
erty that combined capital has to support their
interests, by, argument, persuasion and the be
etowal or refusal of those, advanta^s ivhlch
they otherwise lawfully, control." .'¦•;.:••'•.•
One of the eternal conflicts out of
-which life is made up is that be
tween the effort of every man to
oret the most he can for his services
and that of society, disguised under
the name of capital, to set his ser
vices for the least possible return.
Combination on the one side is pat
ent and powerful. • Combination on
the other is the necessary and de
sirable counterpart, if the battle is
to be carried on in a fair and equal
•way.
The only question "to be determined here Is
whether or not defendants have a legal right
to do what they are doing; not whether their
acts, viewed on grounds of ethic or propriety,
meet our approval. The struggle going on be
tween plaintiff and defendants is an economic
one. which. In my view, the courts should not
undertake to settle unless one side or the other
resorts to acts which are unlawful. In that
event, those acts, and those only, should be
stopped. As Is said by Holmes, J., In his dis
senting opinion In Vegelahn vs. Gunter, 167
Mass. 92, at p. 108:
In each of these cases the result of the com
bination was to damage the plaintiff's business;
In each the motive of the defendants was to
bring about a result which. In their opinion,
would advance their own Interests. Is not that
what defendants have done here?
¦An Economic Struggle.
It is not for ship owners to form
an association, agreeing to give a rebate to all
shippers wiio-- deal only with members; to
threaten to discharge agents who act for com
peting ship ' owners, and to circulate a notice,
that the rebate will not be- allowed to persons
who deal with competing ship owners. • Mogul
Steamship Company vs. McGregor (1892) App.
Cas. 25; for retail lumber dealers to agree not
to deal with any manufacturer or wholesale
dealer who should sell lumber directly to con
sumers, Bonn ' Manufacturing Company vs.
Hollls, 54 Minn. 223; for wholesale butchers* to
agree that each, on the request of the other,
v.-ill refuse to sell merchandise to any butcher
Indebted to such other. Delz vs. Wlnfree, Tex.
25 S. W. 50; or for 'underwriters to form an as
sociation under an agreement providing for the
regulation of premium rates, the prevention of
rebates, compensation of agents, and non-inter
course with companies that were not members
cf the association. Continental Insurance Com
pany vs. Board of Fire Underwriters, 67 Fed.
Rep. 310.. . ;
How docs such case differ from a combina
tion of :worklngmen for the purpose of limiting
employment ia\ a certain business to them
selves? ¦ . % • ¦ • ' . ;
' The riK'lit of traders = to' combine
for the purpose of limiting trade in
a {riven branch to themselves, al
though rival traders .are thereby
damaged, is well recognized.
In this the defendants were merely seeking
to 'attain- the; object of all forms- of competi
tion, namely/ the obtaining of trade for them
selves to the ex&lusion of others. If they
could.- by. means' peaceful and' not unlawful In
themselves, .-induce restaurant keepers to hire
employes only.fromthe ranks of their union, th«>
advantage which ..they would have obtained
thereby is not; to my mind, any more unlawful
than'iis.the attempt to obtain higher wages or
shorter hours.. •. - . ¦¦
Unions Wanted All: the Work.
ing all the places in plaintiff's employ for mem
bers of the Cooks' and Waiters' .Alliance.
But, assuming that all acts done pursuant to
such combination are unlawful. If the com
bination has an unlawful purpose, what Is the
unlawful purpose here? It Is claimed that de
fendants conspired to "coerce plaintiff to sub
ject his business to defendant's control." The
precise result sought by defendants seems to
have been the signature by plaintiff of. the form
of •gr^ement proposed by the Cooks' and Wait
ers' Alliance. I am unable to see that there Is
anything unlawful In proposing this agreement
or endeavoring to have it entered into. In so
far as it affected the scale of wages, hours and
other conditions of labor, the employes had the
same right' to seek to obtain conditions satis
factory to them as the employer had to ' seek
to. employ them on conditions which might suit
him. So as to the other terms of the contract,
which were- Inserted for tHe purpose of secur-
But It 1" contended by plaintiff
that the addition of the element of
conspiracy raises a different ques
tion; that, although one man iniurht
lawfully do any of the things under
dlnciiHHlon, the combination of a
nnmb«r'of men to injure the. plain
tin* is an unlawful conspiracy, and
any acts done in pursuance of that
conspiracy are unlawful.
It may be doubted whethqr. as a matter of
law, a "combination of persons to do what any
one of them lawfully might do by himself will
make the otherwise lawful conduct unlaw
ful ." .-.
Holmes, J., In Vegelahn vs. Gunter, 167
Mas«. 92. 107.
While it does not follow from these examples
that motive Is immaterial in all cases, the
Supreme Court, -in -Boyson vs. Thorn, seems to
have gone to the length of saying that where
a man -has a right to do an act to the dam
age of another, the. fact that he was actuated
by malice or any other Improper motive can
not convert the lawful act into an unlawful
one.- Such too. Is the decision of the House
of Lords in the recent and much discussed En
glish case of Allen vs. Flood (1838); App. Cas. 1.
where", the defendant, a member of a union of
bollermakers. ¦ had secured the. discharge of
plaintiffs (shipwrights) by ' their employer by
representing to such employer that if the 1 plain
tiffs were not • discharged the bollermakera
would strike. • Held, that no action lay.
Motive Not Immaterial.
1 \o one ¦ would doubt that "n man
haVarlKht'to set-up a shop In a
p.mall village, which can support but
one of the kind, although he expects
and intends, to ruin a deserving:
widow who is established there al
ready t - he has a ripjht to build a
bonne upon his land In such a posi
tion as tospoil the view Irom-a far
more valuable house hard by." (8
Mary. Law Rev., 3.)
' The court excepts from the operation of this
rule cases of! personal service, heretofore al
luded to as covered by Civil Code, l sec. 4a. If
It be not actionable to. Induce A to break a
contract with B a fortiori it is not. actionable
to Induce A not to enter into a contract with
B. In Payne vs. Western and 'Atlantic R. R.
Co:, 13 I>ea '(Tenn:') 507, cited with approval In
Bovson vs. Thorn, the defendant railroad com
pany had maliciously, for the purpose of in
juring the plaintiff In his business, posted no
tices to the effect that any of Its employes
who traded .with plaintiff would be discharged.
This act was held to be within the- rights of
the defendant .and to give no cause of action
to plaintiff. Indeed, the principle that cei tain
acts may be "done, however . harmful they may
be to another and whatever the motive of the
doer, is -a : perfectly familiar one.
It was held that no action lay
against one- who, from -malicious
motives, but .without threats, vio
lence, falsehood or deception, in
duces another to violate, his con
tract with the plaintiff.
And there can be doubt that a man may,
for any proper motive (for example, trade com
petition) advise or request a ! prospective cus
tomer or employe of plaintiff not to enter into
business relations with him. The mere fact
that this advice, or request causes damage to
the plaintiff does not give him a right of ac
tion. -Is the question affected in any *ray by
the motive of the person giving the advice or
making the request? While there is a consid
erable divergence of authority on this point. I
think that, .under the decision of the Supreme
Court in Boyson vs. Thorn. 98 Cal. 578, the law
of this | Stale • must be held to answer this
question '. in ¦ the negative. In that case the
plaintiffs had been guests at the Palace Hotel
in this city, j The defendant had maliciously,
1. e., for the purpose of annoying- and injur
ing the plaintiffs. Induced the proprietor of
the hotel to eject them. '
Considers Bight of Action.
¦ Does the -fact that a defendant commits an
act otherwise lawful, with the Intent to Injure
the plaintiff in the conduct of his business,
render that act unlawful? Any Individual in
the city of San Francisco has a right to pat
ronize Mr. Johnson's restaurant or to refuse
to patronize it as he sees fit. If he decides
not to deal with the plaintiff the plaintiff has
no cause of action against him. It makes no
difference what his motive may be, whether It
be a desire to get cheaper food or a feeling
that he can get better food elsewhere, or a
dislike for the plaintiff, or a desire to injure
the plaintiff. Similarly, any man whom the
plaintiff may desire to employ as a waiter or
a cook has an absolute right j to refuse feuch
employment, be his reason for so doing a good
one or a bad one or no reason at all.
This consideration, however. Is covered by
the injunction which will be granted as here
inbefore stated. It is assumed, further, and
It Is obviously the fact, that' the placards or
banners carried by the "sandwich-men" con
tain no statement which Is not either true,
as a matter of fact, or a mere declaration of
opinion.
The question, then, resolves Itself into one
of requests, verbal or written, by the defend
ants to others not to enter Into business rela
tions n with plaintiff, whether as customers or
as employes. If such requests are unlawful.
It must be because they are made for an Im
proper purpose— viz., to Injure tha plaintiff or
to compel him to accede to certain demands—
or because a number of persons have combined
together to make them or because of the exis
tence of both elements— viz., improper motive
and combination. -
Unquestionably the business which
the plaintiff is conducting: is a law
ful and proper one. Unquestionably,
too, he has the rifrht to conduct that
iiusiness as he *e«s. fit. V '
(I do not overlook the fact that
threats may be made without the
use of menacing: words or a show
of force; that a deadly display of
weapons is not essential to intimi
dation.)
Intimidation Without Force.
This brings us to the more difficult question
In the case— whether, as contended by plain
tiff, the other acts alleged to have been com
mitted by defendants are wrongful and should
be enjoined, or whether, as defendants Insist,
they have an absolute legal right to perform
the acts In question. That Is to say. should
this court enjoin the defendants from, peace
ably and without violence, Intimidation or
false statements, requesting or persuading per
sons who might deal with plaintiff, not to deal
with him, or persons who might enter Into his
employ, not to accept employment from him;
rrom requesting other labor organizations to
prohibit their members from dealing with
plaintiff, and, more specifically, from "picket
ing" plaintiff's places of business with men
who request the public not to deal with plain
tiff; from causing "sandwich-men" to walk
up and down in front of plaintiff's restaurants
with placards, requesting the public not to
deal with plaintiff— all of these acts belr.g al
leged to be done in pursuance of a conspiracy
to coerce plaintiff, "to subject his business to
the control of the defendants" ?
It will be observed that all of the acts named
are, In themselves, peaceable and lawful; that
Is to say, they are acts which an Individual,
acting by himself under the Inducement of a
proper motive, might do. It Is assumed lhat
the ptcketera use no threats, no intimidation,
no misrepresentations.
The courts cannot undertake to regulate con
tracts of employment by saying that one scale
of wages and of hours of labor is" right and
another wrong or that one Is fair and another
unfair. In the absence of legislation, I do not
see how any terms that the parties may agree
upon can be denominated "unfair." The use
of this term by defendants and their agents
should, therefore, be enjoined.' '
¦With reference to the allegation that the
acts of defendants caused crowds to collect In
front of plaintiff's restaurants and blockade
his passageways, acts having this result are
unlawful and should. If there were any likeli
hood of their continuance, be enjoined. The
complaint and affidavits taken together, how
ever, lead me to believe that a recurrence of
the formation of such crowds is not to be
feared. - • ; . •
Courts Cannot Fix Wages.
plover to neck to hire • labor as
cheaply an he can than it is for the
employe to seek to »ell hw labor an
dearly as he can. ¦
h-i j]|E Injunction Trill not prevent dh from carrying ou the boy
fl cott and «inployina: pickets. It only prevents n» from doinar
fj something? we have not done aitd <lo not Intend to do,
• H namely, to use violence or unfair means to tell ocr friends
tbe difference between fair and unfair hoiiNc*. At thc.pres
ent time vre have no pickets *bn tlie street.. We' have, a method
Tt-hlch will i>e just a* effective. In. preventing; the pnbllc from cat-
Ins in unfair houses. There .arc no employes in the unfair houses
at the present time that we k want am members, so that we are not
nskiiiK any one to quit their" employers.— J. C. Lane, Pant Presi
dent Cooks' and Waiters* Alliance* ' - ' . • '
COOKS' AND WAITERS' ALLIANCE IS
UNDISTURBED BY THE DECISION
Continued From Page One.
COURT TAKES A HAND.
State Federation of Labor, representing the
trades unions of the State, which provided that
no court should Issue an injunction in any dis
pute between employer and employe restraining
a trades union or any other combination of In
dividuals from doing that which they would
have a perfect right to do If acting Individually.
The Legislature failed to pass that bill largely
because. as ai>p»ared from the expressions of
the Judlciarj' committees of both houses, there
was a lack -o/. evidence of any marked use of
the writ of injunction in this State. The de
cision of Jurige Sloss will serve at evidence to
a future Legislature of the necessity of -such a
measure. » To that extent it may be regarded
as perhaps a not unqualiaed evil.
Ded sion in Line With Policy Inaugu
rated by Judiciary Throughout
the Country.
William Macarthur, editor of the Coast
Seamen's Journal, said:
I t&lnk that Judge Sloss' decision Is In line
tvtth the recent policy inaugurated by the ju
.rflciary of the United States and respective
States to effect the abrogation of the right of
workingmen to organize tor the protection arid
advancemert of their industrial interests. As
to the precise details of the decision, I am nut
prepared to give an opinion, as I have not yet
had tin*« to read and study It carefully, but
as to its effect upon the cooks' and waiters' at
tempt to improve their condition I am Inclined
to tblnk that It will be very small either way,
tor the reason that there has crown out of the
experience of the workers in the matter of
government by Injunction a disposition to re
eard such decisions as In the light of the per
sonal opinion of the Judges rendering them
rather than as an exposition of law which the
¦workers are bound to respect. In other words,
• he workers do not believe that the courts in
Issuing injunctions are guided by any law, but
merely by inclination. It may be to some ex
tent by pressure of their surroundings to fur
ther the interests of the employing classes, par
ticularly when the injunction Is the only means
available for that purpose.
At the last session of the Legislature a bill
EDITOR MACABTHUR'S VIEWS.
Leaders in the labor struggle freely ex
pressed last night their views of Judge
Sloss" decision.
Ed Rosenberg, secretary of the San
Francisco Labor Council, gave the follow
ing opinion:
As I understand It, th« injunction Issued by
Judg-e Kioss does not restrain the parties en
joined from anything they have been doing, ex
orpUng the u*e of the word "unfair." W'n have
bj- Ued and under Injunction can continue to
ask the j»eople of this city who sympathize
with tne struggle of the cooks and waiters for
one day's reel in seven and ft shorter workday
uot to patronize Johnsons restaurant because
he opposes th* improvement of the cooks' and
waiters' condition. We can place pickets in
front of Johnson's place to inform the public
of this state of affairs. As to the order re
straining us from persuading or inducing per
sons in the employ of plaintiff to leave his em
ploy, that does not <?nter into our acU as far
as Johnson's employes are concerned.
As to the right to ask an employe to quit the
employment of his employer, Judge Sloss. in my
opinion, feas driven a wrong decision and no
doubt mill either dissolve that part, or. If ne
cessary, the case will be carried to a higher
court. S..cticn « of the Civil Code, prohibiting
the abdu :t!on or enticement of a .servant from
his master, certainly never was meant to apply
to industital or mercantile calling, only to the
relation of. say, a house servant to hla em
ployer. And even as thus applied the law Is
a relic or' slavery times, and no doubt has been
copied into California statutes by mistake. Jf
ever enforced, t*iis part of the section would
Ions ago bare been repealed. It certainly Is
opposed to all our practice and "thought to send
a person to /ail for aski&g another person to
quit the env,k)y of his employer, eKher to go
to work for; the party making: this request or to
quit for any other reason made apparent to
the employe.
Prominent Union Men
Give Ideas on Sloss 5
Decision in the Case
LABOR LEADERS
EXPRESS VIEWS
AS TO EFFECTS
When a man offers you something for
nothing it will pay you to walk around it
by the farthest possible route. .
More strikes at the present time are not
desired by the Labor Council, and J. D.
Pierce of the American Federation of -La
bor and the executive committee of the
Labor Council were on hand last night to
dissuade the Porters, Packers and Ware
housemen from taking immediate action.
The members of the executive committee
and Mr. Pierce made strong pleas for the
deferment of action until after the peace
committees have an opportunity to act to
day. Any delay was exceedingly disap
pointing to the majority of the associa
tion, and many of the members made
strong appeals against it. . A resolution,
fcowever, was finally passed putting off
action until Sunday afternoon, when a re
port will be received from the City Front
Federation as to the advisability of a Joint
strike. The resolution carried with it the
proviso that if before Sunday afternoon
conditions had not been bettered the Por
ters, Packers and Warehousemen should
prepare to go on a strike Monday morn
ing. . i.-A'f
The meeting which was held last night
was called for the purpose of considering
the best policy to pursue in the cases of
merchants who have discharged their
men for refusing to do scab work or
work which was prohibited- to them by
their union rules. The men met with the
purpose of declaring for an Immediate
strike. They feared that if action was
longer delayed the merchants would dis
charge every union man In their employ,
as it has been generally reported that the
merchants intend to take ; such steps.
Their action for the past few days cer
tainly give weight to such Inference.
Upon the developments of the situation
within the next twenty-four hours de
pends the question whether the Porters',
Packers' and Warehousemen's Associa
tion, with its aggregate membership of
2200 men, will go out. The men are all
prepared and in some cases are even anx
ious to go out. At a special meeting held
last night at California Hall, on Bush
street, the leaders of the Labor Council
restrained them with difficulty from de
claring an immediate strike. At the most,
action was only postponed until Sunday
afternoon, when a second special meeting
will be held. If -before that time the
peace committees and conferences have
not accomplished something- toward the
settlement of the labor troubles a strike
Is certain.
non-union so long as they did their work
properly.
The unrest and unnatural tension which
has existed among the porters and pack
ers since the Inception of the teamsters
strike was greatly increased yesterday
morning, when it was learned that the
Standard Oil Company had discharged
twenty-two of their warehouse men for
refusirg to load and unload trucks driven
by clerks who had replaced the striking
teamsters. One of the wagons which they
were required to load was driven by a
"scab." The feeling of unrest and dis
satisfaction was intensified when it was
ascertained later in the day that the Fed
eral Salt Company had discharged four
men for refusing to load a boat at the
Hathaway wharf in conjunction with
"scab" stevedores. There was a general
walk-out on the schooner, and the vessel
is now tied up at the wharf with half of
the load of salt still on board.
In all but one of the fifteen beer bottling
establishments' of this city notices were
posted during the day informing the men
under what conditions they would hi fu-*
ture be required to work. ' The' notices
came as a surprise to .the men, as but a
few days ago new contracts based on the
recently made demands were signed. The
notices read as follows: .
;¦-' '"/ ". PACIFIC COAST BEER BOTTLERS'
."•';¦•• PROTECTIVE ASSOCIATION,
¦ ' • • SAN FRANCISCO. July 28; 190L
'NOTICE TO EMFLOYES^-All union employes
will please come Into office this (Friday) even
ing to be paid off in full, as we have decided
to dispense with their services. , .. <
¦From this day forward we Intend to operate
our own business and operate It under the fol
lowing conditions: . .' ' " ' . '¦-.- ---
First— We will recognize no representative or
walking delegate or official of any labor union.
If. our men have any grievance we will adjust
the same with them as individuals, but not as
an organized body. . - ¦ ¦ • • •- -
Second— We will aubmlt.to.no more dictation
but Must Forsake Union.
Can Work at Ruling Rates of Wages,
BEER BOTTLERS NOTIFIED.
Probable Demands of Workmen. .
The army of strikers and unemployed
was greatly swelled yesterday morning,
when five of the principal box factories of
the city closed their doors. This action
on the part of the factories was occa
sioned by the teamsters refusing to haul
the goods which' were made by the facto
ries. In. all about 500 .men were thrown
out of "employment.
When the managers of the box factories
found that they could not ship their goods
nor haul lumber from the wharves nor
the mills except under police protection
they held a meeting- and decided to close
down until the adjustment of the present
difficulties. The following mills are in
volved: Hobbs, Wall & Co., Commercial
Box Fictory, Pacific Box Factory, Ameri
can Box Factory and the National Box
Factory. :¦¦;--; . .
Of the men who have been thrown out
of employment 480 of them belong to the
Box Nailers'- and Sawyers' Union. I '
When the fruit merchants and cannery
managers learned that the box factories
had closed their doors they were greatly
exercised. They recognize that within a
very few. days they will have to close
their stores an3 canneries if they are not
able to secure boxes. ,The loss to the 500
men who were deprived of their positions
will be slight in comparison to the dam
age that will be done to the commission
merchants of this city and the fruit grow
ers of the surrounding country. Already
it has been estimated that thousands of
dollars' worth of fruit has been diverted
to other markets because of the team
sters' strike.
BOXMAKERS LOCKED OUT.
Manufacturers Hasten to Anticipate
On the third proposition, where the court re
strains as follows: "From preventing or at
tempting to pitevent, by the use of the word
unfair or any other false or defamatory word
or words, statement or statements, oral or
written, any person or person from entering
Into the employ of the plaintiff, or from dealing
with or patronizing plaintiff"— I am convinced
that the court had no right to Issue an injunc
tion restraining you from using the word un
fair, or any other word, but the court has
done so In this case, and It simply means that
in your ilan of action against Mr. Johnson in
the future you must refrain from using the
word "unfair," or any other false or defama
tory statement against him, so long as the in
junction reinains
With that exception, I fall to see anything In
the Injunction to prevent you from proceeding,
in so far as Mr. Johnson Is concerned, as you
have been doing from the early part of May
of the present year.
The court In Its opinion distinctively gave to
the labor organizations the right that has Been
denied to them by almost all courts In the East,
namely: The Judge recognizes the right of a
labor organization to persuade a person from
patronizing a third, maliciously or otherwise,
even provided it led to the breaking up of the
employer's business. The only thing that the
court has restrained In this case Is what It sees
fit to term "unlawful means," but as long as
lawful means are used the right is recognized
in the opinion. Tours very truly,
• H. W. HUTTON.
. ."... ; . V. ... Decision. .......
The following communications were
written by H. W. Hutton,- attorney for the
Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance: . .' ,
- ' SAN FRANCISCO. July 2«. 1901.
Ed Rosenberg Esq.— My Dear Sir: Inclos«d
you will find copy of a letter I sent to tie
Cooks' and Walters' Alliance. The Injunction
rendered by Judge Sloss this morning is very
mild compared with the injunctions issued in
the Eastern ¦ States. • ¦ -.. ' . , • .
I am convinced that he had no riMt to
Issue an Injunction to stop any one from using
the word "unfair." That Is an expression ot
an opinion, and I have the right to express
my opinion about any one. That Is dangerous
as it stands, but it is not near as dangerous
as the Injunctions that, were Issued by Juage
Sanderson and another by Judse Gart * r *"
the breweries and bakers' strikes of some years
ai The first part of the injunction is 'based upon
the following section of the Civil Code, section
49, subdivision 2, which, reads: .... ty , a
"The rlffhts or • personal relation • forbid tne
abduction or- enticement of a wife from ner
husband, of a child from a parent or from a
guardian entitled to its custody, or of a
servant from his master.". .
The Supreme Court has held that thereis no
distinction - between the word "¦arvant and
the word "employe." and I suppose that Judge
Sloss thought that there "was sufficient au-.
thority to warrant him in issuing the injunc
tion as it now stands. ".
On the other part about threats, etc.. that is
somewhat in line with the Eastern Injunctions,
but a« the cooks and waiters never used an>
threats, I fall to;«ee how It in any way affects
or how It will In any way prevent them from
pursuing the course that they have previously
pursued aeainst Johnsoj*,' except merely * n
the use of the word "unfair." .
I would suggest one thing; that is it mlgnt
be well to ftnd out how the Supreme Court of
this State stands upon the proposition. This
injunction can be appealed from. There -u
nothing to ston an appeal being taken torth
with and having the matter authoritatively
decided. In the meantime the cooks and wait
ers can proceed as they have always done ;
leaving out the use of the word "unfair.
Yours very truly. ¦ H. W. HUTOON.
P. S.— I will add that I am convinced that on
the comnlalnt as It stands and the affidavits
proposed thereto no Injunction should have
been Issued at all. but aa far as the present
case goes, to wit, as it does not affect the
Cooks' »nd Walters' Alliance except In the u<?«
of the word "unfair," I am glad It is no
worse.- Tours very truly. HUTTO K.
SAN FRANCISCO, July 26, 1901.
Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance No. 30—Gentle
men: In the case of Johnson vs. yourself and
others Judge Vgioss this morning rendered an
opinion, as follows: '
"An injunction pendente lite will therefore
issue upon plaintiff filing an undertaking In tne
sum of $1000, and such Injunction will restrain
the" defendants who have appeared, tneir
agents, servants and employes from persuading
or Inducing persons in the employ of plaintiff
to leave- his employ, from Intimidating t>y
threats, express or Implied, of violence or phys
ical harm to body or property, any person or
persons from entering Into the employ of the
plaintiff or. from dealing with or patronizing
plaintiff, from preventing or attempting to pre
vent by the use. of the word unfair or any
other false or defamatory word or words, state
ment or statements, oral or written, any per
son or persons from entering Into the employ
of the plaintiff or from dealing with or patron
izing plaintiff." „ _.-»."¦
While I ani of the opinion that a.' court nas
no right to restrain a third' party from peace
ably asking the employes of another to quit,
still it does not affect you, as you have not
been doing that, and never desired to do that.
On the second proposition the court restrains
you as follows: "From Intimidating by
threats, express or Implied, of violence or phys
ical harm, to body or property, any person or
persons, from entering Into the employ of the
plaintiff, or from dealing with or patronizing
plaintiff"— that Is a thing you never have done,
or never claimed to do, consequently that part
of It does not affect you In any way.
Waiters' Alliance . Purport of
Attorney Hutton Tells Cooks' and
INSTRUCTS HIS CLIENTS.
as to whom we shall employ or who we shall
not employ, and how we shall run our busl
n Any of our employes who desire to come to
work tomorrow morning at the same wages
and terms at present existing may do so, tout
with the distinct understanding that we . a , r V u ""
nlng our own business, and recognizing no
more labor unions. . .••'-- .
About one hundred men are affected by
this order. The beer bottling establish
ments are separate from the breweries ex
cept in one instance, and in this place no
notice was posted. This establishment em
ploys about twenty-five men. A meeting
of the" executive council of the Brewery
Workmen's Union was held last night,
and it was decided that all the men should
return to work In the morning. II tney
were asked whether they were union men
they were instructed to answer in the al
firmative. If they were asked further to
obey the instructions contained in the
circular letter of their employers they
were instructed to refuse employment un
der any other conditions than those em
bodied in the agreement signed last week.
This movement is said to foreshadow a
similar movement on the part of the other
branches of the brewery business, and In
dicates the course that will be pursued. It
is expected that the notices to the other
branches of the trade will be posted as
soon as the effect on the beer bottlers Is
ascertained.
Draymen's Association Offers Bonus.
The Draymen's Association Is making
determined efforts to defeat the strike and
to Improve the business conditions during
Its existence. The association is willing
to offer teamsters $4 a day, with a bonus
of $1 for any teamster who will go to
work and remain with his employer until
the final settlement- of. the trouble. A cir
cular which Is signed by George. Kenner,
manager of the Draymen's Association, Is
being sent to all the members of the asso
ciation. It *read3 as follows: ¦•- ';
The Draymen's Association has -arranged to
have, at room 5, K» California street, a team
sters' Independent employment bureau, where
all applicants for positions as drivers will be
registered, and where members- of this asso
ciation may apply for such help' as they need.
Please send to the above bureau at once
the names of all drivers at present employed,
and state which days they have worked, com
mencing Monday, July 22.
Also send to the eame office, each day. a
report of new drivers employed, giving names,
and also the names of such as have quit.
Correct attention to the above Is necessary,
to keep account of the bonus to be paid to all
drivers commencing with Monday, July 22.
During the present difficulty, and until fur
ther notice, the wagea for drivers of trucks
and large wagons shall be $4 per day, with
the bonus of Jl per day for those who stay
through the entire trouble. Small wagons,
the same schedule of wages as prior to strike,
with the same bonus. It must be made clear
to each driver that, as soon as the trouble is
over, the wages will be the same as in the
past. The members of this association will
receive a refund from the Employers' Associa
tion, through me. of the *1 bonus and the Jl
paid in excess of regular wages.
The drivers' names must have been registered
in the employment bureau and -reports made
regularly of their employment.-
As soon as you have an opportunity, please
call at the above office address and consult
with the manager there regarding employment
of men. GEORGE RENNER,
Manager Draymen's Association.
POLICE USE THEIR CLUBS OH CROWDS
Continued From Page One.
w inOGK SLOSS' decision is a. tlsappolntnient to me. So tar a»
B I have seen of. it I am led to tlie conclusion that it is only
1 what the vrorkingman receives all the time. While the court
%^ may have rendered his decision according to law, he has
done the laboring classes an injustice. He taUes away our
only means of securing: 'our fair demands. I can' see only «?»»«
course open for u« in- the future, and that is the. ballot. The
workingnian mnst therefore be on his guard and. use vote for
the best Interests of labor.. That is all I have to say in the mat
ter at this time. -President William McCabe of the Iron Trades
' Council.- ¦ ' - ¦•• -. " '¦- * ;• •;•?.;'; "..¦.• *:"J ..."
PRESIDENT McCABE ADVISES THE
WORKINGMEN TO USE THE BALLOT
"Contentment abides , with truth,", says
the old axiom, but few men are in a posi
tion to vouch for the truth of it -'•; "•"->*•: r. r
r.vi'n - ¦« - ¦¦ ¦ . - .. ¦ ¦ . . .¦•:..: -'
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
-The only route having through \ sleeping
car. service between San Francisco and' St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs • allowed at Salt
Lake City. > For full Information ask I*
M. Fletcher; 126 California street. ; ,-;• v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUI/T 2T. 1901.
All day yesterday the police officers in
the business districts, about the wharves,
the railroad sheds and the southern por
tion of the city where'the majority of the
stables of the leading draying firms are
located had a busy time of It. Mounted
on horses, riding on express wagons,
drays and trucks, with riot clubs plainly
in view, they spent the day in protecting
property in transit or dispersing gather
ing crowds. ¦
One of the favorite tricks of the locked
out teamsters or their sympathizers Is to
unscrew the nuts of wagons ajid drays.
In many instances wheels dropped off
at the most inopportune time. At Fourth
and Harrison streets early yesterday
morning an accident of this kind occur
red. A police officer was on the seat and
was nearly thrown into the street. As
the street cars were stopped a grea..
crowd gathered and in a few minutes the
street was crowded with people. It was
not until additional reinforcements were
received that tarfflc could be resumed.
Later in the day similar .accidents oc
curred at Fifth and Bryant. Sixth "and
Bluxome streets and many other points.
About 5 o'clock, while one of the Stet
son-Renner Draying Company's teams
was returning to the barn on Fifth street,
near Harrison, just as it was turning out
of the track to go in the hind wheel came
off. A large crowd was gathered along
the sidewalk and Sergeant Bush charged
them single ha#ded. With his club swing
ing without regard to age or sex. he
struck one woman a glancing blow on the
shoulder. She fell to the ground, but wai
picked up by some companions and hur
ried away. Any one who refused to move
on felt the force of a police officer's club.
Mounted officers rode down the side
walk, scattering every crowd that col
lected. The same plan was pursued on
other streets where the teamsters, have
been in the habit of congregating. No
one was allowed to stand about the cor
ners of any of the streets. Captain Witt
man sent a large force of officers Into
the district and will have all his force on
hand to-day. - _ .
Paul Caraffa, a helper for James Kossi
ter & Co., draymen, was assaulted by
striking teamsters last evening at Rlncon.
and Harrison streets and rendered uncon
scious. - ,. - ¦
Harry Rossiter was driving one of the
trucks under police protection and
Caraffa was on the vehicle. At First and
Bryant streets the pole of the truck broke
and Rossiter sent Caraffa with a pair of
the horses to the stables. A crowd of
striking teamsters followed Caraffa and
made an attack upon him. He was bru
tally beaten and left unconscious m the
middle of the car track and narrowly es
caped being run over by an electric car.
The traces of the horses In Caraffa's
charge were cut and the animals gal
loped along the street until caught by a
Chinese.
Caraffa will swear to a complaint to-day
and ask the police to arrest the men who
assaulted him.
Three of the many men who wer a
clubbed and beaten by policemen and
strikers were treated at the Emergency
Hospital last night. Adolph Thller, a
cabinet maker who lives at 23 Bruce place,
became mixed up In a crowd at Fifth and
Bryant streets and felt the weight of the
policeman's club on his cranium. He was
taken to the hospital and treated.
R. Bishop and J. E. Estes also suffered.
The former allowed his curiosity to get
the better of him and as he failed to move
fast enough received a blow on the head
to accelerate his speed. He does ' not
blame the officer who struck the blow.
Estes' is one of the men imported from
Los Angeles. He was in the vicinity of
Ellis and Mason streets and a striker
came behind him and pummeled him for
being a * : scab."
John H. Stiles, a striking teamster, was
arrested yesterday afternoon by Police
men Smith and Hooper and booked at the
City Prison on charges of malicious mis
chief and disturbing the peace. He broke
a window in a grocery at Third and Bry
ant streets and raised a disturbance by
abusing a teamster who was driving the
team he formerly handled. He tried to
escape, but was pursued and captured by
the two officers. •
The Police Use Their
Clubs Freely, and Non-
Union Men Are Beaten
ACCIDENTS
PLENTIFUL IN
STRIKE REGION
THE STRIKE SITUATION BECOMES MORE COMPLEX
Whereas, Oreanized labor of San
Francisco and vicinity now finds It-'
self menaced from every quarter by a
secret body known as the Employers
Association with the purpose of de
stroying the trades unions, thus- deny
ing the members thereof the right to
combine for their own protection and
the advancement of the industrial in
terests of the community, and
Whereas, The trades unions have now
and at all times in the past exerted
every possible means to insure amicable
relations between employer and employe
and in event of dispute to bring about
a restoration of harmony by confer
ence, conciliation and concession, and
"Whereas, The Employers' Association
has persistently rejected these steps and
now seems determined to pursue its pol
icy of strife ; and destruction in wan
ton defiance not only of the*undenlable
right of the workers to form and main
tain their organization, but also of the
public peace and well-being, and
Whereas, The dangerous and unlaw
ful motives of the Employers' Associa
tion Is proved by Its action In forcing
by threats of retaliation and ruin em
ployers who are well-disposed toward
their employes to make unjust and Im
practicable demands upon the latter
with the deliberate purpose of creating
a rupture between the parties; therefore
Resolved, That the San Francisco
Labor Council declares the Employers'
Association to be, a menace to the peace
and prosperity of the community; and
be' it further ¦¦¦:•¦¦
'.' Resolved, That until said Employers'
Association makes - formal declaration
of Its purpose and official personnel' It
should be regarded as having no legal
or moral right to exist and as having
no claim to recognition or support from
any source, public or private; and fur
ther ¦ ¦¦-'¦"
Resolved, That the San Francisco
Labor Council pledges itself and urges
a like declaration by each of its con
stituent bodies to stand firm to the
principles ui>on which we are organ
ized, the first of which is the right of
workers In all callings to combine for
mutual help as individuals and as or
ganizations; and further » .
i Resolved, That we reaffirm our po
sition as favorlns the adjust
ment, of all existing conflicts
by meana of - conference between the
parties Involved " or their ; representa
tives, and we call upon the press and
public to bear witness, that falling the
actpilescence ln thls D ro P osal D y • the
employers- concerned- the responsibility
for the continuance or ezoanalon of
the present strikes, lockouts .and
boycotts must be laid upon that
party which has proved itself .un
approachable to * reason and unamen
able to the appeal of common human
ity.—Resolution" adopted last night by
the; San Francisco Labor Council.
2
You may call It eczema, tetter % or miUr
crast.
But no matter what you call it, this skin
disease which comes in patches that barn,
Itch, discharge a watery matter, dry 'and
scale, owes its existence. to the presence of
humors in tbe system.
It will continue to exist, annoy, and per-
haps agonize, aa long as these humors
remain. «
It is always radically and permanently
cured by
Hood's Sarsaparilla
which expels all humors, and Is positively
unequalled tor ai 1 cutaneous eruptions. ,
Salt Rheum
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•
Pretty boxes and odors
are used - to • sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap* that depends on
something outside of ¦ Itl • '
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or ;
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the, box. : '
All sorts of stores sell it, especially .
druggists; all sorts of people arc
DR.METERS&CO.
Specialist. Disease j|^f|rp^
and weakness of *§j^£0 j^
men. Established JU^9» Vi*«f
1S81. . Consultation Tfyjf &t
and private book VT*«. "^ 'I
free, at office or by ¦ /^^^sj
mail. Cures guar- lm''ri|^i)
an teed. 7.T1 Mar- Mjl*^^^?
ket street (eleva- >fv "*?»^ V^# ,
tor entrance), San
EB E£9h a YwBHBt ¦§ «— S3 62l ta
gHB CHICMMTEH'S ENGLISH
Penhyrqy&l pills
¦ .-^"V Orlalnal ftnd Only Genuine.
AtflJ^Hs* ** CHICHESTER"S kS'GLISII
ir ti *}& i &%3\ la 11EI> ma.l Gold me:»ajo twxu MtSed
la S?l/i3:? aiUliern>boIU Take ¦• other. Kcfu»«
W %4 S$ I>a*ceroas Sufutltutloa. and Iralu.
I Li Cr*** 1 "* £"' •' 7°« »™«1«. or •rod 4«. la
VV. V »»<» "Relief rurLsdlea.'fctfetMr, by r*.
-AJ.jV.-A' • tmMaU. 10,n«M»T«»timoQ;»;». sniHl)LONDON. July 26.— King Edward pre-
XING EBWASD GIVES
,:¦'¦. MEDAXS TO SOLDIEES
SOUTHAMPTON. July 26.— General
Baden-Pcwell arrived here this af
ternoon and was formally wel
comed by the Mayor and civil
authorities. He boarded a train
for London, amid a scene of intense en
thusiasm.
LONDON, July 26.— Instead of coming
on to London General Baden-Powell de
trained at Woklng to visit Captain Mc-
Laren, who served with him In India and
at Mai eking. Woklng was the scene of a
preat demonstration with bands, bonfires
and decorations. The members of the
lire brigade detached the horses from the
carriage and hauled the hero to Captain
McLaren's residence.
BERLIN, July 26.— The official North
German Gazette announces that on the
death of Mrs. Kruger, July 20, Count von
Bulow, the Imperial Chancellor, conveyed
his cordial sympathy to ''President Kru
ger" through the German Minister at The
Hague. »
To this message Mr. Kruger replied, ex
pressing his hearty thanks, through Dr.
L«yds, representative of the Boer repub
lics.
SUPPORTERS OF SCHLEY PROTEST
Continued, from Page One.
era. *
- Acting Governor Cooper- has signed both
of the appropriation bills passed by the
Legislature, vetoing only one item, and
has issued a proclamation continuing the
special session for fourteen days longer,
to pass other appropriations which he
deems necessary. The continuance is very
distasteful to the Home Rulers, who want
a general extra session. ~
.,In both House and Senate this morning
motions were carried to table the mat
ters submitted by the executive, and a
motion to notify the Senate th»t the
House was ready to adjourn sine die was
carried In the House.
The acting Governor in his message
asked for the passage of a loan bill and
also for a bill to' appropriate money for
the payment of unpaid bills amounting to
about $90,000. A majority of the Homo
Rule members are opposed to taking any
action at all. as It is thought that if
nothing is done now the executive will
be compelled to call a general extra ses
sion within a few months. Then the leg
islators will be free to act on the county
government bill and other measures
which they failed to get through in the
regular session.
Cooper's veto was of an appropriation
of $20,000 for a site for a. hospital for in
curables In Honolulu. He vetoed the Item
on the ground that the appropriation was
illegally made. Both houses concurred in
the veto. The session may come to an
end to-morrow morning.
• HONOLULU, July. 19.-Scientists' here
are observing an extraordinary, phenome
non in the excessive high tides, . heavy
surf and rise in the mean sea level. The
mean sea level Is said t6 have risen half
a foot during the past week. Considera
ble changes have been observed along the
shore near Honolulu. Professor C. J.
Lyons, the Government, meteorologist,
says a rise in the mean sea* level may
have been due to the unusually low ba
rometer v In this part of the ocean. The
June full moon tides are always higher
than usual, but the rise in the mean level
of the sea is. unusual, and has. somewhat
worried some of the beach property 'own-
Efforts Being Made by Law
makers to Have Extra
Session.
Rise in Sea Level Causes
Interesting Specu
lation: ;
QUEER TIDES
ALARM HAWAII
DEFENDANT IN FAMOUS MASI
.SACHUSETTS MURDER CASE
WHO WAS ACQUITTED YES
TERDAY.
ITHGiLISH TEAVELEB
LOSES TTTR REASOET
SAN BERNARDINO, July 26.— F. R.
Sargent, a middle-aged and well-dressed
man from London, became insane at
Xeedles last night and almost created a
panic among the passengers on the west
bound Santa Fe overland train. He was
taken in charge by train men and upon
arrival here was turned over to Sheriff
Rouse. His hallucination Is that his wife
and five children have met violent deaths
since he left them three weeks ago. He
Is in poor health, and the generally ac
cepted theory is that the extreme heat ex
perienced in passing* through the Middle
States affected his mind.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., July 26.— Word
has reached Great Falls of the assassina
tion of James Winters of the firm of Gill
& Winters at the firm's ranch near Lan
dusky yesterday morning. It Is thought
that "Kid" Curry, the notorious train
robber and bandit, killed Winters. Intense
excitement prevails over the matter, and
a posse is being organized to go in pur
suit of the murderer.
James Winters shot and killed John
Curry near Landusky about five years
ago, and since that time frequent threats
have been made by the Curry gang that
they would kill Winters at the first op
portunity.
Montana Man Is Shot Down and His
Friends Are Pursuing' the
Murderer.
¦WASHINGTON, July 26.— The foUowlngr
pensions were granted to-day: California:
Original— George "W. Maunsell. Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $8; John Curly, Vet
erans' Home. Napa, $6. Increase— Joseph
W. Stlnson, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$10; Peter Phillips, Forestvule, $17; Georgra
T. "Ward, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles.
$12. Widow— Marlon Shelling; Alhambra. $8.
Oregon: Increase— George M. 'Irwln,
Portland, JS.
Washington: Original— Alexander Til
ton, Tacoma, $6; James McMillan. Port
Townsend, J6. Additional— Edward Wheel
er, Buckley, $12. Increase— Francis AL
Knowles, Kelso, $10.
The Postofflce Department to-day Issued
the following: Postmasters: California-
Elk Creek, Glenn, J. Knight; Jordan.
Mono, E. A. Benedict; Ono, Shasta, A. W.
Baker; Westley, Stanislaus, W. G. Carey.
Oregon— Bridge, Coos, A. L. Nosier;
Canyonvflle, Douglass, J. B. Ford; Perry
dale, Polk, L. A. Elliott; Slletz, Lincoln.
R. P. McArthur; Splcer, Linn County, G.
Sowers. .
?
B AUDIT ' 13 SUSPECTED
OPM ASSASSISTATIOIT
Pensions Granted to Western. Appli
cants and Changes Made by-
Postal Authorities.
OF lUTKlLESrC TO PEOPLE
OF THIS PACIFIC COAST
SALT LAKE, July 21— A section sev
enty-five miles wide through the Nevada
desert, from Dseth as far west as Carlln.
experienced a series of heavy earthquake
shocks about 2:20 o'clock this afternoon.
The vibrations generally -were from north
to south, and At one or two points lasted
for five seconds. So far as learned no se
rious damage was done, though 'the force
of the shock was great enough to shake
dishes from shelves. The extent of the
earthquake north and south is not known.
At Elko, Nev., the shock was unusually
severe. The High School, a big new brick
edifice, was badly cracked by the violence
of the vibrations, and other buildings
were badly damaged.
The earthquake at this point was preced
ed and followed by rather remarkable
meteorological phenomena. For some
time preceding the shock the air was per
fectly still, while the heat was extremely
oppressive. A few minutes after the
shock, however, a violent wind and rain
storm, accompanied by heavy thunder
and lightning, burst over the city, the
'rain continuing for several hours.
At Deeth, Nev., goods were shaken from
the shelves of the stores. The shock was
not felt fifty miles north of Elko.
Shook Is Felt in Small Cities
and Crockery Is
Broken.
Disturbance in Nevada
Desert Causes Much
Damage.
WALLS CRACKED
BY EARTHQUAKE
When District Attorney Hammond, who
has been the prosecuting, officer in the
trial, was asked to make a statement he
said that he thought it would be improper
for him to say anything at this time, ex
cept that from the evidence submitted the
court was fully justified in taklnr the
case from the jury. He thought, however,
that the Chief of Police -was fully war
ranted In making- the investigation that
he did.
Wiiile Judge- Stevens was speaking to
the jury the members of the Fosburg
family, realizing what his remarks meant
to them, burst into tears, while the de
fendant sat with buried head, the tears
coursing down his cheeks. The wife of
the defendant was the only member of the
family not in the courtroom, and it was
said that she at the hotel be
cause of Illness.
i-- *-
foreman called them together in hi& pri
vate room and for the first time there was
a conference'- as to what the Jurors be
lieved. Without exception they declared
that they would have returned a verdict
of not guilty within* fifteen - minutes,
even had they «ot been instructed by
the court. They facknowledged that they
would have 1 said no attention to the ex
hibits in the case.
took place here," says a dispatch to the
DallvMail from Perth, Western Austra
lia, during the open air reception to the
Duke and Duchess of Cornwall. "Every
one was startled by a loud report close to
the Duke, who jumped and clutched hia
chair, saying nervously, 'Some one must
be shooting.' The police are instituting a
vigorous search. It seems that the explo
sion was purely accidental."
Explosion Startles Edward's Son.
LONDON. July. 27.— "A curious incident
Cornwall and York, were present.
Considerable comment has been
aroused by the refusal of thirty-two non
commissioned officers and men to attend
the ceremony on the ground that their pay
was in arrearsV. These men have address
ed letters to King Edward, pointing out
that they cannot submit to be decorated
while their wives and families and some
of their number are starving. The claims
of the men who say they have not yet
been paid vary from £63 to £127. Some
of the claimants allege they have had to
pawn their earlier medals in order to pro
cure food for their families.
•• - New Insect Pest at "Work.
RIVERSIDE, July 26. — Horticultural
Commissioner *R. P,. Cundiff has discov
ered a - new: insect . pest. .So far he has
.been unable to classify ft. It is a tiny
spider that has made its appearance on
the walnut trees in this vicinity. » : They
have appeared, in great numbers, spinning
their • webs over ., the ! leaves of the trees,
causing them • to . shrivel and fall. . .It is
not known whether they. will affect other
trees or not,' as they were discovered only
yesterday. Commissioner Cundiff will
send samples 'to -Washington : and en
deavor to discover whether . fumigation
or spraying will destroy them.
MES. TEVIS TO OCCUPY
MONTEREY HACIENDA
Carrying Out the Plans of Her Late
Husband in Building the
• Dwelling.
MONTEREY, July 26.— Work on the
Tevis hacienda at this place; stopped by
the' death of its former owner, I«»ugh
Tevis, has been resumed by the direction
of Mrs. Hugh Tevis and will be hurried
to completion. Mrs. Tevis and her par
ents, ex-Governor and Mrs. Baxter are
staying at Hotel del Monte while the last
touches are. being put upon the house
and will superintend the furnishing them
selves. Mrs. Tevis will carry out in every
detail the plans which she and her late
husband made with regard to this house
and her present intention is to spend a
large part of her time at the hacienda
She expects it will be ready for occupancy
in about three weeks. . . _
Union Pacific Branch Sold.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., July 26.-The
Leavenworth and Lawrence branch of the
Union Pacific, which has been in a re
ceiver's hands for several years, was sold
at noon to-day, the purchase price being
$900,000. .There was but one bidder and
the road was knocked down to Judge W
R. Kelly of Omaha for the Union Pacific
Railroad. Judge Kelly stated that the re
ceiver would be discharged at once and
the road, operated as part of the Union
Pacific system. -,¦ = •¦>;:. .^«»^
Open for All.
You can buy round-trip tickets to Stockton
Saturday, July 27th, and return Sunday or Mon
day, j * Only costs $2.00. | Santa Fe trains leave
7:20 a. m., 4:20 p. m. and 8 p. m.
Own Packing.
SAN JOSE, July 26.— A contract was
placed on record to-day for the erection
of a large fruit warehouse at Santa Clara
for the California Cured Fruit Associa
tion at an estimated cost of $19,544. This
is the result of a long and heated discua
sion of the directory of the association,
threatening at one time to disrupt the
board. The move is said by Its Opponents
to be the first step in the plan for the
combine to do all Its own packing of
prunes, and was opposed on the ground
that it was in violation of the packers'
contract. The warehouse will be erected
on land owned by the town,' near the rail
road depot.
Cured Fruit Association Makes tlie
First Move Toward Doing Its
LETS THE CONTRACT
FOR BIG WAREHOUSE
Presbyterian Paper Incorporated.
CHICAGO. July 26.— Owners of the In
terior, the Presbyterian church paper of
the West, have 'incorporated with a capi
tal stock of $50,000. At the office of ilie
publication it is announced that this is
the only change contemplated. ( Dr. W. C.
Gray, for thirty years editor of the In
terior, will continue In that capacity.
»
Former Prussian Official Dying.
BERLIN, July 26.— Dr. Bosse, former
Prussian Minister of Public Instruction,
Is believed to be dying.
in Metal City, the new mining camp on
McCloud River. The structure was just
completed for a hotel at a cost of $3000,
by the Shasta Electric Iron and Steel
Company, on the line of the projected
railroad between 'Kennett and Bully-Hill.
Manager Bruson of the steel company had
been, having 'trouble with men whom he
charged with cutting timber on the com
pany's land, and it is hinted that these
charges supplied a motive.
Supposedly Incendiary Blaze.
REDDING, July 26.— What is believed
to have been an incendiary fire to-day
swept away the first big building erected
tively that a committee representing the
Northern Pacific Railroad has purchased
the Oriental liners Tacoma, Victoria and
Olympia, operated by Dodwell & Co. un
der the name of the North Pacific Mail
Steamship Company; also the Dodwell
steamer City of Seattle of the Lynn Canal
fleet. The Dodwells will for the present
act as agents for the Northern Pacific in
the operation of the Oriental liners.
The Pacific Coast Company is nego
tiating with the Northern Pacific Com
pany for the purchase' of the City of
Seattle. The deal will go through. The
Pacific Coast Company probably will also
consummate a pending deal for the Puget
Sound fleet owned by the Dodwells. This
will mean the retirement of the Dodwells
from the Sound and Alaskan fields.
Gala Days for Fishermen.
ASTORIA, July 26.— The great run of
salmon continues and packers are unable
to handle the fish offered them. To-day
the seiners suspended operations 'for a
time and the supply was shortened some
what, enabling canners to accept limited
quantities of tish from the gill net fisher
men. Scarcity of labor is felt and 50
cents an hour Is paid by the cold storage
houses. If the run falls off slightly, as
is now indicated, the fishermen will make
from $30 to $100 nightly. The present run
means $100,000 a day to Astoria. About
10,000 cases are being packed here daily
and this year's pack will undoubtedly ex
ceed that of last year.
Soon to Retire From the Puget Sour/I
and Alaskan Transportation
Fields.
SEATTLE, July 26.— It Is known posl-
DODWELLS ABE SELLING
ALL OF THEIB VESSELS
The land occupies more than thirty
miles of riparian rights on the river, thus
providing cheap irrigation, without any
question as to water rights.
This tract is a portion of what is known
as the Blythe estate, and, all legal obsta
cles to obtaining a clear title having been
removed, the syndicate- is organized to
handle it In the interests cf actual set
tler^, • The managers of the property put
the.iprice at $250,000, but the syndicate
obtained the option at a slightly lower
figure.
RIVERSIDE. July 26.— Riverside is
about to become headquarters 'for an im
portant land colonizing scheme. W. B.
Ferguson, a promoter of large land
schemes, arrived here yesterday on busi
ness connected with this deal. He repre
sents a syndicate that is about to pur
chase a tract of 41,000 acres of valuable
land lying along the Colorado River, upon
which it already holds an option. The
property Is located in this county, about
100 miles above Tuma.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Forty" "Thousand Acres
to Be Taken Up by-
Settlers.
RIVERSIDE LAND
FOR COLONISTS
and Harry Sanford of ¦ Guadalupe were
driving along the county road, when their
attention was directed to a piece of cloth
ing lying, partly hidden, close to the
fence. Upon picking it up it was found
to be a waistcoat that had literally been
soaked with blood. As it was found on
the road to Guadalupe, the direction
which the murderer took, it Is beyond
question that it was worn and discarded
by the man who murdered Harry Bloch
man. The finders of the garment turned
It over to the constable at Guadalupe, who
sent It to Sheriff Stewart. , ¦ .
The finding of this garment may make
the identification of the slayer of young
Blochman comparatively easy. Those who
worked with William Kelso, the suspect,
will know whether it was -worn by him.
Though the evidence of Kelso's guilt has
appeared so conclusive that there is little
doubt he would have been lynched had he
been captured at the time when scores of
citizens were engaged In the search for
him, there are a few who are not quit©
certain that he is the murderer. The
blood-stained garment found by the road
side should put an end to these doubts.
A grand jury has been drawn to pass
upon Kelso's alleged connection -with th©
crime. It will meet on Friday of next
week. •
oaNTA MARIA, July 26.— Startling evi
dence has been discovered in the murder
case of Harry Blochman. Yesterday aft
ernoon Nicholas Klinck of ' Santa Maria
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bloodstained Garment Is
Found Near Santa
Maria.
CLEW THAT MAY
HANG MURDERER
HERO OF MAFEKING, WHO MADE SUCH A GALLANT AND SUCCESS
FUL STAND WHEN BESIEGED BY BOERS. UPON HIS ARRIVAL
IN ENGLAND TESTERDAT HE WAS GIVEN A GREAT "WELCOME.
. 6. The condition of the coal supply of the
"Flying Squadron" on and about May 27. 189.*;
its coaling facilities: the necessity, if any,' for,
or advisability of, the return of the squadron
to Key West to coal, and the accuracy and
propriety of the official reports made. by Com
modore Schley .with respect to this matter.
- 7. Whether or not every effort incumbent
upon the commanding officer of a fleet under
such circumstances was made to .capture or
destroy the Spanish cruiser Colon as she lay
at anchor' In the entrance .to Santiago harbor,
May 27 to May 31' inclusive, and the necessity
for, or advisability of, engaging the batteries
at. the entrance .-.to Santiago harbor, and the
Spanish vessels at; anchor within the entrance
to said harbor, at the ranges used, and the
propriety of Commodore Schley's conduct In
the premises. ' •
8. The necessity, if any, for. and advisability
of, withdrawing at night the "Flying Squad
ron" from; the entrance to Santiago harbor
to a distance at sea, If such shall be found to
have , been • the case;- the extent and character
of such withdrawal,' and whether . or ¦ not a
close : or adequate blockade of said harbor, " to
prevent the . escape of ¦' the enemy's vessels
therefrom, was established, and the propriety
of Commodore Schley's conduct in the prem
ises. .'¦¦• ¦¦¦ . ¦;¦ •'•• ;
9. The position of the Brooklyn on the morn
ing of July 8, 1898/ at the time of the exit of
... ¦ ¦ . ¦ / . .. -.'"¦ v? . ii -.¦•'.;. . . • ¦
While the department relies upon the discre
tion of the court to make this examination
into this matter full and complete, as requested
by the officer at whose Instance it is convened,
the report should show the conclusions reached
upon certain points, to whleh attention Is spe
cifically directed, as folllows: .
1. His conduct in connection with the events
of the Santiago campaign. .
2. The circumstances attending, the reasons
controlling and the propriety of the movements
of the "Flying Squadron" off Cienfuegos in
May, 1898. ,
3. The circumstances attending, the reasons
controlling and the propriety of the movements
of the raid squadron in proceeding from Cien
fuegos to Santiago.
4. The circumstances attending the arrival
of the "Flying Squadron" oft! Santiago, the
reasons for its retrograde turn westward and
departure from off Santiago, and the propriety
thereof.
5. The circumstances attending and the rea
sons for disobedience by Commodore Schley of
the orders of the department contained In Its
dispatch dated May 25. 1898. and the propriety
of his conduct in the premises.
Upon. the conclusion of the' investigation the
court will report its proceedings and the testi
mony taken, with a full and detailed statement
of all the pertinent facts which it may deem
to be established, together with its opinion
and recommendations in the premises.
The court will thoroughly Inquire into all
the circumstances bearing upon the subject of
the investigation hereby ordered, and to this
end, besides examining orally all proper wlt
nesees whose attendance can be secured,' will
call ¦ upon the department for all documentary
evidence In relation thereto on its flies. |
To Admiral George Dewey, XT. S. N.. Wash
ington: Upon the request of Rear Admiral
Winfleld S. Schley, U. S. N.. made in a let
ter dated July 22. 1301, copy herewith, a court
of inquiry, of which you are hereby appointed
president. Rear Admirals Lewis A. Kimberly
and Andrew E. K. Benham, U. S. N.. mem
bers, and Captain Samuel C. Lemly, U. S. N.,
Judge advocate general, Judge advocate, is
hereby ordered to convene at the Navy Depart
ment, Washington, D. C, at 1 o'clock^ p. m.,
on Thursday, the 12th day of September, 1901,
or as soon thereafter as may be practicable,
for the purpose of inquiring into the conduct
of the said "W*. S. Schley, commodore in the
navy during the recent war with Spain, and
In the connection with the events thereof.
WASHINGTON, July 26.— The precept to
the Schley court of inquiry was issued
this afternoon. It is as follows:
the Santiago Campaign.
Board Will Review All Incidents of
"I must differ from the correspondent.
To the best of my recollection — and I be
lieve my memory on this point is clear —
the New York participated in but one
chase during the blockade of Santiago.
This was on the day of our arrival or on
the following day, I think."
The correspondent then said: "The
message which you sent to the Navy De
partment immediately after the victory,
and which read. 'Fleet under my com
mand offers nation as a Fourth of July
present, etc' That message, admiral, as
you know, has caused much criticism.
Was that written by you or at your dic
tation?"
"No, the message was written by a
member of my staff. T 'don't clearly
recollect which one. I approved the mes
sage, however. I must say if I had dic
tated the message my,«elf I should have
expressed the facts jllfferently." /
WIDE SCOPE OF THE INQUIRY.
"A press correspondent who was on
board the Brooklyn during the war makes
the assertion that you also frequently
weakened the blockading line by taking
your flagship, the New. York, away, to
chase schooners for prize money."
state that Shafter had represented to the
War Department that the- navy was not
co-operating, at least from his point of
view. As I remember it his complaint
was that I would not take a fleet into
Santiago harbor.
"Before my departure for Siboney to
attend the council of war I had received
telegraphic orders from the Navy Depart
ment informing me of Shatter's , com
plaint, directing me to confer with him
and to see if a- mutual understanding
could not be arrived at. This order, to
the best of my recollection; reiterated the
positive order received once or twice be
fore that I must not risk any of my ves
sels on the mine fields before the destruc
tion of the Spanish fleet: I must say
that before starting for the council of
war I had "consulted with Shafter by
proxy, but to no effect. He insisted that
I should make a personal examination of
his lines, which he stated were so attenu
ated by losses sustained in attack and by
illness that they could no longer be held.
Judge Lemly has not yet decided who
the witnesses before the court shall be.
They may be taken from the navy or from
civil life, for undoubtedly some of the
newspaper correspondents -will be called
in. the case. It is even probable, in view
of the recently published interview of
Captain Eulate of the Spanish navy,
that he and "Admiral Cervera himself will
be called if Admiral Schley desires It. Of
course the court of inquiry has no author
ity to compel their attendance, and it is
more than doubtful whether they would
respond to a summons, but the opportun
ity will be afforded. No word has been
received from Admiral Kimberly, who. it
was reported, had written to the depart
ment; saying that his health made it In
advisable for him to attempt to serve on
the court. He will not be officially noti
fied of his' selection as a member of the
court until he receives the precept, -which
was mailed to him to-day. A copy of
the precept will: also be sent to Admiral
Dewey and Rear Admirals, Benham and
Schley.
WASHINGTON, July 26.— Judge Advo
cate General Lemly, who was designated
as judge, advocate of the Schley court to
day, will now proceed with' the prepara
tion of his case. He will examine all
documents and prepare a list of witnesses.
The court will . probably sit for several
months, more than likely until after Con
gress convenes in December.
Asked to Testify.
Cervera and. Eulate Likely to Ba
MAY SUMMON SPANIARDS.
the Spanish vessels from the harbor of San
tiago. The circumstances attending, the rea
sons for, and the Incidents resulting from the
turning of. the Brooklyn In the direction In
which she turned at or about the beginning
of the action with said Spanish vessels, and
the possibility of thereby colliding with or
endangering any other of the vessels of the
United States fleet, and the propriety of Com
modore Schley's conduct In the premises.
10. The circumstances leading to, and the in
cidents and results of a controversy with Lieu
tenant Albon C. Hodgson, U. S. N., who, on July
3. 1898, during the battle of Santiago, was navl
sator of the Brooklyn, in relation to the turn
! ing of the Brooklyn; the colloquy at that
time between Commodore Schley and Lieuten
ant Hodgson and the ensuing correspondence
between them on the subject thereof, and the
"propriety of the conduct of Admiral- Schley
In the "premises.
The foregoing specifications are given pri
marily for the information and guidance of the
court but do not limit or restrict the scope
of Its inquiry into "the entire matter," the
Investigation of which is asked bx the officer
concerned. . ¦ ¦ '¦
Rear Admiral Schley has been informed of
his right to be present, either in person or
by counsel, during the investigation, to cross
examine witnesses and to offer evidence be
fore the court, should he so desire. The court
.may at any time grant to others Interested
and entitled thereto like privileges.
The Investigation will be held in open court.
This employment on shore duty is required
by the Dubllc interests. i
¦ Given under my hand, at the Navy Depart
ment. Washington, this 26th day of July. 190L
JOHN D. LONG, Secretary.
The verdict was announced, Robert Fos
burg was discharged from custody and
court was adjourned. The crowd * ne *J
rushed as one person to shake the hand
of the young man, and It was several
minutes before the courtroom was
cleared.. . .""¦ '-"' 7V;~ -s. :'.¦
As soon as the jury was dismissed the
Mr Foreman and Gentlemen: During six
days we have listened to a painful recital of
one of the saddest tragedies ever presented to
a Jury. A beautiful girl. Just budding Into
womanhood, was shot down and her brother
has been accused of the crime. The Govern
ment has endeavored to prove that the girl
was not shot by burglars: It has endeavored to
exclude all other members of the family from
the affair, and, third, to prove that the shot
was fired by her brother, Robert S. Fosburg.
The trial has proceeded somewhat In the form
of an Inquest, and has been tried with great
pains on the part of the Government and the
defense.- There has been a desire to obtain
proof, and so a great deal of evidence has been
Introduced and admitted without objection
which might have been excluded under the
strict, rule of the law. I think I ought also
to say to you that It Is due to the Chief of
Police, who has stood behind this prosecution,
that, in the view of the Tiourt. he has tried to
do his duty with a single eye to ascertaining
the truth. Now. Mr. Foreman and gentlemen,
a motion has been made that this be taken
from the jury, and It becomes my duty to say
to vou that, In the opinion of the court, the
Government has not furnished proof sufficient
to sustain a verdict of guilty against the de
fendant and. therefore, under the direction of
the court. In the Indictment of Robert. S. Fos
burg for killing his sister, you will return a
verdict of not. guilty.
verdict of not guilty, and this was
done, ending the trial. The jurymen did
not leave their seats. The verdict was re
ceived with shouts of applause, which the
court Immediately suppressed. J ud S»
Stevens in ordering a verdict of acquittal
said; .
PITTSFIELJD, Mass., July 26.— At
the opening of court to-day in the
Fosburgr trial Judge Stevens in-
Btrocted the jury to bring in a
THE SAN FKANC1SCO / CALL, ; SATURDAY, ;JULYrS7, 1901;
Famous British Commander Who Won Renown by His Handling of the
• Besieged Force in the South African .Town, Welcomed by the Mayor
and Authorities of Southampton on His Arrival After Long War Service
BADEN-POWELL, HERO OF MAFEKING,
IS WARMLY WELCOMED IN ENGLAND
Government Prosecutor in the Celebrated Massa
chusetts Case Fails to Present Sufficient Evi
dence to Incriminate Murdered Girl's Brother
JUDGE ORDERS THE ACQUITTAL
OF YOUNG ROBERT S. FOSBURG
sented medals to 3000 returning" yeomanry
at the Horse Guards parade here to-day.
The ceremonial was the same as observed
at the former presentation of medals, but
the inclement weather robbed the func
tion of its brilliancy. Queen Alexandra
and Prince Edward, son of the Duke of
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Strong JkJ
The dial of the punch- J I
ing machine won't J J
answer that question. l£*g
Strength depends onjy** J
nutrition. When the __ —
stomach and other organs of digestion
and nutrition are diseased, the body fails
to receive its full supply of nourishment
and hence grows weak. That is why no
man is stronger than his stomach.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and the
allied organs of dig«stion and nutrition.
The food eaten is then perfectly digested
and assimilated and the body is made
6trong in the only possible way — by nu-
trition.
"I was troubled with indigestion for about two
vears," writes Wm. Bowker. Esq., of Juliaetta,
Latsh Co., Idaho. « I tried different doctors and
remedies but to no avail, until I wrote to vou
and you told me what to do. I suffered with a
pain in my stomach and left side and thought
that it would kill me. Now I am glad to wnte
this and let j'ou know that I am all right. I can
do my work now without pain and 1 don't have
that tired feeling that I used to have. Five bot-
tles of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
and two vials of his * Pleasant Pellets ' cured
me."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets stimulate
the liver.
r- />K?y. *"- > ~v i ; fT/F.'<Jc ~s
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
C^EARICr AXD WASHINGTON ST8.— RB-
** modeled and renovated, KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Booms. 50c to U 60 day;
K to $& week; J8 to *20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flra crates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
I 1' Consumer. ¦
Itt J ,/l\F« * %M?lli& if Si tures and none *%£
W X (ll* ft IS th8 disadvantages of i
J^?^=k=5» ' 'NT /* r^*^^#! t handsome in appear- |
Ptr^sfeOr'^J^C" „ J$i\s-- iiiiPjJBi-Mim ance. and also won.- \ I
if^^^^^^^^^^^^rWm derfully tough and-
i^^^^^^^^^^€ strong. This exc^>-
V r^T^^^^^^^^^0^^^^ makes it possible for
uju'vS stand the severest
1 ¦ . - tests In men s shoes r
as well as women's.' French Kld. because of its weakness, is |j |
never expected to withstand hard usage in a man's shoe. ;l I
Kin~ Kid can be obtained only in Regal Shoes. It will be of . t >
no use "to ask for King Kid 4n other shoe stores. It cannot be j|
° bt ReKai- Shoes are exact duplicates in style of the patterns If
made by the highest-priced custom bootmakers of London, &<
Paris and New York. • '" j R
THE ONLY STORE WEST. OF THE MISSOURI SELLING DIRECT |
FROM TANNERY TO CONSUMER. p
Men's Sfcocs Only, * 3
I Cop. 'Gcary.and Stockton Sts. . j, n
Women's Regal Shoea are made In all the popular styles, |
both dainty 'and mannish.' The same reasons which account B
, •_>>. , for the superiority of Men's M
# Si : Regal - Shoea apply equally.
SgteiK ' well to the women's styles, i a
_-^-^V-*"^i-3' • Women's Regal Shoes are ob- §
' 'XfZ^^^l *: tainable through the Mail Or- 1
¦ *•<» -^l l^^v- ' ' 3l der Department. v. . R
s^^Q*^ Address L. C. Bliss & Co., B
"rr"" 0 " Manufacturers, 1C9 Summer ¦¦
_ • -^--To:£ :AM^~ZZZZZZiigp> St.. Boston, Mass. | 3
! ' • """" """ * . f* Catalogue of Men's ' and ' - H
\f . Women's 'Shoes sent on appli- g
. . ' * ' cation. • 9
a i m ii i !¦¦¦¦ i i ii ¦¦ i i i ii «hi > > i i urn i l -i^ BIGa * Baaia^^ a^^^ ni dirffpFOREIGN PORTS. . .
MAZATLAN-^Salled July 24— Ger »tmr Anu
bis, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA-Sailed July 8— U Setmr. Petrel,
for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 25— Ger ship
Arthur" Fitter, from Portland.
LIZARD— Passed July 25— Ger shin Peter
Rickmers, from Portland, for Queenstown.
LONDON— Sailed July 25— Br stmr Glenock,
for Puzet Sound. ¦
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed July 6— Ger stmr Anu
bis, ¦ for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 24— Br ship Aus
trasia, hence March 1.
FALMOUTH — Arrived July 25— Ger «hip
Peter Rickmers, from Oregon. j
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BROWHEAD— Passed July 2(5— Stmr Civic,
from New York, for LIveroool; stipnUmbrla,
from. New, York, for Queenstown and Liver
pool.
LIZARD— Passed July 2S— Stmr Frlesland,
from New York, for 'Antwerp; stmr Frleder
ich der Grosse, from. New York, for Cher
bourg and Bremen. '
SOUTHAMPTON - Sailed July 26 - Stmr
Deutschland, from Hamburg 1 , for New York,
via Cherbourg.
MOVILLE— Sailed July 26— Stmr Astoria,
from Glasgow, ¦ for New York; stmr Parisian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
LONDON-Sailed July 26— Stmr Marquette.
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 26-^Stmr Nomadic,
for New York; stmr Celtic, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 2&— Stmr Cuflc, for
Liverpool.' , ' ". ¦ ". .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times, and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
•Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the. Superintendent;.
• NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places;
TVHIL-E MAKING A LANDING AT THE MAIL DOCK YESTERDAY THE COPTIC CRASHEDj INTO! -THE END :OF>
THE WHARF AND DID SOME DAMAGE. A BAY SCHOONER GOT IN THE WAY OF THE . LINER AND
CAUSED THE ACCIDENT. V- - '. - ' ; <
SATURDAY. JULY S7.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast . Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given, by the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
No matter what they say, the only,rea
son bachelors aren't married is because
no girl has asked them to ask her. --
The Damage Is Only $2.0O
For a round-trip ticket to Stockton via the
Santa Fe.: Sold Saturday, July ' 27th, and you
can return Sunday or Monday. : ; • ..'•'•'+?> '¦.'-
Wolcott Gets the Decision.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., July 28.— Before
the Royal Golf and Athletic Club to-night
Joe Wolcott won the decision from Jack
Bonner at the end of fifteen rounds.
Stinson Breaks World's Record.
(S PROVIDENCE, R. I. , July 26.— Will
Stinson broke the world's record for the
paced mile on a six-lap track at the Coli
seum this afternoon, riding the distance
in 1:24 1-5. J \N;
Illinois Wins Trial Race.
CHICAGO. July 26.-f The Illinois, the
Chicago fin-keel yacht, won the fifth trial
race to-day for the selection of the Cana
da's cup defender. The Detroit was sec
ond and the Milwaukee and Cadillac were
far in the background. The Detroit was
nearly three minutes ahead of the 'Mil
waukee, which led the Cadillac by-about
three minutes. The yachts were almost
four hours "in covering the course.
YOUNG CORBETT TOO
¦MUCH FOB KID BROAD
Gets a Well-Earned Decision at the
End of the Tenth
Bound.
DENVER, July 26.— "Young Corbett" of
Denver made Kid Broad of New York
look like an amateur in their ten-round
go at Coliseum Hall here to-night and
was given the decision at the end of the
bout. Corbett had no trouble in landing
on Broad, and put him to the mat three
times during the bout. " > He landed an
average of five blows to .Broad's one, and
when the gong sounded for the finish
Broad went to his corner. with blood flow
ing from his nose and apparently very
tired. Both men announced this afternoon
that they were in better condition than
ever before. Thirty-five hundred specta
tors witnessed the go. •
In the preliminaries Abe Attellof ban
Francisco was scheduled to knock out
two men. He succeeded in winning. from
Tommy Lewis in four rounds, but Scotty
Williams, a local man. stood him off for
five rounds and made such a good show
ing that the referee called it a draw, Wil
liams winning the money. ¦¦' ,
Jim Hale of Chicago secured the •de
cision over Jim McGuire of Denver in live
rounds." '•¦ , .
TENNIS ASSOCIATION
IN B-ECrXTLAB MEETTN'G
Pates and Conditions Determined for
Tournaments in August and (
— September.
At a meeting of the Pacific States Lawn
Tennis Association held yesterday after
noon at the California Tennis Club some
very important business was transacted.
The delegates present were: Harry
Haight, Dr. C. S. Hardy, George Whitney,
William B. Collier and Harold Crowell.
The following tournament committee to
handle the men's tournaments was ap
pointed: Dr. P. J. Lane, chairman; H. W.
Crowell and Grant Smith. The events for
women will be handled by a tournament
committee composed of Miss Alice Hoff
man, chairman; Miss Miriam Hall and
Miss Emma Hunter.
George W. Lane was appointed referee
for all the tournaments to be held in Aug
ust and September.
Mr. Halton, representing the Hotel Ra
fael, on whose courts all the tournaments
will be. played, was present, and although
nothing definite was decided as to prizes
he will undoubtedly make the association
a generous offer. v
The ladies' tournaments were fixed for
the' last week in August, but the exact
dates have not yet been decided upon. The
association will hold another meeting in
the near future, when it will be decided
whether or not there is to be a mixed
doubles tournament. ' •
The dates of the men's tournaments
were not decided upon. Some of the mem
bers were "in favor of having the tourna
ments last from September ? to 9, while
others wanted them to be completed in
four days. It was finally decided to leave
the matter* to the tournament committee.
In addition to the yachts named above
the schooner Wave and the sloop Juanlta
belong 1 to class one, and the schooners
Virginia and White Wings to class two,
but ho time allowances have been allotted
to them, and with the possible exception
of the sloop Juanita they will take no part
in the race.
The Corinthians will cruise to Pet&luma
drawbridge to-day and will return to
Tiburon to-morrow.
The Californias had a cruise to Martinez
scheduled to-day, the return to be made
to-morrow, but it is not likely that more
than one or two yachts will make it.
The regatta committee of the Corin
thian Yacht Club wrote several days ago
to the Vallejo Yacht Club recommending
that none but amateurs be permitted to
steer or sail on either the challenger or
the defender for the Perpetual cup, and
requesting that the exact racing length of
the elobp Helen be sent as soon. as possi
ble. No reply had been received up to the
time of writing. • .
Fifty-Mile Race at Boston."
BOSTON. July 26.— Harry Elkes to-night
defeated both Albert Champion and James
F. Moran in their fifty-mile paced race
at Charles River Park. Time. 1:20:02 4-5.
BAN BERNARDINO. July. 26.— Edward
Koners and Harry Davis, two young men
pf Daggett, became involved in a dispute
In 'a saloon at the latter place last night
over which should pay, tor the drinks.
Koners took offense at a remark made by
Davis and, drawing a pistol, fired at him.
The bullet took effect in Davis' side, but
he is not considered ¦ dang-erously wound
ed. Koners Is in Jail, charged with at
tempted murder. ;,;'.',
Saloon Affray in Daggett.
CHICAGO, July 26.— William A. Hola
bird to-day won the Raven Oaks . cup in
the Onwentsia golf tournament His play
was brilliant and at all stages he had his
opponent, W. L. Thompson, easily in
hand. He won -with six up and five to
play. Holabird and Thompson are both
members of the Glennview Golf Club.
Thompson was handicapped by nervous
ness, while his youthful opponent was at
his best, playing with a nonchalance
which added to the applause bestowed
upon him. Holabirjl made the course in
seventy-eight strokes, setting a new ama
teur record. •
Amateur Golf Record.
MILWAUKEE. July 26.— Boston won from
Milwaukee to-day by bunching hits in four
innings. The home tram bunched hits !n one
Inning, when, with two men on bases, Duffy's
second two-bagger saved a shutout. Attend
ance. 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Milwaukee 2 8 3
Boston 4 11 2
Batteries— Husting and Maloney; Young and
Schreck.
t CLEVELAND, July 26.— Cleveland's inability
to hit Foreman was the cause of their defeat
to-day. Attendance, 1021. Score:
Clubs— ' \ R. H. E.
Clevejand -4 4
Baltimore 6 10 2
Batteries — Hart and Teager; Foreman and
Bresnahan. *
CHICAGO. JToly 26.-The locals made it three
rtr&lght from Washington by winning to-day.
It was a pitchers/ battle. In which both Grif
fith and Oarrtck worked their beet with honors
about even. Both teams fielded well. Attend
ance, 1900. gcore:
ClubB— . R. H. E.
Chicago 2 7 1
Washing-ton 18 1
Batteries— Griffith and Sullivan; Carrick and
Clarke.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LiOTJIS. July 26. — PIttsburg- was defeated !
by heavy hittlr.g- after getting a lead of six
runa at the ftart. O'Connor assaulted Dono
van in the third Inning and Eddie Mmphy,
the St. Louis pitcher, hit O'Connor on the
Jaw, sprawling him out ten feet away. At
tendance, tOCO. Ecore :
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 12 lg 3
PIttsburg 7 10 3
Batteries — Powell and Schrlver; Philllppl.
Chefcbro and O'Connor. Umpires — CDay and
Brown.
CHICAGO, July 2*.— Two errors, two steals,
& single and McCormick'e triple defeated Cin
cinnati to-day in the fourth. Hughes was hit
for two doubles and a. single in the third, but
kept the visitors guessing during' the other
innings. Attendance, 600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago ,. '.... 6 7 0
Cincinnati 2 9 ' 2
Batteries — Hughes and Kahoe; Btlinmel and
Bergen. Umpire— Nash.
NEW YORK, July 26.— Boston defeated New
Tork to-day through timely batting. Neither
pitcher was bit bard. Attendance, 2200. Score:
Club»— R. H. E.
New York 3 6 2
Boston 4 7 ¦ 1
Batteries— Phyle and Smith; Willis and Kltt
riage. Umpire — KmHlie.
Diamond.
JfjLTIONAL. LEAGUE.
Fistic Demonstration on St. Louis
EASTERN BASEBALL.
&-rr«a HE Occidental and Oriental
I Steamship Company's Coptic ar-
I rived from the Orient via Hono
il lulu early yesterday morning.
While docking she carried- away
a portion of the wharf and gave the pas
sengers a scare, but no serious damage
was done. As the Coptic was nearing the
Mail Company's wharf a scow schooner
grot in the way and the steamship's course
had to be altered. Then the tide began
to carry her down and before anything
could be done the Coptic had sliced off
the big cluster of piles from the. south
west corner of the wharf, tore up tho
planking of the structure for several
yards around and gave herself a list to
port that made several people on board
lose their balance. The crowd on the
wharf waiting for the steamship to doclt
were warned that she would strike and
sought safety in flight. Everybody was
more frightened than hurt and a few hun
dred dollars will repair the damage.
The Coptic brings the news that the
cargo of the ship J. B. Thomas is being
discharged at Honolulu. She sailed from
Australia for Acapulco with a cargo of
ccal. • During a storm the captain was
washed overboard and drowned and the
ship was partially dismasted/ She reached
Honolulu in distress and while awaiting
repairs it was found that her cargo was
hrated. The ship • had to be partially
flooded before the coal eould be handled.
The Thomas is owned in San Francisco
and will probably come here. for an over
hauling.
The cabin passengers who came over on
the Coptic were: E. J. Alexander, A. Van
Kyer Van Alkemade, W. R. Allison, A. G.
Bethel, Miss D. D. Barlow, Clement Auf
fin Ordt, Julius Behrend and wife, E. J.
Brandenstein, Mrs. A. Colton, R. H. Cur
tis H. G. Garrett, Mrs. G. P. Godsey,
Mitchell Harris, Miss M. A." Hawley E.
Holthaus, Mrs. M. A. Jones and child, J.
Knecht, P. A. de Lange, the Rev. Graham
Lee, wife and child; W. W. Lee, Miss M.
Lee, S. O. Lockwood Jr., John Puhonny,
Lieutenant Stubbenbrauch, C. A. Pullan,
Captain S. B. Thompson, A. A. Thorn, P.
Tiedemann, N. von Bosch, L. von Konig
slow Miss A. E. Ward, Miss M. Ward.
Mrs. M. A. Webb, Miss Witherber and
Dr. A. W. Niewenhaus.
Dr. Niewenhaus is returning to civiliza
tion after a two years' tour of Borneo In
the interests of science. The Rev. Gra
ham Lee is from Korea and A. Van Kyer
Van Alkemade is a mining man from Su
matra. . -^
WRECK OF THE BALAENA.
Captain Leavett Tells of Loss of His
Ship in the Arctic.
Captain G. B. Leavett of the wrecked
steam whaler Balaena is back in town.
He left here several months ago for the
Arctic, but the vessel went on an ¦ un
charted reef near St. Lawrence Island
and became a total wreck. When the
Balaena left here she was provisioned for
a thirty months' cruise and nearly all of
the $50,000 worth of supplies went down
with the ship.
It was Captain Leavett's Intention to
anchor in a cove on St. Lawrence Island
and in order to reach it he was steering
a course that he had followed' for twenty
years. When three miles oft shore the
Balaena struck, and all efforts to get her
oft were unavailing. Had any other steam
whalers been near she might have been
saved, but it was five days before the
Alexander showed up. By that time the
Balaena had worked over the reef and
was in a very dangerous position.
Captain Leavett ooarded the Alexander
and in her went in search of, the steam
whaler Grampus. The William Baylies
was' spoken and that vessel took the news
of the disaster to Nome. The Grampus
could not be found, so the Alexander went
back to tho wreck, which was found to
ba going to pieces. Nine of the Balaena's
crew decided to remain on St. Lawrence
Island and start a whaling station, others
joined whalers going north and the re
mainder of the men came home with the
captain.
The steam whaler Narwhal, which has
been two years in the Arctic, comes home'
this fall. The Beluga win remain off the
Mackenzie River for another, year and the
Bowhead, which wintered at Point Bar?
row, comes home this fall.
Wreck of the John Gambles.
The British bark John Gambles la a to
tal loss at Tahiti.' While the vessel was
at Salaverry, Peru, the captain was
drowned and the mate took command.
The vessel loaded 1600 tons of sugar for
Auckland, New Zealand, but on May 23
last the captain found himself off the isl
and of Tahiti in a dead calm. The cap
tain lowered a boat and went ashore at
Papeete. While he was uptown the John
Gambles began to drift on a reef and no
body aboard knew how to work her off.
The captain was warned, but before he
could get back to the beach the bark was
hard and fast on the coral reef. A court
of Inquiry was held and the officers were
blamed for the accident, but as none of
them were licensed men nothing could be
done with them.
Water Front Notes.
The Hisdon Iron Works, has overhauled
the side-wheel tug Tiger and put her in
first class condition. She will be used, to
lay a pipe line across the bay from Bel
mont. There is one line down already,
but the Risdon has the contract to lay a
second. ? -
The Alaska Commercial Company's St.
Paul came off the drydock yesterday aft
er having her propeller repaired. She will
not get away for Nome to-day, but . will
sail Monday.
The Kosmos liner Hermonthls took on
a large quantity of grain, at Port Costa
yesterday. The wheat was handled by
the ship's crew. '
The Anubis. due next Tuesday from
South and Central American ports, will
load 2000 tons of grain at Port Costa.
S The ship William F. Babcock, now al
most due here from Japan, will load bar-
ley for New York. This will be the first
cargo of grain to go Easf via the Horn in
many a long day.
1TEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Reaper will load lumber at Gamble for
Manila.
A Cargo for British Columbia.
The steamer City of Pueblo sailed- Thursday
for Victoria with the following cargo valued
at $7768: '
" 46 cs drugs, 100 tins matches, 100 cs 289 gals
wine, 223 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1018
lbs cheese, 200 bxs paste, 4 bales dry goods, 19
pkps machinery, 2801 pkgs fruit and vegeta
bles, 55 bxs raisins, 4 cs arms and' ammunition,
2 tons Cumberland ccal, 10 cs honey, 34 pkgs
wagon material, 256 lbs coffee, 3 cs electrical
supplies, 1860 lbs meal,' 358 lbs bread, 35 bdls.
wire, 44,155 lbs malt, 10 crs onions.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The steamer Carlisle City cleared yesterday
for China'and Japan via San Diego with a gen
eral cargo valued at $50,305, manifested and
destined as follows: For Hongkong, $5600;
Japan, $9003; Manila,-; $3399; -Vladivostok. $32,
301. The principal exports were as follows:
To Hongkong— 98,815 lbs dried fish.
• To Japan-298 crs bicycles, 20,537 ft lumber,
4 crs sewing machines, 3 cs gramophone goods.
To Manila— 215 cs canned goods, 13 pkgs
household goods. • ¦ • • - „,•.."
To Vladivostok— 2373 tons -salt, 74,036 lbs tal
low, 510 cs fruit, 2 flasks quicksilver, 1200 lbs
canned goods, £21 lbs table meals, 14,460 lbs
dried fruit, 8 crs bicyfcles, 310 lbs cheese, 25,040
lbs butter, 1129 lbs sugar, 1460 gals wine, 2 cs
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, July 26.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, 5 days from Port
land, via Coos Bay and Eureka.
Stmr Eureka, Doe, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall, B9V4 hours from
Victoria and Pusret Sound ports.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nlcolson, 72 hours from
Newport and way ports.
Stmr Seauoia, Winkle, 15 hours from Fort
Brags; bound to Port Los Angeles; put in to
land passengers.
Stmr Greenwood. Fajrerlund, 12 hours from
Point Arena. .
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllne. 84 hours from Ta
corn a..
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendocino. i _ "
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg, 16 hours from Fort
Stmr Luella, Jacobs, 18 hours from Hardy
Stmr Asuncion, Evans, 91 hours from* Se-.
attl** ¦ ¦
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 13 days from San
CLEARED.
Friday, July 26.
.Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per-
I Stmr Cprona. Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
i Perkins & Co. ' ¦ . , •
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co. .
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Navization Co.
Br stmr Carlisle City, Patterson, Hongkong,
via San Dlegro; Cal & Oriental SS Co. ,
SAILED.
. / Friday, July 26.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Hinkle, Santa Cruz.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen. Eureka.
Stmr Seauoia. Winkle. Port Los Angeles.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen. Chemainus. I
Ship Henry Falling. Winn, Puget Sound.
Br bark Chlnperkyle. Wilson, Queenstown.
Schr Mary Etta. Nyman, Bowens Landing.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. Point Arena.
Scbr Newark, Cranide. .
' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 26, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind S, velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN. 3
June 22, lat 8 N, Ion 26 W— Br ship Ancona,
from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HONOLULU, July It— Ship J B Thomas,
previously reported having put in here in dis
tress, was rut alongside the Oceanic dock to
discharge carffo, which was found to be on
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA — Arrived July 26-Stmr Noyo,
hence July 24.
Sailed July 26— Stmr Iaqua, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived July . 26 — Stmr Aber
deen, from Eureka.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 26— Br - stmr Indra
velli, from Hongkong. July 25— Schr Repeat,
her.ee July 13. .
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 26— Schr Ad
miral, hence July 25, In tow of tug Sea King.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July 26— Bark
Reaper, from Port Townaend.
NEW WHATCOM-Salled July 26-Chll bark
Altcar, for Callao.
USAL — Arrived July 25 — Stmr Aloha,' hence
July 23, and palled July 26 for Redondo. -¦
ST MICHAEL— In port July 11— Schr Robert
It Hind, from Seattle.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed July 26— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, for Eureka.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived • July 25— Schr
King Cyrus, from Honolulu. - -
Sailed July 25— Schr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 26— Stmr Humboldt,
for Skasuay.
REDONDO — Arrived July '^26 — Schr Glendale,
from Tacoma. s. < ';,'•'-
NEAH BAY— Passed out July 26-^-Stmr Czar
ina, for San Francisco; bark Tidal' Wave, for
Port Los Anreles. „.¦,¦¦ /
- Passed out July 26-r-Bktn Retriever, for San
Francisco. ' . • • »
Passed in July 26— U S stmr Warren, from
Nome, with U S Btmr Seward in tow.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 24— Stmr
Newburg, for San Francisco.' July 25— Schr
San Buenaventura, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 24— Stmr Coqullle .River, hence
July 20; schr Gen Banning, hence July 12.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed- July 25— Schr Sa'die, for
UmpquaT ' V , . . ' •
HONOLULU— Arrived July 17— Bark Ceylon,
from Laysan Island. July 18 — Br stmr, Belgian
King, from Hongkong;, Br ship City, of Han
kow, from Newcastle/ Aua; schr Expansion,
from Newcastle. Aus; bktn John. Smith, from
Port • Blakeley. ¦ ' . ¦ -
Sailed July 16— Br stmr Doric, for Hongkong;
BChr Annie M Campbell, for Puget Sound. July
17— Bark Gen Fairchlld, for Puget Sound; schr
Emma Claudlna, for. Eureka;" stmr Ventura,
for Australia. . - » ; V .' " "t ... .
To - sail July. SI— Bark Chas - B Kenny, - for
Puget Sound: bark Edward May,, for San
Francisco. July 20— Schr R C Slade, for Grays
Harbor. . '¦¦ ¦ . , " ' ' ¦ ' , •
Arrived July 19— U S stmr Buford/ hence
July 10. with machinery out of order. '
FAST ELECTRIC
LINE SERVICE
San Mateo Railway Re
veals Its Plans to
Equalizers.
Will Extend Its Road- and
Compete With the South
ern Pacific.
SACRAMENTO. July 26.— The State
Board of Equalization to-day took up the
San Francisco and San Mateo Electric
Railway Company and the Sierra Rail
way. The former was represented by
George E. Starr, secretary and treasurer,
and the statement presented showed the
following: details, compared with a year
ago:
EARNINGS.
1900. 1901.
Passengers, etc "..$224,427 26 $251.618 23
EXPENSES.
Operating, etc .$189,71145 $32B.B18 23
Excess In earainirs in 1800.. $34,715 81
Loss in X901 $75,000 00
Value or roadway- $19,600 $110.10< 50
Rollins stock 23.800 27,730 00
length of track, miles 27,730 29.64a
It appeared from the statements of Mr.
Btarr in response to questions from mem
bers of the board that $125,000 has been
spent In the past year in betterments, in
cluding a new power plant, new cars, re
newal of track, etc. The profits of the
road outside of this were about* $50,000, as
iagainst $34,000 the year before. To the
$59,000 was added an assessment of $75,000
upon the stock and all was put into the
item of "betterments and additions."
making an apparent showing of a loss of
$75,000.
It was said that in the present year it
is contemplated to continue the line to
San Mateo by way of Baden, and that
within a month through cars will be put
on to run to the end of the line at a rate
of forty miles an hour outside the city
limits, intending to compete with the
steam railroad.
In the new power plant the power is not
generated, but is received through trans
formers.
< The Sierra Railway was represented by
S. D. Freshman, assistant general man
ager and treasurer, and the statement
submitted showed the following, in com
parison with a year ago:
• EARNINGS.
Passenger $64,5S< 38 $69,034 49
Freight 139,315 42 136.955 05
Mail and express 11.471 S5 10,448 15
Total $215,371 23 $216,437 69
EXPENSES.
Operating $95,720 E9
Taxes...; 3,833 51
Miscellaneous £4.953 20
Total «M,607 30 tmOSQ 69
Surplus I30.S64 05 $7,357 00
Value ot roadFay 236,800 00 240,800 00
Rolling stock 1 2S.150 00 34,650 00
Lenjrth of track, miles... £0.2 60.2
In the statement this year $92,672 65 was
given under the head of "betterments and
additions." It was shown that practically
all of this was due to permanent improve
ment, not properly chargeable to operat
ing expenses. This will give a showing in
operating- profits of some $S5,000. Last
year $84,953 30 was put under the head of
"miscellaneous expenses." Most of this
was chargeable to permanent improve
ment, making' a showing in operating
profits of about the same as last year.
D. L. Bliee, president of the Lake Tahoe
Railway and Transportation Company,
appeared before the State Board of Equal- ;
ization this afternoon and presented the
first report submitted by that road since
It was constructed. The road is located
principally In Placer County and runs a
littl« more than a mile in Nevada County,
from Trucks* to Tahoe City. It is sixteen
miles in length. The value of the road
way was given as $23,790 and the value of
the rolling stock as $15,400. The net in
come of the past year was shown to be
$14,414 46. The report of the County As
sessor showed that the road was assessed
last year at $1900 a mile. The equalizers
took the statement of President Bliss un
der consideration.
COPTIC FROM THE ORIENT CRASHES
INTO END OF WHARF WHILE DOCKING
Bay Schooner Gets in the Way and the Course of the Liner Has to Be
Altered in Order to Avoid Collision— A Question of Ramming Either
X Wharf: or Schooner, and the Wharf Has to Bear the Brunt of the Blow
. ; ' i — - — • — —^ — - — *
YACHT RACE FOR
SAUSALITO CLUB
Will Sail From Vallqjo
to Their Own
Quarters.
San Francisco Olub Boats
Are Ready, for the
Test.
: ¦¦•- -¦?" — ~-S
Almost the entire San Francisco Yacht
Club fleet will call to Vallejo to-night and
come to anchor off Mare Island- To-mor-r
rpw morning the fleet will race down
from Vallejo to Saus&lito, the being
across an imaginary line drawn from the
gangway -of the receiving ship Independ
ence I to the nearest point on tN Y 811^ 0
shore, arid time being taken as the yachts
cross this line. The yachts will be divided
into two classes--class one comprising the
schooners, Bloops and' yawls having a rac
ing length of less v : than thirty-five feet,
and .i class two : being made up of >ths
schooners, Bloops and yawls whose racing
length exceeds thirty-nye f eet. > The two
classes will be started separately by a.
gun or whistle from the starters boat,
class one at 10:30 a: m. and class two at
11 a.m. Ten minutes will be allowed for
crossing the line. ; '
•The yachts will finish across an imag
inary line drawn from the- clubhouse at
Sausalito to a' staJceboat anchored about
4f>0 yards directly offthe clubhouse, leav
ing thestakeboat on the starboard hana.
The time will be taken from the clubhouse
porch, and prize flags -will be given to the
yacht making the fastest time in each
class. Each yacht In class one will re
ceive a time allowance' from the sloop
Thetis,' which Is the standard boat. In
class two. the schooner Lurline will give an
allowance' to each boat; based, upon us
racing length. The time allowances, rig,
etc., are shown in the table:.: --. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALL, 6ATUBDAY, JTJIjY 37, 1 901^
4
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets
1:34" "e
..6:08
--7:24
u m.
Time Time time
Date Ft. — Ft.
LW H W L. W
27 .. 2:40 0.2 9:51 4.1 1:58
28 .. 3:21—0.1 10:31 4.4 2:60
29 .. 3:58-0.6 11:10 4.6 3:36
30 .. 4:37—0.5 11:45 4.8 4:24
31 .. 5:15—0.5 12:19 4.9 6:10,
1 .. 5:51—0.4 12:51 6.2 5:57
|HW 1L, W H W|
2 -I 0:05) 5.61 6:31 0.0] 1:24
iTimel
Ft.
i
3.1
2.9
2.8
2.6
2.3
2.0
H XV
s-.n
9:00
9:43
10:29
11:16
Ft.
6.7
5.S
5.8
5.9
e.g
6.3
I......
L W|
6:48
1.8
Steamer. ' I
From.
Due.
Newburgf
Acme...
Crescent City..
Bonita..
State of Cal
Empire
Santa Barbara.
Noyo
W. H. Kruger.
Wellington.'....
Australia
Columbia.......
Anubls
Pomona.
Conemaugh....
Czarina.
Curacao
Bristol
Umatllla
Eureka
City of Sydney
Matteawan.....
Corona...
North Fork....
Rival
Arcata:
Santa Rosa
Aconcagua
America Maru.
Rainier
Point Arena....
Peru
Grays Harbor „
San Pedro/.
Humboldt '.........
San Pedro & Way Pts.
San Diego
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Humboldt .'
San Pedro
Oyster Harbor..
Tahiti ...................
Portland and Astoria..
Hamburg & Way Ports
Humboldt ...............
Nome & St. Michael...
Seattle and Tacoma...
Mexican Ports;...
Comox
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt I ; . . . .
Panama & Way Ports.
Tacoma
Newport & Way Ports
Humboldt -
Wlllapa Harbor
Coos Bay.
San Diego & Way Pts.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
China and Japan.'
Seattle & N. j Whatcom
Point Arena
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
July 27
July 27
July 27
July 2S
July 23
July 28
July 28
July 28
July 28
July 2$
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 31
July 81
July, 31
July 31
Aug. 1
Aug. I
Aug. l
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Au*. 2
Aug. . 2
Aug., 2
Aug. 8
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Carlisle City.
Alliance
Corona..
G. W. Elder..
Arcata
San Pedro....
Santa Rosa...
Eureka
Acme....
San Bias
Point Arena..
Empire.......
W. H. Krugei
St. Paul
July 27.
China and Japan..
Portland & Coos B.
San Diego
Astoria. & Portland
! Coos Bay......\.'....
Humboldt
Jnly 28.
San Diego & Way..
Humboldt ..........
July 29.
Siuslaw Klver
Panama & Way —
Point Arena........
Coos Bay/.....
Tlllamook .Bay.....
Nome & St. Michael
July 3O.
Puget Sound Ports
San Pedro & Way.
July 31.
Seattle & Hadlock.
Seattle & Tacoma,.
Humboldt «
San Diego & Way.
Humboldt .'....'.....
Angnst 1.
Sydney & Way Pts
Astoria & Portland
AuRimt 2.
China" and Japan..
10 am
5 pm
9 am
11 am
12 m
10 am
9 ami
9 ami
3 pm
12 m
2 pm
12 m
12 tin
2 pm
Pier 27
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier a
I Pier 11
IPler 18
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 34
Walla Walla.
Bonita. ..;....
11 am
9 am
Pier ¦' 9
Pier 11
R. Dollar.....
Czarina
Noyo
State otCal..
Pomona......
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
1:80 p
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 9
Sierra....
Columbia
10 am
11 am
Pier 7
Pier 24
Coptic........
I 1 Pm
IPMSS
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports
Al-Ki.. ......... Skaguay & Way Ports
Oregon.......... Nome & Teller..
Dirigo..... Skaguay & Way: Ports
Senator Nome direct '..
Cottage City... Skaguay, & Way Ports
Conemaugh..... Nome & St. Michael...
City of Topekal Skaguay & Way Ports
Chaa. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports
Victorian Skaguay & Way ports
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July SO
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
.'; YACHT.
Ill
OS
B-2L
4— _— I
\~ rrrr ~\ M. S.
'Class 1— ¦•'-
Catherine
Royal 1 .. ri
Aeollis '.....;....
Spray.
Surprise *
Naiad
Siren
Cygnus :....
Phyllis ....:....
Thetis I
. Class 8— ¦
Mischief
Nixie .....:...:;
Tramontana ...
Chlspa
Ramona
Aggie "."..........
Lurllne
. , . . . ivi. o.
25.56 23:09
$7.50 16:16
27.72 15:38
27.78 15:19
27.85 15:19
28.01 15:00
28.10 14:41
28.85 12:13
31.00 6:56
83.31 0:00
39.55 30:32
39.83 29:68
46.75 18:34
47.04 18:08
50.78 13:17
60.78 1:45
62.50 0:00
M. S.
25.56
27.50
27.72
27.78
27.85
28.01
28.10
28.85
31.00
33.31
23:09
¦ 16:16
15:38
15:19
15:19
15:00
14:41
12:13
6:56
0:00
J. Sutton.
Edgell & Morrow
C. Westerf eld.
F. Bartlett. .
A. C. Lee.
Charterers.
P. de Martini.
T. L. Hill.
H. Dot et jil.
K. S. Bridgeman
39.55
39.83
46.75
47.04
50.78
60.78
62.50
30:32
29:68
18:34
18:08
13:17
1:45
0:00
G. White et al.
G. E. Billings.
H. R. SimpKlns.
I. Gutte.
W. N. McCarthy
J. V. Colenian.
J.' D. Spreckels.
.'; YACHT.
Ill
OS
B-2L
4— _— I
\~ rrrr ~\ M. S.
'Class 1— ¦•'-
Catherine
Royal 1 .. ri
Aeollis '.....;....
Spray.
Surprise *
Naiad
Siren
Cygnus :....
Phyllis ....:....
Thetis I
. Class 8— ¦
Mischief
Nixie .....:...:;
Tramontana ...
Chlspa
Ramona
Aggie "."..........
Lurllne
. , . . . ivi. o.
25.56 23:09
$7.50 16:16
27.72 15:38
27.78 15:19
27.85 15:19
28.01 15:00
28.10 14:41
28.85 12:13
31.00 6:56
83.31 0:00
39.55 30:32
39.83 29:68
46.75 18:34
47.04 18:08
50.78 13:17
60.78 1:45
62.50 0:00
M. S.
25.56
27.50
27.72
27.78
27.85
28.01
28.10
28.85
31.00
33.31
23:09
¦ 16:16
15:38
15:19
15:19
15:00
14:41
12:13
6:56
0:00
J. Sutton.
Edgell & Morrow
C. Westerf eld.
F. Bartlett. .
A. C. Lee.
Charterers.
P. de Martini.
T. L. Hill.
H. Dot et jil.
K. S. Bridgeman
39.55
39.83
46.75
47.04
50.78
60.78
62.50
30:32
29:68
18:34
18:08
13:17
1:45
0:00
G. White et al.
G. E. Billings.
H. R. SimpKlns.
I. Gutte.
W. N. McCarthy
J. V. Colenian.
J.' D. Spreckels.
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets
1:34" "e
..6:08
--7:24
u m.
Time Time time
Date Ft. — Ft.
LW H W L. W
27 .. 2:40 0.2 9:51 4.1 1:58
28 .. 3:21—0.1 10:31 4.4 2:60
29 .. 3:58-0.6 11:10 4.6 3:36
30 .. 4:37—0.5 11:45 4.8 4:24
31 .. 5:15—0.5 12:19 4.9 6:10,
1 .. 5:51—0.4 12:51 6.2 5:57
|HW 1L, W H W|
2 -I 0:05) 5.61 6:31 0.0] 1:24
iTimel
Ft.
i
3.1
2.9
2.8
2.6
2.3
2.0
H XV
s-.n
9:00
9:43
10:29
11:16
Ft.
6.7
5.S
5.8
5.9
e.g
6.3
I......
L W|
6:48
1.8
Steamer. ' I
From.
Due.
Newburgf
Acme...
Crescent City..
Bonita..
State of Cal
Empire
Santa Barbara.
Noyo
W. H. Kruger.
Wellington.'....
Australia
Columbia.......
Anubls
Pomona.
Conemaugh....
Czarina.
Curacao
Bristol
Umatllla
Eureka
City of Sydney
Matteawan.....
Corona...
North Fork....
Rival
Arcata:
Santa Rosa
Aconcagua
America Maru.
Rainier
Point Arena....
Peru
Grays Harbor „
San Pedro/.
Humboldt '.........
San Pedro & Way Pts.
San Diego
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Humboldt .'
San Pedro
Oyster Harbor..
Tahiti ...................
Portland and Astoria..
Hamburg & Way Ports
Humboldt ...............
Nome & St. Michael...
Seattle and Tacoma...
Mexican Ports;...
Comox
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt I ; . . . .
Panama & Way Ports.
Tacoma
Newport & Way Ports
Humboldt -
Wlllapa Harbor
Coos Bay.
San Diego & Way Pts.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
China and Japan.'
Seattle & N. j Whatcom
Point Arena
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
July 27
July 27
July 27
July 2S
July 23
July 28
July 28
July 28
July 28
July 2$
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 31
July 81
July, 31
July 31
Aug. 1
Aug. I
Aug. l
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Au*. 2
Aug. . 2
Aug., 2
Aug. 8
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Carlisle City.
Alliance
Corona..
G. W. Elder..
Arcata
San Pedro....
Santa Rosa...
Eureka
Acme....
San Bias
Point Arena..
Empire.......
W. H. Krugei
St. Paul
July 27.
China and Japan..
Portland & Coos B.
San Diego
Astoria. & Portland
! Coos Bay......\.'....
Humboldt
Jnly 28.
San Diego & Way..
Humboldt ..........
July 29.
Siuslaw Klver
Panama & Way —
Point Arena........
Coos Bay/.....
Tlllamook .Bay.....
Nome & St. Michael
July 3O.
Puget Sound Ports
San Pedro & Way.
July 31.
Seattle & Hadlock.
Seattle & Tacoma,.
Humboldt «
San Diego & Way.
Humboldt .'....'.....
Angnst 1.
Sydney & Way Pts
Astoria & Portland
AuRimt 2.
China" and Japan..
10 am
5 pm
9 am
11 am
12 m
10 am
9 ami
9 ami
3 pm
12 m
2 pm
12 m
12 tin
2 pm
Pier 27
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier a
I Pier 11
IPler 18
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 34
Walla Walla.
Bonita. ..;....
11 am
9 am
Pier ¦' 9
Pier 11
R. Dollar.....
Czarina
Noyo
State otCal..
Pomona......
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
1:80 p
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 9
Sierra....
Columbia
10 am
11 am
Pier 7
Pier 24
Coptic........
I 1 Pm
IPMSS
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports
Al-Ki.. ......... Skaguay & Way Ports
Oregon.......... Nome & Teller..
Dirigo..... Skaguay & Way: Ports
Senator Nome direct '..
Cottage City... Skaguay, & Way Ports
Conemaugh..... Nome & St. Michael...
City of Topekal Skaguay & Way Ports
Chaa. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports
Victorian Skaguay & Way ports
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July SO
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains leave mid nr» due to nrrlve •»»
NAN llt4M:iH)().
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
mw — Jrom Jitlt 14. 1901. — Aintrra
7:OOa Benida, Suisun, Elmira and Sacra*
mento M--%Hv
7xOOa V«ca»Ule, ¦Wintwt, Rumeey 7tHr
7 iSOA MarUuez, Sau Uaiuou, Vallejo. S*p»,
Callstoga aud SauU Itosa 6:23r
8:00a Davis, Woodland. Koigata Laadine,
Marystille, Orotille 7:53»
8:00a Atlantic Kxprssu— Ojileu aud East 12:S3p
S:O«a Niles, Lathrop, Stockton ~:2.>r
SiOOa Niles, Mendota, Hanford. ViaaUa,
PorU-rrille 4:35?
8:30 a Shasta Express-Davis, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Ked
. Bluff, Portland. 7s33j»
IiUOi Sau Joae. LiTerinoce, Stockton,
loos, Haerainento. PlaceifiUe,
MnrjsTille, CUico. lte'l Ulntr 4:2.1r
S:3»* Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemi-.e), 3o-
nora. Carters 4:357
U:OOa Haywaid. Miles and Way Station*.. * 1**3*
9:O4>a Vallejo ~ l»:23p
»(«« a Loa Angeles : Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop. dtooktou, Merced
Fresno and Los Angeles 7:23p
O:SOa Valleji.. Martinez and Way Btatioua ?:A3r
IUsOUa The Overland Limited— Ogd«a. Den*
ver, Omaha. Chicago «'»5f
|I:OOp Sacraiueuto lilver Stewmer* t 5sao *
8:30p Hajward, Kiles and Way Ktatlons.. 7:3Sr
iiOUr U«ulcla, Winters, tiacrameuto.
Woodland, Kuigbts Lauding.
UarysTille, Orovillo 10:83a
4:OI»r Martliiea:, Hau Umnoii. Vallejo.
Nap*. Ualistoga. .Santa Uosa WtS.tA
4:OOp Niles, LlTermore, Stockton. Lodi... 1Si»3f
4 »:u»p Haywaid, N lies. Sau Jnse, Linnnor* t»:*OA
4i30p Port Cos-a, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1«:35a
5:UUp Tli« Owl Limited— Fresuo. Tulara.
Bakersfield. Sangns (or Sauta Bat-
bara, Los Angeles SiSSa
8:00? Martinez, AnUoch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fxeano ..". Jf ! S5 P
tt:O»*Yosemite.... v — M««*r
St3Up New Orleans Ezprexs— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersneld, Loa Angelea,
DemioK, El Puo. New Orleans
and East 7:33*
6:00r Hay waid, Niles aud Sau Jose 7<S3a
{•tOOr Vallejo 11:234
U:O<>r Oriental Mall— OaJen. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago lS:S3p
O:OOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver,
8t Louis . Chicago. 4:33r
7i00p Oregon aud California ICxprest.Naa.
rameiito. marystille, ICeililliig,
rorttamt. I'ugat Mound ami Katk S'SSa
¦leSpSam Pablo. Pott Cost*. Martiness
and Way Stations..... 11>Z3a
jgiOgp Vallfjo 7:53p
COAST LINE (Narrow Uange).
• " . (Foot at Market Street.) ¦
L 17s43a Santa Cruz Excursion to rfaiita Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JS:O3y
Stl9ANewark,CeiiteMllle,8aaJose,Felton,
Boulder Crtek.San ta Cruz aud Way
sutions a»ao»
tS>ISr Newark. Ceuter*llle. Ban .lose. New
Almadon, Fslton. llsiilder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
statious.;: ioi!»«u
4tl.1p Newark, Nan Jose, Los Gatos fS:»»A
«<;13pGlemrood.Boulder Creek. SaptoCnig «8:3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS FUHCISCO— Fool of Marktt Street (Slip 8)—
17:15 9:00 11:00*.». 1:03 3:03 5:13p.m.
turn 01IUID— F««t •( Brt»dw»j.— 1«:00 , J3;OO 13:03
10:00 i.n. 12:C3 3:00 iiCar.M.
COAST liINB (Kroail (image).
(Third and Townaend Sta.)
«:1»a San Joae snd Way .Stations.. ........ Siaol
?7:0Oa Sail June and Way Stations l:U»r
/7:»WA New Aliuadei / «<1O>
17x3Oa Sunday Excursion for Saa Jose,
Santo Cruz. Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations !S«80f
¦¦••A Nau Joae, Hollister. Hunt* Cms.
Paellic Orote, Halinas, San Lids
Obispo. Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate stx.ti.ma 7:3OT
letSOA San Jcse aud Way Station*. 6:3Or
11:X»A San .lose and Way SUtlous SiSttr
t2i •!>? 8an Mateo, lied wood, &!?nlo Park,
Palo Alto, Hanta Clara, San Jose.
Hollister. Santa Crux, Salinas.
Monterey and Vaclflc GroTe 1I«*43a
Siior San Jone, Tres Pinos. Santa Cm,
Fadfic GroTe and Way Stations 4:107
f4:1Sr San Joseand Principal Way Station* Vi4Sk
43:OOrSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t»:0©4
SiSOp San Jow ami Principal Way Station* 8:36a
••OOP Redwood. Han Jose, Gilroy, Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Loa Angeles 10:03a
«:30f San Jose aud Way .Stations t*:O«*
qll;45r SamJoseand Way Stations 7t30y
A for Morning. P for A f ternoon.
t Sunday e»cepted. " t Snnday only,
a Saturday only. « Monday.
« Saturday ml Sunday. / Tuesdays and Fridays
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
[ Local I Llrri'd I Ovr'.'d I Local
I Daily t » | Dally | Dally
L>v. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:60 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a ll:10rp 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Kanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" VisaMa... 3:40 p 4:48 a .-.
" Bkrsflelct. 6:13 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40a 7:30a
** Chicago.-! 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for mot nine, p for, afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleepinff Cars, and Dining
Cars through "to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
flrst-clasat passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing tratn arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland* Express. 'With
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.,
Corresponding train arrives at 6:33 p. m.
daily. '
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Farrv.
Commencing April 23. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILK VAliLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAT3-«:55, 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45. »1:45. 3:13. 4:15. 5:15. *8U3. 6:46 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Sam
Rafael on . Mondays, "Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:0O, »1(J:00, 11:00 11:30
a. m.. 12:45 1:30. 2:30, *3:4S, 5:00, 8:00. 7:30
§. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
undays. ¦ ' •¦ ' ¦
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 6:27, 7:47. 8:53, 10:15
a. m.. '12:2s. 1:15. 8:20, *3:35. 4:40, 5:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00. 9:45. »U:00 a. m. «13
m., 1:00, 2:15, »3:30, 4:30. »5:45, 6:45, 7:30, 10:10
p. m. •
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln. >
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 8:45. 7:53. 8:55 10-30
a. m., 12:35, 1:45, 2:45. 3:50, 5:10, 5:20 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
• SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:C0, 10:05, 11:10 a. m. 12:13
1:20. 2:30: 3:45. B:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m!
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays except ed) —
Tomalea and way stations.
1a.m. Sundays— Caaadero and way stations.
10 ' a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
a Dr. Gibson's Dispensary,
629 KEABST ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Mannood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind anct
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others faif. Try him. Charges low.
Cnrr»saaruntfrd. Call or writ*
Dr. Jr. *'. **I UBOA, Baa Francisco. Cai. _
V; iiPVEBTISEMENTS. *
"AEgOLUTE~SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
near signature of /^^^^
, Terr oxcaU and as easy'
to takis as sugar.
SEE • frARTirR'Ql™ 11 heai >ache. SEE
d" UARILKO FOR DIZZINESS.
HIlTTILE F0R BILIOUSNESS. ._.„..„„
GENUINE HVFR for torpid liver. GENUINE
II of Irs FOR C0HSTIPAT10K.
WBAPPRR " ¦» " POR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPER
WKAtTLK g|^i_jFORTHECOMPLEXIO» WHArriin
"&&,TKrr&n on retd paper."
WELL POSTED MEN
Know the merits of our laundry work,
others not so fortunate, but with Ideas of
dress, equally critical, are groping their
way in an endeavor to satisfy their -wants.
Grope no longer, pncle Sam supplies a
convenient method of enlisting our serv-
ices, or our telephone boy, call 'South 420,
will fill your order.
No saw edges. ¦ • *
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Strost.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
GOH0BKHCEA AND TJBINABY DI3CHAB3KS
BBJ w«JCf3 n trTJ k E# tSm m E3nT Cm
JgT jBBMkm m \m R Ba Wf m ft£f cKjR
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
BAJA CALIFORiMIA
Damiana Bitters
IS/ A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder.' Sells on its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRTJNE, Agents.
323 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop the Care o! Gonorrhoea, Gleets.
Strictures and analogous complaint*
of tho Organs of Generation.
?>rlce II « bottle. For Kale by drucgUU.
.RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CUIFORHtt HORTHflESTEBB RL CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, foot of Market S%
San Fransisco to San Rafael., -|
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; ,12:33,
3:30 ' 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra * trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, '3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. . , • <; 'tv.*
San RalrasI to San Francls=o." ;
WEEK DAYS — 6:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. ml'; 12:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. ' „ ,,
SUNDAYS.. 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10,
5:05, 6:25 p. m. .
Leave I In ElTect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901.) San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination.} days. [ Days.
7:30am 8:00am —Novato, 10:40am 8:40am
3:30 pm 9:30 am P^taluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton?
7:3b am Windsor, " 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am[10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am • . 10:40 am 10:25 am
.' 8:00 am "Guernevllle. 7:35 rm
•3:30pm 6:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am ' Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40am
and »
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
' 7'.30 ami 8:00 ami 1 10 MO «.m 1 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pmj SebastQpol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White- Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllte, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Sprtngn, Saratoga
Springs Blue I^akes. Laurel Dell Liike, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake,- Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley'*, BucknelPs,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr'« Hot
Springs,' Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, ¦ Usal, Willlts, Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell' a Springs, Harris, Olsen'e, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. «
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
j Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building.
H. C. WHITING. "• ' : R.' X. RYAN.'
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Tl» SltuUn r any— Toot qf Market BU
|g£-JJ- .....week days U:§£*;
Jilt I: m. *¦» •¦« *+** *• iat p* H;« 1 2:
8:00 A.M.) f 12:15 p. m.
9*0 A.M. lUiT.M.
10.-00 A. M. I SUNDAYS . 320 P. M.
1130 A. M. I BO«UAY» < i£ar .u.
liSQ P. U. - 5:50 P. sc
2«0 p. M. I 7:10 P. m.
- Fare. Saa rru«tn* to Sommlt tad tatmrn, fl.4«
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., ft Sanaallto Pcrrf.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY,
COOL* r AND DUSTLESS.
Dally Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
Dining Car, Meals a la Carte.
; Library Observation Car. . V
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO"
EASTERN POINTS.
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Ast.. 333 Market sUGRANDSON OP MILLIONAIRE
WHO ENDED HIS PHYSICAL.
SUFFERINGS BY SUICIDE,
KANSAS CITY. July 26.— The Rock Isl
and Hailroad, which at present uses the
Union Pacific tracks between Kansas City
and Topeka, is reported to have made ar
rangements to build a line of its own be
tween the two points, the road to be
completed within a year.
Ne-w Bailroad to be Built.
WIN PURSES
IN THE EAST
Horses That Catch the
Eye of the Judges
for Brackets.
Accidents to Jockeys on the
New York and Butte
Courses.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs — Imp. Al
tiula won. Edith Q Eecond. Magnetic third.
Time. l:22Vi.
DETROIT. Mich.. July 26.— 'Winsor (Ont.)
summary :
First race, four and a half furlonrs. selling-
Huntress won, AH Gray eecond. Matches third.
Time :CS\.
Second race, selling, six furlongs— Lady Cur
znn won. Polly Hlxby second. Pretty Rosle
third. Time, 1:15^,.
Third race, eeven and a half furlongs— Tea.
Gown won. Ecome second. The Bronze Demon
third. Time, l:01H.
Fourth race, selling, one mile— Senator Bev
»rldge won. Callear second. Longfellow third.
Time. 1:S1.
Fifth race, mile and a quarter, selling —
P.ushfleWs won. Ceylon second, Bentley B
third. Time. 2:1S.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Ben O Fal
lon won. Mr. Pomeroy second, B. G. Fox third.
Time, l:19Vs.
BUFFALO. IC. T., July 56.— Fort Erie sum
mary:
First race, six furlongs— Spurs won, Edln
borough second. The Brother third. Time. 1:17.
Second race, four furlongs— W'ananlta won,
Artificial eecond. Laureatte liarke third. Time,
:5*iH-
Third race, five furlongs, heats— First heat:
France Reis won, Algora second, Competitor
third. Second heat— France Reis won. Ida Pen
zance second. Competitor third. Time. 1:03.
Fourth race, five furlonjrs — The Common won.
Mediation eecond. Silk Cord third. Time, 1:03%.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth— Flag of Truce
won. Obstinate eecond. Kaglo third. Time,
1:56%.
BT. LOUIS, July 2«.— Delmar Park Bummary:
First race, five and a half furlonrs. selling—
I^arry Wilt won. Mozzars. second. Ferreno
th B?r'ond rt ra*ce, 'seven furlongs. selllnr-Elsie
Barnes won. Pweet Dreun second, Warren
third. Time. l:S0V4.
Third rare, four and a hsJf furlonrs, purse-
Harry Shaffer won. Lillian M second. Virginian
third. Time, :ES.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs, selling
—Verify won, Sam Laxarui second, Abe Furst
third. Tlmev 1:13%.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Frank Pearee
won. John Morton second, liarrica third. Time.
Sixth race, mile end a sixteenth, selling—
Pecthing won, Carbee eecond. Charles D third.
Time. l:51«4.
BUTTE, Mont., July 26.— In the hurdle
race to-day Gold Dust, rjdden by Mc-
Carthy, and Delgado. ridden by Morrison,
fell at the last jump. Morrison was so
badly Injured tha.t his recovery is doubt
ful. McCarthy escaped with some
bruises. Gold Dust broke a shotrtder and
bad to be shot. Summary:
First race, five and a half furlong*— Lucy
White won. ICed Dennis second, Blanche Shep
pard third. Time. l:10^».
Becond race, ilx furlongs. aelltng-Foul Play
won. Ting eecond. Toribio third. Time. 1:15«4.
Third race, mile and a Blxteenth— K^nova
won. Tlns-a-l'lus second. St. Germain third.
Time, 1:50.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs— Decapo
won. Duckoy second. Admoor third. Time, I:u9.
Fifth race, four furlongs— Mldlove won. High
Hot necond. Honest John third. Time. :t&K.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth— Sam Own
won. Joe Bell second. Ace third. Time. 2:0.'.*.
CHICAGO, July 26.— Hawthorne summary:
First race. »ix furlongs-Hart D won. Flying
Torpedo second. Beauty Book third. Time,
Second race, six furlonjra. selllnc— Malay won.
Margie Davis second. If You Dare third. Time.
l'ISVi
TWrd race, seven furlongs. selllng-McCheg
rtey won. Commissioner Forster second. South
Trimble third. Time. 1:54.
Fourth race one mile, selling— Scotch Plaid
won, Ben XJattle second. Trinity Bell third.
Fifth race, one mile and twenty yards-
Prince niai^o won. Prairie Dog second. Obsid
ian third. Time. 1:4S.
Sixth race, seven furlon«r». selllnir— Plips won.
Brownie Anderson second, Andes third. Time,
l:S3H-
NEW YORK, July 26.-Little Wilkinson,
who was seriously hurt at Aqueduct, had
another bad fall at Brighton Beach to
day. He had the mount on Merriment In
tho third race, and . rounding into the
stretch his horse fell while running in the
middle of the bunch. The boy lay stunned
In the dust while the field ewept on. He
was picked up and later was taken home
In an ambulance. Unless hurt Internally
his Injuries are not considered serious.
Summary:
First race, five furlongs— Schwalbe won, En
rijrht Etsond, Musidera third. Time, 1:01.
Second race, one mile and a sixteenth, eelllng
—Bedeck won, Gertrude Elliott second. Balloon
third. Time. 1:4S. ¦,
Third race, one mile and neventy yards, sell
ing—Fatalist won, Oread second. Armor third.
Time. 1:451-5.
Fourth race, eix furlongs— Fair Knight won,
Francisco second, Lady Sterling third. Time,
1:14 1-6.
Fifth race, mile and an eirhth—Roehamp
tcm won, Wax Taper pecond. Monarka third.
Time, 1:511-5.
Sixth race, fix furlongs. Belling— Ante Lp
won. Mayor Gilroy second. Robert Metcalf
third. Time. 1:13 4-5.
Clever Company Will Goon the Boad.
"A Night at the Circus," the clever
farce-comedy, which scored such a big hit
when produced at the Central Theater
several weeks ago, is to be "put on the road
by Belasco & Thall. The firm is engaged
in booking: the route, which will include
all the territory between this city and
Chicago. One of the very best comedy
organizations ever sent out of this city is
now being rehearsed for the tour. Miss
Georgie Cooper, who so successfully play
ed the dual star role as the 1 Governess and
the Queen of the Arena, will play the
same parts in the road production.
Scatter the golden coin of courtesy
freely' if you> would travel over the road
that leads to success.
Remains of Unfortunate Young Eng
lishman Will Be Interred in
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
The body of Cyril M. Jeffcoat, the young
Englishman who accidentally shot him
self last Wednesday at Lake Tahbe, ar
rived here yesterday. It was learned that
the unfortunate young man was crossing
a creek, when he stumbled and fell. He
was carrying a shotgun at the time, and
as he struggled to his feet the weapon
was in some unexplained way exploded
and the contents lodged in his stomach.
' Jeffcoat' s body was taken to the mor
tuary chapel at Laurel Hill Cemetery yes
terday afternoon and it will be buried to
day. Jeffcoat will be burled according to
tho rites of the Episcopal church, of
which he was a member.
The deceased was employed *by the
Joshua Hendy Machine Works and had
been in the city but four years. He was
a graduate of both Rugby and Cambridge
and comes from one of, tne best lamilies
In England. His parents in that country
have been notified o" his sad ending.
JEFFCOAT'S BODY BROUGHT
BACK FROM LAKE TAHOE
Total saving effected fiscal year 1930
1901 $32,990 12
The Civil Service Commission also Hied
its annual report. - The report states that
the total number of applicants examined
in fifty examinations was 2241, of. which
1138 passed, 1077 failed. ; There were 546 ap
pointments to positions, of which 351 are
now employed.
Sheriff Lackmann filed his annual re
port with the Mayor yesterday, In which
he gives a resume of the administration
of his office for the fiscal year Just ended.
The report shows that the amount of
fees received and paid Into the treasury
was $14,502 45, received for board of United
States prisoners $(5876 40.
Tho most important work done by pris
oners was on the roads. San Jose avenue
has been repaired from the gum trees to
tho county line, a distance of about three
miles, and much work has been done on
the Ocean House and Mission roads, the
value of all the work done being above
$20,000. The following table shows the sav
ing effected this year over the average
cost of subsistence during the six years I
from 1893 to 1899; also the difference in the I
salary roll of the Sheriff's office during
the same period;
Annual cost of subsistence
from 1S33 to 1899 ,\| 46,303 93
Cost of nubslstence ilscal
year .1900-1901 29.630 9S-$lf, 674 97
Annual salaries from 1893 to
1S39 $100,440 13
Salaries fiscal year 1900-1901.. 84,123 00— J16.315 15 .
Large Savings Effected in Expenses
of Office and for Subsistence .
of Prisoners.
SHERIFF FILES ANNUAL
REPORT WITH MAYOR
The engagement between Miss Heyne
man . and Mr. Stephens - was an
nounced early in . May at a dinner given
at the Heyneman home. Mr. Stephens
and Miss Heyneman met some time pre
vious, while the lady wnson a visit to
her uncle, the Mayor of Cincinnati. Mr.
Stephens came on a visit to this coast
with Governor Nash of Ohio and at the
dinner at which the betrothal was made
public, the Governor was an honored
guest. At the time of tho announcement
of tho betrothal it was urranged that the
wedding of the young couple should take
place early in tho fall.
Out at the elegant Heyneman home on
Pacific avenue no explanation is offered.
"The engagement . is . off.V says . Mrs.
Heyneman, "and we' all feel 'It Is best'
that it should be. Our first wish is natu
rally for our daughter's happiness and
she .fully realize^ that. l When the engage
ment was first . announced we all were
happy and thoroughly pleased with the
match. But since then things have, hap
pened." And that is all Mrs. Heyneman
would, say. As for the "things that have
happened," shetreferred the reporter to
Stephens. '
"Wire him. and find out," she volun
teered. "He knows why the engagement
had to be broken off." • , . . ¦ .
Herman Heyneman, the , well-known
tobacco merchant and the father of the
winsome Dorothy,, yesterday issued a
statement to the effect that the engage
ment existing between the young people
was off and also .apprised the luckless
Stephens that he was not destined to be
his ; son-in-law. • But as to the cause of
the breaking off of a match that seemed
to give satisfaction all round not one
word. • - ; ' • . . ,'¦.:•
The engagement existing between Miss
Dorothy Heyneman of this city and Har
ry Stephens of Cincinnati has been
broken and an air of- mystery hovers
round the sudden 7 annulment of the be
trothal of the young couple.
Expectant Groom Apprised
of the Annulment by
Telegraph.
Dorothy Heynemah Not
to Wed Gentleman
From Cincinnati.
FATHER BREAKS
THE ENGAGEMENT
I The house of a tidy woman, and a; mo
tion to adjourn are, always in order. '
Constitution Not Damaged.
BRISTOL, R. I.. July 26.— The Constitu
tion was taken out. on the marine railway
o-day to ascertain what damage, If. any,
ler plating sustained when she struck
i rock off New London Thursday.' No
lamage to her plate whatever could be
round.. '.'•.¦ _ : _ _ ' ' - ••';¦¦-. >
officers should continue the effort to pre
vent the spread of tuberculosis through
milk and meat,, and that, as the doubt
concerning human immunity from bovine
tuberculosis raised by Dr. Koch is of
vital importance to the public health and
tho agricultural interests of the country
the Government should immediately insti
tute a rigid Inquiry into the identity of
human and bovine tuberculosis.
Other resolutions passed indorsed the
?ducatlonal work of the national societies
toward the prevention of tuberculosis and
Invited legislation in support of i this
work. The appointment of a permanent
international committee to collect evi-
Jence literature and recommend
means for the prevention of tuberculosis
was advocated. The members of the
•ommittee are to be named by the various
Governments from national societies.
ng the notification of the proper authori
les In cases of phthisis and the use of
locket spittoons, . asserting that these
:anitary provisions were indispensable In
irder-to diminish tuberculosis.
A resolution was adopted expressing tho
iplnion • of the congress that health
Tuberculosis Congress
Recommends . Sani- ' .
tary Measures.
+i —
LONDON, July 26.— At the final meet
ing of the congress of tuberculosis held
to-day under the presidency of Lord Der
by, resolutions were adopted In favor, of
legislation toward suppression of expect
toration In public places and recommend-
PLANS TO AID
CONSUMPTIVES
Hot Wave Gradually
Breaking in Middle
"West.
• — . — •
WASHINGTON. July 2G.— The past
twenty-four hours -probably have been
the most favorable to the States of the
corn belt since 'the existing hot wave be
gan, nearly forty days ago. Rains, gener
ally light in amount, have fallen In West
ern Kansas, Western Nebraska, South
western Missouri, Central Iowa, Arkan
sas and a little in Oklahoma, and tho
prospects seem to be favorable for a con
tinuation , to-morrow of more showers In
the section covered by these States and
Territories.
On Sunday showers are looked for in
Northern Illinois and Northern , Indiana.
Still, there has been no general rain, of
which the crops stand" in so much need,
and there are no immediate prospects of
any. On the whole, the Weather Bureau
officials here regard the situation as some
what Improved. •'
Incidental to the rains, the tempera
tures officially reported to-day were some
what lower than yesterday. However
they ranged from 92 to 100 in the corn
belt. Conditions will remain practically
the same In the drought section during
Saturday and Sunday, and the weather
will continue very hot, with the possibil
ity of relief from scattered thunder
storms. •¦ ¦:¦
In the Dakotas and Montana there has
not been any rain of importance in the
past twenty-four hours, but temperatures
have been a little lower. There were good
heavy rains last night In Wisconsin, In
lower Michigan and in Northern Ohio and
fair rains In New York.
• • TOPEKA, Kans.', July 26.— General rains
throughout Kansas to-day have caused
an effectual* break In the drought. The
rains came too late to be of material ben
efit to the corn, but will result in plenty
of stock water and. give new life 1 to. the
pastures. * The -scarcity of water In some
of the smaller cities: had rot to be a seri
ous problem, as there was not enough
of it for ordinary drinking purposes. -The
rain in Topeka* lasted an hour this after-
SHOWERS SHED
ON DRY FIELDS
Some men imagine there is no account
ing for tastes until they are called upon to
foot a dressmaker's bill.
Coroner Leland and his deputies stated
yesterday that from the facts reported to
them in connection with the death of
Breckinridge they felt satisfied that the
suicide was caused by mental suffering,
due to sickness and pain.
No arrangements have been made as yet
by tho Tevis family for the funeral of
Breckinridge. Tho deceased was 23 years
old and was the grandson of tho late cap
italist, Lloyd Tevis. His mother was a
daughter of the capitalist and his father
was John W. Breckinridge, a prominent
lawyer. The parents of young Breckin
ridge separated some years after their
marriage. Breckinridge Sr. died in Mer
ced May 2, 1SS2. Mrs. Breckinridge had
previously secured a divorce from him
and married Fred Sharon. Mrs. Sharon
and her daughter are now residing in
Paris, France, and news of the death of
her son was cabled. to her early yesterday
morning.
. Dr. Tevis said yesterday that there was
no truth In the statement that there had
been any family disagreement Just prior
to the death of Breckinridge.
Cella Kavanagh, a servant in the Tevis
mansion, and Charles Teller, a footman,
stated yesterday that Breckinridge had
been in a depressed mood since his return
from Monterey, but as he was not of a
cheerful disposition his depression had not
caused any comment.
room. Breckinridge was covered with the
bedclothes.
Dr. Harry Tevis, uncle of the deceased,
stated yesterday to Deputy Coroner Me-
Cormack that his nephew had threatened
to end his life owing to the spinal trouble
and paralysis from which he suffered.
William Lathim. the butler at the Tevis
mansion, said yesterday that Breckin
ridge 'had been In a despondent mood
since his return from Monterey three
weeks ago. On Thursday evening Breck
inridge called Lathim and asked him to
bring a glass of water to his room. An
hour later, when Lathim went to summon
Breckinridge to dinner, he received no re
sponse. Dr. Harry Tevis was notified, and I
the door of his nephew's room was broken
in. Breckinridge was found lying on the
bed, fullv dressed and dead. One end of
a rubber tube was in his mouth and the
other was connected with a gas jet in the
The jury impaneled by the Coroner was
taken to the house yesterday afternoon
to view the body of the suicide. An in
quest will be held this morning at 10
o'clock at the Coroner's office. The jury
is composed of the following citizens: W.
B. Gelatte, Tenth and Market streets; L.
F. Weaver. 1701" Market street; George
Destague. 1S0S Market street; Herman
Guntz, 1253 Market street; Charles Huf
schmidt, 1235 Market street; T. M. Car
roll. 1528 Maiket street: C. G. Dean. 1502
Market street; C. F. O'Nell, Seventh and
Market streets: Joseph Grace. 1458 Market
street, and A. Christenscn, 24 Tenth
street.
Autopsy Surgeon Baclgalupi performed
an autopsy yesterday afternoon on the
body of young Breckinridge at the Tevis
residence. The autopsy showed that death
was due to carbon monoxide poisoning,
following the inhalation of illuminating
gas.
No disposition was shown by any mem
ber of the Tcvls family yesterday to keep
back any Information In connection with
the tragic end of young Breckinridge.
The fullest Information was given to Cor
oner Leland and his deputies. The state
ments that mystery was hovering over
the Tevis mansion on Taylor and Jackson
streets have no foundation.
A CAREFUL investigation of the
details surrounding the death of
Lloyd Tevl« Breckinridge shows
that tho grandson of tho late cap
italist ended his life owing to
sickness.
Runs responsible for — Evans 3. Jones 1. Home
run — Hutchlnson. Two-bas« hits — Reitz, Kelly.
Schwarts 2. Nordyke. Spies. Sacrifice hits—
Hutchlnson. Kelly. First base on errors— San
Francisco 2, Los Angeles 2. First base or.
called balls— San Francisco 3, Los Angeles 1.
Left on bases — San Francisco 7, Los Angeles 8.
Struck out — By Jones 6, by Evans 6. ', Time of
game— 1:53. Umpire— Leyy.
SUMMARY.
Base hits 1 11010110-6
Lou An*eles 2 0 1 1 0 0 0 * •— 4
Bare hits 2 112 10 10 •— 8
San Francisco 0 10 0 10 0 0 0—2
Totals 34 2 6 0 24 6 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
' AB. R. BH. SD. TO. A. E.
Brockhoft, r. f 4 0 1 ' 0 1 1:1
RHts. 2b 4 2 3 0 6. SO
Hutchlnson. lb 2 1 5 0 « 0 0
Householder, c. t 4 0 O 0 1 o;o
Dovman, 1. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
C. Rellly, 3b 4 0 0 0 3 3 1
Fptes. c 4 1118 0 0
Kelly, s. s J 0 1 0 0 6 0
Jones, p 8 0 00 0 2 1
Totals 32 ~4 8 ~1 27 14 "s
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll. c. f 5 0 0 0 2 0 0,
Hildebrand. I. f 4 110 2 0 1
Schwartz. 2b 4 O 2 0 1 1 1
Pabst, lb 4 0 1 0 7 10
Krusr. b. s 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Nordyke. r. f 4 0 10 3 0 0
J. Rellly. 3b 4 10 0 2 10
Graham, c 2 0 10 6 0 1
Evans, p 3= 0 0 0" 1 3 0
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES. July 26.— Bunched hits,
aided by Schwartz's error, gave Los An
geles enough runs to win. San Francisco
could not connect with Jones' curves
consecutively. Score:
Local Stickmcn.
Twlrler Jones Was Too Much for
LOS ANjGELES WINS.
errors— Sacramento 1, Oakland 1. First base on
called ballo — Sacramento !. Oakland 2. Left
on bases — Sacramento 6, Oakland 10. Struck
out— By Thomas 2, by Mosklman 8. Hit by
pitcher— McCarthy, Arrellanes, Strelb. Double
play— Devenaux to Courtney to Hanlon. Time
of same— 1:80. Umpire— Graves. Ofllclal scorer—
McFarlln. ••
SUMMARY.
Run responsible for— Thomas 1. Sacrifice
hits— Mosklman. Frnnck*. First base on
AB. R. BH. SB. rO. A. 13.
Devereaux. ss 4 0 I 0 1 8 0
McLaughlln, If 3 0 1 0 6 0 0
Courtney, Sb 4 0 "1 0 1 4 0
Doyle, rf 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Hanlon, lb... ........ 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Stanley, c S 0 1 0 S 1 0
Sheehan. 3b 8 0 0 0 0 8 0
McGucken. cf S 0 1 0,1 0 0
Thomas, p 8 0 " 0 0 0 1 1
Totals SO ' 0 1 0 24 li 1
OAKLAND. " . ¦
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
McCarthy. If 3 0 112 0 0
Lohman, c 4 0 10 5 4 0
Strt«lb. lb S 0 0 0 10 0 0
Khk-rii. Sb 4 0 10 0 10,
l>unieavy. cf 4 0 0 0 10 0
Francks, si 3 0 2 0 4 6 0
Arrellanes, Sb 8 0 0 18 2 1
nabbltt. r. f 2 10 0 10 0
Mosklman. p ! 0 1 0 1 1 0
Total* 2S 1*6 2 27 13 1
RUNS AND HIT8 BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 00000000— 0
Hase hits 120111000-6
Oakland 0 0 100000*— 1
Bate hits 10110111*— 6
SACRAMENTO.
Hodson was not In the • box for the
Dudes yesterday and they won. , The Ill
luck* that mantles the Ewlngltes breaks
when the best Dude twlrler of them all
looks on the game from afar. One to
nothing was the score, and It represents
a game In which errors were reduced to
a minimum and ,the pitchers were the
planetary stars about which all revolved.
Thomas conducted the Senatorial fight.
He was well up In twists and curves and
¦surprised the fanatics by his consistent,
noiseless delivery. The Dudes connected
for a half dozen hits, and. as luck woulu
have It, scored a single run In the third
Inning. Dr. Mosklman, stood In the box
for the Brummels and when the game was
passed and done scurried off the field with
a record a little better than that of the
Senators' twlrler. ( ,
In the third inning Oakland scored Its
only run. Babbitt on a base on balls
reached the Initial bag and went a step
further on Mosklman's sacrifice. Then
McCarthy, who relieved Drennan on ac
count of a death In the family, rolled the
spheroid through the pitchers feet Into
deep center Rnd the only rurl of the day
was scored. The score:
Oakland 1, Sacramento 0.
Few Errors and Little Hitting
Characterize Second
Game. ,
Pitchers Struggle For .a
Victory Which Goes
to Oakland.
DUDES CAPTURE
CLOSE CONTEST
THE SAOST FRANCISCO CAL.L, SATURDAY, JULY 27, 1901V
Physical- Suffering.. Undoubtedly. Caused the Young
V Man to End His Life, and Statements Made by
Relatives Show He Had Premeditated Suicide
NO MYSTERY SURROUNDS DEATH
OF LLOYD TEVIS BRECKINRIDGE
noon.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. IN THE STATE OP
,,Prussla, on the Slst day of December. A. D.
1900. and for the year ending on that day. aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
I State of California, pursuant to the provisions
I of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed aa per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
. c « n $750.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $334,139 87
Loans on Bonds and Mortgage* 1.260 018 01
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds o*ned by Company 1,824 850 6S
Cash In Company's Ofnce 1,693 51
Cash In Banks S42.431 37
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7.247 M
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 2S8.403 42
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 433,283 53
Total Assets .£ $4,750,118 31
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $533,751 61
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $ ;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,631,751 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, J ;
reinsurance pro rata 2D9.935 39
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 75a 00
All other liabilities 238.943 39
Total Liabilities $2,775,152 17
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Fire-
premiums $4,410,781 60
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 47.700 71
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources M.372 31
Received for Rents 17,801 93
Received from all other sources.... 34.503 23
Total Income $4,574,953 94
EXPENDITURES. ''
Net amount paid for Fir* Losses ,
(Including $842,046 66, losses of pre-
vious years) $3,047.007 41
Dividends to Stockholders 125.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
1 Brokerage .„.. 800.024 97
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 173.1SI 17
Paid for State, National and Local
taxts ; 80.251 01
All other payments and expendi-
tures : 173.243 M
Total Expenditure $4,493,708 53
H. VATKE, President.
• > BERNDT. Vlc« President.
Subscribed and sworn to before m« this 8ta
day of April. 1901. MAX J. BUELER.
U. S. Consul.
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers,
303 CALIFORNIA ST.
DOUGLAS B. WATSON, City Agent,
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
S.FIGEL&SON.Y.D EHRHARDT
'•/'¦¦* SOLICITORS. »
REFEREE SALE.
By Order of G. H. UMBSEJf, Sole Referee.
At auction at our salesroom, MONDAY, July
29. 1901, 12 o'clock noon, the
TWO 5O-VARAS '
Fronting on Stockton street, between North
Point and Beach streets, 137:8x273.
' For further particulars apply
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
THE WEEKLY CALL
3>1 jp©r Year.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND, AFFAIRS
OF THE
Wilhelma of Magdeburg
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. IN THE STATE OF
Prussia, on the Slst day of December. A. D.
1000. and for the year endlns on that day. as
made to the • Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to tho provisions*
of rections 610 and. 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL^
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash J73O.00O0O
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $918,766 43
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 9,305,130 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and HoikIs owned by Company.... 41,835 73
Cash in Company's Offlco 6.035 11
Cash In Banks 66.4S1 70
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 176 93
Premiums In due Course of Collec- ¦
¦ tion 621.43183
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 10,590 8S
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 1.169,539 43
Total Assets U2.230.1S 24
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or -
in Suspense - $34,863 50
Gross Premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. S ....;
reinsurance 100 per cent 31.143 00
Gross, premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent 7S.43O 50
Liability under other Branches 10,799,262 13
Cash Dividends remaining unpaid. 51S 23
Duo for Reinsurances 21,808 97
Total Liabilities ...$11,024.03137
INCOME. .
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $575,673 93
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages :. 360,500 63
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 68.538 3S
Received from all other sources.... 2,498,036 40
Total Income $3,492,769 39
EXPENDITURES. , ~
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ losses of pre-
vious ye*rs) $498,938 53
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 85,740 01
raid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 23.763 27
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes •• 3.319 28
AH other payments and expendi-
tures «• 1,493,37120
Total Expenditures S2.U6.132 37
Marine.
Losses Incurred during the year... $320.S51 23
Marina
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durinjr the <
year S.229.:$4.3a $669,92167
Net amount of Risks
erplred . durintc the
year • 228,518.170 658.496 21
Net amount In force
December 31. 1900 8.9S8.304 107.573 SO
TH. DAMMANN, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th
day of May. MOT. - -
WILHELM HUMBERT, Notary Public
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers,
303 CALIFORNIA ST.
$100 REWARD!
A reward of $100 will be paid for such Infor-
mation as will lead to the arrest and convic-
tion of the party that assaulted ERIC G. ROB-
ERTS at tho corner^ of , First and Howard
streets on' Tuesday,- July 16. 1901.
UNION GAS ENGINE CO.
" -
Fels-Naptha -soap is the no-
back-ache soap as well as the
money-back soap. ,,. j j
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Special Excursion.
' The Santa Fe will sell round-trip tickets to
Stockton 'en Saturday, July 27th.~ Limited to
return Sunday or Monday. You can - buy one
for 12.00.
¦ ' • ¦ ¦ '• ••¦.¦'
REAL f ESTATE AGENTS,
5 Montgomery ave.
THOMAS rMAGEE & SONS,
. Northeast corner Broadway and Pierce
St.; -62% feet front on north line Broad-
way, by VXiy* feet deep on east. line Pierce
st.; Broadway is bitumlnized. -r *
FINE BAY VIEW
BRQADWAYCGRNER
Hale's. . | Hale's.
Uxicomrzioxi offers j$**^, m * w a r -5r — "^
ptyjusn. shrrfWMsts
Our shirt waist business wouldn't be so. large if there wasn't something
uncommon about the waists. The prices are either uncommonly low, the
making uncommonly careful, the cloth uncommonly good or the styles
uncommonly chic. Of none is this more emphatically true than of these
Fancy Percales or White Lawn Waists at 45c
The percales' are in pretty stripes and figures. Those of WHITE ULWU
have pleatedi backs and fronts. Both styles have laundered collars, flare cuffs.
Only three sizes, though— 32, 34 and 36 inches.
75c Each. 95c Each.
Fancy percale waists In pink 'and blue Striped Madras waists In, blu*. pink.
„.,„„„. i o , iri j a _ a j ««ji«_ „„_. „«.#* „,,*„. hello and ox-blood: French backs, soft
stripes; laundered collar, new soft cuffs; Blshop sleevMt felle<i all
finished seams; sizes 32 to 44. . . ... sizes.
Women's Stylish Neckwear, 68c.
And our neckwear 'business is receiving: unusual attention. The new things
come in and go out so quickly that it' keeps us busy getting other new things.
We Always Have Bright New Pieces.
Take for example this stock and Jabot mad© of liberty silk; trimmed with
narrow silk Juby trimming, which you may have In either white, cream, black.
pink, blue, heliotrope, lavender or cardinal for 6Sc. -
Also a rew lot « f
Lace All-Over Collars. GSc— They are In the popular Venlse and Arabian
shades. According to the regular standards they'd b« a dollar; according to ours
they are 6Sc.
Lawn Top Collars, 15c— In fancy open-work and embroidered designs; very
pretty, very attractive.
35c and 50c Mousseline de Sole 17c.
It's a yard wide: comes in two shades of reseda, two of old rose- and <fern
color. In the* regular way It sells for 35c and 50c; in the irregular way, 17c.
IPfe . JtieHB' "Hit
• /yf «?73 we A now of-- V-r
— and our glove Ideas are above \— «
\~~ »the average. We don't let one »
&/?• via strong point blind us to the weak (,. ?$&<
( tfrh, • sOJw ««'«• We may have the prettiest t/zS^v iTb^'-X 1
ftfP l-'W? K lov e made, but if it cracks or '
r*jO/^/) !y tcars o f lo ses » ts shape its pretti- /!v (Wv'A* 1^;
uKrl^k ness goes for naughtv We were M»\\*u»'£
I fj > j &) years before we could find an all- yA VjdWv'
i/d%JPr' /fr/ round glove to sell for a dollar. \>^ Vrr >•
*+vv % And then we had to watch it A v^»£
TjsZ /y through its different stages of % (|\
|O>^cWh making. That was the only way a
n^£i/^Vr A we could be sure of giving a full j\ /Br^S3^
<fc J V (3 1 d°1' ar 's- worth of satisfaction. j rj $&j!r
' ' I Tnat's why we are so bold to I va*"^ I
say we'll
Replace Any Pair That Goes Wrong.
In two years we've replaced nine or ten — and we've sold up into thou-
sands of pairs.
They have. two clasps and come In these stylish shades: Tan, mode, brown,
red, gray, blue, violet, white, pearl and black at X1.0O.
DOES CLUB LIFE UNFIT A
WOMAN FOR HOME LIFE?
A DAY WITH THE SOUTHERN fl P Yl
PACIFIC PAY CAR. 11 V A I
BBBIIBBIB
THE PANAMA HAT IS NOW
THE FAD.
THE ACTORS OF THE FAT DEVIL
BY SARAH COMSTOCK.
Inside Information as to How the Raids in Chinatown Are Made.
' y
HOW THE MONEY IN THE
MINT IS COUNTED.
DRESSES FOR THE SIMMER Sfifm/IV
i •¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
AMONG THE NATIVES OF NEW
ZEALAND.
"FOR LOVE OF A WOMAN."
BY HOVAED R. HURLBUT. * - ;. V ¦
One of the Strongest Stories of the Day.
FASHIONS, FICTION AVD
BOOXS.;^
PAGES OF HUMAN INTEREST P n 1 f .
j stories. yalL
THE SUND4Y CALL LEADS ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•'
v % THEM ALL.SOME OF THE PROMINENT MEM
BERS OF THE ORDER OF WOOD
MEN OF THE WORLD.
Several women of Eastern cities want to cross the
Atlantic Ocean . in a small boat. As they appear to
have dispositions which indicate that they may do
something more desperate they should be permitted
to take the trip.
GREAT PACIFICATOR-N. H.. City.
"Great Pacificator" was the name applied
to Henry Clay on account of his propen
sity for suggesting compromise for set
tling disputes.
SNEAK. IN WHIST-S. and R., Bodle.
Cal. 1 There is tuch a term in whSst as
"Sneak,", but it is not a sneak for a player
to lead a lone trump.
scales and Is very .soft, Its whole sub
stance abounding in oil, which Is obtained
from it by pressure. It Is never eaten.
Bryan wasted so much of his vocabulary on the
Supreme ; Court .decisions of the island , cases that he
can't'do justice to. the Ohio platform. ' '¦ > ¦/¦ :
Richard Croker has quit the American turf once
and for all. He would- confer a boon upon the rest of
us by leaving American politics as well.
A woman lawyer of Philadelphia insists that one
of her sex should. have a place on the bench. The
lady probably feels that her destiny is iv make mis-,
erable the life of man. ;> '
A New Jersey court has determined in a decision
of much legal lorethat it is technically cruelty for a
wife to spit in her husband's face. He might have
added that under some conditions .it would be suicide.
The wife, of a Chicago millionaire * is living in a
stable; while her new palace is being built: It is need
less to say 'that the stable is more magnificent in its
appointments than are most mansions.
A grocery clerk in Wilmington claims to be the
rightful heir to the British throne and intends to go
to London to fight' for his birthright, itc will prob
ably make an insane asylum a way station on the
journey. , . v
But is this theory or hypothesis probably true?
How much of it remains after, applying to it observa
tions which every one can^make? If the theory 'were
true, what would happen? All places in the northern
hemisphere in the same altitude and latitude, and
where, therefore, the sun's rays strike the earth in the
same angle and atmosphere, being exposed to- the
same gush of heat, would suffer equally. If not, then
why not?" Why should the temperature the same day
and hour be, at Davenport 104, Des Moines 100, In-
In dramatic language he describes the envelope of
the sun again as a blanket, and if stripped off .entirely
"the surface of the earth would probably burst into
smoke and flame in the instantaneous gush of unbear
able heat that would be poured upon it." Let us hope
the sun. will not kick off its blanket. „ ... 1
This pundit, whose name is Serviss and who lives
in modern Ithaca, declares with a confidence which
we share that "the source of this trouble is the sun."
Zoroaster discovered, several years ago, that the sun
is the apparent," physical cause of life, since lacking
its light and heat there would be no life, and Profes
sor Serviss will concede the formula, "no life, no
trouble." . ; . " . *",;•
a LEARNED professor has apparently syndi
/\ cated a theory about the present prolonged heat
A *-tcrm in the East. Perhaps the term theory or
hypothesis will not properly characterize the positive
statement of his views. One reading them and hav
ing no knowledge of the subject, nor equipment for
applying thereto daily observations that arc within
the experiences of all men, may well be expected to
treat them as facts, since on their face they arc slated
as facts would be. }
Briefly, this professor says that the sun is a variable
star, that the intensity of its light and heat is variable.
He describes these fluctuations as a disease, of which
sun spots arc the symptoms, just as the pustules in
smallpox and the rash in measles arc symptomatic of
disease in man. , Believing the sun to have ah' in
closing envelope or crust which keeps back a per
centage of its heat, this crust, likened to the human
skin, cracks, breaks, falls apart and lets out the full
intensity of the fires behind it, he attributes to this
solar skin disease the heat which afflicts the children
of men on this planet. '
THEORIES OP HEAT.
It is reported from Washington that the pneumatic
dj'namite guns which were recently set up for de
fense at this port and at New York have been found
objectionable by the Board of Ordnance and a rec
ommendation has been made that the use of that type
of gun be abandoned. Any citizen who desires a
dynamite gun for his collection of curios may yet
have an opportunity "to buy one at the price of old
junk.
"The British Government has issued a
b l u ?», b0 2, k vin « the »osses and expenses
of the Boer war."
"Well. I should think that really would
be a blue book."— Pittsburg Chronicle.
"Is every hair in your head numbered,
grandpa?"
"Yes; my child."
"Well grandpa," said the little fellow,
as he contemplated the great bald spot,
"you haven't .got much of a head for
figures."— Yonkers Statesman.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Some folks' talk," said Uncle Eben, "is
like a bunch of firecrackers. It mokes a
big splutter, but dar ain* nuffln' to show
foh It."— Washington Star.
The ritualistic work of the order is impressive, the charges
of the several officers being full of those lessons that go far
toward making strangers who enter the forest better men
not only In their relations with their families but with the
world at large. It Is believed that John E. Plumley, the
famous old guide, who died in May. 1900. at the age of 73,
Known to the world as the guido of the Adirondack Mountains,
is responsible indirectly, for the ideas embodied in tne ritual.
Many of them are those of the old guide, and the/ teach what
ho declared the forests gave him by inspiration. The name by
which every member is known In the order is "neighbor";
¦with the old guide every one to him was a "neighbor," and
thens are many parts of the secret work of the order which
may be traced to him. .•:-<• r
The Woodmen of the World Is an organization that oneo
formed part of the fraternity of Modern Woodmen of America
that was instituted in 1SS3. The present order was founded in
1S90 and is now In the front rank of great fraternal beneficiary
societies. Its objects are to inculcate a spirit of fraternal
brotherhood among the members, provide assistance in case
of sickness or distress, attend to the burial of the dead and
erect monuments over the graves of deceased neighbors at a
cost of $100 each and to provjjje a beneficiary fund for the
widow, orphan or relatives of a deceased member. Since its
organization, ten years ago. It has paid • J7.196.075 In benefits.
the latest published report showing that during the last fiscal
year the. amount distributed was about $1,000,000.
Origin of tlie Order.
The Idea of a monster initiation in California originated
•with Deputy \ Head Consul Mertan C. Allen of Golden Gate
Camp, who, after communication with Head Organizer Tem
ple, submitted his plan to Head Consul Falkenberg of Denver,
Colo., who at once approved of it and gave his sanction to
have the idea put into operation. The idea got out and spread
all over the Pacific Coast jurisdiction and steps were taken to
have, such initiations at different points in August. Thero will
be one on Mount Tabor, Oregon, when it is expected that 1000
strangers will be added to the membership of that State.
There will be a similar initiation in other places, where there
will be additions of from one hundred to five hundred. A"he
first of these will be held at Coeur d'Alene to-night; the next
-will be at Tabor Mountain, Oregon, August 3; then California's
initiation at Fernbrook August 10; at Boulder, Colo., the same
night; Taconia, Wash., .August 24, and Seattle August 31. Tho
Pacific Coast jurisdiction is composed of California, Colorado,
Montana, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, Washington and Wyomlnjf.
Great credit Is due State Organizer Temple for the work on
hand, Neighbor Temple having made the best record of any
field worker.
will be added to by the camps from Sonoma and Marin coun
ties, and they will proceed to the mole by ferry, where they
will be joined by the aggregation of neighbors and candidates
front the camps across the bay.
Honflres will be lighted on the evening: of the 10th on Mount
Tamalpais. and the park will be illuminated with incandescent
lights and innumerable Japanese lanterns.
BRAZIL-M. J. P., City. For informa
tion about the movement of steamers and
fares from Brazil to European ports you
should write to Eugene Senger, United
States Consul at Rio de Janeiro. The ex
change for British money in Brazil is not
definite, for It fluctuates.
REGISTRATION— R., City. To enable
those who cannot find time or opportunity
to be registered in the daytime the Reg
istrar's office, In the basement of the City
Hall, San Francisco, will be open even
ings at 7:30 o'clock for two hours Until it
is time _to close registration for the ap
proaching election.
ADMISSION TO THE BAR-S.' A. M.,
City. The Legislature at its last held ses
sion passed a bill making changes in the
matter of admission to the* bar, but It did
not meet \with the approval of the Gov
ernor, therefore: did not become a law.
Candidates for 'admission to: practice in
the courts of the : State must*appear.be
fore a committee for examination as to
their fitness and knowledge. ; ¦ -. .¦ .
OILY FISH— A.- S., City. -The oily, fish
of Asia., is called Golomynka. It is a re
markable fish found only in Lake Baikal,
the only known species of its ; genus,
which belongs to 4 the goby family. , It is
about . twelve inches long 1 ," is destitute :cf
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
will bo closed In on nil sides during the .
Initiatory work. Fifty policemen, all members of the order,
will be on the grounds. F"our bands will furnish music for the
occasion, and there will be a competitive drill for prizes be
tween degree teams of Mission, Golden Gate, Alpha and Oak
land camps.
The pavilion will be lavishly decorated with trees, flags and
colors of the order.
This great initiatory ceremony will be conducted by the
organization department. State Organizer Temple will offici
ate as consul commander. City Organizer Allen as post com
mander. District Organizer Ledford as adviser lieutenant,' City
Organizer Weinert as banker and District Organizer Connell as
escort.
There will be a mammoth parade In San Francisco and also
in Oakland. The parade in Oakland: will start from "Woodmen
block and will march down to First street and Broadway to
meet the Oakland special at 7:15 p. t m.
. . Much Interest in Local Camps.
Nothing in the fraternal circles of San Francisco has been
the subject of so much discussion as have been the prepara
tions that have been made for the monster. Initiation In the
forest at Fernbrook. It h.is been the topic of discussion in all
' the local camps; the officers of the camps have urged the mem
bers to action, so that the desired number, 1500, may be secured
by the time set for the event. The Individual members have
been buttonholing their friends and acquaintances who are
notmember3 of the order to come in and become neighbors of
woodcraft, the camp physicians hifve been busy devoting many
spare hours to examining eligibles who have signed applica
tion blanks, and the grand medical examiner has been obliged
to devote his whole time to revising the reports of the camp
¦physicians. , .
The camps that are interested In the movement, in San
Francisco are Golden Gate, California, Tamalpais, San Fran
cisco, Western Addition, Calumet, Mission, Redwood and Rich
mond. Each of these camps has arranged for headquarters
in the Fernbrook forest, and on the night of the 10th of Au
gust there will be a grand reunion at Pioneer Hall, from which
the procession will . move to 'tho ferry landing. Tamalpais
Camp will have Its own brass 1 band in line, and California
Camp will turn out with its hayseed band, a burlesque musical
organization of thirty; -all nttired as grangers, with hayseed
In their hair nnd "straw In their shoes. It will be under the
leadership of Bandmaster Page, who has spent many weary
hours teaching them tho mystery of musical discord. This
special organization will bo escorted to the ferry by a genuine
brass band of twenty pieces.
Special Features for Parade.
• The other camps are arranging for .special features for the
procession to tho Union depot, but they, will not at this times
announce what those features are to be. It Is expected that
Golden Gate Camp, which already has a membership of more
»than 1400, .will. turn out a very largo number to escort about
250 candidates. The other camps will have from fifty to one
hundred candidates each. At tho Union depot the procession
THE eleventh anniversary of the
Woodmen of the "World will bo cel
ebrated on the evening of August
10 at Fernbrook Park, Alameda
County, with a remarkable Initia
tion!. About 1500 candidates -will be taken
into the order.
The ceremony will bo under the auspices
of the camps of the ninth and . eleventh
districts and a few from the eighth. This
initiation will make "Woodmen of the larg
est number ever initiated In any one night
by any one order.
Every camp represented at the park will
have its headquarters in a large tent. The^
pavilion, which is the largest in the State,
For that very reason others besides the fat capital
ists invest in their securities. The Mail need not draw
on its imagination tor innumerable widows and or
phans and eleemosynary institutions supported by in
vestment in gas and water stock. That, we admit,
has nothing to do with the discussion, but it has as
much as the Mail's Mardi Gras picture of fat capital
ists.
The Mail draws a picture of conditions here to suit
itself, which indicates envy of others. It says: "If
San Francisco owned her own water works, for ex
ample, many a sleek and well-fed and fat capitalist
would have to look elsewhere than to the consumers
of water for his monthly income. Water and gas
stocks are gilt-edged securities in San Francisco.
You can get money on them quicker and easier than
on the best real estate. The banks will tell you so."
All that The Call is doing is challenging denial of
the. statement that in the administration of public
utilities municipal waste equals corporate profit. As
in each case the cost comes out of the people, they
will be paying the same directly and indirectly, and
under municipal ownership will add to the waste the
temptation to corruption. Plus this, the new policy
is at a disadvantage. There is no personal motive
behind this challenge.
The Mail then proceeds to an analogy between a
sewer system and a water supply, supposing the
sewers to be in public ownership. But the analogy
fails because sewers are constructed not at the cost
of the general public but at that of those who use
them by a frontage tax. Main sewers are built at the
expense of the district drained. The citizen who owns
no realty pays nothing for a sewer. While the sewers
are built out of the private and'not the public pocket,
the 'public, the government, takes the money and
spends it for that purpose under its police power, and
the history of «uch expenditure is that from one-third
to one-half of it is wasted in administration. There
have been casts ig which the mere advertising of a
sewer and for bids for its construction has cost more
than the material and labor to do the job. This fact
is stated not to promote the idea that corporations
should build sewers and charge for their use, but to
again illustrate the ever present' fact of government
waste. After the private purse has built the sewer
the municipality "pretends to take care of it, with the
result that there is hardly a mile of sewer in any
American city that is in condition to do its service
five years after its construction. In like manner
streets arc paved at the cost of abutting frontage.
The realty owners make the street at their private
cost, and the city assumes to take care of it. Result,
the property created at the expense of individuals is
kept in a state too unclean for decent use, and is per
mitted to rapidly deteriorate and go to waste.
THE Stockton Mail devotes much space to what
it seems to think is a discussion of public owner
ship of public utilities, but it mistakes a reit
erated personal attack on the" proprietor of The Call
for discussion of an abstract principle or a concrete
policy. Generalizing from the supposed personal
state of the owner of this paper, the Mail concludes
that whatever we say about public ownership has be
hind it the personal motive. As well might the Mail
say that if a man proceed to demonstrate that the
hemp crop is unprofitable it is because he had a rela
tive hanged. The profit of the hemp fiber is a fact
demonstrable in the nature of things, and that hemp
rope has choked a felon has nothing to do with the
matter.
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
The 'bosses from highest to lowest perceive the
danger that threatens their hold on' politics and on
their following, and are making a determined effort
to win. They have formed a strong combination, for
Hcrrin and Kelly arc not weak, and accordingly the
advocates of good government and honest politics
must organize to combat them. Much has been
already accomplished in that direction, but the work
should not be permitted to lag. Every member of a
Republican League Club should work diligently to
bring in new members. The whole mass of stanch
and stalwart Republicans should be brought to the
polls, on election day to uphold true Republicanism
and smash the bosses. That is the oivly way to save
the party. It is the only way to assure good govern
ment for San Francisco.
The gross evils growing out of corruption at the
primaries developed the public demand for a primary
election law and have at last brought about the en
actment-of such a measure. In this contest, there
fore, every good citizen finds himself able to com
bat the boss with an effective weapon. There are to
be no more scandals of force and fraud in the control
of primaries. If the predatory, gangs win this time it
will be only because the better elements of the people
are too sanguine of victory to take the trouble to go
to the polls to assure it.
From the first the stronghold of the boss has been
the primaries. Those elections have been subject to
fraud and violence to such an extent that good men
have taken comparatively little interest in them be
cause they knew that no matter how the vote went
the tools of the boss who controlled the primary
would force the result to suit his schemes.
WITH the movement now going on to rid
the Republican party of "the predatory
bosses who have been preying upon it every
gpod citizen is concerned. It means honest politics
for the party, and it means good government for the
city. If it be successful it will bring benefits to every
class of people in the community outside of tax
eaters and tax-shirkers.
Foreign critics of our governmental affairs have
united in "declaring that municipal government is the
weak point in our system. It is in that arena the boss
is most potent and his gangs most pernicious. San
Francisco is one of the cities that have suffered most
from* such creatures, and what has been done in the
past will be repeated in the future unless the boss
and his henchmen be driven out of politics.
KEEP UP THE WORK.
• The nations have agreed that. China is to pay
23,000,000 taels a year, and that most of it is to be
collected by a salt tax; and now if that much talked
of international salt trust be formed, the average
Chinaman will have to live on fresh food for many a
year. Salt fish will be a luxury. ; : .
SATURDAY JULY V> '*»
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Adtrtis All Commualentlont to W. S. LEAIK, Xuagtr.
MANAGER'S OKFICIB Telepnone Pp *""J~^
I'tliLlCATION^FFlCBTrrMnriwt nnd Third, 9. F.
Telephone- Press 201*
nntTOniAL ROOMS 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 203.
' Dellrered l»y Carrier*. IB Cent* Per Week.
PlncJe Copies. 8 Cent*.
Terra* far Mali. Including f'omtntset
CAXLT CALL (Including Sunday). on» year t«.W
DATLT CALL (lncludinr Sunday), « month« 'W
DAItT CALL. cincludlr.K Sunday). S months 1-M
r»ATX.T CAtJ>— By Single Month •"e
TONDAT CAXJ* One Tear 1 - 80
WEEXLT CALL, One Tear 1 '°> )
All postmaster* nit authorised to receive
•nnscrlptfons.
6»aj!s copies lrtll be forwarded when peqnested-
MaD cobeerlbere Jn orflertae cnariire of-. «a<Jrw* should be
particular to eiv» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lsrar* «. prompt «nd correct eomslTanca with their request.
O &KLA.XD OFFICE. 77777777! . . . .1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGTfESS.
Vaasgtr Tonlgn Advertising. Sfirqcett* Building, Chlcmgo.
iZsoac Distance Telephone ••Central 261*,")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOJf Herald Square
J.-EW TORK EEPRESENTATIVn:
fTEPHEJI B. SMITH . .30 Tribune Build ing
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao, SI . Union Square:
Hurray Hill Hotel.' '
BRAKCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until i-M O'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 8:80 o'clocfc 833
MeAUlet<-r. open until »:S0 o'clock. CIS L&rHn. open until
• :» o'clock. M41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2361 Market.
«orner Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. 1(46 Valencia, open
ontfl } o'clock. Id Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
SlOO TOlmore. open until 9 p. m.
We stand up for the sun, and believe that its inten
tions are benevolent, and that the cause of trouble
must be sought' nearer Ithaca. ; -
Going from the mechanical to the chemical, it is
legitimate to search for a. chemical cause," originating
in the body of the sun, for varying conditions of our
atmosphere;- but then again why should not such
chemical cause affect equally the whole body of at
mosphere exposed to it? So it would seem that,
whatever the cause, it is local to the planet, and is
localized on its surface, all parts thereof not, being
equally affected. . ' , ¦ .
Admitting that the sun has a blanket of vapors, a
crust, a skin, the earth has its atmospheric envelope,
which refracts, breaks, the rays of the suny.just'as the
platinum wire breaks the electric current and in the
friction of the process develops heat and light.
Shining into a pail of waterthe heat given thereto by
the sun is equal to the resistance of the medium.
Shining on the side of the metal pail. the resistance is
greater and the degree of heat developed much more.
All this is purely mechanical, but. may we not learn
from it to seek the cause of an access of heat in the
conditions of our own atmosphere, which
varying degrees of density, "of resistance, of friction,
and will account for abnormal heat iii latitudes where
the sun is farther away from vertical, and normal heat
where it is many degrees nearer vertical? This ac
counts for a hot Bismarck and a cool, almost cold;
San Francisco. But Professor Serviss' theory does
not account for this, and depends upon an even heat
in same latitude and altitude. „ -
. We are inclined to think that the sun is indicted
.on more counts that can be proved.
To come to a more local comparison^ why should
Fresno have 102 degrees, while San Francisco, '200
miles north, has 56, and San Diego, nearly 500 miles
south, 1 has only 70 degrees? Why do people drop
dead at 98 degrees of heat in New York City the same
day that San Francisco's maximum islonly 54? Each
city is on the shore of an ocean, with similar physical
conditions, except that San Francisco is farther south
and nearer the line of a vertical sun; Professor Ser
viss will concede that the increased heat of the' sun,
jdue to its skin disease, wilt be felt as its normal heat
is, the more severely where the rays are vertical to
the surfa.ee of the earth, and with modified force as
the angle increases. Then why do New Orleans, Mo
bile, Savannah and Charleston have their normal,
summer temperature, while St. Paul and far Winni
peg are shrieking with the unusual heat? . / .-• ¦
dianapolis 96," Kansas City 102, Memphis 102, Oraaha
102,: St. Louis 106, St. Paul 100, Springfield (Mass.)
100, Bismarck 106; 'while at Astoria it is 64', SaoFran
cisco 5<5, Lbs Angeles 84, San Diego 70? Why should
San .Francisco, six degrees south of Bismarck, be 50
degrees cooler, although six degrees nearer to the
vertical sun?
Should Senator Taylor undertake a third time to
set himself right through the press he should explain
first why he proposed to the bill as it came to the
Senate, certain amendments which struck the words
"and revenue" from the measure; why he thereafter
sought to get contracts with saloon-keepers, binding
them to pay him and other attorneys for obtaining for
them the protection from county licenses which the
act gave them; why he told one of his friends that if
he would canvass the liquor-dealers of Alameda
County and get them to sign the contract he would
be "properly treated." Those things constitute the
issue that the Senator is up against.
The facts have been published in The Call fully and
specifically, and if there be any wrong done by them
to Senator Taylor it is to be presumed he has a suffi
cient knowledge of the law to know how to seek re
dress for any injury he may have received. There is
nothing to be gained by blaming "central."
Basing conclusions upon those facts, The Call
charged that Senator Taylor had procured the passage
of the act and was working it, or trying to work it, to
his profit. •
It is no sufficient to those charges to say
that he was cut off by "central" when he was going
to explain what he meant by denying that he knew
anything about the "Kelley-Taylor" bill.
The charges of The Call were and are that Sena
tor Taylor procured the passage of Assembly bill
456 with amendments proposed in the Senate Com- v
mittee on Municipal Corporations, of which he is
chairman; # that thereafter a large number of circular
letters were sent out to attorneys in various parts of
the State* inviting them to obtain contracts . from
saloon-keepers to pay certain sums of money, pro
vided that the saloon-keepers' business were relieved
from the payment' of "such license tax now imposed
by the Board of Supervisors"; that the circulars
were inclosed in envelopes of the firm of Taylor &
Mason; that the contracts would have been in the
nature of a cinch for the attorneys, since the passage
of the act as amended made it certain the attorneys
would win.
We give the explanation for what it is worth. In
the affairs of the world in these days "central" has a
good deal to answer for. It may be true that the per
verse person of '.the wires cut Mr. Taylor off just as
he was going to explain, but, admitting that to be so,
the circumstance does not affect the main issue.
Confronted with those facts Senator Taylor now
undertakes to explain his original denial. He says in
a letter to the Oakland Enquirer: "The Call cast
aspersions upon a Kelley-Taylor bill, alleging a
scheme. The hyphen means that there were com
panion bills in each house. I 'phoned a reporter that I
had never heard of a Kelley-Taylor bill and had noth
ing-to do with the drawing or introduction of the
license bill, and this was true. The central then cut
me off when I was hurrying to a train and I did not
conclude my interview."
It did not take long to dispose of that denial. The
Senate Journal shows that on March 11, 1901, there
was a" report from the Committee on Municipal Cor
porations recommending the passage of that bill "as
amended," and the report was signed by Taylor as
chairman. - A little later on the same day the bill was
taken up, by unanimous consent and the five amend
ments submitted by the committee of which Taylor
was chairman were adopted. Among the amendments
was the important one striking from the bill the
words "and revenue," which materially altered the in
tent of the measure;
SENATOR E. K. TAYLOR of Alameda has once
more entered upon an explanation of) his con
nection with the passage of Assembly bill No.
456, relating to the regulation of liquor licenses in
all counties of the State except. San Francisco. In
his first statement on the subject to the Alameda En
cinal Taylor is quoted by that paper as saying: -- "I
had nothing to do with this bill. It was introduced
by Kcllcy in the Assembly and was known as the
Davis bill. From The Call's article, it would be in
ferred that I introduced it into the Senate, which is
untrue. I had nothing to do with its introduction or
passage."
Taylor's Latest excuse.
THE SAN FJRAKC1SCO CALL> SATUKDAY, JULY 27, 1901.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD PREPARE
FOR THE FERNBROOK INITIATION
6
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr
Slegert's Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters.*
Special infonaatlon supplied dally to
business houses and public men by - »ba
.Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 K.fuU
gomery street. Telephone Mala 1SM3. ' *
Beautiful hair is always pleasing.- and Par-
ker** Hair Balsam excels In : producing it.
' Hlndercorrs.'the best cure for corns. 15 cts.
Selling out. Best eyeglasses, specs, 10 to
, Look out tor 81 Fourth street, front
or barber and grocery. •
Townsend's, California glace fruits, 50c a
S O i Jnd '<~i?,l l)?e ,' etcned boxes or Jap baa-
kets. ,639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
CalTglace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special excursion via Santa Fe Saturday. July
27th. , Rate »2.0ft for the round trip. Tickets good
returning Sunday, or Monday. Trains leave
from Santa Fe slip, foot of Market at., 7:20 a.
m., 4:20 p. m. and 8 p. m.
Visit Stockton.
Choice candies, To-wnsen«Vs, Palace Hotel*
The Santa Fe to Merced ;ind stage thence
via Merced Falls, Coulterville. Hazel Green,
Merced Big Trees, Cascade Falls and Bridal
iVeil Falls, arriving at Sentlr el. Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon. This is the most popular route
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at Ml Mar-
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Best Way to the Yosemite.
Call Bvfeacrlbera contempUtUs a. eliansre •<
residence dcrlnc the »ummer months can Isto
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
¦ddrenei by notif ylnz The Call Bnsincu Offlee.
Thin p>i»cr will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local scent Uk
¦11 tOTrim on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
AUCTION SALES.
By fnlon Stockyards Company — Monday, July 29. at 10
o'clock. Packing House Machinery, at Rodeo. Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
" •Central— "Trilby."
Tlvoli— "The Toy Maker."
California. — 'The Case of Rebellious Susan," Monday, July 29
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— ' •Garrett O'Magh."
, Alcazar— "The Country Girl."
Grand Osera-house — "Paul Kauvar."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
CItutee. Zdo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Eutro Baths — Svlramln:. "SANTA ROSA. July 26.— Emmet Naugh
tbn and Lester Sellick, San Francisco
youths, were arrested near Healdsburg
to-day for appropriating a horse and
buggy belonging to B. Smith at Petaluma
last Saturday. It is alleged that they took
the outfit from the Golden Eagle feed
yard.
Accused of Horse-Stealing.
Manager J. M. Herbert of the Southern
Pacific Company is at present on a tour
of inspection. He visited the shops in
Sacramento Thursday and made a most
favorable impression. He expressed him
self as thoroughly satisfied with all that
he saw on the division. He will shortly
leave for Portland, Or. He will be accom
panied on the . trip by Superintendent
Palmer and Engineer Robinson. ~
Manager Herbert Will Go North.
Demise Brings Deepest Grief to Host of Friends in This City and to His
Bereaved Family in the East— Popular Member of Business and Social
Circles Succumbs, to Surgical Operation Performed .at Lane Hospital
Meanwhile there are well posted busi
ness men who say that the deal will be
consummated shortly, notwithstanding
the denials of the gentlemen who have
the matter under consideration.
W'akefieldi Baker of the "firm of Baker
& Hamilton said yesterday that he had
heard rumors of the proposed consolida
tion. His firm had not been consulted, he
said, and he did not believe the talked of
consolidation would be finally effected. As
far as his firm was concerned, he went
on, it would not be identified with the
movement in any way. as it was not
handling hardware to the degree that it
is a competitor in the local market, the
specialty of the firm being agricultural
Implements. !
Charles Holbrook, president of Hol
brook, Merrill & Stetson, admitted that
the matter had been discussed by him.
He said he could not act for his firm in
the. absence of his associates, who are
now In New York, where they will remain
for some time to come. Th© proposed
consolidation had not advanced beyond
the chrysalis stage, he said, and ther«j
was no assurance that It would ever be
consummated.
A. L. Scott of Miller, Sloss &' Scott
states that the report was an exaggera
tion. The proposition of consolidation was
first called to his attention by a New
York business man, who Informed him
that it was current rumor in hardware
circles of New York that the wholesalers
of. San Francisco intended to enter Into a
combine. Scott was emphatic in saying
that the proposition had never been dis
cussed by him with any member of the
firms alleged to be in "the deal. ¦ He did
not believe such a consolidation would be
effected at an early date, if at all. "
Brace Hayden, president of the Dun
ham-Carrigan-Hayden Company, one of
the largest wholesale hardware firms in
the "West, denies that there is any truth
In the . report. He said positively that
there was no prospect of 'such a consoli
dation as far as his house was concerned.
He admitted that the matter had been
spoken of in his presence, but only in an
informal manner.
On the other hand, there are many
business men who are convinced that tne
combination is bound to pome at an early
date. The larger hardware firms, it Is
argued, would be enabled to operate their
concerns under a pooling agreement at a
much less cost than Is the case at present.
An army of drummers now in the field at
an expense of many thousands annually
to the competing firms would be dispensed
.with. The proposed consolidation, It 's
further said, would enable the local
wholesalers to purchase goods in greater
bulk and therefore effect a great saving.
In other words, the proposed pooling of
hardware interests would prevent compe
tition, and while it would lessen the cost
of materials to the members of the pool
it would enable the consolidated concerns
to sell goods at a lower figure and. still
yield a fair profit.
H. J. Morton, treasurer of the George
W. Gibbs Company, denies that the firm
with which he Is connected Is any- party,
to the proposed deal. He stated yester
day that the firm had not even been con
sulted with reference to the project and
that there waa not, in his opinion, any
foundation for the reported consolidation.
A project of tremendous importance to
the Industrial Interests of San Francisco
and involving the consolidation of four of
the leading wholesale hardware and iron
and steel houses into a combination with
a capital stock ranging from $5,000,000 to
$20,000,000 is under consideration. The
firms interested In the matter are the
Dunham-Carrigan-Hayden Company, Hol
brook, Merrill & Stetson; Miller, Slosa &
Scott, and George "W. Gibbs Company.
While the negotiations to this end have
in no sense approached completion, the
matter has been generally discussed in
business circles and by members of the
firms named. The parties Interested ad
mit that the proposed pool had been talk
ed of, but that no formal steps to that
end were taken, and that none would be
taken in the near future.
Merchants Deny, However,
That Any Combination
Is Contemplated. •
Important Move Is Being
Discussed by Big
/ Dealers.
HARDWARE FIRMS
TO CONSOLIDATE
IiABCKE CONGREGATION- ' j
HEARS FAMOUS CANTOI
I
BT. JAMES CHUKCH WJLLL
HOLD SPECIAL SERVICE
Festival of the Patron Saint of the
Parish to Be Observed.
To-Morrow.
Special service will be held to-morrow
at St. James Church to celebrate the fes-
tival of St. James, the patron saint of the
parish. Solemn high mass will be cele
brated at 10:30 o'clock. The Rev. P. R.
Lynch will be celebrant, the Rev. P. F.
Griffin deacon and the Rev. J. J. Hen
nessey sub-deacon. The Rev. Donald J.
McKinnon will be master of ceremonies.
The Rev. Father O'Neil, O. P., will de
liver the sermon.
In the evening there will be solemn ves
pers and benediction.
On Thursday evening, August 1, there
will be an entertainment at Metropolitan
Temple for the benefit of St. James
Church.
Southern Pacific Excursion Bates
. From San Francisco All Over
the State.
On sale for Epworth Leaguers and
friend3 July 12 to August 15, fare emd third
round trip. Stopovers everywhere. "Watch
announcements special excursion:! special
days. Literature and rates, information
bureaus and ticket offices* 613 Market
street and Mechanics' Pavilion.
ANGEL OF DEATH SILENTLY ENFOLDS
SPIRIT OF EDWARD HARMON SHELDON
AUSTRIAN COUNT
WORRIES OVER
GERMAN NOBLE
Mystery of Two Stran
gers Bearing Name
of Larisch.
Young Bavarian Bridegroom
Knows Not the Titled
Watchmaker.
Han With. Alleged Secret Mission
Arrives From Vancouver and
Namesake Hints That
He Is a Faker.
Two Counts von Larisch are sojourning
In 8an Francisco and neither knows the
other. One has a tale to toll of tragedy
and exile, hardship and years of toll and
final coming again into his birthright The
other, scarcely more than a boy. knows
nothing' of the older man or his sorrows.
The pleasures of travel with his Ameri
can girl-bride absorb his attention, and
duels and exllee, secret missions and
sealed orders are not for him. f
Count Francis Joseph von, Larisch ar
rived in Ban Francisco some weeks ago
with his bride, Miss Saiterfleld who was,
whom he married in June at her home In
Buffalo. After a. trip to Tosemlte the
Count and Countess returned to the Grand
Hotel Thursday. They will spend a week
here and will then visit Yellowstone Park
and continue eastward. They plan to em
bark for Europe in September.
The other Count, the man of exile and
mystery. Is Count Edmund von Larisch.
He was a passenger from Vancouver, ar
riving on the Bteamer Walla Walla yes
terday morning. When the inspectors
from the Bureau of Immigration boarded
the steamer after the Quarantine officers
had given her a clean bill of" health they
were given information which stands
upon the record thus: "Count Edmund
von Lertsch, age 67. watchmaker, nat
uralized citizen of the United States."
When the Walla Walla docked, about
9:30, the Count from the British Columbia
port disappeared at once In the busy
throng and has not been in evidence since.
He did not register at any of the leading
hotels, and neither the German nor the
Austrian consulates heard anything from
him, though the announcedpurpose of his
visit was to receive here sealed orders
from the German Government In relation
to some secret and important mission.
Knows Not the Watchmaker.
The Count at the Grand Hotel Is a
young- man. Blight of figure and with
beardless face, bright-eyed and fresh
complexioned. He speaks English with a
pleasing accent, and Is altogether an
agreeable young man and not in the least
a type of the degenerate nobleman with
whom American heiresses are wont to
contract matrimonial alliances. The
Countess is a tall and handsome brunette,
and is wealthy, her father, now deceased,
having been a Standard Oil magnate.
"I know nothing of this man, who, as
you inform me, arrived to-day," said the
young Count last evening. "When I was
In the East early in this year I heard of
a man who claimed to be a Count von
Larisch. and who told of a duel forty-five
years ago and his consequent exile and
his recent restoration to his title and es
tates. The papers insinuated that he was
a faker — that his claims were unfounded.
I returned to Bavaria in May and talked
with my faiher about this man. He said
nothing of the sort had occurred in our
family, end the name of Count Edmund
von Larisch is not to be found in the
Gothaic 'Almanach.' His claims may be
all right, but he certainly is not a member
of our family, and I do not want my pres
ence here to be tangled up with him and
his supposed secret missions."
Count Francis Joseph von Larisch is the
eon of Count George von Larisch, who Is
living on his estates at Sakrau. Prussia,
although the family is Austrian. In fact,
the family name Is generally written
Larisch-Moenlch. Count Francis Joseph
is a grandnephew of Duke Charles Theo
dore of Bavaria, who has achieved fame
as an oculist. The young Count Is ani
mated with a desire to emulate his distin
guished relative and has studied medicine
with him. When he returns J.o Munich
with his fair American bride he will go
Into his greatuncle's private clinic and
continue his studies there.
Story Much Exploited.
The older Count has got extensively into
the public prints of late.. Earlier In
the year the newspapers contained news
ptories and Sunday supplement articles
In which his life history was related. He
claims that in 1856 he fought a duel with
a superior officer. Count Ponita, a major
in a crack Uhlan regiment. Rivalry for
the favor of a beautiful woman was the
causp of the duel. Ponita was killed and
Count von Larisch fled to America. A
court-martial afterward sentenced him
to forty-five years' expatriation. He
worked in menial positions in New Or
leans, and finally learned watchmaking
and established himself in New York as
Edmund Heinecke. dropping the Von
Larisch and the title of Count His term
of expatriation has expired and he claims
to have been restored to his title and to
his estates, valued at $5,000,000.
Dispatches were sent out from Vancou
ver July 20. tellinpr that Count Edmund
von Larisch was there; that he was go-
Ing to San Francisco to open there sealed
orders which would Inform him of the
nature of an important secret mission
with whicn he had been Intrusted, and
that afterward he would proceed to Ot
tawa, •where he was to represent the Ger
man court at the reception to the Duke
and Duchess of Cornwall and York.
And that is how it comes about that San
Francisco harbors two Counts von
Larlech— «. Count phyEidan and a Count
watchmaker, r,
Killed by a Fall.
Timothy Ambrose Farrell, . a carpenter
residing at the intersection of Tenth and
Mission streets, died yesterday morning
In the Central Emergency Hospital, whith
er he had been taken for medical treat
ment. Farrell was found lying uncon
scious In a basement at the intersection of
Mnth and Mission streets, into which he
had fallen. That was at 2 o'clock in the
morninj?, and his death occurred five
hours later from a fractured skull The
police. Investigated the matter and 'found
two reputable witnesses who had seen
him fall into the basement while intoxi
cated. The unfortunate man was only '6
years old- ~
County I/eitrim Social Club.
A. special meeting of the County Leitrlm
Social Club was held last evening: for the
purpose of making final arrangements for
the eleventh annual picnic, to be held at
Harbor View Park on Sunday next. Sev
eral cash prizes were donated and much
enthusiasm Tras manifested over the pros
pect of having the most successful picnic
In the history of the club. The following
Is the committee cf arang^ments: p j
Meehan •chairman). R. J. O'Reilly. P c'
Morton. P. M. McGushln. James Morton"
Peter McKeon. Matt O'Reilly. B. Keville'
M. J. Moran. James Rellly, 'William Kee
san, James Bohan, Frank Conlan and P.
Smith-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT.L; SATURDAY; JIJLY 27, 1901.
A balloon ascensionist was recently killed
¦while making one of his daring: trips. Life la
too valuable to trifle with In foolhardy adven
tures. It is better to employ ourselves In
peaceful pursuits where we may be secure.
Then, If we take care of our health, we can
live to a good old age. The best means of pro
moting health is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
This medicine cures dyspepsia, indigestion,
constipation, flatulency and insomnia. Be sure
to try it. ¦¦¦ ;
A Balloon Ascensionist Killed.
The residents In the vicinity of Twen
ty-fourth street and Treat avenue have
had considerable amusement within the
last few days watching the efforts of
Henry Windt to remove Mrs. Elizabeth
Klrsch from the lower story of a house
which he claims Is his property. Mrs.
Klrsch also claims title to the property
and resisted Windt. though ha was back
ed up by Officer Prendergast and a war
rant. . . \
The property in^questlon is a two-story
building and was formerly, owned by Mrs.
Klrsch. The lower portion of the house
Is used as a store and the upper part as a
dwelling^ Mrs. Klrsch procured the key
to the store a week ago from the family
occupying the upper part of the house,
and, after storing a wagon load of furni
ture in the place, took possession. She
pasted a notice to that effect in the store
window. . *
Windt heard of the woman's actions and
procured a warrant from Judge Caba
niss for her arrest. With Officer Pren
dergast he visited the place Thursday aft
ernoon, and It was only by forcing the
door that he secured an entrance. He
found Mrs. Kirsch in bed, very sick, as
she claimed. The warrant was read to
her by the officer, but she declined to
After the officer and Windt had left she
got up and proceeded to the Seventeenth
street police station and gave herself up.
She furnished bonds and was released.
She left the house for a few hours yes
terday and when she returned she found
her furniture on the street. It- had been
removed by Wlndt's agents during her
absence. To prevent her from again tak
ing possession they put padlocks on the
doors. Mrs. Kirsch's 13-year-old son and
the family dog had been removed with
the furniture and were on guard when she
returned. She determined to occupy the
premises again and promptly forced one
of the locks. She chose the main part of
the Btore as her temporary residence arid
brought a chair in from the pile of furni
ture on the street for comfort.
She held her position for several hours
and then left the house, leaving the boy
and the dog in charge. Once again the
Rival Claimants Battle
for Possession of a
Dwelling.
STUBBORN FIGHT
OVER PROPERTY
side in the East. Mr. Sheldon was edu
cated in the public schools of Vermont.
In his early youth he went to Baltimore
and from there went to Nevada,
where ' he secured a position with
the Consolidated California and Vir
ginia Mining Company at Virginia
City. In 1879 he came to California
and entered the employ of the Nevada
POPULAR CLUBMAN AND SEC
RETARY DIES' FROM EF
FECTS OF AN OPERATION.
The deceased was born in Vermont and
¦was 53 years old at the time of his death.
He is survived by a sorrowing mother,
two brothers and a sister, all of whom re-
The news of Mr. Sheldon's demise will
be received with the deepest grief in busi
ness and social circles, of which he was
a prominent factor. It is less than three
weeks ago that he was taken ill and early
this week he was removed from his resi
dence at "The Hutch," in Sausalito, to
the Lane Hospital. His condition was
such that It was imperative "that an ope
ration be performed without delay. Fol
lowing the operation Mr. Sheldon rallied
and on Wednesday and Thursday he was
reported to be holding his own. Yester
day a change set in and, though every
effort was made by the medical men in
attendance, the patient gradually sank
until death closed his eyes in peace.
DESPITE the best medical skill.
Edward Harmon Sheldon, secre
tary of the Oceanic Steamship
Company and a popular member
of the Bohemian Club, died last
evening at 6:30 o'clock at the Lane Hos
pital from shock following a surgical ope
ration performed last Tuesday for Intes
tinal obstruction.
Mr. Sheldon was a prominent member
of the Bohemian Club and of Oriental
Lodge of F. and A. M.,«No. 144. He or
ganized the Bachelors' Cotillon Club and
managed It for five years. In business
and social circles Mr. Sheldon was ex
tremely popular and his integrity and per
sonality endeared him to a host of friends.
A brother of the deceased is a professor
in the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn,
N. Y., and another brother is a prominent
physician of Vermont. Previous to his
death Mr. Sheldon requested that his
mother be advised that his last thoughts
were of Tier. Deceased leaves an estate
of some value. His relatives have been
notified of his death by club friends and
brother JVIasons, who have made arrange
ments for the funeral. Services will be
held to-morrow at 2:30 p. m. at St. Paul's
Church, California and Pillmore streets.
The interment will be private. .-
Bank as bullion clerk. Later on ha was
appointed secretary of the Park Commis
sion during the incumbency of Louis Mc-
Lane. At the end of his term as secre
tary of the Park Commission Mr. Shel
don entered the Spreckels employ, and
in 1884 was appointed cashier of the
California Sugar Refinery. Later on he
became the secretary of the ' Oceanic
Steamship Company, the Hutchinson,
Paauhau, Kilauea, Honolulu and the Ha
kalau sugar plantations, which positions
he held until his death.
SACRAMENTO, July 26.— Thomas Pook,
a carpenter employed at Fair Oaks,' was
drowned . In American : River to-day while
bathing. He waa 22 years old.
Drowned in the American.
The position held by W. D. Heltmann
as laborer in the Chinese Bureau has been
abolished by the Secretary of the Treas
ury. Heitmann has gone forth with a
clean bill of official health.
Chinese Bureau Office Abolished.
To-Day's News Letter.
Lady Algy in this week's News letter,
among a dozen topics of interest to so
ciety, discusses the "Hoodoo Bird," an
ornithological curio which seemB to have
perched on the roof tree of some of our
best known houses. Good-naturedly, but
with her usual candor, Mrs. Chauncey de
Wit has pointed out the defects of loud
dressing among our buds and matrons.
"On the street clothes should be seen and
not heard" Is the way she sums up her
weekly sermon to the elect. There are ten
stories in the Looker On this week, and
they have been chosen as much for their
veracity as for the good jokes behind
them. , Bohemia, that overdiscussed topic,
is treated In a new way by Ella Wilier
Wheelcox. The Town Crier is very much
alive, the editorial Is flush with the times
and the reviews convincing. •
Has Been Employed by the Southern
Pacific for Past Thirty-
Three Years.
J. M. Hanford, paymaster of the South
ern Pacific Company, will probably re
sign his position in the near future. He
has been a most faithful servant to the
company and has been employed by the
corporation for the past thirty-three
years. He is Immensely popular and his
resignation will be deeply regretted. '
It Is supposed that his resignation will
take place on the return of President
Hays from the East. He will, it Is sup
posed, receive a pension, and . railroad
men say that no man ever deserved it
more for faithful service than Hanford.
PAYMASTER HANFORD
MAY RESIGN POSITIOK"
Professor D. Russell, dean of the teach
ers'. college in connection with Columbia
College, New York, delivered an interest
ing lecture to the principals on "Peda
gogy.". *.' • :¦ • ..-• - •• iff, .,
A circular has been Issued by the board
directing the principals to carry out the
law regarding "no home study." It quotes
section 1565 of the Political Code, which
in part says:. "And it is further provided
that no more than ' twenty recitations per
week shall be required of pupils in the
secondary schools, and no pupil under the
age ' of 15 1 years in any , grammar or pri
mary-school-shall-be-required to-do any
home study.".
"We have eight or nine hundred classes
In the public schools," , he said, "and • If
we find on the opening day that three or
four classes arc unprovided for I think
we have done well. , "We could not foresee
the addition of four more classes, though
I wish it was fcrty more. If principals
desire more desks or more chairs they can
be accommodated. We have plenty of
them, having contracted for 1000 modern
chairs or seats. There are , plenty of
schools not crowded, despite what Is said
to the contrary." .
Mrs. Kincaid ' read a communication
from Dr. Cheney of the Cooper Medical
College in which the latter informed the
board that indigent children can be. vac
cinated free 'of charge every day except
Sunday between . the . hours of 9 and 10
a. m. ,
School Director Denman stated" yester
day that there was no crowding in the
public schools. He Informed. the princi
pals assembled in the rooms of "the Board
of Education that the board* had been se
verely criticised, and in its defense would
say that unfier the charter the members
did not know the amount of. money they
were going to have and therefore_ could
not iSrovide accommodations as they de
sired. He said certain parts of the city
were growing rapidly, and if school ac
commodations were not sufficient parents
would have to suffer inconvenience for a
few months. "
Director Denman De
clares There Is Ample
Room for Pupils.
NO CROWDING
IN THE SCHOOLS
The street is still littered with the fur
niture and the house is vacant. .What
move Mrs. Kirsch will make next Is not
known, but she declares she Is In the
fight to stav.
men returned. They told the boy he had
better move, as they were going to nail
up the windows and doors. Young Klrsch
has considerable of his mother's grit and
stood firm, holding his ground until he
saw the men returning with a carpenter
and a few hundred feet of lumber to bar
ricade the windows. It was only when
the Windt forces had all the windows bar
ricaded and started in to close the door
that he gave In, and left the house. He
again assumed his position on the side
walk, guardian of his mother's furniture.
7
Rev. M. Solomon Shows Great Mu
sical Ability as a Leader
of Service.
Rev. M. Solomon of Toronto. Canada
who has served as cantor in many of th
largest synagogues In this and othe
countries, opened the regular weekly sei
vice at the Bush-street Synagogue las
night. . He has a wonderfully rich an 1
melodious voice and sang the beautlfu
hymn "Come My Beloved to Greet th'
Bride" in a manner that greatly please*
the large number of members of the conj
gregation present.
Cantor Solomon came out from Toront.
to sing before Rabbi Meyer's congregatioi
to give It an opportunity to judge of hij
ability as a service leader. A new canto)
Is about to be selected for the synagogue
and the directors of the church wish U
secure a singer of ability. The selection
will not be made until a report is receive*
from a committee of three gentlemei
which is examining into the merits of i
number of cantors in New York.
» m ¦
Divorce Suits Piled.
Salts for dlyorca have been filed b:
Michael Tomasella against Domenlc;
Tomasella for desertion and John M
Breen against Mary A. Breen for cruelty
THE TRICK.
IVORY SOAP IS 99«*& PER CENT. PURE.
WWM TRJCK may involve deceit .or it may
||||g£ be a display of peculiar skill. There
HHH is deceit in some soaps, but there is
none in Ivory Soap; it is a display of pecu-
liar skill. It will! stand any test and can be
relied upon to do all that is claimed for ijki
AMUSEMENTS.
THI3 EVENING A HIGH-CI^ASS IMPERIAL
PHOTOGRAPH of E. J. MORGAN Will
Be Given to Each Lady Present.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY'S
• . ' Company in
Eteela Mackaye's Greatest Play,
"PAUL KAUVAR,"
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 15c 25;. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
?1 Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
Next Week— "THE SENATOR."
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). JULY 27.
Parquet, 25c, any seat: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
LATEST NOVELTIES IN VAUDEVILLE.
STANTON AND MODENA; AMETA;
WELL H. MTTBPHY & BLANCHE
NICHOLLS; 3 BROOKLYNS; ED
F. BEYNABD, AND THE BIO-
GBAPH. Last appearances of
CHEVALTEB ENBICO MABIO
SCOGNAMILLO, DAMM BBOTH-
EBS and CHABLES LEONABD
FLETCHER.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
LAST TIMES
LAST OP COMIC OPERA!
The Toy Maker.
TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-DAY.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 50c
Grand Opera Season
MONDAY - - - July 29.
• SEATS NOW ON SALE.
First Week— "AIDA" and "RIGOLETTO."
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-MORROW (Sun.).
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY EVG— Last Tlme«.
The Gorgeous Revival of the Famous Play,
TRILBY
An All-Star Cast of Popular Favorites.
JAMES M. BROPHT as BvenffsJl.
PDIfUS Evenings .10c, 15c, 23c, 35c, 30c
I flil/C^ Matinees.... 10c, 15c. 25c
NEXT " WEEK— James M. Brochy In a 8a-
perb Production of the Thrilling Naval Drama,
"THE ENSIGN."
CHUTES and ZOO
¦
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
CHAMPIONSHIP
CAKEWALK!
SEE '
JUUINETTE,
THE MAID OP THEAIR.'
- Telephone tor Seats— Park 21
ITEW ADVEETISEBTENTa
AUOTHEB, WO2TDEB. OF SCIE1TCE ;
Biolog^r Has Proved That Dandruff Is
Caused by a Germ.
Science is doing wonders thece days in
medicine as well as in mechanics. Since
Adam delved 1b? human race has been
troubled with dandruff, for which no hair
preparation has heretofore proved a suc-
cessful eure-until Newbro's Herpicide was
put on the market. It is a scientific prepa-
ration, that kins the grerm that makes
dandruff or scurf by digging Into the scalp
to get at the root of the hair, where it
Fspe the vitality, causing itching scalp,
falling hair and finally baldness. Without
riandruff hair must prow luxuriantly.
Herpicide, at nil druggists. It Is the only
destroyer of dandruff. .
Don't You Want to
Join the Santa Fe excursion to Stockton Satur-
day, July 27th? You can return Sunday or.
Monday and it will only cost you $2.00.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Cb 1051MASZKST.tot.6:h*7tli,S.r.C*l.
,CJf , The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
¦_ JL^. World, weaknesses or any contracted
flfeg 3 ft disease positively cared by the oldest
Jg § I Specialist on the Coast. EsL 36 years.
flfjff $ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
ydEjBHhB Consultation free and strictly private.
I Ji^ffB Treatment personally or by letter. A
M flr W ¦ Positive Curt in every case undertaken.
0 // I ft Write for Book. PBILQSOPBY of
¦ (I < iBARniAGE, HAILED FREE. (A
1 fl / , £ - valuable book for dvs) ¦. *
J>». JOBDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., 8. F.
11 Xbfe Great Train §j
I « w « runs but twice |
p per weak during y
ITHUBSDAY : —-? I
h T kj C Leaving at 9 am, g
By I fib ,. . ¦',•'¦ H
jg it arrives In H
I i»iiirnnMia Chrcafloat215 i
1 ft N nmi P« on Thursdays 1
I bHUlUUnW 1
I LI Rill IU Its higH standard 1
H . ol service Is B
| ON fully maintained. 1
AUrCSKBTKNTS. i
SPECIAL SUMMER SEASON! ¦
MONDAY EVENING.
MR. JAMES ANDTH\ $
JMf^n I NEILLi
M W EmmmJ M Mmm* JW COMPANY. 1 >
Presenting' for the first week the Comic Soclct i
Problem Play.
The Case of Rebellions Susai
By Henry Arthur Jones.
SPFCTAT BARGAIN MATINEES Ever;
.jrXUAl, Thursday, 23c and 5Oc reserve
EVE 25c. 35c. 50c. 75c. «
SAT. MAT 23c. 60c. 75o
SEATS NOW READY.
vUkUlflmfl LEADING THEATB
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT. SUNDAY NIGHT AND AL
NEXT WEEKt
The Distinguished Irish Comedian.
MR. CHAUNCEY
OLCOTT
•THE SWEETEST SINGER ON THE STAGED
In the New Irish Comedy,
GARRETT O'MAGH
Writteivby AUGUSTUS PTTOU. Manager.
Hear OLCOTT S NEW SONGS.
August 5— Empire Theater Co. In "iTRi
DANE'S DEFENCE."
/Li* KBATR EM T
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In a Notable Revival of Ausustin Daly*.
Comedy.
THE COUNTRY
GIRL.
Matinee To-day.' Seats on Sale Six Days I
Advance.,
Next— "TOE ADVENTURES OP
NELL GWYNNE."
BASEBALL.
.. OAKLAND ys. SACRAMENTO.
TO-DAY AT 3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
' RECREA TION f*A RK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
FISCHER'S SS£§! RT !
Commencing MONDAY. July 29— MAI
CHARITY MARTIN!!! SIG. PIETRO BUZZ!'
SIG. G. S. WANRELL!!! Mabel Rutherfori
Jennie Metiler. Nellie Bruce, Hopper & Hoj
per. Karl & Bayle. Admission. 1J) cents: r<
served seats. 23 cents. Matinee Sunday. Te!>
phone Main 231: Extra — Tuesday. July. 3
Benefit. AUGUST HE*RICHS:!!
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY from 7 a. m. to U p. o.
¦ Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c. Children. W
"ALA* I ¦
. _ __ These hotels possess
ANJJ the attributes that tour-
ists" and travelers ap-;
£PAN1V predate— central loca-
UlViUHI - tion, liberal manage-
YtfVrTTf C raent. modern appoint-
nil tril.i; ments and perfect cui-
sine.
San American and Euro-
pean plans. - *
Francisco.
. . . — . . - _ ( -
ADVERTISEMENTS. .. There was nothing of Interest on the morn-
Ing session . of - the Bond Exchange, beyond a
decline In Gas & Electric to $43 87%. Tha mar
ket was dull. There waa nothing new la U»
oil stocks.
Sales In the afternoon were very light.
STOCK AH3> BOND EXCHANGE.
NEW .YORK, j July 26.— On continued buying
by the bull' clique of o Root J tin 'prices ¦ for j that
metal took? another step 2 although .for
forward deliveries tin. can .be .bought 'for,con
siderably I less . than j the.-, spot • prices. At the
close' the market, was, strong with spot 'auoied
New ;¦ York Metal Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . . Sept. Dec.
Opening .....-..:.. 5 9% 5 10%
Closing : '.'...'... 5 9 • 5 10%
/ . . PARIS.
Wheat— - July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 22 00 22 70,
Closing .........:.:."....¦..¦.¦. . 22 00 -22 45
' Flour — . , i ..
Opening A..... ...'27 75 28 70
Closing ....'... ....27 50 23 45
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign - Futures.
' On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creameries^ 14%@2Oc: dairies,
13@17c Cheese, 9%@10^4c. Eggs, steady; 12V4a.
Articles— ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 26,000 13.000
Wheat bushels. ....382.000 - T94.OOO
Corn, bushels ...:..175.0OO . 41O,00'>
Oats bushels..... .....170.000- 116.C00
Rye bushels.; -4.000
Barley, bushels.... ...' 6,000 1.000
Cash quotations were aa follows: Flour, firm;
No 2 Spring Wheat. 66®69c ; No. 2 Red, 70%c :
No! 2 Corn. 54%if5i55% ; " No. 2 Yellow. 55c; No. 2
Oats 37®37Mc; No. 2 White, 37W«5>40c; No. 3
White 37%@39c; No. 2 Rye, 56%@57c; fair to
choice malting Barley; 58c; No. 1 Flax Seed,
$1 8'2; prime Timothy Seed, $5 23: Mess Pork,
per bbl $14 20@14 25; Lard,, per 100 lbs.. $8 60®
8 65: Short Ribs sides (loose). $7 80(^8: dry salt
ed Shoulders (box«d). 7V4«x>7%c; Short Clear
Sides (boxed). $8 30@8 40; Whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 29; Clover, contract grade; $10.
Wheat, Including: flour, shipments for. the
week aggregate 6,974,526 bushels. ¦ the : second
largest weekly total • ever ' reported. :¦ against
5.221,880 bushels last week,- 2.363,743 bushels in
the, corresponding, week of 1900, 3,336,432 bush-
¦ Wool is In strong demand to cover orders re
ceii-ed by manufacturers for winter and spring
weights, fine Territory wools holding -the . lead
in business. Fleece wools are quiet, but a fair
business ¦ is doing in South -American quarter
bloods. " • • " ' • • '-. ¦''¦
Other trade developments are rather more
hopeful in tone. Heat, and light rains have
materially I improved the cotton crop outlook
and the tone of advices from the South Is
better than for some weeks past, though the
corn crop in the . Central Southern States is
suffering from heat and drought - While heat
has operated as a disturbing feature in some
sections, it is " likewise noted that dry goodfc
jobbers are In receipt of considerable re
orders for summer wear goods from other, sec
tions of the country. The steol ¦ strike is ap
parently regarded as of less importance ...than
it was a week ago, and' the petering out of
the coal mine firemen's and the " machinists'
strikes has resulted in resumption' of work In
many lines. Building is active and white pine
lumber - tends upward. Boots and shoes are
moving into consumption in larger quantities,
textiles are quite steady, in tone and the
Htrength of foreign demand for ¦ our . wheat
makes It probable that exports of this cereal
will go far to replace smaller- shipments of
other, grains. : :
Hot and dry weather in the great surplus
grain producing regions west of the Mississippi
River has furnished the leading topic of trade
and speculative discussion this week. . Cereal
prices quickly responded to the flood of bad
reports and stocks were 'correspondingly weak
er, but good rains in the spring , wheat and
Northern - corn belt later on | caused reverse
movements and the growth of a better feel
ing. Produce, | particularly butter, vegetables
and Eggs, notes the effect of unfavorable crop
and weather conditions, and is high. and. of
poor quality, while canned goods are in ac
tive consumption' and tend upward. Sugar, is
Irregular in price for refined, while raws are
firmer.
NEW YORK. July 26.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say:
Bradstreefs on Trade.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California " Family extras. $3 25©
3 50. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $3 1.VJ3.25:
• Small round Yellow, $1 75: Eastern Yellow,
$1 60@l 62%; White,, ?l_70@l 75 per ctl; Mixed,
nominal. » : '- <¦ " " '
RYE— 72%@77%c per ctl. - ' ¦ , ,
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
This market showed no change,
CALL BOARD -SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. ¦
Kegular Morning Session— No sales. ...
Afternoon Sessicn— No sales. ., ¦
OATS— Some new Black,* mixed. with a little
Barley, were offered at $1. Red are unchanged
at 97%'c@$l 17%. The Western markets were
easier, with increasing offerings In the country.
- CORN — The*- Chicago market was,- firm, es
pecially at the opening, with continued hot and
dry weather over the belt,: though the market
was "less active. Chicago reported the later
market hesitating., with increased -offerings in
the country. Argentine shipments for the, week
were 1,952,000 bushels, against 736,000 last year.
At the close It looked like rain at Des Moines,
and the West was selling heavily. -,
Feed 73%c for choice bright, 71U@72%c for
No 1 and 67%@70c for oft grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. 75@82%c: Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. fl 02%; 2000, *1 02%.
Second Session— December— 6000 ctls, $1 02% ;
2000 $1 02%. May— 2000, $1 06%. " • ¦ . •
Regular Morning Session — Decembei>-20OO ctls,
Jl 02%; 2000, $1 02%.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 02% ;
14,000. $1 02%. : ¦¦ - - - - ¦• '¦' ¦¦
BARLEY— Dull and unchanged, .: but steady.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago declined l%c, the weather being more
favorable In the Northwest, the conditions be
ing cool and cloudy. I From } Fargo to Grand
Forks the prospects were reported good. To
peka reported a decreasing movement. There
was considerable bear pressure, but the crowd
was getting oversold. Argentine shipments for
the week, were £96,000 bu3hel3, against 1,400,000
last year. ¦ '
This market declined on call," In sympathy
with Chicago. ¦
Spot • Wheat— Shipping, 98%c@$l; milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl.
WHEAT- Futures were weak at Liverpool
and lower at Paris. . .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — $185%
Sterling Exchange,' sight — ' . 4 88%
Sterling Cables .....— 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight „ 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphjc — 10
Silver, per ounce :......-... — 58%
Mexical Dollars, nominal .47 @ 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
Articles— Open. High. .Low. Close.
Wheat No; 2—
July..... 69% - 70% 69% 69U
September 71% 71% 70'i 70%
December 73% " 73% 72% '72%.
Corn No. 2 — . - .
July 55% 55% 54% 54%
September ' 00% 56% 56 5fii,4
December 57ft 57% 56% 57
Oats-
July - S.")% 36 35% 33%
September -36 ¦ 36 ¦ 35% 35Vs
May 38% 38%. S7% 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl— '• . ' .
September 14 47% 14 47% ' 14 32% 14 32%
January ;... 14 83 14 85 14 77% 14 77%
. Lard per 100 lbs —
September 8 70 . 8 70 8 65 8 67%
October ....; 8 72% 8 72% 8 67% 8 67%
January 8 60 8 62% 8 55 8 57%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— '
September 7 97% . 8 00 ¦ -.¦¦ 7 97% 7 97%
October 8 00. 8 02%'. 7 97% 8 00
January 7 75 7 77% 7 70 7 72%
LOCAL MARKETS.
I The railroad bond market was as dull and
lugglsh as that of stocks. Total Bales, par
alue, SS70.COO.
United States refunding- 2s and new 4s ad
onced \i per cent on the last calL
NEW YOP.K STOCK LIST,
hercs Closing
Sold. Stock— • . Bid.
37.600 Atchleon ' 73%
(-S.SOO Atchlson prefd 95
i 700 Baltimore & Ohio S6
. ... Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92%
JS.SOO Canadian Pacific ..., 10t>£
£ Canada Southern 67
200 Chesapeake & Ohio 44%
300 Chicago &. Alton 37%
200 Chicago & Alton prefd 75%
400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 33%
t~ 200 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 69%
\... .. Chicago & Eastern Illinois 122
fcl.600 Chicago & Great Western 22%
I,.... Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 80%
..... Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 47%
: 450 Chicago & Northwestern 192
1.600 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 110%
1,300 Chicago Terminal ¦& Trans 18«4
100 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd... 38%
TOO C C C & St Louis 8?%
800 Colorado Southern 13>4
300 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 48%.
Colorado Southern 2d rrefd 22
800 Delaware & Hudson '.1S7
1700 Delaware Lackawanna & Western,. 225%
'lO0 Denver & Rio Orande :. 40
. . Denver & Rio Grande prefd... 90
8.100 Erie •• KH
1.100 Erie 1st prefd 65%
200 Erie 3d prefd 4SVi
SO0 Grett Northern prefd «....173%
600 Hockmg V*"** ••••-- «
100 Hocking Valley prefd <4 7 -4
2S00 Illinois Central 14S\
200 Iowa Central 36^
100 mua Central prefd 72.
Lake Erie & Wertern ..- 56
Leke Erie & Western prefd ...115 .
teel etocks, which were fairly well main
lined to the close, though at some recession
rom the top price.
ant for long intervals and its only important
eature was the firmness of the United States
Teat banks abroad gives promise that they
.-ill. To-day's market was practically slag-
jovement begins and this' week's report of the
'"he hardening tendency of the London money
narket was watched with some jealousy, as
Se future course of that money center has
n important bearing on the future of specu
'ition here. The continuance of deposits at th«
¦ubtreasury for transfer to the interior show*
lie illusivenees of hopes Indulged by some
Speculators that tb* usual interior demand
u.pon New York for currency to move crops
!4'ill be missing thi* year, owing conjointly
o the short crop of corn and the unusually
¦Brge reserves held at thi* time by Interior
(•auks. Much interest attaches to the further
'onEideratton whether foreign mojpey centers
1-111 be ab! t to epare cold if New York makes
¦.'manis upon them when the crop export
United States Ste«J nocks, which were marked
ip something over a point each. The demand
•as attributed to the London account and was
aid to be due to * report there that the
llspute underlying the strike was in course of
idjustment. This report could not be con
l.-med in New York- The upward movement
n tbe general list therefore proved abortive
.nd wa« checked before it had proceeded as
ar even as yesterday'* limited movement.
I; XEW TORK, July :«.— Ther* was no Indlca
icn of any chasre in speculative conditions
vhen the etock market opened this morning.
(Tie dullness and sIuggtehnesR Trere unrelieved.
In effort was made to inaugurate an upward
hovement based on a show of strength in the
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Marlfet.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, July 26.— September wheat opened
unchanged to %c higher at 71%@71%c, local
shorts covering on a small scale. Easy cables
and encouraging crop reports from .the spring
wheat country were against the price, and
there were Indications that the spring crop
would receive further rains within the next
twenty- four hours. There was very little de
mand the greater part of the day and Sep
tember gradually worked . down to 70%c. A
better demand developed at this concession in
price and the close was steady, %c lower at
7C%c.
Corn prices followed a comparatively narrow
path, traders apparently laying oft to await
further developments . in the crop situation.
The market held steady, September closing
%c over yesterday at 66%c.
Oats were dull and easier in sympathy with
wheat. September closed %c lower at 35Hc.
Trade in provisions was dull and prices tend
ed downward on the heavy hog receipts. Sep
tember pork closed 17%c lower, lard 5c down
and ribs 2%c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
J w » g on «j
STATIONS. ' |I |l <= £o ?5
Tl.jl-p p if
""entura < 73 6» ...
•JoUister _. 7t <9
An Jose 90 S4 7i
anta Maria 7? 12 . .. •
Wapa 7S 47 S
' Kan Jose — North wiad; fruit rip«mliur fast.
;'. Hoi lister— Light Tog; eu^ar beetc In San Juan
Talley dclnr well.
i Ventura— Beans, Cora *n<J potatoec doing
rell; some for.
. Santa Maria— Barter aa£ cats thrashed. t#a
o twenty sacks; large acreage still un
-hraphed; beans unchanged.
' Na pa— South wiad, cletr; crop conditions
*e same. <X H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
Under these circumstances large Interests
have been inactive or have only supported
their specialties when the weakness became
pronounced or when the attacks of the bear
traders seemed to be ' dangerous. At the
same time the depressing, tendencies seem to
have limits and the market,' in the absence of
further liquidation,! becomes easily oversold.
This was shown on Tuesday when prices,
which had broken the day before, were rallied
on short coverinsr, induced by reports of some
what better weather prospects in the West.
After that ..the fluctuations were irregular,
within narrow limits, fresh short lines being
put out only to be , taken in again, though
buying for long account, except in a few par
ticular stocks, was absent. Little attention
was paid to any news except that relating to
corn crop conditions, the general impression
being that the serious reduction in the yield
will affect many railroads materially. The
street, for Instance, has apparently come to
the conclusion that no Increase need be looked
for now In the Union Pacific's dividend rates,
or its common stock. The steel workers' strike
was, of course, discussed, but the United
States Steel corporation shares showed steadi
ness and a disposition to respond promptly to
reports that the strikers were making no pro
gress and that an end of the trouble might
be expected. It seems that their anticipations
were exaggerated and the street at large is
certainly disposed to let the Steel stocks alone
for the present, there being no Inducement
to buy them, while the support of the
Inside interest checks t bearish attacks on
them. Money was easy all week . and the
favorable bank statement of last Satur
day -allays apprehension as to high rates of
interest when the demand for funds to move
crops assumes full proportions. " >
Continued drought in the corn belt and a
further reduction of the yield in the largest
producing States have unsettled the stock
market and reduced its activity. Public in
terest is lacking and the commission house
business in Wall street was this week prob
ably the smallest in a long time. The profes
sional operators are bearish on the situation
and Western speculators have also acted on
the short side of the account.
NEW YORK. July 26.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say:
Butter, Cheese and E&gs stand about the
same as last week.
Meats and Poultry are about as before, and
the latter is plentiful.
The fruit" market is not as wen furnished
with choice fruit as txsoal at this time of the
year, as the teamsters* strike has checked
shipments from the country. Real choice fruit
is rather difficult to obtain at the moment.'
There are plenty of Vegetables.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ @I2 00 [ Sonthfleld
¦Wellington.. igll 00 Wellington S ®11 00
Seattle 9 00® ICoos Bay.... @ 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc. — '
Butter, choice, sq.4O® 13 r Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 3O@33J dozen -20@25
Cheese. Cal 12@15| Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. 17@20 pound 13®M
Cheese, Swiss ....2O@35 Do, extracted... 8® 19
Common Eggs..l3@17iil
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each ...... -50-0-60 Tttrfeeya. per Ib...l3<??;0
.Toung Roosters, Ducks, each 40@5O
each 50@7a Geese, each...$l 25<3'1 50
Old Roosters, ea..40<@50 Pigeons, pair 40@3O
Fryers, each 40^S0[ Rabbits, pair 40@—
Broilers, each 25©35'Hare, each. .. — QOi
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 15<@1S Round Steak. 10® —
Beef, choice 13@15 Sirloin Steak ...12%@ —
Do, good 10@— Tenderloin do 15®—
Corned Beef 10<g— Porterhouse do.l7%@20
Ham 15(317 Smoked Beef 2O@ — f
Lard .—#13 Pork, salt 10@12%
Mutton — €12 Pork Chops 15@13
Lamb 12@— Pork Sausases_12-4igi3
Poxk. fresh 15©— Veal 12«—
Fruits and Nuts — .
Alligator Fears, Lemons, dor' .....20@25
per doz ... ...$3<S5 Nectarines ........ 5@ 8
Apricots, per lb... 4@5 Nutmeg Melons,
Almonds 15@20 each 5@10
Apples 4@ 6 Peaches, per lb... 3® 6
Bananas, doz ....15ir25 Pears, lb ...: 3@ S
Blackberries, dwr.30@40 1 Plums, lb 3@ 5
Cantaloupes. ea...lO@20,Plneapples, each..25@35
Crab Apples 4S 6 Raspberries, dwr.30@t(T
Figs, per lb. 15@25 Raisins, per lb... 5@15
Grapes, per lb.. 6@12%, Strawberries, per "
Oranges, doz 25@30| drawer ......... ,25-'3'4i>
Limes, per doz... 10<813 Walnuts, per lb..l5@20
Logan Berries, Watermelons, ea..25@40
per drawer 40@50)
Vegetables^ —
Asparagus, per lb S®13 Leeks, dos bnchs.l5®20
Artichokes, doz...25@50 Okra, green, Ib.-JJS.^Sa
Beets, doa 10@— Green Peppers, Ib.l0@20
Beans, white, lb.. 6@— Potatoes, per lb.2H<f—
Colored, per lb. 5@— Swt Potatoes, lb.— @—
Dried Lima, lb.. 6® 8 Parsnips, per dz-10<g>—
Green Limas. lb.10® — Radishes, dz bch.15.3-i>
Cabbage, each 5@ — Sage, doz bnchs.. 25^30
Cauliflowers, each 5@— String Beans, lb.. 4© 8
Celery, head 5@— Summer Squash,
Cress, do» bnchs. 15<g20 per lb 4@ 5
Cucumbers, doz...lO<g£0 Sprouts, per lb....— ® —
Egg Plant; lb .... 6<@-10 Spinach, per lb... 6® —
Green Peas, lb 3@ 5 Thyme, doa bchs.25^30
Green Corn, doz..lo@20 Turnips, per do«..10@—
¦ Lettuce, per doz..l5fi:o Tomatoes, per lb. 4@ I
! Onions, per. lb — 1@ 3
Fish—
Baracuda 12%®— Striped Bass 15@20
Carp — <8— Sea Bass 15#—
Catfish 10@— Smelts 15@—
Codfish 12@13 Soles ..10®—
Flounders 8@10 Skates, each *810
Halibut 8@12% Squid N»na
Herring — @^- Tomcod .10®—
Mackerel 15@— Turbot lo@20
Do horse 10@— Trout 20#25
Perch — @— Whiteflsh 10®—
Pomplno ..........60® — Clams, gallon . 50@ —
Rockflsh 15«— Do. hardshell . lb. S<??10
Rock Cod 15<g — Crabs, each 15620
I Salmon, fresh ...20@25 Mussels, quart.... oi^lQ
Do,, smoked ....15640 Oysters. Cal. 10O..40@3O
Shrimps .....— ®-~ Do, Eastern, dz.25®40
Shad 6® *
j FAMILY RETAIL MARKET, j
Bradstreet' s Financial Review.
i Fair weather prevails over the Pacific Coast
States and wnerally cloudy weather over the
plateau reeion. A trace of rain is reported
rom Northern Ariacna-
The nressure ha» risen over the plateau re
rion and fallen alor.e the coast.
The temnerature chances have been slight in
ill districts. In the Interior of California they
ire from 6 to 13 degrees tbove the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
, mding midnirht July 27. 1*01:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, except
'aggy alonr the coast la the morning; fresh
southwest wind. .
Southern California— Fair Saturday, except
'oggy alons the coast in the morning: fresh
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; light northwest
rind.
¦ San Francisco an«J vicinity— Fair Saturday,
rxcept foEry in the morning; fresh southwest
wind.
FORECAST,
WEATHER CO.VDITIONS AND GENERAL
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@10c.
Evaporated apples obtained a good demand
and showed considerable firmness, j but values
were unchanged. State common to good, 3%S
5c; prime, 5%@5%c; choice, 6@6%c; fancy, 6'i
@7c.
California dried fruits continue' Inactive and
nominally unchanged.
PRUNES— 2%®6ttc.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@12c; Moorpark. 7%@12c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. July 26.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,826; exports,' 18,600; slow and barely steady.
Rye flour, steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 98,950 bushels; exports,
115,265; spot, easy. No. 2 red, 7S%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 75%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern, Duluth, 78%c f. o. b. afloat; No. l.hard
Duluth, 86%c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady at the West, but soon worked lower
through realizing, improved Northwest crop
news, weak cables, heaviness of outside mar
kets and less speculative trade. Closed weak,
%(S%c net decline. July, 77%@78%c. closed
77%c; September, 75%@76 9-16c, closed 75%c;
October. 75%@76%c. closed 76%c; December,
77 7-16@78%c, closed 77%c. -
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot, steady; No. 7 invoice, 5%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9@ll%c. The market for
coffee futures closed steady In tone with
prices 10(515 points higher. Total sales, 15,750
bags, including: October, 5®S.05c; November,
5.10c; December, 5.20@5.25c; March, 5.40@5.45c;
May. 5.D0c. : "" " *¦
SUGAR — Raw, steady. Fair refining, .3 l-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 l-16c. Refined, quiet.
¦ BUTTER— Receipts, .5627 packages; firm.
State dairy, 14@19c; creamery, 16@20c; factory,
13<fil5c: imitation creamery, 14@17c.
EGGS — Receipts. 5521 packages; . firm. West
ern candled, 14@15c; Western uncandled, 8%c.
New York Grain and Produce.
tstoris- 30.12 64 £4 NW Pt.Cldy 0
akor ,.2S.€2 78 f.2 NE Clear 0
arson 2S.66 S4 60 W Pt.Cldy fl
».S4 58 52 NW Clear 0
Fresno ,.29.54 106 70 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.60 84 (A W Cloudy Tr.
J'ocatello. Idaho.. .29 .64 S2 66 SW Cloudy 0
Independence 19.52 96 72 SE Pt.Clfiy 0
Lob Angeles 2S.72 S» 60 W Clear 0
fhoenix Z9.U 104 80 NW Pt.Cldy 0
Portland ?0.e2 7! 48 NW Clear 0
Red liluff J9.5S 10J 72 E Clear 0
Roseburg 29.82 7* « N Clear 0
Sacramento ».«0 «8 56 SW Clear 0
Salt Lake 28.CS 94 C8 W Cloudy 0
Ban Francisco 29.72 62 f« SW Clear 0
Pan Luis ObiEpo...2».r« 71 E0 W Clear 0
San Diego »-74 66 (4 SW Cloudy 0
Seattle 30.0« 6« 60 W Clear 0
6pol;ane 2S.78 S2 t6 SW Clear 0
K°ahBay SO.OJ €0 E2 W Pt.Cldy 0
Walla Walla CS.S2 86 €0 W Clear 0
Winnemucca »-60 *4 €« W Clear 0
Y uma O.S2 «>4 78 S Clear 0
s ii || 3 h §£
STATIONS- 3 1 3 .§ | 5= Is. ' : =
I |3 |3 f § ? \~
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 26.— Consols, 92 5-16. Silver.
26 15-16d. French rentes, lOOf 60c. Cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Stand
ard California, 30s. ,
LIVERPOOL, July 26.— WHEAT— Steady; No.
1 Standard California, 6s@6s 2d; French country
marketr, firm. •
COTTON— Uplands. 4 12-»2d.
•jr — Jfc
PORTLAND, July 26.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 55@56c,
TACOMA, July 2S.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Blue stem, 57c; club, S6c. ,
WASHINGTON.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., "July 26.— Clearings, $2S5,
966; balances, $43,719. '
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, July 26.— The present series of
wool auction sales which was scheduled to
close yesterday was extended over until to-day.
The number of bales offered was 14,442, the
bulk of which was medium stock. There was
a fairly general demand and the attendance
was small. Prices were irregular and the tone
generally firm. Australian merinos were prac
tically in the eame position as at the close i,t
the May series. The total available wool num
bered 326,000 bales, of which '291,000 were sold;
12.0CO bales being bought by American pur
chasers.
London Wool Sales.
PITTSBURG, July 26.— The sales of California
fruit here to-day by the. Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices: Pears— Bartletts.
boxes. $2@2 10, average $2 04. ; . Four cars sold
to-day. Favorable weather.
NEW YORK, July 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices here to-day
at sale of California fruit at auction: Pears—
Bartletts, boxes, $1 95@2 40. average $2 16; half
boxes. $1@1 30, average $124; Clapp's Favorite,
half boxes, average $1 10. Peaches— Early Craw
fords, boxes, 60c@$l, average 84c; Decker, boxes,
90@95c, average 92c } Fosters, boxes, 85c@$l 60,
average 86c. ¦ Prunes— Tragedy, single crates,
$1 10@2 05, average $1 37. I'lur.is— Yellow Egg,
single crates, average $1 87% ; Washlngtons, sin
gle crates, $1 30® 1 50, average $146: Wlcksons,
single crates, $1 85@2 40, average $2 22; Kelsey
Japans, single crates, $2 40@2 50, average $2 44.
Twelve cars sold here to-day. Weather unfa
vorable.
- Porter Brothers Company's sales: Plums —
Yellow egg, $1 80, single crates; Bradshaw,
$1 77; purple Duane, $1 90; Columbia, $1 51;
Japans, $3 26; Washington, $1 88; Chalcot, $1 90;
Garlich, $1 25; Comedy, $1 73. Prunes — German,
average, $1 82, single crates; Gros, $1 85. Pears
— Bsrtlett. average, $2 35. Peaches— Early
Crawford, average, 71c; Late Crawford, 85c:
Susquehanna, 90c; Foster, 84c; Decker, $1.
Grapes— Fontainebleau, average. $2 25.
CHICAGO, July 26.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices at sale at auction
of California fruit here to-day: Pears—Bart
letts, boxes, $2 15@2 25, average $2 21. Five cars
sold, 'to-day. Weather hot.
Porters Brothers Company's sales California
fruit: Pears— Bartlett, average, $2 26. Peaches
—Early Crawfords, average, 61c; Foster, 93c;
Susquehanna, 88c. Grapes^ — Fontainebleau, aver
age, $2 37. Plums— Yellow egg, $1 88; Chaloot,
$2 09; Comedy, $1;. Japans, $2: Wickson, $2 25.
Prunes — Gros average, $2 55; Hungarian, $2 80;
Nectarines, red, average, $1 20, single crate.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Pears — Bartlett,
$2 15«T2 25 box.
LONDON. July 26.— Porter Brothers Com
pany's sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts,
$1 92j?2 40 half-boxes. Plums— Washington,
$1 92@2 12. slncle crates: Satsuma, average,
$1 68, single crate; Burbank, $1 68; Kelsey
Japan, $2 40; California, red, $3.
PHILADELPHIA, July 26.— The Earl , Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day and realized the following prices: Pears —
Bartletts, boxes, $2 15@2 50, ¦ average j $2 29.
Plums— Bradshaw, single crates, . $1 35@1 50,
average $142; Kelsey Japans, single crates,
average $1 80; Yellow Egg, single crates, $1 80®
crates, $1 74@1 95, average $1 90: Tragedy, single
2, average $1 9L Prunes— Germans, single
crates, $1 74@1 95, average $1 95; Tragedy, sin
gle crates, average $2 15. Nine cars sold to-day.
Weather wet and unfavorable.
California Fruit Sales.
SAN FRANCISCO. July SS. S p. p.
• The following maximum temperature* -were
reported from stations In California, to-day:
; Eureka, 58; Rod Blu2C 10S; Sacramento, W,
Mount TamalDsis. £5: Frerao. 106; San Luis
Oblspo. 74; Independence. JtS; Los Angeles. 89;
if an Die^o, 66.
, San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
*C2; minimum. 49; mean, 56.
O20th MerlflJan— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
. ¦WASHINGTON, July 26.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of . the ' $150,000,000 gold ' reserve in the
Condition of . the Treasury.
NEW YORK, July 26.— Money on call, steady
at 2<g2% per cent; last loan, 2% per cent: prime
mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent; sterling ex
change, steady, with actual business in bank
ers" bills at $4 87% for demand and $4 81%@
4 84% for sixty days; posted rates, $1 S6 and
$4 SSV£; commercial bills, $4 84@4 84%; bar sil
ver. £8%c: Mexican dollars, 46% c.
BondB— Government, firm; railroad, irregular;
State, inactive^. . . .
New York Money Market.
LONDON, July 26.— Anaconda, 9%; Atchison,
74%; do preferred, 97; Canadian Pacific, 108;
Denver and Rio Grande, 42%; do. preferred,
94%; Northern Pacific preferred, 99; Southern
Pacific, C8; Union Pacific, 102%; do. preferred,
91%. . •
Money, 2© 2% per cent.
Bar silver, dull. 26 15-16d per ounce.
CLOSING
NEW YORK, July 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:-
The markets here' were firmer to-day and
liquidation seemed to be over for the time, al
though there were some further sales - of
Americans on the report that a little trouble
is possible at the -.next settlement. Americans
dragged until the New York opening, when a
strong revival began with steel shares lead
ing on talk' that the strike is near a settle
ment. Other securities sympathized, but the
finish was feverish. . .
London Market.
aro»ey— Union Land ... 2%
Call leans 404% West End 95%
Time loans 4@4% Westinghouse El... 70
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & S F 73 N E Gas&Coke 5s. 55
A T & S F prefd. 94% Mining Shares-
American Sugar 142*4 Adventure 25
Am Telephone 160% Blngham 20%
Boston A Albany. 237 Amalg Copper 112%
Boston Elevated... 1S5 Atlantic 36
Boston A Maine.. .in Calumet & Hecla..75O
Dominion Coa.1 39 Centennial 27
Dom Coal prefd.. .114% Franklin 17%
U S Steel..... 42% Humboldt .,. 25
U S Steel prefd.... *2% Osceola ." 92H
Fltchburg rrefd ..143 Parrot 50%
Gen Electric ......234 Qulncy ...170
Mexican Central... 22% Santa. Fe Copper... 6%
N E Can & Coke.. 6% Tamarack ....345
Old Colony 208 Utah Mininj 29
Old Dominion 29% Wlnona 2%
Union Pacific 94 Wolverines 60%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 13
Alice 45 Ontario 8 73
Breece ...M'45 Ophir "70
Brunswick Con 12 Phoenix 09
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosi 07
Con Cal & Va. 2 05 Savage 08
Deadwood Terra 50 Sierra Nevada. 15
Horn Silver 1 45 Small Hones 50
Iron Silver 55 Standard 3 00
Leadville Con 06
U S ref 2s reg 107S» N T Central lsts.,104%
U S ref 2s coup... 107*4 N J Cent gen 5s.. .129
U S 3s rcg 108% N Pacific 3s 72%
U S 2s coup 109 N Pacific 4s 103%
U S new <a reg 137% N T C & St L 4s.lO7%
U S new te coup. .138% N & W con 4s ilO2
U S old 4s reg 113 Or Nav lsts 107%
U S old 4s coup. ..113 Or Nav 4s 102
U S 3s reg 107% Or Short Line 6s.. 127
CSra coup 109 Or S.Llne con 5s. .117%
Dist of Col 3.65s.. .124 Reading Gen 4s.... 85%
Atchison pen 4s.. ..103% R G W lsts 100%
Atchison xdj 4s 96 S L & I M con Cs.116
Canada So 2ds.....lO9% S L & S F een 6s. 132
Che» & Ohio 4%s..lO6% St Paul cons 173
Ches & Ohio 5s 119 St P C & P lsts... 120
C & NW con 7s... .141 St P C & P 5s 117
C & NWSFdeb 5S.122 So Pacific 4s 92
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 93 Po Railway as 116
Colo Southern 4a.. 8S%| Stand R & T 6s.... 60
D S-. R O 4s 102 Tex & Pac lsts. ...118%
Erie General 4s.... 86 ! Tex & Pac 2ds 99%
F W & D C lsts.. 104 Union Pacific 4s... 104%
Gen Electric 5s.... 200 Wabash lsts 117%
Iowa Central lsts.. 115% Wabash 2ds 112
L & N Uni 4s lOl'.J West Shore 4s 112%
M K & K 2ds S3 Wls Cent lsts...... 87%
M K & T 4s 97 Va Centuries 94
CLOSING BONDS.
8,000 Louisville & Nashville 101%
1,000" Manhattan Elevated 11?^
300 Metropolitan Street Railway 167
3,000 Mexican Central 23
600 Mexican National 8%
1.4C0 Minneapolis & St Louis 106%
10,500 Missouri Pacific .- 99%
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 25
600 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 53
300 New Jersey Central 158
1.100 New York Central 151%
900 Norfolk & Western 47&
Norfolk & Western prefd 87V»
700 Northern Pacific prefd 97%
5,100 Ontario & Western 32Vi
«,800 Pennsylvania 143^4
14.300 Reading 41Mi
1.SCK) Reading 1st prefd i 76%
S.700 Reading 2d prefd 62
100 St Louis & San Francisco 40%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 76^j
S00 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd... i.. 6754
St Louis Southwestern 29
1,100 St Louis Southwestern prefd ...' 59
23,000 St Paul 160H
St Paul prefd ;...JL82%
27.300 Southern Pacific 66%
6.600 Southern Railway 29Vi
1,300 Southern Railway prefd S3?i
4,400 Texas & Pacific 41
Toledo St Louis & Western 20
Toledo St Louis &Western prefd.. 33
3S.600 Union Pacific 99
500 Union Pacific prefd 88
4,400 Wabash 21V4
£.100 Wabash prefd 39vi
Wheeling & Lake Erie 17^
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 28*4
100 Wisconsin Central 21
Wisconsin Central prefd 41
P C C & St Louts 79
Express Comi>anles —
Adams 170
American 190
United States 85
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous —
4,?08 Amalgamated Copper 112%
S00 American Car & Foundry 29%
SCO American Car & Foundry prefd 83
200 American Linseed Oil 23
American Linneed Oil prefd.... GO
600 American Smelting & Refining 53Vs
100 American Smelting & Ref prefd.".... 100'/6
1,700 American Tobacco 133^£
600 Anaconda Mining Co 44V!
1,600 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76%
2,500 Colorado Fuel & Iron 99%
1,000 Consolidated Gas 219
700 Continental Tobacco 67
200 Continental Tobacco prefd 115
400 General Electric 255
£00 Glucose Sui«ar 64%
Hocking Coal .T 19%
International Par>er 20^4
International PaDer prefd 75
700 International Power 93%
Laclede Gas 93
SCO National Biscuit 42
National Lead 19V
100 National Salt 41
•if*) National Salt prefd 74
300 North American 100
... Pacific Coast 63
100 Pacific Mr!! 37
1.300 People's Gas 114
L300 Pressed Steel Car 42%
f-00 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85
400 Pullman Palace Car .204
l.«00 Republic Steel .' 19%
J00 Republic Steel prefd 73%
¦ 1.700 Sugar 142%
3.J0C Tennessee Coal & Iron 62%
1.100 Union Ba: & Par>er Co 15%
Union Bas & Pa^er Co prefd 70Vi
1.3T0 United States Leather 12%
500 United States Leather prefd 78
400 United States Rubber 19
LOOO United States Rubber prefd 57%
06,000 United States Steel 42%
34.800 United States Steel prefd S2
2,530 Western Union 91%
430.000 Shares sold.
' ; . > Percentages.
Clues— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,406,008,208 82.5
Boston 128,717,25a 30.9 - : ....
Chicago 148,479,436 23.5 ....
Philadelphia 85,618,682 14.3 ....
Bt. Loula 40.435,771 41.8 ....
Pltteburg .' 40,184,408 22.6 ....
Baltimore 20.425,344 15.5 ....
Ban Francisco 19,624,345 14.8
Clndcneti 18,142,650 26.9 ....
Kansas City 19,689,441 41.3 ....
New Orleans 7,803,116 19.3 ....
Minneapolis 8,484,532 11.5
Detroit 10,863,072 31.6
Cleveland 13,474,476 23.4 » ....
Louisville 8,320,348 17.1 ....
Providence 6,364,600 17.4 ....
Milwaukee 6,744,356 11.4
St. Paul • 4,621,638 .... 10.2
Buffalo 6,130,040 13.1
Omuha 6,123,191 .... 3.1
Indianapolis 8,699,665 43.4
Columbus. Ohio.... 6.450,800 33.8
KvansvUIe, Ind.... 832.6S4 19.7 ....
Savannah ." 2,084,319 .... 41.1
Denver 3,729,613 8.6
Hartford 2,384.171 6.3 ....
Richmond 4,106,024 67.5 ' ....
Memphis 2,294.621 65.1 ....
Washington 2,008,011 3.2 ....
Peoria 2,170,582 21.8
Rochester 1,850,188 : 15.6
New Haven 1.348,757 9.5 ....
Worcester 1,388.514 " 20.9 ....
Atlanta 1,880,072 • 18.5 ....
Salt Lake City 3.172.29S 100.7 ....
Springfield, Mass... 1,217,240 15.3 ....
Fort Worth 2.068,487 29.0 ....
Portland, Me 1.S28.454 33.9
Portland, Or 1,763.565 11.0
St. Joseph 6,391,660 47.7
Los Angeles 2,729,066 32.7 .'...
Norfolk 1.317.082 9.4
Syracuse 1.052.7C6 13.9 ....
Dea Moines 1,246.417 9.5 ....
Nashville 1.S02.539 16.6
Wilmington, Del... 901,026 .... ¦ 2.2
Fall River ...t 647.900 20.4 ....
Scranton' 1,866.140 29.3
Grand Rapids 1,156.895 5.4
Augusta, Ga 545,879 10.2
Lowell 525,410 8.8 ....
Dayton 1.147,157 9.2
Seattle 2.667,698 41.3
Tacoma 9S7.S91 3.1 • ....
Spokane 1,235,021 29.0
Sioux City 896,977 9.8 ....
New Bedford 292,807 14.6
Knoxvllle, Tenn.... 574.849 5.9
Topeka 1.940.S29 10.1
Birmingham 578,892 ' 27.1
Wichita 543,546 2.0
Blnghamton ........ 335,200 5.3
Maccn 602.000 11.6
Lexington. Ky 495,853 10.0 ....
Jacksonville, Fla... 297,144 38.1 ....
Kalamazoo 469,337 . 2.2 ....
•Akron 725,000 ....
Little Rock ........ 471,500 37.3
Chattanooga 431.236 10.2 ....
Rockford, III 339.609 22.3 - ....
Canton, Ohio 275,500 9.5 i ....
Springfield, Ohio... 311,820 13.0
Fargo, N. D 248.610 17.5
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 228.098 CS.8 ....'
Helena 546.112 23.9 ....
Fremont. Nebr 167.787 85.5 ....
Davenport 872,322 7.2 ....
Toledo .2.424,934 S.6
Galveston 5.955.000 37.6 ....
Houston 6.635,302 63.5 ....
Wilkesbarre 719,247 :... ....
Jacksonville, 111 187.433 36.4 ....
Bloomlngton, 111... 243,144 8.0 ....
Springfield, 111 418,198 19.4
Colomdo Springs... 604,993 .... ....
I Wheeling, W. Va.. 625.5S9 ....
Totals. U. S.... $2, 095, 768, 530 56.6
Totals outside of
New York...... 690,760.327 21.8 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $17,353,962 23.6 ....
Toronto 10,389,309 10.7 ....
Winnipeg 1,860,468 ....
Halifax 1,795,781' ....
Hamilton '... ¦¦ 099.353' : :r
St. John. N. B.... 809,537 .... 13.2
Vancouver ..- 1,258,833 31.7
Totals- ...'. $34,784,123 , 15.3
•Not Included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
NEW YORK. July 28.— The following table,
complied by Bradstreet. shows the bank" clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
July 26. with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Bank Clearings.
WASHINGTON.
Floor, qr aks..... *.S*4.)Hops, bales.......
Potatoes aks 3. 73-0 Bran, sks .- L093
Onions "sks _ 1, 731 J Chicory. bhU 40
Wool, bales— 104
Flonr, qr aks—.— 9,173 Pelts, bdls IT7
Wheat, ctls IL610 Hides. No.- . 210
Barley, ctls 3.620 Leather, rolls 104
Oats, ctls £320! Quicksilver, flska 140
Tallow, ctla 257! Wine, gals 16,000
Sugar, ctls _ 27oiHay. tons -. 164
Beans aks 604 1 MJddnnjrs, sks 210
FOR FRIDAY, JULY 28.
Receipts of Produce.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OfL m bulk.
I3c; Pearl Oil. -in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene. 21c:
deodorized stove gasoline. In bulk. 15c: in.
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases. 20c;
S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c: in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— oSc per gallon in cases and
62c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 100- lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and fine Crushed. 5.73c:
Powdered, 5.33c; Candy Granulated, 5.35c;
Dry Granulated, 5.23c; Confectioners' A,
3.25c; Dry Granulated, 5.25c; Beet Granu
lated, 5.15c; Magnolia A. 4_S3c; Extra C.
4.75c; Golden C. 4.65c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags i
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnoa. hall-bar
rels, 6c; boxes. 6.23c per lb.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1,
73c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
94c; raw, 92c; cases, ac mare; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 85c; China,
Nut, 53@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 63c: cases. 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale
Oil. natural white. 37H@42Hc per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels, 35c; cases, 40c
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, &®S^c:
local make. \»c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags. 32<g33c; Fleece Twine. 7%<S9c; Fruit
Bags, 6%S6c'for cotton and 8%(gS%c for Jute.-
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfield Wel
lington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay.
$5 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wallsend. $3:
Cumberland $12 50 In bulk and $13 73 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Cannel. $10
per ten; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, }3 45 per
2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to brand.
General Merchandise.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: /
BEEF— 6@6?ic for Steers and 5@6c per lb tat
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small. 8®9c per IT*.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®Sc; Ewes, 7@T%c p«r
pound.
LAMB— Spring. m@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 9%<&
fiie: over 200 lb«. «c: feeders. : sows. 20 per
cent off. boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%39&c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands Bell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy saJtf"
Steers. 10%@llc; medium. 9@10c; light, SVs@9c;
Cow Hides. 8%@9%c for heavy and 8^@9c for
light: Stags, 6%c: Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted \eal.
9%@10c: Salted Calf, 10c: Dry Hides. 16®16Hc:
Culls 14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf. 17@17Vic:
Culls" and Brands, 14®15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 15® 30c each: short Wool. 3O@50c each: me
dium, 50@75c; Ions Wool, 75c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2 E0@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for
medium. $1 50@l 75 for small and 50c for Colts:
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 33o: fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatsklni
—Prime Angoras, 73c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%u per lb; choice,
6c: No. 2, 3M@4c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15%c; do. Lambs'. Ho per lb;
Northern, free. 12@13c; defective. 9®llc; Middle
County, free. 10®llc; do. defective. 8@10c:
Southern, 13 months. 8® 9c: Southern, free, 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective, 7 months, 7®8c;
Oregon Valley, fine, 14®l5c; do, medium and
coarse U@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice, 11313c;
do, fair to good, 9@llc: Nevada. 10@llV4c FaU^-
San Joaquin Lambs'. 7%69c.
HOPS— 15<S20c per lb.
half -barrels. 9Uc; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Shoe shops are producing at full capacity,
with orders arriving steadily. »id salesmen are
already placing spring samples In .Western and
Southern markets. Business improves as the
season advances and • local jobbers report July
trade in exceBS of the corresponding month in
any previous year. Dry hides are still in light
demand, with values firmly held, while a few
¦ grades of Chicago country hides are lower.
Variations in the corn market on Monday in
dicated manipulation by stock market inter
ests. Weather reports alone were not suffi
ciently distressing to carry the September corn
option at Chicago to within a small fraction
of 60c, while the withdrawal of support caused
6c lower the following day. j The high prices
prevailed 1 throughout the week, however, and
2.449,921 bushels of old- corn were taken out
of cribs and marketed at big profits. Foreign
buying is insignificant, Atlantic exports for the
week amounting to only 1,042,361 bushels,
against 3,099.897 a year ago, when quotations
were about 15c lower. Wheat prices are more
rational and the movement is heavy. Receipts
for the week were 6.898.528 bushels, against
6,043,997 last year, and Atlantic exports 4,873,309
bushels, against 1,604,935 a year ago.
Failures for the week numbered 198 • in the
United States, against 231 last year, and 28
in Canada, against 2S last year.
* *
New lines of woolen goods for delivery after
October 1 opened at reductions from last year's
prices, as generally expected by the trade.
Supplies of heavy*-weight goods have been re
duced to a satisfactory point and the situa
tion in all branches of the industry is such as
to engender : confidence. Raw woolens, how
ever, thus far fail to reflect the improvement,
quotations remaining unchanged at the lowest
average price in four years. A few of the
most expensive grades are held above former
figures and the bulk of the new, domestic clip
has gone Into the hands of speculators* who
await profitable terms. Cotton goods are dull,
neither buyers nor sellers exhibiting any eager
ness to make propositions. Withdrawals of
prominent concerns from the Fall River sell
ing committee suggest lower prices for print
cloths. . Mills are not fully employed, either
North or South. Quiet conditions In the do
mestic' manufacture, light exports and better
¦weather on plantations caused further depres
sion in raw cotton. * '-. ..•-.•''
A fortnight"- of -the steel strike '¦ has passed
without materially altering the position of the
contestants or. adversely affecting the Industry
as a whole. ; Exceptional activity is noticed
at the mills not affected by the strike and the
movement of structural material for bridges,
buildings and track elevation is Etlll heavy.
Steel bars for j agricultural Implement makers
are firm In price and freely purchased. Rail
ways seek freight cars and rails are sold for
delivery next January. Cotton ties, sheets and
hoops are commanding a premium. Piglron is
accumulating, but producers offer no ¦ conces
sions. Orders for tin plates were not accepted
for delivery before -October 1 when ' the strike
began, owing to the oversold condition of mills.
and distant ' contracts are still taken at' un
changed prices but Jobbers are receiving high
prices for goods deliverable Immediately. Tin
has fallen to the quotations prevailing in May,
owing to the lack of demand here and weak
ness in London. - , . .-<:¦'
NEW YORK, July 26.-R. O. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly' Review, of Trade to-morrow' will say:
division of redemption, shows-: .Available cash
balance, $172,649,657; gold, $98,464,968. •
Meat market as previoulsy quoted.
Small trading on the local slock exchanges.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The strike situation clearing somewhat, but slowly.
Silver a fraction weaker. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures rather weaker. Barley unchanged.
Corn and Oats show a nwre conservative feeling.
Hay trade tied up by the strike. Feedstuff* unchanged.
Beans generally firm; with more changes.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Butter weaker. Eggs easy and slow. Cheese firm.
Poultry in good supply, dull and cheap.
Continued falling off isi receipts of fruit.
Dried fi~uits quiet and featureless.
Provisions as before.
els in 1899 and 2,871,872 bushels in 1898." From
July 1. to 'date -the shipments aggregate 19,736,
981 bushels. ; as against 10,235,592 bushels last
season and 12,544,300 bushels in 1899-1900. -
Business failures in the United States for
the week were 199, '. as against 208- last week;
183 this week a year ago, • 170 in 1839, 189 in
1898 and 259 in 1897,. : ¦
¦ Canadian failures . for the week number 32,
as -against 28 last • week, 13 in* this week a
year ago, 16 in 1899, 34 in 1898 and 32 in 1897.
« — - — ; — *
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., July 28.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1415; steady. Natives, $3 65@4 55; cows
and heifers, $1@4 50; bulls and stags, $2@4 75;
Btockers and feeders. $1 50@3 90: veals, $2@5.
HOGS— Receipts, 13.945. Market mostly_ Be
lower; light and light mixed. »5 55@o 90;
medium and heavy, $5 90@6 10; pigs, $3@4 50;
bulk, . $5 70®5 90. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 3178. Dull and lower.
, CHICAGO, July 26.-K:ATTLE— Receipts, 4500,
Including 525 Texans. Generally steady. Good
to prime steers, $5 35@6;,poor to medium, $4®
5 25; stockers and feeders, $2 40®4 80; cows,
$2 75@4 60; heifers,. J2 25@4 75; canners, $1 25@
2 25; bulls, ; $2 25@4 30; calves, ?3@5 25; Texas
steers, $3@5 60. ,
HOGS— Receipts, 24,000; to-morrow, 14,000; left
over, 4300. Good hogs, steady; bulk of sales
3@10c lower. Mixed and butchers, $5 60® 6 05;
good to choice heavy, $5 90@6 15; rough heavy.
$5 60@5 80; light. $5 75@5 96; bulk of sales, $5 80
@5 95. - . ' • ¦ ¦ . - ; ' • ¦ '
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000. Slow, lower; lambs,
10@15c lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 80®
4 25; fair to choice mixed. $3 25@4 75; Western
sheep. $3 23@4; yearlings, $4@4 60; native lambs.
t3@4 25; Western lambs, $4 40@5 30. ¦ : . , ,
NEW -YORK. July 26.— The cotton market
closed steady, with prices 2@7 points lower* •
' Livestock.
New York Cotton Market.
at $27 75@28. - In' London' values were, advanced
5s, closing spot at £120 and futures at £115 5s.
Ccpperln local circles was Inanimate and nomi
nally unchanged at «17 for Lake : Superior and
$16 62% for casting and electrolytic, with the
London market . also without change at £67
12s 6d for spot and £CS for futures. Lead was
dull and unchanged here, but at London a de
cline of Is 3d was reported. . and ; spot was
quoted at £12. Spelter was -also unchanged at
$3 90<?f3 95. ' In . London values were reduced 23
6d to £16 12s 6d. Domestic Iron markets con
tinue, inactive and unchanged, though steady
in tone. ; Pig; Iron , warrants, $9 50@10; No. 1 1
Foundry, northern, , J15@15'50: j No. ' 2 , Foundry,
southern, S14@14 50: No. 1' Foundry, southern,
$14 75@15 50; No. 1 Foundry, southern soft.
$14 75@15 25. ¦ English markets were quiet and
unchanged. Glasgow closed' at 54s and Mid
dlesboro at 45s. ,
; There is no change whatever in the situa
tion, j except ( that the movement of _ goods by
teams is slowly getting better. •
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium, 13Ho for light.- 14Hc tor
extra light and . 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13*4<M4c; California Hams
13c; Mess Beef, H2 per bbl; extra Mess.- $12 50'
Family. $13 50; pi ime Mess • Perk, $15; extra
clear. $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c
p.er lb. ¦', •
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7<37%c; per Tb'fof
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels,' pure;
lC^c: 10-lb tins. lHic; 5-lb tins. ll^c.
. COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 914e: three
Provisions.
The Davlsville Almond Growers' Association
has*asked for bids for the new crop by August
3 The yield is estimated at 138 cars. 35 be
ing IXL, 40 Nonpareil, 20 Ne Plus Ultra, ' 8
Drake, 20 Lanquedoc, 4 Golden State, 2 Ron
tier, 1 California Paper-shell. Last year's yleM
was 142 cars. ;
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@lCc for new Royals and
"•4c to 14c for standard to -fancy Mooroarka;
.new -Evaporated Apples, 5@7c; new Peaches,
6c for July and 5%c f or August delivery; Pears.
4@8c; Plums, pitted. S@4c; unpitted, %@1%p;
Nectarines, 4@4%c for red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes: 40-5Cs, €%c; 50-60s. 4^4c;
60-TCs. 3%c: 70-SOs, 3Vic: 80-90s. 2%c; SO-lCOs. 2^c;
100-120S. l%c. ' . ¦-. ' ..
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers'. Association
has established the following prices- Bleachec!
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb:< choice, lie,:
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas^ — Fancy. 10Hc per lb;
choice' 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached: Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6V£c; 4-crown, . 7c; 3-croTHi, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 6c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crcwn. 5V£c: seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $150 per box; 3-crown,
11 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Impe
rials, 1 $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California. ' ¦ ¦ .
¦ NTJTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12@12%c; No.
2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10'/4c; No. 2, 6%@
7%c; Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell. 10@llc for
Eoftshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 6@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts,
12©12%c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, J3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9<39^e
for li«:ht amber: water white extracted. 5@5%c;
light "amber extracted. *Q*Mc; dark, 8V4c.
BEESWAX- 25@28c per lb.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— S5c@1l 25 per box for good to choice
and 40@75c for ordinary.
APRICOTS— 15@35c per box, 30@40c per crate;
In bulk, ?10@15 per ton for small and $20<g:5 for
CB.ABAPPLES— 40@73c per box, according to
package.
PLUMS— 30(g75c r>er box and 30@3oc per. bas
ket- Prunes, 40@75c per crate and 4O4f60c per
basket; Green Gages. *15@20 per ton.
PEACHES— 20@50c per box and 20@40c per
basket and $20@25 per ton for Frees and $25@
40 for Clings; Sawyer's Seedlings, per bas
ket *¦
NECTARINES— White, 30@50c per box-; Red,
SQ(H 5Cc ...
PEARS— Bartletts. SI (SI 23 p?r box for No. 1,
35@75c for No: 2 and $20@40 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@4 per chest for Lonjj
worths and $2®4 50 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 50 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— J4<g7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— J4@6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8@10c per.lb.
FIGS— Black, 40@50c per box for single and
$1 50<ff2 for double layers: White. $1. -
MELONS— Nutmegs, 50c®U 50 per box; Can
taloupes, 85c@Sl 25 per half crate and U aO®3 p«r
large crate; Watermelons, from Fresno, 9@kc
dolccc ' ¦ ¦ ¦ " *
GRAPES— Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
5Cc per crate; Fontainebleau and Black, from
Vacaville, 60c@U 10 per box; Tokay, — rP^ 1 "
crate; Muscats, *123@150; seedless, from Han
ford • $1 50. •
CITRUS FRUITS— Mediterranean Sweets,
Valencias and St. Michaels. »1@3 25; Lemons,
BncfffSl 50 for common and $2@3 25 for good to
choice- Grape Fruit. BOcPJl 50: Mexican Limea,
$5 50@6; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$1 5002 .50 per dozen. '.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Receipts were still higher again yesterday,
but the market lacked the snap of the preced
ing day. The retailers reported a falling off
in the demand, which they attributed to the
different strikes, which have taken more or
less people out of employment.' There was no
especial decline in prices, however, and In fact
Peaches advanced on canning account, as will
be seen below. Plums and Prunes ruled firm.
Grapes from Arizona continued to arrive la
bad condition, as for a week back. Pears were
steady and Figs scarce. Berries were slow.
Apricots were hirber.
The strike situation showed no particular
change The number of team3 increases from
day to day and less difficulty is experienced
in receiving and delivering goods, but the move
ment is not yet restored to normal conditions
by any means, and were it not for the light
receipts of fruit the situation would be ae
rlous.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER— Creamery, 20@21c.per lb for fancy
and 19@19%c for seconds; dairy, 14@19c per lb.
CHEESE — New, 9@10c; old, nominal; 1'ocng
Americas. lG@llc per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 17019c for good to fancy;
store, 13S15c per dozen.
Ranch Eggs meet with a fair demand at the
quotations which have ruled for several day*,
but the medium and lower grades are easy
and not very active. Stocks of all descrip
tions are sufficient for current needs.
Receipts were 20,100 pounds and 10 tubs of
Butter, 657 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 7250 pounds of California Cheese,
pounds Oregon Cheese and pounds Eastern
Cheese. • •
Cheese continues Him.
Dealers are quoting a firm or weak Butter
market, according to their stocks. Some are
carrying a good deal, ! while others are lightly
supplied. Fancy creameries will bring the top
quotations.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry continues dull and weak, with plenty
on hand, though prices show 1 no further chax.ge.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, S@Sc for Gobblers
and 8@Sc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 23;
Goslings, *1 12%@1 25; Ducks, $2 50@3 for old
and J3@4 for young; Hens, $3 5C@4; young
Roosters. $4 50@5; old Roosters, $3 50@4: Fryers.
$3 50(^4; Broilers $2 ZOS3 for large and $1 50®2
for small: Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1<8>1 50: Rabbits, $1@1 50 tor
Cottontail and %1 for Brush,
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. il 75@2 25 for
large and 50c@$l 50 for ordinary; Green Peas,
l%@2c; String Beans, l@3c; Llmas. 4@Sc; Cab
bage, 35@40c per ctl. : Tomatoes, from the River,
in- large boxes, 2O@40c; Dried Peppers, 12@18c;
Green Okra. 7%@10c; Carrots. 25@35c per sack;
Cucumbers. Bay. 25@50c; Pickles, lVLc per lb
for small and lc for large; Garlic, 2<gs3c; Green
Peppers 65@$1 per box for Chile and $1@1 • ¦>
for Bell; Egg Plant, 60c©$l 23 per box; Green
Corn, 25c@?l per sack; Alameda. $1@1 25 per
crate; Berkeley. 85*S90c; Summer Squash, large
boxes. 15323c; New" Marrowfat Squash, 1%<§2c
per lb.
ONIONS— Tellow, 90c@$l 10 per ctl.
POTATOES— 80c@$l 15 in sacks and Jl@l 50 in
boxes for Burbanks, 80@9<?c for Garnet Chiles
and 80c@$l for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanfcs,
$125@140..
There was no particular change In anything.
Potatoes and Onions were steady to firm, and
Vegetables continued in large supply and weak.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 45® 2 60; Small White,
$4 90® 5; Large White, $3 40@3 75; Pink, $1 75
m 90; Red. 13 lu@3 25; Blackeye. |3 25@? «}
Limas $6 30@6 40; Red Kidney, $4 25 per ctl. >
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard nominal: Flax. {2 75@3; Canary, «H§J
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. l«iO
2V4c; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 63 per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦ Beans rule firm, with still higher price*. for
several descriptions, especially Pinks, BlacX
eye. Small Whites and Bayos. The demand for
these kinds is very fair.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS-J19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 p«r
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. *25®26: Jobbing.
$2? 50- Cocoanut Cake. $17(318: Corn Meal.
$30 50@3150; Cracked Corn, *31@32; Mixed Teed,
is quotable as follows! Wheat,
$7@9 50: choice. $10: Wheat and^Oat. $6 JO®!};
Oat »6@S 50;- Barley and Oat. $6@8;^Alfalfa.
$7@9- Clover. $5 50©7; Volunteer. *4 oO®5 »0.
STRAW-25@42%c per bale.
, The railroad movement is increasing and flfty
eight cars were delivered at San Francisco. The
Hay dealers were all tied up by the strike,
however, and two at least of the larger con
cerns turned out their horses. The market re
mained as before quoted, though supplies were
accumulating, and some Hay that came in on
Monday remained unsold. *As the largest deal
ers are selling almost nothing, the market Is
getting Into bad shape.
Feed3tuffs show no further change.
BRAN— $1S©18 50 per ton.
Hay. and Feedstuff 's.
Oregon ?2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
J3 75@3' for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 7*
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are . as ' fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour S2 7o;
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, *7; Corn Meal. J3 2a;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $a; Hominy,
$1®4 25; Buckwheat Flour, • $4@4 2o; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: -Farina.- $4 50; Whole c Wheat
Flour. *3 23: Rolled Oats (barrels). $8 S5©8 35;
In sacks. $6 50<S>3; Pearl Barley. 15; Split
Peas, J5; Green Peas, $6 oO per 100 lbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 27, 19 )1.
Dun's Review of Trade.
THE COAST RECORD.
Temperature — 7 a. m., 51 desrees.
SPECIAL. DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
Continued on Page Eleven,
FRIDAY, July 28—2 p. m.
• UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | • Bid. Ask.
4a qaar coup.. .1X3 113%|4s qr cp (new).13SA4139
4s quar res 113 113%|33 quar coup. ..109 109%
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8
AUCTION SALES
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer, Phelan bldg.; Phone Bush MX.
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
nia and Sacramento Strtets.
ELEGANT MODERN FURNITURE
THIS DAY (SATURDAY), July 27. 1901.
At 11 O'clock A. M.. on the Premises.
LEAVENWORTH STREET, between Califor-OAKLAND WOMAN UNDER AR
REST WHO IS BELIEVED TO BE
A KLEPTOMANIAC.
THE NEW TEACHER OF LAT
IN IN THE LOWELL HIGH
SCHOOL.
Licensed to Wed.
OAKLAND. July 26.— The following se
cured marriage licenses at the County
Clerk's office to-day: George W. Hick
man of Oakland, aged 24. and Lillian M.
Sykes of Alameda, aged 20; JohnL. Peter
son of Oakland, aged 25. and Augusta F.
Nielsen of Sausalito. aged 21; Frederick J.
Wilson of Haywards, aged 41, and Meta
D. Nlemyer of Haywards, aged 28. ,
Sets Fire to the Jail.
ASTORIA, July 26.— John Carr, a worth
less character, made an attempt to burn
the City Jail at an early hour this morn
ing by setting flre to the mattress In his
cell. In the Jail were four other prison
ers, one a woman, who pleaded with Carr
to extinguish the blaze. He refused to
do so and the fire got a fairly good start
when the police, attracted by the cries of
the prisoners, rushed Into the jail.
A Silver Anniversary.
i California Lodge of Hermann's Sons
celebrated its silver anniversary on the
25th Inst, and Instead of having a ban
quet, created a fund of $75 to be used In
helping members In. distress. This was
followed by a surprise party by Edelweiss
I-rfidge of Hermann's Sons'- Sisters and
West Berkeley Lodge of West Berkeley
California Lodge, which now has 111
members, has since Its organization dlu^
trtbuted In benefits to Its: memb . r .
$25,116 50 and has $7364 60 In bank. 8
TONS OF DEAD FISH
ON THE LAKE SHORE
Wholesale Destruction of Carp in
the Chabot Reservoir at
Oakland.
Oakland Ofilce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 28.
Tons of flsh have been killed by dyna
mite by order of Manager Arthur L. Ad
ams 6f the Contra Costa Water Company,
who has determined to exterminate all
the carp In I-ake Chabot. The edict that
the carp must go was issued after consul
tation with the Game Commissioners, to
whom It was explained that the finny den
izens of the lake were making a nuisance
of themselves by burrowing In the mud
and spoiling the water. The carp were
further charged with harrying to death
the trout and bass with which the com
pany has been trying to stock the lake.
At first the attempt was made to get the
flsh all out with dragnets, and 15.000 of
them were taken in this way and shipped
to a San Francisco glue factory. This
method was found to h« too slow, and, In
addition, it rolled the water. Then It was
found that the receipts from the sale of
the flsh were not paying for the work of
catching them. So Manager Adams de
cided to make them up into fertilizer and
to kill them with dynamite Instead of tak
ing them out alive. • ,
After a stick of the explosive Is set off
under the water hundreds of dead carp
come to the surface and are gathered up.
They are then burled In trenches, whence
they will be taken and Bold after decay
ing.
When the carp are all cleaned out of
the lake It will be stocked with trout and
black bass.
Dr. A. W. Nieuwenhuis. a noted ex
plorer and medical officer of the Dutch
army, arrived here yesterday from Java
and is at the Occidental. He gives a
graphic account of his explorations In
the island of Borneo, and says that he has
traveled the Island from east to west and
visited places never before traversed by a
white rann.
Dr. Nieuwenhuis says that he com
menced his scientific Investigations In
1894, when ho led an exploring party Into
the central part of Borneo. After his re
turn to Java, where he was stationed, he
decided to explore the entire Island of
Borneo. He was advlaed against making
the trip, as It was considered too dan
gerous, but he would not be dissuaded
He started In 1898. accompanied by two
Europeans and threo natives. They land
ed on tho west coast of Borneo and trav
eled alone the banks of the River Kol
boas Into tha interior of the island Ha
next traveled to the source of the River
Kolboaa. Hero h« waa stopped by natives
and told he could go no farther. Thov
allowed him to remain with them how
ever, and the Dayak tribes became
friendly with him afier he had t?e£t2d
them for malaria, from which they all
eeenied to suffer. x
They finally granted him permission to
contlnuo his Journey. ,He was greatly
handicapped, as there was a great famine
In tho country and he eoul<f not seoure
enough r ce to provide food for himself
and carriers during the trip projected
He was In consequence forced to live with
the natives for eight months, and during
that time he had a splendid opportunity
to study their manners, lie savs that al
though not civilized they are grent mas
ters In some arts, especially carving on
wood and stone. Tho men and women
confine their dress to a strip of cloth
tied around their loins. The men ma?ry
when 21 years old Rnd take but one wife
Tho matrimonial vows are lived ud to re
ligiously.
.. Afte £ a ,J? t 5 y ?£ 5 ev & r . aI months the na
tlves decided that Nieuwenhuis 1 partv
could continue its Journey, as the birds
which the natives watched superstltlouq
ly. were flying in the right direction Dr
Nieuwenhuis then continued his Journnv
without incident and was met on the
eastern coast by Sultan Koeter. The lsl
and is owned by the Dutch with. the ex
ception of a portion of the northern coast
which was settled In 1S43 by an English
man named Brooke. Brooke ru'ed the
natives there until his death, when h«
was succeeded by his nephew.
Dr. Nieuwenhuis is on his way to Hoi
land, where he will deliver a course of
lectures.
Dr. Nieuwenhuis of Dutch
Army Tells of His
Travels.
VISITS WESTERN
PART OF BORNEO
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. July 26.— What is
probably the only telephone system In tho
world to be operated entirely by Indiana
Is being Installed in tho village of Klsh-
Ple-Axe, In Northern British Columbia.
The system is to be connected by a twen
ty-mile telephone wire from the telegraph
office at Hazelton, half way between Aah
croft and Atlin.
Klsh-Ple-Axe is the largest settlement
of Indians In the northern Interior. There
are more than 1000 men In the big camp.
Recently a telegraph line was built by
the Dominion Government from Port
Simpson, on the coast, to Hazelton. at the
headwaters of the Skeena River. The In
dians along the route are Intelligent men,
engaged much In fishing on the coast.
Only by connecting Hazelton with the big
settlement at Klsh-Ple-Axa could the tele
graph line be made of use to them. Now
telegraph messages may bo transmitted
rlRht to their wigwams.
The money for tho system was sub
scribed entirely by tho Indiana. The Rev.
Jamra Pierce. Indian mlBslonary. pur
chased the outfit and to-day an Ameri
can electrician lett for thfe north to put
thn finishing touches on the system and
Instruct the Indians In operating It. Thero
will be more than VA telephone wires con
nected with the dwellings of the more in
fluential Indians who havo put up the
money for the new service. The braves
are jubilant over thn innovation and con
sider Jt n Rreat movement In tho educa
tion of their sons and daughters In the
ways of civilization.
Telephone System for a
Northern Indian
Village.
Meets Death Suddenly.
OAKLAND, July 26.— Henry Behnsen, 85
years of age. was found dead this morn
ing on the porch of his residence at 29
Tobler avenue, Fruitvale. Death was due,
it is believed, to natural causes.
"TALKING WIRES"
IN THE TEPEES
QH. STOKES, who for seven
years past has been principal
of the Marysville schools, has
O Just been chosen as instructor
In Latin in the Lowell High
School. He has resigned his
position at Marysville and will assume
his duties in San Francisco at once.
Mr. Stokes was reared in San Francisco
and educated in its schools. He was a
pupil at the Lowell High School and dur
ing his preparation there for the univer
sity he was particularly proficient in Lat
in. He was graduated from the Univer
sity of California with the class of 1890.
Since graduation he has been continu
ously occupied with teaching and grad
uate study, making a specialty of Latin.
During the seven years that Mr. Stokes
has had charge of the Marysville schools
he has brought them up to a high stand
ard of excellence, and pupils and parents
alike feel keen regret at his resignation,
but pleasure at his advancement as an
educator.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
I11S Broadway, July 26.
XThlle working on the dredger Gypsy
off the Oakland broad-gauge mole Charles
Magnus was caught in the drum of a
Fteam windlass at 5 o'clock this afternoon
and crushed to death. The unfortunate
workman was almost instantly killed, his
neck Wdb broken and his body and limbs
terribly roasglpd.
Marnus had been handling hoisting
rearinjr. which was bpinjf employed to
rai^e the heavy anchor timbers used to
hold the hie dredgrr in position when It
Is at work. The large windlass* which
was opcraicjj by strara, waa winding the
cable on th» sterl drum and Mukihis 'was
trading the heavy rope when he wan
<3rain;rd inio the machinery.
The «crldent occurred so suddenly that
befuro The enjrineer could bo warned to
Mop the marhlne Magnus had bc»»n drawn
between the windlass Arum and the heavy
framework upon which the machinery
ww fixed. He was nulled into the swiftly
mortnjr rjiinder head foremost and
wedgfd fast brtwrrn It and the deck.
Ma sir.::-. wa» dead before hl« workmates
rould oxtricaji* his body from the wind
lass, and ail that wa* left for tho mon
to do was to summon the Coroner to take
rharps of the body. Deputy Coroner
(Juellcn removed the mangled remains to
the Morgue, where an inquest will bo
held. Magnus wax 47 years old and a na
tive of Sweden. He resided with his wife
and two children at SIS East Fourteenth
Ftrtrt.
The dredstr upon whlrh Magnus met
•Irath has been pumping mud Into tha
fill between the mole and the Southern
Pacific i>hop and yard tracks at the eftst
«*nd of the mole.
Dredger Hand Is Almost
Instantly Killed "While
at His Work.
CLTIVELAXD, Ohio. July 26.— Amid the
enthusiastic cheers of nearly 10,000 people
Cresceus, world's champion trotting stal
lion, again demonstrated that he is the
king of all trotters by going a mile to-day
over the Glenville track in 2:02%. This
establishes a new world's trotting record
for both sexes, displacing the former
world's record of 2:03»4, held by The Ab
bott,
Owing to the heavy rain of last night
the track was not In the best of condition
to-day, and it was about 6:30 p. m. before
it was deemed to be In sufficiently good
shape to warrant the attempt. At that
time the sun's heat had been replaced by
cool breezes. Even then there were few
horsemen who looked for a mile better
than 2:06.
After having been given several prelim
inary miles, George Ketchum came out
with the stallion to attempt what seem
ed an Impossible feat. Ketchum nodded
for the word In the third score, the horse
trotting like a machine. Accompanied by
a runner, the chestnut stallion fairly flew
to the Quarter, the timers' watches regis
tering Just SO seconds. As Cresceus swung
into the back stretch he waa Joined by a
second runner, and, although many pre
dicted that the footing: was such as would
retard bis speed, he reached the half
in l:0L
When the time was hunff out the im
mense crowd broke- Jnto cheers. The
three-quarter pole was reached In 1:31%,
and as the great stallion trotted Into the
stretch, a runner on either side, his fric
lionless, machine-like stride was fairly
eating up the distance. Never faltering,
notwithstanding the terrific clip, he fairly
flew to the wire, not being touched once
by the whip, his sole urging being the
driver's voice and th« thundering hoof
beats of the accompanying runners.
When the time for the mile was an
nounced, 2:02%, the immense crowd fully
realized that a new world'* record had
been established. Ketchum and his fa
vorite stallion received an ovation euch as
has been seldom witnessed on a racetrack.
Thousands of enthusiastic people rushed
out on the track and Ketchum was lifted
from the 6ulky and carried to the grand
stand on tho shoulders of admirers. Cheer
after cheer rent the air and the name of
Cresceus was upon the lips of all.
"Ketchum! Ketchum!" yelled the crowd,
and the owner of the sturdy son of Rob
ert McGregor was almost carried to the
judges' Etand. •where he delivered a brief
address.
Cresceus row not only holds the ¦world's
trotting record for both sexes, but last
¦week at the Detroit grand circuit meeting,
by trotting: In 2:06?i and 2:05 in his race
against Charley Herr. secured the world's
record for the two fastest heats ever
trotted in a race, his second mile in 2:05
also being a new world's record for the
fastest mile ever trotted in a race and
also the fastest second heat ever trotted.
Summary:
First race, 2:1S class, trotting, purse $1500—
Charley Mac won first, fifth and sixth heat*.
Best time. I:1?H. All Right won third and
fourth heats. Best time. 2:13. Susie J won
feeond heat in 2:15. Alice Carr, Kula Me. Round,
Stockton. Effie G and Ononta also started.
Second race, free-for-all pace, purse $2500—
Anaconda won in two straight heats. Best time.
2:O6. Connor, Coney and Indiana also started.
Third rac*. 2:31 class, pacing:, -purse. $1500 —
Hsrcld H won in thre* straight beats. Beet
time. 2:0g. Balmy L, Pussy Willow. Council
Chimes, llajor Marshall and Albert Ellison also
started. ¦ *
Fourth rac*. 2:23 class, trottlngr. purse $1200 —
Coipy Tron second and third heaxs. Best time, j
-:1SV Algoneta won firrt heat in *:lt Nut 1
Bearer. Blue Flower, Betsy Ross. Ted, Saint
Iiario, Celeste and Edna Dillon also started. !
DRAWN TO DEATH
BY A WINDLASS
Sensational Speed Perform
ance on the Glenville
Track.
WORLD'S RECORD
FOR CRESCEUS
King of All Trotters Es
tablishes a New .
Mark.
Continued From Page Three.
MANILA, July 26.— General Hughes ca
bles the news of the first surrender of in
surgents in the island of Samar, 500 men,
with two field guns, thirty rifles and sev
enty bolos, giving themselves up to the
authorities.
The opinion prevails among United
States officers that It will take years to
accomplish the economic programme of
General Cortyn. The civil and educational
authorities hold that a continuance of the
protection over minor posts is necessary
aside from that afforded by the con
stabulary. It is generally expected that
the concentration will be more gradual
than is anticipated in Washington.
The first meeting of the Legislative
Chamber,; held to-day, ¦was largely at
tended. Commissioner Wright, speaking
of the charter of Manila, said the same
reasons that controlled In making Wash
ington the Federal city obtained In Ma
nila, and Washington, he declared, was
the best governed city in the world.
Representatives of the Spanish Cham
ber of Commerce. vehemently opposed the
charter, asserting that it was inconsist
ent with the principles of the freest gov
ernment on earth to deny the- right of
suffrage to the residents of the metropolis
while granting it to those of other locali
ties. They also declared that the proposed
system of government for Manila was far
less liberal than that offered by the Span
ish authorities, who proposed to make the
representatives of the districts in Manila
elective by the people.
Former Major Shields of the Thirty
third Infantry, U. S. V., has been ap
pointed purchasing agent, vice Lieutenant
Massey, deceased.
POLICE USE THEIR CLUBS ON CROWDS
John Cullen, 19 years of age, was bru
tally beaten and robbed by three foot
pads last night about midnight on Golden
Gate avenue/between Polk, street and
Van Ness avenue. The thieves, not con
tent with relieving him of his gold watcb,
knocked him down. beat, him over the
head with a revolver and kicked him in a
brutal manner. » .
Cullen reported the hold-up to the po
lice and then went to the Emergency Hos
pital to have his wounds dressed. His
scalp was lacerated in several places, one
of his eyes was completely closed and his
body badly, bruised. Cullen, in telling of
the robbery and assault, said:
"The men must have followed me from
a Market-street restaurant. I walked up
Market street after leaving the eating
house to Larkin and along Larkin to
Golden Gate avenue. I was walking along
the avenue and had just passed Polk
street, when a man "jumped out in front
me, pointed a pistol at my head and
'Give me th_at rock.' By the rock he
meant my diamond scarf pin. I had taken
it out of my tie after leaving the restau
rant and put it in my pocket, which is
proof that they followed me from there.
Hardly had the footpad made the demand
when he was joined by two other men,
and the three jumped me. They kicked
me and punched me and the man with the
pistol struck me on the head several
times with it. '
"Some one of the three grabbed my
watch and then the trio ran away." ,
As soon as the robbery was reported
several police officers hurried to the scene
of the crime, but were unable to locate
any of the thugs. Owing to the darkness
Cullen was unable to see the men plain
enough to describe them clearly.
ISLAND ARMY
TIRES OF WAR
Take His Gold Watch After
Knocking Him Down and
: Kicking Him.
Three Footpads Hold
Up Young Man at
Midnight.
BRUTALLY BEAT
YOUTHFUL VICTIM
H.' Wittenberg, connected with the Port
land Cracker Company, arrived' from
Portland. yesterday and registered at tho
Grand. '
Oakland Divorce Cases.
OAKLAND.'. "July 26.— David Fenster
maker has sued Mary Fenstermaker for
divorce on the ground of desertion. • *
Annie Nlckerson has brought suit for
divorce from 'Nathaniel J. Nlckerson for
failure to, provide.
Eva -Watson has begun a' divorce suit
against John- H. Watson on the same
ground. •
Defeat for a San Franciscan.
HELENA, ilont., July 2b'.— After fight
ing one minute and fifty seconds of tha
eleventh round "Kid" Oglesby of Helena
knocked out Billy Armstrong of San
Francisco in this city to-night. In the
first two rounds Armstrong did tho forc
ing and landed often, but from that time
on Oglesby continually Jabbed his left to
Armstrong's face, wearing him out. Th»
fight was to have been twenty rounds for
a $1500 purse, and was witnessed by about
2000 people.
Longer Title for King Edward.
LONDON. July J 26.— In the House of
Lords to-day Lord Salisbury, the Pre
mier, Introduced a bill authorizing King
Edward to assume by proclamation with
in six months of the adoption of the bill
such title as he may think fitly recognizes
his dominion beyond the seas. The Pre
mier ¦ added this title would pVobably ¦ be
as follows: 4 . -
"Edward VII, by the grace of- God, of
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Ireland; of British Dominions Beyond- the
Seas, King, Defender of the Faith and
Emperor of India." • .
Califomians in New York.
NEW YORK. July 26.-The following
Callfornians are in New York: From San
Francisco — Miss - Battles, at Normandie;
J. E. Cottle, at Sinclair; E. B. Holladay,
at £avoy; M..A. Newell and wife, at Hol
land: Miss C. Seaton. Mrs. T. L. Seaton.
at Marlborough; M., D. Connolly, at As tor.
From Los Angeles— W. Blackstone, JC.
B. Blackstone, at Murray Hill; M. M.
Bennett, at St. Denis; F. M. Bradshaw,
at Herald Square. \
PERSONAL MENTION.
State. Sena tor Thomas Flint Jr. of Sxn
Juan is at the Palace.
Judge S. Solon Holt of Sacrament* ta
spending a few days at the Grand.
W. W. Chapln. a Sacramento manufac
turer of Iron pipes. Is at the Palace.
Herman Volfcenlng. a whisky merchant
of Louisville, Ky., Is a guest at the Lick.
Charles O. Bonner, one of the most ex
tensive fruit growers In the Stfet* and
a resident of Fresno, is at the Grand.
P. H. Tledmann, who Is In the Russian
diplomatic service, arrived here on tlie
Coptic yesterday. He 13 en rou*e to St.
Petersburg. . . ."
J. J. McCarthy. ex-Collector of the Port
of Boston and a prominent Republican
politician, arrived here yesterday, ac
companied by hla daughter. They are
staying at the Palace.
¦ W. B. Beaizley, Deputy Clerk of th»
United States Circuit Court, has returned
from a vacation In Del Norte County, near
the Oregon boundary line. He reports
deer hunting in Oregon a success.
OAKLAND FEELS THE EFFECTS.
OAKLAND, July 26.— The Draymen's
Association has notified the Teamstera'
Union that teamsters must report for
duty by Monday, otherwise the employers
will resume operations under police guard,
if necessary. There Is a sort of tacit un
derstanding that so far as San Francisco
freight is concerned nothing will be
moved this week, tho draymen practically
conceding the lay-off of thejr men. But
Monday morning the teamsters will be
expected to report for duty, no matter
what are the conditions across tho bay.
The men aro satisfied with the schedule
of hours and wages, and having .shown.
their sympathy with the striking team
stera In San Francisco, manifest no dis
position ttf mako troublo for tholr own
employers.
Both the employers' and the teamsters'
organizations hold meetings to-night to
discuss the situation, but no now action
wns decided upon by cither.
Teamsters nre now laying off at the
Feyeral express companies as follows:
Peoples', <0; Austin's, 10; Oakland Parcel
and Delivery, 15; Merchants', 10; Jones',
10; Kellogg's, B; Patterson's, 5; Univer
sity, 6;. Logon's, 5; Druck'er's, 6;. Hay
wards, r>; San Leandro, r>, ranking a to
tal of ISO men out.
Strike Reaches Berkeley.
BERKELJ3Y, July 26.— The teamsters'
strike has reached this city, and all
drivers of express wagons running 'be?
tween here and San Francisco have been
called off. Local merchants are feeling
the effects of the strike and are complain
ing of financial loss.
Drivers of the People's, Patterson's and
Logan's express • companies ¦ have quit
work, but the owners are still running a
few wagons across the bay. Expressmen
conducting a local business do not expect
to be affected by the strike.
Barbers to Meet Legislators.
A mass-meeting of the local barbers will
be held on Monday night at 32 O'Farrell
street at 9 o'clock, under the auspices of
the Journeyman Barbers' Protective
Union, to which have been Invited mem
bers of the local' Board of Health, the
members of the State , Board of Barber
Examiners, Senator E. I. Wolfe. Assem
blyman Bert Schleslnger and members of
the Master Barbers' Association, to dis
cuss the sanitary regulations proposed by
the State Board of Barber Examiners
and other matters of Interest to the craft.
Butchers Elect Officers.
Journeymen Butchers 1 Protective and
Benevolent Association has elected the
following ofnceYs: Past president, Frank
Weiss; president, Hermann May; vice
president. Frank Kraner; conductor,
James Howard: recording secretary, Ben
Davis; - financial secretary. . George
Schade; treasurer. Ben Oswald; marshal,
C. R. Archambault; inside guard. O. Ar
chambault; outside guard, James Isaacs;
labor secretary, M. R. Yaeger.
. .-.¦ -• ¦ ¦¦• — ¦ ¦ ' - '¦¦
Theatrical Machinists Satisfied.
The executive committee of the Theat
rical Machinists deny most emphatically
that any trouble exists In that organiza
tion. The executive committee of the as
sociation met. last night after the close
of the theaters and decided to issue a
statement to-day setting forth the situa
tion. IN: •-.
OAKLAND, July 26.— Police detec
tives, armed with warrants, to
day arrested; Mrs. Mary C. Tee
ple and Mrs^E. C. McConnell, her
sister, to whose residence. 30
Sixth street, was traced by trail of earth
a lot of Jardinieres which had been stolen
from the residence of John K. Orr at 149
Eighth street. The warrants were sworn
to" by Orr, who demanded that there
should he a thorough investigation of the
disclosures made by the successful search
for his missing garden pots. The revela
tions to-day have thrown a strange color
upon what the police declare is one of the
most remarkable cases ever brought to
their attention.
Besides the Jardinieres, flower pots, val
uable plants and the like that the detec
tives found at the Teeple home yesterday,
there was uncovered to-day nearly two
' score more of such ornaments, of all eorts
of sizes, shapes and manufacture, that
¦were hidden In trunks and out of the way
corners in the cellar. All of these were
removed to the police station, where not
a few. were identified by prominent peo
ple as v having been stolen from. their gar
dens during the past year and a half.
' Work of a Kleptomaniac.
That the thefts were the acts of a klep
tomaniac the police are convinced. They
believe that Mrs. Teeple Is responsible for
most of the purloining, but they can flni
no reason for the thieving Bave that the
unfortunate woman Is afflicted with an un
controllable desire to steal. The case ap
peals even to the hard-headed detectives
as pathetic. When they were sent on
their unpleasant mission this morning
Mrs. Teeple was found hugging her baby
of nine months and in a state of nervous
prostration. Her husband, Harry C. Tee
ple, a Southern Pacific Company conduc
tor, home from a run, was astounded at
the revelations. He declared absolute Ig
norance of the manner In which the stolen
¦wares had been taken Into his home. ' ¦
"As Boon as I learned of this dreadful
occurrence," he «"ald, "I went through the
house myself and found many of th« hid
den vases and pots, all of them being
sent at once to the police station. While
I feel positive that many of them woro
purchased by my wife, I do not want one
of thorn In my house. My wife Is in a
terrible condition., and I fear she will try
to commit suicide. I cannot imagine what
Is the trouble.".' •
8o far as the arrest of the slater la con
cerned, the police explain that Orr,de
manded that both women should be ac
cused, because they were both In the
house when hln stolen goods were discov
ered, and neither of them gave satisfac
tory explanations.
MrB. McConnell recently returned from
an Eastern trip. Mrs. M. Carroll, mother
HAXF-FABE. ORDINANCE
IS PARTIALLY EVADED
Complaint wan made to Mayor Phelan
yesterday that the Sutter-street Railway
Company was not complying with the
terms of the ordinance providing for half
fares for school children recently passed
by the Board of .Supervisors. A lady giv
ing the name of Mrs. Hastings informed
his Honor. that the officials of the road
were imposing onerous conditions upon
pupils who desired to avofl themselves of
the half -fare privilege not specified in the
ordinance. ,
Mrs. Hastings, who has a son attending
the Grant School, alleges that pupils are
compelled to write their signatures in the
office of the. company, whereas the ordin
ance provides that the principals of the
schools shall certify to the correctness of
the signatures of pupils.
Another cause for complaint is that the
conductors on the, road have been In
structed not to accept the half- fare tick
ets from pupils who get on the car before
school is let out. As a consequence of
the company's, action pupils living along
the lines of • the • Sutter-street railway
are declining to take advantage of the
ordinance and are paying full fare. The
Mayor will call the matter to the atten
tion of the Board of Supervisors to ascer
tain if the ordinance is being violated,
and if so steps will be taken to compel
the line. to comply with Its provisions.
of the •women, is well-to-do, and so far as
the police can ascertain there was abso
lutely no reason why there should be
theft of such articles as have been found.
Owners Identify Their Property.
A number of pieces of pottery ', among
the vases and pots found at the Teeple
residence were identified to-day by the
owners. Miss Edna Shatter Orr, daughter
of J. K. Orr, found the jardinieres thac
had been stolen from their residence.
Mrs- A. M. Wilkinson, residing at 195
Eighth street, recognized several jars sho
had recently lest. From East Oakland
came H. Abrahamson, who identified sev
eral pieces of ornamental pottery that had
been stolen from his residence. Miss A.
C. Drynen found a large blue jar that wan
stolen a year and a half ago from her
home at 227 Tenth street. Mrs. T. A. Crel
lin secured a Japanese dwarf oak 'which
had been taken from her residence, 1361
Jackson street, and also recovered two
large Jardinieres that were removed from
the entrance to her home several months
ago.
Mrs. Thomas Hagan. who resides at 94$
Oak street, uncovered one large garden
pot which had been stolen from her resi
dence.
Former Mayor M. C. Chapman Identified
two large terra cotta pots that had
formerly stood on the front porch of hla
residence.
The police have no doubt that many
more will be Identified by the owners.
Detectives Are Mystified.
The detectives are as yet undecided as
to the way the thefts were accomplished.
Some of the Jars, tilled with earth,
weighed 140 pounds. That a slender wom
an of Mrs. Teeple' s physique could have
carried them off seems incredible to the
fiollce, who feel positive that If she were
he thief there must have been assistance
given in her strange marauding expedi
tions. . •
Teeple is practically exculpated by the
detectives, ' and as to actual connection
with the thefts Mra. McConnell Is not se
riously considered. Her actions in trying
to shield some one when the police in
vaded the residence yesterday were such
that she was jointly accused with her sis
ter.
' Teeple retained Attorney George E. da
Oolla to defend nis wife and sister. Ball
was furnished for their appearance In
court.
"Mrs. Teeple Is undoubtedly a klepto
maniac," said the attorney. "She had ac
cumulated these vases and Jars, many of
them. In her house as ornaments. Her
husband believed she bad purchased
them, and thinking "he had a fad for that
sort of thing made no objection. He knew
nothing of the ntuff that was hidden tn
the trunks, and It was not until after tha
disclosures of yesterday that ho gave any
thought to what might be In the cellar.
Then he uncovered everything he could
find to turn over to the pollen."
Acting Chief of Police Wilson said:
"This case la truly remarkable. The
woman could have had no Incentive to
steal. She does not tteem to have disposed
of any of the property to her own advan
tage. Much of It was burled away in a
cellar, where It could not be of use to
any - one. The detectives say that i Mrs.
Tcoplo always told her husband that the
Jardinieres, which she displayed about the
hquse, had been purchased. It Is one of
those cases that Rive the police and the
medical men something to ponder over."
MAKE CHARGES AGAINST
WHARFINGER HENDERSON
The Baggage Solicitors' Union No. 1975,
through Its president, Fred W. Ketler
man, will file charges to-day with the
Board of Harbor Commissioners against
Chief Wharfinger Percy Henderson^ alleg
ing that he is a member of a transfer
company doing business on . the water
front and that v he has, discriminated
against certain transfer companies in the
pursuit of legitimate business.
The complaint ! drawn up by the union
alleges that Henderson is a member of
the "Oceanic Transfer Company" and
that he allows his alleged partners, Cur
tin, Bailey and Leraraen, to seek business
on Broadway and Oceanic docks, while in
his capacity as Chief Wharfinger he does
not allow the . complainants or their
friends to enter the docks to seek cus
tomers. ¦ . ' ¦
. The complainants ask the Harbor Com
missioners to make an investigation and
to discipline Henderson in the matter.
BERLIN. July 26.— The Relchsanzelares
to-day publishes a draft of the new cus
toms tariff law and the customs rate3«
The bill stipulates that in any new com
mercial treaties entered into by Ger
many the duties shall not be lower than
5 marks on rye, o'~ marks on wheat; 3
marks, on barley and 5 marks on oats.
The duties on grain, provisions arrd cat
tle are as published Ia3t week by tha
Stuttgarter Beobaehter and already
cabled from Berlin, with the exception ofi
potatoes, which are exempt.
The tariff bill, as presented by th«
Reichsanzeiger, fills a pamphlet of 167
pages. The duties on grain are the same
as published in the Stuttsarter Beobach
ter. The duty on maize is 4 mark3 per
metric hundredweight, without minimum;
the duty on barley is 4 marks per metric
hundredweight maximum, and 3 mark3
per . metric hundredweight minimum.
Cloverseed will pay a duty of 5 marks per
metric hundredweight: rice .is 4 marks
per metric hundredweight: malt or bar
ley will pay 4H marks per metric hun
dredweight, while other malt will pay 9
marks. Cotton is free, while hops will pay
40 and hop meal 60 marks per metric hun
dredweight.
Tax on Hard Wood.
Most vegetables will be free of duty.
Apples, unpacked or in sacks, will be free
of duty; packed in other ways will pay
a duty of 6 marks. H3rd woods, not
sawed, wfll pay 20 pfennigs per hundred
weight, or 1 mark 8 pfennigs per solid
metre; soft woods, not sawed, will pay
20 pfennigs per hundredweight, or 1 mark
20 pfennigs per metre. Hard woods,
sawed, will pay 1 mark 25 pfennigs per
hundredweight, or 10 marks per solid me
tre: soft woods, sawed, will pay 1 mark
25 pfennigs per hundredweight, or 7 marks
50 pfennigs per solid metre. Barrel stave3
will pay 30 pfennigs per hundredweight.
Horses worth from 300 marks to 2300
marks are scaled under the tariff law to
pay duties ranging from SO marks to 300
marks apiece, reef cattle 25 marks, young
cattle 15 marks, cattle 4 marks and hogs
10 'marks. Fresh meat will pay 30 marks
per hundred weight; prepared as table
delicacies they will pay 75 marks per hun
dred weight, meat extracts 30 marks per
hundred weight, sausages 45 marks, lard
12 marks 50 pfennigs per hundred weight,
and oleomargarine will pay the same as
butter. Cheese will pay SO marks per hun
dred weight. All flour except oat flour
will pay 13*2 marks per hundred weight,
while oat flour will pay 16 marks. Cotton
seed oil in casks will pay 12*i marks, and
not In casks 20 marks per hundred weight.
Sugar will pay 40 marks .per hundred,
weight, as will fruit sugars, glucose, dex
trin, etc. Margarine butter will pay 30
marks. Artificial lards will pay 12%
marks.
Fruit preparations will pay 73 marks,
and in brandy 80 marks per hundred
weight. AH hermetically sealed foods oth
erwise unspecified will pay 75 marks per
hundred weight, itaw tobacco will pay S3
marks per hundred weight, as will the
stems of raw tobacco. Stemmed tobacco
leaves and chewing tobacco will p'ay ISft
marks per hundred weight: cigars and.
cigarettes will pay 120 marks. Petroleum
will pay 10 and 6 marks per hundred,
weight, according to its quality. "Wool will
be admitted free. Leather will pay from
30 to 50 marks, and shoes from 85 to 130
marks per metric hundred weight.
Metal Work and Machines.
"Wood manufactures will be taxed as fol
lows, per metric cwt.. In marks: Planed
wood. 6; further manufactured, 10; pre
pared flooring. 6 to 18; furniture mada
from hard wood, 12; In the rough. 15; fin
ished furniture of soft wood. 8: in the
rough, 12 marks. Finished plgiron. one
mark per metric cwt.; domestic piping: for
walls, above 75 millimeters, in rough, 3;
same finished. 4^a marks: for the same,
below 75 millimeters. In the rough. 6, and
the latter finished, 9 marks; rollers, rough.
&V& marks; finished. 10 marks. Fine cast
ings will pay 24 marks; rails and blooms.
1 mark 50 fennigs; wrought bars and
hoops, 1 to 5 marks; sheets, 5 marks 50
pfgs. to 7 marks; rough wire will pay
from 3 to 6; polished or galvanized 'will'
pay from 3 marks 50 pfgs. to 6 marks:
steam boilers will pay from 5 to 8 marks
per cwt.; spades and shovels will pay 6;
forks. 10,. and saws, 15 to 20; files. 10 to 40:
rough screws. 5; finished screws. 12; alum
inum, hammered or rolled, will pay 12
marks; lead, rolled. 3; copper, wrought or
rolled, 12; copper wire. 12.
Locomotives will pay from 9 to 11 marks
per metric hundredweight. Steam enjrines
will pay S^i marks per hundredwelght.
Sewlnp machines 35. The duties on. ma
chinery for wood. Iron and stone workinjc
will rang© ¦ from 20 marks on machines
weighlpg two and a half -hundredweight
to 4 marks on machines weighing ten tons.
Steam threshers and mowers will pay 9.
while on other machinery the duties will
ranee from 3 marks 50 pfennigs to IS
marks per metric hundredweight. Th»
duties'on dynamos and motors range from
10 marks on machines welschini? five hun
dredweight to 60 marks on dynamos and
motors welgnlnjr from five to thirty hun
dredweight. Telesrraph and telephone «p
paratu9 will pay 60 marks. The rtutte* on
wagons will range from 2n to 150 mark*.
Bicycles will pay 13f» marks. whfT«s btt*
gles and carriages will pay from 100 to »v>
marks. Bicycle parts, roujrh. 40: finished.
I'D. Pianos and orpins will pay 40 and
pipe organs 25.
All the forepnlnjr dntles are r*ckon»<*
per metric hundredweight. Section 9 «C
this tariff law provides that dutiable
poods sent to Germany from eountrt**
treating German ahlna and O*nn»n roods
more unfavorably than those of oth*r
countries may t>*> assessed at double th«
rates provided for tmder this law or to>
the full value of these ?ood*. and that
duttablo goods arrtvtnc from such coun
tries thnt are on the free list may b« as
sessed 50 per cent of thefr full value.
Stipulations Made About Da
ties Under Future
Treaties.
New Schedule Prepared
in Empire of the
Kaiser.
GERMANY FIXES
CUSTOMS RATES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 27; 1901.
Further Search of.Her Home Brings to Light Many
Costly Garden Pots and Jardinieres Stolen
During the Past Two Years From Residences
DETECTIVES STRONGLY BELIEVE
MRS. TEEPLE IS A' KLEPTOMANIAC
YOUNG EDUCATOR MADE MEMBER
OF LOWELL HIGH SCHOOL STAFF
G. H. Stokes, for Seven Years Principal of the
Marysville Schools, Receives Appointment as
Teacher of Latin in San Francisco Institution
9
Thinty of It I
Tou can go to Stockton and return for $2.00,
Saturday, July 27th, via the Santa Fe, and re-
turn Sunday or Monday. - / .
POSTTJM CEBEAX.
SIGNS OF PARALYSIS
Can Be Discovered in Time.
"Numbness of the hand's and arms, with
premonitions of paralysis, kept by mo
while I was using coffee. I finally discov-
ered It was caused by coffee. When I quit
the coffee and began drinking Postum
Food Coffee the numbness ceased entirely
and I have been very well ever since. At
that time I was unable to sleep, but now
I Bleep perfectly.
"Husband was also troubled from lack
of sleep while he was drinking coffee, but
now he uses Postum Food Coffee with me
eYid we both deep perfectly. Our little
boy had peculiar nervous spells, and I
stopped the use of coffee with him and ;
have ben giving him all the Postum Food '
Coffee he care.l for. He is perfectly well
now.
"My sister was troubled with nervous
headaches while she used coffee. She
found how greatly improved we were from
discontinuing it and using Postum Food
Coffee, eo she made the change and Is
now rid of her nervous headaches. We
are naturally strong advocates of Pos- <
turn." Mrs. J. Walford, Castalia, Erie
County, Ohio. ITHE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 27, 1901.
10
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
A PAINTER and paperhanger seeks employ-
ment In ekher city or country : town; steady
man; single., Address G. P. 1330 Alabama bt.
GOOD middle-aged hotel ialter desires sttady
position. Address H. KiEHL, New Atlantic
Hotci. .07. Montgomery ave. -
WANTED— Position as watchman; can . take
charge stationary engine; 12 years' experi-
ence; reference. 958 Mission st, i • ' "
A YOUNG man wants situation as Janitor, por-
- ter or man about private place; good ref er-
ence_. Box 3737, Call office. .
PIANO player, good musician, wants engage-
ment; no objection to country. Box 3711, Call.
WANTED— Physician of ability 'wants position
with high class advertising medical business
in city; -first class references given. T. E.,
Box 3935. Call office. ¦
FIRST-CLASS cutter and practical tailor . of
ladles' garments wishes a position in a good
houiie ; able - to take full charge. Box 3750
Call office. * >g. ' '.-. '•'.'..
WANTED — By a young man, position as
shipping or billing clerk: 7 years In freight
department of railroad. Box 3834, Call office.
SITUATION as salesman by young man; seven
years with last, firm; general merchandise;
fair pay expected. Box 3747, Call.
RELIABLE man wants position in private
place; thoroughly understands care of horses;
can attend to garden: good driver; can milk;
best of references. Box 3743, Call office.
WANTED — Position by young man as book-
keeper or assistant; 5 years' experience in
East. Box 3758. Call office. ¦ •.'¦.'
A RELIABLE colored man— a position . as
collector or messenger, or anything that will
help In the care of a family, excepting wait-
ing and the care of horses; references. OC-
CIDENTAL, Box 4476 Call office.
BAKER, practical . man, first class on bread
and cakes, good ornamenter, wants Job; re-
sort or good country shop; wages moderate.
Address Baker, P. O.. Soquel, Santa Cruz Co.
YOUNG gentleman or good habits and ability
desires position in office or as cashier of
good business bouse; thoroughly experienced;
best references. Box 37C0, Call office. '
ACCOUNTANT, cashier, correspondent. 27,
competent and experienced office manager;
'Absolutely highest Indorsements. Box 3759,
Call office. •-
STENOGRAPHER; competent; experienced; !
desires position with business house or law ]
office; references; salary moderate. Address ;
ltoom 30. 819 Market st. ¦ j
SITUATION wanted In country: has had ex- i
perience; understands fermenting tanks or
oil tanks; also mason and cement worker.
Box 3952. Call office. .
GENTLEMAN at present employed by large
firm wishes position in small house to do
bookkeeping and general office work; com-
petent. J. FOX, 730 Golden Gate ave.
BARBER wanted— Position by man with some
experience; salary not so much an ob.iect as
opportunity to Improve. Box 3771. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has bean established at 1091
Val»nctn »t. *
FEATHERS REKOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valenclaitcl.Capp 2682.
V. FINANCIAL. .
P^cTnFlC^^sT^r^rwriting^Cor One?)— We
have 42 offlcef In operation : new method of
' placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or addreas main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
COLE, cor. Oak— Two elegant sunny flats; tiled
bathrooms and slnkc; beamed and frescoed
ccilli)gs; looking out on Park; marble vesti-
bule: furniture for sale, which is new and
artistically selected; open between 10 and 4
o'clock every day. Key at 409 Colest.
A— 3-ROOM new flat, partly furnished; good
yard; rent only $6 per month; water free; fine
view; No. 21 Holly st.. B0 feet from Mission
'cars, opposite Thirty-third and Mission; no
children.
SUNNY flats of 4 rooms; newly painted and
papered; yard, cellar; 33, 39, 41 Bruce place,
between Seventh and Eighth sts., off Folsom
and Harrison aves.; rent $8 and $9..
BAKER and Fulton, NW. corner— Sunny,
modern 7-room flat; rent reasonable. Key at
C01 Baker st. ' :
PINE, 2132 — 6 rooms, bath: all modern; large j
. back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st.
LOWER flat; two rooms, 2 Martha place, near :
Geary and Taylor sts.
FLAT of 5 eunny rooms and bath,- yard and i
basement. 124 Page st. 1
— 1 _ — ' I
SUNNY bay-window flat, 3 rooms; bath; water
free. Key at 524 Fell »t '
FINE su»ny 5-room flat, $14; cheap; save car
fare. 3 Pine place, off Pine St., near Mason.
SUNNY flat, 5 good rooms; porcelain bath*,
open plumbing; $18. 1404 Pacific St.. nr. Hide.
BEAUTIFUL new 7, 8 and 8; roof garden and
view. Golden Gate, Van Ness and Union.
O'FARRELL. 1929-1935— Modern flats; 5 and 6
rooms, bath, yard, basement; reasonable.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
$150 CASH and. $100 in easy monthly install-
ments will buy an elegantly furnished four-
« room flat; furniture new; . cost $460; party
leaving; rent $22. 710 Jones Bt., near the
Pleasanton.
" FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished flat of 7 or 8 rooms and
bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address box 3917. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE, carpets and draperies of 8-room
upper flat on Devisadero sL for sale; flat to
rent. Apply at 53 Flood building. .
CORNER flat of 6 rooms, furnished complete:
water free; rent $20:^2 rooms rent for $10
each. 874 Howard st.
FURNITURE of 4-room flat for sale; Includ-
ing piano; $200:- flat to let. PATTERSON &
CO., 11 City Hall square.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $43 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
, merchandise, eta; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE selling your furniture, see Abram's
Auction House, 1105 Mission Tel. Jessie 1160.
AUCTIONEER. W. P. Beauchamp, 2 G. G. ¦ ave.
Tel. Jessie 126: furniture, mdse., etc. bought.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 923 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
I price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1S54.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1303 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
I furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
. GLOVES. . „ ,
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE. .
AT C. It. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
...........HOTEL DEPARTMENT
CO waitresses, resorts, springs, country hotels.
$20, $25
6 fancy ironers, different places $40
Waitresses and dishwashers, institutions. .$20
Cook, small country hotel, fare paid.. ....$30
' FOR SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA ;
4 waitresses, lst-class cafe Start Monday
One-half rate fare ..$25
2 waitresses, Santa Monica, free fare $25
50 waitresses to book for hotels south
Fancy lroner. San Diego, one-half fare.... $35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Many choice places in this department for
cooks, houseglrls, second girls, nurse girls,
etc., highest wages paid
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary st.
A REFINED American nurse girl; wages $15;
office fee paid by the lady. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary ; st.
MRS. M. E. DAY ...... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitresses for city and country hotels, $20
and $25; restaurant waitress, country, fare
paid; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7 and $S; 3
chambermaids to wait, $20;' chambermaid to
wait, country, J_S, fare paid.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Swedish cook, small . family, - no ¦ housework
or washing, $30, country, fare paid, see lady
here; cooks, housegirls, second girls, city and
• country; very best wages.
MRS. M.'E. DAY '....335 Geary st
WANTED— Fir6t-class cook for«American fnni-
ily. Menlo Park,- ¦ $35. see lady, this morning;
girl,' general housework, 3 In family, Santa
Clara County, $30; girl, general housework.
Fruitvale, $25; cook, plain wash, 2 in family,
Los Gatoj, $30, see lady this forenoon in of-
fice; 4 cooks, city, -$30; waitress for summer
resort. Si.nta Cruz Mountains. $25; on? wait-
ress, one chambermaid, both same country
hotel, $20; French' or .German nurse. 2 'chil-
dren, $25. Apply to J. F.' CROSETT & CO.,
<< 316 Sutter. at. . . . . .
WANTED— -German woman cook; commercial
lunch house; 'from 7- a. - m., to- 2 p.m., no
: Sunday | work. 126}. O'Farrell at 11 o'clock.
WANTED— A neat ¦ young : Swedish or German
/. girl ; cooking and housework; family 3 adults.
¦¦Apply 1500 Larkin st.; bet.. a. and 11 to-day.
WANTED— Apprentice to learn millinery. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS., Saturday morning, be-
fore 11 o'clock. >
A FEW more women and girls are wanted to
cut fruit at Los Gatos Canneries; experience
not necessary, and ordinarily active person
can earn good wages; only intelligent white
help employed; no lifting required; the fruit
is brqught to workers' seats; a good opportu-
nity, for an outing in the - country , and , a
chance to earn good wages In the meantime'.
For further information apply at office
HOOKE-FIELD CO., 220 Market st., room 12.
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit; steady
work: highest wages. "Apply California Can-
neries Co., 425 Brannan st.
WANTED immediately, women and girls to
. work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co.. 425 Bran-
nun at. .
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
steady- work; highest wages ' paid. Apply
American Fruit Packing Co., Harrison ave.,
off FolBom st. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ATTRACTIVE girls wanted to assist in shoot-
Ing gallery at street fairs. Call at SHREVE
& BARBER Co., 511 Kearny at., from 9 a. m.
to 3 p. m. . »
TWO bright girls, 14 years old, as assistants.
GANTNER _ MATTERN, 1017 Hyde St..
near California. ¦ .
GIRL to learn business; paid while learning.
GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market .t.
GIRL to assist with general housework; small
family; wages $15. Call 2325 Bush St.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework;
wages $15. 2712 Folsom st.,-
WOMAN with a child to go to the country;
wagss $12. Call Saturday, 3150 Twenty-fourth.
GERMAN girl wanted to do general house-
work, r 2109 Taylor st.
LADY for housekeeping; take care of 2 ' chil-
dren. 18% Moss St.. MRS. WILSON.
WANTED— Protestant girl or woman: general
housework In family; 4 adults. 38 Sliver st.
WANTED— Experienced operator on women's
wrappers; steady work; electric power; good
pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
IN COUNTRY— Woman ' to do cooking, little
housework and washing; German preferred.
Call Friday morning, 2217 Sacramento*.
A GERMAN. Swedish or American girl for
general housework. 320 W^alnut St.; apply
morning 1 .
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker wanted.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
APPRENTICES on vests; paid while learning.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
APPRENTICES for finishing- ladlea 1 waists;
pay. S. F. M. Co., 62? Market st.
GIRL for country to do housework. Call 1623
McAllister at.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
Appjy at 214 Hyde st.
WANTED— Women and glrla to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at FON-
TANA BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Francisco and Taylor sts.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry its.
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
hELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay tt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore ft.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A-MUBRAT & READY '.. .. 634-638 Clay at.
Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment Agents of Paoiflo Coast
RAILROAD— MEN
3000 Railroad Men Wanted
FREE— FARE
CO steel. (track and ballast men TJkiah
75 teamsters, Uklah free fare
100 laborers, Uklah free far.
So men to cut right of way, Ukiah
$2 to $2 50 day
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK
Los Angeles Santa Barbara
Surf, San Luis Oblspo and all other dlv.
free fare
750 laborers, no experience required to work
on steel, rock, bridge, ballast and other
gangs, wages $1 75 to $2 BO day
SANTA FE SYSTEM
Santa Fe R. R »
175 men. to work on. the Haata Fe system,
steel, track, ballkst and extra «angs,
wages $1 75 to $2 50 day /See fare
$1 office fee . and no other expenses on tha
above job. -
Z. FREE— FARE
MECHANICAL HELP ...'
Spooltender, small sawmill co., $45 and found,
see boss here; woodworker, country shop.
*1 50 fare $50 and found
Rough carpenter, $2 60 day; gang edgerman;
Harness maker, camp $35 and found
Woodworker,. $2 60 day; blacksmith and^
helper, same ranch, $45 and $35 and found i\
5 blacksmiths and horseshoera..$3 & $2 50 day'
Bolt and rivet maker $3 day
FOR A NEW MINE
8 laborers, no experience required ...$60
5 laborers, cinnabar mine $60
25 laborers, electric power co.'s work...t67 50
5 laborers, cut brush.. ....$37 50 and found
10 laborers, dig ditch,' long Job $2 day
25 teamsters, 2 and 4 borse, country
$2 and $2 25 day
5 laborers, mine, $2 50 fare $60
...SEE BOSS HERB-SAWMILL WORK...
10 laborers to work In mills and yards; no
'experience necessary. $26 and found, see
boss here
10 laborers for the woods $30, see boss here
5 lumber pliers, $35 and found; crosscut saw-
yers. 2 men, clear land $40 and found
/4 graders, $2 25 day; powder men.. ..$2 25 day
10 drillers $2 50 and $2 25 day
FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC
Farmer and. wife $50 and found
43 men, hay and harvest, $1 25 to $2 day and
board; 10 men for hay press, $2 and $3 day
and 20c ton; 15 farm hands; steady jobs.. $2$
10 milkers, $30 to $40; 5 choremen and boys..
i MISCELLANEOUS
Basalt block makers $15 per thousand
5 teamsters, $3 and $4 day; 10 warehouse
men $3 day
Butcher and drive wagon, country shop, near
city .' $30 and found
vVorking foreman, ranch, see boss here....
• Young man to drive bakery wagon, country
' $30 to $35 and found, see boss here
Driver, wholesale milk route.... $40 and fcund
Boys for peddling wagon
Married man to drive milk wagon ' $33
4 men to bottle beer, no -experience.... $2 day
BAKERS— COOKS— HOTEL— DEPARTMENT
First and second cook for a mine
.. $60 and $40, see boss here 10 a. m. to-day
Cake baker, $50 and found; tamale maker;
waiter, $150 .fare, $40 and found; cook and
wife, country hotel; bakers' helpers, $25 and
$30; 5 cooks; 8 waiters, city and country;, 3
. ranch cooks. ' .
: MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MAN and wife, private family. $55; American
or Scandinavian man about place, $25 to $30:
20 teamsters, $2. $2 25 day; teamsters. $3 to $4
day; farmers, $30; milkers. $30; 2 stablemen
for milkmen; $30: laborers for mine, " $2 day,
fare advanced: miner, $2 50 day, fare advanced;
5 woodsmen, $30: laborers about mill,- $28, and
others. J. F. CROSETT &CO., 628 Sacramento.
COLORED boy for lunch counter.- $25 to $30; 2
hotel- cooks and wives, $S5 and $55; 3 hotel
cooks. $40 and $50; hotel second cook, $35; sec-
ond hand bread baker, $11 week and found;
young man to assist in oyster house. $15 and
found; boarding-house cook, $40; dishwasher
for laborers' boarding-house, $20 and $2!; ho-
tel and restaurant waiters, for count.-/. «30,
part fare paid, -anrl others. J. F. CROSETT
_ CO.. 62S Sacramento st. '
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. "AGENCY,
59 Third St.; phone Bush 405.
60 R. II. laborers, L. A. and Santa Barbara
divisions of S. P. Co.'s own work.
..: ..: $1 75 and $2 50 per day
B0 teamsters and laborers, Ukiah.. $2 per day
FREE FARE. '
$1 office fee; no other expense.
20 carpenters, country $3 60 per day
60 shovelers, country $2 25 per day
5 harvest hands $3 per day
5 men to feed hay press '.$3 to $4 per day
10 lumber pliers... *35 per month and found
Shift boss for quartz mine.. $2 50 day & board
Miner for quartz gold mine.. $2 day and board
S. F. EMPLOYMENT. OFFICE. 639 Clay St.—
Teamsters for city $4 50 day
Carpenters for city..... .$3 50 day
50 R. R. laborers, Santa I Barbara, free fare
¦ 60 R. R. laborers, Santa Fe. .'...'. free fare
150 laborers, sawmill... ....'.ship Thursday
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, <r i 12.
2 colored waiters; dishwasher, $30, free fare.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Kree employment 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary;, telephone Jessie 1176.
TRUSTWORTHY persons .in each State to
manage business of wealthy corporation; sal-
ary ¦ $18 cash each; Wednesday ; from head-
quarters;; expense money, advanced. Man-
ager, 325 • Caxton building. Chicago. , . -'
WANTED— Immediately; 300 first-class labor-
ers; good pay; good food; long Job;- free med-
ical attendance; dally mall. Apply .to E.'
; MARRE & BRO., Jackson, Amador County.
WANTED— Trustworthy man- partner with
- respectable lady in No. 1 cash business;
clears $200 per month; ' $150 required. 323
Kearny St., % room -495. ...... .-.
WANTED— Young. man In grocery store; must
be German. Call KROENCKE, cor. Pine and
Larkin ats. -•¦¦.¦--
200 MEN and boys to work in bottling . estab-
lishment; men. having ; had - experience . pre-'
¦ f erred. Address 518 Gough. st. . . ;.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, waitresses; also
dishwashers; register; at . once; no fee. 127
/Mason st. ' % ¦ .• ¦ ¦ .
GOOD cash boys. S. N. WOOD _^CO., 718-22
Market st. ; . . J
HORSES WANTED.
HOKSES wanted to work on scraper Job: fcu-
or five months' work. Apply at M Montgom- -»
ery »*•. room 25. '
HOUS ES _ TO LET.
a PUI\TFD list houses to let; send for clr-
cular G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOU3E of 10 rooms, partly furnished or un-
fnrnlshed. Apply at premise*. 1712 Push st.
HOUSE of 5 rooms ami yard. i« Stevenson
St.. opposite new PO3tofflce.
HOUSES TO LET — FL'KNlSHfiD.
-rir^ENT^Newly furnished house. $3>:,«~en^
thing tlomplete. MRS. PARKER. Menlo Park.
FURNISHED HOUSES--SUBLRDIAN. "
FOR rent In Ross VaUey^Complete'ly furnish-d
modern house of 11 rooms ana bath; 5 mln-
utes' walk from Ross station. Apply box «.
Ross gtation.
~ ' LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A pass-book with The Hlbernla Savings
1 fi
215-614. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— A pass boolc with The Hibernia Saving
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MARIE TONYA. No. 231-1184. T_»
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Lady's dlamcnd-studded cold watch
marked MINNIE HOWELL. Liberal reward
for its return to Hughes Houae. 214 Third St..
this city, or Rushville. Illinois.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. No!t».
Jeweler. *48 O'Farr'll. b*t. Powell and Mason.
BIATUIMONIA-. N
OENTL EMEN^wlsWag to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for latent l'.rt. MRS.HF.RTZ. 70<s K1IK
MATTRESSES AND BILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterillxc<l. uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 Powell «.; ¦
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICA1,
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I traat ladles only;
my regulator -has no equal ; #1 classes of fe-
male complaint, relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnat*
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no .
delay; consult free. MRS. DR., .KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale a.
MRS. DR. WYETir has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladles' specialist; 28
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low fees.
A POSITIVE euro guaranteed In all fema»»
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best car*; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. .1118 Market, nr. Maaon.
Dr. and Mrs. Da vies. 122S Market: our regulator
Is a treatment that has brought health and
happiness to thousands of suffering women;
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reUabl*.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DAVIES'
original method of treatment: maternity
home: stamp for circulars. 1129 -tarket. 3. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. A Flllmore.
MINKS A.NO MIM3IC.
EXCEPTIONAL MINING OPPORTUNITY.
Capital Is needed to work ore in a group of
thoroughly developed gold mines of large ex-
tent and undoubted value; tunnels, shafts
and drifts already completed expose vast
bodies of valuable ore on the mother lode;
no hoisting or pumping; free water rights;
cash required, $20,000, for which a liberal In-
terest in the mines will be given; Immense
incomes are derived from neighboring, mines
on the same lode. 321 Phelan bldg.
BIISCE__ANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 19.-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand ; 32 complete outfits on ¦'
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOON AN, 1017. 1019, 1021, 10C3
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $5 to
SloO: easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia. Phonograph Co., 1_3 Geary.
AIR compressor. 3 alzes. S. 10. 20 stamp mills;
SO mlninc cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. B. Jardlne. 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting.- pulley*,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear aC
FOR sale — A second-hand harp In first-clans
condition; $100 cash. Apply 1110 1 /. Broadway,
room 1. Oakland, Cal.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co., 1611 Market st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery «t.
9 FINE show cases for sale.v HENRY KAHN
& CO.. 642 Market St. V
GOOD family cow for sale In Oakland. Box
258 Builders' Exchange. City.
MOVING Dicture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and secocd-
hand. J. E. DOAK. Sll Mission at.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bousbt and sold. KROOH MFG. Co.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
W_ pay big prices for ladies' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office. 23 Stockton st.
, 2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. S18 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market at.. San Fran.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN BAIgE CO.. 417-433 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; secend-hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. t
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 218 California -t.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. SS Bluxoma.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
turea. BULLARD _ BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th «t. : tel. Folsom 2522.
~"~— ~* ~~ " ~*~~— ~* ~* ~*~— — — ! »
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAX MURPHYr'KO Market ~sT.
makes loans on second mortgages, undivided
Interests in estates, etc.; also large or small
loans on good ranches; if your property is
mortgaged and you heed more money, don't
fall to see me; lowest rates; quickest settle-
ments; financial problems of all sorts and
sizes solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630
Market st.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY. "
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City A
Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5021. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PERCENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estates in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R, McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery sr., room 3
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount: 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur->
• ities. manufacturing, mercantile and mtning '
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third ct.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at « per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhere. -
HARPER, 397 Parrott building.
LOWEST -rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: monty
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
i watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
i MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
I ity. Hill. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPA VJLDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehamo st.: tel. South 40.
BEATING,. 3c: laying. 3c; renovatinc. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co..; phone Scott 1310.
KUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices,
reasonable. t?fi3 Harrison: tel. Mission 2C8. J
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
R3S Golden' Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co . 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TONT. 3 Eighth st : telephone Jessie 944.'
COLLECTION OFFICES. ..j
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. - Room 310. 927 Market st. .
COTTAGES TO LET. .
LOVELY sunny cottage, 8 rooms, bath; gar-
dens; yard. 85 Cumberland, nr. Dolores; $20.
$12— COTTAGE. 5 rooms. 9 Priest St.. off Wash-
ington, bet. Leavenworth and Clay.' ~ ;
SUNNY cottage of 6 rooms and bath. 1828
Bush st.
$17— COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath. Key 711 Treat
avenue. ' '
DENTISTS. :
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market street?
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painle&s dentistry; pure gold filling $150;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns '$5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction. '
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
i kct St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
: $3 50 up; ulatc-3, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-'
flee hours, !> a. in. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 23 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warrcnted for 20 years; crowns. $3 00; fillings.'
Me; plates. $5: full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.,
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly Installments: lowest rates.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, J4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. V. Painless extraction,'
60c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. Cth.,
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. II. O.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk et. .
< WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB pjip-»«. In wr-rmer. for mnillng. SI per year.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handieTTlMegTC
lmate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooftis 323-321. San Francisco; tel. South 381.
DKESSMAKERS ANT> SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELlTDressmaking & Millinery School—'
Clafg ratea; patterns cut, 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention.- 121 Post, over O'Connor _ Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Buslnws^liiw.'^Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand. ¦ typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
penmanship, etc.; experienced / teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.-
Shorthand.. typing and bookkeeping: Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.,
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, ' ¦ 220 < '.F'arrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction ; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
, ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School.
; associated with theatrical agency securing
po?itlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 12S6 Market st
KENT Law School: day and night. 534 Par-
rott building; send for catalogue.
High School students— The Weekly Geometry Pa-
pers make home study easy: circulars. 3010 16th.
PIANO and German: pupil of Leipsic Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, '50c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth St.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st., S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80- page catalogue free.
¦ A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemle medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8. Mason.
E ? l * lC . HAjr f; E: -.. '-
WHAT have you got to offer for this? Fine
2-story house of 7 rooms, bath. etc. ; lot G0x
130; street work all done; electric cars pass
the property; only 2 blocks from- railroad sta-
tion; within walking distance of new High
School and university. Apply to FRED H.
CLARK. 503 California st. third floor.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
cooks, waiters - and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment • office —
Best help. 411^4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 215 Stockton; Main S1SS1
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
WOMAN wants general housework and plain
cooking; good worker; wages $20 month. 76
Hermann st.
WANTED— By a teacher, here for her vaca-
tion, a position as reader to an invalid. Ad-
dress box 3740, Call of flee.
WANTED— By an American woman, a position
as working housekeeper; wages $15 to $20; no
trlflers. Address 214 Fifth st.
EXPERIENCED nurs.e with references wishes
a. few more confinement cases. Address 1S91
Howard Bt. ; • ¦ • • _ ¦ •
YOUNG woman wants situation as housekeep-
er or chambermaid In rooming house. 111}.
Minna St. . - .
YOUNG German - girl wishes a position in
American family doing housework, 17 Hollls.
YOUNG woman for general housework; wages
$20. 760 A Howard Bt., from 4 to 9 p. m.
LADY wishes work part day in rooming-house.
Lower bell, 513 Natoma st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS sklrtmaker wants position. Ad-
dress box 3735, Call office. - . ,
SWEDISH woman* wants work by the day
washing and cleaning. 663 Harrison 'at.
WANTED— A position In the city to do gen-
eral housework in a quiet American family
of adults; is first class in every respect; will
take full charge if desired; wages $25 a
month. Box 3836, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation In
city or country;' is not afraid of work; Is good
ccok; can do .washing and Ironing; good
home wanted more than wages. 129 Third Bt.,
room 4.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged American woman
desires situation as working housekeeper for
adults or family of children. Address House-
keeper, 319 Minna st.. near Fourth. ' r
EXPERIENCED steno., typist." bookkeeper;
city or interior; references... Address room 55
1236 Market st. ¦
YOUNG experienced German nurse wishes en-
gagements as lady's nurse. 1321. Mason st.
WOMAN wants plain sewing to take home.
Call 37 Ivy ave., upstairs.' ' •
AN experienced nurse wishes position, to care
» for an insane person. Box 3835. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
, Vfet— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 10 per night; $1 50 to
J6 week: convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and. from ferry. ' ¦*?;,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at .1096
Valencia st. . ..--.•-.
, CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
1 receh ed at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st. ]
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
SHOEMAKERS, attention!!!— For sale cheap,
in Pope. Valley, It miles from St. Helena." a
complete outfit of tools and stock of leather;
also house 16x18 with all utensils for house-
keeping; '-au^e of selling.- old age and sick-
ness. Inquire of L. GOTTLIEB, 715 Bush St..
city. ' ¦¦
WANTED— An honest ana sober partner with
13000 In an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend "to corre-
sponding, etc.; cash receipts about- $1500 • to
JJOCO per month. Address GEORGE MA^T-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071'/4 Mar-
ket Ft.. San Francisco. •
HOTEL— 50 rooms; newly furnished; prosperous.
Interior city; commercial patronage: rent S14->.
Furtlit-r particulars of the -Railway Hand-
Book Publishing Co.. 20 Montgomery at.
BARBERS— Best 2-chalr shop In San Jose; all
new furniture; must be sold before August 1;
investigate. Address A. F. NOFTZ, 12. East
San Fernando st.. San Jose. Cal. . •
FOR SALE— Branch bakery cheap: good paying
place. 328 Hayes Bt. ' ,
FOR SALE— Half Interest in blacksmith shop^.
4100 Mission et. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at- 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOIl SALG.
HOTEL AND BAR
70 rooms, fine country town
j Clears $200; price jlSOO. DECKER. 1020 Markt.
H. C. DECKER ••••
i ::C20 Market St.. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
26 Years in Business In This City
Offers for Sale and Exchange
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms, $50 to $25,000
350 lodging-houses. 6 to 600 rms., JIM to. 20.000
I 4D flats. 3 to 12 rooms. $S0 to i 750
50 private homes 6 to 25 rooms, $33 to... 2,000
. 31 boardlns-houses, 10 to 100 rms., $350 to 10,000
20 hotel-. 40 to 200 rooms, $1000 to '. 8,000 ,
48 grocery stores, $400 to 6.000
! 20 candy stores. $300 to 1.-00
40 saloons. $400 to «,CCO
lit cigar stores. $300 to 1.000
f.00 other businesses, all kinds. $100 to.. 20,000
JOO vacant lots. $25 to 8.000
75 houses and lot?, everywhere, $600 to.. 50,000
S chicken ranches. $400 to 1.700
CO ranches, everywhere. $300 to 14,000
..To Buy. Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
1 can suit you. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON _ CO..
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
6S r.; downtown apartment house $3o00
TO r. ; corner: rent $12^; perm.; trans, rmrs. 1800
24 r.: rent $110; good fur. and carp: Al loc. 1900
Money loaned on deferred payments; 1H p. c.
to r. ; rent $75; new carp.; part hskpg 1SO0
15 r. ; rent $57 iO; fur., loc. good; bargain. 900
12 r. : rent $40: good house; sickness; rede'd 425
6 rms.; rent $25; new hardwood fur 375
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
ATTENTION Lodging-house Keepers— 22 -all
light rooms, corner Pacific and Powell; suit-
able improvement for permanent -tenant;
house being thoroughly painted and papered,
etc.; can be arranged for housekeeping: rent
cheap. Apply R. M'COLGA.V, 24 Montgom-
ery st.. room 3.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city and pay for it
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished,
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
FISHER & CO.. SS5 Market: phone Folsom 1312.
75 rooms; price... $5000 41 rooms; price... $3300
2< rooms; price.;. 1900 SO rooms; price... 2250
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price. .$750
22 rooms: elegant: rent only $60: price S1C&0
We have over 300 more, any location, kind
or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
_______________
1016 Market st., opp. Fifth st.
MS-room house $2500
25-room house 400
7-room house; rent $25 250
Private house. 6 rooms 200
THE largest and beet list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of •
Q. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 191L
No. S17 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
SELECT your house from the largest list In
town— Rooming houses and hotels, from $100
to $30.«00; hundreds to choose from. WALTER
HAYES & CO.. 633 Market Bt.
LIST your lodging-houses, ealoons, groceries,
restaurants, etc., with us. We have buyers
everywhere. Cal. Business Asn., 865% Market.
$S50-LODGING-HOUSE, 'lO rooms, furnished. [
I S64% Mission st.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tuei., Frl.. S p. m., 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
! nize them; give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkin st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough; Ellis-
st. car; sit, jl; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM.
the world -renowned spiritual medium: advice
In all affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces,
deaths; unites the separated: mining a spe-
cialty; circles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs). 33 McAllister.
LAST developing circle to-night; light-, slate-
writing, etc.: come. ARNOLD DICKSON,
148 -Sixth st.
CHAS. BROCK WAY, 2£c seance Sunday and
Thursday. 8 p. m. ; every one gets a test; pri-
vate readings daily. 299 Hyde st., cor. Eddy.
JOHN SLATER— Circles, 25c; Sun.. Mon., Fri.
eves., 8:15; Wed. aft.. 2:45: eit. 10 to 4 except
Sat. & Sun. 1S09 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1C9 Oak; cir. Tues., Fri., 8
p.m.; Wed., 2:30 p.m., 10c; readings daily, SOc.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
seance Sun., Tues. and Thur«. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night, 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
mmeT~mT~bernard,
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate do-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE.
Mme. Montague, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives advice in all affairs of life; gives names,"
fact.;, figures, with full predictions in all love
affairs: not one failure; letters answered. 116
Turk «t.. flat 1. •
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 23 and
26; take elevator. -Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
, HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the Coast;
he eucceeds when others fall: -permanently
located at 125 Turk stt; readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 21D>. Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located IMS Market, op.
6th ; private readings daily, 10 a. in. to 5 p. m.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
- sittings daily. 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Me: English,
German and French spoken. 213 Leavenworth.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst; horo-
scopes cast; lessons given, SOc: hours 11 to 1
and 4 to 6. 148 Sixth St.. room 22.
UP to date: Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
ist and reader of human destiny; never falls;
I ' 25c and 50c. 1C03 Mission St.. cor. 8th.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 23c up. 472 Stevenson st., cpr.6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies 25c. gents SOc. 132 Sixth st.
Mrs.Maliory.clalrvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11, 6th;German spoken ;tel.Howard 1S46.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
_ sittings dally. 448H Jessie st.. bet. Eth and 6th..
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
ad«rlc*: names glvpn: 25c up. S Fourth Bt.
CAPE NOME.
STEAMER fit. Paul for Nome, s_lllng~Satur^
day, July 27; for freight or passage call on or
write C. F. MOOR— >_935 Market Et., room «.
CHIROPODISTS. . ~
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. Hi Sutter.
Strassburger of N. Y.. specialist on feet; di-
ploma T. P. S. S. N. Y. Chronicle bldg., r. 76.
HRLP WANTED— ¦MALE--Conj_ w
AT^cTr. HANSEN- CO .. . .104 Geary st.
Railroad Work for Santa Fe System .....
Gang of spikers and trackmen B» d nT
Gang of teamsters .-. J2 25 day
Gang of laborers and iron car men. .52 Zo aay
Gang of section hands Jl < * I - day
Ship dally.; Free Fare
FOn CAL. & X. W. R. R. CO.
Gamr of track layers 1_V1__
Gang of teamsters 1 .2 av
Gang of laborers ' * : _ dav
Ship Dally Free Fare
FOR S. P. R. R. SYSTEM....... •••
Gang of hammersmen «- *? aay
Gang of track ballasters »«
Tunnelmen. in and outside J2 to $3 da>
Free Fare TrT. : Ship Dally
FOR TRUCKEE V,"V"
100 teamsters, 100 laborers Jl 75 to *2 da>
Gang of stonemasons and helpers. .»2, 54 aay
For State of Nevada VY*ii # «
10 stone masons f* ° & *
100 teamsters. 100 laborers.. > * 2 da y
..; FOR BAKERSFIELD ••••'•••""
100 4-horse teamsters * 2 , 2 ° da _"
Regular railroad conductor and teJfBpP 11
operator combined: see party bere..J100 & up
...FREE FARE FOR ALL ABOVE JOBS...
10 'laborers for large electrical company,
country, $2 25 a day, fare advanced.
10 masons* helpers for railroad work, *z a
day, free fare. - . _
Blacksmith- for railroad camp, $2 75 a aa>.
free fare; blacksmith for railroad camp, h>0
and found, free fare; 6 blacksmiths, country,
32 CO and S3 a day. ..
Planerman. K0; gang edgerman. JWJ. coun-
try sawmill, see boss here: 10 lumber P»er*.
135; 60 laborers for sawmills and woods, *2«
and $20 r6 farmers, *1 25 a day and board;
20 farmers and milkers, $30 to $35.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ••
Chef for large hotel, $250; second cook, res-
taurant, north. J75; second cook, $7o; gnu
room cook, $60, for hotel; south, «ree fare;
head, second end third cooks, hctel. $l<0;
head, second and dishwasher, resort. $120;
broilers, seconds and fryers, city. $50 to *60;
¦ second cook, hotel cafe, south. $70; 2 cooks,
country hotels, $40; cook and helper, country
hotel. $75 and $30; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
handB, $25 and $30; 3 waiters, country hotels,
$30. v.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 G-»ary at.
TOUNG man to assist In notion store, who-has
had some experience on show windows and as
salesman; state experience, ability, refer-
ences, age, etc. H. F.. box 3739. Call office.
WANTED— Man for retail dry good* utora ta
clean up at night: references required. Ad-
dress O. F\ L. & CO.. box 3038, Call office.
BOY to assist in store and run errands; well
recommended. 535 Valencia, st.
WANTED— Experienced driver for dye house.'
Call Sunday at 1643 Market st.
COATMAKER for country.' Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
ERRAND boy about 16. Call at 10 iv. m ... 24
Kearny st.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— An experienced driver for one-horse
• truck in city. Address box 3733. Call office.
2 BARBERS wanted; wages. «3 Clay »t. f
GOOD barber for Saturday. 1223 Broadway.
Oakland. .
BARBERS wanted for lOo shops; no students.
Apply 131 Third St.
STRONG Intelligent young man. S. N. "WOOD
_ CO.. 718 Market st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 9 Drumm at.; no
Sunday work.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission tt., bet. 1st and 2d «ts.
WANTED— Window cake baker for restaurant:
call at once; no fee. 127 Mason St.
WANTED—A willing, bright lad, to learn a
trade. Inquire Room 13. Chronicle building.
STRONG boy wanted. 628 Hayes at.
PRACTICAL gardener wanted; single man.
215 Hayes at.
YOUNG man to wash bottles.' help around
yard; $20 to $25. 1507 Broderlck at.
WANTED— Boy to wait at table and do porter
work. 37 Eddy st.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners: good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
SALESMAN wanted experienced In the hand-
ling of gloves and ribbons at retail; state last
position. Address P. N. & CO.; box 3755 Call.
YOUNG man for Jewelry store; hours 7 a. m.
till 9 p. in.; permanent position and good
chance to learn business. Box . 3334, Call.
BARKEEPER, German preferred: state refer-
ences; otherwise not considered. Box 3746.
Call office.
WHEELWRIGHT for carriaga and wagon
works. 1507 California st.
WANTED— An experienced finisher on wagons.
2315 Pine st, near Fillmore.
NIGHT steward in large restaurant; must
have references. Box 3745, Call office. -
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examina-
tions and diplocnas given free; complete out-
fit of tools donated; wages while learning;
more calls for our graduates than can be sup-
plied; call or write at once for free catalogue
and special offer. MOLER BARBER CO_-
-. LEGE. 635 Clav at.
WANTED— Recruits for ,the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodled, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 8 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.'
WANTED— Experienced manager for special
branch of our business extending over coast
and Hawaiian Islands; If mutually agreeable
party may purchase ¥* Interest of this branch;
state experience, ability, age, etc A. B., box
3754. Call office. v
YOUNG man wanted for outside work in city;
salary $60 monthly; commission and expenses:
must be energetic and in position to Invest
few hundred dollars (returnable); exceptional
opening for right man. Address box 4474, Call.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
sewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo, Crockett and Port Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
' housemen'B Protective Association No. 9228.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that 'Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Sober, steady German as driver for
bakery wagon; must have experience; good
wages; state former employment. Box 3873,
Call office. .
WANTED — A young university graduate who
understands stenography. Apply MTSELL-
ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay at.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R-, room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, in a
paying office business; small capital. Box
4475. Call office. (
BUSHELMAN wanted. BELASCO _ HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market at.
COATMAKEHS wanted. BELASCO _ HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market at.
— _.^_ "*•
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. S37 Brannan.
A WOMAN wants man partner in poultry busi-
. ness. SO Hannah st. Oakland.
$2 PER day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. 69
Columbian building.
GOOD boy wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 663 Mi.-slon St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per
• . week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241- Third st.
WANTED— A good photographer and router.
Address box 4438, Call office.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 23c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
; CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
r— — i— ¦— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
__'__¦ HOSPITALS. ''
MENTAL and nervous diseases — A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
. tarium, 220 Douglass St., San Francisco.
¦ HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Well broke 6-year-old horse; weight
1150. M. • D. MEYER. 1453 Devisadero.
THREE /good second-hand - phaetons, cheap.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st and Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE— Carriage horse or work anywhere;
price $65; weight 1350. Apply 1318 Grove St. -
FOR sale— Camping wagon, light team and
harness. 1202 Mission st., room 2. j
40 HEAD of work and driving horse*; 2; fast i
¦ pacers. 721 Howard st. - - -''../¦ I
ALL kinds of wagons, • buggies, carts, harness, i
etc.; cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. "I. express wagon, single; also light .
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission, i
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
«>ll. corner of Market and Third streets; open
until _ o'clock every night ta the year.
nnANCH OFFICES— 5T7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
Son Hayes street: open until 8:30 p.m.
«M» McAllister street: cpen until «:S0 p. m.
61.1 Larkin ?tre«t; open until 9:30 p. m .
K-41 Misision street; o;ien until 19 p. m.
5r«! Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until ? p. m.
THi niexenth ttieet; open until * p. m.
I^S Valencia street: open until 8 p. m.
NVithwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tu. kv Bti-eets: open until 9 p. m. .
,"-..*nO Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES^
BPlCCtAL eerrlcea of a hfsh order will be held
at the Geary-street Temple, Geary and
•Vtavla, this Saturday morning. In honor of
the completion of th» tenth year's ministry
r.t Rabbi M. S. Levy, as rabbi of Ihe congre-
K»>tfon. A iarpe chcir and magnificent music
«i!l be a feature. The decorations, m.der
the supervision of the ladies of the congre-
gation, are of an elaborate order. Rabbi
I.»vy's dtfcourse. "Retrospect and Prospect,
wi'.l deaJ with hfs ministrations for the past
¦:ec-de. The public is cordially Invited.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1. I. jk /*
O. O. F. will meet THIS EVENING yT
at % (/clock. Golden Rule degree. /\
F. L. Tt'RPIN. Chief Patriarch. / V
H. DI.EOIS. Scribe. |
EX<.T:LSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2.
T <i O. V. — npRuiai' meeting 5S_«?*SSff
THIS SATURDAY) EVENING.
FiifI degree. ' __¦
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
BOXHAKEUF' T'nion.— Special meeting TO-
NIGHT at B. B. Hall at E o'clock.
GP.AND mass meeting- will be held in front
ft nc« «'ity Hall. Market-st. Fide. SUNDAY.
58th. at "2 p". m. DR. C C. O'DONNELL and
• tfc«r eminent speakers will address the
meet ins.
OFFICERS, member* and friends of the Fr. V.
BtflMk Assembly 33 are cordially invited to
rajilcf(_tc in the parade for our picnic at
Glfn Park. July 2S. 1301. Parad* starts from |
California Hall. <-0 Bus«h St.. at 9 a. m. j
REBEL Ocrk Benevolent Association— Th*
Btxire association will hold Its reeular annusl
••icnir on SLTNDAY. August 4. 1301. at Shell
fctMiu^ Park. Berkeley. Very valuable sate
1 :i:;«^ are to be given, including a Domestic
f<Tiins machine.
AN.M'AL meeting— The Risdon Iron and Loco-
-r.otive Works— The annual meeting of the
*lo»kholders of the Hl*don Iron and Locomo-
tive Work- for the e'.ertlon of trustees for tho
maniac year and the transaction of such
"tbT bufinf?** as may be brought before the
tr.eetinr will be heM at the office oflthe corn*
j'.ar.y, foatheast corr.er of Beale and Howard.
»ts.. San trraari-ea. on MONDAY, the Sth'
<5«y of August. 1901. at il o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
ANM'AL meeting.— Rerulsr annual meeting of
ih» nU'ckholder- . of the Spreckels Sugar Co.
— l!l be held at the office of the company. 327
Mark-t «.. P-n Francisco, on MONDAY, the
mn dsy of July, at the hour of 11 a., m.. for |
ihe purpose rf elating a board of «lr»ctor«
to «»r\e for ihe en$ulnr year ana the trans-
action r.f nch «Mher business as may come
*»'ore th.» rwtin-. The transfer books will
r'.rjre en Frids". Juiv r«. 1M1. at Z. p. m.
'— :. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
PERMANENT position awaits a itood sales*
m^n: mu-t eai-n more thanSlOO per month;
an ex-school teacher. Insurance, typewriter
or book Falesman preferred. Pacific News-
rap<>r Vninn. 927 Market St.. S. F.
Advertising solicitors wanted: ladle- «r gents.
S Taylor: pood proposition. Glob* Portrait Co.
ADOPTION.
INFANTF adopted into good homes. MR?.
PH. Fi'XKr; UU Eighth st.. Alameda.
ASPHAbTUM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, tsnhalt roofing, sidewalks re»
raired: postal. 113C Mission: tel. Folsom 1MT.
ATI "ORXBYS AT LAW.
ADVICE fvee;divorces private ;bankruptcy; col«
lections- :attachment.s; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships :d«»ed»: wills drawn;fees low;open
*ve-«. THL"RSTON. 100S^ Mkt.. r. 4. op. 6th.
ADVICE fror; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W,
HOWE. «tty at law. S50 Market, cor.Stockton.
ADVICS free; no charge unless Euccessful. J. !
TJ. EVANS. 14 McAllister St.. rooms 28-29.
ATiVirE free: no charpe unless successful. W.
w. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Et., opp. Mason.
L S. OI.ARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pa^es. in wrapper, for mailing, fl per year.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
TWO or three children to board; good home j
and mother's care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1607
California. >=t. j
ROOKS — NEW AN3 OLD. j
HOOKS of -very UndHboughC Tel] Red 295*.
HOLI.TKP POOR <Xt.. 704-70S-7M MiB'ion St.
IIUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S273')— BARROOM on Market et.. close to
Chronicle: daily receipts from tSO to $35: rent '
*1GO; a good business. Inquire R. G. WILKE,
26*i Kearny Et. j
A-$<K(t; SALOON, established many years la
cbciccat business part of this «ty: low rent;
;n\ estimate at ence and you will find a flrst-
<-1a*s. paying business. Call R. G. WILKE. i
Iti'i Kearny St.- |
A— J100C; GENERAL merchandise store, with i
'¦oal and hay yard, across the bay: estab- |
iish^d many years ana doing a splendid busl- I
ness. Call R. G. WILKE.- M4 Kearny st. j
A-KCP: SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms. "4th I
anJ Market sts.; net rent $22; rare chance; i
bargain. Call R. Q. WILKE. *6H Kearny st. !
A-S1S00: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one \
block 6outh ut Market St.: dally receipts from ;
tT-0 up; clearlne about $400 per month; a rare ;
chance. Cail H. G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny st. i
A— S12J0; CORNER trarsfer saloon in the very !
best location; *stablifhed 10 years; rent $40; :
death in family cause of sale and a great eac- i
rifice. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. •
A— *15i«: FIRST -CLASS in prices and flrst-class !
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building; *
. come. Investigate and you will find a splen- ;
<5i_ inveftment Call R, G. WILKE. 26V4 i
Kearny et. _ j
CORNER Kiocery business for sale in San-
Jose. ___,: established 10 yeara; on account I
of death of owner and to close the estate
¦will sell at a bargain; a snap for any one de-
flrin. to so Into the grocery business; late
• owner accumulated quite a nice estate in
present location: premises can be had for as
Ions £*¦ desired and cottage for dwelling
pionsside belongs to estate, all of which can
be leased for i>eriod of years at low rent.
For further particulars Inquire of J. R
CHACE. M N. 1st st... San Jose. Cal.
CANDY store; € rooms; rent $15 ...J1C0
«!andy ttore $400
fisloon J550
Hal-Kin and grocery store
I>staurant and ohojihouse ij200
To buy. sell, exchange anything we can
ruit you.
;-.-"¦ M. J. McBRIDE _ CO..
- JCJS Market et., opposite Fifth.
WW CIGAR etandr. 209 candy stores, 300 grocer-
lc» and ban?. 400 saloons, BCO bakeries 600
Kores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
•-Itocse from; rail In and see what we can
offer. WALTER HAYES - CO.. 838 Market.
1250— CORNER Kaloon: good paying businefcs-
trite! given. McLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 77714
Market r\. ™
tZ'A v, ill buy a store: 330 Harrison; good busl-
_ net.f location; living- rooms for family; stock!
wouM inventory double this amount; must
w^ll: no agents. Apply on premises.
A -PRINTING business; large transient trade-
•-Ft-htished 3 year*; JJW. W. MITCHELL
ta» Market et.
|*Ha— HALF interest in old-established laT-
portuc and manufacturing business; present
partner thoroughly practical; only one fa-
miliar with office work need apply; good
reasons for selling; no agents. Box 3736. Call.
JWf— UESTAtTRANT: business district, paying
well; *ost H200; quick. D. McRAE. 837 Mis-
sion Et.
BRANCH bakery and notion store for bale;
irood «stablii<hed trade. Inquire 1601 Mason
tt.. corner Vallejo.
PALOON for -ale cheap or take a partner. 6iO
«>>n:mercial St., near Kearny.
FINELY furnished restaurant, complete; Post
near Onnt ave. Apply 10S7 Market st.
WANTED— A good dishwasher at 3304 Mason
street; wages $3 SO per week.
UELICACV store; must be sold or given away;
3 living rooms; rent 518. 635 Valencia St.
rOK SALE— A bargain; a email restaurant
v.-ith -JO steady boarders; can rent 3 living
rooms. Itmitehed. Apply at KS Howard st.
SHOEMAKER repair shop for sale: proprietor
rtepartins; Rood location. 1P2 Montgomery
avenue. .' v» _—«
A BARGAIN— Fine location, Todging house or
transient. «'itb saloon. • dancing hall and
bcr.Iing alley. Bex SIS6, Call ofHce. ¦•:-'.-.
FOR SALE— Corner procery and bar; 4 well
furoislieO rooms in rtar; no agents. Inquire
HIS Ji-rkct st. . •¦ ;. ,A Melbourne paper offered a prize for
the best suggestion of a name for the yet
unselected capital of the Australian
Commonwealth. Some • 6000 , competitors
responded, and the judges awarded the
prize, ;to_ "Wentworth." on • the- grounds
that It is the most euphonious, that it was
a great name in English history, and that
it was' a well-merited compliment to the
memory of William Charles Wentworth,
who earned for himself the title of "the
Australian patriot."— Philadelphia "Tele
graph, 1 . '"'* : w .¦"/?¦-¦'; ¦ '
Name for" New: Capital.
The only way to make the mass of man
kind see the beauty ot justice is by show
ing them, in pretty, plain terms, the con
sequence of injustice— Sydney Smith.-
No sword bites 30 fiercely as an evil
tongue.
Self-respect is the cornerstone of all
virtue.— Sir John HerscheL
The greatest of all faults is to be con
scious of none.— Carlyle. -
Better a little chiuing than a great deal
of heartbreak.— Shakespeare.
The more ,we stu«ly the more we dis
cover our ignorance.— Shelley.
Repentance is the golden key that open3
the palace of eternity.— Milton.
Fire and sword are but slow engines of
destruction -in comparison with the bab
bler.;-Steele.
Aphorisms.
100 Monte Crlsto '. 3 1 70
300 Occidental of W Va US'
850 Petroleum Center ;..',!,.., . 1 03
* - Morning Session.
\ .Board-, .
1000 California-Standard 24
100 Kern River — :. ; .'.... 9 00
500 Lion Oil Co .. ..•...:... 03
500 Lion OH Co '. . 08
20 Peerless ; 5 og
1000 Petroleum Center ..; — ...; 03
: Aflernoon Session.
Board— '
:'.5O Home Oil ....... '. v ¦ 2 03
500 Independence . .- 11
100 Junction- ....:.....:..... .-..." 09
1000 Lion OH Co ........ ...... ...0..'... OS
300 Monarch of Arizona' 22
150 Monarch of Arizona.'... .- 21
• Morning ¦ Session.
, " Board — ¦
50 Equitable Gas 500
50 Honokaa S Co 16 25
50 Hutchlnson S P Co — 16 50
J1000 Oceanic S S bonds ...'. 10250
140 S FGas & Etectric Co. 44 00
10O S F Gas & Electric Co 43 8714
• Street— .' ' ¦¦• -• • . : - . 7
120 Market Street Railway 74 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Hutchlnson S P Co IS 50 "
SO Makaweli S Co ....30 00
50 Pacific Gas Imp 43 50 ,
$ 2000 S P of A bonds (1910):. ....113 00
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1910 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt ;... — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav... 50 — Union Trust.. 1600* —
San Franclsco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ...:.13O 134 O S L & H.... 40 _
Geary — 40 Presidio 33 . _
Market 73% — ~ *
y POWDER.
Giant 76& 77 IVIgorit ........ J 3H
SUGAR.
Hana .6% 7 Kllauea ... 1« 17
Hawaiian 50 — Makawell . 29% iO%
Honokaa 16 17 Onomea 21% 23%
Hutchlnson ... 16& 16% Paauhau .:.... 21% 22%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack... — 131% Oceanic S Co.. — 52
Cal Fruit Can. 96 98fe Pac Aux F A. 2
Cal Wine Asn. 99% — Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Mer Ex ......110 — Par Paint .... 16 _
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co PC Ss.lOfi 108 Oceanic SS 5s.lO2>4 —
Cal-st 5s .116 — Omnibus C 6s.. 135 —
1 C C "Water 6S..107H — Pac G Imp 4a. — 100
Ed L & P 6s.. .128^133^4 Pk & C H 6a.. .106 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll7% — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st 6s.... — — Powll-st R 63.120 —
H C & S 6&3..106% — Sac E G R 5s. — —
Do 5s — 102^ S F & SJV 58.130% —
Los Ang R 53.113^4 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — ,
L, A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of C 6a
Do gntd 6S...100 — (1909) 111%—"
Do gntd 5S...103 — (1910) 11294113&'
L A & Pac 5S..101 103 S P of C <s
Do 1 c m 53.. 102% — (1905), Ser A. — 109U
Mkt-st Cab 68.126 — (1906) Ser B 110 —
Do 1 C m 5s. .123% — (1906) 112VI14
Nev C N G 78.105 114 (1912) 120ft —
1 Nor R Cal 6s.. Ill — S P of Cal 1st
Do 6s 119 — c gntd 5s... ..107 —
Nor Pac C 6s..lOO»i — SPBr Cal 6s.l36 —
Do 5s — 106 S V Water 6s.. 114 ' —
Nor R Cal 5s. .110 113 Do 4s — 303%'
Oak Gas 5s 112% — Do 4s 3d m...l01\i —
Do Trans 6s.H3 12Q Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do "Water 5s. — 102%
WATER STOCKS. '•'
Contra Costa.. 76 78 (Spring Valley. S6 SSH
Marin County. 50 — \- t
. GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 6 Pac Light .... 45 *~>A
Equitable 4% 5V4 Sacramento ...' — _
Mutual 4% 6 S F G & E 43% 44 '
Oakland- 50% 51 San Francisco. 4 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 43% — Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE. - '
Firem's Fund. — 247 I ' .
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 77%— LP&A 150 —
California 404 — Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — S F Natlonal.127% —
First Nat S F.3C5 —
Adding to Our Territory.
. The United States is steadily acquiring
land from the European powers.
The territory annexed is not gained by
conquest or ourchase.- It comes to Amer
ica in the form of. ballast, and for. the
most part in American ships.
I One thousand tons of Scotch soil were
imported into New York in one week a
short time ago. It came off the Allan
State line . steamer Laurentian. Scarcely
a week passes without a similar importa
tion by the boats of this or some other
line.' This soil is black and stony. It is
chosen for weight and not for its fertility.
It Is : probable that the seeds : of a great
many. Scotch 'plants are imported In this
It.is estimated 'that millions of.- tons of
European -soil has been • imported and
dumped about New*York. Much. of this
is used: for "making land" about the har
bor. "* The soil, as well, as the people of
New :-York ; may be said to be growing
more Cosmopolitan every year.— Chicago
Journal, ;,:. '•'' > '"
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
. PALACE HOTEL.
J H Johnson & w, Colo S O Lockwood, NT '
D S Rosenbaum, Stktn H G Garrett, Mass
H F Fox, New York P H Tiedeman. Russia
M E Tew &. w. Minn G C Fry & w Chgo
W Smith & w, Chgo Dr G A Llbbey & w
J'J McCarthy, Boston Washington
Miss G McCarthy, Bost N Van Porsch, Manila
Miss H Goldsmith, Bos Miss M Wilson, S Rafl
D Ginsber^er, Boston H Z Osborne Ij Ang
C Henne,. Los Angeles T B Doyle, San Mateo
BE- Green, Loa Ang T Derby. New Almadn
W L Hardlson, L Ang T AV Johnson, Peoria
G E Elliott, L Ang W W Chanln, Sacto
G Pierce. Chicago A G Rennie, Coptic '
R W Jones. Colo J W McKinley, L Ang
B Simpson. Vancouver F H Moon, San Jos*
B Gould, Vancouver T Schafler, Germany
T Flint Jr, San Juan J Jepson, New York
M Barney, Auckland W H Allen Jr & w
D W Bayldon, Aucklnd Los Angeles
S R Thompson, Chgo T T Goodwin. L Ang
I Behrend & w, Moscow G Fischer, Berlin
C A Pullan, I-ondon O Horlch, Berlin
A Van Kyer Van Al- J M Haley, Chicago
kemade, The Hague ',. ...
GRAND HOTEL.
S B Gordon, Salinas' L Lawrence, Vlsalla
J H Thurston & w, J W Westlake, Visalla
Boston . S S Hall, Cacto
C M Martin, BakersIM B J Harkness, Scofleld
A A Honey, Tacoma B J Tunisin &' fmly
M Sharpe, Texas Batavia
W Wolf. Salt Lake A Cassidy, Represa
R R Gore & w, R Biff C Jacobsen, Redding
M Wittenberg, Oregon VV C Colson & w, Cal
E T Smith & w, Seattl Chas Darner, Fresno
Bessie H Baldwin, Cal W H Kieths, Ohio
Mrs J. D. Mersereau & Mrs G E Blakelee, N T
d, Pasadena - ; Miss Blakelee, N Y
Clare Mayberry, Ala R W Polndexter, L A
Lena Melton,- Ala F'P Prlmm, Redding
F W Auss, Portland M L Margolls, Berkely
H C Thaxter, L A E Margolis, NY City
C Howard, Merced F D Power & w, D C
Miss L Gartside, St L G E Kenned", Cal
Mr G Duffy, St L F W Caldwe'll, D C
E C Bronaugh & w. Or J M Peast, College Cy
R S Fum, Bakersfleld Chas Hedges, DC"
A H Vachell, San Jose A C Henz & w, Wll-
G C Vachell, San Jose low Valley-
Continued Prom Page Sight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Elizabeth C Tyson, wife of George H.', (own
er) with A. W. Pattlanl & Co. (contractors -and
architects)— All work for a three-story frame
building (three flats), on N line of Lombard
street. 112:6 E of Powell. E 25 by N 120; $5911.
. Pacific Realty .Company (owner) with F. D.
Fischer (contractor), v architect Walter J.
Mathews— Ofnce« fittings and enclosures for
building; on NW corner of Folsom and Steuart
streets. N 137:6 by W 137:6; $1875.
C. F. Marwedel (owner) with Robert McKllli
can (contractor); architect | Julius E. Krafft—
All work for alterations and additions to a four
story brick building at R8 First street, between
Market and Mission, 25 by 108; $6275.
Same owner with C. Chlshohn (contractor),
architect same— Carpenter work and also paint-
Ing finishing and white washing for same on
sjMne: $11,690. . . * .
E R. Llllenthal (owner) with City Street Im
provement Company (contractors), architect
Clinton Day — Piling, excavating and pumping
for a five-story and basement brick building on
N line of Mission street. 45:10 E of Beale,- N
137:6 by W 45:10; $8670. /
Same owner with George Goodman (con
tractor), architect tame — Concrete work In
foundation walls piers and area walls . and
pumping for same on same; $6344. -^_'
Same owner with Thoma«« W. Butcher (con
tractor), architect same— Brick, granite and iron
work for same on same; $22,437. ¦ .• ¦ '
Builders' Contracts.
San Francisco Breweries. Limited (Incorpor
ated In 1899) to The Debenture Corporation.
Limited, property 45. covering 87, will appear In
following. Issue.
The Debenture Corporation, Limited, and
San Francisco Breweries. Limited (Incorporated
1890) to San Francisco Breweries, Limited (in
corporated 1899), property In 1421 Deeds 325 and
45, covering 87, etc., will appear In following is
sue. , : ''
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to John
and Karl Blerbrauer, lot in Odd Fellows' Cem
etery; $200. . .
Estate of James G. Fair by J. S. Angus, T.
G, Crothers and W. S. Goodfellow, executors,
to Julia Campbell, lot on E line of Bennitlgton
street, 150 IJ of Ellert, N 23 by E 100, Fair's
subdivision of Holly Park ; $10.
Olive Verkouteren to Josef Nauer, lot on NE
corner of Felton and Goettlnsren streets, E 50 by
N 100, blocTc 17, Railroad Avenue Homestead;
$10. •
Marguerite Mound to William Nlcol, lot on
SW corner of C street and Eighteenth avenue,
W 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Cassius E. and Loretta Lamburth to same,
lot on NE corner of Twenty-second and Lou
isiana streets, N 100 by E 50; also lot on N line
of Twenty-second street, 73 E of Louisiana.
N 100 by E 25; $10.
William W. and Mary A. Lamburth to same.
same. (2 pieces), quitclaim deed; $10.
San Francisco Lumber Company to Thomas
Mitchell, lot on NW corner Utah street 'and
Twenty-fifth (Tolo), W 100 by N 25; $750.
Pacific Improvement Company to William J.
Smale. lot onsNW corner Illinois and Twentieth
(Napa) streets, N 60 by W 100; $10.
Cassius E. and Loretta Lamburth to Rlsdon
Iron and Locomotive Works, lot on NW corner
Twenty-second (Sierra) and Maryland streets,
W 100 by N 100, quitclaim deed; $10.
William AV. and Mary A. Lamburth to same,
lot on N line of Twenty-second (Sierra) street,
100 W of Maryland, N 100 by E 140;. $10. -
Ernest and Ella Buchse to Helen Demlng,
lot on NE line of Hampton place, 125 SE of
Folsom street, SE 27 by NE 55; $10.
Daniel F. McLaughlln to William McLaugh-
Hn, lot on NE line of Langton street, 225 SE
of Harrison. SE 50 by NE 80; gift.
William McLaughlln to Edward, William
J., Daniel F. and Neal P. McLaughli^ and
Cathe M. O'Leary, same; also lot on SW
line of Langton street, 250 SE of Harrison, SE
25 by SW 75; Blft. '
.Li. H. and Lizzie Sly to H. W. Postlethwaite,
lot on N line of McAllister street, 87:6 E of
Larkin, E E0 by N 137:6; $10.
Theodore Niemeler-to Tlllie Levey (wife of
Charles C), lot on E line of Larkln street,
25 N of Vallejo. N 24:6 by B 110; J10.
Cuneo and Costa Company (incorporated) to
Mauro and Carmela Fennone, lot on S line
of Vallejo street, 137:6 E of Kearny, E 137:6
by S 137:6; J10.00O. . ¦ ->,
Augustus Blodes to Spring Valley Water
Works, lot on E line of Pond street, 107:6 N
of Seventeenth, N 25 by E 68:9'; $10.
Edith C. SedgeleiC. and ."John, Kelao, surviv
ing trustees of estate of Rosetta A. Sedgeley,
to John H. Frledrichs, lot on E line of Fol
som street, 125 N of Eighteenth. N- 160, E
147:11%, SE 16O:3»S, W 157:6%; $9609. '
• T. J. and Myrtle K. Roche to L. C. Levy, lot
on N line of Fulton street, 131:3 E of Central
(Lott) avenue, E,.25.by 7 .N 137:6; $10.
Lev! R. Ellert to Sarah E. EHert, lot on W
line of Webster street, 112:6 S of California, S
25 by W 100; elft.
Same to Same, lot on W line of Webster
street, 112:6 N of Pine, N 25 by W 100; gift.
Christian and Sophie Gehert to Philip Canny,
lot on W line of Fillmore street, 50 S of Hayes,
S 25 by W 103:6; J10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The greatest addition in the number of
banks made by one State occurred in Tex
as, where sixty-eight new banks were or
ganized, with a capital of $2,363,000. The
greatest increase in capital resulting from,
new banks occurred in Pennsylvania,
amounting to $3,527,000. Ohio comes sec
ond in the increase of capital stock, her
thirty-five new banks showing an increase
of $2,745,000. — Commercial Tribune.
During the period- elapsing between
March 14, 1900, and April 27. 1900, 529 banks,
with a capital of $27,387,000, were organ
ized. Deducting the banks placed In vol
untary liquidation or in charge of receiv
ers, the net increase in the number: of
banks has been 481. On April 27 last there
were in existence 4068 banks, with an au
thorized capital of $643,161,695; bonds on
deposit to secure circulation, $324,018,380,
and circulation "outstanding secured by
bonds, $321,976,251. In the number of new
banks the Middle States, including Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Michig-an, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, ' Iowa and Missouri, take the
lead, with 176 banks, having an aggregate
capital of $9,305,000.
The Comptroller of. the Currency has
made an official statement of the opera
tions of the hard-money bill in respect of
national banks. The bill authorizing: the
organization of national banks with a
minimum capital of $23,000, permitting: the
issue of circulation to the par value of
bonds deposited and reducing the semi
annual duty on circulation secured by
bonds, , went into effect- March 14. 1900.
There were then in existence 3617 national
banks, with a capital of $616,308,095; bonds
on deposit to secure circulation, $244,611,570;
circulation secured by bonds, 5216,374,795.
Middle States Leading.
News was also received that an organi
zation called the Village Union (Llenchuan
Hal) hasy risen in five districts lying north
of Paotingr. Inquiries made by the French
from Paoting have disclosed that the in
surgents, who have their headquarters at
Yenchow, number 20,000, mostly disbanded
soldiers and Boxers. They have Issued
circulars calling upon the throne to pay
no foreign indemnity.
The Chinese insurgents crossed the bor
der into Korea, but were driven back by
the Korean troops, the Chinese losing
twelve men. The number of men assem
bled at Antung is some 3000, and the In
habitants of Wlju are much perturbed,
being apprehensive of an eruption across
the Yalu. This Intelligence suggests that
there are two bodies of Insurgents. Fugi
tives arriving, in Chefu give serious ac
counts of the state of affairs. They rep
resent the whole of Shingklng as in a
state of unrest, even to the gates of
Moukden, and they declare that Russia
has not sufficient force to preserve order.
The Japanese Consul at Chefu in his re
port to the Government states that the
pirates who recently appeared along the
coast of Shangtung and Llaotung were
pursued by a Chinese Government trans
port and a number of them were decapi
tated by the Taotal of Chefu, and in con
sequence these places were liberated from
piratical depredations. The Russians have
dispatched a force from Halcheng to at
tack the Insurgents. ,
The Russian garrison in Fenchwang
does not seem to be sufficient to cope with
the movement, and reinforcements will
have to be sent from Port Arthur or
Moukden, an operation requiring some
time. A great number' of Chinese men
and women are reported to have fled from
Tatung to Chefu, the insurgents having
brought the former place within the
sphere of their operations. The rising in
the neighborhood of Fenchwangtlen Is
continually gaining strength, and it is be
lieved that there is practically no t gov
ernment in Manchuria.
The Russian forces are entirely Insuf
ficient to maintain '.:der In Southern Man
churia. At Antung, in the southeastern
part of Shlngking, the insurgents are
daily developing strength. They now num
ber several thousand and have possession
of Kiullen as well as Antung. The effects
of the disturbances are felt even in WIJu,
beyond the Manchurlan frontier. •
VICTORIA, B. ,C, July 26,-Advlces by
the steamer Duke of Fife from the Orient
include details of the rising in Manchuria.
Refugees from the affected district are
reaching Chefu, and the Japan Jklail says
they report the whole province of Shlng
king in a state of insurrection. Rebels are
pillaging, burning and killing around
Moukden. All the villages and hamlets
have been burned and hundreds of the
Inhabitants who offered resistance have
been killed. - : •
Chinese Officials Pursue Pi
rates and Many Are Be
headed.
Alarming Reports of In
surrection, in Man
churia. .
REBEL FORCES
PILLAGE TOWNS
"The strike is not affecting the United
States Steel Corporation as seriously as
was expected by the Amalgamated Asso
ciation. The feeling of the leading offi
cials of the trust is that the strike will
not last long after the summer weathver is
passed. That this is the belief is indi
cated by the little effort that the com
pany is making to force their mills Into
operation. If the officials of the United
States Steel corporation seriously be
lieved that the strike was going to be a
long one they would undoubtedly have
made some organized effort, for break
ing the strike before this."
As viewed by manufacturers not inter
ested directly with the strike, the sit
uation was summed up to-day in this way:
Definite announcement that the officials
of the American Sheet Steel- Company
would start the Deweea-Wood mill in Mc-
Keesport as a non-union plant on Monday
reached the headquarters of the Amalga
mated Association to-day. The news was
received in silence. That the movement
would not be permitted to be made with
out a decided attempt to check it was
subsequently shown by a long and earnest
conference that took place during the
afternoon in President Shaffer's office.
This movement/ fighting fire with flre,
carried consternation into the ranks of
the strikers. The welders are highly skill
ed workmen, and without .their co-opera
tion the big plant will be closed down.
With them in line the plant will probably
keep on running as though nothing had
happened. It was Intimated to-night by
friends of the welders Uat they would
all sign the contracts.
It transpired to-day that late on Thurs
day evening 600 welders of the mills were
paid off and then taken Into the office of
the general superintendent, where they
were presented with individual contracts
to 'bo '.signed for at least a year. Some
demurred, while others signed the con
tracts.
PITTSBURG, July 26.— The National
Tube Works Company at McKeesport has
made an unexpected move Intended to
checkmate the Amalgamated Association.
Their skilled workmen have been asked to
sign Individual contracts to practically re
pudiate any labor union, and they have
been given but a short time to think it
over. It is understood that should they
not sign the contracts they will find their
positions vacant.'
Skilled Workmen Asked to
Sign \ Contracts Repudiat
ing Labor Unions, i
Steel Managers Are Try
ing to Checkmate
Strikers' Acts.
TRUST FIGHTING
FIRE WITH FIRE
FRIDAY, July !&-4 p, m.
Eie.Ask. Bld.Aak.
Alpha <:3 t* Itmtlee N* ">
Alta «3 08 Kentuck 02 OS
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 19 V>
Best & Belcher 21 32 Occidental t% im
Bullion ...< <!2 03 Ophlr »J w
Caledonia 35 40 Overman 1"> 1«
Challenge Con.. • U « Potoal It 12
Chollar 10 12 Savage ~ 12 13
ConHdenee 1 TO 1 70 Scorpion — 0J
Con Cal & Va..3 *) 2 15 Seg Belcher.... 02 01
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. W »¦»
Con New York. 01 C2 Silver Hill 2S M
Crown Point... 11 12 St Louis 0« —
Eureka Con.... 0« — Suuidard 3 3j —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate C3 —
Oould & Curry. IS WiUnlonCon 1" 1"
Hale & Norcrs. 22 23 l!rah M 2J
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 82^ W
SCO Best & Belcher T\i 3C0 Hale & Norcrs. TO
400 Challenge Con.. -W SCO Mexican 1»
200 Chollar 1(> SCO Occidental CS
100 Con Cal & V.2 07V, 200 Ophlr 77
SCO Con Cal & V.2 12*i 2CO Overman 1*
250 Con Cal & V...2 1* SCO Savajce It
400 Con Cal & V.2 \SVs W Sierra Nevada. t»
KO Confidence 150 ICO Yell jw JacfceU. "-T
300 Gould & Curry. 13 540 Yellow Jacket.. 2H
500 Gould & Curry. IS 300 Yellow Jacket.. 30
9C0 Gould & Curry. 17
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alpha Con 0*1 3P0 Hale & Xorcrs. 22
600 Belcher 12! 300 Mexican 20
100 Belcher 13H 300 Occidental C8
100 Best & B?lcher 22, :i» Ophlr *>
700 Challenge Con.. 4\\ 330 Ophlr ....i S2
800 Con- Cal & V...7 20 1 300 O\erman 1«
1<X> Con Cal & V... 1 : 23 1100 Savage 13
350 Con Cal & V.2 2H' 5^0 Union Con 1<J
100 ConfMenco ....^. 50 100 Ye! low Jacket.. 3i>
300 Confidence 180 3C0 Yellow J.tcSeU. 31
1200 Crown Point... 12 ICO Yellow Jacket. . 3
500 Hale & Norcra. 21 200 Yellow Jacket.. 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
SCO Belcher* II S00 Mexican 20
500 Challenge 45 SCO Occidental •"»
100 Con Cal & Va..2 20 130 Ophir *?
600 Con Imperial... 02 €00 Ophlr s.. 8^
200 Confidence t ft) 200 Overman If
100 Crown Point... 11 500 Seg Belcher.... M
1C00 Gould & Curry. IS 800 Sierra Nevada. 1J
300 Hale & Norcrs. 22 3i>0 Vnion Con IT
600 Hale & Norcrs. 23 Vm Yellow Jacket.. S3
600 Justice 09 30 Yellow Jacket.. 3*
SCO Kentuck 031
Afternoon Session
100 Challenge 35. 2C0 Mexican IS
800 Con Cal & Va..2 15 7C0 Ophlr ........... 7u
80O Gould & Curry. 17 2CO Sierra Nevada. 1>
100 Hale & Norcrs. 2C ICO Union Con 1»
I0O Justice 4 00 SCO Yellow Jacket.. 2>
Morning Sessioa
Following were the sales In the San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 27, 1901.
11
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Aus Thurs., Aug. 1. 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday, August 6, 10 a. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu...
Saturday, August 10. 2 p. m.
J. D.SP3ECXELS & BROS. 60., Eansra! fipnts, 327 Vaiiet St
fien'l Passenger OSes, S43 Market St., Pier Ho. 7. Pacific St
From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 3C0 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacinc Coast Agent.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. *40: Meals Free.
5. S. Argyll sails Mon I *y. Aus£. 12
6. S. Leelanaw «nlls Monday, Aug. 28
8. S. Argyll sni s Tuesday. Sept. 24
PANAMA R. R. T^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
C0HPAGN1E GENERALS TRAH3ATLAHTI3US
DIR*ECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday. Instead o£ <|fr^x5»
Saturday, a't 10 a. m.. from oler 42. »»*HSs5
North River, foot of Morton street; La Cham-
pagne, August 1; La Gascogne. August 8;
•L'Aqultaine, August 13; La Normandie. Au-
gust 22.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, {45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway bulldlns). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5"Montsomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamera.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. . ». '
ACONCAGUA.. Aug. 6JGT7ATEMALA...Aus. 21
PERU.... Aug. — (PALENA Sept. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapuleo or .Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
' BALFOUR GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. -
A AAQniA g f> i»A HAWAII, MVOA, NF«
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, atl p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki aad Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA Iff ARU... Saturday. Aug.* 10. 1D01
SS. HONGKONG MARU...
'Wednesday. September 4. 1901
£S. NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market - street, corner First.
XV. H. AVERT. General Asent. ¦
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd llntnrn.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. Sac to $1 60: week, $2 to
W; month. {8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot nnd cold water;, baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, . 28 Eiffhth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run. water; baths; phone: cheap.
THE Bachelor. 18 Mason . St.— 100 furnished
rooms, COo up; elevator: electric .Unhts In
every room: return call bells; first-class;
newly furnished . and renovated; central;
quiet: centlemcn only.
VAN NESS, 807— Elepant suites, newly fur-
nithed. $30; also others; rooms flrst class.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
1 Buhscri.mons has been established at 103tS
Valencia »t. ¦ ¦ : '¦
ROOMS AND HOARD. .
ONE or two girls familiar with housework;
no •ookins; who want to enter school or
college on an economical : baslB, can have a
good home and board for work. Address or
call at Swarthmore Hall, 670 Harrison St.,
S. F. Cal. -. .- ' •
HARRISON. 570— Newly furnished rooms and
board. $3 SO, $4, 15 a week; line location;
use«of parlors, piano, bath, large garden. or
yard. American family; transients, 75c,; $1
a day. : ¦¦•'.• ¦
UNRIVALED furnished rooms;' best corner In
Oakland; unsurpassed family table, . 2Sc . per
meal; $4 per week: every accommodation and
attention. 1103H Broadway, cor Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland. ¦
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management; modern: sunny rooms; ta-
ble board: unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 624— Nice sunny front
room, with board: hot and cold water; bath;
suitable for 2; terms reasonable. . '
CALIFORNIA, 807— Stevenson mansion: select
family hotel;exceptlonal table attractive rms.
THE HEATH.312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en sulte,glngle;exceHent cuisine.
HOTEL Repeller, »81 Sutter-Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourist?.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nlshed sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leaven worth— Fine sunny
rooms^slngle and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS AND nOARD WANTED.
BOARD and rooms wanted for i family of
four adults near Park Panhandle. Address,
giving terms and location. Dox 44B7. Call. --
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— We are responsible for our photo
contracts and coupons as they are printed:
positively no verbal agreements with agents
accepted. GLOBE Portrait Co., 3 Taylor st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10, tel. 65S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American DI«pen«ary, 514 Pine.
A WEEK'S news for C cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pageg. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SKW1XG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOPSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
TY"Pt3AVIlITKRS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARG^N¥^N^YpliwRITER^S-^\\ : e
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $t week
and have your work In sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4835.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. '
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Carl Jeschien, 39, Oakland, and Christian
Walletz. 26, East Berkeley.
Clarence C. Chappelle, 29, ' 63S Green street,
and Ethel G. Aplln, 20, East. Highlands.
George L Battelle, . 21, city, and . Dora Lund,
IS, Oakland.
BIRTHS— MARmGES- DEATHS. v
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at. cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
BURGE— NAVARRET— In this city, July 24,
1901, by the Rev. William Rader, Fred A.
Bursre of Fort Mason, San Francisco, and
Mary A. Navarret of San Jose.
GASTMAN— DIENST— In this city, July 22,
1001, by the Rev. William Rader, William
Gastman and Anne Louise LIsette Dlenst,
both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Barry, Maurice Jordan, Martha
Bergln. Guadalupe McCormlck, John C.
Brecklnridge, Lloyd McGrath, Victoria
Bunger, Christian • McKee, Charles H.
Condrln. James T. ' Nelson, Ellen . . t
Doane, Hettie Sellgman, Babette
Driscoll, Thomas B. Sheldon,- Edward H.
Erlcksen, Emll H. Silverfoote, Florence
Ferler, Louis Jr. Waldron. Margaret
Gainey, Jane, Ward, Edward C. \
Grier. Sara C. Whelan, Philip
Jeffcoat, Cyril M.
BARRY— In this city, July 23, 1901, Maurice,
beloved husband of the late Annie Barry, and
brother of Richard Barry, a native of the
.parish of Carrlgtwohlll, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 60 years.
(CTTriends and acquaintances^are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BERGIN— In Oloron, Ste. Marie, France, Gua-
dalupe Bergln. beloved daughter of. Franclsca
Walklnshaw Bergln and the late John Ber-
gin of Mountain View.
BRECKINRIDGE— In this city, July 25, 1901,
Lloyd Tevls Brecklnrldge, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years.
ICFFuneral private.
BUNGER— In this city, July 25, 1901, Christian,
beloved husband of Wilhelmlne Bunger, and
father of Fred and Minnie Bilnger, a native
of Hanover, Germany, aged 56 years 11
months and 2o days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances and members
of Burns Lodge No. 68, A. O. U. W., are
respectfully' Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrovr (Sunday), at 1:20 o'clock, from his
late residence, 347 Fourth avenue, corner of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
I DANIEL P. DONOVAN,- Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKR3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
JAMBS McGINN, 1
Formerly with McGinn Bros., 'has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
cremation:
The Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association,
¦> Point Lobos ave., t«. F., Cal.
The ordinance prohibiting burials In San
Fi"anclsco after the first day of August, '1901
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less harmful t» the living than » the
ashes of their dead. ¦ ¦ / ¦ ¦
Permits to cremate will be issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, . Manager.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ean Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager/ ¦
SAxI FRANCISCO. Cal.— Notice is hereby given
t..at CHARLES H. JACOB of the firm of
CHARLES H. JACOB & CO.. funeral -direc-
tors and embalmers, 318 ' Mason street, -has,
by order of court, had his name chanced to'
CHARLES H. J. .TRUMAN, by reason, of
. which the name of his firm becomes '
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN & CO. Under '
this name he continues to do business at {he j
same place. Telephone Wain 6213. ¦•¦•..¦ •*
RED STAR LINE.
New Yorlc and Antwern.
From New York "Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Vaderland ..August 7 Frlesland August 23
Kensington ..August 14 Southwark .....Sept 4
•Zeeland August 21 * Vaderland Sept. 11
•Stop at Cherbourg. ea*tbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. t>. TAYLOR
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
•' . Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
¦ From New Tork Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul.:... .August 7|St- Paul August St
St. Louis August 14 St. Lculs ;Sept. 4
Philadelphia.. August 21 'Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
AMERICAN LINE.
TEW "70SK. SOUTH 4HPT0N. 10TD0N. PiRli
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BS2TE and KEAM.
SS- COLUMBIA
- — Sails July 12. 22. August 1. 11. 21. 31
SS. <3EO. W. ELDER.
Sails July 7, 17. 27, August «. 1«. it
D.'W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt..l Montgom'y. S.F.
IiOWKST RATES.
And =5Tiort Rail Line from Portland try oV
points East. Through fi;!cet« tr> nil
points, all rail *»r nteamsTifo «ni rail, ni
Only Steamship Xilxio to
PORTLAND, Or.,
O. /?. & N. CO.
a .. Steamers leava Broadway
ik, . Wharf. San Francisco:
f*Nh" For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
WfEg3*>. July 13. 20, IS. 30, August 4.
R»yfi*A%hv Change to company's steam-
' EST w*i\S^l e «" s a * Seatt'e.
I*Fs8tN VM t^r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
! fi^K^Cvlfti C.>. Port Townsend. Seattle.
i c^^C3aoK3M Taroma. Everett, Anaeortes
*• >iul New Whatcom (Wash.)—
7»«-^% u a jj,^ July 15> so> 25, 30.
Aug. 4, and every fifth *iy thereafter. Chans*
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1-30 p. m..
July 11. 16. 21. 26. 31. Aug. 5, and every fifth
day theretifter. *
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Anxetes and Redondo (Los An-
gelesV-Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California. Wednesdays. 9
"•For" Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cni».
Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucoa. Port Harford
(San Lnls Obispo), Gaviota. Santa Earbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport ('Corona . only)— Steamer
Corona. Saturdays. 9 a. m.; steamer Eonita.
Tuesdays, 9 a, n».
For F.nsenada. Maedalena Bay. Pan Jow del
Cabo MaJiatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. '
For further information obtain company s
folders. ¦
The comsonT reserves the rlfrnt tn change
steamers, sn.ir.ng- dates and hours of sallin*
¦without nrerrtoos notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
OGEA3T TRA.VEL.
REAL. ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
CHEAP HOMES. ~~ P "~
New Sunny- Houses.
S5C0 Cash, Balance Monthly.
¦ Only 19 minutes' ride from New City Hall.
Cottage. 5 rooms end bath {2250
¦ / - Lot 65 ft. front.
j Cottage, 5 robins and bath {2500
Corner lot, 63x60.
House, 8 rooms and bath j $2000
Corner lot, 40x85, ,
Choice location. Market-Et. • extension, be-
tween ISth and 19th Kts.
»¦ - - * Particulars HOOKER & LENT. -
14 Post st.
$6500— TERMS to rult; handsomely decorated
Funny 10-room residence; substantially built,
finished by day Tifork; every possible latest Im-
provement: heaters, registers. 6 basins, plate
nnd art glass windows; marine & park view;
the choicest of any near panhandle; large lut
26:6x100; Fultcn *t.. nr. Shrader: Hayes or
McAlllrter st. cars; open from 11 to 4:30.
SIX. seven- and elpht-room cottages: also two
fiat houses In block between 17th, ISth. Castro
and Noe sts.; H cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrcro-st. cars. F. NEL-
SON, builder. ._
$2750— BARGAIN: comfortable new house, 7
rooms and bath; sunny: 23 Cook et., near
Point Lobos ave.; easy payments. Owner
premises 2 to 4. jj ¦
BAY-WINDOW co«ag-e. 6 lots; S1300 cash,
or terms. W. MILLERICK, 627 Gatea st, oft
Cortland ave. ' '
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED— By responsible parties, ranch on
shares. Call or address 407 Thirty-eighth St.,
Oakland.
ALMiEDA 7 AMiTl$EMENE
AI.AMBDA IIBAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA and Frultvale bargains for Invest-
ors and houseseekers on easy terms . or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the flne?t residences In the city; 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished in oak, blrdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated: lot 85x170 feet.
SPECIAL.
Two modern cottages, 5 rooms and bath;
near station; fl500.
'' A. R. DENKB. ,
Webster-st. Station, Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nGRKBLEY REAL I25TATE.
TWO new 6-room cottages, brick foundation! :
all modern plumbing; lot 40x120; 6 minutes'
walk from station and 3 minutes' from elec-
tric car line; price. $1500; $100 down and bal-
ance on easy terms. JNO. R. PERKINS,
real estate, Lorln sta., Berkeley, Cal.
NEW 8-room house; brick foundation: all mod-
ern plumbing;; lot 40x100; 8 minutes' walk
from station and 5 minutes' from electric car
line; price $2400: $100 down, balance on easy
terms. JNO. R. PERKINS, real estate,
Lorln sta.. Berkeley.
ONLY $2750— New 7-room houses, complete In
every particular, containing window shade
combination fixtures and the SunllRht water
heater, enabling you to set hot water at any
time durlnc the day or night without flre;
on the sunny side of street and near the
cars. ADoly to JOSEPH J. MASON. Real
Estate. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
5-ROOM cottage; 2 bay windows; high base-
ment; chicken-house; street work all done;
. lot 25x133; price $1000; 3 blocks to railroad sta-
tion: North Oakland. Addreos M. CHRIS-
TEXSEN, 1236 Green St.. San Francisco.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
HIS Broadway; telephone Main 10. .
OAKLAND ' ROOMS AXD BOARD.
TENTH, £72— Beautiful sunny rooms: for cou-
ples; home cooking; $10 upward; references.
OAKLAXD ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — In Oakland. 1 or 2 furnished house-
keeping rms. In private family. 3148 16th. city.
OAKLAXD FURMTURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. Jlth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BROADWAY. 410-412— The most elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms in locality; single and
housekeeping:; rents reasonable; first-class at-
tention.
EROADWAT, S30— $S; 1 or 2 sunny front rooms;
bath, yard, stationary tubs.
CALIFORNIA, 3031—3 sunny rooms furnished
for Hcht housekeeping: no children.
CEDAR ave.. 24, near Larkin. Post and Geary —
3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
running water; bath; reasonable.
EDDY, S2J — Unfurnished handsome double par-
lors and three other rooms; splendid location.
EDDY, 93J— 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
conveniences; private residence; no children.
ELLIS, 1016— Small suite and kitchen; newly
- furnished modern flat; reasonable; no chlldrn.
FIFTH, 309 — New bouse, nicely furnished bay-
window rooms; gas; running water; also
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
FIFTEENTH, 2136. north of Market— 3 unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms and suites.
HYDE. 412— Sunny alcove, suite unfurnished;
also basement suite of 2 or 3 rooms, $14; also
furnished. .
LEAVENWORTH, 720, near Sutter— New and
elegantly furnished rooms; all conveniences
I for housekeeping^
MINNA. 237, New York Hous^ bet. Third and
Fourth— Housekeeping rooms; 2 and 3 rooms.
MISSION, 1063 — Suites of housekeeping rooms,
completely furnished.
MORRIS ave., 113, near Bryant— 2 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent Jo.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— $6 per month, sun-
ny furnished housekeeping rooms to let.
OAK, 119— Large sunny parlors, • furnished,
housekeeping; yard; $16; other single rooms;
reasonable.
OFARBELL, 1811—1 furnished and 2 unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping, 115 up; reference.
POWELL, 1401 — 2 or 3 large connecting rooms
for housekeeping, gas, bath; also single
rooms; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— One or two very desir-
able clean, nicely furnished rooms; private'
residence: light housekpg. allowed If desired.
SECOND ST.. 212 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping and others; clean and respectable;
¦^no children; reasonable. ¦ .
SEVENTH, 304—2 fine front connecting rooms,
partly furnished; carpets, curtans, folding
bed, gas; reasonable.
TURK, 613—2 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing. $12; 1 large unfurnished room. Apply
from 1 to 3. ", -
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
rubscriptiens has been established at 109<
Valencia ft.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOSIS TO LET — Fnrn. and Dnfnrn.
AHLBORN^HOTELTszi Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals. 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to {1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per wetk, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to $1 night; phone Black 491S.
JJURNETT. 1426 • Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; aljo unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM. 820. near Fourth— Nicely furnished
rooms to rent, $1 per week. . « •
$1 A WEEK— Sunny furnished room; also one
front room, closet, bath, $1 25. 834 Folsom at.
1 HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
Et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elecantly 'urnlshed; strictly first-class;
£0c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-Et. cable cars to Turk st.
HAYES. 136— Small sunny room, suitable for
gentleman; rent ?G.
JESSIE, 62— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms; use
of kitchen.
•KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Offices,, or sunav
furnished rooms; en suite or sjngle.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nirhed rooms, {2 a week up; 25c a day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. .ights: day,' week. mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
• tCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Leander's
Church, San Leandro. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
ICFriends and members of the . above
association \ ?.re Invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock
from the parlors of the California Undertak-
ing: Company, 405 Powell street, near Pest.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WHELAN— In San Leandro, July 24, 1901
Philip, -beloved son of John and Mary Whe-
lan, a native of San Leandro, aged 23
• years 3 months and 3 days. . • F
IC?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-»orrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 641 Kennedy street. East Oak-
land. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land.
WALDRON— In this city, July 26, 1901, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late William
Waldron, a native of Ireland.
WARD— In this city, July 25, 1901, Edward C,
beloved ' husband of Grace Ward, and father
of Henry L. and Charles Ward, a native of
Ohio, aged 36 years. A member of Longshore-
men's Protective Association.
H7PYlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2^30 o'clock, at St.
Paul's Church, California street, near Fill-
more. "Interment private. ~ -
SILVERFOOTE— In Oakland. July 26, 1901,
Florence Mildred, beloved daughter of Jo-
seph and Rose Silverfoote, and .sister of
Grace and Juanita Silverfoote, a native of
East Oakland, aged 3 years 3 months and 13
days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend* the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:45 o' clock'. •' from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11:30
o'clock.
SHELDON— Entered into rest. July 26. 1901,
Edward Harmon Sheldon, a native of Ver-
mont. (Baltimore, Md., and Middleborough,
Vt., papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at. 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3975 Nineteenth street, near Noe,
thence to Mission. Dolores Church, where a
Holemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKEE— In Nevada City, Cal.. July 26, 1901.
Charles . H. McKee, a native ot Marysville,
Cal., aced 42 years 6 months and 25 days.
NELSON— A ' requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
Ellen Nelson of 222 Pacific street at St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, this
(Saturday) mornlnc at 9 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are invited to attend.
SELIGMAN— In this city, July 26. 1901, Ba-
bette, relict of the late Moses Sellgman, and
beloved mother of Max and Jesse Sellgman,
a native of Wuergbursr, Bavaria, aged 51
years 7 months and l.day.
nf^Frlends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the' residence
of his parents, 1342 Nineteenth avenue south,
between I and J streets south. Interment
Italian Cemetery, San Mateo County.
OAINEY— In this city. July 24, 1901, Jane, be-
loved wife of John Oalney, mother of Walter
J., Oenevleve M., Willie F., Gertrude A. and
Herbert F. Galney, and beloved daughter of
Mrs. Lucy Hogan, a native of St. John,
New Brunswick, aged 40 years. (St. John,
New Brunswick, and Boston papers please
copy.) *
tcyi'Vlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 251A Shipley street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
hlsh mesa, will be celebrated for the repess
of , her soul ¦ at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦""• . :
GRIER— In Oakland, July 24, 1901, Sara Caro-
, line Grler, a native of Ohio. . '
JEFFCOAT— At Lake Tahoc, Cyril Mure Jaft-
coat, a native of Murree, Punjab? India, aged
25 years. ' '
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully • Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the receiving
vault of Laurel Hill Cemetery.,
JORDAN— In this city, July 28, 1301, Martha
Jordan, beloved sister of Mrs. Annie Whit-
ham, and aunt of Harriet, Charl«s E.. Ruby,
Dorothy and Marian Whltham, a natlva . of
England. 1 • "'
E7FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from her late residence, 1318 Guer-
rero fitreet. at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
McCORMICK— In this city, July 26, 1901, John
C, beloved husband of Margaret. McCormlck,
and father of Samuel, Walter and Marie
McCormick; a native of County Donegal,
Ireland, ared 48 years and 10 months.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 601 Bryant street, thence to 8t to Rose's
Church for services at 9:45 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
McQRATH— In this, city, July 25. 1901, Vic-.
torU; beloved wife of Patrick McGrath, and
* lovlns mother of Nellie. Emma, Kathryn,
Cecelia, Joseph and Alice McOrath, a native
of County Waterford, Ireland, aged 43 years.
C3"Friends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully ' Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Odd
FellowB' Cemetery.
FERIER— At Bay View, South Ban Francisco,
July 26,' 1901. Louis Ferler Jr., dearly beloved
'. son of Louis and Mareuerlte Ferier, and be-
loved brother of Geonje, Llda, Mary, Rosle,
John, Charles, Lena.Angelo and Daniel Fer-
ler, a ri'atlve of San Franeisco, aged 8 years
6 months . and 4 days.
ETKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from her late residence. 31 Liberty
street, at 2 o'clock. Interment, private. . *
DRISCOLL— In this city. July 20. 1901, Thomas
. B., beloved son of Michael and the late Cath-
erine Drlscoll, and brother of William J.,
Frank J., Mary and Kate Drlscoll, a native
of Birmingham, England, aged 45 years 1
month and 23 days. :•{-
ERICKSEN— In this city, July 25, * 1901, Emll
I H. Erlckaen. beloved brother of Charles L.
Erlcksen, a native of Chrlstlanla, Norway,
aged 46 years 8 months and 22 days. A mem-
ber of Longshore Lumbermen's Protective
Association, Local No. 224. . ¦ '
.Point Lobos : "avehue/C Interment " Cypress
Lawn Cemotery. . '•
CONDRIN— In this city, July 26,. 1901, James
T; Condrln, relict of Susan A.. Condrln, a
natlvo or Boston, Mass.; aged 63 years,
DOANE— In this city, July '26. 1901, Hettie,
beloved sister of MIB3 S. I*. ¦ Doane, a na-
tive of Massachusetts. .• . .
9:15 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. - Sunday. S:4S a. m.. S:30 p.m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. m.. except
Eunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 d. m. Far* M
cents. Telephone Mala 1503. Landing and of-
flee, pier 2. ttlsslon-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJ9.
Steamsra GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
MOKCY/. TO ' lAiAX — Cnntlnoed.
, DHAIj <liro<t;' furniture, pianos: no removal;
lov/ rate; Ftrictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister
'U^r on furniture and p'.nnos; tl5 up; no removal;
n« ooreralgslcn; private. Itootn K1 O C Eddy sU
ON salaries or \v:,r. > ; no lndorser required. S.
F. niSCOl'NT AGENCY. 143 Thelan building. '
LOANS money on salary: no lndorfer; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 509 Phelan bldg.
$10fl.«;0o TO loan on real estate cr for building;
lew rat?. 222 Sannome *t., room t.
Till: Tousley Comiiany; loans and discounts.
2a Parrott buildir.jr.
CAFH loaned xn salaried jwople on note without
lndorcor. MOUKELI-. 603 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AI.L pUaoa purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway ;
vpripht or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
jirlco allowed. New upright planes. J6 per
month; notre good pienos fold for $3, {4 and
55 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stcinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
hf.. t-an Krancisoo; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth Ft., Oakland.
? LOW price for a piano Is what makes Quick
rales; whnt do ycu want better than $75 or
JlOO or JiCO? That's what we are offering.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 76S Mar-
ket Et. ¦ :
— -^— — — _— -______^____
A riANO can be rented from us and the rent
nri'lted on Its purchase; you can rent a
Decker if you want to; we sell on payments
that will Koon make the piano yours. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MfSIC CO.. 768 Market ft.
THE WILEY 1i. ALLEN CO., 9Z3 Market, S. F.
(.Branch S51 Broadway, Oakland.)
We sell the popular pianos of the day— Steck,
Everett. 1'aokard. Conover. Hardman. LudwlK,
Baldwin, Valley Gem. Smith & Barnes," Har-
rington. Kir.g*bjiry. Jewm and Straube.
You car.nnt affcrd to iniy a piano until you
gee THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
A FUrtPUIPE «»«lt« all who are interested rn
the «>!f-playlng piano: the Ceclllan is the lat-
est and t»e»t; you are invited to our dally
concert*. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post St.,
Vnion fduare, *ol» agents Sohmer & Co..
Byron Mauey, Gabler, Lester, Hamilton and
Pplelman iilaeoc.
ANY piano *old by us taken back any time
¦within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; cost* you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLEU & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
ft.; CKtahiUhed 1S.V>.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
wm. 1 H«Het & Davis. 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz. 1
Fterllng, ITS. I12S, $145. etc.; easy payments.
HENJ .CWtTAZ & SON. 16 OTarrell st.
Chlckering. Vo*<\ Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of nelf-player*.
ALL m.-ik-p; creat bargain: (SO up: rents J2 up
allowed; we vrant agents; pianos furnished
free: you g*t first money when you sell.
HEINE PIAfc'O CO.. 217 Geary St.
JAS. KEEFFE'8 piano warerooms now perma-
nently located »t 12 Turk at., near Junction
Mafon, Market and Turk; largest In city.
ANOTHER cleanlng-out sale of storage pianos
«t your own rrlrt: K Installments: no reserve.
WILSONS ETOHAGE CO.. 1706 Market sfr
STKIXWAY. $200: Hartman. $100: elegant pew
pianos. $150 up. XV. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood Udg.
BTEINWAY. Chlckertng. other uprights to closo
estate. Pierce' • PUno Factory, Market & 14th.
WANTED— The uw «f a piano for storage;
careful usage. ;C2~. Nineteenth »t.
tt CO RENTS a fine uprlrht piano: a few left.
ECOTT-CURTAZ TIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
BIG barpain In decant standard upright piano;
party leaving. El» Eddy st.. near Larkln.
TWO uprlctit pfanoo left on pale; Fieher. $95;
Chlckertng. $1S5. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
GOOD second-hand upright for Bale cheap.
6CHMITZ, 16 McAllister rt.
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights. $100: pianos
rented t2 upward. BRUENN. 208 Post «t.
A LARGE lot of pecond-hand uprijrht pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for cale cheap. E37 Mc-
Allister et.
ET-PKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MUL.LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
CORNER store: living rooms; fitted up for
procery and bar: cheap to business man.
KOOKER & LENT. 14 Post.
PACIFIC. 228— Handsome large etore. reduced
to £5; also S10 Sansome. store, rent $6.
LIGHT, cheerrul effiee*: $15 and J20. Emma
¦_ OH,.
FOR sale— A lease en proven territory adjotn-
lr.g the Ean Joaquln Co. 474 Parrott bide.
OIL tacks, eecond hand. In eoort order: atl
riges: cheap. H. S. WHTTK. E1< M'.sM»r ft.
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 50 up; tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 219 Sd St.; tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTItV.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
1TME. GERMAINE. the business Dalmist of
the Pacific Coast ; 1 to 5. 906 Market St.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561,
PERSONALS. ~~
\VAXTED- Experienced manager for special
branch of our business extending over Coast
and Hawaiian Islands. If mutually agreeable
party may purchase ope-half interest of this
branch. State experience, ability, age. etc.
A. B.. Box 3756 Call office.
TTLCERS CT,"REI>— Ulcerlne (a new discovers-)
a product of the Philippine Islands, will posi-
tively cure ulcers of the leg; no detention
[ from business; consultation free at out office
ULCERINE CO., 40 Ellis et.. rooms 18 and 19J
take elevator.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 4SS Geary st., and' you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
tl" 50— SOLID cak bedroom set; plate mirror.
Jl— Solid oak chair; factory price.
!2-Enam«l beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC licht In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 DO per night; Jl 50 to $6 per week;
Tree bus an3 baggage to and from th« fern 1 .
51 WEEKLY-Suits to order from genuine.
Scotch. $15 up; fine drees stilts, $S0 up- «>i*-
¦ pant overcoats. JJ5 up. LEON LEMOS U1I
Market Et., between Seventh and Eighth.
INFORMATION of the whereabouts of W T
SMILEY will be thankfully received by" In-
qulrlng party. Address box 2742, Call office.*
LARGE sale of real estate August J, »oi, at
private sale. See ad in Chronicle. T. A.
WHITE enamel iron beds. *ln*le, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING!
CO.. 1210-1312 Stockton Ft., near Broad way.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 636 Mission st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles lestroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter et.
TAILOR made cults. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD pold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
ilASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlirs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
"com cure; 25c; all druggists.
m " ¦ — . — ,
> XEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
V? images. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per
phtsxciaks a\d surgeons.
13R. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1021 Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, nerb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at orflce. 135-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG, WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
7C4-7C6 Clay st. : ree teftlmo'nlals at office.
PILES.
KEARLT 10O0 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over £0 names of prominent business men
»*nt ae reference; no chloroform, surgery or
rfelay from business, and no calves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950 Call
orfw. p.. f.. Cal. '
KEAL ESTATE — COU>TRV r — For Sale
FOR~^ALE~UeAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatf, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Franr-isco is crowing rapidly; location
be« for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California Et., for pam-
phlets or Information.
DO you want to Invest a Uttle money In some
lands that will make you a fortune quick?
Write at once, for fu!l particulars. Address
Box 5744. Cal! office.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
frt-e lift. C. R. WirfFIELD. Petaluma. Cal
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE^
LARGE and sma iPltousea 7or~saJe7Tiease J ~or
exchange; building: lots and land by acre. J.
TUNSTEAD. Kan Aneelmo.ROOMS OF THE REPUBLICAN PRIMARY LEAGUE AND QUARTERS OF THE KELLY-CRIMMINS COUNTY COM
MITTEE, SIMULTANEOUSLY PHOTOGRAPHED. LEAGUE ACTIVITY AND BOSS DEMORALIZATION INDI
CATED BY THE CAMERA. PICTURE OF THE KELLY-GAGE RENDEZVOUS SHOWS THAT THE BOSSES
HAVE NO OPEN SUPPORTERS.
SACRAMENTO, July 28.— It is announced
here to-night that President Elwood Coop
er of .the State Board of Horticulture has
appointed John Isaacs of San Francisco
secretary pro tern, of the board, vice B.
M. Lelong, deceased. The " appointment
was made on July 20. Isaacs has been
serving as assistant quarantine officer of
the board at San Francisco.
Board of Horticulture.
ISAACS SUCCEEDS LELONOr.
Appointed Secretary Pro Tern, of the
Reception to the Congressional Aspi
rant in Eedlands.
REDLANDS. Jtily- : 26.— Major Frank <
Prescott, who has' recently returned from /
the Philippines, was given ' a, public re- k
ception at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation Auditorium to-night by the citi
zens of Redlands. Mayor William Fowler
had charge of the arrangements. The
principal address of welcome was deliv
ered by J. J. Suess. The reception was in
the nature of the formal launching of
Major Prescott's candidacy for Congress
from this district. He is a Republican, a
lawyer by profession and his friends re
gard his nomination as practically as
sured.
FRESCOTT'S BOOM LAUNCHED.
The following directors were also elected:
B. F. Treadwell, F. C . Macbeth. Morgan
Backus. L. A. Gibbons. H. F. Suhr Jr., K. W.
Dennis, John M. McGee, Louis Beede.
. Percy V. Lone, oresldent: William M. Ab
bott, vice president: John T. Gibson, recording
secretary; Luther Elkins, treasurer; Grove C
Ketchum, financial secretary.
a meeting of the Fremont Club held
las! night In the clubrooms, History build
ing, after a spirited contest a constitu
tion and bylaw-3 were adopted, and per
manent officers -were elected as follows:
Board of Directors Chosen.
FREMONT REPUBLICAN" CLUB.
Percy V. Long Is Elected President.
numerous signatures -were placed thereon.
Chairman Treat announced that tna
names of twenty-one delegates for the
district convention would -be - considered
by the executive committee at the league
headquarters, 1206 Market street, next
Thursday evening, at which time another
meeting of the league club will be held.
The club then adjourned. \
they will not . object to holding next year's ¦
State convention In Los Angeles.
HOW THE STRATTON LAW FELL
Bosses Caused Its Undoing Because
It Checkmated Them.
The primary election law guarantees
to the people of the city fair dealing at
the polls. It gives assurance that the
bosses and rowdies cannot win, as they
won last year, by stuffing and smashing
the ballot boxes. While honest men are
rejoicing in the protection which the law
affords, it is a good time to tell the true
story concerning the overthrow of the
Stratton primary law. In the first pri
mary election, August, 1899, under the
Stratton law, the bosses were defeated
and driven to the wall. When the lead
ing politicians of the push element saw
the power that the law placed in the
hands of the people they resolved to break
it down. In the law office of W. C. Van
Fleet the conspiracy was hatched to over
throw the Stratton act. Van Fleet, a
standing candidate for the Supreme bench,
is a confidential agent of W. F._ Herrin.
The purpose of the scheme hatched in
the law office of Van Fleet was to place
the machinery of . the . Republican party
organization -in the hands of Herrin. How
the Supreme Court was , induced to de
cide against the validity of the law is past
finding- out.- There is nothing in the de
cision to" enlighten the public or edify the
lawyers. r The ¦ safeguards guaranteed to
the people were thrown overboard by the
Supreme Court on the eve of the election
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
Bossism Denounced at a Meeting of
Citizens in, Golden Gate Hall.
The Republican Primary League Club of
the Forty-second Assembly District held
a meeting at Golden Gate'Hall last night.
R. B. Treat was the chairman of the even
ing and J. E. Slinkey acted as secretary.
In calling the. meeting to order Chair
man Treat said the principal aim- of the
club was to secure good municipal of
ficers. This was to be secured by sending
the best men to the primary conventions.
Heretofore the purity of the primary bal
lot was destroyed through the agency of
political cliques led by creatures known
as bosses. ' " ¦ ."
"At the present time," he continued,'
"the party is divided into two factions,
one led by the bosses, tne other by men
',who desire that the best men in the city
should be selected to. fill the city offices.
To the latter faction this elubbelongs. Its
main object is to secure a clean, respecta
ble and pure city government. The other
club in this district is controlled by that
faction which is known to be in sympathy
with ; Boss -Kelly. The best Republicans
In. the city are with us,. and if < they go to
the polls- they will win the day. If they
will do their duty the day , of . the bosses
is over. -We may have a. hard fight in
this district, but in any event our faction
will have the support of /the best men in
the district. With their co-operation the
success of the battle is assured."
D. W. Burchard was then Introduced as
one of the speakers of the evening.' He
began with the statement that he was no
offlceseeker, but that he was desirous of
seeing a respectable municipal govern
ment. ' He spoke of the army of - tax
eaters who are maintained, fed and
clothed through the agency of machine
politics without offering anything In re
turn. : .
I. W. Lees called attention to the neces
sity of registration of voters. The mem
bership roll was then declared open and
was organized by representative citizens
to awaken public interest in the coming
municipal election and to bring out a largo
vote' at the primary election on Tuesday,
August 13, is carrying' out the purposes of
its founders. League clubs are estab
lished In every Assembly district except
ing the Forty-first. In that particular dis
trict the Central Republican Club, of
which Horace Davis is president, was in
the field as an anti-boss organization of
demonstrated strength when the league
was founded.
The enrollment of voters under the aus
pices of the league surpasses original esti
mates. Sixteen days remain for citizens
to enroll. In order that the triumph or
anti-boss citizenship should be decisive
and complete the league enrollment should
approximate 20,000 before August 13. A
large enrollment, and consequently a
large vote, will seal the doom of the Kel
ly-Gage boss alliance. Citizens can prop
erly rebuke State interference in local af
fairs by going to the polls and voting for
delegates placed in the field by clubs of
the Primary League. Citizens may rest
assured that the league has no candidates
to favor, and candidates who are engaged
in compromising with boss elements in
order to obtain friendly delegations should
be advised to show their true colors. They
should be admonished to train openly
with' Kelly and Crimmins or come out
squarely for the Republican Primary
League.
-The last lingering hope of the boss al
liance is a light vote at the primary. It
is obvious now that the boss vote will be
very light if material reinforcements are
not brought into action by Sam Rainey
and the Democratic push. The rooms of
the Kelly-Crimmins county committee are
practically deserted. Voters shun the
place. The camera of the photographer
tells the true story of apathy at boss
headquarters, and the truth is that the
Kelly-Gage alliance has no following to
speak of. All the signs point to utter de
feat of the tax looters. At the headquar
ters of the Republican Primary League
citizens meet and exchange views regard
ing contests in their respective districts.
Good men are not ashamed to train under
the banner of the league. During the
evening hours the league rooms are
thronged with earnest and enthusiastic
workers. The afterpoon attendance is
shown by the photographic reproduction.
Most of the talk about opposition to the
Republican Primary League is mere bluff.
It is known, however, that the bosses will
resort to every cunning scheme known to
the adroit in politics to effect compromise
with independent clubs. By resorting to
tactics of this kind the bosses hope to di
vide the elements in favor of clean gov
ernment. When the votes are counted
Kelly and his gang will claim every dele
gate elected by organizations outside of
the Republican Primary League.
and the bosses at once" seized the party |
reins. Where open, free and easy pri
maries were ordered the boxes were
stuffed by the bosses before the polls
were open. In districts where county or
Congressional committees could be relied
on to appoint boss | delegates to the con
vention even the forms of primary election
were disregarded. The result was the Re
publican State convention at Santa Cruz,
presided over by W. C. Van Fleet and
dominated by W. F. Herrin. The State
Central Committee created by Herrin was
Indorsed by Herrin and Van Fleet. Every
thing in sight was delivered to the allied
bosses. W. C. Van Fleet's subserviency
was so deplorably open and flagrant that
he could make no excuse or explanation
of his conduct. Herrin's ownership of
the committee was undisputed. Herrin
regarded the committee as his own agent,
and at the close of the campaign gave his
check for $4500 to pay the committee's
debts. - Doubtless he reasoned that the
railroad ought to pay the debt, as the
committee was appointed to do the rail
road's work. By reference to the records
of disbursements President C. M. Hays of
the' Southern Pacific can ascertain some
thing of Herrin's transactions • in politics.
The allied bosses, are now giving circula
tion to the report that the owners of the
Southern Pacific have countermanded • or
ders recently issued by the president of
the company and ; given Herrin special
dispensation to do politics in the same old
style at the same olfi'stand. .' ,:
REPUBLICAN PRIMARY LEAGUE
I The Republican Primary. League, which
Verus cures 1 piles lor $50 -reward! 'All: up-,
to-date druccists selland guarantee it. •
T. P. O'Connor says that Sir 'Andrew
Clarke and not : Lord . Beacbn'sfleld , invent
ed the title "Empress of India." : Clarke,
now Agent General for Victoria r.nd.Tas
mania., was then Governor of the; Straits
Settlements, and wanted a phrase -to Im
press the Malays. A certain. M.ijor Mac
nalr snre-esterl "Emnress of India" to him.
Merchants.- Miners, Mechanics and Farmers
all drink Jess* Moore Whiskey in preference to
any otier brand. .'-¦'.'¦' • ¦¦
RIVERSIDE, July, 26.— W. H. Smith of
San Francisco, a guest at the Glenwood,
rescued a child from drowning in the pool
at La-Elllotta yesterday. The child was
six or seven j years of age, and had gone
beyond its depth. Mr.- Smith plunged- In
without • stopping to remove any of his
clothing and brought the little .one out,
half dead. ;The child will. recover..
Saves a Child's I/if e.
Grasshoppers; Raid Orchards.' .
BEDDING, July 26.— The grasshopper
has assumed the proportions of- a pest in
several - sections of "Northern ; California.
Along Trinity River, In Trinity County,
insects raided the meadows and hay fields
and all' but ruined the crops. They also
attacked the orchards.'. They have ap
peared in Churn Creek bottom, where
they attacked orchards . ' and, after de
stroying the foliage upon the trees, de
voured: the fruit. Green peaches were
eaten to the pits.
LOS ANGELES. July 26.— "If Thomas Flint
should finally decide to become an. active, aspi
rant for the Gubernatorial no^f 11^^.^".,
in my opinion, land the prize in next years
State convention. ¦ I •base this statement upon
what I know of existing conditions, which, K
they change at all in the immediate future,
wnfehangi to make that which is now a prob-
ien^-Bobert/N. Bull^
latter here Tuesday afternoon from several un
eX "Oray To-day 3 ,'" remarked Senator ¦ Bulla,
"throe different men. all of them of standing
in this community came into my office and
Penally Xred us all the aid in their power.
"This matter is with me simply one'Of prin
ciple/' a^ded Senator. Bulla/;. "The Republican
party of California must be freed of the .boss
clement which now controls' it. A beginning
was -made in that direction when Thomas
P. Bard was elected United States Senator,
and the victory then obtained must not now be
gl "lenator Flint will next year have a thor
ough-organization in ev«ry.part of . the_ State.
He and his friends realize -that they, have a
hard struggle ahead of them, and that the. Re
publican State organization a* at present con
stituted is opposed to their plans. ¦ They_ say,
however that they will fight fire with fire, and
"hoy have no doubt that they will be success
ful first in the primaries and later in. the
county and State conventions. .
Senator Flint left yesterday afternoon for the
north well satisfied, he declared before his de
parture, with the local conditions as they exist
*\t may'™/ authoritatively. etatrd that Senator
Flint visited Los Angeles for the purpose of
shying his castor into the ring as against Henry,
T Gage and that he is thoroughly satisfied
with local conditions as they exist at present.
Tn the meantime it is being slylv insinuated
in Fome quarters that Henry T. Gage : has up
to this time never really announced. his second
candidacy, and it is even inttma ted thaT the
Governor mav. after he has satisfied himself
that the conditions would not.be favorable tor
such a ftep. decide not to try fmc a second term.
The -Flint leaders were saying to : day that
Bulla is' one 'of 'the first to -speak.v The
following dispatch defines his position.. ;
Senator Ban) was perfectly frank in, stating
his position, stud the issue, which has thus been
precipitated, adds one more chapter to the in
tricate situation to be unraveled next year in
KELLY, Gage and bosses of small
er caliber begin to wish that they
had not interfered in the San
Francisco municipal contest. The
interference, which was designed
to save the Kelly-Crimmins. forces from
utter defeat at the hands of the Republi
can Primary League, promises to bring
on a general engagement in California
between the clean Republicans on one side
and the boss-tainted elements of the par
ty on the other. The battle Is extending
to interior and southern counties. Recent
events in the city convince leading Re
publicans who reside " elsewhere in ! the
State that the Kelly-Gage alliance was
created to do politics in the Senatorial
and Gubernatorial campaign of 1902. It is
rendered clear to the outside spectators
that the bosses are rallying in San Fran
cisco to gain possession ot the municipal
offices in order to use the patronage to
fasten boss rule on the State.
SENATOR BARD SPEAKS OUT.
Indorses Thomas Flint Jr. for Gover
nor — Favors Removal of -Lynch. --
The unwarranted and indecent intrusion
of the Republican State Committee in
local affairs practically opens the anti
boss State campaign. Senator Bard'«
manly attitude, as shown in the following
dispatch, is sure to be commended by
cood citizen*:
LOS ANGELES, July 26.— The issue between
T'nlted States Senators George C. Perkins and
Thomas R. Bard has been made, and it is
clear cut- and thoroughly understood by both.
The Junior Senator desires the removal of John
C Lynch, and the senior Senator, while he may
ultimately be brought around to the same way
of thinking. Is at present temporizing. In the
hope, apparently, that conditions may after a
time so change that both gentlemen may come
to his way of thinking.
Iroquois Club Discusses Trusts.
.The Iroquois Club last evening discuss
ed "Whether Government Ownership of
Public Utilities Would Remedy 'the Evils
of Trusts." ' This was argued pro and
con with vigor- . William M. j Cubery, who
opened for the affirmative, spoke of the
decision of Judge Slbss. He said. that 'he
was net taking any exception to the de
cision, but he thought that * there was
manifest impropriety in the' son of a mil
lionaire Hitting to decide a controversy
between the Interests of corporations and
the interests of labor. -
Leading representatives of .the Republi
can party— men of sound judgment and
high character— are signifying a readiness
to engage in the contest which the allied
bosses precipitated. Ex-Senator " R. N.
Now at Issue.
EX-SENATOR BULLA ; SPEAKS.
Defines. His Position in tie. Matters
"Senator Flint advises me that. he .will prob
ably enter the race, - and he. seems . pleased at
the assurances of friendship and support given
him during- "his recent visit to ' Los' Angeles.."
-"Senator Flint called on me 'yesterday, and -I
would be wanting in' gratitude if I did not al
low you to say for publication, that- my best
wlsl-es are with him in his efforts' to secure the
Republican nomination for.Governor. I do not,
however," desire to precipitate any .controversy
upon this subject, as in my oplnion.it is not
the province of a United States Senator to min
gle'offensively In such matters. -As- a Republi
can, however, who is anxious that his party
shall make no serious mistake, I can say that I
am thoroughly convinced 'that in , the nomina
tion of Senator Flint the party will not have
made a mistake, as he is clean. . able and In
every .way. fitted for the position. ... .
• "I have personally investigated all of those
things," said the Senator, "and while Mr.
Lynch" Is now and for years has been active in
politics, hls^ methods, have been different from
those : pursued . by Mr. Kelly, and from what . I
know the' latter I have no hesitancy in in
dorsing Mr. Kelly to the Vrsiaent."
"Senator Perkins wants to. delay- the change
in the Internal Revenue., Collectprship,".- added
the Senator, "but I am In favor of deciding the
matter at once, in order that the' issue may not
become involved in next year's State campaign.
I shall aim. If it be possible, .not to interfere
actively in' the coming campaign."/ Continuing,
he eaid: ' ' . ' j "• - •. '. .
the Republican primaries throughout the. State,
for In the event that Stephen Kelly is landed
high and dry, - the battle for Thomas Flint . Jr.
of San Benito. who desires to be the party" s
gubernatorial candidate next year, will -be con
sidered by his Los Angeles supporters as more
than half won; Should John C. Lynch, how
ever, remain where he is, Henry T. Gage will.
It is conceded by his opponents, hav«: gained a
point. Senator Bard said to-day:
"I have in the past usually been in accord
with Senator Perkins upon matters affecting
public nollcy. but In the present instance I do
not agree with Senator Perkins' Ideas that there
should be no changes of Federal officials in the
State at this time. ' ' • •
"Believing, as I do, that for good and suffi
cient reasons there should be at least one
change.' I shall recommend to President McKln
ley the removal of John C. Lynch . as Collector
of Internal Revenue, and, the appointment In
his place of Stephen Kelly of San Bernardino. 1 '
Senator Bard's attention was- called to the
published statement that while John C. Lynch
is an active politician the same ' charge has
been made against Stephen Kelly. %. .
SENATOR THOMAS R. BARD FAVORS IMMEDIATE REMOVAL OF JOHN C. LYNGH,
COLLECTOR OF REVENUE, AND HIGHLY COMMENDS THOMAS FLINT FOR GOVERNOR
. ,- . - - .- - • - ¦- , .-.. ..--.. ------ . - . ¦ . > ¦ .... . - ¦ -
THE SAT5T : FRAJSTCISCO CAX.Ij, SAT UKDAY; JULY ; 27, 19O1.
12
RIBBON ; v"Pji| 1 lif r C|'- R!^ BOfN
inches wide—sold else- E& "^^ mffl KJnZr m H^L inches wide— sold else-
where 33c yd.. lOr* ' A^-*^ Rf*ia MVk @>ilkjH 20c yd. JA C
Our price It?C fe)L> >i BfaJP H PSttff Our price...... i\J^
¦1C • •. ¦ *Br ¦ .. .; .. ' . "T ........
T!i IS WILL BE A DAY OF
WGNDERFIJL VALUES^
.'¦¦¦•,¦•¦¦¦•¦' ¦."¦'V ••' .*'."-'-•.¦¦ ¦ '¦ • k - '^ ;"•• _ ' ' ¦¦-¦..- • ¦^-.-'
W WOMEN'S WRAPPERS. A HINT ABUT CORSETS.
Made with deet) Flounce, Bretelles over ,' If you haven't got a STRAIGHT FRONT
.•shoulders trimmed with braid, lined vo. MILITARY. CORSET, Steel Clasps, light
waist- come In light or dark colors— all -., ; or medium weight, the sooner you ' get
sizes— rood SI 00 value.. On CA/» one the more . comfortable you'll, feel.
• sale ' ••¦- «^"C We're selling our $1.50 quality to-day In
FANCY- WOTTr' WRAPPERS, attractive^' -all the standard makes at Q^q
~:ly trimmed— made very pret-.ffir | OK
¦ tr.y. Reg. price 12.25. On sale «?¦•-«.« # WHiTE PipUETAPES.
-_„:..,___ - If the baby needs'. a CAPE, here's your
CHILDREN'S HATS AND BONNETS. chance. We've taken all our -$3.00. and
.„ ', , • ' ' , .«„„., E tvlP, of J3.5O values-effectively trimmed, with,
¦ We'.ve taken all this season a styles i of wide -Embroideries and Insertions-made
.Children's Headwear reduced these . x^th double capes . and deep rolling col-
just ONE-HALF ..IN .PRICfc.,.. . lar— and placed , them on sale: fi?Q QA
This means— $1.00 Hats or Bonnets at »»Oc at ..: ..: , - <J>^«^VF
„ $1.50 Hats or Bonnets at^iSe . .' ,• ... , ; - ,' . ,' .
• -'¦ i '.$2.00 Hats or Bonnets at?l.OO Herj*3 What WeVs Doinft to
And so on up the line. WOMEN'S WAISTS TO-DAY.
>' -~ „ . ' OO/-. For our $1.50 and $2.00 WHITE
- . Coo J News to Buyer* of. UOt-, INDIA LINEN WAISTS— front of
WnMrM"t kNIT II1MDFRWEAR. HC-* all over Arabian Lacer-back and sleeves
,YVUIVR!\i O hl\ll UI>IUCnTYi-«n» «« . tucked and hemstitched. ... -
SIERY AND CORSETS. 1 .- v : ''mercerized black sateen waists.
: «^v ' 1 -cr n - *„,.' ?r;/, nnniitv WOMEN'S '.entire '¦front and ¦ back - tucked — lined
19C HEAV U Y WeTgHT^LONG*: throughout-well, worth •.. $1:25. . r J Q ,
SLEEVE VESTS In Gray and Ecru. . . ¦ .; Sale price v _* ~* w
c« rn csttv ANT) LISLE A chance to-day to buy a pood $o.00 best
98C^ONr%IFEVE VESTS^in co? ' .Quality TAFFETA* SILK WAIST, entire
nV^nf pi?? ni^P Black and White ' front, back and sleeves , trimmed with
ors of PJnk, Blue. Black and wnite. 'fine tucks, all colors, includ- (Q AS
. . '-¦', : . ' .. ;."¦• - ., - '. Ing. black. Sale prlC3 ;.;- €jJO«Tr*»
CHILDREN'S SCHOOL HOSE. ? nii» MIKI im wfar saif
Full Finish Fast Black-Double Knee. Heel "OUR .MUSLIN WEAR SALL
and Toe— come In fine or heavy ribbed—' If you go elsewhere and buy WOMEN'S
only about 35 dozen to sell— sizes 5 to 9V4— , NIGHT GOWNS you pay 75c to 85c^ for
our 20c quality. On sale to- (Ol/> the same quality we're selling A Gr*
.day; Pair. _.¦ »*2v • at .. ...... ......... ..'..:. :....... ~t<J**.
1 Ol A ' For our i 20c Quality Women's ¦ Why? Because we're manufacturers.
1 Z ' C ; Fast Black Full Finish . Hose- ' We' re holding a SPECIAL MUSLIN WEAR
Double Heel and Toe. . . .- J • SALE for a few -days. • ? - - -
. .OPEN TO-NIGHT UN riL II O'CLOCK- .
1212^214 MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN TAYU)R AND JONES. \ . ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PQiSP^^^' lBS| 'tBrTT BfifiH fPBWJRuSa
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
GRANULATED Best Cane SUGAR, 19 lbs $1
Extra' Dry Spreckels' Refining.
TOMATOES, Solid pack, 4 cans 25c
Extra Quality. Reg. 10c can.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. -35c
Good butter 13 a delicacy and can only
be obtained at big prices. We give the
best and ask the least. Res- 43c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen 221c
• Gathered Dally. Regr. 27%c.
MOGHA and JAVA, oar best coffee, Ib. .25c
We again give our friends a chance to
get the Best Coffee In the City. Reg. 33c. ;
PORT, SHERRY, ANGELICA, qtbot.... 25c
8-Year-Old Wine — Extra Special. Reg. 40c.
ROYAL BAKING. POWDER, Mb can.... 40c
Reg. 43c.
NEW SEASON TEAS, 6 kinds 40c
Reg. 60c and 75c Ib.
I. W. HARPER'S WHISKY, gal — $2.50
Extra Special. Ree. J4. Limit 1 gal.
KIPPERED HERRING, large can 20c
Imported from Scotland. Reg. 25c.
BRQMAN6EL0N, dessert jelly, pkg....'lOc
Limit 6 pkgs. Beg. 15c.
STRYKER'S KITCHEN SOAP, 7 cakes. .25c
Best Sand Soap. Reg. 5c cake.
TAPIOCA. Pearl or flaked SA60, 5 lbs 25c
Reg. 3 lbs 23c.
GHIRARDJLLI'S COCOA, Hb can 20c
PER R FEGfiLEACHlNG SOAP, 15 cakes, 50c
Special Request. Reg. 12 for 50c.
AMERICAN GOLD WHISKY, full quart $1.00
.'Pure Old Rye. Reg. $150. ¦- .*
Ghferdelli's Ground Chocolate, Mb can 25c
i 30c.
FAIRBANKS GOLD DUST, 3-lb pkg. ... 15c
Reg.- 20c.
Imported Holland Gin, < In stone lug. .$1.25
Pure. Medicinal Use. ' Large Jug. Limit 1.
Reg. $1 65. . _; •
Our Country Custamcrs
.• Can takje advantage of these ''special" sales.
- We ship free of charge within 100 miles, on
all 'orders exceeding $3. Ask for monthly
price list— free. ;_
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. ¦ No Branch Stores.
[LOWEST PRICES
EVER MADE
WALL PAPER.
FIGURED paper....... Se per roll
GILT " : 5e
EMBOSSED " .....10c r*«
Q. W. CLARK & GO.
653 Market Street.
TRUTH TO^Si*
About ycur ey«. You
may not fee aware that your
eyes need the services cf the
optician, for s:riou> cyz
troub'es often exist a longf
1 time btlott it is r:a 1 ized.
Our str vie ;s will be of in-
ca'culafefe va'a: to you, be- '
cause vfz can fit glasses to
your eyes that will ht of
1 astin o; ben t f it. K ; .
fl5TAKi)ABpOPTpL€a
\ 2 17 Keamey:5t,~ .San Fror\dicc ,