W.. WASHINGTON. March 29.—Aguin
aldo will be employed by General MacAr
thur.as a means for bringing: about the
surrender of all insurgents in the Philip
pines. No determination regarding the
disposition to be made of the Filipino
dent Schurman that he be appointed Gov
ernor of a province. It seems to be the
general impression that after Aguinaldo's
influence with the natives has been ex
hausted he will be sent to Guam.
Although the War Department mlnl-
Used to Bring About a General
Surrender. '
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
Captured Leader, However, Will Be
TO HOLD FAST
TO AGUINALDO
that he will receive an appointment as
brlgradler general in the regular army.
The first execution in Manila under
American rule tookpla.ee to-day at Fort
Malate, where five natives were' hanged
for the murder of Archibald Wilson, art
Englishman, superintendent of'the water
works. The motive for the murder was
robbery.
Twelve thousand Filiolnos have taken
the 'oath of allegiance to the United States
at San Vicente; South llocos province.
AGUINALDO'S AGENT IN EUROPE. NOTED . VOLUNTEER OFFICERS WHO FOUGHT "WITH GENERAL FUNS
TON IN THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS AND THE ARMY. TRANSPORT UPON WHICH THEY RETURNED FROM
THE SCENE OF WAR IN THE ORIENT. • t :
"Funston is entitled to rec
ognition. The fact that he was
not a graduate; of West Point
should not be in his disfavor.
it; is that a West Point
education , is invaluable to an
officer, but the lack of one
should not deter him from ris
ing.; ; Neither Major General
Miles, Brooks, Shaf ter, Mac-
Arthur, . ChafPee nor myself
are". West Pointers." •
"General. Tunston's exploit
was one of remarkable brav
ery, and he is deserving of the
highest recognition at the
hands of our Government. This
talk about West Point influ
ence is all bosh. If any such
statements have been made
that graduates of "West Point
or men who have risen from
the ranks wiir oppose Funs
ton's'advancement it has come
from. the lips of disappointed
officers. No good officer or
gentleman would belittle such
a brave achievement. I only
met General Funston once, hut
I found him a perfect gentle
man.'.'¦¦ I believe I was intro
duced to him one day at Mac-
Arthur's headquarters. .. From
what I heard of him' I am of
the opinion that he is a brave
and capable man.
ISIajor ' General S. B. M.
Young, who arrived from Ma
nila yesterday, is enthusiastic
in praise of General Funston's
deed. In an interview he said:
MAJOR GENERAL
YOUNG EXTOLS
FUNSTON'S DEED
mizes the effect Aguinaldo's capture will
exert upon the rebellion, other members
of the Cabinet than the Secretary of War
expect good results from it. General Mac-
Arthur; cabled this : mornlns that General
Kobbe reports. the: Burrender; of nine of
ficers - 160. menf: 187 rifles and; eighty shot-
Bruns of Caplstrano's command, which, he
Continued -; on 1 Pa g^e Two.
Duel Between Deputies.
BUDAPEST, March ».— In a duel, re
sultlne from a debate in Parliament, be
tween Deputies ' GloernTy and Rakovsky
tfte former was wounded in the thumb. •
IIARRISBURG. Pa.. March 29— The
lower house of the State legislature to
rtay adopted a resolution requesting the
President of the United States "to reward
'funeral Funston In a manner that will
fully reeosnJx* his Rrrrat and meritorious,
service" la capturlnjj Aguinaldo.
¦R»ro*y. JJ»nIla: Inform MacArthur hlRhly
epr'reT.&te bis and Funston'a ccnerouv praise
r.avy and cuncratul&ie them heartily.
LO.VG.
Legislators Favor Funston.
"WASHINGTON. March 29.-T1ie follow
ing CAblf-pram was received at the Navy
Department this morning from Admiral
Rrmf;-:
CAVTTE. Uarrh W.— TJurrau of Navigation.
Vtfhln'jjtnn: MacArthur telerrapht: '"Thanks
tr> «i))enai<l co-operation of Vlckuburc. I have
AkuImJIo «curc!y fn my porw«slon a t Ma!a
rar.Rn. OrneraJ Tunston loud in praine o f
#ventfc!hK navy did. Kntire arniy Joina hi
<rm:.i.s- to yourself, officers and men."
/// HEMET.
F/cretary Long replied to the admiral as
follow*:
PKAISE TOR THE NAVY.
Amy Officers Give Due Credit for
Co-operation in Capture.
CAiiiL.BUBEATJ, 1406 O STREET N. W., "WASHINGTON,
March 29.— This is the cost of the Philippines to the United States
in American' lives and money: Expenditures on account : of . mili
tary and ,'naval operations in th a islands, $173,550,000 ; paid to
Spain under^the treaty of Paris, $20,000,000 ;. paid . to Spain « for
Cagayan and Sibutu, $100,000; Philippines commissioners and mis
cellaneous, $5OO,OOO; interest on war loan since June 3O, 1899,
$8,423,000; total cost in money, $202,573,000; army officers kill
ed or died from wounds, 54; privates killed or died from wounds,
836;'- navy officers killed or died from wounds, 2;. enlisted men killed
or died from wounds, 16; deaths from disease: Officers, 48; enlisted
men, 2072; total cost in lives, 3028. . . • ;
COST OF THE PHILIPPINES
IN LIVES AND TREASURE
; Army officers. who understand;Aguln
aldo's character expect, that helwlilitry to
make terms ; with \ the United .' States, ob
taining'concessions in return for his'ad
vlce. to the Filipinos to ¦ jay down s their
arms; -i Members of the . expressed
the opinion- that t Afeulnaldo"sv treacherous
conduct ! ln";theTpast ; In dealing with • Spain
n.nd ¦ tho'jUnlted' States makes ;lt;deslrable
that t he 3 should f be ' sharply * watched,- : -<;'and
lt'.waSjthe 'reference- to his treachery: that
rather dampened • the ' suggestion- of - Presi-
, Although 4 President,' Schurman ' of the
first Philippine j Commission advises the
appointment \of Aguinaldo to a-governor
ship of one of the provinces." the sugges
tion will not bc'adopted' until the.authort
tles are' convinced of Agulnaldo's loyalty,
and this can only be tested .by time. Avhen
the Taft Commission returns to Manila its
members wlil i.dlscuss '. with Aguinaldo
measures that should be " adopted for''end
ing the , revolt', and : making American ¦¦ sov
creignty"agreeable to;the-Fillpinos. •' '.
leader was reached to-day by the admin
istration,- and ¦ no action will be taken un
til the views 'of {General ;MacArthur- and
tho Taft' Commission are known."; In '¦ his
dispatch ' yesterday .to ' the ? Secretary - of
War, General MacArthur announced that
conferences were In progress with Aguin
aldo. and » that .the latter ' would Issue an
address advising the acceptance of Amer
ican sovereignty. V ; ' ..
Many people visited the residence of
General and Mrs. .Funston on the Callo
Real In the suburb of Ermita. The;gen
eral modestly declined to talk. Mrs. Fun
ston was evidently the happiest woman! tni
the Philippine Islands. .General Furiston :
has been ; recommended . for : the 1. h'ghest
practicable reward.' It is believed . hera
The capture of Aguinnldo, following the
surrender of General Trias, will probably
occasion the surrender of the insurgent
leader Malavar in IJatdngas province, Lu
zon; Bcllarmino In Albay province. Luzon,
ar.d Lucban in the island of Samar. with
in a month.
Since Aguinaldo has been domiciled at
tho Maiacanan palace persons not pro
vided v.ith special permits have been de
nied admission to the grounds. General
Trias, the commander of the Insurgent
forces In Southern Luzon, who recently
surrendered to the American authorities.
visited Aguinaldo and told the latter why
he surrendered. Trias said that a con
tinuance of armed opposition to the
United States was unjustifiable and ruin
ous; that the Independence of the Philip
pines was Impossible, and that the Fili
pinos would better accept liberty, pros
perity and progress under American rule.
AgulnaJdo is now detained in a com
fortable room In awing of the Maiacanan
palace. He- is in charge of Captain Ben
jamin H. Randolph and Lieutenant Gil
bert A. Youngberg of Battery G. Third
Artillery. A^ulnaJdo takes his capture
philosophically. He is generally cheerful,
but sometimes moody. His health during
the past year has been very good. It Is
uncertain what attitude he will now as
sume. Certain visitors are permitted to
sec Apulnaldo. but newspaper Interviews
with the prisoner are not allowed.
bebe scouts who took part in the capture
of AcuinaJdo will probably receive a mon
etary reward. The amount has not been
specified. It has also been recommended
that every man participating In the cap
ture of Aguinaldo receive a special medal.
The former insurgent officers and Macca-
answered that he must surrender uncon
ditionally and stand trial.
Calls Down a Prince for Interfering
With Police Orders.
LONDON. March 2D.— A dispatch from
et. Petcrsburs says the Czar lias admlnis
t*jr«d a severe reprlmnnd to Prince Viazm-
Fkl. a number of the Council of th^ Em
pire, for having Interfered with the orders
of tho police on the occasion of the recent
riofs.
CZAR DELIVERS REPRIMAND.
NETl- TORK. March t3.— Prince Peter
Krapotkin. one of the. most prominent of
Hustian. nihilists, arrived her* from Bos
ton to-night and engaged rooms At the
Oercrd Hotel. The Prince. In speaking
of the nihilist movement, said that in-
Ktend of consisting of a few group* of
Ktudent agitators and martyr*. It now had
the tupport of all classes, and what was of
thw utmust Importance, the masses. When
risked whether he thought the Czar would
L>«» tLFsassSnated, the Prince said:
"Oh, that's all nonsense. The death- of
the Czar Is not necessar>- for the success
«jf t!ie nihilist movement. What the peo
r!e of Russia are mc^t worked up about
Is the brutal Indifference and disregard of
personal liberty with which the Russian
t-tuder.ts 8 re being treated."
"Do you bc!!eve In violence as one of the
methods for success of ihc nihilist move
jurr.i?" the Prince »-a? askrd.
¦¦viclrrte is U5»"d In all revolutionary
movements apalrpt despotism," calmly
answe-red The Prince.
"f doti't belief^. »vm-n-»—. that the Czar
mni be blown up," he added.
Prinze Krapotkin i!as been lecturing on
"Russian I-itpraturo" Ui UoPton and will
<]' j Ii\-fr two lectures hero on "Turgucneff
nnrt Tolstoy" before the Leamie of Pollti
<;il Education and v.^11 lecture Sunday at
tfu>. Grand Crntral Palace on "Anarchism
and Its Philosophy."
TOLSTOI PETTTIOXS CZAR
w oaJd Open Ruler's Eyes to Cruelties
Perpetrated in His Name.
NEW YORK. March 29— A Journal spe
cial from iJHr.deri -i~.«: VTith * petition
¦ f Doukoblwr worr.en brjrjrlnp to he at
<"«* > **- i *'»--3d?n 'TTSS?f""nw*wrhtfV fir~*?ana^a'
Tolstoi has written a. letter to the Czar
*fiyinjr:
"Ter.s cf hun3rcds of Russia's b*st chil
dren Ft!ff<T trial* ax hcaw and cren
Isearter unfier th«* pr<*««*nt rr Itcioys p»«r><»
•¦utlon—that Inconceivable madr.os? which
«prp«c"s wider and w1<*er over Russia.— but
which enrehter:e<l mnj-. artd the Oovcrn
tnant hav« It;: rrrno lc r«c.ir<1 as f-itilo
::r.A t;tup!d Injusrl'-p. ] hax-r lone frit It
to be my necend dutv to endravor before
T die" to or>r.r. your ey** tn the t«ens*!ess
and horrible cruelties prrpftnit'vi In your
name. I>p*&j all lawn rnjotn'r.j? rellclom
p* rsecut 1 on .**
Th« Dnuiccbhar* nre a Russian re
!!tfo*j« snet n»s«»mb:ir.^ ih#> QuaXem. One
of the principal art!-l<»3 of th*ir faJih Is
that nil war t« wrore a::d therefore they
havo consist er.tly r**fuserl to serve in the
r-rmy. Th« Cmt JssueJ an edict that any
rr.nn who Tr^rjld not Join the army hjtd the
n!t#>rna,tiv# of leavir.fr the country and
tr.»ny thmntands of Dnukohhars hnv«
frr.'.KmeA and mest jf them have settle
In Canada
STJICIDE OF STUDENTS.
Crashing of Political Hope Causes
Them to Take Their Own Lives.
FT. PKTEnSBUIlG; Thursday. March
V s , — Th* forty-on» students who rrerr ar
rostert a rertnlffht a*rn for rartlclpatinjr In
n stu(5er.t matins were released yester
day. They ?P«t one wwsk m solitary con
flnenient. T*nd«»r thw law mo prisoner*
ta-ken Into custodv r<*emtly on account of
piflrlcaJ demonstrations must be released
within a month unlcs* thftlr prevention
has begun legally before the expiration of
that time,
Several students have committed suicide
tiid Jt Is rumored that they <51d so b«
rause of the crushing of their political
nANlLA. March 29.— Incidents
connected with the arrival or
AgulnaJdo on . the. - gunboat
Vidssbnrg as "the prisoner of
General Funston are now being given out
In detail- On arriving Thursday morning
the VJcksburg stopped eight miles out. In
response tn a signal exchanged with Cor
regidor Island a launch appeared from the
chore and Aguinaldo was quietly transfer
red to the launch which steamed up the
Paflc River to the wharf at the back of
the MaJacanan palace, where the prisoner
disembarked almost unnoticed. Some
hours elapsed before the news of Agul
naldo'e capture was generally known. The
fact that he was a prisoner caused Joy
and congratulation among the Americans.
The native population was apathetic.
There was no particular excitement any
where.
After being convinced of Agulnaldo's
capture. General Geronlmo. the Insurgent
leader in the province of Morong. Luzon,
surrendered with six officers, forty-six
men and; slxtv rifles to Colonel • J. M.
Thompson of the Forty-second Regiment
at San Mateo. As the news of Agulnaldo's
capture spreads through the archipelago
the Insurgents are becoming disheartened
and there is a marked increase In the
number of individual surrenders.
General Caillcs. who is particularly out
lawed on account of his' atrocious crimes,
sent an emissary "to General "Bates, who
Bpee!*3 Wfjseteh to Tfc» Call.
People ol Russia Enraged
by Brutal Disregard ol
Personal Liberty.
Czar's Death Is Not
Necessary, Says
Krapotkin.
NIHILISTS
UPHELD BY
THE MASSES
It Is not believed that the Indisposition
of Yans Yu. the Chinese Minister at St.
Petersburg, will prevent him from going
to the Foreign Office when invited to
do so. '-¦•-•¦-'-•:
Manchurian Convention Not to Be
Approved TJntil Next "Week.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 29.— It Via
probable that the Russo-Chlnese Man
churian treaty will not be signed before
Monday or, Tuesday at the earliest. The
delay Is due to the dllatorlness of thejChi
nese Government or to the natural diffi
culties of communication between the
Chinese at Peking and St. Petersburg.
TREATY SIGNING DELAYED.
Thc3o movements, with the activity at
the arsenals. Is taken to point to • the
adoption of a strong policy by Japan.
T0KI0, March 23.— The newspapers
here say it Is proposed to relieve the Jap
anese troops In the Chinese province of
Pechlll by a force 50 per cent stronger.
Although May Is the usual month In
which the . relief of the force at Seoul
takes place, the relief of the troops there
will take place immediately. Three offi
cers of the headquarters staff will also
proceed to Korea. . . .
Troops and at Arsenals.
Significant Activity in Moving
STRONG POLICY BY JAPAN.
The work of leveling the wall Is causing
much dissatisfaction among the Chinese
and there have been many incendiary pla
cards found posted on the walls at Tien
tsin threatening vengeance on the Chines
workmen engaged In It.
VICTORIA. B.* C. March 29.— The work
of leveling the ancient native wall which
encircles Tientsin has been productive of
the discovery of an ancient Chinese tab
let, according to the Peking and Tientsin
Times, copies of which were brought b~y
the steamer Tacoma. , The tablet Is of
date of several thousand years back, ac
cording to the Chinese who found it bur
led In the wall,, but its purport Is un
known, for the characters were- too worn
to be deciphered.
Discovery Made While Tearing
Down Tientsin Walls.
England Resists Russian Claims to
•.. -.-^Certain rlsiaadsrrf.--^ -
VICTORIA. B. C.. -March ».-News was
received by the steamship Tacoma from
the Orient that friction has arisen be
tween the naval authorities of the British
and Russians In the North China waters
over the capture of pirates by the British
gunboat Plover during a recent cruias
through the' Gulf of Pechlll. The Plover
went to Elliott and Blonde Islands to dis
lodge pirates and a number of those taken
were executed at Weihalwei. Rus3ia ha*
laid claim to the islands which are In tho
Gulf of PechiH and Russian Admiral Alex
leff has sent a protest against the action
of the Plover to Admiral Seymour, com
manding the British fleet.
The British admiral has.' In acknowledg
ing the receipt of the protest, .told the
Russian officer that he could not admtt
Russia's claim to those Islands, which
are eastward of the Liaotung Peninsula,
and that he would resist any attempt
made to stay British Interests there.
ANCIENT TABLET IS FOUND.
NEW SOURCE OF FRICTION.
May Take the Place of the Abolished
fTsung- Li Yamen.
SHANGHAI. March 3O.-It Is asserted
here that LJ Hung Chang will be the fu
ture Foreign Minister of China, replacing
the abolished Tsung.Li Tamen. and that
Uu Kun Yi. the Nankin Viceroy, will suc
ceed him as Viceroy of Chili.
LI TO BE FOREIGN MINISTER.
Count Cassinl holds that the convention
¦with China should more properly be called
a modus vlvendl and will terminate as
soon as peace and order are restored.
Russia's railroad Interest and the protec
tion of her frontier necessitate arrange
ments with China which will prevent a
recurrence of such outrages as occurred
last summer, when Russian territory was
invaded by Chinese troops.
Lord Lansdowne's statement attracted
close attention. It is evident from what
he said that the powers are united In ob
jecting to any treaty between Russia and
China by which the former will secure
control of Manchuria. Japan will un
doubtedly strongly object to any agree
ment whatever being signed by China
which gives Russia any preferential rights
whatever !n Manchuria.
CALL BUREAU. 7406 G STREET. N'.
W.. WASHINGTON*. March 23— Despite
the rejection by China of the Manchurian
treaty, the authorities understand that
Russia Is continuing her efforts to Induce
the Chinese Emperor to authorize its sig
nature.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Powers Appear to Be United
in Opposition to tne
Treaty. ,
Czar Uses Pressure
to Secure Coveted
Manchuria.
RUSSIA STILL
HOPES TO GET
CHINA TO SIGN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
OLITME LXXXIX— NO. 120.
SAN FBANCISCO, SATURDAY^ pAECSH . 30, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Terms May Soon Be Arranged With Aguinaldo by Which the Cap
tured Leader Will Be Employed in Inducing the Insurrectionary
Forces oii the Islands to Agree to a Qeheral Surrender.
FILIPINO CHIEFS READY TO SUBMIT
TO THE SUPREMACY OF UNCLE SAM
AND GIVE UP THEIR HOPELESS STRUGGLEadjourned to May 10. It was rep
resented that Mr. Zimmerman, the Duke's
father-in-law, had just arrived in England
and was investigating the debtor's affairs
and that, therefore, it would bo for the
benefit of the creditors to adjourn their
case until the investigation was com
pleted. This is taken as an Intimation
that Mr. Zimmerman proposes to extri
cate his son-in-law from his embarrass
ments.
LONDON, . March 29.— The Duko of r
Manchester appeared In the bank
ruptcy court to-day for public ex- •
aminatlon, but the case was again
FINANCIALLY EMBARRASSED NO
BLE AND HIS "WIFE'S FATHER,
WHO COMES TO HIS RESCUE.
Senator Burton and Representatives
Long and Curtis saw the President after
4 o'clock, when the rush of work had
ceased. The President listened attentive
ly to what the delegation bad. to say and
WASHINGTON, March 29.-The Kansas
Congressional delegation . has decided to
urge the President to appoint General
Funston a brigadier general- in the regular
army as a reward for his darln? capture
of Aguinaldo. This afternoon Senator
Burton and Representatives Lone and
Curtis, the only members of the delegation
in the -city, will call upon the President
for that purpose. Tho members of tho
Kansas delegation do not consider that a
brigadier generalship will be too groat a
reward for General Funston's exploit and
point to General MacAithur's recommen
dation that he be appointed to that grado
as a reward for the great service he lias
rendered to the Government. - They are
exceedingly warm in their praise of Gen
t-rnment. They are exceedingly warm in
their praise of General MacArthur for
giving the entire credit of the. expedition
to Funston. .
of Funston.
Kansas Congressmen Urge Promotion
FBESSTJBE ON THE PRESIDENT.
THE .HAGUE, ;; March 29.— Lieutenant
General .Kool has been appointed Minister
of ./War, in succession to Lieutenant Gen
eral ¦ Eland," whose . resignation was an
nounced March. 1 16 in consequence of an
antagonistic vote, in; the; Chamber. :;
Holland's: New War minister.
NASHVILLE. March ' 29.— Charles F.
Patrick, one of the most widely known
sporting men ip the South and West, died
here '•¦ last night. Mr. '- Patrick - was ;' step
father of William A.' Brady, whose minis
trations tovthe deceased during his illness
proved the largeness of heart of the pugi
listic and theatrical promoter. -
- Mr. Patrick moved to the Pacific Coast
from the South In his boyhood, but in re
cent years made his home in Chicago and
other Western cities. His father was
prominent in politics In California and tho
dead man was'only.one of a largre,famiiy
to turn his attention to sporting matters.
William Brady, Fight Promoter,
Passes Away at Nashville.
Charles F. Patrick, Stepfather of
NOTED SPORTING MAN; .
' , DIES EN" TENNESSEE
MELBOURNE, March 80.— Although the
returns In the Federal elections are still
incomplete, a strong protectionist major
ity is assured;
WASHINGTON, March 29.— The Presi
dent has appointed Robert ' Mansfield of
Indiana Consul at Valparaiso, Chile. The
appointee was formerly a private secre
tary of Senator Beveridge.
Melbourne Protectionists "Win.
New Consul at Valparaiso.
NEW YORK, March 29.— A seat on the
New York Stock Exchange was sold to
day for $35,000. which is $300 more than
the highest price heretofore paid.
Big Price for Exchang-e Seat.
ship Tacoma,- from the". Orient, brings
news of : the - arrest ~ at Hongkong of an
American named 'John Lee, who has been
obtaining goods and; money by false pre
tenses at Hongkong while masquerading
as i'C.E.' Morgan, surgeon of the U. S. S.
Brooklyn.", * He :• went - about : attired in a
naval .uniform and was bound to Manila
when arrested. '-. ;.,:-- •> v :
American Arrested in Hongkong.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 29.— The steam-
here of a beer. war by, reason of the entry
of *ttre product of the Fresno Brewing
Company in competition In the valley.
The war is welcomed by the brewery syn
dicate in San Francisco and Los Angeles,
whose' receipts; in 'the valley have been
sensibly diminished by: the local product.
It Is freely rumored that $300,000 has been
offered and refused for the new brewery
here. mBEBB8MBB06SBB9Hf
Cheaper Beer in Prospect.
FRESNO, 1 , March 20.— There are rumors
Seattle Physician's Tal« of a Mid
night Encounter and His Glo
rious Victory.
SEATTLE. March 29.— A highwayman
held up Dr. H. T. Turner at the corner of
Aloha and West Lake avenues to-ni^h:
with a revolver which looked as big as a
cannon. Not to bo outdone Dr. Turner
blew a mouthful of tobacco Juice into the
highwayman's eyes. While the robber
was shrieking with pain his intended vic
tim quietly went into hla house. Thus de
clares the doctor, whose story, follows:
"I had gone but a few feet from the cor
ner," said the doctor, "when my eye was
attracted 1 by a shadow . on the walk,
caused by a light directly, behind' me. 1
saw the figure of a man partly concealed
in tho brush. He was in the act of rais
ing his arm to strike and at that moment I
glanced over my shoulder and caught tha
Bash of a revolver In his hands. I In
stinctively dodged the Impending blow
and the concealed robber .then sprang
from his hiding place and confronted me.
;'" 'Throw up your hands,' came the com
mand. I promptly did so. They say that
necessity is the mother of invention, and
It quickly flashed through my brain that
rather than submit to the purpose of the
villain who had but a moment before at
tempted to brain me, I had better employ
my only means of defense. „. \
"I am an Inveterate -' tdbacco . chewer.
Taking careful aim at the robber's eyes,
I expelled the contents of my mouth into
his ' face. The effect was Instantaneous.
The footpad, with an oath, dropped his
weapon and threw his hands to his face.
He desperately clawed at his eyes In an
unsuccessful attempt to remove the fiery
substance, which seemwl to raaks him
frantic. Here I seized the opportunity to
make good my escape ; and ran as fast
as I could to my home, a short distance
away." "\' c . '¦'
ROUTS A HIGHWAYMAN
WITH TOBACCO JUICE
Bernhardt No Longer HI.
PITTSBURG, March 29.— Sarah Bern
hardt, who was obliged by illness to can
cel" her date in tho Alvin Theater last
night, is bo far recovered as to be able
to fill her part In "Cyrano de Bergerac"
to-night, and to-morrow she will appear
in "L'Alglon." .
HAVANA, March 29.— Senor . Vllluenda
of the Committee on Relations of the Cu
ban Constitutional Convention to-day
signed tho report of Senor Juan Gualberto
Gomez, thus placing a majority of the
committee in opposition to the principal
features of the Platt amendment. Neither
the Radicals nor the Conservatives seem
anxious to put the Question to an Immedi
ate vote. The plan to send a delegation
to Washington first is being- favorably
considered. Little public interest is mani
fested In the outcome.
CUBANS MAY NAME
WASHINGTON" DELEGATION
States Senator Henry M. Teller was re
buked~Thursday by the Speaker of the
Lower House of the Colorado Legislature
for lobbying for the revenue bill. The re
buke was administered by indirection and
Speaker Montgomery afterward dis
claimed any intention of striking at the
Senator, but the blow landed nevertheless.
Speaker Montgomery saw a page advanc
ing* to Representative Ballinger's dealt
with a card from Senator Teller, who wo3
standing In the lobbv in the rear of the
House. "The sergeant at arms will see,"
thundered the Speaker, "that spectators
in the lobby keep quiet and do not inter
fere with the business of the House by
calling members from their seats."
The page scurried back to Senator Tel
ler, but finally presented the card.
Mistaken by Speaker for Spectato;
and Is Reproved by Indirec
tion for His Act.
DENVER, Colo., March 29.-Unitec
COLORADO SENATOR. GETS
REBUKED FOR LOBBYTW
ments Soon to Leave Manila.
WASHINGTON, March . 29.^-General
MacArthur has notified the : War Depart
ment that 1 the proposed- temporary diver
sion. . of the transport j Sheridan from the
San Francisco route ; to /the China'- route
would seriously, interrupt the homeward
movement of the volunteers. Ho also says
the Sheridan is not needed on the Chinese
route . at this time." - In order to , expedite
the movements of the: troops: from? China
to Manila It was proposed by the War De
partment that the - Sheridan be , added . to
the- Chinese transport ¦ fleet..- In -view- of
General MacArthur's report. the plan ha*
Forty-Fifth and Forty-Sixth Kegl-
WASHINGTON. March 29.-An Import
ant dispatch was received "at the War De
partment to-day from General MacArthur
at Manila, dated to-day. It did not refer
to Aguinaldo or Funston, but In the opin
ion of the War Department officials it
went far to support the prediction made
by General MacArthur in yesterday's dis
patch relating to those two leaders, to the
effect that the end of the rebellion ls near
at hand. This dispatch chronicles the
surrender of a considerable ¦ additional
number of insurgents and military arms,
and the Important feature of it is that
the surrender marks the complete stamp
ing out of the insurrection In the island of
Mindanao, which Is, next to Luzon, tha
largest island In the group. The dispatch
is as follows:
. "MANILA, March 29.— Brigadier General
William A. Kobb reports the surrender at
Sumulao, Mindanao, ' of nine officers, 160
men, 187 rifles and - eighty shotguns of
Capistrano's command.. This ends the
trouble in Mindanao as far as the'Filipi
nos are concerned. /.-•¦--..
"Brigadier General Robert P. Hughes
reports that Alikpali and Ruiz, with thir
ty-four guns, surrendered to Captain Da
vid Shanks, Eighteenth Infantry, at Mam
burao; 206 guns of Fulton's command sur
rendered to Lieutenant Colonel William
S. Scott, Forty- fourth Infantry.
- "MacARTHUR."
COMINO ON THE SHERIDAN.
MacArthur Reports the End of Trou-
ble on Mindanao.
It ls reported that the Spaniard, Segovia,
an ex-insurgent who recently acted as
General Funston's interpreter, who gave
valuable -assistance to the expedition
which resulted in Aguinaldo's capture,
will be recommended for a commission as
an officer of native troops. The- othur
three ex-insurgents officers who took part
in the expedition are known to have re
ceived heavy money rewards.
SURRENDER, OP INSURGENTS.
These two statements are characteristic
of the shifty nature of the Filipino leader.
Aguinaldo, in the course of conversation
on the gunboat, said that he had never
been in a single battle, a statement which
may, perhaps, be true. He admitted that
he had ordered the assassination of Gen
eral Luna, giving as his reason that the
security of the Filipino cause demanded
General Luna's death.
NEW YORK, March 29.— A Sun cable
from Manila says: While he was being
brought here by his captors on the gun
boat Vlcksburg Aguinaldo said" that in
June, 1899, he, together with a number
of his officers, swore . to prosecute me
war as long as they lived. He considered
this oath inviolate and had Intended to
live up to It. Later he declared that he
desired peace from the outbreak of hos
tilities, and if he was convinced that a
majority of his followers desired the ces
sation of the war he would use every
means in his power to accomplish tnis
end.
While Being Taken to Manila.
Makes Contradictory Statements
said he had under consideration the mat
ter of rewarding General Funston for his
services in capturing the Filipino chief.
The delegation regard thejr interview as
encouraging and hope to see the Kansas
man made a brigadier general in the reg
ular establishment, but its members were
careful to -say that the President gave
them no promise nor any indication aa to
his intentions in this regard.
They would not be surprised, however,
if considerable opposition to giving P"un
ston a brigadier generalship should de
velop at the War Department. There ia
no disposition in tho regular establish
ment to belittle General Funston's ex
ploit,-especially since the receipt of Gen
eral MacArthur's dispatch giving full
credit to Funston, but there would natur
ally be opposition there to jumping a vol
unteer officer 35 years of age into the
grade of brigadier general, and the Kan-
Baa delegation recognize this fact.
¦ ? i, ....
AGXTTNAI/DOS SHIFTY WORDS.
Would Give a Medal.
WASHINGTON. March 29.-The War
Department has sent to . General MacAr
thur, commanding the military forces in
the Philippines,' an acknowledgment of
the "latters message regarding the cap
ture of Aguinaldo by General Funston.
The officials decline to make the text of
the dispatch public. The War Department
has under ¦ consideration the giving to
General Funston as a recognition of his
gallantry a medal of honor. • V
"According to precise information the
man captured is not President Emilio
Aguinaldo, but Baldomero Aguinaldo,
chief of the general staff, and * Emillo's
cousin." -
• ' • x
Says It Is Baldomero Aguinaldo.
PARIS, March 29.— An interview - with
Regidor Jubado, who claims to bo the Fll
lipino,agent in Europe, Is published here.
He eays he has received the following
cablegram from New York: |
For a week the commission will remain
here investigating and establishing civil
government. The provinces of Mindanao
are all pacified. Tne population ls a con
glomerate of Moros, Filipinos, Chinese
and native tribesmen. "Without doubt the
commission will organize the province of
Zamboanga, but no decision has yet been
reached regarding the other provinces of
the island. -
From the natives and the) military tfie
commission met with a cordial reception.
ZAMBOANGA, Island of Mindanao,
March 29.— The Philippine Commission
arrived here to-day from Isabela, Island
of Basilan. At Isabela they took the tes
timony of the marine garrison officers.
The native condition of Basilan is peace
ful. One Dato controls. The Moros dis
courage schools and only the Chinese at
tend them. ¦¦•.-. ¦•.¦'¦
Island of Basilan.
Peaceful Conditions Found in ths
I believe It ia the wish of the American peo
ple to know the truth about many things con
nected with this war, as well as to obtain an
authoritative statement of the attitude of the
Filipinos toward American sovereignty. I do
not know of two men better fitted to Rive
such information than Aguinaldo and Mabini.
Almost all the statements that have hitherto
been made are from American sources. It
would, therefore, only be fair that two repre
sentative Filipinos should be allowed to give
their opinions about the Americans and to
8j>eak in behalf of their fellow countrymen.
' The bringing 1 of Aguinaldo and Mabini to
America can do no injury to truth and justice,
and I assume that both desire to know the
truth and to do justice to us.
BIXTO LOPEZ.
ONE DAiTO CONTROLS.
Mabinl.- care= Military Governor, Guam:
Agulnaldo captured. . I have cabled . him to
request American authorities to send you with
him to America, I wish to apply to authori
ties in Guam. SIXTO LOPEZ.
In reference to the foregoing Senor Lo
pez has issued the following statement:
Amilnaldo. care General MacArthur, Manila:
Request American authorities to send you
with Mabini to America. SIXTO LOPEZ.
BOSTON; March 29.— Benor Sixto Lopez
has sent the two following cablegrams to
Aguinaldo and Mabini:
Mabini to America.
Aguinaldo and
Anxious to Bring
BIXTO IX)FEZ'S SCHEME.
The Sheridan will leave Manila for San
Francisco on the 10th pros, with the
Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth regiments of
volunteers.
been abandoned. The movement from
Taku to Manila will begin In a dav or two
and probably will occupy two or three
weeks. -
unhealthfulness of the climate are taken
r.to consideration.
PTntSTTIT OF INSTJBGENTS.
and Praise Brave Funston.
Returning Officers Tell of Their Work
Interesting stories of the pursuit of
Filipino Insurgents are told by- officers of
the Thirty-third and Thirty-fourth regi
ments of United States Volunteers who
arrived on the transport Logan yesterday.
These officers also liberally praise the
daring deeds of Brigadier General Fred
erick Funston. the captor of Aguinaldo.
When the Thirty-third left here in Sep
tember. 1S99, Colonel Hare was in com
mand, the next ranking officers being
Lieutenant Colonel Brereton and Major
Cronin. Colonel Hare was promoted to a
brigadier generalship and Lieutenant Col
onel Brereton died In Manila, eo Major
Cronin was given the command of the
regiment.
"As soon as the Thirty-third reached
Manila," said Colonel Cronin yesterday,
"we were sent north to Llngayan and
from that time on we never gave the in
surgents a rest. On November 11. 1S9U.
we had a pitched battle with over 1300 of
Aguinaldo's men. In that fight Major
John A. Logan was killed. A few com
panies of the Thirty-third were garrison
ing the city of Vigan when an assault was
made by the rebels They outnumbered
our men two to one and It was the hottest
tight of the whole campaign.
"Aguinaldo's wife and two sisters sur
rendered to Major March of the Thirty
third, and I and my men captured Agui
naldo's mother, his son Miguel and Felipe
Buencamino. the Filipino Secretary of
State. Old Mrs. Aguinaldo is a most de
termined woman and if her son has any
force of character he gets It from her.
She is about 80 years of age and looks
more like a European than a Filipino.
"Miguel Aguinaldo was about three or
four years old and a holy terror. When
he got Into a tantrum the only thing his
nuree could do to pacify him was to give
him a big cigar. This the baby would
Ught and smoke down to a half-inch
stump. His constitution must have been
undermined as he died soon ' after his
capture.
"A detachment from the Thirty-third
under my command was later joined by
a detachment from tbe Thirty-fourth un
der Lieutenant Colonel Houze and Major
Penn, Lieutenant Gillmore and his party
of marines. All the men In the regiment
have seen hard times and we are more
•than glad to get horns. The regiment was
recruited from Texas, Oklahoma. Indian
Territory and a contingent came from
Chicago."
The Thirty-fourth was recruited from
Colorado, Arizona, New Mexico, Utah,
\\ yoming and Montana. Many of them
were with Roosevelt in Cuba and fully
one-third of the regiment had seen pre
vious service before sailing for the Phil
ippines. On arriving at Manila the regi
ment was sent to Cabantuan. where it
M-as broken up into divisions, some of
which did not meet again for eighteen
m S nt £5;, Garris °n duty and chasing the
wily Filipino kept the regiment going and
at times whole companies were barefooted
and half naked owing to forced marches
through Jungles and over mountains. The
breaking up of the Filipino army into
small parties was due more to the un
yring energy of the \ Thirty-third and
Thirty-fourth than perhaps any other two
regiments In the Philippines.
All the officers wno came back on the
Logan were delighted to hear of the cap
ture of Aguinaldo by General Funston.
Their praise of the daring Kansan was
not stinted, and on« and all laughed at
the idea of bribery, figuring in the matter.
The following officers who came home on
the Logan served under General Funston:
Majors Wheeler ante Shunk, \CaptaIns
Barnes and Sullivan and Lieutenants Deil
nck, Rittenhouse and Matson.
"General Funston Is one of the most
courteous and pleasant men I ever met."
said Major Shunk yesterday. "He is a
volcano of energy and nothing seems to
tire him. I was in command at San IbI
dro from December. 1899. to February.
1900. and as San Isidro was the general's
headquarters I eaw a good deal of him.
He would Just as soon go out with five
men behind him as 500, and he was never
beaten back. He generally rode a black
horse and wore a white coat. In a fight
he was in and out among his men and
used a carbine with the best of them.
When he first arrived at San Isidro he
went all over his district, a distance of
over 100 miles, with only a corporal's
guard in attendance. He escaped but a
few days later, a telegraph operator, a
signal man and five eoldiers of the Twen
ty-fourth being captured by the Filipinos.
He would swim rivers and .take chances
that, few others would tackle, but hia
men were always right behind him. Once
he wanted to get to Bautista and I wanted
to send an escort of fifteen men along.
From San Isidro to San Fernando, where
?ifi was « to tak , e the traln - ls a distance of
thirty-five miles and parties of our men
who had to go over the road were con
stantly fired on. General Funston would
not take an escort, but with three men
for company made the journey in a twe
mule wagon."
All the officers who served under him
speak in the highest terms of the daring
gallantry and soldierly qualities of Brig
adier General Funston. Mrs. Funston is
now at San Isidro with her husband but
both of them expect to get home about
next June.
The soldiers on the Logan were taken
to the Presidio on the steamers Sunol
Resolute and Grace Barton, while the
civilians and discharged men were landed
at the transport wharf.
Woodman, after ha had surrendered to
the authorities, declared that he had not
intended to kill his wife, but that a charge
of shot that was meant for Jones went
wide of its mark and hit her. He said
he had warned Jones to keep away from
his home, but no attention was paid to
his threats. Made desperate, at last by
his wife's supposed infatuation for Jones
and the latter's attempt to break up his
home he resolved to kill Jones when next
he found the couple in company. This
evening when his -wife and her supposed
lover went for a walk he got his shotgun,
followed them and opened fire. Excite
ment spoiled his aim and his wife fell at
the first fire, although he had Intended to
spars her life.
Jones and Mrs. Woodman were on
friendly terms and for some" time the
jealousy of the husband has been aroused.
Several weeks ago he threatened to kill
his supposed rival for : the affections of
his wife. This evening Jones and Mrs.
Woodman met and went for a' walk to
gether. When they were about 200 yards
south of the railroad bridge Woodman
came up behind them and opened fire.
His weapon, was a shotgun. Four shots
were fired at tha couple. One charge
pierce'd the heart of the woman, killing
her Instantly. Another struck Jones In
the small of the back. Inflicting a horrible
wound. His death la only . a question of
a few hours.
DAVISVILLE. March 29.— Because she
had been receiving attentions from Ira
E. Jones J. A. Woodman to-night shot
and Instantly killed his wife and fatally
wounded Jones. Tha murder occurred
near the railroad bridge here. Woodman,
Immediately after the tragedy, surren
dered himself and was taken to Dixon.
Ira Jones cannot survive his wound.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Davisville Man Shoots His
Wife and Her Supposed
Lover.
HUSBAND TAKES
AWFUL REVENGE
Deducting $72,000,000 from the Increased
expenditures on account of the army and
navy for these reasons leaves a net in
crease of the expenditures under thej«e
heads on account of the Philippines of
5173,550,000. To this account must be add
ed the $20,000,000 paid to Spain under tho
treaty of Paris and tlOO.000 paid for tne
islands of Cag-ayan and Slbutu: interest
on the war loan since June 30, 1SC0, 15,423,
000, and cost of various Philippine com
missions and other miscellaneous civil ex
penditures, estimated at $500,000. This
brings the total cost of the Islands to daf>
up to $202,6S3,000. The total cost of tho
islands In lives of American officers and
men hax been 302S. Of these the army
lost 64 officers and S3S men killed In action
or died of wounds, and 48 officers and $073
men who died of disease. The navy lost
two officers and 16 men killed In action
The number of deaths has been small
when the duration of hostilities and the
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
\V.. WASHINGTON, March 23.— It is diffi
cult to make an estimate of the cost of
the Philippine •war in dollars and cents
for the reason that no exact dividing lino
can be drawn between the present cost of
the army and navy and the amount that
would have been expended for the support
of these establishments had not those Isl
ands been acquired. Estimates made by
expert accountants in the Treasury De
partment show that the cost of tn© army
and navy since the breaking out of tho
Philippine insurrection. February 4. 18£>.
lias been about $246,550,000 more than it
would have been had the same rate of ex
penditure been maintained that prevailed
b* fore the war with 6pain. Much of this
additional expenditure would have been
entailed, however, had the United Status
abandoned the Philippines. This is par
ticularly true of the increased naval ex
penditure, most of which has been for
new construction and other improvements
not In any ¦way connected ¦with the insur
rection in the islands. Most of the increased
cost of the army has been necessitated by
operations in the Philippines, but part of
it is chargeable to the military occupa
tion of Cuba and Porto Rico and to the
campaign in China, and part of it must
be charged to the Increased expenditures
for fortifications In the United States ami
to Increased strength of the artillery with
which the war t in the Philippines hal
nothing to do.
pine Archipelago.
rstiinates of Cost of "War in Philip-
With the exception of Secretary Root
all the members of the Cabinet were of
the opinion that th« Kansan ought to be
promoted at once. 'I he embarrassment
of the situation was brought on by Sec
retary Root, who called tne attention to
the elate of promotion agreed upon the
very day Funston marched Into Manila
with A-g-ulnaldo. The officers who are to
be promoted had been practically assured
of their advancement. In view of this
it is understood that The President Is dis
posed to ¦wait a few days and test public
f^ntlment.
FLOW OF MONEY AND BLOOD.
The capture of Agninaldo and the im
portant surrenders to General Kobbe and
General Hughes, reported from Manila, to
day, are regarded as of sufficient import
ance to cause Secretary Root and Adju
tant General Corbin to contemplate aban
doning their trip to the Philippines.
Secretary Boot showed his opposition
to any great advance for General Funston
in the meeting- of the Cabinet to-dav. The
capture of Aguinaldo. the possible effect
upon the Filipino Insurrection and tho
reward that should be given to General
Kuhston and his companions in the ex
pedition were all talked over.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. March 29.— Too
clearly to be misunderstood the War De
partment continued to-day Its policy of
belittling the exploit of General Funston
in capturing' General ApuinaJdo and of
throwlngr cold water on the eug-gestlon
that he be rewarded by promotion to a
brigadier generalship in the regular army.
to Prevent Funston's
Regular Army Officers Working Hard
WAR DEPARTMENT
HAS A HAMMER
efided. "en£* the trouble in Mindanao f">
far as the Filipinos are concerned," and
that General Huphes reports the surren
der of AlikpaU and Ruiz, with 31 guns
and 206 puns of Fulton's command. Aguin
aldo's capture did not influence these sur
renders, hut they show the existence of a
prratifyinp condition.
An official of the War Department paid
to-day that the fact that Agrulnaldo -is a
prisoner tins not changed the plans of the
department to send reinforcements to
General MacArthur to take the place of
volunteers under orders to be mustered
out
Jn any locality or district where there is a
croup of mires operated by the same com
pany and where grievances are similar tn
character and prevail at each of the collier
ies we would recommend that the committees
frcm said group of collieries meet together
and Jointly tabulate, agree upon and present
their grievances to the general superintend
ents or managers In order that remedies may
li« applied to all alike. Your commutes would
»lso recommend that the various committees
rtport the result of their efforts to have griev
ances adjusted to the national and district
officers. We would further recommend and
uige upon mine workers everywhere to refrain
from engaging In local strikes except when
authorized bv the district presidents In ac
cordance with the constitution and laws of
the national and district organizations, i; tats
policy Is adhered to we believe that the work
of our organization to establish humane and
r.rogresslve methods of adjusting wage differ
ences will be very much facilitated. In con
cluding this report we desire to express our
appreciation to the members of the industrial
branch of the Civic Federation and to other
influential friends who rendered your com
mittee such Invaluable assistance In the diffi
cult undertaking we were assigned to pcr
form.
Local Strikes Ara Barred.
In consideration of the vast Interests in
volved and In view of the fact that at least
partial recognition of our organization has
t*en secured, and with the hope that a greater
ifgrtu of Justice will be obtained In the not
distant future, your committee, to whom was
delegated the power and authority to deter
r'lne whether work should ceaae or continue
cfter April 1. would respectfully recommend
that work t» continued, and that committees
be selected at each mine, colliery, stripping
r.nri washery and Instructed to wait upon tha
rr.ir.% superintendents or other person :n au
thority and In a respectful, conservative, fear
less and able manner present any grievances,
cither as to prices or conditions of employ
ment, that the mine workers may have and
nsk that such grievances be adjusted.
The representatives of the operators listened
attentively to the presentation of our argu
ments, and while they did not agree to mwt
In reheral Joint conference with the miners
this year, did agree that the notices which
were posted continuing the advance in wag»s
until April 1. 1302. and agreeing to take uy
and adjust with their mine employes any
grievances they might have, should be Inter
preted and construed to mean that such griev
ances should be considered and adjusted with
committees or representatives of the mine
workers, and they held out the hope that If
during- the present year the mlns workers de
monstrated their willingness and ability to
abstain from engaging in local strikes, full
and complete recoenitlon of the organization
would unquestionably be accorded at future
date.
While your committee rejret to report that
they were unable to secure all the concessions
we hoped for and believe we are Justly entitled
to. we are of the opinion that the willingness
o£ the various coal companies to receive com
mittees representing mine workers for the ad
judication of grievances records an Important
advance step In the right direction and pre
sages more harmonious and equitable relations
between employe™ and employes than have
prevailed In the anthracite region heretofore.
Meeting With Operators.
Tour committee, consisting of national and
district officers, have made every ixwsilde ef
fort ta arrange a joint conference of opera
tors and miners prior to April 1. 1901. Your
committee addressed a communication to each
of the sresldcnta of the coal-carryln»c rail
roads inviting them to join In holding a joint
conference with representative! of the mine
workers. Failing: to receive any favorable re
plies to our Invitations, a sub-committee com
posed of national and district presidents pro
ceeded to the city of New York and through
th«* instrumentality and assistance of influen
tial friends of organized labor a conference
was secured with representatives of the coal
carrylns railroads, at which your committee
presented the claims of the mine workers In
as able and lucid a manner as they wer»
capable of.
differences between the operators and
miners.
The general committee's statement, ad
dressed to the miners and mine workers
of the anthracite region, says:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Society Talks of Breaking
of the Hughes-Baxter
Engagement.
A number of coal operators when shown
the statement Issued by the committee
said it was a disgraceful backdown on
Mitchell's part, but they gave the presi
dent of the Mine "Workers credit for his
conservative policy. It is conceded that
had he so desired he could have made a
great deal of trouble. On the whole the
miners are well pleased with the action of
the committee. While they were ready to
strike had the order been given, they are
just as well pleased that no lockout is to
occur. There is general rejoicing among
business men to-night over the news. The
suspense of the past two weeks had a ten
dency to paralyze trade, but now a big
boom is looked for. The happiest man in
town to-night is the Rev. E. S. Phillips,
the Hazleton priest, who did so much to
bring about a peaceful settlement of the
HEWS STARTLES
DENVER FOLK
Conservative Policy Praised.
. This committee was given arbitrary
power by the general convention of min
ers held at Hazleton In the fore part of
the month to declare a strike if the cir
cumstances warranted it. In the opinion
of the committee, expressed In a lengthy
address issued this evening: and - which
was prepared by President Mitchell him
self, the circumstances did not warrant a
strike at this time. ;
Mitchell made an address at the after
noon session of the committee which was
conservative In the extreme. He spoke
of his .visit to New York and his efforts
to secure interviews with the men who
control the anthracite coal trade. He said
all the concessions asked for had not been
granted, but the outlook for the future
was bright, and it was his opinion that
the day was not far distant when the
operators of tho anthracite region would
see that it was to their advantage to
meet their miners In joint conference. It
took some time and hard work before the
bituminous operators would consent to
meet their miners, but they eventually
did. .
Some members of the committee, it was
said/ were in favor of pursuing a radical
course, on the ground that if the oper
ators did not recognize the miners' union
now the opportunity would be lost for
ever. President Mitchell, however, soon
convinced the committee that a conserva
tive course was the only one to pursue at
this time.
WIL.HESBARRE, Pa., March 20.— The
threatened strike of 143,000 miners in the
hard coal region will not take place. At a
meeting 1 . of the executive committee of the
United Mine Workers of the three anthra
cite districts held In this city to-day It
was decided that the men should continue
at work.
ZIMMERMAN IS EXPECTED
TO PAY THE DUKE'S DEBTS
Manchester's Creditors Believe the Railroad Magnate
Will Extricate His Titled Son=in=Law.
PATRICK'S TWO FRIENDS
CHARGED WITH FORGERY
Associates of the Lawyer Who Is Accused
of the Murder of Millionaire Rice Taken
Into Custody in New York.
Bigned their names to the will. The ?ex
perts declare that the signature to the
will is forged.
When Patrick heard of the arrest he
declared that Short and Meyers were in
nocent of any wrongdoing. Short and
Meyers will be arraigned to-morrow
morning.
The hearing In the case of Patrick was
resumed before Judge Jerome to-day with
John R. Potts again on the stand. Assist
ant District Attorney Osborne returned to
the occurrences In the safe-deposit vault,
when Patrick took the witness there and
showed him the wills and assignments.
"Did you see any other papers at that
time?" he asked. "
The witness replied that as Patrick took
the will and assignments out of his pocket
two checks, payable to "Albert T. Fat
rick, trustee." with the sums left blank,
dropped to the floor. The checks were
signed "William R. Rice." . .
"I remarked to Patrick," Paid Potts,
"that Rice must have a great deal of con
fidence in him."
Dr. Walker Curry, who attended Rice
in his last illness, testified:
"Mr. Rice's death was due. to the fjreat
mental strain on his nerve force, he being
86 years old, his heart being weak and it
being of slow action."
NEW YORK. March 29.— David L..
Short. Commissioner of Deeds for Texas,
and Morrl3 Meyer, an attorney, the two
persons whose names appear as witnesses
to the alleged spurious Rice will, were ar
rested to-day, charged with forgery in
the first degree. Both are friends of Law
yer Albert T. Patrick, who is charged
with having murdered the Texas million
aire.
Short and Meyers appeared, before Jus- \
tlce Jerome as witnesses in the examina
tion of Patrick. Assistant District Attor
ney Osborne has declared his belief that
ihe will was a forgery, having consulted
handwriting experts. Osborne appeared
before Justice Jerome to-day and swore
out warrants for the arrest of Short and
Meyer*.
Meyers was formerly employed by Pat
rick. On his examination he acknowledged
that Patrick had dictated the Rice will to
him. By this will the Rice millions were,
left to Patrick. Short, when examined
before Justice Jerome, pwor** that he had
never used his seal except when transact-*
ing business for Rice.
The forgery charge apainst the two wit
nesses grows out of the fact that they
FILIPINO CHIEFS READY TO SUBMIT.
Continued From Page One.
FEARS OF GREAT STRIKE
IN COAL MINES ENDED
President Mitchell Announces That Conse rv
ative Action Is Desirable and Is Satis
fied With'Partial Concessions.
THE SA'S FKAuSrCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, MARCH 30,
1901.
. Miss Portia Knight's statement of her
claim in the breach of promise action
brought by her against the Duke Is ap
proaching completion. It Is understood
that heavy damages will be demanded.
The Duke of Manchester has entered an
appearance In the action, so he evidently
Intends to fight it.
2
DENVER, March 23.— Denver society Is
greatly exercised over the announcement
from San Francisco of the engagement of
Miss Cornelia Baxter and Millionaire
Hugh Tevis.
Miss Baxter's reception by the swell set
if she ever returns here Is problematical.
It Is i known that - Mice Daxt»r-waa j en
gaged to Gerald Hughes, In London, last
year and the wedding was set for April
25 next. The wedding invitations had
been ordered and Miss Baxter had seen
the proofsheets. Her father and mother
had ordered a chest of silver with the
monogram "H" for a wedding gift and
the groom to be na<3 bought a residence
which his fiancee had selected for a home.
A letter • breaking the engagement
reached Mr. Hughes from Miss Baxter on
the morning the news of the Tevls-Baxter
engagement was printed In Denver.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-/. To Cure - a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative - Bromo-Quinlne Tablets. 25o. • * .
c A; Month's iTest- Free.; .
If you hB.veRheumatIsra,wrlteDr. Shoop.Raclne,
Wl3.-,boxl37.for six bottles of hlsRheumatlcCure,
express paid. Bend no money.- Pay $3.50 if cured*
Specials
Saturday night at ia
o'clock our special sale
closes. Hundreds of provi-
dent people are saving from
20 to 50 per cent on their
drug purchases — don't put
off — come todar. Never
out of anything here.
Duffy's Malt Whiskey 75c
Hunter Rye Whiskey $1.25
Calder's Dentine 2 for 25c
N N Shampoo 3 for 10c
Cuticura Soap and one cake
' Madam Churchill's skin
soap for f. 25c
Jlcky Guerlain Perfume $1.50
Mennan's Powder 2 for 25c
Lesley's Talcum Powder 5c
Pear's Soap . 10c
Cokes Dandruff Cure 65c
Baker's Sarsaparilla 50c
/ llgft Market Street
San Francisco
lOth and Broadway Oakland
•
DR. MEYERS £ CO, ,^i§%
Specialists, . da- 9§ *^
ease and Weakness w|*>
of men. E3tab- TSif *"^Si|^S\
lished 1SS1. Consul- M iJ^rSl>
tatlon and private \*l * i^r il
took free, at office nfliSlJ '^f a »J
or by mall. Cure3 wk4£w5%V
puaranteed. "J\\\
Market street (ele-
San Francisco. '
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca Lists Matl3i
oa Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIO) IRO.f.
JC WILSONS CO., j&aSTtffiSfa.
COPPERSMITH.
Cf SMITH 6h| P Plambio*. Steamboat an.l
•n« JilUlll. swp Work a specialty. 11 and
13 Washington it. Telephona Mala iUL
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
T 4C ROVF< £• Til Shipping Butchers. 1M
JA> KU IC3 CC tU- Clay. Tel. Mala 1234.
OILS. ~~
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & E1XIS.
418 Front »t.. 8. F. Phon« Main 171t.
PRINTING,
E. C.nUGflSS, .uJr^a r.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. fk
.23 First Street. Ban Fraaeliao/ J
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
ICS California PABTRWfiH ?«tarrapbi«
BtrMt. . rAliinn/UU Co <i»«. . \
No other soap in
the world is used so -
much; or so little of
it goes so far.
- All sorts of people use Pears* snap, aa sorts
. of stores sell it, especially druggists.
Begin taking Hood's to-day. ,
"Myself and my mother have been
entirely cured of impure blood and that
tired feeling by Hood's Sarsaparilla.
We take it every spring, and think it if
the greatest medicine in. the world."
FRANK HAMILTON. 2718 S. 7th St.,
St. Louis, Mo.
Hood's Sarsaparil'a prom'.ses to
cure and keeps the promise.
the Better.
In the spring there's an effort of Na-
ture to cleanse yrmr system. You know
this by the pimples and other eruptions
on your face and body.
Hoods Sarsaparilla
taken in the spring, is assisted by this
effort— results are no more certain
than at other seasons, but are quicker.
This great medicine thoroughly
cleanses the . system, gets into all its
nooks and corners, removes all humors
and all ::nhealthy accumulations.
The Sooner You Cet Rid of Them
Humors Feed
on Humors
ADVEETISEMEETS.Want Hickman Appointed."
saloon-keeper of this city, has invented a
new sort of refreshment that has jumped
into Immediate popularity hereabouts. II
is, an abalone cocktail, similar to an oys
ter cocktail, but very different In flavor.
The abalone used is not fresh out of the
water, but goes through a special proc^sd
of cooking and therein, say those who
have tested it.- lies 'its -chief excellence.
Many. who have tried the new cockjai;
prefer It to Its oyster predecessor.
Monterey Saloon Man Invents a Re
freshment That Is Proving
Very^ Popular. .
: MONTEREY, March 29.-J. J. Kellv. a
"ABALONE COCKTAH."
IS THE NEWEST DRINK
BIG OAK ;¦: FLAT. ' March 29.— John ,W.
Forbes, who was arrested a few days ago
on the charge of bigamy, was given a
preliminary : hearing : at Groveland ' to-day.
He was held to appear before the Superior
Court' his bond. being fixed at $1000. Forbes
married Miss Edith Bailey of Oakdale at
San Jose in April, 1900. It is charged that
he has a wife. living In i Ottawa;- Canada,
from whom he has never, been divorced.
•"' ' .'—^ — '¦ > ¦ ¦ •
Fl ur. Indictments for Murder.
PHOENIX. Ariz., March 20.— Four men
were indicted' at Yuma : yesterday: for
murder— William Hart, for; the. killing ol
Deputy 'Sheriff -Matt Devane; Joe Alex
ander, for the killing of Mrs. J: J. . Burns,
and 'James Miller and ."B111V Fain," a« ac
complices: In v the latter; case, v Both mur
ders*; were*? particularly, atrocious, f and for
safe-keeping • from probable • mob venge
ance all four men have been placed in 1 th«j
penitentiary, awaiting their -trials.
Accused Big Oak Flat Resident Must
Answer in the Superior ,
Court.
FORBES HELD TOR TRIAL
ON CHARGE OF BIGAMY
Fortune. >. v
TACOMA, March 29.— Samuel Phllby, a
Tacoma ship carpenter, ¦ claims to be one
of :tho heirs i to ¥ the English estate of
Thomas Holden, "mentioned in yesterday's
dispatches. Philby's mother, "Mrs. Eliza
beth Shelton Phllby, 76 years old, now liv
ing at Brazil, Iowa., was the granddaugh
ter of Thomas Holden. through her moth
er. The claim of the Philby heirs combats
that of i: the Broadbents oi> Baltimore,
Stambaughs of New ..York and others who
claim inheritance through ¦ Holden's sister
Elizabeth, while • the ; Philby : heirs . claim
direct r descent/ The Phllby'; children Sin
Iowa are coal miners.
Monterey's; First Automobile.
MONTEREY. March 29.— The first autc
mobile\belonging < strictly: to 'Monterey
made Its appearance here yesterday. It is
a steam automobile of verv fine construc
tion : and is , owned by Shelley. Pickles of
Oak Grove. | ?£!l§lS?S^nKii?5EE§83«@
Tacoma Ship Carpenter Wants Share
of the Late Thomas Holden's
CLAIMS TO BE HEIR *
TO ENGLISH ESTATE
worm's .Energetic Foe.
VANCOUVER. B.C.. March 29.— A big
black spider has appeared In the fields all
over the lower part of the province as the
enemy of the cutworm. ' The latter did
hundreds of thousands of dollars of dam
age to cereal crops and potatoes last year.
The spiders are harmless to vegetation
and are killing off the early cutworms! in
great numbers. .Thev attack the cut
worms .apparently from a wanton desire
to kill, and leave their bodies Intact. Th-i
spider, full grown, is over half an inch
across and easily doe:* away with the
largest cutworm.
Deputy Minister of Agriculture J. R.
Alderson has just made a complete in
vestigation and he considers that the cut
worm is a, pest of the past. -
British Columbia Fanners Rejoic3
Over, the Advent of the Cut-
SPIDERS EXTERMINATE
A PEST IN THE CROPS
OMAHA. March 29.— James Callahan
had his preliminary hearing in the;Dis
trict Court to-day on the revlsed^com
plalnt in connection with the Cudahy kid
naping case. His trial Is set for April 22.'
Callahmn'B lawyers;, if is said.' will- offer
as testimony a deposition of H.?C,Hen
derson;, tho Dallas : man. : who . is alleged : to
have confessed to a complicity in the ab-
Alleged Kidnaper in Court.
Friendly Test Suit Brought on Behalf
of the State of Wash
ington.
OLYMPIA, March 29.— Attorney General
Stratton has brought suit in behalf of the
State to restrain the Capitol Commission
from proceeding further with the pur
chase of the Thurston County Courthouse
until after the expiration of ninety days
from the close of the Legislature. The
bill did not carry an^mergency clause,
but it is contended that it should go. into
effect immediately on the ground that it
Is an appropriation bill.
The Superior Court ¦ sustained the de
murrer fifed to the petition of, the- Attor-.
ney General and the matter was appealed
to the Supreme Court and . argued this
morning. It was taken under advisement
by the court. The suit is a friendly one
and la brought largely for the purpose of
determining through- the medium of the
highest authority In the State the powers
pf the Capitol Commission at this time.
DETERMINING POWERS
OF CAPITOL COMMISSION
Stanton Brown, who came here two
months ago from San Francisco, has re
turned to the city from an exceedingly
adventurous trip to the north. His boat
was capsized in the surf, and after losing
his entire outfit he narrowly escaped
death from exposure. For a week he
camped on the shore In rainy weather
without a fire, and he had only- a little
oatmeal dally to eat during that time.
Brown is a large, strongly built man,
but he Is now worn and emaciated. He
left here three weeks ago, taking an out
fit worth $500 with him. After leaving the
steamer he went In his open boat to the
head of Knights Inlet. There he met ex
ceedingly rough weather, and while try
ing to make a landing his boat capsized
In the surf. He swam ashore, and the
only thing he saved of boat and outfit was
a sealed tin of oatmeal. This he subsisted
on for six days, and It was on the even-
Ing of the seventh that he wandered into
an Indian settlement and got help.
Two snowstorms occurred Immediately
after Brown was wrecked, and this added
to his misery. He could not make a fire,
and several times he expected .to go to
sleep and die. He was badly frozen and
Is still in great pain from, the privations
of the trip. The Indians cared for him
and he was sent by them to Vancouver
to-day.
San Francisco Gold-Seeker Almost
Falls Victim to Cold and
Starvation. , ; - :
VANCOUVER. B. C, March 29.— Oscar
BARELY ESCAPES - DEATH
: .-T ON N0ETHEBN COAST
SAN DIEGO. March 23. — Colonel Isaac
Trumbo to-day resigned as receiver of the
Goldrn Cro?s Mining Company at Hedges.
The resignation was acceptfd by Superior
Judg" Torrance and the court fixed April
3, at 2 o'clock, as the day and time when
his successor would be appointed.
Trumbo Resigns Receivership.
SAN JOSE. March 29.— Responses to the
invitations eent out for the banquet on
Monday night to celebrate the opening of
the coast road are pouring in, and the
affair is taking on a State significance.
Citizens from the towns south of here will
be present and most of the Southern Pa
cific oJBdals have already declared their
Intention of attending.
The following order of toasts has been
arranged: Opening address. Chairman O.
A. Hale; address of welcome. Mayor C. J.
Martin: Introduction of toastmaster, re
spor.te by Judge J. R. Lewis; address. J.
d Stubbs; "Coast Counties." S. F. Leib;
•San Francisco." J. D. Phelan: "San*
Jos*."' William G. Alexander; "Modern
Railway Equipment." Julius Kruttschnitt;
"Our Battleships." Irving M. Scott;
M Pre*2." Alfred Hnlman; "Our Neigh
bors." Wamn R. Porter: "Our Mutual
Interests." William Fproule: "Our Fruit
Induftrv." Ralph Heraejr; "The Church."
Rev. J.'W. DinFmorr. D. D.: "The Coast
Road— Curves and Elevations." William
Hood; "The Bench." Judge M. H. Hyland;
"The Pion^TS." B. E>. Murphy: "The
Southern Pacifir." E. O. McCormlck;
"Our Commerce." Hugh Craig.
Many Toxcns to Be Represented at
San Jose's Coast-Railroad
Festivities.
ATT. CALIFORNIA VJTL.X,
JOIN IN CELEBRATION
SAN JOSE. March - 29.— Mrs. Elvira
Frlant was denied a divorce from Alfred
E. Friant to-day by Judge Rhodes! who
held that the charge of infidelity made by
plaintiff - had not been sustained. The
case has attracted a good deal of atten
tion because of the prominence of the par
ties. , who were members of high society.
Mrs.. Friant had been living apart from
her husband for about a year, and several
months ago commenced suit for divorce In
San Francisco. She charged her husband
with infidelity, and mentioned the name
of a young lady of .this city as co-re
spondent. Later the suit was transferred
hither for trial. . • .
The Frlants were married about a dozen
years ago. and have a child 7 "years of
age. For the past few days the case has
been heard behind closed doors. . When
the evidence was completed to-day Judge
Rhodes denied the divorce..
Friant was formerly secretary of the
Great Western. Can Company of this city,
but is now ' engaged In the mercantile
business.
Court Holds That Infidelity Charge
Is Not Sustained.
NO DIVORCE FOR MRS. FRIANT
SACRAMENTO, March 23.— A sensation
has been caused In local society circles by
the filing of a suit for divorce by Frances
B. Dierssen against Will L. Dlcrssen. on
the ground of cruelty. The couple were
married. less than a year ago, and the
wedding, which occurred at the Congre
gational' church, was one of the most
elaborate and fashionable ever witnessed
in that edifice. Both Mrs. Dierssen and
her husband have been prominent In local
society circles, and number among the
young , people of Sacramento a host of
friends. Mrs. Dierssen, was formerly Miss
Frances Nourse, a graduate of a leading
Boston conservatory, and is a singer of
tine ability.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Divorce Suit Causes Sensa
tion'in Sacramento
Society.
MRS, DIERSSEN
WOULD BE FREE
The trouble arose over a pole which be
longs jointly to the Santa Rosa Lighting
Company and the Sunset Telephone Com
pany. Mr. Gutsch says he notified the
other lighting company three days ago to
detach its wires from the pole. It did not
heed the warning, so this afternoon he
performed the job himself. Mr. Weber
claims to have permission from the Sun
set Telephone Company to | use the pole,
and Mr. Gutsch says thetelephone com
pany, did not give him leave.
When arrested Mr. Gutsch immediately
gave bail and returned to the pole to see
that Mr. "Weber did not reconnect the
wires. After trying three times to con
nect them the Merchants' manager was
served with an injunction. Then an In
junction against the other company was
Issued, which leaves both corporations
without being able to reconnect their cir
cuits, t
Much excitement prevailed on the
streets here this afternoon and large
crowds gathered at the pole in dispute.
The case promises to be an interesting
one. The stockholders of the Merchants',
Lighting Company are composed mostly
of merchants of Santa Rosa, while the
Santa Rosa Lighting Company Is a branch
of the Pacific Lighting Company of San
Francisco.- . ¦ . ¦'¦ •- -
SANTA ROSA, March 29.— The two elec
tric light companies of this place are at
war with one another, and the ownership
of a pole, and the right to attach wires to
it is the cause of the rumpus. Alex
Gutsch, manager of tho Santa Rosa
Lighting Company, this afternoon cut
three wires belonging to the Merchants'
Lighting Company. Manager Herman
Weber of the Merchants' Immediately
had Mr. Gutsch arrested for destroying
his company's property. By mistake
Gutsch also cut two wires belonging to his
company, and all the business houses on
the north side of Fourth street, between
A and'B, were in darkness to-night ex
cept those on: the arc light wire of the
Santa Rcsa Lighting Company.
Srjecial Dispatch to The Call.
Striving for Possession of a
Pole on Santa Rosa's
Main Street.
RIVAL ELECTRIC
COMPANIES WAR
MONTEREY, March 29.— George
Q. Cannon, one of the highest
dignitaries of the Mormon
Church and in many respects
practically its head. Is lying
critically ill in this city and two of his
sons and an attorney are now en route to
Morterey from Salt cake City, called
hither by his condition. l.ir. Cannon has
suffered with nervous prostration for sev
eral months, his trouble taking the form
of almost continual insomnia, and it Is
feared It will eventually affect his mind.
He came to Del Monti, several weeks ;iso
and his physicians, who are with him.
finding his condition somewhat improved
here, recommended taking a house where
he could be away from the noise and
bustle of the hotel. Accordingly a cot
tage was engaged in this city and the in
valid installed there.
One of his physicians was seen to-night
and said that Mr. Cannon's condition was
Special Dispatch to The Call.
the result of overwork and had been
greatly aggravated by tho high altitude of
Salt Lake City. The heavy atmosphere of
Monterey had enabled him to cet more
Bleep since he came here than he had hal
for some time. When asked as to what
had caused the present alarm he would
make no statement, but he did not deiiv
that his patient was in a critical condi
tlon. He said it is true that Mr. Cannon's
sons and attorney :<re on their way to
Monterey.
Apostle Cannon is one of the three high
councilors at the head of the Mormon
church. President Alonzo F. Snow and Jo
seph F. Smith beinc the other two. Hi j
death or disability to p«=rfcrm the duties
of his office would mean a great loss to
-his church. He is here -with his wife, who
is a daughter of the first Brigham Young,
and two children, a private secretary am!
two physicians. Some time aeo he too<
a trir* to Hawaii in search of health and
was greatly benefited <*nd his present re
lapse was caused bv beginning work too
soon after his return hr.me. ¦ '*:;
The record for fast mail between Valdes
and Circle City has been broken. Tho
carriers on that route made the -trip »n
Just sixteen days and sixteen hours, and
that in the dead of winter. The glacier
trail out of ¦ Valdes Is reported to be In
fine condition. Much prospecting is re
ported, to be going on In the Copper River
district."
SEATTLE, March 29.— The steamship
Elihu Thompson arrived this morning
from Valdes. Like the Excelsior, she dis
appointed those who were looking for
Nome mail. Captain Jones brings news
of a new city that has sprung up recently,
which is named Swanport. It is located
five miles south of > Valdes and has had
quite a boom of late. The Alaska Com
mercial Company and the Pacific Steam
Whaling Company have largo warehouses
there.
Is Already in Throes of
a Boom.
Swanport, the Miners Call It, and It
NEW TOWN STABTS
IN VALDES DISTRICT
TUCSON, Ariz.. March 29.— At' Las Gui
jas mining camp. In the Quljotoa Moun
tains, the Mexican miners, indulged In .a
"boracho" last night," which resulted in a
fatal shooting. Alejandro Gomez : was a
member of the crowd of drunken miners,
and when the crowd started out to "shoot
up'-' the camp Gomez went ¦ to his home
and obtained a shotgun. He thought that
the reports of the six-shooters did not
properly mark the enthusiasm the crowd
wished to express. Joining hla compan
ions Gomez swung the shotgun Into the
air. dlui.arging both barrels. One of the
charges struck Ventura Robledo in the
stomach, resulting in almost instant
death.
The hilarity which had reigned with
such fervor died out at once. The crowd
turned upon Gomez, and the murderer's
life was in danger for a time. Gomez's
friends hustled him off to a jackal in the
outskirts of the camp, where he was pro
tected until morning. The prisoner was
brought to Tucson this afternoon and
placed in the County Jail. >
Gomez claims the killing was purely ac
cidental, but as the murdered man had
many friends In the camp Gomez is not
likely to get off easily.
Companion and Is Threatened
With Lynching.
Intoxicated Man Accidentally Slays a
MEXICAN" JOLLIFICATION
ENDS IN A KILLING
• Wounded— Martin E. Keavey. thighs, se
vere; March 22, San Antonio, Luzon, Com
pany B, Forty-ninth Infantry. Maddie
Blackstock, wounded in hand, slight;
March 19, near Olongapo, Luzon, Com
pany .G. Forty-first Infantry, Hiram Yar
borough, face, slight; February 28. Tapaz,
Panay. Company D. Thirtieth Infantry,
Sergeant John Eplerio, wounded in leg
above knee, slight.
Killed— March 23, near Gadlerla, Luzon.
Company I, Twenty-first Infantry. Peter
A7 Peterson; near San .Antonio, Laguna,
Company A, Twenty-first Infantry, Mat
thew Migusik.
WASHINGTON. March 23.— General
MacArthur's latest casualty list from Ma
nila follows:'
lucky American Soldiers.
MacArthur Sends More Names of Un-
LATEST CASUALTY LIST.
present Trustees Short. Pierce and Browi
and State Superintendent Kirk. F. C.
Jacobs, the newly appointed trustee, took
his seat.
President Dailey rendered a lengthy re
port, recommending the changes that
were subsequently made. This showed a
total enrollment in all departments of 923
It was decided that in so far as possible
the admission requirements be change-!
so tat students to be admitted in future
be high school graduates, or those who
¦have done equivalent work, or teachers
with certificates to teach. Delegates io
the next meeting of the Joint Normrl
School boards were instructed to brlnij
about, if possible, such standard of ad
mission. The board decided In favor of
establishing a summer school of six
weeks, but action was deferred until tne
June meeting. The school's year was
changed to two terms of eighteen weeks
each.
President Dailey was Instructed to re
port at the June meeting the probable
cost of a physical training department for
the school. A department of domestic
science was recommended by the presi
dent and this probably will be establishe-i
in June.
Messrs. Short, Jacobs, Brown, Kirk and
President Dailey were selected a commit
tee to attend the joint board meeting at
Chlco next month.
SAN JOSE. March 29.— At the quarterly
meeting of the trustees of the State Nor
mal School here to-day steps were takea
which will place the school in the lead
of the Normal Institutions of California.
The principal changes are the placing of
the standard of admission on a high
school basis and the establishment of a
summer school for teachers. There were
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Trustees of San Jose Nor
mal School Make a
Change.
HIGH STANDARD
OF ADMISSION
INSURANCE MEN
GAIN A VICTORY
of the railroad stations on the line will be
torn down and replaced by pretty and at
tractive structures. The designs for these
new buildings are now being drawn in
the engineering department of the South
ern Pacific in this city under the super
vision of John D. Isaacs, chief draughts
man of the company. As soon as the
plans have been drawn In each case they
will be presented to Manager Kruttschnltt
Nevada'sValued Policy Law
Is Declared to Be
Invalid.
Efcertal Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON. Nev.. March 29.— The Gov
ernor and Secretary of State in examining
the Hardesty Insurance bill (the valued
policy law) found that the enrolled bill
lacks the necessary signatures to make it
valid. The bill was passed two years ago
and vetoed by the Governor. It was
brought up at the late session and passed
over his veto. It should have been signed
by the President of the Senate, the Speak
«?t- of the House and the clerks of both
houses, but instead it has only the signa
tures of members of the Legislature of
two v<*ars ago.
Secretary of State Howell refused to
recognize the bill as valid. He claims that
after passing over the Governor's veto it
should have been signed by the officers of
the Legislature, as specified in the consti
tution, but no such officers' names appear
upon it. Attorney General Woodburn up
holds the Secretary of State in his opin
ion. He has been asked for a written
opinion, which probably will be rendered
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON. March 29.— Postoffice
Department orders are as follows: Post
office established: California— Weed. Sis
klyou Ccunty, Abner Weed, Postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: Washington—
Warren E. Cole, Ahtanum; Thomas J.
Hunt. Granville. „ Appointed: Oregon —
Phebe Kindt, Kinton, Washington Coun
ty, vice Jo Kindt, resigned.
In army orders Captain William F.
James, assistant surgeon of volunteers,
now in San Francisco, is sent to Manila
for assignment to duty.
Pensions issued to-day were: Califor
nia: Original— Charles Knowlton, Sol
diers' Hcme. Los Angeles. $8. Increase-
Albert E. Hall, Long Beach. 5S: Jacob
Snider, Nordhoff. S10; Charles Hudson,
Garden Grove, $12. War with Spain—
Christopher Baumgartner, Oakland, $6.
Oregon: Original— Henry Geibel, La
fayette, JG.
Bids for the construction of a cabin pas
senger house at the San Francisco quar
antine station were opened here to-day,
viz.: A. T. Spcnce, Oakland, $13,400:
Richard McCann. San Francisco, $1C,934;
Richard Sinnot, $13,C34.
Death by Suffocation.
STOCKTON. March 29.— A man, evident
ly a laborer, giving the name of Croffltt.
as near as it could be spelled from his
pronunciation, suffered death by suffoca
tion last night in hl3 room in the Gari
baldi House, a small hotel at the corner
of Center and L«afayctte streets in this
city. When smoke was seen issuing from
his room this mornine the door was burst
In and the room found to be ablaze. The
fire was extinguished by a few buckets
of water and Croffltt was found dead upon
his bed, fully dressed.
£AN BERNARDINO. March t3.— The
toTin of Corona, twenty-three miles eouth
of this city, was terrorized last evening
by three drunken Mexican vaqueros. They
came from Rincon to draw their pay. and
before dark they were intoxicated and
boisrerous. Mounting three horses owned
by other people the trio rode through the
principal streets, discharging firearms
and throwing th*>ir lariats at every per
fon :...;. jaet. Pedestrians were friKiit
*:T>fd and sought" reru;je in tne stores.
Two women. Mrs. T. P. Drinkwater and
Miss Grace Shepherd, were lassoed while
crossing a street. The latter was dragreed
nearly «. block before she- was extricated.
The" C:ty Marshal, assisted by a crowd
of citizens, succeeded in landine the men
In jail after much difficulty. Threats of
lynching were made, but t^o far violence
Has not been resorted to. Sheriff Coburn
of Riverside left early this morning for
Corona.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Three Intoxicated Vaqueros
Take Possession of
the Town.
COWBOYS LASSO
CORONA WOMEN
ASiiVV railway station Is soon to be
erected at Hanford. The build-
Ing will be large and commodious
and a distinct Improvement upon
the present structure, which has
done duty for eo many years. A feature
of this new depot will be the neatly fitted
up waiting rooms.
TTork will be commenced on tiie depot
at once and -with its completion a number
and. meeting with his approval, they will
be ordered built at once.
When President Hays took the presl •
dency of the Southern Pacific Company
in his tour of Inspection he paid particular
attention to the railway stations. It Is said
that he was surprised that cleaner, larger
and handsomer buildings had not been
erected. On the conclusion of his trip on
arriving in this city he ordered that new
depots should be erected at a number of
the s=rr.a'!er towns.
THE NEW RAILWAY STATION SOON TO BE BUILT AT HANFORD IN PLACE OF THE OLD BUILDING. IT IS
ONE OF THE EXAMPLES OF THE PROGRESSIVE POLICY OF THE NEW PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC COMPAXT.
There Is no clew to the perpetrator of
the outrage and his object can only be
conjectured.
. The victim of the abduction was Vlvl
enne Gedge, daughter of Dr. Donald
Gedge of San Francisco, one of the best
known physicians in that city. The child
had started for school and while waiting
for a street car at the corner of Main and
Eleventh streets a man drove up In a
bugjry, alighted and threw a shawl . over
her head. He lifted her into the buggy,
bound her hands and gagged her and
drove rapidly toward the country road.
He stopped at a point near Vermont ave
nue and entered a clump of trees.
As soon as he was gone the child leaped
from the buggy, and, after she had run
half a mile, a young 1 man on a bicycle
released her hands and removed the gag.
She finally reached the terminus of the
University car line, and, boarding a car,
reached home In a highly excited condi
tion at about noon.
LOS AXGELES. March 29.-On a
crowded- street of Los Angeles, In broad
daylight, while many vehicles and pedes
trians and street cars were passing, a 13
year-old eirl was seized, bound and
gagged and carried away Into the country
by an abductor. ¦ Then, when the villain
thought escape Impossible, he left her by
the roadside for a moment and she, tak
ing advantage of his absence, made her
escape. K : '-ii-
Bound and Gagged, Vivlenne
Gedge Makes a Sensa
tional Escape.
First Result of a Policy President Hays Will Apply
to Many of the Railroad Towns.
Kidnaper Carries Off
a San Francisco
r\ * i
VAXX A*
STEALS CHILD
ON STREET OF
LOS ANGELES
FLINT REMAINS
IN TIE FIGHT
Does Not Intend to Give Up
District Attorneyship
Voluntarily.
Denies Senator Bard's Recent State
ment That He Has, Quit the
Contest in' Favor of L.
H. Valentine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 29.— The United
States District Attorneyship of Southern
California, which for weeks has been the
capital prize In the lottery of local poll
tics, Is asain at stake. War has broken
out afresh, with all its former flercenes3.
The so-called treaty of peace -which was
said a few days ago on the authority of
Senator Bard and former Assemblyman
L. H. Valentine to have been signed had
been abrogated.
Frank P. Flint has decided not to vol
untarily give up bis present billet after
next winter, when the United States ben
ate •was to have confirmed the nomina
tion of L. H. Valentine. Flint will re
main in the running: to the end or the
game. If he Is to be displaced. Senator
Bard will have to come out into the open
and oppose his reappolntment.
Flint says that he was never a party to
any formal deal by which he was to step
down and out next December or at any
other time, and he declares that he has
by tho contrary statement been placets, tn
a false light before the public.
"In reference to the appointment of
United States Attorney to succeed me. '
said Flint to-day. "I wish to say that I
did signify to Senator Perkins and Sen
ator Bard my desire to be reappolnted.
as an indorsement of my administration
of the office which I have held for four
years. Afterward I informed them both
that It was my Intention to retire at the
end of this /ear for the purpose of devot
ing my entire time to my private prac
tice. This intimation has been perverted
so as to place me in the position of en
tering Into an agreement to the effect
that I should retain the office for a cer
tain time, and I wa3 then to retire to
make way for my successor. This la not
a fact. I have entered into no such
; agreement, and I have written to botn
Senator Perkins and Senator Bard that
any suggestion that I may have made
that I would retire at the end of this
year is withdrawn, and that my applica
tion to succeed myself should be acted
upon regardless of any statement from
me as to the length of time I should re
tain the position.
"Senator Bard said to me. and to a
number of business men of this city who
called on him in ray behalf, that some
time previous to March 6 of this year he
had said to Senator Perkins and others
that mv conduct of the office of United
States Attorney had given general satis
faction and that he had decided to in
dorse me for reappolntment. On March
6 he received a telegram from a number
of State Senators who had vo"ted for him
for United States Senator requesting that
he recommend the appointment of L. H.
Valentine, and he then decided that ho
could not refuse this request, and deter
mined to recommend Mr. Valentine.
"I have requested Senator Bard to file
my indorsements with the Department of
Justice, and I am willing to submit the
matter of my reappolntment upon the rec
ord I have made In the office and upon,
said indorsements.
"I want to say positively that It Is my
desire that definite action be taken upon
this matter before April 8. the time of
the expiration of my term of office."
STORM IS DESTROYING
PKOPERTY IN TEXAS
Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars the
Loss in Dallas From the Snow
and Rain.
DALLAS. Tex., March 23.— A heavy rain
storm, accompanied by a high wind, pre
vailed here this afternoon. Tho wind dam
aged roofs and blew down shrubbery and
the precipitation was so heavy that it
formed torrents In the streets, whlcn
swept everything: before them. Streetcar
traffic was delayed and a. quarter of «»
mile of track In the southern portion of
the city had to be abandoned for the re
mainder of the day. The damage In
Dallas is estimated at $25,000.
OMAHA. Neb.. March 23.— Five Inchon
of snow has fallen since noon. The storm
covers the entire State and parts of Iowa,
extending north of Sioux City and we--t
to the "Wyoming: and Colorado lines. In
coming trains on the "Union Pacific were
three hours late and other railroads report
considerable dalay. In Omaha the street
car service Is badly hampered, especially
on the Council Bluffs lines, where it wa<
nearly suspended. The snow Is heavy
and is accompanied by wind. The temper
ature Is above the freezing mark.
Canton for Petaluma.
PETALUMA, March 23.— A canton "of
the military rank of Odd Fellowship will
be Instituted In this city. Last evenln?
Brigadier General H. O. Brower and Col
onel C. H. "Wever of Alameda addressed
a large party of patriarchs of the local
fraternity.
HANFORD WILL BE GIVEN
A NEW AND HANDSOME DEPOT
APOSTLE GEORGE CANNON
LIES, ILL IN MONTEREY
Mormon Church Leader Is Suffering From
Serious Nervous Prostration. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUUDAY V MARCH 30;i»0i:
GEORGE Q. CANNON. ONE OF THE THREE HIGH COUNCILORS OF
THE MORMON CHURCH, WHOSE ILLNESS. HIS PHYSICIANS AD
" MIT, HAS ASSUMED A CRITICAL TURN.
MONTEREY, March 23.— A i>etit!on aak
ing the County,' Board' of, Supervisors to
appoint J.B.HJckman of this city. to the
office of Horticultural Commissioner for
the Northern district of Monterey County,
vice \V. T. Gllkey, ; resigned, Is being cir
culated i here and is signed by nearly all
the Influential residents of the town. Mr.
Hickman is a botanist oj some note and
an expert horticulturist. ! He wai until
recently principal of the Monterey school."!.
3
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper-bound, is sent free on re-
ceipt of 21 one-cent stamps, to pay ex-
pense of mailing only ; or 31 stamps for
the took in doth binding. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
To cold and stormy weather opens the
way to an attack of bronchitis. The
man on the wagon, be he fanner, milk-
man or truckman, needs to pay special
heed to the f^t
will cure bronchi- ' r^*vCflOTr- j! fai
other conditions /*"^ {
which if neglected ' raKMlSffllft*
treated terminate a if *Tii5£gt^afci -
fatally in con- 3!>AJisJ§7i||*|w
There is no alco- I *jy*lA ffiSgSapiC'I'
hoi in the « Discov- I _^.^f^>fc*SM|gL
"For seven years I I xy^^\ \\ i •
had br:n troubled with I f f \\ I
what the doctors call- | /A \\ \\ I
ed bronchitis," writes ' .
Mr. Arthur Maule (general merchant), of Jfilcs-
town. Middlesex Co., Ontario. "A year ago. af-
ter I had been taken sick with a severe attack, X I
began taking your ! Golden Medical Discovery.'
I rapidly recovered from the attack and felt no
more of it that fall. Thl3 season I began taking \
the' Discovery* in August, and have »o far been
perfectly well. I can go out in aU kinds ot
weather and not feel the bronchial trouble at
all. Let me say to all who are suffering' from
such complaints to give Dr..Pieyce's Golden
Medical Discovery a fair trial, aad I am con-
vinced that good results will be obtained.**
Is z brain and nerve-food and restorative medicine that helps nature
reconstruct the wasted cells and tissues and restore
health. Try a bottle— NOW.
Sold by druggists on a guar&ntee. Ds. "m>t.p;« HediCjll Co., Elihart, Ind.
• 4 My wife was w worn-out and ncrrousfrom long suf-
fering that she was unable to get to sleep without the use
of opiates. Oar leading physicians here and several from
Indianapolis failed to give her any relief.. She was
induced to givo Dr. Miles' Nervine a trial and In a very
short time she was able to go to bed and sleep soundly at
Bight. 11 W. T. Lokowtth, Portland, Ind,
Badly nourished nerves are irritable and uneasy, so are nerves
that are overworked and worn-out The quiet and harmony oi tho
nerve-centers are gone; and every effort either of mind or body
increases the jarring and discord They cannot rest because they
are hungry; and the sleep that comes after a night of tossing,
brings neither rest nor strength. Feed tho nerves. > Nourish and
tone them up,, and wakeful nights will be a thing of the past Da.
Mtlto* Nervine is the best remedy for iwakefulness because it
makes strong nerves.
are gone; and every effort either of mind or body
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop the Cues of . Gonorrhoea. Gleets.
Strictures and analogous complaint*
. of tho Organs of Generation.
Price U a bottle. For sale by druggists.may not equal some former openings on
account of it falling on a Monday, it is
confidently expected that there will be
very little unflshed water in convenient
streams when the shades of night have
fallen on this the initial day of the sea
son.
Little can b« expected of the big streams
at this early stage, such as the McCloud.
Truckee and Sacramento rivers. How
ever, reports from these streams state the
season is fully a month In advance of last
year. If this be true these streams should
afford good fishing by the middle of the
month.
Colonel George Stone and party will go
ilowr 'to Boulder Creek and fish In its vi
cinity.
The San Francisco Fly Casting Club
will hold a meeting at Stow Lake this
and* to-morrow afternoon. The club la
making preparations to give. Its monthly
dinner on the. evening of April 9. The
president of the leading fly-casting club
of Michigan will be the guest of honor.
J:"B. Kenniff, C. R. Kennlff and Dr. O.
Levinson will go to Camp Taylor Sunday
and will fish there Monday and Tuesday.
C. H. Kewell. Charles Brandensteln and
James Watt will journey to Tocoloma and
angle for. trout.
Fred Bushnell. John Coleman et al. will
be among the first to try their luck.
California Baseball League Will Begin the Season With a Game
Between the San Francisco and Sacramento Teams.
Reports From the Game Wardens of Nearby Counties to the Fish Commissioners
Bespeak Favorable Conditions for an Auspicious -Season— Anglers' Movements.
ardent Anglers will whip the smaller streams
on monday, the opening of the fishing season
"PLAY BALL" WILL BE THE CRY OF THE
UMPIRE ON THE RECREATION DIAMOND
SPORTS: TRAP SHOOTING, BASEBALL, FISHING, COURSING,
The trap-shooting cvenl. on the programme for to-morrozo will be an opcn-to-all handicap live
bird shoot at [Ingleside, under the auspices of the Union Gun Club. It will be a six-bird race, high bird
to win; entrance fee, $i 50. A club shoot at twelve birds, will be also one of the events.
Trap-shooting, one of the most favored of the spring sports among the gunmen, is now well-under
way and will engage their interest and attention until the end of summer. U p to the present time some
closely contested races have bem on the programmes of the various trap-shootinc clubs. The above pic
. ... ¦'*-**¦¦ '¦• ' — . .
hires represent some of the most prominent trap-shooters , in this tity.
GROUP OF WELL-KNOWN LOCAL TRAP- SHOOTERS AT INGLESIDE TRAPS
LONDON. March 29.— The - Oxford and
Cambridge crews have finished their prac
tice. The weather was milder to-day and
both - crews: confined - themselves to • pad
dling with a couple of sharp bursts The
prospects for the annual boat-race to-mor-*
row are. fine weather and smooth water
bl CO tO C ? 8U d B ° f oplnlon favors the dark
OXFORD IS THE FAVORITE.
The committee appointed by the presi
dent of the California Cricket Associa
tion to prepare a schedule of matches for
the season of 1901 "consists of the captains
of last year's teams— R. B. Hogue of the
Alamedas, H. C. Casidy of the Pacifies
and Arthur DIckenson of the Californias.
As the California member of the schedule
committee has made no sign and no reply
has been'- received by the. secretary of the
association to' a' letter addressed to the
secretary of the Californias the schedule
committee will -make up a list of matches
between the s Alameda, Pacific. Sacra
mento-and Santa Cruz , Cricket clubs for
the pennant. ; If the Californias, should
find- themselves able to put a team into
the. tield-open dates can be' utilized,' for
matches between it and the other elevens.
The Burns Valley Cricket Club of Lake
County recently held its annual meeting,
at which tho following officers were elect
ed: . G. R.< Webber,.president;R..Keat
lnge and W.:B.^Rawson, vice presidents;
C.JU. Enderby, captain;- T."\Vf Beakbane,
secretary and treasurer; H. P.. H.'-iHag
.eHt and W. S.- 1 Bay ton, ; members of com
mittee; Rowland -B. Brown; caterer. The
delegates to the California Cricket - Asso
ciatlsn are T..W.-> Beakbane and H.-.P. H.
HagcHt.v The Burns Valley Cricket Club
writes that it will be much pleased .to en
tertain * a. team of cricketers T from- San
Francisco' at' any time, the;. date*- to be
flxedto euit^the city players,, and to be
inserted on the schedule or not, ¦ as may
eeem best. ,
H. II. Cookson, formerly well known In
connection with the Bohemian and . Cali
fornia Cricket clubs, who was in • British
Columbia last season, has returned to this
city.. 'AV bile at Victoria he coached the
youthful cricketer* . of the collegiate
school.
. AMONG THE CRICKETERS.
- v. In ¦„• the • winners* class Dr. Washington
Dodge offers a silver cud for the best dog
and '¦ B. Courtney >: Ford : one ¦ f or j. the ;¦ best
bitch. Besides these. Albert Joseph, the
owner, of Bloombury .Baron," offers a silver
cup for the ; best < one of « the ; Baron's ¦ eet.'
> There : Is great interest being,; shown : by
the fanciers of this breed .and' there! will
be the keenest rivalry/ for the above tro
phies. •. ¦. ¦ - ; ¦ ¦¦-¦' "•: -¦¦¦-• -•,':¦¦;-'."•¦. - '•. :...¦..;-;.
The selection of J. J." Lynn of Michigan
as i judge . of the : bull ;. terriers,- has ;glven
eminent :, satisfaction : to ; tno ¦: members J of
thedub.'as Mr. Lvnn;has long been re
garded as; an expert on, the breed. ..¦".¦;* ¦-.'¦'
The Pacific Bull Terrier Club has decid-'
ed to offer, the following special prizes for
competition, among. Its members at tho.
forthcoming; bench show to bo given by
the San - Francisco Kennel Club at Me
chanics' Pavilion Mav 8 to 11/* Inclusive:
A" sliver trophy. for tho .best dogr pupDj"
and also ¦ for the best - bitch ; puppy : , a sll -
ver- trophy -'for: the ; best novice dog- and
also for ' the best' novice ' bitch: a silver
trophy for the best limit dog and also for
the; best: limit : bitch;-- a "silver < trophy < for
the best open'dog ; and also for. the.b^st
open Mt rh "T*grott3fr™TW(]M iilUmr fiiwiMMJMgtt)
On Monday next the San Francisco Ken
nel Club will open , its office at . 14 Pos:
street and . will be in readiness to receive
entries for the show, which will commence
at Mechanics' Pavilion on May 8. The p:e
mium. lists, will be issued on the opening
day and the list of handsome and valuable
trophies offered by the Enthusiastic mem
bers of the club is a lonir'one. These are,
of course, in addition to the reeular cash
prizes. Dr. F. .W. ' d'Evelyn has ' offered
one . of the finest silver cups for the best
kennel of fox terriers and Albert Josephs
is doing the same for bull terriers. Theso
specials are expected to brlrip ' out ; the
keenest competition. '.No pedigree Is need
ed to show a dog and when onco ; beforo
the Judge [ the ' dog "stands* ! entirely , on Its
own. merits. '.¦£$$!&,
KENNEL BABKINGS.
Next Saturday. April 6, the . class VA*'
match between teams of the <San Fran- '
risco and Oakland golf clubs will " begin
at 2 p. m. on- the -Presidio links. This Is
ih<» first half, of; the ;..thirjty-slx ;
hole match between the'best' teams of the,
ttro clubs; each team consisting of eight
men. The second half of the match will
he played on the links at Point Adams on
Saturday, April 13. •
In the recent putting contest between
men and women of the Oakland Golf Club
tlse following eight composed the women's
team: Mrs. Le Grande Cannon Tibbetts.
Miss Whitney, Mrs. W. P. Johnson. Mrs.
H. H. Bherwood, Miss M. Ueane, Mrs. P.
Though there is a good attendance of
colfers at the Presidio links on Saturday
afternoons end Sundays, interest In the
scheduled tournaments seems to have de
clined considerably. The fourth competi
tion for the Council's cup for men, the
qualifying round of which was played on'
March 2. Is still dragging its slow length.
It is possible, however, that the second or
semi-final round may be played out .to
day. In this round J. W. Byrne is matched
against H. C. Breeden and H. C. Golcher
egainst the winner of the Tevls-Page
match. J. W. Byrne and H. C. Golcher
will probably be In the final round, and a
close contest should ensue.
The round-robin tournament among the
men of the San Francisco Golf Club. In
which each of the twelve players taking
part was to play an eighteen-hole match
against tach of the' remaining eleven.'
seems to have been almost forgotten. .. Of.
the sixty-six matches, required to com
plete the tournament not a score have
been played.
This afternoon, beginning, at -2 ¦ o'clock,
there may be a contest for the Captain's
cup. presented as a perpetual trophy by
Orestes -Pierce, on the links of the Oak-'
land Golf Clnb. The strongest candidates
for the honor, of having their names and
scores inscribed upon the handsome silver
rup are.W.<P. Johnson. E. R. Folger. C.
P. Hubbard and P. E. Bowles Jr. The last
named, son oj P.' E. Bowles, vice captain
of the Oakland Golf Club.'- is about 17
years of age and is regarded by the. Ala-r
meda County golfer^ as a youthful pne-
Neglect Contests for Frizes.
¦ Link Events Scheduled for
the Coming Few Weeks
LOCAL GOLFERS
LACK INTEREST
IN TOURNAMENTS
At present the most talked of and the
most important event in tennis circles Is
the intercollegiate championship tourna
ment which will be played on April 20 at
the California Club courts. It was th»
Intention of the tennis managers to hold
the matches at Berkeley, but as there Is
but one court there the idea was imprac
ticable.
A round robin tournament Is In prog
ress at Berkeley. In which Paul Selby
has beaten all of tho other four contest
ants and has thereby won a place on the :
singles team as well as the doubles. Selbv
deieated Drummond McGavin. Fred
Brown. Baker and Dibert. He had some
trouble beating McGavin, with whom it
wa . 3 ,?i c S? sary t0 P la y tno fu » five sets.
but he* disposed of the other three con
testants rather easily. But one other
match has been played, that between
Drummond McGavin and Fred Brown.
This was a most stubborn contest and
with two sets to the credit of each Mc-
Gavin finally won the deciding set, 10-8.
Reuben Hunt. California's strongest
player, has expressed his intention of tak
ing no part in the intercollegiate contests,
owing to a lack of time. Heretofore It
has been customary for three men to rep
resent each college, but with Hunt out of
It California will probably be represented
In both singles and doubles by Selby and
McGavin.
Collier and Crowell played a match on
Saturday at Stanford with Weihe and
Adams and one at Menlo on Sunday. The
ponies won on their own courts, but were
beaten at Menlo. Adams and Weihe hava
always been considered a stronger team
than their opponents, and the fact that
they only broke even with them shows
that, they will have to do considerable
practicing to beat the University of Cali
fornia doubles team-.
In the singles Weihe should have little
trouble in winnine his match, but th«
other singles event will probably be won
by California, and thus the doubles will
be tho deciding event.
There will be a straight handicap sin
gles tournament on the local courts to
morrow. On Tuesday a tournament for
the. ladles* championship of Alameda
County and the GutteCup will be held
at Alameda. There is some doubt aa to
whether Miss Hunter or Mrs. Haslett Is
the present champion, and this question
will be decided on Tuesday," as both of th»
ladles will play. ,
At Berkeley and at Palo Alto
Representative Teams Are
Training for the Contests
COLLEGE TENNIS
THE COURT EVENT
FOR NEXT MONTH
Last Saturday James Melville, the pro
fessional at Del Monte, played on- the
Oakland links, beating Horace Rawllns
one up over eighteen holes. On Sunday
Melville visited the Presidio course, where
he played tgalnst Robert Johnstone, the
Son Frar.cisi-o professional, who beat the
visitor three up two to play over eighteen
holes. Though a strong breeze was blow
ing Johnstone made the two rounds in 40,
40, total 80. while Melville's score for the
eighteen holes was 84. Horace Rawlins
will leave Oakland early next month for
Jefferson, N. H., where he will be with
the Waumbek Golf Club for the summer.
His brother Harry will stay : with the
Point Adams golfers.
E. Bowles, Miss Palmer and Mrs. F._E.
Mapee. The men's team was made up of
P. E. Bowles Sr.. P. E. Bowles Jr.. H. M.
A. Miller. T. R. Hutchinson, R. M. Fitz
gerald, K. R. Folger, Arthur Goodall and
W. P., Johnson. Each contestant putted
two balls on nine greens, the men win
ning with a total score/of 369. aglnst 38S
for the ladies. The lowest score was E.
R. Folger's, 39, R. M. Fitzgerald making
the eighteen holes in 43 and P. E. Bowles
Jr. in -45. The best score for the ladles
was Mrs. H. H. Sherwood's, 43.
Though • the cominsr week will be the
annual Easter vacation searon Coach
Murphy will keep his men together and
busy himself with putting the finishing
touches upon them for the first same o*
the intercollegiate series, which tak«s
place on the Berkeley campus on Satur
day, April 6.
• In this match Stanford will be stronger
In the pitcher's box than most people ex
pect who Judge of Parker's and Bennett's
work • by what; they saw. in the earlier
games. Though neithers can be called an
expert, both have made wonderful devel
opment in the manner of control and aro
able -to keep their, hits scattered. With
good support they should pitch a stead v
game. In fielding their positions they are
equally capable.
Since the last shake-uD the varsity ball
team has put up a better exhibition of the
national same. Errors are fewer, while
the hitting 1 is heavier and better placed.
Murphy has set the Dace for his less
skilled. companions in the matter of base
stealing and sliding, with the. result that
a number of stolen bass are credited to
the more clever runners. Traeger, the bijr
varsity tackle of football fame. Is con
ducting himself with credit on the initial
bag. while his ability wi'.h the stick ha3
noticeably strengthened the scoring quali
ties of the team. '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 29.—
The athletes of Stanford are reaching
their best physical condition and what
time is left for training: will hereafter be
given to the attainment of form in the
various field and track events. The try
out field day held ¦ this morning; showed
some good material among the new men,
while the varsity men come up to expect
ations/Henley's work is of such a sort
that he can always be depended upon. Tbc
fact that he had no cne to push him to
his best accounts for records not beivig
better. In the distances and sprints Stan
ford will be much stronger than last year,
as is also the case in -the weights and
hurdles, though comparatively weak in
the latter event.'**»Sfcrf
The men have been worked steadily and
several complain of staleness. To over
come a possibility of overtraining some
of the men will easa in their practice.
hind the bat before the first meet with
Stanford. His position is being filled by
Phelan, a new man, and by Barker.
Freshman Phelan is a. stronr batter and
may develop into a good glove holder.
Barker is familiar with, the position be
hind the bat and is a strong ihrotver. At
the bat he is weak and his base-ninnlne
is' slow. Adams is coming 1 up in practice
and may give King a close rub for the
second- bag. The other positions in the
team remain unchanged.
The secretary of the California Coursing
Committee haa compiled a list of all grey
hounds registered since July 1, 1900, with
the names of their last owners. . Copies
in. printed form and a weekly list of reg
istrations will be sent to t all clubs, parks
and associations under the Jurisdiction of
the California . Coursing Committee. If
the name of any dog not on the list or in
any : previous volume of the studbookap-;
pears on any official programme or score
card of any park the committee will im
pose a heavy penalty. This rule will pre
vent the running of outlawed or unregis
tered hounds wherever the California
Committee has- a voice, making its sys
tem of registration without defect. ' .'
G. Walters, ' one of the officers of the
steamship ; Sonoma, has brought from
Australia The Chief, a large fawn dog,
weighing slxty-ilve pounds. He is by
Lamberskat, out of : Quiver. Little is
known on this side of his qualifications as.
a courser, but the usual "wait till you'
see him go" reputation . accompanies him
and keeps the. local leash men guessing.
The dog will be left here In charge of a
competent trainer and will bejready in
two .weeks for a chance in the stakes.'
The Ingleside Coursing Club held- its
annual meeting last Sunday at Vallejo.
Russell Allen's Hosie Clair and Daisy
Clair divided the stake. Andy Dean, who
was down on the bills ' as Judge of ; the
meeting, missed the train and did not ap
pear. His place was filled by P. J. Rellly,
who, when his own dogs were slipped,
stepped down and out in favor of, John
Grace Jr. ' .
A bad feature of the meeting was . the
disgraceful performance of Pasha Queen,
whose work has furnished considerable
gossip in coursing circles. The field stew
ards suspended the ¦ kennels < of J. -.I.*
O'Brien In consequence, until further In
vestigation. Pasha Queen- had -beaten
Montana Jack, Loughneagh and -Honesty.
In the fourth, against , Rosle ; Clair,. she
staggered and fell repeatedly, and- It was
evident that some stimulant stronger than
beef tea -had been administered to the
hound.' According tOi a -late: rule* witch
hazel Is allowed as a rub and; beef tea as
a stimulant. The finding of any, other rub
or stimulant in. the kennel or on the per
son of n licensed trainer, subjects him to
being ' ruled ¦ off - for life. .If . the rule -is
strictly enforced it looks bad for the ken
nel. . The general * opinion is -that the
courser was overdosed with whisky. ¦¦--•'¦ .
¦ Homer ¦ ¦ Boy , certainly did i remarkably
fine in last week's event, and it
Is hoped that the, cleverness; and speed
displayed by : the youngster . was a fore
runner of what he will do as' he gets
Action of California Coursing
Committee Which Will Force
Registration or s Penalties
OPEN STAKE AND
ANOTHER SAPLING
FOR UNION PARK
BERKELEY, March 29.— The Univer
sity of California athletes will hold their
annual interclass day to-morrow after
noon on the. cinder path for Individual
college championships. ' There will be
some exciting races and efforts will be
made to lower a few records.
Service will try to cut off some of the
seconds on the collese' one-mile run rec
ord of 4 :3S 1-5. held by E. J. Brown. His
condition is splendid and men -who havo
seen him at work believe he wMsucceed.
Track Captain Walsh looks for Service to
establish a new. record and win the gold
medal offered ¦ by James Elliott " of the
Olympic Club for anv one who would
lower the present time. Walsh himself
will probably be sent out by Trainer
Christie to cut off a fow superfluous sec
onds of ' his . mile walk ; ; record.' I His time
of 7:24 has not been beaten by either col
lege and if lowered this year must be dona
by himself. , .
."One of the prettiest races of the day
will be the 100-yard dash. Cadojsran will
win, but there are five men : of almost
equal merit for second Dlace. The times
of four of them -at least are practically
the same and theman who follows Cado
gan past the tap© la yet unpicked.- . The
men for second place are Squires, Hussey,
Brown,. Townsend" and Lldga. '
¦-Clifford; -: Pede will and Gustaf son . are
likely men for second . place in the mile
run. Bailey, ¦ oh account of , illness, will
not compete. ' Gustaf son has been in prac
tice but a few. days, but Is showing:. good
form -; and ' remarkable staying 'powers.
Cadogan will get the 220-dash and Squires
the 440. Hamlln,' if he is in good condi
tion, ought to win . the ' 120 hurdles. Hia
baseball c practice has' kept him -off . the
track . and he ¦ may be pressed hard for
flrsr place by neither Powell or Cheek.
' Of the freshmen who are developing into
good material Cheek is -one of'the most
promising. . Hels~taking. the hurdles m
fine 'style and is;doimr good work in tho
high jump: In -the low hurdles Powell will
probably not enter and the event will be
left' to Cheek. . . . :
•iTho high Jump will be closely* contested
among Powell, Cheek and Cooley. Hus
sey, who "Is going " to make a record - for
himself some. day cIosg. at hand," will win
the broad: jump. Topham of the medical
college is the probable second.
i. After X the field day Saturday a number
of, the men; will-be allowed to rest -so
that they^may not become stale. .The men
are in good condition now and it would be
easy to overtrain I In in .UlMlMJJpt
¦ .The baseball; nine has been handicapped
by; the temporary .loss ; of ,W. W. • Smith
the" catcher. vHls foot* was slightly In
jured recently,: and blood • poisoning ' has
set In. No permanent injury is feared and
Smith/hopes to be off hls!crutches and be-
Candidates for Baseball and
Field Honors al Palo Alto
and Berkeley Hard at Work
CLASS FIELD DAY
FOR CALIFORNIA,
TRACK ATHLETES
Union Park presents for its weekly
meeting a card which would be hard in
deed to excel. A glance at the list shows
a great bunch of performers. Palo Alto
is. as usual, first choice for the stake.
With Hot Haste and Roman Athlete at
the top of'the card, Santonnl. Luxor and
Rural Artist at the bottom, the stake sug
gests some close going. Worship, winner
of last week's stake, is in again, but fig
ures to meet fast company in his early
courses.' If Santonin can- repeat his work
of a week ago he will make a bold bid for
the last flag in this event. Wapsee, on
past record, looks the class of the sapling
stake. Qeary's Hughie-Bonnie Lass litter
have shewn more speed to • the hare,
though they are poor workers.
older. It, is seldom that a dog of such
little experience has been able to reach
so well along in the running against older
opponents. Homer Boy led everything
until near the close of the day, when he
was put out by Slsquoc. He is the only
one of the St. Clalr-Gilder litter that has
shown any speed.
George Sharman has Fine Fire in this
week's stake. It is expected that in the
near future this courser will show its
best - form under the change. Sharman
will brinp out whatever good quality the
runner possesses.
THE SAN FRAKC1SCO XJAlLL^ SATURDAY, MARCH 30, 1901.
San Lorenzo and Boulder Creek— were
never more promising. -He eaya the laws
have been strictly enforced and that the
streams are in excellent condition. Simi
lar reports come from Santa Clara, Marin,
Sonoma and Napa counties, as well as
from the game wardens of ~Alameda Coun
ty, ¦who write, that! the "San Lorenzo and
Its tributaries are ripe '. for' a- whipping.
Probably more- anglers will go to the
Lagunitas and Paper Mill, In Marin Coun
ty, than any nearby streams because . of
their -accessibility and- reputation for be
ing the best early streams to be found on
the coast.
While the crowd on- the opening: day
Shortstop Devereaux
Holland. ....Left field McLaughlin
Hildebrand........ Center field... ....AlcCabo
Schwartz.......... Right field
generated and developed by a decade or
two of baseball vicissitudes, Henry Har
ris announces from the platform that he
will have a brave and stanch nine for
Sunday's game. Rellly will probably play
third base in Radcliffe's place. The short
has not yet been chosen. The personnel
of the Sacramento and local teams is:
San Francisco... Position...^..".. Sacramento.
Graham Catcher • Stanley
Iburjr, Whalen . Harper or
or Fitspatrlck.. Pitcher .Stricklet
Pabst (cart.) First base....Hanlon (capt.)
Krug Second base Courtney
Third base Sheehan
FOR four months the email boy in
the neighborhood of Eighth and
Harrison streets has forgot all
about those $1 25 balls knocked
over* the fence, and this peaceful
locality south of the "slot" has been free
from fierce juvenile brawls. The "gang"
will congregate to-morrow to usher in the
baseball Feason and swipe a few of those
over-the-fencers, for it will be the open
ing day and over-the-fencers are sure to
come every other minute.
Sacramento and San Francisco will
start the ball rolling in this city; Ix>s
Angeles end Oakland in Los Angeles. In
an out-oi'-town lot in the capital city the
toga wearers of 1901 have .been training
for the initial performance, and the re
ports that float cityward ought to give
Henry Harris, who Is the man at the local
wheel, something of a heartache. Harris*
men have not been neglectful of time, cir
cumstance or place, but then some male
factor or ill-wisher has poured out more
than a cup of sorrow to Henry himself.
Two of his choice baseball morsels, the
third baseman and the shortstop, were
told that Ban Francisco is a city in which
the plague could make a home run or two
whenever it wished. So they displayed
frigid soles ana wired that their mammas
wanted them at home. This will leave the
local team crippled, but with a. fortitude
fishing season will open on
I Monday. 'April' 1, and the devotees
I of this sport, who have been long-
UL ing for the opening: day ever since
the season closed on November 1,
will hie themselves with rod and reel to
stream and lake. The conditions affecting
the coast streams are all that a most ar
dent angler could desire at, this time of
the year, and If It does not rain between
now and Monday baskets filled with
speckled beauties should be brought back
to town."'.
Fish and Game Warden Welch of. Santa
Cruz has written to friends In the city
that the conditions In his section— on the
4Greggains Man Fights Like a Whirlwind, Taking the Aggressive
From Start to Finish— Fast Pace Told on Australian,
THURSTON GETS THE DECISION OVER
CRIBB AFTER TORRID FISTIC WORK
GOLF, TENNIS, RACING, BOXING AND ATHLETICS : SPORTS
¦There, are 'between ; -250.0CO ' and 300,000
pounds 'of ; garlic " annually, ; consumed j. by.
Italians.*: French i anJ3 other ; foreign : resl-"
dentsof the United States.
All . buildings " belonging - to the Chinese
Emperor « are ; : yellow, and ; i t - is al capital
offense* for any.; private - person ' to use
that color. .;;#•.'.; '¦•:'~ : "- 1 'f^S^^SBmBM
VIOLATED FISH LAWS.-O01 Augustine, a
ftrh peddler, wu convicted by Judge Mogao
yesterday on the charge of violating the fleh
laws by having in his possession sturgeon lees
than three fe*t In length. He was fined J20.
«-itb the alternative or CO d*y» la the County
Nburalali the Victor.
BOSTON,; March : 29.— Nouralah, the
Turk, proved ! more: than a match > for: the
two- 5 heavyweight wrestjers— Lundin, 1 the
Swedish i champion,"- and ' John Smith = of
Brooklyn,?' N: Y.— to-night., sHe * threw
Smith,* Graeco-Roman ; style, in i four .min
utes! and i twenty-four ; seconds, land - Lun
• din,; catch-as-catch-can, - in four - minutes
forty-eight -seconds. :••.
* LOUISVILLE ?'i March'29.— Tommy West
of •.' Brooklyn v was" 'knocked out to
night, , by; :' ; Hart of,. Brook
lyn in ;.:.'• the sixteenth ' , round .ot.-Ja
twenty-round ;' bout . West . , was the ¦ favor
ite-'in ;the 'betting, 1^ but it! was seen. early
In the fight '¦ that ¦ Hart was * the , Brooklyn
man's - match.'; Frfcm the start : the * fight
was vicious and; bloody. : In tho thirteenth
"round - West';- showed his weakness, ? and
from then to the end Hart hammered him
to ; the • canvas • time ¦ and » again. ; knocking
him down almost at, will/ ! West hung on,
however," until ; it < was j no longer ; possible
to stand." and was counted out by Referee
Tim Hurst. v Hart weighed 165 pounds and
west . i58:;»^s^^epwVH8HBiBBsVHSM
Hart ; Defeats , West.
Overture, orchestra: heralding of Carnival by
King of Fun, S. F. Wall; phastasmagorlc
rerambulatlone. led by Charles Merz; scarf
drill, boys" class: tumbling brother act. Redl-
K&n and Hewer; "horizontal bar. Baker,
Strauss. Fleischer, Gleason. Hutcherson . and
Jlerz: banjo, mandolin and guitar club, di
rected by Professor Charter F. Graeber; dumb-'
bell drill, men's class ; impersonations. George
BUI; parallel ' bars, men's class; electric club
swinging. Arthur H. Voigt: burlesque : acro
batics, Gleaaon and O'Brien; ground pyramids.
men's class; rpringboard leaping- by members.
Following is the programme:
The "gymnastic carnival" In the gym
nasium of the Toung Men's Christian As
sociation last night attracted a large
crowd. Considerable merriment was
created by the antics of the members, who
did "clownish deeds" and the skill dis
played by the other 1 performers brought
great applause. A special feature was
the high "horee-Jumping" of Mr. Wilson.
ATHLETES SHOW TALENT.
The; first game of the League of the
Cross ¦ Cadet Baseball League- will -be
played on >• Sunday, April 6,- at • Sixteenth
and Folsom streets grounds, between Com
panies D and . N, at 10 a: m. , and Com
panies I and) L at 2:30 p. m. The officers
of the baseball league, are: M. Thligen,'
president; James Toohey.%, vice president;
Thomas iFallon, treasurer,' and -Benjamin
Crawford, secretary. The following eight
companies ' will : be » represented .; by teams :
B, C, D. G, H, I.: L] and. N., A handsome
trophy.wlllibe given by. the officers of the
League of the, Cross Cadets. --;. ."; - ; - ---; ..-•.¦¦
At - Recreation grounds this afternoon
the ! Fireman's " Fund nine will meet Stan
ford. They will line up: /
Fireman's Fund. Position. Stanford.
Moskitnan :v...... . Pitcher Parker
Hammond, , W. ... Catcher Ball
Dtinlevy .....First base Cowdcn
Colds worthy or -
Collins.......;.-. Second base... ......... Misner
Webber Third •' base. 7. . . .Connor
Krus Shortstop. . .......... Edward"
.Butler / L«ef t Held : .... . . . . .'.Lowenthal
Van'Haltren ..;. Center Held.. ...... ...Murphy
Hammond. .. . . . . . . Right field . . . ........ .Traeger
OTHER BASEBALL GAMES.
L. Levy and H. H. Llssner vs. W. H.
Sieberst and J. J. Kavanaugh; D. Regan
and J. Kirby vs. E. Barry and J. Foley;
G. B. Ha ywood and W. Fisher vs. P.
Ryan and M. Joyce; A. M. VIckerand T.
Leach vs. J. Condon and T. Lydon; -M.
Dillon and D. Connelly vs. M. Walsh ana
E. Maloney; T. Serres and J. Glynn vs. E.
White and Ed White; M. M. McDonald
and M. McNeil vs. P. McKInnon and G.
McDonald; J. White and R. Murphy vs. J.
Collins and W. Magulre; J. C. Nealon and
R. Llnehan vs. A. Hampton and M. J. Kil
gallcn.
The following games will be played' at
the San Francisco handball court to-mor
row:
The winners will play the winners and
the losers the. losers until the finals are
reached, which will be a series. All
games are for fifty-one points and must
be played according to the schedule or
forfeited.
A. J. Frits and M. Breen; J. Gleason and
L. Levy; P. Newman and A. Pockwitz; R.
Bowman and T. Curley; John Mallon and
John Ta.it; 11 r. Cartwright and L. V.
Stair; Nat Hewson and A. Duffy; Wil
liam Kennedy and O. Crable; H. Russ and
T. F. Kennedy; J. K. Burke and Gus
Ebner: G. Ransom and M. Rosenfleld, al
lowed 12 points; J. Johnson and T. Powers,
allowed 15 points; C. Melrose and T.
Slevin. allowed 12 points: J. Cunningham
and F. I. Fltzpatrick, allowed 12 points;
R. Cornell and F. Wegner, allowed 20
points; E. Shorthall and John Bockman,
allowed 15 points; M. Green and H.
Meagher. allowed 15 points; W. Cavan
augh and R. J. Forbes, allowed 15 points.
The entries for the Olympic Club
doubles handball tournament, which will
begin to-morrow and continue on Monday,
Wednesday and Friday evenings, are as
follows: .':.'¦
HANDBALL TOURNAMENT.
The rowing clubs ; on ,- Long Wharf ; are
putting their boathouses," floats and. boats
into. repair. TheArlels are painting and
cleaning, up ; their, house.; which 1 , they, ex
pect to, occupy ' during - the : present ; year. 1
No permanent site for a boathouse has yet
been granted by; the Harbor Commission-,
ers to any of the city rowing clubs. ., There
is a possibility that the Columbia: Club
may lose its boathouse on Sessions Basin,
as the owners of the property are talking
of erecting wharves there. '
S. J. Pembroke, who, during his resi
dence in Sap Francisco devoted so much
attention and time to local rowing, has re
turned to this city after a visit to Cape
Nome and a stay in Seattle. He may re
turn to Nome this summer. While in
Seattle he coached the oarsmen of the
University of Washington, whom he found
to be strong and heavy, but somewhat
slow. • He says that the -s University, of
California Boat Club is having two four
oared sheila built at Cornell and will do
all in its power to bring about a contest
with the University of Washington. ,If S.
J. Pembroke returns to Seattle he will
coach the Washingtonlans and the contest
will be almost certain to take place. ".
The University of California Boat Club
will hold an interclass regatta next
month. A dozen or more students were
out on Sunday afternoon and a larger
number in the morning." . J. W. Goodwin
is coaching the Berkeley boys and is mak
ing strenuous efforts -to establish rowing
as a recognized college sport. -
The Olympic Boat Club is showing signs
of renewed ., life, having recently elected
the following officers: Charles Lelghton,
president: F. Rogers, vice president; John
R. Bockman, secretary and treasured;
George James. . captain ; > Charles i Melrose,
Thomas Meherin and J.H.Dawson, mem
bers of the board of governors.', It is pro
posed, to form a stock company and to get
a . new clubhouse, t either * on a the $ present
site at Tiburon ' or . on ' Richardsons s Bay.
The directors have sold: the four-oared
shell fprmerly owned by, the club and will
purchase some -outrlgged P .skiffs t and
whitehalls for, the use of the members.., ;
The Dolphin Boating Club is the only
one of the local rowing clubs that is dis
playing any activity at present. Last
Sunday thlrty-flve members witnessed the
launching of the new outrlgged skiff,
which was christened "Yankee' by Cap
tain W. O. Patch. At 1:30 p. mi the
oarsmen sat down to an Italian dinner at
a restaurant near Meiggs wharf, at which
there were speeches, toasts and a song by
"Judge" Keogh in honor of the new craft.
The skiff is very shallow, sits low In the
water and is rigged , low. - A. W. Pape,
after trial, said that she is very light, fast
and quick on the turn, but must be rigged
higher for the rough water of the bay.
After dinner the afternoon was spent on
the bay till 7 p. m., the junior crew going
out in the \ barge end Dr. P. R. , Axton,
Stanley Aderly, A. W. Pape and George
Baker in shells.
WITH THE OARSMEN.
TRACEY AFTER THURSTON.
Al Smith, who Is the manager of Tom
my Tracey, has deposited $50 with- the
sporting editor of The Call for a match
between Tracey and Thurston for $500 a
side. Smith will match TTacey with any
fighter under 14(1 pounds for $500. The de
posit money will • remain for ten days.
The fight became gentler in spots aftor
this, Cribb evidently waiting for a finish
ing blow with his right. He used his
straight left and shot hl3 right In on
Thurston on more than one occas!on, but
the Flying Dutchman failed to weaken
fight took on its old pace in the seventh,
both men getting a chance to do damag
ing work. First it was 'Cribb and then
Thurston. At the wind-up Thurston was
butting his head into Cribb's right and
left, but the Australian was In no condi
tion to end the milling with a knockout
punch.
With all th© light and shade of heavy
glove work the light advanced round by
round, until the thirteenth, when some
thing occurred which pulled the crowd
right out of the chairs and gave brave
Captain Wlttman a chance to show him
self. In a mlx-up Cribb undoubtedly hit
Thurston lower than the rules allow.
Thurston winced and backer away, claim
ing a foul. Alec Greggalns was up at tho
rope-i yelling for Referee Phil Wand to
stop the fight and declare his man the
¦winner. The spectators, shouting and
hissing, were equally excited, but all the
time Thurston continued his recessional
dance and protected himself from Cribb.
Then maddened and fierce he let loose, his
pain seemingly disappearing as If it had
been • passed through a sieve. When the
gong sounded Thurston was again the
aggressor and Cribb was walking back
ward. Then it was that Captain ¦Witt
ma n arose and said to the referee that
Cribb should be counseled against foul
fighting. Cribb was none too clean In his
work.
sufficiently for the reception -of. a knock
out blow, Cribb wms clearly tired * out
when the gong sounded at the close of th«j
fight and Thurston not. so gingery, but
still aggressive. • „ >
The preliminaries were short affairs.
Denny Mahoney was satisfied with one
round and a half of thumping from the
gloves of Kid McFadden. The Kid re
peatedly knocked Mahoney down, but it
was not the force <^f the blows so much
as Mahoney's weakness. Mahoney was
clearly outclassed. In the second round lie
was so completely hors de combat that
Referee Phil Wand stopped the fight, pro
claiming McFadden the winner.
Tommy Cox found "that vulnerable
spot" on Jack Granfield's chin when the
second round was naif finished and Gran
field fell on his face. He remained just
that way for more than ten seconds and
was then packed to his corner by sur
prised seconds. Everything up to that
point had been progressing smoothly, both
men fighting earnestly and dividing the
honors. Then Cox scored the blow that
ended it all— a right jolt on Granfield's
chin.
SOME OF THE SIDE LIGHTS AT THE CRIBB-THURSTON FIGHT AT
THE MECHANICS' PAVILIOX LAST NIGHT. THE FIGHT WENT
THE FULL TWENTY ROUNDS. ; >V in-
A biff race m»«t will be held on the
three-lap cement tr^ck at San Jose to
morrow under the management of Floyd
McP'arland. Besides McFarland. Tom
Onoper of Detroit, the cracto Eastern
rider, will appear, together with Downing,
I^awson, Leke and all tne other star pro
fessionals wlio have oeen wintering in Los
Angeles. There will also be several ama
teur events and as this is the first me»t
that has been held hereabouts for over p.
year a cood deal of interest is manifested
in It.
Both the Olympic Cl'Jb Wheelmen and
the Bay City Wheelmen will hold ten
mile try-outs over the San Leandxo course
to-morrow, for which individual prizes are
offered. There will oe about twenty con
testants in each event.
The Bay City Wheelmen held a success »
ful run to Camp Taylor last Sunday under
<"aptain A. E. J. Kye. This is the first
cf the club's country outings this season,
of which there will bo many hereafter.
The San Mateo Wheelmen are working
every evening from 7.CC to 10 o'clock re
pairing the cycle path trom BurllngamC to
fian Mateo, which has been In bad condi
tion all winter. The club will hold a run
to San Jose to-morrow to attend the races,
as several of its members axe entered.
The installation of officers will take place
nfcxt Monday evening. D. W. Donnelly,
the new captain, has been offered two
<-ups for prizes in road races which will
be held shortly as preliminary events to
th» annual relay.
The road racing committee of the asso
c-iation. composed of T. O. Spillane (chair
man). F. Smith of this city. L. O. Sill of
San Jose and L. S. Upson of Sacramento,
will hold a meeting to-night at the Olym
pic Ciub to bear testimony In relation to
the riders who were suspended for pac
ing or accepting pace in the recent 25
mile annual road rac». They are Burton
Downing. P. McDonald. Lace Downing.
K. Arsrraz. Tony Dclma*. E. Barnes an 1
j E. M'Jng of San Jose and Walter David -
Bon, J. E. Bolger and J. Ephraim of thi3
city. The fact that these men are sus
pended by the C. A. C. will not prevent
them riding in the track races at San
Jose to-morrow or any other track events.
as the N- C. A. does ».ofc govern road rac
ing and all track events are under Its
jurisdiction. If after hearing the testi
mony the suspension* are not terminated
the men named will not be allowed to ri.le
in the annual relay in May. and It will
weaken the Garden City team materially.
Sanford Plummer, one of the orgunlzsr*
of the Bay City Wheelmen seventeen
years ago, and who has always been
prominent In toe sport ber«. Is In the city
on a short visit His present home is
Reno, Ner.
ROAD AND TRACK RACING.
p»T|-^HE two fistic whirl winds, Otto
I Cribb and "Dutch" Thurston. met
j again last night at the Mechan
(I icE" Pavilion before the Xational
Sporting Club, and Alec Greg
eains' protege walked out of the ring at
the end of the twentieth round with Ch*
honors of victory and the entire purse of
fered. Two months ago, when these two
fighters clashed for the first time, they
were hailed as marvels— not for their
cleverness but for their physical game
ness and endurance. In a mild measure
they repealed last night their initial dual
performance before the San Francisco
ring pubJic.
For eight rounds the fighting was full
of the furv of the wind and the eurginfr
sea. Wficn'tSe referee gave the signal to
cut Ioofo Thurston and Cribb' came to
gether with all that wild dash and reck
l*>s=sn*ss that marked the first meet'ng.
The pacp that was set was Just as hot
and furious. This kept up with steady
continuity for five rounds, when a slight
Jull in the storm gave the spectators a
chance to catch breath. The fighters acted
as if they neither knew nor cared what
! reathlng or rest meant.
Thurston, following the instructions of
his seconds, waded in. He was wild, but
not bo wild sis two months ago. He
blocked in better fashion; he even pro
jected himself at times while delivering
a blow. But he has much to learn of the
jr&me puglli&tic. With his arms beating
about like flails he rJayed the aggressor
tor almcst the full twenty rounds. Fierce
buffeting on head and body fell from him
as if it were of no physical concern. He
Thirsted for punishment, and some that
be received was severe enough to make
any ordirary fighter wish for a quiet spot
beneath the trees with a fair sky over
head.
The Improvement in Thurston's form
saved him from the same kind of a "beat-
Ing that Cribb administerd in the last
fight. Th the fourth round, when all was
heavy fistic sailing on a gusty sea, Thurs
ton landed a wild left swing that atag
jrered Cribb for a moment— but only for
a moment. The round ended with both
playing the proverbial hammer and tongs
act.
After a moderate reduction of speed the
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
TANFORAN PARK-Friday. March 23,
1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
2112. FIRST RACE— One mile; selling;
three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. *j. Str«. Fin.
(21SS) Wardman, 112 ..Mounce 112 In 12
i!92 M. Hildreth, 107..Thorpe 2 2 1% 2 6 2 15
2204 Illllouon. 1QH Henry 5 7 10 4 2 3 5
2193 The Gaffir, 109.. Murphy 8 6 ta 5 2 4 4
2055 Thomwild, 109 O'Con 3 3h 3 3 5 8
219S D. Along, 109. ... Bennett 9 8 \* S h 6 h
2106 Billy Lyons, 109....KellylO 10 9h 7n
2199 Robert J. 112 Meade4.4»i 6 4 S *i
2193 Immodell, 112 .......Bell 7 9 h 10 9 12
2204 Kingstelle. 107 . -Domnk 6 5 % 7 3 10
1500 Roundhead, lO'.Newbury • ...
Time— U, :26: «4, :5Oi4: %. "1:16%; mile, VAZ\i.
Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner,
P. C. Donal*che's b.ic. by Tammany- Belinda.
Wardman best. IHilouon badly handled.
Thornwlld no weight packer. 'Klngstelle blew
up. Scratched— Commuter 112. 'Loft.
Bettins—Wardman. 2: Mamie Hlldreth, 10;
Illllouon. 7-2; The Gafflr, 30:. Thornwlld. 11-5:
Dance Along. 100; Billy Lyons, 60; Robert J.
100; Immodell, ol); Klngstelle, 25; Roundijead.
5J. ¦ .,
2213. SECOXD RACE-Four furlongs; sell
ing; two-year-olds: nurse, $400.
Index. Horsed Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2087 J. V. Kirby, lC3...O'Con 8 4 2 ... 11
C'179)Og!e, 10$ Henry 1 13 ... 2h
2104 Irma A, 104 Mounce 9 5 3 ... 3h
(216o)Zirl.. 110 Dominlck 3 2h ... 4 '4
2179 Vasallo. 9S Ranschll -8 V a ... 5 h
2165 Minerva, 100 See 5 7 h ... Sh
(2141)F. Pomona, 113...Howell 4 6 2 ... 7 1
2177 San Lution. 98... Murphy 2 3n ... 8 1
2123 Oratossa, 9S Butler 6 11 H ... 9 2
"1983 Tyranus. . 110....... ThorpelO 9h ... 10 h
(20S3)I.apidus. 108 Wederstd 7 10 2 ... Ill
2141 Eatado. 101 Dalyl2 12 ... 12
Tlme-»4,. :24; Vi, :4S%. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner. P. Dunne's b. g.
by imp. Bassetlaw-Teatro. Kirby ran a game
race. Ogle no wonder. Irma A .will do.
Zlrl stopped suddenly. , Vasallo a slow begin-
Ser. Flora Pomona can do better. San Lu
tlon quit.
Betting— J. V. Kirby, 6; Ogle. 6: Irma A. 6:
Zlrl. 8-5; Vasallo. SO; Minerva. 25: Flora Po
mona, 5:: San Lution, 40; Oratossa, 60; Ty
ranus, 15; Lapldus, 15; Estado, 20.
2214. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; four
year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. V%- Str. Fin.
(217DD. Maid, 4, 110.... Henry 4 4 5 45 lh
|10$0)Headwater. 5. 115.Turner 1 '2 h . 2 n - 2 2$
2113 Sly. a, 113. O'Connor 2 3 2 3 2 3 1
2171 Gibraltar. 6. llS.Wedrstd 3 12 12 4 5
•2188 Benedict. 4, 112.. Mounce 5 5 5 5 -
¦ Time— >i, :24; V>. :«; %." 1:14. Good start.
.Won first three driving. Winner. S. C. Hll
dreth's ch.- m. by St. Leonards-Hand Maid.
Headwater was winning when Henry slipped
up and stole the race. Sly not in the - best
condition. . Gibraltar "dogged" it. Scratched
—Hermoso 118. -•
• Betting— Dangerous Maid. 8: Headwater,
13-10; Sly. 1; Gibraltar, 50; The Benedict. 60.
2215.* FOURTH RACE— Six furtongs; match
race; J1CC0 a side, ?5C0 added.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
C190)Kenil worth, 3. m.Turar 1 .1 h 1 Hi 1 H '
2178 Teliowtall, 4. 1 10. .O* Con 2 2 2 2
Time— U. r23%: H. :46%: %. UU. Good start.
Won ridden out. Winner. W. H. Ketcheman's
rr. c. by Imp. Sir Modred-lmp. Queen Bess.
The pace was terrific and Yellowtail cracked
like a piece of crockery.
Betting— Kenilworth, 11-10; Yellowtail. J-4-
2210. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; tbree-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. • Ilflrae, Wt. Jockey. I St^^i. Str. Fin.
21S5 Articulate, 3. lCS.Domn'K T^p h 3 4 1 l'.i
(2133)The Pri<1e. 5, llS.Tumer 3 4 8 3 h 2 3
<rO95)Frank Bell. 5, 12O.Mnce 1 3 4 1 h 3 7
2203 Roll's Boer. 3. 103-Henry «52 64 48>
217(5 S! nil a,'97 Murphy 4 In 44 'SI
15SC El Konse. 3, 99...Ransch.5 (5 8 S 6 6 10
.... Babbler. 5, IIS See 7 7 7 7
Tlme-1-16. :C€?i: 3-16. :1SU: ?-18. :«: Stff.
1:CC%. Poor start. Won handily.' Second and
third driving-. : Winner. W. C. de Lopez's br.
c. by imp. St. Andrew-imp. TUter. Winner
possessed of all his speed and nicely handled.
The Pride did his besr. Frank Bell was con
sistent. Boer away badly. Sinfl quit.
Betting— Articulate, 4-5; The Pride, 4; Frank
Bell. 7: Rolling Boer. 6: Sinfl. 60; . Kl Folse.
300; Babbler, SCO. :
2217. SIXTH IIACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
three- year-oWs and up: purse. }ivQ.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey." St. H. Str. Fin.
(21 74) Astor. 6, 11*0.. .... Mounce 1 13 13 18
(?181)lmpromptu. 3. 107. Henry 3 2 2 2 3 2 3
2181 Cougar. 3, 107 Thorpe 4 5 h 4 1 3 2
2204 Fondo 3. 105... O'Connor 2 3h 3 2 4 1
21S1 Compass. 3, 100... Butler 6 7 6 6 5 4
2175 Salvado, C, 116. ...Turner 5 4 \$ 5 n 6 25
(?117)MIke Strauss, 4, ll'.Dom 7 6 h 7 7
Time— %. :25M: %. :«: H. 1:01%; %. 1:28.
Fair start. Won easily. - Second and third
driving. Winner, C. R. Ellison's b. jr. by
Alntree-Stephanle. Astor was some pumpkins
to-day. Some of ths others were a bit back
vard about - comlnsr forward. Strauss away
r-adly. Scratched— Devereaux 113. ¦ Moonbrlght
106.
Betting— Astor, 2: Impromptu. 9-5; Cougar,
15; Fondo. 9; Compass, 30; Salvado, 40; Mike
Ptrauss, 4.
GRUDON AT LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL. March 29.-The Grand Na
tional Steeplechase of 25C0 sovereigns was
won .to-day by B. Bletsoe's Grudon. C.
J. "Williams' bay gelding Drumcree waa
second- and J. E. Rogerson's Buffalo Bill
third. • It was a handicap for five-year
olds and upward, the second horse to re
ceive 30O sovereigns and the. third horse.
200 sovereigns from" tho stakes. The dis
tance was - the Grand National course
(about four miles and S56 yards). There
were sixty-two entries, of , which eleven
forfeited. The event was decided in a
blinding snowstorm. The time 'was
9:45 4-5. Grudon led throughout and won
easily by four lengths. The betting was
9 to 1 against Grudon, 10 to 1 against
Drumcree and 33 to 1 against Buffalo Bill.
STANFORD VARSITY WINS.
STANFORD rrxrv-ERSTTT, March 25^
The Stanford varsity took th« last game
of the season with the Santa Clara boys
by a score of 8 to 7 to-day. The game
was close throughout and was won in the
last of the ninth inning. Bennett was in
the box for Stanford and pitched a steady
game, but his support was ragged at
times. He struck out six men to Keefe's
nine. Santa Clara made six errors, as
also did Stanford.
The runs and hits by innings follow:
Stanford ...0 1 1 J t 0 9 1 8— *
Base hits 1 1 0 3.0 «-».O 0—4
Santa Clara ..0 0 2 1 2 0 0 • J— 7
Base hits 0 2 0 3 1110 2—9
PUNCHING OF THE REFEREE.
DENVER. March 29.— At the end of a
ten-round go before the Colorado Athletic
Association here to-night between Dave
Barry of Toronto and Kid McPartland of
New York. Referee Floto. who is also
manager of the club, awarded the decision
to. McPartland. He immediately left the
ring amid the jeers of the entire audi
ence and followed by Pat Early, manager
for Barrv.
When the men reached the office of the
club Early struck Floto several times in
the face and was proceeding to pound him
when bystanders separated them. The po
lice cleared the house and prevented what
threatened for a time to become a riot.
The fight was even up to the filth round
when Barry began pounding McPartland's
heart with his right. He blocked nearly
all the kid's leads and landed his right in
return invariably. An old wound over
Dave's right eye was opened in the eighth
and bled profusely until the finish. Mc-
Partland was weak in the ninth from
Dave's persistent punching over the heart
and Barn- seemed to be the stronger at
the end. • . .
HACKMEN. OPPOSE BEYLARD
E. D. Beylard. the society man and ",
member of the Burllnsame Club, will
shortly be confronted with a serious situ
ation. For the last few weeks he has been
running his private coach from the Pal
ace Hotel to the Park and Cliff House
charging 82 a seat. The Hackmen's
Union officials claim that Beylard is the
driver of a public coach and. acting In
that capacity, he has to Join their union
or he will be boycotted. Several members -'¦
of the . union stated yesterday that they
would take the matter up and bring tha
problem to a conclusion at the next meet
ing of the organization, which takes place
April 4. Whether the swell clubman will
Join the Hackmen's Union or face the ter
rors of a boycott remains to. be proved.
Banker B. L. Pease.
ATCHISOX, Kan»., March 23.-R. L.
Pease, vice-president of the Exchange
National Bank, died to-day. He was one
of the operators of the Holllday stage lin<*
between Atchison and Salt Lake In th3
early days and was later an extensive star,
route contractor. ; •
RACING AT LITTLE ROCK.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. March 29.—
Weather rainy; track muddy.. Results:
First race, six furlongs, purse— Denny Duffy
won Lawton second. Julius 'Werner third.
Time, 1:18.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling-
Insurrection won, Eva Wilson second. Blen
heim third.- Time. 1:11%.
Third race, one mile, selling— Jessie Jarbo
won, Cogswell second, Sallie J third. Time,
1:48. • _
Fourth race, six furlongs, ¦ selling— Mudder
won, Aberdale second. Dan Rice third. Time,
1:19.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling-—
Scotch Bramble won. Hi ja second, C. P. Jones
third. Time. 1:5S. • .
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Morris' Volmer . won, Charles Daniels second,
Pauline J third. Time. 1:11%.
RESULTS AT WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, March 29.— Track fast;
weather fine. Results: <• *
Five and a half furlongs — Lexington Pirate
won, Robert Waddell second, Robert Metcalf
third." Time. 1:10 3-5.
Half-mile— Ganesa won. Serpent second, Tea
Varva third. Time, :50 4-5.
Seven furlongs, selling — Animosity won.
Draughtsman second, Elol M third. Time,
1:20 3-5. -",
Five and a half furlongs— Eala won, GIvb
and Take second. Monmouth Boy third. Time.
1:10 4-5. ¦¦:'¦
Seven ¦¦'¦ furlonss— Imperialist ¦ won, » Tareaxla
second, Glnkl third. Time. 1:32 4-5.
Mile and forty yards, selling— Matt Simpson
won. Kirkwood second. Cherished third.' Time,
1:49 3-5.
The magnates of the California Base
ball League breathe easier, for the danger
of a boycott by the labor unions has
passed away. Henry Harris in particular,
at whose team and for whose punishment
the proposed boycott was aimed, is beam
ing with smiles and If a union man wants
anything of Henry he will get it. The
San Francisco Labor Council at its meet
ing last night effectively disposed of the
proposition to boycott the games of the
California League. .-. -
Recently the cigar store of Goodman &
Harris, at Stockton and Ellis streets, was
remodeled, the work being done by
West Coast Furniture Company, which,
employs "scab" labor. Air it happened.
Goodman let the contract for the work.
Harris being too busy with plans for the
coming baseball season, to give attention
to details of the cigar business. However.
P H McCarthy of the Building Trades
Council took the case in hand and urged
a boycott of the games in which Harris
baseball club should participate. Every
union man was to be forbidden to attend
The Varnishers' and Polishers' - Union
two weeks ago presented a request to the
Labor Council for an "unfair" notice
against the local baseball league for the
reason stated. Such notice was the first
step toward a boycott. Tne request went
to the executive committee for . recom
mendation. ;¦ .-;.,.,: . :
For two weeks Harris and his associates
in the California League have been busy
explaining the mistake that Henry's part
ner made. Members of the Labor Council
readily recognized the impossibility, of
boycotting the San Francisco club with
out injuring equally the other clubs,
against whom no shadow, of a grievance
existed. Last night the executive com
mittee recommended , that no action upon
the request for an - "unfair' notice be
taken and the report was unanimously
adopted. Delegates from the Varnishers 1
and Polishers' Union said they no longer
desired a boycott.
. When the season opens next Sunday the
financial support of the workingmen will
not be wanting.
NO BOYCOTT FOR
CLUBS OF LOCAL
BASEBALL LEAGUE
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 29 —
The junior day festivities continued ' this
morning, with the interclass field meet on
the varsjty oval. From the start" the con
test was conceded to be between the two
under The proved to
have the greatest number of point ! win
ners, listing among their number the two
stars, ; Henley and Lamb, who \ took two
firsts each.
The morning was perfect for the sprints,
but as the day wore on a stiff west wintf
struck the runners as -they rounded the
back turn on the oval. As a trv-out tho
meet was a success, two intercollegiate
records being broken. Lamb, fresh
man % crack, after winning the 100-yard
dash In 10% seconds, smashed the best
intercollegiate record ol 23 1-5 seconds in
the 220-yard dash by one-fifth of a second,
leading hi» closest competitor, by three
yards. . .
Zschokke, the mile" walker, was the
other record-breaker. After distancing
Lewis, his closest rival, by a auarter of
a lap, he finished the mile in 7 mln. 21 sec.
beating the intercollegiate record by 4 2-5
seconds. y
Henley took the broad jump and hlgfi
jump by good margins, but let the pol«s
vault go by default after it reached Mi*
height of 10 feet 6 inches. Taylor, another
freshman, was a surpise In the hurdles,
without form or training., He should be a
point Winner by the time of the intercol
legiate field day. . ¦"..';- -
The final score was: Freshmen, 44: so
phomores, 37; juniors, -3: seniors, 23.
Following were the. events, .winners and
time made:
100-yard dash : First > heat— Stewart won, .
Bubb second. Time. : 10 4-5.
Second heat— McCaughern won, Lamb second.
Time. :10 3-5. . • -
120-yard hurdle: First heat— Kuhn won. North
second. Time, :17 4-5.
Second heat— N'aramore won,' Taylor second.
Time. :17 3-5. ¦ :i>- :¦. ¦ '- . ':
100-yard final— Lamb wen. Stewart second,
Hamilton third. Time, :10^. • -
880-yard run— Hamilton won, Talbot second.
Ellen wood third. Time. 2:13. .
'120-yard hurdle, final— Taylor won, Naramore
second. Kuhn third.- Time, :17 1-5.
440- yard dash— Smith won, Chadburne second,
Holman third. Time. ' :ZZhi- '
Illch lunip — Henley won.- Preston second.
Beach third. Height. 5 feet 6% inches. '
Shotput— Brooke wen. 38 feet 7 lnchee; Gilman
second; McFadden third.
Mile walk— Zschokke won," 7:21: Lewis second.
Broad Jump— Henley won. - 21 feet V£ tncnes;^
Symonds second, Lyon third. *- ' •
220-yard hurdle: First heat— Naramore won,
Mills- second. Time, :29. ¦ ¦_ . .
220- yard dash— Lamb r. won, ' Bubb . second.
-Mite run— Dead heat between Rprague. Ellen- ;
wood and Chadbourne:> TSjae.-o-C8.^ . ¦ < *. ,
¦:¦ HammA throw-Brooke won. U» tett • «'.4
Inches: Gilman second; Nichols third.
FRESHMEN WIN
THE INTERCLASS
FIELD CONTESTS
HENLEY, En^., March
30, 10:54 a. m. —Oxford
wins by half a length. The
start was at 10:31. It was
a. grand race. %5oth crews
were much distressed.
OXFORD
WINNER OF
BOAT RACE
First race— Princess .Titanla, Decoy, Skip Me.
! Second race— Maydlne/ Walkenshaw, Mission.
Third race— Edgardo. Haviland, Sir Hampton.
Fourth i race— Advance Guard, Gauntlet, Star
Chamber. . . '. '.',
' Fifth race — St. Slmonlan. Twinkler, Precur
sor.^" : ''_;.' ' '¦;¦. ' :
Sixth race--MacGyIe, Goldcne, \ Tame Irish
man. ,.'''-¦¦-'¦
Probable Winners.
. Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling: /.••. -i ™*
2205 Joe Ripley......'99 2202 Goldone ,....:... 93
2143 Norford ....V...106 2193 Greatland .....09
•2191 MacGyle ...;.... 92 (2211)Tame Irishman 92
2202 Prejudice ...... 98 -. ¦ ,
' Fifth race— Mile and a sixteenth; four-year
olds and up; : purse: . ..,¦¦'.: ¦ •, .
2174 Mary; Kinsello. 109 21S0 Nilgar ...\......H1
2210 Herops'... .111 2200 Mldian .........111
12155 Morellito ¦'...... 1H 2145 Twinkler 121
1963 St. Slmonlan...ll4 215$ Jim McCleevy..U4
2205 Rosormonde ...113 2203 Precursor 1*0
Fourth race— Mile and a half; three-year
olds and up; the Spring Handicap; $3000 added:
2205 Vesuvian. ......116 2174 Scotch PlaiJ... 9%
(2120)My Gypsy...... 90 2173 Ad'vnce Guard.122
(2205)Star Chamber..lO4 (2193)Gauntlet 10S
(2143) Locochee .......102 V
Third race— One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling;:. •, .
2174 The Phoen'cn..l03 21S7 Sir Hampton.. .102
21S3 Vohicer ........100 (2187)Havllajid ......102.
(2077)Barrack ........104 (2161)Edgardo 92
2203 Formero ........ 109
Second race— One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling: .. "
21C3 Sir Kingston.. ;. 109 (2175)MIss!on 109
1517 Will Fay. 109 2210 Alicia ..........ill
2202 Lomond ........112 2193 Walkenshaw ..116
2210 Morlnga ".. 113 2193 Br. Anderson. ..107
2153 Maydlne ........107 2197 Silver Garter.. .112
Edtries for To-Day.
.
| First race—Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
2204 Skip Me......:.. 97 1S14 Berendos .......102
21S2 Prin. TitanU... 97 2175 First Call.......116
21S3 Alas 103 21S2 Homage .97
C200)Decoy 110 2193 Vain no
2206. Brenhilda ......111 2194 Montanus 116
(2168)Amelia Fonsclll 2202 Don Luis....."...115
THE big crowd of local turfgoers
that'.went r dowh. to Tanforan yes
terday to see the match race be
tween Kenilworth and Yellowtail
decided was augmented by a dele
gation of Oaklanders, all "rooters" for
Captain Hacketfs horse. In receipt of
thirteen pounds, eight out of every ten
turfites picked Yellowtail to beat the
three-year-old, but Harry Stover was
right, for Kenilworth won, "all out again
as usual." A pile, of coin was wagered
on the result, with Yellowtail always the
favorite, opening at 4 to 5 and closing at
3 to 4. , Six to 5 was the top quotation
about the brown colt. It was generally
conceded that if Yellowtail could outrun
Kenilworth the first part of it he would
win, but this he could not do. .Breaking:
away from a running start, Kenilworth, a
head to the good, th«p)alr set a clip that
left a trail of smoke Behind. Turner rode
Kenilworth hard from the jump, leading
thejt>ig chestnut at" the end of the first
quarter, rattled off in :23S*. Aided by a stiff
breeze, the half was covered in :46%, and
as Kenilworth forged ahead, his admirers
let out a cheer. Just.before the turn for
home was reached-O'Connor, eased Yel
lowtail up a trifle, preparatory to making
one last desperate effort, for things looked
dark. Straightened • away, ' O'Connor,
called on Yellowtail, and although weary,
he responded, but the three-year-old never
let up in his work and won by half a
length in- 1:14 flat. The sum of . $2500
hinged on the result, the owner :of each
horse putting up $11XW, with $500 added by
the association.
From-the commencement it was not a
particularly happy inning for favorites,
Waidman and Articulate being, the only
ones that "did_ not disappoint. Mounce
was the only rider to pilot two winners.
A blunder on the part of. Nash Turner
post the members of the sophomore class
a small fortune. In the third event at
six furlongs Headwater and Sly came to
gether on nearly equal terms and the
smart ones were down hook, line and
sinker on the former. Sly was reported
not in the best shape, although ruling fa- .
vorite. Gibraltar caused a mild scare by |
leading into the stretch at odds of 60 to 1,
when he flunked/Turner on Headwater
now assumed the lead and at the paddock
had Sly in distress. Turner, then con
tented, failed to perceive Henry stealing
along next the rail with Dangerous Maid
until within twenty yards of the wire.
Then he turned Just In time to see Sam
Hildreth's recent purchase beat. him. a
head. The winner was 8 to 1 in the ring.
•Leaving the maiden class on Tuesday.
Wardman continued his, upward- career
by defeating a varied' assortment of
platers in the opening mile run. The Tam
many celt was backed down to favoritism,
and leading throughout- beat Mamie
HHdreth. a 10 to 1 shot, handily. Thorn
wild, which opened favorite, ran un
placed. '.-•-.. \ .
¦ -Pat ¦ Dunne's Bassetlaw gelding."J. -!V.
Kirby, ran in ahead of eleven other fleet
youngsters in the two-year-old dash, at
odds of.6 tto; 1. ¦ O'Connor, who had the
mount, broke from the "extreme outside,
and catching Ogle the last sixteenth won
by a length. Ogle lasted Just long enough
to get the place from Irma A by a.head.
Zlrl, the, fa vorite, quit, linishing fourth.
Shouldering 103; pounds,'Articulate, a 4
to 3 favorite ¦with Dominlck in the.saddle.,
beat some fast ones in the five and a half
furlong [ spin,' at. the • same time covering
the dlstai'ce in l:063i.::Frank Bell made a
bid for it withrhls 120 pounds, but couldn't
stand the pressure. '."While The Pride came
very strong af.the end. Articulate:held
the Ryan entry safe, winning by more
than a length. Henry, on Rolling Boer,
received a poor start. ' .
Astor picked up 120 pounds and gave his
¦ field an Impressive beating in the last
number decided, a seven furlong selling
'affair. Ellison's horse ruled second choice
to Impromptu and had the favorite, beaten
all. the way," scoring by eight lengths.
Cougar took the show. jMike Strauss, a
hot tip. got away badly and was never
dangerous. i>*
Track Notes.
Through his trainer, C Mayberry, Char
ley Ellison purchased Hermoso yesterday
from Fred Cook. The price reported paid
was $1500. Cook is now in St. Louis.
Wfidderstrand was able . to get more
speed out of Gibraltar than any boy that
has ridden the brown horse of late.
. Willie Martin Intended to accept the
mount on Gibraltar, but at the last mo
ment decided to wait until next week be
fore making his appearance in the saddle
The Spring handicap at one and a half
miles, with $3000 added,'is the feature of
to-day's • card. Among the starters are
Advance Guard. Star Chamber and Loco
chee, the latter winner of the four-mile
Thornton stake at Oakland.
BYP. ; E. MULHOLLAND.
KENILWORTH TOO SPEEDY
FOR THE FAST YELLOWTAIL
Stover's Brown Colt Seta Clip That Made
the Older Horse Falter— -Choices Lose.
H. W. Gregson, Cambridge, second. Time,
4:26 4-5.
Hammer throwing— E. B. May. Oxford, first.
113 feet S inches; B. C. Hartley, Cambridge,
second. 109 feet.
Lone Jump— L«. J. Cornish. Oxford. , first, 21
feet 614 Inches: G. Wiles, Cambridge, second.
20 feet S inches. '
Three-mile run— H. "W. Workman. Cambridge,
first; K. H. Jeros-Smith. Oxford, second.
Time. 14:3S.
won by 6 to 4 events. Head wlnda and a
heavy track militated against good per
formances.
With the exception of the mile and
three-mile run none of the results reached
varsity form. Considering- the condition*,
with two exceptions, the- men ran In great
form, and the American cracka are likely
to find Cockshott and Workman strong
competitors. The next most dangerous
man Is Cornish.
The Rev. Joseph H. Grey, the treasurer
of the Cambridge University, Athletio
Club, said:
'"To-day cannot be considered a criterion
for^our men. Hind, for instance, is
probably the fastest man in England, yet
he tcok 10 3-5 seconds to cover 100 yards.
If we go to the United States, as we hope
to do, the Americans may expect an im
provement on to-daf. I have written to
Harvard and Tale asking to have the
sports held in September instead, of July."
Workman's win in the three-mile run
was his third successive victory. He
also beat hl3 own record and received
quite an ovation. Following are the sum
maries:
ICO-yard dash— A. E. Hind. Cambridge, first:
J. Churchill, Cambridge, second. Time. 10 1-5
seconds.
¦ High jurop-a. H. Smith, Cambridge, 5 feet
10 ji inches, first: W. E. B. Henderson, Oxford.
5 feet IVi inches, second.
Half-mile running— J. It. Cleave. Oxford,
first: J. Oilman. Cambridge, second. Time.
1:59 2-5.
Putting the weight— E. B. May. Oxford. 34
feet 9 Inches, first: C. S. Cowe. Cambridge, 24
feet 2 inches, second.
125-yard hurdle race— G. R. Gamier. Oxford,
first; E. Allccck. Cambridge, second. : Time. IT
seconds flat.
Quarter-mile run— L. J. Cornish. Oxford,
first: R, M. Barclay. Cambridge, second. Time.
5? 4-5 seconds.
Mile run — F. G. Cockshott. Cambridge, first:
LONDON. March 23.— A good crowd
gathered at the Queen's Club here this
afternoon to witness the thirty-clghtn
•inter-university track sports. The
weather was bright and frosty. Oxford
Results of the Athletic Compe
tition Between Universities
Not of Very Great Merit
OXFORD LOWERS
THE COLORS OF
CAMBRIDGE MEN
THE SAN FKANCISCOkCAXL, SATURDAY, MARCH 30, 1901.
5
309 LARKIN STREET,
LEAV-ITT & BILL, Apts,
5 jlliSBili^^ ;^'li^jiig!|pi^^!j^Ii^ ! '!M:'''"''';!2|£I!M1UL; jiWhen the President reaches California "the 'flow
ers that bloom, iiv. the, spring, tra la," will .have lots
''to do',with the case," and we will have another proof
that Gilbert and Sullivan are out of; date, V • '
The latest novelty, is an electrical , exerciser. You
ipusli'a'button and then_ you never get a rest for any
muscle in your body until you stop the ¦ machine.'-'. ;It
scemsto be a species\of exercise without exertion. *
. It is intimated that President Diaz will be "glad, if
he can "spare the time, , to meet President McKinley
on; the international bridge \ at El Paso and shake
hands. ; A few more intimations of this sort and Presi
dent'Diaz might be asked not to spare the time.
Once-more We are getting reports of Turkish out
rages in Bulgaria, so it seems there was nbthingitKe
nineteenth century > had which it did. not leave to the
twentieth, so as 'to' make the world during the new
era appear like the same old place. . r'
Russian diplomats are giving profuse assurances
tb.it as soon as peace ?.nd order are restored in China
the Czar's ; troops will retire. This is probably one
way ©f declaring that Russia has entered China to
stay, or until the ground she occupies becomes.Rus
sian territory. .' . .
but 26 per cent of. the metal .vessels in the American
fleet, has, however, 43 per cent of the tonnage, and
whereas the iron and steel fleet owned on therAt-
1 — ; ROM the Treasury Bureau of Statistics at Wash-
I ington there has just been issued a review of thj
¦*\ - trade and shipping carried on by United States'
merchant vessels on the Great Lakes, which is of i\\-\
terest to the larger subject of American shipping,
generally because it shows what can be done in the
way of building up a merchant marine where ample
pictection from foreign competition is afforded.
The lakes are small in comparison with the immense
frontage of the United States on the Pacific, the Gulf
and the Atlantic, but, small as the lake frontage is,
the increase in merchant" shipping on its waters is one
el the marvels of American enterprise.
It appears from the review that prior to 1890 the
bke tonnage in American vessels never reached an
aggregate of 1,000,000 tons. In that year the aggre
gate tonnage was 1,063,064 tons, and from that time,
until the present day an almost steady increase has
been noted. Never since 1889 has the total dropped
below the 1,000,000 mark, and with the single excep
tion of 1894 there has been no year wherein the ton
nage has not shown an increase over the preceding
twclvfc months. The minimum yearly increase dur
ing the decade was 14,039 tons, arid the maximum
&5.O35 tons, the latter having been in 1897,
while the year previous has a gain of 82,608 tons to its
credit. The aggregate tonnage om the lakes at the
close of the last, fiscal year (June 30, 1900) was
1,565,587 tons, a gain of 502,524 tons, or 32 per cent;
during the interim covered by the comparison.
. Passing from the tonnage carried to a consideration
of the shipping itself, the review gives the informa
tion that in 1 89 1, when the aggregate tonnage under
the. American flag was 4,684,759, the tonnage of the
lake craft amounted f .o 1,154,870 tons, or over 24 per
cent. The aggregate tonnage for the nation in
creased very gradually prior to 1900, and thus in
1896 and 1897, when heavy additions Were made To
the complement of fresh-water carriers,' the shipping
of the inland seas represented as high as 29 per cent
of the whole. According to the latest statistics com
piled by. the' United' States Commissioner of Navi
gation, the aggregate burden of "American vessels/ is
5.164,8.39 tons, and the Great Lakes shipping,' with
1,565,587 tons, thus embraces 30 per cent. /
When attention is cirected exclusively to iron an j
steel vessels the showing is much' more favorable 'o
,'lh'e lakes. I* is stated: "Of the. aggregate of 1225
iton and, steel vessels flying the American flag the
Ctcat Lakes has 322. as compared with 763 on the
Atlantic and Gulf coasts. The inland 'waterway, with
TRfJDE ON THE GREAT LAKES.
DEPOSITORS— A. S., City. Of the two
banks named in letter of inquiry the Hl
b«rnia has the largest number of depos
itors.
COUNTING IN CRIBBAGE— A. S..
City. Four fours, and a three spot turned
up, In cribbage, count 15-S and 12— or 20
points.
TIMBER LANDr-C. H.'B., City. For in
formation about timber land call at tho
United States Land Omce. 619 Commercial
street, San Francisco.
EXTRACTS— Theresa. City. The , best
proof alcohol is used to reduce extracts.
The quantity to be used depends upon'
what purpose the extract is to be used
for.
QUICKSILVER" MINES — Subscriber.
Oak Bar, Cal. For the information da
sired about the purchaser of quicksilver
mines you should address the banking
firm named In. London.
ANNIVERSARY-A. B. C. Reno, Xev.
People celebrate by joyous festivities tho
anniversary of the birth of an individual;
they observe the anniversary of his dea'.h
by appropriate memorial service.
SHEAVE WHEEL— A. M.. El Dorado.
Cal. A sheave wheel., used to reel a
cable at a mine, may be either keyed or
loose, according to conditions. If height
and distance will allow the sheave wheel
la keyed; If not It is loose.
LICENSE— Subscriber, Lemoore, and O.
F., City. Book agents who sell by sample
for a firm do not have to take out a
license, but if they soltctt orders and de
liver from stock they have with them
then they must have a peddler's license.
Same as to medicine. .
A person engaged in San Francisco - In ¦
the sale of proprietary medicine In stora
or office that Is at a fixed place of business
does not have to take out a license.
' TWO RIVERS— A. M. S. . and others.
City. The Mississippi RJver, as . to its
length, has been a source of a considerable
dispute, as what is known as that river is
made up of a number nf large streams.
The Yellowstone, the Missouri and the
Ohio are among the largest streams that
go to make up the great Mississippi. I*
the «ource of the Yellowstone be taken
as the headwaters of the Mississippi then
the length of that river down to the Gulf
ot Mexico Is 4300 miles: If the count is
from the headwaters of the Mississippi
proper, then the length of that river »»
J200 miles. The length of the Amazon to
the Atlantic Ocean la 3730 miles.
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel. •
CaL clace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
. Best eyeglasses. 10c to 40c. Look out for
81 4th, front of barber store and grocery. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tba
freas Clipping Bureau (Allen's). ilO Mont
gomery »t. Telephone Main 1»C "
T • '
Of the StS.OOO.OOO.OOO worth of commerce
done by all- the nations of the world
Great Britain's share is- -1S.3 p«r cent.
German's 10.8 per cent and 9.7 per cent
falls to the lot of the United States.
I>r. Sl«cert's Angostura Bitter* «xrtte the ap
petite and prepare the •toraach,ror Its work. A
half wineglass before meals. Oet Slejrert't.
: .:..-,-. ; : — ¦ m . .
Fad*4 hair nconn Its youthful color an.l
aoftnesa by the use of rarker's H&lr BaUam.
lllndercorns. the best curt for corns. 13 cU.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
When Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese Embassador,
arrived at the depot in Chicago on his recent visit to
that city he looked at the dingy panes of the win
dows and asked: "Why don't you washiy|)ur win
dows? I see you have soap advertised all over the
f.t?.tion; why don't you use it?" Of course questions
ot that kind from a heathen Chinee are calculated to
make an American tired; but all the same we would
like to know what old Wu would ask if he saw the
Southern Pacific passenger station in this city.
NEW YORK. March 29.— Tfce following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco — A. J. Campbell at Vic
toria, G. A. Dubois at Arlington. J. B.
Dyer at Park Avenue. J. X. Hays, H. P.
Phillips at Holland, L. Hoefler at Hoff
man, T. I* Ryan at Grand Union, Q.
Traverse at Morton.
CAUFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK
It is to be noted, moreover, that marine life is be
coming more and more interesting to mankind. Some
of the .ablest scientists of the day are devoting them
fclves to that study exclusively. It has been noted
that the aquarium at Naples has made that city a. cen
ter for sttrdents from all parts of the civilized worH.
A well planned and well maintained aquarium wotflcf
thtrefore be to San Francisco a most valuable addi
tioT. to her educational institutions and would soon
have a repute that would command the attention cf
i-ultured people in all parts of the globe.
We cannot of course expect to obtain a fully
equipped and comprehensive aquarium at once, but
we can at least make a beginning and lay the foun
dations upon which to build later on. There can be
no question that if well started the institution wouM
rapidly grow. The life of the. land shenvs no such
wonders as the life of the sea, and accordingly the
exhibits at the aquarium would soon attract so much
of public attention that men of wealth .would be glad
to co-operate in promoting the work and augment
ing the plant. Private generosity would thus follow
public enterprise, and it would not be very long bc
lore the San Francisco aquarium would be world
famous. An appropriation' for an aquarium is there
fore among the things which-the Park Commis
sioners e'an reasonably ask from the Supervisors
at the next tax levy, and the grant would meet with
public approval.
A further advantage which an aquarium in this city
would have over one in any other important city of
the world is to be found in the richness of the ma
rine life immediately available for it. We have the
Parjfic Ocean at our command, and in its waters and
along its shores are to be found a well nigh infinite
vnricty of the creatures of the sea. To gather fine
specimens of them would be a comparatively easy
ta;.k, while to make the collection complete would re
*,':ire years of work end thought, so that each suc
ceeding year would see marked improvements in the
exhibit, and popular interest in it would be con
tinually excited by the acquisition of new specimens
r.f the wonders of the deep.
Serious difficulties have to be overcome in the main
tenance of aquariums in New York or other local.
t»e? where extremes of cold and heat are experienced
during the year. The water, which must be kept at a
temperature to suit marine life brought from tropic
seas, has to be artificially warmed, and consequently
llic expense? are large. No such difficulty would be
r.ei ir. establishing an aquarium at Golden Gate Park,
and no such expenditure for maintenance would be
ivqrired. The equable weather of our climate would
enable us to maintain tanks of large size suitable for
alJ kinds of sea plants, animals and fishes without hav
ing recourse to artificial heat to any considerable ex
tent at any period of the year.
\\ herever aquariums have been established they
Jiaie proven to be among the most interesting and
mo^t instructive of popular resorts. In New York
an aquarium was established some years ago at Castfe
Garden, and despite the fact that it stands in Battery
J-"ark. at the extreme lower end of the island, far re
moved from the residence districts, it has been found
tj be an attraction almost equal to Central Park it
pe:i. It is reported that since it has been open the
a» trage attendance has been upward of 5000 a day."
bifiiijar successes have attended the aquariums at
Prighton and at Naples, and even in the smaller in
stitutions of the kind at Berlin and other cities of
Europe something of the same remarkable public ap
j rtciation has been manifested.
AMONG the many features that have been pro
vided at Golden Gate Park for the entertain
ment and instruction of the people there is
one notable omission. We have the beginnings at
least of an aviary, a zoological garden, a museum and
an art gallery, but we have nothing in the semblance
of un aquarium. The omission is the more strange
because of all the adornments possible to parks there
if rot one v.hich in San Francisco could be so easily
raited to ths first rank among things of its kind in
AN AQUARIUM FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
Victor L. O'Brien, a young 1 attorney of
this city, has received the appointment to
a fellowship at the University of Chicago.
R. L. Feeler, assistant adjutant general
of the National Guard of California, is a
guest. at the California.
Colonel M. D. Cronin of the Thirty-third
Infantry and Colonel J. S. Catlln. are at
the Occidental.
Albert Betters, manager of Byron Hot
Springs, is at the* Palace.
H. E. Adams, manager of the Stockton
Grfs Works, is at the Grand.
W. H. Bray, a mining man of Nevada,
registered at the Grand yesterday.
Roy E. Sliner and wife of Los Angeles
registered at the California yesterday.
"W. F. Purnell of Sacramento 13 at th«
L4ck.
• "vV. T. Porter of Fresno Is a guest at ths
Grand.
TV, M. Spencer, an oil man of Selma, Is
at the lick.
T. f. Field, a fruit raiser of Monterey,
is at the Palace.
L. A. Hall, an oil man of Bakersfleld, Is
a g-uest at the LJck.
A. H. Ashley, an attorney of Stocfcton,
is registered, at the LJck.
PERSONAL MENTION.
divided into three districts. • It is provided in the last
section that the act is irrevocable and can never be
repealed without the consent of the majority of the
old ladies who have been regularly admitted to the
home.
A bill of that character of course cannot escape
criticism and even condemnation. It has been argued
that so far from encouraging matrimony it will have
an opposite effect. In fact, the Philadelphia Record
says: "A male person who waits forty years,
without trying to get married when the cost of a
Keystone license, is only 50 cents is not likely to be
spurred" into greater activity by a tax of $99,50 in
tended to. prick the sides of his intent. Nor after he
should go out of the State to wive him would he be
encouraged to return by a fine of $100. It
were better to stay in Chicago or Skaneateles than
to dwell in Highspire or Harrisburg on such terms.
Instead of encouraging matrimony the proposed law
would operate to promote depopulation."
.There are other objections made to the bill. It is
said that in Pennsylvania there are a considerable
number of bachelors who have reached 40 years
of age without having been able to find womenwho
would marry them. Should the measure go into
effect there would result the possibility that some
bachelor of 40 when at last he was' successful in.
l:is wooing might have in taking out a marriage li
cense-to-contribute to the support of some spinster
'.vho had refused him. That would be the uttermost
refinement of tyranny, and it is natural that an
aroused sense of justice should lead to protests
against the purposed iniquity of the man from Allen
town.
There are so many States in the Union that it might
I be possible to set apart'one of them for the purpose
of. making experiments with all such legislation as
this. It might be arranged that every reform crank
who believes in the statutory elevation of mankind,
and who succeeded in getting elected to the Legisla
ture of any commonwealth, should be sent to take his
seat in'the Legislature of the State assigned for the
experiment. Then the country would have a great
and variegated object lesson and an opportunity : for
inextinguishable laughter.
SOME days ago we directed attention to certain
examples pi reform by statute which are now
engaging the thoughts of the legislators of the
Eastern States. At that time it was noted that the
Wisconsin solons had before them a bill designed to
promote matrimony, and it is only fair, therefore, to
gi\e Pennsylvania c-edit for a similar good intention.
Representative Jeremiah Roth of Allcntown has in
troduced into the Legislature of that State a bill
v.hich he says is intended to encourage matrimony and
at the same time provide for the support of old maids
vho have had no chance to get married. It is there-,
fore a double-acting measure and merits at least a
parsing notice.
The bill provides that "any male citizen of the com
monwealth who is 21 years of age and desires the
office of husband may procure a license as prescribed
by existing laws, provided he is under 40 years of age;
but if the applicant is over 46 years of age he shall
before securing the license pay into the clerk of the
court's office $100 as. a license fee, which this bill im
poses on all bachelors over 40 years old." It is fur
ther provided that all the fees shall be turned into
the State treasury for the purpose of maintaining
three homes for old ladies over 40 years of age "who
have not had a suitable opportunity or offer of mar
riage, and have not means sufficient to keep them
selves in clothes and spending money." Any bache
lor ever 40 years of age who shall go to another Stats
and procure a wife and shall return to this State shall
pay into the State treasury the sum of $100, otherwise
tho marriage contract shall be declared null and. void;
"or any such bachelor coming from another State who
his married after the age of 40 years shall come un
der the same laws as a resident. The State must be
TAXATION OF BACHELORS.
A man down in Texas has a pig that Has lived in
such a- way as to point a moral as well as adorn
a tail. The man was married in 1898 and the pig was
presented to him as a wedding present. From that
piK, we quote the Sulphur Springs Echo, one of the
most reliable of our contemporaries in the TL-one Star
State, "the man has raised meat enougn to provide
for ti)e family, has sold $Q2 worth of meat, and has
the same pig on. hand and a hog worth $10."
Now the tail may be curly, but the. moral is straight.
Thrift wins, and a pig.in the pen is money in the purse.
SATURDAY...... ....MARCH 3Q~i9?m
JOHN D..SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
ACdresi All Censtnieiticai U W. B. LEASE, Mastger.
JIAXACER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre "!L?2i.
J'CBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Tress -01.
EDITOIUAL ROOMS SIT «o 221 SteTennoa St.
Telephone I»res« 2O2.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnsle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Trrni br Mall. Inclndintr PontaKet
flATLT CALL- ftnclufiiris Sunday). r.n« year *'-W
VAIL-Y CALL n&etaOlDf Eunflay). « mcr.thn *-W
7>AILT CALI.. (ir.cludinir Pandar). 3 months 1-K
I'AILT CAU.-Bjr Elrsie Month v *^
fTXDAT CALL. One Tear ••
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 10 °
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
¦ Dbucrlnttoiia.
EarnrJe copies will he forwarded when requested.
Mall Fubwrtber* In cr«»rtr.p chanr* of *(Mr*M rt-roM b»
rartlculiir to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS? in order
to ir.pure * pempt anu correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 11 IS Droadway
C. GEORGE KROGXRSS.
K&sigtr fereigs Adrertiaia?. Ksr^aittJ Bnaiing. Clieig*.
<Lcn* IXstance TVlephrne ••Central 261S.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
r. C. CARLTOV Herald Sqnare
TC^rSV- TOKK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX n. SMITH SO "rlbnne Balldlnp
NEW TORK NT77S STANDS:
WaJS^rf-Arterla. Hotel; A. Brentano, 21 Cnloc Square:
Vurray Kill Hotel.
BRAIVCn OFFICES-f{27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
vnt'A S:*C o'clock. eA Hayes, open until 9:33 o'clock. OS
McAllister, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 613 Lcrkln. open until
*:ro o'clock. IS41 Mission, open until 19 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C36 Valencia, open
cntll S o'clock. US Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
r»r TwnOT-Wfmi »ti<1 K>iHhc>t. open* until » o'clock.
We want as little risk of such result as possible,
am' therefore are frank enough to dislike this smart
move by Chile.
. In war time — and there will be wars and fighting, as
in the past — an active enemy, with free admission to a
naval and coaling station like Jiquilisco Bay, coufi
ihrow its commerce destroyers over the line of the
"tieutral zone and make it more grievous than interest
ing for the merchant ships faring toward our canal.
Our Government should look alive and see to it
that no further aggressions escape notice, whether by
Chile or any other power.
We do not suppose it would be possible to have
joint occupancy of a naval station, sharing the con
cession with Chile, so if she get ahead of us we must
grin and bear it. To bear a thing of that kind is
2:hilosophical, but to grin is a sacrifice of which we
are hardly capable.
Salvador is not a maritime nation. Her exports
and imports have to be carried by other countries,
and it will surely pluck plumage from the wing of our
commercial pride if v:q find Chile carrying the Sal
vador output to the exclusion of our flag.
The issue is of real importance to our Pacific
coast. It involves bur easiest commercial intercourse
with Salvador, and an unscrupulous commercial rival
will not find it hard to make American commerce dif
ficult in those waters.
Unfortunately the administration at Washington
has been diverted from such concerns to the vast
complications caused by the Senate's course on the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty, and so while the husbandmen
slept the enemy has sown tares.
With no coaling place nor naval station our position
would be intolerable, especially if we have to watch
our canal with such a waspish and aggressive neigh
bor as Chile.
During the Spanish war her sympathies were bla
tantly pro-Spanish, and she did not fatigue herself in
nny labored attempt to conceal them. Of all the
So'.ith American countries she has shown the most
truculent spirit. After practically destroying Peru
she acted the part of spitfire toward Bolivia, has
snubbed the Argentine Republic, and would not hesi
tate to defy Brazil. Altogether she has the resources
and the defiant spirit to make her a power hard to
neighbor with, and we are not out hunting any more
of that kind of acquaintances.
With the canal built the United States will greatiy
reed a convenient coaling station and naval ren
dezvous, but it is jdifftcult to see where it can be had
if Chile accomplishes her purpose in Jiquilisco Bay.
I: will be easily seen that we need such facilities con
venient to the Pacific end of the canal far more than
v. e need to fortify the canal itself.
NEWS from Central. America makes it plain that
the United States is not alone in commercial
ambitions and aggressive enterprise. It- is an
nounccd here that Chile has an eye to .her position
for trade, and defense and proposes to secure it, as
Bryan wanted to get free silver, without the aid or
consent of any other nation.
South of the Mexican . line the Pacific coast is
lacking in safe and bnd-lockcd harbors. They. are
so scarce that the nation that secures .one has the dip-,
k.iratic laugh on those that wait and get left out.
The only such harbor of consequence on that entire
coastline is Jiquilisco Bay/in Salvador. It is an ample
harbor, with safe anchorage for a large fleet, and ap
proachable landings in abundance. In the bay are
large islands, ideal places for naval stations, out of
which another Esquimau can be easily made. The
commercial drainage to Jiquilisco Bay is valuable.
The San Miguel River debouches into the bay and is
navigable right up into the coffee-bearing region of
Usulutan, and around the bay are extensive and vir
gin forests.
CHH-EAN WORLD POWER
Much has b«en heard latelr of the la
mentations of publisher* with regard to
the coming: spring publishing, but It would
¦eem as If these lamentations -were more
a more habit than anvtliinc else.
Publishers may moan, but they still go
on publishing. The prospects of the sprir.,*
season they said some time aco. were
anything but- bright. Naturally a famine
in books was expected, but that famine
fills twenty-seven columns of the supple
ment of this week's Academy, which doc*
not even profess to have recorded by any
means all the books announced.
The classes of books most prominent
In the list aro fiction, theology, biography
and history. ¦-.-.'- „ ., .
In its numbers theology falls little be
hind fiction. Of biography there are about
fifty volumes: of history nearly as many,
of poetry nearly a score.
The criminal hero seems to- have an ex
traordinary fascination tor the litterateur.
"Claude Duval." "Dick Turp in. Fran
cols Villon." "Jack Sheppard/ Jonathan
Wild." in various desrrees have appeared
as heroes of romance in both drama ana
fl< Major Griffiths has written innumerable
articles on crime, criminals and prison?.
Ills book is considered sufficiently popu
lar for Caasells to announce their Drir.K
lns it out in sixpenny parts.
It is now stated that vouns H. B. 1 ra
ving's studies of French criminals will
shortly be issued by Helnemann. Mr. Ir
vlri?. who is the second son of Sir Henr> .
and whose interest In the abnormal was
shown recently by his ciever study of tho
notorious Judge Jeffries, has analyzed
the cynicism, refined cruelty and sheer
brutality shown by such criminals as La
cenalre, Troppmann, ITado and Raia
chol The opportunities that are afforded
by French criminal procedure for the
complete exposure of the career and rmv
tlves of an accused oei«on give oeculia.
vividness to the French «"e cords , of < . c jj < ine -
Mr. Irving has endeavored to select tho-.vi
criminals whose individualities and mis
deeds* remove them from the category of
OI lt^nay be Interesting to know that Ions
before Mr. Irvine became an actor he wai
interested in the study of crime. His
rooms at Oxford were piled high with
criminal records. The same subject Inv
ested him during his brief career at the
Pending the spring publishing some
highly Interesting sales 0! old work* are
to take place shortly. One sale will be tha.
of a unlaue first edition of Bunyans
••Pllerim'B Progress," which is fixed by
Sotheby's for May 9. Half a century &%t>
Hertford's copy, which was then regarded
as unlaue and perfect, but which appar
ently wanted a curious frontispiece, was
valued at about £50 1*250). As prices s*
at the present time that seems absurd
and probably four figures will be nearer
the mark now. As a matter of fact, noth
ing Is known of any copy ever before hav
ing appeared in tho saleroom.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON'S WORLD ,
OF LETTERS
The pension laws of the United States r
provide for two. systems of pensioning.
Under the first system the pension Is
based, upon wound or injury received or
disease contracted while In the military or
naval service of the "United States and In
the line of duty. A' 'distinction Is created
by the law between disabilities originat
ing prior to March 4, 1861, and those in
curred after that 1 date, but as the great
bulk of disability pensions is based upon
service rendered since March 4, 1861, the
system established by the acts of July 11,
1SG2, and March 3, 1873, will first be dis
cussed. Three distinct classes of bene
ficiaries are provided for under these acts,
which constitute what is termed "the gen
eral laV' :
First — The officer, soldier, sailor or
marine who rendered the service.
Second— Their widows and minor chil
dren.
Third— Their dependent parents and
brothers and sisters.
An application for pension properly exe
cuted must be liled in every case with the
Commissioner of Pensions. Upon appli
cation to him in. person or by letter by
any claimant or applicant for pension the
Commissioner of Pensions will furnish
such claimant or applicant, free of all ex
pense, all printed Instructions and forms
that may be necessary In establishing and
obtaining the claims.
Evidence of Wound or Disability.
- Declarations for pension "may be exe
cuted before any officer authorized to ad
minister oaths for general purposes in the
State, city or county where the officer re
sides. .The declaration should bear the
official seal of such officer. If he has one;
otherwise his official character must be
shown by the certificate of. a clerk of a
court. .
.In every case two identifying -witnesses
must certify to the applicant's ¦ Identity
and state their means of Knowledge.
"The declaration in the case of the soldier
or sailor must set forth the following
points: All service rendered by claimant;
his personal description; full description'
of disability or, disabilities claimed, the
facts connected therewith and incurrence
thereof and his hospital treatment.
The declaration must be supported by
competent evidence, showing that the
soldier or sailor contracted the alleged
wound, injury or disability in the service
and line of duty. If the records of the
War Department show his treatment for
the alleged disability In the servfee no
further evidence is usually required as to
that fact, but in the case of the wound or
injury evidence is necessary to show the
time, place and circumstances under
which it was received, unless t^ie record
discloses that fact.
If there is no record of the alleged dis
ability in the War Department compe
tent testimony is required to show the
time and manner of its origin* The best
testimony upon this point is that of an
officer or two enlisted men. of the claim
ant's company having personal knowl
edge, of the facts." and the testimony of
the surgeon who treated him in* the ser
. vice. .
. Continuance of the Disability.
After the origin of the disability in the
service has been established the question
of continuance is one of great importance.
The continuance of- disability! from
causes alleged from the soldier's dis
charge must be proved In all claims based
upon disease, and. this should be done by.
medical evidence whenever that is ob
tainable. Any period after discharge that
cannot be. covered by medical evidence
should be covered by the testimony of two
or more neighbors or employers, giving a
specific history of the claimant's condi
tion from time to .time since his'dis
charge, describing his symptoms as well
as it is possible for witnesses who are not
physicians to do so. The claimant's pres
ent condition is of course shown on med
ical examination, by the examining sur
geons of the Pension Bureau. >
Claimants should use great care in the
selection of- their witnesses, j All testi
mony should be based upon actual per
sonal knowledge and not upon state
ments of the claimant or of others. Many
affidavits filed in pension claims are
found to be of no value, as they were giv
en merely as "an accommodation" and
were not based upon personal knowledge.
This frequently brings trouble upon the
witnesses and throws . a cloud upon the
entire claim. The facilities enjoyed by
the bureau for the cross-examination of
witnesses enable it thoroughly to sift the
evidence submitted, and to eliminate
from consideration all testimony shown to
be of no value.
Claims of Soldier's Widow.
When a soldier or sailor dies as a result
of disabilities contracted in service and
line of duty his widow or minor children
are entitled to pension. : '
A declaration In proper form is required,
which - should set forth' all the material
facts upon which the claim is based.
The declaration should b£ accompanied
by a statement from the claimant showing
whether the soldier or his widow had been
married prior to their marriage to each
other, and if so whether such relation had
been terminated by death or divorce. I
¦ Proof is required— the record if possible
— showing date and cause of -the soldier's
death and marriage of the claimant to the
. soldier. Also evidence is required showing
that the claimant lived with the soldier up
to the date of his death and that she wad
never divorced from him." If "the soldier
leffany children under 16 years of age the
dates of their birth must be shown by the
best evidence obtainable. Copies of city or
town" records, baptismal r.ecords or the
testimony of the attending physician con
stitute the best evidence on this point.
The widow's remarriage forfeits her title
to a pension from and after that date, and
therefore proof of continued widowhood ia
required. .•-..-
The widow Is entitled to a pe"hsion in her
own right and also to $2 a month addi
tional for each. minor child of the soldier
under the age of 16 years. If, however, the
soldier left any children under 16 . by a
former marriage the widow is entitled lo
the increase of their account only so long
as ¦ she shall be . charged : with ¦ their, care
and maintenance. For any period during
which they are not under her care the J2
a month is paid to their guardian upon
proper application and proof. ' •
Minor children of the soldier become en
titled- to pensions upon the death' or re
marriage of the widow, and the proof re
quired : in claims of ' minors is practically
the same as- In those : of widows.
] - 'An application by a guardian is accepted
in claims "of .minor children. ¦
The pension ' to children ¦ ceases when
they become 16 years of age.
. Dependent .¦ Parents and' Others. -
. : If a soldier or sailor dies of a disability
contracted in the service under such cir
cumstances as would have - entitled him
to a- pension, and. leaves neither widow
¦ nor minor child, • certain dependent rela
tives ! of the soldier or sailor, if any v sur
' vive, may become entitled to a pension.
The mother is :• first, entitled/then the
father, 'and then -'orphan - brothers an-1
sisters under -16 years of age, who are
pensioned jointly.
Declarations and proof in this class of
- cases are the same as in widow's claims,
except ; that » in ; a . mother's claim proof " of
marrlago is not required. h : In claims * of
mothers and fathers proof Is also required
showing 'that the aeft.no widow
or minor' child,' and that they, are at pres-
I entdependent on: her or, his: own manual
labor; being without I other present * means
of support than • their own manual labor
or the contributions of others not legally
* bound for 'their, support:- '"
1 1n - claims - of • dependent - sisters '¦• and
brothers proof. Is- also required showing
that they»were dependent in>whole;or, in
part on the soldler.'or sailor at- the time
i of : his ; death. • '
- The -' second . system of ; pensioning is
created ¦•: by -• the : act ; of June 27, . 1SD0, • as
amended by. the act;of May .»,-. 1900.
Pension under. this act:ls limited to per
' sons v regularly • enlisted ¦' or ; mustered ..Into
the military "or naval - ; -service, of ¦-'.' the
United States > who served ; therein ¦• for
ninety days or more during the- war of
the rebellion, and were honorably dis
charged from the service. A declaration
is also required under this act in which
the necessary facts should be set forth.
In the case of a soldier or sailor his dis
abilities, not due to vicious habits, should
be fully stated In the declaration.
It will be remembered that under this
law each and every mental or physical In
firmity, of a permanent character, not due
to the applicant's- own vicious habits, is
duly considered.- and the rate of pension
to which the applicant is entitled is deter
mined by the degree to which all these In
firmities, whether minor or serious, when
considered tog-ether, render the appli
cant unable to earn a support by manual
labor.
How the Pension Is Granted.
Upon receipt of the application a med
ical examination is ordered. If the certifi
cate of the surgeons discloses the exist
ence of a disability not mentioned in the*
declaration the claimant is afforded an
opportunity of filing a supplemental affi
davit covering such disability. If more
than three months has elapsed between
the filing of the declaration and the med
ical examination evidence la usually re
quired showing the * claimant's physical
condition from the date of filing his appli
cation. \
A claimant who has reached the age of
75 years is allowed the maximum rate of
$12 a month under -the act of 1SDO. for
senility alone, even where there are no
special pensionable disabilities. A claim
ant who has attained the age of 65 years
is allowed at least the minimum rate un
der the act of 1S90, "unless he appears to
have unusual vigor and ability for the pr
formance of manual labor in one of that
age. The effect of partial senility Is con
sidered with other Infirmities, where there
are such, and the aggregate Incapacity is
rated. -»
If a soldier voluntarily served In the
Confederate army and afterward served
In the army or navy of the United States
during the war of the rebellion he has no
pensionable status under the act of June
27. 1S90.
Widows and Minor Children.
If any officer or enlisted man who served
ninety days or more In the army or navy
' of the United States or In Its marine corps
during the late war of the rebellion, and
who was honorably discharged, has died,
or shall hereafter die, leaving a widow
without other means of support than- her
dally labor, such widow shall, upon due
proof of her husband's death, without
proving his death to be the result of his
army service, be placed on the pension roll
from the date of the application under the
act of Juno 27. 1S90, the pension to con
¦ tlnue during her widowhood. It 19, pro
vided, however, that the widow shall have
i married the officer or enlisted man prior
• to JUne 27, 1S90. otherwise there la no
title to pension under the act.
The act of May 9, 1W0, amended the act
• of June 27. 1890, by accepting dependence
• of a widow for pensionable purposes if
! she Is without means of support other
. than her dally labor and has an actual net
l income not exceeding $230 a year.
The additional pension of $2 a month for
• each of the minor children of the soldier
! under the age of 16 years Is paid to tho
• widow in the same manner and under th»
came conditions as those provided undor
the general law.
, The rate of pension to widows under this
¦ act Is $S u month, regardless of the rank
held by the husband in the service.
> Applications of Widows.
I In order to secure the benefits of the act
; of May 9, 1900, a declaration must be filed
thereunder, whether a previous declara
| tion under the act o* June 27, 1890, had
, been filed or not. -
' Proof of the soldier's death, of his mar
: riage to the applicant and of her con
tinued widowhood and dates of birth of
" children Is required the same as in claims
T under. the general law. In addition, the
J claimant must file her statement showing
the amount and value of her possessions
and her yearly income from all sources.
This statement must be corroborated by
the testimony of at least two credible wit
¦ nesses, who have personal knowledge of
- the facts, and by a. certificate from the
" assessment records showing the amount,
" character and value of her property.
" Where the witnesses possess sufficient
' knowledge to describe the financial con
3 dition of the claimant the testimony above
7 Indicated is usually sufficient to establish
1 the claim.
• In case of the death or remarriage of
I the widow the minor children of the sol
= dier under the age of 16 years become en
\ titled to the pension until they severally
• attain the age of 16 years. If the children
were born of a marriage entered into sub
!j sequent to June 27, ISM), they have no title
0 to pension under this act.
Proof of dependence in a pecuniary point
of view is not necessary to establish a
t minor's pensionable status.
1 Applications for pension in behalf of j
"z minor children may be made by their next
friend, but before payment ia made a
, guardian must be appointed by a court of
.' competent Jurisdiction, to whom the pen
1 slon is paid.
, If a minor child becomes Insane, idiotic
" or otherwise permanently helpless before
» It attains the age of 16 years the pension
{? continues during the life of the child, or
5 during the period of such disability. But
a a child who becomes insane, idiotic or per
manently helpless after he or she has
® completed his or her sixteenth year is not
3 entitled to such continuance of pension.
e and there is no provision of law by which
6 a helpless or idiotic child, who was over
P 16 years of age at the death of the soldier
3 or sailor, can be pensioned.
e Increases of Pension.
0 The rates of pensions in the cases of
' r widows, minor children and dependent rel
e atives are fixed by law and are not sub
l " ject to change. But In the case of soldiers
and sailors who are pensioned on account
% of disability, either under the general law
" or the act of June 27. 1S0O. the law pro
's vides for the allowance of an Increased
rate for Increasing disabilities. It is also
!r provided that except in cases of "p«rma
l- nent specific disabilities" no increase of
sr pension shall be allowed to commence
ie prior to the date of the examining sur
a geon's certificate establishing the same,
o made under tho pending claim for ln
g crease. The law provides further that In
•e this, as well as in all other cases, the c«r-
S tiflcate of an examining surgeon or of a
12 board of examining surgeons shall be sub
n ject to the approval of the Commissioner
of Pensions.
i- An application for increase must there
i-. fore tbe filed, by the claimant, and this Is
:- usually all that is required in the way of
y evidence in a straight increase claim. An
order, for his medical examination is sent
'.& direct to the claimant, and such examin
ation usually determines the question as
n to whether an increased disability Is
shown. When application is made for one
of : the higher grades of pension— $30. $50
or $72 a month — medical evidence should
y accompany the ' application, showing the
<*• exact physical condition of the claimant
m and the degree of disability from pen
w sloned causes.
rl' / Granting Service Pensions.
s- Pensions based, upon service alone ara
ia granted for. fourteen days' service or ona
»•¦» day's battle .service Jn the war of 1S1°
re thirty days* service in the' Black Hawk
-; war. the Creek war. the Cherokee disturb
of ances-or the Florida war with the Seml
<». nole Indians (1S32 to 1M2>. and sixty dayV
o* service in the ¦war with Mexico,
of All women . employed as nurses durlnc
*1 the late War of the Rebellion, who rec
w dered : actual service as nursea upon th*
s- sick or ¦ wounded In a •• regimental post
nl camp or general hospital of the armies of
ns the United /States for a period of tit
or months or. more may be entitled to pen
17 slon upon proper application and proof of
; .¦¦¦*¦ such service, urovided'thev are unable to
»<i earn a- support. 'ZP*BXDBaP t t3fi
]g rWhena claim has be>n rejected by »he
In Pension Bureau the claimant has th*
ne privilege of filing .new. and , material evl
'-'"- dence to overcome th* grounds of rei'pc
ls tlon. - In Increase claims ouch evidence
as however, must be filed within ninety dav«
after the rejection of the claim y
ir- 'The claimant has iUo. the right to «mte
to an -appeal from the action of the Pension
he Bureau before the Secretary = of th« in
or terior. - .... , f, «* .«« *n-
VH.— HOW TO SEtTUBE A PENSION.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
By H. Ola.y Evsins,
COMMISSIONER OP PENSIONS.
What the United States Government Is Do
\ ing for the Soldiers and Sailors Who
Fight Our Wars:
PAERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
¦ The San Francisco .Call '
So of the great steel vessels whose tonnage exceeds
1000 tons each, the lakes have more. in number and
of a. larger capacity than the Pacific, the Gulf and
the Atlantic combined.; The showing is highly cred
itable to the lake ports, but it is not creditable to the
nation as a whole. We give to our shipping on the
lakes full protection from foreign competition, but we
do not give any protection at all to American vessels
competing for the ocean trade, and until' there is a
change in that respect we shall continue to have this
disproportion between the lake* shipping and that of
the deep seas. ¦
lantic and Gulf coasts numerically exceeds that on the
lakes by 137 per ; cent, in tonnage : the excess is less
than 1 1 per cent. To carry this comparison further,"
it may be of interest, to consider, the apportionment
of the larger iron and steel vessels— those of 1000
tons^each and over— now operated under the Ameri
can flag. . Of this class of tonnage, out of a total in
the 'United States and Hawaii of 778 vessels of
1,710,136 tons, there are to be found on the Great
Lakes 424 vessels of 911,533 .tons. It will thus be
seen that the lakes have 54 per cent of the whole fleet
and 53 per cent of the tonnage."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY; : MARCH 30; 1901.
6
Cull ftnlmcribers contemplating; a change of
ilfmiflf am doriner the summer monthi can have
their paper forwarded l>y mall to their new
acldrrs*e-B by notifying The Call Bas!nc»s Office.
Thin pr.,,<T "vrill gl>o be on «ale at all' inmmer
H '—'¦<¦ aud 1m represented by a local agent In
nil Uirbt on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Alcazar— "Too Much Johnson."
*">!ympla, corner Mason and Eddy street* — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
Rc<-TT-atJon Park— Baseball Eundar-
AMUSEMENTS.THE GUEST OF HONOR AT THE
DINNER AND HIS ELDER
BROTHER.
Bellevue Hospital.
NEW YORK, March 29.— Maurice
Barrymore,' the actor, was taken to the
insane pavilion of Bellevue Hospital this
afternoon^ by his son, John Barrymore.
He -went to the hospital willingly. He
had nothing to say, and acted like a man
who was dazed. John Barrymore told
the doctors : that his father's real name
is Blye, and that ha was born in the East
Indies about fifty years ago. Barry
more's daughter, Ethel is now playing in
a New York theater. \
Well-Known Actor's Son Conducts
Him to the Insane Pavilion of
MAURICE BARRYMORE
TAKEN^ TO AN ASYLUM
in Richmond, Va.
RICHMOND, Va., March 3O.-The Jef
ferson Hotel in this city, which was erect
ed and furnished by the late Louis Glnter
at a cost of $1,000,000, was destroyed by
fire last night. The magnificent structure
covered a half-block in the ultra-fashion
able part of the city, and was built of
buff brick with granite foundation.
The flames were discovered in the upper
part of the Main street side shortly before
midnight, and in a ebon time that part
of the building? was a roaring furnace.
The fire, despite I every effort, continued
to spread, and at 1 o'clock this morning
all hope of saving any part of the struc
ture had been given up. The guests who
were first dTiven out of the Main street
portion of the hotel took refuge in the lob
by on the Franklin street side. There was
much excitement, especially among the
women, many cf whom had retired for the
night! Many persons lost all their ef
fects. Several persons were hurt by fall
ing down stairs. . One man had his hip
broken. No one perished in the flames.
The fire started in the linen-room from
a defective flue. The insurance is about
$6oO,000.
At 2 o'clock this (Saturday) morning it
is almost certain that not a vestige
of the hotel will be left. There were in
the hotel many works of art, including
Valentine's marble statue of Jefferson,
which stood in the Franklin street court.
This statue was lost.
Blaze at Night Wipes i Out The Jef
ferson, a Magnificent Structure
MILLION DOLLAR HOTEL
DESTROYED BY FLAMES
possibility of peace in the Orient save by
administering to Russia a sound drubbing,
and Judging from the almost unanimous
voice of the native press, if the powers
do not take measures to curb her inso
lence and to rebuke her violations of good
faith, Japan will undertake the task alone.
Although there have as yet been no open
demonstrations of public feeling, the un
dercurrent of feeling is manifest, to the
most casual observer, and coupled with it
is evidence that the Government is pre
paring for the emergency with the utmost
possible diligence. Unceasing activity at
the various naval stations and yards is
reported and the nation is gathering its
resources and energies for the struggle
with its. northern neighbor.
It seems impossible that the rest of tho
world,, in view of the rankly insolent de
mands of Russia or of the obligation it is
under to Japan for the relief of the lega
tions, should stand calmly by while this
little empire tackles its. giant foe, but
from every point of view it is manifest
that both Government and people are
alive to the fact that it is now .or never,
and that the aggressions of Russia have
become a matter of life or death to Japan.
It is particularly unfortunate that the
crisis comes at a time when the Ministry
Is absorbed in Its struggle with the House
of Peers on a petty question of taxation.
The deadlock still continues.
The extraordinary strike of the Judges
is still on and, although the courts are
not brought to a standstill, there is a gen
eral demoralization sCriously retarding
business and giving rise to complaints of
unusual delay. There is talk of bringing
the recalcitrants before a disciplinary
court, but as the latter Is itself in sym
pathy with the strikers' cause this meas
ure seems hardly feasible. Among the 1700
judicial officials in Japan fully one-half
are said to have joined in the agitation.
Their action In the Toklo local court
amounted distinctly to a strike, for al
though the various barristers, suitors and
witnesses assembled as usual at the ap
pointed hour the Judges did not open the
court, but spent their time in secret dis
cussion.
The economic situation in Yokohama
continues decidedly depressed. The small
er banks are rumored to be in a perilous
condition and reports are rife as to the
shaky status of important foreign as well
as Japanese firms. The internal political
crisis, the upsetting of the hopes of peace
in China by Russian diplomatic maneuv
ers and the financial stringency have com
bined to cause a downfall in local stocks.
It Is a curious fact, however, that the de-'
pression seems as yet to bo of a local
rather than a general character, as busi
ness in Kobe and the southern cities is re
ported to be in a healthy condition.
Remarkable Strike of Judges in the
Empire Continues and Business
of Courts Is Almost
Demoralized.
YOKOHAMA, March 13.— It "is becoming
increasingly evident that there can be no
Greatly Increased Activity
at All the Yards arid ;
Stations.
JAPAN BUSY
WITH HER NAVY
Easter cards now on sale in Art Depart
ment. . Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741? Market
-treel- . , - ... , ; .;,
130.00 from Chicago : J47.O0 from New York;
1*7.50 from St. Louie; , $25.00 from Missouri
River point* to California via Santa Fo Route.
Tickets, rood on tourist and reclining chair
car*. - Excuraiona leave Chicago - every : Tues
day until April 30. See the Santa Fo Ticket
Agent at 6il Market street. . *
Cheap Bates.
COPENHAGEN. March 29.— The Rlgs
dagr will close to-morow. The Gov
ernment's position is difficult owing to the
lack of result from the tax reforms laws.
Elections to the Folkethlng (the lower
house of parliament) occur April 3, and
will undoubtedly result in great grains for
the Liberals and Democrats, and a re
duction of the Government party.
Election Near in Denmark.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 29.— Acting
Chief Postofflce Inspector, Sullivan r re
ceived a telegram to-day from Inspectors
Sinclair and Swift, apprising him that
they had effected the capture, at Omaha,
of John Hall, alias Prentice Tyler, one
of the most notorious crooks in the coun
try.
Tyler has a long record of crime ex
tending back nearly twenty years, but he
is best remembered for- his first theft,
when'by a bold and daring stroke he stole
more than $100,000 . of the funds of the
St. l«ouis branch -of the Pacific Express
Company. He was captured by a. mere
chance, but not before he had made away
with $15,000 of the money.
No Epidemic at Des Moines.
DES MOINES, March 29.— The published
report that Mayor" Hartenbower , had; Is-
Bued a proclamation requesting ' that
schools, theaters: and churches ¦ be : closed
on account of the prevalence ¦ of smallpox
Is untrue.' The Mayor says there are only
a few cases of smallpox in Des Molnes.
John Hall, One of the Most Notorious
Crooks in the Country, Is
in Jail.
POSTOFFICE OFFICTAXS
CAPTURE A CRIMINAL
NEW YORK. March 29.— Joseph A. Con
lan.- the postofflce clerk arrested in 3&n
Francisco recently on the charge of steal-
Ir^g $3000 in registered mail in this city,
was to-day sentenced to four years' im
prisonment at Sing Sing.
Sing Sing Prison.
Joseph Conlan Who Was Arrestel
Sere Must Serve a Term in
General Griggs late this afternoon took
leave of his associates In the Department
of Justice, and to-morrow he will depart
for his home In Patorson. N. J. During
the leave-taking. Solicitor General Rich
ards, on behalf of the officers and em
ployes of the department, presented to tho
retiring Attorney General a large silver
claret pitcher of classic shape and unique
desigm.
There seems to be no reasonable doubt
that P. C Knox, who has been tendered
the appointment of Attorney General, will
accept eventually, but he la not expected
to take charge of his office for some
week*. tJntH he qualifies Solicitor (Jen
oral Richards will be acting Attorney
General.
»
rOTJB YEARS IN JATX
FOB P0ST0FFICE THEFT
Members of the Department of Jus
tice Present Griggs "With, a Sil
ver Claret Pitcher.
WASHINGTON. March 29.— Attorney
ATTORNEY GENERAL BIDS
ADIEU TO ASSOCIATES
WASHINGTON. March 29.— The Presi
dent to-day mide the following- appoint
ments in the navy: Edward A. Shcppard,
to be rear admiral; KoFsuth Miles, to be
a <-ommrr>d<.r: Richard M. Hughes, to be
a lieutenant comraandpr. To b« assistant
naval constructors, with the rank of lieu
tenant, junior srrade— Guy A. Bieset. John
E. Bailey and Henry M. Gleason. Joseph
Evans \ enable, to he a warrant machin
jFt: Allan Earle Peck, to be assistant sur
geon, with the rank of lieutenant, junior
grade.
Strike Ended in Marseilles
MARSEILLES, March 30.— The strike
here has practically prided. Work has
t>een generally resumed at the docks.
Promotion of Navy Officers.
, TLe Tageblatt Is amazed and asks what
has occurred to justify the Emperor's
words. It hints- that the revolution of
1848 'was not directed against the Hohen
zollern dynasty, and appeals "from the
ill informed Emperor to the Emperor
rightly informed." .
The . Vorwaerts cites a number of pre
vious .speeches of the Emperor exhorting
the soldiers to fight for him when neces
sary, and claims it has authentic infor
mation that his words were literally as
follows: • . . • ¦
"If the city of Berlin should again.im
pudently and disobediently rise against
the King, as In 1848, then, my grenadiers,
it will be your duty, with the points of
your bayonet**, to annihilate the Impudent
and disobedient."
The Vosslsche Zelturg Is also unable to
see any occasion for ths Emperor's words,
since nobody in Berlin is thinking of a
revolution, and his Majesty's predecessors
repeatedly recognized the loyalty of Ber
lin's population.
Tho National Zcitung expresses its ina
bility to comprehend what current events
induced the Emperor to refer to the revo
lution of 1S48, and sayB it does not see nny
signs of his Majesty needing a bodyguard.
BERLIN, March 29.— The Conservative
papers to-day do not discuss Emperor
William's speech to the Emperor Alex
ander Grenadier Regiment at their bar
racks yesterday, but the Liberal papers
generally comment on his Majesty's utter
ances, emphasizing the statement that the
Emperor is ill informed concerning the
character of tbe March (1S48) revolution in
Berlin.
Newspapers Marvel at His
Reference to. Possible
(Revolution.
KAISER'S WORDS
AMAZE GERMANY
CONSTANTINOPLE, 29.— Owing
to apprehension of attempts by anarchists
upon the life of the Sultan, his Majesty
Intends to completely exclude tourists
from the precincts of the Yildiz Kiosk.
As a step In this direction he has ordered
the demolition at the pavilion erected at
the errand gate of the palace grounds for
the accommodation of tourists hitherto
permitted to attend the Selamllk.
Arrests of Bulgarians continue to be
made In the district of Monastlr. A small
band of Bulgarian revolutionaries is re
ported at Brod. The authorities have dis
covered that arms are being smuggled in
spirit barrels. The garrisons at Kuma
novo and Uskub have been further rein
forced.
Be Permitted in the
Yildiz Kiosk.
Tourists Will Not Hereafter
SULTAN FEARS
THE ASSASSIN
ADIXNER given in the red room of
the Bohemian Club last evening
by Frederick Tillmann Jr. in
honor of Peter Spreck^ls, Mrs.
Peter Spreckels and Mies Agnes
Epreckels of Dresden. Germany, was a de
lightful function. The decorations con
sisted mainly of peach and cherry blos
soms, ferns and California poppies. The
poppies, in great profusion, were banked
on the table. Branches representing a
Music, discoursed by Meyers' orchestra,
added to the pleasure of the reunion. A
picture painted for .the occasion was pre
sented by Mr. Tillmann to Peter Spreckels
as a souvenir of the evening.
The company assembled consisted of
Mrs. Claua Spreckels, Peter Spreckels,
Mrs. Peter Spreckels, Claus Spreckels,
Misa Agnes Mangels. Ernest L. Hueter,
Miss Annie Broemmer, Mrs. Alfred
Spreckels. Mrs. Frederick Tillmann Jr.,
Frederick Tillmann Jr., Miss Agnes
Spreckels, Alfred Spreckels, Mrs. E. . L.
Hueter, A. B. Spreckels and F. Hohwles
ner.
large tree in bloom made -a canopy of
blossoms, under which the guests were
seated. Incandescent white globes placed
In the branches overhead reflected rays of
light to keep the esehscholtzias awake.
It was a scene of surpassing beauty,
which reflected credit on the artistic skill
of the decorator, Alfred II. Johnson.
AMERICA LEADS
IN SHOE TIDE
Increase in the Export of
Leather Goods Greatly
Alarms England.
ico and All the Nations
Partner South.
nufacturers in This Country
Branching Out to Supply Mex-
American manufacturers are groin* to make
& bid for the South American boot trade as
well a« the European and Colonial. There is
f'.fo some talk cf an American factory being
s-.arted in the City of Mexico. Practically the
whole of the boots and shoes made In the
Vr.fted Prates rame formerly from the fac
t< lies situated in the East. IJoeton being: the
center. Latterly, however, tanneries have
*irung tip further weft, about Chicago espe
cially, to as to be near the supply of hem
lock bark. Th» boot and shoe factories have
naturally followed suit, and consequently a
considerable pcrtior. of the trade ha« been
tal-.cr. out of the hard? of Eastern maker*,
pr.d they in turn have been obliged to lock
for other markets where they can dispose of
their roods. It is therefore from that quar
ter that British manufacturers must look for
thf- severest competition. It has been sue
csted that a combination of American manu
facturers should erect in different parts of
lUf world larpe warehouses in which could be
FUred the different kinds and sizes of boots
i>nd Fhoes. so that retailers could replenish
thrir rtocks as and when they required it.
The advantages of such a plan, should It be
tarried out. would be conriderable.
Improved Machinery in TJse.
Those in the trade will doubtless \m able to
ray whether the disadvantage cf having to
import th'.s' quantity of hides, bringing them
firm such sr«>t distances and paying 15 per
'¦<nt duty, fiayinjr higher wases than a»v cus-
Kfflnr)- ia Europe and heavy railway and
ftesmer freights, are compensated for by itet
firfr cheaper bark; If not. there roust be some
t) ;r.g in the process of tanning that enables
the American tanners to compete with other
HUTHli+1 in their own market*. Needless to
pay only the latent improvements in the gen
eral process of tarnir.R are employed in the
T'riited Fiate*. It is the use of bo much im
proved machinery that enables the American
manufacturer to turn out such large quan
tities and do it so cheaply.
The I'nited Plates is a large Importer of
hirim. There were imported durinir the year
en'.'n* De-ember 31. 1900. S07.2S7.P24 hides,
valued at C10,T«.OO7. of which 1^.792,222. valued
at £3.MS.?S7. wore hid** of cattle, which pay
import <!u.t-- of '.;. per cent ad valorem, and 69.
1T1.6W1. valued at £3.SC0.3:fl. were «roat skins.
which are admitted free of duty. Of the. total
Import* 12«.££.2e«. valued at £«.2SS,707. came
from K"jro;>e, and e6.J12.7sC. valued at £2.191,
4*1. cr.me from the East Indies.
V'hr th!f= Mate of affairs should be possible
1? not lit first Fight quite clear. It means
fithrr the Amerlcan-madf article is cheaper
than the nritis^-rr.ad* <jne. or that it is r>f
letter quality. Takir.R- it lor grants that the
British boots and fhoes are not inferior to
those of America, there mutt be some im
portant reason why the latter ehould cost less
than thr former. That America is a larpe ex
porter of leather to the I'nite-f) Kingdom shows
that they ran manufacture it cheaper. Con
eiderlr.tr that fo muih of the raw material has
to b» lmi'onrd Into the [Jotted States by the
tanner*, there s^ems nr> reasjn why leather
t-hould not r** manufactured as £heao or
cheaper In the I'nited KinP'iom. This applies
especially to the finer qualities, such as patent
leather, p'.aze<j kl<l and others.
Therr- is no doubt that a* far as certain
class leather is conremod America po»sesses
orvns;5'rab!e natural advnr.taees. There are
plentiful fupplie? of suitable hark crowing in
the different part? of the country and the tan
r'-riey haw been jilaced at no Rreat distance
from it. The hemlock bark, •which is that
mrtst used for tannin); sole leather, is obtained
fmrn the forests situated In the States of
Wisconsin and Michigan. It is also found In
New York and Pennsylvania, but the
supply is rapidly diminishing. For tanning:
the finer qualities t<f leather chemicals end ex
tracts are ueed, a large quantity of which ia
imported.
Commertinjr on this erowth of Ameri
can sales in British territory and absence
nf growth of British sales in the same
territory, the report says:
Causes of the Increase.
"A jtlance at these lipures wlli show how
Amcriran made boots and shoes are being
pushed with success in places where Brit
ish made Roods ought to have practically
th*» monopoly."
This report, a copy of which has reached
the Treasury Bureau of Statistics through
the British Board of Trade Journal, shows
that the exports of boots and shoes dur
ing the .twelve months ending December
SI. J»*). to the United Kinpdom, "British
Vest Indies. British Australasia and
British Africa from the United States
have«rrown from *:i42.S2S in lK»fc to £323.308
In ISO*, and £42^.i;4 in 19<K\ and that the
exports of a similar character from the
United Kinjrdom to British West Indies.
British Australasia and South Africa
have sliehtly decreased meantime, belnp.
in 189S. £t/JS2,094; in lKtf. £1.001.927, and in
l&QO. £1,075,47?.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
"W., WASHINGTON. March 29. — The
rapid g-ro-wth of tli<? exports of boots and
Fhoes from the United States Is attracting
the attention of the manufacturing: world
and of trie representatives in the United
States nf the manufacturing countries of
the world. The British commercial agent
In the United States has forwarder! to his
home Government a statement regarding
the exportation of boots and shoes from
the United Plates, in which he cites the
figure? r«!ating to our exports to the
United Kinpdom. British West Indies,
Australasia and Africa, and Bays:
Sp*c!?l PlFpat-h to T* 6 Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.,, SATURDAY, MARCH 30, 1901;;
Frederick Tillman Jr. Entertains Party of
Friends in Red Room of Bohemian Club.
GIVES DINNER IN HONOR
OF PETER SPRECKELS
7
OCEAN TRAVEL
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SPftt IT BaCkWAFDS IF *OU
; ."** Ul<\tt ONLY ANOTHER TEST
OF ITS SI'PtMSS TO CITE
*TA»TtD PIGH7. other femedie* tot Piles mcr-
wronj OM application relieves future one I
CLPt $SO Rcwzrd for an incurable case
Arc you •illmj to suflci »:th Pile* when Ttt'f
OOLLAPi bring* rx;rm»r.ent relief '
Th1f wc!!i!«>rful cure for Pile* for ule by the
following 1.P-TO-DATJ: DRUGGISTS:
Tio Percental I>rui? Co., i>4» Market et.
J. (•.' rv>tt» Drug Co.. distributing depot for
Fan Franoin<"o, im6 Market «t.
i»lon Pliannary, K2 Market i-t.. cor. Stockton.
McDonnell 1 * Pharmacy. 30$ Grant ave.
J. Caleeari*. Kearny arid Pacific sts.
J. II. Boyson. Twenty-first and Valencia ets.
DahlrwrNJer it Co., in Kearay rt,
Val Schmidt's. Polk and Jacksoa et».
*The Grant Dniff Co., 3S-10 Third st.
I>r. H. B. Kllbourn. 5sl Third st.
Van Xet* Pharmacy. Market and Van TCess.
AVm. 3. Bryan, under «;fand Hotel.
Vakelee & Co.. for. Montgomery and Bush sts.
Hoot\ Sixth and H<rnard sts.
fr*a»rb>-'» Pharmacy, cor. Butter and Stockton.
1C. P. Bayly, cor. <Jrant ave. and Kutter at.
.Andrew Ohsen, <00 Oeary Ft.
Fred H. HultinK, cor. TLlrd and Howard 6ta.
D. D. Hunt. 1S00 Haijcht st.
H. G. Gerd»?s. 345 Ksarnv st.
Park Hotel Pharmacy. Alameda.
Bender's Alameda Phanaacy. Alameda..
Rilcy's Drug Store. Alarr.eda.
Pond'i lJrkeley Pharmacy, Berkeley.
Otgooa Bro».. Seventh and Broadway. Oakland.
"Vl'lsharfa Drug Store, cor. Tenth and Wa«a-
lagrtoa st*.. Oakland.
Ir.n.t.1 & Svn, baa iUfacl.
f£/i r ifitaft --'¦ l Jfce N.K.Fa!rbank Company,
$?\ i :l jg\ Chicago-fiola Manufwtufers.'
tagjCTIggl'l FRFF' Our dainty booklet,
XBagFPeS&Sf mCC .. A p ubllc secret/'
IBSS&aSfBM mailed free to any address.
SttiXXXflraK For two ' c stamps we will
HtSfatS 1 ! Een( * * ree our 125-page recipe
MflBjjgyHgHgy book, "Home Helps." edited
P. Sj^-No Hog Fat in COTTOLENB
Animal fat is injurious • to
health in most cases, while
WHITE COTTOLENE is a
pure vegetable product which
cannot injure the most "deli-
cate stomach.
Delicious.
is popular not only because
it enables dyspeptics to eat
"rich" food and pastry with
impunity ; but it is the fa-
vorite shortening and frying
medium of the American
kitchen because crusts and
cakes mada with it are
White
Cottolene
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL!
OPENING .
OF
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE '
•¦:'; SEASON OF 1901.
SUNDAY, March 31, 2:30 p.m.
Sacramento
vs.
Sail Francisco
.REQREATION F*ARK,
Righth and Harrison streets.
ftftfl 1 1 RAD I A SAB FRANCISCO'S
UULUlVlBIA leading theatre
MATINEE Td-DAT.
TO-NIGHT. SUNDAY NIGHT,
and ALL, NEXT WEEK!
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
THE THE
OUUVJL.ua m • j j 4
OF THE i'lTTle
CENTURY! ±*' L LIC :
Minister
By J. M. BARRIE.
Founded on his novel of the same no me.
Coming — BLANCHE WALSH in "MORE
THAN QUEEN." '
PT^fJHFR'^5 CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOUnHin a Admission lOc.
Wm. McDonald, Aku Aabador, Merleits. tho
Flechtls, Olive ¦ Vail, Lillian Jeanette, A. B. ¦
Bentley and Hlnrichs' Orchestra. Reserved
Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and- DYSPEPSIA/
> DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
JtiBfeJ-NQty Woman
lnt eresteaand should know
giH^iiPRVEL Whirling Spray
e3t ~ :jl03t Convenient,
ItClesaieilBittnUj.
other, bat send stamp for lllus- ¦*
trated book— tf»le4. It gives f nil ¦
particulars and directions lnvala cBfESlt&Ss/M
nMe to ladies. MARVKI. CQ U .
503 , Mission «t., San Francisco. T^^HP^ :
i ¦ hi !
D 1 I A Of These hotels pos-
rALAUt «» the a t t ribute
that tourists, and
Q n fl travelers appreciate
""V —central location,
PDA KIR liberal manage-
UnAllU ment, modern ap-
Ijnxri fl pointments and
HOltLb, 5ipi||
San FraflClSCO. ropean plans. u:
ECHICHECTER'S ENGLISH
ENNYROYAL PILLS
/?V*v Orlslaal and Only Geaviaa, ¦-.
."l^NSAFE. AlwijirtiUbi*. Ladto.uk Drowtrt
M\££aL for CHICHESTJER'S KNGLISH
h**^i^fG!«\ In KFD and Gold niatsllla box-., xalnt
TTV 4 '* tlth him ribbon. Take bo other. Rrfaia
"J?1 ** "^J I>i>»«croai HafeitltaUoiift aad Imltn-
\ I T \m "O"** Bo? of T onr BruMiit. or trad 4«. la
I *•' Jf «t«mp« fur Partlenlan, TentlaoalaU
\V*. K? »«1 " R«llef for L«.l !«¦«," in letter, tj rtx
_Jv ¦> turn MmlU 1 O.OOO Tc«ilmoni»l«. SoMbj
¦>-**/ in Dri||liu. - ChUhcster Chemleml C*_
U«aU«atU>p«per... Uadlton Square, Fill LA.. P.*.
«. a^40flHn^£t>t. at B '(? ** Is a non-polsonota
remedy for Gonorrhoea.
'"«¦*. Spermitorrhoc*,
Aflri tnIto5«l»Ti^w| Whltfl<l < unnatural dia-
JHV Ontrtnteed ¦ cbnrgt . or any inflamma-
fSI not to itrioture. tion, i ritation or uleera-
P> "WPr«»enU coounton. tion A mil cons mem-
Jr?g|tH£EY*H3 ChEWChCo. bran*.. Non-aatringont.-
VS4c<NCINMTt.0.Qea "old by Drujwiate,
v nmniTli dTIW br exP" K «j prepaid, for
o B i'-0°- nr 3 bottle*, (2.73.
V^mB^v* B9 _Ir :ular sent on request.
:^!^DEWEXSTRQNG&CQ.^
: MARKET t bT.S.F.NSSS^ ,
l«H J Standard remedy for Gleet, I
m&Zda Gonorrhoea and Runnings /uikuI I
IN 48 HOURS. Cures Kid- imlUT I I
; ney and Bladder Troubles. \**S J :
N EW ! WBSTB R N HOTEL,
KEARNY -AND WASHINGTON .STS.— RE- '¦
modeled ; and renovated. KINO. WARD &"
CO.^ : : European plan. ' Rooms, 60c , to $150 day;'
J5 t o $8 week ; JS . to *:o month. Free baths ; hot '
and cold water . every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator run» all night. • - t ¦:¦¦-¦¦ » -.* '. J
MATIXEE ¦ TO-DAY (SAT.). MARCH 30.
Parquet. 25c. any seat: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part, except reserved.
A BILL BUILT OF THE BEST.
MARIE WAINWRIGHT Assist-d by
EDWAED ELSNEB. & CO., BTTRT
SHEPAKD, CAT/T.AHAN AND
MACK, SCOTT AND WILSON.
SMITH AND CAMPBELL, TE-
CHOW'S CATS, BIOGBAPH, Last
Week of BUNTH AND RUDD CO.,
and PAPINTA.
THE BIOGRAPH
THIS WEEK SHOWS
VICTORIA'S FUNERAL,
aVH E AT R £r\ >
MATIXEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
To-night, Wm. Gillette's Comedy,
"Too Much
Johnson."
SEATS - - - - {^Jfo 25c, 3oc, 50c
SEATS NOW READY FOR
Next Week— TENNESSEE'S PARDNER.
• »^ urtsrr city hah
Phone South £31
MATINEE TO-DAY & TO-MORKOW (Sunday)
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY EVENING— LAST
PERFORMANCES.
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.
Most Gorgeou3 Production Ever Seen Here.
Plantation Songs and Dances; Jubilee Singers.
VDIPLiV Evenings iOc. J5c. ;{.*»<•. ,»«>«
rfllvC3 Matinees ..IOc. 15c. 23e»
¦ NEXT MONDAY— Important Engagement of
America's Foremost Tragedian,
ROBERT DO\A/IM»>G.
In a stupendous production of "THE
GLADIATOR."
Mr. Downing' s First Appearance at Popular
Prices.
*T 1 Vffl 1 I*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAT
AT J.
"IT'S A SHOW THE PEOPLE "LIKE."
The Perfect Blending of Music and Fun.
WEDDING
DA Y!"
Next Opera— The Greatest of All Hits.
THE IDOL'S EYE. "HOOT. MON."
POPULAR PRICES Kc and Mo
Telephone— Bush 9.
< BraHmJ S3 IX^vv^ \ I I^Vnt |1 IjB^mS J^ra
• PHONE SOUTH 77U
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT !
Mound Boxing Match
OSCAR GARDNER,
Who Is Matched "With TERRY McGOVERN,
Versus
* JOB BERNSTEIN,
The Famous Featherweight.
In Conjunction With
"THE ANGEL OF THE ALLEY."
PRICES.... 15c. £5c. 35c, 60c
GHUTES_and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Barnes' Dog and Pony Show.
; LEAH MAY, the Giantess.
: SPECIAL TO'NIQHTJ
: CAKEWALK and Pictures of the
i OanS'Jlcfioyern Fight.
' Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
RAGES_ T S"
• THbSAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES EACH DAT.
TO-DAY— SPRING HANDICAP,
$3000 ADDED.,
NEXT WEEK-SEVERAL. BIG EVENTS.
First Race Dally at 2:tO P. M.
Trains from ThlrU and Townsend streets— 7.
-• 10:40, 11:30 a. m.: 13:40. 1, 1:30. 2 p. m.
't Returning leave Track 4:15 and thereafter at
;' abort Intervals. ¦¦-•.-.,-;
t ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE) II 55.
r - MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
¦ i E. J. POWER, Racingr Secretary.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers learo Broadway
fck wharf, San Francisco:
l5Ss-. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
Kp-jPh. \prll 1. Chantre to company'*
?*3»>'v»2?*"ttV «tf»mtrs at Seattle.
tiixZ. E*Gv???i For Victoria, Vancouver (D.
8?>&J*|3 %al c >- Port Townsend. Seattle.
EbS*2hS$Si Taccma, Everett. Anacort«n
P^*lR%K4en and New 'Whatcom (Wash).—
•* <^WfiHi It a. m.. April 1, «nd evary
.^^* fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. _¦
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 3 p. m.. Marctl
29, April S, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— 8teamer Queen. Wednesdays, » a. ra. :
steamer Santa Rom. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Crui, Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblapo). Gavtota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Josn det
Cabo. Maxatlan. Ahata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa tM<*x> — in a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th« right to change
steamers, railing dates and hours of salllnz
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 Xew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel>.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
19 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FOIRTI., .A. IST ID
From Bp»ar-8treet Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC S| 2 First Class Including Berth
iMnC $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA salts Apr. 3
GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. 23. Apr. 9
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and to all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
•' <• Vi- ' 1 Montgomery at.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YOH2, SOUTHAMPTON. LONBOK, PARI3.
Ftorplni at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York April lOJNew York May 1
Vaderland .....April 17 St. Paul May*
St. Louis April 24 1 St. Louis May IS
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Everv Wednesday, U noon.
Southwark April 1C I Zee land May 1
Westernland ...April 17! Friepland May «.
Kensington ....April 241 Southwark May 15
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General A cent Paclflo Coast. 20 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR.
ner First and Brannan *tr«ets. at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong r with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
P3. HONGKOVO MARTJ.Tuesday. April 9 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 3 13C1
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May S3, l90i
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and pas*as» apply at company's office
421 Market street, comer First.
W. n. AVERY. General Agent.
occaiiics.s.co.=iff^
SS. MARIPO3A (Honolulu only>,
Saturday. April Una
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. N«w
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. April 17. » pj m.
I D.SPEECKIS & B30S. CO., Saieral JS.wts. 327 Karht St
gen'l PiaBgif Offiea. 6<3 Marfat St. tiu 14 7, Pacifis St
PANAMA R, R, fsp*
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
¦ . Cabin. ?1O5: Steerage. $40.
S. S. Eoanoke sails Tuesday, April 2
S. S. I<eela&aw sails Saturday, April 20 .
S. S. Argyll sails . . Monday, Hay 6 *
From Wharf. Harrticn at.. I p. m.
Freight and passangtr office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOBBS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Lombard
wharf. 12 rn.
AREQUIPA ....Apr. 4|PERTT Apr. —
L1MARI Apr. 17.OUATEMAIA .May —
These steamers are built exx>ressly for Cen-
tral ' and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE A CO.. Agents.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CH ERBOURG— H A MBtTRO
¦ A. Victorla.Apr.ll.lOam|F. Bismarck May 9
Deutschland A p. 19,3pm I Deutschland ....May It
Twln-Screvtf Passenger Service.
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG-HAMBURO.
•Bulgaria ......April «j*Pho«nicia April 29
Pretoria April Ui
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hamburfl-Amerlcao Line, 37 B'way. N. Y.
MERZOO A CO.. General Agents for Paclflo
Coast. 401 California at. ¦ .
COMPAQNIE OEJfEHALB TBAS3ATLANTIQC3
DIRECT LINE TO JIAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <^"tt5*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 43. iWsiWMC
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
• to Havre. K5 and upward. Second clas» to
Havre, *45 an<! upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. »
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUOAZI Sc CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. & Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BITTER gTKATVTF.TlS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ,'* Montlcello."
MON.. TUEa. WED.. THURS. AND SAT.
at 9:43 a. in.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night): Fridays. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays,
10:30 a. rn.. S p. m. Landing and office. Mls-
slon-st. Deck. Pier No. 2. Telephone Mam 1508.
« Weak Men and Women
. CHODU) USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
*^ great Mexican remedy; gives health and
ttrenzth to sexual organs. Depot. 523 Market.
RIGHT I
f^^E^^^^C^y 1| Many beautiful girls become invalid* for life, because at the crucial period l$3k
GgfiOTSfflBsHL M of puberty they pay no attention to the laws of health, Mothers should protect . t3£
BHWBB5raSJra.jiflHl their daughters* health by giving them necessary information and proper treat- Eg!
p5i§5| ment When the menses come on a girl unawares in her inexperience she is |||
H^lll^^ cither w S htened jnto convulsions or scared into trying to check the flow. Many ||f
B/jAwIp c • TH s irls havc checkcd the flow and '* ha5 nevcr started a s ain * And asa rcjuIt the y HI
H^gf V • „ have grown pale-faced, with "crow tracks" on their cheeks, and darK half-moons F||
ta^ cn evcr y mornin 5 aftcr a S' rl is tweJve y u « °' d wiI1 rin 5 thc rn«««» on Iffll
S V^-$fr^Mj$ properly and keep them regular. It will help her to develop into an attractive E|
Wl ¦ XJ«ll^3ijy woman and equip her for the duties of wifehood and motherhood. All Baa
ifffffiirJ^r druggists sell $1.00 bottles of Wine of Cardui. W&
feS The Hollywood, Ajbury Park, N. J., Feb. 3, 1900.
mm I read your advertisement in regard to Wine of Cardui in the Baltimore American, and «P4
j^ It so favprably impressed me that on my visit to Baltimore during'the holidays I purchased a bottle of it for my ttn
aBB adopted daughter, who was suffering with female troubles. She had been under the doctor's care for somt time, l£jl
and when her periods would come on her suffering was something terrible. I induced her to try it and the tint gg|
||I dose brought on her menses. She took it regularly according to the directions, and was greatly relieved. To use tea
WsP For advice and literature address, frivinsr nymptoms, " The Ladles' Advisory #u|f
On Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. g~J* ¦ ¦ . -¦ :
MAJOR GENERAL 8. B. M. YOUNG,
U. S./A.1 WHO HAS RETURNED
FROM MANILA.
Playing car da,', poker i chips, crib boards,
dice land itallj|' cards. .C-TheVvery. best as
sortment and the" lowest prices.;' For 'aale
in^ Leather ; Goods' Department. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.; 711 Market street. .-j "• •:?
are cannot ba ttlven to it. In the spring, yn U
hould renew ; your ¦ strength, ¦ revitalize i- your
ilood and nerve* ¦- with . the -• best of , all ¦ medi
lnea.':Hostetter'B Stomach -Bitters. • If also
ures stomach disorders. Try it, '¦ : ¦
Passing of Yellowstono ? Park.
It la said that the geysers which have made
his park famous are gradually; ..declining.
rM». brings to mind" the;, fact that decline Is
he law. of the -world. '.Health; Is the most pre
:ious [ possession in the world, and ¦ too "great
Porto Rican Boys* Predicament. * I
Santiago ,Parei ti a Porto :Rican boy,-12
years of age, was sent to the Youths*
Directory by order of . Chief Sullivan yes
terday. -'-• He 1 was one of -those who were
induced by the yellow journal ,to refuse to
go to Hawaii' some months ago.' The po
lice of Oakland sent the boy to Chief Sul
livan Thursday, in the hop« that tho yel
low Journal would ; take, care ¦ of . him.- "but
on tho Chief • applying :• to the managing
editor he : got ¦ the • reply; "We are not do
ing anything '¦with that any more.".
¦ $10 So, 1 San Francisco to Los Angeles; for
first ; cabin > passage, •> Including' meals . and
berth," ;i Only/ twenty-six V hours ' en route."
Steamer;- Santa ¦; Rosa - or*. "Queen •from
Broadway, "'wharf 'every Sunday - and
Wednesday, stopping only "at Santa Bar
bara." * Pacific I Coast ; Steamship Company,'
office ;4 "New: Montgomery • street, under
Palace - Hotel. ¦' : 'ytS&&&Btt3i3&SSBXBBS&tS£B
Iiow - Rates-^-Impro ved Service.
Assistant Professor .-Armes of the Uni
versity i of .California "delivered a lecture
yesterday afternoon at the; Hopkins Insti
tute i of - Art on "Poetry - of the Middle
States." -A. large; audience; was present.
The. professor described the life iworlc of
the most prominent writers of the Middle
States and pointed . out j the : most ' distinc
tive feature In the style of each. \
Lecture on Poetry.
: The. Emporium received yesterday by
express three hundred 7 (300) .' new , tailor
dresses. 1 which they bought from Bauer &
Co. of Fifth avenue. New York, at a dis
count of , £> per '. cent, .which means your
Easter dress with a big saving. Sale be
gins Monday.. ; •
HOW TO SAVE ON
YOTJR EASTER PRESS
•- After efforts had been made to secure
the. presence of missing committeemen. it
was decided to .call a meeting for next
Tuesday at 3 o'clock at the rooms of the
Board of Trade. In s the - meanwhile '. the
situation "•'. will be - canvassed and efforts
made to enlist greater ¦ interests in" the
matter.
1 The enforced absence. of a number of
those who are most interested in the es
tablishment of a direct line of freight
steamers . between this port and Manila
was the cause yesterday of . the adjourn
ment of the meeting called by the Board
of Trade. The date and the hour selected
conflicted with other arrangements pre
viously made. ... . ¦ •
Those present were: A.? A. "Watkins of
the Board of Trade, William Cluff of .the
Wholesale Grocers', organization, George
•W. McNear, representing the Produce Ex
change: Charles E. Bancroft of the Man
ufacturers'- and Producers" Association,
and V A. Schilling. R. . P. : Jennings,. Leopold
Klau and H. D. Loveland. The latter was
In the chair. \
DIRECT TVrATfTXA LINE * I
SUBJECT OF INTEREST
During the hearing affidavits signed by
Mrs. Morashan and her father, James
Fay. were added to the papers In the
case. Both affiants deny young Mora
ghan's allegation that he was forced to
destroy an ante-nuptial contract in which
Mrs. Moraghan agreed not to - lay claim
to any portion of her husband's estate in
the event he married her. Mrs. Moraghan
Young James B. Moraghan was on the
witness stand in Judge Seawell's court
yesterday moraine to explain his reasons
for falling to pay his wife. Mary G.
Moraghan, alimony, as ordered by the
court. He brought the hearing to a sud
den termination by asserting that since
his wife Instituted her action for divorce
she had called on him several times and
had, condoned any wrongs he may have
done her. Judge Seawell, upon this state
ment being made, ordered the case con
tinued until this morning and directed
that Mrs. Moraghan be brought to court.
She will be questioned regarding *her hus
band's statement and if she admits that It
is true It will mean the end of her divorce
case, for the, time at least.
¦:• Mrs. Pedlar presented the 1 treasurer's
report, showing .that the society had
raised , during .the year $1824 48. /< .
a\ Mrs Aw.- H£H.v Hamilton r-. president of
the Oakland Presbyterian Home Mission
ary Society.; installedithe new, officers, in
structing each In her duties. '¦ - -
i,r^(L o 'V' l0C * . a _ tea^ and conference for the
5£*n2!, nt M o£ &*i Youn * People's societies
of Christian. Endeavor >. and chairmen ¦? of
the. missionary committees ; was ¦ held. : At
nigrhrtho -. young r people's societies con
ducted a service. ¦ » • • . .
Mrs. If. • T. , Ames, • president; Mrs. "W T
Gorham; vice president; Mrs. F.^S; Jones, "re
cording secretary; Mrs. Walter Mead, corres
ponding secretary ; 1 Mrs. E. L. Wemple. secre
tary of literature; Mrs. James B. Roberts, box
secretary; .Mrs. v J. H. "Whistler, free imen
secretary; ; Mrs. . M. ,E. Boyce, young people's
secretary;, Mrs. T. C. Pedlar, \ treasurer :
- A' luncheon ' was served in the church
parlors at noon. At 2 o'clock Mrs, ¦: F. B
Perkins gave an address on "Joy In Serv
ice. . . Mrs. < I." B; Carson' sang a solo.and
Mrs._W. .- P. Preutzman . spoke on "Out
Quarterly. '¦ _.fj -\ ..:-: -¦_ ¦¦¦•; .. . ./. ... ¦.
; The following officers were elected:
"W^io Is Responsible for Success or Failure
°. f ? Safety?" Mrs. W. T. Gorham: "In So
cieties That Are Both Home and Foreign Is
It Better to Consider 1 Both- the Home and For
?! sn » iT oplc 1 '•' , a V,F ach Me e«»>e or Take Them
Up Alternately?" Mrs. H. A. St. John; "Have
E rl w ed ,,^ rc X rammea for the Year Been Found
Helpful?"/ Mrs. W. P. Preutxnian;. "What Is
the Duty of -an . Auxiliary President? Should
She Do AH the Work?.. What Obligation Rests
Lpon a Member?" Mrs. William Low; "What
«" i h « B , e .^ , Meth^u of Raising Money. m the
Societies?'.' Mrs. Thurston '
. The Women's Home Missionary Society
the San ; Francisco Presbytery held | its
eleventh annual meeting yesterday in the
First Presbyterian Church. Morning and
afternoon sessions were held, each being
attended^ by about 200 , members • of the
twelve societies of the organization.
Mrs. H. T. Ames, president of the so
ciety, opened the .morning session with
devotional exercises. Reports of the offi
cers were made under the following titles:
. "Notes by the" Way." Miss: Carrie L.-Mof-
Moli r ' oor <£ n ?,f ecre A tary : "MesBaKes From the
Mall Bag, Miss Anna Smart, corresponding
secretary; '/What Have You Read?"\Mrs E
L. Ucmple, secretary of literature; "The Mis
sionary Box/' Mrs. J. B. Roberts, box secre-
! a T y: " Sl >aP Shots," Miss Jennie Partridge:
••Our^ Colored Brother— What Aro. We Doing
for Him? 1 v Mrs. William Low. freedmen sec
retary; "The Young People," Miss M. E
Eoyce. .
'¦¦ At 11:30, "reciprocity hour." the follow
ing Questions were discussed:
San Francisco Presbyterian
Society Holds its An
nual Meeting.
WOMEN DISCUSS
HOME MISSIONS
and Mr. Fay both allege that he destroyed
the contract voluntarily and In the pres
ence of Justice of the Peace Dunne, who
married them.
In a. deposition, which was placed on
record. Mrs. Moraghan contributes a few
additional interesting facts to the many
already made public. She tells of many of
her husband's "good time3." ' of his ar
rest on one occasion on a charge of being
drunk and winds up the deposition by
setting forth the details of her marriage,
at which Detective Cleary was a guest,
having been sent there by her father to
see that the groom did not make good his
threat and escape before the nuptial knot
had been securely tied.
Some interesting developments are ex
pected when the case 13 called for hear
ing this morning. Mrs. Mora^han will
either lose her standing in court or more
trouble for her husband will develop.
HALE and hearty and bronzed by
the tropical sun, Major General
S. B. M. Young, U. S. A., ar
rived from Manila yesterday on
the transport Logan. The j dis
tinguished officer and his staff Immediate
ly disembarked from the ship and were
glad' to be once more on • terra flrma.
Theirs was a stormy passage from the
Orient, and the sight of home was a •wel
come one.. The general and his aids were
driven to the Cosmos Club, where they
¦will remain until further orders are re
ceived from Washington.
Major General Shafter, whom General
Young: is to succeed as commander of .the
Department of California, called on the
latter and paid his respects. The two of
ficers enjoyed a long social chat.
General Young is in splendid health. His
tall and robus.t figure does not give any
indication of the hard service he has seen
in the Philippines. With his usual mod
esty, the general would not discuss his
achievements, but he was eager to give
credit to those who served under him.
"Campaigning in the Orient Is not only
difficult but disagreeable," said General
Young. "As compared with campaigning
In Arizona it is vastly different. In that
country you suffer from the rigors of heat
and cold, whereas in the Orient there is
little cold. It is true that the rains are
frequent, and that after a deluge you suf
fer a chilltnes3. The rain is warm, and
you are compelled to either keep your
•slicker' open and have your clothes
SUCCESSES DUE
TO FAILURES
Endeavors Chronicled Only
When Successful Says
Jewish Rabbi.
•¦V. •'.*? * » "»
Rev. Jacob Voorsanger addressed the
Congregation Emanu-El last , night,
speaking on "Those Who Have Failed."
He used as the foundation for his lecture
the story of Cain and Abel, and inter
spersed, his remarks with many tales and
Quotations from the Scriptures and myth
ology. It was an interesting lecture, and
while the rabbi did not fail to give praise
to the successful he extended sympathy
to the lone list of failures. '
Rabbi Voorsancer - said in part : "Hu
manity buries the failures, .while It rallies
iround the ' standards of the successful,
and glorifies their efforts. ' We fall to real
ize that their success is partly due to the
efforts of those who have been classed
is failures. Society glorifies the success
ful man and looks down upon the man
who fails. •
"We have written the history of suc
cessful efforts. We ¦ have not . written of
:he history of failures. We write the
story of human endeavor, when it suc
ceeds. You only hear of a scientist -who
ias discovered or recovered some law, but
i f ou know nothing? of -' the efforts ' of - the
»clentlsts whose very /lives/ have .been
jiven to attain success. Is there any, rec
ird of those scientists who, metaphorically
;peaking, bled to death •¦- before. Morse,*
Stevenson and others achieved.success?,
"The work of the many Is, what enabled
:he few to succeed. You read of* the work
)f Rameses, and if you .visit the British
Museum you can view the mummy of this
jreat king. But you hear nothing of the
ft-ork of the hundreds of nations that con
ended atrainst him. ;3MpqBpmHBMfcq&$
"We can, glorify, leadership without
-eallzing costs. Leadership is the ; oppor
;unity.'that comes to those of great at
.ii\nments.''j0gUgBtBmSBUMBBmtSSHBBSs
REPORT IN A LIBEL. CASE.— United- States
Georgre B. Morse filed his report
yesterday with Judge de Haven in the suit ot
K. W. Beadle vs. the schooner Reliance. 1 * Mr.
Morse reports that there is $200 66 due llbelant
for labor and material furnished: ' ¦ ; v -
Informs the Court That This Is the Reason
He Has Refused to Pay Alimony.
MORAGHAN SAYS HIS WIFE
FORGAVE HIS WRONGDOING
Will Becelve HcKinley.
At a meeting of the Grand Army which
was held last night Friday evening. May
17. was selected as tlie occasion on which
the veterans should entertain their com
rade. President McKirJey, during his visit
in this State. The reception will be purely
a Grand Arznv affair, as no one who is
not a member will be. allowed to partici
pate.
Rearrangement of Train Service.
The Coast Line of the Southern Pacific
opens regularly to-morrow morning and
the rearrangement of train service conse
quent thereon involves quite a number
of important changes. For Instance, the
southern route through train, which will
be known as the Sunset Express, will
hereafter rim over the new line in both
directions instead of throiiffh the San Joa
quln Valley, leaving the Third and Town
send street depot at 7 p. m. There will
also be another through train called the
Coast Line Limited running between San
Francisco and Los Ang-eles, leaving: this
end of the line at 8 a. m. and making the
trip in a little less than thirteen hours.
For Pacific Grove, Santa Cruz, Hollister
and nearby points the morning train will
leave at 9:30. Sunset Limited will also
tlnish Its season over the Coast Line, leav
ing on Wednesdays during April at 4:45
p. m.
On the main line the noteworthy changes
are as follows: The Owl is put back to
its former 5 p. m. departure, the Oroville
and Sacramento local to 4 p. m. and the
Kapa. Santa Rosa and Martinez local to
S a, m. The Lodl and Stockton local will
leave at 3:30 p. m., running via Martinez
and the Vlsalia local will be changed from
11 a. m. to 8 a. m.. via. Nlles. This train
will also connect at Tracy for Fresno and
Bafeerefield via Merced.
Other outgoing trains will remain on the
present schedule.
OPENING OF THE ¦/&&
COASTLINE
¦ — ¦ ¦
Important Changes Caused by the
Mrs. Linda Bryant Entertains in
Honor of the Kisses Cmming
ham. Hall and Van Wyck.
Mrs. L5nda Bryant gave a delightful
tra yesterday afternoon at her home on
Buchanan street In honor of Miss Char
lotte Cunningham. Miss Edna Van Wyck
and MIff Lrna Hall of Petaluma, three
charming belles, for whom the wedding
ohimes will Fhortly ring. It was alto
gether an inform-il affair. One hundred
sruestB vecre asked and all the inlvltations
went cut over the telephone.
Mrs. Bryant received her guests, as
sisted by Miss Lena. Hall. JVIisf Charlotte
Cuni.ins-ham. iliss Edna Van Wyck. Miss
Ida Callaphan. Miss May Reis. "Miss -LJ1
li« Reis. Hiss Laura Taylor, Miss Polly
Dunn. Miss Gertrude Dutton. Miss Mabel
Toy. Miss Belle Sturdivant. Miss Gertrude.
Van Wyck. Miss May Colburn. Miss
Maud Brainard. Miss Edith Collins, Miss
Agnes Burgin, Miss Cora Meyerstein, Miss
Florence Ives. Miss Alita Gallatin and
Mis« Marie Voorhies.
TZLITEONE TEA IN HONOR
OF THEZE BEtDES-TO-BE
General Young^s Record/
General Young has a record to be proud
of. He entered the army as a private,
and next month he will have served forty
years, having risen to be a major general.
His record is as follows: \
Private Company K, Twelfth Pennsylvania
Volunteers, 25th of April to August 5, 1S61:
captain Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Septem
ber 6, 1S61; major, September 20, 1S62; lieutenant
colonel, October 1, 18C4; colonel. December 23,
1SC4: brevetted brigadier general of volunteers
April 9. 1865, for gallant and meritorious ser
vice during the campaign terminating- with
the . surrender of the Confederate army under
General R. K. Lee; mustered out July 1, 1865;
second lieutenant Twelfth Infantry, May 11,
1866; captain Eighth Cavalry, July 28, 1866:
brevetted major March 2, 1S67, for grallant and
meritorious pervice in action at Sulphur.
Springs. Va. ; brevetted lieutenant colonel March
,2, 1867, for. gallant and meritorious service in
action at Amelia Springs, Va.: brevetted colonel
March 2. 18G7, for fjallant and meritorlouj ser
vice in the battle of Sailors Creek, Va. ; major
Third Cavalry, April 2. 1883; lieutenant colonel.
Fourth Cavalry, August 16, 1S92; colonel, Third
Cavalry, June 19. 1S97; brigadier general vol
unteers. May 4, 1S98; major general volunteers.
July 8. 1898. to April 13, 1S99; brigadier general
volunteers. April 13. 1S39; brigadier general
United States army, 1S0O; major general.
United States army, 1901. >
I Captain Howard of the Third Cavalry is
General Young's aid-de-camp.
soaked or keep It buttoned and suffer
: from perspiration. ' •*
"General Shafter called this' afternoon.
His visit was a social one. We served to
gether in Texas and were delighted to
meet again.- I 'heard from an unofficial
source on shipboard that I was to suc
ceed him as commander of the Depart
ment of California. Xo orders have been
received by me, and I- therefore cannot
state it as a positive fact. I will probably
receive instructions from Washington to
night or to-morrow morning as to my fu
ture movements. What my course will be
if appointed commander of the Depart
ment of California is mere conjecture. -My
actions would be governed wholly by or
ders and circumstances. I cannot con
template any changes'at this time.
"California has always been a dear spot
to me. I almost feel like a '49er. You
know, I came here in '66 and served here
from '93 to '97 as commander of the
Fourth Cavalry." .. .. - : .
After the matter of the contempt pro
ceedings had been disposed of, counsel
representing Mrs. Hayden filed an answer
snd cross-complaint to the complaint for
divorce placed on record by Hayden some
months ago. In her answer Mrs. Hayden
denies that she has been guilty of im
proper conduct with any person, as al
leged by her husband. In her cross-com
plaint she sets forth many specific allega
tions of cruelty on the part of her hu»
band. She claims that on various occa
sions he beat her, knocked her down,
blackened her eves, choked her almost
into insensibility and concluded his round
of abuse by kicking her severely shortly
before her youngest child was born.
Mrs. Hayden further charges that her
husband's cruelty and evil disposition are
responsible for the death of her oldest son.
She avers that the child was taken ill and
lay between life and death for two weeks
before she could secure her husband's con
sent to send for a physician. When she
did, she declares. It was too late and the
boy died. The cross-complaint bristles
with similar allegations of cruelty, and
hence sensational developments are ex
pected Trhen the case is next called for
trial-^that is. If Hayden has obeyed the
order of court in the meantime and taken
up quarters other than the County Jail.
¦^Tdwin Hayden, president of the Hayden
Packing Company, was committed to jail
for contempt of court by Judge Kerrigan
yesterday. Hayden's contempt consisted
In a. refusal to obey an order of court
directing him to pay his wife, Josephine
D. Hayden, whom he is now suing for
divorce, alimony in the sum of $100. When
the case was called yesterday morning
Hayden appeared In court and said he
was financially unable to comply with the
order. 'Jud^e Kerrigan was of the opin
ion that Hayden's statement was not
based on fact, and he forthwith ordered
him into the custody of the Sheriff, there
to remain until the order had been com
plied with.
Judge Kerrigan Orders Him
Into Custody for Dis
obeying Order. .
HAYDEN IN JAIL
FOR CONTEMPT
•whom she recently sued for divorce, from
annoying and persecuting her. In her
petition Mrs. Hancock alleges that since
she Instituted proceedings for divorce on
the ground of her husband's neglect and
innedity he has made it a business to an
noy her.
She alleges that he has called at her
home. C-^ Broderick street, on various oc
casions and demanded admittance, which
she refused. On one or two occasions,
however, she alleges that he gained ad
mittance to her home and she was forced
to lock herself up in her apartments. He
pays not attention to her statements that
his company is distasteful to her, she
say«=. but keeps annoying and persecuting
her. On one occasion, she avers, Han
cock took possession of tue dining-room
In her home, ordered the servants around,
forced them to wait on him and concluded
hi* visit by insulting her mother.
Another time, Fhe claims, he secured ad
mittance to the house, got a box of her
private papers and was amusing himself
with their perusal when she was in
formed of his action. She told him, she
avers, that he could have the papers, but
lie would liave to leave the house to fin
ish his reading. She took the papers.
she says, placed them on the back stoop
urA told him to send for them. As he
failed to send for them the sent them to
the home of his mother. 1S3S Turk street.
No one at the latter address. Mrs. Han
rock claims, -.vould accept the papers and
they rvere left on the front steps. Mrs.
Ha::c«.ck now. asks that her husband be
from causing- her any further
Trouble of a like nature.
Oomim-.ing. Mrs. Hancock asks that her
husband be compelled to pay her $400 a
rsionth slimony. She says he allowed her
this sum up to a few months agro and then
instructed his apents to give her no more
money without his written order. Han
cock's income, she says, is $11SO a month
and his refusal to" support her In accord
ance with her station in life is prompted
by malice.
Ella Wood Hancock Appeals
to Judge Kerrigan
for Relief.
?
Ella Wood Hancock has ; petitioned
Judge Kerrigan for an injunction restrain
ing her husband. Robert J. ¦ Hancock.
CLAIMS HUSBAND
PERSECUTES HER
The further hearing of the case .will be
resumed on Monday morning at 10 o'clock,
and it is expected • that ' the defense will
put : a handwriting expert on - the ¦witness
stand in order, to break down the testi
mony of Kytka, ,/
Former City Treasurer Reis testified to
having 1 paid the salarv waixants produced
in evidence,-, but could not state to whom
they were paid.
j. Sullivan, the hodcarrier, testified that
he ¦ did not • kpow of another man of his
name, wcrkinsr In the Street Department
in August. 1898. , \
' Thomas F. Clark, called by the prose
cution, stated that his signature had been
forged to a number of salary warrants
shown, to 'him,', all of which warrants. It
is alleged, wero forged by McGlade. The
witness testified that none- of. the men in
whose:: favor , the warrants were drawn
had ever worked in the Street_Depart
ment in the months of July or. August,
1898.
Clark Tells of More Forgeries.
When Lennon sought further Informa
tion as to Kytka's "pistol pocket" the
witness stated that he was a ''dead shot"
and had winged a footpad in St. Louis
and also brought down enemies when he
was fighting in the Austrian army.
At one stage of the examination Lennon
reproved Kytka for v Impertinence, and
Eugene . Deuprey asked the court to ad
monish counsel for the defense. The
court aid so, and warned Lennon that he
must not repeat his conduct. Lennon in
formed Judge Melvin that an injustice
was being done to. him and practically
said that if Kytka had not started "mak
ing goo-goo eyes" he (the attorney) would
not have "retaliated."
The merry war between the aggressive
attorney and the loquacious handwriting:
expert was continued during the entire
day.. :
Lennon questioned Kytka as to the vari
ous styles of handwriting, but Kytka in
sisted that the "Spencerian" mode • was
the basis of all the styles quoted by tho
attorney.
Lennon wanted to know If Kytka was
not the sworn enemy of McGlade and if
he did not carry a pistol to defend him
self against any attack of the defendant.
Kytka denied the allegation and virtually
'.'passed the lie" to Lennon, who claimed
that the expert had so claimed In a con
versation at the Palace Hotel a few* weeks
ago. Kytka admitted that he carried a
pistol, but did so to prevent any one tak
ing . from him "valuable papers in the
case he was engaged in."
Kytka Says He Is a Dead Shot.
With continued bickerings, objections,
exceptions, rulings of the court and roars
of laughter from the spectators the exam
ination of Kytka was proceeded with.
Lenncn then awitched off to the evi
dence of K,*. tka Riven in the Becker-Cree
gan fOi'KPry cases, and when Eugene Deu
prey sprung the ever-ready objection
Kytka raised a howl of laughter by say
ing: "Let me answer, his questions. He
Is only on a fishing expedition."
Attorney Lennon sourM to break down
the evidence of-Kytka as to the similarity
of the handwriting of McGlade and the
writing of the signatures on the alleged
forged salary warrants.
"When Lennon tried to ask Kytka what
muscles of the hand were required to
make certain "up strokes" and "down
strokes" the prosecution interjected an
objection and It was sustained by the
oourt. Lennon then sought to break down
Kytka'a testimony by questioning him as
to the evidence he had given in the Fair,
Townscnd. Cooper and other cases, but
the prosecution scored a point by having
the Questions stricken out.
Sarcasm on the oart of Lennon was An
swered in a bitter manner by Kytka.
many of the replies of the expert belnsr
calculated' to "raise a'laughat the'expense
of the attorney. for,the oefense. Time an<l
time again Lennon appealed ' to the Judge
to stop "the ¦impertinence of the witness."
The District Attorney would accuse Len
non of "insulting the witness,'-* and Judge
Melvin would pour oil on the troubled
waters. -
: " Among the alleged forged warrants pj»t>
duced as testimony against McGlade was
one dated August 31, 1S98, in favor'of J.
Tierney. The warrant states that it is for
twenty-four days', work at $4 a day, don-3
by Tierney | as bricklayer, and the amount
is carried out for 5120. Tnia glaring irreg
ularity in arithmetic was passed and a-u
dlted by T. A. Rottanzi and F. H. Has
klns of the Committee of ths
Board of Supervisors: approved by J. S.
Sheehan. T. \V. Kivors' and J. E. Britt of
the Finance Committee of th- Supervis
ors; allowed by H. C. Parquarson. clerk
to the Board of Supervisors, and finally
approved and paid oy Auditor Broderlclc
and Treasurer Reis. The irregularity was
shown when the District Attorney read
the item "twenty-four days' work at ?t
per day; total, ?129." 4
It would be interestins If the expert of
the Board of Supervisors and the gentle
men who signed and approved the war
rant could be called s»s witnesses In the
trial and asked to give an explanation of
why they passed feo glaring an "error."
v Handwriting Expert Theodore • Ky tka
was ' subjected • to a rigid cross-examina
tion yesterday by Attorney Lennon, for
the defense, and though there were many
"passages at arms" tue. expert came oui
victorious. - - . ¦ . ,;: r /-:'
Ii-snnon and Kytka BickefN
Erroneous Salary Warrant Paid.
warrants on the < city , treasury were al
lowed by the municipal ¦ covernment In
IS98. One salary warrant, which a school
boy could at sight detect as beinff erro
neous, was produced in. evidence an<i
shows . on ;, its face the lax manner in
which the city's monev was paid out.
: During the proceedings-* .an Incident
cropped ud' which showed the gross care
lessness in* the manner , in - which salary
whom" he is employed.
Judge TMelvln ¦ occasionally - took | par:.
There were' charges ar-.d coifnter charges,
appeals for protection, admonitions front
the bench and threats of punishment * lor
belligerent lawyers and the result qf the
day was conceded to be - a victory for
Expert Kytkaand. the •¦ prosecution, by
counsel .for the' prosecution and Superior
>
The proceedings yesterday in the trial of
Peter "McGlade, . charged with forging sal
ary warrants of tho city and county of
San Francisco, attracted a larjje' audience
and | those who expected a J battle roya!
between Attorney Lennon, for the de
fense, : and Handwriting Expert Theodore
Kytka were not disapyointed. " .
¦ The entire day was spent in verbal con T
fllct between Lennon and Kytka, In which
Gross Carelessness of City Officials
in Paying Salary Warrants
Shown in Course of
Trial.
Counsel for McGlade Fails
to Shake Testimony
of Witness.
EXPERT KYTKA
HOLDS HIS OWN
THE SAN .TBANbiSc6.:CA^lJ y y 30, 1901.
Will Succeed to the Command of the Military
V Department of California. _^
MAJOR GENERAL YOUNG
RETU RNS F ROM THE WARS
8
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
ADVERTISEME2fTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^^z^,
Very small ajad as easr
to take as sugar.
SEE IpABTTtfcl 1 ™ HEADACHE. SEE
° LL CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. OCC
GENUINE ffiWR ™S"nDum. GENUINE
1 PILLS KM CONSTIPATION.
V/RAPPrR ilJjBj " forsa "-owskik. WRAPPER
" nArr " n Ol£^!fl {FOR THE COMPLEXION " n * rrLn
« . . | CI^rUI^'12 MUtTtUV(U|SNATUIIC. ; * ;
25 cSas I Pnroly VegetaDle-^^^^v^^r-rtC
"PRINTED CD1<T RED PAPER.",,
SUPERINTENDENT AT
BUFFALO EXHIBITION.
Sickness Driven from Entire Family
by Paine's Celery Compound.
Spring is here. afad some of my relatives have also been
Purify your blood. Take Paine's celery using it, and inform me they have been
compound. v ery greatly benefited. Sincerely yours.
It is tho one spring remedy sought after ALGER M. WHEELER,
and highly esteemed by intelligent, earn- The superiority of Paine's celery com-
«t n,en a»d wo men throughout ,h. taa. %X^£Z22£'J*£S Z
Paine's celery compound has created its O ne member of the household tries it.
own constituency. Nothing is more common than for bus- •
¦ Men and women who have never taken band, wife and children to be led to usa
a spoonful of any sarsaparilla or patent "• because they have observed Its health-
medicine of any sort, nor alldwed them to making effects in tne case of some rela-
enter their home,, not only use Paine's "y^^^^w need to take a
celery compound when themselves sick. spr i ng remedy to purify their blood, to
but persuade their families to do the feed tnelr Ured nervea a nd to invigorate
same. their bodies. Long experience has shown
And yet when the history, of this won- tne necessity of such a spring cleaning-
derful remedy, is studied it is easy to un- for everybody, sick or well,
derstand why Paine's celery compound Thousands are taking Paine'a celery '
thus stands alone and superior to all rem- compound.
edles in the estimation of the public i t is so far above all other spring medl-
4 It Is a physician's remedy. c i nes i n i ts strengthening, nerve-restortng.
It is the prescription of Edward E. blood-purifying. health-giving. lasting
Phelps. M. D.i U>. D.. Professor of effects that it has no competitor among
Materia Medica at Dartmouth College. discriminating people.
There Is no mistaking the standing of The eld "cures" one by one? in the last
Paine's celery compound in the family of f ew years, have dropped by the way. un-
Major A. M. Wheeler, Superintendent of til to-day the sales of Paine's celery com-
Exhibits at theJan-American Exposition, pound in every civilized country are larger
New York State Commissioner at the At- than those of all other spring remedies
lanta Exposition and former Assistant o f all kinds combined.
Postmaster of Buffalo: People Just sick enough not to be
X. T.. Feb. 2, 1901. healthy— every city is full of such semi-
Dear Sirs: Being run down from over- invalids— should take advantage of Paine's
work, physically and mentally, I tried celery compound to put their blood and
Paine's celery compound as a remedy. It nerves Into a healthy condition,
undoubtedly did me much good. My wife Spring is the time to get well.
00000 000000000 000 ft *"°'*' ooc «^«»»Soo?oooooooooooo l om
ocooooooooooo8o Bn «««« OO0O005OOOO6OOO0OOO0000o « 000000000
snaiS:S5~SJUL«-a--S;m;;j::m;;;:j»&!
THE SUNDAY CALL
MARCH TmRTY-ONE
ooooooooooSoooooooSSoooooooTOoooSoooeooooooooo^
»OOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO«oo««
ooooooeoo 0000 00000000000000000000000000000 00 oSSSSSoSSoS?
cooooooooooooc =0000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC _, _ __ 30000000000000
oerooo^oSoo^ Mv ExDerience Hiissssssssss
ooeeoooooocooc . "oooooooooooo
oooocooooocooc 9|f« 91 00000000000000
0000000000000c "ClaJ (X 00 000 00000 00 00
ooooeooooooooc **«-r *-* 00000000000000
3000CC00O00O00 50000000000000
?sss-sssssssss"5 Mandarin iH"" s °
oocooooooooooc XVjLUilViCll 1H N . SS°"° 0000000
occooooooooooc - ™£S22 OOOOO00 °
ooooooocoooooc _;: 00000000000000
occococoooco, an( 3 . gggSSggggggggg
iiiii My Acquaint- - nnnSOSSO
00060C5000COOC " Z ° % <? % ° ° ° ° ° ° ° ° °
-. oococooooood •«.« 00000000000000
cooocooooooooo 7\X\f*t> X«7TIM 00000000000000
iiiili-isliiiii ; ancc . W 11 " ;sssssssssssss
liflllillililixli nuitfChantf HiiiSIIiiSSi!
%%%l%%%%%%%%%9 EY AUGUST CHAKOT. II 1 1 III I 111 1 1 S
53OCOOOOOOOOOCJ SJJJJJSSJSJSSS
occoooooccoooa - 1%%1%%1%%%1%%%
00C.O00OOO00O0000000000O0000030000O OOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
00000000000000000000000000003 000000000000000000000000000
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 0000000000000000000000000000
THE STORY OF THE THE MAN ON TH2 THE SUICIDES OF THE
1 FIRST AMERICAN IN, LOOKOUT. . BAY.
\ HAWAII. FICTION, FASHIONS. CHILDSEN/S ROBES FOR
I 1 HON. JOHN \7. FOSTER; BOOKS. HOLY THURSDAY
THE MAN. PAGES OF HUMAN IN, PROCESSION.
Ey Low#'l Otis Reese. TEREST STORIES. THE CALL LEADS ALLr
OCOOOOOOOOOCOOODOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
sooocooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oeoocooooooooooooooooopooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOQ3 OCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQO O O O O O O
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— — — .— ~~^->
GRANDS MAGASINS DU
LOUVKE
The Largest and Most Beautiful in the World.
PARIS SUMMER SEASON
The GRANDS MAGASIX3 DU LOUVRE of
Ports have the honor to Inform their Americaa
clientage that the complete catalogue of
fashioiiS. new tissues, furniture, etc., has lust
been published.
It xvlll b.> »ent-by mail FREE OF* CHARGE
to every client of the GRANDS MAGASINS
DU LOUVRE. Parties who are not clients
and would lik« to receive the same are re-
j quested to addres*. by prepajd letter.
MOXS1EK LK tJlRKt-TniTK • DES GRANDS
MAGASIN3 DU LOUVRE. Faris. France.
All orders amountlns to 25 francs or mor«
will be sent free of charge up to the point of
their destination, excepting furniture and other
. goods of larze dimensions.
In order to be in a position to s*Il only rood*
of very best quality, the GRAN'DS MAG.VSIN'S
DU LOUVRE have established th* rule to ••!!
only for CASH.
The MAGASIN'S DTT LOtTVKE have 10
BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT.
INTERPRETERS IN ALL. LANGUAGES. .
UNREST ASTOU RIDE JS^
TheMorrow fYv*^
I Coaster Bralle II • *A
t Goar«nf»e« you >«n/Wft Ctwtfm-I \ f ' J | j
mid PUawe •« QveUnf. Fin »iit \±jjt X^i
whsit. wheel »l»»T5 under Hr ? Xft
control. Sctrity on bills. A luiury \ 1 T
t on the lire!. - . ill
; lTou Ride SO Jtfltms, but i V_- ;^S
Pedal only SS Miles j
100.000 aatlnSed Men !»« y«r. !* M^
Sold by all ds»len. Bo»*Ut Frtt. \ W&
";WXIMK3ir8.CO,Xh.lrt,3.T. L\fl T^DOES NOT WANT A PARK.— The action in
stituted bv Joseph Gowans, was dismissed by
"Board of Works and the Park Commission from
••parking" City Hall . avenue was argued and
submitted for decision by Judge Seaweli yester
day. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
WESTPORT— Arrived March 26— Br bark In
veramsay, hence Oct 27.
PANAMA— To sail! March 28— Chll stmr Ll
ma-rl. for San Francisco.
Sailed March' 16— Stmr City of Para, for San
Krancleco.
LIMERICK— In port Maj-ch 10— Br EhlD.Rlv
ersdale. for San Diepo. via London.
YOKOHAMA-Sailed March 2J-Rr etmr Duke
of Fife. ¦ for Tacoma. '
SHANGHAI— failed March 27— Ger baik Co
lumbia, for Pc*t Townsend.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived March 2J-Stmr
Campania, from Liverpool; stmr New York,
from Liverpool.
Sailed March 29— Stmr Commonwealth, : from
Liverpool, for Boston. ' ¦ •
! HAVRE>-Arrived March 2J-Stmr L'Aqui
talne. from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 29— Stmr TJHo-
Steamer Movements.
nla, from Boston. ~ -• „ „
CHERBOURG- Arrived March* 26— Stmr Graf
Walderwe. from New York, for Hamburg.
GLASGOW— Sailed March 2&-Stmr Assyrian,
for New York. ¦ ' ¦ -
GENO A— Sailed March 2»— Stmr Aumiste Vic
¦ torfa. for New York (returning from Oriental
cm lie).
PORTLAND, Me— Arrived March 23— Stmr
Sarmatlan. from Glasgow.
BROWHEAD- Pas3ed March 29— Stmr No
mpullc. from New York, for Liverpool. . ¦
NEW YORK— Arrived March 2»— Stmr Hecla,
from Christiansend and Copenhagen.
Few Days.
Union Pacific Officials Will Be Elect
ed to. the Directorate When the
Session Begins in a
• ¦ - _
NEW: YORK;: March . 29.— The Evening
Post has the following: • President Burt
of the ¦ Union Pacific "and President Hays
of the Southern Pacific, - ; : together . with
Secretary Miller of the Union Pacific, who
have been traveling together from the
Far West, were . at their offices in this
city to-day. Both officers have been in
specting the Central Pacific and other di
visions of; the Southern 'Pacific and will
submit -their :• recommendations for im
provements and means of operation. Both
officers will • remain here at least until
after the annual meeting of *tne Southern
Pacific, which will be held on April 3.
• ¦ Union :• Pacific , officials : will be elected
into r- the • Southern Pacific board at this
meeting. , The present board consists of
eleven members, with one vacancy, and it
is i probable that the new directors to bo
elected: will, constitute a majority of the
board. - .
Since the last annual meeting of South
ern Pacific shareholders the board has
been entirely ¦ reconstructed, August Bel
mont, D. O. Mills, John W. Mackay, J. B.
Haggin going into the board last summer
at the request of C. P. Huntington, not
long before his death, together with C. H.
Tweed, B. Hawley and J. D. Probst.
President Hays and James Speyer were
elected in the fall. •
Besides Chairman Harrlman of the
Union Pacific, it is probable that Otto H.
Kuhn of Kuhn, Loeb & Co., Goorge Gould
of the Missouri- Pacific and Jamea Still
man will go into the Southern Pacific
board.
The Mall and Express, discussing the
announcement that George J. Gould is to
enter the Southern Pacific directorate,
says:
"This Is -what Mr. Gould referred to
some time apo when he said that still
larger deals thA any that had been put
through were coming. f If the proposed
harmony of relations is established It will
enable the .Missouri Pacific and affiliated
lines to secure better terms on through
traffic to the Pacific Coast. On the north
the Missouri Pacific's business will go over
the Denver and Rio Grande to Ogden. an.l
thence over the Central Pacific to San
Francisco. On the south traffic will qn
over the Texas and Pacific to El. Paso
and thence over the Southern Pacific to
California points."
Southern Pacific President
Awaits the Company's
Meeting.
HAYS COMPLETES
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
.• ' thorlty of the Superintendent. '¦ -
NOTE — The . high ¦ and low waters occur at
the ' cliy^. front; (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five' minutes < later, than at Fort: Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun; Moon and Tide.
¦
United States Coast* and Geodetic ¦ Survey —
; Times.rand. Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
• Francisco Bay. Published '¦ by official au-
SATURDAT. MARCH SO.
Sun rises 6 :5S
Sun sets .6:30
Moon •* nets ...........* .3:30 a. m. .
Shipping Intelligence.
Friday, March 29.
. Rtmr Geo I/oomls, Brldgttt, 44 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Luella, Ma<lsen. E5 hours from : Santa
Barbara. »»wb^»B^»«BBp"*WBBSO* l *5BSSSl*"BBi;
. Stmr Westport, Ellckscn, 23 hours from Eu-
Btmr Leelanaw, Storm. S3 bourt from E«
attle.
¦ l NOTE— In the above exposition. of the tides
tho« early j morning tides are given In the left
hand column and < the successive -tides of the
day 5 In -the order of ; occurrence as to time of
day; tho third time column gives the last tide
of * the * day. t except v when . there • are . but . three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to. the soundings on the United
¦States,; Coasts Survey" charts. •- except ..when '.a
minus . (— ) -. sl«n \ precedes : the ; heifirht. ', and : then
the number given- is subtracted : from the depth
given by f the. charts. r< The > plane of reference
is the mean ot the: lower ' law waters.-. ¦;
STEIKE SETTLEMENT
IS NOT YET IN SIGHJ
•Atljlude of Graders Along, the; 27a
cosari Railway Gives Promise
; -" of . .Trouble. :
PHOENIX, Ariz., March" 29.— A dispatch
received here to-night. from Bisbee says
that no settlement of the strike of graders
on ¦ the . Nacosarl .". line is In sight. Mo«t
of the strikers are still at Fronteraa and
have terrorized contractors to such an ex
tent that the latter, who are nearly all
Americans, : have appealed to the Mexican
authorities for/ aid. As' yet no serious
trouble has occurred beyond the shooting
of one of the; contractor's employes,' but
many^of the strikers, are desperate char
acters and trouble is feared.- Since work
tlrst. began 'on the road: fights .have, been
of -duily occurrence and -several killings
have resulted. • ,••
SAN' PEDRO— Arrived March 28— Schr W F
Jewett, from Grays Harbor. March 29— Schr
Lottie Carson, from Eureka. • . •
Sailed March 28— Sclir W F Wltremann. for
Grays Harbor.
COQUILLB RIVER— To sail March 29— Stmr
Argo. for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 29— Schr
Okanojran. from Port Townsend. < • ..
VENTURA— Sailed March 28— Stmr South
Coast, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE-Arrlved -March 23-Stmr City of
Seattle, from Skaruay.
Palled March 29— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco. March 28— Stmr Humboldt, for
Sknpuay; Br stmr Teenkal. for Tacoma; stmr
Klihu Thomson, for Tacoma. . ¦.-,¦¦
Arrived March 23— Stmr Chas Nelson, from
Eureka: schr Mildred, from, San Pedro.
NEAH BAY— Passed In March 29— Ship Dash
ine Wave, hence March 19, "for Tacoma.
Posged out March 29— Stmr Mackinaw, from
Seattle, for San Francl&co.
ELWELE-^To sail March 18-^-Bark Agate.
COOS HAY— Sailed March 29— Schr Monterey,
for San Francisco. -- .
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in March 29—
Bark Carrollton, from Honolulu; . schr J B
Leeds,' hence ' March 16; schr Compeer, from
Honolulu: BChr Transit, from Honolulu.
Arrived March 29 — Schr Robert Lewers. from
Honolulu: ship Dashing Wave, hence March 19.
In Btralts-Schr Maggie C Russ, from Salinas
Cruz. : ' ••. . -- ¦¦ "-¦ -';•-¦¦-
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— ArrU-ed- March 16— Br stmr
Warn moo, from Victoria; bktn Skagit, ¦'•from
Port Gamble; schr Defiance, f rom .. Newcastl*»,
Aua. March IS— Hark -Olympic, hence Feb 12:
chip Henry Vlllard. from Savannah. March 19 '
— Bark John C Potter, from Tacoma: bktn 8 <3
Wilder, hence ., March 8;. ship -Arthur : Sewall
from Yokohama. March 20— Schr Eric, from
Caleta-Buena. March. 21— Jap stmr America
Maru. hence March 15; bark Himalaya, from
Newcastle. NSW. March - 22 — Stmr ¦ Zealandla
from Port Lcs Angeles; Jap stmr Hongkong
Maru. from Yokohama. March 23— Stmr Mari
posa. . hence March c 16. ' :
¦ Sailed March 16— Br stmr : Warrlmoo, for
Sydney: ship Chaa E Moody, for Port Town
*end.. March 17— Bark C < T> ¦ Bryant. - for 8an
Francisco. March 19— Ship Star of Bengal for
Port Townsend. March 20— Aus war shlo Do
nau, * for Nagasaki ; schr Roeamond, for San (
Francisco;, schr John A' Campbell, f or - Port
Townsend. March -21 — Ship C F Sargent - for
Port • Townsend ; k shin George Curtis, for San
Francisco.' March 23— Bark S C Alleft, for San
Francipco. - :
MAHUKONA— ArHved March 14— Brig Con
suelo. -hence March l>IFWMW»fc»|lisjjirrtli. i jf
KAHULUI— Sailed March IS— Schr Ottlllle
Fjord.- for San Francisco.
HILO— Arrived March 11— Schr -Helen " N
Kam ball, ¦ from Eureka. March '12 Bktn S* N
Castle, from Honolulu, to - sail March 16,- for
San Francisco. ' ¦ ..
FOREIGN PORT8.
KINSALE— Pnssed March 29— Br ship W J
Plrrle, • from : Oregon. " .
. LONDON— Arrived March 29— Ger uhlp Al
sternlxe. hence Oct-4; Br bark 8trathdon,' hnc
Oct so, niijniiwifwinsmil)|i|istiiiisjii -
ACAPULCO— Sailed March 28— Stmr " New
port,-for Panama. ,, ; ...¦,--
MOODYV1LLE— Sailed 'March 25— Chil bark
Admiral TeR-etthoff.- for- Antofa«asta..i -» - ,
VANCOUVER— Arrived: March 2S— Br bark
Beechdale, from Liverpool. - r ¦ . .
NAGASAKI-Sailed- March 24— US* utmra
Thomas nnd Lawton, for, San Francisco. March
25 — U S «tmr:Rosecrans, -for San Francisco
MANILA— Sailed March ra^U S stmr.Grant.
f or ¦ San ' Francisco. v\ ¦ •'. . . -,
ANTWERP— Arrived March 27-Br ship Del
calrnle. from Oregon.- - . ¦ . . .
. CARDIFF— Arrived March 27— Br shlo Ore
all a. from ¦ Oregon. '^ :-.- - - -'¦-* ,'.
! COLON— Arrived March :. 2ft-^Stmr Advance,
from New vYork." :' .". . , • .
¦ Sailed * March ' 26-^Stmr City ; of Washington,
for ! Now York, i - " ; '
:, DOVER- Passed • March 1 2S— Ger ship Alster-"
.nlxer henee Oct 4." for London. '• .-••-« ¦¦*'.
FALMOUTH-Salled • March ' ¦. 23-Ger bark
Bertha, , for . ¦.'-'. ' •
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 70 hours from San
Diego, via San Pedro 64 hours.
Stmr "Whltesboro. Olsen. 73 hours from San
Pedro. *
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 63 hours from Willapa
Harbor.
il S stmr Logan. Stlnson, 28 days from Ma
nila, via Nairaaakl 19 days.
Ger stmr Ilyaden, Garllch. 88 hours from Se
attle.
Jap rtmr Hongkong Maru. Fllmer, 24 days 23
hours from Hongkong, via Yokohama 15 days
12 hours 12 minutes, via Honolulu & days 21
hours 40 minutes.
Br stmr Wellington, 84 hours 'from Comox.
P.r stmr Milton, Raller, 99 hours from Na
naixno.
Bark Gatherer, Tounggren, 7 days from Ta
coma.
Bark Edward May, Hansen, 20 days from
Kahulul.
Brig W G Irwln, Garthley, 6»4 days from
Roche Harbor.
Schr Fortuna. Olsen.80 hours from Eureka.
Schr Gotama, Semson, 4 days from Cooa Bay.
CLEARED.; -
Friday. March 29.
Stmr Sonoma, Van Oterendorp. Honolulu and
Sydney; J D Spreckels A Bros Co.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall. Per-
Stmr Jennie, Easer, Cooks Inlet; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Bark Diamond Head. Peterson. -Honolulu;
"Williams, Dimond & Co. »
SAILED.
Friday, March 29. ,
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Btmr Corona, Glelow. San Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Scotia, Walvlgr. .
Ftmr Ohlco. I>earborn, Eureka.
, Stmr Homer, ' Donaldson, Eureka.
Strar Alcatraz. Carlson. .
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leiand. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Bamca, Gunderson, .
IJr ship Merioneth, Rowlands. Queenstown.
Schr O M.Keliogg, Iverson. Mahukona.
Kchr Sacramento, Nlelson, Sluslaw.
Kchr O M Kelloggr. Iverson," Mahukona.
Bchr Sacramento, Nelson, Coqullle River. .
Schr Mary Buhne," Dannevijr, Eureka.
Schr Lizzie Prlen, . Anderson, Siuslaw River,
in tow of stmr Samoa.
Schr Parkersbursr. Jontenson, Coqullla River.
/ SPOKEN.
Per stmr Matteawan— March 2J, 20 ¦ miles S
of Umatllla „ Lightship, Br bark Beechdale.
from' Liverpool. • for Victoria.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Matteawan, from Tacoma— On
March 27. 10 miles W of 8t George Reef
House, najsed boat bottom : up painted light
blue; looked like sealer's boat..
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 29. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 28 miles p«r hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived March 29— Stmr Eureka,
hence March 27
Balled March. 29— Schr Mabel Gray, for ;
schr Jessie Minor, for Honolulu. ¦
PORT LOS - ANGELES— Arrived , March 29—
Stmr Mlneola and Kr stmr Alffoa, from Na
nalmo; stmr Greenwood, from Greenwood.
ASTORIA— Sailed March 29— Stmr., Columbia,
for San Francisco: Oer : ship , Arthur , Flltger;
IJr ship County ot Llnllthcow. for Queenstown;
stmr Ooodwln. = for Hontrkong:-Bchr Louis," for
Han Francisco:, schrs Occidental and - J - M
Weatherwax, for Bristol Bay; «tmr Eureka, for
San Francisco;: stmr Alliance, -for Coos Bay. '¦"¦.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived March 29-Stmr W H
Kruger," hence March 25. - ;.' . • ¦!:¦-:
. Sailed' March 2»— Stmr Acme, for San Fran
clsco.-'*»nmfi!M««?" in<BW*mtoi»>i ¦" iSjg
CRESCENT CITY— Balled March t*— Stmr
Del Norte. : for , San Francisco. '
UJtrgUA— Arrived March 27— Schr Louise.'
from San ; Pedro. March 2S— Schr Lily, s hence
March'- 14.- .. ' ¦ •• ' ¦ ' . " ¦ ' : '¦ v : '
NEHAL.EM— Arrived March 17— Tug Geo~ n
Vosberg. . with barge C H ; Wheeler in ' tow,
hence March 22.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL, Mlnri.. March 29.— The Great
Northern made a record run from Seattle
to St. Paul with a train load of California
oranges in fifteen refrigerator cars, ar
riving here at noon to-day, being seventy
one ¦ hours on the road. The distance Is
1&7. miles. The trip eclipses the furious
run from St. Paul to Seattle three years
ago, when this road carried a traJn load
of Alaskan reindeer in eighty-four hours.
¦ The oranges were delivered to the Great
Northern, at Seattle by boat from San
Francisco Monday. The warehousemen
worked all Monday night loading the or
anges into the refrigerator cars, and by
noon. Tuesday the record-breaking train
was off and away toward the Cascade
Mountains on Its long flight to St. Paul.
General Traffic Manager Clark says tho
train surpassed the schedule on the
Washington and the mountain divisions..
Tho record-breaker stopped only for
water and fuel, and several passenger
trains wtre left In the rear before the spe
cial started down the eastern slope of the
Rockies. This portion of the homestretch
.was entered early Thursday morning. Tho
Great Northern officials waited with In
terest the reports from- tho dispatcher's
office, .which, were sent in as soon as the
flyer passed each station.
About daybreak . the ¦- train commenced
the run down the mountain slope. From
Cut Bank to Havre, Mont., is a distance
of 130 miles. The special ran down at the
rate ; of .thirty-five- miles an hour. An Im
pression • of -the , fast rate , may be gained
from tho ; fact that a passenger train
which was following was left behind an
hour *¦ and ten minutes when the fast
freight reached Havre.
-The oranges were examined and found
to be in perfect condition. The cars were
at once distributed among the various St.
Paul-Chicago lines and started for the
East. ' ¦:-¦¦¦¦¦ .-, ¦
Great Northern Train With
California Fruit Breaks
Record.
RACES EASTWARD
WITH ORANGES
who saved many lives by towlnpr a boat
to the life-saving station. $150: Giuseppe
Sclarfanl and Accursio Maniscalco. who
brought bodies ashore. $100.
The sum of $200 was donated to the Ital
ian Fishermen's Mutual Benevolent So
ciety to encourage Its members in the sav
ing of life should future occasions arrive.
The medals presented to the fishermen
are of solid gold and are engraved as fol
lows: "Awarded to — — , for saving
lives in the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro,
offered by the community of San Fran
cisco."
The'diplomas of valor read as follows:
Given to tho Italian Fisherman, , who.
on the occasion of the terrible wreck of tho
steamer Rio de Janeiro, which occurred In the
bay of San Francisco in the early hours of
February 22, 1901, spontaneously went to the
place of the disaster, succeeding in saving sev
eral lives. The members of the committee hero
undersigned appointed by the Italian-American
Bank of- San Francisco, who started a sub
scription to reward the valor of those heroic
fishermen, awarded a sold medal to for
his brave and generous action. ~
The donations to the fund were as fol
lows:-
Italian-American Bank. JlCfl: Hon. James I>.
Ph»>ian. $100: Chinese Six . Companies. $200;
cash, $1: cash, SI; San Francisco Savings
Union. $50; Liechtenstein Cerfutl Co., $5: Bank
of California. $100: Hlbcrnia Savings and I/an
Society. $50: Claus Spreckels. $100: F. Greco,
$2; Daniel Meyer. $10: J. D. Spreckels & Bros
$100; J. B. F.- Davis "&. Sons.- $25; Mrs. Dr.
Joseph Peseta, $50; Carolina Morcutto. $1; Jo
seph Musto, $10; The Emporium and Golden
Rule Bazaar. $50: Union Iron Works. $50-
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association.
$100: A. L. Barli, SI; J. A. Folger & Co., $2J;
William Wolff & Co., $5; C. Dondero. $1; Na
tional Fire Insurance Company of Hartford.
$2S; S. Campodonlco. $5; Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company. $50; Sanders & Kirehmann. $10;
Dunham. Carrlgan & Hayden Co.. ¦ $25- G
B. GhlbaiKli. $1: Mutual Saving? Bank. $J3;
Japanese Association of America, $30; German
Savlners and Loan Society. $50; C. Garibaldi
Pasadino. $2; A. - Cassaratto. • Me! - London
Paris and San Francisco Bank. Ltd. $25;
North China Insurance Company, $10; Imperial
Marine and Transport Insurance Com^.iiy, $10-
Columbus Savings and Loan Society. $100 :
Merchants' ¦ ill social ion, $100. Total, $1525 SO.
SOME OF THE HEX WHO WERE HONORED WITH MEDALS, DIPLO
MAS AND GIFTS FOR THEIR WORK IN SAVING LIVES (VFTER THE
WRECK OF THE RIO. -<)• I-;" .V
THE brave Italian fishermen who
saved so many lives on the occa
sion of the loss of the steamship
Rio de Janeiro, on the morning of
February 22 last, were honored yes
terday by the presentation to them of
gold medals, diplomas of valor and gifts
of money by the citizens who contributed
to the fund raised In behalf of the men.
The name of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company is not on the list of subscribers.
Editors Patrizi and Almagla were in
strumental In raising the fund to reward
the fishermen, being aided by President
Sbarboro of the Italian-American Banlc
The sum of $1625 50 was contributed ai,d
a committee was appointed to decide on
a. suitable reward. for the men who sav^d
so many lives. The committee consisted
of Italian Consul Chevalier C. F. Serni,
Andrea Sbarboro, Chevalier Dr. de Vecchi,
Captain F. Lucchetti. I. E. Patrizi. A.
Francovtch, president of the Itallar/ Fish
ermen's Benevolent Society, and G. San
gulnettL
At the Italian-American Bank yester
day the presentations were made to the
fishermen, who gathered together with
their families. The medals and diplomas
of valor were presented by the Italian
Consul and Khort addresses were made by
Dr. de Vecchi, I. E. Patrlzl and A. Sbar
boro.
In addition to the gold medals and the
diplomas of valor, the following money
gifts v.-cre made:
Alberto Gibellia and Antonio VenturJnl,
who saved twenty-four lives. $325: P. A.
Gaspare and Alessandro Adaml. who
paved three lives and save the first news
of the disaster. $275: Gaspare Palazolo and
Giuseppe llacerl, who sa.ved three lives,
$150; Genarro Azzarlto and Alflo A.
Castorino, who saved four lives, among
;hem that of Pilot Jordan. $150; Giu
seppe Bianchi and Ambrlglo Freviga,
and wife, Mr*. Nettle Hart. Mrs. B. C. Hin
man. Dr. Krulle. Dr. J. A. Langrlll, Miss O.
V.. L»avy. Hon. Dr. W. H. Montague and wife.
Dr. Oronhyatekha. F. Psmmore, Arthur H.
Pollard. Robert Rankle, Mrs. M. Rlley, Rev.
J. Skelly. J. Verta*.
For P«»to-Pago— Robert Tlbbltts.
James Martin.
For Auckland — J. D. Harris.
To Join at Honolulu tor Sydney— Mrs. 8. C.
Alr.jworth. Mm. John Barneson and child,
Mies M. Barneson, S. Brown, wife and child.
Owing to some accident to her machin
ery th»» Sonoma was delayed until an early
hour thin morning. The accident was not
serious, but it was thought best to make
the necessary repairs before putting to
Sea.
The remains of the late Captain 'Hart
were shipped to Australia on the Sonoma.
His widow is a passenger on the Bteam-
Khlp. Captain Hart was known for year«
to everybody on the Sydney run as chief
officer oC the Mariposa. Then he was cap
tain of the transport Warren and was fn
command of that vesse' when he fllcd.
Captain Hart was an able seaman, a
most careful navigator and had hundreds
of warm .friends In San Francisco.
Hongkong Maru Arrives.
The Toyo Kisen KaJsha's Hongkong
Maru arrived from the Orient a day aheid
of time yesterday. She encountered heavy
weather on the coast of Japan and wa3 a
day behind leaving Yokohama, but she
made H up and gained a day on the run
to San Francisco. Sho was 21 days 23
hours from Hongkong, via Yokohama 15
days 12 hours and Honolulu 5 days 22
hours 4C minutes.
She brought over fifteen cabin and ten
second cabin passengers and forty-elgut
Chinese and Japanese 'n the steerage. The
cabin paeSengers were:
Colonel G. B. Au«ter. E. W. Dickerson. F.
A Ore«-n. M. Ikeda, P. S. Malcolm. Mlns K.
J Phlllyss, J. D. Powers, J. H. Pyke. K. G.
Rllcy. Mif» E. C. Scarlett, T. W. Travers. H.
C. witidle. J J. Wltkamp and Mr. and Mrs.
T. Gucllck.
M. Ikeda Is on his way to Italy, where
he will be secretary of the Japanese lega
tion at Rome. J. D. Powers is a special
acent of the treasury. He Is a very Kick
man. Captain E. FTeemnn. the nilot wh.)
was carried away on the Sierra, came
home on the Hongkong Maru. Among the
steamship's cargo is 155S bales of silk and
44 cases of opium.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The Anna will load wheat for Europe at 83s
M, rechirtered: the Algburth. wheat at Port
land for ESirope. 37» 6d: the Wtga, same voyage
and rate, prior to arrival; the County of Pem
broke, wheat at Tacoma for Europe, prior to
arrival; the Carrollton. coal at Tacoma for
Honolulu: the Novelty, lumber at Portland for
Sydner. B2» 6d. prior to arrival;. the Planter,
merchandise tor Honolulu.
Tliree rlncir.j? cherrs went up from laOO
soldiers on the United States transport
I»gan. twenty-eight Javs from Manila,
when that vessel cast anchor off BlacK.
Point yesterday. The men comprise all
that is left cf the Thirty-third ard Thirty
fourth Infantry and after a year of tho
hardest kind of campaigning In Xhe Ph'.l
ipplnes they are more than glad to ge:
home. The Thirty-third Infantry left San
Kranelsen about 1300 rtror:£ and It comes
back with only 760 names on tho muster
roll. The Thirty-fourth also-went out 1300
strong and 801 of them came home on th.j
I>oj:an. From a Iiundre«i. to One hundred
:md fifty men of each rcciment were dis
charged in Manila: iho remainder su~
cunibod to disease and FiliDino bullets.
The offircr* ard civilians who came
home in the Logan'e cabi'i were:
Major Gfr.erel S. B. il. Tounr. First Lieutan
«nt II. P. Howard. First Lieutenant w. R. Smed
l>prp. Fourth Cavalry: First Lieutenant Hugh
Williams. General J. S. Catlln. Major William
V. R<>perF. Major Geonre R.- Arthur. Major John
T. KniRht. Lieutenant R. K. Stoesdale and
Mr*. Stocsdale and child. Second Lieutenant
'V. n. Scales. Second Lieutenant C. J. Wun
i.oemcr. Drs. A. M. Garrett and F. H. Monart.
n. J. Davta. Mrs. T>. H. Holly and daughter.
>\ <t!i«m Lawrence. E. n. Uwrrnet. W. Sine,
A. M. Drave. Mi*« May Cleiand. Miss Stella C.
.•^n:iih and Miss Rr>se L. Bodies, Mrs. M. D.
• "rcnln. :
Officers cf the Thirty-fourth Infantry—
Lieutenant Oolonel Ti. L. Hcuze. Major XV.
A. .^hunk. Major J. E. Shellenberser, Dr.
j«. B. Wllkerfon. CkpUlnn C. A. Green. C. M.
Orr. w. E. Danp. O. J. Rollis. F. L. French.
II. C. Bnrns and V. A. PuUlvan. First Lleuten
r.rts s. M. Darfcor. .L. U. Deitrick. W. G. Hea
i"n. J. Mats<»n, St«wid Lieutenants J. R. Ruff.
D. P. Verdi. T. J. Shaw, A. G. Duncan, B. N.
Rittenhoufe.
Officer cf tb? Thirty-third Infantry— Colonel
M. IX Oonln. <~ai>t«ini? F. Hadra. J. P. Butler.
H. L. Jcnkir.ton. Edward Davle. J. H. Huler.
.1. M. Burrows. «. R. Fo»ler. Theodore Sehultz,
U P. Ruckrr and E. N. Coffer. First Lieuten
ants T. fanirheii. W. L. Lowe. H. J. McKln
aer. F. L. «-hase. I>. C. McClelland. Second
I-ieutenams W. M. True. E. G. McDougal, E.
I. Humphrey. R. F. Tate. P. C. MejrlU.
Joined the Ixiean at »?andon, P. I.— -Captain
W. S. Crinninpham. First Lieutenants L. S.
J^fferief. C. L. V.illard and A. M. Pickel. Sec
ond Lieutenant A. E. Oibert end CZ5 enlisted
men cf the Th'.rty-third Irlantry and one stow
8VV«y. • f,:-~ ¦•- !
Besides the cabin passengers and en
listed men th*» Ijosan brought up t«;n
members of the hosuita: corps, ten d!s
« harptd clvfilans. ten disnharped soldiers,
six prisoners and two mascots. In the
hold o? the transport are the remains of
soldiers who died in the Philippines.
The Thirty-third Regiment reached the
Presidio early in the afternoon and was
met at the wharf by a battalion of the
IZighteenth Infantry and the artillery
band and escorted to quarters In the up
per model camp. It was 5 o'clock before
the steamers Resolute and McDowell
landed the Thirty-fourth. It was met by
the same escort which headed the march
to the camp jus=t above that formerly oc
cupied by ihe Tennessee soldiers.
PASSENGEBS FOB ATJSTBALIA.
Oceanic Company's Steamship Sono-
raa Sails for Sydney via Honolulu.
There was a b!r crowd down to see the
Sonoma away for the Southern Seas last
night. The second cabin was filled with
passengers and the following were In the
first 1 cabin:
F\>c Hnnolulu— "W. 51. Armstrong-, W. A.
Backhouse, R. L. Beckwith, E. M. Bord. C.
A. Bruns, A. Buneman, L. Burrows, Miss C
J. Otrter, Miss W. A. Clark. D. J. Coleraan.
wife and child. 8. H. Comrtoek. Mrs. CU n.
«"*»r>lr im two cfcnaren. Urn Charles J. Deer
i"«r. T. F\ I>re<3p-e. mtttt. three children and
maJ3. X. ITaton. Georre D. G*ar, Mrs.
R. © Ger. . C. P. Griniworxl and wife. Mis*
F. H«J1. Grcrge Hammer. Mi*s Jean Harwood,
n. <3. Henderson. MUi H. Hitchcock. J. Fr~d
*rlck H"*k<?n. C. Irish. HJchard Johnson. Mrs.
n. A- Judson. »Iis» C. Judson. David Law
rence. R. T. Lees. A. L. Loulwcn. A. D. Mc-
Pry<Se ar.<J wife. J. T. MeCrosson. D. J. Me-
Kay. C. F. McVeijrh. M:ss E. Meyer. C. H.
Miller. M. D. Monnarr&t. S. A. Monsarrat,
Mrs. C. Nichols and rhild. Miss E. C Potts.
J. P. H!ch. Mr*. [« M. RobertFon. Dr. W. W.
Roble* and wife. Mrs. A. W. Rogers. Miss E.
M. P-crer*. N. S. Sach* and wife. J. F. Scott
• n<i wife. C. M. Smith and wife. J. G. Smith
wife and child. Mr?. F". O. HodTrren. J S
Spritzer. W. M. Warren. H. M. Whitney Jr
X!e« K. Wilson.
For Sydney— William Aitch!*on. Doujrlas N.
Ancelor. F. Ash. Mm. E. Haume. Miss M.
IJrunp. IvJfss A. rtryr>«>*. H. Buchanan. MJ*s
E. M. Cimroti. W. W. Dan ley and wife, C.
Dcbson. Finlay M. Druir.aiond. G. A. Fraser
rnd wife. Mis* DorotW Fraser. Mies Rona
Krsser. Master Fcnwtck Fraser. E, Hargrove
Three Bousing Cheers Are Given by
the Men as the Vessel Comes
to Anchor Off Black
Point.
Return From the Phil
ippines.
Fifteen Hundred Volunteers
LOGAN ARRIVES
WITH SOLDIERS
Gold Medals, Diplomas of Honor and Floney Gifts
Presented to Brave Toilers of the Sea.
REWARDED FOR SAVING LIVES
AFTER THE WRECK OF THE RIO
9
THE SA^ FRAKCISCO^
Steamer.
'rom.
>ut>.
__ 1
Curacao Mexican Ports ........ Mar. 30
Noin« City. San Diego Mar. J)
Del Norte Crescent City Mar. 30
Arequtpa Valparaiso & Way Pts Mar. 30
Eureka .. Humboldt Mar. 30
Mamlalay Coquille River Mar. 30
Argto Coqullle River Mar. 30
Grace Dollar... San Pedro Mar. 31
Kvarven.:. N'analmo Mar. 31
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 31
Acme TlUamook Bay Mar. 31
Queon San Diego & Way Pts Mar. 31
Costa. Rica Acapulco Mar. SI
Bonlta Newport ......I Mar. 31
Tcllus...... Oyster Harbor Mar. 31
Mackinaw Seattle Apr. 1
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 1
Fulton Grays Harbor Apr. 1
Pomona.... Humboldt Apr. l
Chas. D. Lane..SeattI« ;.' Apr. 2
Pentaur.... Hamburg & Way Ports Apr. 2
T'matllla Puget Sound . Ports..... Apr. t
Washtenaw Tacoma Apr. 2
Arcata Coo« Bay Apr. 2
Rainier.. Seattle & N. Whatcom Apr. 3
Marlposa Honolulu ......'..... Apr. 3
Corona....: Newport .....V Apr. 3
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports Apr. 3
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apr. 4
Hanta Rosa San Diego Apr. 4
Zealandia.. Honolulu. |Apr. 4
Newburg Grays Harbor lApr. 4
Coronado Grays Harbor Apr. 4
North Fork..... Humboldt Apr. 4
Crescent City... Crescent City Apr. 4
G.W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 5
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Coquille Rlvc
Ran Pedro....
Nome City...
Gaelic
Czarina
Point Arena..
Santa Rosa...
Acapulco
Eureka.;:.'.: 'I
Walla Wai!;
O. Dollar
Centennial...
Empire......^
Argo..:. ......
Mandalay. . ..
Bonlta
Roanoke......
March SO. I
"5rays Harbor ....
'¦Tutnboldt ..........
Humboldt
China and Japan..
Seattle & Tacoma.
Point Arena .......
- March 31.
San Diego
April 1.
"anama & Way Pt
nmholdt
uret Souirl Ports.
3 rays Harbor ....
April •£.
Seattle & Tacoma'.
Coos Bay ..........
Coquille River ....
Coquille River ....
Newport.
N. Y. via ! Panama
April 3.
"-fumboldt .....
Tlllamook Bay ...
Vstorla ft Portland
Grays' Harbor ....
San Dlcgo '..
April 4.
Valparaiso ft Way
Coos Bay
-April 5.
Newport
I I
4 pm|Pler —
10 am I Pier 2
12 mlPler 3
1 pmlPMSS
12 m Pier 8
2 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
12 -m PMSS
12 . m Pier 13
H am Pier 9
12 m|Pler.2
10 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 13
2 pm Pier t
— pm Pier 2
» am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 16
2 pm Pier 9
12 m Pier 13
11 am Pier ;i
5 pm Pier —
9 am Pier 11
S.W. 3
13 an Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
Pomona......
Acme..":..;:...
Columbia..."..
Fulton. ..r;.;:
Queen....;....
Arequlpa
Arcata
Corona........
Tlmel" '. Time '; ; Time Time '•'
ate ! L'Wl | 7r ~! H'AVi _~ L Wj ~~^~\ H W i'-?>
SO ... 2:13 2.4 8:13 6.0 2:K 0.5 9:27 B.2
31 ... '3:02 1.9 9:11] 'B.I 3:20 0.7 10:03 5.4
1 ... 'S:49i"*l«5 10:05 '5.0 - 4:00 1.0 10:38 5 4
2 ... '4:50 1.2 10:54 B.O 4:32 1.3 11:07 ,6.4
3*-.. 5:06 1.0 11:39 4.» 6:01 1.5 11:84 54
4... :6:JS ••'0.7 12:24 4.S*B:3I .1.8 11:59 5 - 4
5 .:. 6:11 0.5 1:06 4.6| 6:01| "2.1|.y.... ."..;
Steamer.
'rom.
>ut>.
__ 1
Curacao Mexican Ports ........ Mar. 30
Noin« City. San Diego Mar. J)
Del Norte Crescent City Mar. 30
Arequtpa Valparaiso & Way Pts Mar. 30
Eureka .. Humboldt Mar. 30
Mamlalay Coquille River Mar. 30
Argto Coqullle River Mar. 30
Grace Dollar... San Pedro Mar. 31
Kvarven.:. N'analmo Mar. 31
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 31
Acme TlUamook Bay Mar. 31
Queon San Diego & Way Pts Mar. 31
Costa. Rica Acapulco Mar. SI
Bonlta Newport ......I Mar. 31
Tcllus...... Oyster Harbor Mar. 31
Mackinaw Seattle Apr. 1
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 1
Fulton Grays Harbor Apr. 1
Pomona.... Humboldt Apr. l
Chas. D. Lane..SeattI« ;.' Apr. 2
Pentaur.... Hamburg & Way Ports Apr. 2
T'matllla Puget Sound . Ports..... Apr. t
Washtenaw Tacoma Apr. 2
Arcata Coo« Bay Apr. 2
Rainier.. Seattle & N. Whatcom Apr. 3
Marlposa Honolulu ......'..... Apr. 3
Corona....: Newport .....V Apr. 3
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports Apr. 3
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apr. 4
Hanta Rosa San Diego Apr. 4
Zealandia.. Honolulu. |Apr. 4
Newburg Grays Harbor lApr. 4
Coronado Grays Harbor Apr. 4
North Fork..... Humboldt Apr. 4
Crescent City... Crescent City Apr. 4
G.W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 5
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Coquille Rlvc
Ran Pedro....
Nome City...
Gaelic
Czarina
Point Arena..
Santa Rosa...
Acapulco
Eureka.;:.'.: 'I
Walla Wai!;
O. Dollar
Centennial...
Empire......^
Argo..:. ......
Mandalay. . ..
Bonlta
Roanoke......
March SO. I
"5rays Harbor ....
'¦Tutnboldt ..........
Humboldt
China and Japan..
Seattle & Tacoma.
Point Arena .......
- March 31.
San Diego
April 1.
"anama & Way Pt
nmholdt
uret Souirl Ports.
3 rays Harbor ....
April •£.
Seattle & Tacoma'.
Coos Bay ..........
Coquille River ....
Coquille River ....
Newport.
N. Y. via ! Panama
April 3.
"-fumboldt .....
Tlllamook Bay ...
Vstorla ft Portland
Grays' Harbor ....
San Dlcgo '..
April 4.
Valparaiso ft Way
Coos Bay
-April 5.
Newport
I I
4 pm|Pler —
10 am I Pier 2
12 mlPler 3
1 pmlPMSS
12 m Pier 8
2 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
12 -m PMSS
12 . m Pier 13
H am Pier 9
12 m|Pler.2
10 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 13
2 pm Pier t
— pm Pier 2
» am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 16
2 pm Pier 9
12 m Pier 13
11 am Pier ;i
5 pm Pier —
9 am Pier 11
S.W. 3
13 an Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
Pomona......
Acme..":..;:...
Columbia..."..
Fulton. ..r;.;:
Queen....;....
Arequlpa
Arcata
Corona........
Tlmel" '. Time '; ; Time Time '•'
ate ! L'Wl | 7r ~! H'AVi _~ L Wj ~~^~\ H W i'-?>
SO ... 2:13 2.4 8:13 6.0 2:K 0.5 9:27 B.2
31 ... '3:02 1.9 9:11] 'B.I 3:20 0.7 10:03 5.4
1 ... 'S:49i"*l«5 10:05 '5.0 - 4:00 1.0 10:38 5 4
2 ... '4:50 1.2 10:54 B.O 4:32 1.3 11:07 ,6.4
3*-.. 5:06 1.0 11:39 4.» 6:01 1.5 11:84 54
4... :6:JS ••'0.7 12:24 4.S*B:3I .1.8 11:59 5 - 4
5 .:. 6:11 0.5 1:06 4.6| 6:01| "2.1|.y.... ."..;
m Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
•*Gr*n-8olTenf dlssolres Strlcturs lifee now b*»
nea.tn the nun. redacts Enlarged Prostate an*
itrenjthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains xa4
Emission* In Fifteen Hays. .
No rim** to ruin tbe ttoniseh, but » direct local
•ad poslttve application to tbe entire urethral tracv
Gran-Solvent Is not a liquid. It Ss prepared I*
Ik* form of Cmyon» or Pencils, smooth andflexlU*
•ad M narrow m to pus tbe closest stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tho St. James iun.. Box 83«. Cincinnati, O^ baa
•repared at great expense an exhaust- P> n 3~ P f
h« illustrated Treatise upon tbe male L U L L I
sTitem, which Uxur will tend to any | nr f" t
m* 1 * applicauU . I Ili.fc.1
ST J1MFS i^SM 2 50 ELM ST.,
? if .j • Ai?1M A* J«m_ Cincinnati! Ohio.
THE EARLY BIRD
Catches the worm — If you've been caught
on poor laundry work drop us a card or
call us up on the 'phone and we'll call for
and return your next bundle In a condition
that'll make yoitfr Easter outfit doubly
pleasing to you.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts if
you order it-
No saw edges.
No saw edges.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av*.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Offlca 1004 Market Straat
THANKFUL TO Mbs.PINKHAM
Letters Proving Positively that
there is No Medicine for Woman's
Ills Equal to Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound.
(jS .¦¦(HR5. ANNIE THOMPSONS |^y
(ALL LETTEBS XBZ PTTBUSEXD BT SPECIAL PZSXUSIOX)
"I cannot say enough in regard to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
It has done me more good than all the doctors. I have been troubled with
female weakness in its worst form for about ten years. I had leucorrhoea
and was so weak that I could not do my housework.
I also had falling of the womb and inflammation of the womb and ovaries,
and at menstrual periods I suffered terribly. At times my back would ache
very hard. I could not lift anything or do any heavy work ; was not able to
stand on my feet long at a time. My husband spent hundreds of dollars for
doctors but they did me no good. My husband's sister wrote what the Vege-
table Compound had done for her, and wanted me to try it, but I did not then
think it would do me any good. After a time, I concluded to try it, and I can
truly say it does all that is claimed for it. Ten bottles of the Vegetable Com-
and seven packages of Sanative Wash have made a new woman of me, I have
had no wer%b trouble since taking the fifth bottle. I weigh more than I have
in years ; can do all my own housework, sleep well, have a pood appetite, and
now feel that life is worth living. I owe all to Lydia E. Pinkham's
etable Compound. I feel that it has saved my life and would not be with-
out it for anything. I am always glad to recommend it to all my sex, for I
know if they will follow Mrs. Pinkham's directions, they will be cured."
Gratefully yours, Mbs. Ajs'xie Thompson, South Hot Springs, Ark.
CHANGE OF LIFE. PROFUSE PERIODS.
"Iwastakenrfck r^T-^v. "I commenced
five years agx> with c >^3£Sft*3^7 *-i^»,« t ,,/*?., Tr> y^J'^v
w? #% SSSb #%
was given up by V KffirWI about 3 months {Jfea t
the doctor ana my I nT^ gjf ago, and cannot t¥ < TL? ? W
f ? e T n v* J^T L V» if \ «P^» the won- f \ SS Pi
of Life began to V^VM \: derful good it has \ \^ /
work on me I V^^^^T done me. Men- ] h^^i \
flowed very badly JSmmg^fi struationswere so %L^^4^
until a year ago WgS&^ prof use as to leave MmSs&&®
then my stomach me very weak for *&$&&&**&/>
and lungs got so . Borne time after.
I vomited it up? 1 could not eat feeling, bearing down sensation,
scarcely anything 1 . I iannot tell what pain across the back and thighs. I
I suffered with my head. My hus- felt as though there was a heavy
band got me a bottle oi Lydia E. Pink- weight in my stomach all the time,
ham's Vegetable^Compound, and before x t^en two bottles of the medi-
M n. Pinkham's medicine hai sarad my itenhaHmtmvjnrz."
life. I cannot praise it enough.** Mbs. TiTZ/.iK DiCKSoar Horx3E,
M. A. DrasoNV Millport, N.Y. Avalon, Ohio.
I A ia A g% f% REWARD. —We have deposited with the National City Bank of Lyr h, $5000, I
\T t% 1 1 3 1 1 1 trhich vrill b« paid to any person vrbo can find that the above textimoniM letters I
ari- S3 11 P3 § are noi genuine, or were published b«foro obtainlnz the writer's special per- 1
mission. • LYDIA E. PDJKHAM MEDICINE COT j
STICK RIGHT TO IT
And Coffee Will "Do You" Good and
Brown, if You Are Highly
Organized.
It Is remarkable how persistently men
or women will stick to a «3ruc through
thick and thin, even after they become
convinced that the drug Is slowly killing
them. .
Tliis Is Illustrated thousands of tim^s
every day. A cample case Is that of F.
I*. Wolford of Columbus. Ohio, who says
;ha.t all fcis life, since a boy when he be-
paiT drinking coffee, he has been any-
thing but robust, or even in what might
be termed good health. He has tried all
w>rts of <!ru^s and tonics and consulted
rr.ary doctors. He quit tobacco, avoided
all intoxicating drinks, stopped eating
pastry and took life easy as far as work
•was concerned, but the same old trouble
continued and he could not get well.
He Etuck to the coffee because, he said.
"I could not do without It. The climax
came about a year ago. I went all to
pieces with nervous prostration, neu-
rasthenia and insomnia. The physician
absolutely demanded t*:at I cease drink-
Ing coffee and put me on Postum Food
Coffee.
"I very much disliked to think that I
must take something In place of coffee,
but to my surprise I found that Postum
was so oVlicious and so exactly like first-
rlass Java coffee In taste that I got on
with it very well.
"After a few days I began to notice that
I craved Postum as much as I had the old
coffee, and the longer I use Postum the
more satisfied I become with it, until to-
day I look upon Postum as the 'real
thins' and the ordinary coffee as the 'sub-
stitute.'
"I would not rive one cup of Postum
for all the coffee that grows In Central
America, not only as a drink, but for
what It has done for my health. I have
built up again until I arh in better health
than I ever was. and owe- the entire
praise to Postum. It Is simply a case of
Iraving off a poison and using a healthrul
food drink, containing powerful elements
of nutrition.
"Many among: ray own friends have quit
f-offee and begun using Postum Food
Coffee: fflfljfftWflS
."Richard 'vrilhelm. 823 Hast Main
street, and his wife both suffered from
dyspepsia, but were cured by quitting cof-
fee and using Postum Food Coffe*.
"James Netikamp. a grocer on East Ful-
ton Btreet, had liver complaint. He has
been greatly benefited by leaving off coffee
and taking Postum.
"I can elvt) you the names of a. number
of others \rho have either been enUrely
cured or greatly benefited by the use of
Post tun."
POSTUM CEEEAL.
A visit OR- JORDAN'S srhtJ
JHUSEOM OF flHfiTOHYl
T .Of -TlM Larmt Anatomical Mm.jm in tfta \
m j^. A, V/oi»d. ¦• Wa»B"m or any contneted m
6 l*2&ii «»• rfORSA-S-fHrtATS DISEASES 0
\ I^»I Co.nnttatian fr-« tnd ttrictJT prirmta: \
m i m'mi Tn nment pcrtonatiy or br letter. A B
\ 8 7 il H J"—-n— l\m in nnj ease nnd«TUk«a. \
ilff \\&, Wrta for Book. PSlL«SOPnT«f A
™ U IT *• **• nuee. u mud van. (&¥
X : A . n, '. «alaaM« book fcc nwa J \
f »B. JilSDAXikC*.. ICilMarSetaL.ar V
ADVERTISEMENTS.. Bradstreet's on : Trade.
CHICAGO, March 29.— The corn pit was over
flowing with traders at the opening and their
eyes were fastened on George who was
believed to have control of the market, or to be
very : close to a " commanding position. Light
country offerings, despite higher bids sent out
last night,; small: receipts and the diminishing
proportion . of contract ' grade ; in them ' were In
fluences .which kept the bullish blood circulat
ing. Phillips, whose' line of long stuff is va
riously estimated in the. millions, met the tide
of buying orders and these ; came ¦ from nearly
all quarters with many fifty and hundred thou
sand lots. Opening sales 'were at 42T4@43c arid
during ; the; first fifteen minutes the market
climbed, to 43Vic. .The Phillips' selling carried
in its: wake other holdings: from traders wno
are'; accustomed . to follow , him. . The quantities
tossed about: were of record-breaking • volume.
So. broad was the demand, however, that the
Intense pressure succeeded in .forcing the mar
ket -'only i to 42*4c - Here;: Phillips ceased his
liquidation. •< In. accounting .for Phillips' move
If. was, said' he 'had ;been.- selling; most of his
stuff- to ¦; brokers^, who *. were really his agents,
and that he ; had attempted to shake out weak
longs and lend 'confidence to the bears to secure
a firmer hold on the market.'"? Phillips became a
buyer: before * 'the,-" noon;' .hour 'and this so
alarmed • shorts • that ¦: the >¦ market ' speedily - re-"
acted, 'May advancing. to 44c, "the highest price
this season for May • delivery. U The close was
buoyant, * lc ; over ; yesterday, at < 43T4c/ ¦
Oats - broke ;' from : theirs usual narrow/ path.
The feature was the corn strength. May closed
»/4c higher at 25*«ic. ¦ ~ q ; -.'.-. ¦,:- -;¦.¦.: .:•.-¦ -
Wheat was dull and neglected in favor of the
greater attractions. in neighboring pits. Trade
was. professional In character most of the ses
sion and "the tone easy: on the whole : in conse
quence ! of liberal receipts, i good ; crop ' prospects
and • the ; favorable ; weather. -.-. May sold . between
75%® 76c * during -the forenoon and later rallied
to 76'ic on export sales at'the seaboard and in
sympathy with corn. .The close found, the mar
ket at^76Vic, >4® %o ¦'; higher:, than. yesterday's
final i fl linn niiN | M>''1tjTiT>»>ilTiKiT < rtl l >l(lll<^**il|ii*iy^ji
¦ - Provisions started out heavy because Western
receipts ' were - in excess of , the number, at hand
on the corresponding day a year ago, 'and be-
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK. March 29.— Bradstreet's finan
cial re\'Iew to-morrow will say:
Transactions have again been of .large vol
ume and public interest in -the stock market
has been on an Increasing scale, though lt can
not be said that stock , speculation at present
assumes a form which might be described as
even approximating' a "boom." Conditions
have been generally favorable and sentiment
•favors a continuance | of the bullish move
ment, even though prices In many cases have
I reached a level which causes conservative ln-
I terests to Indulge in misgivings. At times the
I market ¦ phows the effect of being somewhat
over manipulated, hut its Intervals of dull
ness are of . brief duration and the upward
movement Is soon resumed. ....
The announcement- that about $250,000 In gold
bars would be Bhipped to : Europe this week
produced on Wednesday a marked although
temporary halt In the bullish movement, while
fears of war between Japan and ¦ Russia had
an effect also. The gold shipping transaction
was a special arrangement and apparently has
reference to the' approaching' flotation of. the
German loan of 300, 000,000- marks.
¦ The f oreign exchange has been strong . and
advanced, and ¦ there ¦ Is a decided I Impression
that I/ondon and Paris will call on us for a
considerable amount of specie durlng'the pres
ent sprlng.v The' feeling', In banking, circles,
however. Is optimistic as to the effects of such
a movement. , and money, continues easy, I (Stock
market, borrowers being still able .to supply all
their requirements at. below '3 per. cent on call
and at from 3V4 to 4 per rent on time. :.It is
als? noticed that lenders ¦ of money > as - a ; rule
are . less ; disposed • to discriminate , against.- In
dustrial collaterals. ) The success | of - the ¦ great
steel, deal and. the belief -that the new . United
States steel stocks will not: only be a leading
feature of the market from now on but will
develop an intrinsic value' of , a high • order
. seems to have removed from many minds the
doubts which have heretofore operated against
industrial •- stocks, < even - of . the best . class,' in
connection with speculative operations of loans.
Bradstreet's Financial Revic7v. \
New York Stock Market.
NETY YORK, March 3.— There was another
<5ev of v«>ry heavy speculation In the stock
msrkrt to-day. The Individual examples of
notable strength served as an effective prop
to the whole market and kept the bullish
ert*"'t. «n the ssc^ndant. although proflt-taking
«¦»? on an enormous scale all day. The move
ment was not especially connected with any
new «1rv«»!r»prn«-nt5. but everything received a
favorable tni'rrretation from the enthusiastic
bulls, and if anything unfavorable came, to
their notice it was totally ignored. Burlington
and J"nite<J States Steel stocks were the most
conrpi^uou* 1 features In the market, as was
the rare yesterday, and their strength had a
oV-<-irivo influence on the whole list. Bur
linrt^n was buoyant from the outset, mount
ing 4'j points over last night's close in the
cpfTiIr.R transaction by successive stages of
half a point at a time on absorption of 13.000
».harrr. ?Co authorized announcement wa»
nia.d» of the closing of the Northern Paolflc-
Durlington deal, but the sr>^culators accepted
t>» aSMrttaCJ that the plan was "ripe." There
«a? r furinus i»r-eculation In this Mock which
•-arri^d it up through successive reactions to
175. with the close only a shade below that.
Th* jront -taking in Northern Pacific waa very
heavy, carrying the Ftock down IK from the
top level an<j closing at only a small rally
with a net lore of *». Tho (Treat volume of
drailr.Kf In United states Steel stocks was
<x>nt*-mplatrd with d^lig-ht by the commission
hrok<-!-» ss an rarnrft of the pnsyiM titles of an
sirti\^ epeculation in a stock comprising a
'•¦•.pital of 8.S«C.000 rharf*. The day's busl
n«*s *:i the common Eto>^k amounts to 153,00)
Fharft* an<1 in th* preferre<l to 12<>.O03 shares.
t<T fT both 17 \>fr cent of the total transac
tions. The corr.tncm stock was lifted at one
tl:YK- IS to 46 and. the preferred 3»4 to 96. The
offerings brought out at this level were enor
mAuy, end ai'iaremly the Fupportcrs of the
were rat!Kf>d to maintain them at near
that level, whirh was done to the end. There
wa» a very notable demand for high grade
Investment stocks and for pome others on
which the dividend return is rtill at a high
rat*., in this class Northwestern was lifted
">'«. Bt. Paul and Omaha R. La.rkawanna 9.
T>< lav.aif aad Hudson C\. New York Central
7. «-x-dividend; Illinois Central r» ind West
ern fnion SVj.
Th«»r<» were various other points of Ftrensth.
ln^luiilng the Readings, the New York public
utilities, the SraHtinr stocks on a rebound
from yesterday's <i?prefslnn. People's Gas and'
other !<frrf-Vcs, including the Granger*
•he HritF. the TVheeJIng ar.d Lake E ries, the
Srtuthwettern group showed the effects of re»l-
Izinir. Surar w«s under . pressure. The
f»ct that no *>nga cements of gold were made
for to-morrow's steamer was regarded as - a
favcrable factor, although the sterling ex
change market was called firm at a slightly
lower level. In vympathv, with somewhat easier
/IlFcnur.ts In London. T»e promise of an unfa
vorable l»ank statement *was ignored.
There was less activity in the bond market
»n-day an'l the nri<v> mox'ement was irregular.
Total eales. $S.K£.000. United States new • 4s
»<"vancpil 'i per cent on the last call. . "
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shores Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
i*.?"0 Atchison J. 61*i
12.*.'/) Atchison prefd 85*,
I.noo Baltimore & Ohio KM
3no <'aru>d;an P»c!llc 9J
ti.'M «-£inada Southern 64V
MN) CheKapeahe Sc Ohio .46*;
Vxt CMcajra <»rest Western 22*4
IT7.«rt. <"hlfapi TJurllnrton & Quincy.. 174^,
8,*<0 Chicago Ind £z L&uUville 34
Local stocks and bonds were active on the
morning session. Contra Costa, Watar was
higher at $7123572, whll* MaJcaweli declined
to $40 and Spring Valley Water to $32.
In the afternoon Contra. Coats "Water ad
vanced still further to $72 62H> and thera were
sales of Oceanic at $36055 25.
The oil stocks were only moderately act! vt
and prices showed little fluctuation.
The Best & Belcher Minlns Co. has levied an
assessment of lac, delinquent May 3.
The Market-street Railway Company has de
clared a dividend of 60c per share, payable on
April 10.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay
a dividend of $1 per share to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHAtfGX.
FRIDAY. March 23— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s coupon ....UI'illJ'jNj coup (new).l33*«139i«
4s registered.. 113H114 )3s quar coup..lU*4UrVi
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 6s.lO3H — Oceanic S3 Sa.104 —
Cal-st Cab 5S.116S — Om C R 6s....l2S*4 —
C C Water 5s.lO9 — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100»i
E L & P 6s..l2Sisl33H Pk * Cl R Ss.105 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — Pk & O R Bs.117 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Powell-st R «sl20 —
Haw C 5»i»...109 — S E O ft R 5s. 93 —
Haw C 5s ....104*4 — S F & SJV 5s.l21*4 —
L A R R 5S..113 — S R of Cal &».11O —
L A L Co 6s.. — — SPRofAto
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 (1909) 113 —
Do gntd 8S..100 — Do 11910) m —
L A P R R 5S102H — S P C 69 (1905,
Markt-st C 6S.1274130 Series A) ... — HO^
Do 1st c 63.121*4 — Do(Sertes B)m*iH1'<
NCNGRTs- 113»4 Do (1906) .... — 113»i
N R of Cal «sll3 — Do (1312) ....122% —
V R of Cal 5sl20»i — S P C 1st g 5slO8U —
N P C R R 6sl01V» — S P Br R Ss.l33H —
NPCRR oslOSVa — S V Water 6s.ll3> s —
NCR 5s Ill — S V Water 4s.lO3*i —
O O L & H SsllOtJ — Do 3d mtg..lO2H —
Oak Tr Co «s116>4117 Stkn G & E 6slOO —
Oak W Co 5s. 100 100U
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 72Vi 73 [Spring Valley. W —
Marin County. 53»i — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P.. — 4 Pac Lt Co....— 43
Equit Gas 3 3'i Sac E G & R. — 40
Mat Elec Lt. — SVi S F O & E.. 44** 44'i
O (1 L & H... 50 — San Francisco. 4>* 4» 3
Pac Gas Imp. — 44 Stktn G A E. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.233 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal ....TO T? 1^ Lon P A A 148 —
Bank of Cal.. .403 410'i Mer Ex <llq).. 1« —
Cal Safe Dep.106 — S F National. — 123
1st N of S F. — 312'i
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ISCO 1300 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt . — — Security 27J —
Mutual 55 — Union Trust .. — —
S V. Sav U 510 — o
STREET RAILROAD STOCKR
Californla-st ..' — 1*0 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st «Vj — • Presidio — 30
Market-st .... 70 70* J
rOWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. - 83 IVIgorlt 2^i 3H
SUGAR STOCKS.
liana Plan ... V* S Bvllauea 21 —
Haw Com .... «7V» 69 ftfakaweli — 40
Honokaa ...... 31T» 32U|Onomea ....... 21*4 29
Hutch S P.... 23 S2^|Paauhau 31% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.'.Ul — Oceanic S3 Co 54 55
Cal Fruit Can 97^100 Pac A FA..;. 2 — :
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — Pac C Bor Col32 ¦ ~
iler Ex Assn. 105 — >Par Paint Co. 18 : — .
Morning Session.
SO Alaska Packers' Assn , ....Ul (A
Continued on Page Thirteen,
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S5&
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling 'Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, ..u."t — 12^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce — 69*S
Mexican Dollars, nominal. 60 . @ 61
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— All markets were firmer, though
there was no particular advance except at San
Francisco, this market being higher, both on
and oft call, with a good demand for shipment.
Chicago opened dull and unchanged, with a
bearish crowd, but t>.e strength ' In coarse
grains made the shorts nervous and they did
some covering. There was more talk of insect
damage, which may be a factor later on. Du
luth reported that stocks would increase there
half a million bushels for the week, while
Minneapolis estimated a decrease of 5000. Ar
gentine shipments for the week were 1.3S6.000
bushels acalnst 1,912,000 for the same week
last year.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 01U@l 02& choice,
$103% ; milling. $IO5@1O7U per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock-May— 20C0 ctls,
$1 03% ; 2000. $1 03*.;.: . 2000. $1 04 ; WOO, $1 03T-4- .
Second Session — May — 14,000 ctls, 11 04. Decem
ber— 4000, tl 07; 40C0. II 06%.
Regular Morning Session— 4000 ctls, $104<4;
4000. $1 04. '¦. December— 2000. $1 07; 4000, $1 07H.
Afternoon Session— No sales. .
BARLEY — Some dealers are reporting: a very
good demand for shipment and the tendency of
the market la upward.
Feed. 76M&77%c for choice bright; 75c for
No. 1 and 72'/s@73%c for oft grades: Brewing
and Shipping grades, 80@S5c ; Chevalier, nom
inal ' ' ¦ : - . ¦ - . ¦ '. . "¦ • ' ¦ , " - ; ' ¦ ¦ . '. ¦ .'¦""¦¦'
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 2C00 ctls. 74c.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls, 73c
10CC, 74%c.V. -
Afternoon Session— No sales.
'OATS— Dealers reported rather more. business
vesterday.' with some ¦ bids for ¦ round lots.
White ?135<3sl&0: Surprise, nominal; Red. Jl 30
@1 45; Black. $1 15©1 25 per ctl. .
CORN— Offerings continue neglected^ Yellow,
$1 1O@1 13: White, $1106115; Eastern, mixed.
ui2u per cti. agsagsBjgrifggg
RYE— 80085c per ctl. '
. BUCKWHEAT— Is • quoted; at ¦ $1 6j®1 70 per
ctl, ex- warehouse.'
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— Calif ornla ¦ Family Extras. $3 25®
3 50 usual terms; Bakers', Extras.' $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, ' $2 75®2 85 per. barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for .; bakers' ; Washington/ bakers', $2 75
-MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows 'usual, discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60: • Rice Flour, , $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra' cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny '$3 60SI3 75; I" -Buckwheat: Flour, |4©4 25;
Cra'cked Wheat." $3 50; Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat - Flour, ' $3 25; Rolled Oat» (barrels),
$6 10®7 60r ' In sacks, . $5 75@7*25; 'Pearl . Barley,
%i- Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay [and Feedstuff s.
Hay dealers are • quoting ' a soft . and quiet
market with ? liberal .supplies; /though prices
show no change.'- Feedstufts stand as before.
BRAN— $15 50j£16 per ton. -
-MIDDLINGS-J16 50619 50,per;ton.
¦ FEEDSTUITS— Rolled Barley.* $16 dO®17. per
ton: Oilcake Meal at'the mill, $25@2S; Jobbing.
{26 60; Cocoanut. Cake. <$17«il8; Corn Meal, $25©
25 £0; '• Cracked : Corn. < $23 50626; Mixed Feed.
Slaty 16. ¦-- • -- ¦¦•; -• --•*¦ ¦ ¦''"¦¦ ¦•'"• ' ; -'- ; ¦"•' ¦ ¦"-"-¦ •--'
HA Y— Volunteer. $3fl8; .Wheat, $11613; Wheat
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. March 23.-R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
The condition of general business is in more
respects satisfactory. The dry goods traders
gloomy, with further reductions In prices ' of
staple goods this week and demand failing to
increase with the 'shading of quotations, but
from every other department of business re
ports are cheerful and ihe outlook for a good
spring retail turn over Is encouraging. There
is little difficulty over : collections In any dl
tection.and the mercantile demand for money
from numerous quarters Is proof of the con
fidence felt among manufacturers and jobbers.
The labor situation is more tranquil. . ¦ .
Aside from the expected advance in struct
ural shapes there Is comparative steadiness in
Iron and steel. After more or leas\ advance
every week for two months it is gratifying
to flnd that Bessemer pig remained seven days
without alteration. The tone Is flrm and pro
ducers report all recent cales for early delivery.
While exports of cruder forms are light, other
countries having reduced prices until compe
tition Is felt, there is no diminution In the
foreign demand for bridge material and other
finished products.
Prices of boots and shoes are well sustained
without any quotable change. New England
chops report fewer oniers, but most concerns
h.tve sufficient work for some months on old
contracts. Japanned g'seds and chromo patent
kid are In special request. Most lines of sole
leather are firmly held, while receipts of glazed
kid and patent leather are quickly absorbed. at
steady prices.
That the bottom price.s for wool have been
reached at last Is evidenced by the growing
unwillingness of holders to make concessions,
the greater activity of dealers and: indications
that purchases for speculation are of consid
erable volume. Transactions show a material
gain at the leading markets, while shipments
from Boston exceed those of preceding weeks.
Efforts to secure even fractional advances in
quotations, however, end negotiations. Manu
facturers are not inclined to accumulate stocks.
The new clip moves very slowly, consignors
accompanying shipments with Instructions not
to sell at current figures. ; .
It was not possible to maintain the small
recovery late last week In raw cotton and sub
sequent reaction established a new low record
for the crop year.
Wheat did not respon-1 to rumors of damage,
but found reason for strength in Atlantic ex
ports, including flour. In four weeks of 11,432.
847 bushels, against 6,073,762 bushels In 1900.
Failures for the week numbered 206 In the
United States, against 203 last year, and 29 in
Canada, acalnst 33 last year. J
NEW TORK, , March 29.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20,800 barrels: exports, 16.800 barrels. Fairly
active and firmer on the strength of wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 94,500 bushels'; no exports.
Spot, firm; No.' 2 red, 82c f.'o.b. afloat; No.' 2,
8OV2C elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 90%c
f. o.' b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 93c f. o, b.
afloat. ¦ Options were dominated ' all day by
strength of corn and ruled generally firm, al
though quiet. Closing firm at %c net advance.
May, 80H@81c. closed 81c; July, SljJSlUc-. closed
8U4c: September, 80 9-16ig80%c, closed 80?ic
1 HOPS-Qulet. -
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull. r i
COFFEE— Steady: spot Rio No. 7, 6T»#7c:
mild, dull;. Cordova, 8U@12V$c .Futures closed
quiet ! and unchanged to 10 points net lower.
Total sales were 12,750 bags. Including: March.
5.55c; May, 5.55c; July, 5.65@5.70c; September,
7.75c: October. 5.80c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining. 3 l-32c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 l-32(g4 l-16c. Molasses sugar,
3 9-32i93 5-16c. Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts". . 9183 packages. Firm;
fresh creamery, 16@22c: factory. ll^j-HUc.
EGGS— Receipts, 11,255 packages. Easier;
Western at mark, 13%@13*'ic.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, March 29.— A quiet and steady
market was noted for evaporated apples with
out any material change in prices. Export busi
ness was light. State common were quiet at 3
«5 4c; prime, 4«,£@4%c; choice, 6@5*4c; fancy,
6<g6Vic. •-..•¦ .
California dried fruits were Inactive.
PRUNES— 3U@"c per pound, as to size and
quality. - -
APRICOTS— Royal. 7V4@12c; Moorpark, 8«,i@
12c. • ~ ¦ •-
PEACHES— Peeled. |12«4@20c; unpeeled, 5&@
10c. I
I NEW YORK. March 23.— The following table.
! compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
| Ings at all principal cities for the week ended
March 28, with the percentage of Increase and
I decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage. '
Cities — - Inc. Dec. '
New York H.619.7S9.317 40.4 ....
Boiton 139,049,630 31. 8
Chicago 136.750,450 15.7 ....
Philadelphia 96.210.650 10.2 ....
I St. Louis 40.492.S32 4S.2 ....
! Pittsburg 39.92S.352 IS.fi ....
! San Francisco 19,976.414 17.2
Baltimore 21.790.331 16.5
Cincinnati 18,215.100 2S.«
Kansas City 14.222.159 13.3 1
New Orleans 12.29S.S43 43.9
I Minneapolis S.CS2.33S .... 12.1
Detroit 8.124.132 17.4
Cleveland 11.634.876 33.3
Louisville 7.537,967 6.1
Providence 5.3S9.6O0 2.1 ....
i Milwaukee 4,939, 7SS — ....
I St. Paul .' 4,036.024 6.8
Buffalo 4.804:931
Omaha 6.0S2.836 13.3 ....
Indianapolis 6.20S.S2.". 13.S ....
Columbus, Ohio ... 6,02S.6Oi» 16.7 ....
! Savannah 3.050.S13 .... 42:5
Denver 4,914.410 4.0
Hartford 2.526.699 20.1
Richmond 4,034.618 40.3
Memphis 2.535,4iO 21.5 ....
Washington 2.720.C70 11.6
Peorla -. 2.310.460 9.7
Rochester ..' 1.834.919 14.2
New Haven 1,1R3.;.33 3.2
Worcester --l.470.SfW-' 23.1 ....
Atlanta .» 1,603,065. 7.9
Salt Lake City .... 2.037.902 32.0
Springfield. Macs... 1.213.902 2.2 ....
Fort Worth 2.665.6S0 91.1 •
Portland. Me 1.210.917 46.1
Portland. Or 2.080,200 21.8
St. Joseph 3.321.630 .... 14.1
Lns Angeles 2.936,080 28.5
Norfolk 1.133.827 21.5
I Syracuse S51.7S3 4.1
I Des Moines 1.600.319 20.9
Nashville 1.216,263 2.1
Wilmington, Del... 8*0,883 .... 3.8
Kali River 612.094 ....
£cranton 1.217.R71 1.7 •....
Grand Rapids 1.107.7W 0.9
Aupusta, Ga 2.596.274 51.2
I Lowell 459.156 .... 2.3
Dayton, Ohio 1.O17.12S 6.0
I Seattle 2.262.S14 21.0
i Tacoma 1.055.625 19.0
! Spokane 854.637 .... 22.5
I Sioux City 1.187,719 13.8
New Bedford 349.133 4.S»
Knoxville, Tenn F.97.36S 11.8
Topeka 1.215.529 108.5 ....
Birmingham 859.590 6.8
Wichita R44.339
Binghamton 313,900 12.3
Lexington. Ky 424.673 16.2
Jacksonville. Fla... 257,246 .... 19.0
Kalamazoo 317.247 .... 16.5
Akron 421.600 » 2.1
Chattanooga S9S.643 16.8
Rockford, "111 372,954 15.1
Canton. Ohio ' 280.787 21.2
Springfield, Ohio... 268.793 .... 24.3
Fargo. N. D 317.760 .... 9.3
j Sioux Falls. S. D.. 321,894 1S9.1
Fremont, Neb 144.631 0.7 ....
Davenport R89.964 39.8 ....
.Toledo 2,120,848 27.9
Galveston 7.M7.000 34.1
I Houston 7,374.375 33.8 ....
Colorado Springs... 728.568 .... ....
Helena ...~ K61.856 31.6 ....
Little Rock £26.138 S2.7
Springfield. Ill 491,582
Evansville 781.393 15.8
Macon . S22.00O 43.2
Wheeling, W. Va.. 690,336 ....
Totals U. S.. ...$2,304,604,717 33.2
Totals outside N.
y 681.315,400 18.7 V'""
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $17,168,951 47.0 Vi.;.
Toronto 10,986,685. 27.9
Winnipeg 1.664.733 10.3
Halifax 1,424.425 8.5 ....
1 Hamilton 660,659
St. John. N. B 625,010 11.8
Vancouver 725,274 — 11.0
Victoria 410.692 9.3
j Totals $33,566,429 32.3
S.SCO Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 73
EDO Chicago &. Eastern Illinois 11S4
13.80'J Chicapo &. Northwestern Ib2'i
S6.4C0 Chicago Kock Island & Pacific 123
2.100 C C C & St Louis SI
5.0C0 Colorado Southern 12
500 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 47
1.2»O Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22
44.5CO Delaware & Hudson 173?4
s,C00 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .215^ 3
2,300 Denver & Rio Grande 47U
3.000 Oenver & Rio Grande prefd 9S1- S
42.100 Erie • 36»»
10.600 ' Erie 1st prefd 69%
1,100 Great Northern prefd 201^ I
....... Ilocktng Coal 17 j
100 Hocking Valley 64V-i.]
7.S00 Illinois Central 13S--S,
3.200 Iowa Central 31' 3
1,000 Iowa Central prefd 614
2,:"00 Lake Krl<s & -W extern SS's I
tCO Lake Erie & Western prefd 127 I
. Lake Shore 210<4 !
l'MOO Louisville & Nashville 100>» !
ti.iOO Mannaitan Elevated 12G I
13.SM Metropolitan Street Railway 164?;
5.6C0 Mexican Central 24i»
l.'fO Minneapolis & St Louts- S5 |
300 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd IIS
14.S0O Missouri Pacific IMS
Mobile & Ohio 80
500 Missouri Kansas & Texas 24 T »
4.900 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd S8
300 New Jersey Central 155
31,400 New Tork Central 146%
l.SiiO Norfolk & Western ?. 61
Norfolk & Western prefd 85
68.4'jO Northern Pacific 34?» !
14.400 NoJthern Pacific prefd S2»4 1
47.1CO Ontario & Wectern jft\ j
Oregon Railway &. Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
3J.100 Pennsylvania 153^
10.900 Reading ; £}?;,
39.300 Reading 1st prefd 75\
40,600 Heading M prefd cl-,4
Jf>0 Rio Grande Western M
1,210 lUo Grande Western prefd 106
1.200 Sf Louis & San Fran 4I* 4
100 Kt Ixmis & San Frannst prefd 824 j
~M Kt Louis & San Fran 3d prefd 67>t 1
2.200 St I^ouis Southwestern 35
2,100 St Louis Southwestern prefd 64'«
S7.S00 Bt Paul l&O'*
St Paul prefd Is4' s
1,800 St Paul Ac Omaha 132 !
34.t'iO Southern Pacific 4t>'-i
17.700 Southern Railway 2S'»
T.C<iO Southern Railway prefd 79V»
11.700 Texas & pacific 34'i
ZZ.tW Union Pacific 62
3,«K) Union Pacific prefd $4*4
SrtO W'abash 2(W,
S.600 Wabash prefd 39* 4
7.400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 20&,
4.1W Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 36' 4
2.50O Wisconsin Central 20
Third Avenue 121 I
100 Baltimore A: Ohio prefd 91U
3.4'» National Tube 63
National Tube prefd 117'j
Exit*: s Companies—
Adan.s 160
100 American 200
United States 77 I
Wells Fargo 144 j
Miscellaneous— ;
1C0 American Cotton Oil 16
ICO American Cotton Oil prefd go
American Valtlnir 6'i
Am»rlcsji Plaiting prefd 26
35.S00 American Smelting & Refining 53H
3,400 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... »4^ j
100 American Spirits 2Vi j
American Spirits prefd 17 j
5,500 American Steel Hoop 45»£
2,1*00 American Steel Hoop prefd 90* 4 '
S.600 American Stefl & Wire 4»'i
1.700 American' Steel & Wire prefd Ill
2.1W American Tin Plate 7414
American Tin Plate prefd IIS
23,fcOO American Tobacco 125%
American Tobacco prefd ;...144
2.300 Anaconda Mining Co 4M£
29,400 Brookl>n Rapid Transit 82Ts
5,500 Colorado Fuel & Iron 54«i
L7<y) ' Continental Tobacco 44V»
300 Continintal Tobacco prefd 104^
«,400 Federal Steel 514
3.200 Federal Steel prefd 103H
l.roo O*neral Klectrlc 216
:W) Glucose Sugar 49H
C00 Glucose Surar prefd 96
"00 International Paper 25*4
1,200 Internitlonal Paper prefd 78H ¦
ino Laclede G«» ..; SUj 1
i00 National Biscuit 40H |
National Biscuit prefd S5>,4 ,
300 National Lead J514 1
100 National Lead prefd S3 i
3.C00 National Steel, t r S5«i
1,100 National Steel prefd, t r 116«- t
New York Air Brake 159^ i
L6C0 North American ig>4
Pacific CouPt 64
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 81
Pacific *V«j<t 2d prefd 64
300 Pacific Mall 35H
17.100 People's Gas 106H
6fK) Pressed Steel Car 37«i
«,600 Pr*«»ed Bteel Csj- prefd SV*
Pullman Palace Car 205
Standard Rope & Twine 4U
27.700 Sugar 139V 4
100 Sugar prefd 121
S.800 Tennessee Coal & Iron £8
S.000 United States Leather 13%
2, 1C0 United States I/eather prefd 76»*
1.600 United States, Rubber 2014
3.200 United States Rubber prefd.' 60
93.300 Western Union w>»4
11,400 Amalgamated Copper lOOti
1*.«W Republic Iron & Steel Co 18Vi
7,200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 73>i
P C C & St Louis 67
ISR.JCn IT S Steel 45T4
120.110 U S Steel prefd 95%
1.&S9.W0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.. ...-106U N T Cent Ists 107«,i
Do c^up 106H N J Cent pen 6s. ..133
Do 3d reg.. 1U%» Northern Pac 3g... 72«i
Do 3s coup lll»i Do 4s ipsu
Do new 4s reB...l*.S»» N Y C & S L 4s...lCS%
Do new 4s coup.USVi N. fz XV con 4s 103U
Do old *s reg 113Vj Or Nav Ists k .io9
Do old 4s coup...ll4Vj Do 4s ' 104
Do 5s reg; 111V, Or Short Line 6s!!l28«,
Do 6s coup ..111*4 Do con Ss... 117
Di* of Col 3.65s. ..123>* Reading Gen 4s...i 95Vi
Atchlson gen. 48...104V* ROW l^ts 101T4
r>o adj 4fl 9»li KL & I M con'sii'.llS^
Canada Sou 2ds....lC8. S L & S F gen 6s mu
Ches & Ohio 4«4s..l0S. 8t Pau! mn ' M vZ
Do Sb:... ...... ....121*4 S PC * p lstsiiillS
C 4- N Con 7n...:.14l«i Do 5b... ... i-nw,'
Do H F Deb 5s.. 124 Southern Pac 4s'" 93
Chic Term 4s.. 97 Southern Ry Ss... i!s«
Colorado Sou 4s 8*U Stand R & T 6b.. RS
D f- R.G 4s... 102 Tex «• Pac Ists. ...119
Krle- Gen. 4s..:..-... 89% Do 2ds.......,., 93
F W f : D C lsts.,.106. T'nlon Pac 4s ic&K
Gen. Elec 5s.. ISO Wabash Ists ..: 119K
Iowa Cent lsU 117- • Dp'. 2ds..;... uou
L & N Unl 4s 102% West Shore 4s....!ll5ii
M K & T'2ds...... 80^ WI S Cent 4a..\.."/.imi
I>o 4s 9S£ Va Centuries 91V4
. • - MINING STOCKS. .
Adams Con..'..'....... 1 23]LittIe Chief. 14
AUce .................. 24 Ontario- a no
Bret^e ..1 20 Ophir .....74
Brunswick :CoTT. :'..:. "27 Phoenix ".:........ • 08
Coroftock Tunnel. .i 07 Potosl '¦ jo
Con Ca! & Var...;..2 20 Savage ',J2
I>eau wood 'Terra.... '53 Sierra >fevada 37
Horn Silver.'..'.::.:. 1*10 Small' Hopes '65
Iron Silver .53 Standard 4 CO
I^eadville Cxm: 03. , .
. BOSTON STOCKS 'AND, BONDS.
Money— . - •' Union Pacific 9'
Time loans ...... H4C4 Union Land ... 314
Stocks— - west End 91L4
Atchlson 61H Honds- .
do prefd ......... 95^i Atchlson 4s .......102
Am Sugar ..: 140 N E G & Coke 6s.. 68
do prefd .'..¦.......122 <- ;• Mining shares-
Am Telephone..... 166. Adventure 15
Boston «; Albany.. 255 • Blngham Mln'Co.. 24«4
Boston. Elevated ..Hi ' Amalg Copper ....10014
Boston & Malne.'..194V4 AtUntlc .. .:.......- 3*
C B & Q.:..;...:.;.174Ti Boston*: Mont...'.3S2 '
Dom Coal .......... S8. |Butte.&- Boston. .. 97U
do prefd 11O»£, Calumet & Hecla..610
Fed Steel ;.... 61*4; Centennial ......... ;6>4
do'prefd .'."...:. ..103V. Franklin V. „ 21«i
Fltchburg prefd ..14>'?;Huniboldt '...' 23 *
Gen'Electrlc 2VM f)cceola ¦..:....:;.. g»u
do prefd 202. iParrot ..:...:. .51
Ed.EIec III ....... 26S'i'Quincy ..,.., ...176
Mex Cent. ..'...¦... 24 U. Santa. F# Copper.. 8 '
X E G & Coke.... llVj' Tamarack -...„.... 333
Dun's Review of Trade.
Butter. Eggs and Cheese* ataad about the
same as last week.
Poultry is not us scarce u It has been for
the past fortnight, but prices still keep up.
Heats are firm and unchanged.
Oranges continue plentiful and cheap. Straw.
berries are coming In every day, bat *r» very
dear.
' Vegetables show no changes worthy of note.
Trout will be in season next week.
Coal. $*r ton—
Cannel $ (912 COlSouthfleld
Wellington.. Sll 00 Wellington — <TU 00
Seattle S 00© ICoos Bay — © 7 oO
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq. 33345 Ranch Ens, per
Do. good 2o&30 dozen IS £13
Cheese. Cat 12@15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. ITS?) pound 1SO30
Cheese. Swiss 20@3S Do. extracted.. . 19^12
Common Eggs — ®15
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 6037a Turkeys, per lb... 17023
Toung Roosters. Ducks, each.. 75cgSl
each T5c«Jl Geeae. eaca...U SCffl 73
Old Roosters, ea..SO<370 Pigeons, pair 50^60
Fryers, each 75<3— Rabbits, pair 400—
Broilers, each 4*560 Hare, each —4320
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 15A13 Round Steak.. ....109—
Beef, choice 12015 Sirloin Steak... .l: 1 -?—
Do, good 100— Tenderloin, do w#—
Corned Beef 10®— Porterhouse. do.l7H@—
Ham .t..l2®15 Smoked Beef......— 31i
Lard — ©IS Pork, salt 1OS12V,
Mutton ;..12®13 Pork Chops 15®—
Lamb — ®13 Pork Sausages. .134#15
Pork, fresh 15©— Veal 12QH
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds 15-9:0. Lemons, dox 15ff25
Apples 5® 8 Raisins, per lb. ...—©—
Bananas, doz 25®so Strawberries, per
Oranges. do» 15®33 basket 15£23
Limes, per doz... — ©laj Walnuts, per lb..la®a)
A'egetables—
Asparagus, per lb. SO 8 Peppers, per Ib....]0fl—
Artichokes. doa...25®lfl Potatoes, per lb.. 2©—
Beets, doa 10 #~ New, do 33 4
Beans, white. lb.l2Vi# — Rhubarb, per 1th .. 6<a t
Coloretl. per lb..lO® — Sweet Potatoes.lt> SS —
mied Umfctt.. «9 h PhuIh. Mr di.K*»~
Cabbage, each.... 5®— Radlshes.dx bchs.l5'?2O
Cauliflowers, each &@— 3age. doz bnchs..25§'M
Celery, head 8**— String Beans. lb..lO<ao3
Cress, doz bnchs.l5(a:20 Summer Squash.
Cucumbers, doz.Jl 5C^2 per lb ....15i323
Egg Plant, lb —423 Sprouts, per lb.... 60 S
Green Peas, lb.... 431 6 Spinach, per lb... 5@—
Lettuce, per dos..l$<@2o Thyme, do* bchs.2;®.'?0
Onions, ner lb.... 49 5 Turnips, per dos..l0<&—
Okra. dried, lb —©35 Tomatoes, per lb.lOtglo
Fish-
Barracuda — 4&— iSfcad Mia
Carp 8®— Striped Baaa....lfli0-
Catfish ............ SI? — Sea Bass." „. — (ct~
Codflsh 12»15 5melts 12H*-
FlounderB 8910 Soles lu#—
Halibut 10015 Skates, each 8313
Herring: Tomcod —$10
Macfceral — ¦& — Turbot ,"i Ti -'." O ¦
Do. Horse — @ — 'WhlteflaJx .........10^ —
Perch 10^20 Clams, gallon 60#—
Fompino KXQ— Do, hardshell, lb S'311
Rockflsh 12^5— Crab«. each 1S#2«
Salmon, fresh 1.SS20 Mussels, quart 5'au.i
Do. smoked 13®4O Oysters, cfal. 100. .40^3')
Shrimps 88101 Do. Eastern, dz.23^40
Family Retail Market.
Pnnrcs and Raisins in New York.
Mel! reports from New Tcrk »ay:
"The chief feature continue* to be supplied
by prunes. Spot stocks, as already noted, are
clot€!y clea-ned up. especially on the desirable
*lzce. and wr-.lle a few goods ere offered from
the coast the quantity is small and made up
of lr< V:c!i assortments. The range for f. o. b.
porrbcaea of outside holdings is variously re
ported as from C s »c to 2'sc for the 'four sizes.'
The association, so far as can be learned, has
t.-.ovpd little cr nothing, and as the policy of
huyns :n this market continues to be unfavor
arlr Vo large purchases it is believed before
rrucl. badaeci is done In association stock a
further advance in the fpot prices will have
to b? effected. We hear of a good jobbing trade
In :<>-*>¦ s, 60-TCs and EO-lCOs. with some buying
of 70-Me, on the quoted basis. In oO-6Cs stocks
erp ta!d to be rapidly cleaning up and most
h-'lir-rt- are asking 5^,o firm. On the other sizes
€0-7't me held at from 5c to 5Vc and"90-100»
ft triun SHc to S^c, with some business on
inn Llisif. Oregon prunes are in some requee:
»n the basis of 6c to 6'i-c for «0-40s and 5'jc to
C>? lor 40-.V>s.
¦In raifins the market continues dull and in
acti".c. strictly standard two and three-crowi
Ioqes mtacatd raisins are held at from S 1^ to
i\r tor Is and 6c to C^c for 3s. Some lower
uraJr» -»re floatini? around at less flguree. The
movement Is litrht. In other descriptions of
!?i:!::s the Fltuation shows no important
efctaee ct the moment. A little business of a
jobbins character Is noted In Imported Sultanas
un th? b&fis of 12c fcr two-crown. 13c for three-
crown and 13'ic for extra fine three-crown. In
• urtants the situation at the moment continue*
quiet, !;ut with lighter stocks and a better con
suming outlook prefects lock more favorable.
"In apricots ai:d peaches a little trade Is
•loins within quotations. In nuts we hear of
n> i«!:;«^Ttant features. Jordan shelled almonds
*..* a little firmer in eome quarters and a fair
irnd* in rrr.all lots is doing.
Weather Report.
<12^th Merifllan-Paclflc Time. 1 *
f AN FRANCISCO. March 3. 1901- 5 p. m.
The lollov.ins ere the seasonal rainfalls to
<*.at«». as compared with those of the Fame date
laf. EXSJOS, and rainfall In the Ia5t twenty
four hours:
Rf.l i;iuff ! .... i 22.17 i 13.07
Facranicnto I — ' 17. IS i 15.48
Pan Francisco .... ! 1S.R* I 17.P2
rrwno I 10.28 ! J.W
Ir.d* p*nd«»n<-e I S.RO ! 2.S1
Pan Luis Obispo.... 1 i 27.62 I 14. M
Um Angeles Trace ! 14.70 I 5.. r .«
Fen Plego. ......'¦.... (UO^ J£».ttWi£»«lI&
San Franrtsoo data— Maximum temperature.
r.7: minimum. 41; mean. 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pr»«*ur» has fallen slowly oxer the north
¦reBtera jiorrion of the Pacific Elope, and has
ris^n over T'tah. Northern Arizona and Colo
ru'li. Condition? are less favorable for settled
•air n*>ath*r than for some days past.
The tunr^-aiure is rising slowly over the
«¦".- tt 2nd warmer weather will probably pre
vail for t^e ivxt two or three days.
Tri*r* are some indication* of a disturbance
off th» coast of Southern California.
Forecast mi>de et fan Krar.ciseo for thirty
*>f!Ur* Gliding xnidnigrbt. March 30. 1901:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, becoming
dOOoJ at night; not so cold; light northerly
windr. changing to couthwesterly.
Poutliern California— Cloudy unsettled weather
F«tur<"ay; light northerly winds, changing to
«• ester!?.
Nr\><ia— CIcudy: Tranr.^r Saturday.
rtah— Clrudy: m-armer Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday: warmer.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday.
with increasing cloudiness at night; light
THTthT'.y, changing to fresh eouthwest, winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
. LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- May. July.
Opening 6 14 6 1
Closing 6 1 .61
PARIS. .
Wheat— March. May- Aug.
Opening 18 55 19 40
Closing .'..... IS 65 19 40
Flour-
Opening 23 70 24 55
Closing -.23 60 24 55
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, March 23.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2C00. Steers strong, active. Butchers steady to
strong. Good to prime steers, $5@6 05; poor to
medium. J3 90^r-4 95: -stockers and leeders. $3 73
@475; cows, $2 70@4 40; heifers, $2 75@4 60; can
ners, $2<S'2 63; bulls, \1 63@4 50; calves, $4 75@
6: Texas fed steers. $4fi5; Texas grass steers.
$3 40(g4: Texas bulls. %Z 75©3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 18,000; to-morrow.
15,000; left over, 2000. : Choice about steady. Top,
$615. , Mixed and butchers, ?5S0@6 074: good to
choice heavy. • $5 9o@6 15; rough heavy, $5 SO®
5 90: -light, S5S0&6 02V4; bulk of sales, $3 95®
6 024'. -. ¦ i
SHEEP-Recelpts, 5000. Sheep strong; lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 80®5 15; fair
to "choice mixed, $4 50@4 90; Western sheep, $4 70
(S3 13; yearlings. $4 80(55 15: native lambs, $4 85
4J5 45; Western Iambs, $5 10®6 45.
New' York Metal . Market.
NEW. YORK. March 29.— Demand for tin in
the local market was very poor and prices
sagged off with a weak undertone apparent.
The close was weak at $26*15@26 30. •¦"¦.:¦-.
Copper, while exhibiting signs of easiness
abroad, was deplorably dull here and prices
were more or less nominal oq the basis of $17
for lake and $16 624 for casting. Spelter ruled
inactive and nominally unchanged at $3 S5@3 90.
Lead remains' dormant.' Prices were unchanged
at $4 374-
Plglron warrants, steady, at $9 50gl0 50;
Northern foundry. $13 25@16 50.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or. March 29.— Clearings, $253.-
S75; balances. J64.C91.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 29.— Wheat— Quiet and un
changed. Bluestem, 574c: club, 57c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, March 29. — Wheat — WaJla
wan-, wvfcc. ;
Foreign Markets.
LONDON.'- March 29. — Consols. 95 11-16: sliver,
27 5-I6d; French rentes, , lOlf 30c;' cargoes ->n
passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 29s 4!»d; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s;
English country markets, quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL. March 29.— Wheat, steady: No.
1 standard California, 6s 4d; wheat in Paris,
6teady; flour In Paris, steady; French country
markets, quiet and steady; weather in England.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 ll-16d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s 4d: No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 3%d: No.
I California. 6s 3'>d. Futures, quiet: May, 6s
Id: July, 6s Id.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new, 3s
ll^d; do. old, 4» 4d. Futures, quiet; May, 3s
10%d; July, Sa 4d. •
Silz-cr off again. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat in good demand and still higher.
Barley firm, with most dealers- reporting a good demand.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted. *
Lima Beans higher, Pinks zeeaker and Whites firm.
Hay rather soft and in ample supply.
Feed stuffs shozu no changes worthy of note.
Potatoes and Onions in moderate supply and firm.
Asparagus in brisk demand for the East.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry continues to zccafceit under increasing supplies.
Nine cars of Oranges auctioned. Strawberries declining.
Prunes and loose Raisins firm in the East.
Provisions continue, in light supply and firm.
Wool dull, Hops firm and Hides weak and dragging.
Meat market as before, with Hogs still scarce.
Local stocks and bonds active. Oil stocks quiet.
9\a £? Iony . •' 208 |Utah Mining ...... 334
Old Dominion ..... 344 Winona 4«i
RUbber • 204lwolverlnes 60V,
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was slack on the stock exchange
here to-day. London is beginning to antlclpats
the Easter holidays. The tone waa satisfac
tory. E\en Americans were affected. " That de
partment was idle • and • London was taking
In a leisurely fashion until New York caused
a hardening of prices by purchases of tha
Northern Pacific issues, Ontario and Weste-n
and a sharp spurt In New York Central. This
last was on bidding in the street after ths
close. Part of the late strength was attributed
to the reports of the deal for the control of
Mexican Central.
ixmcion Is now displaying no independence
whatever In Its trading in American stocks.
Everybody here Is simply following the New
York lead and the local market becomes dis
tinctly nervous on any breaJt In Wall street.
The bank has bought £502,000 of gold barb,
which came txpm India.
The market is beginning to pay back the
heavy sums recently borrowed from the bank.
LONDON, ilsxch C9.— Atchlson, 624; Canadian
Pacific, %\'. Union Pacific preferred, 87U:
Northern Pacific preferred, 954; Grand Trunk,
S%; Anaconda. 91*.
Bar silver flat, 27 5-16d per ounce.
Money, 34®4 per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK, March 29.— Money on call,
steady, at 293 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent;
prime mercantile paper. 34^*4- Sterling ex
change, firm, at a decline with actual business
in bankers* bill, at $4 SSVi®4 88U fordemand and
at $4 84% for sixty days. Posted rates. M 854®
4M. Commercial bills. $4 84®4 844- Silver cer
tificates, 59% 661c- Bar silver. 63*ic Mexican
dollars, 49c. Government bonds, strong; State
bonde, firmer; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the 'Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March 29.— To-day's sttae
ment of the treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $155,126,406; gold, $97,036,463.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
April...:... .... 75- . - 75»4 75 75^i
May.:......-......... 75!i 76^4 75% «6U
Corn No. 2—
May ................. 43- 44 42H 43 T /»
July .:........ 4314' 44 42T4 43T»
Oats No. 2—
May-.. ;...... 25*i K 7 *} 254 25%
July......../. 24 T i 25*4 24!, 23%
Mess Pork, per barrel— •
May ....15 20 15 4214 14 95 15 30
July ........... .....;.15 00 .15 03 14 85 15 05
Lard, , per 100 pounds— . . . ¦ *
May...... 8 02>4 8 10 8 00 8 10
July...... 8 00( .805 8 00 8 02'^
September 7 97% 8 O7V4 7«tf 8 07U,
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—-
May ................. 7 85 8 024 7 S3 8 00
July-. ..7 80 7 924 7 80 7 924
September ......... 7 774 7 90 7 774 7 90
Cash quotations: were . as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 67^g73Vic; No. 2
red, 79c: No. 2 corn. 4S^c; No. 2 yellow. 43'4c;
No. 2 oats. 26V»c: No. 2 white. 2S«4@29Vic; No.
3 white, 2S@2S»ic: No. 2 rye. 53@54c: good feed
ing barley, 47c; fair to choice malting. 49® oSc:
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 55; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 56
01 57; prime timothy seed, $4; mess pork, per
barrel, $13 15@15 20: lard, per 100 pounds. $S 15@
S 20; short-rib sides (loose). $7 90@8 10; dry
palled shoulders (boxed). S6 75(?6 S7H: short
clear sides (boxed). $S 15@8 30; whisky, basis
of high wines. $1 27; sugars, cut loaf, 6.04c:
granulated. .5. 47c: confectioners' A, 6.34c; off
A. 5.15c; clover, contract grade. $11.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .' 30.000 28,000
Wheat, bushels 137.000 69.000
Corn bushels ...667.000 180,000
Oats' bushels ..234.000 178.000
Rye, bushels ....130,000. 15.000
Barley, bushels.....'. 17,000 13.C00
"On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creamery. 15@21c: dairy. 11®
18c. Cheese, . fairly • active, U@ll%c. . Eggs,
active; fresh. . 12tf©12tfc.
cause prices at the stock yards were somewhat
easier. ; May pork ¦ closed 17^0 lower,' lard 5®
7#c. higher and ribs 7Hc up. .
The. leading futures ranged as follows:
periods, while '¦ the future, with some excep
tions, is viewed ¦ with apparent confidence. ;. The
advance of . the ;' spring season , is, of course,
partly responsible for the feeling , above men
tioned, allowing as It does better opportunity
for e. ivider range of operations than was pos
sible In the . winter months. V: First Indications
as to crop prospects h.nd - outlook are . in the
main favorable. Bank clearings are- showing
steady gains over unprccedentedly large totals
a year ago. : Railway earnings testify an im
mense volume of merchandise passing into con
sumption and as for some time past the active
demand at advancing prices for iron and steel
is regarded as a reliable index of good general
trade to come.' Building is becoming more ac
tive and promises this spring to be the heaviest
for many-years past.- Hence the lumber trades
and all lines of builders' hardware note con
tinued growing activity. - The demand in the
latter line and in agricultural implements at
the West is. in fact,- most notable.
As pointed out a week ago there has been
an apparent turn; in the tide In the wool trade
even while some quotations are technically
lower. A good volume of business has been
done at the leading Eastern markets and values
as a whole are quite tlrm. Boston sales this
week are estimated to amount to nearly 6,000,
000 pounds, bought by two large mills, and
the stocks of - Montana wool have been well
cleared up. »
The boot and shoe trade is in good condition.
Another gain In shipments is Indicated this
week ar.d the total is 0C0O cases ahead of this
week last year, while the unfavorable balance
for the season has been cut down. - The situa
tion in leather. Is quite satisfactory and stocks
of sole leather are limited. ¦. \
¦ There Is a little more doing in the- cereals
this week, j corn being especially active and in
the hands of a bull clique advanced ' to above
50 cents. Wheat was In better export demand
and strengthened' slightly in sympathy with
the coarser grain. . ' J
Iron and steel have made - steady, progress
alike in .the volume of sales and in the mat
ter of price. The long expected advance In
structural- material came this week with a
gain of $2 to $4 in beams, chains and similar
products. Other finished' products are active
and strong. • Pig iron has been more active
than for some time past, a feature being re
ported sales at . Pittsburg I of 40,000 tons . of
Bessemer pig on a basis of $17 25 delivered at
Pittsburg: 2000 tons of billets are also reported
sold at $24. ¦ At least twenty Mahonlng, Slie
rango and . Cleveland district furnaces are re
ported In combination to Improve the situa
tion as 1 to - Bessemer rig. - The feeling . grows
that iron ore prices will not be far from $4 50
per ton. Current export figures point to smaller
shipments of goods - abroad,-, but the strength
noted In foreign market3 last week may post
pone-and even temporarily avert the decline
of our, export business. : -•
Wheat, including fluur, shipments ..for the
week aggregate 4,494,633 bushels, against 3,256,
644 bushels last week, 2.962,349 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1S00. 3.988,238 bushels In
1S99 and 3.550.664 bushels in ISPS.
From July 1 . to dat« this season wheat ex
ports are 151,122,733 bushels, against 147.1S2.G50
bushels last season and 154,963.740 bushels in
1S98-99." -^ •¦ - .
Failures for the we*»k numbered 1S9, against
231 last week. 178 In thlj week a year ago, 189
in 1899, 226 in 1898 and 212 in 1897.
Canadian failures for the -week number 23,
against 44 last week, 2f. In this week a year
ago, 33 In 1S99, 39 in 1S9S and 3S in 1S97.
and Oat. $9®12: Oat. $3311 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $S«4 50; > Barley. $7 S0G3 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35©47Hc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Llmas. Whites and Pinks are the prominent
sorts at the moment. Llmas are. still higher
and Pinks continue to weaken, though dealers
are letting themselves down as easily as pos
sible.' Stocks are too large. A continued fair
demand for whites Is reported.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 63; Small White. $4 6o
(§•4 90: Large White. $4®4 13: Pink. $1 S0@2;
Red $3(8-3 25; Blackeye. J3@3 23: Llmas. J&96 15;
Pea.nominal; Red Kidney, $4®4 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50«3; Canary, 3V40
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, 7Vi©S»4c for Califor
nia and 9©9%c for Utah; Rape. 2S2>,4c; Hemp.
J'Ac" Timothy. 6V4c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $202 50; Green. $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Asparagus continues 'to advance under stead
ily decreasing receipts. The demand for East
ern shipment is taking a good deal. Rhubarb
and Peas continue steady. Tomatoes are firm,
in spite of the recent receipts from Mexico. ,
The Potato m«n are reporting a firm and
lightly supplied market, with better prices ex
pected next week. Onions are steady.
Receipts were 979 boxes Asparagus, 690 boxes
Rhubarb. 525 sacks Bay Peas and 192 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 85c©$l: Burbanks,
25SS0C for River and 65©90c for Oregon; Gar
net Chiles from Oregon. 90c®$l 10: Sweets. 60@
65c for Merced: New Potatoes. l®2^c per lb.
ONIONS— $2®2 75 per ctl; Cut Onions, 75c@
$1 SO per sack; Australians,- $3S0Q4; Green
Onions. 25©40c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 75c©51 75 per box:
Asparagus. $2 2592 50 for fancy, $1 75@2 per box
for No. 1 and $1@1 50 for No. 2; Green Peas,
2®2%c for Bay; String Beans, 508c; Cabbage,
65c; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, $1#1SO per crate:
from Mexico, $1@1 SO per crate: Egg Plant. Los
Angeles, 15c per lb: Green Peppers, Los Ange
les. ICo per lb for Chile and 15c for Bell: Dried
Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra, 25c per lb; Carrots,
:sg35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c§Jt SO
per, doaen; Summer Squash. $1 25@1 50 per box;
Garlic. 2<i@3c per lb: Marrowfat Squash, $20®
30 per ton; Mushrooms. 13c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry continues to weaken, as the demand
is less and ths supply larger. The decline has
not been pronounced thus far, however.
The little Game coming in brings the estab
lished quotations.
A car of dressed Eastern Turkeys Is offer-
Ing at 14315c. per lb.
POULTRY-Live Turkeys. 10«12e for Gob
blers and 12S13c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
$1 73@2: Goslings. $2 50<g2 75; Ducks, $3 5CMJ6 50
for old and $S@9 for young; Hens. $4 50®6;
youns Roosters. $7@S; old Roosters. |4 50@5:
Fryers. J&fS 50; Broilers. $5*55 JO for large and
$2 5034 for smaU: Pigeons. $2 per dozen tor old
and $2 5022 75 - for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, $1;
Brant, $1 50 for small and $2 for large; English
Snipe, $3 50: Jack Snipe. $1 50; Hare, $1 25.
Rabbits, $1 23 for Cottontail and 75c@$l for
Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Ths quotations for Eggs represent th«
rrlc?s fixed at the dally session of the Dairy
Exchange. The same observation applies to
Butter and Cheese, of course.
The Butter market Is still quoted weak, with
free supplies, and the medium and lower
grades are dragging.
Cheese and Eggs are quoted steady, and the
latter continue to be purchased by speculators
for cold storage. Stocks In the stores are not
large.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 43.400 pounds and IS tubs of Butter. 1460
casea Eggs. 14.210 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras. 16c; firsts, 14c; seconds.
Dairy — Extras, 14c; firsts, 13c; seconds, — ;
store. Ha
Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds, — ; dairy extras, — .
Pickle, per pound. '» V
, Keg. per pound.
CUKES E — Fancy, full cream. 9c; choice,
Sc; common, nominal: Toung Americas, S'-jc;
Eastern, full cream, 15®16*?c per lb.
EGGS-
Cailfornla Ranch— Selected White, 13^c;
mixed colors. 12^±c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected. 124c; stand
ard, 12c; seconds, — — .
Fresh Eastern-Fancy. — : standard. . — ;
seconds. .
Storage — California fancy. : standard,
; Eastern fancy.' ; standard, ; sec
onds, . .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
As the season advances receipts of Straw
berries are Increasing and prices are slowly
declining. Some came in from Bouldin Island
yesterday.
Nine cars of Oranges were auctioned, as
follows: Fancy Navels, 75c® 1 !! 60; choice do,
63c® $1: standard. 60@90c; Lemons. SOOSOc.
t Citrus fruits show no change. Oranges and
Lemons being weak and plentiful, while Limes
are in moderate supply and steady. Bananas
are firm and good Apples scarce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
STRAWBERRIES — 75©90c per drawer for
Longworths and 33<S50c for Mollndoe.
APFLKS— JO'aToc per box for common and $1
61 75 for good to choice and $2@3 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 60c©$l 7i:
Seedlings. ; Tangerines. 50c@$l 23: Lemons.
&0c<0$l for common and SI 25$2 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$2; Mexican Limes,
$7-57 50; California Limes, nominal; Bananas,
$1 25<g2 60 per bunch; Pineapples, 75c@$2 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
New Tork reports a continued firm and slow
ly rising market for Prunes and a better feel-
Ing In loose Raisins, with hardly any demand
for. Pears, Peaches and Apricots, except in a
Jobbing way. The latest mail report appears in
the first column. This market shows no new
features.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5®7c for Royals and 8H0
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, a4©ac;
sun-dried, l'.4O2»4c: Peaches, 3®3Hc for stand
ard. 4®4>*c for choice and 5@6c for fancy:
Pears, 3@7c; Plums, pitted, 4©5c; unpitted, 1©
l^c; Nectarines, 5@5Vjc for red and 5«i@6c for
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes, 3c: 30-43s, 7c
40-503 6Hc; B0-60s, 4Hc; 60-70s. 3*4c; 70-gOs, SUc:
80-90s, 2*c; 90-lOOs. 2^c; 100-120s. l^c; rubles.
Kg premium; Sonomas, He and Sari Joaqulns
\4C less than Santa Claras except 100 and over,
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per- lb; choice. He;
standard. 10c: prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons. '9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10Kc per lb;
choice. 9*ic: standard. 8Hc; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless, 60-lb boxes,
6Vic; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6^c; 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand. 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5Uc.
and 4-crown. 5%c: seeded (Fresno prices), fan
cy 16-ounce. 7c; 12-ounce. 5>4c: choice. 18
ounce, 6%c; 12-ounce, 5V«c; London Layers,
2-cr6wn. $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clulters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 10c; No. 2. 7Hc; No.
I hardshell. 9^c: No. 2. 7c; Almonds. I2@l3c
for paper-shell. 9@llc for softshell: Peanuts.
5®6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts.
13c: Pecans, M@13c: Cocoanuts, $3 60@5.
HONEY— Comb, 13H@Kc for bright and 12H
©13c for light amber; water white extracted,
7Hc; light amber extracted. 6H®7c; dark. 6©
Beeswax— 24®26c per n>.
Provisions.
Dealers are still predicting a further advance
In cured meats and report a » very firm and
lightly 'supplied market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy. ¦ 12@12Hc - for light medium. 13c. for
light. 13V4c for extra light and 15@15Ho for
sugar-cured : Eastern sugar-cured Hams.
12Vi@13c; Meas Beef. S12 • per barrel; extra
Mess. $12 50: Family. $13 60; prime mess Pork.
$151713 50; extra clear, $22; Mess, $18; Smoked
Beef, 13c per lb.
. LARD— Tierces quoted at 6\c per lb for
compound and 10c for pure; half-barrels, pore
10Hc: 10-lb tins, 10%c;< 5-lb tins. lo*-ic
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8Hc; three
half-barrels, 8Vic: one tierce, 8V»c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 774c per.lb.
' Hides, fallow? Wool and Hops.
All kinds quoted under this head stand as
before. Wool is dulL* Hops" are firm and
Hides weak and dragging.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lV4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c; medium. 8«4c; light. 8c. Cow
Hides. 8£c for beavy-«nd 8c for light; Stag?.
6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 8c: Salted Calf.
10c; Dry Hides. 15V4c; Culls, 13c; Dry Kip, 15c;
Dry Calf. 16c: Culls and Brands. 12©13c; Sheep
skins, shearlings. 15©25c each: short Wool, 30®
40c each: medium. 50®65c; long Wool. 75c#|l
each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large and $2©
2 25 for medium. $1©1 23 tor small and 50c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 23
for medium, $1 for small and 50c for colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium
skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins.
Prime Angoras.. 73c: large and smooth, SOc;
. medium.' 33c. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No 2.
3V£@4c: grease. 2624c
- WOOL— Spring. 1900— Humboldt and Mendo
cino, I5@16c per lb: Northern, free, .12913c; de
fective.'9©llc: Middle County, free," lOfflllc" do
defective, 8010c; Southern. 12 months. 8@9c;
i Southern, free. 7 months.' 7610c: do, defective
j 7 monthe, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine. 13© 16c: do
1 medium and coarse, ligiac; Oregon. Eastern.
cholc«. 12©14e; do. fair to good. 9#llc; Nevada.
10©12c "Fall— Humboldt and Mendocino. 11©
12c: Middle County and Northern. SS8c; San
Joaquin, 407c.
HOPS— li620c ser lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is nothing new to report In any de
scription. Hogs continue to lead In point t>f
firmness aud scarcity.
BEEF— 7©8c for Steers and «371jc per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large. 7SSc: small, 9c per In.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8<&9c; Ewes. Tis&SMa per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 10@lle per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 6*i:3
6^c: ISO to 2-3 lbs. 6Uc: I: 1 ; and over. 6£t»'.-:
feeders. ; dressed Hoc?. S^®9'.ic.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 «5: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July. 7c; spot, 6T-»®7c;
lood make. *«c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags. 30<g34c: Fleece Twine, "'iSSc.
COAL— Wellington. *» per ton: sSouthneld Wel
lington. $3; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $7; Coos Bav
|5 io; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Wallsend. $j !
Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 *S in sacks -
Pennsylvanla Anthracite Egg. J14; Cannel. tia
per ton: Coke. *1» per ton In bulk and in i a
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. IS 43 per
2C0O pounds and S3 50 per ton, according t u
brand.
SUGAR— The Western Susrar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.C5c; Powdered, 5.65c; Candy Gran*
ulated. 5.65c; Dry Granulated, 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.35c: Maenolla A. 5.13c; Extra C.
5.05c: Golden C. 4.93c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. Sc more: boxes. 50c more; SO-lb bass.
10c more. No orders taken for leu than 75
barrels or Us equivalent. Domlnos, oalX-bar
rels. 6.30c; boxes. 6.55c per 1b.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. atARCH 29.
Flour, qr sks S.635' Phorts. sks 23
Ttheat. ctls 8S.462 Broomcorn, bdls. f > M
Barley, ctla 8.J75 Pelts. Mis 301
Oats, ctli 210 Hides, No ... £3
Beans ska 996 Sugar, etls l.pul
Rye. sks * ISO Lime, bbls t*
Potatoes. sk5..... S.32S Wine, gals 41,000
Bran, sks 1,533 Quicksilver, fliks 10
Middlings, iks.... 395 Chicory. bb!» 53
Hay. tons M0 Tallow, ctls 414
Straw, tons 14 [Leather, rolls..... 112
Wool, bales 534'
OREGON.
Potatoes, tics 70l! '¦'}''.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 7,9+1 ]Fl*xae«d, ¦'**..... 23
Middlings, sks.... <<
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, MARGH 30, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
Bank Clearings.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
• ; NEW YORK. March 29.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: A rather", cheerful : tone is j ap
parent In general trade ; and s the » close of . the
first t. quarter ¦: of /. the : year ' finds ¦ the - ; business
world contt mplating ? a v total : ' trade .for i that
period In many cases In excess of all preceding
10
Vew i York Grain and Produce \MRS. JESSIE H. HIGLEY. WHO DREAMED AND THEN PROCEEDED TO
UTILIZE HER FANTASY BY SECURING A PATENT ON, THE IDEA
WHICH IT SUGGESTED.
The lack of this contrivance was such
ah annoyance to the lady that shs
dreamed about it and in that dream she
them go her way. If there is anything
new that will add to the comfort of her
home Mrs. Higley secures it.
Among some of her recent additions to
the household' furniture • are iron beds.
Ttie beds proved very grood. but tho artis
tic eye of the housewife was offended by
the lack of drapery about them. Then
she found to her sorrow that there was
no satisfactory method known to tha
trade of adding drapery to an iron- bed so
that it could be removed quickly when
cleaning or sweeping the room, was In
order. ¦
Will Resume Placer Mining.
GRASS VALLEY. March ».— The Bluo
Point placer mining property at Smart*
ville Is soon to resume operations under
a lease by a San Francisco company. Tha
new operators will introduce raachlnerv
to catch and securely store upon their
own territory all debri? tn order to corr»
ply with the law. The property has' pa!d
well in the past, but was shut down by
the Debris Commission.
? . ..
Episcopal Bishop Dying.
SPRINGFIELD, III., March 29l— Tha
Right Rev. Alexander Burgess, Bishop of
the diocese of Quincy of the Episcopal
church, who has been ill at his apartments
at the Newcomb Hotel at Quincy. was
last night taken to the Blessing Hospital
in. that city. He is suffering -from a gen
eral breakdown of the system and it U
feared the end is not far cff. Blahoi*
Burgess Is 81 years old.
ASK FOB, CADETSHIP
FOB A BBAVE SOLDIEB
Fourteenth Infantry Officers Ttecom
i mend Musician Calvin Titus
. for Such Position. . .
WASHINGTON. March 29.— A petition
signed by all officers serving with the
Fourteenth Infantry Regiment has been
sent to Adjutant General Corbin, request
ing the appointment of Musician Calvin
P." Titus, Company E, Fourteenth" Infaji
try, the first American soldier to enter
Peking during the recent troubles in
China, as cadet at large to the Military
Academy. The petition says:
"During his service Musician Titus has
proved himself to be a trustworthy, intel
ligent, sober, brave and thorough soldier.
On August 14, 1900, at Peking. China. -he
was the first American to scale the wall
of the Chinese city and enter Peking. On
the following day, while engaged in the
fight in the imperial city, he received a
slight wound. His meritorious conduct de
serves recognition, and it is believed that
if given an appointment to "West Point,
and a commission upon graduation. Musi
cian Titus will make an excellent officer."
IMPERIAL LIGHT "HOBSE: ;> -
CAPTUEES PABTY OF r BOEBS
Two Officers Who Are Slow to Throw
Up Their Hands Are , - "
DURBAN. Natal, March 29.— The Second
Imperial Light Horse, which is made up
of Natallans. is busy in Swaziland. Tho
regiment has captured 1000 head of Boer
cattle. . ... - . . . . - -
Some of the men met a- Boer party con
slating of a commandant and several
other officers. They ordered. the Boers to'
throw up their hands. Two who were
slow In obeying tho order were winged
whereupon the party surrendered. Later
a number of snipers, were' captured. Tho
regiment then captured a convoy, of twen
ty-six wagons and a number of cattle,
sheep and horses. Later another convoy
of ten wagons was captured.
Journalist McClure Retires.
PHILADELPHIA, March 29.— Colonel A.
K.'McClure to-day announced ;his ¦ sever
ance from, the Times- in -the ••following
statement: .
"With this issue of the Times my con
nection with the editorial staff' of tho
paper ceases. It is not mywlsh or pur
pose to retire from Journalistic work, but
under existing conditions the responsible
editorial direction of the Times should' be
in other hands.
"A. K. McCLTJRE."
Colonel McClure has 'been in editorial
charge of the Times ..since its,establish
ment in 1ST5. He began . his journalists
work over fifty-five years ago' as the edi
tor of a weekly paper in' Chambersburgi
Pa.
Blizzards in Great Britain.
LONDON. March 30.— Snowstorms, and
blizzards were general through the north
of Great Britain yesterday and cold winds
prevailed in Southern England. In Scot
land 25 degrees of frost were registered
and in Lincolnshire. England. 4. Much
damage was done to telegraph and tele
phone lines. .
Law of Associations Enacted.
; PARIS, March 30.— The law of associa
tions bill, one. of the most " important
measures considered by the French Par
liament during the .. last decade, was
passed last evening by the Chamber of
Deputies by a vote of 303 to 220, amid pro-'
longed Ministerial cheers.
*Crows Nest Bailway Bill Passes.
: VICTORIA. B. C, March ».— The bill to
incorporate the Crows Nest Southern
Railway, which It was expected would
meet with strong opposition in the Legis
lature, passed the second reading this aft
ernoon without opposition. This is the
railway which is to be built from the
Crows Nest Pass coal mines to connect
with the Great . Northern system.
. • ¦ ¦ " . " ¦
Illne ss of Lord Salisbury.
.LONDON. .March 30. — Lord . Salisbury,
according to the Dally Express, is suffer
ing from a kidney affection which is like
ly to incapacitate him for some time.
In the consolation, first round— Barrows from
Frlnk. 3-6. -.7-5. 6-3: Lane from Waterhouse.
6-1. 6-1: Bernhelm from Hale. 6-2. 6-0.
Open consolation, preliminary rounds— Bacon
from Campbell, 9-11. 6-4. 8-1; Wlneman from
Varlel, 6-0, 6-3: Lane . from Parker, 6-5. 9-7;.
Daniels from Bert Brown. 6-3. 9-7.
The closing day. tcr-morrow. promise*
lively contests with increased attend
ance.
Icterscholaatlc doubles, first round— Parker
anl - B«rnh«lm from McDuffy and Miss Ed
wax-da. 6-4. o-l; Campbell and Variet frutn
Wayne and Lane. 3-6, 6-0, 6-1: Urldleyandi
Kernheim from Parker and Marston. «-3. »-\ .
ladies' doubles— Miss Whltw and Miss Gar
land from Miss Lee and Miss Mulligan.' rt- -.
t-1. - „ •
Mixed doubles— Miss Voorheis and F. Spann
ing fronr Miss Edwards and Sheldon. 8-0, 2-»,
6-4: Miss Edwards and her brother from Miss
Goodwin and Bert Brrfwn. «-4. 6-3. .
Open singles, third round — Wayne from Wil
liams, ft— 1. <— 1; llendricks from Sheldon, «— •¦»
»— <; Slnaabaugh from Alexander: D*ll front
Sp&uTding by default.
Open doubles, first round — Grirl!<»y and B>1|
from Varlel and Campbell, 6—1, 7— i Seeorvl
round— Hendricks and Slnaabaugh from Grid
ley and Barrows, S— 1, 7—3: Alexander aa-I
White from Warne anil Lane. 9—7. 6— *.. g_j.
Third round — Wayne and Bel! from Brown an.t
Barrows. 6 — 0. 6 — 1: Alexander and White front
Spauldtng and West, 6—3. «— 41 Wayne ami
Lane from Parker and Bernheini. ft-4. «_;i ;
Brown brothers- from KpauMlns am] Stetson.
$—4, T — 3; Wayne and Bell from Sheldon an<l
Wlneman. «— 3. « — I; - McDuffy an.i Wllllamj
from Tbacher and Baruham. 13—11. *— i
Ladles' single*— Mr». White from Miss iful
ltgan, 6—2. 6—1: Miss Garland from Miss EJ
wards. 6— 4. 7—9. 6—4.
• Inter»cholast!c singles, second round—Hen
dricks won from Te«-1. Grtdley from Wayn*;
6 — J, 6— ». Third round— Hendricks from Bar
rows, 6 — 4, 6—2: Gridley from Vartel, 6 — 4. >— 7;
Gridlpy from Hendrieks.
VENTURA. March 13.— The tennis tour
nament at' Nordfcoff to-day developort
added interest and several exciting con
tests coverinz a series of evcnt3 with tha
following results: ;
On the Ventura Courts.
NEW YORK. March 2D.— The identity of
Interests which are believed to have se
cured a majority of the shares of tha
Mexican Central Railway stilt remains a.
matter of conjecture. The stock eichango
firm of W. L. Snow & Co., who have beeu
the intermediaries In the negotiations,
said to-day that the final negotiations
would not be concluded before next week."
Interests in the Mexican Central Deal
Make No Announcement.
NEGOTIATIONS NOT COMPLETE.
"From my investigation of the reports
as to a prospective change in the control
of the Burlington I feel confident that the
Northern Pacific-Great Northern peoplt>
are after the property, and .1 do hot be
lieve they would attempt to secure con
trol unless there was good prospect of
success." ... « •¦'.
The secret conference of President
James J. Hill of the Great Northern.
Charles E. Perkins, chairman of ths
Burlington board of directors, and ex-
Senator Wolcott of Colorado at the Vic
toria Hotel in this city on Wednesday la
believed to have settled the question.
The plan provides, it is said, fdr the pur
chase of Burlington bonds at I1S7U in 3»>
per cent guaranteed bonds, or fisi) cash.
It Is not known whether the proposition
contained a* guarantee to the stockholders
of the proposed 7 per cent. The large
Burlington stockholders do not manifest
pleasure over the rumors of the deal.
The plans were laid some time ago. "Wed
nesday's conference was prolonged, and at
its close President Hill and Senator Wol
cott hurriedly departed for the West. Mr.
Wolcott had been in Boston since March
17 ¦ talking ¦ over matters pertaining to tha
consolidation.
The officials of the Chicago, Burlington
and Quincy here to-day stated that they
could give no new light on the report that
the Northern Pacific and Great Northern
interests had gained control of the v Bur
lington. Stockholders here were also in
the dark-as to the facts. In financial cir
cles it i3 believed that President Hill of
the Great Northern is in. such a position
that his large holdings in Burlington and
strong backing in hi3 purpose to lease
Burlington ¦ will force the Burlington di
rectors to give more serious consideration
to the offer of a guarantee on. the stock
than they have heretofore been disposed
to give. One of the largest stockholder*
of the Burlington says:
BOSTON". March 23.— The Post to-day
says: The proposed consolidation of tlw»
Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad
Company with the Great Northern ami
Northern Pacific haa reached a final stage.
The long-delayed plan, it Is said, is ready
for submission to the Chicago, Burlington
and -Quincy stockholders.
Consolidation of Northern Pacific and
Burlington Beaches Final
DEAl IS NEAE AT HAND.
Conditions Named for Trans
fer of Panama Canal
Territory.
NO SOVEREIGNTY
FROM COLOMBIA
United States must Grant Concessions
but the Lease Will Be Offered
¦ ' on Most Advantageous . -^:
Terms. fulfil
Colombia will not grant sovereignty over
the strip of territory involved in the 'con
struction of the canal, but sha is willing
to make a lease on highly advantageous
terms to the United States. Senor Silva
refers to the concession held by the Pan
ama Canal Company, but he indicates that
his Government is willing to negotiate di
rectly with the United States and leave
tho question of compensation the French
company shall receive to negotiations to
be conducted by the United States anil
the company. Colombia desired that her
vessels shall be allowed to freely traverse
the canal, and she alao wants compensa
tion, either annually or in a lump sum.
M. Huntin, president of the Panama
Canal Company, who is still in Washing
ton, is satisfied that Colombia will car©
for the interests of the* company, and it is
possible the question of the amount to be
paid to the company will be brought up
in negotiations between Secretary Hay
and Senor Sllva.
Secretary Hay is indisposed to actively
push negotiations with Colombia until
after the treaty with Great Britain modi
fying the Clayton-Bulwer convention 13
signed. Senor Sllva is anxious that the
two Governments shall first arrange a.
protocol similar to that signed with Nica
ragua and Costa Rica, and when this pre
liminary convention has been disposed of
that they shall proceed to negotiate the
treaty. Secretary Hay will be willing to
8lgm the protocol provided a satisfactory
agreement can be reached, but he will not
negotiate the treaty with Colombia until
Congress has authorized the construction
of the canal.
CALL, BUREAU. H06 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, March ©.-Colombia
has formally presented to the United
States her proposals for the transfer to
this Government of the Panama canal
concession. The exact terms offered can
not be obtained, but enough is learned to
show that Senor Sllva. the Colombian
Minister, has not departed from the ver
bal suggestions be made to Secretary
Hay.
Special DUpateh to Tbe Call.
In November MacCausland was cap
tured by a Sheriff's posse near Holbrook.*
He had terrorized .the populace by- his
weird screaming around the camps ac
night and by appearing- among' the super
stitious miners and woodmenlat unexpect
ed times, his long sojourn in the wilder
ness having given him the appearance of
a creature half-animal, half-man. For
several months he had existed In the for
est, living on wild birds, eggs and fowls
and what he could steal from camps.
After his capture he was adjudged insane
and committed to the asylum here.
As MacCausland left the carriage to be
taken into the hospital he broke away
from Deputy Sheriff Bargeman and ran.
Bargeman drew his revolver and fired
into the ground to frighten MacCauslaxid
into stopping. The bullet glanced and
struck the maniac in the back, penetrat
ing the abdomen. , MacCausland died the
following day.
Dr. W. H. Ward, superintendent of the
asylum^ has just given out further par
ticulars of the case. As soon as MacCaus
land was Btruck by Bargeman's bullet his
wandering reason returned, and before his
death he told the strange story of his life.
He was 27 years old and the only son of.
William Sanderson .MacCausland of Gal
wally Park, Belfast. He was the "black
sheep" of the family and after a dissi
pated career wag disinherited. He came
to America, and during a fight In a min
ing town was shot In the head. The in-
Jury to his brain, where the bullet re
mained, caused insanity, and since then
he had lived like an animal In the forest.
MacCausIand's relatives have just com
pleted an investigation of his death and
removed the body to the parental estate.
PHOENIX, Ariz., March 29.-It has just
Jieen learned .here that Robert MacCaus
land, the "wild man of Arizona," who for
weeks last fall kept lumber and ralnins
camps in the northern part of the Terri
tory in a state of panic and wia finally
killed here, was descended from .an an
cient and honorable family in Ireland.
. Special IMspatcb to Tho Call.
Death Wound Restores the Poor Crea
ture's Reason and Memory' Re
calls the Events of His
Early Idfe,_ .
"Wild; Man ;of ; Arizona'- tlie
Scion of an Ancient
Family.
HERMIT MANIAC
GENTLY REARED
Personal.
.'Charles Kollo Peters, -artist, arrived In
the city from New York yesterday and
made Instant preparations to leave for his
studio at Monterey. At. Denver the^artist
had the I pleasure of making '. the "> acquain
tance fif Mainr Dar.lels. an angelic mil
lionaire. The. Colorado man -possesses
wealth galore, but he never knew true un
alloyed happiness until he saw. one "of Pe
ters' Monterey moonlights. ¦
The, last service of the series being held
at : St. Mary's Cathedral; under the aus
pices, of theXalvarlan Society will:. take
place to-inorrow.' Palm , Sunday, ; at the us
ual hour of these lerten devotlons,'3 p. m*
After-the .way of the cross* there will be
a sermon \ on "Holy .: Week'.j by , Rev. . John
W. -Sullivan. Benediction, will conclude
the services? "At' these -religious 5 exercises
other v .than "Calvarlan Society member*
may be present.l!tanMMMjflttiAMMnttM
¦ .-•..¦-¦
Lenten Cathedral Devotions.
Robert Phillips, an ex-convlct. was held
to answer before the Superior, Court by
Judge Fritz yesterday l on the charge ; of
robbery In $2000 bonds. The complaining
witness ' was Albert ¦ Schwartz;, a fireman
on the transport Kilpatrick.' and the Dis
trict Attorney's office wants Schwartz de
tained In custody - till the case comes up
for trial in the Superior . Court, I probably
two "months 'hence. The matter 'has been
deferred till Monday.
Held for Robbery.
Policemen Chase, Murphy, Connor and
Brady, of the Chinatown squad raided an
opium den at 620 Dupont street last night.
They found several white men, a white
woman and many Mongolians stupefied by
the drug. KMjaiflwq'Up' HJIiiliJlJ.*l l l!»
- While one of the officers went to : ring
for the patrol wagon W. T.'Turnbull, one
of . the prisoners, gave battle and was
sent to- the -hospital, for. repairs "after
peace had been restored..- The 'white
woman's name is, Josie, Parker. r She was
charged- with vagrancy as well as visiting
an opium Joint. -Yung Yow.- the keeper of
the place, and several of his countrymen
were also. taken into custody.' ¦ : - . •»¦.-¦
Opium User Gives Battle.
CURES PEOPLE BY THE STARS -H M
Hlnernan. KS Har.aome street, secured a war
rant from Judge Ca.tan!ss yesterday tor tha
arr«?ft of Guldo Erllng on * charge of prac
ticing medicine without a license. Hlneman
allege* that he has paid Egllng considerable
money for treatment, a* be represented him
self an a ohrfftclan who believed la the efa
cacy of the etar» to cure eiseaae*. -
PETITIONB LV INSOLVEXCY.-Petltions la
insolvency were filed yeiterday in the United
.states District Court u follow*: J. ti. Oneto
miner. Aiurela Camp. C&laveras County lia
bilities. JCS5 47; ¦ no assets. Edward Davey
rcttitr, Anrels . Camp. Calaveras County Hal
UUtles. J770 06; asset*. J262 TS. E. L. Bartord.
merchant, Saa Franclaco; liabilities. 1991 37- no
assets.
STOLJBA PAIR OF TROUSERS.— Benjamin
Mnuer. an ex-member of the Sixth Artillery
who aerved a sentence , at . Alcatraz for viola
tion of the rule* of the War Department while
In Manila, was convicted by Judge Cabanlss
yesterday on the charge of stealing a pair of
trousers from the store of W. L. Turney, sjo
Kearny street, and was sentenced to 60 days
in tb« County Jail. »
DISMISSES WILL CONTEST.— The contest
to the wlU of the late Joan >•. O. Hunter, la
vtltpted by Joseph Gowans, was dismissed by
Judge Troutt yesterday without prejudice, it
, it understood that a settlement with the dis-'
ratlsfied belni of the deceased b&s Ues effected
I out ot court. . .: . ;
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
Judge Seawell handed down an opinion
yesterday giving Judgment in favor" of
Father Peter J. Gray in the action insti
tuted against him by Archbishop Rior
dan to recover $35,000 on deposit in • the
Hlbernla Bank, which the plaintiff al
leges are parish moneys. On t the state
ment that another action would be filed,
but on a different line, to recover, the
moneys. Judge Seawell ordered # that the
injunction heretofore Issued in the orig
inal suit restraining Father from
drawing the moneys out of the bank re
main in full force and effect.
Judgment for Father Gray.
Charles Sutton and Charles Gilroy were
arrested last night for raising a disturb
ance In a Ninth-street restaurant. After
eating what he had ordered Gilroy left
the restaurant, leaving his comrade to
pay the score. This he refused to do and
struck the cashier. Gilroy returned while
the fight was in progress and took a hand
in tha row. When arrested 'the cashier
was out of it and Gilroy and Sutton were
pumxnellng each other.
Created Row in Restaurant.
The Board of Health yesterday ap
pointed James A. Emery secretary to suc
ceed John A. Brown, who resigned to take
the position of statistician, made vacant
by the resignation of W. D. Griffin. '
Emery was taken from the civil service
eligible list. James McKenzie, steward in
the Emergency Hospital, also resigned
and C Mahoney was appointed to the
vacancy. :
Ex-Judge Magulre addressed the board
In opposition to its practice of exacting a
fee of $10 on the bodies of dead Chinamen
In transit from other counties to the
Orient. Maguire referred particularly to
a recent shipment of bones from San Jose
which, he . said, .were in : such - condition
that it would be Impossible to state to
which bodies they belonged or how many
bodies they represented. He contended
that the fees could be exacted only by the
county in which : the dislntermenf took
place. Maguire .will have a conference
with a committee of the board, when an
agreement; will be reached.
EMERY MADE SECRETARY
OF THE BOARD OF HEALTH
Brown Is Appointed Statistician—Op
. position to Exaction of Fees '
on Chinese Bones.
The third monthly concert of the Twen
tieth Century Club was given last night
at Metropolitan Temole to a house that
should have been larger but that was
amplv sympathetic. Iho programme was
well "balanced and *ood throughout, in
cluding an excellent rendering of the Max
Bruch violin concerto by Paul Egrv.
which was most enthusiastically received
by the audience. Two numbers from a
new Arensky trio were given an "Elegie"
and "Scherzo" for piano, violin and cello,
which was well given by Messrs Genss,
Egry and "Weiss. Mr. \\ elss" numbers,
the popular Popper "Gavotte" and
Thome's "Simple Aru," gave much pleas
ure and the songs of John Plagemann,
the'vocalist of the evening, were pleasing
lv heard. Herman Genss gave a "Night
S*ong" of his own composition and the
Schubert-Taussig "Militar Marsch."
Twentieth Century Club Concert.
Charles Webb Howard, president of the
Spring Valley Water Company, filed a
written agreement with the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday to the effect that if the
present ordinance fixing water rates shall
continue for the fiscal year 1:<01-1S02, sub
stituting S18.500 per month for the total
hydrant rate In lieu of $5 per month for
each hydrant, the Spring Valley Water
Company will within the fiscal year 1&01
1902 expend up to $465,000 in laving all the
pipes and mains recommended by the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department in
his letter to the Bciard of Fire Commis
sioners, dated February 18, 190:.
Will Expend S465,OOO if Allowed
$18,500 for Hydrant3 by the
Soard of Supervisors.
SPRING VALLEY AGREES
TO LAY NEW WATER MAINS
Returns Home 111.
Special Treasury Agent J. D. Power, on«v
of the passengers who arrived in this
city on the Maru/was close to death dur
ing his voyage over. When the vessel left
the Orient he was suffering from abscess
of the liver and at one time his case be
came so critical that it was thought that
he would certainly succumb. When the
Maru reached port yesterday, he was re
moved at once ¦ to St. Mary's Hospital.-
Although still very weak he Is now rap
idly convalescing. ' .: .
Regulation of Signs.
City Attorney Lane advises the Super
visors that a sign attached to a building
und«f a license of' the city or a transpar
ency above the walk, which may serve to
illuminate the street, is not such a struc*
turetas the charter intended to prohibit
when it refers I to structures ¦ which are
permanent .encroachments. especially
when such signs are made removable at
the pleasure of the city.
Thompson's Trial Continued.
SANTA ROSA. March 29.— The second
trial of C King Thompson, charged with
breaking into the safe in the Pioneer
Laundry a few; months ago 'and stealing
the savings of one of: the young lady em
ployes, came up In the Superibr Court to
day. After a few moments' argument
the case .went over until next Friday,
upon the, ground that Sheriff Grace, hav
ing been ¦ a witness ¦ for- the prosecution at
the former trial. ; was . not : eligible under
the law to summon the Jury. Prejudice
In the selection of the talesmen also was
charged. /; : / ;'. ;
Peter McG'bney and his wife were evict
« d frcm tbelr home at 77 Converse street
yckterdsy afternoon by the Sheriff and
Jater in the day were arrested and charged
with drunkenness. A 14-year-oM son of
the couple, who has been roaming the
Ftreets for several days past, was also ar
i»-«tf-d and booked for an Institution.
The couple have three other children.
They are girls and the youngest is but
little more than two years of age. They
were taken care of by Secretary White
of the Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Children and sent to the Youths' Di
rectory.
Six months ago McGibney •was a sober,
*ndustrious man. but since receiving a
Wow on the head he has become addicted
to drink.
CHILDREN RESCUED FROM.
LIQTJOR-LOVTNG PARENTS
Couple Evicted by the Sheriff and
Allow Young Ones to Roam
Streets.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch has
determined to reduce his office force by
two deputies and the force in Internal
Revenue Agent Thomas' office by two.
These reductions, added to a shave in
salaries of some of the less favored clerks,
will bring the expenditures of the office
within the appropriation. It is expected
that Deputies Walker .and. Worth will be
dropped from Mr. Thomas' department,
as they are the latest accessions to the
force. Collector Lynch la conferring with
Senators Bard and Perkins as to the two
that must be dropped from his office. The
reductions will go Into effect this evening.
Salaries Shaved to Meet the New Ap
propriation for the Internal
Revenue Office.
FOUR CLERKS WILL BE
LEFT OFF THE ROLL
With the exception of Hewitt, the ap
pointees will hold office for thirty days,
pending- the action of the Civil Service
Commission. y
The Board of Electricity met In the Hall,
of Justice yesterday and appointed Wil
liam R. Hewitt chief of the department.
Other appointments were as follows:
David Griffith and W. C. Pennycook, in
spectors; P. S.. Benjamin, Albert Schurch,
Instrument makers; E. S. "Wlswell. fin
isher; Daniel Shay, batteryman; John H;
Ryan, J. G. Gorman and W. F. Wede
meyer, linemen. ' Shay has been in the
department for over thirty years and ig
looked upon as one of the best batterymen
in the city. ¦¦ ¦. ¦'
Hewitt Appointed Chief.
When the order directing George W.
Rentschler to show cause why he should
not be punished for contempt for refusing
to pay Margaret L. Rentschler alimony
pending a decision of her action for di
vorce was called by Judge Sloss yester
day, Rentschler created some surprise by
walking to the bar and asserting that the
plaintiff in the action was not his wife
and that he had been married to another
woman since the institution of the action.
Judge Sloss directed him to procure
counsel and continued the case for a
week. If Rentschler is mistaken about
the relationship existing between himself
and the plaintiff the result will be serious
for him.
Lulu Dowllng was granted a divorce
from Charles Dowling yesterday on the
ground of desertion. •"
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Mary Violet Park against Charles A.
Park for cruelty; Agnes R. Knowles
against Henry H. Knowles for cruelty
and Florence M. Finberg- against Martin
I. Finberg for cruelty.
Who Is Suing Him for
Divorce.
BENTSCHLEB REPUDIATES
HIS ALLEGED MARRIAGE
Denies He Is Wedded to the Woman
- The, Hackmen's Union has decided, .to
take "steps against the ' Conlon & - Know
land stables. President Coffey.- .of . ;the
Hackmen's Union ;»ays every means to
effect a peaceable settlement of the dis
pute has been exhausted . and that co
ercive measures will now be adopted : by
the union. The.:hackmen are sts strong
that no non-union hacks can be driven in
funerals or in carriage 'parties, but the
offending stables have non-union men. at
the ferry and hill stations, where they
can pick up scattered fares without T op
position. The matter has been under
consideration for some time by the Hack
men's Union and the only effective way
to combat 1 the adverse stables, they have
decided, is to call out the stablemen.
Stablenien May Strike. |
Testimony for the defense was taken
in tho United States District Court yes
terday in the case of John E. English and
others against the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company for damages for having been
fed on bad food on the Rio. de Janeiro.
Several petty officers and members of the
crew of the Rio de Janeiro testified that
the European stee/age was on the main
deck and the Asiatic steerage was below,
but that when the European steerage was
overcrowded the overflow passengers were
placed on' the samo deck as the Asiatic
steerage, separated from -it by-a canvas
curtain or partition. The witnesses testi
fied a!so that the food supplied to the
plaintiffs was not "rancid and rotten." as
alleged, but that it was the same quaiity
of food as that served the petty officers
of the Rio. and that it cost much more
than did the food furnished to the Chi
nese. Quartermaster Lindstrom said 'that
Chinese and Japanese passengers were fed
on next to nothing, and that most of them
brought food with them. *
The trial will be resumed on April 17.
Employes Deny That European
Steerage Food "Was Had.
FOOD FOR MONGOLIANS
COSTS ALMOST NOTHING
Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
saw just what was necessary to make' the
hearts of the housewives in the country
glad. She did not wait for the dream to
become: dim, but pot right up and mad-i
a rough drawing and description of what
she had* seen. The "next day sheiworked
it-out carefully, ;had a -sample made an'l
a few i days, ago.' received . her patent?
covering the Invention. It Is a little bra^s
clasp that tits about the posts and wltl
hold cords or wires for carrying drapery.
It can be removed or attached in a sec
ond of ¦ time and once on the post is Im
movable until released by hand. . ... •
Mrs. Higley has already .been offered
$5000 for her patent, but has declined to
sell at that price.
The Grand Jury listened yesterday to
the story of Ah Qui, a Chinese slave girl,
who had a thrilling escape from her own
ers a year ago. Ah Qui was the wife of
Wong Ti. a merchant, and for awhile -was
«n lanuta of Ali.-s LaJte'.« Mission Home.
Her liusbaad tock her away from . the
home and told her he was going away.
He' left her in charge of his next door
neighbor and the wife soon realized that
she had been, sold into slavery. She was
told that her owner had paid $3000 for her
and was threatened with death should she
esea.pe. |
The investigation of Chinatown scandals
will be resumed next Monday afternoon.
The Grand Jury also considered the case
of Dave Wharton, who was accused of
purloining a scurfpin from Henry Mackey
on March 18. Mack*>y Jumped off a train
and was stunned. The pin was found In
Wharton's handkerchief and Wharton
said that while wiping the blood off
Mackey's face the pin became detached.
No action was taken by the Grand Jury.
$2000.
SLAVE GIBL TELLS HER
STORY TO GRAND JURY*
Ah Qui Testifies That She Was Sold
by Her Husband for
A -conference was held yesterday in the
Mayor's office to outline a plan for putting
into force the ordinance providing for
-*4-cent street car fares for pupils at
tending public aJid private schools. There
¦were present at the conference Mayor
Phelan, the members of the Board of
Education. Vice President Holbrook of
the Market Street Railway Company:
Secretary Clayton of the 6an Matco H::e
and Supervisor Braunhart.
Mr. Uolbrook staled that all Hie cora
pajiie* except the Sutter-street road have
ajjre«<J to abide by the ordinance, though
his ccrapany reserved the right to test
the legality of the ordinance should the
provision? be abused or should undeserv
jne- t>«or»l* benefit by it.' He thought the
H^fLfa ~VT TSrracsrTrm' mutiiu who -w«-e
entitled to the privilege.
Braunhart explained that the ordinance
•najt intended to apply to public and pri
var«» school*, besides the Lick. Affiliated
College*. WUmerCing' and Institutions of
that character.
Ho'ibrook feared that danclr.gr schools
and physical culture Institutions might
•=«>ek to take advantage of the reduced
fare, but ¦was willing that the Board of
Education should designate the bene
ficiaries. The ordinance Is to go Into ef
•fect. by agreement, on April 15 to give the
companies an opportunity to have the
tickets printed and the School Board time
to prepare blanks for certificate?.
' Secretary Clayton of the San Mateo line.
who has b«»n in favor of the bill from it?
inception, ¦will confer with the board and
maJce suggestions for the proper enforce
ment of It* provisions. It is probable that
stations will b«» established In various
parts of the city where tickets will be
s-o!d in blocks of twenty. •
txreea City Officials and Street
Railu-ay Representatives.
An Amicable Conference Held Be-
PREPARING TO ENFORCE
HALF-FARE ORDINANCE
Mrs. Joseph D. „ I-,ou{?hrey. whose hus
band is manager of a glove store on Post
and Kearny streets, applied at police
headquarters yesterday afternoon for
shelter. She had a baby two months old.
in her arms. Sh« said* her husband had
refused to support her any longer, and the
landlady of the house on Willow avenue,
where she had been stopping, had driven
her out and she had no place to go. She
was sent to the City Prison in charge of
the matron! but later was taken to a
house on Geary street by Detective An
thony till action could be taken to compel
her husband to support her. The couple
have betn living apart for some months,;
and Mrs. Loughrey has twice been arrest
ed recently for annoying her husband,
but each time the. case against her has
been dismissed. ..-.--
No Roof to Shelter Her.
SUMMER OUTING
OF THE GUARD
State Troops Receive Orders
to Go Into Camp at
Santa Cruz.
Teats to Be Pitched In June on En
campment Grounds Selected
by the Commis
sion.
Division encampment of the National
Guard of California will be held at Santa
«'ruz from the 15th to the 23d of June next.
The dlv and county of Fanta Cruz have
made aid delivered a dec-d to the camp
*ite on Laveajra Heights. The ground was
selected by the commission appointed un
tier authority of the Legislature, and the
Plate has now a permanent camp ground
-or its troops. A quartermaster's store
house end other*permanent improvements
ttffl eooa be established on the Elte.
Major Crer.eral Dickinson has issued the
fallowing criicrs relating to the encamp
ment'.
Headquarter* Division. N. O. C.
FAN FKANCISCO. March 3. 1901.
f-'j)«-i*l OrtSrrm No. — .
A me«tlnn of the officers of tb« division staff
v.:ii i* held at division headquarters, on Thurs
day. Arril 4. 1501, at 1I:SO coon. This meeting
is preliminary to preparing for the division er\
« »mr>:r:ent. to be held from the 15th to the ZZd
« r June next, at Santa. Cruz. In accordance with
following order received from reaeral head
«;-an erf :
Gt-neral Headquarters, State o? California,
Adjuant General' » Offioe,
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. March 38. 1$M
< -Tfr«l Orders No. 5.— Extract, t
In accordance with section K^ Political Cod*,
of California, the First. Second and Third
Kricadev rtf the National tJuard will assemble
cr:<l encamp for discipline and drill at the (State
«'«m:> of Instruction, at Santa t^rui, Cal. on
June 15. l?oi. for a jxriod of eight day?, exclu
1 w tt the time r.eeefjarj' for transportation.
1 Vi* canjp will be under the command of Major
'General John H. Dickinson. comman<2inz divl
••iXi. National Guard of California.
I'e» tfiem mill not be allowed nor raid from
the State appropriation to officer*, enlisted m*n
> r musicians.
Ter.taire »•!!! be issued to tho^e organization*
• J the fcuard ha\ ir.g none ujou iheir arrival at
• amp.
This in f> he *trict!y a camp of instruction.
Major General John H. Dickinson it charsfd
¦«iUi the execution of tfci* order. He mill «r
rarjpe tlie details. laoludin* transportation.
»-jt>elMeTice and FUrTliey. the expenditure for
•which is nit to exceed ttie allotment for that
1 urporc to b* hf reaftfr made. By order of the
cmnnianrter Jn chief.
Official: W. IT. PEAMAXS.
Adjutant Oeneral.
Eitrh Cfr«rtmer.t n'.'X b* Minted to attend
?•» all prcper detail* with tbt- prrparir.y for and
ifte hn^Jit.g of naid encamptn.T.t and all must
t« r»re«ent at this meeting; arnl n>> excuse will
'•e received or leave of abwnn rranted. By
iwmsiinJ of Uajcr General Dickinson.
Official: I). E. MILES.
Colonel anJ Ar?!*tant Adjutant General.
L. S. SCHMITT. Major and Aid.
As there will be a complete change of
administration on Monday there may be
some change in the aspect of the litiga
tion that has piled up over the city. The
new City- Council has fallen heir to all
of the troubles of the old Council, includ
ing the fixing of water rates and the pros
ecuting of the present water rate suit
and the payment of the bills therefor.
This change of administration will make
some changes about the City Hall. James
A. Johnson, City Attorney-elect, has an
nounced that he will retain present Dep
uty City Attorney Condon as his deputy.
City Engineer-elect F. C. Turner will ap
point David Brown, a brother of Chair
man Everett Brown of the Republican
City Central Committee, his chief deputy,
and will retain the services of Charles E.
Proctor, field man, and Miss Maud M.
Dent in' the office. City Treasurer Tay
lor will appoint E. S. Finch his. chief
deputy, will retain Charles Cole, at pres
ent a deputy in the office., and will appoint
as special deputies William T. Dickenson.
\\\ H- J. Matthews. Webb X. Pierce and
R. B. Kyle.
The rtcount in- the Allen-Burtchaell
election contest will .. begin on Tuesday
next, and the recount between J. H. Mc-
Menomy and Andrew J. Ruch has been
set for Wednesday, April 10. .-. ¦ ;" T
The present City Council win hate to
go out of office without fixing water rates,
and that ; duty : will, fail upon'the newly
elected municipal legislature. Circuit
Judge Morrow to-day declined to dissolve
the injunction against the' City. Council
issued by him yesterday, and^a hearing
cannot be - had upon . tnis matter until
Monday, after the Council shall have gone
out of existence. ¦ ¦•¦<•¦
Robert Y. Hayne, special attorney for.
the city in the water rate litigation, and
City Attorney Dow visited 'the Circuit
Court to-day and asked Judge; Morrow to
set aside. the injunction. They explained
that the same points were covered in the
injunction proceedings now pending in
the State Supreme Court, and asked that
his injunction be dismissed. Judge Mor
row replied that if the State bupreme
Court handed down a decision ho would
glv© it his immediate attention, but de
clined to dissolve the injunction.
There are now two Injunctions prevent
ing the City Council from taking any ac
tion toward fixing water pates— one from
Judge Hart and one from'Judge Morrow.
The Hart* Injunction is on appeal, taken
by the city to the State Supreme Court;
and it was announced to-day thet a de
cision would be handed down upon this
to-morrow. - .
Oakland Office San ; Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. March 29. ; ,
pointed.
Preparing for the Change, in Admin
istration , Next Week— Deputies
Who Will Be ' Ap- ,
INJUNCTION NOT
TO BE DISSOLVED
Circuit Judge Morrow Says
the Writ Must Hang
Till Monday. *
Custodian of Fire Alarm Box Key
Befuses to Give It Up
Until He Investi
gates.
Save the Dilla Residence
From Destruction by
Quick* Action.
PROMPT WORK
OF TWO BOYS
THE SAN jFRA^GISCO CALL,, SATURDAY; MARCH 30' 1901.
c
Mrs. Jessie H. Higley Promptly Patents an
Idea That Came to Her in Her SIeep;S
INVENTION OR A DREAMER
OAKLAND. March 23.— A dream
haa proved itself worth $5000 to
,Mrs. Jessie H. Higley of ¦• Nile's.'
For once a night-time fancy has
/ proved itself to be worth, somf
thlnf- tangible In coin of. the country.' Mrs.
Hig/ey has been offered $5000 In cash for
the/ product of that dream and has re
fused it, -believing: that it is worth more.
Mrs. Jessie M. Higley is the wife -of
Seward O. Higley, the station agent of
tfte Southern Pacific Company at- NUei.
They have lived in that quiet community
lor some years and Mrs. Higley's house
wifely instincts have become proverbial.
Her house Is always "Just so." and when
things do not go right Mrs. Higley makes
11
, •
ALAMEDA, March 23—Two small bo.vs.
names not known, saved the home of W.
A- Dilla from destruction by fire last
night by their timely action and presence
of mind. Dilla wanted to reward the
boys for their work, but when ho looked
around for them after the excitement had
cearcd he could not find them.
Dilla was alone in the kitchen of his
home when a lamp exploded axui en
veloped him In flames. His hajids and
arms were severely scorched and his
beard was partially burned off. •"
Dilla saw the fire was setting the best
of him and called for help.
Two boys who happened to fre passing
responded, coming up the 6teps three at
a time. They were hastily dispatched
to the nearest lira alarm bos. to summon
the tire department. /
The nearest station to theyDMa house
is at the corner of High etjet and En
clnal avenue, two blocks R»"ay- »> hen
the boys explained their errand William
Cox. custodian of the key, rtfused to turn
in an alam without first investigating.
The boys did not stop to <rgue the point
with him. Running to (be nearest fire
house, another block distant, they secured
fire exting-uishers and thei ran as hard as
they could for the Dilla Wnise. They got
there before Cox. who oad started on a
tour of inspection. /
In a few minutes after/the arrival of the
juvenile lire brigade th« fire was 'out- As
soon as the last.?parkMas quenched the
two boys disappeared. /The fire destroyed
part of the kitchen and/a small shed.
PLATE GAME V±TLMS
FAIL flO PROSECUTE
Bench Warrants Iisued for Arrest of
Chester M. Griffin and Carl
Grertz.
When the cases of Frank Marshall, Bert
Album. J. D. Brooks and H. Kenney.
charged with, grand larceny, were called
in Judge Cabanlss' court yesterday the
complaining witnesses. Chester M. Griffin
of Y re lea and Carl Goertz of 1159 Mission
street, failed to appear and bench war
rants were fssued for their arrest and the
cases werr continued until Monday.
The fr-ur prisoners are accused of
swindling Griffln out of $97 5a and
Goertz out of $53 by what is
known as the "plate game" in a shed at
tached to photopraph parlors at the Cliff
House. After losing their monev they
were very indignant and readily swore to
warrants for the arrest of the defendants,
1-ut the police now believe that they have
received back their money and have left
the city.
G<>ertz was at police headquarters
Thursday night and stated that he had
got back $40. with the promise of more,
but he would be in court in the morning.
The presumption is that both have re
ceived the full p. mounts of their losses.
Attorney Arthur Mack appears for the de
fendants.
knowing how. ; v :
It lz equally true in the use of medl-
«-in-«. The fame remedies we have to-day
have existed for thousands of years, but if
their existence was known the knowledge
of how to use them was lacking:.
They became valuable to the human
. race only when experiment and eclence
•hrtwftd the way to use them to get ra-
: UltS. HHS*f
The grip i» «n old disease Trtth a new
name: it is really catarrhal in character
arjl the usual symptoms are those of
acute catarrh, but the old-time catarrh
pow.lers, salves and pprays do not cure it,
. nfith»r does the application of antiseptics
through an inhaler eive anything more
than relief for a short time.
Thf antiseptics are all right; they will
kill the perms of catarrh and grip If they
are applied rightly, but their local appli-
cation to the nose and throat avail little
because the perms are In the blood and
through tbe whole Fj'stem.
• Stuart's Catarrh Tablets contain many
of these same antiseptics, that aro used
In f prays and Inhalers, but Instead of ap-
plylru them *o the inflamed membranes !
ot the nose and throat, they are taken. ;
Into the. stomach and thus reach tho blood,
¦ he real seat of the disease, and drive out '
the Infectious germs through the natural '¦
channels of the bowels and kidneys.
In ether words Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
reach the cause of the mischief instead of
merely local symptoms.
The remarkable success of these tablets
in curing grip, catarrh ami throat and
lung troubles is because they drive the ca-
iarrhal poison from the system and the
nose and throat become clear of the ex-
cessivc secretion of mucus, which causes
the hawking, spitting and gagging, be-
cause the secretion is not supplied from
\ healthy blood. .
Ll Two years ago Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
™ were unknown, but to-day have become so
popular through positive merit that drug-
gists everywhere tn the United States.
Canada and Creat Britain now sell them.-
Slakes Success or Failure.
One jnan with pen, ink and paper can
produce a landscape, another man with
e&me pen and Ink may not be able to
write his own name legibly. It is all in
It's the Method Employed Which
IT IS THE WAY YOU USE IT.
W ASK for the RJLL NAME
1 Hmifaii Jii0S I
tin] ¦ To Obtain the best and safest Natural Luatlr* Water Koown to the medical pro- jfjii
<!•£»> fesslon, a ncyer-f allies remedy for all disorders of the stomach and liver, of lnval- <»**.
|W| n&ble serric« to people of sedentary habits and an absolute car* for chronic if ill
i Lonstipatioa t
W • • -For Dyspepila, BilloaiDess, and for Hecdache arising from orerloadlng the »tnm- ' Kl{
1 1% ''ach.no remedy in the world has been so thoroughly indorsed bx the medical profes-". <j^<
lQ| : ilon generally as this vr%ll-VnowD Aperient Water. |f$j]
a§£" t l T*\ Dt . L - V™ "V V ' UC " With RED Centre Panel. $£
ADVEETISEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 30, 1901.
12
SAX FKAJfCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE O- The S*n Francises
[Call, comer of Market and Third 1 streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes etreet; open until 5:30 p. ra. .
O3 McAllister etreet; open "until 9:S3 p. m.
Ci; L&rkin etreet: open until 3:30 p. m.
::•<; Mission street; open until W p. ra.
•m Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Ele\-enth etreet: open until 9 p. n. •
IC56 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m. .
ICcrtfcwest corner Twenty-»econd and Ken-
<-»Iit rtreetf : CT>en ontil 9 P. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. — a
Culled meeting- THIS (SATCRDAT) mJ\m
HVEN1NG at 7:50 o'clock; second de- »^^
pree.* R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. '
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— ¦
Special meeting, St. Johns' Hall. THIS _/\^
(?ATCRDAV> EVENING at 7:30 JtST
oclock; third degree. Master Masons ' W
are cordiallv Invited. By order of the mas-
ter. 'J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. end A- - • < . ;
M.— Officers and members* are requested
to Rttend the funeral cf our deceased T&i\
brother. CHARLES OLDFIELD, f^ y
SUNDAY. March SI. at 1:S9 p. m. By order
Of l H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
I-ARKER Lodge No- 124. L O. O.
F —Members are notified to as- ¦gZ«2sfe
eemble at hall on SUNDAY. 1:39
v m . to ottend the funeral of '" |l "
Sir late brother. PJf^^^^k. O.
THE California Debris Commission, having r?-
relved applications to rr-.ine by the hydraulic
process frcm F. C. LeBlond and W. E. Ohn-
Btead. in the Chaparral Hill mine, near
Downleville. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in
Oooflyear Creek: from Ah Lung, in the Ful-
ler Flel mine, near Scales, Sierra Co.. to oe-
toslt utiimc* in Canycn Creek: from J. IL
Skinner. In the Lava Point mine, at Hepsl-
dam. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings In
¦UTiiskey Creek: from J. "W. Dempsey. in the
Hunrsriaji Hill mine, near Quiney, Plumas
Co to deposit tailings in "Whiskey Creek.
end from J. P. Carter and William Deal, In
the Cadmus mine, at head of Peters Creek.
Plumas Co.. to deposit taillnsrs In Peters
Creek gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room I?, Flood building. San Fran-
risco. Oal.. on April K-. W1. at l:S0 p. m.
MEETI XG S SUNDAY.
THEiFc«tentf8 ( aa4 5 I*- ra.. 505 Larkin st.
Occidental Hall: lec'uie .and tests at 3. 10c;
materialization, slalewritir.g. tests and music
«: i. "jv: brine your cvrn slates.
AGEMS WAXTED.
EXPCRIEVrEP Insurance apents. Call at
focm 1C1. 127 Market St.. corner Sixth.
\TaNTED— Aper.tg in each city; cood money.
Paoiflc Co>«t TJ. * L. Co.. im Sth. Oakland.
AM'UAL/rUBl HOOFING.
J PULTIER. asphalt reefing, sidewalks re-
PKired: postal. 11S3 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divcrce law a rpeciaHy. private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOTVE. JLtty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections: damages; es-
tates; mining; open even. 502 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free: no charp-e unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. fc. CLARK. Emma tpreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ke; fV; consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOARDING roil CHILDREN.
GERMAN lady would luce one or more children
to board; a nice place and heme; fresh milk
every day. Inquire corner Oregon and Mll-
via 6ts., Berkeley.
GKRMAX lajy Broold like children to board;
good borne; rocm for parent. *Z9 Minna st.
UlSINESS CHANCES.
A — 5500; DAlfTT"~proiJuce and coffee and tea
store, with I living rooms; rent $20; very
beat locat'.an: McAllister ?t.. and good pay-
ing ; death cause of eale. Call P.. G. WILKE,
26'j Kearny st.
A— HOC 1 : BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
E living rooms: rent 130: daily receipts 112;
rare and splendid chance. R. 9. WILKE,
:<; : i Kearay st. I
A — JlSiC; CORNER rrocery and bar. on Point
Lobos ave.; rent $40; lease: living rooms; old
•»*iabiifhed and first-class paying business,
with large stock: rare chance. Call R. G.
WiLKE. i6>.i Kearny st. ?,.•
A— MCt; RESTAURANT: choicest location;
olore to Palace Hotel: rent $30: good paying
business. Call It. G. WILKE. S6VJ Kearny st. j
A— tCSO: CORNER grocery and bar; rent I"; a
f.ne business and choice location in the Mls-
*-lcn: splendid show for man and wife. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26*3 Kearny gt.
A RARE chance — Old established flower store
with nursery, including hothouses, boiler.
liorses. wagons, plant* and trees o* all de-
scription; location heart of the city; estab-
lished 8 years: first--* — . paying establish-
ment; lease. Ca!l R. G. WILKE. IC.i Kearny.
A— $;C0; RESTATJRAKT on Ssnsome st. : rent
$1S: good paying. R. G. WILKE. 2S»4 Kearny.
A— »2uO; STATIONERY store; 2 living 100ms;
rent £lo: cood business for man and wife.
• all R. G. WILKE. SC£ Kerrny 6C .
$;60C-GROCi:RY " r.nd bar: old established:
'f*licap rent; No. 1 stock and fixtures: choice
iooation: fu'l investigation solicited; value In
eight. LUNDIN & CO.. *C6 Market st.. and
'.' Ellis £t.
Cat-SALOON: good location: water front: j
daily receipts V:<< to SIS: cheap rent: sickness 1
cause of f>ale. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market, j
FfRVITLUn of : rooms and kitchen, with !
• loro in front: cheap rent: choice location: j
must t* told to-day. LUNDIN- & CO.. 90S )
ilar!c?t i?t. • I
tUH — WINE and liquor store; transfer corner;
rstlrir-g- trcm burners cause of sale. Mc-
LUICHUW & CO.. 777'i Market st.
COPARTNER In established, light indoor
<~r-mm!f=sion business. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
T77 : » Market et.
1M CIGAll Ktands, COO groceries and bars.
TOO c-Endy and icecream stores. 500 restaurants.
K0 Ftores of a'.l Kinds; partners wanted,
rfarties with $100 up can be suited.
WALTER HATES A: CO.. S3S Market St.
A— GOOD restaurant complete; good payer; In
n-ar.ufacturlnit center: cheap rent. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. STO Market et
IjO you v.iir.t a bargain in a rooming-house,
saloon, home In either Oakland, fan'
f'rancisco, Los Angeles, i'au Jose? Do you
want a hcine In 'Mo.J Kansas, Nebraska.
Tnwa? See CLARK & WARD, 1073>4 Market
Ft.. P. 1-".: Sth and BroaHnay. Oekland.
A— $<?.*¦ RESTAURANT: no better location In
the ritv; this is !>csitivrly worth over $1000.
bat it must go Immediately. Business Board
of Trade. ZZ'J Pine St.; phone Davis Xtt.
J'.COCV— PARTNER wanted in established cream-
ery; money tr> be used to extend bjjslness;
Vtn net $U0 per month each; can be in-
creased. Box 27<9. Call.
PARTNER wanted with email caoital in "a
<-or. trading and ranrg. business clearing JM0
to $100 a month; V.-111 bear the fullest inves-
tigation. Address box 2742. Call.
CREAMERY. <lairy produce, etc.; $1000; *Ftab-
ii^hed 10 ycare; eicknesn oause of e-IIins;
trial given. Box 27«, Call.
PARTNER wanted: chicken and hog ranch:
city outskirts: $lSi> to $400 required; married
Americsn preferred. Bex 2753. Call o£3ce.
GOOD payln* restaurant on city front. Call
at DETJEN & MEXDGEL, 23 Market st.
CLASS weekly* well established In excellent
fi»-!d. with btieht prospects; good reason lor
?clljng; only S759 if sold at once. Address
T. J. T., box 003, Call office.
FAMILY grocery and delicatessen for bale on
a<_-count of sickness; living rooms. Box 2722
Call office. - - .. ¦-.
J100J— SNAP: good saloon near city; cheap
r»nt Call room 412, Examiner building.
HMALL restaurant for eale; suitable for man
end wife or two ladle*. 704 Polk St.
BAKERY and notion store, suitable for man
ar.d wife. CS1 Fourth et: no agent
FDR SALE — Bread route: $300: a good chance
for a live man. Box S737. Call.
I50CK1— OLD established, perfectly legitimate,
rtrlctly cash business In Oakland, clearing
KVi monthly; thorough Investigation; no ex-
perience necessary; reasons for selling*, busi-
ness In Honolulu; must be sold at once. Ad-
dress box 2203, Call office, Oakland.
___ • —
OI7TSIDB route on this paper for sate. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE cntslde route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
et Call Business of9ce.
GOOD paying, old -established lumber business;
- 'ncludlnr sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ttt-T stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc
H. & T. 1*. COOPER, Nevada City, Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED downtown saloon; ealry
hours: bargain; cause, tlckness; about $2000;
no agents. Box Z70C. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dairy depot; good Hv4ng rooms;
rrsall route If debired. Box K13, Call of nee. .
ITCD— GOOD-PAYING laundry route," with horse
and wa&-on. Box ZZli.' Call office.
BUSINESS CII.4ACES — Continued.
DELICACY and home cooking in the best part
of city; receipts $40 a day. California Busi-
ness Association. S65 Market 6t ' ,' , *
WELL paying saloon and liquor store must bc>
sold at once; owner retiring. No agents. Call
box 2423. '
A CHANCE to secure that fine large Btore
now building at 313 O'Farrell st, near Ma-
son. Apply 15 Grant ave.
FANCY" dry goods business ¦ for sale:, owner
retiring. 1531 Devisadero et. ; call bet. 12 and 1.
EXTRA choice corner for rent for cash grocery
store LAYMANCE. 460 Eighth bC, Oakland.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome.- Box 2433. Call.
RESTAURANT for sale; doing good business;
rent cheap. SC6 Howard st.. near First.
FOR rent— Hotel In San Miguel. Cal. WM.
VON VOSS. SIP Lyon St. ; - -
LARGE inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply Business offlce. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. "~*~
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
A— 8-ROOM flat; downtown; very sunny; must
Bell; fine bargain. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
16 ROOMS; corner: fine for transient...... $1,000
22-room house: clears {200 1,600
10 rooms on Eddy et, near Market...... 600
14 rooms on Third st., near Market 6C0
14 rooms on Mission st (50
40 rooms; rent $60: clears $150 1,000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200... 2.000
27 rooms; Just furnished; very fine....... 2,800
24 rooms on Geary et.; clears $135 1,900
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300. 6,000
I will furnish rnoney and you buy for cash.
S5-room house: clears JSOO 6.000
S3-room boarding-house; clears $600 5,000
8-room flat; sunny side ¦ 700
6-room flat; very good 325
4 vacant houses to rent.
CCO other houses. 3 to 700 rooms, price $100 to
$20. COO; abstract furnished free with every
house sold. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.,
opposite Fifth; phone Mint 796.
ATTENTION. SELLERS^
List j-our houEe, store, saloon, city or country
real estate er business place with me. I will
advertise free. I want no contract.' DECKER.
10M Market St., opp. Fifth; phone Mint 796.
A A
MARION GRIFFIN. Money to Loan
713 Market St.. by Call bids.; tel. Black 1S03.
- 10 rooms; transient; oak furniture, fine
tapestry carpets; central; rent $50 J700
14 rooms; one floor: brick: nice; sunny.. 550
21 rooms: snap; housekeeping; rent $40;
clears S-"«",: on principal street 400
13 rooms; rent $30; clears $40; leaving city;
full; wool mattresses; oak furniture... 500
14 rooms: fashionable boarding-house; in-
come $275: eunny. clean and nice 10CO
?"¦ rooms; clean; elegant; central; tran.. 1100
16 rooms; see this hnus-c before buying.. 1000
42 rooms; a fine business proposition; all
offices; clears $200 a month... 3750
18 rooms; 2 houses of $ flats, furnished
for housekeeping: One; steady roomers. 1200
£3 rooms; Hne corner: downtown: bargain. 3750
10 rooms; on Sutter. near big hotels; new
furniture: cost $1400: very fine 1000
24 rooms; 8 offices pay all of the rent.... 1600
10 rooms; fine: Leavcnworth st. ; rent $50. 650
18 rooms; money-maJvcr; steady roomers.. 900
Several city hotels; first and second class.
MRS. A. CAMERON & CO..
SCO Market st. and 8 Stockton st, rooms 21,
- 22. 23. phone Bush 323.
If you wish to buy or sell rooming-houses or
business chances call and see large list of
bargains. Partial list below. " «, •>
S3 rooms— Ellis st; rent $130; good perma-
nent and transient house; fine carpets, furni-
ture and hair mattresses; price $3500.
16 rooms— Golden Gate ccr.: rent $100: price
S1&0; apartment house; rooms light, tunny;
carpets and furniture good condition. \
9 rooms— O'Farrell; rent ?33; price $700;carpets
ar.d furniture new: good location: all rented.
24 rooms — Cor. Fifth: rent $37 BO; furniture
hard wood; pays $70 month over expenses.
16 rooms on Howard St.: rent $50; clears $40.
8'rooms on Folsom st; rent $15; price $275.
Public stenographer: Inventories and legal
papers written at reasonable rates.
EEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prlcex:
60 rooms, close in, elevator, etc.... $4500
12 rooms, new. clean, clears $;0 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
to rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 6000
II rooms, only J200 cash, balance pay-
ments 500
Vacant houses furnished ....J
We furnish the money — you pay as/ you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 85o7 Market.
SELECT your house fronr. largest list In town.
9 rooms; elegant; must sell $450
11 rooms: Golden Gate: cheap rent 450-
ro rooms; newly furnished; only J25
38 rooms; a big money-maker 900
116 rooms; a fine, modern house: easy pay-
ments. Hundreds to c!iocse from. Also board-
ing-houses. S*e our special bargain list be-
fore buying. Walter Hayes & Co., S3S Market.
FISHER~J^c6Tri032 Market St.: tel. Jessie 1599.
48 rooms; north of Market: only .$1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished 600
TO rooms: rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price,
north or south of Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels, to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers' general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
7 ROOMS, near Market: rent $25: price $250.
11 rooms; McAllister st. : rent $40; price $550.
14 rooms; Mirylon fit.: rent $50; price $550.
» rooms: Sixth et.: ter.t $25; price $400.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth si.
A — OTHER business i-ompels me to sacrifice 2
elegantly located, handsomely furn. houses;
piano and mirror; foiding beds; no agts. ; price
way down; part cash. Dr. Averlll, 38 McAUistr.
FOR Sale— Rooming-house, 13 rooms. £37 Ellis
St.; no agr-nte.
FOR sale— A 6-room furnished house; nice
home; rent $2i 161 i Bush st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Ifi twisres. in wrapper, for n-atlinff. $1 pe- year.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVICD—^The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the cue you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium in tne
world so sure of his occult power that he
will rive every pertoti who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
stamps for"cnswers. 13S2 Market St., opp. 7th.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual advice In
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve.; letters answered.
Resid. (no signs), 513 Eddv. bet. Hyde-Larkin.
THE Fosters. Sunday. 3 and.8 p. m., 305 Larkin
st,. Occidental Hall; lecture and tests at 3.
10c: materialization. slntewriWnfr. tests and
music at 8, 25c; brim? your own slates.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MME. GYEISN. trance medium; advice In all
affairs of life; sittings from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9,
at S3 Sixth St., rooms 16 and 17.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkin st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meye#; sittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c.
• CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. mTbERN ARD]
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
¦ happy or not satisfied in lire, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult, this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
• ket st, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed - by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees Sc up; satisfaction to
everybody: tips on races." 215H Sixth St.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bom with double veil— second sight;
¦ diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 60c,
gents SI; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of lire; business; love, minis jr, law-
gults. 26^ Kearny. r. S, 6;, hrs. 10 to 12, 1 to 7.
ISMAlt. tne Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
MRS. E. SANDERS, medium- and palmist:
teaches mind vibration, the greatest secret on
earth: readings dally. 1130 Market at. .
MME LAROSE. best; clairvoyant, card, reader
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st, eor 6th
YOUNG Zem£ar, clairvoyant business medium-
names given; L. SPc. G. $L 1203 Market, r. 25.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future; :5c. US Sixth st.."r.>14.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c up. 7. Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvovant. card reader;
bluings daily. 448% Jessie it. bet 6th and 6th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken :tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2lc. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
1 ad-. .;; names given: 25c up. S Fourth st.
CARPET _. BEATI XG AXP . CLEAN IWG.'
"WHEN you become disgusted: with; poor work
send to SPAULDINGtS Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 8S3-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40/
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating 'Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth st. ; I tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c."
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st'.tei: Jessie St4. y
J. E. MITCHELU Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth et.: tel. Mission 74.'
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.: 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. . GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
FREE with treatment— George's pat'd bunion
or corn shields, br. Duncan. 415 Sutter. st.
: COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency-NVchaTgTun^
less successful. Room 310. 527 Market st.
COTTAGES TO. LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms and bath; with or without
stable. 919 Capp st.
3 BROAD place, off Bush, between Hyde and
- Larkin— Sunny cottage of 6 rooms; rent $15. -
! VV"? DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC? 80iTMar^
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.,- you can
have your extractions done painlessly;- teeth
without plates our specialty; gold • crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
. nee hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
P. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prises for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; -extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free;" prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
E0c; plates, Jo; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, ' 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market,, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates" made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c; -gas given.
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
. air ;crowns; bridge wot k. Open Sundayato 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR.R.UWALSH, 813% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates$5up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRJJEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in 8. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "PalnlrjKB" ; evenings and Sun-
-days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. - .
SET of teeth without plates. DR. U. Q.
YOUNG, 1241 Polk ct. .-
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. l<j pases, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada me year for $1.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. .1019 Market St.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening: $S per month; $50 life scholarship
guarantee* a complete business education, in-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, . etc. ; positions se-
cured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. catalogue.
llEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; tfcw 80- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for t'ie university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. f
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
t Ions guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to ajl lt« graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING-rCIvll, elec7,minlng,mech.,Bur-
vey, assay, cyaftide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College; 1236, Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; bu sines- •
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: Individ,, instruction: catalogue.
FRENCH.Sriar.ish.etc.Prof.DeFUippe'sAcademy
of l^r.guagP!<,32UPust;c.stab'il )S71;ablest profs.
PROF. MERKI,' from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1C24. Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine Bt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOITJIEXT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Offlce and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. . GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush. 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
1 RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
"ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce —
Best help. £26 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK, first-class for an institution, wishes a
situation in city or country: references. See
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country. Call between 3 and 6 p. m. at 68-76
Ellis et., room 53.
EXPERIENCED millinery saleslady • desires
position- in" first-class establishment. Box
L-747. Call offlce. /
COMPETENT Swedish girl wants position do-
ing- cooking or ¦ second work; best of city
references; $25 to $30. Address box 2744, Call.'
RELIABLE girl wishes position general house-
work American or French family; references;
does not speak English. 1 611 Broderlck st.
SITUATION wanted -by experienced woman In
American family to do housework and cook-
Ing. Apply 336 Linden ave.
GERMAN woman- wants work by "the /day
washing, ironing or housecleanlng. Address
box A, 300 Hayes st.
WANTED— Skirts and wrappers to make .$1
each. 125 Sixth et. . :. ;;
WORK by day wanted v on Tues., Thurs. and
Fridays. Call 146 lit h. cor. Howard, room 11.
GERMAN girl wants a place for housework;
wages -$15. . Apply 718& Bryant st., near 5lh.'
WANTED — Situation by young lady press feed-
er; .wages $10 a week; 9 . hours . work. Ad-
dress Feeder, 222 Twelfth st., bet. Howard
and Folsom. . . . ~
MIDDLE-AGED woman Aeslres situation. to do
light housework or to take care of th* sick.
370 Precita ave.,. Twenty-seventh St., between
Folsom and Alabama. ¦ -
WORK by the day -by experienced laundress;
$100 a day, or will go . by, the month short
distance from city. Address LAUNDRESS,
713U Minna, near Eighth st. u
RESPECTABLE lady v.-ants position as house-
keeper in small family; can give best/of: ref-
erences. Call or address 1839 .Polk: St.
HANDKERCHIEF, laundry : work ' well done;
' 10c per dor. . 14% Cedar ave. -'-. ,-'v-
WANTED — A position -as Infant's nurse; can
furnish first-class references. Box 2731, Call.
A YOUNG woman wishes to assist at house-
. work. Please call at 408 Minna st . .
MADEMOISELLE MATHILDE . BOUCHARD
desires . a . position -,' as v visiting -.-? governess;
French and music; private lescons given.'. Box
27C8. Call offlce. „
~ x ~- — : • ¦" ~~~i — : — - .'
REFINED girl " of ' 14 would like to ' take care
' of child in -nice, home In'Alameda; references.
¦- Call . or. address 1311 < Railroad ave , 'Alameda.
AMERICAN girl - wishes chamber '. work s and
. mending. Address 1317 Weber St.. Alameda. 2
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket-200 rooms: 23c to $1 50 per night; $150 to
$6 Rwk; convenient and respectable; free.'bus
and. baggage to and from ¦ ferry.' "" v
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call" advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has : been established ~ at ¦ 1096
* '.Valencia' st. 'v3gSt£SXBtfB§SBIii%
MIDDLE-AGED. German ' wants situation ,: as
; porter s for,, hotel ? or private place : f or.f house
,y or garden work; fcity or country; handy with
. j.- tools ; wages $15 ¦ or , |20. ..- Box 2752. ; Call offlce.
WANTED— Situation as , waiter - or Indoor ser-
-.vant in a private hotel or private family; best
city. references; wages $15, $18. Box, 2717, Call.
YOUNG man "of good habits . wants situation ;
.good references. ; Address box 2743. Call. . ;
BOOKKEEPER: double entry; age 30: 10 years
* experience wholesale houses; first-class ref-
erences; ; employed: 5 years last position, New
York City. Box 2704.; Call offlce.
OLD German, gentleman, single, desires >¦ em-
. ployment* as caretaker,: companion.- private
secretarj'. Address, with Borne particulars,
box 2719. Call. office. .
STEADY man wishes situation as night watch-
man ; ; can •• handle 'engines or dynamo; • refer-
ences and bonds given If required. Box 2718.
Call office. . . ; ; -; v
GOOD all-round machinist would like position
- taking care: of machinery or similar work;
' strictly sober and reliable: no objection to
leaving city. > Address box 2732. Call. '
SITUATION by a first-class gardener; Swiss;
single: best references given; private place
¦' preferred. . Gardener. •> 533 Broadway. ¦
MAN- ot 36. j 12 years' experience general mer-
chandise, would like worlaof any kind; can
keep books. D. E., box 2f9. Call offlce. ,
WANTED— By i a young ; man. work of any
kind: city or country: wages $10 a month and
board. ¦ Box 2730. Call office.- /, ¦
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on ! city or country place as coach-
man, ¦ gardener and general utility - man ; can
milk and understands his business thoroughly;
references. H. H.. box 2707. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200Fillmora it.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•ubscrlptlona has been established at 103*
• Valencia st. ..-¦¦¦- -..---.
' '_"_- FINAXCIAL. -'.;.-¦-'¦
WANTED— $30,000 by a reliable merchant; fully
secured; will pay liberal interest; good chance
for capitalists. Address L., box 2721. Call.
¦y PLATS TO LET."
FURNISHED corner flat of 8 rooms. 654
Church St.. near Eighteenth.
NEW. upper flat, 6 room3 and bath. Northwest
corner .Turk and Pierce sts.: ¦ $23. .. ¦ .
NEW building of 3 Hats on Church at., near
Mission High School.
SUNNY bay-window flat of 3 rooms; rent $12 60.
1361 Sacramento st. ¦ '
UPPER flaf of 6 rooms; $16. 13 John St., off
Powell and Jackson.
$16— SUNNY upper bar-window flat. ; 5 rooms,.
bath; alt mod. 1130 Florida st.. bet. 23d, 24th.
FLATS, TO ,LK1'— - FtlK.MSUSU
NICELY furnished lower flat for rent, I rooms,
bath. Box 2741. Call offlce.
FLATS WASTED. .
FLAT of 6 rooms; family of S adults; must be
sunny. Box 2746. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In cak. SIS 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR Sale — Cheap; 3 furnished rooms and kitch-
en. 111ft Leayenworth st.
FOR sale cheap— A flat cf 6 rooms and bath;
rent $25. 417 Jones st.
FOR sale — 8-room furniture cheap. 649 Sacra-
mento st. ..-,».
$11— UPPER flat,* S large sunny rooms; base-
ment. 123 San Jose ave.. bet. 23d and 24th.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkin ; tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. .A.'
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
£245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E.Cody. 7S7 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
CHAS. LEVY buys ycur furniture, carpets.*
piano?, etc. 1135 Market St. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
nBLl* WAKTKIl K1SMALE. ~~
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Hotel cook, country, see party here' this
forenoon $35
Waitress Menlo Park ..; "..$20
"Waitress........ south : ."...$25
, Waitress..: Vallejo ......$20
Waitress.. Institution $2S
Chm. to wait.-.Coluca $20
Waitress Nevada Co.. see party bere.$20
10 waitresses... city .$20
Nurse .......Institution ..$:'O
Lunch waltress.no Sunday work ..50c
Chm. to wait. ..Summer resort .'. $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook and second • girl, $55, acrcss the bay
(see party here this a. m.); German or. Swed-
ish chambermaid and laundress, country, $25;
cooks, house girls, second girls.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary St.
"MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. ..Phone Main 1575"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
5 waitresses, first-class city hotels, $20; 7
waitresses, country, $20; 4 chambermaids, to
wait, city and country,' $20; chambermaid,
country. $20, fare paid; woman cook, restau-
rant, $10 week: cook, nmall coffee parlor, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. >
House clrl, small family, - $25. Very choice
place; house girl, Alameda. $30\ see, lady
here; and many places, city and country, at
best wages. MRS. M. E. DAY/fc CO.. 335
Giary st. • ./
EXPERIENCED hairdresser and manicure; $7
. week. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
WANTED— Protestant parlor maid and wait-
ress. $25: Protestant chambermaid and seam-
stress. $20; 4 second girls. 20 and $25; cham-
bermaid and laundress, $25; two waitresses
for country hotel, same place,- $20; two wait-
resses for hotel, $25, same place; 2 chamber-
maids and waitress. $20 and $25: waitress for
resort, $23; 3 restaurant waitresses, $6 and $7
a week; 4 waitresses and chambermaids,
family boarders, ¦ $20. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Girl cook; family of 3; some house-
work; wages $30. -Apply at office of Hotel
Pleasanton between hours of 10:30 and !2 m.
Saturday.
OPERATORS on ¦hlrts and overalls: Inexperi-
enced Instructed. HEYNEMANN & CO., 410
Mission st.
IMMEDIATELY— 2 lady solicitors; fair salary;
must be of good address; for Saturday Even-
Ing Post. ED Columbian building.
A YOUNG girl as second girl; must
arslst the: cook with washing; wages $20.
245 Chestnut st. • ,.¦¦¦- . -
GIRL to do general housework; wages $15; no
washing. Call at - 1E21 Masonic , ave., above
Frederick st.
EXPERIENCED typewriter .wanted.. B. N.
WOOD & CO.
EXAMINERS wanted on shirts. Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
PANTS finishers wanted at 253>4 Stevenson St.,
between Third and Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted. 204 Sixth st.
TWO jrlrls who understand printing and de-
veloping velox paper. Box 2750, Call. .
I GIRL for light housework; small family/ Ap-
ply 1816 Laguna st. ¦ . ¦ - - . - \
NEAT, kind girl as caretaker for child. Apply
AIRS. COOK, 123 Seventh st.; 12 to 1 only.
EXPERIENCED nurseglrl. Apply between 10
and 11 a, m. at 1453 Franklin st.
YOUNG girl for cooking and housework; wages
-: $25. 3008 Clay St., near Broderlck.
•GIRL for housework. 1403 Gough St.; good
-.- ¦ wages."'. -.--.-.• .•--"¦.--• '¦ ¦
WANTED— Young girl for . light housework;
;2135^Unlon st. ' -
WANTED— A : girl for general housework and
-*- ccoklng. ¦• Apply , forenoon ¦¦ at 252S Pine st.
TWO compositors weekly, paper. ; "Paragraph,"
1313H Polk st.. near Sacramento.
ABO wT 100 more operators, also riveters, want-
ed at LEVJSTRAUSS & CO.'S overall fac-
" s tory, : 32V4 Fremont ; st. ; ¦ no experience 1 neces-
sary; good wages. Apply, to MR. DAVIS. ¦
WANTED— Girl for general . housework ; : must
: understand plain : cooking; : Scandinavian ¦ or
American; -wages $15. -251. Scott st.
WANTED— A girl for. general housework,
A', small i family ; no children.'. 2379 Sutter.'et. ¦; .'..
EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted. 121 Post
St., room 14. ...... .. . .. .¦.'-¦¦,
PANTS finishers i want«d by S. N.': WOOD | &
CO.' 'Apply at factory, 27 Geary st. ,•
COMPETENT woman for , light housework and
assist Withbaby; German pretd.'.7C9 Chestnut.
WANTED— First-class : waist trimmer. COX,
:; 336 O'Farrell «t.:. - --. -; 7-
GIRL or woman .for; light: housework; $10. 264
: :, San : Carlos ave,,* near. Twentieth." , -. .
APPRENTICE to learn hairdresalng. 240 Stock-
¦-•: ton . st.'^^i^XSUfBXSKBSUtBlk^^llilSUtA
DRESSMAKERS; '¦ first-class Ekirtmaker. 516
'ri Sutter st. ;->..--.. ; : ¦-¦ - ...-.-- - • .-• ,- -
,W A NTED— Two ;' finishers : on pants; steady
; ... woTk.y S6 Geary, st.;' room i S3/; -;¦'..; ;; ,
WANTED-^-Table' hands and npprentices; apply
103 Mission sU G. : M. KUTZ Shoe Factory. ;-
„ ! HELP WAXTED—FEMALE- — Con.]
men'orwomen ..:.:. ......... ..v.. ..:.:....."
.........;.. Paid 'Big Commissions!.. ..........
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
' PAyY » n SPW st. '¦-,¦¦'¦ , !'-¦ ;[
.WANTED-^-First-class - .- millinery saleslady;
state experience, references and salary ex-
pected. Apply box 2727, Call offlce. -:.;¦
WANTED— Operators on women's wrappers;
. steady work; good pay. MARKS BROS..
.1212, Market st. . . .'
WANTED — Elderly . German woman far house-
work;, no washing;- sleep home; wages $25 a
month.- 782 Fulton st. - -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofttce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established a; lB'.'fl
Valencia st. - , \ »
v If ELI* WASTED MALE." I
. i . : : iinr M * ¦' : . . . ; ¦ _•_..' ~ '..'.: . . .\
AT C. R. HANSEN~& CO.... 104 Geary «t.
RAILROAD DEPARTMENT. . A »
For Nevada...; .:...fof Nevada
300 teamsters..... Ship dally
For the Big Tunnel Chatsworth Park
Drillers.. J2 to $2 56
For Cal. & N. W. R. R.. ...Ukiah
Teamsters and laborers $2 a day
Free fare *$mn*m»uiSkmWuiJsa>vi t f Free fare
MISCELLANEOUS. ~
20 laborers for tunnel, $2 a day. for Bakers-
field and fare advanced ; milkers, farmers
and woodchoppers , at going wages; ,neat
* Scandinavian or German young man to milk
j a cow and . care of : chickens, - $25 and found:
blacksmith, country, shop, J55 and found;' 3
blacksmiths," ranches, $40 to $45 and found.
Neat young man' to label bottles for springs.
must have experlenoe. $25 and found and free
frur i*Tim"WlTi*J>jJ>iHUmifci*|i>Mai»
Young man to learn dairy business, $25.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT."
French chef, summer resort, $100; first-class
barkeeper, charge of clubhouse, summer re-
sort,' $50 and found; head waiter for springs,
who can make salads, $35; fry cook, broilers,
second, cooks, third cooks, vegetable cook for
/hotels, also restaurants, $35 to $60; short orde •
cooks, $8,, $10,. $12 a week; pot washers, dlsh-
¦ washers, vegetablemen, kitchen hands, hotels
. and restaurants, $30, $25 and $20; baker, couu-
: try hotel.. $65;- oyster opener, hotel, $40;
oyster opener,* restaurant. $15; machine Ironer,
country ¦ hotel, $40 and found; starch ironer.
,$S5.and;$40; washer. $1 50 a, day. Hand
laundry crew, for a spring hotel. ISO; 10
Eastern. waiters for first class city and coun-
try hotels. $35. $30 and $25; bell and elevator
boys, city and country, $10 to $25. •
. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st,
-A— SAWMILLS AND WOODS HELP. . .
SPECIAL ;.-.- ..LABORERS
20 laborers, no experience necessary,- to work
around mills, yards and woods
.LARGE LUMBER CO.. $30 and found. Bteady
Job ...-.....,.- ..-;.*...-. .Also
2a men to. build roads in the woods ...$45
"' VL W( *>dsmen.. .V.. "j...... ./..; .Swampers, etc.
IF YOU WANT. WORK IN. THE MILLS
AND WOODS this Is a first-class Job..
Come, and see. ..'.....;.
MURRAY & READY.. 634-636 Clay St.
A— MILLWRIGHT and carpenter, gold mining
company.......... $90 and found, see boss here
Millwright, sawmill company $3 to $3 50
day. see boss here
Locomotive engineer and machinist, see boss
here
MURRAY & READY......... ..634-636 Clay st!
A— MURRAY & READY....,?. Phone Main 684S
• Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
..WANT 7 A. M. .TO-DAY
....FOR AN ORCHARD AND LAND CO....
10 handy men or boys to dig: small ditches
and make themselves generally useful; all
summer's Job; later on work in fruit and
packing-houses; $20 and found; anybody will
suit this Job *
Harness-maker, country shop $2 50 day
Woodworker, country shop, see boss ' here:
working farmer, ranch, see boss here;" 50
- farm and orchard hands, teamsters. $28 and
$30; 10 laborers, city work. ........... $1 75 day;
7 blacksmiths, shops and ranches, $3 50 day.
$40 and found ....". ;
EVERYBODY WANTING "WORK call down
and. read our daily bulletin boards. HUN-
DREDS OF POSITIONS v *
.........;..... WORK FOR ALL
MURRAY & READY..... 634-636 Clay st.
8 BUTLERS. $35 and $40 and found; hotel
cook, country. $40 and* found; boarding-house
cook, ccuntry, $50 and found; restaurant cook,
ti week; night cook, $9 week; waiters, dish-
washers and others.' J. F. CROSETT & CO..
623 Sacramento st. ¦ ¦
MILKERS for Inyo, Mendocino. Humboldt. So-
noma, Santa Barbara and Solano counties,
$30 and $35; butter-maker. Humboldt County.
$40; assistant dairyman. $30 and found; chore-
man for ranch; stableman, private family,
. $25; laborers for city, $1 75 day. and others.
J. F. CROSETT fc CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— 13 good laboring men for railroad
work outside of the State; wages $1 75 a day
and free fare; we want good men- to go to-
day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento.
A— WANTED— ' .:----,
Gardener and • care ' horses, private * place,
country, $30 and found, fare refunded ;: Swiss
milker, city, $35; farmer and team. $26: farm-
er and wife. $35: meat cook for mining- board-
ing-house. $50 to $60; helper for bakery, near
city. $20 and found: carriage blacksmith, city.
$3 DO to $4 day; butter maker, small dairy.
- near city,' $30: ranch teamster. $25: shop
butcher, near city. W. D. EWER &. CO., 610
Clay Bt.
AT Cal. Kmp. Agency, S3 "<i St.; phone Red 31.
2 first-class machinists.
G laborers p nd machinist?. $1 75 per day.
4 hammersmen. $2 per day.
10 laborers, new Job, $1 75 to $2 per day.
5 pick and shovel men. $1 75 per day.
2 waiters. $35 per month.
1 coppersmith.
Gang of mill and woodK men; tlemakers;
- ,, woodchoppers: men to m»ke posts and plck-
fets; 6 men for farm. £9 Third st. I
TO THE EMPLOYING PUBLIC—
Want employment— men or women?
Want to employ help — servant, nurse, govern-
ess, gardener, coachman, housemaid, maid-of-
all-work; housekeeper; manager on ranch: la-
borer, help of any kind. The only reliable
employment agency. CLARK & WARD.
1073ft 'Market St.. San Francisco (Pacific
'Coast Employment Agency); Eighth .and
Broadway, Oakland; orders by mall solicited.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rni.12—
, Head waiter, $40; waiters, $25 and $30, coun-
try; doorboy. . $15; -pastry cook, $40. ¦
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk: tel. Folsom 1SS3. I. LESS, Secretary.
A MAN of- large, influential acquaintance can
, secure • good > outside salaried position with
leading fire and marine insurance ofnce.-Box
2754. Call -offlce. . - - - ""
ONE bench-hand, ' cabinet makers, wood carv-
ers; non-union; no efflce fees. Mechanics'
Registration Bureau,, 410 Kearny st.
MARKERS and distributers for laundry: wages
$2 50 to $5 pe"r day of ten hours; references
required.: Box 2748, Call office.
LASTERS; hand and Chase machine:* kip
work. Apply at D. R. WENTWORTH'S,
West Berkeley.
BARBER for Saturday. 89 Third «t.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages.
103 Fourth st. ¦'
BARBER, for Saturday and Sunday at 1406ft
.Dupont st.
BARBER wanted. 105 Second st. \."7
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 164S Mis-
sion Et. ,
WANTED— Barber for Saturday at 1211 Market
st. ; wages $3 25. '
GOOD barber wanted Saturday;- good wages.
¦322 Fourth st. , ,
TAILOR. ROS3 BROS.. 25-37 Kearny street.
GOOD coatmaker wanted at 113 Montgomery
ave. : call «arl>v
WAITER wanted. Apply 808-610 Sixth street.
STRONG boy wanted as helper. 423 Sacra-
mento «t. •' ¦ • .-..-'.:•
BOY for doctor 1 a offlce. Box 2739. Call offlce.
PLASTER caster wanted. ¦ 118 Diamond street.
INTELLIGENT strons . boy wanted. 116 Dia-
; mond street.'
WANTED— Young man to watt at table; wages
-. $20. 135 Powell st. V
A YOUNG man helper around a lunch house.
:-.- Apply '629 Davis st.
WANTED— A bootblack at 1531 Polk st.
WANTED— Extra dishwasher. 435 Ellis st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter ; at s S07 - Kearny" st.
* Call;aU7 a;.m. -, .¦„. .;. ' •-:-¦• ;-.-
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 605 Montgomery
>Et.;^Russ Cafe. . ;
STEADY ' man .with $150 cash ¦ can make $73
"month .year; around.'. "209. Kearny, st., room 1.
DISHWASHER -wanted. Market Cafe Parlor.
,* 203;O'FarreHi8t. . ' : -.. .-¦-. -. :
3 GOOD tailors-wanted. "Apply S. N. WOOD &
' CO.. .713 Market st. - ; ..¦.---'¦
.TAILORS; wanted, by ¦ S. N. .WOOD & CO.;
' > good * wages. Apply ; at- factory,- 27 ¦ Geary ¦ st.
PANTSMAKERS wanted . at JOE POHEIM'S,
r . . 1110 and: 1112 ; Market < st.' .-. ¦¦...-, ;.y: - -,
2 CABINETMAKERS wanted at 179 Thirteenth
: ; street. '- - '.- ¦ ¦¦¦,¦¦¦¦-.--¦¦:• . ¦-
ALL' sizes men's shoes. . slightly damaged, half
¦ t price.;: C62 , Mission st.ir; bet.?: 1st < and : 2d sts. . •
YOUNG men to go; north on a' cruise at HER-
¦ :MAN'S.;:6;;Steuart'8t. ; . - .. .
COATMAKER > for ,'¦ country. ' Apply - REISS
BROS.. ' 24 i Sutter [ at. - 1
HELP WAXTED — MALE— -Con.
ME2J — Our ¦ catalogue '¦ explains ' how we " teach
• the trade in . two ' months, savins two years:
mailed'- free. "We have no 5c shop in connec-
• tlon with our < college; chairs and furniture
are all 'made to our own order, with a view
• to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 63o Clay St.
Beware of any cheap Imitations. . '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver Houso. 217 Third, st.: ISO large
rooms; 25c per night ;*1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— First-class window, trimmer In dry
goods Etore; state experience, age. reference
and salary expected. Cox 273. Call office.
TEN coopers wanted Immediately at the Cali-
fornia Barrel Factory. Twenty-second and
Illinois sts., Potrero. city.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. . 741 A Howard St.:
no barroom chairs used In this college.
"WANTED— A tailor to work on coats; come
ready to work. 135 Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED knife cutter on ladles* wrap-
.pers. JUDA BROS.. 109 Battery St.
MAN acquainted shipping, nautical;. 6 Market
etreet. » .__
GOOD paying, two-chair barber shop; cheap;
rent. Jg. DECKELMAN BROS.. 1C6 Ellis St.
2-CHA1R barber shop for sale; rent J8. 403
Pacittc st. . : "
MANAGERS everywhere: either sex; CO week-
ly. : N. Y. C. C. 120« Market St.. of lice 6.
GET your shoes 'half -soled while waiting; 23c ,
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bel 1st and 2d sts.
"Wanted—; lst-class instrument finishers. Kel-
ler Balance Mfg. Co.. Salt Lake Ciyr. Utah.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes, for sale, &0c up. . 241 Third «t.
MAN who mderstands nursery work and Job-
blng gardening. 500 Haight st. •
WANTED- 10^ men to take rooms. 10c, 13c and
20c. Boston \House. 930 Howard st.
WANTED— Eslerlenced ladles' tailor: perma-
nent: good paV. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
SAILORS, blaclsmlths. seamen A green hands:
all parts of wfod. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st.
BARBERS all liklted to call and see the latest
improved revolting chair, called the "Atito-
back"; lfs a fbrker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. 723 Market St.. first floor up.
PENSIONS— J. H.Vhepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market! room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER HoLe. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
' ket— «0O rooms, KcVnlght: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage \p and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertAements and subscriptions
received at Call braik-h offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for\Call advertisements and
subscriptions has bien established at lto-i
.Valencia st. \
HORSES -^-^ _ AVAGOXS -
FOR sale— A handsome Mark stallion. 6 years
old, 17 hands high, we>£hs 1600 lbs.; Is sound
and of good disposition will be sold reason-
able. Address JOHN SHIELDS. Marshall.
Marln Co. \
BUSINESS cart for butcher for delivery; also
business horse, stand without hitching; lady
can drive. 1S21 Market st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies*,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
VICTORIA. • slx-seater, wagonette, phaeton :
good condition; best makers: also basement
with 40 stalls to let. 24 Golden Gate ave.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A — 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1M3 Folsom.
GLOBE "Horse Market— Horses for sale; also
matched teams. 38 Twelfth St.
GOOD business . horses, -wagon horses, heavy,
' light, fast paders and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; fend for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
.BUSH, 202S, near Webster— Sunny residence, 9
rooms, bath, -yard and basement.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath. 124 Cedar ave.,
m ott Van Ness, between Geary and Post.
BUSH. 1220— Sunny hous* of S rooms and bath;
yard: $J7 50: water free.
HOUSES TO LET — FUK.MSHBD.
DESIRABLE eunny corner flat. 3 rooms and
bath; Oakland; J1S. Apply at H Grant ave.,
room 2. 1
A — 30-ROOMED furnished house for sale or to
let; newly furnished. 1006 Pine st.
MODERN house elegantly, furnished: 7 rooms.
bath. Call 1711 'Webster st.-. Iff to 12. >
1.OST AXD FOKVD. ~~ 7 ~~.
LOST— Horse and buggy; dark bay mare and
curl-spring business buggy. Please notify
PETERSON & PERSSON. 349 Alvarado st..
or at new building corner Sutter and Powell
sts.: reward.
LOST— Neighborhood of Larkin and Ellis
streets, purse contalnlns rroney and keys;
liberal reward. Return to 905 Ellis st.
LOST— Prlcked-ear skye terrier; suitable re-
ward. Return L. HARRIS. California Mar-
ket.
LOST — Monday last, purse Inscribed Marie,
containing $5 20. Return to 1313 Vallejo st. ;
reward.
THURS.. coming from Mill Valley, alligator
grip, containing purse & chain; reward. H.
H. Wainwrlgrht. Wells, Fargo & Co.'a express.
LOST— Old style set garnet brooch Monday
evening. 3102 Clay st. ; reward.
RING lost Tuesday in San Francisco; marker!
¦ Inside S. T. to J. J.. Nov. 6, 1S73; reward.
123 East St., S. F.. corner Merchant, or 1133
Peralta st.. Oakland.
HORSE lost Tuesday. March 19. 1S01; bay. wt
1250. 8-year-old; white face, a circle or "W"
on left hip. Return to 2*41 Dana st.. Berke-
ley: any information will be kindly received.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. ?4S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMOMAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthv ladles
send 10c for lint. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Kills st.
MATTKESSES AXD UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery: Xih South 792:
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed : expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
liable. HOPKE BROS- 313-310 Eleventh st. .
MEDICAL. ~^
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by. our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office: r-atlents treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment; harmless; consultation free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market-Private horn*
for patients before aDd during confinement;
well known;- Implicit confidence; reliable.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market St.,
bet. Taylor and Masor: ladies' specialist.
DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. bet!
Mason and Taylor, reliable ladies' specialists.
ALL female complaints relieved at once; ex-
perlence of 37 yrs. Dr. V. Popper. 323 Kearny.
I 3IIXBS AND SU.MKC.
MINES, patents, oil stocks, real estate bought
and sold; Eastern and 'foreign capltal'wanted:
ores, maps, mill tests shown at office. Parrott
bldg., fourth floor. 47^ and 476. 10 a. m. to 4
p. m. JOHN TILTON. M.' E.
MISCELLANEOUS— KOIl SALE.
BOILERS, engines. M-hand machinery ' Mc-
INTOSII & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; -we always
have a large stock of saloon out tits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready mau*'
we can ship everything in 24 hours. j.
.NOONAN. 1017. 1013.. 1C21. 1023 Mission at..
above Sixth; write, for catalogue.
ASK for the 3-s tone diamond and opal ring*
price $60; cost S100. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
J Grant ave. ;
A— BUYS, sells or r*nti gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 116 Spear St.- .*•>*
PLEASURE launch, 20 II.- P.. *s feet Ions?-
cheap to cash buyer. MORSE & SHADE
Vallejo', Cal. :•
THE STANLEY Aerial Navigation Company.
A limited number of • shares, for- sale at a
sacrifice. Box - 2649. Call , offlce.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains
TYPKWRITERv EXCHANGE. HOP California.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. .Apply j at 218 California gt.
GAS j engine, . dynamo, storage batteries, etc .
\ cheap. . H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission St. '
FOR SALE— Cheap, » furniture, horse ajid
wagons. Inquire at 223) Folsom st.
2 FRESH Durham ' cows. ' with young calves*
: - good milkers; gentle. S3 gbotwell st., cor. 15th.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
3 3« DOUBLE-END enamel roulette spreads,
cheap. 422 Shot well at.; call. 7 to 9 p. m.
A LOT of government tents;. 30 bath tubs;
cheap asS Mission st. i
EN'GIN'ES and boiler*: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 12> Beale st: _¦
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & M-hand;
' all sizes: guaranteed. XEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
TYPEWRITERS. Sd-ha.-vl. . all makes, at low
figurea. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg-y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ani
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, scld. exchanged. 109 Montgomery «t.
SAFES— Xew and secoi rl hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFK CO.. 417-<23 Sacramento st.
JIAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & IsRECK, 131 Post »t-
SA FES— New and second hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE; lltt-111 Market St.. San Fran.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents^ — The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for maillne. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WA5TS.
A— WANTED— Good, gectle buggy horse; 5 to
7 years old; weight about IOOO lbs: quick ac-
tion; W to $60. A. 31. SPECK & CO.. 697
Market st.
PHYSICIAN'S gynecological chair or operating
table; state lowest cash price. Box 2705. Call.
TILTON*S mlsMt parlors wants masquerade, la-
dles', gents' clothing. 134. 9th; tel. Folsom 25:2.
JIOAEV TO JLQAA.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people caa
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship: d» business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay: no
publicity. Rooms 9 snd 10. 90o Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
- €30 Market st. Loan* on estates in probate,
undivided Interests lu estates, second mort-
gages, etc".
ANT proposition, any amount: • per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle buUdtss. HALLORAN & OLSE.V.
ANY amounttat ti, : first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no <i»-
lay; get my terms before doing business els?-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S-16 Market
St.; tel. Main 1MJ. Branch 13 Third st.
$C00.C0O AT 6 per cent In sums to suit la city:
$15O,0CO on large ranches -t fair rates: ¦».»/., n I
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commissions confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg/C 301 Jones.
MOST reliable plsc* to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. MV. J. HESTTIAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for. old ;old. silver, diamonds.
Oif furniture, pianos: no removal: money*
quick; lowest Interest: easy terma; no broker-
age; reliable party. It.o Market St.. room 6s.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. <31 California.
ZTo on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. * Eddy st.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtara: city, ccuntry, 6%, undi-
vlded lnts. ; estates. HARPER. 237 Parrott b!g.
CASH loaned on salaries*; Xew York plan. THB
TOCSLBY CO.. 321 Parrott building:
J1OO.CC0 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. ZZ2 Sanaome- St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorscr. MORKELL, tC9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. IC Phelan big.
MUSICAL l.\STRU31EJSTS.
ABSOLUTELY regardless of cost: closing out
our Northwest agencies; following are somt
of the planoa sacrificed:
1 Xovella, up S63:i Schiller $2K?
1 Estey $.!.-> I Sommer $133
. 1 Emerson, up ...$"• 1 Gabler $135
1 Vose JS'.ll Waverly $UT2
1 Knab* Jiv. 1 Marshall Wendel.tl«»
2 Stelnways ..iiSZ up 1 Fisher, up $1V»
2 Heines $315 up \ Mason & Hamlin.$33O
6 Chickerlngs.,4110 up 1 Schuman up |IO>
1 Hallet & Davis. JK", 1 Hazelton square.. $<5
2 Behr Bros*.$215. $S^ 1 Miller $IL'>
S Schaeffers $195 1 Kelso t\"~,
1 r.ew Mason & Hamlin chapel organ, origi-
nal price $120. now $19.-,
And 50 others^ rented and rent allowed IJ
purchased: rents $3 up; we- handle all makes:
agents for som* of the oldest and most fa-
mous pianos in existence: agents wanted.
HEINE PIAN'O CjX. 217 Geary st.
'ANT trciaon TufrlnT tmr~tnr-K'"i>t&int vu.u tm Hf-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'a with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
cf their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlnv*
¦within three years from date of purchase
Beautiful new upright* sold for $5 cash and
. $6 per month. We offer to sell son* so(*l
pianos at $3. $4 and $0 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou«<»
west of Chicago is KOHLER Ss CH -VSEIS 2S
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs ani
all other musical Instruments of all grades*
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thtng possible dene to please and satisfy the.
customer.
BABY GRANDS at ft bargain.
Decker & Son and Packard, slightly us«<f.
Such an opportunity ia seldom offered. Ca!l
soon to pet the benefit of it. THE ZEXO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7S9 Market st.
WARRANTED— All planes sold by us are guar-
anteejl; prices low, 6 makers to chnose from:
some extra valuer in second-hand uprleht •
and squares. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
A FEW new planns for $1^0: second-
hand from $C0. BENJ. CURTA^ & SON.
16 O*Farrell st. Chickering and Vose Agency.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market st.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song— $.J
per month— <Urt cheap.
LEAVING city, .must sacrifice handsome up-
right piano, used 6 months. 3-4 Golden Gat*.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. |133 up: rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 220« Flllmore st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: St?inwayv
Knabe and others. BRUENN. CDS Post st.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. S01 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: St«;k. Hardman Con-
over and others. AVllpy B. Allen- Co.. Sit Post.
BARGAIN— Must be solJ; nice nnright pian->
BCHMITZ. IS McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 1\6 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Bvron
Mauja\ Gabler and 5p<>Ilman pianos. 3C5 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant ur>-
rights at your own price. Shoninyer agency.
StTPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 3 Latham plae«.
" «**w.^ ,^ .^^
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
DESIC room, with us* of private room arnt
, some office fixtures cheap. 906 Market St.. r. 8. •
OIL. "~
PROMOTER wanted to finish organisation o£
oil company; 3-5tha required now subscribed
by experienced oil men; SO acr?s' proven Kern,
land: big producers adjoining. Box 2733, Call.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LA.NDS FOR SALE.
TWENTY OR FORTY ACRE3
Kern River District.
- Oil on all four adjoining forties. Land ra thi»
section is held at $3!W& an acre. A quick cash
btryer can obtain a treat bargain by applying
to ' " J. 3. EWEN.
123 California St.. room 497.
, DON'T speculate— I have oil lands In proven
districts for sale or lease at lowest prices;
will incorporate your company anfl co-operate
with y&u. Before' Inventing call on or address
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ. attorney-at-law. room
210. Parrott bunding. San Francisco. •
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
¦ up. Jensen & Bath. 30S Sixth; open evenings.
ROOMS papered from f$ up; city or country.
Hartman Faint Co.. 319. 3d st. : tel. Red 3531.
PALMISTRY.
hTjEROME FOSSELLl] scientific "paimiit^ SIS
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black Ml.
PATENTS A.VD PEASIOXS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPRKLL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
J-UYMUAXS A.VD SURGEONS.
?£»£• S- O'DOx'^ELLloffice and residence J
1021H Market St.- between Sixth and SeTent7!j
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases. of the human body- se«
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr tin.Continued From Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
City and County of San Francisco to Clar
ence C Burr, Lucy B. Holmas, Mary N. Al
lyne (wife of John.W.) and Edward C. Burr,
lot on NE corner of Union and Gough streets
E 131:8U by N 137:6: also lot on NW corner (A
Union and -Franklin streets. N 275 by W
105:0%; ) .
Same to Hannah Tucker, lot on S line ot
Hayes street, 1W.6 E of Octavla. E 23 by S
120: S . >.¦:¦;:
Kate F. McColgan to Adaline McColgan, lot
on SE corner of Ellis street and Farren ave
nue, E 30 by S 75; gift. ¦
J James Papina to Eugenia H. Peabody (w|f«
of E. \\\), lot on E line of First avenue, 152:8.7
N Clay, N 25:1.41, B 108:9.3. S 25. W 110:«.S;
*1500. '
K. -W. Peabody to Eugenia H. Peabody,
same; gift.
Emma F. Lint (wife of C. C), Frederlcke
Krueger (wlfo of George F.) and Charles A.
Rtese to Clayton B. Wilson, lot on \\" line of
Howard street. 44:11*4 8 of Nineteenth, S 21:0<i
by \V 75:6; $2500. :
Estate of Paul E. Rlese (minor) (by Emma
F. Lint, guardian) to same, all Interest in
same; $766.
Clayton B. Wilson to Augusta F. RIese
(wife of Charles A.), same; $10. —;¦¦.
George Brown to Clara S. Brown, lot on N
line of Twenty-first ' street. 217 :6 W of Guer
rero, W 23 by N 114; gift.
John 'II. O'Brien (bankrupt) (by William G.
Cue. : assignee) * to John B. Lewis, ¦¦ all Interest
In lot on S line of Eighteenth street. 14:10 E
of Fair Oaks. E 27 by S 101; $
Mary McCarthy to Timothy J. Nytaan lot on
SW corner of Vlcksburg and Jersey streets, S
34 by W. -7S;= $1500. ' : >----•_...
Theresa McA.- Ingersoll (wife of CM.) to
M. H. McAllister, undivided SO. 432 of lot on
NW corner of Clay and Drumm streets, -n 91:8
by W 137:6; $4000.
Enrico and Alblna Bottlnl to Francesco
Grasso, lot on S line of Russell street, 180 W
Of Hyde, W 20 by S 60; $1500. ¦.-...•'
Joseph II. P. : and Marlon • P. Howard. Ste
phen D. and. Agnes II. Ha-ne to , A. Aronson,
lot on SW line of Third Btreet.' 85 NW of Mis
sion. NW 30 by SW 107:10: $34,500.
Harvey ' C. ' and Eliza F. Somws to Frank
A.' Somers, . undivided y t of lot" on NE line of
Sixth street, 122 NW'of Brannan, NW 60 by
NE'120; $2000.
E^lward V. and Ell*. M. Hull to Lewis and
Nathan Dusenbeo*. lot on SK line of Market
street. 50:0% NE of Seventh,: NE 60:0% by SB
J65; $m,5'0O. . •
- Delia, Terence and Mathew O'Brien;anrt
Eliza Coleson to 'Adam .George, lot\ on NE
corner of Humboldt and '.Vermont streets, E
25 by N 100; $1DCO. . ;' -
Felix Marcuse to San Francisco Land Com
pany-fa corpoiatlon), agreement made by Fe
lix Marcuse with , AVllllam Rltter •. to - sell for
$8850 lot ; on W - line of ¦ Sixth ¦ avenue, 1SS:S N
of California avenue. N S3 by W 120 (re-record
Of 43, COV. , 395) ; $10. ¦;,;.-
Henry S. and Lydla A. Ackley to Jacob
Heyman,;iot on E line of Ninth avenue, 108 N
of Clement street. N- 56 by E 120; $1500.
•~A." C. ¦- Freeman to Gertrude H. ..wesson, lots
t . to = 9. -block 1, Paul Reservation Homestead,
quitclaim -deed;' $1. ' . ¦ ¦ . .
MaryC.; and Michael J. Fottrell to .Patrick
Broderick, ' lot on ¦ 8 • corner of San Jose : and
Onelda avenues. . SE 157. SW' 160.^ NW to San
Jose avenue. : NE to, beginning; $6000.
• ,\ Alameda County. , . \/
• Joseph H. and Agnes iSImnsoh to WIHlam
Corbln. lot on N- line of Thirty-sixth street. 62S
. W of Telegraph ! avenue, W C0:9 by ¦ N ' 150, por
tion plat i 11, ¦ Rancho V. • and - D. ; Peralta, - Oak
land; $10.
Andrew . J." Hare to , Charles A. ¦ Hare, lot 7,
block ;R.i map of Paradise Park. Oakland: $10.
Frederick. R.^ and Anna M. NIedt to A; C. C*
Krueger. all Interest :. In < following: .. Lot - on ' 8
line'of Hnlletf avenue. 90 \V. of Maole • street,
S 155 by E 90. lot '64, block 5, ¦ Maxwell ; Tract,
town of- Emeryville. : Oakland Townshio: also
the i E half of lot ; 65, block 5, same, Oakland
Township; . ;iCO0.;r^«l««'JRiMI»«jA«eMM«b.-; , .
• Cara E.» Curtis to Lilian' M.. Haven, all In
tereft in ¦ lot on N line of Durant avenue. 4">o
W of College ¦ avenue, E 40, • N ; 130.15, ;W, 40, 8
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRESNO, March 29.— Fresnoans Inter
ested in the Raisin City OH Company in
the Sunset district in Kern County are
jubilant over a valuable water strike made
in boring for oil. It is the only water fit
for drinking In the district.- A test >A
twenty-four hours with a four-inch pump
has not lowered the -level of the water.
Water has had to be hauled seventeen
miles and was sold for $1 50 a barrel, so
a good well of water ;s as valuable as an
oil well.
First Well of Pure "Adam's Ale" Is
Struck in, the Sunset
WATER SUPPLY PROVES
I ¦:".:; as vai/ctab:le as on,
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one - second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. B. - Llpplncott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey;
FIX)W OF WVEES.
. FOR FRIDAY. March 29— 4 cm.
Bid^Ask^ Bid. Ask.
Alpha.. :.-.. 05 • C7 Justice 03 05
Alta i>6 03Kentuck 01 02
Andes;..'........' 07, 08, Lady Wash..... 01 02
Belcher ......... 09 10] Mexican ........ 36- 37
Best ,& Belcher; 25 ¦ 26; Occidental .....06 08
Bullion 01 ••02; Ophlr ....'. ¦ 83 "J 84
Caledonia ..'.... 1? 79'Overman 16 : 17
Challenge Con.. 16 lSlPotosi ; J6" 16
Chollar .;.. 16 - 17j Savage :. -14 15
Confidence ..... 72 : 76, Scorpion .v. .... ' 04
Con Cal.& Va..2 40 2 45 Seg Belcher..:.. 01 02
Con. Imperial.. .—. 02. Sierra Nevada. 35 36
Con New York. — OlSSllver HUI.v....- 40- «i
Crown Point:..; 12. 13 St; Louis;.. ;,.:. 06 —
Eureka Con..... 06 —[Standard ...."...4 (K) 4 05
Exchequer:..... .01 02: Syndicate :.....%'>'—. 08
Gould & Curry: -17. 18j Union Con ." 21-23
Hale & Norcra. 13 15 1 Utah .; -i'6 ; 07
Julia :.y; .7.;.. •.•;;." . 01 02, Yellow Jacket.. 19 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Andes ....OS 200 Ophlr ........... 85
80OiBest & Belcher 26 200 Ophlr V. S4
30O Best & Belcher 1 27 300 Ophlr 83
600 Best & Belcher 25 200 Ophlr 82
1550 Con Cal & V.\. 2 45 500 Savage ......... 15
200 Con Cal & V.2 4214 '300 81erra Nevada. 38
450 Con Cal'& V...2 40 600 Sierra '; Nevada. 37
500 Mexican ."....... -38.' E00, Yellow. Jacket.. : 21
"Afternoon 'Session,
200 Andes ....OS 300 Mexican' 42
6C0 Belcher ......... 09 200 Mexican ........ 39
400 Best' &, Belcher SO 500 Ophlr ....,;.... h
200 Best & Belcher 29 400 Ophlr .....'..... 83
300 Best & Belcher - 28 1000 Ophlr ...; 87
20O Challenge Con.. 19 1500 Ophlr 85
.200 Challenge Con.. 1? 1100 Ophlr 86
400 Con Cal & V.2 37V4 400 Ophlr ;.......... 84
350 Con Cal & V.2 42% COO Seg Belcher...:. 02
430 Con Cal & V.V.2 45 200 Sierra - Nevada 42
650 Con Cal & V.2 47% 200 Sierra .' Nevada 41
1700 Con Cal & V.. .2 50 .200 Sierra '¦¦ Nevada. : 40
1250 Con Cal &.V.2 52^ 300 Silver Hill .44
650 Con Cal& V...2 55 200 Silver Hill...... 43
600 Crown Point.;.. 1 14 400 Union Con....:. 23
600 Gould & Curry.. 19 600 Yellow Jacket 21
'300 Justice 04 . 500 Yellow ¦ Jacket 23
600 Mexican-. 41
Morning Session
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:;.
200 Belcher ........ 10 400 Mexican .... 38
500 Beat & Belcher 27 100 Ophlr " 84
BOO Chollar. ......... 18 fl)0 Ophlr ....... . 83
800 Con Cal & Va..2 45- 600 Savage 15
100 Con Cal& Va:.2 40 1000 Sierra Nevada 39
200 Gould & Curry. 1S : 600 Union Con...... 82
Afternoon Sesvion.
100 "Andes .........: OS 200 Ophlr si
100 Best & Belcher 30 400 Ophlr .....' 85
60 Challenge 1« 100 Overman ]g
P00 Challenge .18 100 PotosI ......... 13
H50 Con Ca". * Va..2 r.O 300 Seg Belcher.. 02
£00 Con Cal & Va..2 45 500 Sierra Nevada. '39
SCO Crown Point;... 13 COO tin Ion Con . . . . 23
WOO Gould & Curry. "19 50 Union Con..... 22
600 Justice 04 200 Union Con...... u
500 Mexican .:......- 39 600 Yellow Jacket.. 22
Morning I Session.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
clrco Stock and Exchange Board yes'terday:
MINING STOCKS.
Moraine Session.
300 California-Standard .......: ,. 44
500 California-Standard ...;... 45
700 Caribou 70
3C0 Columbian '.. 30
GOO Independence ' ]g
MOO Lion .:.......... ". »n
EfK) McKittrlck 34
2000 Monarch of Arizona.......... 55
100 Monte Crlsto < 2 35
lOOO Petroleum Center ig
¦ 200 Ban Joaquln OH & I>ev Co 9 62V4
100 Wolverine 1 05
\ . Afternoon Session.
Board—
IOOO Lion, b CO.... »i
230 Monte Crlato ¦.-.::..;..-.; ....:... 2 35
1000 Occidental of West Va 54
1000 Petroleum : Center ...... ...'....;....;.. 18
1000 Petroleum Center, b 60........ ]<?
100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev Co.. 975
Moraine Session.
Board— :
1000 Aetna .'. 19
1600 California-Standard 45
£09 California-Standard 45
500 California-Standard ;.*-''47 ¦
100 Four 53
60 Kern 7 SO '
1 DO Kern ,.".:..-.; .'.....«. 7 62H
500 Linda Vista ........V ¦. 16
; 200 Monarch of , Arizona 54
400 Occidental of West Virginia 58
CO Peerless, b 60.. 8 60
250 Petroleum Center ....: 18
13S0 Petroleum Center 17
200 Reed Crudo,... 57
25 San Joaqutn Oil & Dev.. 10 00
.250 Sterling 2 10
100 Sterling, b 30... 2 15
Street—
1250 Sacramento 1 50
Afternoon Session.
500 Corona ......... .....A.. 03
200 Four ....: b!
700 Four ¦. 5i
5 Hanf ord 90 00
10CO Independence ,,, 17
200 Independence 18
60 Kern |... 7 60
300 Lion 19
000 Petroleum Center 17
33(10 Petroleum Center ]6 -
BOO Reed Crude, b 3 Eg
100 Reed Crude 67
700 Toltec 75
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Street—
75 Kilauea S P Co 21 00
J15.000 8 P of A bonds ..113 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Board—
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s. ...... ..103 50
20 Contra Costa Water 72 00
25 Contra Costa Water .'...:..¦. 72 B0
26 Contra Costa Water 72 62^4
20 Giant Powder Con ; 81 00
$1000 Hawaiian C & 8 Co 6s 104 75
45 Hutchinson S P Co. e 90 22 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co 22 00
60 Makaweli S Co 40 00
10 Makawell S Co 39 75
260 Makawell S Co, b 6 40 00
5 Oceanic S\ S Co .56 00
5 Oceanic S R Co 55 60
10 Oceanic 8 8 Co 55 23
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds .• .104 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
Afternoon Session.
75 Contra Costa Water .'. 71 25
25 Contra Coeta Water 71 50
-20 Contra Coeta Water, b 10. 72 00
E0 Contra Costa Water, b 3.............'. 72 00
30 Contra Costa Water 72 00
30 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 68 00
125 Honokaa S Co 32 oo
60 Honokaa S Co 31 87tf
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 22 12V4
200 Kilauea S P Co 21 00
90 Makawell S Co 40 25
35 Makawell S Co ..40 00
6 Market Street Railway 69 50
200 Market Street Railway 70 00 .
$2000 Ocean lc.S S bonds 104 60
20 Oceanic S S Co 56 00
220 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75
9 Spring Valley Water ..; 92 00
J2000 Spring Valley 4s (2d xntge) 104 00
Street—
$5000 S P of A bonds (1910) 113 75
$1900 United States 8« coup ...11125
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
E H Crtmmlne, Butte E F Wright, Auburn
J M Francis, Sacto D S Fish, Cal
E B Knight. Sacto W A J Edlnger. Cal
RJ- Anderson, Phila B L Werthelmer & w,
O N Hall. Mass Sacramento
C"H Hall. Corning N B Young. Lewlston
W J Rucker, St Louis A B Pitkin & w, R I
G A Wright. Alameda O D Taylor. Cal
H C Cooney. Butte A S Cooper. Cal
A B Cary. San Jose Dr Slnglefoot. Cal
Miss Z A Johnson. Vt E J Hill. Connnectlcut
F L Northrop. Ind W F Acton. Connectlct
W D Coates & w. Cal Mrs H W Chrlsman &
W H Clune. Los Ang «on, Montana
0 Butler & w, Cal C Green. USA
S B Jenks & w, Mich E Tucker. Oroville
Mrs E J Stoddart, Cal J W Glenn, 8tockton -
Miss M Stoddart, Cal H E Adams, Stockton
W H Bray, Nevada ' I Rogers. Cal
W B Knapp, Boston Miss H E Flckes, Cal
C W Stults, NY F W Gund. Illinois
T J Hanlon. Montana W Feeler. Chicago
J B True, St Louis Dr J E Cohn. Napa
A W Motley & w. Con- E B Coe, Denver
cord Mrs D Pierce, Chicago
1 M Sowers & w, Chg H A BIngham. L Ang
Mrs G S McCalmont, O J Weber. Los Ang
Chicago C H Warrington & w,
A Griffin, Fresno Iowa
J H Coleman, Cal E Dinkelsplel. Sulsun
F D Halm. Salt Lake J Connors, Michigan
It W Lureman. Mo I Miss F Lewis. Mich
PALACE HOTEL.
L A Williams." London JJ B Fisher, N T
O W Posey. Berkeley F L Gray. Sacto
A Kennedy & w. N Y H H Jacobson, N T
O Gramm, NY Dr Blsbee. U S N*
H A Belcher. NY M Cutts. Mare Island
O Gregory. Ky , B Goodwin, Cal
R Gross & w, Seattle J P Foley. N Y
Mra Gross, Seattle Dr Wlllard. N Y
Kate Carry, NY H Dibble. Chicago
L Haynes, L Ang Mrs -Dibble, Chicago
C Morgan & w, S Jose Mrs J Courty, Pa
H T Richardson & w, R S Mason, Phil*
NY M Mason, Germany
Mr Field & w, Cal F Johnston & w. N T
D Murphy & w, L A Mrs Johnston. N Y
F L Smith, Denver Mrs B Johnston. N Y
J Barber & w. Wls Mrs Norwood. N Y
C L Martin. Cal Miss Norwood. N Y
J Krohn & w. 111 M Ald«n, N Y
Mrs Krohn, 111 J W Surburg. N Y
E Eames & w. N Y N H Creager. USA
J Gains & w. N J E W Aslet, USA
A Cook & w, Chicago P H Palmery, N Y
Mrs Hargrove, Chlcgo H C Glass, Cal
H Jetiklnson. USA A Bettins. Cal
W L Lowe, USA H C Bannls. U S V
P Malcolm, Scotland H Wilkinson. U S V
F A Green, England J Watson. U S N
T Trax'ers. England L Plechner, St Paul
A E Windle, England W E Dunn. St Paul
E Dlckman, Cal J H Ruff. St Paul
E A Davis. Cal E Davis. St Paul
¦It floes not look as it there will be any
money appropriated ioi a Hawaiian ex
hibit at the Buffalo exhibition. The sug
gestion has not met with much favor
owing to more important matters demand
ing public attention.
There has been no change in the strtke
of the machinists at the Honolulu Iron
Works. Two representatives of the com
pany were dispatched on the steamship
Gaelic on the ISth for the purpose of se
curing machinists to take the places mads
vacant by the strike. So anxious was the
company to secure the men at an early
date that a fine of $200 for each representa
tive was paid the agent of the steamship
line to pay the Collector of the Port at
San Francisco in oraer that the agentn
could travel on a vessel of foreign regis
ter between two American ports. ¦,".--
The steamship Zealandia arrived this
morning eight days from Port Los Ange
les with 545 Porto Ricau laborers aboard
for service on the various sugar planta
tions. The crowd appeared to be much
stronger and' healthier than any- other
shipment which has reached here from
Porto Rico. There were two deaths on
the voyage.
The visiting Shriners expect to leave for
home April 2. On the evening of the 18th
the nobles and their wives were the guests
at an elaborate banquet tendered byth.3
members of Aloha Temple, which was or
ganized here last «w?ek. The following
day many of the Shriners took passage for
the island of Hawaii to visit the volcano
of Kilauea. A ball was also given the
Shriners the night of the 20th, the Terri
torial band being in attendance.
Shriners Soon to Return.
The storm occurred in darkness and all
that could be done was to heave to on the
starboard tack. The next day Captain
Glbbs went before the wind back toward
the Pacific Coast. For two days he kept
this course, cutting away the wreckage,
but when within 200 miles of San Francis
co a strong northerly wind was encoun
tered, which carried the vessel into the
p"ort of Honolulu under a jury rig. Thy
lost sailor was about 38 years of age and
shipped in San Francisco.
Both the main and mlzzen masts suf
fered, too, for the report of the break-
Ing foremast had scarcely died away be
fore a second : report came and' every,
thing above the main topmast head went
toppling into the sea. The mlzzen topmast
was next carried awav. All of the wreck
age was carried clear of the ship's sides
and absolutely no damage was done to her
hull or the livestock on deck. .
Timbers Crash on Backs.
Two of the sailors, Frank Behlander and
Frank Anderson, were carried over the
shin's side with the mass of wreckage
Benlander is thought to have been struck
by a falling piece of timber and rendered
unconscious, for nothing was seen or
heard of him after the 'rigging, was car
ried away. Anderson scramble! on the
spar ' and was rescued by the crew. He
was badly Injured by the fall.
The vessel left Ban Francisco February
13 with a general cargo and a deckload of
a dozen cattle and a quantity of bricks.
Fair weather was experienced' until the
ninth day out, about 400 miles south of
San Francisco. Captain Glbbs saw that a
storm was brewing and ordered sail short
ened. Only the fore lower topsail, fore
sail and spanker were set about 8 o'clock
at night, when a terrible hurricane struck;
the vessel from the tfest-southttest. A
part of the crew was on the fore lower
topsail yard when the storm struck tho
vessel. The foremast snapped - at the
doublins by the lower ma&thead, carrying
everything above with it. '
HONOLULU, H. T., March 23.— After
being thirty-three days out from San
Francisco the bark Olympic, Captain
Oibbs, arrived in port the morning of the
18th with her masts ' nearly gone and one
member of the crew missing 1 .' A sudden
hurricane, which lasted five minutes, waa
responsible for. the damage to the vessel
and - the subseQiient^delay : in reaching
Furious Wind Snaps the Timbers,
Two Hen Are Cast Into the
Sea and One Is
Drowned.
Bark Olympic Arrives at
Honolulu After Terrible ';
Experience.
STORM RENDS
MASSIVE MASTS
A. Miles Taylo'r (owner) with M. J. Savage
(contractor and architect)— -All work for a four
stcry and basement frame building with con
crete foundations on N line of Post street, 63:9
W of Polk. W 23 by X 120; I1J.20O.
James McXab (owner) ¦ with H. T. Orleb
(contractor), architect Frank S. Van Trees-
All work for a two-etory. sub-basement and
attic frame building on IT line of Broadway,
8?:6 W of Fillmore. W 43 by N 137:8; $19,325.
Henry -Becker (owner) with L.- Cere^hlno
(contractor), architect H. Hess— All work on
new two-story frame building (store and flat),
also moving l and alterations of old building
now on premises on W line of Castro street,
173:8 S of Eighteenth, S 24 :8 by W 125: $3350.
Abrarnson-I J eunlsh Glass Company (owners)
with H. H. Larsen & Brother (contractors),
architects Salneld & Kohlberg— Brick and car
renter work, glazing, tinning, hardware and
painting for a two-story frame factory build-
Ing: on NW corner of Fifteenth and Harrison
street!. N 256 by W 483; $34S0.
Builders' Contracts.
Caroline Oiristensen to Joseph Dlas. lot on
w corner of Stevens street and lot 14 of the
Stevens Tract, thence SE 75. SW ISO, NW to
NW line of lots 14, thenc* NE to beginning,
lot 14, map of Stevens Tract. Centervllle; $1000.
Manuel S. and - Roele Escobar to Antolne
Poub, all interest in lot 7. block E. map of
town of Mission San Jose, Washington Town
ship; W27.
• Christian Zlnns (by H. B. .Belden. commis
sioner) to Ilibernla Savings and Loan Society,
lot on K line of Everett street, 208:4 N of
Santa Clara avenue, B 212. S 108:5, W 80. N
25:1, W132. N 83:4 to beginning lots 4 to 7,
block 2. man of subdivided Chlpraan blocks,
Alameda; ?15M. -...--
Calvin and Alice O. ESterly to F. S. Page,
lot on NW corner of .Bancroft way. and Chapel
street, W CO by N 65, block 5, map of villa
lots joining the University site en the south,
Berkeley; K£00. •
F. P. Barrett to James W. Orr. lot B, block
54, Alameda Park Homestead, Alaroeda: 110.
James W. Orr to Helen A. Orr, fame, Ala
meda; tift. - .
130.15 to beginning, portion block - 9. man of
property • College Homestead Association.
Berkeley; 12000.
E; Phillips to K.' Gore. lot on S line
of Butterworth street. 200 W of Ralston. W 40
by s 135, - block 4, . map of State University
Homestead ¦ Association So. 3. Berkeley; *S0O.
THE SAN FRANCISCOi GALL, SATURDAY, MARGH^ 30,^ 1901.
13
Second Feet.
DATE.
1300. 1901.
March 17 17.800 18.700
March 18.. 16.700 l«.10O
March 19 16.10O 15.600
March 20.... 15.500 14.900
March 21.... 14.900 14.900
March 12 14.6CO 14.600
March 23 H.OOO 14.500
DATE.
Second Feet.
DATE. [
1900. 1901.
March 17 2034 24SO
March IS 1138 J43O
March 19 S034 271S
March 20 . 1930 2718
March 21 ....I 1930' 2832
March 22 2034 2S52
March 23 | 1130 2713
DATE.
DATE.
I Second Feet. I
1 Mln'rCo) Total
. 1900. ( 1901. Canal. I 1901.
March 17 •
March 18
Macph 19
March 20......
March 21
March 22
March 23
3124 59C0
2924 2300
2719 2693
3124 2900
2924 29C0
2719 3100
2924 3100
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
2910
2910
2705
2910
2910
3110
3110
DATE.
I Second Feet. I
1 Mln'rCo) Total
. 1900. ( 1901. Canal. I 1901.
March 17 •
March 18
Macph 19
March 20......
March 21
March 22
March 23
3124 59C0
2924 2300
2719 2693
3124 2900
2924 29C0
2719 3100
2924 3100
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
2910
2910
2705
2910
2910
3110
3110
Second Feet.
DATE. [
1900. 1901.
March 17 2034 24SO
March IS 1138 J43O
March 19 S034 271S
March 20 . 1930 2718
March 21 ....I 1930' 2832
March 22 2034 2S52
March 23 | 1130 2713
DATE.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1300. 1901.
March 17 17.800 18.700
March 18.. 16.700 l«.10O
March 19 16.10O 15.600
March 20.... 15.500 14.900
March 21.... 14.900 14.900
March 12 14.6CO 14.600
March 23 H.OOO 14.500
DATE.
'dence-of the parents, '646 Forty-seventh «treet,
corner Grove, Oakland. ; Interment Mountain
View Cemetery '^l^^aSl^BSSSB&SSSOSSf^
'SMILEY— In this city. -March ;- 28. 1901, 'Fred
Smiley, ; a native of England, aged • 64 ¦ years.
Cty Friends and acquaintances - are I respect-
fully . Invited to attend ¦ the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock," from the parlors of
: J.'*S..Ood3au, 305 Montgomery avenue, where
a service will ' be held* under the auspices of
the Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association
No. 35. Interment Laurer Hill Cemetery.--
MARINE Engineers' Association No. 35— Mem-
bers are hereby notified to assemble at I our
reading-rooms, v 36 East I street, this day I (Sat-
urday), • to attend s the .funeral ; of .' our late
brother, Fred Smiley. ¦ -
J. R. FLOUD, President.
.. CHARLES S." TRUK. Secretary.
' S M ITH-In this city; \ March 29, 1901, George
N. J., beloved husband of Catherine Smith, a
native of New York City, aeed 64 years 10
months' and 1 day. ', . .,.-.- ,.,.,_..-
fry Friends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Silnday). at 1 o'clock,* from his late resl-
. dence, 103 ConsxesB street, corner . Masonic
. avenue. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
STEWART— In Demine. New Mexico, Febru-
ary 10, 1901. Oeorge E. Stewart, beloved hus-
band of Emma E. Stewart, a -native of
! Washington, D. C.'&ged 37 years 11 months
¦ and 18 days. ¦
• inTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), -at 1 o'clock, from. the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy Street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
: streets.
TEMPLETON— In this city, March 29. 1901.
Horatio Mauser Temnleton,' beloved husband
of PJiebe E. Temcleton, and nephew of the
late Judsre Horace Temnleton of San Mateo
County, a native of Vermont, ared 60 years
S months and 17 days. Member of Masonic
and A. O. . U. W. lodges of San Mateo and
I. O. O.'F. of Halfmoon Bay. (Vermont pa-
pers pleafe copy.) ¦
ICj^ Funeral notice hereafter. Please omit
flowers. , - ¦
"WEILI^-In this city, March 28, 1901, Hannah,
relict <bt the late Isidor Weill. beloved mother
of R«lne and Maler'I. Welll, and sister of
Li. M., Joe and Sol Kaiser and Mrs. Arniand
¦\Voill. a native of Alabama, aged 48 years 2
mcnths and 2S days. (.Mobile, Ala., papers
plfasft copy.)
Cyinterment at San Luis Obtspo. ¦'.'.•..
WREN— In this city. March 28, 1001. Jalta,
clearly beloved daughter of Ellen amfc the late
Bartholomew Wren, and ulster of Edward,
Thomas, William, John, Bartholomew and
Kate Wren and Mrs. E. P. Blagrove, a na-
tive of San Francisco. •
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend -the funeral this day
(Saturday), from her late residence. 1271 Fol-
som street, thence to Bt. Joseph's Church,
'where a solemn high mass will be served for
the rpwise of her soul at -9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy CrosB Cemetery.
¦O11TIIKR* fAVtWMV COMPANT.
(rAciric mrrxM.>
Train* !«•«*• nnU are «•««. «• »rrl*« •»
MAN ritAN«:i*<:«».
(]fa!n Line. Foot o( llarket Stria!)
tun — Fsou March 14, 1X1. — **rit»
TiOOa Martinet, 8aaR«raon, Vallejo. Napa,
Ualiitogaaud&auta Ko*a fiUr
TiSOa. Benida, Sufenn, Kimira, V»e»tUl#,
Ramsey aod Ktcrunanto , 7t33y
7i»Oa Davis. Woodland. Knighte Landing.
Marjsfille. Oiofille 7:3*r
7iS0i Atlantic Express— Ogden and East lS:13r
»:•»»* JTIl9». Dferaore, Tracy, Latkrop,
Stockton 7t31»
• iao a Shaata E*preg»— D»«is, WlUUnas ( for
Bsrtlett Sprton), willows. Bad
N Blufl. Portland 7iS«»
Bi3Oa Sin Joss, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone. H»cr»meuto. PlaeeniQ*.
ll«rji»fll». Cbico. lUuHliirt 4iS3p
•ilOt O»k dale, Chinrte, Honor*. Cfertefs... 4iS3r
t:O«A Hiinnli, Nile* aod Way Stations. I IiS4a
ttOOaLos Annies Zxpres*— M»rtlne».
Traoy, Lathrop. Hlooktou. Merced
- - Trasno «nd Lo» Ang-elea .......... 7>S3r
•iS» a V»llfJ.». lUrtlne* >uct W» j Station* BiSar
, 1 tiyo A Th« OTerlaud Umlted— Ogden, Den.
i ter, Om»h». Chle»j3 CiSSr
11:00* Nilr«. Btockton, HaoaBrato, Man* .
dota. Fresno, IUnfor.1. Vl««i!«,
PortMfUlo 41i»3»
11iO*a LlTennore, 8aor«r. Gcshcn Joa»
tlon. Bakenflefd, Lot Aocelet
tl:**Or Sacrainosito IMier Ste«»ini*.. i3iA*A
StO«r ll«nicla. Winters, Bacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
M»rj«»llle. Orotllls..- IO:1»3a
*)«•? Hajwarda, Sfti and Way StaUosa. IlUr
4ltOOr Martlu«x, Hau lUiaoii, Valitjo.
N»P». <.Vli«t»K«. N»iita lUMa VtSSa.
t*iOOr Batnet limited. El Pa*o, Kenv
Orle»na and Baal..*. «H»33a
4tO#rTh« Owl Limited— Trmcr. freano.
Bakerafield. Hancus (or Santa Bar-
bara. Los AnceJea. itiSSa
««»Of nsywarda. Mien «nd Saa Joae |S:3»A
Crwwf >'ew Orleans Exprets-lukaniUIO,
baula Barbara. Loa Angs.ei, I)»m-
Inr. SI Pmq. New Orlsaus and
Vast.. 7'SSa
»««a» Nile*. LlTsrmore. Stockton. Lodl.... !•<&»*
Otwwp tlarwarda, Mies and M»u Jo»» 7.33 4
t«so« r Taflajn I li»»4
•«O0r OrienUl Mall— Ofden. Chayenaa,
Omaha, Chicago ia<S3r
•:«9r Oriental Matl-Ogden, Denrer.
Omaha, Cbieaffo. 4iS3»
7t0wr Oregon and California Kiprma,Haa>
rmuoiitu, M.rjulIIo. Raiitilug,
rortlaiul, Pugat Nnniiil ami Kaak StSSa
SiwSr8an P»b!o. r.irt Cimta, Martlaei .-
and Way Stations HtM*
l»;03r Vtilejo liajy
COAST IMTISKM (Marror? liaaK*).
(Foot of M«;k«t Street.)
SilSAl<(awark.C'»iiterflll«,ManJc««,reltoi>,
Boaiiler Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
8Utlon« StSar
ftil Jr Newark Centerfille. San Jbm, New
Almaiteu, Tvtton, Itouiilar Orook,
Santa Cnu and. l'rlaeiral Way
, Stations t>*>3*A
4il»r Newark. Han Joae, Lea Gatoa 8i3»a
a9:3O> Hnnten' Exsursion, San Joas and
Way Btattona- {7»»O*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Irialll FUBOISCO— FmI if Itrkit SUnt(Sliyl)—
t7tlS 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 1:00 8:13'.M.
»M«0lUUD— »»«t t'.tttnimtj.— tC:OO j8;00 t8KU
10:00*. U. 13:C3 a:C3 tC3r.ll.
COAST DITISION (llroarf «i«nge).
(Thlril mid Townaetwl SU.)
fflilOA Ocean View, Sotitfa Man Francinco.. (•>>•»
7:0»a Han Joxo ami Way SUtloita (Naw
Aluiaileu Weili>9«dai»mily) llBOy
•i«Oa Nan Joae. Tres l*im.«. H»uta Criii.
racirie Uro»«. l>aao U»l>l«i. Bau
I.ula Olilnpo, H'irf, Lompoc and
rrlnelpal Way HUtlnna 41il«r
IwUwABao Joae and War Station! «tS4«
I IiSwa Man Joae ami Way HUtlmia SiBOr
t»: *&r San Mktro, Uedwoorf. M enlo Park,
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, Ban .Inae,
Trea Plnos. Hanta Crnx, Salinaa,
Monterey and Padflo Grort...... tlt'S* 1 *
fSiBOpflan Joaoaud War Btallona 7iSOy
f4tlSr San Jote and Principal Way Stationa »s43a
f.1:OOr S»n Joae, Los Gatoa aod Principal
Way Station «•>«•*
B:l«p Sau Jose and Principal Way Stttloaa •:^-'»*
•t3or San Jcae and Way Stationa t* ! * n *
¦Ili43p San Joae and Way 8tatlona 7«»wr
A (or Momlnr P f or A f Untooo.
t HI ,ind»y e irrpted. J BOoday Oaly.
f Mondays, Wednasdayi, IMdajm,
< Tnaadaya, Tbandaja^ wadayi,
« datuxday onlj, - — »
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
*>n-i hrnncixvO l«* i>un Km Me -
TIBUROX FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS-7:S0. 9:00. ll:C0 «, m.; i::35, 3:30.
5:10. 6:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:20
p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. J:W. 11:00 a. ra.; 1:30. J.IO.
5:C0. «:20 p. m.
San tiainsl to San Francl*co.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:4».
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Echuetzen Park.
aame schedule aa above. .
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Nov. 7. 1300.1 San Franciaeo.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week.
Pays. I daya. | D««tlnatlon. j days. [ Day.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8.06 pm 10:2; am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 1:22 pm
" " Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:13 am
Healdiburf.
Lytton,
GeyservlHe,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:22 pm
•7:30 ami I Hopland I I .
I 8:00 am| and UKtan. | 7:33 pm| «:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm *:C pro
7:30 am &:C0 am Scnoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm «:S3 pan
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ¦ 110:40 am|10:2S am
3:30 pm| 1:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 1:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Pulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyserville for Skaggs Springa; at Cloverdale
for tbe Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Spring's, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlctt
Springs: at Ckiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Uerley"s, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport, Uaal.
Wklletts. Laytonvlllc, Cummlngs. Bell'a Springs,
Harris, Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re*
duced rates. *» c
On Sundays.- round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market at.. Chronicle build-
in*. - R- X RYAN.
H. C. WHITING, Gen. Pasa. A«t.
General Manager. ¦ , , ¦ '.r<
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY^
" Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
tv. «*m fmam. **.¦*« rn«n.
r^tlul- DAYS__ ( *~ ;.JJ-
4:00 r. u. ) Stay over nigh t at the tatus (.10:35 a. m.
$100 a. M.) f 1:00 p.m.
10*0 A.M. I flTTXTlAV«l J «»r\W.
11:30 A. If. f "~— SUNDAYS^»_.>^. i 4fS r M
1:15p.m.) ." l&iar.K.
tve. Saa Fnncaseo ta Summit and Return, f 1.40.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Sausallto Ferry.
yTV Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Jh^JSjk C12f> KE1R.W *T. Established
BiliHI 1 " IS54 for lhe treatraent of rTiTata
flaUL. flfig Diseases. Lo^ t ManSood. Debility or
MRS fi8|ill«'ase wearing mi body and mind and
i^W ffia *kln Diseases. Tbe Doctor cure* when
jSHrathers fair. Try him. Charges low.
>^HHBI^"rr« trnarnnterd. Cullorwrlta.
I»r. J. t\ « I BBO> , sau Francisco. Cal.
• THROUGH TRAINS.
; 6:65 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
-. 1:45 ; p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. - '«vnsMM<*4B^(BHnHHBBiS|
- s a.m. Sundays — Tomales and way sta-
tions.
¦- SUNDAYS— *8:00. 'N^W. »ll:30 a. m.. »1:15
3:15. M:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m.V,
Trains marked (*) run to 'San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK -DAYS— 6:20. »6:»0. 7:43. 9:30 a. m
•12:30, 1:45. *3:30. 4:30, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAY8-6:20. •8:00. .*10:0O, . »11:45 a. m .
•1:40, *2:15, 4:45.: *«:30 p. m. . ' cr
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK - DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55. »:30 a. in .
12:35. 2: 10,. 3:30, 4:54,-5:20 p.m.
•EXTRA TRIPS on Monday-. Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
- SUNDAYS- 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 8:15. 2:30
5:00, 6:40 'p.m.
' "WEEK DATS— «:56.*9:15, 11:00 a. m., ' *1:15,
3:15, 4:00, 6:15." »6:13, 6:40 n. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS-For MIH Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:0u and 11:35 p. m.
. Via Sausallto ferry.
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Kerry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land. ¦¦ ¦ '
3:60 p. m. la the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free ? Reclining Chair Car. also 1'alace
Sleeper.' which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train la the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to ; Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:35 p. m. dally.
- 4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
I'ERSOXALS.
jjTrxJdard's Celebrated Plasters, a positive cure
for all ailments of the flesh, nerves or mus-
tle*. prepared and *old only by MR3. N.
STODDARP. main offlr* 11S7 Geary st.. nr.
Krankllti; 'rhone East 233. Bnnch office 15U
Market, cpp. Van Ness ave. References— Hor-
ace Platt, attorney; Tom V. Cator. attorney.
A— IK your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary St.. and you
will net be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation Bent to all
parts cf the world; call cr Bend for circular.
A RESPECTABLE German lady having home
of h«>r own, but no means to keep her, would
like to ret acquainted with honorable gentle-
man; object tnatrimony. Box 2TS1, Call.
yor.VG mart with somi means wishes corre-
f;> ndence with young Swedish lady. S. P.
S VAN SOX. San Franc-Uco Postofflce.
SV.y\ REWARD offered by the New York Der-
matologists to any oae whose, wrinkles or
freckles return after their treatment; trial
treatment free to calltrs. 1C3 Ellis St.. S. F.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
y«ar*' experience. J. B. RAY, 8J7 Jessie st.
ll WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress eults. J20 up; ele-
B«-nt overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
LADIES make COO per CCBt selling our goods at
home. For terms and particulars address
. The Hutchinson Co.. New Haven. Conn.
Ladies' & gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sojil J. Si'.verman, PS4 Folsom : tel.Folsom 1191.
"X'.LECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
Z*c to tl £0 i*t night; $1 &0 to Si per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1'ANTP. S2: suits. IS TS. ORIGINAL MISFIT
t'LOTHINO PARLORS. 4C7 Montgomery st.
>T^$3 5" r»ErtBY and Fedcra hats, tl "5. Popu-
lar Tri.-e Hatter*. 330 Kesrny St., near Pin«.
Y.'HITE enamel iron beds, sinrle. three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
- CO.. 1~J r -JS12 Stockton tt.. near Broadway.
BC8OOL to learn halrdregsing. Jiair work, man-
h-uring: private Wpcn* or class. MISS A V.
IOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
conn horn* open for healthy boy and ertrl
r-ableg. MRS. DR. FCNKE. 141S Eth. Alameda.
JAMES" Detective Bureau, l!I Montgomery st.
room 21: phone Buth 2SS: charges reasonable.
¦M.FREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to tt.= natural color; $1; at all druggists.
*KINGSLAND Art Colors," for leather, wood
*cd phctos. at all flrst-clase art store*.
.AT.i. KINI>S of bamboo fancy work to order.
I5ORISHIMA & CO.. US Ellis; tel. Red 136S.
SPRING etyl^ Standard patterns now ready.
••Domestic" office. 1021 Market et..- nr. Sixth.
*1ASQI;ERADE eosturnes. play books. wlg»;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
erPERFLUOirS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIt«S_EATON. 1I1S Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
com cure; 25c; all druggists.
ItCAI. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
itic^M^ON^TLAND'cO?r S?3 ClemenTsT
Two full lots with modern four-room
cottage, in best part of Richmond:
price $2,300
Pair cf neat flats, 9 rooms; price 2.750
Store and flat, modern and cheap at 4.0<?0
• 'orner, C7:€xlOO, on Lake et #. 1.600
Iiusiness l-jt en Clement st. only 1.CO0
2-«tory house, 6 rooms, modern 2.500
flSOO— CHEAPEST home In the city: to effect
quick eale; 4 rooms and stable; well of water
jroduces 1000 gallons per day; street accept-
ed by city: cement sidewalk: plank side en-
trance: part cash. Call immediately on H.
W. DAVIS. 415 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
I4V0— A SNAP: modem Swiss cottage: 12
rooms: ir.arnlflcent marine view. 47 Mur-
, phy building.
TOR the best located lots in Richmond ani the
otieapert ca!I on W. J. Gunn. 639 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
r^ars furnished. GEORGE M. SALSBURT.
builder: office 1333 Market st.
IK you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on TV. J. GUNN. iZt California st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 paces, in wrapper for mailing, fl per year.
REAL ESTATE — COOTRV — For Sale
BUT la Nara County: no drouths, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops: write us for free
copy "Nepa County VJticulturlst." THE W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
FOR RENT— About 5 acres land, good barn. 7-
rtcrj- house, fr.shrt or net; also saloon A bar-
ber chop. H. M. Le Baron. Valley Fcrd. Cal.
M. GRIFFIN. 715 Market St.. by Call bid*..
f ells hotels, lodging houses, stores, etc. Prlnt-
lists of farms and city property.'
WHITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. PetaJuma, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. r*al estate bargains.
REAL. ESTATE V.'AXTED.
WANTT:i>^Nic*~bulllir.g let. $120o"to 75w.
Box S7T4. Call office.
WANTED— Small home for J3000 er $4000 ca»h;
"wners only. Box 2723. Call office.
HIT A I. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
MO. l oil sfvk and some caFh for standard
mske tyrx- writer. Bor 1740. Call oSce.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL KSl'ATE.
t rOTTAGES. 5 rocms and bath: lots 40x150;
f!*CO each: J300 ca*h. HouKe. < rooms; San
Antonio ave.; let 45x11.0: $1000; $.VW cash. Cot-
mge. 3 room*; lot 30x70: $425: I2C0 cash. J.
Tl. YOUNG.* bull<J«T. 1243 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXU BOARD.
UANDSOMELT refurnished rooms: board first
<-!?ss. SIC1 Central ave.. Atameda.
HERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
UERKELEY REAL. ESTATE-
MODERN Queen Ann-* cottage; 6 rooms and
ts;h: large lot; errand view; part cash or
nould trade for room*ns-hou»e In city; Kose-
brae. -¦¦•:•'. Spauldlns ave.. near Bancroft
way. Berkeley. Cal. t—.-.-.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFJCE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
f-600 FOR property originally costing *m00; €4
feet frontage; house of 9 rooms and bath;
barn with t-oachman's room; private m-ater
aupply en rremises; water fountain; shrub-
bery, flowers, etc. ; in fact, an ideal home for
a little money; 10 minutes' walk from busi-
ness centers and loca.1 trains: terms $S00 ca:h.
balance bank mortrace: positively must be
•old; first come first eerved. J. 8. MITERS
ti CO.. 1CC2 Broadway; Oakland.
THOSE G new homes which MTERS & CO.
hai'e for pale are the finest and most up to
date of anything in the house line that has
ever been offered for eale; space will not
permit extolling their charming qualities;
location* are \arled. ranging in price from
S1609 to to '>. from S to 3 rooms each; Just
•vjicpleted and ready for Inspection; worth
the trip to Oakland to see them; no thought
or money has b»*n spared to make these
"houses the finert ever offered for tale; easy
term* can be arranged for payments: we
cordially invite the public, u: see these prop-
" *Tjle" whether you . purchase or not; car-
riages always at tbe office for accommoda-
tion of our patron* #ree of charge. J. 8.
MYERS & CO.. 100» Pcoaflway. Oakland.
•1300— ORIGINALLY co«t *2O00; cottage of 6
rooms and bath; high. basement; Z blocks from
school, cars, -tores, rtc^ $300 ca-h, balance
mortsage; a pocltlve bargain and must be
cold; call early.
J. & MYERS * CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2^>0— ONLY t3C0 cash; brand-new Uteit design
ccttape; open plumbing; latect In everything;
rear local station, schools, cars and business
center*; cost JJ1O0 to duplicate; seeing .6 be-
lievinr; call early.
3. S. MTERS & CO.,
10C2 Broadway, Oakland.
f ;*.S© FOR a J2S00 property In East Berkeley: 2
blocks from station; 5 rooms and bath; con-
venient to everything; sunny and a beautiful
neighborhood ; we are instructed to tell with-
out reserve; 1400 ca-h.
3. S. MTERS A CO..
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
{225— LOT In Lorin; 300 feet from station on
Berkeley local, giving a half-hour sen-ice to
Kan Francisco, tame time to city aa from 7th
and Broadway. Oakland; this lot man be
gold. A. J. SN'YDER. 467 Xlath et.. Oakland.
f«GCO- A MAGNIFICENT home on Telegraph
ave: S rooms and bath; modern; lot 50x125.
A. J. ENYDER. 467 Ninth et.. Oakland. Cal.
jj.'.OOo FINE Investment for the future; busi-
ness block; always rented; stone's throw
lrom narrow-gauge depot; for sale by the
r wncr. Bex 2212, Call office. Oakland.'
ELEGANT corner lot. 135x100; KS0O, with lm-
praveraenti; modern house; larpe barn, beau-
tiful flower rarden; Ban Pablo-ave. cam paaa
door; cor. 34th et See owner on preroUea.
OAKLAAU FURXITPBE FOH SALE.
•AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaa-, th»
furniture dealer. Ilth and Franklin, Oakland^
FOR HOPSEKEEPISQ. "
BA . R TLETT, 369 (Mission warabeit)-bedroom^
Kitchen & bath; furn. hkpg.; small garden.
ELLIS, 639. cor. Larkin— Large sunny bay-win-
oow and kitchen: nice front folding bed: S1L
FIFTH, 353—2 furnished housekeeping, with
stove; also one, t7; two single. >5 month.
FOLSOM. 634— Sunny Housekeeping room; stove,
closet, bath; private; $1 50 week.
FROXT sunny bay-window rooms,, complete
for housekeeping. Apply 34 Eleventh st.
GOLDEN GATE ave., S22— Sunny bay-window
suite. 3 rooms; gag range; running water.
HARRISON. 731— Front and back parlor, fur-
nlshed for houtekeeplng; large yard; rent $13.
HOWARD. C13-JS; eunay furnished housekeep-
lng room; also 10c. l.v?. 25c rooms. ¦
HOWARD. 817— 2 rooms, newly furnished, com-
plete; also larger room. $10; housekeeping.
HO WA RD] ICC*— Large front bay-window
room, kitchen, complete for housekeeping:
private; cheap.
HOWARD. 1703— Nicely furnished bay-window
room with kitchen for housekeeping.
3 TO 6 elegantly and completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, use of piano: phone;
frarden; nice rurroundlngs; reasonable. 123
Liberty st.. Guerrero-st cars. /
MISSION. 1275 — 2 front and rear room; connect-
ing; furnished; also parlor.
MISSION. 172914rncar 13th— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry, $8.
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary— Sunny front;
folding bed; large front with kitchen: $S up.
POINT LOnoS ave., 1833, corner Eighth ave.—
3 or 4 furnished housekeeping rooms.
SACRAMENTO. 1514. bet. Hyde and Larkin—
One large nicely furnishea room: private resi-
dence; light housekeeping allowed If desired.
SIXTH. C41— Front and back parlor for house-
keepinir. . S10; single rooms, J4.
STOCKTON. €07— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunny rooms; also single rooms.' :
SOUTH PARK, IS*)— Two large rooms; nicely
furni*h*a for housekeeping.
VAN NESS. 402— Entlr* upper floor: 3 sonny
furnished rooms; gas stove; no children.
ROO3IS TO LET— Porn, and L'nfnrn.
ARGTLE. The/ McAllister St.. cor.-' Larkin—
This high-class rooming-house Is newly open-
ed; it has been elegantly and tastefully fur-
nished; every Improvement for comfort and
tanltary requirements has been adopted: all
outside, sunny rooms, with or without baths;
parties with references are Invited to Inspect
above premlee*: rooms ehown in the evening.
ROOMS TO LET.
A — For rooms apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. Zi Kearny St.. tel. 2314 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best dot-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms: modern conveniences;
rooms 50e up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
55c to II per night; Jl 23 to 15 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
.EDDY. S72— Elegantly furnished rooms; new
Cat; $12; alBO suite; board If desired.
FIFTH. 107 — Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission Ft?.— Eunny rooms, en cutte or
single; ladies' parlor: reading-room: elevator.
GROVE. 609«£— Nicely furnished room; rent
reasonable.
HICKORY ave., 215— Nicely furnished front
room.
HOWARD, 65<V— Single, "nice furnished, sunny
front room; also large- nice furnished room
fcr two: rent reasonable. ¦:¦.•
JESSIE. 3C3. near 6th and Market— Furnished
room, 51 a month; large room. 2 beds, fS.
MARKET. 104JA (The Roblnson)-Furnlshed
suites or single; reasonable. Tel. Howard 108.
MARKET. 1035. opp. Jones— Furnished sunny
rooms, single or double: bath. .
MINNA. 167. between Third and Fourth— Fur-
nished rooms to let from $3 per month up.
MOSS. 24U, near Howard — 4 unfurnished rooms *
gocd yard and water; rent $9.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up: S5e a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec lights; day, wk., mo.
POLK. 1911. near Pacific— 3 unfurnished sunny
rooms.
POST. 943— Nicely furnished bay-window alcove
room: running water; suitable fcr light hkpg.
ROYAL House. 12C Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
tor; ram, p«r niicht, SSc to tl SO; «"*lt, 12 to
tS; month. $S to $30: elevator on ground floor:
roomn with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALB House. 319-821 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night. 25c to tl: week, tl 25 to $4: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St., nr.
Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 121— Furnished front room, $3 50
month.
THE BERLIN, 22S Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient. *
TWELFTH. Ill— Well-furnished ami sunny
room In private family; use of bath.
IIOO3IS AXD BOARD.
IF you are locking for a boarding place, and
like French cooking, try 642 Geary st. You
will thoroughly enjoy yourself, meet good
people, and get the best meals in the cii/
at moderate prices. Desirable rooms for a
limited number. Come and try a dinner nt
6 p. m. and you will go away happy.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex E07 California Et.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
PILES-PETER FREILING'S pile salve, tl per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fail. * no matter of how long
itanding. 1C2S Devisadero st.. near Sutter.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. S97~Market st.-La-
dles during confinement w. 10 days' care. $20.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collection* mart*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-H: tel. E5gQ.
gSWCTO MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, told and renalrlni; Ruaran-
teed. Charles Plarobeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: fr hone Mint 5.
SHOW CARDS AXD POSTERS.
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DKS-
MOND. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folsom 1569.
SUMMER RESORTS.
LARKSPUR. Cal.— Camping grounds and
board furnished to gentlemen -with refer-
ences; five minutes from station and ten
from salt water bathing. Address P. O. box
. &4. Larkspur. Cal.
LARKSPUR, Cal.— Wanted to furnish board
and lodging to a few nice people with ref-
erences; accommodations first-class. Ad-
drefia P. O. box £4. Larkspur. Cal.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIKRCE-RODOLPH Storage an^MovirTg^CoTT
of fleet Post and Powrll sts. ; tel. Main C713.
i:i:KINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission (t.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. S320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEFT Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slon ct.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.-
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITElTs^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. t3. The Typewriter
Exchange. C3< California: telephone Main 268.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Charles A. Bush, 33, 64 Ellis street, and
Laura M. Sherman, 29, 323 Ellis street.
Eugene V. Kerr. 22. Oakland, and Mary J.
Jacobs, 22. Oakland.
Gudmnnd Olsen, 23. 40 Lundy Lane, and
Karen Kolvlg. 23, 87 Brosnan street.
Francisco Macchi, 43, Martinez, and Santa
Balestreri, 20, Martinez.
Herman Metzler, 43. 634 "Washington street,
and Adel S. Flgg, 29, 634 Washington street.
Charles W. Wood. "26. 1253% California street.
and Carrie Candage. 18. 114B Fourteenth street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence ' of per-
sons authorized to have tbe same published.'
BORN.
FORGE— In this city. March 23. 190L to the
•wife of Charles R. Forge, a asn. ' . .¦
KKLLEHER— March 27, laOL* to the wife of T.
J. Kclleher, a son.
HENRY'j. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannapan & Gallagher.) :
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M«r.
OTJNERAL DIRECTORS AND . EMHALMER3
20 Fifth «t.. opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone Couth. SO. :
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.' •-; -v
• 31 EDDY STREL IW
Telephone South 252. • . ,- ' ¦ .¦ - . • San Francisco.
: ' No Connection With 'Any' Other House.:
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:2.". a 11:45 a 11:03 p 7:23 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:3.", p 3:05 a
" Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:C« a
" Vlsalla-.. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
"Tulare... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a
•• Eksfleld.. 6:30 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ........
'•¦ Kan.Clty 2:41a 7:30a
" Chicago..... 2:15 p 9:00 p
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
MAKES HER
MARK
ON THE MAP. ...
SAN FRANCISCO
TO CHICAGO IN 75
HOURS ON THE
SANTA FE. .. . .
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
AT 9 A. M. EVERY DAY
C7Friend.i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral', services
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the real-
(E7Friends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 24?5 MlFsion street, near Twenty-first.
A member Of Unity Lodge No. 61/ K. of P.;
- also a member of , Mission Lodge * No. . 169, ¦
F. and A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from corner of
Guerrero and Twentieth streets at ¦ 10:30
o'clock. . . ¦ -
SCHIRCK— In this city. March- 29, 1901. Alice,
beloved wife of John Schirck, a native of
County Tyrone, • Ireland, aged 40 years.
ETRemalns at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company. 20 Fifth
Btreet. Notice of funeral hereafter. .
SHIRA— In Oakland, March 29, 1901,: Amy M./
beloved daughter of John and Hattie Shira,
and sister cf Clara I. and Alan Shlra. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 10 years 1 month
and 10 dayiu * ' 1 >n Ti'n Hi fj'HtllliJll iHUJiHH*
Cy* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
her late residence, 807 Castro street.
RALSTON— In this city. March 27. 1901, Gavin
Ralston, a native of Scotland, aged C4 yearn.
iryFriends are Invited to attend services
this day (Saturday), at 3 30 o'clock, at the
ohapcl of the I. O. O. F. Crematory, San
Francisco. No flowers.
MURRAY— In Altruria. March 28. 1901, Eliza,
beloved wife of William II. Murray; daugh-
ter of Mrs. E. B. Belcher. • and mdther of
Warren E.. Elizabeth B. and Rena B. Mur-
ray, a native of Weavervllle, Cal., ased 47
: years. Tapir TT <Ti*TiB»1 r ri |T r r »»ti WW flnVufcTMrtHW »«5
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
KOLB-ln this city. March 29, 1901. Georg
Kolb. beloved father nr Phlllpp and Christian
Koib, Mrs. R. W. Dlttmann. Mrs. G- Heyn
• and Marie and Georg . Kolb, a native of
Bayenir Germany, aged 76 years 6 months
and 3 days.
McENTEE— In this city. March 28. 1901. John,
beloved husband of Elizabeth McEntee, and
father of Eddie and Myrtle McEntee, a na-
tive of New York, aged S7 years.
McMILLAN— In this city. March S9. 1S01, Mary
McMillan, beloved wife of A. McMillan, a
native of St. Paul, Minn., aged 29 years 11
months and 20 days.
MEDINA— In this city. March 29, 1901, Mar-
ruerlte Emily Medina, beloved daughter of
Marguerite and Vidal Medina, a native of
San Francisco, aged 0 years 3 months and 12
days.
MOODY-In Berkeley, March 27, 1901, Volney
D. Mcoriy. a native of New York, aged 71
! years 7 months and 17 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1- o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3942 Nineteenth street, thence to B10
Buch street, where funeral services will be
held under the auspices of Eureka Lodge No.
6. O. d. H. S.. commencing at 2 o'clock.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KIMBALL— In Oreat Falls, Mont.. March 29.
1901, Fred II. Kimball, beloved son of Mar-
tha A. and the late George P. Kimball. and
brother of George W. Kimball. a native of
San Francisco, aged 37 years 6 months and
20 days.
KOCH (COOK)-In this city, March 29. 1901,
Charles Frederick Koch (Cook), beloved son
of Simon and Elisabeth Koch, and brother of
Simon T.. Henry W., Otto H.V Albert O.
and Caroline A. Koch (Cook) and Mrs. Ed-
mond O'Ura. a native of San Jose, Cal., aged
21 years 11 months and 1 day.
GTP rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 609 Polk street, 1 between Turk and
Eddy, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets, where services
will be helil under the auspices of Parker
Lodge No. 124. I. O. O, F. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
ILLING— In thla city, March 29. 1901. Fritz
lillng, beloved husband of Meta Illing, and
father of Hanna, Ernst, Fritz and Rudolf
IHIne, a native of Haung, HesEen-Nassau,
Germany, ased 54 years and 12 days. A
member of Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. II. S.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock' precisely,
from the undertaking parlors of .Valente,
Marlni & Co., 1524 Stockton street, near
Union. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city, March 27, 1901,
Theresa, beloved wife of Patrick J. Gal-
lagher, and beloved mother of William J.,
Joseph F., Mary A. and Margaret J. Gal-
la&her, a native Of Dublin, Ireland, aged 60
years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 403 Octavla street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GOLDING— In the City and County Hospital,
March 29, 1901. James Goldlng, a native of
Scotland, ased 70 years.
HEALY— In Oakland, March 29. 1901, at 1427
Fourteenth street, Henry, beloved husband of
Elizabeth Healy, avnatlve of New. York,
aged.C4 years 2 months and 27 days.
HELKE— In thin city. March 27. 1901. Charles
Helke. beloved father Of William L. and
Adolph Helke. a native of tbe Kingdom of
Saxony, aged 80 years 2 mon'.hs and 6 days.
(Milwaukee, Wls., papers please copy.)
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:20 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. SO Waller street, between Octavla and
Laguna. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. •
HINKLEY— In this city, March 29, 1901. at his
residence, 6C9 Polk street, Oliver Hlnkley,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Hinkley,
and beloved father of Charles E. Hinkley,
a native of Richmond, Me., aged 71 years. A
member of Parker Lodge No. 124, I. O. O. F..
and Friendship Lodge No. 1731, K. of H.
(Richmond and Bordlngham, Me., and Pla-
cervllle, Cal., papers please copy.)
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
• Halsted & Co., 946 Mission Btreet. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FITZGERALD-In the City and County Hos-
pital, March 28, 1501. Infant son of Lizzie
Fltzsrerald, a native of California, aged 2
months.
FOPPIANO— In this city. March 28, 1901.
James, dearly beloved son of Mr. Frank
Foppiano and of the late Mrs. Teresa Fop-
piano, and brother of Mrs. Robot Puccini,
Mrs. Celina Golton and John and Rlnaldo
Foppiano, a native of San Francisco, aged
32 years and 3 months. I
CXFriends and acquaintances are rcspect-
• fully -Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
dence,,/SI3S Twenty-first street. Please omit
flowers.
COLLINS— A fourth anniversary mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
. late Edward Collins at St. Francis Church,
Vallejo street and Montgomery avenue,
this day (Saturday), at 9 o'clock Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully Invited to
attend.
CULLINAN— In this city. March 29. 1901, Vin-
cent CuIUnan, beloved brother of Eustace
CuIUnan, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 8 months and 18 daysv
DEXTER— In this city, March 27, 1901. Fred
n. Dexter, a native of San Francisco, aged
45 years.
ley, a native of California, aged . 24 years 4
months and 3 days.
BROWN— In this city. March 28. 1901, George
Brown, beloved husband of Clara Savage
Browrr. a native of Scotland, aged 65 years.
(Springfield, Mass., and Hartford, Conn.,
papers please copy.)
(?''Friends and acanalntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:80 o'clock, from his late
residence. 112 Perry Btreet, thence) to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of nls soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BAXLEY-In Oakland. March 29. 1901. at B596
tjen Pablo avenue. Samuel Addlson Baxley.
(r7Friendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 421 Hyde Btreet. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
BANAHAN— In this city, March 29, 1901, Pat-
rick Banahan, beloved brother of Henry
Banahan and Mrs. William Hammond of
Alameda and the late Alice Banahan, a na-
tive of- County Leltrim, ~ Ireland, aged 64
years.
ETTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 11
o'clock, from the residence, of her parents,
K14 Hayes street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
AMICK— In this city, March 29, 1901, Fred,
eldest and beloved eon of William and Vir-
ginia R. Amlck, a native of Iowa, aged 26
years S months and 20 davs. -
<LLHXANDER-In this city. March 28. 1901.
Marl« Irene, beloved daughter of E. C. and
Annie' E. Alexander, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 years 11 months and 6 days.
DIED. .
Alexander, Marie I. Koch (Cook), Charles
Amick. Fred Kolb, > Geore
Banahan, Patrick McEntee, John
Baxley, Samuel A. McMillan. Mary
Brown, George Medina, Marguerite
Collins, Edward Moody, Volney. D.
CuIUnan, Vincent . Murray, Eliza
Dexter. Fred B. Ralston, Gavin
Fitzgerald (infant) Schirck. Alice
Foppiano. James Shira. Amy M.
Gallagher. Theresa Smiley. Fred
Goldlng, James . Smith, George N. J.
Healy, Henry Stewartr George E.
Helke. Charles Templeton. Horatio
Hlnkley, Oliver Weill, Hannah
llllnsr. Fritz Wren, "Julia— ~ *
Kimball. Fred H. •
MARRIED.
GARBEN— SCHMIDT— In this city, March 17,
1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, John Gar-
ben and Ella Schmidt. - ¦- .irMHlWprWHBBWslMrs. Ellen C. Sargent, widow of the late
Senator Aaron Sargent, accompanied by a
majority of those ladies of this city who
believe In woman suffrage and kindred
privileges, had com% to court to press
her suit against the city and county for
the recovery of $440 94, taxes paid into the
local treasury under protest. Mrs. Sar
gent does not wish to avoid the payment
of taxes, but if she must pay them she
asks the right to vote; to be represented,
together with all of her sex, who must
also bear their share of the burdens of
government, in those conventions which
fix the tax levy. *
Mrk Sargent protested and now pro
tests against the burden imposed upon her
on the ground "that all political power is
inherent in the people and that govern
ment is instituted for the protection, se
curity and benefit of the people and that
p-rr^ AXATION. without representation
I , is causing more trouble. This un-
II." American condition . of' affairs
JLJL caused the gathering of a party in
Judge Sloss*. court yesterday after
noon, but it more closely resembled the
"pink tea" variety than the Boston harbor
brand, which caused our illustrious fore
fathers, who were taxed and then denied
the right to be heard, much trouble, but
later cause for congratulation. "
At this point all of the ladles interested
in the c-ase voiced their sentiments, all
Attorney George C. Sargent 'represented
MrE. Sargent, the plaintiff. He contended
that the demurrer to the complaint should
not be sustained; that, the complaint was
sufficient and that it stated facts sufficient
to constitute a cause of action.
Recently. she v instituted an action for
the recovery of the $440 94 on the ground
that,, as 'she 'had -been denied the right to
vote, she could not legally be called upon
to pay the -ta^es. A demurrer to her
complaint was on Judge Slos3* calendar
for argument yesterday and the argument
was made. ¦••!'..'
Attempt to Carefully Guard
All Proceedings From
the Public.
RAILWAY CLERKS
FORM NEW UNION
Wedding invitations and cards.
Orders received in Stationeryj Department
and . promptly executed in the ¦ very ! latest
style and at moderate prices. Sanborn:
Vail & Co., 741 Market street.' '< •
Mi i itmmri i~T limrrr - - 1 •
The body of an unidentified man was
found floating in the bay between Broad
way and Vallejo street yesterday morning
by Willis Gray, a boatman. The body
had been in the water about a week or
ten days and the features were somewhat
distorted. It was that of a man about 30
years old, five feet ten inches tall. 190
pounds weight, brown hair, good teeth and
regular features. The clothing was a blue
6ack suit such as Is worn by seamen, blue
flannel underwear, and ¦ black . lace shoes.
A knife with the letter "R" engraved
on -the handle -was found In one- of the
pockets.
Body of I>rowned Man Found.
Dr. • Emmet Rlxford lectured to a large
audience at Cooper's " College \ last night"
on "The Doctor Among the .Painters."
The address was devoted to a history of
medicine as portrayed by contemporane
ous art. The lecture was illustrated with
stereopticon views of famous medical' and
surgical photographed by Dr.
Rixford during, his recent . trip : abroad. ¦
Medicine in th» Fine Arts.
The absolute confidence which has hith
erto been, placed in Chinese laborers by
the commercial companies and their
agents doing. business In the canneries in
Alaska .is* considerably on the wane. It
has been the custom for years past to ad
vance.- these workingmen , money In sums
ranging from $100 to $150 as soon as they
sign as employes* and .before leaving: for
the fishing ¦ grounds. As a rule the Mon
golians were faithful and, kept their con
tracts, but this year nearly 200 of them
are on the delinquent list, and-the com
panies will lose many thousands of "dol
lars. * In .' some cases the • men are • found
to have signed agreements to , work for
several companies and drew advance
money from each, receiving for. their mis
representation nearly. $600 apiece.
- It is said that a. . poster recently dis
played in Chinatown declaring that every
laborer sailing for Alaska would be inocu
lated with serum caused the wholesale
embezzlement. . Rewards for ; over 100 of
the men will be paid. and announcements
declaring this<fact and displaying pictures
have been I posted In conspicuous places
throughout the Chinese Quarter. 999
CHINESE EMBEZZLE
THOUSANDS IN COIN
Unusual Number of Laborers Who
Received Advance Honey Do
Not Go to Alaska.
The accused policeman denies that h<t
saw Walters pass any money to his vic
tim. His only excuse for not having ar
rested Walters at the time was that Rob
inson refused to appear against him. This
is strenuously denied by. the victim of the
bunko gang. He Bays,lhat he requested
Colen to arrest Walters but he refused
claiming that as he did not witness the
robbery he was powerless to take him into
custody. -
As Robinson could not identify Walters
as being one of the men who • separated
him from his money Chief Sullivan re
leased him on his promise to ¦• find the
guilty parties.
Realizing the lncompolency of Captain
of Detectives Seymour In obtaining, evi
dence against Colen and the band of con
fidence -men- Chief Sui'i van turned < tho
case over to Captain Wittman. The lat
ter, after. satisfying himself that Walters
was the main conspirator, arrested him
and locked him up in the tanks. - ¦ •;¦ •
It was not until one of Seymour's blun
dering sleuths apprised him of the arrest
that tie learned that the robbery had been
committed.
Formal charges of compounding a felony
and neglect of duty in. failing to make, a
written report of the occurrence were
yesterday filed against Policeman Colen,
who is accused by J. A. Robinson, a re
cent arrival from tho interior, of shielding
Harry Walters, the king of bunko men,
end his ilk. Robinson claims that <. after
he had been robbed by the gang Colen, to
whom he. had reported his loss. Induced
Walters to return part of the amount, but
made no effort to arrest the sharpers. He
also failed to report the robbery to his su
perior officers.
Walters, who had been arrested Thurs
day evening, was taken from his cell In
the City Prison to tho office of the Chief
of .Police and there closely questioned.
He at first denied that he knew anything
of the transaction, but finally admitted
that he had represented , himself as At
torney Arthur Mack to Robinson and
after considerable trouble Induced him . to
accept half of the amount he had lost.
Colen, so Walters claims, stood by when,
the money was returned to Robinson. •-.
Policeman Is Accused of
Compounding a Felony
and Dereliction.
FORMAL CHARGES
AGAINST COLEN
A« & tonic, nothing in the world beats Jesse
Moore *'AA" uliiskcy.
He was a brother of Eustace Cullinan,
an attorney at law, and a member of the
reportorial staff of an evening newspaper.
He was 22 years old.
An . examination of, Cullinan's body
showed that his skull was fractured in,
several places and his left . arm was
broken. • ¦ " - . -
a doctor's office in the building, where he
died a short time afterward.
At tho request of his parents his body
was not removed. to the Morgue.
Cullinan fall he' rushed to the window.
Cullinan was hanging on the ledge of the
window, frantically- calling for., help.
O'Grady attempted, to reach for him, hop
ing to; rescue him. "from his /perilous posi
tion, when the unfortunate man's fingers
slipped from the ledge. Instantly his
body shot downward, his head striking
with terrific force on the roof of the Em
porium. The young man was picked up in
a dying condition and hastily removed to
Vincent Cullinan, a law clerk, fell two
stories from a window In the Parrott
building on Market street late yesterday
afternoon and was almost instantly killed;
Alexander O'Grady, a young lawyer,
was in the office at the time, and seeing
Cullinan was visiting his brother's office
In the building, and as he wa3 feeling ill
he raised the window and sat on the sill.
A few minutes later he seemed to lose his
balance and fall through the window. .
Tragic Accident That Cost the Life of Vincent Cull i nan, a Law
Clerk in the Parrott Building.
After the election the* grand exalted
ruler spoke briefly. He said he would re
serve more extended remarks for the ban
quet to be given by the lodge in the Pal
ace Hotel.
There were present 230 members . and
more than forty visitors. Including Grand
Exalted Ruler J. E. Fisher and District
Deputies F. L. Gray and W. P. Kennedy.
The election resulted in the choice of
the following:
Thomas E. Dunne, exalted ruler; Percy
V. Long, esteemed leading knight; An
drew Carrigan, esteemed loyal knight; W.
H. Kent, esteemed lecturing, knight: G. E.
Hunt, treasurer: Herman Kohn. secre
tary; J. P. Broder, tyler; William Jones,
trustee; Theodore F. Bonnet, delegate to
the Grand Lodge, and J. R. Howell, alter
nate. .
There was an exciting election last night
In Elks' Hall for officers of San Francisco
Lodge No. 3, Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks.
Grand Exalted Euler
. Fisher.
San Francisco Lodge Is Visited by
Since he left the East he has visited the
Elks of Denver and Salt Lake. He will
leave on Monday for Los Angeles and will
also visit Sacramento; San Jose and
Stockton before his • return East. While
In Southern California he will Institute
a lodge at Pasadena.
A new lodge is to be formed In Hono
lulu, but Fisher said last night that he
was not certain that he would be able
to pay an official visit to the Hawaiian
Islands. Should he be unable to make the
trip he will be represented by Dr. W. P.
Kennedy of Los Angeles.
ELKS ELECT OFFICERS
FOR ENSUING TERM
Jerome : B. • Fisher, as grand exalted
ruler, -holds the chief office of the Benev
olent and Protective Order of Elks
In \ the world. Fisher is a young
man of pleasing manuers and
great personal magnetism; he has the
reputation of being one of the cleverest
presiding officers ¦ at a clubmen's gather
ing, or as toastmaster at a banquet in
America. Fisher is a county Judge of
Jamestown, N. J. He has served on the
committee on laws. and other Important
positions in the .Grand Lodge of the
Order of Elks for several years.
Jerome B.- Fisher^ grand exalted ruler
of the Elks, arrived here yesterday af
ternoon, accompanied by his wife. He la
a guest at -the Palace. The members of
San Ftancisco Lodge No. 3 of the Elks
had been notified of bis intended visit and
his rooms at the hotel were beautifully
decorated with choice cut flowers In his
honor. After his arrival Exalted Ruler
T. F. Bonnet, Past Exalted Ruler H. S.
Manning and W. P. Lawyer called on him
and extended him a tordial welcome.
Chief Officer, of the Elks
Pays a Visit to the
Local Lodge.
EXULTED RULER
FISHER ARRIVES
DROPPED TO HIS DEATH FROM THE
WINDOW IN HIS BROTHER'S OFFICE
they have the right to alter or reform the
same whenever the public good may re
quire it." •
Some time prior to the institution of the
action Mrs. Sargent prepared her case.
In September. 1S99. she applied to the Reg
istrar for leave to register. He refused
her application on the ground that she
was not a male citizen. On election day
r.he went to a voting booth and demanded
that the right to vote be extended her.
She was refused on the ground that she
was not a male citizen. Karly in. 1900 her
property was assessed and she was com
pelled to pay taxes In, the sum of $440 94.
When she paid the sum named into the
treasury she filed the protest quoted
above. ¦;"'' ' •..* .
agreeing that counsel was right. The
bailiff rapped for order and the argument
continued. . ...
Mr. Sargent said the section of the con
stitution limiting the right of suffrage to
male citizens was in conflict with that
section which states "that all political
power is inherent • in the people." . In
other words, his "point was that •women
are "people" and hence under the consti
tution political power is "inherent" In
them as much, as it is in the other sex.
"Under this reasoning, he contended,, they
should either be given the right to vote
or permission to refuse to pay taxes. He
did not state, however, that if immunity
from taxation was extended to women It
would-be a problem to find a married man
who was not a pauper or a wife without
money.: ; .
a After suggesting 1 ' that the course being
pursued by Mrs. Sargent was not a proper
one; that she should institute mandamus
proceedings against the Registrar to com
pel him to register hex. Instead of suing
for the .return of taxes. Attorney "Walter
Dorn, representing the city and county,
handed the court a list of authorities in
support of his demurrer. This ended his
argument and 'the- case was submitted.
The ladies in the case rounded up the
argument when they reached the corridor
and it is said that some of the more ar
dent stipporters of woman's suffrage
"really" believe they will get a favorable
decision. . : .".
LADIES WHO WANT TO VOTE BECAUSETHEY ARE ASKED TO PAT TAXES GATHER IN FORCE IN JUDGE
SLOSS' COURTROOM TO ARGUE THE MATTER WITH HIS HONOR. A FEW "PRIVILEGED" MEN LOOKED
ON.
The resolution Introduced by. the ma
chinists asking the council to Indorse th**lr
demands for a nine-hour workday was
adopted and the secretary requested to
send a copy of the resolution to the aflil
iated unions.
"The Kqultable Gas Company, having
agreed to comply with the terms of the
Pavers' Union, there will be no further
trouble.
President, . n. . D. McGrath: vice president.
"William Kurlbsum: recording necretary. Wil
liam Garvejr;- financial secretary. John Dall
wln; treasurer. K. Coakley; sergeant at arms.
K Joy; auditing committee— J. Fallon, O.
Thacker and E. Davis: flelepites— William
Icy. William Shad and O. Thacker.
The Shinglers* Union will install newr of
ficers next KYlday nlsht. The ceremony
will be followed by a high Jinks and hop.
The new officers are as iullows:
President, F. It TVehr; vice president. W.
Ttandell: secretary and treasurer. J. Bulllngrr:
bufiinesi agent and recordlnc secretary. Ed
Khrhom Jr.: Benreant at arms. Charles C
¦U'ehr Jr.: delegates— P. S; Hlgrfns. Ed Ehr
tiom and Fred Wehr: bourd of directors— FT«*d
Vehr Jr., F. W. Randell, F. Newman. >I*.
Condroten and William Eybs.
At a meeting of the Bartenders' Union
last nlsht the following officers wcro
elected:
Michael Davock, Richard Raynes an>l
James McCann were admitted to the coun
cil as delegates from the amalgamated
wood workers, a new organization.
At the request of the Hackmen's Union
the secretary of the council was Instruct
ed to send a communication to the BoarJ
of Supervisors protesting against the
passage of the Comic ordinance. The
hackmen claim It provides for an unjust,
unfair and exorbitant taxation. -
By a unanimous vote the support of the
Labor Council was given the Metal Pol
ishers' Union, who are making every ef
fort to secure the enforcement of the
eight-hour law for men of thei^<trade. The
polishers ( expect to commence the eight
hour day next Monday.
. The membership of the Porters' and
Packers' Union Is. now 1735. with 400 appll.
cations on tile. The charter Is closed and
the new members will be initiated Tues
day night.
The electrical workers withdrew their
delegate from the council.
At a meeting- of the Labor Council last
night considerable enthusiasm was dis
played as the various delegates made
their reports. The delegate from the laun
dry workers reported that twelve out of
eighteen firms hsd signed the union agree
ment. The six laundrv firms that have
not Eicmed arc expected to do so in a
short time. It was also reported that ths
troubles between the pavers and their em
ployers had been settled.
From Delegates of Trade Or
ganizations.
One section of the by-laws under con
sideration says that the object of the or
ganization shall be to "enforce a line of
policy as regards all railroad employes
that will do the greatest good to them."
The monthly dues will probably be fixed
at SO cents, in order that all may be en
abled to join even if they are already
members of other unions or brotherhoods.
It Is expected that 700 or 800 will sign
the rolls. ? i;''--
LABOR .UNIONS PROGRESSING.
Council Receives Flattering Reports
A temporary organization was effected,
but it will not be made permanent until
all the other large centers have been vis
ited, which will be done as soon as prac
ticable. .
Then came the line-up. First, the yard
men were singled out and seated, others
followiiiR as fast as the Investigating
committees could pick them out. No one
who failed to pass the scrutiny was al
lowed to remain in the room. The doors
were closed and for nearly three hours
matters were discussed.
The principal point at Issue was the
formation of a union to include all
branches that were represented at th»
meeting and to extend the plan to the
other large railroad centers throughout
the State wtih a view "of resisting," as
one speaker put it. "the threatened in
crease in hours of labor and decrease in
pay." Many of the remarks of the speak
ers were loudly applauded.
• "We don't want this matter to get into
the papers," said the organizer of the
movement. "We don't want big scare
headlines to proclaim to the public and
our employers what we are going to do.
"Let the freight clerks, the men from
the ticket auditor's office, the yardmen,
the switchmen and the other branches
present select and pass upon the creden
tials of the men with whom they arc ac
quainted." .
Great care was exercised that none but
railroad men should be admitted. As soon
as the hall was filled the men were lined
up on one side of the room.
Fully 500 employes of the Southern Pa
cific Company, mainly drawn from the
men employed in the yards and offices at
Fourth and Townsend streets, met last
night at Pythian Castle to form a union
for mutual protection and to arrange to
resist the increase in hours and decrease
in • pay which seems to be threatening
them.
"Captain" Frank E. Webb, the well
known traveling: man for Murphy. Grant
& Co., and renowned as a "bon vivant"
¦ nd entertainer. Is no longer a represen
tative for the big dry goods house, and.
but for the aid of friends, a charge of
using the firm's money would have been
placed against him on the blotter of the
Police Department, within the past few
days.
\\>bb. who is known to have a "cham
pagne appetite on a beer Income," has
fallen from srace on account of lavish at
tention to the fair sex. and to one par
licular demoiselle from San Jose.
<Tb«? first intimation received by Murphy,
Grant & Co. that their debonair repre
sentative had "gone wrong" was when
the Snn sent a bill for fifteen hundred odd
dollars to a customer In San Jose. Word
was quickly eent back that the amount
had been paid. Investigation showed that
Webb had secured sundry sums from the
San Jore customer, invariably giving his
personal receipt for the money. On one
occasion be had eigned his name for $2S5
"per Murphy. Grant & Co.," and this
transaction gave the big dry goods house
a. chance for action.
The San Jose customer was called into
consultation and Webb was given the al
t^raative of settling or being prosecuted.
Murphy. Grant & Co. yesterday received
SCS5 from Webb's friends, but the San
Jose customer, at the last moment, de
rlined to make a settlement for the money
it had advanced Webb on the supposition
that he was making collections for his
r-mploy*-rs. Webb and his friends are
wondering what the San Jose people In
tend 10 do. Meanwhile Pinkerton detec
tives are chaperoning Webb around the
••r*d light" district.
W^bb is well known in theatrical circles.
l!r has Kiven many gay supper parties to
ladies of the ballet and actresses in a
<-ozy flat on California street, near Powell.
.Webb lias military tastes, and dozens of
liis lady friends cherish his photos taken
a la militaire. Webb's stories that he
fought through the Cuban war are fic
tions, and those who know him laugh at
tlie "scars" he was so fond "of showing
as having been received from the Span
ish enemy.
Webb belongs to a good family In San.
Jose, and he recently receded word that
political influence had secured for him a
lieutenancy in the regular army. In the
faco of Webb's recent escapade, it is not
thought likely that President McKinley
will recommend him to wear the shoulder
straps of an officer in the army.
Traveling Man Discharged
by Murphy, Grant and ;
Company.
"CAPTAIN" WEBB
IS IN DISGRACE
El leri G. SiargeHt, Through Her Counsel, Presents Her
Views oh Inherent Rights of Women.
OBJECTS TO PAYING TAXES
UNLESS PERMITTED TO VOTE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SATURDAY; MARCH «O, 1!K)1.
14
P. BOSCOR JleXULTV, II. D.
Q&H JJLcaray su Ban FrsncUce, Gal-
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Corded Belts, IUf E D1TS Fancy Ribbons
25c. 15c.
SPECIAL PRICES
TO-DAY FOR CHILDREN'S CONFIRMATION DRESSES.
By buying to-day you not only get these dresses at a special price, but you
get first choice of the prettiest dresses ever shown. They are specially designed
.for. the coming, Easter celebration, and made of the finest lawns. India linens and
organdies, at prices from
$/;5O TO $p.OO.
T^^If^J 1180 8howlngr the m08t exquisite effects in • CHILDREN'S • HATS and
BONNETS at popular prices, from -
5Oc TO S3.QO.
Before buying see our prices and sty/es. We'll save you money.
Hosiery; Sale,. 'Children's Pique Coats and
Our hosiery department Is always ' : . n "'
crowded, but to-day. we'll beat the rec- I.9DQC
ord.: Will sell our regular 35c Richelieu . UQUBOi
ribbed Hosa. silkand lisle fln- 1 i% _. ,„ '
ish— only 50 dozen to offer, so |U A we 11 > save you from one-fourth to
come early If you want them— I ft I. - one-half on these Roods, as we make
at per pair '.. ;....:.... .:. IUU them In our own factory, saving: you
. • -..¦¦¦ -. the middle man's profit. Our garments
One Underwear Special. SSiS gl 95
Women's BALBRIGGAN #%A wide embroidery, at...... WII4V
or GRAY KNIT. VESTS. In H fin ;
all sizes. A good 35c quality.' /III.-
1Mb: One Skirt Special.
something Entirely New m ;
Women's Waists. Mif^^'^lOC
Made, with .bolero and ifc | aft
full blouse effect. Come ll.| K U 1 n • 1.
In newest shades. Worth -Tk I ILIi A^liflrQPl SflPfl 3
$2.60.: Our price........ VII ¦ U . « UUIOCt- OJJCulQli
WHITE I.AWN, WAISTS, neatly Thomson or R & G - iki aa
tucked front and back and inserted STRAIGHT FRONT 01 fl fi
wlthvfour rows of embrold- " A ft CORSET- a cood $150 A I 1 1 1 1
ery.- -bishop,- sleeves QllA quility^onsale^to-day Ol I.U U
elsewhere -. at . tl.50: .. our Jl fill
price ............................... UUU
WAISTSilimade or finest .white or- A Wfirfl FrfilTI PlIT MllSllli UliCffir-
gandy. beautifully trim- A A r t% H IIUIU IIUIII LUI inUdllll.UIIUCI
med; just the; waist for < ill" . J l%|| ¦„«». n»»«i»««»»
Easter; worth $6.00; our A J ¦¦ JJ II WeaF DjBpartinSn It
"¦¦¦¦" ' :-. we're manufacturers of these goods,
ll/nmnn'n lllrnnnArn you therefore .can buy this line from
WOfliBli S W idDDBlS. us better and cheaper than elsewhere.
IIUIIIUII O IllUp^blOi A call wtll convince you to this ef-
Mado of best percale, all col- ft ft feet. ON SALE TO-DAY. , Nipht
ors, latest styles/lined 11 U A Gowns at 3l)c. 4Sc, 74c. J)0c,
throughout, sizes 32 to 48, on rlfll. »1.U.'?.. Drawers, 10c, U3e. llllc,
sale at........................... UUU 40o..7ae.
MAIL. ORDERS RECEIVED.
1212-1214 MARKET STREET;
BETWEEN TAYLOR AND JONES. .
Td==day, Fine Underwear Values.
For Ladies and Children.
There is no doubt about the quality; no question about
the price. These four items are the strongest values we <;ould
find. They illustrate as no written words can — our leadership.
For Boys, 25c— Natural gray balbriggan shirts or drawers, light, sum-
mer w«ight, well made and finished, sizes 6 to 14.
Ladles' Lisle Thread Equestrienne Drawers, 50c — Jersey ribbed, sum-
mer weight; nicely finished with covered seams and ribbon draw string at ths
waist — in colors, ecru, white or black.
Ladies' Silk-Plated Vests, $1.OO — Fine quality, summer weight, in
three styles:- • High-necked long sleeves, or high necked short sleeves, or low
necked and long sleeves.- Colors flesh, blue and white.
Ladies' Silk- Plated Union Suits, $1.5O — Fine quality; correct in cut
and size; handsomely finished with covered seams, pearl buttons down the
front. Colors flesh, blue and white. Long sleeves, low neck. Those with
high neck and long or short sleeves... $1.75
Easter Hats==Fixin^s.
Come to-day and see this great millinery store at its best.
Easter beauty, is rampant. THE STYLES ARE THE BEST
iWE'VE EVER SHOWN— the handiwork of picked design-
ers. Whether you choose a Paris model or one of the most in-
expensive, you've best choice, here. Most selling is of
Hats at $5.00, $10 00 and $i5.oo.
But to Walking Hats— you can't find a broader, better choosinsr anywhere.
• 50c— A chic walking hat in natural, and black velvet bound and band.
$1.25— Ladies' rough straw street hat, trimmed with a silk scarf.
$1.75— Rough straw- sailor, silk-trimmed; also straw quill and buckle.
One of the swellest hats on the street.
Shirt Waists To-Day
'¦'Si ' Four Unusual Offerings.
You- can't find prettier or snappier styles anywhere than these—
they were made to our order and they were made for no one else. \Vhat'»
better still.
Such Prices Are Unheard of in San Francisco.
Buying as we do (for six busy stores) we've a grip on the market that
well nigh baffles competition. Think of getting for
65c— A White Lawn Waist, worth $1.25.
and it's not skimped in a single olace— quality and service and style are
as truly there as if you paid $1.23. Made fine white lawn, with tucked front
and back; other style has two rows insertion, with dozen tucks in front — soft
cuffs — all sizes .65c
Percale Waists for 50c— Pink, blue and hello: pretty, stylish stripes, made with
s French seams throughout, new soft cuffs, sixes 33 to 44.
Fine Percale Waists 75c— Stripes and solid colors, blouse front. French seams
throughout, pearl buttons, pink, blue and ox blood, new soft cuffs, all sizes.
Percale and Madras Waists 95c— Fine assortment of stripes and solid colors.
All fine- new goods. -Bof t cuffs, styles and colorings the very latest, all sizes.
Another Sale of Ice-Cream Chocolates.
Put up In 5-oz. boxes.
Large, luscious droos of sweetness, richly flavored from the pure straw-
berry juice. Our candy is as pure and wholesome as if you made it yourself.
We do it — we know it is.
---Vt.'*-- . . Martcet Street, near ftbtth. opp. Golden Gate are.
tllfpil ThB Britishers
ii /* fi 1 fiTlfw Have set the pice on smart hats
' ml if %|iJFl I '1 " U this season., The newest is
55 **^^^^^^^ c^ pidurz opposite. It's
CV^iK^J^^^^^^^fr 'vkjfj^ quite a sinirth'ti— quite "chic,"
r i%^l(^^^^^^^C w? ' M-'« Jjfc'sy sau— becoming to most
*• '^^M^^^^^^^li'^^v n7t^ "if- /i'^ ?nade in, Jiigh-
i '^i^^^^^^^^*^5) / .4 grade stock. We shall show it
IjIlW^iiBISfn^-^^^ to-day in our popular Hat D:-
I lil y///// <po.UU.
\\\ Y«f* /// ///// IN BLACK ONLY, LINED WITH
1 V SFwvT** A I II / / BLACK SATIN.
CAN'T WE FILL A MAIL ORDER F^ R YOU?
I 3 I B F Jr *3£ J k£ w I *"5S T V C iff Eg FS fcg R^
Butter fernery per square 32ic
nebular 40c.
Eggs, Best City per dozen 15c
Sardines, in Tomato Sauce tin 10c
Regular lie "Underwoods."
Granges, Best Navels perdoz 25c
Regular SCe.
Mackerel, Salt, i£? each 10c
Regular 15c.
Maple Syrup, Canadian TF n GBl -6:c
Regular Gc. • -
Cheese, Best Eastern per Ib. Wd
Rrgular 2Zc.
Listerine large bottle 6^c
Email 20c
Wafers, tes&k. tin 25c
Refulir 20c. All flavors.
Fimolas Olives, Stuffed, 3b3 & 50c
rtfgular 29c per bottle, with peppers.
Cowentrae *%{£* Whiskey $1,05
Itcgular %l 23 prr bottle. ¦
Cushendale ¦£& Whiskey $1.00
Ilogular $1 r» per- bottle. *
Anchovies, l^i't per lb, 35c
- Hcsular tOc. -
' - 10 per cent DISCOUNT on all KITCHEN
UTENSILS and HOUSEHOLD GOODS.
BIBO, NEWMAN& IKENBER6,
; POLK STREET.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WIJ|J>K>'O WN AND RF.LrABLE OLD
6p«da.!iitteurer Blood Poison, tionorrbcea.Glfrt,
Ptrlctu"-', Krmlna.1 Weakness, Impotence aud tbeir
ellled Olsordert. Rook on Diseases of Meit, frea,
O»r r2)re«r*>xp*r'fnce.T*rnn reaMnable. Honra,
r to2(:».::y:e;3o tnj. sjcT'c^.snndnrs. into i:. o>n=ui-
tctioDlreeandaacredlT'conCdeDUal. Call or address
SfECEAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
Granulated Best Cana Sugar. . .19 lbs. $1.00
Extr* Dry Spreckels Reflnlnr.
Finest -CrcamoT-'lftzttcrv-TrTT-— ScpzsrBSOc
Cood Butter Is a delicacy and can oaty b*>
obtained at bl* prices. W« »lve tie best
and ask th« leait. Try *nd be convinced.
Best Mission Eggs Dozen 17|c
"What is best is best at all times. Our
Eggs are sathered dally.
Eastern Bncfcwheat Flour. . .NMb. Sack 30c
D«er Creek Brand. Resnl&r 60c
Orange Marmalade .3 Cans 25c
A breakfast appetizer. "Reg. 15c T.
Cream Pnre Rye Whisiey . . Quart Bot $1.00
Unusual Bargain. Reg-. $t 50.
Extra Table 710113-.-.-.-. ; . ;--. .3 Cans 50c
Peaches. Pears, Apricots. Re*. Oc.
Stryker's Kitchen Soap 7 Cakes 25c
Best Sand Soap. Reg. Sc caka.
GhirardWs Groand Chocolate. .1-Ib. Can 25c
Regular 30c can.
White Adriatic Figs 10-Ib. Box 50c
Extra choice. Regular 73c
Ghirardefli's Cocoi. . . ..... .^-Ib. Can 20c
Regular Z>c can.
Choice Family Floor 50-Ib. Sack 75c
Regular Soc.
Old Government Whiskey. ..Quart Bot. 90c
Regular $1 23.
Perfect Bleaching Soap 15 Bars 50c
Kins of ail ioap.
Mackerel ft ££*& Sauca Can 12£ o
Regular :0c can.
F. le Court French Mushrooms .... Can 22£j
Imported. Regular 30c.
Martin's Eastern Cream Cheesa Ib. 15c
Regular 25c lb.
Jesse Moore A.A. Whiskey 90c
Regular $115.
Sapolio 4 Cakes 25c
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage- of the "Special" tales.
*We ship fr«« of charge -within 100 miles on
all orders exceeding IS. Ask for monthly
pries list. frea.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. 293. No Branch Store*.
ffiSpK^"" SAME SHAPlT^^5B ' - . sPl
PS^. \r Jfel
j r^!S£$8k BOTTLE LURES
: / tSUIs mcburney'8
¦/? *^y Kidney*g£'#£ r
bJ <rW *. thorough euro lor
p\ I. P*ins In the back,
VTV bricht '9 DISEASE^
r -»O l V 2* rj^ female) trouble*, ineon-
tiuanco of urlno, brlct tlnst deposits, bod-
wetting of children, gravel, gaU ltOM%
dropsr. diabetes, and rheumatism.
¦ FOR ; SALE AT
No Percentage X>rug Co.. 349-951 Market
it.: Dahlbender Drus; Co.. :u Kearny it.
Send 2$c In 2c stamps to W. F. McSurney,
418 8. Spring St.. I.os Angeles. Cat., for 3
days' treatment. Prepaid $1 50. Druggists.
CAFE ROYM §%sfjs
valises checked ire*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hale'a.
Sale's.