. BOLINAS, : June < 24.— Mrs. , Ramona
IBrlones Munos died ; here s to-day, at the
age ..of ,107. ;j She was - a 'native, of . • San
• Diego.' - The funeral , will be • held on WVed-
I nesday. • . '• ' ' '
Dies \ at; Ag» ¦' of 107.
Continued on Page Two.
TEDERAL GOVERNMENT
SUES SENATOR CLARX
HELENA. Mont., June ' 24.— United
States Attorney Rogers to-day began ac
tion in the Federal Court* against Senator
W. A. Clark, in which the Government
seeks to have set aside patents for about
10,000 acres of valuable land now under
control of the Senator. The Government
claims that the lands were taken up with
in the last three years under the timber
and Etone act by persons who, contrary
to law, filed on them for speculative pur
peses and knowing that. they expected to
dispose of them to Senator Clark or his
&£rente. The lands involved are all in Mls
eoula County.
The Secretary told Paymaster Martin
that he was guilty of a serious offense
committed In violation of law and regula
tion. "The acts charged," said the Sec
retary, "were, in fact, an appropriation
to your own use of public money held
by you In trust. It was not even a case
cf money due you, but not yet payable.
Had you died or otherwise left the service
there would have been a shortage. That
you had resources or funds elsewtiere at
your command to make it good Is of no
consequence." '¦_ -¦
Appropriates to Sis Own Personal
Use Public Money Held by Him
in Trust.
WASHINGTON", June 24.— Secretary
Long to-day administered a stinging rep
rimand to Paymaster John R. Martin,
United States navy, who pleaded guilty to
a charge of *candalouB conduct based
upon his action In using Government
funds for personal purposes.
HAVY PAY3OASTEB MARTIN
SEVERELY REPRIMANDED
.'> The 'President , expressed regret at hav
ing disappointed' the Chicago people, arid
said : he would be^ glad; to attend \hat , big
banquet some Mtime'in ¦ the future, i but he
did 'not believe It could be this year. He
Is planninsr. to make a trip to the North
west early, next-. summer, visiting Wash-
S5^^0T.e^onyand^^^no%KemjfibS£fb1t
States', j taking ] in ;the ¦ Yellowstori "¦_ Park,
which h'e-has^riever. seen.:^He-told Foster
he would'. prefer^ to have' the Chlcago'date
lef t • openVf or j the present, ; and ¦ if possible
fitted ' into \ that" tour.' as ¦ it t was originally
planned '.'ItV should be ¦ on his -return : tr'aiu
the 'Paclfio; Coast. "' ' - . ' ; s
j CALL BUREAU, i 1406 G 5 STREET, | N.
W., WASHINGTON, '' June ¦ 24.^Volney
Foster, -president of- the Union League
Club of Chicago, ; to-day invited President
McKlnley to' fix 1 a ( new.date for the big
banquet .which was to have : been given
him cnTls return v from the'Paciflc Coast
by- the Union . League. Club,' the .Illinois
Manufacturers' "'Association and theBusi
nessMen's League. . Foster, speaking for.
tho three organizations, said they hoped
to have^.the pleasure, of entertaining '-the
President, some tlmenext fall.., •....
Special : Dispatch ' to '. The Call.
Included.
Washington, Oregon - and the
Yellowstone x Kr& to Be
Intends - to: Visit States
; > m : the Northern
PRESIDENT
PLANS TOUR
NEXT YEAR
OFFICIALS : WHO FIGURE IN
THE RELIEF OF SUFFERERS
FROM THE FLOOD.
that the State Anti-Saloon League Is
making against the renomination of Lieu
tenant Governor Caldwell because of his
alleged championing of certain liquor lri
tervdts during the past year. The. issue
against Caldwell seems to be an open one
tp-night. : •-.; .,..¦.;'¦¦'¦.
Senators Foraker and Hanna were loud
ly cheered as they came upon . the con
vention platform together. Nearly. all the j
Ohio Republican Congressmen and "mem- I
bers of the Legislature and other. leaders !
were seated upon the platform,- over" j
which were displayed the portraits of
Governor Nash and Senators Foraker arid j
Hanna. ' . '-¦¦'¦'*^
Senator Foraker was Introduced as
temporary chairman of the- convention.'
He was enthusiastically received. Senator
Foraker's speech was frequently Inter
rupted with demonstrations of approval,
notably when he said the flag would stay
wherever it had been planted. ../ ¦
Foraker upheld every act of the admin
istration, particularly in reference to the
policy of expansion and the government
of insular possessions. " >; f v j
• The committee on permanent organiza- j
tion then selected Senator Hanna for per
manent chairman and continued the rest
of the temporary organization. Senator
Hanna will address the convention on
taking the chair to-morrow. . The new
State committee was organized with P.
W. Durr as chairman and Martin Slater
as secretary. ' !.*^I ; "\-
Lleutenant Governor Caldwell. caused
quite a stir to-night. by announcing that
he would not be a candidate for renom
ination. ¦ ;' : - r Ki-_ .'-
The representatives of the brewers ex
press their displeasure at what they call
the enforced retirement of Caldwell and
the recent defeat of State Senator Seiber
and others for -renomination> while j the
author of the Clark local option law has
been renominated in Columbus for Rep-*
resentative. When Caldwell declined re
nomination George B. Cox, chairman of
the Hamilton County delegation, suggest
ed State; Senator Carl Nippert of Cincin
nati to a conference of the leaders, and
there is I now: no doubt . that Senator N!p
pert will be nominated for, Lieutenant
Governor. Nippert was formerly princi
pal' of v schools at Cincinnati and after
ward Police Prosecutor. , . J
Forecast of. the Ticket. *
A forecast of the ticket indicates the
following: ' ' . '
-Governor— George K.' Nash. r. ','..' ¦ -
Lieutenant Governor— Carl L. Nippert.
Supreme JudceWV. L. Crew. .-¦: :_> ;
Clerk of Supreme Court— A.- W. Critch
field; ¦-'¦-¦¦'- : ' : -¦• :'' v ".^::^- .:'.-¦ .- <
Attorney General— J. : A. Sheets...: .:.' '-.'...
State, Treasurer— J.;-B. .Cameron. '
Member of Board of Public Works— W.
G.V Johnson. .
Lloyd, A; Turner of San Francisco
:- : Quietly' Marries Belle o£; \ .""- I
-• Virginia.
• WASHINGTON, June 24.— Rather, un
usual ocurrences ' attended the .wedding
here of Lloyd A. Turner, a wealthy young
man of San* Francisco, and Adeline K,
Mayo, a belle of Richmond, Va. Accom
panied by a friend" i of the! groom, ./ the
young couple, who, it is said, had only
known each other! brie week, went to the
home of the : clerk of the r Supreme : Court
of the District, of Columbia, at 9:30 o'clock
Thursday night and induced him to go to
his 'office and 'Issue them" a marriage li
cense. Equipped with this Instrument, the
party was rapidly driven > to" the residence
Of the^Rey. 'John M.Schick, who solemf
riized : the marriage. Mr. ' and •. Mrs. Turner
sailed last Saturday for Europe. Turner
and - his -mother \ have resided .here! for
some time past, - the latter having : been
anxious' to ; get her son ! a commission in
the navy." .The young man is quite wealthy.
His legal -home is in San Francisco. Mrs.
Turner • is f a 'I daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Gebrge:M/ Mayo: of. Richmond. A report
is current that Miss Mayo was engaged to
a New* Yorker,' and that ; she came here to
avoid the marriage. 7; , .
WASHINGTON WEDDING-,,
SETS GOSSIPS. TALKING
LONDON, June 24.— A special from
Craddock, Cape Colony," . says:
The detachment of the Colonial
Mounted Rifles, which was- -at-.
. tacked by the Boers at Water
kloof June 20, 'was pursuing, Commandant
Malan, when General .Kritzinger surprised
the Rifles' camp at -Water kloof while 'the
Colonial troopers* were : saddling, up. j . The
fight lasted -two and a half hours. ' .
Colonial Secretary Chamberlain has sig
nalized, his recovery from an attack- of
gout arid hisiresumption_Df his"' duties, by
telegraphing, to .' the • Unionist ;;. candidate
for Stratford: -," - ¦{ * .
"I hope the electors will:remember : that
a seat lost to the Government is still a
Beat gained by ( the Boers/'i thus repeating
the dictum which . earned ;him;!unllnitted
abuse at the. time; of the last election. I
Lessons of Transvaal War. . .'
¦ > • ¦ ¦ . "j ¦ ¦ - ¦ • - • .
I An interesting paper, written by - Jean
de Bloch," the Russian: Councilor of State
and member of the Russian Ministryof
Finance, on the lessons -of- the Transvaal
war, was read at the United Service Insti
tution, to-day. M. de Bloch declared -that
Fight Against Caldwell.'
The State Committee flghy having been
settled, , the interest to-night centers; in
the platform to be reported and the fight
attend the convention. His friends gave
some very pointed reasons for his ab
sence. , .
The Hanna men have never before been
atje to control the party organization In
the Columbus district, but to-day they' se
cured everything.
It was thought after the Cuyahoga
County Convention in Cleveland last week
that Senator Hanna would not get the
solid support of his home delegation, but
he secured both of the State committee
men in the Twentieth and Twenty -first
districts. *'
While the Hanna leaders were making
their fight for State committeemen they
did not overlook the committee on cre
dentials, and it is assured to-night. that
none of the'Daugherty men.who are here
as contesting delegates, can be seated.
Hanna's Sweeping Victory.
Ex-Governor Bushnell had been elected
as a delegate and had been made chair
man of the Clark County delegation, but
at the meeting of the delegates of his dis
trict it was announced that he would not
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 24.— The
Republican State Convention to
nominate candidates for Governor
and other State officers met here
this afternoon. The feature of
the brief session -was the speech of United
States Senator Foraker, the temporary
chairman. After he had spoken and the
several committees had been appointed
the convention adjourned until to-morrow
morning. 'The vital issue to-day was not
in the convention proper, but was in the
election of a State Central Committee,
when the delegates representing each of
the twenty-one Congressional districts
met separately and a committeeman ,was
named for each district. The result was
a decided victory for the so-called Hanna
men, for they made a clean sweep, con
trolling districts that heretofore have
been dominated by the "Insurgents." The
result Insures the election of'Congress
man Dick as chairman of the State Ex
ecutive Committee. Charles Foster, ex-
Secretary of the Treasury, ex-Governor,
ex-Congressman Mid for many years / a
delegate at large to national conventions,
was defeated for member of the State
Central Committee from, the Thirteenth
District, because cf his opposition to Sen
ator Hanna. After his defeat Foster ve
hemently addressed the delegates of his
district on cliques and intrigues and on
the dangers of "local Imperialism."
r- ROME, June •24.— Ah \unexploded ¦ bomb
has" been .found . In. a, rSlroad carriage in
which two _Prlnces : of the House of Mon
tenegro have been traveling in Italy. '". \
Bomb Intended for a Prince.
: WASHINGTON,; June 24.— For the first
time .' since, she, was brought home . from
California : in a ¦ feeble condition Mrs. Mc-
Kinley was able to go downstairs and join
the" > President while the • latter was . at
luncheon. remained at the table for
seme little time and then returned to her
room, having enjoyed the break in the
daily/routine of llfe^for the past month.
Mrs. " McKinley's < condition continues .fa-,
vorable. .;!' - '-.'." '. - ; , .- ¦ .• .
Mrs. McKinley Greatly Improved.
Over 300 cattle were stifled In their pens
at the stock yards. 1 Several hundred cat
tle,; hogs and sheep were also taken out
dead'from the cars. on In-comlng trains.
: CHICAGO, June 24.— Two deaths and
eleven prostrations, ; of which several are
serious, wore . the result • of -the heat in
Chicago to-day. The dead: : .;-^' :
GEORGE WILEY, prostrated while at
work in a. foundry. . i
.FRITZ AERAMSEN; inmate. of Dun
ning), succumbed during the night.
George ; Wiley, One of the Victinu,
Succumbs While at Work in ¦ .
; a Foundry. <
SEVERAL DEATHS FROM
. THE HEAT AT CHICAGO
mining the enemy's position. This was
not -attributable to British defective re
connaissance, but to the new conditions
of war. It was not mistakes made by the
British : nor the qualities of the Boera,
who had. shown an entire lack of rational
strategy, and tactics, which produced the
results seen, but smokeless powder and
long; range quick-firing . rifles, which in
volved dispersion and invisibility to a de
gree unheard of formerly and to the possi
bility of providing riflemen with a larger
number, of cartridges. The action of the
artillery In. South Africa had been gen
erally absolutely contemptible against an
entrenched' enemy.
One . of the most remarkable features
was the constant impossibility of deter-
Due . to New Conditions.
the South African war had proved] that
military service, 1 as practiced to-day, was
absurd,: and- that the sacrifice made on
the Continent to support conscription was
unnecessary, y 'The war showed that the
theatrical '.• spectacles : called maneuvers
were 'In no way related to real warfare.
and I Fierce Fighting Lasts Two
and a Half Hours*
Pursuing Column Is ; Surprised by the Boers
KRITZINGER ATTACKS
THE BRITISH TROOPS
HANNA MEN CONTROL
REPUBLICANS OF OHIO
Opening of the State Convention Marked by
the Defeat of "Insurgents" and a JRinging
Speech by Senator Forak^v
committee. He has been denounced by
State encampments of the Grand Army
cf the Republic In every State where the
veterans have recently met."
"If Mr. Evans should be reappolnted I
think it would be fatal. If, after his re
sppcintmer.t, I should dare to appear be
fore an audience in which old soldiers
predominated. I know that I should be
hissed from the platform. I cannot think
that the President will reappoint him
after the assurance given by the national
Reappointment Would Be Fatal.
"It has been said," added the general,
"that pension agents have been responsi
ble for the opposition to Mr. Evans. This
is not true, for I know that the opposition
comes directly from the soldiers. Pension
agents would have no object in making
any criticisms. They receive their fees
and they h2\e no further interest Jf they
collect the $10 or more which they earn.
"The present laws were passed to make
good the promise made by President Lin
coln, when he raised the armies. " The
promise was that the families of the men
who died or were injured in the cause of
the republic should be cared for and sup
ported. That promise should be written
In letters of gold on the walls of the pen
sion office.
"I think the announcement had much
to do with the re-election of President Mc-
Klnley. Veterans greatly disliked Mr. Ev
ans. He is an honest man, I have no
doubt, but his policy has not been in ac
cord with the broad and liberal ideas of
the men who framed the pension laws.
In letters of Gold.
munication public without the consent of
the committee, of which Senator Harma
was then chairman. Z was able to say
on the platform and In private conversa
tion that Mr. Evans would not again be
selected, and I think that announcement
had effect, especially in Xebraska, Kan
sas. Indiana, Ohio, West Virginia and Illi
nois, where the old soldiers have a great
influence. ¦ • - - - • '
derstanding- that I might say to the old
soldiers that A. T r. Evans would not again
be appointed. I had the promise of the
committee and tirit assurance was given
to me in ¦writing. It ¦would not be becom
ing in me to make -he text of the com-
NEW TORK. June 24.— General Daniel
E. Sickles confirmed to-day Corporal Tan
ner's statement that a promise was made
last September by the National Republi
can Committee that H. Clay Evans should
not be reappolnted Commissioner of Pen
sions.
"It tras the understanding," said the
general to a Call correspondent, "that Mr.
Hvaris •was not to be again appointed com
missioner. When I v.-ent West in the fall
of last year It was with the distinct un-
Special Di»r«tch to The jCall.
Grand Army Men Have the Written
Promise of tne Republican.
National Committee.
General Sickles Confirms the
Statement Made by Cor
poral Tanner.
Reappointment Will Not
Be Given the Pension
Commissioner.
VETERANS TO
SECURE CLAY
EVANS' SCALP
The List of . Missing and Reported
Drowned Foots Up 249.
BLUEFIELD, W. Va., June 24.— Details
of the fearful flood in the Pocahontas Ilat
top I region are slowly drifting Into this
town, which is situated twenty-five miles
south'of the scene of wrecked homes, and
fully bear out the fears early entertained
as to the havoc wrought by the storm.
Fifty dead bodies have been found. Thou
sands of people are homeless and it is
feared that many are without food, or at
the best with only food enough to last a
few days. The work of establishing rail
road communication is being pushed with
vigor. There is little hope of sending tha
sufferers succor until railroad connection
is restored. Men are at work clearing
away. the debris and recovering the bodies
of {he dead. The dead are being aug
mented hourly. Relief trains are running
between this city and the edge ¦ of tha
stricken district and everything possible
is being done to relieve the suffering, and
destitution. The latest estimate is that It
will take ten days to repair the track. In
formation from the Tug River district is
to the effect that the damage to the coal
operations there is not great, but that the
lumber Interests have suffered consider
ably. . >'
Like the Johnstown Flood.
; Over a hundred miles of track belonging
to' the various coal operators are practi
cally .lost. The rails are bent and twisted
like wires. Even the heavy girders of the
collapsed railroad bridges were rendered
useless. The. force of the flood Is better
understood when it is explained that by
reason of a long fall and a low Iron bridge
i some distance up the valley the flood was
dammed and a monster body of water ac
cumulated, probably as large a volume as
was contained in the famous dam at
Johnstown. -When this obstruction gave
way it let down a great flood on the vil
lages and mining camps below.
It is reported that Dr. Hatfleld, a promi
nent physician and a kinsman of the fam
ous feudlsts of this section of Kentucky,
was 'compelled to shoot two negro plun
derers who were robbing defenseless flood
sufferers. The negroes were George Wade
and Alexander Watts, . both desperate
characters.
The % slowness of recovery of bodies is
because the corpses of the missing are
hidden In mammoth piles of debris. Some
of these piles are thirty feet high and
cover in some instances as much as a half
acre of ground, and it Istne work of days
to search through them.' It has bee« sug-
. "The best information is that sixty peo
ple were drowned In the North Fork of
the Elkhorn. Property loss, about $300,000.
The Norfolk and Western Railroad suf
fered severely in tracks and trestles. Ex
pect to be open for traffic some time
Wednesday if we have no storms."
•FIFTY BODIES RECOVERED.
.'A telegram this afternoon dated Ennis,
W. Va., from General Manager Johnson
of- the Norfolk' and Western Railway,
five, and the damage to property, includ
ing repairs to the railroad and coal opera
tions, will not exceed $500,000. It Is ex
pected the rail-way -will get a line opened
through to-morrow or next day."
the- coal fields was exaggerated. The loss
of life will not exceed sixty or seventy-
great. Governor White added: "Any out
side aid had best be in money, and can
be. sent to the adjutant general at
Charlestown, or to any bank cashier at
Bluefield. Thousands of miners are home
less."
ROANOKE. Va., June 24.— The following
.statement, made ; to-night, by one of the
general officers of the Norfolk and'West
ern Railway summarizing the flood situa
tion In the light of the latest dispatches,
was given to the Associated Press:
I of the telegraph lines de
velops, that the damage by. flood through
retary of State and other officials, Gov
ernor "White issued an appeal to the citi
zens of West Virginia for contributions
in aid of the flood sufferers in the Flat
Top coal . region. The Governor states
that, while' he Is yet without definite' In
formation, it is certain that an appalling
disaster has overtaken the people of that
region, and that aid will be required to
care for the sick and destitute and bury
the dead. ' Generous gifts of money and
needed supplies are urged.
In response to a message from Governor
Nash of Ohio, asking whether assistance
would be needed, Governor White replied
that be hoped for definite information
from the stricken region to-morrow, but
that the. suffering would undoubtedly be
CHARLESTOWN, W. Va., June 24.—
After a conference to-night. -with the Sec-
Difficulty in Securing Details of tha
Appalling Disaster, WhicH Vis-
X'tl ited a Wide Section.
Governor Issues an Appeal
for Contributions to Aid
Sufferers. ¦
i Number Who Perished
* May Not Exceed
Sixty.
LOSS OF LIFE
NOT SO GREAT
AS RE PORTED
APPALLING DESOLATION AND DEATH
IN THE WAKE OF WEST VIRGINIA'S FLOOD
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SA!N^:FRA<NCiSCO r^
VOLUME XC— NO. 25.
says:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.SANTA CRTJZ, Province of Laguna
P. I., June 24.— When General
Cailles surrendered to-day with 650
men and 500 rifles he entered Santa
Cruz to the music of native bands,
•which were drawn up in six lines in the
churchyard. Cailles^and his staff entered
the church, where mass was celebrated '
by Chaplain Hart, of the Eighth United
States Infantry- The column passed in re
view before the United States army head
quarters with arms at port, . returned to
the lnclosure, where they surrendered
their rifles and received receipts entitling
them to 30 pesos each. All the receipts
were deposited in the hands of Cailles
and his officers, Cailles insisting that the
arms were not being: sold, but belonged to
the revolutionary government and that
the proceeds must go to the widows and
orphans. During the surrender of arms
Cailles and his staff, who were outside the
inciosure, wept.
The officers afterward walked to head
quarters, where Cailles tendered his sword
to General Sumner, who gallantly handed
it back General Sumner also handed
LEADER OF THE FILIPINO INSURGENTS IN LAGUNA PROVINCE
WHO, WITH HIS FOLLOWERS. HAS SURRENDERED TO GENERAL
SUMNER AND TAKEN THE OATH OF ALLEGIANCE.
HIGH OFFICER OF THE ARMY
NOW HERE EN ROUTE TO
THE PHILIPPINES.
Congressman Julius Kahn, accompanied
by his wife, will be a passenger on the
Hanccck. He will be gone about three
months and will make a study of the
country. ¦ ' ij'.*
Brigadier General J. F. Weston of the
commissary department will also be a.
passenger. He is on a tour of inspection
and will make a full report at Washing
ton when he returns.
bin. Senator Deitrich is ex-Governor of
Nebraska and was appointed Senator
upon the failure of the Legislature to
elect. He says he iV wishes to visit the
Philippines and secure a thorough con
ception of the islands before taking his
seat.
SAN BERNARDINO. June 24.— Thomas
Lynn, 40 years old, was found dead in bed
at a cheap lodging house this morning. A
Coroner's jury returned a verdict that his
death was due to alcoholism. Little la
known of him, he having rctne her© one
week ago from Bakersfleld. From papers
found in his possession it is believed he
owned valuable claims in the McKlttrick
oil district.
Fotmd Dead in Bed.
MENRY C. • CORBIN, : adjutant
general of the United States
army, arrived here yesterday
from Washington en route to'
Manila. on a tour of Inspection.
He expects to be gone three months and
sails on the transport Hancock to-day.'
In an interview last evening at the Pal
ace General Corbln said that- General
Chaffee would take command of the army
In the Philippines on July 4, and that
General MacArthur, whom he will relieve,
would then return to this country.
Upon General Corbin's arrival In Ma
nila he will confer with General Chaffee
and Judge .Taftl chief of ,the Philippine
Commission, and decide how many sol
diers will be needed in the Philippines.
"The policy of the Government is to cut
down expenses as much as possible," said
the general. "The campaign is now over
and only sufficient men will remain to
preserve order and police outside, dis
tricts. I cannot tell what regiments will
bo kept, buf those that are will be re
lieved as soon as possible.""
Regarding the alleged frauds that were
reported recently from Manila. General
Corbin did not show any great concern.
"The frauds that are supposed to have
occurred in* Manila are not known of offi
cially in Washington," he said, "and no
reports have been made of them. I think
that It was a" great stir over nothing. I
look upon them the same as I do upon
those alleged to have been perpetrated in
San Francisco. General Shatter wrote me
that there was absolutely nothing in
them, and his statement proved to be
correct."
United States Senator-elect C. H. Deit
rich. of Nebraska arrived at the Palace
yesterday and will also sail on the Han
cock as the special guest of General Cor-
far the highest and it is reported tha't for
a distance of over ten miles that road is
practically a wreck and several days will
be required ; to repair the great damage
which has been done. Along the coal re
gipns of the Elkhorn and the numerous
big plants lower down, box cars were
swept away in the - rushing flood and
lodged against the, rugged mountain sides
and in a few instances were carried down
the Tug River even as far as below the
falls. Many of the cars were loaded. All
the numerous lumber plants are great
losers, to an extent conservatively esti
mated at a million and a half.
All reports agree that betwen 200 and 300
houses were swept away in the Elkhorn
Valley, but, of course, not all the occu
pants were drowned.
At lager Station the river toss to thirty
one feet inside of three hours, deluging
every house in the little town and wash-
Ing away many of the outbuildings.
Higher up the river the destruction Is
said to be even greater. • Not over 100
yards of the road between Vivian and
Ennis. a- distance of ten miles, appears to
be left Intact. All towns above there oc
cupying lowland were, submerged and
many houses were washed away. It is
ln,rossible to approximately estimate the
less of life. Early reports sent out indi
cated that it had been very great, but
each subsequent report has lowered the
number. It is safe to say that less than
ldO' have perished, and it need be no sur
prise to learn that no more than one-halt
or possibly one-fourth that number have
been lost. Early reports sent out have
proved to be grossly exaggerated, based
upon Imagination, as there was no means
of getting anything like reliable informa
tion. . -.
The Twelve Pole River is rising. and no
trains of any kind have been able to go
farther east than Dingess, and no wire
is in 'working order beyond that place, so
that all news by wire has had to come
through the Blucfleld and Roanoke offices.
Much- livestock .has been drowned.
Among the drift and debris which fills
the river are : numbers of horses, cattlo
and hogs. Several , horses with saddles
and bridles were seen to float by, thus
rendering it a certainty that the riders
had either been drowned or had been com
pelled to desert "them ' and flee to the
mountain side for safety.
It is reported that a number of box cars
had floated out at the mouth of the Big
Sandy which had come,, from the line of
the Norfolk and Western. It is almost
certain that' these came fromtlie Big
Sandy branch of th Chesapeake and
Ohio, as Greefys ,-^ > .twenty miles
above Lewisa, is sa;, - "\ higher than
it was'ever known to b- .,,. _:. % -.
Interest in . the strike among the min
ers alone the Norfolk and Western has
been subordinated to the. results of the
flood. In fact, the great strike made by
nature has caused everything of an • In
dustrial kind ,to;be suspended, and it
•will be several weeks before there will be
a possibility of shipping coal, so that the
mine operators have no need of. the min
ers working: . . ,
LONDON". June 24.-A dispatch to a
news agency from St. Petersburg, dated
to-day, purports to quote M. de "Wltte. the
Russian financial minister, as saying that
the statement issued by Secretary Gage,
in explanation of the United States Treas
ury Department's action in imposing coun
tervailing duties on certain Russian prod
ucts, shows the question is not fully un
derstood by. Gage. M. de Witte says he
cannot imagine that Secretary Gage
would intentionally mislead the people of
tha United States, and therefore can only
conclude that Gage is not possessed of all
the facts in the case.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 24.— On com
,petent authority It Is reported that the
Russian Minister of Finance regards Sec
retary Gage's explanation of the petro
leum question to be beside the point.
Russia has adopted reprisals in the form
of Increased duties on American goods
lor the second time, not because a certain
shipment of petroleum was taxed at an
unduly high rate because it was not ac
companied with a certificate as to its ori
gin, | but because Russia does not admit
the correctness of Secretary Gage's inter
pretation of the tariff Iaw3 of the United
States. , Section 626 of these laws places
naphtha and the products of naphtha on
the • free ¦ list unless the country whence
they are exported charges duty on similar
articles from the United States. Russia
does not think that these laws authorize
the collection of a tax on paraffin made
from the product of Russian naphtha, as
decreed by Secretary Gage In his circular
of March last.
Explanation Will Be in Vain.
According to the Russian press thia cir
cular Is generally regarded as the answer
of the United States In the matter or the
Russian reprisals, and this opinion has
never been corrected. The impression has
been conveyed that the hope of Secretary
Gage that Secretary of State Hay will
succeed In explaining these matters to the
satisfaction of M. de Wltte will be In vain.
If further action against Russian trade is
taken by the United States, Russia's an
swer will follow in due season. Speaking
of these matters an official said:
"The entire trade of tha TJnlted States
with Russia can be lost while awaiti.i?
the decision of the court, unless the.
matter Is hastened. I understand the case
comes before the lower court next No
vember. -The Americans are apparently
not In a hurry to resume business, which
Is now falling into the hands of the Ger
mans."
When asked If there was any danger of
Russia Imposing further reprisals on
American goods as a hint to the Govern
ment of the United States to hasten the
settlement of the matter, .he said:
Danger to Commerce.
"Up to the present time your agricul
tural machinery has not been affected."
The informant of the cornespondent ex
pressed his opinion that action in the mat
ter was needed and that a revival of the
subject would cost American commerce
far more than the discriminating duties
•which are scarcely noticeable in the sell
ing price of light hardware, fine grade
machinery and tools. The majority of the
consumers of such articles have but re
cently heard of these discriminating: du
ties. i~-
Americans In St. Petersburg are of the
opinion that the affair will never be ter
minated to the satisfaction of American
exporters through Russian Initiative or
concessions. - ,
Russia's Minister of Fin
ance Makes a
Reply'.
Explanation of Reprisals in
Form of Increased Duties
on American Gooda •
SAYS SECRETARY
GAGE HAS ERRED
GENERAL CAILLES WEEPS WHILE
FOLLOWERS GIVE UP THEIR ARMS
Insurgent Leader of Laguna Province and 650 Filipino Soldiers Sur
render and Take the Oath of Allegiance*
GORBIN LOOKS LIGHTLY
UPON ALLEGED FRAUDS
Adjutant General Arrives From Washington
Will Sail To-Day for Manila on Hancock.
Remains of Adelbert Hay
Will Be Interred at
Cleveland.,-
FUNERAL PARTY
ON WAY TO OHIO
Relatives of the Deceased
Bear Up Well Under
Sad Affliction. '¦¦?;&
Continued From Page One.
DESOLATION AND DEATH
IN WEST VIRGINIA FLOOD
Cablegrams have been . received from
Henry White, secretary of the Embassy
at London; Consul General Osborne at
London; Consul General Goudy in Paris;
Herbert Bowen, late Minister to Persia,
and many others. Telegraphic messages
have been received from Mr. Leger, Min
ister of Havti; Mr. Zaldivar. Minister of
Salvador; Mr. Corea. Minister of Nica
ragua; Mr. Am'aral, Charge d'Affaires of
Brazil, and Dr. Yela, secretary of the
Legation of Guatemala, these gentlemen
being out of the city. . *
A personal bereavement could not afflict us
more than the sorrow which has come to you.
Heartfelt sympathies and condolences from
Mrs. Porter and myself and all the members
of the embassy. ¦ , . * .
All the members of the diplomatic corps
In Washington have expressed their sym
pathy by card or by personal communi
cation. The Portuguese Minister to Eng
land, Seror Soveral, sends an expression
of sympathy. , ¦
Embassador Porter from Paris tele
graphs: ¦ ¦ '
President Arthur T. Hadley of Tale: "Pray
accept heartfelt sympathy from a friend of
your soni who was proud of what he was do
ing. He lived long* enough to leave his mark
upon the world and to help every one who
knew him."
. Whitelaw Reid: "We are grieved at the
sad news, as for . a personal calamity, and
send you our most ; earnest and affectionate
sympathy. His promise was so fine and his
performance so ample for his years that thia
untimely fate seems doubly cruel." \
Earl of Rcsslyn: "The' Earl of Rosslyn ex
presses his deepest sympathy In memory of
many kindnesses and strong friendship."
Lord Pauncefote: "Our hearts go out to
you in' deep sympathy and sorrow." •„.. ..
Sir. Henry. Irving: .'•Myjdeep and most pro
found sympathy with you and Mrs. Hay and
your family In the terrible affliction which
has come upon you. " . :.
Lord Roberts: "I deeply sympathize with
you In the tragic death of your son. His kind
ness and courtesy to. our prisoners in Pretoria
will ever 'be mo<5t gratefully remembered.".
The employes of the State Department
have arranged to send a floral tribute to
Cleveland to be placed on the casket of
Mr. Hay.
The following, are among the number
of cablegrams and telegrams addressed
to Secretary Hay:
Secretary of King: of England: "The King
shares your grief in your terrible loss. He had
the pleasure of knowing your son In London."
President of France: "Sincerest sympathy—
Loubet." . .
WASHINGTON, June 24.— The Treas
ury Department on Saturday had com
pleted the settlement of the" accounts of
Adelbert Hay as United States Consul at
Pretoria and warrants were drawn for
$2788 due him upon settlement by the
auditor of the State Department. The
warrants will be forwarded to the State
Department and will become part of Mr.
Hay's estate.
pathy in a Cablegram.
King Edward Expresses His Sym-
MESSAGES OF CONDOLENCE.
The general feeling of sadness, so no
ticeable this morning, still pervades the
throngs of graduates in New Haven to
night, and especially is this true of the
'98 men. with" whom Adelbert S. Hay
spent the four years of undergraduate
life. • '..-¦¦ : -
The party will reach Cleveland to-mor
row at 10:30. They will go at once to the
Lakeview Cemetery and in the chapel
there will be held the last rites. ;
Mrs. and Misses Hay reached New
Haven at 5:30 o'clock and were drivt'n
direct to the Moseley residence on Fall
street. There mother and father met.
After the - sad greetings. Colonel Hay,
with their daughters Helen and Alice,
and Clarence, the son, entered the room
where the dead lay. For a few minutes
only they remained and then the casket
was closed, to be. opened no more. All
the members of the family went through
the trying ordeal calmly. Secretary Hay
had apparently recovered in a large meas
ure frolfc the prostration of the preceding
day. ¦ Mrs. Hay and her daughters, al
though, showing, evident traces of their
sufferings when they came out of. the
house an hour later, bore up well.
.Immediately after the closing of the
casket the body was taken to the railroad
station. About 7 o'clock the family," with
Mr. and Mrs. Wade of Cleveland, arrived
from the Moseley house. The casket, en
closed in a massive box of polislied ma
hogany, was placed in a combination mail
and . express car and the train left for
New York. ¦¦¦<¦¦ "_• . ' ' . .
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 21.— At 7:10
this evening the body, of Adelbert S.
Hay, who was killed by a fall from a
third-story .window of the New Haven
House early. SundaS' morning, was started
on the journey to Cleveland, where the
funeral and Interment are to take place.
In the party accompanying the body were
John Hay, Mrs. Hay, mother of the dead
man; the Misses Hay, his sisters, and
Clarence Hay, a younger brother.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, i^XJ^SpAY^jfJpNm'r^By 1901.
TURNERS ON PLEASURE
OUTINGS ON THE BAY
Steamer Coronado Carries Them to
Points of Interest Around
San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, June 24.— This was a. day
of pleasure with the visiting delegates to
the circuit Turnfest, all of the contests
having been concluded yesterday and last
night. The steamer Coronado was char
tered for the day and a double excursion
was taken on the bay. Starting this
morning at 9 o'clock, the excursionists
made the trip to Point Lama and 'to the
mouth of the harbor, returning about
noon to the tented city on Coronado.
There luncheon was provided and v the
Turners spent the afternoon In the surf;
* At 3 o'clock they boarded the steamer
once more and made the trip to National
City.
This evening the Turners enjoyed a ban
ouet in Turner Hall with plates laid to~
200. Andrew Carrlin of Oakland, the pre*
ident of the Bezirk. was toastmaker ana
responses were made by Louis Fritz, the
president of the district society. Edmund
Meyer. JC H. Bruegman, Eugene Daney
and others.
Stabs a Talbert Rancher.
SANTA ANA. June 24.— Lewis Wells, a
rancher near Talbert. in the peatlands. Is
lying at the point cf death at his home
with two knife wounds in his back. In
flicted by John Crutchans, a young man
from Arkansas, who had been working
for him for the past few weeks. Wells
owed Crutchans a small amount of money
for labor and had told him that he would
be paid soon after the first of next month.
Crutchans went to Wells yesterday and
demanded the money. When told he
could not get it until after the first of
next month he whipped out a pocket-knife
snd stabbed Wells.
Death in Elevator Shaft.
SEATTLE. June 24.— James Brannen. a
tinner, who has a son and daughter living
in San Francisco, fell down an elevator
phaft in the new Price building here to
day and was .instantly killed. His body
iis held awaiting instructions from Ban
Francisco. •
Another Bicycle Record Broken.
HARTFORD. Conn., June 24.— At the.
Velodrome to-night, in the mile handicap
amateur bicycle race, the time of the
scratch man. Daniel Dullivan of New
New Tork, was 2;01, which breaks the
•world's amateur record for a mile in com
petition without pace.
sued by -General MacArthur on May 3
liberating Filipino prisoners. The orde:
follows:
"In pursuance of the general policy of
the division commander in respect to mat
ters appertaining to the pacification of the
archipelago, 500 prisoners of war will be
released to especially signalize the sur
render and the acceptance of the I sov
ereignty of the United States by General
Mascardo, commanding the insurgent
forces in the provinces of Bataari and
Zambales, and General Lacuna, 'com
manding in the provinces of Bulacan and
Nueva Ecija." .--,
whisky from the hospital stores and ow
ing to his inability to discover the
offenders. Commander Schroeder, - the
Governor of. Guam, issued a proclamation
lamenting the prevalence of hoodlumism
and on account of disciplinary measures:
adopted, seventy-five marines fled from
the barracks and hid in the Interior of
the island-. Seventy-two of these men
were recaptured and were awaiting trial
by court-martial when the Esmeralda
sailed.
t .-' Prisoners to Be Released.
-WASHINGTON. June 24.— The War
Department has made public an order is-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, June 24.— Luther Pease, a
newspaper man. who has been through
the Kuskokwim stampede, writing about
the Indians of Kechik says: "The Indians
o* Kechik are dying rlpht and left of the
terrible disease which has cut down the
native population of Alaska one-half dur
ing the past year. Each nisht we could
hear their wailing chant as the dead was
mourned In the latest cabin to be invaded
by the destroyer. Everywhere along our
journey we encountered the sick, children
suffering from whooping cough and adults
from la grippe or measles. When a na
-tive Is seized he considers himself already
'peluck' (gone). He makes little resist
ance and quickly droops away. The In
dians are stunned by the great. calamity,
whole families. In some Instances villages,
'being wiped out of existence."
Native Population Cut Down
One-Half During the
Past Year.
back the revolutionists* flag, which Cailles
will personally present to General Mac-
Arthur. General Sumner congratulated
Cailles on his surrender and the latter
responded that It was a happy day for
Laruna Province.
Take Oath of Allegiance.
The president of the Federalists in La-
puna made a patriotic address to the
former Filipino officers and then the lat
ter and the rank and file of the Filipinos
took the oath of allegiance publicly, on
the slaza. .v-.v.-;
Frank Mekin. the deserter of the Thlrtv
seventh Infantry, who had been acting as
a lieutenant with the insurgents under
Cailles and who surrendered to-day, was
placed in irons.
WASHINGTON. June 24.-General Mac-
Arthur has cabled the War Department
announcing the surrender of General
Oalllea In Northern Luzon with 3S6 rifles,
4000 rounds of ammunition and 600 officers
and men. Cailles has taken the oath of
allegiance.
General MacArthur also announces the
arrival of the Lawton at Manila with
Companies K. end L of the Eleventh In
fantry.
Starvation on Guam.
MANILA, June 24.— The schooner Es
meralda. which, has Just arrived here
from Guam, brings' confirmation of the
distressing reports in circulation regard-
Ing the conditions prevailing in the island,
The new tariff stops trade and it Is as-
Ferted that the people will starve unless
they receive Government support.
Because of the theft of a barrel of
DISEASE DESTROYING
THE ALASKAN RACES
Verus cures piles or. $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee It *.. .
FIGHTING FOR SHORT
LINE RIGHT OF WAY
Case of Senator Clark Against the
S {' r Union Pacific Is Called in
•'¦'•: 'Carson.';
CARSON, Nev., June 24.— The case of
Clark. versus the Union Pacific Railroad
over a right of way through Southern 'Ne
vada came up in the United States Dis
trict Court thia: morning. An Injunction
was. allowed the Union Pacific some time
ago. The Clark forces are- here to. show
cause why the injunction should not pre
vail. Little was done at the session to
day beyond presenting maps and plans of
the grade constructed several years ago
by, the Oregon: Short Line, whose route is
now in dispute. , Clark claims that he pur
chased the grade at a delinquent tax sale.
» . .¦-.-".•-'
CELEBRATE THEIR GOOD j
FORTUNE BY MARRYING
Santa Rosa. Young Couple Win Gold
and Life Partners in a
Lotterv '¦¦¦> '¦'/ ¦¦: ¦> ;
SANTA ROSA, June 24.— Ernest Downs
and Miss: Sadie Gray, two well-known
young persons of this city, who a few
months ago won $3750. on a joint ticket In
a lottery, '.celebrated the event yesterday
by driving to Petaluma and getting mar
ried. Downs is the > head pharmacist in
Warbuy's drug store and Miss Gray. is. a
teacher In the public school. , r
Adopted Daughter Must Pay Taxes.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— Commission^
er of Internal Revenue Terkes has. held
that a legacy to an adopted daughter is
subject to .taxation as a stranger, in blood
to the testator.; Former rulings, of the
Commissioner inconsistent with this 'deci
sion are revoked.
¦ .¦ • » • ¦. . ¦.
Pump Plant Burned.
CAIRO, 111., June 24.— Fire to-day de
stroyed the plant of the National Pump
Company and the Big Four station at
Mound <?lty. 111. Loss, $100,000. , •. ¦;¦<;
! gested that the best plan would be to
hum these masses of debris, but the
friends of the dead are loud in their de
nunciation of the idea. So bitter. is the
feeling regarding this matter that if it
is attempted bloodshed will result. Up to
to-night some fifty bodies have been re
covered, yet the list of missing and re
ported drowned Is 249.; It will probably
never be known how many have perished.
The town of Liberty Hill, in Tazwell
County, was swept away, only two houses
standing. When the water had reached
the second story of the Methodist par
; sonage W. L. Moore fastened ropes about
the bodies of the wife and two daughters
of Rev. Mr. Wagner and dragged them
through th<» flood to safety. • Others were
rescued in like manner.
The Property Loss.
Estimates of* the property -loss in the
flooded district are v growing larger and
to-day the leading officials of the Norfolk
and Western fix the | damage . to railroad
property between Cooper and Vivian. W
Vi, at $1,000,000. This covers a" territory
twenty-flve miles In length, and the same
officials consider that the damage to the
property of the coal: operators of the field
will' far exceed this amount.- The total
less is now approximately .estimated at
two and one-half millions. General Su
perintendent G. C.Cassell -hopes to have
the railmad open for passenger .traffic in
a- few. flays. ; ¦ . • ¦¦ ¦ . -.: -¦ •: ._¦
.The passenger service. extends t*> Ennis
to-day, but the real - damage begins at
this place, where a 'half mile of. track
was destroyed and the station, postofflce
and' telegraph office were swept entirely
away..
DESTRUCTION IS APPALLING.
TTTJNTINGTONV. W. yn:. Ju*>» 2« _ f^o
tremendous high .water Jn the Tug River,
caused by jj a cloudburst . alone: ; the . heau
waters t>f. that stream on Saturday,, is
something unprecedented in the history of
that section and the destruction of prop
erty along the Elkhorn and Dry Fork and
, down the Tug River to Its mouth Is appal
ilinier. :" ¦ : " ¦;¦¦ " ..; '- ./. . . :¦ :,.-.<
The cloudburst occurred near two head
waters of the Elkhorn ard Dry Fork Riv
ers, whose " confluence r riear.j Welch , forms
the main Tug River". Though both streams
are.' swollen :, far. beyond; any proportions
which they were ever before known to as
sume, the former one,. which is. traversed
by the Norfolk and Western Railway for a
distance of about twenty.: miles, was by
:¦-•:¦:•¦ ¦ -
SITES FOB INJUNCTION
AGAINST THE ASSESSORS
Southern Pacific Company Questions
the Legality of a New Law
in Nevada.
CARSON, Nev., June 24.— William F.
Herrin of the Southern Pacific law de
partment filed a suit In the United States
Court In this city to-day, asking for an
Injunction against the County Assessors
of the State to prevent their levying and
collecting taxes against the corporation.
His ground is that they have no author
ity under the new revenue law and that
they, or a majority of them, entered into
a conspiracy to levy unjust and burden
some taxes against the company In order
that other classes of people should escape
their just burden of taxation.. Mr. Herrin
claims that railroads cannot be properly
classified under the new law; that the As
sessor of one county has no right to
say what taxes shall be levied upon prop
erty in another county, and that the coun
ties through which no road runs had no
right to vote upon the valuation of prop
erties in other counties.
The' Assessors . are cited to appear in
o*irt and will be called upon to answer
on July 15. The complaint alleges that
the valuation on , the property per mile
should be from $8000 to $12,000 on main
track and $3500 on side tracks.
\VTLIi SPEND MILLIONS
ON TEOLLEY SYSTEM
Huntington Syndicate to Construct
Many Lines Out of Iio's
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. June 24— H. E. Hunt
ington and his associates are to Invest
millions in extending their trolley lines
throughout Southern California. To-day
the railroad magnate returned from a per
sonal investigation df the territory that
It is proposed to cover with a trolley sys
tem. Mr. Huntington has been all over
the Whlttier section and to points between
there and Los Angeles.
It Is understood that Mr. Huntington's
agents are . now procuring rights of way
for the new trolley lines out of the city
and that when this part of the work is
done construction will be jcommenced at
once on the roads.. The lines will run to
all the small towns to the southeast of the
city. '
Comptroller of Hailroad Resigns.
KANSAS CITY. June 24.— J. S. Ford
comptroller of the Kansas City, Fort
Scott and Memphis Railroad, to-day ten
dered his resignation, to • take effect July
1. He will accept the position of general
auditor of the Waters-Pierce Company of
St. Louis. i- ._¦<
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAKL,June 24.— While driving
in Ross.Valley this afternoon with some
friends Mrs. J. A. Marsh, wife of the San
Francisco attorney, was thrown from her
carriage and sustained what may prove
to be fatal injuries. Her leg was broken
and her shoulder dislocated. The horse
Mrs. Marsh was driving was high-spirited
and upon meeting a hay wagon became
frightened and shied into a telegraph pole,
throwing the occupants of the vehicle to
the ground. Mrs. Marsh was brought to
this city.
Mrs. J. A. Marsh of San Fran
cisco Is Hurled From
Her Carriage.
DANGEROUSLY INJURED
IN RUNAWAY DISASTER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. June 24.— Cavalry
Troop A, National Guard of California,
arrived at this place at noon to-day en
route from Santa Cruz to San Francisco
and established Camp Custer on a vacant
lot in the center of the city. -The troop
consists of sixty-two men and four offi
cers, the latter" being: Captain Hansen:
senior first lieutenant, E. A. Peers; junior
first lieutenant. C. F. Wells; second lieu
tenant, E. H. Carr.
Troop A left Santa- Cruz . on Friday
morning at 2 o'clock and after a toilsome
Journey through the Santa Cruz Moun
tains arrived at Los Gatos the following
afternoon at 6 o'clock, being four hours
late on account of becoming lost in the
woods. ',
The cavalrymen left Los Gatos this
morning. passing through Saratoga,
Mountain View, Mayfield, Palo Alto and
Menlo Park, arriving here at noon. They
traversed the streets to the music of their
mounted brass band. . '
To-night at the Alhambra Theater a
ball was given by the troop. To-morrow
morning at 7 o'clock they will break camp
and take the road to San Francisco,
where they expect to arrive about 3
o'clock in the afternoon.
Mounted Guardsmen Are De
layed in Trip From
Santa Cruz.
CAVALRY TROOP GETS
LOST IN MOUNTAINS
2
NEW ADVE_tT T S£_I£NTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE ; - '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OP THE
Assurance Company
QF AMERICA
OF NEW TORTC. In the State of New Tork.
on the 31st day of December. A. D. 1900.
and for the year ending on that day as made
tn the Insurance Commissioner of the State
of California pursuant to the provisions of
sections €10 and 611 of the PoUtlcal Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. CA p ITAIj .
Ifiip^^l^^^il2___i
. v i' : ASSETS,
rosh Market Value of all Stocks and
C Bo h nds a nlned by Company WiW K
rash in Comoany-s Office 10 |>7
rash in Banks... ....-•• •- 30.58° .3
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,275 59
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
4. __ g3, -i)6 00
Due from" other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 1.5o7 00
Total Assets $520,9S8 54
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unnald $1,086 CO
lSm-k in process of Adjustment or
in CNicrnpTiS** ..,.••.;.••••.••.•••.••• _.?»" J- "¦'
T-osses, resisted. Including-^expenses. 250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* 1 run- :.:.,>:
Ulna- one year or less. $218.869 40:
?irnsurance E0 per "nt.™-- 109.484 70
Gross premiums on Pln-RWhraj.
V nlng more than one year. $61,524 07;
reinsurance pro rata 34.277 11
Al? other Liabilities../. 27.M9 93
Total Liabilities - $191.109 74
• INCOME. ~
Net 'cash actually received for Flr«'
premiums $223,283 40
Receivd for Interest and dividends
on Bond?. Stocks. Loans, and,
from nil other sources........^ M.9n« v>
Received for profit on sale of Bonds- 3.960 66
Total Income ...• .*. $243.153 83
EXPENDITURES. ¦ . •
Net n mount paid for Fire Losses
(Including X . losses ,of previ-
' ous years) ...•..:..¦._..;... $183.812 79
Net amnuot nald for Marine Losses
/Including $ — — . losses of prevl-
-mip yearst :V".V 4S2 93
¦nivldends to Stockholders 14.000 00
Paid nr allowed for Commission or
. Brokerage 71.686 34
Paid for Palar1»*. Fees and other
charges for offWrs. clerks, etc... 3.085 00
Paid for State. ¦ National and Local •
taxes ...:....• :...,;... .-... «.3l9 2S
AH other payments an d expenditures 2,843 92
.'. ."."/¦? -.;:"<.¦:'
. Total Expenditures $292,202 23
¦*:,:'¦: '¦•*':— ____:
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year..... $156.760 72
Risks and Premiums. IFire Rlsks.l Premiums.
Net cmonnt nf Rlsksl V
written ¦ during thel ' |
year ..' ....I $37,843,294 I $394.532 69
' Net amount of Rlsksl . I
expired' during tbel • I
year tl 34.623.S33 I 328.524 86
i N<»t amount in forcel " . ' |
December 31. 1900 j 25.624.823 I 280.393 47
ROBERT C. RATHBONE. President
-; t-V R. BLKECKER RATHBONE. Secretary
Subscribed and , swom to before me this
24th day of January 1901.
* GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
STATEMENT
Qy THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY •
/"|F NEW TORK. In the State of New Tork
x - r on the 31st day of December. A. D. 1900
and for the year endlnjc on that day, as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the Stat*
of California pursuant to the provisions of
sections 610 and «11 of the Political Code con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITA-.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np,.^-
ln Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS. "~~ " ~
Cash Market Value nt all Stocks and
Bonds owned bv Company W23.850 M
fash In Company's Offlce 9 m
Cash Jn Banks 63 151 17
Interest due pnd accrued on all
Stocks and Ixkuw ?438 61
Premiums tn due Course of Collec-
tion • •••••..•...•................,......_ E8 511 CS
Due from other Companies for Rel
Insurance ua. losses already paid... 1,552 00
Total Assets $349,310 m
LIABILITIES. "
Trasses adjusted and ttnoald $2,213 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense I3.KW M
l/osses resided. Including expenses.. 1,633 00
Gross premiums on Fire JtNks run-
nlnsr one year or leas. $233,817 71:
reinsurance 50 per rent H4.SCS S8
Gross premiums on Ftre Rinks run-
ning more than one year, $51,935 33;
rein— jranre pro rata......... jn 123 jn
All other Liabilities 29.697 43
Total Liabilities $133,618 S3
INCOME. ~
Net rush actually received for Fire
premlrmw $228,879 53
Received for Interest and dividends'
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from nil other sources 1Xtn n
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 23.730 00
Total Income $277,921 77
EXPENDITURES.
Net pmntmt paid for Fire Losses
• (Including $ . losses of previ-
- ous years) .'- $130,903 T
Net » mount Tiald for Marine Losses
(Including $ . losses of previ-
ous years) - W M
TMvidends to Stockholders 24.0CO CO
Ps»ld or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .72,935 63
Paid* for Palari**. Fee» and other
charges for officer* . clerks, etc 2,785 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes T.ffft V
AH other payments and expenditures 2,*M 39
Total Expenditures $291,022 71
Loss's Incurred during the year $157.833 81
Risks «nd Premiums. IFire Rlsks.l Premiums.
I ________ 1 _______
Net amount of Rlsksl I
Net amount of Rlsksl j
N»t amount In forcel J
December «. 1900 1 25.468.863 I 230.613 09
JOTCTj FWNns TTIETCMAN. President.
' EMTL E. PTEPER. Secretary.
¦ Subscribed and —» orn to before me, th!s 28t!i
day of Janmrv. 1901.
GEO. O. RTJGER. Notary Pjiblle.
PACIr^IC DEF'/IR.TMEINT.
G. A. HENRY & CO., General Agents,
215 Sansomc Street, San Francisco, CaU
IT CUBED THE DOCTOR.
Becommcnded by a Physician.
New Scientific Dandruff Treatment
Mrs. Mary C. Crawford, Oakesdale.
.Wash. : V'Herpicide cured me perfectly of
dandruff and falling hair." . f>
Dr. E. J. Bearfisley, Champaign, 111.: "I
used Herpicide, for dandruff and falling
hair, and I am well satisfied with the re-
Alf .R." Kelly. 2195 Devisadero street, San
Francisco: ; "Herpicide put a new growth
of hair, on my head. Herpicide does more
than 4s claimed." ... ' .,-• ''
Herpicide kills th«> dandruff germ. "De-
stroy the cause, you \ remove the effect"—
dandruff/falling hair and finally baldness.
At all durggists. >
¦ ¦ ' • ¦'•¦'¦¦>BLANCHE BATES AS CIGAR
ETTE IN THE PIECE NOW
RUNNING AT COLUMBIA.
get her clever horse. Eugene Ormonde
makes a smart, if somewhat chilly, Bertie
Cecil. Claude Gillingwater as John. Earl
o& Buckingham, is excellently seen; Camp
bell Gollen does the heavy villain to sat
isfaction and Mabel Howard makes a fair
ly presentable Lady Venetia Lyonesse.
Tha crowds are excellent. .' ; •;-
Alcazar.
Miss Florence Roberts repeated
"Sapho," her great success of last year,
last evening at the Alcazar Theater. Time
has not withered nor custom staled Miss
Roberts' excellent interpretation of the
star part. The Alcazar management has
staged the play with the same careful
attention to detail as they bestowed upon
it during its first production, and haye
also given the actress a splendid support.
Whittlesey is still the Jean of the cast,
and is an excellent foil for Miss Roberts'
subtle art. "Sapho" runs for this week
only, when it will be succeeded by a mag
nificent production of "School for Scan
dal," with Miss Roberts as Lady Teazle.
Grand Opera-House.
Florence Stone made a hit at Morosco's
Grand Opera-House In "Fedora" last
night. In the third act she was so realis
tic that women all over the theater were
shedding tears. The curtain finally fell
with the audience feeling deliciously sad.
Melbourne MacDowell as Louis was un
even. While he was sufficiently impas
sioned, with more vehemence at times
than was necessary, the scene where he
had the dying Fedora in his arms was a
trifle woeden. Jack Webster handled the
part of Jean de Serieux well. Mona Car
rington as the Countess was good. Alto
gether the company' acquitted itself cred
itably. ;, '¦••¦-;
Central.
There was a revival of "Uncle Tom's
Cabin" at the Central Theater last night.
The house was well filled. Judging from
the enthusiasm displayed, particularly
by the "gods," the play has lost none of
its attractiveness. The principal charac
ters were well sustained. James Corri
gan was Uncle Tom; Mason Mitchell, Si
mon Legree; Robert Cummings, George
Harris; Stanley Ross, Mr. St. Claire;
George Nicholls, Phineas Flefcher, and
Frank Bacon, Marks. Fay Courtney was
an acceptable Eliza and Georgie Cooper
made a decided hit as Topsy. Little Rose
Bennett as Eva was clever.
OTpheum.
Enilly Lytton and Charles Bowser are
the bright particular stars at the Or
pheum this week. They made a hit with
George M. Cohan's funny farce, "A Wise
Guy." Miss Lytton has- a talent for farce
and Mr. Bowser as Spike Hennessy, the
piano mover, keeps the audience on the
laugh. They are not new to San Francis-
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM of / Rail
ways. Office— 30 Montgomery street. •
SAN DIEGO. June 24.— The British
steamship Carlisle City, which arrived
hero on Saturday from Hongkong, is de
tained In quarantine, the deaths of six
Chinese having occurred on the voyage
tinder circumstances which the local
quarantine offlcer declares _ indicate
plague. There was no sickness on the
vessel when she arrived and none has
since developed. She lies several miles
from the city and every precaution has
been taken to prevent any person on
board from coming ashore. There Is no
alarm here, aa It is not believed possible
that even If the vessel Is now infected,
tbe disease c&n be communicated to tbe
mainland. --
Dr. McKay, the quarantine . offlcer,
wishes to send the vessel to San Fran-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦.. ; —^
LOS ANGELES, June ' 24.— Henry E,
Huntington declared to-day that the story
published in a San Francisco paper, to the
effect that he had agreed to give to. the
Princess Hatzf eldt $1,000,000 more than was
bequeathed to her by the wlll'of the late
Collis P. Huntington% the Princess then to
refrain from contesting the will, was a
fabrication pure and simple, evolved 'out
of the Imagination. Said Mr. Huntington:
"I have had absolutely no communica
tion with the Hatzfeldts. There Is no-pros
pect of my giving them a, million or any
thing else.. There Has been no such ad
vance in the value of , securities as re
ported. There is nothing coming to the
Princess, more than is already ., known , to
be her. share of C. P. Huntington's
estate." . :
Gift.
Tale of a $1,000,000
H. E. Huntingdon Denies
NO COMPROMISE
WITH PRINCESS
San Diego Quarantine
Officer Detains the
Carlisle City. ;
REPORTS PLAGUE
ON A STEAMSHIP
dsco to be quarantined and disinfected.
At the last Congress an appropriation
was made for equipping the quarantine
station here so as to meet just such a
case as that of the Carlisle City, but the
work has been delayed and at present
the proper facilities for handling the car
go at quarantine during fumigation of
the vessel are lacking. It is likely that
the Carlisle City will be sent to San
Francisco. - y ''¦""'"•' r.
Some surprise Is expressed here that
th3 disease which appeared on the Car
lisle City should be positively declared to
have been plague. There was no physi
cian on the vessel and the todies of the
dead were thrown overboai 1— the last
one several days before the slip reached
port. The data on which a positive diag
nosis of plague can be based are not ap
parent to the average citizen.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— Surgeon Gen
eral Wyman of the marine hospital ser
vice to-day was Informed by Dr. McKay,
quarantine offlcer at San Diego, Cal., of
the arrival at that port of a plague-in-'
fected ship— the Carlisle City. Dr. Mc-
Kay reportf? that there were six deaths
en route, five of which were certainly
caused by plague. Dr. McKay reports
that all the others on board are in good
health. He says that dead rats were
found on 'the ship before the sickness
made its appearance.
The crew of the Carlisle City consisted
of eight Europeans and forty-four Chi
nese. The vessel carried one European
cabin passenger and twelve Chinese steer
age passengers. /¦¦¦.
cans, and when they reappeared behind
the footlights at the Initial performance
this week they were given a warm Cali
fornia greeting. Frank Gardner and Lot
ne Vincent appear in a musical farce, en
titled "A Shattered Idol," which gives the
clever people ample opportunity to display
their talent for specialties. Mr. Gardner's
juggling and sleight-of-hand are unique.
The Mahr sisters, "vocal and terpslcho
rean artists," are well received and dis
play some novel steps and other things.
Among the hold-overs are Ezra Kendall.
Odell Williams, Fatma and Smaun and
Cole and De Losse, all rounded off with
the American biograph.
Tivoli.
The last^week of "The Toy Maker" at
the Tivoli shows an unabated apprecia
tion of the performance. Next Sunday
night the Tivoli people will commence
the production of "Babes in the Wood,"
which has been under rehearsal for sev
eral weeks. »
Chutes.
The Chutes has an excellent programme
this week. Hopper and Hopper present
a-sketch entitled "Uncle Joshua's Visit";
Lester Reeves sings popular songs In a
pleasing manner; Lee Ingham does some
clever hand balancing; The Tobins
changed their musical selections. Other
numbers are Martlnetti and Sutherland,
Baby Metzler and new moving pictures.
Fischer's Concert House.
The new people on the bill at Fischer's
Concert House were all well received last
night. Arthur Parent, the boy barytone,
proved a success in his songs and in the
pketch with- Lillian Levy. Stanley and
Waton, in "Mrs. O'Grady's Wash Day "
made a hit.' Charity Martin sang some
new songs, and " the 7-year-old soprano
Alice Barnum. charmed as usual The
Pacific Coast Vaudeville Club has a bene
fit to-niffht.
Olympia.
Tone's poses plastiques at the Olympla
this week are making a hit. They are ar
tistic and interesting. The rest of the bill
was well received last night.
By Blanche Partington.
PURE melodrama, hot and strong,
is Paul M. Potter's new play,
founded on Oulda's novel "Under
Two Flags" and given last night
at the Columbia Theater. The
chief element in the mixture of emotions
aroused by the play with me was. I blush
to say, a lively envy of the fortunate New
Yorker to whom such productions — the
¦word is used with due respect— are an
every night happening. It betrays the
provincial to speak of the portrait's
frame, the gem's setting, but Miss
Blanche Bates shone none the less bright
ly last night In that the life drama of the
French vivandiere she plays so well was
mounted with a plcturesqueness and com
pleteness that have not been seen on the
local stage for many weary days. Mr.
Frohman has sent us this time the "whole
show," people and settings, and if a po
lite groveling at the Frohman knees will
persuade to further grace — why, then, one
feels inclined to grovel. The applause
that greeted each clever stage picture,
each clever bit of lighting, •was pathetic
enough to have touched even a harder
heart than Mr. Frohman is credited with
end to have aroused all the missionary
there is in him. At any rate, the stern
manager cannot but be pleased with the
reception accorded bis star and play. The
house was a record house and Miss Bates
¦was greeted with an enthusiasm that was
timpiy overpowering.
It was a little difficult last night to sub
tract the actors from the play, to judge
rightly Mr. Potter while Miss Bates as a
home product was drawing applause as
much patriotic as anything else for her
good work. But it seems the playwright
has made gcod use of his material and
produced a shapely, spanking, colorful,
thrilling melodrama. The first act, largely
explanatory, is scrappy and disappointing,
but the second act immediately grips the
interest and from that on the play goes
smoothly. The little French Carmen, Cig
arette, first appears in the second act, in
an Algerian wineshop amid a crowd of
more or less drunken soldiers and dancing
pirls, and one knows immediately why-
Mr. Belasco chose Miss Bates for the
part- Hfirs is both a strong and subtle
characterization of the part. Vivid and
magnetic, the California girl's conception
has all the brilliant, tigerish passion and
power that this child of the camp— of
thoss whose instincts are of sufficient
\ita!lty to make them Imperious— would
niurally possess. She is lithe and instant
In her emotions, fearless, loyal, frank and
entirely spontaneous. One Is with her in
all her moods, and it can be said that this
picture of a vivandiere Is the best thing
that Miss Bates has yet given us. Her
wild ride up the scenery was quite ac
cording to schedule and the charming lit
tle speech, .in which she "hoped her
friends were one-tenth as glad to see her
as she was to be here," was quite the
prettiest thing in the play.
Miss Bates' support Is good, not to for-
SECRETARY HAY WILL
DRAFT NEW CANAL TREAT?
Satisfied That He Has Found a Firm
Foundation on Which to
Erect It.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— Secretarv
Hay has in. hand several masters of ne
gotiation that are very near to his heart.
For instance, he has, after the most ex
haustive ¦ investigation and. ¦ sounding of
Senators, satisfied himself that he has
been able to find a firm foundation on
which to erect a canal treaty to replace
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty that failed. It
is his ambition to remove absolutely as a
sou»ce of possible conflict in the future
the misunderstandings resulting from the '
efforts to apply the: Clayton-Bulwer
treaty to the conditions of to-day. ¦¦ It is
stated at the State Department that be
fore next fall he will be able to undertake
without sacrifice all the duties of his
office. In this state of affairs the officials
feel warranted, in denying, that there Is
any foundation for the rumors of the in
tended resignation. _ '
Victim- of a Strange Assault. * j
DENVER. June 24.— Miss Celestine Col
man, aged 17 year3, was assaulted by an
unknown man near the corner of Thirty
ninth avenue and Goss street this evening.
The man struck her with a club on the
right side of the head, rendering her un
consdous.^ He then ran. The attack waa
witnessed by several parties, who gavo
chase, but the man escaped." The girl Is
not fatally hurt. The method of attack
was .similar tp.that'of the "Capital Hill
thug," who formerly terrorized tbe city
though the locality was not the same.
Company, was drowned yesterday after
noon In the San Ysabel Creek near Mount
Hamilton.
Makes Offer to Has Creditors.
LONDON, June 24. — Eugene Zimmerman
of Cincinnati has put his son-in-law, the
Duke of Manchester, in a position to offer
his creditors 12 shillings 6 pence on the
pound. A meeting will be held Thursday
to consider the proposal.
Falls Down Mine SLaft.
AUBURN, June 24.— William Emig, aged
18 years, fell 300 feet down a shaft in the
Hathaway mine yesterday. The body was
recovered to-day in forty feet of water.
Drowned in the San Ysabel.
SAN JOSE, June 24.— William H. Farth
ing, a driver for the Red Star Laundry
\ Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 24.— Representative
Stocktonians to-night entertained the
Congressional Committee on Rivers and
Harbors. The people of this city have for
years been trying to place the needs of
their waterways before the legislative
body, and the present opportunity to lob
by in their own behalf before an all im
portant committee is being improved to
the utmost.
The special Irain bearing the visitors
arrived ever the Southern Pacific at 1:10
o'clock this afternoon. Congressmen
Woods and Needham. with i Secretary
Brown of the Chamber of Comnreren, met
the train at Lathrop. At the depot -was
a committee of representative citizens,
who drove with the visitors to the Impe
rial Hotel, where luncheon was served. As
the guests wero tired they were not asked
to participate in the ceremonies at the
laying of the cornerstone of the new Gov
ernment building. After luncheon the
party was taken fcr a' two hours' drive
to points of interest in the city, particular
attention bein« paid to the water front
and the adjaoont manufacturing district.
Later the visitors, including the ladies,
went to the hot mineral baths. After that
there was a banquet at Masonic Hull, i
The all important part of the visit will
begin to-morrow, when, as the guests of
Stockton, the members will start cut on
the palatial steamer H. J. Corcoran for a
survey of the San Joaquin and its tributa
ries, and later the Sacramento and Feath
er rlvtrs. The steamer has been provi
sioned with everything calculated to make
the trip pleasant, and the committee in
charge will explain in full the condition
of the streams end their needs. The mem
bers of the State Board of Public Works
accompany the Congressmen.
During the afternoon the ladies of the
party were pleasantly entertained by
Mrs. J. D. Peters, assisted by a number of
Stockton society ladies.
SACRAMENTO, June 24.— A well-at
tended meeting of the directors of the
Sacramento Valley Development Associ
ation was held to-night. A committee
was appointed to wait on the Congres
sional Committee on Rivers and Harbors
and urge\ an annual appropriation of $50 -
000 to keep the Government snagboat In
service on the Sacramento River. An
other committee was named 'to call upon
the president of the Southern Pacic Com
pany and the Sacramento River Trans
portation Company and ask for a read
justment of rates for carrying wheat,
owing to -the decline'ln prices of late
years. „ ;
Committee.
Gets the Ear of Visiting
Rivers and Harbors
¦ • - , V' K
Special Dispatch ' to The ¦ Call.
SEATTLE,, June 24.— A decided change
in the strike situation took place at 7
o'clock this forenoon, when the lathes
and machines in most, of the machine
shops of the city were put into action.
At first it appeared that the employers
had engaged a large number of workmen
and had their shops well supplied. How
ever, • after a look through the shops it
could "Be seen that the noise was being
made by the machinery and not by the
men. Only about thirty-five men, includ
ing all branches of the metal trades, went
to work. The union machinists claim that
not one . of these was ever a member of
their union.
Although very few men began work,, the
employers wear a ¦ satisfied air and de
clare they have accomplished what they
wanted. ¦ ¦- ¦ *, ,"
Mr. Hulme, general manager of the Vul
can Iron Works and president of the local
branch of- the Metal Trades Association,
said : ... - - . .
"The main object in starting . to-day
was simply to put ourselves on record as
having offered to take the metal workers
back at the same rate of pay and' same
hours, as when they went ; out. There is
no doubt that we can get men, if not
from Seattle, from other places— in fact,
Eastern workmen arrived in the city to
day and are at work at the Washington
Iron Works."
The latter establishment has followed
the example set by. Moran Bros, and has
eir ployed armed guards to watch the en
trance to the shops.
Hours and More Pay.
PLUMBERS GO ON STRIKE.
Fresno Union Demands Shorter
FRESNO, - June 24. — The plumbers em
ployed in the chop of Barrett, Hicks &
Co. went on a strike to-day." A plumbers'
union was organized here three months
ago, and two weeks ago the men in this
establishment passed resolutions demand
ing eight hours' work instead of nine, $3 50
a day for first-class and $2 50 a day for
second-class men, and time and a half for
Sunday and night work. .
Last week the men worked but eight
hours, and on Saturday night they re
ceived pay for but eight hours. They ac
cordingly went on a strike.
Mr. Barrett says that his firm will. hold
out against the strikers and will attempt
to replace them with men from San Fran
cisco. As the Fresno plumbers are x in the
Federated Trades they are confident that
no other men can be engaged. No other
establishment has been affected by the
strike as yet, but it Is possible that it may
become general.
STOCKTON TELLS
OF HER WANTS
SEATTLE, June 24.— Gold receipts
by the steamship Dolphin from
the Klondike this morning were:
For Canadian Bank of Com
merce, $l,000,0Q0; individual dust,"
$350,000. There was shipped via : St. Mich
ael on the 12th inst. $2,500,000, and there is
now on the way up the Yukon' $1*000,000
more. ¦ .
Alaska's output of gold from the spring
clean-up has 'started in a steady flow to
Seattle. ; . Nearly five Ions of gold was be
ing transported on the Yukon at the time
of the Dolphin's departure. .
The Dolphin left Skaguay on June -20.
The gold she brought came up the Yukon
on the river steamers Zealandia and Ca
nadian, leaving Dawson on the 12th. It
was removed to the Seattle assay office
early. this morning, w .
Among the large individual holders of
treasure of the Dolphin are R. Barton, A.
Daub and the latter' s partner, Mr. Dickey.
Daub & Dickey are traders In Dawson.
Mr. Barton is a claim owner in the Klon
dike district. Together they have $100,000.
The remaining $250,000 was divided among
the rest of the passengers, but they' were
reticent about it and kept their sacks in
their staterooms. -*¦
According to advices by the Dolphin, the
miners on Eldorado Creek have about fin
ished their clean-up for -the season. The
miners on the other creeks are well along
In the work of segregating the gold from
the earth which was dug during the. win
ter, and the estimate of the' total clean
up for the season places the amount ~at
between $15,000,000 and $20,000,000.
Appointed by the President.
. WASHINGTON, June 24.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
State Department— Chandler Hale of
Maine. ' secretary of legation at Vienna,
Austria; James J. Bailey of Kentucky,
secretary of legation at Guatemala and
Honduras. Treasury Department—Wil
liam L». Gerrisn. Collector of Customs, dis
trict of Saco, Me. Interior Department-
Charles F. Nesler of New Jersey, Indian
Inspector (reappointed).
The next steamer from Skaguay will be
crowded to the guards with returning
Klondikers. More than 150 arrived at
Skaguay on the day the Dolphin left. Be
tween 100 and 150 JDawsonltes were en
route to Skaguay from White Horse and
fully 200 passengers from Dawson were
said to be in White Horse. All steamers
leaving Dawson had full passenger Iist3
and two or three boats, well loaded, were
on the voyage up the river.
! The body of W. T. Hiff, who died at
Skaguay after undergoing an operation
for Bright' s disease, was brought down on
¦the Dolphin.
COSTLY FE/0SECTTTI02T
OF YUKON MURDERER
Dominion Has Already Expended
More Than $100,000 in the
O'Brien Case.
DAWSON, June-14. via Seattle, June ?4.
—The trial of George O'Brien, charged
with the murder of Lynne Wallace Rolfe
and Fred H. Clayson, both of Seattle, and
Ole Oleson, a Dawson-Skaguay telegraph
lineman, on Christmas day, 1899, -on the
winter trail near Minto, south of Dawson,
was begun here this week. It is the most
absorbing and sensational ever held in the
North. The magnitude of the case a3
prosecuted by the Government may be
gathered from the fact that the estimated
cost already of the prosecution Is more
than $100,000. Eighty witnesses have been
gathered here by the crown from all parts
of the Yukon and from the States and*
Lower Canada. Captain Scarth of the
Northwest Mounted Police, who has con
ducted the search for witnesses and evi
dence for eighteen months, has left not
the slightest clew upturned and thousands
after thousands of miles have been tra
versed in the Yukon and outside by Ms
big corps of assistants, notable among
them being Detective McGuire of Chicago.
The work of searching for O'Brien's
supposed accomplices and In gathering
clews to evidence has entailed the most
extraordinary detective work ever done
in the North. Much was done In the dead
of the Arctic winter. Men have trailed
the supposed accomplices the full length
of the Yukon and up tributary streams of
the river. Some of the special detectives
went down the Yukon and out by the way
of Nome and Seattle last fall.
Sending Dead Home for Burial.
DAWSON, June 14, via Seattle, June 24.
— Bodies of several persons who died In
X>»wson last winter are to be conveyed
to the outside within a few weeks. They
are to be taken to their old homes for
Interment. The remains of the following
have been ordered prepared for shipment:
Chris Sonnikson, Yukon pioneer and Daw
son freighter, to go to San Jose, Cal.; In
fant of Mr. and Mrs. Herman Knabel. to
go to Tacoma: Infant of Mr. and Mrs.
Maurice Marsden, to go to California;
Frank Belcher, wealthy Bonanza, miner,
to eo to Pennsylvania; Gertie Duval,
noted dance hall girl, to go to Kentucky:
Elmer A. Poff, to go to Iowa; child of
Thomas Lappy, Seattle. The *»ody of
Frank Bromley has been shipped to Aus
tralia.
Hew Postoffice Dedicated.
STOCKTON, June 24. — The cornerstone
of the Governnfent postoffice" building now
In course of construction In this city was
laid to-day ¦with Masonic ceremonies. Sev
eral addresses were made, the chief one
being by J. A. Hosmer of San Francisco,
grand orator of the Masons. Grand Mas*
ter Orrin S. Henderson of Stockton spoke
and Mayor George Catts of Stockton de
livered the address of welcome. The cere
mony of laying the cornerstone, which
was witnessed by a large crowd, was pre
ceded by a parade. Including civic socle
ties, led by ths Sixth Regiment band.
Many Masonic dignitaries were . present
from other part3 of the State.
Strikers Ignore Offer to Re
turn to Work at Old
"Wages.
Seattle. Machine Shops
Open Witti^ Small'
Crews.
NON-UNION MEN
AT THE FORGES
BOATS LADEN WITH DAWSON GOLD
DOT THE EXPANSE OF THE YUKON
Steamship Dolphin Reaches Seattle With Miners and Thefr "Dust"
and the News of Tons of Treasure to Come*
THE SAN" FE AH C13CO CALL, >T UE»U A r, ; jy U JS E 25, 11)01.
3
"Fedora" Is a Great Success at the Grand Opera-House — "Sapho*
Makes a Hit at the Alcazar — Good Bill at the Orpheum*
UNDER TWO FLAGS SPLENDIDLY
SEEN ON THE COLUMBIA STAGE
Clothes at Close Prices
would otherwise be a slow month/ *® ><S^^Pif^Sll '
we deliberately took a line of suits, \
one of overcoats ¦ and another one of f |f|Pl^
The clothes are union made — you , ||^^ N^,, Wjm \| If i
know what that means in workman- lOL r^ife^^^^ III! I 1 i
means in material. If the clothes are >1^^^^^^ Mm II! '
Suits Overcoats Trousers
Sack suits in cheviots of The overcoats are coverts Worsted trousers in swell j
light patterns and blue serges in three stylish shades. of tan, patterns of checks and stripes; j
in fall and summer weights; brown and olive; the price sizes from 30 to 44 waist and j!
sizes to fit everybody, even the formerly was $10.00; even- up to 36 length; good for a
short and stout; prices re- one of the overcoats in wear with coat and vest of
duced from $8.50, $10.00 and this lot has been marked darker color; reduced from
$12.50 to . . down to $3«oo to ;
$6.65 $6.65 $1.85
The End of the Adler Sale of Boys' Suits
jtf&ij^k. For three weeks past we have had a sale of children's
clothing made by E. J. Adler & Co. of New York and purchased \
Irv". "5 from them by us at 40c on the dollar. During these twenty days
\^^f' we have sold hundreds of the suits to the many satisfied mothers. j
It furnished them a practical means of saving over one-half. i ;
J||^^^^»j||V ) This sale will end next Saturday night. If you have not i
inllii^vH^^^lMiilK' bought you had better hurry — buy the boy a good stylish suit at a !
I^Mri' ' ! 'fl^^l^ifW'^ price even less than half usually required. Ijj
-J l' i SH^ttHP' Lot No. 1 contains Lot No. 2 com- Loc 3 represents |:|
suits worth $4.00 and prises suits worth suits worth $7.00 and \i
jHpmffira|i]| ?5-°° which will be $5.50 and $6 50, $8.50, which are | |
fWi|/Si||« S °M fo#r which will go for marked to sell at '
WW $!,95 $2.95 $3.95 j
jBtl WM If you arc not satisfied with the suit — satisfied that the value
jM$ ISSI is all we claim it to be — return it and get your money back. Ex-
ffln v§fi changes cheerfully made. j
imf »B Children's wash suits. 33c up. £ough Rider suits, ages 3 to 10, j
nil I™ ' Children's tourist suits, ages 4 to 10. &i m *>;i each i
: \M^^% 9 fS Cn^lr a V h^;"; O a n T stapes, Friend Shirt Wais.,, col.ar,
• ©r v ' $1.3O. attached or separate, 5Oc and T5c. j
Box of fireworks free with every boy's suit up to July 4th.
A glance at our win- \ ¥ fl m. 3^r\ ff""fci t*A O ut-of-town orders '
dows will always # iy. Wi/i II I'l S JCl S 0 '!• fllled - Write us foP
IlotheVhi^oriup- ~io *, 1 + c \ In*, furnishings or
-nishinss. 718 Market Street. hats. ,CHAMPION WOMAN ANGLER,
HER BOATMAN AND ONE OF
HER TROPHIES.
tween the same spa fish and a gamer
sportswoman. Reeling in. giving away
line and the same double process over and
over again for forty-live minutes, until
her arms cramped from the severe physi
cal Btraln, Mrs. Dickinson fought her flrst
tuna to a successful finish. She conquered
without assistance from boatman or hus
band. Now Mrs. Dickinson is the hap
piest woman on the Island and tuna fish
ers, whether they be past masters, pres-
The Santa Cataiina Island_Juna Club,
many members of which are on the spot
doing active service, is contemplating
many important changes. At a meeting
last night the suggestion was made for
the club to incorporate xmder the laws of
the State. This will be done and a hand
some clubhouse will be built at Avalon
for members and guests- Another sugges
tion which met with popular approval
Is in regard to the election of officers.
Heretofore the presidency of the club was
dependent upon prowess with the rod al
lied with chance. The member who se
cured the biggest catch of the season-
May 1 to October 1— was by virtue of his
deed the president for tho ensuing year.
Election will bo the determining method
under the new order of things. As. the
members of tho Tuna Club come from all
parts of the world, proxies or mall bol
lcta will be allowed.
At present tho following members aro
fishing at Avalon: General John Barrett.
Thomas Manning, Philadelphia: Colonel
R. A. Eddy, F. S. Sehenk. Brooklyn: C.
C. Paine. Cleveland; Captain W. H. Burn
ham. Orange: P. V. Rider, New York: W.
A. Baldwin, Buffalo: N. F. Wllshire, C.
F. Holder, Pasadena: Joseph Chambers,
Cincinnati; Macomb O. Foster, Now York"
C. P. Morehouso, Pasadena; E. N. Dickin
son, New York; D. C. Pixley, Orange; O.
O. Orr. Avalon: J. Francis, Los Angeles;
"W. J. Landers and M. J. Conncll.
ent devotees or professional boatmen, are
all doing obeisance to the most successful
fisher of thorn aU. «
Revised bids for the work on the Dud
ley Stone School were received yesterday
by the Board of Public Works. Newsom
fz McXeiU offered to do the work • for
57979, and will receive the contract, the
Board of Education at a. special meeting
hel<J yesterday afternoon recommending-,
the acceptance of the bid. -As soon as
formally notified, the Board of Public
Works will award the contract. The other
bidders and the amounts bid were Rich
ard Sinnott. $X573; Jones, Peterson &
Roundtree. $8950; G. Peterson, S9600. Com
missioner Marpden Manson was present at
the meeting of the Board of Education to
assist in straightening out the tangle.
Acccpt Bid for« School Repairs.
a VALOX, Santa Catalina Island,
. f\ June 21.— All Catalina was drawn
ifc=ri\ to the beach to-day soon after 11
A jX o'clock, when the launch used
by Mr. and Mrs. E. N. Dickin
son steamed to its moorings. The tuna
flas. the emblem indicative of a catch,
was flying: from the masthead and Mrs.
Dickinson was waving a blood-stained
handkerchief to those on shore. And well
she mipht, for to her lies the honor and
the credit of having landed single handed
the largest tuna of the last. two seasons
and the second ' in size ever caught off
Avalon. The battle, with this sea fish Is
a story In itself and shows what a game
flsherwoman who Is stout of heart can
do with a six-foot rod and a strand no
thicker than an ordinary piece of BtrinR.
When y>ut upon the scales the sea tighter
welRhed just 216 pounds.
Mrs. E. N. Dickinson is visiting Oata
llna for the pumnur. New York City is
her *iome, but so fascinated Is her hus
band. Captain Dickinson, with the sport
of tuna catching that he visits Catalina
yearly, and Mrs. Dickinson accompanied
him to the coast on this visit. Koth left
the beach early this morning armed with
in.rtlements of tuna warfare. About three
miles off Avalon they rode Into a school
of leaping fish and before Mrs. Dickinson
realized conditions her roel began to sing
its merry song nt» a tuna took yard after
yard of line. Then began a battle be-
City Attof ney Lane advised . the Asses
sor yesterday . that vessels should be as
sessed at the- home port, or where there
has been no permanent registration the
vessel should be regarded as within the
jurisdiction of the Assessor at the home
port of the owner.
Assessment of Vessels.
Four and a. half furlongs, selling:— Huntresna
woa. Miss Dora Becond, Bonnlcoosa third.
Tlrae,*::65. , • . r
Mll«j and a sixteenth, ' selling— Orris w<n,
Beana second. Midlari third. Time. 1:4"U.
Six furlongs, selling-Queen Ann won. Silent
PHenfl second, Harry Pulllam third. Time,
1:11%,,' ¦ • « » : ¦ ¦ .. • ¦ . .. . . - .
* Mx pud a half furlongs, t.iuFe— SplnM won,
J> Desirous second. Varro third, Tlmw.. J:Sl>/i.
Smtn furlongs,, selling— Porcy R won, Eight
Dells eotond,' Frei Ptpglu third. Tltno. ;:2<sV..
Mile and seventy yawls, selllnK— L#e Bruno
won. Rushflelds second. Eugenia B third. Time.
CINCINNATI, Juno 24.— Newport summary:
¦Flvo furlongs, soiling— Sauterne won. Jack
Wiltlns penond, Ceylon third. Time 1:0214.
Six furlongs— Colonel Strathln won, Metoxen
second. Hodd third. Time. 1:15.
Flvo furlongs— Dash won, Insolence second,
Follow third. Time, l:02ii.
wll0 ,,. n !}'i I ?. " l *t M> nth, < selling— Kdnn Gerry
won. Blrdlo May second, Battled third. Time.
IMiH. .
One mile— Robert Morrison won. Laura's
First socond, Mlcou third. Time l:43U
Seven furlon**, m-IHiir— Napoleon Honapnrte
uS% SSmt 1?J7^ 5TC8 BCC ° mlt Nel8 orrls
NEW YORK. Juno 24.,-Shecpsheftd Bay sum-
Five furlonKS— Hyphen won. Masterman sec
ond. Byrne, of Rosco* third. Time. 1:00
Ono mile, selling-Scurry won. The Amazon
second. Colleglnn third. Time, 1:39 8-5.
The Zephyr stakes. n\> and a half furlongn—
Disadvantage, won, yrhlte Owl second. Lady
Sterling third. Time. 1:06 3-5.
Bay Ridge handicap, mile and a quarter—
Kamara won. Decanter second. First Whin
third. Time. 2:06 2-5. The Regent finished sec
ond, but wan disqualified.
One mile— Ethics won. Cerrera second Tom
Kenny third. Time. 1:411-6.
Six furlonjts, on turf— Isidor won, Templeton
second, Double Six third. Time. 1:14.
DETROIT, June 24.— Highland summary:
Seven furlongs— Beau won. Masterful second.
Custodian third. Time, 1:29.
Five furlongs— Mlsa Blarney won. May Quick
second.- Klngford third. Time. 1:02.
One mile, selling: — Winepress won, Free Lance
second. Warranted third. Time, 1:41%.
Six furlongs— Little Sallie won. Prosit sec
ond. Oconee. third. Tlme,.l:15U.
Six and a' half furlongs — Horsa won. More
second. Fullnator third. Time, l:20H-
Selling, six furlongs— Pharaoh won. Loiterer
second, Ida Penzance third. Time, 1:14.
DENVER, June 24.— Results at Overland:
Pa'clng— Jim Dlxon won third, fourth and
fifth heats and the race. Best . time. 2:16%.
Duchess took first and second heats, but was
distanced In fourth. Time. 2:14%, 2:16V4. D D
and Belle Burton also started.
Trotting— Dudie Egmont won second, fourth
and fifth heats and the race. Best time, 2:16Vt.
Ed Wlnship took third heat in 2:1!H, and was
second; Llsterlne took first heat, but was dis
tanced in fourth. Time, 2:15V4- Charlie Me
and Kane also started.
Six furlongs— G. H. Ketcham won, Alarla
second. »R. Q. Ban third. Time. 1:14H-
One and a quarter miles — Mission won. Major
King second; St. Germain third. Time, 2:10^.
1 Five and a half furlongs— Dewitt won. Jake
Ward second, Pegalong third.' Time, 1:08.
• Five and a half furlongs — Bulgarian won,"
Bourbon second. Prince Russell third. Time,
l:07Vi.
Five- and a half furlongs— Virgil won, Billy
Underwood second, Miss Bell third. Time,
l:09Vi.
CHICAGO, June 24.— Washington Park sum
mary: .
Half mile— Memnon won, Elsie L Becond,
Isheaf third. Time. :47 4-5.
One • mile— San - Andreas won, Odir second,
Gawainti third. Time, 1:40 2-5. / .
One mile and a sixteenth — Menarka ¦won, Mr.
Brown Becond, Advance Guard third.' Time,
1:44 2-5. . f
J}r,e mile and seventy yards— Fancywood
won.' Trinity Belle second. Wild 'Pirate third.
Time, 1:44 2-5. ¦
Six furlongs — Gonfalon won, Moneymuss sec
ond, Isla third. Time, 1:13.
One mile— Leo Newell won, -Ecome second,
G W W third. Time. 1:41.
ST. LOUIS, June 24;-rFalr Grounds sum
mary.
cap at Sheepshead Bay.
Kamara Wins the Bay Ridge Handi-
ON THE EASTERN TRACKS.
Joe Bernstein Substituted and
a Lively Bout Is
Expected. /
• - ¦¦ ¦ • ' ' ¦ . '¦ X
¦ Tim Hegarty, the 'Australian boxer,
who traveled half way round the globe to.
display his prowess in the ring to local
fight-goera, will not be able to keep his
engagement with Tim Callahan on Friduy
evening rr%xt. .Hegarty broke his right
hand on the hard head of "Billy" J de
Coursey, his boxing partner, on Thursday
last, and although efforts were made to
conceal this fact because he might be
able to fulfill his contract, it developed
last night that he was positively unable
to go on.
Manager Gleason of the Twentieth Cen
tury Club, rather than disappoint the pub
lic, immediately engaged Joe Bernstein
to take Hegarty's place. He was ex
tremely fortunate in having such a clever,
well trained boxer on the scene, and he
quickly came to an agreement with the
New York featherweight. Bernstein has
Just returned from Los Angeles, where he
fought Solly Smith twenty fast rounds,
and is fit to enter the ring at a moment's
notice. He will devote the next four days
to preparation and believes he can enter
the arena in condition to give Callahan a
hard battle. X l : • ¦ ..,•
Hegarty is very much disheartened by
his tough luck. He counted on defeating
Callahan and then trying conclusions with
McGovern. He trained faithfully for the
battle, and at the- eleventh hour received
a setback. .He will ; be taken 1 to an X-ray
establishment this morning. and the ex
tent of . the injury, to, his hand will be
shown. Dr. Howard, who has attended
him, believes the- injury Is a slight one
and thinks Hegarty will soon be able to
use the member. It is the plan to match
him with the winner of the Bernsteln-
Callahan. bout. ¦•¦.'¦¦
Bernstein and Callahan. have always ex
pressed a willingness to box each other,
but could never make a match. Both men
have met the best men in their class.
Cnllahan .has the, distinction of having
fought McGovern three times and In each
contest made a splendid showing against
the champion. Bernstein fought McGov
ern twice, and in one battle went twenty
live rounds to, a: draw. At their second
meeting Terrible Teddy scored a knock
out In seven rounds.' -
Bernstein and Callahan will fight
straight Marquis of Queensberry rules,
and as this permits hitting with one arm
free the men should put up some fast
fighting. Both like this style of boxing.
Jack Root and "Kid" Carter will appear
in the main event. They will box twenty
rounds to a decision. Carter has trained
at the Six Mile House and Root at Croli's
Gardens. Alameda. Both men are re
ported to be in first-class shape.
Phil Wand will act as referee in both
contests. The bouts will be brought off
at the Pavilion on Friday night and tick
ets will be sold at Corbett's, on Elite
street. ,
He Wiilt Not Be. Able
to Battle With Tim
bs&lahan.
HEGARYY MEETS
WITH ACCIDENT
Decrees of divorce were granted yester*
flay to Helen M. Sherby from J. S. Sher
by for desertion. Annie Hicklen from.
James H. Hicklen for failure to provide,
Charles L. Hulse from Eleanora Hulse for
cruelty and May Ferrler from David Fer
rler for extreme cruelty.
In the Divorce Court.
The awards for coal and shoes for the
Almshouse were re-referred to the com
mittee. Protests against specifying a par
ticular brand of coal and against award
ing the contract to a firm whose shoes
are not of home manufacture were filed
The bid of the W. S. Merrill Co. for
drugs to be furnished the Almshouse was
rejected because the firm is an Eastern
concern.
The board also rejected the bid of the
Hayden Printing Company.
Attorney Costello, on behalf of ten
printing firms, petitioned that new- bids
be readvertised for. agreeing to bid $3000
less than the Hayden Company and give
a guarantee therefor. Costello said, his
clients had been misled by the notice In
the proposals to the effect that none but
those in the bookbinding business would
be allowed to bid,! and the city had lost
the benefit of much competitive bidding
thereby. A petition from the Bookbind
ers' Association, asking that- the bids be
rejected, was also read.
The ordinance awarling the contract
for the city's printing to various firms
was passed to print. . • ¦ . .
Contracts for lighting public buildings
"Were awarded to the San Francisco Gas
Company and the Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company. Other contracts hereto
fore published for street lighting were
also finally passed.
The ordinance providing for the re
pavement of blocks on Polk, Sixth, Pine,
Sacramento. California, Fifth and Front
streets was finally passed, u^;
The ordinance granting the United
States Government a right of way
through the city cemetery for the pur
pose of construcUng a sewer to connect
Ppint Lobos reservation and the Pacific
Ocean was passed to print.
The Board of Supervisors followed the
example of the Fire Commissioners yes
terday by ordering the rejection of bids
for hay and forage to be furnished the
Jails and police department. The Police
Committee reported that in instances
where the bid for an article, upon invest
igation, was considered exorbitant and
much too high in comparison with mar
ket values and prices heretofore charged
the bid was recommended for rejection.
The committee's recommendation that
the same be readvertised in a supple
mental schedule, particularly hay and
for-age and surgical Instruments and
milk, was adopted.
Supervisors Rule Prices
Submitted Are' Ex
orbitant.
MORE BIDS FOR
HAY REJECTED
Rcbert Campbell, a saloon keeper at 256
Minna, street, swore.; to a complaint in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday for. the ar
rest of Elmer Jasperson on the; charge of
assault with a deadly weapon. Campbell
Raid that Jasperson had so abused his
¦wife that she had to live apart from him.
Sunday night Jasperson abused her on the
street and refused to allow her - to enter
the house at 411 Fourth street, where she
roomed. Campbell interfered to "protect
the woman and he alleges that Jasperson
cut him with a knife on the face and llpa.
Cut for Protecting' a Woman;
. The matter will be taken up at the next
monthly meeting of the Railroad Com
missioners. ¦
The railroad companies say that exorbi
tant-prices are not charged for the haul
ing of the petroleum and that over pro
duction has reduced the price. The rail
road companies see no rea3on.why they
should rediice the rates of transportation
of oil. they say.
"At every station where there is, one, a
physician and surgeon has been engaged
and termed an "emergency surgeon "In
case of accident they will render first aid
and make the patients as. comfortable as
possible before having them removed 'to
hospitals. In addition stretchers of vari
ous kinds, fully, equipped in the way .of
b ankets, are kept at regular intervals
along the road.
Attorney C. M. Sterry. on behalf of the
Atchieon, Topeka and Santa Fe: Railway
nicd an answer to the complaint of the oil
men of Bakersfleld and the Kern County
district yesterday.. The oil men claim that
they are overcharged for the transporta
tion of petroleum, and filed a- formal pro
test with. Railroad Commissioners. The
Southern Pacific was the first to answer
the complaint. The Santa Fe answer,
filed yesterday, is nearly the same as that
of the Southern Pacific. ,• ¦¦¦
Accompanying each case is a list of con
tents with printed- instructions as to thfir
use. so that employes need not forget the
verbal instructions given. In addition
complete provisions have been made for
prompt professional service. The road has
been divided into "districts" with a doc
tor in charge of each.
An innovation has been made by the
Southern Pacific Company in the method
of procedure at accidents and in rendering
first aid to the injured at train wrecks.
General Manager Kruttschnltt says that
on all the limited trains emergency cases
have been placed in charge of employes,
who are from time to time given instruc
tions-as 'to the use of the contents! Em
ployes, at many stations where there are
no surgeons in the, immediate vicinity are
also supplied with emergency cases, con
taining such supplies as can be used by a
Jayman in rendering first aid to the sick
or wounded. • .¦ . * TS
Southern Pacific Train
men to Be Amateur
Physicians.
GIVEN LESSONS
ON FIRST AID
THE SAN FRANCISCO XJAIjij, TDESDAJif,^ i^jN'JB 25, 1901.
Mrsi^E* N* Dickinson Lands a Two Hundred and Sixteen Pound
Fish, After Forty-Five Minutes of Fighting* t|||
WOMAN CATCHES SECOND BIGGEST
TUNA KILLED AT CATAUNA ISLAND
4
ADVEETISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address l>r.
B- V. Pierce, Bufialo, N. Y.
"I take great pleasure in recommending Dr.
Picrce'i Favorite Prescription for female weak,
ness." writes Mrs. Susannah Permenter. of
Pauls Store, Shelby Co., Texas. I was troubled
with bearing-down pains in ray back and hips
for six years, and -wrote to Dr. Pierce for advice.
I tried his 'Favorite Prescription' and sir
bottles cured me. I feel like a new person and
I thank Dr. Pierce for my health. Life is a
burden to any one without health. I have told
a great many of zny friends about the great
medicine I took."
Sewing a-$ a business is an exacting and
exhausting occupation. Long hours, fine
work, poor light, unhealthy atmosphere
— these are only some ! of the things
which fret the nerves and hurt the gen-
eral health. Often there is a diseased
condition of the womanly organism
which causes backache or headache and
the working of the sewing machine
under such conditions is akin to torture.
Thousands of —¦¦¦,,¦.¦ nu,.., ,„,. , ,„. u
jvomen who work j M£& \M\MiTM
have written jjrate- '>*& \ III K i||ffl j \f\
ful letters to Dr. gSsWavHt 1 1
R.V. Pierce, whose J^J^J^Sisy I
« Favorite Prescrip. y^i\'f-r^\^V \\j ]
tion» has cured
their womanly ills j^!!P»y^^r^TJ[
and established "nr^svLf '¦ i If
health. "Favorite //
Prescription'' es- //
tablishes regular- /**/
ity, dries un- /// '
healthy and offen- ({M >&\
rive drains, heals f/^fi * \
inflammation and Iw/ I . I \^
nlceration, and f/a ,/m^ ~- /fi\\
cures female weak- 'MhW * M '
ness. It makes MM s" /%>
weak women W ¦ ¦ I
strong and sick f \
women well. . '.' j .
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce by letter free, and so avoid the
indelicate questionings, offensive ex-
aminations and obnoxious local treat-
ments deemed necessary by some physi-
cians. All correspondence private. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Bufialo, N. Y.
Your grocer ;• returns your
mdney if you don't "think, so."
Fels & Co., makers/Philadelphia.
\: Great family news : . Fels-
Naptha soap^ saves half the
work, of washing, and washes
better.
Cheap Rates
East
Santa Fe
7
. '. • The places, the rates for
• the. round trip and tha
dates of sale' are below.
The other details can ha
had of the Santa Fe agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
July 3, 4; Aug. 22, 23;
Sept. 5, 6.
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 20, 21.
CINCINNATI, $76.50
'j June 30 and July 1. j
. CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
COLORADO SPRINGS' $55
July 8 and 9.
DETROIT, $82.25
July 1 and 2.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50.
Aug. 20 and 21.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and 18.
The best service and the
pleasantest way is fur-
nished by .the
Santa Fe
E4I MARKET ST. :
CALIFORNIA H0RTH1ESTEM RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market SI
San Frnnclsco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. ta. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30, U:00 a. m.; 1:30. »:*>.
&:00." 8:20 p. m.
Sun Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10, 7:50. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.; 13:43.
8:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. ¦
Leave I In Effect I Arrlvm
San Francisco. | April 2S. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Vv'eelc
Days. I days. [ Destination. I days. | Days.
7:20 am 8:00 am Novato. 110:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. I 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. I 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. '
7:30 am Windsor.' ¦ 10:23 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
GeyBervllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami, 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:IS am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am!lO:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm | 6:20 pm
7:30 am S:CO arn Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
-¦ and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pml 6:30 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami |10:40 am|10:23ara
3:30 pml 5:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa (or Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysera: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell'a.
Banhedrln Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. WHllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r«-
duced rates. ¦ - ¦ ' . *
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronlcl»
Building.
H, C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. -»*""'*
WEEK DAYS— 5:55, 8:30. •9:30, 11:00 a. m.
12:45. 'IAS. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. »6:15, 6:45 p. In.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. •lfcoo. 11:00 h-m
a. m.. 12:43, 1:30, 2:30. -3:45, 6:00. «3h». "IS
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. i"' '""¦¦'¦'
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— -5:23. 6:27. 7:47, £« lo-is
a, m.. -12:25. 1:15. 2:20. '3:35. 4:40. 6*30 n in
EXTRA TRIPS on_ Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:43 and 10:00 p " eaua * 3
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:00. 9:45, 11:00 a. 'm_ »is
xn.. 1:00. 1:15. -3:30. 4:30. »i:'iS. «:«. V^ioao
"Trains marked (•) start from San Quentfn
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:43, 7:55. 8-jl «•»
a. m.. 12:35. 1:43. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p m ¦ **"*¦
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. in 12-13.
1:20. 2:3C, 8:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.* *
THROUGH TRAIN'S, i
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero andfway ata-
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . * ¦ .
5:15 p. in. wt«k days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. •
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way siitlons
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
EAILWAY TEAVElfc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Hplid^yqn Wheels
A trip east in a Burlington tourist sleeping-car is a veritable holi-
day on wheels. a
The excursion conductor makes everyone feel at home; organizes 1
entertainments; sees to it that the journey across the continent is
ENJOYABLE as well as comfortable.
From Los Angeles Mondays and Wednesdays : Ban Francisco, Tuesdays and Thnrs- '
days — Omaha. Chicago. Kansas City. St. Louis— EVERYWHERE cast. Tickets 2
and berths at Southern Pacific ticket offices or by addressing 1
3 W. D. Sanborn, Gen'l Agent, 631 Market St., San Francisco. I
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
NAM rRAMCIMVO,
(iUin Line, Foot of Market Street)
LKAvt — Frou Junk IS. 1301. . — arrivi
7sOOik Benicta, Suiann, Elmira, VacaTllle,
Rumsej and Sacraiueuto «:*5p
TiSttA Mutiuez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo, Nap*,
Oallstoga »ud BanU Bon «:35p
»:Ot» A Darts, Woodland. Knigbti Landing,
Maryarille. <>ro»ill«.. 7>33r
SiOOa Atlantic Kxpresa— Ogden and Eaat 12:aSr
Hiooa KDm, Lathrop, Stockton 7:24?
SiVO.iNUrs, Memlota, iUnfcrd. Vlsalia,
Porterrtlfo 4:33r
¦iSOa Shaata Express— Davis, Williama (for
BartleU Springs). Willows. Bed
Bluff, Portland. 7i83r
¦iUUa 8au Jose, Liferraore, Stockton,
lone. .Saer»ineuto. PUcorTiUa,
M»r»s?IHe, Chico. lleil Bluff 4i3.1r
¦:SOa Oakdalr. Chinese (Yosemii*). 80-
nora. Carters 4:2.tp
»xOO a Hayward, Nilei and War Station*.. 1 1 1.13 \
9(00* Vallejo 1*:3.1f
Vitttf a Loa Angelea Express — Martinez.
Tracj. Latbrop, Hcoekton, Muroed
Fresno *nd Loa AdkbIwi 7it)Sp
UtSOA Vallejo, Martinez ami Way Stations 7:»3p
IViOOA The OvcrUml Limited -Ogdeu. Dea-
ter, Omaha. Chicago. .; OiASp
fliOOr Sacramento Utter Steamers f.VO»U
SiSOp Hajward. Nile* and Way .Stations.. 7:33p
•i«Ur Uenlcla, Winters, feaeranienta.
Woodland, KnMits Landing.
MarysTille, Orot Die 10:83a
4tlH>r Martin*)!, Han ltainon, Vallejo.
Napa, CnllntoKa. Santa Itosa «i!l.1\
•f lOOp Nlles, Litn-raore. Stockton. Lodl... IS^.Ip
4«:i»r Harward. Mies, San .lose. I.ivermoro tftina*
4i30p Port Costa. Tracy, Latbrop, BtncHtua 1»i3.Y\
3:00? Tim Owl Limited-Fresno, Talare.
UakeraUeltl. Hangus for Santa B*r-
bara, Loa Angeles , 8:3.1a
5:«Op Martinez. Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno 12:2.Tp
s>o«r Tosemlt« 12i*3r
3s30p New Orleans Kxpre*s— Mendotn,
. Fresno. Bakerstieid, Los Angeles,
Detains. El Paso. New Orleans
and East 7i30a
SiOOp Hayward, NilesandSan Joie 7:33*
tUtOOr Vallejo Ili25«
MiOop Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chicago 13iS3p
•tOOp Orleutal Mail— Ogden. Denier,
St. Louis, Chicago. •»:3.ip
7i00p Oregon aud California ICx|>rem,Mao.
rameiitit, Marjatllle, Kadillng,
* 1'ortUml. Pitget Muund and Kask 9:35a
ft»»5p San Fablo. Port Coat*. Martinea
and Way Stations HiSSa
l»;03p Vallfjo 7»3Af
COAST LING (Marron (iaii R e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
I? I'ISa Santa Cruz Excursion to Santa Cnu
and Principal Way Stations JS;05p
St IB a Kewark.Coiitertllle.Sau .lose. Fulton,
Moulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
HUUous StSop
fit I ftp Newark, Centertllle, Han .lose. New
Almaden, E'eltun, Itoulder Creek,
SauU Cruz and Principal Waf
8utlons InifttlA
4iiap Newark. Han Jose, LosGatos fMino*
a<aiapGIenwood.BoulderCre<>», BantaCrna «"i3Qa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAS FRASCISCO— Foot of Mtriet Street (Slip 8>—
t7:lS 9.00 11:00a.M. 1:03 3:00 3;lSf.u.
rrjnaOaLnO— rj»urBrul«»T.— f«;00 ta.00 t9:0S
1Q;00a.m. 13:03 8:03 i;Q3r.n.
COAST IilNB (Broad (Jnn R e).
(Third nnd Townseml Sts.)
UiIua San Josoanil Way Mtations...,. ttiUitp
t7:tOA Hail Josaaml Wuy .SUll.us.. ....... li»»p
/7t»»A New Alinatien / lildp
t7iVOA Sunday Excursion for Han Jcse, <v->
SanU Cru*. Padllo Orote and
Principal Way Rtatlono. JAiSOp
¦iiOO* Nan Jiise. Tres Pimm. Hauta Crux,
Paclllc Ornte, (jalinis, San Lola
ObUpo, SanU Barbara and rrin.
etpal intermediate Stations. ....... 7i3ftp
lOtSOASan Jose ami Way Buttons 4il0r
I IiSOa Man Joss and Way .Stations BiUup
tut lap sau Mateo, Ktdwno.l. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, 8au Jmw,
Tres Pinos, Hanta Cms, Sallnaa.
Monterey and raclllo HroTa...... |!i»il."»*
»i»Ap Han Jose and Way Htatlnns «:.Ii»a
M*I3P San Joneau.l Principal Way .Stations DiOa
tSiOOpSan Jattf, I.o» (latoa and Principal
Way Stations <!»><"> v
StSOr S»n Joe«« and Principal Way .SUMnna 8l30i
OittUp Redwoad, Hao Jot*. Gllmy. flaiinaa,
BauU Birhara, Loa Angrles I0:O»a
OiOOp Del Monte, Monttrey. Pacido Urove,
Lompoo losoo v
«:30p San Jose ami Way Stations f*:n«»A
ttll:43pSan Joaeand Way sutlnns 7::tOr
A for Morning. P for A f ttnioon.
, t 'Sunday exoepted. J Sunday only.
ft Satnrday only. « Monday.
¦ e Batnnfay »n \ Swnday. / Tu^sdaya and Fridays.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Markct-atreet Ferry Dfpot.
I Local ; Lim'dJOvrrdl Local
I Daily [ * j Dally | Daily
Lv. Pan Fran I 7:2fl a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. [10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced .112:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:03 a 10:50 n
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia .. 3:40 p 4:43 a
" Bakersfld 8:13 p I 5:20 p 7:30 a ....'.'."
" Kans. Cy I 2:40 a 7:30 a
** Chicago I 2:13 p j 9:00 p
a for morninsr. p for afternoon
«9:0O ». m. train la the California Lim-
ited. Ieavinc Monday and Thursday on'v
carrying Palace SWpin* Cnrg and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
flrst-clara passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on thl* train. Correspond.
Ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesdayand
Friday.
4:20 p. rn Is Stockton and Fresno local
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p m
dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Towri.xt Sleeper* and
Free Rrcllnln* Chair Cars to Chlca" -
also Palace Sleoppr. which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at 553
j>. rn. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Leal, stoprln*
at all points in San Joaqutn Valley Co r -
respondinjr train arrives at 8:40 *. m." riailv
Office*"— 64T Market *tr»>et and in F»rfv
Depot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Tla Saaialito Tmr-TwA of Market St.
l+5$£'l WEEK DAYS..... < *3f'-«.
4-15 r m * 5 am «« m«!>t at u» txymss J f ¦% p - M «
a-on a it \ 0:45 a.m.
BtlUA. M.I fi^-it* v
con . .. I Li. 10 P. M.
V.W A. St. I 1.1!, „
2St2:i s^ats Jl&i
1*9* ™-\ iwr.Z.
2aop.M.J ( 7:10 p.m.
•i'i. /¥^, 8 »» '™»«'»<» «o 3«matt and Rrtnra. $1.40
Ticket Qgces, 6aj»farket St. t &Sansaljto Ferry.
/^§^ Dr. Gibtoon'fj Dispensary,
&~<**Jm 629 KEAEXY ST. Established
" HiP^!'" 1H34 for the treatment of Frlvatrt
mQ-ljR^-iiiSf Diseases, Lost Manhood. DebilitT or
tSf$3gi»0SK*<1l*eas»> wearlngon bodyanil mind and
»SfflraS»^f«s!iin Diseases. The Doctorcures when
fall. Try him. Charges low.
¦Ntl^ii^l<'iirr< gaarnulerd. Gall or write,
Pr. J. J*. tltBBOM. San Pranciaco. Cal.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, 1NVIGORA-
. tor and Nervine.
Tha most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy 1'or Diseases of tha Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own martts.
• NABER. ALFS & Bit UN E, Agents.
ta Market »t.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
OLD mIn
RESTORED
"A Woman" Is as Old as She
•Looks, a Man as Old as
He Feels/'_ \
|~kLD AGE IS ONLY THE FREEZING OF
v^ the blood, through the lack of sufficient
animal heat to keep it warm. As long as you
can keep up the fire of vitality you will feel
young and your nerves will be full of vim and
energry.
Tho basis of animal heat Is Electricity. That
is why so many old men prize
Dp. McLaug-hlia's Electric Bel w ..
It has made them lively, vigorous and youth-
ful ; it has warmed their blood and restored
their animal spirits.
"Your Belt has made me feel like a new man.
[ am getting stronger every day. my ambition
is returning and 1 feel like a different person."
• J. F/MAHER.
Merced. Cal., June 3. 1901. • , , .
I ,Ruarant.ee a cure in every case. There Is no
chance of failure by my method, and you don't
take any chances. , I have 50,000 cures and
never a failure where my advice is followed.
If you are setting- old too soon, and have lost
the vigor of youth, read my book, which will
open the way to the fountain of youth for you.
I' send It sealed, free.
CALL, TO-DAY if you can. and 1 will' ex-
plain how I restore youth to old men.
Dr. M. C. McLauahlin, MAR $ 2 T ST .,
Cor. Geary, San Francisco.
• Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays.
10 to .1. - . .
STATEMENT
OF THE-:
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Standard Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LIVERPOOL, England, on the 31st day
of December. A. D. 1900. and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and (511
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnisher", by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash J500.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $1,178,004 00
Cash In Banks 130,789 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 14.9SS 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 242,612 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 23,352 00
Knits . due and accrued, policy
stamps on hand 624 00
Total Assets .$1,640,399 00
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses adjusted and unpaid........ "
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $172,950 00
Losses resisted, Including ex- .
penscs I
Gross premiums on Marine and In-1.
land Navigation . Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent '.. . 142,745 00
Gross , premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance B0 per
cent J .
All other Liabilities 117,134 00
Total Liabilities $432,829 00
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $437,646 00
Rocelved for interest nnd dividends
on Ponds, Stocks, I.nano, and from
all other nourcca 39,036 00
Total Income t $S26.CS3 00
EXPENDITURES. =======
Net amount paid for Marine Lossm
(Including $ , losses of previ-
ous years) $495,627 00'
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 85,221 C3
Paid for State, National and Local
taxts 9,067 47
All other payments and expenditures. 1,677 00
Total Eipendtturea $541,493 00
Marine.
LosseB Incurred during tho year $479,927 00
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $64,495,935 $587,586 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 63,632,373 5S5.736 00
Net amount in force ' .
December 81, 1900..... S. 271, 210 142,745 00
• JNO. WILLIAMSON. President.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to .before me, this
23d day of January. 1901.
W. J. SULIS. U. S. Vice Consul.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.,
General .Agents",
J. P. F. DAVIS & SON, Managers,
215 Sansome Street, San Franoisoo, Cal.
Telephone Private Exchange C8.
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATORffi^
Five hundred reward for any eAjPiKk*
case we cannot cure. This secret E 1 *" Bay
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours, I h
cures Emissions. Iitipotency, Varl- JES3 KSfiJ
cocele, Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, fffvS WJfl
Strictures". Lost Manhood and all NwJ |*l&s
wastlnK effects of self-abuse or wWm WW
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 BfismrVSBM
bottles. $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 853
Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073%
Market st., S. P. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. ¦? • ¦
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Illinois Gentral R. R,
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP TICKETS ON SALE
June 30, July I, CINCINNATI and return —
$76.50
July I anl2, PETR3JT anjreturn—
July 3 and 4, BUFFALO and return—
$87.00
July 3 and 4, CHICAGO and return—
$72.50
Return Limit 6o Days.
,W.; H., SNEDAKER. General
Agent, -•;-V^
648 Market' st. Chronicle Bldsr.TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE— The hlffh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to ¦ San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TUESDAY, JUNE 23.
"The Missouri Pacific . Limited"
The only route having through sleeping
car service, between Sarf Francisco and St.
Louis 'daily/. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake • City. ,For full' information ask L
M. Fletcher, 212 California street. . *
Many a sickly fly has 1 spoiled a -leaithy
appetite. • .
NOTE— In ihe above .exposition of th« tides
the tarly morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day j in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when* there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on tho United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sipm precedes the -height; and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts: The plane of reference Is
the mean of .th* loirer, low waters.
Sun rises .'. 4:43
Sun. sets ..' 7:35
Moon sets........ Q:QQ a . m.
Charters.
The Alvena will load lumber on Puget Sound
for Sydney at £2s 6d, chartered prior to arrl-
Australia for Tahiti.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia eails for Tahiti and the Marquesas
to-morrow morning. There are about for
ty first and thirty second cabin passengers
booked for her. besides a number of steer
age passengers. Among those who are
going to Papeete to see the native celebra
tion of the fall of the Bastile are Enoch
Knight, son of George A. Knight, the at
torney: John D. Spreckels Jr.. A.- Goupii.
a'wealthy Tahiti merchant, and Miss Gou
pil.
At the Marquesas about 200 natives will
board the Australia. They will take part
in the celebration, and the mall boat will
bring them home on the return trip. Near
ly all the cabin passengers on the Austra
lia will make the round voyage.
Remains of Little George Cain Are
' Brought Ashore on the Madrono.
The lighthouse tender Madrono returned
from the Farallones yesterday bringing
the remains of little George E. Cain, the
10- year-old son of the head lightkeeper,
who died several days ago of diphtheria.
An attempt was made to secure the ser
vices of a tug, but all the owners were
afraid of the Quarantine officer, so the
lighthouse Inspector took the matter up.
After permission had been received from
the quarantine authorities a metal casket
was secured and out at the island the
remains were placed in It.
Sunday it was blowing a living gale at
the Farallones and the Madrono had 10
stand out to sea. During-the night there
came a lull for an hour, and in that time
the bodv was got aboard the tender.
Lighthouse Keeper Cain and his wife
came ashore with the remains. The cas
ket was landed at the quarantine station
and after it has been examined and
sealed up will be given back to the par
ents for burial. " ¦ - '
The Madrono had a very rough trip to
and "from tha islands, as it blew a gale
the whole time save for the hour's lull.
DIPHTHEBIA ON FAHALLONES.
THE United States army transport
Grant arrived from Manila via
Nagasaki with the Forty-eighth
and Forty-ninth infantry yester
day. She sailed from the Philip
pines on June 1 and from Japan on June
7, thus making the run across in twenty
three days. The Grant has made a record
round trip and Captain Bruguiere brings
her into port looking as though she had
just come off the dry dock.
The Grant left here the latter part of
April on "hurry up" orders. She made a
splendid run to Manila and v,-as held
there only long enough to discharge and
put the homeward bound regiments
aboard. Captain Bruguiere came home
by way of the Great Circle, going up be
yond the forty-ninth degree of latitude,
but there was not even, the sign of a cold
among the men on the ship, even, though
the weather was freezing.
The Logan left Nagasaki fifteen hours
and the Thomas seventy-three hours
ahead of the Grant, so both of them
should be along to-day.
The Grant brought up 73 cabin passen
gers, 1109 men of the Forty-eighth Infan
iry, 732 men of the Forty-nintn Infantry,
6 prisoners, 16 officers' servants, 6 stow
aways and 2 men from the Relief. Those
who* came up in the cabin were:
Officers of the Forty-eiffhth Infantry, U. S.
V.— Colonel W. P. Duvall; Captalna A. D.
Bright, Hugh Thomason. William Jackson, W.
W. Purnell, R, R. Rudd. James W. Smith,
Thomas Grant, Alex V. Richardson, W. A.
Hanklns, Stephen Starr. John Buck. J. M.
White, James E. Hamlin, L. W. Dennlson;
First Lieutenants George Webber, George
Steunenberg, Green T. Marron, C. C. Caldwell,
James Powell, John H. Anderson, J. C. Smith.
William Allen. Frank Cheek, Peter McCown,
L. M. Smith, James B. Coleman. J. W. Cur
tis; Second Lieutenants F. R. Chisholm, L.
Washington, John Rice, Joseph Wakeneld,
Wilson Ballard, William Loving, Joseph An
drews, W. L. Gee, Walter Green. H. E. Gee.
Georse Taylor.
Office™ of the Forty-ninth Infantry, U. S. V.
—Majors Carter P. Johnson, Robert Gage,
Robert Burns; Captain* H, Q. Woods, E, L.
liaker, W. J. Valden, Gilbert (V Hmlth. W, II,
Butler, W. C, Warmaley, Thomas Campbell.
William U, Edwards, D, O, atlmer: Firut
Lieutenants William tt Prttchard, leaao w,
Molony, Fred lflbber, William K, Tyler, M,
UuHstU, ]«, A, TtUrnitn, lean H, Jordan, T, d
Hutler J3. W. Marten: Hecond LjemenanU
1 everly l*«=m», II. P. Wall?. Jamejt ju, jj|ck
ernon. 4. H, Jlliu-kburn. «, A, Williams,
Wvau Huffman, William Meiiryer and. a, l'\
\Vh*a«on. \ ¦ .
Major Oearw K, PlekeU, paymaster, U. 8.
A,: Captain J»hn Nowt«n, 8ixt«»*mh Infantry,
U. n.~A.: t'n«i<»atn T, **. Htewapt; 4. V, Oliver
and J, li Whu», rl«>rki»; « % <>nimt!**ar>" t*«r-K«>ant
Fred P. HUm; Ausu»t Itafiittiter, A, Krem,
A. H. Palmer. Gei<!g# \\\ K<lwar»iP, Ueor«<> it,
t^mnlll, OharW H. Carver, bMtte II, Hawyer
nM JamoH iintiirp, iiKcpjini I'ottip; lt><man
K&fra, AiiB"t I*h|pi1k, H, >lr> la CfUl and Vblen»
line C. Hamlin.
The last four are Fillplnoa, brought here
to be educated by Colonel Duvall, Cur
tain D. J. Gllmcr, Lieutenant J. C. Smith
nii-i Captain J. !•;. llamltn. •
Every man on board tho transport has
a gooa word to gay for- Chief Steward
Herbert. AH tho quarters were kept as
clean as a new xiin and the meals wrre
all that could be desired. The vessel wsb
a credit to her officers yesterday. <-
HONOLULU— Arrived June 6^-Br stmr
Moana, from Victoria; stmr Halene, hence
May 29. June 8— U S stmr Sheridan, hence
June 1. June 9— Ital bark Pasquale • Lauro,
from Newcastle, Aus. June 10— Bktn Archer,
hence May 28. June 11— Br stmr Carlisle City,
from Yokohama; stmr Colon., from 1 Port Los
Angeles: ship , John C Potter, from Taocma;
bark Alden Besse, hence May. 29; bark Olym
pic, hence May 31; bark Diamond Head, hence
May 2S. June 13— Stmr City of Peking:, hence
June 6; ship J B Thomas, from Port • Steph
ens. June 14 — U S stmr Buford. from- Ma
nila. June IS — U S Etmr Mohican, from San
Dicjo, via Hllo;'stmr China, from China. ....
Sailed June 7— Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, for
San« Francisco. June 8— Br stmr Moana, for
Brisbane; bktn Skaeit. for Port Townsend.
June 11— U S stmr Sheridan, for Manila.' via
Guam. June 13— Stmr City of Peking, for
China; Br stmr Carlisle City, for San Diego;
bark Albert, for San Francisco; bark Gerard
C Tobey,. for .'San Francisco. " June 14— Stmr
Co' .for Port Lcs Aneeles. ' ;. ; -'
Arrived June 14 — Schr Reporter,: from Grays
Harbor. ¦ -
KAANAPALI— Sailed June 11— Schr Mary
Dodge, for Mahukona; . v^/VV?* "•
EUREKA— Arrived June 24— Stmr Del Norte,
hence June 22; s;hr Fortuna, from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 24— Stmr Columbia,
hence June 22. June 23— Schr Repeat, hence
June 12.
Sailed June - 24— Ger ship Alsterschwan, for
Queenstown.. . v
BRISTOL BAY— In port June 3— Schr Pros
per, from Everett: ship Columbia, hence April
26; bark B.P Cheney, hence April 26; ship
Tacoma, hence April 11; ship Bohemia, hence
ADril 16; bark Prussia, from Astoria: bark
Undaunted, hence April 13; bark Nicholas
Thayer, hence April 9; bark Coalinea,- hence
April 14. ' .
• • ISLAND PORTS.
B13ArrLE=-ArrlVed Juna 94-8tmr Delphtn,
from Skasuny.
Balled June 84— 8tmr Mackinaw, fop Ban
FrahPiiteo; utmp Rainier, for Whatcom: stmr
VtctoPlan, foP Bkaguavi Jap etmr Klnsnlu
Maru. for China. June 22— Btmr Despatch, for
¦\Vhatcorrt.
PORT TOWNSEND— PaBsed In June 21— Stmr
Doluhln, from Bkaguay.
Arrived June 24— Bktn Bkagrit, from Hono*
lulu; Bchr Maria E Smith, from Bristol Bay.
Arrived June 24— Schr Luzon, from Hong
kong-.
V13NTUR A— Sailed June 24— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed June 24— Stmr
Robert Dollar, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed out June 24— Stmr
Mackinaw, from Seattle, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 24— Bktn Ska
cit, from Honolulu.
Sailed June 24— Br bark Marv A TrooD, for
Mollendo.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 24—
Stmr Colon, from Honolulu. . .
Sailed June 24 — Etmr Mineola, for Nanaimo.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 19— Schr
Chas R Wilson, hence June 6. • • ... . •
SAN DIEGO— Arrived June 24— Schr Lottie
DOMESTIC POKT8.
POINT LOnOH, June 34, id p m-Wenther
ha«y{ wind N\\\ velocity M miles pep houp.
TKLKaitAinne.
HPQKRN.
June 51. la! 40 rs N, Inn 63 84 W-Milp BenJ
J? Packard, from KnrftMk, tor Honolulu,
Ship J n Thomas put Into Honolulu June
IS Jn charge of t.otswain, Captain Orown
\va« loin overboard In sale, and ihe mate not
heins ft navigator, the boatswain took charge,
JiON'OONr-aune 84=Htmr rielaiies, from
Phllftfleii>lila, fop Han Fram'UPO, pvit into Cor
onal with all blade* nf iirovteller ln-nhtit,
Himr orcsfflntan, from New Verk, fop Pan
l*ranelt*eo, nut Into Mentevldee with maehln*
ery cut «f enier,
MISCKIJ^ANKOUS,
SAILED.
Monday, June 24.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, Fort Bragg-.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, TUlamook.
Stmr Geo Loomta, Hrldcett, Ventura.
Stmr Navarro, Jacobs, Uowens Landing,,
Stmr Xoyo. Johnson, Eureka.
itr ship Belfast, Uavies, Queenstown.
Bktn I-ahalna. Carlson, l'uget Sound and
Shanghai.
Schr Albion, I^awn, Coqullle River,
Schr Archie and Fontie, Haeernak, Stowarta
Point,
Schr Kree Trade, Thoraen, ,
Pchr Jennie Griffin, Campbell. Point Reyes,
Bohr P«arl, JloltoweU, Unajafika.
• Monday, June 24.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepson. Victoria and
Port Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Xopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins &. Co.
CLEARED.
Monday, June 24.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin. 59 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Xavarro. Jacobs, 60 hours from. San
Pedro. . ;
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 56 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 44 hours.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 54 hours from San
Diego.
Sunr Pomona. Shea, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 66 hours from Willapa
Harbor. • . •
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, 50 hours from
Port Los Angeles. ; •
Stmr Kulton. Levtnson, 60 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Qreenwood, t"aeerlund, 14 hours from
¦\Vhitesboro.
"US stmr Giant, Bruguiere, 22 days t hours
from Manila, via Xagasaki 17 days 7 hours..
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, 96 hours from
Comox.
Schr Xorth Bend, Jackson, 4 days from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 4 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Volunteer, Bressem, 4 days from
Knapptcn. •
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED
val; the Alumna, lumber at Coos Bay for East
London. 80s. option of Cape Town, 65s, prior
to arrival; the J. L.. Eviston, lumber at Eure
ka for Australia; the Cavour, lumber at
Moodyville for West Coast, owner's account;
the Sixtus, lumber at Chemainus for Hamburg,
S3s, prior to arrival; the King- Edward, wheat
here for Europe, 3Ss. if barley SSs 6d, prior to
arrival; the S. C. Allen, merchandise here for
Honolulu.
THE LIGHTHOUSE TENDER MADRONO ON HER WAT BACK FROM THE FARALLONES WITH THE RE-
J. MAINS OF LIGHTKEEPER CAIN'S SON, WHO DIED SEVERAL DAYS AGO OF DIPHTHERIA. THE BODY
J WAS LANDED AT THE QUARANTINE STATION.
MANY MILLIONS
WILL BE SPENT
Entire Southern Pacific
System tp Receive
Overhauling". •
Vast Improvements to Bring
Road Up to Eastern
'y'\- Standard.,
CHICAGO. June 24.— Between $£9,000,000
and $40,000,000 is to bo spent by the South-
ern Pacific management Jn the . next few
years with the view of placing, the sys
tem in the best possible condition in
equipment and facilities. The problem of
bringing the road up to the standard in
these respects has been given to Presi
dent Hays' for solution, and most of, his
time will be devoted to it.- It was par
tially with a view to giving Hays every
opportunity of accomplishing the task in
the quickest possible time that Harriman
has given the traffic of the road exclu
sively into the charge of Stubbs.
Although the Southern Pacific in its
entirety is a fine property, there are few,
if any, great systems where there is need
of such an immense expenditure. Under
tne management of the late C. P. Hunt
ington very little money, comparatively
speaking, was expended yearly for ¦ bet
terments. Now thousands of miles of
flf ty-two-pound rails - must be replaced
with those weighing eighty-five or ninety
pounds, so that engines weighing .between
one hundred and one hundred and twen
ty-five tons may safely be operated over
them at a high rate of speed. Official
recognition has been given to the fact
that the curves must be straightened
where possible, grades reduced, roadbeds
bettered and wooden bridges and trestles
displaced by structures of steel over the
entire line. Improvement work all along
the line will be done, in such a manner
as not to interfere with the traffic. .
Impoverished by Unlucky Wagers
He Is Obliged to Pawn His
Watch.
Disheartened because of losses at race
track gambling that left him \pennlless.
Samuel Calloway lay down upon his bed
in the Sterling House yesterday fore
noon and shot himself through the brain.
Calloway kept a small cigar stand at
the corner of Third and Silver streets.
He was unable to pay his bills and was
obliged to pawn his watch to pay his room
rent. The body was discovered by L. L.
Ewing, a creditor who called at his room
to collect a bill for $19. Calloway was p
years old and a native of Missouri. He
was unmarried.
RACETRACK GAMBLING
CATJSES CALLOWAY'S DEATH
tend school and she can neither read nor
¦\vritf*
Secretary White has placed her in the
Children's Hospital, where her physical
and mental wants will receive due atten
tion.
' BATTALION OF ENGINEERS
ARRIVES AT PRESIDIO
Command Consists of Skilled ¦ Me
chanics and Will Leave for
Manila To-Day.
The second battalion of engineers ar-
rived at the Presidio yesterday from
Fort Totten, New York. It is bound for
Manila and will leave on the Hancock to-
Jay. The command consists of 362 en
listed men and 15 officers. The officers of
companies E r F, G and H, which form
the battalion are the following named:
Captains Henry Jervey, R. McGregor, J.
J. Morrow, \V\ H. Hartz and Lieutenants
J. A. Woodruff, E. M. Markham, G. B.
Pillsbury, E. N. Johnston, E. I. Brown,
A. Williams, Amos Fries, E. D. Beek, G.
Lukish and E. J. Dent.
Captain C. R. Gill, surgeon, U. S. V., is
in command of the medical detachment
accompanying the battalion.
The Fortieth Infantry, United States
Volunteers, was mustered out yesterday
at the Presidio. Major Gambril, pay
master. United States Army, paid the
men of the regiment $200,000. The Forty
second Infantry will receive its finals
Thursday.
Captain Murray Baldwin, Twenty-sixth
Infantry, has been ordered to join his
regiment in the Philippine Islands on the
first available transport.
Lieutenant Colonel John L. Chamber
lain, inspector general, now on temporary
duty as assistant to the inspector gen
eral of the Department of California, has
received orders assigning him to duty as
Inspector general of the department. He
•will relieve Colonel Maus, who has been
assigned to duty on the staff of Lieuten
ant General Miles at Washington. Cap
lain Alexander B. Dyer, artillery corps,
formerly recruiting officer in this city,
has been assigned to duty as Colonel
Chamberlain's assistant.
Contract Surgeons Frank R. Maura and
G. L. Marion have been ordered home by
the War Department for annulment of
contract.
Colonel William H. Forwood. formerly
chief surgeon of the Department of Cali
fornia, now acting chief surgeon of the
United States army, has been appointed
pres!dent of the ¦ faculty of the Army
Medical School.
FATHER SHOWS STRANGE
INHUMANITY TO CHZLD
Little Girl Is Bsaten Because She
Cannot Work With a Broken
Arm.
A case of neglect, most pathetic in Its
outcome, was investigated by the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
yesterday. Lucy B. Cain, a 9-year-old
child, living at 1116 Mission street, suf
fered a fracturo of the upper bone of her
left arm more than a month ago, and al
though a free clinic la situated directly
across the street, from her father's house
no effort was made to relieve her agonies,
and the injured member was allowed to
heal without skilled attendance, Aa a re
»ult the bortea have knitted Irregularly
and the arm la almost useless,
Her father la »a)d to be an Idle, disao,
lute character and a victim of tha mor
phine habit. He nays he "thought the girl
would get nlong all right without fussing
with a doctor." The nlttle gtrl eame un
der Vn« eare ot the loeiety enee before,
nneut a year npof when it was found that
her mether \v«n dying and that she waa
living In lurtfit*orib«l>lp nlili withmit the
pare of any one, Slnee her mother's
tlenth, which fteeurred shortly afterward,
ihe has been eomnelled to ele all the
housework for her father.
Of late she ht\? often been brutally beat
en because sh§ was not able t© perform
the duties assigned her on aeeount of her
broken arm. She l» umlerslsed for her age
and shows thu marks of hard treatment.
Her father has never allowed her to at-
Women called the vengeance of heaven
upon the marshals, and children hurled
stones at them. When nightfall came no
tice had been served on the strikers of
all the coal companies but one. and they
were to be served at Thacker. Fearing
an ambush, they waited until mornJng,
and early to-day set out for Thacker.
Some tirne before -noon they attempted to
serve the injunction. A mob followed,
enraged to desperation at the sweeping
character of the Injunction. One reckless
fellow fired the first shot, and almost In-
Etantly the mountain sides echoed the re
port th3t followed the crack ct twenty or
thirty rifles. The deputies fled, barely es
caping with thc-5r lives.
The Ftrike situation is assuming a most
serious stag*. Sheriff HatfieJd has with
drawn all his deputies because, it Is suid,
he does not believe in the police being
•used to put down the strike. The United
States Marshals have been alone, and aft
er being chased out of the field to-day it
la believed they will be strongly reln
fcreed and return to enforce the injunc
tion.
On their Journey from Bluefield the offi
cers were forced to travel twenty-five
miles on foot, owing to the destruction of
the railroad by flood. They reached Mat
tewan Sunday evening and immediately
began serving: notices of the injunction
which had been issued by Judge Jackson
of the Federal Court. A mob of strikers
followed, armed to the teeth with fire
arms. On all sides could be heard the
cry. "Down with government by injunc
tion!"
HTXTIKGTOK, W. Va., June 24.—To
day a posse of Deputy United States Mar-
Ehals, led by A. C. Hufford of Bluefield,
were fired on by the strikers and forced
to flee from the coal fields at llattewan.
OFFICERS ARE
FORCED TO FLEE
Fired on by Strikers They
Retreat Prom Coal
Fields.
President. George Coons; vice president, B.
Petcracs; recording «secretary. Joseph Leonard;
financial secretary, it. C. 1M wards; prees sec
retary. R. W. Esott; foreman, \V. H. WUde;
Inspectors— Samuel Hmlth. Joseph Gunther;
trusteeo — J. L. Wiaeman. Hobert Ruffles; dele
eaiefc to Han Francisco Labor Council — M. J.
r ¦. ::\ i-.!\. W. J*. Mdiii'.n; executive committee
-i:. J. Dowell, J, J. Gormau, £. W, UeacheU,
Barkeepers' International League, tara)
No. 111. has elected the following named
efflocrs:
i-i^r'.-.-i-.i |l, O, Han-tail; vte« president,
4an>e.i 13, Or*ene; thaplatn, Qeorge F\ l\ml«
•aa; rtpordtn* *ecr*very, EmM Qundlafh;
finanflhl ¦eervstary, \v, ku^u-i, ireanurer, It,
U...-, kn; n,s}*.«np— a. Ounupoul; teitreant at
•rm*. K. It, li«i«=r»Hann; t«uiMrt«> euai.i, A, t«
Jvlipwn; »i«*i«*« and auditing \<dmmUt«^»
Jt. J. Rjen, J>. 8. Hlggmi an4 Charlci
Bevea n^w members were Initiated.
International Brotherhood No. 141 of the
Root and Shoe Workers has elected the
following named officers:
The Retail Giocery Clerks' Association
has decided to continue the agitation for
the closing of all retail stores at 7 o'clock.
The charter will be closed at the next
meeting, after which date the initiation
fee •will be raised.
Hetail Grocery Clerks.
The votes will be forwarded to Wash
ington, D. C, and the result will be de
clared on July 8.
/'resident. William J. Clifford. Cincinnati.
Ohio; vice president, Harry Bruce, San Fran
cisco: general secretary-treasurer. James F.
McHiigh. Washington. D. C: member of ex
ecutive board from district Xo. 1. embracing
California, Nevada, Arizona, Colorado, Wyom
ing, Ntw Mexico, Montana. Orecoa. Idaho,
Washington and British Columbia. William
Child*. San Francisco.
A special meeting of the Stonecuters*
Union. San Francisco branch, was held at
B'nai B'rith Hall to express the choice of
the local branch for national . officers.
There is a large number of candidates
from all sections of the United States.
The choice of the local branch was as fol
lows: . '
Amalgamated Woodworkers* Union No.
152 wound up the affairs of the ball given
under its auspices at Odd Fellows' Hall
on June 8. More than $250 was realized.
Reports from committees Indicated that
the request for a nine-hour day at pres
ent rates of v.ages was being generally
granted.
President. R. L. Grimmer; first vice presi
dent. C. C. Phillips; second vice president, C.
A. Lewip; treasurer. Oswald Seifert; business
agent and recording secretary, J. C. Lane;
financial secretary. \V. L. Candle; sergeant at
arms. John Warren; auditing committee — Rob
ert Till^y. Charles Erown. Louis Meyer; execu
tive committee — C. D. Laughlln. M. P. Scott,
Robert Tilley. J. W. Beckhusen. George Ball,
H^rry Meyer. C. O. Brown, C. C. Phillips. \V.
T. Jefferson, Mrs. Field. F. Freemont, J. J.
O'Brien and Paul SuUerling; delegates to La
bor Council— \V. Babb. \V. A. 'Kagen. C. D.
Lauphlin. C. F. Fleischman. J. J. O'Brien A.
J. Oliver. J. "\V. McAdam. Robert Grimmer, J.
C. Lar.e. M. P. Scott and Charles Brown:
house trustees— F. Freemont, F. Brown and
Kobert Tilley.
After counting for nearly thirty-six
hours the returning board of the Cooks'
and Waiters' Alliance announced early
yesterday morning the results of the elec
tion for officers. Nearly 1500 ballots were
cast and the following named officers
were declared elected:
Cooks' and 'Waiters' Election-
President. A. E. Vray; vice president. G. F.
Aubertine; corresponding and financial secre
tary. I. Less; recording secretary, W. B. Cur
rier: guide. Al Granger; guardian, L. Gage;
delegates to Labor Council— G. F. Aubertiae.
J. J. Calish. W. U. Cliff. W. B. Currier. A.
Garfenkel anrt I. Less; finance committee — C.
Drachiceivch, G. W. Lane and I. Wldowski.
One of the most interesting contests in
the history of the Journeymen Barbers'
Union took place last night. At a late,
hour it was a close shave between Du
coyne and Mazriotto for representative to
the Labor Council. The officers whose
election was assured are as follows:
Reports of negotiations pending in
Eastern cities between the employers,
large manufacturers and others who con
trol the iron marts of the East and the
strikers seem to indicate an early ending
of the strike. Mutual concessions are be
ing made, according to telegrams received
at the headquarters in this city, but as to
the nature of their contents a .strict si
lence is maintained. Local strikers are
ready to resume work at once provided
their demand lor a nine-hour day with
ten hours' pay Is granted. The 12*£ per
cent advance over present wage schedules
originally asked has been withdrawn.
The striking Ironworkers were paid their
strike benefits yesterday at headquarters.
No decisive action has as yet been taken
by the Jobbing butchers in regard to the
supplying of meat to union eating-houses.
Restaurants that are being supplied by
them secured their meats as usual yester
day, but there was a feeling of unrest
manifest on both sides. It is said that un
less the union restaurant cards are re
moved decisive action will be taken. But
from whom tlv suggestion emanates and
•what moral or financial support the move
ment may have no one seems to be In a
position to predicate. Results are anx
iously awaited on both sides.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 22— Br ship
Andrata. from Oregon; Ger ship Carl, from
Tacoma; Ital ship - Cavallere Clampa, hence
Feb • 12; Br ship Crown of England, hence
Feb 21.
CALETA BUENA— Sailed June 20-Ger ship
Vasco de Gama. for San » Francisco.
BRISBANE— Arrived June 21— Br stmr Coa
na, from Vancouver. " . .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 20— Br stmr
Braemer, from Tacoma, via Hongkong. Prior
to June 22— Jap stmr America Maru. hence
ACAPULCO— Sailed June 20— Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco. -¦
FALMOUTH— Arrived June 22— Br ship Way
farer. }<ence Feb 27. -
FOREIGN PORTS.
Arrived May 31— Ger bark H F Glade, from
Honolulu. . ¦ . ¦-/".
• -LAHAIKA— Arrived May 31— Schr C H Mer
chant, from Port Ludiow. \ ¦.- .
HILO— Arrived May 31— Bark St Katharine,
hence Ma; 1 S.
KAHULUI- Arrived June 14— Bark Nuuanu,
from Honolulu. • • -
Men Are" All in Splendid Health and Delighted to Get Back—Steam
ship Makes a Record Run Trip to Manila and Return.
Ironworkers Hope for
an Early Settlement
of Strike.
»
Wholesale Butchers May Re
fuse Meat to Union
Restaurants.
BARBERS ELECT
THEIR OFFICERS
ARMY TRANSPORT GRANT IS HOME
WITH TWO REGIMENTS OF INFANTRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TTJESDAT; JIJNE 25, 1901.
TO ARRIVE.
May 29: Jap stmr Idzumi Maru, from Seattle.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to June 22 Br
stmr Queen Adelaide, from Tacoma. - '
Steamer Movements.
5
Steamer.
Destination.
Salls.
Pier.
Pier »
Pier %
Pier 2
Pier IS
Pier 8
Pier a
Pier U
Pier 3
Pier 0
5th 8t.
Pier 7
PUr n
Jnne 24.
Santa Barb'r Humboldt
Noyo Humboldt
a. Dollar...,'. Grays Harbor ....
Jane 23.
Eureka Humboldt ....,,.,..
Ciarlna. ...... Seattle and Tacoma
CltyPuebla,, I'uget Sound Ports
Hanlta.. ...... Ran Tedro ..,,,,,,
Jane SO,
North Fork,, Humboldt ,,,,,,,,,,
Pomona , Humboldt ,,.,,,,,,,
lttval,. ....... wtUapa Harbor,,,,
Australia,,,., Tahiti via Marq'ean
Corona,,,, ,,, ga n p^go ,.„,,,.,
Jane JJT, -
Hawaiian,,., Hawaiian Island*,,
Q, W, Elder. Aitarta ft Portland
Alllnne*....,. Portland * Cans fl,
fian .Ivian..... Panama ft Way pts
Nowlnirs..,,. Oray* HarVw „.,
AruvU,, ...... N, V, via 1'anama
.Wont**.. ...... Coos Bay ....,.,..,
.lllllK lift,
f'Mtu*.,,.,..., f 'hlitrt a Japan....,
V,nrt\rtit»Urt.... Honolulu .,......,.,
<?oronafle..... H<*alUe ft Rv^wtt..
Urtti IVdro.... Utihiliulili .,,,,,,.,,
t'oo» llay..... Npwjteft ..,..,,,,..
Point Arena.. Point Arena ,.,,,,
Empire....... t*eoK Bay ......,,,,,
June no. |
Walla Walla. Puptet Bound Port*
Hatitn Uopn... gan )H«Ht) ..........
.Inl) 1.
it. Dollar Seattle A Hadtock.
\V*. H. Krugtel Tlllttmook Bay ....
5 pm
5 pm
5 t pm
9 am
12 m
U am
9 am
9 am
1:30 p
5 pm
1Q »iu
9 am
9 am
11 am
Spm
U m
8 pm
S urn
U «n
PlerM
Pier 8*
Pier \«
PM88
JMep 3
H.W. I
Pier 13
1 pm
8j»m
S fin
10 am
8 am
fvm
\<) am
PMgg
Pier T
Plop 9
Pier 9
rler 11
Pier 1
Pier IS
>
It am
6 nin
Mep 6
Pier 11
Pier 3
Pler-
etcampr.
Destination.
I Sails.
Nome City.....
Excelsior.......
Dolphin........
City of Seattle.
Dlrlgo
Alkl
Senator
Cottage City...
Chas. Nelson..
Roanoke
J. S. Klmball.
Nome, Teller & Topkuk June 23
Valdez A Way Ports.. June 25
Bkaguay & Way Ports. June 2.1
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Skasuay & Way Ports. June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Nome ;dlrect June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 30
Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Fouth Coast... San Pedro IJune '4
Grace Dollar... Redondo IJune 2 1
Newburg Grays Harbor June 25
Progreso Tacoma June 25
Mackinaw Seattle .: June 28
Arcata Coos Bay ';. June 26
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports June 26
Robert Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock June 28
Algoa Oyster Harbor....' June 26
Crescent City.. Crescent City ..June 27
Curacao.. Mexican Ports June 27
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts. June 27
Point Arena.... Point Arena June 27
Santa Rosa.... San Diejjo June 27
Zealand la...... Honolulu ;., Jane 27
Alliance.. Portland & Coos Bay.. June 27
Mattewan Tacoma ".;...:....".;. .¦..'.. June 27
San Pedro :. Humboldt iJune 27
Coos Bay Newport IJune 27
Kureka : Humboldt IJune 23
Empire Coos Bay June 23
Doric China & Japan June 21
San Jose. Panama & Way Ports. June 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 23
Rainier Seattle & X. Whatcom. June 29
Coronado Redondo June "9
Pomona Humboldt June 29
Tltanla Nanalmo '. June 30
Mandalay...:... Coquille River June 30
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro .". „ June 30
Bonlta San Pedro June 30
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. July 1
St..Paul Nome & St. Michael... July 1
Tucapel. .:..... Valparaiso & Way Pts. July 1
* Time Time Time ; Tlmt •
Date — Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W HW L XV H W
25 ... 1:02 1.5 7:13 3.7 12:06^2.0 700 ; B «
2C .. 1:51 1.0 8:22 .3.7 12:53 2.4 7:41 57
27... 2:35 0.6 9:25 3.8 1:40 2.7 8:15 57
18 ... 3:15 0.2 10:18 4.0 2:23 3.0 8:49 s'r
29 ... '3:52—0.1 11:02 .4.4 3:10 3.1 -9:21 58
30 ... 4:29 0.4 11:44 4.5 3:52 3.1 10:00 5.9
1 ..| 5:05 — 0.6| 12:24f 4.7|. 4:36|- 3.0| 10:37 5.9
Steamer.
Destination.
Salls.
Pier.
Pier »
Pier %
Pier 2
Pier IS
Pier 8
Pier a
Pier U
Pier 3
Pier 0
5th 8t.
Pier 7
PUr n
Jnne 24.
Santa Barb'r Humboldt
Noyo Humboldt
a. Dollar...,'. Grays Harbor ....
Jane 23.
Eureka Humboldt ....,,.,..
Ciarlna. ...... Seattle and Tacoma
CltyPuebla,, I'uget Sound Ports
Hanlta.. ...... Ran Tedro ..,,,,,,
Jane SO,
North Fork,, Humboldt ,,,,,,,,,,
Pomona , Humboldt ,,.,,,,,,,
lttval,. ....... wtUapa Harbor,,,,
Australia,,,., Tahiti via Marq'ean
Corona,,,, ,,, ga n p^go ,.„,,,.,
Jane JJT, -
Hawaiian,,., Hawaiian Island*,,
Q, W, Elder. Aitarta ft Portland
Alllnne*....,. Portland * Cans fl,
fian .Ivian..... Panama ft Way pts
Nowlnirs..,,. Oray* HarVw „.,
AruvU,, ...... N, V, via 1'anama
.Wont**.. ...... Coos Bay ....,.,..,
.lllllK lift,
f'Mtu*.,,.,..., f 'hlitrt a Japan....,
V,nrt\rtit»Urt.... Honolulu .,......,.,
<?oronafle..... H<*alUe ft Rv^wtt..
Urtti IVdro.... Utihiliulili .,,,,,,.,,
t'oo» llay..... Npwjteft ..,..,,,,..
Point Arena.. Point Arena ,.,,,,
Empire....... t*eoK Bay ......,,,,,
June no. |
Walla Walla. Puptet Bound Port*
Hatitn Uopn... gan )H«Ht) ..........
.Inl) 1.
it. Dollar Seattle A Hadtock.
\V*. H. Krugtel Tlllttmook Bay ....
5 pm
5 pm
5 t pm
9 am
12 m
U am
9 am
9 am
1:30 p
5 pm
1Q »iu
9 am
9 am
11 am
Spm
U m
8 pm
S urn
U «n
PlerM
Pier 8*
Pier \«
PM88
JMep 3
H.W. I
Pier 13
1 pm
8j»m
S fin
10 am
8 am
fvm
\<) am
PMgg
Pier T
Plop 9
Pier 9
rler 11
Pier 1
Pier IS
>
It am
6 nin
Mep 6
Pier 11
Pier 3
Pler-
etcampr.
Destination.
I Sails.
Nome City.....
Excelsior.......
Dolphin........
City of Seattle.
Dlrlgo
Alkl
Senator
Cottage City...
Chas. Nelson..
Roanoke
J. S. Klmball.
Nome, Teller & Topkuk June 23
Valdez A Way Ports.. June 25
Bkaguay & Way Ports. June 2.1
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Skasuay & Way Ports. June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Nome ;dlrect June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 30
Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
* Time Time Time ; Tlmt •
Date — Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W HW L XV H W
25 ... 1:02 1.5 7:13 3.7 12:06^2.0 700 ; B «
2C .. 1:51 1.0 8:22 .3.7 12:53 2.4 7:41 57
27... 2:35 0.6 9:25 3.8 1:40 2.7 8:15 57
18 ... 3:15 0.2 10:18 4.0 2:23 3.0 8:49 s'r
29 ... '3:52—0.1 11:02 .4.4 3:10 3.1 -9:21 58
30 ... 4:29 0.4 11:44 4.5 3:52 3.1 10:00 5.9
1 ..| 5:05 — 0.6| 12:24f 4.7|. 4:36|- 3.0| 10:37 5.9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Fouth Coast... San Pedro IJune '4
Grace Dollar... Redondo IJune 2 1
Newburg Grays Harbor June 25
Progreso Tacoma June 25
Mackinaw Seattle .: June 28
Arcata Coos Bay ';. June 26
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports June 26
Robert Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock June 28
Algoa Oyster Harbor....' June 26
Crescent City.. Crescent City ..June 27
Curacao.. Mexican Ports June 27
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts. June 27
Point Arena.... Point Arena June 27
Santa Rosa.... San Diejjo June 27
Zealand la...... Honolulu ;., Jane 27
Alliance.. Portland & Coos Bay.. June 27
Mattewan Tacoma ".;...:....".;. .¦..'.. June 27
San Pedro :. Humboldt iJune 27
Coos Bay Newport IJune 27
Kureka : Humboldt IJune 23
Empire Coos Bay June 23
Doric China & Japan June 21
San Jose. Panama & Way Ports. June 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 23
Rainier Seattle & X. Whatcom. June 29
Coronado Redondo June "9
Pomona Humboldt June 29
Tltanla Nanalmo '. June 30
Mandalay...:... Coquille River June 30
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro .". „ June 30
Bonlta San Pedro June 30
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. July 1
St..Paul Nome & St. Michael... July 1
Tucapel. .:..... Valparaiso & Way Pts. July 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ST-A.TE3^E3SrT
COlMDITIok AIVD AFFAIRS
OF THE
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN. IK THE STATE OP
N«w York, on the Slst day of December.
A. D. 1900. and for the year ending on that
day. aa made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to tne provi-
sions of sections SIO and 611 ot the Political
Code, condensed aa per blank furnished by tSv»
Commissioner.
CAPITAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash • ••• • $380,000 00
ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company |3tt,W 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 734, &9 M
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company. no, 173 50
A .noun t of loans secured by pledga ..-<?"'-•
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar- . -
ketable securities as collateral..... ISI.ni J7
Cash In Company's Ofnce... ......... n,tm 17
Cash tn Banks.-, ., lOd.Jii S3
interest due and accrued en alt
Stocks an* Loa-M 13,80 T*
Interest duo and accrue* en Bonds
and Mart«a*«a ,,,,,,.,,,,,,,,,.,,,,,, I7.S.M 71
pfewluma In 4ue Course ot eeU«et«©n M5,tftt »t
Rents du» and aeerued .,, «ffl 00
Hue from ether Companies far He.
Inmnnct «n'loim Greatly paid,,, l.rJ0\
Toui au«u .ta.«a.m a
tlii" in preeew* e( Adjustment «r
liM#8 rtil»t«l. lnelu4lnt «P«ni«.. I.M9 M
Orest p«mt«t«« en rir* R*»n»-
nintf on« year or lean. IU3.3S9 64;
KKittfSnw M p« wnty.... K7.MIM
Ombs BMtnlum* en Flr« Rlifcs run.
Hi"* wore than on« year, IU441,-
sea co; r«tnturane« pro rata Ttt.tll M
Total Liabilities .n.nt,wa w
INCOME. -——
Net cash actually teeelted for Tin
premiums -••.. •• $9S«.»«0 1«
Received for interest on i>onas ana
Mortgages ............................. 43.233 04
Received tor -Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
¦ all other sources 37.(28 W
Received for Renta 4.383, »1
Received from all other sources S40 «3
Total Income S1.025.0SS 33
i,t ¦ « . EXPENTJITCRE3.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding (91.803 08. losses ot previous «
years) 1367.443 43
Dividends, to Stockholders 50,240 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage : 179.248 12
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc ¦ 92.930 37
Paid for State, National and Local .
taxes • 43.267 44
All other payments and expenditure* 108,514 83
Total Expenditures ..?. J1.046.M2 40
' Fire.
Losaea Incurred during the year 1570.430 80
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Met amount • of Risks
written during the
year • $159,364,200 $1,500,351 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during the .
year • 1^.037.700 1.121.035 72
Net amount In force! . - •
December, 31. 1000.. ...I 2K.529.2C0 2.157.191 CO
C. PATTERSON. Vice Prwt.
TVVH. STEVENS. Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2Stl»
day of January. 1901. C. F. PECK.
. Notary Public.
EDWARD 'BROWN & SONS,
."v '-;' GENERA'-' AGENTS.
411-13 Caiiferira St., San Francisco, Ga!.
'GHO. H. mURDOCK,
: \ *'- - CITY AGEIST.
_• '412 California Street.
WEEK^ CALL
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAH
* MUSEUM OF AHATOMY
A '-'- Cjj& < . X051 limiT ST.tet. 6:i47:i, S.r.Cal.
V '' t^; The Larcest Anatomical Museum in the
K «eA»*&. World - ¦ Weaknesses or any contracted
V flhg gn disease po-iitivrl^ cured hy the oldest
CD SB 23 1 Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years.
4 tffSfft DR * J0 R DAN - D ISEASES OF MEN
A f (SjErafl Consultation free and strictly prmte.
Q I J£*«7 H Treatment personally or by letter. A
\ . 1 hf <\l B Positive Curt in every case undertaken.
A F II llW Write for Book. PniLOSUPnV of
r . • j.:'.p.BABBi*i;B. mailed free, u
X '-; , y, 1 ; Taluable book for mm) - ¦:
f OB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., S. F.
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
OBJEYERSiCO,
Specialists. Disease
and weakness of
men. Establis h e d
18S1. Consultation
and private * book
fjee, at office or by
mail. I Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket 7 street (eleva-
tor entrance), San
Francisco.
The above testimonials are only two
of 50,000 letters received touching the
merits of Peruna as a catarrhal tonic.
No more useful remedy to tone up the
system has ever been devised by the
medical profession.
A book on the catarrhal diseases of
summer will be mailed to any address,
upon request, by The Peruna Medlcina
Co.. Columbus. Ohio.
The only safe course to take is to keep
the blood pure, digestion good and sleep
regular. No remedy equals in all re-
spects Peruna fci these purposes. If the
system is run down and weakened by ca-
tarrh, Peruna renovates and rejuvenates
the nerves and brain.
Nervous Debility.
Every one who is In the least degree
subject to nervousness, sleeplessness,
prostration, mental fatigue or nervous
debility In any form finds the hot weath-
er of June, July and August very hard to
bear, If not dangerous..^.
.'.'It is . with pleasure I recommend Pe-
runa as a tcnic of unusual merit. ¦ A
large number of prominent members of
the different orders . with which I have
been connected have been cured by the
use of Peruna of cases of catarrh of the
stomach and head; also in kidney com-
plaint and weakness of the pelvic organs.
'"It tones up the system, aids diges-
tion, induces sleep, and is well worthy
the confidence of sufferers of the above
complaints."— H. S. Emory. ¦:.'¦ ".- ."
Catarrh of Stomach.
H. S. Emory, Vice Chancellor and Mas-
ter of Arms, K. P.'s, of Omaha, Nebr.,
writes from 213 North Sixteenth street,
the following words of praise for Peruna
as a tonic. He says:
"This is to certify that Peruna,
manufactured by the Peruna Medi-
cine Co., of Columbus, 0., has been
ussd in my family with success. It
is a fine tonic and will build up a de-
pleted system rapidly. I can recom-
mend it to those who need a sate
vegetable remedy for debility." —
W. F. Aldrich. .
Hon. W. F. Aldrich, Congressman
from Alabama, writes from Washington,
Depleted System
Rapidly/'
Says: "It Will Build Up a
CONGRESSMAN AIDRIOI
ENDORSES THE TONIC, PERUNA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPAKY
OF HARTFORD, In the State of Connecticut,
on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1300.
and for the year ending: on that day; made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the requirements of sec-
tl-n 61i of tne Political Code of said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of real estate owned by * •
th-« company $12,034,336 4.
Amount of loans secured by bond
and mortgage on real estate 25.469.473 9«
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral 2.300 00
Premium notes and loans in any
form taken in payment of pre-
miums on policies now in force.... 763.S61 90
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company 23.S33.S10 30
Amount of cash deposited In banks S2S.971 00
Interest due and accrued 9S0.S91 12
Rents due and accrued 21.2IS 00
Net amount of premiums in process
of collection, and of deferred .
premiums 322.521 35
. Total assets j64.965.l76 15
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death Josses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid......* 13,143 50
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments in process of adjust*
tnent, or adjusted but not due,,,,, 175. S3* 00
Claims resisted by the company.,,, 33,211 33
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ao»
cording to the oomblned experience
tables oh mortality, with wur per
cent interest „,.. Bfl.JCi.tSD oo
Amount of all wnpal4 dividend! to
policy holder* ...............'..I.... •rr,»<w is
All other liabilities .................. 837,i*a Ti
Total ltAMHUei .,,,yjT3,«TT>
INCOME. «*=——-
Cash received fer premiums en new
fmlleleg during the year............* 41S.M4 «1
Cash ree»lv«l ter renewal ef pre«
mtump riuftnt the year ........... 4,149,147 31
t*neh received far «Ale et annuities SS,ftl3 44
i'««t\ received tar Interest............ 9,853,18? T*
Cash received fer rents........,,.,.,. 407.4*1 19
Cash received from all ether^ioureea Ttt 00
Total ineeme .,..,.. ........< i.047,MU3
EXPENDITURES. *
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments ......... ...............$ 4,119.695 19
Cash paid to annuitants 2,1x13 73
Paid for surrendered pottciea MM«5 93
Paid for dividends to policy holders 1,306,439 is
Commissions paid to agents 390,479 67
Balarles and other compensation of
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners 153.SSS 51
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 13.249 SO
Medical examiners' fees and salaries 23.913 23
Cash paid for taxes 893,099 69
Cash paid for rents S.307 33
All other cash payments ' 412,870 62
Total expenditures during; the \ ¦•
year $8,083.332 97
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT. *
Premium ¦ notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year.. J829, 945 23
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year.. 793 CO
Total IS3O.73S 23
Deductions during the year, as fol- '
lows: |.
Amount of notes and other. ¦; *
premium obligations used
In payment of losses and ¦
claims- $18.r711S
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
in purchase . of surren-
dered policies ............ 5,133 57
Amount of notes and other :
- premium obligations used . . •
In payment of dividends ,».].';
to policy holders .: 30,303 4S
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations void- v
ed by lapse of policies.... 1.123 00
i Amount of notes and other
premium obligations re-
deemed by maker in cash 11.9S2 SO
Total reduction of premium-note
account 8 66,876 33
Balance, note assets at end of the (
year...... S763.S61 90
JACOB L.-GREENE; President.
HERBERT II. "WHITE. Secretary-,
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of February. 1901. NATHAN F. PECK. ',
- ' . ¦Notary Public.
A; K.' P. "HARMON,
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT
'/:'¦'. Pacific Coast Agencies- r-*
F. R.NOYES. General Agent,
MILLS BUILDIN G,
. ' Jjan Francisco, Col.
I fA^^^GUARANTEES I
I u •"¦¦tl fcBlto 1
ICOMPANTS E3 £7M^ <r i
? f* * w^ mmm — st^ — » ****** — ¦m»q^
;: / -^-> : ¦¦ ' f/ ~ \
I Hen. TV. F. Aldrich. ?
111! §
H .-« TbI» Great Train ra
I ¦ u runs but twiw g
I per weak during 53
I mlliSDII %£§, I
H Tur Leaving at 9 am, S
rJ * nb • .. . . -'¦ , g
a II arrives in E
1 Pfiiirnn&iEa Chlca90at215 1
llaLruoil pacnTh^^l
I V"fc"UUHW wd Sunday
IIIIIFfl ~ 1
LIESU.L&J Its hiflU standard |
of service is 3
OH fully maintained. |TUESDAY ......JUNE 25. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Attrttt All Comannleation* to W. 8. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICES. .. *-J^T*}*J!}^!^Z^' ??£-JQX
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Tblrd, S. F.
Telephone Prew SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 8teTen«on St.
Telephone Pre«» 203. ;
Delivered »»r Carrier*. 15 Centn Per Weefc.
Slnzle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Including Postages
UA.IL.T CALL Oneladintr Suncay). ona year %t.V\
DAILY CALL <lncludln«; 6unday). « montha ».W
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). S months l.M
DAILY CALL— By Slnjrfe Month J «So
WEEKLY CALL. Ona Year 1.09
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
¦nbscrlptlens.
Eaznpte copies •will be forwarded when requested.
Man nbacrtbera In ordering; chanre of addrera should be
particular to «1va both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a, prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadwar
C. GEOKGE KROG?:ESS.
Kicirtr Foreign Adrertii ing, Mtrq aetta Bsllding, Chicago,
dons; Distance Telephone "Central IC19.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.V Herald Square *
NEW YORK. REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH.. 30 Tribune Ball dine:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldcrf-ABtarim Hotel; A. Brentano. H Union Square;
atunrny Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cfaerman Bouse: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
*> »im..'iit JToo»»: Aoaitorlum Hotel. .
Stop Diarrhae and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Klesrert'3 Genuine Imported Angostura Bitter*. •
Dr. Sanf ord's I.iver Invigorator.
BestLiver Medicine, VegetableCure for Liver Ills,
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria.
The Santa Fe Route train leaving San Fraa
c!sco.4:20 p. m. dally now runa through to
Fresno, making the shortest time between Saa
Francisco. Stockton, Merced and Fresno.
Good Service and Quick Time.
Official Haute Christian Endeavorers
"" to Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Burlington Route via Denver has beea
selected as the official route. Through Pullman
Tourist Sleeping Cars to Cincinnati will leave
San Francisco July 1 at 6 p. m. Tickets on
sale June 30 to July 1; rate. {76 50 for round
trip. July 1-2 we will sell round trip tickets
to Detroit at JS3 23: July 3-4 to Chicago JT2 50.
and to Buffalo JS7. For - sleeping car berths
call on or address W. D. Sanborn, General
Agent, £31 Market street.
Montgomery, Ala., and Columbus, Ga
have both recently passed ordinances re
quiring street railways to- provide separ
ate accommodation for the colored pas
sengers, either by partitioning the cars
or the provision of separate "Jim Crow"
cars.
"The Santa Fe to Merced and staea thenc»
via Mercert Falls. Coulterville. Hazel Green
Merced, Bic Trees. Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls to Sentinel Hotel. This gets you In
at 5 in, the afternoon, which Is ahead of any
other line and costs you Ies3- Ask at frll Mar
ket st. for particulars.'* •
Quickest Way to Yosemite.
-Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tna
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 104i •*'#
CaL glace fruit EOc per lb at Town send' 9. •
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace HoUl*
• Citizen— Yes, I have to be. -If I can't get
up early and cut grass without the neigh
bors -hearingr me vl'll have to lend that
lawn mower seven * times v bef ore I get , to
use it 'again "myself. —Record Herald.
¦ .-.¦• ¦ • „-• ¦..¦:
-AN ARTLESS DODGER.
Citizen— I. want a 1 perfectly noiseless
lawn mower. . : ' ,
Dealer— You are a very considerate per
son.' . .
Her-There, dear, after toiling and; plan
ning for years, we have at last been able
to buy this beautiful home, and you ought
to be perfectly happy. ' •
./She— But I'm not.
;He-AVhaf_s the- matter? • •
She— I know we shall never be able to
sell it.— Harper's Bazaar.
"I'm afraid Pj I can't interest vmy five
year-old .Elsie* in fairy tales any longer."
"And why not?"
: "I; was -telling, her about the 'Forty
Thieves,' and when I got to' the forty oil
jars with a thief in each jar, what do you
suppose ; she' said?"
V "I give it up." '
"She said, 'Wouldn't that Jar you?' "_
Plain Dealer. " : : _" ' ... •
"John: Hain't you hearn tell that- I
am on a sick bed.' where I am slowly a
dyin', an' can't write a line to save my
life, you fool, you?"— Atlanta Constitu
tion. •
This is the way he wrote to her:
"Molly: I has not had a line from you
in three weeks.' Has you throwed - me
over?" ' . ' .*, /
And this is the way she answered him:
Major Crust — So you refuse me. Miss
Fondant? Miss F.— I am very sorry, Ma
jor Crust, but your son just proposed, to
me, , and I accepted him. Major C. — Good
gracious! You don't mean to say the boy
has been such a fool! — Tit-Bits.
"Why can't a man's nose be longer than
eleven inches?'.' ¦
"Oh, if it were over twelve it would be
a foot."— Tale Record.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
;At a recent conference the owners: of cotton mills
in Georgia . decided to abolish * child labor in their!
factories, and. thus another important step has been
taken in" the upward. road , that -is to bring the in
dustries of the South on a 'lever with "those of the
rest of the Union.
; The occurrence of so many strike's in this season
Of' prosperity may justify a conclusion' that^ prosper
ity.causes'strikes, but it remains to be seen how many
it -can cause before it collapses.
The report that Lord Pauncefote is toehold the
office of British Embassador to the United States
until the Nicaraguan canal question. is settled must be
erroneous, or else it is the .intention - of the British
Government to give the old man the place as a per
manency and let him "amuse "himself With, the job for
the rest of his life. \ J
Frederic Harrison has done us something of in
justice in his. assertion: "Life in the States is one
perpetual'whirl of telephones, telesems, phonographs,
electric bells, motors, ; lifts and automatic instru
ments." No American would accept a "lift" even in
a whirl; nothing less than an- ( elevator. suits us.
Senator Burrows has announced -that at the com
ing session , of Congress he will propose an amend
ment to the constitution providing' that when s a
vacancy in the Seriate shall occur by failure of a
State Legislature to elect, it shall be the duty of the
Governor.to issue a proclamation calling for the elec
tion of a Senator by the people. The proposition is a
good one and will doubtless have strong support.
gun in one hand and a hatchet in the other.
It has been noted by political experts that the Re
publican party is now free of factions and feuds for
the first time in thirty years; while the elements
of opposition are more hopelessly divided than at any
time since i860. It, seems as if the people as a whole
have decided to settle down to sound money and
protection and let Republican statesmen run the
government. •
Lo Chin On, a mandarin who has been sent to New
York to study railroads "and American commercial
methods, is reported to have said that he regards
the Boxer uprising as a blessing in disguise, and that
good will come out of it in the end. In the. mean
time the cheerful optimist will continue to draw his
salary in New York and keep away from the place
where the disguised blessing is going around with a
The Sunday Call recently published interviews on
this subject with a number of our most observant
and experienced mountaineers. They all: agree r that
the need is pressing/and that the Federal reservatioris l
are rapidly preparing for destruction by accumu
lation of drift -and dead timber. They point to 'the
The rapid extirpation of these forests by fire is not
creditable to the State. Two sessions of the Legis
lature have passed since the subject of protection of
timber- was pointedly agitated and called to public
attention. Plans for prevention were formulated and
discussed fruitlessly. The State has commissions to
officially regulate the shaving of a man's chin and
the amputation of his hair. It has a board that regu
lates the men who pull teeth and administer emetics.
It has official oversight of architecture provided by
law. Commissions, boards and regencies abound,
sumptuously endowed with public authority to do
everything from pursuit of the white cushiony cotton
scale to the damming of slickens. But it has no
one charged with the duty of preventing the wicked
and wanton destruction of "the forests. The last
Legislature appropriated $250,000 to buy the redwood
forests of the Great Basin. That was proper and
praiseworthy. But that limited forest area lying near
the coast exerts but little influence upon the cli
mate and fertility of the State compared to the' vast
and disappearing forests of the Sierras. If the same
Legislature had given a. few thousands to secure for
est patrols under the guidance of experienced for
esters, with authority to, arrest and bring to swift
punishment the criminal and the careless who set, fire
or permit it to escape, the benefit to the State in the
long run would have been much' greater. All of this
work is left to such voluntary effort as can.be made
by the California and Sierra clubs* and the Waters
and Forest Society.: But all they can do is to urge
legislation and goad. public opinion into influencing
the law makers, for they have no official authority,
and it would be a waste of money for them to pro
vide an unofficial patrol, for wrongdoers would safely
defy it.
The destruction of our forests by fire has not even
the solace of present profit in it The present and
the future are both losers, and of the waste there is
no possible repair. The late rains in the mountains
this year produced an abundant crop of grass which
is now dry and ready to catch from the cigarette or
camp fire of the hunter and camper.. Already enough
timber is burning to obscure the view of the high
mountains from the foothills, and before the quench
ing rains of September the destruction of the forests
will probably exceed that of any past year. It is the
belief of observers familiar with the mountains that
the area- swept by fires is annually increasing, and the
timber destroyed thereby is five times greater than
the yearly cut for commercial purposes. The lum
berman has some excuse for hastening to get all his
timber into merchantable shape, in the certainty that
it will be burned unless he gathers it in.
THE FOREST FIRES.
THE commercial instinct was gratified and the
State was startled by the recent report of a cut
of nearly 700,000 feet of sugar pine lumber in
one week by one mill in the Sierras. It implies the
rapid disappearance of our forests of most valuable
timber, without any means being provided to secure
on the same land another crop. But, after all, it is
putting the present crop to economic use, and though
future generations will miss it, the present one gets
some money out of it.
If you were appointed under the civil
service rules and were discharged for lack
of funds and that now there is an ODnor
tunityito go to work again and you are
refused reinstatement you should make
your complaint to the Civil . Service On™
mission at Washington, D.C. m "
Persons ; who served in the military or
naval service of the United States and
were discharged by reason of disabilities
resulting. from wounds or sickness Incur
red In -the line of. duty are, under the
civil . service rules, given certain prefer
ences. They. are released from all maxll
mum age .limitations, are eligible for ap
pointment at a grade of 65, while all others
are obliged to obtain a grade of 70 and
are certified to appointing officers before
all others. Subject to the other condi
tions of the rules, arty person who served
In the military or naval service of thi»
United States in the War of the Reoell on
or Spanish-Amerfcan war and was hon
orably discharged , therefrom, or the wid
ow of any jS uch person, or. any army
nurse of said war. may be reinstate
without regard to the length of Sm? ne
or she has been separated from the ser
vice. .
MARE ISLAND— M. L.. p ort Cost _
Cal. Nearly every position In the naw'
yard at Mare Island is under civil service
rule. Soldiers and sailors are preferred
claimants for positions. '
THERMOMETER— I. D. T CUy T
convert Fahrenheit to centrigrade " sub
tract 32 and multiply by 100-1SO. or 3-9
Vice versa. To pass from centigrade to
Fahrenheit multiply, by 9-5 and add 32
In the Fahrenheit scale the freezi*i<"
point is 32 degrees and the boiling pohu
is 212degrees, so that the space between
these is divided into 212-32. or lS> ££"
parts or degrees. In the centigrade scale
ther freezing point is the zero, but toe
boiling point is 100. It is easy to reduce
from one scale to another. To ascertain
the centigrade reading for 77 Fahrenhei"-
The numbers in the Fahrenheit scale are
all too great by 32, because 32 and not 0
stands for the freezing point. Subtract 32
from- 77 and 45 remains. Hence the re
quired number of centigrade degrees must
bear the same ratio to the 100 from freez
ing to boiling point in that scale that the
45 bears to the 180 degrees between the
same limits in Fahrenheit : the requisite
number therefore is 45-180 100, equals 23
centigrade.
OLD-TIME ACTOR-C. L., City. There
was an old-time actor named- Ed N
Thayer who played with McCullough at
the old California Theater. He was a
member of the stock company. This de
partment does no't know of any Thomas
Thayer who played with McCullough at
that theater. If there was such a. person
he must have taken very insignificant
parts, as his name does- not appear in
the list of those whp were prominent on
the boards of the California.
IN CASE OF POISONING-Subscriber.
City. In case of poisoning the following
rules are laid down: First, send for a
Physician at once. In the meantime in
duce vomiting by tickling the throat with
either a finger or feather. Make the par
ty who took the poison swallow hot water
or strong water and mustard; also sweet
oil or the whites of eggs. Acids are anti
dotes for alkalies, and vice versa.
It is impossible to tell how much it wouM
l°Z 1° £ r Z an Oil wel1 ' or what machin
ery would be requisite without knowledge
of the character of ground. To tell the
cost of boring and the kind of machinery
that is requisite for each particular kind
of ground would occupy from two to three
columns of space.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
ASSATS-J. S. F. W., Austin. Nev. The
University of California will assay rock
and te,, wnat lt conta , nSf -J «*
give the percentage. There are a nuxb
of assay offices in San Francisco that ¦* I
furnish results In detail. The cost of sucii
assays is from $20 up.
manded the Wasp during a voyage to
south America. For two successive years
ne was stationed at the Boston navy yard
and until 1S83 passed his time first at the"
United States Naval Academy and after
7m l a m- h t New York navy y ard - **>«»
inu to 1S& he commanded the Wachusett.
While the league has thus rendered a service to the
community as a whole, it has not been neglectful of
its mission to advance Republicanism. Called into
existence for the purpose of ridding the party of any
danger of boss domination, and as far as possible
eliminating factions from the party ranks, it has ad
dressed itself to the party as a whole and has invited
to its membership all who stand for genuine Republi
canism. The character of the organization is attest
ed by the character of the men chosen to direct its
affairs, and by those selected to act as an advisory
committee. These gentlemen are known as the ex
emplars of a broad and comprehensive party loyalty.
The organization has no particular candidate to sup
port nor any to oppose. It seeks only to bring out
the full strength of the rank and file of the party at
the primaries so that the delegates elected to the nom
inating convention may be truly representative of the
party. A convention made up of such delegates can
be relied upon to nominate a ticket that all Republi
cans and independent dozens will be willing to sup
port
To such an organization there can be no objection
except on the part of men who have factional in
stincts, or who are desirous of playing the part of
leaders in order to gratify an uneasy vanity or to
promote the ambitions of some candidate who pre
fers to trust to intrigue rather than to make an open
canvass before the party as a whole. Such men are
naturally in opposition to the league, for the league
is in opposition to their schemes. It is hardly
credible, however, that any man who possesses a fair
amount of political sagacity will advertise himself as
a would-be boss^by setting up a faction and trying to
split the party on the very eve of the campaign.
It is now the duty of all Republicans to unite with
the league and co-operate in the work of making the
primary elections not only fair and honest as the
law designs, but a full and clear expression of the
will of that great body of good citizens who make up
the party strength. There may be here and there
some notoriety •seeker or office seeker who will
try to push himself to the front, and* who
will take to himself a high sounding title, parad
ing as chairman of this or president of that, assuming
to speak for some mythical committee or association
of the part)', but he will not seriously disturb the
harmony that prevails among the rank and file. This
is to be a campaign for victory. The way to accom
plish it has been pointed out by the Republican
JLeague and is summed up in three words: register
fpd unite. . ' . "•
REGISTER AND UNITE.
BY the Republican Primary League there has
been issued an earnest appeal upon the sub
ject of registration. The appeal points out
that "all citizens not registered at the last election
should register; all who came of age since the last
general election also, and all citizens not registered
who have secured a legal residence in the State and
county since the last general election; all foreign-born
citizens naturalized within ninety days next preceding
the last ger-ral election and prior to May 15, 1901;
all electors who have changed their residence from
another county in this State to this county since the
last general election and prior to May 15, 1901, should
register. The largest class who must register is where
a citizen was registered but has moved out of his
precinct All this class must register in order to
vote. All citizens who are on the register and who
have made no , change of residence since the last
general election need not register."
It will be noted that the appeal is not addressed to
Republicans only but to all citizens. It is in no sense
partisan. Its object is to arouse the voters to a con
sciousness of the importance of primary elections, so
that they may register and secure their right to take
part in them. The approaching primary election is
to be held on August 13, and registration so far as
that election is concerned will close on August 3.
Those facts should be impressed upon the minds of
business, working and professional men, who are so
apt to overlook political -duties and neglect the pri
maries.
CAPTAIN MAHAN, THE GREAT
'AUTHORITY ON NAVAL TOP
* ICS.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 24.— The
following Callfornlans registered to-day;
At" the National— E. W. Ehmann, R. G.
Lincoln; at the St. James— Mr. and Mrs.
L. G. Kaufman, John J. Wither; at the
Ebbltt— W. C. Bunner; at the Albany—
Hon. E. F. Loud, all from San Francisco.
Calif ornians in "Washington.
Edmund . F. Flinn, who worked for a
number, of years as an artist on local
papers, arrived here yesterday~from New
York. He Is now cartoonist of the Even
ing "World and is spending his summer
vacation with his parents in this city.
John Edward Heaton, a prominent
young club man pf New Haven, Conn.,
who is touring the coast, returned from
Del Monte yesterday and is at the Palace.
Charles Carr, one of the leading real
estate agents of Monterey County, Is In
the city on business .and has made the
Grand his headquarters. .
Dr. \VY, H. "Wallace, accompanied by his
wife and family, arrived here yesterday
from Eureka for a short visit, and regis
tered at the Lick.
Dr. K. M. Lundberg, a prominent den
tist of Upper Lake, formerly well-known
as a Berkeley athlete, is a guest at the
Palace.
Al F. Stoger, an extensive brewer of.
St. Louis, Is a guest at the Palace for a
few days. , '„
• G. E. Cutter of the Dodd-Mead Publish
ing Company of Chicago arrived here yes
terday and Is at the Palace." . •
Professor S. P. Langley of the Smith
sonian Institution of "Washington is at the
Palace.
R. F. Johnson, Mayor of Monterey, Is
at the Grand with his wife. . ¦
Albert Hanson, the well-known jeweler
of Seattle, is staying at the Palace.
J. Kullman, a well-known tanner of
Benlcia, is at the Grand for a few days.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE most distinguished of the lay
men who are expected to attend the
triennial convention of the Episco
pal church in the United States, to
be held in this city in October next.
Is probably Captain Alfred T. Mahan, who
has been elected from the ' rtfocese of
Washington, D. C. Captain Mahan.
though serving a long and active career
in the navy, seems to have lacked oppor
tunity for the performance of those con- !
spicuous actions which crown the naval
hero \with enduring fame. His record
from the time when he entered the navy
as a cadet in 1859, after graduating at An
napolis, until his retirement three years
ago, was that of a faithful and studious
officer who was held in supreme confi
dence by, his superiors. After serving in
Brazil until 1S61 he was assigned . to - the
frigate Congress and afterward to the
steamer Pocahontas, serving with the
blockading squadron until 1862. On Au
gust 31, 1861, he was commissioned as lieu
tenant. In 1862 and 1863 he was assigned
to the United States Naval Academy and
afterward successively to the steam sloop
Seminole, steamers Muscoota and Iro
quols, the last' with the Asiatic squadron.
In 1869 he was commander of the Aroos
took, then in China waters, and In 1870
and 1871 served at the navy yard. New
York. In 1871 he commanded the Worces
ter and received his commission as com
mander in .1872. In 1S73 and 1874 he com-
As soon as the seedlings bud they are
sent to different parts of the country to
be grafted on plants which have already
been started. Thu3 it is soon discovered
whether the plant. is sufficiently hardy,
and the only remaining question is as to
the quality of the fruit.
¦ When the ' stamen has been completely
removed pollen Is gathered from the blos
soms of the trees in the Government
greenhouses and shaken lightly upon tha
prepared flower. Then the bag is tied
tightly In place to make sure that no
pollen from the same tree becomes
mingled with that already used. After
the fruit has had time to begin forming
the bags are removed and the twig 13
marked with a tag giving the name of tha
other parent.
The paper bags are used to protect tha
flower -which has been fertilized with th«
pollen of the sweet orange. The first step
in the operation of cross-fertilization is
the removal of the pollen-bearing stamen
from the blossom. This is done with
small scissors and pincers.. The petals
are also removed, leaving the stigma ex
posed. This is all done before the blos
soms are fully opened; for by that time
there is danger that bees or other insects
might have carried the pollen from some
open blossom and deposited It on the
stigma.
The 300 hybrid seedlings which Profes
sor "Webber has secured represent a deal
of patient labor. To cross varieties which
are closely related is a comparatively sim
ple matter, but the- Chinese orange and
the Florida, variety have been so Ions
separated, and have grown In such differ
ent environments, that they have almost
forgotten that they belong to the same
genus, and they do not take kindly to
each other. Consequently not more than
one blosom out of a hundred fertilized
with the foreign pollen bears fruit; and
then not more than seven out of fifteen
seeds in that fruit ¦will germinate and pro
duce a plant.
Experiments with this end in view be
gran several years ago. At the present
time the department has about 300 hybrid
seedlings. It Is expected that some of
theje will bear their nrst fruit this fall,
though the majority of them will not bear
msich befora next year.
One plant . with these characteristics
would be worth more than a bonanza
gold mine. It would nerve as the parent
stock for thousands, of ** plants which,
would be grown throughout the Gulf
States, revolutionizing the agricultural In
dustries there and yielding millions to
the growers.
And this Is the explanation of the crop
of paper bags. The blossoms of the tree
have just been crossed with the St.
Michaels and 6aguina oranges. 1 which
are the standard varieties of sweet jHor-
Ida fruitl Professor "Webber is trying to
secure a hybrid which will retain tha
edible qualities of the sweet Florida cr
ange, and at tha same time preserve the.
hardiness of the Chinese mother tree.
The tree is the particular charge of Pro
fessor Herbert J. "Webber, who, with hl3
assistant, is responsible for its bagging.
It Is a species of orange tree, the variety
having: been brought to the United States
from China about ten years ago with the
idea of using it for hedges. It is ever
green, grows about fhlrty feet high and
has sharp thorns. The fruit is small and
runty, and quite unfit for food. But the
fact that it flourishes as . far north as
Maryland, Kentucky, Indiana and Mis
souri gives it a great value to the scien
tists, who are experimenting 1 with a view
to securing a more hardy breed of orange.
A large crop of paper bags seems to be
the yield of a little tree which stands In
the grounds of the Department of Agri
culture at "Washington says the New
York Sun. There ars about fifty of these
bags, each with the neck tied -firmly, as
close Inspection discloses, about one of
the terminal twigs. The effect is rather
grotesque.
GOVERNMENT
I SEARCHING FOR
HARDY ORANGE
The junction is now fairly made between the ir
rigators and the stockmen. The purpose .of each
class can be forwarded in one bill, and the greatest
step taken in the interest of the West since the rail
roads were. built can ; be accomplished. The country
will be relieved by this determination of the West
to use the public domain as a producing asset to pro
vide irrigation in preference to putting another load
on the sinful shoulders of the river and harbor bill.
The progress of aridity will be arrested by leasing the
stock ranges and making -it to the interest of the
leaseholders to renew their forage, thereby restoring
the vegetable protection to the moisture in the soil.
The deep springs that have been dried up by de
struction of the ranges will again become affluent, and
the run-off of streams will recover its regularity. So
this policy will not only get money for irrigation
works; but will also conserve the water to fill them.
The sale of lands in the , States nanxed will not
produce much revenue, 1 and when sold the revenue
ceases altogether; but the "disposal" of lands by
leasing the stock ranges will produce approximately
ten millions of dollars a year, and it will not cease
with the first year, but will be continuous and prob
ably increase as the "pasture is permitted to. recover
and the land carries more stock. That meeting of
irrigators might as well have. used, the phrase, "Sale
or lease," for leasing is the only other method of dis
posal of the public domain, and the Government is
already leasing the grazing lands in the Indian reser
vations, very .beneficially to the lands and to the In
dian funds. Not only does this irrigation plan cover
the land leasing, which The Call has so long advo
cated, but it covers the detail. of that plan which we
have suggested by making it optional with the States
and Territories concerned whether they will accept
such a law or not. The meeting proposed that any
of the States or Territories t desiring to avail them
selves of the provisions of 'the act shall enact laws
accepting its provisions and organize and maintain
a State engineer's office, with authority to plan and
make estimates for reservoirs, "to be paid for out
of the reclamation fund. As another important de
tail they propose that such works shall belong to the
State and may be sold only to' the actual consumers
of the water. This is to prevent their alienation to
speculators in drought and famine, and properly holds
them for the use of the .land irrigators and tillers for
whose benefit they are built. If so sold the proceeds
are to go back into the arid land fund, to be used
over again for reclamation purposes. That is an ex
cellent provision, for if honestly administered ; it
creates a revolving fund that may be used over and
over again to develop and store water.
,£>EVERAL State engineers and members of
¦¦ fS Congress met in Cheyenne last week to formu
*-s late some plan} for , securing " fund's for. irriga
tion. - • • - .
A careful reading oi their conclusions discloses the
fact that, however unwillingly, they abandon Senator
Carter's position, cease to look for an appropriation
in". the river and. harbor bill, and turn to the public
domain as tlte source of revenue for the building of
irrigation works. ¦ ¦ ¦ ',
The outline of the measure they propose provides
•that all moneys received from the sale or disposal of
public lands in Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho,
Utah, Montana, Wyoming, Kansas, Nebraska, Ne
vada, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oregon, South
Dakota and Washington, beginning with the fiscal
year 1903, with exceptions covering cost of land ad
ministration, shall be reserved for the benefit of the
State or Territory in which such lands are sold, to
be an arid land reclamation' fund, *to be used by the
Secretary of the Interior for the examination, sur
vey and construction of reservoirs and other irriga
tion works.
THE IRRIGATION PLAN.
then stationed on. the- Pacific, and was
promoted captain in the latter year.
Transferred to Annapolis, he served afl
professor until 1SS6 and as president until
18S9, when he was appointed on a com
mission to select a navy yard In tha
Northwest.
It was during: those quiet years that h«
served as, lecturer at Annapolis that tho
germs of those wonderful works on naval
topics were conceived. , Captain Mahan's
lectures to the students of the academy
became celebrated. Luminous, judicial,
profound and faultless In style, they In
terested an audience far beyond the con
fines of the Institution in which they were
originally delivered. Encouraged by pub
lic appreciation. Captain Mahan ventured
to give wider circulation to his papers in
the magazines and reviews and subse
quently to publish that wonderful work
on "Influence of Sea Power on History."
which came as a revelation to every gov
ernment in the world, stimulating tfce Im
perial, idea and encouraging the grasp for
colonial extension and vaster navies. In
the opinion of Englishmen of affairs thi3
work cf Captain Mahan's was epochal
and the greatest book of the nineteenth
century. Captain Mahan's "Life of Nel
son" has never been equaled, and all other #
books that he has written have been
translated Into every civilized language. -
During the war with Spain Captain
Mahan was a member of the Naval Board
of Strategy and performed signal service.
In the opinion of naval aathoritie3 Cap
tain Mahan's literary works have never
been approached by writers living or
dead.
CAPTAIN MAHAN, NAVAL EXPERT,
IS COMING TO SAN FRANCISCO
The conscience of the world slumbers. Will the
pulpit, silent now while these things be, ever sound
a trumpet* that shall rouse it?
The pity of pities in the whole sad business is the
harm wrought in Christendom itself by those who
rob, murder and oppress in its name. How can peo
ple square what is done and proposed with the spirit
of Christianity which cries out to mankind, Return
not evil for evil, but overcome evil with good; love
your enemies, and those who despitefully, use you;
let not the sun go down on your wrath, and let him
who is without sin cast the first stone? Who can
imagine the founder of Christianity looting .in Pe
king and bragging about it in the newspapers, and
regretting that he was not able to steal more from
those he called his enemies? Then who can imagine
his followers sweeping the ' country bare with the
vile besom of greed and lust, and making a starving
people pay for being robbed?
The undoing of the wretched wrong must prob
ably be left to remote time and history. When
Europe has reached the period of decay that follows
all national excesses, out of Asia may be shot the
We do not impeach British public opinion nor
governmental policy with willing acquiescence in this
sordid tragedy, but unfortunately for humanity Eng
land is in no position to aid in the enforcement of
the American and Japanese view.
But turn where one will there seems no spark of
humanity or justice to encourage the hope of a more
humane policy. Our Government has fought the dip
lomatic fight for justice step by step, but could not
prevail alone or with the help of Japan only among
the nations.
An Americaa has the right to feel proud at the
moderation of our soldiers and the attitude of our
Government. We and Japafl present the only bright
spot in this bloody picture of murder, greed and re
pacity. The nations prate about trade with China
and at the same time propose to burden those people
with exactions that will leave them able to supply
only the most primitive wants, while what should go
into trade to keep pace with their rise to a higher
plane of existence, with its wants increasing with the
ability to supply them, will go to gorge ihe greed of
the worst band of robbers that ever made the vin
dication of religion a pretext for crimes unspeakable.
In all justice and common fairness China should
be c/edited with the millions stolen and destroyed,
and if the life of a Christian is appraised at a certain
sum, the life of an innocent Chinese murdered wan
tonly by a brutal soldiery should at least partly off
set that sum.
It is a grievous spectacle, but in all Christendom
there appears no man tall enough above the sordid
mass to sting the civilized conscience with the re
morse that should frighten it at contemplation of the"
crime.
THE , European powers are getting ready for
further and most outrageous exactions' from
China. Not content with- devastating a popu
lous part of the empire,- murdering thousands of inno
cent people andleaving hundreds of thousands to die
of famine by cutting the grand canal and inundating
the country, they demand ian indemnity • which gro
tesquely exceeds any proper compensation for in
juries complained of, and will oppress an impover
ished people for many generations to come, and upon
China's consent to take the burden they now pro
pose to add to it the cost of sending /their armies, of
robbers and murderers and maintaining them in
China while they looted and slaughtered./
THE CHINESE GRAB.
sad example of other timbered regions, bj which we
should be warned, but they all admit the hopelessness
of the situation without the help of State and Federal
law.-:,-^ ' ¦ ' ' • ¦ :'-.¦¦ ¦¦ / ¦ ¦: £%. .'¦•¦> "V'V:
When 'forest destruction has impaired: the fertility
of the State and made the desert show, its white teeth
where now the rose charms with its blush, the people
who come after us will;read" that we. spent our time
over such grave questions as. the number, of attaches
necessary-to wait on one member of our Legislature,
and let -the forests burn and drought -and the. desert
come. We will be known as a generation which made
one blade of grass grow where.' two grew before, and
posterity will have little occasion to remember -us
with respect. > " '
;- . . ¦-••¦ - ¦ •¦•¦ : ¦ • •- ' ¦'-••• ¦ ¦ ¦¦
:£th;e:<s^^
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "Under Two Flagrs."
Alcazar — "Sapho."
Grand Opera House — "Fedora,"
Central— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
TlvoM— -The Toy Maker."
Orpneum — Vaudeville.
Olympla. corner Maaon and Eddy streets— Specialties. "?. '$,
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenir.c. B*^oH
•Fischer**— Vaudeville.
Sixteenth and Folsom streets — Scientific Boxing, Thursday,
July 4.
Sutro Baths— Swlmmlnff.
AUCTION SAXES.
By G. H. Umbeen & Co.— Monday. July 24, at 12 o'clock.
Choice ProDertT. at 1* Montgomery street.
Call subscribers eontemplatlncr » cbanffo mt
residence dnrlnr tlie snmmer months can har*
Cfcelr paper forwarded br mall to tbelr neir
addresses hy notifying; Tbe Call Business Office.
TaUs ptftcr will also be on sale at all summer
¦•«¦¦ la auid Is represented by av local aaremt la
•U temi «m tbe coast. 1~N
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG TOWI FOR THE SUMMER.Fifty - seventh precinct — Daniel , Murphy
(Dem.), 17 Pearl; R. C. Roedwitz (Dem.), 25
Pearl; F. P. Quigley (Dem.), 220 Laussat; L.
B. Rosenberg (Rep.), 36 Maple court; R. W.
Neal (R«?p.). 332 Halght; E. C. Man waring
(Rep.), 21 Laussat.
Fifty-eighth precinct — Charles A. Ritter
(Dem.), E09 Thirteenth; E. C. Prlber (Rep.).
29 Scott: George B. Wilbur (Dem.), 48 Pierce;
J. lioobar (Rep.), 313 Scott; S. Gross (Dem.),
915 Oak. ¦
Fifty-ninth precinct— J. C. Noonan (Dem.), 654
Fifty-sixth precinct— James J. SUvey (Dem.),
641 Hayes; Herman Blume (Dem.), 585 Fell;
A. J. Stein (Rep.). 607 Grove; J. H. C. Plage
man (Rep.), 625 Grove; H. S. Hinds (Rep.), 615
Fell: John Nagle (Dem.), 512 Fell. .
Fifty-fifth precinct— Thomas Sullivan (Dem.),
11V4 Elgin Park; Don M. Lemon (Dem.), 155
Octavia; G. Moock (Rep.). 8 Gough; F. B.
Goewey (Rep.), 300 Page; H. E. Lunger (Rep.),
151 Octavia; W. Turnbull (Dem.), 227 Oak.
Forty-sixth precinct— William H. Mulcahy
(Dem.), '24 Henry: A. J. McKlnnon (Dem.), 22C-
Dolores; C. H. Bryan (Dem.), 180 Henry; F.
D Bovard (Rep.) 35 Beaver; C. E. Goddell
(Rep.), 225V 2 Dolores; W. G. Newton J'.ep.),
14 Aiemany.
Forty-seventh precinct — J. T. Benedict (Rep.),
334 Sanchez: F. R. Neville (Rep.), 5894 Eight
eenth; H. H. Kalich (Rep.), 4300 Nineteenth;
D Barry (Dem.), 801 Castro; Thomas Clark
(Dem.), 4108 Twentieth; J. M. McLaughlln
(Dem.). 4166 Twentieth.
Forty-eiirhth precinct — Emil Trittenbach
(Rep.), 3066 Nineteenth; Clark Duncan (Rep.),
34C6 Twenty-first; George E. Kammerer (Rep.),
229 Clipper; William McGoldrick (Dem.), 3946
Twenty-third; M. J. Vaughan (Dem.), 3942
Twenty-third; J. T. Stanley (Dem.).
Forty-ninth precinct— A. P. David (Rep.), 918
Diamond; F. A. Elliott (Rep.), 414 Twentieth;
H. L. Nichols (Rep.), 4070 Twenty-third; Thom
as J. Leahy (Dem.), 1GC3 Dolores; W. E. Foley
(Dem.), 914 Alvarado; William Crowley (Dem.),
4109 Twentieth.
Fiftieth precinct — Daniel Ward (Dem.), N.
E. Sanchez and Day; H. von Werthen (Rep.),
1501 Church; C. F. Daly (Rep.), 22 Day; W. K.
Lambert (Hep.), 712 San Jose avenue; Thomas
Coakley (Dem.), 4246 Twenty-sixth; R. W. Gil
logley (Dem.), 714 San Jose avenue.
Fifty-first precinct— N. Twcltmann (Rep.),
If 28 Castro; Samuel Srow (Rep.), 66 Joost ave
nue; P. J. Healy (Dem.), 14 Laidley; E. A.
Buck (Rep.), 36 Boswcrth; Max Popper (Dem.),
1518 Castro; D. Bolan-1 (Dem.). 313 Clipper.
Fifty-second precinct— John F. Burns (Dem.),
207A Carl; John Dolan.(Dem.), 2316 Fifteenth;
Michael Sheehan (Dem.), 4579 Eighteenth;
George W. Wagner (Rep.), 182 Tremont; Joseph
McDonald (Rep.). 4341 Sixteenth; W. B. Walkup
(Rep.), 1198 Stanyan.
Fifty-third precinct— Fred Meincke (Rep.).
4298 Mission; P. Reiley (Rep.), 527 Frederick;
M. F. Taylor (Rep.), 226 Sadowa; J. J. Barrett
(Dem.), 317 Hearst avenue; S. Mangan (Dem.),
r?9 Eadowa; V. W. Guerrero (Dem.), 165 Sage
more.
Fifty-fourth precinct— Joseph Posner (Rep.),
377 Hayes; L Levy (Dem.). 432 Hayes; W. A.
Dowes (Rep.), 38 Oak; S. Raicevich (Rep.),
Z23 Hayes; XV. I. Sullivan (Dem.), 264 Ivy ave.;
L. Becker (Dem.), 263 Hayes.
ASSEMBLY DISTRICTS.
Forty-fifth precinct— W. E. Barnes (Rep.),
515 Edinburg; Bernard Levy (Rep.), Pacific
Hebrew Home; Peter T. C. Wolff, 609 Naples;
l>. E. Goggin (Dem.). 165 Preclta avenue;
Thomas H. Greely (Dem.), 326 irisbon; Kmll
Gianini (Dem.), 202 University. m
THIRTY-SIXTH AND THIRTY-SEVENTH
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Forty-first precinct— C. Branagan (Dem.), 123
Chattanooga: John M. Gilbert (Rep.). 939 Dolo
res; W. T. Kearney (Dem.), 221 Fair Oaks; A.
D Nagle (Rep.), 1177 Church; W. E. Denellan
(Rep.). 27 Alvarado; James McAuliffe (Dem.),
94" Church.
Forty-second precinct— Thomas Klrby (Dem.),
40 Hill- Jo Gordon (Dem.), 2541 Mission; George
E. Kammerer (Rep.). 2544 Howard; H. T. Smith
(Rep ) 3229 Twenty-first; E. F. Herbert (Rep.).
102 Bartlett: J A. Gilfeather (Dem.). 30 Hill.
Forty-third precinct— J. P. McDonnell (Dem.),
3739 Twenty-sixth; E. J. CRourke (Dem.), 1025
Capp: John E. Chapman (Rep.), 3318 Twenty
t-ixth; W. H. Shepstone (Rep.). 452 Bartlett; C.
J. Panjol (Rep.). 32S4 Mission; Li Dunn (Dem.),
1423 Valencia.
Forty-fourth precinct— E. J. Laughery (Rep.),
S24 Chapultepec; G. II. Marchant (Rep.), 246
Richland avenue; N. J. Heywood (Rep.), 43
Powell avenue; Thomas W. Cullen (Dem.), 132
West avenue; D. S. Clark (Dem.). 16 East ave
nue; E. Fay (Dem.), 3765 Mission.
Thirty-sixth precinct— William J. McDonnell
(Dem.), 13 Iris; James Gorham (Dem.). 6 Four
teenth; Harry S. Malone (Dem.), 16 Shotwell;
G. I. Rochester (Rep.), 1536 Folsom; H. Meyer
(Rep.), 310 Twelfth; P. F. Mertes (Rep.), 139
Fourteenth.
Thirty-seventh precinct — F. C. Moseback
(Rep.), Ill Guerrero; J. W. Emerton (Rep.), 71
Brosnan; F. H. Smith (Rep.), 26 Dearborn; J.
L. Hanley (Dem.). 3141% Sixteenth; J. T. Far
rell (Dem.), 442 Valencia; D. Linehan (Dem.),
72 Albion.
Thirty-eighth precinct — E. J. Albrefcsynskl
(Dem.) 2937 Sixteenth; William J. Forde
(Dem.), 122 Shotwell ; 'Francis Richards (Rep.),
213 Shotwell; J. C. Tittle <Rep.), 166 Julian ave. ;
W. H. Thomas (Rep.). 127 Julian ave.; J. K.
Madden (Dem.), 411 Valencia.
Thirty-ninth precinct— Henry White (Rep.),
217 Capp; E. Worth (Rep.). 223 Capp; D. Nich
ols (Rep.). 333 Shotwell; M. Gleason (Dem.). 20
San Carloe; John Kennard (Dem.). 212 Capp;
J B. Williams (Dem.), 2125 Howard.
Fortieth precinct— H. C. Flageollet (Dem.),
266 Lexington ave.; Conrad Hildebrand (Rep.),
437 Capp; J. B. Kenniff, 3214 Twenty-first ;
George T. Shaw Jr. (Rep.). 320 San Carlos; P.
W Jordon (Dem.). 167 Lexington; M. Murphy
(Dem.). 3650 Twentieth.
Thirty-fourth precinct— C. J. Peterson (Rep.),
142 Eleventh; John Krosky (Rep.), 1709 Market;
H. W. Forbes (Rep.). 7 Bond; F. 'S. Joost
(Dem.), S Lafayette; M. Boland (Dem.). 49
Brady; Leo McGinn (Dem.), 2OV4 Twelfth.
Thirty-flfth precinct — James Farrow (Rep.),
2C3 Thirteenth; S. C. Spinney (Rep.}. ,334 Thir
teenth; J. Haslett (Rep.), 6Vfe Adair; J. Casey
(Dem.). 62 Julian; C. L. Creyer (Dem.), 1718
Howard; J. T. Curley (Dem.). 1716 Folsom.
THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Thirty-third Precinct— W. H. Whittock (R.),
1000 Railroad avenue: F. M. Crossley (D.), 61
Railroad avenue: C. O'Connell (R.), 1701 Fif
teenth south; H. Blakislee (R.), 12U5 Railroad
avenue; R. GIbfin (D.), 1S06 Fourteenth avenue
south; George Coyle (D.), 1019 Railroad ave
nue.
Thirty-first Precinct— Samuel McKee (D.),
2337 Bryant; F. J. McCarthy (D.). 1239 York;
L. C. Cull (R.), 2750 Twenty-fourth; R. Urbais
(D.), 1108 Hampshire; Charles Skelly (R.). 1082
York; J. J. McAuliffe (R.). 2637 Twentieth.
Thirty-second Precinct— John P. Lynch <D.).
1419 Kansas; Irvins 11. Scott Jr. (R.). 646
Indiana; H. E. Loffmann (R.), 802 Pennsylva
nia; George S. Buck (R.), 324 Louisiana; B.
Griffin (D.), 1562 Kentucky; V. King (D-). 907Vi
Illinois.
Thirtieth Precinct-J. H. Armstrong: (R-),
3066 Twenty-fourth; W. J. Welch (R.), 2050
Folsom: Louis Holden (R.), 1108 Alabama; B.
J. Dowd (D.), 2713 Howard; D. T. Riordan
(D.), 2S71 Twenty-fourth; W. J. Higglns (D.),
2S40 Harrison.
Twenty-ninth Precinct— Dan S. Witherby
(R.), 2629 Folsom; John Stack (D.), 703 Shot
well; W. Block (R.), 2934 Twenty-first; A. S.
Blick (R.), 901 Treat; J. B. McSheehy (D.),
2633V4 Harrison; A. G. Fltzpatrick (D.), 3027
Twenty-second.
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Twenty-elBhth Precinct— C. F. Richards Jr..
(R.). -01 Pennsylvania; A. R. Simmon* (R.),
703 Tennessee; W. B. Duff (R.), 400 Pennsyl
vania: D. Toomey (D.), 1101 Kentucky; W.
Dlxon (D.). £21 Minnesota; F. Dundon (D.),
229 Texas. T»
I. "Wall&ra Jr. (Rep.). 612# Natoma; W. B.
Koesel (Rep.). 731 Clementina; W. J. Sheehy
(Dem.), 774 Tehama; F. S.. Houghton. (Rep.),
629 Natoma.
Twentieth Precinct-John "Wehr (Dem.), 37
Grand avenue; J. F. Nichols (Rep.), S8 Ninth;
G. W. Bayreuther (Rep.). 823 Natoma; I. Blrn
baum (Rep.), 272 Ninth; P. McGrath (Dem.),
13) Ninth; W. H. Cannon (Dem.), 154 Tenth.
Twenty-first Precinct— Thomas Payser (Rep.),
217 Eighth; Charles W. Tighe (Rep.). 63 Langr
ton; J. E. Wilkinson (Rep.), 215 Eighth;. Louis
Espel (Dem.), nil Howard; James Kelly
(Dem.), 1146 Howard; Thomas Green (Dem.),
1113 Folsom.
Twenty-second Precinct— William Desmond
(Dem.). 16& Ringold; P. J. McElroy (Rep.), 49
Boyd; John F. Wren (Rep.). 1271 Folsom; E.
F. Hanrahan (Rep.), 28 Rlngold; D. Qulnlan
(Dem.), 482 Eighth; D. Holland (Dem.), 391
Ninth.
Twenty-third Precinct— R. W. McCann (Rep.).
406 Tenth; J. M. Hanley (Dem.). 138 Eighth;
James Dunning (Rep.), 253 Dore; J. W. O'Don
nell (Rep.). 1413% Folsom; John Ahlers (Dem.),
266 Dore; W. Kennedy (Dem.), 315 Tenth.
THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Twenty-fourth Precinct— A. Mullan (R.). 17
De Boom; A. McCarte (R.), 164 South Park;
George E. Ray (R.), 359V4 Brannan; N. Power
(D.), 327 Bryant; J. Thompson (D.), South
Park; V. Cream (D.), 210 Townsend.
Twent3'-first Precinct— William C. Purcell
(R.). 9 Welsh: Georgre W. Schneider (R-), 563
Fourth: T. C. Parnow (R.), 63 Zoe; J. Wiles
(D.), 630 Third; W. Buckley (D.), 3 Freelon;
D. Gallbally (D.), 372 Harriet
Twenty-sixth Precinct— John Consldine (D.),
S63 Harriet; John G. King (R.). 647 Sixth;
Thomas F. Wren (R,), 531- Seventh; C. W.
Kaplan (R.), 210 Utah; James G. Claffy (D.),
126 Gilbert; George Pries (Q.), 372 Harriet.
Twenty-seventh . Precinct— Robert J. Boland
(D-), 1610 Bryant; Michael J. Curtin (D.). 1902
Bryant: P. Sinclair (R,), 6 York; Louis
Schweitzer (R.), 614 Potrero avenue; H. M.
Peterson (R.). 500 Ninth; Thomas Floyd (D.).
NE. Bryant and Fifteenth.
The New Bicycle.
Bicycle manufacturers state that the bicycle
for this year will be practically the same model
as 1900, as improvement seems to be impossible.
Precisely the same Is true of' Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It represents the limits of
science, and it is impossible to make a better
medicine for the stomach, liver, kidneys and
blood. Try it for dyspepsia, lndlgrestlon. con
stipation, flatulency or . sour stomach and you
will be convinced. Never take a substitute.
Retail cigar dealers assembled at Py
thian Castle last night for the ostensible
purpose of enjoying themselves In a social
way, but tho real purpose was to take Ini
tial measures for the establishment of a
formidable association.
When the politicians ascertain the true
significance of the meeting they will learn
that a movement Is on foot to unite all
the men engaged in the business of selling
liquors and tobacco. The cigar dealers
huve resolved to form an association sim
ilar to that established by the retail liq
uor dealers, and then appoint a committee
to bring both associations together for the
purpose of protecting their common Inter
ests at the polls on election day. In fact,
the dealers in liquors and tobacco propose
to take an active part in municipal -and
State politics. The candidates placed In
nomination by the political conventions
will bo reviewed ana those who are re
garded as inimical to the Interests of the
combined association will be turned down
regardless of politics. A ticket made up
from the nominees will be Indorsed by the
joint association.
Tlils purpose was formed after due de
liberation and the committee will be se
lected at the next meeting of the cigar
dealers.
The Republican Primary League Is daily
growing in strength and influence. Lead
ing Republicans in every district of the
cuy commend the organization for its ex
cellent work. The league has already
awakened widespread interest in the ap
proaching primary election. Confidence
la the ability of Republicans to win a. vic
tory at the next municipal election Is in
creasing.
The idea of incorporating the league
was a good one, although some Repub
licans were at tirst inclined to object to
incorporation. The fact is recalled that
i he Progressive Union League Club of
this city tiled articles of incorporation
July lh, LSXS. It was incorporated to "as
sist in advancing the cause of
good and wise government and
the honest and patriotic adminis
tration thereof." The Republican
Primary League was incorporated to
mvakeii public interest in primary and
General elections, and to assist in advanc
ing the cause of Republican supremacy in
me municipal government.
The prospects for Republican success in
the municipal campaign of this year are
bright, anu are growing brighter every
day by reason of the increasing demorali
zation in Democratic ranks. Of late there
lists been a deal of talk about the organi
sation of Jefferson clubs to tight Phelan
ipm, but Phelan in the flesh seems to be
tretting the upjjer hold of Jefferson In the
spirit. McNab, McDonald and the regime
of Democratic officeholders are for Phe
lan. The programme is to force the nom
ination for Mayor on Phelan. Assessor
l>o<lge is regarded as the strongest avail
able man in the party, but his friends in
sist that he shall hold the office of Asses
sor ur.iil the four-year term for which he
was chosen shall have expired. Then i£
will be time to present him as the ac
ceptable candidate of the * arty for
Mayor.
Phelan tells his close friends that he
has made his plans for travel in Europe
and will not accept renomination, but the
programme is to coax him. He will con
pent, according- to programme, and pose
before the public as one who sacrifices
his personal inclinations to serve the peo
ple.
The Republican League rooms at the
Baldwin Annex were crowded last even
ing. Sixty or seventy' Republicans from
the Forty-fourth Assembly District held
a conference there and exchanged views
on the subject of district organization.
Colonel I). M. Burns returned from Mex
ico yesterday.
NAMES OF ELECTION OFFICERS
Commission Calls "Upon Three Hun
dred Citizens to Act Under Law.
Officers for the election to be held on
August 13 under the new primary law
•were selected yesterday by the Election
Commissioners in the districts embraced
between the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-
Foventh districts, both inclusive. Of the to
tal cf C56 required S36 have been appointed
and trQ! receive formal notification dur
ing the week. The remainder will be an
nounced on Wednesday or Thursday.
Prior to the adoption of the list Com
missioner Kellogg presented the following
re£cluUon, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Board of Election Commis
sioners earnestly requests all citizens who have
been selected as election officers for the primary
election to be held on Tuesday, August 13, 1S01,
to accept the service and cal! at the Registrar's
office when notified without delay, to be sworn
In in the interests of a fair and honest primary.
Employers are requested to grant permission, to
any of their employes who have been chosen to
terve as oliicers of election.
The names of the prospective election
officers are as follows:
TWENTY-EIGHTH AND TWENTY-XIXTH
ASSEMBLY DISTRICTS.
First Precinct— Oerscn Mosbacher (R.). 214
Steuart; D. M. Blank <D.), 3C3 First; N. H.
Burnham (R.). 316 Folsom; L. J. Scott (R.),
!.<T Harrison: John Clifford (D.). 12 East; G. S.
Amheitn <!).). S Steuart.
Second Precinct— C. Dunker (R.), 332 Fre
mt r.t; E. P. Hewlett <R.), 20^ Rincon place;
Thomas Vivian <D.). 12 Essex; George 1» wler.
(D.J, 5T2 Folsom; Charles Bergovln «i3.). 3S
Stanley place; E. W. HaueTiy <R.). 227 Flf
twntii.
Third Precinct— John J. Mahoney (D.), 647
Howard; Thomas Phirps <R.), 665 Howard;
Jamee H. Oppenehaw <R.), 67 Tehama; Her
bert Smith <D.). f23 Howard: C. C. Enrelke
(R.). SO" Howard; Thomas Butler (D.), 55 Te
hanva.
Fourth Precinct— Alfred W. Manderson (R.),
ir.3 Second; S. Licht (D.), 145 Second; Thomas
M. Manning (D.), 12 Natoma; Patrick Kolaa
(R.), list Tnird. It. G. White (R.), 45 Minna;
A. H. King <D.). C14 Howard.
Fifth Precinct— F. Hopper (R.). 119 Third; J.
J. LarUin <R.). 11 Jessie; A. L. Marks (R.), 75
Third; A. H. Bohrman <D.). &€2 MlFEion; S. J.
Garrigan <D.), £20 Mission; W. H. Robinson
<D.). G6 Minna.
Sixth Precinct— A. Riddock (D.), 23 Perry;
Thomas Lynch (D.). CSS Folsom; R. E. Colt
<R.), 654 Folsom; A. W. Kennett (R.), "8 Silver;
A. J. Brannaean (D.), 201 Third; Thomas C.
Clancy <D.). a Perry.
Seventh Precinct— Anthony >:. Wahler (R.),
223 Jessie; Horace A. Harby <R.), 216 Minna; F.
Anderson (D.), 337 JefFie; F. Hawes (R.), 32
Fourth; &I. K^ppel (IJ.), 826 Mission; W. J.
Fitzgerald (D.j, Mission, between Fourth and
Fifth.
Eig-hth Precinct— Frank J. Uiller CD.). 222 Xa
toma; John H. Sitt <R.), £40 Xatoma; H. B.
Withrow <R.), 58 Third: John A. Charlton (R.),
7-5 Mission; B. B. Nolan (D.), 71 Fourth; James
Rowan IT).), 221 Minna.
Ninth Precinct— E. C. Walter <R.). H9',J Fifth;
James Welch (D.f. Z:A Tehama; J. J. Hutchln
eon (R.), 771 Howard; E. Drew (R.), 713 How
ard ; P. F. Haller (D.). 12* Fourth; T. J. Stan
ton <D.). 3721* Tehama.
Tenth Precinct— <.'. F. Knippel (R.). 221 Fifth;
n. G. Wilson <R.). 166 Shipley: Uvrence Carey
(D.). 177 Shipley; George H. Corey (R.), ill Har
rison; Charles O'Brien <D.). 237 Clementina; P.
H. Cahill (D.), S43 Tehama.
Eleventh Precinct— John S. Elliott (R.), 760
Harrison: E. O'Gara (R.). 790 Folsom; F. Priest
<R.) 7SS>£ Harrison: L. Valentine (D.), 257H
Tehama; John W. O'N'eill (D.), 7C8A Harrison;
J. P. Fogarty (D.), 277 Clementina.
Twelfth Precinct— Morris Pincus (D.), 763
Harripon: George T. Ppilman (R.), 1C2 Perry;
JouL J. Hughes (R.). 142 Silver; O. Haille (R.),
493 Fourth; John Tobln (D.), 178 Perry; H.
O'Connor (D.). 40« Third.
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLT DISTRICT.
Thirteenth Precinct— James E. McGivney
(Dem.). 509 Mlr.na; A. Breen (Rep.), 476 Jessie;
A. C. Chevalier (Rep.). 951 Mission; W. H.
Harvey (Rep.), 405 Minna; J. K. Lynch (Dem.),
W Sixth; William Dorgan (Dem.). 466 Minna.
Fourteenth Preclnrct — Arthur Kldd (Rep.), 24
Sixth; Charles W. Iraacs (Rep.), 631 Jessie;
William Walker (Rep.). 707 Howard; James
f'reegan (Dem.). 543 Stevenson; J. McMenomy
'Dem.) ICO 7 Mission; James Gibson (Dem.), £35
Minna.
Fifteenth Precinct— S. Schloss (Rep.), 921
Howard: W. W. Flaglor (Rep.). 926 Folsom; S.
Friedman (Rep.), 445 JJatoma; E. ' Hannon
iDem.), 423 Clementina; W. Smith (Dem.), 475
Tehama; R. Purcell (Dem.), 445 Tehama.
Sixteenth Precinct— Isaac Baer (Dem.), 160
Russ; Scloroon Meyer (Rep.), 224 Sixth; Louis
Sanders (Rep.), 231 Seventh; W.* R. Gibbon
<Rep ) 151 Russ; Julius Kauftmann (Dem.),
Brunswick Houee; William John (Dem.). 2S1
Seventh.
Seventeenth Precinct— Broderick S. Barclay
(Rep.), 405 Sixth: C. \V. Apgar (Rep.), 8 Fal
mouth; A. Donaldson (Rep.). 9C7 Harrison; B.
Cocway (Dem.), 420 Sixth; John Weir (Dem.),
271 Clara; John Curley (Dem.). 948 Harrison. '
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Klgtiteenth Precinct — James C. Gorman
<Dem.), 28 Eigrhth; Henry MacSorler (Rep.),
61S Steven*on; Joseph Gogeo (Dem.), 645% Stev
enson; J. F. Hughes (Dem.), 781 Stevenson; 8.
N'ew-bauer (Rep.). 112 Seventh; H. 1* Webb
(Rep.). 1228 Mission.
Nineteenth Precinct— W. Dietrlck (Dem.), 720
CwmtnUE*; J&mes Glnty (Dem.), C3 Minna;
Republicans of the Thirty-sixth District
held a meeting for the purpose of forming
a club at Twin Peaks Hall, Seventeenth
and Noe streets, last night, and the place
was crowded with enthusiastic party men.
James Barber called the meeting to or
der, and A. E. Merrill was made secre
tary of the temporary organization. A
district club was formed by the election
of R. E. Miller of the Owl Drug Company,
President; Robert Ash, vice president; M.
. Taylor, secretary; John Ryan, assistant
secretary, and J. P. Mahoney, treasurer.
The officers are all well known in the
district, business men and earnest parti
sans.
Republicans of the Thirty-Sixtli.
Oak; J. C. Mastellar (Rep.). 612 Waller; F. W.
Zehfuss (Rep.), 734 Oak; J. B. Whitmore (Rep.),
916% Oak; I. Spiro (Dem.), 406 Central avenue;
P. J. Joyce (Dem.), 709 Oak.
Sixtieth precinct— T. Galnford (Dem.). 1277
Ninth avenue; H. K. Eells (Dem.), 1168 Haight;
J. Hammond (Rap.). 1316 Page; L. B. Tlche
nor (Rep.). 1274 Twelfth avenue; B. W. Han
brich (Rep.). 712 Clayton; P. F. Skelly (Dem.),
1341- Fell.
Three deputies selected from the list of
experienced clerks— H. B. Moynlhan, B.
Joesten and D. F. Mahr— were appointed
to take office on July L
After July 8 the Registrar's office will
be open every evening from 7:30 -to 9:30
o'clock for the registration of voters. All
v-ho have changed residences since the
last election must register anew.
' The decision was reached in th'ft action
Instituted by G. W. Shriner against Treas
urer Brooks, in which the petitioner
prayed for a writ of mandate compelling
the Treasurer to pay a demand for $150
bail money deposited to secure the release
of one Palmer, but which "demand the
Treasurer refused to recognize untilthe
same had been passed upon by the Au
ditor of the city and county. In his opin
ion Judge Seawell holds that "bail moneys
deposited with the Treasurer are, in con
templation of law, in custody of the
court and subject to its orders. The stat
utes which prescribe the means by which
they may be paid out are not laws direct
ing the payment of money out of i the i
treasury within the meaning of the
charter, but they are laws which regulate
proceedings in courts of criminal jurisdic
tion and prescribe the powers and duties
of the Judges thereof.
"Therefore, the demurrer is overruled
and a peremptory writ of mandate issued
as prayed." * „
Although Treasurer Brooks was at first
inclined to take an appeal from the de
cision, he later in the day made up his
mind to pay all bail money orders as aoon
as presented. This information was con
veyed in a note sent to the Auditor's of
fice shortly before closing hours. It was
stated by Cashier Perkins that since the
1st of April, when the Sullivan forgeries
resulted in the refusal of the Treasurer to
honor these orders, over $40,000 had ac
cumulated. As fast as presented, the de
mands will now be paid.
Of this amount County Clerk Deane
was charged with a large sum represent
ing forfeitures and fines. Chief Deputy
Goddard, who has had charge of this
matter, has been carrying the orders of
the Police Court Judges as cash in his
daily settlements, and a considerable por
tion of this amount will be turned at once
into the general fund.
Judsro Sea well lianded down a decision
yesterday to the , effect that bail moneys
l>£Jd into the treasury to secure the re
lease of- prisoners may be withdrawn
upon warrant without following the tire
come routine "for the payment of money
out of the treasury" established by the
provisions of the charter. . -
Many Waiting Creditors Can
Now Draw Cash Long
Held Up.
Judge Seawell Deter
mines That Treasurer '
..; Must Pay.
SETTLES WIRTTER
OF BAIL MONEYS
CIGAR DEALERS RESOLVE
TO ENGAGE IN POLITICS
Initial Steps to Combine Forces With Retail Liquor
Merchants for Political Purposes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; JUNE 25, 1901;
7
CAMP REVERIE,
- — IN THE
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS,
NOW OPEN.
"In AH California
No Place Like This."
An Outing
On a New Plan,
Camp Reverie, on the Guernevllle Branch of
the California Northwestern Railway, Is prac-
tically a hotel under canvas. Accommodations
—tent and board— by «the day or by the week.
There will be addresses toy distinguished people
In the mornings, and specially arranged enter-
tainments— musical, literary, etc.— for the even-
lncs.
. RUN UP FOR A DAY.
Run Up Saturday and Return Sunday or
i Monday, •
Hun Up and Back on Sunday, ¦
and see for yourself— "In All California No
Place Like This."
Round trip from San Francisco only $2.50.
Take boat at Tiburon Ferry. Call on or address
Camp Reverie Association, Room 81, Flood
Bldg., San Francisco, for particulars and book-
lets; or write Camp. Reverie Association. P. O.
Forestville. Sonoma County. Cal. Booklets may
also be had at the ticket offices of the Califor-
nia Northwestern Railway. -
SANTA CAT ALINA ISLAND.
3^ Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal. *
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
E. C. PECK. Agent,
" 10 Montgomery «t.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
822 South Spring Et..' Los Angeles. Cal.
r\ rs m nnrt HOT springs, sonoma
XKuftfwS c °i° nl y 4 % hours from
UA/1 171/U San Francisco; but 9 miles
staging; waters % noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath in State:
grood trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily,
mail and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning- and afternoon etages; round
trip from S. F. only %a 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. |2a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further Information at Traveler of-
fice. JO Montgomery St.. or of J. F. MTJL-
GRE~W. SkagKS. Cal. ¦
GILROY
HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
8 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. For rates and
Illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT- -
SON. Prop. _
LAUREL DfLL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new . walks
and boats. Write for circular. - EDGAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
OWN A HOME in ti b f p u a l u " CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker, $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, Dostofflce at camp; board
and lodging $6; take Sausalito ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER., or H. M.
GREGSON, Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.
QyrBrfffoijfrnrgs
J$p Three trains daily: 2'^ hours' ride. A
Bettens. Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
Lombard & Co.. 36 Geary street. City.
CAMP OCEAN ROAR,
Situated on Tomales Bay; good accommoda-
tions for camping, hunting, fishing and boat-
ing; cottages and tents at reasonable prices;
accommodations for horses." WM. ARCHER,
Proprietor. P. O., Tomales. ,
THE GEYSERS, )£«»»'•;
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATtJ-
ral' steam baths; swimming, fishing, hunt-
ing and livery. Write : for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER. manager.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE* TO ENJOY GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
B: MARTENS, Prop.. Bachelor P. O., Lake Co.
GLENBROOK.
Various amusements. 'Large and small game.
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rates only $S atvl
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st. or address O. W.
R. TREDWAY, Prop., Glenbrook, Lake Co., Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Flshli'Sr; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect: 16 rnlleu from Truckee, In an 'unbroken
forest. Further information Traveler office, 20
Montgomery, or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS,
Truckee,, Cal. : '•"?.': ; •
,' ViCHY SfRiNCS.
The only place in the United States where
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural'
Electric Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. \ J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
, Proprietors.'
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME.
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
clno. : Visit this quiet little resort for
solid comfort. . For particulars apply to I S.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City. ,
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleasure,
fishing, hunting and swimming; good table:
guests at home; never -fall to return; send for
Bouvenlr. VIC PONCELET. Llagas.
vTOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT "ACCOMMODATIONS i FOR A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air. $S
per week. H. B. LAWLEY, .Callstoga, Cal.', •
HO J'FOR THE GEYSERS.
Via C." C'Foss'.: Stage Line from" Callstoga.
The scenic route/. Livery in connection. C. C.
FOSS, ¦¦ Proprietor. Callstoga, Cal. "V • ¦ '«;;-,
: ¦ ' -. • ; '•. ¦ .• ' \ ¦-•' ."."-¦'
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
All sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
'im
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses. 4,
Pears' shaving soap is i
the best in all the world.
Central California
\ I • '
San Jose Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
loads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street,
San Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
HOT SPRINGS.
A irrotto. 1400 feet up In the coast rangre. over-
looking- the broad Salinas Valley; free from fos
and winds; pure, dry, balmy air; equable tem-
perature; seven miles stage from Soledad; hot
and cold soda and sulphur baths: tub and
plunge; special bathhouses for ladles: massage
treatment: cement swimming tank. 30x60; hunt-
Ing and fishing: all popular games; hotel, cot-
tages and grounds illuminated by gas: telephone
and P. O.: round-trip ticket $8. C. T. ROMIE.
prop.; T. "W. SHRODER. manager.
Delightful Surroundings and WITTpD
Excellent Accommodations at VI 1 1 I CIV
MEDICAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTT. CAL.
Certain cure for Stomach, .Liver, Kidney,
Bladder, Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
sands Cured.
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail-
road. Stage from Ukiah.
RODNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
Call or address,
WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANT.
Upper Lake P. O., Lake County. Cal.
Main Of nee & . Water Depot. 916 Market, r. 64.
...NAPA... Napa County.
SODA SPRINGS Cal - |
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL,
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two tralnB dally,
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
THE SEASIDE RESORT OF CENTRAL
California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE. manager hotel:
FRANK REANIER. supt. camp, Capitola. Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cf»co $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day. arriving at Tosemlte Valley 5 p. m.
Send for Illustrated folder. »WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'I Agent. 630 Market rt.. opposite Palace
?Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black "
DR. C C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver arid stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 46
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N P. R. R- give special rates to campers ;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park: mineral
wat«r, boats and bathlntr free. Inauire of DR.
C C O'DONNELL. office 1021J4 Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this is the place to go.
Healthiest and . best climate, prettiest placs
in all California: lots amusements: fine walks:
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 1!». Circulars at city office.
918 Larkln St.. S. F. DRUBT & KROEGER.
RUBICON PARK,
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting 1 .
Boats, fishinar tackle and saddle horses at mod.
erate hire; $2 per day. or $10. $12 and $14 per
week. Postoffice. telechone. A. L. FROST,
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe. Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Greatly improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games: every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena. $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.*. 34
Mission, and- N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansome
St.. or of DR. TV. A. McCORNACK, Point
Arena. Cal. •
"PINE KNOLL."
Beautiful mansion house and magnificent
grounds, situated In foothills, one and a half
miles from St. Helena. Table unsurpassed.
Terms reasonable. Address P. O. box 55, St.
Helena. Cal. ¦ ¦ - : i.
.KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klalhath River.
Rates, $2 and $2 5 1 ) per day; $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St., or
address EDSON BROS., Beswlck, Sisklyou
County. Cal. .
For rest and health! n TH E SIERRAS
near Coitus pu U. P. R. B. Elevation Just right.—
2100 ft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging; ?ood
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate. '
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Send for
booklet.- Orchard Springs, Colfax, CaL
• •'¦- ¦•-¦•¦¦ - • • ¦
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL ~ VERANO. Cal.. Verano Station
(King's Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths ! near by. Terms,
$1 per day and upward. PETER GO UILIIAR-
DOU. lessee. v .
BOULD'R CREEK HOTEL.
Under new management. ¦ Entirely renovated.
First-class family resort. Fine hunting and
fishing. " Sulphur sprfngs. For terms and par-
ticulars address P. J. WELCH, Prop., Boulder
Creek, Cal.
&5O.OO
Or less will cover all expenses of a 10 days"
trip to Yosemlte. Curry's Office, 630 Market
street. S. F. ; . , ¦;-;
YOSEMITE!!
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St.. Helena. Board and room,
$7 a week; camping privileges. $160 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
Telephone-South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
.Office 1OO4 Market Street
BY THE FRUITS
OF OUR LABOR
•we are known to all people of taste In San
Francisco who have a horror of cheap and
common laundry work. Anything finished
at our establishment is as fine as a poet's
fancy, having: received a touch which
ihay be described as the verse form of
linen. Come to us for laundry results as
gugrgestive of satisfaction as home, sweet
horr-e.
No saw edgres.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
BOOT. and DYSPEPSIA.
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
••PALACE HOTEL**
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. \ Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.'
•»GRAND HOTEL~
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SSGK HEADAOSI
Positively cured by these
Little PUIs.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER.' They
Regulate the Bowels. # Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tha
Organs of Generation. . -
Price tl ft bottle. For sale by druggist*.
¦AMUSEMENTS.
f*ft I B fl ifl S I A SAN FEAMri
bU laU IWlJWlM LEADING THEATRE
Every night (except TTTITT1 Tl Tl
Sunday), matinee Sat. I I 111 I 3 l| U
only. Second Time I I 111 I 1 W% K ,
TONIGHT, UllULll
CHARLES w.» ¦***¦¦*»
FROHMAN"S
PRODUCTION. jT^'
By Arrangement with , w 'W
DAVID BELASCO. 2
Paul M. Potter's JOB^
6-Act Drama,
Founded on x*l T ¦ #M 4V
Oulda's Celebrated I * | A I ¦ (¦
BLANCHE BATES I I I fl IT I J
as "CIGARETTE." A IJXliUM
*"TT i WO L» 1*
•THIS WEEK POSITIVELY THE LAST."
EVENINGS AT .8.
TO-NIGHT— SOUVENIR NIGHT.
COME AND GET A "CORKER."
THE
•X
LAST TOT MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
A TOY FOR EACH CHILD.
SUNDAY JUNE 30— "BABES IN THE
WOOD."
Popular Prices 25c and BOc
Telephone— Bush 9.
GRAND' OPEP2A HOUSE
FAREWELL WEEK OF
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE,
In SARDOU'S GREAT SOCIETY DRAMA,
FEDORA
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A Souvenir Photograph of Mr. MacDowell Will
. Be Presented to Every One Attending
the Saturday Matinee.
PRICES.... 10c, 15c, 25c, 60c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seat, AH Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket ¦ Office— Emporium. . .,
NEXT WEEK — T. Daniel Frawley Presents
"THE ONLY WAY." Superb Cast, Including
E. J. Morgan, John Mason, Theodore Roberta
and Katherine Grey.
A NEW COLLECTION OF VAUDEVILLE'S
FAVORITES.
EMILY LYTTON, CHARLES BOWSER AND
COMPANY. EZRA KENDALL. GARDNER
AND VINCENT. SISTERS MAHR.
ODELL WILLIAMS AND COM-
PANY, COLE AND DE LOSSE,
THE BIOGRAPH AND LAST
WEEK OF THE EAST
INDIAN PYGMIES,
"Fatma and Smaun,"
Who will continue their receptions to children
after matinee performances.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera, chairs
and box eeats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
) TO-NIGHT, ALL THIS WEEK.
EXTRA MATINEE TO-MORROW (Wed.) "
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Spectacular • Revival of
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
On a Scale of Magnificence Never Before Ajh
; proached on This Coast.
Buck and Wing Dancing, Cakewalks, Blood-
hounds, Negro Melodies, Etc.
nnf fCt Evenings ...10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
rnlWC.> Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c
Next Week— The popular actor, JAMES M.
BROPHY, in the great play, "Davy Crockett."
fjLt* HEATR &y< \
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS' WEEK. .
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In Her Greatest Success,
SAPHO
POSITIVELY ONE WEEK ONLY.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY. y'v r .V
Orchestra— First Six Rows— 75c. ¦
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
NEXT— "THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
JULY4, "
BEFORE SiN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB
' SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS., 2 P. M.,
JACK MOFFAT
OF CHICAGO
.-.'•¦ vs. ij ' " ' ¦
GEORGE GARDNER
OF BOSTON. "
' FOR MIDDLE-WEIGHT-
CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD.
AL NEILL of San Francisco
. ¦ ¦¦ •' \ • . ' ';. VS.
CHARLES (Dutch) THUWTON.
¦ ' TWENTY ROUNDS EACH. ;. ,
FISCHER'S concert house.
ElOyinEtlX. O:. Admission lOc.
CHARITY MARTIN. Sis:. Abramoff, Mur-
1 phy and Hart, Lillian Levey. Arthur Parent,
'Charles Chenoweth, i Ed B. Adams, Alice Bar-
j num and Stanley and Waltcn. ,., •¦• , -,
• Reserved Seats, 25c. , Matinee Sunday. •
I SUTRO BATHS.
j OPENNIGHTS. *
Open dally from . 7 a.', m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a.\ m: to 10:30 p. m. '<-¦*
ADMISSION: 10c. CHILDREN 5c. : -
Bathing,' Including admission; 25c; children, 20c.
If you want to
know where to
go this Summer
CaU or write for
"VACATION 19O1"
*
This is a little book Just issued by the Cali-
fornia Northwestern Railway Company, and Is
profusely Illustrated. It gives camping loca-
tions, hotels and mineral spring resorts la
Matin, Sonoma, Mencloclno and Lake counties.
Besides, it contains a list cf about 200 farms
and homes where board during tho summef
months can be procured at from $3 .to $10 per
week. Ticket offices. 650 Market street (Chron-
icle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General of-
fice. Mutual Life bullying. Sansome and Cali-
fornia streets, San Francisco. R. X. RYAN.
General Passenger Agent. H. C. WHITING.
General Manager. ; kiW-'L «*&£•
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful plac«
in all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates — $10. $12. $14.
$15 and $16 per week. CaU on LEE D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery st.. and see photographs of
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure in
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG &
WARNER.
CAMELLINE
For the complexion. Indispensable for th«
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists. .
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Caliente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 46 miles via C. N. Ry. or
S P. R. R. Immense swimming tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try It. Round trip.
$1 10 Telephone: expensive improvements; J13
and $14. COOPER & SHEDDEN, Agua Ca-
llente. Cal. | •
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal., 26 miles by
stage west of Williams: fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast: temperature US
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum.
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidn*v com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths. $10 a week, WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor.
VACATION DAYS.
Outing Suits in Homespun or Golflngs: Jack-
ets silk lined, made to order only. Sper'nl fnr
tho n»xt 3n days ,.:..#24.T>*>
LESTER. Ladies' Tailor. 8 and 10 Kearny st.
First-class family resort in the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air. hunting, flshlr.*.
swlmmlne and boatimr. Terms reasonable. In-
ouire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR.. Prop.,
Oakville. Napa Co., or The Traveler's Bureau.
20 Montgomery st.
~ EL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort: climate unsur-
passed* great relief for penple with asthma; 83
miles from S. F.; fare $1 65: free 'bus. Particu-
lars »t Travel*!- Office. 2« Mrmterom*»ry St.. or
of JOHN JJEVILL. Proprietor. Lo» Gatos.
SOLID COMFORT HOME p E^ e e n d! ve^ j£
attitude. No fog: climate delightful. Lars»
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths.
Spring water. Rat»s, $7 wee* on Stage meets
train. . SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal.
CAMP CURRY
Makes it possible for you to sr>end a week or a
month In T"semite without exhausting all yonr
resources. Rates. $12 per week: $45 per month.
Office. 630 Market street.
YOSEMITE I I
WIT I AW/ D 4WPH Former proprietor W.
nlLLVlTf KAftwIl Crandell— A summer home
in the redwoods. 5 miles from Santa Cruz:
running water, swlmmlne. croquet, abundant
of fruit home cooklnc: table xiwak* for Itself.
For particulars. TULET & ILIFF. Sacta Cruz.
, WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Vk hours* ride from S. F.: 5 miles from Val-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages repovat»d. Lake for boatlnT
and bnthing. Dancing Pav'llon. $3 to $10 a week.
Piwwialrjit^'um'Uwi. M. MADRID. Va!>Jo. Cal.
/>iun TlVTftD Cottages, camping, fishing;
VAJir 1AILUK 29 miles from S. F. : In the
redwoods. Call Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
*" HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake: home cookln*:
$7 per week and upward. F. and ,A. M.
SCA LES. Lakeport. Lake County. Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Barlett Springs.
Via Lakeport carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for thia
etage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTY.— New 13-p*assenger Yosemlt*
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Callstoga
' daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin. Seigler. Adams. Howard. Ander-
son. Astorgs and Glenbrook: buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstoga;
also to Mlddletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvilto
and ' Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
EsuRnm XfifK "H ¦f^^^HS
WbbHf Csdl $1:00 jerYearTemperature 7 a. m.. £1 degrees.
New York Stock Market
NEW TORK, Ju.ie 24.— The rtock market
maintained its waiting attitude to-day. There
iv a sort of tacit agreement very generally ad
vanced among the larger operators that this
waitlns period fhall <:Mend at least until thi.
<n;«l of the month and until the money rt
quirtmtnts of the half year, are out of the
way. The consequence Is that the attendance
cf members. In the beard room is very small
and many brckerss- have gone away on vaca
tions to .Eeroi>e. The smaller class of room
traders who operate from day to day werc.dls
r-osed to sei: the market this morning on the
disappointing showing made by the bank state
ment. St. Paul and Union Pacific were most
conspicuously affects.1 by this selling:, as be
ing most likely to prove vulnerable on account
ct the recent considerable speculation in those
flocks. Ltttle tuccjss, however, was had 'In
tHalcdfiir.g any holdlnE* of the stocks and cov
ering by the bears was in evidence later in the
day. A rmall number of stocks had considerable
movements en individual causes, but in tho*e
also the professional hand was seen in\the
quick realizing on the movements. Norfolk &
Western was sold down after the opening on
the ecore of the dsmage to the property by the
\Ve>t . Virginia floods. " New York Central
Fhou-ed 6ome strength on vague talk of the
coming declaration of some rights for the
stockholders. Illinois Central was confidentl"
bought on the general consideration that it was
low in proportion to other Brain-carrying roads.
The rice In Sugar was due to the adjustment of
prices of the product to a parity by the differ
ent-cotrpacies. Manhattan was a feature on
reiterated- turners that it will bo. leased to
Metropolitan. General Electric was lifted 94
by a. 1 1 th t demand." but reacted 3%. On the
rther hand Colorado Fuel, . after celling down
4'-,. rallied €%. but did not hold the rally.
There was a sharp advance of 6H'ln Mlnne
epolie, St.- Paul and Sault Ete. Marie preferred,
without explanation. Minneapolis and St. Louis
LIVERPOOL.
¦Wlieat— July. - . Sept
Opening ....; .....5 6% f;.; 6 6%
Closing... 5 G% 5 6U
PARIS.
Wheat— . June. 'Sept.-Dec
Opening '. ...20 10 ,: 21 05
Closing 20 15 2105
Flour— . ; . , . . .
Opening 25 60 26 90
Closing ."*.......... 25 60 . IS 90
Chicago Livestock' Market.
. CHICAGO. June 24.— CATTLB-Recelpts," 24,.
000, including 1000 Texan*. ¦ Steady .to ; weak;
good to prime steers, . $5 50©8 30; - stockerB , and
feeders, $3 90©4 80: cows and heifers, '» $2 7&@
S 25; canners, $2®2 75; bulls. $2 50{?4 60; calve*
$4f}6 25; Texas , steers, $4 25®S 40; bulls,' $2 75©
3 75. ' ' . - ' - - ¦ ,.-..¦ 4
HOGS— Receipts to-day; 85.000; 'to-morrow, 18,.
MO: int.- over, 5000: 6c higher, active ;<\ mixed
and butchers, $5 S3Q6 IS; good to choice l heavy.
Foreign Futures.
On . the : Produce Exchange . to-day the butter
market was steady;; creameries, 14%@l9c
dairies, 14%@16%c. Cheese, steady, 9@10c. Eggs
steady. 10@llc. v -'
Articles— Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels i 21,000 '-18,000
Wheat, bushels...... 710,000* 336 000
Corn, bushels 166.000 179 000 '
Oats, bushels ................213,000 263,000
Rye, bushels ;..".. 5,000 ¦ 2,000
Barley, bushels ...13,000 -2,000
j EASTERN MARKETS. H
Cash quotations wore as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 2 spring wheat, 66%@67c; No. 3 spring- 64&
66c; No. 2 red, 66@67%c; No. 2 corn, 43c; No 2
'yellow, 43@43%c; No. 2 oats, 28%@28%c; No.' 2
white, 30@30%c; No. 3 white, 28%@29%c;^ No. 2
rye, 47c: tair to choice malting barley, 4S@52c;
No. 1 flax seed, $186; No. 1 northwestern
$1 88; mess pork, per bbl, $14 S0@14 85; lard per
100 lbs, $8 77%@8 80; short ribs, sides ; (loose),
$S@8 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 50@8 60; whisky,
basis of high wines, $127; clover, contract
grade, $2 50. / t - ¦*¦> -s* ,*>,=» ,
FLOUR— California ; .'Family extras, '13 83©
S CO, usual terms;' Bakers' Extras, |3 15®3 24;
Oregon. : $2 E0@2 75 '. per barrel « for * family j and
' Flour and Millstuffs;
CORN — The market continues dull . and h un
changed. Small round Yellow, ?1 50: Eastern
Yellow, $127Vi@lS0; White. $137%: mixed.
$1 27%. ¦•- ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ..¦-¦¦..
RYE— 75<ffS0c per ctl. V
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 63. per ctl.
ex- warehouse. • BMaMWU
OATS — Red continue to decline and are very
freely offered, with * no buyers.' ; The other de
scriptions show no further change.
White, $1 42%@1 55; > Surprise. $150©l 65: Red
$1<B1 17%; Black, $1 15@1 25 per ctl. ¦ '
Afternoon Session — No sales.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales, r . f
Regular Morning: Session— No sales.' . -
CALL BOARD S A LES.
Feed, 72%@73%c for No. 1 and 70@71%c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 75@S21»c;
Chevalier, nominal. \ • _ ¦' ' *.
BARLEY— Dealers report a continuation of
the brtsk demand for » new brewing 1 - for Euro
pean shipment, noted at the close of last week.
The spot market : for feed remains unchanged
and dull, and there is nothing, doing in -fu
tures. - ¦ ¦ ' -¦-¦¦¦¦ ' '- i , •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
60oa A ctis, ticoH.. . • . .:
• Second Session— December— 40C0 ctls," $1 OO14.
Regular Morning Session— December— 22.000
ctls, $100%. .->:-... .._.'
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls, $1 OOU;
10.0CO, $100%. '
The American visible supply decreased 1,236,
000 bushels. The world's shipments for the
week were as follows. In quarters: Russian
302,000. Danublan, 24,000; /Argentine, 133,000; In
dian, 63,000; Australian. 42.C00.
This market . was dull and not maerially
changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; milling. 97V4c3>
$1 02% per ctl. . -. .
: WHEAT— Chicago was firm under higher fu
tures: at Paris and Liverpool. • There was still
some, pressure to sell July, and some selling of
December for foreign account. ;Private ad
vices from the southwest said that | favorable
crop prospects were materially, lessened by
drought over, a large . area of < country. There
were showers in the . northwest . and generous
rains in Minnesota and' Wisconsin, with a
heavy fall at Duluth. .. i . ' :
W heat .and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange.' 60 days...... — ' $1 S6Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight...'...... — 4 89
Sterling cables ;... — ' 4 90
New York Exchange, sight...... — 12%
N*>wYork Exchange, telegraph.. — ' 15 ;
Silver, per ounce ' — . - 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.. .. 4»% @ 5j •
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
> Wheat No. 2— »
June 66V4 67>£ 66 66
July 67 • 67 66H 66U
September 6G% 67 ' 66>4 66%
Corn No. 2— / : ,
June ..: 42%
July 44% 44H 43V4 43%
September 45 45% 44Va •-. 443-4
December' 42% 43% 42>A ¦ 42%
Oats No. 2-
July 27% 27% 26% 27»i
September 26% 26% 26>i ¦ 26?i
May 29V4 29% 28% 29
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 14 87>4 14 871,4 14 80 14 82'^
September 14 97% 15 07% 14 97% 15 02%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
i July S 75 8 S5 8 75 8 80
September :.. 8 77% 8 90 8 77% 8 85
October r.V.. S 77%-' 8 83 8 77% 8 85
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July... 8 12% 8 12% 8 10 8 12%
September 8 20 8 25 .8 20 8 25
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the Pa
cific Coast. A well marked depression over
lies the valley of the Colorado and conditions
are . euch that a Sonora storm may come in
rapidiy over Southern California.
The temperature has fallen about 8 degrees
over Utah and Northern Arizona. In the
rreat valleys of California the weather con
tinues relatively cool.
Rain has fallen over Washington and North
ern Oregon. -. v v".
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 25: 1
Northern California— Cloudy, \ unsettled
wtather Tuesday with possibly showers in the
eouthern portion; fresh southwest winds.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Tuesday, possibly showers.^along the
coast; fresh southerly winds. - n
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday,
¦with showers in the mountains; fresh westerly
w.nds.
Utah— Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday,
probably showers in southern portion.
Arizona — Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday,
probably showers; fresh southerly winds.
Saa Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday;
fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G.McADIE,- -
.-• . Forecast Official.
Callafihan Estate , Comoany (owners) with
P.nfflno & Blanchl (contractors), architect Al
bert Pissls— Marble Vork for a 6-story and
basement brick and stone building on lot on
SW corner of Jones and McAllister streets. S
4:5%. NW 132:mi. SW 113. S- 131:9: total $10.-
6 'same owner* with California Artistic Metal
and Wire Company (corporation) (contractors/,
architect same— Metal work for stairs, eleva
tor enclosures), elevator cases, balcony rails,
fire escapes and stand pipe for same on same;
$603°
E W Hopkins (owner) with Robert Mitch
ell "(coMrartor). architect Clinton Day-Re
moval of old work, brick work, cementing and
vaults for idilitlon of 2 stories to a 4-itory
and baseiwnt brick and Iron buiUHns on lot
on NW" cooner of Pine and LelUesdorft streets,
36 on Pine and £3 on LeldesMorlT; $snco.
Same owner with K T. Lelter (contractor),
architect same— On Ivan laed Iron work, timber
and fxamln*. stair work, flooring, rooflntt. lath
tnsr. plastering, window frames and sash, tin
work, door frames and doom, inside finish,
trimming hardware, tmlntlns and finishing fur
same on same: $10,877.
Builders' Contracts.
Michael T. Brennan to James E. Brennan.
lot on SE line of Clary street. 125 SW of Fifth,
SW 20 by SE 53; gift.
Magdalena May to Louisa Schwarze. lot on
E llns of Buchanan street, 67:6 S of Pine. S
22:6 by E S2:6; also lot on SW line of Ninth
avenue. 130 SE of F street, SE 75 by SAV ICO.
block 192, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association: $10.
James H. and Martha A. Cummings, M. A.
McLaughlin. by II. M. Covert, commissioner.
to Max Kalish, lot on N line of Bosworth. 50
W of Roussean. NW 88:8, NE 70:5. NW 13:3,
NE 129:3, NW 16:3, SW 219, SE 78. NE 11:3,
SE 63, NE 23, De- Boom Tract; J1S0O.
John Shirley to Michael Lintner, lot on NE
line of ' Sixteenth avenue, . 75 SE of K street,
SE 75 by NE 100, block 310, South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; $3C0.
Fatrtck F. and Hannah Donlon to Mathilda
and Henry F.Wlegmann. lot 16. block A. Getz
Addition to Lakeview; J1000.
Caroline M. Sawyer to Solomon Getz, lot on
SE corner M street and Ninth avenue, S 133
by E 120; $2CC0.
Alois and Babette Luba (Schmid) to Maurice
and Maggie O'Dowd, lot on E line of Twenty
first avenue. 325 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 23
by E 120; $330.
Elizabeth Blackwood, Joanna. M. Wright,
John E. and Nellie C. Mason. Wilson Estate
Company and San Francisco and Fresno Land
Company to Joseph B. Coryell. lot on W line
of Kansas street, 200 N of Alameda, N 50 by
W 200: $4300.
Joseph B. and Mabe! L. Coryell to Standard
Electric Company of California, same; $3C0O.
William Grant to Thomas S. Williams, lot on
E corner Third and Mission streets, NE 77 •$
by SB S3 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Henry and Agnes Kohler to George C. Al
feritr. lot on SW corner of Jones and Lombard
streets. W 137:6 by S 137:6i J25.0C0.
Angela and William J. O"Leary to A. B.
McCreery, lot on W line of Powell,' SO^ N of
Sutter, N 32, W 77:6, S 23. E 52:6, S 7 E 25;
$13,000. . I
Giuseppe and Luigl Barile to Verginia Bar
ile. lot on N line of Union street. 37:6 W of
Filbert place.- W 20 by N 137:6: let on E line
of Varennes, 117:6 N of Union. N 20 by E 57-6;
gift. . 1
Felix Marcuse, Julius A. Remmel (Marcuse
& Rummel, bankrupts), by W. F. Kroll, trus
tee, to Mark Sheldon, same; $25. v
Christian J. F. and Mathilda D. C. Schmidt
to E. D. Watson, lot on E line of Colllngwood,
135 S of Nineteenth. S 55 by E 105; $1500.
William and Ann Prichard to Felix Marcuse.
lot on S line of Day, 2S0 W of Sanchez, W 25
by S 114; U0.
James McGHnchy to Charles Bogan. lot on
W line of Church street. S9 S of Twenty-eighth,
S 25 — -. N 25, E 100 (quitclaim deed): $10.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood, by Abble R. and
Martha Wood, executors, to Christine P. Dono
hoe (wife of Joseph A.), lot on E line of Flll
ilor street, 27:6 S of Vailejo, S 63:6 by E 6;
lot on E line of Fillmore, 101 S of Vailejo. 3
56:6 by E 8; $1000.
Thomas Cloke to Mary"*D.. John P. Jr. and
Louis T. F. Hickey. lot on NE corner Haight
and Octavia streets. E 27:6 by N 120; $10.
REAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.'
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s. 105 — Oceanic SS 5s.lO3% —
Cal-st Ss....;..llS — Omnibus R 6s. 127
C C Water os.103%111 Pac G Imy 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 0s.l2SMsl33% Pk & C H 6s.lOS —
Fer Sz Cl R 6S.117M, — Pk & O R 5s.H7 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. 120
H C & S o».js.lC6Vi — Sac E G R 5s
Do 5s 101 102V4 S F & SJVos. — I21&
Lea An; R 5s.ll4«,i — Sierra Ca! 63.. — 110
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P or A 63
Do ETitd 6s.. — il)4 (19C9) 113«i —
Do entd os. .103 — (1910) ...114i* —
LA & Pac 5s. 160 — R P of A 63
Do 1 c m 5s.l62% — (1905), Ser A.10S 10S%
Market-st C 6s — 127% (1905), Ser B.10SU1C9",
.Do 1 c m 5s.l22% — ,1906) 109% —
Nev Co N G 7s — 113VS (1912)- 119 122
Nor R Cal 6s.ll4 115 S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s ...11SU119&I cp gntd g 5s.lO7 —
Nor Pac.C 6S.101 — ,S P Br Cal Ca.134 135W
Do '5s .-. — 108% S V Water 6s.ll3!i —
Nor. Cal P. 5s.H0 113 Do 4s i021i —
Oak Gas 5s 112V5 — Do 4s, 3d m.101 102
, Do Trans 6s. 119 — Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Wet 5S..104V2105 .
• WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 80% S0% - Spring Valley. 83« 83»4
Marin County. .51 — I ' a
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pacific Lt .... 43 _
Equitable 4\& 4U Sacramento ... — _
Mutual 4% 6 S F G & E.... 4194 42
Oakland 50% 50% San Francisco. 4«4 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 40 , 45 I Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 242% — I
BASKS.
Anglo-Cal 77 — ¦, P & A 147 —
California — 413 iler Ex <liq)..us —
Cal Safe Dep.107% — ! F National.. 125 —
First Natl ....309 — -
SAVINGS BANKS. v «
German .1900 — Sav & Loan.. — ¦ _ 1
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual ...50 — Union Trust.. 1350 —
San Francisco.527Vi — '
STREET RAILROADS.
California .....130 134 OS L & H... 40 _
Geary '. — 40 Presidio " ">z —
Market 70 —
POWDER.
Giant 77 77$,lVigorit _ 3V
- ' SUGAR. " *
Hana .'.. 7 7% Kilauea ..... 1st;
Hawaiian' 50 50V4 Makawell *" ast w
Honokaa ;.... 21% — Onomea /' ?>v I- *
Hutchlnson ... 18% 19 Paauhau .."" " o« .«
- MISCELLANEOUS. "
Alaska Pack.'.12S%130 Oceanic S Co 31 53
Cal Fruit Can — 97 Pac Aux P a" -2 _
Cal Wine Asn.lCO — Pac C Borax"*165 _
Merchnts' Ex.110 — Par Paint ...'.' 16 —
Morning Session^
¦ Board— •
ICO Contra <?osta Water SO 50
$5000 Contra Costa Water Bonds... .."""110 no
-20Oceanic Steamship Co.... 51 CO
15 S F Gas & Electric Co s 90...... * 4> 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co........... * f> m
25 Spring Valley Water ." si «3
10 Spring Valley Water S5 ha
Street— ¦,.">¦
.20 Pacific Lighting 43 ft)
<"-..' ¦ Afternoon Sesnion. ¦
. Board—
13 Alaska Packers' Association 129 73
40 Alaska Packers' Association 130 00
¦20 Contra Costa Water so 50
ISO Equitable Gas . !| TAi
1C0 Equitable Gas »....'..; : 4 «S
SO Giant Powder Con......... 7723
50 Giant Powder Con............. V 77 50
... 5 Giant Powder Con........... 77 37U
<o Hawaiian Commerctnl & Sugar...... 50 00
lfO Hutchlnson S P Co ;.... 19 00
23 Maka\v*li .............................. ss 73
,? Bid. Ask; I - Bid. Ask.
4s.quar coup..H3 1 ,4114 I / 2Na qr cp (new).13S%1333i
4s quar reg-.-.m'/illSVilrs quar coup..,108 :l il0S4i
UNITED STATES BONDS.
MONDAY, July 24—2 p. m.
On the morning session of the Bond Exchange
Oceanic sold up to $51, and Gas & Electric at
$i2. Spring Valley Weter was higher at $S5%@
85. Business was dull. There was no change
worthy of mention in the oil stocks.
In the afternoon Gas & Electric sold at $42®
41%. Spring Valley Water advanced to $&>%.
Alaska Packers to $IZO and Giant Powder to
$77%. Business was more active.
The San Francisco Oil' Exchange will ad
journ at the close of business on Tuesday, July
2. to Monday, July S, at. 10 o'clock a. m.
The Humboldt Savings and Loan Society has
declared a dividend of 3"4 per cent per annum
on all deposits, payable July 1.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
CHICAGO, June H. — There was little Interest
manifested in the wheat pit 'and the opening
was higher on stronger cables. Commission
houses were the best sellers ' early, but the trad
ing was not maintained. September opened %c
higher at 66%@-66 s /ic to 66%c. In sympathy with
corn prices, it dropped to 66%<g66%c, but on re
ports of damage .by excessive' rains in the
Northwest a rally followed to 66%@67c. reacting
later and closing M@Mc lower at 66%@66%c.
Corn opened stronger on higher cables, . to
gether with reports of damage by excessive
heat in the West. Receipts continue light and
•the trading is little improved. There was little
buying of July by commission houses. Septem
ber closed at the former figure, with a loss of
J/sC. World's shipments were 5,592,000, compared
with 6,529,000 last week. The visible supply In
creased S3.CC0.
Oats were dull and weak after some show o(
strength at the opening, when they were forced
up from Saturday's close. The feature of the
day was the big drop in July, caused by offer
ings of long July oats, which were apparent
throughout the session. Phillips bought Sep
tember. September closed l /»@Mc lower at
26%c. . - * ,
Provisions ruled firm, and notwithstanding
some realizing sales of long products by out
side packers, prices were well maintained.
September pork and lard each closed 10c higher,
ribs 5c higher.
The leading: futures ranged as follows:
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK, June 24.—Confidence'.predomi
nates in the market for evaporated apples. Sup
plies on hand are very small, but the demand
was only of a Jobbing nature, and prices je
main unchanged, though tending upward. State,
common to good, 3'/4@5c: prime, 5^(3)5%c';
choice. 6iS6%c; fancy, 6^@7c.
I California dried fruits ruled inactive, but
nominally steady, at. old prices.
PRUNES— 2%@6^c, as to size and quality. I
APRICOTS— Royal. 9012c; Moorpark. 7%@12c
PEACHES— Peeled, ,li@18c; unpeeled. 6@10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
SUGAR— Raw, market barely steady; fair
refining, 3 9- 16c; centrifugal. 96 test, 3 7-32c;
molasses sugar, 3 5-16c. Refined easy; 'No '6
4.90c; No. 7, 4.S0c; No. 8. 4.70c; No. .9'' 4 65c
No. 10, 4.60c; No. 11, 4.55c; No. 12, 4.50c; Nol 13,
4.5oc; No. 14, 4.45c; standard A, 6.25c; confec
tioners' A, 5.25c; mold A, u.SOc; cut loaf/ 5.95c;
crushed, 5.95c; powdered, • 5.55c; granulated,
5.45c; cubes, 5.70c v
COFFEE— Spot: . Rio steady: No. 7 invoice*
6 l-16c. • Coffee ¦ futures closed steady, with
prices net 5@15 points higher. Total sales
were 21,250 bags." including: July. 5.05@5.2'c;
August, 5.30c; September. 5.30@5.40c; October,
5. 25<g 5. 40c; November, 5.30c; December, 5. 45@
5.50c; March. 5.75@5.^0o ¦ • '
BUTTER— Receipts 13,615 packages; firm;
creamery, 15@19%c; factorj-, 12>£@15c.
EGGS— Receipts 10,183 packages;" firmer;
Western candled. 13}*c; Western uncandled. 11
@13c.
WHEAT— Receipts 108,900. bushels, exports
177, 1SS. Spot steady; No. .2 red, 75%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red. 73?sc, elevator;' No. 1 North
ern. Duluth. 74%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard,
Duluth. 84%c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady on cables and reports of hot weather
in Europe, but soon yielded to the bearish
home crop conditions and further" liquidation
in. face of a big .visible supply decrease nnd
lo 1 sed -, r , a t h _ e^, weak « wlth %@%c net decline.
July, (3%@r4%c, closed 73%c; September, 72 7 4@
72^c. closed 72V4c; October. 72%@72%c; closed
72%c; December, 73 9-16@74c closed 73%c
HOPS— Quiet. - -
HIDES— Firm; California, 21 to 25 lbs, 19%c.
NEW YORK. June 24.— FLOUR— Receipts 13,
138 bbjs, exports 12,354. Easier and slower of
sale. , . ....
New York Grain and Produce.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS:
MONDAY. June 24—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice 01 a>
Alta 05 06 Kentuck ...:... 01 03
Andes 04 C6 Lady Wash ... 01 —
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 22 23
Best & Belcher 26 27 Occidental .... 03 04
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 88 89
Caledonia 34 36 Overman IS 19
Challenge Con. 20 21 Potosi 08 li>
Chollar 04 Q9|Savage 11 13
Confidence ....; 65 — Scorpion — 04
C C & Va 2 15 2 20 Seg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 21 22
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 23 2)
Crown Point... 07' O9.'St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con ... 06 — Standard — 3 70
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate 05 07
Gould & Curry 16 17 Union Con...... ,17 19
Hale & Nor.... 23 23 Utah 03 03
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 08 10
600 Best & Belcher 25 1 100 Gould & Curry IS
500 Best & Belcher 25 500 Hale \& Nor... 33
150 Caledonia 33t 200 Mexican 23
100 Chollar -05 30O Ophir 9")
500 C C & Va....2 XJKl 300 Savage 13
'Afternoon Session.
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 25 200 Ophir 85
50 C C & Va ..2 15 100 Overman 18
490 Gould & Curry lfi 700 Sierra Nevada. 21
100 Gould & Curry 15 500 Union Con .... 13
300 Ophir 90
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 12% 700 Mexican 24
400 Best & Belcher 2-i 1150 Ophir 9J
1800 Best & Belcher 25 600 Ophir 92
1500 Best & Belcher 23 200 Sierra Nevada.. 2t
500 Challenge Con. 21 500 Silver Hill 23
30OCC&Va 2 2) 500 Utah 01
200 Gould & Curry 16
100 Best & Belcher 23 300 Mexican 23
200 C C & Va 2 20 200 Ophlr S3
700 Gould & Curry 17 200 Ophlr 93
100 Gould & Curry 18 300 Yellow Jacket 10
500 Justice 02
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Home Oil 2 20
200 Home Oil 2 23
500 Monarch of Arizona 3S
500 Oil City Petroleum 28
10 Peerless %.... SCO
5 Peerless 4 90
-<.:-' ' Afternoon Session.
Board — - • ,
200 California Standard . 2S
305 Caribou 70
10 Home Oil 2 20
ICO Junction 19
25 Peerless 5 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
Board— -if" Y
500 Independence ........................... 13
50 Peerless, b 60 5 OO
Morning Session.
Board— *
600 Four Oil Co ...V J»
50 Monte Cristo 2 CO
20 Peerless SCO
SAN" FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
20 Faauhau S P Co 28 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 00
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 41 75
60 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 41 871J
100 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 41 73
40 Spring Valley Water 85 37ft
Street— V •
120 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 50 CO
255 Pacific Lighting 43 CO
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 24—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 56; Mt. Tamalpais, 55; San Luis
Oblspo, 66; Red Bluff, S2; Fresno. S4; Los An
reles, 76: Sacramento. 76; Independence. S6;
Sen Diego. 64.
£an Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 4S; mean, 54.
Weather Report.
The London Grocers' Gazette of June 8 says:
Salmon — An active demand is being experienced
from the country, the weather at the present
time being highly favorable for the consump
tion of this article. On the market there is
net a great amount of business passing, deal
ers being well supplied, while stocks in first
hands are limited. Values are steady. Fruits
— A considerable business has been, done in
Epricots during the week, and prices are again
firmer. Holders who succeeded in getting their
ehipments through before the imposition of
the duty have met th» market, and eonsequent
lj- these goods are rapidly passing into con
sumption. Peaches and pears also "meet a
eteacty inquiry, the market showing a firmer
tendency. In Liverpool fruits continue very
strong, and apricots particularly are 6d to Is
per dozen dearer in consequence of the en
hanced value of stocks through the duties.
Pears and peaches also in sympathy are higher
in value. Pineapples, it is stated, are likely
to have a very strong advance, as shipments
are light, and it is very questionable whether
contracts that have been made will be filled.
Fruit and Salnton in London.
In a . Jobbing way, orders for the most part
being for very good lots. California layer
raisins ere in rather active inquiry for thi>
reason of the year, sales of 600 boxes 3-crowh
being reported made Monday at {1 50 and 200
boxes more yesterday at tlis same figure. There
is some little inquiry for best- grade of 4
crown, which are held around ?1 75. Two
crown layers Tire practically cleaned up. Loose
raisins ire dull. Imported Valencia 4-crown
layers are meeting with a fair demand from
Canada, selUng- around 4%@5c in bond.
•"Layer flgs are higher and moving out quite
well at from 7@9Vfec. A few 1S99 bag figs have
been brought to light and are selling at 6c.
Dates are quiet, stocks being almost all in
cold storage.
"'Prime evaporated apples axe quiet at about
6*ac. Waste Is firm and active. Sales of sev
eral cars were reported at 11 30.
"Brazil nuts continue very strong at'SU@
S%C with supplies light."
Mall advices from New York say: -•.*.
'•Currants are firm and Felling quite freely
A t m/^ and Raisins in Neiv York.
464.CC0 Shares sold." 'it ~>^
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg. lOSM'N Y Central 1st*.. 107%
Do coup 107% N J Cent genl 5S.132U
U S 3s reg 108% Nor Pac 3s 72s*
Do coup.... :.10S% Do 4s ""lfi=;54
US new 4s reg.. 138% N Y C & St L 4s 107U
Do coup 138% N & V' con 4s ' 10$
U S old 4s reg .112% Ore Nav lsts 'lO9
Do coup .113% Do 4s ...........'lO3U
US58 reg ..108% Ore Short Line 6s 123
Do coud 108% -Do con 5s 11054
Dist of Col 3.65s. .125 Reading genl 4s" 93
Atchison genl 4s. .104% R G W lsts " "103
Do adjmnt 4s.... 98%'St L & I M con'5s"ll7
Can Sou-2ds....-...109% St L & S F ten 6s'l1fiu
Ches & Ohio 4V4S..108& St Paul consols""!^*!
Do 5s- ..121 St PC & Pac lsts 118
C & N,W con 7s.l42% Do 5s . *f ¦ : \l%
Do S F deb 5s. -.122 Sou Pac 4s !"' 93«
Chi Term 4s 96V Sou.Ry 5s .. 228
S^J 5^ 45 , —•-•• % Stan Rope & Tw *Ss Go
D & R G 4s ......104 Texas &: Pac lsts. 118%
Erie genl 4s 90% Do 2ds £9*
F,W ft: D C lsts.. 107% Union Pac 4s .... 107
Genl Elects 200 Wabash lsts .... 11914
Iowa Central lsts.118 Do 2ds ... ' - 112
L & N unified 4S.1O4U West Shore 4s";i'us
M K & T 2ds .... R7 Wis-Cent lsts .... 92%
. Do 4s 99 Va Centuries ..... 92%
• BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— * Union Pacific :..;.iu>i
Call loans 3@3Vj West End...;..... 95*
Time loans- 3%@4t, JVettlng Electric 63
Stocks— Bonds— - * ¦
A T & S F SS% Atchison. 4s 103
Do prefd lOHsN E Gas.ft C Bs.. 59
American Sugar... 144ft Mining Shares-
Do prefd ..127 Adventure .19%
Amer Telephone... 159 Blng Mln Co...... 23%
Boston & Albany. .255 Amal Copper .....123%
Bonton Elevated. ..179 Atlantic S7
Boston & Maine.. 194 Calumet & Hecla.SOO
C B & Q.... 196V4 Centennial ....30%
Dominion Coal .... 41 .1 llTanklln 16%
•Do prefd IWViiHumboldt 25
U 8 Steel 4»H Osceola ....... .....~S8H
Do prefd 99% Parrot .'.. ;;.... E2U
Gen Electric 265 ¦ Quincy • ..:... .172
Mexican Central .. «S?; Fe Copper.. 7U
N E O«« & Coke.. 7>;<Tamarack ..:.... ..838
Old Colony MSUllItah Mining 80H
Old Dominion S3 Wlnona :........'..;. 1%
Rubber ....-, 21tt|U'olverln«s 69.
dropped back 2Vi on realizing. It was such
individual cases that induced any considera
ble price movement anywhere in the line. Com
mission house business was at a standstill and
brokers' offices were deserted. So little profit
is offered by the market that no difficulty was
found in securing th? adoption by the mem
bers of the Stock Exchange of a recommenda
tion to the Governors to keep the' exchange
closed on Friday and Saturday, July 5 and 6.
The money market failed to. reflect any con
striction of supply such as was indicated by
the bank statement and money on call loaned
as low as Shi oer cent.
Business in railroad bonds was of very mod
erate proportions and prices moved narrowly
either way. Total sales, par value. $2,190,000.
United States 3s coupon declined % per cent
on the last call.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— - Bid.
8.700 Atchison 88^4
7.900 Atchison prefd 105
2,100 Baltimore, & Ohio 108VI
200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 94\
1,400 Canadian Pacific 105U
100 Canada Southern 70%
500 Chesapeake & Ohio 49
1,400 Chicago & Alton- 45%
1,100 Chicago & Alton prefd 79H
Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 19o^
600 Chicago Ind & Louis 3SV4
Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 73^
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 127
200 Chicago & Great Western 205
500 Chicago & Great Western A" prefd S9
Chicago & Great Western B prefd 53
100 Chicago & Northwestern 202
500 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 168
1.000 Chicago Terminal & Trans 22%
200 Chicago & Terminal Trans prefd... 43 l ,s
1.300 C C C & St L I S6%
1,200 Colorado Southern 14%
Colorado Southern 1st prefd........ 50^
100 Colorado Southern 2d • prefd 23
100 Delaware & Hudson 165
103 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. 237
Denver & Rio Grande 51
600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 100V4
5.900 Erie 43
300 Erie 1st prefd 71
Erie 2d prefd 57
500 Great Northern prefd 186U
300 Hocking Valley 54<£
3<iO Hocking Valley prefd 79
13.900 Illinois Central 150
6,200 Iowa Central :.. 39»i
4,900 Iowa Central prefd 74%
Lake Erie & Western ..." 61
Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
3,700 Louisville & Nashville ....; 109%
54.700 Manhattan L 128»4
14,900 Metropolitan Street Railway 175^
1,400 Mexican Central 28%
1,300 Mexican National ll£
1.100 Minneapolis & St Louis ...106
7,000 Missouri Pacific 121%
500 Missouri Kansas & Texas 30H
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 63H
900 New Jersey Central 162V4
4.500 New York Central 158%
2,700 Norfolk & Western 53
Norfolk & Western prefd 84^4
Northern Pacific 120
200 Northern Pacific nrefd 97
1,500 Ontario & Western : ZIYt
10,000 Pennsylvania ; 152^
500 Reading 46%
1,200 Reading 1st prefd 79
900 Reading 2d prefd 56%
l.tOO St Louis & San Francisco 52
St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd 85
600 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd 74 1 /£
:. St Louis Southwestern 33%
400 St Louis Southwestern prefd 67%
9,900 St Paul 176%
• St Paul prefd 190
6.800 Southern Pacific % 59%
3,400 Southern Railway 33%
1.000 Southern Railway nrefd <..... 87
2,000 Texas & Pacific < '. 46%
200 Toledo St Louis & Western :.. 22
100 Toledo St Louis & Western prefd. 37
2,100 Union Pacific .". ..Ill
100 Union Pacific prefd 90%
700 Wabash 23%
3.300 Wabas:i rrefd 41%
1,000 Wheeling & LaJte Erie 21
500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 83^4
1,000 Wisconsin Central .. 24%
200 Wisconsin Central prefd 47 *
• Express Companies — • .'- - ' '
Adams 175
....... American 197
United States 150
Miscellaneous—
13.500 Amalgamated Copr»er 124
1,400 American Car 6* Foundry 32%
400 American Car & Foundry prefd .... 85%
. 300 American Linseed Oil J 24
700 American LinseedOil prefd 64
2.300 American Smelting & Refining 57V4
500 American Smelting & Ret prefd.... 10314
14,SfiO American Tobacco 136%
800- Anaconda Mining Co 49%
31.800 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 82'^
S.80O Colorado Fuel & Iron 115
000 Consolidated Gas 222
5,000 Continental Tobacco — 66%
500 Continental Tobncco . prefd 118U
700 General Electric 258
1,400 Glucose Sucar 6H4
1,200 Hocking Coa! .../. 24
400 International Paper 23
International Paper prefd 77%
1,000 International Power 97Vi
....... Laclede Gas - 84 "
400 National Biscuit 45
400 National Lead 23%
300_ National Salt 43^4
1,400 National Salt prefd 76%
300 North American :..?....' 104
200 Pacific Coast * 70
700 Pacific Mall 41^
2.4W) People's Gas ': 118%
700 Prersed Steel Car '. 4414
600 Pressed Steel. Car prefd 86
100 Pullman Palr.ce Car .'.. '09
4,300 Republic Stee! 22%
SO0 Republic Steel prefd 76
72.100 Sugar 144%
4.K00 Tennessee Coal tz Iron. 7014
700 Union Bag & Paper Co 17'
5."C0 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 74
1,500 United States Leather. 1414
M0 United States Leather prefd. 79Vi
200 United. States Rubber...:.:... 21U
••... . ' United States Rubber prefd " mtZ
49,000 United States Steel.. .......' 49*4
20.800 United States Steel prefd .- 934
1.400 Western TJnlon 94
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
TACOMA. June 24.— Wheat— Unchanged. Blue
Etem, 6IV2C; club, 59%c. ¦
¦ - *. m ¦¦>¦'¦'' ~ 1 '. ¦•
OKEGON
• PORTLAND, . June 24.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
57@58c.
PORTLAND, Or., June 24— Clearings, $307,
504; balances, $46,912. . '
Portland's Business.
• LIVERPOOL, June 24.— Wheat— Spot, dull;
No. 2 red Western winter, 5s 4Vfcd; No. 1 North
ern spring, 5s 8Vid; No. 1 California, 5s lid.
Futures, quiet; July, 5s 6%d; -September, 5s
6V4d'. ¦
Corn — Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 4s
hii; old, 4s 2%d. Futures, steady; July, 3s
ll%d; September, 4s %d; October, 4s %d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. June 24.— Consols, 93^; silver, 27%;
French rentes, lOOf 17 1 ,4c@100f @27V4c ; cargoes
en passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 Standard
California, 29s 6d ;, Walla. Walla, 2Ss 9d; Eng
lish country markets, dull; Imports into United
Kingdom, wheat, 270,000; imports Into - United
Kingdom, flour. 24S.OT0; wheat tand flour on
passage : to United j Kingdom, 3.430,OCO; „ wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 1,570,000; In
dian shipments of wheat to United Kingdom,
51,000; Indian shipments of wheat to Continent.
12.C00.
LIVERPOOL, June 24.— "Wheat, quiet; - No. 1
Standard California, 5s lO^digSs lid; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, dull; weather In England,
overcast; cotton, uplands, 4?i.
Foreign 'Markets. ¦ *
NEW ! YORK, June . 24.— Cotton— Futures on
the first call were firm with-- prices up 4 to 8
points. The close was steady,' with prices net
15 to 18 points higher.
Nezv. York Cotton Market.
Wheat. 32,903,000 bushels; decrease, 2,236,000.
Corn, 17,184,000 bushels; decrease, 85,000.
Oats. 10,601,000 bushels; decrease. 231,000.
Rye, .539,000 bushels; decrease, 57,000.- -
Barley, 4S4, 000 bushels; decrease 62,000.
NEW YORK, June 24.— The visible supply of
*grain Saturday.' June . 22, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange,' is as follows:
Visible i Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, June 24.— Tin in local and for
eign circles was depressed to-day. The supply
of that metal continued ample and selling or
ders were numerous, causing a loss of £1 10s
in. London, the 'closing being weak with spot
Btanding at £123, while futures were quoted at
£121 10s. In this market a drop of fifty points
occurred without any business of consequence
noted. A >veak undertone, however, prevailed
all day with the. close weak at J27 75@28 25.
Copper ruied featureless .and nominally ( un
changed here," while in London a lower level
was reached, spot closing at £68. 11s 3d and
futures at £69 Is 3d.= "
•Lead was without change here, but. in Lon
don a loss of Is 3d occurred, closing at £12
£s 9d for spot.' -Spelter was quiet and steady
at old prices.. Domestic Iron markets ruled in
active, but In! buyers' favor. Pig. iron war
rants, $9 50(510; Northern foundry, $14 25@15 80;
Southern foundry, $13 75@15 25; 'soft Southern
foundry, $12 75@15 25. . Glasgow warrants closed
E3s Sd and Middlesboro 4-is lV>d.
New-York -Metal Market.
CHICAGO, June 24.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California Fruit: Peaches— Alexander, 55@
95c boxes; Hale' s early, 55@$1. ' Apricots— Royal,
$1 10@l 55 ; single crates. ' ' Prunes— Tragedy, $1 25
@1 80 single crates. Plums— Abundance, \ 85c@
$130 single crates; Burbanks, 60c@$l 20; Slmcni,
$IO5@125; Ciyman, 60c@$l 05. Seven-cars fruit
sold to-day. ¦ ¦ '
Porter Bros. - Company sales California fruit:
Prunes — Tragedy, .$1 25@1 90; Simoni,' 80q@$1 oO.
Plums — Ciyman, 75c@$l; Peach, $130@135:
Royal Hatlve, 50@9<Jc; Burbank, 95c@$l 15;
Abundance, 70c@$l 05. Peaches— Hales, : 6O@9Oc ;
Alexander. 75@80c; Brlggs May, 75c. Apricots—
Royal, $1 10@l 35; Peach, 85c@$l 05.
NEW YORK. June 24.— Porter Bros. Company
6ales California fruit: Cherries— Tartarian, 35c@
$2; Royal Anne, $1@2 10; ' Bigereau, 65c@$l 65;
Republican, 45c(g$l 75; Bing, $1 65(@2 55; Oxheart,
$1@1 05.-, Peaches— Briggs May,' $1@1 20; Alex
ander, $1@1 35; Hale's, 90c@$l 20; Garland, $1 la.
Apricots— St. Ambrose, $1 55: Montgamet, $1 15@
160; Plums— Climax, 9Oc®$2; Burbank, Jl@2;
Red June, $1 05@l 45; Ciyman, 75c@$105; Abun
dance, ,70c@$145; California Red, 93e@$2 35;
Peacr, $1 15@1 35; Royal Hative, SOc@$l 05; St.
Catherine.' 95c@$l 05; Klondike, $1 15;Shiroma,
95c; Satsuma, 75c; Yosabe, $1 C5@l 45; Japan.
$1 15 ; ' Sherry. $1 05. " Prunes — Tragedy. 1 $1 05@
1 70; Simoni, 75c©$l 20 Pears— $1 35@1 60. Black-
FiffS-55c. . - . . >
Earl Frut Company sales California fruit:
Apricots— Royal. $1@1 45 single crates. Plums—
Ciyman. $1@1 20 single crates; Climax, $143®
3 15; Red June, ¦ 90c@$l 55; Burbank, SOc@$l 60;
Abundance,- 75c@$l 75. Prunes — Tragedy, $1 05(?j)
1 85 single crates;, Simoni, 70c@$145. F6urteen
cars fruit ¦ sold to-day
' PHILADELPHIA: June 24 —The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day realized the following prices: Apricots
— Royals, single crates,, $1 15@1 30, • average
$1' 23. Peaches— Alexanders, boxes, 80c@$l 40, .
average $1 05; Hale's Early, boxes, $1@1 30,
average $107. Plums— Abundance, $1 05@l 25,
average $1 07; Burbanks, single - crates, S5c@
$1 40.' averace 1 $1 07; Clymans, 'single crates,
S0(@^95c, average 82c; Red June, single crates, _
$1 05@l 40, average $1 29. Prunes— Simoni, sin
gle crates. ¦ 90c@$l 15, average 97c ; Tragedy,
single crates, $1 1O@1 45, average $1 25. Four
cars sold to-day. Favorable weather.. .-
California Fruit Sales.
White Beans lower and Limas higher. Market' dull.
New Potatoes unsettled and higher. Onions steady.
Vegetables in liberal supply and ivcak.
'Eggs dull and lower under accumulated stocks. ¦
Butter and Cheese as previously quoted.
Oranges selling very low at auction. Lemons and Limes dull.
Fresh fruits in good supply. Dried Fruits largely nominal.
Hams advanced Yic. Other Provisiqtis unclianged.
Hogs advanced under lighter arrivals.
Light trading on the local stock exchanges.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower. Exchange about the same.
Wheat dull and unchanged. Shipping Barley ¦ in active demand.
Red Oats continue to decline tinder increasing offerings.
Com and Rye dull and unchanged. j-
Hay very weak, but not quotably lower.
CLOSING.
_LONDON, June 24.-Atchiion.90H; Canadian
Pacific, 108; Union Pacific preferred. 93: North
ern Pacific preferred. 99; -Grand Trunk liw-
Anaconda, 10.
'Bar silver, steady, 27%d per ounce. .
Money, 2 per cent. ..
NEW YORK. June 24.— The Commercial , Ad
•vertiser's London financial cablegram says;
Stocky Exchange brokers to-day were discussing
holidays instead of transacting business, with
the- result that trading was well-nigh dormant.
As there was no business to transact, or at
least no inclination to transact it. members
larked like school boys. It was a blank day
for American shares.
London Market.
WASHINGTON. June - 24.-To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in , the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances. $173.645,839; . gold, $97,996,571.
NEW YORK, June 24.^-Money on call, steady,
3%€4% per cent; last loan.'S^ per cent; ruling
rate, 4 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 3%@
4V4 P«r cent. Sterling exchange, easier, with
actual business in bankers'. I bills . at $4 87%@
4 88 for demand, and at $4 85% for sixty days;
mSS** 1 ?!!^ $4 «^f 4 ' and $4 S9 " Commercial bills,
M 84%@4 85%. Silver certificates, nominally 60c.
Bar silver, 69%c; Mexican dollars, 47^c. State
bonds, inactive; Government bonds, easier:
railroad bonds, irregular. .
Condition of the Treasury.
New- York Money Market.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. '
Adams Con 15 Little Chief "...... 13
AUce 40 Ontario .............8 50
Breece 1 60 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con 16 Phoenix 12
Comstock Tunnel... 5H Potosi 07
C C & Va 2 05 Savage 10
Deadwood Terra .. 55 Sierra Nevada 20
Horn Silver 1 CO Small Hopes ...... 40
J ron . Silver 59 Standard .3 65
Leadville Con ..:.. 05!
Flour, qr sks 10.S2B Wool hales ... 507
Wheat, ctls 9,150 Wine, gals 22 400
Barley, ctls 14,145 Leather, rolls .... 'i 1^
Oats, ctfs 4,590 Sugar, ctls 3 vfr)
Corn. ctls. SWi Silver, flsks * 23
Potatoes, sks 3.54 1 ! Chicory, bbls ... '35
Onions, sks .. ¦" 213 Pelts, bdls 2 077
Middlings, sks ... 121 Hides, No '202
Bran, sks 1,193 Tallow, ctls ..... 2S0
Hay, tons .821 Lime, bbls 545
Straw, tons 54 ,
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks S,6Jj:> [Potatoes,* sks ... 188
Oats, ctl3 3R0I
FOR MONDAY, JUNE 24.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed. 6.25c: Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c;_Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. h.ioc: Fruit Granulated, 5.75c; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; box
es, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or it3 equivalent.
Domlnos, half-barrels. 6.5Cc; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases and
62c in drums or iron barrels. ,
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: '
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk
12^c; Pearl OH. in cases, 18Vic; Astral. ISHc'
Star, 18%c; Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine. 23Hc;
Eocene. 20%c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In
bulk. 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c:
in cases, 20c; S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c;
In cases, 26c.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walla
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel. $10^ per ton ; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, $8 43 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. ac
cording to brand.
OILS— California Castor OH. In cases. No. 1
75c; pure, $130; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled
81c; raw, 79c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c: cases, J5c; China
Nut, 53@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil. natural- white, 37%@42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels, 35c; cases, 40c..
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 85; Cal
cutta Grain Bags. 7%c; local make. %c less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@8c.
General Merchandise.
LAMB-Jjpring. 8@9c per pound.
PORK-*fc4ve Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6^0;
over 200_lbs, 6c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per cent
off, boars 50 per cent off, and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs
7^@9%c.
Hogs have advanced, arrivals having fallen
oft considerably, as remarked at the close of
the week. There are no other changes. .
. Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as tollows:
- BEEF — 6%@7c for Steers and 6@6%c per lb for
cows. • -
VEAL— Large. 7%@8c: small. 8@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@8c; Ewes. 6%@7c per
pounds.
HOPS— 15S20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
TALLpW-No 1 rendered. 4%$4*e per lb;
choice. 5c: No. 2. 3^@4c; grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 13@14%c per lb: Northern, free 12®
13c; defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free 10®
lie; do defective. S@10c; Southern. 12 months.
8@9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c; do de
fective, 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
14@15c; do. medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good. 9@llc-
Nevada, lie.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10Hc; medium. 9@9^c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides,. 8%@^c for heavy and.8@SHc for light;
Stags, 6%c; Salted KiD. 9%c; Salted Veal.
9%@10c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c:
Culls, 13%@14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf. 16H@
17c;: CuJls and Brands. 13@14c; Sheepskins
Eheariings: 15@30c each; short Wool. 3O@50c
each ; medium. 60(S73c; long Wool 80c@$l
each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 50@2 75 for large
&n- z . $2 25 for medium. $1 5001 75 for small and
EOc for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large
$1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c for
Colts. Deerskins — Summer or 'red skins 33c
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins'
20c. Goatskins— Prim* Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Heps.
CURED ME ATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%@12c for light medium, 13%c for light. 14%c
for extra light and 15Uc for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13*£c; Mess Beef, $12
per barrel; extra Mess. . $12 50; Family. $13 50;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $23; Mess.
$19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per lb.
¦ LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10U C for pure: half-barrels, pure.
10W.*ii(v»,. c: 10-ib tins. llOUHc: 5-lb tins, llHc
TOTTOLENE- One half-barrel. 9«4c; three
half-barrels. 9tfc: one tierce. 9Hc; two Uerces.
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb. ¦ •
,,'An, advance ¦ oft %c- per :1b; in "Hams'ls : an
nounced. AH 'other; descriptions are unchanged.
Bacon and Lard rule firm.
Provisions.
•'¦'. -'_-¦ r ST. JOSEPH.
.-ST. JOSEPH. Mo., June 24.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1275. Market active. Steady • on best
common ; grassy -kinds * slow,' 10c • lower. Na
tives, $4 80@6; cows and heifers, $2 15@5; veals.
$3 25@6 25; bulls and stags, $2 75@5 10; stockers
and feeders," $2 75@4 75. '-
HOGS— Receipts, 3039. -Mostly 2^c higher.
Light • and light mixed, $5 95@6 02% ; : medium
and heavy, $5 97%@6 12% ; pigs, $4@5 ; bulk ; of
sales, . $5 97^@6 02%. . • • "-"-,'
SHEEP— Receipts, 2447; 10@15c' lower; lambs,
steady. ¦ . .
$6@6 25;: rough heavy, $5 35<g5 So; light, $5 80®
6 10; bulk of: sales, 1 $5 95@6 10. ' :
3 SHEEP— Receipts,' 26,000. -; Choice, steady : oth
ers weak. : Shorn lambs ¦ up . to . $4 80.' . Good to
choice : wethers, ' $4@4 30 ; i fair to choice mixed,
$3 65(54: W^estern sheep, $4@4 30; yearlings, | $4 10
@4 40 ; native lambs, j $4@5 25 ; '- Western lambs,
$5@5 25; spring lambs." up to $5 75.
FRUITS— Apricots. ; 5<g>7»4e for old crop and
7V4@S 1^c for new; : Evaporated Apples, 5^@6c:
sun dried, l%@2V4c: Peaches; 3^©4c for stand
ard, '¦ 4Vt@5%c ¦ f or ¦ choice and i GtSW&c for fancy;
Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 3@4c; unpitted." %ig
l%c: Nectarines, 4©4V^c for ¦ red and 4®5c for
white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes. 3c; 40-5OS, 6Uc; 50-60s, 4\ic*
60-70s. 3%c; 70-SOs, 3%c; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-100s 2y c "
100-120S, lHc
RAISINS— The Raisin - Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleachea
Thompson's fancy, ..12c' per lb; choice, lie
standard,- 10c: .prime. 9c:' unbleached Thomn
jion'8, 9c per lb. SultanaF— Fancy. 10Uc per lb
choice.'' g'/ic:*/ standard," S^c: -. prime, • 8c- un
bleached. Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. fiO-lb • boxes
6V&C ; 4-crown. ; . 7c ; 3-crown, 6Uc ; • 2-crown ' 6c'
Pacific brand— 2-crown.v 5c: '3-crown. 514c and
4-crown.'- 5»^c; . seeded .. (Fresno • prices) - 5U C -
London Layers,' S-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown*
$1 60: Fancy Clusters.- $2;r Dehesa, $2 S0:>:In)<
perials, $3. . All prices f..o. b. at common rhlu.
pins points ni Calirornla. . *^
• NUTS— Walnuts.- Nor 1 softshpll. • Jieiiiie-
No. 8. SOSHc: No., 1 hardshell. 10®l0\4c- No V
SH®7V4c; .Almonds, , ISWl+o for paper-the-ll io©
lie for 80ftshell and B©6c for hardshell- Pea
nuts,- 5®6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, uenii.-
Filberts. ; 12®12V4c: Pecans. H®13e: Cocoanuts.'
?3 fiO<?5. • ¦ ¦ . .-'•¦¦ - ¦'-,-. . ¦¦ .¦
•HONEY— Comb, lOJPllc for brlRht nnd SW^Uo
for lljtht amber,. water whlta extracted, 5©5Uc:
llcht umber «»xtr8Cted. 4(B4Wc; dark. SUe •
BKESWAX-KfllSc rer lb."
MELONS— Watermelons from Indio. $?(g5 per
dozen; Nutmegs from Yuma, $1 25>JJ3 per crate;
frcm . Indio, . in large crates, $3 5C©4.
-CRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona, $1 50@l 75
per crate. . ' ' • ¦ ¦ ' ',
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$2;
Seedlings. 2oc@ll 23: Mediterranean Sweets. 50c
!ffi$l SO; Valencias, $1 50(55.2 23; Lemons, 75c® $1 25
for commonand $1 50<S2 50.for good to choice;
Grape Fruit.- 50c@$l EO; Mexican Limes. $4sj5;
Bananas, $1@2 per bunch for New Orleans and
75c@$2 for Honolulu; . Pineapples, $1 50@2 50
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APRICOTS— 2",©o0c per box. S3(f?6.-c per crate
and 1.1033c per basket; in bulk, $10@25 per ton.
CHERRIES— ZO&'iac for dark and 3c@83c for
Royal Anne; in bulk, 6@Sc per lb for black.
4@5c for red and 7<?29c fcr Royal Anne.
PLUMS— 15;g3:;c per box and 12%@:;c per bas-1
ket for Ciyman and 30@Kc per crate for Trag
edy; Plums, in bulk, $10 per ton.- ¦ ¦
¦ OHKEUY PLTIMS— ir.(S2r.c per box.
PEACHES— 25<£60c per box and 30@o5c per
basket.
, PEARS— Madelines, 15(g23c per basket; Bart
letts,' per box. .
STRAWBERRIES— $4O6 per chest for Long
worths and $3 ;0<fJ5 for large berries. . Receipts
were 403 chests. Some in crates sold at 50@7oc
LOGAN BERRIES-$4@5 per chest
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 per chest and 30@60c
per crate. ' , ¦ , - • .
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest " and 50@75c
per crate.' /
GOOSEBERRIES— 20®S0c per drawer and If?
2c in bulk. -. .
. CURRANTS^esjre per chest.
FIGS — Black. ' 25@50c per box for single and
73c@$l for double layers;. White, 50® 30c pcf
box. ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦•-. ' ••¦..-. .- ¦ ¦ -¦ ¦¦ ¦! , :.
APPLES— Cold storage, old. $1 25(!?2 50 per
box; new, 25@75c per large box and 15(S40c per
basket. *"¦'"¦ ' ' -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Three cars of Oranges were ' auctioned at
very low prices, as follows: Choice Navels,
35@40c; Australian Navels, 30@45c; Mediterran
ean Sweets, 25@S3c; Valencias, $1@1 55- st
Michaels, $1 40@l 50; Seedlings, 25@35c. Though
the offerings were generally In poor condition
this was not the only reason for the low prices'
The fact is the ijrange market is very dull
and retailers say that they are only selling one
box now where they sold ten a few weeks ago.
The demand at this season of the year is for
the summer fruits, and Oranges are according
ly neglected. Lemons and Limes are also dull
and weak.' ' .
Orchard ¦ fruits remain about the same as at
the close of the week, the market being freely
supplied with all varieties. Some very small
and poor Apricots are selling In bulk down to
$10 per ton. The demand for Cherries shows a
falling off. There are plenty of Peaches arid
Apples coming in, but Pears are in light sup
ply. ¦ \ , .
Berries are cheap, as will be seen. Arrivals
are ample for all needs.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. '
The weakness in Eggs continues, and prices
are off, both in' the open '. market and on the
Exchange.. Stocks are too heavy for the mid
summer demand, which !s always light, and
most dealers are overstocked. '
Receipts of Butter continue liberal, and cold
storing is still going on' to keep down the
surplus. Prices are unchanged.
Eastern Cheese is lower, . and receipts are
liberal, as will be seen. . The local product is
In free supply -and easy. ;
Receipts were 74,200 pounds and 519 tubs of
Butter, S96 cases of Egrgs. 883 cases Eastern
Eggs, 6050 pounds of California Cheese and
21,570 pounds j Eastern Cheese. ¦ ¦ : .
•¦'... -• OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery.- 17%@lSc per lb for fancy
and 16»4<gl7c for seconds; dairy. 14@16%c per lb
CHEESE— New. S<g9c : old. , nominal; Youn"'
Americas. 9@10c- per lb. ~*rv"~.~r . **
EGGS— Ranch. 15@lSc for- good to fancy
store, 12%@l4%c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, • 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
Dairy-Extras. 16c; firstl," 15c; seconds 14c
store, 13c. '
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 8cr choice, 7%c
common, nominal: Young Americas. 9c: East
ern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch-Selected white, 16c; mixed
colors. 14%c per. dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 14c; standard
12%c; seconds, .'•.- . - -
Eastern— -Standard, -1414c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
¦A car of Eastern Poultry came in, selling at
$5@5 50 for Hens, $4 50 for old Roosters, I $1 75
for Pigeons and $2 for Squabs, $3 50 for old
Ducks, $1 for Geese, 10c for Hen Turkeys and
7c for Gobblers. Another car Is expected to
day. '
O F^T R y~ L £ fe Tur^ e y s . 9 @10c for Gobblers
and 9@llc for Hens; Geese, per pair JliSl 25-
Goslings. $1@1 25; Ducks, $3 50®4 for old and
$3 50@4 for young; Hens, $3 50@4; young Roos
ters. ?C@7 50; old Roosters, $3@3 50- Fryers $4®
4 50; Broilers. $S@4. for large and $1 75@2 50 for
small; Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and . $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.... . 1 . . - ••
GAME— Hare, $1 50; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontail and $1 25 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
New Potatoes continue unsettled.^ | advancing
one day and declining tlie next.V Yesterday
they were higher all around. Oregons are nom
inal, being mostly held for seed.
Onions are about as previously quoted.
. In Vegetables,- Cucumbers, Squash' and Corn
are" lower, and all the other descriptions
are weak'and quiet, with ample supplies. The
Corn coming in from Vacaville and Brentwood
is generally poor..
POTATOES— Burbanks. $1 25@1 50 for Oregon :
New. Potatoes. $1 10@l 75 for Burbanks, $133
<ffl 50 for Garnet Chiles and$l 15@1 50 for Early
Rose ! in boxes. -
ONIONS— New Red. 30@50c per sack; New
Yellow, 7o<?f95c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— .Rhubarb. 25@75c per box;
Asparagus.' $1 75®2 25 for large, $1 25®1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 40c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas.
75c@$l 23 per sack; String Beans, l%@2',4c; Cab
bage. - 5n<S60c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los An
geles, 75c<5$l ; from Winters, 75c@?l: from the
River and Bay, in small boxes,. 90c@$l; Rivers,
in large boxes. $2; Dried Peppers. 12@18c; Dry
Okra, 15@20c per lb; Carrots. 25®35c per sack-
Marysville Cucumbers. 40©50c per. box- Win
ters. GC®75c; Bay, $1 25«?1 50; Garlic. 2@3c;
Green Peppers. - — per lb: Egg Plant. 8@15c
per lb; Green Corn, 40c@$l 25 per sack; Bay do,
n@2 per -crate: Summer Squash, 2O@4Oc per
box;.Baydo, 50@C5c. •
SEEDS— Brown. Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary, 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c: Hemp. 3%c; Timothy, 6*4c. ¦ -\ -
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
White Beans are lower and ¦ Limas ' higher.
Other descriptions show no material change.
The market continues dull. ¦¦'. .
BEANS— Bayos,*$2 45@2 60; Small White, $4 75
@4 90; Large White. $3 70<f?3 90: Pink. $1 40@l 70;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 1003 25; Limas, $6 40;
Pea, nominal, Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl. • -
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Old Is quoted at $3@12 50 per ton. New
is quotable I as follows: • Wheat. $8 50@9 50:
Wheat and Oat. $S@9; Oat. $6 50@8: Barley and
Oat. $7@8 50; Alfslfa. $6@8; Clover, $5@6 per
ton ; Volunteer, $*(5S7 £0. •_>
STRAW— 25@47'4c. per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 5(Vf 17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; job
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake. J17@1S; Corn Meal.
I28@29 ;" Cracked Corn. $28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed.
$lfi 50ffll7 50. ._ . ¦ - ¦•-,.-
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
AH Hay, dealers reported an excessively weak
market, with heavy arrivals, ' though" prices did
not . actually' decline! Buyers and sellers were
so far 'apart, however, that but little business
was done.- ¦¦¦¦.-.
"There was no change in Feedstuffs.
. BRAN— J17 50@18 50 per ton.-
Hay and Feedstu ffs.
". MILLSTUFFS-rPrlces In sacks . are as fol
lows., usual - discount to \ the ¦ trade: v Graham
Flour, $3 per lOOlbs: Rye, Flour. J2 75: Rye
Meal.- $2 50; Rice Flour. $7 ; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do. J3 75; Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy.
?3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour. .. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina,- $4 50; .Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25 ; Rolled ' Oats (barrels), • $S ?5@7 85 ;
in sacks, $6@7 50; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; £reen Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
$2 75@3 for bakers' bakers', $2 75
THE? SAN .FRANCISCO
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
THE COAST RECORD.
8
STATIONS.
c
I
f
>iP >-3=- S.t"
rex o 3
mis
: 3 : 3 P- a
en
13
Ft
Astoria 29.96 60 46 XW Cloudy .74
Baker 28.SS 60 60 NW Cloudy (T.)
Carson 23."0 6S 44 W Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka. 29. M 56 50 NW Clear ¦ .00
Fresno 29.70 E4 52 XW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 38.80 78 44 SW Clear .00
Pacotello, M....-M.76 66 50 W Cloudy .00
Independence ..." 29.44 S6 CO W Pt.Cldy .CO
L«os Angeles 19.76 72 58 \V V[ Clear .00
Phoenix 29.50 102 74 S Clear- ..00
Portland 29.94 £8 4S W Rain .IS
Red Bluff 29.66 82 60 SG Clear .00
Roseburg 29.80 64 4S N Pt.Cldy .It
Sacramento 29.74 76 E2 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.54 *0 54 XW Cloudy .00
San Francisco .. 29.84 60 4g W Clear .00
San Lui*. Obispo 29.86 66 42 W Cloudy .00
San Diego 2».76 64 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 29.90 62 44 XW Pt.Cldy (T.)
Spokane .'.... 29.S4 66 42 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Xeah Bay 29.92 52 41 SW Rain .22
Walla Walla ... 29.82 70 44 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Wtnnemucca. ...29.72 64 54 XW Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.S2 1C2 66 W Clear M
STATIONS.
c
I
f
>iP >-3=- S.t"
rex o 3
mis
: 3 : 3 P- a
en
13
Ft
Astoria 29.96 60 46 XW Cloudy .74
Baker 28.SS 60 60 NW Cloudy (T.)
Carson 23."0 6S 44 W Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka. 29. M 56 50 NW Clear ¦ .00
Fresno 29.70 E4 52 XW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 38.80 78 44 SW Clear .00
Pacotello, M....-M.76 66 50 W Cloudy .00
Independence ..." 29.44 S6 CO W Pt.Cldy .CO
L«os Angeles 19.76 72 58 \V V[ Clear .00
Phoenix 29.50 102 74 S Clear- ..00
Portland 29.94 £8 4S W Rain .IS
Red Bluff 29.66 82 60 SG Clear .00
Roseburg 29.80 64 4S N Pt.Cldy .It
Sacramento 29.74 76 E2 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.54 *0 54 XW Cloudy .00
San Francisco .. 29.84 60 4g W Clear .00
San Lui*. Obispo 29.86 66 42 W Cloudy .00
San Diego 2».76 64 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 29.90 62 44 XW Pt.Cldy (T.)
Spokane .'.... 29.S4 66 42 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Xeah Bay 29.92 52 41 SW Rain .22
Walla Walla ... 29.82 70 44 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Wtnnemucca. ...29.72 64 54 XW Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.S2 1C2 66 W Clear M
AUCTION SALES
- - ; " ' : - - - ¦ - •¦-- - ¦ ; '_^.
AUCTION SALE.
fe &*
SPEED. SPEED. SPEED.
FRIDAT, June 27. at 11 o'clock, st J. ft
Hqran's salesyards. corner Tenth and Bryant
sts. By order of Captain Hackett. I will sell
100 head of the finest bi^d trotting and run-
ning horses ever offered in California; also
several matched carriage teams, polo ponle*
and work horaes of every description. Th«
above stock was formerly owned by Dan Mc-
Carthy. They are all well broken to and bred
in the purple and will positively be sold to the
highest bidder without reserve. Catalogues day
of sale. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
£**".'; : OF £*
7.% Head of YOUNG BROKEN DRIVINC*.
WORK and DRAFT HORSES, suitable for
bakers, milkmen, express, contractors, brewery,
delivery, etc.. weighing from lOOO to 13OO;
matched teams. - *TBrW
PROPERTY OF J. W. CHURCHILL OF
YPEKA and others.
To be sold on THURSDAY. June 27, 1901,
• At 11 a. m.. at
Salesyard, . 1732 MARKET STREET, corner
Van Ness avenue.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Klllip & Co..
Livestock Auctioneer*.
MORTGAGE SALE
JrW . .£%
By the order. of O. H. FERRY, mortgages.,
the contents of the Willows Stable. 2125M1*-
vion street, will be sold at auction on TUES-
DAY. June 25. at 11 a. m.. consisting of 35
Horses. 4 Hacks. Buggies. Wagons, Surrey,
Harness, etc. J. J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.William Beveridge, second assistant en
gineer of the China,- was arrested yester
day by customs ' inspectors ; while coming
down -the gangplank with five yards of
smuggled silk concealed under , his cloth
ing. Nine hundred and fifty, smuggled
cigars were also seized In one of. the air
chambers of the starboard lifeboat. . /
Smuggled Goods Seized.
Eight suits by coal importers of this
city, filed a. year ago. against the collec
tor to restrain him from collecting the
maximum duty on anthracite coal, were
dismissed by United States Circuit Judge
Morrow yesterday on motion of United.
States District Attorney- Woodworth. The
reason assigned was that the Issue In
volved had already been determined in
the United States Supreme Court in the
case of Evans against the collector.
Coal Duties Cases Dismissed.
THEOWN FROM HIS WHEEL.
Floyd MacFarland of San Jose Se-
verely Injured in a Race^at
Madison Square Garden.
NEW YORK, June 24.— When Floyd
MacFarland of San Jose, Cal., had rid
den thirteen miles and four laps of a
scheduled fifteen-mile motor-paced race
with Johnny Nelson of Chicago, at Madi
son Square Garden to-night, he ran into
a motor machine which slipped down the
incline at the northeast end of the garden,
just as it was gettingjunder way to pass
one of the contestant^ MacFarland was
thrown from his wheel to the banked
track, and Nelson, who was following him
at a terrific clip, was thrown completely
over MacFarland. MacFarland was
picked up bruised and bleeding, and was
taken to a hospital in a semi-conscious
condition. Nelson was also bleeding from
a cut in th« face, but pluckily resumed
riding, and after pedaling fourteen miles
and one lap. which he covered in 27:42. he
was notified to stop riding and awarded
the race.
Cooper of Detroit defeated Sydney Jen
kins of England in both heats of the
mile international race. Time, 2:21 1-5
2:15 1-5.
IMPORTANT CHANGES
MADE AMONG RAILWAY MEN
Will Be Operated as an Inde-
K-io Grande and Western Railroad
pendent System.
. SALT LAKE, Utah. June 24.— The Rio
Grande Western Railroad, which recently
became part of the Denver and Rip
Grande system, will, according to Presi
dent E. T. Jeffery. who is in Salt Lake
oh a tour of Inspection, be operated as an
independent system. The following
changes in officials will be made:
General Manager Metcalf of the Denver
and Rio Grande will act as general man
ager of the Rio Grande Western, General
Traffic Manager Hughes of the Denver
and Rio Grande will act as general traffic
manager of the Rio Grande Western, S.
H. Babcock, present traffic manager of
the latter road, to have the title of assist
ant genera] traffic manager, with jurisdic
tion over both systems. No other changes
in Rio Grande Western heads of depart
ments are contemplated, it is stated.
Gregorio Cortez, Who Killed Thres
DESPERADO CAPTURED
AFTER A LONG CHASE
Texas Officers, Is Now in Jail
at San Antonio.
DALLAS. Tex., June 24.— Gregorio Cor
tez, the Mexican, captured at the coal
mines above Laredo, charged with killing
Sheriffs Glover and Morris and Henry
Schnelbel, a member of the posse, about
ten days ago, was brought to San Antonio
to-day on a special train from Laredo and
lodged in jail. The prisoner admits his
identity and acknowledges having killed
the three officers named. It has not been
determined when he will be taken to
Karnes County. •/'•V*
VERY FAST TRIAL RACES.
HENLEY, England. June 24.— Some fast
trials were accomplished here this after
noon, the Pennsylvania crew' doing the
best, covering the full course in 7 minutes
3 1-5 seconds, and half the course in 3
minutes 25 seconds. Starting at forty to
the minute, the Americans never fell be
low thirty-seven and sometimes spurted
to forty-two. A number of British oars
men who accompanied the Americans con
sidered the trial a remarkable one. The
Pennsylvanians were by no means rowed
out. They proceeded to their boathouse,
half a mile farther on, before stopping.
The conditions of wind and water were
not favorable to the oarsmen. The Lean
ders did the course in 7 minutes 35 sec
onds, so the Americans' chances are re
garded as srood.
The boa " examination for the cer
tification _j. oarbers plying their trade In
this State has opened headquarters in the
Emma Spreckels building and has started
In ppwaUoii the machinery provided in
the act dealing the board. The members
of the board are J. J. Calish of San Fran
cisco, president: F. • Flaming of Sacra
mento, treasurer, and P. W. Drake of
L^s Angeles, secretary.-
The office was opened two weeks ago
and >lnce that time the applications nf
practicing barbers for certificates have
been coming rapidly, until now there are
about 1000 on tile. So far there have been
no examinations, for the ' board wishes
first to attend to those who do not come
within the provisions requiring an exam
ination before undertaking the more seri
ous business of the board. '.
The act provides that every barber ply
ing his trade in this State before Febru
ary 20 of this year shall be granted a cer
tificate upon application to the board and
upon payment of a fee of $1, provided
tin board, without examination, believes
him to be a competent barber. It Is these
men who are now being considered by
the board. Later, when the greater num
ber of the 2500 barbers .in this city have
been provided with certificates those who
must be examined will be brought before
the board.
The fee for examination is $5, and all
those who were not barbers before Feb
ruary 20 of this year or who have come
or may come to the State after that date
must be examined. The examination will
be a practical, one. that any competent
barber can pass, but it will not be an
easy one, and only those who are well up
In their trade can go through the test
satisfactorily. . The examinations will
probably begin toward the latter end of
this week. , .-...-... ••
PREPARING TO TEST
ABILITIES OF BARBERS
Examining Board Receiving Applica
tions and Getting Ready to
License Razor Men.
George Meinen was arrested yesterday
on a warrant charging him with obtaining
money by. false pretenses. The complain
ing witness is James L. Scanlan, 205 Elev
enth street. ¦
.. Scanlan ..was anxious to go into the sa
loon business and wan introduced to Mein
en, who represented himself as the man
ager of the Western . Wine Association,
and said i he had a saloon to sell at 233
Sixth street, all the fixtures, stock 7- and
other articles. Including the cash register,
belonging to him. Scanlan agreed to pur
chase the business and on May . 9 paid
Meinen $600 in cash and gave him a prom
issory note for $400. . • : -
Scanlan took possession of the saloon,
but soon found, that .the representations
made to him were not true. The cash reg
ister ..was only leased and the large num
ber of bottles- on 'the" shelves/ which were'
supposed I to contain > liquor, were either
empty or filled with water. He demanded
tho return. of, his -money, but it:, was re
fused on the ground that h'e had gone into
the :¦ transaction " with * his eyes ; open - and
should have known * what* he was buying.
SCANIiAN'S BAD VENTURE ~
IN . SALOON BUSINESS
He Has George Meinen Arrested for
Obtaining Money by False
Pretenses.
. The lieutenant has been assigned to his
old position in the Mission district in con
junction with Lieutenant Anderson.
His report during the three months,
which was submitted to Chief Sullivan
yesterday, will stand as one of the beat.
If r.ot the best, of any during a like period
in Chinatown. During that period 292
whites and 1009 Chinese were arrested,
making a total of 1301. Of these 764 were
convicted and paid fines, forty-five were
convicted, and confined, three convicted
and appealed, 466 were dismissed and
twenty- three cases .are still pending In
the police courts. The fines and forfeit
ures collected amounted to $7270. :
Lieutenant Price was relieved at his
own request, as he deemed he had shown
enough during the three months he had
been In Chinatown since his reinstatement
to vindicate his. reputation as a zealous
and honest officer. ¦ .
, There was a change in the Chinatown
squad yesterday at noon, Lieutenant Price
and squad retiring to make way for Ser
jeant M. J. Conboy and squad, which Is
composed of Policemen John Tillman, Je
rome II. Tyrrell, Robert Barry and Peter
Richter. •
by Sergeant M. J. Conboy
and Squad.
They Are Superseded . in Chinatown
PRICE AND HIS SQUAD
MAKE A FINE RECORD
DECLARES ERICKSON
WILL TO BE INVALID
Judge Troutt Commends Proponents
Thereof to the Consideration of
the District Attorney.
Judge Troutt decided yesterday that the
alleged last will of Larus Erickson, who
died December 31, 1900, at the Coso House
on Sansome street, leaving an estate val
ued at $10,000% was not the last will of the
deceased. Furthermore, the court com
mended Annie J. Armstrong, sole devisee
under the will, and Adrian Cabrol and
Frederic Delmaa. witnesses to the will to
the consideration of the District Attor
ney.
Shortly after Erlckson's death Annie J.
Armstrong- filed a will alleged to be the
last testament of the deceased, in which
she was named as sole devisee, for pro
bate. She averred, and her averments
were supported by the testimony of Cab
ro! and Delmas, that Erickson had dic
tated the will. Photographer Bacchus
ptrsed judgment upon the will contrary
to the allegations of Mrs. Armstrong and
the weight of evidence supported his opin
ion.
After denying the petition asking for the
probate of the will Judge Troutt said:'
"I. consider it my. official duty to refer
tho transcript of testimony taken in this
case to the District Attorney, that he may
take such action thereon as in his official
duty he may see fit and proper." ,
* The language of the court makes plain
his belief that the will, was forged and if
de,feat in the matter of "the will is the full
measure of trouble that comes to the pro
ponents tnereof it, will be solely due to the
leniency of the District Attorney, In
whose hands the decision of the court has
placed the matter for further investiga
tion. . ¦ / ¦¦¦¦.".•• . .-
SAILED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
•¦;¦'. ' Monday, June 24.
Stmr, Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Eureka, etc.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 24— Schr
Maria ¦ E Smith, from Port I Townsend.
NEAH BAY— Passed ' out June 24— Stmr Mat
tea wan, . for San Francisco. < •¦
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June • 24-Stmr Empress
of China, from Hongkong, Shanghai, Nagasaki
and-Hlopo, for Vancouver, B C.
LIZARD— Passed . June j 24— Stmr Maasdam,
from New York, for Boulogne and Rotterdam
GIBRALTAR— Passed June 24— Stmr Teen
kal, from Tacoma, > via Manila, for Liverpool.
MOVILLE— Arrived June 24— Stmr Furnessla,
from New York, for Glasgow. .. ¦ •
. NEW YORK— Arrived June 24— Stmr Taurlci
from ' Liverpool; stmr. Patrla, from Marseilles
and Naples. . ii-i Ai^- '¦' ¦'¦¦'•- •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 24— Stmr Lake
Mosantic. from Montreal ; stmr Saxonla, from
Boston. .¦ • • . •
- HONGKONG— Sailed June 20— Stmr Belgian
Kins, | for San Diego.
GLASGOW— Palle d June 24— Stmr Lauren
tian, for New York; stmr Ltvonlan, for Mont
real. VwtdK9^g3C,HBqKl*mtt&baaffcft ~ ••¦•
BREMEN— Arrived June 24— Stmr Frelderlch
der GioEse,' from Ne,w York. <
POLICE DEPARTMENT TEAMS
THAT PLAYED; FOR A DIN
NER YESTERDAY.' ¦ . \
Frank Green, treasurer of the L.ong
shoremen's Protective Association, charg
ed with felony embezzlement, was In
structed as to his rights by Judge Fritz
yesterday and arraigned. The case was
continued till Friday. The Judge made an
ordrj- increasing Green's bonds from $1000
to 5S0O0. It Is expected that when the pre
liminary examination is heard there will
bp interesting developments, as Green de
clares that others will be implicated with
him.
Green Is Arraigned.
The Northsides made nine runs in one .
inning by sampling Mr. Moriarity's curves f
for as many hits. Moriarity was shifted
to the fog belt, and Policeman Goodwin
came to the rescue. His wonderful curves'
circled the necks of opposing batters and
he easily held them in subjection. The
Southern players, better known as Cap
tain Spillane's "Rough Riders." swung
their bats as if they were clubs and every
ball was a craniupi. They batted Mr
Birdsall out of the box in the last Inning
.and passed their rivals. Then, although
victory was .theirs, they continued the
slaughter and> grave no quarter.
At the close of the argument the South
ern crew had 12 runs to the Northern's !>
The game was for a dinner, which will be
eaten with relish by the victors within a
few days. .
Following was the batting order of the
teams:
Southern station — Harrison, catcher* Good
win, pitcher; Wilson, third; Moriarity. left'
field ;. Staples, second base; Hobi, shortstop-
Or, center field; McQuald. first baae; Morrl-
Bey, right field.
Northern station— Minihan. right field- Kear
ney, shortstop^ Sullivan, second base; Tlerney
left field; Birdsall, pitcher: Coulter, nret base;
Byrne, Kubstltute, third bas«; Sheehan catch
er: "Chick" Evatt, center field.
Scorer*— Clancy for the "Relish Riders" and
Healy, of the Mint, fn r the WIttmnn stars.
It was a great game from a spectator's
standpoint. The big fellows who played
In it will remember it for many a day by
reason of their sore spots. The "bulls"
trotted on to the field like so many sheep.
Only throe of them wore baseball suits,
and these costumes stood out in bold re
lief. "Slats" Sullivan, who acts as coach
man on one of the Chief's blue painted
tallyhos, appeared on the scene In a suit
that looked like a robe de nult. Young
Birdsall, who used to be a bicycle rider,
eclipsed every one by the gaudiness of
his attire. His sweater was a creation in
pink and blue and his magenta suit was
built in plaits. "Billy" Harrison, the
Judging by these criticisms, the "cops '
were playing a terrible game. One young
ster who had frequently been chased by
Policeman Minihan of the southern squad
vented, his feelings against that officer.
As Minihan gamboling down to first
on a scratch hit to pitcher the kid yelled,
"O Minihan, does yer know O'Hooligan?"
And Minihan tripped over his shadow and
plowed up the dust.
they roasted the playing from points of
vantage in the grand stand and press box.
Arrested and Receives Severe
Reprimand Himself.
A teamster named McHugh. employed
by a large dry poods establishment, ap
peared In Judge Conlan's court j-esterday
as complainant in a battery case, and
went home with little satisfaction and a
great deal of practical advice in regard to
his future conduct-
It appeared that on June 13 McHugh
was abusing his horse on Mission Etreet,
and Leonard ".Yiggrins. the defendant in
The battery case, objected. McHugh there
¦upon made a violent attack upon Wiggins
snd left Mm rather the worse for his ef
forts in behalf of humanity. Several days
iater McHugh discovered that his finger
¦was seriously injured, and swore out a
v.arrant for the arrest of Wiggins.
When the evidence had been heard
Judpp Conlan .Hsmissed the case, with a
regret that McHugh had not been arrest
ed for cruelty to his horse and with a
verbal chastisement that is likely to lin
pt long in the teamster's memory.
GOES OUT OF HIS WAY. ' 3 . f
TO GET INTO TROUBLE
Teamster McHugrh Has "Another Man
The suicide had made deliberate plans
for death. He had taken a four-foot
length of rubber tubing, fixed one end
over the gas burner, coiled the slack
around his neck, then turned on the key,
put the other end in his .mouth and lay
on the bed.
A note addressed to the Coroner was
found in the room. It read:
To the Coroner: Advise \V. F. Taylor. 314
Front street, Memphis. Tenn. My name is W.
F. Taylor Jr.; object of suicide, domestic
troubles of long standing.
The note was written with the evident
intent to turn the Investigation away
from what must prove to have been the
real cause of Taylor's despondent deed.
The clew was furnished by W. L. Fon
taine, a member of the tirm bv whom
Taylor had been employed until he was
discharged on June L Mr. Fontaine said:
"I know of no cause for the young
man's suicide save his distress over finan
cial troubles in which he was involved
with our firm. He had been the book
keeper since March, 1900, when he was
given a position through Mr. Thomason's
son, a friend of the young man. I'
"Mr. Taylor was discharged June 1 be
cause we had no further use for his ser
vices. . The financial matters were not
disclosed until after he left our employ.
We have reason to believe that he knew
what had been discovered and that pro
ceedings would shortly be taken by us
to recover his shortage. His people in
the East have not been apprised of the
situation. A letter from us will be sent
within a day or two.
"I do not care to say. at present how
much money is involved. That is the only
cause I know of that would lead to the
suicide. If any other existed it was un
known to me. Taylor was not married."
Taylor had resided in California six
years, coming here from Tennessee for
his health. He resided in rooms on Powell
street, near Geary, in San Francisco.
Among his OaKland friends was Edward
C. Edson. manager of the Gas Consum
ers' Association. Edson had an engage
ment to go to a theater last night with
Taylor, whom he met on the street near
his rooms. :-.,¦¦.
"He told me that he would have to
break the engagement." said. Mr. Edson
to-day, "because he had to go to Oakland
to' meet his late employers on business. I
cannot understand the note, because Tay
lor was unmarried and could have had no
domestic troubles. 1 had known him
: about a year."
Instead of meeting his employers Tay
lor came across the bay and went direct
ly to the hotel, where he registered at
9:30 o'clock and rertfed a room for the
night He wrote the note to the Coroner
upon a sheet of the hotel paper, and after
drinking a portion of the contents of a
flask of whisky made his preparations for
death.
Taylor was 32 .years old— the oldest. of
six sons. His family is one of the most
prominent In Tennessee, and the young
man was idolized by his parents. He was
a graduate of Vanderbilt University of
Tennessee.
So far as his difficulties with his former
employers are concerned, Fontaine- said
to-night that there was no fear that Tay
lor would be arrested, for nothing of that
sort had been contemplated.
The Coroner has taken charge of the
body. Taylor's parents have been notified
in accordance with the request found In
his room.
grace because of exposure of his short
ages, W. F. Taylor Jr., a former book
keeper for Thomason & Fontaine, street
contractors of this city and Sanfran
cisco, and a son of a wealthy merchant
of Memphis, Tenn., committed suicide at
the Crellin Hotel last night by gas as
phyxiation. His body was found when
the hotel employes broke into his room
this afternoon in their effort to locate the
source of escaping gas which had attract
ed their attention. -^ : ¦ • .
W. P. Taylor Jr. Deliberately
Plans His Death by
Use of Gas.
— ; • r— "¦•-'"•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 24..
Distressed with fear of impending dis-
Suicide Reveals Troubles
of a Discharged
Bookkeeper!
FEARS DISGRACE
AND ENDS LIFE
The Courrier du Soir. in its issue of this
«-vening. predicts the acquittal of the
Marquis, and says the high court per
sists in its determination to punish only
the leading actors in the treasonable ac
tion against the state and to extend- its
disdainful indulgence to the supernum
eraries.
"I Fee in this high court of justice not
judges but political adversaries. You
can punish me by force, but not by
right."
M. Fallieres then begran his monologue,
in which he reviewed the charges against
the Marquis of L,ur-Sa luces in a series of
questions, to which the Marquis vouch
safed no word in reply. Finally M. Fal
iieres asked the Marquis when he fled
across the frontier. The Marquis re
mained silent at this question. The trial
was then adjourned until to-morrow, and
it is said the proceedings will be con
cluded Wednesday.
Ihe Marquis began by reading a long
statoment in the nature of a political in
dictment of the Government, in which he
spoke of the Fashoda incident; the nnan
cia! bankruptcy of France; the Dreyfus
trial, 3nd the campaign against the army.
M. Fallieres requested the speaker to
keep within the limits of the present trial.
The Marquis concluded his address in
these words:
The remainder of the session was occu
pied by two monologues, one by the Mar
quis of Lur-Saiuecs and the other by M
Fallieres.
After reading the plea made by the
counsel of the Marquis, to the effect that
the Senate was null because it was not
composed of all the members of the Sen
ate, rhe names of witnesses were cajied.
Among those who answered were M. Le
l>lne. Prefect of the Paris Police; General
Zurlinden; M. Trarieux, Senator from
G:ron<je: General Chamon and Major
culgnet. while M. de Freycinet, ex-T»lm
iPter of Foreigrn Affairs, and others who
were summoned by the defense, sent
their excuses.
There wore a number of smartly dressed
women in the audience, including the
"White Lady" who followed the Dreyfus
tria!.
Although there was no crowd around
the Pala«e of the Senate and it was evi
dent that the trial was not arousing the
excitement the Marquis anticipated when
he returned to Paris, great precautions
•were taken. Two companies of Republi
can Guards and large detachments of
police were stationed in the precincts of
the Palace.
PARIS, June 24.— The Senate assembled
this afternoon in its capacity of a high
court of justice to try the Marquis de
Lur-Saluces, the well-known Royalisf and
former member of the Chamber of Depu
ties, who returned unexpectedly to Paris
about the middle of May, after having
been condemned In January, 1900, in de
fault of appearance, to ten years' banish
ment from France for treason. The Pres
ident of the Senate, M. Fallieree, pre
sided. The Marquis, escorted by two
guards, appeared at the bar of the House
to answer the charge of complicity In the
crimes of high treason and attempts
against the safety of the state, for which
MM. L'eroulede, Buffet. Marcel-Habert and
Ouerin were condemned. There was no
excitement in the vicinity of the Palace,
where the Senate hoids its sittings, as
was the case in the earlier trial of the
Marquis and the others mentioned.
He Returns to Paris After
Having Been Sent Into
Exile.
Marquis de Lur-Saluces
Being Tried for
Treason.
FREEH SENATE
SITS AS COURT
and northern divisions of tha» de
partment cavorted on the diamond at
Recreation Park in the presence of a
small but critical audience of small boys.
These youths have studied the fine points
of the national game* through cracks or
peep holes in the fence and they are con
noisseurs. No ticket taker barred their ad
mittance to the grounds yesterday and
CHIEF' SULLIVAN'S select body
1 of bluecoats have the baseball
fever. Yesterday afternoon '.two
teams representing the southern
y ¦ < - . ¦ . .
pride of the south side, wore a becoming
white sweater with a doughnut for an
emblem. The rest of the bunch wore an I
assortment of old clothes. ;, ' : ... /.
If the scorer had' noted the errors made
during the five innings of alleged ball he ,
would rot be able to sleep for a week.
The game was frequently stopped to find ,
the ball. The Northsides had a "ringer"
In the game, despite the kicks of their
opDonents. The outsider said his name
was Byrne, and he guarded the third sack.
The umpire gave entire satisfaction. He '
feared to make a mistake, as he was in
danger of arrest.
Captain Spillane's "Rough Riders" Win a^ Great Victory at Recrea
tion Park— -Small Boys Are in Their Element.
POLICE DEPARTMENT NINES PLAY
BASEBALL FOR A PRIZE DINNER
Philadelphia Wins Two \ Straight
Games From Cincinnati.
. NATIONAL LEAGUE. -"
NEW YORK, . June 24^-Tlie scoreV. . .
Clubs— : R. " H. E.
St. Louis .2 5 c 1
New York 3 :'¦ 7 .5
Batteries — Sudhoft and Ryan: Matthewson,
Warner and Bowerman. Umpire— ETnslle.
PHILADELPHIA, June 24.— Two games were
played here to-day. The score: :
First game — . ' -.-.' .- ¦ ;
Clubs— - R. H. E.
Cincinnati .........; 0 1 l
Philadelphia 8 11 1
Batteries — Hahn and Peltz; Duggleby and
Farland. Umpire — Cunningham.
Second game — • - :.•
Clubs— ¦¦¦¦"! R- H. E.
Cincinnati 15 7
Philadelphia : 19 22. ... 0
Batteries— Phillips and Bergren; White and
Douglass. Umpire— Cunningham... ;.,
BOSTON, June. 24.— The score:
Clubs— ' . . • ¦ R. . H. E.
Plttsburg 8 13 0
Boston 2 8 3
BROOKLYN, June 24.— The score:
Clubs— "R. • H. E.
Chicago 1' 9 1
Brooklyn : 2 8 1
. AMERICAN. LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— The score:
Clubs— " ~R. H. E.
Washington .'.... g 8 g
Milwaukee ' 9 13 2
Batteries— Lee and Clark; Husting, Hawley,
Garvin and Maloney. ,
BALTIMORE, June 24.— The score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Baltimore 17- 22 ,4
Detroit : 8 12 4
Batteries— McGlnnlty and Robinson; Miller
and Buelow. . - . . . .. ,
PHILADELPHIA, June 24.— The score:
Clubs— TL. H. E.
Philadelphia 5 19 4
Chicago . ....7 -10 2
(Fourteen innings!)
Batteries— Frazer and Powers: Callahan and
Sugden. . . • ¦ ¦ •. ¦
.BOSTON, June 24.— The score:
Clubs— " ' R. H. , E.
Cleveland 7 ¦ 12 1
Boston- 1- '- 5 . *4
BAIX** ON EASTERN FIELDS.
Lives Are Lost.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 24.— Northbound
-passenger No. 23 on the Plttsburg and
Lake Erie Railroad was wrecked at Mo
noca, • twenty-six miles from .Plttsburg,
this evening. Two persons were killed,
three fatally injured and forty others
more or less hurt. The dead:
¦WILLIAM J. CUNNINGHAM, fire
man, McKees Rocks, Pa.
LOWRY BLACK, baggagemaster, Pitts
burg. : .
Fatally injured: Mrs. Lola B. Perkins,
Euclid avenue, Cleveland, abdomen punc
tured by splinter; Mrs. James Lee,
Washington, Pa., arm broken and hurt
internally; Mrs. Jefferson Cares, Beaver,
Pa., badly cut and bruised. ..'
Among the others injured were: H.'H.
Simmons, Klttining, Pa., seriously; Miss
Lucy Rose, Cortland; Ohio, arm broken;
Rev. A. D. Given, Holy Ghost College,
PJttsburg. . . ".;
The train, while going at a very fast
speed, ran into an open switch at Monoca
and the entire train went over ! an em
bankment some twenty feet high. Every
car was turned over,, two of them, going
over twice.
Entire T*ain Goes Over a Twenty-
Foot Embankment and Several
RAILROAD 1 WRECK CAUSED
BY AN OPEN SWITCH
Owing to Mrs. Hopper's condition the
funeral arrangements will be delayed
somewhat. James Dunsmulr, the deceased
lady's- brother-in-law, Is en route from
British Columbia, having been advised of
the death qx his deceased brother's wid
ow.. He is expected to arrive to-morrow. .
"As must have been expected,' Mrs.
Hopper is in a condition of nervous col
lapse. . She wag prostrated by the news of
her mother's death. Although she knew
that Mrs. Dunsmulr was seriously ill,
there was no anticipation on' the daugh
ter's-part that she would not arrive here
In time to be with her mother in the cri
sis." • ¦
Inquiry at the residence this evening
brought the following response from Dr.
Thorne: , :
Mrs. Hopper was driven directly to the
Souther farm, the country residence,
where Mrs. Dunsmulr passed away, and
the young actress is there under the close
attention of th«i physician and the attend
ing nurses.
Upon her arrival she was met at the
Sixteenth-street station by Dr. W. S.
Thome of San Francisco, who was ac
companied by trained nurses.
¦ Mrs. Edna Wallace Hopper, daughter of
the late Mrs. Josephine Dunsmulr, arrived
to-night from New York in a prostrated
condition. She had received en route the
unexpected news of her mother's demise,
and the shock was so severe that Mrs.
Hopper suffered greatly.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 24.
Announcement of Mother's
Death Prostrates the
Actress.
EDNA HOPPER
SERIOUSLY ILL
Arrives From New York
City in a State of
Collapse.
VETERANS OPEN
CAMP REYNOLDS
Soldiers of Three 'Wars
Crowd Tents at
Santa Cruz. ;
Begin Two Weeks' Outing on
the Shore of Placid
Monterey Bay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, June 24.-As the historic
flag; that floated from the cruiser Boston
during the battle of Manila Bay was
hoisted at 5 o'clock this afternoon Camp
Wallace Reynolds was formally opened.
For ten days the State militia has been
In camp, and now the veterans of the
Civil, Mexican and Spanish wars, to the
number of about 500, are to spend two
weeks in tents near the seashore. The
camp is prettily situated on the flat back
of the bathhouses and about 100 yards
from Monterey Bay. There are about J50
tents, 125 of which were loaned by the
State after having be<?n used at Camp
Gage. There are ten streets, each appro
priately namecS. Between the rows of
tents have been built eight brick and Iron
ovens.
The assembly tent has eight-foot walls
and has a seating capacity of 800. In. this
tent the night programmes and re
unions of the California Veterans' Re
union Association are to be held.
Fronting the entrance at the east end
of the camp are the headquarters tents.
The .first Is that of the Ella Carroll Circle.
Grand Army of the Republic, and the.la
dles of the Women's Relief Corps have
their headquarters adjoining.
Quartermaster J. J. Nichols and Adju
tant Moore Briggs of San Jose h«,ve tents
to the left of the headquarters row. Then
come the tents occupied as headquarters
by the Sons of y Veterans, Daughters > of
Veterans and Spanish War Veterans. A
comfortable tent with tables and benches
has been provided for the press. - ':¦:.'¦-¦
The streets are decorated with flags,
Chinese lanterns and bunting.
Every train is bringing large delega
tions. Colonel Bryant, in command of: the
camp, is kept busy Issuing orders for their
accommodation.
Stationed In front of the headquarters >a
the gun which is to fire the morning and
evening salutes. It was loaned by the
naval militia t>nd Harry Green is in
charge. ¦'.'< '
. At 5 o'clock this afternoon the Boston's
flag was raised and a salute was fired.
Captain Philip Hynes of Wallace Reynolds
Post delivered an address, and on behalf
of the committee of arrangements turned
over the camp to Colonel Bryant. In a few
words Colonel Bryant accepted the honor.
Prayer was offered by the Rev. E. X>. Mc-
Creary, pastor of the Methodist church,
an old soldier and chaplain of Wallace
Reynolds Post. At 6:30 the call for mess
went forth, and at 7:30 o'clock retreat was
sounded, the colors were hauled down and
the sunset gun was fired.
Shortly after the sunset gun Colonel
Bryant and a committee went to the Sea,
Beach Hotel to escort General Seamans
to the camp. A monster campflre had been
built and was blazing in front of the as
sembly tent, and as General Seamans, as
a representative of the National Guard of
California, entered the grounds a salute
was fired. During the evening an address,
was delivered by Judge L«. F. Smith, who
was followed by General Seamans. Hast
ings' band wa3 present and an excellent
programme of concert music was pro
vided. There was a vocal solo by Miss
Lena Gankroeger and a recitation by Miss
Bessie Patton.
After the regular programme had been
disposed of there was a reunion around
the campflre, and the old soldiers swapped
yarns and rehearsed war stories. ' -
Yorke Council Election.
Yorke Council No. 508Vof the Toung
Men's Institute has elected the following
named officers to serve during the ensu
ing term:
Chaplain, the Rev. P. C. Torke; past presi
dent, J. J. Barry; president. T. J. Horan; first
vice president, T. J. Kenny; second vice presi
dent. J. A.- Butler; recording secretary, W. A.
Dlneen: financial secretary. J. J. Rellly: treas
urer, T. E. Kenny: marshal. Daniel Hunton;
inside sentinel. "W. Gaffeny; outside sentinel, J.
Flanagan; executive committee— J. J. Barry.
T. J. Doherty and R. M. Duftey: delegates to
Grand Council— W. M. Gill and Dr. A. S.
Keenan; alternates— C. F. McGlnley and W. J.
Walsh; delegate to board of management, T. J.
Kenny. • ¦ .- - '¦¦
Peter IX Martin Feted.
The friends of Peter Martin, in honor
of his approaching marriage, tendered
him a delightful banquet last night at
¦the Palace Hotel. Although the affair
was informal, a most enjoyable evening
was spent. Those present were Walter
S. Martin. James D. Phelan. Joseph S.
Tobin. J. Downey ¦ Harvey. Thomas Dris
coll. George A. Loughborough, Clement
P. Tobin, Fred "W. McNear, Lawrence W.
Scott, Richard M. Tobin. Dr. George
Shiels. Walter S. Hobart. Gerald S. Rath
bone. H. H. Scott, Joseph Tobin Jr.. Rob
ert M. Eyres. Edward M. Greenway and
Prescott Scott.
Alabama Editorial Party.
The Alabama Editorial excursion party,
consisting of 120 writers and publishers of
that State, will arrive, in San Francisco
to-night. , Under the auspices of the Press
Club of this city, courtesies due the visit
ors from the South will be accorded.
Drives to the Presidio, Golden Gate Park
and the Cliff House, a trip around the
bay, reception at the Press Club and a
visit to Chinatown are scheduled. •
Commissioned Brigadier Generals.
"WASHINGTON, June 24.— Commissions
as brigadier generals have been Issued to
Enoch H.^Crowder. judge advocate's de
partment; James Allen, signal corps, and
Robert UHowse, cavalry- They will hold
these places until June 30. The appoint
ments are In recognition of the services
of these men in the Spanish war and the
Philippine campaign. . ..'¦*
¦TJdJS SA-N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAJEy JTOE 1901.
" l C '
9
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough. Unely
equipped departments; positions tor graduates.
805 Larkin et. Illustrated catalogue.
R. L. DURHAM. President.
THF. HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
Military DrilL Christmas Term Begins
AucuEt Kth.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK Principal.-
Boarding and day school for Klrls. 2126 Cali-
fornia et. Accredited to the universities. The
next eecsion will begin Aug. 5. For Illustrated
catalogue address the principal.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
IRVINC INSTITUTE.
ST. MATTHEWS MILITARY SCHOOL,
EAIC MATEO. CAL. The next term will betfn
Aupust 15. 1901. For catalogue and Illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER,
A. B.. Rector and Head Master.
202 Morrtiromery st., San Francisco, Cal.
lessons personally or by mall. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, beet system."
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
j~» ONTXRS DEGREES AND GRANTS DI-
W plomas; seminary course accredited to the
rniversitle*: rare opportunities offered in mu-
»ic* art and elocution: thirty-elrth year; fall
t-rm opens Aug. 7. 1901. Write for cat&lorua
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College
p. o.. Cal.
Leadi-g Pusines* '"ollege of the West,
24 Post et.. San Francisco. Cal.
Eftabllshed Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for 80-pajre catalogue Uree).
jgj£j|i:iE 6 E&-
Our Medical Consultation Department.— If you desire any special information
or advice about your case, write our physicians, explaining your condition, and
they will carefully consider what you have to say >**£&*>. .^HtSSSRlh J£3k31*
and you will receive a prompt reply. Our physir-ZrajpS^S rapGra /SyiMSfl
cians have made a study of blood and skin diseases, IrailfcT^ JgagL^l wmfcj'
and you can have the benefit of their experience
and 6kill without any cost to you whatever. Don't fcj^/jaffi E>^_^M Bh/* 4 mB
hesitate to write fully about yourself, as nothing IgtejSi/ fra&arar *lmffiSr
you say goes beyond our office. We have a very '
interesting book on Blood and Skin Diseases, which we will be glad to mail free.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, QA.
¦9#t#O#!tflf #1 f£ if Through the pores of the skin many poisons are
rUB&Wn ISJflfl* 5 absorbed into the blood, deranging the circulation
ant^fiM # W anc * a ft ec ti Q g the constitution as quick ly and
£T«##O*#fw mw-mf_ seriously as those generated within the system. Just
/n»jaga[S»xrE9WG* ffTHT* M.E under the skin are innumerable hair-like blood
BSfaKOELn O MBl0FB 9 vessels, and connecting, these with the skin
B C An m un E9OM CO an: millions of small tubes or glands, through
SLSLM&ff ANO .£9fI#adO which the poison is conveyed to the blood sys-
n||f O/1A1 iRtf- sFJ/* tem « Dtmng the spring and summer, while
< ryMWnMiWWi "v* the skin is most active and the pores well'
open, we are much more liable to be affected by Poison Oak and Ivy and other
dangerous plants. ¦Workers in brass, copper, lead and zinc have their health im-
paired and the blood supply poisoned through the absorption of fine particles of
these metals arid the acids used in polishing and cleaning them. Inhaling the
fumes of lead give painters that pallid, waxy appearance of the skin. . Barber^ Itch
is another disease that reaches the blood through the skin, and is a most obstinate
one when it becomes firmly fixed in the system. After the poison has reached the
blood and Ijeen disseminated throughout the system it is too late to resort to local
applications. In many cases the blood is affected simultaneously with the appear
, ance of the rash or eruption on the skin, and all efforts should be directed to the
purification and building up of the blood. Ugly eruptions and sores will continue
' to break out in spite of salves, washes, soaps or other external treatment.
S. S. S. is especially recommended for poisons of this character. So com-
pletely does it destroy the effects of the Oak and Ivy that there is no possibility of
its reappearance, and it is equally as efficacious in brass or lead poisoning or Bar-
ber's Itch ; building up and purifying the blood and driving out of the circulation
impurities of every kind, and removing every blemish, sore or eruption from the
skin. There is no substitute for S.S. S. ; it is the only purely vegetable blood
purifier known, and the, safest and best in all constitutional or blood diseases.THE SAN FKANGISCQ CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 25, 1901.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL- j
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
•until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street, open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€i; Larkln street: open until »:33 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
J056 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flilmore ftreet; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. m
M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY) fk
EVENING, June 25, at 7:00 o'clock. JLlX
M. M. decree. By order of the H. P. ' ~^ '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and »
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- -^
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D. "Jr 2?
8. By order of the W. M. r^*n
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., j»
will meet THIS EVENING, 8 o'clock, Jf\-
fcr social meetinp. /<L#\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secy. 'V>
ORIENTAL Lodce No. 144, F. and A. m
M.— Third decree THIS (TUESDAY) _A_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. S>v
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. 7*^
UNITED Garment Workers of America, L. U.
ISl. meets NEXT THURSDAY. June 27. at
the El Dorado Hall. Alcazar building. O'Far-
rell St.; election of officers.
CHAS. A. CALHOUN. Pres.
E. CORPE. Sec.
ADOPTION.
A~ HEALTH Y~\nfant~for adoption. MRS. DR~
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alamedi.
ASI'IIALTt'M KOOKIXU. J
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooflnc. sidewalks re- |
paired; postal. USS Mission; tel. Folsom 1CU7. I
ATTOKMSYS AT LAW. , ;
ADVICE fiee; divorce law a specialty; private; i
no feo without success; collections. G. \V.
HOWE, atty at law. S&0 Market.cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charg** unles* successful. W.
W. DAVIDPON. «7 Market ft. opp. Mason. 1
L. S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bld£.. 9S7 Mar-
kft st.:;»on;»uUimon free: no fees In advance. I
UOARDIXU KOIt CIIILDR — X.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month: bm
c«r«>:sunn>' y«rcl:nr,t>< v hool;re««>oni»ble.l«»7 Cal,
BOOKS SEW AXD OLD.
I5OOKS of every kind boupht. Tel. Red 2)5«.
HOLMES nCOK CO.. 704-706-70$ MlMlon M. j
1H5I.M>S CMAXCES. . j
A COFFEE ealoon and chop-house, close to I
Chronicle bulldliur: half interest or 'Whole:
owner otherwise enpkffcd: a bargain. Call
It. G. WILKE. 26i* Ktarny.
A RARE chance— $430: restaurant about two
Mocks south of Phelan bulldlnz; rent %X',
dally receipt* averagre $S0; meals from ISc up;
living room: clearing $100 per month. Call 11.
G. WILKE. 264 Kearny ct.
$!300— CANDY store and factory in Oakland;
rent $30; the place clears above 1200 per
month: owner has other business and must .
tell. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26S Kearny St. J
A— $350; DELICACY store and branch bakery, j
with 3 living rooms; rent $18; kept by owner j
11 years: choice business location. Particulars ;
R. G. WiLKE. r6'» Kearny et. I
A— $700; CORNER grocery and bar with 3 liv- j
Ing rooms; rent $16: choice location In th<%
Mission; a steady and good-paying business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. _ :
A — t!l>9; SALOON; no better located place in ¦
this city; rtnt $50: place clears easily $KiCl I
per month: no night work. Set K. G. J
AVILKE. y.Mi Kt-arny st. j
|7' > C'— Grocery & fruit; no rent; good clean etock.
$3M*>— Wine & liquor store; bar & bottle trade.
*4MW— Shoe store; all new stock.
tJftoO — l«alf«i>ri and furnished rorm s -
Vine fctiloon taking $i<XW mo.; call for price,
IliCiwHanch fcO ai-res; small house,
ftfewcatidy «or«, i<*e crfa»n psrlar.
We have wnie very genuine bueineta oppor»
t\ i.iiir. well worth inveeUeaUon,
WAIT!* H_ 1 1 A YKi< & tV>,, sM Market^tt^
i:Jft=PAnTNEU wanted in ald-pmabUshed com-
mitri.-n |,u = U>r^, will »'lrdr »;;. «» »lmi ptr
i.i. i. ih t» t-afh; na e*p«rieiHH» r«>quire>1i ppo
A_ tiTS; Branch b»W*ry * variety store: S fum.
r« » ; f«*nt t», fTKANr^Ort., W Kfarwy.
AI.I. klndi tif prnhPrty twUBht, »fl'1 ft PXth, {
IspWIftlty TBB«1» «f tttlylrilf Pnd flHnc lodeln*.
hf«n>n: All kinds 6f h?lp furnished. I
• OnLDEN ttULU R«rtK1?nAOE OPFtCK,
IOCS it Market ft,, room 4.
VOCtiB be suited in «hy kind of buelneBs by
rallfnp nt office.
O. W. PCHWEINHAtlD. 81* Market et., near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911. _^
A SNAP — Grocer}': fine stock: elegantly located j
nn corner: only ISon; 3 living rooms: rent $if0;
worth $50". KISHER _ CO., 935 Market Bt.
OFFICE— Real cs=tate offlce for eale. JOSEPH t
BAILIE. 759 Market Et. !
KEWSPAPER for sale — San Francisco- Sun; [
large sheet; 5"0 circulation; only Eve months j
old; gaining fast: cost of weekly Issue only ,
$10: GREAT BARGAIN; or will sell half.
lCGT 1 * Folsom st.
A TvEW quick-selling invention; secure a ]
county right and make money: patents I
bought and sold. WARD & MOSELEY. 20 ;
O'Farrell St., room 1.
FOR $1300: bargain; fine hotel or transient: :
choice location on Pacific st.. including sa-
loon and dancing hall. 24 Montgomery ave.
BARBER shop for sale: 2 chairs; complete;
lev- rent. Box 22S2, Call office, Oakland.
MUST sell— Store with 3 furnished rooms;
cheap rent; pood location. ]933 Mission st.
FOR sale— In Vallejo. one of the best corner
sa!oo::s and rooming house of 20 rooms, new-
ly furnished: best rooms in town; if you are
looking for a safe investment you will find it
here; will bear inspection; cause of selling, re-
tiring from buFiness, For particulars call on
ADAM MILLER, cor. Virginia and Santa
_Clara sts.. Vallejo.
GROCERY and bar; no better money makinsr
place In city; fine cash trade: trial given be-
fore buying; owner wants to retire after sev-
eral years in business: gilt-edge chance; safe-
Invefstment. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine.
FOR sale— Whole or half interest in bakery,
interior city, first-class location: good bu*i-
r.ers. clearing $S00 to $400 per month; can
be fully Investigated. Address "Anna Ea-
kery." box 3401. Call offlce. San Francisco.
FOR sale at a bargain— First-class country
hotel.' on railroad and terminus of Etage
line: has all the stage patronage; owner re-
tlrlng. Address box 3411. Call offlce.
"WANTED— To purchase small paying business
rf some kind; state particulars. Box 3694
Call office.
SPLENDID store in right location for. any
business: low rent. LICHTENSTEIN, 15
Grant ave.
$S90— SNAP: good ealocn. near city; cheap rent.
412 Examiner building. •
REAL estate office, furniture, etc., for sale
at great sacrifice. 762 TJarket st. -
GOOD opening for barber shop end baths In
h-«oi-. also tailor. 71S Valencia st.
_ODGIXG-HOi;S_S FOR SALE.
A. C AM_ROn"&^O.? ~~~ ~" """*"""
850 Market st. and- 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all elzes and prices. See list of bargains.
17 rooms: rent $S0; 4-yr. lease; new fur.,
carpets; reduced to make quick sale $1600
46 rms. :rt. S175: fine cor.: gd. loc. ; cpts.-fur. S0O0
26 rms.: rent $00; cor.; fine loc: good fur.. 200O
2X rms.: rent $90; fine loc; full perman'ty. S300
18 rms.; rent $125; elpg'ly fur.: fst-cls hse. 200u
_ rms.; t. $J5;,wtr. fr.:elg.: full; fst-cls hs;
must sell at sacrl.; ac. deptre; reduced to 1050
16 rms.; fine transient house; new fur 1400
Vl rms.; Post; rent tS3; tine fur.; sunny.. 22C0
14 rmfi.; r. $70; gny. err.; gd. hs.; pt. hs-kp. 1000
1IARION GRIFFIN— Money to Loan.
119 Market st. : by Call Bldg. ; teL Blaclc 1S03.
No charge if you list your house with me.
These, are samples: call at office for list, i
?i rooms; rent $50: corner, S. of Market. .$ 430
£0 rooms; rent $100; clears $200 UM
15 rocms; all front rooms; rent 150 700
H rooms; rent J20; central: leaving city.. 500
24 rooms; a nice cor.; clears $75: rent fiS. 1300
88 rooms; cor.; elev.: clears $400 month.. 6500
ATTENTION, BUYERS! *
Ton may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay. for it
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850. Market.
flfflER & CO.. 235 Market «t.. opp. Mason.
17 r> ms. prJ.e $?nO; 25 rooms, price J1400
T4 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $530.
25 rooms, price $1400: 11 rooms, price »3*r..
$ rooms, finely furnished; rent $30; $500.
If a bargain, we have them at any price.
rOR HOTELS. BOARDING HOUSES AND
LODGING-HOUSES SEE WINSTON &
WOLF. 1C26 MARKET ST.. THE LEADING
AND RELIABLE BROKERS.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
20 rooms: elegant; new 2400
si -room boarding- house 7500
70 rooms; country hotel and bar 3200
S rooms on Mission st 250
JO-room corner flat 250
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATKS.
10 rooms cu Eddy.:. $ »30
32 rooms on Market *; 1700
21 rooms on Taylor 1150
33 rooms; corner .•. ISflrt
15 rooms in Oakland 450
18-room house; sure to clear $100 700
SS rooms; all rented; clears $175 2C00
10 rooms; elegant corner; clears $150 1900
29 rooms on Market: clears $200 1800
21 rooms; fine and sunny: clears $K0 1200
10 rooms; very central; on Taylcr 400
:6 rooms; near Eddy: new furniture..'' — 1S50
000 other houses, from J50 to $10,000.
Give me a call. I sell and exchange real
estate and business places. What do you v.'ant
or what have you to offer? Phone Mint 796.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp, 5th.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at cffice'of
G. W. KHWEINHARD.
' No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1911.
$375— LODGING-HOUSE; 10 rooms; furnished.
864U MlFPlon st. _- .
SPIRITUALISM.
amsTjTT'wHltTNEY^
i Trance, business medium: life reader: exam-
ines ore; oil locations: medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Goush: Ellls-
et. car; sit.. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 24fil.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. th»
world-ren.-.wned spiritual medium: advice In
all affairs in life:, lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the senarafd: mining a specialty: cir-
cles Sun. Wed.. Frl. eve.: letters answered.
Residence (no signs). 5$ McAllister ft.
JOHN SI«ATER-Circles 25c. Mon. & Frl. eves..
S:15: Wed. afternoon, 2:45: sittings dally. 10
to 4. except Sun. l?03 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MLLE. M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant,
medium, of Paris; speaks English, French,
German: sittings 9 to S; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. HUnnATtD. 109 Oak— Circles Tuesday
ar.d Friday, 8 p. m. : Wednesday. 2:C0 p. m..
10c; readings daily 50c\ ¦
EDWAR1* EARLE. J2S Ellis— RMfllnvs dallv;
seance Sun.. Tues. nnd Thurs. Tel. Pclk 1601.
MMK. YOI'NO'S demonstrat'on of spirit return
to-nicht, €05 McAllister *t: 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G~"kkKGAN holds spiritual meetln* every
night except Sat.: 10c. 14S Sixth st.. 2d floor.
MRS. 11ARLANIVS tt-st circle to-night, also
"WVd.. 10c. Business readings. Me. $1. US 6th.
C. V. MILLER'S rnaterialUlnic trumpet se-
ance. S p. m. : 50c. IPS* Bath. Tel. Larkin 2275.
ASTONISHING materialising oeance to-nlsM:
readtngu SOc. $1. Arnold IMckson. 14S Sixth.
KAT1F. HEUSJSMANN. 138 West Mission «..
nr. »th— Circle Frl. eve.. iSc; sittings dully.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. SS5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer: sittlnc* dally: test to till tr>-n1rht: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANT*.
A^LINCOLn" 1 c"l A I RVOY ANT, A ND
HIOII rSYCHlST
He tell* your name, condition. d»slre, hones,
etc.. without asking a single «ju€»tlon; cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck nnd how to make yourself
-lurky: reunites the separated: makes har-
mony in your home; gives accurate advice on
all business affairs; investments, mining, oil;
reading by mall: send stamps for terms.
125 Turk st.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS.
1000 Callers Since May 1st.
Nacman. Rursian seer, medium, palmist and
advisor, tells your name, what you called for,
cures your disease or anything you want to
know: no charges In advance; satisfaction guar-
anteed: develops mediums in 2 months; teaches
palmistry, clalrvoyancy; hours 9 a. m. to 9
p. m.: readings by mall. S26 O'Farrell st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
Mrs. Dr. Savior, queen of clairvoyants A palm-
ists; names and dates; L. !,V; G. &0c; mail $1,
1M1U Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint. Wa,
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fatls; S5p and RiV. IMS Mission st., cor, 8th,
ilR8, 13R. VALEEN, vlatr-, palmist; advice on
all affnir*; mpesaees f r nm, departed friends;
teacher of personal magnet l«=m, 1S2SH Market,
MMK. f»\NnrcnS», l?t Ma»nn st,, medium; p'aTnu
let ; teaeh.es mlpd telegraphy; advice on all
business; « fluegUnnn hy mall, tl; hr», 18 <« E.
ifMAN, the ISevHlan «f?*P"y. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently lm<at«<d m* Market, op,
<!ih; private f*«d(ng« dally, 1« a, ro, ta S \\ m,
MM I*. MONTaWk". 7la^v«yanr~a n i\ nalmuT
Rtve» nf»TO*f>. fa<M<», dnted;sati*ifaftlf<n M'W«tl!
tnelAfMi etamp. U3j Market, <m\ Odd Fell^we,
MRH.MlihVIJ.U well-known p|nlrwyant.wnt*r
rrad«>r. 11. ttth;t1«>rman «polt*n;»M. Howard 1*14,
I MTSBTTvALVtmt*. rr*at earflr^der: ledlee sITi
! gpntu &CC, 8M Mission, nf, 6th j Open guntlnyi*.
Mff. Mallnfy, Hnlrvoii-Bnt card r§«rti»ri when
mhernf&tl rnnnilt me; 1, Sfe, g*A BIT Howard.
MMK. W5nNAttt», 17 3d Bt.. gon# on vacation;
i wll*. return noon; watch paper for ad.
! MME FCHAFFKR, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44?VJ JeFsle nt.. bet. Bth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 25e. 1149 Mission.
MRS BROWN— Clairvoyant card reader; ladles
I 2.',c; gents 60c. 132 Flxth st.
i MMK. RAVENNA reads life fluentlv; business
i Adv're- fRine* p'ven* 2^e «r>. B Fourth «t.
I CAIIPET nEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
I WHEN you become dlseusted with poor work
i send to SPAL'LDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
1 Ing Works. CJ3-357 Tehama sL ; tel. South 40.
i BEATING. 3c;' laying. 3c* renovating. 5c up:
¦ work guaranteed. T. R. Co. ; phone Scott 1310.
j RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
i COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
I 3.V. Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 384. GEO. WA"LCOM. Proprietor.
i JONES A. CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
i ovators. 25-27 Eighth st. •_ tel. Jessie 1061.
I . +1
i 'SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
! 344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
: CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
' J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
i CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
| . TON. 3 Eighth St.: telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
! INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chll-
• blains: painless cure.-^JPr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
i COLLECTION OFFICES. /
i GEORGE W. KELLY'S Aeency — No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY furnished cottage. 5 rooms: large gar-
den; references. 4066 Twenty-third, nr. Castro.
$14 AND $15—2 modern sunny cottages. Do-
lores St.. bet. lflth and 20th: water free.
DEXTISTS.
AT~theELECTRb"-DENTAL CLfNTc,~8oTT5a£
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
•without plates our specialty; golJ crowns,
1" ."0 u;>; plates, extractions free, $4 GO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filllnes; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free;- prices
cheapest and cuaranteed; lady attendant*
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreskable slate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
r.0c; plates, $3: full set; all work painless and
wartjnted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sijth.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prafc-
•tice will fill teeth, make plates, sold crowns
and bridee work at bedrock prices. Office
1141 Polk st.. corner Sutter; open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. G Eddy Ft.— Work done
on weekly installments: lowest rates. -
PARIS Dental Parlors. 225 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4|_crowns, $3; fillings, 2ic.
DR. R. L."WALPH.S15=i~ ~G^ry7iTr7l^7kin^-"Paln"-
It-ss extraction 50c; plates $5 up:phonePolkllS3.
L)R. II. CJ. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg. E
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
rOc. N. Y. Dentists. 9C9 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenlnss and Sun-
days. 3001 Market Bt.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. ' -
DRBSSMAKERS AVP SEAMSTRESSES
McLOWELL Dressmaking"_ Millinery School—
Ciass rates; patterns cut. ¦ 1019 Market St.
ACCORDEONi pleating : country orders prompt
attention, in Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chemic medication cures fault jTnutrt-
tlon. nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. _ K.'» Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
EDUCATIONAL. ,» '
GALLAGHER^MARSH College. Parrott bid*.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prae-
I tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telesrap.hy, English branches/ civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new .80- page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market Bt.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $30; individual
instruction; positions secured: catalogue free.
A-TKE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School, j
associated with theatrical aarency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand^ typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve; est.lS64.- Van
der Kalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg- shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 12S6 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting bepinners; business
college graduates ; bookkeeping: figures: short
time. FARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
PROF. I-. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mardclln and guitar. 1C0S Mission st.. nr. 6th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. : $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
nHPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE^^anT^nTnese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 133.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chln^e employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51 88.
ORPHEUM Emrlovment Office— Japanese. Chi-
ne?» help. 4*» Powell nr. Sntt»r:tel. Black r.^72.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
RELIABLE girl wishes pcsltlon to do house-
work or work In a bakery. Please call at
1155 Folscm st.. rear^
COMPETENT woman wishes few more engage-
ments by the day: any kind of work; refer-
ences. Plcato call at 1155 Folsom st.. rear.
A GOOD cook wishes a situation: will assist
with washing and' ironing. Apply 408 Hyde.
DRESSMAKER and ladles' tnllor In families
by the day. Address MISS WARWICK. 1200
Larkin »t., coiner Bush^
STRONG, good, willing woman: great house-
clraner: can do most any kind of work; good
references; wnges $1 per dny and car fare.
SS Third st.. room 10, upstairs.
A GIRL wishes a place as cook In an Ameri-
can family: - good reference*; wages $23.
Pleaoo call at 211 Minna st. '
ALL-ROUND wok Rnd male help; can take
chefs place or full charge kitchen; English,
French or German cook; first-class pastry;
first-class hotel reference. 242 Natoma Bt.
STRONG American woman wishes to (to out
by th«» day; washing, Ironing nnd houseclean-.
Ing. Box 8519. Call offlco.
YOUNG lady who understands dressmaking
wishes position as companion to lady or
children In country. Box 3311, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as lunch waitress in a
restaurant. 811 Howard st.
HOUSEKEEPER— By neat American woman;
elderly; pood, economical cook; likes children;
washing and houseclennlng; .wages $12; city
referencee. Call 26S Stevenson st.
CAPABLE young woman wishes position as
working housekeeper: any position of trust.
Address box 3537, Call office.
A GIRL wishes a situation to do general house-
work; understands cooking. Call at 1100 Pow-
ell at. < ¦
A RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman
wishes position to do light housework In
small family; good plain cook. 712 Natoma
st.. upper flat; no postals,
COMPETENT cook, would do downstairs and
cooking or general housework; wages $25; no
poatala. Call at 123C Bush «t.
GOOD cook wants place on ranch In email
family In country, 74S Howard, st, ••
WINCH RflTKU House, «V Third *t,, near Mar-
kft— ioo rooms; Sao to $1 50 per night: $1 Mi to.
It; we-eHi convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and haegage to and, fram ferry.
CUA8RIFIKO aflverllpementa and. nuuserlptlon*
reeetyed. at Call branch office, S30Q FUlmore.
A imANaTl fTftipe~tor^aUiRilvertiseliien<p and
nutoertpUena lifts been entahUiheO. at 1091
AN •etlve. lober, elderly man will werif for
mmierateU' low wagee; is htui.lv nt most nny»
thing; umJeritandB poultry} poe<l earpentferi
elty er country. Address liox 35*i», Call offlee,
MlDDLE'AOUn^nmn, handy With horses and
tool*, wants light works no milking; small
wages if good place. WAtlUKX, ll^gdjit.
CAKB bnker, good all round man, married,
wishes permanent Bltuatlon'as second or third
hand. J. gtEDKR, 625 Pacific Bt.
BITUAT1ON wanted by young man !(! years of
age; stationary, portable or traction engines;
6 years' experience. Call or address at Win-
chester Hotel, Third Bt., room 324.
ELECTRICIAN— Thorough all round mechanic
on motors, dynamos and all kinds of Inside
wiring and fitting. Box 3544, Call office.
1 MAN and wife want situations on a small
fruit ranch; understand handling all kinds of
fruit. Address box 2261. Call offlce, Oakland.
ALL round handy man wants position as por-
ter In store or business house. B. 3542, Call.
CABINETMAKER wishes work In a non-union
¦ shop; city. Address Box 3540.' Call offlce.
COUPLE want situations; man good cook, wife
i assistant at any work; plain hotel or board-
Ing house, city or country. Address C. S.,
Box 35S9, Call offlce.
AN experienced salesman going to the Philip-
pine islands would like to represent a whole-
; sale house or manufacturing company to In-
troduce goods there; best of references given.
Please address A. GARBE.R. Golden West
Hotel. Ellis st.
WANTED— A position by a young man In a
butcher shop, where he can learn to cut meat;
has a good deal of experience in the business;
best of references; city or country. Box 3435,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man who can speak French. German>
Spanish, Dutch and English fluently wishes
a situation in a hotel: can furnish best of
reference. Box 3407, Call offlce.
i SITUATION wanted in grocery or meat mar-
ket or any clerical work by young man of
25. Box 3633, Call office.
. A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1035
Valencia st. - ;
FEATHERS RENOVATED. ¦¦
• FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. P'ROURKK. 1393 Valencia
! st.; phone Blue 1595. '
FLATS .TO LET.
A — FLATS, houses and cottages for rent.
: 271S Filbert,n.h.,7r.$30 2427 Sutter, C, 6 r...J22
1521 O'Farrell,8r.J37 50 418 Clayton, f., 5 r..$21
1184 Ellts,n.f.,8 r....$40 1247 Pacific, f., 4 ft. $12
! 997 M'Allister,cf.8r.$40 3672A 16th, f., 3 r J7
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
TWO new modern corner flats of 6 and 6 rooms,
porcelain tubs, Ingrain paper; up-to-date in
all respects; rents 122 50 and $25 per month
1 each; see them to-day; southwest corner San-
chez and Clipper sts. EASTON, ELDRIDGE
; & CO.i 638 Market at.
$25— NEW sunny flat, 6 large rooms; all mod-
' em Improvements; finest view In the/ city.
¦ Corner Liberty and Dolores sts. ' ,
$25— MODERN sunny flat, 6 rooms and .bath;
1 all carpeted and partly furnished; adults only.
1 335 Fair Oaks st., between 24th and 25th,
• $6— FLAT, 4 rooms; range: carpet; yard; water
free; fine view; no children. 21 Holly st., 50
feet from Mission, opposite 33d and Mission.
$25— GRAND flat, 6 large sunny rooms; modern
in every respect. 1127 Guerrero st., between
; 23d and 24th. , . .
1 A — MARINE view; new; 8 rooms,- bath; very
sunny. 2414 Van Ness ave.,. near Union N st.
1 AN upper flat of 6 rooms. 49 Zoe St., bet. Bry-
ant and Brannan. , %, . ¦ . .
" LARGE four-room /flat and bath, $12. 819 Jes-
. 6le St., off Ninth. '
NEW flat 4 rooms and bath. 837 Bush St.,
. . near Mason. . - . ¦ •
, FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. 433 Tenth st.
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms, bath; rent rea-
. sonable. Apply 50 Clara Bt. - ..*•
• POST. 525A— Cozy flat of 4 rooms and bath.
418 HYDE st.— Lower part house; sunny; 4
. rooms, bath; key on premises. • . _ ¦ •
i APPLY Sutter. 2300 — 6 sunny rooms; appreciated
; if aeen; $22 50; water free; please investigate.
$14— FINH sunny flat of 5 large rooms; bath
and gas. 3928 19th, bet. Noe and Sanchez.
. FLATS TO LET FUKNISHBD.
LOWER part of pleasant house, furnished, for
housekeeping;' 5 rooms. 614 Capp r st. •„ .'
$350 BUYS elegant furniture of 4-room flat: gas;
bath; near the Pleasanton; rent $22. 710 Jones.
FUItJVITURE FOR SALE. .•.'.
WE. will furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co.; 123
.and 132 Kills st. '
BEAUTIFUL, birdseye maple set of 3 pieces and
a rocker tor $00; also 2 new 'carpets cheap.
1124 Sixty-third st.. Golden Gate., Oakland-.
4 ROOMrf furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market..
FOR sale— Newly furnished flat, four rooms
and bath, m Ellis st.
' FUPuMTURB WANTED. ¦
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.: phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. fl"2S Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
. price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354. ~
Auctioneer— L.Vincent,1303. Larkin: tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. H35 Market St.: tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN &-. CO.'S......104 Geary st.
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT. . ' "
"Waitress, Lake Tahoe, fare paid $20
10 waitresses, dlfterent springs, fare paid.. $20
20 waitresses, city and commercial hotels....
20 waitresses, city & commercial hotels. $20-$23
Chambermaid, city 520
Laundress, summer resort v ....$25
Cooks, hotels, fare paid $25-$40
Housegirl, Protestant institution, country.. $20
Pastry cook, watering resort $40-$5O
Fancy ironer, summer resort $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
5 cooks. ' choice places, city. $25; 50 house-
girls, city and country. $10-J25...."
C. R. HANSEN & CO..... 104 Geary st.
A MOTHER and daughter for light housework;
private family: $23; lady will pay fee7 Apply
at 104 Geary st.
MRS. M E. DAY Phone Main 1575
.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, first-class springs, fare paid.. $23
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz Mountains $20
5 waitresses, commercial hotel near city. ..$25
R waitresses, springs and resorts $10
8 waitresses, city and country $20
Woman to wash silver and glasses, sprlngs.SIO
2 chambermaids to wait, city $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Many first-class city and country places
' ....;.............. $15 to $33
MRS. M. E. DAY MS Geary st.
WANTED— Colored cook, $30. ! In family: cook,
boarding house. $30; German cook, family.
$33: 10 waitresses for springes, hotels and city,
family bearding houses, $20 and $25; 4 second
Klrls. $20 and $25; ironer, country laundry, $30;
6 cooks for city nnd country families. JSO;
nurse. 2 children. $20; girl for general house-
v work, city and country. Apply to J. F.
CROSKTT & CO.. 516 Sutter 8t. _
A— HOTK_ GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses, springs and city places. $20.
"WANTED in Mill Valloy— Girl . or woman for
general housowk * ctoklng *or mnn. wife and
baby; ?15. Call Tue?. btt. 2 and 4. 6 Eddy, r. 9.
WANTED— A girl for pood cooking and some
housework; good wanes: references required.
Call Wednesday morning at 2115 Vallejo »t.
ELDERLY Swedish woman can find a good
place; light housework nnd care of sick lady;
small wages; good home. Box SS54. Call.
NEAT girl for light housework and assist with
baby $12. $1S. 2520 Green et., between Scott
and Devlsadero.
GOOD girl, general housework. 2SU Buchanan
street.
GIRL wanted; general housework: no cooking,
no dishwashing; $15. 1562 Post st.
WANTED— 2 waitresses; wages $7 per week.
7 Taylor st. '
WANTED— Girl to do general housework and
plain cooking. 1143 Turk st. " .
SWEDISH or German second girl. Call after
1 o'clock at 191S Jackson st.
GIRL wanted to do housework and help with
children. Apply at 18 Chattanooga, near 21st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply at 1957 Pine st,
2 LADY solicitors; good address; salary patd,
ladles" Home Journal. 53 Columbian building.
HAIRDRESSER; halrworker; apprentice, 10S6
Market st,
MAN or woman to sweep halls and Ptalrs In
exchange for room. 4-U Oeary «t.
CU1U7 wanted who understands Oerman oook«
Ing and general housework. W0 CVFarreU.
MACH1NR operator wanted, 84 Q'Farrell St.,
room 9. > •
aiM7f«<r^nerel housework and cookings
wagea tSS. 718 Hayes St. .
WANTj;r>=Nles yimns girl to da housework
and Peking; wag"» 135. 619 Haye» »t. -
AIHM*_NTICR8 aiiiTitlrU want*! 10 learn tail-
orings wages to begin with. 830 MeAllt»i?r,
W^OTTn^\\ r <M«an for houiekeeiilngs goed
home, fta* Sfiss, Call otflee.
WOMAN to do plain eookln* and neiwn«tatrs
work. Apply bi?torj» U_Bt Jpltftrf lsor^ nt,
KXPEtUENCED ureggrnakei's wanted at BUS
_ Butter »!.. toomi, . _
F1R8T*CTjAR8 operator on vests; good wages!
steady work. Po8 Mission tt.
GIRL, for light housework In small family! $10
to $12 a month. 1045 Mission st. _
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for candy
Btoro; steady work. 1409 Polk st.
WANTED— Bright, capable lady.to travel and
appoint agents: must be in gqpd health, un-
lncumbered and furnish flrst'dfass references;
salary, $100 per month and all expenses; po-
sition permanent; no experience necessary.
Sales department. 900 Star bldg.. Chicago.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory. 23^4 Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. N
WANTED— Experienced waist trimmers at
f room 134, Spring Valley building, Geary and
• Stockton sts.
FINISHERS on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st.
APPRENTICES for ladles' tailoring; steady;
paid while learning. 819 Post 'St.
EXPERIENCED shirt and overall operators.
HEYNEMANN & CO., 410% Mission st.
EXPERIENCED operators ' on ge_ts' custom
shirts. 535 Valencia st.
BUTTONHOLE operators to operate on Singer
machine at Levl Strauss & Co.'s overall fac-
tory, 32>4 Fremont gt. Apply to/MB. DAVIS.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia st. • . •
HELP WAXTKD— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6813
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY.
$1 office fee and no other expenses; we ship-
you .free — morning, noon and night.
100 teamsters for Ukiah .•...'. free fare
100 laborers for Uklah ...'.wages $2 day
75 latcrers for L03 Angeles and Santa Bar-
bara Div.. free fare $175 to $2 day
MACHINE MINERS, LABORERS.
4 machine miners, gold mine ...$75
2 single-hand miners, new mine..- $75
6 machine miners, 150 laborers, no experience
required, dlfterent gold and silver mines, $60,
$40 and $35 and found; 7 drillers, 15 muck-
ers, $75; 6 laborers, factory work, $1 75 and $2
day; 10 laborers, quarry, $60; 10 laborers, 8
, hours' work, no experience required, near
city,*' $2 day; 1585 laborers, all classes labor-
Ing work, $1 75 to $2 50 day, $30 to $60 and fd.
TEAMSTERS— BOARD HOME.
5 teamsters, steady Job, $2 day, board home;
10 laborers, 25c fare, $2 day; 6 laborers, con-
crete work, *34 and fd.; teamster for a mine,
$40 and fd.: can washer, $45: linemen and
jackscrewers for the woods; 10 laborers for
sawmills, yards and woods, $28 to $40; 6
asphalt miners; 10. laborers to pile lumber
for a mine company, $60; 3 farmers, and
wives, $50. . • ¦•¦.'¦
AGRICULTURAL DEPT.
250 men. - work In harvest ; and hay fields, .
"' $1 25 to $2 50 day; 10 teamsters, haul hay
and grain, $40 and $52 and f d. ; 4 teamsters,
same orchard, steady Job,' $26 and fd.; 27
milkers, $30 and $35; choremen and boys. '
MECHANICAL HELP.
"Wheel wrisht, country shop; machinist, $3
day; harnessmaker, ranch, $52 and fd. ; wag-
onmaker 'and woodworker; .15 blacksmiths,
country shops, ranches, etc., $3 and ,$2 50
day, $40 and $50 and fd. ; 3 ranch carpenters;
4 rough carpenters. $2 day: carriage painter;
handy roan for boiler shop. ¦ .
BAKERS, HOTEL HELP, ETC."
Camp cook, $33;" baker, country shop, near
city, $C0; foreman baker; 7 cooks, country
hotels; 5 cooks; ranch and harvest crews,
$25 and $35; 13 waiters, city and country,
coatmaker, country shop, .$18 week. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. ' .'.. ¦
FARMER, and wife, $40; man and wife, Vprl-
vate fawily, -$35; 10 farmers for steady, work.
$30; butter maker, $40;. 5 milkers, $30 . and
$35; 2 choremen, $20 and $25; groom, $25;
sheep herder, $25; 2 stablemen, $30; miners,
$2 B0 r a day; laborers for mines, quarries,
railroads, etc., $1 73 to $2 50 a day, and
others. ¦ J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento' st. .
COOK for resort, ?40; restaurant cook for
. country* $10 week ; restaurant ' cook, city, $10
¦ week; 3 young colored men for steamer, $20 .
and found; hotel- second cook, $40 r hotel
porter for country. $25; waiters and others."
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 - Sacramento st.
SAN FRANCISCO EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.
"323 Kearny st., tel. John 3261, wants at once
B0 R. R. laborers, " Ukiah and Santa Barbara,
free fare: 25 laborers for sawmill; 10 tie-
makers and " wefodchoppers; 25 laborers for
quarry: near -city, $2. ' . ¦ ." . ¦
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery," rm. 12.
Pastry cook, $60; pantryman, resort, $30; sec-
ond cooks, country,; $50 and $55. •-;.."
HELP -WANTED — -MALE — -Con. _'"_.."
C. R. HANSEN & CO.....". .104 Geary st
Wanted. 1000 men for R. R. work."
j Free Fare..'. . . ... .Free Fare.'. . . .Free Fare
- .FOR TRUCKEE
50 laborers and 50 teamsters ....
FOP. UKIAH '..-
100 teamsters ..: ?2
•100 laborers : $2
50 axmen to clear right of way ' $2 25-
FOR BAKERSFIELD '
.20 four-hdrrse teamsters j...$2 25
20 two-horse teamsters $2
.FOR CHATSWORTH PARK (big tunnel)..
100 tunnelmen and drillers C2 50
. 100 muckers : $2
2C0 laborers $175
For surfacing and ballasting track, Santa
Barbara and L. A. Divisions
Free Fare Ship To-Day Free Fare
.....;.-... MISCELLANEOUS ;
¦73. laborers for bis ditch , $2 25
50 laborers for levee work.... ».". $2
,30 men to- handle cord' wood for" large com-
pany north $'
10 lumber pliers,- country sawmill $35
30 haymakers and farmers $30 and $35
Edgerman, ?50; screw turner. $43, for country
sawmill; choreman, springs. $20 \
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
. Second cook for report, $60; see boss here;
Man and wife, both shampooers, lor springs,
$75; shampooer for springs, $35; 6 second cooks
for springs and resorts, $50; 2 second cooks
and bakers, $50 and $40; fry cook for Lake
Tahoe, $45 and fare paid; dishwasher for
Lake Tahoe, $30 and fare paid; second cook,
$35, and dishwasher. $20, for summer resort:
20 dishwashers, vese tablemen and kitchen
hands, $30 and 523.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
AT THE CAL. EMLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third st. near Call bldg., phone Bush 405.
100 railroad laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work.
L. - A. and Santa Barbara dlv., $1 75. $2 50
100 men for'Ukiah. new road
50 R, R. teamsters. Ukiah $2 per day
• FREE FARE
Office fee for above $1
10 tunnel men $3 per day
- 50 rock drillers $2 50 per day
100 laborers $2 25 per day
Baker, country $40 per month and found
10 harvest hands $2 per day
S 5 teamsters, city $3 per day
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment.. 927 Market st., room £07.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED- A flrst-class general all around
candymaker for Honolulu; steady work and
good wages: good reference required.
ADOLPH HROMADA CO.. 224 Battery st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and Accountant,
young own. for wholesale and inport houae
in city; state age, experience, references and
salary expected. Box SMI, Call.
COLLECTOR— Experienced industrial insur-
. unco man for concentrated JSO debit. Call
3 and 4 p.\m.. T. SPENCER, 1424\4 Park St.,
Alameda.
WANTED— Steady younc man to nsslst gener-
ally in lljfht '.ndoor work; Jir. per week to
start; must have $75 cash. SS Geary, rm. 1.
TWO traveling men; salary $13 week; all «x-
•penses; references exchanged; $23 cash seeur-
lty; call to-dny. K.N'APP & CO., Royal Hotel.
WANTED— Steady tnin to take Interest in in-
door business; $100 required. McLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777H Market st.
BARBERS— Great snap; 2-chalr barber shop;
bargain; owner is going East. Apply 1034
Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — A young man to deliver groceries
and take care of two horses. Box 3S45. Call.
DRIVER for double team, accustomed to city
delivery: moderate wages. 2108 Hyde st.
WANTED — Strong young man as blacksmith
helper. 117-119 Beale st.
BOY to learn painting trade.. Inquire at 112
McAllister at.
AN intelligent young man. 6 Eddy St.,
room 3.
CARRIAGE painters and carriage blacksmith
finishers. O'BRIEN & SONS. 500 GoldenGate.
WANTKD— Young man for office work; must
be good at figures: Apply HALE BROS.
FOR sale— Barher shop, 5C3 Howard st. In-
* quire corner saloon.
HARDER shop. Western Addition: 2 chairs;
old stand; cheap. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at Grand Hotel barber
shop.
STABLEMAN- $20 and found, 547 ttevlsadera
»t,, rear, before 1Q a. m, • '_
HA1UU3HR— Master Rarhers" Association meeta
to^nleht at 103 G'Farvell st, at 8;ao o'clock;
nomination and eleotion of officer* to-night,
8, Heller, 8eo, Master Tlarbera' Association.
YOUNO man In itutcher shop: take pare of
noree and drive route, . Apyly S!W> flay,
\VA NT K \ »^ I toy" Thai enea fc « ~~ C»e?nm n7 3**M
Twenty«flf.tU it,, near Harrison,
piU8T»niiAH8 i»vo»nep on vest*; teed wai^T;
Heady wmvU. tjfig Mission at,
\V A NTKl>=Htw«lt* for the marina eeri»», U.
8. Navy? &l>l0>iftilteri, unmarried men ef send
eharaejpr, between the ase* «f 21 a.mt 33: net
lees tbhn S f#>et 4 Inches and net ever I feet 1
ineh.Table to rend and gptak English, Per
further Information apply to the ReerulUnf
_ Of nee, 40 KUIb ft., Hun Franelseo,
YOtlNrt man ln~Oakl«nd Rfouiiii Ktbfe and
make hhtiaelf gtpnerftlly UPefuli state Bgej %4
a week. Box 1074, Onkland offlee, __
A^STBADY mnn with $l5d cash can mak^ |To
n month. Apply nt 209 Kearny st,, room 1.
OET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 663 MlBston st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
KLDERLY man for general work about place;
must understand care of fine horses and small
¦ garden: references required; good home;
wages $20. Box 14, Call.
WANTED— A good rustler with some cash to
travel on half share with owner of good lines;
own manufacture: permanent and lucrative.
Box 3438. Call office. ,
1000 MEN wanted — Teamsters, rock dril!ors,
tunnel, brush and shovel men to wor»c nn
dltcluand pipe line being constructed for the
Sweepstake Mining Co. near Woaverville.
Trinity Co., Cal.; apply -on work: steady
work, good board and best wages in State.
San Francisco Construction Co., 26 Mont-
gomery st., room 25, San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; $60
monthly paid our graduates; two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply: tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season-now;
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— At Master Bakers" Protective As-
sociation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics I to | know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40, Phelan bldg.. SC6 Market.
McDONALD & PERRY hav* 50O pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c. 241 Third st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS." ordinary and green hands, for ships
at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard..
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st. *
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attys.,
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near M^r-
ket— 700 rooms, 23c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. "*
f— ' ¦
HORSES AND WAGONS.
WANTED— 300 saddle broke geldings, 5 to- 8
years old, 15 hands 1 Inch to 16 hands, solid
colors. Address A. F. ROOKER or JOHN J..
DOYLE. 327 Sixth st. .-- ' . ¦ "¦-
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR sale— 2 horses: weight 1000 to 1100; also 1
large Icebox. Inquire at 5935 Mission st., op-
posite Ocean "View.
$125— FOR' sale; bay horse, about 1100 lbs.,
broke single and double. Centennial Stables,
1523-25 California et. . i\
NEW $300 rubber-tire surrey, $140; handsome
double harness; sound, gentle young thorough-
' bred, broken to saddle and harness; good busi-
ness buggy; all $300; will sell part. 125 Geary.
FOR sale — Camping waefln, light" team and
. harness." 1202 Mission st., v room 2.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. . 721 Howard st.
RUBBER tire trap, phaeton and surrey at
- O'BRIEN & SONS, 500 Golden Gate ave.
GOOD camp team ¦ for sale cheap, at once.
TIERNEY. 450 Tenth st.
ALL. kinds of wagon, buggies, carts. .' harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2^17 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
ramping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
¦-^_ _ ; HORSES WAXTED.~r : ~
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or. five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
¦ ery st.. room 25. ' v ~ ' ' : ¦
HOUSES TO 1.12T.-
A^P^IN^E^TTsTTiOTis^rToneTr^e^d^ft^lr^
cular., G. H.'UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
$45—8 ROOMS; large finished basement; largs
yard. .1615 Bush «t., near . Franklin. \--_-
HOUSES TO LET FUBXISHfiD.
COMFORTABLY furnished house of 9 rooms
and bath; centrally located. Box 4261. Call.
SVBDKBAX RESIDENCES.
?35— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, furnished: Belve-
dere. Call at room 550. Parrott building, or
phone Pine 2056. »
INSTANTANEOUS AVATER HEATEll.
HOT bath in ten minutes aVcost~c71^c; saves
¦fire in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath 13 ready; no
danger from explosion: sold on installments;
call and see It in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST A\D FOU.\D.
LOST— From California and Larkin St.. -white
fox terrier dog; left side of face black. Re-
turn 1506 California st. and receive reward.
LOST— Lady's purse on Fourteenth and Mis-
sion sts. Return to P. J. MURRAY, corner
Eighteenth and Castro sts.; reward. ¦
LOST— June 23; liver and white pointer bitch.
Return to 1127^ Harrison st. and receive
reward.
LOST — Large Newfoundland dog. brown feet.
Reward at saloon, Howard and Spear sts.
LOST— Hand chased diamond set ting. J.
MJ2RO, IS Page St.; reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla, Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of GEORGE J. HAUBEIL. No. 250-
1421. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Scarf pin; pearls surrounded by dia-
monds. Reward by returnins to » Montgom-
cry st., S.in Francisco.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
. • MEDICAL..
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent specialist,
departs for Europe on the 8th prox. Shs will
Introduce the latest and most scientific meth-
ods on her return and open the finest sani-
tarium for diseases of woman in s-an Fran-
cisco. In connection therewith a training
school for nurses will be inaugurated. .Com-
petent physicians will be retained. Two years
ago on returning from Europe Dr. Goodwin
revolutionised existing methods. Her success
since has been phenomenal. During her 20
years* practice in California she has gained
the confidence and esteem of thousands of
patients. Address 1033 Market St.. bet Sixth
and. Seventh.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain rerulta promptly; I treat ladlra only;
my regulator has no equal; nil classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the moat obstln.it -<
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
rto other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cas"«>s treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. PH. O. W. ODONNKLL, ion Mai lot.
HINDOHERU horn* treatment; \n* moat won-
derful, simple, surtj lemedles ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leueorrhea.
gonorrhea, and all trouble* of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor: 4 months' suppository treatment. $4;
maternity home; bust developer; *«nd stamp
for circulars. 1120 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for nil female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cn*e* Immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
d»lay; consult free. MRS. DR/KOHU 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor; opp. Hale' 3.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1213 Market, ladien'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to anyother: positive cure
guaranteed at office: patients treated ran re-
turn same day; harmless: consultation free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned: my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate cases relieved
without palnibest cure; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETII. reliable specialist: 26 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any aliment: home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
akin disease*. N'ff cor. O. Q. nve. A- Fil'morft.
MATRIMONIAL*
GENTLEMEN wishing to roarrv wealth? ladles
aend lQo for latest list. MItS. HERTZ. 7C9 Ellla
MATTI1KSSKS AXD PILLOWS,
TO order, also cleaned and aterillaod, uph.-i-
stery: M carpet cleaning; honest work ffuar^
anteed, HOl»KTC imOS»,, 4U and 413 Powell
M,\ tal, Huah 431, Factory .118 & 3EQ 11th »i.
"MINIM i A\n ~mS 1NO.
cTvTnRNirw^lrtB mtntna stoeV* araeTso^nd
10e pep share; »*nd tor "ferespetHus, Paetrta
States Mining and Investment Ca, Ki TVwt «t,
iMlSClJLt.AMBOWS— FOH S,\l,H.
bOlliKKB, engine*, 8d--han«1 machinery. M«»
INfO!*H & WOliFMAN, 13.V-W Fremont it. _
UAUJ*, baefc bars, mirror*, restaurant and po-
ker tallies, barroom rimir*. linoleum, new and
8#ee«d«handi w§ always have a large «t«ckof
BaldOn outfits oh hands 13 complete outfit* en
our floor, ready mule; we ean ship everything
in S» hours. J. NooNAN, lot?, ji.ua. lost. 10:3
Mission st.. above Mxth; write for catalogue.
FOR nale^-Freak cow with 3 legs; 3 eagles,
large wildcat, 3 coons, 2 goats, guinea pigs,
fan tall Indian bird?, monkey*, bird? and
other show anlmalB at Constable sale, Tues-
day, June 25, 1901, at 2 o'clock p. in., at
Fruitvale station, Oakland.
A — NEW to h. p. Hercules gasoline mine hoist
with engine combined. California Hydraulic
Engineering and Supply Co.. 17-19 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear nt. -
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
$25 — New Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers;
oak; complete. 1915 Mission st.. near 15th.
FOR sale— Two-chair barber shop, 122}£ East
street.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
150 YARDS good carpet, lady's bicycle, nearly
new; blankets, pillows. 134 Hayes.
2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought, sold.
. rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
, chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery st.
ONE 4-horse- power Covey engine; one Vfr
horse-power Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery-
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
GASOLENE engines, 2d-hand, and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein, 53S Mission. "
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all' sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
. boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS. ~
A. KLEIN still pays the best price for clothing,
bric-a-brac, etc. 109 Sth; phone Folsom 1094.
WANTED— Bicycle for child of 10 or 12; sec-
ond hand; cheap. Address Box 3555, Call
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dresses. 154 9th; tel. Folsom 2522
MOSEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopIeTcaii
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business, with stranger3
and you will be better satisfied: no delay- no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~~~
• •• • IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money. • see H. MURPHY
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate!
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc. . •
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN!
ANT amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mortgages
undivided Interest, real estate In probate"
mortgages and legacies bought; no delay- gt»t
my terms before doing business elsewhere R
McCOLGAN. 2< Montgomery st.. room 3."
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth'-
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.*
DEAL direct; .furniture, pianos: no removal;
low rate;strlctly private. Licit. 115 McAllister.
°£!L per cent on furnltur e:$3amonthoneach
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st,. r! 1.
LOWEST rates on -furniture, etc.. by private
?i a ? y V, no ""wjalJ n » commission; confiden-
tlal.- Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
¦, a«e; reliable party. 1170 Market st7. room 68.
movev to .k.oA-^-ry,?. 1^**?. ?_£;*•
3% on furniture and pianos: 515 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 14t JPhelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no Indoraer: Eastera
plan. Western Lean' Co.. 209 Phelan bldir.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for buildins;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrot building.
CASH loaned to salaried peor>le on note without
"indorser. MOKRELL. »>C9 Examiner building.
" 3IUSICA- IXSTRUMEXTS.
WILEY B. ALLEN" CO High Grado Pianos
Steck Everett, Ludwig. Packard, Hardman.
Conover, Harrington, Straube, Kingsbury.
Jewett Smith & Barnes. We control the sale
of the above makes of pianos for the entire
Pacific Coast. We are a new concern her*
and will turn the country upside down if
necessary in order to get business, and lota of
See us or write to us. Prices low. Terms
"the" WILEY B. ALLEX CO.. 933 Market
St.. San Francisco.
Branch 951 Broadway. Oakland.
TO clc?e out a line of styles* we will sell you
a fine new uprlsht for 5250; reirular price
$CT3' you can pay by the month If desired:
we have tha mest complete facilities for re-
pairing your old plan«: can' make it as good
as new. If you are willing, and It won t cost
you more than It's worth: let us make you
pn estimate; we are agents for the Decker &
Sen which is the original old and only
D^k^p-no. The ZENO MAUVAIS JTUSJC
CO.. 769 Market at.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAT S
& CO may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any ttni» within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. W p«»
month: some good pianos sold for *3. U ancj
$3 per month. SHEHUAX. CLAT & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
' *ts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Th i i-teenth »t.. Oakland. _______
RKMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano »to*» from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
314 Post st., opposite Union square. Ar« now
prepared to offer several new makes «nd all
of our old stock at sreatly reduced prlce»,
JAS. KEKFFE. SH Post »t.. between Stock-
ton and Powell. ____________
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tltr i*
within S years and full purchase price »N
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only 2<v a day to buy a
piano from us. KOIILETI „ CHASU. »
O'FarreU »t.; established 1*SO.
A LIST of fine sfontl-hand bnrmtns— t En»er-
non. 1 Hallot & r>avls. 1 Conovtr. 1 Curta*. t
Sterling. *". $123, $V»5. etc.: easy payments.
I1KXJ. cniTAZ * SOX. 16 O'Farroll «t..
Chickerlnr. Vos*. Sterling A««ncy; alto
ApolK king of soir-playe".
ALL makes; g-reat bargain:* $.'0 up; rents $3
up allowed; w« want «s«nts: pianos furnishM
free: you get first money when you sell.
HEINE PIANO CO., 817 O>ary »t. -
IF you wt»h first-class n«pnlr work done cult
nnd Inspect our factory. BYRON MAUZY.
so.; Post it.
BARGAINS— Halnes, *:*); Kramer. $135: Nleu-
monn $140; Cable. $175. W. C. HAMILTON.
8 Flood building.
BAHOA INS— Fischer. Weber, Manner. Nugent.
Hallet «• DavlK; easy payment*. SCHMITZ.
1C McAllister st.
LEFT on sale. Chlckerlng upright like netr,
$1S;. Room S3. 217 Geary it.
A SPLENDID Stelnwrjv: unrleht^ $lfO; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 2ns Post st.
$S0— FIXE upr'arht: baby grand Stelnwav; other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1720 MlaMcn.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale chear>. HORXITNG'S. 216 McAllister.
LARGE 3-pedal upright nlano; absolute sacri-
fice: leaving city. 127 Hyd* st., near Turk.
LUDWIO pianos the most popular. WILEY P.
ALLEN CO., general ngenta. 93" Market at.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT -
CrnTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 TIavea at.
$117— MAHOOANY cas? Fischer upright. 217
Geary st., room 38.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S37 Me-
AlllSHT Et.
AT WILSON'S STOUAOE,' 17v>« Markst st., you'
can get stnrara pianoa almost for a aong,
firPPIUOTJ violins, althers," ol.l an,» new. IT."
Mt'H,FW, <r»V:ef, r»palrey. 9 L<»thn~> pla«w.
OPPICRS AXD STO«E«I TO I.RT.
ORARY, S9S, eor, Fo-fell=A nlea aunnv «\ilt» of
«kinn s-lltable fmr rih> ! a|e|an or i1en(|#U r»«»
¦tanalild,
|l,V-PTf>ftB With ftilfMfia*! paeTmalnM far «lTM».
m!tfc*r_tir *nmll t'<i*ti»ei«», Arr>l,v SW rtfth.
FINR iUM*ff?nt »«nr*, 4 r*«^mi »nrt larse vnr«1;
begt nt Pviniiliiiin! rent _$St), 413 Sixth it.
ENtMAlirtlRcFrRtr»» "^«Til«l"ln_r?s"rNt«rket it—
~oTl7~
CAt.tflTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating en 1120 acres of oil land In nlh#
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex,
COSTA niCA — Last chance at 10c; biar advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and
Investment Co.. 318 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good nrder; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission at.
_________
CALL at room 16, Academy of Sciences build-
ing If you want 160 acres of oil land at 12Vso
an acre. ,
OFFER wanted for 20 acres patented land; see.
13-29-28. Kern Co. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good rell-
• able work. Clark's. SOS Larkln: tol.LarWn IQfift
PALMISTRY.
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of.
the Pacific Coast: 1 to 5. 9C6 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st," bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading; lessons in class and private. 81? Jonea.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— A partner with means: a fine prop-
osition to the right party. Herbana Medicine
Company. San Jose, Cal.
PERSONALS.
CALIFORNIA AERIAL NAVIGATION CO..
successors to Stanley Aerial Navigation Co..
is now building Its great ship of the air at
its shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker sts.;
a limited number of shares for a limited tima
\» noti being offered to the public at $2 per
share at its offlce. 206 Pine St.. room 3; call
for particulars.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
REFINED, educated American lady, ecxxi
housekeeper, wants position on a ranch with
refined small family, or would go to the
beach. Box 3590. Call.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
hotel. 44 Third St., ne.ar Market: 700 rooms;
tSc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 "WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $13 up: fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 ud. LEON LEMO9. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
ALFREDTJMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
POISON oak cured In one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 4fi9 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and motes destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman. SSt^Folsomitel.Folsom 1191.
TAILOR made suita. $7 50: dress pants. $2 M.
Mlsnt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch. M13 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex
cept Th. and Sat.: electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD goldr-sflVer, diamonds and nrecious stones
bought. J. R. .TENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wles;
country orders. GOLDSTETN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
PHYSIC1AXS AXD SCItGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and^residerieeT
1921 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR, WONG HIM. herb doctor. successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials nt office. U5-117 Mason, nr. * Kill*.
PILES. ™~
NEARLY 1C0O permanent cures here in your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over fifty names of prominent business men
sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950k Call
offlce. S. F- CaLTHE SAN FKANGISCQ CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 25, 1901.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL- j
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
•until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street, open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€i; Larkln street: open until »:33 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
J056 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flilmore ftreet; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. m
M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY) fk
EVENING, June 25, at 7:00 o'clock. JLlX
M. M. decree. By order of the H. P. ' ~^ '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and »
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- -^
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D. "Jr 2?
8. By order of the W. M. r^*n
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., j»
will meet THIS EVENING, 8 o'clock, Jf\-
fcr social meetinp. /<L#\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secy. 'V>
ORIENTAL Lodce No. 144, F. and A. m
M.— Third decree THIS (TUESDAY) _A_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. S>v
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. 7*^
UNITED Garment Workers of America, L. U.
ISl. meets NEXT THURSDAY. June 27. at
the El Dorado Hall. Alcazar building. O'Far-
rell St.; election of officers.
CHAS. A. CALHOUN. Pres.
E. CORPE. Sec.
ADOPTION.
A~ HEALTH Y~\nfant~for adoption. MRS. DR~
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alamedi.
ASI'IIALTt'M KOOKIXU. J
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooflnc. sidewalks re- |
paired; postal. USS Mission; tel. Folsom 1CU7. I
ATTOKMSYS AT LAW. , ;
ADVICE fiee; divorce law a specialty; private; i
no feo without success; collections. G. \V.
HOWE, atty at law. S&0 Market.cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charg** unles* successful. W.
W. DAVIDPON. «7 Market ft. opp. Mason. 1
L. S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bld£.. 9S7 Mar-
kft st.:;»on;»uUimon free: no fees In advance. I
UOARDIXU KOIt CIIILDR — X.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month: bm
c«r«>:sunn>' y«rcl:nr,t>< v hool;re««>oni»ble.l«»7 Cal,
BOOKS SEW AXD OLD.
I5OOKS of every kind boupht. Tel. Red 2)5«.
HOLMES nCOK CO.. 704-706-70$ MlMlon M. j
1H5I.M>S CMAXCES. . j
A COFFEE ealoon and chop-house, close to I
Chronicle bulldliur: half interest or 'Whole:
owner otherwise enpkffcd: a bargain. Call
It. G. WILKE. 26i* Ktarny.
A RARE chance— $430: restaurant about two
Mocks south of Phelan bulldlnz; rent %X',
dally receipt* averagre $S0; meals from ISc up;
living room: clearing $100 per month. Call 11.
G. WILKE. 264 Kearny ct.
$!300— CANDY store and factory in Oakland;
rent $30; the place clears above 1200 per
month: owner has other business and must .
tell. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26S Kearny St. J
A— $350; DELICACY store and branch bakery, j
with 3 living rooms; rent $18; kept by owner j
11 years: choice business location. Particulars ;
R. G. WiLKE. r6'» Kearny et. I
A— $700; CORNER grocery and bar with 3 liv- j
Ing rooms; rent $16: choice location In th<%
Mission; a steady and good-paying business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. _ :
A — t!l>9; SALOON; no better located place in ¦
this city; rtnt $50: place clears easily $KiCl I
per month: no night work. Set K. G. J
AVILKE. y.Mi Kt-arny st. j
|7' > C'— Grocery & fruit; no rent; good clean etock.
$3M*>— Wine & liquor store; bar & bottle trade.
*4MW— Shoe store; all new stock.
tJftoO — l«alf«i>ri and furnished rorm s -
Vine fctiloon taking $i<XW mo.; call for price,
IliCiwHanch fcO ai-res; small house,
ftfewcatidy «or«, i<*e crfa»n psrlar.
We have wnie very genuine bueineta oppor»
t\ i.iiir. well worth inveeUeaUon,
WAIT!* H_ 1 1 A YKi< & tV>,, sM Market^tt^
i:Jft=PAnTNEU wanted in ald-pmabUshed com-
mitri.-n |,u = U>r^, will »'lrdr »;;. «» »lmi ptr
i.i. i. ih t» t-afh; na e*p«rieiHH» r«>quire>1i ppo
A_ tiTS; Branch b»W*ry * variety store: S fum.
r« » ; f«*nt t», fTKANr^Ort., W Kfarwy.
AI.I. klndi tif prnhPrty twUBht, »fl'1 ft PXth, {
IspWIftlty TBB«1» «f tttlylrilf Pnd flHnc lodeln*.
hf«n>n: All kinds 6f h?lp furnished. I
• OnLDEN ttULU R«rtK1?nAOE OPFtCK,
IOCS it Market ft,, room 4.
VOCtiB be suited in «hy kind of buelneBs by
rallfnp nt office.
O. W. PCHWEINHAtlD. 81* Market et., near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911. _^
A SNAP — Grocer}': fine stock: elegantly located j
nn corner: only ISon; 3 living rooms: rent $if0;
worth $50". KISHER _ CO., 935 Market Bt.
OFFICE— Real cs=tate offlce for eale. JOSEPH t
BAILIE. 759 Market Et. !
KEWSPAPER for sale — San Francisco- Sun; [
large sheet; 5"0 circulation; only Eve months j
old; gaining fast: cost of weekly Issue only ,
$10: GREAT BARGAIN; or will sell half.
lCGT 1 * Folsom st.
A TvEW quick-selling invention; secure a ]
county right and make money: patents I
bought and sold. WARD & MOSELEY. 20 ;
O'Farrell St., room 1.
FOR $1300: bargain; fine hotel or transient: :
choice location on Pacific st.. including sa-
loon and dancing hall. 24 Montgomery ave.
BARBER shop for sale: 2 chairs; complete;
lev- rent. Box 22S2, Call office, Oakland.
MUST sell— Store with 3 furnished rooms;
cheap rent; pood location. ]933 Mission st.
FOR sale— In Vallejo. one of the best corner
sa!oo::s and rooming house of 20 rooms, new-
ly furnished: best rooms in town; if you are
looking for a safe investment you will find it
here; will bear inspection; cause of selling, re-
tiring from buFiness, For particulars call on
ADAM MILLER, cor. Virginia and Santa
_Clara sts.. Vallejo.
GROCERY and bar; no better money makinsr
place In city; fine cash trade: trial given be-
fore buying; owner wants to retire after sev-
eral years in business: gilt-edge chance; safe-
Invefstment. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine.
FOR sale— Whole or half interest in bakery,
interior city, first-class location: good bu*i-
r.ers. clearing $S00 to $400 per month; can
be fully Investigated. Address "Anna Ea-
kery." box 3401. Call offlce. San Francisco.
FOR sale at a bargain— First-class country
hotel.' on railroad and terminus of Etage
line: has all the stage patronage; owner re-
tlrlng. Address box 3411. Call offlce.
"WANTED— To purchase small paying business
rf some kind; state particulars. Box 3694
Call office.
SPLENDID store in right location for. any
business: low rent. LICHTENSTEIN, 15
Grant ave.
$S90— SNAP: good ealocn. near city; cheap rent.
412 Examiner building. •
REAL estate office, furniture, etc., for sale
at great sacrifice. 762 TJarket st. -
GOOD opening for barber shop end baths In
h-«oi-. also tailor. 71S Valencia st.
_ODGIXG-HOi;S_S FOR SALE.
A. C AM_ROn"&^O.? ~~~ ~" """*"""
850 Market st. and- 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all elzes and prices. See list of bargains.
17 rooms: rent $S0; 4-yr. lease; new fur.,
carpets; reduced to make quick sale $1600
46 rms. :rt. S175: fine cor.: gd. loc. ; cpts.-fur. S0O0
26 rms.: rent $00; cor.; fine loc: good fur.. 200O
2X rms.: rent $90; fine loc; full perman'ty. S300
18 rms.; rent $125; elpg'ly fur.: fst-cls hse. 200u
_ rms.; t. $J5;,wtr. fr.:elg.: full; fst-cls hs;
must sell at sacrl.; ac. deptre; reduced to 1050
16 rms.; fine transient house; new fur 1400
Vl rms.; Post; rent tS3; tine fur.; sunny.. 22C0
14 rmfi.; r. $70; gny. err.; gd. hs.; pt. hs-kp. 1000
1IARION GRIFFIN— Money to Loan.
119 Market st. : by Call Bldg. ; teL Blaclc 1S03.
No charge if you list your house with me.
These, are samples: call at office for list, i
?i rooms; rent $50: corner, S. of Market. .$ 430
£0 rooms; rent $100; clears $200 UM
15 rocms; all front rooms; rent 150 700
H rooms; rent J20; central: leaving city.. 500
24 rooms; a nice cor.; clears $75: rent fiS. 1300
88 rooms; cor.; elev.: clears $400 month.. 6500
ATTENTION, BUYERS! *
Ton may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay. for it
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850. Market.
flfflER & CO.. 235 Market «t.. opp. Mason.
17 r> ms. prJ.e $?nO; 25 rooms, price J1400
T4 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $530.
25 rooms, price $1400: 11 rooms, price »3*r..
$ rooms, finely furnished; rent $30; $500.
If a bargain, we have them at any price.
rOR HOTELS. BOARDING HOUSES AND
LODGING-HOUSES SEE WINSTON &
WOLF. 1C26 MARKET ST.. THE LEADING
AND RELIABLE BROKERS.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
20 rooms: elegant; new 2400
si -room boarding- house 7500
70 rooms; country hotel and bar 3200
S rooms on Mission st 250
JO-room corner flat 250
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATKS.
10 rooms cu Eddy.:. $ »30
32 rooms on Market *; 1700
21 rooms on Taylor 1150
33 rooms; corner .•. ISflrt
15 rooms in Oakland 450
18-room house; sure to clear $100 700
SS rooms; all rented; clears $175 2C00
10 rooms; elegant corner; clears $150 1900
29 rooms on Market: clears $200 1800
21 rooms; fine and sunny: clears $K0 1200
10 rooms; very central; on Taylcr 400
:6 rooms; near Eddy: new furniture..'' — 1S50
000 other houses, from J50 to $10,000.
Give me a call. I sell and exchange real
estate and business places. What do you v.'ant
or what have you to offer? Phone Mint 796.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp, 5th.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at cffice'of
G. W. KHWEINHARD.
' No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1911.
$375— LODGING-HOUSE; 10 rooms; furnished.
864U MlFPlon st. _- .
SPIRITUALISM.
amsTjTT'wHltTNEY^
i Trance, business medium: life reader: exam-
ines ore; oil locations: medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Goush: Ellls-
et. car; sit.. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 24fil.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. th»
world-ren.-.wned spiritual medium: advice In
all affairs in life:, lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the senarafd: mining a specialty: cir-
cles Sun. Wed.. Frl. eve.: letters answered.
Residence (no signs). 5$ McAllister ft.
JOHN SI«ATER-Circles 25c. Mon. & Frl. eves..
S:15: Wed. afternoon, 2:45: sittings dally. 10
to 4. except Sun. l?03 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MLLE. M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant,
medium, of Paris; speaks English, French,
German: sittings 9 to S; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. HUnnATtD. 109 Oak— Circles Tuesday
ar.d Friday, 8 p. m. : Wednesday. 2:C0 p. m..
10c; readings daily 50c\ ¦
EDWAR1* EARLE. J2S Ellis— RMfllnvs dallv;
seance Sun.. Tues. nnd Thurs. Tel. Pclk 1601.
MMK. YOI'NO'S demonstrat'on of spirit return
to-nicht, €05 McAllister *t: 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G~"kkKGAN holds spiritual meetln* every
night except Sat.: 10c. 14S Sixth st.. 2d floor.
MRS. 11ARLANIVS tt-st circle to-night, also
"WVd.. 10c. Business readings. Me. $1. US 6th.
C. V. MILLER'S rnaterialUlnic trumpet se-
ance. S p. m. : 50c. IPS* Bath. Tel. Larkin 2275.
ASTONISHING materialising oeance to-nlsM:
readtngu SOc. $1. Arnold IMckson. 14S Sixth.
KAT1F. HEUSJSMANN. 138 West Mission «..
nr. »th— Circle Frl. eve.. iSc; sittings dully.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. SS5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer: sittlnc* dally: test to till tr>-n1rht: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANT*.
A^LINCOLn" 1 c"l A I RVOY ANT, A ND
HIOII rSYCHlST
He tell* your name, condition. d»slre, hones,
etc.. without asking a single «ju€»tlon; cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck nnd how to make yourself
-lurky: reunites the separated: makes har-
mony in your home; gives accurate advice on
all business affairs; investments, mining, oil;
reading by mall: send stamps for terms.
125 Turk st.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS.
1000 Callers Since May 1st.
Nacman. Rursian seer, medium, palmist and
advisor, tells your name, what you called for,
cures your disease or anything you want to
know: no charges In advance; satisfaction guar-
anteed: develops mediums in 2 months; teaches
palmistry, clalrvoyancy; hours 9 a. m. to 9
p. m.: readings by mall. S26 O'Farrell st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
Mrs. Dr. Savior, queen of clairvoyants A palm-
ists; names and dates; L. !,V; G. &0c; mail $1,
1M1U Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint. Wa,
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fatls; S5p and RiV. IMS Mission st., cor, 8th,
ilR8, 13R. VALEEN, vlatr-, palmist; advice on
all affnir*; mpesaees f r nm, departed friends;
teacher of personal magnet l«=m, 1S2SH Market,
MMK. f»\NnrcnS», l?t Ma»nn st,, medium; p'aTnu
let ; teaeh.es mlpd telegraphy; advice on all
business; « fluegUnnn hy mall, tl; hr», 18 <« E.
ifMAN, the ISevHlan «f?*P"y. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently lm<at«<d m* Market, op,
<!ih; private f*«d(ng« dally, 1« a, ro, ta S \\ m,
MM I*. MONTaWk". 7la^v«yanr~a n i\ nalmuT
Rtve» nf»TO*f>. fa<M<», dnted;sati*ifaftlf<n M'W«tl!
tnelAfMi etamp. U3j Market, <m\ Odd Fell^we,
MRH.MlihVIJ.U well-known p|nlrwyant.wnt*r
rrad«>r. 11. ttth;t1«>rman «polt*n;»M. Howard 1*14,
I MTSBTTvALVtmt*. rr*at earflr^der: ledlee sITi
! gpntu &CC, 8M Mission, nf, 6th j Open guntlnyi*.
Mff. Mallnfy, Hnlrvoii-Bnt card r§«rti»ri when
mhernf&tl rnnnilt me; 1, Sfe, g*A BIT Howard.
MMK. W5nNAttt», 17 3d Bt.. gon# on vacation;
i wll*. return noon; watch paper for ad.
! MME FCHAFFKR, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44?VJ JeFsle nt.. bet. Bth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 25e. 1149 Mission.
MRS BROWN— Clairvoyant card reader; ladles
I 2.',c; gents 60c. 132 Flxth st.
i MMK. RAVENNA reads life fluentlv; business
i Adv're- fRine* p'ven* 2^e «r>. B Fourth «t.
I CAIIPET nEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
I WHEN you become dlseusted with poor work
i send to SPAL'LDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
1 Ing Works. CJ3-357 Tehama sL ; tel. South 40.
i BEATING. 3c;' laying. 3c* renovating. 5c up:
¦ work guaranteed. T. R. Co. ; phone Scott 1310.
j RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
i COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
I 3.V. Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 384. GEO. WA"LCOM. Proprietor.
i JONES A. CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
i ovators. 25-27 Eighth st. •_ tel. Jessie 1061.
I . +1
i 'SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
! 344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
: CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
' J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
i CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
| . TON. 3 Eighth St.: telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
! INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chll-
• blains: painless cure.-^JPr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
i COLLECTION OFFICES. /
i GEORGE W. KELLY'S Aeency — No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY furnished cottage. 5 rooms: large gar-
den; references. 4066 Twenty-third, nr. Castro.
$14 AND $15—2 modern sunny cottages. Do-
lores St.. bet. lflth and 20th: water free.
DEXTISTS.
AT~theELECTRb"-DENTAL CLfNTc,~8oTT5a£
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
•without plates our specialty; golJ crowns,
1" ."0 u;>; plates, extractions free, $4 GO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filllnes; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free;- prices
cheapest and cuaranteed; lady attendant*
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreskable slate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
r.0c; plates, $3: full set; all work painless and
wartjnted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sijth.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prafc-
•tice will fill teeth, make plates, sold crowns
and bridee work at bedrock prices. Office
1141 Polk st.. corner Sutter; open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. G Eddy Ft.— Work done
on weekly installments: lowest rates. -
PARIS Dental Parlors. 225 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4|_crowns, $3; fillings, 2ic.
DR. R. L."WALPH.S15=i~ ~G^ry7iTr7l^7kin^-"Paln"-
It-ss extraction 50c; plates $5 up:phonePolkllS3.
L)R. II. CJ. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg. E
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
rOc. N. Y. Dentists. 9C9 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenlnss and Sun-
days. 3001 Market Bt.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. ' -
DRBSSMAKERS AVP SEAMSTRESSES
McLOWELL Dressmaking"_ Millinery School—
Ciass rates; patterns cut. ¦ 1019 Market St.
ACCORDEONi pleating : country orders prompt
attention, in Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chemic medication cures fault jTnutrt-
tlon. nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. _ K.'» Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
EDUCATIONAL. ,» '
GALLAGHER^MARSH College. Parrott bid*.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prae-
I tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telesrap.hy, English branches/ civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new .80- page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market Bt.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $30; individual
instruction; positions secured: catalogue free.
A-TKE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School, j
associated with theatrical aarency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand^ typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve; est.lS64.- Van
der Kalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg- shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 12S6 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting bepinners; business
college graduates ; bookkeeping: figures: short
time. FARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
PROF. I-. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mardclln and guitar. 1C0S Mission st.. nr. 6th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. : $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
nHPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE^^anT^nTnese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 133.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chln^e employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51 88.
ORPHEUM Emrlovment Office— Japanese. Chi-
ne?» help. 4*» Powell nr. Sntt»r:tel. Black r.^72.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
RELIABLE girl wishes pcsltlon to do house-
work or work In a bakery. Please call at
1155 Folscm st.. rear^
COMPETENT woman wishes few more engage-
ments by the day: any kind of work; refer-
ences. Plcato call at 1155 Folsom st.. rear.
A GOOD cook wishes a situation: will assist
with washing and' ironing. Apply 408 Hyde.
DRESSMAKER and ladles' tnllor In families
by the day. Address MISS WARWICK. 1200
Larkin »t., coiner Bush^
STRONG, good, willing woman: great house-
clraner: can do most any kind of work; good
references; wnges $1 per dny and car fare.
SS Third st.. room 10, upstairs.
A GIRL wishes a place as cook In an Ameri-
can family: - good reference*; wages $23.
Pleaoo call at 211 Minna st. '
ALL-ROUND wok Rnd male help; can take
chefs place or full charge kitchen; English,
French or German cook; first-class pastry;
first-class hotel reference. 242 Natoma Bt.
STRONG American woman wishes to (to out
by th«» day; washing, Ironing nnd houseclean-.
Ing. Box 8519. Call offlco.
YOUNG lady who understands dressmaking
wishes position as companion to lady or
children In country. Box 3311, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as lunch waitress in a
restaurant. 811 Howard st.
HOUSEKEEPER— By neat American woman;
elderly; pood, economical cook; likes children;
washing and houseclennlng; .wages $12; city
referencee. Call 26S Stevenson st.
CAPABLE young woman wishes position as
working housekeeper: any position of trust.
Address box 3537, Call office.
A GIRL wishes a situation to do general house-
work; understands cooking. Call at 1100 Pow-
ell at. < ¦
A RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman
wishes position to do light housework In
small family; good plain cook. 712 Natoma
st.. upper flat; no postals,
COMPETENT cook, would do downstairs and
cooking or general housework; wages $25; no
poatala. Call at 123C Bush «t.
GOOD cook wants place on ranch In email
family In country, 74S Howard, st, ••
WINCH RflTKU House, «V Third *t,, near Mar-
kft— ioo rooms; Sao to $1 50 per night: $1 Mi to.
It; we-eHi convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and haegage to and, fram ferry.
CUA8RIFIKO aflverllpementa and. nuuserlptlon*
reeetyed. at Call branch office, S30Q FUlmore.
A imANaTl fTftipe~tor^aUiRilvertiseliien<p and
nutoertpUena lifts been entahUiheO. at 1091
AN •etlve. lober, elderly man will werif for
mmierateU' low wagee; is htui.lv nt most nny»
thing; umJeritandB poultry} poe<l earpentferi
elty er country. Address liox 35*i», Call offlee,
MlDDLE'AOUn^nmn, handy With horses and
tool*, wants light works no milking; small
wages if good place. WAtlUKX, ll^gdjit.
CAKB bnker, good all round man, married,
wishes permanent Bltuatlon'as second or third
hand. J. gtEDKR, 625 Pacific Bt.
BITUAT1ON wanted by young man !(! years of
age; stationary, portable or traction engines;
6 years' experience. Call or address at Win-
chester Hotel, Third Bt., room 324.
ELECTRICIAN— Thorough all round mechanic
on motors, dynamos and all kinds of Inside
wiring and fitting. Box 3544, Call office.
1 MAN and wife want situations on a small
fruit ranch; understand handling all kinds of
fruit. Address box 2261. Call offlce, Oakland.
ALL round handy man wants position as por-
ter In store or business house. B. 3542, Call.
CABINETMAKER wishes work In a non-union
¦ shop; city. Address Box 3540.' Call offlce.
COUPLE want situations; man good cook, wife
i assistant at any work; plain hotel or board-
Ing house, city or country. Address C. S.,
Box 35S9, Call offlce.
AN experienced salesman going to the Philip-
pine islands would like to represent a whole-
; sale house or manufacturing company to In-
troduce goods there; best of references given.
Please address A. GARBE.R. Golden West
Hotel. Ellis st.
WANTED— A position by a young man In a
butcher shop, where he can learn to cut meat;
has a good deal of experience in the business;
best of references; city or country. Box 3435,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man who can speak French. German>
Spanish, Dutch and English fluently wishes
a situation in a hotel: can furnish best of
reference. Box 3407, Call offlce.
i SITUATION wanted in grocery or meat mar-
ket or any clerical work by young man of
25. Box 3633, Call office.
. A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1035
Valencia st. - ;
FEATHERS RENOVATED. ¦¦
• FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. P'ROURKK. 1393 Valencia
! st.; phone Blue 1595. '
FLATS .TO LET.
A — FLATS, houses and cottages for rent.
: 271S Filbert,n.h.,7r.$30 2427 Sutter, C, 6 r...J22
1521 O'Farrell,8r.J37 50 418 Clayton, f., 5 r..$21
1184 Ellts,n.f.,8 r....$40 1247 Pacific, f., 4 ft. $12
! 997 M'Allister,cf.8r.$40 3672A 16th, f., 3 r J7
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
TWO new modern corner flats of 6 and 6 rooms,
porcelain tubs, Ingrain paper; up-to-date in
all respects; rents 122 50 and $25 per month
1 each; see them to-day; southwest corner San-
chez and Clipper sts. EASTON, ELDRIDGE
; & CO.i 638 Market at.
$25— NEW sunny flat, 6 large rooms; all mod-
' em Improvements; finest view In the/ city.
¦ Corner Liberty and Dolores sts. ' ,
$25— MODERN sunny flat, 6 rooms and .bath;
1 all carpeted and partly furnished; adults only.
1 335 Fair Oaks st., between 24th and 25th,
• $6— FLAT, 4 rooms; range: carpet; yard; water
free; fine view; no children. 21 Holly st., 50
feet from Mission, opposite 33d and Mission.
$25— GRAND flat, 6 large sunny rooms; modern
in every respect. 1127 Guerrero st., between
; 23d and 24th. , . .
1 A — MARINE view; new; 8 rooms,- bath; very
sunny. 2414 Van Ness ave.,. near Union N st.
1 AN upper flat of 6 rooms. 49 Zoe St., bet. Bry-
ant and Brannan. , %, . ¦ . .
" LARGE four-room /flat and bath, $12. 819 Jes-
. 6le St., off Ninth. '
NEW flat 4 rooms and bath. 837 Bush St.,
. . near Mason. . - . ¦ •
, FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. 433 Tenth st.
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms, bath; rent rea-
. sonable. Apply 50 Clara Bt. - ..*•
• POST. 525A— Cozy flat of 4 rooms and bath.
418 HYDE st.— Lower part house; sunny; 4
. rooms, bath; key on premises. • . _ ¦ •
i APPLY Sutter. 2300 — 6 sunny rooms; appreciated
; if aeen; $22 50; water free; please investigate.
$14— FINH sunny flat of 5 large rooms; bath
and gas. 3928 19th, bet. Noe and Sanchez.
. FLATS TO LET FUKNISHBD.
LOWER part of pleasant house, furnished, for
housekeeping;' 5 rooms. 614 Capp r st. •„ .'
$350 BUYS elegant furniture of 4-room flat: gas;
bath; near the Pleasanton; rent $22. 710 Jones.
FUItJVITURE FOR SALE. .•.'.
WE. will furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co.; 123
.and 132 Kills st. '
BEAUTIFUL, birdseye maple set of 3 pieces and
a rocker tor $00; also 2 new 'carpets cheap.
1124 Sixty-third st.. Golden Gate., Oakland-.
4 ROOMrf furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market..
FOR sale— Newly furnished flat, four rooms
and bath, m Ellis st.
' FUPuMTURB WANTED. ¦
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.: phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. fl"2S Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
. price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354. ~
Auctioneer— L.Vincent,1303. Larkin: tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. H35 Market St.: tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN &-. CO.'S......104 Geary st.
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT. . ' "
"Waitress, Lake Tahoe, fare paid $20
10 waitresses, dlfterent springs, fare paid.. $20
20 waitresses, city and commercial hotels....
20 waitresses, city & commercial hotels. $20-$23
Chambermaid, city 520
Laundress, summer resort v ....$25
Cooks, hotels, fare paid $25-$40
Housegirl, Protestant institution, country.. $20
Pastry cook, watering resort $40-$5O
Fancy ironer, summer resort $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
5 cooks. ' choice places, city. $25; 50 house-
girls, city and country. $10-J25...."
C. R. HANSEN & CO..... 104 Geary st.
A MOTHER and daughter for light housework;
private family: $23; lady will pay fee7 Apply
at 104 Geary st.
MRS. M E. DAY Phone Main 1575
.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, first-class springs, fare paid.. $23
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz Mountains $20
5 waitresses, commercial hotel near city. ..$25
R waitresses, springs and resorts $10
8 waitresses, city and country $20
Woman to wash silver and glasses, sprlngs.SIO
2 chambermaids to wait, city $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Many first-class city and country places
' ....;.............. $15 to $33
MRS. M. E. DAY MS Geary st.
WANTED— Colored cook, $30. ! In family: cook,
boarding house. $30; German cook, family.
$33: 10 waitresses for springes, hotels and city,
family bearding houses, $20 and $25; 4 second
Klrls. $20 and $25; ironer, country laundry, $30;
6 cooks for city nnd country families. JSO;
nurse. 2 children. $20; girl for general house-
v work, city and country. Apply to J. F.
CROSKTT & CO.. 516 Sutter 8t. _
A— HOTK_ GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses, springs and city places. $20.
"WANTED in Mill Valloy— Girl . or woman for
general housowk * ctoklng *or mnn. wife and
baby; ?15. Call Tue?. btt. 2 and 4. 6 Eddy, r. 9.
WANTED— A girl for pood cooking and some
housework; good wanes: references required.
Call Wednesday morning at 2115 Vallejo »t.
ELDERLY Swedish woman can find a good
place; light housework nnd care of sick lady;
small wages; good home. Box SS54. Call.
NEAT girl for light housework and assist with
baby $12. $1S. 2520 Green et., between Scott
and Devlsadero.
GOOD girl, general housework. 2SU Buchanan
street.
GIRL wanted; general housework: no cooking,
no dishwashing; $15. 1562 Post st.
WANTED— 2 waitresses; wages $7 per week.
7 Taylor st. '
WANTED— Girl to do general housework and
plain cooking. 1143 Turk st. " .
SWEDISH or German second girl. Call after
1 o'clock at 191S Jackson st.
GIRL wanted to do housework and help with
children. Apply at 18 Chattanooga, near 21st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply at 1957 Pine st,
2 LADY solicitors; good address; salary patd,
ladles" Home Journal. 53 Columbian building.
HAIRDRESSER; halrworker; apprentice, 10S6
Market st,
MAN or woman to sweep halls and Ptalrs In
exchange for room. 4-U Oeary «t.
CU1U7 wanted who understands Oerman oook«
Ing and general housework. W0 CVFarreU.
MACH1NR operator wanted, 84 Q'Farrell St.,
room 9. > •
aiM7f«<r^nerel housework and cookings
wagea tSS. 718 Hayes St. .
WANTj;r>=Nles yimns girl to da housework
and Peking; wag"» 135. 619 Haye» »t. -
AIHM*_NTICR8 aiiiTitlrU want*! 10 learn tail-
orings wages to begin with. 830 MeAllt»i?r,
W^OTTn^\\ r <M«an for houiekeeiilngs goed
home, fta* Sfiss, Call otflee.
WOMAN to do plain eookln* and neiwn«tatrs
work. Apply bi?torj» U_Bt Jpltftrf lsor^ nt,
KXPEtUENCED ureggrnakei's wanted at BUS
_ Butter »!.. toomi, . _
F1R8T*CTjAR8 operator on vests; good wages!
steady work. Po8 Mission tt.
GIRL, for light housework In small family! $10
to $12 a month. 1045 Mission st. _
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for candy
Btoro; steady work. 1409 Polk st.
WANTED— Bright, capable lady.to travel and
appoint agents: must be in gqpd health, un-
lncumbered and furnish flrst'dfass references;
salary, $100 per month and all expenses; po-
sition permanent; no experience necessary.
Sales department. 900 Star bldg.. Chicago.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory. 23^4 Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. N
WANTED— Experienced waist trimmers at
f room 134, Spring Valley building, Geary and
• Stockton sts.
FINISHERS on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st.
APPRENTICES for ladles' tailoring; steady;
paid while learning. 819 Post 'St.
EXPERIENCED shirt and overall operators.
HEYNEMANN & CO., 410% Mission st.
EXPERIENCED operators ' on ge_ts' custom
shirts. 535 Valencia st.
BUTTONHOLE operators to operate on Singer
machine at Levl Strauss & Co.'s overall fac-
tory, 32>4 Fremont gt. Apply to/MB. DAVIS.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia st. • . •
HELP WAXTKD— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6813
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY.
$1 office fee and no other expenses; we ship-
you .free — morning, noon and night.
100 teamsters for Ukiah .•...'. free fare
100 laborers for Uklah ...'.wages $2 day
75 latcrers for L03 Angeles and Santa Bar-
bara Div.. free fare $175 to $2 day
MACHINE MINERS, LABORERS.
4 machine miners, gold mine ...$75
2 single-hand miners, new mine..- $75
6 machine miners, 150 laborers, no experience
required, dlfterent gold and silver mines, $60,
$40 and $35 and found; 7 drillers, 15 muck-
ers, $75; 6 laborers, factory work, $1 75 and $2
day; 10 laborers, quarry, $60; 10 laborers, 8
, hours' work, no experience required, near
city,*' $2 day; 1585 laborers, all classes labor-
Ing work, $1 75 to $2 50 day, $30 to $60 and fd.
TEAMSTERS— BOARD HOME.
5 teamsters, steady Job, $2 day, board home;
10 laborers, 25c fare, $2 day; 6 laborers, con-
crete work, *34 and fd.; teamster for a mine,
$40 and fd.: can washer, $45: linemen and
jackscrewers for the woods; 10 laborers for
sawmills, yards and woods, $28 to $40; 6
asphalt miners; 10. laborers to pile lumber
for a mine company, $60; 3 farmers, and
wives, $50. . • ¦•¦.'¦
AGRICULTURAL DEPT.
250 men. - work In harvest ; and hay fields, .
"' $1 25 to $2 50 day; 10 teamsters, haul hay
and grain, $40 and $52 and f d. ; 4 teamsters,
same orchard, steady Job,' $26 and fd.; 27
milkers, $30 and $35; choremen and boys. '
MECHANICAL HELP.
"Wheel wrisht, country shop; machinist, $3
day; harnessmaker, ranch, $52 and fd. ; wag-
onmaker 'and woodworker; .15 blacksmiths,
country shops, ranches, etc., $3 and ,$2 50
day, $40 and $50 and fd. ; 3 ranch carpenters;
4 rough carpenters. $2 day: carriage painter;
handy roan for boiler shop. ¦ .
BAKERS, HOTEL HELP, ETC."
Camp cook, $33;" baker, country shop, near
city, $C0; foreman baker; 7 cooks, country
hotels; 5 cooks; ranch and harvest crews,
$25 and $35; 13 waiters, city and country,
coatmaker, country shop, .$18 week. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. ' .'.. ¦
FARMER, and wife, $40; man and wife, Vprl-
vate fawily, -$35; 10 farmers for steady, work.
$30; butter maker, $40;. 5 milkers, $30 . and
$35; 2 choremen, $20 and $25; groom, $25;
sheep herder, $25; 2 stablemen, $30; miners,
$2 B0 r a day; laborers for mines, quarries,
railroads, etc., $1 73 to $2 50 a day, and
others. ¦ J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento' st. .
COOK for resort, ?40; restaurant cook for
. country* $10 week ; restaurant ' cook, city, $10
¦ week; 3 young colored men for steamer, $20 .
and found; hotel- second cook, $40 r hotel
porter for country. $25; waiters and others."
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 - Sacramento st.
SAN FRANCISCO EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.
"323 Kearny st., tel. John 3261, wants at once
B0 R. R. laborers, " Ukiah and Santa Barbara,
free fare: 25 laborers for sawmill; 10 tie-
makers and " wefodchoppers; 25 laborers for
quarry: near -city, $2. ' . ¦ ." . ¦
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery," rm. 12.
Pastry cook, $60; pantryman, resort, $30; sec-
ond cooks, country,; $50 and $55. •-;.."
HELP -WANTED — -MALE — -Con. _'"_.."
C. R. HANSEN & CO.....". .104 Geary st
Wanted. 1000 men for R. R. work."
j Free Fare..'. . . ... .Free Fare.'. . . .Free Fare
- .FOR TRUCKEE
50 laborers and 50 teamsters ....
FOP. UKIAH '..-
100 teamsters ..: ?2
•100 laborers : $2
50 axmen to clear right of way ' $2 25-
FOR BAKERSFIELD '
.20 four-hdrrse teamsters j...$2 25
20 two-horse teamsters $2
.FOR CHATSWORTH PARK (big tunnel)..
100 tunnelmen and drillers C2 50
. 100 muckers : $2
2C0 laborers $175
For surfacing and ballasting track, Santa
Barbara and L. A. Divisions
Free Fare Ship To-Day Free Fare
.....;.-... MISCELLANEOUS ;
¦73. laborers for bis ditch , $2 25
50 laborers for levee work.... ».". $2
,30 men to- handle cord' wood for" large com-
pany north $'
10 lumber pliers,- country sawmill $35
30 haymakers and farmers $30 and $35
Edgerman, ?50; screw turner. $43, for country
sawmill; choreman, springs. $20 \
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
. Second cook for report, $60; see boss here;
Man and wife, both shampooers, lor springs,
$75; shampooer for springs, $35; 6 second cooks
for springs and resorts, $50; 2 second cooks
and bakers, $50 and $40; fry cook for Lake
Tahoe, $45 and fare paid; dishwasher for
Lake Tahoe, $30 and fare paid; second cook,
$35, and dishwasher. $20, for summer resort:
20 dishwashers, vese tablemen and kitchen
hands, $30 and 523.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
AT THE CAL. EMLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third st. near Call bldg., phone Bush 405.
100 railroad laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work.
L. - A. and Santa Barbara dlv., $1 75. $2 50
100 men for'Ukiah. new road
50 R, R. teamsters. Ukiah $2 per day
• FREE FARE
Office fee for above $1
10 tunnel men $3 per day
- 50 rock drillers $2 50 per day
100 laborers $2 25 per day
Baker, country $40 per month and found
10 harvest hands $2 per day
S 5 teamsters, city $3 per day
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment.. 927 Market st., room £07.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED- A flrst-class general all around
candymaker for Honolulu; steady work and
good wages: good reference required.
ADOLPH HROMADA CO.. 224 Battery st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and Accountant,
young own. for wholesale and inport houae
in city; state age, experience, references and
salary expected. Box SMI, Call.
COLLECTOR— Experienced industrial insur-
. unco man for concentrated JSO debit. Call
3 and 4 p.\m.. T. SPENCER, 1424\4 Park St.,
Alameda.
WANTED— Steady younc man to nsslst gener-
ally in lljfht '.ndoor work; Jir. per week to
start; must have $75 cash. SS Geary, rm. 1.
TWO traveling men; salary $13 week; all «x-
•penses; references exchanged; $23 cash seeur-
lty; call to-dny. K.N'APP & CO., Royal Hotel.
WANTED— Steady tnin to take Interest in in-
door business; $100 required. McLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777H Market st.
BARBERS— Great snap; 2-chalr barber shop;
bargain; owner is going East. Apply 1034
Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — A young man to deliver groceries
and take care of two horses. Box 3S45. Call.
DRIVER for double team, accustomed to city
delivery: moderate wages. 2108 Hyde st.
WANTED — Strong young man as blacksmith
helper. 117-119 Beale st.
BOY to learn painting trade.. Inquire at 112
McAllister at.
AN intelligent young man. 6 Eddy St.,
room 3.
CARRIAGE painters and carriage blacksmith
finishers. O'BRIEN & SONS. 500 GoldenGate.
WANTKD— Young man for office work; must
be good at figures: Apply HALE BROS.
FOR sale— Barher shop, 5C3 Howard st. In-
* quire corner saloon.
HARDER shop. Western Addition: 2 chairs;
old stand; cheap. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at Grand Hotel barber
shop.
STABLEMAN- $20 and found, 547 ttevlsadera
»t,, rear, before 1Q a. m, • '_
HA1UU3HR— Master Rarhers" Association meeta
to^nleht at 103 G'Farvell st, at 8;ao o'clock;
nomination and eleotion of officer* to-night,
8, Heller, 8eo, Master Tlarbera' Association.
YOUNO man In itutcher shop: take pare of
noree and drive route, . Apyly S!W> flay,
\VA NT K \ »^ I toy" Thai enea fc « ~~ C»e?nm n7 3**M
Twenty«flf.tU it,, near Harrison,
piU8T»niiAH8 i»vo»nep on vest*; teed wai^T;
Heady wmvU. tjfig Mission at,
\V A NTKl>=Htw«lt* for the marina eeri»», U.
8. Navy? &l>l0>iftilteri, unmarried men ef send
eharaejpr, between the ase* «f 21 a.mt 33: net
lees tbhn S f#>et 4 Inches and net ever I feet 1
ineh.Table to rend and gptak English, Per
further Information apply to the ReerulUnf
_ Of nee, 40 KUIb ft., Hun Franelseo,
YOtlNrt man ln~Oakl«nd Rfouiiii Ktbfe and
make hhtiaelf gtpnerftlly UPefuli state Bgej %4
a week. Box 1074, Onkland offlee, __
A^STBADY mnn with $l5d cash can mak^ |To
n month. Apply nt 209 Kearny st,, room 1.
OET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 663 MlBston st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
KLDERLY man for general work about place;
must understand care of fine horses and small
¦ garden: references required; good home;
wages $20. Box 14, Call.
WANTED— A good rustler with some cash to
travel on half share with owner of good lines;
own manufacture: permanent and lucrative.
Box 3438. Call office. ,
1000 MEN wanted — Teamsters, rock dril!ors,
tunnel, brush and shovel men to wor»c nn
dltcluand pipe line being constructed for the
Sweepstake Mining Co. near Woaverville.
Trinity Co., Cal.; apply -on work: steady
work, good board and best wages in State.
San Francisco Construction Co., 26 Mont-
gomery st., room 25, San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; $60
monthly paid our graduates; two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply: tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season-now;
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— At Master Bakers" Protective As-
sociation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics I to | know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40, Phelan bldg.. SC6 Market.
McDONALD & PERRY hav* 50O pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c. 241 Third st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS." ordinary and green hands, for ships
at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard..
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st. *
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attys.,
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near M^r-
ket— 700 rooms, 23c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. "*
f— ' ¦
HORSES AND WAGONS.
WANTED— 300 saddle broke geldings, 5 to- 8
years old, 15 hands 1 Inch to 16 hands, solid
colors. Address A. F. ROOKER or JOHN J..
DOYLE. 327 Sixth st. .-- ' . ¦ "¦-
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR sale— 2 horses: weight 1000 to 1100; also 1
large Icebox. Inquire at 5935 Mission st., op-
posite Ocean "View.
$125— FOR' sale; bay horse, about 1100 lbs.,
broke single and double. Centennial Stables,
1523-25 California et. . i\
NEW $300 rubber-tire surrey, $140; handsome
double harness; sound, gentle young thorough-
' bred, broken to saddle and harness; good busi-
ness buggy; all $300; will sell part. 125 Geary.
FOR sale — Camping waefln, light" team and
. harness." 1202 Mission st., v room 2.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. . 721 Howard st.
RUBBER tire trap, phaeton and surrey at
- O'BRIEN & SONS, 500 Golden Gate ave.
GOOD camp team ¦ for sale cheap, at once.
TIERNEY. 450 Tenth st.
ALL. kinds of wagon, buggies, carts. .' harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2^17 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
ramping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
¦-^_ _ ; HORSES WAXTED.~r : ~
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or. five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
¦ ery st.. room 25. ' v ~ ' ' : ¦
HOUSES TO 1.12T.-
A^P^IN^E^TTsTTiOTis^rToneTr^e^d^ft^lr^
cular., G. H.'UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
$45—8 ROOMS; large finished basement; largs
yard. .1615 Bush «t., near . Franklin. \--_-
HOUSES TO LET FUBXISHfiD.
COMFORTABLY furnished house of 9 rooms
and bath; centrally located. Box 4261. Call.
SVBDKBAX RESIDENCES.
?35— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, furnished: Belve-
dere. Call at room 550. Parrott building, or
phone Pine 2056. »
INSTANTANEOUS AVATER HEATEll.
HOT bath in ten minutes aVcost~c71^c; saves
¦fire in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath 13 ready; no
danger from explosion: sold on installments;
call and see It in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST A\D FOU.\D.
LOST— From California and Larkin St.. -white
fox terrier dog; left side of face black. Re-
turn 1506 California st. and receive reward.
LOST— Lady's purse on Fourteenth and Mis-
sion sts. Return to P. J. MURRAY, corner
Eighteenth and Castro sts.; reward. ¦
LOST— June 23; liver and white pointer bitch.
Return to 1127^ Harrison st. and receive
reward.
LOST — Large Newfoundland dog. brown feet.
Reward at saloon, Howard and Spear sts.
LOST— Hand chased diamond set ting. J.
MJ2RO, IS Page St.; reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla, Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of GEORGE J. HAUBEIL. No. 250-
1421. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Scarf pin; pearls surrounded by dia-
monds. Reward by returnins to » Montgom-
cry st., S.in Francisco.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
. • MEDICAL..
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent specialist,
departs for Europe on the 8th prox. Shs will
Introduce the latest and most scientific meth-
ods on her return and open the finest sani-
tarium for diseases of woman in s-an Fran-
cisco. In connection therewith a training
school for nurses will be inaugurated. .Com-
petent physicians will be retained. Two years
ago on returning from Europe Dr. Goodwin
revolutionised existing methods. Her success
since has been phenomenal. During her 20
years* practice in California she has gained
the confidence and esteem of thousands of
patients. Address 1033 Market St.. bet Sixth
and. Seventh.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain rerulta promptly; I treat ladlra only;
my regulator has no equal; nil classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the moat obstln.it -<
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
rto other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cas"«>s treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. PH. O. W. ODONNKLL, ion Mai lot.
HINDOHERU horn* treatment; \n* moat won-
derful, simple, surtj lemedles ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leueorrhea.
gonorrhea, and all trouble* of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor: 4 months' suppository treatment. $4;
maternity home; bust developer; *«nd stamp
for circulars. 1120 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for nil female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cn*e* Immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
d»lay; consult free. MRS. DR/KOHU 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor; opp. Hale' 3.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1213 Market, ladien'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to anyother: positive cure
guaranteed at office: patients treated ran re-
turn same day; harmless: consultation free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned: my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate cases relieved
without palnibest cure; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETII. reliable specialist: 26 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any aliment: home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
akin disease*. N'ff cor. O. Q. nve. A- Fil'morft.
MATRIMONIAL*
GENTLEMEN wishing to roarrv wealth? ladles
aend lQo for latest list. MItS. HERTZ. 7C9 Ellla
MATTI1KSSKS AXD PILLOWS,
TO order, also cleaned and aterillaod, uph.-i-
stery: M carpet cleaning; honest work ffuar^
anteed, HOl»KTC imOS»,, 4U and 413 Powell
M,\ tal, Huah 431, Factory .118 & 3EQ 11th »i.
"MINIM i A\n ~mS 1NO.
cTvTnRNirw^lrtB mtntna stoeV* araeTso^nd
10e pep share; »*nd tor "ferespetHus, Paetrta
States Mining and Investment Ca, Ki TVwt «t,
iMlSClJLt.AMBOWS— FOH S,\l,H.
bOlliKKB, engine*, 8d--han«1 machinery. M«»
INfO!*H & WOliFMAN, 13.V-W Fremont it. _
UAUJ*, baefc bars, mirror*, restaurant and po-
ker tallies, barroom rimir*. linoleum, new and
8#ee«d«handi w§ always have a large «t«ckof
BaldOn outfits oh hands 13 complete outfit* en
our floor, ready mule; we ean ship everything
in S» hours. J. NooNAN, lot?, ji.ua. lost. 10:3
Mission st.. above Mxth; write for catalogue.
FOR nale^-Freak cow with 3 legs; 3 eagles,
large wildcat, 3 coons, 2 goats, guinea pigs,
fan tall Indian bird?, monkey*, bird? and
other show anlmalB at Constable sale, Tues-
day, June 25, 1901, at 2 o'clock p. in., at
Fruitvale station, Oakland.
A — NEW to h. p. Hercules gasoline mine hoist
with engine combined. California Hydraulic
Engineering and Supply Co.. 17-19 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear nt. -
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
$25 — New Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers;
oak; complete. 1915 Mission st.. near 15th.
FOR sale— Two-chair barber shop, 122}£ East
street.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
150 YARDS good carpet, lady's bicycle, nearly
new; blankets, pillows. 134 Hayes.
2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought, sold.
. rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
, chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery st.
ONE 4-horse- power Covey engine; one Vfr
horse-power Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery-
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
GASOLENE engines, 2d-hand, and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein, 53S Mission. "
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all' sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
. boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS. ~
A. KLEIN still pays the best price for clothing,
bric-a-brac, etc. 109 Sth; phone Folsom 1094.
WANTED— Bicycle for child of 10 or 12; sec-
ond hand; cheap. Address Box 3555, Call
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dresses. 154 9th; tel. Folsom 2522
MOSEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopIeTcaii
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business, with stranger3
and you will be better satisfied: no delay- no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~~~
• •• • IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money. • see H. MURPHY
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate!
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc. . •
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN!
ANT amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mortgages
undivided Interest, real estate In probate"
mortgages and legacies bought; no delay- gt»t
my terms before doing business elsewhere R
McCOLGAN. 2< Montgomery st.. room 3."
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth'-
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.*
DEAL direct; .furniture, pianos: no removal;
low rate;strlctly private. Licit. 115 McAllister.
°£!L per cent on furnltur e:$3amonthoneach
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st,. r! 1.
LOWEST rates on -furniture, etc.. by private
?i a ? y V, no ""wjalJ n » commission; confiden-
tlal.- Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
¦, a«e; reliable party. 1170 Market st7. room 68.
movev to .k.oA-^-ry,?. 1^**?. ?_£;*•
3% on furniture and pianos: 515 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 14t JPhelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no Indoraer: Eastera
plan. Western Lean' Co.. 209 Phelan bldir.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for buildins;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrot building.
CASH loaned to salaried peor>le on note without
"indorser. MOKRELL. »>C9 Examiner building.
" 3IUSICA- IXSTRUMEXTS.
WILEY B. ALLEN" CO High Grado Pianos
Steck Everett, Ludwig. Packard, Hardman.
Conover, Harrington, Straube, Kingsbury.
Jewett Smith & Barnes. We control the sale
of the above makes of pianos for the entire
Pacific Coast. We are a new concern her*
and will turn the country upside down if
necessary in order to get business, and lota of
See us or write to us. Prices low. Terms
"the" WILEY B. ALLEX CO.. 933 Market
St.. San Francisco.
Branch 951 Broadway. Oakland.
TO clc?e out a line of styles* we will sell you
a fine new uprlsht for 5250; reirular price
$CT3' you can pay by the month If desired:
we have tha mest complete facilities for re-
pairing your old plan«: can' make it as good
as new. If you are willing, and It won t cost
you more than It's worth: let us make you
pn estimate; we are agents for the Decker &
Sen which is the original old and only
D^k^p-no. The ZENO MAUVAIS JTUSJC
CO.. 769 Market at.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAT S
& CO may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any ttni» within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. W p«»
month: some good pianos sold for *3. U ancj
$3 per month. SHEHUAX. CLAT & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
' *ts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Th i i-teenth »t.. Oakland. _______
RKMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano »to*» from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
314 Post st., opposite Union square. Ar« now
prepared to offer several new makes «nd all
of our old stock at sreatly reduced prlce»,
JAS. KEKFFE. SH Post »t.. between Stock-
ton and Powell. ____________
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tltr i*
within S years and full purchase price »N
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only 2<v a day to buy a
piano from us. KOIILETI „ CHASU. »
O'FarreU »t.; established 1*SO.
A LIST of fine sfontl-hand bnrmtns— t En»er-
non. 1 Hallot & r>avls. 1 Conovtr. 1 Curta*. t
Sterling. *". $123, $V»5. etc.: easy payments.
I1KXJ. cniTAZ * SOX. 16 O'Farroll «t..
Chickerlnr. Vos*. Sterling A««ncy; alto
ApolK king of soir-playe".
ALL makes; g-reat bargain:* $.'0 up; rents $3
up allowed; w« want «s«nts: pianos furnishM
free: you get first money when you sell.
HEINE PIANO CO., 817 O>ary »t. -
IF you wt»h first-class n«pnlr work done cult
nnd Inspect our factory. BYRON MAUZY.
so.; Post it.
BARGAINS— Halnes, *:*); Kramer. $135: Nleu-
monn $140; Cable. $175. W. C. HAMILTON.
8 Flood building.
BAHOA INS— Fischer. Weber, Manner. Nugent.
Hallet «• DavlK; easy payment*. SCHMITZ.
1C McAllister st.
LEFT on sale. Chlckerlng upright like netr,
$1S;. Room S3. 217 Geary it.
A SPLENDID Stelnwrjv: unrleht^ $lfO; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 2ns Post st.
$S0— FIXE upr'arht: baby grand Stelnwav; other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1720 MlaMcn.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale chear>. HORXITNG'S. 216 McAllister.
LARGE 3-pedal upright nlano; absolute sacri-
fice: leaving city. 127 Hyd* st., near Turk.
LUDWIO pianos the most popular. WILEY P.
ALLEN CO., general ngenta. 93" Market at.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT -
CrnTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 TIavea at.
$117— MAHOOANY cas? Fischer upright. 217
Geary st., room 38.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S37 Me-
AlllSHT Et.
AT WILSON'S STOUAOE,' 17v>« Markst st., you'
can get stnrara pianoa almost for a aong,
firPPIUOTJ violins, althers," ol.l an,» new. IT."
Mt'H,FW, <r»V:ef, r»palrey. 9 L<»thn~> pla«w.
OPPICRS AXD STO«E«I TO I.RT.
ORARY, S9S, eor, Fo-fell=A nlea aunnv «\ilt» of
«kinn s-lltable fmr rih> ! a|e|an or i1en(|#U r»«»
¦tanalild,
|l,V-PTf>ftB With ftilfMfia*! paeTmalnM far «lTM».
m!tfc*r_tir *nmll t'<i*ti»ei«», Arr>l,v SW rtfth.
FINR iUM*ff?nt »«nr*, 4 r*«^mi »nrt larse vnr«1;
begt nt Pviniiliiiin! rent _$St), 413 Sixth it.
ENtMAlirtlRcFrRtr»» "^«Til«l"ln_r?s"rNt«rket it—
~oTl7~
CAt.tflTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating en 1120 acres of oil land In nlh#
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex,
COSTA niCA — Last chance at 10c; biar advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and
Investment Co.. 318 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good nrder; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission at.
_________
CALL at room 16, Academy of Sciences build-
ing If you want 160 acres of oil land at 12Vso
an acre. ,
OFFER wanted for 20 acres patented land; see.
13-29-28. Kern Co. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good rell-
• able work. Clark's. SOS Larkln: tol.LarWn IQfift
PALMISTRY.
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of.
the Pacific Coast: 1 to 5. 9C6 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st," bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading; lessons in class and private. 81? Jonea.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— A partner with means: a fine prop-
osition to the right party. Herbana Medicine
Company. San Jose, Cal.
PERSONALS.
CALIFORNIA AERIAL NAVIGATION CO..
successors to Stanley Aerial Navigation Co..
is now building Its great ship of the air at
its shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker sts.;
a limited number of shares for a limited tima
\» noti being offered to the public at $2 per
share at its offlce. 206 Pine St.. room 3; call
for particulars.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
REFINED, educated American lady, ecxxi
housekeeper, wants position on a ranch with
refined small family, or would go to the
beach. Box 3590. Call.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
hotel. 44 Third St., ne.ar Market: 700 rooms;
tSc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 "WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $13 up: fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 ud. LEON LEMO9. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
ALFREDTJMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
POISON oak cured In one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 4fi9 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and motes destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman. SSt^Folsomitel.Folsom 1191.
TAILOR made suita. $7 50: dress pants. $2 M.
Mlsnt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch. M13 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex
cept Th. and Sat.: electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD goldr-sflVer, diamonds and nrecious stones
bought. J. R. .TENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wles;
country orders. GOLDSTETN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
PHYSIC1AXS AXD SCItGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and^residerieeT
1921 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR, WONG HIM. herb doctor. successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials nt office. U5-117 Mason, nr. * Kill*.
PILES. ™~
NEARLY 1C0O permanent cures here in your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over fifty names of prominent business men
sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950k Call
offlce. S. F- CaLHOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A E Snugg & w. Detrt
L R. Poundstone, Cal
W Backman, Sacto
E S Holloway, Colusa
E Slmptman & fy, Cal
M H Crandall & w. Or
W J O'Brien, Sacto
Mrs G. K Easton. Ireld
W Hunt, -San Jose
C H White, SS China
J A Whlttler & w. Eng
H N Holdgkins, S Bern
C H Zlnk, Philadelphia
S M Brandt. Pa ¦
T Stlllman, St Louis
G D Rice &' w, Omaha
W S Macamer. Or
C G Stafford, w & dght
Eureka
M W Helnrici & w. do
J Johnson Jr, Fresno
J F Eehelman, Seattle
B D Ferguson. Seattle
W J Nelson, Mojave
J McKay, Detroit •
G H Peck Jr, Los Ang
H M Reed. Reedley
J M Pritchard, Ind
K Stelt. England
R McCormlck, Chicago
Dr N M Babod, Los A
Ms M D Norton, S Jose
8 M Brandt. Pa . . •
Mrs H L Wllley & son,
San Jose - ¦.
F J Fox, Pittsburgh Pa
J Green, Nevada
E Baruch, Los Ang
C Baruclx Los Ang
P L Flanlsran, Reno
A G Bell. Colfax
J Kulllnan, Benicia
C H Kendall, N Y
R E McKenna. Cal
M P Costa, Hanford -
W" F Price, Santa Rosa
W Bruce & w. Ohio
J Merrill, Cal .
J H Slmms & w, Chlco
A L Hobbs, Freano
Thos Oliver. Monterey
W H Bonsai], Los Ang
F Jenner & w, Fresno
W M Tlpton; Santa Fe
Mrs L G Venn, N J
Mrs J M Wells. N Y
H Bridges, San Jose
H Slmms. Iowa Hill
W E Ross & w. Or
B F Ha'.l & w, Fulton
Mrs F King, Cal
Q E ¦ Condo. Sacto
J B Heyward, Cal
C F Weatherly, Chlcff
L L Lewis & w, Sacto
Miss A Lewis I Sacto
H S Babcock & w, Colo
H S Babcock Jr. Colo
E D Babcock. Colo
R F Johnson. Cal
C Carr, Monterey
Dr C Welch & w, L A
M H Dlggs, Honolulu
S H.Grlggsby,, Honolu
W CMorrla & w, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
J Baker Jr. La Honda
A Longlnl, Chicago
A M CDea, Wash, DC
F A Boole, Tanger
E J Day. Chicago
W M Jack & w, L . A
W O Naves. London
L S Fitch, San Diego
John Harmon, Chicago
Miss McGulre, Omaha
Miss Ella Weir, Omaha
Dr G W Dwinelle.Mont
John Barrett, Ptlnd •¦
F C Galehouae, Nome
A W Hunt, NY
S H Adams, Stanford
H-Hearsly, Pittsburgh
R TJader, NY -
W W Jamison, • Seattle
A F Dlxon, U S N
J H GJbbons. U S N
A- F Stoger. St Louis
B F Edwards, Nev
Mrs D F Fox. Saeto
C M Reynolds & wife,
San Rafael . • . - . ¦ ,
Albert Hansen. Seattle
H McAllister & w, SM
E A Godwin. U S A
M M McNamee. USA
W W Llchenthal. N Y
T O Turner, Boston
R M Welch & w, Neb
Mrs . W. R Kelly, Neb
Miss M Spltter, Neb
Mrs L Adams. Neb
Thomas ¦ Alton, . S M
F G Marcus, Stanford
Mrs <S Harvey,' Gait
Miss Harvey, Gait "
W B Trobridge. N Y
W W Brown, B C
J E Heaton, Baltimore
C F Steppanl & w, NY
Dr F M . Lombergr, Cal
A- J Rogers. Nev ,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. -
Harry Backer, N Y
F R Phillips, Denver
J 8 Azevedo, Cal" .
F J Martin, New Or
Mrs FE Harvey. S t>
G L" Harvey & w," S.D
G L Harvey. Jr. SD
H E" Harvey, San D
Wm Blood, Salt Lake
V Row*. Portland .
T G Wheble, Boston
E Lamb, St Louis '
Geo Bailey, Texas
G V Santtee, K City
A J Balles, St Louis
JohnsW Mayer, Kans
Wm O'Rourke, - Pa.
Harry Arnold, N Y
H Rlley, Ohio
J P Moon, ¦ Scranton
Henry Bertleson, a lame boy, was ar
rtsted yesterday on complaint of the man
ager of the^ Pacific Employment Agency,
Clay street, on the charge of battery. Thp
boy said he had paid the agency |2 to se
cure a situation at Sebastopol, Sonoma
County. He went there and found that
there were no vacancies; He returned to
the" city and when he demanded the re
turn of the $2 it was refused and a fight
fcllowed. The manager returned him the
?2 lr. the City Prison.
Claims He "Was Swindled.
The good people of Mill Valley' think
they have effectually broken up the trade
of the Hlicit liquor purveyors in the; pret
ty little town, and the liquor 'confiscated
remains in the town lockup. There is a
wagonload of it. . . . • : ¦ .
It was at th's point the younger Land
graft, who is a Mill. Valley liveryman and
a young man of good standing In the
community, Interfered for- peace. Land
graft consented to go before the Recorder
and put up his bail, and allowed his
stock to be taken. Mrs. Landgraft was
not arrested. . .
Trouble was expected at the establish
ment of Joe" Landgraf t. and it came.
Landgraft himself was most abusive of
the officers, and Mrs. Landgraft sat on a
box of bottled beer and helped him. When
that was taken away she seized a demi
john of whisky and declared that it
should not go out of the place, while her
husband threatened to clear the house of
troublesome intruders.
Mrs. Landgxaft Defies Fosse.
John Buss was the next Illicit dealer
visited. He went quietly, gave up his
stock of liquor and put up his $100 also
without disturbance.
It was thought that two of the illicit
dealers would give no trouble, and they
did not. The posse was divided, and Fritz
Schlueter's restaurant was first visited.
He was peaceful. His .liquor was loaded
into the wagon and Schlueter himself was
taken to jail. Later he was released by
City Recorder Roberts on $100 cash ball.
The matter was planned by Mayor Bost
wipk, who is the treasurer of the H. S.
Crocker Company in this city, most quiet
ly. 1 In the first place warrants were se
cured for the arrest *of the men notorious
as breakers of the liquor. law, and search
warrants to cover their premises. Then
Town Marshal Magner of Mill Valley
swore in as deputies J. R. Wood, a teller
in the Crocker-Woolworth Bank of San
Francisco; John J. Newbegin, dealer in
books, with offices in the Flood building,
on Market street; L. L. Janes of the
Tamalpais Land and "Water . Com
pany; A. "W. Bush, a well-known designer
of this city, and L. Parker and O. C.
Capplemann of the Royal Insurance Com
pany. To this posse was joined Mayor
Bostwick, and a large van drawn by two
horses went along to gather in the spoil.
Mayor Plans the Raid.
.Now, Mill Valley is a peaceful settle
ment of home lovers, who have never,
wanted that class of travel that goes on
holidays where liquor is. Also, Mill Val
ley people saw the logic, inasmuch as
Herman Frese had taken out a license, of
protecting him: in his rights under the
town ordinance, and so it was determined
that the "blind pigs" should be raided.
Herman Frese upset the calculations of
the rigid temperance element by taking
out a license for his Mill Valley Tavern,
and it soon became notorious that several
other persons . were selling liquors of all
kinds without the troublesome formality
of taking out a license at all. '
Mill "Valley has always been a temper
ance settlement, but when Judge Angel
lottl of Marin decided that the Tamalpais
Company had no : right to, insert In deeds
to lots sold in the town a. provision for
bidding the sale of liquor the citizens In
corporated, an-1 by way of securing prac
tical prohibition fixed the liquor license at
$750 a year. ;
Mrs. Joe Landgraf t sat on a box of bot
tled beer over in Mill Valley, on Sunday
afternoon, and defied the law and its rep
resentatives in the, persons of Town Mar
shal John F. Magner, six deputies of the
very highest respectability and Mayor: F.
F. Bostwick. Mrs. Landgraf t was assist
ed, not In sitting upon the box of bottled
beer, but in her defiance, by her husband;
and her own son poured oil upon' the trou
bled waters.
Good Citizens Help the Mar
shal to Make a Sunday
Raid. "
Mill -Valley Is Freed of
Illicit Liquor.
1 Dealers.
SITS ON A BOX
AND DEFIES LAW
In the evening . John McNaught of San
Francisco delivered the address. His sub
ject was "Patriotism, and Education." He
handled the subject In a scholarly man
ner and pleased his audience. Alvln J.
Purnell rendered a vocal solo, "Splrito
Gen til," by Donizetti. A class reunion and
promenade concert followed.
It is Interesting to note at this time that
this State Normal School is just thirty-nine
years old. The first meeting of the first board
of ¦ trustees was held on May 23, 1S62. Gov
ernor Stanford presided at that meeting. If
the veil' of the future could have been lifted
at that time and they could have known that
in- less than forty years this school would have
over 3000 graduates and this State would have
five normal scohols with an enrollment of over
2000 students they would have felt more than
they did their tremendous responsibility as
well as opportunity. There were four graduates
In the first class sent out by this school. We
have graduated this year more than 150.
President Joseph E. -Hancock presided
over the meeting this afternoon. The
other officers are: Anna Nicholson, vice
president; Miss I_ Ara Gass, secretary:
Emila E. Newell. Robert A. Lee and E.
E.-Prownell, executive committee. Presi
dent Morris E. Dalley of the State Nor
mal School delivered the annual address.
He reviewed the history of the school and
said:
SAN JOSE, June 24.— The annual reun
ion of the Alumni Association of the
State Normal School opened this after
noon -with an attendance of about 500
graduates of the school. The meetings
will continue three days. To-morrow
night there will be a reception and ban
quet to the alumni and on Wednesday
morning the graduating exercises of the
school will be held. A baseball game be
tween the faculty of the school and
alumni will be a feature to-morrow. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Five Hundred Graduates
Open Commencement
Week Festivities. '
Annual Reunion at the
State Institution at
San Jose.
NORMAL SCHOOL
ALUMNI GATHER
One cannot go Into Canada now, as was
formerly .the case, and. carry a bottle of
•whisky over . the- line, Into >. the » United
States. "According to a decision' of the
customs appraiser, ..whisky cannot be Im
ported in less than a case quantity.—Ex
change. ¦ _ >. . . - ,
Only in Case Quantities.
THE ' SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY; JUNE 25, 1901.
11
tSuccessor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
: DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND, KMBALMEHSL
20 Fifth st;, opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. . .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
1UNERAL DIRE0T033 AMU EMBALM _.1J.
Klnest Equipment at Moderate Rate-.
OCEAN. TRAVEL.
JAMBS McGINN, V
Formerly -with McGinn; Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South B78.
ROOMS WASTED. _ ;, ,.
WANTED — By young man,' room In private
family: centrally located. < Box 3543. . Call. .
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE, 2 stalls with loft and wagon space.
159 Hickory ave.: 58. '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms ,9-19, tel. 5580.
DISEASES -and ailments of men treated; con-
fultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWIXG 3IACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred: orn>n even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH So7a : _e^aTid^lo^tng~Co^
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage WarehouEe. 840 Mls-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Vsn and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. -
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FiHmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN~TYPE WRITERS^We
*ell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53$ California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work In .sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery: tel. Black 4S83.
HAKTFORD typewriters; new, $60; aitl-trust;
nil miken: ussd machines. $10 up. 209Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
BTviDiEN^N^TTc^C^nf^nla^^aTe^Depo^rt
and Trust Company, corner. California and
• Montgomery sts. ; for the six months ending
June 30, 1901. . dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
. ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes, and payable on
and after Monday, July 1. 1901. Dividend*
uncalled for are . added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after July 1, 4901. J.- DAL-
ZELL BROWN. Manager. ¦
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Post St.— For the half year
ending June 30th, 1901. a dividend has been
declared at the nate of three <3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after MONDAY. July 1st, 1901. •
' GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. B32 Cali-
fornia St.. corner Webb — For the half year
ending with the 20th' of June 1901. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per annum
of three -and iix-tenths (3 6-10) per cent -on
term deposits and three. (3) per cent on or-
dinary deposits, free of . taxes. ' nayatile on
and after Monday. July 1. 1901.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
ciety, 62S California St.— For the half year
ending with June 30, 1901. a dividend has
b«n declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3H) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on an-i after
Monday. July 1. 1901.
- , ' GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary. ¦ .
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st.— The directors have declared a div-
idend of S^i per cent per annum on its depos-
its, payable on and after July 1, 1901.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
gineer, Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. I.. March 1. 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a 'harbor at Manila, P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1. 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry -In breakwaters, about 5,000.-
000 cubic yards - of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging In mud. sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
materials to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) In gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right Is reserved to
i-eject any or all bids.' For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office. Bureau of
' Insular Affairs. Washington. D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York. Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,
: Captain. Enslneers.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. June 21. 1901— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Monday. July 1. 1901.
and then opened, for furnishing 33 cavalry
horses at the Presidio of San Francisco. Gov-
ernment reserves right to reject or accept any
or all bids, or any part thereof. Bids will be
considered for a less number of horses than
that stated. Preference given to articles of
domestic production, conditions of price and
quality (Including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon), being equal, and
such preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Pacific Coast to
extent of consumption required by the public
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to J. XL MARSHALL, Assistant
Quartermaster General, U. S. Army, Chief
Qi'artpymagter.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license* were Issued
yesterday :
George Lawson. 25, 1112 Folsom street, and
Maggie Noonan, 24, 27. Boardman place.
Harry H. Shemanskl, 26, 734% ¦ Broadway,
and Ixiulsa Vasquez, 25, 1604 Powell street.
Wilmarth I. Northup, 25, Portland. Or., and
Ethel Billings, 23, Philadelphia, Pa.
Edward R. Braden, 25, 1802 Halght street,
and Myna A. Charles, 21, 742 Ashbury street.
* John A. Schlll, 35, 1566 Turk street, and
Dollle W. Llndeberjr, 25. 14H Bourbon place.
Leroy D. Nesblt, 22. 1309B Howard street.
and Antoinette R. Schoellhorn, 23, 1332 Turk/
| Victor J. Anderson, 27, 2153 Fifteenth street,
and Gertrude F. Lutkln, 18. 407 Van Ness ave.
Daniel S. Lewis. 23. 322 Third street, and
Lillian Ryan, 18, East Berkeley.
Philip N. Overman. 21, Berkeley, and Mabel
D. Gregg, 19. Berkeley.
Manoel R. Drack, 30, 1307 Montgomery street,
and Anna Candida. 26, 1307 Montgomery street.
George M. Stnddert, 27, city, and Mary C.
Kenneally, 24, city.
William C. Morris, 21. Woodland, and Laura
C. Crals, 20. Woodland.
Samuel M. Montgomery, 43. 23 Fell street,
and Margaret Hlgglns, 3.9, 4 Blake street.
Tom Ho. 20, 714 Jackson street, and Wong
Ling Sing. 20. 1117 Stocj-ton street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HINZ— In this city. May 27. 1901. to the wife
of August J. H. Hinz, a. daughter.
JONES — In Alameda, June 23, 1901, to the wife
¦ of Walter S. Jones, a son.
SEYDCN— In this city, June 20, 1901, to the
wife of H. G. Seyden, a daughter.
SHERMAN— In B&rkeley. June 20, 1901, to the
wife of George H. Sherman, a son.
MARRIED.
DALLMAN— POLLEN— In . this city, June 24,
1901, by the Rev. A. B. J. Brown, Clarence
H. Dallman and Ruth Pollen, both of San
Francisco.
FRIEDBERGER-TOBRINER-In thl« city,
June 16. 1901,* by the R-»v. Dr. J. Nleto,
Alexander Valentine Friedberger of Lodi and
Flora Tbbrlner of San Francisco.
FRIEDMAN— MONASH— In this city, June 9,
1901. by the Rev.» Dr. J. Nleto, Abraham L.
Friedman and Bella Monash. . .
STAUDE— HILDEBRAND— In this city, June
23. 1901, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, John
Staude and Lillian M. Hildebrand.
TURKMAN— COHEN-In thla city, June 23,
1301, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Jacob Turk-
man and Hattle Cohen. ¦
DIED.
Bettencourt, Mrs. R. Moore, Frances J. P.
Blell. Wesley C. Macmillan, Margaret
Brennan. Michael T. Munos, Mrs. Ramona
Coleman. John H. • Muth-Rasmussen, C.
Colton, Mrs. Submit Brlones
: Cusolle, Mathilda Ready, A. J.
Dalton, Marzaret M. Rellly, Sophia
Gercke. Amelia Ryan, James J.
Haberlan. Elizabeth Simmons. Matthew
Hiester, Lily } Stein, Henry J.
• . Hollis, George C. Sullivan, Mary A.
Kennedy, Bridget A. Tappan, Mildred D.
McConalogue. Philip . Weed, Merritt H.
McDonald, Martha Wilcox, Joseph R.
McKnight, Peter
BETTENCOURT— In Oakland, June 23,* 1901.
Mrs. Rcsa de S. Bettencourt. beloved wife of
A. de S. Bettencourt, and mother of F. de
8., Dr. J. -de S., M. de S. and • J. C. de S.
Bettencourt, a native of Portugal, aged 81
years 2 months and 20 days.
dTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
. (Portuguese) Church, Oakland, where a re-
quiem mass -will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Interment St.* Mary's Cem-
¦ etery, Oakland.
BLEU/— In San Mateo, Cal., June' 23, 1901,
' Wesley Cecil, dearly beloved and youngest
• son of Georae W. and Elizabeth C. Blell.
an4 grandson of Mrs. Anna Sapin, a itativc
of San Mateo. Cal., aged 9 .months and; 23
days. i, ./.¦-¦¦¦''.¦
SETInterment Odd . Fellows' ' Cemetery. San
Francisco, this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock.
BRENNAN— In this city, June 23, 1901, Mich-
ael T., beloved husband of the late Joanna
Brennan, and father of William and , Em-
. met . Brennan, Mrs. Thomas E. Curraui and ,
PHYSIOGNOMY.
SCIENTIFIC delineation of character by face
or photo. Mary O. Stan ten. K10 Leavenworth-
verbal i-ead'g. tl: printed chart. 12 50:. lessons.
~^ rUOPKRTV WANTED.
WANTED— A house 7 to 10 rooms; up to dato-
west of Van Ness ave.. between McAllister
n. and Broadway. Box 3639. Call offlce.
IlE^ZJE^-Tfi"~ C1^ Y — F^ SALE.
aVm. bpeck"&~ccT7~' ~
Opposite K^rnTJ^el* "****'
Genuine Btrsalns In Beet Portion of City.
tlCO.OOO— Ccmer; 275x137:6; splendid Improve-
ments; rented ?t JSOO per month.
tlOO.OOO— Close to Market and East sts.; fine
brick structure; store and lofts; lot
65x120; rents JSCO.
$55,00ft— Post St.; corner; downtown; splendid
building; 60 feet front; paying 6 per
cent net.
JC1.000 — Slxth-st. corner; 1H blocks from Mar-
ket; rents $325; fine building.
Jo6,00&-One-half block from the Orpheum;
__*___ stores and lodplng-house; rent $260 net.
$40.000— First -st. corner; 75 feet front; whole-
sale and manufacturing district; vicin-
ity new Crocker building.
$37,500— Ellis Bt.. close to Taylor; new building;
1 tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about $2S00.
$36.000 — Downtown Mission-st. bargain; 70 feet
front; this is a rare buy; the largest
lot to be had on Mission st. to-day.
JtS.COO— Best Improved north of Market ct.;
close to Geary st. and Grant ave.; 4-
etory and basement brick building; 40
feet frontage; rent $170.
$12, 5C0— Business property; Howard ft., near
Third; four-story . building; store and
lodging-house; rent $90; one tenant.
S17.5C0 — ¦Western Addition business property;
stores and flats on best 6treet; 50 foot
lot; this is a clean investment; rents
$107. ,
$15,000— Sansome-st. corner; wholesale district;
So feet frontage; rents $135.
Jll.OOO^-Modern flats; rents $140; lot 50x137:6;
facing Gclden Gate Park.
<S,100— McAllister st. Income property; near
Oetavia; 2 frontages; rents $83 per
month; lot .7:6x120.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
'. 667 Market street,
RARE DOWNTOWN CORNER INVESTMENT
1 Block from Baldwin Hotel Site and Tlvoll
Theater.
$75,000 refused 2 years ago for this property;
2 stores and 2 lodging-houses; 60 feet frontage;
will pay 6 per cent net on $75,000.
For farther particulars apply to
A. M. SPECK.
¦ 667 Market street.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estate
26 Montgomery st Room 11.
$18,000—75 ft. on Mission st. and lmpts. for
factory; rents $112; bargain.
$4S50— Stylish new flats, 4 and 5 rooms; every
room sunny: rents $40; on Twenty-third st,
$2700 — House. S rooms, bath, etc.; sunny let.
5fxS9:4 feet; near Sixteenth and Mission; suit-
able for 3 flats; splendid bargain.
$12.500— Stylish new flats; Hayes St.; One lo-
cation; routs $115.
PARK LOTS— ?300 AND UPWARD.
$S:5 Lots— Sunset Heights— Lots $S35.
¦On insta.llineL.ts; Eleventh ave,. between II
end I Fts., n*ai entrance Park music stand;
cais pass property.
$3000 Houses— Easy terms— Houses. $3150; on
above block. 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc.; plans
* A.° E^KUCKINGHAM, 28 Montgomery et..
room 11; branch offlce. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
MODERN home of 9 rooms on Vallejo St.; lst-
clars neighborhood; will be sold at a bargain.
DAVIS & BIVENS, room 53. 916 Market Bt,
FOR sale— Lot £3x112 ft., with front and rear
house; good paying property. Apply to owner
on premises. El Rausch st.
SHOTWELL. 824, near 23d-€5-ft. front: warm
belt: house, 9 rooms and bath; garden: 2-
Etcry stable; 14-foot drive; sun all around.
FOR sale — New cottage, 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union Et. 3022 Pierce st.
$19.500 — GOOD business property, well rented;
27 rooms, with stores. Owner. Box 3441. Call,
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park.
then call en W. J. GUNN. 638 California st.
REAL ESTATE COCXTHT — For Sale
WANTED— To sell the well-known Ocean View
farm; 40 acres: income property; beautiful
country home and summer resort combined;
Santa Cruz Mountains; elevation 2400 feet; no
fo*r: Jrrand view of ocean 4 miles away; 5
miles from Fulton. 6 from Ben Lomond. 12
from Santa Cruz; splendid bouse. 7 rooms,
bath, pantry, hard finish; cottage, barn and
outbuildings;. fine apple orchard. 4 acres best
table crapes In county. 4 acres prunes, 20
•o~« fruit all told: walnuts, chestnuts, al-
monds, cherries, peaches. Dears, plums, ber-
ries; balance pasture and farming land; near-
ly level: fine water piped all over place; price
$CO0. S2S00 cash, balance long time, or would
take balance in bay town property or trade
for good farm in the Eastern States. Address
JAS. KILGORE. Bonny Doon, Cal.
FINE stock farm of 620 acres near Marysville:
4S0 «acres wheat. 15 acres garden, berries and
fruits, balance summer fallowed; ¦water right
2000 inches of water goes with place; ditch
Trill cover several thousand acres; water
ripht alcne Is worth price asked for place;
This must be sold to close an estate: price
S2S an acre. Address box 476. Marysville. CaL
BUY in Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops: write us for free
copy "Napa County Viticulturlst." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. CaL
FOCLTRT and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free ltet. C. K. WINFIELD. PeUluma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO KXCHAXGC.
120 ACRES good oil land, together with 62.500
Fhares or quarter interest in oil company Just
organized owning 1C0Q acres— no debts— stock
non-as>sessable. fcr house and lot ' In San
FVencisco. Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley;
trade insures srood position •with company.
Address box S546, Call office,
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL CSTATE.
ALAMi:D.|k and FV-itv-J* bargains for invest-
ors end *ou>e-»tf icrrs : on c%sy terms or ex-
change tor city or country realty.
- SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One cf the finest residences In the city; 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, «tc. : best location; fln-
Ic_e4 in calc. birdseye maple and Carolina .
pi-«; lastly decorated; lot £5x170 feet.
A. R. DENKE,
Webstcr-st. Station. Alameda.
A LAMBDA COTTAGES JFOIt SALE.
FOR tale— Modern cottage. 6 rooms; oath; lot
1*r1U\. ir.1« Mfzart Ft.. Al«m»di. Ma«Uck stn.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCfc— 1118 BkdADWAY.
(I.4KLAM) KEAL ESTATE.
J300 CASH, 120 monthly ; up-to-date, modern 2- '.
etory house of 9 rooms; all conveniences;
large lot. 150 ft. deep, on Fruitvale ave.; no
foes nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
gain; price all told, $27iO; will make terms
to ruit or discount for cash. 455 Seventh st,,
opposite Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner. \
S175 CASH. J1O monthly: new cottage. 3 large
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation; 4
large level lots. &0x256; price all told, J775;
Vlll fence and finish up to eult buyer, or will
rer.t 10Cx2M feet cheap; plenty of water: soil,
climate and view the very best; close to elec-
tric car line and 80-foot wide boulevard, and.
not far from model schoolhouse; no fogs nor
rmw winds here: adjoining East Oakland; 10
buildings gone up already: more coming. CM1
or send for circular. 4^5 Seventh st,. oJ5p.
¦ 3roadway station. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY 7.. JONES, owner.
X. J. SNYDER, Real Estate. •
t<;00 each— Three new modern homes on Tele-
graph ave.. corner of Orchard at.; 8 rooms and
bath: open nickel-plated plumbing: two toilets;
front and back stairs ; these nouses are now in
the course of construction and should be seen
now to realize how firmly they are being'
Will sell on Installments with a reasonable
nevment flown. For further information call
cr address A- J- SNYDER. 467 Ninth St.. Oak-
land.
J8.V0— ALICE St.. Lakeside district; 12-room
residence: large lot; offer considered; owner
mu-t «"»11; see this. LAYMANCE REAL
ESTATE CO.. 460-4C2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A SPECIAL offering— Telegraph ave.; $3000,
coFt $750": fine home. 9 rooms; 59 feet; abso-
lutely <-h" ( c»>pt lrw**tlon: j»uthorlz'*d to sell at :
once. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.. 460- j
4G2 Eighth Ft.. Oakland.
%&zn— SNA I'; modern 2-story, 8-room: porcelain
bath, mantel. 2 toilets; lot 50x140; stable; nice
location, near Grove rt.; must sacrifice; *rolng
««ay: (treat bargain. LATJIANCE RKAL
ESTATE CO.. 460-4S2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A DANKER' S horn* at a pacrlflce; JS5C0. cost
$17,000: offer considered; half block elegant .
prounds; 8-room home; elevated: srrand loca-
tion for one in pocr health: going to Ger- j
many; see at once. LAYMANCE REAL ES-
TATE CO.. 4G0-4C2 Eighth et.. Oakland.
JSOO DOWN' (ur lewO— Pretty Eastlake cottage
of E rooms, bath and hasement; cost S25G0 to .
build, ln-ured tor J1D0O; street complete; i
rtone walks and open lawn; rents for $20, ]
downtown; enly a blork from Broadway.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland. !
OAKLAM) FlKMlThK I-'.»!C v.u,K. j
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the j
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland, j
-
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I iK Steamers leave Broadway
• ¦ -Wharf, San Francisco: . ,
VgS^u;. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
hJ5$S9k_ June 25, 30, July 5. Change to
wG&'_*3Nai»K company's steamers at Seattle.
' lm E_S\*ra For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
E^_3Nj_9l C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
' _jj3_!S_!*__Sm Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea
1 and N ' ew "Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m. , June 25, -30. July 5,
. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change^ at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma for N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
• For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.,
June 28, July 1, 6. 11. 15. 20. 25. 30. August 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.;
Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a.m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura. Hueneme, San Pedro. East San Pedro,
•Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer Corona. Sat-
urdays, 9 a. m. ; Steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays. 9
a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz.' Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— ID a. m., 7th each
month.
• For further Information obtain company's
folders. ' ¦ . -
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
• 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. /?_ St N. CO.
Only Steamship Xjlna to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
potnts East. Through ticket- to all
pcints, all rail or steamshio and rail, at
IjO"WEST HATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails July 2, 12, 22, August 1. 11. 21
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
...Sails June 27. July 7. 17. 27. August 6. 16
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.,1 Montgom'y.S.F.
TOYO RISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p, m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
ES. HONGKONG MARTJ. Saturday. Jun« 22.1901
SS. NIPPON M ARU... Wednesday. July 17, 1M1
SS. AMERICA MARU. Saturday, Aug. 10, 1901
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. ¦
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
A_>A_inf-> Q C Pii " AWM '< 8ABWi NEW
uceanicfr.s.io. a^sa
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti...!
...Wednesday, June 26. 10 a. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only) ;....
: :Saturday, June 29, 2 p. m.
SS. SIERRA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia...
Thursday, July 11. 10 a. nr.
i. D. SPREGKELS k BROS. CO., Busra! Agents; 327 Hariri St
Gen'! Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Piv la. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing' from How-
ard-street wharf No, 3 13 m.
TUCAPEL July 6IACONCAGUA ..July 23
AREQUIPA ....July 10IPERB August T
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Aeapuleo or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.-
BALFOUR, GUTHRIB & CO., Gen. Agenta.
PANAMA R^R/TnT
TO NEW YORK VIA . PANAMA DIRECT.
¦ Cabin. ?105; Steerage, %W.\ ;
S. S. Arfiyjl sails Friday. June 28
8. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, July 15
S. S. Argyll Kalln MoiHav. Au£. 12
' From Sea Wall (Section 1) at 3 p. m.
. Freight and passenger offlce. 330 Market st.
. F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
• Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck July 4| Columbia........ July 13
Deutschland.:...July U|F. Bismarck.. ...Aug. 1
, Twin-Screw^ Passenger Service.
: PLYMOUTH- CHERBOURG— HAMBURG, t
Pretoria ;.. ..:.... July 6|Patricla .........July 20
•Phoenicia July 13lWaldersee July 27"
: ' *SalIs to Hamburjr direct '
Hamburg-American Llnz. 37 B'way. N. Y.
' HERZOO & CO.. General Agenta for Pacific
Coast, ,401 California street. •, .. .
COMPABNIE * 02NERALE TSANSATLAHT1QUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. , ¦_*_»!_»
Sailing' every Thursday, instead of .tf9[5_Q»
Saturday at 10 a. m., from pier 42, mSBM&Qsi
North River, foot of Morton street; La Cham-
pagne, July 4r La Gascogne, July 11; *La Lor-
raine. July 18: La Bretagne. July 23.
• First. class to Havre. J55 and upward. Second
class to Havre, J45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson - buildlnar). New
York. 'J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad, Ticket Agents.
?Twin ' Screw Express Steamers. .
BAY AND RIVER STEAMER&
foTOTnayy yard and
•Steamers- GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:13 and '8:30 p. m., except Sun-*
day..' Sunday,. 9:45 a. m.," 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo ,7 a. m.. .13:30 noon, 6 . p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 d. m. Fare £0
cents. Telephone Main 1308. Landing and of-
fice, pier ;1, Mlt_lon-«t. dock. HATCH BROS.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOIt sale— In Berkeley, near university,' 6 new
modern 'houses; small payment down, balance
same as rent; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
trees on every lot; house ready. to move Into;
water connected; push buttons and electric
fixtures; shades, mantels, bookcases and side-
board; 6. 7 arj3 S rooms, from $2600 up; Brand
marine vlew;*cement walks, porcelain tubs; 2
closets and fences.
Boarding-house, 11 rooms; very small pay-
ment down.
Also some houses to lease; call bet. 9 and 11
a. m.. or by appointment.- "
M. L. -WURTS,
Seventeenth st. and Broadway. Oakland.
NO. 194— $5000; 10-room house; lot 60x120; south
front; finely located. . • . •
No. 170^-$«000; 9-room cottage; lot 53x130; In
the Anest part of town.
No. 1S8— $2650; 6-room house, south front.
beautiful home; a large quantity of oil land In
Kings County. In oil belt, for sale at reason-
able price. . s. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Real Estate and Insurance, opposite First Na-
tlonal Bank. Berkeley. ¦
NEW 6-room ¦cottage, high basement, mantal.'
folding- doors, tiled sink, pantry, electric and
iras fixtures; all the latest open plumbing;
only 2 minutes' walk to railroad station: V,
blork to electric cars; price only $lS00; $100
cash, balance like rent. J. R. PERKINS,
Lorln Station. Berkeley. ' •
NEW 5-room cottage close to station; street
work all done; owner must sell to close es-
tate; this Is going cheap; price only $1250;
$50 cash, balance $13 monthly. J. R. JjER-
KINS. formerly Oellerlch & Perkins, Bbrln
Station. Berkeley. .
FOR exchange— Near university; fine 18-room
bouse: built for boarding house: In the hands
of the right party there Is -a good living In
this. S. S. QUACKENBUSH. Real Estate,
opposite . bank. _^^
ROO3IS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, S39— Floor of 4 or 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; private residence; no -children.
ELEVENTH. 34 — 2 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping. •
FIFTH, 333— Furnished parlors, kitchen, with
bath. $20; also 2, $10, $12; 3, $14; single, $4 up.
FLOOR of 3 unfurnished rooms, with .sunny
back porch. Address branch Call offlce, 100
Eleventh Bt.
FOLSOM. 1293— Fine suite, with kitchen stove
and sink: also single; quiet house; adults.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1211A— A large front
room and kitchen for- light housekeeping in
private family: no children.
GROVE, 14 — 2 large, sunny rooms, kitchen and
j bath: unfurnished. Call bet. 1 and 6 o'clock.
j HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished bay window
suit; man and wife: kitchen: others.
HOWARD. 1546— Kitchen and bedroom furn-
ished; folding bed: porch and yard.
LARKIN; 327. "cor. Golden Gate— Sunny house-
keeping and other rooms; phone and bath.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny front and back double
rooms, $6 and $8; 2 housekeeping rooms, $10.
LEAVENWORTH, ' 1521—2 or 3 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; private family; rent cheap.
NOE, 153— Two pleasant sunny bay-window
rooms; modern cor, flat, gas, bath, grate; $14.
OAK. 119— Large, sunny front furnished house-
kpe. : newly papered; large closet; reasonable.
OCEAN Beach boulevard— Two or three rooms
complete for housekeeping. Inquire 515B
Taylor st.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping: $15 up; reference.
TURK, 809 — Three nicely furnished rooms; gas,
bath: also alcove room & kitchen, unfurnshd.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3728. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms, nice. neat, complete.
VAN NESS, 232 — Housekeeping rooms, complete.
WILLOW ave., 10, off Larkln. nr. Eddy— 2 rms.
fur.; general housekeeping; $12; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. j •
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn, and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms.
23c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— MARKET, 1049A— Nicely furnished suites.
$15 per month up; singles. $3 per month up.
BRANNAN. 723. above 6th— Three nlce_sunny
rooms; rent $S.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FELL. 468— Furnished rooms In private family;
gentlemen; reference required.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 77C%— Neatly furnished bay-window
room to rent; reasonable.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites: single with baths;
transient. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730— Large sunny double
front room; single room, $6; bath; private.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Sunny,
medium-sized room for gent; reasonable: ref.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk st.
nr. Market— New building, elegantly furn.;
Just opened: strictly first class and up-to-date
In all appointments: Inspection invited; must
be eeen to be appreciated: 75c day and up;
special rates by week or, month; references.
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary St.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel: electric light and elevator: un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
in the city; steam heat; private baths: one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOWARD. 1062— Newly furnished sunny front
bay-window room; electric lights; stove. -
HOWARD, 1072j-3 rooms in the rear house;
$8. '
HOWARD, 1613— Furn. front sunny alcove rm..
with kitchen, bath; $15; no children: new flats.
HYDE. 299 — Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath.
JONES. 221— Sunny front bay-window room;
• gentleman preferred; reasonable.
KEARXY. 34. and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. 707. nr. Ellis— Nicely furnished sunny
front room. t6; small flat; private family.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
ttlshed rooms, (2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary-Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private: bath; single rooms $10 up.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk St.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.
METROPOLE, S Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; EOc to $3 per day.
MINNA, 6«7, corner Eighth— Xewly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1275. bet. 8th & 9th— Front or back
parlor; also one smaller room; neatly furn.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec lights; day, week, mo.
POLK, 1533— Largest, sunniest room tor the
money In the city; private.
POWELL. 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rm?., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
ROSEDALE House." 319-321 Ellis et.— Rooms
_nlght, 25c to SI: week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. J8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. '
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 232— The Ottlngton— Few choice
suites and several email rooms; cheap.
TAYLOR. 515B — Handsome parlor suite; piano,
running water, gas, kitchen if desired.
TURK. 126— Furnished room, suitable for a
gentleman, $5 per month.
$1 10 A WEEK; large sunny furnished room;
also front; bath; closet:, private. 834 Folsom.
ROOMS AM) HOARD..
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; - good
service; popular rates. 807 California St.
THE Roanoke, 808 *Bush— New house: newly
furnished: suites with bath; perfect Illumina-
tion: private dining apartment; elevator serv-
ice: cars to ail parts of city within stone's
throw of door. ,
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite and single, with
board.
THE Crocker, 815 Leavenwo* th — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single: excellent cuisine.
FIXE, 100« (The Victor)— New management;
thoroughly renov. ; tunny suites, with board.
HOTEL Repeller, .781 Butter— Newly" furnished;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Lan Pal mas. 1820 Market— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
SUNNY front room, suitable for man and wife,
with board. 70 Ninth it.
¦ . -. .
STATEMENT
OF THE — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY ...
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by tbe
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash 1500.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 1404,379 30
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 836,473 55
Cash Market Value of all Stocks amfl
Bonds owned by Company 807,710 25
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.,... S, 800 00
Cash In Company's Offlce 9.310 51
Cash In Banks 139.038 29
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 90 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonda
and Mortgages 15.348 74
Premiums In due Course of Collection 133.139 87
Interest and Rents due • 7,260 M
Ground rents, well secured. 20.320 00
Rents accrued ¦. 231 23
Total Assets ..............;......:.".*2.477.0«9 CO
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 137.170 40
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ' 82.941 0*
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 5,931 SS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,033,501 92;
reinsurance 50 per cent ' 513,230 98
Gross premiums on Fixe Risks run- %
nlnjr more than one year. J1.012- ¦ •• .
334 18; reinsurance pro rata EC6.9TI U
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 577,377 4C
Total Liabilities '............'..... ..$1,729,708 5S
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 11,303,208 35
Deposit premiums on- perpetual risks. 26.733 45
Received for Interest on Bonds ana
Mortgages 80,377 58
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 40,(60 21
Received for Rents... ;.. 8.854 00
Received from all other sources..... 3,815 43
Total Income : H.433.7CS 93
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- '
eluding .$170,385 32, losses of previous
years) v 1387.738 24
Deposit premiums returned 18,154 37
Dividends to Stockholders 35,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 294.9S9 SS
.Paid for " Salaries. Fees and other >
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 43.100 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taies ..;....;...., 47.833 S3
All other payments and expenditures 174,347 98
Total Expenditures $1,806,218 07
- ==-=_==:
Fir*. •
Losses Incurred during the year $343,455 M
Rl3ks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $138,369,667 $1,637,384 It
Net amount of Risks
during the • • - -¦¦'«¦.-'
year 130.631.410 1.824.128 9J
Net amount In force . • ¦
December 31, 1900 187.413.199 2,050.838 10'
- ~ THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. Prest.
RICHARD MARIS, Sec*y.
Subscribed and sworn to before m. this 1st
day of February, 190L, H. F. REARDON.
Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS.
411-13 California St., San Fndsco, Ca!.
C A. HENRY & CO.,
CITY AGENTS,
215 Sansome Street.
STATEMENT
/ - , -
—OF THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1900. and for the year ending on- that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by ths
Commissioner :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash. $703,873 00
" - ASSETS., "
Real Estate owned by Company $182, S00 00
Loans on Bonda and Mortgages 128,700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 880,896 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 50,000 00
Cash In Company's Offlce 469 48
Cash in Banks 157.197 SS
Interest due and accrued ¦ on all
Stocks and Loans 12.749 SO
Interest due and accrued on Bonds .
and Mortgages 1,813 34
Premiums in due course of Collection 112,231 48
Rents due and accrued (39 23
Total Asset- .$1.507.201 67
UABILnTES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid. $1,296 53
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense «0.«5 48
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 1,875 09
Gross premiums on .Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, I360.6C9 60;
reinsurance 50 per cent 180.304 80
Gross premium on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $663,-
849 61; reinsurance pro rata 348,578 00
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
¦ on perpetual fire insurance policies 103,924 50
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 77 00
Total Liabilities $699,649 30
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums • $884,999 M
Deposit pramiums on perpetual risks . . 14,613 IS
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages .'.." ' 4,529 11
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from .
all other sources *. ............ 44.623 17
Received for Rf-ta „ ».830 00
Received from all other sources 1.112 50
Total Income $761,696 (3
. . -. . • ' EXPENTtlTXTRES. '. -.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $61,894 45, losses of pre-
vious yean) -. .1474,554 51
Deposit premiums returned 4,593 81
Dividends to Stockholders 42.132 30
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ••• 146.882 44
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 72.702 30
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes -• ••-• . ».5O5 84
AU other payments and expendi-
tures -. - 71.911 23
Total expenditures '. $342,344 6 i
' :?yiX:?'il'~ ;':•*-- "' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $475.730 M
"Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year •• $S4.592,824 $1,084,939 73
Net amount of Risks •
expired during the
-year * 79,ttl,16S 996.247 70
Net amount In force
December »1. 1900 1C6.8S6.04S 1.034.559 21
ir-.--' --• CHAS. H. YARNALL, Vice PrestT"
HENRY LYLBURN. Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 21st
day of January, 1901. "•
• BICH'D H. REILLT.
Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-13 California St., San Francisco, Ca!.
ROBERTSON & NIPPERT,
CITY AGENTS,
216 Sansoms Street.
W6B0y Gall $1.00 prYear
the late John T. Brennan and Mrs. Mary E.
Schlam, a native of Ireland," aged 68 -years.
- ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.- (Wednesday)," at 9 o'clock, ; from-, his late
' residence, 3326 Twenty-fifth street, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a; requiem high
mass , will be celebrated for . the repose of,
his soul at 9:30 - o'clock. Interment * Holy
Cross Cemetery. . ' ", ' \ '¦."....¦ '¦ _,'
COLEMAN—In this city, June 22, 1901, John
H. Coleman. a native Of -Ireland, ; aged 65
' years: ¦. ¦'- -. ':.,.¦ ¦¦'. • ' :¦ /¦" ' , : . .
¦ ET'Friends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock," from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, • where a solemn
high mass will be celebrated, commencing at
9:30 ¦ o'clock. . . '¦.' ... ' :
COLTON— In this city, June 24, 1901, Mrs.-
Submit Colton, widow of the late > F. D.
* Colton, and dearly beloved mother of A. O.
Colton and ' Frank L. Colton,- a native of
Vermont, aged 67 years and 2 months. .
IT^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral at the
First Baptist Church, Eddy .street, between
¦ Jones and Leavenworth, to-morrow (Wednes-
day),- at the hour of 2:15 o'clock. Interment
! at Petaluma.
CUSOLLE— In this city. June 23. 1901, Ma-
thlldaV Cusolle, a native of Hamburg," Ger-
many, aced . 72 years.'
DALTON— In this city, June 23, 1901, Margaret
[ M.. beloved wife of Michael M. Dalton, a
native of County Cork, Ireland, aged £2
- years. ¦ • .
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock? from her late resi-
dence, 307 Clementina street, thence to St.
- Patrick' 8 Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. • - ¦
GERCKE— In this city. June 24. 1901, Amelia,
, beloved ..wife of " the late' Charles William
Gercke. I and mother of Mrs. C. H. Ran-
: dall, a native of Flensburg, Germany, aged
68 years 2 months and 11 days. . -.
CTThe funeral will take place Thursday,
June 27. 1S01, at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1926. Howard 'street, between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth. Interment strictly prl-
-vate. Mount Olivet' Cemetery. . ¦ . . ¦:
HABERLAN— In Berkeley, June 23, 1901, Eliza-,
beth Jennett. beloved wife of J. J. Haber-
: Ian, and mother of Francis and Mary Eliza-
beth Haberlan, and daughter of Elizabeth
and the late John Flaker, and sister of Mrs.
B. F. Calhoun and Mrs. M. -C. Frick and
John Flaker, and niece of James ' Black and
the late Daniel and Mary Black, a native of
San Francisco, Cal., aged 24 years 1 month
and 27, days.
: ETFrlends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1731 Addisori street, thence to St. Jo-
• seph's Church, where a^ solemn requiem high
mat's will be celebrated for the repose of her"
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
HIESTER— In this city, June 24, 1901, Lily,
beloved daughter of Honora and the late
Amos C. Hiester.
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2641 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo'a Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing a.% 10 o'clock.
HOLLIS— In this city, June 24, 1901, George
C. Hollis, beloved son of Mrs. S. C. Moore,
and brother of James A. and William A.
Hollis and Celia L. Moore, aged 30 years and
24 days. . , , - .
KENNEDY- In this city, June 23, 1901, Bridget
A., dearly beloved wife of the late Dennis
Kennedy, and loving mother of Mrs. L.
Lynch. Mrs. M. Floyd and Mrs. K. Menton
and Thomas and the late William Kennedy,
. and sister of Mrs. H. Osbome, a native of
Ireland, aged 6S years. (New York papers
please copy.) \
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Cunnor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McCONALOGUE— In this city. June 24. 1901,
Philip, beloved husband of Maggie McCona-
loeue, father of Rosle and Willie McCona-
logue, brother of James and Robert McCona-
logue. and brother-in-law of Thomas and
Michael- Kindergan, a native of Londonderry,'
Ireland, aged 44 years.
McDONALD— In Alameda, June 24, 1901, Mar-
tha McDonald, beloved, wife of 'James R.
McDonald, a .native of South Carolina, aged
51 years 3 months and 3 days. . • •
MCKNIGHT— In this city, June 23, 1901, Peter
McKnlght, father of John, Charles and Lot-
tie McKnisht, and brother of John J. Mc-
Kniprht, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
C^TFniends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday?, at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
'dence, 407 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Flllmore streets,
where a requiem hieh mass will • be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriage.
MOORE— At Greyrocks, Exeter, Cal., June
23, 1901. Frances J. P.. beloved wife of Aus-
tin D. Moore, and mother of Percy P. Moore,
' Mrs. Edward J. Pringle Jr. and Frances H.
Moore, aged 58 years.
' C^Funeral private. •
MACMILLAN— In Oakland, June 24, 1901, Mar-
garet, wife of Hugh Macmtllan, formerly of
Honolulu, a native of England, aged 51 years
and 6 months: * ' ¦ • • .-
• ICTTrlends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of James Taylor, 1211 Clay street,
. Oakland. .. .' .,. . *
MUNOS— In Bollnas, June 24, 1901, Mrs. Ra-
mona Brlones Munos, dearly beloved mother
of Joseph Brlones. Mrs. F. Mesa, Mrs. J. D.
McGovern and the late Pablo Briones and
Mrs. C. A. Lauss, a native of San Diego,
Cal.. a_-ed 107 years.
ETTuneral • services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 11 o'clock; at the Catholic Church,
Bollnas.
MUTH-RASMUSSEN— In Oakland, June 24,
1901.* Charles, beloved son of Laurltz and
Christine Muth-Rasmussen, aged 3 years 5
months and 24 days.
READY— Jn this city, June 22, IDOL A. J.
Ready, _. native of South Carolina, - aeed 31
years. ' • . '
E2~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3:30 o'clock, from. the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REILLY— In this cltyj k June 24. 1901. Sophia,
beloved wife of James J. Rellly, and mother
of Sophia Mabee, Green and Valdub Rellly,
a native of Canada, aged S7 years 2 months
and IS days.
RYAN— A solemn requiem hlch mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late James J. Ryan, who died at Beresford
June 13. at St. Rose's Church. Brannan
street, near Fourth, to-morrow (Wednesday),-
commencing- at 9 o'clock. Friends and ac-
. quaintances. are invited to attend. ¦ • ¦
SIMMONS— In Oakland. June 24, 1901, Mat-
thew, beloved husband of Esther Simmons,
father of Mrs. Mary Howe of Carson City,
Nev., and uncle of Maggie F. and John M.,
Keene, a native of Sharon, N. Y., aced 85
years 5 months and 8 days.
STEIN— In West Berkeley, June 24, 1901, Henry
J. Stein, beloved husband of the late Cath-
arine Stein, and father of Mrs. C. Hoff, Mrs.
T. A. Peckham; Henry C. Stein and the late
Mrs. A. L. Byier, a native of Herfort, Ger-
many, aged 70 years 7 months and 22 days.
C7Remalns at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street.
SULLIVAN— In this city, June 24, 1901. Mary
Ann, beloved wife of Bartholomew Sullivan
(nee Canty), a native of the parish of Des-
ert, County Cork, Ireland.
"ttSTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
TAPPAN— In this city. 'June 23, 1901, Mildred
Daniel Tappan, a native of Newport, Ky.,
aged 65 years and 5 days. (Cincinnati, Ohio,
and MemDhls, Tenn., papers please copy.)
t_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her ' niece. Mrs. R. • C. Miller, 1920 Baker
street. ¦ Cremation private. . , .
WEED— In this city, June-24, 1901, at his resi-
dence, 1317 Sacramento street, Merritt H.
Weed, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 62
years. 'j - . .
WILCOX— In this city, June 24, 1901, after a
long Illness, Joseph R. Wilcox, beloved
- brother of John W. Wilcox, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 76 years and 1 month. (Marl-
posa, Cal.. 1 and Frankfort. Ky., papers please
¦ copy.) , : ¦ • : ¦ '
ICT'Funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock, from his late residence, 2337 Mis-
sion street, thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery
. for cremation.' Please omit flowers.
CARD OF THANKS.
To our many friends, who gave so many
evidences of their heartfelt sympathy, and
floral offerings, we desire to express our sin-
cere thanks. -
-MR. AND MRS. VON STADEN I
BALTZER AND LOUIS REPP,
- ¦¦' ' ' • ¦¦-
From - New York Every . Wednesday, 1_ noon
Kensington ....".'July 3 Pennland .......July 24
•Zeeland ¦...¦..:.. July 10 Southwark. .:.... July 31
Frlesland' '.....:. July 17 »Vaderland ..August 7
'•Stop at 'Cherbourg,; eastbound." '
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
/ . CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery et
: RED STAR LINE.
New -York and. Antwerp.
Stopping \ at Cherbourg, westbound. .
From New c York Every .Wednesday, 10 ¦ a. m.
St. Paul. ....... ..July lC*St. -Louis..... August 14
St. Louis.;..... ..July 17 Phlladelphla..Ai4gust 21
8t. Paul..... .August 7'St. Paul...... August 23
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW^ YORK. ' SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON/ PABI8L
ADVERTISEMENTS.Tleclianic Whose Clothing Caught in
Belt Battered to Death Against
v^ Heavy Rafters.
Philip " McConologue, a motonnan em
ployed at the Union Iron "Works, met
death in a tragic manner while at work
yesterday afternoon. His clothing became
entangled In. the belting of a- punching:
machine, hoisting him to the ceiling and
battering his life out ' against the heavy
timbers.
The employes who witnessed -the affair
stood aghast as their, unfortunate fellow
workman was battered against the tim
bers and shaf tins until life was extinct.
The- body was released as quickly as pos
sible and the Coroner's office notified.
McConologue resided with his wife and
two children at 940 Bryant street. He was
42 years -of age and had been employed
at the Union Iron Works "for some time.
MOTORMAN LOSES IJJE
AT UNION mON" WORKS
change of San Francisco will hold a meet
ing next Thursday afternoon to adopt by
laws and an address to the public. In tha
latter the facts concerning the new organ
ization will be set forth, it being desired
to Increase the membership largely. The
directors have framed an address, which
will be submitted, together -with by-laws,
to the meeting of the exchange for consid
eration. The directors met yesterday af
ternoon in reference to these matters.
CAPTAIN EUGENE T. WILSON.
Artillery Corps, U. s. A., and aid
de camp to General Shafter, sev
ered his connection with the De
partment of California yesterday
and left for Alaska, ¦where he will spend
a three months' furlough granted him by
the War Department. When his leave ex
pires he will report at Fort Flagler.
Waj-h.. and assume command of his bat
tery.
Captain Wilson has long been known as
one of the most efficient and popular army
officers on duty at the Phelan build-
Ing. News of his departure will prove a
In addition to his duties as aid de camp
Captain Wilson was Inspector of small
arms practice and artillery inspector of
the department.
' Captain Wilson has since his connection
with headquarters been called upon to
temporarily perform, the duties of many
officers . pending the arrival of their re
liefs. In every instance he has proved
hinrself equal to the occasion. He has a
brilliant record as a field officer, having
served through the entire Cuban cam
paign -with General Shafter. His knowl
edge of military law has made him an
invaluable assistant to the various judge
advocates who have been connected with
the department. On more than one occa
sion he has performed the duties of judge
advecate.
source of regret to those whom the cap
tain, has met in the discharge of the va
ricus duties devolving upon the aid of the
cemmanding general.
GENERAL SHAFTER'S POPULAR
AID WHO HAS BEEN GRANTED
THREE MONTHS' LEAVE.
Next Week.
The Doric, which will arrive from the
Orient on the 29th inst. wiil bring home
Mrs. Hugh Tevis, who left here. so short
a time ago a bride on her honeymoon,
and with her will come the ashes of her
husband, who died. in Japan only a few
weeks after the marriage.
The fact that the body of Hugh Tevis
has been cremated will cause a great deal
of surprise, for it was generally believed
that when it arrived there would be an
autopsy to satisfy the family and rela
tives of the real cause of death. Reports
from Japan as to the nature of the ill
ness that proved fatal have been so
meager that an autopsy was thought to
be advisable, but the cremation makes
any further investigation Impossible
Mr. and Mrs. Baxter, the mother and
father of the young widow, have started
from Denver, so as to be here when she
returns.
The most reliable report from Japan
.was that Hugh Tevis died from an opera
.ion made necessary by an acute attack
of appendicitis. His brother. Dr. Harry
Tevis. declares that the family Is satis
fied this report is correct. ¦
Widow Returning With His Ashe3
on Steamer Doric, Due Here
BODY OF HUGH TEVIS \/p ¦
HAS BEEN CREMATED
The small building on Howard street,
next to the malt house, which was used
as a hop storeroom, was not burned, but
a considerable portion of its contents was
damaged by water. -~ •
• W. A. Frederick, president of the Jack
son Brewing Company, said he was at a
loss to explain the cause of the fire. Men
were working in the building at the time,
but they also could not tell the cause of
the blaze. Mr. Frederick said the malt
house was insured for $10,000. It was
filled from floor to roof, with grain, on
which he had an insurance of several
thousand dollars. . ; . ¦ ¦ .
Thirty head of horses and a number of
trucks and drays, the property of F. • M.-
Barrett, .were - saved from the flames
which threatened at any moment to en
velop the stable in the rear of- the drying
house. . . ¦
"A stiff breeze was- blowing and only
through the heroic efforts of the firemen
was the fire confined to the brewery prem
ises and a 'disastrous conflagration pre
vented. -.
Adjoining the kiln was a large wooden
structure in which was stored tons of mult
and barley. The fire communicated to this
building and its contents.-' The blaze burn
ed so fiercely that three alarms v/ere turn
ed in. The inflammable condition of the
buildings in the- immediate vicinity ren
dered.this a wise precaution. . "v, -¦
• — ~ — * - ':'¦¦' "v -
Prompt Work by Department
Prevents a Disastrous
¦<"¦ . Conflagration.
Fire broke out in the malt-drying kiln
of the Jackson Brewery, Eleventh and
Howard street, shortly after 1 o'clock this
morning and destroyed fully $25,000 worth
of property.
Causes Loss of Fully
$25,000.
Fire in Jackson Brewery
FLAMES DESTROY
BIG MALTHOUSE
Popular Aid to General Shafter Will Join His
Battery on Expiration ol His- Leave.
CAPTAIN WILSON GOES
TO ALASKA ON FURLOUGH
SPECIAL POLICEMAN WHO IS IN. CUSTODY, ; CHARGED . WITH BUR
GLARY. IT IS ALLEGED HE STOLE OVER 3000 CIGARS. WHICH HE
DISPOSED OF FOR HALF THEIR VALUE. < - - • •
Domestic Disappears.
• Mrs. : Ella ¦ Kellog, a domestic employed
at '321 Ellis street, ..disappeared from her
residence on ..Mission street Saturday
morning. Her friends fear that she has
taken her own life.
Public sentiment in British Columbia
against Asiatic competition- is so strong
that the head tax on Chinese laborers go-
Ing into that country has been increased
from $50 to $100, and there is a growing
demand that it be increased to $500.. ..
During his recent visit to San Diego, by
request of the department, he found that
an attempt was being made: to land a
of coolies there by the same, gang
of Importers that is working In. San •'Fran
cisco to evade the provisions •. of ¦ the [ ex
clusion act. • ¦ •
James R. Dunn, Chief of the Chinese
Bureau at this port, returned yesterday
from his northern trip and resumed his
duties In this city. During his absence
of several "weeks, by order of the. Secre
tary of the Treasury, he visited the ports
of Tacoma, Seattle, Port Townsend and
Portland, examining into the methods
pursued by customs officials in handling
cases of Chinese immigrants and in en
forcing the exclusion act. •
The principal object of his Investigations
was to suggest to the department a uni
form mode of procedure and a uniform
system of passing upon Chinese immi
grant cases. He . found that the collec
tors in the ports visited by him were In
many cases more strict in their require
ments as to evidence, etc.. than the Chi
nese Bureau at this port, in many in
stances eight out of ten cases coming be
fore them being denied. Chief Dunn also
found an active public sentiment against
the aggressive competition of coolie labor
and a popular demand that none of the
excluded classes should be admitted.
Collectors of Northern
Ports Strictly En
forcing Law.
STRONG FEELING
AGAINST COOLIES
The report of the detectives satisfied
Captain Seymour that the burglar was
the same one who operated in the West
era Addition about two weeks ago I and
stole silverware valued at several thou
sand dollars. He touches nothing but the
costliest articles,' which leads the police
to believe that" he is an" expert silver
smith, i - -
The robbery was discovered by a ser
vant, who noticed the marks of the "jim
my"' on the sideboard. She informed Mr.
Bruguiere of his. loss. Captain Seymour
was notified and Detectives Harper and
Armstrong were detailed on the case.
The burglar secured an entrance by bor
ing a number of holes in the door, making
an aperture large enough to admit his
hand, and then, enable him to pull back
the bolt.
The unusually successful burglar who
operated in the Western Addition several
weeks ago and who, the police thought,
had left the city, is again at work. Some
time between the hours of 2 and 3 o'clock
5'esterday morning the residence of E. A.
Bruguiere, at 1800 Franklin street, was en
tenecr and 106 pieces of sllverware~valued
at more than J2000, taken.
Housebreakers Again at
* Work in "Western
Addition.
BURGLAR STEALS
COSTLY SILVER
' Go .where you" will the best saloons sell Jesse
Moore \ Whiskey. ' - . . i'- % ; - :•.
' A police officer will be sent 1 to I Chicago
thl3 morning to. bring to this city.for trial
Walter Falling, who is accused? of;forg"
ing a check on Du Val &¦ Co.," by whom
he was formerly employed. , The check
was for $500 and was drawn on tbe Bank
of California and cashed.- ' . .
Walter Failing' 1 Arrested.
PREPARING TO ENFORCE
COMPTJXSORY EDTTCATIOK"
School Hours Will Not Be Length
ened Because of Abolishment of
Home Study.
The Board of Education is preparing to
enforce the compulsory education law and
in a few days a plan will be formulated
to carry its provisions Into effect... As
outlined several months' ago in ~ The Call
the board will endeavor, by moral suasion
rather than by force, to induce
parents to send their children to
school. . It is intended to appoint
a competent :. person, whose duty it
will be to make a' 'circuit of the
congested districts and report the . exist
ing conditions to the board. There will
be no truancy : school established, but an
effort will be made to "round up" the
absent ones. The plan will be tried as an
experiment for six months. ,
President Kincald stated yesterday that
the hours of school will not be lengthened
because; of the, abolition of home; study
Teachers will be Instructed to divide their
classes • into two sections, one • for > study
and the other for the regular/work, and
the pupils will alternate in each. .
Whlttaker to arrest Collins." He was found
patrolling his beat in the wholesale dis
trict and taken Into custody.
Collins, ,who was under the influence of
liquor when arrested, denied that he had
sold the cigars to the saloon-keeper.
I "He's a liar if he says I did," he roared.
."I don't even know the fellow."
: Berdy. however. Is equally as positive
that Collins is the man who sold him the
cigars. '
During the past few weeks the same
wholesale houss has been entered on sev
eral occasions and over 7000 choice cigars
stolen. Captain Seymour is satisfied that
Collins is the culprit.; It is presumed that
he- secured a -key to the factory and en
tered when he pleased.
•-This is not. the first time that Collins
has. been in, trouble. 'Some time ago he
unmercifully beat a citizen named C. Kol
lock with the butt end of his revolver
breaking his nose and cutting his head in
several . places. He was -arrested at the
time but was subsequently released, as
his victim, out of commiseration for Col
lins' family,* refused to.prpsecute.
The resolution directing the Treasurer
to keep the "telephone ' service ¦ fund',' in
tact pending the decision of the court
that is now trying the question of, the ob
ligation of the telephone company to pay
its. license taxes was adopted . by 'the
Board of. Supervisors yesterday. Similar
action -was taken with a j resolution de
ferring the payment i of r demands aggre
gating $1175 for service furnished; by- the
Pacific States Telephone Company < until
such: time as it meets. its obligations in
the matter of the payment of certain,li
cense taxes .prescribed . by . ordinances.
During the. discussion on the first resolu
tion'^the big corporation, came in for a' se
vere scoring. . . - • ' "
" Sutro" declined to answer a question put
by Mayor Phelan as to whether .the'com
pany would pay. its - franchise \ tax this
year without protest. Sutro contended
that the board had no right to ¦ pass : an
ordinance compelling the company ; to
limit-the- number of subscribers on a par
ty line., to five. . - > • - . - ¦¦-
:¦ An /ordinance providing for the pay
ment" of • teachers'; old claims: out of the
Burplus fund was passed. to print.
The petition of E. P. Troy ;tu require the
Sutter-etreet Railway- Company to. use the
Market-street Railway Company's | tracks
on Market street, in order to allow a ter
minus for the proposed Geary-street mu
nicipal railroad at the ferry, was referred
to / the Public , Utilities Committee. : Troy
in a lengthy : communication . states that
the charter was originally framed to al
low, the use of ten blocks of track by an
other.railway company, both sharing the
expense of the paving. -.but through the
machinations of . some one unknown: the
distance; was .changed' to. read "five
blocks.". Another ~ section had ; been pre
viously, adopted . to ¦ compel the^owners of
two, or. more reads "using the same street
for-any distance- to: use the same tracks,
which would permit the Sutter-street road
to • use the Market-street cable tracks. - v* ¦
' The 'petition of property owners - for . the
repaving of Sixth street, between Market
and -' Mission, 1 was referred " to : the Street
Committee. - - •, ¦ - \ ., - - .-.:
Telephone Company Is
\ Rebuked for Evading
Obligations. %
BOARD SCORES
A CORPORATION
MAT COLLINS, a special : police
officer, is locked up in the City
Prison with a charge of bur
glary recorded opposite . his
name.
Last Friday night Collins, it is claimed,
entered the wholesale cigar house of Ri
naldo Bros. & Co., Sacramento and Bat
tery streets, and stole about 32501 cigars.
The following day he; sold the cigars to
A. Berdy. who conducts a saloon at 123
Front street, for about one-half their
wholesale price.
Yesterday morning a private detective
who was working on the case found a
young man trying to dispose of a portion
of the stolen cigars. "When asked where
he had obtained the weeds he said that
they had been given him by Berdy, the
saloon-keeper, to sell. The detective sub
sequently: interviewed Berdy. and he ad- '
mltted that he bad bought the cigars from
Collins.
.Captain Seymour was then consulted,
and he sent Detectives McMahon and
The final contest Letween the childre\i
of the late James G. Fair and the trustees
under his will for the possession of the
personal property left _by the deceased,
now valued at more than $6,000,000, will be
opened before Judge Troutt this morning.
A petition was filed yesterday afternoon
by James S.« Angus, Thomas G. Croth
ers and "W. S. Goodfellow, as executors
of the will of the late James G. Fair, in
which they ask judgment of the court de
claring their ninth account to be their final
account as executors, and that following
the settlement of the same "tfce court
issue a decree distributing the residue of
the estate remaining in the hands of the
executors to those entitled to the same
under the law." • .
Charles L. Fair, Theresa A. Oelrichs and
Virginia Vanderbilt, children of the de
ceased, claim the right to the residue re
maining in the hands of the executors un
der the decision of the Supreme Court de
claring the trust provisions of decedent's
will invalid. On the other hand, Angus,
Crothers and Goodfellow, as trustees un
der decedent's will, contend that the deci
sion of the Supreme Court did not declare
null and void those trust provisions under
which they as trustees held the personal
property. Hence their petition for distri
bution as executors is to secure, if pos
sible, a distribution to them as trustees
In their petition the executors state that
on February 8, 1898, the value of the estate
was $12,228,998 07. but has Increased in
value to upward of $17,000,000. They ask
that In the settlement of the final account
the court allow \ them in addition to the
commissions allowed by law for- their
services as executors an increase on the
basis of one-half of the commissions al
lowed by law for extraordinary service.
The. matter of the settlement of the
account and" petition for. distribution will
be orgued before Judge Troutt this morn
ing. Counsel representing the children of
the deceased are confident that the court
will order the distribution of the residue
to decedent's heirs-at-law and are equally
confident that such a decision "will be fol
lowed by an appeal to the Supreme Court
on behalf of the executors which' will tie
the estate up for at least another year.
Ask for Final , Distribu
tion of Personal
Property.
FAIR TRUSTEES
FILE PETITION
New Exchange Makes Progress.
The . directors of Uhe Merchants' Ex-
A bargain sale— Three pairs of black,
seamless ladies' hose, worth $1; for 25c at
Pioneer Drygoods ; Store.: 105 Fifth street*
Isaac Burnham Pegg has petitioned the
Superior Court for permission to change
his name to Herbert C. Walsingham. un
der which name he has done considerable
writing. ¦ Mr. Peggr honestly asserts that
his name has subjected him to ridicule
and shame, while only honor clings to the
name Herbert C. Walsingham, which ne
would adopt.
Wants Another Name.
;* A resolution directing every department
to "reader to 'the 'Mayor a, full report of
all; the operations * for the year ending
June 30, 1901, was adopted. ¦
? Assessor. Dodge was directed to transmit
a .verified - report, separate from the as
sessment roll, r containing a complete list
of all persons who refused or. neglected to
furnish " a ; statement \ of their ' property, as
provided "in : section " 3633 of the Political
Code., -
Demands for $37,118 67 were ordered
drawn on the surplus fund to return John
Mackay ., and R. V. Dey protested taxes,
conditional on their paying certain taxes
,due for 1S98 and 1899. •
The. reauest ot the Board of Works to
be granted permission to expend $25,000 in
the erection of a three-story brick build-
Ing on the fire department lot on Howard
street, between Third and Hunt streets,
to be used as an 1 rehouse, was referred to
the Fire Committee.
1 The ordinance removing the limitation
on the height of buildings on streets more
than 100 feet in width and providing re
strictions on streets of lesser width was
defeated. The bill will be. redrafted with
restrictive provisions and submitted again
to the board. .
>._ Total ;.;.;. :.•;.....¦.¦.: :.....:. ....$i.g762
| The ordinance extending the time for a
period -'of ninety days from "June -27,' 1901,
In which* the Bay and Coast, Railway]
Company, shall have expended the sum of
$25,000 in! the construction of its railroad
tracks; was finally passed. •
•-¦ Tho Board : of • Supervisors yesterday
fixed the tax rate for the next fiscal year
at $1.0762 on every. $100 of assessed valua
tion, based on. an estimated assessment
roll; of $405,000,000. The . segregated Items
of the rate, which will raise sufficient rev
enue to \ run : the affairs at the municipal
government for one year, rollow:
General fund ..¦...'.... S84M
Firemen's relief fund !.'" - U044
School fund ;„.; [., 'l316
Library „ fund • 'oi50
Park fund ..,....-...........; .... ..;!.... ' 070C
Interest account park improvement bonds
¦ 1S74-75 0037
Sinking fund account . park Improvement "
¦ bonds 1874-75 ;.. .0023
Rate to Raise the City's
Revenue Fixed at \
$1.0762.
BOARD ADOPTS
NEW TAX LEVY
The merchants of Manila are trying very
hard to find. one Joseph J. Drummond. His
accounts are said to be shy to the extent
of over $12,000 and If he is caught his cred
itors will make it hot for him. Telling all
his friends he was going Into the country,
he slipped aboard the steamship Alrlie
and when last heard from was at Hong
kong and heading for San Francisco.
Drummond went to the Philippines In
1S98 as a member of the First California
Volunteers. He was mustered out in 189&
and opened a canteen. Later he- was man
ager of -the Reception saloon and grill
rooms and last December he went into the
canteen business again. . The largest sin
gle loss by his disappearance was $3500. '
Another firm lost $2000 and a third 5300.
When the Grant left 'Manila an attempt
was being 1 made to - stop Drummond at
Hongkong by cable. ,
The engineers : who went from here to
man the hospital ship Relief are having
trouble with Uncle Sam over their trans
portation: back- to America. They went
down as cabin passengers, but now their
¦time has expired the authorities are try
ing to send them back- in the same quar
ters as the discharged soldiers. The men
refused to sail on the Kintuck and First
Assistant McFuley is coming home on the
Thomas, having shipped as a plumber
Second : Assistant ' Pegg and Third , Assist
ant Rice are also working their way home
and at the, same time saying hard things
about Uncle Sam. : ,
Major Pickett* will remain in San Fran
cisco a few days and will then proceed
east. ¦ . . .. *
Early In April last Lieutenant Walls of
the Forty-ninth Infantry captured one of
the Insurgents after a sharp skirmish.
The captured man proved to be a dispatch
bearer and had a number of very valuable
ordtrs on his person. One of the letters
stated that Major Pickett's party had
killed over fifty of the insurgents in the
fight of March 9, and said that had it not
been for the gallant stand made by the
Americans they would all' have been killed
and the money captured. It was the in
tention of the rebels to have waylaid the
major in a canyon two miles from where*
the fight took place, but owing to the es
cort being half an hour ahead of time the
Filipinos' plains were frustrated. In the
canyon the insurgents would have lined
the hills and occupied the treetops and
not one of the party would have been left
to tell the tale. ,
"While the fighting was fast and furious
Myrom M. Cody, of the Sixteenth Infantry
and William Cox,, one of the civilians,
volunteered to go and bring th.e mules
and the money back to camp. Permission
being granted, they crept down the slope
and on coming to the open made a rush
and secured the animals. Then in the
face of the entire rebel force they brought
the mules and the cash back into camp.
Major Pickett describes that as one of the
bravest feats he ever saw- performed
Finding that the handful of men com
manded 1 the situation, the Filipinos finally
withdrew and Major Pickett and his men
reached Cordon.
Major Pickett had $75, COO packed on the
back of mules and ten men under Corporal
Hocker to guard It. There were four men
to drive the mules and two civilians
named Burger and Cox were with the
party. The Filipinos knew that the money
was on the way and the 300 men lay in
ambush ¦ to Intercept the ¦ convoy. About
hakf the distance to Cordon had been trav
ersed when the ambush was sprung.
Corporal Hocker was shot in the throat
and died in Major Pickett's arms. Pay
Clerk Oliver was shot In the leg and sev
eral others were slightly wounded. The
mules were stampeded but took refuge
near a clump of trees, and the fire of the
Americans was so deadly that not a Fili
pino could ' get near the animals. A de
tachment of the enemy was sent to out
flank Major Pickett, but he got his men
on another eminence and still commanded
»the situation.
It was In March last that Major Plckett
had his closest call. He was on his way
from Solano to Cordon to pay off the Six
teenth, Twenty-fourth and Forty-ninth
infantry, when he was held up by 300 Fili
pinos and every one of the little band of
Americans nearly lost the number of his
mess. •
Among .those who came home from the
Philippines on thes transport Grant yester
day were Major George E. Plckett and his
clerk, John V. Oliver. The major is a son
of the famous General Pickett and a fight
er from the word go.' He went from New
York. to Manila by the way of Suez and
on his arrival was appointed paymaster of
the army. During his year of service he
has had to take many chances in "going
from post to post, but the Filipinos never
got a cent of his cash-
Details of Paymaster
Pickett's Fight With
Insurgents.
THRILLING TALE
OF AMBUSCADE
THE SA'N FRANCISCO CAT^L, TTJESDAY, JTJNE 25, 1901.
Accused of Stealing Several Thousand Gigars From
Rinaldo Bros. & Go.— Charged With Burglary.
SPECIAL POLICE OFFICER
COLLINS BEHIND BARS
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OOPYMGHT l»0» IT THE PROCTER A GAMILC CO. CIKqNHATI
rF^lHOICE bed sets in Irish point lace,
'$§k or tamboured, embroidered . muslin,
tllll should be washed with Ivory Soap
to preserve their beauty. If' they are of an .
ecru tint, a little strong coffee should be
added to the rinsing water. The vegetable I
oils of which Ivory Soap is made fit it for
many special uses, for. which other soaps
are unsafe and unsatisfactory*
IVORY SOAP IS 99<XcoPER CENT. PURE.
. A^.SttvxVK.TQ\Vor\\Nq Co.
fa ififrri/
A WEEK
We put individuality into
the suits we maRe for gentle-
men— tlje sort of individual-
ity tbat distioguisbes the
wearer as a correct dresser.
There can be found no better"
tailoring nor better fabrics
than we turn out on the
weekjy payment plan.
1128-132 Ellis Str5ai\Frantlscc
r^|^^/ No More
I "VANVR00M"
it PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS,
|| 1001 MARKET, Cor. 6th.
C*a W Jtif 3 t| Em
World Famous Mariani Tonic
"Unequaled in cases of Nervous De-
pression, Melancholy, Brain Exhaus-
tion, Fatigue and -Sleeplessness."
"Nourishes, strengthens, sustains, re-
freshes." -
Air Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
DR.MCNULTI
THIS WfcCG-ITXOWN AND RFXIABLE OLD
Specialist eMrejDlood Poison. Uonorrh<ea,G1«et.
-Stricture-, H?rn!im! Weakness. Im potence and tbeir
allied DJsor'Sers. Itool: on Diseases of Men, free.
O ve rCOyearV experience. Ternn reasonable. Honr*,
9toSdai!y;6:a)to8.30ev'gs. San(iHVs.l0to 12. C»nscl-
tationfree&nd3acredl7 confidential. Can or address
P. ROSCOE jJIcXUI/TY, 31. D.
~Gii J^earny St., San JETranriffcft.Cs!-
jfi^' iW^& CANDY CATHARTIC ¦ at
Genuine stamped CCC Never sold In hulk
. Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
•draethin3 "just as good.