VOLUME XC— NO. 154.
WARLIKE PLANS OF FRANCE IN ORDERING CAILLARD'S SQUADRON TO TURKEY
APPEAR TO BE MODIFIED BY SUDDEN RETURN OF THE VESSELS TO TOULON
PARIS, Oct. 31. — Late to-night the following dispatch was received from Toulon: "The complete Mediterranean squadron returned to Toulon this evening and anchored in the roadstead." This would include Admiral
Caillard's division, whose departure has thus either been countermanded or postponed. If the dispatch be correct, it would imply that the Government has received news from Constantinople since morning, which has not
yet been divulged, and which has induced a change of plan. \
It is reported that Admiral Caillard has been ordered to cruise within reach of a dispatch boat to-day for further instructions, and it is significant that the torpedo-boat Hallebardo left Toulon at full speed
during the afternoon to rejoin the squadron.
A dispatch from Toulon to the Figaro confirms the report of the return of the entire squadron, arit] adds that Admiral Caiilard's division is still held in readiness to sail at a moment's notice. Editorially the
Figaro and other morning papers express surprise at this perplexing and unexplained move after the dispatch of Admiral Caillard to the Levant has been officially announced. The Marseilles correspondent of the Matin says
the return was due to the fact that the squadron was supplied with only two days' rations.
FULL RANSOM
OR NOTHING,
SAY BRIGANDS
'Captors of Miss Stone
Decline to Reduce
the Demand.
Sublime Porte Protests That
It Ie Not Respon
sible.
Missionary* Companion and a Child
Are Again Heported to Have
Died in Their Mountain
Prison-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
XV., WASHINGTON. Oct. 31.— Despite
the efforts of the American officials and ;
missionaries to convince the brigands
holding Miss Stone captive that it is im
possible to raise a ransom of 5110,000, the
latter have thus far declined to reduce
their demand by a single dollar.
While this is a discouraging feature of
• he Stone case, the fact that negotiations
ire.ftlll in P/o»ress.glves.hope > , that, the i
s.bductors will "'finally agreV to'**«le*is«S
the woman upon the payment of the $65,
00 on hand. Secretary Eddy of the Amer- j
Jean legation at Constantinople has been
advised that there is no likelihood of any
considerable addition being made to the
simount collected. Through missionaries
•irho are in communication with the brig
ands this information has been conveyed
to them. It was stated by a high official
to-day that the Turkish Government has
Ijiven assurances that until Miss Stone is
liberated no military movement will be
made against the brigands.
Turkey Now Explaining.
In connection with the explanation of
¦:he Sublime Porte cabled to-day from
Constantinople that it is not responsible
for the abduction of Miss Stone the au
thorities say that the question of the
responsibility of either Turkey or Bul
garia has not been fully determined and
they reiterate that the collection of evi
dence to support a claim for reparation
will not be prosecuted until Miss Stone
has secured her freedom. ¦
At this moment the view of the officials
Is that while Miss Stone was seized on
Turkish territory the brigands who ef
fected her capture are Bulgarians, and a
• suspicion is entertained that behind the
brigands were the Macedonian committfe
and Bulgaria. It is this suspicion that
is responsible for the belief at one time
prevailing that Miss Stone's release would
be secured without the payment of a ran
eom, the political motive — of stirring
up trouble between the United States and
Turkey — been productive of no re-
BUlt.
Companion Reported Dead.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 31— is
again rumored that Mme. Tsilk, the com
panion of Miss Stone, and her child Cborn
since her capture by the brigands) are
dead.
The Turkish Government is preparing
to resist the anticipated demand of the
United States for the repayment of the
ransom necessary to secure the release
of Miss Ellen M. Stone. The Porte re
pudiates all responsibility for the kidnap
ing of Miss Stone, and maintains that the
United States has no claim against Tur
key, and that, therefore, the latter is
Justified in refusing to recoup the United
States for the money expended in her
rescue.
Claims Will Be Resisted.
A high Turkish official said this morning
•that the Turkish resistance of any claims
•would be based upon the contentions, first,
that Miss Stone, although warned of the
dangers of the road, persisted In travel
ling; second, that she did not notify the
authorities of her intention, in order to
obtain an escort, which precaution even
•he foreign Consuls always take when
•traveling in such outlying, insecure dis
tricts of the empire, and third, that the
'brigands who kidnaped Miss Stone and
:tier companion were Bulgarians; that the
coup ¦was planned in Bulgaria and that
sanctuary was found In Bulgarian ter
ritory. - •"?•• - - • ¦ . •'¦ fi*A 1 -*'-~.
No Freedom for a Week.
LONDON. Nov. "Miss Stone's re
ease Is not likely to be effected within a
¦ireek." says a despatch from Sofia to the
Dally Telegraph. "Mr. Dickinson, in the
name of the United States Government,
has given assurance that neither the re
, celver* of the ransom ' nor Miss Stone's
v gulden will be prosecuted. He asserts
that Turkey agreed a fortnight ago to
reimburse the ransom." '
The San Francisco Call.
WARSHIPS ARE UNDER SEALED INSTRUCTIONS TO BOMBARD
IF THE SULTAN RESISTS COLLECTION OF CUSTOMS RECEIPTS
PARIS, Oct. 31.— The officials of the
Foreign Office confirm the report
that a squadron of the French
Mediterranean fleet, composed of
three battleships and two cruisers,
under the command of Admiral Caillard,
has proceeded from Toulon to the Levant
to make a naval demonstration against
Turkey.
A Foreign Office official, in communicat
ing the foregoing, said:
"The squadron sailed with sealed or
ders and proceeds first to a Greek port,
the island of Syria, I think, where the
admiral will receive definite instructions
as to carrying out his sealed orders. I
am not at liberty to say what the sealed
orders avii btit the seizure of customs at
Smyrna would be a very effective way of
convincing- the Sultan that France's pa
tience is exhausted and that we have de
cided to enforce an immediate settlement
of the Turkish Government's engage
ments. We, however, are very hopeful
that the Sultan will not compel us to go
to that extreme.
Would Have to Bombard.
"Our squadron will not reach the Greek
port before Sunday. The Turkish Gov
ernment has thus still three days' grace
and we trust in the meantime to receive
complete satisfaction. We have act^d
very considerately toward Turkey, hoping
up to the last moment that she would
carry out her engagements, and It Is only
now, when we find that there is no serious
inaication of her doing so, that we have
reluctantly resolved to put stronger pres
sure to bear in the shape of a naval dem
onstration. It is now two months since
the French Embassador, M. Constans, left
Constantinople. His departure failed to
produce the desired effect. On the con
trary, even the Tubini question, which
was settled by the Sultan's irade, remains
unadjusted.
"The internal situation in the Turkish
empire deterred us for some time from
taking drastic measures to enforce our
demands; but the dignity of France could
not permit the present state of affairs to
be prolonged indefinitely. We sincerely
hope the Sultan will fully appreciate the
fact that we cannot any longer be trifled
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
with and relieve us from taking further
steps to safeguard our interests."
The official was asked what would hap
pen in the event of the French squadron
being ordered to seize the customs and if
the Turkish authorities resisted, and he
replied:
"That is a very unlikely contingency,
but if it occurs I suppose we shall have
to. bombard that port. We do not want
bloodshed, -and I do not believe there will
be any occasion for it."
France Upheld by Russia.
The decision to make a naval demon
stration against Turkish ports was taken
at a meeting of the Cabinet Tuesday at
which M. Delcasse, the Minister of
Foreign Affairs, explained the Sultan's
procrastination regarding the French de
mands.
Admiral Gaillard's squadron consists of
the armcred cruisers Admiral Pothuaw,
Chanzy and La Touche-Treville, the sec
ond-class cruisers Dv Chayla and Cassard
and the third-class cruiser Gallilee. The
crews aggregate 2286 men, but the vessels
will also carry landing parties.
The newspapers approve the Govern
ment's •decision. The Journal dcs Debats
says:
"Every one at Constantinople and the
other capitals must be aware that France
and Russia are completely in accord in
this matter. Under these circumstances it
is difficult to believe that the Ottoman
Government will not come to its senses
and, recognizing Its error before it is too
late, relieve us of the necessity of using
other means than those of diplomacy and
courteous discussion."
La Liberte remarks that the fact that
Admiral Galllard has embarked 2000
marines is a warning to the Porte that
France will not stop before a slight show
of resistance, but will go to the end, even
though war should ensue.
Germany Strictly Neutral.
BERLIN, Oct. SI.— A diplomatist said
to-day in regard to France's naval demon
stration In the East:
"Germany will observe a 6trictly neu
tral attitude, but would prefer that the
Sultan should give way if a naval demon
stration takes place. In view of the pow
CHIEFS OF TWO NATIONS AT
OUTS AND COMMANDER OF
HOSTILE FLEET.
der magazine In the East one never knows
what dimensions an Incident may as
sume."
The press Is still very reserved In its
opinion. The Berliner Tagreblatt expresses
doubts as to whether the opening up of
the Eastern question will be .agreeable to
Russia at the present moment. The
Lokal Anziger expresses the opinion that
the establishment of a French naval sta
tion at Mityleno would be a standing men
ace to England's position on the Sues
r canal
Precedent for His Action.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 81.— M. Margerie,
the charge d'affaires of the French em
bassy here, had a short interview with
Secretary Hay this afternoon, after which
the Secretary left at once for the White
House. Mr. Margerie may be considered
an expert in matters pertaining to the
Levant, having spent several years at
Constantinople recently as an attache of
the French embassy. He feels confident
that there is not the slightest danger of
a dissolution of the concordat owing to
the action of the French Government in
sending warships to make a naval dem
PAINTING OF SCENERY
CONCEALS CONQUESTS
Chinese Officials at Peking Big Up
Dummy Towers to Please the
Emperor's Eyes.
PEKING, Oct. 31.— The repairs to th
walls, towers and palace have been r
most completed. A temporary structur
of wood and cloth has been erected in
place of the destroyed Chien Nen tower,
under which Emperor Kwang Su will pass
when entering the Forbidden City. It is
painted to resemble the old stone tower,
with cannon in the windows, and looks
like a piece of theatrical scenery. Every
effort is being made to conceal from the
court the evidence of the conquest. The
British loopholed the wall at the station
outside the Chien Nen gate and the Chi
nese are now building another wall out
side this to screen It frtom the view of the
court.
Russia Approves Plan to
Compel Sublime Porte
to Pay Al: Demands
Landing Force on Ships
Shows the French Will
Wage War if Necessary
onstration in Turkish waters and to seize
a customs port.' The other nations parties
to the concordat understand the situation
perfectly, and in fact most of them have
grievances and claims themselves like the
French complaints, so they may look with
complacency upon the effort to make the
Porte meet its obligations. There also is
precedent for this action, for a few years
ago a French vessel seized a Turkish port
in the Guif of Alexandria and held it un
til her claims were paid, yet the incident
did not cause protest by the other powers
or even attract much attention.
TWO MEN ARE KILLED
IN RAILROAD COLLISION
Freight Engines in Indiana Crash
H?.ad-On and Train Hands
Suffer.
LOGANS PORT. Ind.. Oct. 31.-Two men
were instantly killed and two probably
fatally injured in a head-on collision be
tween two freight trains on the Michigan
division of the Vandalia at Judson, Ind..
fifty miles south of this city to-night. The
dead are:
RICHARD STITH, fireman; Logans
port.
JOHN ELLABARGER. brakeman; Terre
Hauie.
The injured are: Frank E. Gross, engi
neer, Logansport; John Lawler, conduc
tor, Terre Haute.
Lives More Than a Century.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— Mrs. Elizabeth Han
bury, who was born June 9. 1733, is dead.
Mrs. Hanbury was notable half a cen
tury ago in anti-slavery, prison reform
PRICE FIVE CENia
LAW'S HAND
REACHES FOR
AN ANARCHIST
Arrival of Jaffei Awaited
by Immigration
Officials.
Alleged Accessory to Hum
bert's Assassination
Coming Here.
United States Embassy in Borne Ad
vises Secretary of State to
Beware of the Friend
of Bresci.
CALL BUREAU. 1106 G STREET. N.
TV.. WASHINGTON. Oct. 31.— Whether ,
because of a desire to seek refuge in the
United States or in order to carry out a
plot formed in Europe, a notorious an
archist named Jaffei, charged by Italy
with being an accessory to the murder of
King Humbert, is now on his way to this
country-
Official information in regard to the
plans of this man was received by the
State Department, and Commissioner Gen
1 eral of Immigration Powderly, In com
! pllanee with a request of Secretary Hay,
! Jpmafl instructions this afternoon to all -
immigration officers to detain Jaffei
should he appear at any of the ports at
which they are stationed. Jaffei would
be excluded if he applies for admission
i and the steamer bringing him here will
¦ be compelled to return him to the port
from which he sailed.
Will Exclude Jaffei.
Secretary Hay's request contemplating
the exclusion of Jaffei is based upon an
official report sent him by the American
'. embassy in Rome. This report states
i that "Italian anarchist Jaffei started for
! Antwerp September 7 from Milan and
' will probably go to the United States."
'¦ This description of Jaffei accompanied the
message: ¦•*"
"Jaffei, who was a member of. the
Guardie Flnanze in Rome, a body of men
corresponding to customs guards, deserted
the service and went to Switzerland. He
is said to be a violent anarchist. The
Italian Government found among the ef
fects of Brescl a letter from Jaffei and
demanded his extradition for complicity in
the murder of King Humbert. Switzerland
surrendered Jaffei on the understanding
that he should not be tried on a charge of
desertion, but only on a charge of com
plicity in the assassination of the King.
His trial occurred, but he was not con
victed and the Italian Government di
rected that hebe sent out of the country."
Instructions to Officers.
The facts contained in the report of the
embassy as given above were telegraphed
by Powderly to all immigration officials
with instructions "to keep a careful look
out for the said Jaffei in order that any
possible* violation of law may be pre
vented by his exclusion."
Gale Sweeps the Channel.
DOVER, Oct 31.— A fierce easterly gale
blew to-day over the whole channel, seri
ously interfering with all shipping. Tht»
channel steamers were obliged to aban
don attempts to enter the port of Folke
stone, which wns not approachable owing
to the tremendous seas which were run
ning. A number of minor wrecks have
been reported, and several vessels have
sunk at their moorings. The wind gauge
registered sixty miles an hour. The tide
is rising and vessels of all kinds ar?
seeking shelter from the storm. Greet
numbers of caicasses of animals aro
washed ashore ir the vicinity of Deal, in
dicating that a shipping disaster has oc
curred near there.
Twelve Lives Are Involved.
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Oct. 31.-Thre«
schooners were driven ashore on the Lab
iador coast la -a week during a gale, but
all en board were rescued. Two other
vessels, one carrying a Catholic priest,
who had been leaking v sacerdotal visita
tion, were driven seaward and have been
missing for ten days. The steamer Glen
coe went In search of them, but without
result. Twelve lives are Involved and it
is feared that all have perished.
Grau Company in "LohengTin."
NEW ORLEANS. Oct 31— The Grau
opera company appeared for the first
tme In New Orleans to-night at the
French opera-house, which was crowded
The opera was "Lohengrin," with Meg
dames Emma Eames and Schuman-
HeinK and Messrs. Ernest Van Dyck,
Blspham and Edouard fie Resake in th«
cast.
and other philanthropic matters. She
could see to read and writ© up to h«r lat
est years.2
PLAIN BUSINESS ISSUES OF MUNICIPAL CAMPAIGN LAID BEFORE THE PEOPLE
IN ABLE SPEECHES BY MAN WHO PLEDGES HIMSELF TO HONEST ADMINISTRATION
TOBIN PUTS IN STRENUOUS DAY
AND NIGHT AMONG THE VOTERS
AND EASILY HOLDS FIRST PLACE
Candidate Is Received With Expressions of Con
fidence and His Election Seems to Be Accepted
as a Foregone Conclusion in All the Districts
/ OSEPH S. TOBIN last night addressed meetings of citizens
tS of five Assembly distrkts. Wherever he appeared the courtesy
of a crowded hall and the compliment of rousing cheers
greeted him. He confined his speeches strictly to the issues of the
campaign. He laid stress on the fact that the selection of civic offi
cials should have nothing to do with politics, that municipal govern
ment was a business proposition and that upon property-owners
rested the responsibility of selecting business men to administer civic
affairs. Although the candidate for Mayor yesterday went
through a particularly trying day from both the mental and the phy
sical standpoint, he was as vigorous after his last speech as when
he started out early in the day to visit Butchertown.
JOSEPH S. TOBIN put In last night
about the hardest work of his cam
paign. He addressed meeting's In
the Thirtieth, Thirty-second, Thir
ty-third. Thirty-fifth and Thirty
sixth districts. After he delivered his
last speech, which was at Sixth and
Shipley streets about 11 o'clock, the can
didate for Mayor was apparently as fresh
as when he started. Wherever he spoke
he was well received; whatever he said
was in the same frank, vigorous strain
that has distinguished all .his utterances.
His round of meetings last night was in.
the nature of a triumphal procession, and
wherever he appeared all the signs told
of Joseph S. Tobin, next Mayor of San
Francisco.
Tobin spent the whole day in Butcher
town, and was there treated with all the
distinction due the choice of the people
for chief magistrate.
His first meeting last night was at
Wackenruder Hall on Bernal Heights. He
was greeted by a large delegation of citi
zens of the Thirty-fifth District, and when
he commenced to speak the . hall was
crowded to its full capacity. ¦ .
At the close of his address, in which he
reviewed the issues of the campaign, he
hurried to Maennerbund Hall, Twenty
fourth street and Potrero avenue. This
audience was gathered from the Thirty
second and Thirty-third districts. When
Tobin essayed to speak a small body of
leather-lunged young men tried to raise
a cheer for Schmitz. The cheer was
given, but was answered with a Tobin
cheer which was still echoing through the
hall when he commenced to speak. When
he concluded somebody remarked, "Whc
is Schmitz, anyhow?" Tobin spoke .as
follows:
Mr. Chairman, ladles and gentlemen: Let us
get right down and talk business. What is
the Issue in th's campaign? What do we rep
resent? What does our party represent? What
record have they given to guarantee their good
faith? Are you property holders, are you citi
zens, do you pay taxes? Then let us talk to
you. You are the men that we want, to talk
to. We stand upon our record. There It 16.
We stand upon our platform. You have read it.
Stands Upon the Record. \ , :
We stand upon the fact that we have -on
fronted every corporation in San Francisco
and done our duty. We stand upon the fact
that we have lowered your taxes to the lowest
notch ever experienced in the city of .- San
Francisco. (Applause.) We etand upon ¦ the
fact that we have given you the lowest water
rate that you householders have ever paid be
fore in your history. We stand upon the fact
that we have given you the lowest gas rate
that you have ever paid In your history. (Ap
plause.) We stand upon the fact that we have
lighted our streets better and cheaper than
they have ever been lighted in the history of
San Francisco. (Applause.) We stand upon
the fact, gentlemen, that we have cleaned the
City Hall. We stand upon the fact that we
have cleaned your parks. We stand upon tha
fact that we have given you an honest, decent,
economical administration, and what in heav
en* name can any taxpayer demand more?
(Applause.)
We do not come now before you to cast
aspersions upon any man or to discuss the
personnel of any ticket. I have met them and
they are all good men and honest men as far
as I know. But that is not the question, gen
tlemen. You have got your money invested
here; you own a house or you pay taxes or*
your money goes into the City Hall every half
a year and goes there for a purpose. Who is
going to handle that money? Who has handled
it in the ;>ast with honesty, economy and effi
ciency? That is the question, gentlemen. (Ap
plause.) This is not a question of economics;
this Is not a Question of politics: this is a
question of business. These men that I am
addressing now are American citizens who un
derstand their riehts and understand the law
and understand the fact that they are taxpay
ers and that the men they elect must be hon
est, must be experienced, must be independent.
And where can we look for those men ' upon
the other tickets offered us? I have nothing
to say, I repeat, about the personal repute of
any man. I have treated them fairly and I
expect the came treatment from them, and
no doubt I will tret it. (Applause.)
Question of Business.
But what I say is, gentlemen, that this is
not a Question of politics. This is not a ques
tion of political economy. This is a question
of business. Who are the men that have dis
charged their duty honestly? Where are they?
Upon what ticket are they? Who are the hon
est Supervisors? For the first time in the
history of San Francisco they sat in the City
Hall and did their duty well by you-rmet the
water company, met the gag company; met the
railroad company and discussed openly, hon
estly and considerately and moderately with
them their demands and then did •heir duty
by the people with no hands behind their
backs. (Applause.) ¦ •;"'-
Gentlemen, when some years ago this coun
try stood before the nations of the world on
trial, etpod there a young, vigorous, as yet
untried democracy before the strained eyes of
Europe waiting the hour of trial, when for the
first time in its history In modern years the
rape of battle was thrown at its feet, and
r^hen tre President called upon the citizens
to Jump forward, spring to their feet and grasp
their arms, did he say "Democrats, Republi
cans, labor unionists" or anybody else? No.
he eaid "citizens." Now, gentlemen, I say
that to you. The duty is be-fore you Just as
It confronted the whole nation then. Your
duty is to defend the city of San Francisco
r-gainst corporate aggression, corporate greed,
corporate debauchery, and, gentlemen, the duty
rests heavily upon you now. You cannot stop
to discuss political economy. You cannot stop
to discuss questions of whether a man Is a
Democrat or a Republican or a Labor Unionist.
The only question for you to discuss now Is
«-hat men have shown you in the past that
they are Independent of corporations, that they
knew their duty and that they will discharge
it as they find It. (Applause.)
Honesty Is What Is Wanted.
Every* man in this audience that pays his
taxes must calmly, considerately, conscien
tiously weigh in his mind that question. What
party in the past ha* done the best by you?
What men have discharged their duty honestly
In office? After all, gentlemen, all you want
in political life In . San Francisco, aa far as
th« municipal government Is concerned. is hon
esty. You want to know that if you go to the
City Hall you will get a fair deal them. You
want to know that if your taxes are paid there
they will be dealt out honestly. You want to
know that every man that Is in there is as good
as his bond, and, gentlemen, let me tell you
that as honest, patriotic, independent, far-see
ing, practical business men the enly guarantee
that you can find of such a character is In the
record that is laid before you. And now, gen
tlemen, we point to our record and ask you to
Judge us by that and cast your vote by the
record that we have made. I thank you gen
tlemen. (Applause.)
SPEAKS ON" BEBNAL HEIGHTS.
ToMn Declares That Issue of Cam
paign. Is Non-Partisan.
From Twenty-fourth and Potrero a
rapid trip was made to Bernal Heights,
•where Twin Peaks Hall was Jammed to
Its full capacity with voters of the Thir
ty-sixth District. Tobin's address was as
follows:
Mr Chairman ladles and gentlemen: The
lewue that I have thus far presented In this
campaign I have endeavored to confine within
bu»inese lines. We b»vo said, and we shall
maintain it to the end, that there is no other
question concerning the citizens of San Fran
cisco than an honest, economical, independent
administration of the city government We
do not contend, ladies and gentlemen, that
there cannot be found upon the other tickets
men of independent, honest and patriotic chai
acter. We do not contend that all these quali
ties can be found solely upon the Democratic
ticket, but we do contend that the record that
the Democratic party offers to you at this time
entitles them to an Indorsement of their ad
ministration.
As taxpayers we ask you to look at our rec
ord. We say as men who pay their taxes in
San Francisco, who own their own homesteads,
who have their money inveEted in savings
banks, that the only question for them to con
sider at this time Is where can we look for
an honest, independent, economical adminis
tration of the city's affairs? This, ladies and
Kentlemen, is not a partisan Issue. There is
neither Democracy nor Republicanism nor
labor unionism in cleaning the streets, in im
proving the sanitation, in keeping the City
Hall in proper condition. These things can be
performed ar.d will be performed as they have
been in the past by the same officials who dur
ing the last two years have performed them,
if we re-elect them to office.
We do not come here and say to you elect
us because we are Republicans or because
we are Democrats or for any other similar
reason. We offer you our record. We say
we have lowered your taxes; every man who,
at the end of six monthe, goes to the window of
the Tax Collector and gets his bill will find
it lower by Just bo many dollars and cents
than It was last year. Who has done this?
Who Is responsible for this reduction in. your
taxation? The men who have acted honestly,
decently, cleanly in public llf«, who have eom
pelied the corporations to pay their just share
of the taxes, who have lowered the water rates,
who have dealt honestly by the city in every
respect, those men have done this for you. And
as men possessing that characteristic of Ameri
cans which If prominent, "fair play," what is
now your duty to those men who have discharged
honestly their duties of public office? Gentle
men, all over the United States to-day there .
Is prominently a disposition, in all the large
cities for clean, honest, independent civil gov
erment. Men of learning, of independence of
character, have come together and have deter
mined that, putting aside all partisan Ideas, 1 "
their whole aim, as citizens, shall be to have a
clean administration of city affairs. We have
given you this during the past two year*.
Our record has been absolutely clean. We
have done all that wa possibly could do. And
no.w, g-antlemen, •?» home before you for an
indorsement of that record. I can quote you
figure upon figure of the condition of the City
Hall before we entered It and as it stands at
the present time. Let me call your attention
to one fact alone. The city formerly paid to
the Spring Valley Water Company for its hy
drants that you pee on every corner $220,000 per
ypfir. The present Board of Supervisors cut
that down to $SO.OOO. The city now pays for
it? hydrants $80,000, effecting n. saving to the
city of $140,000. which has bee.j set apart for
the improvement of its streets and for the im
provement of its parks. Is It any wonder,
therefore, ¦ gentlemen, that at this time
we are confronted with the opposition of cor
porations, with the opposition of corporate in
fluence in politics, with the opposition of men
who make their money as go-betweens between
the city and corporations who would corrupt
the city officials?
Gentlemen, the strength of the opposition at
this time is based upon the fact that behind
them are banded corporate aggression, corpor
ate debauchery, dishonest bosses and all the
evil influences that heretofore have been a
blight upon the city of San Francisco. There
is only one question, gentlemen. Where can
you find the honest men who have given you
a guarantee of good faith in the future? We
ask you to study our record, and in the light
of that record to cast your vote, and if you
do that as taxpayers, as practical business men
who have their money invested in San Fran
ciFfo and who would see to it that their taxes
which they pay are honestly administered, you
can vote for but one ticket, and that Is the
Democratic ticket. I thank you. (Applause.)
EXTENDS WARM WELCOME.
Audience Waits Three Hours for Fav
orite Candidate.
Tobin's strength In the Thirtieth Dis
trict was shown last night to great ad
vantage. The meeting: at the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club, Sixth and Shipley
streets, was called to order shortly after 8
o'clock. It was nearly 11 o'clock before
Toblr; arrived. The crowd, which had as
sembled early, remained until he ap
peared and its greeting was as warm and
significant a tribute to his popularity as
any candidate could wish. No other can
didates appeared at the meeting. Colonel
T. F. Barry performed the remarkable
feat of talking for two and a half hours
and was still on his feet when Tobin ar
rived.
"When the cheers of greeting had sub
sided the candidate for Mayor spoke as
follows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen: I want to
thank all you gentlemen for waiting here so
long, but It has not been my fault. I have
been going around town and visiting all points
of the city and it has delayed me until this
late hour.
The issue in this campaign has been present
ed here so often and by so many speakers it
is hardly necessary to refer to it again at this
time. The proposition is, gentlemen, what has
the present city government done for the peo
ple In this part of town that we should re
turn here now and claim your vote? I want to
read to you the ordinances that have been
passed by the Board of Supervisors and in re
turn for that we ask you now at this time
before casting your votes to consider what we
have done for you. We have fixed the wages
of Janitors in the City Hall at $2 50 per day.
This was passed unanimously by the present
Board of Supervisors. (Applause.) We have
fixed the Allied Printing Trades' stamp to all
stationery as a guarantee of fair hours and
wage?. This was done unanimously by the
present .Board of Supervisors. We have en
forced the cight-bour law of the charter on
all city work, and on all sub-contracts. This
was done by the present Board of Supervisors.
We have, at the request of organized labor,
permitted street advertising by the labor unions
for the reason that the unions could not af
ford newspaper rates. We have fixed the rate
of car fare for Bchool children at 24 cents.
This was done by the present Board of Su
pervisors.
Now, gentlemen, aa a counter balance for
that, as an off-set to that, what has either of
the other parties done for you? What ordi
nance have they passed— placed upon the books
that In any way benefits any laboring man?
In what way have they alleviated, as far as
statutory law is concerned, the condition of one
laboring man in San Francisco to-day? We
point to our record. We show you what we have
done. We do not simply say we will do this
we promise to do this— but we say we have done
this. That is the difference, gentlemen. Re
member it. (Applause.) And, gentlemen, we
have not one set of arguments for this part of
town and one set of arguments for another
part of town. We have represented the entire
city of San Francisco. The taxes that have
been collected have been collected south of Mar
ket street as well as north of Market street
and, in the distribution of those taxes, south oT
Market street has shared just as fairly as north
of Market streM. We have placed south of
Market street, on Third street, the cluster
lamps that we have placed on Market street
We have decreased the water rates south of
Market street Just as we have done throughout
the balance of the city. We have lowered the
rates of taxation Bouth of Market street Just as
THE SAX FRAACISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
RESULT OF ELECTION
TO BE SIGNALED FROM
CALL BUILDING DOME.
earliest information of the result of next Tuesday's
T^HE earliest information of the result of next Tuesday's
municipal election and the progress of the count will be
given the people of San Francisco by The Call. By colored
lights flashed into the heavens from the lofty dome of the
Claus Spreckels building, and by stereopticori bulletins thrown
upon a canvas on the front of that structure, will be conveyed
the information that thousands of expectant citizens will anx
iously await.
.. ,¦¦¦•-."'¦.'¦..' ¦ ' ¦ ¦
As soon as it has been determined which of the three
candidates for Mayor has won the exciting battle now nearing
its close, rockets will be sent up to Inform the people. These
streaks of fire will be observable from every part of San Fran
cisco and. should the night be clear, from points across the
bay. If the fight for good government and the future welfare
of San Francisco triumphs and Joseph S. Tobin is announced
the winner, as it is almost certain he will be, white rockets will
be set off. For Schmitz there will be red signals and for Wells
green. , . • \v",t ""' ;"
fl REMEMBER THE SIGNALS:
TOBIN WHITE
SCHMITZ :."MV.;^.^..M..,^.....;.,. RED
•?•••••«>•?•*••••••••••••».•. C*^% /^^z*/V
V ' In every precinct and at the Registrar's office Call report
ers will be stationed and the news concerning the general
vote and the fights of all the candidates will be telephoned as
rapidly as it takes form and thrown upon the stereopticon
screen,
Never has there been an election in San Francisco at
which the city had more at stake and in which the people were
more deeply interested. For that reason The Call has pre
pared to give the most complete and speedy returns.
we have done throughout the balance of the
this is-Hbt a sectional Issue; this
is not a class issue; this is an issue of good
citizenship. Every man that pays taxes In
the city and county, of San Francisco to-da>
is interested in putting honest, independent, ex
perienced men in the City Hall. (Applause.)
I ask c.cry man when he goes to the window
of the Tax Collector at the end of this month
or the beginning of next month to get his tax
bill to look into the difference between his
taxes this year and his taxes last year. His
taxes will be lower this year than he has ever
paid before. That difference, in dollars and
cents represents clean government. Bt repre
sents' honesty in public life. It represents in
dependence and, gentlemen, that is what we
want. We do not care about Republicanism or
Democracy or labor unionism as an issue. What
we want are facts. What have they done for
us? Gentlemen, I refer you to your tax bill.
Consider that. That is a tangible fact upon
which you can base a reasonable conclusion and
by which you may be guided in casting your
vote.
After all gentlemen, there Is nothing In
volved in this election In the way of political
economy or anything of that sort. It Is sim
ply a matter of each man taking care of his
own house and seeing that his own house is
kept in order and thereby and judging there
from and reasoning therefrom that the en
tire city is kept in order, that the streets are
kept clean: that the taxes are lowered; that
the corporations get as much as is coming o
them and not a cent more.
That is all, gentlemen. Let us not talk
about anything else. Let us Judge this thing
as business men, as taxpayers, as men who
are interested In the welfare of the city. Let
us look at it plainly, honestly, generally. We
do not want to talk about Reoubllcan princi
ples and Democratic principles and all that
sort of thing. It is not Involved in this elec
tion at all. Why, gentlemen, the only reason
that we have an election at all is to Improve
the condition of the city; to put good men in
office And if you elect a man simply because
he has the label of an old party, what is the
use of having an election? You want to get
»r>od m«*n in office, honest men In office — men
that you know will not be subject to bribes
by corooratlons and cannot be controlled by
bosses. (Applause.) '
Gentlemen, I want to talk to you Just as I
have talked to everybody else In thlß city
whom I have met. I have endeavored to im
press upon them that this is neither a per
sonal 'issue nor a political issue nor a time
for anybody to gratify any personal animosity
that he may have against another. It is a
time simply for men to say, "Now, here, who
is eoine to do the work of the city honestly
and conscientiously if he gets in the City
Hall?" That Is the only question, gentlemen.
What is going to be done with the money that
I. put in the City Hall In the shape of taxes
in the coming twelve months? This is the only
question, gentlemen. Let u« not talk of any
thing else and get off on all sorts of questions
of political economy, labor unionism and the
like.
After all It is a question of what is going
to be done with your money when it is put In
the hands of the city for the coming twenty
four months. What guarantee have you got
that when you turn over your taxes to the
city your money that Is received by the
city will be distributed for the benefit of every
man in this audience? Let us get dowiLto that
finally and ultimately, because that is^he only
question to be decided. If the nominees upon
the Republican ticket or the Labor Union ticket
can give you a guarantee as sound, as rea
sonable, as unanswerable as that given you
by the Democratic ticket that they will dis
charge their duties as well and that they have
the experience to discharge them well, that
they understand municipal government, that
they have had an experience in municipal gov
ernment, that they are not subject to cor
porate control, then I say to you "vote for
the nominees of the Republican or the Labor
Union ticket as the case may be." But, gentle
men, if looking over the record of the Demo
cratic party for the last few years, if, taking
into consideration as property-owners and as
taxpayers and as license payers, no matter
in what shape the money is paid to the city,
if, looking over the record of the past two
years, you are confronted with the fact that
the taxes are lower, the water rates are lower,
the gas rates are lower, the City Hall Is
cleaner, the streets are better paved, the
streets are better lighted and cleaned, the la
boring man is better paid in the service of
the city, the laboring man has received fair
treatment at the hands of the city in the
shape of wages and hours, city contracts are
performed and regulated by the rates of labor
unions, if you find all this in the record of
the Democratic party, why should you change?
Do not swap horses while you are crossing a
stream. (Applause.) You have got a good
thing now and you had better keep It. (Ap
plause.)
And while I am on this subject, I want to
say right here that I am in favor of the city
government paying the best wages for labor.
The city government should be an example to
individuals; it should be the very best employer
of them as regards wages and hours of labor.
I am In favor of the strictest enforcement on
the part, of the city of the eight-hour law. If
I am elected I will see that every department
of the city is regulated by the eight-hour law.
That the Police Department is regulated by the
eight-hour law. That the city parks are reg
ulated by the eight-hour law. And, gentlemen,
as a guarantee that I will do this I aak you to
look at our record in the -past few years with
respect to the payment, the regulation and the
enforcement of the rights of labor. Gentlemen,
I thank you. (Applause.)
Lackmann With Foresters.
The members of Court Defiance, For
esters of America, and many other For
esters attended a high .Unks given In the
Social Hall of the Alcazar building last
night In honor of John Lackmann, candi
date for Sheriff and once chief ranger of
Court Defiance. There was a varied pro
gramme of music, song's and speciaftlea
given by volunteers and addresses by Mr.
Lackmann, J. S. Nyland, Dr. C. A. Glover,
George Dahlbender, T. W. Colins and F.
K. Lane. The remarks of the candidate
for Sheriff were loudly applauded.
May Form a Now League,
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 31.— There is much
discussion In local baseball circles about
the probable formation of a new league,
of which, It is said, Edward Krlpp of
Sacramento Is the chle* promoter and
Edward Qulnlan will be the local man
ager. It Is declared there is no intention
to fight the existing league. The plan of
the new organization is to have a four
club league, comprising Los Angeles, Sac
ramento, San Francisco and either Oak
land or San Jose. It Is claimed by the
promoters that the league will have
strong financial backing in this city.
A man s homo usually looks all right
to him until his daughter comes home
from boarding school.
LORING CLUB
OPENS SEASON
Twenty-Fifth Year of
Organization Begins
Auspiciously.
The music lover* of this city who did
not attend the first concert of the twen
ty-fifth season of the Loring Club at Na
tive Sons' Hall last night missed a treat
The fact that every seat In the house was
occupied is a testimonial to the merits
of the entertainment, and the vigorous
applause which greeted every number
showed the existence of a proper appre
ciation of the merits of the singers an!
was a fitting tribute to the tireless energy
of David W. Loringr, who for the last
twenty-five years has served as conductor
of the club. ; - "
The ¦ entertainment commenced with
Schumann's "Foresters' Chorus." and a
prettier rendition than that of last night
SL!d ia tt u dtJf ilod3r has never *•»
¦ Miss Anne Louise Daniels' beautiful so
prano voice was next heard in an aria
from "Samson : and r Delilah," and her
singing bo pleased the audience of critics
that it did not cease applauding until the
young lady consented to sing a pretty lit
tle love Bong. * ¦-• m *
"King Olaf 's Christmas" was the open
ing song of the second part. The beauti
ful tenor of Dr. J. F. Smith and the bary
tone of H. E. Medley were heard in this
selection, and so tuneful and ¦ pleasing
were their voices that at the close of the
song the - audience applauded so vigor
ously that it seemed as if the very ronf
of the hall would be lifted y
It was so throughout the entire . pro
gramme. Bo nicely did the voices blend
in the choruses, and so musical were th*
voices of the , soloists, that the veriest
tyro In music m the hall could • not re
frain from showing appreciation
Barry Beleased From Custody.
Patrick Barry, clerk In the grocery and
saloon, 814 Howard street, who was ar
rested early yesterday morning in con
nection with the death of Walter A. Gil
bert, was released from custody by order
of Captain Seymour yesterday on the
ground that he acted in self-defense.
Barry discovered Gilbert stealing his coat
and Gilbert showed fight. During the en
counter Gilbert was knocked down and
his skull was fractured.
WEAKNESS OF WELLS AND DANGER
OF ELECTION OF SCHMITZ SEND
MANY VOTERS INTO TOBIN CAMF
Shrewd Politicians Concede the Defeat of Re
publican Candidate, While Union Labor Party
Leader's Utterances Alienate Conservatives
]\ sfANAGERS of the Republican boss ticket secretly acknowl-
IVI edge the defeat of Wells, but they will not concede the elec
tion of Tobin. Wagers were laid yesterday that Schmita
would get 20,000 votes. Estimates of the vote next Tuesday range
from 55,000 to 60,000. Last night, when the news was received at
Republican headquarters that Colonel T: V. Eddy, an old-time ora
tor of the party, was addressing a non-partisan audience at Met
ropolitan Hall and advocating the election of Schmitz for Mayor
and Byington for District Attorney, there was consternation in the
boss camp. The bosses are using the plea that Schmitz is deriving
'most of his strength from voters who formerly affiliated with the
Democratic party. The facts are at variance with th* plea.
Schmitz is drawing largely from the Republican ranks, and the ac
tive leaders in his campaign battled for the Republican cause in the
contest last November. The election of Schmitz can be averted by
open determination on the part of conservative Republican ctfizens
to lend their support to Mr. Tobin.
vyj-^ OLinCIANS whose Judgment 13
POLITICIANS whose Judgment
not warped by prejudice or party
W*** enthusiasm assert that the race
JX for Mayor is between Tobin and
Schmitz. At Republican head
quarters the opinion is expressed that the
contest will be close between Wells and
Schmitz. At Democratic headquarters the
statement is advanced that Tobin is in the
lead and Schmitz is next. All the politi
cians recognize the danger of Schmitz's
election. There Is no certainty that the
danger would be diminished by the with
drawal of Wells from the field, for in that
event partisan Republicans, having no
party candidate to support, would resent
the withdrawal by transferring their sup
port to Schmitz, who is a Republican, a
Native Son and a director of the Repub
lican Primary League.
The only safe course for Republican
business men and property owners to pur
sue is to come out frankly and openly for
Tobin, a young man whose record in the
Board of Supervisors is commendable.
Moreover, he has positive opinions regard
ing the management of municipal affairs,
and he has the courage to define his atti
tude on questions of franchise and public
order, which deeply concern the people
of San Francisco.
The conservative elements of the me
tropolis should unite to prevent the elec
tion of a class candidate, especially as the
candidate, Schmitz, in a recent mass
meeting declared in effect that if he were
elected Mayor the police should not be
used to protect merchants in the transac
tion of lawful business.,. He means that
the whe<3s of commercial industry shall
not move when the strikers and agitators
resolve to tie up the town. Schmitz in
effect announces that he will take orders
from the Caseys and the Furuseths. The
business men of San Francisco do not
want a man for Mayor who will disregard
law and justice to catch the applause of
labor agitators.
Party issues cut no figure in this cam
paign, and even if party issues were in
volved the partisans could find no real
Republican ticket to support. The ticket
put forth by the bogus Republican con
vention was made up from top to bottom
by W. F. Herrin, a noted if not a notori
ous Democrat. He was assisted by Dan
Burns, Johnny Lynch, Jere Burke and
Max Goldberg. No party obligation to
support such a ticket exists.
There are several good reasons why
many workingmen, merchants, property
owners and taxpayers generally cannot be
persuaded to lend their support to Wella.
In the first place, the workingmen, me
chanics and laborers who are not in the
ranks of the Union Labor party will not
tolerate Wells, because he is on record a-,
an opponent of the eight-hour principle.
The liquor dealers and corner grocery
merchants repudiate Wells because he is
on record as an advocate of high license.
Property-owners and residents of the
Mission district will not support Wells
because he has declared against compell
ing the Southern Pacific to remove the
tracks at the Mission. " Improvement
clubs throughout the city are opposed to
Wells. They cannot get from him any
statement of his intentions respecting
public improvements. Independent, antl
boss Republicans cannot be persuaded to
support Wells because he derived his
nomination from the bosses, and because
he now turns to the bosses for ad vie 3
and counsel. —. ¦. *
The other night citizens of the Forty
first District attended a Wells meeting,
expecting that the nominee would declares
Laundered Shirts {£
! These shirts are made with - percale bodies and n
madras bosoms and cuffs, but the patterns in the two
; materials match so closely in color and design that the
! difference is scarcely perceptible. If the shirts were
\ ' made entirely from madras the price would be $1.50
—made up in this manner they can be sold for 65c.
I The patterns are stripes of blue, lavender, black,
and oxblood, with white grounds— they, are the pat-
I terns that are being worn this very day in New York.
I The sizes range from 14 to 17. and the shirts are lib-
erally cut from a system that assures a perfect fit.
Out-of-iown orders filled— write us.
SflWooPsfi) I
TlB Market Street.
his sentiments on some or the leading
topics of local government. Wells sato.
to them something of this kind: "I am
familiar with tnia region of the city. I \
own a house up the avenue. It la a largo
house. I do not live there now, but I
used to live there." No doubt every word
uttered was the truth. He might hava
indicated the sleeping room be occupied
when he lived in the house, but thac
would not have enlightened th.c audience
regarding his views on important issues
of the campaign. In the Mission district
he indulged in more prattle of the saxno,
silly, empty style. He remarked: "It U
quite a long distance from the north end
of town to the Mission." He might have
added with equal force that the distance
would be greater if the two sections were
farther apart. On account of Wells ob
vious mental failings and his Indecision
of character in dealing with the bosses,
many citizens who entertained for him,
sentiments of personal friendship cannoc
be brought around to his support for
Mayor ot the city. Sensible men of al
fairs who are deeply interested In the
prosperity of San Francisco should coma
out frankly and announce their Intentions
to support Tobin. The example of open
declaration wiil Influence the wavering
to a decision.
The Bulletin is trying to create the im
pression that Wells has a chance of win
ning, and is advising business men to
withhold their support from Tobin. Tho
merchants should make confidential in
quiry themselves before acepting advice
from the Bulletin in this campaign. The
story goes, and it seems to be true, that
the business manager of the Bulletin iJ
out for Schmitz, the managing editor ou;
for T»obin and the foxy proprietor out fo;
trie «tuff.
Republican business men and property
owners have time between now and Mon
day next to adopt measures for concen
trating their strength on Tobin.
Harry Baehr, nominee for Auditor. Is
the firsc Native Son to fee named for that
responsible orfflce. A vote for Mr. Baehr
will be a vote *or an honest, efficient and
business-like administration of an impor
tant office. The Indications of his suc
cess at the polls next Tuesday multiply.
He is popular, progressive and is making
an energetic contest. His acquaintance
Is extensive and he 13 known as a man
of integrity and excellent deportment.
LewisV. Byinpton, nominee for District
Attorney, has made a good record in
office and ought to receive the commen
dation of his fellow-cttizen» at the polls
next Tuesday. He is a better man and
a better lawyer than the Examiner's can
didate. Arthur G. Flak. Last winter
when yellow journalism needed the ser
vices of the legislature for a "pedal
boost, Fisk was found ready to respond.
More than a month prior to the meeting
of the convention, and, in fact, before ths
delegates were chosen. The Call gave out
the news that Flak was the Examiner' *
Republican candidate for District Attor
ney. Through the favor of Herrin Flail's
name was placed on the convention slate.
Voters should take this opportunity fo
rebuke bossism by voting for Mr. Bylng
ton.
There will be a Tobin mass-meetinsr ar
Metropolitan Hall to-n!ght. T. C. Van
Ness will preside. Among the speakers
announced are Frank H. Gould, Joseph
S. Tobin. Franklin K. 'Lane. Lewis F. By
lngton and W. J. McGee. There wt!l f>e
plain talk on the leading issues of the
local campaign.
A Tobin Club was organized in the
Thirty-second Assembly District at Mo
ifrath's Hall. Third street, last ntsht.
Dominic A. Walsh was chosen president
anS Thomas Gavin secretary.RAILROAD CANDIDATE SURPRISES MISSION AUDIENCE BY HIS ORIGINAL VIEWS
ON A LOCAL ISSUE, AND AT OTHER MEETINGS DECLARES HIMSELF UNTRAMMELED
ONE BULLETIN CHIEF
WANTS SCHMITZ, ONE
TOBIN, ONE THE COIN.
THE ABOVE IS A FAC SIMILE OF A CARD WHICH THE BUSINESS MANAGER OF THE BULLETIN IS SEND
ING HIS FRIENDS, URGING THEM TO GIVE THEIR SUPPORT TO THE UNION LABOR PARTY CANDI
DATE FOR MAYOR.
THE DISTRIBUTION of the above appeal to personal friend
ship as a factor in the municipal campaign, made by the
business manager of the Bulletin, has emphasized the
peculiar disparity of views existing in the upper offices of
the evening paper. The three-cornered fight is on in earnest
there. The business manager is out for Schmitz, the man
aging editor is out for Tobin, and the proprietor is out for
the stuff. Not more than two of them can be satisfied with
the results.
WELLS ARGUES FOR THE RETENTION
OF RAILROAD TRACKS IN THE MISSION
ASA R. WELIJS, candidate for
Mayor, placed himself on rec- [
ord last evening as favoring the ¦
retention of the Southern Pa- |
cine railroad track* through the I
Mission. K« dilated upon the great con
venience he always found in boarding
etic leaving trains at Valencia street, i
and in an argumentative way asked his j
e::m audience If they would not lose con- I
SCHMITZ TAKES WORK
GLADLY FROM SHOPS
THAT ARE NON=UNION.
EUGENE E. SCHMITZ is a traitor to the cause he pre
tends to represent. When he tells on the platform of
his loyal interest in the cause of labor unionism he
tells what is untrue. He has forfeited all right to call him
self a union man. He has used his union membership as a
cloak to cover his acts of treason.
The story of some of his treachery was told yesterday.
That story he has tried to explain away. The Call is not
satisfied with the explanation, but will let it go if Mr. Schmitz
will harmonize the following with his public declarations:
Some time last June the Risdon Iron Works received
from the Oceanic Steamship Company an order for a refrig
erating plant for the steamship Alameda The machinists'
strike was on and the engineering company found itself un
ab'e to get out this work in time. They offered part of the
Job to Eugene E. Schmitz, who stars in the industrial world
as the Economic Gas Engine Company and poses on the po
litical platform as the friend of labor and the stanch sup
porter of unions.
Schmitz took the Job. Schmitz, at his shop, during the
strike, did ail the machine work on the compressors of a re
frigerating plant for the steamship Alameda He did it from
plans and patterns supplied by the Risdon Iron Works, The
Risdon Iron Works paid him something in the neighborhood
of $1500 for the work.
siderable accommodation If the trains
were obliged to travel by another route
than through the Mission.
Wells spoke at three meetings last
night, two being held in the Mission and
one on Geary street.
At Teutonia Hall, 1322 Howard street,
"Wells was greeted by a very slim gather
ing. The Thirtieth and Thirty-first dis
tricts presented only about one hundred
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
citizens at the hall, while the gallery was
filled with young hoodlums, who pelted
those on the floor with cards and papers
and gruyed Wells and the other spell
binders. Some of the noisy boys had be«n
instructed to cheer Wells and they inter
rupted his speech so frequently that the
candidate became rattled.
Dr. Henry Harris was called to the
chair by J. T. Collins, and the presiding
CHARGES WILL
BE OFFICIALLY
INVESTIGATED
Building Trades Council
Will Look Into Record
of Schmitz as Unionist
Candidate's Alleged Pa
tronage of Non-Union
Shops to Be Sifted
THE Building Trades Council has
taken official cognizance of the
charges made against Eugene E.
Schmitz and will investigate them
without delay. The following reso
lution was adopted yesterday:
Whereas, The Building Trades Council has
learned through the press of to-day of certain
damaging charges made by a member of the
Boilermakers' Vnion, a member of the Steam
fitters' Union and a member of the Coremakers'
Union against Eugene K. Schmitz, candidate
for Mayor on the Union Labor ticket, wherein
It was stated that he has been, as president
of the Economist Gas Engine Company, patron
izing non-union iron molding shops and others
to the exclusion of union shops and union men;
and
Whereas, The Building Trades Council Is
djssirous of investigating thoroughly for the
benefit of Its members the above-mentioned
charges, to the end that they may be properly
Informed, therefore be it
Resolved, That the Building Trades Council
in regular executive meeting assembled in
struct and order the executive board of this
council to make such Investigation and offi
cially notify the members of this council and
the members of Its affiliated unions prior to
Tuesday, the sth of November, of the re
sult of such investication.
O. A. TVEITMOE. Secretary.
Leaders Defend Schmitz.
Union men are arraying themselves on
each side in the controversy over the rec
ord of Eugene E. Schmitz as a union man.
The Iron Trades Council has issued a
statement defending the candidate against
the charge of patronizing non-union foun
dries end repeating the assertion that his
transactions met with the approval of the
union officials. The executive committee
of the Steam and Hot Water Fitters and
Helpers and the officers of the Boiler
makers' and Iron-ship Builders' Union de
clare that the two members of those
unions who made the charges against
Schmitz did so in a personal capacity
only.
officer asked those in the rear of the hall
to take seats in front. Harris delivered a
long speech, Ignoring the local political
Issues.
Pending the arrival of Wells speeches
were made by J. W. Offerman, Arthur G.
Flsk, George Alpers, E. Myron Wolf, J.
M. Wilkins and P. P. Haynes.
Wells Jollies Young Men.
When Wells arrived he was greeted
with shrill whistles by the hoodlums 'n
the gallery and scant applause was given
by the voters who sat In the body of the
hall. The candidate did not refer to the
Issues of the election, but told those pres
ent that he had known-their fathers. and
that they might all be rtch soroe day and
become Mayors of San Francisco. Wells
spoke as follows:
Ladles and. Gentlemen, Fellow Republicans:
I stand before you this evening as your candi
date for Mayor. I am the representative of the
Republican party for this campaign at the head
of the ticket. Should you elect me, I trust
that you will never regret It. Whatever they
may say, I am an Independent man and I shall
conduct the affairs of the city government In an
honest, upright way, the same as I would
should^ it be in my private business. I am glad
to see so many young men nere this evening.
I can say to you that all that I have ever done
for myself I have done In this vicinity. Every
dollar that I have made I have made honestly.
I employed men in this vicinity for many years
and I have yet to hear of one complaint frotn
those whom I have employed and some of them
worked for me for more than thirty-five years.
I always upheld large wages. I paid the same
wages to my men a year ago when I closed my
business that I did twenty-five years ago, and
when, as you know, profits were very much
larger, and the men worked more hours; but
never has there been any complaint from the
men that worked for me. I always took an in
terest in them. I assisted them in making their
Investments; in procuring their own homes and
their settling around them friends that have
stayed with them for years and years. Their
families have grown up when they worked for
me; their children have been educated and
some of them married, and I saw their fath
ers married also while at work for me. If, as
anybody says, I have ever been unfriendly to
the worklngmen, I can say that that is not so.
You don't hear me going around from place to
place talking to the poor worklngmen. I as
sure you. my friends, that I know of no class so
independent who can travel around the world.
If they shall, comfortably, and enjoy them
selves—nobody, I say, so independent as a
skilled workman. I say this because I see many
here that I think are workmen and I think are
in sympathy with what I say; and I can say
to you farther, my friends, there is none of you
but what is just as likely— whose prospects are
Just a3 good of your being wealthy and being
Mayor or' this city, as I was when I was of
your age. Now, my friends, I don't know as
there Is any great question you want to hear
from from me. All of the Issues have been
talked over, and while they have not been
talked over as they have been referred to In
the papers, I can see nothing that requires any
great discussion and that you care for, more
than that the affairs of the city in which your
Interests are are in safe hands; that I am un
der no obligation to any man— any corporation,
or anybody whose interests are different from
yours. I thank you for this reception.
Favors Mission Railroad Tracks.
The Republican meeting; in the Thirty
fourth District was held in the Mission
Opera-house, Mission street, near Seven
teenth, and It was a doleful affair. Every
one was glad to get home as soon as
Wells had appeared and made his speech.
The hall was far from being filled and a
number of boys sat in the front chairs
and guyed the speakers with cries of
"Mission hot air."
I. J. Truman presided and speeches
were made by John Lackmann, Percy
Beamish, J. S. Nyland. Clifford McLel
land, Charles A. Low, W. H. George, J.
M. Wilkins, Arthur G. Fisk and Senator
Burnett.
When Wells appeared the band played
in order to help out the welcome and the
candidate for Mayor at once started to
talk on the question of the removal of the
Mission railroad tracks. In one breath he
said that he favored the removal of the
tracks and in the next contradicted him
self by telling how convenient it was to
leave a train at Valencia street and in
sisting' that the voters would surely not
ask that the tracks be removed.
The speech in which Wells favored the
retention of the tracks was as follows:
I/aales and Gentlemen: I don't intend to say
very much. They say that I talk too much.
I appear before you as your candidate for
Mayor and as the representative of the Repub
lican party and at the head of this munici
pal ticket. I don't know what I can say to
you that would be new in the matter of poli
tics or to announce my Intended administration
In case I should be elected. For this vicinity
I have recently heard that you had a great
question here. The papers, according to an
interview that they had with the candidate
for Mayor, was in favor of doing a great
wrong In the matter of the railroad tracks.
Prom that interview I do not see how such a
story could be formulated, but it was, all the
fame. I said to that committee which came
to visit me, which I afterward found was
representing a paper, that I would not do
anything for the people in the matter of those
tracki. That was certainly not what I did
say. On the contrary, I tried to impress upon
that committee the fact that whatever the
people wished In that matter, and If I could
be of any assistance to them, I would certainly
put forth my best efforts.
To be criticized about a question of that
kind and in the matter of a few minutes tt
was pretty hard for me at least to decide what
would be the beet, or even what they wanted.
It is no doubt time that those heavy trains
should be taken off the tracks through the
Mission. I have thought so for several years,
but would you yourselves wish to have the
passenger trains, or at least some of them.
Continued on Page Four.
SCHMITZ ADDRESSES FOUR LARGE AUDIENCES
AND MAKES PROMISE IF ELECTED TO DO ALL
IN HIS POWER TO PROMOTE CAUSE OF LABOR
t-^«^UGENE E. SCHMITZ, the Labor
candidate for Mayor, made the
" rounds last night and was accord
(^ ed warm receptions by his parti
sans at no less than four places.
Members of the old-time parties who wit
nessed the demonstrations in Schmltz's
behalf were convinced that concerted ac
tion by those who favor wise and con
servative local government was impera
tive if it is expected to defeat Schmitz and
his following of candidates.
Schmitz's first appearance during the
evening was before the people of th«
Forty-second District at Pixley's Hall,
corner of Polk and Pacific streets. The
hall was filled to overflowing and great
enthusiasm for the cause of the Labor
ticket was manifested. Schmitz wag
given an ovation on his entrance into the
hall. The demonstration was repeated
when he rose to address the assemblage.
He said in part:
I thank you for this cordial reception. If I
had any doubts as to your friendship this re
ception has effectually removed them. You
have heard that the nominees on the Labor
ticket are unworthy of support because they
represent a class— the working class. What are
the nominees of the Republican and Democratic
tickets but representatives of a class — the cor
poration and boss class. I have been criticized
by the press in statements which tend to show
that my election would be in the nature of a
public calamity. Thus far no charges attack-
Ing me personally have been made and none can
be made. I think my record as a man will
compare favorably with those of my opponents.
If I am elected I will be the Mayor of the whole
people and not of a class. I will prosecute
such Improvements as your section may de
mand. As for the Geary-street franchise I will
say that I favor its acquisition by the city in
accordance with the ter ns of the charter. I
am opposed to corruption in office, and If you
honor me by electing me your next Mayor I as
sure you I will do all In my power to promote
the cause of labor along the lines of progress,
my motto being special privileges to none, but
fair treatment to all.
Appeal to the Cooks and Waiters.
Schmitz was excused and he hastened
Business Suits~ $ 9
When you put on one of our $9 suits these features will be noticeable: The coat will
hang well around the shoulders, fit perfectly across the back, feel comfortable over the ?rms
and set trim around the collar; the vest will fit properly and button snugly, as a good-fitting
vest should; the pants will set right and hang gracefully they will be of proper length and
size. . • • . "
A highly perfected system of measurements enables us to produce perfect-fitting, ready-
to-wear clothing. The clothes are cut on the same system as our higher priced goods.
These suits are well adapted for business wear. The materials are serges, cheviots,
tweeds and worsteds in: solid colors and fancy patterns. We guarantee fit and workmanship,
appearance and wear. "Money back to the dissatisfied" has established faith in these suits, and
we are selling , more of them every day. Suppose you see — you may become one of
our long list of pleased customers.
Sailors— Vestees— Two-Piece Suits
; This is the store where bovs' clothes are made as they should be made. The clothes are not men's styles
cut into boys' sizes. Every suit is fetchingly made up and.has those distinctive features just suited to boys' cloth-
ing. Our prices are as. interesting' as our styles, and appeal to you as forcibly. We mention to-day these par-
ticularly good values: • , . _ ;• •' . '- ':'«.'•'
ri' "'"l^ • Sailor suits made of all-wool fast color blue serge, with
"ifcz&Bts^^b. black, red and also red and black braid trimmings, ages 3 to AH?^
.ijg^B^^ ' Vestee s'.'.its made of all-wool mixtures, comprising many _««<< < 2i3sr«/w
de?irabic patterns, ayes 3 to 10 years, price /fsf^Ssjl ''^^\,
S-^^^^^S^^^^i Two-piece suits mric ' e of ail-wool mixtures in a variety of jUvjA }MwWl§
niCTiß^^^P^'^/^^9 patterns, ages 7to 15 years, price -f <jR
TtjS^HSJMfflr 5 Boys' blue denim, bib overalls, double knees and seat, : 's^T* |!K m
y^BlvSSHw pockets back and front, double stitched and copper riveted, juC^i'iii ' ' wiP !; !l !! ''/
Br^: vKmi^m Boys' golf caps and child's sailors, on special sale at 25c. KjL .» if* Wr^. 1 !
H^a W^J Write for our new ///us rated catalogue, "What to Wear." |iffy \|i j
JUr -^^ Out-of-town orders filled — f.riie us. ffi \y }m \
y 718 Market Street.
to 316 O'Farrell street, where a meeting
of the Cooks' and Walters' Alliance w.is
being held. He was given the privilege
of addressing the meeting, and his speech
was received with manifestations of ap
proval. He appealed to the sympathy of
his audience by stating that his opponents
were rich men and therefore representa
tives of the capital class, while he was
comparatively a poor man, selected by
the people to represent them. Resuming,
he said:
My opponent, Mr. Tobln, has declared that
good citizenship and honesty were the main
issues of this campaign. While I deny this as
sertion, I will say that my citizenship and
honesty are as unimpeachable as Mr. Tobln' s.
Mr. Tobin is the possessor of great wealth,
not one dollar of which he earned himself. I
have no wealth, but what little I have I made
it myself by honest toil. How can a millionaire
sympathize with the wants of the common peo
ple, with whom he never comes in contact ex
cept about election time when he Is seeking
votes? I have nothing to say against Mr. Tobin
or Mr. Wells. One Is backed by unlimited cap
ital, and the other has behind him corrupt rail
road and political Influences. I have none of
theae recommendations for your suffrage. All
I have is my good name, and the respect your
kind reception assures me I have won. If you
elect me as your Mayor I assure you I will not
betray your trust. I will be the Mayor of the
people as a body and not of any particular
class. 1
Warm Reception at Temple.
The most demonstrative meeting at
tended by Schmitz was at Metropolitan
Temple, where a large audience awaited
his coming. The meeting was held under
the auspices of the non-parti.san conven
tion of the Federation of Municipal Im
provement Clubs. A set programme of
speeches and musical numbers was ren
dered. These included addresses by
Chairman H. V. Morehouse, T. V. Eddy
and several candidates on the labor
ticket, among them being Messrs. Robert
J. Loughery, McEntee. Dillon and
O'Brien. Songs were rendered by ama
teurs, to the delight of the audience, anil
music was furnished by a quartet of Fili
pinos.
When Schmitz appeared on the plat
furm the audience rose to its feet in a
body and cheered wildly. The demon
stration lasted fully three minutes, and
when quiet was restored Mr. Schmitz
said in part:
I sincerely thank you for this kind demon
stration. It goes without aaytng that I hay«
the welfare of the city at heart. It has been
said by my Democratic opponent that my elec
tion would plunge the city In turmoil and
trouble. Your reception convinces me you do
not share that sentiment. I wish to acknowl
edge the indorsement given my candidacy by
the Non-Partisan party. You who are taxpay
ers and property-holders hare given me your In
dorsement, and I am amply satisfied.
They have circulated false stories about m«
in this campaign, but thus far not a single
newspaper has found anything of a personal
nature to urge agaidst me. I think my record
will bear scrutiny. It is not probable that I.
who have made this city my home and reared a
family here, would do anything to plunge the
city in turmoil and trouble. If my election were
to result in that, it were far better I should be
defeated. If I am elected I will endeavor to
administer the duties of my office conscientious
ly honestly and fearlessly. After my term ha 3
expired I believe there will be nothing they can
say against me.
No Policemen on Trucks.
Schmitz next appeared before an au
dience in McGraths hall at 532 Third
street, whfre about 100 people were in at
tendance. He spoke briefly here, his
principal statement being that under his
administration as Mayor no policemen
would ever be employed at dr'ving
trucks. The statement was received
with cheers. Later in the evening
Schmitz addressed a small meeting of the
Sailors' Unton on East street, he a*»ur
'.r.g hi 3 hearers that if elected he would
leave no stone unturned to better the lot
of the laboring classes in the city. The
campaignit.g for the evening closed with
a brief talk before the Owls at t.ieir ball
in Washington-square Hall.
There is an unprecedented activity in
the building of churches in Chicago at
the present time, and, in spite of the la
bor difficulties which extended far into
the fall of last year, twenty-one churches
have been built since then or are still
building.
34
JEFFRIES SAYS HE CANNOT OUTLINE MANNER IN WHICH HE WILL FIGHT
WHEN HE STEPS INTO RING AT MECHANICS' PAVILION TO FACE RUHLIN
Champion's Plan of Action Will Depend on What
His Opponent Will Do--Promises a Merry Mill
if Ruhlin Stands Up and Exchanges Blows
MARBIN SPRINGS, Cal., Oct. 31.
Jeffries was in a reminiscent
mood yesterday. He seldom
voices his views, but when he
does his auditors pay heed to
what he says with a view to getting a
l:ne on the style of fighting he Intends
adopting when he meets Ruhlin. That
he Is going to play a tattoo upon Gus'
stomach is a certainty. He says two or
three "nlcs" in a man's eating apartment
usually make him think of protecting
that portion of his anatomy, thus leav
ing his head open for the coup de. grace.
"Choynskl," he said, "is the only man
in the ring who ever landed a blow
upon me that* I felt. It. was a straight
punch In the nose and made me rock.
Any other man would have given up the
struggle then and there, but I went right
after him. I would have had little trou
ble in defeating Joe that night in WodH
ward's Pavilion, but the Chief of Police
told me before I went into the ring that
if I roughed it he would stop the fight.
During the whole evening he had a cap
tain of police next to him, and I thought
it best not to go in too hard, for fear
they would stop the bout. I was
pretty green then. Choynski after
that fight picked me to be the coming
<-hampion of the world. He went to Chi
cago after the fight and told his friends
to look out for the big Californian. 1
know that Joe bet on me in every sub
sequent fight and won money.
"Fitzsimmons will never fight me
again. I feel sure of that. He practically
told his best friends, Lou Houseman and
George Siler cf Chicago, that he could
never liok me. In my fight with the
blacksmith he tried the left shift three
times on me and only landed once. The
blow was a heavy one and made me cau
tious. The next time he tried this pet
blow I stepped in and placed my head
upon his shoulder and laughed at him.
He tried it again later in the fight, but
1 side-stepped away.
Jeffries Discusses His "Weight.
"When ' 1 fought Fitzsimmons , I
weighed about 207 pounds. That is my
best fighting weight. My friends all think
I am at my best at —d pounds, but that
is not so. The night. I battled with Bob
I was In grand shape. We went at it
hammer .and tongs. I had not started
to fight when I knocked him out. I felt
then as if I could have fought all
Bight."
When Jeffries came in from his long
run last night he weighed about 215
pounds. He believes he can come down
to a lower notch on the balancing rod
and feel strong. Although he -weighs in
the neighborhood of 220 pounds he is as
active as a lightweight.
In speaking of his tight with Sharkey
he says the sailor should have won that
right as he was handicapped by an in
jury to his left arm.
"That night I actually had Sharkey
whipped in the first five rounds, but my
arm failed me. The first three wallops
with the left had Tom staggering. When
my left became crippled I simply used it
for blocking and used the right. I cer
tainly gave hint a terrible beating, and
1 do not think he has recovered from it.
He should have laid off two years, but
I guess if he had done so he would have
JOCKEY CLUB DIRECTORS DECIDE
ON THE NO-RECALL FLAG SYSTEM
At a meeting held by the stockholders
of the New California Jockey Club yes- I
terday the question as to whether or not I
the price of admission to the different j
tracks owned by the organization should [
be raised was ieft to the directors. After
some deliberation the latter body decided
\n get the general admission at $1 50 and
$1 for women's tickets. President Thomas
'*¦ '¦ Some men have a hobby of always paying
a high price for a hat — let them do so — we
don't want to discourage them —we sell * .V
$3 and $4 hats oursel ves. V
Some men pay $1.50. or so for their every-day hats.
These are the men we wish to have try one of our 90c hats. >
They can have a big: selection to choose from in soft and
stiff shapes in all the popular colors, and the hats are the equal of
any $1.50 hats sold regularly at that price anywhere in San Fran-
cisco. We are positive of this — and so are the customers who have
tried these 90c hats.
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
SfIWOQPSfO
718 Market ; Street.
been a back number. I was not In the
best " of shape when I fought the sailor.
You can rest assured I will never be
caught out of condition again."
Some friend wrote Jim that Ruhlin was
cultivating a stomach so as to enter the
ring heavy. Jeffries said this was bad
Judgment upon Gus' part. He stated
that no man could fight fast with a stom
ach, nor could he go the route In that
direction.
Jim received a number of visitors yes
terday. The first thing he did was to in
vite them into his •'menagerie." He calls
his Bleeping apartment such because of
the firearms, cartridges and other sport-
Ing paraphernalia that litter the room.
Having shown them his guns he laugh
ingly told of hla experiences while out
shooting. Jim is an interesting talker.
He narrated the story of the coon hunt
and the capture of the animal at the ex
pense of his good-natured sparring part
ner, Bob Armstrong.
In the Handball Court.
Jeffries still taboos boxing. He is not
taking any chances with his right arm.
He strained it while playing baseball at
Latalina Island a few munths ago. It is
gradually losing its soreness. He punches
the bag with incredible speed, skips the
rope, rows and piays handball. Yesterday
he gave an exhibition of his prowess at
the game. His speed in the handball
alley was remarkable. Corbett certainly
played a fast game and Jeffries is not far
behind him when he warmed up to his
work. He played handball with The
Call's correspondent and beat him three
straight games. The contest was highly
t-xciting and the spectators enjoyed the
big fellow's fast foot ¦work.
Jim is strong and rugged. The -month's
stay in this vicinity has done him a world
of good. The tramps he has taken over
the mountains have benefited his win']
and added strength to his underpinning.
He believes this is one of the best places
in the country for a man to gain strength.
Corbett was the first boxer to train at
Harbin. The Hay-es Valley boxer trained
here for his memorable barge fight with
Joe Choynski. "While up here Corbett
made a record climbing the steep moun
tain in front of the hotel that stood for
many years. Jeffries believes in hill
climbing, but, like a wise man, does not
risk his neck breaking records.
"I have been asked time and again how
I am going to fight Ruhlin." Jeffries said.
"The question cannot be answered at this
time. It will depend wholly upon my op
ponent. If he stands up and gives blow
for blow there will be a merry time in
store for him and the spectators will see
some real fighting. If, however, Ruhlin
should run away I will simply stand and
laugh at him. It would be a waste of time
to chase him around the ring. We are
both there to test our supremacy. I will
po to the center and -vrlll not break
ground. I have never done bo and actu
ally don't know how to retreat."
jim was in a happy mood last night.
With brother Jack and a few others he
tied a cow bell under Bob Armstrong's
bed. and when the big colored boxer was
dreaming of chickens Jen* gave the stringr
a couple of jerks. The old bell clanged
loudly In the still night and Bob jumped
Crotn the bed with a yell. He soon dis
covered the cause of the disturbance and
opened his window and admonished tho
jokers to "go awa-a-a-y back and sit
down."
H. Williams Jr. said his club had prom
ised a year ago to shorten the racing sea
son and that this would be done; that
it would endeavor to furnish the public
with only the highest class sport and as
the opportunity arrived richer purses and
etakes would be hung up for horsemen.
In the East and on the tracks of the Con
tinent it costs all the way from $2 to $15
to visit the racecourse. There appears to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, T9OI. .
WHITNEY SELLS
ENGLISH STABLE
Commences Disruption of
Heath House Stud.
NEWMARKET, Oct. SL— The first im
portant step toward the disruption of
William C. Whitney's racing establish
ment at Heath House was the sale to-day
of ten of his racers.
The Mount Vernon filly brought the best
price, £3200. Watershed, the winner of
the Cambridgeshire stakes yesterday, for
which Mr. Whitney paid £200 when J. B.
Haggin, the Californian, sold a batch of
yearlings here, brought £2600. Holstein
was sold for £2200, Convamore for £910,
the Shibboleth, filly for £500, De Lacy for
£400 and Luke Ward for £480.
When the racing started to-day the
Americans continued their success, which
was the feature of yesterday's races.
London (Maher) won the Houghton Handicap,
distance five furlongs and 140 yards.
Game Chick (J. ReifC) won the Dewhurst
Plate, distance teven furlongs.
Desinvolture (Maher) won a two-year-old
selling plate, distance five furlongs.
King's Corner (Maher) won the Jockey Club
Cup, distance two miles two furlongs and
thirty-five yards. Santa Claus second and Wil
liam C. Whitney's Elkhorn (J. Relff) third.
Sorciere (J. Rein") won the Ditch Mile Welter
Handicap, distance one mile. Emperador (J.
H Martin) was second and Good Ender third.
be little or no complaint from local pa
trons here at the increase.
It was decided that the usual practice
of issuing complimentary passes to the
! track should be totally abolished. Thifi
action rnei with the hearty approval of
! the stockholders.
The directors also decided to abolish the
recall flag in starting. This action will
no doubt please horsemen, for they seem
a unit in declaring against the ilag.
¦ Mr. Jerry Driscoll, representing Kainey
& Driscoll, came before the board and
said that because of the fact that the
stockholders, with the consent of the
board of directors, had decided to charge
an admission fee to the track of $1 50 for
men and 11 for women, the firm desired
to withdraw its bid for the privilege of
the field books. The withdrawal was ac
cepted, and the field book privilege is
therefore now open to the highest bidder.
Joseph A. Murphy, accompanied by his
family, arrived from St. Louis yesterday
and registered at the Occidental Hotel.
The Mound City racing official will, as
usual, fill the position of presiding judge
at Oakland to-morrow. He reports that
Dan Honig recently purchased a couple
of horses and would undoubtedly make
the California trip.
Starter "Jake" Holtman, looking the
picture of health, stepped off last night's
overland after a very successful season
with the flag on the Chicago tracks. Jake
favors the recall flag, but said "All right,
if the public don't like it give them what
they do like." Mrs. Holtman accompanies
her husband.
E. T. Martin, who booked successfully
at Harlem and the other Western tracks,
is due here to-night. Henry Frolich and
some other turf talent are also du6.
Jack Willis is among the recent turf ar
rivals.
The Burns & Waterhouse string, about
twenty, were shipped to Oakland yester
day from Tanforan. The balance of the
horses are now quartered at Ingleside
track.
OLD RESIDENT CAIxLED
TO GREAT BEYOND
James Stanton Dies After a lingering
Illness at His Home in This
City.
James Stanton. an old resident of this
city, died yesterday after a lingering Ill
ness. The deceased was the father of the
late Dr. John Stanton, who was formerly
a Railroad Commissioner and Coroner oi
this city.
James Stanton was one of the original
owners of the Allison Ranch mine at Grass
Valley. The deceased leaves two son's and
two daughters, Frank Stanton, William
Stanton, Mrs. D. Buckley and Mrs.
George Barron.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell is still in the fight
and will surely win this time, as the
unions are now In his favor. Be sure ,*o
vote for him for Mayor by writing his
name with a lead pencil at the head of the
hiohk column. •
THE AKRON GIANT, CHAL
LENGER FOR BOXING CHAM
PIONSHIP OF THE WORLD.
DUKELOW PUTS
HAWLEY AWAY
Exciting Bouts at Hayes
Valley Club.
The monthly exhibition of the Hayos
Valley Athletic Club was held last night
in Mechanics' Pavilion annex. Con Shee
han, George Green's newly discovered
light heavy-weight, and Ed Smith, Bay
City Athletic Club, were programmed to
furnish one of the main events of the
evening. After a hugging match that
lasted about half a round Smith's Jaw
collided with Sheehan's left hand and he
went to the canvas and was counted out.
J. J. Dukelow, champion welter-weight
of America, and Charles Hawley, Bay
City Athletic Club, were also down on ..he
bill as another main tvent, but Dukelow
robbed the bout of interest by landing a
terrific right swing in the first round
which sent Hawley to the floor In a heap.
He took the count and stumbled to his
feet only to be knocked down again.
Dukelow went right to his opponent,
knocking him down five or six times. In
the second round Dukelow drew Hawley
out with a feint and then sent a trip
hammer right to his short ribs. Hawley
went to the feathers for keeps and was
counted out.
Billy Ingnam and Harry Bowers
weighed in at 160 pounds and furnished
the most exciting bout of the evening.
When the gong brought them to the cen
ter of the ring they went to work with
a vim. Bowers caught Ingham with a
right Jolt on the Jaw and for a moment
It seemed all over but the shouting. Ing
ham managed to last the round by clinch
ing, and at the close landed a swing en
Bowers' Jaw that put him on his
haunches. In the second round Ingham's
head cleared and he did some fast fight
ing. Bowers met his onslaughts with
right and left counters, but Ingham man
aged to land a left hook on his oppo
nent's jaw which ended the bout.
Barney Driscoll and Mart Attel, two
105 pounders, boxed a draw. Robby John
son and Pete Carroll, also 105 pounders,
put up a clever exhibition for four rounds,
at the end of which Johnson was declared
the winner.
Jack Mitchell, secured the decision over
Mickey Welch at the end of four rounds.
Each weighed 112 pounds.
Fred Bell and Jack Crowe went at each
other In a harmless way. The bout was
called a draw.
"Jlmmie" McDevltt refereed the contest,
while "Doc" Flynn Judged.
. ? •
PRESIDENT E. P. RIPLEY
OF THE SAiNTA FE ARRIVES
Is on Annual Tour of Inspection and
Expects to Remain Here Sev
eral Days.
President E. P. Ripley of the Santa Fe
Railroad Company arrived here last even-
Ing and Is staying at the Palace. He Is
on his annual tour of inspection, and If
accompanied by Vice _ Presidents Paul
Morton and Kendrick.
President Ripley said last evening in an
interview that he was thoroughly satis
fied with the management of the road on
the coast, and that there would be no
changes In he staff.
He says that the work of filling China
basin will be jiushed to a rapid comple
tion. President Ripley expectb to remain
here several days.
BIG DEMAND
FOR THE TICKETS
Football Admission Cards
Going Fast.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 31.—
Tickets for the Intercollegiate football
game on November 9 were placed on sale
at the gridiron box office at 1:30 o'clGck
this afternoon by Treasurer Edwards. In
less than three hours over seven hundred
tickets had been ' scrld, realizing about
$1500 in cash. Students lined up before the
office at least an hour apd a half before
the sale began in order to get first choice
of seats. Many of them purchased the
limit of twenty tickets in order to get de
sirable seats for friends unable to come
to the office early in the afternoon. The
remainder of the tickets will be sold at
the university bookstore, and indications
are pointing to an exceedingly large sale.
Bert Oliver is said to~ be the choice of
the majority of the college coaches and
officials for the exacting position of ref
eree at the intercollegiate football game.
Coach Fickert of Stanford is, it is
claimed, the only one holding out against
his selection. Oliver has proved the best
official seen here this season. He under
stands the game thoroughly and insists
on everybody on the field playing fairly.
He has allowed no side line coaching.
Tickets for the game will be placed on
sale in this city to-morrow at noon at
Clabrough, Golcher & Co.'s and H. Skin
ner's.
The Reliance and Olympic Athletic Clib
teams have let up in their training. They
will resume practice again- at once if a
match game is arranged between them.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
How the Horses Finished at Aque
duct, Lakeside and Latonia.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— Aqueduct results:
First race, six furlones, selling— Sadducee
won, Alsaca second. Federalist third. Time,
1:14 2-5.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards,
Belling— Sweet Tooth won. Lamp O'Lee second.
Animosity third. Time, 1:46 3-5.
Third race, the Babylon handicap, five and a
half furlongs — Josepha won, Bon Mot second,
Major DanKerfield third. Tithe, l:i>8.
Fourth race, the Edgemore handicap, one
mile and seventy yards — Ethics won, Lombre
second, Roxane third. Time, 1:46 3-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Tenapra won.
Pearl Finder second, Arrah Gowan third.
Time. 1:28 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Mollie Peyton won. Carl Kahler second,
Jim McGinben third. Time, 1:47.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31.— Lakeside results:
First race, six furlongs— Marcos won. In
spector Shea second, Dandola third. Time,
1:15.
Second race, six furlonars— Harry Herendeen
won. The Boer second, Bummer third. Tim«,
1:14.
Third race, one mile — Omdurman won, Mira
cie II second, W. J. Deboe third. Time,
1:40 3-5.
Fourth race, one mite— Hermencia won, Hav!
land second, Andes third. Time. 1:40 3-5.
Fifth race, one mile and ieventy yards— Guy
H won. Little Lol second, Fleet Wing third.
Time, 1:47 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards— Mary
Moore won. Zack Phelps second. Azim third.
Time, 1:48 2-5.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 31.— Fair Grounds summary:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Byrne
of Roscoe won, Meditation second. Royal Ath
lete third. Time. 1:07%.
Second race, six furlongs— Peaceful won.
Lady Strathmore second, Huntressa third
Time, 1:14%.
Third race, six furlongs— Ed L won, Jake
Weber second, Grantor third. Time. 1:14.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth — South
Breeze won. Oudenarde second, Albert F
Dewey third. Time, 1:48.
Fifth race, one mile— Felix Bard won. Skill
man second. Alice Turner third. Time. 1:43.
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles— Kisme
won. Charles D second, Miss Theresa third.
Time, 2:10.
CINCIKNATI, Oct. 31.— Latonia results:
First race, seven furlongs, Belling— Albert
Lee won. Mr. Pomeroy second, Jeana third
Time, 1:29%. „
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Balm
of Gilead won. Harry New second. Hermoso
third. Time, 1:08.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards —
Uledt won. Van Hoorebeke second. Hi Nock"eT
third. Time, 1:45.
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs— Sevoy
won, Maggie Felix second, Anna Bain third
Time, 1:13%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Martha D
won, Lauretta Burke second, Lathrop third.
Time. 1:16%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Ecome
won. John Grlgsby second. Maple third. Time,
1:28%.
The Challenger for the Championship Expresses
Confidence in His Ability to Wrest the Title
From the Angelano at Their Coming Meeting
JOE KENNEDY trudged over the
Six-mile House hill to Blanken's
yesterday to see Jim Jeffries' next
opponent. Ruhlin was in the gym
nasium doing his daily afternoon
stunt when he spied Joe coming down the
road and went to the door to meet him.
The two big fellows shook hands warmly
and the ta!k Instantly centered upon Jef
fries and the coming fight.
"If you went at it the other night over
in Oakland as cautiously as you did when
you fought me out here," said Ruhlin, "I
think you would have stayed the limit."
Kennedy laug-hed and replied, "Well,
Gus, I hope you do better than I did. but
when I went into that ring with Jeffries I
had no intention of simply trying to stay
the limit. There was a chance for me
to secure the heavyweight title and I
went right to my quarry to win."
"i have seen Jeffries in a great many
of his fights, Joe," put in Ruhlin. "but the
best showing- I ever saw him make was
with you the other night. He fought
faster and cleverer than ever I saw Mm
before and the battle gave me a line on
several things that are going to help me a
great deal in this fight."
Kennedy, and Ruhlin talked seriously in
this strain for several minutes and then
commenced to joke one another about the
time Joe gained the decision over Gus in a
twenty-round contest at Woodward's Pa
vilion. While Charlie Goft was rubbing
Ruhlin down after his afternoon "gym"
work Kennedy commented upon Ruhlin's
fine appearance. Joe admitted that Ruh
lin looked fully twenty pounds heavier
than he did when he boxed him.
Some Fun With Jeff's Picture.
In Ruhlin's training quarters there is a
large sized lithograph of Jeffries. Ruhlin
takes a look at it now and again and then
turns loose some of his ready wit. While
sparring around the room at an imaginary
foe Gus often stops in front of the pic
ture and feints and fiddles in a way which
gives rise to all sorts of expressions from
the spectators. The picture is directly be
tween puhlin's big made-to-order punch
,,,,., . » » » » t i .». T.i
SENATORS WIN A GAME CLEVERLY
FROM UNCLE'S BASEBALL STARS
The baseball enthusiasts so fortunate as
to be rjresent at Recreation Part yester
day saw one of ti:e greatest games of the
year, incorporated with which were a
number of play 3 not often seen here. The
Same was won in the tenth inning by
Sacramento by a score of 2 to 1.
¦\Vhalen pitched for Uncle Henry's men
and was unusually wild, sending eight
men to first on passes. This did not have
any bearing on the outcome of the game,
as none of the men scored.
The Wasps scored their first and only
run in the fourth. Hildebrand bunted to
Pitcher Dojrte, who threw wild to first,
sending "HiMe" to second and then to
third. Pabst hit a hot one to Devertaux,
wi-o recovered the ball in time to retire
thj: batter at first. Hildebrand scored on
thi> play.
Stanley was the first Senator to make a
circuit of the bases. He hit to 'Jimmy' 1
Whalen, who fumbled the ball, letting him.
reach first in safety. He went to second
on a passed ball and scored on Sheehan's
hit over second, on which the batter made
second. With two out and the bases full
Hoffer flew out, retiring the side.
The winning run was scored in the last
half of the tenth. Davis, the first man
up. sent the ball put to the left field fence
for two bags. McLaughlin hit to Whalen,
who threw wild to rhird to head off Davis.
The Senator raced home with the win
ning run.
In the seventh Sheehan hit safely. the
ball rolling between "Josh" Reilly's legs.
He stole second and third and started
home on Courtney's hit. Flood, who was
coaching at third, ran in ahead of him
to rattle the catcher. Flood crossed the
plate and Sheehan was called "out" be
cause of the coacher's interference.
Coachers have often run part way home,
but It is a long time since any one went
to the extreme which Flood did.
In the ninth inning your I'ncle Henry
Harris showed how well up he Is on
technical "baseball. With one man on base
and two out Courtney, the star batter of
the league, was up. A hit meant a run
and the game. Harris told Whalen to
pitch to the first baseman instead of tak
ing a chance with Courtney. This resulted
in giving the Senator a pass to first.
Hoffer forced him out at second, retiring
the side. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Nordyk<\ cf. 4 0 0 0 2 10
Wilson, c 5 0 0 0 4 10
Hildebrand, If 4 12 0 10 0
Schwartz, rf. 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Pabst lb. 4 0 0 1 9 o 0
Krug, :b 4 0 2 15 3 0
Shay, s. s 3 0 0 0 3 3 0
J Iteilly. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 2 1
Whalen. p. 4 0 10 0 3 2
Totals 35 1 6 2 *26 13 ~3
•Doyle out; hit by batted ball; no one out
when winning run was scored.
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E
Flood, 2b. 2 0 0 14 3 1
Sheehan. 3b. 5 0 2 1 3 2 1
Courtney, cf * 0 2 0 0 0 0
Hoffer, rf 5 0 112 0 0
Davis, lb. 3 1 1 0 10 0 0
McLaughlin. If 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Devereaux. s. s 4 0 0 1 2 2 o
Stanley, c 4 1 0 0 8 2 0
Doyle, p. 4 0 0 0 0 J l
Totals 32 2 6 4 30 11 3
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 00100000 o—l
Base hits 0 0 1 2 0 3 0 0 1 o— <
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 I—2
Base hits 0 00110111 1— «
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whalen 1. Doyle 1
Two-base hits— Sheehan, Davis. Sacrifice hits
—Davis, Schwartz. First base on erroxs-«an
Francisco 2. Sacramento 2. First base on call
ed balls— San Francisco 2, Sacramento 8 Left
on baseS^San Francisco 7. Sacramento 12.
Struck out— By Whalen 2. by Doyle S. Hit by
pitcher— Courtney. Double plays— Stanley to
Devereaux; Wilson to Krug. Passed ball
Wilson. Time of gamo— l:ss. Umpire— Harper
Official scorer— McFarlin.
Oakland Plays Badly.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 31.-The Oakland
Cripples put up a miserable exhibition to
day. There was scarcely any competition
to the game. Babbitt piled up three er
ing bag and a sack of grain suspended
from the wall by a heavy cord an im
provised de«d bag. as It were, whlcr.
bangs away at to get the range and sen
sation of punching a man 3 body
takes a turn at the regular ball rtrs
Ing at it with terrific power and spe^-i.
and then suddenly switches with a side
step to the sack of grain. In makins thia
switch yesterday Gus let a terrific left
hand rip go toward Jeff's picture and then
pulled it back just in time to save his mite
from Injury on the thick wall. "If it was
only as soft as that," laughed Gus as he
turned his eyes, which were shining with
an amused light, toward the lithograph.
Predicts a New Cnampion.
"You can say for me that there will be
a new champion after we get together,
said Ruhlin as he stepped into his clothes
after his rub. "I feel more confident
of winning than I ever did in any of my
fights. I don't know why this is so, but
I really feel as if I am going to give bin.
the same medicine I gave Sharkey. I
won't even give him a look-in If ever U
starts to come my way."
Ruhlin is one of those fighters who can
take a beating when tlie tide of battle is
ebbing against him, and on the other
Land when it comes his way he generaily
flghts his man as near to the floor a-*
the referee will let him.
Gus is a believer in novelties in train
ing. Unlike the large percentage of fight
ers who train according to strict rules,
he has methods of his own. Instead of
doing his road work all muffled up with
extra sweaters and cumbersome clothes.
Gus takes to the road clad in a woolen
suit and a light sweater. In the gymna
sium he works out in a small breech
cloth. He believes the body should be
lightly clad on all occasiona to allow th»»
free flow of perspiration.
Speaking of the plars to take the pic
tures of the fight, Ruhlin said his mana
ger Billy Madder, would do whatever ho
thought best in the matter. "Persona My.
I have no objection to fighting before a
camera." he said. 'If it ia bad for
me it will be equally bad for Jeffries."
Madden was in town all day arranging
matters pertaining to the proposed plan
of taking pictures of the fight.
tots in the fifth inning and aided Los An
geles to a bunch of runs. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphill. 1. f 3 0 0 2 11 0
Dougherty r. f...... 4 11 1100
Householder, c. f... 4 1 1 0 10 0
Reitz. 2b.... 4 110 2)
Klhm. lb 9 1 10 13 1 0
Reil'.y. Zb... 12 10 0 0)
Hall. a. a 4 0 0 0 111
Spies, c 4 0 0 1 9 0 0
Altrock. p 4 0 0 1 • I • 0
Totals ....» • 7 "£ 8* XI U 1
._ . OAKLAND. ,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Francka, c. f „ 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Mohler. 2b 4 0 0 0 4 11
Dunleavy. 3b .... 4 o—o 0... 1 ._ 6 2
Moskiman. L I 4 0 1 0 10 0
Easran. lb 2 0 0 0 10 0 0
Babbitt, s. a 3 0 0 0 0 0 3
Hanson, r. f 3 i) 0 0 0 0 0
Lohman. c X-0 0 0 • 0 0
Schmidt, p ...3 0 2 0-0 > 0
Totals ....... ......29 0 3 0 H 9 ~^*
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Anireles 10015000 •— 7
Base hits 10013009 •— 5
Oakland .-;. 00000000 o— >
Base hits .0 10 0 0 1 0 0 1-3
SfcTMMART
Runs responsible for— Schmidt "J. Twc~base
hit — Householder. Sacrifice hit — Dougherty
First base on errors— Los Aftgeles 5 Oakland
1. First base on called balls— Los Angeles 4.
Oakland 3. Left on bases— Angeles 9. Oak
landl4. '£ truck out-By Altrock 8. by Schmidt
6. Hit by pitcher— Hemphill. Double play—
Hemphill to Kihm. Wild Ditches— 2.
Time of game— Umpire— Levy
WELLS DEFEMDS MISSION TRACKS
Continued From Page Three.
entirely removed from the Mission? I think
not. I my«elf find it convenient when I go
down the road to San Mateo and San Jose.
in coming home, to leave the train at Valen
cia street or Mission street. I think many of
you find that to be the case yourselves. I can
say to you. however, that the matter.' ha.<
never been suggested to me In any way, shape
or form from the railroad people. In fact, I
have nothing to do with it. but as a matter of
public convenience. I think there are some
tninss to be considered In this matter, and
when that question should come before me,
if it ever does, I shall consider It in the same
care f? 'manner that a Judge upon the bench
would do. My friends. 1 don't think I should
talk any longer this evening. I am very glad ,
£ mee .v y( LvL v - and lt e 'ted I shall endeavor
to do the best I can for the people.
Calls Himself the Mayor. '
The task of going from one meeting to
another In the course of an evening
caused considerable delay In the appear
ance of Mr. Wells at the gathering of Re
publican voters of the Thirty-ninth Dis
trict, held at Saratoga Hall, 816 Geary
street. , .
The hall was well filled, many ladles be
ing in th audience, and the reception ac
corded Wells was so different to those he
had received at earlier meetings that he :
fairly beamed with delight and referred to
himself as -the Mayor of San Francisco."
_ v\. J. Herrln occupied the chair and ad
dresses were delivered by Samuel M.
Shortridge, A. Baker. J. M. Wllklns. John
La^kmar.n. Dr. C. A. Glover, Char A -
Low and J. w. Offerman.
Mr. Wells" speech there was very short
and was as follows:
Ladles and Gentlemen I appear before you
; this evening as your candidate for May rep
resenting the Republican party at the heat
of the municipal ticket. I do not know that
there la very much new that I can say to you
this evening. Most • every thing regarding thi3
campaign has already been said %icept per
haps, that you wanted to see the Mayor. You
have heard of me. There has been many
things said about me. Some of them are true.
They say I was born about ten years too early
for this campaign, but [ can assure you that*
L I am elected Mayor I shall be -Mayor lM
ban Francisco. I am subject to nc man— no 7
corporation. I am entirely ¦ independent. No
body has asked me for anything; I have prom
ised nothing and shall promise nothing except
to you. that if I am elected and have your af
fairs la hand, I will do the best I can.SHIP SEA WITCH ARRIVES IN TOW
OF THE RED STACK TUG SEA QUEEN
She Was on Fire in Manila Bay and Later Went to Hongkong for Repairs,
but Now Comes to San Francisco for an Overhauling— -Mail Company's
Steamship City of Peking Sails for Ports of the Orient via Honolulu
-HE BRITISH SHIP SEA WITCH THAT WAS DAMAGED IN A FIRE IN MANILA COMING INTO PORT IN TOW
OF THE TUG SEA QUEEN. THE VESSEL. WILL BE OVERHAULED HERE AND WILL LOAD GRAIN FOR
EUROPE.
THE British ship Sea Witch arrived
from Hongkong yesterday in tow
of the tug Sea Queen. She made
the run in fifty-nine days and had
an uneventful passage. The vessel
was on fire in the harbor of Manila nearly
ago She was badly damaged and
to Hongkong for repairs. She was
overhauled there but came here in
I and will be extensively fixed up
accepting a grain cargo for Eu-
DEPARTURE OF THE PEKING.
Takes Away a Very Large Cargo but
Not Many Passengers.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of Pe
king sailed for the Orient yesterday with
a very large cargo, principally flour. A
nunber of Chinese took passage in the
steerage. The cabin passengers were the
following named: . *¦
For Honolulu — Miss L.. Barnes, Miss D.
Barres. A. Blum. Mrs. R. C. Brown and two
children. Major W. E. Blrkheimer. Colonel C.
(C. L B. Davis, H. Doden, Cheong Fong, Judge
W. ?. Frear, Mrs. W. F. Frear. H. M. Hep
hum, Colonel W. H. Heuer, L. S. Hiorth. Lee
Guey Hon. Lee Kirn. F. Rutsch, F. A. Schae
fer." Mrs. F. A. Schaefer and four children,
Mrs. S. J. -¦.-pie and child, L. F. Sternemann,
Mrs. L. F. Sternemann.
For Yokohama— H. D. Bowles. Lawrence
3roo)ts K. W. Brown. Mrs. E. W. Brown, Dr.
IV. C Fitch. Max Helbing, W. Lent. Lteuten
jnt Z. C. Marfh, Mrs. C. C. Marsh. Barnes
Moss, lIX, Bani»s Moss and child, C. Shiba,
Fred Spang, B. Sugino.
For Kobe— M. Abe.
For Nagasaki— William Schroder.
For Shanghai— Mrs. H. T. Epler, C. S. Mel
hurst, Mrs. C. S. Medhurst and Infant.
For Hongkong — Mrs. A. M. Campbell. Mrs.
E. r-URgan. Miss E. Duggan, Charles Emmel,
Rev. T. Emmott. Mrs. J. E. Galbraith and in
tent, W. F. Gwynne. Mrs. W. F. Gwynne and
three children* Dr. C. W. Jones, T. D. Long,
Mrs. T. D. Long. H. G. Ponting, A. E. Roe,
tOm Roe. H. T. Stafford. M. H. Samson, Mrs.
B. E Thompson, Mrs. A. "Winne.
Major Birkheimer. Colonel Davis and
Co'cnel Heuer are going to the Philippines
in connection with the improvements in
Marila harbor. Lieutenant C. C. Marsh is
an c ache of the "United States Legation
at Yokohama. He is accompanied by his
¦alfc, who is the daughter of "Bob"
Water Front Notes.
Tte schooner Abbey arrived from Eu- I
fJgSP^ f or S4S2J
If H Last Wednesday morning the sale of Felts' lk^\
I M ne s^ oes * or ladies opened and the enthusiasm |l I
{*« was i ntense - Since the opening there has been a M 1
J H constant stream of eager customers, all anxious |111 1
I|H to secure an $3 or $10 shoe for $4. They knew 11 I
IHi full well that Felts' was the most elegant stock ftfl J
IPi of stylish footwear for ladies ever shown in San 1 1
IHI Francisco, and they knew what it meant when : 3
lIS these $6.. $7, $3 and $10 shoes were to be had |
j p for $4. They were simply paying \ what they - rajl
j X usually did for an ordinary shoe and were get* ;••«
IE: j ting the finest shoes that 1 human skill can R|j
1%; By all means don't miss this opportunity Eg/
l>rl even if you dont need the shoes for six months Bjijj
J llf The other shoes of the stock, including tin
|1 the $4 and $5 values, will be sold for $3.50. fcfl
I|l . The sale is being held by the Walk-over fefl
US Shoe Store, who bought out Felts in order to ?\
'rli put in a full line of Walk-over Shoes for ladies. |: : :1
11 THE I
1 Walk=over Shoe Store I
I w Successor to Felts, |i
a924-926MarketSt. JL-
reka yesterday and landed one of her
crew. During: the run down the coast Otto
Anderson was taken sick and later be
came insane. He will be sent to an asy
lum.
The schooner E. K. Wood, that went on
Smiths Island, has been hauled off and
found not to be seriously damaged. The
rudder and part of the keel were gone and
some other damage to the hull Is reported.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Airy Turner will load merchandise for
Hilo and the Coronado same for Honolulu.
The French bark Dueresclin is chartered to
load wheat at Portland for Europe, 41s 3d,
prior to arrival: the French bark Pierre I^otl,
wheat at this port for Europe. 32s 6d ; tiie
British bark Kilmeny, same, 37s 6d, prior to
arrival.
The French bark Henriette will load lumber
at Portland for Europe; the schooner Joseph
Ru^s-, lumber at same port for Honolulu.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The steamer City of Peking sailed yesterday
Eat China and Japan with a general cargo
valued at $287,354, manifested and destined as
follows: For China. $221,116; Japan, -*32.523,
Manila. 523.785: East Indies, SBC43; Vladivostok,
$678; Korea. $735; Siam. MIL The following
were the principal exports:
To China — 494 bxs apples. 4 ere bicycles, 250
pkfc-s bottled beer. 2745 lbs butter. 945 cs canned
goods. 1250 lbs codfish, 20 pkg-s 6644 lbs cheese,
£05 pkgp dry goods, 1933 bales domestics, 12 cs
drugs. 2500 lbs dried fruit. 13,895 bbl6 flour,
1719 pkgs groceries and provisions, 12,913 lbs
ginseng. 1 cs 17,408 lbs ham and bacon, 6 cs
hardware. 900 lbs lard, 174 cs liquors, 10 bxs
lemons, 5000 lbs pearl barley. 250 sks 1002 crs
potatoes, 10 bxs paste. 37 pkgs rubber goods.
1350 lbs raisins, 305 cs salmon, 250 lbs tapioca,
4 cs 24 gals wine.
To Japan — 24 crs bicycles and sundries, 3 pkgs
10S7 lbs butter, 151 cs canned goods, 3904 lbs
coffee, 4000 lbs codfish, 14 cs dry goods. 8 pkgs
750 lbs dried fruit, 9 cb electrical supplies, 510
bls flour. 424 pkgs groceries and provisions. 29
cs hardware. 793 lbs hops. 812 lbs ham and
bacon. 3102 pigs lead, 84 pkfrs leather, 17 pkgs
machinery. 3311 lbs mustard seed, 800 lbs mill
stuffs. 15 cs rubber shoes, 17 pkgs rubber goods,
1450- lbs raisins. 49,736 lbs soda ash, 3250 lbs
sugar. 25 cs soap, 20 bbls oak extract, 52,915
lbs tanbark, 15 cs whisky, 252 bdls wire.
To Manila— ls4l cs canned goods, 26 crs bi
cycles and sundries, 1 pkg machinery. 47,315
lbs malt, 1405 gals 900 cs whisky, 1254 gals
brandy. 307 cs liquors, 40 bales oakum, 5 cs
dry goods. 14 cs drugs. 500 doors, 395 pkga
groceries and provisions.
To East Indies— 92s cs salmon, 2600 lbs dried
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
fruit. 456 gals wine. 12 pkgs wagon material,
144 lbs chocolate, £97 cs canned goods, 800 lbs
lard, 467 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1250
Lbs cheese, 2250 lbs hops.
To Korea— l 7 i>kgs groceries and provisions,
3 crs stoves. 10 pkgs household goods, 1 cs
dry goods. 4 cs electrical supplies, 125 lbs sugar,
5 cs canned goods. 750 lbs mlllstuffs.
To Vladivostok— l2so lbs prunes, 3 pkgs ma
chinery, 1 cr bicycles. 5 bdls pipe, 10 cs canned
goods, 10 pkgs groceries and provisions, 150 bxs
green fruit.
To Siam— lo2 pkgs groceries and provi»ions.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low .waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both placea.
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1.
Sun rises 6:35
Sun sets 5:12
Moon rises 10:13 p. m.
ITimel Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. FC
|HWLW H W L W
1 ... 3:56 4.9 8:36 3.2 2:36 5.5 9:39 -0.4
2 .. 4:55 5.0 10:00 3.2 3:46 5.2 10:40 0.0
3 ... 5:51 5.2 11:24 2.8 5:02 4.9 11:3S 0.4
4 ... 6:44 5.3 12:401 2.4 6:23 4.5
LWHW! L W H W
5 ... 0:34 0.8 7:30 5.5 1:41 1.9 7:40 4.4
6 ...I 1:29 1.1 8:14 5.6 2:32 1.4 8:44 4.4
7 .. 2:15 1.4 8:51 5.7 3:15 0.9 9:43 4.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in ad
dition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
J. S. Kimball. Seattle and Tacoma.... |Nov. 1
San Pedro San Pedro jNov. 1
Columbia Portland and Astoria. . Nov. 1
Rainier | Seattle & N. WhatcomjNov. 1
Washtenaw 1 Tacoma |Nov. 1
Pomona Humboldt INov. 1
Crescent City. Crescent City |Nov. 2
Prosreso Seattle Nov. 2
Despatch San Pedro Nov. 2
Mandalay | Coquille River Nov. 2
Santa Barbara i San Pedro Nov. 2
Noyo I Humboldt Nov. 3
Wellington Oyster Harbor Nov. 3
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 3
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Nov. 3
Newport Panama & Way Ports Nov. 3
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 3
Ventura Sydney A Way Ports.. Nov. 4
Maria Nanalmo Nov. 4
Empire 'Coos Bay Nov. 4
Peru ! Valparaiso & Way Pts. Nov. 5
G. W. Elder...! Portland and Astoria.. Nov. 6
Santa Rosa I San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Point Arena... j Point Arena Nov. 7
Newburg ' Grays Harbor Nov. 7
Algoa China and Japan Nov. 7
r "rona San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 7
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 8
Hongkong Mai China and Japan Nov. 8
North Fork Humboldt |Nov. 8
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
November 1.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor 12 m|Pier 2
San Pedro... Humboldt 10 ami Pier 2
November 2.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Despatch Seattle direct 5 pm Pier 16
laqua Humboldt 5 pm Pier —
Santa Barb., j Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Alameda Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 ami Pier 9
North Fork.. Humboldt » am | Pier 1
American Honolulu Pier 20
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
November 3.
Pomona Humboldt l:S0 p Pter 0
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Pisr i
November 4.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 5.
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Mandalay Coquille River Pier 2
Kur-^ka Humboldt | 9 am Pier U
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Noyo Humboldt 5 pm Pier Z
November 6.
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
! November 7.
Sesostrls Hamburg & Way Pier 27
Gaelic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Curacao I Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
November 8.
San Jose Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
November 9.
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Peru Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. j Due.
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. (Nov. 1
Humboldt Skapuay & Way Porte. INov. 3
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. INov. 6
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. INov. 7
City of Topeka SkaKuay & Way Ports. l Nov. 9
Bertha Valdez & Kodiak Nov. 10
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 31.
Stmr laqua, Gunderson, 21 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, S5 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 38 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena, Hanccn, 1* hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Celia, Adler, 18 hours from Albion.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, 68 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 39 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Jeanie, Mason, 16 days from Uyak Bay,
via Seattle 5 days.
Stmr Scotia, Walvig, 64 hours from San
Pedro.
s!s^_~^^sE^E: '" . .__..! ~ THE EDIPOBITJM. | . the emporium. | THE emporium
|.» "• ', ¦". :--'.- ': ' " •' — ¦ — —^ :: — ¦ ¦ — _— « 3
$ I Bargain Friday at San Francisco's Fastest Growing Store *
g 58— — — — — — : , v. /•• " — a g
% Stetson Hats $4.00. TftiF IF Hi DtflE>BPlUi 23 c, 35c, S Do Veils 17c. j
j£ The newest Fall styles for m:n in the famous John B. Stetson |1 &£tM t |b fifH ¦^^^H%» ii "*\ mf& An astonishing coring of Veils for Friday only; 1000 in the -J
$ Co. *B Hats, that sold in exclusive hat stores at $5.00, X J|™^^ Ca.lifort\j^'i> La.rsCSt- Ifl lot ' four of the mo ' £ b3COtnia 8 styles; all-silk Tuxedo "i
!C are $4-.00 here. Soft Hats, either bound or raw ™ ArrVCTicaTd OrajVdCSt StOPC. Mesh, w ; : silk Chenille spots and border; black on 1, -2
5? edges; the Stiff Hats, the flexib'e, self-conformng kind. 825 TO 855 MARKET ST. S. F. worth 25c to 50c each — . f7 M
it '- — ¦ -;; — — ¦ — — - — - — ; '¦ .." ... ' ; '- : :—: — ; — : : '¦ ; ; ; .f
I . The Most Important Offering This Year |
I #81 of Winter Clothing 4^ I
I '¦''¦''¦'¦' ' s-'::wßSb's -' :: wBSb'- for Men an Boys or> the I
I V*| Begins To-Day...... 4Jjrlg i _^£__»»7 I
g )|C-_E' We have secured from Messrs. Rosenberg Brothers & Co. of Rochester, \
i i^L .N.Y., several thousand dollars' worth of their Huh-Grade Fall and Winter 5
I Clothing at about sixty-sight cents on the dollar. It was a 5
J» /l^^^ '- fgy' jr^ clean-up sale with them of this season's latest styles of Men's and Boys' Suits and Overcoats. None but the \j
* • fi y£^^^ •"'"" - '^\ newest fabrics, in the most approved of patterns and color effects for Fall and Winter, arc included in this £
X J ft, '^bT^ ¦ i -f- •'¦•¦" I PureP urc^ asc - We guarantee perfect fit, and the Rosenberg manufactory is famous for its fine tailoring. '»
* 11 : '' ;: T'l •'"¦ ' / [Men's $12.50 Suits $B*9s— A fine large assortment from which to select; Blue and Black Ji
j£ ? —^>^JL^^^ >» I. Cheviots, Cassimeres and Worsteds, in pretty stripes * and checks; all new fabrics; coats have the broad i
If / v\^ i<^\ >f*^^^ Jf / military shoulders; are : perfectly tailored, the acme of good taste for business wear, worth (^jO-^C •'
>/ (V L */*' *7i I / ' 2 ° — ° ur Sa - C P " Cc -. T. ............... ....... >». ..... *fr%9m%3mJb jj
tf / \^^^ijf/ } \ I \^^^\ / Men's $15.00 Suits $10.75 — All-wool Fancy Worsteds,- new rough Cheviots and Cassi- {|
* I -/^f^' /L ".j! - y) '"'• • . meres, also fine quality Blue and Black Cheviots; your choice of eitha the new military or the regulation •*
*I . 'lx ***! ~^«C!L \__^[ cut coat> n^ n S s and fittings all of the best, new materials in new fall colorings;, equal in fit and appearance jj
j£ V Ifi II l I *^^I to custom made; not a suit worth less than $15.00 in this lot, many worth more; the at»4 m?% "V IT M
* V Ir.l. **/ !'-.; 1 . : . big store's sale price. .-.'. '.."..•.¦.;'.... '.'. .'. & I U m £%> jg
» >• " Men S $20.00 Overcoats $13.65 — splendid lot \ embraces the new Great Coat and the Yoke Overcoat, '&
£¦¦ , : both styles cut on the same long, loose, graceful line; the materials are Black Thibet, Oxford Gray Cheviot and G ecn and *
Jf \ Tan effects; some are silk lined throughout, some half lined; very smart, stylish Overcoats; easily worth 4g£_fO _C?/5T "**
g ; $20.00— 0n sale now at the big store ...................; ...: &Mm*m%&& jj
f Men's Fail and Winter Over' f— — -— f. Millinery Sale $
5 I coats $9*35— 3°3 ° p° od Coats m thls Another or Uur Fridav -Saturday 5
X . lot; Blue, Black and Brown Kerseys, handsome Popular Friday r™«JT ~^"™~*' 5
J 1 ;: Cheviots and Oxford Gray and Green, and Oma44iramm C«a#iZ*£» jO^b^ TtohanAom Taf- g
| stylish Black Vicuna; all sizes; values up to BUtter &aI&S & J^ 5
* * $15.50 — special sale price n d£>*% *%BS To-day only we shall offer several W^< 3t> rap= Wl *-?
_? " now -. ........ &9m&& thousand regular-size squares of §B^^^^^ ve ' vet - trlmmed^
* J . Young Men's and Boys' $7.50 the very finest Creamery But- 'mm 3»
I ! . Suits and OverSOatS $4,85- ter, the kind the big store has "^ S
*¦ • 20 fashionable styles to choose from, the fab- made an enviable reputation / X MED f .'.' : -5
* - ... , / ...  >iii>ti i_ J . T JS«Sr> Tery tetca:ng n
t . ' • rics all the very newest in pattern and color, with — the kind that cannot be / Jsmt&p ttv f ,, v Wuft:h «
j^ _¦ , sizes for ages 12 to 20 years, made of strictly bought anywhere for less than >J^s?? - $10.00. To-day jt
* . . all-wool cheviots and cassimeres, an extra $7. 50 50c a square — to- {%** A~^ and to-morrow «*•
•? /• value — marked for this sale .. Jt*JK £% B day r*M%m />¦, — . &£! jmg% x
% .. $H-mBO % : -. ' x^ v *
% ¦**.' *' *** *¦¦ ] " _ Sombrero style /t^c»i •*
I Bargain Friday A Good Laundry Bag, 12c. ££" ppre;^ re ; C*%^&Z> I
5f Linen Sale. '¦ • A ridiculous price, isn't it? As a matter of fact 12c will not pay for the mak- , small crowns, =^nm—*~qj!s •*
if „ , c ¦¦¦¦¦.¦. ,:/ ... , ' ing; they are large enough for individual purposes, 18x27 inches, with a3" very wide brim W«*s»^«?
Ift Two Jots of desirab c = merchandise from our .0* ia " ,"» , C "" U 5 . \ r »,,  / . J and very stylish. «. - r «
I J Linen Department for to-day's selling. ., Both inch hem, and in linen tape draw string; they would sell rapidly at JO finest* ather l A* / 5
X are priced at less than they could be imported 20c each. Take them to-day at m a^%o weight felt; the K<; 3*
* for at present cost of linens — — i — — ¦ ¦ -: ' — — whole hat only ~-<5~-3l^{ *S
£ Lot /-German Damask Tea Sets, pearl COllarCttCS, $2.1 0. 35 C HOSC 21 G weighs 4 ounces; « - -^J V^J^Ns 3c
X Keached, hemstitched cloth 63 inches square, _.. •• -. . . „ . An exquisite as- colors, castor, .~^ ¦* .«
ft with a dozen Hemstitched Napkins to match: Ai##^'«<» on • k i.- v /\ sortment of pearl, brown and »J
J worth $ S .oo. The set to- ' <^^^ s^o m 'collared S //^X^l Ladies' Im- back. The big store's |» «O g
X day &3f*7& TSeSttSiUM storm collar, ana i.nei { /* I i\ e , ! » .r,i Dorted Hose — P nce SpZaOU M
_f £of2-Luneh Sets, consisfng. of Fringed W&W ;:^, s^r'X° % -»" jPSjW Extracted Polka extra s ci a i- X
I ;Kr::t::..r y $1.33 dßm> <3wo
* Ladies' S2.SO Shoes WKf Arctic Hare Fox Boas- WsM£- aJn»deof«- JJ^Lj" * 1 - 00 ' Tq *> 73c 5
I Ladies' s2.sO Shoes MWfmM Ext " Ion « and fin - yvx^fc«*\ «n«»tm««»!, to - morrow # "* <?
* P»*# #ft «J CH fm -V(f"/mV (f "/m ished with two large Jt^ ; f^S,J* X" with high- ... —- •*
I -fpS if SL yd \l\J "\1 tai.; regularly €S!^jK\ Mj ! P W -- $15. 00 «#!«/ SIS.SO 2
Ift I^===^ S 6 ° P» ;rs cf Ladles' Vie' \ ' Special to-day and Sat- * n d doub:e _-
\ K V^TJ Kid Lace Shoes— re- » urday— • /_>^ soles; an up-to- HCV/ Jackets $f U cS 5 $
JC r\\»l teived trom the lactor y5 • $2.50 * # date Stocking, Six styles of he newest f&£sZ^ £
I" "''^V\ nCW mod ' rn toes, patent — sold everywhere at 35c a pair. In 27-inch Jackets- pic- C 5
* I ;«M leather or kid tips heavy Side COitiltSm the big store to-day only *M%m ture one of «
:| k \ "-£"£ I *«KS^S* l S2" S * C— ' Specials To-Day £T^t*i S
$ fe m ; «°? d - | ~1~ 1 f l"8l "8 i^&xt?. "tSo Infants' Dent. imJiMw ;!j mi, ;?
if W^T~-Z&K Tool W»Tkinr l44'4«'md'sinchShdi'si(ieC«mb»- aildren's All-Wool Wrlrtleb -In back *« «~<t. «11-w~l V s^. 5
I S2 co ' OrT red 200 Udies Empire Back Combs-In large Infants' Extra Fine All-Wool Cashmere Hose turn back curSj with ¦ /< **%*) {«
&• < 2E2 E " off-red 200 Udies Empire Back Ccmbs-In Urge Infants' Extra Fine AH-Wool Cashmere Hose turn back cuffs; with V \ O JM^ X
Z f V A* v n A «,t,,rH.v nnlv ,t ' '¦• assortment . or new styles; extra -Colors black or tan, sizes 4 and 4^ «'«* or plain; the \ \ %l^&4 J
% 'Z£2£23s.'?.T.9iAa ""-"^g a— ,». »!^s«..sp" M .°-_. 5e 21-22.5 VjS^ i
I Dresser Scarfs. M Special Saie c °^^^±Z.-° t/^p J3»\ |
§50 dozen Teble / or.' Dresser Scarfs-Made of Men & FUmiSmngS. gizefcr age ./...... SOO nd stltched ; aU sizes, l/^# U
JC huckaback or duck; size 17x50 inches; Four splendid bargains in the Men's Dspart- Larger sizes— Rise of SO a sile - regular, v j 15.00 and v^^-__--— X
ft some of them tinted, others stamped in floral ment for Friday and Saturday — ', _ — — — . $16.50. Friday and^ B||§jSjs|.x3pl 5
% and conventional effects; rrgu ariy 20c each; Men's Underwear— So:t fleece-finished merino, NQCh iisSs^l^ 35^. Saturday only, tS^^^^^\ ¦'
% a fine bargain for roem'ng-houses, #-^ in gray only; a nicely finished garment and a _— , JBS/f^<^^l tf tf « A c /P^^^^ \•*
*' hotels, etc. At to-day's price MJSC g^ l weight for winter wear, .0 y KUifS, ' c giL^g|g|£g &M Ua i*s /^ '
I Ohitarenjs Ccats. •fiSSMJ^iKS: -? ? 5l" WK '^^^IS^
? j. All- Wool Gretchen Coat rttai s for 6 less than 2 . c ' a p , ir " ' '•»«• They fififcrl |\ s^k-lmed tailor Dresses cf broadcloth, p.bble %
J : gsfe -For children i, 2 and .^ To . day and o . morrow / J|J are very B t y ,sh W»| F\ and camel's hair cheviots (back on y); ]
* W$L K3K 3 - y '7 of age; colors Men ? s Gloves-Dogskin Walking Gloves, S^SL""? ,-^BP^V tight fitting jacket and eton style.; all *
*" «fc& blue » tan and red > full pnorf oua'itv stylish shades- a well mad- liberty silk, ex- a^ fsBSJ X^> I th,, season s newest and best models a!, 1 ned •*
I Ime, large collar nc.tly Qlove that never retails at less than |r. 00 "' U * Kh / } ffiß V^- ' throughout w.th hne al2-,,,k raffet,; all s»= Si ]
* f\ \\ Special price every pa ir guaranteed. Friday an iJ^ long accordeon / j TOR regularly i 35.00 and f 4 o. 00. Frday and «
S U/- V Chiles B New Melton «| e »s^ »S^tS T^
*» yA o J T Coat — Jiox tack, braided ,£ fca ance o , ai.. __ line . S?ecial ' each -^_ K'^Vi Twided Flannel Waists of extra good *-»*} „*
5" VV 1 1 - ' :m-r\ ' edges and seams, button Friday and Saturday 77G 3oC WB& • . nicely tucked; pearl buttons and finely made; ¦»J
% //| X * |\\V trimm:ng. Ages 4to 6, [ j^^^^^ -- - ; newest -shades of roae, royal blue, card-nil, 5
X /IJ I <T| ' M price $3-75; ages 8" _^ .am -*•-•' reseda, green and light b.'ue; regnariy «*. 35; *«
x ?]^li^ to 10, $4.u0; 1* to Furniture and Carpet Specials an sizes. Friday and satur- ' '
1 1 cJiteff^ Kersey For Friday and Saturday. day " -"" S *' S9 |
5, *=*-I3>^" r^i Coat— Storm Collar and Gold Medal Folding Table — Can be rolled up into space 5x7 inches; when open BCSt Of '• LitJUOrS- mm
I" .If cuffs, new box back, ages "" m ake the table inches square. On special sale for' two days 0n1y.... ....... ««« — •-» -"'•••-• -j? »-% *' S9 *
r*|V^ Coat— Storm Collar and Gold Medal Folding Table — Can be rolled up into space 5x7 inches; when open Best Of LittUOrS mm
cuffs, new box back, agrs make the table 16 inches square. On special tale for two days only mm V( . _ mm, .
I 4to 6, price $5.50; Bto xo, $5.75; ¦• ...„. $1.75 Lowest of Pnces. %
ft 1a to 14, $7.25. . , Goiden Oak Chillonicr — 38 inches wide; swell front drawer, with beveled Old Kentucky Bourbon— An e.celent $3 jj
ft __ « ' - French pate mrror, 16x16 inches, a good-looking, substantially mide Chif-^-^_«-. per gallon quality. To-day.. ....$24 JJt
nOSe HUPPOrterSs fomer; worth $ io.oo. For to-day and to-morrow only &* *&**£•*> Oldest Tab'e Claret— A fine California win: c «
J Lad Us* Satin Belt Hose Supporters— Good Arm Rocker — Golden oak, hand polished, with saddle seat; well _~ — an v f, ftf th '. Mcdc^.^ - "^''; 73 &
If quality frilled elastic ides, rubber button worth $600. Special Friday and Saturday ;. v . ;. . . . 9*9. 99 U Yellowstone _WWskey-Taylor & W:Lwm?' H
I ,astenen ; all colors, all sizes. Pair... 280 Hail Hat Raok, Halt ' Pr# e-Thrce different styles in antique oak, p^L^.-FuU —• 4 ££* $
ft - *m *% wth large French plate mirror and convenient seat; formerly sold for {30, £35 and $40. To ¦- .•:; J .< ' cf n/i >'
J Ragtime Folio, 48e. be dosed out this week at a reduction of one-half ; : .. ; ¦iftiil I^*''^"'] !"f.' V
x ii'sßrainard's 75c folio, containing only copy- Tapestry Brussels Corpst— Stinuon & Sandford' S^ make ; 10 wire quality; 10 . bortes 91 O9 \
*£ righted Ragtime Marches. A big _t% different patterns, in Pers an and floral effect*. On special sale to-day and Satur- -~9 tZg% Burkes Irish XXX Whiskey— Bott!c.^Jf OO '1
E vaue at to-day's special price. ;..; #oC day, sew^d, laii and lined, p;r yard. M %J%m Uebig's Beef, ron and Wine— Botte..^so %
x¦¦ ¦¦ :~~~: ~~~ ''¦' ' -- ] •'¦' '' ' ¦ '';¦¦:.. . . ¦ ¦ „ ' ¦ «, ' '"' ¦ • r ;^'..-.- ¦ -"• ,¦-''.¦' •
Ship Star of Russia. Burgess, 19 days from
Uyak Bay.
Ship Sea Witch, Howes, E9 days from Hong
°Schr Western Home. Lembke, 5 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes. •
Schr Lily, Bottgrer. 5 days from Umpq.ua.
CLEARED.
Thursday, October 31.
Stmr City of Peking Smith, Hongkong; and
Yokohama, via Honolulu; Pacific Mall SS Co.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, Panama; Panama
Railroad & SS Line.
Ship John Ena, Madsen, New York; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 29.
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand. Seattle.
Thursday, October 31.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkonr, etc.
Strnr Sequoia, Winkle, Eureka.
Stmr Pleiades, Smith, Seattle.
Stmr Eureka. Je3sen. Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick, Anderson, .
Stmr Leelanaw. Monroe, Panama,
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, Casnar.
Ocr stmr Ramses, Blelenberh. Seattle.
Br ship Lord Templetown, McCracken,
Queenstown.
Brig Blakeley, Meyer, Port Townsend.
Schr Monterey. Panzer, Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 31. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 8 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Sept 1, lat 58 S, lon 78 W— Fr bark Amiral
de Cornuller, from Liverpool, for Oregon.
Oct 9. lat 7 N, lon 18 W— Br ship Dowan
Hill, hence June 27, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Schr E X Wood has rudder gone, keel dam
aged; not leaking. Will be drydocked.
MEMORANDUM.
P?r sliiD Star of Russia— ln port at Uyak
Bay Oct 12, ship Santa Clara and stmr Jeanle.
Per ship Sea Witch, from Hongkong, Oct 31—
Sailed Seat 2. Had 16 days calms in Bachoe
Channel- had a typhoon off southwest end of
Formosa, lasting: 12 hours; sprung" the head of
the mainmast. Had westerly winds to 38 N
and strong SW and NW winds to port.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
DUTCH HARBOR— In port Oct 24— U S stmr
Thetis and schr Nellie Thurston.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct 31— Schr Ho
noipu, from Honolpu.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 31— Schr Ivy. for San
Francisco. ,
Arrived Oct 31— Schr North Bend, hence Oct
18; schr Chas Hanson, hence Oct 23; Eliza
Miller, hence Oct 12. Schr Gotama sails Nov
1 for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr Alliance,
hence Oct 30, for Portland.
Sailed Oct 31— Stmr South Coast, for San
Francisco; schr Esther Buhne, for Hilo: schr
Mary Buhne, for San Francisco; stmr Pomona,
for San Francisco; schr Guide, for San Fran
cisco.
•TACOMA— Sailed Oct 31— Schr Luzon, for
Honolulu.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Oct 31— Stmr Senator, for
Skaguay; stmr Umatilla, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr Roanoke, from Nome;
stmr City of Puebla, from San Francisco; U S
stmr McArthur and U S stmr Patterson, from
Juneau.
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 30— Bktn Gardiner
City, from Fort Brag*.
BOWENS LANDING— To sail Oct 31— Stmr
Gualala, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct Sl— Schr Ruth
E Godfrey, from San Pedro.
NEAH BAY— Pas»ed Oct *I— Schr Meteor,
from San Pedro.
Passed out Oct 31— Stmr Projcreso. from Se
attle, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 31— Schr
Comet, from Port Blakeley.
CRESCENT CITY-Salled Oct 31-Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived-Schr A B John
son, hence Oct 24.
ISLAND PORTS.
KAANAAPALI— Arrived Oct 21— Bktn Jane
L Stanford, from Newcastle, Aus. and Hono
lulu.
HONOLULU— To sail about Oct 29— Oer ship
Sirene, for Portland. Or.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr City of
Puebla. hence Oct 2S.
LADYSMITH- Sailed Oct 3&— Br stmr Wel
lington, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— SaiIed Oct 31— G«r stmr Nl
caria, for San Francisco.
In iK>rt Seat 25— Br bark Elliot, for San
Francisco.
SHANGHAI-Sailed Oct 19— Br shh> Owee
nee, for Port Townsend.
CORONEL— Sailed Oct 30— Br stmr Glamor
ganshire, for Hull.
COLON— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Orizaba, from
New York.
Sailed Oct 2J— Stmr Finance, for New York.
HULL— Arrived Oct 29— Er ship Liverpool,
hence June 19.
PANAMA— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Hyadea.
hence Oct 14.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Oct 30— Aus stmr Maria.
for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Oct »— Stmr Acapulco,
for Panama.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Oct 30— Stmr China, for
San Francisco, via Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 31— Stmr DeuUch
land. for Hamburg, via Plymouth; stmr Brem
en, for Bremen; stmis Lauren tlan, for Glasgow;
stmr La Champagne, for Havre.
CORONEL— Arrived Oct 31-Stmr Flintshire.
from San Francisco, for Antwerp.
GENOA— Sailed Oct 31— Stmr Latin, for New
York, via Naples.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 31— Strnr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, for Algiers, Naples
and Genoa.
ALDEM- Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Kaiso. from
Ta'-oma. for Hiogo. etc, for England.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Oct 30-Stmr Yangtae.
for Seattle, via Hloko.
SINGAPORE— SaiIe.! Oct 30— Stmr Copac,
from Liverpool, for Seattle.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Oct 30— Strrr Colum
bia, from Hamburg and Southampton, for New
Yort.
QUEEN'STOWN-Sailed Oft 31— Stmr Ocean
ic, for New York; atmr Rhynland. for Phila
delphia: both from Liveroool.
LlVEßPOOl,_sa:led Oct 31— Stmr Vancou
ver, for Portland. Me.
LONDON— Sailed Oct 31— Stmr Mar<iuett3, for
New York.
ROTTERDAM-Sailed Oct 31-Stmr Amster
dam, for New York, via Boulogne.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
• October 31, 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
p. m., Greenwich mean time. •
J. T. McMI^LAX.
Nautical Expert, .in charge.
The first known coin is Chinese. It Is
copper, and specimens weighing from one
to five pounds, and supposed to date from
a period at least 2000 years before Chrtaft,
are still in existence
56
FRIDAY NOVEMBER i, *$oi
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Alton AH C«BmE&inUoiis to W. 8. LEAKS, Kaatpr.
MAKAGER'S OFFICE Telephone PreM 304
PCBUCATIOH OFFICES. . .Market and flalrd. 8. F.
Telephone Press 801.
EDITORIAL R00M5..... 217 t0. 221 SteTenso* St.
Telephone Free* 202.
OcllTereA by Carrier*. 15 Cnti Per Wee*.
; glacle Copies. 5 Cents.
| .. Terms tor Mall. Inelndlna: Pectacret
DAILY CAXXi (luclodJnr Bnß4ay>, «D» year 4* **'**
DAILY CALX, (lacludlng Bandar), « e>onth». ............. S.M
DAXX.Y CALL (Including Cnadar). I i .0nfh»............... I.M
DAILY CALL— By Single Uenth..... ........................ •«
ITIKDAT CAJLU Ob* Tear M .....^...........^—.~- *••
WEEKLY CALL, On* Tear ......7.,..;.m......:m.—i IM
All iNtmuttn are amthortaeA to reeelT*:
•nbecrlptlona.
Stasto cot Atm win be tocwmr&mi whn maiilii
¦ •UO astiMrlben fa ertertac ehantw of afldrtw tboaM b*
* Hrtledu to *1t« both MKW AND OLD ADDEES3 la order
to taaor* a prompt «ad correct compliance wit a their request.
OAKLAJTD OFFICE. 1 . . .1118 Swacway
C. GEORGE KROGJTESS.
' MttafOT Tmiga. Airertit iif , Musette Building , CkiMf*.
' ; CLo»t X>i*taac« Telephone "Central MU.">
KXW TORS CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CABLTOX HemW »««ar«
NUT YORK RBFRBBKIfTATnTBi
ITBPni B. 5M1TH....... 430 Triton* BwlMim*
CHICAGO KSWI STANDS :
inißnii Boom; P. O. K*wa Co.; Oraat Ncrtben Hot*:
remost House: Aodttorlom HctcL . i . :.
KEW YORK KIWB STAKDS3 :
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. BmbUh, It Ualos Square;
Kinv Hill HoteL ' ' ' ' ¦".
WASHISGTOX (D. C) OFFICE... .1406 G St. K. W.
MORTON E. CILAJTB. Correspondent.
BHAKCB OFFICE*— IT! Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:» o'clock. MO Hayes, open until 8:18 o'clock. (S3
McAllister, open until 8:38 o'clock. CIS Lcxkln, open until
• :«C o'clock, IMI MUslon, open mrtll 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
•enter Sixteen th, open until • o'clock. IKS Valencia, open
•ntil t o'clock. m Eleventh, open until • o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until I o'clock.
1200 Fillmore. open until » n. m. •
AMTJSEHENTS.
California— "Sporting- Life."
Tivoli— "Carmen." ' . ~-
Central— "TJie Great Northwest.**
Grand Opera-house — "My Friend From India,"
Grand Opera-house— Grand opera, commencing November 11
Alcatar— "Tennessee's Pardner." '
Columbia — Henrietta."
Orpheum Vaudeville-
Chutes, Zoo and Tneater Tan&evllle every afternoon and
«rer.ine-
Fischer*6— Tanderlne. . '
Recreation BasebalL
Oakland Racetrack— to-morroir.
Butro Baths— nights. • • . . ..;."".
AUCTION RAT.FA
By C Layng — Monday, November 4, at 7:45 p- m-.
Thoroughbred Yearlings, at 721 Howard eireet.
THE CHOICE OF SUPERVISORS.
FOR obvious reasons the railroad bosses, Herrin
and Burke, and their allies, Burns, Rainey,
Gunst and Goldberg, are not making any con
spicuous display of their candidates for Supervisors.
Ever since Mr. Wells declared that if he had known
what sort of a gang was to be nominated for that
office he would not have accepted the nomination for
Mayor the bosses have kept their Supervisor candi
dates as much out of sight as possible. The public,
however, should not be deceived by such tactics.
These candidates are still in the field. The bosses
are working fcr them as far as they can without en
dangering the few remaining chances of electing
Well?, and consequently there remains a danger that
they may be elected.
The Burke and Herrin ticket for Supervisors is
pledged not only to the corporations which Herrin
serve*, but also to Burns and to Gunst A victory for
the ticket would mean not only the granting of undue
favors to the corporations, and the looting of the city
in that way upon a large scale, but it would also mean
the surrender of the city into the hands of those who
wish a wide-open town. It would mean a renewal of
track gambling, the reopening of poolrooms and the
revival of the side-door saloon. In short, it would
restore all those evils whose suppression cost the city
to long and so hard a contest in the past.
It is not for nothing that Dan Bums, Sam Rainey,
Mote Gunst and Jere Burke have formed a combi
nation to support the ticket which Herrin and his cor
porations dictated to the so-called Republican con
vention. These men have united to do politics, and
their politics, if successful, will consist in doing San
Francisco. They have nominated for Supervisors a
f men almost all of whom are utterly unknown
to the city at large. They are men who in office will
Lave no other policy than that of doing the bidding
of the bosses. Mr. Wells has sai(J they could do no
harm in office, because the charter will prevent. The
people, however, know better. Once in office that
gang would do every harm that is included in the
phrase, "i wide-open town."
We have had a long fight in this city against Ingle
side track gambling, ogainst downtown poolrooms
and against side-entrance saloons. The people are
well aware of the manifold evils which emanated from
those sources. They can recall the records of the
police and the criminal courts, showing & long and
ever lengthening line of crimes ranging from petty
thefts to murder or suicide., which were due to the
temptations and the degradations of the various kinds
of gambling-rooms. Therefore, when Mr. Wells says
the corporation ticket for Supervisors can do no
harm the people do not believe him. The decent and
intelligent people of San Francisco know full well
that if the city be run as Dan Burns and Mose Gunst
desire, the amount of harm done will be so great that
it will affect all conditions of society and bring loss
anti sorrow and even shame and ruin to many a
home.
The voters of San Francisco can afford to take no
chances with the Supervisor ticket. We have now in
office a Board of Supervisors that Mr Wells himself
lus described as the best he has known in San Fran
cisco in forty years. It has been honest and it has
been efficient. Most of its members have been re
nominated. They ought to be re-elected. They are
pledged to no corporations and they will be the crea
tures of no bosses. What they have done in the past
is the best guarantee of what they will do in the fu
ture. Between them and their opponents on the Her
rin ticket it is a plain issue between good government
and a gamblers' government. Dan Bufas and Mose
Gunst ire not unknown in this city, and the gang they
support is a gang that honest men will distrust.
According to the Boston Globe the "Philosophical
Anarchists" of that city are thinking of changing
?heir name, but it would be better if they would also
chanre their thoughts and their associations.
THE B3C^.3ytI3SrER.'S PURPOSE.
IT is now plainly seen by all men that since Mr. Hearst came here to personally
direct the course of his paper, it is supporting Schmitz for Mayor and giving the
influence of its political department to the ticket and policy which he represents.
Mr. Hearst does not live in California, and keeps in hiding when he visits
here. His paper is responsible for many things inimical to the interests of this city. It
put the first bitterness and spirit of violence into the late strike, for that purpose coining
as a pretext some flagrant lies about Mr. Symmes and, in general, about the merchants,
manufacturers and business men of San Francisco. It drew the boycott as a weapon ot
vengeance and incited disrespect for law and order. It assailed the police from Chief to
roundsmen, supported the prosecution of members of the force who did thejr duty in
maintaining order, and furnished an object lesson of what may be expected if it and the
lawless agitators succeed in securing control of the city and the power to direct its ad
ministration. Its ferocious slanders of every man who has business investments here and
is part of the commercial force of San Francisco, trying to hold the position of this city
as the metropolis of the coast and to increase the lead it has ahead of its competitors, are
fresh in the memory ot men.
That paper balanced with some skill in its action upon the issues of the coming
election until the arrival of Hearst, hen it threw off the mask and is so openly urging the
Schmitz ticket that Schmitz himself has found it necessary to deny that he secured its sup
port by promising that it should have control of his patronage if he is elected. This denial
amounts to nothing, since such a promise would, under the law, vitiate his election if he
succeed in getting a plurality of the votes. His denial is therefore formal and for the pur
pose of saving the legal point and protecting the title to the office which he hopes to
secure at the polls. Everybody knows that the formality of a promise is not required in
such cases. Everybody knows that if Mr. Hearst succeed in electing Mr. Schmitz the
Examiner will dictate and direct the official course of Mr. Schmitz.
What will be done then is no secret. It was declared in the Schmitz meeting on
Tuesday night. Chief Sullivan will be expelled from the headship of the Police Depart
ment, and Captain Wittman and every captain, sergeant and member of the force who
by protecting person and property saved the city in the late strike and excited the ire ot
the Examiner will be put off the force. The murderers of Rice and the other support
ers of Schmitz who are waiting trial for their savage crimes during the strike will
go free. The police must prosecute these men and the police force will be reorganized
against such prosecution. Mr. Hearst is here, then, to set free red-handed murderers, to
reorganize the police on the basis of non-enforcement of the law. He is here to strike
a foul blow at the prosperity and progress of San Francisco and to give the city a back
set that will shrink its business and dwarf it for years to come.
The roar of indignation that went up from the clergy, colleges and homes of the
United States when his invitation to assassinate the President was accepted by Czolgosz
has driven him away from meddling with national affairs. The local situation in New
York compels his paper there to refrain from supporting Tammany and its support of
Low would not be permitted, so it is doing its Sally Ann and Simple Simon editorial
stunt, while a great fight rages around it, and Hearst comes here to treat San Francisco
as a dog to try poison on. He has no dollar invested in the business of this city. His
paper is an investment, it is true, but it is to prey upon the business of others. His hope
to control the police under Mayor Phelan was defeated. His plan was too rank. When
it failed he blacklisted the Mayor, the president of the Police Board and the Chief of
Police. The election of Tobin will not enable him to wreak vengeance upon those who
foiled him and at the same time grasp the power for which he lusts. The election of
Schmitz will open the \v?y to accomplish his purpose and his paper, therefore, is promot
ing Schmitz' fortunes.
A class government for this city would be bad enough, it would be hard enough
to bear for reasons inherent in such government itself. But when such government
carries under its fangs Hearst and the Examiner as the poison with which it strikes at
law and personal liberty, the situation becomes so serious that the city may well be
alarmed. Let even' man recall the expressions of the Examiner during the strike and
seriously ask himself what will occur if those utterances become the policy of a city ad
ministration! Haviag lost his prestige by the popular resentment of his course toward
President McKinley, and being outlawed by the thinking people and good citizens, of
the whole country, he seeks to become the leader of the lawlessness and discontent ot
the country by securing control of the government of this city.
Of course, he will injure his dupes and will undo such laboring men as take his ad
vice. Hundreds of families are still suffering here because he counseled their heads un
wisely. The mothers, wives and children of the murdered are in sorrow and will be in
want as a result of his appeals to the spirit of murder and disorder. The wounded, with
bruised bodies and« broken bones, are still lying helpless in hospitals or in their homes, and
there are others advised by him who go about with crime upon their souls. They v ere
upright men before he tempted them, and now they do not look their fellow-men in the
eye. He caused them to stain their hands with blood.
Do men with property and families realize that if he accomplish the purpose for
which he came here to lurk in hiding, the area of violence will be enlarged? During the
late strike his dupes, inspired by him with recklessness and violence, entered the homes
of laboring men who desired to support their families by work, and in the presence of
their wives threatened them with death if they attempted to work. At this moment men
dare not go before che Grand Jury to testify against the criminals he encouraged for
fear that Rice's fate may be theirs. The law is helpless and Justice is hamstrung by the
still existing reign of terror which he inspired. Let him get control of the government
of the city and ruffians will visit business men and employers in their homes, to threaten
death as the penalty of resisting any demand that his associates, the agitators, may
make. We see the law failing now because witnesses are threatened with murder. How
will it be when the barbaric, sentiments uttered in Tuesday's meeting for the Hearst-
Schmitz ticket are emblazoned in the City Hall as the principles of the municipal gov
ernment?
It is time for business men to assume the offensive against Hearst and his poison
paper and nefarious influence. It is time to repudiate a man who dare not walk openly
the streets of the city where he was born. It is time to end any form of vassalage to a
non-resident conspirator against the peace and prosperity of San Francisco, who lurks
hidden in the hills like a bandit watching a chance to sack the town.
LET US TALK, JMLTI. WELLS,
SINCE Mr, Weils was asked to answer some
questions of vital importance to the people, he
has continued to make speeches. -On Wednes
day evening he spoke twice.
You are aware, Mr. Wells, that you were requested
to tell why you stayed on the ticket when you said
you would get off. You will remember that the peo
ple asked you to tell who made you stay on, who
made you support a Supervisor ticket that you said
was unfit for support. The people asked you how
you stood on the municipal issues of interest to them,
They expected your answer on Wednesday night.
You spoke twice, and in your first speech you an
swered these important questions by saying; ''I feel
that I am either at home or very near home, for I own
a large house right up the avenue here. I don't live in
it just now, but I did live in it for some time."
Now, really, Mr. Wells, does that large house an
swer the questions that are put to you? The people
ask a question and you answer with a house "up the
avenue.' Nobody said that you did not own a house
up the avenue. No one denied that it is a large house,
and if you will tell how many rooms are in it the num
ber will be admitted. You need not offer the house as
a witness, for the people will admit all it can testify to.
We grant that it is a house; that it is a large house
up the avenue; that it is a large house up the ave
nue, where you used to live, but where you don't
live now. If you will mention the color of the house
we will admit it in order to get on with the case.
After you had sworn your large house as a witness
you had another chance. You went to another meet
ing the same night. The questions of the people fol
lowed yott. Who made you stand up when you
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
wanted to lie down? Who made you swallow the
Supervisor ticket? How do you stand on the fran
chises? In that second meeting, Mr. Wells, with these
questions ringing in your ears, you rose and answered
them by saying, "This is quite a distance from the
northern part of the town, I find."
Now, really, Mr. Wells, was that an answer? Is It
not a fact that all places distant from each other are
not as near as other places not 60 distant? We ad
mit that it is quite a distance from the northern to the
southern part of the town, and your admirers are glad
that you were able to notice it, but why do you play
the two ends of the town against the middle as an an
swer to the questions of the people? What has that
distance to do with your ultimatum, with refusing
Flint a place on the ticket, and your swallowing the
Supervisor ticket? Mr. Wells, yoti may be arte
sian, but your answers to these questions are not
deep. They don't seem to apply; they are not sat
isfactory to the people. You answer in architecture,
real estate and furlongs, when the people want to
know something that cannot be told in the terms of
either. Linear measure, fifty-vara Jots and large
houses are inoffensive in themselves, but they are not
issues in this campaign.
You have until Monday night to answer what the
people ask. Please, Mr. Wells, cease retrospection
and reminiscence, revery and irrelevance, and answer
those questions.
It is worth noting that the spread eagle orators of
the country are no longer speaking of the republic
as extending from Florida to Cape Nome, but from
"Maine to Manila."
MISS WU MAKES INITIAL BOW
IN SAN FRANCISCO SOCIETY
PRETTY little Miss Wu Chingr L-lng,
the adopted daughter of Mme. "Wu,
¦wife of Minister Wu, has made her
initial bow into San Francisco so
ciety. No fair society bud, fresh
from a Nob Hill seminary, could have de
ported herself with more becoming grace
under the circumstances.
Ho Vow, the Chinese Consul, "with
charity to all and malice toward none,"
had decreed that those who were anxious
to see Miss Wu could have a personal In
terview with the young lady at the con
sulate on Stockton street at 11 o'clock
yesterday morning. At the appointed
hour several ladles were present. A num
ber of artists and six latest Improved
cameras were formidably arranged in a
row suggestive of the new guns that were
recently placed in position at the entrance
to the Golden Gate.
With a pattering of little feet and sup
pressed laughter as a befitting overture
Miss Wu was led into the room by her
adopted mother. The child was deathly
pale and appeared to realize tha enormity
of the situation. She was directed to a
chair by Mme. Wu and allowed to re
gain her composure. In the meantime the
women folks were taking in the child's
costume from head to toe. Miss Wu'*
hair was arranged with much skill. It was
uaintly plastered down and in the front
there was a Jaunty part. The end of her
hair was plaited and gathered in a knob
just over the right ear. She wore a gor
geous blouse of pink, yellow, black and
v/hite.
After the young lady's wardrobe had
been thoroughly absorbed she was cross
examined by the interested visitors. Mme.
Wu kindly acted as interpreter, but after
a time the wife of the able Chinese diplo
mat decided that she would answer the
questions herself.
"Please ask her if she can dance?" said
a visitor, addressing Mme. Wu. As Miss
Wu has a foot only about three inches
long Mme. Wu took it upon herself to
answer the question and said "No."
"Do ask Miss Wu what her favorite
dress is," was the next Interrogation.
Mme*. Wu stated that her daughter was
then and there wearing her favorite cos
tume. In this manner the questions were
plied and answered by Mme. Wu.
The young lady sat silent with her eyes
cast down and apparently felt that the
sooner the reception was over the bet
ter.
Ho Vow, who acted as master of cere
monies, hurried the camera fiends. Snap
shots were taken of Miss Wu, and with a
look of relief she toppled off upstairs lean
ing on the arm of her servant. •
Miss Wu's debut thus became history.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
DOLLARS— M. M., Oakland, Cal. Dol
lars of 1895 are not catalogued as com
manding a premium.
NEGRO— Subscriber, City. The word
negro is not used in the Bible. Ethiopian
is used to denote an African.
EDISON— J. A. 8., Centervllle, Cal. The
address of Thomas A. Edison, the in
ventor, is West Orange, New Jersey.
ON PUGET SOUND-H. J., Oakland,
Cal. There is a United States naval sta
tion at Bremerton, on Puget Sound,
Washington.
TIMBER— N., San Mateo, Cal. The law
of California says that the carrying away
of any kind of wood or timber from the
land of another from tide land Is a mis
demeanor.
RELIGIOUS STATISTICS— S. S., Stock
ton, Cal. The statistics of Wales do not
give separately the number of inhabitants
belonging to the several religions. The
statistics show the number for England
and Wales.
ASPARAGUS— A. L. F., City. Aspara
gus seed is sown early in the spring, one
Inch deep, three or four inches apart.
When two years old the plants are trans
planted into a permanent bed and placed
one foot or eighteen inches apart. The
cuttings commence after the second or
third year. Some plants produce for ten
or twelve years.
TO REDUCE FLESH— "Fat Boy,"
City. It is said that the use of sugar to
a great extent and drinking liquids in
great quantity are productive of much
flesh in the human body. It is said that
one method to reduce flesh is to reduce
the quantity of sugar used and to ab
stain from drinking aijy liquid for an
hour before each meal, avoid liquids at
meals and abstain from such for an hour
after each meal.
WITHOUT A FULL MOON— City Bub-
HCriber. The record shows that there has
been a month without a full moon. That
was in February, 1886. In that year Jan
uary and March had two full moons
each, but there was none in February.
Such never before occurred since the
Christian era, and according to the com
putations of the Astronomer Royal of
Kngland such will not occur again until
2,500,000 years from 1886.
TARIFF AND SILVER— A Subscriber,
City. If you desire to obtain knowledge
on the tariff and silver questions, you
should read the thoughts of the best
writers of the day on both sides of eacT
question. Theae you will find in the mag
azines, and can find Buch by consulting
Poole's Index and the Cumulative Index
in the periodical room of the Free Libra
ry, where you will also find the maga
aines and periodicals containing BUch arti
cles.
SOAP— W. M. H., Aqua Callente, Aria.
The following Is the receipe for "old
fashioned soft soap": Take, four gallons
of wood lya and boll thoroughly with
twelve pounds of clear grease, then add
the lye as It is obtained, keeping a slow
fire and stirring often until you have a
barrel of Boap. After boiling ths grease
and four gallons of lya together it may
be put in a barrel and the rest of th« lye
added thereto, which will form good soap
if frequently stirred, but the heating pro
cess is the best when* weather and time
will permit the work to be done,
WEDDING ANNIVERSARIES-*). F.
L,., Oakland, Cal. The following list of
¦wedding anniversaries, which includes
the first ten or sentimental years, is the
most complete that has ever been pre
pared! First, cotton: second, paper;
third, leather; fourth, book; fifth,
wooden i sixth, garnet; seventh, woolen;
eighth, bric-a-brac; ninth, topaz; tenth,
tin- twelfth, silk and fine linen; fif
teenth, crystal; twentieth, china; twenty
fifth silver; thirtieth, pearl; thirty-fifth,
sapphire; fortieth, ruby; fiftieth, golden,
and seventy-fifth, diamond.
THREE SISTERS-S. L. k., City. If
there are three sisters in a family named
Smith and a call is made at their home,
if Miss Smith is asked for it is supposed
that the elder sister is desired; the oth
ers if desired, are called by their given
names. If met individually it would be
proper to address either as Miss Smith.
If the three should be together and there
was a desire to introduce them the form
would be to present the elder as Miss
Smith and the other two by their given
names in addition to the family name.
That is the rule if you follow etiquette,
but if you do not follow that, then you
may introduce the sisters each by her
given as well as family name.
BUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado.
Coronado Beach, Cal.. effective after April IS;
$(0 for round trip, inciudtnc II days at hotel.
Pacific Coa;t S. S. Co., i }iew Montgomery it.
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. I* Webber, a prominent attorney of
Napa, la at the Grand.
F. O. Hihn, a capitalist of Santa Crux,
registered at the Grand yesterday.
A. C. Morrison, a mining man of James
town, is staying at the Lick.
Albert C. Hanoon, a mine owner of Val
ley Springs, Is among the arrivals at the
Palace.
George F. Ditzler, an extensive owner
of real estate at Biggs, Is among the arri
vals at the Grand.
Jesse R. Grant, aon of the late General
U. S. Grant, is up from San Diego and la
staying at the Palace.
A. F. Ames, one of the largest manufac
turers of pumps In this country. Is at
present staying at the Lick.
Jake J. HoUman arrived from New
York yesterday and will officiate as start
er for the California Jcckey Club.
J. A. Brent of New York, who owns
considerable mining property in Northern
California, is staying at the Palace.
Paul Dressier, the noted song writer,
arrived from New York last evening. He
intends establishing a music publishing
house in this city.
A. P. Forbes, the well-known minirs
expert and engineer, left last night for
Acatlan, State of Oaxaco, Mexico, to ex
amine mining properties for a local syn
dicate.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— The following
Californlans have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— J. O. Hanon, O. Koth
ler and wife. T. H. Mac Donald, O. S.
Smoot and wife, at the Imperial: R. R.
Haakell and wife, at the Everett; I>. E>.
Davidson, H. D. Walter, at the Cadillac;
S. F. Genne, D. C. Henry, at the Herald
Square; Mrs. J. H. Boalt, Miss Boalt, at
the Manhattan; H. C. Donnell, at the
Netherlands; I. F. Mobrien, at the Al
bert.
Los Angeles— W. Schwenckert, at the
Astor; C. B. Jeffries, at the Continental;
O. P. Poney, at the Manhattan.
In Next Sunday's Call
*} A Pages Human Interest Stories Jfi
Beginning November 3
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE
* SECTION WILL BE DEVOTED
EXCLUSIVELY TO MATTERS OF
LOCAL INTEREST BY BEST
KNOWN WESTERN WRITERS.
Beginning November 3
AN EXTRA EIGHT-PAGE SEC-
TION FOR WOMEN AND CHIL-
DREN, WITH HALF-TONE IL-
LUSTRATIONS.
Special Arrangements Have Been Made
For Contributions From the Following
Famous Writers:
BRET HARTE, JOAQUIN MIL-
LER, MADGE MORRIS, INA D
COOLBRITH, KATHRYN JAR-
BOE, FRANK NORRIS AND PV-
LINE BRADFORD MACKIE.
THE CALL'S ILLUSTRATIONS EXCEL
x bBShhS
20 *»"»*»•"• Pages in All «•«•*«•«. 20
* • - ¦ . _
MADAMS VTU'S ADOPTED
DAUGHTER. WHO HELD A
RECEPTION YESTERDAY.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Tommy and Johnny were playing doctor
and patient. Johnny was the patient. He
was supposed to be suffering from some
deep seated and mysterious malady. Dr.
Tommy felt his pulse, took his tempera
ture by means of the kitchen thermome
ter, thumped his chest and noted his res
piration. "What you need, my dear sir. "
he said, "is to go and wash your feet.
Five dollars, please."— Chicago Record-
Herald.
First Shirtwaist Girl— So you are going
rowing with Mr. Floorwalker? His trick
is to threaten to rock the boat unless you
give him a kiss.
Second Shirtwaist Girl (naively)— Well,
mother said she wasn't airaid to let me go
with him. as all the srirls say he never
rocks the boat.— Brooklyn Kagle.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. *
Choice candies. Tonwsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per !b at Towniend't ¦
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
WniHAM'C DDK ITT V **> the y can hariUybeli^ve that l am °*
ill Ullinll pj DEtiiUl I, ww person; after being sick so long
I have changed to be robust and rosy
. cheeked. I have taljen fifteen bottles of
_ .. . __ _ __ -. * Prescription, 'fifteen of the t)iscovery '
HOW It IS Made Or Marred. and fifteen of the ' Pellets.' I know that
, if it had not been for your medicines I
" vronld not have been living to-day.* ,
Ibm is nothing more subtle than J?*- Kerce^s Favorite Prescription a
woman 'a beauty. It eludes all attempts ' roman « "«*"?»«¦ 1 i» ILnO1 L nOt *i° ffered "
to analyze it. A woman may have the a CU^ but ft is c <** fide ntly ™*™'
meisorenients and lines of the Medidan "Jwv a a sure a nd ** c reT d for
Venus and yet lack beauty. Or shttSv *" ft 0 "*^ 19 !? 968 ° f m en which axe
defr artistic standards and be knowi '°?$\ 1 * the i "? °a , med i clD^ J*
everywhere as a beautiful woman. There e *£ b }}^ e \ n *!£? n s* d "? th / iS*"
is, however, one kind of beauty which is W , hlch destroy the. strength and beauty
recognized by all and which is every ° wom en heals inflammation and vi-
wmnan-s dower, a beauty to which the ? e ?t, tio^ d CureS £"*£ weakneaa. It -
French have given the name of "The "• c beSt preparative for motherhood.
Beauty of Youth." Many a -time we &™ g g^V B^ ll^ elasticity to
tan to watch some sweet, young rfrL "J*?* 1 ? maternity and making the
imjjressed by her beauty. But if*** Ul * * advent practically painless,
aniJyze the beauty we find it is made up • "GETTING young again.*
of smooth skin, clear complexion, bright Ris one of the triumphs of Favorite
eves, ruddy lips and rounded contours. Prescription" that its results are so
That beauty ought to last always. But palpably and visibly real. The cure of
. womanly diseases by this medicine is
I^^Pf j* proved by the gain in flesh and weight,
•THMag I!& jby tie restoration of youthful freshness,
£&SJI& •(i by the renewed strength and ambition,
jSKg^isk and by all the outward and visible signs
>I^M^t of robust health.
• • J&3&WM BL " l enjoy good health ; thanks to
f^HM^" •"' wk Dr. erce ' s Favorite Prescription and
'flp^' 'Golden Medical Discovery," writes Mrs.
af ' ' J. J. Schnetyer, .of Pontiac, Livingston
¦*¦¦> V.-N WK Co., 111. "Have taken six bottles of each
wrw W|l kind I was taken sick last February
I * . yiJ and the doctors here called it ' Grip,' I
V '•> ' m " ' lay for four weeks in bed, and when I got
• V *^* fm tip I found I had 'displacement ' ! Had
V Jjfc V such aches and v pains in my back and
V V * limbs, could not stand . any length of
"I X. • time. '/knew that our home doctor
j \. would insist the first thing
. j V^ on an examination, and
'*^ * would not submit
_ J * *\T) to, Unless 1 was danger-
S^^/ m1 *f*gSf£Bsnam+prßepx t r^ / <A«-^s^ ously sick, and then it
£^kjtf£s3sMs&%y^^M^^^^^SS^C-^* vv would be too late. If any-
«flf&ssißiiaiii*^ I^^^^^^ fc^. \ one had told me your
jdM - ' M^^SS^ffl^^^' ?^ -fi-iV- MHHiß^nraW. \ me dicines would do me so
n much good I would have
disk sa ' <^' ' C* n no > not that
much good.' I can say
W^^ truly I was surprised at
PPr^^r* tlie benefit I received. An
1 Yl^9^ s^^^^ °^ friend of mine said to
xvM//yy^3^^ me ' <W1 VV V > what is tk*
t^.C^v!^^^^ matter with you, you are
\^__ . ./ getting so young again ' ?
. «* , , —l. - I told her I had taken six
hew soon we see it fade. The young bottles of Dr. tree's medicine, and
wife looks at her yellow skin, sunken &* if she would do likewise she would
cheeks and hollow eyes and marvels at feel ten years younger too."
her own filling, off. And the younger There is one clause in Mrs. Schnetyer's
girls still retaining the beauty of youth letter . which voices the sendmeute of
wonder « what her husband could have thousands of sensitive women. « I knew
seen .attractive in her,» not knowing that that our home doctor a , ou/d insist ih
it will be their turn to fade very soon. first thing on an examination, and that
how To KEEP beauty. ' / would not submit to, unless I was dan-
In order to preserve this beauty of gerously sick, and then it would be too
youth, to retain the charm of sweetness late to do any good
and freshness which belongs to maiden- a ?y a woman in just such a case,
hood, the prerequisite is to understand realizing the danger she runs yet neg-
that the chief foe of woman's beauty is lects medical treatment because she
womanly ill-health. Young women are ' shrinks from the indelicate question-
often very careless of themselves. The 'W .**« offensive examinations and
temptation of the dance, or of the sleigh- obnoxious local treatments which the
ride overrules their prudence, and the home Physician often thinks necessary.
result is suppression and perhaps irregu- A way out
iiis
v ,T£? ? I derangement or daease the same ?m{essional privacy observed
F^t^Pr^rTnt £ "* k ** Dr - ««* in P 6 " 0 " 1 consultations
Favonte Prescription. «ri nr pT women at th « Invalids , Hotel" and
F, JJE? PrTSr^ lll^^' SS^,? Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. Y. Address
Favorite Prescription, 'Golden Medical Dr R. V Pierce Buffalo N V
Discovery* and 'Pleasant Pellets,' for V ¦ ."**** J3l ? la i?»-. X(1 - v - -
they cured me when doctors and other THE family friend.
medidnes failed," writes Mrs. Mary E. A. L. Amend, of Newfield, El Paso
Lewis, of Tanner, Gilmer Co., W. Va. Co., Colo., says: "We have studied the
"For fifteen years I suffered untold Medical Adviser thoroughly, and when
misery. When I commenced taking Dr. anything is the matter with any of our
Perec's medicines, I had given up all large family the first thing we do is to
hope of ever getting well. I could not see what the book says." ,
Tie down to sleep, and everything I ate Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
would almost cramp me to death. Was Adviser, containing 1008 large pages and
very nervous and could hardly walk over 700 illustrations, is sent free on
across the room. I only weighed ninety receipt of stamps to pay expense of mail-
pjunds when I commenced taking these ing only. Send 31 one-cent stamps for
medicines; 1 now weigh one hundred the -bound volume, or only 21
and forty pounds and am having better stamps for the book in paper - covers.
health than ever before. My friends all Address Dr. R. V. Pierce. Buffalo. N. Y.
LAGUNITAS RANCH
SCENE OF REVEL
Witnesses Describe the
Late W. B. Fme's
Visit.
SAXIXAS, Oct. 31.— Revelations as to j
how the sale of the Lagunttas ranch was j
made to th« late W. B. Frue were con- ;
tinued in the Superior Court to-day in j
connection with the trial 8f the cross- i
complaint in the suit brought by the Com- '
r.ercial Bank of San Jose to recover from
the estate on a note and mortgage. Val
entine Koch, ex-Councilman and ex-
KayOT of San Joee and ex-director of
the Agnews Insane Asylum, swore that :
Mitchell Phillips, knowing he was lnti
xrate with the late W. B. Frue, sought j
an introduction for himself and Moore. :
They called upon him and requested a i
private Interview, during which Phillips j
asked Koch to intercede and try to sell
the ranch to Frue. He eaid it was worth
$43,000, but that he would take $25,000 and ;
would pay Moore and Koch $1000 each to
aid in making the Bale. Witness Koch
f-p.ld h<? indignantly informed Phillips that '
hij would not have anything to do with
such a bargain. Pc was Invited to the
fishing and hunting trip at which the
effort to sell the ranch to Frue was to
hive been made, but refused.
Hackman Henry Barry described th^
swift evening ride under direction of Phil
lips, when he took Frue to g<«t money
from the Union Savings Bank in San Jose
on April 13, 1897.
When Edward Bole*, manager for Phil
ltpe on Lagunitas ranch, took the stand
Ff-nsatlon followed sensation. He said the
ranch buildings were old and dilapidated.
He had received notice from Phillips that
a party of four men was coming down to
thtj ranch, ostensibly for a hunting an'l
fining trip. He was to have everything
ready, as Phillip* believed the trip would
end In a sale. The house, barn an'i
grounds were cleansed, and wine, whisky
and beer were procured. During the
party's stay at the ranch Frue was in
toxicated continually. The sideboard' was
never empty. Phillips' instructions being
p it filled.
The witness at Phillips' request one
month after Frue bought the place had
made en inventory of the property. He
was told by Phillips to make the value of
articles as "high as he possibly could. He
appraised the personal property at double
its actual value. One surrey, valued at
$69, was appraised at $300.
Cananea Bancho Changes Owners.
LOS ANGBIvBS, Oct. 31.— Cananea
rancho, consisting of 350,000 acres, has
tx»en sold to the Oreene Consolidated Cop
per Mining Company. The property has
b«»n owned by United States Senator
George C. Perkins of San Francisco and
ausocistes. The rancho extends from th<*
Arizona boundary south into the State of
Smora. Mexico. The selling price was
a >out $350,000.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell is still in the fight
end will surely win this time, as the
unions are now In Mb favor. Be sure to
for him for Mayor by writing his
Time with a lead pencil at the head of the
t.ank column. • |
YOUTH IN TEENS
THE ROAD AGENT
Puyallup Valley High
wayman in the
Toils.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Oct. 31.— Perry Reynolds, an
18-year-old youth, is believed to be the
boy bandit who has beer, terrifying the
Puyallup Valley for several weeks past.
During that time farmers and their fam
ilies have been frequently held up as they
were driving along lonely country roads.
Last Friday three Tacoma women were
driving in from Sumner, when a high
wayman stepped into the road and leveled
a revolver at their carriage. He was sur
prised to find that it was occupied by
ladies and permitted them to pass. On
Thursday John Ucheff was held up on the
Edgewood road, but luckily had no money.
On the same day a boy was halted by a
masked robber in that vicinity. The
masked highwayman held up M. F. Sager
and family on Saturday morning as they
were driving to Tacoma. All the money
and valuables they carried were taken.
Later in the day two men were halted and
relieved of their cash.
No less than a half dozen other rob
beries have occurred between Bismarck
and Puyallup. In every instance the
highwayman was masked with a dirty
white handkerchief— just sucli a handker
chief as was found on Perry Reynolds
when he was arrested on Monday even
ing by Detective Moran as he was com
ing toward the city. A 3&-caliber nickel
plated revolver was taken from the young*
man's pocket. A similar weapon was
used by the masked man. M. F. Sager
positively identified as his money bag a
pouch taken from Reynolds.
The lad was arraigned this afternoon on
a charge of highway robbery and held for
trial. Numerous witnesses were on hand,
ready to swear that the young man is the
one who last week halted them and at
the mint of a revolver forced them to
hand over their ready cash and other val
uables. Reynolds maintains his inno
cence, but "offers no explanation of his
sion of numerous articles taken
from persons who were robbed.
Resignation of Railroad President.
DENVER, Oct. 31.— J. J. Frey, president
of the Florence and Cripple Creek, one of
the roads in the Denver and Southwestern
system, has resigned. He will be suc
ceeded by A. R. Ford, vice president of
the road. Frey will continue as a director
in the companies making up the Denver
and Southwestern. Frey is president of
the Trans-Alaskan Railway, recently In
corporated, and most of his time will be
devoted to this road.
Spain Expresses Good Feeling.
MADRID, Oct. 31.— The Chamber of
Deputies to-day voted an expression of
fraternal affection toward the Hlspano-
Araerlcan republics In answer to a demon
stration of sympathy with Spain on the
part of the Pan-Americar. Congress In the
City of Mexico.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
MEXICAN TROOPS
ROUT THE YAQUIS
Battle Is Fought in a
Narrow Canyon Near
Guaymas.
Indians Retreat t) Moun
tains, Leaving Many Dead
and Wounded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 31.— After weeks of
raiding of ranches and haciendas and
murdering ranchers, the Yaqul Indians
have met their first formidable opposition.
A courier arrived in Guaymas yesterday,
bearing the news that a band of Taqui3
was coming toward that city, well armed
and mounted. Ueutenajit Colonel Quin
tro at once ordered his 300 troops Into the
field, and the little army started out to
attack the Indians, They came upon them
in La Tuna Tanyon and there a battle
took place.
The Yaquis were taken by surprise, as
they believed there were no troops in So
nora. The soldiers, with Lieutenant Col
onel Quintro at their head, charged into
the narrow canyon. The battle was faat
and furious and lasted almost a half hour;
A large number of Yaquia were killed or
wounded. Heveral troopers were wuund
ed, but not a Mexican was killed.
The Yaquis scattered in an attempt to
escape, but the troops followed them out
of the canyon. The Indians fled to the
mountains, pursued by the cavalry. There
were several hundred Yaquis in the band.
They went toward Yaqul Valley, which is
their stroijghold.
The Yaquiß had been robbing ranches
for some time in the valley close to Guay
mas and a half dozen Mexicans had be*>n
killed by them. Hundreds of horses have
been stolen, corn packed away and other
provisions taken from the haciendas. At
San Lorenzo yesterday the band which
was afterward attacked by the cavalry
destroyed a house and drove off the
horses. They also visited La Misa rancho.
which had been deserted several days ago
on account of the Yaqui raids in that
vicinity. It is believed the Yaquis will b<2
overtaken by the cavalry and that an
other fight will occur. Lieutenant Colo
el Quintro Is highly commended by the
Guaymas newspapers and the people gen
erally for his bravery in attacking the
Indians and driving them back to tha
mountains. The Indians have plenty of
horses and provisions and are in a posi
tion to continue the war. Lieutenant Col
onel Quintro will no doubt be reinforced.
The Mexican people of Guaymaa have
been fearful lest the Yaquis enter that
city to plunder and murder. Their out
rages during the past week were com
mitted within fifty miles of Guaymas.
The Yaqui war was Bu#t>osed to be at
an end and Federal troops were with
drawn from the field after a year of fight
ing in Yaqul Valley. When Tetebite, the
Yaqul chief, was killed a few months ago
it was declared by the Mexicans that the
struggle was at an end forever. But a
new- chief has evidently taken charge of
the Indians and is pressing them to re
new the warfare with the Mexican Gov
ernment. Yaqui Valley is very rich and
the Indians refuse to leave and go to the
southern portion of the republic, which
is the desire of the Mexican Government.
There are several thousand Yaquis and
the Mexicans find it hard to battle against
them in their strongholds of the valley.
Hundreds of peaceful Yaquis are- said
to have Joined the warriors during the
past week. Those who are familiar with
conditions in Sonora believe that, now
that the Yaquis have renewed the war
fare in earnest, only their extermination
will bring permanent peace in that region.
ONE THOUSAND MEN
STRANT>ED IN NOME
Last Steamers to Sail I^eave Benin rl
a Small Army of Destitute
People.
TACOMA, Oct. 31.— Late arrivals say
that the last steamers from. Nome left net
less than 1000 stranded persons there, who
will be dependent on charity for mainte
nance during the winter. G. L. Rlckard,
a member of the Nome City Council, who
has arrived here to spend the winter, says
there was much disappointment over the
failure of the Government to send a trans
port to bring down the penniless pros
pectors. Food supplies at Nome are plen
tiful but they are In hands of. the well
to-do. There will be more work in dig
gings than last winter, but not enough to
provide employment for half of the desti
tute men.
PORT TOWNSEND, Oct. 31.— The
steamship Roanoke arrived this morning
from Nome, bringing 600 passengers, 40 of
whom landed here and will sail for San
Francisco on the Umatilla. The Roanoke
Is the last of the Nome passenger fleet.
She reports all the shipping in the north
practically at an end. and at Nome, St.
Michael and Dutch Harbor all of the
small fleet of have been hauled
out of the water and placed In winter
quarters.
Keewalik, a new town at the mouth of
Candle Creek, promises to become a rival
to Nome, according to passengers arriving
to-day on the steamer Roanoke. The new
town has a population of 1000 people and
buildings are going up rapidly. Owing to
the scarcity of lumber many log houses
are being built. Deering City has practi
cally been deserted, the entire population
having moved to the new town of Kee
walik.
HEARST IS SUMMONED
TO APPEAE IN COURT
Cause Must Bs Shown Why He
n Should N"ot Be Punished for
Contempt.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31.— Judge Elbridgo
Hancey of the Circuit Court issued an or
der this evening summoning before him
at 10 o'clock next Monday morning the
owner of the Chicago American, William
R. Hearst, and six employes of the paper,
to show cause why they should not b»
punished for contempt of court.
The publications on which this action
was taken were news Items, editorials and
cartoons reflecting on the motives of the
Judge In a recent decision in which the
People's Gas, Light and Coke Company
of this city was interested.
Searching for Train Wreckers.
DENVER, Oct. 31.— A special to the Re
publican from Rock Springs says the au
thorities are investigating the cause of
last night's wreck on the Union Pacific
at this place, and it is said arrests will be
made soon. It is alleged that the switch
had been thrown for the Biding and locked
and the switch lights extinguished.
Two Deaths in a Train Wreck.
TERRE HAUTE, kid., Oct. 31.— A
freight train wreck happened to-day at
Judson, Ind., on the Logansport division
of the Vandalia road. The wreck was
caused by one freight train breaking in
two and the rear section backing Into a
freight train following it. A fireman and
a passenger were killed.
President Will Visit Northwest.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31.—Representa
tive Jones of Washington called on Presi
dent Roosevelt to-day to pay his respects.
The President referred to his great inter
est in the Northwest and said he expected
to make a tour of that part of the United
States next summer.
Moors Pay an Indemnity.
TANGIER, Oct. 31.— The Moorlßh Gov
ernment has paid Spain $30,000 for the
parents and $1500 indemnity as a result
of the capture by Kabyle tribesmen of a
Spanish boy and girl last May at Arsilla,
on the Atlantic coast of Morocco.
Shoots Negress and Himself.
SAN PEDRO, Oct. 31.— Alexander Alex
ander, a white man, shot Lottie M~
Knight, a negress, and then killed him
self here last night. The McKnight
woman may live, but the attending phy
sician believes her recovery doubtful.
Jealous Infatuation led to the crime.
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Get it. You'll not regret it. «
MODOC LYNCHING
CASES IN COURT
Motion to Set Aside
the Indictment Is
Denied.
Strong Faction Working to
Free the Three Men Now
in Prison.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALTURAS, Oct. 31.— The case of the
people versus J. W. Brown et al., the al
leged Lookout lynchers, was called
in the Superior Court this morn
ing before Judge J. W, Harrington.
J. B. Baker, for the defense, moved to
set aside the indictment found by the
Grand Jury upon the ground that the
names of the witnesses who testified be
fore the Grand Jury were not mentioned
in and Inscribed upon the indictment, and
that persons were allowed to be present
tit the session at the Grand Jury Mho had
no official connection with the case; also
that certain depositions were not intro
duced. Judge Harrington denied the mo
tion and granted the defense until to
morrow to file a demurrer. A motion to
set aside the ii.dictment of Eades will be
heard to-morrow.
REDDING, Oct. 31.— A .strange story
was told in Redding to-day bjt a man of
unquestioned Integrity, and conversant
with the facts, which indicates that that
portion of the people of Modoc County
who take any active interest whatever
In the late Lookout lynchings have
leagued together to prevent the convic
tion of any of the men accused of partici
pation In the crime and to stop all pro
ceedings as speedily and effectually as
possible. The man who says this is a
well-to-do farmer of Modoc County, who
Is a member of the Grand Jury that in
dicted lsom Eades, James W. Brown
and Robert E. Leventon. He Is extremely
anxious to see Justice done, but it is wise,
he says, not to talk too much in that
county. The men who are talking most
there are not men with any Interest or
relationships that might suffer.
This grand juror says that the men
who lynched Calvin Hall, his three sona
and Daniel Yantes were fourteen in num
ber, and that :heir identity is known to
nearly every resident of the Lookout dis
trict. He says that the mob was gathered
hastily, that the men who composed it—
nearly all of them .young men— reside In
Lookout and in the immediate vicinity,
and that that community has set Itself
solidly to thwart all efforts to ferret out
the guilty men and to retard any prose
cution. The rest of Modoc County is de
scribed as being too fearful or too apa
thetic to do anything to aid the cause of
justice.
"The three men In jail and about eleven
others." Bald the informant, "are the men
who did the lynching. Their neighbors
know who are guilty, and any clever per
son can find out who they are. But I
believe not one of them can be convicted.
Somebody must turn traitor if a convic
tion Is had on anything but circumstan
tial evidence, nnd this no one is apt tc
do. Some want to, but are afraid. Nearly
every one of the guilty men testified be
fore the Grand Jury. It will be a bitter,
bitter day for the first man that turns
State's evidence. If none of the lyncheru
are members of the Grand Jury, at least
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Get Rid )J
: ::"X; Of the - "'¦-¦
Rheumatism
Don't continue to suffer with rheu-
matism when you can get cured by tak-
ing Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine.
We know this same thing has been
said about medicines that could not
cure rheumatism, but it can be truth-
fully said of Halpruner's, because it is
made of the right ingredients to seek
the seat of the rheumatic trouble and
remove the cause. ''¦..,
¦ Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine can
be taken internally and applied exter-
nally — taken internally to remove the
cause and applied externally to remove
the pain. Dr. Halpruner's office con-
tains testimonials from hundreds of
people who have been cured of rheu-
matism. If you doubt what we say we
will be pleased to send the names of
people with whom you can communi-
cate. Halpruner's is a wonderful medi-
cine, because it has performed wonder-
ful cures, and a medicine that can re-
move pain and rid the system of rheu-
matism is well named a "wonderful
medicine." >: '
No " one but a rheumatic sufferer
knows the tortures and misery of this
! disease. Dr. Halpruner suffered with
it for years, and that is how he hap-
pened to discover a cure, and Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine is a posi-
tive cure. : . r
All druggists sell Halprurrv^'s — .=;oc
and $i a bottle— the $r. size contains
three times the quantity of the small
size. But demand genuine . , -
>ihlprunerV
MARQI'AM (Clackamas County, Or.),
May 25, 1901.— Halpruner Medical Mfg.
Company— Gentlemen: Having suffered
terribly with muscular and Inflammatory
rheumatism for about eleven years, and
last J.anuary I had it so bad I could hard-
ly walk. But, through the advice of my
uncle, I sent to Dr. Halpruner for some
of his wonderful rheumatism medicine.
He sent me two one-dollar bottle*, which
I have taken internally as per directions.
My rheumatism has all disappeared and
I feel thoroughly cured. My advice to
any person who may be suffering with
rheumatism ¦ is to purchase Dr. Halpru-
ner's wonderful medicine from their drug-
gist or grocer. and use it strictly accord-
ing to the directions/and it will positive-
ly cure them. Very respectfully yours,
. MISS EVA JACKSON.
TV Trial Treatment.
Dr. Hrlpruner will give sufferers a trial
treatment free every afternoon, except
Sundays, between 2 and 5 o'clock, at his
office, 28 California street, S. P., Cal. ¦-;
i visit DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
SMUSEUM5 MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
A Ch 1051 nmnsT.br.. earn, 8.F.&1. i
V • nr .. The Largest Anatomical Museum In the
M , J-. . World. Weaknesses or any contracted ,
7 Sffißaß *««« pcslli««-lrctire4~hv the oldest '
0 JKBI Specialist on Ihe Coast. Eit. 36 years. (I
4 tt9? DR * JORDAN-DISEASES Or MEN
\ WWmO Consultation free and strictly prirate.
B i X»Ct DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN h
F^Gitol Consultation free and strictly private. \
f nVI Treatment personally or by letter. A M
\IV Ql '»»'«'•• Curt in every case undertaken. \
Iff 111 Write for Boole. PHILOSOPHY or i
"¦' a 1* .UniHAGK, MAILED FREE. (AY
\ M ..; II ' valuable book for mm) - • ¦ \
f I>R. JORDAN A •'©.. 1051 Marlcpt St. S. P. f
' >g^pEW£Y.STRONG &Co.j>gV .
(1 >)
MARKET bT.sf.^£y
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican remedy; gives health and
: Btrens-tfa to sexual orrans. DeDOt. . 323 Market I
, • ¦ ¦ . •• • . '¦ ¦ ¦ .: - _.!¦.¦-<- ¦(... - ¦
ENDS HER LIFE
WITH A RAZOR
Mrs. John T. Chestnut
of Pacific Grove a
Suicide.
— i »
Fear That She Is Becoming
Insane Leads to the
Sad Tragedy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Oct. 31.— Mrs. J. T.
Chestnut, widow of thte late John T.
Chestnut, and one of the prominent resi
dents of Monterey County, committed sui
cide at her home in this city this after
noon while suffering from acute melan
cholia. She left a letter which bids fare
well to her family and gives as a reason
for her suicide that she knew she was
becoming, insane and wished to die while
in her right mind. The letter would in
dicate that the writer was suffering from
mental aberration.
Shortly before 5 o'clock Mrs. Chestnut
was found by her son-in-law, I. K. Mil
ler, lying upon the floor of her room, with
her throat cut. A bloody razor, the in
strument with which she had ended her
life, lay beside her. Nothing is known
of the circumstances of her death as she
was alone In the house all afternoon.
Mrs. Chestnut has been more or less
affected by melancholia since the death
of her husband about a year ago. Lately
she had grown so much worse that her
family became alarmed, although a trag
edy such as that of to-day was not ex
pected. Mrs. Chestnut's daughter was
preparing to takt» her away for a change
of scene, In the hope of bettering her
mental condition, and It is believed the
slight bustle incident to preparation for
the trip was too much for her weak,
nervous condition.
Mrs. Chestnut leaves three daughters,
Mrs I. K. Miller and Miss Bessie Chest
nut of Pacific Grove and Mrs. Elmer P.
Alexander of Salinas.
Southworth-Nicholas Wedding.
SAN RAFAEL., Oct. 31.— A quiet wed
ding? took place In the home of Mrs. T. W.
Park in this city to-day when her sister,
Miss Belle Carter Nicholas, was united in
marnage to Frederick Bates Southworth.
The ceremony was performed by the Rev.
J. 8. McDonald. The house was beauti
fully decorated. Only a few intimate
friends witnessed the ceremony. After a
wedding 1 breakfast Mr. and Mrs. South
worth departed for Del Monte, where they
will spend their honeymoon, afterward
making this their home. The bride has a
large circle of friends. She is a charm-
Ing young woman and possessed of rare
gifts of mind.
they have a strong influence In that
body."
The Mo<3oc farmer says that four mem
bers of the jury opposed the indictment of
Eades, Leventon and his young- brother
in-law Brown in unmeasured terms. Tho
indictments were found only after these
men had exhausted their last resource
to prevent suc-h action. It is said around
lookout that certain men who own ex
tensive stock interests are prepared to
spend everything they have in an en
deavor to prevent the conviction of any
of the three men in jail.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
STATEMENT
¦ — OF THE 
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
" '-v "___ OF THE :' '';;'¦'
Northern Assurance
liUlUlplll npoUldlllu
(lßo)rp»ted 1836— Pacific Coast 1853)
COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1900. and for the
year ending: on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions 'of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $1. 504000 00
. ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $2,494,660 31
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,337,890 10
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 18,831.940 19
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
. of Bonds. Stocks and other mar- . ¦
ketable securities as collateral - 3, 05 i. 1 60
Cash in Company's Office • 6,980 71
Cash in Banks 421,303 61
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ..- 215,15117
Interest due and accrued, on. Bonds
and Mortgages .;.."... 56,310 31
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion .".......%.:¦,......... 133,259 25
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
': for Fire and Marine RTsksi.......' 76,479 79
Rents due and accrued. 5,954 11
Stamp* .....1..... 1.179 08
Reversions owned by the Company.. 1,749,618 88
Due from other Companies and from
Agents .:.... 944,802 68
: Total Assets *29,359,&71 79
LIABILITIES. ,• ¦
Losses adjusted and unpaid ] -:
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense ¦ $320,460 98
Losses resisted, Including ex-
penses .'. l . ,
Gross premiums on Fire risks run- ,
ning one year or less, $ ;
reinsurance 50 per cent
Gross premiums ¦on Fire Risks 1,880,774 42
running more than one year,
— ¦ ; reinsurance pro rata...J . ¦'.
Liability under Life Department.... 19,674.867 94
Bills payable 31,514 73
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 14.604 2!)
All other Liabilities 163,13133
Total Liabilities ....! — $22,085,348 71
V. * : INCOME. . , ~~ *
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $3,761,548 j,3
Net cash actually received for Life
premiums • •• ' 1,324,138 42
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other 50urce5........'............. 951,661 63
Received for Rents ..........; 60,233 46
Received from all other sources.... 874,732 79
•. Total Income $6,462,313 13
, ' .... EXPENDITURES. ' ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) 12,152,833 83
Net amount paid for Life Losses
(Including ¦ $ , losses jof pre-
vious years) .....".......»... 1.370.64167
Dividends to Stockholders 449,145 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
. Brokerage : 627 507 !>5
Paid • for Salaries, Fees and other .
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 743,877 83
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 106,673
All other payments and . expendi-
tures r . 253.344 96
Total Expenditures $6,704,020 08
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $2,085,943 25
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks | ¦ .
written during the
year ..: $1,225,037,912 $3,761,648 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ..:.... 1,178.277,403 3,617,817 60
Net amount In force »• .
December 31. 1900... 816,691.942 Z. 507 .699 22
\ ERNEST CHAPLIN, Chairman.
• H. E. WILSON. General Manager
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 11th
day of April. 1901.
H. G. BISHOP, . Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
21 SANS OWE STREET,
San ' Francisco.
GEO. F. CHANT ..... Manager,
¦; San Franclscj 0 fics, 239 Sansom3 Street-
: H. C. AHPEL CO., A Nentsi r
_V^;- __ : AMUSEMENTS.^ ¦ -^^
Phi MUD I A SAH FRASCfSCO'S
wULUmQIA LEA theatre
LAST 2 MATINEE TO-MORROW.
STUART ROBSON
. In Bronson Howard's . Greatest Comedy.
"THE HENRIETTA."
Last Performance Saturday Night.
FYTP A t BEGINNING
DAIK/\J NEXT MONDAY.
Engagement of
SARAH COWELL
LEMOYNE,
America's Grandest Actress,
In the Brilliant Historical Play.
THE FIRST CHARLES
DUCHESS OF »-« Y »
IARLBOROU6H L i~Sr-
SEAT SALE NOW PROGRESSING
LAST TIMES— TO-NIGHT. MATINEE TO-
MORROW. TO-MORROW EVENING,
The New York : and London success.
SPORTING LIFE.
SUNDAY NIGHT.
IN OLD KENTUCKY
SEATS NOW SELLING
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Ellinghouse and Oppenhplroer Be* to Announce
Three explanatory recitals at the piano on
WAQ 2STHJR.S
PARSIFAL. DIE MEISTERSINGER. TRIS-
TAN Vtn> ISOLDE.
Afternoons of Nov. sth. 7th and 12th at 3:15.
BY MR. WALTER DAMROSCH.
PRlCES— Orchestra. $150; Balcony $1; Gal-
lery, 500. SEATS READY. '
ALL HEADLINERS I
Lillian .Burkkart and Co., Miyo Sat:,
Harris and Walters, Beaux and
Belles and the Biograph. Last
times of Leslie Brothers, Mignon-
ette Kokin, Francis Le Page and
John Oeiger. %*¦' ,'
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. f>oc\ ' ' m '
GRANDS
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
• LAST THREE NIGHTS OF *
WALTER B. PERKINS.
The Clever Comedian In ' V ->
"MY FRIEND FROM INDIA,"
Another of H. A. Dv Souchet's Funny Comedies
POPULAR PRICES— IOc. 15c. Me, 80c, 7Sc.
Gocd Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next ¦Week— WALTER E. PERKINS In "THE
NEW BOY." _.
CHUTES ANDJZOO *a*BEj~
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
HARRY HARMON, High Diver.
' TO-MORROW NIGHT,
GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK
Telephone for seats. Park 23.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. SACRAMENTO
To-Day and Saturday at 2:45
SUNDAY....; AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
T7TQrWI7R'Q CONCERT HOUSE,
HlOtnJlnD Admission 10c.
GEISSLER - IHRSCHHORN TYROLEAN
TROUPE; Hymo and Syma; Cella De Lacy;
Eleanore Jenkins: The Laskeys: Christian ;
Christy, Tramp Juggler, and Hlnrichs* Or-
chestra. Reserved Beats. 23c Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO B^THS.
OPEN NIGHTS: open dally from 7 a. in, to
1 p. m. ; bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
Admission 10c, children sc; bathing, Including
admisnion. 23c. children 20c. - On and after Mon-
day. Nov. 4, 1901. the Sutra baths close at I p.m.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
Everything that tend* to
speed, comfort, pleasure and '
luxury unlimited. Reserve
berths for this famous train
at 641 Market street.
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., OH THE
SANTA FE
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Hailed
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob StraaJ*
& Co. (est'd. 1852). 17 and 19 Fremont ¦?. ; upon
installment or rented; also beer apparatus.
j§ COAL. COKE ANJ PI3 IROT.
j. c wilson &f ft SM Battery Streev
J- L- WILMJfI tt til-. Telephone Mala Hit.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAC FliYi'S&f I Shipping BuLeb-rs. IM
JA_- CUI Lj a VJ- Clay. T«!. Main UH
OILS. ; .
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS.
4U Front at.. & F. Phone Mala 1711
PRINTINQ.
E. C. RUCHES, maSagftr>;
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
.' Ur HICKS-JUDD CO.. ' - •
_ .^...~ O^Ftttt ttreet. Sea Trtnciic*
AMUSEMENTS.
*xiyoi:i*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.—
LAST WEEK OF GRAND OPBRA.
To-night and Saturday Night.
"CARMEN."
Sunday Night and Saturday Ka'tiTWtj
"LA BOHEME."
Sunday Afternoon, ,
BENEFIT VERDI MONUMENT FCN3>. •
' - Seats Now on Sale at Tlvoli. .
Monday". Nov. 4— First appearance la Am eric* of
POLLARD'S JUVENILE OPERA CO.
In THE BELLE OF NEW TORK. -.
Saturday and. Sunday Matinees.
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 60c and 750
' ' Telephone Bush 9. ¦ • •*. -,
fS^RACING
EVERY WEEK DAY— RAIN OR SHINE.
SEASON 1901-1902.
OPENING NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and I p. no., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th»
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smokinr. Buy your
rafry tickets to Shalt Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric car» at Seventh and Broadway. O«h- .
land. Also ail trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars «ro direct to th« track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
P.. B. MILROY. Secretary.
Belasco St Than, Manager*. . . ::
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
A Popular Revival of ' •
TENNESSEE'S
PARDNER.
Bret Harte'a Beautiful Romance.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
Next— "NAN-" AND COMPANY."
EXTRA MATINEE ELECTION DAT
• (TUESDAY. NOV 3TH.)
TO-NIGHT and Saturday and Sunday Zv'g*.
MATINEE TO-MORROW and S"_*NDAT.
THE GREAT
NORTHWEST.
' The Most Stupendously Spectacular of All
Great Melodramas.
DTrEC Evening* 10c. 15c, J»c. SSc, SOc
rttiv/CJ Matinees XOc. 13c, 250
NEXT MONDAY— "NORTHERN LIGHTS."
EXTRA MATINEE ELECTION DAY (Tues-
. day, November 5). Seats Now on Sale.
| PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY, ON THE «ST
day of December, A. D. 1900. and for th«
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the 3tat» Of Cai.-
fonila, pursuant to the provisions of sections
no and til Of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. . ¦
ASSETS. f;?V*
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 166,900 '*)
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 271. 1 M It
Cash in Company Office 1.*4« W
Cash in Banks •• ¦¦".¦¦• 11,970 03
Interest due and accrued oa all Stocks)
and Loans • 1.250 S2
Interest duo and accrued on Bonds tad
Mortgages • ¦ <••• Of It
Premiums In due Course of Collection 31151 93
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid ' S.OM 12
Certificates of Deposit In hands or
Trustees ...»• 79.837 13
Total Assets WM.W «3
LIABILITIES. • * "~~~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid (4.428 43
Losses In process of Adjustment or la
Suroesse ........•--••••---•••••••••••••• 13, WJ 17
Losses rmisted. including; expenses.:. 13.900 M
Groea premiums on Fire Risks run- •.•.—.¦
ning one year or less. 1355.184 97; re-
insurance »0 per cent 177, 1K 48
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. 1311,018 51;
reinsurance pro rs.t» 1C9,551 93
All other liabilities .: 45.750 18
Total Liabilities ...«71.g4 M
INCOME.
Net cash actually rewired for Ftrt
premiums MtT.Mt 3
Received for Interest on Bonds and
- Mortgages • ' 4,531*7
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from all
other sources .- 14.SM SO
Received from Home Office C9.CM $•
Total Income (328, tSi a
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses i (In-
cluding *48,639 M. losses of previous
years) •• 1.... ...1403,583 (9
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage -- • ••• UX239 «
Paid for Salaries, Fees and otier
1 charges for officers, clerks, etc 8.118 43
Paid for State, National and Local
1 taxes 13,434 03
All other payments and expenditures. 24.739 (5
Interest remitted to Home Office 13.567 *8
i Total Expenditure* iua,t7l 10
'Tin. ~
Losses incurred during the year C 57.413 «
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risk*. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
3TT~.^15 mmm mm.
year 16J.045.C9 ISV.3C3 S3
Net amount of Risks
NT^ounrTA*"forv! °' m *"
Net amount in force
* December 31. 180* 43.063,8741 Ma, JOT »t
ADOLPH LOEB. U. S. - Manager. '
Subscribed and sworn to before me thle 18th
day of January. 1901. -'' •
MARK A. FOOTE, Notary Public.
WALTER SPEYER,
General Agent for the Pacific
Coast States and Territories,
25 SANSO ME STREET i
San Francisco. Cal,
78
WEAVING A WEB
ABOUT BUCKLEY
Witnesses Testify as to
Murder of George
W. Rice.
From Back View One of
Them Identifies Buckley
as the Shooter.
The preliminary examination of William
Buckley, Thomas Moran. Charles Donnel
ly axiu Edward Duncan on the charge of
murder for killing George W. Rice, a non
union machinist, at Twentieth and Howard
streets on October lh was continued be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday. The prose
cufon Is weaving a web around Buckley
which has not yet befen completed.
Louis R. Levy, 2736^ Howard street, was
the first witness examined. He testified
that he was on the car on the right side
of the front dummy and when it stopped
at Twentieth street he heard a shot on
the left side. He jumped off the car and
started to run round to the left side, when
three more shots were fired. He saw two
men running down Twentieth street and
ran after them for a short distance till
they turned into Shotvrell street.
Buckley was made to stand with his
back toward the witness and while he
was in that position Levy identified him
as one of the men who had run away.
Oeorge E. English, 2417 Howard street,
testified that he was on the car. At
Twentieth street Rice got off, as did three
or four others. One of them grabbed hold
of the back of Rice's coat and hit him
five or six times on the head with a club.
After Rice had fallen some one ran
toward him and stood over him, firing
four'shots at him. He was on the left
side of the car. The shooter and the man
who had done the clubbing ran down
Twentieth street and the witness ran
after them till he saw them turn into
Shotwell street. He could not identify
Buckley as the shooter, but said he was
about the same build and very much the
same as regarded his face. Levy took no
notice of the man who did the clubbing.
The witness was very much excited at the
time.
Policeman Brown testified to chasing
and capturing Buckley, who at first said
he was running to catch a Harrison-street
car as he had to meet a lady, and later
paid he had gone to Twentieth and How
ard streets to see a "scab licked." The
witness took Buckley to the hospital and
R;cc said he looked like the man who shot,
him and described him as wearing a white
¦Ml and gray coat.
Corporal Russell showed a diagram of
tht scene of the murder and the case was
cortinued till this morning.
BAILBOAD MAN MAKES
BIG HIT AS SALESMAN
John S. Inglis Sells Shirtwaists and
Hats Damaged by Fire tc His
Friends.
Yesterday was bargain day in the Union
Pacific Company freight offices at 5 Mont
gomery street. "Jack" Inglis officiated
as salesman and floor walker and was
kept busy all day selling men's hats and
ladies' shirtwaists.
The Union Pacific had a train wreck re
cently and had a lar.se shipment of goods
damaged by fire. This included hand
some silk waists consigned to a local dry
goods house, and the latest designs in fall
hat were to go to a popular hatter
on Market street. After deliberation It
was decided to let the railroad people and
their friends take advantage of the bar
gain sale. The young lady stenographers
telephoned their lady friends that there
was a chance to get a swell shirtwaist
cheap. The offices were soon besieged
by a line of the fair sex picking out the
latest things from New York. In the
same way the railroad men soon heard
about the hats, and by night the entire
shipment of goods was sold.
Furey Would Not Prosecute.
The case of J. A. Knapp, charged with
assault to murder, was dismissed by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. Ed Furey, the
complaining witness, who was formerly a
special officer, said he would not prose
cute Knapp, as he was one of his best
friends. They had a fight in Green's sa
loon, Eddy and Mason streets, and Knapp
fired a shot at Furey.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEASONABLE HINTS. .
Guard Your Health, in Fall and Early
Winter.
A change from warm to cold is always
attended with more danger than from a
cold to a warm temperature, hence the
greater mortality from lung and throat
diseases at this season of the year as
compared with spring.
The best protection against colds Is not
bo much in extra clothing as in good di-
gestion.
If the digestion and circulation are good,
colds will be unknown.
Poor digestion causes poor circulation
of the blood, and when in this condition
severe colds are contracted on the slight-
est provocation.
People who make a regular practice of
taking Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets after
meals are free from colds simply because
their digestion is perfect, the heart strong
and regular, and the whole system forti-
fied against disease. •
It requires little argument to convince
any one that the best safeguard against
colds, pneumonia and changes of temper-
ature is a good stomach.
Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
meals are dissolved, and mingling with
the food cause it to be promptly digested
and assimilated; they do this because they
contain nothing but harmless digestive
elements, which digest meat, eggs and
other food even when the stomach itself
is weak and flaccid.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets make people
•well and keep them well, and the best
habit you can acquire is to keep daily use
of them at meals to make the digestive
organs strong and vigorous.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BEMTO CO.
We offer some stock for sale in this mine at
60c per share. Price will be advanced on No-
vember 15. The money will be used for devel-
opment and to build a furnace which will im-
mediately enhance the value. Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a shaft 260 feet deep
and 1000 feet of tunnels. We own 720 acres of
land with buildings and machinery. We want
you to see this mine. The stock in the Silver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to $3 per
chare and Is all cold and issued and will pay
a dividend In a short time." ' ¦
H. R. BRADFORD,
President and General Manager
7 North Market st., San Jose Cal
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office
418 KEARNY STREET. Kan Francisco
_ F. DE FREITAS, Agent.
jgSS^\ MM> VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
i^Ef"*^^ MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
fH J^ CQ have been in use over nfty
MfSV^P jexi J'pars by the leaders of the
BJjfe"* Mormon Church and their
®VIM, VIGOR. Positively cure the
MORMON BISHOP' S PIL.LS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
B*«3rJ';?lf- it 33 worst cases in old and young
HL^UkV B» arising from effects of self-
Vffhmf)} tSm abuse, dissipation, excesses or
iJgfS'Fr* cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotenoy, Lost
TWagHr Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back, Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, fmm Vartcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ncr f^ MM vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are LTL.iJrm '"mediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *»»*» * » ncy to every func-
tion. Don't ret despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore ¦mall, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 SO by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Ban Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG . CO., 38
and 40 Third St.
lA/. T. HESS,'
HOTABT PUBLIC IKS ATTOBNET-AT-LiW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1016, Class Bprech.els Bldg.
Telephone Main 952.
Residence, 821 California St.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone James ISOL
NATIVE SONS OF VERMONT WILL
LISTEN TO SONG AND TO STORY
Entertainment Under Auspices of the Order, to Be
Given in Odd Fellows' Hall To-Night, Will Be
Participated in by Clever and Popular Artists
CARRO TRUE-BOARDMAN, the
well known exponent of elocution,
physical culture and dramatic art,
will participate in the entertain
ment to be given under the aus
pices of the Native Sons of Vermont to
night In Odd Fellows' Hall. Her number,
the fifth on the programme, will be a reci
tation in dialect, and her many friends,
bcth in the order and outside of it, antici
pate much pleasure in this feature of the
entertainment.
The literary and' musical entertainment
will be followed by a bonbon social and
dance, beginning at 10 o'clock. Following
is the programme in full:
Selections. Dellepiane's orchestra; Carita.
the only lady conjurer; contralto solo. "May
}>lossome," Maude Day Came; song, Knicker
bocker Quartet: recitation In dialect, Carro
True-Boardman; tenor solo. "Ah. Moon of My
De-llght," Algernon Aapland; '•Barbara," a
comedy in one act, by Jerome K. Jerome, with
Miss Charlotte E. Johnstone as Barbara, Miss
ROBBERS FIRE
UPON CITIZENS
Kansas Bandits Burn a
Stable and Wreck
a Depot.
LARNED, Kans. . Oct. 31.— Snell's livery
barn was burned early this morning, to
gether with twenty-five horses and a large
lot of buggies and harness. At the same
time the Santa Fe safe was blown to
pieces ¦with dynamite and the depot badly
wrecked.
It is believed the safe-blowers set the
livery stable on fire in order to attract the
crowd to another part of town. Over a
dozen shots were exchanged between the
robbers and citizens who rushed to the
depot. In the darkness and confusion the
robbers escaped. They secured no booty.
MATLOCK, lowa, Oct. 31.— Early to-day
the Bank of Matlock was robbed by six
men, who secured about $2000. Of this
amount $300 was in silver. Four of the
men stationed themselves so as to guard
all points while the other two went inside.
They made use of dynamite, three heavy
shots being fired, waking many people.
The safe and vault were shattered and
the building was badly wrecked. There
is no ciew and no effort was made to fol
low the robbers because all were so heav
ily armed. The total loss in money and
damage to the safe and building is over
$4000.
DES MOINES, lowa, Oct. 31.— Robbers
during a heavy rainstorm last night blew
open the safe of the Bank of Orispe, in
the town of Orispe, in Union County. They
obtained $300 in cash and a large amount
in negotiable paper. There is no clew to
the robbers.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Issued.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31.— The Postoffice
Department to-day issued the following:
Postoffice name changed — California —
Rayneta, Riverside County, to Idyllwild;
Frank E. Powers, postmaster.^
Postmasters commissioned — Alfred G.
Lucas, Howard Summit; Marguerite M.
Carroll, Pismo; Paul B. Wightman, Sky
land. Washington— George A. Magoon,
Gig Harbor.
Postmaster appointed — "Washington — C.
F. Actor, Alto, Columbia County, vice LAo
Simernxan, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Calif ornJa
—Original— Fred R. Eisner, San Francisco,
$6; Joseph Ham, Junction City. $10; Wil
liam D. Farley, Sawtelle. W. War with
Spain— William B. Kysh. Menlo Park, $8.
Increase— George W. Courts, Hydesville,
$10; Joseph A. Aldams, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles. $10.
Oregon— Original, war with Spain—Wil
liam O. Tycer, Brownsville, $6.
Washington — Original — John M. Ben
ward, Cunningham, $6.
King Edward in Good Health.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— The Lancet says it
has official authority to announce that the
recent rumors regarding the health ot
King Edward are entirely without truth
or foundation. The Lancet further says
the King is in good health and has under
gone iio operation whatever.
Special Rates
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10. inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For timetables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
Ml Market St., and ferry depot.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
ELOCUTIONIST WHO WILL.
RECITE AT THE VBRMONT
ERS' ENTERTAINMENT.
Jean M. Baldwin as Li Hie. Frank I. Kin*well
as Cecil and William M. Ogilvie as Flnnlcum.
BOLOMEN MEET
FEARLESS FOES
Dozen Americans Defeat
a Large Insurgent
Force.
MANILA, Oct. 31.— Advices just received
here from Catb'alagon, island of Samar,
say that twelve men of Company G,
Ninth Infantry, under command of Ser
geant Wilford, who had been sent from
Bassy to San Antonio to investigate and
report in regard to the number of bolo
men in the vicinity, were viciously at
tacked by 140 insurgents, who killed two
of the soldiers andwounded two others.
Wilford remainw cool and collected
during the attack, and the survivors say
he acted splendidly. Fourteen of the In
surgents were killed. Captain Bookmiller
of Company G recommends Wilford for
a medal of honor and Privates Swanton
and Vero for certificates of merit.
General Hughes reports the complete
surrender of the insurgents of the island
of Cebu, consisting of 400 men and sixty
offlcrs, with 150 rifles and eight brass field
pieces.
The pouring of troops into the island of
Samar is believed to have had a good
effect on the Cebu insurgents, who had
been wavering for some time. The mal
contents kept up the conflict by saying
that a majority of the American troops
had left the Philippines.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31.— An important
cablegram was received at the War De
partment this morning from General
Chaff ee. It follows in part:
"MANILA, Oct. 31.— Adjutant General,
Washington: The following from Briga
dier General Hughes: "The insurrection
forces on Cebu Island have taken the
oath of allegiance in good faith. Sixty
officers and 400 men have surrendered
arms.'
"This settles for the present, at least,
the disturbance heretofore existing in
Cebu. Future disorder in that island will
be made by deliberate action of inhabi
tants, as peace may be easily preserved
if the people are disposed to do so. I shall
advise Hughes to waste no time, but move
on Bohol immediately. CHAFFEE."
BASKI-BAZOUKS WANT
MONEY FOB SERVICES
Serious Demonstration by Soldiers
Causes Alarm in the Palace of
the Sultan.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 31.— A muti
nous demonstration was made in front of
the Admiralty Offices Tuesday by 600 ©ul
cers- and non-commissioned Bashi-Ba
zouks, which caused dismay among the
occupants of the Yildiz Palace. The pay
of those who took part in the demonstra
tion is several months in arrears and
only a promise of prompt settlement pre
vented the carrying out of threats of fur
ther action.
All troops, with the exception of the
w.arines, are paid with fair regularity be
cause they furnish the guard at the week
ly Selamllk, and discontent might arise
and cause serious consequences.
Howards Reach, a Compromise.
REDWOOD €ITY, Oct 31.— Judge Buck
to-day appointed Anna D. Howard and
Edward W. Hcrward aa special adminis
trators of the estate of William H. How
ard. The appointment was made with the
consent of all persons interested in the
estate and thus one threatened contest
was avoided. To-day's compromise, how
ever, does not decide which will— that pro
duced by the son or the one presented by
the widow of the deceased— shall be ad
mitted to probate, and there may yet be
a contest over the property.
OVERHEAD WIRES
MAY COME DOWN
Supervisors Favor Dras
tic Measure Toward
Corporation.
Would Force Market Street
Company to Keep Its
Obligations.
In order to force the Market-street Rail
way Company to keep Its promise to take
up Its abandoned tracks and restore the
streets td their original condition, the Su
pervisors-- Public Utilities Committee de
cided yesterday to recommend an ordi
nance requiring the street car corpora
tions to. take down all overhead electric
wires in certain districts. When the com
mittee met there was no representative
present from the Market-street Company,
although Jere Burke had promised at the
last meeting to have Superintendent of
Construction Lynch appear to answer cer
tain questions.
The committee waa pot pleased at the
absence of Burke and {Lynch, and after a
spirited discussion agreed that something
should be done to compel the big corpor
ation to fulfill its obligations. It was the
sense of Supervisors Reed, McCarthy and
Connor, composing the committee, that a
district should be created wherein no
overhead wires shall be permitted to be
maintained. This district, as suggested
by the committee, is to be bounded by
Van Ness avenue. Eleventh street, Chan
nel street and the bay.
It was also resolved to ask the Attor
ney General for permission to sue the
Market-street Company for forfeiture of
its franchise on account of its refusal to
keep the law in regard to paving the
streets between its tracks after tearing
up its abandoned rails and slots. The
ordinance will be drafted so as to forbid
overhead wires on Howard, Ellis and
Post streets where the company has neg
lected to live up to the terms of its fran
chise.
Jere Burke came in after action on the
proposed ordinance had been taken.
Burke asked that the hearing on the mat
ter be postponed for one week, as Super
intendent Lynch was unable to be pres
ent. The request was granted, but the
ordinance agreed upon will come before
the Supervisors nex. Monday.
A resolution was also adopted calling
on the Spring Val' y Water Works, the
Vlßitacion Water Company and all others
having existing water works capable of
being used to supply water to the inhabi
tants of this city to offer their plants for
sale to this city on or before November
18, 1901. This ie in accordance with the
charter, and the lowest offer will be pit
ted against the proposition to bring water
from the Tuolumne River when they are
submitted to a vote of the people.
NOE VALLEY WILL SOON
HAVE NEW SCHOOLHOUSE
Auditor Wells Signs Demand for
Payment for Site at Twenty-
Fourth and Noe Streets.
Acting on the advice of his attorney,
Reuben H. Lloyd, Auditor Wells yester
day audited the demand for $10,465 for the
property recently purchased at the cor
ner of Twenty-fourth and Noe streets by
the Board of Education. When the de
mand was presented to the Auditor one
month ago he refused to sign it, because
he denied the power of the board to ac
quire property in Its own name. The
Question was referred to his attorney,
who pronounces the transaction perfectly
legal.
The Board of Education will shortly
have plans prepared for an eight-room
schoolhouse in this district, which sauly
needs it. The Board of Public Works will
be asked to make an estimate of the cost
of the butldingr as soon as the deed is
signed by the former owners of the site —
Mary E. Gies, Christina Gies, James M.
Curtin and Mary Tobener.
Easter at the Holy Sepulcher.
Rev. T. Caraher, rector of St. Francis'
Church, Vallejo street, will deliver a lec
ture next Sunday evening at 8 o'clock on
"Easter at the Holy Sepulcher." He will
describe the extraordinary scenes he wit
nessed at the Latin and Greek festivals.
Musical selections will be rendered be
fore and afLer the lecture. The general
admission will be 50 cents and reserved
seats 25 cents extra. Tickets are for sale
at the parochial residence, 620 Vallejo
street; P. A. Buckley's, 1311 Stockton
street, and Gallagher Bros., 18 McAllister
street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I . ••'. :: - ¦¦'-/¦ ¦¦• ___ _;_;__' j .^_ : '; t
COMPANY'S EXTRACT of
Beef stands for health in. the
home and economy in the
kitchen . : '
Get the genuine X"8 J
• Liebig Com- f/_J_^ m >•
prny'e Extract S)Cjr'^^Jt t^thC^%
with blue Big- /T*
I * nature of • m^ 6
• ¦•¦ • - ' . i . ¦
>ck2?XQk wk ten fy if tf l^VCv
It is an ideal toilet requisite and won-
derful skin curative." Best for the com-
plexion. Best for the bath. Best for the
baby. Best for the hair. Large cakes
15c. Trial size sc.'All drug-gists'. Mun-
yon's Remedies are positive cures. Ad-
vice and Guide to Health free by mail."
Broadway and 26th St., New York.
DISORDERS tf~*\
—OF— War j- j»j y—
JYI E N Mr
ft V FAR THE GREAT- 'fy\^^j\^
*-» er number of patients ikr AXIII ' ll ¦¦^SL'
teeklng relief for so-called \\ Wvi/I //
weakness are strong, \\ I\A yj '//
robust men •In every other : ¦ •
respect Loss -of Vitality, Prematureness, etc..
are not weaknesses., but the symptom's of In-
flammatory processes in the Pro«tate CUand
'so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated ' and < too long
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed . toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
suits, as indicated by Increased circulation and
renewed strength. '•. are observed. Our colored
chart of the organa, which we : send free .on
application, is Interesting to any one wishing
to study the anatomy of the male. . • . .
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 'Market St.
:0\ I 181 4% Rifles, t Ammunition, . Flsh-
I lll"'^ Tackle, Sporting, Ouc-
¦l I 111 X. Ins Goods. Largest Stock.
1l |ll a l Lowest Prices. Send for
WwllW Catalogue and Job Sheet.
W" " ~ BHBf * BARBER 00.
t ' 739 Market. 511 Kearnr
. --._ _. • ¦ :.: ._ :i - ¦ ---- ¦ - . ADVERTISEMENTS. ;,-^^-..-,. ~
I.^^ ' '¦¦¦ ' • ¦ J
,r>*\ Tat 1 J &SS&
WjJE Black and Wg
HI /tIIk c Mi xe d If
I ¦ I iLXj\ Oxford Yoke JIJ I
I Ml 1 A Overcoats. . ¦ I •
I / 111 >~J Black and white mixed Ox- }
I W 111 \\\ W ford is the swell winter color
I £&$(/ I I 7tl ln^. and made in the yoke
1 Utef? I I ™ makes it the swellest Over-
I isiii^ 1 coat for your little chap that \,
I 053$ ti/ Its possible to imagin-?.
I |vs3tt li Broad-shouldered, long, smart- '
I ¦£*¦« ll setting winter garment.
I Iv^si It A fi yoke coat in that color
» I fif^ I * or ena P 8 between the age*
•¦Ift ; » ' ' 11 x of 7 and to years. Just as you i
! fi? « II * see it pictured opposite. Pri-
I » « fl day and Saturday at j
1181 l ti Qfi
With Bands
| of Steel /^pfel" f
-l| Are Onr School' Suits JpHw
Built for Boys. (m % lfl|f§l|l
Strength uppermost, fabric \%W&¥&i'^iS&S^TX
uppermost, prettiness upper- &ii>l2ii W>Z*ft*&/) >^ir
! most; these are the three c?- mitM&.lKt'ii.i
sential features that enter into /^?m J ilisiiif§Bl&B : .
our building school suits for V//s|sp/Jlf if*fsjgßJ
Want that kind of a suit to- | L?^S^uT^
day? In the swellest of I " S»v''.' 1
Scotches, winter colorings, and 1 \li£SW Viliii '
in the dressiest of cheviot in I n^JB Vi'lwiJ
blue; suits that triple the 1 inuEff \iiH
money won't touch 'em in 1 hhW l\lß
other stores; ages 7 to 15 years. % WBi t*^
On Friday and Saturday only \ /^^ h^a
and not after these two days, « »%[M JS »a j j
d*< no v •"•} ¦•
P )1.90. J I J
POLITICAL.
. . FOIR.- . . .
MAYOR,
JOSEPH S. TOBIN,
t
Democratic Nominee.
FOR MAYOR, ;?
ASA R. WELLS.
¦ i " - . ¦
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE,
jl
m . FOR ...
AUDITOR
HARRY BAEHR,
Regular Republican Nominee.
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAM
FOR—
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
; FOR TAX COLLECTOR,
Joseph Fassler
Democratic Nominee,
VOTE FOR
P.BOLAND, '
Democratic Nominee for
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
(Incumbent.) .
For...
CITY ATTORNEY,
Judge J.E. Barry
Regular Republican Nominee,
For Tax Collector,
Edw'd J. Smith
Republican Nominee.
Fop SHERIFF,
John Lackmann,
Regular Republican Nominee.
For RECORDER,
Chas. E. Corey
Republican Nominee.
POLITICAL.
German-American
Republican Rally
alhambraTheater
ALHAMBRA THEATER
THIS
Friday Evening.
HON. ASA R. WELLS
DR. E. MARKBREITER
ALFRED FUHRMANN
FRANK McGOWAN
LUCIUS L. SOLOMONS
And others will address the meeting.
GOOD SINGING AND MUSIC.
" R. WIBNBKE,
President German-American Re-
publican Club.
C RL W. MULLBR, Sec.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•i Steamer* le»v» Broadway
I^l Wharf. San Francisco:
flhtafr - For Alaskan port*— ll a. m..
BStJgfK. Xov 2. 7. 12. 17, 23. 27. Dec. 2.
|iF ! Wg£g*l Change to company's steamer* •
liSr^Jmi a Vor Victoria, Vancouver (B.
*>*BraSßl,l C.) port Townsend, Seattle.
JT Tacoraa, Everett and New
What com (Wash.)— ll a. m..
•ww- * 7 -i* 17 22. 27 Dec. 2. Change at
P F o7Eu a rUa a X U ln bo.d O t £JJ-?3b p. m.. Nov.
fcara Port Los Angeles and Bedondo (Los An-
«lS)-Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 3 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
8 fS?£os AB«ele-, calling at Santa Cruz Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Hartord cSa l
Lufs . Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara Ven-
tura Hueneme. East San Pedro. San PM"
and Newport-Steamer Corona, Saturdays.
' For^Ensenada. Magclalena Bay San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altati. La Paz Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.>-10 a. m.. -th each month.
For farther information obtain the company
f °T d nTcompany reserves the right to ehmi
steamers, sailing days and hours of •ailing,
without previous notice.
• TICKET OFFICE —1 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Un« to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to m'\
points East. Through tickets to ail
points, all rail op steamship and pail, at
LOWEST HATES.
STEAXSB TICSST3 INCLUDE BSHTHud MIAL3.
S. COLUMBIA Sails Nov. 4, 14. 24, Dec. 4
S GBO W. ELDER
Sails Oct. 30. Nov. 9. 19. 23
Steamer sails from foot of SDear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt..l Montgm'y, & F.
TOYO KISIN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board os
day of sallinsr.
S HONGKONG MARU
" Saturday. November 18. 1901
S NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December U. 199!
S AMERICA MARU .:
". Saturday. January 4, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. -«.>
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
Off tori. MirrsiJErro*. lokdow. Pmxm
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Friesland Nov. 6 I Haverford Nov. 2?
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13 Philadelphia ....Dee. 4
St. Paul ...Nov. 20 St. Paul Dec 11
RED STAR LINE;
v Now York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Friesland Nov. ¦ «[ Haverford Nov. Zt
Southwark Nov. 13|»Zeeland Dec 4
•Vaderland Nov. 204 Friesland Dec 11
•Stepping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA D D steamshi?
rANAMA n. Hi line
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $106; Steerage, $40: Meals Pre*
6. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Dec. 7
8. 8. Leelanaw sails
S. 6. Ar&yll • sails
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10.) at 1 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
oceanic b.j.to, ssa
8. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Nov. 2. I p. m.
S. S. VENTURA, far Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday. Nov 14. 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Nov. », 10 *, m.
J.l.SM£tt£U & BIOS. CO., Bkibru Intl. 327 larfat St
Im'\ Passangar Ma, 143 Hariut St. hr I*. 7. PasSe tt
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How- ,
ard S. Pier 10. 12 m.
PERU Nov. 91 COLOMBIA ....Dec T
PALENA Nov. 23ITUCAPEL Deo. a
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. BUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
COWA9NII UXKALI TSaHSATLAOTIQUJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ..—^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, i wrtMWfc
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. 170 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Paciflo Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
—^— — — — i — — <
BAY AND BIVEB STBAJCEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJ3
Steamers GEN. FRIS.BIE or MONTICBLL3
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. -m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. S p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. " a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* SO
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and
•ffice. pier 2. Mission-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. .
-« Kg jB (a a Bofl-Boiaonom
i i^ffinPff^WM- J remedy for GonorrhoeA.
\tCßSrt'nQZ*^J& £;??*• 3parmatorrh<e&,
£fiSr ClmtS White«. unnatural li«-
M3SW la 1 to i *«y«. V charge*, or any inOam oi-
¦ «CW riinnnmii i* — tion. irritation or nlcera-
W* m rnrcnt aoamioa. tjon of mucous mem*
EftrHEEMMCHEiiicaCOi
Va? OSO Sl 0 -ro-^S in plain wrappw.
J^. O>ll< Jir^ express. , prepaid, for
BH _^fP^ »I.CO. or Tbottlaa, 1X73.
& Circular seat on re«iMt.SWELL LUNCHEON, TEA AND CHARITY AFFAIRS
MAKE UP THE DAY'S BRILLIANT SOCIAL RECORD
VIOLET AND
ROSE LUNCH
Pretty Maids at
Eekart Tea.
MRS. JAMES KEEXET was hostess
at a most delightful luncheon
given yesterday at her home. 2220
Clay street. I never saw a
prettier table than the round one
to which the dozen ladies eat down to dis
cuss a most delicious menu. In the center
of -:he table in an exquisite crystal vase
pin"£ roses were placed. Ranged round
the roses were four low silver bowls Oiled
to overflowing with deep purple violets.
Pink candles with silver shades and placed
in silver candelabra shed a soft, rosy light
over the table.
Keeney's g-aests were Mrs. J. R. K.
Nutt; Mrs. Norman McLaren, Mrs. Ed
ward Eyre. Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, Mrs.
Frank Griffin, Mrs. William Kinkley Tay
lor, Mrs. Robert Oxr.ard, Mrs. "Walter Me-
Gavin, Mrs. Carey Friedlander, Mrs. Br
land Wallace and Miss Laura ilcKinstry.
• • •
It is not every fair young maid who can
decorate her home most artistically dur
ing- the morning hours and in the after
noon present an entrancing picture of
girlish loveliness and entertain her friends
in most gracious fashion. That is exactly
what Miss Eleanor Eckart did yesterday,
and her teit was one of the great suc
cesses of the early season. It was a young
pirls' tea. and ring the hours between
4 and 6 more than 100 invited guests were
entertained.
The home decorations were all planned
as weii as executed by Miss Eleanor.
Autumn leaves, madrone terries and deep
rec rotes were used, and everywhere the
skillful touch of the decorator made itself
felt.
Miss Eckart received her friends, assist
ed by Miss Clara Underbill, the Misses
Edna and Mabel Donaldson, Miss Clara
Tickner. Miss Helen Davis. Miss Ruby
Sessions and Miss Laura Wenzelberger.
Miss Eckart wore a dainty grown of white
organdie that was made exquisitely sim
ple and Bet off her girlish beauty to much
advantage.
Waiters' Anniversary Ball.
'["he Pacific Coast "Waiters' Association
held its fifth anniversary ball last night
in Odd Fellows' HalL The hall was beau
tifully decorated for the occasion. The
following are the officers of the associa
tion and the committees who had charge
of the arrangements:
9 r red Errett. president; "W. F. Coll!r«, vice
pr<sii<seDt ; J. E. Fytton. recording secretary: 3.
E Mairh, financial secretary; Charles Stlckel,
trtt&cyrer; board of directors— J. Kennedy, C.
L*ichering, W. Turner, C. F. Peterson, B. Ran
6eU F. Cbeßter, J. Cottrell; floor manager—
Tre& Errett; assistant floor managers— Paul
Bcbultz and J. 6tanley Fytton; floor committee
— Fred Olyett. William Near. J. M. Smith. J.
M:L&'uehlin. A. E. Domardel. L. Haas, H. G.
Brown; reception oommlttee — Herman J. Kle
er (chairman) E. Rusk, J. Mciurne, R. Mann,
Jc*«Th E. McFadden, D. Foster, G. Williams,
E. Frtwiin, R. Fried. T. Seaman, W. BLakesley,
J. Paulson, Tony Koeta, W. L. Johnson, Ed
Hojn*. R. Eagrle, E. Epahr, D. O. L«ary. W.
R. L«onr, O. E«we, G. Karner. Charles Rostein,
I J :iul Petit. J. W. McAdam, A. Buerk.
Clerk Ivanxrwgrin Must Walt.
Simeon Ivanowgrfn, alia* Valetln Sa
rLaska., appeared yesterday before United
BLates Commissioner Heacock on extra
d tlon proceedings. The prisoner was ar
rested it Pasadena on a charge of having
e:r.bezzled 25,000 rubles from the firm of
F'efauo & Andrew Yezrorivitch in Ros
tov, Ruesla, on March 6 of this year.
J-orace G. Platt appeared for the Rus
-an Government and Alexander Vogel
sang for the defense. On motion of Mr.
Vogelsang the case was continued until
Tuesday morning at 9 o'clock.
Special Music in Churches.
In all of the Catholic churches special
music will be given Friday and Saturday
mornings, when the "Feasts of All
Halnts" and "All Souls' Day" will be
rated. The excellent choir of S*
y.ic'b Church, double quartet, will
Fifth Mass" and Cherubl
e 'Grand Requiem." assisted by n
js. The soloists are Miss L. Roeder.
E. V. McCloskey. Mr. Webb and F.
:ow. Jamee Howe, organist.
In the Scranton (Pa.) mining district
- war there were 207 accidents, of
vrlxich fifty-five resulted In death.
WOMAN'S HOSPITAL MADE
RICHER BY GIFT SALE
Auction Brings Affair to a Most
Successful Termination.
THE charU.y gift sale for the benefit
of the free ward of the Woman s
Hospital is over. An auction sale
conducted by Alfred Bouvier and
Horace Platt brought the affair to
a most successful termination last even
"lil day long the Maple Hall at the
Palace, where the sale was being held,
was crowded with a most generously in
clined audience, and money changed
hands rapidly. The ladies in charge of
the various tables looked happy and
pleasant and tlieir purees took on a most
encouraging roundness.
Mrs. Ira Pierce, Mrs. A. Forbes and
Mrs. M. H. d<s Young came in early in
the day and stayed until late. They vis
ited in turn each table and mad* many
large purchased. ,
Harry Holbrook wandered into the sale
during the afternoon hours. He paid hia
25 cerus at the door, took a few steps into
the room, gazed about in a frigntened
way and then hurriedly dashed, out in
6p:te of the smiling welcome that awaite-1
him. on all sides.
The pretty girl who told me about Hol
brookes hurried exit said:
"Wasn't it too bad, to leave so quickly,
especially after paying 25 cents to get in.
I can't understand it. I half suspect he
rot into the wrong place. I wish somo
one would ask him about it. '
The ladies who had the eal« in chargo
are jubilant over the success of the af
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
fair. They are delighted at the generosity
of the public and especially happy over
the unbounded kindness % of the newest
lady manager. Mrs. Francis Carolan. Mrs.
Carolan became Interested in the noble
work of the hospital after her recent se
vere illness during which she wa3 a pa
tient there.
Hensley Held to Answer.
William Hensley, the bartender charged
with abducting Sadie Cook and Bessie
Vincent with the object of placing them
in a house of ill-fame in Vancouver, B. C,
was held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Cabaniss yesterday. "His
bonds were iixed in $1000, or $500 cash.
The girl Sadie Cook, who was ordered
into custody Wednesday, as she had
threatened to leave the city, was dis
charged yesterday on her promise that
she would not go away.
. ? ¦
Divorce Proceedings.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Lucy Byrne against John H. Byrne for
desertion, Ida E. Johnston against Charles
B. Johnston for cruelty, Julia Muller
against Frank Muller for failure to pro
vide and Ida Schwartz against Carl
Schwartz for desertion. -Decrees of di
vorce were granted to Ella Prodger from
Charles Prodger for extreme cruelty and
to Howard L» Brown from Callie Brown
for infidelity.
WELL KNOWN SOCIETY LEADERS WHO LABOR IN CHARITY'S CAUSE AND TO WHOSE UNTIRING-EFFORTS
IS DUB THE GREAT SUCCESS OF THE SPLENDID VAUDEVILLE BENEFIT GIVEN IN AID OF THE TRAIN
ING SCHOOL FOR NURSES AT THE ALHAMBRA THEATER YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
COLUMBIAN MINSTRELS ENTERTAIN
AT ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL BAZAAR
Visitors Enjoy Themselves at the Pavilion— Reception at
Refreshment Booth To-Morrow.
AT St. Mary's Cathedral bazaar
last evening a good sized crowd
was In attendance and an inter
esting programme was offered
* at the Immaculate Conception
booth. The Columbia minstrels made their
appearance to enliven .affairs, under the
direction of J. K. Cosgrave. There were
songs by ' "W. "W. Brackett, Joseph L..
Fisher, Leslie Kerns and others.
Saturday afternoon, from 3 to 6 o'clock,
the ladles conducting the refreshment
booth will give a grand reception. It will
be a great social affair and all ladies and
smaijL boy outates
ctjdahy kidnapers
Remarkable Act of a Montana Young
s ster Who Demanded a Large
; • Hansom.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 31.— A special to
the Independent from Great Falls say&
that ¦' late this afternoon G. "W. Ryan,
a< prominent grocer . of , that ' city,
received a note directing him to leav6
$1500 at a. certain point . as a ransom- for
his 6-year-old son. .. Unless the demand
was complied with Jby 9:30 o'clock ! the
threat was made that fine pieces of glass
would be rammed into - the child's ¦. eyes
and his hands cut off. The police v were
notified and a search made , for the ' boy
and the kidnaper. • v/-. - ; • ¦:
About 6 ' o'clock the missing child
walked • into his - father's ; store, gagged
and crying, but' otherwise unharmed. He
said he • had been kidnaped shortly after
school by a boy named Southwick, who
had first taken him to his home, and after
ward to a spot he could not locate. The
Southwick boy was soon -found and ar
rested. He is about 12 years old, and at
first declared that ,he had been told • to
steal the Ryan boy and write and deliver
• the note by two men. • Afterward ¦he con
fessed that he did the deed of his. own 7
volition, and that he had no accomplices.
He expressed no repentance and said;
"I would have hit the old man for $8000
if I thought ha ' would have stood for it_"
He refused to tell where ;| he had' the
especially the gentlemen are Invited to
attend. In fact the ladies request them to
attend. The tariff will only be 25 cents a
head. The patronesses are to be Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, Mrs. M. H. de Young,
Mrs. J. B. Casserly, Mrs. Luke Robinson,
Mrs. A. H. Loughborough, Mrs. James
O'Brien and Mrs. M. A. Connelly.
The affair will be characterized "within
the wood bower." Tea will be served by
twenty-five pretty young ladies. The
booth is under the direction of Mrs. W. H.
Powers, Mrs. Tillraan and Mrs. Connelly.
Sharpshooters Attend the Fair.
The jubilee in aid of the San Francisco
child secreted, or how the boy got away.
Ryan was too scared and nervous to tell
a connected story of, his escape.
CUDAHY KTDNAPTN'Gr
to;ld of in court
Omaha Boy a Witness at the Trial
of Callahan for Per
jury.
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. BL— A dozen wit
nesses were examined in the Callahan
perjury trial to-day. Most of the testi
mony went to show that Callahan had
perjured himself by swearing to his
whereabouts during the time prior to and
immediately after the Cudahy kidnaping.
Several witnesses identified Calfchan as
one of the men who was connected with
the dealings for the famous bay pony
which was used to deliver the letter to
Cudahy demanding the ransom. Cudahy' 3
attorney also testified to the ransom pay
ment, and the young man who was kid
naped repeated his testimony and related
the imprisonment and other features or
the kidnaping.
Dies From His Injuries.
Frank Huber, 13 years old, employed as
an Iron riveter at the Union Iron Works,
fell into the hold of the steamer Alaska
at the shipyard yesterday and received
Injuries from which he died la3t night at
the City and -W HosDital.
PRETTY GIRLS ARE USHERS
AT THE NURSES' BENEFIT
Excellent Vaudeville Programme At
tracts Large Audience.
PRETTY girls In modish gowns and
rweet-faced nurses in caps and
aprons saw that the large and fash
ionable audience at the benefit for
the Ban Francisco Training School
for Nurses at the Alhambra Theater yes
terday afternoon was comfortably seated.
The programme offered was a splendid
one and made up for the most part of the
best the professional stage at this mo
ment affords. The audience was as large
as it was fashionable. Each player re
ceived a hearty welcome and there waa
much encouraging applause after each
"turn."
Mayor Phelan and Joseph S. Tobln gen
erously aided the benefit. The Mayor paid
$20 for four seats and Mr. Tobin sent $60
for a box.
The following ladies, who were the
patronesses of the affair, occupied the
upper boxes, which were gayly decorated
with the "red cross" colors:
Mrs. Wlllard B. Harrlnston, Mrs. John 7.
Merrill, Mrs. M-H.de Young, Mrs. Lowell
"White, Mrs. Georte E. Bates, Mrs. Henry
Payot, Mrs. W. D. McCarthy, Mrs. Isidor
LowenberK, Mrs. F. G. Sanborn, Mrs. Arthur
Cornwall, Mrs! Redmond Payne, Mrs. James
F Smith Mrs. Selden S. Wright, Mrs. Rodney
Kendrick. Mrs. aL P. O'Brien. Mrs. Sylvain
Welll Mrs. Thomas Cole, Mrs. Martin Regens
burge'r, Mrs. A. B. Costigan, Mrs. A. G.
Booth Mrs. J. Wilson Shells, Mrs. James C.
Crawford. Mrs. J. H. J.wett, Mrs. R. H. War
field. Mrs. J. R. Hanlfy. Mrs. J. J. Scovllle,
Mrs. Edward Xavler Rolker. Mrs E. P. Schell,
Verein was largely attended last night.
In fact, the Turner Hall on Turk street
was crowded to the utmost by the friends
and well-wishers of the society. The
Oakland Turn Verein Society and delega
tions from various snapshooting organ
izations about the city were in attendance.
They were banqueted and then hustled eft
one by one to the realistic looking jail or
"Rathhaus," which is of course quite a
source of revenue. The booths are so
unique and the whole spectacle is so en
joyable that it is bound to be largely pat
ronized during the few days It yet has to
run.
COiLONEL GOODAI/E TO
BEMATNT DT CATJTORXIA
Nine Companies of Coast Artillery
Ordered Home for Duty in This
Department.
Colonel Greenleaf A. Goodale has re
ceived orders from the "War Department
to assume command of the discharge and
detention camps at Angel Island Instead
of proceeding directly to the Philippines,
as originally directed. His stay here will
probably not, however, be of long dura
tion unless it is decided to order home the
Seventeenth Infantry, of which he is
commanding officer.
Captain George P. Ahem, who has been
on duty in this department for some time
past, has been appointed chief of the Phil
ippine Forestry Bureau and will leave on
the Kilpatrick to assume charge of his
new office. •
The Sixtieth, Sixty-first, Sixty-second,
Sixty-third, Sixty-fourth, Sixty-fifth, Six
ty-eighth, Seventieth and Seventy-first
companies of coast artillery, which were
organized in the Philippines, have been
ordered home and will be stationed at the
different posts in the Department of Cal
ifornia-
Captain W. B. Smedberg, aid to General
Young, was married at Maiden, Mass..
Wednesday night to Miss Louise G. Chaf
fln and will arrive in this city about the
middle of the month to resume his duties
at headauarters.
Mrs. V. P. Buckley, Mrs. W. P. Buckingham,
Mrs. C Mason Kinne. Mrs. Gerald J. FltJ
gibbon. Mrs. Squire Jarlck Mooney.
Miss Laura Clark. Miss Kathleen Booth
and Miss Jeanie Brown acted as •ushers.
They were assisted by Miss Ollie Ftndley.
Miss Millie Dangle and Miss Nancy "Wal
lace, Miss Edith, Magllleray, Miss Elsie
Courrler, Miss Elizabeth Madison, M 133
Violette Blasingame, Miss Frederlcka
Elsel, Miss Margaret Murphy, Miss Emma
Maher, Miss Mary Walsh and Miss Alda
Rycen. nurses.
The programme In full for the afternoon
was as follows:
Orerture, Rosner*B orchestra rocal selection*,
the Paloma Quartet— Hisses Lily Laws, MlUla
Murray, Eugenia Breitengross and Ethel Car
roll; Shakespearean recitation. J. Wilson Shiels:
Charles Harris and Nellie Walters (courtesy of
the Orpheum); Mme. Camilla d' Arvllle-Crellln.
accompanied by Miss Genevieve Moroney; vio
lin solo, Miss Stella Eaton; . Eleanor Jenkins,
operatic soprano, scene from "Glrofle-Glrofla.'.*
(courtesy of Fischer's Concert-house) : overture.
Rosner*s orchestra; Arnold Grazer and Blanche
Trelease. America's greatest Juvenile dancers
(courtesy of the Orpheum): selection, Slynor
Allexsandro Nlcollnl (courtesy of Tivoll Opera
house): "cello solo, Paul Friedhoffer. accompa
nied by Fred Maurer; Alyce Gates, soprano, ac
companied by Roscoe "Warren Lucy: Hazel Sex
ton, the youngest dramatic artist on the coast,
in songs and recitations; Kelly and Marlowe,
comedians; Alcazar Stock Company (ccurtesy
of Belasco & Thall). second act of "Tennessee's
Pardner." produced under th« direction of
Charles Bryant.
SAW GrW WAH FAILS TO
SUPPORT HIS FAJffTLY
Chinese Wife Applies to Charitable
Society for Assistance in Im
proving Hi 3 Conduct.
Sam Gin Wah. a Chinaman who has for
many years been conducting a lucrative
laundry business on Jessie street, near
Sixth, has proved himself unable 1 :o bear
prosperity and is now in danger of prose
cution by Secretary White of th© Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
for abusing hia wife and family.
Mrs. Gin Wah states that her husband
will not furnish sufficient money for food
and clothing, but is constantly away from
home on a drinking spree, which has al
ready lasted several years and whicti
seems likely to continue unless forcible
measures are taken to put a stop to it.
Sam's five little children have to atay In
the house because hey have no clothes
which are suitable for street wear, and
their education is consequently sadly neg
lected.
Their mother says that sha does not
care if Sam drinks himself to death, for
very likely the god 3 have ordained that
such shall be his end, but she asks that
he be compelled to support the family.
She thinks that her husband will listen
favorably and respectfully to the advice
of a Police Judge.
Woman's Suspicious Death.
David A. Cutting is being detained In
the "tanks" at the City Prison pending
an investigation Into the death o:f Helen
Chamberlin, a woman with whom he had
lived for some weeks at 2o Turk street.
She was found dead in bed Wednesday
night and Cutting allegfd that she died
from a criminal operation performed upon
herself. Detective Dinan is working on
the case.
Memorial S«rvices at Cypress Lawn.
A memorial service will be conducted
at the chapel in Cypress Lawn Csmetery
this morning by the clergy of St. Luke's
Church. The holy communion will be cei
ebrated and the Bishop of California will
preach. The service will commence upon
the arrival of the train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 10:30 a. m. All who
have sacred associations with Cypresj
Lawn are Invited to be present.
ADVERTTSEMTENTTS.
Js^ Babies' pink
jOJI cheeks indicate
Wi good health.
1^ Good health
comes with proper
food. Mellin's Food
is a proper food. A
Send a postal for W
a free sample. ay*
MELUN'S POOD COMPANY, Jjjjj
'¦S:' : fr- i: BOSTON, MAS*. .- ¦ ffrXk
Oppression. Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc. , cured bj
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Parts, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUQERA & CO.
,  - SOLD BY ALL DaUGCIST3
DITCUPC FOB BARBERS. BAK-
XjriLlOlj.ilO er9 > bootblacks, bath-
"*** w "*** houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, eannars.
dyers flourmills. . foundries. . laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, /painter*, shoe factories
stablemen, tar-roofers, tannen, tailor*, eta.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacrament* 8* ,
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange steady.
' Shipment of $510,502 to China.
Wheat easier. Barley firm.
Oats firm, Corn weak and Rye neglected. . .
Feedstuff s weak. Hay steady and unchanged.
Beans continue firm under filling of shipping contracts.
Potatoes and Onions steady at previous prices.
Poultry in sufficient supply. Game in good condition.
Butter. Eggs and Cheese about as before quoted.
Grapes m moderate supply and good demand.
Previsions weak, both here end in the West.
Hop buyers continue to hold off.
Wool quiet. Hides firm and Tallow weak.
Plenty of Hogs coming in.
Local stocks and bonds firm, but not active. . . vi ¦ i
Better demand for Prunes at New York. Other Fruits dull. ''
Fresh Bananas and Pineapples in from the islands. . ... . "
Bank Clearings ahead of last year. • . ; ¦¦ •
Custom Receipts.
The receipts of duties en imports at the
Custom-house during the month of October
were $695.2. 2 making the total receipts since
Trr.uarv 1 J5.571.247.
. Bank Clearings.
The local bank clearings during the month
of October were $115.255,132, against $104,708,309
during October IMC Since January 1 these
Hearings amount to J^62,535,501, against $^4S.-
MS.2IS during th» same period in 1900. Th
clearances show that business has been better
•luring the paft month than in October, MX
There is a gain of $13,519,823.
Mint Coinage.
The coinage at the local branch mint during
Ihe month of October was a? follows: Eagles,
JS-iS&.OOO; half-eagles, $2,170.0™: half-dollars.
!rT3.f.22: making a total of $6.02". against
?e. 12C, 000 in October, 15*00. The coinage for th?
irst four months of the fiscal year commenc
ing July 1. was $21. GU1. 831. against $i?, 530,527
curing the same period last year.
Produce Exchange Sales.
Produce Exchange call eales during the first
four months of the crop year were 224. tons
¦wheat and 17,200 tons barley. The sales in
October were B.SOI tons wheat and Mi tons
tarley.
Foreign Imports.
Foreign import"! at this port during the first
Fine months of the year amounted to $K,3!6,5r"0,
crainst $32,£3.SC'C' for the same time last, year,
the leading amounts being as follows: From
Japan $$,257.50: China. $4,655.620; Central
America. J4.5K.C00; East Indies, $2,461,670;
r-ritifh Columbia, $l.«T7.«08; Great Britain. $1.
47*.400; Germany. $?s;,3M; France. $865, 4 M; Aus
t-alia 8317,785; "Mexico, $534,400; South America.
jrn.oso.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mall advices from New York say: "The mar
l-et for raisins continues unsettled and weak.
ICew s<»y»<j<»d are offered by outside packers at
f.j^r coast, tot fancy and on? outsider, it is
understood, wired an offer yesterday cf fancy
as low as Cc, which is 3 ,ic under the associa
tion quotation. On trie rpot. old fancy seeded
It cartons are offered at TVjC. and new local
seeded from T\ktt'O . with some trade in a
{mill way. New loose Muscatels are quoted
e«neral'.y at 6c, with an easy tendency, Im
ported Sultanas are reported higher in Smyrna.
JCew Malagas are in fair demand.
"Piones are in good shape in the local mar
ket, and are going out about as rapidly as they
erne to hand. Sizes 4)-50s, 50-60s and 60-703
are in good demand, sales of 40-50s new Santa
Claras being reported all the way from 6%!g7c.
CM prunes are in some request, sale of a car
cf large sizes being- reported. Apricots, peachee
ma pears are quiet. Figs are firm for round
fruit of keeping quality Prices at yesterday's
tale at auction were good for layers of this
character, but pome dark, inferior goods sold
ft sVs(rs%c. There is some Inquiry for best
grades, and many look for a better market
foor.. The present mild weather is against
actual consumption and therefore the de
mand is light as yet. New dates are un
ohsnged. the distribution of the Tabaristan's
«tj-ro going eh.-ad rapidly. Currants are about
needy. Slightly higher prices are reported for
lief ! by rVirment from Greece.
"Evaporated apple? are unsettled, both for
Ijx-it goods ar.d for future delivery. There is
1. fair demand locally from the jobbing trade
lor fancy grade. S'jn-rr'i*s quarters are canter,
f,ale of a good lot being made at 4c Prime
J?tate apples for future delivery are quoted
from 9#9»ic, and 'are very uncertain. Rasp
l>errie£ are firmer, blackberries very strong and
«-herries fiat. Nuts are quite active. New Tar
i-agonas, just arrived, are selling well at l(H4c."
Weather Report.
. O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
* SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 31—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
(late, 85 compared vtQi these of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty
hours:
I^Ft This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
V.ur»*ii O.OC 6.74 7.33
:*el Bluff O.fiO 3.!*> 3.51
tsa<-remento 0.00 1.60 1.80
Han Francisco 0.00 1.62- 1.94
Frerao 0.00 1.13 0.4$
I nc!cp<;n<lence 0.00 1.07 0.81
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 2.86 1.03
:joe Angeles 0.00 2.00 fi.2S
Han Diego 0.00 0.54 0..V.
San Franci3co datn : Maximum temperature.
<!7: minimum. 54; mean. 60.
The following maximum and minimum tem
]>eratures were reported from Eastern stations.
Boston 64-43 Omaha 72-48
Cincinnati 7S-f2T.>uluth' 72-«Z
ai .-h:r«ton 64-S3 Salt Lake City r.2-40
.Tcckaouville fiS-f.4 Chicago 76-60
New York 6(M St. L'.uis 7!>-58
ICansas City 76-5b Philadelphia 68-48
THK TOAST RECORD.
~ 2 S 3 » t
L I .2. 2 1 232 3 US. IT fa
KCAXIO2C6. 3:3:3 a. 3 • 35
• :• : : : : :3'
AstTia 23. 5« M 5! S Rain T.
Baker....: 30.10 £6 26 SK Clear .00
Carson 30.12 62 £:! NE Clear .OT
JXirfka 30.12 '.& 4$ NW Pt Cldy .CO
Fresno 29.98 72 <S SW Clear .00
Flasrsuiff 80.0? £8 ss ne rt C'.dy .00
PoceteUo. 1dah0.. .30. 16 19, 42 W Clear .Oil
Indepenfience 28.98 72 +4 N Clear .00
I»c Angeles 28.96 78 50 W <" - !ear ,«C
Phoenix 23.94 74 48 \V Clear .00
Portland 29.94 51 62 6 Cloudy T.
Bed Bluff :...... 39.09 70 a S Clear .00
Roseburs 30.04 56 4S SW Cloudy .00
<sacr«mento 30.00 72 52 NE Clear ' .00
Bait Lake ' 30.M .'€ 40 KW Clear .08
gan Francisco 20.02 €6 M W Clear .00
Fan UiisObispo... 3o.oo 7S 44 W Oar .00
6an Dleso 29.54 68 H NV\" Clear .00
Seattle 29.84 60 52 SE Cloudy T.
Cpokane 25.94 56 44 8 Cloudy .00
Nwii Br.y 29.80 56 44 S Rain .96
Walla Walla 29.90 64 48 NW Clear .00
Tir.n'-rr.uoca 30.10 60 28 NE Clear .00
Yum* ..29.90 78 48 E Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 54 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ¦ has fallen rapidly , from the
mouth of the Columbia . River northward and
a disturbance of some energy Is apparently ad
vancing from the North Pacific to Washington
end Oregon. The storm may extend south
ward. ¦
Th.- temperature has remained nearly Sta
tionary throughout California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight November 1:
Northern California— Fair Friday, except
ishotrerß jr. northwestern portion; light south
erly wind* .'
' Southern California — Friday; light north
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday; light northly winds.
ha Francisco and — Partly cloudy
Friday, threatening: at night; l:sht northerly
changing to southerly vinds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
t
New York Stock Market. ¦]-
NEW YORK, Oct. Except for special
averages ln«a few individual stocks, to-day's
market ran down near stagnation many times.
There was no pressure to sell, but prices
gravitated to a lower level owing to the par
alysis of demand. The central cause of this
stite or affairs was the advance in the dis
count rite of the Bank of England to 4 per
cent, compared with the 3 per cent rate which
has maintained since June 13 last. This gives
unmistakable notice that further demands are
pending upon the bank's stock of gold, which
the rise in the discount rate is Intended to
protect by diverting the damage upon New
York. No doubt seems to be entertained that
this object will be achieved. In fact, arrange
ments were perfected to-day for shipments of
gold to Paris next week. The weekly state
ments of the Bank of England and the Bank
of France shows the need for the former to
chock the I- rench demand upon their reserves
and as clearly the necessity of the latter for
recuperation. The French bank has gained in
told duriner the week what the English bank
has lost. In Paris the requirement is supple
mented by a pending Stock Exchange settle
ment, so that the bills discounted have been
increased nearly {45,000,000 and the note circu
lation has been expanded over {45.000.000 dur
ing the week. These conditions serve to ex
plain the large recall of Paris credits which
has beer, going on for sjme time past, although
it has been suggested also that foreign lenders
of money are thus expressing dissatisfaction
with some of the syndicate purposes to which
the borrowed lunds have been put. The gold
export* figured in the Sub-Treasury statement
to-day, bringing ui> the day's , gain by
that institution from the open market
to S3.lCS.ofco and the gain since Friday
last to J3.053.C00. Chicago exchange on New
York also weakened to-day and $140,000 was
deposited at the Sub-Treasury for* trans
fer to New Orleans. On the other hand the
eub-TreaFury paid out over half a million
dollars en account of gold deposits at San
Francisco and Seattle and made a payment of
13. 127 for redeemed bonds, thus clearing up
the last of the acceptances under the late offer
of the Secretary of the Treasury. Renewed
doubt as to the extent to which the foreign
demand for gold may go chilled all speculative
enthusiasm. Hones r.re pro Jessed that to-mor
row's dividend and interest disbursements will
soon came back to relieve the money market,
but this did not seem to revive any feeling of
cheerfulness In the stock market. Neither did
the announcement of the determination of the
treasury to i'l 11 111 bond purchases, altnougn
the inclusion in the offer of long fours is
likely to attract considerable tenders, Judging
by the experience of the -past summer. Among
the stocks advanced to-day without any special
reason assigned were Delaware. Lackawanna
and Hudson, a number of. the Vanderbilts and
Chesapeake and Ohio, the last on Philadelphia
orders attributed to Pennsylvania account.
Amalgamated Copper was depressed upon .the
inclusion of new plaintiffs in Montana suits
agairst the company. The stock closed above
the lowest. The Northern Pacific settlement
fell Into the background with th? heaviness
and neglect of the Pacific?, which continued to
the close and made the market easy. There
was considerable selling In United States
Steel, and Glucose and Smelting were weak.
' There were some strong spots in the bond
market, but the price movement was irregu
lar. Total sale.-,, $1.165, 000. United States
bonds were all unchanged on the last call.
NEW YORK. STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Open High Low Close
Atchison 5.900 7!Hi 77% 77%
Atchison pfd 1.100 56% 96-* i»6%
Baltimore & 0hi0....... 2,9*) 105% 105% 105%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd. 100 Via »3% SbU
Canadian. Pacific 109 : rl
Canada Southern ........ 500 84% 81% 84 ,4
Chesapeake & 0hi0.... 20,500 47*4 45% 46%
Chicago & Alton 200 36 35% 35%
Chicago & Alton pfd.. 300 76 7 76% 76%
Chicago Ind & Louis.... 200 41 41 40%
Chicago Ind & L pfd.. 100 72% 72% 71%
Chicago & Eastern 111 124
Chicago & Great West. 1,700 25% 24% 24%
Chicago & G V.' A pfd. ..... .:.. ...." 87%
Chicago & G W B pfd 49%
Chicago & Northwestern " 400 209% 207% 2C7%
Chicago R I & P 1.300 143% 142% 142»i
Chicago Term & Trans. 100 20% 20% 29%
Chicatro Term & T pfd 37
C C C & St Louis '900 99 4 99% 99%
Colorado Southern .... 300 13% 13% 13%
Colorado So Ist pfd,... 53%
Colorado So 2d pfd ' 23%
Delaware & Hudson.... 7.700 173% 171% 172
Delaware Lack & West 3,300 240 236 239
Denver & Rio Grande.. "400 44 44% 44^
Denver & Rio G pfd... 200 92% 9214 92
Erie 8,600 41% 41% 41%
Erie Ist pfd 1,500 70% 69% 70
Erie 2d pfd 500 57 56% 56%
Great Northern pfd .... 200 194 '193% 193%
Hocking Valley 1.300 56 55% 5S
Hocking Valley pfd 75%
Illinois Central .... 300 139 138% 139
lowa Central 300 41 40% 40%
lowa Central pfd 200 77% 77% 77%
Lake Erie & Western! . • 3,100 - 71% 70% 70%
Lake Erie & West pfd.. 600 133 129 132
Louisville & Nashville.. 3.2<V) 103% 103% 10?H
Manhattan L, 17.000 123% 122 122%
Metropolitan St Ry 4.0^0 LSI 154% 154
Mexican Central 1,000 .22% 22% 22
Mexican National 400 13U 13% 13%
Minneapolis & St Louis. 300 109% 109-4 109%
Missouri Pacific 9,300 98% 97% 97%
Missouri Kansas & Tex ' .:.. 2a
Missouri Kan & T nfd. «00 50% 50 50
New Jersey C-ritral.... 700 176 175% 174V t
New York Central 8.200 15<)% 158 l'Mi
Norfolk & Western.... 6,900 57% 56% 56%
Vir'"i'.k & We--t pfd 300 .90 R9% 89
Northern Pacific pfd... 400 104 103% 103%
Ontario & Western .... 9.810 IS» 34% 3*U
Pennsylvania 16.300 147% 145% 146%
Reading 17.200 43*4, 43- 43
Reading Ist pfd ........ 1,600 77% 77% 77%
reading 2d dM .6,3*0 tH% R4 _ 5^%
St T,O'Jls &S' V ' 200 41% 41% 41%
St Txjuls & S F Ist pfd 76%
St Louis * S F2d pfd. 100 67 67 . 66%
St T.ovts Po-thwestefn. 100 2""% 2<>7; 26%
Ft I«ou1s S W-pfd...... I.WW .W4 8<5% '5V
Pt Petil 17.850 17C% 169% IP9V4
Pt Paul pM ...' ..... ..;. :... 190
Southern Pacific 11.700 «>">¦% p-»«4 505.;
Southern Railway .. 3.70-) *>% ,?1% ?,i*4
Ponthem TTiflway pfd.. 6* fn 81574 gs%
Teiii. fir Pacific " WO 39% 33% It
t oWii Ft loo's A Vr»«t .... .... »v,
Toledo. St L& W pfd. V>o 343; 34% 34^
T-fi«-.n Parlflo. ............ 30,V"\ IM% 1005* 1CW A
T-n««n Pacific pfd..;.'.... ?oo P*> pen )i«%
Wj>>«i«-'H I^o ?ov, ?1% W»
T\-«bp-h pM 400 36% 36 ?«
¦""r>»pl'nT A T/sVc Kri».. ..' 17K
•WTie-llntr * L X "d pfd. ?SU
tvinrrvisin c#>Titrpl -..,... f no * yriT^ ?cx\ jo»;
W'pcopp'n Central n^d.. 400 41% 40»i 40 1/
¦p".xnr?Fß Companlen—
.Mm« .;'.....¦ .... ]sg
ATr'r<"^i 100 192 192 ]•>»
T-Ti't«.<l States ..... K7
\V'H«-r"rei> *..; •• '•'¦ 165
MWee'laner.,' . - r . .
.»rraiß-i!mat«-<1 Oo*"i»r... 30,900 '87 ' 85% s"i
,\rn»rlcon Car X- Fndrv .... ... j •
/m"r C*r p. Fnd^v nM. 500 80% 80* SO
AmwfrH»»i Li^s^M O'l . - -# -]7 ¦¦
>m»r Llnt>«Wl Oil nM... " [" <( -, 4
1 American prnelte- A R««f 6.110 42% ihu 4054
Arr\ F*n»'tr- & n«»fr pfd. . 700 pfi " tt^u, <i-i'
Ann^fila Mlrhc To — 1.700 35' 3414 3474
T>^^r.vi-.-n »?a^i^ Transit 6.200 62% 61% (!iv.
colorr^n f,,pl & iron ..... .... A my
ron.nlidnt»d O«b ....... 3,600 214 , 213% 213U
r'ni)t'n<»nt»i Tnhaceo pfd ..... •.-... ' 114U
Central Flprtric ...:.... • 100 257% 2F7% " 2K7U
C'"-<=» Rnprr ........ ,7,300 39 37 ¦ 37«
H/vVn» Cool : ..... *...T -14 -
T"t-xrpt«<»T>«>l T'«T>*r.. .... ..I] ioji
International Paper pfil ...'. 75^4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
International Power 200 BS% 88% 88%
Laclode Gas 92%
National Biscuit .... 100 42% ¦ 42% 42
National Lead 3,600 21% 20% 20%
National Salt 33
National Salt pfd 100. 66 66 : 66
North American .... 95
Pacific Coast CO
Pacific Mall 100 43% 43% 43%
People's Gas 400 104 103% 103%
Pressed Steel Car 2,900 41% 40% 41%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 800 80% 80% 80%
Pullman Palace Car. ...'.... .... 218
Republic Steel ' 100 14% 14% 14%
Republic Steel pfd 100 66% 66% 66%
Pugar 2.000 118% 118 11S%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 100 69% 59% , 59%
Union Bag & Paper Co. 100 14% 14% 14
Union Bag & P Co pfd 71
United States Leather.. 1,300 12 11% 11%
D S Leather pfd.-.t 500 80% 80% 80%
United States Rubber... 300 15 15 15
U S Rubber pfd.. 100 48 48 4S
United States Steel 11,700 42% ¦ 41% 41%
U S Steel pfd 7,800 90% 90% 90%
Western Union 300 91% 91% 91%
Total sales. 343,100
CLOSING BONDS.
US ref 2s reg 108% L & N Uni 4s 101%
' Do ref 2s coup.... 108% Mcx Cent 4s 83%
; Do 3s reg 107% j Do' Ist mc 29%
• Do Ss coup 108% Minn & St L 45... 103
. Do new 4s reg....137%>M X & T 4s 100
"j Do new 4s coup. .138% Do 2ds 80
: Do old 4s reg 111% N V Cent lsts. 105%
f Do old 4s c0up. ..111%; Do gen 3%s 108%
: Do 5s reg 106% N J Cent gen 55.... 130%
s Do 5a c0up....... 107% I Nor Pac 4s 104%
Atchison gen 45.... 102% Do 35.... 73%
. Do adj 4s 97% N & W con 45... 103 •
B & O 4s 102% Reading Gen 45.... 97%
i Do 3%s 96% S L & I M con 55. 115%
Do cony 4s. 107% St L & S F 4s 95
Canada Sou 2d5....108% St L SW lsts 95
Cent of Ga 5s 107%' Do 2ds. 79
IDo Ist mc :. 70 SA& Ar Pass 4s. 87%
Ches & Ohio 4%5..107, Sou Pac 45.. 93%
Chic & Alton 3%5. 85." i Sou Ry 55. ....:.. 119*4
[ C B &--Q new 45.. 98% ! Tex & Pac lsts....HSVj
IC M St P sen 45.11 - Tol St-L & \v r 45.. 81%
C & con 75...:. 139 Union Pae 45... 105%
CRI& P4s 106% Do cony 4s 108%
CC & St L gen 4s. 104 ,Wabash lsts 120
Chic Term 45...... 93 Do 2ds 110%
Colo &- Sou 4s. 88%: i)o Deb' B 58%
D & RG 4s 102%: West Shore 4s 112%
Erie prior lien 45.. 99 |W & L E 4s 90%
i Do Gen 45..-. 8734 IWis Cent 45..:. ....88
F W & D C 15t5.. 107 .Con Tob 4s 61
Hock Val 4%5......10T% ¦ .
I • ,' MINING STOCKS.
Adams C0n......... 20 Little Chief 12
Alice .' 40 On la no 10 00
Breece 1 00 Ophir 74
Brunswick C0n..... 10 Phoenix . 06
Comstock Tunnel..' 06 Potosl 04
Con Cal & Va...... 160 Savage 07
Dead wood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver -..... 1.90 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver ..'. 64 Standard 3 85
Leadville.Con ..... 05
• . BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ' West End 93%
Call loans 3@4 I Bonds- .
Time leans 4@4% Atclii3on 4s 102
Stocks— N E Gas & Coke... 51%
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 77% Milling Shares
¦ Do prefd 90%; Adventure '. 23
American Sugar... llß j Binpnara 28%
Amer Telephone... Amalg .Copper 86%
Boston & Albany.. Atlantic 36
Boston & Maine.. .l 92 Calumet & Hecla'..66O
Dominion Coal 48% C»nt«i.r.ia» 16%
Do prefd 117% Fr&nltlhi 18%
U S Steel..... 41% Hi-uitcldt 50
Do prefd 90% Osccola 93
General Electric. .2s7 Parrot 37
Mexican Central... 21% Quincy 155
N E Gas & Coke.. 4«C Santa Fe Copper.. 4
. Old Colony 206 Tamarack 230
Old Dominion 27 Utah Mining 2%
Rubber 14V Winona 2l2 l
Union Pacific l<i0"«. Wolverines 58
Union Land 2',J|
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was idle, in anticipa
tion of to-morrow's holiday. The rise in the
bank discount rat<? from 3 to 4 came as a sur
prise end suggests the belief that heavy money
demands are impending but the market was
glad to have the matter finally settled. Amer
ican stocks were firm with the coalers leading.
London regards New York gold exports as a
bull point, since thfy divert the French demand
from this center.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 31.— Anaconda. 9Vi; Atchison.
80V; do preferred, 99; Canadian Pacific, 113;
D. & R. G., 45%; do preferred, 94 I*.;1 *.; Northern
Pacific preferred. 106 1 ,;-.; Southern Pacific, 61%:
Union Pacific, 104%; do preferred, 91. Bar sil
ver, quiet, 26 9-16 d per ounce. Money, W-'i
per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— Close — Money on call,
steady, 2 1 / fcig > 4 per cent; last loan, 3; ruling rate,
4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4V£@s per
cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 85%@4 86% for
demand and at $1 S3»^'@4 83% for sixty days.
Posted rates. $4 S4Vi and $4 S7'/j>. Commercial
bills. $4 83@4 83»*. Bar silver, 57% c. Mexican
dollars. 40% c. Government bonds, steady; rail
road bonds irregular; State bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31.— T0-day's statement
of the treasury balances chows: Available cash
balance, $163,368,622; gold. $108,083,920.
New York Grain and Produce
# . -— ; — *
NEW YORK. Oct. 31.— FLOUR— 23,
121 barrels; exports, 15,469 barrels; firmer and
more active at old prices.
WHEAT— 94,350 bushels; experts,
18,773 bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red, 80% cf. o.
b. afloat: No. 2 red. 77% c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 77% cf. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. 82 % cf. o. b. afloat. Options wera
generally firm all day except' at the start,
being stimulated by light offerings, the corn
advance, foreign buying and local covering.
Closed firm, %c net advance; May, 79@73%c,
closed at 70% c; December, 71/J4®76%c, closed at
76% c.
OPS— Quiet. . -
. HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet and easy: fair refining,
3 5-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 3 13-16 c; molasses
sugar, 3%c; refined,- easy; No. 6, 4.40 c; Wo. 7,
4.30 c; No. 8. 4.20 c; No. 9, 4.15 c; No. 10, 4.10 c;
No 11, 4.00 c; No. 12, 4.»5c; No. 13, 3.95 c; No.
14, 2.Me. , '.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@11c. Futures opened
steady in tone, with prices indicating a decline
of 13 points under realizing by room longs and
foreign selling started by heavy primary re
ceipts and continued weakness In foreign specu
lative markets. Heavy. domestic warehouse de
liveries composed about. the only bullish favor
in the day's .news and this was offset by an
easier spot market. There was few changes
during the day and only a moderate business
transacted. The declines abroad were said to
be due to heavy unloading by longs. Houses
with foreign connections sold here. The mar
ket received its steadiness from demand by
shorts, who took profits. Closing • prices were
IC@2O points net lower, with the tone Irregular.
Total sales, 36,230 bags, including November,
*5 9506; December. $0 10; January. $6 15@6 20;
March. ?6 35(36 40; April. (6 40; May, $6 55@6 69;
.Tune. $6 60<f?6 C 5; July. $6 70©« 75; August,
$6 SO: September, $6 90@6 95. ,: : • . ¦. ¦
BUTTER — Receipts, 4100 packages: steady:
State, dairy. 14(rJ21c; creamery," 15®22%c; June
creamery, 17%@21%c: > factory, : 12%<315c. ¦ '
EGGS— Receipt.". 4711 packages; steady; West
ern candled,' 21@22c; Western uncandled, 16@
21M:C. r .
DRIED FRUITS. • •. ;
-: Trading In the market for evaporated apples
was moderately active at steady prices. . State,
common to good, 6@BcJ prime. B%c; choice, 8c;
fancy. 9y@9%c. California dried fruits, quiet.
Prunes, 3%©7 c. Apricots— Royal.. S'/4®l3c; Moor
park, - S«l2c. ¦ Peaches— Peeled, ll@18c; un
peeled, 609 c. • -
Chicago Grain Market.
* — — *
CHICAGO. Oct. 31.— Corn was given an im
pettis at the opening by Improved Liverpool
cables and December opened unchanged to *4@
%c higher at 57*;(g57;fcc. Wet weather in the
West prevented free movement of crops and
advanced prices and on small receipts shorts
began to* cover, soon sending December to 68c.
Advices indicated a poor average in quality and
quantity, being fed to stocK rrom the shock.
There was also a fair improvement in the
shiping demand and some news of lots taken
for export. Trade in the May delivery was
prominent. At the high price there was a set
back due to profit-taking and a quiet trade
until December sold back to its lower opening,
closing firm, %@U;C higher, at 55%@56c.
Wheat in the main had an easy feeling on
numerous bearish influences, but, supported by
corn, held well throughout the day. December
opened a shade lower to a shade higher at
70%@70%c on weaker cables. Primary receipts
were almost double those of the opening day
last year. Clearances also were small, but
upon the corn bulge December advanced quiet
ly to 70%#70%c, closing at that figure, %c
higher than yesterday.
There was t-ome activity in the oat pits fol
lowing the strength in corn. December cloßed
firm, %c higher, at 37c.
Provisions were dull and steady. Prices were
unchanged at the opening, though there was
an easier feeling in the hogr market. January
pork closed unchanged lard 2%@5c lower and
ribs 2%c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ¦¦¦¦-- ' • . ¦ ¦. . ¦ -' ¦ .
October 70 70% 69% 70%
December 70% 70% 70% 70%
May 73% 7H4 ¦' «* 74 *
Corn No. 2— • . . . -
October 57% : 67% 67 57
December 57% 68 57% 68
May -.-...:.-:.-. 60 60 59 ;4 60
Oats No. 2— . .
October 37 .. 37 36% 36%
December 37 • 37% 37 37
May 39 ' 39*4 35% 39%
Mess pork, per barrel— ¦¦ ' „„„ ;'l'"
January ........... 1490 .14 95 14 87% 14 90
May .....14 97% 15 02%- 14 95 14 97%
Lard, per 100 pounds— ' • „ „
October ........ 8 67% 8 67% 860 • 860
November .......... 8 67% 8 67% 8 57% 860
January 870 •8 75 865 8 67%
May ....' .8 75 8 80 8 72% .8 72%
Short ribs; per 100 pounds- ' I"™T
October 7 42% 7 97% 7 92% 7 92%
January 770 775 7 67% 770
May ...- 780 785 • 7 77% 780
Cash quotations - were as follows: "Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 68@69M.c; No. 2
red, 71 %c : No. 2 oats, 3S@3B%c; No. 2 white,
40%@41c; No. 3 white. 39%@40c; No. 2 rye, 55%
®56c; good feeding barley, 64@58c; fair to choice
malting. 54®58c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 46; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 47; prime timothy seed, $5 70®.
6 80; mess pork, per barrel, $13 60@13 60; lard,
per 100 pounds, $8 60@8 65; short . ribs eides
(loose), $7 85@8; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
7WS'"%c; short clear sides (boxed), $8 25@8 35;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30. ' -
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 42,000 33,000
Wheat, bushels 309,000 276,000
Corn, bushels 1»3,000 142,000
Oats, bushels 160,000 313,000
Rye, bushels 120,000 2.000
Barley, bushels 69.000 38,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady, creams, 14(g>14%c: dairies,
13@19c. Cheese, easy; SVi@loc. Eggs, fresh,
19% c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 58% . 59%
Closing 5 8% 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 20 45 2170.
Closing 20 65 2175
Flour-
Opening 26 10 27 50
Closing 26 10 27 45
. California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day: Grapes— B.
Ferrera, single crates, average $1 10; Cornl
chons, single crates, 90c@$l 40. average $1 25;
Muscats, tingle crates, $1 05(?l 25, average
$1 13; Tokays, single crates, 85cf $1 60, average
$1 37; Verdells, single crates, $I@l 45. average
$1 35; Cornichons and Tokays, double crates,
average $3 Hi; Cornichone, quarter crates, aver
age 7nc; Tokays, quarter crates, average 7ic.
Four cars sold to-day. Weather favorable.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— Tin in London was
5 shillings higher to-day without stimulating
much damage and the market closed quiet but
steady at £114 5a for spot and £108 5s for fu
tures. The local market for that metal ruled
quiet at $24 73«520.
Copper in London further advanced 2a 6d on
continued light speculative buying; spot closed
at £65 and futures at £62 2s. At New York j
values were quiet on the basis of $16 85@17 for
Lake and ?16 S7Vifil6 62Va for casting.
I>ead was dull and unchanged at home and
abroad, with spot t^-ned here at $4 37/4 and
In London at .€ll 8n iid.
Spelter was also without tsuinge, closing at
$4 87% and £16 16a at London.
Iron, quiet; pigiron warrants. N 50® 10 50 for;
pifriron warrants: No. 1 Northern X-Jndry, $15
©16; No 2 foundry. Southern, $14<gX^ No. 1 I
foundry Southern. $14 50@15 50;. No. 1 Nundry,
Southern, soft, $15 50@16. .___,
Glasgow warrants closed at sos and Mldsles- j
boro closed at 44s 10',4d.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— The cotton market
closed 6 points higher.
. " Eastern Livestock Market.
• ; CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31.— CATTLE— Receipts, 8000,
including 1100 Texans and 500 Westerns. Steady
to strong. Good to choice steers, $636 80; poor
to medium. ?3 80©5 40: stockers and feeders.
J"34 25; cows, $1 25©4 50: heifers, $2 25i??5: can
ners. $1 23@2 25; bull?. $2@4 50; calves, $3@6 25;
. Texas fed steers, $3@4 10; Western steers, J3 60
@5 15. - ¦ , ,'.-"•¦'¦ . ¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 20,000; to-morrow,
24.000: left over, 3000. Market 5(310c lower.
Mixed and butchers, $5 70<36 15; good to choice
heavy, $5 75(56 17%; rough heavy, $5 40<@-5 70;
light $5 50©5 85: bulk, $5 70©5 85.'
SHEEP — Receipts. 14.0C0. Sheep, steady to
strong; lambs, steady to strong. Good to choice
wethers, $3 50@4 25; fair to choice mixed, $2 90®
3 40: native lambs, $2 50*34 65; Western lambs,
$4@4 40.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Oct. 31.— CATTLE—
2462. Steady to 10c higher. Natives, $3@6 50;
cows and heifers. $1 25@5 10: bulls and stags,
$2 60(!T4 65: etockers and feeders. $1 50<g>4 25. .'
¦ HOGS— Receipts, 6300. Steady to 5c lower.
Light and light mixed, $5 6<V7?5 90; medium and
heavy, $5 70@5 95; pigs, $1 25©5 75; bulk, $5 65®
5 FO. . ' ... ¦
SHEEP— Receipts, 3900. Strong to 10c higher.
Lambs, $4 75. ...
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 31.— Clearings, $506,269;
balances, $55,071.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 31— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 55@55'/4c; blue stem, 56'/ic.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 938,651 bushels.
Shipments for the month of October were
1.799.653 bushels of wheat, 105,139 barrels of
flour. 322.220 bushels of barley.
Cleared — French bark Marachel Davout, with
13.22') bushels of wheat; French bark Bour
baki, with 112,438 bushels of wheat, both for
Queenstcwn.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 31.-WHEAT— Unchanged.
Blue stem, SSftc; club, 54MjC.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— Consols 92. Silver 26 9-16 d.
French rentes, ICOf 90c. Cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia, 28s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 28s; Eng
lish country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 31.— WHEAT— Easy; No.
1 Standard California. 5s 10d@5s 10% d; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; Prench
country markets, firm; weather In England,
fine.
COTTON-Uplands, 4 7-16 d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
The City of Peking took out a treasure list of
$510,t02, consisting of $389,467 in Mexican dol
lars, $55 in gold coin, $118,600 in silver bullion
and $2380 in Chilean pesos.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — f4 844
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87^4
Sterling Cables — 4 BSVi
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47V4
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change. A German authority estimated that
German import requirements would call for
100,000,000 bushels of Wheat and 33,000,000 bush
els of Rye.
Chicago was inactive but firm at an advance
of several fractions. Coarse grains were strong-,
particularly Corn, which helped Wheat. The
interior situation was extreme bullish. Kxports
were reported above the average, but specula
tion was slow. New York bought on cold
wave pfospects, but rains were reported over
the Mississippi basin. The elevator people sold.
Southwestern receipts were larger than last
year, something that has not been seen for
some time.
This market was lower and very dull on call,
but shipping grades remained without change.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, aS%c&sl; milling,
?1 02%@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 99*4 c; 4000. 99?»c.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — December— 4ooo ctls, 99% c.
BARLEY — The rise in futures on Wednesday
was caused by the advancing of the market by
an. operator who was long to the amount of
8000 or 10,000 tons of December, and who bid up
the market on the shorts. Tnis movement is
said to be speculative. There is, however, an
increasing steadiness all along the line, ac
companied with a corresponding improvement
in the demand, though the market is quiet at
best. Possibly, if cars were more available,
business would be better. Futures were dull
again yesterday.
Feed, 73%@75c for choice bright, 72Vic for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77V£@82i*c; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per ctL
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The market continues to show a firm
undertone, though business is not active and
offerings are ample for all current needs.
Grays. $1 10@l 224; whites. $1 1591 27^; Sur
prise, $130@132V4; black. $I^l 20~ and red,
$1 05@l 17V2 per ctl for feed and Jl 20@l 25 for
seed*
CORN— The Chicago market was bullish, with
excellent buying. This market was dull, with
a continued downward tendency.
Large yellow is quoted at $1 30@l 35; small
round yellow, $130@140; white, nominal; East
ern Corn, nominal.
RTE— 72V2@76Vic per ctl.
BUCKW HE AT— Norn inai.
Flour and Millstuffs. .
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 60. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 60<g2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
©3.' :
MILLSTUFFS— Prices jin sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal.. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, |4
©4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
"Wheat, *3 60; Farina, $4 £0; "Whole Wheat Flour
$3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $3 S5@S 35; in sacks
$6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green
Peas, $6 50 per 100 pounds. <
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Feedstuffs were weak, owing to free receipts
of Bran and Middlings from the north and in
creasing arrivals of new crop corn. Prices,
however, showed no further .decline.
Receipts of Hay were 517 tons, including 28
cars, and passed easily out of first bands at
steady and unchanged prices.
BRAN— slß@l9 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O@2I per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal et the mill, $27@25; jobbing, $28 50
@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal, $32®
WSO; Cracked Corn, $32 50@33; Mixed Feed, $H
&19.
HAY— Wheat, $9@12; fancy, $12 50; Wheat and
Oat, $8 50@1150; Oat. $8(310; Barley and Oat.
$7@9; Alfalfa. $S@10; Clover, $5 50@7; Volun
teer, Ss<gß; Stock. $5(g7 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@4Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Receipts of Beans were large again, being
13,519 sacks. The market continued firm, ow
ing to the filling of the October contracts for
shipment already mentioned. Large whites led
the upward movement, selling up to $2 65.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50<g2 60; Small White, $3®
3 30; Large White, ?2 50©2 Bo; Pea, J3 50@3 75;
Pink. $:f2 30; Red, $3; Blackeye, «3 25<g3 50;
Limas, $4 50(g4 65; Red Kidneys, $3 75@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3<g.3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $i 25@3 40; Flax, $2 65(g;3 25; Canary.
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah, B%c;
Kape, 1%@1%c; Hemp. 3Vic per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90®2; Green, $1 75
@2 26 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There is no further change worthy of note In
Potatoes and Onions. Both are firm and in
very fair demand. One car of Merced Sweets
came in.
Vegetables stand about the same. Summer
Squash and Lima Beans are scarce and Toma
toes ;ilentiful.
POTATOES— S7 I ,4<S'9Oc in sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, Jl@l 3U;
Oregon Burbanks, $1&11 D; River Reds, $150®
1 60; Sweets, 33<g40c tor Rivers and 7t@Boc for
Merced.
ONIONS— SI 2S@l 45 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
@7of! per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@3c for Gar
den; String Beans, l'<72e; Limas, 2'ic; Cab
bage. BOtiiJc per ctl; Tomatoes, from Aiameda.
2U(gSOc; Dried Peppers. 10fn2^c; Green Okra. 35
(guOc per box; Carrots, 25(g35c per sack; Cu
cumbers, 30(&40c; Pickles, 2V 2 (g3c per lb for
small and Igl^c for large: Garlic. I 1I 1 . 3 52v t c;
Green Peppers, 40(??50c per box for Chile and 40
QGOc for LJell; Egg Plant, 35@50c per box; Sum
mer Squash, 75c(&$l; Marrowfat Squash, $6®B
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $20.
Poultry and Game.
No Eastern Poultry came in yesterday, and
none was needed, as the market was suffi
ciently supplied for all current needs. Quota
tions remained about the same.
Arrivals of Game were 111 saoks. including 21
sacks from Oregon, chiefly Canvasbacks, The
Ducks continued in good condition and sold
off well at steady prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gob
blers and 14!afl6c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50
@1 75; Goslings, $1 75@2: Ducks. $3!fj3 50 for
old and $3 50® 4 50 for young; Hens, 13 50^5:
young Roosters, $3 50@4 50; old Roosters, $3 5U(?j)
4; Fryers, $3 25<g>3 50; Broilers, $3 25@3 50 for
large and $3@3 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 25
@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 75<©2 for Squahs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brusn;
Mallard, $4@5; Canvasback, $3@5; Sprig, $2 50
@3; Teal, $2@2 50; Widgeon. $1 50@2; Small
Pucks, Jl 50; Black Jacks, ?1 50; English Snipe,
$2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, |3@3 50;
White Geese, $1; Brant, Jl 25<g2 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The condition of the Butter market is vari
ously viewed by dealers. Those who have large
stocks regard It weak, while those who are
cleaned up regard it firm, the two views being
about evenly balanced. Quotations show no
change worthy of note. If stocks were evenly
distributed among the diff€-rent houses they
would be found to be moderate.
There is no change in Cheese.
Eggs continue weak under liberal supplies of
Eastern and cold storage stock, while fancy
white large ranch are In moderate stock. Pre
vious prices are quoted.
Receipts were 24,900 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 470 cases of Eggs,
420 cases of Eastern Eggs. 23,100 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 27^@2Sc per lb for
fancy and 24@26c for seconds; dairy. 18©24 c;
store Butter, 15® 17c per lb; Creamery Tub,
21<P2M;c; Pickled Roll, 18@i9c; Keg, 18@19c
per lb.
CHEESE— New, HV : @l2c: Old, 10^c; Young
America. 12Vi«?13c per lb; Eastern, 13@13c.
EGGS — Ranch, 38<g39c for selected large, 35
©37VsC for good to choice and 32^i<&.34c tor fair;
store, 22@'2 - )C per dozen; cold storage, 2(Kg'22'icj
Eastern, 18@24c, with extra white at 27i 2 c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Quinces continue weak, the demand having
fallen off. Persimmons are also In slack re
quest. Black Figs sell readily at the quotation.
Very few Grapes are arriving in small boxes
now, most of them being in crates. Prices are
firm, and a good shipping demand is expected
to-day and to-morrow.
Nutmegs and Cantaloupes are neglected and
lower.
Citrus fruit remain about the same.
Over ' 5000 bunches of Bananas are in from
the islands, selling as below. Some Pineapples
have also arrived.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— JI@I 23 per box for extra, 50@S5c
for good to choice and 2S@soc for ordinary.
POMEGRANATES— SO@7Sc per box.
PEARS— Winter Nells, Jl@l 25 per box; com
mon, 50@75c.
QUINCES— 25(g50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 63®7Sc per box.
STRAWBERRIES— S6@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— None In.
LOGAN BERRIES— SS@6 per chest.
RASPHERRIEP— *4<ftS per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— S®6c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Coa, ?9 50 per barrel;
to arrive. $10 50; Coos Bay, $2 50 per box.
FlGS— Black, $1 per box.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25@35c per box; Canta
loupes, 50c per $rate; Watermelons, $s@lo per
100.
GRAPES — Verdels. ~iQta"c per box and crate;
Tokay, 65ifi85c; Isabellas, $1 23; Muscat, 60<S8;jc;
Black. 40<SS3c; Cornuichon, 75@S3c.
CITRUS* FRUlTS— Oranges, 7oc@s2 for com
mon, S3 25(^3 75 for good to choice, and $4 for
fancy; new Navels, $2 50(5.3 CO; Lemons, Jlffil 25
for common and $2<S3 for good to choice: Grape
Fruit. $1 50(3:4; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Ba
nanas. $1 75@3 per bunch for New Orleans and
$I@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, A r uts and Raisins.
Previous quotations rule for all descriptions,
and the market Is featureless, except thai
Prunes are selling better in New York, as will
be seen in the first column.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7&8% c for Royals and S&
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 5%<57c; sun-dried. 3%<tf4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears. 4@Se; Plums, pitted 3%
<gsc; unpitted, li@2c: Nectarines, s(g:6c for red
and 5%<§6%c for white; Figs, 3@3Uc for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows
30-40's. sVi@s%c; 40-50's, 4%@5c: 50-60's, 4%«J)
4%c: 60-70's. 3%@4c; 70-80 I s, 3ii(g3V.c; 80-30's, Z%
@3c; 90-100' s, 2Vi(g2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $175; 4
crown, |1 60; London Layers— Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown, 4%c; Three
crown. 4%c; Two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 4%c; Seedless Sultanas, ,5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, S'^c:
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime. aV-ic; un
bleached Sultanas, sc. Bleached Thompsons—
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 9c: stan
dard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 61.4 c;
° NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@12%c: Walnuts. No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c:
No I 7c; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell, 10
(Slic'for softshell and s@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts s@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12®12%c;
.Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll^lSc; Cocoanuts,
HOXET-Comb, 12«J12^e for bright and lOi©
l%c for light amber; water white extracted.
5(g.6c- light amber extracted, 4@sc; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 2S@2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was weak at a slight decline, with
Swift a heavy seller of Pork and Lard. There
was no change in this market, which was
weak and quiet.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy.
mic for light medium, 13^c for light.
14U.C for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13>ic; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. 11l per barrel; extra
Mess *12; Family, *12 50; prime Mess Pork.
|15; extra clear, $23; Mess, *19; Smoked Beef.
14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and ll^c for pure: half-barrels pure,
l%c: 10-lb tins. WAc; 5-lb tins. 12*»c; 3-lb tins,
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10% c; three
half -barrels, lOVic; one tierce, lO^sc; two tieces.
10c; five tierces, 9ftc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hop buyers continue to hold off. and say
that the English crop is turning out larger than
estimated. The market is dull and not over
firm. Hides continue etrongr and in demand,
while Tallow is easy. There Is nothing new
In Wool.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salced
Steers lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c; baited
Kip 9V-c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf, 10®
10% c; Dry Hides, 16i516%c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf. lS@l9c; Culls and Brands,
16@17c; sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each;
short Wool, 50@60c each; medium, 50@75c; long
Wool, 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, Bait, $2 60
<g2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 75
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large, $1 25®1 50 for medium, $1 25 for
small and' soc for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or
red skins, 3ic; fall or medium skins, 30c; win
ter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — Refined, 6%c; No. 1 rendered, b'tt
SU.C per lb; No. 2, 4@4%c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7Ssc; Oregon Valley fine. 13(g>
15c; do, medium and coarse, 11® 13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to sood, SKtf
He; Nevada* 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@S%c; San Joaquln
Lambs,' 7%(gi»c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do, defective. S@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@l2c per Jb.
HOPS— 9@loc for tair and ll@l3c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are weak at the slight decline already
mentioned. There are plenty of them com
ing in.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— fifeti%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7®Bc; small, B@9c per In.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewes. 6tfjW%c p«r
pound.
LAMB— 7<gSc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 230 lbs and under. s%®«c;
over 230 lbs, 5%c; feeders, -; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars, 30 per cent off, and stags, 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
liogs, 7%(g9c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; local
make. He less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32
Q)3sc; Fleece Twine, 7%@Bc; Fruit Bags, s\@
6Hc for cotton and "iQIMc for jute.
COAL— Wellington, J9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wellsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend,
$9 ; Cumberland. $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15; Can
nel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand. 1
OlLS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, Ssj' case.i, 30c;
China Nut, 55(3 72c per gallon; purs Neatsfoot,
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, foe:
Whale Oil, natural white, 40®4 l Sc per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels, 37Msc; cases 424 c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels, 63V4c for Ceylon and 58 1 . 2 c fcr Aus
tralian.
COAL OlL^Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13'^c: Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral, 20c; Star.
20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c: Eocene, 22c;
deodorized" stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases. 21 "Ac; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
20Uc; 86-degrte Gasoline in bulk, 20c; in cases,
26i 2 c.
TURPENTINE— oSUc per gallon In cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in ICO-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90 c; Pow
dered, 4.75 c; Candy Granulated. 4.75 c; Dry
Granulated, 4.65 c; Confectioners' A, 4.65 c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.65 c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.45 c; Majnclia A, 4.25 c: Extra C, 4.15 c;
Golden C, 4.05 c; D, 3.93 c; barrels. 10c more;
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half
barrels, 5.15 c; boxes, 5.40 c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than bO per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER 31.
Flour, qr sks 32,046 Hay, tons 517
Barley, ctls 54,710 Straw, tons 5
Wheat, ctls 1,490 Hops, bales 10
Oata, ctls 400! "Wool, sks 425
Corn, ctls 125 Brandy, gals .... 5,600
Sugar, ctls 14,851 Wine, gals 70,050
tTallow, ctls 256 Leather, rolls .... 14 J
Beans, sks 8.630 Flaxseed, sks 751
Potatoes, sks 4.67? Pelts, bdls 393
Onions, sks 1,150 Hides. No. 525
Bran, sks 2,167 '¦ Raisins, boxes... 3,600
Middlings, sks... 1,095|
HONOLULU. _________
Wool, bales 401
STOCK MARKET.
Firmness continued to characterize local
stocks and bonds on the morning session.
Alaska Packers' continued to rise, selling up
to $150, with the stock In demand, buyer 6O
and 90. It is street report that the company
has funds on hand to pay dividends for several
years. Giant Powder also continued firm at
$85 50. Oceanic Steamship sold at $4i> and Hono
kaa Sugar sold up to Jl2 50. In spite of all
this firmness, however, the market was quiet.
There was nothing new in the oil stocks.
In the afternoon Hutchinson Sugar sold up
to $17 50. The other stocks were unchanged.
West Shore OH was ex-dividend of 5c yes
terday.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
has declared a dividend of 5c per share for the
quarter, payable November 12.
The dividend of 10 cents per share recently
declared by the Standard Consolidated Mining
Company will be payable here and in New
York November -I.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Oct. 81— 2 p. m.
'NITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid.Ask.
4s quar c0up..111%112' 2 «s qr c (new).138%139%
4s quar reg.. ..111%112% 3s quar coup. .108% 108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 55. 106% — . Oceanic SS 55. 103 104,
Cal-st 3s 118 — ; Omnibus C 6s 129%
C C Water 55.111%112% Pac G Imp 4s. 95 —
Ed I> & P 6s. — 131% Pk & C H 65. 11 l 113
Fer & C H 6s. — 122 :Pk & O R 65. 121 —
Geary-st 5s — 100 [Powll-st R 6s
H C & S 5%5. — — |Sac E G R as" 95 _
Do 5s 93V4 — ;s f & sjv ss.my;i'>3i<i.
Los Ang R Sa.lKVillS 'Sierra Cal 63 — —
L A Light 65.101t 4 — is P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 65.. 100 — | (1909) 113 h 3 m
Do gntd 55. .102 102%! (1910) 114% —
L A & P 55... 101% — S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m ss. — 123 (1905), Ser \ 107% —
Mkt-st Cab 65.127%125% (1905), Ser 8.108V109
Do 1c m 55.122 Vi — (1906) ]SS _
NR of Cal 65.112 V*ll3 (1912) 119^ _
Do as 121 — SP of Cal Ist
Nor Pac C 65. 101% — c gntd 5s HIM. —
Do 5s 106%10S SP Br Cal 6s.lJ4i^ _
Nor Cal R 55.. 112% — S V Water 63.111^111*4
Oak Gas 55.... 111% — Do 4s — 10414
Oak Tran 6s. .123%125i4! Do 4s. 3d m — 1031!
Do Ist c 55.. — 112«4 Stktn Gas 69 102\i —
Oak Wat g ss. — 108 ' *
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 78% 78% Port Costa .... 53% of
Marin County 08 — Spring Valley 371^ btm,
GAS AND ELECTRIC. '
Cent L & P.. — 4 Pacific Light. 41 _
Kquitable 3% 4 Sacramento 25 —
Mutual 3U sft 8 F G & E.... ««. 41T'
Oakland — 52 : San Francisco 4% —
Pac Gas Imp. 40 40%; Stktn G & E 3 _
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 24o — )
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77% 79% L P & A 159%160
California ....406 410 Mer E* (Uq) 1* _
Cal Safe Dep..109 - S F National^ _
First Nation!. 3ls 3CO
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1902%2050 , Say & Loan — 90
Humboldt — — j S«curitv Sav ''SS 250
Mutual Say... 60 — Union Tru-=t HM —
S F Say U 525 — \
AUCTION SALES
£» £*v £a
FIRST AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON!
THOROUGHBRED
YEARLINGS
FROM THE
BURLINGAME Si OCK FARM.
This consignment consists of Colts and Fil-
lies sired by Magnet, San Lucas. Imp. Bath-
ampton and Lincoln 11. out of such good
mares as Lucrezia Borgia, Tenetrae sister to
Brunswick), Ray of Goid by Rayon d"Or. Sal-
ly Sensible, Callatine (dam of St. Callatine).
Sunlit (dam of Morinel. El Rayc. etc.), Viola
by Himyar. I Declare. Physalis. Imp. Chiffle.
Hertha. Phoebe (dam of Count Hubert). Corin-
thia. Abra Daly (dam of Burdock), etc. All
to be told without reserve or limit.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1901,
At 7:45 p. m.,
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 HOWARD ST.. San Francisco. Cal.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
Yearlings on exhibition Saturday. Nov. 2,
1901. Catalogues now ready.
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....13u — .OS L A H 40 —
Geary — 50 fprestdlo 32 —
Market 89 30 l|
POWDER.
Giant 85% 88 Vlgorit 4* 4%,
SUGAR.
Hana 4% — Kllauea 11 JM
Hawaiian .... — 47% Makawell .... 28 2»
Honokaa 12% — Onomea ....... 24^ —
Hutchinson... 17 17% i Paauhau U' 4 -
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..147%150 Oceanic 5 Co. 44% —
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn.*B9 90 Pac C Borax. 1U —
MerExchange.llo — I Par Paint 18 —
Morning: Session.
Board—
50 Alaska Packers' Association 150 iVt
50 Alaska Packers' Association, b 30. . 150 00
25 Alaska Packers' Association, b 20. 150 M
10 Giant Powder Con 35 50
400 Honoka Sugar Co 12 50
10 Market Street Railway 89 23
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 46 00
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 87^4
Street—
85 Giant Powder Con 85 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa "Water 78 00
15 Giant Powder Con 85 50
200 Honokaa Sugar Co
W Oceanic Steamship Co 45 00
20 Onomea, Sugar Co 24 2o
10 Paauhau S P Co 12 25
25 Pacific Gas Improvement, cash 40 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 "K 1 * ¦
15 Spring Valley Water 37 50
$4000 Spring Valley «s 11l 82^
Street—
15 Hutchinson S P Co 17 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
300 Bay City 30
200 Horns 3 40
1000 Independence W
150 Independence 0»
cOO Junction
1200 Monarch of Arizona, b » 23
700 Petroleum Center ©»
100 Sovereign 25
50 Twenty-eight 150
Street—
100 Monte Cristo 170
200 Oil City Petroleum 25
500 Lion 09
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Hanford. Fresno, Kern River 08
200 Home 3 35
3U0 Junction 25
1550 Lion 09
100 Monarch of Arizona 22
500 Petroleum Center 09
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 15 200 Ophir 77
300 Mexican 20 100 Union Con ... 14
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 18 500 Mexican 22
300 Con Cal & Va.l 75, 500 Sierra Nevada. 15
100 Con Cal & Va.l «)' 200 Sierra Nevada. IS
300 Crown Point... 0« j 300 Sierra. Nevada. 17
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
600 Best tc Belcher 15 200 Hale A Norcrs IS
500 Challenge Con. 09 700 Mexican ....
100 Con Cal & V.I 72^ 200 Ophlr 77
500 Crown Point... 06 400 Sierra Nevada. 14
Afternoon Session.
200 Chollar 08 1 200 Sierra Nevada. IS
200 Con Cal & Va.l 75! 200 Sierra, Nevada. 17
100 ilexlcan U\ 300 Union Con .... 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Oct. 31— t p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 01 02 Justice 01 03
AHa 01 02 Kentuck — 02
Andes 03 06 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 08 09 Mexican 21 23 1
Best & Belcher 16 17 Occidental 05 06
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr 82 *J
Caledonia 28 30 Overman 05 M
rhallenge Con.. 19 20 Potosl 07 OS
Chollar 07 09 Savage 10 11
Confidence 75 80 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 75 180 Beg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 18 17
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill .... 30 32
Crown Point ..05 06 St Louis 03 —
Eureka Con .. 14 —Standard 390 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry 11 12 Union Con 13 13
Hale & Norcrs 17 1» Utah H
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 15 1«
CALL CALENDAR.
November, 1901.
S. M. T. W. T. |F. S. Mcon's Phase*.
1 2 ft November 2.
1 | ¦ 1 A Last Quarter.
_J_ _L _L _1 _L _!_!_!_ ' iTN^^mb^rlo^
10 111 12 13 f14'15 f 16 *»* New Moon. _
24 25 28 27 \2B[ 29 ¦ 30 /^ November 23.
mmmm^^^^ 1~~ ; i : v=^ Full Moon.
HOTEL ABRIVAXS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G McMUan. Stanford jW A Houts Los An* '
G McMillan. Stanford J D Fletcher.
J Doo tey. Golconda T J Turn bull. Chicago
5 £ a ht - Sr 010 ?"* 1 * F A Hihn. Sta Cruz
? W Ross.- Manila G S Joneß, Or Valley
J W Hupp. Weavervill W Hall & w. Chicago
? £ tzler - Bi «* 3i3 i B Nickerson. Sonoma
J E Steams, Los An C Rlngler, Portland
A D Rummel, Portland W Held. L'klaJi
g 2 S? le &7'Or «I s E Cole S Dakot» .
F .? vT^n * m l &7'Or L Thorne. Wabash
L V Miller. Los Ans D Dinssen. Sacto
2. ? Sr^l lll6^ Cal R j Prince. Boston
£ L Weber, Napa Capt W Grey. Merced ¦
Jf -2 ?T3? T 3. W - Ph lade l J Walker. Watsonvlll*
;A-M; A- M , A drew \* w > Ind F Porter. Honolulu
IvY F Chase. NY C Bailey England
H X Palmer &W ' Cal ? ile >' : inllaSd .
R i.,, Heath - Modesto L P Ossislng. Seattle
\V Gilmore &w. Cal Mrs Craig. Woodland"
? L Consldine. Nevada Miss A Craig. Woodld
£.-^? 8 S. 1 _^ lr i clnia Clty Mis 3 c Craig. Woodld
W H Ford & w. Nile* Mrs Bates Cleveland
F Parker, Sacto o Harvey & w. Cal
•T Simmons. Tehama Mr McCord. Hanf ord
. PALACE HOTEL.
S ?i le^S?;. StantorA Miss A Joiner. Stanfrd
H M Chlttenden. lowa J X Harmon, Chicago
M i* Veil - X w York ° w Richard?. Mo
i t K? l^, New York J R Grant San. Diego
£ i McCullough. N V F A Peaae, Boston
F S Morris. Portland E P Rlpl.»y Los Ane"
E Benson. Portland J W Ken-irick La Ang
J A Brent. Cal * J A Post. Los Anff
H «rIA« rI A - New York P Morton Los An#
R Mallory. Portland A O Wells. Los Anf
E H Brown. Mass E J Engel. Log \n«j
C M Brown. Mass . J McCarthy Los j£am
L Gundelflnger. Fresno H E White. LO3 An?
W L Austin, Denver E Chambers, Los \nsr
W^a Stubbs & w. Oak E H GerDer, Sacto
1 M l>urand & w. 11l J J Dempsey. - Mich
P M Durand. 11l T Magee Jr. Belveder-
Mrs E Stevens, Chlcgo J J Holtman & w 111
Mrs J Knapp, St Louis C C Bragdon & w.'Masa
R D Goodwin. USA W V Qiilmby & w Cal
H Laws & w. Stanford C W Hubbard & w Pa
J D McGraugh. Pa Mrs J R Sterrett" 'pa
Mrs W S Taylor. CM =«rrett. Pa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Holt. Sacto W Coughnet. S Jose
J Clendenin. Tacoma Mrs Swan L In*
A Caid. Oakland C G Allen Newman
J L Carlon. S Rosa G T Rey "Stockton
A H Rltz, Honolulu J Revede« S Diego
I- Conn. Honolulu .F J Edwards Oakland
CS' N°br° lUIU i Rob « rtS B C™"
G Wilson, Nebr E Taylor Vnm.
H Sparks US A • L Gehret . A&a,
C Cometord, Alameda «.i«.aiiM
There Is a notable boom in St Peters
burg for women pharmacists. A number
of them are fulftlliner so well the duties
ot their calling ir, thf lusslan capital that A
the boom Is lLceV aot only to sprea 1
throughout the ea re. but overrun the
borders of the Cza, -moire
God gives no . - 3 to thoae who are
not seeluns the . ' eood.PLOT TO OUST
THE EXECUTIVE
Colombians Are Con
spiring Against Act
ing President.
Affair Considered Serious
One for the Unstable
Country.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31.— Mall advices
received here contain brief reference to
a conspiracy having for its object the
ousting ef Vice President Marroquln, the
acting- executive of the Colombian repub
lic.
The couj> d'etat was scheduled to take
place on the 23d of September, and was
isald to be the outcome of dissatisfaction
p^fc-ith the existing Government regime. It
• wm to have been participated in by an
element of th« Liberal party and by two
of th« branches of the Conservative party,
each of which wa* to have two repre
sentatives in the Cabinet of six members.
It •wa» proposed that after MarroQuln had
been deposed the former President was
to be tailed in office, there to remain
tor a, short time, after which General
Osploa, who had resigned his position as
Minister o£ War. and who was said to be
implicated in the conspiracy, was to as
sume the office of President.
Aa shown by the press dispatches, how
ever, tan plot failed. General Ospina's
coanecticia with the alleged plot. Jt is
caid, -was after his resignation as Min
ister of War. resulting from the iate
Cabinet crisis while he was in that office,
as woulcl b« the natural Inference from
the pres* dispatches. The whole affair Is
regarded as very unfortunate for Colom
bia In the present unsettled condition of
affairs In that country-
The Navy Department has made public
the following extract from a mall report
received under date of October 21 from
Captain Thomas Perry of the battleship
lowa, which has been lying at Panama
watching; the progress of affairs in that
quarter:
I bar* the honor to report that at this mo
ment activities are taking place on th« part
of the liisuxretitt who have, until recently.
b«*n In the neighborhood of Cnorrera. On Bat
urtar, October IS, it was reported that Chor
r*r* had seer evacuated by the Insurgents and
that several hundred of them had marched
from there toward Empire, a station on the
I .nama railroad, about twelve mile* from
"T mama. The Government sent a forge of
'•bout 160 men by rail from Panama said to be
destlaed for Empire and Culebra. ' Insurgents
were eeen on October *>, in email numbers, on
the hills -west of and near Panama. It Is
eaid this movement on the part of the insur
gents had been forced on them before they
were ready by the presence of smallpox in
their cerr-p at Chorrera, the disease atacking
their members to such a degree that they
were obliged to leave to save their entire force
from becoming hore de combat.
In the report of Lieutenant Commander Mc-
Cres, commanding the Machias. dated October
3. 1901. a copy of which was received by me
•?ter the original had been sent to the de
partment appears the following statement:
•General AJban is building stone barricades
m the outskirts of Panama toward La Boca "
This is t mistake, as no barricades have been
built cf nry material on the outskirts of Pan
ama.
Popularity of Buller Increases.
LONDON. Oct. Sl.— General Buller
threaters to biossom into a British Boul
anger. He does not appear to court pri
vacy or to discountenance demonstration*.
He attended a theater in London last
evening and when he was recognized and
cheered he rose to his feet and bowed his
acknowledgment*. Outside the building
General Buller was surrounded by cheer
ing crowds and the police had to be called
in tn floor a n-ir
THE PASSING
OF JOHN E. AGAR
Funeral of Weil-Known
Pioneer and Insur
ance Agent.
Captain John E. Agar. whose funeral
took place in this city yesterday, wat one
of the most prominent pioneers of Cali
fornia. The deceased was born at Wash
ington, D. C . in March. 1824, and came to
Calif ornia . in January. 1850, via Panama.
Arriving in San Francisco he engaged in
various occupations. Having been a
member of the flre department in Wash
ington he was of great service and dis
played great courage in the fire in this
city in :£SO.
He al£>o became a member of the Vigil
ance Committee, but In 1852 he decided to
move to Sierra County and became inter
ested in mining:. Shortly after his arrival
In that sounty he accepted the position of
rat sounty he accepted the position of
:r.anager of the Langton Express Com
\ pany a.t Downieville. He held this re
sponsible post until 18© with great credit
to himself. During his residence in
Downle-ville he became Chief of the Fire
Department and captain of the Sierra
Oiiard. When the pony express was
superseded by the railroad. Captain Agar
came to San Francisco and became man
ner of the Pacific Coast branch of the
Mutual Life Insurance Company.
Captain Agar death will "be deeply
mourned by all those who had the pleas
ure to meet him. Many friends attended
his funeral to show their respect for the
memory of one of the best known and
popular pioneers of California.
•WHITE WINGS" CAHILL
PASSES AWAY AT OAKLAND
John Patrick Cahill, "White Wings," is
dead. There is not a baseball "fan" In
California, nor in the East, for the mat
ter of fiat, who will not learn with deep
regret >.f the passing of this old-time idol
of the diamond. He died yesterday of
-motion at the home of his mother
!n Oakland.
kahili was Immensely popular at the
H&Jpnt-street grounds of the old Califor
nia L^£4E-ue. where he played with the
Haverlys. He ranked with the best play
err and could fill any position, except that
of catcher. His favorite positions were
chortstcp and third base.
It was at Haight street he was given
.-he sobriquet of "White Wings." He
/Trade a sensational slide for- second base
resulted in disaster to his blua
Knickerbocker*. For the take of the pro
prieties he was compelled to retire back
ward to the clubhouse. He reappeared
shortly afterward attired in white knick
erbockers. The song "White Wings" was
popular at the time and the wags on the
nleacher» commenced singing It. That
fixed his nickname.
Cahill went East In 1884 and played with
the Philadelphia Reds, at that time Phil
adelphia's record nine. The following
year he went to Atlanta, Ga., where he
captained the team.
Her* :ae was truly the popular idol. A
street wae named after him, likewise a
brand of cigars. He returned to this
coast and played under Colonel T. Peren
nial Robinson, on the Oakland team.
Since then he has played in Texas. Ari
zona and other States In the Southwest.
Licenced to Many.
OAKLAND. Oct. 31.— License* to marry
¦were ls»iued to-day to Edward F. Hender
eon, «*sd 30 years, Berkeley, and Iva M.
Herrick. 19. Oakland; Alva E. r>anlelson,
24. and Chloe M. Doan, 18. both of Oak
land: J>hn Harris. 36. and Mary Powers.
8?. both of Ban Francisco: John A. Etter,
d Mabel Poatlewatte, 22, both of
Oakland; Paul Fenzel, 88, San Francisco,
and Alee Selig. 26. Berkeley; Gottlieb
tssert, SO, and Victoria E. Baborsky, 24,
h of Ban Francisco; Lawson 8. Adams
, over 21. San Francisco, and Hazel L.
Curtis, over I*, Oakland.
Oc z&e: onf do not make a man ; they only
•bow what U»ere Is In him.
NATIVE-BORN CHINESE COUPLE
PLAN AN ELABORATE WEDDING
Robert Leon Park, Editor Chinese Herald, and
Miss Emily F. Tape, of Berkeley, Are to Be
United in Marriage by Presbyterian Minister
OAKLAND. Oct. 81.-A picturesque
wedding will take place in Berke
ley en the evening of Saturday,
Nevfmbc-r 2. which will be of un
usual interest from the fact that
the principals. Mis=s Emily Florence Tape
and Robert Leon Park, are of Chinese pa
rentage, born In San Francisco, and the
marriage ceremonies throughout will be
conducted In accordance with American
customs.
The home of the bride's parents. Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Tape, at 2123 Rus3ell
street, will be the scene of the nuptial
festivities and the house is to be elab
orately decorated for the occasion. Ths
brides father, "Joe" Tape, is one of tho
best known Chinese in the State, having
been in the employ of the Southern Pa
cific as immigration agent for a number
of years, and is possessed of considerable
wealth.
The bride-to-be \a accomplished in
American arts, speaking English with re
markable fluency and being a violinist of
considerable ability. She has played in
public on several occasions. In the trous
seau are a number of richly embroidered
kimonos and other dainty articles of fem
inine apparel, which are the work of the
bride's skiiiful fingers.
Both Born in San Francisco.
Both bride and groom were born in San
Francisco and have been sweethearts
from childhood.
After graduating from the Boys High
Sohool in San Francisco. Mr. Park toon
a special course in the State University
and is now managing editor of the Daily
t hineso World, a newspaper devoted to
tie interests of his people.
An interesting feature of the wedding
will ht the presence of Dr. I. M. vondit.
paster of the First Chinese Presbyterian
Church in San Francisco, who officiated
at the marriage of the brides parents
and whe will also tie the nuptial knot on
r»atuicay.
The bride's gown is of white mousse
line <3* eoie, with a bolero jacket of Bar
tenberp !ace made of gold thread. The
long tulle veil is heavily embroidered and
IRISH LEADERS
ARE WELCOMED
Warm Reception of Red
mond, McHugh and
O'Donnell.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— John E. Red
mond, Patrick E. McHugh and Thomas
O'Donnell. Nationalist members of Par
liament, who come here in behalf of the
Irish cause, landed to-day from the
eteam«ship Majestic. They were enthusi
astically welcomed on the pier by a large
delegation of Irish-Americans.
The envoys intend to make a six weeks'
tour of the United States. The object of
their mission is to further the interests
of the Irish League and explain the
changes that have taken place in parlia
mentary affairs since the death of Charles
Stewart Parnell. Extensive preparations
for their reception here and elsewhere
throughout the country have been made.
Five hundred Irish women tendered a
reception at the Hoffman House to-night
to McHugh and ODonnell, and presented
to them an address of welcome and also
presented them a floral harp eight feet
high end bearing the inscription "Cead
Mllle Failthe."
Redmond and his companions will leave
New York Friday of next week for Bos
ton. They will then visit Baltimore. Chi
c&go, St. Louis, San Francisco and all
the large cities in the United States and
Canada.
John Upton.
GRABS VALLEY. Oct. 31.^John Upton,
one of the earliest pioneers of Grass Val
ley, died at hie home here last night, after
a lingering illnese of two years. He was
74 years old. Mr. Upton came around the.
Horn with a party of fifty in 1850. Only
two of the party now survive, one beint?
James M. Campbell of this city. Mr. Up
ton followed mining at Rough and Ready
for a time and later engaged in business
here. He Is survived by a widow and
three daughters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
ACCOMPLISHED COUPLE OF
CHINESE DESCENT WHO
ARE ABOUT TO MARRY.
* +
the bride will carry a shower bouquet of
bride roses. She will be attended by Miss
Florence Chan, also a American,
who will wear a confection of white or
gar.die, baby ribbon and lace, and will
carry pink roses. The groom will.be ac
companied by his brother, Edward Park
of San Francisco. '
Garden to Blaze With Lanterns.
The ceremony will take place under a
wedding bell of pink and white chrysan
themums. The garden will be ablaze with
Chinese lanterns and the large basement
where the wedding supper will be served
will be brilliantly illuminated with elec
tricity. The walls and floor have been
cvered with white canvas and large
American flags will be draped with flow
ers and foliage.
About sixty guests have been invited,
among them being many prominent
.Americans from San Francisco, as well as
this side of the bay.
After the wedding journey . the groom
will bring his bride to a beautiful little
cottage which he has erected near her
present home and which has been taste
fully furnished in real, comfortable
American style. A number of paintings
v/hich adorn the new home of the bride
to-be are the work of her mother, who
has been awarded several premiums at
the Mechanics' Fair for her skill with the
brush.
MORLEY PLEADS
FOR THE BOERS
British Statesman Se
verely Condemns
War Policy.
LONDON', Oct. 31.— John Morley, M. P.. i
addressing his constituents to-day at j
Arbicath said:
The Government Is aggravating the essential
mischief of the situation in South Africa by
1t» management of the concentration camps.
The death rate of children, measure It as you
will, is hideous, excessive and appalling. The,
policy of devastation has been admitted to be
a mistake.
I wonder what Lord Palmerston would have
said of a Government Justifying themselves by
say-Ing that Russia iji Poland and Austria In
Bosnia had done something like the same.
The war hae entirely changed in character,
and !« drifting into a war of extermination of
a p-ole fighting for their own land.
The policy of unconditional surrender and
submission means extermination and annihila
tion. The present attitude of the Government
is one of sullen desperation. There is nothing
worse than mettle in a blind ho.se. The King
wiil. perhaps at no distant date, have t« seek j
other Ministers with a better insight and a
more pliant mind in the face of the dangerous
and complex situation which confronts the
country.
ALDERSHOT, Ofct. 31.— 1t is understood
that mm a result of the conclusion arrived
at by th 9 Cabinet Monday every available
Infantryman here will be sent to the front
between now and Christmas. The- troop
ers are ordered to start for South Africa
about the middle of November, leaving
only one regiment, the Thirty-first
Lancers.
Prince Arthur of Connaught. who in a
second lieutenant In the Seventh Hussars,
goes with hiF regiment to South Africa.
Delegate to Exclusion Convention.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31.— The Retail Clerks
have elected their secretary, C. A. Sin
clair, delegate to the Chinese Exclusion
Convention to be held shortly in San
Francisco.
PLANS FOR BIG
SHOW MATURE
Dogs, Birds and Poultry
of High Degree to
Be Exhibited.
Many Awards for Winners
in the Annual Display of
Domestic Pets.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 Broadway, Oct. 31.
Poultry, dogs and pigeons of all breeds
and varieties will be exhibited in large
numbers at. this year's combined show,
which will be held at the Exposition
building, opening December 4, under the
charge of the Oakland Poultry Association.
That organization has conducted three
eminently successful shows and its plans
for this year give ample promise of a con
tinuance of past satisfactory results.
Breeders and fanciers have already ap
plied for space in such quantity that an
exhibition measurably larger than that of
1900 Is assured, and last year's show was
a lecord-breakf.r.
The premium list, particularly in the
poultry department, carries a long list of
cash and special prizes. The official an
nouncement follows:
Singles: All classes of not less than 1« en
tries—First, $3; second. $2; third, $1.
All classes of not less than 8 entries— Flm,
$2; second. $1.
All classes of not less than 4 entries— First,
$1; second, 60 cente.
AH clases of less than 4 entries— First, $1.
Breeding pens: All classes of not less than
6 entries— First, $4; second. $2.
All classes of not less than 4 entries— First,
$3; second. $2.
All classes of less than 4 entries— First, $3.
Besides the cash prizes, 225 specials, includ
ing six flm-class Incubators, are offered.
The judges will be the following named:
Henry Berrar— Barred Plymouth Rocks. Sil
ver Wyandottee, Golden Wyandottes, Partridge
Wyandottes, Black Wyandottes, Brown Leg
horns. Ducks. Geese and Turkeys.
L. N. Cobbledick— Buff Plymouth Rocks. Buff
Wyandottes, Orpingtons, Games, Langhams
and Polish.
R. J. Venn— Hamburgs. Houdans and all
Mediterraneans except Brown Leghorns.
Benjamin M. Woodhull— White Plymouth
Rocks, White Wyandottes, Brahmas and all
varieties of bantams.
At least 10,000 chicks will be hatched by
incubators during the four days of the
show.
The dog department will be In charge of
the following committee: T. Gregory, C.
G. Hinds, John Bradshaw. Benjamin
Bryon. The judges will be:
C. R. Harker— Mastiffs and St. Bernards.
Frank Hall (manager of the Chutes, San
Francisco) — Great Danes.
W. F. Chute— Hounds. Dalmatians, pointers
ettere and sporting spaniels except cockers.
J. Bradshaw (at the request of the California
Cocker Club)— Cockers, and L. A. Klein, all
other classes.
The American Runt Pigeon Club will
have- charge of the pigeon department,
but there will be a general fancy pigeon
display. Runts', owls, Turbits, pouters,
fantails and cumulets will be liberally dis
played, with a special exhibit of homers.
Entries for the show close November 23
at 6 p. m. Premium lists are to be se
cured from C. G. Hinds, secretary. L. N.
Cofcbledlck. president of the Oakland
Poultry Association, has opened an office
at 401 Twelfth street, where entries may
be stnt.
OAKLANDEBS ENJOY
HALLOWEEN PARTIES
OAKLAND. Oct. 31.— Halloween was
commemorated to-night in many places
and many ways about the city. In many
brightly lighted home? parties were given.
In a number of churches there were en
tertainments for adult and child and on
the streets the youngsters played their
pranks.
Among the parties was one given by
Miss Edna Watkins at her home at 640
Forty-sixth street, a large number of the
young ladies' friends having been Invited
to be present to spend an evening in the
enjoyment of games, dancing, music and
refreshments. The guests of the occasion
were:
The Mi?*es M«ml», Ida, Sarah and Irene
Trelease, Irene Bigley. Anita L,e Conte, Victo
ria Shoo, Cella Tymesen, Anna Cannon, Amy
Tymesen. Irene MacMncks, Luclle Calkin*,
Haz«"l Watkins, Bessie and Gladys Bailey. Edna
Watkins. Will X'rmy. Walter Graves, Ralph
Seavy. Floyd Holland. Lovell Holland. Joe Le
Conte. Kd Hutchlnson, Roy tfutchlneon. De
Witt Hutchinaon. William Bingham, Maloolm
ialklr.R. R. 1... fiherman, M. R. Ansler, Edward
Cannr.n, Fred Maddocks, Mrs. Daisy Giraldo
and Mrs. R. O. Watklne.
The choir of the First Methodist Church
was entertained by the leader, J. M.
Robinson, at his home In East Oakland.
An entertainment was given by the Sun
day-school children of St. Paul's Epis
copal Church. The affair took place in
the schoolrooms.
Miss Gladys Courtaln was hostess to a
number of her friends at the Albany
Hotel, where she gave a short entertain
ment.
Miss Johnson entertained a number of
her friends at the home of her parents.
Mr. and Mrs. James A. Johnson, in East
Oakland Games and dancing were en-
Joyed by all.
Oakland Circle No. 266. Women of Wood
craft, gave an entertainment in Reed
Hall, consisting principally of a farce
called "The Matrimonial Auxiliary of the
Woodmen of the World."
TOLICE WORK HARD
TO COLLECT EVIDENCE
OAKLAND, Oct. 31.— The police con
tinue to accumulate evidence against
members of the gang captured Tuesday
afternoon that fixes responsibility upon
them for recent burglaries. A junk dealer
has identified one of the number as hav
ing sold a lot or tools to him that wer.i
stolen from Sohsfs carriage factory sev
eral nights before the capture of the
crowd. Merchants and householders
throughout the city, as well as the po
lice, are happy lhat the nine are safely
behind the bars, for the evidence is strong
enough that they had started upon a
winter campaign of burglary. Among th.»
number under arrest aro several men who
could be used as a reconnoitering force,
paving the way for successful raids upon
homes and stores. At least three of the
nine will be directly connected with the
recent burglaries, and the detectives now
at work are satisfied several more of
their prisoners will have to defend them
selves against felony charges.
Many business men have sent their
messages of appreciation for the work
that was done in rounding up the gang.
SPECIAL PLANS FOR
THE SOPHOMORE HOP
BERKELEY. Oct. -All preparations
have been completed for the sophomore
hop which will take place to-morrow
night in the Harmon Gymnasium on the
Berkeley campus. The hop Is always one
of the principal dances of the first term
and a large number of students of the dif
ferent college classes will be present at
the coming social event. Harmon Gym
nasium has been decorated in class and
college colors. The orchestra will occupy
a stind in the center of the immense floor
Olin Wellborn of Los Angeles has been
chosen floor manager of the hop. The fol
lowing committees In charge \ were ap
pointed by E. A. Hamlln, president of the
sophomore class:
Arrangements— G. F. Beard '(chairman), Miss
Maude Smith. Miss Irene Hazard. Miss 'eg
Davidson, A. R. Traphagan D. F. i rwln c O
Berger, F. M. Hamilton, S. C. Asbill. J. c.
Pickett
Reception-Orval Overall (chairman) H. M
Evans. C. C. Belesis;, N. F. Titus, a. L. Bled!
soe, D. C. Smith T..G. Quayle, Ben Harwood
Frank Skinner. Miss Mary Baird, Miss EG
Edwards. Miss Mary Martensteln. Miss Talulah
Le Conte. Mian "Winifred Osborne. Miss Jessie
M. Parks. '¦'•'¦• -
Decorations— Miss Irene- Hazard. Mies Evelyn
Davidson. F. Hamilton, S. C. Asbill. >D
Music— Miss Maude Smith, C. O. Berber
1 Refreshments— A. R. Traphagan, D. f. Irwln
J. C. Pickett. ..-,;, - - -\> - . . '
Kindergarten Benefit.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31.— Captain J. F. J
Archibald, who was a war correspondent
in Cuba and the Boer war, will lecture
at Hamilton Hj.ll to-morrow evening upon
his experiences in South Africa, illustrat
ing his lecture with many photographs
taken by himself while in that country.
Mr. Archibald js well known in Oakland,
and his lecture will be for the benefit ot
the Emeryville Free Kindergarten.
REOPENING OF MACDONOUGH
WELCOMED BY OAKLAND'S PEOPLE
"In Old Kentucky," a Play That Has Always
Proved Popular in Bay City, Greeted by
Crowded House Which Augurs Successful Season
WELL KNOWN AND POPULAR THEATRICAL MAN WHO WILL LOOK
AFTER THE AFFAIRS OF THE OAKLAND THEATER AS THE LO
CAL REPRESENTATIVE OF MANAGER HALL.
OAKLAND. Oct. 31.-The Mac
donough Theater was reopened
to-night after having been closed
during the greater part of the
present year. The people of Oak
land showed an Inclination to give the
new management of the theater a wel
come and they turned out in such num
bers that the entire theater was filled.
Not a seat was to be -had in any part of
the house when the curtain went up.
C P. Hall, lessee of the new theater,
and C. Henry, who is associated with him.
were present at the opening. Mr. Henry
has been in the city for several days mak
ing the preliminary arrangements. Mr.
Hall arrived this morning from Fresno.
For the local management Guy C. Smith
of Oakland has been selected. Mr. Smith
has been connected with the Macdonough
Theater in various capacities since it was
first opened and is thoroughly familiar
with the local situation. Mr. Henry will
have general charge of the Macdonough
and Mr. Hall will divide his time between
PLAGUE INVADES
GLASGOW HOTEL
Three Cases of the Dis
ease Discovered in
the City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GLASGOW, Oct. 31.— The bubonic plague
has reappeared here. Four persons sus
pected to be suffering from the disease
were lately removed from the Central
Station Hotel. Subsequently three were
certified to have the plague and one died.
The hotel has been closed.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 31.— Owing to the
precautions that have been taken against
the spread of the plague here the Con
suls have not yet recommended shipping
restrictions. The American Consul, after
communication with Washington, says
that American ports are not likely to bar
passengers from Liverpool.
BORDEAUX. Oct. 31.— Ministerial- in
structions have been received to disinfect
all vessels arriving at Bordeaux from Liv
erpool.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31— The United
States Consul at Liverpool has cabled to
the State Department that two cases of
bubonic plague and some other suspicious
cases have developed in a hospital in Liv
erpool. The facts were communicated to
the marine hospital service. Surgeon
General Wyman has cabled Past Assist
ant Surgeon Thomas, who did similar
work in the outbreak at Glasgow some
months ago, to proceed to Liverpool and
Investigate the outbreak and keep this
Government advised of the situation.
This is the first outbreak of plague in
Liverpool in the recollection of the au
thorities here. No immediate danger to
United States ports is apprehended, al
though there will be a much more rigor
ous examination of incoming vessels and
passengers from Liverpool by the health
authorities than heretofore. The official
reports received here do not indicate if
the ease's are of a .violent type.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— Dr. Doty, health
officer of the port of New York, is not
alarmed ever the fact that Liverpool has
been declared a plague infected port by
the Italian and French governments. He
said to-day that New York's health is
in no way threatened. He explained that
Liverpool has only two authenticated
cases of the bubonic plague, and these
were conveyed there from another pore,
being taken at once on their arrival to
the hospital, so that the general public is
in no sense involved.
Charged With Involuntary Homicide.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 31.— Allen Watsor.
the colored scorcher who ran down an-}
killed Norman Campbell, has been held
to answer to the Superior Court on the
unusual charge of involuntary homicide.
E. W. "Walker, his companion, was dis
charged. The evidence showed that the
two men had been racing down the street
at a furious rate of speed when they ra i
Jnto the children.
Oakland and his other theater properties
in Fresno. Sacramento and San Jose. It
is probable that Oakland will be the home
house for the circuit controlled by these
gentlemen.
The people of Oakland to-night proved
themselves ready to give encouragement
to the new management should they profit
by the mistakes that have been made with
the Macdonough in the past. The people
of Oakland are ready and anxious to
patronize their theater at home if the
proper encouragement is given them, but
there is no community that can let a
theatrical attraction so thoroughly alone
as can the people of Oakland if they feel
so Inclined. This has been demonstrated
to the satisfaction of several managers,
some of whom made successes and others
who did not.
The opening night was certainly all that
could be desired in point of numbers. The
play, "In Old Kentucky," has been pre
sented in Oakland before and has always
proved popular. Two more performances
will be given Friday and Saturday even
ings, but there will be no matinee.
IRE ENLIVENS
THE CONGRESS
Delegates to the Pan-
American in Exciting
Debate.
CITY OF MEXICO. Oct. 31.-The Pan-
American Congress has received from th«?
Spanish colony at Buenos Ayres a cable
gram congratulating it upon the senti
ments favorable to Spain expressed by
General Rafael Reyes, delegate of Colom
bia at the municipal banquet.
The session this morning, which finally
resulted in the admission of the members
of the press to the sessions of the confer
ence, was very interesting. The first prep
osition submitted was that of Peru, whose
delegates asked that as many of the press
representatives as the hall would hold be
admitted, their number being left to the
discretion of the conference. This propo
sition was rejected by the votes of Chile,.
Colombia, Uruguay, the United States/
Mexico, Brazil, Haytl, Guatemala, Hon
duras, Salvador. Nicaragua and Costa
Rica— twelve votes against seven.
The next proposition, presented by
Chile, differing slightly from that of Peru,
was taken up. It had been expected that
Peru and its allies would vote against
Chile's proposition, which, united to the
votes of the delegates hostile to" the ad
mission of the press in any form, would
have defeated It. thus excluding newspa
per representatives. However, Senor Al
zamora, for Peru, supported Chile's pro
posal, saying. "We consider principle, noi
persons."
Senor Carbo of Ecuador jumped to his
feet and said that the last expression was
a reflection upon the other delegations ami
called on Alzamora to withdraw his
words. Alramora declined, antt the inci
dent was assuming a somewhat threaten
ing character when the president of the
congress. Senor Raigosora, intervened,
saying that he saw nothing censurable in
Alzamora's words.
Chile's proposal, owing to the action of
Peru, was adopted. There are those her-».
however, who say that Chile's reel object
was to defeat the admission of the press,
and that Peru's stand was a great sur
prise to Chilf.
YEAB IN PRISON FOR
A THIEVING SERVANT
attorney W. W. Foote's Japanese
Valet Is Punished for His
Many Crimes.
OAKLAND. Oct. 31.— One year in the
City Prison was the sentence imposed
to-day by Police Judge Smith upon Kezo
Topazi, the Japanese house servant who
robbed Attorney W. w. Foote of many
valuable pieces of bric-a-brac. Mr. Foote
had a score of charges against his thiev
ing domestic dismissed, being content
that his punishment should rest at the
twelve months' sojourn he will have In
Oakland's notoriously uncomfortable
rlson.
HORSEMEN TRY
THEIR STEEDS
All Are Interested in the
Purses for the
Winners.
People of Pleasanton Are
Decorating in Honor
of the Meet.
PLEASANTON, Oct. 31.— Horsemen all
over the county are trying out their
steeds preparatory to the two-day race?
meet which is to take place on the local
track to-morrow and Saturday. With.
$1200 in purses hung up for them to race
for. people owning steeds of all sorts and.
sizes— that pull a sulky, some thai
drag the family conveyance and others
that tug at the hay wagon— are burnish*
ing up the hides of their beasts and work
ing them around the tracks and roads in
an endeavor to get their speed as far be
low 3 minutes as possible.
The race meet promises to be a great
event in the history of Livermore Valley
and It is the talk of the inhabitants from,
one end of this fertile stretch to th»
other. The races will be run off on th«
track at the Pleasanton Training Farm,
which has been put in the best possible
condition for the occasion. It la the arm
of the committee in charge to start th.>
races promptly at 1 o'clock and dispatch
the programme as fast as possible. Th<»
card for each day, with the names of th«
entries, is as follows:
FRIDAY.
First race, pacing-. 2:13 class, purs* $300, thr«»
in five— H. H. Dunl»p enters I Direct; J. I*.
Smith. Gaff Topsail; Albert Joseph, Durfe*
Mac. - - * - -
Second race, trotting. 2.30 class, purse $30* "
three in five— C. L. Crellin enters Derby Lad;
J. M. Nelson, Rosewood; D. Mtsner. Mlk» D,
D. Llsenger. Lady Rowena; Mr. Chaffer. Crip
ple; J. E. Smith. Trilby: Mr. Prosser, Lincoln
Allen: I. B. Daiziel. Belle Hansen.
Third race, running, half a mile and repeat,
purse 1150— E. E. Randle enters Idaho Chler
and 'Writeout; VT. J. B. Preston, Venerable;
J. Cutshall. Tyleta. -
SATURDAT.
First race, trotting. 2:1." class, purse $M.
three In five— J. B. Ibertson enters Dan W; 8.
A. Hooper. Alta Vela: Albert Joseph, Floto
dora; C. F. Bunch. Thomas R.
Second race, special, pacing, for members of *
Gold in Gats driving Club of San Francisco,
purse $250— D. D. Senger enter* Mack: D. Mls
ner, Sablo Le Grande; J. O'Kane, A! Sandy.
A. Jacobs, Eden Vale.
Third race, special for buggy horses without
records now owned In Murray Township, trot
ters and racers, two in three— J. Chadborne en
ters Hattie C; Wells & Bedsworth, Surprise:
C I*. Crellin, Anita; L. C. Walter. Lottie Ver
rion; Ben Meshlma. Butterfly.
Exhibition miles will be trotted by Bon*
nic Direct. Rey Direct and Flying Jib, alt
hcrses with phenomenal records. Besides
these events, the meeting will be made
more interesting by the exhibition of live
stock and an entertainment. There will
be a parade of blooded horses on Satur
day morning at 10 o'clock, when some
world-famous animals will be shown in
their best bib and tucker. Saturday ever
ing an entertainment and ball will be
given in Nevis' Pavilion. The people »1
the town are decorating their houses in
her.or of the visitors and national color*
arc- to be seen everywhere.
SCKLESSLY FIRES SHOT
ON A CROWDED STUEET
Special Officer Tobin Uses Pistol in
Trying to Prevent Escape o£
Three Rowdies.
In his endeavor to prevent the escape
of three rowdi?s who had created a dis
turbance at the Olyrnpia theater laat nigi;.
during the performance. Special Offlc 31 "
Tobln fired a 'shot down Mason street,
which at the time was crowded with peo
ple. The bullet struck Paul Manning 'vs
the right foot, cutting his shoe, but I,'.
fllcting only a superficial wound. Owintf
to the crowded condition of Mason streeu
the special officer was severely censur*-1
for so recklessly using his gun. The shot
occasioned great confusion and many wo
men were badly frightened.
The trouble grew out of a refusal of tn*
three rowdies to take seats when request
ed to do so by OUcer Tobin. Instead or
complying with hi? request, the 9peclaf
officer claims, one of the men drew a
policeman's club and struck him a blow
on the neck, after which the three mart*
an effort to escape. Tobin followed th».i;
to the door and just as they were cross
ing Mason street he fired a shot at one
of them.
Th« three men fled through the O» ;
raloon and escaped by climbing a fenjs
in the rear.
Tobin, who ;¦; a son of Police Sergeant
Tobin, claims that he recosrnlaed th* men
and says that he will pwear out a war
rant for their arrest to-day.
INSTJBANCE MEN FLY
WITH ANOTHER'S BTJQGY
Dcwey. Alias Smith, and Wester,
Alias Brown, Languish Within
the County Jail.
OAKLAND. Oct. 31.-Two well dress»d
men. who gave the names of Jakp Smit.
and David Brown, but afterward adm r
ted that their proper names were Dewpy
and Wester, ran away with another
man's buggy out on the county road. near-
High street, and are now in the County-
Jail for the offense under $2000 bonds.
The men were in a saloon soliciting in
surance, when they saw tho buggy stand
ing in the road and made a rush for it.
Intending to have a little lark. Deputy
Sheriff Quinlan's attention was called to
the men and. jumping into another bor
rowed buggy, he overhauled them. Dewey
showed fight, while Wester ran away.
Hv the time the fight ended Quinlan hati
his man pretty well used up and some
one else captured Wester, who could riot
run very fast. Justice I-arue held the
men for grand larceny and fixed the bail
at an uncomfortable figure for them.
Thirty Dresden sculptors have entered
protest against the policy of spending
most of the 20.000 marks assigned by the
city for the annual purchase of statuary
on the works of foreigners.
NEW ANNOUNCEMENT. -
HAIR SOFT AS STLX.
New Scientic Treatment Kills Dan- *
druff Germs and Makes Hair Soft.
It is an accepted fact, a proven fact,
that dandruff is a germ disease; and it is
also a demonstrated fact that Newbro's
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ. With-
out dandruff falling hair will stop, and
thin hair will thicken, jnerpicld# not
only kills the dandruff srenn, but it als^ .
makes hair as soft as silk. It is the most
delightful -air dressing made. It
cleanses the scalp from dandruff and
keeps it clean and healthy. Itching and '
irritation are instantly relieved, and per-
manently cured. At all druggists. There's
nothing "just as good." Take no substi-
tute. Ask for "Herpicide."
/££\ DR. MEYERS & CO.
/||r*^Y SPECIALISTS FOR ME.V.
IWi /-»J \ Established IS3L Con-
§Dß. t*on and private CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1881. Con-
sultation and private booit
I skfc 1 free at office or by mail.
\ NfifiPj / Cures guaranteed.
\££2%/ ¦ 731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI,
lERCES
FAVORITE
(RESUMPTION
; 1 M FOR WEAK WOMEN.
Airr nn\ll I Corner Fourth.' and
RAFF RfIYAI %?%&?'*%
Will L. MW IIIU:,- Overcoats »ad
values checked t re*.
112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until II o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFjFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
• •^ratr-Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
Ci* Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
w;> McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
.1:. Larkin street; open until 8:80 p. m.
:'.-;i Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
:-i;i Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
\:-..i1l I o. m.
;vG Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1f 36 Valencia street; open until 9p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken- :
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
200 ¦'illmore street; open until 8 p. m.
MEETING ¦ NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. . •*¦_
T.. 8 Post st— Regular assembly THlSTaar*
(FRIDAY) EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. {C3j
All fraters cordially Invited. By order H0
of the commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Lodee No. SO, F. and m
A. Called meeting THIS <FRI-^\^
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30. D. 3. By TCjJf
order W. M. /^r>
EDWIN L- MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS EVENING, 7:30 _JV_
o'clock. I\J\
GEORGE PEXLINGTON, Sec /V^
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. T. --ffl-*imi
—Double initiation THIS (FRI- -^S_flS_i:
DAY) NIGHT, November 1, Mem-
¦ rial Hall, O. F. building. Visit- ¦^aaV? 5*5 *
or« cordially Invited. - - » -
FRANK V. COX. K. G.
TV. F. XORCROSS. R. a ¦ -
CAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS, K. -
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) _«!*«_
EVENING et 8 o'clock. Pioneer fiSv/rt^Sl
Hall. 24 Fourth ft. 3r/Kwl
H. H. CASTLE. VS_s2j'
. Record Keeper. Xaty-
REGULAR meeting and nomination <GT >.
of officers of the Caledonian Club 2L u^l
THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. Scot- Wf£/
tiEh Hall. 117 Larkin st.
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re- :
reived applications to mine by the hydraulic
procatt from N. Gilman. in the American
• House Mine, at the American House, Plumas
Co.. to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
m'.ne ; from James A. Modglin. in the Old
Gardiner's P<*nt Diggings, near Port Wine,
Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in Saw. Mill
Ravine: from the California Company, in the
North Hill Placer Mine, near Milton, Cala-
veras Co., to deposit tailings in Rich Gulch,
and from L. V. Tefft. in the Lone Star Mine,
near Crcmberg, Plumas Co., to deposit tall-
lngrs in Jackson Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
ing, San Francisco Cat., on November 11,
1!»C1. at 1:30 p. m. ,
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED— Our great set of Christ-
mas books now ready. Best and newest books
for children. Colored pictures. Lowest prices.
Best sellers ever known. Agents selling from !
32 to 25 books a da-. Also life William Mc-
Kinley and Complete Story of His Assassina-
tion, including Lives of Lincoln and Garfield
snd Stories of their Assassination. About 600
extra large pages. Biggest, best book. Superb-
ly illustrated. Lowest price. Handsome and
valuable premium. 75 per cent to agents. One
book free v.::h each ten ordered. Freight paid.
Credit given. No experience necessary. Outfit
;ree. Sell the best book. Make the most
money. We give the most liberal treatment.
All orders shipped day they are received. We
cwr. the largest binderies and are the enly
publishers shipping books promptly. HENRY
NEIL. 323 Dearborn *t.. Chicago. 111.
. INCREASE your income $10 to $25 per week;
no canvassing, no soliciting; strictly legiti-
mate; no capital required; stamp for partic-
ulars. P. O. box 501, Oakland, Cal.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our :
noveities; prices on application. THOS. I
FOOTE CO., Los Angeles. CaL
WANTED — Good, live agents to sell patent
glass hones; something entirely new. H. A.
KAMPE, IS Mason st.
GIjCEE Portrait Co. removed to 1067 Market;
sgerts wanted; can make $3 to $5 a day.
WANTED— Agents; wages paid. Box 1400, Call
office.
ADOPTION.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy in-
fants. Dr. Emllle Funke.l4l6 Bth st., Alameda. ;
ASI'IIALTLM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. liS6 Mission; w-1. Folsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist; complete life
reading, ' ¦¦ , by mail. He. 1163 Market st.
AT I NUHI AT LAW. j
FREE advice— J. M. VERDEXAL, attorney, 314
Montgomery st. Divorces, private; fees low; '
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits; ti-
tles perfected; documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought; money loaned; insurance 30c
or. fiw). P. B. TRAVERS. evenings. 41S'j, Post
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy col-
lections attachments ;murtgages; bills of sale; !
r-artnersnip!?;<le^ds; wills drawn ;fees low ;open !
eve's. THURSTON, IOOSVi Mkt, r. 4, opp. sth.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
qui^; no charge without success; collections, j
wills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
3« years. Atty <3. W. HOWE, S5O Market St.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor. Sl6 Market— Legal business of all kinds
solicited; advice free; able hody of attorneys.
ADVICE free; moderate fee if successful; office i
open evenings. HUGH C. GRAXT. 527 Market. '
AI3VICE free; no charge unless successful. W. '
RW. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. pp. Mason. '
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckele blap.. 927 Mar-
ket st; consultation free: no fees in advance, j
BICYCLES For Stile or ExchanKe. j
GOOD seooii^-hJi • bicycles for sale. $5 tip;
Ml for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL, j
30$ .rkin st.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California St. '
BOOKS HEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red~29s6' |
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
-¦ ¦ 1 _
BIKEAI TKIXKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock !
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard. :
MJUHBM CHANCES.
A— J4iO; SALOON, living rooms, cheap rent; j
surrounded by warehouses; opposite freight
d*l>< Call H. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Et.
|4CO— CORKER grocery and bar; living rooms;
cheap rent; best part of the Mission; see and '
make an :U:. H. U. WILKE. ZG-i Kearny. ;
A— SI6OO— CORNER grocery and bar. doing a I
large ,ash business; splr-ndid bar trade; rent !
4z5; sickness of wife only cause of sale. See I
n. G. WILKE. 26!~ Kearny st.
A— SI2SO— BAICEIIY and restaurant: established j
for years; doing a first-class paying business. ;
_ Call R. <i. WILKE. a>^ Kearny t.
A— S3OO— DELICACT and pork store, with 3 i
living rooms; lent $14; business established i
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
R. G. VVILKE 2fc% Kearny st.
A— SIOOO-LIQUOR store on Market Bt; estab- '
- lishod many years, doing a good paying busi- !
ness; investigate and you will find a splendid
business offer. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny. i
GROCERY and bar In the Mission f650
Orocfcry. notion and stationery store 250 ¦
Grocery; snap; Invoice $700; must go 350 '
Grocery, dellcacf, branch bakery; rent $25 325 !
Kotion. stationery, candy, bakery; rent $15 250
General store, up country; sue on dollar.. 4500 I
If you want a snap ire have them
DECK & CO.. 827 Market st. room 20S. i
MAX with 1300 In office business; experience
not necessary. DECK. 927 Market St., rm. 208. |
5300— PARTNER wanted in light business; sat-
isfi< d with J2O a week; no experience re-
quired; trial Eiven. 935 Market st, room 14.
IGP.OCERY and bar, 3 living rooms: bears full
investigation. Call at 835 Market, room 14.
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain.
Call at 935 Market St. room 14.
J3OO— RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain; '
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE
537 Mission st.
FOR SALE— A good saloon on Market st. ; on
account of death will be sold at a bargain: no
agents. McLEOD & HAT.IE, 515 Market Bt.
A— s3so; Beautiful Market-et cisrar stand sacri-
ficed. Ask HEDGES, 461 and 462 Parrott big.
A— CIGAR stand: JO to select from; $100 to $1200.
Ask C. L. HEDGES. 461-462. Parrott building.
A— DELICACY store in first-class running or-
der; snap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
5200— PARTNER; commision business: clears $75
month to each. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
FOR Sale— Saloon and liquor store on a prom.
inent transfer corner; will be sold at a bar-
gain. Bex 1562, Call office. /*..'¦::
FOR Sale— lf you have $550 and want a bargain
In a Fruitvale chicken ranch answer im-
roediately. Box 1703. Call office..
PARTNER wanted with small capital for bak-
ery and coffee saloon. 321 Ellis Bt.
FOR Sale— Laundry route, with horse and
wagon, $150. 3372 Mission at
BPSINESS CHANCES-— Oontlnned.
FOR sale-The old established grocery busi-
ness with bar attached at the SE. corner of
Ellis and Polk sts., No. 745 Ellis St.; busi-
ness established twenty-five years.
Also the well-known saloon and eating-
house at the NE. corner of Twentieth and
Illinois «ta.. Potrero, one block from Union
Iron Works.
Sals is caused by death of one partner and
departure of the other partner.
Terms cash. Bids may be made for either
place separately, or for both places together,
and left with WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS,
No. 401 California St.. room 20, on or before
November 6. ISOI, Bids subject to objection.
$1400— COUNTRY hotel in railroad town of 25,- ;
|' 000; contains 40 rooms well furnished; barroom
and dining-room: 40 regular boarders; rent
only $75 per month; clears over $200 per
month; books open for Inspection; bargain In
this; ill-health only cause of sale. C. F.
MOORE, 935 Market St., room 6.
FOR Sale— ln a thriving interior town in Cal-
ifornia, a well equipped drug store, doing a
paying business; the owner desires to sell only
because his health Is poor. Address MACK
& CO., 13 and 15 Fremont st
A GOOD opportunity — to other Interests \
I will sell a first-class livery stable; Al trade; !
good location; full investigation to buyer.
Box 1147. Call office.
BRIGHT business man to Invest $400 with ser-
vices; money secured; must be good corre-
spondent and office man; references given and
required. Box 1564, Call office.
i FOR sale— Grocery business in Sulsun, Cal., do-
! ing a fine cash business; established five
I years, i Call or address P. O. - box 52, Sui-
| sun. Cal.
i PARTNER in small laundry business; one Who
j . can command some trade preferred. 219% 6th.
I PARTNER wanted; good carpenter; one of the
I best shops in the city. Box 1585, Call office, j
ROOMING and boarding houses, hotels, flats,
stores and business places of every description
sold snd exchanged. McBRIDE & CO., 993
Market st. ; phone Folsom 450.
j A FINE business, not selling but giving away;
! call and see. FISHER & CO., 935 Market St.;
1 phone Folsom 1592.
I $5000 .;
AN investment of $5000 which will pay yearly
i a profit of $3000 to Investor; Industrial enter-
prise; parties desiring interview address A.
8., box 1573, Call office.
' FOR sale— of the best transient corner sa-
loons in city; established 20 years; with 44
newly furnished rooms; will sell together or
separate; price $6000. Box 1408, Call office.
PLAY a system and beat the races; this Is not
! a scheme, but a straight business proposition.
Racing System, 698 Fourth st.
GROCERY business; cheap rent; will be sold
i at a sacrifice. 120 Battery st. . |
CORNER grocery and bar; fine location;
i cheap rent Box 1489, Call office. • . ;
• BARBER shop, 3 chairs: profits $40 week; j
I cheap; no agents. 803 Kearny st.
I PARTNER with $1000 to take half interest in
; first-class restaurant with fine business. Ap-
I ply 632 Market St., room 23.
. SALOON; best transient corner in the heart of
1 city; very fine trade; selling account of other
I business; only $1500. Box 1600, Call office.
! GOOD paying restaurant for sale; 32 years in
i same place; account sickness. 207 Third st.
i $1000— PARTNER wanted in dyeing and laundry
business. 1421 Point Lobos aye. . V
! FOR sale^-Cheap established saloon; good busi-
i ness; first-class place. 12 Jackson St.
¦ SPLENDID business opportunity with small
I capital. Box 1598, . Call office.
i FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery; on account
of death. Inquire at 1697 Folsom st.
$250— RESTAURANT; cost $1000; rent $30; sound
value. D. Mcßae Furniture Co.. 837 Mission.
I RESTAURANT and coffee saloon to-day;
secure it. Apply furniture store, 837 Mission.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
i t . i .^_ .-.j,^.-^.-,^.,-.
, $350—7 ROOMS; near Sixth and Market; cost
I $600; must sell. Apply DECKER. 1020 Market.
I ALL BARGAINS-CALL FOR LIST.
5 rooms ; on Mission $275
9 rooms: fine ccrner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms: large yard 1500 ;
40 rooms; boarding 4500
17 rooms; fine corner 1350 '
: 60 rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room flat on McAllister st 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425 j
I 24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash * 750
8 rooms;, flat; near City Hall 350
j' 18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $50.. 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
19 rooms; on Mason st. ; new 750
j 32 rooms; offices; clears $250.... 3500
! 21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
' ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
;Al TRANSIENT HOUSE. ~ ~~~~
¦ Good corner; money maker for right party;
I don't fall to see this bargain; easy payments.
I RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
! Any of the following on monthly payments:
I rooms on Ellis; a bargain $325 j
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $85 500
3 rooms; grand transient location 2,200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1,200
20 rooms; best in the city. 2,300
13 rooms; tine furniture 1,050
21 rooms: corner; part cash 1,500 j
28 room*; piano; clears $60; payments.... • 400 '
89 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5,950 i
I 42 rooms; cost ?12,CC0 to lurnish 7,000 i
6 rooms; $125 cash, balance payments.. 350 I
I 40 rooms; always rented ; sacrifice 1,250
I CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
1 IS rooms; respectable; clears $90 1,500
10 rooms; modern; hotel; clears *600 10,000
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHNIS3I
; A. H. RETSLOFF. Ml Market st. ' j
I THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. "
I 850 Market st Tel. Davis 281
WE HAVE NEW 43-ROOM HOUSE. WE
FURNISH TO YOUR ORDER. WE WILL !
SELL IT TO YOU AT YOUR OWN PRICE- !
PART CASH.
36 rooms; good income $2,600 j
18 rooms Folsom st 750 j
17 rooms; good transient location 1,500 '
15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn 1.400 j
6 rooms; fine furn.; a nice home 700:
8 rooms; a bargain 650 i
13 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500 j
16 rooms; tine condition; all rented 1,600 ;
19 rooms; modern house; fine furn 2,500 !
• 21 rooms; well turn.; good income 2,600 !
I IS rooms; good location; pays well 1,500 {
6 rooms; good furn. 'and carpets 500 j
100 rooms: «-lev. ; furn. and carpets new. .10,000 I
I 40 rooms; new furn. and carpets; lease.. 5,000 |
. AT once— Lady with few hundred dollars to j
manage Al rooming-house with boarders, i
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S3) Market Et. I
! A. CAMERON & CO.,
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 325. .
See our list of bargains. j
75 r. ; rent $175; Al lie. ; carp., fur.; fu11..55500 |
' 38 r. ; rent $100; hotel and bar; 20 board's. 2500 I
26 r. ; rent $75; Market; well fur.; pays.. 1000 I
i 14 r.: rent $60; good furn.. mc $105 1000 i
j JO r. ; rent $25; cor.; fine flat; pays well.. 475
i 8 r. : rent ?35; water free; good home.... 300 :
7 r. ; rent $35: Ellis; modern flat ?,C0 I
5 r. : rent $35; fine little flat 275 i
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms. $150 to WOO
Private residences, 7 to 28 r., $230 to $3000.
i MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. rms.~"l7^
j VTcl. Black 1-8-0-3; office near Call bldg.
; We has 4 salesmen. Business is booming.
He has 3 ladles canvassing for lodging-houses.
Get bis free list of 541 lodging-houses. ,
He has money to loan: payable monthly or I
yearly. Itemized Inventory with every house. !
A CL"EAR TITLE OR NO SALE.
Several good city and country hotels.
Houses, prices and terms to suit all buyers.
i FOR sale at great bargain, price $1400, 37-room
house on Market st. ; rent $50: must be sold
; at once. ' McBRIDE & CO.. 993 Market St.
! $900— 14-ROOM house, a bargain; half cash,
balance to suit purchaser. McBRIDE & CO.
93 Market st.
j FOR Sale— a great sacrifice a 100-roomed
house paying {150 per month; rent $65: price
j $1500. 993 Market st. McBRIDE & CO.
iA— ROOMS: Ellis st; rent $32 50; 0n1y.. 5300
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; only.. 725 j
12 rooms; Market st. : rent $40; good house. 530 I
Many more Bargains ; get our list first. • . i
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
A— NOTICE— have rooming-houses, all sizes
and crices in all parts of the city: net our
lift first. MITCHELL & CO.. i;O6 Market st.
23 ROOMS; clears $65; rent $65 777950
9 rooms; rent $20; clears $30 r. 225
20 rooms; rent $30; water free ....' 7CO
14 rooms; rent $25; snap; south 350
15 rooms; north Market ; rent $75 1050
j 44 rooms; 8 front rooms and good location. 2000
We have other snaps besides tllese.
j DECK & CO.. 927 Market if. room 208.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses,
hotels and business chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.;
phone Folsom 1592.
BUYERS— buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st. opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and . prices.
FOR sale— Lodging-house near water front; 14
rooms; paying business. Address box 1708, Call.
BAT-WINDOW house; 18 rooms; • baths:
rent $44: modern: always full. Box 1427. Call.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 807.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor. 6 Eddy st., room 105.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
SPIRITUALISM. .
A^[Ri7^R7~F^R^Hirii"spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
JOHN SLATER— CircIe to-night, 25c, 8:15 sharp;
sittings dally, 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton St., near
Greenwich. 1 * •- - '
C. V Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fi\. 6u.. 8 p. m., 60c. 10S4 Bush; p. Larkin 22<S.
MRS. J. J WHITNEY, trance/ bus. medium;
life reader; medical,- clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
I BROCKWAY'S psychic seance, Sunday. Tues-
day. Thursday. 8:15 p. m. 25c; readings daily.
299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
A-MUSTAFA. Egyptian materializing seance
j to-night, 50c. 1610 Bush st, near Franklin. '
EDWARD EARLE will return Sunday; grand
slate writing seance. 328 Ellis st.
; Mrs. Van Baker's circles Tues. & Friday, eves.,
I 25c; everybody get a test. 732 Eddy; no elgu.
! MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m., 10c; readings
I 50c and $1. 148 Sixth, r. 12; tel. Howard 1129.
I A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St.— Satisfactory
I readings, 50c and $1; circle every night, 10c.
! ARNOLD DICKSON, tells everything; 5Cc. $1;
I full materialization Thurs.. Sun, eve. 201 Turk. j
1 FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. !
Meyer; sittings dally; teat to all to-night, 10c. |
I HARMACHEIS read this week only 00c; con-
vincing test cir. every eve.. 10c. 332 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS^
ME. M. BERNARD, ~~~
. . THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
j reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription, of the past, reveals the present hap-
! penings and portrays events to occur in the fu- |
; ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un- 1
1 happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great |
medium and you will be told how to overcome j
I them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; |
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
DAGMA. the Egyptian;- just arrived from |
Egypt, draws aside tlje uncertain years ahead;
happiness ¦ and success go hand in hand, yet
hundreds fall where success is possible were It
not for the lack of foresight into the future; i
If you- are in trouble, unhappy or not satisfied |
in life, consult DAGMA, ,t or she is a prophet- |
ess of world-wide fame and her name has be- !
come a proverb in thousands* of homes made i
j happy by her. 1035 Market St., room 14, third |
j floor. Office hours 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MRS.. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance |
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar- j
ket st., corner Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and :
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar- I
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet I
- with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT, ~:
. . HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when- others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mail.
ME. AENDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215V4 Sixth st.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, up-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
ME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight; |
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
Miss M.W111e,326A Ellist St., greatest of all crys-
tal seers; reads your life correctly; full names \
. given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by mall $1.
Princess Isbmael, clairvoyant, 1008H Market,
from Alohobar; Ist appearance; read life with-
out ques.; hrs. 9a. m.-9 p. m. ; Sun. till 2 p.m.
i CARD reading; ladies 10c, gentlemen 25c. 625
Minna St., downstairs. . . :
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c, gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clairvoyant, palmist, gives
names;: advice all matters. 15&3 Market,, nr. 12. !
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader.- 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
] MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
j MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry; j
truth or no pay; 2."c. 1149 Mission, over store. ;
: MMF. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; '
I sit, ings daily. 448^ Jessie st., bet sth and 6h. !
! MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business '
! advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
I i
I CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
i WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- I
ing Works, 3£3-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
I MODERN Co. ' steam cleaning. 3c; laying;
j cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission. j
1 AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning, !
Sc; renovated: relaid. 105 14th tel. Capp 2542. i
1 ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Suttee st. ; 1
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop, i
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating, works: prices j
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Work*, i
33 Golden Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCH-ELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
V COLLECTION OFFICES.
! GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85, 916 Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211.
DENTISTS.
i A-DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market street, !
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices j
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50; :
t artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and j
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal . plate, $15;.
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to $10; teeth j
¦ without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, I
! $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of- |
! fice hours 9a.m.to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to j
j 2p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager, j
i EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
! and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
; ' -wonderful secret, painless* method 20 years' I
i experience; no students; advice free; prices |
I cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
I DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,'
x warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillings. j
50c; plates, $5. full- set; all work painless and ;
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth. |
j AMALGAM fillings, $1: silver fillings, 50c; gold
1 01 porcelain crowns, $5; set of teeth, $7;
j teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tists, 969 Mission st., southeast corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full Bet of teeth, $4; crowns, $3: fillings, 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental . work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. £ DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c .plates $5 up;phone Polk 1135. |
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg. I
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
j INVESTIGATIONS !.~civiI "and" criminal; reliable
and efficient work guaranteed. Address D. I
LE VAN. 314 Leavenworth st. '
DOG HOSPITALS. <
I DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye. ! .
I "^^~~— — * s
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
' McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
, Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
! FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILOBR. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
I HEALD'S SHOOL OF ELECTRICAL^NGI^
NEERING — demonstration, construc-
i tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
I practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. . - ¦ ¦
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
¦ $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business "education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc. > experienced teachers ;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free, j
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST., !
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment: ;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining |
engineering; day and night ; catalogue free.
A — The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER- I
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
, lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. ,. 305 Larkin st.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc. Prof. DeFllippe' s Academy
of Languages, Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
Leo Cooper's School of _ s Acting, 814 Geary,- st.
. day and even, classes; send for new circular.
, EDUCATIONAL— Continued. > I
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. :
MERRILL-MILLER Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— CiviI.' elec.. mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR,. the expert, 220 Parrott building.
j A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
I Gregg shorthand costs only $60. 1 Ban Fran- |
cisco Business College, 1236 Market at. I
ENGLISH Latin, Mathematics, Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago i Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th —
. Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st. -.' ."
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable . housecleanlng; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
GEORGE KINOCHITA, 783 Haight et., near
Scott; tel. Fell 5046; branch 605 Stevenson St.,
I cor. Seventh; tel. Folsom 2711.
I JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
I cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
1 AOKI & CO., 421 Post. St.; tel. ,- Bush 135. .
CHINESE and Japanese Employment . Office-
Best help. 41iy 2 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
I CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
, ¦' help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
I ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
I nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
' RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main-518>5.
I EMPLOYEE*' T WAXTKD PEJIALE,
i WANTED— honorable, intelligent middle-
i aged lady, . position as companion, housekeep-
er or position of trust; wages no object; pleas-
| ant home. Box 1558, Call office. _^
A PROTESTANT woman, first-class American
cook, ' elegant baker, particularly clean, good
managing housekeeper; moderate wages; good
city references. oil Bryant st. '¦
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat, economical
cook, fond of children, good references, wishes
. to go as housekeeper; wages $12; no postals.
Call at 1020 Howard st., room 6. :
GOOD cook wants situation; city or country.
148 Sixth St., room 75. •¦''¦ '
GIRL wishes situation for general housework;
wages $20, Call at 1212 Scott st, near Ellis.
RELIABLE elderly woman wishes position to
do light housework in small family; good
plain cook; no children; no postals. 521 Stev-
| enson st., near Sixth.
WOMAN wishes washing and ironing and gen-
eral work by the day; $1 50 per day. 148
Sixth St., room 22.
I WANTED— By 2 strong German girls, washing
I or any kind of housework by the day; $1 50
per day. Call or address 128 Eighth st.
WANTED — Place to care for children and sew;
no objection to country. Call 1158 Railroad
aye., East Oakland. ;
FRENCH young lady with best education
wishes a position in a good family to give
lessons to children. Address E. M., 814 Jack-
son st.
' WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 &0 10
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
J CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established :at 1096
Valencia st. ¦;.'.:
EMPLOY WANTED —
I A YOUNG man with good business training
and experience wants position in dry goods or
gent's furnishing store; no objection to coun-
try or small town. Box 1559, Call office.
¦ YOUNG man desires position as collector or
anything here there is a chance for advance-
ment; is well acquainted with the city. Call
or address 211 Bartlett st.
: SOBER man, German, 29. speaks I and writes
I English, wishes position driving grocery, 1
laundry or any light delivery wagon or any
other position; references. Box 1592, Call. .
• FIRST-CLASS coat operator wants a position;
Is also a second cloakmaker operator. Ad-
dress M. GOLDBERG, 226 Seventh st.
j A GERMAN man and wife • without children,
reliable, desire to take charge of country
place. Box 1731. Call office. '..-_ . . :
I MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation to care
for! horses; good gardener; is handy with
¦ tools; private residence. 613 Montgomery st.
WANTED— A chance to learn photography In a
gallery. Box 1589, Call office.
GOOD cook wishes situation for "hotel, restau- '
rant or boarding-house. 62 Second St., rm. 24.
YOUNG man, 26, thorough business education,
good Spanish correspondent, who has trav-
eled In Europe and South America, well ac-
quainted with commission and banking busi-
- ness, desires position; best references on per-
sonal interview; bond if necessary. Box 1496,
. Call, office. ¦ . -.-': : .
I PHOTOGRAPHER, good all round man, wants
position; any branch of the business. Address
box 1456, Call office. . : ¦
I RELIABLE, Intelligent and . energetic sales-
; man with experience wishes . position with '
¦ an established house. Box 1594, Call office. !
GARDENER, steady, competent and reliable,
wants situation. .Please address- box 1569, Call.
SITUATIONS wanted ; by man and wife; wife
is a perfect cook, man perfect gardener and
'.; coachman; lately from the East with the best
references. Please call or address Humboldt
House, 1309 Stockton st. > \
A STRONG reliable young • man with sev-
eral years' experience in liquor work wants
position in any capacity in liquor or wine
house; can do barrel repairing; good refer-
, ences. .'Box 1113, Call office. \ .
! YOUNG married man, reliable' and sober,
wishes position as collector, watchman or
driver, etc.; is well acquainted with the city;
, references. Box 1704. Call office.
I MIDDLE-AGED man wants light work in fac-
tory, store or wholesale house; willing to
work for small wages; has good references.
Address S. M., box 2092. Call" office.' ¦
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with all kinds of
tools, wants steady work any place or in
factory or wholesale house or as watchman;
Al references. M. L.. 719% Bush St.
WANTED— as a waiter by a trustworthy
man; has not much experience; small wages
expected. Box 1956, Call office.
UPHOLSTERER, German, with 3 years experi-
ence, wants position where he could learn
and better himself. Box 1497, Call office.
MAN of 30 wishes position ±as stableman or
driver; active, willing to work. Box J498, Call.
YOUNG man of ability, age 22, wishes to
study under good lawyer; willing; to work.
Box 1461. Call office. . ;
I POSITION wanted as watchman by trust-
worthy man. Address A. H.. 2993 Folsom st.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants situation In
private family; understands any style of cook-
ing. Apply YAMA, '923 Sacramento st. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at ~ 10:<6
Valencia at. ,jl : . ¦ •• ¦' " ¦ : •
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast U nd^nvrTunT^oT^OncT)— We
have 42 oi flees in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott ¦ bldg.
COMPANIES promoted I and I financed, stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions . wanted ; gold
bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st:
-..--...1'. FLATS TO LET. i
NEW upper 10-room flat; bay windows in every
I . room; fine grounds and view. Northwest cor-
I ncr Portola and Duboce Park, off Waller, be-
| tween Stelner and Pierce. ,
! NEW flat, 7 rooms, for rent; furniture for* sale;
vicinity . Broadway • and ' Laguna; ' $25 ; no
j agents. Box 1709, Call office. ¦ .: y¦ ; .
I NEW and cheap; 5 flats; from $22 50 to $30; 7
rooms and bath; all modern ' Improvements;
marine v view. "-. SE. ¦ corner Green and Steiner.
O'FARRELL, ! 1931 and 1933— Modern flats; 6
rooms and bath each; yard, basement; reason-
able rent to good tenants. - ¦ ¦ ' -.
NEW upper flat, 7 rooms and bath. 2336 Pine
st. v corner Steiner. . ..; .-->¦'-.¦ ¦¦.-'.;-. 'w
$22 50—111 LIBERTY et., near Guerrero; hand-
some flat; choice neighborhood.
HAVES, ; 1747, near Modern sunny flats, 4
and 5 rooms. $14 and 1 $20: bath; water free. ' 1
FLATS TO LET Continued.
A MODERN flat. just renovated; 6 rooms and
bath. .7358 Ellis st. * -
POST, 525 A —Flat of 3 rooms; suitable for
offices. .
TREMONT ay., 15& A. near Frederick, Ashbury
' Heights — Upper flat, 8 rooms and bath; new.
VALLEJO, 1220, bet. Hyde and Leavenworth—
Nice flat 7 rooms; rent $20; sun all around.
FLATS TO LET PtK.VISHKU.
A NEWLY furnished flat of 7 rooms; must sell
at once. 1800 O'Farrell at.
- IFRAMESl FRAMES AND PICTURES. ,
CLYDE L. KELLEH. J2S-130 Hayes, nr. V. Ness
¦-Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FIUMTIKE KOU SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
BLACK walnut mantel and sideboard; a great
chance for some builder. 760 Howard st.
FCRMTPItE WANTED.
WILSON buys . all kinds "of household goods.
1710 Market; teL South 413.
10,000 YARDS' old carpets wanted. D. GREEN-
. WALT. 70S Valencia St.; tel. Church 1186.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st', pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis st ; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before r selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHA3. LEVY. 1135 Market
v ; GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price:
* warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant aye.
UKIiP WA.\liil) r'MWIHiM]
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
. 18 waitresses, first-class commercial and city
. hotels, i'M-^2,i: waitress, institution, $20; res-
taurant waitress, $7; lunch waitress, 50 cents;
¦ 2 chambermaids, to wait, $20; chambermaid,
$15; pas.try cook and baker, $30; pantry wo-
man, institution, $25. s ¦ .
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
6 first-class cooks, city and country, $30; 3
second girls, $20 and $25; house girls, nurse
girls, etc.; all reliable positions; best wages.
- MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary. St.
WOMAN for kitchen work, 7 to 6; no Sunday
work; $25; sleep home. MRS. M. E. DAY 4c
CO., 235 Geary at.
WANTED— Cook for institution. $40; German
cook, $35; lady's maid, $25, see lady to-day;
cook, 2 In family, $35; hotel cook; $35; 5 sec-
ond girls, $20; hotel waitresses, $20; restau-
rant waitress, $7-$8 a week; mother and
daughter as cook and. second girl, $35; laun-
dress, $25; parlor maid and waitress, $25; a I
large number of house girls for city and
country, $20-$25. J. F. CKOSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st, V,
>
500 GIRLS to learn to sew in factory: paid
/ while learning. I. MAGNIN, 656 Mission St.,
fourth floor. ¦'. ' -
OPERATORS on children's wear; work in fac-
tory. I. MAGNIN, 656 Mission, fourth floor.
OPERATORS on fine underwear; work In fac-
tory. I. MAGNIN, 656 Mission, fourth floor. \
OPERATORS on ladies' waists; work in fac-
; tory. I. MAGNIN, 656 Mission, fourth floor.
WANTED — Experienced lady wrappers for Jry !
goods. Apply at HALE BROS.', between 3
and 11 a. m.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; good plain cook;
some housework; wages $30; must sleep out.
. Call between 8 and 11 a. m., 2520 Clay st. •
WANTED— GirIs to work on coats. 27 Geary
St. S. N. WOODS.
WAIST hands for dressmaking. 121 Post St.,
room 49. ¦ . ;
CITY experienced millinery saleslady; good
salary; steady position. Box 1587, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced girl for i candy store.
4 Fourth St. 0
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. 16C3
Laguna ft. '
WANTED— First-class buttonhole makers on
coats. Apply 301 Franklin st.
FIFTY girls to shell nuts. California Nutmeat
Co., 123 Clay st. - .
COOK wanted; German preferred. ,1018 Sut-
ter st.
GIRL to assist in housework and take care of
baby. 755 Eddy st.
GIRL generally useful about the house. 110
Olive aye. -. .' ' j
WANTED — hands to work on jack-
. ets. Apply to manager cloak dept. Emporium, j
YOUNG girl wanted to assist in housework, j
Apply 2229 V. Mission st.
YOUNG German girl for light housework and
care of child. 9108 Devisadero st. . . •
WANTED— girl for light housework; j
family of two; $10. 1126 Turk st.
CHAMBERMAID wanted. 434 Fifth st. |
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS & i
CO.'S overall factory, 32% Fremont St.; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS. :
! EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
| llgee shirts; also a few bright girls about IS
years of age for instruction; paid while learn- I
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough !
and Grove sts. " J
WANTED— By wholesale firm, competent sten- i
ographer and typewriter; salary $10, with j
suitable increase after one year if proving I
satisfactory. Address mi own handwriting, j
stating experience, box 1491, Call office. •
SMALL girl, to assist with light housework; |
wages $7. 264 San Carlos; ave., between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth sts., near Mission.
A WOMAN for a position of trust with local j
firm; business experience necessary. Box ]
1571, Call office. . j
WANTED— GirI for cooking, laundry and |
downstairs work. Call Saturday morning, 948 i
Haijrht st. ' ,
YOUNG girl for ' general housework Oakland
2 In family. $20. Box 1494. Call office.
WANTED— Elderly woman to do work for room j
. and board: little wages. 136 McAllister st. 1
A GIRL, German preferred, light housework.
1053 Market st., upstairs. .
I GOOD skirts hands and flitter and neat sew-
ers for ladies' tailoring. 819 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS waist . trimmers. COX, 1514
Pine st .• . .
WAIST finishers. Apply COX. 1514 Pine st. ¦
EXPERIENCED hairdresser and manicure
wanted. Emporium Hairdreaslng Parlor. ' -
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. Belasco & Harris Co.. 541 Market.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200' Geary st
WANTKO— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folpnm Ft.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
ruhscrlptions has been establisned at 1094 1
Valencia ft.
HELP WANTED — ijIALE.
at w" Driswwi & co.'s. city > BT.
Assistant gardener, private place $25 i
Rough carpenter for ranch, steady place.. !
Farmer and grubbing, see boss here $26 j
Middle-aged man for saloon, country .$2O i
Young man to learn bartending. $15 and found '
Laborers for sewer work—.. $2 25 a day I
Scraper teamsters.. .....$2 25 a day
Pick and shovel laborers... $2 25 a day i
2 MACHINISTS. $3 day; 2 chor.emen, $15 and |
$25 and found; fruit farmers and wives, $40 |
,v, v to $45; 4 laborers for mill yard, $26 to $30 and !
found; teamsters, farmers; laundryman, $35
and found; and others. J. F. CROSETT £:
CO., 628 Sacramento st. t X •_.
N ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st— Omnibus,
young man in dining-room, first-class place,-
$35; waiter, hotel, European plan, $30; cook,
plain hotel, $40; dishwasher, $25; vegetable-
' man. etc. "
YOUNG man, who thoroughly understands boys' j
* and children's furpishing goods; state past
experience and salary expected. Address box !
- v: 1560, Call office. -
; ADVERTISING man with $500 capital to pur- j
chas» one-half Interest • in an established
monthly -magazine; principals only. P. 'O.
' box 77. Berkeley, Cal.
WANTED Young man who . is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. . Apply at HALE BROS.',
between 8 and 11 a. m.
; WANTED— Young man , for of flee work; must
be good. at figures; state age, experience and
salary expected. Apply box 1700. Call office.'
WANTED— Young man who is a first-Class
I dress goods salesman; state age, . experience
j ' and ¦ salary expected. Apply box 1699, Call.
ENGRAVERS ' wanted highest '; wages paid.
Apply California Photo Engraving Co., 513
Market st. : '-. , ¦ ...'
WANTED— 2 first-class coat makers for Liver-
. more at once; fare advanced if needed. Ad-
. dress P. O. box 144, : Livermore. Cal. - • ,
WANTED — Male cook for small country hotel ;
: must know. his business; wages $35 per month.
Address l box 1563, Call office. ;
16- YEAR-OLD boy learn trade and run errands;
;$4 a week. Box 1586. Call office
HELP WANTED — MALE— Con. ; ¦'¦.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents... :
634-636 Clay st *
RAILROAD MEN !
.;. UKIAH
UKIAH TO-DAY UKIAH
150 laborers and teamsters Free
50 men, steel, ballast and track gangs
Free Fare Ship Daily
............. MISCELLANEOUS
2 carpenters, $3 day; 3 carpenters, mine com- !
pany, $55 and found: blacksmith, city, $3 50 !
day; 2 painters; horseshoer. city; 3 harness- j
makers; choreman. Catholic institution. $20
and found; stage driver, see boss here, $25
and found; 15 plow teamsters : 10 teamsters,
ranch; 5 4-horse teamsters. $2 25; 10 2-horse ,
teamsters, $2 day; 15 farmers, $26 and $30; •
10 choremen and choreboys, $30, $23 and $20 ;
and found; 6 stablemen; 15 milkers; milker, |
city dairy. $35 ' • - I
LABORERS
10 laborers, mine $75 |
5 laborers, another mine, fare- $2 40 .". I
4 $37 50 and found ]
10 laborers, city $27 50, board and room .
5 laborers, San Mateo County ....$6O j
15 laborers, fare 30c $34 and found |
.:. HOTELS. ETC ."
Second cook, camp. $35 and found; second
cook, plain hotel. $35 and found; 5 cooks.
hotels and restaurants; 10 waiters; second
baker, city; kitchen hands: 15 milkers; milker,
city dairy, $35; washers and others;
butcher, country, fare paid
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay it.
FOR the country— and wife coachman and
cook; references required; answer by letter.
Box 100. Menlo Park, San Mateo County.
WANTED — barber for Saturday and Sun-
day. 604H Broadway.
BARBER steady for Saturday night and Sun-
day. 1310 Castro st.
BARBER wanted; union man; steady. 307
McAllister st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
132 Pacific st. ; good wages.
CASH boys wanted with references. Apply at
LIVINGSTON BROS., 123 Post st.
WANTED— Errand lioy about 16 years. 942
¦Market st. ' • •
WANTED— Experienced bootblack. Inquire Cal-
lfornia Hotel barber shop. ¦ : ; '
WANTED— Driver solicitor. Union Dye Works,
1643 Market st.
WANTED— at 564 Geary st
OFFICE boy 15 or 16 years old who lives at
home. Address S. S., box 1698. Call office.
WANTED— boy about 16 years of age in
wholesale house. Address box 1697, Call.
wanted— for bottling; no inexperienced
help need apply. 321 Market st.
WANTED— finisher. 333 Post st.
WANTED— Assistant bookkeeper. ' 338 Post st.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $125; $70
¦ month; no experience. 1221 Market st., room 1.
YOUNG man to work in tin shop, 16 years. Ap-
ply 7 to 9, 533 Mission st.
WANTED— Good bread baker. 11l Larkin st.
WANTED— A good bedmakei% Dewey House.
32 East st.
RESPECTABLE old gentleman for light steady
work; small wages; references. 473 Valencia.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
"WANTED— first-class night cook at 304 Ma-
son st; wages $10 a week.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 108 Hayes st.
WANTED— A young man to work In kitchen,
$30. Tivoli Cafe. 18 Eddy st.
A HANDY man around hotel. Hotel Montrose,
corner Van Ness aye. and /3eary St.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 527 Clay st.
JAPANESE boy, light housework, plain cook-
ing; $15. Call after 3:30. 2814 Howard St.
COAT, • vest ,aud pants makers wanted, apply
1 a. m.. Stevenson st. entrance. CHARLES
LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED— Seattle, a first-class dyer and
scourer. PARISIAN DYE WORKS. 141S Ist
aye. Apply 248 Twelfth st. city.
WANTED— Reciuits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; cot
lets than 0 feet 4 inches and not over 8 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
otfloe. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush I
and shovel men to work on ditch Una being
constructed for the Sweepstake "Mining Co., !
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on '
I work; steady work, good board and best j
wages in State. San Francisco Construction •
Co.. 26 Montgomery st. room 25, San Fran- :
cisco, Cal.
WANTED — A gentlemen of good address and 1
education who can approach best people; sal- !
ary; hijrh-class 'position for right man. Call i
room 61, ' Market st. t
ERRAND boy about 14 years of age for hard-
ware store: write in own hand, giving age,
• schooling and experience; no smokers need I
apply. Box 1707. Call. I
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to knew ;
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per ~night ; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks j
: required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
COATMAKERS and pants and vest makers
for the country. Apply REISS BROS., 24
Sutter st.
WANTED— A first-class window dresser and !
¦ salesman for a tailoring establishment. Ad-
dress box 1572. Call office.
WANTED— Sober man with $75 can make $15—
$18 per week; no risk. 78 Third St., room 2.
WANTED— Strong boy as assistant porter, etc.
Address box 1403. Call.
BAKER; one -who has worked in pie bakery.
Noon hour, 116 Erie st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
MANUFACTURING Jeweler; first-class wages! !
Baldwin, Jewelry Store. 846 Market st.
BARBERS — Good young union barber wanted i
Saturday and Sunday. 1759 Union st.
WANTED— boys. Apply bet. 8 and 11 !
a. m. HALE BROS. (Inc.).
FOR sale — Two-chair barber shop; no reason- ¦
able offer refused. 222 Gough st.
WANTED — A man to repair gas meters
WIESTER & CO., 22 Second St.. S. F.
WANTED— Strong, Intelligent boys, 18 to 20
• years, to learn machinist trade. 505 Mission. !
WANTED— Shirt polisher. Oakland Laundry
Co.. 690 Twenty-ninth St., Oakland. -
FOR SALE— Barber sliop of 3 chairs and fix-
tures; located 4 years; cheap. Inquire at Call. j
METAL engraver and wood engraver for Salt I
Lake; fare paid if necessary; can work to i
repay. Box 1499. Call. j
WANTED — Iron molders and machinists at 505
Mission st. . S
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second- '
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. ¦ 241 Third st. >
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c '
to 50c. 563 Mission st, bet. Ist and 2d sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard. :
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 7Co rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
¦ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- :
lencia • st. • '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HOKSKS A.\l> WAGONS.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. November 6, at 11 a. m., at the '
Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
i army horses, suitable for all business pur-
; poses, just arrived. JOHN H. ALTON.- at ,
Chase & Co. gales yard. 1722 Market st.
FOR sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable.
1375 Eddy st., a fine lot of carriage, road and
business horses.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton' express wagon."
one gurney; all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL'MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
I WANTED— Horse, buggy and harness for
1 ' board and care: good care given. Address
C. H. P.. 311 Fulton st.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands: sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle business
_ ana road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. aye.
CHEAP— New panel body dellveryTTTaundry" I
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 823 Harrison. !
ALL kinds of wagons, busies. carts.Tarness.j
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st !
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
¦camping, wagon for sale, cheap. .. 532 Mission. |
A WEEK'S news for 5 — The Weekly Call '
— 1- pages. in wrapper for mailing, SI per year. •¦
j HOSPITALS. . f
M £?\ T ,£ L ,* nd n< rvous diseases cared for at ST.
I ELMO HOSPITAL, 230 Douglass st., S. F. j
HOUSES TO liKT. _f
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
6 SUNNY rooms and bath, newly painted and
papered; rent very reasonable. 354 San Jose
aye.. between Guerrero and Valencia sta.
HOUSES TO» LEX— -FXRXISHEJL>.__
lIOO^MAGNIFICENT 10-room newly furnished
home for rent; all improvements; electrio
lights; furnace: two bathrooms, etc.; Presi-
dio Heights; marine view. Box 1607. Call.
LOST AMD FODSp.
LOST— Between Haight and Steiner and Van
Ness anfl Market sts.. alligator purse contain-
ing $90 in gold and one key. A liberal reward
to finder by returning same to 32 Stockton st.
LOST— October 31, 1901. on Brannan st. be-
tween Second and Fifth, a hydraulic pump.
Return to 110 Battery st. and receive a liberal
reward.
WILL the person who found the purse on Stan,
yan St., near Parnassus aye., containing J8 50,
return It to 221 Parnassus aye. and receive
reward? . ;
CERTIFICATE of deposit on the Nevada Na-
tional Bank in favor EMMET CARTER tNo.
6,490) for $140. ' Box 1553. Call office. ;
LOST— Black cocker spaniel bitch about 4
months old; liberal reward. J. ANTHONY, 5.
Third st. ___________
LOST— foxterrier pup; all white except ear*
and head. Return to 1296 ShotweU St. and
receive reward. -^^
LOST— On San Leandro road, gold cigar cutter.'
Add. F. MALONE, 233 Kearny at.. Bulletin.
LOST— A key to Yale lock with tag attached.
Return to 769 Market st. ¦
LOST— passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ARMIN B. LEUPOLD; No. 209-137.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— foxterrier bitch, yellow head and ears.
black spot over tail. Return to 814 Pace st.
and receive reward. ¦ _
MONDAY— SmaII gold watch, long chain at-
tached; marked in case "Ira to Emily." Re-
turn to 639 Ellis st. and receive reward.
FOUND — On Minna st.. between Fourth and
Fifth, a purse. Call at 126 Fifth st.
FOUND— October 17. on Stelner st. gold pearl-
set' ring. Apply 1310 Laguna st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sntter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al caroet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421.
£ . ... .. _ MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 1857; reliable and
confidential; list, 10c Mrs. Herts. 706 Bills st.
MILLINERY, ___ '
STRIKING original designs, becoming effects.
new or old material. M. Oliver. 978 A Geary.
•;, .".'-¦ MEDICAL. C
DR. CDONNELL— AII who are sick and in )
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female -complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market St., opp. Filth.
Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University,
lin; 23 years' experience in midwifery cases;
utmost confidence can be placed in her: takes
& treats^dies before & during confinement:
best care, attention; confinement $13: board $4
week; infants adopted. 3327 IStti it.; Mis?:on-
st. carj; consultation free; phone Capp 2803.
MRS. D. WTETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladies' specialists for female complaints: in-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell st. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
THE original MRS. DA VIES i 3 still located at
. 1228 Market; maternity home provided: office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice in
S. F. ; maternity home, fee low. 306 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opposite .
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont m.
.
-BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we car ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019^ 1u21. 1023
Mission st, above Sixth: write for catalogue.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Rlsdon Iron
Works, cor. Howard and Beale sta.
LOT machine shot) tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers, etc.: also wood- working tools, such a«
band Raws, wood planers, shapers, sticker*.
mortisers, saws. etc. J. B. JARDINE, 330
Fremont St. '
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watches,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc., is beins: in-
augurated at the Portland Loan Office. 25
Stockton st. All you need is a very small
deposit. I "
RETIRING from business; we are selling out
cur stock of pictures, frames, moldings at a
reduction of half off; must close out every-
thing by Dec. 15. JONES & CO.. 704 Larkin.
A— BUYS. sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. . 253-255 Spear St.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stone
bought. T. FERSHTAND. 126 Kearny St..
room 29. '
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and ¦
boilers boujrht and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
9-17 Stevenson St.. near First.
ADMINISTRATOR'S Estate of W. A.
Hartter; a full line of photo supplies, grapho-
phones. records, etc. ' Rm. 513, Examiner bldg.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
A — 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
2D-HAND pipe. 4, S, 2. 1, %, in.; half price
of new. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission at.
CASH register (Hallwood): brand new; reduc-
tion of $55. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California St.
8 HP. boiler and 6 hp. automatic engine: com-
plete, perfect. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and slzej.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mllision st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
- mailing. 109 . Montgomery st. -
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress A Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton.
BOATS, launches, rowboata carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD St BRECK. 131 Post St.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Second-hand upright otano for ,
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1708 Market st. y
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tot. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO jLOAjr.^^^^^
A^-MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
' mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
A NEW idea in the money-lending business Is
being tried by the Portland Loan Office. 23
Stockton at; phone Bush 434. If you need
money phone us and the manager of our
loan department will call on you and loan
you money at low rates on your diamonds,
watches, sealskins, etc.. or else you can call
at our office. All business confidential.
ANY AMOUNT AT I PER CENT.
First second and third mortgages ••
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate...
Mortgages and legacies bough:; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
_"...:. R. McCOLGAN
'_][]['. 24 Montgomery st. . room 3
$"50 000— EASTERN capital to loan at low rats
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages city or town properties, undivided in-
t east's in real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 75
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER. 397,. g
Parrott building. jA
O V furniture pianos and . other ¦ collateral?. '
lowest rates; quick; by private party. 850
Market St., room 10. __^^
8% on furniture and pianos; $13 up; no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81, 8 Eddy st."vaNT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
. second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies.- undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
l?t floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 6C3 Examiner building—
$S.Mp,GCO s.t 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERriAN MURPHY, COS Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided rests; chat-
tel mortirag-es. etc D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building. 206 Kearny St.. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1565. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, Jewelry,
pianos ana sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant aye.. near Market Et. ; tel. Black 6471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A MILLION" at 4 per cent ; smaller amounts at
6; city or farm property; long time; state
amount desired and location of property. P.
O. box 20"3.
MUNTCTPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ar«.. near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, 11-
braries, goods In warehouse, etc. ; any amount;
lowest rates; private. Ormsby, 26 Montgomery.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
i r.lture or pianos without removal ;any amount ;
N lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
#500.000 AT 6 per" cent in sums to suit in city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out ¦ ndorser or on mortgages at < per cent per !
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building. !
LO"XEST rates on furniture, etc., by private I
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Room S, Conservatory bldg., SOI Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 6S.
!>-•¦«¦ rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
copur.la. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1706 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal; !
strictly private. LICK. U« McAllister st
ONE per cent on furniture: J5 a month on each
flOOC'; any security. 302 •Montgomery St., r. 1.
IF you wt.nt a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. Ev RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
OX SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
eitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
THE TOL'SLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. £21 Parrott building. _
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
both r.ew and second hand, is the largest
west cf Chicago and Includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos i
sold upon easy payments of $6 per month; ]
some gocd pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month, i
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, \
Tsarny and Sutter 6ts., San Fran- j
cisco; ccrner Broadway and Thirteenth st., I
Oakland. I
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano |
Co.. sole agents most famous and oldest Amer- •
ican makes: easy payment*: big allowance for I
econd-hand pianos; rents $2 up allowed; bar- i
jralns, ja up; Steinways, $ISS; Chickerlngs, |
$135; 50 others; agents wanted. We pay your
fare to zni from any part of California If you !
purchase 217 Geary st.
AX unusual chance to get a good piano for a
low price is offered any one who will call on
us &t once; we will show how you can save
from JlCfl to $130 in buying from us; we want
your patronage and are willing to pay for it.
THE ZJ:NO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Mar-
ket st.
ATTENTION BARGAIN HUNTERS — '
Second- land upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-iiand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SOX. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Mason
&nd Kanl'n. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 2C>c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE SO
O'Farrell st; established 1850.
A SMALI, Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut
case Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck
oak cauie: Hardman square, $46; organs $25
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St.. IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
A FACT worth remembering Is this, you get
*- your moneys worth when you buy a piano !
' from uh; we sell the famous Decker & Soa !
end Ba.umelster: cash or payments THM ''
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 799 "Market st.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
etrlke lias placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory price*; second-hand pianos for a song I
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1706 Market st.
PIANOS~The most modern and up-to-date-
Steck. Everett. Conover, Packard. Ludwlg,
Hardman arid many others; -wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market St..
S. P.; Branch Store. 951 Broadway, Oakland).
LARGEST standard upright piano; little used;
going East account death; sacrifice, 602 Eddy.
NEW Piano, pianola and music on sale; great
bargain ; party going away. 217 Geary st.
6TEINWAY upright, second hand, wanted for
cash; state price. Box 1959, Call office.
t~i— "FTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
urright. nearly new. $99. 217 Geary st
SUPERI ~>R violins, zithers, old and new. H.
.LER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
EOHMEIt! Byron Maury. Lester Hamilton,
gplelmann pianos. 308 Post st. '
GOOD .second-hand upright for sale cheap
SCHMJTZ, IS McAllister st.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung'g. 216 McAllister.
AT KE3FTE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shonir.;?er, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. S COTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
V -J^Ti^ CES A\D STORES TO LET.
! A— ELEGANT corner etore, new complete fix-
tures. irrocery and bar. 999 McAllister st.
BOOM, light, phone; suitable for designer or
rard xrritpr: ta. Inquire 1008 Mission St.
OIL.
OIL tanks, eecond-hand. in good order: all
sizes: -h^ap. H. B. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist, SIS
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; teL Black 661.
NEERGAARD. president St. Germain College,
reads from 1 to 6. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
PAJMtItS AND DECORATORS.
J. C. MAINE, 640 G. G. aye.; phone Polk 1423;
beet quality work; lowest prices; get figures.
BOOMS papered. $3 up; whiting done. HART-
MAN Paint Co.. 819 Third; phone Red 8521.
PABTXERS WASTED.
WANTED— Partner who understands bee«. Pa**.
tlculart address Adam Miller, Vallejo. CaL
PEUSOSALS. - .
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
et, largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
NOTICE to storekeepers and publio In general— '
I will lot be responsible for any debts con-
/ tracted by my wife. EMERY L. MORRIS-
^ SON, after November .1. 1901.
S^, ALBERT C. MORRISSON.
AN eIT nt line of remnants for suits to or-
der. $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair Qf pants free of charge; other 6ults on iii-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket Bt., between Seventh and Eighth.
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever.
painleec and without «car, with electricity, by
MISS GEUBEB, the cosmetio artist. MM
Eighteenth et., cor. Guerrero; tel. Blu« 1381.
bo you writ* adsT Send address to-day on
your business stationery for Invaluable - la-
format; free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus,
Ohio. ; •
14RS. ERIGGS. dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
moles, ether facial blemishes permanently re-
moved without pain or scars by the latest
electric appliances. 968 Butter; tel. Larkln 1171.
ONE BO'.TLE of Plnus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 60 per bottle. For circulars, Plnus Med.
Co., iU Valencia st. 6. F. ; teU Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester |
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
250 to II 60 per night; $1 80 to M per week;
free 'but ana baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guuss? You can be certain of style and
fit by uting Standard Pattern*; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
ADELINA PATTT'B Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth- 60c, postpaid; free demon-
k come and Bee us. Bon-Ton, 824 Poet.
/¦kpERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1118 Sutter st.
A— IF your hair Is fating or you are bald, call on
&r.G.&.tloore, 232 O'Farrell; send for circular. I
PERSOSALS^-Contlnned.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mine. Zephey
Kla-ora. parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
THE latest fancy styles of hairdresslng for
parties 25c; one price only. G. LEDERER,
123 Stockton et. \
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legiti-
mate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bide., rooms 323-324, S. F. ; tel. South 381.
AT cash prices; ladies* tailor-made suits, coats,
eilk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc. : weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 15S Fifth Bt.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna St.
— VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 736 Valencia ex., bet. 18th and 19th.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
Superfluous hair removed free for 1 week by
elec. needle. Dr. Lula Brooks, Mission & 16th.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; tl; at all druggists.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. El 3 McAllister st.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission St.; phone Folsom 2528.
j MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
I country orders. GOLDSTEIN & C 0. .733 Markt.
I 800 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
| NEXJHAUS & CO., tailors, 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 BO; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggifts.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bcupht. J. R. JENKEL, Sl7 Market st.
FLAKING AXD TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, "Shaping
fend Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. So Fremont St.
riIYSICIAXS and surgeons.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
IC2U4 Market Ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
l
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 . Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-76S Clay st. ; see testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
$4400— A GREAT bargain; 22 lots in heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot.
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY",
395-396 ¦ Parrott building.
FOR — $2250; cottage, 6 rooms, bath and
garden. Apply on premises, 1249 Union St.,
near Hyde, from 1 to 3.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms and one of 3 rooms; 50x150;
4C2 Douglass st., near 21st; must be sold. Call
- after 2 p. m., or at 310 Noe st.
' $350 EACH — Corner lots: Eugene aye. ; frontage
j 3 streets; graded; cash or install. 260 Jessie.
WE have cash buyers for improved property.
; DONNELLY & CO., 632 Market St.
i FOR sale— Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and yard: half cash. 3022 Pierce st.
I REAL ESTATE COUNTRY Sale
i SALE NRAE^A^^RANCISCO^^
—
Small tracts, $60 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
1 to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st., for pam-
phlets and Information.
$2300— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado Co.. near R. R. Box 222. Call.
! POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
( free list. C. R. WIXFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA .REAL ESTATE.
! BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; M cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AUCTION AUCTION ! ! AUCTION ! ! ! ' .
AUCTION: AUCTION.. AUCTION!!!
AUCTION ! AUCTION ! AUCTION
AUCTION ! AUCTION ! AUCTION !
I AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION. AUCTION.!!
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON cV CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. :
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., .
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON * CO..
(Successors to -William J. Dlngee.)
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS. ".
REAL .* ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
«.t
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Special Credit Sale of
m £8 88 m
CHOICE RESIDENCE! LOTS. •
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. ''
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE - LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
Facing West Street,
Market Street.
Ssth Street and 36th Street.
SATURDAY. November 2. 1901.
At 2 p. m.
AT SALESROOM, 903 BROADWAY.
These lots are surrounded by new homes
and more sire In course of construction.
The street work is complete. Terms only
1-6 cash; remainder in easy Installments.
Carriages at office for inspection of property.
Office open evenings by appointment.
Installment or flat loans negotiated for home-
builders.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. .
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. '
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
For catalogues and other particular! apply to
WOODWARD. WATSON ft CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.
WOODWARD, WATSON A CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON A CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON . ft CO.. ¦/ :
(Successors to William J. Dlngee.)
Real Estate Auctioneers,
903 Broadway. Oakland. \
THE SAN FRANpiSCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
— FINE, large," comfortable, 8-room cottage
with bath and all modern improvements and
ell In good condition; select central residence
location, on Myrtle st. ; lot 55x125 feet; sunny
' front; easy walk from local station; rents for
$24 per month; terms can be arranged.
. • * GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., \
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
WE have for sale within 3 minutes' walk of
the City Hall 3 houses, ranging in size from
D to 7 rooms, in different locations; all central
and very desirable and In first-class condition;
well rented for $15 to $22 50 per month price
$2500 each; full and detailed descriDtion of
each one will be furnished on application.
• GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
-¦ ¦ 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES I TO LET.
— BEAUTIFUL home, 7 rooms • and bath;
best portion of Oakland; 4 blocks from train
to San Francisco; V 4 block from electric cars;
location is central; just the place for a party
who goes to the city daily.
— Completely furnished new residence, 8
rooms and bath; everything up-to-date; see
these at once. - '• • -.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
¦ ..-¦•.-¦ . 1160 Broadway.
— —^^^—^—^— — — »^^»—
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
TENTH, Beautiful sunny rooms; excellent
home table; terms moderate: references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE, j
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland;
BERKELEY- ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
, , -.,> -•- .-, nj o - -, . ¦ •- . ¦-¦--'
$2000— NEW 5 ahd 6 room cottages at Golden
Gate and Lorin and Ashby stations; only $200
down, balance $20 per month; one block to
train and electric cars; porcelain bath, tiled
sink, stationary tubs, coved ceilings, tinted
walls, gas fixtures, sideboard, sewer and
water all connected; ready to move into.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$100— LOT 20x127.
$200— 50x133. f . ' ¦
$300— 40x120; fenced and barn.
$400— Lot 60x135; corner.
$500 — Lot 60x135; street work done.
$150— Acre lots. • .
Send for maps of the Wheeler Tract; grand-
est view in Berkeley; street work all done;
will double Inside of 2 years; prices range
from $500 up. . ¦ ¦• • .
V W. C. MORAN & CO.
Lorln Station, and Schmidt Block, Berkeley.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 939—3 or 4 furnished or unfurnished
sunny rooms; private residence; conveniences;
phone.
FIFTH, Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $15; three, $16; also single. $4, $5 and up.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 409— Front alcove and
kitchen completely furnished. '•
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 641— Two' bright sunny
rooms for housekeeping; basement. Call
from 9 till 10:30 a. m. ¦
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny connecting completely
furn. rms. ; running water, range, etc. ; $10.
JACKSON, 920, near — Large furnished
room; grate; or housekeeping; $7, .$B. .
MCALLISTER, 536— Sunny furnished suites; gas
range, sink, laundry; $10 and $12.
MISSION, 945. near Sixth— 2 large sunny rooms
complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1125%— Suite housekeeping rooms, $2-
52 25. , •¦ ¦ .¦ " ;
OAK, 119—2 front basement rooms, furnished
for housekeeping, $10; single room, $7; sunny.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary — Sunny furnished
parlor and kitchen; gas stove; cheap.
PAGB, 1138— unfurnished ' housekeeping
rooms; bath; closets, pantry, etc.
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely,
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
POWELL, 1401 — Large sunny bay-window room;
also 2 rooms for housekeeping; gas and bath.
STOCKTON, 1307— furnished rooms for
housekeeping; very cheap. . -
TEHAMA. 478, near 6th— 2 sunny front rooms
for housekeeping; no children; $9.
VALENCIA. — Sunny alcove room furnished;
light housekeeping; gas, bath, tubs. ' ¦;..-.-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and •
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ ;'.::'-"; '.::'-"
CLASFIFIED advertisements and subscriptions.
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore «t.
ROOMS TO — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
ARGTLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
gunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
place like the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 2oo rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
A SUNNY suite and singles, neat and clean;
bath, phone; prices low. 332 Stockton St.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 788— Furnished rooms for gentlemen at
$7 and $8 per month; private; references.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
COUPLE will rent unfurnished sunny front suit
In Dew flat: also other room, with use of
laundry; reasonable. 2945 Fillmore st.
EDDY, Newly furnished parlors suitable
for two gentlemen; gas and bath. ;
FOURTH, Sunny rooms;, gas and bath;
call after 6 p. m. . -
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites ; single ;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
FRONT room, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen,
with private family. 637 O'Farrell st . s
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 641— Bright sunny and
nicely furnished room for gentleman; bath.
Call from 9 till. 10:30 a. m. . .-.-..
GOUGH. Nicely furnished sunny rooms
with hot and cold water; gas; bath. -
; HARRISON, 784%. near Fourth— Finely ' fur-
nished rooms; bath; all latest conveniences;
I homelike; $1 week up.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
• take Market-st. cable cars to Turk s^
HOWARD. 761%— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window and other rooms; reasonable. . ;•
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished; 1 or 2 persons; gas and grate; $7 & $8.
LEAVENWORTH, 227— 510; large furn. light
front rooms; closets; run. water; cor.- house.
LEAVENWORTH. 401. cor. Ellis— 1 furnished,
1 unfurnished adjoining room; running water;
gas;' sunny; 1 bath; 's7 and $4.
MISSION, 1738 — 4 sunny side rooms furn. com-
plete for housekpg.; private family, bath; $10.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— fur-
- nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NICELY furnished sunny room, $8; Western
. Addition. Box 1574. Call office.
O'FARRELL, -20— Sunny furnished •, rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, — Pleasant and sunny rooms;
private family.
ROYAL House, 126. Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. :.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER, 1278— A fine room for 1 or 2; use of
bath; $10. . ....-¦¦ :
SIXTH, Newly furnished rooms to let.
SUTTER, 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient
BUTTER, 1105— Large, sunny i rear rooms;
closet; running water; $8 and $9 a month. !
TWENTY-THIRD, 8326, near Mission—
comely • furnished 6 rooms and bath; piano;
no children; reference. ¦
WANTED — to room, 'rent $6. with
Spanish family; reference. 925 Jackson st. !
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st - ' • ¦ .'
ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE CECILERN-E, 930 -Van Ness aye. .
THE CORBIN, 836 Sutter— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table, v
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 318— Sunny front room;
first-class board; references.
SUNNY front parlor suite with board for 4 In
private family, $.10. 516 Jones st ;. telephone.
1 ROOMS AND BOARD— -Continued.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel ; exceptional table; attractive rms.
VAN NESS ' aye.. 850— Handsomely furnished
rooms, with board; use parlor, piano, phone.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms, j
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. -
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Exceptio-
nally fur, suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
ROOMS AM3 BOARD WANTED. :
GERMAN couple wants " board • and lodging
across the bay in plain family. . 916 Capp st.
. ROOMS WANTED.
LADY with piano desires large sunny unfur-
nished room; willing to teach in exchange as
part payment; neighborhood I. O. O. F. build-
lng. Box 1561, Call office.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM. ~~
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM, 1206 Market St.; treatment free ; only
Invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~ vj
THE following children have been received in
the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children, 1534
Mission st., since July 1, 1901: Albert Halght,
half-orphan, age 5 years 2 months; John B.
. Conway. half-orphan, age 3 years 1 month;
Edwin Duggan, . half-orphan, age 5 • years . 7
months; George' Kelly, half -orphan, age 1
year 1 month; infant girl 1 day old.
BAD tenants ejected for M: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and aliments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck.l9ls Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates.Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought. Fold, rented, ' exchanged; re-
pairlng;lowest rates; phone Mint 45. . 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.- ¦
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. ;
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGA^nT7n~TYPEWRITERS— We
Bell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. . The . Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors :estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
— —
PROPOSALS. ~~~
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies.—
of Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco
Cal., October 30, 190 L —Sealed proposals for
furnishing and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence supplies, delivered at such
wharf or such warehouses in San Francisco
Cal., as per circular, to be seen at this office'
will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m.',
Tuesday., November 19, 1901, and opened Im-
mediately thereafter in presence of bidders.
Specifications, general instruction to bidders
and blank form of proposal will be furnished
to established dealers on application to W H
BALDWIN, Major and C. . S., U. S. Army,*
Purchasing Commissary. -
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: -. ; . ::;. : -¦
Patrick J. McCarthy, 26, 160 First street, and
Nora Lehane. 25,- 160 First street. "
Frank Baronie, 42, city, and Margarethe C
Tiedemann, 30, city. ' -
Arthur E. Kellom, 21, 2924 Folsom street, and
Ada E. Tracy, 18, 1416 Taylor street.
Arthur P. Buckley, 29, 181 Harriet street,
and Isabella A. Mathews, 20, 91 Chesley street
John E. O' Sullivan, 42, city, ' and Anna Ed-
wards, 38, city. ¦¦..•• --. : . ;
John Burns.. 30, 405 Clementina street, and
Mary McGorls, 25, 748 Folsom street.
John Gibson,- 30, Cienega; and Ella Alexan-
der, 28, Cieneca. ¦;¦..:¦¦*. : > • '. .
Frank B. Boell, 26, 503 Greenwich street, and
Laura L. Kramer, 18, 904 Greenwich street.
'Joseph Coward. '..2B, '-318 Minna street, and
Lizzie Fermell, 17, 320 Minna street. , /
. Frank V. Carlson, 23. West Berkeley, and
Mary S. Morlet, 21, city. •¦ -. • ;.;••
Benjamin F. Hendryx, 43. Bodie, and Julia
C. Harrell. 42. 472 Hayes street. ' '.
'¦ -.'Edward T. Winter, 24, Sacramento, and Jes-
sie F. Pate. 19, Sacramento. ': ±, ¦¦,.¦::...':¦¦-¦
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.- .
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. .
BORN".
BAUMAN— In this city, October 29, 1901, to
. the wife of L. Bauman, a son. '
LIGHT— this city, October. 27, 1901, to the
wife of Max E. Llcht, a son.
MERCER— In this city, October 28, 1901, to the
wife of W. S. Mercer, a daughter. . ] .
THONEY— In this city, October 15, 1901. to the
wife of Charles H. Thoney, a son. :
" ~~~ MARRIED.
NICOLAUS— BECK— In this city, October 26
1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Frledrich
Nicolaus and Alice Beck. ¦- f" ..
HOFFMANN— In this city, October
SO. 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng; George
Perry and Mrs. Ida Hoffmann. • ¦ - :..= .: .
L'ALLEMAND— In this city, Oc-
tober 27, 1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Diederlch J. H. Reltmann and Auguste L' Al-
.; lemand. ...  . .-. ¦
SMITH-SAWYER— In this city, October 30 1901
at Richmond Congregational Church, by the
Rev. Philip Coombe. Alfred Atherton Smith
and Theodora. E. Sawyer, both of San Fran-
cisco. • . • .
¦..-V^:'..I>IED.:-;,.;. ' "*.;
Buck. Nettie D. : McGuire, Francis C. '
Barr, Mary Miller, George
Beamish. John Morris. Mrs. M. ¦
Brown, Phillip P. Mulligan, Patrick
Butler, Bridget B. Murray, Margaret
:*: * Corlnson. Morris and ¦¦ ..Robinet, Eusene
Leah Sawyer, Mabel D. '
Dorland, James F. Schuette, William G
Doxsee, Ester L. Sheerin, Johanna M.
Field, Gertrude Sheldon, Rebecca R.
Foge, Cord. A. C. Shepard, John L N
Gergus, August ¦ Stanton, James ¦;."'-..
Jacobi, Jacob Stewart, Mary ¦ ' • •
Kluber, Jos?ph Strauss, Maria H. - -
MacCabe, Kathrlne . Strominger, Julia '
McGlew, Annie , Turner, Emily :V
BARR— In this city, October 31, 1901, at her
residence, 210 Fourteenth street, Mary, be-
loved wife of Daniel Barr, a native of Ire-
land, aged .60 years. - -
BEAMISH— this city, October 31, 1901, John,
. beloved husband of the late Mary Beamish,
and father of Robert and Samuel Beamish
and Mrs. J. Kelly, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 58 years.- ••
(C?" Remains at the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice of fu-
neral . hereafter.
BROWN— In this city, October 31, 1901, Phillip
P. Brown, dearly beloved husband of Kate
M." Brown, and loving father of Charles F
Phillip, George C, Joseph A., Albert A. and
Ida Brown, a native of Jersey, England, aged
65 years 7 months and 22 days.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 228 Filbert street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, cofnmencinsr at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUCK— Pasadena, October 29, 1901, Nettle
D., beloved daughter of John A. and the late
Matilda E. Buck, and sister of Emma M
Charles H., John A. Jr., Walter E. and Viola
I M. Buck, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years. .. -.>•¦•.-- ~ .-. • . .-i .
¦' St lC ßemains will be at the family residence
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. -.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
- • Telephone South 80. ;
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
. . San Mateo County.
OFFICE ©16 MARKET-STREET. "
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadclen, 18 years manager, for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Mcßrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-,
lors at 1171 Mission street, .between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. -.„• •--¦¦
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' ¦ Cemetery : Association
Point Lottos aye.. S. F., Cal. ¦ - ; -.
The - ordinance prohibiting burials in > San
Francisco after the first day of , August, 1901,
does not refer .to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes -of their dead. ' . ... .
Permits to cremate will . be issued by " th«
Board of Health the same as heretofore. •
i GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager. ."
in San Rafael on Friday. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
BUTLER-In this city, October 31, 1901, Brid-
get Brandelia Butler, beloved m»ther of Mrs.
AdolDh Bergman, Amelia A. Butler and
George Butler of Dawson City, a native of
Ireland, aged 69 years. (Port Townsend pa-
pers please copy.)
CyNotice of funeral hereafter.
CORINSON— Friends and acquaintances are in-
vited to attend ceremonies connected with
the setting of the memorial stone for Morria
and Leah Corlnson at the Hills of Eternity
Cemetery on Sunday, November 3, at 3
o'clock.
DORLAND— Passed away, in this city, Oc
tober 30, 1901, James F., beloved husband
of Kate S. Dorland, father of Alma E.
Woodman, and brother of R. H. Dorland, a
native of Canada, aged 67 years 7 months
and 12 days.
ETFrienis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3626 Eighteenth street, near Guerrero.
By funeral car to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
DOXSEE— In this city, October 31, 1901, Ester
Loraine, beloved child of Fred and Grace M.
Doxsee, a native of California, aged 3 months
and 9 days.
FIELD— In this city, October 31. 1901, Gertrude,
beloved daughter of James J. and Mary
Field, and sister of Mamie, James, Sarah and
Katie Field, a native of San Francisco, aged
9 months and 21 days.
FOGE— In this city, October 31, 1901, Cord. A.
C. Foise, beloved husband of Isabella Foge,
father of Harriet. Janet and Carsten Foge,
and brother of Mrs. G. Manuel, a native of
Germany, aged 34 years 9 months and 21
days.
GERGUS— In this city, October 31. 1901. Au-
gust, dearly beloved husband of Beta Gergus,
and father of Alfred and Willie Gereus, a
native of Germany, aged 43 years 5 months
and 22 days. A member of Norddeatscher
Verein.
E7"Remains at the parlors of H. F. Buhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
JACOBI— In Exin. Germany. October 16, 1901,
Jacob Jacobi. beloved father of David Ja-
cobi, Mrs. Jennie Joseph and Harry Jacobi
of Oroville.
KLUBER— In this city, October 31, 1901, Jo-
seph Kluber, dearly beloved son of Joseph
and Lizzie Kluber. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aeed 3 years and 7 months.
inTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 842 Filbert street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MacCABE— In this city. October 31, 1901, Kath-
rine, beloved wife of Richard S. MacCabe,
and mother of Robert and Kate MacCabe, a
native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
C7*Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 932 Church street, thence to St. James
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a solemn requiem hi»rh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
¦ tery.
McGLEW— In this city, October 30. 1901, Annie,
beloved sißter of John B. McGlew and Mrs.
L. L. James, a native of San Francisco.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1575 Folsom street* thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MeGUIRE— In Oakland. October 31, 1901, Fran-
cis C. McGuire, beloved husband of the late
Bridget McGuire, and father of Frank J.,
Joseph H., Frederick W. and Agnes L. Mc-
Guire, Mrs. W r . J. McKee and Mrs. Clara
Schweichler, a native of Ireland, aged 61
years.
lE?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Satuiday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1017 Seventh street, thence to the
Chuich of the Immaculate Conception, where
services will be held, commencing at 2
. o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land.
MILLER— In East Oakland, October 31, 1901.
George Miller, a native of Nova Scotia, agej
64 years 4 months and 16 days.
MORRIS— In Livermore, October 25, 1901, Mrs.
Margaret Morris, beloved mother of Mrs.
J. C. Wallman, George Morris and Mrs. D.
C. Brown, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
|C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from the
residence of Mr. D. C. Brown at San Mateo
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10 o'clock.
MULLIGAN— In Auburn, Cal., August 1. 1901,
Patrick Mulligan, beloved brother of John.
James and Owen Mulligan and Mrs. Patrick
Connolly, a native of Bailieborough, County
Cavan. Ireland, aged 34 years and 7 months.
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street. Interment Hoi-- Cross Cemetery.
MURRAY— At the Home for Aged and Infirm
Colored PeoDle at Beulah, October 30, 1901,
Margaret Murray, a native of New York
State, aged 76 years and 10 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlprs
of Albert Brown, 468 Thirteenth street, Oak-
land, under the auspices of Oakland Liter-
ary and Aid and Ladies' Mutual Beneficiary
Society of Oakland.
ROBINET— In this city, October 29, 1901, En-
gene Roblnet. beloved uncle of Mrs. Julie
Dimmer, Jules and Eugene Dimmer and Mrs.
R. Balmforth, a native of France, a,«;ed 71
years 9 months and 9 days.
(TTFriend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
November 3, at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 782 Folsom street, thence to Masonic
Temple, corner Montgomery and Post streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of La Parfaite Union No. 17. Also a mem-
ber of IFraneo-Amerlcan Lodee No. 207, I. O.
O. F. : La Gauloise, and of the Veteran Fire-
men.
SAWYER— In this city. October 31, 1901, Mabel
Doris Sawyer, beloved wife of J. F. Sawyer,
and sister of Mrs. Jennie Moore, a native of
Minnesota, aged 38 years. (Chicago, 111.,
papers please copy.)
[^Notice of funeral hereafter.
SCHUETTE— In this city. October 31, 1901.
William George, beloved son of William and
Marie Schuotte, and brother of Mrs. E.
Stros-s, Alwin T. Schuette and Mrs. V. S.
Walsh, a native of California, aged 25 years
and 4 months.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from the
residence of the parents. 161 Chattanooga
street, to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SHEERIN— In this city, October 31. 1901,
Johanna Mary, beloved wife of John J.
Sheerin, daughter of Johanna and the latf-
Andrew Hennebery, and mother of Andrew,
John and Margaret Sheerin, a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years and 7 months.
[T^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 923 Minnesota street, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing: at 9:15 o'clock. In-
terment Haly Cross Cemetery.
SHELDON— In this city, October 31, 1901, Re-
becca R., beloved wife of the late Edwin E.
Sheldon, mother of Mrs. Clara E. Brewster
of Bancroft, Mich., and Mrs. Helen M. S.
McCllntock, and grandmother of Edwin X.,
Blanche Helen and Clare J. Brewster and E.
Cecil and William Clark McClfntock, a na-
tive of New York, aged 69 years and 11 days.
SHEPARD — In Berkeley, October 30, 1901, John
L. N. Shepard, a native of Long Island,
N. V., aged 84 years. (New York and Penn-
sylvania papers Dlease copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 2703 Dwight way, Berkeley.
Interment private at a later hour at Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
STANTON— In this city, October 81, 1901,
at his residence. 1838 Mission street, James
Stanton, a native of Ireland.
(reinterment strictly private. Omit flow-
ers.
STEWART— In this city, October 29, 1901,
Mary, beloved wife pt George Stewart,
mother of May Stewart, daughter of the late
John and Mary Lynch, and sister of James
Lynch and the late Margaret Robl, a native
of San Francisco, aged SO years 6 months
ana 19 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Fridsy), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STRAUSS— In this city, October 30, 1901, Maria
Hedwlg Strauss, dearly beloved daughter of
Charles and Maria Strauss, a native or Aus-
tria, aged 23 years 4 months and 24 days.
STROMINGER —In Stockton, Cal., Julia
Strominger, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
65 years.
IC?" Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
TURNER— In this city, October 31. 1901. Emily
Turner, wife of the late Richard Turner, an<l
Bister of the late Mrs. Ann Sheppard, a na-
tive of Entrland, aged 70 years.
E7Frlcncls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., 819 O'Farrell street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
Cohn Gets Benefit of Doubt.
A. Cohn, 19 years of age, appeared be
fore Judge Cabaniss yesterday on a
charge of robbery. He was accused of
holding up Mrs. Helen Ellis of 456 Na
toma street on the night of August 25,
along with two other boys, and stealing
her diamond ring and gold watch. The
ring was found upon Cohn, but ho
claimed he got it from a man to sell.
Mrs. Ellis could not identify htm and .-»e
Judge dismissed the case.
Builders' Contracts.
James D. Phelan, Robert H. Fletcher and
"William G. Stafford, committee in charge of
erection of citizens' naval monument, -with
Robert I. Aitken (sculptor)— Full-sized plas
ter model of the figure "Victory," to be placed
on top of naval monument to be erected in
Union square, bounded by Powell, Stockton,
Geary and Po«t streets, and under control of
Park Commissioners; $2500.
Emma D. Anderson (owner) with Petterson
& Persson (contractors), architects Copeland &
Pierce— All work for a I^-story frame cottage
on lot. on N line of Twenty-second street, 25
W of Minnesota, W 75 by N 100; *2236.
COURT WANTS
NO REPETITION
Witnesses at Schley In
quiry Relieved From
Service.
Marine Corps Officer's Praise
Completes Admiral's
Case.
WASHINGTON, Oct. Sl.— ln the Scnley
court of inquiry to-day a number of wit
nesses were introduced by Judge Advocate
Lemly to testify in rebuttal of the evi
dence given in Admiral Schley'» behalf.
The court decided early in the day that no
witnesses could be introduced at this
stage of the proceedings to give testi
mony on immaterial points. This an
nouncement was made in connection with
an effort to prove a conversation on board
the Massachusetts, In which Lieutenant
Sears, who was Admiral Schley's flag lieu
tenant, was reported to have said:
"For God's sake don't discourage him
(meaning Commodore Schley), It's all that
we have been able to do to work him up
to this."
It had the effect of relieving Lieutenant
Commander Grant, Lieutenant Command
er Potts and other officers of the Massa
chusetts, who had been called to testify
concerning this conversation with Sears,
which is said to have occurred on the
Massachusetts just before the reconnois
sance of May 31.
Reiteration Is Barred.
On the other hand the court held that It
was not bound by the ordinary proceed
ings In civil cases aa to the time when
testimony can be taken and that wit
nesses might be called or recalled at any
time for the purpose of making additions
to former statements, but that none of
them could reiterate testimony previously
given. This decision was rendered out of
an objection raised by Raynor to allowing
Captain Sigsbee to give new testimony
when called as a witness for rebuttal pur
poses.
The witnesses called in rebuttal were:
Captain Charles D. Sigsbee, Captain
French E. Chadwick, Captain Joseph G.
Eaton, Lieutenant John H. Roys and
Chief Quartermaster Neil Anderson, all
of whom testified to the incidents con
nected with the^ campaign of 1898.
Captain Chadwick in his statement to
day said that the precautionary dispatches
from the Navy Department in regard to,
attacking the Spanish shore batteries had
not been communicated to Commodore
Schley. This statement is regarded as of
great importance by Admiral Schley's op
ponents, as it distinctly contradicts the
admiral's own statements.
Sigsbee on the Stand.
Captain Sigsbee testified concerning his
Interview on the Brooklyn with Commo
dore Schley. Captain Eaton was the com
mander of the dispatch boat Resolute dur
ing the war and his testimony related
largely to events which occurred just be
fore and just after the battle of July 3.
Lieutenant Roys served on board the
Eagle and his statement bore upon the
Eagle's meeting with the Brooklyn when
the latter was en route to Cienfuegos and
again while the flagship lay off that port.
He stated that Lieutenant Commander
Southerland had asked not to' be sent to
Port Antonio for coal and had asked to be
allowed to coal from the Merrimac.
Anderson was chief quartermaster of
the Brooklyn during the Spanish war and
was at the wheel during the battle of July
3. He said that Commodore Schley had
given the order of "hard aport," but that
when the order was given the vesel was
then hard aport.
Before these witnesses were introduced
for the department the court heard Cap
tain T. S. Borden of the Marine Corps,
who served on the Brooklyn, in Admiral
Schley's behalf. He was the last of the
admiral's witnesses and he testified that
the admiral had borne himself honorably
during the battle of July 3.
ER33S3LAUER ARRESTED ON
EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGE
He Claims It Is Owing to a Discrep
ancy in an Account for
Wool.
J. B. Monroe, a wool grower of Wood
ville, Tulare County, secured a warrant
from Judge Cabaniss yesterday afternoon
for the arrest of L. Breslauer of L, Bres
lauer & Co., wool merchants, 49 Bluxome
street, on the charge of felony embezzle
ment. The amount alleged in the com
plaint to have been embezzled is $626 09.
Monroe has been around the Hall of
Justice since Monday endeavoring to get
the warrant. The police referred him to
the District Attorney's office and Assist
ant District Attorney Alford took the
matter in hand and finally gave instruc
tions that the warrant should be irsued.
Breslauer was arrested yesterday after
noon, but was soon released on bonds.
His statement, which is corroborated by
his partner, is to the effect that the
trouble grows out of a dispute as to a
discrepancy in an account of $1079 for
wool. Breslauer & Co. had offered to set
tle with Monroe, but he wanted more
money than the firm contended was due
him.
No Bond Was Filed.
BERKELEY. Oct. 31.— The California
nd Nevada Railroad line through this
flty, at present owned by the town
through the forfeiting of Its franchise
by the road, will probably be returned to
the company at the meeting of the trus
tees to-morrow night on the road's pay
ment of back taxes. The company
agreed Monday to pay the taxes, amount
ing to $999 97, on the return of the fran
chise, but the Trustees refused and en
deavored to get a $5000 bond, which the
company was supposed to have put up as
a matter of good faith. The bond cpn
not be found, and Samuel Heywood, who
was president of the Trustees at the time
the road was built, has no recollection
of the bond being filed, nor do the town
records show that it was. As the Trus
tees cann«t get the bond they will be
satisfied v.'ith the taxes.
£. W. Maslin's Resignation.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 31.— E. W. Maslln has
tendered his resignation as vice presi
dent and director of the Unitarian
Club, and the same has been accepted.
Mr. Maslin Is a member of the b^ard of
library trustees, and thft .work of that
body from now until the new building
for the library is completed, he feels,
will recuire all his spare time and at
tention. _.
Funeral of J. L. N. Shepard.
BERKELEY, Oct. 31.— The funeral ser
vices of the late John L. N. Shepard will
be held Saturday afternoon from the
family residence, 2703 Dwight way. Both
funeral and interment will be private.
The remains will be laid to rest in Moun
tain View Cemetery.
• RAILWAY TRAVEL.
tuaili PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallt* Fsny. .>'
Commencing aeptemOer £», 1901. ¦ ' *• *
FROM BAN FKAK CISCO TO MILL VAiiEY
. ; AND SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 6:SS, 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. l m..
•1:45 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. "eas. 8:45 p. m. . - .
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, .Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11.40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. •lv:00. - »ll:30 a. m., »l:la.
3:15, »4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m.
• Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN. FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:27, 7:45. 8:35, 10:15
a m *12:25. 2:15, *Z:Z3. 4:40, 6:30 p. m. - •
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. • ¦
SUNDAYS— 6:IS. '8:00, »10:00, »11:45 a. m..
•1:40 *3:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m. - . -.--.
'. Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln. .*
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:4S, 6:45, 7:55. 8:55, 10:30 a, m."
12:35 2:45, 3:50, 5:10 p. m. . .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. • . :
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15, 3:30.
6:00 6:45 p. m. Hl^'*^ W BM^MM
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. * ~" ¦¦'•¦•¦.•- -.-¦ - r
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and war
stations. : ' . . . -' --.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and .way
stations. • ¦ ,-_¦•. ' . , - ; • -
L«gal Holidays boats. and trains will run on
Sunday time. -VjMSHMBiBNSssfIfI&HHAH
' t '.r> ?;•;•; Tl ATT, WAY TRAVEL. .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC^
Trains Itm* nail i»r*» <!••«• to nrrl v* «•
MAN l'lt.A9l<:Ml!O.
(Main Line, Foot of tfake* Street) - ¦ ¦
UCATS — moil OCTOBXK 8, 1901. — AKMXTM
7:00.\ Benicia, Suiauo, Klmin and Sacra*
mento.. .", •.•*3f
7:00 a Vaonille, Winters. Rumsey 7:33»
« :3u a Martiuez.SauUaaion. V ailejo. Jlapa,
C&Ustoga, ami .Santa, Ko»a. .... «:23f
SiOU a DaTia, Woodland. KnignU Landing.
MarjSTille. <>ro»llle 7sS.lr
SiOOa Atlantic f.xpreaa— O|dan sad East 13:33*
SiOO* Nlles. Lathrop, Stockton 7«53»
StOOA NUes. Mendota. Hanford. Visalis,
Forterrille 4533»
I j3oa Sh-uta Kxprsss— Datb, Williams (tot
•Bartlett Springs;. Willows. Bod ¦- -• .v-
Bluff, Portland;. 7iJI3»
•¦••a Ssii Jose, lifermore. Stockton,
lone. Saer»m«uto, ¦ PlaeorTille,
Mi»rja»!l!e. Chlco. Bluff «.«."»»¦
SilO a Oakdale, Chinese, Sonera, Garten... 4«3p .
I SxOOa Hayward, Niks and Way Stations.. 1 liMa
•iVOAVallejo ....... IMtSSr
¦io«*Los Angeles Express - Martinet,
Traoy, Lathrop, StocktOD, Merced
Fresno and Los Angelas T:M*
•<SOa Tsllejo, .Vlarttuei and Way Stations ?:S3r
lOiOOa The O»erl»n«l limited— Osden.D«n<
Ter. Omaha. Chicago .J f 2 a *
fliOOp Saorameutn Kl»or Moemnera »?'??*
SiSOp Hajward. NU« and Way StakloniL.. *iS3»
4ioor Benida, Winters. aaorauieulo,
Wooillnnd, KutghU Landing, _ ,
MitrjMille, OioTllle I«s33*
4<»«P Martinet. Hau lUmo.i, Yalltlo,
Napa.t!allsto«a.BaHUßo«m . .... "'••*
4:O«r Nile*. LlTermore, Stockton, L0J1... ¦••»Sv
4 iB»r Hay-ward, Miles, »an Jon, ia-»ermor» t»i<*»*
4>Sor Port Costa. Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton lvxM*
littVr The Owl Limited— Tolare.
¦ - • ' ' Bakersfleld. Bangui tot Santa- Bar-
bara, Los Angeles SiM.»
Martin«. Antioch. Stockton, Mar- ..._
ced. Fresno I****
1 ¦i3«r New Orleans Erprens-Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersneid. Los Angeles,
Deming. El Faao, New Orleans
and East • T»M* ,
•tOOp ward. Nlles and San Joss .7***
{•xOOr Vallejo ll»«a»,
••wr Oriental . Mall-Ofclen, Oteynna).
- Omaha, Cblosgo ~~ l»J«Op
•iwwr Oriental Mall-Ogdea, Denver,
St. Louia Chicago. 4i3S»
TiOOr Oregon and California Express, Sao- ' .
- - tiutieiitu. Marjsvllle. K«<l.l(iig,
¦ ¦ Portland. Pnget Hound and Rass SiSSa.
li«sr San Pablo, Port Costa, Martine* __
and Way Stations 1 1 I A
\»t*nr Vallfjo 7t»3p
COAST LINE (JUrruw tlaage}.
(foot ot Market Street.) ___^
Newark. Ceu tßr»lile,BauJo«e, *%
. . . Bouldor Creek, Santa Ocnzaud Way w
¦ - Station* •¦»•»
1»il Newark, CenterTille, Ban Jess, New
Almadeu, Felton, Honlder Creek,
Banta Croa and l'rincipal Way
: 'V 'Stations !••••*
4:iHr Newark, San Join, Los Gates t»«*w*
¦ «9.30r Hunters* Train— San Jose and Way
Station* tT.»<»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
! ma SiX FUSCISCO— ?J« of Hukat Street (Slip 8)—
t/:15 9.00 1100*. M. 1:33 3:00 8:18r.«.
rnmOnUSl— n»U'Bra»i»ij.— tH:UO {8:00 13.05
10.00 a.m. 12:00 8. 00 t:B3r.tf. __
COAST LINE (Broad (Unite).
(Third and Towu—ml Sta.)
•< I e>A San Joae and Way stations. ........ ••»•* •
7:— A. Han J<iM»ml Way Stations »•»«?*
/7:»». New Alinadeu /«»»•»
UiOOa Man Jote, Ties Pino*, daiita Am
% Faoine ()rof«, Salinas. San Lais
Obispo. Banta Barbara and Prln- _
dual intermediate Stations 7i43f
lOiSOa San Jose and Way Stations. f «»Op
IliSttA San ,»oae ami Way B Utious ........ »t4Op
t*i43vSan Mateo. ltodwood, Meolo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Joss,
Tre. Pin Santa Cr.ii. Salinas.
Monterey ami PaciHc Qro»e •••t«»a
' •iS*P Ban Jose and "Way Stations. •;»•*
f4tl Sp San Jose and Principal Way Stations «:*¦»*
?3:©»rSan Joae, Los Gatoa and Principal •
Way Stations «! ! *2*
Bt3op San.loa* and Principal Way Station* «:U6a
•OOP Redwood, Han Jose. Gilroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles *•'*?*
eiSOp Sau. lose and Way Stations '.lii
«Hi4sf San Jose ami Way .Stations •:.*•»
• A for Morning. ' X for Afternoon.
t Sunday exoepted. t Sunday only.
• Saturday only. and Fridays^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEiI IL CtL
LESSS9
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. F—t mi •¦&%¦• flfc .
San Francisco to oan Rafael.
1 WEEK DAYS— 9:CO, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
[ «:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. . Thursdays— Extra trip
i at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
| and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. *:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40.
5:05. <k25 p. m. j
Leave 1 In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. 1 April 28, 1901. | San Francisco.
'¦ Week I Sun- I '¦ I Sun- 1 Week
i Days. I days. | Destination. days. | Day*.
j 7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
' 3:30 pm| 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
I 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
" ~J Fulton. '¦ t
7:30 an? j Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserviile,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm -8:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland 10:40 am 10:2* am
' 3:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
j 7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:35 pm
i 3:30 pm 5:00 pm «:20 pm
! 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
. . and
I 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm <:20 pm
i 7-30 ami 8:00 ami ". 110:40 am|lo:2s am
| 3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
' for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Spring*; at
Geyserviile for Skaggs Springs; at Cloveriale
for the ¦ Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvUle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
: Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Git's Hot
I Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
1 port. Usal. Wlllits. Laytonville, . Cummins.
' Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. "' *"• '"
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
! duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all points
I beyond San Rafael at -half rates.
I Ticket office, 850 . Market street. Chroniclo
I building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe Trains .
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. -
Local Llm'd ! Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Daily Daily *
Lx San Fran 7:20 a' 9:00 a I 8:00 p 4:20 p
•Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2.-35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
"Vlsalla-... 3:40 p 4:48 a ....
•' Bakrsflld. 6:15 p 6:20 p I 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a | 7:30 a
" Chicago... | 2:15 p [ 9:00 p f
a for morning, p for afternoon. ' . V
•9 a. m. train is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing- train arrives at 6:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrive* at 12:30
p.. m. dally. ... -.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with S
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5.55 p. m.
daily.
- 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
' Offices— 64l Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San an. _
! We* f un - ac *v »* m. ••*. Sun- 1 Week
! Pay*- a** 5 - „„„, .. *. -*»»*£- r *** Pp*!
I 9-30 A. 8:00 a. X. ntmißt w.r« , wo 1.00 F. %15 A.
JiS S 3S£ £-=Sr — S I: £S S
1:15 p. ".*" kB »»— * 5:55 P.
F»r., S«a Fnaotar* «> Stmmlt »»d Satan, tl *>.
BakatOScaa, aB iiAaxrt STUK «d bau&atjto nm '
/^%. Dr. Gil)l)on's Dispensary,
AruntiSa 629 KEABST ST. Kstabllshed
gS*l»i^Sßln 1534 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEABXT ST. Established
In 1*34 for the treatment nt Privata
Divxses. Lost Mannood. Debll.ty or
iwdEC^^dlwaßw wearing »>n body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when N
*Njffi^3f?jli«5 others fall. Try him. Charges low.
. CHrr«iaarHßlffd. Call or wilt*
Dr. J. JT. «»ta»B4MI . Saa Francisco. Cat •
, Weekly Can $1.00 dbt Year
1314
NEW BUILDING
TO BE ERECTED
Union Trust Company
to Double Size of Its
Structure.
Adjoining Land of Charles
Holbrook Purchased
for $200,000.
The Union Trust Company consummat
ed yesterday the purchase of the Charles
Holbrook property adjoining its big build
ing, including 50 feet frontage on Mont
pomery street and a three-story building,
and as soon as the present leases expire
the compaßy will tear the old building
away and erect on the site a building cor
responding in architecture and height to
the yellow building owned by the com
pany and mainly occupied by the South
ern Pacific Company, to which it will be
joined as one structure.
The purchase price was about $200,000.
The lot has a frontage of 50 feet on Mont
gomery street and a depth of 87% feet.
The ground floor tenants of the building
are G. H. Umbsen & Co. and Baldwin &
Howell.
The new building, combined with tM
old, will form a structure with 112 feet
frontage on Montgomery street, 62% feet
•on Market and a depth of 57% feet on the
opposite Fide. It will be an ornament to
that portion of the city.
The entire gTound floor will be occu
pied by the Union Trust Company. In
deed, the growth of the company's busi
ness and the necessity for more room was
j ADVimTISEMENTS^
* . j ...  ¦ ¦ ..^ ¦ .
{ Friday^S^turcfeySpecMLlsl
I ' Girls' and Boys' Shoes being the features of this Friday's rep:- |A
y ular sale, we have added Saturday this week to enable parents to ||
% take advantage of our special offerings on a day when the children H
i| are out of school. Ladies' and Men's Specials can be bought ,»
at the reduced prices on Friday only. mt
CHILDREN'S and MISSES' BOX i BOYS' and YOUTHS' BOX CALF ffl'
1 CALF LACE or BUTTON i LACE SHOES— a broad and E|
r { SHOES — extended and fairly stylish last— heavy extended soles n
; heavy coles— excellent wearers. — made like men's. 3 Eg
1 Sizes, B}£ to 11 *1 15 9 to 13 ; *1 4O §|
X Sizes. 11% to 2 $1 35 -13& to 2 $1 65 M
\ Friday and Saturday. 2% to 5^.... $185 9
f Friday and Saturday. M
¦ CHILDREN'S and MISSES' KID H
LACE SHOES — extended soles— t»<~»vc» _ . , I . Tua , vtpt vrtt KH
- r»at»nt leather Tins a dress shoe BOYS and YOITHS VIC! KID gu
thlt wi f wear well ' LACE SHOES-soft tops-stout St
' ti pT*iTl^ii «1"t-. ' soles-dressy and durable. fi
t| oizes, ofa to 11..... c»jl x«j o ,„ v u» -t Ai\ Hi
cjtpc 111; tn <» <1 «J*i 9 to 13 JSI 4(J K|
3 Fnday andjaturday. If^to^::::::::::::::::::::^! 85 I
CHILDREN'S and MISSES' PAT- ! Friday and Saturday. H
ENT LEATHER LACE SHOES— ffl
! ¦ imported material— dull mat kid BOYS' nnd- YOUTHS' PATENT gg
~ tops— li^ht soles. LEATHER LACE SHOES— neat B
\ Sizes, 6to 8 J<l 35 round toe. Eg
i Sizes. 8% to 11 81 85 10 to 13....... 81 70 £1
§ Sizes. 11^ to 2 92 24) 13% to 2 :........«1 80 M
\ Friday and Saturday. .2% to 6%..".: $2 10 »
g " -' ¦ ¦ • Friday and Saturday. • fst
| INFANTS* KID BUTTON SHOES i JU
H —hand-turned — patent leather : LITTLE BOYS' BOX CALF . H
S tips., __ _ LACE SHOES— heavy extended IRA
? ~, Izes vA to «?""j; — L'";"""*^ 0 soles— well made, on a mannish la
| Sizes 5% to 8 (spring heel).. 7Oc last. • H
"•& Friday and Saturday. Sizes, 9to 13% SI 65 U
j LADIES' PATENT LEATHER Friday and Saturday. fl
a LACE SHOES— imported material j 1 89
% —dull mat kid tops— extension j MEN'S BOX CALF LACE SHOES B
H eoles stylish — our regular I — extended double soles — M
a (3 50 shoes— on Friday only flat last — regular 13 50 shoes— E3
% .*2 85 Friday only *2 65 H
•* All of the above displayed in our windows. Money back if pur- R
j. chase is not entirely satisfactory. ; -' fi
\ Sole distributors of the KOMFORT S3 &O shoes for men and m
5\ women. .JK
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1900, and tor the
year endlnr on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Section!
CIO and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $554,716 00
Cash in Company's Office and In
Banks 13,773 72
Certificates of Deposit In hands of
Trustees 20,052 74
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 4,755 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 61.61& 25
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 248 30
Due from other Companies for Re-in-
surance on losses already paid 173 93
Total Assets '. $655,314 54
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,537 50
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 23,317 23
Losses resisted, including expenses.... 10,727 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $365,295 73; re-in-
surance 50 per cent 182,647 87
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running;
more than one year, $197, HZ 72; re-
Insurance pro rata 117. 35
All other Liabilities '. 15.884 17
Total Liabilities $345,273 72
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $423,411 21
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from all
other source* 17,427 28
Received from Home Office 57,8*9 9?
Total Income $498,67S 47
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in- .
eluding $83,308 IS. losses of previous
y«"«rr) ••••;•¦ ••• $481,470 92
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 101,467 IS
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 28,883 53
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 13.331 30
All other payments and expenditures.. 48.265 39
Total Expenditures $623,418 30
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Ket amount of Risks
written during the
year $55,987,935 $658.926 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during; the
year 78.549,931 801,27« 62
Net amount in force
December 31. 1809... 42.960.411 563.233 43
ADOLPH I<OEB. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and pworn to before me, this 30th
day of January. 1901.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
ESTABLISHED IN 1872,
213 SANSOME STREET,
SAX FRANCISCO, CAL.
V. CARUS DRIFFIELD, Manager,
H. DANKER, Assistant Manager.
WOMAN AND JAPANESE ALMOST
PERISH IN JONES-STREET FIRE
Suspicious Circumstances Surround Origin of the
Blaze and an Investigation Will Be Made as to
the Cause of Conflagration by the Authorities
FIRE in a boardingr-house at 802
Jones street caused excitement In
the uptown hotel section shortly
after 9 o'clock last evening. Its
origin is a mystery. The flames
gained headway so rapidly that two peo
ple were overcome by smoke before they
could gain an exit. Both were rescued.
Mrs. Hattie Towne, the aged mother of
Percy Towne, an attorney with R. H.
Lloyd, was rescued by A. P. Girard, son
of Colonel Girard. She was picked up in
a hallway where she had fallen. A Jap
anese servant was hemmed in by the
flames and was carried out by H. Harris,
a shipping clerk, who found him almost
suffocated in the basement.
The house •was owned by Mrs. Mitchen.
This lady had arrived home but three
minutes before the fire was reported to
her. Then the basement was ablaze and
a passerby had rushed to the nearest
alarm box to ring the alarm.
The flre gained rapid headway and
smoke filled the house. Mrs. Mitchen ran
into the street and shouted to the crowd
of gathering spectators that there were
other people in the burning structure.
Girard started up the stairway leading
the prime reason for the company's pur
chase of the property.
There Is a possibility that two stories
will be added to the present height of the
yellow building when the new structure
is erected.
McKinley Memorial Fund.
The following statement showing the
present condition of the McKinley me
morial fund was issued from the Mayor's
office yesterday:
Previously reported, $24,814 10; Louis Metzger
$20; W. & J. Sloane & Co., $100; A. Schilling
& Co.. $100; Dodge. Sweeney & Co.. $50; young
ladies of Irving Institute. $3.",; Adolph Hromada
Company $10; Charles Towe Cflre marshal) $5-
Lafayette Primary School, $7 50; Golden Gate
School <Mies Falrchlld), 60c. Received from
Chronicle: Lincoln Relief No. 3 Auxiliary G
A. R., $25; Marie, Edward and Stella $2- Arch
ibald McKinley, $5; Oakville School $4 25" G
B. D.. 50c; Gladys Pratt. Wadsworth' Nev ' B;
Thomas Dermot, $1; Rita and Eva Blument'hal
San Rafael, fi 10; D. Debernardi, $.V J Sar
tori. $2 50; George F. Cavalli. $2; M G For
ninl. $1; James F. Martinonl. $2: J. Cuenin $1 •
Alfred Monottl. $2; Joseph R. Tomasini $1- S*
Martlnelll, $2 50; S. H. Cheda $2 50- a' Bolla'
$1; G. Caccla. 50c; S. Tonlni. $1 X; V. Plezzoni'
*2; A. Bonaita, $2; total to date $2-" 216 55
Lipton Welcomed in London.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— Upon landing here
to-day on his return from the United
States Sir Thomas Lipton was given a
hearty reception.
Season k
i
is approaching, and Opera
Glasses will soon be in re-
quisition. We are agents
for the genuine Lemaire
Opera Glasses, recognized
by connoisseurs to be the
Jbest made. We carry the
largest stock of any house |
on the Coast. Over ioo
• styles to choose from.
IBe sure of our name and '
1 number. *
§m»DAK»OPTJ£AIG |
2J7KeiiriwSt.- 5.F. j
FROM ADMIRAL DEWEY.
TRKDE\\\)«^/ / OnRICK GEORGE MATERLE,
*~ K t^wffl JWrt^ German Expert Optician.
m _^PwW^ &E2m&. 10T1V4 Market St.. San
H§BSBSgggr§|Ho Francisco— My Dear Sir:
3 EgJ3p^£fgSsMK I am still using with
•^wf^z43£Sp*Sjfl~ much satisfaction the
z^S&SSWi&JJ^ glasses you sent me at
Manila; also, the new
x^/tfM/iiTi^vNSS; ones cult my eyes per-
/7w'/l \wv fectly. Very truly yours,
y / I I*\ \»\ V > GEORGE DEWEY,
Mayerles Glasses Strengthen the Eye and Brain
German Eyewater, 60c.
GEORGE -MA VERLE. German Expert Opti-
cian, 1071% Market st., near 7th. t
Cut This Out.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1901.
to the front door. As he did so he heard
a woman's scream. The smoke waa so
dense In the hall that he was obliged to
grope his way along. He had gone some
distance when he stumbled over the pros
trate form of Mrs. Towne.
The aged lady was in her room on the
second floor when she became aware that
the house was on fire. When she opened
the door leading into the hallway the
smoke was clouding up from the basement
and she was unable to see her way. By
groping around she found the stairway
and managed to stagger to the bottom of
it, where she fell insensible.
. H. Harris, a shipping clerk, was riding
home on a Jones street car. He saw the
flames in the basement windows and
heard a Japanese shouting Inside. Break
ing a window Harris tried to reach the
imprisoned man. Failing in this he broke
down a door and after several minutes
grasping the prostrate servant dragged
him into the street.
Fire Marshal Towe is investigating the
origin of the fire. The Japanese em
ployed by Mrs. Mitchen, It Is claimed, was
at night school when the flames broke
out. The servant who was dragged from
the house in a half-suffocated condition
is employed by a family in a house ad-
Joining. Despite the fact that he was
rescued by Harris the Japanese denied
that he was in the house.
Mrs. Mitchen says she uses no lamps;
that the place is entirely lighted by gas.
One theory advanced is that a cigarette
carelessly discarded started the fire, but
the fire marshal and police intend to
make an investigation. The loss is about
$5000.
FEMALE "UNIT
WORKER " CAUGHT
Marie Smith Is Finally
Run Down by the
Police.
A well-dressed, middle-aged woman
giving the name of Marie Smith was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by r>etectives
Dinan and Wren, and charged with ob
taining money by false pretenses. For
some time past Mrs. Smith has been col
lecting various sums of money from char
itably inclined Individuals on the repre
sentation that the amount was to go to
the Uttle Sisters' and Infants' Shelter.
Yesterday Captain Seymour was told that
the woman was an impostor, and he de
tailed Dinan and Wren to arrest here.
By. dint of inquiry the detectives learned
that Mrs. Smith was in the vicinity of the
wholesale district "working" unsuspect
ing merchants, and they started after her.
Recognizing her as she left the office of
Robert Dollar of the Usal Redwood Com
pany at 204 Front street, they placed her
under arrest and took her to police head
quarters. In her pocket was found $5
which she had obtained from Mr. Dollar
on the false representation that it was to
be used in helping defray the expenses
of the Little Sisters' institution. The
woman was accompanied by a nine-year
old boy, who, she claimed, was her son.
To Captain Seymour Mrs. Smith said
that her husband had died some time ago
and that she was forced to take in sew
ing to support herself and child. Refer
ring to the charge against her she said:
"If I have done anything wrong I did
not mean to. Several weeks ago I met a
woman, who told me her name was Mrs.
Wright, in a coffee saloon on Eddy street,
where I generally have breakfast. After
a short conversation she informed me
that she was connected with the Little
Sisters' Shelter and that she wanted me
to help her in arranging a benefit for the
institution, as it was heavily in debt. She
gave me a book, on tho fly leaf of which
she wrote that I was authorized to col
lect funds for the proposed benefit. I
admit that I collected several hundred
dollars for the benefit, but I defy any
body to prove that I obtained it under
false pretenses."
Shortly after the woman had been ar
rested the detectives went to her room
and found a memorandum book showing
that she had collected more than $500 for
the alleged benefit. Written on the fly
leaf were the words: "We hereby certify
that Mrs. Wright is authorized to collect
money for the benefit of the Little Sisters'
and Infants' Shelter at 512 Minna street.
(Signed.) Mrs. W. Pierson, president; Mrs.
J. A. Sampson, secretary."
Investigation revealed that Mrs. Pier
son's name had been forged and that Mrs.
Sampson had been dead over three years.
The alleged Mrs. Wright, whose name ap
pears in the book, is supposed to be a
myth.
Among the woman's victims are' the fol
lowing:
John Rosenfeld's Sons, $5; L. T. I^asretto
$3 50; Alaska Commercial Company, $5; A. L.
Bryan Shoe Company. $2 oO; Jesse Moore-Hunl
Company, $5; Alaska Packers" Association, fo;
Pacific Tool and Supply Company, %" 50; Stock
ton Milling Company. $2 50, and the Fidelity
Mutual Aid Association, $2 50.
The name of Frank J. Carolan, the well
known clubman, is also written in the
book, but investigation showed that it is
a forgery.
TRIES TO KILL HERSELF
WITH A BIG REVOLVER
Gertie Wilson Does Not Care to Live
After Desertion by Man She
Loved.
Gertie Wilson, a young woman who has
been flitting about the tenderloin for th<;
last few years, tried to end her unhappy
existence with a gullet at about 6 o'clock
last night. Gertie's aim was rather bad,
and she is now in the Receiving: Hospital.
Love, broken promises and ail that sort
of thing led to the young woman's at
tempt at a tragic ending in front of Ed
Wilson's cigar store at 131 O'Farrell
street. Wilson, whose real name is Ed
v.ard Gosliner, has been living with the
wouid-bt suicide, according to her story,
for years, but recently he transferred his
affections to another. Two nights ago
(jertie wrote letters, one addressed to an
evening paper and another to a sister,
Mrs. Katie Dunn of Reno, Nev. In these
letters she told of her contemplation of
suicide. She also wrote to Wilson, telling
him that if he did not return to her she
would kill herstlf. Last night she went
to Wilson's store, and when ordered out
by a clerk she declared lie would have to
carry her out.
\ ith that she drew a big revolver and
fired a. shot which pierced her bosom. She
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where the bullet was extracted. The
wound is not dangerous. The woman says
she gave Wilson the money with which to
start in business, and that he promised
to marr;- her.
Henarie Will Contest Settled.
Judge Coffey yesterday granted the pe
tition of Heziah Henarie and William
Radjesky for the partial distribution of
the estate of the late D. V. B. Henarie
who died November 28, 1899, leaving an
estate valued at $383,000. The court also
granted the motion to set aside the pe
tition to revoke the probation of the will
made by Mary A. Henarie, widow of the
deceased liquor dealer, who, since the pe
tition was presented, has passed away
This practically settles the legal battles
over the estate which have been carried
on since the will was filed.
Shoe Thief Sentenced.
William Jackson, a colored man, was
sentenced to six months in the County
Jail by Judge Mogan yesterday on the
charge of petty larceny. He entered thc
store of Williams-Marvin Company sts9
Market street, and stole eight pair's of
shoes, which were found in his possession
when arrested.
LUNACY BOARD
TAKES A HAND
Troubles at St. Elmo
Hospital Subject of
Inquiry.
Dr. Hatch Is Prepared to
Make Necessary In
vestigations.
Dr. A. T. Hatch, president of the Statfl
Board of Lunacy, will be In the city to
day to commence an investigation into
the affairs of the St. Elmo Hospital.
Affidavits explaining the condition of af
fairs are being prepared for submission
tj the Grand Jury. The nurses who wer«
discharged wish to tell their story before
an inquisitorial body.
Alexander Murdock, the superintendent,
was asked on Wednesday to tell who
were the directors of the institution, but
said he could not recall them all at the
time. Yesterday he gave the following
written statement to a Call reporter:
As per your request, St. Elmo Hospital-
John Russell. J. M. Dunne, W. McCarthy, T.
C. Collins Joseph Duffy, one share each; Alex
Murdock, 1600 shares. Total of shares. 25M
at $10 a share balance of stock not yet Issued ;
¦we rent from Maclean Hospital with a pros
pect of purchasing. Corp. books can be seen.
ALKX MURDOCK,
Superintendent St. Elmo Hospital.
What Superintendent Says.
When Murdock was interviewed on
Wednesday afternoon he denied that S.
P. Blumenberg, erstwhile managing direc
tor of the Hotel Nymphia, had anything
to do with the management of the St.
Elmo Hospital. Before Murdock assumed
control of the hospital he was bookkeeper
for the Gordon Sanitarium and collected
the rents from inmates of the Hotel Nym
phia.
How Blumenberg got control of Bt.
Elmo Hospital is best told in suit No.
76,047, filed in the Superior Court a few
days ago. This is an action wherein W.
P. Reed appears as plaintiff against the
Maclean Hospital, a corporation, and its
directors. A large number of reputable
physicians are made defendants. The
story in brief is as follows:
In March, 1894, an action was com
menced by E. J. Malmgren and D. J.
Lawrence against J. T. Harris and Dr.
M. H. Logan. Dr. Logan, one of the de
fendants, had purchased 1400 shares of
the capital stock and indorsed a note for
one Harris. During the absence in the
East of Dr. Logan judgment waa obtained
against him. Later a renewal of the
judgment was obtained, and one L. Nath
an bought in Dr. Logan's stock for $2.
This was later transfered to Blumenberg.
The physicians who were associated with
Dr. Logan in the enterprise claim they
were not advised of the proceedings. Soon
thereafter Blumenberg assumed full con
trol, and elected a number of serviceable
tenderloin habitues as trustees. One of
the directors is the husband of Elizabeth
Dunn, who owns considerable property in
the disreputable quarter of the city and
who has frequently figured in the Police
curts. Of another director of the St.
Elmo Hospital but little is known, save
from the Police Court record. Murdock
formerly collected the nightly rentals
from the unfortunates that occupied tho
apartments in the Hotel Nymphia. He
has held a number of positions in cor
porations organized by Blumenberg for
controlling the money to be derived from
the habitues of the quarter in which
Blumenberg operates.
Question About Certificate.
\Blumenberg has a certificate entitling
him to practice medicine, but how he got
it is a question that the examiners of the
Institution say they are unable to explain.
Under the guise of this diploma Blumen
berg has been working.
When Dr. Frizell was selected as resi
dent physician of St. Elmo Hospital he
was told that if he worked the first two
weeks for nothing he would be paid $300
a month thereafter. His first month was
up the night he was discharged, and he is
still looking for hia money.
A number of the physicians who were
interested in the Maclean Hospital are
considering- ways and means to expose
the Blumenberg method. An appeal to
the Grand Jury has been prepared and
will be placed in the hands of the com
mittee in the next few days.
Another matter the directors are inves
tigating is the alleged sale of the furni
ture and fixtures of the asylum. It is
said that Dr. Frizell was requested to
read off the list of articles in the asylum
when Blumenberg obtained control. .A
few of the attaches were present, and as
each lot of articles was read off Murdock
said. "I'll take this," or "I'll take that."
The same plan was pursued in disposing
of the stock.
Dr. Frizell and some of the former di
rectors have addressed a letter to the
foreman of the Grand Jury, asking a full
investigation of the management of the
hospital.
Perjury Before the Commissioner.
John Savory was discharged yesterday
by United States Commissioner Manley
after preliminary examination on a
charge of having accepted $5 from E.
Conheim. a sailor, as a fee for obtaining
employment for Conheim. Savory swore
that Conheim had committed perjury
when he testified that he gave Savory
$5, and that all that Conheim gave him
WU a cheap cigar. Shipping Master Cap
tain Austen testified that Savory had of
fered to pay him for giving Conheim em
ployment. "Owing to the conflict of testi
mony the Commissioner discharged Sav
ory.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FCMDIDATE
INDORSED.
WE, THE t T NDERSIGNED ATTOR-
neys, practicing at the San Francisco bar,
cheerfully recommend Hon. Arthur G.
Fisk, Republican candidate for District
Attorney, for the consideration and sup-
port of our fellow citizens. Mr. Flsk is
known to us as a capable lawyer, well
qualified to discharge with credit to him-
self and the community at large the
duties of the high and important office for
which he has been nominated by the Re-
publican Municipal Convention. Irrespec-
tive of partisan politics or party affilia-
tions, we take pleasure in saying that in
our opinion, if elected, he will make an
able, painstaking and acceptable District
Attorney, his course as chairman of tho
Committee on Ways and Means at the
late legislative session having stamped
him as a man of courage, conviction and
fearless integrity. (Signed),
W. H. L. Barnes, Earl H. Webb,
Thos. B. Bishop, Andrew Thorne,
R. H. Lloyd, H. A. Powell,
A. G. Booth, J. W. Dorsey,
A. Ruef, Walter S. Brann,
bam'l M. Shortridge, William H. Cobb,
Sheldon G. Keilofctj, B. G. Somers,
H. G. W. Dinkelsplel, Brooks Palmer,
W. H. H. Hart, C. H. Ostman,
Louis P. Boardman, H. O. Beatty,
John R. Aitken, S. S. Sanborn,
Deal, Tauszky & Wells, R. H. Morrow,
W. H. Chickering, Davis & Nathan,
Warren Gregory, John A. Percy,
Mark I* Gerstle, Ralph L. Hathorn,
W. C. Van Fleet, Maurice L. Asher,
Charles L. Patton, Frank D. Strlngham,
George H. Bahrs, Hull McClaughry,
D. J. Murphy, Wilber G. Zelgler,
E. J. Banning, E. Myron Wolf,
Marshall B. Wood- J. J. Van Nostrand,
worth, Isidore Golden
P. A. Bergerot, Carlton W. Greene,
Geo. D. Squires, Bruce Cornwall.
L. I>. Solomons, Allen L. Chickering,
Geo. H. Pippy, George H. Whlpple,
Pringle & Pringle, Clay P. Gooding,
Stanley Jackson, William H. Jordan,
M. H. Wascerwitz,
AD VEB'nSEMENTS L ___ *+
i M'-FranSinLane Wmjllff
jI(C Who is a candidate for re-election, appear -r^v^^Mdl^^^^P^ilif^^^
IJ^j] in our double-breasted Rival Blu3 Serge, tt^l raW bk mw////M///////n
mtfj tailored in the winter fashion. \(f fi^f wa /fflffl'//fflff///////]
V The Beauty off; This Suit ' All ll 'wWwm§irll//ll
lis The Prettiness of It \' » m ! 21/////// //////// 1
k) The Smartness of It A W\ ; '&wJfM '// 1 1\
(if>l Appear at a glance. Critical C.othes-ivzarers s^ ih I \%iWjlfl L ' uj i\
W have pronounced it perfect, and of course you Jk* w| ' iw^M^illi 111 'ilirn ' "
y/f know the Royal Bluy Serge holds its color A| -m^t \\\ij\fM.ll lInI j I I
[faAj The winter -to eight of the Royal Blue Serge \^ "' M .1, lllj inW«f/i '////! '///////i
SYr will be no hither in price than that asked jljM| % lilil MffllililnVl ill l\
Ij^jj for the spring -xv eight, namely: W); 'jf\ *f
I*l Single-breasted as well. J\ \ ¦fci^ fi I
! - /
DAY IS SPENT IN THE NOME CONTEMPT PROCEEDINGS
IN SEVERE CROSS-EXAMINATION OF WITNESS FROST
CA. S. FROST, the younp man
with many governmental titles,
publicly announced during the
3 morning -session of the Nome
contempt proceedings yesterday
that he had troubles of his own and that
he was busy with them. E. S. Plllsbury.
amicus curlae, heard the statement, and
the work of the day before Commissioner
Heacock was an attempt to uncover all
the troubles that fell to Frost's lot while
in the rold Arctic country.
The proceedings opened with a continu
ation of the direct examination by
Attorney Heney. This was soon
ended, and Plllsbury began the cross-ex
amjnatlon with alacrity and rapidity. But
he soon struck a snag. After asking the
witness a question or two founded on the
Lekely affidavit Frost shied out of the
road and the attorneys, audience and
Commissioner filed out of the room and
into the Circuit Court of Appeals to lay
the matter before Judges Morrow, Gilbert
and Hawley.
The question to be argued was whether
or not Ir'illsbury had the right to take an
affidavit ana ask tne witness if there was
any statement in it which he knew to be
false. The bulk of the affidavit was hurled
at- Frost and he rebelled. So aid his at
torneys. After deliberation the court
ruled that while the question was not in
the best form the witness should read the
amd.'ivit and point out such passages as
he believed to be divergencies from the
truth. This was done and the morning
session was consumed.
Appointment of Detectives.
The work of the afternoon was confined
to the detectives Frost appointed, the rea
son for their appointment and what he
knew of the arrest of McKenzle and the
bank disturbance. Frost was very delib
erate in his testimony and recited events
with a care. Despite this the amicus
curiae thinks he has brought out several
important discrepancies.
Frost appointed detectives while he was
special examiner to ferret an attempt at
corruption in the impaneling of a jury. For
this reason he says he appointed George
Carson and L. D. McLaine, and their re
ports were turned over to the District
Attorney's office. He said:
"It came to my mind that namea were
being furnished for a jury panel. It was
to find the person who was to furnish the
names and corrupt panel that Carson was
appointed. I heard In St. Michael on
July 25 and 26 that attempts would be
made to corrupt the jury panel for the
August term of the court and that names
were being furnished."
•'Who furnished the information?" In
quired Pillsbury.
"That is a confidential matter which I
cannot tell you," responded the witness.
"What instructions did you give these
detectives?"
"I told them what I heard without di
recting them to watch any particular peo
ple. The reports made to me were confi
dential."
"They were filed in the District Attor
ney's office and were accessible to all,
were they not?"
"No, sir; they were kept in the District
Attorney's private box, which but few
had access to."
"How long did these investigations con
tinue?"
"Until October."
"During that time was any jury
drawn?"
"About the 22d of August. "
"When did you first speak to Wood
about it?"
"I don't remember what the occasion
was or .the exact time of It, " responded
Frost.
About Jury Frauds.
According to the testimony the gTand
and trial Jury had been drawn when the
300 names were selected. Frost said they
tried to get interested persons on the Jury.
"Did you ever make any inquiry about
this matter in the clerk's office, or did
you ever report any dereliction of duty
in the clerk's office?" queried Pillsbury.
"No, sir." answered the witness.
It was the duty of the clerk to furnish
150 names, the jury commission the other
150. The witness drew within the shell of
confidential communication, saying that
information in this matter came from an
official residing at Nome, and he refused
to divulge the name.
"Did you V.ne any information relating
to the clerk?" continued the amicus
curiae.
"Not at that time," was the reply.
"Any concerning the action of a jury
commissioner on the subject?"
Another declination followed.
Judge Noyes and Frost discussed this
matter about the corruption of the jury
panel. . Frost said Judge Noyes showed
him an affidavit stating that certain per
sons had been furnishing lists of names
for the panel, the lists being in the hand
writing of a person whom he knew.
"Who was the commissioner who drew
the 150 names?" asked Pillsbury.
"I think it was Major Strong," respond
ed Frost.
"Did Judge Noyes tell you where he ob
tained these lists?"
"They were attached to the affidavits."
The witness then testified that Noyes
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIAL CUT PRICES
AT THE
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
»—-r» — -r — ; .;; ..:/ ,  '", ", ' — c
Our Cut Rates Male Enormous Sales.
EVERYTHING AS ADVERTISED.
»—:» — : ¦ \ ¦ — ¦— — — —ts
175 Latest Fall Style Tailor Suits—
Cut one=qnarter $10.00, $12.50, $15.00 9 $21.N
Wire— sl2.so $16 00 $20.00 $25.00
6) Novelty Taihr Shi —
Cut to $22.59, $25.00, $39.00, $37.50
' Ware— s27.so $30.00. $37.50 $50.00
Auto-Box Coats from $5.09 to $20.00.
¦ •..'*¦" "'•' -.-, '¦"•"": ¦ W* 2 >. PER CENT OF,-.
Raglans and Three-Quarter Coats from $8.50 to $41.11.
i / ¦- -• "~:" . .'., AT LESS THAN WHOLESALE.
Children's Dresses, latest styles —
I ' ;;; Cut one-third off— $3.50, $5.00, $7.50
' * '¦'.-.:_•¦•- ' ;^^ Were— ss.oo S $7.50 $11.00
«— — — r : _ £
FUR JACKETS and CAPES all at
:-:yy.:..;.\ -^ ;^ ; CUT rates.
a — — -— — , -^i
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. -
authorized the employment and payment
of the detectives.
He paid he did not furnish the detectives
with the names nor did he refer them -o
Noyes. Frost then denied that he put
these detectives to work on the case of
Chips against Llnderber?.
On Wednesday Frost testified that the
employment of the detectives came out
of the District Attorney's office. Yester
day he said that the District Attorney and
J-dge Noyes understood the matter and
that he himself employed the detective*
The cross-examination of the day closed
with inquiries about the intended action
of McKenzie or the other parties to secur*
the gold dust at the bank the day of the
arrest.
There are 28.894 juvenile temperance so
cieties in the British islands, with a mem
bership of 3,536.000.