Mrs. McKinley the Guest
of Honor at a Unique
¦ Breakfast at Juarez;
President Diaz Thanked
for Message in Speech
in El Paso Plaza.
Pride of Americans Is in
the Arts of Peace and
Not in War.
PRESIDENT M cKINLEY DECLARES THAT THERE IS NO IMPERIALISM
BUT THAT OF SOVEREIGN OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
CHARACTERISTIC iSCEN.BS.JIN CITIES OF THE SOUTHliAND-IN THEPRBSiD^TfS ITINERARvi
Continued on Second Page.
having been received so cordially and hospitably
by : this people "and to thank, you for having
given us . on Sunday: aa quiet and reposeful a
time as though we had spent it at our home*.
(Long continued applause.)
. Members of the Cabinet also spoke. At
;-* Having.sald.this much," I only want to again
Express .the pleasure which all of us "feel at
do", not propose to raise" but : se'venty-flve thou
sand.?-. (Great applause.) 1 - :•'«"-. #^-.-
So.^don't be afarmed about; militarism or > im
perialism... ' = We ficnow: no : imperialism- in ,the
United States thV. imperialism" of a. sov
ereign people.. (Continued great applaus~e.)>~'
sciences and in manufactures— this is the great
>ride of .the, American; population. . (Applause.)
' we ! are • on the ;. border : line : between '. the
United" States' and 'another great .and
)'ri : thls -'side ¦' of the line ; ,we ;. have -thirty-five
Vmerican ; soldiers "and. on that side of ,the "! line
here ; are : less than ' a' hundred > and r fifty Merl
in soldiers-nab' that.we^are-'dwelling in' peace
and amity," and causing! "peace ' on earth . and
good.wllUto men.". We want to settle ouryiif-.
ferences,'; if; we ever have ' any ¦ with any of the
powers of : the world, by ¦ arbitration! •- We want
to exhaust every, peaceful means for. settlement
before",we'go to.war,\and, while we have author-'
Ity-to raise a' hundred 'thousand troops" the !ne-;
cessity does ' not' exist ¦ for that number,- and 'we
.... ."....' i .¦;... • ' - - . ... I
Governor of the neighboring State oC the Mex
ican Government. ¦ I 'cannot go over there, ' but
they can come here,' and we bid. them welcome
with open hearts! ;"'-• 1 can look over ; their coun
try, (lailghter/ but there is something in the
traditions ;' of this \ republic, j something' In i its
precedents that does not permit the President, to
go outside the United" States during his term of
office. -But as we : do -not' hold office all' the
time (laughter) we will have an opportunity. of
going there in. the future.. ¦'. : .';'»:.'
My ; fellow citizens,' if there was ever/ any *
doubt about ours being a united" people. If you ;
could have traveled. with. me twenty-eight hun- ;
dred 'miles from ; the Capltoi at Washington to '¦
the ' city cf 'El Paso,' that doubt would have
been completely dispelled. ' ; (Applause.) . There
never was such unity in the United States as
there Is at 'this hour. ... (Applause.) 'There never
was so much for a nation of 75,000,000 people to
be proud of as at. this hour. } (Applause.) .We:
have sent our army and navy to distant lands'
and they, have added glory to our flag.-: (Great
applause.) They; have brought no shame upon
the American name. . We sent them to China to
rescue - ourl : beleaguered representatives, and
they did the. work and. did it magnificently with .
the approval of the civilized world. « (Continued :
applause.)'. .-':,* -. : . •
Not a Warlike : People.
But it is not In; the. art "of war that we take
our greatest pride. -.'-We 1 are not 'a warlike 'peo
ple. We are not a military people! We' never
go to war unless we have to make peace. '(Great
applause.) Our pride is in the arts "of peace, 1 ? In
material and intellectual "'development, Jri^ the
growth of our country.yin the advancement of
our people In civilization. ; In the" arts.* in'; the
applause), acknowledging allegiance to no other
Government but Jhe United States of America
and giving willing sacrifice at any time the
country may call for the honor of our nation
and the dory of our republic.
I am glad to know that this city believes in
expansion (great applause) ; that . it has been
doing a great deal of it itself in the last four
years; that It has more than doubled its popu
lation in. the last half of the present decade
and given promise of still greater advance
ment and prosperity in the decade now at hand.
(Applause.) You have here, my fellow citizens,
the true national spirit, the spirit of enterprise,
of development, of progress, of building the
structure of liberty and free government on the
broad and deep foundations of intelligence, vir
tue, morality and religion.
Thanks President Diaz.
This is the gateway to the Mexican republic,"
and I want in this connection to express ! my
great satisfaction with the cordial salutations
tendered me by the great and distinguished
President of our sister republic. President Diaz.
(Enthusiastic applause and cries of "Bravo!")
I thank his representative for the cordial words
with which he has ;. presented the feeling , of
respect and regard of his illustrious President
to the Government of the United States. (Ap
plause.) And I beg that he will convey to his
President the warm regards and the personal
esteem which I have for his chief magistrate,
which is shared by the whole American popula
tion (applause), and my wish for still further
prosperity and advancement among his popu
lation. (Applause and cries of "Bravo!") ¦•
I . cannot fail - to also recognize : the . cordial
welcome that has been extended to me by the
By C. C. CARLTON,
Special Correspondoat of The Call.
EL PASO. Tex.. May 6.— The Pres
idential train left El Paso at 1
o'clock this afternoon. The first
stop to-morrow will be at Phoe
nix, Ariz. The features of to
day's entertainment of the
President and his party were a parade and
public sneaking in El Paso and a break
fast given in Juarez, Mexico; in honor of
Mrs. McKinley.
Early this morning El Paso's streets
and plazas were filled to overflowing with
people from both sides of the Rio Grande.
Delegations from Old Mexico played an
important part in the entertainment.
There were in the parade not only the
distinguished citizens of the neighboring
republic sent here by President Diaz, but
there were three or four companies of
marching: Mexicans and .three Mexican
bands of music. From a spectacular point
of view the parade was the most Interest
ing in the President's Jour
ney. There were companies of Federal
and Confederate veterans, lodges of
benevolent and fraternal societies, a long
line of carriages containing distinguished
.'guests from Mexico, platoons of police
and the El Paso fire department. A num
ber of El Paso young .men were "dressed
as Indian braves and rode their horses in
Indian file.
School Children in Parade.
Following them was the most beautiful
part of the parade. Twelve hundred school
children In columns of fours marched be
hind a band of music. In the 'lead were
the kindergarten classes, about 150 in
number and dressed alike. Each one car
ried an American flag and kept it waving
throughout the parade.
Mrs. SIcKinley viewed the parade from
a carriage.
The President addressed, a large crowd
near the principal plaza of the town. He
said: "':"•?
Mr. Mayor. General Hernandez, Governor
Ahumada and my Kcllow Citizens: For the hos
pitality of the people of K! Paso, which has
Wen as delicate and considerate as it has been
tumptuous, I beg to return my most rincere
thanke- I am glad to be in this cosmopolitan
dtj-. I am glad to know that assembled here
within your gates are the men of all races, all
nationalities and all creeds, but under one flag,
the irlorlou* Stars and Stripes (enthusiastic
SAN - FRANCISCO, T^XESDAY, -MAY j 7^-1 901 ; :
-PRICE ~ FIVE GENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 158.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLmodest request, but^ have made it em
phatically. They ' dojln'ofi ask that the
President's tram. stop at their town as It
passes • through at 11 a. m. of May 20 en
route to Stockton and Sacramento, but
they do ask that arrangements be made
for it to slow down so that the school
children particularly may see the .chief
magistrate as the train rolls slowly past
the depot. ¦ '• "'j , " . , ..
This request has been made of the rail
road officials in charge of the time sched
ule of the train, and it has been taken
under advisement by them. They are dis
posed to grant it, and unless some consid
erable obstacle is discovered the Hay
wards people will probably have their
wish gratified. ,.„.,
The plan is to group the school children
close to the railroad track. President
McKinley- will be asked to stand on^the
rear platform of his car, that the children
WOODS NOT ONE
OF GAGE'S PARTY
Andersen & Co.. $10: Hay & Wright. $10: W.
J. Lowry, $10: C. E. Bickford. $10; William
Lewis & Co.. JW; Mansfield, Lovell & Co.. $10;
Pollard & Dodge. $10: Santera & Klrchman.
$13; Hooker & Co.. $10: The Red Front, *10;
Carrau & Green. $10; Leonard & Ellis. $10;
Total, $22C0.
J. A. Drlnkhouse. $10; Alphonae Judls. $10; IT.
K. Vanderslice & Co., $10; Nordman Bros*.. $10:
Morgan-Allen Company, $10; California Jewelry
Company. $10: Phelps & Adams, $10; W. B.
Glidden, $10; R/I. Whelan & Co.. $10: John W.
Dickie. $10; Beadle Bros.. $10; Clabrough. Ool
cher & Co., $10: J. Baumgrarten & Co.. $10;
Fisher & Co., $10; R. C. Atkins & Sons, $10:
Daniel McLeod A Co., $10; Paason A Co., $10:
¦VtUMams Bros.. $10; Wonder Millinery Com
pany. $10: R, T. Kennedy Company, $10: Joe
Poheim. $10: C. G. Gebhardt. $10: Bass-Hueter
Company, $10: L. Lebenbaum & Co., $10; cash.
$10; H. E. Bothtn. $10; Helbing Hat Com
pany, $10; The Elkua Company, $10; Bren
ner-Uhlman Company, $10; C. H. Xteyer
A Bro.. $10; B. Reiss & Son. $10;
Miehalitschke Bros., J10; Louis Kline & Co..
$10; -Meyer Bros. & Co.. $10; Mandelson Bros.,
$10; J. Goliober. $50; Harry Unna Company,
$10; L. Dlnkelsplel's Sons, $10; Heynemann &
Co.. $10: B. Bluinsnthal & Co.. $10: Goldaton
Bros., $10; J. S. Dinkelspiel & Co.. 419; Roth.
Blum & Co. r J10; California Canneries Com
pany. *10; George D. Gray & Co.. $10; R. K.
Nason & Co.. $10; Harris Bros. & Co., $10:
A. L. Bryan Shoe Company, $10; cash. $10;
VT. Davis & Son. $10: Keylstone Boiler Worka.
$10; Christy & Wise Commercial Company. $10:
Payne's Bolt Works. $10: Charles F. Do«, $10;
H. W. Baxter. $10; Leon Millinery Company.
$10: West, Elliot & Gordon, $10; Gulllxson
Bros.. $10: J. L. Lewlson & Co., $10; Summer
flcld & Roman, $10; California Casket Com
pany. $10: Halsted & Co.. $10: H. W. Frank.
$10; California Notion and Toy Company. $10;
Bovee. Toy & Sonntag. $10; Hooker & Lent,
$10; Rothschild & Hadenfeldt. $10; Brooklyn
Hotel. $10: Windsor Hotel. $10; W. R. Knight
& -Co., $10: Crown Paper Company. $10;
Swayne. Hoyt & Co., $10: W. B. Sumner &
Co.. ?10: Merchants' Ice Company. $10: Lewis
Charles W. Pike & Co.. $10; ' Pa
cific Coast Rubber Company, WO;
Schloss Crockery Company. $10; Alex
ander Tost Company, $10; Mlchels & Wand, $10;
Easton, Eldrldge & Co.. $10; Slevers & Boland,
$10; A. Elsenberg A Co.. $10; Vienna Model
Bakery. $10; Reiss Bros. A Co.. $10: Bonestell &
Co.. $10: Bissinger A Co., $10; Lecrallet & Hell
wig. $10; A. B. Patrick & Co.. $10; J. Ivanco
vfch. $10; SIdeman Lachman & Co.. $10; E.
K. Wood, $10: Htckmott Canning Company, $10;
The St#nley-Taylor Company. $10; Filmer-Rol
lins Company. $10: A. Zellerbach & Sons. $10;
Francisco Novelty and Plating "Works, $10: A.
Crocker & Bros.. $10; admirer of William Mc-
Kinley. $10; Stoll & Van Bergen. $10; Baldwin
Annex, $10; E. J. Bowen. $10; Unlori Can Com
pany, $10: J. S. Martenstetn & Co>., $10; General
Electric Company, $10: Maguire & Gallagher.
$10; B. Katehinskl. $10: Whltaker-Ray Com
pany, $10; Butler. Schultz & Co.. $10; P. Priet
& Co., $10; Kagleson & Co.. $10; Grlfflth-Durney
Co., $10; California Fireworks Company, $10; C.
A. Hooper & Co.. $10; H. N. Tllden & Co.. $10;
Governor's Failure to Ex
tend Invitation Arouses
Congressman's Anger
Congressman S. D. "Woods was not one
of the "Governor's party" that left last
evening by the Southern Pacific private
car attached to the Owl train. He resents
•¦deeply the failure of Governor Gage to
extend an invitation to himself and his
colleagues and is not willing- to put him
self in a position possibly to. receive a fur
ther snub from the Governor.
It has been commonly supposed that the
Congressmen received their invitations to
be present at the official welcome to the
President from the Governor, but such
Is not the case. Henry T. Scott Is3ued the
invitations. Informing the Congressmen
at the same time that J. C. Stubbs, vice
president of the Southern Pacific, would
advise with them ' in regard to . the time
and transportation to Redlands. Later
each of those invited received a second
invitation, this time from the Southern
Pacific Company, and they were informed
that a special Pullman car would be at
their service.
At no time did Governor Gage, either
orally or in -writing-, ask the California
Congressmen to participate in the formal
welcome to President McKinley.
"Gage is not fit to occupy the Gover
nor's chair." Congressman "Woods said
last night. -"and after his attitude in this
matter I do not propose to put myself in
danger of a personal snub from him. I am
a member of Congress, occupying a posi
tion of greater hon<w than a Governor
ship possesses. If I were to-be at Red
lands at the official welcome to the Presi
dent I would not consider myself a mere
satellite to Governor Gage. Yet if I took
other than such a part the Governor
might turn upon me and say, '"Who are
you, anyway? Who asked you to join
rs?'
•'I am not such, a fool as to go under
such circumstances. I told both Need
ham and Coombs that they were foolish
to go after one gubernatorial snub and
at the risk of another."
SANTA CRUZ. May 6.— Miss Maud Hoh
mar. of this city, who Is In attendance at
the New England Conservatory of Music
in Boston, has been awarded a scholar
ship for the comine year. Twelve are
given each year, . and Miss Hohman has
been awarded the best of the twelve— the
Mrs. "Jack" Gardner scholarship.
Santa Cruz Miss Wins Honors.
McKINLET ARCH AT MONTE
RET AND FOUR BERKELEY
STUDENT SPEAKERS. ; *
may see him and I wave a salute in his
honor as the train rolls by them.
In 1891 the number of bituminous coal
mines in- operation in Pennsylvania was
705, while on January 1, 1901, the number
had Increased tc 943, an increase of 238, or
more than 25 per cent. .
A S the T>r^ sld^ nt>s train si>eed3
/% < across the sparsely populated
/ \: territory bordering on the sls
/ ter republic to the southward
2_ the preparations for the recep
tion in San Francisco, now but
little more than a week -in future, are
practically completed. There remains but
the filling in of details that will make the
carefully laid plans as perfect as the best
executive ability coupled with painstak
ing effort can make them.
Decoration will occupy the attention of
the! city most prominently for the week.
The wiring of the City Hall and the ferry
depot is proceeding rapidly. Street decor
ation is even now beginning, and within
a few days business houses along the line
of the parade particularly wili be adorned
with flags and gay buntmg. A. Sbar
boro, chairman of the committee on dec
orations, returned last evening from the
East and' will immediately assume super
vision of the work that falls to his com
mittee. ;
Banquet Arrangements Completed.
Banquet arrangements are progressing
most satisfactorily. The citizens' oanquet
commltte-r is keeping its own counsel, but
reports that the demands for tickets ha3
been all that was expected. A. A. Wat
kins, chairman of the committee, said
yesterday that the list of speakers would
not be .announced and that only the spell
binders who are to speak would be in
formed of the selections. Mayor Phe
lan, of course, will be prominent In the
list, as it will fall to his lot to extend to
the President a formal welcome to San
Francisco. Governor. Gage, It is under
stood, will- speak, and there will be four
others who will be asked to condense
their eloquence into five-minute speeches.
Irving M. Scott as chairman of the exe
cutive committee : in charee of all the
arrangements, will preside at the ban
quet.
The Ohio Society banquet committee has
its preparations well in hand.' Its list of
speakers will be announced within a
few da j'S. ¦ -
Will "Welcome Ohio's. Governor.
General John M. Gleaves and W. H.
Jordan, president and vice president re
spectively of the Ohio Society, also left
for Southern' California last evening-.
They will meet Governor Nash's train at
The Needles and will accompany the Ohio
party ! to Redlands and remain with it
until San Francisco is reached.
The Ohio Society sent out a circular yes
terday in which is included the following
programme of events in which the society
will participate:
Monday, May 13— Trolley-car - ride in and
around the city, visit 1 *!}? the Cliff House ana
other places of Interest. Excursion to San
Jose, where the Presidential and Governor
Nash parties will be entertained.
¦ Thursday, Hay 16— "Ohio day"- at the park
during the day. Ohio Society banquet In the
evening: at the Palace Hotel.
Friday, May 17— Trip to Mount Tamalpais.
Saturday, May 18— Launching of battleship.
More Subscriptions Beceived.
The finance committee reports that sat
isfactory progress Is being made in the
collection of subscriptions. Some unex
pected calls for funds have been made but
it is expected that the requisite amount
will be accrued by the appointed time.
The following additional contributions
have been made up to yesterday noon:
.Independent Electric Light and Power Com
payn, $100; California Northwestern Railroad 1
Company, .$100; the Spool Cotton Company, $50;
Russ Estate. J50; The Langham, $50; Rudolph
Spreckels. $25; Bernhard Mattress Company,
$25; Heywood Bros. & Wakefield Company,
$25; Union Gas Company, $25; Oregon Coal and
Navigation Company, $20; S. & G. Gump, $10;
Benjamin Curtaz & Co., $10J Nolan Bros.
Shoe Company, $10; George A. Morse, $10;
Plerce^fe Co., $10; C. A. Malm. $10; Owl Drug
Company, $10; LeCount Bros., $10; Waldeck
Sanatorium, $10; Fuller Desk Company. $10;
cash $10; C. R. Splivalo, $10; Atlantic Gulf
and Pacific Company, $10; C. A. Haight. $10;
S. ti. Jones & Co., $10; James Carolan, $10;
Douglas & "Watson, $10: Dorey & Cunning
ham, $10; H. Otersen, $10; Becker & Rausch
kolb, $10; Thormahler & Bush. $10; Elite sa
loon, $10; L-. and E. Emanuel, $10; Thomas
Jennings. $10; Robert Palache, $10; Golden
Gate Compressed Yeast Company. $10; E. A.-
Fargo & Co. $10; Cartan-McCarthy Company,
$10; Naber. Alfs and Brune. $10; Paul Fried
man, $10; Charles Meinecke & Co., $10; Clin
ton E. "Word.en & Co., $10: J. M. Rademaker.
$10; Woods, Mumm & Flchter, $10; Collins &
Wheeland. $10;/ Hoi turn Bros.. $10; • Wag
ner Leather Company, $10; W. S. Good
fellow, $10; Bunker Hill and Sullivan
M. & C. C. Company, $10; Leege & Haskins.
$10; Geggus &' Sheridan, $10; Pacific Refining
and Roofing Company. $10; D. F. Barton. $10:
Byrcn Jackson Machine Works, $10; employes
Surveyor General's office, $10; Troy Laundry
Machine Company. $10; Boesch Lamp Com
pany, $10; New York Belting and Packing
Company, $10; - Robert L. Topllta & Co.. $10;
E. G. Lyons & Co., $10; Williams & Marvin
Co., J10; California Paint Company, $10; San
Wedding at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, May 6.— Calvary Episco
pal Church was the scene of a pretty
wedding this morning 1 , when Miss Helen
Somers of this city was married to Will
iam Dearborn of Newcastle, Placer
County. Re.v. C. O. , Tillotson officiated.
They are to make .their home at New
castle/ * . •
Fisher, William B.' Greeley and 'Nathan
M. Moran of the graduating class and
Everett J. Brown, a graduate student now
a member of the Hastings Law College.:
who represents the Affiliated Colleges, y ;
The selection was made^by Jhe_ Aca
demic Council of the State University and
the appointment is a very high honor/ in>
deed.- The selections were made^for merit
and because of the nromlnence that .each
individual has attained,' not gnly-^ to-hls
college work but because of - tn £ : st^ I l° 1 1 i\f' '
that he has .attained among.. his. fellow
students | in the student life, of uie , col
lege. -,.
traction for 'this day, and yet the faculty
did not desire to obliterate i entirely tne
. time^ honored custom of .having '.students
take a portion of the exercises' of _tne Oay
upon; their shoulders. 7- m -- " .
Ralnh T Fisher is the president 01 tne
: As^ated- Students. '.He; has been^ most
active in all student, affairs and has been
/particularly .; interested in ¦- debating.^ lie
Sffes^iS^S^^i illl
.^lSn?B SC Gre e \ey 1S a graduate of the
San Jose Hish School, and wiuiMmeye
at Stanford University. He has paid spe
elkr attention to" defeating since his ccn
.SS-ttS?within? State Unlversltv and has
won a place on three Intercollegiate debat
"K teams; an -honor that^few ach^e
Twice ,<he has; represented the atate Uni
versity in the annual Carnot -iebate^ lie
was the organizer and first ¦¦nresiaent 01
the ne%y university debating society, The
; S Nafhan f "& Moran 4ame from f^^
Daflv Callfornian during the second half
of his junior year: at college, and was -the
Btudent representative on .the ex ecuUva
committee, of the University Tax Associ
at^°vPrPtt J Brown , graduated several
velrl alo and^s nowkaking.a cours^in
the Hastings College of w ;>^£ d ll C e"
femes' 6 af r fn| nta co l m1n 0 e f nceme A n? ! S^es.
wagid a most successful campaign fcrhs
with all athletic^ particularly fooU ah of
which he was the manager tor . \v o sga
GOVERNOR GAGE'S PARTV^
EN ROUTE TO REDLANDS
San Francisco .Prepares to Burst Forth in Glory of
; y Flags and Gay Bunting as Time Draws
Near for President's Arrival.
CITIES ON THE ROUTE OF THE PRESIDENT'S JOURNEY BUSY WITH AMBITIOUS
PLANS AND EAGER TO SUSTAIN THE TRADITIONS OF WESTERN HOSPITALITY
PHOENIX, A. T., May 6.— Several
special trains from various parts
of the Territory arrived to-night
and others will arrive In tho
morning- bearing hundreds of
people who come to get a glimpse
of the President and his party, who are
scheduled to arrive In Phoenix at 3 o'clock
Jn the morning. The party will visit the
Congress gold mine, sixty miles north of
Phoenix. They will arrive at Congress for
breakfast, returning to Phoenix at J1
o'clock in the morning. The President will
review the military, civic and Indian dis
play from his carriage and will deliver a
short address from the portico of the
Capitol building. No public reception will
be held. A drive will be made through
the valley and to the Indian school. Phoe
nix is lavishly decorated.
Continued from First Page.
NO IMPERIALISM
BUT PUBLIC WILL
PHOENIX AWAITS COMING
OF ITS EMINENT GUESTS
Special Trains Cany Thousands . to the Temtc>riai
Capital to Greet the President on His
Arrival This Morning*
Ohio Special at Albuquerque.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., May 6.— Ths
special train of the Governor of Ohio and
BENSON. N. M.. May 6.— The Presiden
tial special reached Benson at 8:35 o'clock
to-nleht. The station was Illuminated
and the President spoke a few words to
the crowd. The train will stop at Tucson
at 10:30. It Is due at Phoenix in the morn-
Short Speech at Benson.
Haviner said this much and expressing the
very great satisfaction It has given me to
meet you here at your ' homes, seeing how
comfortable you ail are and learning vour de
votion to the great nation over which by your
suffrages I am permitted for a short time to
preside. I bid you all good afternoon and may
God bless you all.
It grlves me very great pleasure to meet the
people of this territory, who have thronged
hither to give greeting to the President of
the United States. I rejoice at the. progress
you are making, the prosperity you are enjoy
ing, the happiness and contentment I see on
vour faces and the evidences of progress every
where discernible. You gave part of your ter
ritory tp Colorado, which Is now one of the
States of the Union; you gave of your terri
tory to make the territory of Arizona, and
you still have more territory, twice over than
the United Kingdom of Great' Britain. (Ap
plause.) What you wont here is more rain
and more people. (A' voice— " We want to be
connected with you so as to get more rain.")
My friend says you want ' to be connected
with us. Tou are connected with us. You
are of us and close to us. The flag floats
over you as it floats over all: I; appreciate
thW the hope for association with the United
St«es in the relation of statehood spring*
eternal in the. territorial bosom .(applause), and
it is a • Just and honorable and proper as
piration for you to have. ¦ ' * •' ; $
I am sure you will share with me.- to-day In
the expression of sympathy which all of us
feel for the great loss sustained ' in the city
of Jacksonville by the fire that swept over
that city. Thousands have been rendered
homeless and the heart of the' nation goes
out to the suffering and recalls to me, this
being my first Rtop Ktnce leaving the great
State of Texas, that it was with deep regret
that I could not visit Galveston and meet
her brave people. It was last October that
the hurricane swept over Galveston and de
stroyed a large portion of the property In that
enterprising city. The loss of life was ap
palling but with the energy and the enter
prize and the splendid spirit of these people,
all Americans, they have rebuilt that great
city, great as It was before. That is the
American spirit wherever you find it: It Is
the spirit of progre?j, the spirit of advance
ment.
I trust some time In the future. I cannot
tell when.- 1 do not know when, but some timp
in the future, the Consrress of the UnitPd
States will see- fit to make you one of the
States in the constellation of the States of
this republic. I have traveled a lone distance
that I might meet and greet you. You are a
part of the population of the 75.flO0,003 that
constitutes the greatest fr^e government on
the face of the earth (apnlause). 75.000.000 of
people loving peace and never going to war
except when they have to (applause), but
when they do they draw thejr swords in a
rierhteous cause (applause), and with this
whole country united as It Is to-day. North,
South. East and Wept, when we go into battle
anywhere we are Invincible. (Applause.)
DEMING, N. M., May 6.— Shortly after
leaving El Paso the train crossed the line
into New Mexico and ran'" through the
grazing section of the Territory.. It was
a hot and dusty rice. The first stop in
the Territory was made at Deming. where
the President was welcomed by Governor
Otero and staff. There was a big crowd
and a band at the station and the Presi
dent was given a hearty greeting-. W. M.
Berger, president , of the New 'Mexico
Press Association, had met the party at
El Paso and accompanied the train across
the Territory. The address of welcome at
Deming: -was largely devoted to New Mex
ico's claim for statehood. A broad -banner
above the train read, "New Mexico De
mands Statehood." The President replied
as follows: ¦¦*'-¦.
Discussion at Deming
Claim of New Mexico to
Statehood the Theme of
GOVERNOR OTERO
/ GIVES WELCOME
most successful entertainment yet ac
corded the party, and the President so
considered it. The El Paso people did not
attempt too much. President McKinley
had a good rest yesterday, and when he
left to-day was In ' fine spirits.
he, with others, began digging for his
comrades. The first . man reached was
Gilbert Devoe. Beyond a number of se
vere cuts and bruises and the fact that he
was seriously frost-bitten. Devoe was. all
right. There seems to be no doubt of his
recovery, although the writer states that
the man was under the snow for sixteen
hours. The others were all dead when the
rescuing party reached theml •
PETALUMA, May 6.r-WHliam G. Bon
nel! and Miss Edith Haskins of this city
were quietly wedded in Alameda on Sun
day. The announcement of the affair
caused no little excitement here to-day.
The bride's family were not wholly agree
able to the match and the couple planned
an elopement. The. bride is a member of
one of. the best families in Petaluma. The
wedding took place In the Alameda Meth
odist church and was witnessed by a few
close friends. The couple will return here
to reside. .
Petaluma Couple Ignore the Wishes
t of the Young Lady's
Parents.
WEDDING IN ALAMEDA
SEQTTEL TO ELOPEMENT
Clinton Harland, Benjamin Parrent and
Eugene Ansevian, farmers living near
Zebra, were brought here to-night by Con
stable Bigelow charged with assault to
murder. They are suspected of having
been concerned in the whipping of Wil
liam Sellers and his two sons. All denied
complicity in the whitecap affair. They
were put under $4000 bonds. Their prelim
inary examination will take place next
Saturday. Warrants are out for the ar
rest of John McMann. John Benson and
Ethan Allen on the same charge.
Four Madera Mountaineers Accused
of Having Whipped the
. Ssllars.
MADERA, May 6.— Oliver Chetwood.
ALLEGED WHITECAPS
ABE TJNDER ARREST
SEATTLE, May 6.— Particulars of the
snowsllde reported to have occurred at
Sunrise City, Alaska, about March 20 were
received to-day in a letter from Ben S.
"Wesley, a pioneer miner of that section,
to W. D. Van Sicklen of this city. The
elide did not occur at Sunrise, jbut at
Smiths Camp, on Lynx Creek, twenty-two
miles above Sunrise. The dead are: . .
LEE S. GRAHAM, San Jose, Cal.
FRED SHACKLEFORD, Rhode Island.
RICHARD LANE, Fresno, Cal.
HENRY WILLOUGHBY.
HOGAX. known as "Old Man" Ho
gan, San Francisco.
The Elide started on the side of an adja
cent mountain and came thundering down
over a cliff into the camp beneath, a sheer
fall of 600 feet. There had been nothing
to give the men warning of their danger,
end the first known of the impending
catastrophe was when they heard the roar
of the great body sliding down the moun
tain.
-There were at the camp In" all seven
men — two besides the five who were killed.
The entire seven were burled under the
mass, but Frank Fleehardy, a strong
young man, was not buried as deeply as
the rest and oy dint of six hours' hard
work' succeeded In getting out. of, the
slide. As soon as he reached the surface
Victims of the Slide Near
Teller City Number.
Five.
WALL OF SNOW
ENTOMBS THEM
Senor Mallen, the Mexican Consul,", pre
eented each of the ladies with an ex
quisite specimen of drawn work, "for
which his country is famous. In the cen
ter of the piece in wonderful workman
ship were threaded pictures of President
McKinley and President Diaz. Mrs. Mc-
Kinley, who possesses one of the • finest
collections of drawn work In this country,
expressed her delight at the gift. Mrs.
Hammett also presented her with a ¦ rare
old piece of drawn -work valued at $500.
Mrs. McKinley endured the long,
rough, sunny drive remarkably well, con
sidering her ill-health, and ate .rather
heartilv of the Mexican food. -However,
at the 'advice of Dr. Rixey she withdrew
at the eighth course, and accompanied
by Mrs. Hammett, was driven back into
Texas, where she waved her hand as she
passed beneath the Stars and Stripes at
tha customs Inspector's station.
When the Presidential train drew out
of the Southern Pacific station this after
noon there was an immense crowd to wit
ness its departure. Four or five bands
were on hand. As the train drew, slowly
away from the town the President, Cab
inet officers and ladies waved their hand
kerchiefs until the crowd was lost to
All things considered, this has been the
Presents for Mrs. McKinley.
the conclusion of the addresses the party,
Including the Mexican officials, went for
a drive. The President expressed a de
sire to take a look over into Mexico and
was driven down to the international
boundary. There at the office of the
United States customs office he alighted
and chatted for some time with those
around him. The old church of Guada
loupe, over 300 years old, the Spanish,
prison and other interesting buildings in
Juarez were pointed out- to him. From,
the bridge he could plainly see the Sierra
Madre Mountains, sixty miles to the
southward. President Harrison in 1S91
went half-way across the bridge, but
President McKinley to-day did not so
much as set foot upon the structure. On
the way back to the city the party
stopped and cheered the Mexican con
sulate.
Mrs. McKinley and the ladies of the
party were entertained this morning in a
most unique tnanner, , when the distin
guished company crossed the Rio Grande
and spent the morning, in Juarez, Mexico.
They were the guests of Mrs. B. F. Ham
melt, wife of the Mayor of El" Paso, and
eleven of the prominent club and society
ladles of this city. :
After driving around the quaint old
Mexican town, the party was treated to
a typical Mexican breakfast in the patio
of Tnocent Ochoa, one of the wealthy
residents. Mexican wines, fruits and vi
ands of every description were served.
Every article, even the flowers and
draperies, was imported from the Presi
dent's palace In the City of Mexico. The
Tequila wine, made from the cacti and
fifty years old. was the gift of President
Diaz. The national wine, pulque, was
also served with each of the seventeen
courses. The breakfast is said to have
cost $110 a plate. The menus were paint
ed on costly Mexican fans, to which were
attached miniature Mexican sombreros.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL. - ? ¦' j^BpAYi--/.MAT' T^ lwi.
LIFE OF VAN GEISEST. ,
TAKEN. ¦WTTHOUT CAlTSE
AUBURN, May 6.— An Inquest over the
body of : Lorenzo ..Van Geisen, .who was
killed- by Ed -F.nnis, -generally known t as
"Indian Ed," was held at Clipper. Gap
this afternoon. .-The, Coroner's jury re
turned a '.verdict to the effect that de
ceased came to • his ' death by a gunshot
wound inflicted •" by ¦ Ed Ennis without
cause. . ¦ -.¦¦' ¦ ' : .'•¦ ;. . ' .:.¦.'. ; . •
.Ennis Is an Indian. who has been ! .work
ing for, years for "William Ragsdale, a
wealthy rancher,' and the killing occurred
In • Ragsdale' s presence. .Van Geisen and
Ragsdale were ; enemies.', .The friends -.of
Ragsdale .believe "that "the: Indian simply
protected the~ Hie of his employer, !
Babe Left on. Doorstep.
SAN -JOSE, May , 6.— An • infant - a few
hours .old was left' on Friday 'morning,
shortly after midnight, on the doorstep of
the residence of MrsoKearns' Dougherty,
at 44 Magnolia avenue.: Since then a quiet
search ? has < been made • by^ the officers: to
discover its mother,<but without success.
Special Dispatch to This Call.
SAN JOSE,: May 6.— The question* pf
turning Charles, Crill loose is now, .up to
DiPtrict Attorney Campbell, and the date
of the Dunham suspect's release depends
upon" that official. As an attraction Crill
is a "dead "un," for not a dozen persons
called to see him to-day. Two, however—
H. E. Hazelton and G. H. Grove of Santa
Clara— to-day declared positively the man
was not the murderer of the McGllncys.,'.
•The: District Attorney wants further
time to Investigate. Greiner. and he have
held several "consultations.- . The former
will not admit he has not brought . the
right man to California.'. Having expend
ed; considerable money and realizing that
lt^ is ;• lost, \ tlfe detective feels "sore." He
still blames " the people, , and says 1 they
don't want Dunham punished. . :'. "
Greiner. has taken .up his : abode at the
County . Jail; whether from choice or ne
cessity. Is not' known. . At night he occu
pies one of the upper cells! while Crill oc
cupies the room of "Jailer I>riesehmeyer:
Greiner also has his -coffee there' in the
mornings. Of .the two men Crill is the
guest, and! lives. the best.' -'*• ¦ . '.^
One old rancher to-day Identified Deputy
Sheriff Rives, 'whom he supposed , to ¦¦¦ be
Crill,"' as I Dunham. The man .was certain
the. deputy sheriff was Dunham, and ad
vised him to confess.;. ! _ ,
Dunham ¦ Suspect Ceases to
t Interest ( the Santa
Olarans.
GRILL LOSES CASTE
AS AN ATTRACTION
A Month's Test Free;
If you have Dyspepsia, write Dr.Shoop. Racmi.
Wls.,box 137, for six bottles ¦ Dr.Shoop s Restora
tive. Exp.pald. Bend no money. Payja.50 If cured*
McCATTGHERN IS CHOSEN,
CAPTAIN OF TRACK TEAM
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 6.- J.
C. McCaughern of.Hinsdal.N. H., wasito
day chosen captain of the cardinal track
team for next season. ;
This Is McCaughern* s' second year: at
Stanford."- Last' year . he distinguished
himself by winning the intercollegiate 100
yard dash over Drum . and Cadogani- , A
strained ligament" prevented, him;, from
reaching his best form In this year's track
meet. He Is a consistent worker and Is
very popular among the men. ; He is reg
istered in the law department. .;; ..'•¦. • ,
McMASTEB'S ' HISTORY
: THE BOARD'S CHOICE
¦ SACRAMENTO, May 6.— There 'j was a
full, attendance at to-day's ".meeting of
the State. Board of Education, held tore
ceive reports .from the seven members of
the committee i appointed to | recommend a
history for the public schools.-^ There was
a wide diversity, of opinion expressed and
the 'question was debated at considerable
length. Finally McMaster's History was
agreed upon, and steps will be taken to
procure the Use of the copyright. • The
following diplomas were issued:: ,. - - ;
Life 1 diplomas, - high ! school grade— Charlotte
"A. Knoch. Los Angeles: D. W. Lindsay. Mer
ced; Margaret F.Philipson. Los ;, Angeles;
Clara, B.- Tripp. Orange; Sidney . S. Tromble.
¦ Documents' to accompany State University
diplomas— E A. Owen, i Los Angeles ; Edith R.
Stevenson, Kings County.. '. T - 1 .- .-•*¦;
.Documents to accompany normal school di
plomas—Olive E. Hyde. Emily. Towee. Nella
A. West. and May E. Wright, all of Los An
¦ Life diplomas of the grammar school— F; A.
Bonshee, > Mariposa County ; '. , Bessie . M. -Cox.
Jessie M. Crandell. Georglana E. ' Kells. _Lucy
M. GlfTen. Clara H. Houghton, "Mary A._Long,
Mary E. Le Van, Frances M. .Sanders, Minnie
A: Saunders. . Stella Wentworth, Marie White,
all- of LosAngeles. " ¦ \. •¦¦*' ' '¦-
Educational - diplomas. ,- grammar. school-
Louise R.' Curtln, Los Angeles: Elizabeth
Delehanty, Solano; Nannie E. Mock,' Loa An
geles; Kathry - F. ¦ Sterne, Mariposa County.
* if .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, May 6.— San Diego devoted
herself to-day to the reception to the vis
iting men of the Warspite, . arid put In a
full afternoon and evening. The wharves
were black with people while the races
on the bay were being decided. The decks
of the Ranger were crowded with the of
ficers and men. and their Invited guests,
the visitors from the Warspite finding
quarters on board the Ranger. There were
twenty sailing vessels in the main event.
The whitehalls made the trip around the
British ship Pythomene, while the boats
of tne Chula Vista Yacht Club and the
salmon boats went over the full course to
National City, then returning to the ma
rine ways -and back; to the line. The
Josephine, the Ada B., the Billy Boy and
the Avarita were the winners in their re
spective classes." ¦* . .: . . ¦ ,
. In the six-oar gig race three crews com
peted, representing the naval- reserve
boat Pinta, the Ranger and the Warspite.
The former two crews easily drew away
from the Englishmen, finishing a two-mile
course in fifteen minutes and five seconds,
with the Pinta in the lead. :
In the cutter race the ten-oar crew of
the Ranger walked away from two of the
twelve-oar crews of the - WarsDlte with
reasonable ease, beating- them to the turn
and reaching the flnish'of. the course
21 1-5 seconds and 39 4-5 seconds ahead of
the respective visiting crewa. The Ranger
crew with less oars would have been tn
titled to a time allowance, but It did not
need it. ¦. •.. .. ,. ¦- , -
The evening was- devoted to a water
carnival, with a parade by the electrically
lighted.- Queen's barge. . Nearly 100 illum
inated launches, barges and other craft
participated. The parade was followed by
fireworks, all aerial pieces. ¦ ¦ Oiflcers of
the Warspite were entertained -/oir board
the • Ranger during the evening, together
with the city officials and members of the
Cuyamaca and Country Clubs.' . ..»•''
. A ball to-morrow i evening at the Hotel
Del Coronado will close the reception and
the Warspite will sail . for the north • on
Wednesday morning. / v; r
San Diego Devotes a Day to
Amusing the Men of the
Warspite. /
YANKEE TARS TEST
BRAWN OF BRITONS
Special Dispatch • to The Call.
CHICO, May 6.— Ghico has on her, holi
day attire, for the Grand Court, Foresters
of America, which will convene here to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock and continue
in session throughout the, week. The com
mittee in charge has spared neither
money nor labor In preparation ; for enter
taining the 'large number of visitors who
will be here/' Each awning post Jn .the
business part of' the city is decorated with
a large evergreen, while across the streets
at intervals o'f twenty feet are suspended
hundreds of banners and lights.\,- .- . ,
An excursion train "bearing 500 grand
officers, delegates and friends arrived at
6:50 o'clock this evening. The" visitors
were met at the depot by Court Butte
and the Eighth Regiment band, by which
they were escorted to Armory Hall, "where
the sessions of the Grand Court are to_be
held. After an exchange of greetings the
delegates were escorted to dinner, l his
evening the visitors were entertained by a
band'concert in City Park. '¦
Delegates Gather for the Ses
sion, of tne Grand
'. ' ¦ Court.
CHICOANS WELCOME
VISITING FORESTERS
OAKLAND, May 6.— Three stu
dents and one graduate will
have the' honor of speaking
! from the same platform with
President' McKinlev on com
mencement day at the State
Universits-. The four upon
whom this honor will fair are Ralph T.
In the programme of the day these Tour
will precede President McKinley and will
be allowed the modest time of four min
utes on the platform with the President.
This has been done because the President
has been allotted the major portion of the
commencement day exercises. President
McKinley Is, of course, the center of at-
party reached Albuquerque at 11:10 o'clock
to-night, exactly on time. The party had
n dpliehtful day in New Mexico. The
weather was perfect The two hours
S at Las Vegas Hot Sprtnp • were
much enjoyed. For nearly, air this is the
first visit to the Territory. Much merri
ment was created this evening by a mock
trial participated in by leading members
of the party. .
HAYWARDS MAKES'
MODEST REQUEST
¦ . . ' "~*# • .
School Children Want to
See President as Train
Rolls Slowly by Them
The people of Hay wards have made a
2
To Cure a' Co tdi in One Day.'
Take Laxative , Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. : 25c ; •
Dr. Sanden's ELECTRIC BELT
a and Electric Herculex
rKhh IKiJiL,
My latest invention, the Dr. Sanden Herculex Body Battery 1901
Model, with suspensory, cures weak men. results of youthful errors, Im-
poteacy, Nervousness, Lame Back, Varicocele, S eta Other attachments
used by women as well for Rheumatism, Stomach, Bladder Troubles, etc.
"Herculex" is worn comfortably around the waist at night, curing while
you sleep. "Great improvement over ordinary electric belts, though I still
make the regular Dr. Sanden Electric • Belt (imitated by others) and
either that or my new " Herculex" will be sent to sufferers on sixty days'
FREE TRIAL WITHOUT ONE CENT. IN ADVANCE "OR ON DEPOSIT. Call personally
at my office for free consultation or, write to-day sending symptoms. My
descriptive book sent sealed free by mail.
DR. A.SANDEN. 6-0* Farrell Street, San Francisco, Calai
Office Hours, 9 to 6; Wed. and Sat. Evenings until 9. Sundays 10 to x. .1
I Our popular $1.95 hat 1
§1 There are. a great many men who go to a hat store -p
P fora hat; ; that's all very well and proper for the man that l|
H has plenty to spend for his attire. ||j
U .; But the man who must make his dollars count ought B
if to be interested in our hat department, because he can S
H -buy hats here at prices much less than those of exclusive H
H dealers. Now,, for instance, we sell a hat for $1.95 which H
B is the equal of any $2.50 hat sold about town in the regular m
H hat stores; the hats come in all the popular shapes anc'gj
If colors, including the pearl golf, which is being worn now. ||
H iiil Out-of-town orders filled— write us. ||Majesty's permission will presently present the
same.
It is also my honor and pleasant duty to
bid the fair maids of your court a hearty wel
come to the festivities of the week, and, as
with you. so with them — theirs to command,
ours to obey.
Most worthy Queen. I present you with the
grolden key of the city in token that all with
in its gates is yours, that the freedom of
the city is extended to you. May your reign
be as happy and Joyful as these thousands of
loyal subjects may be able to make it.
The robes of Queen Edith were of great
magnificence. She sat high on the great
throne, which bore a canopy with a crown
SACRAMENTO, May 6. — Thirty
thousand people surged through
the carnival streets to
witness the formal opening of the
Street Fair and the coronation of
Miss Edith Tufts as the Queen of the
Carnival. This ceremony was attended by
exercises of an elaborate order and the
presentation of the golden key of the city
to Queen Edith by Director General Clark
in these words:
Edith, Queen of the Carnival, I salute Your
Highness, and as Director General on behalf
of the Street Fair Committee, I bid you wel
come to your own.
We. your humble subjects, recognize your
authority and vogue prerogatives In all the
fullness thereof, and would indicate to your
Majesty that your mirth Is our law, your de
sire our command.
We have prepared divers amusements for
your Majesty's entertainment and with your
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TWO FAIR MAIDS OP HONOR IN
THE COURT OF THE CARNIVAL
QUEEN.
VICTORIA, B. C, Muy 6.— The steamer
Queen City, from the-.west coast, brought
down $1300 In gold dust from Wreck Bay.
If was washed up in a week.
Gold From Wi^ck B&j.
TIENTSIN. May «.— The Russian lieu
tenant. Telekovs-ky, from the gunboat
Bobr, was shot dea3 by a German soldier
during a fracas on the Taku road. The
German fired in self-defense. The lieu
tenant had attacked him with a dirk.
" BERLIN, May 6.— The National Zeitung
publishes a statement, evidently Inspired,
regarding the withdrawal from the pro
vince of Chill. The withdrawal, it ap
pears, ¦will be under Count von Walder
see's command, no nation proceeding
alone. The first step will be a note sent
to the Chinese commissioners, naming the
total indemnity. If China gives a written
pledge of payment the greater portion of
the foreign troops v.iil be withdrawn, but
a sufficient number will remain until tho
indemnity question is settled. Not until
then will all the troops be withdrawn,
with the exception of the legation guards
and the garrisons between Peking and
the coast. . •
. .¦ •
Discharge of volunteer Officers.
WASHINGTON. May 6.— An order is
sued to-day by the War Department hon
orably discharges a number of volunteer
officers. AmonK them are Major Generals
Shafter and Wood, Brijadier Generals
Barry and Barber, to take effect on June
30: Brigadier Generals Whltside, Bell,
Bird, Hare, Lone. Balance and Bliss, to
take effect June 20.
BUSSIAiN LIEUfaESTANT
SHOT BY A GERMAN
LONDON, May 6.— The War Office to
day officially gave out the total number
of deaths in the South .African war at
714 officers and 14,264 men. Four officers
and 314 men have been invalided . home
and subsequently 'died. Two thousand,
four hundred and ninety-three "non-com
missioned officers and men have left the
service unfit for duty. ; •
Replying to a question in the House of
Commons yesterday, War Secretary Brod
rlck said that among the prisoners cap
tured in South Africa were twenty-six
Americans, besides thirteen others claim
ing to be burghers. There was no inten
tion of releasing any of the prisoners until
the war was over. : -^ -'
A special from Kierksdorp. Transvaal
Colony, says: General Oelarey's force of
4000 Boers, which has been in the hills
around Hartebeestfontein, is splitting up.
Some of the men are moving to the south
west, while others are going north. De
larey himself is moving south.
A Brussels special says: It is reported
that the Delagoa Bay railroad has again
been destroyed by. . Boer forces under
Commandant Boyer. , ¦*¦ .; .¦
A special from Cape Town says:- Sheep
er's and Kritzinger's commands, which
have been roving in the midlands of the
Cape Colony districts for five months, are
being sharply pursued. Kritzing-er recent
ly burned a supply train near Royner.
WASHINGTON,- May 6.— It is learned
at the State Department that the Presi
dent has made no statement through any
of the usual channels to the effect that he
would refuse to receive Kruger officially
or unofficially. The Government has
made no promises as to the character of
his reception if he should decide to come
here. * ' . »
BRITISH TROOPS ARE WEARY.
Pretoria Correspondent Urges Send-
ing of Fresh Men.
LONDON. May 7.— The Pretoria corre
spondent of the Times, iri a letter dated
April 6, describes the insecurity of the
Delagoa Bay Railway and constant delays
and stoppages due to systematic attempts
Dy Boer commandos to wreck' the lines
and trains with mines. Like the Times*
Kroonstadt correspondent, he also insists
upon the imperative necessity of replacing 1
me stale British troops by fresh drafts,
declaring that "unless the war is finished
Commenting upon the communications
from its correspondents in Kroonstadt and
Pretoria. thf> Times says:
"The large captyxes of Boers since tb#a»
letters were written give promise of a bet
ter state of things, but the Government
ought to do its utmost. Unfortunately, it
!s out of the question In present circum
stances, to carry cut the general system
of relief, but something might surely b«
doi'e for the battalions which have suf
fered most." '»¦*•:.=
by September we must resign ourselves tt>
a continuance for another year."
Nearly Fifteen Thousand^ Soldiers Have Perished,
and More Than Two Thousand More Have
Left the Service Unfit for Duty.
HEAVY COST OF THE SOUTH
AFRICAN WAR TO BRITAIN
THE SAN FJKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 7,' 1901.
It is claimed ; that within a few years the
electric motor will completely supplant the
steam locomotive, and ¦ trains will then rush
along at a speed of 100 miles an hour. To,
travelers . this will prove a, great , blessing, but
no more so than Hostetter's Stomach Bitters
has proved - a . blessing to those who • wish to
regain their health quickly. The ¦ Bitters cure
dyspepsia.'- Indigestion,' biliousness, -malaria,
fever, and ' a^ue, \ also improves the appetite
and purifies the blood. ¦•¦¦.¦
The Steam Locomotive Doomed.
Sister Simeon of Sacred Heart Hos
pital in Spokane Leaps to
Her Death.
SPOKANE, May 6.— Sister Simeon of
¦Sacred Heart Hospital lies dead and Sister
Gregory is suffering from Injuries that
may Drove fatal, as the, result of a run
away accident. They went driving with a
hospital patient this afternoon. and the
team ran away. The women jumped from
Ihe carriage.
wins Fame as an Artist.
SANTA CRUZ, May 6.— A painting by
Mrs. J. Philip Smith of Santa' Cruz ;ftas
3een accepted for the Champa Elysees Sa
on in Paris' for this year's exhibit.'. Out
>f 8000 submitted to the jury 250 were se
eded. Mrs. Smith's subject was "Brit
any Peasant."
LOSES HER LIFE IN
RUNAWAY DISASTER
PETALUMA, May 6.— Mrs. Ellen Wy
att, wife of Hiram Wyatt, a local stock
man, went violently insane at her home
here to-day. The mania came unexpect
edly, and in her frenzy the woman at
tacked severalof her neighbors, striking
end bltine them. Mrs. J. Inealls was
choked almost into insensibility. Mrs.
Wyatt was finally controlled and confined
in a private asylum. Later she was ex
amined and ordered committed to the
State's asylum at Ukiah.
Mrs. Wyatt's mind has been failing for
some time. Several months ago the
woman's baby was scalded to death,
upsetting upon itself a pot of boiling oil.
Grief over this affair weakened the moth
er's reason.
Mother's Reason.
Grief Over Babe's Death Shatters a
BECOMES VIOLENTLY INSANE.
"Oh. yes," Nisht replied.
Rubenstein then passed down the road
to where Johnson was walking behind the
w;.gon, left his cart and shot Johnson in
the breast, holding the weapon so close
that the victim's clothes caught fire. He
leturned to the hay wagon and, without
warning, shot Night in the back, killing
him almost instantly. Night was un
hitching the horses and Vanderhoof, who
drove the hay wagon, was still on the
lead.
Night, the Indian and a man named
Vanderhoof were engaged in hauling hay
from the field to a, stack in the Scott
yard, where Rubensteln made a practice
of feeding his horse at\noon. He had just
hitched his horse and Wssed by the load
of hay, while Night was fixing the neck
yoke.
"You are my friend, are you?" he called
to Night.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 6.— John Ruben
stein, who carries the mail from Phoenix
to Scottsdale, ten ] miles northeast of
Phoenix, shot and instantly killed Amos
Night and an Indian named Peter John
son, both of whom were employed on the
ranch of Winfleld Scott, a retired army
chaplain. The tragedy took place at noon
to-day. There was absolutely no provoca
tion and no quarrel, and the man, who is
now in custody, is believed to be insane.
He has been known for a long time as er
ratic and eccentric, but was never before
considered dangerous. His previous occu
pation was selling popcorn on the streets
of Phoenix, where lie earned the sobriquet
of "Popcorn John."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Popcorn John" Attacks the
Employes on a Phoenix
Ranch.
MANIAC WANTONLY
MURDERS TWO MEN
TWO JOKERS AEE •KTT.T.TTT)
whh.t. TEASING A FRIEND
Fatal Termination of. a Pretended
Hanging In an Iowa
Town.
DAVENPORT, Iowa, May 6.— Emil
Mohr and Charles Reis were instantly
killed last night while pretending: to hang
AugTist Blunk on a pulley outside the In
dependence Malting- Company's building.
Mohr and Reis with Gus Siems were teas
ing Blunk and wound up by tying a rope
around his waist with the avowed inten
tion of hanging him. The strain on the
rope caused the fastenings, sixty feet
above, to give way. An iron pulley struck
Reis on the head, crushing it into a
shapeless mass, and a falling scantling
brained Mohr. Blunk was slightly in
jured.
ARE NOT GUILTY OF '
INTEIJTIOirAI. TRESPASS
I>ord Paiincefote Intercedes With. Do
minion Government in Behalf
of Willamette Wreckers.
WASHINGTON', May 6.— It having been
demonstrated to the satisfaction of Lord
Pauncefote that Moran Brothers of Seat
tle acted under a misapprehension of the
law and were not sruilty of intentional
trespass In sending ilie wrecking steamer
AJax to the wreck of the Willamette the
Embassador has intervened with the Do
minion Government for the purpose of se
curing clemency for the wreckers.
SUICIDE TERMINATES
CHILDISH TROUBLES
Palouse River Gives Up the
Body of Missing Laura
Morgan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLFAX, Wash., May 6.— The mystery
over the disappearance nearly two months
ago of Laura Morgan, a twelve year old
schoolgirl, was cleared to-dav when a
searching party found the body of the
girl on a sandbar in the Palouse River,
four miles west of Colfax. It was lying
on the bank, fully dressed. Mrs. Morgan
was nearly crazed when the. body was.
found, and it required the efforts of a.
number of persons to restrain her from
plunging into the river.
Laura Morgan had been suspended from
school Tor. one day for a slight infraction
of the rules and left school with two
books under her arm. The<Tiext morningr
her cap was found on a bridge a mile from
town and her books on the bank of the
river near the bridge. A search was made
as far south as. Los Angeles and east to
Texas, as it was believed she had dressed
in boy's clothing 1 and ran away, as she
had threatened to do. Arizona officers, in
fact, have been for some days on the trail
of a young female tramp who was be
li«v*»d to be Miss Morgan.
wig. Arranged gracefully upon the
throne and surrounding the carnival ruler
were the maids of honor, contributed b:
sixteen of the towns of Northern Callfoi
SINKS INTO THE SEA
WITH RESCUE NEAR
Death Wins Luckless Sailor
by a Thirty-Second
Margin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT TOWNSEND, May C.-Af ter hav
ing fallen overboard from the barkentine
Retriever, caught the log line and been
towed a distance of six miles, Seaman D.
McLean came to his death just as rescue
was at hand. The Retriever sailed from
here for-Iquique on November 7. On No
vember 26 McLean fell overboard. He suc
ceeded In catching the log line, to which
he held fast. A boat was lowered, -buf a
high sea was running and the craft was
swamped. A second boat was lowered,
and while It was picking up the men. from
the first the Retriever had made about
six miles, with McLean hanging to the
log line. The vessel was then brought up
into the wind and the captain and second
mate began hauling in the line.
When McLean had been piiiled up to the
stern of the vessel Second Mate K. E.
Seymour went over the stern. "While he
was putting a line around McLean
the unfortunate man loosened his hold on
the log line and sank out of sight. In
thirty seconds be would have been rea
cued. '""•;> >. ;
McLean was 32 years of age and had
relatives residing in Cleveland, Ohio.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Changes Among Postofnces and New
Pensions Granted. j
WASHINGTON, May 6.-The Postofflce '
Department has issued these orders: Post
offlce established: Washington— Jersey,
KHckitat County, John H. Hunt Postmas
ter. Postofflce discontinued: 'Oregon— Pet
tys, Morrow County, mail should be sent'
to lone. Postmasters commissioned: Ore- j
gon— Edward SImms, Garrison; Washing
ton—Daniel A. Griffin, Deming; Nye N.
Rambo, Hockinson. Postmaster appoint- '
ed: California— J. H. Downey, Gold, Ma- ;
dera County, vice W. S. Ward, resigned. I
Pensions were issued to-day as follows:
California — Original — James Mathews.
Hearst, $8. Increase— George W. Tate, San
Francisco> $10; Martin A. Baker, Santa
Ana, $8. Original widows— Catherine ;
Hogue, San Francisco. $8; Sarah Stewart,' :
Monterey, $12; Mary E. Green, Prunedale, '
$8; Hannah Brayman, San Jose. $8. War
with Spain— Original— Charles B. Perry,
Angels (Camp, $8. -.
Oregon— Original— Sanford O. Pease,
Summerlake. S8; George Thompson, Cot
tage Grove, ?6. ¦
Fuller Elected Mayor of Napa.
NAPA, May' 6.— In the city election to- j
dav the following officers were 'sleeted:
Mayor, J. A. Fuller; City Clerk, Henry
Thompson; Marshal, N. S. Thomas; Coun
cilmen, Ed Manasse, Richard Cuff and
E. W. Jaensch. . 's'*\'J
Shbrtridge Will Speak.
SANTA CRUZ, May. 6.— Samuel M.
Shortridge has been invited by the "Wal
lace Reynolds Post, Grand Army of the
Republic, to , deliver, the Memorial day
oration here and has accepted,
Evey inch of the grand stand, covering
nearly two acres of space, was occupied
and the Midway ¦was so densely crowded
that to move about at all was next to im
possible. It was one of the biggest throngs
ever seen in the capital city. The even
ing was perfect and the carnival streets,
with their •white arches .glistening with
electricity, their thousands of red-globed
cross lights and their attractive booths,
made a spectacle which comported- well
with the scenes on the Midway.
To-morrow will witness the floral pa
rade, which will be one of the great
events of the week. Every train is bring
ing hundreds of visitors.
nia. They were attired in becoming gowns
of white. • •
LONDON," May 7. — According to ' the
Rome correspondent of the Daily Chroni
cle, Mgr. Palewski, apostolic delegate in
Bombay, will be nominated delegate for
either Canada or the United States.
To B2 Papal Delegate.
canal."
TV., WASHINGTON, May 6— In cider to
remove the objection raised by the Isth
mian Canal Commission, the Panama
Canal Company, with the approval of the
Colombian Government, has announced
the terms upon which it will sell the Pan
ama canal to the United States. A letter
containing its proposition was submitted
to Rear Admiral Walker, chairman of
the commission, to-day by Dr. Martinez
Silva, Colombian Minister.
No price is ret by the company for its
property and franchise. It suggests the
appointment of appraisers, one by the
United States and ¦ one by the company,
these two appraisers to select a third, the
estimate cf the board thus formed to be
final. No conditions whatever are at
tached to the proposal. It is a clean offer
and will, it is expected by advocates of
the Panama canal route, have an im
portant effect upon the final recommenda
tions of the commission.
"The concession of the company con
tains a provision," Senor Silva said, "un
der which it becomes forfeit the moment
the company enters into negotiations with
a foreign Government for the transfer of
its rights. Before the submission of the
preliminary report of the commission the
company did not have permission of the
Colombian Government to enter into ne
gotiations with the United States, and M.
Hntiri, president of the company, was
therefore unable to announce the terms
upon which the concession might be sold.
In its preliminary report the commission
referred to his inability to mak« a propo
sition, and placed stress upon it as an
Important objection in the way of the ac
quisition by the United States of the
Its Offer Approved by the Colombian
Government.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N<
TERMS OF PANAMA COMPACT
Pauncefote has received from. Secretary
Hay the draft of a new Nicaragua canal
treaty. It is understood that It advises
neutrality.
WASHINGTON, May 6.— It is learned
from an authoritative source that before
Secretary Hay left here for the "West he
had several conferences with Lord
Pauncefote relative to the basis for an
other Isthmian canal treaty and that an
unofficial written memorandum also was
submitted to Lord Pauncefote on the sub
ject. ! The Embassador has made known
the general results of the conversations
and of the memorandum to the authorities
In London, and it is doubtless to this that
allusion is made In the London dis
patches. It is said, however, that the ne
gotiations are so tentative and informal
that they are not regarded as an official
exchange or proposition. What they em
body is not known here, though it is un
derstood they are chiefly an exposition of
the views of the United States Senators
as to the essential features which should
be Included in the treaty.
"While it is not .x proffer of a treaty.
It conveys to the British authorities what
Is considered essential by the Senators
¦who control the ratincation of any treaty
which will be made. It also is learned
Indirectly from Senators who have been
consulted that among the chief features
in the negotiations r_re 'a neutralizing of
the canal, the United States alone under
taking to guarantee this neutrality, and
the admission of all shipping on an equal
basis with that of ihe United States.
Although, as stated, the conferences
and these written memorandums have
been exchanged, it ia not expected that
there will be any iurther negotiations
prior to Lord Pauncefote's departure for
London, which occurs on June 5 or during
his absence. The British embassy will
remove to Newport as soon as the Em
bassador leaves.
Neutrality the Keynote
of the Most Recent
Conferences.
Negotiations Between Amer
ica and England Concerning
Nicaragua "Waterway.
•
LONDON. May 6.— The Associated Press
has been officially notified that Lord
DRAFT OF NEW
CANAL TREATY
, As the passenger train rounded the
curve Engineer Brown saw his peril, but
he stuck to his post, reversed his engine,
threw, on the airbrake to the emergency
notch, applied the sand and awaited the
crash. At the last moment the men on
the freight engine jumped, escaping se
rious injury.
The crash was terrific. The freight en
gine was thrown across the tracks and
the passenger engine hurled down the
twenty-foot embankment, followed by the
baggage car, the express car, the day
coach and three chair cars. '
Thayer is situated in the bed of a deep
ravine and on either side of ¦ the station
the track curves sharply. Neither en
gineer could see the other's train until
they .were -within" twenty-five feet of each
other. The passenger train was running
at a high rate of speed. The engineer of
the freight train heard the passenger train
coming and made the utmost endeavor to
back ' his heavy train on the sidetrack.
He succeeded in getting all but the en
gine on the siding when the crash came.
OTTUMWA, Iowa, May 6.— A Burling
ton passenger train. No. 3, was wrecked
to-day while passing 1 Thayer, a small
town eighteen _ miles east of Creston,
causing the death of. Engineer S. D.
Brown of .Burlington and injuring over
a score of passengers, none fatally. The
locomotive hauling- the ¦ passenger train
struck an engine attached to a freight
train that ,was backing on a side track.
The passenger engine" and all but two
cars of the passenger train left the rails
and rolled down a twenty-foot embank
ment. '-i"v.y- ; -
Two Trains Meet in Iowa and
, a Score of Passengers
Are Injured.
Stays at His Post and
, Perishes in an Awful
Collision.
ENGINEER MEETS
DEATH OF HERO
Mighty Gathering Pays Homage to Beauty at the Imposing Ceremo
nial Opening the Street Fair in the Capital Qty.
THIRTY THOUSAND PEOPLE VIEW
THE CROWNING OF QUEEN EDITH
ajid the letter "E" emblazoned on the
front. By her side stood the Prime Min
ister. J. V. Powers, attired in court garb
of creamy satin, and wearing a powdered
*>a
3
on clothing guarantees that the garments are made by skilled, white, union men, the best
workmen in the world — that the clothing is made under the best sanitary conditions, as re-
gards light,- ventilation and commodious quarters — that it is clean, well made, stylishly cut
clothing, satisfactory in every particular. If you are a union man you will necessarily buy
union-made clothing. If your occupation does not warrant your unionizing-, wear union-made
clothing anyway, and you will wear good, well-made clothes.
The "Yeargood" Label
is our own label that we put on our clothes to guarantee them personally; this guarantee cov-
ers the making and the material, too — it protects the customer to the fullest extent. What
better clothing would one want than union-made, guaranteed, money-back clothing like ours?
IP A Box Overcoat
We are having a sale of box overcoats; found we were pretty well stocked with them,
and as'the season suggests box overcoats we put them on sale by reducing the coats from
$10.00 to
$7. SO
They come in three swell shades — tan,' olive and brown, and being union made you
Special Sale of Sailor Suits
There is a sale going on in our children's department, too. that is a money-saving
proposition for mothers who buy. We have 'taken some sailor suits for boys from 4 to 12
years\of age and reduced them considerably; they are made of flannels and cheviots in in-
visible plaids, chalk line stripes and mixtures, with neatrerhbroidered trimmings; they are
worth $2.50; special price
*i> _ /I _
W& va ya » 74 yam gg; & gs K.sg k
I SAM YAR8KLL, *
gf famous *Merhber of. Brotoertjood of l Car_- -^
peocers:and Joiners.
8* 7 88
.Weil Jcnown to all American Toilers.. Served' aa Delegate'
y% to Five Big Conventions, Represented his JJnioh'i at 38
the Nashville and Cincinnati Convention of
9% the American Federation of Labor. %£
g£ An' Interesting Man— What he says about Warners safe'gg
Cure, tho Greatest Kidney Cure of the Age.
' 8fr %~- r i/^^C ¦ -¦. c»
"flTADElMY^URDEN.LIGHTER." ¦
g2( • . Chicago, Feb. 10.1901. ©a
** Warner's Safe Cure Co.7 Rochester, N. Y. *
,y Gentlemen:—! do not claim that Warner's Safe Cure is a Cure-all, but '
So do readily admit that it has made my burden lighter, by building up my So
run-down system. The ailment of greatest hindrance to me was kidney,
Pji trouble, which, as- those who suffer from it know, absolutely unfits a man Og
for business, especially when he is of a nervous temperament.
/^» Safe Cure has built me up so that I can safely pronounce it the superior *-
~ of any proprietary medicine ever used bv my family" or myself %
' • SAM YARNELLLi
So All persons whose kidneys are diseased in any way, 5S
no matter how slightly or seriously they may be vyC
gg? affected, should go to the nearest druggist and gg
get a bottle of Warner's Safe Cure.
«5 i ' Frtc Sample of Warner's Safe Cure sent on application. Address Sample Departinenu • ©g
*>* Warner's Safe Cure Co . Rochester. N Y. > • ¦&**
% %r% 82 '& ga % n 88 % a iz asa£s=rr^ HE P°t hunters at Oakland yester-
I day bagged a great bunch of long
I shots. When the talent and book
il ies had squared away Tor action
Gaylon Brown began proceedings
by running the blockade at odds of 40 to 1.
The bombardment then became general
and' Lost Girl led her company in the mile
and fifty yard run past the review stand,
with 7 to 1 about her In the rinir. A man
euver at the post in the 2-year-old dress
parade cost the favorite. St. Philippina, a
square of ground, and quoted at 10 to 1
Tpmpion, the Burns & Waterhouse en
try, "double quicked" in. Biglit on topW
these successes Invictus, a 40 to 1 outsider,
"hiked" in a neck before Cougar for the
six and a half furlong run. Moonbright, the
favorite for this event, bled and a lucky
speculator took SSOOO out of the ring, so
reported. Meehanus. favorite far the next
evolution, was early ambushed, which per
mitted Doublet, a 7 to 1 phot, to be trailed
in by the 100 to 1 chance Mellocole. While
the horses were at the post the latter was
backed down to 30. Then came a victory
for MacGyle, the 3 to 2 favorite, and the
conflict ceased.
Beautiful weather and an excellent at
tendance characterized the aport, -ana
while five of six favorites were massacred
it could not be said the ring was greatly
benefited thereby. As jockeys have
ceased to cut much of a figure each one or
the various successful horses commanded
eeme sort of a following. Ransch was the
only jockey to pilot more than on« winner.
Fcr the opening five furlong sprint there
v. -s no nronounced choice, and r\t odd* t<r
SO and 40" to 1 Gaylon Brown beat Illilouon,
pcssiblv the favorite, a length. Companion
finished a fair third. Parsifal ran just
beyond the money.
Carrying no stable commission. Lost
Girl turned up an eass winner of the mile
and fifty-yard selling affair. The old mare
was on her good behavior, and taking the
lead when headed for home led out the
favorite Formero six lengths. Jimmy
Bozeman. who rode the latter, managed
to get cut off at the start, greatly impair
ing his chances. Loconomo, played from
li to 5, and the real joker in the deck, fin
ished in the show.
Ned Lanigan's fast filly. St. Philippina.
held a hard hand in the two-year-old
sprint at five furlongs. A 7 to 5 chance
and pounds the best, she was cut off right
pfter the start, compelling Matthews to
take her far back. Then, threading her
way through the field after many ups
and downs, she was downed only a length
by Tompion. a 10 to 1 shot. During her
c-xploits St. Philippina "grabbed her quar
ter.-' pulling up very lame. Tyranus was
third.'
With a new fangled handicap table and
a well defined bump of imagination it
vras fjossible to "dope" Invictus a gTeat
chance for the six and a half furlong
number, for which Moonbright closed fa
vorite. The last named filly was attacked
with a hemorrhage when looking a win
ner, and in a fierce drive* Fauntleroy on
Invictus docked just a. neck before Cou
prar. Lincoln Jackson, weighing about 55
pounds, wearing a collar button and
standing in his stocking feet, got home
third on Fondo. a 100 to 1 shot.
BY T. E. MTTLHOLLAMD.
JAMES A. HERNE'S "SAG HARBOR"
IS A STRONG PLAY WELL ACTED
"The Octoroon" at the Central Is Highly Praised— "The Lottery of
Love'* at the California-— Good Bill at die Orpheum*
SHAMROCK II
RHOVES SPEEDY
TKe 'Giip DefencierWalks
Away. From Her
-
Yacht.
Designer Watson IslHignly
Pleased With;the New^
SOUTHAMPTON, May 6.— The V Sham
rock II had her second spin this morn
ing. A fresh squally northeast wind
promised just the conditions' Captain
Sycamore desired to supplement Satur
day's light r breeze trial. The chief in
terest now centers in the cup challenger's
behavior when poking her long bow Into
a rough sea. . .
A preliminary brush between the two
Shamrocks , is , expected "Wednesday, but
the first match 'race round a set course is
not: likely to take place until late In "the
week or. early; next week. Mr. Fife will
arrive here Saturday to take charge of
the Shamrock:!.
The preparations for getting under way
< were started early. When the two Sham
rocks were still inside Southampton water
1 the wind drew north and became light.
The challenger set a club topsail and the
Shamrock I set a much larger club top
sail. At the start the challenger ran out
ahead, but the "Shamrock I, catching a
good breeze, soon began to overhaul her.
The challenger, set a jib and staysail, but
though the breeze here was light and the I
water smooth- the Shamrock I held close
astern, losing nothing from Nettley to
Calshot. There, they hauled in the wind
and reached along in a fresher breeze,
the challenger leading by half a minute
passing the spit light.
After clearing the spit light the new
Shamrock drew away from the older boat
rapidly. The real spin was begun later,
however, when the two yachts were lined
up off the squadron. At the signal the
Shamrock II gave the advantage of the
start to the Shamrock I, with the seeming
intention of seeing If she could make up
half a mile on the retch out of Lyming
ton. The experiment was apparently sat
isfactory, for the new yacht in half an
hour had drawn ahead und_er the lee of
the older craft. She then ' threw round
and just failed to cross ahead of the
Shamrock I. Passing close astern of the
latter Shamrock II was luffed up and
pointing very high passed the Shamrock
I wide to the weather, bearing away
across the latter's bows, offering ample
proof that she was not pushed to her full
limit. Then the Evih took up position
and the two sailing craft rounded, the
Shamrock II slowing down so that the
Shamrock I- went over the line two min
utes ahead.
All the way down the Shamrocks had
a good ten-knot breeze and a strong tide
with littfe sea with them. Under these
conditions the Shamrock 1 was no match
for the new challenger.
Jib and topsail were set as the boats
ran back to Cowes Roads. All the way
back they had a strong tide and a stern
wind, which fell lighter. Going free the
.new yacht was quite unable to catch the
Shamrock I and for five miles there was
no perceptible change in their positions.
A big reaching jib was tried on the Sham
rock II. but even then the older boat held
. her distance and at the finish of the spin
the gap between them was practically the
same as when they started.
Novel Bequest of a Count.
PARIS, May 6.— The late Count St.
Ouen de Pierrecourt, whose family dates
back to i "William the Conqueror, be
queathed to the city of Rouen hl3 fortune
of; 10,000,000 francs on the novel condition
that the city annually jrlve a marriage
gift of 100,000 francs to a couple of slants,
in order to regenerate th& human species.
The candidates are to be medically exam
ined,' and the healthiest couple will be
chosen. ¦ . . ...
SHOWER OF LONG SHOTS
AT TRACK OVER THE BAY
Invictus, at 40 to \, Wins From Gougar—Tom
pion Beats the Fleet-Footed St. Philippina.
THE SAN, FRANCISCO : CALL, };TJJ|iSDAY, ;;MA Y^;7, ;: 190L
24O9. SIXTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth;
Belling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
2347 MacGyle, 4, 104.. Ransch 4 3 n 4 3 1 h
(2C97)Goldcne. 4, HO.Bassingr 5 1 n 3 1 2 n
(23S4) Wyoming, a, llO.Bozemn 6 2 2 11 3 y.
(2:<0f) Alicia, a, 106.. Alexander 2 4 2 2 1 4 10
2395 Gotobed. 6, 114. .Sullivan 16 6 5 3
2S91 The Buff n, 4. 104.Faunt 3 5 6-52 6
Time-1-16, :07; V*. :25U; %, :50; %. 1:15%;
mile, 1:41%; 1 l-16m, 1:48%. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner. C. T. Boots' b. g.
by Imp. Brutus-Ledalla. MacGyle cut off on
backstretch, and this won for him. He came
on when Goldone and Wyoming were pumped
out. Neither of the latter was ridden to In
structions. Scratched— Gauntlet 114. Kickum
bob, 99, Sir Hampton 110, Pat Morrlssey 108
El Mldo 108. Imperious 10S. Horton 114.
Betting— MacGyle, 3-2; Goldone, 11-5; Wyo
ming. 3; Alicia, 15; Gotobed, 10; The Buffoon.
30.
24OS. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. >i. Str. Fin.
2402 Doublet. 4, 105 Brown 12 1 2 2 In
JS12 Mellocole. 4. 99 Hoar 4 1 >,£ 1 h 2 3
2402 Meehanus, 5, 106.Ranach 2 5 2 3 H 31
23S3 Hind'net, 6, 104.Fauntlry 5 7 2 5 2 4 2
2379 Alee. 4, 99 Redfern 6 6 h 6 1 5 2
<233o) Jennie, 5, 99 Stuart 3 4 3 4 h 6 10
1091 Dr. Nembula. 5. 109. Sull 7 3 % 7 17 1
2390 Dr. Cave. 4, HO.Bassingr 8 8 8 8
Time— M, :24; %. :4S; - »4, 1:14. Poor start
Won first three driving. Winner, D. S. Foun
tain's ch. g. by Domino-Lucy Wallace. Doub
let never bothered. Mellocole a windfall,
backed down to 30. Meehanus cut off forty
times jcoing the first hundred yards. Was much
the best. Alee weakly ridden. Jennie poorly
ridden. Dr. Nembula delayed start. Dr. Cave
almost left.
Betting— Doublet, 5; Mellocole, 100; Mee
hanus. 9-5; Hlndoonet. 10; Alee, 9; Jennie, C;
Dr. Nembula. 6; Dr. Cave. 5.
2407. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half fur
longs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $S50.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
23S4 Invictus, 102.. Fauntleroy 12 2 3 \i. 1 n
2346 Cougar, 105 Conley 6 4 1 2 h 2 2
2322 Fondo. 102 Jackson 2 5 5 5 3 3 4
2316 Jim Hale. 101....Redfern 5 3% 4 4 4 1
2334 Moonbright, 104.. Ransch 3 1 h In 6 3
2176 Lief Prince, 110..Bassngr 4 6 H 6 10 6 15.
23S0 Arlon, 104 Brown 7 7 7 7
Time— 1-16, :07; V*. :23%; %, :49; 6%f. 1:22"^.
Gooil start. Won first three driving. Winner,
T. Fenton & Co.'s blk. g. by Inspector B-Iowa.
Invictus a hard one to guess. Fauntleroy out
finished Conley. Moonbiig-ht bled. Redfern
was no help to Jim Hale. Lief Prince sore and
no speed. Scratched — Ada N 109, Darlene 100,
Maresa 107.
Betting— Invictus, 40; Cougar, 9; Fondo. 1C0;
Jim Hale. 5-2: Moonbright, 8-5; Lief Prince,
13-5; Arlon, SOO.
34O0. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
two-year-olds ; purse, S350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2387)Tompion, 115 Ransch 3 12 11 11
(23S9)St. Philippina, HS.Maths 5 7 1 3 h 2 3
23S9 Tyranus, 115 Enos 1 4 # 5 1 3 1
2393 Achilles, 118 Ruiz 7 5 1 6 1 4H
(2393) P. Crimmins, 118.Conley 2 2 % 2 1 5 %
2389 Sol. 115 Bennett 8 8 4h 6 1 •
2154 Montoya, 115 ...Sullivan 6 6h 7% 71
2389 Porous, 118 Shields 4 318 8
Time— %, :13; U. :24; %. :49; %, l:02»4. Bad
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's . b. g. by Al
tamax-Hoolou. Those on the outside beat the
rail horses away. St. Philippina pounds the
best. She "grabbed her quarter," pulling up
lame. Achilles in need of a rest. Phil Crim
mins quit suddenly. Porous cut off In stretch
by Tyranus. Scratched — Royalty 115:
Betting— Tomplon, . 9; St. Philippina, 7-5; Ty
ranus, 10; Achilles, 5; Phil Crimmins, 9; Sol,
40; Montoya, 15; Porous, 9. .
24O5. SECOND RACE— Mile and fifty yards;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index, Horse. AYt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2374 Lost Girl, a. 111. Math ws 14 1 In 16
£220 Formero. 5, 121. Bozeman 2 6 % 4 2 2 V4
23S3 Loconomo. 6, lll.Sullvn 7 2 M 2 % 3 V.
2392 S. Lass, 5, 106 Prior 6 7 1 6 2-4 2"
(2SSS) Barney F, 4, 109.. Stuart 5 12 3 1 5 1
2325 M. Lark, a, 108.Ransch 9 9 7 1 6 3
(23S3)Wallenstein, 4. 114.Alxdr 4 3 1 5 h 7 5
2326 March 7. 4, 102...Feary 3 5^4 85 86"
2374 H. Thatcher, 4. 113. Blair 8 8 1 9 "9
Time— 50 yards. :04; u', :24; %, :48%; 94, 1:15;
m. 1:42%; 1 m 50 yds, 1:45M. -pood start. Won
easily. Second and third driTing. Winner, E.
G. McConnell's ch. m. by Sobrante-NelHe K:
Matthews on Lost Girl did some good engin
eering work. Formero came from the back
woods and looked best. Weight on Loconomo
told last eighth. Lark never In it. Wallen
stein forgot his lines.
Betting— Lost Girl, 7; Formero, 13-5; Loco
nomo. 5; Sylvan Lass, 40; Barney F, 7;
Meadow Lark, 7; Wallensteln, 4; March Seven,
50; Harry Thatcher, 50.
three- year-olds ; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. "U't, Jockey. St. Vz- %. Fin.
2373 G. Br«wn, 112. . Bozeman 7 2 2 In 11
(2360)Illilouon. 119 Ruiz 2 4 % 5 12 1"
(2386)Companion. 117...Ransch 3 14 2 i -3 1
2109 Parsifal. 119 ....Sullivan 6 7 h 4 h 4 %
23S1 P. Archibald. ICTullett 9 9 % 7 h 5 1
23S8 Bohitary,. 110 ..Alexnder 8 SH 8 1 6 2
(2332)BM Young. 119..Romerol2 10 h 9 2 7 3
2386 Matilda O, 117.. ..Shields 15 1 6 V4 8 1
2350 El Karn. 119....Macklln 5 6 h 10 9 2
2386 Eldred. 110 ..Fauntleroy 4 3 1 3 h 10 2
2386 Irate. 110 Bergenll 12 11 114
Richelieu Jr, 119..LloydlO 11 4 12 12
Time— Vs. :13; 44, :24; %, :49; %, 1:02. Good
start. "Won first three driving. Winner. J.
O. Brown & Co.'s ch. g. by Service-Sunrise II.
Brown broke away from a nice position and
outgamed Companion. Parsifal had In and out
luck. Bill Young away poorly. Matilda O was
bet on. El Karn no speed. Irate cut off at
start.
Betting — Gaylon Brown, 30; Illilouon, I: Com
panion. 9-2; Parsifal 9-2; Phil Archibald. 20;
Bonitary, 12; Bill loung. 20; Matilda O, 9;
El Karn, 30; Eldred, 30; Irate, 5; Jack Rich
elieu Jr, 100.
OAKT ••Nm PACE TBACK, Monday,
May 6.— Weather fine. Track fast.
24O4. FIRST RACE— Five" "furlongs ; selling;
At the meetinsr of the Barbers' | Union
held last night It was decided to levy a
fine of $10 on any member of the union
patronizing 1 any unfair firm. The mem
bers also decided to volunteer their ser
vices to the members of the Cooks' and
Waiters' Alliance whenever a call is made
upon them. A committee of five was ap
pointed to arrange for the proper celebra
tion of the first anniversary or the organ
ization of the 1 BarbersMJnlon. The meet
ing was addressed by Organizer Pierce
and E. Rosenberg of the San Francisco
Labor Council. Thirty-six new members
were initiated.
Enthusiastic Meeting of Barbers.
Probable Winners.
First race— The Gafflr, Master Cal. Florista.
Second race— Buck Taylor, LIzella, Young
Morello.
Third race— Botany,' Monastic, Gerardo.
Fourth . race— Good Hope, ; Dangerous > Maid,
High- Hoe. • ' '
Fifth race — Headwater, Yellowtall, Hagerdon.
Sixth race — Formero, Alaska, Merops.
Fifth race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
2390 Frank Bell 114|(2401)Headwater ....114
(23f)0)Hagrerdon 114 2401 Sly '...112
2375 Yellowtall .....112) 2366 Beau Ormonde. 110
Sixth race — Mile and a sixteenth; four-year
olds and up; selling:
(233g)Mont Eagle.. .;104 2403 Dr. Bernays...\103
2367 Einstein 108 2372 Sunello 104
2403 Merops 108 2378 Klckumbob ....104
2376 Alaska. 108 (2399)Jlm McCleevy..lll
2405 Formero Ill 2340 Homestake .... 99
2383 Ostler Joe Ill
Fourth race — Six furlongs; mares; four-year
olds and up; selling: • '
2396 Mocorito 103 2396 Clarando 105
2396 High Hoe 105 2396 Jingle Jingle. ..105
2314 Novia 105 (2396)Good Hope 105
2396 Foul Play 105 2208 Abbyliex L 105
.2290 Nullah 105 2396 Midlove ..105
2366 Dangr. Maid 105 2396 Valencienne ...105
To-Day's Entries.
First race— One mile; three-year-olds; selling:
(23R0)The Gafflr 107 2386 Cath. Bravo... .107
23S0 Carlovinglan ..107 2109 Follow Me 107
23*6 Florista 1107 851 Count Hubert. .107
2305 Master Cal 107 2363 Cambaceres. ..107
2350 SIsenvine 107 2344 Lucera 107
1924 Whangrdoodle ..107
*
Second race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
(2356)Buck Taylor.. .112 2356 Toungr Morello.115
2358 Saul of Tarsus. 112 2389 Formatus 112
2320 John Welch. ...107 ....Begonia V 107
2388 Parader 114 2152 Fairfax 115
2250 LIzella 112 2399 Frank Duffy.. .107
Kosa Ban. 10". 2376 Canejo 110
Third race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling:
2389 Knockingrs 115 2393 Eotany 115
2333 Monastic 115 2385 Flattered 115
23S2 Waterscratch ..115 2369 Snowberry 115
23S9 Armado ...115 2393 Lento IIS
23S9 Gerardo 118 2389 Escalante 113
2357 Quiet .../. 118 .
ST. LOUIS, May 6.— Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Hurry won; Sam La
zarus second, Vlrgle d'Or third. 'Time,. 1:30.
Five furlongs, purse— Otis won, Helen Print
second. Miss Dora third. - Time, 1:02%. .
One mile selling— Satlp Coat won, Vedas sec
ond John Bull third. Time, 1:42%.: :
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— IMssenter
won. Petit Maitre second, Beana third. Time;
i -49 ' '¦.'.'¦'••:'¦.¦.¦'''.•
'six and a half furlongs— Maud Gonne won,
Sharp Bird second. Kindred third. Time, 1:21V4.
One mile and seventy yards— Forte won. Miss
Patron second, Belle Simpson third. Time, 1:44.
CINCINNATI, May 6.— Newport summaries:
One mile and a sixteenth— Woodtrlce ' won,
Strathbroek second, Abe Furst third. Time,
Six' furlongs— Lillian ¦ Hoffman won, Lauras
First second, Relpscent third.' Time, 1:16. ¦
Five and a half furlongs— Follow won, St.
Hera second, Lena A third. Time,. :56. - ~ '
One mile— Dissolute won, Rare Perfume sec
ond. Donna Seay third. Time, 1M1V&. ¦¦. ¦•_-,:
One mile and a sixteenth, ¦ ; selling— Slasher
won.Virgie O second, • Madeline. G third. Time,
Six furlongs, Belling— Masterful : won, Erema
second Sweet Dream third. ;Time.' 1:15%. '-.'
NEW YORK, May 6.— Morris • Park summa
ries: - . ; _ '¦¦ ¦¦¦_.,.. . ;.-..¦'
* Eclipse course— The Amazon won, . Federalist
second Twier third.. Time,' 1:12.
Half a mile— Leonora L. jOrrins won, Gold
SeeKtr second, Tepagra thlrfl. Time. - :48%.
Six and a half furlongs— Katherlna won, Isla
second. The Rhymer third. Time. .1:21; ;- ...
Seven furlongs, selling — Roe "Hampton," won.
Wait Not second. Penman; "Thompson ¦ third.
Time, 1:2%- i- • 'K''^-'-> : ' - : ¦,
One mile— Herbert I won, > .Decanter , second,
Magnificent third. - Time. ,1:41%., : • :
Railroad handicap, one mile— King Bramble
won, Heliobas second, Latson-- third: .-Time,
1:42%. V< . •' ' •-
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May «.— Again to-day. HIa
HORSES THAT CROSSED v ,
WIRE IN FIRST PLACE
"Son of Napoleon" is an adaptation of
"L'Aiglon," in which' Bernhardt. and Co
quelin appeared some months ago at the
same house. The. audience' last night was
not as large as was expected, the title of
the play not appealing to the public ap
petite. Dramatic' situations in the piece
are few and widely separated, and It was
only the excellent acting of Florence
Stone as the Duke de Reichstadt and Jack
Webster as Michel Lambert, the soldier
of the old guard, that made the thing 1 go
at all. Great praise Is accorded the man-,
Grand Opera-House.
These are the principal characters; the
subordinate ones were taken well if not
with that unusual excellence that charac
terized the principals. The setting and
stage management showed that careful
realism of which Mr. • Herne is our befct
living exponent. The inevitable roast'tur
key and the equally inevitable baby one
would gladly have missed. • ,
Does Mr. Herne when himself present
allow his actors to break the dramatic
illusion by taking a curtain call at the
close of a scene? Curtain calls at the
end of acts are bad enough, but within
the acts they are simply intolerable. They
violate every principal of dramatic art
and completely nullify, the realistic effects
Mr. Henry builds up so laboriously.
Banish then the curtain calls, the baby
and the roast turkey and I know not
where you will find a -better, American
play, better acted.
. . L. DU jPONT SYLE.
Equally good, though in a.' very different
line, was \V. T. Hodge as the house, sign,
and ornamental painter and glazier and
choir leader of Sag Harbor. The very cut
of his trousers was a standing or rather
a walking joke.
JAMES A. HERNE'S "Sag Harbor,"
produced last night at the Columbia
Theater, Is the best -play that has
visited San Francisco since. Bern
hardt and Cocuelin. left us. The
story, as Mr. Herne acknowledges in his
title page, is old — the love of two brothers
for the same girl— nor can it be said that
the treatment of this story is particularly
novel or convincing.. The interest lies.al
most entirely in the character sketching,
but how' clever and at times even subtle
that is! 'First comes ; the part Mr., Herne
wrcte forhimself— that of Dan "Marble,
the old captain who "scallops" in sum
mers and sails company winters; a kind
hearted old busybody, whose • mistake
brings about the complication that gives
the play what purely dramatic interest it
possesses. Mr. George Woodward played
the part admirably; I doubt if Mr.
Herne himself could have played it better.
As foil to him we have Elizabeth Ann,
Turner, spinster, who for many years re
fuses to marry Captain Marble because
she will not live alone in a house with a
man, and -who succumbs at last (in the
genteelest way imaginable) only under
the influence of salted peanuts and Ro
chester champagne, at a dollar a quart
Never have 1 seen anything- more genu
inely humorous than was Miss Abbott in
this' character. Yet she had to share the
acting honors with Miss Fanchon Camp
bell, who ha3 improved immensely since
she got away from the Frawley Company
and who played the difficult role of the
heroine, Martha Reese, with a pathos that
was at once genuine and ;artistic.
Olympia.
Dave Barton, the headliner of the Olym
pla's new bill, made auite a hit last
evening. B. D. Bentley and Claudle "Ward
were, also well received, and the rest of
the bill is ffood. • ,.'; •
The Chutes has a bill of novelties this
week. Powers and .F"reed appear in a
clever musical act. The Samayoas are
daring performers on the flying trapeze.
Other numbers are Thatcher and Cheno
with in a laughable- sketch; Gus Leonard,
German comedian; Carroll, the whistler
and Maud Mclntyre in character imper
sonations.
Chutes.
Belle Wilton, a de.=criptive vocalist di
rect from New' York, scored a success in
several songs at Fischer's Concert House
last night. . Evans, Devees and Evans
gave an entertaining sketch and Satnella
a wonderful contortionist, tied himself
into seemingly inextricable knots. "Re
taliations," . a conceit presented by De
Camp and Murdock, proved mast amusing
and the songs of Signor G. S. Wanrell,
basso cantante, and Maybelle Bowman,
contralto, were applauded to the echo.
The house was packed.
Fischer's Concert House.
witty and filled with comical and ludicrous
situations. -The players are especially
v3 P £ C k « tO the movtoS little comedy,
which brings out the best that is in them.
The Lottery of Love" will continue
throughout the week. "Barbara Fuel
s'. 1 ,? w111 *** the next offering of the
Nelll Company.
Betrothed to Boucicault.
LONDON, May 7.— The Dally Kxpresa
asserts that Miss ¦ Irene Van , Brugh, the
actress, is betrothed to Dion Boucicault.-
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 6.— "Kid" Car
ter of Brooklyn* was • to-night given the
decision over Jack Bonner of Summit Hill,
Pa, The fight went • the twenty-round
limit. ¦ vY- * . :
Carter Secures Decision.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Handcuff
won, Polly Blxby second, Tekla third. Time,
1:50. • . . , ,.
-Pour and a half furlongs, selling— Maid of
Dundee y&ya. Badger second. Miss Thomey
third. Time, :56% , • : - ¦ • .
One mile— Ethel Wheat won. Senator Bever
ld.ge second, Isobel third. Time, 1:41.
• One mile -and an eighth, the Clark stakes—
His Eminence won. The Puritan second, Dris
coll third. Time, 1:55.
Seven furlongs— "Whltfleld won, Moses second.
Peat third. Time. 1 1:28.
Six furlongs, selling— Sim W won, Princess
Otillie second, Teucer third.' Time, 1:15. •_;¦:
CHICAGO, May 6.— Worth summaries: ¦
Four furlongs— Minerva won, Lucy' Lockett
second, April third. Time, :49 4-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Miss Bennett won,
Kenilworth second, Lakeview Belle third. Time,
1:08 2-5. • ¦ ¦;.•„
: Seven furlongs,' selling— Emma C L». won. Pi
rate Queen second. Debride third. Time, 1:29 2-5.
J One mile and seventy yards — Laureate I won,
Merlto second. Shut Up third. Time, 1:48. :•'
Five furlongs— Ed Austin won, J. A. Clark
second, Bert Sargent third. Time, 1:02 3-5.
One mile and a sixteenth— Myth won, Trebor
Becond, Dagmar third. Time, 1:50.
Eminence, -winner of the Kentucky Derby, dem
onstrated his superiority over the Western colts
in training here by "winning the $3500 Clark
stakes. From the time they were in motion
until .the end the race belonged to His Emi
nence. .
California,
The Nelll Company, in "The Lottery.- of
Love," at the California, is sure to prove
a drawing card. The play. Is bright and
Tivoli.
The fifth and last week of "The- Idors
Eye" shows no decrease in the drawing
powers of the tuneful and merry comic
opera, and the performance last night
went with as much vim as on the first
presentation. The attraction could easily
run for some time, but arrangements have
been made to produce "The Toy Maker"
next week.
"The Octoroon" opened at the Central
Theater last evening. The cast was good.
Mason Mitchell did clever work- as Wah
notee and, with Cummings, won a curtain
call for the duel scene, which was well
deserved. Lorena Atwood was an attrac
tive and sufficiently mournful Zoe. Robert
Cummings was a sufficiently good Jacob
Mcxblosky to win the heart-felt execration
of the gallery. This was manifested in
hisses as the story unrolled. James Cor
riean was good as Salem Scudder, and the
minor parts were well done. In the levee
scene there was some clever dancing and
some especially good juvenile work. Many
a - more pretentious play has been less
carefully staged. The general effect
was quite realistic. The bayou and^cane
break scenes were striking. "The Octor
oon" is billed for the week.
Central.
The comedy drama "Friends", was pre-.
sented at the Alcazar Theater last night
to a house that' was packed to the doors.
The occasion was for the benefit of St.
Brigid's church, and every seat was occu r
pied. The immense audience enjoyed the
play thoroughly. Howard ¦ Scott did a
clever piece of character work as Hans
Otto the drunken father. He was hon
ored by two special calls before the cur
tain at the close of the third act. Bartin
Hill's John Paden Sr. was a finished per
formance and Josepn Kilgour as John
Paden Jr. and Charles Bryant as Adrian
Karje were excellent. Richard Scott as
the villain, Harold Hunting, was good.
Miss Lila Convere as Marguerite Otto
was as charming and effective as ever and
Miss Agnes Rankin as Jennie Merry
weather was clever. "The Conquerors"
will be' presented for the balance of the
week.
Alcazar.
Whatever else San Francisco lacks she
never wants for the best that is going in
the vaudeville line, and a particularly
brilliant combination of vaudevillains has
charge of the - Orpheum entertainment
this week. The Agoust family with their
wonderful jugglery a la. carte, still lead
•in interest, and Mclntyre and Heath are
also first favorites. The latter black
face team exploits a new coon conceit,
"The Georgia Minstrels," that is simply
luscious in Its humor and "coon" in every
chuckle of its delicious grandiloquence.
The four Huntings, eccentric acrobatic
dancers, hzg new stars of the week and
do some crxcellent work in the comic song
and-dance Une. Zeb and Zarrow are also
new and give a capital comedy bicycle
act, with some features not before seen
here. Zeb— or Zarrow— climbs steps on
his machine, skips rope/ goes steeplechas
ing over Zarrow (or Zeb) in a highly ex
citing fashion. With a triple horizontal
bar the Patterson brothers perform some
astonishing feats; ending with a mlghty
long-dlstance hand jump from one bar
to the other clear across the stage.- ¦
Alf Grant, with his sketches from life,
seems as great a favorite as ever and ap
pears this week in an entirely new reper
toire of songs and jokes. Barnes and
Sisson give pleasure in their comedy
sketch, "A Marriage Broken," and Ing
ham, equilibrist, does some good bal
ancing feats. -
Orpheum.
agement for the fine stage settings and
scenery, compete in detail and liberal in
arrangement. Mi33 Stone acted the rola
much better than was expected of her
and took the male part with a natural
ness and virility that were highly com
mendable. The dying scene in the last
act was heartily, applauded and was one
of the few opportunities presented by the
role for her to display any strong acting..
ROOM. IN THE HOUSE OF CAPTAIN DAN MARBLE AS SEEN IN ACT III
OF "SAG HARBOR," WHICH COMMENCED LAST NIGHT WHAT PROM
ISES TO BE A PROFITABLE ENGAGEMENT AT THE COLUMBIA.
THE CULL'S RACING FORM CHART
COLOGNE, May 6.— A military captive
balloon with two men in the car ascended
here during the maneuvers yesterday. It
broke, loose in a gale, was soon lost to
Eight in the clouds and has not been seen
since.
Captive Balloon Blown Away.
Track Notes.
A ; very successful four days' meeting
was given last week at Bakersfleld under
the management of "Frisco" Hoag.
Claude. Burlingame was the star rider of
the meet.
The Montana Jockey Club has appointed
"Dick" Havey starter and F. E. Mulhol
lan,d presiding judge of the meeting, which
opens at Butte on June 23. ¦
Kmwcod farm's MacGyle closed favor
ite for the concluding mile and-a sixteenth
run. Bassinger, ' astride Goldone, dis
obeyed instructions, groingr out * n • front.
»nd Bozeman foolishly chased him with
Wyoming. This enabled MacGyle to catch
both in the run home, for he beat Goldone
a head, with Wyoming only a neck far
ther away.
Bookmaker .Caesar Young's sprinter
Meehanus had a remarkably uneven voy
age in the fourth recital over six furlongs.
Heavily played at 8 to 5. R&nsch got cut
off repeatedly, ending up in third posi
tion,, "- Hard ridden at the close, Hal
Brown on E>oublet got the decision from
the.100 to 1 shot Mellic'ole by a neck. Alee
and Jennie were weakly ridden.
4
OCEAIX TBAVEL- »
\ .Pacific * Coast iSteamship Co.
fa NOME
, ', , „ ' THE STEAMSHIP
) CITY OF PUEBLA
. „ '•Win Sail >
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle -with the Company's New
and Splendid Steamship
OJjlvAlUlt
' - For Nome Direct.
LBAVLNG SEATTLE MAY 30th.
I The Senator 1 made- five trips to Nome last
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing alt her paasenggra and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For " passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery street. /
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.. j
10 Market street. .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
— , Steamers leave Broadway
j^ ' wharf, San Francisco:
F3* 1 *-: For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
|££§Jg*^ May 1. 6, 11, 16. 21. 28, 31.
BB33r!2H)«v June 6. Change to company's
EffcwJVSrl steamers at Seattle.
USs^SK^Bl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
: BBJHCi!«f*£if c -)' Port Townsend, Seattle.
JfiMKSaifcfiSBl racoma, Everett. Anacortes
H and New TVhatcom (Wash.>—
11 a. m.. May 1. «, 11. 18, 21,
26. XI Jane 5 and every fifth- day thereafter.
Chanee at SeatUe for-this company's steamers
forAlaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to^N P. Ky.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka\ Humboldt Bay-l:30 p. m. May
3. «. if 18, 23. 28. June 2. and every fUth day
•^Fofsln Diego, stopping onlrat Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo <Los An-
geles)-Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.:
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For^/anta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Pert Harford <San Lois Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneroe, San Pedro.
East «an Pedro <Los Anreles) and Newport—
Steam^ Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m.: steamer Be
Dl F a oV Insefe Ma^n. Bar. San Jos, del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. Las Paa. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.>-10 a, m.. 7th each
B1 For h 'further Information obtain company**
'"•nfe^comoany reserves the right to changa
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
8t S5oi5AL ! L. C V^R 0 Kik- S * CO.. Gen- Ag*s..
10 Market St.. San . Francisco.
ITOME,
Teller, Behring,
Golbfnin, etc;
11s. S. VALENCIA,
. J. M. I^ANE. Master.
Will Leave SAN FRANCISCO.
MAY 24, 1901,
And Seattle '
MAY 30, 1901.
For passage and freight apply to
PACIHC STEAM WHALIN6 CO.,
SO CAUFORNIA. STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Tesler way^- Seattle.
Golofnin Bay,
Nome City arid
Teller Xity.
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HIGOINS. Master.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
about May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th.
For passag* or freight rates call or address
H. R. ttXTFFVS. Agent.
C3S Market Street, opp. Palace Hotel. I
SAN FRANClSCa
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
FOR- ¦
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
And All Points on Yukon Riyer.
Bailing T>ate» Subject to Change.
From San Francisco. From, Seattle.
May 25 S. S. "PORTLAND
June 1 S. S. "ST. PAU1/' Juno 3
May 25 *S. S. ."CONEMAUGH" ...June 10
•"CONEMAUGH" carries freight and llva
stock. No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
310 Eansoma st., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
NSW TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PASI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. .,*..".
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis MaylotSt. Paul Juris iy
St. Paul ....May 29 St. Louts June 28
St. Louis Jane 5i St. Paul July 10
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark .May 15 Zeeland June S
Pennland May 22 Friesland June 13
Kensington May 29 Southwark June 19
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
CHAS. T>. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISJBN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at I'd m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllng^at
Kobe (Hlpgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting, at Hongkong with steamers for
India. «tc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. ..'-.. ."
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday May 29 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARIT. Saturday, June 22.1901
SS. NIPPON MARU..Wednesday. July 17 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. ' For
freight and passage apply at company's ofSce.
421 Market street, corner First. / oxace.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service-
FLYMOTJTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
DEUTSCHLAND. MAY 16. 2 P M
A. Victoria May 23 j F. Bismarck . . e June ¦ «
Columbia May 30|Deutschland ....'june 13
Twin-Screw Possengar Service
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Pennsylvania. ...May 18|«Phoenlcla Jun« 1
Pretoria .........May 23| Patricia .....June 8
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg-Amerlcao Line. 37 B'way N Y
TO MEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. »105; Steeraj., g i0 .
8. 6. Argyll- sails Saturday, May 11
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Jan« 3
i^ Pft £ n •""• Monday. Juno 24
.^From Fremont-street Wharf at 2 n m.
'^*ir' a rniKrng lg ?' o f5 ce ' it.
*. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coaat A cent.
«- v-vaai Agent.
\ • ADVERTISEMENTS.
That's a word
which may not be in r'' fifsH^
the dictionary in this B , 1* * *•
sense of its use, but ™ .
which is in very common use in some
sections of the country. -She's always
piecing " they say of tie -woman who
runs to the cupboard at irregular hours,
and eats a piece, of pie, cake, or some
other dainty. This irregular eating is
one.pt>. the chief causes of dyspepsia
and £ weak " stomach.
Diseases of the stomach and other
organs,- of digestion and nutrition are
completely cured by the use of Doctor
IJierce's Golden Medical Discovery. It
increases the supply of rich, pure blood,
and gives the body vitality and vigor.
"A year ago»I was feeling very badly," writes
Mrs. Lizzie Abrams, of 15S Johnson Avenue,
Brooklyn, N. Y. « Had a very poor appetite and
¦when 1 sat down a* the table I could not eat,
but -would have to jjo away without even tasting
the food. Ch2ncinsj to ' hear from a friend
who used your ' Golden Medical Discovery ' for
a disease similar to mine, I thought I would
give the medicine a trial, and I can hardly
express the benefit received from it. The first
dose seemed to do me good. My appetite re-
turned and I was able to eat heartily. I have
improved so much since taking the ' Golden
Medical Discovery ' I do not look like the same
person. Am to-day well and strong — the result
of taking six bottles of Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery."
•. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y,
After the F*ire!
P^^^ADB'SGUN STORE
Reopened ' a't'old number, 421 Kearny
etreet. Goods slightly damaged by water
and flre to be sold for thirty days at
Great Reduction. FISHINO TACKLE and
SPORTING . GOODS of everx description.
All new goods at special discount during
rale. Hlghfst cash price pa^d for raw
Furs. Send 3 centg for postage of 108-
.paee Illustrated catalogue.
REMOVED,
PATRICK & CO.,
RUBBER STAMPS. ETC..
TO "22ISANSOME ST.,
_ . Between Plae cod California eta.
OCEAN T3AVEI*
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOHE?-.
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American pcrts. Sailing Fremont-
street Wharf, 12 m. ¦¦,¦¦..
GTJATEMALA...May 15ILO* Jane 12
PALENA .......May 30ITUCAPEL. June 27
" These steamers are built, expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. ¦ (No ]
change at Acapulco or. Panama.) . Freight and ,
passenger office, 818 California street. ' '
BALFOUR, GUTHR1E & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
I' ; Passenger -and Freight Str.' 1 . ; . * H
"JOHN S.-KIMBALL." B
NOME]
TELLEB.GOL0FNINBAY.PORT CLARENCE ¦
SAILS -MAT 25th/ . K
••CONKLIN & CO.. 667 Market St. Q
COMPAGNIE GENESALE TBANS ATL ANTIQUE
DIRECT, LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. J^n, '
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <G5iIjD£
Saturday.' at 10 a.', m:.' from Pier 42, •SMB9SK
North River, foot of Morton street. ;¦ First class
to : Havre, $35 and • upward/ Second class to
Havre, *« and. upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson' building). New York; J. F.
FUOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Moat-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
]>•¦ -OCEA1T TBAVEE.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
¦ points East. Through tickets to all
J points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
t _. LOWEST BATES!
w mrmSfJ" 1 Include Berth and Meals.
"• w - HITCHCOCK. General Agent,
¦ ¦ s ' r ¦ - '- ,1 Montgomery st.. S. P.
V VVUllSt O.O.VV. 2EAUNDM0 SYDNEY,
!_ ZZ DIRECT USE TO TAHITI
SS. SIERRA <rla Honolulu) for Samoa.
.. New Zealand and Australia
'ss. 'zifALA^iA m^nofulu- iS5«S2A =•
..Sunday, Jun» 80. at V p" m.
J. D. SPRECKELS k BROS. GO., Buen] kmh 327 Uarfat St
Seal Passengar Dffiea, 643 MiSXK. I BBS
\% BAY . AJSTD BlVEJi . STEAMERS.
Steamer ' " Montlcello."
MON.. TUES.. ¦WED..*'THTJRS..-AND SAT
it 9:43 a. m. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except :Thuri:
da-»- night);, Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays
10:30a.- m.. 8 p. . m. Landlns and office. MI»I
8lon-8t Dock, Pier No. 3."j Telephone Main 1508.
H • Some time ago we received a line of vests that sold B
3m well at $2.50 and $3.50. Customers bought them right H
H along at the price and considered them good values; now 1
I the assortment has been broken and while we have all sizes, I
i no particular pattern contains every size; however, you are I
H pretty sure of getting a suitable pattern in your size. . j|
H , The materials are cheviots and cassimeres in blue, brown, tan and Kg
H black grounds, with plaids of various colors; they come with or without fj|
B collars in double-breasted style} what are left will go at pi
I *1.00 each I
Pi Out-of-town orders filled— writ* us. B '
H 718 Market Street. j|GETS A THIRD
OF THE ESTATE
They Are Discovered in the Coroner's
Office by Detective Tom
Coleman.
The missing shoes of Fred Hathaway,
who committed suicide by Inhaling illu
minating gas a short time ago, have been
found in the Coroner's office. After read
ing the story in yesterday's Call, in which
the brother of the dead man charged the
deputies in the Morgue with failing- to re
turn to him the effects of his deceased
relative, Coroner Leland lost no time in
making an investigation. While he was
interrogating his deputies Detective Cole
man, who was present, espied a pair of
shoes on a shelf which answered the de
scription of the ones Hathaway had pur
chased the day preceding his tragic end
ing.
"Those are the shoes." answered one of
the deputies. "They must have fallen out
of the package."
Coleman took the shoes and turned them
over to Hathaway's brother. The only ex
planation of the Morgue deputies as to
how they gave the relatives of the dead
man a well-worn pair of shoes instead of
the new pair, which were purchased
shortly before his death, is that they must
have "fallen out of the package contain
ing his effects." The new hat which the
suicide wore is still missing, but the po
lice thlnk'it will eventually turn up in the
Coroner's office. , .
MISSING SHOES OF A
SUICIDE ARE FOUND
Captain Seymour at once detailed two
cf his best men on the case with instruc-
"I know he has been murdered or
Ehanghaied." sadly -*said the distracted
¦woman. "He would not remain away un
less something has happened to him.
On leaving me Saturday he promised to
return in a short time and bring the pro
visions that he intended to buy. I am
satisfied something dreadful has hap
pened him. He was always a good and
dutiful husband, and I am convinced that
the strange man who met him Just as he
left our house and induced him to go to
the water front with him either killed
him or shanghaied him."
Hayes left his home on Mission street
last Saturday afternoon, intending to
purchase some provisions. As he did not
return by nightfall his wife became anxi
ous and went in search of him. From an
acquaintance she learned that after
Hayes left home he met a stranger, who
Informed him that he was wanted on the
water froht. They both boarded a' car
bound for the ferries and since then
Hayes has not been seen. His ¦wife, ¦who
Is distracted over . the disappearance,
Jears that the stranger either put him
out of the way or had him shanghaied.
Yesterday she visited police headquarters
and invoked the aid of Captain Seymour.
Martin Hayes, who was formerly em
ployed in the transport service, is among
the missing, and his wife fears he has
either been foully dealt with or shang
haied.
tions to spare no effort in locating the
missing man.
THINKS THAT HER HUSBAND
HAS BEEN FOULLY MURDERED
'• Calnan's Bonds Forfeited.
The bonds of Timothy, J. 'Calnan, the
policeman who was" arrested in July last
on a charge 'of. grand larceny for stealing
a horse from a stable oh his. beat, , were
declared forfeited by Judge Conlan yes
terday. The . bonds < were for $2000,. the
sureties ' being Daniel . Hartnett. - saloon
keeper. McAllister, street, near Larkin,
and William Gibbons, rancher, Humboldt
County. After being released Calnan dis
appeared and his ' sureties, and . the police
have failed to get any .trace of him, al
though he has since been. joined by his
wife. If he should be re-arrested .the for
feiture of the bonds will Jae set aside.
Henry Pradels, proprietor of the house
at 279 O'Farrcll street, where the defend
ant, lives, testified that the latter and
Mike Nolan had a conversation In the
kitchen about three- weeks ago, but he
did not know what they were talking
about. After Nolan left the kitchen the
defendant told him that Nolan had been
saying that if she would give the police
morey every week they would leave her
alone and that he would "fix" it.
- Nolan took the stand and denied mak
ing any such proposition to the defendant.
He said she spoke to him about Police
man Colen being "broke". and said the
new ones were chasing her off the street.
He advised her to move to some other
street, but she said she wanted to stay
where she was and would pay the police
men. She aked him to see the officers,
but he said: "Not after . the roasting I
got from Sylvester." He admitted that
he had asked Sylvester to "go easy" with
his girl, whose name was Lottie Myers.
She had been arrested three times In two
weeks last February, but not since. He
never knew of money . passing between
women in the "tenderloin"' and the police.
On April 20 he had mane a 'Statement to
Lieutenant Blrdsall at the Central sta
tion denying what the defendant had said
to Captain Seymour.
• Detective Bainbridge was called and
testified that Nolan's reputation was bad
in the police community. He had failed
to provide fcr his family and had been
arrested for shooting at Billy Abbott.
¦ The Judge said that although, the
charge of vagrancy against the defendant
had been in a sense proved, she was not
a- public nuisance and he would dismiss
the case, but reprimanded her and told
her to quit her evil ways. Regarding the
alUjred ' bribery he was satisfied that so
far as Policeman Sylvester was concerned
there.' was nothing to support a charge
of such a damnable character against
him. He forebore commenting on Police
man Chappelle.:as his case might be tak
en before the Police Commissioners. ¦ Two
years> ago he had demanded an investi
gation before the Commissioners then . In
office, but it was not granted. . Now. as an
honest" man, he supposed he would again
demand art investigation before the pres
ent board. - :.•¦'. . ¦ • . :
The trial, of . Angelina M. Abbott,
charged with vagrancy, and; incidentally
the investigation as to policemen receiv
ing money from women In the "tender
loin" were concluded before Judge'Caban
iss yesterday. The sensational develop
ments-promised by. the attorney for the
defendant did not materialize. The Judge
dismissed the charge of vagrancy and
made some remarks upon . the alleged
birbery. .-'
Investigation in Abbott
Woman's Case Con
cluded.
POLICE BRIBERY
IS NOT PROVED
TAX IS LEVIED
ON EXPORT COAL
Objectionable Measure
Is Passed by English
:v Parliament.
Miners' Federation Expected
to Issue Call for General
V : • Strike. ¦ •
/.LONDON, May 6.— There was an un
usual't,animation .and. attenda'nee in; .the
House of Commons to-day wifen the last
installment of the coal resolution • debate
was opened by Sir Edward Gray. (Liberal),
who .defined the measure as harsh and
oppressive.* 1 The House 7 adopted | the coal
tax by a vote, of 333 to 227.; .The tax of a
shilling per ton on' export coal was adopt
ed by a majority of 1C6. These figures ap
parently do*' not represent^ the. feeling of
the members of the , House, but the Gov
ernment , Inade the \lssue, strictly a . party
one and secured the- record- attendance
for this Parliament By vigorous efforts
the Government polled .within a score , of
the /normal majority. ... *• -~ "> C'.-.-'CajEi-'-W-f.
The principal figures during the last day
of' the discussion of the ,. coal'" tax were
chiefly' within the Liberal ranks. Sir Ed
/Ward Gray, H. H. Asquith, .William Abra
ham (Liberal) :and Charles Fenwlck all
assailed the tax. eloquently, -the last two
speaking -with 'no little pathos on behalf
of the; miners,: In whose station- of life
.they worked before coming to Westmin
'ter.' '-¦; •' ¦ .¦'¦.-- V-V.V.
Government Bitterly Denounced.
% Perhaps: the most interesting feature
was the speech of Hon. Frederick Lamb
ton,, brother of the Earl of Durham, who,
standing -amid the Conservatives, de
nounced the Government as "a pack of
ravenous hounds- after a ewe lamb," by
which he referred to the coal industry.
He -declared ¦ that • the Chancellor : of r the
Exchequer had represented the colliers as
liars and foreigners, and he maintained
that they , were "as honorable a set of
men as ever sat : on the "Government
benches."
Sir Michael . Hicks-Beach attempted to
explain, but Mr. Lambton paid little heed.
.The sleepy peopde who had come In to
hear the final stages of the debate blinked
vigorously- as they heard the right of
miners to strike proclaimed by an aristo
crat, who declared that the miners were
"as good as many a man who has won
the Victoria Cress."
Another supporter of the Government,
John Wilson, bitterly objected to the tax
by bringing up the question of American
competition, and contending that the duty
would give the United, States a chance to
cut out the British coal. ..This started the
ball rolling, antt for some time the Hojrse
gave itself up to a discussion of thejjela
tive merits of "Pocahontas" and "sHioke
less Welsh," with frequent reference to
America's growing merchant marine and
the advantages of coal.
Balfour Defends Measure.
Mr. Balfour In rambling style summed
up the debate, basing his argument upon
the proposition . that such a great and
ever-Increasing industry -as the export of
coal could not be Seriously affected by the
imposition of a tax of a shilling a ton. He
dismissed as highly improbable the theory
that American coal . v/ould ever be able
to compete with English.
It; the division which followed there was
much cress voting. . John Morley voted
with the Government. . Several Liberals
abstained from voting, while almost all
the Conservatives representing coal coun
ties joined the opposition.
"What the miners' federation will do re
mains to be seen. Judging from . the
speeches of the labor members during the
last stapes of* the oebate the federation
is quite likely to [declare a general strike,
thus precipitating a struggle between or
ganized labor and Parliament. .Such a
collision, as was • said frequently during
the ' debate, might prove ruinous to the
coal industry and highly injurious tO'the
country. *
Are Tiring of Jail Life.
¦ WICHITA, Kans., May 6.— The deter
mination of the joint-smashing colleagues
of Mrs. Nation to stay in jail till their
trial commenced was. tfroken to-day by
Mrs. Julia Evans giving bond for her ap
pearance. The other women, except Mrs.
Nation, have, indicated their purpose of
giving bond also.
THROUGH MILES
OF DECORATIONS
Duke and Duchess of
Cornwall in Great
Parade.
• MELBOURNE, /May 6.— The Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall' and York landed
from the steamer Ophir at 2 o'clock this
afternoon. They were received at the
pier head by Lord Hopetoun, Governor
General,, and the state and federal Min
isters. (After the Ministers had been pre
sented .the party passed down a quarter
of a mile of carpeted pier, and entered
carriages surrounded by a guard of honor,
composed of . , Victorian' troops just -re
turned-from South Africa, and proceeded
a distance of peven miles through bril
liantly decorated streets bordered with al
most continuous lines of stands filled to
their utmost capacity; The entire route
was lined. with demonstrative. crowds, and
the decorations, arches, Venetian masts
and columns along the line of march were
very effective. , ¦, • -
Opposite the- Town Hall the procession
passed beneath the Queen's arch, canopied
with the roy^il colors and sheltering a
golden statue uf Queen Victoria. Twelve
thousand. troops were In line. There was
a* picturesque scene, at the Parliament
House .when the procession arrived there
at 3:15 this afternoon. Assembled on'the
steps were. the colony -Ministers, -the rep
resentatives of the. colonies, Including
•William" Mulock, the "Canadian ; Postmas
ter General, the American and other Con
suls, the officers" of the visiting warships
and a host of other prominent persons. •
The royal party reached Government
house at 4 o'clock. Here was the scene of
the . greatest enthusiasm. A salute was
fired and, the royal standard was hoisted.
. N To-day- the .weather has- been perfect,
and it is,believed that a crowd numbering
300,000 "persons; witnessed, the ! procession.
To-night the: city and. harbor are ablaze
with illuminations of a most elaborate de
scription. • 0 ¦ • .. ' ' ¦;"•,_- *
STJLTAN MS BEPOB.TED TO :
: i r;HAVE\ SHOT A PHYSICIAN
Intense Pain Wnile Being Treated for
?;,Hjr5 an Ear* Complaint Cause of , ' :
Killing.
LONDON, May. 7.—^.'It is rumored," says
the . Constantinople correspondent of the
Daily.Expfess, "that'the Sultan shot dead
a physician who," while i attending 1 him for
an ear complaint and massaging him; un
wittingly caused his Majesty intense pain'
The chamberlain •. rushed t into '< the room
and the Sultan, .who supposed there 'was
an attempt tupon his .life, fired again
wounding the chamberlain.'^ ,'» •.¦;.-.
Comptroller of Santa Fe System.
"; CHICAGO, : May. 6.— D. I A . Gallup, * treas
urer^ of : the 'Atchlson, \Topeka ; and ' Santa
Fe ¦ Railroad ' In' Chicago,^ has -been' elected
comptroller," of the * system.; >' In » addition
to] his , new office, Mr.-; Gallup will perform
many ; of :¦ the ¦ duties i of [ the /chairman ' of
the ; board of ~ directors,^' the ; latter i office
having been ' made | vacant I recently I by the
death ,of .", AldacevF. ; Mr. *Gal
lup'snew position will necessitate his re
moval to New York City/. ¦ ' •--,-.• -
; NEW; ,TOPK, j May 5th', •» 1901.— A. Chris
teson,";' Manager " W. ,. .F. & , • Co. h Express,
San Francisco : This 1 Company/ will carry
over -its lines "freer. of *, chargei'contribu
tions usually - regarded as express : matter
Intended 'for '•-> relief ;of- sufferers from
Jacksonville, Fla.',; fire. • ' - '
• . "V-JNO. J.' VALENTINE. '
Contributions for Jacksonville
/Sufferers.' 1 ::
Wells, \ Fargo & Co. Will Carry All
FREE OF-CHARGE.
j STOCKHOLM, "May 6.— The Riksdag
committee which has been' considering
the /ministerial army ..proposals -has re
ported in favor of increasing the expendi
tures by 22,500,000 kroner, making a* total
of 45,000,000 kroner. The naval • estimates
are' increased to 14,000,000 kroner/ 1 * •
Increase Allowance for Army.
ST. PAUL, May 6— The Board of Stale
Prison Managers will meet to-morrow and
it Is understood . that ,"* Cole \. and .."James'
Younger, serving life sentences in connec
tion with the Northfield Bank robbery and
murder committed twenty-five years ago,
will be granted parole under the terms of
the law just enacted by the Legislature.
Before the* parole becomes effective 'it
must be approved""iri : Writing by all the
members of the Board of Pardons. \ ¦
Tears of a Sentence of Life
Imprisonment. '; .
Prisoners Have Served Twenty-Five
WIUL. RECOMMEND BANK
ROBBERS FOR PAROLE
SUDDEN DISAPPEARANCE
t OF A -BUSINESS MAN"
Leaves His Home While, His Wifo
Ti ;r ; Is Away Visiting 1 , Bela-
NEW YORK,. May 6.-George H.* Wells,
manager of the New York office of ¦ the
Tescott: Packing - Company : of .Portland,
Or and a general commission merchant,
has disappeared from .his _home in this
city The relatives of Mr. -Wells ¦ say. that
fce disappeared nine days ago. while his
wife, was at : Clifton- Springs, N. Y.. on. a
visit. When the disappearance became
known "Mrs. .Wells . returned to * the . city,
and though .she prosecuted • Inquiries ' in
every 'direction' she has not been" able to
get any clev7 ¦> to : her husband's where-
Relatives say that Wells has been great
ly worried, over, his. business: affairs -.of
late T B' Tescott, president of the com
pany, 1 is now in. the city looking after the
affairs of ¦ the : agency. . ..
DELAWARE. Ohio, May 6.— It has de
veloped here that Professor Alja R. Crook
of the Northwestern University, who re
cently declared in a lecture that he had
never kissed a woman, has had a romance.
Through relatives living in this city it
Js learned that the- guileless professor is
not only in. love," but is engaged to be
married. The happy event is to take
place, next fall. In connection with his
engagement there is told a most inter
esting story as to .how it. was brought
about. The story is vouched for by rela
tives of Mr. Crook. ! One year ago Miss
Grace Crook, a sister of the professor,
was married at her home at Portsmouth,
Ohic. The wedding was a large one and
there was the usual wedding party. One
of the bridesmaids. Miss Lulu Hyde of
Chlllicothe, Ohio, ¦ so .infatuated Crook
that he was loth ,\o leave her after the
wedding was 'over. ; The incident naturally
led to , a closer acquaintance and finally
resulted in the engagement of the; young
couple. •
Miss Hyde Is a. i former student of the
Ohio Wes'leyan University of this city and
resided at Monnett Hall, which is noted
throughout the country for, its fair ten
ants- -The -widely advertised theory - of ¦
Professor Crook that the love germ does
not thrive in . scientific atmospheres Is
thus jdisproved in-his own case. .
Engagement of Professor
Crook Shows Love
-Vf Germ Exists.
HE DISPROVES
HIS OWN CASE
A piece, of villainy, which is. laid at the
door of the gang is the burning: of ten
school I houses for no . other reason than
dissatisfaction with the locations selected
by the School Directors.
Joseph Heifner, agent of the Iowa State
Insurance Company, who has taken "an
active part in running down the gang, es
timates that their depredations have al
ready cost the insurance companies $40,000.
They have so terrorized' the neighborhood
of Ardmore. a coal mining town in. the
southern part of the county, ..hat the
honest farmers dare not appear against
them, or even refuse to sign their bonds,
for fear their bams and even their, houses
may. be reduced to ashes. Practically all
of the insurance companies have, retired
from the field in ,that locality. • " . N
In the possession of \ Prosecuting At
torney White are confessions signed by
Donovan,' John Province and' the latter's
wife, which, it is alleged, prove the ex
istence of a conspiracy to defraud the
insurance companies. At least hall a
dozen' other people are under suspicion
and may be arrested: ~ The list is said to
Include some of the/most prominent men
in Macon' County. ¦ \ ¦ ¦- . ¦ .- . - -
ST. LOUIS, May 6.— A special to the
Post Dispatch from Macon, Mo., says:
Six men and one woman are' charged with
direct complicity in the recent series \ of
fires in the southern portion of Macon
County. Their object, it is said, was to
swindle the insurance companies. Five
arrests have been made and Deputy Sher
iff Turner left jMacon this morning with
warrants for John Province and wife,
whose home was burned on March 22.
A"rnong those arrested are: Grant Gib
son, a well known farmer and stock raiser
of the, Ardmore neighborhood: Leroy
Summers, son of a farmer: Milton Sum
mers, a relative, and .W. D. Donovan, a
coal miner. Leroy Summers has been
convicted on another charge and has been
taken to the State penitentiary. ~
Gigantic Conspiracy to
Swindle Insurance
Companies.
SEVEH FIREBUGS
IN THE TOILS
Relations Between* Prof essor and ths
Man Killed Were Always
Pleasant.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass:, May 6.— This the
thirteenth day of the j Eastman murder
trial was spent by thedefense in piling up
additional evidence to support the conten
tion that the relations between the de
fendant and the victim of the shooting,
Richard H. Grogan Jr., were at all times
pleasant. The incidents of the fatal day
were scarcely touched -upon.
The evidence showed that the families
were at all times congenial, that. the two
men enjoyed many athletic sports togeth
er, but the sport which mostly took their
fancy was shooting at a mark.
Mrs. Eastman, wife of the defendant,
took the stand Just before the close of the
afternoon session and had not finished
her testimony when the court adjourned.
EVIDENCE INTBODTJCED
IN EASTMAN'S DEFENSE
Police.
PARIS, May 6.— The Patrie to-day pub
lishes dispatches from Palermo, Naples
and Foggia, reporting an alarming situa
tion in Sicily and South Italy. The peas
ants in the provinces of fjMessina, • Cataya
and Syracuse in perpetual revolt and
sanguinary conflicts with the police oc
cur daily.
The region in which the sulphur mines
are situated is agitated and a general
strike is threatened. Misery prevails in
the province of Pioulles. The fields and
gardens are lying waste, the municipality
has suspended payment and the Syndic
has gone to Rome to\ confer with the
Premier. Strikes are< extending every
where in Southern Italy.
Peasants in Several Provinces Are in
Daily Conflict With the -
STRIKES ABE EXTENDING
Sb ':• IN SOUTHERN ITALY
A DECISION was handed down by
Probate Judge Coffey yesterday
awarding' one-third of the $100,
' 000 estate of the late Joseph Ross
to" his granddaughter, Ethel
Ross, a miss of 12 years. The youthful
heiress is the daughter of Joseph L. Ross,
deceased, and Sophie Ross-Jensen, a resi
dent of this city. .
Joseph Ross' estate consists chiefly of
valuable realty adjoining The Call build
ing, on Third street, near Market. Ethel
Ross claimed one-third of the estate as
a pretermitted heir, not aa-vlng been men
tioned or alluded to In any way. in the
will of her grandfather, who died in this
city in October, 1S98,- leaving a will dated
March, 1898.
In this will he mentioned Ethel's fath
er, Joseph L. Ross, leaving, him $10 and
no more. Judg£ Coffey found, however,
that Joseph L. Ross, the father of Ethel,
was dead at the time of the making of
the will. Attorney I. I. Brown and Gavin
McNab, who represented the child Ethel,
claimed that inasmuch . as Ethel was , a
presumptive heir to her grandfather at
the time of the making of the will- the
mere, fact that, a legacy was bequeathed
to her dead father did not prevent her
from asserting. her rights as such a pre
sumptive heir. ' The court adopted this
view and held that Ethel was a pre
termitted heir and entitled .to all the
rights a*' such, and gives her the same
share' In •• her grandfather's estate as
though he had died- without leaving a
Will. • ••' . '" I ;" ¦
The point presented tOithe court was a
new one in California, and Judge Coffey
is the first jurist to pass upon the same
in this State.
The father of Ethel, Joseph. L.' Ross,
left California in 1888 for the State .of
Washington. He was last heard of In
Spokane during the month of July. 18S9.
During this period he wrote regularly to
his wife, and his letters were full of a£
fection for both, her and little Ethel. Jo
seph L. Ross was never heard from after
Julv, 18S9, by his wife or any member of
his'immediate family.
ETHEL. ROSS, WHO WINS A
FORTUNE BY A SUPERIOR
COURT DECISION.
LONDON, May 6.— "There is not a man
in the Republican party wHo .could get
the next Presidential nomination easier
than Senator Mark Hanna, and not a fhan
In the United States who could be so eas
ily elected."
This flat-footed statement of Perry S.
Heath, secretary of the /Republican" Na
tional Committee, to a group of American
friends at the Hotel Cecil' yesterday, was 1
greeted with anything but unanimous as
sent. ¦ •- ..',. '\ ; ... ,
"I know it sounds a bit' startling at
flrst," continued Heath, "but when, you
come to think it over you will agree with*
what I say. Some days before Congress ad T
journed-I -*as talking in Washington . on
the same sirbject with a number of-prom
inent politicians. One of them was. a
strong, candidate for the nomination" hinit 1
self. They, too, looked surprised at* the
suggestion, but when they came to think
it all over they agreed exactly with me."
"How about Mr. McKinley for a third '
term?" asked one of Heath's auditors.- V
"It Is most unlikely," promptly , an
swered Secretary Heath. "While Mr. Mc-»
Kinley has made a record for himself such
as even the greatest of his admirers and j
well wishers never dreamed of, I don't,
think that he himself would entertain for j
a moment the idea of controverting the ,
popular sentiment in opposition to third
nominations. Of course, circumstances
might arise through trade complications
and the consequent widespread foreign
interests of the United States which would
almost demand Mr. McKinley' s retention
of the Presidency, in whichevent the peo
ple would voice their demand in no uncer
tain fashion. But that is another thing.
Under normal circumstances I don't think
Mr. McKinley would entertain a thought
of renomination. Therefore, I repeat, the
strongest man for the nomination to-day
is Senator Mark Hanna. He would be the
easiest to elect."
Special Dispaic'i to The Call.
National SecretaryHeath
Says He Could Be
Elected.
McKinley Will . Not Oppose
Sentiment Against Third
Term.
SENATOR HANNA
FOR PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL; TUESDAY,^ MAl^ 7. 1901.
Will Disinheriting Her Father
• Made Too Late to Bar
xier.
Ethel Will Share
Wealth Left by Her
.Grandfather. M^
5
COMPANY'S ; EXTRACT
of simplifies sick room
cookery. A cup of rich beef
tea in a minute, the
invalid's fancy foi food has
passed away. -
.The gennine always -LSj^^^*^ J0*
bears this Bicnaiuro -JF^C ,¦ <*fc»<;i *L^&-4^1
. -labloe: •• (f, ¦'• ¦ •" V* :
% Dress Goods Remnants— A [ 'most every style of blackS
X ; and colored Dress Goods that. comprise the big store's summer stock is repre-rjj
5l stnted in to-day's Dress Goods Remnant Sa*e. These short lengths have^
J^ : already been marked at reduced prices, but for to-day (Tuesday) only wefc
*. . ; make a further allowance of onG-t§Uart&l* Offm ' jj
K . Henricltis- A'.batross Venetians ' Cheviots Etc.,Rcl S
* Ribbon Remnants— woo or more short lengths from aj
& big month's selling. Remnants of Velvet Ribbons, Taffeta Ribbons, FancyS
Jf NeckR-ibbon, Satin Ribbon, etc. All on special sale to-day only at.one-5
•£ tgUSrleroff* 'reduced remnant prices. Jp
k Underskirts a**d Waists — Two broken lines Fancy*
if.-- Stripe Cotton Underskirts in lignt colors and Ladies' Black Sateen Waists,;?
'j£ fast color. We have too many of these two lines— both have JM*%-J\
at been $ 1 .00— to-day, special to close
i Remnants of Veiiing-*N\ore than 1000 short Jength^l
K of all kinds— black, browns, grays, white, etc., varying in length from %£&
% to I yard— all marked for Tuesday sale at anG- quarter off regular jj
g. prices. Jllll
* Curtains and Draoerfes— Hundreds of short lengths?
Jl" cf Dinims, Curtain Swiss, CurtamNet, : Cretonne, Burlaps, . Furniture Tap-jJ
** estry, Silk -Damasks, Sateen, Silkclines, Madras, Velours and OrientaljJ
*•' Striprs— all marked for Tuesday sale at a further reduction of 0118'*
$ / quarter offm >V 5
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
THE r EMPORIUM. j ; THE EMPOBITJM.
if -¦'•*..--''¦.¦ - - . ¦¦3*
f ; ¦¦ • Scarcely amcnlh ago when we had our last BigT^mnant^
more short, ends and broken*
%si%es 1 have accumulated and must be disposed of . To-day \
%Ttie$day,:{Miyt7,wiU be Remnant TDay in Hie big store, °*
xand for this day only ? »
%the Already Reduced PrSces%
!'.¦ % Stiiff Further \ Gut Down |
tOne- Quarter te One-Th5rd a \
*Lanefi — Embroideries— -This has, been a great lace sea-5
*[ . son, and we find our s^ves heavily overstocked ,wjth lace and embroidery j
»? ' remnants. The very latest fancies in trimming materials— the assortments so.*
|f" large "impossible to describe them in this space. To-day "only on&—thtrti%
K Oif already reduced remnant prices. There are remnants of . *
If ' All-6vsrs Ercbrcideries X Trimmings Chiffons Liberty Silks '\':x %i_
* ¦";-¦• Yoking! Fji: Lace3 *..•/: Dress Braids . Mou;selines Dress "Nets JJ
: -ADVEBTISE3CENTS. -. ;
H «>^ ' <S> /
\ A gorgeous costume flashed beneath the brilliant lights
of a ball room. The queen of society is radiant to-night.- -
\ The nervous hands of a weak woman have toiled day
and night, the weary form and aching head have known no
rest, for the dress must be finished in time.
\ To that queen of society and her dressmaker we would
say a word. One through hothouse culture, luxury and
social excitement, and the other through the toil of necessity,
may soai9 day find their ailments a common cause.
' Kervoiis prostration, excitability, fainting spells, dizzi-
ness, sleeplessness, loss cf appetite and strength, all indicate
serious trouble, which has been promoted by an over-taxed
system.
I For the society queen and the dressmaker alike, there is
nothing so reliable as Lydia E. Pinkhani's Vegetable
Compound to restore strength, vigor, and happiness.
\ Mrs. Lizzie Anderson, 49 Union St., Salem, N. J., writes :
• " Deab Mes. Pixeham : — I feel it is my duty to write and tell you how
grateful I ani to you for what your medicine has done for me. Atone
tine I suffered everything a woman could. I had inflammation of the
ovaries, falling cf the romb, and leucorrhoea. At times could not hold a
needle to sevr. The first dose of your Vegetable Compound helped me so
much that I kept on using it. I have now t^ten six bottles and an well
and able to do my vrcrk. I also ride a wheel and feel no bad effects from
it I am tharkful to the Giver of all good for giving you the wisdom of
, curing 1 suffering women. I reconnnend your med-
., 5 i icine to every woman troubled with any of these
Mrs. Sarah Swoder t 103 West St., j
\ WSiP !^^T& Lsi Porte » Ind - writes :
I %*S$> "Deab Mrs. Peitkham: — It gives me great
• Ws$ l&j>M pleasure to tell you how much good Lydia E.
t^§ &[£ y^f Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has done for me.
\t^ . V J "I had been a sufferer for years with female
*4 'W^P 3 trouble. I could not sew but a few minutes at a
s **55" f time without suffering terribly with my head.
V b2ck and kidneys also troubled me all the
tinie. I -was advised by a friend to take your med-
' icine. I had no faith in it, but decided to try it.
E^rWNKtv%^«^^ After taking- one bottle I felt so much better that
\ S^gvSvS^j^^^S^i I continued its use, and by the time I had taken
MRS. SARAH 5W00ER s^ s bottles I was cured. There is no other medicine
t* "I for me. iT-ecommend it to all my friends."
SEES S^k. G£h (5*\ [f^ W 9 /* " Fc\ P^ ffli Owing to the fact that some skeptical
K*^ t' 5 id S* ft ttS 1?^'*° Vltt «3 fcra 2 B P' 0 ?-* 'i-^v^ f rcm lime to time questioned
pv"3^ % ~ X 3 3 m £ 3 P-» Ho tiBbn? the genuineness of the testimonial letters
fw y. 1 -i f~ li j> we are constantly publishing, we have
" H IS Hi deposited with the Kitional City Bank, of Lvnn, Mass., $5,000,
B E3 3 n K b, ' w h>ch will be paid to any person who will i»ho that the above
&£? m_ftf \3oCT H-c: w testimonials are not genuine, or were published before obtaining
J '5J>» r >3' XS3T the writers' special permission. — Lydia E. PtifKBAll Medicine Co.
tOured White
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Gran-SolTent" dlssolTen Striem™ lfko snow b»
neath the sun. reduces Enlarged Prostate an«
ktremrthens tteSeailnal Ducts, ctopplng Drains lad
Emissions In Fifteen Days.
No dm« to ruin the stotaacSu but » direct local
and posHiTC application to the entire arethral tracV
Grin- Solvent Is not a liquid. It is prepared !•
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and aeilW*
tad so carrcw as to pass tlrs closest Stricture. *
Every Man Should Know Himself.
ffco St. James Assn.. Box 834. Cincinnati. O-. baa
acvnnred at great expense an exhaust- f*n T T I
Ire IlIustrH bed Treatise upon the male LULLI
¦Tstein. which tb*» will tend to any rnLLt
male applicant, ¦¦**¦*¦ I
Ol* JAHIEO A33n., Cincinnati, Ohio.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
{HUSEU1S OF ANATOMY^
A (Zfe lCsl XAS27 ST. tot. £&*?.&. S.7.CaLi
\ tf . The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m a/*~ -il World. V> eaknnte* er any contracted m
Z ffs32W dis<:a<e po»ltl»«ly«r«»dBy the oldest T
O 1,5 5,1 S>P=t" : 'it on 'he Coast. Esc 36 yean. Q
A a&S* I DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN J
1 S (5*5^8 Confutation free and strictly prlrate. \
9 1 X$Qt S Treatment personally or by letter. A A
r fl 17 nB Ptmtive dire in erery cue undertaken. T
iB f Witt Write for Book. PIlLOSOrnT*! i
" II II * B*»«I»SK, MAILED FREE. (Af
Jl it /I valuable book for mi-n) . \ "
9 OR JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market SL.8. P. f
Every Woman
iv^«J\l MARVEL Whirling Spray
VV*S§S)Wi.c5N5&^ lion and Suction, Best— S»f-
vS^C*5stlaj>J__: est-MMt Comrenient.
.7" — * ¦zZr^&'Z'lfflfon ' ** CeMse* Ia»uatl j.
MinVGL, accept no ¦ yr 'Jjy >a2%5ac"^
other, but send stamp for 11- >^V £^*fflhf 1
foil particulars and dirfctions in- ««/¦'/»''" m i
Yalnable to ladies. 9I.1RVK1.CO..
5O3 Mission at.. San Francisco.
OB.MEYERS&CO. J|3%
Specialists. Dia- & •*
ease and "Weakness 8Kk>
of men. Estab- Tt?§7 " ¦f^S^^^v
lishedlSSl. Consul- il f&Pl&f
tation and private xu'i'ft, I V«Ai
book free, at office SSlfflJ '^'QsJ
or by mail. Cures tw^kiaSlSak
guaranteed. 7:$1 N?<lS**W»SSi
Market street (ele- A^f@&**W
vator entrance), o^^-jf^^&L
jg& CANDY CATMARTJC^ *¦•
Genuine stamped C C C Never sold In buDc.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell .
something "just as good. ¦
$10;^- RUPTURE: GU3ED
¦ y> Vyil&&Mm&U/* • for TEH DOLLARS.
¦^j/-'5jt'*^ s *"K?^5^^''i'» Thousands have been cnreA
at their own homes (or this
I small price. Oreate«t ln-
%^?5t - ---' ./ Yentionor theAp*. Secnr-
f^^^^^ ttyardi-omfort to tberuiv.
' j-^l_2**_ tnred. Xo worthless w»lre»
SF^^^^aLgSS^Sa orlot:or.»torut>on. It doe*
LvN ••¦•"¦ ;, ti> iafc =5S» the wort. InTestlpate!
"KooIImVo. t" gl-rtng fall inform.* tion ma'Jfd. iminedi-
itelT on receipt ie. "tamp are* »»••<• ndvt. t:aHorandre»»
¦AQMET1C TB3SS 2OG Pest St. ¦" tXH F3ARCISC3.
%ea^330 MARKET ST. Sf.^i^
n fl PI" nntl 8 t Corner FourtH and
valises checked free.
DR. CROSSMAH'S SPECIFIC I. MIXTURL
For the . cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints o£ ta«
Organs of Generation. , ...
Price fl a bottle. For sal* by druggljta. :
I «{S|ii|j§ Prices Reduced
li||Fsf$|g Reduce §tock 1
To make room for the new things in vehicles we have made startling
reductions in the price of many of our popular style Runabouts, Surreys
and Phaetons. These vehicles are well made and so complete in every de-
tail that; at the price offered, the supply will not last long. They are the
I best and latest on the market. r
Runabouts with solid rubber or pneumatic tires, wire or wood wheels.
The season's latest ofFerinsrs in Surreys — from $125 up. All other .
) vehicles are. correspondingly reduced, making this an exceptional oppor-
tunity to buy new and fashionable carriages. * > :
Newest designs in RACING WAGONS, PNEUMATIC CARTS
and Sulkies now in stock. -:>*':-? X'-'
I Cor. Polk St. and Golden Gate Ave. '¦
' mrr - f — nfTl^ muum ' '¦ ' '' ' '.i- '" I Jium". -.iiiii |.-|M|^^|MI— IM- INothing bo refreshing as a half wineglass of
Dr.Siegert's AngosturaBitters before meals, the
South American appetizer. Beware of Imitation.
Dr. Sanford's laver Invlgoratqr.
Best Liver Medicine. VegetableCnref or Liver Ilia,
Biliousness, Indigestion, Constipation, Malaria.*
Barbara, ¦ , Cal.v* -, contains - -,' seventy- nine
townships. s" A, few. of ' these' are not full
townships, -, part being 'in ¦ adjacent : coun
ties. ;^ The 'area 1 -of ;: the .«; county :¦• is 2450
square , miles. & The ¦-¦ officers ' are ' elected
for '< two v years.' . -The County .- Clerk is
paid v $2500 ; ; Sheriff -• $6000 ; - Tax Collector;
$2000; V Treasurer, . 51500; -j j Recorder,'- 12800;
Auditor."? $1500; 5 District >• Attorney, - ' $2500;
, SANTA t BARBARA "..' COUNTY— E. £ B.
D., Bullard.VCal. *;.. The county i of ii Sa"nta
'. BICYCLE ;. I RECORDS— E. \f: A., ? City.
There are ; several vbicycley records for "a
mile/ . Against V time, v paced, _1:22 2-5; in
competition; ,paced,]l:34 2-5;, against time,'
unpaced,' 1;55.?, These are professional rec
ords. •=' Amateur — Against, time, paced, 1:28;
against 1 time, -unpaced," 2:02 3-5." 'Under,
special < conditions— Motor ¦ tandem paced,
wind shield attached," 1:19.- :.The above are
all I American • records. • The • best ; English
record'is 1:27 4 ; 5. . • •. v •
; A" FEATHER ; BOA— L. : M. S. -V If you
jhave a feather^boa that '.you '.value youwill
save I time, I money.; and A the : of
ruining : it by sending it to , a ' professional
cleaner. If you attempt to clean- it your
self you run the risk of destroying, it and
being out. the cost of requisite material.
.: RAILS— A. S., Soldiers' Home, Cal. The
weight of i rails " used ' by. railroads;. vary.
Generally they are 30 feet long and 'weigh
70, - 90 : and even * 100 : pounds , to the - yard-'
Steel rails six inches ; high -and with the
same' width of , flange weigh 120 ' pounds ; to
tho yard. -., r' ¦, ;• ,svr
;TKE CALL BUILDING— <5. E.D., For
dyce, Ark.' The height of The Call build
ing," as the '•'¦¦ Claus i Spreckels^building .' is
generally called^ in' stories is eighteen. '
BENJAMIN HARRISON— R. W. P.,
City. Benjamin Harrison '.was President
of the United States at the time he vis
ited San Francisco, April 26, 1891. ' •
POULTRY JOURNALS— E. J., I Olete,
Or. There Is a poultry journal published
in San Jose and two in Los Angeles.'
V AN AUTHOR WANTED-J. T. H., Val :
lejo". This correspondent wants to know
who is the author of -"Let; me play the"
fool. with mirth and laughter.'.'. -, v
In September, J 17SS, the requisite number of
States havlngr ratified the new constitution, the
Continental Congress, in session at Washing
ton, fixed ' upon the • first Wednesday in Jan*
ary, 17», for the • choice 'of Presidential elec
tors, the first Wednesday In February for tha
electoral choice of a President and the first
Wednesday. in March for inaugurating the new
government. .. The first Wednesday In March
1789, happened to be the ' 4th of the month*
The day was greeted' in New York with canl
non and the ringing of bells, but the new eov
eminent was not •. ready for the expected in
auguration. Federal Hall, which had been
fitted up by private subscription . for the us*
of the new Congress, was still In progress of
renovation. The old Congress continued its
session for formality sake, so that as a v™
York - citizen remarked. It seemed doubtful
whether. the old government was dead or th«
new one alive. • ' Prolonged storms, bad road,
and imperfect means of conveyance caused th»
delay. • The House organized at last with a
bare quorum of thirty members. April r Tht
Senate quorum was made up April 8. Washing!
ton did not reach New York until April 23 «nn
was not inaugurated until April 30. As the'Gov
ernment had not gone Into operation on the
day originally appointed, - there . seemed to be
Bome I «oubtas.to.the date of the actual h»
ginning : ol^the \ Federal year, and • the endlne
thereof. That , was settled' by the adoption of
Kl 0^ ' res ° lu tt°n : of both - houses In January
1790. declaring that the: term of. the Congress
then In, session should expire March 3 1790
S££ er S °' th »t)Ody chosen. in 1790. , therefore
began on • the . day following. . Thus March 4
became fixed, as the day • for the . Inauguration
of > Presidents and the opening of the- Con
gressional* ye*r. . . ¦- .
INAUGURATION DAY— J. M.. City.
Tho following explains why the President
of the United States is inaugurated on
the 4th of March: on
TENANT AND LANDLORD— C., City.
If a landlord raises the rent on a month
to month tenant and tho tenant refuses to
pay the increased rent the landlord may
then give him 'notice, to quit, the time not
to be less than thirty flays. If a land
lord entered into a verbal agreement with
his tenant to do certain repairs during the
tenancy he is bound to do so, and If he
does not the tenant has the right to have
repairs made to the value of not exceed
ing one month's rent and deduct the same
from the amount of the rent agreed upon
Assessor, $2000; Superintendent of In
struction, jlSOO; Coroner and Public Ad
ministrator, fees; Surveyors, 'fees: Su
perior; Judge, $4000; Supervisors, J600 and
20 v cents mileage one way.
President McKinley and party, after vlsltln»
California, will go to the Pan-American Expo
sition at Buffalo, and though you cannot travel
on the Presidential train the comfortable trains
of the Nickel Plate Road enable you to follow
his example, with the assurance of an enjoy
able trip. Nickel Plate Dining Cars serve Club
Meals from 35 cents to Jl each. Book free
showing views of Exposition bulldlags Jay
W. Adams. P. C P. A.. 87 Crocker building
San Francisco, Cal. . g.
The President's Good Judgment.
An Atchlson man who sells whisky Is so
strongly prejudiced against It that he will
not use it even on the advics of a physi
cian. . , -.-•.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. " •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 629 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
¦ The suspicion that the majority of the pupils of
the .common schools of Germany are inadequately
educated, since the teachers are so badly'paid^is con
firmed, by reports made by a correspondent Tof the
London Telegraph, who has studied the subject from
a pqinfof. view quite different" from .that taken" by.- the:
American correspondent. In • giving' illustrations , ; of
the ignorance of the young .'men who . have had no
other than a common school education* he 'says: "A
The writer goes on to say: "It is far from my
purpose to say anything in disparagement of the
Prussian school system, for which I have the highest
admiration. The point of these remarks is that now
adays Germany is doing its best work in education
rather in spite of the present regime than by its aid."
It appears, then, that notwithstanding, a system that so
degrades the ; prof ession of school-teaching that more
than 5000 schools in the kingdom remain ..without
teachers, it is the belief of the writer that the, results
are -still admirable. It is probable a more thorough
examination might have led to a different conclu
sion, and that the critic would have riote'd , that in
justice done to the teaching, body has. had ill effects
upon the pupils. I
One of the authorities, a correspondent of the Bos
ton Transcript, says: "In Prussia alone, as was
shown in a recent Parliamentary debate, there are now
over 5000 vacancies among the teaclfers of the public,
schools — this in a country which has an abnormally
large proportion of university trained men and where
learning is a drug in the market." He attributes the
lack of teachers to the iiiggardly pay % allotted to, them
and to the scant courtesy they receive in society. A
professor in a university h looked upon as a dignitary,
but a common school teacher is held in but slight es
teem, and it is added they have also a reason to com
plain of. "the unworthy treatment to which they are
often forced to submit at the hands of martinet offi-
GERMANY has for so long a time been looked
upon as the exemplar of national education
that adverse criticism of her public schools
ami their results has rarely been heard. It is there
fore worth noting that of late two writers on the sub
ject,, one American and one British, have taken that
critical attitude. In their judgment Germany gives
too much attention to universities and too little to the
primary schools, with the result that while the empire
has an oversupply of highly educated men, the in
struction given to the mass of the people is inadequate
and ineffective.
EDUCATION IN GERMANY.
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
The last straw which should break the back of offi
cial incapacity has been flung at that wonder of mu
nicipal life, the Board of Public Works. Indignant
citizens have appealed to- the Grand Jury for redress
ag?inst the delinquencies of the derelict board. •
The neglect of ' highways . is the more strange . be-,
cause good roads are about :the most economical
money-saving i and : labor-saving works a county can
carry oni It has been estimated by the Department
of Agriculture' that while it costs the American farmer
anaverage of 25 cents to haulone ton one:mile;on
existing roads, it costs a French farmer only 6.8 cents
to haulone ton one mile; on ithe highways of France.
When the amount . of -that is done in an
American . county ¦ is taken into consideration ' t it - will
be seen: that the; saving of something" more than 17
cents on every ton for every mile would constitute a
very. important rural economy .'_. Sooner or ..later that
economy will have to be undertaken i and ;the sooner
the'-better: " ' : \ ' " . ; ' r .' .' •' ' - , '*"*>><
Up to this time Massachusetts, New Jersey: and
Connecticut are the only ' States' in -the " Union thai
have seriously grappled with the problem of highway
improvement and adopted. a well devised system for
solving it. It has' been noted in those States that .the
construction of one good road leads to ' the under-;
taking. of another. The example is. said to^be,infec
tious. We have not had that experience in California.:
Some of our counties' have provided goodfroads! and
maintained them for years without having had the
effect T of rousing adjoining counties to imitate the
example. ,. ; . , . - : . .¦" ; ';'<.;. i V ¦ : ¦ :- ¦ ;
Even in New York, where there was a well organ T
ized movement to bring about the enactment of a
measure designed to stimulate road improvement, and
wncre a definite plan was agreed upon in advance; the
result was to a considerable extent disappointing.
The plan. was to have the State issue bonds to the
extent of $5,000,006 to be used in highway^ improve-,
ments in co-operation with the counties: The" best'
that was attained was an appropriation of .$420,000
for that purpose. Even that is decidedly * better than
nothing, for in order, to obtain any part of the State
appropriation a county must guarantee in advance an
expenditure for such .improvements equal to the/
amount asked for from 'the State. Thus if x all be called'
for there will be expended upon permanent Statc\
roads in New York this year the sum of $840,000. Y
DESPITE the campaign of education on the
subject of highway improvement which has
been carried on with more or less earnestness
for several years, comparatively little was'accom
plished to promote the work during the past winter.
For one reason or another the Legislatures of , the
various States gave no heed to the demand for legis
iaticn on the subject, or else were unable to agree
upon any measure of the kind submitted to them.
GOOD ROADS MOVEMENT.
\Vhat_ Dr. Dillon . and Sir _ Robert Hart saw is ac
cepted as better testimony than the Minister's opinion
of whatf he did not see. ; .
Upon these strictly international subjects the views
of Minister Conger are of value, for he took part in
the things of which he speaks. His belief about things
he did not see nor take part in is no better than that
of any other who was not an eyewitness.
On our part this was diplomacy of the higher and
better sort, and we were the only nation present and
powerful that could indulge in the luxury of sincerity.
The others would have secretly exulted in the accom
plishment of Russia's ulterior purpose, because it gave
them an excuse for doing just what she intended
to do.
So far the United States has exerted a salutary,
conservative influence in the question of settlement
and has confused the other allies by taking their pro
fessions of justice to express their sole purpose. In
this way we ended the . Russo-Manchurian incident
and averted war between Russia and Japan. That con
flict was not settled in St. Petersburg and Tokio, but
in Washington. President McKinley and Secretary
Hay put Russia in a position where she could not
prc;end one thing and do another. Left to deal with
China alone, or Japan alone, or with the other Euro
pean allies which have the same ulterior purpose that
she cherishsd, Russia would have used the Manchu
rian convention as a sword to cut China in two. She
caied nothing for its text or apparent purpose when
dealing with her rivals or her intended victims; but
when our Government said that we would take that
convention to mean only what it said and to ambush
no other than its professed purpose, she saw that she
could not use it for its real purpose, and her interest
in China's signature at once abated.'
WITH the news expressed by Minister Con
ger in his communication to a New York
weekly the country will be pleased. The de
sire to impose no burden upon China that she cannot
carry agrees with American sentiment, which would
willingly accept guarantees for the future, coupled
with the opening of the empire-to the world, as far as
is consistent with its necessary complement, the equal
opening of the world to China, on exactly reciprocal
tenr.f.
Minister Conger develops very clearly the mutual
contentions and greeds of the European powers, and
makes it evident that they seek excuses for the stay
in China of their military forces,- pretending that con
tinued occupation is made necessary by a situation
of Chinese creation, when they are really there to
watch each other, every one intending to make, a
grab when the others are not looking. For such stay
on her soil, and for such purpose alone, they propose
that China shall pay the bill! They see that such
policy is a handy means for increasing the demand
for money indemnity to a sum that the country can
not stand, arid then making her physical incapacity to
respond an excuse for the seizure of territory and the
partition of the empire.
Those powers are making history, but they will not
write it. It will not be written in line with their pre
tenses, but in line with the facts, and the future will
judge them by what they do, not by what they profess
ard pretend.
CONGER ON CHINA.
About this time there came a smallpox
scare in the land of TJz, and the physi
cians were sent around to vaccinate the
people.
In due course they came to the house
of Job.
Now, Job was the r.iost patient man In
the -whole settlement, and Instead ot
pleading that he had troubles of his own —
as indeed he had at that time — he gave or
ders that they be admitted.
"Job," they said, stepping up to hla bed
side, "we have come to vaccinate you."
"Go ahead, gentlemen." he groaned, "if
you can find a place." — Chicago Journal.
It -was at a fashionable boarding-house,
and they had calves* brains for lunch.
She spoke to the gentleman next to her:
"And do you lika calves* brains. Mr.
Domo?"
"I always try to feel content with, what
I have, madam." |
There is a time to laugh, even In fash
ionable boarding-houses. — Yonkera States
man. :¦"-••
The Playwright— My drama Is very re
alistic, don't you think so?
The Critic — Yes, you have a real barn
yard, a real pump that gives real water,
and the people dance & "Virginia reel. It's
funny to me you don't go a little further
and get some real actors and pay them
real money.— New Orleans Dally States.
"Did you say that young man In the
parlor tried to kis3 you, dear?" said the
young stepmother.
"Yes, he did," replied the daughter.
"And did you tell him you would call
me?"
"No, I didn't; do you think no one in the
house wants to be kissed but you?" —
Tonkers Statesman.
"So you're going to marry the police
man, Bridget?"
"Yes, mum."
"I suppose you'll have the same trouble
with him I've had with my husband."
"Shure, "what's that, mum?"
"Oh, he won't give up his club."—Yonk
ers Statesman.
"I see the barbers ln'some towns in Ger
many are compelled by law to cleanse and
disinfect their combs add brushes Imme
diately after use and before they are ap
plied to the hair or head of another cus
tomer," said the customer in the "barber
shop after an operation.
"vel," replied the bushy-haired tonsnri
al artist, "you see I always runs my comb
and brush through my hair before attend
ing to another customer." — Yonkera
Statesman.
CHANCE TO SMILE.
WASHINGTON", May «.— The followlns
Calif ornlans are in Washington:
At the Arlington— Dr. George Rotbgang
er,. Miss Emily Rothganger, San Fran
cisco. At the Metropolitan — F. Qunle,
San Francisco* ¦~*~, -¦:
CALIFORNIAUS HT "WASHINGTON
The President is a cheerful', man by : nature; : he
thinks cheerfully and he talks cheerfully, but he knows
Americans are the least prudent of pecple, that they
are the most sanguine and ardent} and consequently
he preaches thrift as well as enterprise. Optimism
and prudence make a good combination, and it is to
be hoped most Americans will be able to combine
them with the sagacity. the President advises.
It would be weir if all Americans would heed those
words. There is nothing in them of foreboding, or
any suggestion of coming disaster, such as some men
have uttered, : nevertheless they constitute a warning
against the wild speculation now. going on in, Wall
street. In this time of. prosperity, we must prepare for
the coming of evil days. !Every worker should* save
a portion of his earnings.
Those were the words of the. optimist,' the utterance
of the patriot statesman exulting in the prosperity of
his country; but later on he said: -"What we want
to do now is to be prudent in our prosperity— save
while we can, and be strong if the storms should come,
arid they do come now and then. Whatever comes let
us be fortified by the practice of economy while we
are all so well employed." ; ; ; . {. : ['.
At Roanoke he said: "We have never had so much
to' do in all our history as we have now. We never
had so much business at home, nor so much abroad.
"We never made so much and never sold so much as
we shall sell this year. We are expanding our mar
kets. Our productive capacity has become so great
that we are not only able to supply the home market,
but we require a foreign market for our surplus, and
so we are seeking an open 'door; in the Orient for .the
products of American soil arid American labor."
An illustration of the wisdom of his counsel is to be
found in the brief references he has made from time
to time to the abounding prosperity, of. the.country,
?.nd to the proper method oi profiting by it.. He is
an optimist, but he is not blind to the dangers of that
sanguine speculation into which prosperity is apt* to
lead so many enterprising people, and has not failed
to point out the importance of prudence and discre
tion. . ¦- :' ; ; ' ¦;-. ' '- . . ¦
j-^ RESIDENT McKINLEY in the course of his
r— * addresses along the route of his tour is doing
A something more .than f making complimentary
talks to the, people.. In almost every .case he has had
something to say that affects 'the larger issues of, the
times, and consequently his words may be studied
witn interest in all parts of the country.
OPTIMISM AND PRUDENCE.
•NEW YORK, May 6.— Tha following
Calif ornlans are In New York:
From San Francisco— Mlsa M. C. lift , at
Imperial; T. E. Greene, C. E. Hole, It St.
Cloud; B. J. Hayes, at ' Criterion; A. H.
Johnson, at Grand Union; I*." Kohman, at
Herald Square; M. L. Levy, at Normandlo;
F. Lindsay, at Broadway Central ;W. S.
•Lowry and wife, at Park Avenue; J. R.
"Wllkens, at Herald Square; F. S. Miner,
at Bartholdi; J. F. Myers, at Astor; R. "W.
Osborne, at Earlington; J. S. V. Pletta,
Mrs. M. J. Thomas, at MarlboroUffh, Mrs.
L. Warde. at Vendo.me; M. Feintuch, at
Herald Sauare. / *'
From San Jose— Miss M. Mackenzie, at
Herald Scuare.
CAxrFOHNiAXS nr newjtork.
rUESDAY.. ............'........ .....MAY 7, iQQi
JOHN D.-SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Commnfiintiens t» W. S. LEASE, M wager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .... .Telephone JZZZZZJZZZZ.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F. -
Telephone Press 201.
CDITORIAL ROOMS 217 *«» 221 Stevenson : St.~
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered *t Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week
Sfnirie Copies. 5 Cents.
Trrnm br Jlsll, Including: Postasret
r»ATLT CALL Ondndln* Sunday), one year ......I J«.M
DAILY CALIj (Including Sunday). 8 months... 3-00
J>AILT CALb (Including Sunday). I months l.M
DAILT CALL-By Single Month <52
WEEKLT C.AT.T.. One -Tea? .' " !•<*
All postmasters are authorized to receive
. subscription*. . v .
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Ifafl «ut*ernier* In . orderlnr ohane* of ndflr»«« rtimild t>e
particular to rl»* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insnr* a prompt and correct compliance with tnelr request.
O A KLAJTD OFFICE .-... 1118 Broadvrny
C. GEORGE KROG7VJ3SS.
Eutgtr rortign Advertising, Xarqnetts Building. Ctic&gJ.
(Lone Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEXT TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C C CAHLTOS. ................. Herald Square
NEW 'YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEFHEX B. SMITH. ....... .30 Tribune Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
' Waldorf -Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI TJnioa Square:
Sferray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Honee: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
,WASHIXGTO?r (D. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., N. W.
BIOR.TOS E. CRANE, Correspondent.
DRAJTCH OFFICE-5— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until *:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. £33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
••SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, 'open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
crtll t o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twecty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
XE- THE MAORIS OF - NEW ZEALAND.
Among the colored races with which the
Anglo-Saxon people have come in contact
there are few presenting so many features
of interest and none showing: such a re
markable advancement from savagery to
civilization as the Maoris of New Zealand.
The history, of their encounters .with the
white, invader of their country, of their
pacification, and of how they were turned
to the ways of civilization; though it ex
tends over but a brief period, is full of
picturesque Incident ' and may furnish
some useful lessons for the United , States
'in? dealing with the people of the . Philip
pines.^",. . -„ .'. v ' ¦. . *" '
» There is no record' of the .origin of the
Maoris. :, Tradition tells of their voyaging
,tb -'New Zealand j In canoes ' from some of
the ; Islands. of .the Pacific, and this tradi
tion Is accepted by students of the race,
the time of their coming being about 500
years ago.. When Tasman first sighted
New Zealand, in 1642, he found the na
tives numerous and fierce, and Captain
Cook gave blood-curaling accounts of
their warlike character and cannibalism
as the result cf his visits from- 1769 to
1774. In 1S09 3ixty-six white persons on
board the ship Boyd, which called on her
way from Sydney, to England, were killed
and eaten by. the. Maoris, and in 1816 the
crew of ,the American brig Agnes suffered
a similar fate. ¦ However, the Rev. Sam
uel Marsden took a band of missionaries
to -New Zealand in 1814. He secured the
friendship of some of the chiefs, but was
unable to prevent wars among the differ
ent Maori tribes. When the first orga
nized band of British, settlers arrived, ten
years . later, the ¦ majority of them were
frightened from the country by the sight
of a conquering tribe cutting up and eat
ing the bodies of its enemies.
The Treaty of Waitangi.
The missionaries, however, continued
their work, and through their influence
the active intervention of Great Britain
was secured, and in 1840 the treaty of
Waitangi was signed, -a great event for
the Maoris, who to this day regard . that
agreement as Lheir Magna Charta. It con
tained the Maoris' declaration of . alle»
glance to the Queen and Great Britain's
recognition of the Maori ownership of the
whole of New ; Zealand. This treaty led
to a semblance of -peace and the'settle
ment of the couiftry. proceeded, but .the
difficulty of dealing with, the natives with
respect to their lands was soon apparent,
and the first bloodshed. after the signing
of the treaty was caused by a disputed
land transaction between the whites and
the - Maoris. The war lasted five years,
peace being eventually restored by the ef
forts of Sir George Grey, who secured the
confidence of the Maoris, dealing fairly
with them, paying for their lands, set
ting ¦ up schools to educate \ their children
and train them in agriculture. Through
out the war a section of Maoris had re
mained friendly to the English and j had
fought with them against the hostile
tribes. ¦ ' -" ¦.'.¦¦
During the twelve years of .peace that
followed the ever-increasing- number of
white settlers in New. Zealand had many
friends among the Maoris. But the tribes
inhabiting the heart. of the north island
continued hostile, to, the British. They
had been always averse to the Maoris'
selling their land; and they had noted
with displeasure the increased power of
the white men. Meetings" were held and
it was < reso'lved that an attempt should
be made to amalgamate all the Maori
tribes under one king with a view to driv
ing the English out of the country. \ Te
Whero Whero was "chosen King and he
hoisted the Maori flag, but the movement
was unsuccessful and to this day there
has not been any union ' of the tribes.
There is. still, a Maori - king but his
. authority is acknowledged by only a sec
tion of the Maoris and he uses. his influ
ence not to drive the English out of the
country, but to secure from the English
representatives in Parliament the best
legislation possible for his people.
, " Pacification of the Maoris. -
The movement, 1 , however, was accom
panied by the formation of a land league
and the old trouble in connection with
the purchase of native lands led to war
in the TaranakI district. No sooner had
this rising been quelled than another sec
tion pf the Maoris, the Warkatos, were
In arms and a long and costly war fol
lowed. Sir George Grey, who had been
so successful in. the first war, arrived in
1861, but the Maoris were not subdued
until 1S66 and there were skirmishes up
to 1871.. v
Throughout the war Sir George Grey
had done much to break down the native
distrust of the English colonists and at
a critical time \ Sir ¦ Donald McLean came
on' the scene as mlni%ter of native affairs.
During his seven years of office all traces
of. enmity were wiped away. Sir Donald
Mcljean understood the Maoris. , He paid
respect to their chief s and ' showed great,
tact- in the purchase of native lands. .He
employed a large. number of Maoris on
roadmaking, paying . them liberally.
Though obstiriate and self-willed in op
position, the Maoris ; have always been
easily : handled when ';¦ respectfully and
kindly treated, and ' Sir i Donald* was ever
their friend ;and counselor. They had
learned the value of money long before
the close of the war and the money spent
among them in roadmaking did much to
ANSWERS T0 CORRESPONDENTS.
conciliate them, • while the roads opened
up the country for future settlement.
. Bapid Progress of the Natives.
There has been one, and only one, real
difficulty in dealing with them. The land
question has always been a source of.
trouble: It was the cause of much of the
bloodshed and has been the object of con
tinuous negotiation ever since, but suc
cessive governments since 1870 have
shown much patience and consideration
with Maori land owners and gradually
prejudice has given place to confidence
and 1 the Maoris to their ow.n benefit are
now leasing and selling their lands freely
to Europeans." The treaty of Waitangl
gave to the Maoris, numbering, at - the
time 60,000 or 70,000, an absolute title to
66,000,000 acres of valuable land and the
validity of the. treaty or the rights of the
Maoris to the land has never been dis
puted."
"When the treaty was signed the private
purchase of native lands was stopped, the
pre-emptive right of purchase from the
Maoris passing to the British Govern
ment, an officer of the crown being ap-i
pointed to determine -the titles. This
method . obtained until 1862, when land
courts, presided over by able Judges,
were set up to determine titles and pri
vate purchases were allowed up to 1894,
when the crown again took the sole right
of dealing with the Maoris. The Maoris
urged that they should have a greater
voice in the disposal of their land*. After
many consultations with the tribes the
present Premier, the Right Hon. R. J.
Seddon, has recently brought Into opera
tion the most'^promising land legislation
yet provided for the Maoris. The whole
control of the lands is vested In a board
partly appointed by the Governor and
partly elected by the Maoris themselves,,
provision being made for the majority of
the members being Maoris. The board
Investigates titles and' has power to sell
or lease land either- to private Individuals
or to the crown, but prior to any sale the
members of the board have to be satis
fied that the alienating Maori retains suf
ficient land for his own support.
Since the treaty ox Waitangi much land
has passed out of the hands of the Maoris.'
Since 1S70 the * Government has spent a
sum equal to $10,000,000 In purchasing na
tive, lands in the north island and prior
to that year the whole of the south Isl
and had been disposed of by the Maori
owners. There are still, however, over
10,000,000 acres owned by Maoris, of which
they cultivate only about 10,000 acres.
Present Condition of the Maoris.
The position of the Maoris to-day is in
many respects in striking contrast to that
of a quarter of a century ago. Unfortu
nately their numbers are decreasing.
There were at the last census under 40,000.
The half-caste population, now over 6000,
is steadily Increasing. To a considerable
extent the Maoris still live in communis
tic fashion, each village, cultivatng suffi
cient food for its own recfuirements, while
in their dealings with Europeans they fre
quently pool the proceeds for the bene
fit of the community. There are, how
ever, many . exceptions to this rule, and
as railways are being pushed through
their country and the opportunities for
earning and spending money in European
fashion are increased the little communi
ties are being gradually broken up. •
Of the marks of improvement shown by
the Maoris there is none so distinctly
prominent as the anxiety they display for
the education of their chttdren and their
instruction in the English language.
There are 4410 Maori children now attend
ing school, many of them are receiving
higher education and a few have been
graduated, at the university. There are
several Maori lawyers in the colony and
the roll of the Supreme Court contains
the name of at least one Maori barrister.
"When well trained the Maoris make ex
cellent mechanics and they have always
shown a wonderful capacity for making
roads even without engineering assist
ance.
Maoris in Government Offices.
In the last thirty years the Maoris have
returned four members to the New Zea
land House of Representatives and they
have at present two members of the race
sitting in the Legislative Council. The
present ¦• Minister for Native Affairs, the
Hon. James Carroll, is a half-caste, sit
ting for a European constituency. He Is
a persistent advocate of tlie cause of the
Maoris. For the election of the four
Maori members of the House of Repre
sentatives all Maoris over 21 years of age
have ' a vote. At the last election there
were twenty candidates for the four seats
and of a total population of 39,854 (includ
ing children), 13.628 voted. The local gov
ernment of Maori villages has until re
cently been left in the controli of the I
chiefs, but an act passed during the last
session of Parliament has created Maori
councils with a sort of mixed authority
comprising the functions of policeman,
magistrate and local board of health.
The Maoris are respected and admired
for their sterling virtues and their brav
ery. Obstinate and self-willed in warfare,
proud and superstitious In their subse
quent dealings with the British, they have
developed into a light-hearted, good-na
tured race, erratic and uncertain, it is
true, and possessing none of the charac
teristics of a progressive people, yet with
out doubt the best colored race in physi
que, in" character and in history that
could be found in the world-wide British
empire.
(COPYRIGHT, 190L)
By Robert DSL. Ha.o3s.et.
Interesting jand Remarkable Advancement
¦Made -.in /Civilization by" the Maoris of
: " " \ ¦ New-Zealand, ;.v
preparediby experts and specialists for
The. San Francisco Gall; . x • •
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS
If the Kaiser have a dream of racial integration and
believe that every German emigrant goes 'forth
branded as the bondman of the empire he is mistaken.
The race .was before the empire. It has impressed its
genius in Germanic institutions in England and the
United States, and its capacities are greater and its
aspirations freer than the artificial structure built in
its name over the German states of the continent.
But we have another expectation just as strongly
founded. It is that these same immigrants, having
healed their shoulders made raw by the burdens of
empire, will turn to us and themselves invoke the
Monroe doctrine for protection against the re
imposition of the load they have laid off.. We have
no doubt that should the Kaiser attempt to plant his
warlike banner over the Germans who have passed
from under its folds they would resent it as strongly
as our fathers did the attempt to make the British flag
an emblem of their oppression.
Americans are not migratory. We have verge
enough at home. All state-building or state-strength
ening immigration must be of the class that eats its
bread in the sweat of its face. It is manual labor that
builds or strengthens all foundations. Our- laboring
population governs at home and sees abroad no higher
opportunities than are at hand here. We could not
spud them to colonize South American countries if we
should invade and conquer them, and without such
colonization" the change would not be productive of
good. \
Since :he promulgation of the Monroe doctrine this
country has had but one wish as to Central and South
America, and that is for the planting there of perma
nent self-government. .To accomplish this we have
sent out no colonies, nor have we applied any force.
We have appreciated the racial peculiarities of the
people and have expected that these would become
less marked. by infusion of the blood of Northern
Europe by immigration.
In this expectation and desire we have no stronger
allies than the German and Scandinavian immigrants.
. Without any desire to impeach the judgment of the
Review, we must be permitted to" point out that its
ji'dgment'is misused. German migration carries with
it affection for the fatherland, not joined to any desire
to take also .German imperial institutions. The
United States has, offered, and offers still, a most in
viting field for German immigration/ and the immi
grants face hitherward to improve their condition in
our wider and'freer opportunities and to escape ; the
military burdens and bureaucratic Government which
bear heavily upon them at home. .There is surely no
evidence furnished by the German population in
North or South America that they are anxious to
bring their burdens with them. Th-ey are too tired
of packing soldiers at home to bring them on 'their
backs across the sea.
Germans will continue to settle in South America.
Thev will not go there as military colonists to over
throw existing governments and plant the empire, but
as peaceful citizens who will finally infuse German
love of law and order into the Governments they
find already planted. In the United States we owe
much to the German spirit. Our institutions have
been strengthened by their influence. The republi
can scheme of government had its germ in the Saxon
idess of order, which are the common heritage of the
German and Scandinavian races. Instead of being
jealous of the settlement of South America by those
iaccs> we" welcome it , as a guarantee of the future
suability of Brazil, the Argentine and all the greater
Governments of that continent. It means their closer
approximation to our own development, and that
they will be better neighbors and better customers.
GERMANY AND AMERICA.
THE London press is sensational in its forecast
of trouble between 'the United [States and Ger
many. •' "• :j ' ' . ¦
«^It is pretended that the opportunities for German
immigrants in South America will furnish the. issue to
be joined and fought about by the two 'countries. The
Saturday Review says that the Kaiser, "like a wise
ruler, prepares for'the future, to be found in the strug
gle for partition and exploitation of the great South
American continent." • .
E. H. Vance, a business man of Eureka,
la down here on business, and is staying
at the Grand.-
C. H. Markham, general freight and
passenger agent of the Southern Paciflq
Company at Portland, Or., is in the city.
W. • G. . Oberteufter, chief clerk of tha
quartermaster's department at Portland,
Or., is down here on his vacation, and is
staying at the Occidental.
Mrs. G. M. Pullman, Mr. and Mrs|
Sanger Pullman and Mrs. H. O. Stone ar
rived In this city yesterday in a special
car. They are staying at the Palace.
W.'BI Bascom, assistant general freight
agent of the Illinois Central, arrived in
the city yesterday. He Is ¦ visiting the
coast to attend the Transcontinental
Freight Bureau meeting at Del Monte.
' Mrs. Francis J. Cardan is now rapidly
recovering. The physicians who have her
case In charge are satisfied that she has
passed tha danger point and will, within
a reasonable time, be able to resume her
place In society. ¦ . ;
Joseph H. Call, a prominent corporation
attorney of Los Angeles, is a guest at tha
Occidental.
J." B. . Biddle. an extensive oil man ot
Hanford. registered at the Grand yester
day.
', W. P. Thoma3, a prominent attorney ot
Uklah. la at the Grand.
D. M. Brogran, a mining man of Seattle,
is a guest at the Lick.
«L. T. Hatfleld Is down from Sacramento
and. Is staying at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A country whose young recruits do not know .the
name of the founder of their nation can hardly be said
to have a good system of common school = education.
Evidently we can no. longer look to Germany.; as a
model in that form of instruction. . ' '•
Some of the answers. given by those who had heard
of 'Bismarck and had some sort of notion concerning
him are f amusing-. Among them were these: "Bis
marck was the ; first German Emperor." "Bismarck
was a great; poet." "Bismarck was the instigator of
the Kulturkampf." "BismaVck was a translator of the
Bible." "Bismarck was the first company officer in
the ,war.V\ The.last answer was that of a recruit who
thought he knew all about his country and was giving
an excellent definition of -Bismarck. It ran: "Bis
marck was the Kaiser's "greatest enemy."
German lieutenant of infantry on 1 the west
ern frontier put two questions to: seventy-eight of his
recruits a ; few days after they ¦ joined the regiment—
and it should be remarked that the country folk on tlie
western frontier are'- somewhat more enlightened than
their' compatriots of the March of Brandenburg and
of "the eastern frontier: " The ! questions we're:" 'Who
was Bismarck?' t'Who; was -Windthorst?' ' Twerity-
of these seventy-eight yokels declared- they -had
never J heard 'of : Bismarck;; twenty-two : said he had
been. a. great general;, six "thought he Was a former
Minister. of War; and nine. pictured him to their minds
as "a celebrated leader of T armies." Five of them did^
knew.. that • he was /the first : Chancellor of the empire,
a'lid'nirie indeed said, 'Bismarck founded the German
empire.'" ",. .:..'.- ,' . : :
THE SA.N FRAyciSCO CALL, TUESI^Y, MAY 7, 1901-
On a single; day last week 'over . 1400; v Americans
sailed from New York for; Europe,- and as all of them
are ; said to be members "of the wealthy class it is evi
dent the balance of trade account is going to_ be r re
duced pretty heavily before the summer is over.
In the reorganization and . cleaning-up ; process in
the Southern Pacific Company the gentle art of pass
ing the "buck" of responsibility is being practiced to
the satisfaction of the most exacting. Heads appear
to be dodging in all directions.- . . _¦ :
cials."
6
MAKING A NAME
For excellent laundry work is a point lone
since passed, by us. Ou-s is established
and our repntation for exceptional excel-
lence in work and care in handling should
prove f interesting: to youTn . aendlns out
your next laundry bundle. See that it
comes to us-and you'll be satisfied.
r%o saw edges. .
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
• Office 1064 Market Street,
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off loe^-54. San Pablo Aw-
' Call inbicrlberi contemplating: a change ot
Residence during: the summer months can har«
their paper forrrarded by mall to their new
Bidreiiei by notifying- The Call Baiineii Office.
Tfela paper -will also be on ' sale at all summer
STsort* and Is represented by a local a»ent la
all towns •& the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYDfG TOWN FOR THE SUHKER.
AUCTION SALES.
Auction Sale of Horses— At 11 o'clock, at J14& Folsom street.
By Bulltvan & Doyte — Wednesday, May 8, at 11 o'clock,
Horses, at 327 Sixth street.
By 'VV'm G. Layr.R— Tuesday, May 14, at 10 o'clock, Ger-
man Government Artillery Horses, at 721 Howard street.
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "The Octoroon."
Tlvoll— "The Idol's !£ye." ¦ . »
Orpheuro— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Sag Harbor."
Alcazar— "The Coflauerors."
Grand Opera-house— "Son of Napoleon."
California — "The Lottery of Love."
Olymirta, corner Mason and Eddy Etreets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
enlng.
Fischer* b— Vaudeville.
Sntro Baths— Svrimminr.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.TUESDAY, MAY 7.
Steamer Movements. .
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and thr successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to lime of
day; the third time column gives the last tid«
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
STiven by the charts. The plane of reference
la the mean of the lower low waters. '
TO SAIL.
* TO ARRIVE.
Captain Barneson Improving 1 .
Captain John Barneson of the army
transport service, who was thrown from
his buggy in the park last Saturday, is
no £ as «,V^ dIj L hurt as was at flrg t thought
and will be back at work again in a week
or ten days. His leg is not broken, but
nis ankle is badJy sprained, eo when he
Kupper eays the woman was 33 years
of age and that her right name was Miss
Annie Bouley. For six years they had
lived together as husband and wife and
were on tiuir way' to visit W. R. Stulz.
Eevecth sir»ot, Oakland, when the trag-
occurred. From Oakland they were
going to CIS Sixteenth street, Sacramento,
where they were to make their home. --.,-.
The crew of the Captain Weber think
that Mrs. Kupper was struck by the
steamer s wheel and was killed instantly.
In that event her body ,will not be re
covered until a week from now.
The body of Mrs. E. J. Kupper, the wo
man who jumped overboard from the
Stockton boat Saturday night, Is still in
the San Joaauin River. The man who
passed as her husband went back to
Bradford Landing on the Captain Weber
last night, and says he will remain there
until the body is recovered.
Jumped From the Captain Weber.
No Trace of Mrs. Kupper, Who
Nearly all these men died from gunshot
wounds, while dysentery carried off the
others.
HEB EODY NOT RECOVERED.
Michael Bowler, Frank D. Thompson, Cor
poral Charles Coojxt, Henry B. Shephard, El
mer Ingam, Captain itichard B. Paddock and
Charles Erickson. aJl of the Sixth Cavalry;
James H. Burke, Frank Clapin, Michael Mev
ins, Robert E. Walsh, James L. Hall, Am
brose Melauson, Sergeant John M. O'Connor,
6amuel Womack, Joseuh Knox, Morton Stal
xnaker, Eugene L. Lyon. David McDaniels,
Jake H. Ammerman, Walter Allen, James A.
Frick, John Knitter, William Harvey, Daniel
Reasoner, George Bell, Henry Kirkland. Henry
Murry, all of the Ninth Infantry; Paymaster's
Clerk John B. Rodger, Captain Davis, U. S.
Marine Corps; James tiayers, Stephenson,
John P. Suliivan, Peter II. Kelson, C. B. King,
Bergeant John Fanning, J. W, Tucker, J.
Kennedy, A. Turner, H. E. Thomas, Harry
Fisher, all of the Marine Corps; Russell T.
Elliott, James C. Wilbur, Alfred Power, George
C. Kaufman, Hugo C. Kraft, Edward B. Mitch
ell, Leon Smith, Joseph Lyons, Daniel W.
Eimpktns. all of the Fourteenth Infantry; Ira
F. Davidson, Charles S. Solomon, Frank Wood.
Edward J. Jennings, C. A. Britt, William
Owens, all of the quartermaster's department;
Captain Henry J. Reilly of the Fifth Artillery,
John H. King. Hospital Corps; Thomas S.
Karl coxswain. United States navy.
Beside* the there are aboard
John Kelly, John Connor, Joseph Kelly
and George Wilmot, imprisoned for of
fences committed while acting as clerks
in the quartermaster's department at
Taku, and Frank Lar.e, a deserter from
Company E, Ninth Infantry, arrested on
board. Lane <Md not want to remain any
longer in China, so he stowed himself
away, and was :iot discovered until the
Egbert was several days at sea.
The remains of the following soldiers
who died in China were brought home:
William F. Mitchell, Edward Carter, John
A. Murphy, Roy Shields. Samuel H. Harris.
Isaac Stevens, George W. Edwards, John
O'Brien, Jack A. J. Ford, John Farrell, Wil
liam F. Glispin, Harry C. Haag, Harry Tyler,
William Golden. Joseph King. William Rock.
John Lavery. George Stone, George W. Green.
John P. Cronin. William Collins. W. S. Bynam
and Curry of the Ninth .Infantry. Fred
Hamilton, Fred E. Hartman. Herbert R.
Bumpass. George W.'Vinton and Kemp M. Ar
nold of the Sixth Cavalry. Merit M. Simmons
of Company A. Fifteenth Infantry, Denis
Fplaine and John M. Vance of Battery F, Fifth
Artillery, Charles A. Wegner and Henry D.
Wilbur of the hospital corps.
THE army transport Egbert came
into port early yesterday morning
with the stars and stripes at half
mast and the yellow flag at the
fore. She brings home the remains
of the men who fell at the battle of Tien
tsin and a number of passengers and pris
oners.
Sunday last Private John Plug-ge died
of smallpox and was buried' at sea. The
vessel will be held in quarantine for three
days and then, after a thorough fumi
gating, will be allowed to land her cabin
passengers. Plugrge was one of the guard
ever the sixty-one prisoners aboard, so
the latter will have to remain In quaran
tine on the island for twelve days to come.
Two sick men aboard the transport are
Quartermaster Sergeant John H. Pleas
ants and a. prisoner named Harry Taylor.
These cases are being watched and any
body who has been in contact with tbem
•will be detained in quarantine.
There was another death on the Egbert
during the voyage. On April 20 Fred G.
Dwight, a teamster, died of Bright's dis
ease. His body was embalmed and
brought home.
Those who came home on the transport
Included enlisted men on temporary duty,
15; Hospital Corps, 3; enlisted men de
tached, 2; discharged soldiers, 13; pris
oners, 34; bodies, 61, and the following
csbin passengers:
Majors F. J. Ives and E. L. Swift, medical
department at Taku; First Lieutenants Herbert
A. White. Sixth Cavalry, and William K. Nay
lor. Ninth Infantry; Second Lieutenant E. G.
Smith, Seventetnth Infantry; Walter Marvine,
chaplain United States army, and Acting As
sistant Surgeon G. H. Calkins.
The following civilians also came on the
Egbert:
E. Barnett, E. V. Johnson, B. Blart, Mrs.
E. L. Swift and child (family of Major Swift),
G. J. Kavanaugh. Mrs. A, C. Girard (wife of
Lieutenant Colonel Girard), Mrs. R. L. Bush
and two children (family of Captain. Bush),
Mrs. H. W. Car-dwell and two children (fam
ily of Major Cardwell).
William Berger, M. Simmons. J. F. Dresser,
Charles R. Bryan, Morris W. Kellor. C. L.
Throckmorten. Hairy Rhodes. William Storey,
Stephen Miller, Peter Fredrickson. John Drex
ler, E. R. Jamerson, James Ryan, Frank
Adams, John F. Crowden. Grant Colwell, Wil
liam Shannon, F. P. Freeman, George Quinn,
J. I-\ Kessler and John Eickhorn.
George Leyland, C. P. Brown arid Mar
tin Owen were found in aMestitute condi
tion at Nagasaki and brought home. \
The following prisoners are aboard:
the height of tide Is the> same at both places.
does get about again it will be on
crutches.
Water Front Notes.
P. J. Neill mistook^a bottle of ammonia
for one of beer. He was treated at the
Harbor Hospital, but' the ammonia he
drank will keep him away from a beer
bottle for some weeks to come.
While the British ship Ladakh was be
ing discharged yesterday a sling broke
and twenty-flve bars of lead went over
board. As the stuff is worth $10 a .bar, a
diver was emploved to recover It.
Captain Bertram T. Clayton i has been
appointed quartermaster captain of the
Lawton, relieving Captain W. C. Cannon,
who will return to the Sherman.
Chartsrs.
The John G. North will load lumber at Port
Gamble for Honoipu; the Maweema, lumber
at Grays Harbor for Santa Rosalia.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, May 6.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17^4 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Xavarro, Jacobs, 11 hours from Bpwens
Landing.
Stmr Kewsboy, Ohlstrom. 15 hours from
Caspar. »
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Brarr.
Nor Btmr Horda, "Svendsen. 25 days from, Yo
kohama, via San Diego 60 hours.
Schr Sadie. 9 hours from San Pedro.
Schr W S Phelps, Noyes, 64 days from Gala
pagros Islands, via San Pedro 13 days. .
Schr Newark, Crangle, 14 hours from Stew
arts Point.
CLEARED.
Monday, May 6.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Xorth Fork. McLellan, Euraka; Chaa
Nelson.
Stmr Alitak. Rasmussen, Alltka; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Stmr Hawaiian. Banfield, Honolulu, via
Kahulul; Williams, DImond & Co.
Fr bark Commandant Marchand, Arnaud,
Queenstown; E C Kvans, agent.
Schr Czarina, Wallstedt, Unga; McCollam
Fishlnff and Trading Co.
SAILED.
Monday, May 6.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Towneend.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zoning; Tacoma.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, Bear Harbor.
Schr Czarina, Wallstedt, Unga.
Schr Falcon, Thomas, St Michael.
SPOKEN.
April 21, lat 38 41 N. Ion 18 34 W— Br ship
Port Patrick, hence Jan 6, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS. . •
Ger ship Roland, from Chemalnus, for Green
ock, returned to Royal Roads April 30 with
rudderhead carried away.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 6, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 16 miles per % hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. (¦
UMPQUA— Arrived May 2— Schrs- Lucy and
Louise, from San Pedro; schr Bsular, from
Klawack.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in May 6— Schr
Olga, hence April 23, for Tacoma.
Arrived May 6— Ship John C Potter, fro-a
Honolulu; bktn Retriever, from Caleta Buena.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 6— Stmr Dolphin,
from Skatniay; Btmr Czarina, hence May 3;
Btmr Mackinaw, iwnce May 2.
Sailed May 6— Stmr State of California, for
Skag^iay.
HONOLULU— Arrived April 27— Schr Ad
miral, from Newcastle, NSW.
Sailed April 26— Br bark City of Adelaide,
for .
PORT HADLOCK- Sailed May E — Stmr Rob
ert Dollar, for San Pedro. - \
Arrived May 6— Bktn Retriever, from Caleta
Buena.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 4— Schr Abbie,
hence April 17. •
TACOMA— Arrived May ft— Schr Olga, from
Honolulu.
Arrived May fr— Ship John C Potter, from
Honolulu; Btmr South Portland, hence April 30.
Sailed May fr— Ship Jabez Howes, for Hono
lulu.
EUREKA— Arrived May 6— Stmrs San Pedro,
South Coast and AJcatraz. hence April 15.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 4— Stmr. New
burg, for San Francisco. May 6— Schr Azela,
for San Diego; schr Wltzerman. for Hono
lulu.
ASTORIA— Sailed May ft-Br bark Port Car
lisle, for United Kingdom; schr Volunteer, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed May
5— Stmr Pleiades, from Philadelphia, for San
Francisco. • ¦• .
FOREIGN PORTS.
AUCKLAND— Arrived May 6— Stmr Ventura,
hence A^ril .18. > v , . '¦ ¦ .
RANTA ROSALIA— Arrived prior to April 18
— Br ship Tasmania, from Hamburg.
SINGAPORE— Arrived about April 30— Br
stmr Knight Companion, from Barry.
FALMOUTH— Sailed May 4— Fr bark Grande
Duchesse Oljra, for Fleetwood.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed May 4— Br ship
Australian, for San Francisco. .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 4— Jap stmr
America Maru, for San Francisco.
Arrived May '6— Ship St Frances, from New
Tork.
HAMBURG— Sailed April 5— Br bark Gwydyr
Castle, for Cardiff and Panama.
PANAMA— Arrived ' May &— Stmr Leelanaw,
hence April 20. - • -.
SYDNKY— Arrived May 4— Br stmr Royalist,
from Lylleton.
Palled May 6-Ship Cervla. for San Fran
cslco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 6— Stmr Ive'rnla,
from Boston.
. GLASGOW— Sailed May 6-Stmr Sarmatian,
for Montreal; stmr State of Nebraska. > for New
York. • . . . • . - ¦ ¦ ¦ .
GIBRALTAR-Sailed May 6-Stmr Hohenzol
lern, from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
Arrived May 6— Stmr Aller, from New York,
for Naples and Genoa, and proceeded
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailed May 6-Stmr Kai
serln Maria Theresa, for New York, via Cher
bourg.
G^^ironf^ew-^oTk. WHhelm der
CHERBOURG-Sailed May 6-Stmr Kaiserin
Maria Theresa, from Bremen and Southamp
ton, for New York. -
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
'Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
NOTE- The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlsslon-slreet wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point •
TRAKSPOET EGBERT. THAT ARRIVDD FROM TAKU, CHINA, YESTERDAY. SHE BRINGS THE REMAINS OF
THE MEN WHO FELL. AT TIENTSIN. THE VESSEL WAS QUARANTINED BECAUSE OF A DEATH FROM
SMALLPOX ON BOARD LAST SUNDAY.
Patient Dies Last Sunday and Is Buried at Sea and Vessel Is Sent to
Quarantine—Brings Remains of Men Who Fell at Tientsin.
TRANSPORT EGBERT ARRIVES OFF
PORT WITH SMALLPOX ON BOARD
THE /SAN ';FBJ^CISCO;CALL,;;TtESI)AY^:MA^ v7^ 1901;
7
Sun rises 5-07
Sun sets ; » 7^5
Moon rises ....: 10:'32pl in.
Time I Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H W L W H W L W
7 0:35-5.3 7:4S t-0.1 3:15 4.5 7:27 3.2
8 ... 1:15 5.1 8:30 0.0 4:00 4.6 8:2S 3.2
9 ... 2:05 5.0 ,9:16 0.1 4:47 4.8 9:41 3 2
10 ... 3:10 4.8 10:12 0:4 5:34 4.9 11:00 2.8
H ... 4:28 4.5 11:09 0.6 6:17 5.1 ...:
IL. W| . H W L, W H W
12 ... 0:09 2.3 5:51 4.4 12:06 0.9 7:00 5.4
13 ... • 1:10 1.6 7:10 4.4 1:04 1.2 7:40 5.6
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.l Pier.
May T.
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier :
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier U
Hawaiian Honolulu 7 am Pier 1(
1 May 8. "
Santa Barb... Hnmboldt 2 pm Pier :
Rival Willapa Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier S
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2i
San 'Jose Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
Queen San Diego ;... 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coqullle River 4 pm Pier ij
May 9.
Acme.. Siuslaw River 12 m Pier lc
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier ;
May 1OT
Corona .Newport 9 am Pier 11
May 11. .
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What 2 pm Pier 5
Peru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier £
Argyll N: Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 34
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
May 12.
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
May 13.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Adato Tacoma :
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports
Rainier Seattle
Acme Siuslaw River .".
Titanla Nanalmo
Santa Barbara. San Pedro
Roanoke........ N. T. via Panama.....
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Corona Newport
Hyadea Seattle
Kvarven.. ...... Comox ,
San Pedro Humboldt' :
Eureka Humboldt
Newport........ Panama & Way. Ports.
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma
Arcata.. Coos Bay
Santa Rosa San Diego...;....
Point Arena Point Arena
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
San Bias Champerico
Coptic China and Japan
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.:..
Pomona....* Humboldt ...:...
Mattewan...... Tacoma
Kambyses .. Hamburg &.Way Ports
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports..
Mackinaw Seattle
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay...
Queen Ban Diego
North Fork. Humboldt
May 7
May' 7
May 7
May 7
May 8
May 8
May g
May 8
May 8
May 8
May 9
May 9
May 9
May, 9
May 9
May 9
May fl
May 9
May 9
May 10
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 12
fMay 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 13
Sun rises 5-07
Sun sets ; » 7^5
Moon rises ....: 10:'32pl in.
Time I Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H W L W H W L W
7 0:35-5.3 7:4S t-0.1 3:15 4.5 7:27 3.2
8 ... 1:15 5.1 8:30 0.0 4:00 4.6 8:2S 3.2
9 ... 2:05 5.0 ,9:16 0.1 4:47 4.8 9:41 3 2
10 ... 3:10 4.8 10:12 0:4 5:34 4.9 11:00 2.8
H ... 4:28 4.5 11:09 0.6 6:17 5.1 ...:
IL. W| . H W L, W H W
12 ... 0:09 2.3 5:51 4.4 12:06 0.9 7:00 5.4
13 ... • 1:10 1.6 7:10 4.4 1:04 1.2 7:40 5.6
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.l Pier.
May T.
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier :
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier U
Hawaiian Honolulu 7 am Pier 1(
1 May 8. "
Santa Barb... Hnmboldt 2 pm Pier :
Rival Willapa Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier S
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2i
San 'Jose Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
Queen San Diego ;... 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coqullle River 4 pm Pier ij
May 9.
Acme.. Siuslaw River 12 m Pier lc
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier ;
May 1OT
Corona .Newport 9 am Pier 11
May 11. .
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What 2 pm Pier 5
Peru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier £
Argyll N: Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 34
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
May 12.
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
May 13.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Adato Tacoma :
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports
Rainier Seattle
Acme Siuslaw River .".
Titanla Nanalmo
Santa Barbara. San Pedro
Roanoke........ N. T. via Panama.....
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Corona Newport
Hyadea Seattle
Kvarven.. ...... Comox ,
San Pedro Humboldt' :
Eureka Humboldt
Newport........ Panama & Way. Ports.
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma
Arcata.. Coos Bay
Santa Rosa San Diego...;....
Point Arena Point Arena
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
San Bias Champerico
Coptic China and Japan
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.:..
Pomona....* Humboldt ...:...
Mattewan...... Tacoma
Kambyses .. Hamburg &.Way Ports
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports..
Mackinaw Seattle
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay...
Queen Ban Diego
North Fork. Humboldt
May 7
May' 7
May 7
May 7
May 8
May 8
May g
May 8
May 8
May 8
May 9
May 9
May 9
May, 9
May 9
May 9
May fl
May 9
May 9
May 10
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 12
fMay 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 13
If you want to
know to
go this Summer
Whether to a .mineral spring resort,
where you can get the benefit of medi-
¦ clnal waters, or to a farm, where you
¦ can enjoy the comfort and 'quiet home
life. of the farmer, or to a picturesque
town, from which you can,' in a short
walk or drive, commune with nature in
her valleys, foothills and mountain
canyons, or to a camp along the bank
of some shady stream,
Call or write for .
"VACATION 19OI"
This Is a little .book just issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and is prof usely' illustrated. It gives
camping locations, 1 "hotels and mineral
spring resorts in Marin, Sonoma, Mendo-
cinoand Lake counties. Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during- the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
week.
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburo'n Ferry. General
officje, Mutual .Life .building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
I •- ¦,.'"¦
• t R. X. RYAN.
General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING, General Manager.
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto, 1400 feet, up in the coast range,
overlooking the bread Salinas Valley; free
from fog and winds; .pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature; seven miles" stage from
Soledad; hot and cold soda and sulphur baths:
tub and plunge: special bathhouses for ladles;
massage treatment; cement swimming tank,
30x60; hunting and fishing; # all popular games;
hotel, cottages and ground* Illuminated by gas;
telephone and P. O. ; round-triD ticket $8. j C.
T. ROMIE, prop.; J. ¦' O. VALPEY, manager.
\ .,.NAPA,.; Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS Ca! »
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.'
For further Information address -
. . .- i . A. DOLLMAN.V. | Proprietor.
HOTEL GENEVA,
AND COTTAGES,
S AUS ALITO. '¦ vOnly 30 minutes from the city;
most beautiful location and marine view: an
unexcelled summer and winter resort; ¦ table
and service of the best. >.
W. G. GRAHAM.
¦ Late of Hotel Mateo. Manager.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN" LAKE
County to spend a vacation. • Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
tnd boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
EL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort; climate unsur-
passed; most ¦* beautiful . spot in Santa Clara
County: great relief for people with asthma;
65 miles from - S. F. ; fare $1 65; free 'bus.
JOHN NEVILL, proprietor, Los Gatos.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two. miles from Hopland ;¦ best - medicinal'
waters In the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and" $12; housekeeping cottages.
O." HOWELL, Hopland, Mendoclno Co.. Cal. ..
ikracvH a'N.nYs be r* g.'
Under entire new management and ¦ owner-
ship. Family | Resort i in the Napa Redwoods.'
Exhilarating air; hunting, fishing, swimming
and boating: terms reasonable; send for circu-
lars.* THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR., Propri-
etor, Oakvllle. Napa County. . . ¦ ;;" .
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS.
Formerly Agua Callente Springs.. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 46 miles via C. NW. Ry.
or S. P. ¦ R. R. Immense swimming tank.'
Splendid, table. Come Sundays, try It Round
trip, $1 10. Telephone. •" Rates, $12 and $14.
COOPER & SHEDDEN. Agua Callente. Cal.
X HOTEL'MOUNT VIEW ;
Changed hands. Will hereafter be open the
year round. ' Bus meets 11" o'clock train from
city at present. The culinary department will
receive specall attention, i • For rates and I par-
ticulars address HOTEL 1I-UNT VIEW.; Ross
Valley. MarlnCo. Cal. ,-•' ¦-¦ : ." -.'-:,'
riMDTiVfnD Cottages,' camping, fishing,
vAlUI 1 A I LUtt amusements. . Ideal ~ place
for- summer : outing; 29 miles from S.F.;
among the redwoods.' H. Q. MARTIN, propr.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooking;.
17 i per . week and ¦ upwards. ¦ F. and A. • M.
SCALES, Lakeport, Lake , County. . Cal. ; .
; THE OAKS.
ON BRANCIFORTE DRIVE— 50 minutes to
beach; mall daily by carrier; private board-
Ing. Particlars Mrs. Czarina Smith, Sta, j Cruz.
¦ HO IFORTHB GEYSERS^
- Via C. C. FossV' Stage .Line from' Callstoga;
The scenic route. Livery. in' connection. C. C.
FOSS, Proprietor, Calistoga, * Cal. : .
r - / '., 'VICHYX SPRINGS,
'The only, place ¦ in . the ¦ United States where
Vichy i Water ; is abundant. .- The only- natural
Electric Waters: Chatapaene Baths; ; Springs
Numerous;, Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. ¦¦-¦-] J.~ A. REDEMEYER . & CO. . "
: •' ~ ' ' ;: . . ':¦. ¦¦¦ Proprietors.
—r — , -,.... — ~ — T^ . .' . . — : — : — :
MOUNTAIN ivVIEW RANCH. •• : near . Santa
' Cruz, , in ' heart of ¦ the mountains; i among,
the ' redwoods: " first-class ; nccom. ; very reason-
abla terms ; telephone, • swimming < tank, '• croquet
and 'amusements; -. ; dally '- mall : : new :, Improve- ;
ments; our well-known- table is our recommen-
dation, f Round trip campers to Glenwood,^ incl. ¦'
stage. ; $3 75. Frank ; R. . Dann. I Santa Cruz. _\
PLANTATION. HOUSE^-Eighteen miles from
. Cazadero,: on stage l'.ne. Good trout fishing,";
plenty, fruit, , cream, ¦ milk ; • free conveyance .' ror
parties of 2 or .; more; ; grapd : redwood? scenery.'
Address J. Luttringer,' Sea view,* Sonoma; Co.'," or
apply Mr."; Kruse, 207 Front St., for | particulars. I
( if i i [i i i* 'i ' Ti i»r ill i*i' ii ¦in P ' li * i in i i ill ¦ ill fiilirt i* J M-rtm— ¦ ¦ — ¦» i f *
CAMP REVERIE 4
' RUSSIAN rJveTrEDWOODS,
"In AH California
. No Place Like This."
An(~)uting
On a New Plan;
On June 3, this year, CAMP REVERIE will
be opened in a redwood grove on the Guerne-
vllle branch of the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Guerne-
vllle.
Handsome booklets with full details have been
laft in Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room SI,' Flood building, San
Francisco. Office hours 12 to 4 p. m.. Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
SANTA CATALIN A ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride Friom Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.''
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
' The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL. METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLTJB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel' rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to (
E. C. PECK. Agent,
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO.,
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles. Cal.
CAZADERO £J5H
miles northwest of San Francisco. Hotels, cot-
tages and camp grounds offer accommoda-
tions to suit all. Everything needed by camp-
ers supplied at reasonable prices. Fine trout
fishing, beautiful scenery, drives, bathing. An
Ideal resort. Elim Grove Hotel, under same
management, on the banks of Austin Creek,
a mile from Cazadero; a most picturesque
spot.-. For particulars write The Cazadero Co.,
Cazadero, Cal. City office 749 Market st.
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
SKAGOS HOT SPRINGS g£23^«?2S2;
from San Francisco; ¦ but 9 miles* staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath in State; swimming- and Doating;
sood trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; first-class hotel and stag?
. service; morning and afternoon -stasis; round
trip from San Francisco only- $3 50. Take Tlb-
uron ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:3') p.- m. ,Terms.
$2 a day or $12 a week. I References— Any guest
of the past six years. 1 For - further Informa-
toln address J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs, Cal.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusement; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
91S Laikin St., S. F. DRURY & KROEGER.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco' $32. Round trip- from , Stockton $27.
Staging 2^4 hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Yosemite Valley 5 : p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent, 630 Market st., opposite Palace
Hotel, g. F.; tel. Black 3571.
~™™"™"™"" THE . NEW BUILDINGS AND
HniTT'5 Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
nun i o Scnool w , n be open t0 Bmnmer
MFNLO guests during June and July.
• Superior climate. excellent
PARK. table; reasonable ; prices. Ad-
*-»" IRA G. HOITT.
LAUREL RAtfcH RESORT
! 5 miles from station: ..beautiful- view; moun-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing in - moun-
tain : streams: short' distance from Geyser*;
daily mall; $7 per week. <• Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK, Geyservllle, Sonoma Co.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANYON. IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nics or campers. Further information ad-
dress WM. "•- H. MENTON. ' Excursion Pass.
Agent ¦ S. P. Co.. 813 Market street.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE ' MOUNT AIN3 OF MENDO-
cino. Visit this quiet llttls resort for
tfilld comfort.' 'For- "particulars apply to S.
STRATTON. 3 .Eighth street. City. - '. -. ' : ."
THE GEYSERS;!-^
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATTT-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing, hunt-
: ing and • livery.- Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER.'. manager. -
WIT I AW I? A NCH f ormer . proprietor " W.*
TTlLLUn. nAnbll Crandell— A summer home
In ¦ the redwoods, 5 - miles f from Santa - Cruz;
running water, • swimming, croquet.' abundance
of. fruit, home cooking: -table speaks for Itself.
For particulars. TULEY & ILIT 13 ". Santa Crua.-
CLEJVBROOK,
Just the place to enjoy your vacation. ..Various
amusements. Plenty large & smal game. Table
& beds unsurpassed. Rates only $S & $10. Infor-
mation at Traveler office. 20 Montgomery st;
or address O. W. R. TREDWAY. Proprietor.
Glenbrook. Lake County. -Cat." '-.. •
WHITE COTTAGES .^°\^^-.
Altitude 2000 feet. Write for circulars.' MRS.'
J. H. GOETSCHE. 5 . Angwin i P. O.. CaL
jll|;ip||ci|
I Upholstery Gomjjaay,
I ; ] NINTH AND MARKET StS.,
Have quite a line of SHORT LENGTHS
"\ qf UPHOLSTERY GOODS which- will v
r'jbe'eold at reduced rates. -'
,'¦';: An opportunity to procure Pillow and ,
'Cushion Covers for. your summer home.*
Napa County,
Ca!.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap. »
1 Pure soapis as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
All sorts of people use ft, all sorts of stores
sell it, esoeciallv druegists.
I HOtEL^
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headauartera at these hotels en-"
Joy. comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and-European plans,
«»grand"hotel«.
. AMUSEMENTS.
Belle Wilton. Evans, 'Devees and Evans
Batnella, Murdock and DeCamp, ¦ G. S. • Wan-
rell. . Maybelle Bowman and the Golden West
Trio. ¦;•¦¦•• {'" . ¦ ¦ ' -.•:• "' / ¦ • . •¦,!
Reserved Seats, 25c. .. Matinee Sunday.
' SUTRO BATHS
Ul/ILL. OPEN NIGHTS
ON. AND AFTER " .,
SATURDAY, MAY U, 1901}
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' staging
To the prettiest,* healthiest, most restful plac*
in all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, 112, lit,
{IS and $16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery st., an<3 see photographs of
hoteT and surroundings. We take pleasure In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG *
WARNER.
DR C. C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
eort on the Coast. The greatest remedy fov
' lung: disease. liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the w?rld; 44
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers:
30 cottaees and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no toga nor poison oak at the park; mineral
waft, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. O"DONNELL. office 1021% Market, bet.
8th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to i?o.
I" I T"IS"NEVER""TOO~LATE"TO~ENJOY~ I
¦ good health and pleasure at the cozy I
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS, Prop.. Bachelor P. O. I
Laka County: City Offlpo. 41S Pine st. t
SUMMER HOME FARM,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort: main hotel and cottajres;
hunting: and fishing:: artificial lake for boating
and swimming: longr-dlstance telephone: camp-
I ers' return tickets, $2 50; open the year round. ¦
Send for circulars.
J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. CaL
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR ' JL
few guests; mountain scenery; pure l»ir.
tS per wk. H. B. LAWLEY. Callstoga. Cal.
¦
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleas-
ure, fishing, hunting and swimming; good
table; guests at home; never fall to come back
again: send for souvenir. VIC PONCELET,
Llagas. .,-j} -
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO. Cal.". Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
II per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. lessee.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room,
$7 a week: camping privileges, $1 50 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK, St. Helena.
LAKE COUNTY.— New . 13-passenger Yosemit*
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Calistoga
' dally (Sundays exceptcd) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin. Seigler, Adams, Howard, Ander-
son, Astorgrs and Glenbrook: buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Calistoga;
also to Mlddletown. Lower Lake, Kelseyvilla
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS, Proprietor.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS opens May 13.
Spring? remodeled; new cottages, dance hall,
laundry, piano, billiard and pool tables, cro- ,
quet and other games. Terms, $7 per week.
Round trip ticket from city by steamer Point
Arena, $7. New management. DR. "W. A.
McCORMICK.
OWN a home In beautiful CAMP MEEKER:
buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker. $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free;
sawmill, depot, store, postofflce at I camp;
board and lodging $6; take Sansalito ferry. W
round-trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H.
j M. GREGSON, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
BROOKSIDE— At head of Napa Valley. Free
carriage, hot and cold water, gas, baths,
springs, rooms and beard unsurpassed. Write 1
for pamphlet. G. W. CTJTLER. Calistoga. Cal.
-FOR SALE in Ben Lomond— Modern cottage, 8
rooms, bath, city water; acre wooded land;
furnished. Inquire 140 Guerrero or MRS. W.
WHITNEY. Berkeley. _• .
.MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL— Accommodation*
for few guests: mountain scenery, pure air;
$7 per week. F. McNULTY, Calistoga. Cal.
LA GUN A FARM— 1% miles from Mt. Olivet
station; boating, fishing, bathing; {S per week.
MRS. R. BAIXARD, Mt. Olivet. Sonoma Co.
GILROY FASHION STABLES— Also stase line
to hot springs; first-class turnouts. MAYOCK
- & HOOPER, proprietors. • ¦»¦.-•
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PI3 IROX
I r \UI\ftN £ f ft 9°° Battery Street.
J- U H JlOUil Ii WU-. Telephone Main 1864.
— : — ; : : :
COPPERSMITH. -
r W CMTTH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
C« IT* 3 till 1 11, Ship Work a specialty. 18 and
18 Washington st. Telephone Main £641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & Cfr. gjJCT.f ffifW*
. . OILS. •
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS.
418 Front st., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTINQ. "
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUTJD CO., .
_2 23 First Street. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
tOSCamonua pAgTRIDGE 0
lik. WALL'S RfcltNYlGORATORWgaw
Five hundred reward for any ftAjft'Tjea
case we cannot cure. This .secret &*»
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, 3 __H
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- J35B
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet, Fits. jW >f*?M
Strictures, Lost Manhood and all lUij liiv-J
wasting effects of self-abuse or ffiSj WBH
excesses. Sent sealed. ?2 bottle; 3 Ea&£J3D&£i
bottles, $>:' guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 85i
Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also for sale at 1073',
Market st-.S.' F. All private diseases quickly
cured.; Send for free book.
?.•^rtP^^vSi^. m Big « is a non-poisonoo*
*CjiR7<9iAw* ri ' Hfrfc.VB rsmedj for Gonorrhce.-v,
iffiSgBPcCKE^'CSi Gleet, Spermafi-rhCLO.
/Jk^T in 1 to5d»j».\3! White*, unnatural di.i-
ffJSw Owumi w chargt . or any intlainma-
• B*H>JI not ta itrietaK. tion. i ritation or ulccrs-
j^ T|?rtTtnu eonutioa. tion -f in n co n s mem-
gTSlTKiEvAM3 CheMIOlCo. branea. Xon-astringenu
fc«|keiNCmHH!.0.1g3n Sold by JOrncEiato,
»m^\ n «.' » •¦- THr or aent in plain wrappet,
)Hgk \JE&K by eipress, prepaid. fo»
$1.00. or 3 bottles, f2.73.
*»^5B|5P|^ B „ ailar sent on reqaocj.
Weak Men and Women
f 42 HOULD USE D AMI AN A 'BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; " givea health - and
strength to , sexual organs. . Depot. 323 Market.
Weekly tJall,$1.00 per Year
At
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.' ,'^
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
.ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. . Thsy
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY,
MR. JAMBS NEILL
AND THE NEILL COMPANY^ •
Presenting Augustin Daly's Laughing Comedy
"THE LOTTERY OF LOVE"
SPECIAL ?™^ n av mat ? nees EVEK 5
Jl LV PRICES.... ....:... 25c and 50c
EVENINGS ...25c, 35c. 50c, 73c, J1.00
SATURDAY MATINEE 25c. 50c, ,75c
Next— Sunday, May 12, to greet the nation's
President, "BARBARA FRIETCHIE." Seats
ready Thursday. ¦ •
$. • — - "T i —
Every Night (Including Sunday). Matinee
Saturday.
e ¦ FIRST TIME HERE.
3. ' Direct From Its Triumphs in the East.
- JAMES A. HERNE'S Latest Comedy and
•Greatest Success.
2
8 A STORY OF HEART AND HOME. ' .
• THE PLAY OF THE GENERATION.
• 7~ I
« GET WISE AND SECURE SEATS QUICK.
d ....LAST SBVBN NIGHTS....
£1
n Of the Merriest Show in Town,
e THE
1 MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
—NEXT WEEK — '¦ —
1 FRIENDS.
0 ¦ - • • =• \-- ~ "
1 GRAND' OPEP?A.HOUS£
\ MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY. ALL'
1 ¦ ¦ OF THIS WEEK
i Grand Scenic Production of a Romantic His-
| • torical Plar.
1 SON OF
1 NAF*OL,EON.
9 FLORENCE STONE as the DUKE DE
4 . : REICHSTADT.
I JACK WEBSTER as MICHEL LAMBERT.
s PRICES — 10c, . 15c, 25c, 50c. ' A ' few Seats 75c
i Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturday and
Sunday Matinees, 25 cents,
i Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
j M." O tHtmt enr mau
| . TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK,
j- . Matinee Saturday and Sunday..
i TTI-IFT MAGNIFICENT
\ i-|| |> REVIVAL OF
iOGTOROON!
• The Big Production of the Season. ' •
! Plantation Scenes and Melodies, Buck and. Wing
j ¦. Dancing, Colored Choruses, Etc.
PDirCC EVENINGS 10c,, I5c, 25c, 35c, 60c
J infCC3 MATINEES.... 10c, 15c, 25c
L Next Weelc— TERRY McGOVERN in his Great
i Success, "The Bowery After Dark." ¦
¦
; , Evenings at S. Matinee Saturday at 2.
I LAST -WEEK! -LAST. WEEK!
: DON'T FAIL TO SEE THE GLORIOUS /;
"HOOT /VIOiv."
"TBE TOYMAKER" Monday, May 13th.
- , ¦ \ •; % \ Flrst'Time in This City. . ;
POPULAR PRICES........ ........ ....25c and BOo
. . Telephone— Bush 9. . : - \ . v
ANOTHER GREAT BILL!
THE FOUR HUNTINGS, ZEB AND ZARROW,
i . : ".--. PATTERSON .BROTHERS. :¦¦¦¦,
INGHAM, ' BARNES ; AND :. SISSON, ALF
. .¦ GRANT, THE. BIOGRAPH.- 1
And Two of the. World's Most Popular. At-' -
I . • . tractions, • / ;
THE AGOUST FAMILY and
: McINTYRB AND HEATH.
Reserved Seats, 25 cents;^-Balcony, "10, cents;
Opera chairs and Box Seats, 50 cents, v- .
, Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. ¦
RACING I o RACING I RACING;!
. SPRING MEETING— Opening April 29. .
CALIFORNIA JOCKEV CLU ii.
OAKLAND RACETRACKS
Racing Monday,^ Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and : Saturday. Rain or shine, y '
' Five or more races . each day. :
v Races- start at: 2:15 p.' ra. sharp. \_' , *.'¦•
' Ferry-boats . leave • San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, l,.l:30,r2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with . trains , stopping at . the < entrance .. to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved - for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. v; Euy your
ferry ' tickets to ; Shell . Mound.' , "All trains via'
Oakland, moles connect' with San Pablo avenue
electric | cars at Seventh i and . Broadway, | Oak-
land. ; Also all I trains , via Alameda * mole i con-
nect with. San Pablo avenue cars: at Fourteenth
and Broadway. ' Oakland. ¦ These , electric cars
go direct to the track \in 'fifteen minutes. '<
-Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p.'m. and immediately after the last race.
' ' v THOMAS H. ' WILLIAMS JR.; President.
¦R.iB. i MILROY, Secretary. ;¦;: ¦ -,•., -New York Stock Market.
m
NEW YORK, May 6.— The interrupted specu
lative advance was renewed to-day with great
violence, the speculative. holders of 6tocks^ap
parently having been entirely reassured by the
check to the reaction which was achieved on
Saturday. The urgent telling which was in
evidence Friday. afternoon not only on the part
cf forced sellers whose loans had" been called
or whose margins had .. been wiped'iout, but
cf those who feared that they would be, was
entirely lacking this' morning. Those who still
had their Ftocks held them" with determination;
while those who bad come to grief seemed to
be returning In vast hordes to make good their
losses, reinforced by <tn increasing tide of new
fcpeculators. Apparently the speculative public
was .convinced that Friday's sharp reaction
was nothing more than a manipulative dip,
designed to shake off weak holdings, which
ere a menace to an advance and to afford
great railroad capitalists opportunity to con
tinue their buying for control to better ad
vantage and at less expense. There was no
eisn of timidity lest th« fame experience should
again overcome the weaker class of holders,
end the Wall-street- oistrict gave -ample -evl
cience that that- class of speculators was again
taking an active interest In the market. . The
effect of Saturday's market seemed to have
had time over the intervening Sunday to gain
great force and as a result there was a Heavy
congestion of urgent tiuying orders to be ex
ecuted at the opening. London prices before
the opening here indicated that large buying
orders in the American department . had been
executed there for London account bfore our
opening and there was reported- from London
increasing excitement on the part, of the Eng
lish speculators themselves over the American
booms. Large numbers of brokers found them
telves eagerly bidding against each other when
the chairman's hammer fell on the New York
Stock Exchange. « The result was J a volatile
epurt of prices which has scarcely been equaled |
in any opening during the present boom. -This
upward spurt of. prices proved in many cases
to be the highest of the day, although there
were constant recoveries and " reactions in. the
general list all day. Opening sales . were -of.
from 1000, to 23.000 share* in separate stocks' at"
extreme 'advances' of 4*4 points and^at prices
in gome instances varying as .much, as 2 points
on simultaneous sales. The grangers. Pacifies,'
Trunk lines and Southweetcrns proved to be
the most active stocks. - There was a continued
dearth, of. -news to., account for the strength of
th* market in general and'Northern Pacific in
I<articulcr. ¦ Consolidation . was • the magic word
to influence the tradlnc" -Ther« ¦ was -even .a.
v,-ild rumor that all the great railroad Interests
wboM mipposed contest for control have caused
the recent -violent movements, in prices .bad'
come to a compromise and were .about to'con
eolidate' all the ¦ principal railroad systems of
the whole conntry.- This narrowed ;-down some
what " to more ' epedflc , reports of progress . in
the Southwestern" merger, and' of farther ' steps
toward the adjustment of , relations in • the
Northwestern . railroad deals. . The - last named
ru mnr was the ' onl y • thl ng . to , account j for . the
rPiisational— aiwement--4Tr-rNorthern Pacific,
•which in its range of suddenness exceeded that
of anv of :tiis individual stocks vrhich - have
been slrgica cut; at different times. recently; as
centers at attention.- -Northern. Pacific made
an extreme" advance of 23 points 'with no very
important reaction on the- way. . Long strings
of one thon*and'to eix thousand share blocks
¦were recorded, -"but the successive price changes
did not exceed -% of a. point-after. tne -openlnss
when, the 'second sale :.was; made at a'jump:ol
EASTERN MARKETS.
¦
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days. — $4 S3
Sterling Exchange, sight. — - 4 83
Sterling Cables .....:...... a..... — . i M )
New York Exchange, sight.... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 15
Silver, per ounce — ¦ -69%
Mexican - Dollars; nominal 49% @ 50
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEATyHSverpool was weak and Paris
firm. , \ ' ¦ . ¦ , : '.,
' Chicago was dull and there was liquidation
all 'day; ' The American visible supply .de
creased l.fOOTOOO bushels.' The world's , ship
ments for -the week were 8,650.000 -bushels,
against 7.034.0CO for the previous week. -
, This market was weaker on .call, though there
was no change on the spot. • •
Spot Wheat— Shipping, tt@101»4; milling,
WraiC6 *6ALL BOARD SALES. £H
Informal Sessl on— 9 : 15 o' clock— December—
4000 ctls. 1 $104%: 34.CC0.J1 04%.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, $1 04%. -
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000
C Afternoon' Session— December— 6000 ctls, Jl 04%.
May— 8000. 99%c. • 1 ¦ . _
BARLEY Futures were weak and dull." The
spot market was steadily held, but very quiet,
buyers holding, off. i . ; '*'¦" „ . '
Feed 80c for No.:.l and 77%c for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades, 82%@S7%c; Chev
alier," nominal.. .-->,'
V.,- . CALL -BOARD SALES. .- r
" Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
• Second " Session— No, sales.
Regular ; Morning ¦*' Session— December— 12,000
° Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls, 72%o.
OATS— The market continues ..very, firm at
unchanged ; quotations. I .TWhite, t $1 37%^! 50;
Surprise/nominal; Red,. $1 32%@1 45; Black,
$1 17%#1 27% per ctl. '¦..* • ¦--'"; - {>'.
¦ CORN— Arrfval : of 1000 ctls from the East,
quoted at $1 27%<31 30 -. f or yellow, $1 35 for
white and. $1 25@1 27% for mixed, with sales
at these figures. .
RYE— S05i82%c per ctl. V,
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse. " "; . • . '~'---i*~*2 '''£¦>.-¦
Flour and , Millstuffs. ¦-
Oat products are higher. . . ' . .
. FLOUR— California Family, Extras, $3 25@3 50,
usual terms; Bakers' - Extras, ?3 15@3 36;- Ore
gon, $2 50(g2 75 per barrel for. family and $2,750
3 for bakers': Washington takers;.^ 75@3.'?
• ' MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks /are as '"fol
lows usual discount to the trade: "Graham
Flour, : n per .100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, %% 60; Rice Flour., $7: Corn M«al. J2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 75; Hom
iny, $3 50@3 75; 1 Buckwheat ¦; Flour, T$4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat,: $3 50: : Farina. »4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), <?6 35
©T 85; in sacks. ' $6@7 50; Pearl . Barley, ?5;
Split Peas, ?5; Green Peas, ?6 E0 per.lOQ lbs. -,
5 . Hay and Feedstuff s. '
Hay continues steady, under '- moderate re
ceipts. Feedstuffs.sh6w.no further, change.
BRAN— $16.50@17 per ton. -
: MIDDLINGS— »16 50@19 50 per ton. ' ." ": .
' FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. ¦ ;J17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal ; at tne mill > $25026; • Jobbing.
$26 50: Cocoanut Cake, $17(318 :. Corn /-Meal.
$27 50@28; Cracked Corn. ?28 30@23; Mixed Feed.'
$15(&il6. •¦- ¦ ¦-/¦ .'¦• - ' v • :- .•..-..
1 .¦ HA Y— Volunteer, $5@S: Wheat. $11013: -"Wheat
and Oat $9@12; Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $8@9 50: Barley, 87 50@9 50 per ton. ...
STRAW— 33@47%c per bale. ;
Beans and Seeds. ¦
"_'¦ The • market > shows . no change whatever.
Limas and whites continue firm, with 'light
Stocks. - . .'.. '¦ .¦.:.-. : ¦ ,"•' rtv. :-¦¦'•' '¦' - /'¦¦'¦ '••
. . BEANS— Bayos,' $2 50@2 70; Small White, $4 85;
@5; VLarge 'White. ; J4®4 20;;, '. Pink? : : $1 60@l 85;
Red." $3@3 25; iBlackeye, • $2 75@3; ; Llmas, $6 2a
@6 50; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 50 per ctL
¦ SEEDS— Brown --nominal ;; Yellow
Mustard, nominal;. Flax. %2 50@3; Canary,": 3%@
3%c for - Eastern; -Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 2@
2%c: Hemp." 3%c; Timothy. 6%c. '--- , '» J -
' DRIED «PEA8 T -Niles,»?2@2 50; Green,. $2 70©
3 per . ctl ; Blackeye, . nominal. {¦]¦
Potatoes, Onions : and Vegetables.
¦There is no. further, change in ... Potatoes,
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
53; minimum, 46; mean, 51. -
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST,
The pressure has fallen steadily over the en
tlt* northwestern portion of the country. A
moderate disturbance exists over Idaho and
Eastern Oregon. A thunder storm is reported
at Baker City. Light ehowers have occurred
at Los Angeles and San Diego.
Warm weather prevails in Arizona and in
the great valleys of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, May 7. 1901:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday in the in
terior; cloudy on the coast; continued warm
weather; southerly winds Inland; fresh west
erly winds with fog on the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday; light
southwest winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday; continued warm;
light west wind.
Utah — Cloudy Tuesday; fresh southeast wind.
Arizona — Cloudy Tuesday; continued warm;
light northerly winds. ; .
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday;
fresh westerly winds with fog.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. May 6.— FLOUR— Receipts, 26,
076 barrels; exports, 2S.745 barrels. Moderately
active.
WHEAT— Receipts, " 146,500 bushels; exports.
238,724 bushels. Spot, quiet; No. 2 red," 84%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 82%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S3Uc f. o. b. afloat; No." 1
hard Duluth, 81c; Duluth. 92%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened steady but quickly turned weak
under bearish cables, large receipts and liqui
dation. Closed irregular, %(3i%c net advance.
May, 81%@81%c: closed. 81 3 ic; July. 78 1-16®
78%c; closed, 78%c; September. 7614@76 13-16c;
closed, 76%c. . '
HOPS— Quiet. . ¦ • : '..-
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot/Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6Uc
Mild, quiet: Cordova. 8Vi@12%c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4 9-32d. Molasses . sugar. 3%c.'
Refined, firm. Futures closed steady, > 5
points lower. Total sales were 11,500 bags.
May, 5.25c; September, 5.55c; December, . 5.75c;
January. 5.-S0c. . ¦ »'¦ ¦
BUTTER— Receipts. 7223. packages/Strong
but unchanged. Creamery, 15@19c; factory, 11
@ue. • "¦..'¦" : '
EGGS— Receipts, 14,454 packages. Firm.
Western regular packing, ,13@13%c; storage
Western. 14c; Southern, ll@12%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Trading In the market for evaporated apples
was on a small scale, to-day. State - common,
3ffi4c; prime, 4%@4%c; choice, oQi^ic; fancy,
6<g6%e.
California dried fruits continue inactive- and
nominal. "Prunes. 3%@7c per pound, as to size
and quality.' Apricots— Royal, 7%«gl2c: Moor
park. ,SV>@13c. Peaches— Peeled, • 12%@20c; un
peeled, 7>4@10c.
CHICAGO, May 6.— The wheat market
bowed meekly, to the influence of lower cables
and rain in the West, where seemingly it adds
the .finishing touch to i almost 7 - perfect ; condi
tions. Liberal world's shipments canie' as "an
added encouragement to those; who' wish for
lower prices. July opened . a . shade . to }4@%c
lower at 72%@72%c under pressure j from longs
and short selling bears . and . dropped early to
72Viic. .Strong cables from the Continent caused
a flurry of alarm : among shorts and : the mar
ket recovered to 72%c during the first hour,
but -the bulk of_.the pit was . against ¦ the '. re^
covery and a sharp reaction to. 71%c followed.
Trade was' dull the remainder : of - the . session
and while prices .ruled fractionally above the
bottom the rest of the , day, the close was
rather easy. %@%c . under yesterday at 72V&C
A marked increase in "the receipts • of con
tract I corn, ' together with ' the expectation that
there would - be a' further; Increase to-morrow
was- influential in the corn ' market. ' .May corn
felt - the increase more seriously than the de
ferred futures. r For delivery this month vthe
option • opened from 53 to 50c, which proved' to
be the day's range, and closed 2c lower at 51c.
There was scarcely any: trade. In July opera
tions, were more active. ¦ . ¦ ¦, "
July;*orn was sold aggressively during the
forenoon- and .prices at one ; time * showed a
loss-of-'%c... A. reaction under; the leadership
of the most influential . bull on the floor took
place in the . afternoon." July^ closing steady
WsfitViC lower at ' 46%@46Uc. " . - -
¦Big general trading , in July and the un
loading of 300,000 .bushels . of : May .by an«in
fluential operator, " with a fractional decline
in both deliveries, marked the - day.'s session
in the' oat pit. Sympathy with wheat and
the fall of -rain were -bearish, factors. July
closed %c lower at 26%c. . May closed 14c down
at 28tfc. • . . ¦ " ' - - - -
. T Provisions were dull. and the range of prices
narrow. July pork closed 5c up, and lard and
ribs a shade better. . " ..-, -
.The leading futures ranged as follows:- .' .
New York Grain and Produce.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mall advices from New York say:. "Prunes
•re in fair demand and show some firmness,
particularly for the larger sizes. Apricots are
firm, with some inquir.v. Cheap lots have been
vrcll cleaned up. Choice Royals are held at
ebout "(JSc, fancy Royals at MSlO'/ic and fancy
Moorparks at n«ji:c. Seine inquiry is noted
for peaches, with a En.all business doing at
about »VzC for etrictly fancy, of which stock
her; is reported light, end at 10%c for extra
fancy. Raisins are juiet. with a littla trade
reported at PtMJSi&C t'jr California 3-crown
loose. Dates ara easy, but are a little more
fctive. Sales cf 1000 boxes of Hallow! and
Khadrawi were report -<i. price net given out.
Pears are in slight request. Prime evaporated
apples are quiet. Wasie continues to attract
attention. Sales of ten cars of old waste are
reported to one buyer at 50c."' .
Fruits and Salmon in London.
1 The London Grocers" Gazette of April 20
Fays: Fruits— The im;>o6itlon of a duty upon
sugar has had a diEqu-eting effect upon this
snarket, and inquirers at the customs offices
yesterday were informed that the full duty of
Is 2d per cwt. would be payable upon the net
weight of the total contents of the tin or pack
age. This means a tax of, roughly, Is per
dozen upen all I'ruHts, and we learn that an
embargo has been laid upen the fruits now
landing at Liverpool from the IMrigro. The
r.ituation is an interesting one, inasmuch as of
the quantity of tiSO.000 cases (the total supplies
:-f last year's pack to this country) about
rCO.000 cases ara on th^ way, : while the Loudon
Hill, with £0,835, has Lven docked, but has not
yet commenced to discharge her cargo, and
about 30,000 cases are as yet in the Dirigo.
Endeavors will doubtloss be made "to ¦ secure
th# partial or total remission of the tax as
. tar as canned goods are concerned on the
ground that the amount of sugar or sweeten
ing substance is but a tmall proportion of the
total bu!k. In Liverpool demand for apricots
L-ontinues and does nut seem to have been
checked by the Sd to <>d per dozen advancs
that has been put on the go6ds by holders. A
ilurther advance cf 6d is certain, because even
then holders are selling at considerably under
cost. Pears and peactios show a well main
tained demand at current limits.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 6-5 p. m.
' The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
teason, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
2V« points over the' first sale, which was 4
points over Saturday. The. movement in Can
adian Pacific was apparently sympathetic and
reached an extreme of 13U- The Duluih,. South
Shore; and Atlantic - common and preferred
stocks rose about 3 points each, Minneapolis,
St. Paul and. Sault Ste Marie. 2%. and the pre
ferred 5, following Canadian Pacific. Aside
from these there were few stocks which ex
ceeded the opening prices, among them Atchi
son. "which rose an extreme 6V* points and a
number of less prominent stock3. PittSburg,"
Chicago, Cincinnati ar.u • St.V Louis xose S%,
Minneapolis and St. Louis 7 and the coalers
generally from 1% to 5. None of: these gains
was fully maintained. In J fact profit-taking
was in steady progress all day, under cover
cf the strength in individual stocks. The United
States Steel stocks especially suffered from
liquidation and closed practically -unchanged
from Saturday's closing. This had ' a counter- (
acting inlluan.ee on the speculative enthusiasm..
The higher money was also a deterrent in
fluence, though it was explained by bull en
thusiasts that the brokers paid the higher rate 1
because they were too busy to haggle over it. [
The call money rate touched 10 per cent in
the afternoon, but fell back after the most
argent demand. had been satisfied. The* buy- !
Ing of Northern Pacific was very concentrated, \
a single house being, credited with the pur- 1
chase of as much as 150,000 shares. It is a
house which has been prominent in all the
recent notable movements of railroad stocks.
The day's business was well over two .million J
shares, but was half a million less than on
any full day's trading last week., 5>
i Bonds were comparatively quiet, outside of
the *>rice movement in the convertible bonds.
The general tone was strong. "Total sales, $3,
770,000.
United States new 4s declined 5i and the 3s
U and the old 4s % per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares. Closing
Sold. . Bid.
247.S0O Atchison 85%
101,803 Atchison prefd .: 106
17,500 Baltimore & Ohio lll»i
2.100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 93^4
35,!«)0 Canadian Pacific 110
600 Canada Southern 73
23,100 Chesapeake &. Ohio...... 50%
18,200 Chicago Burlington &. Quincy 196 1 /*
. 2.700 Chicago I nd & Louis 36
200 Chicago Ind & Louis prefd.... 71
....... Chicago & East Illinois 130
3.000 Chicago & Northwestern 208>4
4,600 Chicago Term &. Trans..... 23%
10.700 Chicago Term & Tran prefd 47»i
4,600 Chicago &. Aiton 46%,
2,*jo Chicago & Alton prefd 81^a
18,100 Chicago Rock Island & Pac 1«1
4,300 Chicago Great Western 24»4
Chicago Great Western pratd A 82^4
Chicago Great Western prefd B 50 *
1.000 CCCiSt Louis US 1 *
4,900 Colorado Southern 15U
4C0 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 63'. t
700 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 25
4,400 Delaware & Hudson 177^,
4,900 Delaware Lack & Western ..224
9,100 Denver & Kio Grande 52»i
3.7C0 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 98',i
7S.SC0 Erie 41Vi
4,900 Erie 1st prefd , 71
3,^00 Erie 2d'prefd ......'. 58
¦4,900 Great Northern prefd ...'. lS8 ! /2
,6.100 Hocking Valley 55^
3,300 Hocking Valley prefd 78M>
9. KX) Illinois Central 143%
1,200 Iowa Central 31
3,3uO Iowa Central prefd 6H4
300 Lake Erie & Western 63
Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
21.600 Louisville & Nashville 10S%
14,000 Manhattan L 126} 4
9,100 Metropolitan St Ry 170
15,100 Mexican Central 28<i
1,400 Mexican National 11%
9,000 Minn & St Louisa 92
79,200 Missouri Pacific 113%
10.6C0 • Missouri Kan & Texas 31U
5,900 Missouri Kan fz Tex prefd .... 66
100 New Jersey Central 156
24,100 New York Central 164%
4,C00 Norfolk & Western 54'^
1C0 Norfolk & Western prefd 88
429,900 Northern Pacific 127^
19,500 Northern Pacific prefd 102?i
34,200 Ontario & Western 26%
P C C & St L 70
34,800 Pennsylvania 153
39,400 Reading 43V*
40,200 Reading 1st prefd 78%
40,100 Reading 2d prefd 0674
1.2C0 St Louis & San Fran.... 48V
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 84
1,400 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 68%
3,200 St Louis Southwestern 36^
40.900 St Louis Southwestern - prefd .... 66'/i
96.600 St Paul 1S5 1 .-.,
2.200 St Paul prefd 196 i
67,100 Southern Pacific 55^
23,600 Southern Railway 33',i ;
8.100 Southern Railway prefd 8o\i
25,700 Texas & Pacific oO'.j
1,900 Toledo, St Louis & Western 18%
4,100 Toledo, St Louis & W prefd 36>i
198.200 Union Pacific ..: 124% j
8,900 Union, Pacific prefd .' 96Vi :
.5,200 Wabash .-21
"10,100 Wabash prefd 41Ti
1,500 -Wheeling &>Lake Erie .*... 18
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 3H2
1,500 'Wisconsin Central :....•..;...:....;.. 21»;
100 - Wisconsin Central prefd 47
Express Companies — ¦ •
Adams 165 '
400 American 198
300 United States 83
Wells Fargo .... t .. 145
_.. Miscellaneous — •
6L100 Amalgamated Copper ....'.. l'.V.122>£
1,700 American Car^: F... -25Vi
700 American Car& F prefd 79
. 700 American Linseed Co 12%
' 200 American Linseed Co prefd 38
-11,000 American Smelting & Refining E9V5
'1.600 American Smelting& Ref prefd.... 96%
37,600 American Tobacco 128%
7,900 Anaconda Mining Co.........; 50%
14,000 Brooklyn Raaid Transit... '. 84%
2.1C0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 102
5,900 .Consolidated' Gas 225%
62,800 Continental Tobacco 51%
1,200 Continental Tobacco prefd.... 105%
1,200 GeneVal Electric 228V4
1.900 Glucose Sucar . 59',£
3,100 Hocking Coal ". 19
- 600- International. Paper : 23
COO International Paper prefd 76
1,000 International Power SSli
200 Laclede Gas — ...: 84^4
¦» 1,700 National Blacult ..:. 43%
:„.<..-^ National I^ead ..: 17%
•100 National Salt 43
200 -National. Salt prefd.. ."76 •
--•£00- North- American :.:.....' 86%
Pacific Coast ; 60
3,200 Pacific Mall :.......'.. 39%
8,500 People's'* Ga? ...116%
1.200 Pressed -Steel. Car 44
1,200 Pressed Steel. Car prefd 84%
Pullman Palace Car 208
1,500 Republic Steel .:... "....:... .'20%
1.400 Republic Steel- prefd.................. 76
13,500 Sugar 147%
3 900 ' Tennessee Coal & Iron.'.:... 63%
; .". iUnion-'Bas: &'P.. 13%
....... Union Bag & P prefd. :..... 69
13,100 United States Leather — 15
3,300 United States Leather prefd... 77%
1.800 United States Rubber.....;... 21%
1.500 United States Rubber -prefd^. ...... .-62%.
142.500 United State* Steel Co... 52%
69,600 United States Steel Co" prefd... "..... 100%
36,900 Western Union' 98 .
2,232,100 Shares sold.
. CLOSING BONDS..;
U S ?» ref reg.-f?.-.106 N Y Cent lsts......I07-J4
ITS 2s ref coup.7.106 T N;J Cent gen 5s... 133
U S3sreg .10SM N Pacific 3s... 72%
U S 3s coup........l09' / 4 N Pacific 4s. .*....:. 105%
U S new 4s reg. ...137% N,Y C & St L 4s.l07%
U S new 4s coup..!37% N-&.W con 4s.. 101
U S old 4s reg 113% Or.Nav lsts . 103 '
TT-S-old 4s coup.. .113% Or Nav 4s... .105
USBs reg 109% j Or, Short Line 6s.l28>i
US . r .s coup.. ......109% Or S Line con 5s.ll8
! Dist of Col ,3.65s.. ..125' Reading Gen 4s 06"
} Atchison cen 4s....lO2%;R G W. lsts... ......101%
j Atchison 1 adj 4s.... 96 St L & I M con 5s. 115%
! Canada.Sa. 2ds.....lO7%|St L & S F g-en 6s. 133'
|Ches&:Ohio 4%s..lO6 jSt Paul cons.... ...192
{ Ches &. Ohio 5s..:; 120 St P C & P lsts...HS%
|C&'NW con47s...l3S%'St P C & P 5s. ...120
C '&. --NWSFdJb 5s. 121 .ISo Pacific 4s 93%
I Cheo« Terminal '4».. 94 " iSo Railway 5s 117'»
I Colo Southern 4s.;: 88 - l j Stand ¦ R & T 6s... tk)'
D &*R G-4s.-.V.-.-....102% Tex- ft.Pac lsts.. ..119%
Erie General 4s~.-..' 87% Tex;& *:Pac' 2ds..Y.100*
{ F'W & ; D C lsts.V.109. (Union Pacific 4s.r;103%
Gen Electric 5s. ;..1S»% Wabash ¦ lsts .'.'.;. -.118%
Iowa 'Central ! lsts.'.117% Wabash 2ds ; . . . .-. .M10 : •
L &N t'ni 4s...:.. '103/ West-Shore. 4r.....:-114%
M-K &T 2ds.;.;.'..KS-" Wls Centilsts. ...... StOH'
I M K &.T 4s........ SS% Va Centuries. ;;;..r 35%
The . feature of ¦ the market ; on the mornlnsr
session of the Bond Exchange was the recovery
in I the ; sugar '. stocks, all being: higher aa fol
lows: Makawell, $40: Hawaiian, $50 25©32;
Paauhau. J2S@23; Honokaa, $26@26 75; Hutchin-
Bon, $18 50@20. ¦ " ¦ ' - ". .
Gas ¦' and " Electrio was weak at $38 25O36.
Alaska Packers sold at ' $132 50 spot and H35
buyer 30.
In the afternoon the sugar stocks maintained
their Improvement, though under diminished,
sales. Alaska Packers was lower at »131@130.
The Consolidated California - and Virginia
Mining: Company has -declared a dividend. ol
10c. < payable on the 13th.
There was nothing new In th« oil stocks.
Dividends payable on the 10th are the Paclflo
Gas Improvement, the regularly monthly, and
the San Jose Water Company EOc.
The Pacific Lighting Company paid a dividend
of 30c per share yesterday.
• The Truckee River. General Electric Company
has declared' the regular monthly dividend of
10c. per share, payable an the 20th. .
The California Street, Cable Company will
pay a dividend of 50c p*r share on the 8th.
: Since May, 1 quarterly or semi-annual In
terest has been payable on the following bonds:
y .^ A . "\ ¦ ( Coupon. Amount.
Edison Light and Power ..$150 $9,345
N. P. Coast ' Railway ...300. 16.200
Pacific Gas Improvement 1 00 . 12,500
Sacramento E: G. and Ky..... 2 50 52,500
8. P. Ry of California..... 2 50 " 644,350
S'V Water ICO' 60.000
U. S..4s ...» ...100 1,623,154
U. S. 3s 75 . 94L4S1
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, May 6—2 p. m. * :
" • UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. ' . Bid.As!c. '
4s quar coup. .114%114Ti 4s qr cp (newl37Vsl3Sii ;
4s quar reg HSisllSJi 3s quar coup... 109*4110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CoP. 5S/.104 ] —^Oceanic S 5s. . .103 104
Cal-st 5s ..117 — Omnibus R 6s.l26.—
C C Wat os.. .110 — Pac G Imp 4s. — —
Ed L & P 6s. ".. 123^133% Pk & C H 63.. 105 —
Fer & Cl R 6S.115 — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R/CS..120 " —
H C & S 5US..106U — Sac E G R os. 94%10O
Do 6s ...... — — S F & SJV 5s.l20% —
Los Ang R 5s. — 111 - Sierra Cal 6s.. — 107
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s..— 104 (1S09) — —
Do gntd 5s. .100 — (1910) 114 — •
L A & Pac 5s.lO2% — S P of C 6s ¦?
Do 1 c m 5s. 101 — US05). ser A.106% —
Market-st. 6s.. 127^ — (1905). ser.B.107ft —
Do 1 c m 53.122%, — (1906) 110 —
Nev Co* R 7s.. — 113^5 (1912) — —
Nor R Cal. 63.113% — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s ..' — — " . cp gntd g 5s.lO3 —
Nor Pac C Cs.lOO — S P Br Cal 6s.l34% — p
Do 5s — 109 S V Wat 6s.... 11314 —
Nor Cal R 5s.. — 114VS Do 4s -.103 103.V.
Oak Gas os.... 110 — , Do 4s, 3d m. — 103',i
Do Tran 6S-.117 IIS Stktn Gas 6S..10O —
Do Wat Ss.. .104 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 75U (Spring Valley. 88 89
Marln County.53*i — I -
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. . 3 — Pacific Lt .42% 43&
Equitable 3 — Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 3U - S.F G & E-... 36% 36%
Oakland 50. 50«i San Francisco. 414 4?i
Pacific Imp.... — 35 IStockton IVt —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 205 — |
Anglo-Cal 73^ — L P & A... ...147 —
California 4C6 412 Mer Ex (liq.).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO6%107$4 S F National.. — 123
First Nat 310 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......\S40 — Sav &'Loan.. — —
Humboldt .....— — Security . 275 —
Mutual 50"—, Union ~>Tv
San Francisco.315 — . • ' ( ' ¦'
STREET RAILROADS. \
California 130 140 |O S L & H .. 40 —
Geary 47%— Presidio 23.30
Market 70% — I '
" ' . POWDER.
Giant. 73 74 IVigorit 2% 3%
SUGAR. I
Hana 7% 8 Kilauea 18»i 20
Hawaiian 52 — Makaweli 39»i —
Honokaa ...... 26%— Onomea — K
Hutchinson ... 20>4 21. Paauhau 28% 29tf
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack..l29%131 Oceanic- SS.... 47% 4S
Cal Fruit Can.lOO — Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — PacC Borax..l51 153
Mer Ex_j 110 — Part Paint ... 16 —
Morning Session.
1 Board— . •:
25 Alaska Packers' Association 135 00
25 Alaska Packers' Association ..132 50
130 Cal Wine Association..; 100 00
10 Giant Powder Con; ;••••" £ j-5
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 51 CO
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 52 00
100 Honokaa Sugar Co :.... 26 00
175 Honokaa Sugar Co 26 i»
50 Hutchinson S P Co. 13 60
ISO Hutchinson S P Co 20 00
65 Makawelt Sugar Co.., 40 OO
• 5 Market Street Railway £ oO
¦100 Market Street Railway •¦••,!? ll^
$5000 Oakland -Water os.. -.104 25
185 Paauhau S PCo......... 23 00
5 S F Gas.& Electric Co 36 2o
60 S F Gas & Electric Co ,. 36 00
60 S V Water. -•-•„ ...:... 83 00
Street— ; \: '-' ¦ . "
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 50 2o
12000 Oakland Gas Bonds "—^H S2
15Paauhau S P Co 23 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 28 oO
$2000 S-V 4s (3d Mortgage) -.l«/~ 75
Afternoon Session.
20 Alaska Packers' Association. 13100
5 Alaska Packers' Association 130 50
250 Alaska Packers' Association ;..130 tK>
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.-. 52 12%
$"000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 102 00
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 26 la
125 Hutchinson S P Co... 20 00
200 Hutchinson S P Co 20 23
150 Makawell Sugar Co .' 40 CO
10 Oceanic S S Co..; : 48 CO
400 S.F Gaslight... • 4 25
5 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 36 2o
. 5 S F Gas & Electric Co 36 37%
$1000 S V 4s (2d Mortgage) 103 00
Strcct~* "
*100 Hutohinson S P Co.... T20 25
$1000 Oakland Water os ...104. 2j
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Hanford, Fresno, Kern River 10 -••
100 Hanford, Fresno. Kern River." 09
10O Home Oil -• 3 ZZ
50 Kern • 6 25.
300 Lion ."•' ........"....' 15
10O Peerless, b 90 8 50
1300 Petroleum Center .11
1000 Petroleum Center, b 60. - 12 ,
5 San Joaquln OH & Dev. 9 00
• Street — . '
200 San Joaquin Oil & Dev....... ..; 23
Afternoon Session. *-^
Board— * . '
500 Four '¦ 4S
2C0 Giant • ." .V.. '40
2 Hanford - *. 96 CO "
50 Home Oil ....."... 3 23
800 Independence ¦ ,13
1CC0 Independence .;... -. 17*
Sm Junction .*•...•.... . S5
S20 Junction .'. ........ ' .34
50 Kern ..". :...... 6 12%
1760 Lion '.,¦;.:..: 14
600 Petroleum Center ..'.:. .'.:.. ;.. n
100 Petroleum Center 13 •
25 Sterling .'......; 1 &o
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE. "
_ Morning Session.'
Board— • ' -; .
1CC0 California Standard I;...., 37
500 Petroleum Center.'.. I.".".:. ..." ;..- u
- Afternoon Session.
Board— ' .
¦3C0Cal & Utah Oil Co.....'..; ;g
' SO 1 ) Monarch : of Arizona.". : '.~. .. .. . . :. :. ..... 43
10CC Petroleum Center . .....: ;-.. -10 -
, ',"¦. . MINIXG STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco . Stock 1 and • Exchange Board yester
day: - . ¦ ¦
Morning Session. .
200 Belcher \ "...'..;.* 12 . 60O Ophir ..... 97
500 Challenge .....' 12 1300 Ophir ' 95
1150 Con'Cal&.Va.2 35 400 Overman ."...'... H
150 Con Cal &^Va.2 40 800 Overman ....... 10
¦5i)0 Crown. Point... 13 100 Potosl .;..„.*... 04
." 100 Gould & • Curry 17 ICO Sierra " Nevada. 21
. 600 Ophir ....... ; 98 400 Yellow r Jacket. 15
' ; Afternoon Session. .
>3C0 Belcher- ......;. 12 200 Mexican, ....... 2t
-100 Best &; Belcher 2$ 1000 Ophir, .. .... .-..;" 92
300 Challenge ..... 12 100 Overman ...;..: ID
1150 Con Cal &. Va.2 25 300 Potosi •'.;..: - 03
1GC0 Con Cal & . Va.2 30 600 Sierra ¦ Nevada, i 22
200 Crown Point... -15 300 Union . Con ..... x 22
500 Gould ; & . Curry " lb .400 Union • Con . . :. 21 j
The following were th« sales In tho PaclSa
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1100 Best & Belcher SO 400 Mexican 28
60 Caledonia 59 600 Mexican ....... 2S
SOOChollar 07 850 Ophlr loo
100 Con Cal & Va.l 43 200 Ophlr 95
100 Con Cal & Va.2 40 600 Potosl 04
400 Con Cal & V.3 87H 300 Sierra Nevada. 21
1200 Con. Cal & Va.2 35 300 Union Con .... 22
800 Con Cal & Va.2 30 300 Union Con .... 23
700 Con Cal & V.2 27V4 200 Yellow Jacket. 13
200 Con New Ycrlc 01 100 Yellow Jacket. 20
500 Crown Point... 15
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia .«... 53 300 Mexican ....... 28
10O Caledonia Si 700 Mexican ....... 23
100 Caledonia 57 200 Ophlr 93
200 Challenge Con. 12 200 Ophlr 91
300 Chollar 07 200 Ophlr ..„ J3
1200 Con Cal & Va.J 25 300 Savaga im
1100 Con Cal & Va.2 80 S0O Sierra Nevada. 2x
2500 Gould & Curry 17 800 Union Con^TTI 23
300 Gould & Curry 16 800 Union Con .... 23
800 Hal. & Norcrs.22 r
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. l;.
l MONDAY. May *-4 p. m.
Bld.Ask- . Bid-Ask.
Alpha 03 03 Justice OS 03
'Alta :... 03 04 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 03 10 Lady Wash .. 01 02
Belcher 11 13 Mexican .:..... 23 24
Best & Belcher 27 23 Occidental ....... 03 M
Bullion ........ 02 03 Ophir 91 93
Caledonia ...... 53 61 Overman 10 u
Challenge Con. 10 11 Potosl 04 05
Chollar OS 07 Savaga 12 13
Confidence 55 60 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.2 25 2 30 Seg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 20 21
Cpn New York. — 01 Silver Hill .... 35 38
Crown Point... 15 16 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con ..06 — Standard 4 00 4 20
Exchequer ....- — 02 Syndicate 05 —
Gould & Curry 16 17 Union Con .... 21 22
Hale & Norcrs 19 20 Utah ..* 02 03
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 17 IS
EEA.Ii ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Reglna Kline (by Max Gensberger
and David Kline, executors), to Antoinette B.
Steltzner, nee Muenter, -lot on NB corner of
Gough and Geary streets, E "27:8 by !¦% 137:6;
$11,000.
Albert and" Charlotta Wllf ont - to J. P. and
Rose G. Haller. lot on 3 line of Jackson street.
131 W of Baker. W25 by S 127:8%; $S0CO.
William H. and Emma M. Wilbur to Angela
Garbarino, lot on E line of Mason street, 25
N of Union, N S3 by E 57:«r *45C0.
William J. and Margaret M. Sinon to> William"
B. Sloan, lot on W- line of Leavenworth street,
S8:9 S-of Filbert. S 58:9 by W 91:6; also lot on
S line of Union street, 160:6 D ol Hyde. E 33 by
S 137:6: -$10.000.;.
Joseph Daveggio to Louis Dondero, lot on N
line of Russell street. 100 W of Hyde, W 40
by N 60; J9C0."
Annie V.Twomey (wife of Michael) to Norah
F. MacDonald (wife of A. W.), lot on E line
of Sixth avenue, 100 N of Clement street. N
25 by E 120; $10C0.
Mary M. B. Martin to John and Elizabeth
Kelleghan, lot on E line of Eleventh avenue,
225 S of L street. S 25 by E 120; $500.
William H. and George W. Greene to City
and County of San Francisco, right to con
struct and maintain a cuiyert beginning at a
point in- center line of Nineteenth avenue.
646.7 S of W street, thence SW 1S1 to a point in
Trocadero Creek, with right to center upon
land of first party to construct and maintain
«uch - culvert and right to discharge flow of
said.culvert Into Trocadero Creek on lands of
first party; grant.
Alameda County.
Mary E. Dearing to Annie Eggleston. be
ginning at a point 143 E from E line of Pe
ralta street and 100 S of Ninth. E 30, N 65,
W 30 S 65, to beginning, Oakland; $1500>.
Evelyn F. Yamdley (widow) to Franklin H.
Perry, lot on N line of BIrnie street, 100 E of
Broadway. E 50 by N 100, being the E 50 feet
lot 1 block G, Fountain Place. Oakland; $100.
Georgio Brali to Rosa Deluchl (wife of Taul).
Lizzie Petry (wife of John) and. Henrietta
Brali, all Interest In lot on W line of First
street 283.20 N of Summer. NE 50, NW 173.5*.
SW 47.70, SW 6.05, SE 168.86 to beginning,
•portion block H, Vernon Park Tract. Oak
land; gift.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to-Veta Hilt,
lot • on ¦ W ¦ line of Deakin street, 135.53 S o*
Ashby. avenue. S 50 by W 123. lot 6. block B.
Woolsey Tract. Berkeley: $1000.
Stephen H. and Victoria Morse to Charles
M Buck, all interest in lot on NW line o"
Shuey avenue * 274 SW of East Twenty-seventh
street. SW 50 by NW 139. Brooklyn Township;
$500. ¦
M J and Bretta C. Halla et aL (by J. B.
Lanktreo. commissioner) to Continental Build
ing and Loan Association, lot .1. block D.
Fruitvale Station Tract, Brooklyn' Township;
$1846. /
Fannie E. Temple (single) to Henry Bade,
lot on N line of School street. 125.64 W oj
Champion, N 174.41. W 56.50. S 10. W 23. S 172.
E 81.79, to beginning.' portion block D. cor
rected map of subdivision blocks D and E,
Champion Tract. Brooklyn Township: $2000.
Edwin Whitcomb to Charles M. Buck. lot. on
N line of ghuey avenue, 274 S of East Twen
ty-seventh street. NW 130 from point of begin
ning, thence ftW 50. NW 67. NE 50, SE 67. to
beginning. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Joseph Knowland and Fritz Boehmer (execu
tors estate of Henry- Sevening) to. E. D. Dun
ning, rerecord 763 D. 371, all interest in lot
on NE corner of Santa Clara avenue and Pearl
street, N 150 by E 140. Alameda; $1405.
Builders' Contracts.
"o. D. Baldwin (owner) with Petterson &
Persson (contractors), E. J. Vogel, architect —
Carpenter and brick work, patent chimneys,
hardware, stairs, plastering, tinning and glas3
for a three-story frame building on - lot on 5
line of Turk street. 136:6 E of Van Ness ave
nue. E 90 by S 120; $27,263.
Same owner with W. S. Snook & Son (con
tractors), architect, same—Sewering, plumbing,
gas piping, water piping-^and draining for
same on same; $4150. -
Edward ' E. Cook and " Thomas C. Bruntsch
(signed Clementina Bruntscn) (owner) with
Terrill Bros, (contractors), architect, Fred H.
Meyer—All work for an additional story to a'
four-story and basement brick building In
course of erection on 1-t on NW line of Market
street. 332:0*4 SW of Powell, thenceTiIong Mar
ket. W 54:2%, N 88:3^, E.44, S 56:7^; $4545.
HOTEL ARRIVAU3.
PALACE HOTEJU I .
L H Moore, Phila Miss L Rossiter, N T
D Cowden & w, Kans A Oppenheimer. ?I T
J C Kemp Van Ee. Cal W F Adams, N Y
H B Wood & w. Sn Jos F B Ellsworth. Mil
C E Wilson, Portland M S Carr, England
E N Camp, Chicago Mrs C Neidhofer. Butts
J P Mundy. Phila G L Hardin. Los An?
J'L Graux. Arizona E A Palmer. Providno
J S Murdock. London G S Nichols. Provldno
H G Mclntlre. Helena Mrs G M Pulman. Ill
E C Day. Helena Mrs R S Robinson, HI
P ' Kroyman, Germany Mrs B Colburn, Denver
T M Spencer, Portland Miss Colburn, Denver
O W Powers, Sit Lake R B Colburn. Denver
W A Willinsham. \N C W-B Drysdale. Troy •
W G Codman, Boston Mrs HO Stone. Chleag
J W Needleman, Cal • S Symons, London.
L Cox. New • York Miss Symons, London
W Jackson, England , |W S Pullman & w. NY
Miss N Jackson, Eng" IMrs E Nelson. N Y'
W R Peters. NY S Rodman & w, N T.
W E Coffin. Cleveland [Miss Reifenrath. - Mont
O A Fullerton & w, Ia|L E Cochran, Boston '
W R Marcom, Chicago W L Eaton & w, HI
J F Lawless. Seattle F C Bartlett & w. Ill
C H,Thome & w. Ill W Gray,-St Louis
Misa F ..Weller. Peorla C B Davis. Chicago
J McNee, London . . G W Schwartlng. Oak
A Koshland & w. Mass Miss Rossiter. NY
CH Markhara.~Portld J P Cunningham, Pa
O L Rossiter, N-Y
- GRAND HOTEL.
R P Qulnn. "Watsonv M S Stuart & 'w, Tex ¦
J A Llnsette. Cal F F Brown & w, Chto
G T Parr. Portland Miss D King, Chicago
J J Miller, USA C R Sadd & w. Sacto
W J Faulkner, USA J H Batcher. Sacto
E Dinicelspiel. Sulsun D Lazier. Salinas
C S Vanzhan. N Y •; EH Vance & w. Eu-
G N Dunning. Oakland reka
M H Robinson.. Los A Miss E Vance. Eureka
Mrs G C Douglas, See- F H O'Keefe & w. Cal
tia Miss D Hartley. Bostn
H O Berker, Fresno E J Isham. Sacto
W T Mead. S Barbara D P C Alexander. Cal
D J Norton, Los Ang L A Blastngame & w :
Miss S Norton, L Ang Fresno .
Miss K Norton, L Ans L Du Pont Syle. Erkly
L E Mahan. Eureka W P Thomas, Uktah
J J> Biddle. Hanford J F Walker. Napa
A Marquardt. N Y W A Spepard. Auburn
E W Snoklson.' L Ang A T Grifftn. Mass
W Wolf. Portland W P Dickson, Tacoma
EM Hirshfelder. Cal A B Bigler & w, Cal"
E C Day. Helena F, W Lawtoa, Willowa
H G; Mclntire." Helena E Clulbery. Seattel
P Grogmann, Germany f>t E Dailey, San Jose
C E Emerson, Susanv M Fanand Conn : ?
S J Williams. Ohio T P Amosa. Baltimore
Miss H S William. O Misa E C Amoss, Bait
L C Gllman, Seattle F C Sharp, St Louis
J T Harmes. Sausallto A Musto. Stockton
• - NEW WESTERN HOTEL. .
T W Singleton.. Kans 1J C Hull & fm Colo
A Gore,. Denver . H W Hodger, Chicago
M J Kerns, Lebanon [A \Merchew, Chicago
J J Neville. Cripple Clc iT Manley. Cal
J M Schaffer. Montana C J Hovland. Denver
J Wledfall. mitch Flat W Chinn Cal —
B-Sterne. Oakland Miss F Smith- Clnn
O HDodds, Cal L C Reppetoe. W Va
P C Grcth, Texas . H A Stamper. Chicago
L A Goebel. New OrlnsIB E Wallmlre & w. Mo
JP Gallagher. N Y "W Grante & w. Boston
' - ' , * — — ¦ o •
A'man seldom enjoys good healtli while
he has It. , ,.. ¦¦
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barley dull and unchanged.
Eastern Corn selling at high prices.
Oats very firm. Rye neglected and zeeak.
Hay steady' with moderate receipts. F cedstu ft s unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions about as before. Beans wichanc^.
'Asparagus, String Beans and Great Peas lozvcr.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs show' no variation. ¦...,,;.;..'
Eight cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Cherries and Strazvbcrrics declined.
Dried Fruits dull here, but fairly active in the '"East.
Nothing new in the Prozision market. ...__•.....
Meat quotations stand as before. "; ¦" . ; ......
General recovery in the sugar stocks. ' (
OH stocks' continue quiet and featureless. ; »"
Foreign Futures.
MINING STOCKS.
Adams. Con „..". -2S Little Chief 12
Alice ...>:4? Ontario 8 50
,Breeee \ 6 (, Ophir.... •........,...' 95
Brunswick Con IS Phoenix -....'......... OS
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosi... :..... 05
Con Cal & Va. „:;.. 2 30 Ravage -'.'." 07
Deadwood Terra - .10 Sierra /Nevada....... - 20
Horn Silver 110 Small Hopes V..--55
Iron Silvar ........... 60 Standard ............3 70
Leadville Con 05! /
> BOSTON STOCKS. AND BONDS.Vi^;.
Money— - , 1 ' Bonds— .
Call loans'... ..4@-5 Atchison " 4s .. 100^5
Vime loans-. 4@D N K Gas &*C 5s 6uVi
Stocks—. • - : : Mining Shares— ¦ .
A T & St-Fe." 81% Adventure ..17
. Do prefd ........ 105Vi Bingham Min Co. 25 ,
Amer .Sugar ......145% Amal Copper.'. .'...122%
Do:prefd-" 122 Atlantic 34
Amcr Tel 17SV4 Boston & Mont ...442'
Boston & Albany. 258 Butte& Boston. ..114
Boston L .177 Calumet &.Hecla.S35
Chi Bur & Q......196'.-i Centennial .31
Dominion Coal .... 33% I Franklin ...........18
i Do prefd ........ 114V* I Osceola 88^
Gen Electric 228- Parrott ...'.. 64V4
Ed- Elec 111- 245' Quincy ....173
'Mexican Central.. 28 Santa Fo Copper. 8
J N E Gas & Coke. HVi Tamarack ...338
1 Old Dominion . . . . 5 33*4 Utah Mining ...;.. 31
Rubber ;'21Vi Winona 3^.
Union- Pacific -..i. 124T4 Wolverines 58U
Union Land '.. ZVi <A \,
' ¦ Nezu York Money; Market.
NEW YORK. May 6.— Money on call, firm at
3%@10 per cent; -last -loan, 6 per. Cent; ruling
rate. -7@S per cent;' prime" mercantile paper.
4@4& per cent; sterling exchange easy, with
actual business in bankers' "bills at $4 »8%' for
¦demand and $4 S4V4 for sixty days; posteM rates.
$4 So I ,(@4 S6 and $4 89; commercial bills. $4 83%@
4 S4"i';. "silver certificates, 60c; bar silver. 60c;
Mexican dollars, 4SVic; S 1 Government bonds.
weak; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds,
strong.
London -Market.
NEW YORK, May 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: .
Activity was resumed In the markets here:to
day and the tone was improved, though consols
were flat on the announcement of a London
County Council loan of £2,000,000 of 3s. Home
rails were down on the apprehensions that the
miners will decide to-morrow on a universal
strike . against the coal tax. but the gist' of
opinion is that this is improbable.
¦ In- the American department a big business
was done although trading was confined more
or less to specialties. The feature from the
start was Northern Pacific, which, on good
buying, reported to be by the Morgan party,
was hoisted rapidly to a new record .price.
The whole market seemed to be starting on a
fierce upward career. Chicago, Milwaukee and
St. Paul bears were squeezed. New York
bought Canadian Pacific and there was heavy
local buying of Steel up -to 54% for the com
mon and 103 for the preferred. .
CLOSING. !
LONDON, May 6.— Atchison, 96Vi; Canadian
Pacific, 104%; Union Pacific preferred, 9S&;
Northern Pacific, 102%: . Grand Trunk, 12y 8 ;
Anaconda, 10^; bar silver firm, 27%d per
ounce; money, 2V4C3 per cent.
Cl .dition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May. 6.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance, $157,C32,341; gold, $97,613,290.
Nciv York Metal Market.
NEW YORKi May 6.— Important features
were lacking both at home and abroad in metal
circles. Tin here was 5 points- higher, closing
quiet at . $25 95@26 10. . Copper in London de
clined 123 6d under liquidation, closing quiet
and unchanged at $17 for lake and $16 62',i for
casting. Lead was quiet and unchanged. Spel
ter quiet, $3 90@4. Pigiron warrants, $3 50@
10 50; Northern foundry, $15 23@16 50.
T.ie Coi ton (Market.
. ¦ ¦ -.
NEW YORK, May 6.— COTTON— The opening
developed an easy undertone with prices 1@5
points lower under moderate selling. Soon
after midday "there was' a break of 5@6 points
under selling orders, • closing net unchanged ;
to 3 points lower. ¦ ¦ -
per 100, pounds,- $S CS@8 07^; short-rib- sides
;(lOose).-$7.P5@8 15: dry salted shoulders (boxed^
$6 87V*@7 12% ; . short • clear sides^ (boxed) . |S 2d@
8 37^1: whisky, : basis ; of high ' wines, - $1 30,
clover, contract 'grade, $10 50- - ' -¦ '
Articles- ' - -.: x Receipts. Shipments.
Flour,, barrels... !.. 29.000 ¦ ".000
.Wheat,, bushels .:.........•• 45,000. • 514,000
Corn;* bushels p. .........333,000 ¦...' / «6.0M
Oats, bushels '......".:.. .....253.000 ¦ 2o6.00O
Rye. bushels :.-......-........ 6.000 ¦ H'mo
Barley, bushels. 130.000: b - wu
. On the Produce -Exchange -to-day -the. butter
mraket .was easy: creamery, U@lSc; dairy.^ 11®
16c. Cheese 91/5J11C. Eggs, weak; fresh, lie...
, - - - . - v . - ¦ , . . ¦
LIVERPOOL. ! _ .
Wheat-.' . May.- July- ftry
Opening ....; c : \ |^ 8
Closing ..:.., '. 5.1<^« !/ 510
Whiat-i : " PARIS - SIay ; : Jujy-Aug.
Opening 19 30, 19 ?2
Closing ...;.. ..•• 19 °° ?° 2a
Flour— . . --''..'.'i- **'
O]>e]iins ••••• 24 25 £? )°.
C\osin E ...... ................. ..2i 60 2d4o-
Chicago Livestock' Market. ;
¦ CHICAGO. May \ 6.— CATTLE— Receif ts; 18,
000,-; including 200 Texans. Steers; stead ; to 10c
higher. Butcher stock, active/ steady.; Texans,
strong. Good to prime steers. $5 05@6; poor to
medium, $4@3; . stockers and strong,
$3@5; H cows, . $2 65@4 65; heifers. %i ? 0 ® 4 *°>
canners, $2@2 60; bulls, ' $3®4 50; calves, %i "W
5; Texas fed steers. $4 25@5 40; grasse -s, $3 oO
@4; bulls, $2 75®3 93. - ¦ ¦ '¦'
HOGS-Recelpts to-day, 30,000; to-morrow,
18,000; left over, 1000. Opened steady j closed
firm; good • clearances.- Top. $¦> 8JV2. I Mixed
and butchers'" $5 60^5 83; good to choice heav>
$5 70@5 87%; rough heavy, $5 55@5 60; -light,
$3 5C@3 80; bulk of sales, $5 75@5 80. I "-
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Slow; exporters up
to 54 60. , Clipped lambs, steady; wooled. weak;
clipped up to $4 75. Good to choice wethers,
%\ 10@4 50; fair to choice mixed- $3,90@4 la.
Western sheep $4 10@4 50: yearlings,. ,$4 10®.
4 DO; native lambs, $4@5 15; Western V lambs,
$4 50^5 20.
" Visible Grain Supply. • . ,
NEW YORK, '": May 6.— The statement of the
visible 'supply 'of 'grain .'in store and afloat, on
Saturday, May - 4, as compiled s by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat,
46.668,000 bushels: decrease. 1.684,000. Corn, 18.
665.C00 bushels; decrease. 260,000. Oats. 12 ;>26 -
COO bushels; Increase, 162,000. Rye,: 946,000 bush
els; decrease. 24, CCO. . .Barley, 693.0CO bushels;
decrease, 1C00. . . . -;
. London Wool Market.
LONDON. May '6.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 12.4S5 bales, in
cluding a good general selection. The at
tendance was large and competition between
home and continental buyers was spirited.
American buyers secured a good quantity oC
new good crop { wools. Fine merino cross
breds were taken at the recent advance, while
other grades showed a hardening tendency.
Some scoured were withdrawn on account or
the low bids. . ¦" v -
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. May .6.— Consols, 94 0-16; silver,
27%d; French rentes, lOlf 75c; wheat cargoes on
passage, rather easier; No. 1 standard Califor
nia, 30s; "Walla Walla, 29s. 9d: English country
markets, I firm at ' advance of 6d ; imports of
wheat- into United Kingdom, 138,000 ( qrs; do
flour 340,000 qrs; wheat and flour on passage
to United Kingdom, 3.650,000 qrs: do Continent,
1820,000: Indian' shipments of wheat to United
Kingdom, 100 qrs.--/" , ' .
LIVERPOOL. May 6.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
standard California. 6s 2Ud@6s 3d; wheat ; in
Paris, -firm; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try - markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, ' overcast.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 ll-32d.
CLOSING. • . g
WHEAT— Spot., firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter 6s- No 1 Northern spring, 6s ll%d: No. 1
California ¦ 6s 2d. Futures, steady; July, 5s
10%d: September. Es lOd.
CORN— Spot American mixed new dull, j 4s
4V-d; d>5 old quiet, 4s 5d. Futures, quiet; May,
nominal; 'July,'. 4s 4%d; September, 4s.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND,- Or., May 6.— Clearings, $.133,
903; balances, $65,507.
Northern Wheat Market.
. X. ' WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May 6.— Wheat— Qtfet and un
changed ; Bluestem, 60«4c ; -Club, 5Sc.
:. « OREGON. ¦_:¦¦- . •
PORTLAND, ; May 6.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
60c. ¦- -. , :¦¦ ¦" m : ¦ - -
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
though the sales .* of Oregon to-day may. de
velop- some.-. Onions? rule steady'. for old and
weak foi; new".';-.^,'if :>.-' i' 1 -. :"• . . .•
String Beans "^ from i Los Angeles • arrived in
bad condition,- ;owin*;to'< the recent rains, and
had to : be sold lowy,; Green ; Peas t declined un
der .heavy '.receipts, -.iandj the scanners reduced
their ' price to lc . per.- lb. > Asparagus - was also '
lower. , Other \ .Vegetables • stood about - the
same.* ¦¦ ¦ ¦." :, -u. r-^ - -. ¦•'. . /. ¦
- Receipts were 887. boxes Asparagus, 310 boxes
Rhubarb,' 1566 sacks 'Bay Peas, 160 sacks String
Beans and 1000 sacks New. Potatoes. - . ' f> '-
POTATOES— Early Rose, 75c@$l : - Burbanks.
$1©1 40,. for River and ¦ $1 50@l 70 for Oregon:
Garnet Chiles, $150; Sweets, 60@65c for Merced;
New Potatoes, 1^4@2Uc per- lb. - . . ...
¦ ONIONS— Cut .Onions, S0c@?l 25 per sack;
Australians, jobbing, at |4@5; Green Onions,
40<?fSOc per box: New Red," 51 25@1 50 per sack..,
I VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 50c@?l 25 per , box:
Asparagus, ?1 75©2 for fancy, $1 25@1 50 per box
for No. 1 and 75c<5$l for No. 2; Green Peas, 65c
<5$1 per sack; Garden Peas, . l%@2c - per lb;
Strlncr Beans, l%ff£6c for Los Ansrelea and 3@8c
for -Vacaville; Horse Beans. '- 40@60c per sack;
Cabbage. S0c@$l per ! ctl ; i Tomatoes, Mexicans,
$1 25^1 50 per crate; from Los Angeles. $1@1 75:
Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra, 15c per , lb;
Carrots, 2>i@33c per sack ; Hothouse Cucumbers,
40©75c per dozen; Garlic, 15c per lb; Green
Peppers. 10@15c per lb;- Egg Plant, 10@20c
per ib.
Poultry and: Game.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry sold as follow*:
Hens,'.$6@7; old: Roosters, v* 4 50 @ 5 w ; Geese,
$1@2; Ducks, 1 ?5 for young and $4 for. old; Tur
keys, 10@12%c ; Pigeons,- $1 75 per dozen.. ". '¦ >
~. Receipts of local stock -were insignificant.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@llc lor Gobblers
and Il@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair," $1 25@1 50;
Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks. $4@5 for old and
$5 60<@6 50 "for. young;? Hens, --;: $4@5 50; young
Roosters.' J7@S; old Roosters, ;$4@4 50; Fryers.
$5 50(36 50 -Broilers. $4 5005 for large and $2 2o©
3 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 25@1 75 per dozen for
old and $15002 50 for Squabs. ; . "¦
; GAME— Hare Jl@l 25; Rabbits, $1 60 for Cot
,'tontall and. 75c©$: for. Brush. , . ." ( ___
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Continued packing' keeps Butter steady, in
spite of liberal receipts. . Quotations stand' the
same. .
Cheese remains steady,* but the market is
very well . stocked. i- ¦ •' m. " '
There is . no -further change. In ¦Eggs. There
are large stocks on .the floors and. the demand
Is slow • *
Receipts were 116.100 pounds and 231 tubs \ of
Butter, 12G7 cases i Eggs. : 2000 " cases Eastern
Ekks. ¦ 17.100 pounds . California Cheese . and _— —
pounds Eastern Cheese. ••'':. * -. — \*
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS." . . I
•BUTTER— Creamery, 17@17%c per Ib for fancy
and 16V&C for seconds: dairy, 14@16c per- lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 10@10%c; old,
nominal. : ;' ' * •'-"* " . '
EGGS— Ranch. 15(S16c for. good to fancy;
store, 13@14V4c per dozen.-.:' , '..*•¦
• . DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— . ... -.-:: -- -..-¦-_-¦- '.'.''.'''Si
, Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts. 15c; seconds ;
store, 13c.
CHEESE— Fancy. ' full cream, 9c; choice,
S'^c; common, nominal: Young Americas, lO^ic;
Eastern, full cream. 14016c per lb.
EGGS— •-•-.•¦¦- -•'--— -¦•,¦-
California Ranch— Selected White, 15c; mixed
colors. 14c per - dozen. ¦
! California Gathered— Selected, 13V£c; standard.
13c; eeconds. '." - .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Cherries, declined again, though receipts were
smaller than on Saturday. They- continue to
show the effects of the' recent rains.
¦ Strawberries were lower, ¦ as usual on Mon
day. The large berries came' in" dirty and un
attractive. ¦ ¦ '; . . m
Eight cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels. 95c@$l 90: choice do. 80c@
$140; standard do, 65c@$l 23; Seedlings. 60c@$l.
All citrus fruits remain as before.
Blackberries from Covlna - brought $2 per
crctc ¦ ' ' (
liECTDUOTTS FRUITS— '. /
CHERRIES— Receipts were 2378 boxes, selling
at 25.«60c per box for red and 40<ft75c for 'dark.
STRAWBERRIES— $7(??8» per chest for Long
worths and ?3 50@6 for large berries. Receipts
were -194 chests. '¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@2;
Seedlings - 75c(g$l: Tangerines, 75c@Jl 25; Lem
ons 75c© Jl 25 for common and $1 50@2 50 for
pood to choice- Grape Fruit. 50c@il 50; Mexican
Limes, $4 50: Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and . $1 25@2 ' for Honolulu;
Pineapples, -H -5004 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.-
The local market for all _ descriptions re
i mains unchanged, though_there is a fair de
1 mand at New Tork. .
FRUITS — Apricots, 5@7i4c for Royals;
Kvaporated Apples, . 4@6c ; sun-dried, l>£@2c ;
Peaches,. 3Vi@4c for standard, ' 4H@5«£c for
choice and, 6S6Vic for- fancy; Pears, 2@7c;
Plums, pitted, 3l4@5c;unDltted, l@l%c; "Nec
tarines. 4©4?4c for red ! and 4@5c for, white. - - •
PRUNES— 4 sizes. 3c; 40-50s, 6^4c; 50-60s, i%c;
C0-7US 3%c; 70-80S, 3Uc; ' S0-90s. 2%c; 90-100s,
•J'ic; 100-120S, l%c. ¦•¦¦-. ¦-.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers', Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice,, He;
Ftandard, 10c; nrime, 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per. lb.V Sultanas— Fancy. .lOHc per
lb; choice, »%c: standard, -Sfc,c; prime. Sc: un
bleached Sultanas,^c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6V4c- 4-crown,-.7c; . 3-crown, 6 J /4c; '2-crown, 6c.
l>aolfic brand— 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5«c. and
4-crown 5V-c: seeded (Fresno prices), 5V4C;
London Layers, 2-crown, Jl 50 ¦- per box; 3
crown, $160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50;
Imperial, J3. All prices f. . o. b. at common
thipping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10@llc: No.
2 1^<&ic; No. 1 hardshell. 10c; No. 2. 6@7c;
Almonds. 13@14c for papershell, 10®llc for soft
shell and 5@6c for hardshell ; Peanuts, 5@6c
for Eastern" Brazil Nuts, ll@ll^c; Filberts.
12(R!12«^c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, J3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 13%@14c for bright and 12%
<S13c for light amber;, water white extracted,
7@7%c; light amber extracted, 8Q6c; dark, m
Cc perlb. •
BEESWAX— 23®28c per lb. .--'— ;'¦:
' Provisions.
The market continues inactive. "Prices re
main unchanged. ' ..' •
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, S 12>4@13c for " light > medium. 13%o \ for
light, : 14 V-c for extra light and 15%c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; I Mess
Beef, $12 per barrel: extra Mess, $12 50; Fam>-
Hy, J13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15 ; extra clear,
$23- Mess. $19; Smoked : Beef, 14c. per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 1 6%c per lb for
compound- and -lO^ic - for pure; . half-barrels,
pure, 10%c: 10-lb tins. HV4c; 5-lb tins, H%c.
COTTOLENE3 — One half-barrel, 8T4c; three
half-barrels, 8%c: one tierce. 'SHc; two tierces,
SVic ; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls . and , brands ; sell
about l%c : "under , quotations. ! Heavy Salted
Steers^ 10c; .medium, \ 9c; ,'.. light, \ SSS^c; qow
Hides.- S%c for heavy and S^Ac for-llKht; Stags.
6%c; Salted Kip. ac; Salted Veal,- 9®9Hcy-Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry.- Hides.! 16c : Culls, 13%<$'l4c ; Dry
Kip. 16c: Dry Calf, 16fi!17c: Culls and Brands.
13@14c; Sheepskins, : shearlings. . 15@30c each;
short Wool, 3C@50c each;. medium. 60@75c; long
Wool, S0c@$l each; Horse Hides, • salt, $2 50 for
large and $2(0'2 25 for medium,- J1Q1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75. for
large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red eklns,
35c: fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
skins, . 20c. v ' Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75ci
large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c. ,' ¦
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No. 2.
3^@4c: grease. 2@2'/4c. ! .¦ '•
WOOL— Spring. 1900 - or; 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 15@16c per' 'lb:" Northern, free, 12f) !
lSc; Sefective^ 9@llc: Middle , County. ~ free. 10(3 i
11; do,"' defective. 8@10c; Southern.- 12 months. ]
S@9c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c; do. de
fective.' 7 months. 7@Sc;. Oregon. Valley, fine, la
(S16e; do, medium and coarse, 14313c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do. fair to good. 9® lie:
. HOPs'-15(g20c' per lb.
San FranciscoMeat Market.
All. descriptions remain as previously quoted.
BEEF— 7@8c for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
'cows.'.-' "':'¦' ¦'.' y - ¦ ' '• -,' ; :. ••' ;
¦ VEAL— Large, 7®Sc;. small. $@9cper lb/ ,.
v MUTTON— Wethers.. 8@S'.4c ; Ewes. 7%@8c per
pound. '.. i * -: ¦¦•'.¦' ', ¦ . . .
• LAMB— spring. 9@9V*c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs,. ISO lbs and < under,' 6^c;
ISO to 225 lbs, '' 6%®6%c ; 225 ; and over, 6@6V4c ;
feeders, — -; dressed Hogs, 8>6@9%c.
*y General Merchandise. .
BAGS— San. Quentin • Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 7c ;• local : make, Vt? \ less than Cal
cuttas;.Wool Bags, -SOigSlc; -Fleece Twine," 7%@
8c. '- /¦;.-_.-> '. ¦ ¦:'*.-;/;•.¦ "
COAIi^Wellington, $9 . per ' ton; . Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle," $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay.~r$3 50: .Wallsend. $9;" Co-operative Walls
end,, S9;-' Cumberland,^ $12: In 7 bulk and $11 25 in ¦
eacks^ Pennsylvania. Anthracite Egg. $14; Can-'
nelr$10 per ton ; ; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 - in , sacks ; »" Rocky . Mountain descriptions,'
$8 45 per, 2000 pounds and ?S 50 per • ton, : accord- 1
ins to- brand. um^UftffWUjHj H'lifli IlL'HmiAMBW^dt
¦. OILS— California Castor Oil, > In leases," No; 1,
75c;. pure,: $1 30; : Linseed. Oil.; in barrels, boiled.
75c ; raw, • 73c ; cases, 5c ; more ; ¦ Lard Oil, , extra
winter strained, .-barrels,' 80c;: cases,-, Sic; China
Nut; E5@65c per. gallon: ; pure sNeatsfoot ;-Oil,'
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c: Sperm, : pure, 65c ; .Whale
Oil. ¦ natural white,'.'37%@42>4c per 'gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels. -35c: ..cases,- 40c. < -;.!,-. .-.
COAL-OIL— Water White 'Coal; Oil, -in -bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, in -cases,- 19c; Astral, 19c;. €tar,
10c; ' Extra : Star, > 23c: -Elaine,\ 24c; : Eocene, . 21c;
deodorized stove Gasoline,' in bulk, 15c; in cases,
21c; Benzine," in bulk,; 14c; in cases, • 2Cc:'86-de
gree Gasoline, 'inibulk, 1 20c:' Inicases, 26c. ' -
. ¦' TURPENTINE — 55c ¦ per : gallon ' in cases ; and
43c infdrums or, iron barrels., ¦ ¦ ,¦ •"' ; . ' j
SUGAR— The - Western . Sugar Retains Com
pany, quotes, per lb, ln'100-lb bags:, ¦¦¦ -." _ ¦'
B Crushed.- 6. 25c r Powdered. 1 - 5.85c ;• Candy Gran
ulated, 6. 85c;. Dry Granulated, 6.75c: Confec
tioners* -A. 5.75c; Fruit Granulated, 5.80c; Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C. 6,25c; Golden C. 6.15c.
barrels. 10c more ; half-barrels, ' 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more. 'No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dom
inos, half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per ID.
Receipts of Produce. { \
" FOR MONDAY, . MAY. «. '
Flour, qr sks.... 20.626 Straw, tons ...... Jg
Wheat., ctls ..... 1,665 Wool, bales 321
Barley, ctls ...:. 9,830 Pelts, bdls - 819
Oats, ctls 740 Hides. No. jg*
Corn, East, ctls. 1,000 Sugar. ctU 8,000
Beans, sks -.- 220 Tallow, c\ls 255
Potatoes. sks_:.." 3,167 Lime, bbla ...... «»
Onions, sks ..... 10S Chicory, bbls ".«•.¦.. J»
Bran. sk3 ....... "4, 660 Wine, gals **' 8 *J
Middlings, sks ..50 Leather, rolls ... £-
Hay, tons; ...- 611 Silver, flfcs ...... 64
•OREGON.
Flour, qr ska.... 24,2261 Potatoes, aks .... X«3
•Onions, sks ..... 50| - ...
THE!; SAN FRAK CISCO C ALL; TUES DA Y;. ;/M A Y , 7,1 90 1.
STOCK MARKET.
¦ .Cash quotations .- were ',as r ' follows: ; .Flour
quiet :¦¦ No.-. 3 'spring "¦¦Wheat,* 673J<B.7l?4c; v No. 2
red. 71%<S?72%c; *No/ i2r.com,, 50@51%c; -'No. .2
yellow. . 66@51%c : < No. ; 2 -white, 30c ; : No. ! 3 white;
¦2%%&,29\i.e: : No.- 2 rye. 52c: '.fair, ;to .choice malt-
Ing :barle-y.->4Sfi>35c: No. '¦'. 1 '. flajcseed."- : $1 67;-; No."
1 -j Northwestern. ; $1 Bi; * prime :- timothy . seed,
$3 SO; .mess ¦ pork,;' per, barrel, '¦ $1 1 '56<gl4 90; j lard,-.
8
Chicago. Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Articles— 'Open. High
"Wheat- No. 2—
May 72% 72%
July :. 72% .72%
¦ Corn Xo. 2 —
May S3 - G3
July ...: -4614. \.4W>
September. 45% 45%
Oata No. 2— '
May ...'. • 28 '28%
July- ................ 26% , 26%
September ......... 23 - j ' 25 .
Mess Pork, per barrel—. ¦
Hay ; .14 82% 14 85 ..
July .. .".14 82% 14 95'
I>ard t per 100 pounds —
Mav :........ 8 00 • 8 02%
July, .......:.. 7 92% it 97%.
September ...... .'.'/. 7 92^4 ;' 7 95 ¦¦ • •
¦ ¦ Short Ribs." per 100 pounds— :
May ..;......:...... 8 05 ; • 8 10
July'. .:....;..;....:> 7, 90 i.; '7 9214;
September :.. •-..-¦. .7 87% ; 7 90 >
l.
Low. Close.
. 71% ,72Vi
71% ; 72%
- 60 .51-
• 45% . «»4
;.««4 . '45%
- T8 V28'4
26% - 26%
. 245i . "24%
.I4S2H 14S5--
1482% 14 95.
¦ 8 00 8 00
7 92% 7 95
•;; 7 92%. ; 7,85-
'8 05 8 07Vi
«-;7 S7% 7 92%
¦n.7 85 f .' ' 7 87%
I Last This I
STATIONS. 124 Hours Season. |
I Last
I Season
I
Eureka .... 45.93
Ked Bluff .... 24.21
Sacramento 19.52
Kan Francisco 20.51
Fresno 11.06
Independence 5.85
Ban Luis Obispo 30.85
Los Angeles 0.01 15.58
San Diego 0.01 11.25
i
4S.23
22.51
19.84
18.20
8.47
3.65
17.00
7.54
5. S3
I Last This I
STATIONS. 124 Hours Season. |
I Last
I Season
I
Eureka .... 45.93
Ked Bluff .... 24.21
Sacramento 19.52
Kan Francisco 20.51
Fresno 11.06
Independence 5.85
Ban Luis Obispo 30.85
Los Angeles 0.01 15.58
San Diego 0.01 11.25
i
4S.23
22.51
19.84
18.20
8.47
3.65
17.00
7.54
5. S3
Articles— 'Open. High
"Wheat- No. 2—
May 72% 72%
July :. 72% .72%
¦ Corn Xo. 2 —
May S3 - G3
July ...: -4614. \.4W>
September. 45% 45%
Oata No. 2— '
May ...'. • 28 '28%
July- ................ 26% , 26%
September ......... 23 - j ' 25 .
Mess Pork, per barrel—. ¦
Hay ; .14 82% 14 85 ..
July .. .".14 82% 14 95'
I>ard t per 100 pounds —
Mav :........ 8 00 • 8 02%
July, .......:.. 7 92% it 97%.
September ...... .'.'/. 7 92^4 ;' 7 95 ¦¦ • •
¦ ¦ Short Ribs." per 100 pounds— :
May ..;......:...... 8 05 ; • 8 10
July'. .:....;..;....:> 7, 90 i.; '7 9214;
September :.. •-..-¦. .7 87% ; 7 90 >
l.
Low. Close.
. 71% ,72Vi
71% ; 72%
- 60 .51-
• 45% . «»4
;.««4 . '45%
- T8 V28'4
26% - 26%
. 245i . "24%
.I4S2H 14S5--
1482% 14 95.
¦ 8 00 8 00
7 92% 7 95
•;; 7 92%. ; 7,85-
'8 05 8 07Vi
«-;7 S7% 7 92%
¦n.7 85 f .' ' 7 87%
AUCTION SALES
AUCTIONBBRS' SALE
fc* >T £fc
GRAND ARCADB HOBSB MAKEET. J27
8DCTH STREEIT,
WEDNESDAY. May 3. at 11 a. m:
"We will sell a lot of horses and mares; also 20
Bet of NEW HARNESS.
All horses must be aa represented or money
reTunded.
SPLUVAN & DOYLE, Annctloneei*.
£* -AUCTION [SALE OF 35 HORSES.
JUST ARRIVED. HANDSOME BAT AND
BLACK TEAMS; ALSO DRAFT AND DRI-
VERS. 1H0 Folsom St.. April 30, at 11 a. m.A petition requesting 1 the board to ap->
pronriate In next year's tax lew the sum
of $50,000 toward the acquisition of lands
for St. Mary's square was referred to the
Finance Committee. The petition is
signed . by Archbishop Rlordan. the St.
Marv's Square Association by George D.
Shadburne. president, and the Paullst
fathers, by Rev. M. P. Smith.
The ordinance allawing the Auditor to
appoint ten extra clerks for thirty days
was passed to print.
The City Attorney was asked for an
opinion as to whether the Southern Pacific
Company has a right to fence off St.
Mary's avenue along its right of way and
whether the old San Jose road Is an open
thoroughfare at that point; also whether
the clause in the new pound ordinance
making it unlawful to herd, stake or tie.
animals on any unfenced lot Is valid; also
as to the legality of publishing the de
linquent tax list in a newspaper other
than the Evening: Post, the official news
paper of the city. :
The ordinance restricting the establish
ment of tanneries, carpet beatine works
and shoddy mills to certain defined dis
tricts was referred to the Joint Committee*
on Fire and Streets for remodeling.
Opinions Asked of City Attorney.
The ordinance providing for the regu
lation and control of the storage of crude
petroleum, oils and explosives was re
committed to the Fire Committee.
The amended ordinance limiting the
height of fireproof buildings to 145 feet
on streets 100 feet wide and over and to
120 feet on streets less than 100 feet In
width, and non-fireproof buildings to lift
feet limit for seven stories and eighty
two feet for five stories was passed to
print. McCarthy's motion to remove the
limitation on the height of fireproof
buildings was defeated. -
Comte objected to the passage of a reso
lution authorizing: the payment of IIS to
R. Powell as juror's fees in criminal cases.
with the understanding that the Audi
for refuse to audit the demand so that
the validity of the State law can be test
ed. -There is $30,000 or $40,000 involved In
the matter and Comte's motion to post
pone indefinitely was carried. ...
Numerously signed petitions were filed
and referred to the proper committees. The
residents of the University Mound and
Bay View districts petitioned for twentv
two arc lights In that location. Citizens
also petitioned that the sum of $15,000 bo
expended to improve San Bruno avenue:
also for the extension of the boulevard
system of illumination to cover the full
length of Market street from the ferrlea
to Seventeenth street: also for the erec
tion of lights along Fillmore street: also
from the Polk Street Improvement Club
for tha repavement of Polk street.
Want More Arc lights.
- There was ro discussion on the bill, but
when the vote was taken only nine Super
visors were registered in favor of the pro
posed franchise, and three— McCarthy.
Reed and Sanderson — against it. Braun
hart gave notice of reconsideration and a
vote was taken to take it up Immediately
under the suspension of the rule3. but lh»
Mayor discovered a clause in the charter
which requires twenty-four hours to
elapse before a motion to reconsider can
be taken up, so the matter was laid over.
Supervisor Connor opposed the ordin
ance fixing: the amount of the bonds of
employes under the Board of Public
Works. He deprecated the exaction of a
bond from* janitors who earn only 12 per
day. He favored postponement of con
sideration to await the action of ths
Hnance committee regarding 1 the proposed
increase in Janitors" salaries. Braunhart
suggested a reduction to a nominal sum
of bonds exacted from laborers. The
board then proceeded to adopt the ordin
ance by reducing . bonds of firemen from
$500 to $100, and elevator men from $1000
to $100, but when others were being re
duced the members called a halt when
they were Informed that many tons of
coal had disappeared from the City Hall
basement and the matter went over one
week for further inquiry.
The ordinance granting th« Bay and
Coast Railway Company permission to
conduct its tracks alone certain streets
so as to be afforded an/entrance Into tn«
city at Twenty-fourth and Illinois streets,
was defeated by the Board of Supervisor*
yesterday.r
Much Debate Over Exaction
of Bonds From City
Employes.
Ordinance Granting the
Right to Enter City
Defeated.
NO FRANCHISE
FOR COAST ROAD
Cathedral Council. No. 59, T. M. I., has
completed all arrangements for its picnic
at Sunset ' Park, Santa Cruz Mountains,
on Thursday. May 9. A programme of
vocal and instrumental music will be ren
dered in the pavilion on the grounds by
Harry "Wood Brown. Hazel Callaghan.
Lillian Quinn and A. Artlgues, Albert
Quatman and John D. Mahoney.
Cathedral Council Picnic.
TO TALK OF IMPROVEMENTS.— The Fed
eration of Improvement Clubs of "Western San'
Francisco will hold a public meeting in Sara
toga Kail ' to-night, when matters of Impor
tance to tfce municipality will be discussed.
Demands, However, That Spe
cial Counsel R. Y.- Hayne
Be Dismissed.
Oaklaiid Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 6.
The offer of William J. Dingee, president
of 'the Contra Costa Water Company, to
rebate bills against the, city that funds
may be found with which to keep open
the high school was renewed to-night to
the City Council in an amended form.
The chief feature of the proposition as
amended in a resolution presented by
Councilman C. A. Bon was to dismiss Spe
cial Counsel Robert Y. Hayne, who has
had charge of the city's fight in the water
rate litigation, and to 'throw all further
prosecution of the litigation into the
hands of City Attorney Johnson. , -
As Dinpree's offer reads, the Contra
Costa Water Company is now willing to
take. as payment for the year in full ten
months' bill against the city, computed on
the \iater rates now in litigation, instead
of the rates upon which the company has
been collecting' from private consumers,
namely, the rates under the ordinance of
1S9S. .
The tender provides that the water com
pany does- not waive any of its legal
•rights or the claims it has presented at
the trial, and it is further provided thai
the remitted water bills for May and June
be used to keep open the high schools un
til the close of the term.
f Must Keep Schools Opan.
The resolution also requires that, the
Council shall provide money enough in
the next tax levy to keep open the schools
the full term and calls for the appoint
ment of a joint committee of the Council
and the Board of Education to determine
the amount necessary for that purpose.
The resolution opens with a lengthy re
cital of the present conditions touching
high school affairs, and then reads as loi
lows:
"Whereas. This Council feels that It Is its
duty to adopt all lawful and rightful measures
to keep the schools open and isecure tho pay
ment of the salaries of the teachers wltnout
compromising the rights of the municipality or
further crippling the usefulness of the other
departments of the city; and whereas, the
Council Is credibly informed and believes that
William J. Dingee, president of the Contra
Costa Water Company, has offered and Is will
ing to accept the amount of ten months' bills
computed on the 1900 ordinance, without waiv
ing any of the legal rights. of his company or
surrendering any of the claims It has pre
sented in the pending litigation, provided that
the sum embraced in the remitted water bills
for May and June, 1901; be ', used to maintain
and keep open the Central and High schools.
Therefore be It • . . ¦
Demands Dismissal of Hayne.
Resolved. That the City Council of Oakland
do hereby dismiss Robert Y. Hayne as special
counsel for the city of Oakland In the suit
brought by the Contra Costa Water Company
to annul the ordinance fixing water rates for
the year 1900-1901 and do hereby dispense, from
date of the passage of this resolution, with
the legal services of the said Robert Y. Hayno
from further connection with said litigation;
and be It further
Resolved. That the further conduct of said
litigation be placed in the hands of City At
torney James A. Johnson and his legally con
stituted assistant, with Instructions to prose
cute the same to a successful conclusion, if
possible, and take all proper and legal steps
to maintain the city's rights in the fullest sense
and establish the legality of the ordinance fix-
Ing water rates adopted April 26, 1900; and be it
further • .
Confer With. Dingee.
Resolved, That City Attorney Johnson be
further Instructed to- confer with the officers
of the Contra Coeta Water Company to effect
some arrangement whereby the offer of Presi
dent Dingee may be accepted and the money
allotted for the payment of the water bills dur
ing the months of .May and June be imme
diately made available for the maintenance of
the High School and Central School, provided
such arrangement expressly stipulates for the
preservation ' of all the city's legal rights in
the pencing litigation, and in no wise com
promises the standing of the. municipality be
fore the courts In the case now at bar; and
be It further
Resolved, That this Council will In the next
tax levy make amole provision for the main
tenance of the schools for the full term en-
Buing in order to prevent a recurrence of the
embarrassing and scandalous deficits- which
threaten to cripple our educational system and
clve it a bad name for inefficiency and in
feriority abroad, and be it further
Rftsolved, That a committee of seven, com
posed as follows, be appointed and empowered
to confer with each other and the representa
tives of the water company to effect some ar
rangement pursuant to the resolutions herein
above and to agree upon the necessary amount
of the funds required by the school department
for the ensuing year: City Attorney James A.
Johnson; from the Council— President Louts
Sehafrer, J. S. Wixson, A. W. Bishop; from'
the Board of Education— John D.- Isaacs. J. W.
Evans, Dr. Myra Knox. • .
The resolution was referred to the Aud
iting and Finance. Committee without any
speeches. ¦ •
Subscription Scheme Fails.
The Board of Education to-nfght heard
reports from Superintendent of Schools
MeClymonds and Director Fred L. But-
Water Company Again
Offers to Rebate Its
Bills.
PLAN TO KEEP
SCHOOLS OPEN
DEATH ENDS THE CAREER
OF AN ABLE FINANCIER
P4. K, Masten, Pioneer RailroadiQfficial, Succumbs
to the Inevitable at ah Advanced/ Age.
CONTEST FOR THE GUARDIANSHIP
OF PRETTY KATHLYNNE COLEMAN
Court Holds That Recent Marriage of Child's Mother to Ed Smith
in Reno Is Invalid— Habeas Corpus Writ Discharged.
"NOBBY" CLARKE . FILES ANOTHER
SUIT.— Alfred Clarke brought, suit yesterday in
the United States ¦ District Court against - the
Board of Police Commissioners to recover $1000
damages and costs for refusing to reinstate
him on the police force. . . •
Joe Hill v*. .Jockey Bennett. 110 pounds, 4
rounds; Frank Jones vs: Jim Ford. 125 pounds.
4 rounds: Ed Long vs. Billy McDonald. 135
pounds, 4 rounds; Young. Moffatt va. . Jack
Evans. 135 pounds, i rounds; Reddy Kelly vs.
Ted Wolff. -125 pounds, 4 rounds; Nobby Otts
vs. Pete Coleman. . . -
AMATETTRS WILL BOX
FOIL FINE TROPHIES
Athletic Youths Matched to Battle
Before the San Francisco
Atnletic Club.
One of the best programmes ever ar
ranged by Matchmaker Alec Greggains
of the San Francisco Athletic Club will
be -presented' in' the gymnasium of the
club on Thursday evening. "Billy" Snail
ham, the champion bantam boxer of the
coast, will go four rounds with "Kid"
Parker, a youth who has been defeating
many lads in* his class. Young "Kid"
McFadden. brother of the redoubtable
pugilist, is scheduled to box four rounds
with E. C. Edwards. Following 13 the
rest of the card: •
OLD MAN ASPHYXIATED.— Edward Mc-
Laughlln, a laborer. 70 years old, was found
dead in bed yesterday morning with, the-ke>
of the gas fixture turned partly on. The old
man was an inmate of St.- Mary's Home' and
had been under j the influence of liquor on the
preceding night. • - . ' . <
NK. MASTEN died at his homo
at 2218 Clay street last night.
He had lived more than the
3 three score and .. ten years al
lotted to man and his ending'
was such , as befitted the closing of an
honored career. ... i ..." - .
Four days ago Mr. Masten was in the
enjoyment of good health. He contracted
a severe cold, which finally affected his
heart. His constitution was greatly weak
ened by old age. and though every effort
to prolong life was made by his physi-
ton to the effect that the public subscrip
tion scheme to raise funds for the high
school was practically a failure. Parents
of pupils had subscribed $1150 and the pub
lic generally $600. Director Button said:
"In spite of this darkness we can see
a little dawn. I am informed that the
City Council has in mind a plan by which
the stringency may be relieved."
Pursuant to a conference with the Coun
cil a joint committee from both bodies
was appointed to-night to meet to-morrow
evening to discuss the high school. deficit.
The committees are as follows: .From the
Council— Councllmen Dornin. Bon.- Bishop.
From the Board of Education— President.
Redington, Button. Isaacs. :
The Board of Education and the Council,
will meet Wednesday night to formally
taice action upon such plans as may be
formulated. > .
It is - estimated that the Dingee offer
will leave enough money to run the high
schools, giving the water company a cut
of about 25 per cent on its claims, none
of which have been paid during the fiscal
year because they were made out under
the old ordinance, and not the one which
the company is contesting. : .
Master Plumbers Convi
LOS ANGELES,. May 6.— Th^ first an
nual convention of the State Master
Plumbers'- Association began I its three
days'- session- in this city to-day. • .At 4
o'clock, a reception to the visiting dele
gates was tendered by the members of the
local association.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Schr ' Guide, 6>4 days from Grays • Harbor
Schr Bessie K, Peterson, 56 hours from Coo»
Bay. ¦ - — • - • ¦ . .' --
SAILED. r -,>^
. Monday, May 6.
Stmr Progreeo, Monroe, — . .
COUNCIL OF JEWISH
WOMEN IN SESSION
The Council of Jewish Women held
its first annual meeting yesterday aft
ternccn in the Sunday-school rooms of the
Temple Emanu-Kl. Reports were sub
mitted and officers for the ensuing year
elected.
The reports showed the society to be in
a flourishing condition financially, and
that each of the various branches was
also prospering. Following is the list of
officers elected:
After the election of officers there was
Borne music, after which refreshments
were served.
President, Mrs. Max C. Sloss; vice president,
Mrs. Andrew Davis: treasurer, Mrs. S. M.
Marks: recording secretary. Miss Evelyn K.
Aronson; corresponding secretary. Mips Mamie
VoorEanKer: directors— Mrs. Sip Schloss; Miss
R. A bell, Mrs. Isaac Frohman, Mrs. N. B.
Greensfelder. Mrs. Moses Heller, Miss Miriam
Levy, Mrs. M. JV Brandenstein, Mrs. M. Grad
wohl. Miss Jessica Peixotto. Mrs. Clarence R.
Walter, Mrs. M.' Esberg and Miss H. Lezynsky.
the refuge of countless wearied and
thirsty denizens of "the line." Glnn's
place became famous as the headquarters
of all the rounders and bon vivants from
this side of the bay.
Convivial habits and a generosity that
knew no bounds finally separated Ginn
from his worldly possessions and he be
came a victim of consumption and prac
tically a wanderer. Three weeks ago he
went to the hospital. The signet of the
destroyer was then upon him, but he
wrote cheerful letters to his friends and
expected to be back among them withm a
few weeks. Ten days ago he began to
sink, and the end came peacefully Friday
night.
Yesterday afternoon a little company of
former boon companions gathered around
his coffin and followed It to his last rest
ing place. Handsome floral tributes were
sent by old friends. One from an actress
r.ow performing: at a local theater held In
immortelles two lines of Dryden's, incor
porated years ago by Ginn into one of his
most popular songs—
For friendship, af. itself a holy tie.
Is made more sacred by adversity.
Ginn had no relatives in San Francisco,
and for many months had not frequented
the resorts where he was wont to go in
happier days, but there was a weeping
concourse at Calvary yesterday to pay a
: last tribute to his memory. ¦¦-'
LATE GEORGE A. GINN, ONCE
POPULAR MINSTREL, WHO
DIED A PAUPER.
An ordinance was introduced yesterday
in the Board of Supervisors by Reed
which is designed to provide for the crea
tion of a Park and Boulevard Commission,
whose duty it will be to plan new parks
and boulevards as the growth of the city
may demand. The ordinance, which waa
referred to the Street Committee, follows-
Section 1. There is hereby created a Park
and Boulevard Commission, consisting- of seven
members, to be appointed by the Mayor. Any
citizen of the city and county of San Fran
cisco shall be eligible to serve as a member
of said commission. The commission shall ex
ist until the report herein provided for shall
have been filed with and accepted by the Beard
of. Supervisors. Vacancies in the commission
shall be filled by the Mayor. It shall be the
duty of the Mayor in appointing said com
mission to select citizens representing the
merchants, the workingmen, the press the
artiets. the professions and the women of San
Francisco. The Commissioners shall receive no
pecuniary reward for their services
Sec* 2. It shall be the duty of the Park and
Boulevard Commission to make a report to
the Board of Supervisors at as early a date
as the completeness of the report wll per
mit of such parks and boulevards as the fu
ture growth of the city and the wants of its
population may demand.
The object of the creation of .'this commission
is to secure by the disinterested and patrlotlo
efforts of the citizens of San Francisco a »en
erous anl comprehensive plan of parka and
boulevards which will render the city attrac
tive and beautiful in the highest degree and
worthy of the great future which the geo
graphical and commercial position of San Fran
cisco seems to promise, and at the same time
provide for places for the poor In the districts
which are now, or which are likely hereafter
to become, congested.
A resolution directing the Hospital and
Health Committee to make a list of the
premises in Chinatown which on a search
ing examination will be found to consti
tute a public nuisance, in order that the
board may direct such premises to be de
stroyed, was adopted. The resolution re
cites that in the recent efforts to clean
the district many houses have been found
to be in such condition that no repairing
can make them sanitary, and they are a
menace to the. health and lives of the peo
ple. . . .
The ordinance establishing certain ree
ulations concerning public and private
sewers was adopted.
The resolution authorizing the payment
of $500 each to Panhandle Appraisers
Kent, Raisch, Martin and Robinson was
finally passed.
The ordinance limiting the height of
buildings used for hospital purposes to
four stories, or sixty feet, and providing
that they shall be built of fireproof mate
rial upon a permit granted by the Board
of Works, was passed to print.
Maria SJaholm was granted permission
to complete a building now in course of
erection at the northeast corner of Powell
and Sutter streets to a height of fifty-five
feet on the Powell street side.
Reed Introduces Bill to
Create a Com
mission.
PLANNING PARKS
AND BOULEVARDS
child's welfare, could be heard in the pro
ceedings for modification. Mrs. Coleman
left the court, leading Kathlynne. Accord
ing to Judge Troutt's ruling Mr. Coleman
is permitted to see the child.
it v.as shown to Mr. Samuels that a mo
tion to ¦•modify the decree could be made,
and the next step will be taken in this di
rection. Mr. Stone presumed that the
grandfather, who is interested in the
A F^d assemblage of men-about-town,
actors ar.ci bohemians, followed aii that
wp.s mortal of George A. Ginn to Calvary
Oenrnc-ry yesterday afternoon from an
uptown undertaking establishment.
. Ginn died Friday night at the City and
County Hospital from consumption, and
the news of his death quickly went the
rounds of hotois. restaurants and theaters,
where he had long been a familiar and
popular character. Probably no man
who ever lived in San Francisco possessed
a more extensive ccquaintance or added
more to the gayety of the town than
George Ginn. Years ago he was the bright
particular star of local amateur theatri
cals and afterward figured In various en
terpris3S, whee hilarity rather than pros
perity was the open sesame.
G5nn had lived in San Francisco since
his boyhood. He was born thirty-eight
years ago at Stockton and was a past
president of Seapoir.t Parlor, Native Sons
of the Golden West. It was chiefly
through his predilection for blackface
comedy that Ginn first attracted atten
tion when he came to this city. Afterward
he attained fame as the author of topical
pongs, one of which. "Darling Mabel
Merle," was sung all over the world fif
teen years ago. when negro minstrelsy
was at its height.
As a member of the old Clipper Min
strels Ginn made a reputation that
eclipsed the performances of any other
amateur in the country, and he ranked
with s=uch knights of the burnt «;ork as
Billy Emerson. Ralph Post, Billy Gilbert
and Charley Pierce, all of whom gradu
ated from the ranks of the Clipper Club
and afterward shone to advantage on the
professional stage.
Ten years ago George Ginn was rich,
handsome and a shining light of the ten
derloin district. A lucky Investment in
real estate at Sausalito made him inde
pendent, and he established there a resort
called the Hunter's Lodge that became
Minstrel's Body Is Fol
lowed -to Calvary by
Sad Throng.
lrg that Mr. Coleman had a place for the
care of the little erirl.
Judge Troutt manifested strong dis!n
cliration to hear the contest. He asked if
the child was in court, and the mother
ACTORS GATHER
AT GINN'S BIER
PRETTY LITTLE GIRL WHO IS AN HEIRESS TO 1100,000. AND FOR THE GUARDIANSHIP OP WHOM A BATTLE
IS BEIXG WAGED BY HER PARENTS BEFORE JUDGE TROUTT, WHO HOLDS MOTHER'S REMARRIAGE
INVALID.
held up Kathlynne to the admiring gaze
of the spectators. The court fancied that
the child should not be taken from the
mother. Mr. Samuels insisted that cus
tody of the little girl should be awarded
to a third party, 1 He contended that the
best of reasons could be shown for such
disposition.
Judge Troutt indicated that questions
involved should be settled by the Supreme
Court. He disposed of the question fio far
as his own court is concerned by ruling
that the remarriage was a violation of the
decree of divorce and was, therefore in
valid. The writ of habeas corpus was dis
charged.
A SKIRMISH preliminary to the
pcneral battle for gtiardlanshlp of
Kathlynne Coleman, a pretty five
year old child, took place In Judge
Troutt's court yesterday after
noon. The little pirl is the child of John
M. and Mabel Coleman. The parents were
divorced February 16, 1901, and six days
r.ftcr the decree the mother married, at
"Ken<\ Ed Smith, an oil operator. Under
ihc will of Mrs. M. A. Burdell, mother of
Mrs. Coleman. the child is a beneficiary to
the extent of $100,000. hence there is more
Own usual interest in the proceedings for
guardianship.
The decree of divorce awarding custody
of the child to Mrs. Coleman contained a
provision that possession should go to the
fMher, provided the mother remarried
within one year after the divorce. As she
did remarry the father set about to gain
possession of Kathlynne, and made a de
monstration of armed force at the Smith
.Umicile. 92G Hyde street. As described in
The Call, he was resisted and arrested.
Fteps were taken for his release on writ
of habeas corpus.
Yesterday when the writ was called in
Judge Troutt's court Maurice V. Samuels,
representing the father, and Leonard
Stone,, speaking for the mother, sparred
for fifteen minutes. Mr. Samuels offered
to prove in two minutes that Mrs. Cole
man had remarried in violation of the de
rree, and thus establish the right of his
client to have and hold Kathlynne. Mr.
Stone maintained that there was no show-
THE gAJ>J JfJiAiNUlSCU UAljIi» TXJESDAY, MAY 7, 1901.
9
WELL-KNOWN RAJLROAD MAN
WHO HAS PASSED AWAY.
Photo ¦ by Taber. -
clans he gradually -weakened until the
end came. ' ,
N. K. Hasten for years was known as
a power In the financial world. He came
to California in 1849 and became known
almost Immediately as a man of. rare
judgment and skill. He became connected
with the Hibernia and Nevada banks and
represented these institutions in many
deals. His connection with the railroads
begun at an early date, and ao valuable
was his advice considered that on many
occasions his judgment was deferred tc
by the late Senator Stanford and C. P.
Huntington.
As financial aprent for the Southern Pa
cific Company Mr. Masten became most
widely known. His skill in judging: the
value of real estate made him an in
valuable agent, - and on numerous occa
sions his acumen enabled the railway
to weather a threatened financial crisis.
Mr. Masten never engaged In politics.
He always evinced a deep interest in mat
ters political, but preferred to- act as a
citizen rather than. as a leader. ¦-¦¦..-¦
GRAPE-NTTS. _^
CRICKET COACH.
Englishman Comments on American
Food. ,^; ;c
The English coach of the Germantown,
Pa.. Cricket Club had an experience with
food worth knowing.
He says: "Wl-.en I came to this country
I was engage i as professional coach. I
had suffered .i long time from constipa-
tion and pains in the lower part of the
back, and after bowling and coaching for
about an hour the pains would be so se-
vere they would nearly draw me to the
ground.
"I tried many remedies without success.
J'inaJly I went on Grape-Xuts Food, using
it for breakfast in place of oatmeal. With-
in three dayfc 1 befjan to feel better. I
liave kept it up regularly and now feel
2ikr a pew man.
"I ran go on and bowl for hours with-
pet a pain. Bowels are as regular as a |
clock and my head is clear and steady.
"I advise its use with all our players."—
J. Caesar, Pro. Coach.
No food on earfh will put a man in fit j
condition as surely and quickly aa Grape-
Kuts. There's a reason. '
woman who hasn't heard of GOLD fti g* fM? S? W ¥ CEls
DUST Washing Powder, but there ' Bi^SS§V «£«^N^ Ul >92aC» fU'*2?fiI*w!9
oiit of house worn. . . . .__ it^. t ' JfJfflF fflKi 6s3 KSi ePe! £v^*1 amTHE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, ; TTJESPAT, MA.Y 7, l?0i;
10
. SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
C»U. ccrner of Market and Third streets: open
watil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
JJRANCH OFFICES— 517 Montgomery etreet
correr Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; oi>en until 9:30 p. m.
€33 McAllister Btreet: open until 9:39 p. m.
«5 Lurkin Etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
JM1 Mission Etreet; <ajen until 10 p. m.
S2C1 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until t p. m.
1C6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
I09« Valencia street: open untl 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turkv etreets: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6. R. A. M., _
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING. May 7. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated tkjf
meeting and R. A. degree. By order 1
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and e
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS <TUES-^*V-
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. T_#N
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary. «tr
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and ¦
A. M-— Officers and members are re- _#\_
spectfullr requested to assemble at Its y£ JC
temple TO-DAY (TUESDAY) at 2 ' r *^
o'clock p. m.. foi the purpose of attending
the funeral obseq\iies of Brother FRANK
WILLIAM ROSSBAGH. By order of the W.
M. ¦ THEO. FROLJCH, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M-. _
321 Eddy «t— Stated meeting THIS J\.
EVENING, 8 o'clock. 7_K
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. f^*
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. m
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) JK
EVENING at 8 o'clock. }_*
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V>
THE Past Chancellors' Association at .
will meet with Myrtle Lodge No. 16, », JMl
K. of P.. THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-3NfC&.
ING, May 7, and assist in conferring j2£aa<-*
Page Rank. All knlphts are Invited.
WILL J. BEATTY, Pres.
C. S. HOFFMAN. Sec. .
CALIFORNIA Council No. tu&Jk!VK<r M "*V
T.?.0. National Union, meets S^3__S=r3W
TO-NIGHT. Elks" Hall. "¦' UgL
Sutter Bt. Initiation, re-
freehments and entertainment Visitors cor-
dially welcomed.
W. A. B. NICHOLSON, President
CHAS. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
A. O. H., DIVISION No. 2-Offieers and
members are requested to attend the T»XW*
funeral of our late brother. PATRICK "OAvl
MOGAN. THIS DAY (TUESDAY), j^fejCt
May 7, at 9 a. m.. at his late resl- r 2~_»'
dence. 181 Randall st.
JOHN KENNY. President
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
LOCALS 66 and 69 of the Carriage and Wagon
Makers' and Local 99. I. B. of B.. will meet
at Pythian Castle, 909 Market Et, TUES-
DAY EVENING, May 7, 190L
m W. W. CLARKE. President.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Fugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market st, San
Francisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 14th day
of May. 1901. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
¦will close on Friday, May 3. 1901, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
1 CAN give steady employment to a few active
men and women: rood pay. Apply to JAMES
r. BEVERIDGE. Fresno>Cal.
yrw proposition for photo coupon agents.
•)('iS Market et. room 2.
ADOPTION.
GOOD home open for healthy bey and girl ba-
bies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 8th. Alaroeda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
'ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVTCE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market cor. Stocktn.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery st, S. F.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W*. DAVIDSON, 927 Market et., opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Sureckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BATHS.
RING^jpXaNE, Main 315; he will explain how
to get lovely hot water for baths without ex-
tra expense.
BICYCLES— Fop Sale or Exchange
rn?ST^LASS~t_item~for sale; $2oT 671 How-
ard Et. . • •¦-•¦--. j •--.:'
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GIRLS 6 to 14 years old; English and Span-
ish spoken; country; mother's care. Box
36SL Call office.
2 OR 3 children to board; yard; best care; $10;
near school. 1607 California st.
"1 BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1100; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
bath; very choicest lmslness location; rent
S39, lnveetica.te and make an offer; a. rare
and good chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st. ;
A— $350; RESTAURANT on Howard st; daily
receipts $25: rent $17; erood prices; must be
•old at once. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1200; COR. grocery and bar on California
st; rood business. R. G. WILKE, 26&
Kearny st.
A — $1500; SALOON; most whisky trade;
dally receipts about $25; rent $40; clearing
above $200 per month; location one door off
Market; stock and fixtures invoice price;
owner to leave for Alaska; offer taken for 3
days. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
1750— SALOON; rent $50; location. Pine and
Montgomery sts. ; business clearing above S150
per month. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2G',4
Kearny st. '
A— $1000; SALOON with 9 rooms, surrounded
by factories, warehouses and lumber yards;
lerpe transient trade; rent $40. Call R. G.
WILKE, 16-4 Kearny st.
A— $3000; GROCERY store (without bar) doing
a large and profitable cash business; choicest
location in city. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26 »4 Kearny Bt.
A— $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny Et. ; rent $75; clearing $180 per month;
dally receipts about $60. Call R. G. WILKE,
26*>i Kearny et.
A— $4000: SALOON on Market st; place estab-
lished many years and doing a larre busi-
ness: net rent £135: sickness In family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R G.
WILKE. 26*4 Kearny et.
A— $359; BAKERY, all store trade; good busi-
ness; Ho. 1 location: rent only $30; don't mls3
this. STRAXD & KAISER. 203 Kearny Bt.
A— WE can sell all kinds of business quick
for cash. STP.AND & KAISER. 209 Kearny.
A— $200; BRANCH bakery and delicacy store;
receipts $15 day; -bargain to-day. STRAND
& KAISER. 209 Kearny st.
A— $4200: BUTCHER shop with house and lot
See STRAND & KAISER. 209 Kearny st.
A A A— 1C0 CIGAR stands. 2C0 groceries and bars,
300 candy and icecr«-.;»m .stores, COO restau-
rants. &00 stores of ail kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with tlOO up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO., E38 Market st.
FOR private sale— Some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S
Market et.
$1000— PARTNER wanted in plumbing and gas-
fitting business: well-known business. For
particulars tee McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777V4
Market Et
$123— BOARDING and lodging house: near city.
Mclaughlin & co.. 7~vi Market st
$400— SALOON: north of Market st; bargain.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777% Market st
WOO— SALOON; rare chance for the right tn.m
to acquire a good paying business; guarantee
S200 per month dear of all expenses: cheap
rent: 9 furnished rooms; no better location
In the city. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine.
PARTNER wanted; $5000; gentleman willing
to take active part In management preferred;
profitable business; principals only. Box
3651. Call office.
ICE cream parlor, restaurant, ''saloon milk
ranch, lodging-house; gilt-edge, paying busi-
ness; make offer. Business Board Trade 326
Pine st.
WANTED— Party with $500 cash for Interest
In profitable business: permanent position if
desired; Investigate. Box 3650. Call office.
$35— PHOTOGRAPHIC supplies, consisting of
SxlO plate holders, kits, plates and burnish-
ing Iron; call at once. 825 Mission st.
5750— SALOON located at 616 Sixth st. ; clears
from $150 to $200: proprietor going to Ger-
tnany to settle estate; leaves May 13.
STEAM laundry for sale. Inquire 3546 Twen-
ty-first st: no agent*.
FOR sale— A liquor .etore. 7 rooms in back:
also cellar; In a pood locality: account of
sickness. Address box 3693. Call office.
LARGE and profitable agency for San Fran-
cisco papers in interior, town for sale. Ad-
dress box 3021. Call office. '
A GOOD paving delicacy .and restaurant at 411
Turk st ; no agents. • .
BUSINESS CHANCES Co-tinned.
$1200— STEAM. laundry; long established and do-
Ing large and very profitable business. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny st .
$850— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work; dally receipts $10, to $12; rent $42 60.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny st
$1SOO— GROCERY, fruit and produce store do-
ing a business of $45 per day; full value In
Eight. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
FAKE business propositions not listed by
HORN, SOLOMON & CO. \
$500— CANDY store and ice cream parlors, pay-
ing over $100 per month profit; fixtures alone
cost more than price asked; this is a genuine
bargain and it will pay to- investigate.
HORN. SOLOMON &• CO., 30 Kearny st.
WHOLE or half interest in well-stocked, pay-
Ing drug store on Market st; rent only $65;
good lease; owner leaving city on account of
sickness; a bona fide bargain. HORN. SOLO-
MON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale,
$1400. or owner will sell half Interest to good
business man for $800; will guarantee $180 to
$300 r>er month. HORN, SOLOMON & CO.,
30 Kearny st. ;•- Yr -,
WHOLESALE liquor store; established 11
j'ears; doing a business of $40,000 per year;
books or>en to inspection to reliable parties;
terms If desired; a rare bargain. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$500— GENERAL merchandise store for sale at
a sacrifice: telephone exchange reduces rent
$12. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. SO Kearny.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st: telephone Main 1604.
I HAVE bargains In groceries and bars.* res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Mkt.
RANCHES— Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
$400 — MANUFACTURING business: partner
wanted: duties will be to keep plain accounts
and assist generally in running the business;
profits will average $90 a month to each.
DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market st. ¦¦¦ • /-.
A CITY drug store for $4500; monthly sales
$2000; this business will b#ar closest lnvesti-
gatlon. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. by Call.
BUSINESS proposition; grocery and saloon
doing fine business In central location; also
flat of 5 rooms over grocery store; rent reas-
onable: call and see owner. E. CLEMEN-
SEN, 319S Adeline, Lorln, Cal. ¦.',.;¦: ¦¦.-:
AA— $400: GRAND opportunity for lady or Bent;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room, 23d-ave. station. E. Oakland.
BUTCHER business in country \town averag-
ing $65 per day; property will invoice price.
Address E., 615 Larkin st. ¦'¦' !'^ ~ :
FOR sale— Saloon with first-class fixtures;
house on leased" ground; cheap rent Inquire
at 220 East Ft. .'.-/*¦ ! ;v^
BEFORE you invest another cent study the
plan of the American Exploration Co., 1413
Call building. . r-Zi'-- .
LAUNDRY route for sale at a bargain. Ad-
dress box 3680, Call office. ¦-. /;
FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store. 591
Fourth «t.: no agents. Cr: *
GOOD saloon, near city; bargain. 412 Exam-
iner buildins. • v*.i
FOR sale— Wood and coal yard. Inquire 1685
Howard Et.
FOR sale — Merchants' lunch house. Box 3667,
Call office.
SHOE shop, with or without tools. 427%
Fourth Et.
FOR sale — Carpenter shop, with tools and stock,
at low price. Call after 6 p. m.. at 443 Third.
FOR pale— Good saloon; cheap; proprietor goej
to Germany. Box 373S. Call office.
LODGING-HOPSES F .°, ft ,- SA ? J J?.^
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~" ~ — -~™
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices.
26 rooms; corner; money maker: reduced.. $1400
18 rooms; cor.; good furniture and carpets. 900
100 rooms; one-half cash. bal. 8 per cent.. 1500
34 rooms; rent $130: elegantly furnished;
paying house; good perm, and trans 2650
15 rooms: choice resident part city; ele-
gantly furnished: upright piano; modern;
*ri cash; reduced to l"50
33 rooms; office; clears $100; 2 entrances.. 2000
8-room modern flat; well furnished 45-1
16 rooms: rent $50; mixed furniture 1C0D
B0 rooms; 2 entrances; pood furniture, car-
pets and location; always full; clears
$150 ¦• 3500
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
. -. EST LIST IN TOWN.
8 rooms; well furnished; good location.. $200
9 rooms ; N. Market st. : worth double. . 300
18 rooms; fine corner; must sell: departure. 950 i
46 rooms; corner; down town; select; cash 2000 !
55 rooms; cheap rent; most desirable 2500
102 rooms; best money maker In dtv 5500
118 r. modern house: pood cor.; make offer.
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES.& CO., S38 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN By Call Bid*.
719 Market St.: money to loan; tel. Black 1803.
11 rooms; rent $30: death of owner $100
14 rooms; rent $45; full; paying 700
15 rooms; corner; pay in installments... S30
62 rooms; one-third cash; rent $133 3250
100 rooms: elevator: offices; income $1200.. 6500
27 rooms; velvet carpets; oak and cherry;
a very elegantly furnished house.
23 rooms; rent $50; paying 10(10
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $70 mo.; men.. 900
S3 rooms; a very central house 3600
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st, opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market: only $1600
29 rooms; Van Ness: finely furn.; only... 12C0
22 rooms; rent $45; bis snap 450
20 rooms; Market: rent $50; apartment 700
20 rooms; Eddy; part mortgage: make offer.
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
A HOME, 6 rooms', finely furnished, Including
piano, $225; rent $16. FISHER, 935 Market st.
ATTENTION BUYERS!
Tou may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for It,
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market
LODING-HOUSES. boarding-houses and hotels
to suit every buyer; this office Is licensed: I
am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers; general (satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1., 2, No. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
35 ROOMS, rent $?0; receipts about $200! $830
10 rooms; rent $50; clears $35 per month.... 650
$300— Lodging-house. 14 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays rood profit HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny et.
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Market st
15 rooms $75r-l26 rooms $lfino
10 rooms 300 62 rooms 3200
51 rooms 2R0O 27 rooms 2300
18 rooms SOD 15 rooms 1210
24 rooms - ." 850 18 rooms ....t 1050
18 ROOMS; Mission st. ; rent $60; price $725.
1? rooms; Mason st. : rent $45: price $750.
25 rooms on Howard; rent $80: price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $1500.
IS rooms on Eddy st. ; rent $">S: price $f>30.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth st.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st— A good list
of lodglns-houses.
O'FARRELL, 230— 14-room lodging-house for
sale cheap.
FOR Sale — The furniture of a 7-room lodglng-
]ir>ii5»: rnod location. 1315 Stockton st. ¦
SPIRITUALISM.
C. E. WHEELER answers sealed questions,
reads flowers; business advice: come and in-
vestigate for the good and truth of my work:
circles every evening, 305 Larkin st, corner
McAllister, rooms 87 and 88; developing circle
and class: full explanation; admission 25c;
readings dally. $1, 10 to 4 p. m.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY- ~ '.
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough; Ellls-
st. car: sit. $1-; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
AFTER a severe illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
xvcrld-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
all affairs in life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
i unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., -Wed.. Frl. eve. : letters answered.
Resld. (no Eijrns), 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkln.
MRS. LOUISE S. . DREW, Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14,. 305 Larkin
st: tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
BURNETT; readings, business, marriage,
trouble, etc.; one of the world's • greatest
mediums. 13S2 Market st.
MATERIALIZING seance to-night; wonderful
demonstration. "• of spirit return. ARNOLD
DICKSON, 148 Sixth st.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S convincing test meeting
to-night. 10c. 3250 22d; skeptics Invited; tel.
Blue 954. :
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return'
to-night, 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEGANvholds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.: 10c. 14S Sixth St.. 2d. floor. .
MME. MARQUISE— Business, test medium;
spiritual healer: sittings jlally. 1126 Howard.
EARLE. C22 Geary, st. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings tlally: eeanc<-s Tues.. Thurs. .& Sun.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: also "Wed •
articles read. 10c; readings, 50c, $1. 148 Sixth.
MRS. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister st. room 33; cir-
cles to-day. 2 and 8 p. m.; sittings daily. ¦
C.'.V. MLLER'S materializing trumpet seance
to-night. 8 o'clock, 50c. .1084 .Bush .-st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer;, sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
"clairvoyants.
mme. m. bernards ~
the famous .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and, you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.. .
MRS. DR. F.' CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave.;- rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. VALEEN, removed to 1027V4 Market Bt. •
palmist and life reader, psychic and , mag-
netic healer; cures- disease and habits;
teaches how to Influence people and be: suc-
cessful In love and financial affairs. -
PROF. MOSS cures' you without medicine or
knife; locates disease without -questions; as
a healer, life-reader, palmist, phrenologist,
medium and teacher he has no equal in this
country. Located at 26% Kearny 6t.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, ¦ born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses dlseasewlth life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate; Mme. 'Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
falls; readings, 50c. 8 Hayes st.. nr. Market.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader.
test medium; 25c up. 472Stevenson st. cor. 6th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
.reader. 11 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.-
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant/card reader; ladies
26c; gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy: palmist; card
reader; 25c up: leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER. . clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448V4 Jessie st, bet Sth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
' palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME." RAVENN * reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO.. Carpet-beating Works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2351.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.: telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
CAPE NO3IE.
PAR^iES^h^vTng~ciairns on Gold Run or Blue
Stone. Port Clarence District, to let on lays
can be accommodated at Cape Nome Ticket
Office. 634 Market st. Apply at once. ••'•'.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chll-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 210. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS. . J
AT"t^ELECTlRo"-I3ENTAL CLINIcTTcTMar^
ket Bt. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-'
flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions , or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice -free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
I EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk st, cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A NEW thing in gold filling; no hammering
as before; absolutely no pain; call Inves-
tigate; examinations free. Ideal Dental Co..
6 Eddy St., rooms 44 and 32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c: plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
SlEr of teeth without plate. DR. II. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. .•¦<v':,
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mlllnery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL. r^ rrnj
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guage*. telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; ¦ day
& night sessions- new 80-page catalogue free.
PRIVATE instruction in the English branch-
es by teacher with several years' successful
experience? terms low. 19 Glen. Park ave.,
near Howard and Twelfth sts.; tel. How-
ard 2455.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. 1 $30; Individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
¦ school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan, or any
Stanford professor. Phelan
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract and
can^therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Xalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeptnpr and the
Gregg shorthand costs ¦ only - $60. San • Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market- ct .
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
-- Parrott bldg. ;' Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. ' 1008 Mission st •
WANTED" — A few pupils In all • branches in
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
60c. Box E, Call office.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.'
SPANISH lessons given by a . native . Spanish
teacher. 613 McAllister st.
E3 *r£2X2!U5£3! OFFICES>
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co., 24 '. Montgomery
ave., tel. John 14S1, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty ¦ of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.*-.
JAPANESE Employment office and House-
cleaning Co..- best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nrl Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and. Chinese help. of all kinds;
cooks, ¦ waiters and , house servants. GEO
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135. ' : V
A. BALDASSI & CO.; 206 Montgomery ave.—"
French, American and Italian help supplied.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter ; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central : housecleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of<-
flce; all, kinds help. 315 Stockton ;¦ Main- 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 41U£ O'Farrell et: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS French ". cook '.desires . situa-
tion ; references. MISS , CULLEN,' 325 : Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS -Swedish cook desires situa-
• ¦ tlon::. best: city references. MISS 1 CULLEN
325 Sutter st. '"XTttgJKftfvtm -
RE&PONSIBLE party, will take charge of house
during owner's absence.. Box 3633, Call -'office.'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—^FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS French cook wishes situation in
American family; city or country. Box 3647,
Call office, v : .,.'¦¦ -*¦¦--.
A YOUNG French girl from the East wants
situation as a. nursegiri; good sewer; first-
class references. Address 324 Bush st, the
Elmer.* ~ '¦-¦'¦¦
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, a position
•of trust; would assist in general . housework.
.', Box 3634.. Call office. . ..:.'.. . -:?/¦>'
SITUATION wanted by 2 Eastern colored 'wo.
men; one as cook and second girl. Call at 453
; Jessie st. fiear Fourth. .- .• . ' .-
LADY wishes situation as maid for _grown
young lady; also to do sewing. Box 3649. Call.
GERMAN woman wishes to take in washing at
her home. Box 3632, Call office. , -. -¦-.? ,- ¦ v
SITUATION wanted ' by Canadian Protestant
woman in private family; good. cook. Call
1503 Market st . --¦ . '^ :.'¦¦-:¦¦••'-'
WOMAN wants work by. the day; house clean-
ine-. . 359 Jessie st. '
A GERMAN woman with a child wishes posi-
tion; cook or housekeeper; , no triflers. 107
: . Turk st., room 112. ¦ ' •*"'¦
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook, wants sit-
uation to do plain cooking; no objection to the
country. Cook, 111 Geary st. ¦ -' ' ¦- ¦-. -¦'
A NEAT, competent young girl desires situa-
tion, general housework: is a nice, plain cook;
city or country; wages $20 to $25. Please call
216 Minna st.. near Third; no postals. . ¦
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation;
housework, washing or mind children. In-
. quire at 77 Natoma st ~ . . -.
FIRST-CLASS -references; young woman (29)
wishes housework in the country for the sum-
mer, where she can have 13-year-old girl with
her; decent treatment more an object than
wages. Box 3694, Call office. ',: .;/¦
A RELIABLE woman wishes a situation; is a
good cook and will do general housework; city
or country; no postal cards answered. ., 10
Stockton place, off Grant ave.< " » ¦
A COMPETENT woman wishes care of room-
ing house; city or country. Box 2232, Call
office, ¦ Oakland. , -"' " • ' .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and.
subscriptions has been established . at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ " • ¦ ¦ ' - |
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
A YOUNG man, wishes position in grocery,
commission house or fruit stand; not afraid,
of work. Address box 3091, Call office.
YOUNG, man want3 position as butler In city
or country. Box 3699. Call office.
A YOUNG man would like to have a position as
porter in a country hotel. Box 3699, ¦ Call.
YOUNG man with four years' experience as
shipping clerk seeks position at any kind of
clerical work; best of references. Box 3853,
Call office. ' ' '
GARDENER— First-class ornamental gardener
wants situation; good propagator; references.
Gardener, box 3661. Call ofnee.
SITUATION wanted as watchman or overseer
by middle-aged man; expert shot; sixteen
years'. military training; first-class references.
Addresa box 3697. Call office. ¦"
AN experienced engineer In erection and opera-
tion of large pumping plants desires engage-
ment after May 15. Address box 3664, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position or any kind In a
wholesale or retail house. Box 3666, Call office.
SOBER youth of 20. 4 years' experience, wants
position in drugstore: good references; will-
ing to work for board and room till ability
. demonstrated. Address F. G. BAKER. Los
Banos. Cal. ¦ : ..
NEAT, energetic young man desires ' position
as salesman In some well established busi-
ness house, where faithful service may even-
tually be rewarded with promotion. Addresa
OSCAR A. GARDELL. box 3019, Call. > ',r'
YOUNG man (German) would like position as
bartender: city or country; best' of refer-
ences. Address box 3695, Call office. .
ELDERLY man, sober and reliable (a.Cath-
' olic). would take charge of a decent rooming
house or small grocery In owner's absence
or may buy; references given; reasonable
wages expected.' .Box 3018. Call office.
WANTED— A position as gardeier on private
place or residence;! many years* experience;
steady and sober man. Please address or call
13C9 Stockton st. . -
ELDERLT man wishes work: tend horses and
cows and make himself useful about place:'
willing to work for small wages; city or
country; references If required. 278 Natoma;
STEADY man wants a few hours' work each
day am employed part of the day. Box
3668. Call office. -
MAN and wife, with their own help, wish to
do the work and take charge. of. a ranch;
good references. J.- D., 144 Juniper st
CIVIL engineer wishes to do work at home;
understands all lines of engineering and arch-
itecture: reasonable prices; quick work. Ad-
dress 1033 Union st. " ,
WANTED— A chance to go to Alaska to work
In the mines with fare prepaid.- Address
FRANK CROFAUGH, Mountain View, Cal.
ENGINEER wishes situation; has a license..
Address box 3657, Call office. ~
YOUNG man, 10 years' experience dry goods,
all departments; Al reference.. Box 3094, Call.
JAPANESE' boy wants position In family as
waiter and housework or plain cook. HENRY,
1606 Jones st. ¦
WANTED— By Japanese young boy a position
as office boy or In a store. IMAI. 725 Geary.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements- and
subscriptions • has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ • . "
EXCHANGE. f^^^
FOR exchange— A good bicycle for barytone
horn. 260 Stevenson st. ' :-*¦<
>r FLATS TO LET. . '
$22 50— 8-ROOM upper flat.
No. 715 Castro st, near Twentieth.
$27 50 to $30— New upper flat, six rooms, cor. ,
,¦ 18th and Hartford sts.. near. Castro.
6-ROOM flat, furnished or unfurnished, with
bath, garden; no small children. 1131 McAl-
llster'st.
FLAT, 7 rooms. STORE; living rooms; modern.
' 3S08 Seventeenth st. cor Sanchez. ¦
UPPER sunny flat, 3 rooms, kitchen, bath.
Inoulre 1S45 Geary st. .
ELEGANT new sunny flat, 9 rooms. . 876 Eddy
Et.. near Van Ness ave. * - .'..'.-.'¦
FLAT, 439 Fourth— Sunny bay-window; 7 rooms
and bath; in good order; reasonable rent. ¦
MODERN top flat. -5 clean rooms: warm belt
SSI Capp st, near Twenty- fourth.
SEVEN sunny, rooms; bath. 961 Golden Gate
ave.. opposite Jefferson square; $32 50.' ¦-
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call,. 16 pages,, sent to any address In , the
United States, or Canada one year for $1.
* FLATS TO LET— -Fiiriiisilied.
NEW furnished upper flat. 6 rms.; 2 or 3 mos^;
adults; refsj 1830 Polk st.. before - 1.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. * l ;
4 ROOMS~7urnIshed~Tn oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King . Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves: give us a trial. 1114 Mission. st.
FURNITURE WANTED..
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
1 etc., see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
BEFORE disposing of your ' furniture ' see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st. -
ART goods and fine furniture bought' -Indiana
Auction Co., 117 Sutter : st. ; tel. .James 141.-
AUCTIONEER John Elder.. 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus.,merchandlse,fur.,carpets.,'etc.
IF you want to sell furn.V rndse./ etc., s see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT 773 Mission st, pays highest,
price, for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent.1305 Larkin: tel.Polk 694;
_furniture & furn'd: houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos. ; etc.' 1135 Market st: tel. Jessie 761.
~ . . : HELP : WASTED—FEMALE.
MRS. M. E.- DAT & CO.. .'.Phone Main 1575
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT...........:
- 3 waitresses, ¦ same strictly first-class commer-
cial house $20- 2 waitresses, same country ho-
1 tel, $20; 8 waitresses,' city hotel,; $20; 10 walt-
. ; resses, different country., hotels, $20 and ; $25;
chambermaid to wait, resort, $25. fare paid/ *
see party here: 3 chambermaids, to; wait, z $20.
...FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........:.
* First-class cook, .family of 3.M30; cook for
country, 2 in family, fare paid. $30; houseglrl,
¦ American-family; $25; housesirl on ranch, $20:
¦ many, others.' MRS. M.-E.' DAY & CO.;<333 .
Geary st. j - .' '.••'¦'/. : .'" ' -, .
TWO neat young ladles*as clerks in retail store;
no experience ¦ necessary; $7' a week. ' MRS.
M. E. DAY;&CO.. 335 Geary st. j ' ; <V-- ;
DRESSMAKER . for few ; days' , work. '»' $2 50 : a
day. MRS. : M.' E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady to assist In light. house-
' .work. . 67- vRausch.sf . .' <
HELP . WAWTED-— FEMALE— -Coii:
AT C. R. j HANSEN & CO.'S. . -.104 Geary st
Head waitress, summer resort..'.. ....... ....$4'
2 waitresses, summer resort ........:... — $2(
2 .chambermaids, to wait,- summer resort. .$2!
2 1 waitresses, commercial hotel .9?.
¦ 10 ¦ waitresses, hotels, city. ........*2(
10 waitresses, country, fare paid 7..$£
5 chambermaids, city ............"....$15, $2!
Cleaners, institutions ...................$20. $25
10. fancy Ironers, city ....$10 weeh
j. ••"•• ;* FAMILY DEPARTMENT-
vv orking housekeeper for six children, , ages
¦from 6 'to 19 years of age, short distance ir
country, see party here, $25.. .- •'.-"•
Housegirls, second girls,, cooks, all over th«
city and country, best of; wages --.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...... 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 4 cooks. German style, $25, $30;
¦ cook for private family, - sleep ' home, $30; 3
laundresses, city, private families, $25, • $30
and $35; laundress, private family, short dis-
tance country, see lady here, $35; Ironer for
country laundry, $30 . and found ; nurse for 1
child, city ref., $25; 10 second girls, city and
country, $20. $25; second girl, nice American
family, Berkeley, «e party here, $25; 10
.waitresses for coffee parlor, $8, $9 week: 40
girll for all kinds of housework,- city and
country, 20, $25, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 316 Sutter st
WANTED— Neat girl to do ¦ second work, help
care 2 grown children, in San Rafael; to go
.to Lake County. for. 5 months; nice American
family. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO^.
316 Sutter st
AN apprentice for dressmaking; also a first-
class waist hand; also an errand girl - for
cloak alteration room. "Apply to Department
• Manager. The Emporium. ,; /
PROTESTANT : girl for general housework,
cooklngi small washing; wages $15. 432 Fair
Oaks St., near Twenty-sixth. '¦ ;
HOUSEWORK girl, Oakdale, $30; chamber-
¦' maid and laundress, $30; cook same place;
a woman to assist in a boarding-house, Shas-
ta County, $20, fare paid; cook, restaurant,
$8 per week; cook, workingmen's hotel, $30.
_ MISS CULLEN. ' . » ¦
DIGNIFIED business woman to travel ,for
wholesale house: no canvassing; salary, and
: expenses. Box 3020, ' Call office. v '
GOOD woman' to run small lodging house and
take outside boarders; • fine chance; must
have $325. LUNDIN & CO., 906 Market st.
WANTED— Young lady stenographer for in-
surance office. Address in own handwriting,
¦ stating experience, . box 3648, Call office. ¦
WANTED— A girl to do cooking and a little
housework; references required. Call at 2112
Vallejo st. Tuesday and Wednesday morning.
AA— IRONERS wanted on "ladles' underwear.
723 Market St., room 35. ¦ ,
GIRL for general housework. Apply forenooni
2643 Bryant st, near Twenty-fifth. . .
SEWERS wanted on ladles' wash overskirts
to take work home. 723 Market st, r. 35.
NEAT young girl to care for two children;
references ; wages $12. 1714 Geary st - •
WANTED— A German, girl for light second
work, plain Ironing and to help with chll-
dren; wages $20. Apply 1817 California -at.-
WANTED— Experienced salesladies; state age,
experience and . salary expected. - Apply box
3662. Call office. ¦''.-¦•
WANTED— Alteration hands on cloaks and
suits at E. MESSAGER'S. 145 Post st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
132 McAllister, st. ¦ .
SERVANT girl, German or Swedish preferred,
for light housework.' 1053 Market St.. upstairs.
WANTED— Girl to do photpcraphic printing.
¦36 Geary st. room 35. "... ,
SMART dishwasher; call early. 511-513 Bran-
. nan St.. near Fourth. ~ -_^_^
WANTED— Two girls at 1550 Market at'
WANTED— A woman for housework In very
| small family. 2108 Pine st.
' FINISHER on custom coats; steady work;
good pay. 410 Kearny St., room 34.
j YOUNG girl to learn vest making. 632 1 ,i Na-
toma St. ;
YOUNG girl wanted for housework. 902 How-
ard st. ¦ '.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' hair dressers who un-
derstand ventilating preferred. 40 Geary st.
WANTED— Nursegiri; must have experience.
Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. to 1453 Franklin St.
APPRENTICES and errand girls at 692 McAl-
lister st.. in millinery store.
"WANTED— A eirl for light housework. 1515
Grove st., near Baker. Hj
YOUNG lady well versed In mathematics; good
salary to right party; state ability; refer-
ences. Address Mathematic, box 3022, Call.
"WANTED — Operators on custom coats; also
•apprentices, paid while learning. - 1020B Fol-
som St. v
WANTED— First-class operator and finishers
on vests. Kearny St., room 9.
GIRL for general" housework. 100 McAllIs-
ter st. . '¦- ' ¦
PANTS finishers; steady work." 858 Howard st.,
bet. Fourth and Fifth, over handball court.
' WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
about 28 years of age for second work and
attend grown children; must have good refer-
ence; wages $25 per month. Address P. O.
box 196. San Rafael. .__ '
WANTED— A eirl 12 or 14 years old as com-
panion; will be paid by .the month. Call at
2S0O Pacific ave. j^_
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; paid while
learning. , 121 Post st. room 49.
2 WAITRESSES wanted; $S per week. 5 East
street.
WANTED— Girl to do cooking and 'general
housework; good wages. 133 Twelfth st
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
.sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICHELS, 531
Mission st. •¦ - ~
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory. 32ft Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. _^
WANTED— Experienced operators I and finish-
ers on shirts and ladles' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. 535 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators; also learners. G.
W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission st." cor. Second.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on custom vests. 26
Elgin Park, between Herman and 13th sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
' HELP WASTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 1 104 Geary at.
....;. Wanted— 500 men for railroad' work......
Laborers, teamsters, headers men, ; corner
men, -drillers and muckers........; :..::
.-. '.Wages from $175 to $2 50 a day
Free Fare....; Ship Daily.. Free Fare
Engineer and electrician . to take charge of
and keep In repair an alternating plant, com-
pressors and air drills, $60 -to $75 and found,
see boss here; 3 blacksmith*, country shops,
$2 50 to $3. a day; carriage painter, $50 and
board; farmers, milkers, choremen and others.
....."...'..'.HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..:........
Head cook, restaurant, $100; second cooks,
broilers, fryers and night cooks, $30 to $75;
second cook, small resort, $35; third- cook,
springs. $30; porter and .waiter, -country, $40;
• bus ' driver, country hotel, $20; ¦ 2 oystennen,
"$35 and. $45; cake baker, north, $.60 and fare;
20- dishwashers, potwashers, ' vegetable ".. men
and kitchen hands, $25 to $30; 10 hotel and res-
' taurant waiters,, city and country,' $25 to $43;
2 extra dishwashers, country hotel, free fare.
C. R. HANSEN: & CO...'." .104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY. . :': . . Phone Main ~ 584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
>...;.... ....WANT 7. A. M. TO-DAY.. :....
LOS ANGELES & SANTA BARBARA DIV.
...... FREE— FARE ...... FREE— FARE.
... $1 Of flee— Fee— and— No — Other— Expenses ...
;......'....... WE— SHIP— TO-DAY .............
•Carload of laborers for S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work, no experience required; wages $175 and
$2 25 day .........:... FREE— FARE
TEAMSTER— NEW— WORK .:...V..'7
. 10 2-horse teamsters,' 1 year's work $2 day
10 4-horse teamsters, 1 year's work.. ..$2 25 day
3- machine: miners, gold mine, . Nevada Co.,
$97 60, ; see boss at our office, -10 a. m. to-day,
MECHANICAL HELP ; '.......
Carpenter, . Institution. .... ....... .$53 and found
. Blacksmith, foundry. ...:..... r. . $3 50 day
• 2 camp blacksmiths, no shoeing...;.. $65
15 blacksmiths, shops, camps and ranches.:...
............. $3 50 day, $75, $65 and $40 and found
.4 blacksmith helpers... .$52. $40 and $35 and fd
• Woodworker, wagon-maker, carriage painters
............... MISCELLANEOUS •..........'....
•WE : PAY. FARE and i SHIP TO-DAY— Labor-
"; ers, sawmills : and . woods. .:................... $26
• •' 25 crosscut sawyers. « tree fellers, } bark : peel-
ers, etc ..:." ..........$40 and $35
.12 machine and stnsle-hand miners.. .'.:.:.;...
H.T..":.i....;vrr.':r;.T."v..:r.". ....$75 • and found; $60
25 drillers,', city and country.. J60 and $42 and fd
,25 laborers," city work...... "7. .'.'.'. $12 and found
.27 haymakers, run? mowers; etc.. '.'.$26 and $30
25 ¦ butter-makers and milkers.. $37 50. $35, $30
> 10 choremen and boys...... :.'.... S25. $20 and $15
. 2 hostlers, country stable.... ..'..$35 and found
........* BAKERS-COOKS— WAITERS
Cake baker, country shop... .$70
,,40 bakers, different shops..:'.... '.$50, '.$40 and $35
50 cooks, city - and country; :.....
j... ...:......... $50, $40. $12 and $15 week
50 waiters, .city, and country. ...$25,. $3^ and $35
2 boys to deliver ; circulars. .:..... .f. . . r.Tr. :....•
MURRAY; & READY,: 634-636 Clay st...
A— HOTEL : GAZETTE. - 26 Montgomery,' r. 12—
Night clerk, ; country, $40; -experienced man. .-'
JOURNEYMEN .Barbers', International Union—
Free employment; only; recognized union. 9'.7
i ¦ Market . at.,: room : 207. ¦ : I. LESS. ; Secretary.'
TEMPERATE ; young man ' of . good - habits ; to
•travel-, with me In genteel ; business that pays
¦big.. Box -3635.; Call, of flee.. _ - ,
HOUSE • painters wanted ; at 1701 Sutter st.
HF3T.P WA?tTRn--MAI.B— C«"<
. AT CAL..EMP. AG'Cr. 59 3d; phone John 813:
) Railroad men .........: .—Free fan
) Carload oft railroad laborers to-day .. .... ••••
) Free-fare ....'. Free ian
> 20 railroaa"laboVers".!'.'...$l 75 and $2 per daj
> . 10 men for rock crusher...: * 3 T , pe = w
} 20 men for making a fill on Santa Fe «- «
? 10 lumber pliers. country..$35 and »bper mo.
» 6 men to make ties, lie F [« e "H
> 6 men to make posts ....« per h «ndre^
6 men to make pickets $6 per thousand
1 6 milkers ..$35 and. $45 per montt
1 2 good solicitors for country; good salary... .
50 other good situations waiting for competent
persons; come and see for yourself.^
HOTEL baker, country. $45: cake baker, coun-
try, $65; 2 all-round bakers,.' country. *«
; month and $12 week and found; breao. pakff;
$50 and fouad; boy to learn baker's trade. *u
and found and Increase; 2 hotel cooks, $40; res-
; .taurant cook. $12 week; second cook, $70: pot-
washers, dishwashers, waiters and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A MIDDLE-AGED man who knows something
• of gardening, for resort $10 and founds- 2
1 bellboys, city. $10 and found. MRS. M. E.
; DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st. ¦ '"— ¦
WANTED— An elderly business man: roust
write a good hand; wages $10 a month and
' found. Call ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
BOSS barbers, important business to-night.
8:30. at 102 O'Farrell St.; all boss barbers
invited, especially those of the smaller shops;
price lists to be had at meeting. S. HEL-
LER. Secretary Boss Barbers' Protective
Association. , ¦
1 YOUNG man around stable; understand horses:
short distance In country; $15 month and
found. West Wind saloon, northwest corner
Clay and East sts. ¦
WANTED— Boy in office. 16 years: must be
graduate of Grammar School. Union Lum-
ber Company. E. S. RAYNER.
GOOD bedmaker and porter, with references;
wages $25 per month and found. Address
Depot . Hotel, Wadsworth, Nev.
BOY .wanted at BUSBY'S glove factory. 207
Sacramento st.
BOY 15 to 18 years old to attend soda water
fountain. Inquire at 810 Market st.
BARBERS— Good 2-chalr shop at a bargain:
must be sold this week. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis st ¦
A STEADY man with $150 cash can make $30 a
month. Apply at 209 Kearny st. room 1.
A FEW good salesmen for specialty: th!3 week
only; good profits. 508 California st, room 34.
CASHIER for a solid business; pays $230 ma;
must have $1000. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market.
STRAIGHT compositors. 543 Clay st
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
BOY wanted: florist. 240 Kearny st '
A BOY to drive butcher cart; from Western
Addition preferred. 1612 Post st. \
WANTED— A Janitor; married man preferred.
Call to-day from 12 to 2 p. m.. 658 Jessie St.,
above Seventh.
WANTED— Men can make big money selling
tickets to witness launching of battleship
Ohio; good commission. 301 Examiner bldg.
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter; $40. 152 East st.
FIRST-CLASS stable man; used to work in
large stable; must have reference. Apply 205
Davis st, from 10 to 12 o'clock.
A PAINTER wanted; good stage hand. 900
Stockton st. •
WANTED— Dishwasher at 2723 Sutter st
WANTED — A good dishwasher at the Golden
West Hotel, 68-76 Elils st.
MAN to carry advertising sign; elderly man
preferred. 342 Kearny st
PAINTER wanted at 347 Fourth st
CARPENTERS and handy men wanted at
corner Market and Fourteenth sts.
BOY to wait on rooms and make himself gen-
erally useful. Apply 16 Market st.
WANTED— Cook; wages $12. 810 Kearny st
j WANTED— Di3hwasher. 17 Washington st.
BOY to learn trade. Central Iron Works, 151-
153 Beale st. .
WANTED— Bootblack for barber 4 shop. 799
Geary st. - £ " P- '
DISHWASHER; wages $25. Potrero Hotel, Po-
trero.
AN old man or boy to work around restaurant.
Call 1507 Market St. _"___,
OLD-ESTABLISHED barber shop to let; al-
ready equipped. Twenty-fifth and Valencia. •
WANTED — A good cook: also a lunchman;
steady positions and good wages. 17-19 Powell.
WANTED— Bright, honest boy living with par-
ents to work in cigar store. Apply 716 Kearny.
WANTED— Young' man for grocery store. 5904
San Pablo aye.. Golden Gate. Cal. . .---. .
WANTED — A good waiter for private rooms.
105 California Market California Restaurant.
ELEVATOR boy. 29 Stockton st. i
IF you are out of a Job send 5 cents In stamps
for sample of "The Bachelor's Friend"and see
how quick you can make money. J. HAN-
SEN, 2907 Ellis st. Berkeley. *
FIRST-CLASS sober bedmaker wanted; call
at 8 o'clock.. 149 Third st. -.V"*V - .
LUNCH waiter; call early. Pd^W>nd Beach
streets. \- -,¦"-¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBERS— 3-chair outfit for sale cheap. Call
. 435 Jessie st. i
WANTED— A good bedmaker. Dewey House,
32 East st.
WANTED — 'Waxthread machine 'operator.
Trunk Factory, corner Seventeenth and Fol-
som sts.
WANTED-^-Recrults for the marine corps, ' V.
S. Navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
. character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office,- 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
MEN-Our catalogue 'explains how we teach
the. trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture- are
all made to our own order, with a view to
cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 633 Clay st
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
"WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker;
steady employment to right party and first-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal. -
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion. 127 Mason st. restaurant help of al!
kinds; male . and female; register at once;
permanent positions; good pay.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
. runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 larg«
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post. G
A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market st
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys.
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market ' room afc
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 23c
to 50c. y562 Mission *z., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD fc CO.. 27 Geary *t. " ctory or
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st
WANTED— Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post ,t.
WANTED—500 men to, buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st.
AT cash prices for J) per week, men's suits to
order. -.XEUHAUS/& CO.. 115 Kearny st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket-TCO rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry:
CLASSIFIED advertisements and sub^crintlon*
received at Call branch office. 220O FUImore "t?
-S^if? 1^ 8 ! neWS fOr 5 cents -The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tt p»r'vear.
40 HORSES~for\ salefViso* wag^nT" bunie-
I 2 nd A f cade H°™ Marilet
327 Sixth st ; auction sales every w«vin*««£i %7
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. A«"mem? *'
A' HIGH-GRADE rubber tire road watcon and
harness: hanSsome 6-year-old mare- ¦ <£_ D lete
sag'cSi sag* ""<""<>»: ,p*~-*sg ns&
SF, VETERINARY. College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by appiyin- to
M.L.,Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave
ALL kinds of wagons, busies, carts, harness
.etc.. cheap. -EGAN & SON. 2317 Mission st.' '
GOOD business horses , wagon horses, heavy.'-
light, fast pacera and trotters. 721 Howard.
W T^ NT , E £~^° U , nd> Bentle horse; -state price.
AN A No. 1 express. wagon, -single, also light
; camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET. _^
t A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for ctr-
3 cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
I A— CLEAN sunny 3 rooms; pretty front gar-
~ r den; $3. 3672 Sixteenth st. near Market
r APPLY 23 Morris ave.. off Harrison st. bet
¦ 5th and 6th; water free; sunny; 5 rooms; $13.
j $40— HOUSE In Weetern Addition from June l7
I contains 9 rooms, bath, washroom. Par-
1 ticulars W. H. CRIM & CO.. US Mont-
t Eomery st.
HOUSE of. 2 fiats; bay-windows and bath; S
and 6 rooms: lot 26x83. 4059 Nineteenth st.
near Castro.
7 ROOMS, bath, sunny yard: suitable for t
families; $14; water free. 405 Greenwich st.
$10— HOUSE. 3 rooms; yard; water free. 225
Eighth st .
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
TO LET — Modern furnished flat. 6 rooms and
bath, piano, etc., to September 1; cheap.
1330 Grove St., 2 to 4 p. m.
COUNTRY FUKMSHED HOUSES.
FOR rent in Belvedere, desirable modern cor-
tage. 5 rooms, piano. Call or address 2219B
Sutter st. city: phone Pine 2056."
~^ " . LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Saturday, in Emporium.' brown silk um-
brella, with silver handle; marked M. L. H.
Return Information Bureau, Emporium: re-
ward and no questions.
LOST Alcazar Theater. Friday, uncut sap-
phire rlnsr, set with two diamonds. Return
1316 Taylor; reward $20.
LOST— Pocket-book containing papers and bill-
head. Return to 811 Larkin St.; no questions.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of HELEN JAY DU BOIS; No. 199-261.
The finder will . please return to bank.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jewelr. 243 O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
ALL contemplating matrimony send 10 cent*
for "The Wedding Bell." IS Mason st.
MATTRESSES AND UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and pillows; tel. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hatr
cleaned: expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st
MINING AND ASSAYING.
GOLD mine for sale: 10 stamps: paying; price
$4500: half down, terxaa for balance. Address
box 273. Grass Valley. Cal. »
MEDICAL. • ... ¦
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladtes only;
my regulator has no equal: all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the. only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dtf-
\ flcult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
antecd. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Markt
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to gtv»
instant relief for all female complaints - the
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped: no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. U22
Market st. next to Owl Drug Store.
DR. AND. MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market, ladles'
specialists: 32 years' practice; all cases treated.
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless: consultation free.
IMPORTANT notice to ladies— Price reduced
from $10 to $2 50; more to do and less charges:
no. medicine or pills used: 37 years' experi-
ence; in all cases satisfaction guaranteed;
cure In one day. DR. POPPER. 12 Mason
St.. near Market. »
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market St.. nr.
¦ 6th— Expert specialists: well known and reli-
able; 23 yrs. experience: treatment guaranteed
to give instant relief from all female troubles:
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR \VTETH, reliable specialist: 26 yr*.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement 942 Post, bet Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable la-
deis* specialist; best medical care: low fees.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, ensines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
¦ INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
. ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand: we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
on; floor, ready made: we can ship every thintr
"in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 21S Spear st.
A LARGE flre and burglar proof «afe for $350:
cost originally $1000. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.:
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGS-
TON. 538 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bought,
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE.
516 Mission st
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. '$10; dres3 pants* $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Ifbntgomery st.
A NEAT pair srenuine dla* screws for $S;
worth $20. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
GOOD end spring piano box buggy, $25; also
cheap horse. 233 Fulton.
•TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 129 Montgomy.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Elllsst
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 13t Post st
A FIRST-CLASS square piano for $30. UN-
CLE HARRIS. 13 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enelnes and
boilers bought and sold v KROGH MFG Co.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 130 Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new £ 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery st.
SAFES— Xew and "second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES — New and second hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano or or-
! Ban for cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 170«
Market st. ¦
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 Ninth: teV. Folsom 2322.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; da
not borrow of your friends or you will losa
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90S Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
(30 Market st Loans on estates In probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doinsr business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
A GILT-EDGE Investment Is ' offered for a
short time by Smiths' Cash (Dept) Store:
stock paying 10% can be had ' for 130; par
value $100; will advance soon. Write or call
25 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Storo. 846 Market
st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party: no removal: no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room S3.
Al— MONEY loaned. CHASE. 648 Market at.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room gl. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security!
HILL, rm. 14. Merchants', Ex.. 41 California^
CASH loaned on salaries; New Tork plan. THB
TOUSLEY CO.; 321 Parrott building^
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs-. city, country. «%. undl.
vlded ints. : estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
E'EAL direct; furniture." pianos: no removal:
low rate : strictly prlv. Lick. 116 McAllister.
°2 S^l!:^l 3 ,. or wa * es = no lndorser required. 9.
P, DISCOUNT AGENCY, ltf Phelan building.THE SAN FEA}jSi CISCO CALL, TUESDAY,. MAY' 7, r 1901.
11
PIANIST— Gentleman wants room and board In
"private family where practice, will "not dis-
turb; has piano. Box 3663, Call offlce.\ ¦ • ' ¦
SPECIAL - NOTICES.
' We offer to-day, some of the choicest lots in
the city of Alameda, . from . $300 up..: . '
' Houses built on the; installment plan,. $300
down," $20 to $30 per month.' -. .*. " , - • -. -
"- Furnished and unfurnished! houses to let.'
Some choice snaps in bank property; must
be sold within CO -days.. Call and see us.. -.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,'-' *
•/ .... - .2326 Santa Clara i ave.;- Alameda..".
Real Estate.
HAMMOND &' HAMMOND,
SPECIAL, 10 days . only; . S bottles • old Mc-
Brayer whisky for $2, per gal., $3; baskets as-
sorted wines and chamragne from $1 to $3 per
basket; 6000 gals. Fresno port and sherry from
<5c to $1 60 per gal.; 5000 gals, very old-zlnfan-
del. 35c per gal.; imported porter and Pilsner
beer, per case, $10 50,' per doz., $1 75. F. Holt-
; um, Johanneeberg Wine Vault, 617 California.
PICNIC SUPPLIES
°*[ yj^r way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 29 Market St.. for finest wines and
liquors: biggest house: open Sundays. * '
PROPERTY of Two ¦ Estates; .; Immense Bar-
gains. , . . .¦.".-
' ¦ Must be. Sold. • - . .
' 150x207 -feet, with .improvements, on Santa
Clara ave. • ' . - -¦
Four lots, 50x207:6 feet on Santa' Clara ave..
near . Park • st. ; o^fer. wanted. ' -• '•••.:
\E. D. JUDD COMPANY,
, * ¦ . -V i -1424 Park St.; Alameda. U
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collectianaimade;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.', rooms 9-19; tel.--5580.--J. 1 ..-
LADIES— Chichester English . Pennyroyal - Pills
arelthe best; safe, reliable; J take 1 - noV other;
send 4c stamps for particulars," "^'Relief ;for
Ladies"' in letter by . return .mall: fllt'-'drug-
-giBtl. Chichester Chemical Co.;:PhnadeI.,"Pa/
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst;, many who have suffered - 20 to ¦ 30
¦years; over fifty names of ' prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from -business, and no
•salves for sale. Particulars, address Physi-
cian. box 1950, Call office. ,S. F., Cal
PILES-
OFFICE— 11J8 BROADWAY.
PROPERTY WANTED.
ALL kinds bought, : sold and repairing guaran-
teed: Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
SECONDtHAND machines alt makes at al-
i most' any price you want to: pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 1 145 Sixth . st: ; * phone '. Mint 45."
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES*
' V 'C A /i£ rEr t~ Il " :ome Property south of Market ;
$2000 to $10. 000. Bex 3665. Call office.: .
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ALL kinds bought.' sold, rented, exchanged, re-
/ paired; open even.: phone Black 1124. - 205 4th.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
•office Fost and -Powell sts.; tel> Main 5713.' ¦.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES,
$1650 FOR a. $2500 property in East Berkeley;
- 2 blocks from station; 5 rooms and bath; con-
venient to everything; sunny and a.- beautiful
neighborhood: we are instructed to sell. wltM-
out- reserve; $400 cash. ¦ J. S. MYERS &.CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. ,¦;¦.:.•. -h
A ¦ FLAT rental, very low, . or profit-sharing
' warehouse proposition to responsible party
' > who unaerstands the business. SMITH. 25
. Market st. :¦".. " ' ¦ "•• ¦ •'•¦•• ¦ :
A HALF rate will be named for storage, mdse.
. or furniture, by Smiths' Cash Store, 25 Mar-
• ket st:; ins, free; fire proof new building. |
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
. tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. ¦•-". •; .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
' pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281. V
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
! sion st. ; tel.' Mint 1821. F.-W. ZEHFUSS.
$3600 FOR a property originally . costing j $5500;
64. feet frontage; house of 9 rooms and. bath;
barn with • coachman's room ; • private water
supply on premises; water fountain ; shrub-
bery; flowers, etc. ; in fact, an ideal home for
a little money; 10 minutes' walk from busi-
. neBS centers and local trains; terms $800, bal-
. ance bank mortgage; positively must be sold;
. first come, first served. X S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. . -¦;.". : ;::""..¦ .
$2250— ONLY $300 cash; brand-new, latest de-
signed cottage; open -plumbing; latest in
everything; near local station, school, cars :
and business centers; cost $3100 to duplicate;
seeing, is believing; call early. ¦ J. S. MYERS'
"' & CO., 1002 Broadway, Oakland. > . , "- w; !
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. .,
GREAT^bXrGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS-^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange," 536 California;- telephone Main 268.
$25 CASH, $10 monthly— Lot 100x200, fronting on
two streets; lot covered with fruit and shade
. trees; city water; an ideal place for chicken
raising^ finely sheltered; superb soil; -away
'.from fogs and raw- winds; adjoining . East
Oakland; near a fine school and electric car
lines; price $590 all told. Call or send for cir-
cular, 455 Seventh st.,- opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Owner. • . • . \ . . •
$950 WILL buy a good two-story of 8 rooihs; 5
¦ minutes' walk from Broadway station.
GEO. W. AUSTIN &.CO., ' :
• .',... 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
DIVIDEND No. 27 (thirty cents per share) of
the Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co., will • be
payable at ; the of flee of - the - company, 327
Market st.. on and after Friday. May 10,
1901. Transfer books /closed . Friday, May 3,
1901, at 3 o'clock, p. m. , E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary.".* 1 ';' . ' '
DIVIDEND I NOTICES.
$1800— A BANK sale; 9 -rooms.' nearly new,
sunny side, close to San Pablo ave. : forty-
foot lot; near 'Frisco local, station; will ar-
range Installments. to suit. • - •' .
t GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
- • - ; 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$120,000— Vicinity First and Mission sts.;' "one
tenant; long lease; new brick and iron
building; lot 9400 square feet; this beats
bonds or banks. . . . . ;.¦ ,
$80,000— Van Ness ave. corner; 120 ft. Van Ness
ave.;. three frontages; choicest on . the
"»-» ~.« a Y^ nue: Prospective Investors se« this.
$75,000— Corner, block from Powell and Ellis:
two stores .and two .lodging-houses;
never vacant; 60 ft,frontage\ no prop-
erty like this on the market any more;
rent about $400. . • • ¦ • .
$55,000— Post-st. corner, downtown; splendid
.building; 60 ft. front; paying 6 per cent
net. .. . ¦ <
$36,000— Downtown Mission-street bargain; 70
feet front; this Is a rare buy; the largest
.«.. «.« ct t0 be had on Mission street to-day.
$2a,000— Best Improved north of Market St.,
close to" Geary. St." an.d Grant ave.; r /6ur-
Etory and basement brick building; 40
• feet frontage; rent ,$170.
$15,000— Howard Et., near Third; splendid four-
stcry and basement structure; no better
buy to be had in this district; low rents
at $125. • -.,".*
$17,600— Western Addition business property;
v . Btcces and flats on best street; 50 ft. lot;
this is a clean investment; rents $107.
$12,600— Sansome-st. corner, wholesale district;
85 ft. frontage; -rents- $100. . ...
$8,500— McAJlister-st. income property, near
Octavla; two frontages; rents $85 per
month; lot 27:6x120 feet.
. $3,750-0' Farrell st.; three/ houses; lot 45x80
ft.; rents $40; price reduced from $3000;
cannot be beat. : • ¦¦¦¦¦•¦,.: ;
A. M. SPECK & CO*.
• ,667 Market 6ti*et.
Genuine Bargains In Best- Portion- of City.
AJ M. SPECK & CO.. -~~—
;'¦'»' 667 Market street,
.Opposite Kearny street.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
DIVIDEND ¦ NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany : Con.— A dividend (No.' 29) of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capl-
S tal stock of the company has-been declared
payable at the office of the company, 430
California St.. San Francisco, on May 10, 190L
Transfer . books close May 3, 1901. at noon. A.
A. SPARKS. Secretary.
TO LEASE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
RdOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.:
FOLSOM, 525— Large sunny suite front rooms,
light housekeeping, $2 25 weekly.
GOLDEN. GATE ave., 622— Sunny ' bay-window
suites of S' rooms, nicely, fur. ; gas; bath. "
LOVELY HOME. ' '
To lease for | a long term to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality, • in
Santa Cruz County: only half a mile from de-
pot; consisting of about 25 acres of best wine
-grapes and balance best fruit; apples, cher-
ries, plums, etc. ; lovely cottage, furnished:
also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.; also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. I Box
. 3841, Call office. • - - , • :
HOWARD, 513— Rooms, 75c per week. and up-
ward; also housekeeping. ¦ '" ¦
HOWARD, 649— Large front room for house-
.• keeping, with bath. ¦ " ¦¦
LANGTON, 256%— Three nicely furnished sunny
rooms, complete housekeeping; private family.
ONLY two lots now left out of the tract; no
wonder that they sell fast; impossible ever to
get puch a bargain &m this again; the cheap-
est lots in Richmond: it is far cheaper to
. buy one of these lots than to pay rent; think
of it. a lot for $635! On Sixth' avel. and one
on Seventh ave.; same, price near Point Lo-
bos ave.; size 25x120 ft.. -with all the .street
work done; brick sewers in; lots graded with
four lines of cars either passing Or" within a
few steps; the California Title Insurance and
Trust Co. or Simpson & Millar will Issue
certificates that the title is perfect.
Get your home; a general advance In house
rents will take, place about September next;
these lots are close in and' easy of access;
gas, water and electricity ready to turn on;
all of the other lots were sold to prominent
builders and contractors, who are going to
build ; the lots are appraised at $900 each in
the Probate Court.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California Bt..
LARKIN. 716— 2 sunny front funlshed house-
keeping rooms, $14; single, rooms. - ¦ ¦
N ATOM A, 701— Sunny housekeeping rooms; no
children.
NEW AUBURN HOUSE, 334 Third St.— House-
keeping rooms, suitable for family; reference.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
'• Supplies ¦ and " Accounts. Navy . Department,
.Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. May
21. 1901, and pubycly ¦ opened' immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard, Mara
Island. Cal., the dally supply of fresh -beef.
fresh vegetables, fresh bread, biscuit, ice and
provender for the fiscal year ending June 30
1902. . Blank proposals will be furnjshed upon
• application to the Bureau or to the Navy.pay
. Office, San Francisco," Cal. A. S. KENNY,
Paymaster General, U. S. N. 4-22-01. .
PROPOSALS.
SOUTHWEST comer of Pacific ave. and Laur-
el St.; 137:6x127:8; full EO-vara corner lot; un-
obstructable view; must.be sold:, will . take
$15,000. 6C2 California St., room 7.
POLK, 605 — 2 sunny parlors, piano; also 1 room,
gas stoves, running water, bath, gas.
2 FLATS 5 rooms each; south of Market; lot
25x75; rents J24; only $2500; great bargain.
DONNELLY CO., 632 Market st.
POLK, 1620— 3 sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms; bath; $14.
SOUTH. PARK, 190—1 or 2 nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
FINE level lots, near cars. $125, $150 and $200
each: cottages, JSW. $900. $1000 and $1500 each.'
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa st., -Ocean View.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, ' Navy, Department,
Washington* D. C, until 12 o'clock I noon.
May 21. 1901, and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard; Mare
Island; Cal.,- 25,000 pounds of butter and one
250-kllowatt generating set. Blank propos-
als will be furnished upon application to the
I Bureau or to the Navy Pay Office, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. A. S. KENNY, Paymaster Gen-
eral. U. & N. 4-19-OL
FOR sale— Well-constructed, modern residence,
S rooms and bath. In a desirable location
near park: reasonable term6. 660 Mission st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received- at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
TWELFTH, 120—2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; select locality.
TWO-rtorv frame house for sale, to be re-
moved; 1S0S Gough st. Apply between 10 and
1 o'clock.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia st.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
'erniO-room residence, 775 Cole St.; open daily.
ROOMS. TO LET Pnro. and Unfnrn.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel- in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, EOc up: meals 25c; free coach.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Salisbury, bullder.1333 Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $i~per night; $1 25 to *5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.. .
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Tbe Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
TTnlted States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL. ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
CHESTNUT, 266— A large sunny front room;
furnished; double bed; $4 monthly.^
CLEMENTINA, 434%-rLarge furnished room In
private family, $3 a month. - ¦
CLIFFORD, 204 "Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st. —
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FIFTH, 264, cor. Clementina— Neatly furnished
sunny front room; use bath; rent $6 50.
FILBERT, 614 — Furnished room; sunny and
neat; board if desired. - , •¦"
MARRIAGE ':, LICENSES.
. The following 1 marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: .-¦ . \. ,
¦ John H. I Frletsche, 50, 430B Fulton street,
and Rosa ¦ Tachantze, 37, 606% Baker street.
Joseph P. MacCormack, 34, lSlOB Hyde street,
and Lucy A. Keegan, 27, 149 Juniper street.
Firmen C. Ruppert, "30, 646 Folsom street,
and Augustine Tre^on, 20, 913 ! Sacramento st.
Conrad TIecler. : 35. 1749 • Ellis . street, and
Mclita C. Beer, '21, 25S Lexington avenue. ""
Frank Onslow, 31, 119 Third street, and Bes-
sie Bowen, 25, Providence, R. I.
Pletro Ghigliasa, 2S, 547 Berry street, and
Rosa de Bernard!, 23, 547 Berry street. ¦
Charles A. Steohens, 34, . 1969 Kddy street,
and Emily M. Spencer, 27, 2028 Golden Gate
avenue. •-¦ .- , ¦ . ¦ • ... — ¦
Ernest J. Walter, 23, 319 Tehama street, and
Florence M. Denny, 23, 319 Tehama street. •
Will Luscier, . 37, city, and Annie B. Weldon.
28. city. <-- . ' " . :- . •
TREASURY Department, office 'of the Super-
vising Architect. Washington, ' D. C, April
'22, 1901.— Sealed proposals will be received at
this office until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 4th
day of June, 1901, aud then opened, for the
' surgeon's residence at the United States Ma-
. rine- Hospital,' " San Francisco," Cal.; -in ac-
cordance 'With drawing ¦<. and r specification,
copies of which may be had at the discretion
of the Supervising Architect by applying to
this ofHce or to the Custodian of the Station
at San Francisco, Cal.U JAMES KNOX TAY-
LOR, • Supervising-Architect. ':¦
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GUERRERO, 444 — Furnished room; private
family.
HARRISON, SS^i— Fine room, to rent; gentle-
man preferred ;• German family.
MARION - GRIFFIN, Real Estate Agent. 719
Market St.. by- Call bldg. — Free circulars de-
scribing farms for sale all over this State.
BUY in Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion no failure of crops; write us for free
coipy "Napa County Viticulturist." The W.
A MACKINDER CO., St. Helena, Cal.
HATES, 136 — Single sunny, room, suitable for
gentleman; rrnt-$5 50. ¦¦¦.
HOWARD, 1708%— Nicely furnished suite of
sunny rooms; also single; gas; .use bath.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. • WINFIELD, Petaluma," Cal.
"WRITE J. W. HORN, 812 Main; Petaluma, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. .real estate bargains.
HOWARD court, 5 — Furnished rooms, quiet,
for gentlemen. ..... - .
JESSIE, 303, corner Fourth— Nicely furnished
front rooms. -
K WEEK'S newB for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l«p°«« aid »«••» +—* »• i»rrl»* »4
MAN Flt.4N«:iM« «».
, (Main iine,'Foot of Market Street)
LEAVK PROM MAT 5, 1301. — ARRITS
~>3Oa Benlda, Suisun, Elmira, Vatarilla,
Ramsey and sacraiueuto.... 7:55p
7:30a Davis, Woodland, Knights Lauding, ,
MarjiTille, OroiiJle_ 7:35 p
7:30a AtUntic Kxpreas— Ogden and Kut 12:23r
: 7:34>A Fort cosU. Mkrtiuez, Fresno, lUa-
ford, VUslis, FuitertiUe -l:35p
. 8:0" A Martinez, .Sou Ituuiuu, Vallejo. Bapa,
Calist«>gaandSanU Kosa . 0:25p
8:0(»a ISileB, Pleannton, Lirermore, Stock*
ton, Fresao, HinfortL Visali.i,
PorterrUle 7:2-^P
S:SOa Shasta Expreaa— Darts, WUli- ms(for
. - Bartiett Springs), Will, us, Ued
. Bhifl, PorUand... 7:33*
»i3(>a S»n June, Litermore,' Htucktou,
•¦—••-< Iou«, Haeraineuto, Fl* ciitilo,
MMjsviIW.Cbico.ltMlU.tI 4t2Sr
- »:30a Oakdale, Chinese (Yoseaiile). So-
• nor». Carters 4t25r
O:OI»* Hay wards. Nilrs pud W.tj 8Utions. 1 1:33a
0:UOaLos Anfeles Kxpieas — Martinox.
' Tracy, Latlmp, H uoKtoo, Merced
Freauo mini Los Angeles 7:23y
' O-.:u>* V;iI1i-j... Martiuoi -iinl W*y Stations 3:33p
. IUiOUa Th« OvexIauU tJi.iited— Ogdan, Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicago 6:«5f
tl:OOp SacrameutoKiferSLemner*... {3:Oi>.\
S:30p Hay wards, Nile* and Way HUtloua. 7:3»?
4:U«r Ueuicia. Winters, N*ot*mento, "," " ."
Wuoillanil, KulKbU Lauding.
M»rys»ille, Oro»ill» I«:S3a
4iUOp Mnttiuex. - .San JUnion. Vallejo.
¦¦¦¦¦.-- ¦ Napa, (/'ullstuga. Santa Koxa W<33\
4:OOp Nile.*, LiTermore, Stockton. Lodi... 1o>53a
4 tUUr Hsytrards. M lies San .1 use, Lin rmora f t *:53*
3:00p The Owl Limltod— Tracy, Stockton,
Freauo, Bakersfleltl, Hangiis for
Sai.ta Barbara, Los Anxeles Ss33*
StOOp T$ew Orleans Express — Bakeratield.
Los Angeles, D.mirjg, £1 Paso,
NewOrle*ns and East 7:33a
StO»p Yosemite : "7:33a
- 6s«Uf Haywarda. Ulles aud Hau Jobs 7.55*
)O:«>llp Vallojo I ll."»3\
tt.Our Oriental Mail— Ogden. Cheyenne. •
Omaha, Chicigo 12:23p
6:00p Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omabs, Chicago..... 4:29r
7:0Op Oregon aud California ICx press, Hae-
rametitH. Marymillo. KeiMIng,
. 1'ortlxn.l. rilget .HoHml »...'. l^ast StSSA
SiO.ip San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
ami Way Stations 11<39a
t8:05p Vallejo .:..... 7:3Ap
COAST LINE <N«rroif Wauge).
(Foot ol MarketStreet.) .
17:13a Santa Cruz Excursion to danta Cnu
and Princpsl Way StaUons J8:03»
8:13a Ne\7ark.CVtiterTiHe,Maii.)ose,Kpltmi,
Loul.liTCii'els,SaiitaOti«aud Way
Btatloua 5:3»»
taiISp Kewwk, Center»lll«. 8an Jose, Now
' " ¦ Almadeu, Felton, Itoiittler Creek,
Santa Cru* and Principal Way
StaUous fl»:3»A
4U13p Neirark, San Jose, Los Gatos { jioSo v
~~ CREEK ROUTE. FERRY.
framSm FR4S01SC0— r«t «r Hatkd Slwi (Slip 3)—
t7:I5 3:00 11:0Oa.U. 1:03 3:00 5:13r.M.
FrtmOiUlHll— tuXtiituintj.— 1«:00 XSiOQ tS:03
10:00 a.m. 12:C3 2:00 «:C3r.U.
COAST IjINE (Broa.1 Gan K «).
(Thinl :u«l Townsend Sti)
0:I»a Saa Joie and Way stations. *-.d«e
? 7:00a Han Josen.nl Way SUU..IW l:»Op
t7:Ul)A Sunday Excursion for Saa Jcie,
Aant& Cruz. Pacific Grore and .
Principil "Way Stations iSt3©r
'. 0:00a .San Juse, 1'iea Pimm, SniiU «.'rn*,
P«niic Crnfe, ealinia. San Lois
Obispo ami Principal iatirajedUta
SUt»«»iis. ¦islOp
1O::(Oa San Jcse and Way Stations. ?>3«p
/I«i3ui New Almadeii / 5:3Or
I1i3«a .San Jose ami WaySUtlon S.aop
. f»: 1.1 p 3an Mateo, Kedwuoil, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Josa,
Tre« Pinee, S»nU (?ru«, Salinas.
Mouterey aii.t Paeitte GxoTe H •*€».»
- S:3»r San Jose aud Way Stations O::h»a
f4:13r San Josean.t rrincipal Way Stations »!-«»*
|3:00p San Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal
WayStations tO: fl <>*
3:3Op San .low ami Principal Way Stations 8:3ja
•i»»p Bedwood, San Joae. G0rcy. Salinas, -
¦ ,- - .¦ sa:it* BarKmra. Loa Angelea IOsO3a
6:00p Cel Monte, Monterey. Pacific GroTe,
Lompoe lo»o3 A
. 6:30r San Jose and Way Stations j»:«»a
qlli43pSan Jose »ml Way SUtiong 7:30?
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Rmxtar excapted. " t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. / Tuesdays and Fridays.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
,-*¦' i.r.n.- Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
i AND SAN RAFaEI*
WEEK DAYS— 6:53. t:Z». »9:30, ll:C0 «. ra..
12:45, 1:43, 3:15, 4:15. 6:15, *6ll5, «:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vallay and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at '9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :C0, 8:C0. •9:00. 10:00. 11:00. 11:30
». m.. 12:45. *l:30.. 2:3). *3;45. 5:00. 6:00. 7:30 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael San-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27, 7:47, 8:33. 10O5
a. m.. 12:25.' 1:15, 2:20. »3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA : TRIPS . on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS— 6:15, •3:00. 9:45. ni:00 a-'m.. "13
m.. 1:00. S:15. »3:30. 4:30. «5:43. 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
, P *Tra'lns marked (•) start from San Quentta.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 8:43. 7:53, 8:55. 10:30
a. m-. 12:33. 1:43. 2:45. 3!50. 5:10. 5:10 p. m. ~_
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p."m.
SUNDAYS-6:35. 8:00. lOtfS/llrlO a. m.. 1203, -
1:20, 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:13. 7:13. 10:30 p. m.
. • THROUGH TRAINS. . : .'
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta- ¦
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. » '
• 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and , way stations. -
8 a. m." Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
¦ 10:00 " a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ¦ and way
station*. ' . - = ¦• " . ¦ . : ¦ '¦* '
\GHJCiA (GO I
t» LESS ' Aon
THREE DAYS
San Francisco A t 10 A : . m.
[Chicago, Union Pacific
:6r, North-fVestern Line]
- T~\ OlfBLE ; Drctting'T{pom Sloping
I J Cars? Buff st, tmoking and Library
¦*S Cars,vrith barbsr. Dining Cars—
mtals a I* cart*. 'Daily Tourist' Car
Servict ¦¦ and Ptrsonilly Conducted Ex-"
cursions tverv "- wetk ~/rom San Fraiuwo
at 6 p. m. Th* best of everything; .
II.' n. RlTCHiB
617 Market St Qtneral Agent Pacific Oxu*
_PataM Sotet .- &A1T JTBAirCXSCO
ROSS \VALLEY RBAL ESTATE.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny back room sulta-
• ble for 1 or 2 gentlemen, $9. .
MARKET, 1049A— Front rooms, en suite, single;
also other rooms; telephone Howard 108. •"
BORN.
BALBONTIN— In this city. April 24, 1901, to
the wife of 'A. Balbontin, a daughter.
GRAND-In this city, April 26, 1901, to, the
wife -of .Emlle. Grand, a, son.
LOPEZ-^In this city, May 5, " 1901. to the wlfa
of Frank Lcpez, a son., ¦ .. ¦ . ¦ \
TROBOCK— In this city, April 29, 1901, to the
: wife Of B. N. Trobock, a son. : . : ,.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not.be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and: residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MAREIASES— DEATHS.
MINNA, 262, " near 4th— Furnished: front parlor;
suitable for 2 gentlemen; private family.'
FOR SALE— In Ross Valley, 7 minutes' , walk
Irom San Anselmo -station,, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200;
well cultivated. For particulars . Inquire of
J. • I. TAYLOR, . 404 Sansome et. "
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient. :
$160— LOTS in Ross Valley, near San Anselmo
station; 25x160. Apply 976 Jackson Bt, •
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.-Nlcely
i furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 83c a day up.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
; rw;/; married. , ; v
FALKENBERG— JOHANSON —In " !hls ; city,
" May 1, 1901, by the Rev. E. • M* Stensrud,
Fredrick Falkenberg and Margaret Johanson,
both of San Francisco.. -, i -¦ ' .
PILE— BUCKLEY— In this city," May 5, 1901,
at Central Methodist Episcopal Church, by
the Rev. Si D. Hutsinpiller. Charles ¦ I. Pile
and : Grace C. ,. Buckley, both of San Fran-.
CiSCO. •. '.'.•'.-" ¦ " ¦ .•¦' • ¦ " •*>'¦
NINTH, 242C— An elegant - front " bay-window
' for two gentlemen or married couple.-
BERKELEY REAL .ESTATE.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
• offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PERRY, 174— A nicely furnished -' front room,
• suitable for one or .two gentlemen; reason-
- able.- .¦,...- . ¦¦ . . ¦• - ¦ - - .> ••
ROSEDALE House, 819-321 Ellis St.— Roomi,
night, 25o to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent' light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms; per night, 35c to 11 50; week, $2 to 1 '
' $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor; 1
..rooms, with hot and cold water; baths. ' f
SACRAMENTO, 1C03— Nice Bunny furnished
front rooms. ' . .
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth «t.,
near. Market— Furnished or unfurnished;
SIXTH. 242^-FurnIshed rooms to let, suite ' or
single: . also housekeeping-. : •
THE Crocker,. 915 Leaven worth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
$2000— S1C0 CASH, bal. $20 per month; see these
new 5 and 6 room cottaees at Golden Gate,
Ash by gtaAtao;- porcelain' bath,": tiled, sink,
rtatlor.ary tubs, nfgh basemen, fine mantel,
fine gas fixtures; only 1 block to Berkeley
local and electric cars. .W. C. MORAN & CO.
TURK, 126— Sunny, furnished . front room suit-
able fora gentleman. ; . . . ', . *." - : ; ' ¦"
TURK,' 268 (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
\ nished;. modern; board optional. '¦' Phone
South 422. " ' ". :' v ' • • .: • .*;
I' Just a little better
j than an^ other train
—a little better service— -.
a more homelike V
feeling on the
IGALIFORNIA
iJLlMlTEO
H than you find elsewhere,
H and it runs like this
1 LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO
19 an Mon Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun •
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed
t' V^ 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO 1
ON THE I
FE J
CALIFOMIi HORTHWESTEM RY. CO.
. LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH: PACIFIC
'¦:•; RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburoh Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco -to . San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11 :0O a. m.; 12:33,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m.. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and -11:30 p. m. ¦ - : • ¦ '
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30." 1:30.
- 6:00, 6:20 p. m. • \--. _ /: •. .. ,
Su Rafael t« Saa Franclse*.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:»5
and 6:35 p. m. • ¦
SUNDAYS- 8:10. 9.40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
• 5:05. 6:25 p. m.' "--¦¦'. "" •
j Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. . " . ¦ -
Leave - I In Effect . I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ~- • I Sun- j Week
Days. I days. | Destination. I days. | Days.
7-30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 arn 8:40 am
3:30 pra 9:30 am ' Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10pm 5:0OpmlSanta Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
' ¦ ' -'¦ . Fulton, • *
i 7:30 am ' .Windsor. 10:23 am
: •; 5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
.. • . '. Lytton,
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7-30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
7-30 ami I - 10:40 am 10:25 am
, I 8:0O ami Guerneville. 7:35 pm
..3:30 pm] 5:00 pml ' . 6:20 pm
7 - 30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
•and
B :10 pm 5 :00 pm| Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ' . 110:40 am|10:25 am
• 8:30 pm[ 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
- Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultoa
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skagg* Springs: at ..Cloverdalo
for the Geysers: at ¦> Hopland for"- Duncan
Springs, ' Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe. CarJs-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and" Bartiett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. : Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknella,
Sanhedrin • Heights, Hullville, Orr'3 - Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort •Bracf?.-.: West-
port, Usai, Willits, i Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's,/ Dyer. 8cotla
and Eureka. ' ; . - . ' ¦
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ ' ¦ •
¦•• On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael ¦ at half rates.
Ticket Office— «50 Market Street. ' Chronicl*
• ¦ • ' ; . :; I Bulldinff.
. H. *C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN,
• . Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
Satota Fe
Trairis--DaHy.
. '. Leave;Market-Street- Ferry Depot. "
.' ¦ Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
f; Daily. Dally. Dally. Daily.
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:23 a U:4>a 11:05 p 7:25 p
-."..Merced -.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15a
-"'Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35p 3:05a ........
."vHanford.: 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:C6a...
"yVisalia^.. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
i" r Tulare-.*.. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a ........
"¦Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a .:.*..:..
- "Kan. City. ..:..... -2:41 a 7:30 a
t. '.'. ' Chicago » : ;. /. r.V. 2:15p 9:00 p :..
a for morning, p for afternoon. ¦
9:00 a-mi'traln is the California Limited.-
Carrying: Palace . Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago.' Chair. Car runs
:to Bakersfleld • for accommodation of local
• first-class ' passengers. * No second-class
" tickets are honored on . this train.' Corre-
'sponding, train arrives at 5:55 p. . m. daily.
. 4:20 p. m. :is Stockton Local. Correspond-:
Ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily. .
- 8:C0p. m.- Is the Overland Express,- with
¦through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free -.Reclining ; Chair . Car. also Palace
Sleeper, ' which cuts out at Fresno. '• Corre-
' sponding; train arrives at 5:55 ¦ p: m. dally.
h 7:20 . a. to." is Bakersfield Local; stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
: spending train arrives at 8:40 a.m. daily..
: Offices— 641 Market : street " and • in Ferry
; Depot, ¦ > San : Francisco; " 1118 ¦ ' Broadway. -
Oakland.- • - . ¦ ... "-. .... * .\^«
/ ."-¦ '.' - - ' ' ' ' ¦ ¦•('. -." '- : ' " "-' . ". '
/^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
« (% - ai i*g 629 HEARST ST. Established
flRff^BB 1 ' 1 1S54 the treatment nf Private
fuLUnt-'SK? I >isf ' as e''. Lost Manhood. Debility or
Uftjgfftpffcdiwas" wearlngon body and mind and
' Diseases. Tbe Doctorcures wlien
• others fall. Try him.: Charges low.
r J X&LiSsaiffl3<'»r«'« Bruari»atr«-U. Cull or write.
' Dr. 4. F. UIBBOS. San Francisco. Cal. ]
lillciiiliiei
-. • . MRS. 'A. MAAS, Secretary, j • ¦ /
BCHOW-In this city. May 5. ¦ 1901. Magens J.
¦ • M. ' Schow, a ' native of Copenhagen, . Den-
mark, aged 77 : years. ;
IT^Frlends and ; acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the • funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. • P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street. Inter-
ment National Cemetery, Presidio. -
BTAFFORD— In 'this* city, ; May : 5, 1901, at the
residence, 1625 McAllister street. Mary," be-
'¦¦'¦¦ loved ¦ daughter ; of William F. and the ; late
Mary R." Stafford, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 years and 5 rnonths.'^JtMiiafcjBMjIllfVaMj
.'• ty Interment private. • No flowers. ,;
WILLIAMS— In : this city, • May . ! B, 1301, Leo
Francis," beloved son of W. Leo and Blanch
¦ A. Williams.v and ¦ grandson, of Mrs.' A. Fin-
jrer Falrchild,- a native ¦ of • San Francisco,
aged 1 year 11 months and 23 days. ; ¦, ¦ i
and acquaintances . are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend - the ' funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the residence
of the grandmother, 135 - California : avenue,
-•near .Twenty-ninth street. • ¦? Interment - San
v Lorenzo, Alameda County, Cal., by carriage,
11 o' clock creek . boat. 1 :"-; : ' " ' ." -:>:•>::
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully Invited td attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 jo'clock,: from her late resi-
¦ dence, 2721 Twentieth street, between Hamp-
' shire and York, i- Interment Mount . Olivet
, Cemetery ..by carriage.
SAN FRANCISCO Frauen Vereih— To the of-
ficers and members ; of the San -Francisco
Frauen Verein: .You are hereby requested to
assemble • at Druids' Hall;- 413 Sutter street,
this day (Tuesday), .. at < 11:30- o'clock," ¦! to -at-
tend the funeral, of our . late ' member, Mrs.
Albertine- Schinkel.- By order_ _ •
.;,-- .- MRS. G.- GALL. -President.
IE?" Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1213 Webster street, thence to
Holy Cross Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. " ' -. , . ¦
QUINN— In this city. May 6, 1901. ' Michael E.,
¦•beloved husband of Winnifried Quinn, a na-
tive -of County Galway, Ireland; aged 71
years 9 months and 27 days. -
E7Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Wednesday), at 8 :30 _ o' clock, from Jiis late
residence, 213A : Guerrero . street, thence to
Mission Dolores ¦ Church, . where 'a" requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy ' Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. ' ' -
ROSSBACH— In Los Angeles, May 1, , 1901,
' Frank 1 W. Rossbach. ¦ beloved father of Ida
Rossbach. son of Mrs. Herman Rossbach,
and brother of Charles H. Rossbach, a na-
. tive of New York, aged . 44 years 5 months
and 25 days. ¦ ; . . " .- -"_•-- .? ;
cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, . Post : and ' Montgomery • streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Mount Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. ¦ and A. :> M.
SCHINKEL^In this city,' May 4. 1 1901. Alber-
¦ tine, ¦ dearly beloved wife of .Diedrlch'Schin-
' kel, and . mother of Albert; and 1 Willie
. Schinkel, and sister of Mrs. R. Schultze and
William J. Pattoslen and Mrs. J. Emme and
Mrs. H. Fasmers, a native of Bremen, ¦ Ger-
many, aged 37 years 6, months and .• 2 • days.
A member of San . Francisco Frauen Verein
\ and Norddeutscher Frauen Verein.- - , ¦....¦ -.
¦ CT'Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the: parlors, of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
.i'MIsslon street. . , ' ' . .
MURPHY— Tn this city. May 6. 1901, Patrick
1 H-, beloved son of John F. and Maria Mur-
phy, and brother of - Charles . F., Robert . J..
Walter J., Emily F., Genevieve B.; f- Lillian
V.,Edna V., Irene Angelo and the late John
M., Loretta A., Ida J., Maria M." and George
M. Murphy," a native of San Francisco, aged
.15 years 6 months and ' 6 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral .this, day
' (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
- dence,. 2429 Sutter street, thence to St. Doml-
j nic's . Church for prayers. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by carriage. ¦
MURPHY— In this city, May 6, 1901, Elsie J.,
beloveds wife - of John F. Murphy, loving
-• molher • of John Broderick. - and., sister- of
. Charles . H. Rockwell, a native of San Jose.
Cal.. aged 30 years.
• ICT Friends and : acquaintances are respect-
'? fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 181 Randall street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
¦ be celebrated for i the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment ¦ Holy
Cross Cemetery. . . ¦ ,
MULLEN— In this city, May 5, 1901. John
Mullen, . beloved . husband of Margaret Mul-
len, and father of. Edward, James, John and
Maggie Mullen and - Mrs. Shewbridge, Mrs.
Bourke and Mrs. Brecinious, a native of Ire-
land, agred 85 years, r - . :,-; -
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from , his late resi-
R dence.- 2176 Fifteenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church for services at 10 o'clock.
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. •-•. ... .
MASTEN— In this city* May. 6, 190L Nathan
Keese Masten, . beloved father of Edmund C,
Joseph M., Louis C. and Alice H. Masten,
Mrs.F. I. Kendall, Mrs. P. M. Wessel. Mrs.
F. P. Wil3on. Mrs. P. J. Dunne. Mrs. P.
• K. Gordon, " Mrs. ¦ W. F. Perkins and Mrs. E.
C. Ewell, a native of -Troy, N. Y., aged 80
years. 1 -' ¦ ) '¦••* , ".; ... •
C^Friends and i acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
May 9, 1901, at 9:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2218 Clay street.. Interment pri-
¦• vate.. ¦-..". i; .-..*• : ; -
MOGAN— In this city.' May 4," 1901, Patrick,
beloved - husband of •• Margaret Mogan, and
father of Tessle, Mary. Patrick J. and Col-
men Mogan. rand brother • of Matt and
Michael Mogan, a native of County Galway,
Ireland/aged 34 years and 6 months. \_
" . - C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
- (Wednesday),, at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. . S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, . thence
to French Church of Notre Dame des VIc-
' toires, Bush street. .-.-.'";¦• ¦ ¦. . >. '.
McCREA— In this city/i May 6, 190t ; Bmma- F..
.beloved wife of John McCrea, and. mother of
¦ George P. and Alice F. McCrea, a native of
¦ San, Francisco, aged 29 years.'- .' ¦.' '•¦• .'¦¦
McWHINNEY— In" the City and County' Hos-
pital, May 6. 1901, Harold M. McWhinney, a
native of New York, aged 22 years. .
MAHON— In this city. May 5, 1901, John J.,
beloved husband of • Kate . Mahon. father of
¦ Annie -and. the late Mary A. Mahon;. son of
- Ellen •¦ and the late John J. Mahon, " and
brother of William T. Mahon and Mrs. A.
.' Garden, . a native of New Jersey, aged 31
years, and fi months. ¦¦ - , ..
I I tC7 Friends and . acquaintances- are -respect-
, fully Invited : to attend the . funeral this day
(Tuesday), v at 'II o' clock, . from • the residence
. of her parents,' 33 Moss street.* between How-
¦", ard and Folsom,- Sixth and. Seventh, i Inter-
ment : Mount : Olivet Cemetery. . .:• ¦¦ ¦•.-.
KELLY— In this city, May 6. 1901, John Kelly,
a native of Ireland, aged ; 35 ¦ years. . ¦: '¦¦:¦
KENNEDY— In. this city, . May 6,. 1901, 'John
¦i Joseph, beloved • husband • of- Hannaha. I Ken-
nedy, • father, of W^llIIam Kennedy, and uncle
of Mrs. Mary Lamey and Mrs.; Bridget Mur-
• rey, a native . of the parish : of : Johnstown,
' : County Kilkenny, Ireland, .aged 68 -years. •
LOUPY— In ;this V city, i May . 6, .1901, -Pierre
Loupy," beloved brother of Bap tiste, Jean and
• Noel - LouDy, and .: brother-in-law of Lucie
' and Therese- Loupy, ¦ and | nephew '; of Martin
': Casenave,: a native;. of France, aged 31 years
'-. and 5 days/.: :¦'.-- -¦, ' ,-¦; ; :-.¦: '.' .'...' ' N -
,i father of Leslie < and Morine ¦ Fennell,' : a ' na-
. ? tive , of Illinois; - aged" 30 • years : 3 ¦ months and
¦ : -2l days. ¦.;,¦¦¦¦- ..- ; 'a ¦-'.-¦ • w:.\;.* '-:'•: ¦ ' '¦"¦. .'¦=?¦
<¦- <" ICTFriends and ' acquaintances fire respect-
;; fully invited ¦ to ; attend the • funeral this ; day
; (Tuesday),' at &:30 o'clock; from' his late resl-
..: dence,-«. 1322 . Dolores t • street," .- : thence to : St.'
.: Paul's Church,*: where 'a solemn requiem mass_
,- will be celebrated • for the repose of his soul,
C commencing." at , 9 ; o'clock. ..'. Interment , Holy
-' Cross-. Cemetery.". : • - .' V ¦. r - U ' "
FENTON— In v the' City : and' County . HoBpltal,
. May , 6, , 1901, i James | Fenton, a native of Ire-
'.¦¦'. land,"? ased . 76 j years. -¦:¦¦:¦ ¦'¦ -"¦- : : '
FERCHEN— In this "city, May 5, 1901. Cynthia,'
-beloved wife of. Fred Ferchen. and mother of
• ' Tressa : Ferchen/ a native of California," aged'
.44 years i 11 : months ; and ? 2 , days. '. ' (Portland.
Or^ papers' please; copy. )"."••• ¦ :* -¦¦""'• .
CT'Ladles of the Maccabees and friends and
' acquaintances' are respectfully -invited to^at-
r tend the funeral services. this day (Tuesday).
.at 2 -o'clock. cat the. parlors ;: of the 'West-.
! ern Addition Fune'ral Directors. • 2428 Calif or-
-,nia street,: between Fillmore. and Steiner. In-
terment - at ; Deer Island, Or. .; . ... . ., -. .' "• : _ •
FITZPATRICK— In 'j this ?¦ city, -' May ' ; 4, 1901,
3 Bridget ( Teresa,', dearly- beloved . wife ¦ of John
P.' Fitzpatrlck, • and ' loving mother of Mrs. J.
' Rose, - Mrs. A. ', Courtney, ' Mrs. A. Benner-
scheidt and' Thomas F., Joseph A. and Cecl-
• lia J.' Fitzcatrlck, ! a ' native of Brooklyn, N.
";.Y., aged 55 . years. •»>> ¦ — t- '¦•'¦ ¦-¦'
• • CyFrlends and - acquaintances are respect-
? fully, invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
¦May! 9, 1S0I,. at 8:30 : o'clock, .from her late
¦ residence,- 107 Diamond street,*- thence. to '.The
VMost Holy Redeemer Church, where . a sol-
' emn "requiem -high r mas3 will ".be .celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
: o'clock. .¦ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. - £"
HOFMANN— In .this , city, May 5, 1901, Anna
Christine, youngest and . beloved daughter of
..Christian and 'Anna. Hofmann, and sister of
¦•" George and Tillie Hofmann, a- native of San
• ; Francisco," aged 11 months and 13 days. .".
$150— ACRE lots. W. C. MORAN & CO.. Lorin
station, and Schmidt block. Berkeley; Cal.
WHEELER Tract lots; finest view in Berke-
ley. W.C. MORAN & CO. . ' : .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st:
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions - has been , established . at 1096
r. Valencia st. ¦ ¦ • "•'¦¦¦ r*. .¦ ... '¦ ,•...:*.<
$1500 — 6-room house; large lot; 'all fenced; half
block to electric cars; 4 blocks to local.' :
$€500 — Income property in- center of. town;
rents for $71 per month. ! .
18500— The finest home In beautiful ' Berke-
ley; lot 100x130; barn and all conveniences of
a home. -..--¦
Apply S. S_. QUACKENBUSH. . oppoBlte
First National Bank.
CHEAPEST and best in 'America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in • the
.rtJnlted States ; or . Canada .' one ' year for $1
' postage paid. • ,. - ¦ .. , ; . , ¦ . . ¦ '
$550— FINE lot on Arch st..- near Vine Bt.;
grand view. MAY & MORTIMER. " ,
ROOMS AND BOARD.
$3750— MODERN new home in the Scenic Park,
Just completing; 7 room* and all - conveni-
ences. MAY & MORTIMER. '
COMFORTABLE home; table . and appoint-
'. ments first-class; : convenient \ to cars. Box
S698, Call. . : . * •• • - ,' , ¦ : " --;
BAXLWAY TBA VEL:
Thistle Drifts Stop Trains".
- Trainmen in- some parts, of ' South Da-
kota have a new. difficulty, to surmount
in*. the shape of .vast masses 6f : Russian
thistles ,*¦ which . collect • in drifts i on f the
tracks: -'Tn© 'weeds, are blown into"cuts.
where they become interwoven so "closely
that • sometimes; trains"; are delayed < for.
hours. .'The locomotives might push . their
way, ¦ through but ¦ for the : fact • that . the
rails '. become slippery; through • the crush-
ing of;the oily fiber, and seeds," the wheels
refusing i to -.revolve jeven- 1 after --a 'liberal
application of sand.— N;;. H. ; Palladium. ,' .
HOTEL Franklin,' 19d4 Market St.— Best of ap-
•¦ polntments;, special rates ., to f ambles. v •
FILBERT, 614— Furnished room. f> siinny and
#neat, with board if desired. . •- ",- 1 ¦¦".-¦¦¦
BERNSTEIN— In this . city. May 5, 1901, Solo-
mon Bernstein, beloved husband | of i Mary
Bernstein; and brother of>E. Bernstein of
; Oakland and Mrs. ¦ R. : L. Stone, a native of
Germany, ; aged 85 years and • 16 ; days. - , >
n^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited). to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, "from his late resi-
i dence, .1415 Jackson street, .near Hyde. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery. Flowers
J not accepted. - . .' .';¦* • .' ' • -^
BLAKE— In' this 1 , city, ¦- May 6, 1901, James
"Blake, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 92
years. • ' * - ¦. ' ' ¦
: ¦ IET Friends and acaualntanees and members
of the ¦ Sailmakers* Union : of San Francisco
are respectfully" Invited to attend the ; fun-
eral • this day (Tuesday), at_l o'clock, from
the parlors of A..W. Martift & Co.. 319
> O'Farrell ? - street. ; Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery'."' , \ >. '¦'<., ¦'¦ ..¦'¦. > ¦¦: '": V. t
BROLEY— In Oakland, May 6, 1901, , Giorgio
Broley. beloved father , of - Henrietta Broley,
• Mrs ¦ Rosie'. Delucchl rand Mrs. - L. Petery, a
native of ' AusTrla, aged 62 years 7 months
¦ and 14' days.:- '.'.-: ¦,,..;,. ¦'.,:: *";;'¦¦-¦':';
DICKEY— In this city,'. May 6, 1901. . James R. ,
husband > of • the ; late Amelia C- Dickey, and
, father s of Frank Dickey. . a: native of .. Madl-
son County, New „ York, aged 75 years: 3
months and 28 .days.^ ; ' f • '•¦ .^
¦ (C?The funeral- will ; take .• place to-morrow
- (Wednesday). ; at 2 o'clock,* from the parlors
¦~ ! of . Halsted , & Co.;- 846 Mission street. ' ¦ Inter-
ment private.' .;.' ¦ ' -: -. .' '•- •;
FENNELL— In J this • city, • May 4,' 1901, .Thomas
> F " beloved husband of Mary E.'. Fennell. ¦ and
DIED.
Bernstein, Solomon ; McWhlnney, Harold
Blake. James • • .-¦ Mahon, . John J. ¦ —
Broley, - Giorgio , ' Hasten, Nathan K.
Dickey, Jamea R.' Mogun, Patrick
Fennell, Thomas F. Mullen, John
Kenton. James * Murphy, Elsie J.
Ferchen. Cynthia • ' Murphy, Patrick H.
Fitzpatrick, Bridget . Qulnn. Michael E. -
Hof mann, • Anna . C. Schinkel, Albertlne *
Kelly, John : Stafford, - Mary \ •
Kennedy, John J. Roesbach. Frank "W.
Loupy, Pierre ,¦ Schow, Magens ' J. M.
McCrea. Emma F. ' Williams, ¦ Leo F. •
$650 TO $105*— See our fine building sites in the
• Byrne Tract* send for map.' MAY-: &; MOR-
TIMER. Berkeley station. ...--.-
$1050— FINE corner lot on Shattuckave.; one
block from depot; biggest snap In town; COx
135. MAY & MORTIMER.
ROOMS -and : board; . prices -¦ reasonable , 415
First st.. between Harrison and Bryant. < : .
$1750— HOUSE of 6 room* and bath; large lot;
i streetcars 'pass the property; for. cash or In-
stallments. -Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Berke-
ley station. .¦¦'¦¦¦• > •
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
AT summer rates: attractive -rooma;', special
table: wine dinners/; 807 California . %t;\:-. : .;.<'.
(Successor to Flannagan^ft Gallagher.)
;. •;¦•%.*» DANIEL. P.: DONOVAN. Mgr. •-. i !
FUNERAL1 DIRECTORS AND j EMBALMERS,"
¦ ' 20 'Fifth 'St.," opposite Lincoln School.":.
¦ -¦-:—-"•¦ ' .'"¦'. Telephone South 80... ' . .
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.
FltUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$17E0- ; -5-room. cottage, modern, stable; lot 50x140.
Inquire Hanson's , shoe store, ¦¦ Frui tvale, Cal.
LARGE sunny room In private family wanted.
'¦ stating terms with board ?' C ED-
WARDES.-1820 Market St." • ¦- ;¦' - ' ¦;-¦-.
Eugene McGinn. , : McGINN, BROS.
¦•»• .: Funeral • Directors and r Embalmers,'.- -.:
: ¦ . . - SI ) EDDY. STREET. - *f
Telephone South.252. ¦.-"/ i :;'- San Francisco.'
f-No Connection : With Any. Other House. 7..~;
YOUNG man and wife wish rooms and aboard
i in : private . family having stable accommoda-
.tlons for horse and, buggy.- Box , 8069, J Call. >
ROOMS 'AJTD J BOARD WANTED.
;¦.¦;.;- •'
'¦$$l$£- n^&EEKi DAYS * :^T II'^J
« 8:00 a.m.") V.:, jf 12:15 p.m.
D.-OOa.'m: .:-'«¦- "••.*.:•[ . "'1:15 p.'m.
10:00 A: M. I • ' QTTVT>AV4 ' J 8:30 P/ M '
X I'M r: m.- . ¦¦' ¦ 6:50 p. m.
' 2:80 p.' m. J 'r.- ". > . . ; - - : ' : - I* 7:10 P. m.
5«.-i*nr Fare. Saa fnulm t* Sommlt and Betnrn, $1.40 -.' ' *
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.', & Sanaalito Ferry.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
DO you want to own, your own homeKWe will
build houses according to -your own plans
on centrally located lots for smallcash pay-
ments, balance same as-.rent. I -
Bargain— New : cottage, four I rooms, bath
and pantry; bay-window; patent closet; sta-
tionary wash tubs; brick fpundations and
large lot; 2 blocks from station; price $1400;
$100 cash, balance $15 monthly.- : -
We have other new modern houses of 3, 4.
5, 6, 7. 8 and 9 rooms each which we will sell
on very easy terms; central . locations and low
prices. .<...-"
Take "Berkeley train, get off at Lorin sta-
tion. Office west .sld» -of,. railroad track.
Open Sundays. • • / ¦ '-'¦'' '
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYONS. .Lorln.
C. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery- st.
Speclal bargain — 160 acres near Yuba City,
Sutter Co., short distance from Marysville; all
under cultivation; all rich valley land; few
beautiful live oak trees- good* buildings; well
watered and well fenced: this land has been
producing profitably and is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
in whole or in part at a very low price.
Also 140 acres, all under cultivation; rich
valley land: good buildings; well fenced: short
distance from Yuba City, Sutter Co.: will be
sold in whole or in part to suit purchaser and
at an extremely low price.
The two above ' Tjiec.es should be seen to be
appreciated, and if contemplating purchasers
will call or write for information a bargain
will be given. R. D. BROWNE.
' Manager Country Department.
MOSEY TO L.Q AN—Contlnned. '
MOST reliable Place to borrow on
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, lOSlxth-
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.' •
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for buildinc-
low rate. 2g Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.'
BITSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms
} «°. Vell Jw I 65 2 Cnlckerlngs (Uke i
1 Heine baby grand new) ...... $200
dike new) $325 2 Helnes Hiii ud
1 Etelnway $1SS 1 HaUet-Davle.. $465-
And fifty ethers: rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for som*
of the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
istence, including Hallet-Davls. Indorsed by all
the greatest masters: over 50.000 In use in most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co.. 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN CLAY
& CO. may b« exchanged for a new Etelnway
uprlg*t or baby grand piano any time within
t years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; come good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Etelnway dealers, comer Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco; comer Broadway and
Thirteenth Et.; Oakland.
AT BTRON MACZY*S. 808 POST ST.
You are Invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric eelf-playingr piano attachment:
can be put la any piano; also to inspect our
piano factory and eee how a piano is made.
Agent Eohrner, Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Ham-
ilton, Splelmann planes. .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
2$ and 20 O'Farrell st.: pflanos, organs and
ell other musical instruments of all grades
end prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
fcflomcr.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 Emer-:
ynn, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Pt^rling, $75, $125, $145. etc.; easy payments.
BKXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.
Chick^rlnr, Vose. Sterling: Agency; also
Apollo, king of pelf-players.
FROM now until June 1 we will have a genu-
ine cash clearance sale of pianos. Customers
can get the best bargains In the city from us
durinjr this rale. The ZEXO MAUVAIS
MT'PIC CO., 769 Market et. ¦- • •
WE have the piano you want— Hazelton— none
better: also other standard make*: prices and
term? all rieht. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building. ' ' ¦ •
GOING to Nome — Must sacrifice elegant 3-pedaI
urripht piano. 219 J>avenworth st. r .nr. Eddy.
A— S4P0; ITP.IGHT prand. new, for almost
half. 216 McAllister ct.
f;S5— STANDART uprieht: cost $425; for sale on
$5 installments. Post st.
KRAXICH & BACH pianos, musicians' delight
Sole agency BRUENN. 2CS Poet ct.
YOU can obtain «. fine urrtght piano at a low
figure. T. H. KILGO. S4S Mission Bt,
$3 TER mnrith rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S60 Hayes st.
HIT— MAHOGANY rase Fischer upright. 217
G*ary st., room SS.
A ESSALXi Chlrkerlne upright. $125; 6 uprights.
FcecTid-handed : your choice at $110. 217 Geary. ¦
J4R UPRIGHT. tl25 Knabe. $133 Ptelnway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 17C6 Market st.. you
can pet storage pianos almost for a song.
BIGGEST bargain .in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be cold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Fteck. Hartman. Con-
over ar.d others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 814 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold;' nice upright piano.
.SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
AT KEEFFFS. S33 Market ft.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price 1 . Shonlnger agency."
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO rent or lease — Second floor, 620 Market St.,
opposite Palace Hotel: Al business . location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market st.
DKFIRABLE store on Turk St., adjoining Bay
City Market: rent reasonable. Apply premises.
I5AKERY with oven; 4 living rooms; good loca-
tion. Apply 1009 Guerrero st.
SAXSOME, $04— Large, handsome store; re-
duced to SS per month. . |
LTGHT. sunny offices $15 to $20. Emma Spreck- :
pis building. P27 Market st. |
. OIL.
COSTA Rica, 10 cents per share, -will make you
rich: you cannot lose your money; stock guar-
p.r.tped by S. F. real estate bonds, certified to
by Cal. Safe Deposit and Trust Co.; send for
rrnfpeetus. Pacific States Mining and Invest-
ment Co.. 226 Post st.
?HE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil lands in the
best districts; Investigate; Fearless OH and
Water Co.; a good investment; water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big., 464 9th, Oakland.
OIL lands In the heart of Cballnga district,
fl 25 per acre. AMERICAN EXPLORATION
r<~>.. 1413 Call building. _
OIL tanks, second-hand. In pood order; all
si*p«: oriean. H. S. WKTTE. f,16 Mlfsion Ft.
OIL. LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. V e can furnish you with lands In the
b^st Iocs ities. If you are looking for lands
or wish o invest Jn stocks of the leading oil
company * call on us before going elsewhere.
FHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
TO rxeha: ?e for oil stock, land or merchan-
d'.FP. 8 atres. new 4-room cottage, fine fruit
!ar<5 and chicken ranch In noted health re-
tort; Paso Robles; clear of debt. Call even-
inc-p. .lo-wex f}at. 805 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
TO Bell. 21 acres proven land, adjoining San.
.1-aquin Oil Co.; a preat bargain for capi-
•Elists. Call for S. T. ALLEN, 474 Parrott
VvTi^lrg. Pan Francisco.
I'AI>TEKS ASD DECORATORS.
wall paper, window shades: rooms papered,
!« m,. .Vnypn & Rath. 808 Sixth: onen even.
PALMISTRY. ;
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist & character
reading; lepsons. cIees & priv. 204 Ellis, r.18.
U. .1ERCME FOSREXLI. scientfflc palmist. 515
Taylor st . hot. Ooarv and Po«t: tel. Black 561.
ADVICE fm>: no charge unless successful.
c,vo r>. rvvMpprxL. I/awyer. Examiner big.
PERSOXALSl
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which v.ill turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
•in from four to twelve hours, according to
*ba<1e -required. DR. FRAXCIS C. SHER-
MAN'. 406 Putter Ft.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary st., and you
will hot be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively, guaranteed; preparation cent to all
parts "of the 'world; call or eend for circular.
WANTED— Information respecting the wKere-
abouts or .death and relatives of CHARLES
MATHESON. who lived in San Francisco In
1«»2. Address RIGBY & RIGBY, Attorneys,
212 Sansome St.. San Francisco.
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
free, without asking questions, looking at
tonrue or feeling of pulse; tell you how to get
well without knife, drugs or worthless Instru-
ments; scientific method of treatment. Xervo-
Pothic Co., 13S2 Market, opp. I. O. O. F. Hall.
MOTHER, do you know you can buy dry
poods, shoes, blankets, hammocks, etc.,
cheaper at SMITHS' CASH (DEPT.) STORE
than anywhere else? 25 Market. Bt-
A WOMAN, one Bide badlywrinkled, the other
made smooth; also freckled girl; remedies
guaranteed permanent; call— seeing Is bellev-
inr. K. Y. Inst. Dermatology. 105 Ellis, S. F.
fl WEEKLT — Suits to " order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
.Market Et.. between Seventh and Eighty
ELECTRIC Upht In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
I.'.c to $1 50 per night: $1 £0 to $6 per week;
free 'bus end baggage to aiyl from the ferry.
EEST taste. "The Superior 1 ' ; skillful hair
crrssing; wrinkles vanished: gray hair re-
'torefl; expert masseurs. 14 McAllister, rm. C9.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
_gO-. 121Q-13H Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to !*arn hairdHssIng. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MIPS A- V.
BOTLE. 17Ct4 Market, bet. Polk and Van Xess.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
POISON' oak cured one application or no pay.
469 Hayes st.
Dr. Harriett Welch. 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. anfl Eat. ; electrolyp^s; 17 years* exper.
CPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. i(fcl Market stl. nr. Sixth.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious etones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market at-
L *'', I*' , a S <5 Rents' cast-off clothing bought and
*old. J. Silverman, 684 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 1191.
C. LANDECKER. 20 Mont'gy— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken, $1; guar.
DUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all ' druggists.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the txwt
. corn cure; 25c; all drugrlst«. . .
ROOMS ; T WANTED;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL , ESTATE.
DR. WONG HIM, '¦ herb doctor, successfully
treats' all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 . Mason, nr. Ellis.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
- 1021 Market st,. between Sixth and Seventh.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
WANTED—^Accommodations for visiting stran-
gers during President's stay in San Francisco;
' any hotels, 'boarding-houses or private fami-
lies having rooms to spare will pleasebring
• or send to room 217, Palace Hotel, information
- as to the number and : capacity, of rooms S to
rent; - also state . whether . : with or* -without
board. Citizens' Committee :'on Hotels,; room
217,' Palace Hotel..- . .,: ¦; :¦-."¦. . V :¦;';.• jfc^r-y
; ". BATLWAY, TRAVEL.
I The f in^sceiiery
ilffjvl Yovl don't go east EVERY day. "j&^ M
WMjji When .you do go, go comfortably S^S^ fi
—via Denver and the ¦ Burlington 4^* H
WS& °Thc time is ALMOST as fast as %, g
ig^| , the fastest arid the service and seen- gC y^_^^^k
J^^3. :¦.' ery are better than the b^st. i/ff^Xy^ a
Thro' standard sleepers, San Francisco to Chicago % IS jgg^
¦ daily. .Thro' tourist sleepers Tuesday* P'O^ S? Sti!''!
I and Thursdays— Omaha,' Chicago, Kansas rfv^" Bf.v Piper Estate Sued.
. S. ": Sheets, „ as "= administrator of
theestate of * the ;IateLe Roy Piper, filed !
Men's suits made, to' order, <$i week.
Smith Tailoring C6., v 128 Ellis street. -¦:•*"
. ., Decrees of , divorce'-were granted yester
day. to-Teresa^J. LoughronifromrFrank F.
Libughron I for; desertion, ' and . Charles ;• A.
Storey : from Minnie ; Storey - for . desertion"
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Jennie Hall against Henry A. Hall f or "In
temperance. ••.. Alexclne Griffist *Whistter
against ; Dearmon Whlstter , for - failure " to
provide. Elvira . Cunnlnghe m , against Wil
liam ,', Cunningham for cruelty. Gertrude
M.Ormsby against V J. F. Ormsby for fail
ure to, provide,; Charles L.\ Hulse ap'alnst
Eleanora'HuJsefor. cruelty. Niels Wester
gaard against Louisa Westergaard tor de
serilonv and. i Henry Boukofsky against
Johanna Boukofsky.for cruelty. '
In - the • Divorce Court.
¦..''¦';;: : ;': ¦ ¦-."- l \ ¦ ence. :
Salvation .Army • .' headquarters, at '.¦¦ 1137
Market street, ', was r crowded 1 , to -the. doors
last { evening '.when ' a ; reception', was \tend
ered to the wife of , Colonel . Oebrsre, French,
who arrived ; recently from England. • Col
onel "French and his .wife 1 are in command
of j the; Pacific ; Coast "province ~ : l and are
"prominent ; insalvatlon : work. .-. . ¦
'• Mrs. ' French received' a- hearty. welcome,
the vast audience ; greeting her with the
famous "salvation volley '.'j time , time
, again. ¦;: Mrs/ French is ; a : fluent : speaker
and i' dwelt turjon' the :- scone '.'that ; presents
itself .' on . the 'Pacific Coast"; for -rescue'
work.'.^ The announcement ' that the States
:'of '-.Washington,--. Oregon -..and Idaho had
been added, to the Pacific: Coast province
was hailed with cheers. V >--•••,'•.; ¦¦•'.. ; .;¦".•
h > An enthusiastic - farewell -was given ¦ to
Staff Captain , S.'VWithers, • who is <. to : leave
in a few; days for. Boston. ; Colonel French
If A I the . singing, last' night -and also deliv-"
: ered r a pleasing.* address. /" Two „. Chinese
Salvationists! also welcomed Mrs.; French,
and ' speeches -were made by; Captain Jen
nie 'McKin." Father Boy.den. Staff; Captain
-Withers; Ensign' and Mrs.i Howell and Ma
¦jor'A.-E.Klmball..----. , : - ?.v -. •
SALVATIONISTS WELCOME
WIFE OF COIiONEI, : i FRENCH
Hearty Greeting Extended by Largo
and Enthusiastic Audi- '
¦ ; 30,000 rolls '. red, white and blue . crepe
,papeiv:V Immerise^col6red;bust "pictures of
'McKlnley-'-ion'-si stretchers."" Bunting, ~ fes
tooning, ] shields and , flags for ; th? million^ ¦
Sanborn, Vail'&.Co., 741 ; MarkefSt. ?
-'- ' -.' ¦• ¦¦- ' : '" . ~ - -' ;
Decorate ; for' McKlnley.
placed > the ban" upon the sale of liquors
in the park.
Dickey's Protest.
Recently Colonel Dickey, was called be
fore.the Police Commissioners- to>show
cause why his. rooms in this his last resort
should not have their walls lowered • in
accordance . with- police regulations. ¦:.> He
appeared and said: "Gentlemen; my place
was built for ~ gentlemen and 'for ladies
escorted by gentlemen. If you tear down
the walls the roof and.sides will fall in
and rather than :this should happen Ivwill.
close my doors.'-','-' Some* of the 'Police
Commissioners .visited. Dickey's and their
report: was- such? that neither.' the- walls
nor the sides fell' in. ,-- .. ¦ '. ,'
: Many;, a t man ¦; has , felt the kindness of
Colonel Dickey. 1 He was unostentatious in
his charity and whole-souled In everything
he did.- During thelate days of the. Bay.
District t many an unfortunate ' horseman
was placed upon- his 'feet by the ready
generosity of Colonel Dickey. - .
-.A few years agoColonel Dlckey,lost his
I wife. Since then" his health ' steadily
failed. A trip East 1 to -his : wife's home
did- him no grood.j During.: his -last days
one - of ; the greatest pleasures - of • Calif or-.<
nia's most, famous ¦. roadhouse} proprietor-,
was to sit armmdiwith a"' few. of- his old
friends ; and j tell ,the story 'of the past I o »rer,
and r over. r again.* i Running* beneath v: the
reminiscent possip •, would.be, an ever-pres-'
ent ¦; regret , that I he had . outlived , his I wife,
who had been his companion in all his ad
ventures..., ; - ¦•-.• ¦;" ;:;. .; \ , ;; , ' ; ¦ „' ' '.
.The" 1 funeral .'.'will ; take place from ", the
undertaking parlors* at 946 Mission rstreet
to-morrow ; at ; 2 • p. m. T -Interment will
private. ¦'¦¦r-
Cheapest and Most Delightful Ocean
.Trips in -the World .;¦
Are those now offered by the. Pacific Coast
Steamship Company to Southern Califor
nia ports. For. rates and information call
at office, 4 New Montgomery street.
The warrants were given to Policeman
John P.- Herlihy to serve and he accom
panied:.. Jacomi ; to the restaurant.
Spokane man sent a note to a friend, who
sent r back * $40 ;• and Jacomi accepte d the
amount in. full payment and told the offi
cer^ he would. not prosecute. the- men/ and
they. were allowed to go. For constituting
himself a judge Herlihy .was called before
Chief : Sullivan and was ordered to send
him a written' report.- He will probably
have to appear before the Police Commis
sioners . for not performing his "duty by
arresting the men?- Sergeant Moffitt also
constituted -himself judge of Herlihy's
actions, but;was "called to time" by the
Chief. "'?,^SKSfaSS3 '-"
OFFICER CONSTITUTES ,
* HIMSELF A JUDGE
John P. Herlihy Does Not Serve War
: \ r rants Because * a" Case' Is "
"Fixed." . m|
• VTwo well-dressed men, one a prominent
resident ,. of Spokane," went to the Malson
AHadio,' corner, of Geary, street and Grant
avenue,- Sunday afternoon with two ladies.
They, had a "high old time" opening- wine
and eating the choicest viands.. The ladies
lef t ¦ the i place toward midnight, - but the
two men remained there all night and had
breakfast ' yesterday v morning. . "When they
.were leaving *the -waiter asked them to
pay their bill of $42 90, but they said they
had no money. They were locked u^> in a
room and.C. Jacomi,\the proprietor, hur
ried to. the Hall of. Justice and swore out
warrants for their arreston the charge of
defrauding: in InnTrrrnrr * 'Itrifnrfriiraffifirfiitffl
George W. Rohr, ; a private In the United
States ' army hospital ." corps, committed
suicide last Sunday>night by taking, four
grains of morphine. .'
Rohr had been on duty on the transport
"Warren,' and' on, last Thursday. had been
assigned to duty at Fort McDowell.' Since
that -time he -has been on a. spree v and
roomed in a lodging-house at 210 East
street, ."v -. ' .¦¦-¦-.- . : . : /.. . •
: On Sunday .afternoon Rohr went 'to the
Ferry ¦ drugstore L and represented that -he
wanted- some morphine for some patients
on board the transport." The - clerk ¦ sold
him the drug.- and at 7:30 o'clock yester
day morning Rohr .was found dead in bed.*
The partly filled vial of morphine , shows
that; he* had consumed -four grains.^ On
two envelopes lie had written : ' 'My papers
are,on ! the "Warren,* stateroom 14, also all
ray. baggage and ; papers.". : My papers:. 'All
my papers. and property goes Mrs." George
Rohr, Flora,' Oregon." - ¦ " t .-.' .;¦
Coroner Leland notified the. Chief of Po-;
lice that; the; drug clerk had. violated the
law by selling; morphine without^ the ' pre
scription, of a physician. ;•.;
George "W. Rohr of the Hospital Corps
¦ Winds Up a Spree With ;
. ..; ;.'".- Poison. ',' . . . ,
FOUR MORPHINE GRAIN'S
END A SOLDIER'S -. LIFE
DECISIONS RENDERED
BY COURT OF APPEALS
Lower. Courts' Judgments Reversed
in Two of the Bunker Hill : :H*?<.
Mining Cases. ¦
Judges Gilbert, Ross, Morrow and Haw
ley opened the session of the. United
States Circuit Court of Appeals yester
day,'and handed down the following de
cisions: .
'Charles ' W. Cllne vs. William S. James et
al.; Oregon— Judgment affirmed. The Pacific
Northwest • Packing Company vs. Henry -F.
Allen and John H. McGraw as receiver— Order
of Circuit Court affirmed. The Owyhee Land
and Irrigation. Company vs. C. C. Tautphaus—
Judgment reversed and causa remanded for
new trial. Eureka and Klamath River Rail
road Company' vs. . ; The California and North
ern Railway Company— Decree affirmed. - Ken
nedy J. Hanley vs. Charles Sweeney. F. Lewis
Clark and Emoi re /State-Idaho. Mlninr and
Developing* Company, Idaho— Judgment - re
versed and »cauae remanded for further pro
ceedings. Jay. Lawyer vs. Frederick Post and
Margaret Post, Idaho— Judgment affirmed. The
Bunker Hill and Sullivan Mining and Concen
trating Company vs. The Shoshone Mining
Company— Decree of Circuit Court, reversed and
the cause remanded for further proceedings.
Pacific Postal Telegraph Cable Company vs.
The Bank of Palo Alto— Circuit Court directed
to modify judgment by striking out- $250 coun
sel, fees and with this modification the Judg
ment Is affirmed. The Bunker Hill and Sulli
van*.Mlnin<r and Concentrating Company vs.
The Empire State-Idaho Mining and Develop
ing • Company and the Last * Chance Mining
Company— Judgment affirmed. Excelsior.Wood
en Pipe Company vs. Pacific Bridge Company
andrCharles P. Allen— Appeal dismissed. Mrs.
Jane Beaumont vs. ; Northern Pacific Railway.
Company, "Washington— Judgment affirmed. ; .
OLONEL JAMES R. DICKEY.
/T keeper of the famous roadhouse
(I . by the park that takes Us name
from him, passed away yesterday
at his home after a prolonged ill
ness. He was a native of New York and
at the time of his death was 75 years of
age.
Colonel Dickey has been a familiar fig
ure to two generations. His life in the
city, singularly enough, was spent among
the eandhills. From the early sixties to
the present time he was identified with
the roadhoifses, patronized by the men of
finance, politics and brain-workers gen
erally, who found temporary surcease
from business struggles in a drive to the
beach, with a breakfast or a lunch at
some popular wayside place.
S Born in Madison County, New York,
Colonel Dickey's youthful ambition took
him to the metropolis. Two years after
he had arrived there the discovery of gold
lured him to California. It was in June,
1850. that he arrived in this State. For
ten years he brushed against fortune and
misfortune while struggling for the at
tainment of wealth in the mines. Partial
success smiled upon his efforts, and with
a snail fortune, accumulated by the en
durance of hardships, he came to San
Frax.cisco, determined to win. ¦ ,
San Francisco was at that time a seeth
ing, bristling, tumultuous community.
Men made money quickly, and it was
rpent with a lavish hand by those who
had hit the, nail of success on the head.
Men of means in their leisure hours drove
to the beach over the old road which now
runs by Ingleside to the ocean. Colonel
Dickey saw the possibilities of a fortune
in the establishment of a roadhouse at
the point of intersection of the road with
the beach. He built the old Ocean House,"
the first of its kind on this coast. Million
aires made this place famous in the old.
days. Within its four walls at one time
or another the bonanza kings, the spec-'
ulators and the gay, strong men of the
early days supped and drank in effervesc
ing wine to a life that was full of ex
citement and struggle. Colonel Dickey's
cuisine and wines became- famous.
First Racetrack Built.
Ills natrons were all men of endeavor/
Many of them owned horses of speed ond
blood. Colonel Dickey himself, was an ad
mirer of horseflesh. After a few years of
this life he conceived the idea of building
a racetrack In the vicinity of his road .re
sort." Close to the Ingleside track of to
day he constructed a half-mile racecourse.
It was on this track that the famous Nor
folk and LodI met, the first race of ac
knowledged thoroughbreds in the - far
West.
A defect in\ title drove Colonel Dickey
j away from the old Ocean House In 1865.
Colonel Dickey moved to Calistoga, where
be cenducted " a hotel I adjoining - the
springs. This proved but 'a slow, uncon
genial venture and his return • to : . San
J Colonel Dickey, in company with Harris
r R- Covey, J. N. Killip and Charles M.
y Chase, built the Bay District racecourse
L in 1874. It was by all odds the finest rac
. ing grounds which had been constructed
in California up to that time, and not
• many in the' United States were nearly
its equal. The Ocean View track, on
s which of the first of the $20,000 purses,
j heats of four miles, running, were run,
had become sadly dilapidated, and that at
its best was far from being suitable for a
' metropolitan racing ground.
; A half-mile track' on the Point Lobos
road was the only harness racing place
1 on that side of the bay, and while the
; track at Oakland was good in itself/the
appointments were inferior. The trip
across the bay was a great drawback, and
the Treat track, where Occident and Lucy
trotted, was still farther out of the way
and subject to the same objections.
* A ereat many of the wealthy men of
San Francisco in those' days were fond
of driving, but the Point L<Jbos road was
the only ground on which that taste could
be gratified, and the roadhouses along the
route were, not very satisfactory. /"¦'.• >
The projectors of the Bay District were
well aware that a really first class place
2 would bring liberal success, and planned
accordingly. The track was ' expensive to
construct among the sand hills, where j
deep cuts and corresponding fills had to
be made. Quite a hill inside the limits
, had. to be cut down in order -not to. ob
struct the view. Hundreds., of Chinamen
moving the hill . into low places was a
queer sight to visitors lately arrived from
the East..,; The top. coating to cover.- the
sand had to/ be hauled from a distance,
• and when course, grand stand, clubhouse,
hotel and stables were completed a large
sum was invested. The estimate that the
wealthy, .people of San Francisco' would
aid- the enterprise .was based on good
grounds. A > club was organized with a
membership fee of $500, and more than a
hundred signed the roll.
Popular. Boniface. £
Colonel Dickey wa» a potent element in
securing members. His capacity as a ca
terer was of the highest order. Urbane
and accomplished in the art of -pleasing
an old-time resident of California and ac
quainted .with nearly all the prominent
men of the State, his department of .the
partnership — hotel and clubhouse— was
conducted in 'the best manner. His asso
ciates were capable and the place was
thronged with visitors from the day of
the opening. - ¦ . • t
Safe to say that the Bay District As
sociation contained more very, wealthy
men than any o^her company of a like
character in this country. It was the
very first club in . the .United : States to
place all the officers on the . salary list.
: Permanent judge, secretary, superintend
ent," clerk of »the, course/ etc.; were paid
liberally and the money, was allowed for
purses and premiums on a' generous scale.
With s the ' exception of the ¦ first - of the
series at Ocean' View, 1 all- the big $20,000
and $30,000 purses," heats - of .four/ miles,
were seen on the Bay District. -and the
largest purses and stakes 'for trotters in
California were decided on that track. v 
; Colonel < Dickey was the' only one con
nected with the Bay District from' the day
of the opening ¦ until it was : closed and
was the .last survivor, though • the oldest
of the partners. ¦- . . •/- '¦.
: i\I*ast of the Old Roadsters.
; With' the .'death of .Colonel Dickey tho
last of the "old roadsters" have passed
away. In the prime of his -days Dickey's
name stood for many things and its very
sound awakens in the minds of the old
millionaires ; memories of dinners \ and en
tertainments which 1 cost thousands of dol
lars. It is said that on* special 1 occasions
when the drivers "of 'thoroughbreds had
J gathered at the old Bay District Dickey's
sheds covered. $150,000; in horseflesh, while
the owners .- on the inside made merry
j with the fleeting hours.- There'is no more
of this. now. The bicycle and. the street
car : have -popularized J these- out-of-toWn
resorts. The old-timer -behind, a span of
thoroughbreds -making; this y road . resort
the goal of' his, off-duty -hours has given
way to all classes carried from town by
car, wheel and every/ variety 'of horse
and vehicle. . .
•Gathered about the table and green cloth
at.Dickey's these men of money and polit
j leal influence met" in social soirit and
congeniality. Here men sat down Most
thousands among themselves and smiling
ly ordered a dinner, for the . companv
Nearly every regular patron owned one or
more fine horses. Differences of opinion,
would arise and nothing would settle mat
ters but a. race. *¦ . --. v .< •
A . few. years ago Colonel Dickey''pro
posed^a: scheme to the Park Commission- :
ers and it was all but. consummated. At
the end of the speed track, alongside the
line of sheds he planned the erection of a
park resort.. This .was to . be his last ¦ ven
ture. His own-money was offered, for the'
buildingof : a handsomer casino,; of -which
he was to . be • absolute *' proprietor/ r * The '
hitch came in a ; legal < technicality— some
State law . antedating the r charter— which ¦
Bay District Enterprise.
peninsula, a new road to the beach.- His
next move todk him to the old half-mile
track, about almile from the Cliff House.
Ffom 1869 toJS74 this was his habitation,
and the name of Dickey became once
more a bvword to the old-timers.
Francisco followed hard uoon his depart
ure from the dunes, winds and fogs. With
Ned Bennett he started the Turf House,
situated upon the northern side of the
_LATE COLONEL JAMES R. DICKEY, WHO WAS PROPRIETOR OF A
NOTED ROADHOUSE NEAR. THE PARK. AND WHO PASSED AWAY
YESTERDAY AFTER A PROLONGED ILLNESS.
bration.
-There is likely to be a dearth of the good
things of life to-morrow. »The Retail
Grocers' Association holds its annual re
union at Schuetzen Park then, and that
means that several hundred grocery stores
will be closed at 10 o'clock a. m. and that
the grocer and his clerks will be off for
their outins. " '> ¦'•¦¦' .
; The Retail Grocers' Association has set
aside the second Wednesday. in May for
Grocers' day ' for many years. The first
picnic was held In 1871,"; when the associa
tion was formed, and since that time the
entire trade, wholesalers, retailers, drum
mers and clerks, have united to make the
picnic the greatest . day ; of , the year ; for.
grccerydom. . -i .
The prizes, as usual include all sorts of
useful things from! sacks of, flour and
hams to bonnets anol theater seats.' The
first gate prize is $5<! and. another of the
large prizes is a silver chafing dish; set, in
a>guessing contest for. the ladies. ..
The games and races will be as funny
and as- numerous as in past" years. The
chief feature of .{he day, however, is to
bo the drawing contest for members of
the association, in 'Which event there are
15u prizes , . •. ' - . ,..•'. -
The Retail Grocers' Association repre
sents the progressive element among the
retail grocers. Its' officers for/ 1901 are:
George-Alpers, president; Eugene McCoy,
¦vice president: 'John 'M. Sullivan, secre
tary; T. H. Corcoran, H. G. Lackmann, J.
W. King. J. J. Hayes, J. C.'Nobmann, H.
Rawe, D. F. Keefe and J. Salomon, di
rectors. " ¦ ¦; •
EETATLEES MAKE READY
FOB THEIR GREAT DAY
Many Dealers to Close Their Stores
for the Grocers' Day Cele-
' Kinyoun : at this point, beaming' with
satisfaction, asked for a dismissal, and
De Wolfe consenting. Justice Rodden set
the ex-quarantine officer at liberty.
Sergeant Jordan, ' of the regular army,
testified that he -was stationed at Angel
Island last November, and that on the
day 'mentioned by De Wolfe a prisoner
had . escaped from the military prison.
Guards "were sent, out to search" for. the
escaped . soldier,*- and at , dusk a man was
seen working 'from the shore in a small
boat. : Failing to stop when , called upon,
the sergeant. had given orders to flre, but
fortunately, the men missed their mark.
De Wolfe got away from the bullets, and
the : escaped soldier was captured shortly
afterward. ''.'". : .
¦ "Oh, that's all right," replied Constable
Agnew, " "but you are not on your own
ground now, and bluffs don't go here. I
have a warrant for your , arrest, and I
propose to take you to San Rafael and
produce you in court." -
The Constable meant business, and the
"man of microbes" had to submit. When
the party reached San Rafael, Justice
was sitting in court. ' Klnyoun
•was arraigned and entered a plea of "not
guilty," and the evidence was . then taken.
De Wolfe, the complainant, is a deaf
mute, and he gave his evidence in the
sign language. He told how he had been
fired at a number of times while sailing
near the quarantine ground last Novem
ber,, but could not. identify 'Kinyoun as
the man who fired the shots.
"I am a government official," said Kln
youn,-"and you have no power to touch
me. I defy you to put me under arrest."
Hearing that Kinyoun intended to leave
for the East to-night. Agnew sent word
to ' the Police Department in San^Fran
clsco to arrest him. ".The doctor, thinking
discretion the better part of valor, start
ed ; out yesterday morning to face the
music and took ' the boat . to Tiburon, in
tending to give himself up. At Tiburon
ferry, . Constable Agnew made Kinyoun
his prisoner, despite the protest of the
doctor. .
• The complainant charged that Klnyoun
had flred a number of shots at him, last
November, while he (De Wolfe) was)sail
ing in the vicinity of. the home for.bu
bonic plague microbes maintained by
Kinyoun at Angel Island.
Constable 1 George Agnew attempted to
arrest Kinyoun on Sunday last, but the
doctor refused : to . leave Angel Island,
and warned Agnew that he was trespass
ing on Federal ground and would get into
trouble if he did not go away. This con
versation was held over the' telephone
running from the wharf at Angel. Island
to the doctor's house.
' Dr. " J. J. Klnyoun, late quarantine of
ficer at the port of San Francisco, will be
allowed to 'depart for the East without
being chased by police officers and other
sleuths, the charge of assault to commit
murder preferred ' by Joseph de /Wolfe
having been dismissed yesterday In the
court of Justice Rodden at San Rafael, g
Prisoner Fired at
DeWolfe.
Soldiers Searching for a
KINY0UN TRIED
AND GOES FREE
Creorge Cannot
>\ Gonfeol His Own
Y> Fortune.
¦ L.:C^S' ; -: '. •¦¦.•.••., .;.-•¦ : V ¦ I
Appeal Is Made to Supreme
» Court to Compel a New .
A : remarkable case was^argued \ before
the Supreme Court in bank - yesterday,
when;the attorneys appearihg'for. George
Aldrich asked; that Judge" Troutt ' of ~the
Superior Court be compelled to pass upon
the mental .'standing ¦ of .their client, ; who
many years ago was adjudged insane', but
who has; enjoyed the freedom accorded ;to
ordinary people for the last ten' years and
is to ' all appearances in full possession of
his mental faculties. ' > : . ' . . V
' Aldrich's parents .were Hawaiians and
related to"], the famous Queen Lilioykalani.
His father acquired a large fortune in the
management' of various - sugar interests
and at ; his • death devtded, his property
.equally among the children. George Aid
rich was , at the, time considered Insane
by his father, and his share of the prop
perty.was-placed' under the trusteeship' of
.his brothers sisters. ¦ .",-' * .-'
• In 18S8 Aldrich was adjudged, insane by
Judge Hamilton 'of "Alameda and; com
mitted to- the Napa Insane Asylum. ;' H-3
escaped from the asylum and was brought
back, . only, to /escape " again. '-^ Since,
he has been- living in* various- sections of
the country, in " the full enjoyment of his
freedom.; An effort to. establish his sahity r
v.'as made once before and the examining
physicians ' reported favorably, but I Aid
rich In a sudden fit jof anxiety wrote to
the Judge, offering a large amount of
moneys for the. desired decision, and the
case fell. through. , ' .- ->....
: The applicant has $150,000 In his own
right and a: strong desire. to spend It, but
at: present he receives only such an
amount as . seems \ best " to his relatives.
Judge Troutt, in a previous hearing of
the case, decided that he had no jurisdic
tion in the matter, and suggested a writ
of Habeas corpus. As no one. has posses^
sion of the person of the prisoner, how
ever, there is no foundation for such pro
ceedings. In this dilemma Aldrich's at
torneys, Woodworth & Spotswood, re
quested a writ of mandate to compel
Judge Troutt to hear and. pass upon the
case. The court ordered the case present^
ed on briefs within ten days, v
Attorney Spotswood. who is also guard
ian of Aldrich, says' that his clientis sane
ana has the testimony of prominent phy
sicians to that effect. Aldrich lives at a
fashionable hotel and moves in good so
ciety, but under the law he cannot vote,
marry. or manage his property. His ef
forts to be adjudged' sane meet withthej
bitterest opposition by his relatives:
SANE IN FACT,
INSANE BY LAW
' '. Alexander} McKenzie,' ex-recelver ' in the
Cape Nome'mining cases,' will have com-'
pany in \ the _" Alameda' County Jail } in the
person .of ex-Judge . Dudley Dubose as
soon as i the United States Marshal is able
to^lay his hands upon the person' of that
dignified gentleman, j , : .The United i States
Circuit , Court of Appeals"* yesterday ad
judged "Judge Dubose guilty, of contempt
and sentenced him\to be : : imprisoned for
six months in the Alameda County Jail.
";¦-¦¦ Nothing can"' be; done; in the , way of ar
resting the; Judge, who'ls now. at Cape
Nome/ until navigation opens next month,
whenVsteps'Jwill be taken to . apprehend
him. and bring him to this city, en rotfte
to the Alameda jail. >. ' ; '-".'.
There < is^ a probability t also that several
other distinguished gentlemen will occu^
py cells in* the' Alanieda' jail for the: same
.offense if the- courf*. thinks .wfell of a sug
gestion' made 'yesterday in court by. At
torney .E. S. 'Pillsbury. Mr. Pillsbury
called the attention of Circuit Judges Gil
bert, '„ Ross : and .Morrow tp the fact 1 that
others were equally guilty with Judge Du
bose, . namely, * United States District
,Judge~Noyes, Thomas J. Geary, •> Lawyer
Hume- and United States District Attor
ney. "Wood: of Alaska. . ¦ "
Mr. » Pillsbury- suggested thatthe testi
mony, taken, in. the "contempt .cases
showed 'that Judge Noyes of the District
Court of Alaska had issued an injunction
after • the writ of supersedeas had been
issued by the United States Circuit Court
of. Appeals, thereby violating the writ,
and that inasmuch as the coiirt had found
Judge Dubose guilty of advising Comp
tois, Mr. Geary was also equally guilty
and so was Mr. Hume. "United States
Attorney "Wood had the keys to the vault
containing the gold dust, the subject of
the writ, and refused to give them up,
which refusal compelled the United States
Marshal \ to break the locks forcibly. » Mr.
Pillsbury said that he did not desire to
make ¦ any .motion; - he simply suggested
that this condition of .affairs existed, and
the court took . the matter under.advise
ment. ¦;• ••¦ , '.' ' ¦ . ' .,
The opinion of the court In the case of
the contempt of Judge Dubose was .writ
ten by Judge Morrow.; The following are
extracts dealing with -the salient points:
It is charged in this case that Dudley Du
bose Esq., one of the attorneys for the ap
pellee. O. Jose Comptols, . on the 15th . day of
December, 1900, at Caoe Nome, Alaska, . advised
the said Comptols to alsobey and to refuse to
comply i with a certain order and writ of su
persedeas issued out of this court on the 29th
day of August. , 1900. by direction of one of • its
Judges. ' ¦" -,.
Gist of the Opinion. v -_
This is one of several : cases ' wherein Arthur
H. Noyes, .District Judge -for the district of
Alaska, Second Division, . appointed Alexander
McKenzie receiver. to take charge of and man
age, mine and ; work - certain placer mining
claims on Anvil Creek In the Cape Nome min
ing district. .•: » •• -. . - . ••',
• The testimony -in support of ' the charge ofi
contempt shows 'that the respondent declared)
that he advised his clients not- to obey the?
writs, of the' Circuit Court of Appeals and that
he would continue to give that advice. • • •
These writs . were "all disobeyed • by Receiver
McKenzie and the plaintiffs in all j the cases
appear to have acted in concert in supporting
his disobedience; in other words, it is appar
ent that there was a. general harmony of pur
pose: on the part of the plaintiffs in all the
cases wherein McKenzie was • appointed re
ceiver to resist the authority of the Circuit
Court of Appeals in granting appeals and
awarding I writs of supersedeas. ? * . * -
There can be no question as to the right of
an attorney, to advise his- client as to the va
lidity of an order" of court or of a writ issued
under its authority,: where ' such - an order or
writ affects the' client's Interests; and If; after
investigation;* it is the attorney's honest belief
that such order or writ Is Illegal an«J*void his
advice to that effect Will not render him liable
for an error of. Judgment. But an attorney
cannot go beyond the right to- advise, and,
actuated by a spirit of resistance, - conspire
with' his client, or with others, to disobey an
order of court, obstruct the due administration
of the laws and bring the authority of a court
of justice Into contempt.. *,*.*" '
- Point in Dubose'sujTavor.
i- There Is but one conclusion to be drawn from
such, proceedings, and that is that the ap
pointment of a receiver to work and mine the
placer claim owned by the defendant was the
beginning and the end of the cause of action.
It is to be said in favor of the respondent,
however, and in mitigation of his punishment,
that the testimony, shows that when" the dep
uty marshals .arrived at Nome . on October 15,
1900. to execute the writ of supersedeas the
respondent expressed himself as regretting that
he had misapprehended < and misconstrued the
writ, and ' he thereupon advised * obedience to
its" requirements. This fact will be given its
full weight in the judgment of the court.'. • •
• It is, therefore, considered v and adjudged that
the respondent did ' commit'; contempt of • this
court as charged, and for the contempt so com
mitted it is now ordered and adjudged that he,
the said Dudley Dubose, be imprisoned in the
County Jail of Alameda | County,' California,
for the period of six months. The Marshal will
execute this - judgment. •„ .-¦: ¦.
Judge Noyes and Dis trict At
torne^y Wood Also May Be
i '-"'¦¦':-. " \ .- - ¦ > Punished. -
Court of Appeals Holds
'¦ -Former Jurist Guilty
of Contempt. 1
DUDLEY DUBOSE
TO GO TO JAIL
Keeper . of Famous Roadhouse Close by the Park
,/ Passes Away at Advanced Age.
COLONEL DIGKEY DIES
AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
END OF STRIKE
NOT IN SIGHT
Waiters in French Rest
aurants*- May Be
Forced Out.
Wholesale Dealers Also May
¦ . Become /a. Factor in
\ Controversy.
All kinds of statements are being made
by those concerned in -the controversy be
tween the cooks arid waiters on the one
har.d and the restaurant proprietors on
the other. 7-r •'
As predicted by The Call yesterday,
three more kitchen crews left their work
during the day. but they were early re
placed by others. Both sides . still seem
confident of ultimate victory. Both the
Restaurant Keepers' Association and the
Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance met last
night In their respective headquarters and
discussed the situation.
Numerous restaurants throughout the
city are closed through the inability of the
proprietors to secure the requisite help.
It is claimed on behalf of the restaurant
proprietors that they are willing this
. should be so, in order that a lesson might
be taught people who are compelled to go
bungry. On the other hand, the waiters
and cooks claim that it is due to the in
ability of the employers to secure needed
help.
No definite conclusions were reached at
the meetings held last night. Matters of
detail merely were considered. The situ
ation Is not 'satisfactory to the diner out.
In many restaurants the service is bad,
and in others there is none at all. In
Bome, particularly those places having
union cards in their window^, the num
' ber of persons appearing during the busy
hours of the day is so great that the
waiters cannot attend to them.
A peculiar phase of the controversy is
the "French" restaurant proprietors.
Every effort is beins made to bring out
the employes of these places. Many have
joined the union, but so far the French
i restaurants have not been Involved In the
present embroglio. In an endeavor to in
volve the waiters in these places in the
strike some drastic measures may be at
¦ tempted.
Much depends on the possible action of
the wholesale dealers in the matter of
eervlng their customers. If they decide
not to supply union houses and their men
refuse, through union principles, to deliver
goods to non-union houses, an issue will
arise that will Involve more than those
who are concerned at present.
No action has as yet been taken by the
executive committee of the Labor Coun
cil looking to a general boycott
- .* ..... • «
Bartenders' Union Meots.
The Bartenders' Union received twenty
four new applications for membership
last nlcht. Addresses were made by Or
panlzer J. D. Pierce- and Secretary Ed
Rosenberg: of the San Francisco Labor
Council. The union decided to levy a fine
of $10 on any member who should be
found patronizing an "unfair" Testaurant.
Beer Bottlers' Union.
The. Bottled Beer Drivers' Union has
been- organized under the auspices of the
United Brewery Workmen. The strike of
the Cooks and Waiters' Alliance was in
dorsed and it was decided to tender them
the" full sympathy of the union. This
union will meet on the first and third
Mondays of each month at 1159 Mission
street.
CHINESE SLAVE GIRL
CAFTTJBED OUT A BOAT
Taken to a Steamer by Tines High
binders and Concealed. Under
Some Blankets.
A Chinese fe'irl, apparently not more
than 17 or 1? years old. was captured
early yesterday morning by Chtaese In
spector John Endicott Gardner and Dep
uty United States Marshal Delanoie. The
girl had been taken from. Chinatown by
three highbinders and placed on board the
steamer Pride of the River, which was to
start for Stoeiiton at 11 o'clock yesterday
forenoon. The action of the highbinders
was observed by some white persons,
who notified Miss Lake at the Chinese
Methodist Mission. Miss Lake telephoned
to Jnspector Gardner, said the inspector
at once secured the services of Deputy
Marshal Delancie and visjted the steamer. .
They found the pirl secreted in the cook's
room under a pile of blankets.
The girl was taken to. the Methodist
Mission, where she admitted to Inspector
Gardner that she had neither been born
nor registered in this country and had
been landed here several years ago. A
charge of being unlawfully in the country
was preferred against her. She gave her
name as Tsoy Shim.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday dismissed lie cases of Yi
"Wong Nim and Kwan Kum Tuk, arrested
in -the recent Federal raid for being il
legally in the country.
Jurors Will Sue.
A petition for a writ oC mandate to com
pel the Board of Supervisors to allow the
demands of jurors agiinst the treasury
for fees for serving jn criminal trials
¦will be filed to-day by Attorney Louis P.
Boardman. The action will be instituted
under the law enacted by the last Legis
lature. The demand of Roland H. Powell
was disallowed by the board yesterday,
and upon this action by the board the suit
will be based.
Will of John F. English.
The will of the late John F- English,
who died April 28, was filed for probate
yesterday. In the petition it Is stated de
cedent's estate is valued, at about $5000.
Decedent bequeaths his entire estate to
his wife, "Wflhelmine English, who ' Is
named as executrix.
YELLOW LUNCHEON" FOR
'l 1 H K SOROSIS PRESIDENT
Club Women Give an Elaborate Spread
in Honor of Mrs.
' Eckart.
The ladles of Sorosls gave a magrniacent
luncheon yesterday In honor of their re
tiring president, Mrs. Eckart One hun
dred and fifty ladles sat down to a «de
hpious menu. It was a yellow luncheon,
and the small round tables were decorated
with yellow poppies.
Mrs. Curran Clark was toastmistress.
Mrs. Josephine de Gresar read a charm
in)? and original poem, dedicated to the
club's president. Mrs. Murphy spoke on
""Women's Clubs." Mrs. E. B. Church re
sponded to the toast "Coming 1 "Women and
Coming' Clubs." Mrs. F. Sanborn took
care of the toast "To. the President/* :
The ladies had as their guests the pres
idents of all the women's clubs of this
city. -
suit yesterday against "William Glselman,
as executor of the will of the late William
A. Piper, to recover $19,654 55, alleged by
the plaintiff to be the distributive share
of the late Le Roy Piper in the estate of
his uncle, "William A. Piper.
12
THE ,: SAN; FRANCISCQ CAlil^ - TUESDAY, MAY 'f< 1901.;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V 46% j
A Perfect Food DrfnS
Made from the choicest
fruits and cereals : grown
in California.
Possesses a delicate flavor
and aroma not found in
any other Cereal Coffee,
All grocers sell it,
&1OO invested THIS
WEEK in a proposition we
now have on hand WILL
MAKE you $1000.
JAS. R. T. MERSHO!^
Member S. F. Oil Exchange. #
S37, 538, 539, 5SO PARROTT BDC.S.F.
FOR -STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT .an'iDYSPEPSIV
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
I PISTES. .UOO Jj
FILLINGS 25 0
l"^S&: CMWNSi ' 3iSD 8
I TE^ YEARS* §
I "YAEVR00M" I
I - PA mtSS DE*I I ISTR Y. I
1 10/1 j^gT ST.," C 3 r. ,6Sh. I
tationfreeandaacretJly confldentlaU Call o'-idd«M
«O ir a lA.carny tst^ San Francisco, CcJ- -
MONDAY. ; ; ,
I $8 *tJT all depends upon. -what you want in a soap. .
i§M If you require simply a dirt remover, almost
any soap will do. But if you care at all about
•; l^^iJ the thing which is to'be [washed, you must
tnink twice before you act. Any soap will clean linens .
arid muslins, but Ivory Soap leaves them as white as
show. Any soap will dean sheets and table cloths, but
•¦ Ivory Soap leaves no coarse, strong odor. Try.it once!
' f IT FLOATS. ; •
•a»Y«l9HT 1HI IT THE FROCTM * SMMBLt CS.'eiN«INIIATI
1 ¦ IlG C\ OILIlIOIi OI S11OC" ' rT^JSlv /*v^?
: _-; V ' . . '" ¦¦" '- ¦ '¦ v ¦ ¦ .- ...,..".... •'..-''-. . '"'. " ¦