Five thousand dollars have been offered
for the detection of the perpetrators of
the robbery by the Selby Smelting Works.
Greater rewards than that will be forth
coming, and when the Pinkertons, the
Morses, the State and county police and
private detectives fall in line for a com
mon purpose the race will be a keen one.
The head employes at the smelting works
hope for and anticipafe the discovery of
the criminals in the near future. No
Treasure Island romance with its charts
mid burled gold gives them a thousht.
Whether as a subterfuge or with afore
thought design red pepper was strewn
frorc the tunnel Into the vault to the
place where It Is supposed the robbers
racde their escape. All traces of pepper
end abruptly on the rocks of the shore
not further than a stone's throw from
the entrance to the vault. Some of the
keen scented detectives sniff a ruse In
this red pepper trail; others declare that
Its purpose was natural — to choke all ca
nine ' "following. And the questions now
propounded to the detective mind are
ones of direction, of escape. Was it by
•water or. was It by land? Has the booty
been sunk, or has It been burled, or is It
In possession of the daring criminals?
An<*. as to these- crlmlnals^-did they take
the water route or the land route? ' More
than one mind is puzzling over these prob
lems of detection. The shores of San
Pablo are being scoured by screening
eyes, the hills of Contra Costa and So-
Iheo are being searched and sounded and
the waters watched for strange and sus
picious craft.
three-eighths of an inch and placed close
to the outside wall of the building, was
the mark for the daring and bold scheme
of the men who succeeded in carry
ing away the greater portion of the gold
and sliver wealth within. Generous in
crime, they did not take It alL Scoffing
at the sliver bullion, nothing but the
g^jld bricks were passed out from the
vault to the confederates In waiting. But
this gold bullion was heavy enough and
rich enough for all that engaged In the
radertaklng. Eleven hundred pounds of
It were packed away before the labor of
love . was ended.
Whoever they were that planned the
knew well In advance of the deed
all surrounding' conditions umi drcum-
Etances with which they had to contend.
The very flimsy lodgment of the bullion
Invited a pilfering. More than a half mil
lion dollars bolted and barred in a casque
of steel, whose walls -were no thicker than
successful. For artistic simplicity In the
operation of the theft and in the amount
stolen no bullion robbery has a right to
a htarlngr 'with this of the Selby Smelting
"Works at Crockett.
ett. The thieves axe at large.
and, with the booty, are covering their
tracks from a score or more of detec
tives specially employed to unearth their
hiding-place and to locate the -where
abouts of this vast amount of convertible
BTcld. In the history of crime this robbery
/will surmount all its predecessors. In
conception, In design and In execution it
trd grand as a landmark In criminology.
Conceived by master spirits and carried
out •with such supreme directness, this
.robbery is almost grotesque In its utter
simplicity. A short tunnel was dug In
the earth, a thin slab of steel drilled
through for an opening, the bullion
•packed away and up to date an escape
made that many fear will be completely
Q OLD bullion to the value of
$280,000 was stolen early yester
day morning from the Selby
Smelting Works vault at Crock-
All the Precious Metal Is Taken From the
Safe, but Two Bars Are Left on the
Rocks Beyond the Railroad Tunnel
Robbers Tunnel the Building and Drill
Through Floor of the Steel Vault, Reap
ing a Rich and Fruitful Golden Harvest
GREATEST BULLION THEFT
OF ALL TIME AND THE
SIMPLEST IN EXECUTION
FLOCK OF DETECTIVES
SCOUR SHORE AND HILLS
OF CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
Many Theories of Escape Are Advanced
and a Search Is Being Made for the
Jobbers and the Gold Brick Booty
-
J. J. Murphy, a Meat Market. Proprietor of
Crockett, Furnishes a Possible Clew
as tp the Identity of One of the Gang
MORE THAN A QUARTER OF A MILLION
DOLLARS IS STOLEN FROM THE VAULTS
OF SELBY SMELTING WORKS AT CROCKETT
PRICE FI^Eb^ENTS.
SAK FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST TV 1901.
The Selby smelting, plant Is a big In
dustry. Thousands and thousands of dol
lars in bullion form are turned out month
ly and after the process from rock to bar
Is completed the heavy, compact - bricks
are stored in vaults. There are two of
these safes in the long, low sheds at
Crockett, one at the north end, the other
at'the south. It. was the former that was
undermined • and entered. Ten ' feet long,
five feet wide and six feet high, this bafe
contained on Monday evening about one
half million dollars in gold and silver.
Month after month the heavy .metal
bricks were rolled Into this vault pre
paratory to a consignment to the Mint.'
Robbery was . never 'thought of,/ for^the
safe was In the big room where the lead
emelters work at the' furnaces • and day
and night shift crews operate. incessantly.
Three watchmen keep a steady vigil. ",The
men who concocted the $280,000 steal" were
well aware that the safe was inaccessible
from the interior • of • the building.-: "With
the noise of passing trains on* the outside
and the rumble and hissing and sizzling
of the furnaces within they, knew. tha,t no
light sound would force attention to their
midnight deed. - So the tunnel was/dug
close to the building, not deeper than
three feet and penetrating no more thau
four feet beyond the outer wall- line.
Then began the task of drilling upward.
First a two-inch plank was penetrated
and sawed away, leaving the thin steel
floor exposed to boring augers. In this
narrow tunnel but one man could work
at a time and he must of necessity have
Planning of the Robbery arid
Taking -'Away of the
Gold.
CARRYING OUT
OF BOLD SCHEME
They look to the morrow and speak
confidently of a certain solution and capt
ure. With eyes on the ground the de
tectives are hot at work. They are not so
sanguine, although just as earnest. The
orizing is a flourishing pastime Just at"
present and the Contra Costa hills and
chores fairly reek with it .
'-.F-or- further details, concemlnj;
robbery see Page Two. , ;
. VIENNA/ Aug. 6.-^ At a largely attended
meeting ''of shoemakers ;. here to-night it
was decided,: iri' spite :-'of l ,the announce
ment that ,anV American . firm - would not
open : a. branch in. Vienna, that . the shoe
makers should/continue * the anti-Ameri
can crusade,' with the view of guarding
against a .recrudescence' of '""Yankee
schemes.".; No definite" decision- was j ar
rived J at as to what '. form t the next action
of the shoemakefs ; will take. " "
American ; Shoemakers Crusaded.
.¦' "You' can say that the national organi
zation will be ; completed 'by January. 1,"
said/ a:; prominent Indiana, operator.
"When the States are organized the na
tional'body will control" practically all of
the .bituminous, output In the' country. The
national' organization, will be- flnancad by
'J. P." Morgan and. his, friends.?:'.
I CHICAGO, "Aug. 6.— As a- result of a se
¦ ¦ * v i ¦ ¦ . . . ¦ /¦ '.¦ • -
cret meeting of the finance committee of
the ¦ proposed $200,000,000 coal trust, . held
here to-day, 'it is' said that the. combina
tion will be completed by .the' first of next
year..; ¦ / :•' ¦, j . ./ ' '.'.
Dollar Trust.
of a Three Hundred Million
r] ans ¦¦ Completed for ,the Formation
.WILL SECUEE CONTEOL
; OF . ALL BITUMINOUS COAL
'Spreading, the /report .simultaneously
with; the discovery, of; the theft,' ihie
watchmen to search ¦ for the; trail
"of the irobbers.; ".Red; pepper '^served ;as
footprints. -In' their {escape they/ poured
haridf iil_ af terhandf ul' alorigthe track that
runs through the short tunnel just beyond
the 'smelting. works. YAnd' from the' track
tothe rocks on"the shore, where it ended
"abruptly. A 1 boat .was seen . on * Monday,
night : tied -to/the broken '; piles \of. the Val
lejo Junction wharf. " Itr is supposed thai
the robbers made their escape in this" boat
'The steamer, Sunol was to carry the'gold
to the city. "At <5 o'clock' yesterday
ing/she was 'moored; to, the-- company's
Wharf and . then •Foreman \ Jack .- * Owens
went to the. vaults: for the bullion -which'
was ¦ .toi.be : shipped -to. this, city. ! He at-.
[tempted to open', the r.'. door but fpundlit
blocked." Using a bar, hes finally, pried it
open arid . in 'a moment realized what -had
happened. %The * gold t,bullion .had 'dlsap-'
peared: The silver wasleft. ..' ;; . ¦ -t I'
denly 'quit: his\work and: exclaimed loud
enough for/ his co-laborers j to hear : him:
"There's either, a devil- or a ghost in that'
box." They*" all glistened but no .further
noise emanated' from. the /vault. '¦ McGlynn
subsided; rather sorry.that he had_spok"en. :
All this time the work on the outside went
on.'- '"'¦' . r '... : •"! ''.'"'':¦• ¦'¦¦- /-.'¦¦¦ '•". ' •'.'-• '¦¦ < '¦ "'
Knowledge of;- the • amount of gold ;and
silver inHhe Selby bullion vaults is easily
obtained.^ The workmen see It as it is
rolled Into the Iron box "and any. .one ; fa
miliar with the customs of the place would
readily knowAwhen ¦ and' 'when not ' to
spring the -job. %With the 136 contiguous
holes bored into the floor, the time for ac
tion" depended upon the deposit of , the bul
lion inthe vault. 1 9 and 10 o'clock
Monday night J.' .' G. Johnson and , Jack
Owens, employes, of' the" Selby Smelting
Works, entrusted with the placing of the
bullion In, the vaults, v deposlted the gold,
and silver bricks therein. .Busy in the
same room and . at ' the same time "were
twenty lead workers. At midnight Watch
men J. G. Johnson, Tom Owens and . H.
Benson made their rounds. -, They heard
"nothing, saw nothing. Not until far into
the night was the trace of a sound heard;'
Then a Emelter, McGlynnby name, sud-
«ro .; ¦ ¦ - : .'.;¦¦¦
The chances of discovery while this
work was " going . on must ; have been tre
mendous. A railroad track on which cars
are^nmjiip" and down the night is
laid not' five [feet- di£tantjfrom\the build
ing. .The outer^enirancerto^the tunnel was
closed up with' dirt '"after every nocturnal
operatiorifand removed when the work
was '¦ -recommenced." _ Confederates must
•have stoo*djguard v wheriever the "prelimin
ary plans 'were' being put in execution and
time and circumstance tuned to a nicety. \.
been forced to cramp his body into a sit
ting posture as he drilled and drilled and
drilled. One hundred and times
did he bore into the steel floor, and when
his work was. done and the time for forc
ing out the oval piece of "steel came he
had finished a labor that must have used
up many hours of many nights in the con
summation.' ; : On Monday, night . or .. early.
Tuesday morning ..the steel plate .was
forced upward and the -hole made by
which the robber could .enter ; into the
vault. • . • • ¦:. ¦
' and thence no: one knows "whither.
'; It was not an easy task to pack the loot
ed gold bullion. Four 'bars of .997% refined
gold, weighing in j toto 309 j pounds, ' and
about . twenty ' small bars ' of ! various sizes
were/ hauled i'away. " On the. rocks at the
further opening of the railroad tunnel two
gold bars were foundi by 'the watchman.
This represented $16,000, ; ! a relict due to
haste in departure from' the Contra Costa
shore or a ruse. to throw the searchers off
the' scent." ": '''¦'.. .
Suspicion is also fastened on Dick Phe
lan, who kept a saloon in- the neighber-
With but the meagerest sort of clews to
work on the .detectives,, in,, consultation
have already -hit upon two distinct sus
pects, one known by name, the other so
far unidentified. Through. J. J. Murphy, a
meat-marketer of Crockett, '"•the.' police
were enabled to begin official operations.
For the last six mornlng3 preceding the
robbery Murphy saw' a stranger pass his
place : about 4 o'clock, and as he acted- In
a peculiar, suspicious way Murphy's curi
osity ¦ was aroused. The" stranger's hat
was pulled over his eyos . and his furtive
manner made Murphy feel uneasy. Three
days ago Murphy stopped the man and
to his surprise; noticed evidences of
freshly: turned sand on his clothes.' The
market man describes the unknown as a
bright, intelligent person with piercing
eyes, a mustache, of a. heavy-set figure,
medium height" and .wearing clothes of a
"good quality.- This is number one for
whom the ,: sheriffs- and I constables are
keeping-open their weather eyes. :
Superintendent Sayers of the Pinkerton
Agency and Hsrry Morse and ex-Chief of
Police Lees have been engaged by the
Sclby Company to solve the problem in
gold disappearance. At the Selby "Works"
last night there was a symposium of some
twenty detectives, and the robbery was.
discussed ' and churned from ' the pro
fessional 'standpoint.'
Captain Seymour received notification
yesterday morning and sent dispatches at
once to every sheriff along the coast,
north and south, and In -all • the bay
counties, to be on the lookout for the
robbers -and that a reward of $3000 had
been offered for their apprehension. Cap
tain Seymour detailed Detective ,T. B.
Gibson to assist in the case and Gibson
is now on the scene.
¦ - ¦ . Ropp, wired to Sheriff R.
R. Veale of Contra Costa County and to
the local office on Montgomery street.
Later in the tl ay. , bunches of, detectives,
floated into Crockett and Vallejo Junc
tion. . There was no escaping them and
they will all come together for consulta
tion and'action. .'• . > . .
"*a. ¦'¦Sr w.HEN the news of the
jOl F robbery' was made gen-
/ erally known at' .the
rw . <wf smelting works the super
* . ¦ » _ . intendent, Alfred. von der
Some twenty-five or thirty years ago a
robbery on like lines was planned In con
nection with the Sub-Treasury on Com
mercial street, in' this city, but It. was not
carried through. Crooks from the East
came: to San Francisco and rented a place
a door or two above the Sub-Treasury
building which they fitted up as a saloon
at j a cost of several thousand dollars.
"When ¦well settled and fully acquainted
with the surroundings they started a tun
nel in the cellar of their building, toward
the vaults of the Treasury in which at the
time were nearly 5100,000,000 in gold. Run
ning short of ready cash, they did some
work on the side and thereby aroused sus
picion on' the part of the police, perceiving
which they levanted. On examination of
the place after their departure their work
so far as done was discovered and thfl'ul-'—^
timate design made evident.
Several robberies of banks In the East
by which large amounts were „ secured
have been effected by tunneling, but th©
plunder was in the shape of currency and
bends easily carried on the person or in a
hand satchel, but never before has such
a weight cf precious metal been secured
and carried off by cracksmen. The rich
ness of the haul would have made Captain .
Kidd or Sir Walter Raleigh turn green
with envy, even though they worker!,
openly and U3ed cannon -to enforce their
demands. .
"When the session of detectives ended
there was much talk about the robberies I
of other days. In the detective mind the
following noteworthy events in robbery
were lun over again:
At the meeting of detectives last even-
Ing a machinist testified from an expert
viewpoint- that the hole in the bottom of
the safe was cut out by a professional
on account of the mathematical accuracy
of the borings. The plate wa3 lifted off
after the least possible number of holes
•was bored.
Then the red pepper came up for dissua
sion. ' It was agreed that the pepper wa3
on hand for the purpose cf throwing It .
into . the eyes of any possible disturber
during the busy hours of the night when
the gold was removed. An inquisition of
the storekeepers in Vallejo Junction ami
Crockett revealed nothing in regard to
the purchase of an extraordinary quantity
of red pepper.
Two theories of escape were discussed.
The detectives have divided themselves
into the land sharps and the water sharps.
The upholders of a water escape baae
their judgment on the 'trail of pepper to
the water's edge, the tying of the boat
to the piles nearby and the relict of goM
bricks. The other partisans bristle with
the belief that the gold and the men
whose backs must ache from the packing
of It have turned Inland. Sunken treas
ure or escape up the river or out into the
deep waters have no. charm for them.
Their "ideas run to burial— an earth con
cealment—and a hiding. Thinking that
the gang who so boldly and successfully
accomplished the robbery must nave
herded together before the blow was
struck a rigid search will be made for a
camp.
hood three fyiears. ago. .'He has been seen
hawking" about Vallejo ' Junction. *Phelan
has not - been found and the search for
him will be . continued to-day. Another
man named Hall Is wanted. He also is
among those suspected.
VOLUME XC— NO. 68.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
IN'-- AND ABOUT 1 THE : .VAULT
WHICH WAS LOOTED OF. ITS
TREASURE. ¦/; : .: . : !by a Storm in Northern Santa
Barbara County. ;
Extraordinary Spectacle Presented
GREAT WAI/L OF WATER
FLOODS MOJTO CANTON
.The young woman, was tying her horsa
near the corner of State and Orange
streets when the animal became fright
ened at some plumes on her hat and be
gan to back. The young woman was an
gry and struck the horse with the strap
she was tying him with. She had no more
than done so when he Jumped at her,
rearing in the air.
Miss Swartz was so badly frightened
she was unable to move as the animal
sprang upon her. The brute's Jaws closed
with a snap on her face, - and her Jaw,
lips, nose and brows were fearfully lacer
ated. There were many men almost
within an arm's length of the girl, but
none realized her peril in time to save
her from .the brute's furv, although he
was thrown to the ground and held pros
trate by twenty captors before the faint
ing woman fell to the pavement. Surgical
assistance was at once called and every
effort was made to compose Miss
Swartz's features in a way to prevent the
most serious disfigurement. The attend
ing physicians fear lockjaw, but say that
If this does not set in the young woman
will recover from the shock of her dread
ful experience, though she must always
bear the marks of the horse's teeth on
her face. '
REDLANDS, Aug. 6.— Miss Amie Swartz
was bitten by her driving horse yester
day and disfigured for life in the pres^
ence of 200 people.
_ Special Dispatch to The Call.
To-day the Pacific Coast Company,
through Its attorney. L. L. Cory, com
menced suit against the J. B. Inderrleden
Company; to recover possession of 660.CCT
pounds of raisins valued at $34,947 57, and
damages to the amount of $5000. If delivery
of the raisins cannot be had plaintiff aska
judgment for the value of the goods.
About two weeks • ago the California
Raisin Growers' Association sold its
carry-over of last season's raisms to tha
California Raisin Packing Company. This
company made the purchase with an
agreement that the Pacific Coast Com
pany would take- the contract off its
hands. The deal having been consum
mated the Pacific Company demanded tho
raising, but the holders refused to de
liver them, claiming that the sale of the
raisins had not been legal and that the
growers outside of the "big five" com
bine, or -the Pacific Company, were en
titled to the raisins.
Accordingly yesterday morning about 4
o'clock Lee Gray, Frank Gray. Thomas
Lynch, Henry Pratt and Samuel Samuel
son, representing the "big five," left
Fresno with a force of workmen on a
special train of seven cars and went to
Selma. There they forcibly entered the
Hoyt house and commenced to load the"
raisins on the cars. A watchman was in
charge of the building, but he was asleep
and did not wake up until two cars wera
loaded. He immediately swore to com
plaints charging the men with burglary
and all were arrested. They were released
on bonds of $1000. The work of loading
continued and the train returned to
Fresno about noon with all the raisins.
Considerable litigation Is expected to re
sult from the affair.
FRESNO, Aug. 6.— The raisin merchants
In this city ar© much stirred up over the
forcible seizure this morning of 8000 fifty
pound boxes of raisins stored In the W.
S. Hoyt & Co. packing-house In Selma by
the officials of the Pacific Coast Seeded
Raisin Company. " -It"
Special Dispatch to Tte Osfl.
Eight Thousand Boxes
Taken by Force
From Selma.
The Maddened Animal
Frightfully Disfigures
Its Owner.
SEIZE RAISINS
IN WAREHOUSE
ANGRY HORSE
BITES A GIRL
carried out by some one
who knew the customs in force
concerning the. depositing of bullion
in • the vault. Around the first of
the month we have more bunion in
the vault than at other times. ' The hole
was drilled through a section of the floor
which is seldom or never covered with
metal bricks. Had the holes been drilled
several inches farther back the piece or
SUPERINTENDENT* VON DER
ROPP of the Selby Smelting
Works said. yesterday: "The rob
bery was certainly planned and
steel would have been forced out by a
pile of silver bullion. k _ V
"I should think that "a gang of at least
five men operated this robbery. The oval
plate of steel was pushed in with the aid
of a Jack, as it Is bent and shows pres
sure from underneath. The robbery was
not the work of a single day. Many weeka
were consumed in tbe planning:. You will
find rust on the borings.
"They had a hard task to pack that bul
lion away and I think that the robbers
have taken It inland. They will not set
away with it, though, for it will b© found
and the thieves caught."
Says Men Were Familiar With the Lay of
Things— The Plans Were Thought Out
Long Before the Final Effort Was Made
SUPERINTENDENT VON DER
ROPP ON THE ROBBERY
LOOTING OF ELEVEN HUNDRED POUNDS OF GOLD
BAKER -CITY, Or.. Aug. 6.— A forest
fire broke out in the mountains back of
tho North Pole .mine, near Bourne this
afternoon. It la now burning. fiercely and
threatens the mine property and a large
body of fine timber.- The fire Is supposed
to -be the- result of carelessness on "the
part of campers.- •
SAN JOSE, Augv 6.— Three cheap wood
en dwellings : on Market street,' near * San
Antonio, were gutted by fire this evening,
the total loss being about 52000. The occu
pants were Mrs. Mary Pacheco, .William
Huey, "Dr. Frank,". a Chinaman, "and Jim
Lee,\ a laundryman. •;¦ "3Phe fire originated
from a lamp explosion.-.. ¦'¦•" . ¦ r-
Fire Destroys San Jose Houses.
nounces that its wireless telegraph station
on Nantucket Island. Mass., will be ready
to receive regular message from ships at
sea beginning August 16.
Messages From Ships at Sea.
NEW YORK. Aug. 6.— The Herald an-
SPOKANE. Wash., Aug. 6.— Jack Dow
ney, who claimed to be a pugilist during
his 'Stay of a year in Spokane, is dying
at a farmhouse near Garfleld with both
legs cut off. Downey left Spokane this
afternoon for Napa, Cal.,- where he has
relatives. ; While under the Influence of
liquor he wandered to the platform be
tween the day coaches, lost his footing
and fell between the cars, 1 the wheels
passing, over both legs between the thighs
and knees. He was taken to a farm
house near by. ! The physician says Dow
ney cannot live, as he was injured in
ternally. Downey Is not his true name.t
Pugilist Injured by. a Train.
WILLIAMS, Aug. 6.— A. Zeller of Wil
lows, en route' to Cooks Springs, commit
ted suicide last night at the Williams
Hotel. After disrobing he tied a handker
chief around his neck, looped it over the
door knob and strangled himself. He was
found at noon to-day. He was 50 years
old. .. ,.-.--• ¦-.;.
Strangles Himself in a Room.
A, suggestion has been : made that a
match between teams of. golfers repre
senting Northern- and Southern Califor
nia would be a popular and interesting
event, and the contest will probably be
successfully brought off during the golf
ing week at Del Monte. Such events take
place regularly at the tournaments of the
Southern California CJolf Association, the
teams usually consisting i of four men
from each of the associate . and allied
clubs comprising the association. . ¦
But few regular entries have been made
so far for the ladies' competition for the
Poniatowskicup, but It is expected ; that h
good. number of players will take part in
the contest.. Mrs. R. Gilman Brown of the
San Francisco and San' Rafael Golf clubs
and Mrs. H. H. . Sherwood of the Oakland
Golf Club, are: already practicing on the
Burlingame links, and several ladies from
the south are expected to come up for the
event. ¦
It is now certain that the open competi
tion for amateur and professional golfers
to take place August 24 at Del Monte will
be a very interesting event. T..P. Gower,
the secretary of the Pacific Coast Golf
Association, announces that the follow
ing amateurs, who rank among the best
In the State, will take part in the event:
E. R. Folger of the Oakland Golf Club,
winner of the first championship of the
Pacific Coast,' John Lawson, C..E. Maud,
C. -E. Orr, champion of Southern Cali
fornia in 1900, H. M. Sears, N. Wllshlre,
R. M. Fitzgerald. W. P. Johnson, C. P.
Hubbard, and probably R. H. Hay Chap
man, president of the Southern Califor
nia Golf Association. It is hoped that
Walter Cosby, one of the strongest golf
ers of the south, will enter the contest.
Among professionals there will be F..J.
Riley of the Burllngame Country Club,
Alexander Bell of San Rafael, W. .J.
Bradley of Sacramento, Robert Johnson
of the San Francisco Golf Club and James
Melville of Del Monte. Whether Harry
Rawlins' of the Oakland Golf Club will
enter is not certain. '- ;. v
Southern California Will Strive
for Open Championship.
Strongest Players of Northern and
NOTED GOLFERS ENTEE
DEL MONTE CONTESTS
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 6.— A decapitat
ed woman was found last night lying on
the Santa Fe tracks near the junction
with the Southern Pacific about two miles
east of this city by a switching crew of
the Santa Fe. The body was to-day
identified as that of Maude Raymond,
who was employed in a lodging-house in
this city. She was intoxicated last night.
The body was lying between" the tracks
while' her head lay outside the rails. One
arm was pulled out of its socket while
the other was completely cut off. An
inquest was held this afternoon and the
jury returned a verdict that the woman
came to her death by being run over by
the cars.
Meets With Terrible Death on
the Track. •
Bakersfleld Lodging-Hou&e Employe
WOMAN DECAPITATED
BY A BAILBOAD TRAIBT
Prussian Officials Are Worried;
BERLIN, Aug. 6.— Prussian officials
take sericusly the statement from St: : Pe
tersburg that Russia will forbid Russian
farm laborers to -cross the frontier for
summer work in Prussia. It is considered
probable, the Berliner Correspondenz as
serts, that the Russian Government Is
taking this " step as'- retaliation for .' the
German tariff bill. ; / '
I.ONDON, Aug. 7.— The House of Com
mons last night discussed a vote of, £6,
500,000 as a grant in aid of the Transvaal
and Orange River colonies. Sir William
Vernon Harcourt and others severely crit
icized the Government's measures. Cham
berlain, replying, said he quite agreed
that. the Government's first duty was to
the royalist refugees, and he declared that
money would not be spared for that pur
pose. '
"It Is also a matter of Imperial. policy,"
said the Colonial Secretary, "to give. the
necessary support to those of our enemies
who come into our hands. One million of
the" vote is for extra r rolling stock. - A
large sum will be devoted to reinstating
the Bders on their farms -and an'experi
ment will be made in the direction of ag
ricultural settlements.
"There is no intention of confiscation.
We have had offers of land at reasonable
prices, and a portion of the vote will be
devoted to the purchase of such lands
with a view of enabling men who volun
teered for the war to settle when the war
is over." V. '.
Chamberlain dwelt at great length upon
the native question, which he described as
"mest difficult and delicate." He declared
that anything in the nature of slavery
ought not to be permitted; that a revision
of the "cruel and arbitrary native labor
laws'i' was necessary, ' and that ¦ although
the natives must be taught to work they
should have Just and humane treatment.
Others Criticize the Govern
ment's Measures. ' .
Sir William .Vernon Harcourt and
FKOFOSED GRA3TT IN AID
OF TRANSVAAL DISCUSSED
Since the discovery of the robbery, how
ever, Incidents connected with the sailing
of the vessel have caused a suspicion to
arise that the schooner was not anchored
in the bay near the Sausalito shore be
cause of the strike, but because she was
to be used by .the thieves to carry off the
gold bricks. *-
The schooner attracted the attention of
John Hayes, night watchman of the pool
room3 at Sausalito, and of Paul Truett,
schooner was anchored off
Sausalito for several days and but little
attention was paid to her, as it was
thought that she was kept there until an
opportunity was af|orded the owners to
place a non-union crew, aboard.
ton iyuj '^ HE mysterious departure of a
'. k from her anchorage In
Ej the bay off Sausallto may fur-
K nish the first clew to the where-
R abouts of the men who' robbed
**• the Selby bullion vault./ The
night watchman of the town, both of
whom watched her closely. Both of these
men witnessed the incidents which serve
to connect her with the great robbery.
Night Watchman Hayes in discussing
the departure of the vessel last night said:
"Both Truett and myself watched the
schooner for several nights, as we were
anxious to know what success the owners
would meet with in getting a crew for
their vessel. We knew of nothing else but
the lack of a. crew owing to the strike
that wculd" cause them to keep her an
chored where she "was. Since we heard of
the robbery of Selby's vaults, however, we
have thought of several incidents which
cause us to think that she was connected
.with the bullion steal.
"Monday night two men, claiming to be
the captain and mate of the schooner,
came to Sausalito on the 12:15 boat. They
had a small boat at the wharf and jumped
into it and pulled out to the vessel. We
thought they had been across the bay
searching for non-union men and of course
did not pay much attention to them. . .
"About 3:30 a. m. we saw a naphtha
launch coming down the bay from the
direction of Alcatraz Island, heading for
the schooner and- Immediately, came to
the conclusion that the scab crew was on
board. The launch tied>up to the schooner
and remained for some time. The next
sign of life we -Observed was the launch
pulling ahead of the schooner, evidently
towing her.
"Both craft went right out to sea and
we thought no more of the incident until
we heard of the great crime." -
Inquiry along the water front brought
to light the fact that there was but one
schooner anchored off the Sausallto shore
waiting to secure a non-union crew. This
was the schooner Occidental, and she left
the harbor yesterday morning. Arrange
ments had been made with the Red Stack
Company to tow her out this morning,
and a tug was cent over for that purpose.
The Occidental, however, was not at her
anchorage, having taken advantage of-'the
tides and sailed out of the harbor on her
voyage to Humboldt.
WOOD FILES HIS CLAIM!
TO PROPERTY HE DREW
Selects Entire Length of the Town
Site of Lawton on the
South Side.
FORT SILL, O. T., Aug. 6.-John Wood
of Weatherford,' O. T., who drew No. 1
In the Lawton land district, created a sen
sation at the land office to-day when in
filing his claim he chose 160 acres running
the entire length of the townsite on the
south. According to the Government th*>
two-most valuable sections in the whole
reservation -were made to adjoin the town
site on the south. Miss Mattie Beals, the
Wichita, Kans., telephone girl, who had
drawn No. 2 from tire wheel, had counted
on selecting one of these, but when Wood
made .the selection noted she had to-con
tent herself with a tract south" of "Wood's
and two sections away from the townsite.
Wood's claim is valued at about $50,000.
Will Sue for the Office.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 6.— E. D. McCabe,
in whose place as Building and Loan
Commissioner Governor- Gage has ap
pointed C. M. Shortridge, is" evidently dis
posed to fight in the courts for his place
and particularly for the emoluments that
go with it. To-day, through his attorneys
in San Francisco, McCabe filed with the
State Controller a formal demand that
that official dra\^ his warrant for $93 35,
the balance alleged to .be due him for
July as a member of the commission. The
Controller will not comply, . and a suit is
expected to ; follow ; to determine the
rightful possessor of the -office! * --¦ ">
EARLY MORNING CRUISE OF NAPHTHA
LAUNCH CONNECTS A MYSTERIOUS
SCHOONER WITH THE ROBBERY
A large loss of life has occurred in Ja
pan because of floods. In the Iowasaki
colliery sixty-nine persons were drowned
and loss of life is also reported from many
places, as well as destruction of property.
Grand Llama Acha of Thibet and his
suite are visiting Japan, and large Budd
hist celebrations are being held. • •
George Faulkner, aged 40 years, was
killed in an accident, a sperm whale stav
ing in the boat.
From Hokkaido, Japan, news was re
ceived of the murder of Otto Schroeder,
22 years of age, of New York, on the
whaling bark California by a shipmate,
William Stuart. 21 years of age, of Los
Angeles. Stuart was held on board, ac
cording to the Hokkaido correspondent,
for the United. States Consul at Yoko
hama, as the Japanese Consul declined to
Interfere. • . -
"On the receipt of a report that Tung
Fuh Siang has started a rebellion and is
marching upon Sian," says a Shanghai
paper, "the Chinese court has enlisted
many braves in order to prevent him, the
number of the Imperial Guards being in
adequate to meet this force. The braves
of the two provinces of Shensi and Ho
nan have now gathered and their number
has reached some fifteen or sixteen bat
talions already, but they are devoid of
good weapons. The Governor and other
officials of the two, provinces are therefore
ordered by the court to procure arms for
them immediate!:'."
VICTORIA, B. C. Aug. 6.— The steam
ship Adelaide brings news that the Tlen
chaunlui rising is growing. A report has
reached the French force in Peking from
Chengting-Fu to the effect that a large
number of defeated soldiers of. Tung Fuh
Siang have concentrated in the Govern
ment premises of Shenchow and have un
furled many banners - with the motto
"Sweep China and • destroy aliens*.'- on
them. ¦¦ *• . - ' • -. •
It developed to-night that twelve more
strikers who were among the sub-leaders
were deported this afternoon and to
night. Some of the strikers have held
a number of meetings during the day se
cretly and have conferred with a num
ber of lawyers with a view of taking
some action. No one would take the
case. They have also appointed new com
mittees to carry on the work, and in the
case cf each committee five different
ones were created, so that when one is
taken away another will take his place.
A proclamation was issued here this af
ternoon signed "The People of Tampa."
It says In part:
"To the anarchists and professional la
bor agitators: We say that your days in
Tampa are at an end. We cannot and will
not permit you to destroy this prosperous
city. If you have regard for your safety
you will shake its dust from your feet.
In conclusion, we notify the manufactur
ers that this movement of citizens is not
In your interest, but in the interest of the
entire community."
Several Sub-leaders Deported.
Various rumors as to their disposition
have been circulated In this city to-day,
it being- most generally reported that they
were taken into the Gulf in an unknown
and mysterious vessel. All of the de
ported strike leaders were Spaniards and
Cubans.
The kidnaping last night .had been
planned for days. A great open air meet
ing had been arranged at which- all the
Resistencia leaders .had been Invited, the
purpose being to catch them all in a
bunch. They were all present. Music
had been provided and the streets
were lined with thousands cf peo
ple. Shortly before the posse of citizens
reached the place the news reached the
etrike leaders and they quickly dis
appeared. The crowd was not daunted
and commenced a man-to-man search
through the streets and snatched the men
from the crowds. They were placed in
carriages that had been provided, between
heavily armed guards, and driven, away.
The captured leaders were at once driven
to the County Jail, where they remained
upon the outside -under guard for a few
minutes. Then they disappeared and have
r.ot been seen or heard of since. . j
Kidnaping Was Well Planned.
TAMPA, Fla_, Aug. 6.— The strike situ
ation to-night is one of bewilderment upon
the part of the strikers and immovable
determination upon the part of the citi
zens. No word has been received from or
about the Resistencia. leaders who -were
deported last night, and the Vigilantes
are sworn to secrecy. Further than that,
they admit the men will never return to
Tampa. The exact number of themen de
ported is not yet known, but every prom
inent leader of the strike is missing. It
is Eaid that others are marked, and that
deportation may take place at any mo
ment.
Threats Made That the
Aliens Will Be
Destroyed.
Vigilantes Say the Men
Will Never Return
to Tampa.
CHINESE RAISE
REBEL FLAGS
STRIKE LEADERS
STILL MISSING
"No man ever tried to dispose of 'crook
ed' gold who didn't have something about
him that aroused suspicion.
"People who wish to dispose of gold
here must first gro to the receivins clerk,
who takes their names, the weight of the
gold and data, as to where it was ob
tained. Then the metal is sent to the
melter. The melting process will deter
mine whether or not the gold Is plugged
¦with lead or anything else— preventing us,
in fact, from being given a 'gold brick,'
and also makes it finer, as foreien sub
stances pass away. Then the bullion goes
to the assayer, who determines Its fine
ness. Twenty-four hours after the owner
Crooked Gold Brings Suspicion.
"People who bring gold here to be
coined do not have to tell you where they
got it?" was asked of the superintendent.
"No, they don't have to, but if they re
fused to answer the auestions we ask
they would naturally arouse - suspicion.
We keep a book of records that shows
where all gold conies from- This is kept
for statistics among other purposes.
Further than this, we know about all the
sources of the gold supply and where the
principal mines are. Consequently if a
man brought in a large supply of gold,
especially if it was refined, we would be
curious at once, and if he couldn't tell a
straight story as to where he got it we
would be suspicious. If he refused to an
swer questions at all we would be doubly
suspicious.
any man brought 'crooked'
gold to s. mint something would cause eus
picion to be aroused before he went out.
In ninety-nine cases out of a hundred
where men steal any great amount of gold
they are caught." j
This is what Superintendent Frank
Leach of the United States Branch Mint
in this city said yesterday when question
ed as to the chance the men who robbed
the Selby works had of disposing of any
of their plunder at Uncle Sam's coining
establishments.
WE can't force a man who
comes here to sell bullion to
go to the Government to teir
where it came from, but if
"Yes, the men who stole the Selby
bullion could remelt the bricks that are
stamped if they could find some place
where they could keep a fire going for
their apparatus without being discov
ered."
"Supposing the thieves took the gold
from . the Selby Works to some Mint in
another part of the country — to the one at
Denver or that at Philadelphia. Couldn't
they easily dispose of it?"
"No easier than they could here. They'd
arouse suspicion. No, the /act that the
gold was refined wouldn't necessarily
show that it was stolen from a smelter,
though the smelters pay the owners of
ore in coin and not in bullion, for some
mines melt the gold. These are better
known than any others, too. •
"Yes, but all sources of gold supply are
so well known that when chunks are
being handled illegitimately suspicion Is
aroused." ' * " ""
"Couldn't bricks be cut up Into small
chunks and sold to pawnbrokers and
others?"
"Well," said the Mint superintendent,
"we'd hang that money up on some pre
text or another until we found out
whether or not we had received 'crooked'
gold."
"But if the man who left the bullion
couldn't be forced to answer questions as
to where he got it and could walk away
with his money at the end of twenty-four
hours, there wouldn't be time in which to
secure evidence upon, which he could be
held, would there?"
Would "Hang- Up" the Money.
"We'd notify the Secret Service agents
as -soon as the suspected person had left
the Mint," was the reply. ¦ •
of the bullion has deposited It at the Mint
he is paid its value in gold coin. Theo
retically the bullion brought us is coined
into money, which is handed out to the
owners. In reality Uncle Sam only buys
the bullion, which Is In some cases not
coined for a long time after its receipt."
"If a person can deposit gold and get
its equivalent in coin within . twenty-four
hours afterward, the Mint officials
wouldn't have much chance of working up
a case against any suspected person,
would they?" was asked.
Superintendent Leach Says Information
Cannot Be Forced From Sellers, but That
"Crooked" Gold Always Excites Suspicion
MINT NOT GOOD MARKET
FOR STOLEN BULLION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 7,; 1901,
INTERESTING VIEWS IN CONNECTION WITH SENSATIONAL ROBBERY.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 6.— Mrs. Annie
Anderson, an English woman, 33 years of
age, killed herself to-night by swallowing
a large dose of carbolic acid. She was
the wife of an architect named "W. J.
Anderson, who is said to have deserted
her here about two years ago and to have
gone to San Francisco.
Ends Her Life "With Poison.
Steamer Meets "With Accident.
PORT TOWNSEND, 'Wash., Aug. 6l—
The steamer Victorian, sailing from here
Sunday morning with ninety-four pas
sengers for Skaguay, returned this even-
Ing, having met with an accident to her
machinery, the brazing on a steam pipe
giving way in the narrows this side at
Vancouver. She returned under her own
steam and will transfer her passengers
to the City of Seattle, which sails north
in a few days.
Sweden Will Have Electric Railways.
VIENNA, Aug. «.— The Swedish Govern
ment, according to a dispatch from
Stockholm to the Polltlsche Correspon
denz. Is considering plans for the installa
tion of electricity throughout the whole
railway-system of Sweden.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 6.— The steamer
Queen Adelaide brought news to-day that
Envoy Pasha and suite of the Turkish
mission to China have left Shanghai to
return home via Vladivostok and the
Trans-Siberian Railway, thus ending the
fiasco. The Sultan of Turkey was per
suaded by the German Emperor, says the
North China Daily News, to dispatch the
mission "to pacify Mohammedans in the
northwest provinces of China In. the event
of their causing the authorities trouble."
When Envoy Pasha arrived at/ Shanghai
he found that in the first place there were
no Mohammedans handy to be pacified,
and in the second place that the name of
the Sultan of Turkey was not a name to*
conjure with in China.
Sultan's Mission Starts Homeward.
Stoddard says there were several camp
ing parties on Paine Mountain who must
have been drenched. Arthur Alexander
of this city. Thomas Linmore of Monte
cito and eight men from Carpentaria were
in the region. Hilareth went to search
for them to-day and Stoddard came in
with the news.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 6.-Ranger
Carl Stoddard of the Santa Ynez reserva
tion and Joseph Hildreth, a well-known
mountaineer, made a report to-night of
one of the most terrific natural disturb
ances ever known in California— a great
cloudburst at the head of Mono Creek, in
the north of this county. Although it oc
curred in August it was greater than any
thing ever known in winter months.
For a week it had been damp in the
mountain, and on Sunday there was a
light sprinkling of rain*, Stoddard and
Hildreth were where they could see Mono
Canyon, a gorge fifteen miles long, but
very narrow. Suddenly an intense roar
like thunder was heard from the head of
the mountain. At the head of the can
yon a white line of foam came rushing
down to -the valley. It was a solid and
irresistible wall of water of eieht to
twelve feet high. The roar of the flood
was terrific. It rushed down between
rocky walls over a dry bed. In its wake,
grinding, tumbling, smashing, came thou
sands of bowlders. The rush of waters
lasted for twenty-four hours, delaying
the men from returning to their cabins,
because no one could cross the creek.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fW FAVORITE
FOR WEAK WOMEM.
gq|___CHICHESTEFl'B CNGU3H
Pehmyroyal pills
D/"W*\ o ,™r.' )r '*' 11 *' aa< * Only Genatno.
T?1 «£*> *XK l>MC«rou Sabatttatlm* bad lmlt*.
1 f_,y ft) »•¦¦• Bay of yonr Druggist, or traA 4«. la
VX?» V p «ad "Relief for Ladled" to liw" b7?S.
-Jv-X' torn Mail. 1O.0.X) T-itlmonial». SoldDj
u n «lTr>.i Vragglnm. Caleb nter Chvnieai C,
Mention th.lt paper. Uaillwa Sqaara. fU I LA~ 1*2
EL 3
1 » MARKET ST. S 7^1^
It often causes headache and dizziness,
impairs the taste, 1 . smell ' and hearing, af-
fects the vocal organs, disturbs the stomach.
It -is always radically and permanently
cured; by the blood-purifying,*alterative
and tonic action of . -
Hood's Sarsaparilia
This great medicine has wrought the most
wonderful cures of all diseases - depending
on scrofula or the scrofulous habit.
Is a'constitutional disease.
- It originates In a scrofulous condition ol
the blood and depends on that condition.
Catarrh.
Hood'8 Fills are thabest cathartic.'-
CEOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
*-*great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Weak Men and Women
'" Wholesale and Retail Piano- Dealers,
933 Market Street, San Francisco.
BRANCH— 951 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
THE WILEY B, ALLEN CO.,
/T^ DR.NGTQYKEE.
fc -J \ 210 STOCKTON ST..
KS't> » San Francisco. Cal.
P- ™ Sj Has recently established
\y J the Tea and Herb Sanita-
v>^ r& rium In <Jiis city. All man-
/wA ' '* ner °' diseases, both exter-
nal and ln t e r n a'. ¦' and all
f^M/' f i»& manner of local diseases ara
Vftjlta 'XsPr^ff skillfully treated without
*&\i&&k&''fg' performing any klr* oi
. * i ««aagg2iS* r operation whaievw.
Take "notice that on January 1 we will occupy, as a
retail piano wareroom, the large and commodious
store now occupied by the San Francisco Shoe Com-
pany, at : ; 931 'street. (opposite Mason), to which
will be i connected our office apartments which we now
occupy 'at; 323 Market street.'
If so, let us invite 'you to call at our office at ,933
Market street, and we will take you up in the elevator
to our whoieaale warerooms on the sixth floor of' the
building we occupy and show you twenty different
makes of celebrated pianos which .we handle, and- we
will quote prices that will greatly surprise you. If you
cannot call write, for we can sell you a piano by mail
just as well as if you were here in person. >
Are You Interested in
III B. KATSCHINSKI,
1||! PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
JPl|fl|s|b '° THIRD STREET, SAN MJIffCfScO.
§§lf|k f&ASH ION'S f=*AD
MmSL FOR LADIES!
«i^||§|k PATENT LEATHER LACE SHOES.
¦ ¦ >®5jHE§SraaflL Made on the new shape last, with mill-"'
tary heels, welt extension soles and dull -
These shoes ar© the equal of many $3.30
"^^2ffgS&y^»i5y£M3p shoes sold In other stores.
*~^*** r ' UJ« . THE SUCCESS OF OUR BUSINESS
19
$>ggl|k na gB^ THAT WE ADVERTISE FACTS.
filH *d M H HAVE NO BRANCH STORES NOR
M &*m B I TRAVELING SALESMEN.
ffl _ | I I COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT '
fkm Philadelphia Shoe C6;
ALL SIZES AND . w n , a* ' « _
widths. JU Third St., San Francisco.^
I :.ILj*f>t-m.TT >¦ *^o^>-t— i
111 SfeBiffih
j^^T^*f*?£ttt pianos r?YOUNGEST RETIRED REAR ADMIRAL IN THE NAVY, WHO HAS
BEEN SELECTED TO SUCCEED KIMBERLY ON THE SCHLEY
COURT OF INQUIRY. WHICH CONVENES NEXT. MONTH.
' CHICO, Aug. 6.— Last night J; F. Barnes,
a barber of this city, shot Bert' Cofer.a
milk wagon driver, . in the back* of -the
neck. ' -J Cof er ; Is in r a precarious ; condition
and Barnes Is in: Jail, with ball fixed, at
$2000. Both men had been drinking and
Quarreled. - .
Barber Shoots "the Milkman.
LOS 'ANGELES, Aug. 6.— The Council
has decided not to attempt to .enforce . the
law against' more than one street car com- 1
pany. using trie-same tracks for more than
five consecutive blocks. The reason given
is that the law is being so 'generally .vio
lated.that any attempt to enforce It would
cause | serious complications in the street
car service/;-: This action is" the; final out
come of 'an effort to secure transfers be
tween ¦ the ' companies using the 'same
tracks for a > distance of more than five
blocks. • v*!^:': ' ¦ . ; ,
Council-Fears to Enforce Law-.
"A cloudburst - at.' Golconda, Nev..- this
morning washed out a long- section : of.
railroad track, and there will' be a 'still
further delay of trains.: The. weather is
cloudy in the valley and foothills.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 6.— There was a
heavy thunderstorm in the Sierra Nevada
Mountains , last night. A cloudburst
washed out the National Ice Company's
ice pond dam at Iceland, east of Truckee,
and the rush of Waters carried away a
culvert of the Central Pacific. - v Trains
Iwere delayed -several hours.
« Cloudburst in the Sierras.
m SAN JOSE, Aug. 6.— Miss May Qullty,
the daughter of C. W. Quilty, the well
known capitalist, was married, to-day to
William. Jeffrey, proprietor of the Tassa
jara Springs Hotel, near Salinas. -The
wedding was a quiet home affair, the Kev.
Father Gleason performing the ceremony:
Miss Irene Quilty, a sister, was brides
maid, and Fred Gilchrist officiated as best
man. An elaborate wedding and reception
had been intended, but owing to the seri
ous Illness of the bride's sister this had to
be. foregone. Mr. and Mrs. Jeffrey, will
spend their honeymoon in San Francisco.*
Marriage of Capitalist's Daughter.
JEROME, Ariz.," Aug. 6.— The situation
of the strike is the same as on Saturday
when the men walked out. The smelter is
closed down, with some men at. cleaning
work and repairing. ' A report is abroad
that the miners arc out in this strike, but
this Is not so. There Is no organization
behind the strike. So far as can be learned
the strikers have.no friends other than
what they 'may have individually. W. A.
Clark left yesterday for New York and
before going announced that his orders
were that the management should stand
pat and make no concessions. The gen
eral feeling in Jerome is that the trouble
will be settled within seven days.
Jerome Strikers Hope to Win.
The medal is in recognition of heroic
conduct on the morning of April 3,-1890,
when at Port Ilarford, in command of the
steamer Mexico, Captain Alexander
rescued from drowning an insane man
who had jumped from, one of the ports
into the water between the steamer and
the wharf, where a boat could not go and
where he was in great danger of not only
being drowned but crushed also. Captain
Alexander was about 300 feet from his
vessel at the time, but he was in the
water Inside of a minute and had the man
at the surface, where he held- him against
his will until a rope was lowered and he
was hauled on board. . •
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 6.— For heroic con
duct in saving life at sea, Captain E.
Alexander, the commander of the steamer
Santa Rosa, received one of the gold
medals awarded under the act of Con
gress on June 20, 1874.
Santa Bosa Beceives a Medal
From Washington.
Captain Alexander of the Steamer
SKTPPEH IS REWABDED
. FOB HEBOIC CONDUCT
LINCOLN, Nebr., Aug. 6.— Heavy rains
fell to-night in the southwestern part of
Nebraska, breaking a drought which ha*
been almost continuous since the 4th of
July.
Bain Now Falling in Nebraska.
To-day three of the Councilmen ad
mitted that after to-morrow's meeting of
their board they would appoint a suc
cessor to City Attorney Archer and abide
the consequences. Major C. F. Prescott.
an artillery officer, recently returned
from the Philippines, i3 mentioned for the
place. Before taking up the practice of
law a short time ago Attorney Archer
was a school teacher.
.Most of the blame for the outcome has
been laid on the shoulders of City Attor
ney T. R, Archer by the prohibition peo
ple, and -when- his last case went against
him last Tuesday, despite the fact that
the liquor stood on the trial judge's desk
and was admitted by the defendant and
sworn to by the prosecution's witnesses,
a concerted move was made.
REDLANDS, Aug. 6.— The City Council
of Redlands Is incensed over the outcome
of the many trials of cases Involving vio
lation of the Redlands prohibition ordi
nance. Time and again these cases have
been brought to trial and each time the
defendants have been acquitted, although
condemnatory evidence In the shape of
captured liquor was not lacking.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
! I am Informed by the Superintendent of Pub
lic I Instruction that there has already been
complied a school history of the United States
of which more than 60,000 copies have been
printed and distributed. In printing new edi
tions of the history referred to, 50,000 copies of
the book havine already been printed, it Is
suggested that the St<Ue Printer might, with
the consent of the several State officers who
would be called upon, to act officially In the
premises, draw upon the State . school book
fund for the- cost of manufacturing the re
vised edition of the-»h4story In question. Includ
ing the rent of plates used In printing the
same. This will require the consent of the
parties to the agreement between the State
Board of Education and the American Book
Company and the further - consent of the Su
perintendent of State Printing, the Superin
tendent of Public Instruction, the members of
the State Board of Examiners, the State Con
troller and the State Treasurer In order that
the provisions of. section 5 of the act of 1SS7
(statutes of 1SS7, page 139) might be complied
with.
SACRAMENTO,' Aug.' C—Superinten
dent of Public Instruction Thomas J. Kirk
has received an opinion from the Attorney
General relative to the question whether
there is sufficient authority of law to war
rant paying for plates secured of Eastern
book concerns and whether books thus
compiled need be copyrighted in this
State. Attorney General Ford states that
as the law now stands, providing: for the
revising of certain books, the limit of the
amount to be spent out of the State school
book fund by the State Board of Educa
tion is fixed at J23.00O. In addition to the
opinion Attorney General Ford makes the
suggestion:
tion of 'Funds.
Opinion Relative to the Disposi-
Superintendent ;Kirk Receives an
AiTTOIllTEY GENEBAL TELLS
OF SCHOOLBOOK EEVISIO2J
Redlands Wants the Pro
hibition Ordinance
Observed.
YOL'NGSTOWN, Ohio.— The general strike
order will have no effect in Toungstown or the
Mahoning Valley. On July 1. when the old
scale expired, all the mills of the United States
Steel Corporation were closed down and not
a wheel has turned since. In Toungstown the
Steel Hoop Company owns two mills, which
employ 23C0 men. In Ruthers the steel com
pany operates a five-mill plant of 500 men
and In Niles It has a plant employing the same
number of men. In Niles, also, the Tin. Plate
Company operates a plant of 600 men. and In
Warren the Steel Hoop Company's mills are
idle and 500 men are out. .They are all or
ganized and have nearly all secured jobs In
independent mills and outside works. The only
move expected in the valley at an early date
is the strike of the blast furnace men.
MONESSEX, Pa.— The tin mill is running
and the strikers have so far failed in their
efforts to get the non-union men out.
BEI,L,AIRE. Ohio.— From present indications
at the Bellalre works of the National Steel
Company the men will not come out on the
call of President Shaffer. An organizer has
been here, but could not get enough men to
start a lodge, as there are not many men In
this mill that the Amalgamated Association
would allow to become members, but it Is
thought here that If all the other trades come
out this mill will close down.
WELLSVILLE, Ohio.— The same namber of
mills are working and the temper of the men
toward. the company and the officers has been
In no wise altered. The arrest of H. B. Hen
derson, president of the Wellaville local lodge
of potters, on the charge of riot has deeply in
censed all the pottera In the Ohio Valley.
To-morrow at noon a kitchen will be estab
lished in the mill yard and the non-union men
will be furnished their meals within the mill
yard Instead of having them passed through
the fence as heretofore. Manager Brookman
absolutely refused to admit a reporter to his
office and .will not even tell the number of
mills now working.
DEEPLY INCENSES THE POTTERS
PITTSBURG, Aug. 6.— Reports were re
ceived from nearby town3 to-night as fol
lows:
WILL REMOVE
THE ATTORNEY
The closing of all these; mills will bs felt by
all • cUsses. It "Twill stop : production 'and ¦ this
will stOD commerce. .-¦• The , effect will be bad
and no . one . realizes It - more than -• I do. - 1
realized If. all' the > time 'and tried ¦ to ; avoid ' by
every means ; In my power the carrying out of
this programme." :, but It waa "oi-no use. RlKht
Discussing the feature of the strike that
would- bear directly upon the- prosperity
of the country President Shaffer said: -
Will Be : Felt by All' Classes.
This will, bring "about -.1500 men out In the
National Steer plant In that town.- You. se»
we have to- be on the watch for just euch
moves ' by the trust' as this one. • • We ¦¦ know
what is going on Just as well as they do and
are. fully prepared to meet every move they
make. ."5d^£M38Sw£iHEIflBBHMHH£I3Bi
At" noon to-day I called out all ¦ the men em
ployed In the Newcastle mills of the National
Steel Company. They .will stop . work at ;• 12
o'clock ito-nlght. My purpose In doing this
was that ' I learned , . that ; the < trust . has been
piling up • union-made bars In the old housings
of the -dismantled Jennings sheet mill for the
purpose of supplying the non-union mills when
the plants shall be shut down. It was a clever
trick, but it did not work. The trust. will need
all' the bars they have stored now bad- enough
before they are through with this strike. After
sending this telegram ; to .^Newcastle si re
ceived a reply which read , as follows: "Mill
wllUclose. Men are all firm.",, .. '
'The attitude of the men of the United
State Steel Corporation so far not affect
ed , by the strike has been .carefully can
vassed since the futile effort to arrive ] at
terms of peace in New York last Satur
day. Most of the nine vice presidents of
the different.' districts have been among
their men, arid their reports have reached
headquarters. In a general way the tone
of these reports Indicates that .the
men will support the stand of their of
ficers. An aggressive move upon the Car
negie mills Is ¦ Intended. - -' ¦.'.
•President-Shaffer .said to-nleht: , "We
want no one;tojcome out with us unwill
ingly. "If our people are not in full sym
pathy with our fight we would rather they
remain at wort. , They will not be. asked
to decide hastily."' ."They will have until
Saturday night; of this week to think it
over. When they, finally do decide: they
will come out' prepared for the battle.
There will be no: faltering, no indecision,
no ignorance In action, but a- unity of pur
pose and a determination to stand for
their rights." • ... . ¦ .•• ¦
After issuing the official call for next
Saturday night President Shaffer said:
Men Will Stand by Officers.
In the most extensive plant of the
National Tube Company, at McKeesport.
the organization is new and the effect of
the strike ordor is uncertain. The works
employ more than 8000 men.'
It has been the purpose of President
Shaffer to give the operating officials of
the remaining constituent companies of
the steel corporation time to anticipate
the calling out' of their men. If it was
intended to give these managers any
formal notification this plan was waived
to-dav, although they will still have till
the closing of operations on Saturday to
prevent the striking of their men.
The; call to the men of the three com
panies in the mills of which the Amalga
mated Association is strongest Is expected
to • be generally and promptly responded
to. The movement will, it is expected,
radically suspend operations of the Fed
eral Steel Company and cut off half of the
production .of the National Steel and
plational Tube companies and throw more
than 40.000 men idle.
The attitude of the federation remains
uncertain, and- the president of the Amal
gamated Association is unwilling to dis
cuss it, although support has been prof
fered by officials of the federation. This
has been without concerted action upon
the part of the federation executive board.
Many affiliated bodies of the federation
have annual or long term' contracts with
their employers, and beyond financial and
moral support it is hard to tell how the
federation may go.
Attitude of the Federation.
The - order of President Shaffer is ex
pected to. swell , the number, of idle men
to over 100,000 at the end of the week.
President Shaffer was asked if the order
was intended to go to the union men in
the Carnegie Steel Company. He said that
he answered no questions on that score.
The Amalgamated Association has lodges
in the upper and lower union mills of the
Carnegie Steel Company and a foothold
in the Homestead, Duquesne and Braddon,
mines of the great bulwark of non-union
ism. In conformity to statements that
have been made by President Shaffer be
fore, these men will be expected to join
the strike, as will all Amalgamated men
and sympathizers In all plants of the
United States ' Steel Corporation. The
other companies of the steel corporation
not mentioned by the Amalgamated presi
dent and whose operations the association
will seek to hamper are the American
Steel and Wire Company and the Ameri
can Bridge Company. In the wire com
pany the Amalgamated Association has
only lodges in the Cleveland Rolling Mill
plant and the Joliet Rod Mill plant of the
company. The former Is now idle. -
In the plants of the American Eridge
Company there is no organization of the
men. The outside men handling and
erecting the woik of the American Bridge
Company are organized as the Bridge
and Structural Iron Workers. They are
not affiliated with the American Feder
ation of Labor.
Swells Idle Men to lOO,0OO.
No notice has been or is being sent to the
managers of the mills. We think their notice
has come from the' other side and they have
been warned of this ever since the Inauguration
of the strike. That ought to be sufficient.
' The call goes to the vice-presidents of the
districts in which there are mills owned and
operated by the National Steel, National Tube
and Federal Steel companies, as ¦ well as to
the officials of the lodges In the mills. „ . ¦
President Shaffer added this statement
The strike call Includes practically all
Amalgamated men In the United States
Steel Corporation's employ not now on
strike. It was issued from the Amalga
mated Association headquarters and
mailed to all amalgamated lodge officials,
who are expected to call their men into
the strike. '
— sands of- men marshaled \ under
yie banner of the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Iron, Steel and Tin Workers is
fairly- on. The long talked of general
strike order was issued - by President
Shaffer this •evening, ; to take t effect after
the last turn of the , mills on August 10.
What the result will be no man can fore
tell, but Judging by the expressed deter
mination of both parties to the contro
versy the battle will be waged to the very
last ditch. Much money will be., lost,
thousands upon thousands of men will be
idle, great suffering is looked for and even
bloodshed and death are possible and
feared.
Yp^wITTSBURG, Aug. 6.— After weeks
|~ Jl" of P rellmmar y skirmishing at last
1=*^ the - gTeat. battle between the
1\ gigantic steel trust and the thou-
In this call for the men to come out we
tried to avoid all meaningless words, all bom
bastic utterances and sensational sentences.
It Is too serious a matter for stage play. The
Amalgamated men fully realize the task that
Is before them, and have been prepared for It.
They are. I believe, ready to suffer long for
what they firmly believe to be their rights,
lney will suffer hunger, poverty and priva
tion of all kinds before giving in. The trust
can never crush such men as our people. Thev
may Btart some of our mills, but they cannot
start many of them.
must triumph, however. It will triumph Ii
spite, of the trust sayinr that the union mei
cannot exist in their mills.
Lozano suffered . severely • from the
wound and Coan decided. to drive back to
town. As soon as the news. was received
here a posse was formed and is now hunt-
Ing the outlaw. -He is'beiieved to be the
man who held up two stages within a
few weeks and who robbed T. J. Durn
ing, a prominent mining man, near For
est Hill last Saturday. To-nigh't a report
was received from Lincoln that another
man had been held up and robbed.
•As the men were driving cautiously
along the road and .watching: -for some
sign Qf the robber's 'whereabouts they
were startled by- the sudden appearance
of a man who leape^ .from cover, In a
ditch and turned loose ,on them a, large
pistol. Bullets whizzed', alongside the
heads of the astonished -officers and one
struck Lozano in. the leg.' Before the dep
uties had reepvered from their consterna
tion and whipped out revolvers to return
the fire their murderous- assailant had
disappeared in the brush.. . . ¦
News came to the town late thlsafter
noon that a boy had -been held up on the
road at Ophir and robbed of a few dollars.
Deputy Sheriffs Coan and Lozano imme
diately started out -. in a buggy for the
purpose off obtaining details of the crime
at Ophir and then starting on the trail of
the highwayman. :¦ >,>'¦?, ' ., ' ¦
AUBURN, Aug.: 6.— The highwayman
who has been holding up and robbing the
passengers on stages In these parts for
the last few months has evidently become
desperate in the dearth of more stages
to rob ' and is abroad ¦ on - the roads seek
ing pedestrians whom, he may dispossess
of valuables. He seems not averse to at
tempting murder, either, for to-night he
emptied his revolver "at a 'couple of Dep
uty Sheriffs and. severely wounded one of"
them in the leg. That he did not kill both
was due to chance^ or his Inefficiency in
pistol marksmanship. / . ; .
Special Dispatch 'to The. Call.
Mysterious Bandit Leaps
, From a Ditch and
,Opens Fife.
Placer County Highway
man Disables Deputy
:; Sheriff •
BULLETS STOP
THE PURSUERS
REAR ADMIRAL HOWISON RETIRED,
GOES ON SCHLEY COURT OF INQUIRY
Officer With a Fine Record for Gallantry .and Faithful Service
Is Acceptable to All Persons Interested in the Naval Contro
versy Concerning the Santiago Campaign and Sea Battle
WASHINGTON. Ang. 6.— Th©
vacancy in the Schley court
of Inquiry caused by the In
ability of Rear Admiral Klm-
berly to serve on account of
Ill-health has been filled by the selection
Df Rear Admiral Henry I. Howison, whose
appointment was announced by Assistant
Secretary Hackett to-day. At the same
time it was announced that this appoint
ment would be agreeable to Admiral
3ch!ey. The department before taking ac
tion hafi submitted a list of names to Ad
miral Schley, which Included that of Rear
Admiral Howison, and Admiral Schley
had indicated his entire willingness to ac
rept any officer upon the list. The depart
ment also communicated the selection to
Captain Barker before making it public.
Assistant Secretary Hackett before ls
fulng the announcement to-day communi
cated with Admiral Howison. who is at
present at Saratoga Springs. N. Y., and
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 6.— Three rowdies
boarded an East Side street car on upper
Main street last night and severely beat
the conductor, motorman and a passengen
When the car reached the plaza they
jumped off and escaped Into" Chinatown.
The failure of the police to put in an ap
pearance during the progress of the trou
ble is attracting much unfavorable com
ment. "
Hoodlums Attack Streetcar Men.
EEDLANDS, Aug. 6.— There was not a
cloud in the sky yesterday at 11 o'clock
over t?ie Santa Ana Canyon watershed,
but between 2 and 2:30 there were two
cloudbursts and until 4 p. m. an unprece
dented falUof rain occurred. Many power
plants were .swept away and small
ranches in the bottom of the big canyon
were obliterated. The waters rose rapidlv
but the ranchers escaped to the canyon's
walls. Two parties of deer hunters are
missing. Searching parties are looking
for them to-day, but up to 8 o'clock no
trace of them had been discovered. A
Santa Fe passenger agent, C. H. Hobart,
is among those reported missing.
Men Caught in a Cloud
burst.
Searching Parties Fail to Find the
HTJNTERS ARE MISSING
IN FLOODED CANYONS
tigrew. "it came to my notice that Samp
son nad suppressed records which made It
appear that Schley was disobeying orders
when, in fact, he was obeying orders Is
sued by Sampson, but these facts after
ward, In some mysterious manner, were
suppressed. In any event the people have
already vindicated Schley."
ascertained from him that he had given
utterance to no expression of opinion re
garding the merits of the Sampson-Schley
controversy.
The department announced that Admiral
Howison would accept the detail. Admiral
Dewey was notified of Admiral Howison's
selection, arid the department sent to the
latter a copy of the precept, together with
Admiral Schley's letter relative to the
fifth paragraph of the precept and the de
partment's responses thereto, with cor
respondence in part of the official record.
Youngest Retired Admiral.
Rear Admiral Howison is one of the
youngest retired officers of his grade, hav
ing retired October 10, 1S99, when he reach
od the age of 62. During the early part
of the war he served principally on block
ade duty, but later participated in the
Viattle of Mobile Bay as commander of the
V. S. S. Bienvllle. It is an interesting co
incidence that he was in command of the
cruiser Vandalia at Samoa, which later
went down in the hurricane In Apia har
bor while flying the flag of Rear Admiral
Kimberly, who had succeeded him as se
nior officer on the station, and whom, he
now succeeds on this court. He was in
command of the Boston yard during the
Spanish war, and later was commander of
the South Atlantic station. He made the
famous long-distance cruise around Africa
In the Chicago as the last act of his ac
tive career, arriving in New York the
day before Admiral Dewey arrived in the
Olympia. It will be remembered that al
though he outranked Admiral Sampson,
who was in command of the reviewing
fleet at that time, he refrained from as
suming command, but courteously allowed
Admiral Sampson to do the honors upon
that celebrated occasion.
"Witnesses Being Called Home.
A preliminary list of the witnesses who
will be called to appear before the court
has been prepared at the Navy Depart
ment. Some of these officers are on for
eign stations aiid will be obliged to leave
for borne almost immediately in order to
arrive on time.
Admiral Schley has submitted a list of
witnesses, some of whom are on foreign
stations, and these also will be ordered
home.
Among the witnesses desired by Ad
miral Schley is Lieutenant Benjamin W.
Wells, Admiral Schley's flag secretary
throughout the Spanish war. There are
no Spanish officers on Admiral Schley's
list.
Captain James Parker. Admiral Schley's
sssistant counsel, appeared at the Navy
Department to-dav to -resume his inves
tigation of the official records In connec
tion with the disputed points in the San
tiago campaign. He was given a desk In
Ihe Secretary's of5ce. as 'he was last
week, and such records as he called for
were nlaced*at ills disposal by the Bu
reau of Navigation.
ing from Alaska, en route home. When
asked regarding the Sampson-Schley in
quiry he said it would doubtless 'result in
completely exonerating Admiral Schley if
the decision were based solely on navy
records in the case and free from outside
influences.
"As a member of the Senate," said Pet-
lilAYA INDIANS ROUTED
BY THE MEXICAN TROOPS
Many of the Rebellious Redskins
Have Taken Refuge in Erit
ish Honduras.
AUSTIN, Tex., Aug. 6. — A dispatch from
Oaxaca, Mexico, says the campaign of the
Mexican troops against the Maya Indians
in the State of Yucatan is at an end. An
official announcement to that effect has
Just been issued by President Porflrlo
Diaz, who says that the Government has
completely subjugated the rebellious In
dians and that the troops will be with
drawn from the field as rapidly as possi
ble, ilany of the hostile Indians have
taken refuge in British Honduras. Several
military garrisons will be established and
maintained in the Indian country until all
danger of another outbreak has passed.
Mexican teachers are also being sent into
the Indian towns and villages and Govern
ment schools established under the aus
pices of the Government for the educa
tion of the Maya children.
PEOPLE HIS VINDICATORS.
Ex-Senator Pettigrew Speaks in Praise
of Bear Admiral Schley.
SEATTLE. Aug. 6.— Ex-Senator Pettl
grew of South Dakota returned last even-
M"ew Owner of Paraiso Springs.
SALINAS, Aug. 6.— A deed was filed
yesterday conveying the resort at Paraiso
Springs from W. W. Ford and Mary Ford
of Newark, X. J., to P. T. Romle of Sole
dad. The consideration Is stated to have
been $25,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, JVITGIJST ;7, 1901 .
President Shaffer Orders General Strike
of Iron, Steel and Tin Workers in All
the Billion-Dollar Corporation's Mills
BATTLE BETWEEN
GREAT TRUST AND
EMPLOYES BEGINS
«-^ RETHBEXi Tfie offlcldli o( the United States Steel Trust
¦L^^ have refused to recognize nn union men those who are now
• f 1 /^striking? for the right to organlie. The executive hoard has
A^aDthorlied me to liaoe n call upon all Amalgamated and
other union men In name and heart to Join In the movement
to fiioclit for labors' rights.
We mast fleht'or jfive np forever onr personal liberties.
You will be told that yon have signed contracts, bnt you never
Weed to snrrender those contracts to the United States Steel Cor
poration. Its officers think yon were sold to them just as the mills
> were, contracts and all.
Remember, before you* agreed to any contract yon took. an
obligation to the Amalgamated Association. It now calls you to
help ln'the hour of need.
Unless the trouble Is settled on or before Saturday, August IO,
1001, the inilla -will close when the last turn is made on that day.
Brethren, this is the call to preserve onr organization. We
: trust you and need you.. Come and help us, and may right come to
. a Jnst cause. Fraternally yonrs, T, J. SHAFFER.
Pittsbnrsr, Ausr. O, 1901.
NEXT SATURDAY IS THE DAY SET FOR
INAUGURATION OF A GENERAL STRIKE
3
DB.' EHMEK'S SWAMP-ROOT.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Kidney Trouble Makes Ton Miserable.
Almost everybody who reads the news-
papers is sure to know of the wonderful
jj j« . cures made by Dr.
—^4r-ny^* i Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
8 V^>i I I ths great kidne 7» l iver
E ffrXtjJ 11 and bladder remedy. .
\ « u^kI L^ ltisth e great medl-
-j (.»jH ' cal triumph of the nine-
\VJ_l jjfiteenth century; dis-
\SC!r V If covere d a^ cr years of
ni it ¦ < >*%_ Htt scientific research by
•O.jf 5 " "C^s'vg Dr. Kilmer, the emi-
U_ — a><rr. " nent kidney and blad-
_-.i»2=~o- ¦ d . r specialist and Js
wonderfully successful In 'promptly curing
lame back, kidney, bladder, uric acid trou-
bles and Brlghfs Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is not rec-
ommended for everything but if you have kid-
ney, liver or bladder trouble it will be found
just the remedy you need. It has been tested
in so many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless too poor to pur-
chase relief and has proved so successful in
every case that a special arrangement has
been made by which all readers of this paper
who have not already tried it, may have a
sample bottle sent free by mail, also a book
telling more about Swamp-Root and how to
find out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
When writing mention reading this generous
offeV in this paper and pffi 7 *!
send your address to ig^i^^KS^iiiSF^
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing- iSPf i ffi !£ &S
hamton, N. Y. The * afi3^2Ji^g|||f
regular fifty cent and Home of Swamp-Roo«.
dollar sizes are sold by all trood druggists.
yo\ir it\62k$\ir'c
one otour $10 made-to-measure suits
• We would like to do it for many reasons:
You would get. acquainted with us, acquainted
with our methods, acquainted with the fact that
I we- save customers mere money on a suit of
I ciothesthananv other establishment on this coast
j This will lead to our mutual benefit. We would
I have your trade and you would get good- wearing,
I stylish splits at a low price and be satisfied with
1 the suits and'pleased With the saving. To get
j> your measure we say : Come in, set a number of
J our samples, examine them, pick out a pleasing
I pattern, leave your- order. If, after the suit is
j made up, you think that it is not worth the
mondv; or that it is not satisfactory you can have
your money back and you will only be out your
' time. But we will be pretty careful that you J
will. have no grounds for dissatisfaction. Frank-
ly, now, did you ever know of any other tailo;
giving customers such privileges as these ?>
Suits satisfactorily made for cut-of- town customers
through our self-measuring' system- — write for samples.
!718 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy.
. : -• ' ¦''•¦- ¦ _\
Vfi^^Jf 1^ ,/ i K y° u avc P ains y° u should look after them quickly. Pain shows some* 19
f\2^~~^^-^—/ \ n 5 '* wrong. The sharper the pain the more danger there is in delay. There ma
J»^Z_ /^-r^g^S-.^ 3 arc thousands of women today who arc bearing awful pain almost continually, E§S
PiS55*??5$X /ii$M&£^M rathcr than tc " a physician about the shooting pains in their lower abdomen, ill
w$ai&g*^J'J fliiliiilil a k° u * c a 3 on y °* fc"' n S °f c wom b and the distress of leucorrhota. They BfB
S||||j||||%r/ |Nf*t|ffig| 1 let the months pass and their trouble becomes harder to cure and more distress- E9
Ere2|j|p2p*^ §»k ' ing- But modest women can secure exemption from the embarrassment of a H
|L/'t1§ %^!$^f$& private examination. When pain tells you of danger you can cure yourself Wf
You can be cured without distressing publicity — in the privacy of your home. 111
wl^i^^0%^^ t^ c5e k ct5 e^ ore y° u *here is no reason for the delay which is increasing mS
your misery 2nd wasting the days of your life. Why not stop the pain today? §|I '
t£t I have used one pottle of Wine of Cordui and one package of Thedford's Black-Draught. Before I wf*
p££ began to take your medicines I had pains in my back, hips, lower bowels and my arms. Sometimes I thought I^S
fei I would go blind. My head ached and I was so weak I could hardly walk across the floor. Now I can only mtf
&3 ltd a l*"* e °f tfcs P^ 11 m m Y s "k ant * * am ?°" : ? t0 "^ y° uf medicines until I get cured, for I believe they j||i
W2 will certainly cure me. I have been married twelve years and am the mother of seven children. I thank *i*|
fcjfi you for your wonderful medicine and what it has done for me. MATILDA SMITH. Irak
E? For advice and literature address, giving symptoms, " The Ladies' Advisory ffiS»
K Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanoopa, Tenn. ¦• '..,. Wafmurder. The. warrant wag drawn up,
but no Police Judge could be located to
sign it. Captain Seymour detailed De
tectives Whitaker and Crockett to find
the man who •' did the shooting. They
learned that he lived with his parents
at 613 Howard street and found him there.
Davis* mother had been engaged apply
ing poultices to his face. He was taken
by the detectives to .the City Prison,
where he was booked on the. chargre of as
sault to murder. He made the following
statement:
SAMUEL COLE, a striking team
ster," was shot and probably fatal
ly .wounded early yesterday
• morning by Henry Davis, a
boyish driver, who, having lost
bis position at the Union Iron Works on
account of tho strike of the machinists,
was forced to take whatever work he
could get in order to support his aged
father and mother. The shooting oc
curred during an attack on the boy by
union teamsters.
The bullet entered Cole's body directly
below the arm pit on the left side and
lodg-ed In his lungs. The wounded, man
was not immediately stricken from the
effects of the wounds, but was able to run
to his home, 57 Clara street, almost three
blocks from' "the scene of the shooting-
Subsequently he was removed to St.
Mary's Hospital, where everything possi-
STRIKING TEAMSTER SHOT BY YOUNG NON-UNION DRIVER,
WHO DEFENDS HIMSELF AGAINST FIERCE ATTACK OF MOB
Samuel Cole Receives -a Wound That'- Will
Probably Prove Fatal— Henry .Ddvis Un
der Arrest on Charge of Assault to Murder
SCENE OF POSSIBLY FATAL, SHOOTING WHICH OCCURRED TESTER
DAY MORNING AT THE CORNER OF NEW MONTGOMERY AND
HOWARD STREETS, AND VIEWS ON THE WATER FRONT.
But while they were saying sweet things thev
were drawing up agreements for the men to
sign: these agreements practically making the
men slaves. and_ in some cases the men wer<i
humbugged by their honeyed words Into sign
ing . them. ¦ .. . f
'Employers. Submit Agreements.
Herewith are" some agreements submitted by
different firms to their employes: .
Agreement of Union Packing Company— On
consideration of your not discriminating against
those of us who are or have -been If floated
with any labor union, we hereby agree to con
tinue in your employ on the same terms «
SrXntaUoS? 1 ? 01 any dlCtatlon . '"nnEtslS!
Agreement submitted .by the Cuflahy Packing
Company to their employes-In consideration of
your agreeing ' not- to . discriminate against us
on account of. our past affiliation with th^
Packers' Porters* and Warehousemen**, Union
we hereby agree to sever our connfotl m \ni,S
this union and remain In your emp^y a, W
as you will give us proper protection and th!
wages we think we are Justly entitled to
Agreement submitted by. Welknan. Pe ck &
Co. to their employes-In taking a position with
the firm of "Wellman. Peck & Co. I hereby aw£
to do any and all work which I am lnstrucTIt!
to do by. my employers, and as a guaranw *t
my fulfillment of this agreement I awept thl
position with the understanding that the waeS
due me will be paid to me on or ahknt ?k^
1st and 15th i qf ? every month And w»h ' Jh
additional understanding that If I do St com
ply with the terms of thl 8 Tgreeme nt °n doing
all and every kind of work which my^mployef
re<1 lV!^f » Vlt. that X wllll »B»« to forfeit my
position and the. amount of money which may
be coming to me. Dated. San Francisco wni
«n?ifl/2?* WOOd & ; Sls «rwood. wholesale
liquor andjjrocery . men.' also hav« agreements
for their employes to sign that are similar to
The next step that the Employers' Association
took was to intimidate the Draymen's Associa
tion, to disrupt the Brotherhood of Teamsters
using the argument that If the brotherhood was
disrupted the Packers, Porters and "Warehouse
men would also be disrupted and they then
would turn their attention to other unions as
they came along. "When' the situation grew
critical, that Is when the Draymen's Associa
tion, at the dictation of the Employers' Asso
ciation, decided . to take up Morton's fight
against the Brotherhood of Teamsters then
the merchants who make . up the Employers'
Association changed their tactics a little The-v
represented to their employes that they werft
being treated all right and that they should be
satisfied with the'r situations under existing
conditions.
Move Against the Unions.
The four men In question were reinstated at
their old wage rate and the Incident was closed
for the time being, but from that date— last
March— dates the existence of the Employers'
Association, organized to fight, the Packers.
Porters and "Warehousemen in particular and
all trades unions in general. The Employers'
Association, after being organized, lost no time
In' throwing Itself Into the general labor up
heaval. It has interfered in the carriage -work
ers' strike, " the big hardware supply houses
down town refusing supplies to carriage manu
facturers who recognized the union, and it is
safe to say that but for their interference the
carriage workers would have had no trouble. '
The next move of the Employers' Association
was to prevent' their own employes from Join-
Ing the union. Several firms gave their em
ployes to understand that If they Joined the
cnlon they (the firms) could not employ them
any longer. "W. "W. Montague, on Market
street, and Sachs Bros., on Sansome street
gave their men the preference of the union or
their Job. The men remained with their work
and from thone two firms no men Joined the
union. The only reason that more firms did
not follow their example was that about the
time the employers organized the union had
succeeded In getting nearly all the eligible em
ployes of the different business houses to Join
the union.
¦ So In the natural/ course of events there
came a time when the men employed as pack
ers and porters and -warehousemen awoke to
their condition, for It will not be denied that
the worktngman has been asleep for a long
time, and hence their organization. As is al
ready known, the big merchants of the city
took a stand against the packers, porters and
warehousemen some months ago and the Em
ployers' Association was organized only after
one of Its foremost members— a member of
the firm of Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden—
had a brush with the union, because the above
mentioned firm took it upon' itself to cut th~
wages of four union members employed there.
Workingmen Were A9leep.
JN. 0'NEIL.Iy, . president of the
Porters', Packers' and Ware
housemen's - Union, has Issued
i*~, the following statement:
The employers In .the mercantile district of
this city — and when I say employers I mean
the wholesale dry poods merchants, the -whole
sale Iron and hardware firms, the wholesale
grocers and produce men. the cereal mill own
ers and managers and the different warehous
ing firms— are. with but very few exceptions,
paying comparatively low wages to their em
ployes, notwithstanding the fact that the work,
to a great extent. Is of an exacting nature
and requires. In every instance, that the ap
plicant be fairly educated and possess a cer
tain amount of experience.
When tho big merchants of this city learned
that there was such an organization as tbe
Packers, Porters and Warehousemen In ex
istence, they lost no time in declaring tho
said organization to be a menace to their
business. It 13 not the few extra dollars that
they will bo asked to pay to their underpaid
help that they care about, but it is the fact
that their employes are fully aware that they
are not receiving a just wage, and the mer
chant does not like to admit that he Is paying
wages to hla help that barely provides for the
necessaries' of Hfe. and.it ls'a fact that cannot
be contradicted that many firms in this city
are paying very low wages. Low wages Is
the groove in which the mercantile employers
of this, and of every other city. too. have been
in for the past ten years, and, being In a
groove, and such a groove as it is. it is not to
be wondered at that their progress has not
kept pace with the times. It has ever been
the policy of all employers to force men to
work for them for little or nothing, and with,
as stated above, some few exceptions the em
ploying element of this city are no exception
to tho general, rule.
Packers and Warehouse-
men Explains the Issues
President O'Neill of Porters,
PORTERS STATE
THEIR CASE
Strikers and Nori-Union ' Driver Ir
dulge in Shooting Bee. ' ' '.-¦
. The day began. yesterday : In, the "dan
ger district" with a .shooting I bee which
rEAMSTER USES^REYOLVEB.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 6. — Small dodgers.
slgr.ed by the City Frpnt Federation of
San Francisco, were circulated here to
day, warning workingmen to keep away
from i San Francisco.
Hen Told to Keep Axray.
Ilearly a Thousand Are. Said to Be
The statement of P. EL McCarthy, pres
ident of the Building Trades Council, that
less than 250 painters are now on strike
is declared by E. H. Black,, president of
the Master Painters' Association, to>* be
absurd. . The additional contention of Mr
McCarthy that. the striking painters had
virtually won their fight and that there
is now no controversy between the jour
neymen painters and the association Is
characterised by Mr. Black. as ridiculous.
President Black 'Stated last ' night that
nearly 1000 painters were out of work as
the. result of the union's demands. Some
thing- like 100 master painters are doin?
business In this city and of that number
99 per cent belong to the association.
A few union painters have remained at
work, the employers state, and some non
union men are working, but many shops
have no painters at all at work. - -
ULANY PA1NTEBS * ON STRIKE.
The home of the- wounded man was
thronged all day with members of the
brotherhood- and neighbors who came to
offer their sympathy.' Cole Is but 25 years
of age.- Before the strike 'was 'declared -he
was employed by the Overland -Transfer
Company and- was considered" one of it3
most efficient and conscientious employes.
He also stood high In the. estimation of
his fellow members of the Brotherhood of
Teamsters. He is the stepson of Daniel
Cole, • proprietor . of , a v liven' stable ; . on
Third street. His own -name ¦¦ Is really
Schofleld, but he is generally .known by
his stepfather's name. .'.' , • . '
, Henry Davis' home presented a pathetic
scene in the afternoon. His father and
mother, who are too old td support them
selves, were overcome with grief., , With
out their son to aid and 'care 'for them
they are left in' an almost, destitute con
dition. ••. -v.^v; "- h m :'•¦ ' :
With tears in her., eyes Uhs mother told
yesterday how her son had been led to
take a position as a. teamster.'- She said:
"Up to the beginning of the Ironworkers'
strike Henry was employed at the' Union
Iron Works. When that strike took his
work from him I told him that he would
have to find work 'elsewhere,', as he was.
our only support. He looked everywhere,
but could find nothing, until Mr. Worth
offered him a position as teamster a few
days ago. When the shooting took place In
the street he had only been gone from the
house a few minutes. He dldnot.know
that he had shot any one until the officer
came for him this afternoon.-* ' It was at
my advice thathe tried. to reach, his 'work
after he had. been -beaten." i . , -
His Parents'. Support.
one. I went into the house", washed the
blood from my face and came out again,
A car came along and I jumped on it. •
intending to go to the Seventeenth street
station, as they followed me on the car.
Near Fifth street one of. them grabbed me
by the neck and threw me down and they
all kicked me .and ran down Fifth 'street
toward Tehama/As soon as I got my wind
I went home and my mother attended to
my wounds."
Frank Farrell, a , non-union teamster,
was attacked by some men on Fell street
between Octavia • and . Laguna* Monday
night about 8 o'clock and was. cut in; the
face with a knife by one of them. ¦¦> Detec
tive Harry Reynolds was detailed on the
case yesterday, but he was unable to find
any clew to Farrell's assailants. ¦
¦ ' James-Coyne, an aged i man, • who has
been driving his own teams for a number
of years, .was assaulted and badly; beaten
by striking teamsters on Sixth street yes
terday. "• , Coyne had in no way known to
himself offended against any of the strik
ers,or their .fight. v He was going about
his .own business. with : his team when at-
L Maguire, a union teamster, and W.
H.< Smith, a colored non-union teamster,
are neighbors ¦ on Stockton street. Mon
day night they began to talk about the
strike. . - A- fight, resulted, and . Smith al
leges that Maguire hit him on the head
with a large rock.. He, had to-be taken
to 'the Receiving Hospital for treatment.
Yesterday, he swore out a warrant in
Judge Cabaniss' court for Magulre's ar
rest on the charge of assault with a dead
ly weapon. - . • . .
The: arrival of a policeman caused the
strikers to beat a hasty , retreat. The po
liceman escorted Watt to Stetson & Ren
ner's stables. ¦•¦'• , • ¦•-•*.
almost cost the life of J. Watt, a non
union teamster In the employ of Stetson
& Renner. . Watt resides in a rooming
house at 149% Fifth street. The strikers
had been awaiting an opportunity for sev
eral days to convert him to the cause of
the brotherhood. Yesterday morning
when he was leaving his home he - was
met by a deputation of about 150 team
sters, one of whom started matters by
h i" r A In ? a brlck at Watt. The. brick miss
ed its Intended target and passed through
a nearby window. ¦ • ¦ ,
Following this Watt was struck, by one
of the i teamsters g and knocked down.
When he sot to his -feet he drew his re
volver and fired two shots at the man
who had hurled the brick at him. Neither
shot took effect When Watt drew his
revolver several of the strikers drew
theirs and for a few minutes the air about
the corner - of Fifth and Mission streets
was lively with flying lead. While Watt
was standing In. his doorway two bullets
lodged In the casement within a foot of
him. A third passed dangerously near F.
Harsen, a bartender, who was sweeping
the sidewalk. It lodged In the wall near
the saloon door.
CHANGES AGAINST BBOPHY.
The leaders also complained of • the
action of the police officers In driving the
strikers away from their headquarters on
East street. Captain Dunleavy, Sergeant
Cook and two officers attacked the crowd
congregated there yesterday and drove
them all off the street. The two officers
were stationed in front of the sailors'
headquarters after the men had been
driven away and were given, orders to
keep the men from assembling there
apaln.-
The two policemen were removed a few
hours ' later at the request of Secretary
Furuseth. who told Captain Dunleavy
that since the inception of the strike there
had been no trouble of any sort at the
headquarters and" that his action vras jll
advired. The secretary said yesterday
"The men have their headquarters on
East street and the police have no right
to prevent them hanging: around there.
They have never created any trouble
there, but on the contrary have beer most
quiet. If there is any violence It will be
caused by the police trying to deprive the
men of their rights."
The leaders stated that the matter had
been brought to their attention- by people
who had overheard the sergeant urging
laborers to go to work as non-union men;
Unless immediate action is taken and the
eergreant prevented from interfering in
the labor strug-g-Ie the strikers say • they
will report the matter %o the Police Com
missioners.
The . labor . leaders of the City Front
Federation visited Captain Dunleavy yes
terday and complained of the actions of
Sergeant Brophy of the harbor police.
They "stated that Information had been
given them to the effect that the sergeant
had 'been acting as a sort, of employing
agent for the. boss stevedores -of the
water front and had used his best endeav
ors to bring idle men to the' front to take
the places of the strikers. * .
Agent.
Strikers Say He Acts as Employing
When Cole's friends learned, that' hls.life
was in danger - they called aXi? police
headquarters to get a warrant .for. -Da- 1
vis' arrest on the charge of assault ; t to |
When Henry Davis reached his home
and had the blood washed from his face
he resolved to make another attempt to
reach his employer's . stables," at the.cor
ner of Webster and McAllister streets,'
where his team >was awaiting him. He
succeeded In getting aboard -a Howard
street car without, being molested. • but
when the car arrived between Fourth and
Fifth streets a crowd of strikers entered
and dragged Davis from the car. By that
time they had learned that- the. shot
which had been fired by Davis had found
lodgment In, the breast of one of their
comrades, ' and in consequence they
showed no mercy to the boy. He was
hurled- to the ground and kicked and
beaten until the blood streamed from his
face. When he. was finally rescued by the
police he was scarcely able to walk. He
waa removed at once to his home.
A Second Beating.
Cole, the ¦ wounded man, ran Immedi
ately to tils home and until he had
reached his room scarcely knew that he
had been shot. As soon as possible a
physician was summoned. It was discov
ered that the bullet had entered the left
side and. had passed not far from • the
heart, but owing to the weak condition
of the patient it was not deemed advis
able to probe for it. ' ' ' *
In speaking of the events which led up
to the shooting Cole said that he had of
fered no violence to Davis, but that he
and John Connelly, and a few other mem
bers of .the- Brotherhood of -Teamsters,
had gone to Davis' home in the hope of
Inducing him by peaceful means ; to leave
his position. The wounded man declared
that when the shooting occurred he was
standing near the sidewalk and -almost
thirty feet from the man who shot him.
The other members of the brotherhood
who took part in the affair also claim
that Davis was not subjected to any .vio
lent. treatment, but that he was simply
requested to become" one of the strikers,
upon "Which he drew his revolver and fired
into the crowd.'
After Davis' face had been badly .beat
en he finally freed himself from the strik
ers and ran Into the middle of the street,
closely pursued by his assailants: When
he reached the car track he drew a revol
ver and fired a shot In the direction of the
strikers. No one fell. After firing the
shot Davis ran across the street and into
his, house. ' The strikers disappeared. from
the* vicinity of the shootin;? and no one
for a ¦ moment suspected that Cole had
been shot. . ¦- ¦
Fires Into, the Crowd.
There were about five strikers In the
party which attacked Davis. One of them
approached Davis and after a very short
conversation struck 'him a 'blow which
felled him to the sidewalk. The com
panions of the man who started the fight
then rushed to the attack. "While Davis
was lying prostrate on the ground they
proceeded to beat and kick him about the
face and body. .
ble Is being done to save his life, but it
is feared he cannot survive. . •' ¦ ¦
The shooting ¦ occurred at the corner of
New Montgomery and Howard streets.
Davis, - who since . the. beginning of
the strike has been In the employ of C.
A. Worth, a drayman whose office is at
316 Market street,- had just left his home
and was standing 1 at "the corner of New
Montgomery stieet, awaiting the" ap
proach of a Howard street car. One of
the few witnesses to the encounter gave
the following version of the shooting
yesterday afternoon.'
Jack Dorney, proprietor of a saloon at
6S4 -Fourth street, was before the
board to show cause why his li
cerse should not be revoked. Sev
eral days ago Sergeant Duke, meeting a
crowd of striking teamsters in front of
Dcrney's saloon, ordered them to dis
perse. Duke claimed that the bartender
told the men not to obey him, and dared
him to interfere with them. 'Dorney ex
plained that he was not present at the
time, otherwise he would have called the
barkeeper to an account Upon this
showing and 'the statement of Attorney
Archie Campbell, who defended Dorney,
that the latter was friendly to the Police
Department, the charge was ignored.
Police Officer Timothy Cronln was fined
$50 for reporting off duty in an In
toxicated condition. Cronin was de
tailed to protect a non-union team
ster, and after seeing him . . safely
home he took several ' drinks ot white
wine which "went to his head," as he
expressed it. As this was his first of
f« rs« the Commissioners decided to let
him. off with a fine.
The Police* Commissioners met last
night and granted 137 permits . to carry
ccncealed weapons. Amongr the persons
•who were given the privilege of carrying
"guns" were Robert Morrow of the Sut
ter-street Railroad Company; Ward Mc-
Allister, who Is a member of the Pacific
Vrlon Club, and Abe Goldstein, the
"fighting barber" who fired Into a crowd
of . strikers who attempted to wreck his
place of business on Fourth street a few
nU'htt ago. John Curtin, who conducts a
private detective agency, was given per
mission to arm forty-four of his men,
who are employed in protecting non
union men In the wholesale district. Thir
teen permits were granted to members of
the Merchants' Association on the rep
resentation that it was necessary for
them to protect themselves in case they
were attacked.
Police/Commissioners Grant a Num-
ber of Permits to Carry
Eevolvers.
MERCHANTS • SEEK TO
PBOTECT "THEMSELVES
Complaint was made yesterday, to the
City Front Federation that cargoes were
bejng. unloaded at Benicla and at Red
wood City. Bteps were at once taken by
the strike committee to render effective
the sjtrike order directed against those
places as well as all other ports of the
bay.
Friction trtth the police Is becoming
more and more galling: to the strikers on
the water front. Interference with their
pickets and what they consider Cnneces
eary roughness In dispersing peaceable
crowds that gather along East street have
eet a feud smoldering, and conservative
men on both sides fear that trouble will
result. It was noticeable yesterday that
more Incipient riots and serious encoun
ters between strikers and non-union men
occurred than on any previous day of the
strike. Still more significant were several
outbreaks on the water front, where pre
viously the "plclcets placed by the City
Front Federatlpn had maintained most
remarkable order, considering the number
cf Bailors and 'longshoremen that are out
on' strike. *&'
A great mass meeting will be held at
Metropolitan Temple to-morrow night, at
which the labor leaders will state the.
cas* of the trades unions to the public.
Committees from the City Front Federa
tion and the Labcr Council met yesterday
end arranged for the demonstration.
Speakers of ability will discuss the strike
In- all Its phases. The committees will
complete arrangements for the meeting
to-day.
employers' defense were made.
The Band teamsters, to the number of
MO, will <inJt work -this morning, but no
additional strikes have been ordered by
llte Sen Francisco Labor Council.
—^ ETAILS of strike forces now In
operation occupied the attention
of the labor leaders yesterday,
- — and no new attacks upon, the
Danger of a Clash Between
: Police and Strikers Getting
'Greater From Day to Day
Monster Mass-Meeting Will
,;Be Held To-M6rrow Night
: to Voice Labor's Grievances
OPERATIONS
NOT EXTENDED
BEYOND BAY
The schooner Occidental succeeded - tai
getting a non-union crew at Sausallto
yesterday morning and sailed for Eureka.
There are 140 men at work on the ves
sels at the dock of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. Lamber « is being
discharged from the Empire on barges.
The captain and mate of the vessel, as
sisted by the entire wharf clerical force,
are helping -the longshoremen.
Curacao, for Mexico; Pomona, for Eu
reka; City of Puebla and Rainier, for Pu
get Sound: Corona, for Port Harford; Em
pire, for Coos Bay; Coronado. for Grays
Harbor; Mandalay. for the Coqulil©
River; San Pedro, for Eureka; America
Maru, for Hongkong, and the Mariposa,
for Honolulu. ;
Of these vessels only the Empire, Amer
ica Maru. Mariposa. Pomona and the Cu
racao will succeed In petting out.
Occidental Gets a Crew.
The last of the careo of the George "W.
Elder was taken out of her«yesterday. She
will be tied up for several days, as the
owners will make no attempt to load her.
The steamer Enterprise, which has been
tied up in Oakland Creek, was towed out
yesterday and a force of men put to work
loading her with a general cargo for Hilo.
The British ship Achnashie will • be
towed in a day or two to Port Costa. The
work of relieving her of her cargo of tan
bark and most of her ballast was com
pleted yesterday. Captain Longmuyr says
the Celtic name which his vessel bears
means "home of peace," and that In con
sequence he does not expect to have any
trouble with his ship.
-The British ship Maxwell nad no diffi
culty in procuring men to handle her
cargo of coke. She had 1682 tons of the
fuel aboard and landed It all at Oakland
long wharf. She will take on a load of
wheat for Europe.
¦ The collier Bristol Is being rapidly ¦un
loaded at the sugar refinery. There has
been no work done on the ships Czarina
and Empire, which are also laden with
coal. ¦»
The South '- Portland arrived from Ta
corna yesterday morning. Her crew 13
composed entirely of Japanese. She went
directly to the Green-street wharf, where
her crew of Orientals will discharge her
cargo. The captain of the South Portland
is loud In his praises of his crew. He
shipped them all at Tacoma, where he
had so much trouble with the members
of his old crew that he was, compelled to
discharge them. . •
There "are eighty men employed at
Spear-street dock loading the Oregon
Railway v -and Navigation Company's
steamer- Columbia. The dock Is literally
covered with freight and it will require
two days' hard labor to get It aboard. The
Columbia was to have sailed last Satur
day.
Loading the America Mara.
The America Maru, which la being
loaded at the Mail dock, will probably
get away on time Saturday. Three hun
dred men are at work on the dock loading
her and discharging the cargo from the
City of Sydney. The latter vessel la
scheduled to leave for Panama and way
ports Thursday, and though a large por
tion of her cargo is still on board her
owners expect that there will be no delay
in her departure.
There are 1000 tons of freight on How
ard-street wharf awaiting the arrival of
the Chilean mall steamer Aconcagua from
Oakland, where she went to be coaled and
to receive a load of wheat and heavy
machinery. It is expected that she will
be towed over from there this morning.
The work of unloading the collier Tellus
at the Dunsmuir bunkers la being accom
plished by two gangs of negroes. The
owners are satisfied with the amount of
work being done.
The ship Royalist is being coaled In the
stream. She will leave for Portland as
soon as her bunkers are filled and load
there with lumber for Taku, China.
The Point Arena will leave to-day for
Point Arena and the Eureka sailed yea
terday. The loading of these two vessels
has been accomplished under great diffi
culties and the owners feel that they ara
extremely fortunate in getting them away
at this time. .
The Umatilla will not be able to start
"on her trip north until Saturday. She
was due to leave last Sunday, but the
freight that she was to carry was handled
so slowly, that it was deemed advisable to
hold her here until all the cargo was
aboard.
TJmatilla Still in Port.
There was considerable work done on
the front yesterday by the non-union
hands. The first vessel to be completely
laden was the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany's Australia end she will leave for
Tahiti to-day at 10 a. m. ' The Mariposa.
which is due to sail for Honolulu. Satur
day, will be ready to leave on schedule
time. The stevedores who have been at
work on the Australia commenced loading
her yesterday . afternoon.
A number of vessels that have arrived
here since the Inception of the strike have
succeeded in. getting rid of their freight
by going to Benicla and Redwood City to
unload. The strikers were informed of
this fact yesterday and steps were taken
immediately to put a stop to the practice.
The strike committee of the City Front
Federation was hastily summoned, with
the result that the strike order was
changed so as to include these two bay
ports.
A number of ships have sufficient cargo
In their bclds to warrant their sailing to
day,.but in each case there will be great
£elay.
_-','' every means In their power to
send their ships to sea, but they could not
get tho cargoes aboard and were com
pelled to announce that -no departure
Would be made untjl to-day.
p-y pJ HOUGH several vessels were
I scheduled to leave port yesterday,
1 not "one of them £ succeeded In
1L t getting away. Their owners tried
Away at Announced Time
Sail Are Unable to Get
Several Vessels Scheduled to
Stop Discharge of Cargoes
Embrace These Ports to
Strike Order Is Extended to
BENICIA AND
REDWOOD CITY
ARE INCLUDED
LABOR LEADERS PROCEED SLOWLY IN DEVELOPMENT OF PLANS
TO MAKE STILL MORE EFFECTIVE THE STRIKE ON WATER FRONT
AND VIOLENCE BECOMES FREQUENT AS CONTEST IS PROLONGED
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST T; 1901.
: Continued on. Page Five.
At a meeting of the San Francisco Cycle
Board \ of Trade held . ; last '¦' night * it was
decided j to call' a" meeting of committees
from the \ different retailers'.' associations
for;, the purpose .of discussing what con
ciliatory measure can. be taken in regard
to settling. the present Industrial disturb
ances. -The meeting will be held in the
assembly, room of the. Parrott - building
to-morrow night. , An invitation to repre
sentatives of other organizations to be
present is extended. The committee from
the Cycle Board of Trade is as -follows:
President W. J. Kenny, Joseph , Holle • J.
Eames. J.<W. Cornell, B. B. Horr and N
S. Hatfleld. • . -¦ , ' '. ,..' .,.-.- -,. .. >/. -,.._-. .
Cyclists Appoint a Committee.
The officers jumped from the wagon
with clubs In their hands 'and dashed, into
the mob,: .which j numbered by this time
fully 200 men. They struck right and left
with their clubs and soon had the crowd
breaking for cover.; The strikers ran Into
the -neighboring saloons, but the police
followed them in and. drove them out. and
continued driving .them' until there : was
not a'man to be seen on the streets. ' ¦ ¦ ¦
1 Michael "Doyle, one of the mob who
persisted ; in ; remaining , in the i neighbor
hood.'lwas arrested and charged with dis
turbing the peace.
The conflict was caused by an attack
made by several of the strikers on a deaf
mute, whom they mistook for a deaf mute
who had been at work on the Mall dock.
Tl*e mute: was walking ¦ , up -Brannan
street last night about 7 o'clock when he
was stopped by , several union . men. He
could not answer -.their queries and they
proceeded to beat - him. The street was
crowded at the time with strikers and it
was feared that they would attempt to
make a raid on the non-union men em
ployed on the Mail dock. Captains Ander
son and Wilson witnessed the attack on
the unfortunate mute and tried- to rescue
the man. The crowd was too dense, how
ever,, and they could not reach him.
In the vicinity of the Mail dock are sev
eral private wires leading to the' Hall of
Justice, by. means of which' the police- can
be quickly summoned. One of these wires
was in close proximity to the scene of the
trouble and .Captain Anderson pressed the
button. Within a very few minutes Cap*
tain Wittman and ten policemen arrived
in a patrol wagon. ¦ ¦ •- , ¦ •
Branrian street in the neighborhood of
the Mail dock was the scene of a conflict
last evening between strikers ; and the
police that for a time promised serious
results. That It did not end In a fatality
was due to .the fact that the officers used
their clubs only and that the strikers had
no opportunity to make' a -concerted
attack. . . ¦
N POLICE DISPERSE STRIKERS.
tacked and beaten. He was -taken to the
Emergency ; Hospital, where Dr. McElroy
treated his injuries, which consisted - of
several lacerated and contused wounds
about the head and face. ¦ • •
Charles. Bredhoft, a non-union teamster
employed by O'Callaghan & Nelson and
residing at 237 Hickory avenue, was, at
tacked Monday night by seven -men who
had lain in' wait for him and ¦was badly
beaten. His assailants also brutally kick
ed his wife when she implored them to
stop beating her husband.
Tom Mulligan, a non-union machinist
employed at the Risdon Iron "Works, was
knocked down and severely 1 beaten by a
number of union men shortly after noon
at the corner of Main and Folsom streets.
The following vessels are scheduled to
sail Friday and Saturday:
"I left home about 6 o'clock this morn
ing: to go to tho- barns at McAllister and
Webster streets. When I got outside I
noticed five men who followed me across
-the., street. » One of them salO, 'You will
drive a truck,' and struck me a violent
blow on the face, knocking me down.
Then he kicked me and the other four piled
on me. I got to my feet and ran to the
middle of the street, they following me,
when I pulled out my revolver and fired a
shot. I did not know that I had hit any
4
ADVERTISETiTTTNTS.
The money-back soap is Fels-
" -".'¦'¦ V' i'~ *' """ '¦' ¦ ,* ¦"-¦ " ' I
Naptha; you wouldn't take five
times your money back.
'*
Specialist. Disease
and •weakness of
men. Established
1SSL • Consultation
and private book
free, at office or by
mall- Cures, guar-
anteed. 7S1 Mar-
ket street (eleva-
tor entrance), San
Francisco. •
DH.METERS&CO.
»* VT*'^HAPPY YOUNG COUPLE WHO
WILL BE MADE HUSBAND AND
WIFE TO-DAY.
At the RIsdon Iron Works a simila
state of things Is reported. The force of
The strike of the machinists shows lit
tle change. , The . men are still out re
solved, not to go to "work until their de
mands are acceded to.- Meanwhile -the
Union Iron Wojks, the largest concern in
terested in the strike movement, manages
to keep its machinery turning. ,
"We have a force of some 1500 men and
boys steadily, at work," said Irving M
Scott yesterday. _ "The work I happens to
be slack just now. so that we haven't; use
for a greater number of employes. The
strike doesn't- cause us any concern what
ever. < It will settle- itself ultimately.. If
the machinists can stand the strain, I'm
sure we can. That is all there is to it."
Large Establishments.
ITon-TJnion Men Are Employed at
MACHINISTS' AT WORK.
Although members of the Sand Team
sters* Union are to go on strike to-day,
forty of that number who are engaged in
hauling the street sweepings for Gray
Bros, will be allowed -to continue their
work without molestation. ,
All of the teamsters I employed in the
street-sweeping work belong to the union.
Harry N. Gray appeared before the Labor
Council authorities yesterday, .and re
quested, that these teamsters be not in
cluded- in the general strike order. ¦ He
represented that the streets could not be
cleaned' and i that general distress would
ensue. *» The council gave the* desired order
excluding the street-sweeping teamsters
from the strike, but imposing' the con
dition that teamsters be not'used by Gray
Bros. for. any other kind of work during
the , strike, v ' ', <:' t ¦ • - 1 ¦ '
Will -Not Strike.
Those Engaged on Street-Sweeping
employes is large enough for all require
ments, so the managers claim.
GRAY BROTHERS' TEAMSTERS.
, The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information usk L.
M. Fletcher, 126 California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
•In order that they may more- ener
getically protect ; themselves against the
possibility of their former employers
hiring other men, the box, makers have
formally declared a strike. Until yester
day the box makers were simply locked
out, but henceforth they will , consider
themselves as strikers and will take ac
tive measures to prevent the box factories
from opening - ip until their demands are
granted.
Hobbs. Wall & Co., the Commercial, Pa
cific, American and National box fac
factorles are oil closed down and there
are in the neighborhood of 400 men out of
employment. The Commercial Box Fac
tory attempted to resume operations Mon
day with a small force, but the strikers
succeeded in calling out the men. Hobbs,
Wall & Co. attempted a similar move yes
terday with ths same result.
Ldcked-Out Men Decide to Assume
¦*¦ ' . the Aggressive.
Oliver Danis and Frank Brannan were
tried before a jury , in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday on a charge- of passing
morphine to a prisoner named Brooks in
the Branch County Jail on June 29 last.
The jury brought in a verdict of guilty
against Danis and ' acquitted , Brannan.
Danis will be sentenced to-day. The of
fense Is made a felony under the new law
which came into, effect July'l.
Passing Morphine to Prisoners.
Mr. H. Lesser has taken charge of the
California Shoe Company, 1506 Market
street. He will have the place renovated
ready for business on September 2. New
goods, have been ordered. Every pair of
shoes now in the premises must be sold
by August 31. Will therefore sell to-mor
row $2 50 ladles' and men's shoes for $1 00.
Mind you. these are $2 50 shoes. All sizes.
Every pair will he sold at the California
Shoe Company. 1506 Market street, above
City Hall avenue. *
Good News.
Letter No. 2 was sent by the association's
manager. Charles Lytle. addressed to Paint
'ers' Union Xo. 73. on April 29. 1901. again call-
Ing for a committee of three to meet a like
committee of three made up of L. A. Rea, P.
N. Kuss and H. F. Wagner. The request was
again complied with, the committee met, and.,
as Mr. Black says, the results were not satis
factory. -This may be quite true, and. Judging
from past experience it could not be otherwise,
and the blame for the same must certainly not
be charged up to the Building Trades Council
and certainly not to the present movement,
since It was sent out five days prior to the
request of the Building Trades Council In be
half of Painters' Union No. 73. ¦' Which ¦ re
quest was acknowledged by Charles A. Lytla
Esq. on May 20. 1901. In which tie sa!d that
it was referred to the Master i Painters' Asso-
"At a meeting of the Master Painters' Asso
ciation of the Pacific- Coast, held March 2, 1900.
a resolution was passed to have your union
appoint a committee of three to meet, a like
number of our association on Wednesday even
ing, March 7, at 7 o'clock, at the store of P.
N. KVS3 & Co.; 20S Post street. Respectfully
yours, HENRY V. WAGNER, Secretary."
This communication was by motion of Paint
ers' Union No. 73 ordered received and filed
and the request complied with. The members
of that committee on the evening of March 7
called st the p.bove mentioned location and
waited for a reasonable time, with the result
that nt-ne of the committee from, the Master
Painters' Association put in an appearance,
go much for letter No. 1.
The rvbove statement, if true, would place
Painters' Union j No. 73 in anything but a
pleasant position. It is unfortunate for Mr
1 Slack, however, that the facts in the case do
not bear him out. The first letter written by
th.? Master Painters' Association is dated
March 5, 1900, which reads as follows:
"One of the reasons why we shall not grant
this demand is the increase in the cost of ma
terial. Oils and leads are higher now than
they have been for some time arfd to pay out
man more than • they are receiving now would
mean ruin to our business."
"We have decided that the condition of our
business doe3 not warrant the payment of
higher wajres to brush hands. We pay the
men what they are worth, and every member
of the association has men in his employ to
whom he pays more than $3 50 per day. Evi
dently the order issued by the union does not
affect these men, for they are still at work.
Mr. -Black* says that "we were informed
three months ago that an increase of the pay
of oalnterp would be demanded by the union
August 5. We appointed a committee to meet
with a committee from the painters, but the
meeting resulted unsatisfactorily. The mem
bers of the association, have met often since
then and thoroughly canvassed the situation.
As a result of our deliberations we have de
termined to refuse to grant the demand. Our
members are unde.r $500 bonds to live up to
the laws of the association, and so far only
one member has shown a disposition to grant
the increase.
Many statements emanating from employing
painters appeared in the press of to-day,
especially that of Mr. Black, which may be
taken as representative of the whole.
P. H. McCarthy, president of the Build
ing Trades' Council, sent the following
statement to the press late last night,
regarding the painters' strike:
Interview.
P. H. McCarthy Replies to Black's
PAINTERS' SIDE OF CONTEST.
BOX MAKERS DECLARE STRIKE
Secretary Rosenberg of the Labor Coun
cil addressed the committee at some
length. Reports were received to the ef
fect that the entire membership of the
union would walk out to-day without fail.
The entire strength of the organization,
numbering about 530 teamsters, will walk
put this morning. It is expected that this
will seriously cripple the building crafts,
as no mason work can be done on build
ings now in course of construction or to
be erected without the co-operation of the
sand teamsters. It was estimated by a
builder last night that the walkout of
the -teamsters would within a short time
throw 2000 carpenters and allied building
craftsmen out of work.-
The executive committee of the Sand
Temsters' Union met at the union's hall
on' Eighth street, near Folsom, last night.
The action of the executive committee of
the Labor Council in calling out the un
ion was heartily indorsed.
Building Trades.
Sand Teamsters' Strike May Cripple
WILL "WALK OUT TO-DAY.
From the foregoing it will readily be under
stood that these firms have selected the easiest
plan to secure non-union or scab help. It will
also be understood why all the packers, porters
end warehousemen did not respond to the call
of their organization and those who did not
respond to that call have violated a solemn
obligation; they have soiled their honor and
have 6hown themselves to be utterly without
principle, and that the dictates of their vicious
Plan to Get Non-Union Help.
When the general walkout was ordered, and
*ven before that date, certain firms tried (and
the firms mentioned below succeeded) to have
their employes sign a typewritten resignation,
thereby hoping, it is presumed, to change the
existing circumstances. The firms that suc
ceeded in this plan are the following: William
duff & Co., 20 Front street: Baker & Hamil
ton. Pine and Market; South San Francisco
Packing Company, Schloss Crockery Company.
Zellerbach & Co.. Gulf Bag Company. Oriental
"Warehouse. Eagle Warehouse. M. Ehrman &
Co.. Dairymen's Union, R. K. Xason Jones,
Paddock & Co. '
It is against such a class of men that the
tinions are making their manly fight, and these
men— I mean employers— have shown them
selves to be devoid of every principle that Is
manly and of all that it good and just.
Explains Position of Unions.
The public can now judge of these firms,
and let it be borne in mind that they are not
alone. Nearly all big mercantile firms have
done this thing, but the officers of the union
have succeeded in eecuring possession of those
only that are appended above.
the first and second of the three above agree
ments.
Temporary electric lights have ¦ been
erected at the scene of the explosion and
to-night 200 men under the direction of the
Department of Public Safety are vigor
ously pursuing the search. The police and
fire' officials hold to the theory that gaso
line did the damage and that it ha# been
stored in one of the three groceries. >.-' ¦¦
The most seriously injured who are like
ly to die: Mrs. Patrick Quigley, Samuel
Gates (colored), Lizzie Watkins (colored),
Morris Rcsenthal.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 6.— Seven dead,
two or. three probably fatally wounded
and more than sixty other persons hurt
more or less seriously is the latest revised
record of -last night's : explosion- in \- the
block of buildings on Locust street. How
many more victims, if any, are still In the
ruins, will not be known until the debris
has been cleared away, which will require
many mere hours of hard work. The lat
est find .was made at 8 o'clock to-night,
A^hen the badly burned remains of a col
ored man were found in the wreckage
upon the sidewalk. The list of dead:
•ELIZABETH MOUNTAIN, aged 3S
years.
FREDERICK LEE, aged 40, colored.
Unknown colored child, aged about 3
years. ,." «
Unknown colored woman, aged about 28.
Three unknown colored. men.
Continued From Page Four.
Workmen Continue the
Search for Victims
of Explosion.
PORTERS STATE THEIR CASE,
p"Ti-=a HIS evening at G o'clock Miss Eva
I Herold and Dr. E. TV. Westphal
I will be married at St Paul's Luth
j| eran Church, corner of Gough and
Eddy streets.
It is to be an extremely aulet wedding.
No invitations have been issued for the
ceremony, and only the immediate rela
tives of the contracting parties will be
C HARR ED BODIES
IN FIRE RUINS
In conclusion let it be noted that the mem
bers of the Employers' Association are for the
most part the very employers of the packers,
porters and warehousemen, but that fact docs
not deter its members from making a pro
longed and strong fight and the few who did
remain at work and those who did not have
the manhood to continue the fight the organ
ization is well rid of and the members of the
union are thoroughly glad that the present
crisis has come about, if for no other reason
than to know who are the men.
Believing that the public should know the
exact position of the Packers'. Porters' and
Warehousemen's Union. No. S885. in this flght
and the exact condition of affairs, which
the Employers' Association has been mainly
responsible for, and of the tactics that members
of said Employers' Association are using
against said union, the above statement is
hereby given out.' . J. E. ONEILL.
President Packers'. Porters' and Warehouse
men's Protective Union No. 8885.
But the fight is now on In earnest and those
that are out are fully determined to see the
end and they will stand by their union in this
great struggle, for the cause is good and a
good cause is half the battle.
employers have been more to them than the
call of duty.
The Pacific Coast Photo Dealers' Asso
ciation tendered a banquet last evening
to Ernest Cramer of St. Louis, Mo. A
tasty menu was discussed and toasts and
speech-making were not lacking in honor
of the guest and of his bride. The follow
ing members were at the reception: W. A.
Hartter, Joseph Fernald. Frank J. Vulice
vich. L. D. Hicks, L. M. Kaiser, J. A
Sanford, W. E. Waterbury, Beverly Mor
ris, Henry J. Shillcockf C. P. Magagnos,
George Harmes, P. J. Stuparich, H. A.
Adams and S. J. Stupaiich.
Banquet the Bridegroom.
Further complications are expected in
the event the lumber Is discharged, as the
union lumber teamsters not yet on strike
will refuse to. handle any cargoes dis
charged by non-union hands.
The status of the teamsters' strike on
this side of the bay remains unchanged. .
The Humboldt Lumber Company has
cargoes on the Fteamer North Fork and
schooner Bella, which will be unloaded to
morrow if non-union men can be secured.
The steamer Mandalay, carrying 180.000
feet of lumber consigned- to the Humboldt
Lumber Company and E. B. & A. L.
Stone Company, was discharged to-day.
The Howard Company's engineers have
not been ordered out yet, because the
company has not attempted to discharge
any vessel the crew of which is on strike.
Two engineers and a fireman were called
off the coal bur.kers of the Pacific Coast
Company by Stationary Engineers' Union,
No. 67, because it had been reported the
company would attempt to discharge the
steamer Australia with a non-union steve
dore gang. The company claims to be
ready to fill the engineers' places as soon
as it has men to work on the steamer.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— All union hoisting
engineers employed on the Oakland water
front have been called out. The Southern
Pacific Company filled the vacancies on
the coal bunkers at Long wharf at once.
The company has also put a score of non
union longshoremen at work in pla'ce of
the men who went on strike Friday.
Vacancies at Coal Bunkers.
Southern Pacific Immediately Fills
HOISTING ENGINEERS -OUT.
No preparations at all have been made
for the wedding. There are to be no dec
orations in the church, and no reception
after the ceremony. As soon as the bind
ing words are spoken Dr. Westphal and
his bride will leave for the East.
The bride will wear a' blue tailor gown
and a large white hat trimmed in blue.
Miss Herold, who is charming and ac
complished, is the daughter of Rud61ph
Herold Jr. She has made her home with
her grandmother, Mrs. N. Van Bergen, at
834 Post street. Dr. Westphal is a popu
lar and successful young dentist.
The future home of the doctor and his
bride will be in this city. They have
taken a house at the corner of Haight and
Pierce and will occupy it upon their re
turn from their bridal tour.
present when Dr. Buehler pronounces
them husband and wife.
elation. . This request called for a reply deal-
Ing with the contents <Jf the same, which re
ply never came, so the public can readily see
that if the master painters were desirous' of
conferring with the council they had plenty of
time to do so, and it will not now do for Mr.
Black to say that they conferred with No. 73
with bad results. The fact is that the em
ploying painters are themselves to blame and
I hope they will cheerfully take upon them
selves the responsibility of this controversy
now troing on and not try. to place it on the
shoulders of Xo. 73, which is not entitled nor
called upon to bear so heavy a burden.
It is not fair to the material men to say
that they have raised material so high that
with an Increase of a few cents a day in
wages paid the men it prohibits painting. This
I know to be incorrect. AYhen material and
wages are low very little improvements are
going on ; when lumber can be purchased ' for
$9 per thousand and oil and lead are low few
people can be found who care to build, but
when they are high, as Mr. Black says of the
present, building and every other industry is
brisk. Some of Mr. Black's own patrons stated
no later than to-day that his views were not
shared in by them; that if he insisted on his
low wage scale some other, employing painter
would have to do their work. With reference
to his $500 bond I desire to say that it is a
very convenient bond and binds no one only
inasmuch as they desire to be bound by }t.
It was put up when the master painters came
together for the purpose of arranging a sched
ule of prices, below which no man doing a
legitimate trade could figure, and not for the
purpose of fighting the men that do the work
or opposing -a living wage. Thus it will ,be
seen the bond, as I have stated, is a very
convenient one. The Building Trades Council
is in this Instance very sincere and honestly
working to elevate not alone the Journeyman,
but also the employers, and is ¦willing to co
operate with them at any time for the best
interest of this city and State.
During the past week a number of men
have been rounded up here In Los An
geles and sent by one route or another to
the present scene of Clark's operations.
J. W. Miller of this city has acted in the
capacity, of "enlistment agent." Another
lot has been rounded up In Arizona, and
will congregate at the same center.' Every
man has been asked to go to work at
either driving stakes, packing chain or
handling powder, but at the same time he
has been given to understand that danger
would probably attach to his work, and
his willingness to make a flght If neces
sary has been determined in that way.
When interviewed to-day neither of
Clark's representatives would admit that
a fighting force had been sent to the
desert. ,J. Ross Clark said:
"We have been employing a large num
ber of new men lately, both in the engi
neering anfl other division, and I- think
our interests on the desert are now so
well protected that there Is little danger
of any further action, such as the taking
of the Meadow Valley grade. The men
we have sent in have been picked up here
in Los Angeles and through the country,
and they have been very well provided
with necessary 'camp equipment." "
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 6.— Senator W. A.
Clark and his Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railroad Company are fully prepared to
combat, with force of arms If necessary,
any further attempt by any rival line to
encroach upon their" right of way ''or
vested rights In the desert.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Attempt to Interrupt Rail
road Work Will, Cause
-Battle.
Lively, Conflict May Soon
Take Place on the
Desert.
CLARK'S MEN
CARRY GUNS
SIX O'CLOCK WEDDING
AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH
Miss Eva Herold and Dr. E. W. Westphal
to Be Quietly Married This Evening.
Will Leave for the East After Ceremony
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ WEDNESDAY^ : ATJGIJST 7, 1901.
5
RAILWAY TSAVEL
JRATLWAY TBAVEI*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
5 ; L . * Jcanette and lit? Australian Cockatoos ,in Attraction Hall, Free. y \-
\ |
I <i^^^ >' Greatest of Cloak and Suit Safes* *j^b> \ |
I gtSfjl) Third day of the sale of the balance of Steinberg & Go,'s ¥!r |
I V kl^L^ (* he New York manufacturing tailors) stock of this season's /f^ps $
x 'jsm$0~Sh garments, including many of the finest made, now selling /)\t,j) *
JC ¦ V 1 |L-<^»^ S:«nb;rg'« |io.co to f 20.00 Tailor Drisses. Stc'n'jerg's |io.oo to J15.00 Cape? .... Steinberg's |i.oo to $2.50 Crash Under kfets 7 |\ »S
5 N'k^Wh ••........./........ .$5.00 ..: $4 95 5i o [M jj
|f J- .J 0 M ....$10*00 Steinberg's $4.00 to J6.5oSUk Waist?. .. St;ir.b:rgVfi;75 to Wrapxr?. Offo f\\ 5
$ iJSi viJr StMnberg'sias.oo to Tailor Dreses. - f !" V; " '";--¦- •••^•92.39 S--irb.Tj'. $1.75 Cbildrcn', Wash b re . e ... A \\\ |
X.- j^^^3 * J3 $15.00 Strl . nbel 8 s I7-5O to lis.50 Silk Wasrs \.75o // \ l\\ S
•£ ' '. V '", '-'!" '"¦"•" "*1 ""¦-'.""*¦•¦¦ " $4.95 S:einterg's J8.50 to |i2.oo ChUdren's Wool / Lgsk Ut^v «
*.: IMrM'' . Steinberg s f5.oo to $i ? .oo Jacket* ...... Steinberg's Jl.oo ta $2.00 Wash SJcts.... Tailcr Dresses, agei 8 and 10 y«rs M^\~Jf\\ $
I m^Jw\-: < $1<0O to $3.75 ..4So' . ... ; L^i^d/lC^A W $
S/p > '~-> - vl\ Sttinbci-g's $ 10.00 to £20.00 Si'k Etm anH Strinherg's $5.00 to $S. 50 C'oth Skirts. . . S:e'nbcrg*s Chilcr:n*s Serge Tail* r^^. l _ l _ yfar^ jc
' ¦¦ ¦'"'¦ 4 J .^\ . Jackets ........:....... ..5 4- 85 ....$2.95 Dr.ss s, ages 10 and 12 year.... $4,95
I SgeciaTSple of Silk Remnants All-Over Vesting, |
I Wash Fabrics. #u«,^ n..^™** ~ r*4* Half Price. \
K Dimities and Foulards— Choice of our entire %0S§G m %f U3HT IGF Wai m ' This interesfng special is for Wediesday only. "?
ft" yards in a!', this day only (Wedn?s- {hg^ assortment oi silk remnants, consisting of plain and fancy colcred s:lks in a 1 marked prices. %
x day,) per yard. ............ ....JrCr weaves, 'black peau de soie, taffeta and satin, wash si'ks, indias and fou'.ards. fi.y amity .88c fa.7? qisa"itr $138=^
Jf :,..-- . \ . -. ¦ J — . ... - m — — • There are a large j number of choice waist lengths in this lot, also lengths $200 qua'ity... $1.00 #3.50 quahy*.!!. 41.75 %
K 12^0 SUkoline 8Cm suitable for undtrskirts, rufflings, lnrngs, trimm'ngs, etc. . On special sale lor i^-^5 quality $1.13 £4.00 quality.. ..$2.00 j»
3 2000 Yards of 36-inch Figured Silkoline- on:, day only (Wednesday, August 7th) at Om-qitarter off $Z 5 ° <|uaiyy « '^' 25 ?475 I 1 " 1^"--* 2 - 38 2
X In 18 different patrcrns and many pretty co'or '-«-«-,&*%«#••••/!#»*»«» ' ' ~ -m. —. - **- \
X effects suitable "tor drapery purposes/worth -' m*l*Ml 01*008. - fQ Q F/ 3 13 H C ! Ctt C S 5 C S
JC regu'ar!y ioc and I2j^c a yard, will Q '_ ' ' #»-^ «-«. -«-^— ." O«.f/ MTU^ ?'***. *¦». A c'ev.ry bought let of x 500 yards of flseced *5
X be offered at special sac to-day only.. Of? %^OmSGmS OmS&Sb mS^SGGm Flannel in small designs 0.1 dark giound, suit- "f
* ~ ¦ 'A' * * 1 ¦ ab!e lor house t'resfci or wrappers, a grade of •'
% Fruit Preserving imHicnsc clean-up pur- jct^& f snne:ette which if bou s^t in the reguar -5
6 Pant lot* 77ts MMrlL chase from a prominent job- i«P®) way w ° uld hav= -°^, bc , rctailfd at IOC =-, >»
«> r'ctWMSS -tVI" MM%m* 'iSb^-' elm « e n i«/v • t j* » Wp*~ P :r yard— on specnl sale to-day only . OC &
Because cf the W^.tW bcr of 14,400 pairs Ladies Ip^f — ¦ •'
*° CM — ~^^"y° t o th wwch • % T Corsets— new, clean goods— 1^/ Tooth Brushes 5c. |
£ r^^'iPtky' wBtcon. -^ V^u. flo on special sale this morn- J Bought a "^J* of .T 00 * Brush « at h »' f •
if \ F=- . • - i^/ c^ n .j „.. k-.,. ... A Hf^F " ¦¦ ¦¦ t ••« it ? vj a r i- /Qf TV and less than halt thnr rial worth. • They
| \^L W ured 'alrge t Vf flfe?E2^M W^ S0W HALF fe^,.^ « good bristle stock, hav, poisbei whjte |
I -K genuinegra'niteiro, m|]ft - REGULAR PRICES. -- / '. - ' = B^SSfS^A fone handle,, and you would colder them a »"
A" washing d. : sbes as w.-ll as for p: eserving fruit. They VL^-^^iI W/ SOn - S> *' & V°; ors bllck ' \%ffjL Fi*Ujt SOVflSm S
JC are made of b«t refined steel and double coated. "j^^/IiVmi/ white, drab and. broche; Straight front, - vj&f\\^^\ O ' f h' -^^^S^^v*^*^ 5
*?. Rfi^^l'I^^^^^^jS S orcd and strip styles. .Come to-day M< V / bcaodfu^frnita'tion ?SSaigii3|»5) 5
fc price tor e ne s ay on y . . %, jl j/; jf you can; if not, come tO-moiTOW. l^. ( cut glass orange or W^^^^^^^^^^ «
| Groceries- Liquors 7 - c j, 5o ; o^K'^t??^!;-..'.......;.... Jo K ISmI^ *
jf HahfS— Best Eastern, to-day, p.-r.lb.. /4O Ji.oo.Cor.ets— Sa'e price, all sizes. .......* .". 5f) C a " CS! the t0 P> 5 In " X
B ice— Best Carolina, to day, 4 lbs ..;.'. 25O $1 . 50 Corsets— Straight front, a'l siz; s . J5 O ch " d "P» a " d can ' e . fc =» .«
* Vu!can Matches— Special to-day, r er package, fa.oo Corsets—Straight front, all sizes. ... :........ :...... $1 .OO UK<1 f °' * - kmon * d « '% * ,
¦J • -4 J5 ¦ J». 5 b Corsets-Straght front, all sizes. ...;... SI ,25 " pU °° h b ° W "7 a , s - >!endld $ lo ° Ta!ue - We %
X Tea-Uncolored, to-day, prr lb., 35c, cr 3 lbs. < 3 . O o Corsets— Gored, sizes ao to 26, sale price $1.50 havc J UIt \ 100 ° f them to jeJ at to- R Q £
K _ ...;.......... .&1O1 ------- - r """^^ day's special price, each .OSfC #
% Corn— Wcste°rn, y W e dne ; daV,"3 '*n*. '.'.'. 20 O jfc B" fflfSl H^fflfm 8^^ i^ 25C H SHI dkerC HlGfS %
K 79o HBbHP^ 1^ AH\N^i BB '^^(pB 100 Dozen cf Lad es' i heer Lawn Handker- "^
If, A. B. C. Beer — Quarts, s;ecial to-dav, prr nffiR BB'*^^ V 3 ** *l T 1^8 "* chicfj — Lace tiimmed and sca'lope 1 em- J5
X doztr. $2 25 W* *^ ©tfBSlfQdRffft 1&Ill<& 8aXa^l*. irjWered, zn unusually good 25c grade, on X
K Liebitfs Malt ExWct— Special tc-da», per ¦ >. y*r**mmimm'mm mm*wmmm*^ m^mmmtmammM m tp -c:al sa!e Wecnc day only, each.. .5
j^ doL .....:.... $1.75 CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE : WC
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
7r»laa !•»*« nml nvn Hum t» nrrlv* i»4 '•'
MAN KKA.N«|Ji« O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Sireat.)
LKJL.VX — FltOH JULT 11. 1301. — AKRIT1
7:00a Benicia, Sulsau, Elmlr* and S»cr»-
mento e:tn r
•JiOOa Vac*niU«, Wlctcs. Bnmsey 1:33?
• :3»a Martinez, Sau Itkniou, V»ll«jo, Nap», . .
Culistec* and .Saiita I*osa 0i33p
8:00a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing.
MarjsTille. OruvlUt) 7:31 P
SsOOa AMantio K x press— OgJen and East ISiSSp
!•:««* Xlles. Lathrop, Stockton Zi**r
Si»OlNil««, Mendotu, HauforO. VUalla.
FortoniUe 4:53p
•:30a Shuu Express— Davis, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Red •
Bluff, Portland. 7;33r
•!*•» Ban Juas, Ll»ermore, .Stockton,
Ioue, Htenmeuto. Plaeerrllle.
HaasTille, C'hlco, Ue<I IIInrT 4i2.1p
8iSO« Oakdale. Chinese (Yosemite), 80-
nor*. Carters 4t23p
VtOOA Hayward. Nilrs and Way Statloos.. 1 Ii.VIa
•iOOa Vallejo lsttSSr
»:O«a Los Angeles Express — Martiiiex.
Traer, Laturop, .Stoaktoa, Mereed
Fresno and Los Anjoles 7:25p
»:3Oa Vallnio. Martinez aud Way Stations ?i33r
lOiOttA Tha Orerland Limited— Ogdeu. Den.
Ter, Uuiaha. Chicago •iUSp
fltttOr SaoTarue»t» UWer »te»iuer» 1 3> **A
8:3»r Ilajward. Nllrs and Way Stations.. 7:5ir
4iO»r ltenieta, Winters, Maormneiito,
Woudland. Kiil.hU Landing.
M»rys»illr. OroTlllo 10.33a
«i«OpMartln«x. Han lUraou. Vallejo,
N ap». « ''aJUtuK*. Han U Itoaa : » < a •"» *
* lOOp N lies, LlTermore. Stockton. Lodi. .. 1 a ¦*.•% r
•liaoi" Hsyward, Mies, Mau .due, Linraonj fJ»:.i3A
«iSUp Port Cos a. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1ui23a
3:OOrT)ie Owl limited— rreano, TuUrs,
Bakerafl«M, Haugns for Sauta Bar-
bara, Los Angeles . 8:33*
5 t»Ot Martin' z, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Frano 13:23p
8i««p Yosemite l*tX3r
&>3Or New Orlsans Ezpre** — Mendota,
Fresco^ Bakenfleid. Los Angeles,
Doming-. £1 faso, Mew Orleans
and East 7i»3*
•tOOp Hayward, Nilei and Han Joss 7»55 4
1«iOOp ValleJ. lltSSA
•sOttr Oriental ¦ Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago lSiSSp
• lOOr Oriental SJail— Ogd«n, Dearer.
St. Louis. Chicago. 4iS3r
7i00r Oregon aud California Ki press, Hao.
ritiiiniitn. MarysTille. Redillug,
fui'tlniul. I-ii^et Huund ami Kaik S:3»A
¦••Sp San Pablo. Furk Costa. Martines
and Way Stations 1 1 :23a
l»»03p Vallrjo l».VVy
COAST LINE (.Narrow (JaMse).
(Foot of Market Strent.)
£7>43a Santa Cruz Kxcuraion 10 danta Cnu ~*
aud Principal Way Sutions t»«O3»
•tl»aNewark.CeiitBrTille.8auJoi«,r«!ton,
Boulder Creek.yautaCrnz and Way
Sutlous 3i3»» •:
t»« »»» Newark, Can ter »llle, Ban. Tcm, Nbw
Almatlau, Felton. Itoulder Vreek,
8anu Crux and Vrinclpal Way
Stations IOi,"»i»a ¦
4>l »p Newark. Man Jo*», Los Gatos. t.H.an a
«<»l3p Glen wood. Boulder Creek. Santa Cm «»»3«a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY./ <
tn» Sil rUSCISCO— Poov of Kaiktt Street (Sill 8>—
17:15 U;00 ' 11:00*. u. 1:03 3:00 6:15p.m.
fnaOHUHJ— T»*l»tltn4wtj.— 1«:00 tS;OO tS4»
10:00 a.m. 13:03 8:00 l:0flr.M.
COAST LINE (Uros.l (,»n S *).
O'blnl and Townseml Sts.) • £ ; . v -' s
OiI«a San Joseand Way HUUona....^.... «i:i»a
17:«*Oa H»ii J«w and Way SUtluua.^. l>»»p
/7h»oa New Aliuadnn / -tilot
|7iSOa Sunday Excursion for Han Jcr*.
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations. tSi30»
••••a Haii Jusa. HoUlater. N»iU Vmx,
r"»ciiic Ur»va.«alln*s. baa LnU
Obispo, Santa Barbark ami Piia*
dpal IntermediAte .sutlous 7iStt
IOiROa Ban Jcse aud Way atatiooa.. CtSVp
1 1:31) a Mail Joso and Way Stall. ..n tkiiinw
tS<4»p Sau Matcn. ICedwoori. K»nlo Park.
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, Man . duo.
Ho'.llater, 8«nU Cnu. Sallnaa.
Monterey and I'acine (irr«Ti |I0i49a
SiSOr San Joie, Tres Pinos. Santa. Craz."
, Taoiflc Groro and Way .St«U..u» «:lny
H:1Rp8anJo»emii.i l>rincipal Way Ntatlnn* V-.t^i.
ISiOOpgan Jose, I^w Gatos and Principal
WajSUtiona 1»sw»»
Si3»p »an.lfiap ami l'Hncip»l Way Stations »:3«A
M«r Kedwo-Hl. San Jot*. Gilrt>y. Salluaa,
Santa Barbara. Lom Angeles IO:O3a '
StSOp ?an Jose and Way atatiuua t M < <IM a
all:43r.San .l.nn.ii.1 Way Sutlmis T;30y
A for Jloruhig P for A f tenioon.
tHuiHtay excepted. I *ni.d»» only. \_ -
a Saturday only. c Mond»y.
< Saturday »B t Sunday. / Taetdoys and Frldajs.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Tla 8»»«»ai» ferry— Fool ar XariM St. %
' ut«i •*•• nw »»««v« uiinta,
8:00a.M.) f 12:15 p. m.
9.00 a. M.I 1:16 P.M.
1130a. u.(~" :-\ BV *Mr.u.
130 p.m. 8:50 p. ic
230 P.M.J 7:10 P.M.
Par*. 8aa Pr»«K wo f» 8- malt and Krtura. tL«t
- Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sanaalito Vtrry.
}HUSEUE! OF fiHATOMY
A 10nHA2ZETK.te:.6i*7a,S.P.W.
V tjr The Jjtrv« Anatomical Musrum in tlic
D aj»«. World. Wealu>ef>e> ut my <in»ill fl
i pCS? &?•" •¦»«••*»•••*• •"•" l r^»rB*»ijr the olde»t
SbJ^ i>f>ccaliM on the Coast EtC. 36 year*.
J U%j&a 0B- JOnOAN-D!SEASES CF MEN
1 luim } Ccnsultatios free and strirS/ private.
B i J&«C 3 Treatment personally or by letter. A
1 S « - II ( «"6«e ftire in CTer)'auanij«ulieii.
6 r // |l'? M 'ritefor Book. rniLOKOMIVar
\ II ! H*«ni»Ci:, MAILED FREE. (A.
A d (J. valuable book 'or turn)
V «>K- J«mi>A2W A CO.. 1051 Afarfcpt St.S. F.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
i I Local I Lim'd I Ovrl'd I Local
' I Dally I • I Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno...'. 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalla... J:40p .:;..... 4:48 a
¦V Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago.. I • 8:15 p 9:00 p
ft for morning-; p ; for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train .is. the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
rarrylnjr Palace Steeping Cars and Dlninic
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runjt
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
flrnt-class pawengers. No eecond-claM
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. • '
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
flaily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m.
flaily. ,
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Office*— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, pai-
CiUFORlii RORTHIESTEBS RT. CO.
»- . LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AMD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburen Perry. Foot of Markets*.
San Fran:Is:o to San Kotos'.
WEEK* DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p.' m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. . '
San Rat'asl to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
! 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
' and 6:35 p.- m.
SUNDAYS. :8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40.- 3:10.
! 6:05, 6:25 p. m. ¦
Leave I In Eftect I Arrive
[ San Francisco. I April 2S. 1901.1 San Francisco.
I Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
j Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
' 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, . 10:40 =m| 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton. ' :
7:30 am Windsor.. > 10:25 am
. I 6:00 pm Healdsburgr, 10:40 am
• - Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hoplnndv 110:40 am[10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am [and Uklah. I 7:35 pmt 6:20 pm
7:30am|. --:- • . ¦ . 110:40 am 1 10:23 am
j 8:00 am GuernevlUe.l 7:35 pml -
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm . . | » | 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma. 9:15 ami 8:40 am
¦ - . - and • j
6:10 pml 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ' 110:40 amllO:25 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7:35 tmj 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyeerville for Skaggs Springs: at CloverdaS
for = the .Geysere: • at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett'
SprlWgs; »t Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga'
Springs. Flue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter -Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. I«*«ney's. BuckneJPs '
Sanhedrin ¦ Heights. Hullville: Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendorino - City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. . Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins
Bell's Springs, , Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.* Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
iocei rates. . ¦ .
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. ChronlcU
Building. .'. -•'-, •'.-.-. • . . .
H. C. WHITING. . R X. RYAN.
• ¦ : Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i^^Jjm 629 EEARSY ST. Kstablished
WsTiS^iSm'" IS3 "* f °rthe treatmt-nt of l-rlv»t«
ffl l 2fh-'iSPi 1) ' Nt '' ls '**- l-"~it Manhood. Debility or
LgfUBwkafllSftilKens'' wenrinsron liody ami miml and
' ijBBHtlSiSkln Discnsos. The Doctor cu res wIipii
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
?*HaalSBBBB8«'"«'«'« Rmnmifod. Cull or write.
Dr. 4% V. QIBBUS. Sftu Frauciaco. Coi.
If you spend your summer at hotels,
call for Malt Breakfast Food: if you go to
a cottage or camp, take a supply with
you. At all grocers. ;'
Managers of summer hotels throughout
the country acknowledge Malt Breakfast
Food to be the most popular cereal on
their breakfast cards. The delicious flavor
end ready assimilation of Malt Breakfast
Food make It the summer cereal p»r
rrcedrnce The large number of hostelries
at all leading summer resorts now using
it attest to its particular adaptation to
this season. •
Malt Breakfast Food
Guests* and the Conditions
of the Season, Serve
Summer Hotels
Catering to the Wishes of Their
THE EMPORIUM.
KHE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPOKIUM.
Hardwood parlor table, very
pretty design, imitation
mahogany finish, $Q "7r
only...... ...... ZilO
Remnants of mattings, fine linen
warp, per yard . . lOc
Bring measurements.
We close at 6 except on Satur-
days and days before holidays.
On those days at 10 o'clock.
J. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET,
# Opposite Union Square.
ft B PP nOlf fl f Corner Fourth and
CAFF HflYft I ¦£•«/; *s!
Ufll L llU I HL- Steam and Lager.
Will 1st ¦1WIIII« 5C . overcoats and
¦ valises checked free.
BAIL WAY TEAVHL^^^
ALWAYS Um
. UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
"THE OVERLAND ROUTE."
LOUISVILLE and RETURN $77 50
Tickets field August 20th and 21st.
CLEVELAND and RETURN $82 '25
Tickets sold September 5th and 6th.
BUFFALO and RETURN $87 OO
. Tickets sold August 22d and 23d
and September 5th and 6th.
THREE THROUGH TRAINS DAILY.
Time of the UNION PACIFIC from
San Francisco to CHICAGO, less than
three days without change.
DAILY TOURIST CAR SERVICE. 1
Personally Conducted .Tourist Ex-
cursions every Wednesday and Friday.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agent,
U. P.'R; R.^Co.
1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
N.ORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Farry.
¦ : Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
/ , AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:20. »9:30. 11:00 a m
12:45. •?1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. •6:t5. 6:45 p. m.
JEXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p.- m.
-SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. ?10:00. 11:00 11-J0
a. . m.. 12:45 ?1:80. l:S0j%*8:41 5:C0. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. ' ''¦'} ¦'¦- "<¦ *
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO RAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-^S:25, 6:27, > 7:47. S:35. 10:15
a. m.. ?12:25. 1:15. 2:20,: ?3:35.'. 4:40.' 6:30 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. . .
. SUNDAYS-6:13. ?8:00. 9:43. ¦.•11:00 a. m.. n2
m.. 1:00, 2:15,- ?S^O, 4:30. ?SMS, 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. - m. ¦¦'-,• ; -- *.•¦••¦-¦¦ ,...¦•.-;-".'.. ¦ . .
11 Trains marked C1 start from San Quentin
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
t /WEEK-DAYS— 5:45. -6:43. 7:55. 8:53. 10:30
a] m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3 :W). 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS nn. Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:23 p. m.- .-.-•-
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:C0 ; 10:0S. 11:10 a. m.. li:U
1:20, 2:30: 3:4s. R:PO. «:1S, 7:1S. 10:30 p. m. > -
,,:-: THROUGH TRAINS.
- 6:55 a. ml week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. -¦-¦¦¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦¦. ¦'- ¦ • '- ' -\ ; ¦¦ ..--- .. . " ¦ . ¦•.;. ¦ ¦ ¦
'3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ¦ ¦ ,' ; .; :-¦ -¦¦] . .-: ¦¦ . ..-=:• . ;;',
* fi:15 p. m. week days iSaturdays excepted)—!
Tomales and way ¦ stations." , >.- ¦ -;v. >,-.¦
6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10 a. ¦ m. . Sundays-7-Polnt Reyes v and way
stations. - ' , 1 , - „ . -CORONADO TENT CITY. Coronado Beach.
Cal.. will be the popular summer resort this
season. It became famous last year for com
fort, entertainment and i health. Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the ashing unexecelled..'
It is announced from Paris that the clever, chemists
ofthe Pasteur Institute-have succeeded in producing
foodstuffs from absolutely inorganic matter, and if the
report be true the. time may come when man can live
ohrocks if the wheat supply fails. t
That the Democratic push should go to the aid of
Boss Kelly in this fighVi^not surprising.. With them
it is anything to beat "the i Republican party, and they
know that in this selection the. "only way. to do that. is
to help Kelly in his efforts to. put. a boss ticket under
the Republican name. A'*i
Everythin* pertaining to ,the. New World
may be easily and . cheaply seen at the Pan.
American Expcsltlon, and tho best way to
set to Buffalo is by the comrortabla trains
of the Nickel Plats Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars.' In -which are served Amer
ican Club meals from 35c to -11 each. Book
free, showing- pictures of exposition building.
Hotel accommodations reserved, JAY W.
ADAMS. P. C. P. A., 17 Crocker buildin;.
Saa ' Francisco. O>-
Are You "Of the Old World"?
In 1S98 66,000 Italian emigrants, half cf
them agricultural laborers, returned • to
the port of Genoa. - 1
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— E. H: Parsons, L. ; T. Heviat
kowski, are registered at' the Astor; Mrs/:
F. M. Dexter, at. the Westminster;^ G.
Fredericks,; Miss E. M. Gregory .".D., Mc-
Clure Jr., at the Holland ;; Mrs. Holley, ; ; at
the Murray Hill; E.McGuir'e, at the Sa
voy ;J.F. Nicholson," at 'the Criterion; J.
M.'-s Kilgarth, at the Herald Square; ; Dr.
A. Niemanhaus. at the Metropolitan; Mrs.
M. . O'Connell, Dr. I. E. O'Connell, - Miss
O'Connell, at the Grand ; - S. . Y. Pierce, I at
the Victoria.' From Los Angeles— -F. M.
Bradshaw, at \ the Herald : Square ; J P.
Hutchinson. at" the Imperial." 1.
Calif ornians in New York.
Special information i supplied daily * to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
"gomery street. Telephone Main 1042 •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lo at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
FIREPROOF FABRICS-^., City. A
solution of three.parts of borax and' two
and one-half parts of sulphate of mag
nesia in twenty parts of water is recom
mended for rendering fabrics fireproof. A
mixture of sulphate of ammonia and sul
phate of lime Is also recommended.. Solu
ble glass is applicable to rendering woo«l
and theatrical decorations less inflam
mable.' , '.:
PRONUNCIATION— Subscriber, Santa
Margerita, ; Cal. According to the Cen
tury Dictionary, ' automobile Is pro
nounced as a-to-mo-bil, with the sound
of a as in fate and the sound of o as In
note. The - French pronunciation , 'of the
word -is as if written o-tbe-mow-beel.
Ptomaine Is pronounced : as tb-ma-in,
with the sound of o as In note
NET TONNAGE— Subscriber, City. The
net tonnage from San Francisco for the
year 1900 was: Foreign, 1,335,586; domestic
1,640,383; totaF, 3,025,969. There Is no record
of the gross tonnage, as none is kept. The
net tonnage from Sydney to San Fran
cisco, for. 1901. was, by sailing vessel,
16,434, and by steamer, 27,107; total; 43,541.
CONGRESSMAN— G. M.. City. A con
gressman is a member of th^ United
States Congress, especially of the House
of Representatives. Strictly the term
includes the members of the Senate as
well as members of the House of Repre
sentatives, but In popular usage it is
limited to the latter. jte'
GROSS TONNAGE— J. V., City. The
reply to the question "What has been the
gross tonnage from San Francisco to New
castle. N. S. W., for two years past?" Is
"none at all."
TENNIS COURT— H. O. C, Petaluma,
Cal. The court of the California Lawn
Tennis Club Is located oh the southeast
corner of Bush and Scott streets, San
Francisco. . >'
IN OLD KENTUCKY- A. S., City. "In
Old Kentucky" was last produced at the
Alhambra during the season commencing
November 19, 1899. .
rUnited States Marshal Shine, accompa
nied by j Major William Fahey, proprietor
of the Cosmopolitan Hotel," left: for-Ju
neau, Alaska, this week. . They will be
gone some weeks. •
Dr. L. . S. Perse, a prominent' physician
of Long Branch, is- among the - recent
arrivals at the Lick. . .
Dr. A. L. Bard,- brother of Senator,
Bard; has come up from Ventura and is
at the Palace. I •
John J. Byrne, of the Santa Fe road,
has come up from Los Angeles and Is at
the Palace.
Homer Laughlln, a Los Angeles million
aire, Is at the Palace, accompanied by his
wife. \ .-.;•;.; -.
H. H. Knapp, the Napa banker, is
registered for a short stay at the Palace.
James H.' Prather, a'rancher of Suisun,
is at the Russ. . *¦ • /
Lieutenant H. H. KIpp, U. S. N., is stay
ing at the Occidental. ; •'
Marion Biggs Jr. is' among the recent
arrivals at the! Grand.
A. E. Livingston, a Wyoming oil mag
nate, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. -McAlpine of Vancouver
are registered at the Russ. ;
R. Luscombe, a capitalist of Los Gatos,
Is registered at the Grand.
t Mr.- and Jtfrs. M. W. Turner of Los
Angeles are at the Occidental.
Judge E. W. Rector has come up from
Bakersfleld and is at the Lick. .
Charles A. Lee, County Clerk of Fresno
County, Is a guest at the Lick.
I. G. Waterman, a Santa Barbara capi
talist, is registered at the Palacei f
P. C. Dyenforth, a prominent Chicago
attorney, is a guest at the Palace.
D. D. . Oliphant, a wealthy mining man
of Portland, Oregon, is at the Grand. .
"Probably he's miffed because he was
invited to the ceremony only and not to
the breakfast following!" exclaimed th«
bride, with a haughty toss of her head.
Detroit Journal.
Still the groom was not come.
In the parlor the brass band was al
ready playing "A Hot Time In the Old
Town To-ni£ht!"
In one of the most aristocratic mansions
of one of Chicago's most aristocratic sub
urbs there was about to be a quiet horns
The euests were assembled.
"How do you put them up there again?"
"People who borrow my books never
bring them back."— Chicago Record-Her
ald.
1 "How do you get your books off that
high shelf over the door?"
"Oh. I fish them down with the hook
handled umbrella." '
Clip— See here, when you sold me that
horse you said he wouldn't harm a flea.
Gip— That's so. Well?
* Clip— Well, just look at me. I've been
kicked and butted and—
Gip— But, my dear sir, you are "not a
flea.— Catholic Standard.
: Miss Gull— Why, he says when he got it
it was only an inch long, but In a week
or so It had grown two feet.— Philadelphia
Press. ..; •
Miss Gull— Mr. Joakley was telling ma
about a remarkable tadpole he has in hl»
aquarium.
Miss Gill— What waa remarkable about
ENGLISH BILLIARDS— B. R., City. In
playing English billiards a player loses if,
in playing, his own ball, goes into a pocket
off the red.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The new tactics may not prove more successful than
the-old, but they certainly cannot be worse or more
ineffective. Kitchener's huge, army has had no more
chance to catch the nimble Boers than, an elephant
would have, to catch a flea. Ifjias entailed a heavy
expense and it has accomplished nothing beyond cap
turing towns and burning farmhouses. A smaller
army, but with greater mobility, will not cosKso much
and may be- more effective. The reopening^of the
mines will unquestionably be an -important feature in
the new situation. Even if the -Boers do "not come
in to share in the work and the wealth that will result
from mining activity, the community" as a whole will
be benefited. Anything that tends to revive the in
dustries of the Transvaal will be better than the policy
of destruction which has prevailed hitherto.
The new tactics are said to have been suggested by
Lord Milner. ' It is the belief of that statesman
that while little has been gained for the British by
burning the Boer homesteads, much might be gained
by reopening the mines and reviving industry/The
argument is that. if work'' be resumed and money be
once more plentiful in and around Johannesburg a
good many Boers who are now on the warpath would
be inclined to settle down and go to raising N supplies
for the miners. In other words, the Boers are to be
coaxed to come in and make money. Those who do
soare to have the security that the British garrison
can give. Those who do not are to be hunted over
the veldt and, the' hills: by the ,'50,000 horsemen
specially detailed for that purpose.
The withdrawal of so large a body of troops still
leaves Kitchener with an army in excess of 200,000
men. He has 50,000 : men organized and drilled as
mounted infantry, and -with these he intends to camp
on the trail of the Boer commandos and follow them
wherever they go 'or until the last one of them sur
renders or is dispersed and broken. With the re
mainder of his force he will guard the railroads lead
ing to Johannesburg,, and establish in that district a
sufficient army to protect the gold mines and those
who operate them. . .
SOMETHING like 70,000 troops who have been
serving with the. British colors in South Africa
are to be sent home. One story says the :,men
have been recalled by the British War Office because
they are needed in India. Another story says they
are to be sent home by Kitchener because they are
not needed in Africa. As to which of the reports is
true no outsider can decide at this moment. The
one undisputed fact js that the troops are to be sent
away from the seat of war and that new tactics on the
part»of the British a,re*to be employed.
The experience of the army posts seems to be the
same everywhere, though the effect upon the men at
posts in the tropics is likely to be more serious, since
the use of whisk}' there has a very bad effect on the
health of the men. 1 . , >
"I am of the opinion that the temperance people,
with the best of intentions in the world, have made
matters worse. It was one fight where the saloons
and those who oppose them were together when Con
gress abolished the canteen. The whisky men wanted
it done away with so that they could have the'soldiers
to trade with, them and' drink their whisky. They
saw the inevitable resu^. The temperance people did
not see it as a choice between two evils, but, jumping
to the conclusion that they could abolish drinking by
doing away with the post canteen, aided the whisky
men right along." '
Captain Slaker, the commander of the post, says:
"Since the . abolition of the canteen, where the men
could have their beer, right at home, there has been
an increase in the number of arrests. The change has
not been effective to prevent the men from having 1
drink at all. If it did it would be all right, but it has
driven them to seek the saloons,»and there they get,
not beer, but whisky. The strong drink is what makes
the trouble.
the men are more likely to get drunk and make
trouble." ;
There is a great increase in drunkenness among the
enlisted men, and the change from the light beer of
the canteen to downtown whisky has had a very de
moralizing effect. The city police are in continual
trouble with the drunken soldiers from payday until
the pay is spent in the deadfalls. The correspondent
says that "the rules are such that after a man has com
pleted his duties, if he is not on guard, he may be
absent until retreat: is sounded, and then until 'lights
out' he is free once more. , This gives the chance
needed to try and drink all the whisky in town, and
the men who carouse will take it. In former times
they had the post canteen, where they would gather
and gossip and drink beer. The beer did not hurt
them much in such surroundings, and the results of
the operation of the system on discipline seemed the
best, when it was considered that the men would
have their liquor. Now when there is no restraint of
the camp around them, when they have whisky in
stead of beer for their beverage, the officers say that
A SPECIAL correspondent of the Oakland En
quirer, writing from Honolulu, says that since
closing the canteen at our army post there the
officers have their hands full.
NEW TACTICS IN TRANSVAAL.
THE CANTEEN IN HAWAII.
years of age are to vote without -challenge, as are
all who have borne arms in the service of the United
States, of the Confederate States or of the State of
Virginia. But no veterans who draw salaries or pen
sions of any sort can claim exemption, thus barring
from the benefits of the waiver all the white or colored
ex-soldiers who have taken or wish to take advantage
of the Federal pension laws. His scheme also pro
vides, like that of Alabama, for the establishment of
election boards having authority to admit to registra
tion as voters all "persons of recognized good moral
character."
The Tennessee movement has not yet advanced far
enough to disclose clearly what restrictions will find
favor among the Democrats of that State. In Tennes
see the negroes were never numerically strong enough
to control the politics of the State, and the effort to
exclude them from the polls can be due to nothing
more than a desire to imitate the action of other
Southern States.
In the meantime a number of negroes, of means in
Louisiana have organized. to raise an issue before the
courts which will test the constitutionality of the suf
frage law in that State. From that organization much
good may come. It is quite possible,' that all these
ingenious suffrage schemes which the Southern
leaders have so cunningly thought out and so boldly
pat into effect may burst like a -bubble at the first
?¦ouch of the constitution of the United States.
or understand it when read." All persons over 60
The plan proposed in the Alabama convention pro
vides that all men, white or black, must qualify them
selves for the elective franchise by paying their poll
taxes, proving their ability to read and write and
showing that they have been engaged in lawful occu
pations for twelve months. For the purpose of en
abling illiterate and thriftless whites to escape the re
strictions it is provided further that all old soldiers
or their descendants shall have the right to vote, pro
vided they pay their poll taxes. Boards of registra
tion are tc be appointed in each county to determine
the qualifications of voters and to register them. It
is expected, of course, that the boards will let the
whites in and shut the blacks out, but it is said the
requirement of a lawful occupation is aimed not at
the blacks but at gamblers whom the convention de
sires to deprive of the franchise.
In the Virginia convention Senator Daniel is said
to have devised a plan which differs slightly from that
of any other State. He proposes that a voter must
hereafter possess property valued at $300 at least,
must pay a poll tax of $2 at least six months before
election day and must be able to read the constitution
OF old it was known and said, "Evil communi
cations corrupt good manners," and the
rapidity with which the Mississippi plan of
suppressing negro suffrage is spreading over the
South affords a new proof on a large scale of the truth
of the proverb. Perhaps the Southern manners in
that respect were not very good to begin with, so
that process of corruption has been easy; but under
any circumstances the promptness with which State
after State is following a plan which when first pro
posed was considered unconstitutional and revolu
tionary, is something remarkable. Louisiana, South
Carolina and North Carolina have already suppressed
negro suffrage by law; Alabama and Virginia are at
present working to the same end through constitu
tional conventions, and it is now reported that a
movement has been started in Tennessee to suppress
the colored vote there.
It is to be noted that no two Southern*States have
adopted exactly the same plan in dealing with the
issue. That in itself is not surprising since no one of
them is good enough to incite imitation, but the vari
ation ma}' be due to an intent on the part of the
Southern leaders to try as many plans as possible so
that in case some of them are declared by the Su
preme Court to be unconstitutional, one or more of
them ma}' stand the test and serve as a guide for the
The witness gave only the items of In
terest amounting to 47& cents and' fuel
amounting to 32 cents, and stated that
there were 170 other items. Mr. Short
asked for them and the witness repeat
edly evaded the question. Mr. Krutt
schnltt gaye long answers, stating his
theories of general principles of operating
roads and expenses. At the conclusion of
the dissertation Attorney Short, apparent
ly to end the matter, asked Mr. Krutt-
General Manager Julius Krutfschnltt
was recalled and asked to give the num
ber of items making up the cost of $2 31
per mile for the moving of freight trains.
A. Shepperd of the Southern Pacific
Company was the first witness examined.
He was asked a number of questions, all
of which he said he was unable to an
swer. When Interrogated by Mr. Herrin
he testified that tlfe railroad company only
expected to transport crushed rock for
road purposes for but a short distance
and therefore would have .to charge a
higher rate than for long hauls. In re
sponse to question by Mr. Short he admit
ted that it would not be a fair illustra
tion of what would be a proper charge for
hauling oil from Bakersfield to San Fran
cisco. ,
Kmttschnitt "Wili Look Tip Items.
exception of the Point Richmond improve
ments. One hundred and fifty miles of our
road have been ballasted and we Intend
ballasting the rest. A great deal of money
will be expended In improving the road
bed. .Our bridges are all wooden below^
Stockton, but on this side of Stockton
they are steel. Eventually the wooden
bridge's are to be displaced by steel. The
Valley Road from this year's statement
has a deficit of $45,000— that is for the fiscal
year. The ferry system we have cost
$400,000 and it is to be enlarged. Arrange
ments are being made to' secure two
barges that will cost $50,000."
The most important witness Interrogated
yesterday was Captain Albert H. Payson,
second vice president of the San Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley Railway Com
pany, which is now a part of the Santa
Fe system. Attorney Short interrogated
him on the cost of the road to Bakers
field. * He said it cost 521,000 a mile. He
stated that $8,500,000 had been expended in
building the road and that there had been
a deficit in interest so far as the road is
concerned. He said he could not give the
amount of the deficit. The witness stated
that the company had not completed its
improvements and that thousands of dol
lars more would be expended. He 3aid
the road is still in process of construction.
"My estimate of the cost of the road," he
said, "does not Include the ferry system.
We have expended at Point Richmond In
a general way $300,000 -for the yard and
wharf. We are .contemplating improve
ments, but I could not say how much we
intend spending. . We are engaged in the
acquisition of terminal facilities in San
Francisco. We expect to expend $1,000,000
for real estate and the same amount for
the improvement of China Basin. The
$8,500,000 spent includes rolling stock. We
were obliged to improve our facilities
when we took possession of the line. The
equipment has been since increased. This
also includes station buildings. We. have
completed practically' everything with the
PERSONAL MENTION.'
THE investigation into oil rates now
on before the Board of Railroad
Commissioners was resumed yes
terday. The session was fairly In
teresting and an adjournment was taken
until 10 o'clock this morning.
Ex-Judge Sterrett of Los Angeles- has
been 111 for the last two days and there
fore has not taken part In the case. His
assistant. Attorney Norton of Los An
geles, is looking after the interests of the
Santa Fe. Railroad in the absence^ of the,
chief counsel. ". . ". ' . '-,¦'
SOUTHERN SUFFRAGE SCHEMES
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Attorney Short In an interview after
adjournment stated that the case for the
oil men was practically in; that from the
testimony of the witnesses for the railroad
he felt that even a stronger cas* than
expected had been made out; that the
evidence had dicclosed the fact that tho
railroad company was earning on a basis
of J1.000.0CO a year from Kern County
alone, which would probably be doubled
within a year from this time: that their
earnings on the Kern River spur
amounted annually to the original cost
of construction. It. would be -made
perfectly apparent, he said, that the rail
road company was making 'a profit far
out of proportion to reasonable compensa
tion for services rendered, circumstances
considered.
Attorney Short attempted to Introduce
a pamphlet on oil, which contained clip
pings from newspaper articles on the
production along the Southern Pacific
road.- Mr. Hcrrin said he had no objec
tion to its introduction if Mr. Short
would not object to him Introducing cir
culars issued by oil promoters.
W. A. Bissell, assistant traffic manager
of the Santa Fe, was the next witness. He
denied that his line hauled oil from Coal
inga. He said the. Santa. Fe hauled oil
only from Bakersfield; that they com
menced to ship from that point as soon
as the oil fields "were opened; that at the
present time the line was shipping from
fifty to 150 cars a week from the oil fields,
and that the ousiness was constantly on
the increase/
Attorney Short asked Mr. Sproule, who
was recalled, about the McKlttrick line.
He desired to know whether the railroad
company had not received more revenue
from that line than from any similar line
In the oil fields. Mr. Sproule said the Mc-
Kittrick line was in operation long before
the oil developments were thought of. He
added that the Kern River business was
something new and he had doubts as to
Its permanancy. ,
Short Confident of Winning.
William H. Allen Jr., who said he was
connected with a title insurance com
pany in Los Angeles, was the next wit
ness examined. Mr. Allen was a willing
witness and his testimony was Interesting
to both sides. He said he was a member
of an oil association in Los Angeles
which waa organized to better the condi
tions of the oil market in that section.
He said it was because the oil business
was in a demoralized state that he ap
peared before the Commissioners in the
interests of the Los Angeles oil producers.
He 'said they were selling oil in Los An
geles at 74 cents, although some wells had
been selling for less; that they could not
produce* oil for less than 60 cents; that
the Bakersfield oil r could be produced at
20 cents per barrel, and that the price was
regulated in Los Angeles by the price of
Bakersfleld oil, with the freight, 51 cents
per barrel, added. Mr. Allen thought the
reduction would not do oil producers any
good.
schnltt whether he could furnish the en
tire list of 170 Items, and when the rail
road man replied that he could Mr. Short
allowed him to depart with the admoni
tion that he return this morning with the
list.
MEN "WHO FIGURED IX THE Oil*
TRANSPORTATION RATE INVES
TIGATION YESTERDAY.
WEDNESDAY; ...... .*.**.*.»» :. AUGUST 7; ipoi
JOHN D- SPRECKELSi Proprietor:
Address AH Commiuiif*ti«i to W. B. LEAKE, Hwagtr.
UAXAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press feO4
itULlCATION OFFICE. -.Market and Third, S. F»
Telephone Prcm 291.
UDITOMAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTenaoa St*
Telephone Press 202. \
Delivered t»ir Carrlerm X5 Cent* , Fm "OTeelB,
Single Copies. S Cents. >~"
Terms by Mall, Including Pestaflre*
DArLT CALJC flncredlne Sunday)* one ye«r-.w..v»viuv.»k»»-.$*-W
r>AILT CALL «nc!ndlnr 6unday>. • mont!u-.i.i»...n«>..i *¦-«•
DATLT CALL (Including 6unday>, 1 months. k..v»*vv»*vww* ; i»W
CALL— By Single Month ».....»*»>»*»" *&*
CtJNDAT CALU One Tear ».«.„.»»»»»»« *'M
WEEKLT CALL, On« "Tear ...»»»»» 1.0*.
All postmaster* are authorised to receive j
subscriptions.
Sax&stft copies trill be forwarded when requested.
Kail eubsertfeer* tn ©rflertn* chansw of a«Sr*tm enouM fc«
rertleolar to rtre both NB"W AND OLD ADDRESS 1» order
to insure a prompt asl wired compliance with tbefcr request*
O4KLAXD OFFICE- . .1118 BkmHw«»
C (GEORCS KROGTESS.
Eactger rwtign A*Terttong, Mai^mti« BsiHiag* CUe»g».
iticne DIrtance Telephone "Central 2611.")
JTEW TOBK COBKESPONUKN T:
C C CARLTOS. - • .Herald Sqnsrt
JCBW YORK REPRESENTATIVlEt
CTEPHEV B. SMITH 3O Trlbue Balldlns:
NEW TORE NEWS STAJCDSJ
WalAorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brcntaao* sx tJnloa Sqo^it;
Vnrray Hin Hotel.
We have only sought to open the way to the people to repudiate him and all his
works. That way is open now, its traverse is safe for every man. Will the party walk
therein next Tuesday?
Heretofore men have justified snubbing the primary by pleading that when they
appeared they were either not allowed to vote, or their votes were miscounted and tal
lied against the purpose they intended to express. All this was true, and it was a meas
ure of justification for the indifference which threw the city into the hands of bosses, to
be stripped like a sandbagged victim of highwaymen. ' But this is true no longer. The
primary law throws legal sanction around the fountain that is potential with government.
Every citizen is amply protected in the casting of his vote and in having it counted as
truly expressive of his purpose. The people now have it in tfieir power to forever break
up and end bossism and boss rule in San Francisco. If they are indifferent and permit it'
to win at the primaries, they will have no right to complain. If Republicans desire to
canonize Martin Kelly let them accept him as an expression of the best the party can do,
as an incarnation of its spirit, and its ideal leader, and not be ashamed to proclaim him
to the world as the excellent and full flower of San Francisco Republicanism.
We hear and attend the cry that there is no party politics in a city election. Grant
ing tfrat to be true, the city officers are elected by one party or the other. They issue
from ranks trained in one of the great schools of politics. Do Republicans intend to
admit that their politicalschool fails to train men for upright, clean, decent and honest
administration of a city? Do they intend to admit that such training and such men may
be found only in the ranks of the opposition? If they so intend how will they answer a
questioner who asks at what stage of public responsibility Republicans become qualified
for administration?
We think not, and so thinking have been willing to make a fight against a pros
pective rule that will gall the withers of the party if it come to pass. This is a Republi
can city. Every interest of its people combines to make it so.^ Its commerce, prosperity
and progress depend upon the public policies of the Republican party. In its govern
ment it should show the world the best that Republicanism can do in municipal govern
ment. It should, inspire the State with that spirit which must be depended upon in the
important elections next year. Can it do any of these, things by installing Martin 'Kelly
in power?
The Mayor now has the one-man power to remove and appoint If Martin Kelly's
ticket win at the primary and the polls, does any one doubt the realization * of this
plan of the former boss? Does any one doubt that the fire, police, schools and public
works •will be given Qver to Martin Kelly, farmed out by him to use as he pleases? Un
fortunately, he is at present figuring as a Republican boss. 'He desires to usurp the or
ganized power of the part]/, which is composed largely of the- intelligent, upright and public
spirited men of the city. Do they accept him as an outward- and visible sign and moral
embodiment of the virtue and genius of the Republican party? Do they expect to point
to him with pride as their party leader? ' ( .
Whenever this has been the case the business men, the citizens who /furnish the
capital* and enterprise that make the city, have gone about: the, streets Meploring condi
tions that exist solely by their permission. The municipal government originates in 'the
primary* That is the fountain head, and the stream that flows irom it will rise no higher
than its source. If the primaries are given over to Martin Kelly, and result in the elec
tion of a ticket, we will have a Martin Kelly government, and those who liave '..by- indif
ference permitted it will have no right to complain of the result. The ' outside world
will have a perfect right to say that San Francisco wants that kind of a. government,
and the finger of scorn will be pointed not at the government, but at the people of the
city. Let us be under no illusions in the matter. The charter concentrates great power
in the Mayor. That office is the prize sought by the political looters. It is the key that
unlocks the municipal treasure house to the spoilsman. The most skillful and astute boss
that ever ruled this city earnestly desired the affirmance of the right of Judge Wallace
to remove the old Board- of Supervisors. He said: "I wish that power to remove put
in. the hands of one man, one officer. Then. I will elect that officer/and if a Board of
Supervisors get stiff-necked I will oust them and appoint their successors, who will not
be so stiff." ' .
San Francisco has been boss ridden, and swarms of parasites have stung and bled
hefi She has suffered, morally and materially, from the control of men whose only in
terest in her was what profit they could get through a political control that' was sought
for personal and not public ends. - ~
¦ - . ¦ ..-'¦—. '.¦¦'¦¦¦ ...¦¦¦¦- ¦»» ... -., ¦ ¦ ¦ . - . ¦ ... ;..
THE contest at the primaries next Tuesday is for the uplifting of 'the politics of
this cltyy and putting- its public affairs in clean hands. The present administra
tion of the city 'has been repudiated by its own party and the party organ. .While
that may. not be significant, it is true that the administration has proved far from
satisfactory to the people, and those who have the most at stake in the good name and
prosperity of the city hope to see its affairs committed to more skillful and unselfish men.
OIL TRANSPORTATION HEARING
RESUMED BY THE COMMISSION
PURIFY CITY POLITICS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; ADGUST 7; 1901;
6
Call ttubiicrrbers contemplatlnsr a chance of
rentdessee dmrinsr the nummer month* e»n a»T«
their paper fonrarded by mail to thei* ¦•*
addresses for notifs-inff The Call Bo»liie«» Office.
Thl« ps/.cr will also be on «ale at all summer
reiiorts and la represented by* a local aftemt t-i
¦\lt tewBs on the co»«t.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
AMUSEMENTS.
rpntral— "Mor.te Crfsto."
THvoll— "H Trtrratore.** .
OaifomJ*— "The Amazons."
Orpheo-m— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Mr*. Dane's Defence."
Alcazar^-"CamIlle."
Oratrf Opera-house — "Ton Gate Inn."
OlyicpJa. <»rncr Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater- Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenine. ?
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Sutra Baths — STrtmmlnB.
State Fair and Exposition. Sacramento— September 2 to 14.
AUCTION SALES.
•
Br G. H. Cmbstn & Co.— Monday, AngnEt 32, at 32 o'clock.
Real Ertate. at 14 Montgomery street.TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and *Tide.
• -
United. States Coast and Geodetic* Survey—
\ ¦
Lieutenant Commander, U.'S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrographic office, U. & N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
August 6. 1901.
The time ba.Il was not dropped to-day, on ac
count of failure to receive the usual signals
from Mare Island. C. G. CALKINS,
Time Ball.
'Shipping Merchants.
The A. M. Baxter will load railroad ties at
this port for Honolulu: 'the A. M. Campbell,
lumber at Gamble for Salaverry, 55s.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Australia will get away for Tahiti this
morning. Her cargo is all aboard and
steam Is up, so there will be no delay
when the time comes.
The Pacific Coast Company s Umatllla
was to have sailed to-day, but she will
not be ready until to-morrow morning.
The Eureka lor Eureka and the Point
Arena for Point Arena will both probably
sail to-day.
Charles Cattermole is now running his
own gasoline launch to incoming ships.
¦When any of the German fleet made port
he had to hire a boat to reach them, but
now he will sail in his own boat. She is
fitted with an eight-horse power Union
gas engine and on her trial trip beat Joe
Kane's new boat and Clark's flier. Catter
mole says he is now open to race any
thirty-two-foot launch in the bay. ¦
Water Front Notes.
Sailed Auk 6 — Jan etmr Rio Jun Mara," for
Hongkong; stmr Asuncion,- for San Francisco;
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, August 6.
Stair South Portland, Hall, 5 days from Se
attle.
Stmr Rainier, Hanson, 75 hours from What
com.
Stmr Argyll, Gllboy, 13 days 13 hours from
Panama.
Stmr Aloha, Wehman, 18 hours from Usal^
Ger stmr Neko, Klause, 90 days from Ham
burg, etc.
Br bark MelanoDe, Robinson, 66 days from
Sydney.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, 6 days from
Grays Harbor. .' . ¦
Schr John G North, SJastrom, S days from
Port Gamble.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, August 6.
Ger «tmr Neko. Kraiise, Nahalmo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, August 6.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
• Stmr Gco Loomis, Bridgett, .
¦ Ger stmr Neko, Krause, Nanalmo.
' Schr Occidental, Lubere. Eureka.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MONTEVIDEO. July 20—75 cases Iodine, 8
cases sulphite of silver and about 300 tons of
general cargo was from the Ger stmr
Tanls, previously reported wrecked near River
Platte. ¦ . . ¦
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug • 6, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 10 miles per hour. I
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA— Arrived Aug 2— Schr Louise, from
San Pedro.
EUREKA — Arrvled Aue ft— Stmr Santa Bar
bara; from San Pedro; stmr Pomona,' hence
Ave 5.. ' . * ¦ . ,
Arrived Aug" &-Stmr Pasadena, from San
Pedro;
ASTORIA — Sailed Auk 6 — Br. ship Argus, for
Oueenstown.
¦ Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Fulton, hence July 31.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Aug 6— Br stmr Belgian
King; for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug' 6— Stmr City of Se
attle. ; from Skae^iay. .- ... j • .
Shipping Intelligence.
• A cable from South America to the
Merchants Exchange states that a con
siderable portion of the Kosmos liner
Tanls' cargo will be saved. She was on
her way from San Francisco for Ham
burg when she went ashore near the
mouth of the River Platte and it was
then reported that vessel and cargo would
be a total loss. Yesterday's information
states that more than 300 tons of the
cargo has been salved.
Salvage From the Tanis.
Captain Henry Bingham, the well
known stevedore, is lying seriously
Injured at the .Waldeck Sanitarium. Mon
day last he started to catch the traln v at
Mill Valley and, stumbling over a rail
road tie, fell and broke his leg. More
than a year ago he was playing with
some children at Mill Valley and fell over
a tent rope and broke his leg. It was this
same limb he broke Monday, and this
time it is so aerious that it is feared the
leg may have to be amputated to save his
life. Captain Bingham lives at Mill
Valley.
Captain Henry Bingham Injured.
A new four-masted barkentine, now
building on Puget Sound for the Charles
Nelson Company, will be ready to go into
commission next October. She will be 200
feet long, 42 feet beam. 16 feet 6 inches
deep and will carry 1,300,000 feet of lum
ber She will be christened Thomas P.
Emigh and will probably make her first
vovage to Australia with a load of lum
ber The new barkentine will be a very
handsome vessel and will prove a valu
able addition to the Nelson fleet.
New Vessel for Australian Trade.
The British bark Melanope arrived from
Newcastle, Australia, yesterday after a
good run of 66 days. On the 1st inst. she
was caught in a heavy gale, during which
the wind blew from all points of the com
pass. Then the vessel ran Into a dead calm
and a dense fog. Early on the morning
of Monday last the North Farallon
loomed up less than 200 yards away.
Luckily there was but little way on the
vessel and the crew, by bracing the yards
up sharp, managed to get her away from
the danger point. •
The Melanope has completed her first
round trip for her new owners, J. J. Moore
& Co. When she last came here the cap
tain had died at Panama. The woman
who passed as his wife had died soon aft
er a start was made for San Francisco
and the bark arrived here in charge of
the mate. There was a lot of litigation
over both vessel and cargo and finally
both were sold at public auction, J. J.
Moore being the purchaser.
on North Farallon.
British Bark Melanope Nearly Go3S
The Albatross left Seattle the latter part
of May and since that time has been
cruising around the spawning grounds and
Behm Canal, Tongas Narrows. Cross
Sound, Icy Straits. Yakutat, Dry Bay and
Prince Williams Sound have been inves
tigated thoroughly.
SEATTLE, Aug. 6.— The Fish Commis
sion ship Albatross arrived at Sitka List
Tuesday flying a yellow flag. She had a.
mild case of smallpox in her crew. Short
ly after coming to anchor she was board
ed by Dr. J. C. Koosher, who has been re
cently ar pointed health inspector, and was
quarantined. The ship was sent to Naka
wasina.=ky Bay for isolation, where she
will stay for twenty-one days.
Fish Commission Vessel Quarantined
in Alaska Because of a Small
pox Case.
YELLOW FLAG A-FLTJTTEB,
ON MAST OFALBATKOSS
HAS A NAEEOW ESCAPE. ',
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day; except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises '. 5:18
Sun sets T:li
Moon rlnes :.. 11:38 p. m.
1 frwy^a HE Kosmos liner Iseko and the
] II Panama Railroad Company's Ar
1 gyll arrived from South and Cen-
H tral American ports yesterday.
The^Neko comes from Hamburg
and touched at all ports on the Pacific,
while the Argyll comes from Panama di
rect. The former brings but a small gen
eral cargo, while the Argyll is loaded
down with merchandise from New York.
Both vessels docked soon after arriving
! and began discharging, the Neko at the
; seawall and the Argyll at Fremont-street
wharf.
The Neko was nine weeks coming from
Hamburg and brought the following
named cabin passengers from South
America:
P T Estrado, S. Bellows, E. Tobler, Dr.
1 Broduax, Dr. Bowles, A. Canessa, E. Van der
I Xaillen and wife. ,
! The Argyll has aboard 2772 tons of gen
eral merchandise from New York and
brought from Panama the following
named passengers:
Mrs H. C. Lyon. E./W. Rose, John W.
Bowden, wife and family: A. Praetzold. R. S.
Anderson, J. Villette. William Brawn, Charles
Miller, Jules Sonntag. Miss Kate Brawn and
Duncan McKenzle.
Chairman McMillan of the steering
committee said to-night that he still felt
confident of the outcome. He claimed that
the tactics pursued by the Cummins fac
tion in forcing the break from Herriott
¦would prove a boomerang and would cost
Cummins more than he had gained.
"We shall certainly control the organ
ization of the convention," he said.
"There is no longer any doubt of that,
and the report of the committee on cre
dentials will be sustained by the conven
tion. After we have shown that we are
in control of the convention we can agree
upon whom shall be nominated."
The defection of Herrlott's men is con
sidered to practically settle the nomina
tion in favor of Cummins. His opponents
conceded to him early in the evening T5C
votes on the first ballot, while he claimed
791. The break to-night, even by the ad
mission of his opponents, gives him 828
on the second ballot, while according to
his own estimate he will have at least S47
on the first ballot and a total of 869 on the
second, while but 821 votes are necessary
to a choice.
CEDAR RAPIDS. Iowa, Aug. 6.— The
combination against Cummins was
broken to-night by a large number of the
Herriott delegates, who abandoned their
man and went over to the Des Moines
candidate. They will bring to Cummins
an Increase of fifty-six votes on the
first ballot and seventy-eight on the
second.
Control the Iowa Convention.
Cummins Claims Enough Votes to
DELEGATES DESEB.T HEBBIOTT.
"To the cry that this is a white man's
State," said ho, "we answer that the
negro bogey will scare no man. It is dis
pusting but humorous: it is a sham and
fraud: it is without force. The sugges
tion that more than SO per cent of the
white population of the State is in jeop
ardy from any standpoint from the less
than 20 per cent of negro population is an
insult to a brave and intelligent people,
who are Justly proud of the glory of their
State. There has never been a time when
there has not been a white man's govern
ment in Maryland, and as the percentage
-of colored people has steadily decreased
in the State each decade since 1810, when
it was 3S.22, to the present time, when it
is but 17.18 per cent, the puerility and
absurdity of crying aloud a white man's
government Is apparent."
Both nominations were made by accla
mation, no other names coming before the
convention. Interest, therefore, centered
mainly in the platform and the speeches,
all of which teemed with denunciation of
Democracy in general and former Senator
Gorman in particular. The "whites
supremacy" Issue raised . bv the Demo
crats in the platform adopted by them at
last week's convention was ignored in the
declaration upon which the Republican
candidates will stand, but it came in for
unfavorable mention in the speeches.
Phillips Lee Goldsborough, chairman of
the Republican State Central Committee,
Indicated clearly- the course to be pursued
by his party <n the coming fight with
regard to this issue in his opening address
to the convention.
BALTIMORE. Aug. 6. — The Republican
State Convention held to-day In this city
placed in nomination the following State
ticket: '
For State Controller, Hermann S.
Platt of Baltimore. ¦ « - . »
Clerk of the Court of Appeals, Thomas
Parran of Calvert County.
Negro Bogey Scare Charac-
terized as a Disgust
ing Fraud.
Republicans of Maryland
Roundly Denounce
His Methods. > r;
SCORE GORMAN
FOR TRICKERY
NEW.YORK, Aug. 6.— In addition to the
largo payment made by the Sub-Treasury
for gold deposited at Pacific Coast points,
that institution paid -out this ¦ morning
$900,000 ton account of Seattle and': San
Francisco. : <",';
:¦*/-•«¦•.•;.¦ -.*'¦¦
Sub-Treasury Makes Large Payment.
Danfel Cox,' a' gripman on the Haight
street line, who lives '¦ at 700 Stanyan
street, swore ,to a, complaint in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday, charging r W
H. Busch, an oil stock promoter and vice
president of the Pacific States Savings
and Loan Company, with, misdemeanor
embezzlement. Co* alleges that Busch
got him to purchase $100 worth of oil
stock." He found, he avers, on applying
for the certificates that Busch.. had only
credited him with one- payment k of $10
instead cf ten payments of $10 each.
Claims Busch Swindled Him.
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. 6.— To-day's la
bors of the Women's Christian Temper
ance Union conference of reforms opened
at noon with; meetings ; of district de
partment superintendents. Questions of
Sabbath observance, the '. social side of
temperance work, the | floral - mission and
the work of the LoyaK Temperance Le
gion, the younger branch of the W. C. T.
U., were discussed.'.
Discussion p.t Temperance Union:
SAN JOSE.~Aug. 6.— The" gas war which
has been on in San Jose for the past year
between the Electric Improvement Com
pany and the San Jose Light and Power
Company has been joined by-a third cor
poration—the San Jose Lighting Com
pany, a" branch of the Light; and
Power Company. The first known of this
new' concern was when the bids for iight
ing:the Courthouse, Hall. of Records and
jail were opened by the -Supervisors to
day. Thifee bids were presented. The San
Jose Light and Power Company's bid was
$1 75 per 1000 feet; Electric Improvement
Company, 88 cents per 1000; San Joso
Lighting Company, C. W. Quilty, presi
dent. 8a cents per 1000 feet. Quilty is also
president of the Light . and Power Com
pany. The contract was: awarded to the
San Jose Lighting Company.
Contract for a New Corporation.
A suit involving the sale of the Clare
mont, University and Ferries Railroad
Company of Berkeley to the Transit Com
pany of Oakland was , filed yesterday by
C. J. Bruschke against Alvinza Hayward.
Bruschke demands $100,000 damages for al
leged breach of contract.
Bruschke alleges "that on May .8 last
Hayward contracted to sell him 401 shared
of the capital stock of the railroad com
pany. A payment of $500 was made on the
contract, Bruschke avers, the further con
sideration of $3000 being . due on July 8.
On that date Bruschke alleges he was
ready anfl willing to pay the sum named
for the stock, which would give him con
trol of the road, but Hayward refused to
deliver the same.
Attorney Bert Schlesinger, who with
Judge Denson and:.William T. Hubbard
represents the plaintiff, stated last even-
Ing that the road was worth $100,000 . to
Bruschke, who is establishing a furniture
factory in Berkeley. After the first $500
was paid on the agreed price of $3500 Mr
Schlesinger says the Transit Company of
fered Hayward as high as $50,000 for the
road,- being anxious to use it as a link in
the belt line, and Hayward accepted the
company's offer. v . •
Bruschke now sues to recover what he
considers his actual loss.
G. J. Bruschke Institutes Action In
volving Sale of Berkeley Road
to Oakland Company.
SUES HAYWAKD FOR
FORTUNE IN DAMAGES
SALT LAKE, Aug. 6.— All trains on the
Southern Pacific Railroad are reported
tied up by a bad landslide at Avenela,
Nev.. twenty-flve miles west of Ogden,
¦whero it is said the, tracks are covered
with hundreds of tons of earth and rock
for a distance of fully 500 feet.
A large force of men is at work clearing
away the slide, but it will, probably be
twenty hours before the damage is ,re
paired sufficiently to .allow trains to move.
Ogden Are Covered With
Tons of Earth.
Tracks Twenty-Five Miles West of
BAD LANDSLIDE TIES UP
SOUTHERN PACTFIC TRAINS
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Mary Frances Minaker against William
F. Minaker for cruelty. Charles M. Leo
pold against Margaret Leopold for deser
tion, Margaret E. Hartnup against Wil
liam A. Hartnup for cruelty. Abraham M.
Heineman against Mae B. Heineman for
desertion, Daniel Desmond against Cath
erine Desmond for intemperance and
Ruby E. R. Greathead against Thorman
J. Greathead for cruelty.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
to Leonard H. Heynemann from J«nny
Heynemann for desertion, Mary F. Tighe
from Patrick F. Tighe for cruelty, Charles
F. Smith from Elizabeth Smith for deser
tion and Paul Cullen from Catherine Cul
len for desertion.
Contrary to the wishes of the attorneys,
the divorce suit instituted by Abraham
Tuchler against Mary L. Tuchler was
tried with "open doors" yesterday. The
attorneys stated that the evidence in the
case was of a nature which should be
kept from the public. Judge Dunne stat
ed, however, that he wished the bar to
understand that in no case hereafter
would he order the papers in any case
over which he had jurisdiction sealed, no'
would he hear any oases behind closed
doors. If people go into court, he said,
the public is entitled to know. the cause
of and the facts surrounding their diB
pute. The attorneys forthwith proceeded,
and Tuchler was granted a divorce from
his wife on statutory gTounds.
sel to Secretly Try Tuchler
Divorce Case. -
Judge Dunne Denies Motion of Coun-
REFUSES TO HEAR CASES
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS
Washington— Original— Thomas R. Grif
fith, Soldiers' Home, Orting, $6; Alexander
M. Holman, Oysterville, $8; Phineaa Fos
ter. Tacoma, $6. Increase^— Joseph I A.
Bailey, Spokane, $S. Widow— Elizabeth
Wright, Seattle, $12.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— The following
patents were issued to-day: California-
Peter Abrahamson, San, Francisco, venti
lator; . Adam Bergman, Sacramento,
mouthpiece; Frank A. Brewer Jr., "Wat
sonville, dental forceps; Frank Burcher,
Healdsburg, means for preserving fruits
and their juices; Admiram J. Collar,
Yreka, extensible fly escape; Charles A.
Conger, Oakland, reinholder; Charles I.
Dorn, Bardsdale, sand line and pump or
boiler connection; Jerry E. Dubray, Ma
dera, lumber couplings; Wiyiam F. (Jib
bard and H. Anderson, Eureka, drying
shingles; Kossuth Gore, Berkeley, motor;
same, windmill; John Handschuler, San
Francisco, sliding door; Jacob •Hommel,
assignor, one-half to F. T. Griffith, Los
Angeles, refrigerator car; William M.
Jones, San Francisco, lubricant for com
mutators; John R. Simms, Linden, refrig
erator; Charles E. Warren, Los Angeles,
tea kettle attachment; George H. Wyman,
Los Angeles, assignor to W. S. Rutledge,
J. R. Feustermaker and C. A. McFarland,
Dayton, Ohio, leaf support for desks.
Oregon— Elizabeth M. Adams, Portland,
waist and skirt supporter; Eugene Burke,
Lake View, pencil sharpener; Max Rein
hart, Portland, assignor one-half to J. D.
Meinhardt, San Francisco, game; Preston
B. Southworth, Mayville, hook.
Washington— George W. Cantrell and W.
J. Empey. Spokane, railway switch; John
Hammer, Tacoma, compound for renovat
ing fabrics; John J. Madigan and R. "W.
Crocker, assignors to Yakima Valley Fruit
Company, Seattle, jar or bottle closure.
G. W. Riddle has been appointed post
master at Azalea, Douglass County, Ore
gon, vice J. M. Wharton, resigned.
Bids were opened at the Treasury De
partment to-day for the construction of
an addition to the po3tofflce building at
Los Ai.^eles. The lowest bidder was the
Congress Construction Company of Chi
cago, $159,817. - - \
Pensions were granted as follows: Cali
fornia — Increase^ — C. G. Judson Gill. River
side, $8; Joseph Duffey, Reedley, $10; Wil
liam G. Rowland, • San j Bernardino, $8;
John F. C. Wilson. Hooper, $12; John Mil
ler, Los Angeles, $12; Joseph Tyrrell, San
Francisco, $10; Henry U. Dean, San Fran
cisco, $6.
Oregon— Original— Abel B. Leonard, .Sil
verton. $6; Bentley T. George, Niagara, $6.
Increase, restorations, re-issue, etc. —
George A. Clark, Elgin. $12. Widow-
Martha J. Barney, Troutdale, $3.
Construction "Work on Lcs
Angeles Postoffice.
Chicago Company Lowest Bidder for
PACIFIC COAST INVENTORS
ARE GRANTED PATENTS
MOVILLE— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York, for Glasgow, and proceeded.
BREMEN— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Kaiser Wll
helm der Grosse, from New York, via Cher
bourg and Southampton.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Ausr 6— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York, via Boulogne. -
LIVERPOOL— Sailed * Aug ft-Stmr Saxonla,
for Queenstown and Boston. - - „
SYDNEY, NSW— Arrived prior to Auk 6—
Stmr Ventura, from San Francisco.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Aur 6— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Phoenicia, from Ham
burg, for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Aug B— Stmr Pennland.
from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Tauric, for
Liverpool. ... • y
OCEAN STEAMERS.
. DUXGENESS— Passed Aug 5— Ger ship Als
terkamp, from Hamburg, for Puget Sound
FALMOUTH— Arrived Aug 5— Ger ship Ferd
inand Fisher, from Oregon.
GREENOCK— Sailed Aug 3— Br bark Spring
bank, fcr Esquimau.
CARDIFF— Arrived Aug 3— Ger ship Arthur
Fitsrer, from Oregon.
CUXHAVEX— Passed Aug 2— Br ship Lord
Shaftesbury, from Hamburg, for Honolulu.
HAMBURG — Arrived prior to Aug 6— Ger
ehip Marie Hackfeld. from Oregon.
IQUIQUE— Sailed July 15— Ger bark Favorita,
for Oregon.
SINGAPORE— Arrived July 22— Br stmr Ping
Suey, from Seattle.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Aug 5, at 2 p m— Br
stmr Peru, for San Francisco.
MUMBLES— Passed Aug 4— Fr ship Hoche,
from Nantes, for Oresron.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 5— Br ship
Ben Dears,- from Oregon; Ger bark Professor
Koch, from Oregon, . . * ¦ . .
FOREIGN PORTS.
Sailed Augr 6— Stmr Senator, for Nome
COOS BAY— Arrived Auk 6— Stmr Arcata,
from Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Parsed in Aug 6— Br
stmr Queen Adelaide, from Hongkong.
PORT GAMBI^-Arrlved Aug 6-Schr Spo
kane, from Callao. •-.•••
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 6— Schr J M
Weatherwax, from Tacoma.
BRISTOL BAY— Arrived June 21— Ship Occi
dental, hence April 16.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Aug fi— Stmr San
Matec, for San Francisco. .
The United States training ship Hart
ford Joined with the German warships at
Kiel In saluting and half masting flags
after the announcement of the death of
the Dowager Empress was received here.
BERLIN, Aug. 6.— The Relchsanzeiger
to-day issued notice that in accordance
with the mourning ordinance of October
7, .1797, the bells of all the churches in
Germany must be tolled dally for four
teen days, from noon to 1p.m. «
State Department. "Washington, Aug. 6.
His Imperial and Royal Majesty, Wllhelm II,
German Emperor, Berlin: I learn with deep
sorrow of the death of "your Majesty's beloved
mother, the Dowager Empress and Queen
Frederick. Her noble qualities have endeared
her memories to the American people, in whose
-name and In my own I tender to your Majesty
heartfelt condolence.
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
* Emperor "William has received a private
telegram of 'sympathy from the Pope.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— President Mc-
Kinley has sent the following message to
Emperor "William of Germany on the
death of his mother, the Dowager Em
press Frederick: '- . -
On Thursday the royal family will attend
the funeral -service in the castle, at which
the Bishop of Ripon, who was summoned by
the Empress, will officiate. ,¦ Only the immedi
ate family will be present.
Saturday evening the coffin will be escorted
from Friederlchshoff to the Protestant church
in Cronberg by a torchlight procession fol
lowed by the royal family on foot.
Sunday afternoon a funeral service will -be
held in the presence of the family of the Em
press, her household and a 'few of her friends
and other privileged persons.
It is expected here that King Edward will
be present. • ¦ ¦
The royal family will go to Potsdam Sunday
evening and the body will be taken there Mon
day. -
The funeral . service in the mausoleum at
Friedenskirche, Potsdam, . will be held Tues
day. As it was the Empress' wish that there
should be no state ceremony, the service will
not be attended by all the German royal , per
sonages. It will be as simple as possible.
Emperor "William had a long interview
with Count von Bulow to-day. He .drove
from Homburg/to Friederichoff, and soon
after his arrival there the following offi
cial announcement regarding the funeral
arrangements was made:
CRONBERG, Aug. 6.— In accordance
with the expressed wishes of s the late
Empress Dowager Frederick, the funeral
services will bo as simple as possible un
der the circumstances. . The body will re
main upon the bed where she died until
ready for the coffin.' ,The roses In which
It Is almost buried are from her private
garden, many of the blooms being from
bushes cultivated with her own hands.
No one will be allowed to view the body
except the members of "the Immediate
family and household.
No One Except Members of
the Family .Will View
Wishes of Late Empress
Dowager "Will Be
Respected.
LAST SAB RITES
WILL BE SIMPLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; .WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1901.
The Neko Comes From Hamburg via South America, but Does Not
Bring Much Cargo— Argyll Arrives From Panama Direct and
Brings a Full Load •- of Merchandise From New York
TWO STE AMSH I PS I N F ROM PO RTS
OF SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA
THE NEW FOUR-MASTED BARKENTINE THOMAS P. EMIGH NOW NEARING COMPLETION ON PUGET
SOUND FOR THE CHARLES NELSON COMPANY. SHE WILL CARRY NEARLY A MILLION AND A HALF
FEET OF LUMBER AND WILL MAKE HER MAIDEN TRIP TO AUSTRALIA.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at • Fort Point, entrance " to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 7.
7
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, W H W L W
7 ... 5:34 4.0 10:22 2.4 4:5S 5.7
L W| H W L, Wl H W
8 ... 0:04 0.4 6:58 3.9 "11:26 2.7 5:54 5.9
9 ... 1:11 0.0 8:14 4.1 12:36 2.9 G:57 8.0
10... 2:12—0.3 9:18 4.4 1:40 2.9 7:57 6.1
11 ... 3:04|—0.5 10:06 4.6 2:42 2.8 8:59 6.1
12 ... 3:51|—0.6| 10:51 4.9 3:37 2.6 9:51 C.I
13 ... 4:35|—0.5 11:28 5.1 4:29 2.3 10:42 5.8
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Warren Tacoma 'Aug. 7
Progreso Tacoma Aug. 8
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 8
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 8
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 8
Belgian King.. China and Japan ...Aug. 8
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 8
Zealandia Honolulu Aug. 9
Asuncion Seattle Aug. »
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 9
Wellington Oyster Harbor Aug. ' 9
San Mateo Nanaimo -: Aug. 9
City of Peking. China and Japan Aug. 10
Walla Walla... Puset .Sound Ports Aug. 10
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 10
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 11
Sonoma Sydney and Way Ports Aug. )2
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Aug. 13
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Queen Skaguay & "Way Ports Aug. 8
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports Aug.* S
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 10
Bertha...; Valdez & Way Ports.. Aug. 10
Centennial Nome & Teller City Aug. 10
Cottage City... Skagnay & Way Ports Aug. 13
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports Aug-> 13
Al-Kl Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 14
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 18
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Ausrnst 7.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Australia Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Angost 8.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Pier 8
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Urnatilla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Aconcagua... Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
City Sydney.. Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Aoprnnt J».
Rainier Seattle & N. What Pier 2
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coqullle River 4 pm Pier. X
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Aupjust 1O.
Amer. Mara.. China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
Mariposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Corona San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
. AiiKUNt 11.
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier U
AllRIIKl 12.
Argyll N. Y. via Panama
- AuKust ia.
Bonlt a San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, W H W L W
7 ... 5:34 4.0 10:22 2.4 4:5S 5.7
L W| H W L, Wl H W
8 ... 0:04 0.4 6:58 3.9 "11:26 2.7 5:54 5.9
9 ... 1:11 0.0 8:14 4.1 12:36 2.9 G:57 8.0
10... 2:12—0.3 9:18 4.4 1:40 2.9 7:57 6.1
11 ... 3:04|—0.5 10:06 4.6 2:42 2.8 8:59 6.1
12 ... 3:51|—0.6| 10:51 4.9 3:37 2.6 9:51 C.I
13 ... 4:35|—0.5 11:28 5.1 4:29 2.3 10:42 5.8
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Warren Tacoma 'Aug. 7
Progreso Tacoma Aug. 8
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 8
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 8
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 8
Belgian King.. China and Japan ...Aug. 8
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 8
Zealandia Honolulu Aug. 9
Asuncion Seattle Aug. »
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 9
Wellington Oyster Harbor Aug. ' 9
San Mateo Nanaimo -: Aug. 9
City of Peking. China and Japan Aug. 10
Walla Walla... Puset .Sound Ports Aug. 10
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 10
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 11
Sonoma Sydney and Way Ports Aug. )2
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Aug. 13
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Queen Skaguay & "Way Ports Aug. 8
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports Aug.* S
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 10
Bertha...; Valdez & Way Ports.. Aug. 10
Centennial Nome & Teller City Aug. 10
Cottage City... Skagnay & Way Ports Aug. 13
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports Aug-> 13
Al-Kl Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 14
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 18
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Ausrnst 7.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Australia Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Angost 8.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Pier 8
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Urnatilla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Aconcagua... Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
City Sydney.. Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Aoprnnt J».
Rainier Seattle & N. What Pier 2
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coqullle River 4 pm Pier. X
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Aupjust 1O.
Amer. Mara.. China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
Mariposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Corona San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
. AiiKUNt 11.
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier U
AllRIIKl 12.
Argyll N. Y. via Panama
- AuKust ia.
Bonlt a San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
SEND FOR A FREE SAMPLE OF MELLIN'S FOOD.
overtax the infant's stom-
ach with insoluble, indi-
gestible or unsuitable ma-
terial. Mellih's Food is
nourishing- and comforting.
Mellih's Food does not
Kjjgja K^El fc&2 jHi fl Kjyjy Bifrg w*M b mBbBp 59 S
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[mon -¦ n
1 This Gremt Train 1
¦ #UiU runs but twice |
H ' ptr week during o
IllliJOB.-rr- I
H TUP Leaving at 9 am, I
I It arrives in I
n 1 1 1 r a n u 1 1 Chicafl0 •* 2 - I& I
CiUFOBIIi sli^t 1 - I
IIMITFH ~~ I
LllflllLlI (b hlrf} studard i
; of service is |j
ON fully maintained. 1
1 SANTA ft I
ven*^ VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY forMEN
/P^ MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
&$&¦*, ISa have been in use over fifty
iS^fSSiflA years by the leaders of the
eifyiite Mormon Church and their
EfiW^'^Sv^Ssi followers. Positively cure the
fc'ii^ty/TR"]*??! worst cases in old and youns
¥?V <&S.V *SSf arising: from efTects of sel£-
XZ&tnfSe i&x! abuse, dissipation, excesses or
mSE&i&IoC cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
>&§&»4^r Manhood. Impotency, Lost
vtsSsir - Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains in Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, «=» Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner*"5 fl vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are^Z. JTT^lmmedlate. Im-
part vigor and pote vfc«T3 nC y to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent: a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and 'nerve centers: 50c a box; « for
$2 50 by mail. A ¦written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 3S
and 40 Third st.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 60 day;
$5 to $S week; $3 to S20 month. Free baths? hot
and cold water every room : flre grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
IA/. 1\ HESS.
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOSNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Sprecksls Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California st., below Powell,
San Francisco.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlc9 Lists Mailed
' on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahla
& Co. (est'd. ISCZt 409 Market St.; upon in-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANJ PIO IROX
I f WIT KAV * C(\ 90 ° Battery Street.
J- V- TTlLSUfl \X WU-. Telephone Main 1364.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA? RflYFSfcfft Khippins Butchers. 104
JAM)UlE3atl>- Clay. Tel. Main U94
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
41S Front at.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN Se McGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear St., S. F. Tel. Main 5320.
Pionee^ Dry Goods Store.
Sells Ladles' and Children's Hose 5c a pair:
Ladles' Linen Skirts, 35c; Men's Fine Dress
Shirts, worth $1. for 40c. at 105 Fifth street.
. PRINTING.
£• C« nUunESi Ell Sansome «t.. 3. P.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.,
13 First Street. San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
oTi «^ tut b* *^ *^r S3 sr s^
Ct JB*. m Z». Xm #"% ¦ n ESa r
this THIRD
, Wednesday /virkMXH
mghtv TWO INT 1-1 •
Florence ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
"' • Presenting Alexandre Dumas'
CAMILLE.
—ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY!
SEATS- '¦ BY PHONE MAIN 254 1
Next Week-"SILVER MOUNTED HARNESS."
CHUTES AND_ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LUNETTE. THE MAID OF THE AIR.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
' THE AMATEURS
¦ .' AND A LADIES' PILLOW FIGHT.
\ Telephone . for Seats— Park 23.
FiSCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
r * .?.V, • ° Admission 10c. .
IRENE 'Franklin, Claire' Canfleld, Maud Still.
S WOR AND HATHAWAY, ;¦ Ouhama. Nellie
Bruce.'- Billy Fleraen, Little 'Jennie- Metzler,
Seymour . and 'Hill an4 Hlnrlcha' Orchestra.
1 Reserved Seats, 23c. Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
Presents the Revolutionary "War Drama.
"TOLL GATE INN"
Enthusiastically Received by Crowded IIouics.
PRICES— 10c, 13c, 25c, SCc, 73c.
Good orchestra seats all matinees 25c
Branch Ticket Ofnce Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). AUG. T.
Parquet, any seat, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Children.
10c. any part except reserved.
EVERY ACT A HEADLINE
IN VAUDEVILLE.
Hill and Silviany, Mr. and Mrs. Al-
fred Kelcey, Sisson, Wallace and
Company, The Molasso-Salvaggi'
Troupe, Alexandra Dagmar, The
Standard Quartet, The Esmonds,
Stanton and Modena, and the Bio-
graph. )
EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT T SHARP.
SECOND GREAT WEEK.
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT. Friday and Saturday.
ILTROVATORE
Thursday, Saturday Matinee and Sunday.
LUCIA
"FAVORITA,") NEXT f "nTELLO," i
Agostini, Call»m»-> .,,,-.-., \ Jfoataiari, 3a-
rini.D»do, lermi.) WEEK. Hmj*, Cj»tellaa>.
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 50c and 73c
Telephone — Bush 9. .
UU&aUIWIidfiM LEADING THEATRE
"A frreat play."— Call.
- "A Dramatic Triumph."— Examiner.
"Well worth seelnjr."— Chronicle.
."Powerful and fascinating."— Bulletin.
Every Night (Excepting Sunday).
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN'S
EMPIRE ™ o!P
THEATER Igyg
COMPANY Igsa
Presenting HENRT ARTHUR JONES* "
Greatest Play.
MRS. DANE'S DEFENCE.
As seen all last season at the Empire Theater.
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-MORROW.
25c and SOc
DELIGHTING IMMENSE AUDIENCES.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MR. JAMES AND THE
1 W ffi • M JLmajBmmt COMPANY.
Presenting Arthur W. Pinery's Comedy Success, •
"THEAMAZONS"
EVE 25c. 35c, 50c, 75c. $1
MATINEE SATURDAT— 23c. 30c, 75o
Next Sunday "THE ROTAL BOX."
SEATS THURSDAY.
BELASCOAmoTHAlSSj^^r
J^W BMB* |Mk M ¦'¦¦¦ T^ Ifft El & * ir-^'""" r-M
\ TO-NIGHT— Every Evening This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Spectacular Production of the Great Play,
MONTE CRISTO
Gorgeous Scenery— Wonderful Effects, Etc.
Last Week— Engagement of
JAMES M. BROPHY.
PDirCC Evening 10c. 13c. 23c. 15c. Wo
lalvLJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 2te
Next Week-"THE~GREAT DIAMOND
i ROBBERT."
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN INIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
' Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
-i ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5=.
Bathlac. Including admission. 25c. Children. 20c. .
PALACE ¦ ,
These hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour-
* a * 1 ists and travelers ap-
rDAMT\ predate— central loca-
UiV'VliU tlon. liberal manage-
x»rv-T-r:T «? ment. modern appolnt-
llU 1 LLj, merits and perfect cui-
sine.
5-n American and Earo-
"~T pean plans.
Francisco. -
_____ ' *
IS For fifty years Schlitz 1*Yj
«/ \i beer has been brewed at §§2
Milwaukee. From this K^a
/|Vi city it goes to the remotest W\K&
pi£| parts of the earth. The fcM
£§| sun never sets on Schlitz mra§
«P agencies. Civilized men jggjf
|/Pj do not live where Schlitz h|J9
R^j beer is not standard. jLJjJ
&£M Schlitz beer has made
fj*i Milwaukee famous. It has g§ff§
telfffl £' ven wau k ee beer the . Sjyi
I^S distinction of purity, and fe^
E^3 purity is everything, but ff5j{
fXj all Milwaukee beer is net
p,j3 Schlitz beer. People now Bmjj
fe^ demand a beer that is |rggj
healthful, and that demand
r^i J calls for Schlitz. K*^S
&!ia Schlitz purity is abso- p|^j
Yxji* lute. Every process is fa&B
feQ cleanly. Every drop of
CO the product is cooled in »^
filtered air. Every barrel FJO
is filtered — every bottle &$&
K la -^ * >eer *^ at * s a S e^ an(^ Knl
Iglll pure is healthful. That f*^j
r^ is Schlitz. wNl
rXs "Phone Main 447. Sherwood &Sher- Q^3
j^(Ni wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco |^^3EASTERN MARKETS.
Nciv ' York Metal: Market.
: NEW YORK, Aug. , 6.— Available , spot sup
plies of tin are receiving '. a good Inquiry and
¦ POULTRY— Live : Turkeys, ; 8@9c for Gobblers
and 9<g 10c. for Hens; Geese, ¦¦ per pair, $1@1 25;
Arrivals • of Doves continue • light and they
are said to be scarce: this year. The few, Hare
and Rabbits coming In are generally , in poor
condition.' ¦ ,; l '" : V . .. •.; *. <¦-
Poultry shows no particular change as far as
prices* are .concerned. - The market Is -amply
supplied for all current needs and receipts from
the East, which fell off during July, are again
Increasing.* One car of Eastern came. in, mak
ing. three thus far this .week. ..... ¦ ¦ ..-• .
Poultry and Game.
General Merchandise.
CANNED FRUITS— The market continues
firm;- with a steady demand for the drought-
GRAIN BAGS— Grain Bags are again quoted
a fraction oft. '_. Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%<ffiSc:
local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit Bags, 5}i@
6c for cotton and 8%@S^ic for jute.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
- Morning ¦ Session.
• Board—
1300 Cala-Standard jj
• 10O Central Polnt-Coi " 160
9000 Junction ; io
600 Lion ,...I.;^; CS
400 Lion ..'....» 07
200 Mcnte Crlsto , *"*" i 6i>
200 Oil City Petroleum ........".""!!!!" 26
BO Peerless ; m j $$
•5 San Joaquln Oil & Dev.. 7 50
,50 Sovereign • 30
100 Twenty-Eight ***. hjvj
Quotations: Territory, scoured • basis—Mon
tana fine, 15@16c; scoured. 44® 46c: fine medium,
14@16c; scoured. 42@43c; staple, 16@17c; scoured,
4S@4Sc; Utah, Wyoming and Idaho flne,,13@14c;
scoured, 44@45c; fine medium. 13@14c; scoured,
40@43c; staple, 15©16c; scoured, 46@48c. Aus
tralian, • scoured basis- gDOt prices — Combing
superfine, '74®75c; good; 6S@70c; average, 65@67c.
BOSTON, Aug. 6.— There was a good business
recorded In the wool market here this week.
The : demand for wool continues j good and | the
tone Is strong. . The market continues ' to show
an absence of - speculative • feeling, sales made
being. to supply the present needs of manufac
turers. ¦¦' The supply of wool available Is large,'
the curtailed 'consumption by the. mills'.dur
ing last week. allowing considerable surplus to
accumulate.; The activity of the mills during
the past few weeks, however, " has cut 'Into the
surplus, but, with the new clip coming upon
the market, there ;is no scarcity of general
supplies. ' : , •
Boston Wool Market.
dried: fruit,
Evaporated apples, unchanged. State, 'com-
NEW YORK. Aug. 6.-FLOUR-Recelpts, 19,
695 barrels; exports, 13,125 barrels.
WHEAT— Receipts, 203,700 bushels: exports;
88,545. "Spot, dull; 'No. 2 ' red, . 77%c f . o. . b.,
afloat; No. 2 red, 75%c, elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 78Vic f. o. b., afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 86%c f. o. b., afloat. ' ¦
Options opened firm on local covering and
foreign inquiry, but sold oft with outside mar
kets . and under Northwest , offerings. . Closed
easy at ' %®Uc net loss. ; September 75U®
76 3-16c, closed 75%c; October, 75%®76^c, closed
75%c; December, 77%<S78%c. closed 77%c.
HOPS— QUIET. • . ••
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull. .
COFFEE— Spot coffee, Rio steady; No. 7 In
voice, 5}»c; mild, dull; Cordova, 8@ll%c.' -Fu
tures closed steady at unchanged prices. Total
sales,' 31.750 bags. - including September 4 80®
4.90c; December, C.J/)c; May. 5.40<g)5.45c. • ¦
SUGAR— Raw, quiet;, fair refining., 3 9-l6c;
centrifugal, ¦ 96 . test, 4 5-32c;: molasses * sugar,
3 5-16c; refined, quiet. . .
¦BUTTER— Receipts. 13,454, packages/ Steady;
State dairy, 14®19c ; creamery. . 16@20%c ; imita
tion creamery, - 14@17%c. ' ¦ ¦¦¦.¦,.:¦¦
EGGS — Receipts, 11,310 packages. ,' Steady;
State and Pennsylvania. lC@18c ;- Eastern . can
dled, 16%c; Western uncandled. 8@14c. '
New York Grain and Produce.
VEGETABLES— Green .Peas,' l%@2c; String
Beans, 1%@ 3c; Limas. ,4®' 6c; Cabbage, 35®40c
per> ctl; Tomatoes from the River, in .large
boxes, 50®75c;; Dried Peppers,' . 12@18c; Green
Okra. 75cig$l per box; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Cucumbers, .. Bay, 20@30c; Pickles. l%c per lb
for. small and lc for large; Garlic. 2@3c; Green
Peppers, . 25@50c per box for Chile and 35@6Oc
for. Bell; Egg. Plant, 35@50c ; per . box; Green
Corn, 25@75c per sack; Alameda. 50c@$l per
crate; Berkeley, 25@50c; Summer Squash, large
boxes.' 15@30c; New Marrowfat Squash, $15@20
per ton. , - ' - ¦ •
POTATOES— 90c(g$l 15 In sacks and 90c@$l 50
in boxes for Burbanks, 75c@$l for Garnet Chiles
and 75c@$l for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks,
$1 15@1 35; Sweets, 202%c per lb. - .
ONIONS— Yellow. 75c@$l per ctl; Pickle On
ions. 60@65c per sack. .
More new Sweets came In from the River.
".Barring Tomatoes the Vegetable market Is
overstocked and weak, supplies of Peppers, Egg
Plant and Squash being particularly, large."
¦ Potatoes were quoted active and firm, with a
continued demand for shipment and lighter re
ceipts. : Onions were also firm and selling well.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— The cotton market
Btarted off weak in tone, and very feverish with
prices 8 to 13 points ' lower, . and for the rest
of the session was well nigh demoralized, with
values at no time up to the opening figures.
The market closed barely steady 18 to 18 points
lower. *
Nav York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances, $175,760,287; gold, $101,990,244. ¦
Condition of the Treasury.
. The feeling In Beans .continues very firm and
most kinds show a further advance. Llmas.
"Whites and Pinks are particularly strong, and
the shipping demand continues. j>
There is nothing new In Seeds. '
BEANS— Bayos. 12 50® 2 60; Small White, $4 85
@5; Large White, $3 85@4; Pink, $2@2 10; Red;
*3@3 25; Blackeye. $3ffi3 25; Limas, $6 40(g6 50;
Red Kidney, $4 50@4 75 per ctl. ; .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard/ nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 75<£3; Canary, $3Vi«iJ
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%@
2Vlc: HemD, 3%c per lb. 1 • ..
DRIED PEAS— N lies, $1 65 per ctl.
Bean's and Seeds.
Cr«vJ:; ~ • ST. JOSEPH. ,
ST. JOSEPH, Aug. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts,
22.5S7; market strong to 10c higher for good to
choice; others steady; cows and heifers, $1 25@
4 80; bulls and stags, $2@4 SO; stockers and
feeders, $1 7o@4. ' • ¦ , \ :
HOGS— Receipts, 8000; market steady to 10c
lower; light and light mixed, $5 50^5 85; me
dium and heavy, $5 75@6 17%; pigs, '$2 50@5 15;
bulk. $5 75@6.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4220; market weaker; top
Idaho iambs, $5. • •
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 19,000; to-morrow,
28.0C0; left over, 6000: 5c lower; mixed and
butchers, $5 70@6; good to choice heavy, $5 90@
6 20; rough heavy, .$5 f.Cgo SO; bulk, $5 S0@5 95. ¦
SHEEP— Receipts, I S0O0; slow to 1 10c lower;
lambs, slow to 10c lower, except for few good
fancy; good, to choice wethers, $3 50@4; fair
to choice mixed,. J3$T3 EO; Western sheep, $3 23<^
3 65; yearlings, $3 75<J1 1 4 25; native lambs, $2@5;
Western Iamb3, $3 25^5 15. ;
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— CATTLE-Recelpts, 4000;
very slow but steady; no choice here; good
to : prime steers, $5 6(i@6 30; poor to medium,
%4 2.-.fi a KO; stockers and feeders, $2 25@4; cows,
$2 75@4 50; heifers, $2 25@4 85; • canners,. $1 50@
2 40; bulls, $2 25@4 30; calves, $3 50@5 50; Texas
steers, $3@4 60.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Markets.
NEW, YORK, Aug. 6.— Money on call closed
steady 2%@3 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent. Ster
ling exchange, firmer with actual business' in
bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand and at
$4 83%(?4 85% for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4 86@4 88%. Commercial bills, $4 84%@4 S3.
Bar silver, 58%c. Mexican dollars. 46c. Gov
ernment bonds, steady; State bonds, inactive;
railroad bonds, irregular.
New York Money Market.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 6—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka. €0; Mount Tamalpals, 77; Independence,
SO: Red Bluff. 86; Fresno. 100; Los Angeles. 82;
Sacramento, SO; San Luis Obispo, 80; San Diego.
74. - -" ' '-¦'
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C3; minimum, 54 > mean, 58.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.) •
Weather Report
Prunes are In good demand and very firm
for tha large sizes. Sizes 40-COs are now hard
to pet at lets than 7c, one' of the largest liold
tn advancing to that figure yesterday. Oregon
40-50* -are ' higher, holders, asking 6c. Oregons
sre in very. light supply, also. Currants are
dull and easy. Prices on good fruit are nom
inally i:nchang:ed, but" some very poor or'.off
<ji:a!ity is offering very low. ••
Nuts on the epot are dull. - New crop filberts
ere quoted lower, cable* being received offer
ing poods for prompt shipment at 47s 6d and
for lest half of October at 46s.
Mall advices from Xew York say: The spot
ni?.rkct for both loose and seeded raisins was
contiderably higher and more active yesterday,
as a result of the sale of the entire remaining
holdings of the raisin association — said to be
600 cars of loose — to the Seeded Raisin Com
pany at 3%c on the coast. It is stated the
entire quantity purchased Is to be seeded and
disposed cf before the new crop comes in, if
possible. sTnd the seeding combine has named
a price of Cc. f. Ov b.. coast, for 16-oz cartons.
Each carton is to bear a sticker which, how
ever, will differ from the one now In use on
cut-price raisins In that no price will be men
tioned thereon. The trade has been for some
litile time expecting the 6ale of this big block
cf raisins to the seeding company and the
deal had been to eoim extent discounted. As
high a price as 6c for the seeded stock had
not been looked for, hoyever, the general ex
pectation having been that the quotation would
be from Si-ieSHc. At 6c the trade probably
will net be eager to take hold, although stocks
cf seeded en the spot are light and there Is
a very fair demand. Sales of a number of
cars were reixirted, however.
Coast seeded raisins on the spot advanced
to 6»,4i7%c for cartons, according to quality,
¦while 3-crown loose Muscatels were I4@%c
higher at the close. Loot? raisins are in very
light supply in this market and the scarcity,
with the cltan-up on the coast, led to a rather
cctive buying movement on the spot, a num
ber of lots, mostly less than carlots, being
picked up around l\,c. At the close few lots
were offering at 5%c. Spot stocks have re
cently been considerably depleted by sales of
carlots to go to Philadelphia.
Dried Fruits in New York.
There were only 6 cars of Hay on the tracks.
The feeling was steady and. the retailers were
good buyers. Prices stand the same.
Bran and ' Middlings are firm at the advance
already noted.
BRAN— $19(5)19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20(g21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill $25@26; Jobbing.
$"6 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $30 5C
@31 50; Cracked Corn. $31@32; Mixed Feed, $17
@18. -
HAY— Wheat, $7©9 60: choice, $10; Wheat and
Oat $6 50@9; Oat, $6®8 60; Barley and Oat,
$6@8; Alfalfa, $7®9; Clover, $5 50@7; Volunteer,
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
PORK— Live Hogs, - 200 lbs and u>der, 6%®
6%c; over 2C0 lbs. 6c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off. boars. 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent oft from 'the above quotations ; dressed
Hogs, 7%@9%c.
Wholesalers report plenty of supplies here to
meet all current requirements. Prices for all
descriptions remain about as before. :• ¦; ¦
Wholesale rates from- slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@3^c per lb for
cows. ¦
¦ VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small. 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@8c; Ewes. 7@7%c per
pound. , ' ¦ /.
LAMB— Spring. 8%@9e per pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL — Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 14@15%c; do. Lambs', lie per lb:
Northern, free, 12@13c; defective. 9®llc; Middle
County, free, 10@llc; do, defective. 8@10c:
Southern. 12 months, 8®9c: Southern, free. 7
months, 7(g>10c; do, defective. 7 months. 7@8c:
Oregon Valley, fine. 14<s?15c; do. medium and
coarse. ll@13c; Oregron, Eastern, choice. ll@13c;
do. fair to good. 9®llc; Nevada, 10@ll%c. Fall
—San Joaauln Lambs', 7%@9c.
HOPS-15®20c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium. 9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags.
6%c; Salted Kip. 9%6; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16K16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, 15c: Culls and Brands, 15c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, l-WHOc each; short
¦Wool. 30<S?30c each: medium, 50® 75c: long
Wool 80c<?f$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50®
2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium. $1 50®
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry, $1 75 for large. $1 23*M 50 for medium. $1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins — Sum
mer or red skins. 33c: fall or medium skins. 30c;
winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%®4%c per lb;
choice. 5c; No. 2, 3%@4c: grease. 2%*S3c.
Sheep Skins, Influenced by the Improved con
dition of the Wool market, are in better de
mand and selling freely.
Wet Salted Hides are in good demand. ¦ and
locally there is every indication for a steady
market. There was a slight advance during
the month of July, but the higher figures could
not be maintained and prices were reduced to
the quotations of our last prices current.
Dry Hides and Calf are wanted and prices
are -well maintained In the local market.
Horse Hide market Is stronger, and only
limited quantities are being received.
Deer Skins at the present prices are on good
trading basis, and sell freely.
The Wool market has greatly improved and
a number of good sized sales have been made.
Wool Is well cleaned up and firm, and dealers
say that they could sell a good deal more if It
were here.
Hops are steady, and the California crop is
said to be turning out lighter than expected.
Quotations for new goods are nominal, though
buyers would take hold at 13%c.
The circular of W. B. Sumner & Co. says:
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— Atchlson, 72%; Anaconda,
8%; Canadian Pacific, 104%; Southern Pacific,
63%; Atchlson preferred,. 95%; Denver and Rio
Grande, 41%: Denver and Rio Grande pre
ferred, 91%; Union Pacific, 96%; Union Pacific
preferred. 89%. Ba' silver, steady, 26 15-16d
per ounce. Money, 1%@2 per cent.
CLOSING,
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was absolute Idleness after our holiday
and the tone was heavy, In sympathy with
American stocks, which opened flat. Later
they exhibited a slight tendency to harden,
but the improvement in prices was not ac
companied by business to any extent.- New
York's opening helped the improvement \nd
the close was firm. Copper shares were flat
on the prolongation of the strike.
London Market.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakars' Extras, $3 lo@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75<£f3' for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. ¦ '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4®4 '5- Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat ' $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 S5@8 35:
in sacks, $6 50@8: Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— • • Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson ..44,400 72% 69% 70%
Atchlson, prefd 5,500 \ 94 93 83%
Baltimore & Ohio........ • 600 95% .94% 95
Baltimore & Ohio prefd ;.' ¦ , .92
Canadian Pacific 900 107% 107%. 107%
Canada Southern 100 66% ¦ 66% ", 66%
Chesapeake •& Ohio 1.F0O 44% 43% 43%
Chicago & Alton ......:. 500 37 3C% 36%
Chicago &' Alton pfd.'... '700 76 75% ¦¦ 76
Chicago Ind & Louis.... 900 33 32%' 32%
Chicago Ind & Louis pfd 68
Chicago & East Illinois ...... "120
Chicago & Great West 3,500 22 21 21%
C & GW A. pfd.. ...... 300 $2 81% 81
C & G W B pfd : ..:. 44%
Chicago & Northwestern 700 191% 189% 189
C R I & P> 700 137»4 136 137
Chicago Ter & Trans.... 400 18% IS • 18
Chicago Ter & Tran pfd i 300 37% 37% 37
C C C & St Louis.;..:.. ...... .... ..-..89
Colorado Southern ..'.:.. 1,200 12% 12% .: 1214
Colo Southern 1st pfd 49%
Colo Southern 2d pfd... 100 21 21 - 21
Delaware & Hudson..'.. 400 "158% 157% -157%
Del Lack & West....... 220
Denver & Rio Grande.. . 400 .40% 40% ; 41
D & R G pfd..........;. 400 89»i 88% 88Vi
Erie ..: .....12,400 36% 35% 35%
Erie 1st pfd '.-... 700 64 .63% .63%
.Erie 2d pfd 100 48 48 4S
Great Northern pfd ¦ 300-173 • 173-173%
Hocking Valley 300. 48% 48%" 49%
Hocking Valley pfd...,. 200 • 73% . 731i 73»A
Illinois Central ....1,600 144% 141% 142%
Iowa -Central ...•...:..' .:.. , 35
Iowa Central pfd..^.... ..'......*... .:.'.. /72 "
Lake Erie. & Western.. ...... ...; - .... .62 •
Lake Erie &West pfd........ . .... V.V.rilS
Louisville &: Nashville. 5.400 100% 99% 100-
Manhattan L ...:...'....; 5.900 116% 115 115 :
Metropolitan St Ry.... 1.100 164% 163%" 1 S3
NEW YORK. Aug. 6.— General conditions, in- i
dependent of the strike situation, received |
more consideration to-day than for some time (
and were reflected In higher prices for securi
ties. The absence during the greater part of
the day of any sensational strike news, com
bined with the support which the United
States Steel stocks received after their opening
weakness, also aided the improvement. These
conditions underwent a radical change/. In the
final dealings when a report was current that
orders Tor a general strike of the steel workers
would be issued to-night. The professional
operators promptly put out large short lines
and brought about declines of from l.to about
3 points In the most prominent stocks. The
market in detail practically showed a pretty
steady improvement from the outset, the only
real setbacks which were forced by realiza
tions being quickly overcome by a good de
mand for both accounts and evidences of In-
Side support. London's attitude was regarded
with some interest, but arbitrage operations
proved small and were without Influence. News
front the crop regions was more encouraging
and was supplemented by the weekly Govern
ment crop report, which indicated Improved
conditions at important points. The outlook
for a large crop of epring and winter wheat,
in lddltion to some exceptional railroad earn
ings, also helped to sustain prices. Support
was noticeable for stocks which were especially
weak yesterday, these including the Eastern
trunk lines. Southwestern*, Tractions and Pa
cifies, where improvements had been made .of
fron: 1 to 3% points. Sugar felt an early re
sumption of yesterday's weakness, but after
losing a point sold up four. All these gains
were considerably reduced during the late Bell-
Ing movement and net gains were limited to
fractions. Trading in the steel stocks was
comparatively light, and there were not many
large individual blocks. But 6000 shares were
dealt, in at the opening at a gain of % per
cent. The stock soon yielded''% below yes
terday's close, but later on got % above and
ended unchanged for the day. Pressure was
noted against the preferred right from the
Etart. but after yielding % it got % above
yesterday's final figures and ended with a
loss of %. Money rates ruled easy to-day
and the chief feature of this department was
the debit of $1,392,198 by the sub-treasury at
the clearing-house this morning on account of
, drafts drawn against gold deposited at Pa
cific Coast points en route from the Klondike.
Foreign exchange rates were firmer to-day, de
mand bills bringing $4 87%, with the demand
only moderate.
Railroad bonds were quiet to-day and the
price movement was Irregular. Total sales
»1.07£,0C0.
The closing of the stock market was • weak,
with business In increasing volume. United
States bonds were all unchanged on the last
call.
New' York Stock Market.
¦ CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams,
13@13%c: Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl: extra Mess.
$12; Family, $13; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear. $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c
per lb. .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE- One half -barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, S%c per lb.
Cured Meats and Lard are quoted firm, but
prices remain unchanged. The demand is fair
and stocks are light.
Provisions.
GLASGOW. Scotland, Aug. 6.— Earl Fruit
Company sales of California fruit: Pears—
Bartlett. $150(^170 two-fifths box. Plums-
Yellow Egg, $1 95@2 19 single crate; Columbia,
$1 70@l 95; Jefferson, average $2 19; , Kelsey
Japan, ?2 19@2 43; Wlckson, average $2 43.
Peaches — Early Crawford, boxes 60c@$l 03,
average 91c; Foster, boxes 80@95c, average 92c.
Pears!— Bartletts, boxes $2@2 35, average $2 21.
Plums— Single crates' $1 30@l 35, average $1 32 r
Bradshaw, single crates, average $1 30; Co
lumbia, single crates, average $1 20; Satsuma,
single crates $1 20@l 40. average $1 34; Yellow
Egg, single crates - $1 35@1 45, average $138.
Three cars sold to-day. Weather favorable. x -
PITTSBURG. "Aug. 5.— The sales of California
fruit here to-day by the Earl Fruit Company
realized prices as follows:
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 5.— The Ear Fruit
Company sold California fruit here to-day at
auction, realizing the following prices:- Pears —
Bartletts • (boxes), $1 70^f2 15, ¦ average $2 05.
Plums— Kelsey Japan (single crates), $1 25®
1 40, average $1 37; Satsuma (single crates),
75c@$l 20. average 97c; Yellow Egg (single
crates), average $139.- Prunes — German (single
crates), $1 25® 1 30, average $1 29: Silver Prunes
(single crates), average $1 20. Five cars sold
to-day. ' Weather favorable.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit:, Pears— Bartlett. $2 15
@2 45 box. Peaches— Early Crawford, 80c@$l 25
box; Crawford Cling, SOc@$l: Late Crawford,
average $1 10; Rose Cling, 90c@$l 05; Brandy
wine, average $1 10; Strawberry Free, 95c@|l 05.
Plums— Yellow Egg. $1(71135 single crate; Kel-'
sey Japan, 90c5$l 25. Prunes— Gros, $1 45@2 35
single crate; Imperial, average $1 15; Silver,
average $1 35. Seventeen cars sold.
CHICAGO, Aucr. 5. — The Earl Fruit Company
to-day 3old California fruit here at auction,
realizing the following prices: Peaches— Early
Crawford (boxes), 15c@$l 10, average 52c.
Pears— Bartletts (boxes), $1 30@2 15, average
$1 94. Plums — Yellow Egg (single crates), 80c®
$125, average $121. Prunes— Gros. . (single
crates), 95c@$l 50, average $1 31. Twenty-one
cars sold to-day. Favorable weather.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 130 73
20 Contra Costa Water, cash 76 50
, 15 Contra Costa Water 78 50
5 Giant Powder Con 76 50
25 Hutchinson Sugar Plan Co 16 50
100 Kllauea Sugar Plan Co is 25
$3000 Oakland Transit Co 6s. 119 00
. Street—
$6000 N P C R R 5s bonds '. 106 00
J6O0O S V 4s bonds (2d mtge) 102 50
Morning Session.
Board — . -
25 Alaska Packers' Asssn. .*......... 130 50
125 Hutchinson Sugar. Plan Co 16 50
65 Makawell 30 73
30 Oakland Gas. cash 31 0.)
50 Onomea Sugar Co 23 00
160 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co 17 62%
5 Spring Valley Water SS 00
Street—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 130 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash 42 00
Alaska Pack..l30%131 Oceanic S Co.. 50
Cal Fruit Can. 96 9S% Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. — 100 Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Her Ex 110 — Par Paint 18 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 iO9Li H.... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio 35 40
Market 75 - 78 I t
Giant 78 77 JVlgorit ...;.... t 3*
Hana 6% 7 Kllauea ..;.... 18% 18%
Hawaiian .... 49 50 Makawell .... 30i* 30\
Honokaa 15 — Onomea 22% —
Hutchinson ... 16% 16% Paauhau 17% —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1870 1900 , Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt ..-.. — — Security 275
Mutual Sav... 50 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco. 520 —
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal TTVi 81 L P & A...."...13S ISO
California 404 408 Mer Ex (liq).. 13 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — S F National.. 129ft —
First Nat S F.305 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 |
Cent L & P... 4 5 Pac Light — ' ~"— '
Equitable 4% 5% Sacramento .. — —
Mutual ;" 4% 6% S F G & E.... 41% —
Oakland 51 — San Fran 4% 4%,
Pac Gas Imp.. — — Stktn G & E.. S —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Contra Costa.. 76% 76% [Spring Valley. 85% SSVt
Marin County. 50 — 1
WATER STOCKS.
3ay Co P C 5s-106% — Oceanic SS 5s.l01%103
Cal-st 5s 116 — Omnibus C 68.130 —
C C Water 5s.lO7% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l2S%133}$ Pk & Cl H 6s. 106 —
Fer & Cl R 63.117% — Pk & O R 6a. .117 —
Geary-st 5s — . — Powll-st R «3.120 —
H C & S 5%s..lO6% — Sac E G R 3s. 95 —
Do 5s — • 102Vi S F & SJV 53.120% —
Los Ang R 5s.H5% — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 112%112H
Do gntd 5s. .103 — (1910) 113 —
L A & Pac 5s. 101 103 S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s.lO2% — (1905). Ser A. — lODtf
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l26%128 (1905). Ser B.110 —
Do 1 C m 5S.124 — (1906) 112%114
Nev C N G 7s. 105 114 (1912) ...120% —
Nor R Cal 6s.lll%, — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 118%— c gntd 5s. ...107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.l01%104 S P Br Cal 6s. 136 —
Do 5s 105 — S V Water 6s. 114 —
Nor R Cal 5s.U0 113 Do 4s 102 103
Oak Gas 5s 112% — Do 4s 3d mtglOl • —
Do Trans 6s.ll8%119% Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water 5s. — 102%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. ..113 113% 4s qr cp (new).137 13S
4s quar reg 113 113Vj|3a quar coup.,108%103
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Aug. •— 2 p. m.
There was nothing new In stocks, business
being quiet.
California Fruit Sales,
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hollister— Crop prospects same.
Hanford — Wheat and other grain crops yield
ing well. Fruit fine.
San Jose — Commencing to pick peaches; will
be drying in a few days.
Palermo — Clouds over mountain; all crops as
before reported.
Ventura — The late rain caused but little dam
age to apricots. Dried fruit generally housed.
Holllster 80 66 Clear W
Hanford 100 72 Clear Calm
San Jose 87 60 Clear NW Strong
Palermo 94 69 Clear S
Ventura 74 61 .......
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes In available supplies
from the last account: v -' ¦ . *• - - . • '
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 2,073.000 bushels. Afloat
for and In Europe, decrease, 800,000 bushels.
Total supply, increase, . 1,273,000 bushels.
£ Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 839,000 bushels. . •
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 1,321,000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
FOR TUESDAY. AUGUST *.
Flour, qr sks .... 13,542 Middlings, ska... 193
Barley, ctls 5,520 Hay. tons 240
Oats, ctls 1,750 Wool, bales 157
Rye. ctls 400 Broom Corn. bsUs 1«-;
Tallow, ctls 22 Lime, bbls £4
Beans, sks 336 Leather, rolls ... fe£
Potatoes, sks ... 2,046 Quicksilver. fisXa 35
Onions, sks 1,248 Hides, No ?-.
Bran, sks «42 Pelts, bdls 23?
Receipts of Produce. ] ' •];>
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 8 5 9%
Closing ' 5 8% 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 22 65 ' 23 45
Closing 22 55 23 55
Flour —
Opening ...; 28 40 29 75
Closing 28 60 29 95
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Almost everything under this, head is in
much better shape than a fortnight ago. The
recent remarkable sales of Prunes and Raisins
have pretty well ' cleaned up the market for
these two descriptions, and given prices a
much firmer tone. The Prune crop will be
very light everywhere, and the official can
vass of Sonoma County by the association
shows only 25 or 30 per cent of a crop there.
The Santa Clara Valley is also very light.
The demand for Apples. Peaches and Apri
cots continues heavy at firm prices, and. Pears
promise to open high. There is no talk ot
Plums or new Prunes yet. Nuts are very firm
and new Almonds are bringing much higher
prices than expected, as already mentioned.
Honey is rather quiet, but prices are steady.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7%@10c for new Royals
and 7%c to 14c for standard to fancy Moor
parks; new Evaporated Apples, 5@7c; new
Peaches, 5%@7c for future delivery; Pears, i@
8c; Plums, pitted, 3@5c; unpitted, l@l%c; Nec
tarines, 4@4%c for red and 4@.3c for white.
PRUNES — The association has withdrawn
quotations and will sell no more at present.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 1 10%c per lb;
choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6% C ; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c: 3-crown. 6%c. and
4-crown. 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 6c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Impe
rials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@12%c; No.
2, 8<§8>Ac; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2. 6%@
7%c; Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell. 10@Hc for
so'ftshell and 5(gfc for hardshell: Peanuts. 5@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Filberts,
lSffilZ'^c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50<35.
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9®10c
for light amber; water white extracted, 5%@6c;
light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark, 3%@l%c.
BEESWAX-25@28c per lb.
The temperature has fallen slightly over the
northern portion of the Pacific slope and risen
over Arizona. It is about normal in the in
terior of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Aug. 7, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
west wind.
Nevada— Generally cloudy with thunderstorms
Wednerday; fresh north wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday
with fog in the morning: fresh southwest wind.
G. H. WILSON,
Local Forecast Official, temporarily in charge.
The pressure has risen over the country west
of the Rocky Mountains and fallen over.Wyom
ing.
Generally cloudy and threatening weather
prevails over the Plateau and Rocky Mountain
regions with scattering thunderstorms and light
FhoWers and fair weather over the Pacific
Coast States. ,
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND <5ENERAL
Temperature at 7 a. m., 53.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour quiet;
No. 3 Spring Wheat 67@70%c; No. 2 Red, 70%@
71 Vic; No 2 Corn, 55%c; No. 2 Yellow, 56%; No. 2
Oats. 35%@36Uc; No. 2 White. 37%c; No. 3
White. 36%@37%c; No. 2 Rye, 56%@37%c; fair
to choice malting Barley, 58@62c: No. 1 Flax
Seed, $1 65@1 67; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 65@1 67;
prime Timothy Seed, $5 30; Mess Pork, per bbl,
J13 90@13 95; Lard, per 100 lbs, $8 60®8 65:
Short Ribs sides (loose), $7 75@7 90; dry salted
Shoulders (boxed). 7%@7%c; Short Clear. Sides
(boxed), $8 30©8 40; Whisky, basis of high
.wines, $1 29; Clover, contract grade, $10 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25.000 21.000
Wheat, buehels 306,000 59,000
Corn, bushels .........229,000 129,000
Oats, bushels :522,000 159.000
Rye. bushels 23.000 ......
Barley, bushels 7.000 3,000
OATS— There is a lively demand for the
drought-stricken regions of the West and if
the railroads will make a rate large shipments
overland from this State will result. The situ
ation is explained under the head of Barley.
The market rules firm and sellers make no
concessions. The demand in the city market is
not very brisk, but as, previously mentioned
the Government is in the market for 4000 tons
of old Oats for Manila, and this, with the
Western demand mentioned above and the
speculative inquiry already spoken of, tends to
render the tone quite . firm. Prices are un
changed at 95c@$l 02% for Black and 97%c@
$1 15 per ctl for Red.
CORN— Chicago was easy and somewhat
lower, there being a disposition to go slow
pending the Government report. Private crop
Information grows worse. Heavy rains are re
ported In Texas.
The situation here remains unchanged, the
high quotations stopping all trade.
¦ Small round Yellow, $175; Eastern Yellow,
$1 62%@1 65; White, $1 70@l 75 per ctl; mixed,
BYE- 72%@77%c per .ctl. The demand for
shipment continues.
BUCKWHEAT— None In first hands.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Feed, 73%c for choice bright. 71%@72%c for
No. 1 and 67%@70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%<gS5c; Chevalier, nominal.
Regular Morning Session — May— 4000 ctls,
$106%: 4000, U06Va; 2000, $106; 4000, $105%;
2000, $1 05% ;.December— 2000, $1 02. .
Afternoon • Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 01%. i '
BARLEY — A good demand, has sprung up for
the drought districts in the West.- Free ship
ments overland have already been made from
the southern part of the State and dealers say
that if the railroads will make a rate at which
they can ship there will be a very large move
ment for this account from the central and
northern districts. They are now in consulta
tion with the railroad companies. The market
is steady under this possible new demand, but
prices show no advance. The local market for
Feed continues very quiet.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 02%,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctls,
tt 06%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago opened steady and moderately active,
but fell oft at the close. There was a good
cash business.. .France . accepted .. Monday's
offers, j Speculation was broadening. The
Northwest was Belling- and . the . Southwest
buying at St. • Louis. Receipts were . 130,000
bushels, against 250.00G on the same date last
year. New York reported over 500.000 bushels
taken for export, with 40 loads more taken
yesterday. A miller well known In the North
west says that the demand for Wheat is such
that higher prices should result. ¦
This market was steady on the spot, but
easier on call. !
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%@9S%c; milling,
$1@1 02% per ctl.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are not' quoted, owing
to . the strike. The chartered Wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage of 44,210, against
27,600 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 8630 tons, against 8300; on the way to
this port, 246,650 tons, against 188,250. ' '
WHEAT— Paris futures continued to advance.
Bradstreet's estimated an Increase of . 1.250,000
bushels In the worid's visible supply. ! . ¦
Wheat and Other Grains.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY-Heavy rain in
eastern mountains and valleys Sunday. Apri
cot drying about over; yield better than was
expected. Early peaches are ripening rapidly.
EUREKA SUMMARY— Fogs were of tome
benefit to growing crops, but on high lands
vegetation is parched and needs rain badly.
Apples are ripening rapidly; some are on the
market. Reapers arc at work in the «rain
fieWs.
The treather has been generally clear and
hot durinp the week, with light showers In
com 1 ? sections and fogs along the coast. In
some places orange trees are putting out a
fiecend ret of blossoms and the 'small oranges
are tailing; there will be a light crop in the
vicinity of Pomona. Walnuts are reported in
excellent condition in Ventura County, but are
cropping badly in SMne orchards In Orange
County Peaches will yield a fair crop in
E'jme sections. Grapes are in excellent con
dition. Beets and beans are doing well and in
fome pieces will yield excellent crops. There
Is a fair yield of mustard in Santa Barbara
County. The potato crop is about average.
Barley and oats are yielding fair crops, but
\vhe£t is lieht.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
Very warm and scrr.ewhat sultry weather
prevailed during the week, with a light sprinkle
of rain in most sections Wednesday, too light
to do damage. The grain harvest is progress
ing rarid!j", and <n most sections is nearly
or quite completed. Deciduous fruits are ripen
ins' end in most sections the crop is good ana
the quality excellent. Peaches and pears are
being handled In large quantities by the can
.neries. Large shipments of green fruit are be
ing made to Eastern points and of melons to
the Kortlnrcst. Grapes are making good prog
ress and early varieties are being marketed.
Alfalfa iE doing well and In some localities the
fourth crop is being harvested. Stock of all
kinds are in tood condition.-
SAN JOAQUIX VALLEY.
Continued warm weather during the week
has been favorable for crops. Light showers
of rain have fallen in some sections and fogs
have prevailed along the coast. Grain harvest
and thrashing are progressing rapidly. Wheat
and barley are cf excellent quality and in
some rlaces the yield is very heavy. Corn,
heps and beans are doing well and will yield
fair crops, while in other places the yield will
be very light. Fruit shipments have been
eeriously interfered with during the week and
there will probably be a considerable loss to
crchardir-te. Citrus iruits are in good con
dition.
AND BAY SECTIONS
High temperatures have continued during the
week. Light rain has fallen In the foothills;
in some places the precipitation was sufficient
to extinguish the brush and gra^s fires, but
caused no injury to crops. The extremely hot
weather has caused a rapid growth of hops
and they will mature earlier than usual. So
far as reported there has been no injury to
prapes by the heat, probably owing to the
heavy foliage of the vines. Heavy shipment*
of fruit are being made from Sacramento.
Citrus fruits are in excellent condition and
will probably yield heavy crops. Harvesting
Is still in progress anJ will continue for about
two weeks in som; sections. Wheat and bar
ley are yielding large crops and the quality of
the grain ii- excellent. The hay crop Is light
in portions of Butte County.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
Grain harvest is i-tlll in progress, though
rapid'.v drawing to a close in most sections.
Wheat, barley and rye are yielding excellent
crops in all sections except Southern Califor
nia, and fair crops are being gathered in some
jiarts of the south. The fourth crop of alfalfa
is being cut in portions of the San Joaquin
Valley. Hops have made very rapid grrowth
curing the hot weather and will mature con
siderably earlier than usual; there will be a
good crop. Corn, beets and beans have also
advanced rapidly and good crops are predicted.
Irrigation water is getting low in some sec
tions, but is still abundant in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Conditions were very favorable for fruit dry
ing during the week. Deciduous fruits are
generally of good quality, but the yield is
much below average. Orchardists will suffer
a considerable loss through lack of transpor
tation facilities. Grapes are in good condition
in r.early all sections, but it is reported that
the yield will fall below average. Citrus fruits
er.d walr.ute are in good condition in most
Places
Nearlv normal weather conditions have pre
vailed in all parts of, the State during the
vetk. The temperature has continued high in
the interior, and warm weather, with oc
casional fogs, has prevailed along the coast.
L:^t showers have fallen in some sections,
mostly in the foothill districts.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director cf the climate and crop section of the
¦weather bureau, for the week is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — - 4 88%
Sterling Cables — - * 89%
New York Exchange, sight.; — •¦.'. 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — .10
Silver, per ounce — ...' — 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.: 47 @ 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August .... .... 69%
September 70% 70% 69% 70%
December....' 72% 73 72% 72%,
Corn No. 2—
September 57% 57% 56% 66%
October 57% 57% 57%. ,67%;
December. 58% 58% 57%' 57%
Oats No. 2—
September 35 35 34% 34%
May 37% 37% 37 37%.
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 14 12% 14 15 . 13 85 13 97%
January 14 90 14 95 14 90 14 90
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September.... 8 70 8 70 8 60 8 62%
October 8 77% 8 77% 8 67% 8 67%
January .: 8 70 8 70 8 62% . 8 65
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 87% 7 87% 7 80 7 82%
October 7 90 7 92% 7 85 7 87%
January 7 77% 7 77% 7 72% 7 75
LOCAL..MARKETS.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1@3 50; Lemons,
%\ 50@2 50 for common and $304 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes.
$7@7 50; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$1 50@2 50" per dozen. .
MELONS— Nutmegs, 20@50c per box; Can
taloupes. 40@50c per half crate and 50c®$l 25
per large crate; Watermelons, 8@15c apiece.
GRAPES — Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater. 73c
@$1 per box; Tokay, per crate; Muscats.
60c®$l 25; Seedless, $1@1 25; Black. 80c@$l 25.
PEACHES— 25@50c per box and 20@40c per
basket and $20@25 per ton for Frees and $35@40
for Clings. -
NECTARINES— White, 25® 40c per box; Red,
40@75c.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1 per box for No. 1, 23@
75c for No. 2 and $30@35 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3®4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $305 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $6@8 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8c per lb.
FIGS — Black, per box for single and $1 B0
for double layers: White. 50@75c.
PLUMS— 35@65c per box; Prunes, 40@75c per
crate; Green Gages. $17 50020 per ton; Egg
Plums. $20.
APPLES— 75c®$l 25 per box for good to choic*
and 40@60c for ordinary..
APRICOTS— 25@35c per box; in bulk, $15@2S
per ton.
CRABAPPLES— 40c@$l per box. according to
package.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Peaches In bulk for canning account are very
firm, and clings bring $40 . without difficulty.
Bartlett Pears are easy at the moment, but
cannot be called weak. They are not In large
supply anywhere this year, and the usual mid
summer glut in this market has not yet ap
peared. Plums and Prunes continue firm at
the ; good prices, and almost anything will
bring $20 per ton in bulk. Figs continue very
scarce. Apricots are going out.
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs continue In liberal
supply and weak at the decline already noted.
There is a very fair demand for Watermelons,
supplies of which are not excessive.
Grapes show little change. Arrivals ar» not
large. • , •
Crabapples are in ¦ very fair demand and
steady.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes continue firm
and in light supply 'at the good prices.
White Nectarines are hard to sell.
Apples are firmer again.
'Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Grain Bags off another fraction.
Canned Fruits still in demand for the East.
No further change in Oils.
Silver and Exchange about as before. j
IV heat easier on call. Freights nominal.
Good demand for Oats and Barley for the West.
Corn too high to sell well. Rye steadily held.
Hay unchanged. Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans rising under a continued demand.
Potatoes and Onions active ajid firm.
Vegetables in liberal supply and weak.
Poultry and Game quiet and featureless. ,
Butter steady. Cheese firm. Eggs steady at the advance, ,
Canning Fruit reported firm and in demand. . .:
Melons plentiful and weak. Citrus Fruits very firm. -
Dried Fruits and Nuts active and fain. Raisins steadier.-
Provisions in fair demand and firm.
Wool firm and- well cleaned up. New' Hops nominal.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Adams Con 25 Little Chjef 13
Alice 45 Ontario 8 62%
Breece , 1 40 Ophir 60
Brunswick Con 11 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosl 03
Con Cal & Va 1 75 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra — 50 Sierra Nevada- 10
Horn Silver 1 7f. Small Hopes -SO
Iron Silver 55 Standard 3 40
Leadvllle Con 05 . .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Bonds-
Call loans 3^4% Atchison 4s ...1<)2
Time loans 4@5 N E Gas&Coke 5s. 54
Stocks— '. Mining Shares—
A T & S F 70% Adventure 24^
A T & S F prefd.. 93% Bingham Min Co.. 20%
American Sugar 131% Amalg Copper 110
Boston & Albany. .236 Atlantic :.. 36 .
Boston & Maine.. .193 Calumet & Hecla...733-
Domlnlon Coal .... 38 Centennial 27
Dom Coal prefd.. ..116 Franklin 17
Federal Steel 40 Humboldt 25
Fed Steel prefd 89% Osceola 9<?
Gen Electric 250 Parrot 50
Ed Elec 111 253 Qulncy 170
N E Gas & Coke.. 5^ Santa Fe Copper... 6
Old Colony 208 Tamarack .343
Old Dominion 29%!Utah Mining 28%
Union Pacific #94% Winona 2%-
West End 95 {Wolverines 62%
STOCKS
MINING
U S ref 2s reg......l07%jN. Y. Central lsts..lO4%
U S ref 2s coup.... 107% ! N J Cent gen 5s. ..129
U S 3s reg 108%iN Pacific 3s 72
US 2s coup ,..108%'N Pacific 4s 104
U S new 4s reg... 137 N Y C & S L 4s.. .107%
U S new 4s coup.. 137 N & W con 4s 102
U S old 4s reg 113 Or Nav lsts ..107%
U S old 4s coup.. ..113 Or Nav 4s.... 101%
U S 5s reg 107% Or Short Line 6s.. .129
U S Es coup 107% Or S Line con 5s.. 117%
Dlst of Col 3.65s.. ..124 j Reading Gen 4s. 1 ... 95
Atchlson gen 4s....lO3V«R G W lsts 100%
Atchlson adj 4s 96 iS L & I M con 5s. 116
Canada So 2ds 110 is L & S F gen 6s.l28
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO6% St Paul cons.: 173
Ches & Ohio 5s.. ..120 S P C & P lsts 113%
C & NW con 7s.. .142% S P C & P 5s .115%
C & NWSFdeb 5s.l22 So Pacific 4s 90%
Chgo Terminal 4s. 94 So Railway 5s 115H
Colo Southern 4s... 87 Stand R & T 6s... 57%
D & R G 4s 101% Tex & Pac lsts 118%
Erie General 4s.... 85% Tex & Pac 2ds....lO3-
E W & D C lsts.. 104 Union Pacific 4s. ...103%
Gen Electric 5s....20O Wabash lsts US
Iowa Central lsts.. 115% Wabash 2ds ;...110%
L & N Unl 4s 100V- West Shore 4s 112V-
M K & T 2ds SOVi Wis Cent lsts 87%
M K & T 4s 97% Va Centuries 94y 4
Mexican Central ...'..... 300 22»4 22 22%
Mexican National 500 '' 9% • . 8% • 9
Minneapolis & St Louis 300 106%' 106 106
Missouri Pacific B.700 96 94%' 95»4
M K & T 1,000 25% 25' 23%
M-K..& T-pfd 1,100 62V4 51 52
New Jersey Central..:. 100 158 158 158
New York. Central...... 4,200 150J6 149^ 150V4
Norfolk & Western 3,500 51 50 50%
Norfolk & Western pfd 88
Ontario & Western 3,600 32 31% 31Vi
Pennsylvania.. 8,800 143^ 141% 142%
P C C & St Louis ..„ .... 73
Reading ....;. io,500 40^4 39 39%
Reading 1st pfd 1.300 76*4 76V4 76
Reading 2dpfd. :;...:... 5.500 51% 49% 50%
St L & S F ,1,200 38% 37%' 37%
St L & S F lsfpfd 76
St L & S F 2d pfd 1,100 67 6« V 66tf
St Louis Southwestern. 200 26% '26& 27 ¦
St.L& Southwest pfd 2,600 60 '68 . 59'i
St Paul .. ;.; 17,600 157% 155',i 155%
Southern Pacific 25,700 53\i 51% 52>4
Southern Railway 14.200 28% 2S 28
Southern Railway pfd.. 600 83ii 83 83
Texas & Pacific 2,300 38% 33 - 37&
Toledo St Louis & West 20 i
Toledo St L & West pfd .... 32%
Union Pacific 49,000 95% 93% • 94%
Union Pacific prefd 800 88^4 87% 87Vi
Wabash 1,600 21% 20, 20Vi
Wabash prefd. .;; 7,100 38% 37 37%'
Wheeling & Lake Erie .... 17!4
W & Lake Erie prefd.. 200 29 28% 29
Wisconsin Central 1,000 20 19% 19 !
Express companies-
Adams ; 170 ¦
American , 190
United States .".. .... .... 85
Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous — '
Amalgamated Copper... 6,300 111% 110% 110% :
Am Car.& Foundry...;. 1,500 28Vi 28 28
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 300 83. 83 82
Am Linseed Oil I 22
Am Linseed Oil pfd.... 100 62% 62% 63%
Am Smelt & Refln 1,100 51% 5U4 51%
Am Smelt & Refln pfd .... 100
Am Tobacco 600 130% 130 130*4
Anaconda Mln'Co 600 43% 43 43
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. 5,000 74V» 72% 73
Colo Fuel & Iron:...... 300 93 92% 91%'
Consolidated Gas 1,900 219 217 218% i
Continental Tobacco.... 300 65V4 65% 65%
Continental Tobacco pfd 115
General Electric 1,000 251 247% 248
Glucose Sugar ' ¦ 54%
Hocking Coal .... 18
International Paper .... 400 20% 20% 20%
International Paper pfd 100 75 75 75
International Power 700 91 90 90
Laclede Gas .'. ¦ .... 85
National Biscuit 700 42V4 41% 41%
National Lead 700 19% 19% 19%
National Salt 40,
National Salt pfd 75%
North American J . . • 300 98 93 97
Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Mail 100 39 39 38
People's Gas 1,300 113^ 112% 114 I
Pressed Steel Car 300 42% 42% 41% !
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 100 84% 84% 8.?% !
Pullman Palace Car.... 200 205 204% 204
Republic Steel 100 19 19 18%
Republic Steel pfd ....¦ -73
Sugar? 29,800 133% 129% 131%
Term Coal & Iron.' 900 60 58 58%
Union Bag & Paper Co. 100 14% 14% 14
Union Bag & P Co pfd 70%
United States Leather.. 1,600 13% 12% 12%
United States Leath pfd 1,100 79% 79 79%
United States Rubber ¦ 17%
United States Rub pfd.. 100 55 55 55
United States Steel 5.770 40%. 39% 39%
United States Steel pfd. 2,970 89% \ S9% j 89%
Western Union 1,400 90% '90% 90%
422,000 Shares sold.
? CLOSING BONDS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— While the Liverpool 'mar- |
ket showed -some advances -it was disappoint- <
Ing when compared .with the bulge in wheat
here yesterday. In addition it was- believed
the recent heavy movement to the other side
would show a decrease when the seaports were
heard -from. These . considerations in a re
stricted market had their natural effect at the
beginning of business, September opening
Vb@ ] /4c under yesterday at,70%@70%c- On cov
ering a small line of short wheat the price
was run up to 70?sC^within- five minutes of the
opening. For- some time .thereafter the tone
was weak, sympathy with corn and the heavy
receipts being depressing factors. ¦ Selling was
oh an extremely moderate scale, but prices did
not steady until September was quoted at
69%c. A sharp rally to 70%c followed on re
ports of heavy export ¦ sales, but the absence
of confirmation, of - these reports , resulted In
an equally sharp decline to. 70c and the close
found the market weak, September %@%c ua
der yesterday at IQQ'VAc.
Nervousness caused a rather narrow flutter-
Ing of prices in ¦ the corn market, but while
messages from . the West were of the usual
gloomy tenor the feeling that all drought dam
ages : had been liberally discounted was the
ruling factor in the market. - The volume of
trade was small. September corn . closed lc
under yesterday at 56%c.
With purely local conditions governing sen
timent the oats market ruled dull and nar
row. September closed %c lower at 34%c.
Provisions . for September delivery ruled dull
and easy in sympathy with lower hog prices
and also with corn. Pork closed 20c lower,
lard 12%c down and ribs 10@12c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
The Butter market maintains the advance
with which the week opened, but the movement
is not brisk and there is sufficient here to meet
all current requirements.
Cheese continues firm with moderate sup
plies. .
Eggs are slower since prices were so sharply
marked up, but dealers report sales at full
figures. Stocks are lighter than they have been.
Receipts were 31.000 pounds I of Butter, 743
cases of Eggs. 3000 pounds of California Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 21@22c per lb for fancy
and 19@20c for seconds; dairy,. 15@19c; store
Butter. 12%@15c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 10@llc: old, nominal;
Toung Americas. ll@ll%c per lb; Eastern. 13®
15c.
EGGS— Ranch. 19@23#c for goqd- to fancy;
Btore, 14@18c per dozen; Eastern, 15@18c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Chicago Grain Market.
values held pretty firm all day, with the close
firm at $27 30@2S for spot. Futures ruled dull
and easy. In London the market for tin was
easier under i liquidation, spot being ' £1 12s 2d
oft and futures £1 17s Sd. - Thus spot tin closed
at' , £116 and futures at . £112 2s . 6d. The cop
per market was dull and unchanged at $16 50
©17 for: Lake and $16 62% for castlnsr. At
London values declined 10s, which closed spot
at £ C6 Ss 9d and futures at £66 16s 3d. , Lead
was unchanged at $4 37%. Spelter, dull, clos
ing at $3 90@3 95. Pieiron . warrants. $9 50@10.
Lead in London' closed unchanged at £11 17s
6d for spot. -
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 8. —Clearings, $397,534;
balances, $70,217.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Aug. 6.— WHEAT— Dull; "Walla
Walla, 56@56%c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 6.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady;, blue stem, 57%c; club, 56c.
Foreign Markets.
CLOSING.
, HOPS— At London— Pacific Coast, . dull. £J
10s@£4 Es. ,'./;
LONDON, Aug. 6.— Consols, 93%; silver,
26 15-16d; French rentes, lOlf 32%c; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 30s 3d.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 6.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s@6s %d; wheat in Paris,
firm; flour In Paris, firm; French country
markets, quiet and steady; weather in Eng
land, cloudy. -'"
COTTON— Uplands, 4 13-32d.
mon to good/- 4%(g7c; '. prime " 7@7%c; choice,
7%@8c; fancy,. 8®8%c. , I * ,
California dried fruits dull. ' , ;
PRUNES— 3%@7c: i .. ' „.=,,
APRICOTS— Royal 8V-<5!13c; Moorpark, 8@12c.
¦ PEACHES— Peeled ll@18c ; unpeeled. 1 4@9%c.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1 25®1 50; Hare.
$1 25@1 50; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail
and $1 for Brush. _ ¦'¦— • ,
Goslings, $1 12%®1 37%; Ducks, $2 50®3 for old
and $3@4 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; young
Roosters, $5@6; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers,
$4@4 50; Broilers. $3@3 50 for large and $2@2 50
for small: Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dfezen for old
and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $18@19; extra sizes, higher; R»d
wood. $18@19; Lath, 4 feet, $3 90® 4: Pickets. $20;
Shingles, $2 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rustic
$23©29c.
. RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%<&Sc
per lb; White Lead, %@8c, according to quan
tity.
SALT— H. R. H. is quoted at $21 per ton in
large sacks and $22 In 50' s. Liverpool Is quoted
at $19 25@20 for the best and $16@1S 50 for lower
grades. Hlgglns", $27 50@30 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $46 50@47 50 per flask for lo
cal use and $40@45 for export.
. SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 100- lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and fine Crushed. 5.40c; Pow
dered. 5.25c; Candy Granulated. 5.25c; Dry
Granulated, 5.15c; Confectioners' A. 5.15c; Fruit
Granulated. 5.15c; Beet Granulated. 5.05c; Mag
nolia A, 4.75c; Extra C, 4.65c; Golden C. 4.55c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxe-s.
50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dnmlnos, half-barrels. 5.65c; boxes, 5.30c per lb.
stricken districts of the "West. Tha California
Fruit Canners quote as follows. In 2%-lb tins:
Apples, $1 15@1 53; Apricots, $101 50; Cherries. !
black. $150@2; do, white. $1 50@3; do. Royal
Anne $1 60@2 15: Peaches, yellow. $1 20@l 6o;
do Lemon Cling. *1 S0@l 75; Bartlett Pears.
SI 25@1 75- Plums. 90c@$l 25; Nectarines. $1@
1 50- Muscat Grapes. 95c@$l 35: Quinces. $1 10®
1 55- Strawberries, $1 30@l 75; Raspberries,
$1 55@2; Blackberries. $1 30@l 60. .
COAL-Welllngton. $9 per ton: Southfleld
¦Wellington. $9: Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50: Coos
Bay $5 50- Wallsend. $9: Co-operative Walls
end ' $9- Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks- Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 U
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to.
"CORDAGE— The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 12^c per lb;
Sisal size. 9%c; Bale Rope, 9c; Duplex. 8V»c.
Terms 60 days, or 1% per cent cash discount.
Lots of 10.000 lbs. lc less. ¦ -; . _
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. oc;
cases, regular. 5%c; cases^ extra large. 5%c;
cases. Eastern style. 6%c; Boneless 6^c; Nor
way"- 6%c: "Narrow Gauge.' 7c: Stiver
King." 7Hc: Blocks. "Seabrlght." 7%c: Tab
lets 8c: Middles. "Golden States." 7%c; Mid
dles'. "White Seal." 8c: 5-lb boxes Fancy Bone
less 9c; 2-lb boxes Fancy Boneless 7Vi«Sc;
Desiccated, per dozen. 75c; PlcM^ Cod. bar
rels, • each, $7 60; Pickled Cod. half-barrels.
ea C0FFKE— Costa Rica— 13%@14c for strictly
prime to fancy washed: ll%@12^c for , prime
washed; 10%@llc for good washed; «» Jw
rood to prime washed peaberry. 9%@10*aC for
fair to prime peaberry; 9%@Wi for good to
prime; 7%©3%c for fair; 6®7ViC for common to
0r SaWador-12®13%c for strictly prime washed:
9®ll%c for good to prime washed; 8SS%c»or
fair washed: 10%®12c for good to prime washed
peaberry; E*JS%c for good to prime semi
washed; 8®3Uo for superior unwashed. 7%@.%c
for good green unwashed; 8%@ 9c for good to
superior unwashed peaberry; 5%S7kc for com
mon to ordinary. . .
Nicaragua— ll@14c for prime to fancy washed.
8H®10%o for fair to strictly good washed: .V*@
7Kc for good to superior unwashed; 8*4SS*- 4 c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexlcan-lW@14^c for prime
to fancy washed: 10@10%o for »trictly good
¦washed; 9%©9%c for good washed: \™&** tor
fair washed* 7®7%o f° r medium: 5%@7c for In
ferior to ordinary: 10%@12c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 8%@9c for good to prime un
washed peaberry. 7%@8o for good to superior
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 28<S32o per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 26®30c: Sole Leather, light.
25® 28c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@2Sc; Rough.
Leather light. 25@26c: Harness Leather, heavy.
3S239c for No. 1 and 30©33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather medium. 30®37c: Harness Leather,
light. 29®35c; Skirting, 36@40c: Collar Leather.
15® 16c per foot; Kip. unfinished. 40®50c per lb:
Veal finished. 16@17c per foot: Belt Knifa
Splits 14@16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $26@23 per ton; Stick.
$18® 20c per cord. *¦/, . „
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
75c; pure, $1 26; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
94c • raw, 92c; cases 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c: cases, 85c: China
Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels. 67%o; cases, 72%c; Sperm, pure, 63c: Whale
Oil, natural white. 4O@45c per gallon; Fish Oil.
in barrels. 37%c; cases 42%c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bull*.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral, 19c; Star,
19c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 15c: in cases.
21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; In cases. 2flc; 86-de
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE-^58c per gallon in cases and
52c In drums or iron barrels.
Continued on Page Eleven.
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY,, AUGUST T; 1901.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; Creameries. 14%@20c; Dairies,
13®16i4c; Cheese, 994<§10%c; Eggs, firm; fresh.
Foreign Futures.
STATIONS. ?3?3 I* *~ &
:3:3s g,a ;
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
8
on
' -If
¦ »
II
j p.
A*torU 30.C2 €2 52 'W
Pt.Cldy
0
on
' -If
¦ »
II
j p.
A*torU 30.C2 €2 52 'W
Pt.Cldy
0the dead. The festival usually begins with
the sound of chains being dragged over
the chairs and furniture. After about an
hour of this the tumult seems to change,
then resembles that produced when people
break up , housekeeping, accompanied by
the dull thud of falling timbers and crash
ing glass. Then follow in quick succession
until daylight a series of blood-curdling
moans, gramaphone selections and cornet
solos, above which can be heard the omin
ous rush through the air of the winged
spooks. It is all a great strain on Mr. Mc-
Inerney's nervous economy.
That the spooks are trying to break him
up in business Mr. Mclnerney does not
doubt. He has seen himself go to bed
with a great pile of bill-posters alongside
of him, but in the morning they had all
disappeared. For this reason he has been
charged by his employers with destroying
the bills, no results having followed their
outlay Jn -advertising. He -hates to have
his honesty impugned and his slumbers
destroyed, hence the arrest.
PRETTY OAKLAND GIRL. WHO
WAS "WEDDED LAST EVEN
ING TO A TEXAS MERCHANT.
ASSAULTS THE UMPIRE.
Hart Strikes Haskell in the Face
. During Dispute at Baltimore.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Milwaukee 4. 6 4
Detroit ; 8 8.5
Batteries— Sparks and Maloney; Miller and
Buelow.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 6.— The Baltimore and
Boston clubs broke even on a double-header
here to-day. • The first game was , a pitchers*
battle, in . which Dunn's error in the eighth
turned the scale in favor of the visitors. Bos
ton - went to pieces early in the second game
and was shut out— the first shut out admin
istered this season by the local team. At the
close of the second inning: of the first game
Hart became enraged at a decision and struck
Umpire Haskell in the face. McGraw prevented
a further .mix-up and Hart wa3 put out of the
game. Attendance, 4374. Scores:
First same— r. H. E.
Baltimore .....:....... 1 3 2
Boston 3 7 0
Batteries— Howell and BreEnahan; Young and
Criser. ;.,, •» . ; . /-
Second game — R. H. E.
Baltimore ...I/..'.. ....9 11 1
Boston 0 5 0
Batteries— Nops and Bresnahan; "Winters and
Criger.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 6.— Detroit won the last
game of the series -to-day by timely batting.
Attendance, 1000. Score:
Detective Ed Gibson arrested Leong
Gong,- alias Leong Sun. a notorious high
binder, last evening and charged him with
the murder of Gee Chong, who -. was slain
in Baker alley last Thursday night. His
accomplice will be arrested to-day.
Chinese Murderer Arrested.
Auditor Wells requested his attorneys.
Lloyd & Wood, yesterday to furnish him
with an opinion regarding the legality- of
the tax levy for last year. The levy in
cluded a tax for interest and sinking funds
on park, school, sewer and hospital bonds,
which were declared invalid by the Su
preme Court. "Wells is inclined to the be
lief that, the whole levy may be invali
dated, because of the illegal tax for the
bonds. He. thinks that when property is
sold to the State for non-payment of taxes
the owners thereof will have good legal
ground for resisting the sale. He is about
to file his report with the State Controller
and will embody therein the opinion of
his -attorneys. ~ ..
Legality of Tax Levy Questioned.
Fire on Hay Wharf.
Shortly after 11 o'clock last night fire
broke out on the wharf at Third and' Kins
streets in hay that had been baled for
shipment. Before the flames were sub
dued the damage had amounted to about
$800. The fire-boat Governor Irwin was
tied to the wharf and did good service ln>
extinguishing the fire.
Ar contest Is on over the guardianship ot
the limited estate of Catherine Ryan,
now an inmate of Napa Asylum. Mrs.
Ryan was divorced two years ago from
John Ryan, who is now in Australia." '
After her reparation from her hus
band. Mrs. Ryan began to fail mental
ly. A few days ago she was committed
to the asylum. Following Mrs. Ryan's
commitment. Mrs. John Pettee. president
of the Universal Service Society, applied
for letters of guardianship upon her
estate, which consists of about J60 in bank
and an income of $10 a week, from rela
tives in England.
An opposition to Mrs. Pettee's petition
was filed by Miss S. L. Morris. Mis9
Morris asserts that prior to her com
mitment Mrs. Ryan, who felt that she
was failing mentally, asked her to care
for her son and for herself if anything
happened to her. Miss Morris' assertion
is corroborated by Mrs. Ryan's son.
Arthur I* Hartridge, and by a Miss "Whit
ney, a friend of the unfortunate woman.
The case was called for hearing by Judge
Dunne yesterday, but was continued on
the motion of counsel until a week from
Thursday.
Mrs. Jonn Pettee and Hiss S. L. Mor-
ris Seek Control of Insane
Woman' Estate.
INSTITUTE CONTEST FOR /
MRS. RYAN'S GUARDIANSHIP
Henry Haxe. Charles Evans, Charles K.
Field, Georse Gross, Montell Taylor, McClure
Gregory, Duncan McDuffie, Ray Crawford, the
Misses Heine. Miss Mollle Connors. Mrs. J. T.
Crotners, Mrs. Henry Vrooman. Morris Eng
lish. Donald Enelish. Hancock English, War
ren English. Mrs. ¦ J. Maxwell, Mrs. George
Conant, Ellis de Golia. Belle Nicholson, Carrie
Nicholson, Ruth Dunham, Crissle Taft, Mr.
and Mr«. P. Evarts, Amy Scoville. Rosie
Nalle, Violet Albright. Jane Creliin. Gertrude
Allen, Florence Hayden. Miss Bessie Palmer.
Alma Brown, Ada Brown, Alice Knowles,
Ruth Knowles, Ada Kenna, Edith Gaskill, Dr.
Pond, Emma Gross, Nellie Gross, Phoebe
Painter, Pauline Lohse, Anita Lohse. Kate
Chabot, Noelle de Golia, Cornelia Stratton.
Clarise Lohse, Wiggrington Creed. Cleveland
Baker, Philip Wadsworth, Louise Reed, Mrs.
Carr, Mr. and Mr«. Isaac Requa, Colonel and
Mrs. John P. Irish.- Mr. and 1 Mrs. T. W.
Baker, Judge Carrjenter, Mr. and Mrs. James
Mofflt. Mr. and Mrs. Horace Watson, Dr. and
Mrs. George. Rodolph.
and Mrs. A. T. Fletcher, Mrs. C. D. Fletcher,
Miss Margaret Davidson, Mr. and Mrs. William
Fletcher, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Parker, Mr.
and Mrs. George Kenney. Mr. and Mrs. Rob
ert Knight. Fletcher Forney. Judge and Mrs.
T. B. McFarland. Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Valen
tine, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Clement. Senator
and Mrs. William Stewart, Mrs. J. W. Haines,
Miss Haines. Mr. and Mrs. Cleveland Forbes,
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Lohse, Mr. - and Mrs. Fred
Stolp.. Dr. and Mrs. A. S. Larkey, Dr.- and
Mrs. Ritchie, Mr. and Mrs. Frank McLaugh
lin, Mrs. Allender, "William Rabe. Miss Annie
Root. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fletcher, Mrs. W.
W. Stow, Nellie Stow, Judge Daingerfleld, Mrs.
Daingerfleld. Mrs. J. O. Earl.- Mr. and Mrs.
A Roman. Mr. and Mrs. J. "Warren Dutton.
Martha Fletcher., Tlrrell Fletcher. Mr. and
Mrs. F. B. Wilde. Mrs. Wilde. Maxwell Taf t.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Reginald Belnap,- Edith
Selby. Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Taft, Russell
Lukens. David Painter. Duncan Albright. Mil
ton Schwartz. ¦
Charles Molter, who was restored to
capacity on the 5th Inst., filed suit yes
terday- charging, his wife. Lena Molter,
with having entered into a conspiracy
with one Harry Blews to defraud the
plaintiff out of his property. Molter
alleges that when he married In Is. 9 he
had $600 and rhewas possessed of $350.
Through thrift and industry, he say3, he
accumulated sufficient money to purchase
the properties' at 1110 Mission street and
607 Jessie street.
On August 10. 1S99. Molter continues, hia
wife caused him to be adjudged insane
and secured his commitment to the Napa
Asyluir. for the purpose of defrauding
him of his property. Moiter claims that
after his- commitment his wife disposed
of a portion of his property and invested
the proceeds in a cigar store at 140 First
street.
After possessing herself of the cigar
store. Molter says his wife entered into a
conspiracy with Blewa to dispose of the
rest of his estate. Molter asks that the
court restrain his wife and Blew:* and
adjudge that Mrs. Molter holds the prop
erty in question in trust for his use. and
benefit and that she be ordered to forth
with deliver up the possession of the
same, together with any moneys that may
have accrued from the same since his
commitment. ,
"With Harry Blews to De
fraud Him.
Claims She Entered Into Compact
MOI/TER CHARGES HIS
WIFE WITH CONSPIRACY
High school certificates— Ray P. Saftold, Miss
May E A. Gray, Miss Elizabeth Skinner. G. H.
Stokes, Miss Rachel Hanson, Miss Kathryn II.
Daly and John A. Longley.
Grammar school certificates— Miss Helen Gor
don Barker. Mis3 J. Mergenthaler. Miss Bertha
Roberts, Miss Eva Levy, Miss Margaret Far
rell. Mrs. Julia C. Schneider.
RENEWALS.
Grammar school certificates— Misses Lllliaa
Skahaen. A. L. Dunne. Lizzie McDonald, Kath
ertne Galnes and Olive E. Theller.
Primary certificates— Mrs. Annie H. Smith.
Special typewriting certificate— Miss D. War-
Permanent grammar school certificates — Misa
Annie Hirstel, Miss Cora R. Herrick. Mrs. A.
C Springer Mrs. M. A. Doughty, Miss A. E.
Sutherland, Miss M. F. Nelson. Miss J. C.
Coffey, Miss Mattie A. Cole, Mrs. M. C. Will
iams. Miss Mary E. Callahan and Mls3 Isabel
High school diplomas— Mrs. Florence- Fraic
Kahn Frank A. Gardner, L. A. Jordan and
Miss Augusta G. Kelly. -il: •' „
Grammar school life diplomas— Misses Rose
C Stolz, Viola Bruce. Louise C. Neppert, Mar
tha H Ritchie. Julia M. Neppert. Mrs. Jessie
M Plevin (nee Paterson), Misses Anna. M.
Grozeller. Margaret A. Burnett, Carrie Haaa
and J. R. Ambrose.
' At a regular meeting of the City and
County Board of Examination yesterday
the following recommendations for certifi
cates were made to the Board of Educa
tion: ;,:.:r ,.-:¦•._..
City Board of Examination Makes
. Recommendations to Board
of Education.
CERTIFICATES GRANTED ,+i^
TO MANY TEACHERS
F. Beck was formerly the dairyman at the
State Hospital for the Insane and resided with
his wife on North Ophir street. In July ha
went to San Francisco, intending later to take
a trip East. A few days ago he sent his wife
a small money order and she went down to
Join him. She Is probably In Alameda, where
she has relatives. Beck was an industrious
man and his friends here believe he must
have met with foul play. He had some money.
There was also found on the body a
picture of the deceased dressed as a sol
dier. -
East Sunday Lorenz found a half
emptied box of rough on rats about 200
feet from where the body was discov
ered, also a half-filled bottle of whisky
containing a portion of the deadly poi
son. From his statement the Coroner
came to the conclusion that Beck, who,
it was said, lived in Stockton, had com
mitted suicide.
The following dispatch from Stockton
gives facts as to Beck's character that
do not coincide with the suicide theory:
The body was that of a person about 40
years of age. It "was clothed In a blue
serge suit and a black soft hat. On each
cuff was the name "F. Beck." In one of
the pockets was found a money order re
ceipt showing that the man had drawn
$7 from the Stockton Postofflce on July
19 last.
George Lorenz, "who is employed at the
Sutro Baths, last evening found the body
of a middle-aged man near Sutro Heights.
He at once notified the Coroner.
Friends Think He Was Mur
dered, Though Suicide
Is Probable.
F. Beck, a Stockton Man,
Meets Death in a
Lonely Spot.
ROUGH ON RATS
FOUND NEAR BY
Nuptials of Miss Elizabeth, Daughter of
Stephen T. Gage, and William J H. Rich
ardson Form a Brilliant Social Function
OAKLAND BELLE WEDS
AN AUSTIN MERCHANT
9
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1901.
c
WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— The President
has commuted to life' imprisonment the
sentence of : death: pronounced ¦ by court
martial upon James \V. ¦ Allen, private,
Company F,.i Twenty-fourth Infantry.
Allen was convicted of criminal ; assault
at Humimran.. Luzon.
President Saves a Life.
SALINAS. ! Aug. 6.— In the Superior
Court this morning a certificate of proof
and. a decree admitting the will of , the
late Hugh Tevis was made and letters
testamentary were issued to H. L. Tevis
and M.'- F. Michael. An order - was •; also
made appointing Frank G. Drum, Thomas
Turner and Frank K. Stingman apprais
ers of the estate. , •
Hugh Tevis' Will in Court.
The second trial of ; . "Sir" Harry West
wood Cooper, alias Ernest Moore Chad
wlck, on the charge of forgery for send
ing a forged telegram to Miss Norine
Schneider, was to have commenced be
fore Judge Cook yesterday morning, but a
continuance was granted till Monday on
account of the illness of Mrs. Schneider.
The Judge made an order that the case
against the defendant on the charge of
perjury be transferred to another depart
ment. ;. - • .; ; ./ ,
Cooper Trial Postponed.
Articles "of incorporation of the Automo
bile Club of California! "organized fonthe
purpose of ' fostering | the use of . automo
biles throughout * the .; State,'* ; were " filed
yesterday. .The directors are: F. A.
Hyde, Henry P. Diamond. Charles C.
Moore,' A. M. Hunt, Wynn Meredith, ' R.
R.l'Hommedieu arid M.D.Hyde. \
Automobile' Club Incorporates.
Arthur B. Sanchez, who is- credited with
being the "Peeping Tom" in the Mission,
was held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Mogan yesterday on the
charge of attempt ; to commit burglary.
The bonds were fixed in $500. Sanchez Js
accused of having attempted to enter the
house of Policeman M.' J. Griffin at 2625
Howard street July 20 last. He was ob
served by Mrs.: Griffin and chased and
captured by. her husband.
"Peeping Tom" Is Held.
LONDON, Aug. 7.— Danny ' Maher, ithe
American jockey, will probably never re-;
enter the race course. Owing to a serious
hemorrhage of the lungs his . physicians
have cautioned him that a further attempt
to ride would be fatal. It is ; understood
that he will cancel all engagements and
return to tho United: States.
Maher's Racing Days Are Over.
American Jockeys on the "Winners.,
LONDON,"' Aug. 6.—Treadmill (Lester
Reiff) won the Brighton Plate at .the
Brighton August meeting to-day.; United
States (J. H.' Martin) was" second land
Chlorion ¦ (Clem Jenkins) third. : »
The Banbury maid gelding (Willie Wal
do, the American jockey) won. the Has
socksPlate: Breloque ' (J. Reiff). second,
and Lily. Palmer (C. Jenkins), third. ¦
W. C. Whitney's Ondulee (J. Reiff) won
the Alfristone Plate.
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 5 1
Chicago ' 6 0 l
Batteries— Stimmell and Bergen; .Waddell and
Kahos. Umpire— Nash. / .: /
•v«V; R. H. E.
Boston : 5 10' o
Philadelphia 3 6 0
Batteries— Dlneen and Kittredge; Donohue
and Douglass. Umpire— Emslie.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 6.-Waddell was at his
best to-day and struck out eleven of the locals.
He was never in danger, for Stimmell- did not
puzzle the. Chicago team when they got men
on bases. Attendance, 1000. Score:
PITTSBURG. Aug. 6.— Pittsbur* had Harper
scared and had ,the game not been called
at the end of the seventh inning the home
team gave promise of equaling St. Louis'
score of yesterday. Attendance, 2500. Score:
R. H. e.
Plttsburg 8 10- 1
St. Louis 1 -. 7 -%\JZ
Batteries— Tannehill and Teager; Harper and
Ryan. ..Umpires— O' Day and Brown.
BOSTON, Aug. 6.— Perfect, playing of the hit
and run game enabled Boston to defeat Phila
delphia. Attendance, 2000/ Score:
crowded to its capacity. Orchestra,
chorus and principals were in exception
a'ly good trim, and the performance went
v«ith much spirit. Each favorite number
was greeted with continued applause—
the mad scene, beautifully sung by Re
petto, with a fit and musiclanly flute ec
cempaniment by Mr. Newbauer; "Infe-
Hcfc/' very well given by Nicolini; the fa
mous eextet, given with excellent spirit
and ensemble by Repetto. Russo, Ferrari,
Nicolini, Facci and Sannie Kruger, and
all the rest of them.
Lucia is one of Repetto's best parts vo
cally. She hardly attempts to, act the
role. But .she sang charmingly last
n'jrht and was heartily applauded for
her efforts. Russo both acted and sang
the part of Edgardo splendidly. It is a
role in which he finds one of his happiest
opportunities, a role ho approaches with
a respect not always apparent. in his at
titude toward his composer's creations,
and to which he gives his best effort. He
shook a real dramatic thrill out of the
wedding scene, and roused the other play
ers to the satisfactory pitch of enthu
siasm that accounted for one of the. best
renderings of the sextet that has been
heard here for a long, long time.
Ferrari, as Henry Ashton, is not the best
Terrari we know, but is useful enough in
the part. Nicolini fills all requirements
as Raimondo, and Plo Faccl sings well
enough, with a truly naive self-satisfac
tion, the part of Sir Arthur Bucklaw. .
Opera.
Last night the Tlvoli "people gave an ex
cellent rendering of "Lucia," to a house
Other Numbers of the Popular
Large Audience Enjoys the Solos and
TIVOLI SINGERS RENDER
"LUCIA" IN CLEVER MANNER
2*30 trot, purse $1200— Captain Bracken won
first, second and fifth heats. Time, 2:14Vi, 2:14%,
2:17»i. •
Captor won the third and fourth heats in
2:14Vi 2:16%. Lester, Marique, Henrietta and
Nut bearer also started.
2:10 class trot, purse $1200 (unfinished)—On
ward Silver won the -first heat in 2:11%. Cor
nelia Belle. Sister Alice, Temple Wilkes, Alan,
Valpa, Phrase and Dolly Dillon also started.
2:14 class, trotting, purse $2000— Whitewood
,won third fourth and fifth- heats in 2:13Vi.
2:12%, 2:13%. Grace Onward won, first and sec
ond heats in 2:12%, 2:12. Lady Thlsbe, Senator
K. and Ta'.m Leaf aleo started.
BUFFALO, Aug. 5.— On a track pronounced
by visitlnff horsemen to be one of the best
and fastest they have found this year, the
Buffalo Driving Club Grand. Circuit meeting,
which opened to-day, was full of interesting
events. The attendance was 5000. Results:
an Interesting Programme.
Grand Circuit Meeting Opens With
FAST TRACK AT BUFFALO.
DENVER. Aug. 6.— A special to the
Xews from Santa. Fe, N. M. t says: Farm
crops on. both the east and west slopes
of the Glorieta range have been destroyed
by the flood. Fences were washed away
and along Torreon Creek the corn and
oai fields are strewn with driftwood piled
five feet high. Between Glorieta and
Lamy the public highway is practically
obliterated. Just above Canoncito the
Galisteo's swift current was eighty feet
wide and twenty feet deep. At numerous
points the railroad track is undermined
for hundreds of feet. The heavy piling
and timber guards that have protected
the roads for. years in the canyon half a
mile east of Canoncito are destroyed.
In some places the rails and ties for 150
feet are suspended in midair twenty feet
above what is now tj^ creek bed. The
two sixty-foot spans of the steel bridge
at Canoncito were carried down stream
sixty feet and now lie bottom-side up
half buried in sand. The famous well at
Canoncito was entirely filled with gravel
and wash. From all indiciat'ions it will
require at least five days to repair tho
roadbed between the top of the mountain
and Lamy. ¦';••¦;: ~y - ; •/•;¦,*•. v^*;
Fences Washed Away
and Crops Are Buried
Under Driftwood.
FLOOD DESTROYS
FIELDS OF GRAIN
The bride was exquisitely gowned in a
princess robe of ivory white satin, made
with a very long train and elaborately
trimmed with Brussels lace and tulle. A
panel of lace, caught with tulle and
orange blossoms, adorned the left side of
the skirt, while a drapery of tulle, held
in place with orange blossoms, outlined
the edge of the train. The bodice was
made with lace yoke j and sleeves and
draped with tulle and orange blossoms.
Real orange blossoms held the long tulle
veil in place. The only ornament worn
by the bride was a splendid fleur de Us
of diamonds, the groom's gift, which
sparkled in her hair. The shower bouquet
carried by the bride was of lilies of the
valley, orange blossoms and tulle.
Miss Rose Nallo of ; Austin, >Tex., a
cousin of the groom, was the mal-I of
honor and wore a dainty gown of crepe
de chine, made over pink silk, with in
sertion of lace. She carried maidenhair
fern tied with white tulle and wore a
spray of fern in her hair.
The six bridesmaids were all gowned
alike in green crepe de chine over green
silk with a single pink rose in the cor
sage and hair. They carried shower bou
auets-of pink sweet peas. The brides
maids were Miss Mabel Gage, Miss Ethel
Gage, Miss Crissie Taft, Miss Amy Sco
ville of New York, Miss Ruth Dunham and
Miss Belle Nicholson. George Gage, a
brother of the bride, attended the groom.
The ushers were George E. Gross of this
city and Cornell Roman of San Francisco.
The bride was given away by her father.
An orchestra of stringed instruments
was concealed behind a portiere of vines
and played i appropriate during
the ceremony. . r ' ¦¦'.
After congratulations the assembled
guests repaired to the marquee that had
been erected on the lawn, and where the
wedding supper was served. In the can
vas inclosure garlands of green, palms and
hanging baskets were artistically ar r
ranged, while rose-colored lanterns and
softly shaded incandescent globes illumin
ated the scene. The brlde"s • table was
built around a large : pepper tree whose
drooping branches • formed .. one end. r of
the unique supper room. At this table
with the bridal party were seated/Miss
Pauline and Miss Anita Lohse, : Miss, Kate
Chabot, Miss Carrie Nicholson, Miss Alma
Brown and Russell Lukens, Charles* K.
Field. Fhillip Wadsworth, Cleve ! Baker,
Montell Taylor, McClure Gregory, Duncan
McDuffie and Ray Crawford: v
Smaller, tables accommodated the other
guests. ,"• ..' . .'..'>:' .: ' ; ¦
Mr. Richardson is a prominent young
merchant of Austin, Tex.,' and it was
while the lady who is now his wife was on
a visit to her school friend, Miss ¦ Nalle,
that the ' young people met. ¦ In ¦¦¦¦. a ; few
weeks the engagement was entered into
which culminated in the wedding of. this
evening. The young couple will return to
Oakland after a short honeymoon trip, to
remain until after the wedding of :Miss
Ethel Gage, when, they will go to Austin,
which will be their home in the future. "
I Mrs. Richardson will be greatly, missed,
as she 'has' scores of warm friends by
whom'shetis much, admired.' Among the
invitsd guests were: ¦ •
Mr. ' and Mrs. 9 Al '', A. ; Moore, ; Mr. • and Mrs.
A. Hlrschman, Mr. and Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins; Dr. ' and Mrs. ' David Starr Jordan. . : Mr.
and Mrs. 'A. J. : Treat, • Dr. and Mrs. Horatio
Stebblns; Mr."', and Mrs. C: C. Juster. Mr. and
Mrs. Stephen Field, Mrs. William Ashburner,
Dr. . and Mrs.' 'Musser.' Mr. and Mrs. Edward
.Lukens, Frank Parcells, - Miss Annie Sessions,
Edward ¦ Sessions, Mr. and Mrs.' Mariotte. Mr.
and Mrs. 'John Glascock, Mrs. A. - "Wilder. - Mr.
and Mre. 'John' W. Mackay, Mr. - and Mrs.
John- Stevens,' C. '• ¦ C. - Seeley, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Perkins, "'¦* Miss". Mabel Perkins; "-' John
Rosenfeld. i Mr. •' ' and ' Mrs. "- Henry Rosenfeld.
Mr. ¦ and < Mrs. ' "A. ' A. Long.- Mr. and Mrs. - J.
C Hampton.* Mr. and Mrs. James '.Tyson. Mr.
and " Mrs " Churchill - Taylor, "" Mr. . and Mrs.
Charles Parcells Jr., Mr/ 1 and Mrs. ;TVlckham
Havens, . Mr. v and Mrs.". Edward ¦ Engs, • Mr. and
Mrs G. Hanna; Mr. and Mrs.- George de Golla.
i- Mr.' and Mrs. .Warren English, Mr.' and Mrs.
Victor Metcalf.' Dr. and 'Mrs. Meiprs. Captain
and ; Mrs. N. F.'< Smith, - Mr. - and - Mrs. J." -. A.
FlUmore, ¦• Mr. ,i and Mrs.' s.W. ¦-. H.' -'Mills. ', Mr.' ana
TUra.^ 'i'j C s »™» ' Mr ' and " Mrs.' °""' ' J«_ Me.
0AKLAND, Aug. 6.— A brilliant so
cial event was the wedding thi3
evening of Miss Elizabeth Stan
ford Gage of this city and Wil
liam H. Richardson Jr. of Austin,
Tex." The bride is the youngest daughter
of Stephen. T. Gage and one of . the most
popular members of the exclusive set.
.The invitation list was a long one and
scores of society people returned during
the last' few days from the summer re
sorts to be present at the wedding. ¦
Preparations for the event had been
made on an elaborate scale at the Gage
home on Harrison street, where the cere
mony and reception took place, and the
result was striking and artistic. Green
and white prevailed, an occasional sug
gestion .of color being given with pink
roses and sweet peas. In the embowered
bay-window in the drawing-room a large
white wedding bell hung, beneath which
the young couple knelt during the mar
riage service. The Rev. Robert Ritchie,
rector of St. Paul's Episcopal Church,
officiated. " ' '
While these demonstrations are going
on, which is mostly all night, of course,
there is more or less noise, and to expect
Mr. Mclnerney to sleep is asking too
much. Sometimes there is. .such . a . large
quantity of noise that Mr. Mclnerney says
he would not be surprised if it awakened
Mrs. Rcgers holds seances nightly in her
apartments, attended often by the entire
colored population. She gives everybody
a chance to speak face to face with
friends in the spirit form; gives names,
facts, figures and luck; honest predictions
in love affairs, shows picture of future
husband or wife, reunites the separated,
holds the great Egyptian secret, and suc
ceeds where all others fair.
Rogers, obese and a decided brunette.
Every time she performs an evolution,
Mclnerney says, he thinks an earthquake
Is approaching on horseback. The Mcln
erneys and the Rogerses never did get
along well together and Police Court an
nals reveal that they have each other ar
rested regularly once a week.
First race, five furlongs— Emathiom won,
Landeeer second, Pompeii third. Time, 1:012-5.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling— Light
Ball won, Banish second, Sldbow third. Time,
1:23 3-5.
Third race, one mile and a. sixteenth — Can
more won. Brutal second, Kunja third. Time,
Fourth race, one mile— Six Shooter won, Ar
gregor second. Henry Bert third. Time, 1:40 3-5.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Julia
Junkin won, I Mabel Winn second, - The Four
Hundred third. Time. 1:08. . .
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Gawalne won, Brief second, Illilluqun third.
Time. 1 :45 3-5. ¦ . _
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— Harlem results:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Golden East
pr won. Delsarte second, Diaz third. Time,
1:13%.
Second race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing— Barrica won. Two Annies second, Innu
endo third. Time, 1:45. •
Third race, four and a half I furlongs— Anna
Elliott won, Mada Belle second, Attelle third.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs. selling-
Sweet Dream won, Miss Golightly second,
Elsie Barnes • third. Time. 1:22.
Fifth race, five and k half furlongs, selling—
Wissendine won. Lady Brockway second,
Crozler third. Time. 1:10. . -*
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing— Zonne won,' Eugenia S second, John Mor
ton third. Time, 1:44. . . ,
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 6.— Delmar results:
Second race, six and a half furlongs — Dever
raux won, Synla second. Ned Dennis third.
Time, 1:22.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Shell
Mound won, Huachuca second, Water Scratch
third. Time, 1:08.
Fourth race, one mile — Donator won, Domsie
second. Ping third. Time, 1:43%.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Duckoy
won, Esplrando second, St. Anthony third.
Time. 1:09.
Sixth race, mile and three-sixteenths, hurdles
Old Fox won Rainier second, Delgado third.
Time, 2:12»£.
First race, five and a half furlongs — Stranger
won. Five Nations second, Peninsula third.
Time, 1:07 2-5.
Second race, selling, six furlongs— Sarner
won. Wayward Boy Becond, Ringleader third.
Time. 1:14. •
Third race, Alabama stakes, for three-year
old'fillies, mile. and a elxteenth— Morning Side
won, Reina second. Sweet Lavender third..
Time, 1:47 4-5.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs— Mary
Worth won. Octoroon Becond, Caughnawaga
third. Time, l:0S 2-5.
Fifth race, handicaD, for all ages, mile and
a sixteenth— Cambrian won. Carbuncle second,
Terminus third. Time, 1:48.
BUTTE, Mont... Aug. 6.— Results: ' ..^ -„
First race, six furlongs— William Boyer won,
M. J. Schefly second, Maggie K third. Time.
1:17. • ¦
SARATOGA, N. Y., Augr. 6.— Results:
Second race, six furlones— The Boer won,"
Ruth Parker second, Remark third. Time,
1:15^. ' • "
Third race, one mile, selllne— Stamp won,
Ben O'Fallon second, San Andreas third. Time,
1:42H- " .
Fourth race, six furlones, Belling;— Meggs
won, Ed Roth second, Himtine third. Time,
1:15H-
Fifth race, mile find a sixteenth, selling—
Enghurst won, Charlie Shane second. Dr. Fan
nie third. Time, 1:48%.
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs— Ben
Milam won, Louis Wagner second, Judge Du :
relle third. Time. :55Vz.
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling-
Sly Maid won. Ernest Perham second, Legal
Maxim third. Time, 1:07.
DETROIT, Auk. 6.— Windsor results:
Stakes at Saratoga.
Morning Side "Wins the Alabama
RESULTS ON EASTERN TRACKS.
MRS. DELLA ROGERS. A COLORED MEDIUM, HAS BEEN ARRESTED FOR DISTURBING THE SLUMBERS OF
ANGUS McINERNEY. WHO SAYS HIS REPUTATION HAS SUFFERED THROUGH THE OPERATIONS OF
SPOOKS REGULARLY EMPLOYED BY THE ACCUSED.
It" is expected that the gunboat Machals
will start in a few days, . and it would
not be surprising should Rear Admiral
Casey be directed to send one of the ships
of his command to Panama. Thus the
United States will have on both sides of
the isthmus warships which will be able
to protect not only the terminus of the
railroad, but to land men for the purpose
of traveling on trains and of preventing
an interruption of traffic. ,
Officials of Colombia in this city are
rather glad the incident has occurred.
The moral effect of the intervention by
the United States in isthmian affairs will
be great. ¦¦'¦r-.S'-'V-;-. - .
"Liberals detained for one hour a pas
senger train at Matachin this morning.
Captured some Government officials. No
looting, no damage."
The treaty in force between the United
States and Colombia imposes upon this
Government the duty of efficaciously and
positively preserving perfect neutrality of
the isthmus, "with the view that free
transit from one to the other sea may not
be interrupted or embarrassed." In or
der to maintain free communication it is
necessary that an armed force should be
sent to Colombia.
CALL" BUREAU, 1406 " Q STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— An in r
terruption of transit across the isthmus,
which the American Consul in. Colon said
last week was threatened by operations
of the Colombian guerrillas, has occurred
and it will now become necessary for the
United States to take action to prevent Its
recurrence. The interruption was short,
only one hour, yet it establishes a prece
dent which this Government cannot afford
to overlook. The facts of the incident
were communicated by Consul General
Gudger-in Panama in this dispatch to-day
to the State Department: V
Bpecial Dispatch to, The Call.
Holding Up of a Train by
Guerrillas Gives a Prece-:
dent for Action.
To Prevent Further In
terruption of Transit
Across Isthmus.
UNITED STATES
WILL USE FORCE
Attorney George E>. Collins applied to
the United States District Court yesterday
for a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of
Charles L.. Clayton, ex-quartermaster's
clerk on the Government transport Sheri
dan. Clayton was charged with embez
zling 51052 95 from the Government. The
point raised in the writ is that Clayton
was rot brought to trial within the statu
torv time. The matter will be heard at 10
o'clock this morning.
Habeas Corpus for Clayton-
Detectives Dillon and Crockett have
been searching for the man who tricked
X. Povelsen, jeweler. 1333 Market street,
Monday out of four diamonl rings by pre
tending that he wanted to Ehow them to
his Hick wife. The man, who gave the
name of Van Loon, rented a room at
SO 1 . Polk etreet last Thursday, but never
occupied it. He told the landlady. Miss
T. Schomber. that he had a sick wife in
Oakland. He is described as a Polish Jew
50 or 55 years of age. 5 feet 6 inches tall.
slim build, black hair mixed with gray,
black heaw mustache, -wrinkled face and
talks broken English.
Diamond B-ing Swindler.
j. reasurer.
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.— Judge TVilliam Cecil
Price, United States Treasurer under
President Buchanan, died here to-day at
the home of his son-in-law, "William S.
Newberry. aged S6 years. _.__,. , r
Judge Price settled in Springfield, Mo.,
in the early 30s. An ardent believer in
slavery, he became prominent in the ranks
of the' Democratic party and when Buch
anan was elected he was given the keys
cf the Treasury. '
When Buchanan ordered Major Anaer-
Fon to reinforce Fort Sumter Judge Price
believed the South was being betrayed and
resigned his office in anger. He was with
General Price at the battle of Pea Ridge
and was captured by the Federals and
confined in the prison at Alton, 111., until
September. 1SC2. when he was exchanged.
Judge Price has been in ill-health for
some time owing to his advanced age and
the end was not unexpected. The body
will be taken to Madison, Wls., for inter
ment Thursday.
2>eath Claims a Former United States
« LAMEDA, Aug. 6.— Materialized
*\ ppirlts of deceased relatives have
LA been bothering Angus Mclnerney
AjX so much in his sleep lately that
to-day he had Mrs. Delia Rogers,
a. colored medium, arrested on a charge
of disturbing the peace. Besides losing all <
his sleep Mclnerney. vrho is a distributor,
claims that he Is losing all his handbills
through the machinations of the ghosts
that are made to walk nightly, thereby ,
ruining his reputation for honesty, integ
rity and versatility with the advertising
concerns for which he works. Not having
been able to chastise the spooks, the bill
poster thought it would be a good idea
to call in the •woman who claims to make
them talk.
Mclnerney is an aged character, who <
lives on the ground floor Of the fiat at 2230
Pacific avenue. Above him lives Mrs. ,
JUDGE WILLIAM CECIL PBICE.
Distracted Bill Distributor Seeks Police Court for Relief
After Losing Many Nights' Sleep Through Colored Medium ? s Too
Great Familiarity With Uncanny Things of Unseen World
MRS. ROGERS GENERATES SPOOKS
TO MR. McINERNEY'S DISCOMFORT
CLUBS.
"Won. I Lost. I Pet.
Pittsburg
Philadelphia
St. Louis ..;....
Brooklyn
Boston
New York
Cincinnati
Chicago
BO
50 •
49
42
36
35
38
33 .602
37 . .S75
37. .570
42 .517
42 .500
44 .450
50 " .412
58 .383
on.
bOS
'c
v
¦
•
-hicagro '.
Boston
Baltimore
Detroit
Philadelphia .
Washington
Cleveland
Milwaukee
B7
49
49
45
. 38
34
33
34
31
34
33
y 36
43
45
51 .
56
.648
.590
.557
.55ft
.469
.430
.393
.378
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
Thpy cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering cf lost manhood that
the Irtftiiute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it Js needed.
Jt cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural .func-
tions and has beon an absolute success in
all rases. A reanest to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Tnd.. ptat.ing that you desire one
cf th^ir fre«? trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
vho sr«» unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured of eex-
ual v.eakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
t^nt a free sample, carefully sealed tn a
plain package, po that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Peadera are requested to write
"'itho'ut delay.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Packaere SeL.t by Mail
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
SENT.FREE TO MEN!THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1901.
10
SA3T FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franclscc
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; opct
cntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. ¦" T »;':'
S00 Hay e^- street : open until 9:30 p. m.
C* McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3941 Mission Ftreet: open until 10 p. m.
JS61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opec
cntll 9 p. m.
J06 Eleventh street: open until J p. m.
3P96 Valencia Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets: open until 9 p. m.
?200 FtllmcTf street: open until 9 p. m.
5IEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2. R. and ¦
S. M.. will meet THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING. Aug. 7. at 8 o'clock, forjfjf
business and degrees. By order of the »^*
T. J. M. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Recorder.
SAN Francisco Chapter No. 1, Royal _^-
Arch Masons meets at 3 o'clock sharp aL Jt
THIS AFTERNOON. R. A. degree. *
MOUNT Morieh Lo<Jce No. 44, T. and m
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS m £k.
[WEDNESDAY) EVENING at S yLjX
o'clock. THEO. FROLICH. Sec 'V
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. *
SI.— Stated meeting and D. 3d THIS _/V_
EVENING, Aus:. 7, at 7:30. By order of jSLjt
the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE. Sec /^T >
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 168, F. and A. j»
M.— Stated meeting THIS EVENING.
Aug. ;, at 7:30 o'clock. JZJK
H. J. OWEN. Secretary. ' V>
MORSE Lodpe No. 257. I. O. O. F.— -•"rf"7r~i
Jr.itlstion TO-NIGHT. August 7. =^v>|5iSS2s
<^ther important business. Vis- • i 5=5^Si<^^t-
itors cordially invited. -o/<»w
I. H. BRAMSTEDT. N. G.
C. BRIND. Ret. Sec. '.
KATiOXAL rXlON'. Call- ¦>.
frrrnia Council, meets
TO-NIGHT at Pioneer n "^"""|»
Hall, Fourth street, at
£ o'clock (in Its new hall). Visiting friends
cordially invited. By order
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
prooeFs from O. F. Sloan et als.. in the Old
Stiff Gravel Mine, near V&llicita, Calavera*
County, to deposit taillnes in Wade's Gulch;
from W. C. Ruff and Manuel Leal. In the
Pouth Hcneut Mine, in Yuba County, near
Bangor. to deposit tailings in South Honcut
Creek; from Henry Hanley and Marcus Star-
Iv.ick. In the La?t Chance Gravel and Seams
Mine, near Canyon. El Dorado County, to
deposit tailings in Big Canyon, and from Ar-
thur R. Pride and Robert Bobb. In the Wil-
lrw Placer Mine, near Bassett's. Sierra
<\3unty. to deposit tailings In Deer Creek,
pives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood building. Fan Francisco, Cal.,
on Aucust 1?. 1901. at 1:30 p. m.
AGEVTS WASTED.
AGENTS — Splendid chance to make money. Our
new Pocket Atlas contains maps of every
Ftate in the Union, every country in world.
Also 1900 census complete. Over 400 pages of
mfcps & descriptive matter. Sells at sight.
Send 25c for sample and terms to agents.
RAND. McNALLY & CO.. Chicago.- III.
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted Into pood homes. MRS.
DR. FUXKE. 141fi Eighth St.. Alameda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. 113B Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE t ree ;divorces private ;bankruptcy: col-
lections attachments: mortgages; bills of sale:
partnerships :deeds; wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON, 1COS'4 Mkt., r. 4. op. Sth.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless 6uccessful. XV.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market 6L. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckeln bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOOKS >'E\V A\D OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 235€.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission et.
BOABDMG FOR CHILDREN*.
2 OR 3 children to board; good honre & moth-
er's care: ?10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
A— 5400; BRANCH bakery and coffee*~saloon
with 5 livinjr rooms; rent $15; choicest loca-
tion; must be eold at once on account of
Fickness of owner. Call R. G. WILKE, 26«i
Kearny st.
$3000— SALOON, restaurant and lodging in one
of the most prospering towns in California;
lease; cheap rent; all in flret-class order;
clearing ?30a per month. R. G. WILKE. 26hi
Kearny st.
¦A— S12S0 bakery and coffee saloon ; very best
location, about 2 blocks from Phelan "build-
ing; a splendid paying place* disagreement
of partners cause of sale. Call R. G. WILKE
26"^ Kea my.
A— $450— CANDY store on Ellis st.: dally re-
ceipts about $10; rent $26; good business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— S2759— BARROOM on Market St.. close to
Chronicie; daily receipts from $30 to $35; rent
J100; a good business. Inquire R. G WILKE
26H Kerrey et.
A— $300: SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms 4th
and Market sts.; net rent *22; rare chance:
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
A— JIjOO: COFFEE faloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market st. ; dally receipts from
$90 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call K. G. WILKE. 2SH Kearny st.
A— 11500; FIRST-CLASS In prices and first-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building;
come, investigate and you will find a splen-
did investment. Call R. G. WILKE *6V,
Kearr.y st.
A— S500; DELICACY and dairy produce on
Fourth 6t., ciofe to Market: good business-
cheap rent. Call P.. G. WILKE,- 36*4 Kearny.
A CHANCK of a lifetime; fine confectionery
and ice-cream store, with cigars: daily ca-li
business, S20; pop. 30.000; can be fully Investt-
jrEted; owner going East; sold reasonably if
at once. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
S2 COWS, milk ranch, route, 9 horses, 5 wa-
gons. hai-ne^«. lease of ranch, house and
buildings: clears S3C0 a month; J7200. DON-
NELLY CO.. 632 Market Ft.
A— $1UC: CORNER grocery ard bar; N«. 1 loca-
tion; full value; 3 furnished rooms: rent J25-
a L-t.rfraIn. STRAND & CO., ?09 Kearny St.
J150— PARTNER wanted: Indoor business -
steady man. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777-4
Market st. .
FOR sale— Patent right for Coast States; new
article; required in every household; large
profits. MAY & GERBER, 638 Market et.
W ANTED to buy— Notion store with living
rooms and basement; state price and location
Address box 4C1S. Call office.
J350— CORNER fruit, delicacies and grocery
store; 512 rent; 3 living rooms; no opposition.
Particulars at H~4 Folsom st.
FOR eale — Candy store and Icecream parlor-
good location; make offer. 230 Sixth et.
BRANCH bakery for sale cheap; sickness the
cause. Address box 4616. Call off»ce.
BARGAIN if taken to-day: dairy store and
furniture. 1303 PeviEadero gt. T7
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
J3oOO in an optical business; must either be
en optician or be able to attend to corre-
f ponding, etc. : cash receipts about $1500 to
£2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician, 1071'A Mar-
ket St., San Francisco.
FOR sale— At Invoice price, the merchandise
Ftere of CNOPIUS & CO.. Santa Rosa with
its. two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
at Heaidsburg.- as a whole or each store sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
(t wiling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa.
FOR sale— Flret-class bakery and confection-
ery; located on best business street and do-
ing a ?20 a day cash business; no wagon*
l-cason for filing leaving country on ac-
count of a death. Write to GUSTAF MES-
SERSCKMIDT. Juneau. Alaska.
jcr.0— RESTAURANT doing a good business -
centrally located; cheap rent; with lease; 5S
chairs; a bargain; owner must sell on ac-
count going north. Address box 4539. Call.
FOR sale— Novel and useful patent: a money
maker; a bargain. Box 4545, Call office.
THE finest and best paying lodging-house In
Maryevllle to lease at a barcain. Address
F. S. CARR, Golden West Hotel, city.
A RARE chance— Coffee saloon and restaurant
for gale. Inquire ill Montgomery st. .
LUNCH bakery for sale. 1205 Polk stl . .
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a-bargain.'
£21 Howard St.: no agents. • ¦-.* .
GUN & locksmith business & buildings for eale.
Acflrees ti. F. Call Agent. Santa Cruz. Cal. .-
WANTED for ca6h on enort notice— Groceries,
hardware, merchandise. 14 MgAlHster. r. 16.
GOOD paying branch bakery for sale cheap.
rs Hayes et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st/
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
, 68-ROOM modern house......... ...."...¦.
North of Market- Bt...' "••-
Electric Elevator ¦•
Former price $5000; reduced to $3000
.....Offer wanted. Must be sold :•••
To-day.' Apply, to DECKER, 1020 Market.
H. C. DECKER. '.......:
1020 Market et., opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
26 Years In Business in This City
.; Offers for Sale and Exchange
I • 100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms, $50 to $23,000
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms., $100 to. 20,000
40 flats, 3 to 12 rooms. $80 to 750
50 private homes, 6 to 25 rooms, $S) to... 2,000
; 31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms, $?") to 10,000
20 hotels, 40 to 200 rooms, $1000 to........ 8.000
. 40 grocery stores, $400 to : 6,000
20 candy stores. $300 to 6.000
; 40 saloons, $400 to 6,000
10 cigar stores. $300 to 1.000
500 other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000
100 vacant lots. $25 to 8,000 .
J 75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 50,000
1 5 chicken ranches, $400 to.: 1.700
' 50 ranches, everywhere, $300 to 14,000
..To Buy. Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
- I can suit you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO..
' ¦ 850 Market st. and '8 Stockton .St..
* I Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
" 60 rooms; rent $200; fine family hotel $6000
' 26 r. : rent $115; fins house; money maker. 1800
22 r.; rent $60; housekeeping; well furn.. 1400
Money loaned on deferred payments. Hi p. c
, Zi rooms: rent $90; fine furniture 2200
19 r.; rent $60; good; clears $70; Mission. 850
1 15 r.; rent $30; oak furniture; part cash.. 1000
'< 7 r.; rent $35; fine furniture and carpets.. COO
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rooms 1 and 2,
! Near the Call Building.
Call at office for list of BARGAINS.
9 rms.; rent $20; downtown: money maker $300
: 27 rooms: full; clears $90 a month JOO0
30 room*; full of good people: clears $S5.. 1200
48 rooms; rent $175: Income $460: 9 baths;
2 entrances; I will lend $1500 on It 2500
100 rooms; elevator; clears $100 a month.. 6~£Q
16 rooms; rent $50; nice and quiet bu'i
, ATTENTION lodging-house Keepers— 22 all
light rooms, corner Pacific and Powell; suit-
able Improvement for permanent tenant;
house being thoroughly painted and papered,
etc.; can be arranged for housekeeping: rent
cheap. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgom-
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
! You may buy any rooming-house In
the city and pay for It
j In monthly payments .'<.,'¦':-
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S5!) Market.
WE have Ieritimate bargains - in lodging-
houses, saloons, candy and notion store«; also
several restaurants and cigar propositions
which we can vouch for. Call and get our
prices. FISHER & CO., 935 Market St.
BEFORE buying your lodging-houses or other
business, call on the Boston Business Agency.
Everything thoroughly investigated; a trial
srlven.
¦ McBRIDE & CO 1016 Market st.
THE Boston Business Agency. 1016 Mai ket St..
¦ opp. Fifth— A rare chance in a lodging-house
of 33 rooms; all full; rent $30; .price $400:
half cash, balance to suit the buyer. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market st-. opp. Fifth.
I THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.).
J13. 000— SELECT family hotel: newly and ele-
Rantly furnished; In finest locality: doing a
; business of $3000 a month. DONNELLY CO.,
6S2 Market st. .
TAKE NOTICE !
> Three mortgaged houses that must sell this
week., WINSTON & WOLF. 1C26 Market St.
LODGING-HOUSE with 16 sunny rooms on one j
floor. 36 Stockton and 37 O'Farrell st. ; call
I for particulars.
i BARGAIN — 10-room lodging house furnished
! complete; all full; rent cheap. Call 310 Sixth.
j SPIRITUALISM.
i COME and see C. V. Miner's wonderful seances;
I Sun., Tues., Frl., S p.m.. 50c; you can speak J
to your spirit frl«md3 face to face and recog-
nize them; give names; has received medal?
from many countries: taken last world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush; tel.
I SS75 Larkin st.
! A— Mrs. Dr. Farnhcm, spiritual medium and !
j life reader; mining a specialty: clr. Sun. Wed.
! and Frl. evenings. 3S McAllister st. (no sign).
2IRS. J. J. WHITXET. trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
! JOHN SLATER-Circles. 25c; Sun.. Mon., Frl.
I eves.. S:15: Wed. aft.. 2:45: sit. 10 to 4 except
! Sat. and Sun. 1S09 Stockton, near Greenwich.
I CHAS. BROCK WAY. 25c seance Sunday and
j Thursday. 8 p. m.; every one gets a test: pri-
vate readings dally. 299 Hyde st. cor. Eddy.
I MRS. GILLINGHAM, spiritual meeting 8:15 p.
m.. 10c:bringpealedquestions.303Larfcln;take el.
H. Thompson, medium, will send you answers
; on any eubject by mall: 25c. 603 California st.
! JOHN SLATER circle 25c, this afternoon. 2:45 1
1 sharp. 1S09 Stockton st.. near Greenwich. i
I MRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth, room 12; circle to-
night, 10c; reliable business readings,- 50c & $1.
' CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm- .
1st and card reading: 00c. 1007>A Market st.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; cir. Tues.. Fri.. 8 j
p.m.; Wed.. 2:30 p.m.. 10c; readings dally, 50c. j
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis— Readings dally; j
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601. I
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3C5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
: Meyer: Fittings dally: test to all to-night 10c. j
1 ¦ i ¦ i
j CLAIRVOTANTS.
i mme!~^~bernXrd1 ~-
i THE FAMOUS
• Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
I located at 17 Third at. next Examiner bldg. She i
j reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de- j
I scription of the past, reveals the present hap- i
I pening? and portrays events to occur in the fu- j
J tiire. If you are In trouble, un- !
j happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes- }
I tic. love or business troubles, consult this great '
j medium and you will be told how to overcome ;
• them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; j
j 233 up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. j
< MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance j
j medium, is permanently located at 120G Mar- i
j ket st., corner Golden Gtae avo., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar- ¦
I anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet !
j with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
i A-^INCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the Coast; j
he aucceede when others fall: permanently !
located at 125 Turk St.: readings by mall. I
MADAM MONTAGUE. ~
Truthful predictions In all affairs of life: gives
names, facts, figures: gives luck: honest pre-
dictions In love affairs; reunites separated:
not one failure: letters answered. --116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— seoond sight; I
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladie<> SOc,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit- $1 60. 12C Turk.
KNOW your fate— Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist, reader of human destiny: never falls;
25c, COc. l"03 Mission Bt: phone Howard 2C75.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and !
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op. I
. Cth: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist: hero-
scopes cast; leEsons given, 60c; hours 11 to 1
and 4 to fi. 148 Sixth st.. room 22.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 25c up. 777*4 Market, room 18.
CARD reading. 25c and up. MME. MARCEAU,
room 5, ¦ 993 Market st. . . . . .
MME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist; past
present, future, 25c. 10S Sixth st.. 2d floor.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant." card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c- 1143 Mission.
Mrs.Mallory, clairvoyant card reader; when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c,' G. 50c. 917 Howard.""
MME. SCHAFFER. .clairvoyant, card reader; ',
sittings dally. 448% Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th. j
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9a.m. to 8 p.m. : 50c. 213 Leavenworth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, 6th :German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846. '
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader;
ladles 25c. gents COc. 122 Sixth gt.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c. 262 Minna st.. near Fourth.
CARPET. BEATIXG AXD CLEAXI\G.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works.. 353-357 Teharoa st; l;l.- South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co. 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
BEATING. 3c: laying, 3c; renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. ; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.*. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263. .
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Worka.
333 Golden Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
1 CITY Steam • Carpet-beating ". Works. G. H
STEVENS. Mgr.. SS-40 Sth Bt. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating . a nd Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth «t ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth ¦ st. : telephone Jessie 944. ¦
¦ J*j. COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st
'^HELFWAATED— MALE— Con.
WANTED— A colored bootblack. 233 Bush st,
Occidtntal Hotel. ¦¦,:•-¦
PAPER-HANGER wanted; 2 or 3 days' work.
Apply at 634 Sacramento st. , ¦„ . ' ,
AN errand boy; steady place. 117 Russ st.
PORTER wanted for barber shop. 6- Mar-
• ket st. . - t - j- .
WANTED— Dishwasher; wages $15. 135 Powell
street. t - . : ¦ . - . - - ¦ •
3 GOOD waiters at once. Golden West Hotel.
WANTED — First-class blacksmith for wagon
and horseshoeing shop. 52S Gough st.
WANTED— Boy about 13 years old in grocery.
; Sutter and Baker sts. . - . ¦
WANTED— First-class presser on gents" clothes.
SNOW'S Dye Works. 1623 Mission st.
PLUMBER'S helper. 729 McAllister' at.
DISHWASHER Wanted. 434 Fifth st. .
THE Rlsdon Iron Works, San Francisco, will
take as apprentices at the trades of machin-
ist, patternmaker and bollermaker. a limited
number- of young men between the ages ot
17 and IS years; strong and able-bodied; good
references. Apply at office, Beale : and
Howard sts.
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at SGG
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examinations
and diplomas given free; complete outfit of
tools donated; wages while learning; more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied;
call or write, at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay it. ¦ ¦ ¦
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
otfice. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
. sewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo, Crockett and Port Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
•housemen's Protective Association No. 9228.
WANTED— Elderly, sober and steady man;
storekeeper, to make himself useful in bakery:
must have worked in bakery before. Ill
Larkin. st.
WANTED- Steady man to attend cash counter
in restaurant; $40 per month and board; must
have $100 cash; no experience required. Ap-
ply 765 Market st. room 3.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
iuns -Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— A strictly sober young man to take
care of four cows, one horse and deliver the
¦ milk; wages J15. Box 4607 Call office.
WANTED— First-class cutter for Los Angeles;
men's tailoring; references required. Answer
Box 4C04. Call office.
PENSION ATTORNEY. ED WARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No 2
G. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg., 806 Market
TEN sand teamsters— Apply 212 Ninth st.
WANTED— Toung man to drive butcher wagon,
.take care of horses and work about shop;
some experience. 2503 Clay st
WANTED— Man with $1COO' to represent manu-
facturing concern in adjoining county. Bex
4613. Call office. '
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth st.. San Rafael, Tel. Red 15.
A MAN for general office work; must Invest
$300. Box 3819 Call office.
WANTED— Elderly gardener; steady home;
small wages; country. Box 2, Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half.
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
$? PER day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. ES
Columbian building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs seconds
hand shoes t for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army tthoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER Housp. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 70P rooms. 25c night: read iner- rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received Bt Call branch office. 220O Flllmore st,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
l^nola st. ¦ - -
40 HORSES for sale; also wasens, buggies,
rarts. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth Pt. : auction sales every Wednesday.' I
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. ]
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon i
Co.: he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
FRESH cow for sale. 122 Ninth ave., Rlch-
mond District. . .
FOR sale — A Studebaker carriage. Centennial
Stables. 1S23-23 California st.
WANTED — A brougham or coupe In jrood con-
dition? state price. Address box 4-.S2. Call.
40 HEAD* of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. .721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, car*', harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & FgN. 2117 . Iisslon st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
rpnrT'psr wnn for *al<\ cliepn. 532 Mission.
HORSES WAXTED.
J HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 28 Montgom-
ery st. room 2j. ¦- '• . ->
HOSPITALS.^ _^ ¦
MENTAL' and nervous diseases — A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium. 230 Pmig-lass st.. San Franciaco.
— HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMB5EN & CO.. H Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
FITRNISHED house of 7 rooms: all modern Im-
provements: sun all day: rent reasonable to
pood tenant. 3.TG6 Twenty-third st, between
Mission and Valencia.
_^j L.OST__AXP FOUrvp.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings !
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
' name of Marcelena Franklin, No. 240.022. The
[ '. finder will please reMrn to bank.
¦ LOST — Smalpblack purse containing a picture
I knife and money; reward. 231 Third, room 9!
| LOST— Between San Mateo and San Francisco.
¦ a small black purse containing a gold purse
studded with diamonds. Return to BROWN
BROS.. 121 Sansome, and receive $30 reward.
j IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
i nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold to make new watch cases.
Wanted— Old gold and manufacturing. O Nolte
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. ftet. Powell and Mason)
_ ¦ ' MEDICAL.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 937
Market st, corner Sixth; entire' upper floor.
A— Dr. G. W. -O'Donnell. renowned specialist-
¦': I treat ladles only; oil classes of female com-
¦ plaints relieved; quickest results. 101S Market;
MP.S. D. ALLEN, ~111S Market— Reliable la^
(Tics' specialist; a prlv.- home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. ' DR." DA VIES'
original method of treatment ;• maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
gkln diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & FUlmore.
Mrs. L. Brooks. M. D.— Obstetrics: diseases of
women. Mission and 16th. ; tel.. Blue 1323.
¦ Ml.MJS AMI, JU.MMi. , ~~~
MONTEZUilA— COPPER— COAL^COKeT
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL-COKE
MONTEZUMA-COPPER-COAL— COKE*.
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS.
A meetinK o" shareholders is called at the
oflice of the American Guaranty and Trust Co
Saturday, August 10th. at 2 o'clock p. m to
perfect organization of- Advisory Board and
elect delegate to annual meeting of sharehold-
ers, to be held at the home office of the Mon-
tezuma Mining Co.. Tacoma. Wash., September
.10 next. Notice has been mailed to all share-
holders. .
The president's report under 'date of July
2ith will shortly be supplemented by a circu-
lar from this office illustrated by photographs
made in and about, the mines. . -We will sena
this and other new printed matter to any ad-
dress x on application. . •
The Montezuma Mining Company's properties
and management have met every demand made
upon them by shareholders and ! others and
the company stands to-day on a solid footing.
PRICE OF SHARES.
• Shares (car < value- $1)- lor a limited time at
ISc cash or 21c on Installments. Don't ask for
lower prices. We reserve the right to with-
draw these quotations without notice
A- first-class unlimited ticket. Including sleeD-
-ing car. privileges. San Francisco to Tacoma
and return. . to the purchaser of o000 or more
shares. ¦ Money refunded ¦ If . purchaser Is not
satisfied after Inspection of mines., •¦". . ._
Write to-day for prospectus and report* ¦
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1887; reliable & con-
fldentlal: lists 10c. MRS. HEP.TZ. 706 Ellis st.
MATTRESSES XSH PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery* Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st. ;
tel. Bush 421.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J NOONAN.- 1017. 1019, 1021. 102*
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones. Phonographs, Gramophones,$5 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
AIR compressor, 3 slaes, 5. 10. 20 stamp mills:
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. B. Jardlne, 220 Fremont.
ENGINE for sale— Horizontal Corliss; cylinder
16 in. diameter; stroke SS In.; 16-ft. flywheel;
driving pulley 10 ft. diameter by 30 In. face.
Apply Cal. Barrel Co., 327 Market Bt, 9. F.
A— BUYS sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 236 Spear »t.
FOR sale— A few good inventions In machin-
ery line; valve motion, grate bar. rock break-
er. etc. Address Inventor, box 4602. Call office.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood: lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market at.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., near Pin*.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
FOR sale— Instantaneous freezer; on exhibi-
tion one week. F. S.. STThirilst.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry, cash or Install-
.. ments. Theo. FerahUnd, 126 Kearoy, r. ».
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st. . '
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission at.
WE pay big prices for ladies' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. . ••y"^-.\
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES^-New and second hand; all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market gt.. San Fran.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULL ARD & BRECK. 131 Post »t.
3IISCELLAAEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th »t. : tel. Folsom 2322.
MOSEY TO LQAJT.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland; town and country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAX LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldy.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN •
21 Montgomery st.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 6C3 Examiner building—
$5,000,OCO at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner b'.dg.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. : do
not borrow of your friends or you will los«
their friendship; do business with stranger*
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and ID. 9C6 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.-.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEX. '
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave., near Market: tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelrjr at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
St.: teL Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third st
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture cr pianos Without removal: any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 25
Montgomery st.
$2j,C00> IN 'trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 337 Parrctt building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privat3
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones. '
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond?,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
A — ON real estate, lowest rates; no brokerage.
LICK. 116 McAllister St.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill. r. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California;
ON salaries or wages: no Indorser required. S
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 303 Phelan bldg.
$10O.CCO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st, room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
¦ indorser. MORREI.L. 6W Examiner building.
31O>EV WASTED.
LOAN wanted— 41000 wanted. For further ln-
formation address, box 4619. Call office.
MUSICAL* I.YSTRUMEVTS. ~
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAr~&
CO. irf^y be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright cr baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some sood pianon sold for $3 $4 »nd
?5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY " & CO "
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutt»r
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
STECK. Baldwin. Ludwig. Everett, Packard
Conover. Ellington. Straube. Gllmore K n~s-
bury. Cable. Smith & Barnes. Willard, Dun-
ham, Chickering: Bros.. Brooks and Valley
1 Gem— these are the makes of pianos sold by
the new piano house. THE WILEY B. AL-
LEN CO.. S33 Market st.. S. F. (Branch 931
Broadway. Oakland.) \
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. sole agents for most famous and oldest
American makes, including Hallett-Davls;
v great bargain list. 150 up: Steinway. J1S5 up:
Fischer, $100; Chickering, $163; 20 others, rents
$2 up; great inducements to agents. •> 217
Geary st. .
A SURPRISE awaits all who are interested in
-the self-playing piano; the Cecilian Is the lat-
est and best; you are Invited to our dally
concerts. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st
Union square, sole agents Sohmer & Co *
Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester, Hamilton and
* Splelman pianos. /
$loO CASH will buy a fine ujjright If, sold with-
in a day or two; we have also other good
things to offer and will make it \forth your
white to call; we are agents ' for the "old
original and only Decker piano.". THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7S9 Market St.
ANY - piano sold by us taken back any time
, wlth J, n 2 years and ful1 Purchase price al-
:iSS! < O c n st S \Su W O nr£fa dSy^bSy ?$B
& CHA . SE ' » °- F »-»
i^-ci^i- fvr^sxsr^
:£gffia»^.SKg Asency: &
L ri£t '%££•&?$?%%££ Fischer
\r P uWnx 2o° S r p^t •;£*-»"» -> ian ° -^"iJrl
AT KEEFFE'S piano store, 22 Turk nr Mar-
ket-Shonlnger and Schubert pianos.
NEW. upright; sold for advance* purnrr
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and 'chuVch^
GOING East account of death" must saerlnea
large 3-pedal upright piano. 31? Turk Irt.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent 'M ner
mo.- SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Cq/sffi Hayes!
S wt^v-p Vl °l ln3f 2lther9 . oM and new. H.
MULLER. naker; repair, : pUce .
CHIROPODISTS. .
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, | warts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.6.N. Y.; Chronicle big.; rm. 76.
COTTAGES TO ,LBT. . -
FURNISHED or (Unfurnished, cottage, 5'roomsy
and bath. Apply 2821 Bush st. .¦'..¦
DENTISTS. '
A-DR. T.I&VHIGOINSi 927 MarkerTstreet?
Emma Spreckels building.- Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, .on plate., look natural and
guaranteed. 55 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teetii.
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have, your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 r.O up; plates, extractions free, $i 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, • plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by ray
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free: price3
cheapest and guaranteed; - lady attendants. ¦!
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl. ¦
warranted for 20 years; crowjis. $3 50; fillings. ,!
60c; plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, .24 Sixth.
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
specialties, . crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor.. Bush—
• Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor* Ex- .
aminer building: formerly (In Murphy bldr.
LOWEST prices in S. J\ Painless extraction,
SOc. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun- !
• days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. |
SF.T of teeth without 1 plate. DR. H. G. '
VOTING. 1341 Polk at. , --_-•
DETECTIVE AGEXCIES. j
McCABE'S Det^c7IvT^ge7icTT)Ir^l^Tiri?gTt" j
imate detective business; divorce cases posl- ;
tively refused. Bmrria Spreck°ls building.- j
r««r.»r)R 323-324. San Francisco: tel. South 381. •
¦ I
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES |
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
atttention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & JVIoffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market— '
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, ; penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers:
new typewriters: positions secured: cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.-
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping:; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac- |
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue. !
A-THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
Ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par- :
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mlnlns.mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1SG4. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing*
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers JsTARR. the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course nf Ellis bookk»epiner and the
Gregg shorthand ¦ costs only $G0. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st. !
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar |
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st. I
PROF. L. 1IERKI. experienced teacher: violin, »|
mandolin, guitar: juvenile class. IOCS Mission, j
STATE Normal graduate desires pupils In pri—
mary and grammar ptudles. Box 4605. Call.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY anl
ILLUSTRATION— night class. .424 Pine St.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F. :
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
High School students— The WeeklyGeometry Pa-
pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German: pupil of Leipsic Conservn- ¦
. tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing, j
etc. ; day or eve. : Sj mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th. ¦
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutrl-'
tlon, nerve, blood and constitutional diseases. !
Drs. K. & K.'k Electric Sanitarium. S Mason, j
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese TieTp^oTTll^kTndT;
cooks, waiters and house servants. fS GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411^4 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALEl" j
A YOUNG Scandinavian slrl, sood seam-
stress, has learned shampooing, manicuring
anl halrdrcssing, willirg to do a little cham-
berwork,' wishes a place In a first-class
Ameiican family. Apply "21 Van Ness ave.,
iiti-<?et floor: r.o cards*. • . j
TOUNG German woman wishes 'a situation as
hous?keeper; city. or country. Address E. V.,
Goldeii Gate Hotel, Fourth st.
COLOEED ,Tirl wishes a. position doing light i
housework in private family. Address box
4JSG. Call.
WOMAN wants position as working house-
keeper or as lady's nurse; city preferred. 523
Howard Et.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework; no
pobtalE. 7G Hermann st.
AS working housekeeper by refined, competent
English woman; highest ref. Box 4623, Call.
PLAIN sawing and mending done reasonable.
601 O'Karrell St., room 8. second floor.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress would like a few
more engagements in first-class families by
the day; ?1 50 and meals. ' Box 4603, Call.
GERMAN girl wants position to do upstairs
work. 17 Hollls Ft., near Webster, between
Ellis and O'Farrell. .
GIRL to do second work and'sewlng; Is a first
class steamstress. Call for 3 days, 731 Harri-
son st.
BOOKKEEPER— Young lady expert accountant
desires -position of responsibility. Box 439(1,
Call office. .. .-.•..'•
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ki»— 2C0 rooms: 25c to $1 DO per night; $1 50 to
$6 weak; convenient and .respectable; free 'bus
- and baggage to and frorn ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch' office. 2?00 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia Ft..
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
COMPETENT nurseryman, orchardist.and gar-
dener desires situation ; wages reasonable.
Box 4617, Call office. '
BARKEEPER— Position wanted by young man,
first-class, long hotel experience;, city, coun-
try or steamer. Box 4621, . Call office.
FIRS'B-CLASS chef would like position In res-
taurant or lunch house. Address box 4622
Call office.
SITUATION wanted as watchman or Janitor!
Address box 4333, Call office. •/ •" . "
GOOD German cook wishes a position In res-
taurant or hotel. Address 2046 Taylor st. ¦
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavlan on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and . understands his business thor-
oughly; references. Box 4502, Call office. "
SWISS milker, with wife and boy of 13. want
work on dairy; city or. country; man and boy
can milk 30 to 45 cows and wife cook for
small family: now or till September 1. Call
or write 526 Montgomery st., room 1. •••
A MARRIED man with 8 years' experience in
dry goods (domestics) desires situation;. com-
petent to take charge of department; best of.
references. Address Box 4583 Call office.; " •
ELDERLY German; single - gentleman;, open
for -convenient employment .anywhere, at
reasonable compensation; no canvassing. Box
4322. Call office. '..--¦ .. •
MIDDLE-AGED man familiar with the city
wants to drive and care for one or two horses
Box 4612 Call, office. >- :'
"WANTED by a young man, a contract to haul
for a wholesale merchant In this city: terms
reasonable;, will furnish .good teams. .-Ad-
. dress' box 4601, Call office. ¦, -.
EXPERIENCED Japanese gardener wants sit-':
uatlon to do. milking and take care of horse-
. strong boy; city or country.. Address T. . T.
1 Eddy place. - - .... •
YOUNG Chinaman wishes position as cook,
waiter or. footman: wages $30 to $40 up". ' Call"
or address L. J. HOWE, ¦ 622 Sacramento st. -
: EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man;. German,; 32, . wants employment
in saloon as porter or -second "bartender: -1
• year's experience; good references: wages no
object, about $20. . Address box B 62. Call.
A i POSITION , wanted - by - practical gardener:
flowers, vegetables and fruit: can. milk; good
references. Address Gardener, box C 63. Call. ;
JAPANESE boy wishes position as waiter on
table; city or' county. HOMA, 1010 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recel\edat Call branch office, 2200 Fillmorft St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1096
Valencia' 1 st. .- " '.
_ FEATHERS REXOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses, steamed, renb-
vated. E. T.O'Ro Ur ke.lS93 Valencla:tel.Capp 2P82.
'¦'-.: FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in- operation: new. method of
placing stocks and bonds: comDanies Incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address . main of fl>e. K07-S-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.- .
COLE, 769-771, bet. Beulah and Frederick stsT^
Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms an>I bath;
rent reasonably.
$11— FLAT 4 rootas, bath. 14% Bruce place, off
Folsom st.; between Seventh and Eighth; no
children. . ¦ . ,- .
A— COZY 4-room, clean, sunny flat. 43 Julian
ave.. near Fourteenth st.
A LARGE sunny 8-room modern flat. North-
west corner Page and Shrader sts. . .
BRUCE place. 39. off Folsom and Harrison ave.,
- bet. 7th and 8th sts.— Sunny flat, 4 rooms, $S.
CHOICE new flats; exquisitely flniahed; Ideal'
location; Vallejo & Laguna sts.; marine view. |
LEAVENWORTH. 1519'{.— Flat of 4 rooms and
bath: modern improvements: rent $15. ¦
FLATS TO LET— FUBXiSHED.
FOR sale— The nearly new furnishings of a
7-room flat;, with or without lease. 1249. Cali-
fornia st.; no dealers.
FOR rent — Newly furnished flat. 7 rooms; oora-
plcte or will rent part. 4S0.Edtly st. ¦
FlIRXITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., -1127-1)31 Market.
Will furnish yourjiouse on monthly paymenta.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
FURMTURE WANTELJ.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694.
. furniture and furn'tl hou?es bought; spot cash.
CAL. Auction /Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise.' etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beaucnamp. 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse.. bought.
BEFORE selling your furniture, see Abram's
Auction House. 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-',
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS.' LEVY, 1133 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. "
D. & F.'new $1 glove, retailed at factory price; '
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses,. San Diego $25
3 waitresses, Sacramento $25
"Waitress and assist chamberwork, Pleas-
• , anton .*. $20
Chambermaid to wait. Woodland $20
Waitress, Marysvllle. fare paid $20
Waitress, .AVatsonville $20
Waitress, Nevada (arm work), fare paid.. $25
Cook, few boarders, springs $20
Chambermaid, springs, steady place $2«
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Ilousegirl. Butte County, see party here... $20
>iurse and assist second work, country... .$12
Cook for section men J20
Cooks, housogirls, second girls, city and coun-
try, call and select a place; fares paid to all
country places
C. R. HANSEN .& CO 104 Geary ' s t'.
E0 WOMEN and children wanted for a can-
nery in country; h!ghest wages; free fare
both ways; ornee fee $1. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO....... Phone, Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses. Southern California $23 50 fares
paid; 3 waitresses, Salt Lake City, $22 50.
fare here; It waitresses, city and country, $i()
and $25; restaurant waitress, $6 week- 3
. chambermaids to wait. $20 -...¦..'.;
• •• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, small German family, $30; -2 cooks, $23;
house girl, :=mall family on ranch. nurse
grown children. $20; many other choice places
, MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary et.
WANTED— Laundress, , $30; second girl j and
nurse. $25; 5 waitresses for country resorts.
$20. $25, fare paid; 2 cooks, no wash, $35;
kitchen helper. 515; dishwasher, $?0; 5 sec-
ond girls. $20. $2.-i ; cook, $30, American fam-
llv; 5 cooks, German style. $30; 3 hotel cooks
$35, $40; cook, 3 in family, $30, short distance;
120 houseglrls. $20, $25. for city, and country;
head waitress, $30. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. .
WANTED— Housekeeper at once; 3 first-class
waitresses; call at once.
Ladies wishing to employ respectable help
call or write HARBRIDGE & CO., 323 Kear-
ny st., room 4.
RESPECTABLE women and young girls can
secure go6d positions by' calling at 323 Kearny
St., room 4.
WANTED-A German girl to do housework
and cooking. Please call at 902 Eddy St.;
keep 2 in help and small family.
WANTED— A "young girl cr middle-aged wom-
an to do housework; small family. Call for"
2 days. 2447 Mission st. I ¦ .
HAIRDRESSING. manicuring and facial mas-
sage taught in 2 weeks; $3; positions guaran-
tecd. Halrdrcssing College, 233 Geary, rm. 35.
WANTED- A girl to do general housetvork;
wages $20 per month. Inquire 120 Broderlck
near Pase st.
YOUNG girl to assist in taking care of a Iboy
3 years old. . Apply Wednesda". Thursday or
Friday, between 8-12 a. m., 1315 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A good girl for chamberwork and
waiting;, rmall family. -Call between 10 and I
12 at ,1526 Sutter st '. j
RELIABLE young girl, German preferred, for
housework and plain cooking: small' family;
small washing: wages $30. 2520 Vallejo st.
A FEW operators on ladies' neckwear. BAUER
BROS & CO., 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— Young lady for delicacy store. A.
' SCHILLER.- Union Square Market.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening. , ' "
GIRL for general housework; good cook; wages
- ?20; car fare. 210S Post st. -'.
WANTED— Experienced prirl to tend two chll-
dren; wages $15.. Call' 1915 Broderlck st. J
YOUNG girl to help with housework and child
1006 Geary st.
GERMAN or Swedish plain cook. Home restau-
rant, 152S Polk st. . .
WANTED— A girl; one experienced in choco-
late dipping: $7 week. 903 Folsom st.
A WOMAN to superintendent manufacturing
of underskirts; good position. 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— A first-class, waitress at 304* Mason
. st.; wages $8 a week. 1 .. •
GIRL for cooking and general housework In
small family. 3022 Clay st. .
REFINED young girl to take care of two girls,
age 8 and 10 years. Call at once at 2154 Post.
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; call af
once; no fee.. 127 Mason st. ¦ .....,-_: »>
'GIRL for general housework Jn a bakery;
wages $20. Apply, 911, Larkin. st.
WANTED— Girl. to take out a lady two hours a
day. . Call at 610 O'Farrell St.. morning. •
YOUNG. girl to assist with housework; wages
¦ $12; sleep home. 1007 Sutter st.'-'
WANTED — A good , washwoman. .- Call : early
¦, at 579 Harrison »t. " -
. : _j
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on custom
- coats; well paid; steady work. 214 Seventh st. .
YOUNG : girl to assist in general housewoik:
small family. 6 Willow ave., near Larkin.
LADY, to take care. of flat for rent of rooms.
Apply S50; Market Bt.V room 10.
WANTED-^Girr to assist in: housework. ' Apply
-.- this, morning, 2131 Bush st. - .' ,.,'
WAITRESS wanted; wages $1 a day. 637 Clay
¦ street.: . .' . ; . .' , . ¦ . " ¦ \
GIRL'for light housework.' assist* cooking; no
washing. .249 Fourth .St., .upstairs. ,
WANTED— A girl for general housework, Ger-
. . man preferred; wages $25; no washing. •• Call
at 1(18 Bush st,.- between 12 and 3 o'clock. .. •
A- RELIABLE. girl , for family, of four; wages
" $25.: Apply. 331 Capp st -J_^
WANTED— A chambermaid at the Manhattan
¦ House.'r 825 Battery st. , ' : ¦ . , , ,. .
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 3599
Seventeenth st, : corner . Dolores.
GERMAN girl. $25- cooking and Might house-
work. 1525 Howard. ? Call before 9.
YOUNG girl for, housework and plain cooking;
good wages. Call, 8 . to 12. y 213 Broderlck. • :,
GERMAN s woman .* for > 4 ' days In week to do '
.¦ housework and . cooking.-, 1800 Union. . .
WANTED— FEMALE~Con. '-/
WOMEN and girls to : work on fruit: . both
piece and day .work; steady, clean-work ail
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
, CODK-PORT WOOD, CANNING; CO., j
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit •steady
; work; highest wages. ~ Apply California Can^
nerles Co., 425 Brannan st.
WANTED immediately, women and girls to
w ° r ,k on fruit: steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries' Co., 425 Bran-
nan st.
WANTED— First-class waist and skirt hands
and 6 helpers; also helpers on ladles' tailor-
ing; highest wages paid. Room 134, Spring
'. valley building, Geary and . Stockton sts. ....
IRONERS and operators. $5 and $6 per week
to begin with. National Laundry Co., 411
Sanchez st. ¦ -.; .-..;¦¦...- - "
EXPERIENCED operators, also learners- paid
while learning. G. W. Reynolds muslin un-
derwear. 597 Mission st, corner Second^
WANTED— A young girl to- assist with light
; housework and sewing. 1072 Ellis st.
NURSE girl for country; wages $15. 109 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— A young girl for general house-
work. . 214 Hyde st. *
WANTED— A girl for pasting. Corner Seven-
teenth and Fol6om sts., satchel factory.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cull branch office. 2200 FiUmore st.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st..- . ........
HELP WAXTEn 3IALE. "' -
A— MURRAY & READY .plione~IiIalir584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
•••¦ .'.Office open 7 a. m. to-day
• •• ...500 R. R. men wanted-.
1 • S. P. R. R.. SantaFe ;....
......Cal N. W. Ry
• ••• For Ukiah; free fare .;.......
aid teamsters, laborers and men to cut right-
of-way for Ukiah; free fare v .".......
•• • Wages £.'. $2 23 and $2 30
Blacksmith. , R. R. camp, Ukiah, , free fare;
..Ship to Ukiah :norning and afternoon free..
..........S. P. R. K. CO.'S WORK..,.
lr/J men for section,- ballaEt, track, rock, steel
and other gangs, on all divisions, including..
. . .Los Angeles and Santa ; Bai bura. . .
Free fare ....:.. ......Free fare
SANTA FE ..................
HO men to work on Santa Fe system, com-
pany work, between S. F. and BakersHeld
Free faro bhip dally
Carpenter for an Institution, $52 and found;
rough carpenter, $10 and found; band sawyer,
?3 day; bridge carpenter, $:i day; blacksmith
for factory, no -shoeing. ?2 SO day; horsc-
shocr'e helper, country shop; 3 blacksmith's,'
country.
LUMBER PILERS— MINES. ETC......
10 lumber pilers, country, $60; 5 -laborers to
pile lumber in yards, $'2. day; 4 single hand
miners, new mine, south. $75; 4 laborers, no
experience, mine. JGt); 5 muckers, gold mine,
SCO and found; 10 laborers to do mucking,
mining company, $75; JO laborers to unload'
cars, mine company, steady job; 23 laborers,
north, $67 30; 5 laborers, surface work, mine,
$S0 and found; 13 laborers, no experience re-
quired, , for an electric company, $2 25, fare
paid; ' 10 laborers, near city, " $G0; 5 quarry
men, Solano County, $C0; 50 laborers, city
work. $2 day, $42. and $26 and found; 25
laborers, II £0 to $3 day; 10 laborers to handle
-. freight. fSO and found.
FRUIT PICKERS. PACKING AND DRY-
ING, ETC
| 25 men and strong boys to pick fruit, $20,
i .$26. and ?30 and, found; 13 men and strong.
i boys to work in dry yards, packing houses,
\ etc., large fruit company, $1 75 day, no blan-
¦ Uets needed, long job ' ¦
10 fruit pickers, near city $1 GO day
BRICK YARD WORK
5 laborers, no experience required— $26 and fd
5 wheelers, fSO and found; 5 setters for brick
yard, $40 and found; 5 burners, 540 and found
...... MISCF.L.LANEOUS— FARMS, P:TC
4 hostlers and stablemen, $£0 and $30; mllk
wagon di-lver, $30; 4 deckhands. $40 and found;
2 laborers for ranch. $30 and found; 10 team-
sters, city, $175, ?2 and $2 SO day; 5 men
to work In flour mill, $2 50 day....j *..
Farmer and wife, $60; 5 men to stack 'hay,
$37 50; 50 farmers, hay and harvest hands.
$125 to $2 50 day; 5 choremen; 7 milkers, $30
and $33 ;..-
Butchers, country Fhops $25 and $30
STEWARDS HOTEL HELP.......
Steward for a mess house $40 and found
Pantryman, country hotel, $35; 2 waiters,
same country hotel. $35; baker, country shop.
$50. fare paid; night cook. $30 and found;
5 bakers' helpers, $20 to $30; cooks, country
hotels, $30, ?40 and $33; ranch cook. $30; 3
cooks, hay press, $23 and $20; 3 camp wait-
ers, kitchen help, etc
: Coatmaker. country shop $13 week
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. ......104 Geary st
Railroad Work..- Railroad Work
..FOR UKIAH
200 teamsters*. and laborers $2-
FOR NEVADA
200 teamsters and laborers. ..$2
FOR TRUCKEE:. ; .7. .'.
100 laborers .$1 75
FOR. CHATSWORTH PARK
. 100 headers and drillers : $2 23-$2 50
100 laborers and muckers $2
...FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM..
f>0 laborers, section work $173
Free Fare Ship Daily Ship Daily
. 2 blacksmiths for railroad camp... $2 75 a day
Frre fare, engineer for dredger, $2 50 a day?
. blacksmith for drsdger, $40 and found; gang
edgerman, $.W; 6 blacksmiths, country shops,
$2 JO to 13 a day; 10 farmers and milkers,
$26 to $30 .-.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook ?30, second cook $30 and dish-
washer $20. same-country hotel: bread baker,
country shop. $iO, see boss here: head and
second cook, $S0 and $60; broilprs'and fryers, I
city, $C0: butcher, country ' shop,' $30; cook,
country hotel, $40
Night watchman, hotel, $'io; 3 porters, coun-
try hotels, $23; second porter, hotel. $23; 2
bell boys, city, $15 to J20; bell boy, summer
resort, $12 50
2 waiters, hotel, $35; 3 waiters, country hotels.
$;.">; waiter for springs, $30; 20 dishwashers,
vegetablemen and potwashers, $30 and i25;
yardman tor resort. $25 to $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ¦¦¦.. ...104 Geary st.
A— 4 COLORED waiters, -first-class hotel,
north; fare paid. .-C./R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. , -, y r */',-
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
...59 Third st:,' Phone Bush 405 ......
:......' RAILROAD MEN .
Ca!. N. W.-R. R Ukiah
1C0 teamsters. $2 per day..'....... Ukiah
lfi<> axmen and shovelers=, $2 per day.. ..Ukiah
]C0 men to ballast track
Santa Fe Co.'s own work
FREE FARE. ..FREE FARE. ..FREE FARE
* Wanted. 10 shovelers at $2 25 per day
Large, electrical company's own work; we [
guarantee work until snow flits,' the very I
best of board and fare advanced. ' " ;
£0 laborers ..il 50 Der day and board!
Italian foreman and 50 ¦ laborers for large !
. ranch, to tor beets. i
Edgerman. country .....$4 per day I
Pointer, sawmill, country $2 70 per day
15 men to cut 4-ft. .pine wood. $1 40 per cord,
tools and provisions advanced....^'.
6 laborers, near city.. .\...$l'2;> and board I
Nlfjht cook, small restaurant... $35 per month
, 10 lumber pilers, country, i2 per day: 6 lum-
ber pilers. ?35 to $45 per mo. and board.
2 -MINERS. +2 50 day; 3 miners, $2 day and
bourd; 2 teamsters, $60, fare advanced; milker
and wife, $60; man and wife, small place.
$35: cheesemaker and wife, . M5; . butter and
cheese maker: blacksmith's helDer, $1 75 day;
carpenter, $3 day: cook, waiters, : dishwashers
and others., 628 Sacramento st. .
S. F.-EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.:. ...639 Clay st. "
: R. R. men .....'...¦..'...¦...¦.. .All roads
. Free Fare...' Free Fare .Free Fare
Laborers, fare advanced....;.'. ...$2 23 day
Band sawyer .. ...........:.. $3 day
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Storercom cic-rk. $3".; Waiters, country, - $25. .
BARBERS notice— The State Board ' Barber
Examiners will close.ift session Saturday, 10th !
inst.; to those barbers who have not received !
their certificates the board will i^intlnue to '
meet dally as heretofore and evenings from S :
. to: 10 o'clock, Emma Spreckels building 9*7 i
, Market st, room 204. P. W.- DRAKE, Sec. j j
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market St.. room 207 :
I. .LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176. .. I
WANTED— First-class waiter with reference i
for hotel lunch counter; wages $33 per month '
¦ and found to begin.' with. Address Depot i
Hotel. Wadsworth. Nev. • ->J
WANTED— Strong young man to fill position
of . order clerk in colfee . and snice house; .
steady position; cl\e reference and experi-
ence. Box ., 4583, Call. -
MAN and wife, Protestant, no child»en, for a
.ranch nearSanta Rosa: wages $35. Apply at '
Cal.' Transportation Co.'s office, Jackson-st
• .wharf.:. ' ;-, ;; ¦;" . - . . -. "
WAN.TED— An all-round blacksmith to Ter.t a
blacksmith shop, with tools; plenty of work "
Address P.. O.' box 185, , Truckee, Cal.
EOY about' IS years old for; butcher shop- Ger-
man preferred. ; Apply P. FRIESE, Sl3
Buchanan, st. ,• _ *
WAN1ED— Cooks, waiters "and dishwashers" •
Ca'l at ones : no fee. ;* 127 , Mason st. ;
GET ; your ' shoes half-soled while t waltlnj-- -"5.-»
-.. ¦ to, SOc 563 Mission St.. ; bet.- 1st and 2d. sts" ""
GOOD co\>k wanted; also a dishwasher *^k
Fourth, st. ' \ -.-'. ••-•' ¦¦ v \- , '
WANTED— IPO 'first-class house painters Ad,
' . ply room 584, Parrott ', building.-.. •.-¦ -.-' *
WANTED— Good steam laundrymen; must be'-
acquainted with ; engine: . Box 4620. Call.
*BR^ n^ E £ s SET : old ;} ; DECKELM 5-=George Hitchcock," the artist, though
now living handsomely on the proceeds
of his art in Holland, once made a living
l>y running a small bric-a-brac shop in
Chicago. ->¦ ¦">-. -. • ¦ ¦
TUESDAY. Aug. 6 — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha.....' 03 05 Justice 05 OS
Alta. ............ 03 05 Kentuck 02 01
Andes .......... 03 01 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher '........ 05 07 Mexican 13 14
Best & Belcher 19 20 Occidental 03 to
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 65 68
Caledonia 27 28 Overman U 13
Challenge- Con.. 2S C9 Potosl 05. 06
Chollar ..%...... 05 06 Savagre .C6 D7
Confidence 110 113 Scorpion ....... — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 90 1 93 Seg JBelcher ... 01 02
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 12 H
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 34 33
Crown Point... OS 09 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con.... 10 —Standard —3 83
Exchequer — -02 Syndicate ...... 07 —
Gould & Curry 1J 14 Union Con .. 12 13
Hale & Norc... 23 24 Utah 01 02
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.., 24 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
ICOO Best & Belcher IS 100 Challenge Con. 27
300 Best & Belcher 19 100 Challenge Con. 23
1200 Best & Belcher 21 100 Con Cal & V.I 92;i
450 Caledonia 23 200 Gould & Curry 13
200 Caledonia 23 500 Sierra Nevada. 12
500 Caledonia 27 300 Silver Hill 33
050 Caledonia 30 «^j500 Yellow Jacket.. 25
Afternoon Session.
ZOO Best & Belcher IS 200 Ophir 67
10C0 Best & Belcher 17 200 Ophir £3
300 Caledonia ...... 23 400 Ophir 6S
2<H> Caledonia 30 800 Sierra Nevada. 13
100 Challenge Con. 2SillOO Sierra Nevada. 12
100 Challenge Con. £3 20O Silver Hill ..... £1
300 Con Cal & V.I 92^ 200 Yellow Jacket.. 2T>
300 Con Cal & Va..l 90 500 Yellow Jacket.. "4
200 Gould & Curry 12
Morning v Session.
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange "yesterday:
900 Best & Belcher IS! 350 Ophlr ...: 85
400 Challenge 28 ICO Silver Hill 35
100 Challenge 27 500 Tellow Jacket.. .24
50 Con Cal & Va..l 9a I
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 15 900 Ophir 65
3CO Challenge ..;... 30 200 Tellow Jacket.. 28
70O Challenge 29 200 Tellow Jacket.. 25
4C0 Con Cal & Va..l 90 500 Tellow Jacket.. 21
Morning Session,
The following wore the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchanse Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
..Same owner with Fennell Bros.'. (contractors),
architects same— Grading, • brick and carpenter
work for underpinning -of; E wall of church
and N ' wall ; of: parsonage of same I oa . same;
$1657.. ,-, ..'.-\. ¦ ¦ -> ¦ :¦ w.-:^-:-
Second M. E. _ Church (owner) . with'Mathew
Kelleher (contractor), architects Shea & Shea —
Shoring • ud and i supporting ;: of ? church walls
and wall of parssnage of Howard-street' M.E.
Church on lot, on S line of • Howard street, 42
W ' of Hawthorne, and -W . line, of Hawthorne
street.* SO • S Of Howard ; - $1195. . '. • •
1 Same owner with G.' C. Sweeney (contractor),
architects same— Gasfittlng, plumblr* . and
sewering for same on same; $1099. • - :-.
Matthew Gardner (owner) with A. T. Spence
(contractor), architects Cunningham & Pollteo
— Brick, carpenter, staff, electrical and gal
vanized iron work, sash, doors, glass. -glazing.'
stairs, hardware, lathing, /• plastering . and tin
ning for a 2-story frame building on lot on'SW
corner of Clay and Laurel streets, W 68:9 by
S 127:8}i;.$7S38. ¦ . " \ s
Builders' Contracts.
F. Mathiesen to Grat, Larriew, all interest in
lot - beginning at N 'corner of Leonard ¦ Tract,
SW 125. SE. along line dividing lots 5 and S of
said tract "and alonr said line extended in a
right line to NW- right of way of Central Pa
cific Railroad Company, NE along said line to
SE -corner of Leonard Tract aforesaid,' NW 245
to beginning; Murphy Township; $15.
.Robert W. and Louise' T. Graft to Lucretla
Ryan (widow), lot 8, block. 8, Bellevue Park
Tract. San Leandro, Eden ; Township ; $10.
Robert F. Miller (married) to William Ham
mond Jr.; all Interest in lot on W line of Cedar
street, 4C0 S of Clinton avenue, S 40 by W 130,
block C. Bellevue Tract, Alameda (quitclaim
deed): $1. . . - : 1 .
F. W. McCann (single) to Florence M. Mc-
Cann. lot -1, block 5,> map Jenks & Mead
Homestead Tract, Alameda : ' $10.
BE. Rabb to Leah F. MottJ lot on N line of
Parsons street. 510 E of Park, E 40, N 33.68,
W 40 S 89.3S, block C, Gaskill Tract, Oakland;
$10. .-...:
John and Susan A. De Lancey to John S. De
Lancey lot on S line of Milton street. 300 W
of San* Pablo avenue, W 25 by S 100, Oakland;
gift.
David E. and Emma M. »Collins to William G.
Henshaw. undivided one-third interest in NW
corner of Grove and Twentieth streets, N 74.693,
NW- 83.61 SW 240, E 225. portion of Tract 294,
Whitcher'a map (subject to mortgage), Oak
land; noo. ¦
- Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mrs.
Catherine Geary, lot 52. plat 17. Mountain View
Cemetery, : Oakland Township; $54. ¦..
- Robert and . Mary A. Weismann-to John E.
White -lot on S. line of Ashby avenue, 112:2 W
of Shattuck, W 50 by S 100, block L, Newbury
Tract," Berkeley (warranty deed); $1400.
The California Realty Company to Mrs. John
Caveney lots 79, . 94 and 95. Elmhurst Park,
Brooklyn Township (subject to mortgage); $10. |
pee. all interest In lots 33 and 39, Map Forest
Park Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10. >•
John English, T.- R., P. L.. Bridget: H. F..
Carrie, E. D. and Elizabeth A. Bassett, Jacob
Bills and' Charles R. Root et al. (by William
F . Kroll, commissioner) to W. J. Parker, lot
37, block A, and N % of lot 26. block C, Map
of Fruitvale Station Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $175. • -
The California Realty Company to Annie Des
mont, lot 75, Elmhurst Park, subject to mort
gage, Brooklyn Township; $10. :',-• '- /
Same to B. G. Desmond, lot 76, same, Brook
lyn Township: $10. * .
Same to Miss K. Lyons, lot 26, same, Brook
lyn Township: '$10. ¦ ¦
Sarah R. Garcelon (widow) to William A.
ohd Ellen Garrison, all interest in lot on N
line of Ninth street, 39:3 W of Center, W 30
by N 82:9. Oakland; $10.
. H. T. Holmes to Vlbella M. Jenks, '. all in
terest In : lot on N line . of Oakland avenue,
196.S5 NE of Santa Clara avenue. E 59.32. N
125, W 80.70, S 132.95, In block G, Map Linda
Vista Terrace, Oakland; $10..
LOS/ ANGELES, Aug. 6.— The Valley
Gas and Coke Company, with its principal
place of business at Pasadena and its cap
ital stock $500,000, filed articles of incorpor
ation to-day. T. S. C. Lowe, Thad Lowe,
Lin Hellman. J. C. Bralnard and Caro
line ;w. Dobbins constitute the board of
directors. \.'..
New Gas Company Is Formed.
Ernest A. > and Elizabeth D. Heron to E. C.
Hagar,: lot 49,. block F, Map »;, Linda Vista
Terrace, r Oakland ; $10. < . ,
-Estates ot- Thomas .W.. and Jane A. Badger
(by ~ administrators, -. etc.,- et al., by W. - F.
Kroll, commissioner); to Columbus Savings and
Loan Society, ; lot : on SE corner of Benton (or
Seventh) - : ¦ avenue and ¦ Jefferson ¦". (or '¦ Ninth)
street. -SW 244:8.' E 151:7. from SW line of Jef
ferson;: * NE ' " 151:7. NW 300. .belner . portion of
fractional block No.-l. map of Clinton, etc
East Oakland; $4500. , ., : •¦¦ : :'.'. ¦¦¦-..,- : ,
:¦: Frank N. Greeley to Anna C. Greeley," lot SE
corner of -Virginia - and Euclid avenues, E , 123
by • S -- 60, ' lot B. t and . 10 ¦ feet : of lot 4, , block ; 13,
Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley ; • gift. • ¦ .
, >- Michael : P. " and Joanna ,": Kennedy ' to .. W. i, G.
Kinsell. ; all Interest ' in • lot ¦ on . W line of Arch
street, 240 N of Cedar, N 60 by . W 134:7%, block
3, T. M.Antlsell's- Villa' Lots,' Berkeley; $10.^
¦ Richard 'P.' and' Mery;' K.. Wilson to Mrs.
Alice C- "Wood, lot f on iW line of .Mary street,
200 N of Bancroft .way.'N 50 by .W 130, block
11. McGee Tract," Berkeley: $2500.
; Frank J A. ; and' Jessie" M:> Pratt: to L.'G. Bur-
Alameda County.
¦ Henry S. Brlckell to Kristo Kerstegly, . lot on
N line of Sixteenth street; 172 "W of Valencia.
W 20 by N 100; $10. • ¦:. ¦ -.-
Estate of 'Fannie E. Howe,- by Lewis E.
Spear, administrator, to Clara W. Spear, un
divided one-fourth interest in lot on W line of
Folsom street. 46 S of Twenty-fifth, S 24 by W
115; $875.
Lewis E.' Spear, Cora L. Dunn and Mary. A.
Barnes to same, undivided three-fourths Inter
est in same; $10.
Maria Little to Adolphe and Mathllde Sis'can.
lot on E line of Trenton street, 112:6 N of Jack
son, N 25 by E 56; $100. .
Estate Charles T. Crocker and Jennie A.
Crocker (minors) (by Henry . T. Scott and
Charles E. Green, guardians) U> Crocker Hotel
Company (a corporation), all interest in lot
on NW corner of Geary and Powell streets,
W 165 by. N. 137:6; $366,997. . . : : • ; -.
Charles T. and Carrie- B. -Lundberg to Aime
and Victoria Giry. lot on N line of Broadway,
44 E of Jones street, E 23:6 by N 77:6; $10. .
Thomas H. and Sarah D. O'Connor to Charles
L. ,Tilden, lot on SE line of Mission street,
223 NE of Fifth." NE 120 by SE 160; $10. •
• Estate Alice M.- Carson (minor) by Nellie H.
Carson, guardian) to ¦William A...Bader, all in
terest in lot on SE line of • Minna ' street, 320:8
NE of Fifth, SW 24:8 by SE 80; $1000.
Estate Rebecca M. Ragan (minor) (by JV W.
Rapan, guardian) to same, all interest in same;
$1000. - . ... ¦;."-¦ ¦:-.- ¦:¦ ¦-:'¦" ¦¦¦
¦ Mary Huddy. Sarah - A. i Dunbar (wife - of
Joseph J.), John B. Carson, Maggie E. Barr
(wife of Stuart A.) to same, lot on SE line of
Minna. street, 320:8 NE of Fifth, SW 24:8 by
SE SO; $10.' ¦ -. -¦ . :r.-.
John Q. A. and Catherine J. Ballou to Joseph
B. ; Coryell, lot ¦ on S W corner of Twenty-third
(Nevada) and Iowa streets, W 100 by S 50; $10.
Elizabeth Amyott to Carl and Veronica Stahl,
lot on W line of Sixteenth avenue, 250 N of
I street, N, 25 by. W 120; $10. .
Annie Out . to Robert ¦ H. and Alice "Wertz,
lot on S 1 me of Broad street, 75 E of Capitol,
E 125 by S 125, : block G, Railroad Homestead
$2100., ¦-"¦-¦' ' ¦ '..•.¦ •* •¦ .--••¦ ,,.
; James and Maud Schultz to Katherine 'Woge
mann (wife of D.), loton-S line of Casselll
avenue, ; 26 E from ¦ NE corner of lot It, block
11, Market Street Homestead, E ' 26, S 94:6 1 *,
W24:4. N 94:6H;$10. ' ,},'¦-'¦'¦,.] ';¦ '
Erick H. Rasmussen to John A. Johnson,
lot . on S line of Sixteenth avenue, 225 • W of
K street, S 100 by W 50. block 328, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Association
$10. ¦-.••-.•¦-¦.¦ . • ' .: ¦
Amelia K., Edith. Joel K., Ellas M. and
Adelheld ; Hecht to Hecht Estate Company (a
corporation), same property as in last probate
in abstract No." 3095, August 6, 1901, quitclaim
deed: $10
;. Hans and Petersen to Charles A.
and Lucy E. 'Howe, lot on S line of Page
street, 137:6 W of Ashbury, W 55 by S 137:6; $10
Frank, or Frank H., McNally' to Henry s!
Brickell, lot on N line of Sixteenth street, 191:6
W of Valencia, W 6 Inches by N HJO, quitclaim
deed; $10. - - - •: ¦ '
J. J. Dunne to P." F. Dunne, undivided one
third Interest In lot on ; W line of Broderick
street, 105 N of Clay, N 25 by W 106:3. P. F.
Dunne, in trust for Mary D. Conner, undivided
one-third interest in same; Jl(\
Carl D. and Libby A. Salfleld to Morris Slm
inoff, lot on NW corner of Pago and Broderick
streets, W 25 by N 100; $10.
George Noll to John F. Pfaff, lot on S line
of Fulton street, 100:3 E of Octavia, E 25 by
S 137:6; $5. ~~
John F. and Matilda Pfaff to Giovanni j and
Virginia Rossi, same; $4500.
City. and Countyof San Francisco to August
Maass, lot on SW corner of Laguna and Green
wich streets, W 87:6 by S 60; J— .
Jacob Wiener to Louis .and Sophie Wiener,
lot on N line of Halght street, 150 W of Web
ster. W 25 by N 137:6; |10.
REAL ESTATE r TRANSACTIONS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs W H Benson •& ch,
Chlcc-
W S Swain, Mrysville
D W Wlckersham & w,
Los- Angeles .
A W Robinson, Napa
F Williams. William*
G F Bock, Berkeley
J P Hopkins, Cal
H L Priepoint, Boston
A H Halmen, Raymnd
F Fletcher & fam, Cal
D D OHphant. Ptland
Mrs C M Whalen, Mch
Mrs A, N Chamberlain,
St Joseph, Mich
A N Williams & w.
Redding
J Solomon, Portland -
E W Byen, Washgtn
Miss Byen. "Wash, I) C
L P Wllcox & w, Chgo
J W Elwell, Cal
C T Smith, W Va
W B Clarkson. W Va
J Reith Jr. "Woodland
Mrs G H Crow, Cal
Dr Gibson & w, -Cal
Everett Crow, Pac Grv
Mrs F W S wanton, Cal
G H Crow, Newman
C J Holding & w, N Y
F P Clark, Stockton
J Taffanel, Paris
J Loerit. Paris
R Luscombe, L Gatos
P H-Kella, NY
P F Lanigan, w & son,
Hodson
Mrs H' F Winnes, Cal
Mrs J B Moomaw. Cal
M. Biggs Jr. Oroville
T H Hayden. Placrvlll
R Hearth, Gr Valley
Mrs J Emmett & ch,
Los Angeles
V P.McGraw. N Y
Mrs E Flnney, L Ang
Miss A McGraw. N Y
M G Hovey, S Cruz
E V Darling, Napa
W A Dunn. N Y . i
Mrs E Dudley, Dlxon
G E Parker & w, Cal
F C Stoddard. Sonoma
Lt Bury, Victoria '
PALACE HOTEL.
J Underwood, Chicago
W Lockridge, Texas
C Kaufman. Sn Rafael
Mrs W Hicks. N Y ~
J Williams,. Sn Rafael
A , Livingston, Ogden
W S Boyles, Fresno
L Gentile, Ohio i
C V Day, N T
C E Orr, Los Ang
C E Mead. Riverside
R AV McGee. Chicago
J F Byrne, Los Ang
L B Godln. Mexico
A'Rothchild, NY
J Bell, Dawson-
H Langsdone & w, *
A F Bell, Los Ang
T Spellacy, Bakrsfleld
r Waterman, Snt Bar
H C Booth. Snta Bar
H H Kraft. Napa
W Uurnham, Conn "" -.
Mrs Bumham. Conn
R Burnham,' Conn* I
O Malone, Oak Knoll
P -Dyenforth. Chicago
Mrs Taylor. Berkeley
T P Taylor, Berkeley
H'F Smith, Berkeley
H Story, Bakersfleld
H D Newcomb.-N Y
3 Croby & w, Boston
\V A Morey. Chicago
B D Rogers. Chicago
C Hunter, Santa Cruz
H B Cotin. N Y
Dr Bard. Ventura
Tvrinw WESTERN HOTEL.
A Thompson,- Canada
C Dickinson & w. Ama
R Aceves. San Jose
G Lewis & w, Los Ang
Miss McKay. Agls Cp
L Kelesey, Denver
G Abraham, Denver
W Madison & w," Bstn
C S Younger, Snta Crz
Mrs Fra2ler. Boston
Mrs Hillen, Mass
W Drake, N Y
J Riscon, NT ¦• ¦
P J Talconer, San Js
A Molsch, ! Oakland
C B Fress. Oakland
J: Willmans, ¦ Courtland
The Citizen Hook and Ladder Com
pany was organized September 16, 1876. It
has had among Its members most of Ala
meda's prominent citizens, including
Judge John Ellsworth, Fritz Boehmer and
the late John Leise.
The action of the hook and ladder com
pany leaves only four volunteer hose com
panies in the department. . The "hose
wagons manned by these companies all
have paid drivers and in case of their
withdrawal there will be only one man to
each. A hook and ladder company, is ab
solutely necessary. ¦ •• ¦
The City Trustees were surprised at the
document and even Chief Krauth did not
know it was coming. President Forderer
said' it meant that the city would soon
be compelled to organize a paid depart
ment, but he could not see where the
money is coming from at present.
. Resolved, That we. the members of Citizen
Hook and Ladder Company No. 1, do hereby
mutually agree to disband, and thereby close
our services as volunteer firemen of the city
of Alameda on the 31st day of October, 1901,
at 12 o'clock midnight. ¦
Whereas. We believe the city of. Alameda has
arrived at a period In wealth and Importance
when it is fully capable of providing for all
departments' of the - municipal -.service; and
whereas, Citizen Hook and Ladder Company
No. 1 has at all times kept up an active mem
bership and a full complement of members,
never less than fifteen (13). which number ! is
at present enrolled; and whereas. Citizen Hook
and Ladder Company No. 1 has given a quar
ter of a century voluntary service to this city
and its eitlzens, we believe that we should now
retire in favor of a paid department. There
fore
ALAMEDA. Aug. 6.— The City Trustees
were astounded last night .when .they re
ceived ; a communication from Citizen
Hook and Ladder Company No. 1 an
nouncing its Intention to withdraw' from
the volunteer flre' department at the end
of three months. As the company has
always , been the most active in the de
partment and the one organization that
kept the J volunteers together, the City
Trustees look upon this action as/the be
ginning' ' of the end of the volunteer aer
vice. The communication from the com
pany, which was in the form of resolu
tions passed at its last meeting, follows:
Beginning of the End of
Volunteer Service in
Alameda.
Hook and Ladder Com
pany Resigns Prom the
Fire^Departinent.
PAID SERVICE
MAY BE FORCED
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, .WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 17, 1901.
Continued from Eighth Page.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
11
. The • following marriage ' licenses were issued
yesterdays 1 . : . ' ¦ '
- Albert W. Kennedy, ' 36,- city, ¦ and Susan . de
Camp, 29, Carson Hill. • ~
Peter U. Bokariza, 31, 336 San Jose avenue,
and Agnes "Griffin, 21;' 506 Third street.'
-.Joseph C. Belz, 26, 3348 Twenty-second street,
and Katherine Krueckel, 24, 1431 Steiner street.
George M. Cook, 24, 17 City Hall avenue, and
Adah Quthrie, 22, 1309 Leavenworth street.
William Ernst, 41, 925 Geary street, and May
E. Nicholas, -20, 2413 Pacific avenue. ,
-Frederick J.' Antz, 25. 1825. Bush street, and
Sophie M. Sievers, 21, 1306 Jone« street.
Fred Peirano, 26, 628 Broadway, and Mary
Ostlno. . 22. 522 Filbert street.
Giuseppi Polledro, 30, i 916% Vallejo street,
and Limbani Croce, * 21, 914 VallejO street.- " '
- Frank S. de'Vitt, 33,' 1249 Market street,' and
Mathilde Marthens, , 33, 2624 Filbert street.
Alexander * Thaln, " 21; " city, and -Ada Finke,
18, city. . >¦ ' " ¦-.--¦¦ ':
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
BORN.
BAASER— In this city, August 4, 1901, to the
: wife of F. Baaser, a son. . • ,
CARSON-In this city, July 30, 1901, to the
wife : of John B. s Carson, '¦ a son. •> ,
EHRHORN— In Mountain View, Aueust 6,
ISfil, i to the wife of Adolph W. . Ehrhorn, a
; . ". dauehter.
HELMQUIST— In this city, August 3, -1301, to
the wife of A. D. Helmquist.a daughter.
OSBORNE— In Oakland. August 6. 1901, to the
wife of Lester Osborne, a daughter. . >-:
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at eitherof the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHSHHARRMES-DEATHS.
• (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ,
¦ DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth Rt., opposite Lincoln School.
. : .. Telephone .-South ,80. -'•?,•.:;.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
San Mateo County. • • .
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.'
¦.*' J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con.
ANOTHER cleaning-out eale of storage pianos
'at your own price; $6 Installments: no reserve.
WILSON" S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market Et.
pSTEINWAY. JI00: Hartman. J100; elegant new
' pianos, 5150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for eale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
X FIXE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Allister ct. .
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
. sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. SI 6 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
PROF. KNIGHT, teacher of palmistry, will
Elve readings for two weeks at half price. 6^4
Golden Gate ave. . -O i.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
MME. GERMAIXE the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to S. 90fi Market f*_
PERSONALS.
A—IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on Da. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell St.. and
you will not be disappointed; this remedy Is
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
¦ parts of the world; call or send for circular.
KOTICE— I will not be responsible for any
debts contracted by Rebecca Garner Barker
after this date. August 7. W. H. Barker,
22* Greenwich st.
527 5C-SOLID cak bedroom set; plate mirror.
*»1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
*!— Enamel beds, all sizes. TeL Folsom 13JS.
Searey's Credit House. 1«29 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
HoteL 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms;
ISc to Jl 50 per night: Jl 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
tl WFEKLY— Suits to order Irom genuine
6cct_-h. J15 up; tine dress suits, $20 up; de-
part overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
" ' Mrjket st.. between Seventh and Eighth. I
WANTED— The address of CARL WEBER,
'tailor. Correspond D". DAVIS, tailor. Truckee,
Cal.
"WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. *2 55. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1312 Stockton st.. Pear Broadway.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best j
corn cure; 25c; all
MARCEL WAVE done at the new halrdressing
parlors. 121 Mason st. A. ZIRKEL.
-A.LFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restore* gray
hair to its natural color; 51; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOTS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needie. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
TAILOR made suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 50.
Mlgfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
OLD pold. eilver, iliamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market Bt.
UASQUERADK costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN* & CO.. 733 Mkt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pas;es. :n wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
rilYSICIAXS AND SURGEONS.
T>R. C. C.~or>OXXELL^Office.and~reBidence,
1021 Market Ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully !
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis. .
A— DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; sanitarium, '
764-7C6 Ciay St.; see testimonials at office.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawinjsr. Care F. HAAS, 95 Fremont st.
ri:al bstatk — city — von sale.
BALDWIN & HOWELL7T..l<nM^t^miery~st!
SSOOO— Rents S960 a year; newly Improved
corner; containing store and flats; size 75x75,
Bryant et.
S3300 — Reduced from J4C00; bay-window cot-
tage; 7 rooms and bath; lot 30x122:6; owner
anxious to sell; Folscm st.
$1500— Leaven worth-st. corner: house of 8
rooms; bath; stable, etc; lot 4Sx6S:9.
$2500 — Sold to satisfy undivided Interests;
Ciara st., near Fourth; rents $30 per month;
lot 23x75.
$4250 — Rents 145 per month; lot runs through
to rear street; ttcre and Hat above of 3
rooms and bath; Clay St., near Mason.
$37C0 — Elegant cottage on Treat ave., near
Twenty-fifth st. : 5 rooms, bath, basement,
etc; lot £5x115, to an alley.
JT3.E00 — Sutter-st. property; large lot, SSxHO;
rents J1&50 a. year; bargain. -, - ¦..
SKOft— Cottage, 6 rooms, bath and basement:
near Cak and Ashbury: lot worth the money;
looks into Golden Gate Park.
JTiX-O— Red-jced from fTSOOT lot 27:6x137:6.
with 3 spparatc fiats, on north Fide of Hayes
ft., net too far out; wall lighted, sunny and
containing 6, 7 and 7 rooms and bath each;
present low rents J66 per month; can be
easily rented fcr ?75 per month; a genuine
bargain.
$5000— Eddy et.. north line, near Laguna;
lot 2T,:9xl20 to Willow ave. in rear; 2 modern
rmall f.at&; oost SS2rtO to build: also 2-story
house: mortgage $3o00. can remain. •
J6500— Income $56 per month; 3 separate flats
and hous-e of 6 rooms on rear street; lot has
double fr.-titage. Filbert St.. near Mason, and
running through to Valparaiso St. * .
J77.V5— Rents $S0 per month; flats and rear
house on Grove ct.; only a short distance
from City Hail; pays well.
S*200— Residence on Green et., containing 9
rocras and bath; hmjFe should be seen to be
appreciated; a perfect home; lot 26:6x137:6. j
SUNSET DISTRICT. •
Choice Eunret. Installment lots and new cot-
tages just finished on easy terms; prices mod- i
crate; payments only ?J0 per' month; lots j
levf-I; on official grade; streets macadamized^ S
ess. water and mall service; Nineteenth-ave. I
boulevard: H st. and Park entrance; also i
Eighth, Ninth and Tenth aves. Call at '
branch office, corner of H st. and Ninth ave..
fr-outh of OoHen Gate Park; open every day
BpnOa— and hcii-Jayc.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
EAETOX, ELDRIDGE &• CO.," ~
6CS MARKET STREET.
:¦*£; VA * -ESS AVE. MANSION. !
*47,5P0— An el^erar.t home on th*»northeast cor- <
B9TJ 12 room and bath; modern and up- !
to-<Jate in every detail; driveway. E ta-
s&xS-ieg"* 1 of Eddy Et - : lar " Be lot -
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE
AT A BARGAIN '
$7000— 42:4x137:6; an best bltuminized block on I
Pine St.; north side; elegant residence, I
11 rooms and bath; stable; rents low at J
*&C9 per annum; ground alone worth the
money; JSOOO mortgage can remain.
MISSION INVESTMENT
leSO^-Three-story house of 18 rooms and bath
and two modern flats, 5. 4 rooms and
bath; north side of Nineteenth st.. near
Valencia; rents J3C0 per annum; in good
condticn and always rented.
I
TTESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE
$5000— Two-story house on Octavia st near
Post; 12 rooms and bath; rents J360 per
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
J4000— East elde-of Powell st., near Washing-
ton; three-story house of 10 rooms- a
bargain.
SOtTTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
J2300— Two well-built flats of 4, 3 rooms; near
Ninth and Harrison sts.; pays 1264 per
annum.
MUST BE BOLD.
$2000— Two-story house on Norfolk st., near
Folsom and 11th ete. ; well built and in
rood condition.
WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK.
120,000— Fronting- on Park; 28 building lots for
the aitseesed value and one-half, of what
opposite property Bold for; one-quarter
cash balance flat loan at 6 per cent;
412x275 feet; a magnificent profit In sub-
divisions.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
CSS Market Street.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estate
26 Montgomery Bt Room U.
Rents collected. Full charge taken of property.
$16,500—75 ft. on Mission st. and impts. for
factory; rents $112: bargain. ' ; •.
J4S50— Stylish new flats, 4 and 5 rooms: very
Eunr.y; rente $40; Twenty-third Et.
*37jO— 2 flats. 4 & S rooms; Baker st.; rents J4L
$2000— Modern 4 and 5 room flats; California
Et. and Eighth ave.: rents $30.
$2150— Snap: Clay-st. lot. 25x100: north tide; ,
fine residence location.
J60C0 — lia.rga.in; Howard, .nr. Sth.: bus., prop.
SUNSET HEIGHTS PARK LOTS.
• J50G TO $S50. ON EASY TERMS. '.;' «
SSJ5— Eleventh ave.. betyeen H and I Et$.,
near Park music stand; cars pass block.
- $3250— Houses— easy terms— above block, C and
7 rooms, bath, <>tc.; plans at office.'
A. E. BUCKINGHAM." 26 Montgomery st.,
room 11; branch oflSce, Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
I Eugene McGinn. " McGINN BROS. I
Funeral Directors - and Embalmers, I
'. 31. EDDY STREET. :. ;' I
. Telephone South 252. - San Francisco. I
. ¦¦¦ No Connection With Any Other House. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.I
, 1239 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. 1
, Telephone South ¦ 247. . '¦----• |
CREMATIION.
The Odd "Fellows', 1 Cemetery 'Association
: Point Lobos ave.,j, F.. Cal. ¦;.
The . ordinance prohibiting -burials in San
Francisco : after - the . first . day i of August,- 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION. I Neither does
It affect the' COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing ' less harmful to ; the ; living • than the
ashes of their- dead. -;•-¦• ¦,,.'. ¦ .,---¦
to ': will, be 'Issued ;by ' the
Board of Health the same as heretofore. . ; ,
G EORGE : R. ' FLETCHER. - Manager.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfurn.
2 OR 3 unfurnished sunny rms, nr Market, nr.
town; ref. exchanged; 2 adults. Box 4584, Call.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary-Elegant suites,' newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MCALLISTER. 736— Large front room to let.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Ne'wly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished ; rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights;, day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 12G Ellis— Incandescent light ;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night; 35c to fl 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $S to $30 :- elevator on ground floor;
rooms 3»I*h hot and cold water; baths.
SCOTT. 1309— To let; furnished . room to ft re-
spectable lady, in private family. * ' v .
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
Eingle rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE CECILENE, 930 Van Ness ave.
Bachelor's apartments: elegantly furnished;
all sunny rooms; references. ¦
TURK. 804H. corner Franklin— Sunny front par-
lor, $15 ;, hall bedroom ,. $6.
VAN NESS ave., SO7— Newly furnished ¦ rooms
at reasonable rates; also suite.
"WELLINGTON. 75 3d-Nicely furnished rooms;
modern improvements; rooms $1 50 week up.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
! ROO!»LS AND BOARD. ,
ALMOR A... Twentieth and Mission; -warm belt;
new management: modern ; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board: unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181.
ELLIS. 11S4— Sunny rooms, sinsle or en suite:
new flat; modem; everything new; excellent
board; references extra; also table board.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
.rooms, single and- en suite; beautiful grounds.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Stevehson mansion; select
family hotel exceptional t)(ble;attractlve rms.
HOTEL Repelier, '7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table: special rates to tourists. . : .
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
GENTLEMAN wants furnished room with sun
in the morning; north of Market; not too far
out; private family preferred; would like
breakfast; permanent if suited. Address, with
terms and full particulars, A. L. M., box
4322, Call office. . . _^
WANTED — A ' veteran of the waris wishes a
: permanent home with a small respectable
family; expenses not to exceed $14 per month.
Addrepp "Veteran," 715% Clementina St.
ROOMS WAXT'ed.
WANTED — Rooms. 'We" list your/ rooms free
this week at the S. F. Renting 'Co.'s, 935
Market St., room 14. ..
" FRUITVALE ROO3IS.
FOR rent — Three furnished or unfurnished
rooms. Fremont ave.. MME. DAUNET.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 413 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10. , tel. '55S0.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor; trial free; send for circular. 933 Mkt, r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated ; con-
sultation free. AmPrican Disnensary. R14 Pln».
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. TeL Black 1124. 206 4th.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing: lowest rates: phone Mint 4S. 145 Sixth
SLOT MACHINES*-;;
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost $250. 1167
Market, bet. 7th and Sth; other machines.
AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-KUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
. office Post and Powell sts.; teL Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
slcn St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cons-
pany, 2520 Fillmore Bt. : phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BAKGAlNk IN TYPEWRITEItS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main "C6.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; . anti-trust:
, all makes: used machines $10 up.- 209 Sansome.
ASSESS3IENT NOTICES.
CASMALIA Ranch Oil and Development Com-
pany — Location and principal place of busi-
ness, San Francisco, Cal.; location of works,
Santa Barbara County. Cal. Notice Is hereby
given that at a meeting of the board of di-
rectors held on the 30th day of July, 1901,
an assessment of four, cents per share was
levied upon the capital stock of-jthe corpora-
tion, payable Immediately to the secretary of
Eaid corporation, at Its office, room 304 Claus.
Spreckele building, southwest corner of Third
and Market sts.. San Francisco, Cal. Any
stock, upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the second day of September,
1901. - will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment Is
made will be sold on the 19th day of Septem-
ber, 1901, to pay the delinquent assessment,
together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses of sale. T. H. CURLEY, Secretary.
Office, room 301.. Claus Spreckels building,
southwest corner Third and sts., San
Francisco. Cal. ¦ ¦ ¦
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 30 (twenty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company. 327 Market St., on and after
Saturday, August 10, 1901. Transfer books
closed on Saturday. August 3, 1901, at 12
o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notlce-^The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 32, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has. been declared pay-
able at the office of the company. 435 Call-
lornla St.. San Francisco, on August 10. 1901.
Transfer books close Auirust 3. 1901, at noon.
A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAL.IFORNIAN Land Investment ' Company,
Limited— At a. legally constituted meeting of
the above company, held In London on the :
30th July, 1900. a resolution was passed for i
the voluntary liquidation of the company and
the undersigned was appointed liquidator.
The undermentioned shareholders : are re-
quested to send to me their share certificates,
which will be exchanged for a corresponding
proportion of the company's assets. W. G.
HOWELL, 60 Gracechurch st.,\London, Eng.,
6 July, 1901. MR. ALEXANDER B. GROGAN
of San Francisco. MR. JOHN ROSS
BROWNE of San Francisco. ,
NOTICE to creditors— In the - matter of ' the
estate of WILLIAM . H. ATERS, deceased:
Notice Is hereby given to the creditors of, and
all persons having claims against, the above
named deceased, to present them within four
months after the . date of this notice to the
County Clerk of the City and County of San
Fiancisco. State of California, at his office In
the City, and County of San Francisco.
Dated July 16. 1901. v
WM. A. DEANE, Clerk,
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
. . PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's Supplies, De-
pot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgom-
ery St.. San Francisco, Cal., August 5, 1901 —
Sealed proposals. In duplicate, will- be re-*
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m.
Thursday, August 15, 1901. Pacific standard
time, and then opened, . for furnishing Sad-
dlery, '.Wagons, Machinery. Hardware, Leath-
er, Hardwood, Lumber, Wagon Parts, Wagon
Covers. Early deliveries are essential. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality, being equal (Including In
the price of foreign production and manu-
facture' the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by. the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be Indorsed ''Propo-
sals • No. 6524/ ' and addressed . to Major OS-
CAR F. LON$. Quartermaster, U. S. Army,
Depot Quartermaster. ¦ j . .
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's Supplies De-
pot Quartermaster's office, 36 New Montgom-
ery Bt., San Francisco, Cal., August 3, 1901 —
Sealed proposals. In duplicate, will be received
at this office until 11 o'clock a. m., Tuesday
August 13. 1901, Pacific Standard Time, - and
then opened, for furnishing Stove and Range
Futniture, S. P. Elbows, Stovepipe, Ranges
Stoves, Coal; Vases, ' Parts of Ranges and
Grates, G.- 1. Boilers, Stove Bolts, S P Col-
lars and Stove Putty. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic- production and manu-
facture, -conditions of price and quality, being
equal (including in 'the price of- foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon)
and such preference will be given to article*
. of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent of
the consumption required by the public serv-
ice there. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
posals will be furnished on application. " : En-
velopes containing' proposals will be indorsed
"Proposals No. 5458," and ; addressed to MA-
JOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. :
Army. Depot Quartermaster.
OCEAST TRAVEL, -^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• y • Steamers leave Broadway
fcfc- Wharf. San Francisco:
gps^j. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m. ,
ISftgaliK, August 4. Change to com-
KSwSfeftk pany's steamers at Seattle.
' H&W atHipfl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I iesHFvjsll C.>, Port Townsend, Seattle.
"! DM MgSaHt Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea
1 * an<1 New Whatcom (Wash.) —
11 a. m.. Aug. 4 and every
fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
fcr N." P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.,
Aug. 5. and every fifth day thereafter. ,
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles^Ste-amer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer • State of California, Wednesdays. 9
a. m. • ¦ ¦
For - Los Angeles, "calling at Santa Crur^
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayuco?. Port HarfonF
(San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pedro
and "Newport (*Corona only) — Steamer Corona,
Saturdays, 9 a. m. : steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. i La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a.m.. 7th each
month. ' . A
For further information obtain company 3 V
folders. *
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours ofr sailing
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
,10 Market st., San Francisco.
O'.-R. St N. CO,
Only Steamship Xjlxmo to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to n\\
points ' East. ' Thronfih ticket* to nil
pcints, *»H rail f* #»teamsMt> nn<i pail, at
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUD3 BESTH aii MEALX
SS. COLUMBIA^
Sails Aug. 1. 11, 21. 31. Sept. 10,- 20, 30
SS. GEO. W. ELDER....
-..Sails Aug. 8. 18. 28. Sept. 5. 15. 25
P. W. HITCHCOCK. GEN.Agt.,1 Montgm'y. 3.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
NSW T0BX. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAB1S.
Stopping at Cherbourg, -westbound. •
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Louis August 14 St. Louis Sept. 4
•Zeeland August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
St. Paul ..August 2S St. Paul Sept. 13
n RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero,
From New York "Wednesdays, at 12 noon..
Kensington ..August lfl^uthwark Sept. 4
•Zeeland August 21 Vaderland Sept. 11
Frlesland August 2S|Kenstngton Sept. 13 '
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting , at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing: ¦ . .
SS. AMERICA MA RU... Saturday, Aug. 10, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ
; Wednesday. September 4. l«it
SS. NIPPON MARTJ.. Friday. September 27. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. , For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Ag*nt.
PANAMA R. R.
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage, %40; Meals Free.
6. £. Argyll nails Au<». * ;
S. K. Leelanaw • walls Monday. Aug. 20.
S. 8. Argyll sal's Tuesday. Sept. 24 "
From Howard street at ! p. m. . a
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F- F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
oceanic s.s.to. »s»-»-a
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday, August 7. 10 a. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Honolulu only........
Saturday, August 10. 2 p. m.
S.*S. SONOMA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia ?. \
.;.„ Thursday. August 22. 10 a.'itt.'#a
J, D.SPHECXELS k BROS. CO., Eanerai Agents. 327 Hartet St
Gen'l Passenger Otto, 643 Barket St, Pisr Ho. 7. Pacific St
C0MPA8NIS ¦ GENE3 ALE TRAN3ATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - A .w
Sailing every Thursday, instead of ttfivij*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, »* ! *sf*»
North River, foot of Morton street: *L'AquI-
taine. August IS; La Normandie. August 22:
La Bretagne, August 29; La Champagne, Sep-
tember 5. -
First class to Havre, $70 and upward Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building), . New-
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. *
Tickets . sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw. Express Steamers.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. >
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.-*fi2M
ACONCAGUA.. Aug. fifOTJATEMALA..Ans. 22
PERU ......... Aug. >16|PALENA .......Sept. 4
These steamers ' are built expressly for Cen-
tral and ¦ South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. * 3TS California street.
BALFOUR. OUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
inJ^sTNAYY YARD^ipYALLEE
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICSLLO
9:45 a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 c' mi, except Sun-'
day. Sunday,- 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a.m., 12:30 noon, 6 p.m., 'except
Sunday. Sunday,. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Faro SO
cents. Telephone Main 15C8. Landing and ot- .
fice, pier 2, Miasioq-s^. dock. HATCH BROS.
REAL , ESTATE— CITY— FOR. SALE.
BUY' A HOME BEFORE '- "^^1"'""
'.*' THE STRIKE IS OVER.
$4500— Two splendid flats In Mission; rent foO;
north of Twenty-first 6t.; must sell.
$6000— What do you think of thlsT Three
flats of 6 and 6 rooms and bath; rent $60: lot
25x105; Valencia and Fourteenth sts.'
$15.000— Corner lot, 80x90; elegant 3-story
building; big store in corner; block from Mar-
ket and Eleventh sts.
$10,000— Golden Gate ave. property; house of
12 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6; good improve-
ments; near Franklin Et.
$16,000— Splendid corner lot, 40x137:6; house of
14 rooms and bath; Bush et., near Van Ness.
$26,000—5 elegant flats; Sutter st, near Leav-
enworth; lot 33:6x137:6; rents for $2000 year. -
$5000—2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath In
each; rents for $55; good as new; near Third st,
* $4CC0— House, 7 rooms and bath; just finished;
latest design; up-to-date; splendid location. ,
$3250— House, 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x80; "100
feet from Market St.; bargain.
HEALEY & GILLESPIE.
> -- t - --, - 630 Market st.
IF you have lots north of the park (In Rich-
mond district) that you want to sell," then
call on W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
IF you have property north of Vallejo st. to
the bay and west of Van Ness ave. that you
want to dispose of, then call on W. J. GUNN,
630 California et. - , • : ~
SIX. seven and eight rooms cottages: also two
flat houses In block between 17th. ISth, Castro
and Noe sts. ; M cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. KEL-
EON, builder. .
COZY little cottage, 4 rooms, bath and laun-
dry; fine view: lot 25x100: no reasonable offer
refused. DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market St.
REAL L.STATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
j irf ...,., rj .,¦.¦.,.¦. . .„.,.- . ,.-,.- j. .rr, ,.- -s.-.-j -./--- -.rr-.
! FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
ftoiall tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets or information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. Tt. WINFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for list.*
Wooster. Whltton & Montgomery. 654 Market.
KOSS VALLEY ItBAL ESTATE.
LARCJE^ a^id~wrraii~houses^for sale. TeasT~or
exchange: building lots and land by acre. J.
TI'NPTEAD. Pan AnsPlmo.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
LOT "wanted to build flats on. DONN ELL Y
CO.. G32 Market st.. opposite Palace Hotel.
BERKELEY-. ADYERTISEMNT&
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HOMES IN BERKELEY.
SEoO, cottage, 4 good sized rooms; $1000; 4-
room cottage; $1200, 4-room cottage, lar?e lot;
$1400, S-room cottage, fruit, flowers; $1600, 6-
rocm new house, fine bargain; $2000, new 5-
room cottage, large Jot, lovely view; J1G00. 5-
room cottage, large lot. easy terms; $2400, fine
6-room cottage at Lorin; $lS00, 6-room cot-
ta(re, windmill, stable, chicken house; $?750,
; 6-room house, near station, easy terms: $4000,
fine S-room house, nicely located: $3250. 6-
roum house, near college: $7200. lovely 14-room ;
house, built for owner's— use; $5000, new, ele-
gant, up to date 8-room house.
Come and examine our large list of prop-
erty. We can suit you.
SATOFF & WILKINS,
2121 Center St.. Berkeley. Cal. ;
I CALL and see the two new 5-room cottages I
; an: building; high basement; mantel; all the
j latest plumbing; well, tank and windmill;
10 minutes to R. R. station; price only $1400;
*100 cash: balance on easy payments. J. R.
PERKINS. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
NEW 6-room cottage, high basement, mantel.
, folding doors, tiled sink, pantry, electric and
gas fixtures; all the latest open plumbing:
only 2 minutes' walk to railroad station: V«
block to electric cars; price only $1800: $100
cash, balance like rent. J. R. PERKINS,
I Lorin Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 -
j OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway: telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND FUKMTIRE FOR SALK.
AN introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL (The), 1773 Market— Housekeeping. rooms,
410 up; others $6 up.
EDDY. S39 — Large parlor; newly furnished; use
of kivchen; no children: splendid location.
FOLSOM. 776^4—2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
GEARYj 563 — Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms.'
HOWARD, 1609—2 connecting sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; gas and bath; private family.
JESSIE. 476 — 2 nicely furnished front rooms
for housekeeping.
I MINNA, 111V4— Bay window housekeeping room,
$1 75; bay-window housekeepg. suite, $2 50 wk.
I NICE front sunny rooms for housekeeping ,fur-
i nished complete. $1 75 to $2 per week. Apply
I at shoe store, 563 Mission st.
[ OAK. 119— Large sunny basement room; yard;
i stove; clean; furnished for housekeeping; $6.
j POLK. 1C02 — Z and 5 room suites, completely
' furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
1 . 1 .
POWELL, 1401—2 or 3 large sunny connecting
rooms; sink: ras and bath; also single rooms.
TURK. 123 — Sunny rooms, newly furnished,
light housekeeping.
TURK, 525— Solar flats: fine; new; Chicago
style: 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity: janitor.
1 VALENCIA, 1222—2 furnished rooms; house-
I keeping; gas, bath, tubs; private family.
V.AN NESS, 400— 3 connecting furn. eunny rms.;
" stationary tubs; yaid; private entrance.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103U
Valencia tt. *~" ¦ •'
j ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Infnrn.
j A— BACHELOP. Hotel, 18 Mason St.; 100 newly
furnished rooms. 50c up; electric lights and
call bells In every room; elevator, baths, etc.;
first-class; central; quiet; gentlemen only.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Beet $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
£5c to $1 per night; $1 25 to t5 per week, and
j light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle: take McAlllster-st. cars.
A FREE list furnished to those wanting
rooms. Apply at S. F. Renting Co., 935 Mar-
ket st;, room 14. .
AT Shasta House. 246 Third — 200 rooms, newly
renovated: 2&c to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; a" so unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM. 820. near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 per week. : . . ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦
FOURTH, 225— Nice front room, suitable for
two. ,. -
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 156— Nicely furnished
single and double rooms; $5 up.
GRANT ave.. 29— Has changed hands; ele-
gantly furnished sunny suites; also single
rooms. $2 per week and upward; electric call;
I telephone.
HAIGHT. 222— Two or three perfectly appointed
housekeeping rooms; sunny alcove; for cou-
-ple; gas range; telephone; references.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
Bt., near Market— Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-cla3s;
£0c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; -references;
take Market-Et cable cars to Turk st.
JESSIE. 3C3, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
room, $4 per month; 2 rooms, $9. ¦.•<•";'¦
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single. ' , .
LARKIN, 707, near Ellis— Newly furn. front
room for gentleman; private family; $6 month.
LARKIN. 6C4— Large sunny front; nicely furn-
ished, $10; large back room, suitable for 1 or
2 cents. $7. -l8S&SSIft&9M£ini
MARKET, 1802— Modern house: furnlt"re new;
gas grates; running water; all outsits rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references.
MARKET, 1013 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
¦ir3' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend • the funeral to-dfiv
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from Third and
Townsend streets, San "Francisco. • Interment
Cemetery, San Mateo County.
LONGLEY— In this . city, August 6, ' 1901, Ed-
ward Frank, beloved son of John A. and
Clara D. < Longley, a native of Palo Alto,
Cal., aged 2 years 7 months and 7 days.
McDERMOTT— In this city. 4 August K, 1901,'
Thomas McDermott. a native of . Galway,
Ireland,' ared 35 years. .
McNULTY— In Santa Barbara, ' August 4, 1901,
' Anna Eloise, widow of James M. McNulty,
M. D., formerly of San Francisco.-. . ., ,
McVICKER— In Camp . Meeker, Sonoma, Cal.,
August 5,- 1901, Alexander, husband of Hessle
. (TT 1 Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), a L' 1:30 o'clock.' from the funeral
parlors of .Charles H.. J. Truman & Co., 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
Interment Mount Olivet Cen.etery, by car-
riage. \ ' • r
HUNTAMAN— In. this city, August 6. 1901,
Mrs. Hannah Huntaman, a native of Ire-
land. a<red 65 years.
(C7"Remalns at the funeral parlors of Carew
& English, 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
LAWRENCE— In this city, August 6. 1901,
Isaac. Lawrence, beloved husband of the late
Delia Lawrence, and I father of Mrs. • Mary
E. Grant. .Mrs. A. Hollabaugh and Mrs. Al
, Pierce of. Baker City, a native of South
Carolina, aged 78 years 10 months and 17
days. . ¦ : - .
LEWIS— In Alameda, August 6." 1901.' Raoul
Sylvan Lewis, youngest son of Isadore K.
and Emma Lewis, • and brother of Joseph
• Lewis,; a' native 'of San , Francisco, aged 9
months and 16 <1ays. . ' • .
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, j from the Chapel
of the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hps-
pltal, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 7:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train from
. Third and Townsend streets.
GAWNE— In this city, August 5,' 1901, 'Jenny
M., beloved daughter of the late John Gawne,
a. native of California, aged 40 years. *
HENTZELL— In Redwood City, August 6, 1901,
Nellie Hentzell, beloved" wife of Eugene A.
Hentzell, and mother of Alda Hentzell, a
native of California, aged 22 years 1 month
and 3 days. •.'"'¦. ¦ -. ¦ , ,
ITT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ' attend • the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from Red -Men' 8
Hall,' 3C0 Post street. Interment Mount
Olivet ' Cemetery.- Remains at chapel of
Golden' Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first, until Wed-
nesday, 11 q; clock.
FINNEGAN— tn this- city, August 6, 1901, Pat-
rick Finnegan, a native of New York, aged
57' years. - - ' ¦ •¦ . ¦ ¦
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. n. Metzler, 638 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ,
CHANDLER — Entered- into. rest,. In Los Ahge-
les,- August : 4, 1901, Louisa Carnegie, wife of
Colonel Chandler,. U. S.; A., and daughter of
the late Mrs. J. D. Stevenson. .- , ... •
COOPER— In this city, August 5, 1901, Mrs.
J. D.- Cooper, widow of the late Judge W. S.
Cooper, beloved mother of Mrs.' May Lando,
and Mster ' of George L. and Kate 'V. Darl-
¦infi',: a native of- -; North | Adams, • Berkshire
County, Mass. : - ' - ""¦¦
Funeral «erv!ces to-day (Wednesday), at
the funeral parlors : of " Porter & White. 122
Eddy streets, at i o'clock. Interment at
Sonora, Cal.
DOCKUM-In this' city, August 2, 1901. James
A. Dockum, beloved husband of Eva ¦ Ann
Dockum, a native of Ohio, aged 67 years 6
months and 27 days. .
[CTWill be burled to-morrow (Thursday), at
2 o'clock. All friends are Invited to attend
the funeral from 29B Hinckley. street.
CARLTON— In this city, August 6,' 1901, Wes-
loy Carlton, beloved son of Mary Carlton,
brother of, Frank Carlton, and brother-in-law
of May. Carlton, a native of California, aged
37 years 8 months and 10 days. ,
[nFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the solemn requiem
mass to be celebrated at ' Sacred Heart
Church, to-day (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock.
Kindly omit flowers. ' Interment Drivate.
BROWN— August 5, 1901, Charles Brown, a na-
tive of. the Philippine Islands, aged 52 years.
(CFFriends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, . from his late
residence, 463 Fell street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
• will: be celebrated for the repose of hfs soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
' tery.
SAN Francisco Aerie No. 5, F. O. E.— You are
hereby notified to attend" the funeral' of our
late brother. Robert Brady. . from his late
residence, 463 Fell street," to-day (Wednes-
day), at 9:30 o'clock. Members, of slater
aeries invited to attend. .
GUS POHLMANN, Secretary.
BREEN— In this city, August 4. 1901, "at hla
residence, 16 Laguna street,' Thomas, -hus-
band of Anna V. Breen. a native of County
Louth, Ireland, in his 75th year. ¦ .
AUGUSTINE— In- this city, August 4,\ 1901,
Marie ,¦ Augustine, "beloved mother of Mrs.
Louise Borchard, and grandmother of Alfred
Borchard, a native of Magdeberg, Germany,
' aged 75 years 6 months and 9 days. .
[C7"Friends : and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend «the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
Of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Sevanth and Eishth . streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BRADY — A month's mind mass will be cele-
brated at Mission Dolores Church, Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, to-morrow (Thursday),
commencing at 9:45 o'clock, for the repose
of tl:e soul of tha late Mary. E. Brady.
Friends and acquaintances are invited to at-
tend. ¦_
BRADY— In this city; August 5, 1901] Robert
E., ¦ beloved husband . of. the late Catherine
• Brady, father of Ellen M., Robert E., Kittle
and. Thomas Brady, brother-in-law of Mrs.
Mary Gcsland. Mrs. -.William H. Murphy,
Mrs. — William H. Malcolm-, and Thomas
Bird, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years 2
months and 25 days. - . . - :
Augustine, Marie. McDermott, Thomas
Brady, Mary E. ¦ .. McNulty, Anna E.:
Brady, Robert E. McVicker, Alexander
Breen. Thomas Medin. William
Brown. . Charles .-. Millhone.' James A.
Carlton, Wesley Mordhorst, Anna
Chandler. Louisa C. • Nevander. Bertha
Cooper, Mrs. J. D. . O'Connor, Patrick
Dockum, James A. Rick, Jacob
Flnnegan. Patrick Romberg, Theresa
Gawne, Jenny M. Simpson, James "
Hentzell, Nellie Smith, Gladys
Huntaman, Mr«. H. Talbot, Jerome C.
Lawrence, . Isaa.3 . . Thompson, - Henry L.
Lewis, Raoul ' . Wilmans, Stephen C.
Longley, Edward F. ; " ' *
DIED.
I desire to express my sincere thanks to the
members of the Baggage Solicitors' Union for
the beautiful floral tribute sent by them as
a mark of esteem at the interment of my late
beloved nephew, James Marlow, and also to
other friends for kind symoathy extended,
and. especially to those who had the remains
in charge, for their attention, care and ten-
derness. Sincerely, MRS. M. M. ELLIS.
* " ¦ 1010 Lombard street.
CARD ¦ OF THANKS.
ST. DOMINICS Church' Building Assoclation-
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. ¦ Dominic's Church
Building AES^ciatlon and for the parents and
relatives of living members will be sung In
St. Dominic's- Church t to-morrow (Thursday),
at 9 o'clock. *•¦-¦< ' : : -,-..¦•. ¦
IC7"Notice of funeral . hereafter.
II~y Remains at the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van" Ness avenue. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. . •
THOMPSON— In Vineyard, Sonoma County,
Cal., Henry Lee Thompson, beloved son of
P. H. and E. C- Thompson, and brother of
Mrs. 'J. H. Potter, Mrs. C. Cutter and Mae.
Frank and Ralph ¦ Thompson, a native of
Vineyard, Sonoma County, Cal., aced 29
years and 16 days.
WILMANS— In -this' city. August 6,» 1301,-
Stephen C. . Wilmans, beloved husband of
Beatrice Partridge Wilmans. son of Martha
Wilmans, and brother or F. W. Wilmans and
J. M. 'Wilmans. a native of San Francisco.
IE3" Friends , and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 -o'clock,' from her late
residence, 31 Stanley place, between Harri-
son and Bryant streets, j Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers. '
TALBOT— In this city, August «.-. 1901. Jerome
C Talbot. brother of John C. Talbot and
Mrs. G. S. Maker. of Dutch Flat, a native of
Ireland, azed 52 . years. -
S OTrlends and acquaintances are respect.
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:20 o'clock, from his late
residence, 700 Mason street, thence to St.
Mary's Church, corner California and Dupont
streets,. for services, commencing at '£ o'clock.
SIMPSON— In this city, August 6, 1901,- James
Simpson, late of Woodland, Cal., brother of
Mrs. John O. Doane, a native of Perth, Scot-
land.- a~ed • 66 yeais. • . •.,•. .-
I ' (C^Funeral will 'take place from Masonic
Temple, Post street, to-morrow . (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock. »
SMITH— In this city," August 6. 1901, Gladys
Smith (nee . Powell). beloved wife of
Albert C. Smith, and mother of Albert
Everett Smith, daughter of Vavasour and
Emily Powell, sister of Gwendolin, Vavasour
Jr., Llewellyn and Oscar Powell, a native of
New Zealand, aged 21 years 7 months and
26 days. ...
[?^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 121 Fell street,' between Van Ness ave-
nue and Franklin street. Interment I. O. V O.
F. Cemetery. „ .....
ROMBKRG— In this city. August 4.-1901. The-
resa, belov3«l wife of the late William Rom-
berg, a native , of Vienna, aged 52 years.'
E?" Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
'(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1324 O'Farrell street, thence' to St.
Mary's Cathedral, "Van Ness avenue, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock.- "Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. _ . . •
RICK— In this city, August 5. 1901, Jacob,
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Rick,
and father of . George J., Charles H. and
Emil W. Rick and Mrs. Ed Sand, a native
of "Baden, Germany, aged 64 years 7 months
and 12 days.- A member -of Valley Lodge
No. 30, A. O. U. W., and Badischer Vereln.
I ETFrlends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday),- at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McManus, Seventh and Castro streets.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land. ¦ • . " -
O'CONNOR— In this city, August 5, 1901. Pat-
rick, dearly . beloved ..- husband of the late
Mary. O'Connor, and uncle of Mrs. Joseph
Cullenand Mrs. Frank Johnson, a native of
Uunamore, County Cork, Ireland, - aged 71
years and 2 months. ¦
McVicker, and beloved father of Donald and
Margaret McVicker, a native of ' County An-
trim, . Ireland, aged. 43 years and ' 10 months.
IC?"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 153 Octavia street, thence ? to •: the
. Church ; of the Advent, Eleventh street, for
services at 11:30 o'clock. — ' Interments Mount
Olivet Cemetery.' , -•¦
MEDIN— In this city,' August 5, 1901, William,
beloved husband of Maggie Medin. and father
of Mamie.' Willie and Albert Medin, a native
of < Sweden, aged 34 years., • * ;.* • '
IC?"FrIends. and acquaintances are respect-
,. fully Invited to -attend the funeral to-day
'Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock from his late
residence, 282S Mission street. Interment
. Holy. Cross Cemetery. ,
MILLHONE— In Oakland,- August 8, =1901,
James Albert Millhone, beloved ion of Cath-
erine, and brother of W. F., John and Belle
i Millhone, a native of - Grass Valley, Cal.,
aged 39:years and 2 months. ... -"
MORDHORST— In this: city, August 4, 1901,
, at : her late i residence, 614A Fourth street,
Anna, beloved wife of John C. Mordhorst,
mother of. Letitia, Annia and Albert Moni-
, horst. sister of Mrs. Catherina Kisllh, Mrs.
Rebecka Meyer and the late Henry Muller,
and \ aunt of ; Albert Muller, a native of
¦-, Holssel,'- Germany, aged 51 years 2. months
• and 12 days. ... ':*„•-. -• '
[C5"Friends ¦ and acquamtances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the to-day
(Wednesday). from St. Paulus' German
Evangelical' Lutheran Church, corner Eddy
and Ciousrh streets, vrhere services will be
held 1 commencing, at 1:30 'O'clock. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. ' • • '
NE VANDER— In : Oakland, ; August 6, S 1901,
Bertha Nevander,' beloved daughter of^AIex-
¦ander Nevander, and sister of Alexander Ne-
vander, a native of Finland, aged 23 years.is what he meant when he told Flint he wanted
to get another brick from Herrin. Lynch ia
fighting Rea and has instructed his deputy,
Dan Flannery, to help Mackenzie -with the
Liquor Dealers' Association and the Brewers'
Association. Flannery is now agrainst Rea,
who r>ut him In. -
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it *
At a meeting held last evening at the
residence of Mrs. Jennie Bright Holden,
522 Oak street, the San Francisco Associ
ation for the Oral Education of Deaf
Children was organized. The object of
the association is to promote the educa
tion and welfare of deaf children. Henry
Walker was elected president of the asso
ciation, Mrs. H. J. Cassady secretary
and Samuel Brleger treasurer.
To Educate the Deaf.
Considerable commotion was caused at
the ferry last night by John McGee. a
long whiskered old man, who scattered a
crowd of several hundred people with a
toy cap pistol and gave Officer Henne
berry a chase»for several blocks.
McGee is a laborer on the water front
and last night imbibed considerable fire
water" in the maritime resorts. After
leaving a saloon on East street, near Mis
sion, he was attracted by the crowds at
the ferry and soon leaned against one or
the pillars observing the people come and
go A number of boys commenced to poke
fun at him and, passing in a line, each
pulled his whiskers, which were long and
forcczv
Finally the old man became desperate
and pulling a glistening .weapon from his
pocket flourished it. The crowd of pas
sengers was just landing from an Oak
land boat and the pistol wielder darted
among them threatening to send every
body to the Morsue. Women screamed
and men rushed abort pellmelL A call
for the police was sent to the Harbor Sta
tion and Officer W. Henneberry respond
ed When the policeman came upon the
ooene McGee started to run and did not
stop until the minion of the law was upon
him at Market and Drumm streets. Mc-
Gee placed his weapon against the offi
cer's breast and snapped the trigger, but
he did no harm, for the gun that had
scared the crowd was only a toy cap pis
tol. " '
John McGee .Makes a
, Scene at the Ferry ; :
Building.
SCARES CROWD
WITH TOY GUN
• I get it from San Jose that the inside bat
tle going on in San Jose, .where the push at
both ends are most interested, is the coming
city election. This, of course, is to be the
preliminary to the Governor's contest a month
or two later. Now Mackenzie has Greenlnger
programmed as his candidate for Mayor.
Greenlnger Is , now trustee at the i Agnews
Asylum, holding since Budd's time. Gage has
not. reappointed* him because of his record.
Gage has passed the word at the State Normal
School at San Jose and at the Agnews Asylum
to stand for ¦ Mackenzie against Rea. Rea
don't know this, but it is a fact. You could
get this news by approaching the doctor at
Agnews if that was net Gage's order to him.
Also -that Herrin has said Rea was expensive
and that he had to renew Rea's annual for
Mackenzie. Mackenzie told Rea he was to get
his. Herrin wants Bond of Santa Clara for
State Senator to succeed Shortrldge. Bond Is
Herrin' s personal friend and is programmed.
Sam Shortridge told Herrin he wanted Charley
returned, but he had Gage hand Charley the
Loan Commissioner to let go - for Bond. The
owner of the San Jose Mercury— he is from
Oregon — is Herrin' s, man. He traveled ylth
Herrin East in ¦ a private ¦ car and • It - Is said
that Herrin is part owner In the Mercury.
These things. Rea is just finding out and that
The true business In regard to the San
Jose fight is shown in a letter written by
a well-posVed politician. The Call is per
mitted to publish this extract from the
letter: : /••. . -.-.
When bosses fall out the honest masses
get inside information. The fight for bess
leadership in San Jose is disclosing some
interesting facts. Jim Rea objects to being
laid on the shelf and inventoried as a back
number by Johnny Mackenzie. It is com
mon knowledge in Santa Clara County
that. Mackenzie was once an understudy
in Rea's aggregation of push politicians.
It appears that Herrin and Gage took
quite a fancy to Mackenzie. In smooth
ness Mackenzie excelled. He is as "smooth
as salad oil," says Herrin. Lynch. Dibble
and Jere Burke lose no opportunity to put
in a good word for Johnny Mackenzie at
railroad headquarters. Rea has been get
ting the rough end of every deal for some
time past. • '•' . . . -
to Aid Mackenzie and Defeat Bea.
Gage, Herrin and Lynch Join Forces
S3CTRET OF SAN JOSE FIGHT.
said John "W. McCarthy, secretary of the
Fire Commission, yesterday, "and neither
Kelly nor Rainey will have the services
of any employe of the Fire Department on
the day of the primaries or prior thereto.
"The commission has gone so far as to
deny vacations during the first half of
August, that none of the men may get a
period of freedom in which to do politics.
"When a sick leave is asked the board
requires the certificates of two physicians
before the applicant's request for a lay-off
on' account of disability is granted; then
the person securing the leave must remain
in his house during the whole period he
is off duty. The ofllcers of the department
are required to call upon all sick men to
see that they are so confined, and I visit
them myself and report to the board.
"From now until after the primaries
every fireman in the San Francisco de
partment who Is able to perform his duties
will be housed in and those who are sick
must stay at their homes. No politics
will be done by them.
"President Watt personally issued or
ders for the captains that their men
should be allowed just time enough away
from the houses on primary day, except
in case of fire, in which to cast their bal
lots; that any man staying longer without
permission would lose his place, and that
any captain who gave a man leave to stay
away longer on the day of the primaries
would be removed. These orders are abso
lute and any dlsobeyal will result in a loss
of position. Chief Sullivan and his imme
diate subordinates have been cautioned to
see that the orders are obeyed. There will
be no fireman doing politics for the bosses
on August 13."
It is evident that the Phelan machine Is
not going to allow the Fire Department
to be used by its old master, Rainey. The
Phelan combine can never itself win the
love of the men on the.fire company rolls,
but it has the power "at present to keep
them locked up when Rainey wants work
done and seems determined to do it.
Mr. Harrison was in favor of proceeding
with the election, but the members were
desirous of hearing from his lips how
the club has progressed during the past
year. He told of the obstacles that con
fronted the present, board when they en
tered office, of unpaid bills and an out
standing indebtedness of $29,000; delin-.
quent membership and lack of credit. He
then dwelt on the work of rehabilitation
and told how the board had brought the
club to its present high standing and of
the improvements effected during the past
year.
Colonel Beck then placed Messrs. Leigh
ton, Hale, Hewson, Melrose and Cunning
ham in nomination. Mr. Gleason seconded
the nomination. Clement Bennett moved
that nominations be closed and the regu
lar ticket was thus selected by unanimous
vote. . .
President Harrison called the meeting
to order and directed Secretary John El
liott to read the sectoina of the by-laws
under which the meeting was held. The
chairman* then appointed H. J. Crocker
and Mr. Thornton . tellers. Their services
were unnecessary, as there was but one
ticket in the field.
It is a foregone conclusion that the fol
lowing officers will be unanimously, elect
ed at the coming election: "William Greer
xiarrison, president; ±ienry R. Mann, vice
president; John Elliott, secretary; Henry
B. Russ, treasurer; Joho, A: Hammer
smith, leader; .George James, captain. Di
rectors — William. Greer Harrison, . Henry*
R. Mann, John Elliott, Henry B. Russ.
John A. Hammersmith, George James, J.
C. B. Hebbard, Harry V. Ramsdell, W.
M. Bunker, O. B. Burns, William D.
Shea. * •
Five hundred members crowded • the
gymnasium to select a nominating com
mittee. It was expected there would be
opposition to the regular ticket because
certain members 'were said to be> opposed
to George James* as captain of the. club.
The friends of James rallied to his sup
port in such numbers that the opposition
did not utter a word during the meeting.
By unanimously : selecting Charles J.
Leighton, -. Edward Hale, Nat Hewson,
Charles Melrose and John T. .Cunning
ham to act as a nominating committee
the members of the Olympic Athletic
Club last night gave their officers and di
rectors-a hearty indorsement for the
splendid work theyhave done during the
past ' year. The selection of the regular
nominating committee ¦will ' result in tne
re-election of the entire board. .This is
what the members want, if their action
iast evening is any criterion. .
President Harrison N and His
Associates Heartily '.
Indorsed.
Olympic Club Men Elect
Regular Nominating
•Committee.
NO OPPOSITION
FOR OLD BOARD
Byron -Mauzy, Myrtile Cerf, A. M.-Currle,
Emmet Barrett, F..W. Thompson, B. A. Sam
mann, J. J. Murry, I. ;. Beck, J. McGIynn/ ¦ E.
H. Buckley,- I." Goldman, J. J. Myers, John
Gems, Louis Haacke, W. R. Conn. - J. D.
Nolan. . Martin Berwln, ' George L. Smith, F.
T. - Faircloth. D. W., Burchard. Charles Bliss.
The -Republican Primary League Club
of the Thirty-eighth Assembly District
held a largely attended and enthusiastic
Fleeting last night at Mascotte Hall, 1106
Gclden Gate avenue. Eloquent speeches
were made by D.-.W. Burchard, '.N. . W.
Kail, Z. T. Casson and Myrtile Cerf , presi
dent of the club. The speakers exhorted
their hearers to stand firm In, the deter
mined effort to overthrow bossism, and
judg-ngr from the frequent applause with
which their remarks were received,' clean
Republicans of the Thirty-eighth - Dis
trict will turn out in force at the primar
ies in order to secure good government.
The following named candidates ' were
placed in nomination as delegates -to the
municipal convention: . • ,
Thirty-Eighth District.
Charles Ellis. W. A. Colwell, James Duncan,
M. • C. Gimple, H. C. Tarbett, Robert Ash,
W. H. Chapman, P. F. Ferguson, G. H. Ochs,
W. H. Kowntz, J. B. Mahoney, W. S. McDev
itt, M. F. Taylor, 'Ben F. Rector Jr.; A. H.
Merrill, O. M. Ratto, A. P. Van Duser. H.
¦W. Mellondy. W. C. Irwln. L. Whiteman, O.
P. Beggs. Gus Schnee, H. C. Langrehr, W.
L. Coles, H. Van Worthen, James B. Barber,
Alfred Van Bargen and Charles E. Thompson.
There was a large assemblage of the
Republicans of the Thirty-sixth Assembly
District at the club-room on Guerrero and
Twentieth streets last, night. The two
branch clubs, the one at Twin Peaks and
the one of the eastern end of the district,
met and made their- nominations of.dele
gates. With the view of producing' har
mony between the two clubs the Grand
Hotel representation gave the eastern
club the right to name its thirteen dele
gates, the other thirteen being named by
a conference committee from both -wings
of the clubs. This policy proved satis
factory to all parties, and all the dele
gates were nominated. They are:
Thirty-Sixth Ittstrict.
Forty-First District.
The Forty-first Assembly District Cen
tral Republican Club. Horace Davis, pres
ident, has proposed the following as dele
gates to the municipal convention:
John C. Currier, director and secretary Co
lumbian Banking Company, 1814 Broadway:
Arthur G. Towne. Blake, Moffltt & Towne, 2524
Pierce Etreet; Charles A. Murdock, president
C. A- Murdock & Co.. 2710 Scott street; Mau
rice Brandt, tailor, 2213 Van Ness avenue;
William J. Hatman, Hat man Bros., 1620 Union
¦treet; Aurelius B. Buckingham, real estate,
£808 Jackson etreet: Sanford Feigenbaum, at
torney, 2713 Clay street; H. O. Beatty, attor-
Article XVI, section 32. No member of the
Board of Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners and no of
ficer, subordinate or employe of the Police De
partment or of the. Fire Department shall be
a member of any partisan convention, the pur
pose of which is to nominate candidates for
otflce; nor shall either of them, directly or
Indirectly, electioneer, by soliciting: votes or
otherwise, for or against any candidate for
office at any election, or for or against any
candidate for nomination before any political
convention, or for or against any candidate
for delegate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them be a
member of any committee, club or organiza
tion the purpose of which Is to nominate or
indorse candidates for office i at any i election;
nor in any way attempt to Influence or control
such committee, club or organization while
nominating or- indorsing said candidates;- nor
take any Dart in the control, management or
distribution of the political patronage of any
public officer; nor shall any. member of either
of said boards, or any officer, ¦. subordinate or
employe of- either of said departments, directly
or indirectly, attempt to 'control or in any
manner - influence the action of any officer,
subordinate or employe of . either of said de
partments at any "general, special or primary
election; and no officer, subordinate or em
ploye of either of said departments shall levy,'
collect or pay any amount of money as an as
sessment or contribution for- political pur
poses. Any person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall 'be removed forth
with from his office or employment. If the
violation be by a - member of either of said
boards the Mayor must remove such member;
and If by an officer, employe or subordinate of
either of said departments, . then the board
whose officer, employe or subordinate has been
guilty of such violation must remove such offi
cer, employe or' subordinate; and if such
board fail or refuse to make such removal,
then the . Mayor must remove all . members
of the board who have so fallod or refused."
Acting upon our understanding of thU sec
tion of the charter, the members of this board
have refrained from joining any political club
or similar, organization, and in. view of the
strong language of the section referred to, -it Is
our purpose to absolutely refrain from exer
cising, or attempting to exercise any influence
for or against any candidate for office or dele
gate to convention, or otherwise,* reserving
only that prerogative of ¦ every American citi
zen— the right to vote. ' ;
. The commission will insist ¦ upon - absolute
compliance with the above quoted < section of
the charter by every officer,' member and-em
ploye of this department, and in dealing with
any one charged .with . a violation thereof will
enforce the law in letter and spirit without
fear or favor. ; '.''... ; ', !
We quite understand howdlfflcult It 'will" be
for those who have heretofore taken an active
interest in political matters to passively watch
the progress of events 'without' participation. : ,
. Having called your attention to the' matter,
we feel certain ' thaj you will . be governed by
the clear intent of the; charter — which' Is the
will of : the people. We would • also refer you
to rule 4 of the general 'rules (page 40) of the
department covering the same matter, viola
tions of which" will be punished .with the. full
penalty.. .*.. ¦¦> / • . -. . - - . . : ,
The officers and members of the denartment
ar© ; hereby instructed to. report .. to th© com
mission any infringement of this rule.' By order
BOARD OF FIRE COMMISSIONERS.
; ;. ROLLA.V. : WATT, President. .
"The board intends to enforce its order."
The Board of Fire Commissioners, hav
ing heard that Boss Rainey was prepar
ing to plunge the department into pri
mary politics, has issued the following no
tice: « ' • , .
?u To c. the 2 f flcers - Members and Employes of
the San Francisco Fire Department-Gentle
men. In view of the approaching primary and
general election, we deem it our duty to call
your attention to. the strict 'provisions of the
charter of this city, governing . the political
action of all persons connected with the Fire
Department: . ' .
Provisions of the Charter Relating to
Political Interference Will
1 ¦".: Be Enforced. '
FIREMEN ABE WARNED
TO KEEP HANDS OFF
The club after adjournment proceeded
to the meeting.of the Republican Primary
League at its "headquarters, 930 Market
street. -
The question of holding a mass meeting
on the night previous to the election was
discussed and the matter was left, in the
hands of the executive committee for
action.
Captain Lees suggested that each dele
gate personally work to secure two
friends to be on duty at the polling booths
In the precinct.
The club unanimously ' approved the list
of delegates, and Melville. Herman asked
that volunteers come forward to . offer
their services on election. day and prevent
the slightest chance of fraud at the polls.
W. W. Sanderson, David E. Allison Jr., H.
W. Hutton, C. T. Deane, Andrew H. Gul rim,
George Lowenberg, R. J. Kline, E. A. Leigh,
R. B. Treat, A. W. Martin, James F. Norman,
Melville Herman, J. L. Davidson, Norman H.
Hurd, Charles Kaufman, L. C." Robinson, Dr.
S. S. Partello. J. E. Slinkey, W. . E. Abadie,
Charles H. Ward and Robert N. , Risdon.
Colonel R. E. Treat, president of the
club, presided at the meeting and J. E.
Slinkey acted as secretary. The president
impressed on the members present the
necessity of being watchful on election
day and seeing that all the requirements
of the law were fully compiled with.
I. W. Lees, chairman of the executive
committee, reported the following list of
delegates selected for the forthcoming
primary election: ; •
The Forty-second District Club of the
Republican Primary League turned out
in large numbers last evening at the
meeting held at Golden Gate Hall on
Sutter street.
Forty-Second District.
M. J. Olmstead. Oakland, mill hand.
5214 70. no assets; Morris Citron, Oakland,
retail merchant. $19,733 08. no assets;
George E. Stallman. San Francisco, den
tist. $834 50, no assets; E. H. Smith, San
Francisco, clerk, $479, no assets.
Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows;
Petitions in Insolvency.
Urs. Alice Flood appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday and asked him ro
withdraw the warrant she had sworn
to on Monday for the arrest of
Fred Lutton on the charge of grand
larceny. She said she had found
the diamond ring and money which she
accused Lutton of having stolen under the
sofa in her room. The Judge declined to
withdraw the warrant, and Detective T.
B. Gibson, who was on the case, intimated
that the woman may be prosecuted for
perjury in swearing to the warrant.
Mrs. Flood May Be Prosecuted.
p*"[T< HE success of the Republican Prl
11 mary League tickets a-t the polls
I next Tuesday will insure a pro
il gressive and . honest administra
tion of municipal affairs under
the auspices of the Republican party. All
the signs of the hour point to utter defeat
of the allied bosses. It Is noted with
special delight that several of the inde
pendent clubs have welcomed fusion with
the district organizations of the league.
Last night all the anti-boss elements of
the Thirty-sixth ana Thirty-eighth dis
tricts combined. This fusion will accom
plish the defeat of the bosses in these
two important districts. Last evening
when Max Goldberg heard of the union
of all the anti-bors elements in the
Tiiirty-eighth he sallied forth to find
John C. Lynch. Before midnight all the
bosses knew that their last hope of divid
ing the anti-boss forces in the district
had vanished. , ,
Consternation was created in the ,boss
camp when the news spread that all the
elements of good citizenship in the Thir
ty-sixth District were consolidating to
down the boss ticwet next Tuesday.
Last night ten of the Republican Pri
mary League district tickets were filed in
the Registrar's office. The remaining tick
ets will be filed to-night. Boss Kelly hied
six of his tickets yesterday. He is hav
ing trouble to find respectable men who
are willing to lend their names to -his
ticket. Surprise was expressed last night
that G. W. Kingsbury, proprietor of the
Lick House had permitted his name to
head the Kelly-Crimmins ticket in the
Forty-fifth District.
Leading citizens who do not want their
names associated with those of corrupt
bosses should take the earliest opportu
nity to scan the boss ticket in their re
spective districts. Time remains for
good citizens to withdraw from all sem
blance of sympathy or fellowship with
corrupt political rounders.
The rooms of the Republican Primary
League were densely thronged last night.
The intense interest— an interest greater
than ordinarily S attaches to a general
election— signifies an unusually large vote
next Tuesday.
Encouraging reports come from every
district. It is regarded as sure that
Kelly will be defeated in the Twenty
eighth District: Money is offered in^
wagers that Kelly and Crimmins will.be
beaten out of sight in the Twenty-ninth
District. In the Forty-first District Dib
ble is endeavoring to rally the demoralized
boss forces, but is making 'no headway.
In the Thirty- fourth and Thirty-fifth
districts the bosses dare not put up a
ticket. • = . •
The indications at this time point to
anti-boss success in the Twenty-eighth.
Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first, Thirty-second,
Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth,
Thirty-sixth, Thirty-eighth, • Fortieth,
Forty-first, Forty-third, Forty-fourth and
Forty-fifth districts. >
At the headquarters of the Primary
League it is claimed that every dis
trict will be won. Candidates who were
on the fence at the beginning are now
seeking anti-boss favor.
Joseph Goger, Con Sullivan, John Flaherty
Joseph Leonard, Thomas Kelly. John A Fltz
maurlce, Thomas W. Hickey. J. J. Kenny,
John Enrlght, John Tyndall, John J. O'Leary
Arthur Maguire, E. Twomey, Florence Dris
coll, James H. Kennedy, James J. McTiernan.
The Regular '.Democratic Club of the
Thirty-first Assembly District met last
night at Teutonla Hall. The following
were nominated as delegates to the next
Democratic convention:
Thirty-First District Democrats.
G. W. Delmer, G. W. Glooser, R. M. Silvey.
J. L. Wise. A. W. Morgan, P. N. Tryon, H.
Cate. H. W. Hammond, J Korten, I. Weln
staub, H. Smolz, G. - W. Fremont, George
Christman, Charles Fischer, Charles Sievers,
A. Barry, J. Constlne, M. . Radovich. • '
The following- named, gentlemen ..were
appointed to serve as . a campaign com
mittee, to meet this evening at the head
quarters of the club, 1229 Steiner street,
for the purpose of laying out plans to in
sure the success of me ticket:
Mark Sheldon, George Blum, Joseph Url, Wil
liam Loewi, P. J. Shanzer and S. H. Becker.
ney, 2409 Octavla street; Lester G. Burnett, at
torney, 1922 Broadway; E. B. Cutter, Cut
ter & Moseley, 2S10 Washington street: E. J.
Attridge, Porter, Schilling & Co., 2005 Leaven
worth street; Alonzb Trueworthy, proprietor
Palace Baths, 1115 Green street; R. E. Camp
bell, elevator man, 1428 Pacific street; J. E.
Smith, American Press Association., Abbots
ford Hotel; William H. Hammer, F. H. Ham
mer & Co., Broadway;' Herbert D. Walter,
artist, 1900 Van Ness avenue; E. J. Pringle
Jr.. attorney, 1913 Pacific avenue; Irvin J.
Wiel, attorney, 1998 Jackson street; Ft. G.
Schroeder, grocer, 221S Flllmore street; Wil
liam M. Gill, clerk. Shreve & Co.. 3011 La
guna street; James W. O'Rourke, laborer, 2924
Octavla street; F. C. Self ridge, insurance, 2438
Jackson street; Ralph C. Daniels, teacher,
Lowell High School, 1737 Green street; Fred
erick' L. Crosby, carpenter, 2009 Green • street;
Stanley Forbes, insurance, 2614 Scott street;
William Reston, conductor Union Street Rail
road Company. 1917 Green 6treet; O. C. Pratt,
attorney, 3966 Washington street; John Maisch,
swimming instructor, 1009 Lombard etreet; H.
R. Hopps, ] painter, southeast corner Vallejo
and Baker streets.
Mr. Bergez, when seen, said that pov
erty should not have led Grogan to such
a desperate measure, as he had hundreds
of friends in this city who would have
been only too glad to assist him if his
pride would have permitted him to have
made his wants known. •
Grogan, whenever he said anything at
all about his past, always claimed that he
was related to a noble family of Europe.
Just before taking his life he write to
John Bergez of this city, telling of the
deed he had under contemplation and giv
ing ill health and poverty as the causes
that resulted in the tragedy. Inclosed in
the letter was his card, which reads:
Alejandro E. Grogan, Baron de Norden
flycht.
Finally Grogan's funds began to run
low, and some time ago he bade good
by to his friends, telling them he was
going to Chile, where he expected to re
coup his fortunes. This was the last heard
of him until yesterday's dispatch printed
in The Call told them of his sad end in
the little village where he had lived for
gotten within a couple of hours' ride of
the city where he had once reigned a
prince.
It was a little, very little, item in yes
terday's Call. So short was' this tele
graphic bit of news that told of the self
inflicted death of an elderly man at Los
Gatos, that It may have escaped the no
tice of those who hastily skim over the
pages of their paper between the break
fast hour and the daily trip to the office.
Yet to those of the old-timers who did see
the article in question it evoked a host
of reminiscences which carried them back
to the palmy days of bonanza excitement,
when every mans pocket was lined with
the rich product or California's golden
lulls, iina wnen San .Francisco was the
second city or importance in the world 01
Bohemia— the other one being Paris.
'ihe man who Killed himself by taking
a dose or prussic acid was Alexander hi.
«jrogan, or *\L,ittle iirogan," as he was
known to the multitude of friends that
were His when everything was coming his
way f when he was the miniature Beau
Brummel of the world that lives by gas
light and ttie arbiter elegantiarum among
me boys who set up late.
Grogan, during his latter days in San
Francisco, was a man of over 50 years
of age. His carefully dyed hair, pertectly
ntting clotr.ee, trim figure and generally
well groomefl appearance, however, so
well assisted time in the effort to preserve
him that he hardly looked to be more than
iO. To most of his friends and acquaint
ances he was a complete mystery, and
even his older and more intimate com
panions can now recall but little concern
ing him.
St'hough his name was Grogan, of un
doubted Celtic origin, yet the man himself
was certainly a continental " European,
though from what part of Euro'pe he came
was impossible to tell, as he spoke half
a dozen languages with equal fluency. The
name of Grogan came to him from Dr.
Alexander Grogan, a wealthy physician of
early days, by whom he was adopted. The
physician died leaving a fortune verging
close to a million, but this adopted son,
owing to an estrangement that took place
between the two men shortly before the
doctor's death* was cut off with about
a hundred thousand dollars, and on this
sum he started out to continue his career
as a good fellow. His wide knowledge
of the world, his thorough acquaintance
with all the accomplishments of - a bon
vivant, his wit, generosity and general
good nature had already made him a
warm favorite, and for a long time he
was one of the most sought after men in
the city.
Sad and Mysterious Story of
a Life That Ended in .
Despair.
Great Favorite in the
Bohemian Days of
San Francisco.
THE PASSING OF
"LITTLE GROGAN"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; AUGUST 7, 1901.
Fusion of Primary League and Independent Clubs Accomplished
in the Thirty-Sixth and Thirty-Eighth Districts— --Utter Defeat of
• the Allied-Bosses at the Polls on Day of Election Is •Predicted
UNION OF ANTI-BOSS ELEMNTS
ASSURES VICTORY NEXT TUESDAY
KELLY THE HEFTER.
Are the Voters of San Francisco Willing to Hazard This Result at the
Next Election?
12
119 TAYLOR STREET.
SUGAR §^~..$4.95
MASON JARS lB^^68c
bers free. No-llmit. Elsewhere S5c to 90c.
ULIVLO Perfectly cured; correct / II R
"flavor. Usuaily 30c. «•««
DfiRTor Sher ry Wine. Gallon PP.
rUn I From A sti Vineyard. Five D HO
years old. Fit for a gentle- WUU
man's table. Regular $1.00.
butter -seessss.
day. "Why pay 43c?
SARDINES «^«fr|5c
limit. Regular 25c.
LILY CREAM I=-V°25cV
„ . . : The largo size. fcWW
Best brand on the market.
m All varieties. Pound OC»
Pure, fresh, fragrant. No^ng
prizes— just your money's**"* 1
worth. Regular 60c. V "
OH AD 5> ber ' 3 Best. 7 large bar«nr w
OUAl Better than Babbitt's /hfi
Lsually 5c straight. tuo
This sale ends August 10th. 11 p. m.
LOWEST PRICES
: EVER MADE
—IN—
WALL PAPER.
FIGURED paper Se per roll
GILT " 5c ••
EMBOSSED " lOe !•,,• '
Q. W. CLARK & CO.
653 Market Street.
'/ e *^\ Rupture Cured. 1 ; }*,
r\ «3 Th« celebrated California In- *>
W /->JESj T e nt °*, Dr- Pierce, discovered '
fr**!*! that the only remedy for Kup-
ture la Electricity, and in per-
- jr V^m^j fecting his wonderful Electro-
i^tSS c^F Skfc. Magnetic Truss and estab-
linhing its sale throughout
fmwVt&ESSm ' th0 world - ho Te to m{ -
r«C3$BHSEft malady the relief and ae-
'"^jllwEli59f!2?/ CTlTit y ?alaly sought for
elsewhere. Tni» renowned
\ * ™ "' appliance is radically dif-
ferent from all others and its action on tha
ruptured part.* ia quick and effective Cures'
accomplished by its use are numbered by th«
thousand. If ruptured investigate at once. Call
or send a 2-cent stamp for new •• BooUet No. 1."
Address Magnetic Truss Co., 1145 Broadway (near
26th St.), NewYork, or 206 Poet St., SanFrancisco.
RRTTQHRQ F0R bar bers. bak.
JjAUOHJZiOers. bootblacks, bath,
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders.. . candy-makers, canner*
dyers, flounnills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. O09 Sacramanto St
jfijyBP INJECTION. |
. | A PERMANENT CURE I
> of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea ?
? aid Gleet, cnaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
< days ; nc other treatment required. 5 V*
5» Sold by all druggists. $ VI
TOWEL
SALE.
We KaYe just received from the factoru of
L-N,-. RICHARDSON, SONS & OWDEN, "BESS
BROOK, IRELAND," a special purchase of
SEVEN CASES LINEN HUCK TOWELS, in
small, medium and large sizes.
The above Towels lire hemmed, fringed and
. hemstitched, and were purchased hu us at the
mills at much less than present prices.
Housekeepers, Hotel-keepers andthe Public
generally are asked tojnspect these Towels
without delau, Prices range from si. 25 to
$4.00 Dozen.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
JUST OPENED.
400 Dieces latest stules Plain and Chenille Dot
TUXEDO-FACE VEILINGS,
Ul. 113. IIS, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
I DR. GREEN, Sps&iaiist. I
I DISEASES OF KEN QUICKLY. CURED. 1
Q Icn £preckel« Enidinj, Rooas 418-119. <|
«A Cffics Hour*: 13 A. M. to 3. P. M., 7 to 9 P. M ,";'
® Sund»ys, 10 A. M. to 2 P. M. (•>
Split hair, harsh hair, lusterless hair,
brittle hair, falling hair all owe their ori-
gin to dandruff, which is caused .by a
measly little microbe that burrows Into
the scalp, throwing up the cuticle into
dandruff scales and sapping the ¦ vitality
of the hair at the root, causing the sev-
eral diseased conditions of the hair till it
finally falls out. Modern science has
discovered a remedy to destroy the dan-
druff microbe, which Is combined in New-
bro's Herpicide and may be had of any
druggist. Allays itching instantly and
makes hair soft as silk. Take no substi-
tute; nothing. "Just as good." •
Caused by a Germ.
All Come From Dandruff, Which Is
SPLIT, BRITTLE, DULL HAIB.
_ v
For Light Manufacturing; with power
preferred. Address,
LEAVITT & BILL, 3O9 Larkin St.
SMALL BUILDING
WANTED!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'"¦^t/^^^ Semiannual
Clearance | Sale! :
JfflzMmwii',. (SSiif^^ 1^^^ Special Bargains
; i: ;^»^^B ¦ <^verv Decent.
• ¦/^^IBilf >v< *oSwffi^^S ¦ Handsom e Bedroom Suits— Brass
>'M*^S? i l'IP«fe' 1 Beds, Separate Bureaus, Chiffoniers,
. gPpg^Jili^JfBaMi Fancy Rockers, Folding Beds'anrt
' Hj ~T^/rHl^ "'jg other household goods which you.
-atc^Mp'' ff 312 *!^ can secure at prices never before of-
. <ttSii£ s^""^ i:^P^* **§|l£ fered. ¦
.- ;*g^V?-»<— . Don't Miss This Opportunity.
.Special Discounts from. 10 to 40 per cent for cash.
v THE MONEY-SAVINGFURNITURE AND CARPET HOUSE.
- . Cash or Credit \
glasses. vP^^^ifeSS.-^
You must
get glasses that fit your
eyes, just a> you must get
stoss to fit your feet or a
hat to fit your head. If you
, were to choose your own
glasses you wou'd almost
surely make a mistake. "We
make no mistakes in fitting -
glasses, because we only fit
j them after an accurate test/
StaKdarpOptplGo..
: ?I7 Kearney 51- .5*n fr^wed
il It will pay you to bring this I
"J ad with ycu to our store.