PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CONTEST FOR THE OFFICE OF MAYOR NOW LIES BETWEEN TOBIN AND SCHMITZ,
WITH EVERY INDICATION THAT THE FORMER CANDIDATE WILL BE VICTOIOUS
Continued on Page Two
failed to accomplish the Job they were
hired to perform. The speeches were de
livered despite the interruptions. The in
incident shows that the bosses will de
scend to disorder and ruffianism in . ef- .
forts to save poor Wells from utter de
feat.
John Lackmann's administration of the
affairs of the Sheriff's office is honest and
efficient. He asks election for another'
term. Voters, Irrespective of party, can
not do better than give to Mr. Lackmann
the support he desires and deserves. In
dications at the present time point to his
election by a large majority. At every
meeting of the candidates he is cheered
by the citizens.
Frank H. Gould will be the principal
speaker at the big Democratic meeting
to be held at Metropolitan .Temple to
morrow night. T. C. Van. Ness will pre
side and William J. McGee and Joseph S.
Tobin will attend. Mr. Gould, who is an
eloquent and able speaker', will pay his
respects to Samuel- M. Shortrldge.
Rioters and Looters , Combine.
All the candidates were actively at work
yesterday. It is a known fact that the al
lied bosses have abandoned . all hope of
saving the Herrin-Burns Supervisorial
ticket. The nominees are advised to shift
for themselves. It is too \u25a0 late to \u25a0 pull
Wells out of the fight, but at the last
hour, orders may go forth for the push
to swing in for Schmitz.
-Every property owner, merchant" and
&»i^HE danger of Schmitz's election
II can be removed by a general
I rally of all the conservative and
«» law-respecting citizens to the
support of Joseph S. Tobin. The
Wcent swing of events in San Francisco
Ictight to convince the intelligent voter
that the race is now between Tobin and
Echinltz- Wells Is practically out of the
running. The forecast of politicians is
that he will not get one-half the Republi
can vote.
The tip was given out last night that
the railroad bosses, in a epirit of pique
e.nd revenge, nad resolved to throw down
Wells at the last minute and transfer
their forces to Echmitz. The tactics em
ployed in the Eutro election are to be
brought Into play agairL Perceiving the
defeat of Wells, the desperate leaders
are ready to sacrifice the industrial and
moral welfare of San Francisco to get
even. Tobin comes out openly and pledges
hto:>elf to protect the city from the greed
end rapacity of the corporations and al
lied bosses. He. stands for clean local
government, and the bosses have no use
for a Mayor whose administration they
cannot control.
Hoodlums Insult Grerman Voters.
A Jarge audience of German-speaking
citizens assembled at Metropolitan Tem-
A pie last night to listen to a discussion of
issues by eminent speakers.
Hoodlums hired by the bosses to insult
the Germans and cry down the speakers
sought by numerous demonstrations of
rowdyism to break up the meeting, but
Marcus '- Rosehthal was then ; introduced
aschairman of the, evening. J He said the
meeting was \u25a0 one^ of w American, citizens of
German birth; .The German \ residents' of
San. Francisco ; were interested in 'the wel
fare of their city. "In the days' of the Rev-
' The meeting „\u25a0 .was- . opened by Oscar
Hocks at '8:30 o'clock in .. a brief address
in German: 'He /expressed, his .gratifica
tion at the honor conferred upon. him!. to
make the ; opening address in the' meeting.
In :the! last two' years,.,he said, circum
stances had arisen : of s vast importance to
the citizens and taxpayers of San ! Fran
cisco. It ,was i necessary for every [ good
citizen to work for the people as a : whole
and not : for; himself --alone. ; It was; pre
dicted by an'eyenlhg'paper that the meet
ing, would-be -sllmly; attended, but he.re
joiced to "see/ that 1 the . hall •;. was .'as .' well
filled as ?at. any; other ; ; political meeting:
held therein^ during the present campaign.
1 Germans Are Interested. .
ment of the , audience with supreme dis
gust and those who wavered in their, duty
as citizens had reason ; to know that their
scruples were removed.. ; "^ ... .
The list rof;vice presidents. Included the
. following named gentlemen : .
F. . E. Hesthal, Rudolph Mohr, . August Jung
blut, Henry M.Wfeden, "Albert Wieland, Henry
Goecken, Charles A. Zirikand, Fred Hess, W.
T. Hess, (Charles Sweigert, Isidore Gutte, W.
J. G: Muhl, M.' Greehblatt,; Marcus Rosen thai,
Ernest Wiikens, J. ; Dwyer, Robert Capelle/
Dr. Max Magnus/ J.' W.' Costblel and Casper
ZwlerleinV ~ * ; : ' \u25a0 \u25a0' • • . ' : - '" .
IN response to a call issued by a num
ber of prominent German-Americans
i of San Francisco for a mass.-meeting
in the" interests of Joseph S. Tobin
for Mayor • an immense audience
gathered at ;*Metropolitan Temple last
night. It was a cosmopolitan gathering
and included : representatives of all the
parties. The principal addresses were in
German and the orators appealed to their
brethren from ! the fatherland to forget
partisanship and advance the interests of
the municipality by discarding all political
prejudices and casting their v.otes for
Tobin for Mayor on Tuesday next. '
The harmony of the meeting was dis
turbed at times by the disgraceful" buf
foonery of a gang of Schmitz's and Wells'
sympathizers in the gallery, who greeted
every reference to Tobin with hisses and
hooting. .Every allusion to honest govern-,
ment and the awakening of conscience in
peace-loving men provoked derisive laugh
ter. It was only when ex-Governor Budd
took the speaker's stand and humorously
invited j interruptions on the theory \u25a0' that
being well seasoned hie could stand almost
anything, that the hoodlums Abated their
Mbffortsjto stampede the meeting -by their
disgraceful manifestations of disapproval.
When! Charles A.. Zinkand attempted, to
speak after Tobin had quitted the rostrum
the belligerency of the gallery contingent
again manifested Itself in j repeated shouts
for Budd. - M r. . Zinkand was forced to;re
tira and' Budd j again took the j floor. The
outrageous conduct of the j Schmitz and
Wells hoodlums filled the respectable ele-
olutlon the Germans ,1 in America were
ready ; to sacrifice their lives for the coun
try, of their adoption; ! Resuming he said ;
What is the situation to-day? Let us consider
it carefully. Upon the result of ' this election
depends the' future welfare of- this city. • Never
before in the • history San Francisco has
there been an administration so free from the
breath of scandal and corruption.' . Never before
have , we had so ; conscientious a ' set of public
officials. As to results achieved by ! them
during, their incumbency there ; has never, been
any question. . Why, then, should there be any
question of the re-election of these -officials?
"We stand In this \u25a0 position." . There are three
tickets in; the field.? One Is admitted to be a
boss-ridden ticket' and ''dominated by corrupt
Influences. -' The Supervisorial' nominees on I this
ticket should not therefore be elected. There is
another ticket 'seeking your suffrage.'. I do not
seek to asperse the'motives of the labor' candi
dates, but I "question their, ability to "" perform
the duties of the offices : to which they aspire.
Shall , we sw'eep ; aside tried officials and place
untried men in' their places? '.The Inexperienced
man. is a danger in' local of flclallife, because
of his Ignorance of municipal affairs. -/ Who of
you. will go to a tailor to have a pair, of 'shoes'
made?., Why, : then,' -have our affairs adminis
tered by Incompetent men? v It Is not natural-
It Is an absurdity: . • .• < "• .'
The very things th« worklngmeh are demand
ing will . prove to be ' the very things -which. ' If
secured, * will "\u25a0 place ;. them , \u25a0 Irrevocably "'. In \ the
hands of the corporations . which they condemn.
They act like the man. who Is lost In a swamp
Disgraceful Efforts of a Gang of Schmitz and Wells Hoodlums to Disrupt
the Gathering by Hissing and Mr, Tobin
Disgusts the Assemblage and c Accentuates Enthusiasm for the Cause
HE incendiary outbursts of the labor agitators at Mctropoli
j£ tan Temple last Tuesday night clears the atmosphere for the
'\u25a0 public vision. Merchants, property-owners, businessmen- and
workingmen zuho are deeply concerned in the future and present
prosperity of the city can now see the danger that menaces San
Francisco. Eugene E. Schmits, the agitators' candidate, proclaims,
in effect, that if he* is elected Mayor police protection shall not - be
afforded to mercantile interests. His tavouage was significant. His
hearers understood it. Only one fair construction can be placed on
his declaration relative to the use of policemen to guard trucks. He
means that tlie force authorised by law shall not be invoked to pro
tect the merchant in his right to ship goods. ' ;" • . .
TREMENDOUS MEETING OF GERMAN-AMERICAN
CITIZENS OF SAN FRANCISCO IN INTEREST
OF JOSEPH S. TOBIN'S CANDIDACY FOR MAYOR
WELL-KNOWN GERMAN-AMERICANS WHO TOOK A PROMINENT PART IN , THE. BIG MASS-MEETING HELD
'AT METROPOLITAN HALL LAST NIGHT, AT WHICH THE CANDIDACY OF JOSEPH S. TOBIN WAS IN
. DORSED BY ENTHUSIASTIC THOUSANDS. ' \u25a0 -\u25a0, \u25a0\u25a0'"\ • - -. ... ; •'\u25a0 ,.. " '\u25a0 • • " ', V. ' '
Report That Railroad Politicians, in a Spirit of
Revenge, Are Making Ready to Send' Hirelings
to Schmitz's Support— Tobin Is Forging Ahead
BOSSES ABANDON ALL EFFORT
FOR SUPERVISORIAL TICKET
PERFIDY OF SCHMITZ EXPOSED
BY UNION MEN IN IRON TRADES
Candidate for Mayor Poses as Martyr to Principle
of Unionism and at the Same Time Betrays
,'/\u25a0\u25a0 the Cause by Patronizing Non-Union Shops
this action portrays him a man of prin
ciple, a consistent trades unionist, a
friend of the laboring people, and were
this the extent of Mr. Schmitz's dealings
he would be Justly entitled to sympathy.
But this is not the full extent of his re
lations to those who to-day are bitterly
opposing the very existence of our organi
zation. Concealed within the breast of
Mr. Schmitz lies the knowledge of hla
unfaithfulness to the cause which he now
champions. Ever since . the Sd day of,
June, when the positions of union molders
were filled by non-union men, Mr. Schmitz
has continued his business and used the
product of non-union shops, thereby
showing himself a foe to organized labor.
Drawing his check in payment of non
union castings and contributing his share
to non-union shops, thereby assisting sub
stantially and materially the non-union
employers In their fight against unionism.
If these facts are not true, that up to
within* a few days of his nomination for
Mayor he was a steady and regular cus
tomer of the Liberty Iron Works, a non
union concern, and» of the Enterprise
Foundry, a non-union concern, let ' Mr.
Schmitz come forward and deny it. Let
Mr] Schmitz come forward and further
deny _ that not until his candidacy was
suggested did he patronize the union shop
of Patrick ; Noble.
Let him come forward and still further
" - \u25a0 . " i- ' .--1
./I BOMBSHELL has been thrown from the camp of union
labor into the headquarters of the political party that has
-., taken .the name. of Union Labor, and its explosion has laid
bare the perfidy of the leader. Three union men*, representing
three iron trades unions out en strike, in an address to their fellow
laborers present unimpeachable evidence that Eugene E. Schmitz,
candidate for Mayor, betrayed the cause of unionism zvhile posing as
its friend and a martyr to its cause by using in his unionised ma-,
chine shop material from non-union shops. Dates and convincing
details are. given, branding Schmits as a trickster, unworthy of the
support of laboring men. Further, a member of the executive com
mittee of the Coremakers' Union in a statement made last night
gives' evidence that Schmits to this day is a patron of a non-union
shop. . •\u25a0 • •
Continued on ' Page . Two.
Continued on Page Two.
p5-rf=a O union labor 'of San Francisco:
.We who are fighting for , prin
vJJ. ciple, we who are sacrificing daily
bread and depriving our wives
and - children in many ' Instances of
the necessaries of life in order that we
may obtain our rights and assist o,ur fel
low men Jn the achievement of success In
a battle " for shorter hours, we who In
obedience to the commands of our or
ganizations have joined our brothers- In
the struggle against combined employers,
protest against and denounce the political
fiasco which Confronts the people of San
Francisco to-day, ih the person of Eugene
E. Schmitz, candidate for Mayor. We of
the iron trades have been contending with
the organized employers for 'five months.
On May 20 the machinists* strike occurred.
On June 3 the' iron molders went out and
from that time to this have -bravely "and
relentlessly fought the battle_ of principle.
Eugene E. Schmitz, member of the Mu
sicians', Union, proprietor of the Econo
mists Gas .Engine Company and j Union
Labor party '"candidate f or^ Mayor, In an
interview published In the Examiner of
the 29th lnst." tried to endear himself to
union labor arid pose as a consistent
unionist and martyr by showing that his
love- of principle -was stronger than $1000
per j week, J which : he ( alleges was j offered
tohlmto close his shop. -"''"- -
.To those unfamiliar with the "-fight: and
Ignorant "of Mr. Schmitz's secret methods.
VOLUME XC- NO. 153.
SAN FRANCISCO, THIJRSDAY^pOTOBEB>r31v 190 Xi
The San Francisco Call.AFTER.
Bulletin Editorial. October 29, 1901:
There is no longer any doubt that the busi
ness men, the • property-oivners, the men who
have material interests in San Francisco, are
going to ijpte for Asa R. Wells for Mayor. They
are going to do -it because they fear the- effect
zvhich the election of .an untried man will have
upon the progress and prosperity of the city.
Tobin cannot hold his party vote. He is dis
liked by the poor men/ for his. airs and anglo
mania, and he is only tolerated by the better class
of the people upon whom he ought to be able to
rely for his most substantial support. . ; ' \u25a0 .; : :';- \u25a0 '
: : -; : Then, too, Mr. Tobin is too young. 'A man;
to be property qualified for Mayor, requires
among other things equanimity. Money and youth
are not the only requisites. They are the chief
possessions of this young man, but they are not
the things thai: catch the votes of • prudent men.
No, a man to be Mayor should be a' man and not
a child: He should never lose his' equilibrium.
The situation then is reduced to this:
Tobin, young, leader of a split party, hot
headed, vain, disliked by the poor and far in the
rear. . ' ': ; :\u25a0. " ' ' ;\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 - , . '; '
Wells, a, tried man, honest, capable, safe
•for the business interests of the city, trusted by
all, and opposed by the Chronicle and Call. Wells
ought to be elected. \
The Call and Chronicle accuse Wells of the
dreadful crime of being an old .man. Those sel
fish and disgruntled papers describe Wells, zvho
is strong, active and alert in mind and body, as if
he had to be carried on a stretcher from district
to district. They have raised the old cry of cor
rupt influences, and have rigged up the old buga
boos. .'\u25a0;.'
rHE BULLETIN is twinkling like the evening stars for Wells and his ipecac Supervisor
ticket. It flourishes its faded cotton umbrella as a truncheon while it shouts the or
ders of a file-closer to Republicans to vote fcr Wells, thereby running the risk of r electing
Schmitz and ruining the city. ._ V J. ' '
What has changed the Bulletin? This is a campaign full of protean features. On
the boss side is some lightning changj\artist who makes monkeys of candidates and naim
turned the Bulletin into a. complete , Janus, with two faces, cne looking . down its own back'
aud the other down its belly. . ]\ V . w
This change occurred in the space of nineteen days, to wit, by the Almanac between
the 10th and 29th of October. We present these editorials from \the Bulletin to show the
wonderful change that came over it; and to exhibit it before and after taking /the check.
THE BULLETIN BEFORE
AND AFTER TAKING CHECK
Continued From Page One.
An Attractive Bazaar.
The - Golden Jubilee Fair of the, San
Francisco Turn Verein at Turner Hall is
still attracting large crowds. The deco
rations and the scenic effects of the
booths are unquestionably, 'the most'
unique > that have ever been witnessed at
a bazaar in this city and there are enough
pretty girls In costume to make a "Floro
dora" show look cheap Indeed. It Is a
pretty spectacle and one worth witness
ing. Last a clever musical pro
gramme was rendered by an orchestra
under- the direction of L.»von der Mehden.
There ' was : also music in St. Paull, the
Heffen Singing Society, August Henrich,
M.' Goldsam and • M. • \u25a0 Scheppler singing
solos and August Henrich and H." C. Ben
<Ier duets. \u25a0 .' . '•>
Big Benefit Entertainment Will Take
Place Next Sunday
Afternoon.
An entertainment for the benefit of the
Verdi monument fund will be given next
Sunday afternoon at the Tivoli Opera
house. The performance will commence
at 3 o'clock sharp. The monument to the
great composer will £>e erected in one of
the local parks. Many of the most promi
nent Italian families in the city are inter
esting themselves in the project. Every
person attending the benefit will receive
a beautiful souvenir containing the pic
ture and autograph of every artist taking
part in the bill. Some of the greatest
singers in this part of the country have
volunteered their services. * The pro
gramme will be as follows:;
Overture of "Nabucco." "Barber of Seville, "
with the following artists: Kepctto, Pollettinl,
Kusso, Ferrari, Cortesi and Dado. The music
lovers will have the chance of hearinc the
famous "Calumny Song" In this opera by the
great basso. Dado, in which he made such a
hit a few months ago at the Grand Opera
house with the Sembrich Company. Overture.
"William Tell": 1 trio. ""William Tell," Ava
dano, Salassa and Dado; "Romaaza." Elgncr
tna Linda Montanarl; overture of "Giocpnda";
first act of "Traviata, " Including the famous
"Brindlsi" and the duo by Sisrnorina Nice
Barbareschi and Tenor Agostini; flnala of "Pa-
Kliacci," Castellano: fourth act of "Carmen."
with Collamartni, Russo and Nlcolini.
VERDI MONUMENT FUND
MATINEE AT THE TIVOLI
tjai who, expecting to save himself without as
distance, loses his orarn lire in his struggles to
save himself. It has not been my privilege to
t« born in America, but my heart and horn*
8 re here and I take a deep interest In the
affairs of the city in which I have made my
home. I am Interested with you in securing the
best possible local government. It is the duty
of every ctitren in municipal and State affairs
to " uphold those in office whose good conduct
In deserving of approval and support. The hon
eist public sen-ant should be recognized. If you
i*more him. how In the name of heaven can you
expect honest government? If you are going
to put -intp office men whose acts during the
past three months occasioned industrial discord,
and who were controlled by irresponsible lead
ers, bow can you expect to have a good and
etJe government? You should support the
Democratic nominees for Supervisor and that
brilliant young man who stands for honest gov
ernment, progress and prosperity — Joseph S.
Tobin. (Cheers.) Look at our public buildings?
What were they until the present administra
tion took charge of affairs? Filthy in the ex
tnime and a disgraceful eyesore to visitors. We
want public utilities and in time we will pro
gress as well as Glasgow. Birmingham and sev
er*! German cities. We want our- own water
works, g&s. railroad and other utilities. But
above all we want good officials. Gentlemen, I
think you. \u25a0 . ..
. It was during Mr. Rosenthal's address
that the first outburst of the hoodlum ele
ment in the gallery came. His allusion to
Tcbln provoked a storm of hisses and
booting, which did not subside for several
minutes. During this disgraceful proceed
ing tbo audience on the main floor, com
posed . for the greater part of the best
German residents of the city, evidenced
th«dr disgust by cries- for order. The dis
reputable gang in the gallery yelled for
Budd, who was seated upon the stage,
but: Chairman Rosenthal Introduced F. E.
Hesthal and that gentleman was allowed
to proceed with comparatively little In
terruption.
Appeal for Good Government.
Mr. Hesthal, who spoke in German, said
he had resided ln^lhis city for. twenty
yean, but this was his first appearance
on the rostrum, yet the conditions" were
eucli, be resumed, that he was constrained
to lift his voice In behalf of a good and
con:iervatlve government. The statement
that: there are no issues in this campaign
he *elt was a very grave error. Resum
ing he said:
' MtJiy voter* are of the opinion that it is their
duty to -vote -for the candidate* of their party.
This Is a false impression. Every voter should
Zm privileged to vote according to his con-
must be of vast benefit to the community.'
The speaker then referred to Mr. Tobin
as follows:
*,S^ h % » d now an administration, my
friends and I speak to the Germans especially
here, because I have noticed that they are the
most conservative of citizens, the best think
ers and the best home-makers, and usually as
they pass their judgment the city of San Fran
cisco casts its vote. (Applause.) And you,
my friends, what have you had? Well you
nave had Joe Tobin for one good thing. (Ap
plause.) Now, ladies and gentlemen, I do not
Mr e TnW talk « an< ? L*? 1 . golng to' si ve -way to
Mr. Tobin. He is making strides through this
town. He is a man that has been Supervisor
nere as I have told you for two years last past
acting Mayor of the city, a man who has fur
thered your interests, a man f who has aided in
reducing street car, fares from 5 \u25a0 cents to 2V,
cents (a voice from the gallery: "What's the
matter with Sammy Braunhart?") Yes, Sam
Is the man who drew, the bill, but Tobln backed
it. He is one of the men who have helped lay
up a surplus of $£3,000,' which 1b going to bs
expended in the first twelve months among the
laboring men of San Francisco on the streets
and the parks and in the building of school
houses; who have saved to rate payers $275,000;
who have paid off $320,000 .to school teachers
and to other creditors of the city, and he has
made, one of the best public , servants that we
have ever known of in the. city of San Fran
cisco. I desire to give way to him that he may
tell you what he has done. : ' -.
One thing they tried to criticise him about,
but when his record was . looked up he was
found to be correct. .It-was In regard to rais
ing the pay of laborers from 92 to $2 50 a day.
When that matter came up he wanted to get
at the legal end of it and refer it 'to the friend
Of the people, as they call him; and the friend
of the worklhgman. City Attorney Franklin K
Lane.- (Applause.) ••\u25a0 \u25a0 . • \u25a0
What .Tobin's Becord Shows.
When It was referred he voted, and the
record shows that he voted for It and he aided
in getting the laboring men of San 'Francisco
that for years before had been receiving but $2
per day- $2 50 per day. 1 "And - if .you laboring
«men want to know how the administration has
aided you. Just go to the Park and elsewhere
When this administration came in nine hours'
work was being done there.' It has been - re
duced - without request or - suggestion and the
city ;laborer works but" eight hours a day
They have raised wages from $2 to $2 50 per day
and cut the hours of labor from nine to eight
(Applause.) . •, '\u25a0<.:{'\u25a0 \u25a0
Now, -ladies and gentlemen, I " give way to
Mr. Tobin, and I . am glad that he is here to
relieve me, . for the reason that I would have
to. rehash the old story, or If I had -to de
liver one In German It would hardly be under
stood by you. my friends. , I take pleasure in
introducing to you the next Mayor of San
Francisco, Mr.- Joseph S. Tobin. if (Applause.) •
- Budd had Just begun hi» tribute to To
bin's stability of - character^/hls : honesty
as an official and • was urging- his election
when .Tobin himself appeared'in' the hall.
. His : entrance was the signal ; for a tre-
viction regardless of party affiliations. It
should be a matter of principle and not politics.
Time brings about many changes. In local
politics changes are rapid between elections.
Mr. Wells has practically made the statement
that the election of Roosevelt depends upon
the success of the Republican party in this
city. What has the election of Roosevelt three
yeans hence to do with our local election? The
argument is quite untimely and ridiculously
lame. On another occasion Mr. Wells said
In connection with the acquisition of the Geary
street railroad franchise that In this as In
many other matters you ought to take tht
Mayor on trust. This is a bad rule to follow.
Mr. Wells has denied subserviency to corpora
tion rule and to political bosses. But it is un
deniable that the corporations have much to
say in the matter of Wells' election. This
Geary-street railroad question is an important
one, and Wells says Its acquisition must ' be
accomplished in "accordance with the provisions
of the charter, which is essentially a Demo
cratic Instrument.
In the matter of public utilities there can be
no question that their acquisition by the city
will give us cheaper water, gas and railway
fares. When the question of their acquisition
Is referred to the voters, there can- be no
doubt that it will carry. The succeedins years
are not onfy full of promise, but they may
prove critical ones In the history of this mu
nicipality. We need brave as well as young
and honest men at the head of our affairs. We
want a man like. Tobln to carry out the pro
visions of the charter. "Who is better Quali
fied to do this fearlessly and honestly than
Joseph S. Tobln? As the adviser of the di
rectors of one of the strongest financial Insti
tutions in America he has displayed qualities
\u25a0which entitle htm to the admiring- recognition
of all claeees. It is the iluty of every conscien
tious and honest citizen tq vote the Democratic
ticket straight, and to that ticket I 6ay "eln
hoch'."
Sudd's Tribute to Tobin.
Ex-Governor Budd was the next speak:
er. He spoke in a pleasant vein in order
to placate the hoodlum gang in the gal*
lery. and incidentally reproved the delin
quents for their shameful course in' In
terrupting the previous speakers.' He
provoked laughter by saying that he. had
been before the public so long that he
had become an expert in dodging every
thing, even bouquets and bad fruit. "
Mr. Budd then epoke of the duty of the
public in the matter of recognizing merit
in their officials. It was an undeniable
truth that this city was never better
served than by the present administration
during the last two years. For years the
people of San Francisco demanded an
amendment of the constitution by \u25a0 "which
they might be allowed to direct their own
affairs under a special charter \ which
should be above interference by State of
ficials/" That"chaTter " was "'given ' to '• the
people, and in proper hands its operations
MASS MEETING OF GERMAN-AMERICANS IN TOBIN'S INTERESTS.
Tobin Club Organized.
A club to advance the^ause of good
government through the election of Jo
seph S. Tobin was organized in the Thir
ty-fifth Assembly District last evening.
The meeting was held in the hall at the
corner of Twenty-second and Bartlett
streets. Never in the history of the dis
trict has a larger number of representative
men assembled for the purpose of pledg
ing to support a candidate. More than 230
members signed the roll. The officers
elected were:
President, Joseph M. Cummins; vice presi
dent, L. J. Dolan; secretary, J. J. Sullivan;
treasurer, Thomas McGraith.
tax-paying voter and every other citizen
who is concerned in the prosperity of the
city should get in line for Tobin. National
and State issues cut no figure In the cam
paign. With all deference to Shortridge-
Wells oratory it can be said that the
valor of colored* troops at San Juan Hill
is not a local issue. The issue is San
Francisco. Shall the city be turned over
to the looters and rioters?
Speaks on Issues of Campaign in Four
Different Assembly
Districts.
Joseph S. Tobin \ stock is on the rise.
Apart from his appearance at the German
mass-meeting in Metropolitan Hall the
candidate' for Mayor last night addressed
four meetings in four different Assembly
districts. In his four audiences were such
wide differences of nationality and social
condition as can only be found in a
metropolis like San Francisco. Every
hall in which he appeared was crowded,
every audience greeted him with enthus
iasm and cheered his business-like, honest
"man-talks" to the echo.
Tobln is gaining in popularity and is
receiving the confidence of all interested
in the welfare of the city. His- last ap
pearance .last evening was at Pythian
Castle, where he dropped in by invitation
to address a gathering of journeymen
butchers celebrating a high jinks.
Schmitz also addressed the meeting and
as Tobin climbed the stairs with rapid
stride he bumped right into the 'Labor
Union candidate. Tobln looked up. j
"Schmitz!" he said.
"Tobln!" said Schmitz.
Tobin then stretched out his hand, ex
pressed his pleasure at meeting the mu
sician 'and proceeded upstairs, where an
enthusiastic audience was awaiting him.
The first meeting was at Steimke'Hall,
Octavia and Union streets, where a.large
gathering of citizens of the Forty-first
District awaited him, Tobin spoke as fol
lows: .
A DANGEROUS ISSUE.
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen: This
country is dedicated to the principle that all
men ere born free and equal. I do not be
lieve that ever before In the history of San
Francisco has the ' principle been antagonized
by a Dolltica! party until the present, time.
Never before have the people of San Francisco
been asked to support a ticket selected by one
class, from one class, and to the exclusion of
all other classes. This is a dansrerous issue.
Be very careful. There is no room In this
country for classes. Under the flag we all
honor there is but one class, and that Is the
people. Let every property-holder remember
1878 and reflect. .
This is a business proposition. There is
neither Democracy, Republicanism nor trades
unionism in keeplns the streets clean, In light
ing them properly and at a reasonable cost
and in keeping taxes down to. the lowest pos
sible fleure.
He then referred to Wells' demand that
at least one honest man be placed upon
the Republican Supervisorial ticket, and
told how the Republican candidate had
declared" his intention of having ,his way
or withdrawing his name. Continuing, he
said:
He changed his mind.- "Why? Has he yet
explained why? Does it not show that there
was somebody behind him? . Did they not tell
him, "We have fixed the ticket; If you don't
like It. cet oft?" You can read In the Bulle
tin, the paper which Is supporting Mr. "Wells,
that it was to Mr. Herri n that he • looked as
the - chief . authority for the names on that
ticket. - Does not this prove that that ticket
was dominated by the same corporations and
bosses . that in the past have . debauched the
city of San. Francisco?
• CHOICE OF THREE TICKETS.
You have your choice between three tickets.
One representing one class of society; one
representing bosslsm and corporation corrup
tlonX. and the other the men who have been in
office for the last two years. I - do not intend
to «ay anything of our record further than to
remind you that we have reduced your taxes,
lowered your gas,. water and electric light ex
pense, Riven you a 2 1 / s-cent carfare for school
children, beautified your parks and made pro
vision for future Improvements. All we ask is
a fair hearing. All we ask you to do is to cast
your votes by the lisrht of what you know.
.Washington Square Hall on Union and
Stockton streets .was crowded to the
doors. The, cheers that have , 'greeted"
Tobin's every appearance were there to en
courage him* and every word he said was
listened to with attention.. He was intro
duced by. Dr. Glannini and spoke In part
as follows:" , *,
\u25a0 The ; chairman has told you that -I: am 'here
this evening on a business proposition. I have
in my hand.' the basis of that proposition. - It
is the budget of San Francisco for. the coming
fiscal year as fixed by the present administra
tion.* Upon > that bill fixing these expenditures
TOBIN GEOWS IN FAVOR
AND LOOKS A STJBE WINNER
mendous burst of. applause, to which he
responded with a modest bow. When
Budd finished his speech Tobin was intro
duced by the chairman as a progressive
young man. whose election would be of
vast benefit to the community. He thought
a man who bore the name of Sadoc, which
in an Oriental language signified "The
Just," would prove an honor to San Fran
cisco. Tobin then advanced and when the
cheering subsided he made the following
spirited and thoughtful address:
Tobin Replies to Charges.
Mr. Chairman, Ladles and Gentlemen: ' In
the course of this campaign I have been ac
cused first of the atrocious crime of being
young; secondly, of the equally enormous crime
of playing polo; thirdly, of the equally objec
tionable, aye,* treasonable act of having my
clothes made In England; fourthly and lastly,
gentlemen; of being somewhat clean In my
appearance. (Applause.)
All four of these are true. I hope, but -one.
"Which one it is, ladies and gentlemen, , you
can pick out. for yourselves. These things are
too puerile to talk about.
But while I am talking on this subject, ladles
and gentlemen, as Germans I know that you
are all deeply Interested in the athletic train-
Ing of youth. I know that the athletic train-
Ing of youth Is part of the system of educa
tion which Germany has founded and which is
to-day the brightest in the galaxy of Joys that
surrounds her head. Ladies and gentlemen,
would you prefer that- 1 v play polo or that I
pass my afternoons In the bay window of a
club telling ribald stories and drinking whisky?
(Applause.) Gentlemen, If in my career before
the public these are the only arguments against
me that my enemies can pick out then Indeed
I must be bullet-proof. (Applause.)
If I were to be asked, ladles and gentlemen,
what constitutes the primary elemental prin
ciples of the German character I should
say- domesticity and conservatism. The do
mesticity of the German I race is the
golden horn of plenty from which many good
things flow. Industry and perseverance, the
founding and building- of homes, the mainte
nance of the household virtues, the organiza
tion of an educational system which begins
with childhood- and culminates In the aspira
tions of the University of Germany— all these
things are traceable to the conservative, do
mestic oharacter of the Germans. In our own
country at the present time there Is no •\u25a0 influ
ence "so powerful in shaping the ends of uni
versal life as the influence of German philos
ophy. In all our institutions of learning the
German professors stand out as men of in
tegrity and the greatest ability. When, there
fore, we appeal to our German fellow citizens
in the name of decency, honesty and Independ
ence In public life we meet them upon a cOm
mon ground, because no man can be decent,
honest and Independent in public life unless
he is scrupulously exact about the decency
and cleanliness of his own household, and this
Is a characteristic we are all proud to note
in our German fellow citizens. After all con
servatism is. an anchor to windward which
keeps the power of city government \u25a0 straight
breasted against the walls of agitation and
discontent, and conservatism in the United
States is to a great degree founded upon 'and
rests upon the domestic,' sound, conservative,
honest Independence of our German fellow citi
zens. - . , \u25a0 . • \u25a0
Charter About to Bear Fruit.
The charter, ladles and gentlemen, which was
planted about two years ago, is about to bear
fruit. It has yet scarcely appeared above the
earth. But the indications are, ladles and gen
tlemen, that If it is nurtured and cared- for as
It. should be It 'will prove a strong and vigor
ous tree, beneath which we can all rest in
peace and prosperity. (Applause.) . "\
And the question that . confronts us now Is
whether, having planted that tree, and having
fairly inaugurated its growth, we shall aban
don it to the storms and to the turmoil of the
weather. Gentlemen, shall we glide back into
the pool of stagnation, debauchery and political
corruption out of which we have struggled at so
much cost and 'at so much sacrifice? (Cries
of "No.")
"We who have lived in ! Sari Francisco know
its history has been the history of political cor
ruption;. that decency In the City Hall : has
been a thing almost unknown; that Justice in
the City Hall, when a man had neither pull nor
power, was almost a thing unknown. For the
last two years you have had . men in office
against whom the breath of scandal has not
been breathed; men who have notbeen charged
with one dishonest act; men who ! have- low
ered your taxes to the lowest notch in. the his
tory of • San . Francisco • (applause) ; . nien who
have reduced your water rates to. the lowest
figure in the city of 8an Francisco; men who
have reduced the rates paid for hydrants from
{220,000 to $80,000 and placed the $140,000 1 thus
saved in - permanent >, improvements upon the
streets ; men who have cleaned the City Hall
for the first '. time In : its history (applause) ;
men who have lighted your " public streets as
they have never been lighted before, . and at
less cost; men who have given you honesty,' de
cency and independence in public life. And
the question is now, ladles and gentlemen, will
you turn out those men? (Cries of "No.")
t This Is ' a business proposition "and I you" Ger
mans are business men. You have your prop-"
erfy invested here. You have come , here anj
you hope to die here. .Your children will '. live
here and will die here.' You are Interwoven
with the future history " o» the . city of San
Francisco. U Your property interests \u25a0 are > de
pendent :' uDon \u25a0 Its prosperity, ' and upon ', the
decency, the cleanliness, the independence and
the honesty of officials \u25a0 whom you \u25a0 elect " de
pends the future prosperity : of . San Francisco.
Gentlemen, this la ) no political question. Is
deny that on or about October 8 he con
tracted with Van Drake's Machine Works,
a non-union concern, for the performance
of work upon materials sent to him by
the J. H. Therelns Laundry Machine
Works. These are uncontradictable facts
and sufficiently show the false and dis
loyal position of Eugene E. Schmitz. We
challenge him to show the books and rec
ords of the above mentioned concern and
prove by this evidence that while he has
espoused the cause of labor and used
unionism as a means to further his polit
ical ends he is a concealed foe to those to
whom he poses as a friend.
When we know our enemies and they
fight In the open we have an even chance.
But when the non-union supporter,
masked in the garb of a loyal unionist,
mingles with and attacks us under cover
by extending support' and patronage to
non-union establishments, then destruc
tion hovers over us.
'Union men, consider well these state
ments. They are specific and in detail.
If not true, they can be disproved. But
if they are true, then Eugene E. Schmitz
is not entitled to the support of a singla
laboring man in this city.
war. lane.
Boiler-makers* Union, 837 Mission street.
T. REARDON,
National Stearnfltters* Union, 10 East
street.
ED TWOMET,
Coremakers* Union, 52 Chesley street. \u25a0
Cathedral Bazaar.
The League of the Cross Cadet Band
gave a promenade concert last evening
at the Cathedral Bazaar at Mechanics*
Pavilion. A large crowd was in attend
ance and the music, which was under the
direction of Father C. E. Kennedy, was
greatly appreciated. The ladies expect
iarger attendances before the week is
over. Entertainments that were to have
taken place in St. Elizabeth's and St.
Mary's booths last night were postponed
in deference to the young bandsmen of
the League of the Cross, who were doing
bo much to entertain the big gathering.
No business will be transacted at the
bazaar on Friday, it being All Saints day.
The bazaar will be open, however, for in
spection.
Dr. Walcott of Washington Says Con
gress Will Take TTp Hatter at
Next Session.
Dr. Charles A. Walcott of the United
States Geographical Survey arrived in
this city yesterday from \u25a0Washington and
is staying at the Occidental. He says
that the auestion of irrigation will be
brought up in Congress this session and
he expects that a large appropriation will
be made.
Dr. Walcott says that a report on the
asphaltum fields in California has been
filed at Washington. In the near future
surveyors will go out and gather informa
tion on the oil fields and their capacity of
production.
LARGE APPROPRIATION"
FOB. HUElIGATIOir ASSURED
Tobin will speak this evening at Wack
enruder's Hall, Eugenia avenue and "Wool
street; Maennerbund Hall, Twenty-fourth
street and Potrero avenue; Twin Peaks
Hall, Seventeenth and Noe streets, and
the San Francisco Athletic Club, Sixth
and Shipley, streets.
0. i .. ; :. I .. I .. i .. ; .. i .. ; .. : .. : ., I .. I .. I .. I .. I .. : .. I .. : .. I ..;..;..;..;.q
He has done nothing for labor*. I did what I
could. During the recent labor troubles I sub
scribed what little I could afford toward the
support of those out of employment. I gave
some of them work. I sent to strike headquar
ters and offered employment to as many wo
men and men as I could arrange for. But why
talk about thit? The man mat made the
charge has practically withdrawn it.
The Labor Union ticket Is in the interest of
one class only. The Republican ticket sprung
from a tainted source. What we want is a
decent, honest municipal government and we'll
get it by supporting the officials that have
been in power during the last two years. My
parting advice to you is to vote -with an eye
to the future of San Francisco and not to the
future of any political party.
I never made any such statement or anything
like it and I'd like the people that said I did
to come on this platform and tell what they
have ever done for the workingman. I am
referring to that very honest (?) and decent (7)
citizen who edits a certain evening paper.
The only thing in my official career that my
enemies could discover was proved to be that
thing old as the Garden of Kden— a lie. These
opponents turned the searchlight of investiga
tion uson the records of my public acts and
this was all they have found.
I never said $1 50 was sufficient pay for a
day's labor. . ,
I never said $2 was sufficient pay for a day s
labor.
ONLY DISCOVERED A LIE.
The most enthusiastic greeting of the
campaign awaited Tobin at Teutonia Hall,
1322 Howard street. The audience was
composed of residents of the Thirty-first
and Thirty-fourth districts. When the ap
plause had subsided he spoke as follows:
The cordiality of your reception I feel to be
the most sincere I have yet met with. I am
delighted at having had the opportunity during
this campaign of meeting the people of thesa
districts twice. If I am elrscted I shall not for
get that to your enthuslaatl: support I owe
much of my success. In a campaign like tms.
rigorous and severe as it is. you have no idea
how invigorating is the enthusiasm of kind
friends. This enthusiasm. I am glad to say. l
have met with during the whole course of my
campaign. * . ,
Duiing this campaign I have Been accused of
the heinous crimes of enjoying physical exercise
and having a weakness for keeping my person
reasonably clean. After all.' however, these
charges involve nothing of moral turpitude ana
my plea of guilty still leaves me the right, to
deem myself a decent citizen. |
EVERYBODY INTERESTED.
Bvery man in this and other districts that
pays his taxes is interested .in preserving the
value of property and that depends upon the
election to office of conscientious, painstaking
officials. • _
I have yet to speak as Republican or Demo
crat. The appeals I make are addressed to you
as citizens of San Francisco and as ProPf^:
owners. What's the use of talking P ol "' cs
when it is business we are interested in? This
issue you must decide as men, and as man to
brother men I leave It in your *ands.
Is .an item appropriating $60,000 for the Im
provement of streets in the north end of town
and for repaying Stockton street. t
Gentlemen, there is nothing
this. It is simply a matter of P*!* 0 * \u25a0*H5, t £:
It involves no principle of politics or economics
and to the officials who apportioned that sum
you are indebted in just that amount'
there Dolitics, is there Democracy, is there
Republicanism, is' there Labor Unionism in
keeping your streets clean, in lighting them.
In cleaning the City Hall? Gentlemen. It is a
simple proposition, and it la for you to decide
as God-fearinc, honest men who are interested
in the welfare of this city. (Applause.)
Upon another point, ladles and gentlemen.
If after years of labor and toil In the factory,
before a furnace, in the streets,' in .the noil
of a sh!» or in the back room of an oftU-e
you have amassed a thousand, two thousana
or three thousand dollars, earned from, tne
labor, of your body, do you take that one, two
or three thousand dollars and give It to the
president of a labor union to invest for you?
Or do you take it to a man who knows how
to Invest money? You would take It to a- man
who has been brought ud as a business man
and knows, where that money will rest in
safety and. security and be earning you a just
rate of interest. JDo you invest It in a mine,
or do you invest it in some good Interest- pay
ing bonds? Gentlemtn. the question presented
to you is the same upon this election, is tne
city of San Francisco's trust of less signifl
cance than the one or two or three thousand
dollars that you may save? Gentlemen, re
member this, that any man in this audience
if ho saves $500 does not take It to a labor
union to invest for him. The city, of San
Francisco is worth more to any honest, pa
triotic citizen than any amount of money, no
matter how harshly and how hardly It may be
earned. . v
What the Real Question Is.
The question Is In whose hands will the city
of San Francisco be safe and who will conduct
the city of San Francisco in a manner redound
ing to the benefit of the city. We are not here
to talk about politics. We are not here to dis
cuss -political economy. We are not here to
talk about labor unionism. Mark me, gentle
men, I have nothing to say against the per
sonal repute of any man upon any ticket. I
respect them all and as I treat them I hope
to be treated by them; but at the same time
gentlemen, let me point out where think
their principles are false, where I think the
platform upon which they rest Is badly built.
This Is all I come before you for. This is
what I am upon the stump for. and, ladies and
gentlemen, if we have expressed to you can
didly, honestly, fairly, temperately our posi
tion, then we hope to receive at your hands
just consideration and a fair, candid judgment
upon November 5. I thank you for your at
tention. (Applause.)
The crowning insult of the wretches
who had evidently been sent to the meet-
Ing for the sole purpose of disrupting It
was advanced when Charles A. Zinkand
arose to deliver his address. • Mr. Zinkand
began his 'remarks, but they were unin
telligible In the hail of billingsgate that
belched from the gallery. After making
several vain attempts to make himself
heard Mr. Zinkand retired in disgust.
Three cheers for Tobln and the whole
Democratic ticket were given with hearty
good will. The meeting then adjourned.
PERFIDY OF SCHMITZ
Continued From Page One.
7 HE OTHER nominee for Mayor, the lalor candidate, is a tall man, with a mixture of
Irish and German blood. An affable men ss Mr. Schmitz, a cultured man, a Republican,
if he' is elected Mayor Ab3 Ruef mil run h.s office and be the boss of San Francisco.
Mr. Schmitz was a dire^orof Ruef's Fr.mary Leag^ an organization that was routed at
the last primary. v V;
Shoud Schmiiz be eiccied Ruef will le the Police Commission, the Chief of Police
and everything else. Behind Schmfz S Martin Keliy and a! I of the latter s following, and
C A Buckley is doing all he cm to elect Schmitz. It has been said that Sam Ramey is
L.i.nn inn Schmitz 's election That is not true. Ramey is for Wells.— From the
working lor ocnmiiz s . eitn,uuti. # ##«* *
Examiner, Ociobsr 1 5y 1901 . *
THREE-SIDED RACE FOR
MAYOR IS MAKING TALK
EXAMINER AND BULLETIN BOTH EXPERIENCE REMARKABLE CHANGE OF MIND
IN CRITICIZING CANDIDATES FOR PURPOSE OF SERVING THEIR OWN ENDS
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31,* 1901.
» j present crisis in.
\u25a0 \u25a0 B ' . • the municipal affairs of
\u25a0 ' San Francisco should
Jk make every good citi
; - ;„.. sen .pause and. .ponder.
':\u25a0[. ;A reign o( corruption
or a . reign of disorder will
be fateful to the pity's fu
ture prosperity. The admin
istration of municipal gov
ernment | does not; involve
any /.party principle. It is
purely^ a local affair. Good
government will he best
conserved by the carrying
out of the principle* of pub
lic ownership , enunciated In
the new charter. The most
important, issue before us is
the. expiring franchise of the
Geary-street- road, whose
municipal ownership and
operation Is specifically
pledged only by . the Demo
cratic platform. The Demo
cratic nominee for- Mayor
has publicly declared his ad
herence to this part of his
platform. The Republican
nominee for Mayor has pub
licly declared his opposition
to the municipal ownership
of this road; and has stated
that he and those on , the
ticket with him received
their nominations from the
corrupt representative of the
public utility corporations of
the city.
Believing that a faithful
public service and a free
dom from corrupt alliances
is the best promise of an
honest administration of the
city's affairs, we recom
mend:
For Mayor. ;•;
JOSEPH S. TOBIN.
SUPERVISORS.
A. A. d'Anconn, S. Braun-
Itart, H. V. Brandensteln,
James P. Booth, Chnrles Box
ton, A. Compte Jr., John
Connor, P. J. Cnrtln, I>. J.
Dwyer, William ! McCarthy,
George R. Sanderson, H. J.
Stafford, Horace Wilson,
Maurice ! V. Samuel*, Knox
Mnddox, Lnther Wagoner,
William G. Wasson, W. P.
Bock; Sheriff, • John Lack
inann; City and County At
torney, Franklin K... Lane*
District Attorney, Levrls K.
ByinjErton; Public ' Adminls
tor, John Farnham.
Richmond District Improve
ment Association.
CHARLES H. Hl'BBS, Presi
dent.
E. P. B. TROY, Secretary.
PLAIN TALK
FROM PEOPLE
OF RICHMOND
Continued From Page One.
BOSSES ABANDON.
It will be seen that flu wonder-working magician who made Wells pu!l down his ulti
matum has waved his v/znd or his weasel, skin over the Bulletin^ and in a brief time
Wells is taken out of the lean and slippered pantaloon and transformed mio a rugged
man clert in mind and body, white Tcbm is taken out of the heyday of life and also out of
his trousers and is squeezed into knickerbockers and set to spinning tops.
Presto, change! The Bulletin debases itself to the occas on, cashes up, swallows it
self and proceeds to instruct the voters. But they have not all had a check and are not
all Janus-faced, and reading the Bulletin before and after taking may conclude to do as
they please. ; j
BEFORE.
Bulletin Editorial, Oziober 10. 1901: fl
Peculiar problems arc involved in the choice
between candidates— problems that were hardly
foreseen a month ago, when the local Republican
leaders felt certain of victory and were jubilant,
and the Democratic organization had the blues so
badly that candidates were shy and even the
most reliable shouters silent. hva month the
situation has been changed. :
Wells has lost much of the energy he for
merly possessed. The office of Mayor under the
new charier is arduous and exacting and de
mands of its incumbent a great deal of energy.
On the other hand, Joseph S. Tobin is in the
very heyday of life, an athlete, a gentleman of
excellent mind and education, a lawyer, a
banker and a very clean, approachable and pop
ular gentleman. He is not a politician and is
under no obligation to the Democratic machine,
to which he is doing a considerable favor by run
ning. It must be admitted that the nomination of
Mr. Tobin has cured his party of the blues. It
must be admitted also that the Republican ticket
is weak in its candidates for Supervisors. Too
great confidence of Republican victory caused
the party leaders to nominate for Supervisors a
body of unknown men. Many times, many
times, the people have rued the careless citizen
ship and partisan enthusiasm which led to the
election of insignificant and unknown men to the
Board of Supcrisors. Mr. Wells h tinsel f saw
that the Republican leaders had made a mistake
and zvetit ei>cn to the point of delivering hfi ulti
matum that unless a change zuas made he would
retire from the ticket; but when the leaders ig
nored his protest he withdrew his ultimatum
and gave his benediction to the ticket. This act
of weakness will probably militate against Mr.
Wells, for a Mayor, under the charter, must
be both strong and independent. The people have
had a taste of honest administration of the mu
nicipal finances and have enjoyed a period of free
dom from corrupt bosses; they arc aware of
the extreme importance of selecting -an indepen
dent and alert man for Mayor, and for that rea
son they are puzzling over the situation.
..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0-*" :\u25a0"\u25a0 "V> ':• V v
2
AD V JSUTlSETVi. K IM TS.
The s floor Dag
Which the working man has fought for
and succeeded in obtaining is something
the wife has no share in. Her day be-
gins before his and ends long after it,
as a rule, and many a night her rest ia
jfigf. broken by the baby's
-gcgjg^ fretfulnesa. The
jfcps^Br healthiest woman
m Jf \r mu st wear out under
if.S^l^vJ?' such a strain. "What
jg>^^S^v can be expected then
/VPsR^^^jS^ of those women
"who are weaken-
Irm^^^. N. ed bywoman-
V. . ly diseases?
s*-^>a_^. V ]j O are
PySSfSSfJ * worn-out
{j/j jjf'l'f %'j and run-down will find new
' ' life and new strength in the
';\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0 f-\ use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite'
« Prescription. I It establishes
, : »-vX. V. regularity, dries weakening
" \i drains, heals inflammation
i<U and ulceration, and cures
/ female weakness. It makes
• g[g»p weak women strong and
IW?Mli sick, women well.
IF ill I It sick P eo P le arc invited to
I] j( I J |1 consult Dr. Pierce, by lettef,
•j&$3^ free. All correspondence is
. held as strictly private and
sacredly confidential. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
« I suffered with female weakness aboat eight
years— tried serwal doctors but derived no bene-
fit until I began using Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre«
scription," writes Mrs. John Green, of Danville,
Bjyle Co.. Ky. "This medicine wa» recom-
mended to me by other patients. I have takes
six bottles and I feel like another person. "
The dealer who offers a substitute for
"Favorite Prescription," is only seeking
to make the little more profit paid on
the sale of less meritorious medicines.
His profit is your loss. Refuse all sub-
stitutes.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets should be
•used with w Favorite Prescription " when-
ever a laxative is required.
DB.METERS&CO. J|Pi%
Specialists. Disease M^&p
and weakness of fBsill? _?
men. Established f&i >»*B&'Y15i
1SSL Consultation lUS; *^F
and private book '^.'SL \ \
free, at office or by .^f&v, Jgj§&^
mail. Cures guar- 1^^^^^
anteed. 731 Mar- Jl^IP?&PW
ket street (eleva- jfiS/7*>$sl&3lL*
tor entrance), San SSSKjff*
Francisco., ""^_*^E .**^'
To Cure a Cold in One Day \u25a0
Take Laxative • Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. ' All
druggists refund the money If It falls to I cure.
K.W.i Grove's. signature is on each box, • 25c. •Walter Lawrence, a lineman liT the \u25a0exn.-'
rAoy \ o£ ? t^ le Independent ? Electric? Light
Br' C. C. O'Donnell is still in the fight
arid will certainly win this time. Be sure
to vote for him for Mayor by writing his
nsme, with a cross stamped opposite, with
a. lead pencil at bea.d of blank column. •
W. E. Gerber, a well-known resident of
Sacramento,' who was accidentally shot in
the-right eye while duck shooting, is out
of danger. He was conveyed to the Lane
Hospital and at a late hour last evening
it was ' reported' that his condition was
very favorable. ' -
Accidentally Shot "While Hunting.
LOUISVILLE, Oct. 30. — Australian
Jimmy Ryan was to-night knocked out
by Jack. Root of Chicago In. the second
round of a twenty-round contest at Mu
sic Hall. The fight was for the middle
weight championship of the "West. Root
was a decided favorite. Ryan, who has
but one eye, forced the fighting, but Root
blocked him throughout and Mn the first
round had him at his mercy\and ham
mered him on the blind side continuously.
Ryan forced things through the first half
of the second round until Root landed
twice on his chin, when' Ryan began to
stagger. Then Root saw his man going
and landed a swift swing on the point of
the chin and Ryan fell like a log, the ref
eree, Bat Masterson, counting him out.
It was about fifteen minutes before Ryan
recovered consciousness.
Boot Defeats Jimmy HyatL.
The Santa Fe Railway last year was
bt-diy handicapped by the fuel question.
33<yond Mojave the company was unable
to secure coal owing to the closing down
of the Clarke coal mine by a strike. This
Ftrike has been settled anfl as there is a
j>l?ntiful supply of coal it is expected that
the fruit trains will be able to make fa^t
time to the East.
For the first time in the history of rail
read affairs in California the Southern
Pacific and the Santa Fe railways have
made a compact in reference to the price
to be charged for hauling fruit to the
Eist. The story leaked out yesterday
that the roads had come to an under
standing and there is no little prospect
of fruit shippers securing a lower rate.
.'.t is expected that this will prove a
prosperous year for fruit growers. The
ra.!!road companies have estimated tnat
they win haul 25,000 cars loaded with fruit
to the Eastern markets. Last year there
was a great scarcity of fruit cars ar.d
miich fruit v/a» spoiled owing to a lack
of cars to carry it East. This difficulty
will not bo encountered' this year.
Companies Agree as to the Hauling
of Fruit Shipments to the ' : . .*
East. : l : i'.
SOUTHERN" PACIFIC FORMS
COMBINE WITHSANTA FE
Replies are not alwayB answers.
The petition of the Whittier . Home. As
sociation of Amesburv to be allowed, to
solicit subscriptions in the schools, for a
proposed statue - ; to John Greenleaf
Whittier was taken under advisement.
Miss JL Deane's leave of absence was
extended for -a. period of SO days. *
President Kincaid was, given power to
take action in regard to the planting of
a memorial tree in honor of tho late
President and the soliciting of contribu
tions among the pupils for the purpose.
The resignation of Mary ' Peltret, as
teacher in the department, was accepted,
Louis Ferrari and eiinton Miller were
dropped from the teachers' eligible list be
cause they had not reported for duty. ;
The . following assignments of teachers
were made:
Mies A. E. O"Sulllvan, to Horace Mann Even-
Ing School ; Hiss A. O.' Griffith, to Chinese
School ; Mies Annie Whitley. No. 1 of eligible
liet. to Hamilton School; Miss A.- McDonald,
No. 2 of the eligible . list. " to Sherman . School,
Assignment of Teachers.
Hampton Institute, Hampton, Ya.; Virginia
Seminary, Lynchburg, Va. ; Atlanta University,
Atlanta, Ga.; Tuskegee Institute, Tuskegee,
Ala.; Lincoln University. Chester County, Pa.;
Virginia Normal and Cdlleelate Institute,
Petersburg, Va.; Fisk University, Nashville,
Tenn. ; Agricultural and Mechanical College,
Normal, Ala.; Oberlln College and Academy,
Oberlin. Ohio.
Principal Lyon of the Redding school
informed the board in a letter that Wen
dell Gossett, the boy who was refused ad
mission to six- schools, was unruly and
instead of suspending him she had rec
ommended his transfer to " the Lincoln.
The boy. could not be accommodated and
his name was registered. His mother was
then told to send him baCk to the Red
dins school.
Superintendent Webster's resolution
providing for the expenditure of $150J
left as a bequest by Elias Hochstsdter
to Improve in their studies the* colored
children attending the public schools was
taken under advisement. The resolution
provides for a public notice of a com
petitive examination on or before Novem
ber 15, 190L Applicants shall be at least
14 years of age and four of the highest
will be selected. The studies will include
arithmetic., 100 credits; spelling, 100 cred
its; reading, 50 credits; and penmanship,
50 credits. Each successful applicant will
be allowed traveling expenses to the insti
tution he or she desires to attend and $100
yearly will be paid for the tuition of each
student. Any one of the following named
institutions may be selected by a suc
cessful candidate:
Bequest for Colored Pupils.
Mrs. Kincaid stated that the city of
Boston had inaugurated the movement
and at present there were about fifteen
portable schoolhouses, which were used
to advanlage in. the overcrowded sec
tions. The matter was" referred to the
Board of Works, city architect and Presi
dent Kincaid to arrange the plan.
After persistently denying the charge
that the schools are overcrowded, the
Board of Education has decided on a
novel plan to relieve any congestion that
may exist in the various districts. 'At
yesterday's meeting of the board, Presi
dent Klncald stated that It Is intended
to build a movable or portable school
house of from eight to, twelve rooms as
tho exigencies require. This building will
be moved to sections wh«re the attend
ance is congested and will thus relieve tho
situation.
Barry, was. arrested last 'night and his
name was placed on the small book at the
City Prison pending an examination Into
the case by the police. : -. ; ;-:
Barry was taken in charge by, the police
after the death of Gilbert and will be held
pending an investigation. ,
Gilbert • never regained consciousness
after being taken to the hospital the sec
ond time and died shortly before mid
night: - ':\u25a0\u25a0' ~' \u25a0 V '..• .. - i
The facts of the case are those: Shortly
after 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon P.
Barry, who is a clerk in a grocery and
saloon nt 814 Howard street;, discovered
a man making off with a coat that he
had left in a back-room. He seized the
thief and a battle ensued. The two men
fought all ove.* the premises until' Barry
succeeded In knocking his opponent out.
He then called for Policeman G. K. Small
and that officer had the beaten thief con
veyed to the Receiving Hospital, where it
was found that his nose had been frac
tured and his left ankle sprained. .After
the physicians had attended his injuries
the man. who said he was Walter Gil
bert, and that his -residence -was at 13
Pearl street, was taken to the City Hall
prison, and locked up on 1 a charge
of attempted burglary. , When the
officers started to search him they
found - that he was wearing \u25a0 two
coats. Subsequent investigation proved
that the under coat was the property of
Edward Duffy, a plumber residing at 522
Eddy street, who had been working about
the building where the fight between
Barry and Gilbert took place. This dis
covery led to a charge of larceny being
preferred against Gilbert. v
After Gilbert was locked uo two other
prisoners were brought to the jail and
incarcerated In the cell with him. When
Policeman Lynch, who has. charge of the
keys, made his round shortly afterward
the two prisoners said Gilbert was acting
queerly and they thought he was crazy.
As Gilbert talked rationally to Lynch
he paid no more attention to the matter.
. At 7 o'clock It Is customary, to- move
some prisoners to the Hall of Justice and
when the police approachea the cell they
found Gilbert lying on his face on the
floor. He was breathing heavily and. was
unconscious. The other two prisoners
were asleep. x *
.Gilbert was hastily returned, to the Re
ceiving Hospital. The doctors -say there
was no evidence of Gilbert having a'frac
tured skull when he- x was first brought' to
the j hospital and they are inclined to . the
belief that he received the fatal injury
Vy a fall In his^ cell. The police have
been unable to .learn much, of the ante
cedents of Gilbert. At 13 Pearl street it
is said an ex-soldier who. went by the
name of Jack Fitzgerald resided for a
time. Letters came for j him, addressed ' to
Walter. Gilbert. ; ij . • . - ::
Walter Gilbert, an alleged burglar, died
late last night in the K«ceiving Hospital.
The doctors are not certain whether, his
ekull Is fractured, and tho pollco. are, not
certain whether his condition is .tho re
sult of a beatliB administered to him by
•P. Barry, a clork, who caught htm whilo
ho was attempting to steal a coat, or
whether he received t"ho injury which
caused his death by a fall in the prison
cell. \u25a0 "
The Automobile Club of California en
joyed u run lust night to tho Cliff House.
About twenty vehicles were In line. The
membcrB met at tho corner of . Golden
Gate and Van Ness avenues. I Tho start
was made at. about 8 o'clock. The proces
sion of automobiles, many of which were
guyly decorate'i with Chinese lanterns and
bunting, went down Market street to the
Paluce Hotel. The routa was then out
•Market street to Golden Gate avenue to
the Panhandle, thence out the Point Lo
bos road to the Cliff. The matter of se
curing some concpssions from the Park
Commissioners was discussed. There
were no accidents.
Successful Automobile Bun.
Board of Education's
Novel Idea to Believe
Congestion.
Man Beaten While Try
ing to Steal a Coat
Dies in Hospital.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, selling-
Blue Blaze won, MIes Guldo second, Battus
third. Time. 1:07%.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing—Peaceful won, Found second, Prosper La
Gal third. Time. 1:48.
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth, selling—
Lady of the "West won. Swordsman second,
Irvin Mayer third. Time. 1:55%.
Third race, one mile, -- selling— Eleven Bells
\u25a0won. Kda Riley second. Lady Curzon third.
Time, 1:41%.
Second race, five furlongs, selling— Samlvel
won, Judge Pettus second, Wlnnebejour third.
Time, 1:08%.
First race, six furlonss, selling — Le Flare
won. Sister Sarah second. Sting third. Time,
1:14%.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Jane
Oaker won. Mollle T second, Leanja third.
Time, 1:10.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Kunja won.
Judge Redwlne second. Baffled third. Time,
1:43%.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 30.— Falr'Grounds summary:
Third race, one mile and a quarter, hurdles-
Eleanor Holmes won, Dlvertlsement second,
Kobert Morrison third. Time, 2:27.
Fourth race, one mile and a quarter, , selling
— J. H. Sloan won. Pretty Rosie second, Zazel
third. Time, 2:08%. ,
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Suave
won, Ecome second, Oconeane third. Time,
1:15%.
Fourth race, one mile and three-sixteenths—
Rolling; Boer won, Denman Thompson second,
Franpible third. Time, 2:01 2-5.
Fifth race, one mile— Eva Rice won. Prairie
Dotr necond, Hel«n Paxton third. Time, 1:42.
Sixth race, one mile— Frank M won, Rasselas
second, Llndenella third. Time, 1:43 1-6.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 30.— Latona summary:
First race, five furlonKS— Wateredse won.
Pepper Dick second, Frank Jones third. Time,
1:03 1-5.
Second race, one mile and a quarter—Scorch
er won, lien Chanco second, Barilla third.
Time. 2:07 3-5.
Third race, six furlonns— Burnle Bunton won,
Moneymuas second, The Pride third. Time,
1:13 2-5.
Sixth race, on« mll« an/1 seventy yards — Oom
Paul won, Advance Ouard second, Chanipwjno
third. Time, 1:45 4-5.
CHICAGO, Oct. 30.— Ijttkoside summaries:
First race, six furlonss— Wlnir Dance won.
Dulcimer second, Lucy Locket third. Time,
1:16 2-5.
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— Aqueduct summary :
Kim race, Bay View handicap', seven fur
lonsB—St. finnan won, Otis second. Lady of
the Valley third. Time, 1:27 4-5.
Second race, one mile and 'seventy yards,
Foiiimv— nr. Ulddle won. Ilandlcapper second.
Mercer third. Time, 1:46 1-5.
Third race, six furlongB—Harouche won,
Andy Williams second, . Uen 'Howard third.
Time, 1:15 1-5.
Fourth race, nclllnsr, on« mile and seventy
ynrflp— KIlocTum won, Prince Richard second,
Hov/rn third. Time, 1:47.
Fifth me, nelllnd, five and a half furlonc*— ,
Reformer won, UrufC second, Connecticut third.
Time. 1:08 1-5.
Horses Which Catch the Judges' Eyes
on Various Eacecourses. -<
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
PUMS TO BUILD
MOVABLE SCHOOL
new class: Miss Rose Cassassa. transferred
from Jean Parker School to Kverett School,
new class, to take effect beglnninff of spring
term. '
FUGITIVE CLERK
LANDS IN JAIL
Skips Prom Russia With
Large Roll of Gold
Rubles. •
Extradition proceedings will be begun
to-day before United States District Judge
de Haven for the delivery to the Russian
Government of Simeon Ivanowgrin. alias
Valentin, who 'is wanted, by the authori
ties of the city of Rostov, on the Don,
for embezzlement.
Ivanowgrin Is a young Cossack who was
employed as clerk in Rostov by the firm
of Stefano Yegorivitch and Andrew Yego
rivltch at a salary of 40 rubles per
month, equivalent to $20. On March 6 of
this year the young man was sent to the
bank to collect 25,000 rubles for Andrew
Yegorivltch. He collected' the money and
disappeared. He went first to Japan,
CLAIMS SHE WAS BEATEN
WITH SHOVELS AND PICKS
Los Angeles Woman Sues the Sunset
Telephone Company for $10,-
OOO Damages.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3O.-Mrs. Willk E.
King, who, a few days ago had an all day
battle with employes of the Sunset Tele
phone and Telegraph Company in an at
tempt to prevent them erecting a pole
in the alley near her home, has brought
suit against the company to recover $10,
000 damages for Injuries alleged to have
been received in the encounter.
In the complaint, which was filed to-day
by Mrs. King and her husband, John
King, she alleges that on October 4, un
der instructions of the telephone company,
a gang of workmen came to the alley and
unlawfully assaulted, beat, wounded and
bruised her; that they struck her with
boards, crowbars, shovels and picks; that
they dug a hole in the ground and put her
into it and whilo she was in the hole they
put in a forty-foot pole, threw dirt and
rocks into the hole and upon her, tore her
clothes and bruised her. She alleges that
her shoulders, arms, back. Ieg3, hands and
feet were battered and bruised and she
has been ill and confined to her tod since.
from which place he Incautiously wrote to
his father In Rostov, inclosing: his photo
graph. Then he visited China and sent
another letter and photograph. Inter
cepted, of course, by the Russian police.
Two months ago he came to San Fran-«
Cisco and put up at the Grand Hotel, from
which hostelry he addressed another let
ter and photograph to his father at Ros
tov, which the police captured also.
The fact thnt the fugltlvo wns In this
city was cabled to Count do Wollant. the
Russlnn Charge d'Affaires at Washing
ton, who procured papers of extradition
from the State Department ami trans
mitted them to Paul kosakevltch. Consul
General In this city for the Russian em
pire. Horace Platt, attorney for the Rus
sian Consulate, laid the matter before
United States Marshal Shine and a deputy
was sent after the young Cossack, but ht»
had left the city. He was noon traced to
Pa3adena, where, like a real good boy, he
was attending the Polytechnic School.
Deputy United States Murshal McCul
lough of Lo» Angeles is on his way to this
city with the- prisoner and they are ex
pected to arrive thi3 morning. The au
thorities have discovered that Ivanowgrln
has spent but $2500 of the $12,500 embezzled
and they are confident that they will re«
cover the remaining $10,000.. ,\u25a0.>•.-
and Power Company, fell from an elec
tric light pole on Seventh street, rear
Bryant, late yesterday afternoon, and
had his thigh and leg broken. Lawrence
considers his es-cape from instant death
due to his good fortune in clutching some
lines during his fall, thus preventing him
from falling headlong to the pavement.
Lawrence, who Is an expert lineman, has
been working for the company but a few
days. Yesterday ho was standing on^a
transformer box, connecting up a service,
when he received a slight shock, the sur
prise of which caused him to release his
hold nnd fall. Ho resides at 179 Fourth
street. ' ,
Toadies and* Gentlemen: '•I am glad to 'meet
with you this evening. This is quite a distance
Albert Mahoney, Republican candidate
for County Clerk, was given an ovation.
James M. Wilklns drifted from politics to
explain "how a respectable roadhouse
should be conducted."
Asa R. Wells addressed the "audience
briefly and spoke in a subdued tone that
made it impossible for him to be heard
twenty feet away from the platform. His
speech was as follows:
brass band had been engaged for the
meeting, but it failed to show up, and the
speakers- filled in time by "swapping
stories," pending the arrival of Candidate
Wells. . •
The hall was filled to the doors, but the
Republican nominee for Mayor failed to
arouse even a single cheer. When he was
introduced by Chairman John S. Part
ridge as "your next Mayor" a man in the
audience called for- "three cheers for
Wells." His companion was the only one
to reply, and he only went as far as shout
ing ."Hip, hip," and collapsed before
reaching the "hurrah-" /
My friends: I feel that I am either at homo
or very near home, for' I own a large house
right up the avenue here. ( I don't live in it
just now, but I did live there for some time,
and I see many faces here that I know and
am glad to know. I have had a great deal of
respect for the wisdom and management in
public affairs of the people who live In the
Forty-first District. It is a very large and im
portant district to the Republican party. They
told me this year there were eome differences;
there were two factions. They felt afraid there
might be trouble In the campaign by reason
of these, divisions, and I said: "Oh, well, I
know the people pretty well up there, and
when it comes round election day they will
unite and un!»ss there is some very good rea
son they will vote the Republican ticket." I.
still think so. and I hope that this division,
th»se two factions, will In some way come to
gether. It is not only unpleasant to the can-
Nothing to Say on Issues.
chairman a brass band of three instru
ments made a din by playing "For He's a
Jolly Good Fellcvvu"
The venerable Republican nominee
made a short address and gave every sign
of being thoroughly "tired out." His
voice lacked volume and he seemed at a
less for words at times. He spoke as fol
lows: -
Charles A. Murdock was called to the
chair, and he "jollied" the audience by
assuring them that all "family differ
ences" had been buried and that the en
tire district was a unit to secure. the elec
tion of Wells. Broad smiles on the faces
of many of those present indicated just
how deep the "differences" had been in
terred.
• When .Wells "was j Introduced' 'by -the
H. G. W. Dinkelspiel called # the meeting
to order and predicted that* the district
would give a large majority for the entire
Republican ticket.
Asa R. V.'ells, the Republican nominee
for Mayor, was billed as the star attrac
tion of the evening:, but the cordiality of
his reception was mainly due to a crowd
of "rooters" in one corner ot the small
hall.
by the Republican voters. Pixley
Hall, Polk street and Pacific avenue, was
the meeting place.
ABOXFIRE and a brass band did
not help to attract a large gath
ering at the meeting held in the
Forty-first District last evening
from the northern part of the town. .1 find,
where I just attended another meeting where
I found a great many Republicans, and judg
ing from the looks I should say there were a
great many Republicans here. I have not very
much to say about the issues, as they call
them. I know of no issues but what has-been
mentioned — been discussed and been heard from
through the press. The greatest Issue of all Is
to have proper men In office and that is for
you, my friends, to decide who you will place
in the important offices of this government.
As for myself, I can only say whatever I un
dertook to do so far In life I think' I have done
it well. I have been in business here for many
years. I have yet to hear of the first citizen
and business man that has complained of my
dealings. Since I went to the City Hall I have
attended to business strictly. I am doing so
at the present- time. I am spending the busi
ness hours of each day at my desk in the City
Hall at this time. I can only say that if you
place me at the head of the municipality I
shall endeavor to do my duty and that when I
shall step down it will be the last of ray politi
cal ambition, and I shall endeavor to have your
good word when I do step down.
Among those who delivered .two-minute
addresses were A. P. Van Duzer, William
Offerman, Percy Beamish,. Joseph S. Ny
land, Alfred Lilienfeld, Fred- -Eggers,
Charles A. Low and Charles H. Stanyan.
STRANGE DEATH
OF A PRISONER
Short addresses were also made by Hor
ace Davies, J. M. Wllkins, Df. Charles A.
Glover, Maurice Brandt, Thomas W. Col
lins and Arthur Flsk. \u25a0\u25a0
The reception accorded Asa R. "Wells
last evening at the meeting held In the
Thirty-third and Thirty-fifth districts at
Mang-els Hall, Twenty-fourth and Folsom
streets, was decidedly lacking in enthusi
asm. - . - '•«•'" -\u25a0"-> .-•-*" - - \u25a0\u25a0SJ-.7. 4
My friends, you don't expect me to say any
thing upon the Issues. I suppose that has
been pretty well touched upon both from the
platform and In the papers. I think we all
understand ourselves In this matter; and I
think. that you believe the fact that I belong
to no man or set 'of men, and that If I am
Mayor I shall certainly be Mayor and that I
will attend to business. I always did in my
own affairs. Those who know me know that
my business was always looked after, and par
ticularly since I went into " the City Hall. I
believe that T have done my duty and the peo
ple are satisfied with my work. I thank you.
• Onlv One Man Cheered. '
didates but it Is unpleasant to the party Itself,
and particularly the Republicans that live in
this district. I am ?lad. to know that we all
put our shoulder to the wheel now and move
on in the rl?ht direction.
Bonfires, and Brass Band Attract Large Gatherings, but the* Railroad Candidate for Mayor Is Listened To in Marked Sjlence.
Venerable Nominee Presents Fatigued Attitude and Call for Cheers Fails to Arouse an Answer.
LITTLE ENTHUSIASM IS SHOWN BY REPUBLICAN VOTERS WHEN ASA R. WELLS MAKES
HIS APPEARANCE AT DISTRICT MEETINGS HELD IN WESTERN ADDITION AND MISSION
"I spoke briefly to the machinists," said
Schmitz, "and told them I was too good
a union man to patronize a 'scab' foun
dry. I referred them to Secretary Wis
1<t and Business Agent McCabe of the
Iron molders, who both supported 'what
I had said."
R. L "Wisler, secretary of the Machin
ists* Union, and William McCabe, secre-
Uiry of the 'Iron Molders' Union, spoke
after Schmitz. They said that often
times they had notified Schmitz that
there was a probability of a shop being
declared unfair and that as soon as so
iriormed he had withdrawn his business
therefrom and given it to one about
whose union principles there could be no
question. .-•' ' :
Eugene F. SchmJtz appeared before
>Jachini5ts' Union No. 3C3 last night to
refute the Ftatement made by P. H. Mc-
Carthy in reference to hia having used
c-iFting made Jn a "s«cab" foundry- The
irieeting was held behind closed doors.
Later Schmitz announced that he had
told the machinists that the statement
was false and had denounced McCarthy
for issuing It.
Schmitz Makes Statement.
Harmony Hal!, on Ml5«Ion street near
Fourteenth, was next visited by Schmitz.
The meotlnjr was hold under the aunpiccs
r.f the Thirty-fourth Assembly District
Oub. and .in audience of 150 greeted him,
PrhmMs at this* m^ctlnp practically rc
pt-atfl his addrocs delivered a few mtn
t:!*>s before. Other candidates of the
t'nlon Labor party also addressed both
mcotincs.
If I am elected Mayor I win be Mayor of the
whoJe city. You need school houses in thla
district. You n»ed th«»m In other district*.
Hayes Valley t* Just an dear to me as any other
jnrt of the city— ae dear i.« Is North Beach or
tJ tt illusion. J will remember that I have been
chosen Trom t1v> ranks of the working people,
end evf-ry worklnKman who cppeal* to me will
rr.t-fX with a full measure of consideration.
When my t»rm of offW expire I know that no
mim will have cause to reflect upon my admin-
JMratlon.
The upholding of this ticket will Improve
your condition; It will Improve that of your
wives ar.d children. Politicians eay that if you
vote the labor ticket you are up against It;
that eajital wil: be driven from the city. Do
not let them fool you. Capital can always take
o;ir<» of Itself.
J&esns Improved Conditions.
How can a man born with a silver sr>oon in
h:s mouth, who wears good clothes, and whose
h::nd£ have never been soiled with toil, know
the fears, the trials and the tribulations of the
v.ase-earnere? I have always had to work
hard. No man, unless he has gone through
these trials and tribulation*, can tell what the
cvwage workireroan has to suffer. Therefore
I implore you to vote the labor ticket,
The Bulletin, which Is like a weathercock in
a. gale of wind, tells us that Wells has just as
much money a-s Tobin. I have no such recom
mendation. Mv oniy reeommenCatlon, and the
o:ily one on which I wish to stand, is that 1
hive had to earn my own living. The oily
ton§ued politicians will tell you nice things
about their candidates. They will promise you
everything. After election, when yon need sym
psitfcy and need 5t bad. you will find their
lM-arts have turned to Etone.
"Will you vote for a ticket controlled by a
lot of political bosses as is the Republican
ticket — a ticket dominated by the Southern Pa
cific Company, and which if its nominees would
£et into power would throttle every working
rian? Or will you vole the Democratic ticket,
which means a continuation of the Phelan-Mc
2\ab organization, with its salary-eating Board
of Public Vv'orki? Or will you vote the Union
Labor party ticket, whose nominees will up
hold labor? I knew I jun not far wrong when
I say that nine-tenths of the wage earners of
the city will j«le the Union Labor party ticket.
Politicians make promises and just as easily
\u25a0break them. You may fool some people some of
the time, but you cannot tool all the people all
ihe time. That is just the position we stand
iiu We will roll up euch a majority on Xovem
l':r i as will put tear into the hearts of these
looling politicians.
Heretofore the morning newspapers, espe
cially The Call and Chronicle, have been stat
ing that small boys seeking election "cards have
lormed the bulk of the attendance at the meet
ings of the Union Labor party. Since that
magnificent demonstration of last night at
Metropolitan Temple they have awakened to
the fact that some few people other than small
toys attend our meetings.
This is a contest for representation ana every
Tiaa who works for a living Ehuuld stand up
*jid work for the Union Labor party ticket.
We have in our ranks in the neighborhood of
50,000 voters. As there are but 76,000 voters on
the great register if we -stand together the
vnited forces of the Democratic and Repub
lican parties cannot overcome us. "
Promises of Politicians.
press his views upon the issues
governing the present municipal cam
paign. Howry's Hall, at Grove and La
guca streets, was filled with a large and
earnest ciow<5 of workers. Both the
Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Assem
bly districts were drawn upon to furnish
the audience that greeted Schmitz, and
well did they respond.
A large number of Graying firms in the
city have' their stables in this vicinity.
There are several large breweries, a big
vinegar and pickle factory, a large shoe
manufactory and other minor Industries
located near the hall. From this large
army of wage workers residing in these
districts was Urawn the greater portion
of the assemblage. ' Royally did they wel
come Schmitz when he entered the hali,
•and vociferously did they cheer him when
the speaker told them that "Hayes Valley
was just as dear to him as North Beach
or the Mission."
All the interest of the meeting centered
Jiround Schmitz. The workingmen gave
;iim a mighty cheer, and paid close atten
tion to his speech. He was frequently in
terrupted with applause. He spoke in
Jjart as follows:
tt jr ATES VALLEY turned out in
|=Jl force last night to hear Eugene
I E. Schmitz, the Union Labor
Jl 11 party candidate for Mayor, ex-
"I am on the executive board of the
Coremakers* Union. H. Bell, a member
of our union, went to work Monday. On
Tuesday he wrote to the secretary of the
Corereakers' Union, Charles Straub, ask
ing if Kinnaird & Barrie was a union
shop. JThen Straub brought his letter
down this afternoon to the union head
quarters and said it was not a union shop
and to call him out. He said there were
'scab' movers .working there. I went in,
accompanied by Martin Gray and Edward
McGibney, and saw Bell, and I told him
to come out, and he asked me if it was
not a fair shop. I told him no, it was a
non-union shop. I saw him working on
some cores which he said were for Eugene
E. Schmitz and for that reason he thought
it was a union shop. I asked him what
letters were on the castings and he told
me 'E. G^E.,' which is the Economist Gas
Engine Company's trademark. The core
he was making was for a cylinder for a
gas engine. I asked him if he was sure
about this being for Schmitz, and he said
he was told that by the employes in the
shop— that it was for Schmitz.
"After 12 o'clock Bell went out to get
the rods from the casting' and found that
the casting had already been sent away.
I asked Bell how he obtained the position.
He told me that Mr. Smith of the Liberty
Iron Works, a non-union foundry, camo
to him and told him to go down there,
that there was a job and it 'was a fair
shop."
- 1=-^ DWARD TWOMET a member
Mof the Coremakers' Union, made
Ihe following statement last night,
I* ,-f^ in evidence that Eugene E.
Schmitz is still a patron of a non
union foundry, betraying by that patron
age the cause of unionism:
Coremaker Employed on Job
for Him Is Called Out
by Order of Committee
Labor Candidate for Mayor
Addresses Voters in Hayes
Valley and the Mission
WILL THE VOTERS OF SAN FRANCISCO
ACCEPT THIS BADGE FOR TWO YEARS
SCHMITZ DEALS
AT A NON-UNION
ESTABLISHMENT
SCHMITZ LIKENS
THE BULLETIN TO
A WEATHERCOCK
SCHMITZ AND WELLS ARE VAINLY SEEKING SUPPORT IN THEIR LOSING
BATTLES BUT ARE GREETED WITH COLDNESS BY AUDIENCES THEY ADDRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO C AL,Ij, \ THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31 , ,1 901.
No doubt the clock tinker knows Bome
thing about the Inner . workings of so
ciety;; \u25a0 : ; -\u25a0 ;:.;-.-.;\u25a0• . \u25a0„\u25a0\u25a0 \ \u25a0 -/r •
Lineman Has Bad Fall.
3
U/vi^v When we suggest that yon look over our §*f>)
)^?-|) : * . • Kofy samples we refer particularly to the patterns. (fr^
(**£ .JgtgaMgft,.. ' v^n' You certainly can tell what appeals to your Lls^
)U^ '' 0^^^^0^^^^ *fe^3 the ualitv of cloth °y looking at the sam- I $f*l
yjc)* "-M^^^^^^ A V/n^ ples- G° ods can be so . finished as to deceive NkW'
U%4 ' iMzSffliescW *&**$& I'lflC- almost everybody. You must trust to the %X) *s
rfckltt *&£p*V S^nS tailor regarding the quality ot the cloth. S^^
\ipl I 3§5k- x ' !?V$ n To be frank about it you must trust to us
<®MMf ' u£)?/\ * or tilt Quality of our goods. So we say: ffMlL
vmBfl -^MftmL «v / K?%S O\der one of the suits and we will fully jlfcz
rJ^\i^^t^^-W^>^ \u25a0 a\7/ft \ P rotect you. First, we guarantee the fit,
5t$^PfS^f^!^ /S& y \V<A then the workman *hip, then the wear. Our , t?M
'VJ^ guarantee is in force for a year after pur- x J£fc?fj
vf-^l 1^ W^»WJ? *?k "WiPSiSA " '^^ chase - At any time within the period yc*i V"!
'I^^^P^Pp^M^ilii^. vhr-\ can brin S the suit in and we will make any gfCJ
il&Wl^P^JpWS'R -r iffiOjl necessarv re P air s free, or if the suit is not fnJJL
S^^Wn^M^^^^Mp^^c^^^ j57^ weann " as you think {t should you can have Vf(&
/(^!l^l)^^^W&V S^fei4^ - S^l ° Ur $1 ° mad e-to-order suits g)
cKn/ Illr' 1 1'l l! \¥i$iiMjP^*'^ \u25a0 '-^^ -C^^^^T 7?^ Suits satisfactorily made for out-of-town cus- v^^
1/7) Wm w$li 'W^ _lw- \u25a0 \^s (ffZ '^mers through our self 'measuring system, $)C\
t&ffi^^M'^W^^' — "^^^^ K:^~^ _ -^^ !''Cs Write for samples and self-measuring blank.
A*-)/0 : * -^ • - /jy^iS ' 71 8 Mapfcet St. and Cop. Powell and Eddy. 'VK?IJGHT'-ON THE BATTLE.
Admiral Besumes His Account of
Flying Squadron Operations.
WAS^HINGTON, Oct, .20.— With the opening
of the Schley court of; inquiry to-day Admiral
Schley began the fifth day of , h(s testimony
and the third day of: his- cross-examination..
The testimony began where left oft yesterday,
taking up different phases of the blockade of
Santiago and passing from that question Into
the reconnolssance of May 31, when the Span
ish cruiser Cristobal Colon was bombarded.'
The battle of July 3 was left for the last sub
ject. to,be considered.. \u25a0 . ; \ -.
The first question Captain • Lemly asked was
whether the Iowa was with the flying squadron
at Hampton Roads when he gave the captains
of the . ships the verbal orders as to attack
ing the enemy's fleet.' v ; Admiral Schley replied
that she was not. In response to questions he
said that he first fell in with the Iowa oft
cienfuegos. Paptain Evans was then 111 and
Commander Rodgers was in command. He did
not recollect whether he had communicated
the verbal orders to the latter. He first saw
Captain Evans on May 29. " \u25a0
He was then questioned as to his conversa
tion with Captain Folger when the latter sug
gested a circular blockade such as existed at
Wel-Hai-Wel. Witness said he thought" the
fleet was lareer than his ' at Wei-Hal- Wei.:
He was asked whether he did not .consider a
circular blockade with the vessels pointing: Iri
as mobile as the other form . in that ships
could move either way by • turning with the
lielm. The admiral replied that he thought, a
circular blockade where all the vessels charged
to the center would produce confusion and In
evitably lead. to. a. " different arrangement ac
cording as the enemy* -moved east or west.
"The outcome," 'said he,- "could only be more
or less : confusion, such as did 'actually 'occur
later."'. : :\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.:' \- : - \u25a0~>.;S- '-'?£ •'•"'•" '
- The 'admiral's attention ' was called' to Cap
tain Folger's " statement that . the latter had
udvls'ed him. to go in closer at Santiago and
his own statement in chief that on the next
day Captain • Folger had signaled them that
they, were within range of the batteries. The
admiral, in reply, changed the date of the sig
nal to a day later. He read .Folger's signal,
"I think the forts may op<!n~ at this range."
He said ' when Folger made this signal • the
squadron was In practically the same position
as on the day Folger testified he had asked
the admiral to go in closer. Witness' atten
tion was then called to his statement that
neither at Cienfuegos nor Santiago had any
vessel entered or departed and he wan asked
how he knew this. He \u25a0 replied- that he only
knew It because he never heard of any ship
getting In. On. the North Cuba blockade when
a Frenchman succeeded in getting through the
blockading line into Havana the fact had been
widely advertised as a great accomplishment.
His conclusion, therefore, was that none had
«ntered. " :. - . • • —
Coming to the reconnoissance of May 31.
when the Spanish , ship Colon was bombarded
it lay in the harbor at Santiago Captain
Lemly asked. Admiral Schley when he first
received notice that the commander' In chief
would be at Santiago. The witness replied
that the notice had come in the dispatch
brought to him by Captain Cotton, which was
delivered May 29. This telegram was, he said
not received until May 31. Possibly, too, the
New Orleans might have brought information
of the coming of Admiral Sampson.
"Why did you wait two. days after, the dis
covery of the presence of the fleet in the har
bor before undertaking ' your reconnolssance?"
"For the reason I had. used those two: days
for coaling the vessels of . the . fleet : so ' as . to
be prepared in ' case the ; enemy should come
out." \u25a0 \u25a0 ..,,-••>: r
Description of Bombardment. .
Relating the occurrences of the bombardment
he said he recalled that Captain Hlgrginson had
asked after he (Schley) went aboard the Mas
sachusetts that, the bombardment be post
poned until after dinner. he warned
some people to' get oft I the* turrets and that
Lieutenant Commander | Potts : had given | notice
that they were on the range. • He - did not re
call, he said, the . Rignal -. not .' to - go in closer,
but It was possible that such a signal had been
sent and it had not been; recorded.'^ It might
be that it was. with this as with other signals
which had not been recorded,' because the.writ
ing of. them was always done the next day. .' I
-. "No .man,"., he "said, -"except -press i corre
spondents, who brave all ' dangers, s can ' always
Body Found in a Creek.
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 30.— David Horgan,
a Butte mining man. who disappeared
from his claim in Alaska Basin, near here,
a few days ago, has been found dead in
Centennial Creek, near -Lakeview, this
State. \u25a0\u25a0.'-.- '. ; -; ;' > \u25a0 ; :
"Walters to Be Deported.
\u25a0 WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— The thirteen
German waiters who arrived in this coun
try early:in the present month on the
steamer Mongolian have been ordered by
the Treasury Department to be deported
as contract laborers. v. :
Flow of Gold to Europe.
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— Goldman, Sachs
& Co. have increased their engagements
of gold for shipment to-morrow by $250 -
000, making $550,000 which they will ship.
This will bring to-morrow's total ship
ment up to $2,850 ,009. :
OMAHA. Oct. SO.^O.n : November 1 the
Union Pacific will put into operation on
Its entire system an interlocking switch
and signal system and at block signal
system. , : .-=-. .-y\ -y' \u25a0 ; . : \u25a0
Onion Pacific Makes Improvements.
Special Bates
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders Of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September V, to
November 10. inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For timetables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
641 Market st.. and ferry depot. . j :
BUTTE. Mont.. Oct. 30.— Ethel Plumb,
aged two years, is lying dead at the home
of her grandmother, Mrs. H.- Parke,, at
Virginia City, this State, as the result of
a duel fought with revolvers' by Mr. and
Mrs. Plumb. Mrs. Plumb, has a bullet
wound in her hip. Mrs. Parke was shot
through, the right shoulder, and Plumb is
in jail with a powder-burned face. "
Plumb and his wife havenot lived hap
pily together, for a long time and of 'late
Mrs. Plumb has been living at the home
of her mother, Mrs. Parke. : Last :night
Plumb went to the house and opened fire
upon his wife, who secured a revolver and
also beean ; shooting. At the first shot
fired by the husband the child fell dead
with a : bullet through its head. The
women will recover. '
DUEL BY PARENTS V,
COSTS CHILD HER LIFE
One of the most interesting features of
the day was the development of the fact
that the report of the battle written by Ad
miral Schley July 6, 1898, -was not the
original report. The original report never
has been published, and in accordance
with a previous decision, the court de
clined to .: permit it to be Introduced into
the record. Admiral Schley was allowed
to explain, however, that Admiral Samp
son declined, to receive, the. first report
because-it did not mention the presence
of the New York.
"I felt that the victory at that time,"
said Admiral Schley in explaining the
matter, "was big enough for. all and; I
made this change out of generosity and
because I knew that if the New York had
been present she would have done as good
work as any other vessel."
Captain Thomas Borden, of the Marine
Corps, who was aboard the Brooklyn, will
be the last witness called for Admiral
Schley. : After he testifies to-morrow
morning the judge advocate general will
put on the stand the witnesses for 1 re
buttal; of whom there are understood to
be about fifteen, and it is probable that
Admiral Schley's counsel will call sev
eral witnesses in sur-rebuttal.
The judge advocate's cross-examina
tion to-day covered the retrpgrade move
ment, the reconnoisance of May 31, the
loop of the Brooklyn and the alleged
colloquy with Lieutenant Hodgson about
the Texas. :
rr^rr -r, ASHINGTON, Oct. SO.— The
aV long ordeal to which Admiral
\%/\V/ ; Sphley has been! subjected
V^ . Vv ; . Bmce Monday, morning ended
1 , this afternoon when \u25a0 his
cross-examination was', concluded and he
was allowed to leave the witness stand.
When the judge advocate ; finished the
crbss-examinatibn shortly after 3 o'clock
merit, the recdnnoispanee of ; May'31, the
thirty-four questions prepared by the
members of the court, These questions
touched many points of the campaign of
the Hying squadron, but mainly centered
about the difficulties encountered in coal
ing and the reasons for the retrograde
movement. ; Not one of them related to
the battle of Santiago. v -' \u25a0
Admiral Dewey— The court has decided that
it had better £>e drawn out- In some other way.
We have ruled out all - papers not sent. , \u25a0
C. Mr. ' Raynor— This was sent. This Is not the
report that was sent to. the. telegraph office. \u25a0-
Admiral Dewey— Oh. I beg your pardon.
."• Captain Lemly and Mr.;Raynor continued the
discussion for some time. The judge advocate
charged that Mr.' Raynor' s purpose was .'to In
terfere' with the cross-examination. Admiral
Dewey finally put an end to the discussion by
saying that If- there was no objection to bring
ing :• in • the L report at > another time I it - could . be
brought -in at -. thU ; point * : Thereupon '-Captain
Lemly, withdrew his point. -,\u25a0\u25a0,\u25a0 :,
.'.'The damage . has • already -been done."- .he
In answer to a question* he said he supposed
the captain had given'the order. \u25a0• He was not
certain. His attention was called .to a -letter
of.June 13,'. 1000,' written, from 'the South At-'
lantic ; station,' in which" the admiral was quot
ed as saying that the turn was made to avoid
the' last attempt. of the Viscaya to ram, but
as the : letter could not be produced at the
time he was 'not questioned upon it. .'His at
tention was next directed aa his letter to the
Seriate, in which he. said the turn was made
to avoid blanketing the fire of his own ships,
and also to. his statement In examination in
•chief that he had not. turned tp port because to
do so _would have brought the ship Into dan
gerous'' proximity to . the enemy's vessels and
exposed her to possible torpedo attack or ram
ming. '.. '.V \u25a0 • •. - ! \u25a0 .- " .•,<"\u25a0
..\u25a0 "Now. ' -eald Captain Lemly, "there appear
to be' three reasons why you made the turn.
Why did you make that turn?"
"As I already stated in my direct testimony,
there is another very much more important
reason which you have not asked, and that was
the ship might. continue in the action and beat
the enemy as we- did. j That was the controlling
one of all."
"Have you stated that?" asked Captain
Lemly. \u25a0 • , ' .
The witness replied: •_' \u25a0 \u25a0
"I never stated that because I thought it
was evident. I stated it for three or four rea
sons we could perhaps conjure up about it. I
have them in mind. • I have stated in relation
to the Senate document that the matter was
prepared very hurriedly, and here I stated the
general purposes the movement was intended to
accomplish."
"Did you have much of these various rea
sons in- ml cd at the time?". ••
"Probably all of them and others."
The judge advocate then took up Admiral
Schley's report of the battle made to the de
partment, dated Guantanamo Bay, July 6, 183?,
and he was questioned concerning the state
ments made therein, attention being called to
the statement that after the Viscaya struck
her colors the signal was made to cease firing
and the following sentence: "The Oregon hav.
ing proved vastly faster than the other battle
ships, she and' the -Brooklyn, together with the
Texas and another vessel, which proved to be
your flaKjhip, continued westward Jn pursuit
of the Colon, which had run close inshore, evi
dently seeking some good spot to beach if she
should fail to elude her pursuers."
-"You wrote that?" " \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0'• -' •• , -.'\u25a0'<\u25a0.
\u25a0 ."Yes," replied Admiral Schley, ,-Vand I can
explain the : whole thing if you will admit a
preliminary report that was returned." -
\u25a0 "I have no objection to your preliminary re
port unless it comes under the rule that it was
not sent." • ."• ' ". "•••-. . .
B "It: was sent and' returned."
Captain L«mly— I think I have a right to
continue nojd- and not have them insert other
evidence at this -time. -. \u25a0 . . .\u25a0 \u25a0
\u25a0 Mr. Raynor— I differ with you. on that. I
think when a witness is asked a question ;
Admiral Dewey— The court has ruled "if out
because 'It , was not sent A good many ques
tions have been' asked. -You might ask some
more. • .
\u25a0 Mr. Raynor — It is . not quite three days and
he Is just beginning. :'\u25a0•.,• •
: Captain Lemly— I do not want to answer that.
Mr. Raynor— I want to read this report
Papers Are Ruled Otit. ./^V
Admiral Schley, in response to a question,
sail he never heard of the Texas Incident until
two months after the battle. He had 'been
under the impression until later that the star
board engine of 'the Brooklyn, -was-. backed to
facilitate the turn.-. "He recollected distinctly
that he warned Captain Cook --as the enemy"
approached > that they were' going to" ram him.
t|e was closely . questioned- .as to •• the - order
which went below "to, stand. by to'ram.". , .
The witness said that before the helm of
the Brooklyn was swung- hard aport in order
to make the loop, the helm was put alternate
ly tp port and. to starboard In order to meet
"the movements of the enemy's ships.
"It was. difficult,", he said, "to say at this
time whether they meant to go between the
Texas and the. Brooklyn or the other way." .
. "You stated in your examination » that in
•making the turn you did not see the^itarboara
of the Texas?"
\u25a0 "I did say so absolutely." . \u25a0
Famous Loop Once More.
"When the Spanish ships succeeded in get
ting out of the harbor without being sunk, in
accordance with orders, what alternative waa
there but to chase them?"
"There was no alternative— no other course
was open, but much depended \u25a0 upon the char
acter of the chase. Whether It was made in
»he proper way and' was effective was one
hing, while a poorly conducted and Ineffective
blockade would have been another thing;."
The admiral said. In reply to questions, that
while several of the vessels had failed to Join
jn the chase. leaving the work after .the sink-
Ing of the Teresa and- the Oquendo to the
Brooklyn and the Oregon, this was because
they could not follow at the pace set by 'the
Spaniards. At this point Captain Lerrily intro
duced the following paragraph from Admiral
Schley's report dated Guantanamo, July 13,
1S9S. • .
"Since reaching this place and holding: con
versation with several of the 'captains, viz:
Captain Eulate Of the Viscaya.-and the second
in command of the Colon. Commander Contre
ras, I have learned. that the Spanish admiral's
scheme was to concentrate all fire for a while
on the Brooklyn and : the Vlscaya to ram her,
in hopes that if they could destroy her the
chances .of . escape would be greater, as it was
supposed she was the swiftest ship of-' the
squadron. This explains the heavy fire men
tioned and the VIscaya's action in. the earlier
movements of the action. This purpose", wa*.
promptly defeated by the • fact that all the
ships of the squadron advanced into close range
and opened an Irresistibly furious and terrific
fire upon the enemy's squadron as it was com
ing out of the harbor."
Admiral, Schley identified this paragraph as
a part of: his report. '..--,
during the battle given the signal to follow the
flag. Admiral Schley replied:-, -.<
"I think I have kept my mouth pretty, close"
on all these subjects and do not recall speaking
of this incident. I distinctly, recollect giving the
signal and that it was 'flying for two minutes."
"Did the Brooklyn stand In and attempt to
sink the Spanish fleet in the channel?" ••" " •--
"I started in at first to help the other vessels
and to have them help me. I felt if we could
stop the Spaniards the battleships could go in
and sink them. "I never had any idea that they
would get away." . . . -
Continuing, he said in reply to questions he
estimated that the Brooklyn had gone into
within a mile to a mile and a half of the
mouth of the harbor and was within range of
the shore batteries. He thought that for from
twelve to fourteen minutes the flagship had
been within a range of less than 2000 yards
from the Spanish ships. "They looked very
close," he said.
The admiral said in response to questions that
he had not mentioned the loop in his report of
the battle. It was ah incident of the battle
which he : had no Idea would . ever . come .into
controversy. Captain Cook had. given the order
without orders \u25a0 from him except under his gen
eral instructions to close \u25a0 in and keep j some
where about 1000 yards away, outside : of the
broadside torpedo range.. \u25a0: When, the time came
for the 1 turn \u25a0"\u25a0 Captain I Cook's conception \u25a0 of
the movement ' coincided, with; his own. Al
though Captain Cook g-ave .the order he I would
have done so In a moment . had the captain ; of
the Brooklyn failed, to do so.'.';; •" : .. :
. . "Do you assume full . responsibility ; for the
turn?"-. ;.. .: •:•\u25a0.-'\u25a0,\u25a0'.•• •-. . \ - - ,- .- \u25a0. -, • \u25a0\u25a0 ,.
.; "Absolutely. If I . did \u25a0 not ' give the . order - 1
approved : It.'.',- ,. . >. " .., . ,-t • ;
'Asked where he had heretofore., before the be
elnnlng of 'this Inquiry, mentioned that' he had
The cross-examination of the witness 'on the
battle of. Santiago began with a question as to
what- the first move of the Brooklyn's helm
was after the enemy's ships were sighted com-
Il>2 OUt. . J - .
- "We were heading west by north,'.' he replied.
"The first helm was to port. 1 ' i -' I
. "Captain Cook gave the order for the turn?"
\u25a0 "YesM .V.'-. .-',-•: v, : \u25a0' ." . ;.; \u25a0'. \u25a0 , . \u25a0
"You regard that turn as very important, do
you not?" ' *. . - •• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.. : . \u25a0•
\u25a0 "I think it was :the movement' that decided
the events of that day." \u25a0' : :
Captain Lemly at this point passed to the bat
tle of July 3, stopping to ask one or two inci
dental questions about the circumstances of the
evening of July 2. On July 2. when the - sus
picious movements were seen in the .harbor of
Santiago the witness said he talked with Cap
tain Cook about the advisability of coupling up
the engines. It was 'decided not to do so. He
supposed the ship; was always ready for a sor
tie. Admiral Schley's attention was called to
Captain Cook's testimony that on the night of
July 3 he turned In with no intimation that
the fleet would come out. The witness said that
Captain Cook's statement was not in any sense
inconsistent with his. He had. no intimation
that. the fleet would come out. :
"Referring again to the alleged signal not. to
go in closer,' Admiral Schley said he did riot
consider It probable that If sent -It- "was sent
because any vessel had shown any disposition
tO £0 ill. . \u25a0 ' \u25a0 . •\u25a0\u25a0 .. ' ; •\u25a0 .: -.-\u25a0-. .; , ; " /' ; >' •
. "No one was mofe anxious than I was to go
In on that' day,", he said. •:•\u25a0\u25a0 ••'...\u25a0':;••'..\u25a0 ':':\u25a0\u25a0••'\u25a0'
•Captain Lemly asked him why the" mouth' of
Santiago harbor, had not 'been enfiladed and all
the ships used on May 31; , Admiral Schley re
plied that he had done so 'simply because the
batteries would have been safe while the ships
used thus would; have been placed in greater
dancer. : ; -.••.\u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0-...• •\u25a0 ~
\u25a0"This Is'.like,' many arrangements we might
have made that we did not make. The coaling
was so important and had been so strongly
urged by the commander In chief, • I felt we
should lose no opDortunlty in putting the ships
in the highest condition of efficiency." he. said.
, "Why did you not steam more slowly as you
passed the mouth of the harbor?" .
The witness replied: \u25a0
' "Well, that is a technical error that might
have been remedied if some one else had been
in command. , Possibly the firing would have
been effective if we had gone in closer, but if
we had and had steamed more slowly there
wculd have been no gain, as the range would
have been narrower. It. was a case of tweedle
dee on the one side and of tweedledum on the
other."
Was Anxious to Fight.
The judge advocate then asked the admiral to
tell what his purpose was on that day and what
instructions he had given.. Replying that he
had testified fully on this subject before, he
said the ; signals made indicated the purpose.
The signals Instructed the shlpS to use their
big guns against the Colon. The New Orleans,
with her lighter battery, was directed to fire at
the shore batteries. The instruction was to go
in ' 7000 yards and he thought for several days
afterward that ships had gone in to that dis
tance. ; . \u25a0
"X- directed the ships to follow the flag-, to
operate against the Coion and to flre against
the forts to develop them and I think the. recon
nolssance, so far as It went, was eminently
successful. The batteries were developed and
the fact was demonstrated that the enemy was
in port. With a squadron of only five or six ships
I believed that only the strongest military ne
cessity would have Justified me In risking the
loss of a vessel that might have reduced the
squadron to a numerical force inferior to that
of the enemy. If one or two of our ships
had been crippled the enemy might have come
out . and engaged us with disastrous results.
The developments of the facts as to the batter
ies and ships was. In my opinion, sufficient.
The enemy's ships. could not get away and they
did not cet away."
The admiral was then asked whether he had
Informed Ensign Macy, Captain Cook and Cor
respondent Graham -that the affair of May 31
was to be a reconnolssance. He thought he had
in. a general way and he thought he could be
fairly said to have informed the captains in
the signals hoiBted. - .» \u25a0'•\u25a0
"Did you signal. to the commanding officers
that it was to be a" reconnolssance?"
"No. I think not. I think I signaled that
we should go in and fire our large guns."
"Did the affair develop without question the
presence of the enemy in the harbor?" ;
"I thought so, because of the large shells
fired at- us and also because a number of , ves
sels were seen."- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0 .; .-; •\u25a0••\u25a0- — . . -: •\u25a0
"Incidentally, yes."
The admiral then, at the request of the judge
advocate, read what he wrote to the Senate.
The letter contained the precautionary order
of the department at the opening of the war.
He again explained, as he had done before,
that when he wrote his communication to the
Senate he did not have.^all the records before
him. He omitted to mention in that com
munication, he said. Admiral Sampson's cau
tion at Key West. He had. prepared it largely
from memory. In further support of his po
sition the admiral read the department's in
struction of May 13, specifically warning the
commander in chief against risking his vessels
to the flre of the land batteries. He was cross,
questioned closely as to all the orders bearing
upon this subject. He said he had never seen,
until he saw them, in the report, the orders of
April 16 and April 2S, modifying to some ex
tent the original order. But he .had been ad
vised of their purport. . •
"In your report of June 1 to the department
concerning, thy recpnnoissance you did .not
mention-any purpose to sink or destroy the
Cojon?" '•\u25a0-.:. : ? ».
"I did not."
"But in your telegraphic report you did say
that your purpose v/as to destroy the Colon?','
have paper and! pencil at hand while a battle
Is in progress and- as a consequence there is
a failure to record -.many . recurrences that
should be recorded."' - >". ; \u25a0 \u25a0 '-
Here followed an examination of the various
signals from the Massachusetts oil the day of
the bombardment, \u25a0 which the admiral verified.
At the same time he remarked that he thought
there were' other signals unrecorded.
Admiral Schley said he had ordered the
range at 7000 yards for- that day, but he had
not supposed the Colon was so far up the
harbor. , . .
"Of course," he said, "I left the measure
ment of the range to the executive officer.-"
"Does your letter to the Senate, dated Feb
ruary 18, 1899, plead the precautionary order of
the department for not destroying the Colon?"
"I should rather think that Is the infer
ence."
/At . the afternoon session Judge McMa
hori said the, argument had been post
poned for one week. Ex-Goverhbr Black
protested, saying the defendant had been
in. prison for three years and that his
case "should not be handled about like an
ordinary matter." Judge McMahon re
plied that.no injustice would be done the
defendant by the adjournment and; he
then set the hearing for November 7. :\u25a0
Ex-Governor Black of. counsel- for Mol-'
ineux urged that this indictment be dis
missed because of illegal/' \u25a0 evidence pre
sented to the Grand /Jury which found
the indictment and also on the ground
that the indictment was found' on Insuf
ficient r evidence. \ ' \u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0: / '\u25a0; '\u25a0'. ->':\ /..- " : -. v."-'- : :
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— Tbeapplieatipn
by counsel for Roland B.; . Moline.uk : f or
the dismissal of the. Indictment-. charging
him with the murder of Mrs.
J. Adams, came up before Judge McMa
hon in the Court of General Sessions: to
day.-.. .- \u25a0 •\u25a0' .\u25a0; ..\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 ;' '.yy, :^[.J_'>- : ?-- . ',
An application for an ad journnient -of
the. argument, made by Assistant- Dis
trict Attorney Garvan, was denied, the
Court saying that the defendant's coun
sel might present their \u25a0argument ; and
that the District Attorney could then .be
given time in which to prepare; his reply.
OTTAWA, Kan., Oct. 30.— A story
reaches Ottawa from Centropolis, a small
town In the northwest part of the county,
of a farmer, a foreigner, who named his
infant son I>eori Czolg-osz and was driven
from the place by his neighbors. Accord
ing to the story, the man who admired
the assassin sufficiently to name his boy
after him. 6oug:ht a priest who officiates
In the neighborhood and asked that his
son be christened. When the ceremony
was being carried out and the name of
Leon Czolgosz was pronounced for the
boy the priest indignantly refused to pro
ceed with the christening. Not only did
he stop the ceremony, but he delivered a
etinging rebuke to the parents. When:
the news of the affair was circulated
around the neighborhood the farmers de
manded of the parent that he leave.
Their threats of violence in case he did
not were effectual. The man and his fam
ily have disappeared and will not be per
mitted to return.
The increasing activity of the anar
chists Is causing some concern to the
Scotland Yard authorities.
Kansas Fanner's Disgrace. '.
LONDON, Oct. 30.— The anarchist clubs
of London celebrated the electrocution of
Czolgosz by dances in honor of his "noble
death." Various groups met at their re
spective headquarters at a late hour last
night and most of the gatherings only
dispersed at 4 o'clock this morning-, after
elnglng the "Carmagnole." All the meet
ings lustily cheered every mention
of Czolgosz, whose portrait draped with
black and red. occupied the place of honor
on the olatforms. There were remark
able scenes on the dispersal of the clubs,
groups of anarchists shouting "Vive la
Republique," singing- the "Carmagnole."
dancing and shouting "Czolgosz, the
brave." The police dispersed some of the
gToups. . '
AUBURX. N. Y. t Oct. SO.— In an \u25a0.- un
marked g-rave in the prison cemetery,
near the place of his execution, lies the
dust of Leon F. Czolgosz. the assassin of
President McKinley. The body of the
miserable creature, who died gloating
over his crime, and whose last words
were an appeal to anarchy, is already
completely destroyed. A preparation of
quicklime and other deadly acids was
poured into the coffin before the body of
the murderer was placed in the prison
grave that consigns all' but his memory
to oblivion. Warden Mead and other
prison officials said that by this means
the body would be completely disintegra
ted in less than twenty-four hours.
London Anarchists Active.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dust of the Miserable
Creature Lies in an
Unmarked Grave.
Argument on Dismissal
of Indictment Is
: ' Postponed.
NO DECISION
FOR MOLINEUX
said. "It is for the purpose of destroying the
order of the crcss-examination and that is now
already accomplished. He has already accom
plished all the damage he can do.
At this point, the hour of 1 o'clock having
arrived, the court tock a recess for luncheon.
\u25a0 After recess Captain Lemly laid before the
court Admiral Schley- s press copy book con
taining a cepy of his letter embracing his first
report to Admiral Sampson of the battle oil
Santiago, which had been returned, and there
was more contention between counsel as to
the admissibility of the document as evidence
The decision of the court was to the effect th*t
the report could not be read aloud and was
announced through Admiral Dewey as follows.
"The court holds there Is no objection to tne
witness refreshing his memory from the letter,
but- he cannot read it aloud.
"Why haven't. we the right to read it T' asked
Mr. Raynpr. • \u25a0 v : ' ..:. ;
"Because the court does not want it." replied
Admiral Dewey. "It has ruled otherwise. It
was ' rule 1 out on the same principle that ap
pUed to AdmiralSchleys telegram which was
not sent." . \u25a0; - .-".". : ;
"There is this difference," said Mr. Raynor,
"that while the telegram was never sent the
letter was sent.' and returned." ..
Captain Lemly— How do you know that?
Mr. Raynor— That is what we want to prove.
Captain Lerrily— The., mark on its face shows
that it was not sent.- .-•••....-
Mr. Raynor— We propose to show that that
was an error." That marking was done by Ad
miral Schley's flag lieutenant. fr -
Admiral Dewey— The letter has the same
standing as the telegram. We don't know
•why It was marked as sent' except that
it- was so marked. '• VT \u25a0' .. ' \u25a0 \u25a0 '•\u25a0\u25a0
Mr. Raynor. to Admiral Schley— Who made
the mark? ; . \u25a0\u25a0 ' • •\u25a0' "
Admiral Schley— My secretary, after I had
returned from the flagship New York.
Alter some further sparring by counsel Aa
mlral Schley explained that the original pre
liminary report of the battle had been sent
to the commander in chief and returned to the
Brooklyn. i ••'.-.•
"Admiral Sampson signaled for me to come
on board again,", he said, "which I did, and
he handed the report back to me. There was
nobody but himself and myself in the cabin
at that time."- :' ' -. " .".
The admiral recounted his conversation with
Admiral Sampson, who, he said, • handed the
letter back to hjm with the statement that he
(Sampson) was commander in chief and that
:he (Schley) had omitted a very important, de
tail In the'report In that it failed ,to show the
presence of- the York.
"I felt at that- time." Admiral Schley went
en, "that the .victory was big enough for all.
and I made this (his report of the battle that
has been published) qut of generosity and be
cause I knew that If the New York had been
present 'she would have done as good work as
any other vessel."- . \u25a0
The regular course of the Inquiry was then
resumed. , \u25a0 -."-.: • . \u25a0'',-' \u25a0 V -. ':"\u25a0• \u25a0
Vessels' Lost in Smoke, vv
In response to a question the witness testi
fied that during a part of the battle the In
diana, Gloucester ana Iowa were obscured from
tne Brooklyn. . . \u25a0 •
"When tne Colon surrendered why did you
not take 'possession of her and aim to save
her?" ' -\. \u25a0 : • . . - \u25a0\u25a0 :
•M.scnt aboard to receive her surrender and
was proceeding -to do that very thtng when the
flagship came up. I am satisfied she was all
right when I left for the eastward." • * • .
'•'Where did ypu obtain your statement to the
Senate that- you went 800 yards to the south
ward when the Brooklyn's turn was made?'.*
! "From the report of the board of officers
whd charted the courses of the ships July 3.*.'
' ."You testified that dispatch No." 10,- dated
Ma,v :;, was not delivered you until June 10?"
..'•I "-did.". - \u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0 . :. . • , .. - •. . ..
..••"Did you know by what means that report
reached you?" \u25a0' • . \u25a0' . •• • ; '
.-./•That would be' difficult to state."
'- The admiral . was asked what conversation
he had with Lieutenant Commander Hodgson
before the loop was made. He said he could
not recall a single word except the latter's
statement that the enemy was coming straight
for them. He had never been able to recall a
colloquy.
' , - 'DKi you give out for publication Lieutenant
Commander Hodgson's categorical denial?"
"I did."
. The witness stated that he would still say
that he had desired to set Hodgson right, as
well as himself, but he had done "nothing in
that direction because the department ordered
an investigation.
At 2:26 p. m. Captain Lemly concluded his
cross-examination, which had been begun at
the beginning of the morning session of Mon
day, v ' \u25a0
Captain Lemly said:
"I v have not any further questions."
He turned to Mr. .Raynor. who said: "We
have not a single question."
"The court has a few," s»ld Admiral Dewey.
At the conclusion of the cross-examination
there was placed in evidence «the telegram
sent by Admiral Schley to the department July
10, saying in substance that he did not desire
to assume entire credit for the victory of
July 3 and that It belonged to th« fleet under
the command of Admiral Sampson. .
In reply to a question he said he had taken
this 'dispatch to Admiral Sampson, who said
he was very glad I had sent It and thought it
was very generous. • ' \u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0 . '
"Who was generous?" asked Captain Par
ker, i
"I, of course." .
The first of the court's questions referred to
the blockade of Cienfuegos and was as fol
lows: \u25a0> ..''-'. •. - -•".--. j \u25a0 :
t'Whllo off Cienfuegos could you see the shore
to the westward so distinctly as to form an
idea of the feasibility of making a landing
there?" - \u25a0 -.- <• . .
The witness answered this question In the af
firmative and in reply to the next question said
he had seen no fishermen or fishing boats on
shore with whom- he could have communi
cated. ' ">\u25a0"\u25a0:•'. ; \u25a0
Also, replying to a question of the court, h*
said 'he could not recollect at all. the conver
sation between himself and Lieutenant Hodg
son to which the latter had testified.
"Had the Spanish fleet left Santiago and gone
to the westward at the same time you left
Cienfuegos could It not have passed between
your fleet and the shore?"
"I 'think not. I laid my course thinking that
If the Spanish fleet should leave they would go
southward • and that would give me a wider
point of observation." . ,
. "Was not the situation at Santiago on May
•6 such as "to warrant you in taking risks in
coaling the ships?"
"I- think the risks would have been very
great; too great in my judgment. We might
have lost a collier."
• "Did not Captain Cotton Inform you that the
Harvard had coaled at St. Nicholas and that
one large ship at a time could coal there V '
"I do not recall that. His Information to
me referred mainly to small vessels, as I recol
lect it." • • ' -
."Nothing about coaling the Harvard?" broko
In Admiral Ramsay.
"No. I think not." •
"Did the report of the Merrlmac injury lead
you to believe she was hopelessly disabled'"
"Practically so. Her Intermediate valve was
broken." • "* . .
"What was your object in seeking to develnn
the batteries at Santiago?" S • aeveI °P
: "I desired to, know what was In front of u«
in' the possibility of our beins obliged to fore*
the entrance." >....--. """*
. rpid you not risk 'the loss of a ship May
, "I -thought such a possibility remote in view
of the range given." . , - . lcw
"How did you know the pre'vaUimr winds at
Car.* Cruse were west and southwest?" •
, "From the pilot." . .
"You stated that- the movement westward
was -based upon military principles. Whv
then, did you go back to. Santiago?"
' "F or u^ e ' reason " l !, h ave stated. '.After the
coal sUDDly;was eauallzsd I did. not lose much
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREKT,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.
—Every effort is being made by
the United States to induce Tur
key and Bulgaria to refrain from
taking action against the brigands who
hold Miss Stone captive until the woman
has been released. As soon as her liber
ation Is accomplished, then evidence will
be collected establishing the responsibil
ity of Turkey and Bulgaria, and action
looking to the exaction of adequate rep
aration will be taken. '-\i
The State Department received addi
tional advices to-day concerning the ne
gotiations which are in progress between
the brigands who have Miss Stone In
their possession and her friends who are
acting under the supervision of Spencer
Eddy at Constantinople and Consul Gen
eral Dickinson at Sofia.
The State Department says direct com
munication has not been opened with
Miss Stone, but it is certain that the
brigands who are holding her are pre
pared to release her on payment of the
ransom and It Is the expectation that
an agreement will be reached in a few
days in view of -the knowledge possessed
At 3:30 p. m. Admiral Schley was finally ex
cused and 'there being no other witnesses pres
ent the court 'adjourned until to-morrow.
"It could have gone to Jamaica, but I should
imagine, the fleet could have gone sufficiently
south to have prevented the Spanish fleet, front
reaching Havana." - \u25a0
'.'Where could the Spanish fleet have talced
refuse it it came out and steered to the south
ward?" " -" •
In reply to a question Admiral Schley said
he thought his conversation with Captain Cook
concerning the uncoupling of the Brooklyn's
engines had taken place on July 2.
He was satisfied some of the shots from the
forts were from eight-Inch guns; that the Mer
rimac had been required to use her own. ma
chinery as soon as repaired, and that the chief
engineer of the squadron had reported to him
the injury to the collier.
The last question was as follows: '. : .
"I intended to use the large guns for that
purpose, expt_tlng to make another signal be
fore boarding the Massachusetts, which I did
when I told the New Orleans to lire at the bat
teries."
Admiral Ramsay— Tou gave four motives for
the retrograde movement. These motives do
not appear clear to me. . . .
"I telegraphed mainly regarding the coal sup
ply because I Imagined it would be the most
important motive. I do not know that I gave
my reasons for it, but I did In a subsequent
dispatch stating that the movement to the
westward had been for a certain object."
"If it was your intention on May SI to de
velop the Spanish shore batteries why did you
signal that you were going in with the three
ships, the Massachusetts, the Iowa and the
New Orleans, only to flre on the Colon?"
"If you were governed in making the retro
grade movement by the motives you have
stated why did you send to the department the
dispatch of May 27, 1S98. which you gave to
Captain Cotton to send in cipher from King
ston?"
"That is a very difficult question to an
swer."
"Dick you consider Captain SIgsbee's report
that he had not seen the Spanish squadron and
the pilot Nunez's statement that the Spanish
ships were too large to enter the harbor of
Santiago proof that the information given to
you by Captain McCalla on May 24 that the
Spanish force had been reported in Santiago on
May IS and were still there on. the afternoon of
May 24 was erroneous?"
"I do not recollect that he gave mo that in
formation." ,
"Not to my knowledge. .
"As you were ordered to Cienfuego» wa» it
not your duty to communicate- with the senior
officer "* % *
"If he had important Information I thjnk
it was his duty to communicate with me.'
"Did the flying squadron ever steam in at
Cienfuegos between 8 p. m. and 4 a. m.T
"We tried to keep about the game distance
nlgfct and day." „ . , . ,
"Did you try before the arrival of the Adula
to discover whether the Spanish fleet was in
"I did not. because I was led to infer that
the coast was occupied. Admiral Cotton In
his cable-cutting expedition had lost quite a
number of men and I supposed the coast was
occupied."
"Did any of your light vessels scout between
the flying squadron and the south coast of
Cuba with a view of discovering the Spanish
fleet in the event of its having left Santiago
for Cienfuegos?"
time in getting back and determining defi
nitely whether the enemy was in P°rt- ...
"If the scouts were independent why did
you worry about their coal supply • ,
"As »enior officer when the command de
volved upon me I was of course responsible.
Asked when he received the department 9
order of May 23 and why he considered It am
biguous he said he had answered that ques
tion in direct examination. _
"Was there any shortage or coal at n.ey
West?" •• :
by the brigands that a greater sum than
$35,000 cannot be raised.
There is no foundation for the report
that President Roosevelt sent a message
direct to Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria
regarding Miss Stone. "While the depart
ment deprecates the Interviews attribut
ed to Consul General Dickinson, It states
that he has acted with zeal in the mat
ter. Particular credit is given to Eddy,
who. it is officially stated, has displayed
marked energy and ability, and his con
duct has received the cordial approval
of the State Department.
Beyond the determination to obtain rep
aration as soon as Miss Stone is liber
ated, the administration has formed no
plan of action. There is absolutely no
question of a naval demonstration in the
Black Sea. Certainly the authorities
have not sounded the powers on any such
point. 'All the department Is sure of Is
that Miss Stone was captured on Turk
ish territory a few miles from the fron
tier by Bulgarian brigands, who immedi
ately retired Into Bulgaria, and it is not
prepared to formulate its policy regard
ing reparation until Miss Stone is releas
ed and additional facts have been ob
tained.
ACID DESTROYS
CZOLGOSZ'S BODY
"While one division: put in at
Eallns d'Hleres, another, composed of
three battleships and two cruisers, under
the command of Admiral Caillaird. pro
ceeded to the Levant. Two thousand troops
will be added to this force. Admiral Cail
laird's orders are that, if complete satis
faction is not Immediately given by the
PARIS. Oct. SI.— "The entire French
Mediterranean squadron left yes
terday afternoon," says the Tou
lon correspondent of the Figaro.
Ottoman Government to all the claims of
France, he shall seize the custom-house
of the port nearest his squadron. It is be
lieved his destination Is the island of
Mitylene or Salonika: This island com
mands the entrance to the Dardanelles
and the Gulf of Smyrna."
Several morning papers confirm the
Figaro's Toulon's dispatch. . \u25a0- ;.
Rumors to the same effect were current
in Paris late last evening, but the For
eign Office - professed to know nothing
about the- matter. '"\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0:\u25a0. " .'» •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
\u25a0 \u25a0 »
Meanwhile the Government Is Making Every Effort
" to Induce Turkey and Bulgaria to Refrain From
Taking Action Against the Fugitive Abductors
FRANCE SENDS HER WARSHIPS
FROM THE MEDITERRANEAN
TO MENACE PORTS OF TURKEY
If Complete Satisfaction Is Not Immediately Given
by the Ottoman Government, Admiral Caillaird
Is Instructed to Seize Nearest Custom-House
UNITED STATES WILL DEMAND
REPARATION AFTER MISS STONE
IS RELEASED BY THE BRIGANDS
THIS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1901.
Commander in Chief Is Declared to Have Taken Exception to the Firs
Official Statement Prepared for Navy Department Because the Battle
ship New York Was Not Mentioned as Having Been in the Figh
SCHLEY TELLS COURT OF INQUIRY
THAT SAMPSON SUPPRESSED HIS REPORT
TyTyASaUyorder—I assume it "would have been by signal if given at all — given from the
fry( Brooklyn with regard to the direction in which the other vessels of the fleet should turn in
'*'\u25a0 order to secure uniformity?" asked Judge Advocate Lemly. '. ' - . .- •\u25a0 . ...
"They had made their turn and it zvas.to avoid getting into their crossfire that the Brooklyn's
was made," was 'Schley's reply. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0''- -,'\u25a0:. - '/ \u25a0 \u25a0: * * -'/ ) \ ~ \>
\ % " And that via's the purpose of the loop?" .• . ; 1 ,. *• * ,-- - -_ - .
\u25a0 : ." It -was' 'one of the .reasons for it.;. It was to avoid that at. a crucial, and,' critical time of the
battle when the.^re of the} battleships tvas so absolutely important.:- The moveineht, of. course, had
two purposes^- first /Jo 'avoid '.that, and, second, to continue the action'.' '.The Neiv,.; York \u25a0 being en
tirely absent', the Brooklyi\ that: day had to take a' very -important 'lead, and if \u25a0we';;, had-, sacrificed
her ive might hayelldsi the battle." : ; v \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0, .-.'\u25a0 \ : \u25a0/\u25a0 \u25a0'.'-,' \u25a0\u25a0'. .:,:. V/'- r v : : :; V : r'y : '-j--' ; -\- : - : .'J : :X^:--'- !:: . " : ' :
: ; : ; : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'What 'indication did you give to the other vessels of. the fleet to. show the direction in which
t/te 'Brooklyn.Wds going. to tiirn or. was turning?" •<
- cr l 'did "not make- any, because I did not .think we were hi dangerous proximity \u25a0 to. any, but
after we turned signal was made to follow. the flag and they/followed it. Of course ..the .\u25a0'\u25a0 direction
"they should tdke.^vas indicated." \u25a0'\u25a0.'-, . •\u25a0\u25a0• ; • -•;',] : V -\u25a0•, '"",•.'•'
Vyi^-^^idi^if-r^^;)/it5 as a very important maneuver?" '" • / v
; "I think: it was the movement that decided the event l s, 0) c .that, day '."- : : . • \u25a0 ; v
"Did-you mention this maneuver in your report of Mie.battlcfy _ ,• \ : \u25a0 _.
"No, because I did not know that it was going to be, a matter of question. It struck me that
as.^ii was merely an incident in the battle we secured an advantage that could never be questioned."
—Extract from the testimony of Admiral Schley. : : ; . ; -
SCH LEY SAYS THE FAMOUS LOOP
DECIDED THE SANTIAGO BATTLE
\u25a0 Married Friend— Servants should be kept
in their place. The Bride— Well. I'm sure
I'm willing to offer any reasonable induce
ment, but they won't stay! — Puck.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 3O.-JIrs. John
Emmett, 17 years of age, committed sui
cide in a hotelto-day by swallowing car
bolic acid. She had quarreled with her
husband, to whom she had been married
but two days. The couple came to this
city from Halsey, Or., to spend their
honeymoon. "•
Suicide Ends Honeymoon.
4
A Pages Human Interest Stories
Beginning November 3
- I ;THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE
T SECTION WILL BE DEVOTED-
EXCLUSIVELY TO MATTERS OF
'•:'r- •\u25a0: \u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 LOCAL INTEREST BY BEST-. - i
KNOWN WESTERN WRITERS. \
Beginning November 3 ; : :
AN,- EXTRA EIGHT-PAGE SEC- • : V^V: \u25a0
TION.FOR WOMEN AND CHIL-- ' .
• .. .DREN, WITH HALF-TONE IL- " V \
r \,:; ; lustrations: \u25a0•"'•.-\u25a0. •. - y :: - ./: p!:$y$
Special Arrangements Have Been Made
For Contributions From the Following
Famous Writers:
BRET HARTE, JOAQUIN MIL-
LER, MADGE MORRIS, INA D. • "
COOLBRITH, KATHRYN JAR-
BOE, FRANK NORRIS AND PAU-
LINE BRADFORD MACKIE.
THE CALL'S ILLUSTRATIONS EXCEL
£i\J *s*****?*r Pages in All -s"***"**-** £\j
ADVEBTISElkEENTS.
BrM >*.i-r * T.J \ ill*"
i B*oa!kfg 3 ! fy|
i M^fT^ tj \u25a0
ONETRIALWILL PROVE IT
The Most Delicious
The Most Nutritious
The Most Healthful
The Most Useful
OF ALL BREAKFAST CEREALS
For Stomach Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
- . . ,; 22O BROADWAY. N. X.{ PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 30.— Because he
pleaded guilty and ' saved the United
States the expense of a , trial, F. .W.
Burke, the man who was arrested for re
ceiving notes of the defunct New Bruns
wick (N. J.) Bank through the mails, es
caped with ja sentence of eighteen months
in the Government prison on McNeills Isl
and and a fine of $100. Burke was arrested
some months ago, at the time of the ex
pose of ,.. the plans of the; gang in San
Francisco. - , ;
Burke Gets Light Sentence.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 30.— George Suesser,
who is under sentence of f death for the
murder of Sheriff Farley at Salinas, gave
sensational testimony this afternoon in
the trial of Nolberts Corbnado for the
murder of Frank Norona. He- swore that
he and Coronado had become close friends
in prison, here and on one occasion Cor
onado became 'confidential and confessed
to him that he had killed Norona. Sues
ser also said that Coronado had told him
"there was. another whom he was going
to lay for." Suesser adhered to his state
ment on cross-examination.
Murderer Suesser Gives Sensational
Testimony Against the Alleged
;- ; Slayer of Norona.
SWEARS THAT C0R01TADO
CONFESSED IN" PRISON
Melick and a committee hired a hall
and the Assemblyman addressed a mass
meeting in the Interests of annexation.
The "antis," represented by C. C. Brown,
unsuccessful candidate for council last
spring, attempted to take possession of
the floor and Melick • talked all evening
to keep possession. It was a lively meet
ing, full of personal and political antag
onism. Those opposed to annexation
countered by hiring the same hall them
selves a week later and Brown made a
fiery speech, attacking Pasadena's new
city charter, her officials and her govern
ment in general; endeavoring! to show
that the larger city was not - worth an
nexing to. By request, Melick, who was
present, replied, defending the charter, j
The annexationists will go ahead, mak
ing plats of the territory to be annexed
and placing the proposition before the
voters, very shortly. The Council j and
Mayor are enthusiastically in favor of ex
pansion. South Pasadena has been In
vited to come in and later the district
east of the city will likely be annexed. '
PASADENA, - Oct., 30.— A movement
started by ex-Assemblyman Walter S.
Mellck • for the annexation of North
Pasadena to Pasadena proper has started
a wordy war. The district proposed to
be annexed is about two miles square and
contains several hundred ; thousand dol
lars', worth of property. A committee can
vassed the district and found 114 voters
In favor of annexation and 78 against it.
Some of the anti-annexationists are
terly opposed because taxes will be heav
ily Increased. , The annexationists reply
that property values will also be increas
ed, and the territory will have street
lighting, sewer, fire department,, police
protection, etc.
Ex-Assemblyman Melick's Annexa
tion project the Subject of Much
Disputing.
MOVEMENT IS STABTED -
FOR A '\u25a0 GREATER' PASADENA
The Defiance had moved out into the
stream off the lumber dock and was
quietly moored there yesterday morning
at 3 o'clock, the expectation being that
a tug .would arrive at daybreak to tow
her to sea. At that hour she was sud
denly boarded by ten men, who had ap
proached her so quietly that their pres
ence was unknown to the vessel's lookout
until they clambered over the sides. "With
out any ado the intruders hurried to the
forecastle and covered the non-union sail
ors with revolvers. In a few moments
their clothing had been gathered up and
thrown overboard into a fishing - boat
which was tied alongside the big schooner.
Without being given a chance to dress
the non-union sailors were hurried on
deck and put over the ship's side injo
the fishing-boat. The invaders jumped. in
and with muffled oars rowed across Grays
Harbor to a small, barren island near
Ocosta, where the sailors and their be
longings were put ashore.. The kidnapers
jumped into their boat again and rowed
off in the fog without saying a word.
„ Then for the first time the unfortunate
sailors had a chance to put on warm
clothing. One of the crew used a log
and -, paddle for transporting himself
across the channel from the island to the
mainland. He took the first train. from
Ocosta around the harbor to Hoquiam and
notified the captain of the Defiance just
as the latter was about to leave the shore
with- his tug. en route to sea. The tug
was dismissed and after procuring a gaso
line launch the captain crossed Grays
Harbor, rescued his men and took them
back to Hoquiam.
The . only arrest so far Is that of Martin
Knute, an engineer on the steamer A. F.
Coats.. The officers have a clew as to the
other kidnapers and other arrests are ex
pected.
One of . the (boldest and most skillfully
carried out movements on the part of the
Sailors' Union occurred yesterday morn
ing at Hoquiam. The details did not
reach Tacoma until late this evening; as
an effort was made . to keep the facts
quiet until arrests could be made. The
schooner Defiance, owned in San Fran
cisco, had loaded a large lumber cargo at
the mill of the E. K. Wood Lumber Com
pany at Hoquiam. Her destination was
Suva, Fiji Islands. Her captain had ob
tained a non-union.^ crew and expected to
sail yesterday forenoon without difficulty.
All of his men had come aboard and on
Monday night the last of their clothing
and outfit was pat over the ship's side.
TACOMA, Oct. ' 30.— The fight between
union and non-union sailors continues un
abated on the North Pacific coast. For
months the warfare has been going on
almost without interruption between ves
sel owners and their/ non-union employes
on the one hand, and the Sailors' Union,
with . its attempt! to raise and maintain
wages, on the other.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Maroon Their Captives on
Barren Island and Leave
Them in Solitude/
Union Men Board vthe
Defiance and Kid
nap Seamen. *
SCHOONER'S CREW
IS CARRIED OFF
: : It has been Vfirdered in "Washingten;' D,"
O, , ; that fl*" 9 • aurgeong > respond \u25a0 \u25a0 {9 - flre.
alarms. A.-.'r\- ' : ' ''\u25a0-;\u25a0.-. '\ : '-'-".-\ K ' '
• The Queen left Nome on October 23 In
a blinding snowstorm.,. "Winter had -set
in in earnest " and the , thermometer had
been steadily falling during tfce previous
week. The steamer had a good voyage
until within, the last forty-eight -hours
before, reaching Cape Flattery,, at which
time she was overtaken by a windstorm
directly astern. • The gale rose to forty
six miles an hour and the seas ran high.
The culmination came. on Monday night,
when " the ship \ took ; to rolling heavily.
At 4 o'clock Un' the morning she took a
final plunge and a , turn, which - for ..the
moment threatened to roll her completely
over. She rolled, over -to .the port side
very nearly beyond the point of ;turnlng
back. ' At : the • sanie ; moment . she was
struck amidships by . a tremendous ; sea,
which stove in som« -of the- staterooms,
broke ' in the doois of .' the main saloon
and Bent tona of water into the dining sa
loon, pantry and kitchen and. flooded the
lower, cabins./ The electric lights went
out and to add to the confusion and dan
ger a live wire started a ambke and some
excited passengers "/raised : the cry A of
"Fire !" Cool . heads, -however, prevented
a panic and the' only inconvenience suf
fered by the passengers was ' a very : late
and meager breakfast. ' \u25a0';>'} A-r^'lJ
. On the Queen were six Federal prison
ers—Thomas Morton, James Campbell, J.
E. Martin, G. N. Stockslager, F. B. Con
nant arid one woman— bound for the pen
itentiary at McNeill Island, • under sen
tence of from two to six years. -•
PORT I TOWNSEND,. Oct. ' 30.— The
steamers Queen and Valencia arrived to
day from Nome, jj Each brought down 800
passengers., On .the Queen were 100 stow
aways, who . succeeded in boarding the
vessel by climbing up the anchor chains
while she was anchored in the roadway at
Nome. Passengers report that 500 men
were left at Nome, all of whom are pen
niless, with no means of . making a liv
ing during the winter and a reign of ter
ror is predicted. During the entire voy
age of the 'Queen petty thefts were "of
daily . occurrence. ' The Queen brought
down a half -million In treasure.
The new steel bridges - were put In at :
crossings where the Iron showed \ evi
dence of crystallization, owing to the ac
tion of the weather and the heavy strain.
The spans taken out of the iron bridges
were shortened and strengthened in the
shops at Sims and sent to other divisions
to be used again.
Next summer more iron bridges may be
replaced with steel, but the main work
through- the canyon proper will consist
of replacing the present rails with heavi
er ones, i The first improvement suggest
ed by Charles M. . Hays when he - went
through the . canyon was that j very heavy
rails must be laid. He stopped, the re
placing of 60-pound rails with 70-pound
Ht.Chcstnut;- saying that the entire "dlvi
pion from Red Bluff to'Dunsmulr must
have even | heavier rails than thativ His
ideas, it is understood, are to be carried
out.;
This work done on the rails and bridge*
this summer has prevented a \u25a0 repetition
of last summer's series of train disasters,'
but It has been done at enormous cost.
The last bridge to be replaced Is that
at Elmorei The Iron frame has been re
moved, the false work put In and the
plates are going In for the steel bridge. .
While seven or eight of these : big
bridges have been replaced, there has not
been an hour's delay of a single train
on account of the work. The railroad
company has this most delicate of con
struction work reduced to a marvelous
system atd the most extensive replace
ments or, repairs have been successfully
cdnducted without Interference with traf
fic.
•REDDING, Oct «30.-The work of re
placing' iron bridges crossing' the river
m" the Sacramento Canyon -wlthstruc
tures of steel has progressed so well dur
ing the summer that the Southern Pa
cific Company expects to have the last
steel bridge In place by Christmas. The
extensive machine shops at Sims -will
continue In operation until the bridge
work is ' completed. ' A large crew of
EkOled •workmen has been kept busy for
many months.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
E'ght New- Structures
Span Sacramento
. •\u25a0 "\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0::\u25a0.':,': ; : River. : ----:,;: : . ;^ : :-\
Queen and Valencia Ar
rive With Men and
Gold. :
MINERS CROWD
NOME STEAMERS
! A hypocrite's religion is always the
worst thing about him. .' . . v
STEEL BRIDGES
REPLACE IRON
: •'\u25a0-. married in the Methodist Epis
copal church here last night. The cere
mony was performed by the groom's
.brother, Rev. J. H. N. Williams of Napa,
assisted by Rev. Dr. A. T. Needham of Pa
cific Grove. The wedding was the most
notable society event of the season in Pa
cific Grove and was an elaborate affair.
The church was decorated in pink and
white roses and ferns. An arch of pink
roses spanned the chancel, from the cen
ter of which hung a marriage bell of
white roses. Under this the bridal party
stood while the solemn words were
spoken. The. chancel and altar were one
mass of pink and white blooms and ropes
of roses and smilax decorated, the pews
and pillars in . the . main body of the
church. .. •/ \u25a0
The bride was attired in white mousse-
\u25a0np^jy ACIFIC GROVE; Oct. 30.— Mls9
j)j Annie Louise \u25a0 Oliver, daughter of
r^, Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Oliver of this
,\u25a0" •\u25a0 city, and Dr. J. J. Williams were
line de sole and lace over white satin and
carried white carnations. Her brides
maids, Miss Gertrude Oliver, a sister, and
Miss A va ' Neighbor, were simply gowned
in dainty white organdies over blue silk.
They carried bouquets of white chrysan
themums- tied with blue ribbon. \ '
Dr. Williams was ' attended by James
Harper of this city as best man and the
ushers were Messrs. R. L. Sandwick, C,
H. Meeker, W. C.Gretter and E.' E. Long.
An informal reception to the^ bridal
pa rty and Immediate relatives , followed
the ceremony, but the reception proper
will not occur- until the return of Dr. and
Mrs. Williams from their honeymoon jour
ney some time In December. They will
leave to-morrow for San Francisco and
thence wil take an extended trip through
the Northwest. -~
Both bride and bridegroom are promi
nent in society in Pacific ! Grove. Mrs.
Williams Is considered one of the most
beautiful young women in Monterey
County. . *
Hvi-i'i 1 1 i.i ; 1 1 1 r.i'i-H 1 1 i'm-m- •
:\u25a0\u25a0;• - . ; Granted.'.-- '\u25a0'.'. \u25a0 :\u25a0 '\u25a0;,\u25a0
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— The Postoffice
Department to-day announced: Postmas
ters commissioned, California— Noah M.
Knlg-ht, Capltola. Appointed, Oregon —
George, Howe, Van,' Harney County, vice
M. E. Holtbos, resigned. u ". L.
. These" pensions p-ere gra"nted: '•• • ... £
California: Original— Sewell F;: Graves,
Alameda. $6; George B. Read, San Diego,
58; Lenyke Thomas, San Francisco, ?10.
Increase— Alonzo J. Moody, Fallbrook,
$14; J.ames Hodges. Covina, $10; Hezekiah
Dukes, Lower Lake, $10. ';...' '•...\u25a0
\u25a0. Oregon: Original — Robert T. Schamp,
Portland, $6." Increase— James I. Miller,
Portland," J8:'' . ; . • •
Washington: : Original— Alexander S,
Farquharson. Republic. $6. . . •
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and .More New Pensions •. . . .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
• V : OF THE PACIFIC COAST
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 30.— Lewis F. Eby,
\u25a0 ! neman for the San Gabriel Electrical
"-.mpany. was killed to-day by an electric
-heek while working on the wires at . the
uv:er house. • \u25a0 • . ': • '.;', .
Receives Fatal Electric Shock.
ROSEBURG. Or., Oct. SO.— Two iner.
wete arrested here to-day by Marshal
Ballard on suspicion of having been con- 1
nected with the recent Southern Pacific
train robbery near Eugene. They gave
their names as James Peltmore and
••Ja.ck"' Wilson. They declare that they
came from The Dalles and Hepner, Or.
Train Robber Suspects Arrested.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. SO.— Albert Grubbs.
one of the oldest colored citizens of Sac
ramento, died at his residence to-day
after a long illness. Grubbs was a native
of Kentucky and was a slave. He claim
ed that he was one of the body servants
of Henry Clay and that he closed the
eyes of the great orator and statesman
when he died in 1SS2. .
Closed Clay's Eyes in Death.
Evidence of the robbery was upon them
and Conway positively identifies the three.
Ti-ey gave their names as Frank Moran,
Michael Gratz and Ed . Harrington. All
are young men and say they are from
San Francisco. • " : •• '.
About a quarter of a mile out of town
the train became "stuck" oh a heavy
grade. The officers, who had been at the
depot, rushed up to find that the murder
ous trio had somehow got out of the car
and were running across the country.
They started in pursuit. The trio turned
and fired. The officers exchanged shots
and eventually caught .their men.
As they started to investigate the waist
band of his trousers Conway made a
dash for the open door and jumped from
the train. The robbers fired two shots at
him as' he leaped, but neither took effect.
He caught the caboose of the fast run
ning-, train and surprised the trainmen
with his bloody appearance and story of
the robbery. A stop was made, the three
men locked in the car. Redding officers
were telegraphed to and a run without
steps was made to this city. , /. '
The crime was replete with spectacular
features. Harry Conway, a miner, was
returning on a freight train to this county
from Idaho. At Grants Pass, Or., yester
day he grave money for a meal to three
"hebces" who were on the same train.
The sight of a few dollars in silver in
his hand was evidently an incentive for
their subsequent attack upon him. . ; ..,
Somewhere near Castella, in this coun
ty, last night Conway was awakened In
his boxcar by the three men with a torch.
Each held a pistol. One grasped him by
tin. throat * and beat him terribly about
the head with, his weapon. They then
searched him, finding a gold watch and
52 50 in silver. They overlooked five $20
gold pieces in a bag inside the waistband
of bis underclothing. :-...'. \u25a0:. '• •;.
First they wanted him to jump from the
car as It was passing over a high bridge.
Then they debated whether or not to kill
him outright. In the meantime the trestle
was crossed. They decided to search him
further nml then kill him "and throw him
oft." the train. v -
REDDING, Oct. 30.— There was a run
ning fight between officers and thugs here
at 8 o'clock this morning when an at
tempt wae made t6 arrest three men who
bad robbed and bea,ten a fellow traveler
o"n a railroad train. Half a dozen shots
were exchanged, but no one was hit. The
rotbe'ra were arrested. \u25a0 . \u25a0
The Yaauis went from this rancho to
Kt=peranza, the rancho they attacked a
few days ago. There they destroyed the
houses, shooting through the windows
first to drive out the occupants. For
tunately the owner and family had not
returned since the raid of a few days ago.
The attacks were made at midnight and
it v.as no doubt the intention of Jhe
Yaquis to murder a!l ranchers in that val
ley, but most cf them had fled when the
Yaquis first beg:un to raid the settlements
» 'veek ago. A dispatch from - the
Tomatal ranch to El Correo de Sonora, a
paper published in Guaymas, says there
wer; a large of Indians In the
band, all well armed. Settlers began to
lea\e their homes more than a week ago
End lew ranches in the valley are inhabit
ed, swing to the fear of the Mexicans that
the Yaquis are determined to . kill and
plunder as long as there are no troops to
fight them. It is not known whether
there is u definite plan arranged by the
Yacuis or not and the Mexican people
seem to believe that these bands are made
up Df desperadoes.
At any rate the raids are becoming more
frequent and almost every day some
rancher Is killed. This week four have
beei murdered. .. •
The Yaquis yesterday visited the To
matal rancho, where they destroyed much
property, stole the corn and took away
horsses and mules. Luis and Carles San
che:;. who operate the rancho, escaped
after being lired at several times. They
made their way to the Santa Ursula
ranoho and the Indians followed them.
They had been there but a few minutes
\u25a0when they heard the Indians approaching.
They ran for their lives, but Jose Ramado
raid he would stay and protect his home.
The Indians were upon him before he
could tltfend himself.
TUCSON'. Ariz.. Oct. SO.— Information
\u25a0was received at Guaymas to-day that
ban-is of Yaqui Indians had visited sev
eral ranches near there and at the Santa
I'rsula rancho had Idled the owner, a
prominent rancher, named Jose Ramado.
The Indians were reported to be going
toward Guaymas and it was feared that
they would attack the washerwomen, who
begin thrir day's -work at the break of
day along the river. A posse was formed
in Guavmas to go to the river and warn
the women of the presence of the Yaquls
in that locality.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Owner of the Santa Ursula
Bancho Is Slain^While De
fending His Home.
Redding Officials Capture
Criminals After Exchange
: \u25a0 . of Shots. . :
Robbers' Victim Balks
Their Plan to Mur
der Him.
Large Band of Indians
on Warpath Near
Guaymas.
YAQUIS RAIDING
AND MURDERING
LEAPS FOR LIFE
FROM THE TRAIN
BROTHER OF GROOM OFFICIATES
AT A PACIFIC GROVE WEDDING
Dr. J. J. Williams and Miss Annie Louise Oliver the
Principals in a Brilliant Marriage Ceremony in
' the Methodist Episcopal House of Worship
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1901.
LEADERS IN PACIFIC GROVE SOCIETY WHOSE. MARRIAGE. IN 'THE
METHODIST EPISCOPAL, CHUR CH WAS THE SOCIAL, EVENT OF
THE PRESENT SEASON IN TH E CONVENTION TOWN. .
5
NEW A1W0TJNCEMENT.
CAUSE OF PALLOR HAIR.
Dandruff, Which Is a Germ Disease-
Kill the Gsrm. •
Falling hair Is caused by dandruff,
which is a ererm disease/The germ in
burrowing Into the .root of the hair,
where' it destroys the ; "vitality . of ' the
hair, causing the hair to fall out, digs
up the • cuticulo. In little-. -'scales,' called
dandruff, or scurf. You; can't .stop the
falling hair -without curing -the dan-
druff, •\u25a0 and.- you can't cure thedandruff
without Wiling ;>the,, .dandruff germ.
I "Destroy ' the cause,' you "remove 1 the
effect." , Newbro'a Herpiclde is the' only
hair; • preparation that 'kills *the dan-
druff - g-erni,': Herpiolue ia also -a do-
I 1 r 1 . \u25a0juf'halr-dresBlnev • '
UNITED STATES BRANCH. .
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1900. and for tha
year ending on that day, as made to the In- -""-
eurance Commissioner of the State of Call- „,.
fornla, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections 5
610 and 611 of tha Political Code, condensed a* »
per blank furnished by the CommissloiMr. •..'\u25a0».;•;
Cash Market Value of til Stocks and
Bonds owned by Compafny $534,713 09
Cash in 'Company's Office and In
-Banks "... '• 13,773 0 3
Certificates of Deposit in hands ot
Trustees 20,033 74
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans i 4,755 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection. S1.819 25 2
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken ; ' !
for Fire and Marine Risks 213 90 t,
Due from other Companies for Re-In-
surance on losses already paid 179 93
j Total Assets « ...4655.344 U j
'*/; J"k« ' LJABIUTIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,537 SO
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 23,317 33
Losses resisted. Including expenses.... 10.727 E0 v ;
Gross premiums on Fire Risk;) running
one year or less, $363,295 73; re-In-
surance BO per cent 182.647 87
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $197,943 72; re-
Insurance pro rata 107,659 1"
'All other Liabilities 13,334 17
. Total Liabilities $345,273 73
. : \u25a0
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ..: • ...1423,41121
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, ' Loans and from all
other sources .". 17.427 «
Received from Home Office 57.839 93
Total Income $438,678 47
EXPENDITURES. . ~
.Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- ,.
eluding . JS0.30S IS, . losses of previous
years) $431,470 92
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 101.467 18
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 23.8S3 S3
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes - 13,331 30 i
All other payments and expenditures.. 48.263 33
Total Expenditures .-. $623.413 30
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $33,987,933 $633,92(83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 73,549,991 801.278 63
' Net amount In force
December 3i; 1900... 42.960.411 S63.gg>45 1
\u25a0 \u25a0 • ADOLPH LOEB, U. S. Manager.
' Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 30th ' J
day of January. 1901.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DFPARTMENT,
ESTABLISHED IN 1872,
213 SANSOME STREET,^
SAX-PRAXCISCO, CAL. %
Y. CARUS DR1FFIELD, Manager.. -
H. -DANKERr Assistant - Maaaser. -
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM,
HOT WATER.
.\u25a0..OIL STOVES...
BLUE FLAME. ' ;.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR. . *
SS iSoKi: 309 to 317 Market Street.
San Francisco.
IEan Francisco. Thursday. 31 October, 19CL ' • - .... ." \u25a0
i Rnnk cn^Q %?? (Ml I
B '" Made of solid oak, finished a rich, golden brown, with Colonial B
P lattice front doors and four adjustable shelves. Width, 36 inches; H
1 .;. ' height, 52 inches;, price $22.00. I
g Same bookcase in real mahogany and birds-eye maple, $25.00. B
a We also have a larger size measuring 46 inches in width by 52 1
8 inches in height Price in golden oak or in weathered oak, $27.00. |
E I Price in maple, $32.00. B
H I A little incident: . . H
5 The other day a lady called and said she had a friend who want- g
2 ed $1500 worth of furniture and carpets; that if we would give her |
ten percent commission she would influence the order our way. B
Our salesman informed the lady that we allowed no commissions B
and gave no discounts, that we had but one price for ALL. m
"Very well, then, I'll go elsewhere. My friend doesn't care for H
' a dollar or two and will buy wherever I say. Other firms will al- I
i low me a commission and I might as well get it" I
We wonder how many people are recommended in this way to M
stores that have one price for the purchaser and yet another for 1
the one that sends them?
: & .
(Successors to ! California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
v ADVERTISEMENTS. 'MM
HiriT FFf IB" IV FRONT THE BRITISH
Uni I rtVtn AR!V3YINSOUTH AFfcicA
Pe-ru-na Cures and Prevents Disease
S j ll J 0F SOOTH AFBKM CONTINGENT*! Ill |i \u25a0£;;
Captain Charles Fever, Ottawa, Ont., //." CAPT. CHARLES FEVER.
Canada, who is captain of South African The seemln? wonde rs which Peruna -la
Contingent, Bodega Hotel, Wellington able to accomplish Is all due to the on«»
street, Ottawa, Ont,, writes: fact that Peruna produces clean, healthy
..11 ... • x:___ x«» ~ *~~.. n i:~- mucous membranes. As soon as the mu-
"nothing IS finer tor a traveling coua membranes are put in a normal con-
man to have in his Saichel than a ditlon the appetite becomes natural, th.i
' , , « i t \u25a0 r j jj \u25a0 1 oigestlon vigorous, and the assimilation
bottle of Peruna. It is food and drink, of food perfect.
j~ j- -~j ~.*j:~:~o. ; nnn a * I* »»m'« A thousand and one ills to which hu-
doctor and medicine in one. It cures manl ty i s subject is due to defective mu<
and prevents disease. For Catarrh cous membranes. Every organ of the
r ., 1 11 ,. . ., . . body is lined by mucous membranes. It'
Of the System I place It in the front is through the mucous membranes that all
___t * t,-,, a na ,,-, n Irnnuun nnuthinn nutrition must be absorbed. It is through
rank. I have never known anything the muc ous membranes that all food mu^t
to eauaf it. It searches Out ever/ be digested and rendered fit for absorp-
. . • l 1 • *' tion. Therefore, it Is true that any medi-
weak Spot, and heals yOU W no time, cine like Peruna that produces vigorous
/ hnua iniarl it nvan nnH ni/an nnnin & nd clean mucous membranes is food an!
i have tnea it over ana ovsr again, drlnk anddoct or and medicine all in one.
and have advised a number of my if you do not derive prompt and satis-
..... • j / , £...„.„ // factory results from the use of Peruna,
friends tO do SO, and always know If wrlte at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
thnv Hn in it will do them aood I am ful1 statement of your case, and he win
they ao so it win ao tnemgooa. i am be pleased to pive you nis valuable aa-
very much pleased to know of it myself vice gratis.
j l Li r~ ~J ;»„ ,,4A A m. 4/ ..<.<> Address Dr. Hartman. president of Tha
and be able to advise Others tO use Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
THE CONTRAST
in the linen we launder and that done b /.
others is all In our favor. We have an
up-to-date equipment and do up-to-dato
work. We, take special pains with all the
work we do. This is all for your benefit,
as you will appreciate If you send your
linen here. We call for and deliver.
No. saw edges. *
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Strost.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlco-54 San Pablo Ave.
DISORDERS /"V
BT FAR THE GREAT- '/(_]/
• er number of patients >p» \ VL7 11 "%J
reeking relief for so-called U- V jrj\/| //
weakness are strong. \\ \1\jI*//,
robust men in every other
respect. Loss of Vitality. Prematurenesa. etc,
are* not weaknesses, but the symptoms of In-
flammatory processes - in the ProMate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too long
continued excitement. Under our local plan ot
treatment, ' directed . toward reducing the . en-
larged and swollen Prostate. Immediate re-
sults, as Indicated by Increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organ*, which we send free en
application. Is interesting to any one wlshlnj
to study the anatomy of. the male.
DR.TALCOTT&C0., 997 Market St
HEREAFTER THIS FIRM WILL
USE AS A TRADEMARK
THE WORD
OCULARIUM,
f OPTICIANS Photogp* pH 5ci|ntip| £ W ' ..,
642 Market 5t. instruments
\u25a0 -•uMptR;CMR0r«c«BuiiDWfr. ! Catalogue Fkc._ It is to be hoped that Buller .will imitate Schley and
ask for a court of inquiry. \u25a0.We^are^hpt' hogs enough
to wish to keep things of that kind all to 'ourselves.
,. .Congressman Cannon says hehasn't got $50,000 to
P\»t jntoUhe fight /for the Illinois Senatorship, and
may infer from the statement that he is out of the
race.' iv'-'-t '-•*>•'. \u25a0'"' '-' k':^'':":'.' 1 '^.^-;^ ' . ' ' ' . •- • '"
From the kind of' gang 'with which they have sur
rounded themselves it seems evident that it is the
intention of Herrin. and Burke to first fling the town
wide open and then icbt it . ,- .
TheBritish income tax gatherers could find. in the
United Kingdom. last year only twelve persons and
eighty ; firms with incomes in exe'ess of $250)000. ."In
this country it is probable that- New York alone could
make a bigger showing. V -i^^^S SPililli
' 'T he woman who went over Niagara in a barrel has
now admitted that she' performed the. feat not as.an
adventure but f otf the sake of getting employment \u25a0 as
a t^? k .? t a dime rfiuseum j "and consequently those
who called her : a fool will please, retract and do jus
tice to her enterprise as an aspirant for celebrity.
. Assistant Attorney General Beck has suggested that
the secret service department of the Government em
ploy men not only to hunt down counterfeiters; but
to supply an adequate guard for the higher officials
of the Government, and it is probable an appropria
tion may be made for that , purpose. ; ,! ;',V. ';*-*;; *
It is stated that the conservative officials of the Chi
nese Government have determined to recall from this
country Wu Ting-fang because they look upon his
popularity here as a proof that he is not. loyal, to..
China. .In this country WuY popularity with certain
influential circles in the East is looked upon as evi
dence that he is doing a good deal -more for China
than' this country can stand, and, accordingly, his re
tiremenV will suit us" as well as it suits the - (Ihinese *
conservatives. . - '\u25a0-\u25a0-
Down in Missouri there is said to be a city Mar
shal who has drawn on the station-house floor a chalk
mark sixty feet ; long, and any person- arrested for
drunkenness is required to try to walk it- -If hemakes
the line straight and clear he goes: free, but if not -he
is held to answer. The community is said to be sat
isfied with" the method, and, in fact, some of them say
it beats Solomon. '- * . "
Yale claims to have contributed to public affairs
more men in proportion to the whole number of her
graduates than any other, university in the country,
to which boast .Harvard retorts scornfully by .direct
ing attention to the fact that in the domain of let
ters Yale has given to the country only Fenimore
Cooper, N. P. Willis and Clarence Steadman, and
suggesting that it would have been better if Yale had
graduated fewer politicians and more scholars.
LONG HAIR AND SHORT HAIR—
A. A. W.. Alameda, Cal. The custom of
men cutting or having their hair cut 13
believed to have been inspired by the fol
lowing from,! Corinthians xl:14: "Doth
not even nature itself teach you that if
a man have long hair It is a shame unto
him?" Homer wrote of the long-haired
Greeks by way of honorable distinction.
Subsequently the Athenian cavalry and
all Lacedaemonian soldiery wore long
hair. The Parthians and ancient Per
sians wore long flowing hair. The Franks
and ancient Teutons considered long hair
a. mark of high birth. The Goths looked
on long hair as a mark of honor and on
short hair as a mark of thralldpm: so did
the Gauls, for which reason "Julius Cae
sar, when he subdued them, obliged them
to cut their hair short in token of sub
mission. In Englanc\ Jhdges, the Speaker
of the House of Commons and at one
time the Bishops, 'wore long hair, while
criminals and paupers wore .short hair.
On the other hand Jewish priests during
their time of service had their hair cut
once a fortnight, and Roman slaves wore
their hair and beard "long, but shavedV
their heads when manumitted. Sallor<A
who escaped from shipwreck shaved theWTi
heads 'as if ' manumitted from the sea. In
Ezekicl v:I there is mention of a "barber's
razor," with instructions to'"thou son of
man to cause It to pass upon thine head
and upon thy bear fi."
One of "the most . remarkable and puz
zling stories of somnambulism is that
which recently came to light In connection
with a young clergyman: at a training
college in New -York, who was found to be
in the habit of writing his sermons while
fast asleep. The young man would get
out'of bed, secure paper, and compose and
write his sermons:, On finishing a page he
would read it out, when a word displeased
him he would write .a correction j with
great \u25a0 exactness. These somnambulistic
sermons were well composed and correctly
written. Curious to ascertain whether
the young man made use of his eyes, the*
principal of the college put ' a card ' under
his chin to prevent him seeing the paper,
but he still continued to write. , *
Not yef satisfied whether . or hot 4»e
could distinguish different objects placed
before' him, the. principal "took .away the
piece of paper on which . he wrote and
substituted several other kinds, at - dif
ferent times, of various colors. He always
perceived the change, -because the pieces
of paper were 'of different sizes. -, When a
piece exactly like his own was substituted
he used ; it, and wrote his corrections on
the places corresponding to" those of .iis
own paper. ; : It was by \u25a0 this means that
portions of his nocturnal compositions
were obtained. . I , j :>
His most astonishing production was a
piece of music written with great exacti
tude. • He' used a' cane for; a ruler. TJie
clefs, the flats and the ' shajps were all
in.their right places. The notes were all
made as: circles, and ; those .requiring; it
were afterward blackened with ink. The
words .were J all written •below, but once
they were in such .very large characters
.that they/ did- not come directly ;1 below
their t proper notes,', and,. perceiving this,
he ; erased them all and wrote them over
"again,;- : , .\u25a0./.;/.•_ .' . ,._,-\u25a0.
WRITES WHILE "ASLEEP.
Booker T. Washington's dinner - with President
Roosevelt has set the people of Washington to
searching for precedents, with the result that we have
ttones of Lincoln, inviting Frederick Douglass' to"
lunch and of Jefferson inviting a negro -- mathema
tician named Banneker to dine with him at the White
House, which Banneker did. The most curious story
of all, however, is one to the effect that a year or so
ago Representative Sprague of Massachusetts invited
his colleagues of the' District of Columbia Committee
to dine with him, and the invitation included Mr.
White, the negro Representative from North Caro
lina. When the invitation of the colored man became
known every other member of the committee sent his
regrets on account of. a previous engagement, and the
dinner didn't take place. » \u25a0'.-.'
THROWING SHOES— W., City. The
custom of throwing one or more old shoes
after the bride and groom either when
th$y go to the church or when they start
on their wedding tour is so old that tbe
memory of man stretches not back to the
beginning. Some think It represents an
assault and is a lingering trace of the
custom among savage nations of carry
ing away the bride by violence. Others
think it is a relic of the ancient law of
exchange or purchase and that it former
ly implied the surrender by the parents
of all , dominion or authority over the
daughter. This was a Jewish custom:
thus in Deuteronomy xxv: 5-10, we find
that the widow refused by the surviving
brother asserted her independence by
"loosing his shoes"; and In the story of
Ruth it is told that it was the custom In
exchange to. deliver a shoe in token of
renunciation. . It was the custom in
ancient times to place the husband's shoe
at the head of the nuptial couch in asser
tion of his domJnaUon, and that lite as
sumed the government of the household-
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— The foilowing
Calif omians have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco — W. W. Chapin,* at the
Holland; H. H. Tracy and wife, at the
Albemarle; F. C. Hotaling, at the Hoff
man; L. McMillan, at the Imperial; R. M.
Meyer, at the Plaza; W. R'oberts, at the
Cosmopolitan. \u25a0 •
Los -Angeles — N. Gr Douglass, at the
Victoria: G. H. Stone and wife at the
Grand. . ,• : :: ;>;iv ;
Calif ornians in New York.
TATTOO MARKS-Ex-Sailor, City. Tat
too marks on the human body are deep
seated, as has been proved by an Investi
gation made at Mount Washington Hos
pital, Baltimore, some years ago. An In
dividual who died there, shortly before
his death, willed his body after death to
surgeons in the hospital for the benefit
of science. One of the surgeons, curious
to learn the depth of tattooing, experi
mented on the arm and found that the
design of what on the surface of the arm
was a coat of arras was marked through
the flesh as far as the bone. Theie was
also discovered the trace of the. figure on
the bone, but it did not penetrate the
bony structure.
"UNCLE SAM"-H. L., City. Uncle
Sam as the .representative ! of the United
States has no other name. During the
last days of the Revolution there was a
contractor named Samuel Wilson, who
received the stores for the army and navy
of the United States and when such were
sent to him they bore the letters "U. a."
for United States. Some one asked the
meaning of those letters and an individual
responded that as the goods all came to
Sam Wilson they stood for Unc'e
Sam. In that way Uncle Sam was applied
to the United States.
Who is the man upon^vhom they must largely depend? He has a big fingsi in
your little political' pie, Mr. Wells, and has mussed it up so that. the people don't want
to eat it. ' --.W' \u25a0 . \u25a0 ' . \u25a0 \. . - \u25a0 \u25a0 V '.'\u25a0 ' : \u25a0'.. \u25a0 : -;.
These questions have 'been asked of you, and you answer them by telling what
you drink, where you did business and^where you were born. Remember now" we admit
you were born, that you did. business in one^place thirty-five years, and' that you are not
skinbound in the matter of good tipple. We admit it all, Mr. Wells, to save you the
trouble of repeating, and to economize your breath for answering .what the people
After raising these issues of locality and refreshment, you sak}: "But after all, ladies
and gentlemen, it depends upon the man largely., upon what we will do with these great
JJow that is true, and the people want to know who the man is. If • you will tell
them the man who ordered you to stay on the ticket when you said you would get off,
and who made you indorse a Supervisor'ticket that you said was so. bad \u25a0'.'that' if it had been
nominated first you would have declined to run, that is the v man upon whom they must de
pend. Is it Mr. Herrin? If so they will be happier for knowing it. Is it Martin Kelly?
IN your speech Tuesday you assumed a heart to heart attitude. You said: "Itake a
glass-of beer now and. then and a drink of whisky, and I always keep the finest kind of
liquors in my own house."
"Nobody is curious about what you eat or drink, or what liquors you keep at
home. When you take a glass of beer is not in ; issue. At your age, and it is an honorable
age; an occasional glass of whisky may do you no harm. But the people don't care when
you take a drink. What they want to know is where you take your orders.- They want
to know who ordered you to stay on the ticket when you said you would go off. Who
was it, Mr. Wells? Don't confuse the issue by talking about swilling swipes or clinking the
cannikin. We will admit that you take the occasional glass of beer arid red liquor, and
will not dispute that your domestic supply of liquor is no common stuff. We admit its
high quality in order to dismiss your' drinks and your sideboard from the campaign.
In the same speech, you introduced another issue by boldly declaring: , "One place
downtown! was in" business thirty-five years." We admit that. It- is a geographical issue
and you can prove it by the directory. But what has it to do with this campaign? There
are gentlemen in this city who have done business in one place forty years. They aiso
take an occasional glass of beer, even steam beer, and of, whisky, and carry a little stock
at home. -So you are not the only man who has done business at' the old stand for thirty
five years, nor the only one that drinks no longer water, but takes a little something rosy
for his stomach's- sake and his often infirmities. So these are not reasons why you should
be elected. "-•--.- . , < . . <
Colonel Kekewlch. during the sieee of
Kimberley, was approached by a private
\u25a0 "Colonel, when do ypu expect we are go
ing to get something to eat?"
"Eat!" exclaimed the colonel, "did you
eat"" - Srmy mCrely t0 Set somet .hi° Sto
Lg^Tr-iDunef-^ 0111 thC slze °< "."-Chl-
m MrS - J Umper was ' in a bad humor.
Things had gone wrong with her and she
was about to give Mr. Jumper a piece of
her mind when she saw the sky darkening
and, looking out of the window, said
"There's a storm coming."
Mr. Jumper scratched his head then
pertinently Inquired: '
or out?"— Washington Star.
, : The human being stood on the curb
stone watching the horse with a sun bon
net on. . .. ' - .'
"I wonder," said the human being, "why
it is that I am embarrassed at the idea
of wearing a shirt waist In this weather,
while you don't seem to care how absurd
you Icok In that headgear?"
"It is due to a mere accident of birth "
answered the horse, good naturedly "it
is In the nature of things that I should
have horse sense."— Washington Star.
She — I see there's a woman in Chicago
who is offering $1000 to find an honest
man. : . \
He— She's different from a good many
women that I know. They'd be willing
to give all they have to find any old kind
of a man.— Chicago Record-Herald.
The-'Rev. Anson P. Stokes Jr. is a golf
player, with all his other charming ac
complishments. Yesterday in a match in
the Connecticut Club, at New Haven, he
defeated in the first round A. H. Chase of
the Norwich Club. The match was nip and
tuck, and Mr. Stokes came out a winner
by 1 up. The plaudits of the "gallery" had
died away and Mr. Stokes was receiving
congratulations when one of his old Yale
classmates stepped forward, threw his
arm across his shoulders and exclaimed:
"That was d good, wasn't it, Anson?"
The gallery was awed by the "big D, but
Mr. Stokes was quite calm. "Yes," he
said. "I am really surprised at myself." —
Holyoke Transcript.
She was a girl of wisdom. He said to
her:
"Do you love to wander in the moon
light?"
"Yes," she answered.
"JVhy?"
"Because it saves tae gas."
Then he did some mental arithmetic,
thought it over and said:
"Will you be mine?"— Chicago Journal.
"Well," asked the professor, -"did you
attend our commencement and meet our
graduates?"
"No," answered the editor. "I didn't at
tends but I've met them all. I guess. How
many young men did you graduate this
year?"
"Two hundred and twelve," answered
the professor.
"Then one of them must be 111," said
the editor. "Up to date two hundred and
eleven have been around to strike me for
a job."— Indianapolis Sun.
-Au wo:r,:d, mr,. /wells;
DOGS ON BRIDGE— J. S., Yerba Buena
Island. Cal. The reason that dogs are
not allowed to cross the Niagara Falls
suspension bridge unless carried is that
they are a nuisance on a bridge and those
in charge of the bridge have a right to
suppress a nuisance. A dog crossing a
bridge, ad lib., Js an irresponsible creatur3
and not controllable. Being such, a doc
might be the cause of an accident that
might result seriously. It Is to prevent
accidents from such a cause that dogs
are barred.
THE OLD CLIFF HOUSE— Old-timer.
City. Captain James G. Foster was in
1860 a member 01 the firm of Foster, Pat
ten & Tcrrey, owners cf the Interna
tional Hotel, on the north side of Jack
son street, between Montgomery and
Kearay. On June I, 1S63, Captain Foster
took a lease of tbe old Cliff House and
continued in charge until January 1, 1SS4.
The law of the State empowering Boards- 'of Su
pervisors to levy taxes for bonded indebtedne'ss says
that money obtained thus shall be applied to no other
purpose. The charter denies the transfer' of 'such
funds to any other fund or use. -The Supreme Court
has decided that the elections and proceedings upon
which the levy was based were illegal. Notwith
standing all of which law, Mr. Wells claims to have
saved the fund and Mr. Shortridge supports him in
the claim and with an oratorical flourish describes
him as the watchdog of the treasury^ who saved for
us the $223,000. : ' .
At present it is out of reach of the Auditor and will
remain so unless by legislation or by an order of a
court he be authorized and empowered to draw war
rants upon the fund to which it stands accredited by
force of the tax levy under which it was taken from
the taxpayers: .Until some legislation or court ac
tion be had it is more . than • likely that this money
intended for a! sinking fund vvill be. found to, be a
sunken fund.' \u25a0' : .\u25a0'.-' \u25a0 \u25a0'. ' '" : - .\u25a0"••\u25a0 j> ) \u25a0; : : .
In making that claim Mr. Wells and his orator are
doing something very much like trying to obtain
votes by false pretenses. Last year a tax was levied
to meet an appropriation of $208,500 to meet sinking
fund and interest account of six months on contem
plated bonds for panhandle and other proposed im
provements. From the statements made by Wells
x and Shortridge it appears the tax levy paid into the
treasury the sum of $223,000, an amount much in ex
cess of the appropriation. The money* was collected
by the Tax Collector, was paid by him to the Treas
urer, and should now be in the possession of that of
ficial. The Auditor has had no opportunity nor occa
sion to .save: it He is neither its collector nor its
custodian. \u25a0 He is merely cognizant of its being in
the treasury." ; \ "
A'MONG the few intelligible utterances made by
'Mr. Wells in this campaign is a claim that it
is due to him that $223,000 has been saved to
the city ' treasury. The claim has been repeated by
Mr. Samuel Shortridge, who in a speech at Metro
politan Temple said: "We hear of a surplus of $223,
000. * * f The Board of Supervisors sought in
every "way to secure the money, which had been set
aside for the payment of interest and bonds, the final
judgments against the city and of . the outstanding
funded debt. Who saved this money to the city?.
It was Asa R. Wells. He, the watchdog of the treas
ury, saved that surplus."
SEPARATE PROPERTY— Homestead,
City. Not knowing all the circumstances
that led up to your wife declaring a home
stead on certain property it is impossible
to give a positive answer to the question
asked, but generally the wife has no right
to declare a homestead on the, separate
property of the husband, no more than
the husbaqd has on the separate property
of the wife.
AN UNFOUNDED CLAIM.
ANARCHISM AND SOCIALISM-L. S..
East Oakland, Cal. The difference, be
tween anarchism and socialism is that
the former favors the abolition of all
forms of government and the latter ad
vocates a community of property so that
each shall have an equal share and favors
the abolition of rank. Anarchists and so
cialists are anarchists and socialists* the
world over.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
From this table it appears that the
movements of the head are always of
shorter duration than those of the body.
In some insects, says Signor Canes
trini, the head and body remain extreme
ly sensitive up to the las>t instant of life.
A cricket, if lightly touched, will raise
itself immediately, and, if touched more
titan once, \u25a0will jump about. That the
head is still alive is shown by the move
ments of the antennae. A moist and con
genial temperature tends to preserve the
softness and vitality of the head and
body, whereas a. dry and .warm temper
ature soon makes them rigid, fragile anil
insensible. This is most clearly seen in
the case of crickets and grasshoppers,
for, "if these Insects are decapitated in
cold • weather and are then placed in
moist ground they will live milch .longer
than they would If they had been decap
itated in 'warm weather and had then
been placed m dry ground.
I ,. 1 ,,i,, I .. I .. I ., I .. I ., I ..r,; I ..i..ini..:. l T. i: . lI . I .. I ,, IllI ., I .0
m
bodies after decapitation: '
DURATION OP THE MOVEMENTS.
Movements Movements
- \u25a0 of the Body, of the Head.
Geotrupes stercorarius. .. 5 days IS hours .
Cetonia aurata ,-^.9V5 days 4 hours
Silpha obscura « days 12 hours
Harpahis 60 hours 10 hours
Butterflies 13 days- Several hours
Ants 30 hours 30 hours
Wasps 5 days 21 hours
Bees 40 hours Several hours
Bombyx 30 hours 3 hours
Flies 36 hours 6 hours
Crickets 9 days 78 hours
Forflcules ....' 11 days 6 days
Grasshoppers 8 days 43 h. & more
Mantis religiosa 14 days 60 hours
Pyrrhocoris apterus 4 days Several hours
W. A. Prendergrast. secretary of the
Credit Men's Association, arrived from
New^York yesterday. v - He is staying at
the Palace. - - •
J. N. Feal, a prominent attorney of
Portland, Or., is staying at the jOccidcn
tal. He is accompanied by his wife.
Samuel Parker, the well-known Hawa
iian planter, returned from Washington
yesterday," and is a guest at the .Occi
dental. •
Frank A. Cr.essy, a banker of Modesto,
is in the city on business, and has made
the Lick his headquarters.
J. S. Slauson, the well-known banker
of Los Angeles, is among, the arrivals at
the Palace. .VVi
Clara Shortridge Foltz returned yester
day from a flving business trip to New
York.
F. B. Meslck, a railroad man of New
York, is at tha Palace, accompanied by
his wife.
A. H. Schnabel, a mining man of New
castle, registered at the Grand yesterday.
Dr. E. M. Gardner of Napa Is. spending
a few days at the California.
Ex-Congressman A. Caminetti o£ Jack
son registered at the Lick yesterday.
E. J. Markel, proprietor of the Millard
Hotel of Omaha, Is staying at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Collecting a number of insects, lys cut
off their heads and then carefully noted
\u25a0what took place in each case. Some of
insects made no voluntary" motion
after being decapitated, but when touch
ed or pinched g^ve every sign" of life.
The crickets remained on their feet ip a
natural position, even when headless, but
most of the other victims rolled over at
once on their backs. Lively insects, like
bees and ants, remained almost com
pletely motionless after they had been de
capitated, and -not until some time had'
slapsed did they seem to "realize" that
they had lost their heads.'.
The most surprising . fact, however, is
that Signor Canestrini saw butterflies fly
eighteen days and a few crickets jump
thirteen days after decapitation and he
even says that the insect known as man
tis religiosa moved quite freely fourteen
days after its head had been removed:
The following table shows how Ion? the
various insects decapitated by him con
tinued as 'a rule— «for a' few crickets
showed much greater vitality than is here
indicated— to move their heads and their
ing on th.em and especially with
the object of ascertaining to- what extent
motions are made by a body after the
head has been separated from it, Signor
Canestrini, an Italian scientist, thought
that it would be worth while to make
similar experiments on insects, and for
several months he has been devoting Kis
attention to this work. .?. «r .
KNOWING that the Academy of
Medicine in Paris usually obtains
the bodies of . decapitated crimin
als for the purpose of experiment-
HIGH SCHOOL— C. Sutter Creek, Cal.
A boy who has graduated from a gram
mar school In California may enter a high
school. In San Francisco there Is the
Lowell High School on Sutter street, near
Gough, and the Polytechnic High School,
corner of Bush and Stockton streets.
TRAINING SHIP— E., Stockton. Cal. A
man who has reached the age of 22 cannot
be placed on board of a United States
training ship. Having attained his ma
jority he Is a free agent and could not "oe
placed In the United States navy against
his will.
POLICEMAN NICHOLSON—Subscrib
er, City. It wa3 on the morning of Feb
ruary 16, 1884, that John Nicholson, a
member of the San Francisco police force,
was stabbed to death by a burglar he had
caught in the act on Pacific street, near
Jones.
OLD-TIME HOTEI-r-Old-timer. City.
The old-time International Hotel In
which David C. Broderick uttered the
words which formed the basis of the chal
lenge to mortal combat by Judge Terry
was opened April, 1S54, by Peck & Fisher.
BACK NUMBERS— J. S., City. The cost
of back numbers of The Call Is 10 cent3
for a copy one month old, increasing 5
cents per month for the preceding three
montns, then increasing 10 cents per
month after that.
SIN EATERS-^S., City. "Sin Eatera"
was a name applied to Individuals hired
in ancient times to take upon themselves
the sins of the deceased, that the soul
might be delivered from purgatory.
THURSDAY.". ..... .'.... . . ... .OCTOBER 31, ' 1901 .
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. .
Ittnu All Cocnccicatieas to W. 8. LEASE, K&ugtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE........ Telephone Freis 204
I'UBLICATIOJY OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F;
Telephone Press 201. -
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
• Telephone Pre» 202.
Delivered hy Currier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
• Sine?* Copte*. 8 Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including Foitszci
DAILY CALL. Oncludlnr Sunday), one year S*.M
DAILY CALL (Jncludlnr Eur.day), • months 3.04
DAILY CALL <lncludlcs Eunfiay), > : .cntfcs 1.68
DAILY CALL— By Eingle Month....... 65e
K3NDAT CALL. On* Tear .*...... 1.60
WEEKLI CALU Ox» Tear 1.W
All postmaster" are nnthortted (o reeelr*
• ub*erlptl<m».
i ' . Bunpl* copies \u25a0will be forwarded wbea requested.
MmA robscrlber* la ordering chanjre of addres* should b*
fiarUcslar to tlrm both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order -
to incur* a prompt and correct compliance with their requtst..
DAJKLAXD OFFICE. HIS Broadw«y
; C GEORGE KUOGXKSS. - . .. '
Xtfitger Foreign Advertisiagr, Ktrqnetts Bailding, Chicago. :
<Lce? DlEtaDce Telephone "Central 2SI3.") • , . '.-
KKV T0RK CORRESPONDENTS
C C CAUL-TOX Herald Sa«ar«
IOCW YORK REPRESENTATIVES
tTEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Ualldlnff
< \u25a0 • CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: .".'• -
Sherman Eboic; P- O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; ' Auditorium Hotel. . • " , .
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
' cr.tll S:SO o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:S9 o'clock. 833
McAllister, open net 11 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
I •:» o'clock. 1S11 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1C36 Valencia, open
entil t o'clock. ICC Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
ZZOO Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
OLD PEOPLE'S HOME— H., Oroville.
Cal. The Crocker Old People's Home la
located in San Francisco, corner of Pierce
and Pine street* For admission, therein
address the superintendent. \u25a0.. ,
ONION CULTURE— A. O. A., Saratoga.
Cal. Under the most Improved method
of cultivation it is claimed that 1000 bush
els of onions can be grown to an acre of
ground.
RICE— W., City. Rice thrown after a
bride is a relic of the "panla farreus" in
the most honorable - form of marriago
called "confarreatlo." \u25a0*
The expressions at the class meeting on Tuesday ; simply " emphasize our advice
given. early in this campaign. It is evident to every observer that Mr. Tobin is the only reg
ular T candidate who can win, and he only by general support of the community. This is a.
time for entire frankness. We perfectly, well understand what it means for us to openly give
this advice against the infuriated leaders of the class movement, but we understand as
clearly that our advice is as much for the protection and prosperity of the men led by
those leaders as for any other members of the community. We have^ toward them rio
such malignant feeling as their leaders express toward us and the merchants, manu
facturers and business ifien of this city. We realize clearly that in defeating their perni
cious class ticket' the city is saving them. We want them saved, and for that reason advise
the plumping of votes. If a Mayor is- elected to carry out the views - and principles ex
pressed by them on Tuesday night, San Francisco will not sbon^ recover from the blow,
and labor will be the first and longest sufferer.
With what light* we have and guided only by a desire for>-the. city's) welfare, and to
further the interests of the whole community, we regard the support of Mr.<Toj)in as the
only means of escape from the peril threatened by the savage agitators.
Early in this campaign we called attention to the danger implied in the running of
any class ticket. We again sound the-warning. Of course that ticket can receive only a
minority of the total vote, but if that minority be a plurality, a plurality elects, and let no
one hope that the savage threats made by those Infuriated leaders will be forgotten, or
the vengeance-' for which they thirst be left unexecuted.' ;-\u25a0' ; . _ '*. .
; - * -The Registrar, estimates that the total vote will 'be about. 56,000, a great reduction
upon the registered vote. In that' vote it is possible for 18,800 votes to .elect, a Mayor,
and under the charter the Mayor is the government. He ; can dismiss without charges
every governing board in the city. He can make over new the police, school, public
works and civil service boards. He can thereby change the" Chief 'of Police and the entire
force. In fact under the charter system every officer and employe in this city practically
holds office subject to the will of the Mayor. Even the civil service regulations are pow
erless to protect the' classified service against the rapacity of a Mayor- who demands that
his "class" shall run the government of the city in its exclusive interest.
None of the speakers'* understood- or practiced the noble rhetoric of understate
ment. Those mistaken men selected the worst social conditions known to history and de
clared the- conditions in this country to be Ayorse than any heretofore .known by ,man.
Every speech was a distinct declaration of war upon society. This was done with. a bitter
ness of. invective and a surplus of vituperation seldom heard in a public meeting. It is
true, of course, that'the speeches were made by the defeated leaders in the recent strike, a*nd
were therefore naturally in the form of a demand for vengeance. s The attacks made upon
the officers of the law, for enforcing it, were savage to a degree that should teach all sen
sible and law-abiding people that government cannot be jsafely entrusted to men in whose
behalf such things are said: 'V ; -- ; :
- •• One of the speakers declared that "industrial absolutism," whatever that is, had. led
to "political absolutism," whatever thatis, and ' "brojjghtcabbut;:- conditions which ren
dered possible, a Coxey's army, walking across alkaU'deserts (to civilization."
All such stuff goes with the people ,to . whom -it is addresseci; It-is a gross and seri
ous misstatement. The conditions that began in 1893 "were not local to" California. They
were general throughout the Union. The panic of- 1893 had ruined tens of thousands; of
employers and suspended the employment of labor.. To say that this was a local condition
only is untrue. Coxey's army was organized inOhio, by a; political charlatan, and did not
march. across alkali deserts; it lived on the cpuntry-fordwhile on. its way to Washington
and there evaporated. This speaker says it marched -to civilization, implying that it started
here under uncivilized conditions, and crossed -alkali desertsto better things.
But the absence of truth and logic made no difference to the meri that listened, and
who became enthusiastic when told that-they are slaves.^^l]he .candidate ; for Mayor de
clared specifically that the police would not be -permltteli' !to : protect workingmen from
violence on trucks and drays. If not on trucks ariddrays,' .where else?'. '\u25a0< ; : \u25a0 \u25a0'. .
A T the mass-meeting held by the candidates on^the- class ticket at Metropolitan
- /\ Hall on Tuesday, all appearance of interest in the whole community was aban
/—\ doned, and the ticket was put forward in the interest of a supposed distinct class,
* . * ; which has chosen to create itself and in politics to separate itself. from: the rest oi
the people '
THE OLASSTIOKET.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
*HE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1901
BEHEADING OF INSECTS
I N INTER EST OF SCIENCE
EXTRAORDINARY EXPERIMENTS HAVE BEEN MADE BY A SCIEN
TIST IN THE DECAPITATION OF INSECTS. GRASSHOPPERS, BUT
TERFLIES AND OTHERS, SHOWING WONDERFUL VITALITT
AFTER LOSING HEADS. . >•;
6
Orpheum — Vaudeville. •-\u25a0*•"• ."'.- c. ;\u25a0 •
California— "Sporting Life," ••\u25a0'.... .•-.:.;•. . ,, " .
. TivcM— "La Bcheme." - '." . \u25a0 .. ." : • • '
Central— "Tbe Great JCorthwest."
Grand Opera-hcuM — "My Friend From India."
Grand Opera-house — Grand opera, commencing November 11.
Alcazar — "Tennessee's Pardner."
Columbia— "The Henrietta." " •
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ever.inr- ' \u25a0 ' . --* . -.'•:•• \u25a0. ' "
Fischer's— Vaudeville. . ' •'\u25a0 ...;.'
Recreation Park— Baseball." ' '. '. :. -" -'.
Sutro Baths— Open nights. : , • : , ;
AMUSEMENTS.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men bv 'th^
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 510 Mnni
Townsend's California glace fruits 50c *
pound, in fire-etched boxes or J«n "^
kets. A- nice present for Earternft- h S "
639 Market street., Pal a £ gJjTSi jggg 5 ;
Cal. GlaceFruitSOeperibat Townsend's *
Choice candles. Tonwsend's, Palace Hotel*
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townspn* .LORING CLUB WILL CELEBRATE
ITS TWENTY-FIFTH ANNIVERSARY
Prominent Among Corps of Talented Soloists Who
Will Assist Organization Is Miss Anne Louise
Daniells, Whose Voice is a_ Rare Soprano
TALENTED SOPRANO WHO
WILL SING AT LORING CLUB
CONCERT.
"The present. offlcers*of the Loring Club
are: Winneld S. Jones, president; Edward
C. Hutchlnson, vice president; W. C.
Stadtfeld, secretary; \V. A. Murlson,
treasurer; Ed C. Boysen, librarian; D. "W.
Wise, assistant librarian; David W. Lor
ing, director. •• \u25a0 ' , \u25a0
Solos will be sung by Dr. J. F. Smith,
tenor, accompanied by J. C. Fyfe on piano
and organ; E. H. Me'dl^y, barytone, and
Dr. S. Schalkhammer. S
The programme will comprise Schu
mann's "Forester Chorus," Petschke's
'•Come -in the Silent Night," aria from
"Samson and Delilah," by Saint Saens;
Fischer's "The Woodland Rose," Brew
er's "The Birth of Love," Buck's "King
Olaf's Christmas," "Wohlgemuth's "Secret
Love," a folksong of the eighteenth cen
tury, Rubinstein's "Since First I Met
Thee," Franz's "Im Herbst," Chadwick's
"The Danza.V Franz's "Rhlnewine Song,"
Strauss' "Blue Danube "Waltz."
Splendid Programme.
will be Miss Anne Louise Danlella. Mls3
Daniells Is a soprano of rare power and
attracted unusual attention by her singing
since her return from the East several
months ago. Her voice has been cultivat
ed by some of the best vocal educators
and she will shortly return for further
study.
The club will also be assisted by Miss
Ruth W. Loring, piano; Joseph M. "Wil
lard, first violin; Theodore F.. Blake, sec
ond violin; Charles A. Gwynn, viola;
Leonard M. Waterman, cello; B. Spiller,
bass, and Jacob B. Levison, flute.
LONDON;. Oct. 30.— A dispatch to the
Times from, Constantinople says, that the
Turkish Embassador at St.* Petersburg
has informed ; the * Sultan of .Turkey j that
the annexation' of . the)lslacd of; Crete ..to
Greece is imminent and inevitable.
Annexation of Crete.
DUBLIN, Oct. 30.— At a meeting of the
directory of the American-Irish League a
resolution was passed earnestly appealing
to their countrymen In the United States
to give a hearty, welcome to Messrs. Red
mond and O'Donnell and all possible aid
to the league. in its fight to preserve the
remnant of the Irish : race in Ireland and
to defend "its right to national freedom. .
Ask Welcome for 'Irishmen.
The reception given by the Woman's
Auxiliary of the Brltlsn and American
Union last night at Golden Gate Hall was
largely attented and' was a pleasant af
fair. The following- programme/ was ren
dered: Vocal solo, Miss Cook; bagpipe
selections, T. S. R. Tevendale; vocal solo,
Margaret Hewitt; vocal solo, Flossie
Beauford; vocal sold, J. B. MacNamara;
vocal solo, Miss Walbey; addresses, Wil
liam Greer Harrison, Mrs. JR. Hewitt and
Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn; dance, Miss Char
loTte d'Evelyn; dance," Miss Sydney Smith.
Woman's Auxiliary Beceives.
Eutchers Meet Candidates.
The Journeymen Butchers' Protective
Association gave a high jinks last night
at 909 Market street. A symposium of can
didates was the principal feature. Every
man whose name is on a ticket was in
vited to be present, make his bow, eat
a sandwich . and take something with
which to wash it down. Many of the
candidates availed themselves of the op
portunity and were received with varying
degrees of political fervor. Boxing bouts,
songs, recitations and political speeches
were/given without regard to any order,
except that everybody had a free and
easy time. Ben Davis was master of
ceremonies and proved himself an adept
in his position. •
Sues to Have Deed Set Aside.
Mary Johnson filed suit yesterday
to have a deed made by the late
Patrick O'Connor conveying to , Cath
erine Cullen a lot at the cor
ner of O'Farrell and Laguna streets
declared null and void. She alleges that
Catherine . Cullen and her. husband, Jo
seph Cullen, piled O'Connor with drink
and narcotics until he became subserv
ient to their wishes, and that at the time
O'Connor executed the deed he was not
of sound mind. She further alleges that
the defendants prevailed upon. O'Connor
to. destroy, a will bequeathing to her a
large sum of money. ,
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell Is still in the flght
and> will certaJnlywin this time.-Be sure
to vote .for him for Mayor by writing, his
name,' with a cross stamped opposite, with
a lead pencil at. head of blank column." *
Torty Million Dollar " Corporation
- Rapidly Advancing in Work of j •
.;.;;.\u25a0\u25a0•.., Organization.-. \u25a0;\u25a0•'./\u25a0; , \u25a0
The Associated Oil Company of Califor
nia, representing the bulk of the-oil-pro
ducing plants of the ! State, \u25a0 transacted
considerable business at its meeting yes
terday In the offices of W. S. Porter In
the Mills building and elected officers, for
the ensuing year.
While the proceedings were executive,
it was stated that there is ' a decided
unanimity of opinion among the oil men,
and it is predicted that the mammoth oil
combination will shortly be in a' position
to control the market and secure good
prices for the output of the oil lields.
The officers elected yesterday for the
forty million dollar corporation are as fol
lows: .
C. A. Canfleld, president; W. G. Kerck
hoff, vice .president; W. A. Jacobs, tlrst
vice • president; O. Scribner, secretary;
Burton E. Green, treasurer; directors-
Henry Ach. W. F. Chandler, C. A. Can
field, \V. G. Kerckhoff, B. F. Brooks, B.
E. Green, H. H. Blood, M. J. Laymance,
\V. A. Jacobs, O. Scribner and "W> S.
Porter.
The officers of the company will hold
another meeting this afternoon.
ASSOCIATED OIL COMPANY :..-
ELECTS ITS OFFICEKS
'•Charles Bergerhoff, a German, living at
333 Harriet street, has decided after a trial
extending over several years that he can
not live in peace and joy with his Irish
wife and has evolved a unique method
for freeing himself so that in time he
may be mated with a lady of his own na
tionality, whose temper will be &ver calm
and unruffled and who has no knowledge
of the art of vituperation. The measures
which he has adopted, however, have
worked such hardship on his wife and
children that an appeal has been taken
to Secretary White of the Society for the
Prevention 'of Cruelty to Children.
Domestic infelicity, as both parties to
the dispute agree, has reigned long over
the Bergerhoff family. A short time ago
the husband was arrested for chasing his
wife down the street with a chair leg for
the purpose of convincing her that his
opinions, arid his only, were correct.-
After that unfortunate episode and the
disagreeable complications which ensued
he, declared his intentions of making her
leave him. Accordingly he .appropriated
to his. own use one of the three rooms
which the family occupied and placed a
heavy padlock on the door. Gradually the
provisions were moved into this room un
til the rest of the family became desti
tute. To insure control of the food sup
ply, Bergerhoff slept with the flour, but
ter, eggs, potatoes and* other eatables.
His isolation was. almost complete,- al
though occasionally he would dole out
enough to his family for them to' keep
body and soul together. ' y '
A day or two ago this connecting bond
became so thin that an improvement
seemed urgent and assistance was asked,
and the suffering wife told all the fore
going facts to the Society for" the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children. Officer
McMurray went to the house yesterday
morning and states that- he found the
woman's story was true. He told her that
under the lav/ she was entitled to a part
of the provisions and advised that she
seize them forcibly. An ax was procured,
the padlock was broken and the mother
and children secured the food. Secretary
White of the society states that Berger
hoff will be arrested and the future of the
children will be looked out for.
Charles Bergerhoff Cuts
_^ Off family Food
y>r/' Supply. ,:•. ; ,;
TRIES TO MAKE
HIS WIFE LEAVE
fcaypaHE Lorihgr Club' will celebrate the
1 anniversary of ltsor
1 ganization at Native Sons' Hall
|| this evening. The concerts hereto
fore given by this talented musical
society |jlive been greatly enjoyed by the
music-loving public. For the first con
cert of the twenty-fifth season Conductor
David W. Loring has selected some of
the compositions of the best masters and
frequent rehearsals under his able direc
tion insure an almost perfect rendition of
the various musical numbers.
The club has been favored by the fam
ous composers. Arthur Foote and George
W. Chadwick, with special music in honor
of its quarter-century celebration, but
they will be given at future concerts dur
ing the season.
:• Soloists of the Evening.
The soloist at this evening's concert
Donations to Monument Fund.
Tne following donations for the McKin
ley monument fund were received at the
business ofRce of The Call yesterday: •:.
Golden State Parlor. Native Daughters
of the Golden "West. <3; H. E. Overding,
il, and Roy Bunstrine, $1.
To-morrow morning the feast of All
Saints will be celebrated at St. Dominic's
Chusch by high mass at ll o'clock. Mrs.
Grace M.. Dickman will slnjr Howe's "Ave
Maria" s»t the offertory and there will be
benediction in the evening. Cherublni's
"Requiem Mass" will be. sung at 9 o'clock
en Saturday morning when All Souls' day
will be. celebrated. Algernon Aspland will
sing.a;-£2lection from Verdi's requiem and
James H.Howe will play several numbers
on the organ; \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0,\u25a0 '.. *
"Will Celebrate Two Feast Days.
O]«ning remarks. Fred Hooper, president of
the Auxiliary Club; tenor solo. V.'iMiam Ogril
vie; violin eo\o. John Doherty: SDprano solo.
Miff K. Barry: fancy dances. Florence Bowen;
banjo koIo. William McKcnny: specialties, E.«
Lambert; cornet Polo. Miss H. McLain; humor
ous selections. Kelly and Marlowe: rag time
Fele?tions. Frank Bods: .buck and wing dances,
Duront and Bemhard. .
The former active members of Company
B. First Regiment. League of the Cross
Cadets, who recently formed an auxiliary
club, gave an entertainment and dance at
Mission Parlor Hall, on j Seventeenth
street, near Valencia, last^night. The en
tertainment was given for the purpose of
raising funds to aid the company in secur
ing new uniforms. The main hall was
har dsomely decorated with a profusion of
bur.ting and evergreens. : : " \u25a0
Previous to clearing the floor for danc
ing the following programme was carried
League of the Cross Cadets.
Divorces were yesterday granted to
Helen -Gertrude Hassett from William
Hassett for desertion, Charlotte McCar
thy from John McCarthy for desertion,
and.Elise Schoknecht from Henry Scho
knecht for failure to provide.
; "Suits for divorce were filed by Sylvan
der J. Karker ngainst Mary Rosella Kar
ker for desertion, Florence G. Tilton
against. Clarenoe O. Tilton for desertion.
Susan T. Whits against Henry White for
failure" ; to provide. Magdalena Agaton
against Emil Agaton for desertion, and
Luther Adelberg against Albert Adelberg
for desertion. " . •
In the Divorce Court.
Murdock admitted that a number of pa
tients had been removed from the asy
lum yesterday and expected more to : go
at once. A new corps of nurses was in
stalled yesterday. \u25a0,. '•\u25a0".- *.
It is true that I owe the nurses some money,
and I (ruess that I ought to Day them. I don't
owe Dr. Frizell a cent, for he was goinc to
work for three months for nothing, and then
we were going to see what he was worth. '
As to who constituted the Board of Di
rectors Murdock said he could not tell.
"I have put some money into the insti
tution/''he said, '-nearly aU I have. -I
think John Russell, at present at San
Jose, and AV. G. McCarthy, whose where
t> bouts I do not know, is another one. I
will have to refer you to the articles of
incorporation for the i others."
As to Blumenberg's connection with the
institution Murdock was as illy advised,
although he admitted' that Dr. Bussing,
the new resident physician, had been em
ployed by Blumenberg at his Pine-street
establishment.
Murdock has been employed at various
times at Agnews and the Oregon State
Asylum as ward attendant and night
watchman and has had similar experience
in English and Scotch asylums. He says
he telephoned yesterday to Dr. Windele,
informing him of the trouble, as he court
ed Investigation, but was unable to reach
him. Murdock says he did this on '\u25a0• the
belief that he was the proper man, al
though' he is merely a local examiner .of
the insane. . " :- .•'. '.-
**You ought to. see the food they give
the patients." chimed in the nurses in
chorus. "We would not take it to them
sometimes, it was so bad."
"Miss Dugan, who has been but four
or five months In the business, put up
all the medicines 'until I stopped her,"
t-aid Dr. Frizell.,. "None of these nurses
nor myself have been paid since we went
there, although one or two of the girls
were specially engaged, to take care of
the insane patients. The statement is
untrue that any one of the nurses left
the French Hospital on account of the
trouble, although Miss Crap was em
ployed there during that time."
Superintendent Murdock was very reti
cent when approached about 'the matter
yesterday. He said:. ' •
Here Is one case where the law should step
in. Mrs. T. Schnerr of 1330 N street,- Sacra
mento, has a dauffhter in the institution for
whom she is \u25a0 paying $95 per ' month. Hef
mother recently visited her and the young
woman was riven a room on the lower floor.
As soon as the mother left the daughter was
placed in a room in a corner of the top floor
and left there without a bed or mattress. ' Her
mother has been notified and is expected down
to-nigh; to take her daughter away.
There is also the case of Mrs. Vice, 87 years
of ace, . who* is dying from cancer. One of
these nurses saw Miss Dugan and Superintend
ent Murdock slap her in the face. She com
plained and begeed to be taken away, or else
allowed to die in peace.
About ten "days ago Dr. Hatch, accompanied
by Blutrenberg- and Otteman Stevens, came out
and inspected the institution. Everything was
arranged for their benefit, and when Dr. Hatch
tsaw my diplomas, which were displayed in the
office, he ordered the Issuance of the certifi
cate, which bears date of October 23. Since
that time the trouble has commenced. /
I am coins to brine this matter to the at'
tentlon of the State Board of Lunacy. The
way Datients are treated there is a disgrace.
S. P. Blumenberg, who was connected with the
Hotel Nymuhia, and runs a so-called-dispen
sary on Pine street, near Kearny, is the head
of the affair, although Alexander Murdoch: la
the manager. .
Although only in effective operation for
six weeks and with a license from the
State Board of Lunacy Commissioners
only a week old, the St. Elmo Hospital
at Eighteenth and Douglass streets, has
come into an undue share of notoriety.
After the discharge of Dr. ( J: F. Frizell,
the resident physician; three nurses and
a male attendant, tales are being- told of
the treatment accorded patients that do
not reflect credit upon the management.
Dr. Frizell left the hospital yesterday
morning with his wife and Misses Crap,
Brannan and Read, nurses, and Edward
Smith, a male attendant. Dr. Frizell,
acting as spokesman, has unburdened
himself of the grievances of the party.
The doctor and his wife have undertaken
to care for the employes who left with
them until such time as they can procure
other places. The .physician said yester
day:
Late -Resident Physician De
clares Patients Are .
.' ... . . -Mistreated.
Says St.* Elmo Hospital
Affairs Should Be
Investigated.
FRIZELL MAKES
SOME CHARGES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1901.
7
FOR MAYOR,
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
For Tax Collector,"
Republican Nominee/
#\u25a0 - ' . * . ' \u25a0 •
...FOR...
AUDITOR
HARRY BiEHR,
Regular Republican Nominee.
VOTE- FOR
JOHN FARNHAM-
- — FOR
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
1 VOTE FOR
F*. BOLAND, r
"*" Democratic Nominee for "
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEES SATTJKDAT AND SUXDAT.
To-night and Every Eveninj- Thl» TVmIl
WALTER B. PERKINS,
The Clever Comedian. ' in
"MY FRIEND FROM INDIA,"
Another of H. A. Du Souchet's Funny Comedies
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 23c. 50c. 73c
Good Orchestra Seata All Matinees. 23c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium. ,
NEXT "WEEK
"Walter E. Perkins in "THE NEW BOT."
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
Grand Opera Season
Three Weeks, Beginning Hot. 11.
Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
SALE OF SEASON TICKETS
CLOSES SATURDAY. 8 P. ST.. AT THB
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Prices for season of 20 performances, $35 to
$l£0. according to location. Boxes In propor-
tion. Repertoire for first week will includa
"Lohengrin." "Carmen." "Traviata," "Ttnn-
hauser."" "Huguenots," "Faust" and "Man-
on." All presented with remarkable casts and
ensemble.
Sale of Seata for Single Performances
\u25a0Will commence "Wednesday. Nov. 6th. at th»
Box Office of the Grand Opera
House. Prices $2 to $?•
WEBER PIANOS USED.
. & Thall. Manarera. ,'•,».'
ALL ThIsT WEEK.
A Popular Revival of ""*,
TENNESSEE'S
PARDNER.
Bret Harte's Beautiful Romance. •
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAT. ;
Next-"NANCT AND COMPANY."
EXTRA MATINEE" ELECTION DAT
(TUESDAY. NOV 5TH.)
1 \u25a0
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO ys. SACRAMENTO
To»day, Friday and Saturday at 2:45.
SUNDAY...... AT 2:30P.M.
RECREATION T*ARK.
Eighth and Harrison streets.
FISf!HFT?\S concert house,
riObnUn D Admi««ion 10c.
GEISSLER - HIRSCHHORN TYROLEAN
TROUPE; Symo and Syma; Celia De Lacy:
Eleanore Jenkins: The Laskeys; Christian;
' Christy, Tramp Juggler, and Hlnrlchs' Or-
chestra. Reserved Seats, 23c. Matinee Sunday.
SU-T-RO BflTHS.
OPEN NIGHTS: open dally from 7 a. m. to
11 p. m. ; ba thin ar from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
Admission 10c, children 5c; bathing:. Including
admission, 25c, children 20c. On and after Mon-
day. Nov. 4, 1901. the Sutro baths close at 6 p.m.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and- travelers who have
journeyed from all part3 of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY, ON THB MST
day of December, A. D. 1900,. and for the
year ending: on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of th« State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the 'Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 155,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and •-'-\u25a0
Bonds owned by Company JTLWs 2S
Cash in Company's Office 1.64« 55
Cash in Banks »..•«•»; 11.970 Oo
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1.2aO 82
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages •• • •' &-* '*
Premiums in due Course of Collection 92,231 92
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 3, OSS 32
Certificates of Deposit in hands of _
Trustees 79,327 13
Total Assets ../... ..<618,g28 S3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid............ $4.426 43
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
! SUSD9nS6 ...*...•••••••••••••••••••••••••\u25a0 13,603 5t
Losses resisted, including expenses... 19,900 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $355,184 97; re-
insurance 50 per cent 177.532 4S
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $211,016 SI;
reinsurance pro rata 109,951 95
All other liabilities 45..50 16
Total Liabilities '...$371.234 84
: , ; * income.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums • •• $437.5S8 23
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4,59127
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 14,808 SO
Received from Home Office 69,896 §S
' Total Income '..$526,685 23
.. EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses -<ln- '
eluding $43,639 64, losses of previous
years) - • $403,583 &
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 113,359 63
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 23.1SS 42
Paid for State, National and Local
taxen ; 12,434 03
i \ll other payments and expenditures. 24,739 65
; Interest remitted to Home Office 15.667 63
j Total Expenditures $592.971 10
I Fire.
i Losses Incurred during the year $337,412 46
i _ — -
I Risks and Premiums.. ¥tre Risks. Premiums.^
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $53,045,619 $669.902 85
Net - amount of Risks
expired during the
year. 69.962.4C9 874.976 93
Net amount " in force • •
December 31, 1900 .43.063.S76 866.20184
ADOLPH LOEB. V. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th
day of January. 1901.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
WALTER~SPEYER,
General- Agent , for the Pacific
Coast States and Territories,
225 SANSOME STREET
. San Franclnco. Cal.
Weekly Call,$l,00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PLAIN TALK .
To Catarrh Sufferers.
Every person suffering from catarrh in '
its many, forms knows that the common
lotions, salves and douches do not cure. It I
Is needless to argue this point or to cite
cases of failure, because every victim of
catarrhal trouble knows It for himself if i
he has tried them. - • ;
A local application, if It. does anything '
at all, simply gives temporary relief; aj
wash, lotion, salve or powder cannot:
reach the seat' of the disease, which is !
the blood. . ' .- j
; The mucous membrane seeks to relieve ;
the blood of catarphal poison by secreting |
large quantities of mucus, the discharge
sometimes closing up the nostrils, de-
scending to the throat and larynx, caus-
ing an irritating cough, continual clearing
Of the throat, deafness, indigestion and '
many other disagreeable and persistent
symptoms.
A remedy to really cure catarrh murt
be an internal treatment; a remedy which
will gradually cleanse the system from,
catarrhal poison and remove the fever and
congestion always present in the mucous
membrane.
The best remedies for this purpose are
Eucalyptol, Sanguinaria and Hydrastin,
but the difficulty has always been to get
these valuable curatives combined "In ' one
palatable, convenient and efficient form.
Recently this has been accomplished
and the preparation put on the market
under the name of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets; they are large, pleasant tasting
lozenges, so that they may be slowly 'dis-
solved in the mouth, .thus reaching every
part of the mucous membrane and finally
the stomach and intestines.
An advantage to be considered also is
that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets contain no
cocoalne, morphine or poisonous narcotics
so often r found in catarrh : powders, and
the use, of. which often entails a habit
more dangerous than the disease. ".':
Stuart's Catarrh . Tablets are sold Ly
druggists at 50 cents for full-sized pack-
age and are probably the safest and most
elf ectuU catarrh cure on the market. -
\u25a0tifl CijBL^tb _\_ y£__i_\_*9_M_ QV -^&± \__\_\
n B I kI 6m H Bml B h BmJi
9< a fa BmSI sffl BaQ fi ?9 n
A greater volume of
busi n ess by $8388 30 at-
tended^ id at a less ex-
pense by -'$16,-145.23, mak-
ins: a nit saving of $24,-
533.53 over his predeces-
sors, is -the record of
Edmond Godchaux,
Democratic Nominee ior
re-election for Recorder.
For,.,
CITY ATTORNEY,
Regular Republican Nominee.
John Lackniann,
Regular Republican Nominee.
Fop RECORDER,
Chas. E. Corey
Republican Nominee.
_ FOR TAX COLLECTOR,
Joseph Fassler
Democratic Nominee,
POLITICAL.
. . . \u25a0'B 1 O^R^vi: ; :V.'-r:-;M^:.
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--".' \u25a0 . '. \u25a0 ;\u25a0 . '
Democratic ; Nominee. ; "
i ADVERTISEMENTS. /
/ / :fe <^p> \ \^\ \
*T»T ttV TT4T TTTJTO '
1 Ujd; I KU 1 JnLo.
K^tJDROP of inkSwill color a whole glass- *
Ww of water, s It is an inch of yeast which
makes a pan of bread rise,. and a single
of soap containing unabsorbed
j alkali can ruin a hundred times its cost in laces
and fine embroidery. After all, is it wise to take
such risks with common soap ? Of course you
can get along without Ivory Soap. So can a
wagon without axle grease— but it goes hard.
eo»»«io«T t»t •• tw rncita - a--*yi ee. cinci»".»t<
AMUSEMENTS. ' ,;;
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
STUART ROBSON
In Bronson Howard's Greatest Comedy.
"THE HENRIETTA."
Last Performance Saturday Night.
EYTD A t BEGINNING
*-»'*> 1IV/ * i NEXT-MONDAY.
: \u25a0:'\u25a0:• • Engagement of
SARA tl COWELL
LE MOYNE,
America's Grandest Actress*
In the Brilliant Historical Play.
THE FIRST ca'&.es
DUCHESS OF »}Wk
MARLBOROUGH WiS
SEAT SALE BEGINS THIS MORNING.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
- — MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.—
LAST WEfcK OF GRAND OPriRA.
' To-night, Sunday Night and Saturday :'V
Matinee,
"LA BOHEME."
Friday, Saturday Nights.
"CARMEN."
tj _____ \u25a0 j
\u25a0 Sunday Afternoon.
, BENEFIT VERDI MONUMENT FUND.
Seats Now on Sale at Tlvoll.
Monday, Nov. 4— First appearance in America of
POLLARD'S JUVENILE OPERA CO.
In THEBLLLE OF NEW YORK.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
POPULAR PRICES ...25c, 50c and 73c
Telephone Bush 9. ..
ALL HEADLINERS!
Lillian Burkhart and Co., Miyo Sar.,
Harris and Walters, Beaux and
Belles and the Biograph. Last
times of I*eslie Brothers, Mignon-
ette Kokin, Francis Le Page and
John Geiger.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c: Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c. '.
EVERY~'eVENING— MATINEE SATURDAY.
- The New York and London Success.
SPORTING LIFE
* NEXT* SUNDAY NIGHT.
IN OLDKEMTUCKY
SEATS NOW_SEL,LING.
CALIFORNIA THEATER,
Elllnghouse and Oppenheimer Be? to Announce
Three explanatory recitals at the piano on
PARSIFAL, DIE MEINTERSINGER, TRIS-
TAN UND ISOLDE.
Afternoons of November 5th ana 12th at 3:15.
L »T BY MR. "WALTER DAMRO3CH.
PRICES— Orchestra. SI 50; . Balcony Jl; Gal-
lery, -50C. SEATS NOW READY.
BELMSCO "<» THAlES^+rim
• ~-*zh \u25a0+ — . m r Tt* i '_i—Z'
jg g^ SFK.E *w k 5} _s fftA yj3 - — ~j*i 5^-
\ TO-NIGHT— Every Evening this Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
THE GREAT
NORTHWEST.
The Host Stupendously Spectacular of All
Great Melodramas.
nn TEC Evenings 10c. 15c, 25c.«Sc. 50c
rilWCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
NEXT WEEK— "NORTHERN LIGHTS." »
EXTRA MATINEE ELECTION DAT (Tues-
day, November 5).
CHUTES and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show!
HARRY "HARMON
In His Fatnoui 9C-?oot Dive.
specialIo-night !
THE AMATEURS
AND AN INTERNATIONAL
LADIES' WeOD-SAWING CONTEST.
Telephone for Seata— Park 23. \u25a0 \u25a0 ; ' .\u25a0
CALIFORNIA j
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF B
THEM ALL" 1
Everything that tends to y
epeed, comfort, pleasure ". and \u25a0
luxury unlimited. Reserve I
berths for thi» famous train E
at 641 Market street. |
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND \
THURSDAY, 9.00 A. M.. DH THi ]
SANTA FE J
aod
-.oA-^BsrVV". K&k..^ Can obtain renew-
W^J^H'V-lSat?^ ed s f«n«h and
/ s^tJvSr£J!SP?£r%^± s vigor by tne use o£
/ Ju^JtWn»1vX"S.\. "^ r - Plerce's (lat-
.//Tf^TTXr^'X \* elt Improved) • -
?• ''/> rA^f 'fs^S : "ELECT RICBELT"
.end Appliances. ; Drugs do not cure. Elec-
tricity is the remedy! Buy no Belt until
[ .you see Dr.. Pierce' a. for tt-ia the BUST.
' -Thousands cured!
1 *.' ICT'Call.at office or send & 2c stamp for
i -new -."Booklet No. I." \u25a0 Address PIERCK
L ELECTRIC CO.. MB Po«t at..? Ban Fran-
.ct»co.- eastern office— 1145 Broadway. N»w
\u25a0York. •\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0- -\u25a0. . : .-\u25a0••LONDON, Oct. 30.— It is reported that
Earl Russell, whose wife was awarded a
divorce from him a few days ago because
of his bigamous marriage in the United
States to Mollle Sommerville, will re
marry Miss" Sommerville to-morrow. The
Earl has just completed a sentence of
three months' imprisonment imposed on
him by the House of Lords for his Amer
ican marriage.
Earl Russell to Wed Again.
, t The warship Pactolus left Plymouth at
a late hour to-night, carrying mail for
those on b<J ard the Ophir.
/ LONDON, Oct. 30.— The steamer Ophlr,
conveying the I>uke and Duchess of -York
and the royal party, which is just '. com
pleting a tour of the world, sent a t dis
patch by means of .the Marconi .wireless
telegraph system to a" signal station on
Scilly Islands at 6 o'c:ocX this evening,
announcing their arrival at a point fifty
miles distant. . •\u25a0. .•„ • '"j
Royal Party on Board 'the Ophir An
. nounce Their Approach to
... • England. • :" •
HEWS FOB THE KING
BY WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— As a result
of the sessions of the naval general board
and the naval board on construction in
this city an identical programme of naval
construction will probably be submitted
to Secretary Longr. This programme will,
it seems certain, contain provision for
four battleships and four armored cruis
ers, as well as large and small gunboats,
the latter for service In the Philippine
Islands.
The general board proposes to recom
mend the construction of about a dozen
picket boats of not more than 800 tons
displacement and high speed. The need
of such boats was demonstrated during
the war with Spain, when in order, to es
tablish a close blockade of Cienfuegos
ftnd Santiago de'CHba Rear Admiral
Bchley and Rear Admiral Sampson, were
reducedto the necessity of stationing 1 con
verted yachts and unprotected cruisers
Inside the armorclads. .
The board on construction held another
meeting to-day at which the discussion
of the programme considered on Monday
was continued. The board is Inclined to
defer -to. the opinion of the general board
End as soon as the latter submits its re
port it will, undoubtedly formulate its
recommendation. The frequent revolu
tions in South America prove, in the opin
ion of the board, the necessity of having
on hand a sufficient force of gunboats for
cruising purposes along the waters of
Central and South America. . . 1
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gunboats Will Make Impor
\ . . \u25a0\u25a0-'' . \u25a0 .
tant Addition to the
;. r Service. -
Extensive Programme Is
Formulated by Two
Naval Boards.
NEW WARSHIPS
TO BE BUILT
Continued on Page Eleven.
"Early in September the Marshal received a
telegram from the Attorney General. He re
fused to allow the appointment of deputies . to
meet the lawless situation and stated that local
assistance should be relied upon. On September
14 and 15 there was great excitement in Nome
and it was rumored that the bank of the
Alaska Company was threatened. I told the
Marshal according to the revised statutes and
under the condition of affairs he might employ
additional service. I then — ote to Washing
ton." ..-''.
"Did you give Vawter at that time any
orders about obeying a writ of supersedeas
served upon him?"
"I did not."- :'
"Did you give him an order to swear In a
posse comitatus or to deliver the gold dust to
any people?"
"No, sir."
The witness' denied all orders to Vawter
"State the circumstances that led up to the
writing of your letter to Vawter dated Sep
tember 15. 1900." ••;.•-
• Frost -at that time was introduced to
Joseph K. Wood. He met Marshal Vaw
ter in Seattle before' arriving at Nome,
but McKenzie was unknown to him be
fore August of that year. For a time he
lived at the ' Courthouse along with the
Marshal, deputies and Judge- Noyes, but
as differences arose between Vawter and
himself the former ordered him to move
even at: a time when his wife was sick.
Then followed the story of Vawter's re
quest for advice. He- averred, to Frost
tnat his force was inadequate to cope with
the situation at Nome and earnestly asked
for more deputies. Frost wrote to Wash
ington, stating the request of Marshal
Vawter. This was August 15, 1900.
Attorney Heney. conducted the examina
tion during the afternoon. . In reply to his
first question the witness said:
"After this letter the Marshal and myself
held conversations frequently on the situation
in Nome."
"WITNESSES WHO WENT ON THE STAND YESTERDAY MORNING AND AFTERNOON TO GIVE TESTIMONY IN*
THE CONTEMPT PROCEEDINGS NOW BEING CONDUCTED BEFORE COMMISSIONER HEACOCK. RE
SPONDENT FROST GAVE JHIS SIDE. OF THE STORY FOR THE FIRST TIME. . . . • \u25a0;••; ;»•;.. •;
AFFAIRS NOT SETTLED
TN NORTHERN PACIFIC
Wall Street Is Kept Excited by the
Circulation of Idle
Humors. • \u25a0:\u25a0-
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— The Times to
morrow will say: The only developments
in the Northern Pacific situation Wednes
day was the appearance^ of the Chicago
and Northwestern in the settlement. As
a matter of fact it was learned from a
representative of the Harriman interests
that the Northwestern has been consid
ered in the settlement from the first. The
Chicago and Northwestern is the Chicago
connection of the Union Pacific and its
interests are closely identified with the
latter. It forms a connecting link be
tween the Vanderbilt and the Harriman
system and Is supposed to be controlled
la the Interest of both. .
Regarding the many rumors about the
Northern Pacific affairs which were cir
culated in Wall street during the day, it is
learned that they are almost all without
foundation. The report that a settlement
would be made before the end of the week
was characterized as untrue by one of the
gentlemen interested In the matter.
The same authority is responsible for
the statement .that it may be several
weeks before the matter can be perma
nently disposed of. When the settlement
shall have finally been made it will be on
a basis which will preclude any possibility
of the questions involved arising again as
disturbing: factors.
CHICAGO. Oct. 30.— The Chronicle to
morrow will say : A new transcontinental
railway system is \u25a0• to be formed. The
Pennsylvania and Santa Fe roads are
planning an alliance. Heretofore the
Pennsylvania's connection to and from the
West has been the Burlington, which has
become the property of the Morgan-Hill
syndicate. The scheme is not a financial
proposition, bnt merely one involving
dose traffic relations.
Closer Traffic Relations.
the calling out of the army and navy to
prevent thfe "Xiane crowd" from getting the
•'yellow' 4iisti.M At least, so says Vawter.
Now comes: Frost, with as .complete e a
cpntradietlott as ever court, reporter . in
scrtbe'd,; in : a 'record, ic His story. -revives
and rounds. but the $20,000 offer- to Noyes
for the discharge of :the receiver arid Vaw
ter is bcrund;up -in.it in no pleasant way.
This testimp'ny;. made: the sensation of • the
day: \u25a0\u25a0'•;\u25a0•'^-'fi'-'v \ "v' : : "'.'/''.-- : '' .\u25a0:- '\u25a0•'; '••\u25a0'.'\u25a0 -•\u25a0'."" - ;
Frost is ;a; shiall,; young ; man with., a
delicately, chiseled; face and the nicest
manners'- in : the •; world. . The testimony
shows him as an ..enemy of obscene'lan
guage and ..a man of : protean occupations.'
In iapid succession .he" was a special ex
aminer, sent out". by- .the.: Departments of
Justice from Washington, a Deputy Dis
trict Attorney and a -private secretary.
Irr this .last capacity he served Judge
Noyes. When he reached • Nome he did
not know. any of his brothers in contempt.
Since then his lot has in a measure been
cast on their raft. Although on the stand
during the greater part of the. day, , the
direct examination of Frost is not ;yet
completed. Judge Dudley Dubose will di
vide the day with him, as a he has been
Ordered to appear. . .\u25a0'••'•.
Captain French Testified.
The belated witness of the amicus
curiae, Captain Charles G. French, arr
rived on Tuesday and was put upon the
stand yesterday morning. He was in com
mand of Company K. Seventh Infantry,
stationed at Nome during: the memorable
Estimates are submitted by the Missis
sippi River Commission and Missouri
River Commission as follows: Mississip
pi Commission, $3,476,000; Missouri River
Commission, $1,065,200. The estimates for
local improvements, as made by the chief
of engineers, include the following: Mis
souri River above Sioux City to Mon
tana, $200,000; San Diego harbor. $200,000;
San Pedro Bay harbor, $400,000; San Luis
Obispo harbor, $65,000; canal at the Cas
cades, Columbia River, Oregon, $90,000;
Columbia and Lower Willamette, below
Portland, Oregon. $325,000; mouth of the
Columbia River, Oregon and Washington,
$600,000: Grays Harbor, Wash., $176,775;
Everett harbor. Wash., $177,000. For im
provement of the Yellowstone National
Park, $275,000 Is asked.
General Gillespie also makes an exten
sive report upon river and harbor works
and discusses each improvement at con
siderable length, besides submitting esti
mates for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1903. These estimates are considerably, In
some cases 50 per cent, less than those
submitted by those in charge of the
work— under continuing contracts, $6,4S9,
677; rivers and harbors (general), $12,543.
600; examinations, surveys and contin
gencies, $300,000; under California Debris
Commission. $15,000; prevention of depos
its In New York harbor, $70,260; enlarge
ment of Governors Island, New York,
$500,000.
For the construction of submarine
mines and storage facilities an estimate
of $100,000 is submitted; for searchlights,
$500,000 fcr InstaJlatlon and $500,000 for
maintenance, and mains and conduits are
needed. The experience at New York
has shown that economy in installation
is promoted by using the fortification
plants for post illumination also. The es
timates submitted would fully equip with
searchlights four more Important har
bors. General Gillespie takes up in de
tail the state of the defenses in each of
the fortification districts, showing just
what has been done during the year at
each point and what Is projected. .
- Money for the West.
An estimate of $300,000 is submitted for
repair of fortifications, which is less than
one-half of one per cent of their value.
During the year negotiations have pro
ceeded for the purchase of fortification
sites in Boston harbor (two>, in Narra
gansett <three). New York harbor (exten
sion of Fort Newton, three sites), Port
Royal, San Francisco, San Diego, St.
Johns River, Fort St. Philip and Cape
Henry, Va. With few exceptions these
places must be procured by condemna
tion. An estimate of $2,000,000 is submit
ted for purchases of sites.
Plans for Fortifications.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— Twenty-five
cf the principal harbors of the' United
States now have a sufficient number of
heavy guns and mortars mounted to per
mit of effective defense against naval
attack, 6ays General Gillespie, Chief of
engineers, in his annual report.
He briefly describes the original pro
ject framed by the Endicott Board for
the coast defense and shows how It has
"been amended from, year to year. The
Improvements were the change of rapid
fire eruns and the elimination of armored
defenses. A provision has been made
for emplaclng 325 heavy guns, 327 rapid
fire guns and 376 mortars. Now General
Gillespie wants six more nexr mortar bat
teries and four gun and mortar batteries
and an appropriation of $1,000,000. The
Fortification Board having declared pneu
matic gun batteries obsolete the depart
ment has discontinued work on such bat
teries, as Fishers Island and Port Royal.
C. S. A. .Frost, one of those in contempt,
was put on- the stand. His malfeasance
as charged rests on things said and the
testimony of Marshal Vawter is relied
upon by the amicus curiae to prove the
contempt. It was Frost who advocated
COLONEL MAY. whose plug hat
won him his title in Nome, Mar
' shal Vawter,' who looked 'out for
order In the mining district until
Senator Carter of Montana ended
his Federal career, and the, mysterious
stranger • who gave motion to. the $23,000
bribe offer for services to be performed
by Judge Noyes, made their reappear
ance yesterday in the contempt proceed
ings before Commissioner Heacock.
The Government's case has been- closed
for the time and the .respondents are
now driving the ball into the outfield. . . .
Estimates Are Submitted for
an Increase in Arma
ment
Chief of Engineers " Re
ports Upon the Coast
Defense.
OUR HARBORS
WELL FORTIFIED
Here ended the Government's case, and
the first witness of the respondents was
called. C. S. A; Frost took the stand and
Judge McLaughlln began' the cross-exam
ination. A long line of preliminary ques
tions was exhausted before, the witness
reached any Important exposition.
"When did you first meet Judge
Noyes?" questioned' Mclaughlin.
\u25a0 1'Jn July, 1000." ' • ~
Frost Mounts the Stand.
Judge Johnson was then recalled for
cross-examination on the famous Jetter,
which Plllsbury produced, and which
Johnson, in conjunction with! Kenneth
Jackson and Albert Fink, signed. The let
ter was marked and became a part of the
documentary evidence of the case.
Handing Judge Johnson the letter, Me
"Is that your, signature?"'
"Do you recollect signing a duplicate of that
With that laconic answer Judge John
son was allowed to go his way and Sam
uel Knight was recalled to the stand to
explain a letter and inclosed papers .of
which he waa the' author* It referred to
contempt proceedings . brought against
him In the Nome court. In one of the pa
pers Is the statement that a miner by the
name of Reis claimed that he paid Judge
Noyes $2000 to keep a I receiver off Anvil
Creek No. 4 or 5. A Major French owned
it, and he was anxious to have no receiver
on the claim. '
Pillsbury's Letter Produced.
"Was there a hearing before Major Van Ars
dale on September 15?" was the next query of
the amicus curlae. • -
"Yes. ,.»The question to be decided was
whether the military should enforce the writ.
The request was made by Judge Johnson,
Knigbt and Jackson. It was opposed by
Geary and Dubose. I think, there were others,
but I don't know whether they spoke or not."
"Did you have any relations with Geary
about this time?" ~t
"Major Van Arsdale told me to get a writ
ten opinion of Geary's argument, which was
for the non-interference of the military."
•* Then Pillsbury went back to the dispo
sition of the sentry and guards at the
bank. French, after replying that he was
in Nome at the time of McKenzie's ar
rest, said: . . . • . .' ' •
"Metson'came. to my office and requested me
to give him a force to arrest McKenzle. I
told him that I didn't think violence would be
necessary and that he should make a written
application for the arrest and the securing of
the gold dust. When we first went to the bank
I asked for the keys to the boxes, but they
were not produced and the boxes were opened,
by a locksmith and a chisel."
"Do you remember what position Geary took
in regard to validity of writs."
"I think he said they were properly signed."
•The cross-examination was confined to a
few questions.
days when the golddust was taken from
the vaults of the Alaska Bank and Trust
Company. On September 14, 1900, he visit
ed Judge Noyes to talk with him about the
incorporation, of the town. The writs of
supersedeas had arrived and in the course
of the conversation the* writs . were dis
cussed. Captain French said: .; ' ,
•"I saw the Jfcdge, and he told me not to is
sue any executive orders. I 'understood that
I was not required to undertake the execution
of these writs." -
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL;- THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31, 190i;
First of Nome Officials Held for Contempt -States. His ;Case and Contradicts
the Evidence of Marshal Vawter Relative to the Alleged' Attempt
Made to Corrupt^ Judge; Noyes in. the Interest of Certain, Miners
RESPONDENT FROST GIVES TESTIMONY
CONCERNING STORY OF BRIBE OFFER
8
CALIFORNIA NORTDWESTEU £L C&
* • LESsaa
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
• RAILWAY COMPANY. N '
'\u25a0 .Tlburon F«rry, Fc-&* «f JborC&at S%
. ' San Francisco to San Rafael. \u25a0 \u25a0'
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. in.; H:2o\
: 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l-ii
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. .^ • . • . .
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:10, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. in. •. ;
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 23. 1SO1.| San Francisco."
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days. \u25a0
7:30 am 8:00 am Nova to, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm -6:20 pm
\u25a0 I Fulton,
7:30 an? Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:33 am 5:00 pm Hopland 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm S:00 am and Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm . 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
. 6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pome, Potter Valley
John Day'6, Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell's.'
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Git's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, Wlllits, Laytonvllle. Cummins
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronlcla
building.
H. C. WHITING, v R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'dlOvrl'd Local
Daily • Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:is n
• \u25a0"\u25a0 Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 911 p
". Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 d
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
'" Vlsalla.... 3:40 p 4:43 a' """"
" Bakrsflld. 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a ""
I" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a .. **""
" Chicago 8:15 p[ 9:00 p ....""
a for morning, p for afternoon.
*9 a. m train is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only caT
rylng Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnin~
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run^
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick
ets are honored on this train. Correspond
Ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. - * u
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12-M
p. . m. . daily. ..\u25a0 - .. .. *'
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express -with
1 through Palace and Tourist Sleepers anrt
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; a!so
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p „',
dally. \ \u25a0 . . . ." .
7:20 a- m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley Corre
spondlng train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dallv
-^Ofnces-641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway Oak
land. j ' -
HOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave . Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran
! 5 ! |J: :«s-itr — I E SiS J:
I *•*" r - \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 o:jo p.
r»rt, «m FnaoUn to Baratt md JMtn, f 1 M, \u25a0
tUkitOfttti, «l MAMZT8T8IXT w4 oAVSAXBO rilBT.
I ADVEHTISSMENTS.
Poison ivo-ylfiF.
are among the best known via4^P^'^ 1
of the many* dangerous f~5\\\\/y '
wild plants and shrubs. &lrP //
To touch or handle them . /LjSL^.
quickly produces swelling Iw^^ni^ '
and inflammation with in- Y J7 \|v§|/
tense itching and burning . j/z^^rS^s.
of the skin. The eruption ([[7ffl(fiG§k
soon disappears, the suf- ikc^y n/w
ferer hopes forever; but \^* *
almost as soon as the little blisters and
pustules appeared the poison had reached
the blood, and vill break out at regular
intervals and each time in a more aggra-
vated form. \u25a0 This poison will loiter in the
system for years, and every atom of it
must be forced out of the blood before you
can expect a perfect, permanent cure.
A A Nature's Antidote
Poisons,
is the only cure for Poison Oak, Poison
Ivy, and all_ noxious plants. It is com-
posed exclusively of roots and herbs. Now
is the time to get the poison out of your
system, as delay makes your condition
worse. Don't experiment longer' with
salves.washes and soaps — they never cure.
Mr. S. M. Marshall, bookkeeper of the Atlanta
(Ga.) Gas Light Co., was poisoned with Poison
Oak. He took Sulphur, Arsenic and various
other drugs, and applied externally numerous
lotions and salves with no. benefit. At times the
swelling and inflammation was so severe he was
almost blind. For eight years the poison would
break out every season. His condition was much
improved after taking one bottle of S. S. S., and
a few bottles cleared his blood of the poison, and
all evidences of the disease disappeared.
People are often poisoned without
knowing when or how. Explain your case
fully to our physicians, and they will
cheerfully give such information and ad-
vice as you require, without charge, and
we will send at the same time an interest-
ing book on Blood and Skin Diseases. (
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA. GA.'
DR. HALL'S fiEINVMORATORgraig
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Five KMJ TsSSl
hundred reward for any case we nffiS B&gQ
cannot cure. This secret remedy B gj
cures Emissions. Impotency, sRSS K33J
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, KyH Prnv
Strictures, Drains, Lost Man- Lv<jJ UrVJ
hood and all other wasting ef- KffiS BBSi
fects of self-abuse or excesses. KlffttBSF.w
Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call 'or address orders
HALL'S. MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 835 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073&
Market St.. S. F. ..Send for free book. \u25a0
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAtt
... Via Sausalito F*ny.
Commencing September 2a, 1901
FROM SAN FRAN CISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND. SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30, *3:30, 11:00 a. m.
•l:45 t 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, »e:15. 6:45 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. t \u25a0\u25a0-.
SUNDAYS— »S:00. *10:00, 'll^O a. m.. *1 : 1S
3:15, »4:45, 6:30, 9:30 p. m. .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27, 7:45, 8:35, -1015
a. m.. n2:23, 2:15, •3:35.-4:40. 5:30 p. m
.EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays'
and ' Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15, •8:00,, »10:00. »U:45 a. m
•1:40. \u25a0•3:16. 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45. 7:65. 8:55, 10:30 a rn '
12:35. 2:45, 8:50, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15 3-30
6:00. 6:45 p. m. • • . •
THROUGH TRAINS. •
' 6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and war sta-
tions. .
. 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and war
stations. , • .: .'..,,' •.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. - -' \u25a0 - . '\u25a0
Legal Holidays boata and trains will run on
gundftv \u2666'me. - ,..,.,
• ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
0 "^ 3^"^ Feel good towards all of the
« P"F^B Bsf^u>r II wor^* This is easily saidj but
i s&^IbJO a H k° w can y° u when your
I i bo( * y is sick? If you want a
I H tBOlraSltLl?' i feeling towards every-
I n wi&^kb.ir a body you have t0 feel well
\> r —*^m im^ T7;m^. mmMmiJi j9 yourself. Good health is the
basis of all enjoyment. . Pile up
money, obtain a reputation as a lawyer. or doctor or an expert
in any line and then wind up with poor health, and what have
you got? Bowel trouble, constipation, causes more trouble than
all other diseases together. It is indeed the root of all physical
ailments, and you will never feel well and enjoy life as long as
you suffer with constipation. It does not make any difference
what your disease is, if you want to help in its cure, start out
from the very foundation of all good health and set your bowels
right. No matter what you have tried or how bad you are, start
using CASCARETS to-day. Get a ioc box and try them. Then
get a 50c box, a whole month's treatment, and see how well you
are at the end of the time you have taken them. If you are not
entirely satisfied, return the "box and get your money back. A
sample and booklet free.
Address Stejrllng Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. inr
AJ)VEBTISEMENTS.
SHOsrarns
Mo CELEBRATED HI ;
• There is. no med.cine in the
world so gbo.l for stomach com-
plaints as the Bitters. It cures:.
Dyspepsia, Indig estioni Consti-
, pation, Biliousness; Malaria,
: Fever and Agrue.
A fair trial will' convince you;'
SOUTHERN PACIFIO.
Train* !«•«»«• mitt »r» «ln» t« nrrlia m%
MAM I'lUXCINCO.
' (Main Line. Foot of Market Street) *-\u25a0
IKAv* — Fitou October 8. 1901. — arritb
7:0O a Benicia, Suison, Elmira and 3»cr»-
memo . S:33p
7:00a VaciTille, Winters, Eumgey 1:53p
~t :3ua M auli.ez, Sau Uaiuun, Vallejo. Kapa,
dtlutoga ami .Santa Uosa... ..;... 6:25p
8:Oi»a DaTis, Woodland. Knignti Lauding,
Marys»il!«\ orn»iU«.. 7:3*F
S:OOa Atlantic (Upresi-OgJen and East 13:S3p
8:O»a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton ZsHar
\u25a0 8:OOa Nllei, Mendota. Hanford. VUalia.
rorterrUle 4:53*
\u25a0:30a Shasta Kxnres»— Davis, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Bed
Bluff. Portland... 7:33*
. *i3»a Sail Jose. Lltormore, Htockton, \u25a0
Inne. Saerameuto. Flacvrfille,
ll»ry«ille. Chlco, Ke<l itlnlT 4>2-tp
»:JOa O»«.lale, Chioese.aonorm. Carters... -tf£.»f
»:O«a Hay ward, N iies and Way Stations.. 1 IsA.Ia
t»:O(U Vallejo l^:23p
WsUVa Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Latlirop, Htockton, Mereed
Fresno and Los Angeles 7>S3m>
O:3»A Vallejn. Msrtlusz aud Way Stations 7:53 r
1 0:OOA The OrerUnd IJinited— Ogden. Den*
ver. Omaha. Chicago... «i"S3p
fl:OOr Sacramento Kiver Htemnen <3:0i»a
S:SSp Hay ward. Nil's ud Wsy 8taUont.. 7i33r
4ittttr llcniela. Winters. H»er»iii«nio,
Woodland, KnlguU lauding,
M»vys»ille. OroTille I0i35a
fiOflr MarUnex, Han lUinon. Vallejo.
Napa. (.'Hlistoga. Santa Itona WiSSa,
4:OOp Niles, Lirerraore. Stockton, Lodl... 19)2»F
4t:u»r Uayward. Mies. Hm Jnne, Littrmore t»:»3A
4>3<>p Port Ccsa. Tracr, Lathrop. Stockton 1oi23a
\u25a0 l:VUr The Ou\ IJinited— Fiosuo. Tultre,
BakersOeld. Haiigua for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angrles 8:53*
\u25a0:OOr Martin's, Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
ced, Frosno 13;25p
\u25a0i30? New Orleans Express— Mendota,
Fresno, Eakersfieid.' Los Angeles, ?. |
Deming, El /Paso, New Orleans
and East.. 7s33&
•i«op n»» ward, Nile* and Man Jose 7:334
{«iOQr Vallej. 11:234
•>OVr Oriental Sl»ll— Ogden, Chejenne.
Omaba, Cbic»go 12:23r
•lOOp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denrer,
8t Louis. Chicago 4:3»ff
7iOOp Oregon aud Callforuia ISxi>r«ss.Hao*
riimeiiti.. Marjs>ll!e. JSmliliiig,
l-,.rt.I,.i,.l, Piiget rtmnid ami Kas» 8:33a.
•t«3p San Pablo. Port Costa. Martiaes
and Way Stations 11:23*
t»:O3p ValUfr. 7t33p
COAST IiINK (.Wroir Uaaite).
(Foot of U.trket Street.)
S«13ANeirarl<.CmitKrilUtr.Haii.)oae, fc'elton,
lioiilderC'reek,.SaiitaCnizaudWa»
Htatloim 3>30r
IttlSp Newark CenUfTillw. Bait .lose, Naw
Alniudnn, r«lton. Itnulder Creek,
bant* Crux and l'riucipal Way
Stations..... I«i3OA
4tl,1p Newark, Han .loan. I.pk Gatos f!*:3i>A
•S.Sup Hunters' Train— San Jcae and Way
Sutions t7.aop
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Frea SIS m JCISCO— Jm 1 . of Market Strut (Sli? 81—
t1:lB 9:00 11:00*. u. 1:03 1:33' 5:15i-.«.
frsmOHUaa— rcil •' Bfo«J«>T.— tii:UO Jd.00 13:03
10.00 4.M. 12:00 a.03 4:C3r.u.
COAST IiINK (nroail (Jn »«;•).
':\u25a0";\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 (Third mid Townaemi Sta.)
Oil" A San Jose and Way sutions. «7TFup
7:«Oa S«h Jfuraft.,,1 \V»» SUtii.ns l::i«f
/7:«»A Now AlumiVii /J:1CP
U<OOa Hun Josh, Tiej I'icos. HanlN Crux,
PNcilie UniTv, t;allnas. 8sa I.ul*
Obispo. Santa Barbara and Priu-
di.*; ii.ternierlu.te ->t.u.i.. 114 7>43p
1O>3Aa San Jcse and Wsy dtmious. 4:1 op
I 1-.HOa Hau .liiae »•\u25a0•) Way .Hkwllmis AtUUP
t«: I5p San Maten, Kedwiio.J. Menlu Park.
Tain Alto. HanU Clara. Km .lime.
'TresPiaoa. H»nU Cun, Salluas.
Muiit«i«y »ii.l t'acilic i:roT« flO:»S\
llMrMnJnnimtWtr Station*. 6-.SOK
H:lAr Sau Jim ami 1'rineipal \v ay Stations »!••»*:
t3:OOpSan Jos<-, Los Gatos aud 1'rlncipal
WaySUtioin - f»:«O%
S:HOp SauJnapuml Principal WaySUtions M:3Ca
•iUOp Kedwo-ul. Han Jogo. Clltoy. flalioaa.
Santa Barbara. Lo* Acgeica IO:05»
«i3»r S»n Jos: aud Way Htati..i.» t»=" (> *
•ll:45p 3an Jos-^ ml Way .Stations fi:»Op
A for Morniug >* (nr Afternoon. 1
t Rim. lay executed, - t Sunday only.
_• Saturday oniy. and FridJCi.
S~%l -Dfe Gibbon's Dispensary,
jtf"»#r»^n C— *^ KEAnST ST. JCstoblished
t»*1ik ffcU 1 " l **>* for the treatmont nf lTiv«t«
\u25a0B IisSfffiBf Ol^exses. Lost Manhood. Debility or
BP^5rSHfe f1i * f ' as ° wearfujron hodyanil mimi Biiri
iJflKcfegfgg.Skln Di3»-nsca The Doctorrureswiien
i^»U«3wf!Moth*r» fall. Try him. Charges lnw.
?>lOf <ii£*iSf& <'u ro» cu.tranlreil. Callorwriia
Dr. J. *'. HIBBQ3U. fetaa Jrnnclsco. Cal.
BAJ/^ CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
l S tor^ .^ E N A e T rv»^ E8T0RATIVE ' WVIGORA.
Tbe Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th« Kid.
Mi » and I Bladder. Sell, on It.i own merit.,
r., m AB u ER> A^ FS * R RUNK. A««nt».
C3 Market it.. 8. F-tfead Mr Clrculara-.
\u25a0•.' : *!QOIJ> DTJST." $
H tsiQt the GOLD DUST twins do your work I" p
|fpg~t^g[ Jiff! fliliilif removes all dirt and stains from g6
[||| — woodwork and makes it look like 5;
bIs • -. iSTl new. It will clean the floor, kitchen F
pM } 'f =i-J?? ::^^^®S^^»w wars, furniture, dishes ar.d clothes
$% ' \ |U l^y* l^^ 3 *^*"*- Sand for cur. FR_E2 booklet. |'i
MJ ij^ c£jS SsJ "Golden Rules for Housework." E*.
Ill N '>^f Pj THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. M
§*a J'^^mI ' " 0§& "" Chicago, St. Louis, New York, Boston. By
RAILWAY TRAVEL. __
A fto lidayoiv Wheels
A trip east in a Burlington tourist sleeping-car is a veritable holi- • . i
day on wheels. ' • • *\u25a0 • ~ • \u25a0 . •\u25a0 \u25a0 ' 2
The excursion conductor makes everyone feel at home; organizes' ' 9 •
!' . entertainments; . sees to it that the journey across the continent is D
l j ENJOYABLE as well as comfortable. • '[_ .; |
From Los Angeles Mondays and Wednesdays ; San Francisco, Tuesdays and Thurs- . • \u25a0 \u25a0 H
days— Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis— EVERYWHERE cast. Tickets fl
. and berths at Southern Pacific ticket offices or by addressing ' .[ .• V • > \u25a0 \u25a0 " - A
3 . ' • W. D. Sanborn, Ccn'l Agent, 631 Market St., San Francisco. \u25a0 • : • ' AHensley 's „ Bail ;i Is ' Increased.
The preliminary examination of "William
Hcnsley, charged with Inducing Sadie
Cook and Bessie Vincent, minors, to go
to Vancouver for Immoral purposes, was
commenced before Judge Cabaniss yester
day, j Henaley was j ordered | into custody
and his -ball increased .•? to ; $500. Rawley
Harris,;; Marshal ..Harris % and Detective
Archie Haramill -testified to s the defend
ant's previous ' good character. 1 The hear
ing, will, be j concluded- to-day. ; , ;.-../.. , ,
Southern Pacific special train leaves San
Francisco December 18. Los Angeles De
cember . 19, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Bound trip, San
Francisco $80, Los Angeles 570. Personally
conducted, Dlnlrig-car, Pullmar. sleepers.
Limit sixty days. Low side-trip rates.
Optional ' itineraries. Make reservations
6ia Market street, San Francisco; 26X South
Spring street. Los. Angeles. , -.\u25a0• .; -•\u25a0. :> \u25a0. ;;.,-=
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
The -appraisers appointed to determine
the ' value of the "\u25a0 estate of ; Magdalena
Fortmann filed their, report ; yesterday;
The document shows "that the deceased
left an estate consisting of $41,500 cash
and real' property; located In thl£ city val
ued • at ?42 ,500. ' • :'.' ''
Valuable Estate Appraised.
Invalid Commits Suicide.
"Deth before so much sickness. Richard
Callick, Reddlns,' j Cal.,7 scribbled on ) a
card with a lead pencil explains why Rich
ard Callick was found dead In bed yester
day morning in the What Cheer v House,
Two tumblers - which had \u25a0 contained a
brown powder in liquid were on a chair
near the bed. Callick was a consumptive
and had been treated • at the City and
County Hospital.
Mrs. Lane Wins Her Suit.
A 1 jury in Judge Graham's court yes
terday rendered a verdict awarding Mrs.
Sarah Lane $3000 for services as house
keeper rendered to the late Thomas IJ.
Sweeney a short time before \ his death.
Mrs. Lane sued the executors of the mil
lionaire's estate for $4100. -
Several Appointments to Positions
Are Made From Civil Service
Eligible List.
The Board of Health met yesterday and
condemned the premises at 114 Union
Square avenue, which' was reported as
unsafe and v unsanitary. -A representative
of the agents of the building acknowledg
ed that it is in bad condition and
agreed • to its demolition by the board
after a recalcitrant . tenant . had been
ejected therefrom. -
The following. appointments were^ made
by the board from the Civil Service list:
Thomas Casserly, plumbing: inspector to
succeed W.;H. Tobin, who resigned to ac
cept a lieutenancy in the regular army: F.
Lydon, day messenger, and G. J. Plato!,
night messenger/ City 'and County Hos
pital; Louis .Monaco,* messenger. Health
office. ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0-
HEALTH BOARD CONDEMNS
BUILDING AS UNSAFE
Two petitions for a rehearing of the
code case were filed in the Supreme Court
yesterday. One was signed by sixty-nine
prominent lawyers from all sections of
the State and the other by the members
of the Code Commission.
The Civil Code, the Penal Code, the
Code of. Civil Procedure and -the
county government act were all practical
ly declared void about two weeks ago.
Consternation at once seized the framers
of the measures and numerous other peo
ple who were profiting: from the practice
of the new laws. Their, only hope lay in
the petition for a rehearing and in view, of
the fact that the decision of the court was
prompt and unanimous this hope would
teem to rest on a very frail foundation.
Most of the legal lights realize and are
pleased at the. apparent hopelessness of
the case. . . _ .\u25a0 .
A final decision will probably be given
In the course of a few days. .
Prominent Lawyers and Members of
Commission File Petition in
Supreme Court.
The Board of Public Works received s.
communication from Wallace Bradford
yesterday calling-attention to the dllapU
dated condition of : the streets and side
walks on Presidio Heights. \u25a0 - ; \u25a0 : ., . 1
Streets in Bad Condition.
Strosmayer Council Dance.
Strosmayer Council of the Young Men's
Institute gave a ball in Native Sons' Hall
•Tuesday night in celebration of the fifty
first anniversary of tho birth of the Right
Rev. Joseph Georgi Strosmayer, D. . D,
presiding Bishop of \ Djakovo, . for whom
the council was named. There was a very
large attendance of menjbers and friends,
and more than 200 joined In the. grand
march, which was led by Floor Manager
Tony Scar and Miss Julia Marish. The
function was Jnder the supervision of
Tony Scar, floor 'manager, and Joseph J.
Cereghlno, assistant floor .manager; Jc
seph ! Bilafer, E.' C. Armanrl, Joseph'. P.'
Cresalia, Tony Pilcovich, Nicholas Mov
tizia, John Violich and Mathew N. Baku
lich-of the floor committe. and Matthew
A. Tuttich, M. T. Cressalla. Andrew Mati
asevich,' Tony [ Radovich, . Charles Micich,
Paul Damochin and Tony Jelich of the re
ception committee.-
• Knights of the Royal Arch.
San Francisco Lodge of the Knights of
the Royal Arch, an organization of men
engaged In the liquor traffic, gave its first
smoker Tuesday night In B'nai B'rith
Hall, and it was attended by nearly 1000
members and friends, who were treated
to a programme after the style of the
Elks' high jinks. Jerome Bassity was
the sire and his assistant was Ike
Deutsch, while a dozen policemen were
busy " between numbers bringing to
the; "bar" of justice" a numb»r
of delinquents who were fined in
various sums fcr sins of commis
sion and omlesion and the fines
were put into the poor box."" There was a
lengthy programme of music, songs an3
specialties that were contributed by
Richard Jose, Anita Lamont, Miss Carl
ton, Matt Keefe. S. G. Quarle, Raj-
Trusty and wife, Peter "Woods and wife,
Davis and, Dehard and James J. Mackay.
After the' theaters closed a number of
professionals added to the pleasure of the
evening. The affair was under the direc
tion of Ike Deutsch, James Moffatt.
Charles Mitchell, George Green, J. F.
Cheatham, John" Crowley and David
Becker. There was a liberal distribution
of cigars, pipes and tobacco and lunch.
lady and the two at once became fast
friends.
Mr3. Meynell came from London to "this
city with Miss Celia Tobin, who has Just
returned from a trip abroad. The lady
is now a guest at the Tobin home and may
possibly remain here throughout the
winter.
The handsome Tobin home was beauti
fully decorated yesterday afternoon in
honor of the pleasant occasion. Dark
robed, sweet-faced sisters took possession
of the home in the morning and skillfully
arranged the many flowers that were used
to make the home beautiful. A profusion
of greens and long stemmed golden
chrysanthemums were used and the ef
fect was beautiful and artistic. There
was no receiving party. Mrs. Tobin and
her charming daughters welcomed the
guests and presented them to the dis
tinguished lady they were asked to meet.
Mrs. Meynell was attired Jn a magnifi
cent black silk gown that was elaborately
trimmed with lace and chiffon.
The hours of the tea were from 5 to 7,
during wnich time fully '200 people were
entertained. . . ,
During her stay here Mrs. Meynell will
write a series of weekly letters for the
Pall Mall Gazette of London. If is also
probable that the lady will appear before
one of the leading women's clubs and de
liver 'her famous lecture on Dickens.
f I HE engagement was announced
\u25a0 yesterday of Miss Ethel' Keeney
I : and Mr. Tomlinson of New
B. York. While »the mere fact of
the betrothal of the popular local
belle and wealthy "New Yorker was not
unexpected still the announcement came
rather as a surprise.
Miss Keeney and Mr. Tomlinson met in
New York last winter. It was, on the
part of the gentleman, a case of love at
first sight. "When Miss Keeney returned
to her home in this city Mr. Tomlinson
followed her out here. How well he
pleaded his cause the announcement of
the engagement shows.
Miss Keeney Is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Keeney and granddaughter
of Mrs." William Alvord. She is extremely
beautiful, graceful, attractive and accom
plished.
Mr. Tomlinson is a New Yorker of ex
cellent connections. He is a member of
the oil firm of Havemeyer & Co.
Miss Keeney leaves shortly to spend the
winter In New York. No date has been
set for the. wedding, which will probably
take place In the early spring.
Mrs. Tobin and the Misses Agnes and'
Celia Tobin gave a delightful tea yester
day afternoon -In honor of Mrs. Alice
Meynell, the celebrated essayist and poet
ess. MIsa Agnea Tobin, during her ex
tended stay abroad, met the distinguished
WANT A REHEARING OF
THE FAMOUS CODE CASE
Members of St. Ignatius
Sodality Appear in a -
Drama. -
f n HE BELLS, presented by the
XH members of the Gentlemen's So
dality of St. Ignatius Church at
College Hall last night, was a
highly creditable performance.
The piece was well staged and the ac
tors acquitted themslves so well that they
were frequently encored. The Elks'
quartet rendered a number of selections,
which greatly pleased the audience. \u25a0 :
The drama was produced under the di
rection of G. M. Hermance, and Signor
Angiola Spadina directed the orchestra.
Following is the cast of characters:
Mathlas, Frank P. Hayncs, S.B., LL.B.:
Walter, John L. Mulrenln, A.B. ; Hans, Joseph
Farry, AB., LL.B.; Christian, James C. A.
O'Donnell; Helnrich, Luke J. Flynn, A.B. ;
Dr. Zimmer (mesmerist), John L. A. Jaunet.
A.B., LL.B.: President of the Court, Richard
D. Blake: Notary. Thomas J. Lydon; clerk,
Oscar Thieme; Max, William Lonergan; Jury —
D. Campbell. D. Sheehan, G. Sheehan and R.
Valenti&e; 'Gendarmes, J. Valentine and J.
Dolan: the Jew,- L.. Healey; Peasants— E.
Thieme, M. J. Warren. J. Heagerty, J. Loner
gan. L. La Violettc, H. Beverly and J. Hef
fenian.
The Misses Tobin Entertain at a Swell Tea
in Honor of Mrs. Alice Meynell, a
Famous Poetess;
"THE BELLS"
PLAYED BY
CLEVER MEN
MISS KEENEY WILL
WED A NEW YORKER
SOCIETY MATRONS WHO HAVE SECURED BOXES FOR THE DOLL SHOW.
A PRECOCIOUS MISS WHO WILL SING FOR DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS' EN
TERTAINMENT AND DISTINGUISHED GUEST OF HONOR AT TOBIN TEA.
THE minstrel show given by
members of Buena. Vista- Par
lor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, in Native Sons'
Hall Jast night, was witnessed
by as many people as could find sitting
and standing room on the main floor and
the galleries. The affair was exceed
ingly well managed and was a great suc
cess in every way. It will net a hand
some sum for the fund that is set aside
by the parlor for the benefit of its mem
bers who are placed on the sick list.
Miss Annie Worth, past president, at
tired in. a black satin gown, and with face
blackened, was the interlocutor, while to
her right and left were the soloists in
evening dress, and at either end were the
bones and tambos, attired in green satin
skirts trimmed with red. On an elevated
platform was the chorus, some twenty
in number, attired in college gowns and
wearing mortarboards.
There were many brilliant sallies of
wit between the end women and the in
terlocutor, the coon songs were well ren
dered, as were the ballads, and each per
former was roundly applauded and forced
to give an encore. All were recipients of
many flowers. The programme included
the following numbers:
Overture, orchestra: opening chorus, entire
company. Introducing Miss Worth, conversa
tionalist: bones— Miss O'Brien. Miss Ticoulet,
Miss Fremier: tamboe — Mrs. "Wehe. Mrs. Mc-
Cormick. Miss Ligon: song. "Everybody Has
a Whistle Like Me," Miss A. Fremier; soprano
solo. Miss Etta Welch: song. "If That's So
ciety, Excuse Me." Miss Alice Ticoulet; con
tralto solo. Miss Etta O'Brien: song. "Every
Darky Had a Raglan On," Mrs. J. L. Mc-
Cormick; mezzo-soprano solo. Miss Emilia
Siebrecht; song, "Coon, Coon, Coon," Mrs. F. P..
"Welie; the dainty dancer. Belle La wrier Miller:
"No Coon Is Ever One-half So Warm," - Mis>3
Belle O'Brien: contralto solo. Miss- L. Wilson:
song, "Who Thru Dem Chicken Feathers
'Round My Door?" Miss Adele Ligon: finale—
"Marching to the Music of the Band," partici
pated in by Misses Ticoulet, Miller, Ligon. Pre
mier, O'Brien and Mesdames Wehe and McCor
mlck, and chorus— Mesdames C. Dodge, A.
Simpson, B. F. Hanlon and Misses C. Fre
chette, A. • Trautner, P. Weise. A., Weiss.
A. Garvin. M. Brady. A. Hauer. G. Curran, A.
Wehe. S. Levy, E. Llchtensteln, B. Benson, E.
King, F. Morgan. L. Morgan, A. V. Long.
S. Tupper, Masters J. Murphy, M. Wehe. H.
Gregory, J. Kelleher, R. Gallagher, T. Hum
phry, C. Wynn, F. Roskamp.
The show was followed by dancing, un
der the direction of the following com
mittees:
Reception— Mrs. C. &. Baker. Mrs. H. M.
Greene, "Mrs. C. Ligron, Mrs. A. Decker, Mis.
C. P. Dodje, Mrs. F. Quinlan and Miss A.
Hahne.
Floor— Mrs. F. P. Wehe (manasrer). MIsa
Alice Ticoulet (assistant manager). Miss K.
Bening. Miss B. O'Brign, Miss M. Lonx MI33
Annie Worth, Miss E. O'Brien. Miss A. Fre
mler, Mlaa A. Hauer and Miss C Frechette. -
Pleasing Minstrel Entertainment by Mem
bers of Buena Vista Parlor Given
. Before Large Audience.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS
SING FOR THE SICK
MRS. ISAAC HECHT paid $50
for a glass of punch at the
gift sale for the benefit of the
Woman's Hospital at the
Palace yesterday afternoon.
It was early, in the day when Mrs. Hecht
marched up to the keepers of the punch
bowl and asked fcf a glass of punch
brev.-ed according to the famous Chese
brough recipe. After she had quaffed
the delicious liquid she offered a $50 note
In payment and pleasantly told the lady
at the bowl that no change was wanted.
Mis. Hecht's example, in a modified
way, was quickly followed by other charl-
ladies present, and so before the
rhoir was two hours old the coffers of the
hospital began to bulge with gold.
I have never seen goods and . wares
more artistically and temptingly dis
played than they were yesterday. All the
ladios at the various tables had their
prettiest frocks and sweetest smiles on
as the excitement that comes from doing
a rushing business brought a pretty and
becoming flush to their cheeks.
Tfcere were eight tables, each with a
splendid display offered for sale, and with
prices marked In plain figures, just like
at all first-class counters. At the bro
cade table I lingered longest.. What glo
rious stuffs those brocades are! My pen
cannot do them justice. They must be
seen to be appreciated. Mrs. A. Chese
brough presided over the brocade table.
ar.d had for her assistants Mrs. Horace
Hill, Mrs. A. N. Towne, Mrs. Rabbins,
Mips Chesebrough and Miss Dillon.
At the punch table. Mrs. Charles Ban
crofT; -was in charge, assisted by Airs. I.
Hecht, Miss Irwin and Mrs. E. Goodwin.
Besiles dispensing th6 punch at this ta
ble, the ladies in charge are raflling off
some: chcice old wines and some unusu
ally handsome rugs.
It is the real Russian tea that one gets
at the Russian tea table, and it is most
delicious. It is brewed. by Mrs. J. Fra
nettz. and served by Miss Franetta, Mrs.
Angclo R. Duperu, the Misses Sandman,
Miss Julia Reid and Mrs. Lester Wells.
I would advise the Doctor's Daughters
to get for their doll show some of those
tiny biPQue ladles in dainty paper dresses
that Mrs. Stokes is selling. There are
fifty little dolls, each one prettier than the
other, and the hats they wear and the
gowns tbey wear are the finest I have
«vcr seen. No two of these pretty little
sawdust ladies are dressed alike. Mrs.
Stok«-s dressed every one of those wonder-
3Ienimac Hero Visits Church. Bazaar.
No little interest was given last evening
to the fair now being conducted in the
hall of the Holy Redeemer Church - at
Eighteenth and Diamond streets by the
presence of John Murphy, one of the six
companions of Lieutenant Hobson in the
memorable act of sinking the Merrimac in
the blockading- of the harbor of Santiago
de Cuba. Murphy, it may be interesting
to ncte, was the only one of the famous
crew injured in the perilous affair. He
Is only recently bax;k from the Philippines.
He Is; a close friend of Father McQuaide,
the pastor of the Church of the Holy Re
deemer. Murphy is as modest as he is
bravt:. . He went to the fair last evening
iinhp-alded and unannounced.
BY SALLY SHARP.
J. F. Corriea, one of the commission
merchants who is testing the constitution
ality of the fish and game laws, was found
guilty of the violation of the quail limit
regulation in Judge Cabaniss' court yes
terday. Sentence was suspended, but the
case will in any event be carried to the
Supreme Court. . . • -
Corriea Found Guilty.
Miss Lillian Burkhart has kindly con
sented to appear this afternoon and will
give several recitations. There will also
be vocal and Instrumental music rendered
by some of the best talent in town.
The maple room presented a gay ap
pearance last evening. The spacious hall
was thronged throughout the entire night
by members of the swell set. The court
yard of the Palace was also lined with
carriages waiting for the patrons of the
bazaar, who were intent on helping the
cause of sweet charity.
This evening .the Florodora society
sextet will hold another rehearsal. These
rehearsals will be held every other even
ing until the eventful night is here, so
when the time comes for the performance
the "pretty maidens" and "gentle strang
ers" will be letter perfect.
At; the '.'old curiosity .table" .Mrs. 'H.C.
Campbell is in charge and assisting her
are Miss Alice Findley and Miss Alice
Sperry- I saw some wonderful old snuff
boxes at this table and also a magnificent
collection of cameos.
Most delicious home-made candy is on
sale at the candy table. Mrs. J. H. Hatch
dispenses the sweets with the assistance
of Mrs. Bessie Smith, Mrs. George Eaton,
Mrs. A. Gartenlauber and the Misses
Sophie and Elizabeth Sullivan. . y
The sale will continue throughout to
day.
The Doctor's Daughters have things
fn Euch shape that as the days of the doll
show draw near but little remains for them
to do. Nearly everything has been at
tended to and almost all the details for
the big show are perfected by this time.
Mrs. F. P. Pray Is head stationer at
the stationery table. Miss Agnes Burgin
Is assisting Mrs. Pray.
There are useful articles galore at the
utility table. Mrs. D. H. Whittemore has
charge of the table and has the assist
ance of Miss Whittemore, Mrs. E. C.
Evans and Millie de Valin.
ful dollies. At the . table where these
dolls are offered for sale Mrs. Stokes has
the assistance of Mrs. Brooke Ridley and
Miss Gertrude Burgess.
All kinds of dainty fancy work Is of
fered for sale at the nurses* table, be
sides raffle tickets for a handsome set of
carvers and a fine upholstered chair.
Mrs. E. Younger is In charge of this table
and is assisted by Miss Adelaide Pollock,
Miss Prentlss Smith and a bevy of fair
young nurses. /
Petitions in Insolvency.
Raymond Fadle filed a petition in in
solvency yesterday in the- United 'States
District Court. He is a vineyardist at
Niles, Alameda County, and owes $349. . He
has no assets. John H. Ranrow, railroad
engineer, Oakland, filed a similar petition.
He owes 5798 80 and has no assets.
fornia Women's Hospital Draws
Brilliant Crowd.
Gift Sale at the Palace for Benefit of Cali-
GIVES BIG PRICE
FOR GLASS OF PUNCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1901.
BIG CHARITY SALE, A TEA AND AN ENGAGEMENT
KEEP THE SWELL SET INTERESTED AND AMUSED
9
ADVEETISEMENTS.
BERVOUSJROSTRATION, :
Miss TV. Childs-Blackburn Tells
How She Was Cured.
"Deae Mes. Phtkham: — I take
pleasure ia acknowledging the effect s.
of Liydia E. J*inlcbam*s Vegetable
Compound. In my estimation there
is no iemale remedy to equal it. Weak-
ness not properly attended to, together
MISS TV. CHILDS-ELACKEUP-N,
Secretary Rock Island Literary and Art
- Society.
\u25a0with the close confinement at icy .lesk
broaght on nervous prostratJoa,
bo much so that for a year 1 dcct»«rcd
continually. I tried different rtnv
edies which enly succeeded in poiscn-
ing my system, and ny stcicach r«
fused food. A neightcr who had st:*-
fered \rith ovarian troubles and
"was perfectly cured, called rsv
attention to your Vegetable Compoinid.
and I made up my mind to give it a
two months' fair tritl. HcwcTcr, tc-
fore one month had passed I Traa like
& new weman, and after six Treel:3
faithful use of the Compound I was in
perf6ct health. It certainly is of great
benefit. to wotnen»-,and 1 wish every
poor suffering woman could have a
chance to try it, Yours very truly,
Miss W. CraLDS-BLACKBURX, 2022 Fifth
Ave.. Kock Island: 111." —S50CO forfeit 1/
above testimonial is not genuine.
Nothing will relieve this dis-
tressing condition so siircly as
Iiydia E. Pinkhani's (Compound. .
Mrs. Pinkham advises sick -wo-
men free. Address, Xynni Mass.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J THE $
| SAN FDANCISCO BLUE BGOKf
]\ . The fashionable Private Address Di- , i\
% rectofy, now being compiled for the i*
? Season 19OM9O2. f
| . _ - : %
? Th!t year's edition will embrace In departments San Francisco. Oakland. Ala- ,y
~ irieda Berkeley San Rafael. Sausali to, Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose, San Mateo, V
4. Burlih-ame Palo Alto. Los Angeles, San Diego, Army and Navy, Personnel of the ••
• Pres« Theater Diagrams San Francisco Calling List by Streets; Membership, with »•
T B.jdtiws'cf all the clubs; Winter GueeU at the Leading Hotels; San Francisco Street- •*•
T a'd It^nue Guide. Street Car Route.. Shopping: Guide, etc.. etc. T£e Alphabetical 0.
"I* List -will contain the names, addresses, reception days, private telephones and coun- ..
v try rc«idences of the roost prominent families. Tho compilation, printing, binding, .
"T ciwr'and art work will be the very best In quality, workmanship and careful T
•I- e<rutiny The large advance fcubecription lltrt already secured attests the growing *i
4. r^tiiai-ifv of this nubllcation. and in this connection we have the highest Indorse- T
? EiS nS The tno£ prominent business houses by their patronage In advertisements. ±
£. A Jdress all changes In address, etc., to _. ,
Telephone West 839. •;
? CHARLES C HOAO, ;:
? Editor and Publisher, J.
| C22S Post St. . . San Francisco.::Seems Tireless in
His Movements All
Through. the Day
Big Fellow Enjoys
Every Branch of
. His Hard Training
Ruhlin Is Taking
Less of His Exer
\u25a0 v \u25a0 • -
cise on the Road
Curious Precedent
Is Established by
the Akron Giant
JEFFRIES CUTS DOWN HIS WORK IN ORDER TO GAIN IN SPEED AND VITALITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO-GALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31, 19OT.
PASADENA. Oct. SO.-President James
Wagner of the Pasadena Tournament of
Rose3 Association Is arranging a football
game between Stanford and Michigan
universities for New Year's day. ,The
Stanford manager has replied that the
date Is oDen. and Michigan expects to
«cme hew v . :
Stanford May Play Michigan.
The gymnasium of the Olympic Club
was crowded to its utmost capacity last
night. The occasion was ladies' night
The programme was all good, but the
ladles were particularly interested In the
boxing bout between J. E. Britt and W.
J. Leonard. It was a clever imitation of
a fight. The fencing between Professor
Louis Troncbet and E. Ortion drew ap
plause frequently from the spectators.
The Japanese wrestling by K. Inouye
and two pupils took the breath awav
from the ladles as well as from the pupils
Major Robert Reed's feats of swordsl
manship were thrilling. He placed a po
tato on the bare neck of G. L. Woolrieh
and cut the potato in. half with a slash
from a keen-edged sword. The blade
could be heard distinctly cutting Its way
through the potato: *
Clever Wrestlers, Boxers, Jugglers
and Swordsmen Contribute to a
Programme of Especial Merit.
THRILLING FEATS AT
OLYMPIC LADIES' NIGHT
Totals 34 18 0 24: 10 5
•2atte<J for Hodson.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0100 113 •— c
Base hits 0 12 0 112 4 •— 11
Oakland 0 0 0 0010 0 0—1
Ease hits 0 002 12102—8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hodson 2. Three-base
hit-Hemphill. Two-base hitB-Rellly 2, House
holder, Dunleavy. Sacrifice hits— Dougherty.
Jones 2. First base on errors — Los Angeles l"
First base on called balls— Los Anpoles 2 Oak
land 1. Left on bases— Los Angeles 9 Oakland
8. Struck out— By Jones 4. by Hodson 2. Hit
by pitcher-Householder 2, Francks. Double
play— Hodson to Mohler. Time of game— 1-43
Umpire — Levy.
Totals 32 6 H 1 27 10 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. S3. PO. A. E.
Francks, cf 3 000300
Mohler. 2b 4 0 0 0 4 10
Dunleavy, 3b 4 1 2 0 2 2' • 2
Moskiman, rf 4 0 1 0 2 0 ' 0
Eajraw' lb 4 0 2 0 8 0 0
Babbitt, e. s 4 0 10 1 l n
Kar.Fon. rf. 4 0 1 0 1 10
I-ohman, c. 4 0 1 0 2 1 3
Kodson. p. 2 0 0 0 14 0
•Schmidt ....1 10 0 0 0 JL 0
An Error by Reitz Is Responsible for
the Only Sun They Were Able
to Score.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 20.— Oakland was
never In the hunt to-day, and the score
falls to show how badly Lohman's men
played. Reitz's error was responsible for
the only run made by the visitors. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
» ,_.„ . AB - R- BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Eeiaphill. If 3 1 l o 3 0 6
bourherty. cf 4 12 13 0 0
Householder, cf. ..3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Reitz. 2b. .. m .... 4 0 10 3 11
Kihm, 1b 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
ReiHy. Sb 4 2 2 0 0 1 0
Kelly. «. S 4 110 3 3 0
Sptes. c 4 1 3 0 5 10
Jones, p 2 0 0 0 0 4 0
OAKLAND CRIPPLES LOSE
FIRST SOUTHERN GAME
Exciting Series of Baseball Games
Promised This Week — Earlier
Start to Be Made.
It Is refreshing to know that Cal Ew-
Ing's baseball cripples have departed.
They have ended a protracted engage
ment at Recreation Park much to the de
light of the fans. Los Angeles will have
them for thi3 week's series, and as a
consequence there will be some games
worth seeing ct Recreation Park. The
Eacramentos have come to town to meet
the Friscos. Owing to the shortening
days the games will be started at 2:45 p.
m.. instead of 3 o'clock as hereto
fore. Manager Beebe's bluff about bet
ting $1000 that the champions can beat
the Friscos, which was called by Mana
ger Harris, Is now In statu quo. The
line-up for to-day is as follows:
San Francisco. Position. Sacramento. I
Catcher Stanley
Pitcher ...McNeeley
Pabst First base Pavis
Kru s Second base Flood
g£i"7 .Third base Sheehan
f, h f7 -••\u25a0••• Shortstop .Devereaux
Hildcbrand Left field McLauphlin
Jvorayke Center field Courtney
Schwariz Right field Doyle
TTXCLE HEITOY'S ME2T
MEET THE SENATOES
Open stake, sixty-four entries— W. C. Glas-
For/s SleiKhbells vs. A. R. Curtis' Kibosh: T.
Ma her 1 s Lord Goff vs. A. L. Enderson's James
Lick; P. J. Morgan's Faugh a Ballagh vs. E.
Geary's Fenll; E. Geary's Fannie Hughie vs.
E. Geary's Ireland; W. H. Kobinson's Fred
Freedom vs. O. Strahl's Three Cheere; E.
Geary's Ruby Sankey vs. J. Connolly's New
Moon: Chiarini Bros.' White Hat vs. Sterl &
Kpowles' Olita; PI Geary's Minnie Sankey vs.
A. R. Curtis' Fly by Night; G. Sharman's St.
Iv«* vs. P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter; A.
L. Enderson's Royal Joker vs. G. Nethercott's
Hickory Dick; H. Lynch's Merrlmac vs. F. S.
Price's Brutus: D. J. Healey's Evangellne vs.
L. B. Barre's Amede; Pasha Kennels' Royal
Archer vs. L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain;
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist vs. G. Shar
man's Bowery Boy; D. Sllva's Master Rocket
vs. J. McCormack's Black Daisy; M. Nealon's
Achilles vs. L. F. Bartels' Brother Bob; A.
Vanderwhite's Lear Kins vs. M. Nealon's Apa
niemnon; A. R. Curtis' Lorena vs. T. Cox's
Crockett Hill: D-~ J. Healey's Tapioca vs. W.
H. Robinson's Lord Freedom; A. R. Curtis'
Leola vs. W. C. Gla'son's Master Workman:
A. R. Curtis' Candelaria vs. A. R. Curtis' Bed
of Roses; A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad vs. A. R.
Curtis' Lord Beaconsfield; M. Nealon's Aeneas
vs. Star Kennels' Black Head: J. Carroll's
Master Clair vs. G. Sharman's The Doctor: A.
R. Curtis' Vulcan vs. Pasha Kennels* Rocker;
Chiarini Brothers' Lucky Baldwin vs. P.
Doyle's Liberator; F. Jones' Lovina vs. A. R.
Curtis' King Cotton: Star Kennels' Pickpocket
vs. D. J. Healey's Fine Form: Sterl & Knowles'
Rusty Geld vs. J. D. Cardinall'g Union Jack;
G. Nethercott's Red Rock vs. Star Kenn£7s*
Fcntenoy; D. J. Healey's Alisto vs. H. H.
.Gray's Rona; G. Knight's- Shadow vs. J. Car
roll's Auckland.
Twenty-four dog special stake — Pasha Ken
nels' Rural Artist vs. D. J. Healey's Tiburon;
G. Xethercott's Floodgate vs. A. Vanderwhlte s
Flora McDonald: A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox vs.
A. R. Curtis' Charta; Pasha Kennels' Roman
Athlete vs.. A. R. Curtis' Narcissus; G. Shar
rcan's X.lttle- Sister vs. E. Geary's America:
G. Sharman'a Warship vs. A. R. Curtis' An
chor; G. Graham's Tyrone Prince vs. G. Shar
man's Sir Pasha: Star Kennels' Game Boy vs.
T. J. Cronln's Vandal: F. Jones' Wedge wood
vs. O. Z&hl's Homer Boy; Chlarini Bros.' Dew
drop vs. H Lynch's A. J. Martin; Yosemite
Kennels' Mose vs. G. Nethercott's- Freda C;
Star Kennels' Herschel's Pride vs. Sterl &
Knovrles" Freezeout.
A. R. Curtis, the young coursing man
Irom San Jose, whose greyhounds, Beacon
fcad Rector, finished first and second in
\u2666he John Grace Cup stake, is strongly rep
resented at Union Park this week. By an
unusual coincidence four of his dogs are
drawn together. The complete draw fol
lows:
Will Send Many Past Grey
hounds to the Slips at
Union Park. .
]?he San Jose Coursing
Man Is Represented
Strongly.
CURTIS' KENNEL
OUT IN FORCE
QUEENSTOWN, Oct. 30.— Sir Thomas
Upton, who arrived here to-day on board
the White Star steamer Celtic from New
York, says the_ report that the Sham
rock II was for sale in New York was
quite untrue, as he Intends racing her
again in American waters next season.
He reiterated his purpose to again chal
lenge for the America's cup, and ex
pressed himself as being quite satisfied
with the manner In which the Sham
rock II had been sailed. Sir Thomas de
nied the report of disagreements with
those who were on board the yacht, say
ing that at no time were his relations
with those In charge of her in any way
strained. >'•»';
Idpton's Yacht "Will Race Again.
BERKELEY. Oct. 30.— The Associated
Women Students' reception to-night to
the football men In Hearst Hall was one
of the largest social function^of the year.
The guests were almost entirely from tho
student body, and they, with the football
men, crowded the upper hall. In the
lower rooms refreshments were served.
John Eshleman introduced J. W. S. But
ler and Dr. K. C. Babcock. who made
short humorous speeches. The choral so
ciety and the banjo club rendered several
selections, and at the close of the recep
tion an informal dance was held.
The main hall was decorated with an
immense football, Hanging from the cen
ter of the room, with festoons of blue and
gold bunting extending from it to the
sides and ends of the room. { ...\u25a0:•
Reception to Football Men.
. BERKELEY, Oct. 30.— The rooters of
the University of California are prepar
ing for a series of football rallies to take
place between now and the big game on
November S. The last and most import
ant will be held on the evening before
the game in Harmon gymnasium. It will
be in the nature of a smoker and will be
\u2666or men students only. Several /promi
nent members of the alumni will speak,
among them John R. Glascock, W. R.
Davis and Frank Powers. On Friday af
ternoon and on the afternoon of Novem
ber 2 rallies will be held on the bleachers.
On November 6 an ax rally will take
place. The famous ax. which was taken
from the Stanford rooters by Berkeley
students two years ago, will be brought
out by Football Captain Womble. the
present custodian. ' \u25a0 ,
Hooters Plan Many Rallies. *
Captain Forsee and M. McSherry of the
Pinkerton detective agency dropped in
from Chicago yesterday morning. Both
are noted for the efficiency of their work
on race courses and are general favorites
with turfmen.
F. Laudermaan, a well-known veteran
bookmaker, will be here in time to cut in
on Saturday.
, Sam Shaen. who has been connected
with the field books at the local tracks
for several years, has returned from Chi
cago, where he has been booking this
summer for George Rose. He has had a
successful season and will be seen at the
Oakland track on opening day.
Arth/ur McKnight, the competent assist
ant starter of Jake Holtman. arrived
from Chicago last night. Holtman. is due
here to-night.
Recent Turf Arrivals.
The Olympic Club team will go to
Honolulu for a Christmas game with the
Oahu College eleven. C. G. Bailey, a
University of California alumnus, who la
athletic instructor in the college, haa
written to J. Muma, the Olympic Club
football manager, giving him a guaran
tee of all expenses. The Olympic players
will sail some ten days prior to the data
of the game.
The California management received a
telegram yesterday from K. C. Gordon,
the Princeton manager, asking that an
offer of terms for a Christmas game be
made. Manager Decoto will wire an offer
of half the net receipts, with a guarantee
of expenses, contingent upon California" 9
success in the game with Stanford. The
cost of bringing the Princeton team out
would be about $5000, but as this would
be the first appearance on the coast of
cne of the "Big Four" teams it is be
lieved there would be no danger, of finan
cial loss to the university guaranteeing
expenses to the visiting team.
The offer comes to California through
the Influence of "King" Kelly, Califor
nia's old coach, who is head football
coach for hl3 alma mater this year. It
is the first time that the manager of one
of the "Big Four" has asked for a defin
ite offer of terms.
A definite proposal has come from
Princeton for a Christmas game in San
Francisco with the University of Cali
fornia team. The Berkeley men are will
ing provided they win In the big game
November 9 with Stanford. If they lose
it . Is probable a game between Stanford
=jid Princetpn will be arranged.
Olympic Club Team Will
Go to Honolulu to Play
Oahu College. V:\
Prospects Good for
Great Football Game
Christmas.
PRINCETON MEN
MAY COME WEST
Mini was thrown back 2 yards by-Hun
ter. Overall punted poorly for a 20-yard
gain. Graham punted 25. yards. Califor
nia's ball on .the 38-yard line.- Two'dqwns
netted but 2 yards, and Overall punted
for 40 yards to the 80-yard' line. .\u25a0 Nevada
fumbled ' on the second . down and * was
forced . to punt. . Mini ran . the ball • in ; 25
yards to the 80-yard 1 line.'. Then Califor
nia fumbled and I Nevada 1 got the \ ball.
Graham punted 40 -yards , and Riordan
downed More, in his tracks, 2 yards'from
the center, of the field. 7 v /. :
Hudson funibled .'and .Nevada got' the
ball. ..ASbuck ;for; 2 yards,' a i loss •* of ' 2
yards : by'3CedcUe and a misunderstood sig
nal gave '- Calif ornia the . ball >\u25a0 on downs.
Then Womble made a 20-yard, run around
end. Mini tried the other' end,- but-failed
to- eain..., A , second-; down; netted i\{ yard.
\u25a0i Whipple fumbled the 'first pass and a
Nevada man fell on the ball on the. 50-,
yard line. Then Graham fumbled the first
pass and , California got the . ball. ;[ Mini,
Whipple and Overall made gains aggre- ,
gating 10. yards, and then .the ball was
lost on a fumble" again. Nevada carried
the ball; 32 yards to the 72-yard line on
bucks by Graham, . Keddie, Smith, Dripps
and Riordan, and' then lost the ball on
downs.' , . -,''\u25a0 r _ - . '>.- .->\u25a0;\u25a0 T
,^ At.- the '. beginning of play, in \ the first
half Stowe kicked off for California 45
yards and Graham ran the ball in five
yards. Nevada at once began. hammering
the tackles for three and four yard, gains,
varying this by an occasional try at- end,
Keddie once going around Womble for a
four-yard gain. After advancing the ball
30 yards without a pause Nevada lost the
pigskin on downs, Riordan failing to make
the distance through Braler at tackle.
Fumbles Are Numerous./.
for an off-side play by Nevada, several
bucks on tackle for short gains and an
end run of twenty-three yards by Womble
placed the ball two yards from the
goal line. Mini gained a yard by a criss
cross on" tackle and then went over for a
touchdown on a straight buck against
tackle. ; Overall again kicked the goal,
making the score 12 to 0.- .
Johnny 1 More, playing fullback, did bril
liant'work in running in Nevada's punts.
One 33-yard gain, another of 34 yards and
several of 10 yards made in the total an
important factor in California's came. The
Nevada.ends got down the field well, driv
ing "More In, but the other linemen failed
\u25a0tp-.be there to do the tackling and More
'was allowed to get under headway behind
good ; interference \ for long runs up \u25a0 the
center of the field. : ;
: . The first touchdown was made two and
a half minutes after the whistle blew for
play in the second half by Whipple after
a. magnificent run of 59 yards behind' the
interference of Albertson. and Overall. It
was the • first consolation \ the California
partisans had had, but it was sufficient. to
bring them '- all to their feet for : several
minutes of wild cheering. Overall • kicked
the goal without difficulty. Late In 'the
half California advanced the ball to .with
in half a yard of goal, and on the next
down Whipple : carried the •. pigskin . over
the line, but a touchdown was- not. al
lowed and the ball was taken back ten
yards, : both . Overall and Stroud having
been. oft side. .From the H)-yard line;Over
all tried" a. place: kick,' for field goal, but
big Caesius . Smith ." got A through and
blocked the ball. " •
\u25a0 v A good' run-in of ten yards by More'of
£ punt to the center of the field, ten "yards
Whipple Makes a' Great Bun.
There were good reasons for . Nevadats
joy. To begin with, in the first half the
visitors fairly outplayed \u25a0\u25a0 the.) California
team. They had the ball • much "of the'
time and were able to gain many yards
by line bucks and end plays,' and Call-,
fornia found their line almost- Invincible
and could not run their ends because their'
tackles got through and spoiled'^ the plays.'
Only in the second half, when 'they be
came worn down by their hard; aggressive
work,- was California able, by spectacular
end-running, to score. / - •./";\u25a0'•. .
. By comparison with last* year's game^
the' Nevada men feel that they.' have. every'
reason to be proud of their achievement.
In that game California defeated them 32
"to 0, and in the entire contest Nevada was
able to advance the ball but thirteen yards
on line bucks . and end runs.-/. The team
haa made a' great jump to. the front and;
can make it, interesting for the 'best of the
coast elevens. "\ ' \. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:.
•;',The game, like most of the contests this
year, was full of spectacular plays. Cali
fornia's* victory was | due to sensational
en* running by Whipple, Womble and
.Mini, good punting by Overall and bril
liant running in of punts by Johnny More,
who played at fullback In Duden's place.
NEVADA'S game and shifty foot
ball players went down In defeat
yesterday on the Berkeley cam
pus before -California's Btalwart
eleven. Two touchdowns and two
goals were scored against them— 12 points
to 0 for Nevada — but the game was not
without glory for the visitors,: and players
and the little contingent of loyal support
ers left the field happy though defeated. : .
Visitors Display Surprising Strength, but in the Second Half the Home
team Scores Twice by Brilliant Runs afnd Clever Team Work.
Indicted; as the Leader
V of a Big Ring of
Boodlers.
In the Judicial proceedings which cul
minated recently in the indictment of
Customs Collector Hoey of the port of
Nogales by the United States Grand Jury
at Tucson, Ariz., David D. Jones, official
interpreter of Chinese for United States
District Attorney Marshall B. Wood worth,
acted a prominent part. He was detailed
by request of the United States Attorney
General at Washington to proceed to Tuc
son and assist the officers of the Govern
ment as interpreter for the Chinese wit
nesses and in translating Chinese letters,
etc., produced before the Grand Jury.
For more than a year past Chinese have
been landed at Guaymas, Mexico, then
taken overland and passed across the line
at Nogales into the United States. This
was in pursuance of a conspiracy, at the
head of which was the Collector of Cus
toms, and the members of . which* were
receiving large sums for landing Chinese
from Mexico. The ring was exposed by a
line rider named Webb. Webb was a cus
toms inspector, detailed by Collector Hoey
to guard a- portion of the frontier by pa
trolling it on i horseback. He. thought !t
strange that, he was never able to catch
any. Chinese crossing the line and that
certain points were kept out of his itin
erary.. So one day he disobeyed orders
and rode in a direction-opposite to that
which he had been ordered to take. He
bagged seventeen Chinese attempting to
get Into the United' States. Then the
matter was taken up by the United States
authorities. Secret Service Agent Dickie
and United States -District Attorney Mc-
Lamore of Texas were detailed to uproot
the ring, which they succeeded in doing
admirably. One of the chief conspirators
and boodlera, Chinese Inspector Josey
blew out his brains when confronted with
the evidences of his guilt. He had been
a church leader and posed as a very re
ligious man.
Dates for! I»os Angeles Fiesta. *
LOS ANGELES, Oct. ,30.— The fiesta
committee met and '. decided, after some
discussion, to name May 7, 8 and 9 as the
official days for the fiesta celebration. In
cluding , the flower, parade 'and other
features.' - • - ' -."- .... ... .
when time was: called, with the ball on
California's 70-yard line. , .
"In the second half, Keddie kicked- oft
for 45 yards, More running it In 20 yards.
After two line 'bucks and an exchange of
punts, California had the ball, 3 yards
from the center in California's territory.
Mini lost a : yard. Then it was that Whip
pie's great run with the equally great
Interference of Overall and Albertson won
California's first touchdown.- For the re
mainder of the game, California's better
condition, shiftier playing, better punting
and runnlng-in of punts, and better in
terference on end runs, made - its play
clearly superior. Except for. an occasional
lapse, the Nevada line was strong, fully
equal to California's. >.'
\u25a0<- Just at the end of the half Sherman
went in at half in Mini's place, and he
was given the ball In hope that he might
skirt the end for a touchdown. Big Rior
dan, however, was through the line after
him and caught him back of the line for a
loss. The game ended with the ball in
California's possession in the -center of
the field.
Captain Leadbetter Injured.
"Cleve" Leadbetter, Nevada's plucky
captain, had a rib fractured late in the
second half, • before California's second
touchdown. . It is feared he will not be
able to play in the game Saturday with
Stanford on the Stanford campus.
- After the game Nevada's coach, A. C.
\u25a0fiteckle, Michigan's famous right tackle
of '98 and '99, captain of the team in the
latter year, and • assigned to a place in
the "All-America team" of '98,. expressed
himself as well pleased with the showing
made by his team, considering that it
represents a student body of but 125 men.
He ' complained •; that California's runners
held:to; the ; beltsof men In the interfer
ence, In . violation of the rules, and also
that the time-keepers," both- California
men, lengthened out the second: half to
give California a chance to score a third
The line-up was as follows: \u25a0•
• California. \u25a0 ' Position. Nevada.
Starr............ ..L.—E.—R.. ......... Kearny
Albertson ..L.— T.— R Riordan
Btowe, Stroud L.. — G. — R;.........C. - Smith
Gehdotti. . .~. . .." — .. ..Center. Hunter
Overall. .............. .R.~— G.— L. ...:.... Lawrence
Braley, Hansen ..R.—T.—L.. .......... Dripps
Womble,..; :......R.— E.— L. :.......;. 'Wright
Hudson .' Quarter C. " Leadbet ter
Mini, Sherman .L.— H.— R.. . . .'. ...... Keddie
WhI pple .:..;. f. ....... R.— H.— L. . . Smith, Stewart
More. ..;;....";... ".......Fullback.:. :......-. Graham
-- Everett '. Brown, California, was '\u25a0 referee,
and G.'iC. Collins." Nevada,-- was {umpire. *
CALIFORNIA DEFEATS NEVADA'S PLUCKY FOOTBALL
TEAM M A SNAPPY GAME ON THE BERKELEY CAMPUS
COLLECTOR HOLT
nrrnqc TUr PUR
DtrUnt Int DHn
The Edison Company will take klneto-
Bcope pictures .of the big flght. It was
shown to the satisfaction of the boxers'
representatives that the light would not
be produced with great heat and that the
boxers would not be inconvenienced by it.
With this understanding all - objections
were withdrawn. A permanent record of
the fight is thus assured.
Pictures Will Be Taken.
Ruhlin fought Joe Goddard six rounds
to no decision ' in- Philadelphia and
Given', a second chance, Gus has never
failed to put away an antagonist who beat
him the first time. There Is something
behind this peculiar performance of Ruh
lin. It may be that going Into the ring
with a precise knowel'dge of how hard
the other fellow can punch and how fast
a pace he , can cut out helps the Akron
fighter. Certain it is, however, in- Ruh
lin's case, that defeat teaches him the
road to future victory." ! Whether or not
this will prove true in his coming mill
with -Jeffries -remains to be seen. Ruhlin
lost to Yank Kenny some years ago at
North . Baltimore in sixteen rounds. He
was not 'entirely, out, but was beaten so
badly that the police stopped the "fight.
He met Kenny In Hartford some time
after and 'took him into camp In six
rounds.
If Champion*' Jim^ Jeffries "defeats Gus
Ruhlin he will have* broken "a" peculiar prei
cedent which has been noted all through
the big Akron fighting man's record.
Akron Giant Furnishes What He Conl
.;:>\u25a0'. sidersTa Good Reason- - \u25a0
to wear in his make-up when he fought
Ruhlin. Jeff is not at all superstitious,
but to please his friend has worn the
button in all his fights, with the result
that it has^proved a, talisman.
This button Jeffries said was an ordi
nary coin affair with "8. T.", Thall's in
itials, on it. This he said stood for "sure
thing.". The champion told how It was
worn by/ Corbett when he fought Sulli
van and won the championship and later
worn by. Jim when he defeated Mitchell.
Thall,. he said, could not hand it to Jim
when "he fought FItzsimmons at Carson'
and the" Hayes Valley" boxer was defeat
ed. Jeff | said he \u25a0 wore the 'button in ! his
belt the nights '; he i defeated .! Sharkey,
"Fitzslmmons, - Corbeitvand.iWquld'r please
Thall ;by, wearing; It , when She met ; Ruh
lin. Jeff said he would win whether he
had the button or not, as he would enter
the arena in --the : best of condition •,- and
ready to put up the fight of his life.' ;
strained Muscle Heals Rapidly.
Jeff has not boxed for the past three
days as he strained a muscle of his right
arm' .upon. Bob Armstrong's .hard head.
The soreness has disappeared and he will
probably take up the gloves to-morrow.
He means to make his opponents work
faster a*nd will keep them on the jump
from now until a few days before the
fight."- "::\u25a0'':. -"'":-'' : <Y : "/. .:•'•.''.; ;\u25a0\u25a0/\u25a0..\u25a0•• -•::::' .
Jeffries learned to-day, that his oppo
nent had Injured li Is ' hand. He said he
hoped the Injury was a slight one, as he
does not want to disappoint the public.
He is taking great care of himself. He
had a' slight accident a " few days ago.
While boxing with his. brother Jack he
was butted in the mouth and his lip
swelled considerably. The swelling.is re-
HARBIN SPRINGS, Oct. 30.— From
this time forward Jeffries will
cut out heavy road-work and de
vote his time to. attaining .speed.
He will no longer punch. 'the
bag for. hours nor do other feats of
endurance, but will save his strength for
the night of battle. In future he will bcx
faster, take shorter sprints and <ft> other
work that will make him faster on his
feet and with his hands. He inaugurated
this system yesterday and as. a result he
was not fatigued at the close of his day's
work. The way he moved around the
gymnasium reminded one of Corbett or
some equally fast boxer. He started in
his day'B training. at 10 o'clock. For ten
minutes he rowed at the rate of thirty
strokes a minute, after which he donnec'
small cloves and had a seance the
bag. .The rat-a-tat sounded like distant
thunder. He .worked fast and perspired
freely. As a fitting 'finish: to this popu
lar form of exercise lie .rained heavy
left and right swings on the inflated rub
ber. Onlookers thought he would- burst
the bag with his tremendous blows, but
it withstood the walloping. After a few
minutes' rest Jeff skipped the rope.; He
pirouetted around ' the* gymnasium and
danced jigs, seldom interfering with the
whirling rope. He reeled off' 11S0 skips
without turning a hair and when he fin
ished informed his trainers that he was
perfectly satisfied with the condition of
his wind. He breathed freely and with
out effort. ';.; '• '"" \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0.• i' \u25a0
He then had brother Jack toss the medi
cine ..' ball • with him. This immense
spheroid weighs about twenty pounds
and when the champion hurls it the ball
cuts through space like a cannon-ball.
\u25a0Young Jeffries' is no child in strength.
He weighs.' ISO pounds ' and like his
elder brother has strength and endur
ance i but he could hardly stop the ball
sent him by Jim. Jack would brace him
self and stiffen his body, but the force
would send, him back a trifle each time.
This work was continued for some time
and the champion stopped when he saw
that Jack was losing, buttons and felt
weary. The work Jeffries did up to
this time would -have tired '.an
ordinary man. but as Jim is out
of -the ordinary,* he picked up light
dumbbells and side-stepped and danced
around the gymnasium fighting -an
imaginary opponent. Once in a while
he would follow a feint with a swing
which would have annihilated an antag
onist if it had landed upon him. A brisk
rub down and then luncheon concluded
half a day's work. ' \ : ;\u25a0,'•'"• .• '
: Jeffries Is Tireless. \u25a0
Jeffries ha.3 not used alcoholic , sub
stances in rubbing down. He believes in
being briskly rubbed with coarse towels
until his skin is pink and then stepping
under a cold shower. This sends the blood
tingling through his body and makes him
o •:-i"i"i"i":-i- i-i-i "i-i-i- i-i-i-i-i- i-i-i-i-i- o
AMERICANS WIN
AT NEWMARKET
Whitney's Watershed a
Surprise in the Cam
bridgeshire.
LONDON; Oct. 30.— There was a big at
tendance at the second day's racing of the
Newmarket Houghton meeting to witness
the contest for the Cambridgeshire
Stakes, the principal event of the meet
ing. The result was a tremendous upset
for the betting men. W. C. Whitney's
Watershed, the winner of the' race, rid
den by Johnnie Reiff , was considered to
be a rank outsider and started at 25 to 1
against Lord Wolverton's Osboch, which
was second a* the finish, was the favorite
at 100 to 14 against. The betting on C. W.
Wood's Lascaris, third horse, was 10 to 1
against, Codoman, ridden by Maher was
greatly fancied in France, but did not
flatter his supporters. M. Ephrussi,
Codoman's owner*, is said to have backed
the horse to win $40,000." \u25a0 . • • \u25a0• ;
Watershed won by a neck after an.ex
citing finish, v The American horse re
mained in the rear until the. bushes were
passed, when he took up the running, fol
lowed by Lascaris and Osboch. The lat
ter drew up inch by inch, but little Reiff
drove his mount in great style and landed
him first. Three-quarters of - a length
separated the second and j third horses.
Twenty-three horses ran. The distance
was one mile and 237 yards. • ...
-Mr. Whitney's Spectrum : and J. R.
Keene's Chacornac were the only starters
in the subscription stakes, distance one
mile. Spectrum, ridden by J. Reiff," won.
Pax '(Maher) won the Wednesday wel
ter handicap, distance one mile !and a
half. . .:. ;v4:-: . ..,
.L.C. Dyer's Lady . McDonald (Jenkins)
won the New Jersey Plate, "distance five
furlongs.
' The American won five of the seven
races. . ..""
Eocber Will Wrestle .the Turk.
NEW YORK, Oct. SO.-Ernest . Roeber
to-day accepted Jlehemet Neohad's chal
lenge for a wrestling match. Roeber will
meet the new Turk for, $250 a side,", best
two in three falls '' at \u25a0Graeco-Roman
wrestling. The only condition he imposes
is .three weeks' in which to .train. -
WHY E.TJHIilN' SHOTTLD WTN".
duced and he Is experiencing no bother
from it. Last night after finishing a
fifteen-mile* run he felt as frisky as a
young colt. Instead of retiring early he
sat on the piazza of the hotel laughJng
over his experiences as a boiler-maker,
which he narrated to a crowd of Inter
ested listeners. He could hardly sit still.
Every ten minutes he would sprint up
and down the. stretch of road In front of
the hostelry and romp with Ahe^ dogs that
always crowd around him. (P.
Jeff received two " letters to-day that
made him feel happy. One was from his
lawyer, who announced that he had com
promised 1 an oil case in which the big fel
low was Interested, and Jeff's bank ac
count would soon be enlarged. . The other
letter was from Sam Thall, ' the well
known theatrical manager and director of
the Alcawir Theater, San Francisco. Sam
informed Jeff + liat he would loan him his
mascot when lie came \u25a0 to the city. Jeff
Instantly, understood this to mean that
Thall would hand him a silver cuff-button
feel fresh and ceady for more work.
In the afternoon he played ball with the
ladies and guests of the! hotel. He en
tered Into the game with full spirit and
enjoyed the sport.. The ball was a mushy
affair used for playing Indoors, but when
the champion swung his bat on It, it
sailed far out of reach. .'.''...• :: .'
It was thought by this time Jeff had
finished his day's work,' and Brother Jack
and Bob Armstrong counted upon spend
ing the balance of the day loll
ing around the hotel, but : Jeff
disappointed them by announcing .that
he intended taking a .fifteen-mile
jaunt over. -.the! mountains. He In
vited various people to accompany him,
but as he set a terrific pace his Invitation
was declined. Jeff then donned j heavy
clothes and started out by himself. He
returned in three hours covered with per
spiration and delighted with his long run.
He ate a hearty supper and retired early.
It is early to bed and early to rise at the
training quartsrs. The day is a busy one
for everybody. What with practical jokes
and excitement, the time passes " quickly
and no one has a desire to return to the
city, i." "\u25a0 t .;\u25a0'•;\u25a0; •:\u25a0/.•;; '\u25a0£:\u25a0•:,;.
: A Tajisman for the Ring. V
PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDY OF CHAMPION JEFFtflES, -SHOWING THE GREAT BULK OF THE BOXER AND THE
ARMAMENT WITH WHICH HE HAS PLATED HAVOC WITH THE ASPIRATIONS OF ALL THE HEAVY
WEIGHTS WHO HAVE APPEARED DURING THE LAST TEN YEARS.
These are busy days down at Ruhlln's
training quarters at -the Slx-mlle House.
It has been a long while since Blanken's
"gym" apparatus has been used so
roughly, for Gus Is a terror on everything
In the training quarters from the boxing
gloves to the nails In the floor. When he
works he goes at it with a snap and vim
that fairly shakes the building. Ruhlin
has reconsidered his vow not to 'put on
the gloves again before the big fight. Next
Saturday night Gus will Journey down to
Redwood City, where he .jwill - box four
friendly rounds with Joe McAuliffe, who
is opening a gymnasium and boxing school
there. Joe has been having a hard trial
oi u it for some years back. His old man
ager, Billy Madden, remembered the time
when "My b'ye Joe" was a money getter
In . the. prize ring and when he heard Joe
was ..going . to try to better himself In
Redwood City he , volunteered Ruhlin's
services. This will be the last time Ruh
lin will put on^a glove until he steps into
the ring with Jeffries. ;. -. V \u25a0'-\u25a0
,; Ruhlin may- be said to be taking things
practically easy as far as outdoor work is
concerned. A daily spin from his quarters
down to the Sierra Point House and back
constitutes all his road work. After his
rubdown Ruhlin lounges around the ver
anda with Denver Ed Martin and Charlie
Goff until dinner time. In the afternoon
he works out in the gymnasium. Ruhlin
set an unusually fast clip there j yester
day. He punched the bag with terriffc
power and speed for ten round3 and then
mauled "Denver Ed" all over the wrest
ling mat for five or ten minutes. It was
one of the few fast spurts Ruhlin will
indulge in from now until the time of the
flf ht. He weighs 200 pounds even, which
Is about six or seven pounds more than
he weighed when he knocked out Sharkey.
better next time."
knocked him out subsequently before the
Lenox Athletic Club In New York In five
rounds. Sharkey knocked Qua out before
the Coney Island Club In one round and
In the same ring two years later Ruhlin
beat Sharkey and knocked him out In fif
teen rounds. This performance only left
one clean knockout j against Ruhlin that
has not been wiped out and this blot on
Ruhlln's flstlc escutcheon was placed
there by "Lanky Bob" Fitzslmmons, who
has not as yet given Gus a- chance to "do
10
, \u25a0 "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0WIIHHIHH W
! v From
I Portland, Maine
i to '
I Portland, Oregon
i Hunter
Baltimore
g| The Firs t Sought
:|3 The first Bought
i , CHRwrr&wisE comnssio* co, im,William E. . Maguire. colored, was ar
rested last night and charged with an
assault with intent to commit murder.
.Maguire is accused of stabbing and
sHghtly wounding E. W. Rosemond during
a quarrel in a lodging-house at 550 Mis
sion street. Maguire was bickering with
the landlady when Rosemond interfered
and was cut. .
Peacemaker Is Slightly "Wounded.
Arthur Spear is going to auction off the
posjers, done by Mrs. Susan Loosely and
Miss Lilly Tautphaus,. and those fine
bromide pictures of pretty nurses. The
boxes and seats will be filled with hand
somely gowned women, a bevy of beauti
ful girls will form the reception commit
tee and another bevy of uniformed nurse3
will act as honorary ushers, dispensing
also the handsome souvenir programmes,
which have been carefully prepared.
There should be, as a result, a hand
some fund for the much-needed reception
and assembly room for the nurses of the
hospital. " :
from Shakespeare . and .the second act of
"Tennessee's Pardner" from the Alcazar
it is safe to say that.no such combination
of attractions has been presented In San
Francisco in many a long day.
COPENHAGEN, Oct. 3O.-That ener
getic woman and money-maker, th,e
Princess. Waldemar,- of Denmark (for
merly .Princess Marie of Orleans, eldest
daughter of Duke Charles) • is now
starting in business as a real estate
speculator, having- sold a plat of ground
adjoining . Copenhagen, and- having ob
tained sanction to divide it into lots to
be sold to aristocratic persons. The
Princess is alio interesting herself in
plans for the benefit of the Danish West
Indies. She has secured valuable conces
sions in connection with the Danish Gov
ernment. " -
An Energetic Princess.
MADRID. Oct. 30.— The Minister of the
Interior, Senor Moret, proposes to regu
late strikes by legislation, and to that end
has introduced a bill in the Cortes legaliz
ing- ordinary strikes if from four to fif
teen days' notice Is given to the authori
ties. Strikes stopping the works -of an
entire town or tending- to produce a lack
of the necessaries of life will be illegal,
and the leaders In such strikes will be
punished by imprisonment. Similar con
ditions will govern the employes' coali
tions. Concessions for public works will
hereafter stipulate that contracts must
be made with, the concessionare's work
men setting forth the hours of labor and
wages. . Disputes will bo referred to tho
authorities and to arbitrators.
Minister of the Interior Experiment
ing With a System to Prevent
Disorder.
STRIKES IN SPAIN
i "WILL BE LEGALIZED
General Foure-Blguet, the Military Gov
ernor of Paris, surrounded by a brilliant
staff, reviewed the men and afterward
made a patriotic address. Three grizzled
veterans then advanced and took posses
sion of the flags, .which they reverently
held when the troops marched past, salut
ing them. The. flags were ; then placed
among the military relics in the Hotel des
Invalides. . -
PARIS, Oct. 30.— There was a pic
turesque ceremony in the grand courtyard
of the Hotel des Invalides to-day, consist
ing in tfee handing over of the flags of the
regiments which formed the French ex
pedition to China and the colonial regi
ment which took part In the Madagascar
campaign. A company of Zouaves, in' gay
Turkish costume, and companies of other
line regiments were drawn up in the
courtyard. Facing them were massed the
veterans In quarters at the Hotel des In
valides.
BATTLE FLAGS BECOME *
*;} NATIONAL TREASURES
Interesting Ceremony in the Presence
of Veterans at the Hotel des
Invalides.
The evening papers print a plain state
ment from the .police to the effect that
Herrings' expulsion was ordered July 25,
to take place. within fourteen days after
that \ date. he appealed for a pro
longation of the time, alleging that he re
quired medical treatment, and -the. police
therefore suspended the order \u25a0 expelling
him from Prussia i until Octobr 17. : when
the.. order was.* renewed,, with fourteen
days' grace. The police lay emphasis on
the fact that since then Herrings has not
petitioned for a prolongation of the period
\u25a0of' the- order of : expulsion. ' The Tagelitt
interprets this remark aa meaning that
the police would not reject such a peti
tion.. : -• •. r .- ..
•\u25a0The .Vossiche \u25a0 Zeltung says that Her
rings' case is not an exceptional one. since
the- Prussian Government treats alike all
returning emigrants who have failed to
serve in the army by emigrating as minors
and then returning after acquiring a for
eign" nationality to take up a permanent
residence in Prussia. Some of the papers
comment on Herrings' expulsion as being
harsh, but the majority record the fact
without commenting on it. It Is ascer
tained that Herrings has left Berlin for
Vienna. .
BERLIN, Oct. 30.— Joseph Herrings, the
well-known German- American war corre
spondent, who was present at 'the battle
of the Yalu, has been expelled from Prus
sia, the ground alleged, being evasion of
military service a number of years ago.
Referring to the expulsion of Herrings,
an official of the Foreign Office said to
day that the \ order for his expulsion
would undoubtedly be revoked as soon aa
Herrings takes the steps which he neg
lected to take.
Evasion of Military Service
Declared to Be the j
1 Cause.
Prominent War Corre
spondent Ordered to
Depart.
MUST LEAVE
KAISER'S REALM
MESSINA.. Oct. 30.— The flooding of the
mountain streams has caused N widespread
damage here. Eleven lives are known to
have been- lost/jj|l£0|
Lives Lost in Great Floods.
LONDON, Oct. 80.— Charles Yerkes has
purchased Turner's celebrated- -painting
"Rockets i and Bluelighta," at the record
Drice of £15,750. . . , '
Record Price for a. Painting.
"- LEIPSIC, Oct. 30.— Herr Schoenlank, a
well-known Socialist member of-' the
Reichstag, died here to-day.'-
Herr Schoenlank.
EL PASO. Texas. Oct. 30.— Snow fell for
over an hour in El Paso and vicinity this
afternoon, and was followed by heavy
rain. It is the earliest snowstorm on rec
ord here. The weather, is becoming cold.
Snow Falls in Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Oct. 20.-A dispatch
from Monterey, Mexico, says that the
house of Arcadio Santos, a ranchman liv
ing near Linares, was entered by robbers
and Santos and his two children were
murdered, their bodies being cut into sev
eral pieces. A few days ago two other
small children living in the same locality
were found murdered in their homes.
KILL THE CHILDREN - f"7 ; ,
AND CUT THE BODIES
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Oct. 3O.-Sixteen
Bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
church met here to-day in; the biennial
session which will continue for a week.
Among the absentees are Moore in China,
Hartwell in Africa,' Warren in India and
Vincent in Europe. At this conference
the Bishops will be assigned as presiding
officers of the annual conference next
week. Meetings of various auxiliary or
ganizations of the church will be held
during 1 the week. ; v
• Owing to the death of Bishop Nlnde of
Detroit, several may change location, the
selection being In the order of seniority.
The biennial sessions are executive. The
forenoon was occupied in '.receptions,
greetings and opening addresses.
The union of the Methodists, North and
South, will be considered. The prelimin
ary steps looking toward this end have
been taken in, Oklahoma Territory, where
the North and South have united In: build
ing a Methodist College, and this action
will come up before the' Board of Bishops
for ratification,. Bishop McCabe, who pro
poses thirty new Bishops for foreign
fields, says: \u25a0 "
"The holy church has twenty-eight
Bishops In China, We have only one for
all .Eastern China. We have only one
Bishop In South Africa.
Bishop Hurst will propose a general re
vival throughout the country. -\u25a0
CHICAGO, Oct. 3O.r-Seventy-flve fami
lies lost their homes and more than $750,
000 worth of property was "destroyed by
a fire to-ni&ht that started in Peterson
& Co.'s picture frame factory at Union
street and Austin avenue.
Fanned by a strong wind, the flames
got beyond control and spread lo the
small packing establishment of Rciburg
&'Stopp and a long row of residences ad
joining. Two blocks of dwellings skirting
Milwaukee avenue were wiped out before
the fire was subdued. The Peterson fac
tory, which with contents was valued at
5175,000, was destroyed. Most of the re
mainder of the loss was in residences.
It is believed that all persons living In
the burned buildings escaped.
Seventy- Five Chicago
Families Suffer From
a Fire.
The Methodist Episcopal
Church Dignitaries
in Session.
MAY CREATE
MANY BISHOPS
FLAMES RUIN
THEIR HOMES
ing-. Rosner's orchestra, from the Or
pheum, Mme. d'Arville Crellin's fine dra
matic soprano voice, Miss Eaton's violin
Girofia," Paul Friedhofer's 'cello solo; the
great Irish specialty team, Kelly and
Marlowe; Dr. J. Wilson Shiels' reading
SAX AKTOXIO. Tex.. Oct. 30.— News
was received here to-<iay that at Puruan
diro. Hex., October. 2S, a bread -riot oc
curr?d in which twenty persons were
vrounded, many of them fatally. The
cause of the riot is said to have been the
action of speculators in cornering' the
supply of corn.
A corn famine has existed in that sec
tion of Mexico for months and the Gov
ernment recently removed \u25a0 the import
duty on corn from the United States as
a measure of relief. It is said that specu
lators cornered the shipments to Puruan
diro and raised the price 100 per cent. The
starving people, driven to desperation.
a.tta. eked the warehouses, women and
children leading the assault. They were
shot down by the guards. Those who
escaped the bullets fled, appalled at what
had happened- —
The conditions in that section of the
republic south of the City of Mexico are
described as terrible. The Government
has sent troops to the scene.
Scarcity of Coin Resulting 1 Frouti
Schemes of Speculators Causes At
tack on Warehouses..
PAJIISHED MEXICANS
WOUNDED IN A EIOT
"I never did." —
The witness denied that he told Vawter
that he should obey the Xomg. court and
Igrnore the Circuit -Court of Appeals. The
claim that McLalne was employed as a
spy was vigorously denounced.
The inquiry closed at this point and
\u25a0will be renewed this morning:.
"I felt it was my duty to make the report
and I did. The Marshal did some other things
whici I couldn't approve of. He wanted more
deputies and desired to collect money from
lewd w;nmen. After it came out in the newspa
pers his chief deputy. Mercer, returned some of
the money."
"Did Vawter say at any time who wa3 back
of May?"
"No. sir."
"Did you learn at any time who was back
of May?"
This was in contradiction • to Vawter's
testimony. Vawter played on the joke
part of the bribe offer when on the stand,
referring to Colonel May's poverty as
proof enough of the absurdity underlying
the transaction.
\u25a0'Did you make any promise to Vawter about
what your action would be?" inquired Heney.
So, sir."
"How long after that did you make a report
to Washington?"
'•A'aout t*n days." »
\u25a0"Did you learn anything after that to. in
duce you to make the report?"
Heport at Washington.
It was on account of personal enmity. He
Iiad learned that 1 made an ofiicial report to
Washington about his acts. On August « or 8
judge Noj-es sent for me. I went into his of
tice and he informed me that Marshal Vawter
out-red him J:»,(kk) if he would discharge the
iec*ji-er in the Chips vs. Linderberg suit and
had informed me about it as special agent. He
also told the District Attorney. He warned
me ts advise him about it. I saw him next
evening and told him I wanted t6 see Vawter.
and himself to get his side of the question
before making: my report. I suggested that
the conference take place in my room? at the
Jersey Hotel. Judge Noyes and Wood came to
my room. I then went to see Vawter.. He
?ald that he had had a conversation 'with
Judg» Noyes on the $20,009 offer, but he di-i
not think the Judge would take It seriously.
I then asKed Vawter to come to my room and
on the way desired to know from whom he
received the offer. He said Colonel May was
the tro-between, but he refused to confess the
real parties in interest. Wood. Noyes. Vawter
and myself then conferred in my room. Vaw
ter said in presence of all that he meant noth
ing sserious and asked that the matter EhouM
go no further than Nome; that be would re
main fsiiUiful. He said it with tears in hix
eyes and created a great deal of sympathy in
zny mind for him." .. . ... .... ---r
'Was your wife living with you at the fcourt
tcust: wnen Vawter ordered you out?"
••silie was. She was very eick at the time."
-Do you know why otner officers were al
lowec to remain?"
Vawter's Bribe Offer.
about the disposition of the gold dust and
aisclaimed any knowledge of the Lane
xorces.
Continued Froin Page Eight.
RESPOKDEHT FROST GIVES,
THE HAGUE, Oct. 3O.-The report of
the Deutsch Red Cross Society, just pub
lished, deals bitterly with the capture of
the Deutsch ambulance corps near Pre
toria July 5, 1900. It declares the British
knew- before the ambulance left Pretoria
that It carried private letters from Boer
families to men in the field, and that they
did not protest, but allowed the ambulance
to etart. captured It outside the town and
used the letters as a pretext for deporting
the doctors and nurses, who are still In
captivity on the island of Ceylon. The
Ked Cross committee subsequently per
sistently appealed to Lord Kitchener to
redeem his promise to Mrs. Botha and
allow the doctors and medicines to pass
through the British lines for the benefit
of the Boers, but no response was made
to the representations.
LONDON, Oct. 30.— Lord Kitchener, in a
dispatch from Pretoria dated Tuesday,
October 29. says Colonel Bing surprised a
Boer command October 25 and captured
twenty-two prisoners, including Field
Corn ;ts Spanneb«r& and Ohisthuisen.
Colonel Fortescue, the dispatch adds,
had a day-long running fight with Muel
lers Boer command October 27 northward
of BalmoraL He killed four Boers and
captured fifty-four prisoners, thirty-six
wagons and much'stoclc
Ti HE management of the benefit
vaudeville to be given at the Al
hambra 1 Theater this afternoon
for the Nurses* Home at the City
and County Hospital has been
constantly announcing new attractions for
the programme, and this morning acids
another star to the galaxy in the person
of Nicolinl, the great basso, who comes
from the Tivoli by courtesy of Mrs. Krel-
solo, Misa Alyce Gates' sweet soprano, the
charming little dancers, Blanche Trelease
and Arnold Glazer, the great specialty
act of -'Harris and "Wolters from the Or
pheum; those four clever girls, Misses
Lilly Laws, Millie Murray, Lulu Johnson
and Eugenia Breitengross, who form La
Paloma quartet and who will give Span
ish, German and English songs; Miss
Eleanor Jenkins in a scene from "Giroile-
Deutsch Red Cross Society
Protests Against Capture
of Ambulance Corps.
British Troops Still Find
Plenty of Work in .
the Field.
RUNNING FIGHT
WITH THE BOERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31, 19Q1.
Prominent Artists to Appear This Afternoon at the Alhambra^Theater, the
Performance to Be Given for the Purpose of Raising ] Funds ;ThM
Will Be Used for the Comfort of Those Who Minister to:? the- Sick
GALA PROGRAMME TO BE PRESENTED
AT THE BENEFIT FOR NURSES' HOME
NURSES WHO TOOK PROMINENT
PART IN PREPARATIONS FOR
BENEFIT AT THE ALHAMBRA.
11
' "~ ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTION
The following choice and select list of
improved and unimproved properties will
be sold for the heirs of the late William
A. Piper, at our salesroom. Monday. No-
vember 11th, 1901, at 12 o'clock noon.
Subject to confirmation by the Superior
Court. Gustave H. "Umbsen, Sole Referee.
I 212 WASHINGTON STREET.
Between Front and Davis streets. Im-
provements consist of frame building.
Rent $60 per month. Lot 22x120 to Oregon
street.
712-714-716 KEARNY STREET,
Southeast corner of Merchant street.
Improvements consist of a substantial
three-story and basement brick building.
containing two stores and lodging-house.
Rents 5300 per month. Lot 40x68:9.
—
624 MARKET STREET,
Between Montgomery and Kearny. Im-
provements consist of a two-story and
basement brick building. Rent $375 per
month. Lot 20x80.
1450-1 452-1 454-1 456 AND 1458
FRANKLIN STREET,
Southeast corner of Bush. Thi3 choice
investment consists of two corners with
five elegant two-story and basement
houses of 14 rooms and bath each. Rents
$315 per month. Lot. 120x114:6.
WLSO
Two desirable* building lots 23x120 each.
Fronting on Bush street and Fern avenue.
237-239-241-243 AND 245
THIRD STREET,
Northeast corner or Clementina street,
between Howard and Folsom streets. Im-
provements consist of frame building, con-
taining six stores. Rents $121 per month.
Lot 80x105.
1451-1453-1455-U57AND 1459
FRANKLIN STREET,
Southwest corner of Bush street. Choice
investment, consisting of two corners,
with five elegant two-story and basement
residences of 14 rooms and bath each.
Rents $350 per month. Lot 120x144:9.
1212 TO 1226 POLK STREET,
Southeast corner of Bush street. This
choice business property consists of two
corners and is close to the transfer point
of Sutter and Polk streets. Imprqve-
ments consist of 8 stores and 3 flats with
frame building. No. 1325 Bush street.
Rents $331 per month. Lot 120x100. 1-ree
frontaees.
219 FRONT STREET,
Between California and Sacramento
streets. Improvements consist of a two-
story and basement brick building. Bents
$140 per month. Lot 25x87:6.
225 AND 227 THIRD STREET,
Southeast corner of Tehama street.
j Choice business corner. Consists of frame
improvements, containing store and flat
above. Rent $60 per month. Lot 30xS0.
NORTHEAST CORNER SUTTER
AND GOUGH STREETS.
i This choice corner would pay hand-
somely if properly improved. Lot 70x120.
MCALLISTER STREET,
Near junction of Market and Jones
streets. This choice business property
could be made to yield handsomely if .
properly Improved. Lot Irreg-
ular. . ' !'--' | ' - c \u25a0-'
CITY HALL AVENUE, j
Between Leavenworth and City Hall
Square. Two choice building lots. 25x100
each.
BUSH STREET^SOUTH SIDE, BE-
TWEEN LARKIN AND POLK.
Eight desirable and choice building lots,
23x120 each. Two frontages. , To be offer-
SOUTHWEST CORNER BUSH
V >AND LARKIN STREETS.
Four desirable building lots, consisting of
two corners, 27:6x30 and 33x112:6 each.
GIFT MAP NO. 3.
Elsie street, west line, between Esmeralda
and Virginia streets. Lots 364-366-367 and
368. 25x70 each.
POTRERO.V
Portion of Block 520. Lot 200x200. Three
frontaeesl
Portion of Block 518. Lot 100x150. Two t
frontages.
Portion of Block 513. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages.
Portion of Block 514. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages. -.-.
Portion of Block 441. Lot 100x400. Three
frontaees.
Portion of Blook 466.^ Lot 100x400. Three
frontages.
Portion of BlQck 432. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages.
Portion of Block 473. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages.
Portion of Block 512. . Cot 100x300. Two '
frontages.
For catalogue and further particulars,
apply to >
G. H. UMBSEN & CO;.
| 14 Montgomery St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap in stick form; con-
venience and economy in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap.
Sold all over the -world. _- ; . -
World Famous MarianiqTonic
Most effective, ;_agreeable t and
reliable Tonic Stimulant ; wheri
fatigued, or over-worked.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. V
Positively cured by theso
Little Rills. .
Th=y also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. ; A perfect remedy for. Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in- the Mouth. Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
, Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
THROW TOUR TRUSS AW£?«
jrjL ESTABLISH SO 1891 Fc^foi '
CURED fgffl
CY FIDELITY METHOD. ";;.\u25a0 jSfj&H »
We C«re— Poaltlve— Per- H3§lawi» ssf
manent—and Guarantee &*$£&££' fcl
for Life. We mtaa what in K^Bs^^SW
»ay. We can cure jou. 12,000 I|k*£3SS5|^
cures in last 7 years. We eure in EKSEjlSsa^
60 days without pain - or loss of BgJSflSfia
time-. Successful on men. women HSBBpflSBjl
mi children. -. No cianc« ' for fra9?S«
ncTpay until cured BIB u
Testimonial* ,at our c2icc or ss5a j££3 " 3
references lumished on applies.- Iga van a m
tion. All patients must come to RSI ' tag \u25a0 a
this office for ptafeuional tttea- jgsj KS1 Sj
nDELlTT KTJPrCEE COEB, -jMs {3
i . . '• Stem 4, ZflJ* Ktiray Et. . gm *&
j visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
MUSEUM OF ANfiTGiiY*
, i - CJk i:3aitisi5TSJ.tf..6i*7a.s.r.:i:. k
. Hf The LarKtit Anaiomica) Moseam iu th c \
i * .1ft-. World. Weaknesses or any cmuracteci n
SsSESM disease po«ltl»eljr cured hytlie oiliest T
0 IjCS Sjjl Specialist an the Coast. Est. j6 years. O
A $*3gf! DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN Q
\ I €GSw5 Cor.su!t»tioa free »ort shictly priTate. \
m E I*re H Treatment personally or by letter. A If
¥ i ffajj Positive Cvre in e»ery case undertaken. V
i9 / II ft Write for Hook. PniLOJIOrmr«f A
f r II \\v ntnnlAGK, mailso free. UT
\ Jj /I, Tnluable book for n*a) \
X DWt. 5oni>AI« dp t'O.. 1051 Jfarfcpt St.S. F. ¥
ni?ocer>T
rCnr Bw \u25a0
Used by people of xefinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
I UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF TH&7-.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE^—
London Assurance
Corporation
(INCORPORATED A.D. 172O)
OF LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1300. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to th* In-
> curance Commissioner of the State of Callfor-
nJa, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and Ml of the Polftical Code, condensed as per
: blank furnished by the CommJssktner:
ASSETS.
i Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
; Bonds owned by Company 11,990,973 73
Cash In Company's Office.............. 1,479 04
Cash In Banks 233.419 87
! Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5.SS3 53
Premiums In due. Course of Collec-
tion • MUS7 22
Bills receivable, not maturea, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks. 132 78
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 14.514 St
Total Assets .$2.447.677 CS
LIABILITIES.
1 Losses adjusted and unpaid I33.S01 00
' Losses in process of Adjustment or
! In Suspense - 5t,S0« 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 17,700 CO
'\u25a0 Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- t
• nlng one year or less. $610,793 69;
1 reinsurance SO per. cent 305.334 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year.- *SSO,-
1 $01 IS; reinsurance pro rata. 436,525 85
Gross Premiums on Marine Tisie
Risks. $ •: reinsurance 50
per cent ..." 33,353 13
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual FJre Insurance pol-
icies • 174 80
All other liabilities 98,403 20
Total Liabilities J1.038.6J7 33
INCOME. Z
Net casft actually received ' for Fire
premiums •*• $354,630 95
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums •••-• 348,305 54
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
ail other sources • 72.515 28
Received from all other sources 2.443 29
Total Income .......$1.878,493 04
EXPENDITURES. .,
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $.. •••. losses of pre-
vlous years) ;:"V"V $»w.853 65
Net amount paid for Marine Losses >..v.; r ,,
(including t losses of pre-
vious years) ••--- 193.751 25
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •• J01.7M 17
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
« charges for officers; clerks, etc 83,637 83
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes .....: "44.579 S2
AH other payments and expenditures 62,301 6S
Total Expenditures $1.106.838 90
Losses Incurred during the year $721.343 45
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks /
• written during the
year ":... — ..' $111,834,574 $1,058,347 00
Net amount of Risks ,_.
expired during the
ySr *•-\u25a0-..• 111.064,615 887. MS 13
Net amount In force
December 81. 1900.. 163,096,811 1,431.777 83
•' , Marine Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of 'Risks
written during* the
year ••••• $101,956,751 $640,552 S4
Net amount of Risks . _
expired during, the '
•year 90.828.852 S35.137 54
Net amount' In force . .
December 31. 1900.. y. 6.306.264 35,3-3 u
CHARLES L. CASE. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day. of January. 190L "EMIT. PRENKEI*
. . ; . • • ' •-' ' Notary Public. \u25a0
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
' 22i:sans6me st.,
San Francisco.
GEO. F. GRANT - - Manager.
ME WEEKLY CALL
. S$51 por Year.
ma Are y°. u a weakling? Are you one of those unfortu- B
;|| nate young men who, th/ough ignorance and bad com- \u25a0
'Hpany, have contracted nervous spells, weak back, varico- M
ra cele, gloomy forebodings, loss of courage and ambition, I
H loss of confidence, bashfulness, despondency and weak* |
H ness? Dr. McLaughiin's Electric Belt will cure you.. jg
KB Ate you a middle-a^ed man" suffering from varicocele, prema-
H . tureness, indigestion, constipation, rheumatism, lame back, etc.? Dr. \u25a0
H McLaughlinV Electric Belt will cure you. *. . ... •,. nj
jfl . • • Are you an old. man, declining before your time, having lost" H.
H all ability to "enjoy life, with prostatic trouble,' lost strength, debil-; \u25a0
« ity, pains and aches. 'and general decay of organic powers? ,T can \u25a0
B cure you with Dr. McLaughiin's Electric Belt with free suoensory li
H| I will send you. sealed.', free, my beautiful book telling about it 13 "
:H if you will send this ad. .Send for it to-day. , .:,'•••. 7 '\u25a0
H . Office Hours— 8 a.* m. to 8:30 p. m. Su ndays, 10 to L \u25a0\u25a0 , . ...IOn' the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 14@21V&c; dairy.
13@19c. Cheese, steady, 9%@10%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 19V4c. ,• \u25a0 \u25a0- \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0>\u25a0\u25a0' - . \u25a0•: -
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— The volume of deal
ings fell off still further to-day and were again
'xaticested ia a few stocks In which there was
New York Stock Market.
Cash quotations were .-as follows: Flour,
easy;- No. 3 spring wheat. . 63%@69%c; No. 2
red, 71%@72c; No. 2 yellow, 58»4c; No. •-. 2 oats,
37%S38c; No. 2 white, 39V4@40'/4c; No. 3 white
39«/i@40c; No. 2 rye. 55%c; fair. to choice.raalt
ing barley, .54@58c: -No.- 1 flaxseed. $150; 'No.
1 Northwestern. , $1 50: prime timothy 1 seed,'
$5 70(2'5 SO; mess pork, per barrel.'. $13 40013 50;
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9;, Seattle, $7; Bryant,; $6 50: Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wellsend, $9; Co-operative -Wallsend,
$9; Cumberland/ $12 50 in bulk and - $13 75 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Can
nel. $11 per ton: Coke. S13 per ton In, bulk and
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make. . %c less than -Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32
@35c;; Fleece Twine,' 7%@8c; Fruit Bags. 5%@
6%c for cotton and 7®7%c for Jute.V. "
General Merchandise.
The firmness ; in' Potatoes, and Onions con
tinues, though no further advance Is reported.
Vegetables ; are dull and '\u25a0 featureless.
Two cars of Merced . Sweets came lri. : vV
POTATOES— 57y.@90c in sacks for BurbankS
from the river; = Salinas Burbanks. $1®1 30;
Oregon Burbanks, ' $l@l 10 ; River Reds, • $1 50®
160; Sweets. 35@40c, for Rivers and 75@85c for
Merced.' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.>.:, , ,\u25a0 .. « . -• . • - . \u25a0 . < . \u25a0 j
1 ONIONS-^-$l 25®l 45 per ctl; Pickle Onions.' 60
@75c per \u25a0 ctl." - • '. \u25a0 ,
VEGETABLES— Green 'Peas. l(S3c for •Gar-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
EASTERN MARKETS.
PORK — Live Hogs, 230 lbs and under, 5%@6c
over 230. lbs, 5%c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent. off; boars, 30 per cent off, and stags, 40
per cent off from the above quotations- dressed
Hogs, .7 l ,4@9c. ' ' ' •
'The packers and butchers are getting" all the
Hogs they -want, : and quotations are shaded a
fraction. Other descriptions remain as before.
"Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .- ,
BEEF— 6@6%c ' for Steers and 5®5'/4c' per lb
for Cows. ..... \ \u25a0-' ... \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0.. . .> , . '
VEAL— Large, 7@8cr small, 8@9c per lb
. MUTTON -Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes, 6@64c per
pound. v '
LAMB— 7@Sc per lb. ' . • . r :
San Francisco Meat Market.'
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 69% 69% ' 69% . 69%
December 70% -70% 70^ 70%
May 73T4 74Vi 73% 73%
Corn No. 2— . \u25a0 .
October .'... '.... .... 56V.
May ...1... 57M 57% 67 67V4
December 59',£ 60 59% ; "' 59%
Oats No. 2-*
October. 36*4 . 36% 36^4 Z6\b
December 20% • 3G;j 36 J ,V 36%
May 38% ' 39 3S% 38%
Mess Pork, per barrel — .;
January 14 S7% 14 93 U S2\$ 14 90
May : 15 00 15 00 14 90 15 00
Lard, per 100 . pounds-
May ...8 70 S77V4 "8 70 8 75
October '.......*..... 8 72^4 8 75 8 67',4 8 70
November 8 67>4 8 70 • ,& 65 8 67»£
January -8 65 8 75 / 8 65 . . 8 70
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — -
October ............ 8 10 8 10 8 05 8 10 '
January .....•."..,.. 7 67«4 ; 7 72V5 7 67% 7 70
May ....7 80 7 82% 7 77% 7 80
. Beans are firm, 'and; some, kinds are quoted
higher. The advance Is largely fictitious and
temporary and wholly independent of. . the
weather, being due. to the filling of a line of
October shorts which must be settled by to
day. This ' condition i3 expected to give the
market a firmer tone for some days to" come
Intrinsically, however, the market Is w*ak as
the crop Is large and the Michigan output Is
heavy and of fine quality.- - -,'.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 25@2 60; Small' White, $3®
3 30; Large White $2 40@2 60; . Pea, $3;^PInk,
$2@2 30; Red, $3;. Blackeye, $3. 2T>@3 40; Limas,
$4 75@4 85; Red Kidneys, $3 50@4 per ctl.. *
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 23@3 40; Flax, - $2 65@3 25; Canary.
3^ tg^c for Eastern; Alfalfa,- from Utah 8%c;
Rape, 1%@1%c; Hemp. 3V4c per lb. . .
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90@2; Green, , $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Beans, and Seeds.
*- *
CHICAGO, Oct. 30.— Weakness In wheat
cables and continued reports of heavy rains
In Argentina Influenced wheat holders to sell
and encouraged short sellers. The cash busi
ness was also slow and both Northwestern
and. primary receipts were considerably In
creased. This brought an opening for Decem
ber M&VtC lower at 70%c. Only the gaining
strength in the corn pit prevented a decided
slump in wheat, for though in the face of these
bearish factors December sold up to 70%c later
when dullness was more pronounced It sagged
back quickly to 7H4c. The outside markets
were doing very little business and December
was the weaker future, ruling relatively %@V4c
lower than May. Late In the day, there was
a small reaction on export news and Decem
ber closed- weak, Uc lower, at 70%@70 l Ac.
Corn, was strong as the result of light re
ceipts and firm cables, which frightened the
short interest and Influenced buyers. Decem
ber closed firm, 1 /4®%c higher, at 57>ic.
December oats opened unchanged, fluctuated
narrowly and closed steady, %c higher.
Provisions were more active than at any
time for a week. There was an early small
demand which kept prices up despite a sagging
hog market. Later everything turned dull and
January pork closed unchanged, lard V-k higher.
The loading futures ranged as follows:
More Hay came In again, the receipts being
725 tons, including 33 cars. The market showed
no change whatever.
Cracked Corn and Corn Meal were lower
again, and Bran was - marked down a dollar.
Middlings were unchanged, but were weak in
common with the other Feedstufts.
. BRAN— U8@19 per ton. -
MIDDLINGS— $20@21 per • ton V
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Jobbing $28 50
@29; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal, $32®
32 50; Cracked Corn, 532 5J@33; Mixed -Feed, $18
@19. • . ~ : I -. 1
HAY— Wheat, $9@12; fancy, $12 50; Wheat and
Oat $8 50@1150; Oat. $S@10; Barley and Oat.
$7@9; Alfalfa, $8®10 50; Clover, $5 50@7; Volun
teei\ $5@8; Stock, $3@7 per ton. -
STRAW— 30@45c per bale ' • . \u25a0
Hay and Feedstuff s:
s K- g ' a 2 *;
in mi p a
jt : £ : e — jr g^ § Jj
STATIONS. 5:3-2 p. 3 » . 2*
: : : : ': - 3 "
"C • * • • • Z
;} s ,toria 30.14 £.8 48 SW Cloudy 0.22
leaker 30.24 44 30. NW Cloudy 0.02
Carson 30.20 C2 40 NW Cloudy 0 00
Eureka 30.26 6S 46 NW Clear 0*00
Kretno.-; 30.06 68 42 S Clear 0.00
« lagr8t ?, ff "-; 30 - 10 £2 28 N E Clear 0.00
Pocatcllo, Idaho:. .30.22 46 40 SW Pt Cldy 0 00
Independence 30.00 72 40 NW Clear 0 00
Los Angeles 30.00 70 £2 W Clear 0 00
Phoenix 29.92 66 42 SW Clear 0.0C
Inland 30.18 06 46 SW Cloudy T.
Red Bluff 30.10 74 64 N Clear 0.00
Koaeburg 30.30 68 42 E Cloudy 0 00
Sacramento 30.06 6« 48 SE Clear 0 00
i^Jt Lake 30.20 £2 42 N Cloudy C*00
J5an Francisco 30.08 64 64 E Pt Cldy 0 00
lian Luis Oblspo... 30. 06 72 48 W Clear 0 0*
Kan Diego 2S.S8 66 £2 NW Clear o!oo
ttsattle 30.02 E8 46 W Cloudy 0.18
J?pokane 30.CS 46 38 S Rain O.CS
NeahBay 29.S8 M 44 W Cloudy 0.80
TValla Walla 80.10 56 44 S Cloudy 0.04
''Vlnnemucca 30.24 £2 28 SW Cloudy 0 00
Yuma 29.92 74 46 W Clear 0.00
7 a, m. temperature, 54 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure overlies Utah Ne
vada, and Southern Idaho. Generally fair
n-eather prevails over the greater portion of
California.-
The temperature has risen slowly along the
coast and in the ereat valleys of California.
Rain is falling from Astoria northward and
eastward to the Rocky Mountains.
Forecu=t made at Kan Francisco for 30 hours
cndlnp midnight October 31. 1301:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Thurs
day; continued warm; fresh northeast winds.
Southern California— Probably fair Thursday;
Jight northeast winds.
Nevada — Fair Thursday; light northerly
Kan" Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Thursday: light southeast winds. - ,
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about U4c under quotations. Heavy salced
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
9>£c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c; Salted
Kip, 9V4c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf. -10®
lOV-c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 18@19c; Culls and Brands,
16@17c; sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each
short Wool. 50@60c each; medium, 50@75c;long
Wool, 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides., salt. $2 50
@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 75
lor small and 50c for Colts;. Horse Hides, dry
$1 75 for large, U 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for
small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or
red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; win
ter or. thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium 35c
TALLOW— Refined, 6%c; No. li rendered, 5®
5V.c per lb; No. 2, 4@4V4c: grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine, 14S
15c; do, medium- and coarse,' ll@13c; Oregon
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; : do, fair to good. • ttfti
lie; Nevada, 10@12c. **
Fall— San Joaquln, 6%@8V$c; San Joaquln
Lambs,' 7%@9c; Middle County, 8@10c; 'North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do, defective, S@9c-
Humboldt and Mendoclno, ll@12c per lb \u25a0•
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@13c per lb for
cood to choice. -
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
Chicago Grain Market.
unsteady. 9@11 points lower.
t
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— Cotton futures closed
New York Cotton Market.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers'. $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, %\
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 23; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour
$3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35; In sacks,
$6 50@8: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green
Peas, $6 50 per 100 pounds.
Flour and MiUstuffs.
The mark't continues quiet and weak. Chi
cago was a shade firmer, though the cash d -.
mand was poor and Hogs were again lower.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12'/$e for light medium, 13%c for light,
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13&c; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $11 per barrel: extra
Mess, $12; Family, - $12 50; prime Mess Pork,
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8c , per lb \u25a0 for
compound and ll^c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12V4c; 5-lb tins, 12%c; 3-lb tins,
12V4C.
COTTOLENE— Orte half-barrel, 10%c; three
half -barrels, 10^4c; one tierce, lOVic; two tieces,
10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. • ,
Provisions.
Domeftic Iron markets ruled rather quiet and
nominally unchanged. Pielron warrants, $9 iO
©10.50; No. 1 Northern foundry, $15® 16; No. 2
foundry. Southern, $14@15; No. 1 foundry,
Eounthern, $14 50® 15 f.0: No. 1 foundry, South
ern, soft, $14 50<ftl6. • Glasgow warrants closed
at 55s and Middlesboro closed at 44s 7%d.
NEW TORK. Oct. 30. — Tin was somewhat
firmer to-day at New York and London, but
trading was very light and only of a hand to
mouth nature. The former market closed firm
in tone at $24 S3@25, while at the latter place
values advanced 5s to £114 for spot and £107 15
for futures. Copper values In London gained
7s 6d to-day on light buying orders and closed
firm, with spot quoted at £64 17s 6d and fu
tures at £63 12s 6d. Locally the market was
dull and nominally quoted at $16 85@17 for
Lake and $16 37>A®16 62V4 for casting- and elec
trolytic. . Lead »vas dull here at $4 37V4, but Is
3d lower at London, with spot quoted at £11
8s 9d. Spelter was aulet \u25a0 at New York at
$4 37V. for si>ot. London was unchanged at
£16 los.
Nezv York Metal Market.
WEDNESDAY, Oct 30-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask
4s quar coup..lll%112V3; is qr c (new).138%!33%
4s quar reg....lll%112V2 3s quar coup.. 108H1C3&
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 106% — Oceanic SS 5s.lO3 104
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6s.l29U —
C C Water 5s.lUVlll2^ Pac G Imp 4s. 95 —
Ed L & P 6s. - 131ii Pk & C H 6s.. Ill 113
Fer & C H 6s. - 122 Pk & O R 6s.l21 -
Geary-st 5s.... — 100 Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s. — — Sac E G R 5s. 96% —
Do 5s 99«4 — S F & SJV 5s. 122^123};
Los Ang R 5s.ll7ViilS Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6S.101V4 — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 113 113s'
Do gntd 5s. .102 102% (1910) 114« _
L A & P 5S...101V4 — S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — 123 (1905) Ser A. 107% —
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27V4128«4 (1905), Ser B.10SVil09
..Do lem 5S122U — (1909) 113 113%
N R of Cal 6S.112&H3 (1910) 11414 _'*
Do 5s ... 121 - S P of Cal 1st \u25a0
Nor Pac C 6s.l01Vs — c gntd 5s....lliv; —
Do 5s 106%10S S P Br Cal 6s. 134 —
Nor Cal R 5s..ll2fe — S V Water 63.1111/4111%
Oak Gas 5s. ...111% — Do 4s ..f.... — 104Vk
Oak Tran 6s..l23%125^ Do 4s, 3d m.lO2%lC3^
Do 1st c 5b..1U%112 Stktn Gas 6S..102H —
Oak Wat g 5s. — 108 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77^4 79 Port Costa. 63« 6S
Marln County. 58 — Spring Valley. S7H S7^i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — 4 1 Pacific Light.. 41 —
Equitable ....'3% 4 Sacramento ... 25 —
Mutual 3 S',jlS F G 4 E 44% 44%
Oakland .. — 52 1 San Francisco. 4V. —
Pac Gas Imp. 40 42 'Stktn G & E.. 8
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund.240 — | »
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 77V4 79% L P & A 159V4160
California ....406 — \u25a0- Mer Ex (liq).. 16 " —
Cal Safe Dep.. 109 — S F National.. 130 —
First Nationl.312 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 — , Sav & Loan.. — 90
Humboldt — — .Security Sav..2S3 350
Mutual Sav... 60 — Union Trust.. 1700
o T«* Sav U 525 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 — . }O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 [Presidio 32 —
Market 89 83\i>
POWDER.
Giant 85^ 85%|Vigorit *.. 414 <u
SUGAR.
Hana .4^— Kilauea '. 11 uii
Hawaiian — HMs Makawell 27% 2SH
.Honokaa 12 — ,Onomea ....... 24% 25
'Hutchlnson ... 17 — . iPaauhau 12 xni
.MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska 'Pack.'.148!sl5O Oceanic S Co. 44 45
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 Pac Aux F A. 2%
Cal Wine Asn. 89V4 91 ,Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Mer Exchngc.llO — 'Par Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
Board— • \u25a0
50 Alaska Packers'. Assn 147 50
10 California Wine Assn 90 00
50 Giant Powder Con... 35 jo \u25a0
130 Honokaa Sugar Co jo 00
60 Hutchinson S P Co....' 17 00
10 Market-st Railway... 59 23
35 Market-st Railway, s 5.. 59 25
50 Paauhau S P Co n 75
10 S F Gas and Electric Co".. 44 50
7 Spring Valley Water g§ 95
11000 Spring Valley Water 6s in gn;
Street— \u25a0 .
$13,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s .124 00
Afternoon Session.
\u25a0 - Board —
5 California Wine Assn 93 qq
SflO Contra Costa Water 73 qq
73 Equitable' Gas ....V.'.."...,;..". \u25a0 373
30 Giant- Powder Con..... 85 50
50 Honokaa Sugar Co.. :.....:..... 12 l"»A
55 Hutchlnson S P. Co 17 ,;g
100 Makawell 28 00
35 Pacific Coast Borax... .....165 00 •
100 San FrancUco Gas and Electric Co 44 87U
15 Spring Valley. Water... 87 50
' PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — .'^. : v''
10 Hanford ....104 00
: 5 Hanford .*...: 103 00
20 Home :.... ." ...:.... 3 40
400 Junction ..." ....'. «*>
'300 Junction \u25a0 ......; ;....."! 93
110O Junction .1 .24
1C0O Lion .> "" og
2230 Petroleum Center ;> ; . gg
.200 Petroleum Center • 09
200 Twenty-Eight....... ...."! 1 50
, . "Afternoon Session. -
Board..
3300 Junction .......".„'.... .' >\u25a0 25
\u25a0 500 Junction, s 60.......;. ;... . *' 25
' 500 Junction;' s 60 .-..:.. ...-.;:r..v. 24
500 Monarch of Arizona. ; b» 20. ........... 22.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples,. 5^@7c; sun-dried, 3&@4V£c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4@8c; Plums, pitted, 3}i
@5c; unpitted, l@2c: Nectarines, 5@6c for red
and 5'^@6%c for white; Figs, 3@3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 5U@5 l /4c; 40-50's, 4%@5c; 50-60*8, i\i@
4%c; 60-70's. 3%@4c; 70-80's, SVieS^c; 80-90's, 2%
@3c; 90-100's. 2Vi@2V£c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, ?2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, fl 60; London Layers— Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose' Muscatels— Four-crown, 4%c; Three
crown, 4V4c; Two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 4V4c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c: Thompson
Seedless, 6Wc; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8V&c;
choice, 7V4c"; standard, 6V4C; prime, -5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, &c. Bleached Thompsons-
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard. 7%c; prime, 6}£c. Fancy seeded, 6y,c;
choice seeded. 5%c
NUTS — Chestnuts, 8@12 l /4c; ."Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9&c; No. 2, 7Hc; No. 1 hardshell, 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell, 10
@llc for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@1214c;
Filberts 12@12V*c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
|3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10@
ll'^c for light "amber; water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per 1 lb.
It Is the same old story,, day after day, of
weak and dull markets, both here and in the
East. Prices show no change.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 73 1 / 4c
OATS— The situation shows no further
change. The market is firmly held, and deal
ers report a steady movement, /especially for
seed.
Grays. $1 lOigl 22«i; whites. $1 15@1 27V4; Sur
prise, Jl 30@l 32%; black, $1@1 20, and red,
|1 05@l IVA per ctl for feed and $1 20@l 25 for
seed. . ,
CORN— No further decline Is noted but the
market is weak owing to offerings of. the, new
crop. Samples, however, are few. The Chicago
market is firm, with a good demand. ,
Large yellow is quoted at $130@135; small
round yellow, ?1 40; white, nominal; Eastern
Corn; nominal.
RYE— 72',4@76V4c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal; none in first
hands.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 71Uc;
2000, 72c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
72%c. •
Feed, 73%@7Dc for choice bright, 72'^c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%'gS2He; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 p«r ctL
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — December — 3000 ctls, 99&C.
May— 2000, $1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls 99Wc
May— 4000. $1 04.
BARLEY— Spot feed is steady, with sales at
full figures, though the business Is light. The
movement in the country is still hampered by
shortage in cars. Prices remain unchanged on
the spot, though futures advanced yesterday.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were 'Weak,
and .Liverpool and Paris : futures were lower.
A cable from Rosario reported irain in the Ar
gentine, with prospects for a continuance.
Chicago . opened > a shade lower, the. foreign
decline acting as "a .damper op thefrimarket.
There was considerable actfVIty*"af the decline
however. Liquidation in December -Wheat was
prominent. Large commission houses were
heavy sellers at the opening, but turned buyers
later on. Those with Wall street connections
were good buyers of Corn.
This market was weak, with a slight decline
on call.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, 9S%c@$l; milling,
|1 02i4(gl 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Wheat and Other Grains.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Firm. State, com
mon . to eood, 6@8c; prime, 7^c; choice," 9c;
fancy, 9U@9^c.
California dried fruits inactive.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, S^lSlSc; Moorpark, 8@>12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unceeled. 6@9c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. • Oct. 30.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12.774; exports, 3303. Dull but steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 49,400 bushels; exports,
99,492 bushels. Spot, easy. No. 2 red, 79^c
t. 0. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 7S%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, S2%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opentd easy on cables, rallied with corn,- and
later experienced a second decline, closing fair
ly steady, %@%c net lower. March closed
79l£c; May, 79&7S%c; October, 75%c; December,
76%c. , • - ,
HOPS— Steady. \u25a0 •"' '* - - -
HIDES— Firm.
. LEATHER— Steady. •
WOOL-Steady.
SUGAR— Quiet. Fair refining, 3 5-16c; centri
fugal, 96 test. 3 13-lCc; molasses sugar, 3 l-16c;
refined, quiet.
COFFEE— SDOt Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice,
6 ll-iec; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc. Fu
tures closed with a net advance of 5 points,
with the tone steady. Sales, 40,250 bags, in
cluding: November, $6'05@6 15; December,
*6 15@6 25; March. 16 45@6 55; ADrll. $6 55®
6 60; May, $6 70® 6 75; September. $7 05@7 10.
, BUTTER— Receipts, 6549 packages. Quiet.
State dairy, 14*f2ic; creamery, 15<S'22c; June
creamery, 17V£@21%c; factory, 12%@15c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6546 packages. Steady. State
and Pennsylvania, 22®23c; "Western candled,
18ig'22c; Western uncandled. !Gg21%c.
Sterling Exchange,. 60 days — J4 84H
Sterling Exchange,- sight — 4 87 M
Sterling Cables ....: — 4 8Sii
New York Exchange, sight.:."'.... — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12M
Silver, per ounce ;..... ••*- '• : \~ '57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47." @ 471*
Exchange and Bullion.
New York Grain and Produce
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK, Oct. 30.^Close— Money on call
steadier at 3%@4 per cent; last loan, 3%@4
per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4"/4@5 per
cent. Sterling exchange steadier, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4 86% lor demand
and $4 83%@4 83% for sixty days; posted rates
U S4>4 and $4 S7%; commercial bills. $4 82%
4 S3U. Bar silver, 57%c; Mexican dollars,
4.114c. Government bonds, steady; State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Nezv York Money Market.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct.' SO.-Consols, 92%; silver,
26%c; French rentes, lOOf SOc; cargoes on pas
sage, depressed; cargoes No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 27s 10>4d; careoes "Walla "Walla, 28s:
English country markets, firm. .
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 30.— Wheat, easy; No. 1
standard California. 5s 10d!H>5s 10%d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 15-16d. /
APPLES— $1@1 25 per box for extra, 50@83c
for good to choice and 25®5Cc for ordinary.
POMEGRANATES— 50c@$l per box. .
PEARS— Winter Nells, *1®1 25 per box; com
mon. S0<R75c. • » v
QUINCES— 35@.>0c Der box. -
PERSIMMONS— 60c@$l per box. .
STRAWBERRIES— *«@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 50 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $5@6 per. chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— None in.
RASPnERRlE&i«(g5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5@6c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $9 50 per barrel;
to arrive, $10 50; Coos Bay, $2 50 per box.
FIGS— Black, $1; White.- per box.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 25® 40c per box; Canta
loupes, 50@75c per crate ; Watermelons, $5@10
per 100.
GRAPES— Verdels. 50©75c per box and crate:
Tokay, 50@85c; Isabellas, $1@125; Muscat, 50@
75c; Black, 50@90c; Cornlchon, 60c@$l. -
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 75c<&.$2 for com
mon. $3 2of(f 3 75 for gdod to choice, and $4 for
fancy; new Navels, »2 50@3 50; Lemons, $l@l 25
for common and $2<fJ3'for good to choice; Grape
Fruit, $1 50(S!4; Mexican Limes, *4@4 GO; Ba
nanas, $1 73@3 - per • bunch ; Pineapples, — - per
dozen. ,. ,. , • . . . . ' .'..•
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Limes are weak at the decline. Three boxes
of Tangerines, .Horn Orovllle, were too green to
sell, but were held at $2 per box. There is
nothing new in Oranges and Lemons.
Pineapples are. scarce and nominal. Bananas
are higher.
The few Figs arriving are In good condition.
Quinces are in oversupply and weak. Canta
loupes and Nutmegs are neglected and lower.
Arrivals of Berries are light, and do not cut
much figuie now. - There is nothing new in
Apples end Fears.
As there are no Wine Grapes of any conse
quence coming in the quotations are discon
tinued. Table Grapes were firm yesterday, aa
the light receipts were in good condition and
there was a brisk shipping demand for the Ore
gon steamer.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 30.— Wheat— i£c lower; Blue
stem. 55%c; Club, ,54%c. ,
OREGON.
Northern -Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Oct. 30.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
55@55%c; Bluestem, 56c; Valley. 56%c. '
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. SO.-Clearings, J4S1.
871; balances, $49,940.' -
LONDON, Oct. 30.— Anaconda, 7%; Atchison,
80%; Atchison preferred, 99%; Canadian Pa
cific, 113; Denver and Rio Grande, 45%: Denver
and Rio Grande preferred. 94%; Northern Pa
cific preferred, 104; Southern Pacific, 61%; Union
Pacific, 103%; Union Pacific preferred, 91%.
Bar silver, firm, 26%d. Money, 1%@2 per cent.
CLOSING.
NEW TORK. Oct. 30.— The Commercial ' Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Forced liquidation has apparently ceased and
as a result the stock market had a more
cheerful tone to-day. Opinion is much" divided
as to whether the Bank of England will In
crease the minimum discount rate to-morrow.
Some say that.lt will be 3% per cent, others
that it will be unchanged. American stocks
are Improving and hopeful of an early set
tlement of Northern Pacific affairs. The close
was strons, with the coalers leading. •
London Market.
. At a meeting of the stockholders of the Pe
troleum Center Oil Company, on the 29th, the
following directors and officers were elected-
Henry Van Bergen, president; W. Ellery, vice
president; directors— Messrs. Hansen. Toplitz
and Baldwin. The company reports the offer of
$25,0CO for twenty acres of section 28-28-28 Well
No. 3 on 24-28-27 yields 100 barrels dally, and
well No. 4 has not been perforated yet. but
gives promise of being quite as productive as
No. 3. There is a balance of $4000 cash in the
treasury, after all expenses have been paid.
The only change on the Oil Exchange was an
advance in Junction to 24c, under sales of 1800
shares. Hanford showed some activity at $104@
103. The other stocks were quiet.
The feeling in local stocks continued firm in
the afternoon. Giant Powder advanced to
$85 50, Spring Valley Water to $87 50 and Gas
and Electric to $44 87%. Honokaa continued
strons, selling at $12 12%.
The Kern River Oil assessment of 50 cents
per share, levied October 26, becomes delin
quent on the Oil Exchange November 26, at the
office of the company, November 28, with sales
day December 17.
At a meeting of the Oahu Sugar Company
October 21, In Honolulu, the monthly dividend
was reduced from $1 per month to 50 cents. It
is said this action was taken on account of the
excessive cost of preparing for the new crop
and expenditures for labor. The stock is now
quoted at $120.
Although trading jras of moderate volume on
the morning session oi* the Bond Exchange, the
feeling was firm all along the line, and several
stocks advanced, owing to the fine condition
of the companies. Alaska Packers sold up to
$147 50, quite a sharp rise, and further advances
are reported not unlikely. It Is said that the
Pacific Packing* and Navigation Company,
which some months ago tried<to buy out all the
salmon concerns on the coast, and which did
succeed In getting most of them, with the prom
inent exception of Alaska Packers, is about to
reopen negotiations -with this company with
the view to purchase, and that it is prepared
to offer more Inducements than before. Again,
the company has had a very prosperous year.
An additional source of strength is the report
that the Insiders have been quietly buying up
stray lots of stock for some time. Under these
flattering conditions an advance in the stock is
only natural. . •
Another stock to advance under fine conditions
was Giant Powder, which sold up to $85. It
will be remembered that a couple of weeks ago
the stock advanced in consequence of a rise in
the price of powder in what is called the neu
tral zone, and now, another rise id contemplated
in other sections. These appreciations in pow
der naturally increase the Income of the com
pany and give the shares an upward turn.
California Wine was still another stock to
rise, selling up to $90. The selling desire on the
part of a director or two is said to be satis
fied, especially as the stock has been absorbed
as fast as offered.
The sugar stocks were steady to firm, and Ho
nokaa sold ud to $12.
FLATTERING CONDITIONS LEAD TO SEV
ERAL MARKED ADVANCES.
STOCK MARKET.
U S ref 2s res 108% L & N unl 4s....)..101'a
Do coup ...108% Mexican Cent 4sJ.. 83 "
U S 3s reg :...vn% Do 1st lnc ?.. 29'
Do coup 108% M & St L 4s -.-.103%
U S new 4s reg.. ..137% M K & T 4s 99%
Do coup 13S% Do 2nds 79
U S old 4s reg..... 111% N Y Cent lsts...... 105%
Do coup 111% Do gen 3%s 10S%
U S 6s reg 100% N J Cent gen 5s. ..131 •
»o coup 107% Nor. Pacific 4S..-...104V4
Atch gen 4s. .102*4 Do 3s ............ 72%
Do adjust 4s..... 97% Nor & ..W con 4s. .102%
B & O 4s.: 102% Read gen 4s......'.. 97%
Do 3%s . ..... 86% S L & I M con 5s.ll5%
Do conv. 4s... ....107 S L & S F 4s 95
Shares sold .^..545,000
CLOSING BONDS.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales High Low Close
Atchison 16,2W 'isft Tihi 78
Atchison pfd LMW yu attk %%
Baltimore & Ohio 3,700 1U5*; 1U3 lui%
Baltimore & Clbio pfd.. IV.) »j^ yj;i H3; 2
Canadian Pacific otw llu \u25a0 lus?* llu
Ctnada Southern 1.5V0 64% 84 W%
Chesapeake & Ohio 2, Out) 47& 4aVi 45^
Chicago & Alton 4uO 3ti',i 30 36} s
Chicago &. Alton pfd 2uo 761b .' 76% \1
Chicago Ind & Louis... 100 4u?4 4u-*t 4<J?«
Chicago Ind & L pfd... . 100 72% 72^3 'it
Chicago & Eastern 111 125 \u25a0
Chicago & Great West.. 900 25% 2414 . 25
Chicago & G W A pfd S7&
Chicago & G W B pfd.. 500 50 49 \u25a0 ' 49 .
Chicago & Northwestern 300 2u9 208'4
Chicago R I & P 400 143% 143V4 '...-
Chicago Term & Trans.. 2vy .20% »>& 2<H4
Chicago Term & T pfd .... 37
C C C & St Louis 4,600 100U 98& 99%
Colorado Southern 500 13& 13?i 13*i
Colorado So 1st pfd o3Vfe
Colorado So 2d pfd 800 24 • 21 23?i
Delaware & Hudson .... 3,400 171% 169% 171
•Delaware Lack & WV. 1,500 237% 234 236
Denver & Rio Grande. 100 44 44 • 44%
Denver & Rio G pfd... 400 9214 92 92>i
Erie 17,400 41% 41»i 41>j
Erie 1st pfd 2,500 70V4 63H 70
Erie 2d pfd 76»i
Great Northern pfd .... 1,100 194% 133 .194
Hocking Valley .'. • 55H
Hocking Valley pfd 3,100 76*,i 76 76> /2
Illinois Central 3,100 139% 139 139
Iowa Central 600 40%- 40'4 40%
Iowa Central pfd 500 78% 77% 77%
Lake Erie & Western.. 2,700 70% 68% C9%
Lake Erie & "\V pfd 125
Louisville & Nashville.. L500 103% 103 103%
Manhattan L 13,200 122% 120% 121%
Metropolitan St Ry 13,900 156Vi 151V4 15J%
Mexican Central 13,900 22% 22 22%
Mexican National 200 13% 13U 13',i
Minneapolis & St Louis 100 109% 109% 109%
Missouri Pacific 24,000 98% 97% S9%
Missouri Kansas & Tex. 100 25% 25% 25%
Missouri Kan & T pfd. 200 0OV4. 50 59%
New Jersey Central.... 3,800 • 176% 171%
New York Central 3,800 158% 157'/ 4 158
Norfolk & Western.... 10,300 57& 56 57^
Norfolk &. W pfd 88%
Northern Pacific pfd... 7,500 104% 102% 104
Ontario & Western 28.100 35% 34% 34%
Pennsylvania 4,100 146% 14614 146%
Reading 63.400 43% 42% 43%
Reading 1st pfd 6,200 77% 77 77%
Reading 2d pfd 24,000 54% 53U 6414
St Louis & San Fran.. 803 42 41% 41%
St Louis & S F 1st pfd \u25a0 76
St Louis & S F 2d pfd. 100 66% 66% 66%
St Louis S Western 36%
St Louis S W pfd 2.400 56% 56 56%
St Paul 3.800 170% 169% 170%
St Paul pfd 200 195% 191 191
Southern Pacific 15,600 60% f.9% 60%
Southern Railway 3.200 32% 31% * 32%
Southern Ry Pfd 900 87% 86% 80%
Texas & Pacific........ 2.700 39% 39 39%
Toledo St L & West 20%
Toledo St L & West pfd. 400 34% 34 34%
Union Pacific 50,900 101% 100% 101%
TTnlon Pacific pfd 1.C0O 89 89 89
Wabash 700 20% 20 20%
Wabash pfd 900 36% 36% 36%
Wheeling and Lake Erie 300 17% 17 17%
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd 25%
Wisconsin Central 600 20% 20 20%
Wisconsin Central pfd 40%
Express Companies —
Adams 185
American 190
United States 400 90 90 90
Wells Fargo 160
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper... 42.700 87% 86% 86%
Am Car & Foundry..... 200 25 25 25
Am Car & Foundry pfd 300 80% SO 80
Am Linseed Oil 17
Am Linseed Oil pfd 100 «7 47 47
Am SmeU & Ref 1.200 42% 42% 42%
Am Smelt & Ref pfd 400 96 96 95%
Anaconda Mining Co 400 35% 35V4 35
Erooklyn Rapid Transit 11.700 62% 61% 61#
Colorado Fuel & Iron.... 500 93 93 93
Consolidated Gas 1.S00 215 213%' 213%
Continental Tobacco pfd' 114%
General Electric • 256
Glucose Sugar 2,100 40% 38% 38%
International Paper .... 100 19% 19% 19%
International Pap pfd.. 600 75% 75% 75%
International Power 400 S9% 8S% 8S%
Laclede Gas 82%
National Biscuit 100 42% 42% 4U2
National Lead 2,800 20% 19% 20%
National Salt .: .... .... 31%
National Salt pfd 200 65 65 65
North American 1,500 86 96 95
Pacific Coast . s . 60
Pacific Mall 100 43% 43% 43%
People's Gas 11,200 104% 103% 104%
Pressed Steel Car 600 40% 40% ,40%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... . ' 82%
Pullman Palace Car 215
Republic Bteel 300 13 15 14%
Republic Ste,el pfd...... 600 66% 66% 66%
Sugar 8,400 119% 117% 11S%
Tenn Coal & Iron 1,500 60% 59% 53%
Union Bag & Paper Co » 14
Union B & Pap Co pfd. 200 71% 71% ' 71
U S Leather 900 12% .11% 12
U S Leather pfd.... 200 80% 80% 80%
U S Rubber 100 15 15 15
U S Rubber pfd. 200 48% 48% 48
U S Steel 23,800 42% 41% 41%
U S Steel pfd .". 9,100 91 90% 90%
I Western Union 200 91% 91% 91%
1 rather obvious manipulation. The manipula
tion was for the advance, but its effect was
confined to the leading active stocks so far as
any notable results were concerned. The gen
eral list was slucgish and hesitating and fluc
tuated narrowly throughout. The coalers, were
taken in hand for an upward movement, the
concerted buying of the group being based on
the reports o£ very heavy demand and a traffic
only limited by the car supply of the com
panies, while prices are firmly maintained at
the maximum of recent years. The high
priced members of the group gained from 2%
to 3 points and those selling under par rose
about a point. St. Paul resumed its recent
show of strength and was followed as usual
by the Pacific stocks to the extent of between
one and two points. There was another dem
onstration in the Vanderbilts also to-day, but
its influence did not extend very effectively
outside of that group. Amalgamated Copper
continued active and somewhat Irregular above
yesterday's level on unconfirmed rumors cir
culated of the possible incorporation of Calu
met and Hecla. Manhattan and Sugar helped
cut the show of strength. The determination
to take a cheerful view of the gold export
movement, which was increased to-day to a
total of $2,850,000, was apparently based on the
idea that the relief afforded to the foreign
situation will be reflected back upon this mar
ket. There is some assurance felt also that
the movement will be checked after to-morrow's
shipments. This feeling will be emphasised
if the Bank of England maintains its discount
rate unchanged to-morrow, as now seems pos
sible. Judging from the freedom with which
the bank discounted to-day at the current rate.
The favorable subscriptions announced yester
day for the New York City bonds are taken as
reassuring regarding money market conditions
and the release of November 1 disbursments,
including .Government interest. Is" looked to to
tide over next week. Some currency is return
ing from the 'West and the transfers to the
South have diminished. Receipts of gold from
the Pacific Coast through the sub-treasury
have served to lighten the drain of that in
stitution jipon the money market. With sur
plus reserves at a figure well above that of
last year and a year before anxiety over the
money market outlook tends to relax and the
sentiment is expressed that the gold shipment
can well be spared. After a very irregular
movement the market, closed firm in the neigh
borhood of the best prices.
Railroad bonds were only moderately active
and show irregular changes. Total sales, par
value. ?2,660,C00.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
Wall Street and Trade.
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews says:
•The stock market Just now presents the in
teresting though not unusual spectacle of mov
ing in conflict with natural conditions and
being entirely under the control of powerful
and able manipulation. The Investor of or
dinary prudence thinks that prices are still
at a high level, and that the slight reaction
from the boom of last spring, while it 'may
not Justify any bear movement, \u25a0 is certainly
not a bull argument. It should be borne in
mind, however, that the present situation is
a very unusual one and cannot be measured
by usual standards. There has been reaction
la certain sections and in certain industries
from causes too familiar to call for repetition;
on the other band there are sections of the
country and particular industries which are
JL^t feeling the full effect of the wave of pros
perity; so that while it may be receding at
some points it is still progressing at others,
causing a confusion of results out of which
It is not easy to form confident opinions.
"The chief indications of recession have been
in the smaller profits of the industrials, the
losses here and there in our export trade and
•:he damage to crops from drought. On the other
hand the leading Industries continue exceeding
ly active and old and new establishments are
running to their full capacity. The enormous
consumptive demand for products of all kinds
surpasses the expectations of the most experi
enced merchants and manufacturers and affords
the most striking testimony of the soundness
aind substantial chancier of the country's
growth. This is esi^-ially true of iron and
coal, the use of which is dependent upon the
activity of other lines of industry- There are
no signs of reaction in these markets, and it
Is evident that slight concessions in values
\u25a0"vould. brine out a new lot of orders that are
being held back for Just such a contingency.
The agricultural situation -is undoubtedly the
most unfavorable factor observable, but 'the
harm there 4s confined to spots and has many
offsets, so that the injury will be much less
than anticipated in July last. Farmers are
treneraJly prosperous and out of debt and well
tble to meet their losses. Briefly stated then
the agricultural, industrial and commercial sit.
nation, while not so brilliant as a year ago,
is sound and satisfactory, and In these direc
tions no very strong bear arguments can be
found."
Dried Fruit in New York
Mail reports xrom New Tork say: "Weak
ress in both raisins and prunes is marked and
tuyers are nervous and busing very gingerly
in the existing unsettled condition of the mar
ket. At the solicitation or coast holders some
offers at low prices are being wired out and
occasional sales are reported of seeded and
loose raisins under the prevailing association
figures. Three-crown loose Muscatels, new crop.
It Is reported, have eo»d as low as 4e t. o. b.
coast, this being lie under the association price.
This cut. it Is believed, is due to a division
of commission by the broker.
"Loose raisins are Vic lower on the spot,
J -crown being freely quoted at 6c and selling
Jairly well In a small way for immediate needs,
"wo-crown, it Is understood, can be bought at
l\^c and 4-crown at 6«ic. Imported raisins are
tiuiet. Valenclas belnr slow and easy at 6%c
lor layers. Malaga London layers have some
tall at ?1 55.
"Prunes ere in fair request on spot, with
<iuite liberal supplies. Santa Claras 40-50s,
tire generally held around 7c, but new goods
10 arrive soon, are offering at 6%c. Santa
Claras, for shipment from California, are most
ly quoted on a 3c basis, but it is reported
<:an be bought at %c less. Oregon Italians are
dull at about a 2c basis.
'•Currants are steady* at 5%<8X%c f or • Am-
Jilias. with fair demand. Cleaned are still sell
ing well from 7@"Uc for cartons and 6%c for
bulk ffoods.
'•Shelled almonds are more plentiful and in
irood demand. Brazil nuts are very strong at
MVic and Uhic. with tendency still toward
hlcher quotations."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 30—3 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last This Last
_, , 2 * hours. season, season.
t^ e o^ « Trace € - 7< 6.23
Ited Bluff 0.00 3.90 3 19
facranunto 0.00 1.90 i # 62
fan Francisco 0.C0 1 4» 1 64
Y r Z sno u 0 -°° 1 -« o!«
Independence 0.00 1 07 0 84
tan Luis Obispo 0.00 2 S6 1 <*3
I.os Angeles 0.00 2.00 0 26
&an Diego 0.00 0.34 0.30
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
£i>; minimum. 53; moan. 59.
The following maximum and minimum tem
r^ratures were reported from Eastern States:
3oston D0-40;Omaha 80-60
Cincinnati 78-5n| Duluth 66-fe2
l\ashlngton 62-40Salt Lake City 54-J2
Jacksonville 72-61 Chicago 78-60
.Sew *ork 5S-42 ; St. Louis S2-58
Kansas City S2-5S Philadelphia 62-41
BUTTER— Creamery, 27@28c j per . lb for
fancy and 24@26c for seconds; dairy, 18(S24c:
store Butter; 15@17c per lb; Creamery Tub,
21@22%c; Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg, 18@19c
per lb. - \u25a0 - - - ,
CHEESE— New, liyi@12c: Old, 10%c: Young
America. 12%®13c per lb; Eastern, 13«J15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 38@39c for selected large, 35
@37V£c for good to choice and 32%@34c for fair;
store, 22@25c per dozen; cold storage, 20@22%cj
Eastern, 18@24c, with extra White at 27%c.
Receipts were 14.100 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter; 853 cases of Eggs,
757 cases Eastern Eggs, 16,100 pounds of Califor
nia Cheese and 32,800 pounds Eastern Cheese. \u25a0
Eggs are weak, and 39c is now about the top
of the market. Offerings' of cold storage are
heavy, and these goods are lower. Receipts of
domestic fresh Eggs are also larger, as will be
seen, while there are a good many Eastern t n
the market. At the same time extra white and
otherwise choice Eastern are reported celling
up to 27%c. • Seattle is sending in more or less
Eggs, and 150 cases came in/from that source
yesterday. Under these adverse conditions a
weak market is natural. ,
. Receipts of .Butter continue heavy, and the
Eureka came in with 186 boxes. There was no
further decline, however, and some dealers re
ported rather more steadiness to the fancy
creameries, though the majority of the trade
were weak.
Quotations for Cheese have not changed fcr
some time. The market is liberally supplied.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Oct. 30.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 2800; market active; best stronger;.na
tives,. $3@6 50; cows and heifers, $7 25@7 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 6100; market. 5@10c lower;
pigs, steady; light and light mixed, $5 60@5 80;
medium and heavy.' $5 70@5 92^; pigs. $4 23®
5 75;' bulk, $5 70@5 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2600; steady to weak;
lambs, $4 75. -
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, Oct. 30.— CATTLE— Receipts, 21,
000; beef cattle mostly 10@15c Iow,er; cows,
jslow: good to prime steers, $6@6 80; poor to
medium. $3 S0@5 70; stockers and feeders, $2@
4 25; cows, Jl 25@4 50; heifers, $2 25@5; canners,
$1 25@2 25; bulls, $2@4 50; calves, $3@6 25; Texas
fed steers, $3@4 10; Western steers. $3 G0@5 15.
HOGS— Receipts. 30,000: 5@10o lower, closing
at the bottom; mixed and butchers, $5 75@6 20;
good to choice heavy, $5 S0S6 22%; rough heavy,
$5 50@5 70; light, $5'75@5 90; bulk of sales, $5 75
(go 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. ' 23,000;. mostly 10c lower;
lambs, 15@25c lower: good to choice wethers,
$3 5O®4; fair to choice mixed, $2 90@3 40; West
ern sheep, $3@3 75; native lambs. $2 50@4 65;
Western lambs, $3@4 40. '
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
10 Peerless . SCO
- 10 Peerless, b 90... : ; 5 37V4
Street. .Yesterday.. * . ..
50 San Joaquln Oil and Dev... 7 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
• Morning Session.
1630 Con Cal & Va..l 731 ICO Overman........ M
400 Best & Belcher 15 100 Sierra Nevada. 13
100 Chollar 07| 100 Union Con 13
400 Mexican 19 ( 300 Yellow Jacket. 15
3C0 Mexican 18 100 Yellow Jacket. U
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 13 100 Ophir 80
100 Challenge ...... IS 100 Ophlr ....: SI
100 Chollar ...: OS 200 Ophir 82
550 Con Cal & Va..l "'•> -»0O Overman 04
200 Mexican 20 200 Sierra Nevada. 14
200 Occidental <*>
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200'Best & Belcher 15. 200 Harle & Norcrs. IS
100 Caledonia ' 27i 200 Mexican 19
400 Chollar 07J11CO Mexican , 13
200 Chollar OS: 23) Ophir SI
150 Con Cal & V.I 77H ; 5C0 Overman 04
100 Confidence 75i 500 Potos! OS
3CO Crown Point... 06| 500 Pctosi 07
1200 Gould & Curry. 13! 4C0 bellow Jacket. 15
Afternoon Session.' '
200 Chollar OS 500 Mexican . 1»
100 Con Cal & Va..l 75 150 Ophir 77
100 Mexican 20 500 Sierra Nevada. 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 30—4 p. m.
- - Bld.Ask. ... . Bld.Ask.
Alpha :. 01 02 Justice 02 C3
Alta 01 C2|Kentuck — 02
Andes 03 04 Lady Wash...- 01 —
Belcher 08 C9| Mexican IS 1*
Best & Belcher 14 15 Occidental 05 06
Bullion 02 04 Ophir 77 79
Caledonia 27 29 Overman 04 OS
Challenge Con.. IS WIPotosi ~. 07 08
Chollar ...-. 07 OS; Savage '. 10 11
\u25a0Confidence 73 80 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 75 Beg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... — 01 'Sierra Nevada. 14 13
Con New York. 01 —•.Silver Hill 30 32
Crown Point... 05 06 St Louis 03 —
Eureka Con.... 14 — Standard ..3 90 4 10
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate ~ — 07
Gould & Curry- 11 12 Union Con....;. 13 14
Hale & Norcrs. 15 16 Utah 02 to
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 14 13
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— / . • Dec. March.
Opening ...„ 5 8^4 5 9%
Closing ; 5 8%. 5 9%
. PARIS.
Wheat— \u25a0 Oct. Jan.- Apr.
Opening ; ...20 40 2155
Closing 20 45 21 65
' Flour — . \u25a0 - - " • •
Opening .- 26 20 27 35
Closing ; 26 25 27 40
Silver continues to creep up. -Exchange undisturbed.
Wheat easier and quiet. Barley steady.
Oats firm, Corn declining and Rye weak.
Hay steady. Bran and Corn products lower again.
Beans temporarily firm, owing to filling of October shorts.
Potatoes and Onions still firm. Vegetables featureless.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Butter and Eggs in liberal supply and weak. Cheese unchanged.
Table Grapes firm under light arrivals. Wine Grapes about 'out.
Quinces and Melons dragging. Limes weak.
Dried Fruits and Raisins shozu little life.\
Provisions weak and quiet.
Quotations for Hogs slightly shaded, owing to liberal stocks.
Local stocks and bonds in firmer tone. * .
Canada So 2nds...lO8^|St L SW lsts....'.. 9S%
Cent of Ga Ss.....lO7Vi Do 2nds 79 '\u25a0 .
™?° 1 . St A nc - "••••• 71^' S A & A P 4s 87%
Ches & O 4Vis 108 |So Pacific 4s....... 93tf
Chj & Alton 3^s... 84%!So Railway 5s. ....119%
Chi B : & Q new 4s. 98!* \u25a0 Tex & Pacific lsts.lWU
CM & S P gen 4s.llO%|T S L & W 4s 81U
Chi & NW con 7s. 139 Union Pacific 4s...lO5 ! £
C R I & P 4s 10614 Do conv 4s A0&%
C C C & S L g 4S.104 Wabash lsts .120V*
Chi Terminal 4s.. 93 Do 2nds 110V4
Colo & So 4s 88 Do deb B 59
D & R G 4s.: 102% West Shore 4s 112H
Erie prior lien 4s. 99 W & LJ>E 4s 90%
Erie gen 4s 87% Wis Cent 4s 88
F W & D C lsts. .107 Con Tob 4s 63'^
Hock Valley 4%s.lO7
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 'Little Chief .......12 '
Alice 60 Ontario 10 00;
Breece 100 Qpliir 75 :
Brunswick Con 10 Phoenix 60
Comstock Tunnel.. 6 Potosi 5.-
Con Cal and Va..l 65 Savage 7'
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada .... 10 '
Horn Silver 190 Small Hopes ......'40'
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 80
Leadville Con ..... 5
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land '.. 2#
Call loans 3@4 West End 93^4
Time, loans 4@4*i Westing Elec ..... 71
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & S F 71% Atchison 4s ........ 52
Do prefd 96U Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 11S& Adventure 22%
Amer Telephone... 157 Blng Min Co....... 2S%
Boston & Albany. 257 Amal Copper 86%
Boston Elevated... 168 Atlantic 3o
Boston & Maine... 193 Cal & Hecla.......660
Dominion Coal .... 48 Centennial .......... 17 9
Do prefd 118 Franklin 162 .:
U S Steel 41% Humboldt ... 50
Do prefd 90»t Osceola 99
Fltchburg prefd ..144\i Parrot 37
Mexican Central... 22 Qulncy 158
N E Gas & Coke. 4JS Tamarack ......'.'..280
Old Colony 206>b Utah Mining 23^
Old Dominion 27 iWinona 2%
Rubber 14% Wolverines .... 5SVi
Union Pacific 101% I -
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Game j arrived j in good . condition again, and
previous prices were maintained without diffi
culty. Arrivals were 61 sacks.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15@16c \ for Gob'
biers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50
@1 75; Goslings, $1 75@2; Ducks, $3@3 50 for
old and $3 50@4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50;
young Roosters, $3 50@4 50; old Roosters, $3 50®
4; Fryers, $3 25@3 50; Broilers, $3 25@3 50 for
large and $3@3 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 25
@1 50 per- dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs/
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1(31 2o;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $4©5; Canvasback, $3@5; Sprig, $2 50
@3; Teal, $2@2 50; Widgeon, $1 50@2; Small
Ducks, $1 60; Black Jacks, $1 50; English Snipe,
$2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3@3 50;
White Geese, $1; Brant, *$1 25@2 per dozen.
. With the exception of Turkeys, which are in
demand and higher. Poultry is dull and in good
supply. Two cars of Eastern were put on,
making four thus far this week.
Poultry and Game.
den; String Beans, l%@2c;,Llmas, 2@2V$c; Cab
bage. 60@75c per ctl;. Tomatoes, from Alameda.
20@35c; Dried Peppers. -10@12»/4c; Green Okra, 30
@40c per box ; Carrots. 25@35c per sack ; | Cu
cumbers, 30c ; Pickles, ' 2%@Sc per lb f or • small
and l@l%c for large; Garlic. 1%@2%c; Green
Peppers. 40@50c per box for Chile and 40@
50c for Bell; Egg Plant. 40@50c per box; Sum
mer Squash, 60@75c; Marrowfat Squash, J6#S
p ( er ton; Hubbard Squash, $20.
$17 in sacks; Rocky' Mountain descriptions, $3 4a
per 2000 lbs and' $8 50 ' per ton, according - to
brand. , - . ' - -
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $120; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra \u25a0winter strained, barrels, <oc' casea, 30c:
China Nut, 55(5 72c per -gallon: purs Neatsfoot.
In barrels, 70c; ; cases. -75c; Sperm, pure, P5c;
Whale OH, natural white. 40@45c per gallon ;
•Fish Oil, barrels, 37V2C;- cases,- 42Vjc; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 5S>jc fcr Aus
tralian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral. 20c; Star,
20c; Extra Star, 24c: Elaine. 25c; Eocene. 22c:
deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk, 15c: in
cases, 21V4c; Benzine, in -bulk.; 14c: in cases,
20^c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; In cases,
2ff%2.
TURPENTINE-r58%c per gallon in cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c: Pow
dered. 4.75c; Candy Granulated, 4.75c: Dry
Granulated. 4.65c; Confectioners' A, 4.65c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.43c; Magnolia A, 4.25c; Extra C, 4.15c;
Golden C, 4.05c; D, 3.95c; . barrels. 10c more:
half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c -more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half
barrels, 5.15c; boxes, 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 30.
Flour, qr sks 10. 726 (Middlings, sks.... 370
Wheat, ctls 25,940: Hay tons.. 725
Barley, ctla 253,112 j Hops, bales 40
Oats, ctls SlOiWool. sks.... 331
Corn, ctls fiOiWine, gals 47.050
Sugar, ctls 2.900 i Raisins, bxs 3,500
Tallow, ctls 275'Pelts. bdls 244
Beans, sks 3.374 Hides, No 4C3
Potatoes, sks....: 7.742 Lime, bbls 182
Onions, sks 1,353. Quicksilver, flsks • 8
Bran, sks 610'Leather. rolls 29
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 3.056 Flaxseed, sks 6S9
Bran, sks 3.844
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1901.
lard, per 100 pounds. $S 70@8 72%; short-rib
sides (loose), $7 9008 10: dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $7 50@7 75; short clear sides (boxed);
$8 35@S 40; whisky, tbasls, of high wines, *1 30. J
Articles— > - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 49.000 19.000
Wheat, bushels . ..;.'.. ......316,000 " ' 168.000
Corn, bushels-....;...* ..fI66,O00 - 283,000
Oata. bushels 294,000. v 146,000
Rye. bushels ....; 11,000 ' .......
Barley, bushels .....126,000 21,000
Foreign Futures. }
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
12
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
N Steamers leave Broadway
St. Wharf, San Francisco:
nJkSI&w For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
|Sl$P^!W Nov. 2. 7. 12. 1-7. 22. 27. Dec. 2.
! P*\T^5\£ra Chanse to company's steamers
! jffitiriL'Ja! at For a v t lc e torIa, Vancouver (R
! JH9QLM8BLI C ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
•' Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash. >— 11 a. ro..
Nov 2 7 12 17 22. 27. Dec. 2. Change at
Seattle'for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P. Ry. : at VancouveWo C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)-l:30 p. m.. Nov. ,
3 8 13 IS, 23, 28. Dec. 3.
'For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
greles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford <San
Luii Obispo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara. JV en- -
tura,* Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newport— Steamer Corona, Saturdays,
For^Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. "th each month.
For further information obtain the company 3
The "company reserves the rffeht to change
steamers. Bailing days and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
- 10 Market st., San Francisco.
O. R. & N. Cp.
Only Stemnahlp Lino to
• PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to a 1 !
points East. Through tickets tn all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
IiOwest 3=*j?vt:e:s.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BERTH and MEAL3.
SS COLUMBIA Sails Nov. 4, 14, 24, Dec. 4
SS GEO W. ELDER «
Sails Oct. 30, Nov. 9. 13, 23
Steamer sails from foot of Soear st.. 11 a. m.
D.W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt..l Montgm'y. & F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of saillmr.
SS HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, November 16, 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11. 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. January 4, 1302
Round-trip tickets' at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofice,
421 Market street, corner First.
w. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.*
nr TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Friesland Nov. 6 Haverford .Nov. 27
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13 Philadelphia ....Dec 4
St. Paul Nov. 20 St. Paul Dec U
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp,
From Ne*v_Tork Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Friesland Nov. 6[Haverford Nov. 27
Southwark Nov. 13 'Zeeland Dec. 4
~*Vaderland Nov. 2>^Frlesland Dec. 11
•Stepping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R. R, 5 Kf y
TO NEW YORK YI4 PANAMA DIREST, i
Cabin. *1C5; Steerage. J40; Meals Free.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Thursday, Oct. 31
S. S. Argyll \u25a0 sails Saturday, Dej. 7
S. S. Leelanaw sails
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10> at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
AAAanli* £ £ £'A tmvAI1 * 8AM0A « A - a
. oceaffiicb.s.io, srsSas
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday, Nov. 2, 2 p. m.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday. Nov 14. 10 a. m.
S. S.~ AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Nov. 29. 10 a. m.
1 0. SPatCXELS & BROS.' CO., Basra) Agents, 327 Hartst St
Eaa'l Passenger C!5cs, 643 Harkst SI, fisr do. ?. FaciSc St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americana ds Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and Soutb American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
PERU Nov. 9ICOLOMB1A ....Dec. 7
PALENA Nov. kItUCAPEL, Dec tt
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, JUTHR1E & CO.. Gen. Agents.
COUFASNIB GENERALS TXA53ATLA5TIQTJ3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every . Thursday Instead of rf*?7r?2ft
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, \u25a0*wWii
North River, -foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. J70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY . FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket!! gold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YAR1 AND VALLEJ3
Steamer? GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., S:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 1 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 1 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare SO
cents. - Telephone Main .1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mlssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. . • _^
$1 per Year.WASHINGTON, Oct, ! 30.— Frank I, Os^
borne was to-day appointed to succeed
Judge Fuller as Associate Justice of the
United States Court of Private Land
Claims. He is, like his predecessor, a
Democrat. He is a resident of Charlotte.
N. C, and was formerly Attorney General
of North Carolina, :" : . - . '
Molders'* Strik© Ended,
TACOMA, Oct, 30.— Tne strike, of the
Tacoma and Seattle Molders* Union,
which. has been on since June 8, was final
ly ended and the men returned to work
this morning. The metal. trades concede a
55-hour week, which means a Saturday,
half holiday. " y
"I haye been repulsed. You will burn
your ciphers and destroy all your am
munition. You will then make the best
terms • you can with the Boers after I
have fortified myself on the Tugela."
• General Buller, in the speech .which led
to his dismissal from, the command, of
the -First Army Corps, challenged the
National Review to publish the full dis
patch and to explain how it was obtain
ed, declaring that be would then publish
a certified copy ot the original and allow
the public to judge the matter. The ed
itor of the National Review now explains
that he got the dispatch from a civilian
who was in Ladysmith at the time and
who said there was nothing secret about
it. He asserts also that he understands
that both General Buller and General
White have officially asked permission to
publish the authorized version and that
he cannot conceive why permission has
been withheld. ,
The same informant/ giving an alleged
explanation of the fact that there was
no co-operation between General Buller
and General White during the battle at
Colenso, says that General White waa In
formed that the attack was fixed for.De
cember 17, but General Buller commenced
the attack on December 15, to the dismay
of General White, who had not complet
ed his preparations.
The Morning Leader characterizes the
National Review's version of. General
Buller's dispatch to Sir George White as
"imaginary and misleading." » -
LONDON, Oct. 31.— The National Re«
view gives the essential terms of t&4
"spatch-cocked." dispatch from Sir Reu"~
vexs Buller to General Sir George White,
when in command of the beleaguered
British garrison at Ladysmith. Accord
ing to this authority tee message ran as
follows:
National Review Publishes What
Purports to Be Ladysmith
Message.
DISPATCH BTTLXER SENT.
SEATTLE, Oct. SO.— The battleship Ore
gon is now on the Government diydock
at the Puget Sound Navy Yard, where she
was taken last Friday to undergo repairs
to her keel, which was severely strained
when she struck on the rocks some
months ago. Later she will be given a
general overhauling and painting. More
than ordinary care was necessary on ac
count of the strained keel and foe many
days prior to the docking extraordinary
preparations were made for the reception
of the big war vessel.
In order that she might rest gently on
the blocks, instead of pumping all the
water from the dock, as is usually the
case,' only about six feet was taken out.
Shores were then placed in position and
two divers entered the water to adjust
wedges and blocks carefully about . the
keel, before any great part of the- weight
of the battleship was allowed to rest. The
remainder of the water has since been
pumped from the dock and the damaged
part of the hull exposed.
GREAT CARE TAXE2T IN
DOCKING THE OREGON
The order was particularly dishearten
ing because $600 had been raised from dif
ferent sources, to be devoted to the plant
ing of seeds in the burned areas of the
mountains this winter, under supervision
of Hon. T. P. Lukens of this city. The
rangers were to have built trails and fire
breaks for protection "against summer
fires, but they will now be able to do lit
tle more than patrol the woods. Those
Interested in "forestry in this section, have
been trying to have the number of ran
gers and deputies increased ten fold and
they axe confident, despite this setback,
that they will . eventually succeed.
PASADENA, Oct. 30.— A recent order
from the department at "Washington cut
ting by one-half the number of forest
rangers in the reserves of Southern Cali
fornia has • struck consternation into the
hearts of workers in forestry. A petition
of protest was circulated and sent to
Washington and Congressman McLachlan
was appealed , to to have the order re*
scinded. It has gone into effect,' however.
Reduction in the Number of Rangers
Spoils Plans for Preserving
. Forests.
ORDER DISCOURAGES
WORKERS IH" FORESTRY
The Improvement Club received 200
copies from the Board of Supervisors. Ics
members declared the book had no merits
as an advertisement of the county, and
the secretary was instructed to lock them
up and allow none to be distributed.
Some wanted the books burned, and trus
probably will be done.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 30.— A roaring furnace
seems to be the ultimate destination -of
"Reminiscences of Santa Clara County
and San Jose," the souvenir recently 13
sued by Amaury Mars. This action -was
proposed at a meeting of the Improve
ment club last night Santa Clara County,
through Its Supervisors, paid Mars $1000
for 500 copies of this literary rot, which
ridicules the citizens and criticizes the
county's industries and officials. It was to
have been circulated through France and
America in the hope of attracting' settlers.
So disgusted are the people with the
publication, which characterizes the men
of the county as "excellent dry nurses"
and pictures the women as donning gloves
to fry steaks and chops, that no copies
will be circulated.
Santa Clara Supervisors "Will Burn
"Advertising" Matter That -
. ; Cost $1000.
MARS' << REMXN1SCE3S'CES"
TO BE TTSED FOB FTTEIi
NE^V YORK, Oct. 30.— As Henri Four
nier, the French chauffeur, was crossing
the tracks in an automibile in which 'five
other men were seated the machine came
into collision with a locomotive and dis
astrous results followed. All six men
were hurt and the machine smashed.
The names of those In the party and the
extent of their Injuries were:
N. B. Fullerton, a special agent of the
.passenger., department of the, Long,. Is
land railroad; badly cut about the head
and face and compound fracture of one
leg. A. G. Batcheldor, chairman of the
National Cyclists' Association Board of
Control; broken leg and other injuries.
J. H. Gerrie, broken shoulder and leg.
Arthur Lewis of this city, cuts on face
and hand and ankle sprained. Henri
Fournier, foot sprained. Henry J. Ever
all, bruised and cut and leg sprained.
The party was on its way to New York
when the accident occurred, having been
out all day In company with 'William K.
Vanderbilt Jr. in his machine looking tor
a good road, on which it was Fournier's
Intention to try for the mile record to
morrow.
LOCOMOTIVE WBECKS
CROWDED AiTJTOMOBILE
Chauffeur Fournier and Ssveral New
York Friends Injured in a
Serious Accident.
Senator Bard said that, in his opinion.
Congress would go as far a» possible In
passing laws for the suppression of an
archy. .
In the event of the commission reporting fa
vorably as to the purchase of the Panama
canal, this would doubtless lead to further de
lay, but I am not apprehensive that anything
will be done with this project. The Nicaragua.
route is by far tne more desirable and I con
fidently expect to see definite action taken at
the coming session of Congress toward Its early
construction.
I am delighted with the apparently satisfac
tory negotiations between the two governments
on the Nicaragua canal matter and that it has
been practically agreed to abrogate the Clay
ton-Eulwer treaty. I am certainly In favor of
the construction of this canal, provided that It
be made an American canal in every sense of
the word and. under absolute control by the
American Government. I do not believe It nec
essary that we should fortify the canal, but it
Is prudent that we should acquire the right to
do so for our own protection, without the con
sent of any other Government
Referring to the probable action of
Congress on the Nicaragua C.anal, Sena
tor Bard said: • •
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 30.— United States
Senator Bard, who is in this city, said to
day that he wis confident the river and
harbor bin wouid pass at the coming: ses
sion of Congress, carrying with it all Cali
fornia appropriations. Continuing, he
said:
I am also decidedly in favor of retaining In
the bill the amount added in the Senate for tbe
Improvement of San Pedro. I consider this
work something that the .Government has a
rish: to assist in.
Senator Bard Irf)oks for Early Action
by Congress.
HOPES FOB CA17AL BELL.
In the course of his conversation with
the commission M. Hutin has referred to
the old proposal that the United States
buy -a majority of the stock of the Pan
ama Canal Company, and also to the pro
posal made last spring under which, in
case of disasreement as to the value of
the property, in case of its sale outright
to the United State3, it shall be deter
mined by a board of appraisers. These
proposals this has already re
jected and will do so again.
The proposal of the Panama Company
has not changed the determination of
the Isthmian Canal Commission to recom
mend the Nicaragua route. Th 3 commis
sion will suggest a canal thirty-five feet
in depth over its shoalest part and 150
feet lii width at its narrowest point. It
will also urge eight locks.
CALL BUREAU, 1106 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— The pro
posal of M. Hutin, president of the Pan
ama Canal Company, has at last been
made to the Isthmian Canal Commission,
but that 'body docs not regard it as suffi
ciently " definite — particularly as regards
the purchase price and purpose to con
tinue the discussion until some definite
ground is reached in this direction or
other satisfactory arrangements are
made.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT OF SPAIN, Oct. 30.— Delayed
dispatches sent on Monday give particu
lars of a fight between revolutionists un
cer General Ducharme and Venezuelan
forces under General Maica. The battle
cccurred near Barrancas on October 24.
General Ducharme was defeated with a
loss of seven killed and twenty-three
prisoners.- The Venezuelan regulars also
captured 200 Mauser rifles and 33,000
rounds of ammunition. General Duch
arme retreated in the direction of Uracoa
and is being pursued.
CITY OF MEXICO, Oct. 30.— Acting
President Cpnoro Balgesa of the Pan-
American Congress has received an an
swer from President Castro of Venezuela
to a resolution adopted by the Congress
expressing a hope that Venezuela and
Colombia would reach an equitable and
rational agreement of . their present dif
ficulties. President Castro says:
"I esteem your intervention as of an
entirely friendly nature, since these dif
ferences do not come within the purpose
of your union. The Venezuela Govern
ment, which is essentially republican,
liberal and democratic, joyfully corre
sponds with your friendly desires. Vene
zuela has not sought nor desired war
with any one. She desires and loves
peace— but honorable peace."
There are many here who connect her
departure for that seat of the asphalt
controversy with the recent visit to
Washington of former Senator Hiscock,
\u25a0who came here in the interests of the
Warner-Qulnlin syndicate. Before his de
parture yesterday Hiscock protested and
perhaps too much that there'is no pres
ent necessity for intervention on the part
of this Government in the asphalt dis
pute. Captain Emery commands the In
diana. The vessel is now devoted to the
training of naval apprentices. .
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— Despite the
announcement made by the Navy De
partment that the battleship Indiana,
which sailed to-day from Port Royal,
3. C, bound for Trinidad, is going to that
remote region for drill purposes only,
some more substantial-reason is believed
to have Influenced the sending of this for
midable vessel to that locality at this
time.
Special DiEpatch to The Call.
Hutin Renews Proposals That
Cannot Be Accepted by
Commission.
Belief That the Asphalt Con
troversy May Become
Serious.
Mystery Shrouds the
Mission of Warship
Indiana.
America Rejects Offer
of the Panama
Company. •
NAVAL GUNS
NEAR TRINIDAD
BOUND TO BUILD
ITS OWN CANAL
BERLIN, Oct. 30.— The Hamburg-Amer
ican Steamship Company' will extend' itat
East Asian service by a new line from
Hongkong to Vladivostok by way of Ja
pan. It Is also contemplating a new Pa
cific line.
More Steamers for the Pacific.
OAKLAND, Oct. 1 30.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to George E. Wilson,
25, Oakland, and Eleanor L". Hannaway, 23,
Summerville, V Mass. ; ~ Robert • L. Holt, 21,
and Grace Alice Knight,' 18,'v both < of Ala
meda;"Romy Bacigalupi,' 23, and Mar
guerite Delaney/ 17, both of San Jose.
Licensed to Marry.
. An alarm from box 192 at 10 o'clock last
night was for a fire in;a paint shop and
stable at 527, Bay street, owned . by Peter
Castagnlo, who was : mixing, paint
when ' a r candle * ignited the imflammable
stuff. ; He was j badly ; burned \ about the
hands arid 'face. "'•- His injuries were dress
ed at the '. Harbor Hospital. \u25a0; The \u25a0 damage
to the building is "estimated at $700. '
Burned About the Face.
- The monthly exhibition of the .Hayes
Valley Athletic Club will be held to-night
in Mechanics' Pavilion Annex. The box
ers include: J. J. Dukelow.C. J. Hawley,
Con Sheehari, Ed Smith, Billy Ingham,
Harry Bowers, Robert Johnson, Pete
Carroll, Barney Driscoll, Harry Forbes,"
M.; Welsh, Jack Mitchell, Fred Bell and
Jack Crowe, v ,
Pete Carroll vs; John Crowell; Jerry
Fairbanks vs. Kid Parker; Al Whiteman
vs. Ed McQuade; Joe;I«ng vs. Hugh
Friel; Ed Schnider vs. Joe Rix; Charles
Peterson vs. Aieck Roy; Fred Bell vs
Pete McGee; Ed Martin vs. William Ing
ham. - , - *
The tiard-hitting boxers of San Fran
cisco Athletic Club will be seen In action
in the club gymnasium to-morrow night.
Alex Greggalna has arranged eight bouts
between the following boxers:
Boxers in the Ring.
FLAGSTAFF. Ariz.. Oct. SO.-Heavy
snows are falling in various parts of
Northern Arizona. Ten inches has fallen
at Williams, and in the extreme north it is
even deester.
BERLIN, Oct. 30.— Herr Hlldebrandt of
Halle, on the Eaale. has presented to £m
peror William his villa at Arlo, In the
Tyrol. Kis Majesty has accepted and it
JlAHkely that the building will be turned.
, IkSo a sanitarium for German officers.
Gives a Villa to the Emperor.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 30.— The accounts of the
Garden City- Athletic Club have become
so hopelessly mixed that the board of di
rectors will have to put an expert to work
to straighten out the matter. Because of
this condition the resignation of Secretary
Jesse Wcods was requested. Bert Woods,
a brother of the secretary, has also been
dismissed as instructor. Dissensions
arose in the cjub and friends of the Woods
brothers- had a special meeting called to
see if they could not be reinstated. For
a time it looked as though a secession of
members would follow,, but the statement
by President Louis Bond that the books
were badly muddled, and that Secretary
Woods had refused to obey the orders of
the directors in regard to keeping ac
counts and paving bills, bas quieted af
fairs. He said this was the reason
Woods had been requested to resign, and
that he had dismissed the instructor be
cause th<j receipts were not sufficient to
pay his salary. J. G. GrifBth of Santa
Clara has been elected secretary.
Garden City Club Involved.
The steamship Moana, arriving to-day
from Australia en - route to Victoria,
brings news that bubonic plague has
again appeared at Brisbane. According
to the reports of her officers the dis
ease appeared just as the ves
sel arrived from Sydney . at Brisbane.
The victim was sick a few hours and died
on the day/ that the Moana was in port,
all indications, pointing to plague as the
cause of death. The Moana was not quar
antined here. .
"No appeal has been perfected to the
United States Supreme Court against the
new Income tax law here jj and some of
those interested in: the original proceed
ings to . contest the law- are considering a
withdrawal from the case, in view of the
decision by the Supreme Court of Hawaii
thac the law is valid. '/." , .
HONOLULU, Oct. 23.— The new battle
ship Wisconsin arrived here to-day en
route to Pago Pago from the Bremer
haven-naval station. t She : has on board
Admiral Casey, who is' to officiate on the
court-martial to try Commander Tilley,
Governor of Tutulla, on charges of con
,'duct unbecoming an officer and a gentle
man. Captain Merry, naval commandant
at Honolulu, who is also a member of the
commission, will take passage for Pago
Pago, on • the Solace, which is expected
here in a few days.
SALINAS, Oct. 30.— When the case of
the Commercial Bank of San Jose' vs. W.
B. Frue was called for trial this morning
Judge Dbrn announced that he would first
hear the case on the cross-complaint of
John H. Seuts, administrator of Frue's
estate, vs. M. Phillips and others. The
jury had been obtained and D. M." Delmas
made the opening statement, claiming
$20,000 damages for Frue. It was virtually
agreed that the ultimate Issue to be de
cided by the jury should be "Was there
fraud in the sale to Frue of Lagunitas
ranch, under the "misrepresentations of
Mitchell Phillips and F. W. Moore, and,
if so, how much was Frue damaged
thereby?"
Phillips was the first and only witness
examined to-day. He told how from his
earnings oh the Pacific Mail dock, and
from dealings in 'real estate, he had
bought land for $8000, the land which
ultimately became San Jose Chinatown.
This property he exchanged with J. R.
Hebbron for Lagunitas . ranch. In 1897,
hearing that W. B. Frue wanted a coun
try home, he sought an introduction
through Fred W. Moore of San Jose, and
later agreed with Moore [ and" ex-Mayor
Valentine Koch to pay them $1000 if
they could induce Frue to buy the ranch
for $25,000. He planned with them to in
vite Frue to his place on a fishing and
hunting expedition, though there were no
fish there and little game. " .
The witness said that Frue, Moore and
himself had drinks and a jolly good, time
at 5 the ranch. Frue agreed to buy the
land, and the next day, Phillips said, he
telephoned to his lawyers InSan Jose to
have the. papers ready. They were signed
by Frue without any examination of
them. '\u25a0'\u25a0-. ' : ~\ .'\u25a0
Phillips acknowledged that the only
Officers and Warships
on Way to Samoan
Islands.
Cross Complaint the
First to Be Given
Hearing. .
PORT TOWNSEND, Oct. 30.— The ves
sel ashore on Smith Island is the schooner
E. K. Wood. Tugs returning this.morn
ing report the vessel on the middle of the
north side of the spit, and thus far she
has ' sustained no serious damage. Last
night four tugs made an unsuccessful ef
fort to haul her off. -Another effort was
to have been made this evening at high
tide, and If they failed to haul her into
deep water the vessel will undoubtedly be
a total loss, as to-night's tide will be one
of the highest of the season.
FOUR TUGS FAIL TO «
FLOAT THE EL K. WOOD
SAIL SOUTH
TO TRY TILLEY
title the bank at San Jose had in Frue's
note for $17,000 and the mortgage was that
Phillips owed the bank 53000 and had as-
Blgned the papers as collateral security.
The witness was reluctant to give full
information as to his share in the trans
action, claiming that Aloore was acting
for him. He claimed he was unaware that
W. B. Frue was addicted to the use of
strong 1 liquors. ' .
The attention of the detectives Is being
turned toward securing the identity of
the prisoners. The police are satisfied
that at least four of the nine are profes
sional criminal*, and that a number of
discharged soldiers are Jn the lot. While
there is ample evidence already developed
against the mer to establish charges of
burglary, the . detectives arje desirous of
securing es complete records as possible
concerning their prisoners' antecedents
before beginning the prosecution.
The police have a quantity of clothing,
tools and weapons taken from the gang's
headquarters for which owners are
wanted. \u25a0 >
del residence at Fourth and Alice streets.
Not only has this crime been definitely
fixed on the gang, but members of the
Bendel household have identified one of
the nine, who went to the residence Mon
day afternoon ostensibly to sell goods.
His real purpose was to gain a view of
the premises preliminary to the burglary
that had been planned.
ESTATE OF FRUE
CLAIMS DAMAGES
The board's token of appreciation of
Chief Hodgkins' work and that of the
men who assisted is contained in the fol-,
lowing resolution, adopted at the regular
board meeting this morning:
Whereas. This city has recently been infested
with a gang of criminals who have, during the
past few nights, burglarized various places of
business and private residences; and
Whereas, By a clever piece of detective -work
and great exhibition of courage the .entire
band, nine in number, were captured, together
with a wagon load of plunder., on the afternoon
of October 29. 1901; therefore, be it
Resolved. That this board does hereby ex
press "to S. C. ' Hodeklns, Chief of Police; A.
Wilson, captain of police, and regular police
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— Official com
mendation of the policemen for.
their clever work yesterday in
capturing a gang of nine burglars
that had been operating in this
city, was given to-day by the Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners. The ac
tion was uprecedented, and all the more
was It a surprise as well as a gratification
to the men. * -.-
When Captain of Police Wilson received
a message yesterday afternoon from De
tective Kyte,' who located the gang in
the squalid huts at the foot of Madison
street, the captain at once notified Chief
Hodgkins. Tha chief called in hia broth
er, Wilfred I. Hodgkins, who happened
to be at the ofllce. The men hastened to
the scene, followed by the chief's clerk,
Policeman Louis F. Agnew. After the
first round-up one man was missing. It
was Agnew -who captured him half an
hour later, making the daring capture by
Chief Hodgkins complete.
Among the cartload, of plunder uncov
ered in the gang's den has been found
every article except a S20 gold piece that
was stolen Monday night from the Ben-
officer George J. D. Kyte, acting detective, its
full appreciation of and heartily commends
the clever detective ability, skill and courage
in arresting the whole band, thus freeing our
city of a dangerous class of criminals that
have recently come Into our community and
whose presence was a menace to life and prop
erty.
COPENHAGEN, Oct. 30.— The Official
Gazette publishes a denial of the "state
ment that King Edward is suffering frofci
cancer and declares untrue the report
that specialists were in consultation re
garding him during his recent visit to
Denmark. . ' :/^V.
Denial of the Cancer Story.
Hearing the crashing of tbe planking
Mrs. Hoag and Miss Steiner rushed to the
rescue. None of the children were to be
seen, the supposition being that they were
all in the well. A ladder which was top
short to reach the water was lowered by
the women and Miss Steiner went down.
She managed to get hold of the elder
child, but her strength deserted her. She
then came up and held the ladder while
the mother went down. Mrs. Hoag jumped
from the ladder. One child threw its
arms around her neck and held fast. The
other, Which was unconscious, had been
twice to the bottom. As it came to the
surface the second time the mother
caught it. In this condition she clung to
the pump pipe in the cistern until the ar
rival of help.
The men of the neighborhood were all
away and "a long period elapsed before a
rescue was effected. ' ' " \u25a0 .
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 30.— Mrs. Charles
Hoag rescued two of her children, aged
4 and 5, from drowning in a cistern this
afternoon. Tho two little ones, with a
younger child, were at play on the plat
form of a cistern in the yard, when the
planking gave way and they went down.
The water is ten feet from the platform
and is six feet deep.
San Diego Mother's Heroism. Saves
Her Two Little Ones From
\u25a0^ Drowning 1 .
\u25a0RESCUES HER BABES
FROM DEEP CISTERN
Upon her arrival at the house she com
plained of being ill. A physician was sum
moned and the following day she was re
moved to tbe Monod Hospital. It was seen
by those in attendance that an operation
was necessary to save the young girl's
life. It was performed by two Seattle
physicians. The awful truth then came to
light. The girl was found to be in a dy
ing condition, and by her own hand. On
Friday she succumbed. . •
Her parents in San Francisco were com
municated with, but replied that they
were in too poor circumstances to defray
the expense of their daughter's burial.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30.-When.the body of
pretty lS-year-old Ada Miners was laid to
rest in a lpt in Lake View Cemetery yes
terday morning the closing chapter, was
added to a sad career. Several months
ago the girl left her home in San Fran
cisco. Her parents were poor and she, be
ing left to shift for herself, came to Seat
tle. She believed that she could find work
here by which she would be able to earn
a living. Upon her arrival here she found
employment. For several months ,she
struggled along and by close living was
able to provide herself with clothing and
occasionally send a few dollars to her
mother and father at home. Finally,
growing discouraged, she started out to
seek what she had an idea were the pleas
ures of life. Later she was induced to en
ter a resort on Washington street con
ducted by a woman known to the police
as LUa Young. She went to the house on
Wednesday, October 23. She was a corpse
two days later.
Sad Career of a Pretty San Francisco
Miss Comes to an End
in Seattle.
DEATH CLOSES TBAGEDY
OF A YOUNG GIRO'S LIFE
There is" a reward of $500 offered by the
State for the arrest and conviction of the
murderer.
The murder of Albert Anderson was
most atrocious. He had grown suspicious
of impending danger, and before leaving
Winters at 10:30 o'clock on that "Sunday
night had asked persons to accompany
him home, but they did not share Jits fears
and refused to go with him. He was way
laid and his head was beaten to a JTJlp
with some blunt instrument. His Jiody
was then thrown over an embankment
and dragged to a place of hiding in the
Putah Creek bottom. It was found the
next day by a boy who was -herding cat
tle. The pockets had been turned inside
out to indicate robbery as the motive for
the deed. Anderson was known to carry
but little money upon his person.
It was not known then that he had any
enemies, but recent events have brought
out some peculiar facts. One of the offi
cials says that there Is at least one woman
concerned in the case, and that should
Young be brought to trial startling evi
dence will be elicited. The officers feel
certain they have the right man under
suspicion this time. . ' .. J. . _
No direct evidence was found against
the man until about a week aso, when
Colonel Taylor went to a trash receptacle
near the cabin that had been occupied
by Young to get some old rags. In this
he found the right sleeve of a shirt, cov
ered with blood, and identified it as hav
ing belonged to Young. The laundry num
ber on the garment was positively identi
fied by a Sacramento firm as the mark
it had placed upon clothing sent to its
laundry by Young. As Anderson was car
ried nearly 'one hundred yards after his
head had been crushed in the murderer's
clothes must have had blood stains upon
them. ......
Young was a roommate of 'Anderson on
the farm of Colonel Samuel Taylor, near
Winters, for some time prior to the mur
der and the two men had frequent quar
rels. After the murder of Anderson
Young became restless, suspicious and
easily frightened. At one time he asked
permission to move his bed from the
cabin in which he had been sleeping to
the house, giving as a reason that he
was afraid some one would kill him.
Later he sent to Healdsburg for his rela
tives and had them go to Winters to re
side. They did not stay long and when
they left he went with them and remained
in Healdsburg until a few weeks ago,
leaving about the time the suspicion of
the officials was directed toward him. It
is said that he was summoned to appear
at the Coroner's Inquest in Winters, but
failed to do so.
SUISUN. Oct. 30.— The Sheriff's office is
making strenuous efforts to find a young
man named Yi ig, who is beiJeved to be
the murderer cf Albert Anderson at Win
ters on the night of March 3L It is be
lieved he will be under arrest within a
day or two. Sheriff George H. Savage
has been searching the country since Fri
day and has been assisted by Constable
Staton of Dixon and District Attorney
Frank R. Devlin. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The attractive programme at Fischer's
Concert House this week includes many
novelties. Hinrichs' ever-popular orches
tra furnishes the music. Many new fea
tures are announced for next week.
The Chutes has an exceptionally good
kill this week and large crowds are
Jl.ronglng the popular resort.
Arrangements have just been completed
\u25a0whereby Creatore and Ellery's Royal
Italian band are to return to this city
next wee* for a series cf six concerts on
Wednesday, Thursday. Friday and Satur
day night and matinees Thursday and
Saturday at popular prices. The concerts
will be given in Metropolitan Temple the
advance sale for which will open at the
music store of Sherman. Clay & Co on
Saturday morning. This time a reduction
•will be made for season tickets.
TAt the Alcazar "Tennessee's Pardner"
b being «iven a powerful presentation by
the Alcazar stock company. Miss Agnes
Kanken and Frank Bacon having scored
the hits of the piece. The production is
gomewhat more elaborate and the cast
more adapted to the play than that of
lut-t season. Comfortable houses prove
the success of the presentation. Next
v.eek Miss Marion Convere, Miss Marga
ret Wycherly and Henry Shuman will
make their first appearance on this coast
Bt the Alcazar in Augustin Daly's "Nancy
end Company." On election day, Tues
day, November 5, a special matinee will
be civen. .
With the bands a-playing and the drums
a-rolling- the Boone City enthusiasts hold
high revel at the Central Theater In this
•week's production of the "Great North
west," -which is exciting and thrilling
from start to finish. At the Saturday mat
inee 15a of the children from the Pacific
Hebrew Orphan Asylum will attend the
theater in a body. Next week "Northern
Lights" goes on, with Hallett Thompson,
the new leading man, in the principal role.
A specia: matinee will be held on Tues
day, November 5, election day.
* * •
"My Friend From India," at the Grand
Opera-house, is being well patronized.
Walter E. Perkins keeps the house in con-.
vulsions by his humorous delineation of
A. Keen Shaver, a supposed student of
theosophy. Next week he will appear in
"The New Boy." \u25a0 '
Stuart Robson, presenting the brilliant
comedy success, "The Henrietta," will
hold qowti the boards at the Columbia up
to and including next Saturday night.
Sarah Cowell La Moyne will appear in
the r.ew historical play, "The First
Duchess of Marlborough," commencing
next Mcniay night. It was written espe
cially for her by Charles Henry Meltzner.
The present Orpheum programme Is un
usually strong, including, as it does, Lil
lian Burkr.art and her company in "How
to Win a Husband"; the pretty American-
Japar.ese musical comedy, "Miyo San,"
and the dashing and lively "Beaux and
Belles." Miss Burkhart announces for
next week a new playlette by Anna S.
Richardson. "A Leap for Love." The
Outlaw trio, sensational aerial equilibrists,
f direct from the London Hippodrome, will
nake their first appearance Sunday.
The interest manifested in the recitals
by Walter Damrcsch at the California
rest week is far greater this time' than
that shown at his other appearances In
this city. The sale of season tickets,
•which clos;ed last night, reached a figure
far beyond the most sanguine expecta
tions of Managers Ellir.ghouse and Oppen
helmer. The first recital will take place
on Tuesday afternoon at 3:15 o'clock and
will illustrate Wagner's celebrated "Par
sifal." The second recital will be on
Thursday afternoon, illustrating "Die
Miestersinger," while the concluding one
will be on the following Tuesday, with
"Tristan and Isolde" as the opera. Tick
ers for single recitals will b« placed on
EEle this morning at the California box
office.
"Sporting: Life" continues to thrill large
crowds at the California. It will be fol
lowed on Sunday night by that everlast
ing favorite, "In Old Kentucky," with its
strong cast, its big rollicking band of
diminutive darkies and Its realistic horee
race. The play is a work of intense . hu
ir.an intere-st. It tells a wholesome story
cf life in the romantic blue grass region.
Its several exclusive features are indige
nous to the region wherein its scenes are
laid ar.d the celebrated pickaninny band
e.r>d the horse race are component parts
N «^* the dramatic structure. The advance
fjile opens this morning.
• • •
"Carmen" and "La Boheme" have
drawn large and appreciative audiences
this week. . •
Grand opera goes and comic opera re
places it on Monday evening, November
4. at the Tivoli. The management has
secured for the comic opera opening: the
.Pollard Juvenile OpeTa Company. These
f^.rsatile little ones have been trained
from infancy for the stage. They have
been all over the world. They trill begin
their American tour by presenting an
American piece, "The Belle of New York,"
by Hugh Morton and Gustave Kerker.
This pie'ee will give the little actors a
chance to display their abilities. Master
"Willie Pollard, leading comedian, is the
Jchabcd Bronson of the cast. It is said
that he can give points to older singers
in his com?dy work. The belle is played
by Alice Pollard, who has a tine soprano
voice. Two of the smallest of the com
pany are Madge Woodson and Daphne
Pollard. Madge is Fill Fricot, the little
Parisian, end she is the saucy coquette
to the life.
Solano Officers Find Clew
That Solves a Winters
Mystery.
Preparations for Damrosch
Recitals— At the Vari
ous Theaters.
Slayer of Albert Ander
son May Soon Be
in Prison.
Pollard Juvenile Com
pany to Appear at
' the Tivoli.
CHILD SINGERS
IN COMIC OPERA
CLOSE ON TRAIL
OF AN ASSASSIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31, 3901.*
Police and Fire Commissioners Pass Resolutions Congratulating Officers on
Skill and Bravery Displayed by Them in Bringing to the Bar of
Justice the Desperate Criminals Who Have Been Robbing Dwellings
POLICEMEN RECEIVE COMMENDATIONS
FOR CAPTURE OF DARING BURGLARS
GUARDIANS OF OAKLAND'S PEACE "WHO HAVE RECEIVED COMMENDATION FROM THE BOARD OF PO
LICE AND FIRE COMMISSIONERS FOR THEIR CLEVER WORK IN CAPTURING A GANG OF NINE BUR
GLARS THAT HAD BEEN OPERATING IN THE CITY ACROSS THE BAY.
\ The benefit was given , entirely by ne
groes, who contributed songs, speeches
and : a chicken , banauet.
: Mrs. Brown's aged husband lives with
her, and their daughter 13 a schoolteacher.
One son of John Brown is ; buried in the
mountains near ; Pasadena and another
son has removed to the. northern part of
the State. i&sSBSBBBBBBl
PASADENA, Oct. 80.— Mrs. Ruth Brown
Thompson, daughter of John Brown, the
liberator, 'lives in this city and is about
90 years of age. She is in an almost des
titute condition. To-day a committee of
colored , citizens presented Mrs. Brown
with $58 02. the proceeds of a benefit given
on the evening of October 24.
S. B. Carr, a colored politician, was the
chairman, and in his .presentation speech
said the colored citizens yet remembered
old John Brown of Harpers , Ferry, who
died in an effort to free the slaves, and
that as long as the colored folk had money
his" daughter should not suffer.
COLORED PEOPLE ASSIST
JOHN BROWN'S DATTGHTFR
Osborne Appointed Justice,
13THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1901.
14
HELP WANTED-— FEMALE— Con.
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S overall factory, 32% Fremont st; good
wages; no experience necessary: steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS. ' ,
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 18
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-'
Ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
\u25a0 1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora »t
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hax been establisned at 10}*
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & "READ YTTr.TTphon* _fn "w«
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Office open 7 a. in. to-day
Ship Railroad men Free
Railroad Men. Ukiah
C. N. W. H. R.
UKIAH TO-DAY FREE
50 teamsters, Ukiah ...Free fare
to laborers, Ukiah Free fare
SO men, steel and ballast gang, Ukiah. free
tare
FREE FARE FREE FARE
MISCELLANEOUS
4 carpenters, near city, rough work. .$3 day
Blacksmith, city H ao day
Deckhand, dredger $40 and found
Horseshocr, camp. $52; harnessmaker, ranch.
$40 and found
Catholic choreman $20; 5 more laborers to do
mucking, mine, $75; 10 laborers, %i 23 day; 15
drillers, $2 60 day; 15 farm, hands and plow
teamsters, $„ and $30; G thoremen and boys;
3 stablemen
SPECIAL
Blacksmith, sharpen drills, no shoeing. $65;
10 laborers, near city, no experience required,
steady job, $60
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, plain hotel $45 and found
E cooks different places; dishwasher, of fleers'
mess, $20; sausage maker, $40 and founds 8
waiters, MURRAY & I— SADY, 634-636 Clay.
AT C. It. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary it.
....Railroad Work Railroad Work....
Free Fare Free Fare
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
CO drillers and headers $2 to !2 60 day
60 muckers and laborers $1 73 to $2 day
FOR COMPANY WORK
CO laborers, different divisions $1 75 day
FOR EXTRA OANG
60 laborers $1 75 day
....Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare....
Pick and shovel men, mining ditch
$2 25 to $2 50
Drillers for mining ditch $2 50 day
Woodturner, country; farmers, milkers, chore-
men, coachmen and gardeners; others; 2 car-
penters, rough work, $.1 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker and pastry cook, country hotel, $60 and
found; 3 second cooks, country hotels. $50. $40;
second cook, fry cook, broiler. Gentile place,
city. $70, $63, $60; waiters for winter resort
and spring, $22 50; pantryman, country hotel.
$30; porters, country hotels, $20, $23; upstairs
porter. $23; 2 waiters, hotel, city. $25; dish-
washers; veg/tablemen; dishwasher, country
.hotel.- $30; others
C. RJHANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
GERMAN attendant for Invalid. $40: cook and
wife, country hotel: restaurant cook, coun-
try, $C0: fry cook. $50; 2 hotel, waiters, $25;
pantryman, $22 SO; dishwashers, vegetablemen
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st.
FRUIT fanner and wife, $40 to $45; clerk,
country store; 3 machinists, $3 day; coopers,
$35 and found; driver for milk wagon, $30 and
found; 5 teamsters, $2 25 day; 6 laborers fo-
mill yard, $26 and $30 and board; milker, $30
- and found; farmer, $23, and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
A— TWO waiters, first-class commercial hotel,
country. $30. MRS. M. E.' DAY & CO.. 335
Geary st. \u25a0
A SHIRT starcher and' polisher for laundry,
country, $50. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335
Geary st '"
A MAN and wife to cook, small hotel near
city. $45. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st \u25a0 \u25a0
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
69 Third st (near Call bldg.) Phone Bush 403.
'RAILROAD LABORERS
FREE FARE FREE FARE
UKIAH
C. N. W. RY
B0 R. R. teamsters. Ukiah.. $3 to $2 25 per day
60 laborers. Ukiah $2 per day
50 steel and ballast men. Ukiah $2 per day
Carload of laborers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
....Cheap rates to Redding, Shasta County....
....We charter car that leaves here to-day
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay at—
Farmer and . wife- for orchard, $40; rough
carpenter for ranch. $30; 4 winery hands, $30
and fare refunded, no experience required;
driver for milk wagon, $30; clerk for country
store, $60: laborers, sewer work, $2 a day:
scraper teamsters, country, $2 25. a day; pick
and shovel laborers, $2 25 a day.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 28 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Walter, country hotel. $30; half rate ticket
WANTED— A gentlemen of good address and
education who can approach best people; sal-
ary; high-class position for right man. Call
room 61, S09 Market st.
WANTED— First-class window trimmer and
card writer; also wrapper for Salt Lake City.
Call after 10 a. m.. Lick House; J. D.
SMITH.
ERRAND boy about 14 years of age for hard-
ware store: write In own hand, giving age.
schooling and experience: no smokers need
apply. Box- 1707. Call.
COATMAKERS and pants and vest makers
for the country. Apply REISS BROS., 24
Sutter st
WANTED — A first-class window dresser and
salesman for a tailoring establishment Ad-
dress box 1572, Call office.
WANTED— Competent man who Is well versed
- in second-hand furniture business. H.
SCHELLHAAS, 40S Eleventh st. Oakland.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — A bushelman: steady Job for good
man. RAPHAEL'S. t
BOY wanted. JOE ROSENBERG, 11 O'Far-
rell st.
WANTED— Sober man with $75 can make $15-
$18 per week; 'no risk. 78 Third st.. room 2.
2 PORTER'S. 2 dishwashers wanted. Bohem-
ian Club, corner Post st. and Grant ave.
WANTED— Strong boy as assistant porter, etc.
Address box 1493. Call.
BAKER; one who has worked in pie bakery.
Noon hour, 116 Erie st
WANTED — First-class bookkeeper for whole-
sale" commission house. Box US7. Call office.
PRESSER wanted. 656 Mission St., fourth
*; floor. "~,
WANTED— Plumber for ship work. Apply 110
Steuart st
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
ERRAND boy wanted in wholesale house. Ad-
dress In own handwriting box 1595, Call office.
$75— WOMAN wants elderly man for partner
. in cigar store. 257 Fourth st r cor. Folsom.
WANTED— A dishwasher. Apply at 1502 Ken-
tucky St..
BUSHELMAN wanted at 635 Post st. near
Taylor.
BOY to take and deliver orders for meat mar-
ket Box 1593, Call office.
ACTIVE, elderly man for chores; $10 and found-
Box 1591. Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. 637 Brannan
street. \u25a0
MANUFACTURING jeweler: first-class wages.
Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market st
A DISHWASHER wanted at 1502 Kentucky
street. .
WANTED— A middle-aged man to work on- a
farm. Apply 119 Tenth Bf.
ELEVATOR boy wanted. 29 Stockton «t
WAITER. 19 Powell st. A.
BARBERS— Good young union barber wanted
Saturday and Sunday. 1739 Union st 7
WANTED— Cash boys. Apply bet 8 an<l 11
a. m. HALE BROS. (Inc.). * a "
TOR sale— Two-chair barber shoo: no rpamn
able offer refused. 222 Gough st reason '
WANTED— A man to repair gas meters
WIESTER & CO.. 22 Second St.. S. p?
WANTED— Strong. Intelligent boy«, 18 to "0
years, to learn machinist trade. £05 Mission:
A COAT maker for the country. AddIv rpi«;«j
/ BROS.. 24 Sutter st * -»PP»y «tlS>3
W C A o^ T 6fo^wen?y-a he 3 r e. ,&_££ *--**
BOTT wanted to learn Jewelry trade. Box 1938.
f^^^Si^3___r__~^ 5 5
R FoF£ BLE man t0 d0 k "chen -work wanted. I
. 521 Kearny st -vl
tures, located 4 years; cheap. Inquire at Calt. j
FIRST-CLASS presser wanted on ladles' gar- j
menta. f Apply 22 Grunt ave. |
RA .$ ICH . f oreman wanted ; single , man : wages \u25a0
\u25a0 $40; reference.^- Address Box 148§, Call office. !
LOQGIKG HOUSES ' FOR SALE— Con.
FOR gale— Lodging-house near water front; 14
rooms; paying business. Address box 170S.Call.
$700— BAY-WINDOW house; 18 rooms; 3 baths:
rent $44; modern: always full. Box 1427. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^Miai^RTT^RNHA^^
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,
Wed, and Friday evenings. . 1035 Market %t.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m.. 60c. 10SI Bush; p. Larkin 2275.
MRS. J J WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
Jife reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
BROCK WAY'S psychic seance, Sunday, Tues-
day, Thursday. 8:15 p. m. ; 25c; readings dally.
299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night; lCc. 619 McAllister; come, skeptics.
MRS. GILLJNGHAM; hours to 6; phone Howr,
ard 745; no circle this eve. 305 Larkin st.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; articles
read. 10c; will leave city Friday. 14S Sixth.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m... 10c; readlnss
COc and $1. 14S Sixth, r. 12; tel. Howard 1129.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth Bt— Satisfactory
readings. COc and $1; circle every night, 10c.
ARNOLD DICICSON. tells everything; 60c, $1;
full materialization Thura., Sun. eve. 201 Turk.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night, 10c.
HARMACHEIS read this week only 00c; con-
vincing test clr. everybve.. 10c. 332 O'Farrell.
CLAIHVOYAKTS.
JrtME. MrBERNARD~~^ "~™ ~~~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located 11 1 17 Third «t, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you nre in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable ojvlce In all affairs of life;
"5c up: satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
DAGMA, the Egyptian, just arrived from
Egypt, draws aside the uncertain yeans ahead;
happiness nnd success go hand In hand, yet
hundreds fall where success. Is ponslble were It
not for the lack of foresight Into the future;
if you are-ln trouble, unhappy or not satisfied
in life, consult DAGMA. for she Is a prophet-
ess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
.come a proverb In thousands of homes made
happy byhor. 1035 Market st, room 14, third
floor. Office houra 10 a, m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. DR.-F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
?6; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send atamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st; readings by.maiL
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secrt-t; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 26cand up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles SOc.
gents II; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 CO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant anil
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. in.
to 6 p. in. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. n^
Miss M.Wllle,326A Ellist st, greatest of ail crys-
"tal seers; reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings, SOc up; 3 questions by mall $1.
Princess Ishmael. clairvoyant, 100SH Market,
from Alohobar: 1st appearance; read life wlth-
• out ques. ; hrs. 9 a. m.-9 p. m. ; Sun. till 2 p.m.
CARD readlnc: ladles 10c, gentlemen 25c. 625
Minna st., downstairs.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c, gents 60c; readings dally. 132 Sixth St.
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clairvoyant, palmist, glv^s
names: advice all matters. 15S3 Market, nr. 12.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over Etore.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44SVz Jessie Ft., bet 6th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. S Fourth st. '
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN j'ou become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.; steam cleaning, 3c: laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301: 923 Mission.
AMERICAN- CarDet-beatlne . Works— Cleaning.
. Sc; renovated; relaid. 105 14th st. ;tei.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter Bt;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CON'KLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleanins "Works,
333 Golden # Gate ave.; telephone East 121.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vnting Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, - Ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny st, room 307. *
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor. 6 Kddy st. room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. - Room 810. 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 91R Market. Advice fr>>e: tel.' Red 5211.
DENTISTS.
A^DrT ~~t7 ~s7~HIGGfNS. S27~MarkeI~street7
• Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable .prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial 'teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed,' $5 up: a good metal plate, $15;
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. 'you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60. up; plates, extractions free. $4 no. up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, -9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions" or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Fa.rrelI st
A — NEW unbreakable., plate.' the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
COc; plates. $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings. $1; sliver fillings, 60c; gold
or" porcelain crowns. $5: set of teeth. $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tists. 969 Mission st. southeast corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
, on weekly Installments: lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, C4 Sixth st
SET. of teeth without plate. DR. 5! a
" YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ,
DR.R.L. "WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkli»— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-'
'amlner building; 'formerly In Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES. '
'PACIFIC Detective Agency, "''room 619, Exam-
iner building;, telephone John 331; reliable
work and efficient service guaranteed.
DOG HOSPITALS.
1 : L _^
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Oo'.dpn Gate ave. .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st
FRENCH accordion and knife ple'atlng. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL. . ~
H^AXD^S*^CI?56irbT^L_CTmcTL~ENGT
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work: thoroughly
practical; day' and night 24 Post St. S. F. ;
. catalogue free. . --,
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
' $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, . typ-
ing, bookkeeping,- arithmetic,, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat." free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF. MINES. 24 POST. ST.,
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
; all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and- night; catalogue free. \u25a0
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
r MARSH COLLEGE. Is" this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; . catalogue. :
FINANCIAL. J
PACIFYc^Coast' i^U^derVrltinV'ci^'"^^)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing \u25a0 stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-S-9 Parrott bldg._
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and Industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MININO
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
FLATS TO LET.
NEw'uppcr •"lO^rooni flat ; bay window a In every
room; fine grounds and view. Northwest cor-
ner Portola and Duboce Park, off Waller, be-
tween Stelner and. Pierce. '
NEW and Cheap; 6 flats; from $22 60 to $30; 7
rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
marine view. SE. corner Green and Stelner.
O'FARRELL. 1931 and 1933— Modern flats; <
rooms and bath each; yard, basement: reason-
" able rent to good- tenants. \u25a0 .
HAYES, 1747, near Park— Modern sunny flats, 4
and 5 rooms. $14 and. $20; bath; water free.
$22 60— 111 LIBERTY et., near Guerreroi hand-
some flat; choice neighborhood.
A MODERN flat, just renovated j 6 rooms and
bath. 735B Ellis st. "
POST.' 625A— Flat of S rooms; suitable for
offices. t 1 •
ELEGANT sunny flat, t rooms, bath, basement.
yard. Apply at 130 Castro st. near Fifteenth.
TREMONT av., 153 A, near Frederick. Ashbury
"Heights— Upper flat. 8 rooms and bath; new.
VALLEJO, 1220. bet. Hyde and Leavenworth—
Nice flat 7 rooms; rent $20; sun all around. •
FLATS TO LET — KUIIMSLIED.
A NEWLY furnished flat of 7 rooms; must sell
at once. 1S0O O'Farrell st
$25—1517 GOLDEN GATE ave., furnished parlor
floor 4 rooms, etc. ; piano, bath, garden.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Nicely furnished sunny flat, 6 or 7
rooms; will lease. Box 1408, Call of flee.
FltAMES AjyD I'ICTUUES.
CLYDK L. KELLKR. 128-1S0 Hnyes, nr. V. N«m
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FUKMTUR- FOIi SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
BLACK walnut mantel and sideboard; & great
chance for some builder. 760 Howard at.
. f uia it u it l: was t_ p.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413. ,
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis st. ; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, 1 carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
peta; pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
•^
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
il_Li* \VAj.vr__— *'_j>1AL_.
A^MRS. ~ ili : - E. ' DAY & CO ... . Phone Main 1575
.' HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, new hotel, north, fare paid; 15
waitresses, city and country, $i'O and $25; res-
taurant waitress, city. $30; 3 chambermaids
to wait, $20; pastry cook. $30; waitress. In-
stitution. $a)
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Mother and daughter, small American fam-
ily, $40; woman cook, country, $30; woman
cook, city, $30, see party here; many other
choice places for cooking and housework, city
and country; best wages. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO., 335 Geary st.
A— WOMAN cook, $30; 6econd girl, $25, for?
. American family, choice place. MRS. M. E.
DAY &. CO., 335 Geary St.
,A — REFINED middle-aged woman for second
work and care of grown children $20. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
AN experienced chocolate dipper for retail fac-
tory; best wages. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitresses, waitresses, chambermaids
to wait, cooks, laundresses, city hotel, $35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Swedish cook, $30 nurse and light second
work, $20; cook same house, $25; others
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104. Geary St.
A WAITRESS for icecream parlor. $8 a week;
hours 7 until 6:30
C. R. HANSEN & CO.; 104 -Geary st.
•WANTED— 2 Scandinavian cooks, $35, no wash;
5 cooks, plain wash, $25, $30; 2 laundresses,
$25; 7 second girls, $20; hotel waitresses, $20;
restaurant walti esses, $7. $8, $30 a month:
hotel cook, $35; 4 boarding house cooks, $25,
$30; German nurse $25; French nurse, $25;
kitchen helper, institution, $20;' call early. J.
F. CROSETT &CO., 316 Sutter si.
WANTED — By wholesale firm, competent sten-
ographer and typewriter; salary $40, with
suitable increase after one year If proving
satisfactory. Address In own handwriting,
. stating experience, box 1491, Call office.
WANTED— French .'or German girl; waitress
and chamberwork: small family adults; good
wages. Call between 13 and 2 or after 5 p.
m., 1809 California st.
SMALL girl to assist with light housework;
. wages $7. 264 San Carlos ave.; between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth sts., near Mission.
A WOMAN for a position of trust with local
firm ; business experlence^necessary. Box
1571. Call office. '.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
_tr. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — Girl for cooking, laundry and
"downstairs work." Call Saturday .morning, 948
Haisht st - •
OPERATORS on children's wear; work In fac-
tory. I. MAGNIN, 656 Mission, fourth floor.
OPERATORS on fine underwear; work In fac-
tory. I. MAGNIN, . 656 Mission, fourth floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' waists; work In fac-
tory. I. MAGNIN, 656 Mission, fourth floor.
WANTED — A fine talloresa on fine coats. - 850
Market st., rooms 3 and 4.
GIRL to assist In general housework; plain
washing. 1920'Sutter st.
WANTED — A woman to wash dishes in a res-
taurant. 182 Seventh St.
YOUNG girl for general housework Oakland,
2 in family. $20. Box 1494, Call office.
WANTED— A girl who can sew neatly. Apply
1821 Polk st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small washing; $25; references. 1714 G ear y .
WANTED — Elderly "woman to do work for room
and board; little wages. 136 McAllister st.
WANTED— Middle-aged German woman for
light housework. 524 Post st. .
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. 1603
Laguna st. ,
GIRL to do plain washing and chamberwork.
434 Fifth st. .^ . \u25a0 . \u25a0 •••
"YOUNG, girl to assist with housework; good
home; wages $10. 2450 Bush st.
WANTED— A girl to do light housework. 1629
Golden Gate ave.
A LADY for small rooming-house. Call at 255
Stevenson St., bet 6 and 7, evening.
A GIRL, German preferred, light housework.
1053 Market St.. up3talrs. . »
GIRL to attend laundry office and assist in
laundry; $4 per week. 114 Hayes st.
GIRL to rub shirts and collars and assist gen-
erally. Standard Laundry. 114 Hayes st.
HATRDRESSING taught in- 2 weeks; manicur-
ing & facial massage included; course $5; po-
sitions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
waiting. S. F. College, 233 Geary st, room 15.
WANTED-— An experienced waitress; none but
experienced need apply. 20 Third st.
GOOD skirts hands and flitter and neat sew-
' ers for ladles' tailoring. 819 Post st. -•*\u25a0
WANTED— A girl to do general housework in
a family of 3. Call at. 22 Second Et. " \u25a0 \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS waist trimmers. COX. . 1514
Pine st .
WAIST . finishers. . Apply "COX; 1514 Pine st -
PHOTOGRAPHIC retoucher and reception-
room lady. Rembrandt Studio. 850 Market st
AMATEUR singers wanted. 'Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening. \u25a0 - - -
EXPERIENCED • hairdresser " and manicure
' wanted. Emporium Hairdressing Parlor. -
WANTED— Girl in art department of wholesale
house. Apply at 422 Battery st.
EXPERIENCED salesladies for millinery-
good wages; steady position. ( 130 Sixth 6t.
FIRST-GLASS finisher wanted on Jackets and
skirts. Apply 22. Grant ave.
GOOD finisher on pants; also an apprentice
: 935 Market st. room 16. .
WANTED— Lady canvasser. California Rug
Co..' 1278 Union st." \u25a0 \u25a0 •
.A GOOD operator on pants. 36 Geary - st
room 33. '- . -.,\u25a0-. r '
APPRENTICES. to 1 learn, tailoring; paid while
learning.', Belasco & Harris, Co.. 541 Market
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and ; cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary . st',:" -
— EDDCATIOXAL— Con tinned. "^
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
BChool.for. the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. \u25a0;
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech. eur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
\u25a0 era Is TARR, the expert, 230 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st.
Loo Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st;
Say and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH, Latin. Mathematics, Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH.French.etaProf.DeFlllppe'sAcademy
ofLanguages,320Post: estab'd 1871: ablest profs.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. EQc; piano for practice. ' 89 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violln.i
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class/ 424 Pino St.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. ' 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAiPAiNE^E^'^^ailnMrTelir"o? 1 "ail' kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. flush 135.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
. help furnished. 43t) Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESB Intelligence Office— Furnish .most
reliable help. 624 Bush st; tel. Bush BIS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
neee help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flco; all klnria help. 315 Stockton; Main 618S.
BMI'LOYMENT AVA.NTlflD— KEMALK.
COOK with 4 years' references desires a sit-
uation in private family. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter at.
SWEDISH cook; best city references. Call J.
g\ CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St. \u25a0
RELIABLE elderly woman wishes position to
do light housework In small family; good
plain cook; no children; no postals. 611 Stev-
enson St., near Sixth.
WOMAN wtehes washing and Ironing and gen-
eral work^by the day; $1 60 per day. 143
Sixth st., room 22. *\u25a0 \u25a0
COMPETENT dressmaker; good cutter and fit-
ter; dresses made over; latest styles; quick
woiker ; $160 per day. Address 1S41 Mission.
AMERICAN woman desires position; cooking
and housework; moderate wages; no postals.
Please call at 416 Minnie st. ..
A GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
washing, ironing and house cleaning; $1 and
carfare. MRS. SIEBOLD, 4 Elizabeth place.
YOUNG • woman wants a place for : Friday
washing or housecleanlng. Call" evenings at
78 Julian ave., rear, near Fifteenth st.
WANTED— By i2 strong German girls, washing
or any kind of housework by the day; $1 50
per day. Call or address 12S Eighth st.
WANTED^ — Place to care for children and sew;
no objection to country. Call ,110s Railroad
ave.. East Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS laundress or housecleaner wants
work hy the day. Please call at 604 Minna st.
FRENCH young lady with best education
wishes a position in a good family to give
lessons to children. Address E. M., S14 Jack-
son st. > -
RELIABLE woman wishes position to ' do
housework for elderly man 1 and wife; object
good home. Address 339 Sixth st, flat 2..
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework; good references. 635" Natoma st.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagement by the day.
Address A. B., box 1701, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and' respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. -
CLASSIFIED Advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • \u25a0
EMPLOYMENT AV ANTED MALE.
YOUNG man, 26, thorough business education,
good Spanish correspondent, who has trav-
eled in Europe and South America, well ac-
quainted with commission and banking busi-
ness, desires position;- best references on per-
sonal interview; bond if Box 1496,
Call office. ~
FIRST-CLASS | coachman and valet; single;
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; ex-
pert horseman and driver; best ref. and per-
sonal from last employer. Box 1431, Call.
WANTED—A position as bartender, town or
country, by a respectable middle-aged man;
single; speaks German; references. K. G.,
9S9 Howard st
SOBER man, German, 29, speaks and writes
English, wishes position driving grocery,
laundry or' any light delivery wagon or any
other position; references. Box 1592, Call.
YOUNG- man wishes situation as porter In
wholesale store or drive delivery wagon;
speaks English and French. Box 1492. Call.
PHOTOGRAPHER, good all round man, wants
position ; any branch of the business. Address
box 14S6. Call office.
YOUNG man, aged 21, wishes employment do-
Ing anything; experienced grocery clerk and
boxmaker. Box 1570, Call office.
RELIABLE, Intelligent and energetic sales-
man with experience wishes position with
an established house. Box 1594, Call office.
GARDENER, steady, competent and reliable,
wants Situation. Please address box 1C69, Call.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife; wife
is a perfect cook, man perfect gardener and
coachman; lately from the East with the best,
references. Please call or address Humboldt
House, 1309 Stockton st.
A YOUNG man, good habits, seeks position as
bookkeeper or office work of any kind; good
references. Box 1482. Call office.
A STRONG reliable young man with sev-
eral years' experience in liquor work wants
position in any -capacity in liquor or wine-
house; can do barrel repairing; good refer-
ences. Box 1113, Call office.
WANTED— By a young man with much office
and business- experience, a good position;
knows perfectly French, German and Rus-
slan. Box 1705. Call office. \u25a0
YOUNG married man, reliable and sober,
wishes position as collector, watchman • or
driver, etc.; is well acquainted with the city;
references. Box 1704. Call office..
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern man with broad com-
mercial experience, wants position In whole-
sale house or with broker; practical office
man. Box 1481. Call office. -
A YOUNG man with experience as traveling
solicitor and capable of producing business
desires to Identify himself, as salesman, with
an established house. Box 1432. Call office.
WANTED— By a reliable. \u25a0 sober, young man, a
position in a wholesale house, with chance
\u25a0 to rais.e; references given;. bond if necessary.
Box 1500. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants light work in fac-
tory, store or wholesale house; willing to
work for small wages; has good references.
Address S. M., box 2092. Call office. .
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position in private
family; take care of horses and be generally
useful; good worker: good home more object
than salary. Box 1462. Call office. " .
MiDDLE-AGED man' of family, position, as-
sistant bookkeeper, shipping clerk, collector,
cashier: anything. 'Address Steady, box '1728,
Call office. - " -
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with all kinds of
tools," wants steady work any -place or In
factory or wholesale house or as watchman;
Al.'references.'.'M. L., 719V6 Bush St. - - •\u25a0
WANTED— Work as a waiter by a trustworthy
man; has not much- experience; -small wages
. expected. Box ,1956, Call office. •
SITUATION, by young man as stationary engi-
neer at rumping plant ; can. give references.
Box 1459, Call office. . - .'•;- :. ; •
UPHOLSTERER, German, with 3 years expert.
ence, wants . position where he could- learn
.'and better himself. Box 1497, Call office.. -
MAN of 30 wishes • position as ' stableman or
driver; active, willing to work. Box 1498, Call.
A GERMAN man and wife without children,
reliable, desire \u25a0 to take charge of country
place. Box 1731. Call, office. . -. \u25a0
YOUNG man of ability, age 22. wishes to
study under good lawyer; willing ' to work.
Box 1461. 'Call office.
POSITION wanted ' as ;• watchman- by trust-
worthy man. ;- Address A.- H..-' 2993 Folsom st. :
YOUNG man; 22; good appearance; wants posl-
tlon ; at anything ; , references. Box 1730, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
• SAW FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets ; open
until 12 o'clock every niftht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C9 McAllister street; cpen until 9:50 p. m.
£15 Larkin etreet; open ur.til 9:30 p. m.
1T-41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
irei Market street corner sixteenth; cpen
until 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet; cpen until 8 p. ~-
10% Valencia st; open until 9 p. tn. *
Northwest corner Twenty-second ana Ken-
tucky cireets; open until S p. m.
£200 Fillmore t-treet; cpen until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTI^S^
A~6TATED meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge ol Perfection No. 1, A. and A. J7
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be f\
held in Commandery Hail, Masonic JQ* 9
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. ««•*
October a. H .^. R V^ NER , secretary .
A STATED meeting of Yerba fj
Buena Chapter No. 1. Rose Croix, _^r_|
A. and A. Scottish Rite of Free- —ffi
masonry, will be held In Com- 11
mandery Hall, Masonic Temple. HI
on THURSDAY EVENING. Oc- H
tober 31, iS»01. *— •
HENRY BURNER, Secretary^
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.-Spe- «
Clal meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _»V
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Royal Arch JK JSP ;
degree. 13y order of the II. V. . •*&^
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— m '
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- y^>\
Cree. Sojourning brethren ore invited. /Xr »
liy order or the Manter.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. »
_.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) /I
EVENING. October SU at 7:30 o'clock. JXJSv
Third degree. <5Jy order of the Master. *
FRANKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Iiodgs No. 1. •*". and A. \u25a0
M.— The officers and members of the A\
above named lodge are hereby notified TiJ?\
to attend the funeral of our late'^r '
brother, JOHN EDWARD AGAR, at his late
residence. 824 Barilett Ft, near Twenty-fifth,
on THURSDAY, October 31, 1901. at 2 o'clock
p. m. 7*he brethren will assemble In King
Solomon's Hall, ilaeonlc Temple, at 1 o'clock,
and proceed thence to the house. Master Ma-
sons and friends of the deceased are invited.
Hy order of the Master.
FRANKLIN II. DAT, Secretary.
FIDELITY Loose No. 120. F. and A. M. m
—Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) A
EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third de- Kjf
gree. Master Masons cordially Invited, -vi .
By order of the W. M.
fc FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodce No. 120, F. and A. •
M. — Funeral notice: Officers and mem- _fl\_
bers are requested to assemble at Ma- >SL3f
sonic Temcla en THURSDAY, the 81st /V A
lnst. at S:30 a. m., for the purpose of
conducting the funeral ceremonies of our late
brother. MOSES BRUML. late of Woodbridce
Lodge No. 131, Woodbridse. thence to Home
of Peace Cemetery. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from N. Gilman. In the American
House Mine, at the American House, Plumas
Co.. to deposit tailings In a ravine below the
mine; from James A. Modglln. in the Old
Gardiner's Point Diggings, near Port' Wine,
Sierra Co., to deposit tailings In Saw Mill
Ravine: from the California Company, In the
North Hill Placer Mine, near Milton, Cala-
. veras Co., to deposit tailings In Rich Gulch,
cad from L..V. Tefft, In the Lone Star Mine,
near Cromberg, Plumas Co.. to deposit tail-
ings in Jackson Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 5S. Flood build-
ing, San Francisco. Cal.. on November _,
1901. at 1:30 p. m.
\ AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS WANTED^Our great set of Christ-
tnas books now ready. Best and newest books
for children. Colored pictures. Lowest prices.
Beet sellers ever known. Agents selling from
32 to Ca books a da". Also life William Mc-
Kinley and Complete Story of His Assassina-
tion, including Lives of Lincoln and Garfield
and Stories of their Assassination. About 500
«»xtra large pages. Biggest, best book. Superb-
ly Illustrated. Lowest price. Handsome and
valuable premium. 75 per cent to agents. One
book free with each ten ordered. Freight paid.
Credit given. No experience necessary. Outfit
free. Sell the best book. Make the most
money. We give the most liberal treatment.
All orders shipped day they are received. We
own the largest binderies and are the enly
publishers shipping books promptly. HENRY
NEIL. S23 Dearborn «L. Chicago. 111.
AGENTS wanted for "Life of President Theo-
dore Roosevelt": thrilling illustrated bio-
graphy of our youngest President; complete
outfit mailed on recejpts of 25c in stamps; be
first in the field. S. C. MILLER & CO., Port-
land. Oregon.
"LIFE of McKinley"; complete books now
ready; can fill orders for book written by
Marsh&ll Everett cr Murat Halstead; best edl-
tiors published; outfit free. S. C. MILLER
& CO.. Portland. Or.
INCREASE your income $10 to $25 per week;
no canvassing, no soliciting; strictly legiti-
mate; no capital required: stamp for partic-
? ulars. P. O. box 501. Oakland. Cal.
AGENTS— Do you xrant something more profit-
able and easier to f>«H than books or lnsur-
ance? Ad F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy !n-
fantx. Dr. Emllle Funke.1416 *th St.. Alameda.
ASPHALTU5I UOOFIXG.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsotn 2477.
ASTKOLOGV.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist; complete life
reading. 50c: by mall. f>0c. 1163 Market at
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL. attorney. 314
Montgomery et — Divorces, private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; . collections; suits;
titles perfected; documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought; money loaned; insurance 30c
on $100. P. B. TRAVERS. evenings, 418>4 Post.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections ; attach— en ts ; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships; deeds; wills drawn;fees low; open
eve's. THURSTON, 1008^ Mkt, r. 4, opp. 5th.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
\u25a0wills deeds, etc., prepared: charge low; eetb.
IS years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, 850 Market et
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, elxth
floor, 916 Market — Legal business of all kinds
solicited; advice free; able bouy of attorneys.
ADVICE free; moderate fee If successful; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. STJ Market St. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Et: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Kicbanse.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up;
send for bargain list LEAVITT _ BILL.
8C3La.rkin.Et. . " -V- : -
BOAROUG FOR CHILDREN.,
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California st
BOOKS SEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 2958.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of erery description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHAJVCES.
A— $450; SALOON, living rooms, cheap~rent;
surrounded by warehouses; opposite freight
depot. Call It G. WILKE, 26& Kearny st.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar: living rooms;
cheap rent; best part of the Mission; see and
make an offer. K. G. WILKE, 25ft Kearny.
A— $1000— CORNER grocery and bar doing a
large cash business; splendid bar trade; rent
J~j; sickness of wife only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26>i Kearny st.
A— $1250— BAKERY and restaurant; established
for years;" doing a first-class paying business
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny Bt.
A — $250 — DELICACY and pork Etore. with 3
living rooms; rent $14; business established
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26ft Kearny st
A— $1000— LIQUOR etore on Market st; estab-
lished many years, doing a good paying busi-
ness; investigate and you will find a splendid
bug'.ness offer. R. G. yiLKE, 26ft Kearny.
GROCERY and bar In the Mission $650
Grocery, notion and stationery store 250
Orocery; enao; Invoice $700; must go 350
Grocery, delicacy, branch bakery; rent t25 325
Notion, stationery, candy, bakery; rent $15 250
General Etore, up country; 80c on dollar.. 4500
If you want a Bnap we have them.
DECK & CO.. S27 Market «t. room 208.
HAN with $300 in office bi'slness; experience
not necessary. DECK. 827 Market Ft. rm. 208.
1300- PARTNER wanted In light business; sat-
isfied with $20 a week; no experience re-
quired; trial Eiven. 935 Market Bt., room 14.
GROCERY and bar. 3 living, rooms; bears full
investigation. Call at 935 Market, room 14.
CIGAR etore, \ery good corner,* at a bargain.
Call at S£) Market Et. room 14.
jjnTSIXESS Contlnned.^
FOR sale— The oid established . grocery busi-
ness with bar attached at the SE. corner of
Ellis and Polk sts.. No. 745 Ellis St.; busi-
ness established twenty-five years.
Also the well-known saloon and eating-
house at *the NE. corner of Twentieth and
Illinois sts.. Potrero, one block from Union
Iron Works.
. Sale Is caused by death of one partner and
departure of the other partner.
Terms cash. Bids may be made for either
place separately, or for both places together,
and left with WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS,
No. 401 California ft., room 20, on or before
November 6. 1901, Bids subject to objection.
$1400-COL*NTRY hotel In railroad town of 25.-
000; contains 40 rooms well furnished; barroom
and dining-room; 40 regular boarders; rent
only $75 per month; clears over $200 per
month; books open for inspection; bargain in
this; ill-health only cause of sale. C. F.
MOORE. S35 Market st.. room 6. .
ROOMING and boarding houses, hotels, fiats,
stores and business places of every description
cold ond exchanged. McBRIDE & CO.,' 933
Market »t. ; phone Folsom 450. .-
FOR SALE— A good saloon on Market st; on
account of death will be sold at a bargain; no
agents. McLEOD & HATJE. 515 Market st.
J300— RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE,
K~ Mission tt
A FINE business, not telling but giving away:
call and eee. FISHER & CO., 935 Market St.;
phqne Folsom 1592. .
A k -J35O; Beautiful Market-st. cigar stand sacri-
ficed. Ask HEDGES. 461 and 462 Parrott big.
A— CIGAR stand: SO to select from; $100 to $lC00.
Ask C. L. HEDGE3.-461-462. Parrott building.
A— DELICACY store in first-class running or-
der; snap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
$200— PARTNER: commlslon business; clears $75
month to each. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
J5000
AN Investment of $5000 which will pay yearly
a profit of $3000 to Investor; Industrial enter-
prise; parties dfflring Interview address A.
B.. box U73. Call office.
FOR rale — One of the best transient corner sa-
loons In city; established 20 years: with 44
newly furnished rooms: will sell together or
separate; price $COCO. Box 110$. Call office.
PLAY a system nnd beat the races; this Is not
a H'lifmc, but a straight business proposition.
Racing System. CSS Fourth st.
GROCERY business; cheap rent: will be sold
at a nacriflde. 120 Battery et. ______
$350— CORNER grocery and bar; fine location;
cheap rent. Box 14S9. Call office.
BARBER chop. 3 chairs; profits $40 week;
cheap; no agents. S03 Kearny st
FOR exchange— A full-rlscged topmast schooner,
A No. 1; now earning $200 net per month: al-
ways In demand. Address R. W.. postoffice
box 364, Alameda.
PARTNER with $1000 to take half interest in
first-class restaurant with fine business. Ap-
ply C22 Market et., room 23.
SALOON: best transient corner in the heart of
city; very fine trade; selling account of other
business; only $1500. Box 1600, Call office. .
GOOD paying restaurant for sale; 32 years in
came place; account sickness. 207 Third st.
$1000— PARTNER wanted in dyeing and laundry
business. 1421 Point Lobos ave.
FOR sale— Cheap established saloon; good busi-
ness; first-class place. 12 Jackson Et.
RESTAURANT, 410 Kearny. for half its value
to-day.
SPLENDID business opportunity with small
capital. Box 15SS, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery; on account
of death. Inquire at 1697 Folsom st.
COAL and wood yard for sale. Apply 6C3
Halght st. ; '
J250-RESTAURANT: cost $1000; rent $30; sound
value. D. McRae Furniture Co.. 837 Mission.
$40— RESTAURANT and coffee saloon' to-day;
secure it. Apply furniture store* 837 Mission.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
$350—7 ROOMS; near Sixth and Market; cost
$600; must sell. Apply DECKER, 1020 Market.
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
S rooms; on Mission -». $275
9 rooms'; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best .'. 20U0
12 rooms; large yard 1500 ;
40 rooms; boarding 4500
17 rooms; fine corner J... 1350
60 rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room flat on McAllister st 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
S rooms; fine yard 350
10-room houEe;'n"ne location 425
24 rooms; on Geary Et.... 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient: only $400 cash.; ... T50
5 rooms; fiat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0 SOO
' 24 rooms; on Market st; clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason st; new 750
22 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H, C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
Al TRANSIENT HOUSE.
Good corner: money maker for light party;
don't fall to see this bargain; easy payments.
RETSLOFF. D06 Market st
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
11 rooms on Ellis; a bargain $325
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $S5 5uO
S3 rooms; grand transient location. 2,200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1,203
£0 rooms; best in the city 2,300
13 rooms; fine furniture 1,050
£1 rooms; corner; part cash 1,500
28 rooms; piano; clears $U0; payments.... 400
I'll rooms; grand corner; clears $600 6.950
42 rooms; cost $12,000 to furnish 7,000
6 rooms; $125 cash, balance payments.. 350
40 rooms: always rented: sacrifice 1,250
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1,600
110 rooms; modern; hotel; clears $600 10,000
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 631
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906" Market Et " \u25a0
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
850 Market et :Tel. Davis 2S1
WE HAVE NEW 45-KOOM HOUSE. WE
FURNISH TO YOUR ORDER. WE WILL
SELL IT TO YOU AT YOUR OWN PRICE-
PART CASH.
.36 rooms; good income $2,600
18 rooms; Folsom st 750
17 rooms; good transient location... 1,500
15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn 1,400
6 rooms; fine furn.; a nice home 700
5 rooms; a bargain '....... 650
13 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500
16 rooms; fine condition; all rented 1,600
19 rooms; modern house; fine furn 2,500
21 rooms; well furn.; good Income 2.600
18 rooms; good location; pays well 1,500
6 rooms; good furn. and carpets 500
100 rooms; elev.; furn. and carpets new. .10,000
40 rooms; new furn. and carpets; lease.. 5,000
AT once — Lady with few hundred dollars to
manage Al rooming-house with boarders.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market St.
___________
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains. ,,
fa r.; rent $175; Al loc; carp., fur.; full..$5500
28 r.; rent $100; hotel and bar; 30 board's. 2500
26 r.; rent $75; Market; well fur.; pays.: 1000
14 r.: rent $60; good furn., Inc $105 1000
19-r. : rent $25; cor.; fine flat; pays well.. 475
8*r. : rent $35; water free; good home.... 300
7 r.; rent $35; Ellis; modern flat 600
6 r.; rent $35; fine little flat 275
Flats, « to 14 rooms. $150 to $1000......
Private residences, 7 to 28 r., $250 to $3000.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED—
IT rooms; rent $50; clears $55; only $1000
19 rooms; rent $55; lease; part cash...;... 1600
22 rooms; rent $100; elegant place 3150
£5 rooms; must sell; make offer 1000
41 rooms; rent $87; money-maker 2200
£4 rooms; rent $65; part cash 10C0
27 rooms; business corner; cheap rent 1800
28 rooms; rent $50; clears $100 :.... 900
40 rooms; cheap rent; north of Market 3800
1 120 rooms; rent $110; prollts $1600 yearly... 3500
•WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market Bt
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market Et. rms . 1, 2.
Tel. Black l-S-0-3; office near Call bldg.
He has 4 salesmen. Business is booming.
He has 3 ladles canvassing for lodging-houses. .
Get his free list of 541 lodging-houses.
He has money to loan; payable monthly or
yearly. Itemized inventory with every house.
A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE.
Several good city and country hotels.
Houses, prices and terms to suit all buyers.
A— 10 ROOMS; Ellis st; rent $32 60; only... $300
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; only 725
16 rooms; Leavenworth: good carpets; fur. 700
£? rooms; Market St.; rent $40; good house 550
Slany more bargains; get our 11st first.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market St.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, hi all Darts of the city: get our
llEt first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
FOR rale at great bargain, price $1400, 37-room
house on Market st; rent $50; must be sold
at once. McBRIDE & CO.. 993 Market st.
$900— 14-ROOM house, a bargain: half cash,
balance to suit purchaser. McBRIDE & CO..
993 Market st . . ' .-.,',
FOR Eale— At a great sac/lflce a 100-roomed
house paying $150 per month; rent $65; price
$1500. 993 Market st McBRIDE & CO.
23 ROOMS; clears $65; rent $65 stO
9 rooms; rent $20; clears $30 226
20 rooms; rent $50; water free 700
14 rooms; rent $25; snap; south 330
15 rooms; north Market; rent $75 1050
44 rooms; 8 front rooms and good location. 2000
We have other snaps besides these -
DECK & CO.. 827 Market st. room 208.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses,
hotels and business chances can.be found at
the office of FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st-
phone Folsom 15S2. -1 '
____________________________
BUYERS— Before buying a houee go to
G. *W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st, opp. Mason.
He can suit you ' In houses • and prices.
• HELP WA.VTED— MALE--C0H. f
WANTED— Reciuits for the marine corps u
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ases of -21 and %• cot
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 8 f C et 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
lurther information acpiy at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st-. s an Francisco.
I00O MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tuanel, brusa
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cai.; apply O u
work; steady work, good board ana best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St., room 23. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third stu 150 larga
rooms; 25o per night; $1 to $2 per*>week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEG-E. 635 Clay st.
COAT, vest aud pants makers wanted, apply
11 a. m.. Stevenson st entrance. CHARLES
LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED— 8 good teamsters; steady work.
Apply to J. O'SHEA. 2030 Seventeenth at..
corner Vermont.
WANTED— For Seattle, a first-class dyer and
•courer. PARISIAN DYE WORKS. 1413 1st
ave. Apply 248 Twelfth St.. city.
METAL engraver and wood engraver for Salt
Lake;' fare paid if necessary; can work to
repay. Box 14'J9. Call. ,
BOY In gent's furnishing store; must underT^
stand something of the business and ma'*a *
himself useful; $5 per week. 523 Valencia st.
AN experienced label cutter wanted. Abram-
ron-Heunlsch Glass Co. Printing Department.
Main tt.
INTELLIGENT BOY wanted for tin ind hard-
ware store: a good chance to learn the buai-
ness. Apply Box 1361. Call office.
COOP shoemaker for repairing at 30H Clay «.
SEVERAL good agents: good proposition. Ap-
ply Royal Port Co.. 143 Seventh st.
WANTED— Iron molders and machinists, at
, 606 Mission st.
McDONALD & PERRY have S09 pair* second.
hand shoes for sale; SOo up. 241 Third st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; _o
to SOc. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and Id sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION attjr.. E. A. Hullls. r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C9&
Valencia st.
1IORS-S ASP WAUOXS.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses. Just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON\ at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1733 Market st. __
DO not fail to attend, the special auction sa^CL*
"Wednesday. October 23. at 11 a. m.. at thai
Arcade Horse Market 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney; all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth St.
WANTED— Horse, buggy and harness for
board and care; good care given. Address
C. H. D., 211 Fulton st
FOR sale — Good, strong wagon horse; works
single, double or In saddle. 1633 Ellis st.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; gound,, gentle. E. 9.. 721 Howard at.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 805 G. G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry."!
baker's. 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St.. S. F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMESE.V & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$18 -6-ROOilS; near Powell and Washington,
or will sell: $CCO cash, balance $?5 per month.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 616 Market sf. <
HOUSES TO LET Fl'R.tilSHGD. "
$100— MAGNIFICENT 10-room newly furnished
home for rent; all improvements; electric
lights; furnace; two bathrooms, etc.; Presi-
dio Heights: marine view. Box 1607, Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Either in Alameda or San Francisco,
October 2j. a chamois bag containing $30 bill,
diamond sunburst, a pearl and mounted min-
iature, etc. Finder will be suitably rewarded
by notifying parties at 27CO Central ave.,
Alameda. -
LOST— A foxterrier bitch, yellow head and ears,
black spot over tail. Return to 814 Page st.
• and receive reward.
LOST— On Monday. October 21. one dress pat-
tern of black silk; liberal reward. Return to
MISS CALLAHAN. 330 O'Farrell st.
MONDAY— Small gold watch, long chain at-
tached; marked in case "Ira to Emily." Re-
turn to 639 Ellis st. and receive reward.
LOST— 2 foxterriers; brown and white. Return
to 731 Seventh ave. and receive reward. •
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In th«
name of ARMIN B. LEUPOLD; No. 200-137.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — On Folsom street car, S. F.. 8 p. m.
Sunday, telescope containing purse and
ladies' apparel. Return to 272 Thirteenth St..
Oakland ;"Feward.
LOST— Scotch collie dog. Return to 2326 Fol-
som at., and receive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the \u25a0 Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs olt£-j
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
3IATTRESSES A.\D I»IL_OWS. '
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al caroet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st. •
tel. Bush 421.
. jUILLIXERY. — —
STRIKING original designs, becoming effects
new or old material. M. Oliver. 97SA Geary.
—————__- __
DR. O'DONNELL-All who are sick and la
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have,
been relieved by my medical treatment- frea
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaint*
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal Unl verslty. Ber-
lin: 2o years' experience in midwifery cases:
utmost confidence can be placed In her: takes
& treats ladies before & during confinement*
best care, attention; confinement $15; board 54
week; infants adopted. 3327 18th et.; Mls?:on-
st. car3: consultation free; phone Capp 2*03.
MRS. D. WYETH and Mrs. Kohl, reliable
ladies specialists for female complaints; in-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience:
private home before and during confinement.
410 O'FatTell st.. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
HINDOOHERB AND MR3. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity borne- homa
In confinement. 1126 Market st. 3. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable la*
dies' specialist; a prlv. home before and dur-*
Ing confinement; best medical care; low feea.^
TH £ or '8 lnal MRS. DAVIES Is still located ap
1228 Market; maternity home provided: offlca
houra 10 a. m. to t p. m. and S to 8:30 p. m.
DR and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists: —
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice in
S. F.; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market
DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st.. opp.
union square: all diseases cured bv horba.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOH SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery^ Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second band: we always have a large stock of.
saloon outfits on hand; 32 completa outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
, In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019 1021. 10_
Ml— lop st.. above Sixth; wrtta for catalogue.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Rlsdon Iron
Worksycor. Howard and Beale sts.
LOT machine shOD tools, lathes, planers, sbap-
ers. etc.: also wood-worklns tools, such aa
band caws, wood planers, shapers. stickera.
rnortisers. saws, etc J. B. JAKDINE, 220
Fremont st.
A NEW system of buying diamonds, washes,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc is being in-
augurated at the Portland Loan Office _k
* Stockton st. AH you need Is a very ainfft
deposit. '. . \u25a0 »5r.
JEWELRY for sale- diamonds, prectows stone*
bought T. FERSHTAND. !„ Kearny st.
room 29.
CHEAP— 4 hp. gasoline engine, steam pump, t
saw arbor, all -kinds tool*. 546 Mission %-McGLEW— In this city, October 30, 1901, Annie,
beloved sister, of John B- McGlew and. Mrs.
L. L. James, a native of San Francisco.
. IC"Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi
dence, 1575 Folsom street, thence to St. Jo
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . . *i
McGUIRE— In Oakland, at 1017 Seventh street.
October" 30, 1901, Francis C. McGuire. 'beloved
husband of the late Bridget C. McGuire, and
father of Frank J., Joseph H., Frederick XV.
and Acnes L. McGuire, Mrs. W. J. McKe*
and Mrs. Clara Schwcichler, a native of Ire
land, aged SI years.
ROBINET— In this city, October 29. 1901. Eu
gene Robinet, beloved uncle of Mrs. N. Dim
mer and Mrs. V. Balmforth, a native of
France, aged 74 years 9 months and 9 days.
Sr^Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
November 3. at 1:30 o'clock, from hl3 late
' residpnee. 7S2 Folsom street, thence to Ma
sonic Hall, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, where services will be held under th-j
auspices of La Parfaite Union No. 17.
SHEPARD— In Berkeley. October 30, 1901. John
L. N. Shepard, husband of Cordelia M.
Thomas, and father of Madeline. Louise and
Evelyn Shecard. Mrs. Craven, Mrs. Charles
PI . Eells and Mrs. Mark B. Kerr. aged S4
years.
\u25a0 E^Notlce of funeral later.
SOUTHERN— In Kara. October 30. 1901. Ella
J. Southern, beloved wife of James J. South
ern, daushter of Mr. and Mrs. Pierce, and
sister of Mrs. William Sawyer and Mrs.
Henry Stratton,' a native of California, aged
34 years 11 months and 28 days.
B3"Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully-invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STEWART— In thl3 city, October 23. 1901.
Mary." beloved wife of George Stewart,
mother of May Stewart, daughter of the lato
•John snd Mary Lynch, and sister of James
Lynch and the late Margaret RobI, a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years.
THOMAS— In this city, October 29. 1901, Mrs.
Maggie Thomas, beloved wife of James A:
Thomas, a native of South Wales, aged 3o
\u25a0 years and 14 days.
C?"Remair.s at Charles J. B. Metzler"s un
dertaking Darlors, 636 Washington street.
WIEBOLDT— In this city, October 29, 1901,
Herbert Edward, dearly beloved and only
child of William and Marie Wleboldt. a na
tive of San Francisco, A aged 4 months and
17 days.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-da>
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
' of his Darents. 937 Sutter street, between
Leavenworth and Hyde. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. • !__
Fred H. Meyer (owner) with John Stahl (con
tractor), architect Fred H. Meyer— Grading,
foundations, carpenter work. . painting and
(dazing for two 2-story frame buildings (1
flat?) on lot on N line of Lombard street, 106:2
E of Broderick, E 73 by N 137:6; J7S50.
Builders' Contracts.
liTT GRAND HOTEL. *
A W : Keck, Kas City 1 L Squire, New Tork
H S Morrison, N Y^ C A Libby & w. Me
C C Brackln, Cal M J Silvia. Cal
J B Hlgglns, Mexico I M Aronson, New Trk
G K Pike. Lindsay W T Selleck, Los Ang
G T DeWitt, Lindsay Mrs Bruml, Lockeford
J F Eshelman, Seattle Mrs Daly, . Lockeford
O Scribner & w, L A J L Bruml, Lockeford
J S Davies, New York I H M Bruml, Lockford
Mrs A Irwin,- Phoenix J G Priestly, M d
Mrs J O Griswold, Or' Lockeford •_ . '
d E Kennedy, LivrmrelJ B Cory, Acampo
J- Johnson, Watsonville G Favlnger, Lockeford
A B Fitzgerald&w, Va G R Garrettscn, LckM
C R Rockwood, L A L M Bates, Kans City
J Flanagan, Mendocino G L Southworth Sacto
J C Foy,. Los' Angeles Mrs Southworth, Sacto
B : Davis, Cal '" ,' \ :A H Schwnbel, Cal'
J F Woods, Cal C Keena, Auburn
E M Wilkenson, Cal- W T Culver&w Mich
J A Henderson, Wintrs S P , Boland, San Jose
0 Morosco & • w, -L' A L F Moulton, Colusn
D S Van Meter, Cal C B Walker, Ft Bras*
H Cochran. Syracuse Wm McBrlde, Portland
XV "R Simons, Pasadnal
PALACE HOTEL.
E Brown & w. Mass J Z Sticht, US N
Dr T Flint & w, Cal J E O'Marra. Chicago
C H Wharton & w. WR Ramsdell. S Dies
Dawmn,- , •\u25a0\u25a0 !-, H-M Swaney & w, -.
H F Herr, Dawson , .' Honolulu
D Forbes. N Y L H Howe. N Y •
F G Killord, USA- M.J Horton. Bristol •
W M Gamble & w, Cal A A Sanford, N Y •
C M Hollenback. N Y J Y Jeanes & w. Pa
J Morris, N Y ' F B Meslck, w & ch,
KWRoss,'U S N NY- ,
WPMcIntosh, Sunset W G Ebbs, NY
WE Wolf & w,.N Y C J Bresiau. San Jose
J McAIpine. Minn - J W Robinson. Chicago
J E Markell. < Omaha Mrs O Wall, Phiia
\u25a0 W F Bond Jr.. Omaha R Jackson, Nev .
F C.Paulin,' Los Ang H Asephs, NY".
W E Brunett, Toronto Mrs Mariner, NY
N P Pape Sr. N.-Y? F L Kincaid. Stockton'
1 Prcsch, NY- \u25a0 \u25a0 : H Gerber.. Sacto •.--.
G.W Sanborn & w. Or L H Shepard. . Boston •
J S Slausson & w, L A W. A Prendergast, N Y
D'J.: Campbell *& .w, J Emmett, England ; •
San M-too.-<«B»SMJSM»^raifc< ; --;--- v .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Patrick Dunn to - Angelo and Maria Lecaro
let on N W line of Arlington . street, 158 NE
from M'suel. NE 58 by.NW 100, block IS, Falr
meunt Tract: $10.
'<\u25a0 Giuseppe Franco to G. Varsl, lot on NE line
of San . Bruno avenue. \u25a0 61:1% SE from Paul
avenue. SE 61 :V&, E ?2:4%. N 50, W 118, block
7, Garden Tract Homestead Addition ;- '
- J. McMullen (by attorney) to Frank Elvander,
lot on NE line of Fifteenth (Tenerlffe) avenue
J50 SE from L street- South, - SE 25 by NE 10o|
lot 12. -_ block: 288. '\u25a0 South f San Francisco Home
stead i and Railroad Association : $40. • \u25a0 .
James -H. Peterson (by H. M. . Covert, at
torney) . to Monarch Mutual Building and Loan
Association, * lot . on - SE corner; of Elfert and
Catherine Hannan (widow) to Mary F. F!ynn
jot on S line or Clement street, 32:6 W froni
Twenty-third avenue. W 2T» by S 100: $10 ~
Nnrbert C. ami Bessie S. Babin to Spring
Vallev Writer Works. I lots 1035 and ' 1057 Gift
Map 2: UZ0. J . . ' ."
c^rrr-nn Bu'lr.In^ and Loan Association \u25a0 tc
Elizabeth J. Woodall.(wifo of B. F.), lot on E
line r,t' otanyan ftreet. 1S6:9 S from Seven
teenth, S 25, E. 155:6, N.4 degrees 50 minute*
XV 25:QH. W 157:2. lot 10, block 4. Map of Suh
divlsion 1. Clarendon Heights; $10. ,
Wilson Estate Company "(a corporation) and
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company (a
corporation) to Sanitary Reduction Works of
San Francisco fa corporation). P. N. block 167
bounded on N by Alararda. E by De Haro, S
by El Dorado and W by Rhodo Island streets
200 by 4C0, quitclaim deed: $1.- -
Daniel J. 1 Brennan 1 to Rose \u25a0 Brennan. lot on
S line of California street. 93 W from Nlne
ternth avenue. W 23 by S 100; gift.
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company (a
corporation) and Wilson Estate Company (a
corporation) to Henry M. Tiee. lot on NW cor
ner of Bryant. (avenue) and Sixteenth (Center)
streets. N 125. \W 100. N 105. W- 100. S 130 E
60. S 100, E 15:9. N 100, E 45. S 100, E 89:3; also
quitclaim deeds to- Jot on N line of Sixteenth
street. 65:9 E from Florida, N 100 by E 43: J10.
Bertie Merritt (Bailey) to Roland H. Merritt.
undivided half of lot on W line of Alabama
street, 104 N from Twenty-first (Shasta), N 28
by w 100: $500. •
Jemima A. and Arthur W. Bogart to Harry,
C Jensen, lot on SE corner of Halght street
and Masonic avenue. E 87:6. by S 25; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Thomas
Denigan, lot.On NE corner of Fifteenth and
Shotwell streets, N 110, -E 122:6., S 25, W 37:6,
S 85, W 85; $ . '
Same to Julius Huttmann. lot on NW cornet
of Fifteenth and Folsom streets, N 35 W 85
N 50. W 75, S 85, E 160; $ . •
Anna B. and Herman Stelljes (by Edwin
Schwab, commissioner) to Germania Building
and Loan Association, lot on E line of Sanchez
street. 202 S of Sixteenth, S 28 by E 90; $2640.
Fernando and Julia. A. Nelson to John and
Catherine Gateley. lot on N line of Eighteenth
street. 125 W of Hartford. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Estate of Emma L. S. Mangels (by executors)
to Philip Maher, lot on SW corner of Twenty
third and Mission streets, S 83:9}j by W 125;
$30, COO.
Ansley G. and Rebecca M. Davis to John
Donnelly, lot on SW corner of Harrison and
Twenty-sixth streets, W 25 by S 90; $10.
George Schmidt and A. C. Freese, administra
tors of the estate of Anna Schmidt (by H. M.
Covert, commissioner) to Monarch Mutual
Building and Loan Association, lot on E line
of niamen.? street, 39 N of Jersey, N 25 by E
80; $2024. . .
Giovanni B. Cevasco to Rudolph Riemer, lot
on N line of Filbert street. 137:6 W of Hyde,
W 22 by N 157:6; $3300.
Margaret Munro (widow) to John V. Lane,
lot on NE line of Stanford street, 125 NW of
Townsend, NW 25 by NE 70; $5125.
Lizzie K. Dana (Sherman) (wife of H. S.) to
Amelia E. Sherman (widow), lot on N corner
of and Howard streets, NE 125. NW 80
SW.50, NW 5. SW 73, SE 85, quitclaim deed;
Antoine and Gracie Borel (by attorney) to
Jacob and Lizzie C. Walcom, lot on SW corner
of Bush and Broderick streets, W 34 by S
ioc: $10. -
Rachel V. and Thomas W. \u25a0 Fisher to Petei
P. and Thomas McDonough, lot on N line of
Bush street, 75 W of Lyon, W 25 by N 75;
&300.
A. F. and Mary T. Morrison to Constance
A. Meeks and Blanche T. Heath, lot on S line
of Hayes street. 163:3 E of Masonic avenue. E
25 by S 137:6; $10.
Eliza C. Herbert (formerly Eliza K. Comer
ford, individual and executrix estate of Joseph
M. Comerford) to Mary A. Freeman, lot on N
line of McAllister street. 106:6 W of Parker
avenue, W 25. N 97:8, NE 25. S 98:6%; $1650.
Clementina McDonald (widow) to Rosalie J.
Colombat (widow), lot on SE'line of Minna
street, 226:8 SW of Tenth. SW 41:8 by SE 80;
$10.
.City and County of San Francisco to Geor
giana E. Harvey.^lot on E line of Shotwell
street, 173 S of Seventeenth, S 50 by E 122:5;
Daniel J. Cooney to Maggie C. Juzix and An
drew Cooney, lot on N line of Hancock street,
160 E of Sanchez. E 25 by N 114; gift.
Elizabeth Laver (administratrix of the estate
of Augustus Laver) (by H. P. Umbsen, commis
sioner) to Mutual Savings Bank, lot on SE line
of City Hall avenue (Park avenue), 173 NE of
City Hall Square (City Hall avenue), NE 23 by
SE 100. City Hall lot 54; $72CO.
Martin F. Quinn (by attorney) to Congrega
tion Beth Menachaim Streisand (a corporation),
lot on E line of Russ street, 110 N of Folsom, E
10O by N 50: $6000.
Potrero Land and umprivement Company to
Emma D. Anderson (wlte of W.), lot on N line
of Twenty-second (Sierra) street, 25 W of Min
nesota, W 75 by N 100; jrrant. -
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Adllnda W.
"Wandka, lot on W line of Forty-eighth avenue,
10O N of J street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
William A. and? Barbara A. Boole to W. A.
Boole & Son (a corporation), undivided half of
following: lot on NW corner of K street and
Tenth avenue, W 240. N 460:10, NE 241:4, S
485:5- also lot on SE corner of J street and
Tenth avenue, E 240 by S 300; also lots 1 to 11,
Academy Tract; $10.
State of California (by J. H. Scott. Tax Col
lector) (property assessed to Louis Blank) to I.
H. Lichtensteln, lot on SE line of Paris street.
100 SW of China avenue, SW 50 by SE 100,
block 18. Excelsior Homestead Association; $130.
Same to same, lot on SE line of Paris street,
150 SW of China avenue, SW 75 by SE 100,
block IS, same; (200. - t
Mary, Thomas and Margaret Quinn, William
Rigby Jr., Garrett Burke and William E. Jack
son (by E. C. Lyles, commissioner) to James E.
Damon, lot on SW line of Thirty-sixth avenue
South, 150 SE of L sitreet South, SE 100, SW
100 SE 50, SW 100, NW 213:11H, N 15:11. NE
89 :o\i, SE 75. NE 100, lots 6. 13 to 15 and portion
of lot 5, block 52, 'Paul Tract Homestead Asso
ciation; also lot on NE line -of Fifteenth avenue
South, 225 SE of M street South. SE 75 by NE
100. lot 12, block 289, South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; also lot
on SW line of Thirty-sixth avenue South, 250
SE of L street South, SE 50 by SW 100, lot 5,
block 52, Paul Tract Homestead Association;
$1500.
Margaret F. and John P. Hlghtower to James
Hall, lot on E line of Webster street, 25 S of
OlFarrell. S 25 by E 90; $10.
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to Her
bert Roper, lot on S line of Lake street, 107:6
W of Fourth avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
-William .J. • Button and Ira Pierce to Henry
F. Dutton. lot on N line of Jackson street,
211:2 2-5 E of Broderick, E 31:10 4-5 by N
127:8%; $5.
A. B. McCreery to Camillo M. Solarl, lot on
N line of McAllister street, 100 E of Lyon, N
137:6 by E 25; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
F J. and Dell C. Woodward to Edward
Mandonnet. let on S line of Geary, or Thirty -
ninth street. 100 W of Telegraph avenue. W
5i) S 122:6. E 50:1. N 123:5. lot 4. block 2071.
Map Evoy Plat attached to referee's report In
partition suit of Mary A. Mulliken vs. Mary
J Evoy et al. Oakland: $10.
George Douglas (single) to J. E. White (mar
ried) lot on SE line of Twenty-sixth avenue.
100 NE of East Eleventh street. NE 23 by
SE 100. lot 4, block G. Knowles and Potter
subdivision of Kennedy Tract, subject to mort
gage of $1200, East Oakland; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Marie E.
Perry, lot on S line of Rose street. 40 W of
Walnut; W 40 by S 100. block 4. Antlsell Tract,
map. of resubdivlslon blocks 3 and 4 of said
tract Berkeley: $10.
Oakland Paving Company (corporation) to
0 W. Burr, lot on S line of Ashby avenue.
7 1 3:« W of College avenue. W 50, S 106:4. E
50 N 105:5.. lot 16. block E. - Claremont Tract
(r*Kwded October 28. 1901). Berkeley: $100.
James L. Barker and Mary C. Barker (by
J. L. Barker, attorney) to Joseph' Michel, lot
m SE corner of Pase and Fourth streets. S
152-6 E 123 : N 50. E 125, N 102:6. W 250. lots
1 to '4 and 27 to 34. block 47. Tract B. Berkeley
L and T. I. Association. Berkeley; also lot
on NW corner of Jone? and Fifth streets. N
127-6 W 123 S 23. E 23, S 102:«. E 100. lots
31 to 13 same Berkeley; also lot on E line
of Fourth street. 27:6 N of Jones. N 73 by E
10O lots 19 to 21. same. Berkeley: 110.
John F. and Emma Collins to Sarah Clancy,
lot on N corner of Fifteenth avenue and East
Sixteenth Street. NE 5B. NW 1C0. SW 56. SE
107 East Oakland: also lot on NW line of Fif
teenth avenue. 112 NE of East Sixteenth street.
NE 2S by NW 80. portion of,block 32, San Anto
nio, East Oakland; $2500.
Samuel J and Bessie SUva to A. J. Snyder.
re-record 777 D 473. lot on W line of West
street, 25 S of Thirty-sixth. S 35 by W 118:3.
block M, property of Central Land Company,
Oakland: $10. , ,,
George and Anna E. Lydikson to Lorenzo
D and Mary E. Royce. E *j of lot 10 and W
12:6 of • lot 11. block P. property of Central
Land Company. Oakland: $10.
John M. and Ermina Ausrusto to Manuel C.
Vargas, lot on N line of Harlan street, 200 E
from Clarke. N 130 by E 51. portion of lot 26,
Hemme Tract, San Leandro, Eden Township;
$10.
Jennie C. Connor (widow). to "W. F. Rudolphe.
lot on S line of Eighth street. 51 W of Alice.
W 74. S 100. E 50. N 28. E 24. -N 74. portion
of block 80. Kellersberger's Map. Oakland; HO.
Manilla and Clinton Westover to John S.
Shoemaker, lot oif N line of Albion street.
88:11% E of Grove. E 50, N 139:11. W 30:6. S
19:8, W 19:6, S 120:2. portion of lots 4 to «,
Alden Tract. Oakland; $19.
J M. and Mary D. Bartlett to A. J. Snyder.
lots 2 3, 11 to 13, IS, block A. lots 2 to 4. 8.
block H. lota 1 to 5, block G. lot 1. block I,
lots 1 and 19. block K, lots 3. 9. 14 to 18, block
P, lots 2. 3, 6, 8 to U, block O, lots V *, *. °,
13 ' 14 18 to 23 block R, lots 1 to 7, 10. 11, 14.
block' Q lots 1 to 5, 8 to 10. 15 and 18. block
X. Paradise Park. Berkeley and Oakland: $10.
Rebbece Drucker (wife of Herman Drucker)
to Hulda A Nelson (wife of P. O. NeUon),
Intersection of the NE boundary line of lot
5. block D. with the "W line of Twenty-third
avenue, NW 107. SW 50. SE 121.92. N to be
ginning of block I>. subdivision 50. Associates
Tract. East Oakland; $10. .
* Juana Ysunza (widow) to Tsmael Y3unza
(married), lot beginning at a voiat on S line
of land owned by Charles A. Bailey. July 1.
1901. distant thereon 130 E of San Pablo avenue
and 607.87 N of Bancroft way E 5j. to W Una
of block G, Bryant Tract, S 21:7 W 40. S 100.
E 49 S 200.23 W 20.93 to point laO E of San
Pablo avenue.'N 195. W 20, N 1^:2 to beginning
of portion of plot 62. Kanchos "V. and D. Per
alta Berkeley* $10«
De'lia M and Thomas Sweetman to Johanna
SE 70 portion of lot 10. Brooklyn Land Com
pany 'Brooklyn Township; $10.
Dennis Murphy (by Grant G. Halliday, com
missioner) to Michael Carney, lots 40 1 to ) 43,
block 630, Oakland; also property in Benicia.
(aTtrustee under 119 D 44! and
480 D. 267, April 21. 1891) to Warren Otaey: lot
on E line of Madison street. 321.88 N from,
Fourteenth V 74 9S by E 140, Oakland; trust
Seated by* deed signed by Catherine M. Gar
celon. Stephen W. Purrington and John W.
St N£than"'nTl.ydia B. Hurt to Nettle Holmes
lot on S line of Palmetto street. 121 E from
Champion. E 105 by S 123.73. lots UtoH block
B reap of resubdivlsion of block B. Prospect
Hill' Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Theodore Beeny to Jane Beeny. lot on
NE corner of Minna and Warren streets.
N 200 by E 600./ all of block 18.
Fitchburg Homestead lots. Brooklyn Township;
also 23 acres in Tuba County, known as Beeny
Ranch, and personal property; $10.
M. H. and Eliza A. Eastman to Oakland Pav
ing Company (a corporation), lot 13 and 16,
block D Rooney Tract, embracing portions ly
ing N and S of McAllister-street line, present N
boundry of Rooney Tract, Berkeley; $10.
J Newman to David Newman, lot on Sw cor
ner of Page and Third streets. S 75 by W 107.
block 49 Tract B, Berkeley Land and Townsite
Association. Berkeley; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to James A.
and Eliza Farrell. lot M, block 5. map X7, hair
block 5, Curtis Tract. Berkeley; $3.
James C McKee (single) to Daniel Robertson,
lot on SE corner of Union and Twelfth streets,
S 160 by E 33, block 562. Boardman's map, Oak-
G *L Fritz (owner of residue of tax sales of
estate of Charles Babb) to Eliza L. Adams, un
divided half interest in blocks C. G and B. map
2. Watts Tract, being city blocks 779, 780 and
781, Oakland; also lots 4 to 9. block A, said
map and block 7S2. Oakland, quitclaim deed: $5.
Elizabeth T. White (single) to Oakland Pav
ing Company (a corporation), lot 16, block E,
Claremont Tract: $400. '
George K, Holloway to Bessie M. Holloway.
lot on SW corner of Harmon and Dana streets.
W 80 by S 115. portion of University Park
Tract, Oakland: gift. .
Peter C and Ingeburs? M. Nielsen to Sophia.
Margaret H.. John F. and William Mayer, lots
26 to 29. block 82, N Addition to Brooklyn. East
Oakland; $10. - *
John W. Hearst to Frank S. Baker, lots 31
and 32, block G, Gaskill Addition to Parsons
Golden Gate Tract. Town of Emeryville, Oak
land Township: $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mary
E M Quince (widow). 122 square feet of lot
145. plot 36, said cemetery. Oakland Township;
Mary E. M. Quince to Elizabeth W. Robin
son (widow), same: $1.
"William Cowperthwaite to Samuel Grainier,
lot on S line of Virginia street, 3S7 W from
Shattuck avenue, W 50 by S 133. block C, Janes
Traet. Berkeley, quitclaim deed: $1.
Clara P. Cowperthwaite (wife of W.) to same,
same, Berkeley: $10.
Ellen Stokes (widow) to C. N. Hoover, undi
vided half interest in lot 7. block 1. State Uni
versity Homestead Association No. 3, Berkeley;
510
McCarthy .Company (a corporation) to S. C.
Landers (a widow), lots 7 and 8. subdivision C.
Frultvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Township:
$10.
Deidrick W. Barkhaus to J. D. and Minnie S.
Eicke (sister and brother) undivided sixth of
undivided fifth of lots 3 and 4. block 36. lands
adjacent to Encinal. being undivided thirtieth
thereof. Alameda; $30.
Robert P. Jansen to Anita K. Jansen (wife),
lot 9. block 13. amended map of Bartlett Tract.
Alameda: sift.
Bennlngton streets. S 25 by E 100, lot 7. block
10, Fair's Subdivision of Holly Park Tract;
$1521.
AJameda County.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL> THPKSDAr, OCTOBER 31, 1901.
15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Best Stoneware
Coffee
1 DIXIE Ml) rOt.
S COFFEE JJ B
POT ucucr
I-.-*. - .'. el Cleaner
Safer
Three cup size 35 centi. thai!
Four cup size 40 cents.
Six cap «izo 4-3 cent*. MptaJ.
Eight cupiize 5O centj. mCiai*
Ten cup «ize €>O cents. Ul~_^
Twelve cup ilze 73 cents. Tl OlC
To make coffee in the " Dixre".
Scald out with hot water, use one
tablespoonful of coffee for each cup de-
sired, pour on fresh boiling water, let
stand 5 minutes (same as teaX pour intp
cups ready to serve. Don't boil your
coffee, as it becomes bitter and fine fla-
vor will be lost.
Ho not use enamel or metal pots that
give coffee an acid, metallic taste, or
cloth niters that taste musty.
VVe serve afternoons Pine-Apple
Colima Coffee made in the Dixie Coffee
Pot.
943 Market St, bet 7 & 8. Telphone Mint 761
Shanaiian Florisf Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
!07 POWELL ST.nea»ELLIS SEE 5056
MARRIED.
BALLARD— MANDERSON— In this city. Oc-
tober 29, 1901,- by the Rev. George W. Beatty,
Walter J. Ballard of Sacramento and Lillian
Watt-Mandereon of San Francisco. - ~ .
BLACK— WHITNEY— In this city, October 30.
1901, by the Rev. F. B. Cherington, Dr. How-
ard Black of Palo Alto, Cal.. and Agnes E.
Whitney of San Francisco. - \u25a0
BOWNE— HARRISON— In this city, October
. 29, 1901, by the Rev. William C. Pond. Art
J. Bowne and Maude .Verna Harrison-.
GRANT-COBURN-In this city. October 28
1901, by the Rev. George W. Beatty, Frank
S. Grant and Sarah E. Coburn, both of San
Francisco. '-.• . - . - -\u25a0 \u25a0 - -
DIED.
Agar, JohnfB. Haughton, Annie
\u25a0Ahrens, Lou C." Levy. Davis
Brennan, John McGlew, Annie
Bruml, M. . McGuire, Francis C.
Buck, Nettie D. Robinet, Eugene \
Cronacher, Carl Shepard, Joi.n L. N.
Dorland, James F. Southern, Ella J.
Fails. Jessie L. Stewart. Mary
Fletcher. Edward N. Thomas, Mrs. Maggie
Foppiano, Giovanni Wieboldf Herbert E.
Gleason, Patrick W.
AGAR— In this city, October 28, 1901, John Ed-
ward Agar, a native of Washington, D. C,
aged 77 yearn.
ItyFriends are resDectfully - Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 324
Bartlett street. , Interment private, Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
AHRENS— In this city, October 29. 1901. Lou
C. Ahrens, beloved daughter of Charles F.
and the late Louisa Ahrens. sister of Ber-
tha Ahrens, and niece of Mrs. II. Hartman
and J. G. Klemm, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years 6 months and 13 days.
IC^Friends tnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), . at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason street, where services will
be held by Buena Vista Parlor No. 68, N. D.
G. W. Remains at the funeral Darlors of
Charles H. J. - Truman & Co., 318 -Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
OFFICERS and members of Buena Vista Par-
lor No. 68, N. D. G. W., are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late sister. Lulu
Ahrens, to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from
Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street. By
order " ALICE TICOULET. President.
MRS. H, M. GREENE, Secretary.
BRENNAN— In this city, October 30, 1901, John
Brenuan, a native of Ireland, aged 56 years.
BRUML— In Lockford, Cal.. October 27. 1901.
M. Bruml, beloved husband of Len* and
father of Julius and Henry Bruml and
Emilie Daly, a native of Austria, aged 78
years 7 months and 9 days.
. C?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-dav
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under trie auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120.
F. and A. M. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
' nnd ' Townsend streets. ~.
BUCK— In Pasadena. October 29. 1901, Nettie
•D.;, beloved daujshter of John A. and the late
Matilda E. Buck, and sister of Emma M.,
Charles. H., John A. Jr., Walter E. %nd Viola
M. Buck, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
" years. \u25a0 '
C? Remains will be at the family residence
in San Rafael on Friday. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
CRONACHER— In this city, entered into rest.
October 25. 1901. Carl Cronacher. father of
Charles Cronacher, a native of Bavaria, Ger-
many, aged 64 years. • ,.- —
DORLAND— Passed away, in this city, October
30, 1901. James F. Dorland. beloved husband
of Kate S. Dorland. father of Alma E. Wood-
man, and brother of R. H. Dorland, a na-
tive of Canada, aged 67 years 7 months and
12 days.
K?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
FAILS— In this city. October 28. 1901, Jessie
L.. beloved daughter of Augusta Abbott and
•the late Joseph Fails, and sister of.Hattle
Fails and Mrs. P. H. Buchholz. a native of
Arizona, aged 17 years 5 months and 11 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
' the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cro«s Cemetery.
FLETCHER— In Oakland. October 28, 1901, at
18 Chase street. Edward Nelson, husband of
Mary Fletcher, and brother of William
Fletcher, Mrs. W. J. Clark, Albert Neukom
and the late Lizzie Neukom, a native of
Ohio, aged 35 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at his
late residence, 18 Chase street. West Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
FOPPIANO— In • this city, October 29, 1901.
Giovanni Foppiano, a native of Italy, aged
50 years.
GLEASON— In Oakland. October 30. 1901, Pat-
rick W. Gleason. beloved husband of Mar-
garet J. and father of Delphina I. and Fran-
cis J Gleason. and brother-in-law of James
Farrell. a native of Troy, N. Y., aged 49
.years S months and 22. days. .
HAUGHTON— In this city, October 30, 1901,
Annie, beloved daughter of James and Annie
Haughton, and niece of Peter Kehoe, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 years 3 month*
and 21 days.' /
LEVY— In Boise City, Idaho. October 3, 1901,
Davis Levy, brother of the late Bemhard LA
Levy of San Francisco, a native of Kurnik,
Prussia, aged 73 years and 2 months.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of.N. Gray & Co., undertakers. 641
Sacramento street, thence by funeral tr.aln
at ll - 30 o'clock from Third and Townsend
streets to Hills of Eternity Cemetery, San
Mateo. where services wlll.be conducted.
HENRY J, GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannaean & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mjrr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
. J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN" BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
.31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth gt. Tel. South 167,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
. . \u25a0 *
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral. Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. I
• Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager fcr
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor. & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone 'South 44.
CREMATION.
The Odd h el lows' Cemetery Association
Point Lo bos ave.. S. F., Cal.
The ordinance prohibiting burials In San
Francisco after the first day of AukusL 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead.
Permits to cremate will be Issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
: OKORGB R. . FLETCHER. Manager.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
\u25a0 • .» f
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!*
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!'.
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION'.'.l
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., .
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
(Successors to William J. Dlngee.)
REAL AUCTIONEERS. ~
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATJB AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
. -~ <J* '"* *i
AUCTION. f. •
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
\u25a0 AUCTION.
*J Sredal Credit Sale of
33 C8 38 38
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE ' LOTS.
S^ CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
mzi . /
Facing - West Stx-ee-i.
Market Street,
35th Street and 36th Street.
SATURDAY, November 2, 1S0L
At 2 p. m.
AT SALESROOM. 903 BROADWAY.
These lots are surrounded by new homei
and more, are In course of construction.
The street work is complete. Terms only
1-5 cash: remainder in easy Installments.
Carriages at office for inspection .of property.
Offlce open evenings bv appointment
Installment or flat loans negotiated for home-
builders.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
For catalogues and other particulars apply to
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON &. CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., j
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
(Successors to William J. Dingee.)
Real Estate Auctioneers,
903 Broadway, Oakland. \u25a0 '
$375 CASH. $8 60 monthly: 3-room cottage; sta- ;
ble. barn, shed, chicken-houses; good well of
water: two-thirds acre, more or less; all
fenced; fine soil; no fogs nor cold winds;
some trees and shrubbery; adjoining East
Oakland; price $850; over 300 chickens, 6
geese. 12 ducks, 24 pigs, horse, wagon and
cow; assorted family orchard, all fenced;
stock at a bargain; see 'this at once; there's
ia fine living in it; call or send for circular.
J435 Seventh st, opposite Broadway station,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES. Land Owner.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
TENTH, 572 — Beautiful sunny rooms; excellent
home table; terms moderate: references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A^5cOTHING~Tlk«~Tn pleasant sunny~EUite
with kitchen, all complete for housekeeping,
$20; other rooms reasonable. St. James, Mc-
Allister and Laguna sts.
CALIFORNIA. 1527— Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms to let; gas and bath.
EDDY. 743—2 sunny rooms for housekeeping;
private; phone.
1 EDDY, 939 — 3 or 4 furnished or unfurnished
sunny rooms; private residence; conveniences;
phone.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two. $12;
three, $15; three, $16; also single. $4, $5 and up.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 409— Front alcove and
kitchen completely furnished.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 641—1^ bright sunny
rooms for housekeeping; basement. Call
from 9 till 10:30 a. m.
HOWARD, 1063—2 sunny connecting completely
furn. rms.; running water, range, etc.; $10.
LANGTON. 256^4—3 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
McALLISTER, 536— Sunny furnished suites; gas
range, sink, laundry; ground floor; $12, $15.
MISSION. 1126%— Sunny housekeeping rooms, $2
and, $2 25. \u25a0
OAK. 119 — 2 front basement rooms, furnished
for housekeeping, $10; single room, $7; sunny.
PAGE, 1138— Two unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; bath; closets, pantry, etc.
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
POWELL, 1401— Large sunny bay-window room;
also 2 rooms for housekeeping; gas and bath.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; very cheap.
TEHAMA, 478, near 6th— 2 sunny front rooms
for housekeeping; no children; |9.
THE St James, cor. Laguna and . McAllister
sts.— Large, well-furnished single room, $8;
handsomely furnished suite for light house-
keeping, $15; handsomely furnished corner
suite for light housekeeping, extra kitchen in-
cluded; select home for families; near park.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1035
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r»ceived at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore ft.
; \u25a0
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfurn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
Gunnw grill attached; country visitors nnd no
place like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth-Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. 1
AT Shasta House, 246 Third — ZOO rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. tl to $2 week.
A SUNNY suite, and singles, neat and clean,
bath. • phone. Prices low. 332 Stockton. -
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
• rushed mt., suites, single; also rinfurnished.
BUSH, 788— Furnished rooms for gentlemen at
$7 and $S per month; private; references. '
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason^-Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210— Newly ' furnished parlors suitable
for two gentlemen; gas and bath. --
EUGENE. 265 O'Farrell— New Housed fireproof,
-new furniture; electric ; elevator; ' 25 private
. suites : with bath ; baths free ; first-class." = 1 »
FOURTH, 353— Sunny rooms; gas and bath;
call after 6 p. m. '
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
A— ELEGANT corner store, new complete fix-
tures. grocery and bar. 999 McAllister st
ROOM, lleht, phone for designer or
card writer: *5. Inquire 1008 Mission st.
OIL. , " •.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission Bt. -
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 51S
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black S61
N"EERGAARD. president St. Germain College.
reads from 1 to 5. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2S33.
PA1.VTEKS AM) UliCOKATOKS.
J C. R^»MA7NE."e40^r^rXv^.Tp^one~Polk'l423;
begt quality work; lowest prices; get figures.
PARTXERS WASTED.
W ANTED — Partner who understands bees. Par-
tlculars address Adam Miller. Vallejo/ CaJ.
PERSONALS.
INDIAN baskets Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
Et.. largest curio 6tore in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from ?1 upward.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits .to or-
der. SIS; with, these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments, fl weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket Bt, between Seventh and Eighth.
MRS. BRIGGS, dermatologist — Superfluous hair,
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re-
moved without pain or scars by the latest
electric appliances. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, eciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 SO per bottle. For circulars. Plnus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. S. F.; tel. Church 157L
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Et, near Market; 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;,
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit oy using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. tV. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market st.,- near Sixth.
\u25a0FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Kia-ora, parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
THE latest fancy styles of hairdressing for
parties 25c; one price only. G. LEDERER,
123 Stockton st.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth; EOc, postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legiti-
mate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bldg.. rooms 323-324, S. F.; teL South 3SL
AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc ; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed -with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
Superfluous hair removed free for 1 week by
elec. needle. Dr. Lula Brooks. Mission & 16th.
DR. J. S. POTTS has resumed practice of medi-
cine; offlce Y. M. C. A: building.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
1 hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box ISOo, Call offlce.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st.
! LACE curtains cleaned for S5c per pair and up.
: 1277 Mission St.; phone Folsom 2338.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 Market
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st
TAILOR-MADE suits. f7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no \u25a0weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia st. bet. lSlh & 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 21c; all druggists. _ ;.._.-
OLD pold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, cent to any address in the
United States or* Canada one year for tl.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaptng
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O"DONXELL- Office and residence,
lC21Vi Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all disease = d the human body: see
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st.: see testimonials at offlce.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR. SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. •
Our bargains in Sunset attract many buyers.
Choicest graded lots with splendid view of
ocean and park from $300 to $300; 1 10 monthly.
$100 to $350— Don't miss seeing our new level
Ocean Boulevard Lots! Installments.
\u25a0 Call at Sunset Branch Offlce, 9th ave., near
H st, every day or Sunday.
$100 to $S0O— SNAPS! IN RICHMOND LOTS.
CO Lots; $200 to $250 each; Installments.
A CHANCE IN A LIFETIME!!
Secure Level Building Lots
In the Excelsior Homestead.
Near Mission Street Electric Cars.
50 per cent lower than lots sold there.
SO minutes' ride from T^hronicle building.
CALL AT ONCE FOR DIAGRAMS.
$S50, $1000 to $2500— 4-room cottages, easy
terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54, Chronicle building.
FOR sale— $2250; cottage, 6 rooms, bath and
garden. Apply on premises. 1249 Union st,
near Hyde, from 1 to 3.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms and one of 2 rooms; 50x150;
462 DouglaEs st, near 21st; must be sold. Call
alter 2 p. m., or at 310 Noe st
WE have cash buyers for improved property.
DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market st
$330 EACH— Corner lots: Eugene ave.; frontage
.3 streets; graded; cash or install. SCO Jessie.
FOR sale — Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and yard; half cash. 3022 Pierce st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
II pages, in wrapper for mailing, tl per year.
BEAL. ESTATE: COCSTRY Pop Sale
1-— FOR~SALE NEArTsAN '"FRANCISCO — -
Small tracts, $C0 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cctati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing: rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. , Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California st, for pam-
phlets and information. \
J2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co.. near R. R. Box 222. CalL
POULTRY and dairy ranches for" sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE;
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; J ,i cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
$3500— FINE, large, comfortable, 8-room cottage
with bath and all modern improvements and
ell in good condition; select central residence
location, on Myrtle st; lot 55x125 feet; sunny
front; easy walk from local station; rents for
$24 per month; terms can be arranged.'
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
. r, . 10C8 Broadway, Oakland.
WE have for sale within 3 minutes' walk of
the City Hall 3 houses, ranging in size from
S to 7 rooms, in different locations; all central
and very desirable and in first-class condition;
well rented for $15 to $22 50 per month; price
$2500 each; full and detailed description of
j each one will be furnished on application.
1 GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
• 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price • for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
111S Broadway; telephone Main 10. J
W1SCEL,1.AJVEOX:S FOR S/ i^E Con.
RETIRING from business; we are selling out
our etoiJc of pictures, frames, moldings at a
reduction of half oft; must close out every-
thing by Dec. 15. JONES & CO.. 704 Larkin.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
8-17 Stevenson 6t., near First.
ADMINISTRATOR'S eale— Estate of W. A.
Hartter; a full line of photo supplies, grapho-
phones. records, etc. Rm. S13. Examiner bldg.
r 2£?L^ lts ' J10: dress P 1 "'*- ** «. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Prtc* Hatters. S30 Kearny bt.. near Pine.
t HP. boiler and 6 hp. automatic engine; com-
plete. perfect. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
tult cates. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis Et.
BAR outSt*. showcases; all lengths and eizea.
__JACOB SCHWERDT. £21 Mission et.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing 10s Montgomery Bt.
CASH rexi'ter (Hallwood): brand new; $55; re-
ductlon. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California «t.
BIG prloss paid for sealskin*, full dress & Tux-
edo buits. Portland Loan Offlce. 23 Stockton.
BOATS, launches, rowbeats carried In etoclc*
BAKKr: & HAMILTON. »"*:«.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving nic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
engines, all sizes, new and £d-hand,
'and lauachea. J. EL DOAK. Ell Mission Bt.
CAFES— Xew and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento Bt.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BUPKE. 1T9 Beale Bt.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's eteel-
•\u25a0ined 6t.fe. perfect order. 216 California et.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CENTLEAIAN wishes typewriter in good con.
dition. Box 1D55, Call office.
WANTED!)— Second-hand upright t>!ano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market Bt.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothlnz and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2Z22.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$3u0.bOU at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; eecoud
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real esvate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Croch^r bldg.
A NEW idea in the mcney-lendicg business i*
being tried by the Portland Loan Office. 25
Siocktoi St.; phone Bush 4S4. If you need
money phone us and the manager of our
loan department will call on you and loan
you menty at low rates on your diamonds,
watches, sealskins, etc.. or else you can call
at cur office. All business confidential.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
, ..Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
*Y **• McCOLGAX
I 14 Montgomery St., room 3
|.T".\Cy> — EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
en California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided In-
terests :.n real estate, legacies, etc.. also first-
cia*s ranch property; will loan as high as 71
l«rr cen-: of real value. W. L. HARPER, 337
Parrott building.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and« third mortgages, estates in pro-
bai«L. irterest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, rorporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN" MURPHY. 603 Examiner building— |
i5.0uC.G0o at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on e*cond mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty ib mortgaged and you need more money
eee HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY pro position : any amount; 6 per cent, on
raortgaj::es. estates, undivided interests.; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building, 206 Kearny St., room 314.
X2ELIACLE corporation, established 1S65. proper
place tc borrow money on diamonds, jewelry. !
pianos *.nd sealskins at' lowest rate of interest. '
* Gract ave.. near Market St.; tel. Black 5471. i
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S4S Market ,
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third Et.
A MILLION' at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
6; city or farm property; long time; etate
amount desired and location of property. P.
O. box 2073.
I MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, li-
braries, poods in warehouse, et?.; any amount; j
lowest rates : private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery, j
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or p:anos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
E508.OM AT 6 per cent in sums to suit In city;
S15C.C00 on large ranrhes at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note with-
out indsrser or on mortge^es at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. €59 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Koom 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furnltu^. pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms: no broker-
are; reliable party. 1170 Market 6t, room 68.
ifc on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; piixate. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
• X^owest rates, furniture, piancs; no removal; no
commis. ; confidential. tYhitehead, 1706 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furnfture: $5 a month on each
tUKX); any security. 302 Montgomery et.. r. L
IF you T.-ant a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. Rl'DELL, 222 Sansome st.
OX -SALARIES without irdorser: other propo-
sitions, s. F. Discount Agency, ]« Phelan big.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dis-
r counts, an Parrott building.
i>OANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. •JVestgrn Loan Co.. 309 Pbelan bldg.-
MUSICAL Ilk'STRUMEXTS.
AGAIN "* - e remind you that cur piano stock,"
both n<:w and second hand, is the largest
west oi Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
told upon easy payments of $6 per month;
come good piano* for $3, $4 and $3 per month.
6HER21AN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutler sts.. San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth et..
Oaklanl.-
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. sole agents most famous and oldest Amer-
ican makes; easy payments; big allowance for
second-hand pianos; rents $2 up allowed: bar-
rainE. 525 up; Steinways, $185; Chlckerings,
J135; 50 others; agents wanted. We pay your
fare to and from any part of California if you
purchaiie. 217 Geary et.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second- band upright pianos from £5 up. -
Second-hand sauare pianos from $50 up.
Second-band organs from $25 up* new up-
right DlanoB from J175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& -SON, 1C to 20 OTarrell. Chickering. Ma-
son and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
AN unusual chance to get a good piano for a
low prit« is offered any one who will call on
us at o.ace; we will ehow how you can save
from {100 to $130 In buying from us; we want
your patronage and are willing to pay for It.
THE ZKNO MAUVA1S MUSIC CO.. 76S Mar-
ket mU
ANY pia:io sold by us taken back any time
within I yean and full purchase price al-
lowed co a n«w peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
d piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'FarreJl St.: established 1850.
SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak ca»»; Hardman equere. Sir.; organs. 125
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St., IVER3
& PONI> and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
A FACT worth remembering is this, you get
your meney's worth when you buy a piano
from ts*: we sell the famous Decker & Son
end Ba-imeirter: c*Fh or payments. THE
ZENO KtAXJVAIS MITSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike h£L« placed two carloade of high-grade
pianos In etorage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; Fecond-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.
PIANOS— The mest modern and up-to-date;
Steck. Everett. Conover, Packard. Ludwig.
Hart /nan and many others: wholesale and re-
tall. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market St..
£. F-: <Branch Store. 851 Broadway. Oakland).
LAP^GEST etandard upright piano; llttl* used;
going East account death; sacrifice. 502 Eddy.
NEW piano, pianola and music on sale; great
bargain; party going away. 217 Geary st.
ETEINWAY upright, necond-hand. wanted for
cash; state price. Box 1S58. Call offlce.
$25— HERTZ piano; pood for practice; Schaller
upright, nearly new. J9>. - 217 G«ary st.
EfPERIOIt violins, zithers, old and new.' H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
BOHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
_^Ptelmann pianos. S08 Post Et.
fCc*PD necond-hand upright for eale cheap, j
SCHMITC. 16 McAHUter et. ,
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a Eacriflce. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFBrs. 22 Turk et.. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, S3 per
too. 8COTT-CURTAZ Piano Co./ 660 Hayes.
ROOMS TO LET — Pnrn. ana Unfnrn.
FBAI^slSon^raL^Eiiganr^uTte^r^n^
transient; baths.. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
' FRONT room, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen,
with private family. 537 O'Farrell. st. ;
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 641— Bright sunny and
nicely furnished room for gentleman; bath.
Call from 9 till .10:30 a. m. , ._ •
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Klegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOUGH ' 1613— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
•with hot and cold water; gas; bath.
i HOTEL ST. DENIS \u25a0 (European plan). 24 Turk
Bt., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable , cars to Turk at. . ,
HYDE, • 808 — 2 sunny rooms in handsome pri-
vate residence; very select; gentlemen. .
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front room nicely fur-
nished; 1 or 2 persons; gas and grate; $7 & JS.
LEAVENWORTH, 227— $10; large . furn. light
front rooms; closets; run. water; cor. house.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1738—4 sunny sldl rooms furn. com-
plete for housekpg. ; private family, bath; $10.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
NICELY furnished sunny room, $S; "Western
Addition. Box 1574. Call office. \u25a0
O'FARRELL, 1 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
resiling-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor" rooms, per night. 35c to. $1 50; week, $2 to
IS; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER. 127B— A fine room for 1 or 2; use of
bath; $10.
SntTH. 232^— Newly furnished rooms to let.
SUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week; transient.
SUTTER, 1105— Large, sunny rear rooms;
closet; running water; $S and $9 a month.
WANTED— Gentleman to room, rent $6. with
Spanish family; reference. 925 Jackscn st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at - 1096
Valencia st. \u25a0>
ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave.
BOARD and room for two in elegantly fur-
{ nlshed home; billiard room andVelephone. 25
Baker st. \u25a0 /*
THE CORBIN. 836 Butter St.— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table. \u25a0•:?'.\u25a0•
VAN NESS ave.. 850— Handsomely furnished
rooms, with board; use parlor, piano, phone.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL, £05 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur. suites; beautiful grnds: table board.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select,
family hotel; exceptional table ; attractive rms.
SUNNY bay-window room, with board for 1
or 2 ladies, reasonable. 237 Eleventh st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
"United States or Canada one year for {1
ROOMS AXD HOARD WASTED. .
WANTED— Room and board In private family
for an old lady; not to exceed $15 per month.
Address MRS. M. PAUL, 453 Ellis St., City.
GERMAN couple wants board and lodging
across the bay in plain family. 916 Capp st.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE~cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM, 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following children have been received in
the S. F.' Nursery for Homeless Children, 1334
Mission St., since July 1, 1901: Albert Haight,
half -orphan, age 5 years 2 month*; -John B.
Conway. half -orphan, age 3 years 1 month ;
Edwin £>uggan, half-orphan, age 5 years 7
months; George Kelly, half -orphan, age 1
year 1 month; infant girl 1 day old.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or- country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American dispensary, 514 Pine.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SEW15G aiACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. i'lambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. lath.,
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing;lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOI^H~s7cra^e^id^M^vlnB~Cotr
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 M(«-
eion st. ; tel. Howard 941. . F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GR^ATr^ARanN^^N^TYP^v^lf^lT&^We
sell better machines for leca money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
, Exchange. 638 Callfprnla; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors :estimate free. 209 Sansome.
~ LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS. ~~\
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of EDWARD
HARMON SHELDON, deceased. Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned, WALTER
D. K. GIBSON, administrator with the will
annexed of the estate of EDWARD HARMON
SHELDON, • deceased, to the creditors of
and all persons having claims against the
said deceased, to exhibit them with the
necessary vouchers, within ten (10) months
I after the first .publication of this notice, to
the said administrator, at the offlce of
Morrison & Cope, room 123 CrocUer building,
at the northwest corner of Market and Mont-
gomery streets, San Francisco, California,
the same being his place for the transaction
of the business of the said estate in the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California,
WALTER D. K. GIBSON, administrator
- with the wlU annexed of the estate of ED-
WARD HAItMON SHELDOK, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco. Octobar 16, 1901.
PROPOSALS. ~~~
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies.— Offlce
of Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco
Cal., October 30, 190L— Sealed proposals for
furnishing and delivering of such .quantities
of subsistence supplies, . delivered at such
\u25a0wharf or such warehouses in San Francisco
Cal., as per circular, to be seen at this offlce'
will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m.,
Tuesday. November 19, 1901," and opened im-
mediately thereafter in presence of bidders.
-Specifications, general instruction to bidders
and blank form of proposal will be furnished
to established dealers on application to W H
BALDWIN. Major and C. S., U. S. Army,"
Purchasing Commissary. \
MABRIAGE LICENSES. ~™
The followlne marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
- Ell Smith, 23, 33 Washington - avenue, and
Lcnna Epperson, . 25, 219 Golden Gate avenue.
"William A. Nugent, 30, Alpena, Mich., and
Fannie L. Kaufmann, 18, 2412 Greenwich street
David J. Evans, 21, 44 Third street, and Jen-
nie A. Williams, 21, 438 Church street.
Alfred A. Smith, .?7, 343 Clement street, and
Thedora E. • Sawyer, 20, 2935 . Jackson street.
James A. Moore, 25, i 1474 Page street, and
Margaret E. Farrell, 21. 127 Lexington avenue.
Clarence E. Vaupel, 34, city, and Lillian M.
Esper, 27, city. \u25a0:-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Henry L. Meloche, 24, 123 Harriet street, and
Alfredn. L. Schureen, 18, 6V4 Freelon street.
Frnncis A. Jaccard. 27. 2011 Webster street,
and Pauline A. Husson, 19; 2011 Webster street.
Frederick H. Pearson, 32, 1063 Pacific street,
and Mary Raphael, 20. .1063 Pacific street.
Joseph Truttmann. 34, 1406 Polk street, and
Mary Steyer, 22, 1261 Ellis street.
\u25a0 George H. Gibson, 37. city, • and Nanette
Beck, 25, Alameda. .
Aizic Ghidalovici, . 25, v 42 Mcbs street, and
Golda Horenstaln, 20, 42 Moss street.
Yee Ah Sing,' 32, 741 Sacramento street, and
Chan Kim Fong. 25. 817 Washington street. .
BIBTHS-^MARRI&Gfcs— DEATHS
* - — '\u25a0 — .. \u25a0 •
Birth, "marriage' and death: notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be hamled
in at either -of -the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the , name < and residence | of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. '
;".'.; \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0/\u25a0<; -'\u25a0 ••.'"'V-;BOBW. : \u25a0';\u25a0-; '.-,\u25a0 '. \u25a0\u25a0' [
HOFFMAN— In_Eay View. ' October 27. 1901, to
- the wife of Louis Hoffman,- a daughter. • '
WILSON— In this city, : October 20,' 1901/ to the
'wife of ! H.J. Wilson, a son. :Steamer Movements.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31.
Sun rises • * : *^
Sun sets V.V"
Moon .rises 9:09 p. m.
Time lTlme lTlme! Time
e Hw^rw^Hw^rw^
H 2:66 4.9 7:30 2.9 1:3S 6.0 8:39 -fl.7
1*1 8:56 4.9 8:36 3.2 2:36 5.5 9:39-0.4
2 * 4:55 5.0 10:00 3.2 3:46 5.2 10:40 0.0
3*.. 5:51 5.2 11:24 2.8 5:02 4.9 11:38 0.4
4 -L 6 W- "h^w" 4 - 5 HW
5 .. 0:34 0.8 7:30 5.5 1:41 1.9 7:40 4.4
6 .'.. 1:20 1.1 8:14 5.6 2:32 1.4 8:44 4.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in ad
dition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given 13 subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
NEW TORK— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Majestic,
from Liverpool ' and Queenstown:
Sailed Oct 30— Stmr St Paul, for Southamp
ton; stmr Germanic, for iLlversool.'. \u25a0 :
HONGKONG— Arrived prior 1 to Oct 30— Stmr
Empress of India, from Vancouver, via Yoko
hama. . * .
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Co
lumbia, from Hamburg:, for New York, via
Cherboure.
' QUEENSTOWN— Sailed . Oct 30— Stmr Ulto
nia. from Liverpool, for Boston. , - -\u25a0
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONGKONG — Arrived crior to Oct 30— Br
stmr Empress of India, from Vancouver.
To sail Oct 31— Br stmr Strathjtyle. for San
Diesro and San Francisco. -, >
MAZATLAN— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco. .
PORT. SAID— Arrived v Oct 30— Br stair In
drani, from Norfolk, Va.
CUXHAVEN— Arrived Oct 27— Ger ship Ne
reus, from Oresron.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Oct 26— Br ship Glen
lui, for Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 16-Jan stmr Idz
uml Maru. for Victoria.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Advance,
for Colon. - • • - • \u25a0 -
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 23— Br stmr Mo
ana, from Sydney; schr Falcon, from Albion
River: bktn IrniEard, hence Oct 7; U S stmr
Wisconsin, from Seattle.
Sailed Oct 23— Schr Spokane, for Port Gam
ble; schr Rpbert R Hind, for Port Townsend.
Oct 22— Br stmr Coptic, for China and Japan.
Oct 23 — Bark Alden Besse, for San Francisco,
Br Etmr Moana, for .Victoria.
EASTERN PORT.
ISLAND PORTS.
' SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 30— Schr Lille
bonne, from Grays Harbor; stmr San . Pedro,
from • San DIeso.
Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Alcatraz. for. San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Del Norte. from Cres
cent City, to sail Nov 1 for Crescent City. I
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 2»— Stmr Progreso, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Queen, from Nome.
Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Valencia, from Nome.
Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Senator, for Juneau.
BALLARD— Sailed Oct 30— Schr Corona, for
San Pedro. -. \u25a0 -
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 30— Ger ship Slam,
141 days from Hambunr.
Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Santa Rosa, for San
FranciscoJ stmr Carlisle City, for San Fran
cisco.**^ • • •\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0.-•- \u25a0 1 .....-...,\u25a0..»:--\u25a0
' SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Progreso, "for
San Francisco. \u25a0 • . -
LONDON. Oct. 30.— Justice Wright ha*
ordered the compulsory liquidation of the
London and Globe Finance Corporation,
one of the Whitaker-Wrig-ht group ot
companies. In -view of the serious allega
tions of fraud made, counsel for the di
rectors. Lord Dufferln, Lord Edward Pel
ham Clinton, Whitaker "Wright and Lem
on, desired the court to make the fullest
Investigation.
Demand a Thorough. Investigation.
to arrive. .
Steamer. ' \u25a0' From. . | Pn».
Crescent City. Crescent City Oct. 31
Santa Kosa.... San" Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 81
Point Arena... Point. Arena Oct. SI
Iaqua Humboldt OcC 31
San Pedro San Pedro-..'..'. Nov. 1
Columbia Portland and \u25a0 Astoria. . Nov. 1
Ralnlerl Seattle & N. Whatcom Nov. 1
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Nov.! 1
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 1
Prosreso ... Seattle ! *.......... Nov. 2
J S. Kimball. Seattle and Tacoma.... Nov. 2
Despatch '. San Pedro Nov. 2
Mandalay Coquille River..- Nov. 2
Xoyo Humboldt Nov. 2
Santa Barbara San Pedro Nov. 2
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 3
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Nov. 3
Newport Panama & Way Ports Nov. 3
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 3
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. Nov. 4
Maria Nanalmo : Nov. '4
Empire.... Coos Bay Nov. - 4
Peru I Valparaiso 4: Way Pts. Nov. 5
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Nov. 6
Ne'wburg....... Grays Harbor Nov. 7
Algoa China and Japan Nov. 7
Corona San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 7
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 8
Hongkong 1 Mai China and Japan Nov. 8
North Fork.... Humboldt Nov. 8
TO J3AIU ~
Steamer.. Destination. Sails. Pier.
~ October 31.
Sequoia. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Leelanaw.... N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt » am Pier is
Arcata C. Bay & Pt Orford 10 am Pier 13
City of Pekln China & Japan.... 1 pm PMS3
Rival Wlllapa Harbor.... 6 pm Pier S
November 1.
San Pedro... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar .Grays Harbor pi er 2
November 2.
Despatch Seattle direct 5 pm Pier 18
Iaqua Humboldt 5 pm Pier —
Santa Barb.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Alameda Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 1
American.... Honolulu Pier 20
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
November 3. i
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier %
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma pj er 2
November 4.
Columbia Astoria & Portland U am Pier 24
November • 5.
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 6 pm Pier 2
Noyo Humboldt 5 pm Pier a
November 6. .
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 7.
Sesostris Hamburg & Way pi, r 27
Gaelic (China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Umatllla > Puget .Sound Portsjll amjpier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. : - - i From. Du».
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 31
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports Nov 1
Humboldt..... 1 . Skaguay & Way Ports Nov 3
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov! 6
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov 7
City of Topeka Ska.cruay A Way Ports. Nov. 0
Bertha Valdez & Kodlak Nov. 10
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Hatters of Interest, to' Mariners and
>!:\u25a0•,&}. Shipping: Merchants. ;
- The Ballachulish will : load ' salmon on Fr&ser
Captain Ahlin of the schooner Ida W
picked up a 16-foot pleasure •- boat two
miles off shore near Bolinas. The sail,
boom and bowsprit were inboard, and the
boat looked as though it had gone 1 adrift.
Tho tramp steamship Horda is coming
here with a cargo of coal. From here she
goes .to Portland to load lumber for Ma
nila under charter to the Charles Nelson
Company.
The City of Peking, from the Orient,
and the Leelanaw, from Panama, will be
due to-day.
Commencing November! and continuing
until further notice, the, steamer, Sunol
will not carry passengers 'to and from
Vallejo. This change is necessitated by
the large increase in the freight business.
Captain John Prior of the well known
firm ot Brann & Prior was back on the
front again yesterday and received -a cor
dial .welcome from'hiB friends. He has
been making ah extended tour of the
East. * . . ' ; \u25a0
j There Is still no trace of the five Chi
nese who escaped from the Mail dock, and
it now begins to look as though the Mail
Company would have to pay the required
fines. \u25a0 . . -
Among the arrivals yesterday, was the
British bark Kilmeny, from Antwerp. She
ran into a'gale after leaving port and had
to anchor for three days off , Flushing.
During the voyage Adolph A- Sjolseth fell
from aloft and was killed. He -was 24
years old and a native of Norway.
Water-Front Notes.
Julia Morg-an Secures Honors.
PARIS. Oct. 30.— Julia Morgan of San
Francisco passed an examination -with
honors at the architectural section of the
School of Fine Arts.
The Charles Nelson Company asked the
Board of Harbor Commissioners' yester
day for 200 feet additional space at Mis
sion-street wharf. The business of the
firm has grown wonderfully and extra
room is required. The matter was re
ferred to the chief wharfinger.
Specifications for the repairing of How
ard street and Folsom street wharves
were ordered prepared.
The contract for the sheds over, car
ferry slips 1 and 2 was let to Fred Miller
for $3136.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
LEIPSIC, Oct. 30.— The police to-day
seized an edition of Count • Tolstoi's
brochure, "The Meaning of Life," at a
Leipslc publishing house.
Police Seize Tolstoi's Brochure.
Thousands upon thousands of seagulls
are living on the marshes back of Sau
salito. There are but few of the scaven
gers on the bay, and mariners have been
wondering what was the matter. The
recent high tides, in conjunction- with a
big run of small sardines, are responsible
for the disappearance. The tide carried
the fish up Into pools all over the marsh,
and not only left them there, but also
great quantities among the sea grass. On
these the gulls are feasting. The people
along the beach at Sausalijo also made a
haul, and men, women and children were
engaged all day carrying the fish away.
Seagulls Are Feasting.
The Andrew Hicks will be refitted and
will sail again for. the south in a month
or six weeks.
The Andrew Hicks, one of the last of
the old fleet of whalers, arrived from the
Okhotsk Sea yesterday after a successful
cruise. She was built thirty-five years
ago in Fairhaven,' Mass., but Is as sound
and stanch to-day as when she was
launched. She left here in February last
to hunt the sperm whale, and after a
visit to Hawaii, the Marshall group and
Guam, she was headed for the coast of
Japan. Several whales were taken and
the bone and oil shipped home. The vessel,
nevertheless, brings home 2000 pounds of
whalebone and 270 barrels of oil. On the
2Sth inst. she spoke a vessel supposed to
be the German bark H. F. Glade, bound
south. *" ' \u25a0—
Whaling Bark Andrew Sicks Home
From the Japanese Coast.
BACK FEOM SOUTHERN SEAS.
Among the passengers was C. A. Wat
son, who is. connected with the .Stan
dard Oil Company, and was on a
visit to the islands i in the Interest, of
that corporation. R. Pechotsch is a
noted violinist, and Madame Cole is a
singer who is touring the world with him.
Both artists will be heard here.
Smith volunteered an opinion that the
ruling of Thomas Ryan, First Assistant
Secretary of the Interior, adverse to the
proposed Kohala Mountain water fran
chise, was based wholly on the distinc
tion between a license as applied for and
a lease. A lease would have been within
the power of the Territorial Government
to grant, under the condition of a term
of twenty-one years and that of compe
tition at public auction for the privilege.
Atherton's visit to New York may be
in connection with the affairs of the Ha
waiian Automobile Company, a concern
in which he is heavily interested.
Another arrival on the Alameda was
F. M. Swanzy, managing director of the
old English house' of Theo. H. Davis
& Co., Limited, and acting British Vice
Consul in Honolulu.
Both Smith and Atherton positively de
nied that their trips had any thing, to do
with the development of water, arising
on public lands.
Joseph B. Atherton, head of the large
corporation of Castle & Cooke, Limited,
and president of many other Hawaiian
companies, -also arrived on the steamer
and goes to New York.
"When I am through with my business
in New York I may go to Washington,
incidentally. I. am not going away for
my health or for politics."
Among those who arrived on the Ala
meda was TV. O. -Smith, former Attorney
General of Hawaii, who goes to ' New
"iork on business. It was published In
Honolulu that he was going to oppose the
income-tax act of the late Hawaiian
Legislature at Washington, but to a re
porter he said:
The Alameda brought up a considerable
amount of cargo, fifty steerage passen
gers and the following named in the
cabin:
C. I>. Argus, J. B. Ailierton and wife, lime.
Cole. W. R. DuBlas, G. H. Falrchlld, wife,
three children and two maids, J. W. Hunter
nnd wile, J. F. Libby, Mrs. l Myers. M. O.
RhaughneFsy, R. Pechotsch. A. H. Reetz, L.
Reinardt. F. M. Swanzy and wife, W. O. Smith,
Miss A. Watson, Miss J. Watson, H. E. Walty,
wife, child and maid, C. A. Watson, M. Mil
lar a*1 Mr. Schulr.
There was no sign of the overdue Amer
ican ship Benjamin F. Packard, now out
141 days from Norfolk, Va., for Honolulu,
and on which 15 per cent reinsurance is
being paid. The City of Peking, due to
day, may bring word of her. If she does
not the rate is sure to advance.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Alameda and the Pacific Mail
Company's City of Para arrived
from Honolulu yesterday. The
latter vessel has been carrying
Porto Ricans from Port Los Angeles to
the sugar plantations and has come home
for an overhauling. She brought up two
steerage passeneers and no cargo. % i
The Alameda was expected to make a
good run, but did not do any better than
before her engines were changed from
compound to triple expansion. The trou
ble "was due to the firemen. The vessel
took away a Japanese crew, and nearly
all of them turned out to be "green" in
stead of "seasoned" hands. They could
not keep steam in the boilers, and conse
quently the vessel fell behind time.
The Aiameda After a Few Minor Mishaps Completes Her First Round Trip
Since Her New Engines and Were Put In— Whaler Andrew Hicks
i Back From* Cruise—Sea Gulls Feasting on Marshes Back of Sausalito
OCEAN STEAMSH IPS FROM HAWAII
MAKE PORT BUT A FEW HOURS APART
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1901
Shipping Intelligence.
. ARRIVED. \u25a0 ' .
"Wednesday. October SO.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Olsen, 105 hours from
Port Hadlock.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Corona, - Glelow, 77 ' hours from San
Pedro, etc.
! Stmr Alameda, Herriman, 6 days 18% hours
from Honolulu.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 80 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Smith, 4% hours from
Amesport.
Stmr Edith, Hall, 107 hours from Seattle.
Ger stmr Sesostris, Pemme, \u25a0 75 hours from
Seattle; put ln to finish loading:.
Bark Amy Turner, "Warland, 16 ' days from
Hiio. *\u25a0-.-..\u25a0 . \u25a0•••—; • .
"Whaling bark Andrew Hicks, Shorey, SO days
from Okhotsk Sea.' • "\u25a0. •
Br bark Kllmeny, Jones, 140 days from Ant
werp. \u25a0(. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0:, : • •\u25a0 :
8chrAbbIe, ; Petersen, 3 days from Eureka.
Schr Archie .'and Fontie. Skipper, 16 hours
from Fisks Mill. '
Schr Ocean .,• Spray, Olsen, . 16 ' hours from
Bowens Landing. • • \u25a0 , •
' CLEARED. \u25a0 ' " . ."
• ' ","••'*\u25a0' '\u25a0" ' : ; Wednesdayl 1 October 30.
Ger stmr Ramses, Blelenberg, Seattle; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.- . ••
Br BhiD.. Lord ; Templetown, . \u25a0" McCracken,
Queenstown; Glrvin • &• Eyre.
• Br ship Allerton, Toye, Sharpness; Balfour,
Guthrle & Co. . ' . .
SAILED.
Wednesday, October 30. ,
Stmr' Matteawan, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick. Portland.
Stmr Santa Cru«, Hinkle. .
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Greenwood,- Fagerlund, .' \u25a0
Stmr Newsboy, Ahlstrom, -: — ;*.•' • •• ; •
Br shlo Maxwell, Young, Hull.
Br ship British General. Thomas, London.
Bark Willscott, Macloon, New Tork. \u25a0
Bktn Amaranth. . Bowes, Salina Cruz. ,
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. Bowens Land-
Schr Nettie Sundbor»r, Larsen. Point Arena.
' Schr Newark, Crangrle,
. SPOKEN. -
Aug 2, no position— Br ship Ardnamurchan,
from Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia.
Per Br ship Kllmeny— Sept 6, lat 68 S, Ion 72
W. Ger bark Windlne. for Iqulque.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Schr E K Wood, from San Pedro for Fair
haven, is stranded on Smith Island, Puget
Sound. Tujr Sea Lion Is'' standing- by. .
Later — Tugs returned this morning and re
port vessel on middle of north side of the
spit and has sustained no damage as yet. Tugs
made an unsuccessful attempt to float her.'
Another attempt will be made on evening of
Oct 30 at high tide. v .
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Abbie — Otto Ander»on, a native of
Sweden, became insane during the voyage, and
upon arrival was sent to the hospital.
Per bark Andrew, Hicks— Oct 28, lat 38 23 N.
Ion 128 40 W, saw a large German four-masted
ship steering to the southward. All well.
DIED AT SEA.
On board Br ship Kllmeny, Sept 4, lat 68 S,
Ion 67 W, Adolnh Anderson SJolseth, seaman,
a native of Norway, aged 24, fell from the
main upp«r topsail \u25a0' on deck and killed In
stantly. He was buried at sea.
. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 30, 10 pm— Weather
'oggy;^wlnd south, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REYES— Passed Oct 3ft. at 10 a m—
Stmr Lakrae. from Eureka, for San Pedro. .
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Noyo, hence
Oct 28. .
Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Pomona, hence Ocf29;
stmr Westport, hence Oct 28; stmr Noyo,
hence Oct 28. . .' — \u25a0'
Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Iaqua, for San Francisco.
FORT- BRAGG — Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Oct 29.
. TACOMA— Sailed, Oct 30— Stmr- City' of To
peka, for Alaska. v . \. .
Arrived Oct 30 — U S stmr Bear, from. Alaska,
via , Port Townsend ; Rubs bark Farwold. from
Seattle. • ,
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Oct 29— Schr
James H Bruce, from • Grays Harbor.
PORT- TOWNSEND— Passed \u25a0 Oct 30— Stmr
Queen, from Nome, for Seattle; stmr Valencia,
from Nome and Hunters Bay. for Seattle. \u25a0
. BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr
Gualala, hence Oct 29.
Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Luella. for San Fran
cisco. . . \u25a0 " " . ' • "-
SAN. DIEGO— Sailed Oct 30— Br stmr Carlisle
City. • for San • Francisco. . » "
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct '\u25a0 30— Stmr • Crusader,
from : Victoria: > tu>c \u25a0 Tatoosh. from" Seattle: Fr
bark Du - Guesclin, from Hamburg;- Fr bark
Lamoriclere has not , arrived in. : ,
! Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.-'' \u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'.\u25a0 ..'\u25a0.'•
- KLAWACK— Sailed Oct 23— Scbr . "W ' F Jew
ett, for San Francisco. \ J \u25a0 \u25a0- ,
"The bark Willscott sailed yesterday for New
Tork with 70,292 ctls barley, . valued at $65,000.
. The British ship Maxwell sailed yesterday for
Hull, England, with 48,250 ctls barley, .valued
at $48,250:. 11.179 ctls. wheat, valued at' $11,503;
30 cs wine, valued at $355, and 27,500 ft. lumber
dunnage, valued at $385. ; . *'
"The British ship Lord Tenipleton was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders, with 70,943
ctls wheat, valued at $74,500. and 13,000 ft. lum
ber dunnage, valued at $200. :
The British ship Allerton was cleared yester
day for Sharpness, England. • with 15,750 ctls
wheat, valued at $15,750; 54,020 ctls barley,
valued at $45,918, and 19,000 ft lumber dunnage,
valued at $285.
Shipments of Grain.
River for Liverpool, 39s 3d: the Bangalore, lum
ber on Pugret Sound, for Valparaiso for orders,
46s; the Hesper. lumber on Puget Sound, for
Fremantle or Geraldton, 62s 6d: the Henriette,
wheat at Portland, for Europe, 37s 6d; the Riv
erside, wheat at, Portland, for Europe, 41s 3d.
All of above. vessels were chartered prior to ar
rival.
The schooner Eva will load lumber at Eureka
for Hilo. .
' One beauty • about Jesse Moore "Whiskey is
you can always depend on Its purity. •
CHICAGO, Oct. 30.— The Grand Jury to
day voted Indictments against Dr. J. Smy
ser, former president of the State Dental
College, charged with forgery in the Issue
of ; bogus diplomas \ to dental , students.
Dentist Accused of Forgery.
WHALING BARK ANDREW HICKS THAT ARRIVED PROM OKHOTSK
SEA YESTERDAY. SHE WAS BUILT THIRTY-FIVE YEARS AGO,
BUT IS STILL SOUND AS A DOLLAR.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than, at Fort Point;
the height of tide la tha-aama at.both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 30. 1901.
* The time ball was not dropped to-day; mech
anism out of order. J. T. McMILLAN,
Nautical Expert. In charge.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Bel
genland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
BROWHEAD- Passed Oct 30— Stmr Phila
delphia, for Queenstown.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Oceanic,
from New York, for Queenstown; itmr Rhyn
land, from Philadelphia, for Queenstown.
CORONEL— Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Glamorgan
shire, from Portland, Or, for Hull, England.
16
Flannel Gown Sale
OUR NEW YORK BUYER MADE A
WONDERFUL PURCHASE OF WOMEN'S
! AND CHILDREN'S FLANNEL. NIGHT-
' GOWNS. WHICH . PLACES US IN A
, POSITION TO- SELL THEM. IN MANY
INSTANCES. AT ONE-HALF REGULAR
PRICES. ' IF YOU'RE NOT IN WANT
OF THESE GOODS AT PRESENT IT
WILL PAY YOU TO BUY THEM FOR
FUTURE USE.
Surely, Now s the Time to Buy.
QQ» For 65o ' WOMEN' S FLANI<ELi
OO V GOWNS.
PTA/-» For 7Bc WOMEN'S FLANNEL
OIJC GOWNa "
7Q r For $l.O0 WOMEN'S FLANNEL
C Ot GOWNS. «
CkELn For 91.50 WOMEN'S FLANNEL
UUt GOWNS.
Cl IR' For $1.T5 WOMEN'S FLAN-
«1>*»1O NEL GOWNS.
Sizes of Women's Gowns 32 to 46 bust
measurement.
A€%r* For 75c CHILDREN* S FLAN-
T-Zt NEL GOWNS.
DQrt For $1.00 CHILDREN'S FLAN-
DOt NEL GOWNS. \u25a0
We use the - best materials ln • all our
Flannel Wear — come ' ln pood colorings of
Pink and Blue .Stripes, also solid colors of
: Cream, i Pink and Blue and ; prettily trim-
med with. Braids, Beadlngs, Laces and In-
'.certlona. :. . : \u25a0 .
A FEW SNAPS IN FLANNEL
SKIRTS.
, O PS /-\u25ba For 4Oc WOMEN'S FLANNEL
A«t SKIRTS. . . -
\u25a0APir' For O5c WOJIEX'S FLANNEL
"4-OV SKIRTS." !
CQ/i For-OOc WOMEN'S FLANNEL
OJ/y SKIRTS..
'7'CC r . For" f< 1^15 WOMEN'S FLANNEL
C Ot SKIRTS.//
. These skirts are made ot best Cinderella
Flannel 1 and trimmed with flounces,' tucks,
laces and insertions. . . t •, <
WE CLOSE AT SIX O'CLOCK. -.
12124214 MARKET ST;,
'I 'r'-l \ Between Taylor and Jones. »
' ADVERTISEMENTS. ' _ _ [ -'_-
r=== W^mR^^m^s^. — i
Important Clearance Sale
$7.50, $5.00 and $4.50
Choice Portieres
Reduced to $3.50 pair.
If you have been waiting for a favorable oppor-
tunity, whereby -you. could purchase Portieres for
less than the usual outlay;— this offer should prove
very interesting.*, : . £
We willplace on sale commencing to-day a special lot of
Portieres at a great reduction from the regular seljing price.
They are broken lines — of many there are two pairs or more
of a kind — all new goods in beautiful colorings, of fine quality
and of; the very latest styles in Bagdad, Oriental, and Persian
cross striped; also solid colors, and two toned effects. Curtains
that formerly sold for $4.50, $5.00 and $7.50 a pair. Reduced
for this special sale to $3.50.
Tapestry Cushion Tops
A perfect imitation of Goblin Tapestry
At one-tenth of what the real would cost.
We have this week opened a large importation of Tapestry
Squares — size 20x20. These are a perfect imitation of
the real Goblin Tapestry and come in a large variety of the
choicest of designs — suitable for cushion covering — Price while
theylast 45 c. each
Just lar^ e *' ne °* °* usmon covers
in new subjects, comprising
Floral, Oriental, College, Smoker and Poster effects — at 25c,
50c, 75c and $1.25 each.
The Holidays are approaching and
Fancy Work Materials
are now in great demand
For the past quarter of a century it has been our pride to have
the best selected stock of fancy work materials — and having kept
pace with the steady advancement of Art Needlework we have
to-day one of the largest and most complete assortments in the
world, comprising all the best qualities at the . right prices.
Here you will find
Embroidery Silks
Woolen Yams of all descriptions and guaranteed full weight
Lace Materials Sli^S? 8 battenberg ' Duchess and Ara *
Beads of every kind used for crocheting Bags and Purses.
Tassels, Pompons, Cords, Fringes, Etc.
*********** *******^*****************««**^ ••\u2666••<\u25a0
I OUT OF TrtUfN f }*'« w «» t JO" trade particularly. Write to us t -" —
J UU 1 Ur IUWN 1 for a-nj information yon wish. We will answer J
I e-rt 1 vc \u2666 cheerfully. Our new illustrated catalogue mailed t
\u2666 rULftb ; 1 to yon free for th« asking. \u2666
' Sutter and Kearny Street '
.^^^^^H^^teSs a Bed * BED OPEN * «=-" a "^*
Cheapest and Best Folding Bed on Earth.
•* Jt *-«aESBtiy!llfiaP' Call and examine.
DED CLOSED.
Pft*rni A I in O/ niCnnil&IT FOR CASH for a short time on
NrrlllOl l\\/ \ N our elegant line of BEDROOM
01 LUInL LM/o UlOUUUIl I suits, chiffoniers, side-
boards and DRESSING
TABLES. \u25a0 .
Don t miss this opportunity— must make room for our new goods. Houses
furnished completely.
CASH OR CREDIT. .
KRAGEN FURNITURE Cfl. l0l5^^ tst '
TELEPHONE SOUTH 3TJ.
SPECIAL SALE
Three -day prices that
every economical house-
keeper should grab at.
These figures for Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday .^Z
only, remember. J
Sapolio, 4 cakes 25c
For cleaning'.
Regularly 3 for 23c.
Grape-Nuts, 2 pkgs. ..25c
A food for brain and nerve.
Regularly lac a pkg.
UnCie Jerry's Pancake
Flour, 3 pkgs 25c
Made from corn, rice, potatoes aad wheat.
Ready for use.
Regularly 10c a pkg;.
Black Figs, ib ......... .5c
Choice new Cal. black figs.
. Regularly 10c.
Furniture Polish,**^ 10 * •"&•**
The celebrated "IdeaL"
Unexcelled by any on the market. .
"Will renew old furniture.
Rosebud Wniskey . . %« SA »g« ±
The highest grade of whisky
produced ln America.
Regularly $1 25 and |3. '
Whisk Brooms, each. . .10c
A neatly finished whisk broom
with fancy handle. Regularly 15c
Key West Cigars, pntacfon-
• Invlnclbles. 3 for 25c; box of 25. *2.
Made from choice Havana tobacco.
NEW GOODS CONTINUALLY ARRTVTNO.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLJCITED-CATA- J J
LOGUE FREE. Ty
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market. '
TELEPHONE MAIN S522.
V STUCK IN THB MUD.
You will be as surely stock, if you
put your money into a poor, cheap ve-
hicle made by irresponsible manufac-
turers, who do not even put their name
on the vehicle they manufacture.
Four hundred vehicles shown on our
floor. .;— • ,
STUDEBAKET?
RROS.fOMPANY
- Market and Tenth Streets.
*T^?AM]KW£ri9"** MATERLirS OLASS-
-> > V^tfV r$r&l^'?'S, ES can tie used for near
vS^SypS2i3?w2to£: and far. George Mayerle.
MSS^rS^^flD 1071 H Market St.— Dear
Sir: After testlnff your
•sX'^sOiSo^Yi-" eyeglasses for a period of
— iCfwJSj^Kjty/;^ not leaa than three
-Z?<^2&££>fZi<^- months. I can heartily
• .^55%?/?/rJii!UY\^vS^ • recommend them to those
y^fllWSSSSS* ln need ot Slasses. They
</ /' V'VIH >\. * are the only glasses I can
find that I can see at a distance with, as well
as near by. HodIhk . others may profit by my
experience. I am youra. E. N. Davis. Mayor of
Los Gatos. Cal. Mayerle's (Classes strengthen
the eye and brain. German Eyewater, 60c.
George Mayerle, German expert optician. Cut
this out. 1071'/i Market st.. near 7th. Look for
Mayerle's trademark. -
—b . g r—i gr^r per jianextly
' r"B E 6** 6 "5 CURED. No sursery
M B B*mJ MS *•— " or delay. Names oC
SO prominent business men sent as reference.
600 cures ln S. .F. For particulars address
PHYS1CIAX. box tXM. Call offlo. \u25a0 \u25a0 j^ >
The Weekly Call.
ONE DOLLAR PER TEAR
Hale^ I Bale's.
Waist Day! I flW\\
I There is a go and chicness . 1 /I / / )
1 about Hale's waists that make I/A j, // /
I them distinctive; that tell of .taste I V \\ /Z^N^^^
'I and care in making. Take this \ V^Sl/^
1 French flannel waist we picture, -^-- - J
I for example, and note the new- .
1 style collar and cuffs; look it over and you will find the
I sewing to be carefully done, the seams properly finished;
J try it on and you know it is correctly cut — a perfect fit as- "1
J sured; it buttons in the back; the yoke is handsomely (
I trimmed with four rows of braid. .You can get this in red,
1 blue or brown $2.95 .
\ Descriptions of five other charming styles follow:
• I Iiadies' All-Wool Tricot Waist — Made with French back, tucked yoke
-I and Bishop sleeves — seams are finished. Comes in red. tan. royal
1 blue and black... $2.95
I X.adies' French. Flannel "Waist — Made with full front and French back:
I has new style cuffs and silk- finished collar— the colors are red!
H navy, light blue and black, set off with white polka dots $3.45
I Ladies' French. Flannel Waist — Has Bishop sleeves and new-style col-
1 . Iar, with tie of black silk— comes in popular shades of red, ; light
I . blue, navy and black, and is relieved by a, pretty hair line stripe
I very stylish I 98.75
\u25a0 Etamine Waists — Having the new plaited yoke and pretty stock with !
fl silk top collar — colors are gray, old rose and dark sreen...93.75
I French Flannel Waist—With rows of braid and tucks down front and
. 1 back, tucked Bishop cuffs and black silk collar — in red. ereen and
I tan $4.5O
I In bIac^' brown or navy, as best suit3
-J^^^^^S^^^S 1 yO TniI eq styi e i?h en FiXT SHORT-BACK
l&SSSi^^lri^ I SAIL0R HAT > pleasingly trimmed W
NJ^^^^^gK^X^^ga^ r 1 with Persian silk scarf and feather pom- Y)
\u25a0 \u25a0 *f \u25a0#'!» •sSilr . } $1.25. il
.> .^jSLr'-' -,--.-, , J
I In order to give you just what you wish in
I shoes, we have incorporated in our fooiwear of
1 this price every quality that particular people
i require in footwear. We have had our $$.-$o
H shoes made of good durable leather that they
p may stand long wear. We have had them finished
I in the stunning effects that distinguish this
g season's styles, and formed in the exclusive
B shapes that make our shoes so desirablv
I different from the commonplace kind. We will
I Rive you all that you could expect, and more
I than you do expect in shoes, for $3.50.