The Swallow and her tow were off Long
Point late Friday night, when the gale
was at its height. The wind was square
abeam and the steamer shipped great
quantities of water from every wave that
struck her. At 2 o'clock Saturday morn
ing the water was three feet* deep in the
engine room and her fires wer^ put out.
Captain Quinlan decided to abandon the
vessel. Signals of distress were given and
the towllne cut. The crew lowered the
yawl and put off. The Swallow lurched
and her deckload of lumber came tumbling
down about the yawl, but not enough of
the timber struck the craft to swamp it,
and the men reached the Manitou after a
fierce battle with the waves.
BUFFFALO, N. Y., Oct. 20.— The vessel
that foundered in Saturday morning's gale
off Long Point was the steamer Swallow,
lumber-laden, bound from Emerson, Lake
Superior, to Buffalo. The crew of ten
men were taken off the steamer by -her
consort, the wooden barge Manitou, with
great difficulty. The Northern Pacific
barge Walter Scranton picked up the
Manitou Saturday evening and towed her
into port to-night.
Crew of Ten Hen Reaches Shore
After Fierce Battle With
the Waves.
LUMBER LADEN STEAMER
FOUNDERS IN A STORM
All the powder marks are on the side
of the head toward the door through
which Mrp. Mayer entered and saw the
suicide of her daughter's slayer, the bed
separating her from the murderer.
The father of the dead girl has been in
Alaska, engaged in mining for some time,
and is now on his way home. The family
were looking forward with great expec
tancy to a happy reunion. Of the mur
derer but little is known. He is said to
be a native of Smyrna, about 23 years of
age. John Bahan, a relative of the fam
ily,' said they were continually annoyed
by his persistent following of Mabel and
had done all they could to keep him
away, but he persisted in visiting at the
house.
Although the bedclothing was disar
ranged, there was no appearance of a
struggle. Stano had evidently placed the
pistol, a cheap v.capon of 32 caliber, to
the head of the child and fired the three
shots. Mabel was evidently sleeping
when the deed was committed.
The attempt of Mrs. Mayer to enter
the room apparently caused Stano to
shift his position and to walk around the
foot of the bed, opposite to the side from
which ho had fired the shots.
" 'I've killed Mabel and I am going to
kill myself.' he said. He put the pistol
at once to his head and the fourth shot
was fired. He dropped in a heap between
Mabel's clothes closet and the bed, and I
ran out to give the alarm."
"It was three short, sharp sounds." she
told Deputy Coroner McCormlck, "and I
thought some boards had fallen. I went
to Mabel's door, found it locked, and then
I went around the side of the house to
the kitchen so as to get into her room.
"Stano was standing by the Bide of the
bed. Mabel was lying as if asleep, but
there were blood stains on the piilow on
which her head rested, and blood flowing
from her temple. Stano was standing at
the opposite side of the bed with a pistol
in his hand.
In a rear room in hir mother's home
at 50S^ Jessie street, 13-year-old Mabel
Franklin Mayer was shot three times In
the head, at an early hour this morn
ing, dying ' instantly, and John Stano,
the murderer, put a bullet through his
brain, dropping doad by the side of the
bed in which his victim lay. He shot
himself just as Mrs. Mayer, mother of
the murdered girl, entered the room, say
ing as he turned the pistol on himself,
"I have killed Mabel and I am going to
kill myself."
Stano, the murderer and suicide, has
known the girl for about two years and
has been insanely Jealous of her. He
has been employed off and on as a waiter
in restaurants on Sixth street, in the vi
cinity of his victim's residence, and also
as quartermaster on the transport Meade.
The murdered girl attended the Clement
Grammar School and was considered a
bright pupil. For the last two years
Stano has been paying her attention.
He was a constant visitor at the house.
He was admitted last night about the
usual hour, but the young girl had re
tired. He went directly to her room,
which is in the rear part of the house
and connected with the kitchen. The
mother and some friejpds were in the front
of the. house.' Mrs. "Mayer was awaltlnj; 1
the arrival of some members of the fam
ily when 6he heard a peculiar sound in
the rear room.
Dr. Palmer at once dressed the wounds
cf the Injured cook and made him as com
fortable as possible. The physician found
twelve incised wounds of the scalp, all
exposing the bone, but he could not state
whether the ckull had been fractured.
The police were Immediately notified,
but as yet have secured no clew as to the
identity of the highbinder or the motive
for the crime. They believe the deed to
have been an aftermath of the recent
Chinatown war.
At this juncture Dr. Palmer and the
members of his family rushed to the rear
of the house. They had heard the cries
for help. When the highbinder became
aware of their presence he paused in his
brutal work and prepared for escape.
Turning: from his position over his bleed
ing victim he started back for the stair
way. The woman, who had already dis
played such braveryt followed and suc
ceeded in catching hold of his blouse. She
was dragged into the street and there
forced to release her hold and watch the
Chinese dash away.
As the two Chinese came out of the pan
try the servant, Agnes, attracted by the
chase, came Into the hallway. Darkness
prevented her from getting a good view
of the trag-edy that was being committed,
but she knew that murder was being done
from the agonizing cries of the cook and
the thud of the hatchet blows. Without
hesitation she ran upon the struggling
pair. The highbinder continued his ruth
less work, heedless of her presence. The
woman seized his arm and tried to
wrest the weapon from him. She was
thrust back and the hatchet blows fell as
before.
With a cry of terror the cook sprang
back and out of the room. The high
binder was after him and with upraised
hatchet followed him up the stairway
leading to the first floor. Along a dark
hallway the pair ran, the hatchet wiolder
making several passes with his weapon
as he rushed along. Where the hallway
comes to an end Tsoy saw all means of
escape cut off. As a last resort he
cafhed into a pantry and attempted to
close the door. The highbinder, with
superior strength, prevented this and
Tsoy sprang outside again. Then the
would be murderer commenced his bloody
•work, chopping the marked man's head
until he brought him almost Insensible
to the floor.
The cook saw the figure of another Chi
nese crouching in the corner. He realized
what it meant m an instant. A price was
en his head, and the man he had sur
prised In the butler's room was there to
claim it.
The home of Dr. George H. Palmer at
the corner of Jackson and Steiner streets
vas the scene last niffht of one of the
boldest highbinder crimes ever perpetrat
ed In this city. A Chinese cook employed
by the family was attacked in the house
by a hatchetman and his head so horri
bly chopped that death may result. The
deed was committed in the presence of
one of the women servants. Notwith
standing her presence the hired murderer
did not cease his dastardly assault until
his victim fell, with twelve gaping wounds
In his scalp, and the entire family had been
aroused and had rushed to scene. The
woman servant, whose name is Agnes,
tried to disarm the highbinder, and, cling
ing to his blouse, was dragged into the
etreet. There she was obliged to relin
quish her hold and the assassin, with the
bloody hatchet still in his hand, ran down
Steiner street and disappeared.
The victim of the attack has been em
ployed in the physician's home for nearly
seven years. His name is Tsoy Sin. He
5s steady in his habits and seldom visits
Chinatown, as is customary among Mon
golian servants working in households. H s
disposition to remain in his quarters at
nlg-ht was probably known to the tong
that designed the destruction of his life.
On thif account the old-time "custom of
watching an opportunity to commit mur
der in the streets was abandoned for the
bold plot put into execution last night.
Tscy finished his work in the kitchen
shortly after 7 o'clock -in the evening. He
started down into the basement and,
passing the butler's room, observed that
a light was burning in It. Calling the
butler's name be received no reply. Then
he pushed the door open and stepped into
the apartment.
Standing by His Victim's Bedside, in
a Jessie-Street Tenement, He
Sends a Bullet Into His
Brain.
Hired Murderer Wields a Hatchet
With Terrible Effect in the t
Basement of the Physi
cian's House.
John Stano, a Wait*er, Shoots
. . Youthful Mabel F.
4 Mayer.
Woman Servant Struggles
With Assassin and Tries.
to Disarm Him.
Terrible Crime of Man
Who Is Crazed With
i Jealousy.
Chinese Badly Chopped
in Dr. Palmer's Res
idence.
SLAYS A GIRL
AND HIMSELF
AT MIDNIGHT
HIGHBINDER
ENTERS HOME
TO MURDER
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 20. — The
United States Legation is still without \
definite news, from either Rev. Dr. H. C.
Haskell or Rev. J. W. Baird of the Con
gregational mission at Samakov, Bulga
ria, who have been endeavoring to get
into touch with the abductors of M1S3 El
len M. Stone, the missionary, and Mine.
Tsllka, her companion, with a view of ar
ranging as to the ransom demanded by
the brigands.
Mr. Baird, who was at Djumabalo, has
returned to Samakov, indicating his fail
ure to communicate with the brigands
from the Turkish side. All efforts will
now be concentrated on the Bulgarian
side. V;^-U-
LEGATION STILL AWAITS
NEWS FROM MISSIONARIES
The purpose of the President's coming
is to visit his sister, the wife of Com
mander W. S. Cowles, U. S. N. He will
be accompanied by Senators Hawley and
Platt, Commander Cowles, Secretary Cor
telyou and Theodore Blngham. Prepara
tions for police protection have been made
at the request of Washington official*,
twenty constables having been detailed
for special duty on that day.
On Wednesday morning at 8:10 o'clock
the President will leave for New Haven
to attend the Yale bicentennial exercises.
FARMINGTON, Conn., Oct. 20.—Ar
rangements for the visit of President
Roosevelt to this town next Tuesday in
clude the dedication of a tree which is to
be planted on the village green by the
townspeople and named the McKlnley,
Oak. There will be a reception in the aft-'
ernoon to the young ladies of a boarding
school and 100 other invited guests.
President to Take Part in Service in
Honor of McKinley.
WILL DEDICATE OAK TREE.
othy Dwlght, president of Yale College
from 1795 to 1817. Then was sung the dox
ology, and the benediction was pro
nounced by Rev. Timothy Dwight, presi
dent of the university from 1S66 to 1S95.
Services in Many Churches.
Meanwhile, special bicentennial services
were held in other churches of the city
and special sermons were preached by
Rev. Newman Smyth, in the Center
Church: Rev. Joseph Anderson of Water
bury, in the United Church, and Rev.
Walter Wesley Battershall of Albany, In
Trinity Church. All of these churches
are located on the historic green, adja
cent to the college property.
This afternoon, at 3 o'clock. Rev. George
Park Fisher, president of ecclesiastical
history and dean of the Yale Divinity
School, delivered an address on "Yale
university In Its Relations to Theology
and Missions." He said in part:
••As to the theology within the precincts
of the university in the last four or five
decades, the period is too recent to be re
viewed at length on the present occasion.
It was a period, in all enlightened coun
tries, of concentration of thought and in
quiry upon the historical foundations of
Christianity, including the life, the per
son and the work of Christ. It has intro
duced a new epoch in Biblical criticism,
which compels a reconsideration of the
crucial question of the seat of authority,
with particular reference to the inspira
tion and authority of the Bible. More
over the state of "philosophy and new
teachings and theories of natural science
have called for a reconstruction of the
foundations of theism. They have neces
sitated a new fortifying of the citadel of
all religious faith.
Yale's Higher Criticism.
•'It may be said with propriety that
Ya.*-- has been neither indifferent nor si
lent" on these cardinal questions of world
wide Interest. It is proper to mention that
in the field of apologetics the' effort here
has been to deal with the new problems
in a spirit of candor, with mingled fear
lessness and discretion. As to the ques
tions grouped under the head of the
higher criticism, whatever may be judged
of the wisdom or want of wisdom in the
Yale teaching, this at least can be af
firmed that there has been no evasion of
them and little inclination on the part
of Yale Instructors, ostrich-like, to hide
their heads in the sand, and, on the
whole, I venture to say the usual en
deavor has been, as in all prervious pe
riods of our academic history, to unite a
genuine liberality with a wise and ten
able conservatism." '
To-night the hotels and boarding houses
are rapidly filling, and new arrivals are
constant. The weather Is superb, and all
day the streets of the city have been filled
by sightseers. To-morrow will be de
voted principally to ceremonies of official
welcome.
WASHINGTON, . Oct. 20. — President
Roosevelt will spend a day in Farming
ton, Conn., the summer home of his slater.
Mrs. Cowles, before going to New Haven,
where he is to have the degree of LI* T>.
conferred upon him by Tale University.
Accompanied by Secretary Cortelyou, the
President will leave Washington to-mor
row afternoon, arriving in Farmington
on Tuesday morning.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20.— Bishop Henry C.
Potter of. New York arrived here early
to-day on his way East from the Triennial
Episcopal Convention at San Francisco*.
He preached at Grace church at the morn
ing ' service to an immense congregation.
He left to-night for New Haven, Conn.,
to be present at the bicentennial celebra
tion of Yale University. rt-
The Manila constabulary discovered a large quantity of steel wagon
springs, which were being shipped to various districts. Investigation showed
that these were to be used in manufacturing bolos.
• The troops in Samar expect hard fighting. Brigadier General Jacob H.
Smith, who is in command, has visited most of the ports and instructed the
commanders that the insurrection must be hammered out and General Luk
ban, the insurgent leader, captured. Already the movement of troops has
General Lacuna, who surrendered last May. has complained to General
Chaffee that the terms upon which he and his force surrendered have not
been respected by the Americans. He exhibits a document signed by himself
and-General Frederick Funston in which he and his force are granted im
munity in respect to all acts committed contrary to the laws of war. Since
the document several of Lacuna's officers and men have been tried, con
demned and sentenced to death for killing American prisoners. General Fun
ston says that when it was signed he gave Lacuna orally to understand that
the killing of American prisoners was excepted. Lacuna admits that some
thing was" said on the subject, but says no thorough understanding was
reached, and he considers the written agreement binding.
FEARS GENERAL RENEWAL OF INSXTRRECTION.
•WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.— More troops will be sent to the Island of
Samar if the condition -does, not improve, and the forces in the Philippines
will be greatly strengthened. It is "estimated that there are at this time only
30oo,troopsirr Samar, These consist of- what the 'natives in the recent en
gagement have left of .the Ninth Infantry, the First Infantry, four com
panies of the Seventh Infantry, one battalion of the Sixth Infantry and 150
nati/e "scouts. A detachment of the Sixth Infantry has just been sent.
General Hughes, in the opinion of the War Department, has not appre
ciated the serious character of the opposition in Samar or has failed to get
the men he needed to cone with the-insurrection. General Hughes has gone
to Cebu to recuperate and General Smith is acting in his stead.
If is feared here that if quick steps are not taken to stamp out the Samar
revolt it will spread rapidly to the other islands that have only recently
been pacified after years of fighting. The policy of the department is under
stood to be to rush troops to Samar from the other islands, and, if they can
not well be spared from their present posts to fill their places with drafts
from the United States. The impression is growing that this is a time for
very vigorous measures if what has been gained in some islands is not to be
lost.
NATIVES ABE MANUFACTURING BOLOS.
nANILA, Oct. 20.— Owinjr to the vigilance of Lieutenant Thomas M.
Baines Jr. of the Ninth United States Infantry another slaughter of
American troops by the insurgents has been averted Lieutenant
Baines discovered a prisoner re-entering a cell at Carbiga. Island of
Samar, where several were confined, through a hole that had been made in the
wall. An investigation showed a plan to. fill the jail with bolomen and to call
the guard, which would be necessary to get the door open, and then to attack
the garrison. It also developed that the instigators were a priest and the
presidents both of whom have been arrested, together with several other
prominent persons.
Other attempts have been discovered, but fortunately frustrated, at Pam
bujan and other points in Samar. Several persons .have been arrested in
connection with these.
Reinforcements are beine. rushed to Samar. Three hundred and thirty
marines, under Lieutenant Colonel Mancil C. GoodrelK have gone there
aboard the cruiser New York and two battalions of the Twelfth Infantry will
start immediateFy for the same destination.
Officers from other provinces that were supposed to be pacified have re
cently arrived in Manila and they say that the news of the American disas
ters spread like wild fire among the natives, who scarcely attempt to conceal
their delight.
Vigilance of an \ Infantry Lieutenant Frus
trates Plot for Another Massacre of Amer
ican Troops on the Island of Samar
TRIBES REGARDED
AS PACIFIED ARE
TAKING UP ARMS
TRADITIONS OF NEW ENGLAND
FOREFATHERS ARE OBSERVED IN
YALE'S ANNIVERSARY SERVICES
WAR SPIRIT REVIVES THROUGHOUT PHILIPPINES
AND AMERICAN TROOPS FACE HARD FIGHTING
; On the -rostrum ' in Battel- Chapel i set
President Arthur Twining Hadley. At^his
right was Rev. 'Joseph Twitchell of Hart
ford, the preacher of the bicentennial ser
mon. To his left was Thomas. G. Bennett
of-, the ' Yale Corporation, | Next • to Dr.*
Twitchell .sat former'' President Timothy
Dwight.! r On /one end'. was \u25a0 Henry ; How
land of : New,,York, . on i the > other j Rev'
Charles. Ray Palmer, both fellows of -the
University \ Corporation// All /wore' the
Scene 'in Battel Chapel.
scheme of color was. broken only, by the
graceful- 'olds < of ! the 'stars and stripes.
The principal streets had 'become arch
ways of blue, 'adorned at intervals with
pictures of President Roosevelt, who on
Wednesday, is to be Yale's guest. '
The city had decked itself in xYale's col
ors and presented a splendid \ spectacle.
Blue draperies were "intertwined with
new-cut evergreens, and this general
Yale College. The celebration
was ushered in with religious ceremonies
in Battel Chapel, performed in accord
ance with. the devout and reverent tradi
tions of the- good old New England days;
when the little handful of clergymen
gathered and with prayerful supplications
asked divine blessing upon the institution
which they had : conceived and brought
forth. The j old hymns were sung, and
powerful sermons were uttered. "
NSW HAVEN, Qonn., Oct. 20. —
Yale University began to-day the
celebration of the two hundredth
anniversary of the founding of
gowns of their offices. Below, in the choir
stalls, sat a picked choir of students. The
body of the chapel was occupied, in the
center aisle, by distinguished delegates
and \ guests, • who wore academy gowns,
with hoods of many coiors.
The seats of the side aisles were filled
with Yale graduates, while the three gal
leries were reserved for ladles.
The service began at 10:30 a. m. A chant
by the choir was followed by the Lord's
Prayer. President Hadley read a lesson
from the Scriptures, and, after the Te
Deum,. the congregation sang Psalm ixv."
Rev. Joseph Hopkins Twitchell of Hart
ford, senior feflow of the corporation,
preached the sermon.
The " closing hymn was "I Love Thy
Kingdom, Lord." : written by Rev. Tim-
Celebration of Old Eli's .Two Hundredth Birthday Qpens in Battel
Chapel With Ceremonies Performed in Accordance. Wih the
Simple Faiih of the Puritans Who Founded the University
DISTINGUISHED HEAD OF YALE ' UNIVERSITY AND "THREE -COLLEGE BUILDINGS— TWO OLD AND ONE
NEW— ON THE NEW HAVEN GROUNDS WHERE THE TWO' HUNDREDTH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION
IS NOW TAKING PLA'CE. ' : , \u25a0.' ":' \u25a0''- \ '\u25a0 ' ' .' . \u25a0' . - .'
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1901.
VOLUME XC— NO. 143.
Agitating Against Dueling.
LEIPSIG. Oct. 20.— The Anti-Dueling
Congress, which opened here yesterday,
has appointed a committee, including
Prince Carl Lowenstein, Count Stolberg-
Erbach and Baron Oelsnitz, to take ac
tive measures td foster the agitation
againEt dueling. At to-day'« session a
hope was expressed that Emperor Wil
liam would assist the movement.
The San Francisco Call.NAPA, Oct. 20.— The . sessions of the
California Synod of the Presbyterian
church closed here to-night. It has been
: a most interesting and successful one, and
the reports from all parts of the State are
to the effect- that thi church is fast gain
•ing ground. Santa Barbara was selected
as the place for the synod meetingin 1902.-
Presbyterians Conclude Sessions.
Residents of Kiobenhand Expelled.
KIEL, Oct. 20.— The Kielejr Zeitung an
nounces that eleven residents of the vil
lage of Kiobenhand, near the Danish fron
tier, have been expelled for publicly ad
vocating the reunion of Schleswig with
Denmark.'
SALT LAKE, Utah, Oct. 20.— President
George J. Gould of the Missouri Pacific,
with officials of that road, the Denver and
Rio Grande and the Rio Grande Western,
left to-day by special train over the latter
road for Denver. During the afternoon the
Park City branch was inspected and to
night the special tied up at Spnngville.
To-morrow the famous Tintic minine dla
trict will be visited, then the San Pete
Valley branch will be inspected, after
which the party will depart for the East.
In an interview President Gould gave it
as his opinion that what Is most urgently
needed not only in this State, but through-'
out the arid States of the West, is the es
tablishment In the canyons and on high
grounds of a series of immense reservoirs
for storing water to be used in reclaiming
great areas in the valleys and deserts.-
This, he said, would solve the question of
irrigation, and to accomplish this end, all
the arid States should work together.
Believes Question May Be Solved by
Building Large Reservoirs on
High, Ground.
GOULD GIVES HIS VIEWS
ON" RECLAIMING ARID LA1TD
One of the anomalies of the campaign
Is the circumstance that George H. Clark
has won, the indorsement not only of the
Pastors' Union, made up of the clergymen
of the city, but also the indorsement of
the Retail Liquor Dealers' Association,
comprising the saloon-keepers of the
town. The ministers have indorsed Clark
because they say he has, as Mayor,
stopped gambling, - while -the liquor deal
ers bave indorsed him because he has al
lowed their nickel-in-the-slot machines to
•run, without hindrance.. Incidentally the
clergymen are "catching it" from many
of the parishioners, who say that the good
men have been passed a "plated brick"
and that they should keep their hands out
of the political pot, anyhow.
Clark has established a paper of his
own called the Independent, and it fairly
bristles with the pointed sarcasm of its
reputed editor in chief, Hiram W. John
son, who, with his brother, Albert M.
Johnson, conducted Clark's side of the fa
mous oil-land suit against Colonel J. B.
"Wright and others. While the" Johnson
brothers are speaking nightly for Clark
at the tent meetings, their father, Grove
L. Johnson, is as forcibly declaiming for
Land, and protesting- that even if the sons
are on the money side the parent is not.
The current sensation is the open charge
made by Edward Bruner that the proprie
tors of the' Signal, -organ of the Council
of Federated Trades, have attempted to
blackmail William Land out of $450. Bru
ner publicly denounces the Signal men as
scoundrels, and says he Is \u25a0 prepared to
prove his charge. He declares that the
Signal held its forms back from Saturday
to 'Monday in order to permit its publish
ers to extort $450 from the Republican
candidate and, 'failing in this, the paper
came out with a scathing arraignment of
Land and has continued its abuse of that
nominee.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 2O.-The Mayor
alty campaign • grows warmer aa it pro
gresses. While there are no less than four
candidates in the field the actual fighting
has narrowed down to the forces, of Wil
.liam Land, the Republican nominee, and
George H. Clark, Independent. Rival
; meetings are held on the same nights, and
vocalists, musicians, jugglers and other
entertainers are enlisted to supplement
the allurements of spellbinders in holding
the crowds. Clark goes about town with
a tent, .which \u25a0 he pitches on vacant lots,
and a band . : riding about in a tallyho
drums' up the expectant multitude.
Land, on the. other hand, affects fire
works and resounding anvils in the open
air, and both plans of campaign appear
to have caught popular favor. Meanwhile
James H. Devine, the Democratic candi
date, is making capital out of the contrast
presented by the standing alone on his
public record and declining to violate the
purity of election law by permitting ex
cessive expenditures in his interest: Gen
eral Tozer, tne Municipal League candi
date, deserted by the very men who were
foremost in forming the reform organiza
tion, is pluckily making his . fight, al
though with small chance of success.
KESWICK, Oct. 20.-A wildcat sprang
at Emll Holden's throat yesterday as he
and Dr F. W. Archer were hunting on
Clear Creek beyond Igo, and made a des
perate fight. While walking over the hilla
the hunters discovered the cat "ouched
on the branch of a tree. Th^y flred five
shots at it with a revolver. Some of tho
bullets took effect and the animal sprang
from the tree upon Holden's back.
Archer rushed to Holden's assistance, as
the animal was clawing him. He was
afraid to flre again for fear of injuring
Holden, and seizing the beast by the
throat the doctor held it tightly until he
had choked »t to death.
The men brought the wildcat to town.
It Is the size of a full-grown bulldog.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fireworks, Tent and Abund
ant Melody. Among the
- -r --Attractions.
Bullets Enrage the Beast and
Start It From Its
Cover.
is no reason to believe he will change his
attitude in the least."
This announcement, coming from a high
authoritative auarter will set at rest all
rumors which have been in circulation
since Mr. Roosevelt's entrance into the
White House that he proposes" to inter-'
vene in some way in behalf of the Boers.
These rumors have created some annoy
ance in official quarters, especially one
published yesterday, announcing that the
United States was sounding- the powers
of continental Europe with a view of as
certaining if they were prepared to -act
with her in • restoring peace in South
Africa. ;
No such \u25a0 action has been taken or is
Shasta County Hunter
\ Has Battle With an
1 , Animal.
Spectacular Features in
Sacramento. Mayor
alty Fight.
Attacking Party Loses Two Killed and Three Wounded in a Short
Combat That Ends in Flight, of the Patriots— Greater Part
of Cape Colony Is Reported to Be fNow in Open Rebellion
WILDCAT LEAPS
AT HIS THROAT
CANADIAN SCOUTS SURPRISE
BOER LAAGER NEAR BALMORAL
HUMOR ENLIVENS
THEIR CAMPAIGN
INTREPID/ BOER LEADER WHO IS DECLARED IN A LETTER FROM A PRETORIA BURGHER TO HAVE DIEd'
IN THE FIELD AFTER SUFFERING TERRIBLE AGONY FROM A WOUND INFLICTED BY A SPLINTERED
SHELL*. * " » .. * \u25a0 \u25a0 (
; CANTON, Ohio, Oct. 20.— Surgeon Gen
eral Sternberg of Washington left to
night for Columbus on official business.
He was a guest at the McKinley home'to
aay.' It is given out that he stopped here
merely aa an old friend of the McKinleys
to make a social call on Mrs. McKinley
She is said to be /'doing nicely." There
was no change in her condition that called
for the presence of Surgeon General
Sternberg In consultation.
Mrs. Mcjtinley Still Improving.
BODY OF SEKTATOH DAVIS
TO BEST IN" WASHINGTON
People of Minnesota Deplore Widow's
Decision to Remove It From
That State.
ST. PAUL. Oct. 2O.-Mrs. C. K. Davis
left to-night for Washington, where she
will hereafter, make her home. Previous
to her departure she had the body of her
late husband disinterred and will take It
to Washington for burial in the national
cemetery. The fact that the distinguished
Senator's body was to be removed from
the State which had honored him In life
was not known until to-day, and has
caused considerable comment. It had
been proposed to erect a mausoleum in
one of the city parks, wherein the body
might be entombed, and a measure look
ing to this end was considered by the last
State Legislature. However, no action
had been taken, and It Is said that Mrs
Davis, becoming displeased with the de
lay, determined to remove the remains to
Washington. ,
Servia "Wants Russia's Friendship.
BELGRADE, Oct. 20.— King Alexander
to-day opened the new Servia Skupt
schina. The speech from the throne
pledged the monarch to uphold the new
constitution, expressed gratification at the
correct and friendly relations maintained
by Servia with foreign states and em
phasized Servia's "traditional policy of
securing the friendship and confidence of
Russia.". - n
Britain Annexes an Island.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The British cruiser
Plyades reports, says a dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Sydney, N. S. W., that
she has annexed Ocean Island, west of
the Gilbert Islands. The island, which has
hitherto been a British protectorate, is
rich in phosphates.
• The case is probably one of the strang
est of its kind ever called to the attention
of. the people of Massachusetts. Dr. Jack
son is a Scotchman by birth, but now,
after ten years here, he has taken out
naturalization papers..
'Rev. J. M. Foster, pastor of the church
from which Jackson was suspended! is
quoted as making the following statement
in regard to the case: >.
'.'We look upon the Constitution of the
United, States as an' immoral document
and an insult to the Almighty, in that it
makes no mention whatever of God and
claims for the people that sovereign pow
er-which, belongs to God alone. We re
fuse to accept the Constitution thus de
fective and cannot swear allegiance to
BOSTON, Oct. 20.— James Jackson of
Cambridge, who was suspended from
membership in the Second Reformed
Presbyterian Church because, on becom
ing an. American citizen, he. took. the oath
to uphold the Constitution of the United
States, proposes to fight the ruling. Jack
son took part in to-day's services at the
church. \u25a0 • • . .
A big slide occurred near \u25a0 Pennington
and the snow sheds just erected were
wrecked. Three days is the minimum
time before ' trains can be moved • on the
road. The losses will easily foot to $75,
000. When the waters began to make their
appearance around the doors of houses in
Skaguay on the low ground considerable
excitement prevailed, and as the rain con
tinued in torrents, all persons made prepa
rations to move. Captain Jenks of the
United States army ordered the military
out and they rendered ' assistance in sav
ing both life and property.
The carrying away of bridges, along the
railroad means a great loss to men at
Dawson who were shipping in machinery
for winter mining purposes, as the ma
chinery now at Skaguay cannot be moved
until the road is repaired, and by that
time the river will be frozen so that the
machinery cannot reach Dawson until
spring. .,
The steamer Centennial, reported ashore
near Teller City by the steamer St. Paul,
arrived In quarantine last night, bringing
450 passengers. The Centennial , sailed
from Nome October 9. Among her passen
gers were thirty who were destitute and
were brought down by the steamer | free
of charge. The Centennial's passengers
report that at St. Michael winter had
practically set. in and that the streets were
frozen \u25a0 and snow had commenced ,to \u25a0 f all.
PORT TOWNSKND, Wash., Oct. -20.—
Skaguay and vicinity have been visited
by a disastrous rainstorm, according 1 to
passengers arriving on the City of Seat
tle to-day. The storm caused great loss
of property. On the afternoon of October
13 a torrent of water rushed down the
valley. Three bridges were wrecked, the
roadbed of the White Pass and Yukon
Railroad was washed away in places, and
the water front between Broadway and
the bluff was . inundated. - - " -.
SPOKANE. Wash., Oct. 20.— For three
<5ays 2000 Yakima Indians have been hold-
Ing what they call a "cultus potlatch" at
Toppenlsh. This is an annual time of
feasting, dancing and drinking, celebrat
ing the close of a successful harvest sea
son. The Indians -have received larger
returns than usual this year, both from
leasing their lands to white farmers and
from hop picking. As a result money is
free with them and they have been
eclipsing: former records in debauchery.
Indians Hold Sonorous Bevel.
Denounces Constitution
of United- States as
Immoral.
Torrent of Water From
Mountains Destroys
Bridges. .
TACOMA. Oct. 20.— Oriental advices re
ceived to-day contain Important news of
Bteamship extensions by Japanese com
panies. The Toyo Kaisen Kalsha, oper
ating the Nippon Maru, America Maru
and Hongkong Maru between Hongkong
and San Francisco. >has decided to con
struct two Pacific liners of at least 10.000
registered tonnage. The Japanese steam
ers will be built in Japan. The companv
will not issue new stock, but will instead
raise money frcm reserve funds and by
the Issue of debentures.
"Will Build Japanese Steamers.
contemplated by the administration. It is
furthermore said that no power of Eu
rope has made any representations to thu
United States on the subject of interfer
ence in South Africa, and it appears to
have become the settled purpose of Eu
rope to say no heed to the appeals of
President Kruger and his committee.
STORM SWEEPS
UPON SKAGUAY
sor F. Demaartens of the University of
St. Petersburg, who is also a member of
the Russian Privy Council, the Brussels
correspondent' of the Standard denies that
he has any mission from the Russian
Government bearing upon the South Afri
can situation and asserts that Boers
BOSTON CHURCH
BARS PATRIOTS
circles in Brussels discredit the possibil
ity of Russian Intervention.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. - "President
Roosevelt is entirely in harmony with the
policy of the late President McKinley in
all matters connected with the war In
South Africa, and, so far as known among
his most intimate official associates, there
Judge Newman holds that the set-off
should he allowed as well as in cases
where the payment was innocently re
ceived as in cases where It was not.
Judge Newman subsequently passed an
order authorizing the trustee to take the
case to the Circuit Court of Appeals at
New Orleans for review.
Another section of the 'bankruptcy act
authorizes a set off to a creditor who has
received a preference for the amount of
goods which had been sold to the bank
rupt subsequent to the payment re
ceived if the goods entered into and be
came a part of the bankrupt estate. The
question before Judge Newman was as to
whether such a set-off would be allowed
in the case of a creditor whose prefer
ence was not knowingly received.
ATLANTA, Ga.. Oct. 2O.-Judge W. T.
Newman of the United States District
Court has handed down an opinion of in
terest to the mercantile community and
the legal profession at large. The Su
preme Court of the United States " has
decided under a section of the bankruptcy
law that apayment received by acreditor
of a bankrupt \u25a0within four months preced
ing the filing of the petition in bankruptcy
must be surrendered before the creditor
shall be allowed to prove his claim in
bankruptcy, whether the payment >as'
received knowingly or not:
United States District Judge Inter
prets the Section Relating to
a Set Off.
IMPORTANT DECISION
ON BANKRUPTCY LAWS
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2O.-Many Los
Angeles pulpits were filled to-day by
visiting Bishops of the Bpiscopal church,
•who are en route home from the San
Francisco General Convention of that de
nomination. Bishop Dudley preached in
the morning at St. Paul's Pro-Cathedral
Bishop Atwell at Christ's Church and
Bishop Gailor at St. John's Church In
the afternoon Bishop Hall spoke at St
John's, as also did Bishop • Gravatt
Bishop McVicker addressed the Y. M*
C- A. meeting in the afternoon. Most of
the visiting Bishops addressed a mis
sionary meeting at the pro-cathedral in
the evening.
Bishops Speak in the South.
The Santa Clara County Association
has written to the State Commission ask
ing it to take steps to stop the wholesale
poaching now alleged to be carried on in
San Mateo County. It is reported that
does and fawns are being killed and
waterfowl and fish taken without regard
to law. A proposition is being considered
of having Game Warden Welch of Santa
Cruz County and Game Warden Foster
of this county make a trip into San
Mateo County to catch some of the
poachers.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 20.— The officers of the
Santa Clara County Fish and Game Pro
tective Association are making arrange
ments for the reception of delegates to
the State Fish and Game Convention,
which meets here November 14. About
fifty delegates are expected. . The ses
sions of the convention will extend over
several days. Much important legisla
tion looking to the protection of fish and
game will be considered.
Game Protection Convention.
"The depravity and dangerous criminal
propensities of accused, involving in the
short space of three days thelrohbery of
a helpless native, the violation of a re
spectable girl and the- treacherous as
sassination of a comrade from motives
of pure avariciousness, can call for but
one fitting penalty."
1 WASHINGTON, f Oct. 20.— George A.
Raymond, an American and formerly, a
private in . the. Forty-nr^t .Volunteer In
fantry, was tried by military commission
in the Philippines on a; triple charge of
murder, assault r. and' -robbery and. sen
tenced to "be i: hanged. ', The records in this
case of unusual'depr^vity have just been
received at : the War Department.
Upon the muster put of the Forty-first
Regiment Raymond went to the province
of Pampanga and endeavored to organize
a band of outlaws among his former com
rades. On the 7th of. last: May, while he
was riding along a road near the Barrio
of San Jose- with Henry Bohm, who also
had been a private in .the Forty-first In
fantry and with whom he pretended to
be on friendly relations, Raymond treach
erously turned on his companion and
killed him with his revolver and then
emptied the dead man's pockets.
Two days afterward, in company with
Ulich F. Rogers and George L. Muhn,
formerly of the Firty-first, Raymond,
garbed in the uniform of a United States
army officer, entered the premises of a
peaceful native and robbed him of sad
dles and bridles and three horses. On
the night of May 9 Raymond forced his
way into the home of a respectable na
tive girl and attacked her.
In reviewing this case and approving
the sentence of death General Chaff ee
said:
General Chaff ee Says There Is But
One Fitting Penalty for George
Raymond's Crimes.
DEATH THE PUNISHMENT
OF FOBMER VOLUNTEER
CHICAGO. Oct. 2O.-The Chicago Feder
ation of Labor to-night enlisted 'in the
cause of the Allis-Cbalmers . machinist
strikers and decided to fight Judge Kohl
saafs injunction through the courts The
Federation also decided not only to secure
able lawyers for the legal struggle, but «o
begin a crusade against Federal Judges
whose actions they resent. The speakers
were bitter in their denunciations. -..--. .
It was decided to request every Illinois
Congressman and both Senators to peti
tion Congress to curtail the powers of the
Federal Judges. President Roosevelt. will
be asked to embody such a request injhi«
first message to Congress.
DECIDE TO FIGHT JUDGE \u25a0 / T :
KOHLSAAT'S INJUNCTION"
Chicago Federation' of Labor Will
Issue an Appeal to President \
Roosevelt.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 20.— To-day's Ori
ental advices state that Governors, Judges
and high military officers are included
among the eighty high officials who have
been ordered beheaded or banished by a
Chinese imperial edict for participating in
the Boxer massacres of last year. \u25a0
This edict deals exclusively with man
darins of all classes connected with the
Boxers. It recites that fifty-six man
darins have already suffered the extreme
penalty of the law for their misdeeds. The
Emperor's brother has now presented the
fresh list of mandarins deserving punish
ment. The edict directs that every per
son named on the list shall be punished,
many being sentenced to death and others
to life-long banishment beyond the fron
tiers of China. The list is a startling
one from the Chinese standpoint, but the
Shanghai papers say it fails as usual to
include the most prominent culprits. In
consequence of earnest efforts by Sir Er
nest baiow, i^riusn iuimsur at reKiug,
not less than thirty-five are ordered pun
ished for complicity in the Chuchou mas
sacre of last year. Governor Liushutang'
of Cheking has been degraded and ban
ished to his native place. Yung Chua>\
Provincial Judge and Treasurer, is de
graded and banished to Szeehuan. Gov
ernor Pao Tsulin of Chuchou is degraded
and sent in perpetual banishment in
Kashgaria. Yu, brigadier general of Chu
chou, was sentenced to perpetual banish
ment, but evaded the sentence by dying.
Ohouchite. commander of local troops at
Chuchou when .he massacre occurred,
\u25a0was executed there, and numerous other
local officials were degraded. Fourteen
of the actual murderers were executed
and nine accomplices were banished.
Scores of pirates and robbers are being
captured at Canton through informers and
executed. One informer, by whose evi
dence many pirates were beheaded, met a
terrible fate.. He was captured by a band
of pirates and cut to pieces alive.
Without regard to the proposed restric
tions in the purchase of arms and ammu
nition by China that country has repur
chased 730,00(1 rounds of Mauser ammuni
tion from a German firm at Tientsin. This
comprised a lot of ammunition captured
in August of last year by the allies in the
native city of Teintsin. Subsequently the
ammunition and other munitions of war
were sold at auction. Li Hung Chang
found that he could buy the supplies
cheaper than to manufacture . them in
\u25a0China's new arsenals and consequentlv
invested. They" will be divided amonk
troops using Mausers. ,.-,-\u25a0
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Thomas J. Lowe, the father of. the young
man mentioned in the .. above dispatch,
says his son is a bricklayer 'by occupa-.
tion but has at various times been em
ployed about the City Hall. > He knows of
no reason for. any kidnaping and -shares
the opinion"of "the Sheriff's that it was the
result of thoughtlessness.. • . \u25a0'• \u25a0 \u25a0
"A few minutes after the 5 o'clock
train' left with excursionists this after
noon Mrs. Sloper came to my office and
told me her child nad been kidnaped by
a man at the station. I immediately
telephoned to Tiburon and Santa Rosa
asking the officers of. those points to
locate thebaby. As faras I know there
was no reason why ' the child should be
taken, and I imagine it was done in, a
spirit of fun or thoughtlessness." . .
Sheriff Grace said to-night: "I re
ceived a telephone message from Sheriff
Smith of Mendocino informing me that
a child had been kidnaped and was on the
down train. I boarded the train at Cotati
and found Lowe and the child in one of
the cars. The man protested that he had
intended nothing criminal and said that
some person he didn't know handed the
infant to him. Apparently he had not
been drinking: and his \u25a0explanations were
so unsatisfactory that I took him to the
jail.
Sheriff J. H. Smith of Mendocino
County said:
Sheriff Grace of Sonoma County boarded
the car at Cotati and found the boy with
Lowe, who was taken from the train and
locked up to await an investigation.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 20.— The holiday of
the excursionists who traveled from San
Francisco to Ukiah this morning was en
livened by what appeared to be an at
tempt at the kidnaping of the child of a
tailor in the Mendocino town. A frantic
mother's appeals and the activity of the
Sheriffs of Mendocino and Sonoma coun
ties quickly resulted in the return of the
youngster, besides causing: . the arrest at
Cotati of the alleged kidnaper. His name
is William H. Lowe, and he lives at 214
Golden Gate avenue, San Francisco.
The child, Harold Sloper, 3 years of
age, was at the station in Ukiah when
the train started for Tiburon. Lowe is
alleged to huve invited the boy into one
of the cars and permitted him to remain
until it was too late to leave the depart
ing train.
Mrs. Sloper was at the station and im
mediately noted that her child had dis
appeared. She felt confident that some
person on the train had taken him and
hurried to the Sheriff's office. That offi
cial telephoned descriptions to Tiburon
and Santa Rosa, and Mrs. Sloper started
scuth on the next train. ' .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Imperial Edict Orders the
Execution of Many-
Dignitaries.
Sheriff of Sonoma Arrests
Man With the Missing
Baby-
Punishment Being Meted
"Out to the Boxer
Conspirators.
Strange Case of Alleged
Kidnaping in Men- .
docino.
CHINESE HEADS
NOW FALLING
TAKES CHILD
ON THE TRAIN
I ST. JOHNS. N. F., Oct. 20.— The body of
Rev. Henry Black, for some time chap
lain of the British cruiser Charybis, who
mysteriously disappeared . from St. Johns
last Wednesday, was found this morning
near that' place, shot through the head.
He had evidently - committed suicide in
consequence of dementia, attributed to the
great excitement growing out of the. ar
rangements for the visit of the Duke and
Duchess of '• York and' Cornwall.
Missing 1 Chaplain Found Dead.
The royal couple will leave for St
Johns, N. F., at U o'clock to-morrow on
the Ophir. It has been announced to-day
that if any foggy weather comes up after
the departure of the Ophir from Halifax
the royal party will cancel its engage
ment at St. Johns. * . : -
In the evening there was a dinner at
Admiralty House, at which theDuke and
Duchess attended. The warships were il
luminated this eveninff.
HALIFAX, N. S., Oct. 2O.~The royal
party has spent its last day* in Canada.
This morning the Duke and Duchess ex
pected to attend service at St. Paul's An
glican church, but the Governor General
and the Countess were the only promi
nent members of the royal party that were
present. An immense congregation at
tended the service in expectation of meet
ing the royal couple. The Bishop of Nova
Scotia, Rev. Dr. Courtney, preached a
sermon in which he said that the belief
in the divine right of Kings was dead, and
thanking God that such .was the case.
Robert Burns, he contended, was the man
whom he considered, had done more than
any one in his generation to establish the
equality of mankind.
Royal. Visitors to Leave
Halifax To-Day on
Yacht Ophir.
BIDS FAREWELL
TO CANADIANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1901.
PRETORIA, Oct. 20.-A force of
Canadian scouts surprised a Boer
laager near Balmoral. • The Boers
fled after a short fight. The Can
adians had two killed and. one of
ficer and two men wounded.
LONDON, Oct. 21.— "Mr. Kurger has re
ceived a report from Schalk-Burger that
the greater part of Cape Colony is in open
rebellion,", says a dispatch to the Daily
Mail from Brussels, "and that the Boers
have armed fifteen thousand Afrikanders
within the last three months."
Referring to the movements of Profes-
2
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Real Cause of Dandruff and
Baldness.
At one time dandruff was attributed to
be the result of a feverish condition of
the scalp, whiQh threw off the dried cuti-
cle In scales.
Professor Unna, Hamburg, Germany,
noted authority on skin diseases, explodes
this theory and says that dandruff is a
germ disease.
This germ is really responsible for the
dandruff and for so. many bald heads. It
can be cured if it is gone about In the
right way. The right way, of course, and
the only way, is to kill the germ.
Newbro's Herpicide does this, and
causes the hair to grow luxuriantly, just
as nature intended it should.
When Prof. Munyon says his Rheumatism
Cure will cure rheumatism there isn't any guess-
work about it -'there, isn't any false statement about
it. It cures without leaving any ill effects. It is a
splendid stomach and nerve tonic, aa well as a posi-
tive cure for rheumatism.
All the Munyon remedies are just as reliable, »sc.
vial. The Guide to Health is free. Munyon, New
York and Philadelphia.
Mtm'O.VS I.NHALEtt CUBES CATABBBL
® VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY {or MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by tho leaders of . the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the-
worst cases In old and young '
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Curs Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. *—r Varicocele or Con-
stipation; Stop Ner fj vows Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are TTL^Z* immediate, Im-
parfvigor and pote C Eflre ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent: a cure is at hand.
Restore- small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
Ban Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 3S
and 40 Third st. ' .
DRiMEYERS&CO.
Specialist.' Disease ffiggjay , ' >
and weakness of 'vS&fct »
men. Established f^a /#'* ie 3!t^S!
18S1. Consultation iTi* ' *^^ ti*
and private book *.
free, at office or by >j/S8rv
mail. Cures guar- IV^^^W
anteed. 731 Mar- JfX'SsSjap?^
ket street (eleva- jm\~T%$t&/if
tor entrance), San r l2Sw£3!fc»
Francisco. Tr^ 1 ""
A _. D 1L A F, S R^ DY BELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for B0 years n« i.
Pain Remedy It instantly relieve, and "u^kit
cures all Colds. Sore- Throats. Influeni. B»i y
chitls. Pneumonia Rehurimism.^
Headache. Toothache and all pain Internfiw
Xor Malaria aad aU B<jwel PaiiS. n XsSX?
rCALIF^ORNIAri
ChutneySauce
tKo -\reiry
•tKirvg f o v
Ste*K», Chops . fiah . game • etc,
15*&2S« AU'grocgM
POLITICAL.
ON A SAVING OF
$24,533 53
Over his predecessors in
the Office of
RECORDER
"-' EDMOND
SEEKS RE-ELECTION.
PemocratYnominee.
i . . FOR . . .
MAYOR,
JOSEPHS.TOBIN
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE. :
FOR MAYOR,
ASA DWELLS.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
For Tax Collector,
Edw'd | Smith
, RepnWican Nominee.
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAM
FOR
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
\u25a0}.'\u25a0:- REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
. VOTE FOR - —
nr in. P?? 1OCT atio Nominee for
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
. (Incumbent.)YOUNG WOMAN WHO IS PRAC
TICALLY RULER OF -WASH
INGTON SOCIETY.
Oriental Rugs
At auction. Continuation sale to-day and
daily at 2 p. m. only at 332 Post street
near Powell. •
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 20.— Commander in
Chief Eli Torrence of the Grand Army of
the Republic to-day gave out the follow
ing appointments: Judge advocate gen
eral. General Henry M. Duffleld, Detroit*
chief of staff, Major A. Noel Blakeman'
Mount Vernon, N. Y. '
Grand Army Appointments.
SALT LAKE. Oct. 20.— A cave-in oc
curred in one of the drifts of the East
Honerine mine at Stockton, Utah, late
this afternoon, entombing Superintendent
H. G. Button and two miners. Rescuing
parties by prompt action succeeded in
rescuing the two miners alive, but could
not reach the spot where Button was in
time to save him from death by suffoca
tion.
Mine Superintendent Loses His Life.
Damaged Steamer Reaches Port.
HALIFAX, N. S., Octi 20.— The steamer
Manchester Shipper, which went ashore
on Pietres Ledge, Low Point, C. B., was
successfully floated off at high water last
night without the ' aid of tugs. She
steamed up to the Government wharf at
North Sydney this morning. The cape
officer reports that she Is making water
slowly. To-morrow morning a diver will
be sent down to ascertain the extent of
the damage.
Southern Pacific Excursion to South
ern California.
Leave Third and Townsend (special)
Monday, Oct 21st, 8:30 a. m. Arrive Santa
Barbara 7:30 p.' m. Remain there night.
Stopovers where desired. Return by San
Joaquin or Coast Division. $15 to Los An
geles and return, $19 50 San Diego and re
turn. Office 613 Market street. ,•
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.-A comparative
statement of the commerce of the island
of Cuba for the ten months ending April
30, 1901, and the ten months ending April
30, 1900, has been prepared in the division
of. insular affairs of the War Department.
It shows that the value of merchandise
imported during the ten months ended
April 30, 1901, was $54,412,262, against $59
925.339 for the same period of 1900. The
total value of merchandise exported dur
ing the ten months ended April, 1901, was
$49,987,117, against $35,404,421 for the same
period* of 1900, a decrease of 9.2-10 on the
value of imports and an increase of 41 2-10
in the value of exports. Gold and silver
Imported during these ten months was
$992,836, and for the same period of 1900
*3 ,299,553.
"War Department Prepares a Compar
ative Statement of the Insular
Commerce.
EXPORTS ON" INCREASE
FROM ISLAND OF CUBA
"WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao, Oct.
20.— The sum of JSOOO became due this
month to the United States from Venezu
ela on account of mixed American claims,
j and it has not been paid. The claims
arose out of damages sustained during the
revolution of 1SS2. They were adjudicated
between Venezuela and the United States
and the former agreed to pay $32,000 per
year in quarterly payments, with annual
interest on the sinking fund, the pay
ments to be divided pro rata among the
American claimants. This is the first in
stance where Venezuela has defaulted on
a quarterly payment.
The military situation on the Tachira
frontier apparently remains unchanged,
although the scouting and restless activ
ity of General Uribe-Uribe and his fol
lowers may result in an engagement with
the Colomoian troops of more or less im
portance any day. Nor is there any
•changa on the Guajira peninsula.
In various parts of Venezuela guerrilla
parties of Nationalists continue more or
less armed activity and minor uprisings
are frequently reported. President Castro
is vigorously repressing insurrection
wherever he can; but repression, instead
of discouraging the Nationalists, seems to
stimulate them to fresh operations. They
are not lacking in numbers, the principal
want being arms and ammunition.
PAN-AMERICAN DEGLEGATES
PASS A QUIET SABBATH
Minister of Foreign. Relations Ig
nacio Mariscal to Preside Over
Inaugural Session.
CITY OF MEXICO, Oct. 20.— The Pan-
American delegates passed Sunday In
Bight-seeing.
On Monday morning the delegates will
visit the quarters of the general secre
taries of the conference, Inscribing their
names and addresses. In the afternoon
they will hold an informal meeting for
the purpose of making preliminary ar
rangements, but will not meet for a for
mal inaugural session until 4 o'clock
Tuesday, when Minister of Foreign Rela
tions Ignacio Mariscal will preside, deliv
ering an address of welcome. He will
then ask the delegates to name an act
ing chairman to preside at the meetings
in which the delegates will discuss rules
and regulations.
Tuesaay night all the delegates and
their families will be entertained in the
Presidential apartments at the national
palace to witness the fireworks and illum
ination and listen to a serenade by the
best military bands.
Two rooms have been set apart in the
palace and handsomely furnished for the
use of the Bureau of American Republics.
national League Players Desert.
CHICAGO. Oct. 20.— President Ban
Johnson to-night definitely announced
that the American League has already
under contract twenty-one National
League players and that the number will
be slightly increased before the beginning
of next season. President Johnson, how
ever, would make no definite announce
ment as to the Individual players included
in the raid.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct 2O.-It was offi
cially announced to-day that seven play
ers of the Philadelphia National League
Baseball Club will play with the American
League next season. Deiehanty, Wolver
ton. Orth and Townsend will play In
Washington and Flick, Duggleby and
Monte Cross will play with Connie Mack's
Philadelphia club. Two others, it is said,
will be found with the American League,
but it has not yet been determined with
what clubs they will bo connected.
The leaders of the "Reds" insist that a
strike is inevitable, but many who are in
a position to form a sober opinion believe
that a strike will be averted or at all
events confined to certain localities
Six hundred gendarmes are patrolling
Montceau-les-Mines. The manager of the
company does not leave his office except
in a carriage and under the escort of
mounted gendarmes, armed with revolvers
and sabers.
PARIS, Oct. 21.— Two meetings of the
delegates of the Miners' Federation were
held yesterday at St. Etienne without any
decision being reached upon the question
of the threatened strike. Another meet
ing will be held to-day. Meanwhile the
papers are devoting columns to the situa
tion and generally taking a gloomy view.
Dispatches from Montceau-les-Mines say
that, while the place is outwardly quiet,
the feeling is such that a very slight inci
dent would be likely to lead to an out
break of violence among the 8000 miners
in the locality. These are divided into
two factions — the "Reds," who favor a
strike, and the "Yellows," who are op
posed to such a step. The prefect, who
has forbidden the sale of arms through
out the department, yesterday seized two
cases of muskets at St. Etienne that were
on their way to Montceau-les-Mines. It
is asserted that both factions are already
supplied with guns and revolvers, which
they have concealed in their homes. One
of the leaders of the "Reds" declares that
they not only have Gras muskets but also
Lebet rifles, ammunition and bayonets.
The chief element of danger is the possi
ble action of some. 1200 men whom the
mining company refused to re-engage
after the last strike, and who have been
unemployed since.
Republic Defaults on a
Payment to This
Government.
Both Factions Are Armed
and Officials Fear
an Outbreak.
JOLIET. 111.. Oct. 20.— The Merchant
mill, the last of the departments of the
Illir.ois Steel Company to resume since
the settlement of the strike, will start to
morrow, employing about 200 men. It is
reported "that several men active in the
Ftrike will not be re-employed.
Steel Mill Will Resume Operations.
Rector Conaty wrote:
I accept the appointment and am grateful
for the honor. 1 fully indorse the movement
and feel confident of its success. I shall be
fclad to co all in my power to promote the In
terests of the association.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— Commissioner
as president of the William
McKinley National Memorial Arch Asso
ciation, has received cordial acceptances
cf their election as vice president of the
association from Admiral Dewey, Presi
dent Eliot of Harvard University, Chief
Justice Fuller, Cardinal Gibbons, Walter
£. Logan, president of the Sons of the
Kevolution; Rector Conaty of the Catho
lic University of America, and Bishop Ed
win C. Andrews of the Methodist Episco
pal church, who was selected by the fam
i!y to deliver the address at the funeral
of President McKinley at the Capitol at
Washington. Admiral Dewey wrote:
I will willingly accept this appointment, with
J-.igh appreciation cf the honor shown me.
Vice Presidents of Memorial Arcli
Association Grateful for Honor
Conferred on Them.
ACCEPT THEIR ELECTION
A2-ID INDORSE MOVEMENT
FRENCH MINERS
READY TO FIGHT
A revision of the guest list will be con
fided to her, and this alone is no light
duty. The unofficial functions at the
White House probably outnumber the offi
cial events. Miss Alice Roosevelt's debut
and the entertainment given especially for
her will be under Miss Hagner's direction
and It will be her duty to name the young
women figuring in official and resident so
ciety who are entitled -to invitations from
the President's daughter.
arrange the functions with a view to per
sonal narmony.
In consequence of the condition of the
money market domestic loans were weak.
Imperial threes lost .065 and Prussian
threes .050. There was much short sell
ing of both. Foreign holders also sold.
Another cause of weakness was the rate
of new loans and the belief that the gov
ernment continues to sell the loans pri
vately, anticipating" the issue. It is now
regarded as certain that considerable new
loans will be floated the new year, both
imperial and Prussian.
Private discount advanced on the week
% of a point to 3 per cent, which was
maintained. The impulse to this was
chiefly the scarcity of money in Paris.
Considerable French paper was offered
here for discount. Another cause was the
Reichsbank's return for the week, which
proved somewhat unsatisfactory. It is
said the bank has been compelled to pro
long a number of bills in order to pre
vent insolvencies and other difficulties.
The Bourse gave considerable attention
to the negotiations between the Algemeine
Elkektricitaets-Geseddschaft of Berlin
and the Schuckert Electrical Company of
Nuremburg for establishing a community
of interest, arranging prices and saving
expenses in selling. The shares of the
latter company improved strongly in con
sequence.
German works are now securing orders
for locomotives in India. This Is ex
plained by the possibility of more rapid
delivery, owing to the fact that the Brit
ish works have heavy orders ahead. The
Prussian railroad authorities will soon
order 400 locomotives.
The sugaT syndicate has decided to re
duce production next year, owing t,o the
low prices and the amount of stock.
The alcohol syndicate has reduced prices
four marks Der hectolitre in the case of
crude alcohol.
Foreign Loans Still Weak.
A favorable factor was the buying of
coal and iron shares for foreign account.
It is asserted that considerable French
money was invested in such securities dur
ing the week and especially in coal shares,
upon the expectation of a coal strike in
France. On Wednesday from. 100,000 to
200,000 marks were invested in Harpener
coal for Paris account. There has also
been some British buying. A number of
Inquiries were received from abroad re
garding German Industrials making good
investment. Nevertheless coal shares
generally were neglected, domestic Inves
tors being influenced by American Im
ports of coal and the impending reduction
in prices.
The improvement in coal and iron shares
reached four points this week. The coke
market is described as "very feeble."
Stocks are accumulating, and it is con
sidered certain that the situation must in
crease the restriction of the output to 50
per cent. American railroad shares were"
the strongest features. Northern Pacific
preferred was heavily bought for New
York, gaining 4.12 points yesterday. On
the week, the gain was 6.62 points, closing
quotation being 104.62. Foreign rentes
were generally strong, particularly the
Chinese loan, owing to the signing of the
peace protocol. Italians were strong on
the fall of gold premium, but Spaniards
were weak.
BERLIN, Oct. 20. — Notwithstanding
much news from the Industrial centers,
the Boerse last week was- comparatively
strong. The volume of business remains
slight, outsiders holding aloof. Neverthe
less the feeling is somewhat more confi
dent.
French Money Invested in Coal.
Mines are hard; a general dullness char
acterizing that section. The recent at
tempt to boom Kaffirs has failed, despite
the permission of the authorities for the
starting of fifty additional Rand stamps,
and mining shares all closed fractionally
lower.
Money is still easy, but unless there Is
a prompt increase in ; the open ! market
rate gold shipments to Paris and Berlin
will soon be Inevitable.
The unusually good traffic reports made
home railroad shares the most favorable
features of the week, but these had no
effect upon the seneral list.
Experts do not look for any serious
break in the market, because the specula
tive public, whose timiaity usually pre
cipitates a panic, is wholly eliminated at
present; but they think it will be a long
while before there is any decided favor
able reaction. .
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The Stock Exchange
last week was extremely dull and wholly
professional. Various causes contributed
to the stagnation, among them the indus
trial depression in Russia, Germany and
France, the American uncertainty touch
ing copper and railway developments, and
lastly and chiefly the-South African situa
tion.
NO VENEZUELAN
GOLD IN SIGHT
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20— Miss
Isabel Hagner, daughter of
Dr. Charles E. Hagner of this
city. Is the first appointee to
the unique office of social sec
retary of Mrs. Roosevelt. 'Miss Hagmer is
eminently fitted for this position. She has
for the past three or four years been the
recognized authority on all social forms
and conventions. She has made a pro
found study of the laws of etiquette and
she brings to her work the experience
gained by acting in a similar capacity for
Mrs. Hay, wife of the Secretary of State;
! Mrs. Root, wife of the Secretary of War;
Mrs. Charles Emory Smith, wife of the
Postmaster General; Mrs. Hanna and
Miss Paulding, niece of Senator Depew.
• As the social secretary of Mrs. Roose
velt Miss Hagner's duties will be arduous
and various. Besides keeping up the large
private correspondence she will supervise
all the details of the state functions. She
will know the little private enmities and
animosities which often embarrass hospi
table occasions, and it will be her task to
Experts Do Not Expect
Favorable Reaction
for Some Time. '
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Oct. 20.— Henry
J. Lenderink, .secretary of the United
States Legation, has resigned the position
and will soon leave for the United States.
Secretary of Legation. Resigns.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Joe Nelson made
a remarkable showing for a boy still In
his teens at the Vallsburg cycle track to
day. He not only defeated his opponent
easily in a fifteen-mile motor-paced race,
but created new world's amateur records
for every mile excepting the fourth and
fifth. Fulton, Nelson's opponent, took the
lead at the start, but Nelson quickly over
hauled him and led at the end of the first
mile by fully three lengths. At five miles
Nelson lapped Fulton and repeated this in
the fifth, ninth .and thirteenth miles,
eventually winning by three and a half
laps, seven-eighths of a mile. Nelson's
time for the distance was 24:55 2-5.
One of the events, a motor handicap,
was a novelty. Albert Champion, al
though on a single motor bicycle, was
placed on scratch. He won easily, mak
ing world's motor records for nearly every
mile and covering the five miles in 6:25.
Cycle Records Continue to Fall.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2O.-Marquls Ito
arrived In Washington this afternoon. Ha
was met at the railroad station by Japa
nese Minister Takahira and the entire le
gation staff and escorted to the Arlington
Hotel, where he will remain during his
stay in this city. To-night the Marquis
was entertained at dinner at the legation.
Only the visiting party, which In addi
tion to the Marquis included K. Tsudzukl.
former Vice Minister of Forejjrn Affairs;
S. Tokiokai and the members of the lega
tion staff, were present at the dinner.
Marquis Ito would not be seen, being in
disposed, but Tsudzuki, who is authorized
to speak for him. said:
I really cannot say whether Japan will join
with the other nations In regard to the set
tlement with China. I know our country
signed the protocol with the others, but I
cannot say just what will be done further. It
may be necessary that China have a new com
mercial treaty with Japan. The Marquis can
not say what we will want or ask tor In thi3
connection. He has not. I am quite sure, any
pronounced views on the question of a Pacific
cable, except that he, like all the rest of the
people, would be pleased to see a cable laid.
Marquis Ito is much pleased at the advances
this Government has made in the East, as we
are, and he and all of us hope to see further
development there on their part.
To-morrow the Marquis will visit the
State Department and also pay his re
spects to President Roosevelt. In the
evening he will leave for New York and
thence go to New Haven, where he is to
receive the honorary degree, of LL.D.
from Yale University. He will leave be
fore November for England on hla way
home.
Succeeds Late Justice Murphy.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— George F. "Wright.
Solicitor General for Ireland, has been ap
pointed a member of the High Court of
Judicature In succession to the late Jus
tice Murphy. John Campbell has beea
appointed to succeed Wright.
inadequate to the present needs of the ser
|~V.ce and he ur^es that the limit of the
' t-rps be increased by Congress to sixty,
lie says that the efficiency of the navy
yard plants throughout the country is
largely limited by the insufficient number
\'f flrvdocks and modern buildings for the
equipment of the yards. The navy yards,
however, continue to present a fruitful
lieid for the application of modern engi
neering to their mechanical equipment, as
\u25a0well as modern methods of organization
to the scheme of administration, which,
if properly applied, should result in great
er efficiency 1:1 thec onduct of work and
great economy in the general expense,
\u25a0which is now cut of proportion to the
work done.
Admiral Bowles says that the Construc
tion Bureau has been taxed to its utmost
capacity by the work of designing new
vessels and supervising vessels now build
ing, and that these conditions have been
aggravated by a lack of space In the Navy
Department building available for the
technical and clerical staff of the bureau.
\u25a0 He records a lack of draughtsmen pesses-
Fihg the requisite qualifications, and ex
presses a desire to obtain for the bureau
more sTaduates of technical schools. He
attaches much importance to the need of
an efficient corps of carpenters in the
navy as an adjunct to the corps of na\yil
constructors. The number of carpenters
now afloat. Admiral Bowles says, is bare
ly adeo.uate to the needs of the service,
and the number on shore duty is entirely
inadequate.
He points out that ship employment
means an honorable position on board
t ship, adequate pay and instructive em
ployment on shore duty, and tie recom
mends that as soon as circumstances will
permit a school for the instruction of car
penters' mates be established.
made much progress toward tht stand
ardization of ships, which will reduce the
original cost of snips of the navy and de
crease the expense of their maintenance.
He touches upon the tests of ttreproofed
vooa conducted by his bureau and says
that while the products of the two pro
cesses submitted both possess desirable
«iualities, neither wholly commend itself
to adoption by the navy.
Admiral Bowles strongly recommends
that tr.e floating drydock at Havana, re
cently purchased from the Spanish Gov
ernment, be sent to the site of the new
naval station at Olongapo, Philippine Isl
ands, as soon as the repairs on it are
completed. It is essential, he says, for the
efficiency of the navy on the Asiatic sta
tion, both from a strategical and economic
standpoint, that the Government shall be
In possession of a drydock in the Philip
pines at the earliest possible moment. He
bays that the dock Just purchased can be
placed in condition for the use of vessels
i:p to 10,000 tons displacement within the
limit of the sum appropriated by Con
fcress for its acquirement.
Admiral Bowles earnestly recommends
an increase in the number of naval con
structors, which is now limited by law to
forty. This number, he says, is entirely
WASHINGTON. Oct 20.— The annual re
port of Admiral Bowles, chief of the Bu
reau of Construction and Repair, calls at
tention, to the slow progress in the con
etruction of the ships now building for the
present year, owing to strikes and delays
in the delivery of armor and steel Iorg
*^ lngrs. He points out that under the pres
ent system for the purchase of armor the
responsibility for delays emanating from
this source rests with the Government
and renders it liable to suits for damages
by th,e ship contractors.
The Construction Bureau, he says, has
LONDON MARKET
VERY SLUGGISH
The Rome correspondent of the Chron
icle says he is informed by a high official
at the Vatican that although the Pope is
not exactly ill he has been in failing
health for the past few months. He is so
easily fatigued that he does not celebrate
mass except on rare occasions, and he
walks in the Vatican garden much sel
domer than was his wont. He is abte to
continue giving audiences, but visitors no
tice that his face has lost. its vivacity and
his memory is less tenacious. Effective
direction of affairs has passed completely
into the hands of Cardinal Rampolla, Pa-
J pal Secretary of State.
"I suppose there is again a scarcity of
sensational news; but I have yet much
work to do."
LONDON, Oct. 20.— A dispatch to the
Daily News from Rome says: Inquiry at
the Vatican regarding the reiterated re
ports that the Pope is seriously ill elicted
an assurance that they were absolutely
untrue. Dr. Lapp.oni, the Pope's physi
cian, visited the Vatican on Sunday morn
ing, the first time since Friday. The Pope
did not receive him, sending him message
he was quite well and too busy to see him.
Dr. Lapponl was . requested to call on
Tuesday. It is stated that when the Pope
was informed of the rumors that are cur
rent he said:
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Ex-Premier Declines to Dis
cuss International
Questions.
Declines to Receive Physician 1
and Declares He Is
. Quite Well.
Chief of Construction Bureau
Makes Recommendations
to Congress.
out looking for their mother, who had
been missing all last night and to-day.
Dr. Orville S. Burnett was born in Hast
ings, Nebr., about 28 years ago. He was
married seven years ago to Grace Ander
son, also of Hastings, who had been his
playmate and schoolmate from childhood.
Immediately afterward the family moved
to Denver. His father was. a wealtny
stockman, and the young man lived in
ease for years. Finally his wife urged
him to take up some profession, and he
decided to become a dentist. About three
years ago he came to Chicago to study.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Oct. 20.— Nothing
is known here of Dr. Burnett, connected
with the suicide of Mrs. W. L. Nichol Jr.
at Chicago. Mrs. Nichol was a daughter
of Dr. F. A. Shoup. connected with the
University of the South at Sewaunee,
Tenn., and before her marriage was pop
ular socially both there and In Nashville,
where she spent part of her time.
W. L. Nichol Jr. is the son of the late
Dr. W. L. Nichol of Nashville, one of the
South's prominent physicians. He is at
present commercial agent at Chicago for
the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis
Railway, but had recently been promoted
and was to return to Nashville at an
early date to assume the duties of com
mercial agent at the company's head
quarters here.
A policeman who was sent to the Nichol
home at 651S Minerva avenue to-night to
notify Mr. Nichol of the tragedy found
no. one there but the two little children of
the dead woman, one a boy of eight and
the other a little girl of four years. They
told the policeman that their father was
"Our love was still strong for each
other," said Burnett, "and she" moved to
Chicago to be near me. We were together
nearly, every day. There seemed, however,
to be a constant remorse on her- part on
account of the dual life she was leading.
On Saturday we went down town to
gether, and, after having several drinks,
she proposed suicide to me. We went to
the! Marlborough Hotel and she produced
a bottle of morphine she had hidden In
her dress. She again asked me to die
with her and I consented. Then she
swallowed nearly all the contents of the
bottle and handed It to me. I drank what
was left, but, believing that I had not
taken enough to prove fatal, -I tried to end
my life by sticking the hat pin into my
neck. I saw this was also going to be a
failure, so I turned on all the gas and lay
down to die."
Burnett stated that his wife knew noth
ing of his attachment for Mrs. Nichol.
lotte Nichol. wife of W. L. Nichol
Jr., commercial agent of the Nashville,
Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway, com
mitted suicide to-day in the Marlborough
Hotel. Burnett tried to end his life at
the same time, but was unsuccessful.
The two were found in their rooms, both
stretched across a bed, the woman dead
and Burnett with his neck pierced by a
hat pin, a bottle of morphine clutched in
his hand and the gas turned on from
everyone of the six jets in the suite. Dr.
Burnett is still alive and has been ar
rested.
In one of the rooms was found a note
written by the woman, which told of her
reason for the act. It read:
To whom it may concern : I did it because I
loved him better than anything on earth, and
he loved me and we could not be separated.
Good-bye. CHARLOTTE.
The note, supplemented by a statement
made by Dr. Burnett, tells of the tragedy
enacted by the two lovers. =
According to the dentist's story, he met
Mrs. Nichol while she was yet a young
girl, In Nashville, Tenn., and fell in love
with her. Burnett moved to Chicago and
married several years afterward. ~
j*^ HICAGO, Oct. 20.— While grieving
{T over the dual life she was leading
(I . with Dr. Orville Burnett, a proml-
nent Chicago dentist, Mrs. Char-
Staff of Japanese Lega
tion Entertains Him
at Dinner. -
No Immediate 'Danger,
Though His Health
Is Failing.
Admiral Bowles Says It
Is Badly Needed by
Government.
Mrs. Charlotte Nichol, Whose Husband Is a Railway Com
mercial Agent, Is Found Dead, and Dr. Orville Burnett,
Her Admirer, Unconscious in a Hotel at Chicago
DISGRACED WIFE ENDS
HER LIFE WITH POISON
WANTS DRYDOCK
IN PHILIPPINES
POPE'S CONDITION
NOT ALARMING
ITO AND PARTY
IN WASHINGTON
COACHES THE PRESIDENT'S
WIFE IN SOCIAL AFFAIRS
Unique Position Occupied by Miss Isabel Hagner in Mrs.
Roosevelt's Household, Where It Will Be Her Duty to
Supervise Details of State Functions and Name Giles's
THIfcSAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1901.
3
have all those points of style and grace which make them fashionable, desirable garments. !
The cutting and making are done as they should be done — in a thorough, careful, painstak-
ing manner by union men. The materials are all wool; well dyed, winter weight serges, '
worsteds, cheviots and tweeds in staple and fancy patterns equal to assortments found in
high-priced goods.
The suits-, represent the best variety and value we ever offered. We are building- a
reputation around this suit that will make it the most popular suit in San Francisco. Prop-
erly speaking the suit is making the reputation itself. It speaks more 'for its value than any-
thing we could say about it. .
The suits are union -made, money-backed and guaranteed. The union make means good
workmanship; the money back is for your protection if you are dissatisfied; the guarantee
is a year's repairing free. You could not buy a suit under better advantages.
New.. Styles--Norf oiks, Sailors, Vestees
Last week we placed on sale several lines of new styles in Norfolk, sailor and j
vestee suits. The price is much less than what is usually asked for such late style $*W$&l
clothes. The suits are for boys from 3 to 10 years of age. The Norfolks come in ¥\u25a0£^J^sB
blue cheviot and mixed patterns, with deep yoke. The vestees have the military f2| ifS $f
cut sack and the materials are blue cheviots and dark check mixtures in winter V %>' jH * ' \
weights. The sailors come in new blue, navy blue, brown and red serges. Price V^~ >I '
of any of the three suits J**??f K
Just received from our workrooms 3000 pairs of knee pants made from rem- P\^M^^^^Px^^'v\ I
nants left in our retail and wholesale tailoring departments in N. Y. and S. F. Mi^m t'M^y^Z^^h
Materials are all-wool, pants well sewed, strong pockets, taped seams, riveted <&y|s1$ f|!vv|v%i«rT f^il^l
buttons, patent elastic waistbands, ages 4 to 16; if made up under the usual cir- Offjff ii(i'! \ iiSfcli V lHri' : ' ?^ '
cumstances thepants would cost you $1, $1.25 or $1.50; we charge you only for mWJM ,| ifiltii&V liii^gfi/ I
the making, so our price h but ~ !, \\\^jffifc't' \WW
50c a pair f^M!d$
Large assortment of leggings in leather, jersey, velvet 'and cloth, ages 3 to m¥¥ •'i/B'V nij
10, prices 5Oc to $2.5O. ' „ : ;• . . K«'/||| ; f... [
Elegant assortment of stiff bosom shirts for boys from 7 to 14 years, price3 IP \u25a0 l/ V &
Boys' swell sailor caps in stylish colors, 25c each. m* 1 y| tf \u25a0
write us. '718 Market Street. • 0r
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Headache
kills, not necessarily suddenly,
but surely. It pisys upon the
intellectual powers more than
we realize. It consumes the
vitality faster than nature can
replenish it, and we cannot tell
just what moment a temporary
or complete aberration of the
mind will result. Headache and
pain should be promptly re-
moved — but properly. Many
pain cures are more harmful
than the pain. Beware. If
you would be safe, take
M?ft.. Pain Pills.
"As a result of neuralgia I lort # the
sijjbtof my right eye, and thepam I
have suffered js incomprehensible, be- .
I iag obliged to take opiates almost con-
I tiouaSy. A friend gave me one of Dr.
I Miles' Pain Pills and it promptly re-
I lie ved me. I then purchased a box and
I now my trocble is gone. They hare
I also cfired my daughter of nervous
I / headache, and I heartily recommend
v them to otiera.*'— W. J. Copxey. Bre-
"l moad, Texas.
(Sold by Druggists. 25 Do: es, 35c
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Etkhart, Ind.Carter Harrison is writing an autobiography which,
Jie says, is not to be published until twenty years
after his death, so here's hoping lie may live a long
being built, and four machine shops, each
285x75 feet, have been erected and stocked
with tho latest tools. An American plate
stacking electric traveling crane, with
arms each 142 feet in length, is already in
operation, and four 700-foot berths for
vessels are being prepared, besides four
others ranging from 350 to 500 feet contem
plated. The river will be dredged to per
mit the launching of great ships and In
less than two years the works will be
ready to accept admiralty contracts.
• • •
An ice-making machine on board the
British battleship Centurion Is the latest
subject of investigation in the British
navy. It was expected to turn out eighty
pounds of Ice every twenty-four hours—
a quantity just sufficient for the officers*
messes, and it worked all right In cold
weather when there was no demand for
iced punches, sherry cobblers, etc. But
when the temperature rose to 80 degrees
the machine produced little Ice and at 85
degrees it ceased to operate entirelv
Hence the inquiry and possible court-mar
tial of some official through -whose negli
gence the officers on board the Centurion
have been deprived of cooling drinks while
on the China station. v~ — '.
A uniform systenf In helm command is
to be introduced in Germany. Up to 1570
the method in the navy -was that which
now exists in England and America and
at the order "Stenerbord ruder," the ship
would go to port (backboard), but now
the same order win. send the vessel to
starboard. In 1891. the North German
Lloyd introduced a new system usin* the
words -rechts-links" (right and left) as
substitutes for stenerboard and back
board.' It Is, of course, essential that t v e
systems should- be uniform- In the mer
cantile, marine and navy, as many of th*
captains and officers of the great liners
are reserve officers in the navy
: • . »
There are periodical - discoveries of
ARIZONA and New- Mexico have already en
tered actively upon the new campaign for
statehood and it is a foregone conclusion
that within a short time Oklahoma will join them.
The people of these Territories have long desired that
their commonwealths have the rights of States, and
they have repeatedly sought to obtain them. In the
present campaign therefore the / promoters of the
movement will have the advantage of appealing to a
sentiment already formed. In the Territories them
selves the movement will be well-nigh universally
supported, the sympathies of the West generally will \u25a0
be with them and even in the East there will be
found a strong element favorable to the change.
The claim of each of the Territories is good, for
each has a larger population and greater wealth than
were possessed by other Territories when admitted to
statehood. According to the last census Arizona
had a population in 1900 of 122,000, New Mexico a
population of 195.000, and Oklahoma 398,000. The
smallest of these populations is larger than, that of
several of the States. Moreover each of the appli
cants for statehood has just as bright prospects for
an increase of population and of industry as such
States as' Nevada, Wyoming and Idaho.
In the present condition of American politics it is
hardly likely that partisan considerations \u25a0\u25a0will have
much influence in determining the action of Con
gress upon the application for statehood. At pres
ent New Mexico and Oklahoma are regarded as Re
publican, while Arizona is Democratic. , Partisanship,
however, appears to be out of the question. In a
recent speech at a "statehood rally" at Phoenix Gov
ernor Murphy said: "It has in the past been a political
question and politics might be expected to retard
statehood when Congress was evenly divided, but
with the present Republican majority,- if all three of
the States admitted should be Democratic' the situa-
frauds committed by Russian naval offi
cers and the Black Sea appears to be their
favorite base of operations. Last year
forty-three officers were charged with
frauds In connection with coal purchases,
and quite recently a similar offense has
been charged against a number of naval
officers. An inquiry and subsequent trial
will result in Imprisonment or banish
ment of several officials.
~-»v * •
A Brazilian submarine boat, designed by
Ueutenant Maixraez. ha3 been tested irv_
the presence of President Campos-SallaaZ
the Minister of Marine, and many othei*
officials, and it is claimed that the boat i3
a success.
*',:\u25a0}* '^*
The new battleship Implacable, which
left Plymouth September 21 for servica
abroad, returned the next day with en
gines disabled.
FIGHTING FOR STATEHOOD.
Suppose these various reform movements in New
York. Philadelphia and Chicago should be carried
out and the police be set to work strictly on the
square, would there not be a scattering of vice into
other parts of the country? It might be best after
all to leave the three tenderloin cities unpurined.
SIGNALING THROUGH FOGS.
"The Umbria of the same line, which was lying at
the Cunard pier in readiness to sail for England, is
fitted with the Marconi apparatus. Shortly after dawn
when the fog was at its thickest the message was
flung out on the heavy air from the pier in the North
River. A few minutes later aivnaswer came out of
the mist. ' The Lucania reported that she was an
chored outsidethe bar waiting for the fog to lift. At
9:30 she sent word that she was under way, but it
was nearly 12 o'clock before she reached her pier."
In that incident we have a plain, practical illustra
tion of the utility of the Marconi system of wireless
telegraphy. If the mail tender, like the Umbria, had
been fitted with the Marconi apparatus it would have
been easy for her captain to have found just where
the Lucania lay /and there would have been no ; grop
ing in the fog. The lesson can hardly be lost upon
the Government and jj.the experience of that mail
tender may hasten the' adoption by the Government
of a wireless telegraph system at every important
ocirt of the notintrv. \u25a0 •';••- — _\u25a0 -.;**-\u25a0\u25a0
WIRELESS telegraphy is no longer a world's •
wonder. It has ceased to attract the atten
tion of those who note the progress of sci
ence and invention only through curiosity to learn of
some new marvel. On the other hand, it is increasing
its hold upon the minds of those who are interested
in its utility to the world of commerce and trade. It
is therefore worth noting that there has recently been
given in New York harbor a striking illustration of
its value in. that direction.
A short time ago the Lucania on her arrival off
New York harbor', found herself involved in a fog
so dense that she was compelled to cast anchor twice
on her way up the bay. The mail tender that was on
the outlook for her, so as to take the mails'and hurry
th,em to port, steamed around for hours without
being able to find her, 50 that, as the New York Press
said: "The mails for the Pacific Coast missed the or
dinary connection and the steamer at San Francisco
probably will have to wait at least a day for the
overland train.".
While the mail lender was uselessly groping
around in the fog the agents of the Cunard Line, to
which the Lucania belongs, were also anxious about
the steamer, but they did not have to grope for her.
They promptly made use of wireless telegraphy. The
Press says: . "•\u25a0
'\u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0 \u25a0 * i > •
Eleanor 'Martin's exquisite gray satin
grown was covered with an overdress of
black chantilly that made the eyes of tha
younger generation present almost pop
out of their heads. Mrs. Irving Scott wore
some rarely beautiful and costly duchesse
lace.
• ' • . . •
The relatives of beautiful Mrs. Gene
vieve Goad-Martin-Reilly are anxiously
awaiting letters that will bring" them soms
news about the newly annexed member
of the family and perhaps give them aa
Inkling of the reason of the hasty nup
tials without the observance of the usual
formality of announcing the engagement.
None of the Goads know exactly who Mr.
Reilly is. They have had, however, from
Mrs. Hearst, who knows the gentleman,
some very comforting assurances concern
ing 1 him. They are confident, however,
that Genevieve made no choice that might
be unworthy of her, her family and social
position. A generous welcome awaits tha
young couple here.
• • • ".
Three more charming: society girls hava
gone out into the world to join the vast
army of wage earners. Business reverses
and the consequent dwindling of the fam
ily exchequer made Minnie, Hilda and
Elsie Fechheimer decide to become Inde-^
pendent and self-supporting. Out at thgf
Children's Hospital, alleviating the suf
fering of helpless little ones, are Minnie
and Elsie, training to be of service to suf
fering humanity.
Miss Hilda has chosen decorating as the
means to the end. The rare talent sh©
displayed in the service of her friends she
has turned into a most profitable channet.
Decorating was dying out untir Miss
Hilda came into the field and showed the
results that might be achieved with her
originality, artistic taste and -power ot
execution. «.
By Sally Sharp.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT has set
the seal of disapproval upon the
horse with a docked tail. In the
President's stable at the White
House are three superb coach
horses, recently purchased for the Presi
dent in New York by his brother-in-law,
Douglas Robinson, who was commissioned
to select the best animals for the purpose
that money could buy. All matter3 per
taining to the purchase were left to Mr.
Robinson, the President only insisting
that the animals' have especially fine, long
tails. In England King Edward recently
declared in favor of long-tailed horses for
all ceremonial purposes.
With the President's, disapproval and
the English monarch's disapproval it
can't be a matter of much time before the
docking of horses' tails will have passed
into memory as one of the barbaric and
hideous customs of the past.
I for one feel perfectly confident that
the banishment of the short-tailed ani
mal is a matter of to-day. Fashion is
going to do what the law could not ac
complish. I know that in some States,
and I also believe that in this one, there
is a law prohibiting the docking of horses'
tails. However, the law was a weak one
and it was the easiest thing in the world
for the owner of a horse with a docked
tail to declare that the tail was docked in
some other State but the one in which
the particular law should have been en
forced. It .is a pleasant thing to contem
plate that Fashion is going to accomplish
that which the law was powerless to do.
and furthermore accomplish it in much
quicker time and more summary manner.
\u25a0 • \u25a0\u25a0. * ».
Mrs. George Carr, who Is rehearsing the
belles andi: beaux who are to. take part' in
the "Florbdora" sextet in the vaudeville
end of the doll show, has by this time
discovered that an impresario's couch is
not one of roses. - Mrs. Carr in her work
has the valuable assistance of Mrs. Linda
Bryan, and I do not believe that there
could ari3e any managerial difficulties that
these two clever, tactful women could not
surmount.
The time has not yet arrived to make
public the names of- those who will take
part in the sextet. The greatest difficulty
thus far has been to get girls who belong
to the same clique. Some girls chosen
won't play if other girls who have been
chosen will, and therein lies the most seri
ous problem the manageresses have to
confront.
While there are any number of obliging
and willing participants, the sextet has
not yet been completed. Those already
chosen have had several rehearsals and
are doing splendidly. Twice last week
they met and rehearsed at Mrs. Bryan'a
home, and Tuesday evening they are to
Tehearse at Mrs. Berminshatn's residence.
Some time during the week they will hold
their rehearsals on the pretty little stage
of the Bella Vista.
Another serious question Mrs. Carr and
Mrs. Bryan are facing is the color of the
gowns for the "pretty, maidens." It must
be a color that will be most becoming to
all the girls, and as there is a diversity
of complexions in the sextet it does not
taite half an eye to see the import of the
color Question.
With commendable foresight the ladies
are guarding against the possibility, of an
accident. Taking into consideration the
delicate throats and capricious tempers of
all prima donnas, there are to be several
understudies, who at a moment's notice
will be ready to step in and fill any va
cancy that may occur. I have been tolcb
that the understudies are . remarkably
TERRIFIC EFFECT OF THE PREMATURE EXPLOSION
OF A NEW SHELL ON THE DANISH GUNBOAT MOEN
beautiful and very fetching', an important
fact, for that always helps to keep a lead
ing lady even-tempered and well. The sex
tet is to be managed much the same as the
one that has been charming audiences at
the Columbia Theater. There are to be. a
few changes in the "business," and I un
derstand that the "swear to me on bended
knee" measure is to be sung without any
accompanying ardent "goo-gooing."
• • •
The girls are still talking about the very
swell gowns worn at the Crockett-Scott
wedding. I would hate to have to decide
which was the handsomest gown there—
a no easy task— although I would be will
ing to confess to a decided preference for
the magnificent jet "and silver one worn
by Mrs. Gus Taylor. I do not believe that
I ever saw any dress as elegant as that
clinging, glittering gown that set off to
such splendid advantage the tall, straight
figure of the beautiful blonde wearer. As
-it is, the gown dazzled me so that I al
most forgot to look at the handsome white
hat, with its magnificent white plume3,
that lent the finishing touch to the cos
tume. • , . -
While on the subject of hats I must al
low myself the luxury of indulging in a
few ahs and ohs apropos of the pink hat
worn by Mrs. Joseph Tobin. It was a
"dream." I am aware that that is neither
a bright nor an original description, but it
is the only word that fits the exigencies
of the case. Mrs. Tobin's hat was a most
delicate -pink. It was shaped somewhat
like an old-fashioned poke bonnet; of
course moderated and trimmed with a
nodding bunch of pink plumes that co
quettishly drooped over" the edge of the
hat and cast a delicate, rosy glow on th£
face of the wearer.
Besides the magnificent gowns and beau
tiful hats there were some wonderful laces
worn by aristocratic matrons. Mrs.
Robert Stephenson & Co.'s shipyards at
Hepburn-on-Tync Jg] in process of trans
formation to'enable the buildiiigof! vessels
of all classes,' including the largest battler
ships. A .drydock- 700 feet in- length Is
A court-martial, of which Captain C. H.
Stockton was president, was recently
held on Boatswain E. J. Brown of the
Glacier, for being absent -without leave.
He had obtained one day shore leave May
11, while at Sydney, but did not return un
til June 15. The court sentenced him to
reduction in rank to that of a mate, but
when the judge advocate pointed out the
illegality of the sentence the court recon
sidered and changed its sentence^to dis
missal. Judge Advocate Lemly again
changed this punishment, recommending
that-the offender lose 1 twenty-five '.num
bers, and the President has approved the
sentence as* mitieated. There/appears to
be a. great need of Incorporating the study
of law among- :otner" : qualifications for
naval officers, -as the procedure and pun
ishments are somewhat erratic and incon
sistent as .now practiced. The case of
Boatswain Brown is almost as bad as that
of Thomas C. RIdgeley; a second assistant
engineer,; who* was : tried .in -March, 18G5,
before' a court-martial. .The court declared
him not guilty, yet sentenced him to be
dishonorably dismissed from' the -naval
service. Secretary AVells disposed of the
case with the curt remark that "a sen
tenceso evidently illegal, in view of the
finding is,. of course, set aside.','
THE Danish gunboat Moen was sunk
September 20 in the sound between
Denmark and Sweden during exper
imental firing with a new shell'con
taining a high explosive. The shell
Iburst prematurely, destroying the ; gun
and sinking the vessel. No lives were
lost as the entire crew had as a precaution
been transferred to another ship before
the gun was fired. The Moen was an iron
boat of 356 tons and was built in 1S75^
PRESIDENT'S HORSES. WHICH ARE THE POSSESSORS OF THE
FLOWING TAILS GIVEN THEM BY NATURE, AND TWO UNFORTU
NATE ANIMALS WHO WERE VICTIMS OF THE DOCKING PROCESS.
TRADE ACTIVE BUT CONSERVA
TIVE.
In our local market we arc still busily engaged in
working off orders for merchandise accumulated
during the recent strike and some merchants are
complaining of the scarcity of cars, which retards
this work of clearing the decks. The commercial
part of the city is active and bids fair to continue
so for some time to come. Farm and orchard prod
uce continues to bring good prices, though raisins
and dried fruits are halting at the moment, the former
in consequence of dissensions among growers -and
packers and the latter owing to the heavy buying in
August 2nd September, which stocked everybody up
for the time being. All other lines of country prod
uce are reported in good movement, while merchan
dise is being moved as fast as our supply of cars and
drays can cany it away from wharf and store. There
is no dullness in trade in San Francisco.
The distributive trade of the country is good- in
all sections, except possibly in the South, where a
backward cotton crop movement has hampered the
usual fail trade and collections, but even in this sec
tion some improvement is observed. Cooler weather
and fear of frosts have stimulated raw cotton. Wool
is moving of? freely at firm prices and the woolen mills
ere generally busy, there being no reports of slug
gishness anywhere. Footwear factories still report
an active demand for their product and say that in
view of the advance in hides and leather one of two
things must soon occur — either prices for shoes must
advance or they must be made of inferior qualit\% to
equalize the higher prices for material. r The iron
trade is in as good shape as ever, the mills being
filled with orders, many of them for months ahead.
The persistent prosperity in this line during the past
several years is surprising. Coal and lumber are also
quoted firm and active almost everywhere. The only
staples that have lagged are the cereals, notably
wheat/and the feeling in this grain has become more
bullish during the pa?t few days, owing chiefly to
persistent reports of increasing damage to the Ar
gentine ciop by drought, though much of this is
regarded as exaggerated.
But in spite of this conservatism business continues
to e.\pand. The country's bank clearings, which are
accepted as the most reliable indicator of the condi
tion of trade, show, week after week, an unvarying
gain over the corresponding periods last year. Some
times the percentage of increase runs up to 6o and
over and sometimes falls to 20 and even less, but it
is always ahead of the preceding year. The clearings
last week showed a gain of 26.2- per cent, and with
the exception of New Orleans and St. Paul every im
portant trade center in the country exhibited an in
crease. This tells the commercial story. The failures
for the week were 229. against 209 last year. They
have been running ahead of the previous 3"car for a
number of months, but are almost always small and
# unimportant. Seldom do we see one that attracts the
attention of the country at. large, as was the case five
or six rears ago.
s-^ OXSERVATISM still characterizes the b'usi-
I ness situation all over the country. At the
two great centers of speculation, New York
and Chicago, there is a noticeable lack of thst fever
ish activity which so often prevails in stock and
grain trading. Neither market is really dull, how
ever, and an occasional spurt in wheat or corpora
tion shares shows that but little stimulation is needed
to provoke eager speculation. Money is plentiful
everywhere and is easily accessible at moderate rates
ot interest, and the long period of prosperity enjoyed
by the country has thoroughly imbued the trading
public with confidence in the future. But the New
York banks are going slow. The3 r are scrutinizing
industrial securities before making loans and have
Istely been weeding out of their loan accounts a good
many which the}' consider doubtful. This course acts
as a safety valve on Wall street and maintains as
much stability in values as is ever seen in that busy
mart and imparts a feeling of confidence throughout
all lines of trade.
MONDAY............ OCTOBER 21.1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
liiittt All Coissmnieatiou to Vf. 8. LEASE, Kiugir.
MANAGER'S qFFICE Tcleplione l*re»i 3O4
ri'BLICATIOy OFFICE... Market and Third, S. P.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOSIS 217 to 221 StCTemoa St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Dellrered »»y Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Week.
; Slnirle Copies, S Cents.
Terms by Stall. Indcdiss Poitasei
DAILT CALL OncIaOlnc Sunday), on» year tl.M
DAILY CALL (inducing Eurday). 6 months 3.04
DAILT CALL (includlcr Sunday), t rxnths 1.59
DAILY CALL— By Blagla Month «5o
EUTvDAT CALL. On* Tear... - 1-M
VTEEKL.T CALL, Ona Tear .*. 1.00
\u25b2II postmaster* are authorized to recelr*
subscriptions.
Sarap!» copies trVl be forwarded wbea requested.
M*fl rabtcrlben In crderins change of address should b«
rartlcolar to el*« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to leture a prompt and corgrct compliance 'with their request.
OAKLAKD OFFICE. . . .X11S Broadway
£ c * GEORGE KItOGXESS.
Mt&igtr Foreign Advertising, Mirquette Building, Chicago.
(Lcnr I>l*tanc» Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX. Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEFKEX B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehermin Honse: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Bouse; \u25a0 Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wtlflcrf -AE*orla Hotel: A. Breataao, Zl Union Square;
Murray E1U HoteL -
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 623
McAllister, open until S;30 o'clock. €15 Larkln, open until
•:» o'clock. ISil Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2361 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 109* Valencia, open
ontll » o'clock. 1C€ Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
£00 Fillmore, open until $ p. m.
urge its adoption.
The suggestion in itself is attractive. A world's
exposition in our time is a very complex affair and
does not fall far short of being a veritable city during
its existence. It contains many buildings of different
kinds designed for different purposes, and it would
seem that they might be grouped in such a way with
reference to the parks and gardens of the exposition
as to form a really valuable object lesson in the art
of beautifying municipalities.
The proposed plan, if adopted, would in the first
place give the St. Louis exposition a novelty in the
way of attraction. The expositions of the past have
been planned few the purpose of producing many
kinds of architectural effect, but not. one of them has
been anything like that of a model city. Of course
much in the way of beauty and architectural
effect might be lost .-through the adoption of a
scheme that would arrange the buildings along regu
lar streets, but at the same time something would
also be gained. In the hands of competent men the
street vistas of the St. Louis exposition might be
made as effective in some ways as the great court of
honor at the Chicago exposition. - . :. .
As outlined in a- report made to the National Arts
Club the plan proposes that the departments of the
exposition which are the same as similar departments
in modern cities be treated so as* to form working
models of what such departments should be. These
include engineering, street cleaning, garbage disposal,
water supply, police, fire and health departments,
parks, tree-planting and other matters of that nature.
Furthermore, the plan involves "\ the \u25a0 treatment of
parks and plaza spaces, street crossings and other
vistas, and the grouping and architecture of other
structures and other lines in'which esthetic effects are'
desirable and practicable without sacrifice of economy
and utility. Finally, there -would be a complete ex
position of model lampposts, street* signs, letter
boxes, paper receptacles, park settees, street-cleaning
machinery and all other appliances that make up the
accessories of modern city life. .
Whether the plan can be made acceptable to the
St. Louis Commissioners remains to be seen. It will
of course be natural for the Commissioners to desire
to follow the old way and group their exposition
buildings so as to make the greatest spectacular ef
fect, and consequently a purely utilitarian grouping
may not be pleasing to them. It is certain, however,
that if such a plan be adopted and carried out with
efficiency under competent control there would be a
good deal , of gratification throughout the country.
The American people are very-much interested just
now in municipal improvement and adornment, and
a model city on a large scale would in itself prove a
popular exposition and a drawing one.
\ .
AN effort is being made by the National Arts
.' Club to induce the Commissioners of the St.
Louis Exposition to arrange the grouping of
the various buildings so as to present the aspect of
"a model city." A plan for the work has been for
mulated in a tentative way and a committee ap
pointed to confer with the exposition authorities and
A MODEL CITY.
Since young Rockefeller married a New England
girl the New England papers have been looking up
his college record and the Boston Globe reports that
he "was scrupulously exact in his accounts, 'never
believed in nor practiced the American habit of treat
ing and as athletic manager insisted that every man
should pay his own way." Nothing is said about his
standing as a student and apparently that no longer
counts in New England college life.
Logically he should carry his talents over to the
socialists and communists, whose ideas he made as
effective as possible while he was Mayor of Boston.
In this speech he said: "No intelligent observer of
politics can believe that our party is now going back
to its political attitude of a decade ago. Many point
to election returns as showing that its new spirit is
unprofitable. But it should be remembered that a
period of great and widely diffused prosperity is not
one in which men turn readily to those who offer
them radical remedies for ills in the body politic.
It was said -that Napoleon, in his disastrous winter
invasion of Russia, was defeated by General January.
In my opinion it was General Prosperity who de
feated Colonel Bryan. But General Prosperity has
always turned deserter in the past. If, unfortunately,
adversity declines to be permanently banished, possi
bly advanced Democracy may be more popular than
of late."
Is : that cynicism, pessimism or what? Does Mr.
Quincy mean that adversity is preferable to pros
perity? Does he intend to argue that his party has
no policy acceptable to a prosperous people and can
only be accepted by them in adversity? If so, it is
incumbent upon him to show that when it comes to
victory in partnership with famine, it must have the
power to restore the very prosperity upon whose
downfall it has depended for its opportunity.
The citizens of a republic may well feel suspicious
of a party which makes proclamation of its intention
to take advantage of adversity to get power. Grant
ing Mr. Quincy's entire sincerity, his declaration
can have no other meaning than that his party's pol
icy, as a minority, is to do all that a minority can to
bring adversity upon the country, to the end that its
radicalism may be more popular and that it may get
power. . •'. .
Surely there is but slight hope that conservative
men will see in this a reason for helping Mr. Quincy
to the Governorship of Massachusetts in order to
strengthen the party which sees its only hope of a
Federal victory in national adversity.
Following Mr. Quincy a speech was made by Mr.
Loughlan, ex-Mayor of Fall River, who said: "We
have fought the fool's fight long enough." Whether
! that was intended for Colonel Bryan or Mr. Quincy
I the ex-Mayor of Fall River did not explain.
One fails to sec anything original in this. It is a
repetition of the scheme of fusion of incongruities
which has been twice attempted by Mr. Bryan and
has twice failed. Mr. Quincy points to 22,000 votes
cast in Massachusetts for two Socialist candidates for
Governor as evidence of drift toward that political
school. If that drift is in a right political direction
why does he find fault with it? If it is wrong why
does he make a strong socialistic and communistic
platform and invite the drifters to come in and stand
on it? His whole attitude is a concession of the
rightness of radicalism. Does he suppose that it will
be satisfied to remain incorporated with the Demo
cratic party unless it can make that party represent
its radical policies? Apparently .not, for he invites
it to come in and through Democracy, as a medium
make its radicalism effective. Mr. Quincy is a very
scholarly gentleman, but he seems blind to some
things that arise of necessity in his invitation to the
men who left his party because it was too radical v to
come back and join men who have left it because it
was not radical enough. Such a union is impossible
unless it is entirely leconciled by the desire to get
office and power.
AT a meeting of the Democratic Club of Massa
chusetts Josiah Quincy, candidate for Gov
ernor, made a significant speech. Presenting
Democracy in this country as the analogue of the
several liberal parties in Europe, he declared that in
Great Britain and on the Continent those parties
were all dead and that Socialism had administered
on their estate and taken their place as the political
opposition of the parties that support the Govern
ment. He warned his hearers that the breakdown
of Liberalism abroad may indeed be regarded as a
threatening portent for Democracy in America. "I
would therefore say to the man for whom the recent
attitude of the Democratic party has been too radical,
'Come with us and exercise your proper voice within
the party to steady its action.' I would say also to
the man who complains, as not a few do, that the
Democratic party is not yet radical enough, 'Come
with us and make your advanced radicalism an effec
tive factor, instead of an empty protest.' "
This means a fusion within the party of former
Democratic conservatism with the advanced radical
ism which goes to the extreme of state communism,
all for the purpose of welding an opposition to "the
party which supports the Government."
tion would not be changed. Besides, though I am
a Republican, I would rather live in a Democratic
State than a Republican Territory."
To the people of the Territories the issue is not
one of politics merely. They are convinced that their
business and industrial interests would be advanced
by statehood. Thus at -the ..Phoenix -meeting Judge
Kebbey, a former Chief Justice ol the Territory, said:
"It is worth a great deal to say. one lives in a State.
The very word 'Territory' carries with it \ stigma
in the business world that means a loss'/o.f .business."
It is to be noted finally that the advocates of the
movement are counting much upon the well-known
Western sympathies of the President. It is believed
that Roosevelt will cordially co-operate in procuring
the desired action by Congress. The outlook is cer
tainly more promising than ever before and it is not
at all improbable that President Roosevelt will have
the satisfaction of adding three additional stars to the
glorious galaxy in the national banner.
BAY STATE DEMOCRACY.
GOSSIP ABOUT STUNNING HATS
AND DOCKING OF HORSES' TAILS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, OCTOBER 21' 1901.
4
"Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend' *.•
Drunkenness and all drug habits cur*J
at Willow Bark Sanitarium. IS33 Polk. •
Townsend's California, glace fruit3. 50c X
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
K et \: A nlce , P r « 3 ««t Eastern friends.
6SD Market street. Palace Hotel building-*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Alont-
jomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
Holland has 10.ICO windmills, eacU \o«
which drains S10 acres of land, at an av-
erage cost of 25 cents an acre a year. 7
. SUMMER RATES In effect at Hotel del Coro-
nado until December 1. . Tickst to : Coronadi
and return. Includlns 13 days' board and room.
$60. Inquire at 1 New Montgomery su
Columbia— "^The Henrietta."
Orpheura — Vaudeville.
California — "A Female Drummer."
Tivoli— "Xorma."
Grsr.d Opera-house — "The Man From Mexico.''
Alcazar— "The Girl in the Barracks."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
iSutro Baths — Open nights. .
AMUSEMENTS.NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of .tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published- by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 21. .
Sun rises 6:24
Sun sets 6:25
Moon sets , 0:00 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. j Ft. Ft. Ft.
H.W LW H"W LW
21~7T. 6:45 4.8 12:10 2.7 5:49 4.5
L W H "W L W H W
22 ... 0:24 0.S 7:26 5.0 1:10 2.1 7:01 4.5
23 ... 1:19 0.9 8:C4 5.3 2:04 1.5 8:11 4.7
24 .. 2:09 1.0 8:41 5.5 2:51 0.8 9:13 4.9
23 .. 2:52 1.3 9:18 5.8 3:34 0.2 10:12 5.0
26... 3:36 1.4 9:54 6.1 4:18—0.4 11:10 5.1
27... 4:18 1.7 10:35 6.3 5:08—0.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in. the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In ad
dition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given ls subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Successful Outing Held
by Iron Trades
Council.
The Iron Trades Council held its first
annual picnic at Shell Mound Park yes
terday in behalf of the strikers. The af
fair lasted throughout the afternoon and
evening and an exceptionally large crowd
was in attendance. The entertainment
consisted for the most part of sports and
dancinsr. \u25a0
Aspirants for public office were so much
in evidence that the picnic seemed like a
political gathering at times. Candidates
of all kinds mingled with the crowds, be
stowing genial smiles and grasping the
hand of every one who looked like a
voter. Eugene Schmltz and about all of
his associates on the Union Labor ticket
appeared and were cordially received. Mr.
Sclimitz mace a brief address, compli
menting the members of the iron trades
unions and advocating the uolicy of vot
ing his way. • Police Juuge Conlan and
City Attorney F. K. l^ane were also pres
ent. • \u25a0
The event of most interest in the day's
amusement was a tug-of-war between the
married and unmarried men, in which
the latter came off victorious.
The picnic was very successful finan
cially, about $4500 being realized, which
will be donated to the strike fund.
Credit for the admirable management of
the outing is due mainly to the efforts of
the following committees: •
Arrangements— J. J. Wallace, L. Adams, H.
Glldea AV. McCabe, L. Deering, T. Kear
flon H. Matthews, D. McLennon, W. H. Line.
Reception— R. I. Wisler. B. Hall, P. j: Har
vey, A. J. Raymond, E. Payne, J. Gallagher,
J. Alrd.
Floor— J. Oswalt, P.'Mahr. R. Ellis, B. Day.
J Montgomery, J. Hagan, C. Molkenbuhr, H.
Bartley, T. Cooney. \u25a0 W. Daley, \V. \V. Slagle,
H. Patterson. F. Fisher, C. Straub, W. Rus
sell W. Kilbride, D. J. Murray, P. Cassady,
D. Boyle, J. Jones, G. Gilmore, A. J. Smireieh.
The light-running "Domestic" received
highest award at Pan-American Exposi
tion for "'Best Family Sewing Machine." 1
ADMIRAL EVAJMS SEES
SIGHTS OF THE CIT1T
Rear Admiral Robley D. Evans, better
known in the navy as "Fighting Bob."
took a drive to the Park and Cliff yes
terday as the guest of Hermann Oelrichs.'
The party left the Palace early in the
morning, and after seeing the sights at
the beach was driven to the Presidio. Ad
miral Evans was an interested observer
for a ' brief period of the annual \u25a0 State
shoot of the First Infantry Regiment at
the Presidio ranges, and expressed himself
as . well! pleased at the skill displayed by
the guardsmen.
.- In the evening Admiral Evans dined at
the Pacific-Union Club with some friends.
He leaves on the Solace to-day at noon
for Tutuila, where he will preside over
the court-martial that is to try Captain
Benjamin F. Tilley; Naval Governor of
Tutuila, on charges of misconduct.
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Gtt It. You'll not regret it. . \
BENEFIT GIVEN
FOR STRIKERS
, -ARRIVED. - \u25a0 •
Sunday, October 20.
Stmr, Alex Duncan, Smith, 3% hours from
Amesj>ort. . • .
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand,. 4 days from Ta
coma, via Seattle.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, 44 hours from Redondo.
Stmr Lakme, Ordland, 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson, 13 hours from
Moss Landlnr.
Stmr Fulton. Levinson, 4S hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr .Sequoia, Winkle, 15 hours from Fort
Brajg.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 4 days from
Comox.
Bark Olympic, Gibbs, 22 days from Honolulu.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Skipper, 20 hours
from Fisks Mill.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
deea.- •
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Larsen, 48 hours from
Fort Ross.
Schr Ocean Spray, Halverdson, 26 hours from
Bowens Landing.
SAILED.
Sunday, October 20.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, for .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way i>orts.
' Stmr Georsre W Elder, Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Ranter, Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr W. H. Kruccr, Krog, Tillamook Bay.
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick, Anderson, Eureka,
* Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson, Tacoma.
Ger bark H. F. Glade, Haesloop, Queens
town.
Schr Emma Claudlna, Mikkelsen, Eureka.'
Sehr Ida Schnaucr, Brasting, Port Gamble.
Schr R. W. Bartlett. Nielsen. Honolulu.
Schr Expansion, Larson, Tacoma and Hono
lulu.
Schr W. H. Marston, Curtis, Honolulu.
Echr Jennie Griffin, Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr Monterey, Panzer. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 20, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind southwest, velocity 10 miles.
MEMORANDA.
Per stmr Chilkat, Oct 19— Saw a four masted
Br ship 20 miles off shore, bound for San Fran
cisco; thick fog and no wind.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 20— Ship Dashing
•Wave, from San Francisco. Departed Oct 20 —
Bark Plancilla, for Queenstown.
r " ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco. Arrived— Stmr Alliance, hence
Oct 10. \u25a0 ;
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 20— Schr
El Dorado, from Honolulu. Sailed — Chilean
bark Othello, for Valparaiso. '
Passed in Oct 20— Schr Columbia, hence Oct
6; schr Comet, from San Pedro; stmr Excel
sior, from Valdez, for Seattle; stmr Centen
nial, from Nome, for Seattle. Arrived— Schr
John G. North, hence Oct 8 for Port Gamble;
schr Fearless, for . Sailed outward — Ger
ship Pera. for .Hamburg.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 20— Schr John
G. North, hence Nov 8.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Centennial,
from Nome: stmr Excelsior, from Valdsz.
Sailed— Stmr Dirigo, for Skagway.
BANDON, Or— Arrived Oct 20— Schr Cor
inthian, hence Oct 5; all well.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 20— Bktn Gardiner
City, fcr Redondo. Arrived— Stmr National
Shipping Intelligence.
Captain Jackowbouski of the Russian
steamer Michael is still a prisoner on the
America Maru. The authorities will not
land him and he must go back to Japan
for an examination.
F. W. Becker, the well known cigar man
at Davis street and Broadway, died yes
terday morning. He was known to every
longshoreman and fireman on the front.
The St. Paul and Santa Ana of the
Nome fleet will get in to-day.
Water Front ITotes.
The sugar boat Olympic arrived in port
yesterday. She made the run from Hono
lulu in 22 days and did not have a mis
hap. Last March she ran into a gale and
lost her fore topmast, jibboom, main top
gallant and mizzen topgallant masts, be
sides sustaining other damage. She was
repaired at Honolulu and then came to
San Francisco. On this last run she had
nothing but fair weather.
Bark Olympic Arrives.
A new four-masted schooner for the E.
K. Wood Lumber Company is also under
construction at Hoquiam. She will be 170
feet on the keel, 39 feet 6 inches beam and
14 feet deep. She will be ready for launch
ing about next February..
Among the fleet of vessels now being
built on this coast is the schooner A. F.
Coats. She is for J. J. McKinnon & Co.
and is 172 feet 3 inches long, 37 feet 5
inches beam and 13 feet 5 inches deep. On
her maiden voyage from Hoquiam, Wash.,
to San Pedro she will take 700,000 feet of
lumber. Captain H. Dahlof will be the
master of the new vessel.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
City, hence Oct 19; stmr Coqullle River, hence
Oct 19.
ANTWERP- Arrived Oct 20— Stmr South
wark, from New York.
LIVERPOOL-Arrlved Oct 20-Stmr Umbrla.
from New York.
MO VILLE— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr City of
Rome, from New York, for Glasgow.
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Cam
pania, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Fries
land, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 20— Rvndam. from
Rotterdam and Boulogne Sur Mer: stmr Pal
atia, from Hamburg and Bolougne Sur Mer.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr
Wacsland, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Steamer Movements.
Two Vessels Are in Course of Construction at the Shipyards
. at Hoquiam, Wash., for San Francisco Merchants— Bark
Olympic Arrives From Honolulu After Fair Weather Run
BUILDING NEW SCHOONERS
FOR COAST LUMBER TRADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1901. ~"
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. . I Due.
Leelanaw New York via Panama Oct. 21
Mandalay Coqullle River Oct. 21
Loa.... Valparaiso & Way Pts Oct. 21
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Oct. 21
Pleiades Seattle Oct. 22
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Oct 22
Homer Huraboldt Oct. 22
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 22
City of Peking China and Japan Oct. 22
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 22
Thyra Portland : Oct. 22
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 22
San Mateo..... Tacoma Oct. 22
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 24
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 24
Santa Koaa San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 24
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. 24
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 24
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma .... Oct. 24
Newburgr San Pedro Oct. 24
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Oct. 24
Noyo Humboldt Oct, 24
Coronado : San Pedro Oct. 25
San Jose Panama & Way Ports Oct. 25
Ramsee Hamburg & Way Ports Oct. 28
£iYal"-;y Willapa Harbor Oct. 26
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Oct. 27
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 2S
Curacao Mexican Ports Oct. 29
Gaelic.......... China and Japan....... Oct. 29
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports..... Oct. 29
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Oct. 29
Alameda Honolulu Oct. 30
.' TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier.
October 21. I
Eureka Humboldt 12 mlPler 13
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm'pier 2
October 22.
\u25a0Argyll n. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 33
October 23.
Arcata C. Bay & Pt Orford 10 am Pier 13
Mandalay.... Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 3
Amer. Maru. China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
October 24.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier a
Newburg- Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Corona Redondo & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way.... 10 am Pier 7
Australia..... Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
October 25.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alliance Portland & C. Bay 5 pm Pier
October 2O.
Point Arena. Point Arena ...*.. 2 pm Pier 2
Loa Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
Noyo Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Coronado Seattle direct 5 pm Pier 2
October 27.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Pier —
FROM SEATTLE. "
Steamer. Prom. Due.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 22
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 23
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 23
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 25
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way.. Oct. 2S
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 27
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE: -*•#'& *IHlt
L.LE-85^**- & CO.
222-224 SUTTER ST.
NEW GOODS.
;\u25a0\u25a0
Stuffed Oriental Dates.
Smyrna Figa. 20c, 25c. 35c.
Bonbons and Dinner Favors.
Fruit Glace, French and Domestic
California Raisins. '
California "Walnuts.
German Salad Potatoes.
Plum Pudding— French, English and
Domestic.
Lowney's Chocolates. 1-R> and %-Ifc
boxes.
Loewenbrau Beer. T
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS,
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY.
BOTTER, Fan R y e J. r Hr ry - Sq. 45c
A very low price.
ABTICHOKES, R £.°1L Tin, 20c
F'rom Spain.
COFFEE, tTzsi 2fts.55c
A high grade blend. Boasted and
- ground fresh dally.
PAPRIKA, Reg. 25c. 29c
Promotes digestion. ' T
RAISINS, lm *%£ l S&"- 65c
5-IT> layer— last . season's highest
grade.
PORTER and ALE, SSs Doz. $100
Whlto Label, Guinness*.
HBRE PAIL, Reg. 40c, 30c
Very durable.
GREEN TURTLE MEAT,Reg.40c 35c
The delight of connoisseurs. .
RICE, 20 lbs. for $1.00
Good table rice.
Reg. 15 lbs. for $1.00.
HAMAMtLIS (Eitract of Wltcb Hazel)
Quart 40c. pint 25c. % Ptot 15c.
For burns, scalds, bruises, etc.
CASTILE SOAP, ill; Mb bars, 20c
Made of pure cocoanut oil.
Fancy Scalloped Shelf Paper, Qr. 20c
Beg. 25c "White, red, pink, blue,
green.
RYE WHISKEY, "Hermitage" 1889,
Reg. $6.00 — S4.5O gallon.
Keg. $1.50— SI. 15 bottle.
MOP and HANDLE, Reg. 45c, 35c
Best quality.
AMUSEMENTS. •
GOLUmolA uWimns
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
Fvery Night. Including Sunday. ;
MATINEE SATURDAY.'
STUART ROBSON
In the Greatest Production Ever Made of
Bronson Howard's Masterpiece.
MR. ROBSON AS BERTIE. THE LAMB.
An All-Star Cast. Including Many Favorltea.
BEST VAUDEVILLE POSSIBLE!
Monroe, Mack and Lawrence, Da
Courcy Brothers, Thomas Baker,
Joe, \u25a0 Buster and Myra Keaton,
Beaux and Belles, Mignonette
Kokin, Francis Le Page, John
Geiger and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats, We: Balcony, 10c; B/>x Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
ALL. THIS "WEEK. . •
SUCCESS FOLLOWS SUCCESS. j
NEW AND SURPRISING.
CHAS. A. BLANEY'S
BIG FARCE COMEDT COMPANY XS
A Female Drummer.
INCLUDING CHARMING. LOVELY, CLEVER
JOHNSTONE BENNETT.
SEATS NOW SELLING. j
Next-' 'SPORTING LIFE."
MATINEES SATURDAY A>TD SUNDAY.
To-night and Every Evening This Week,
WALTER B. PERKINS,
One of America's Foremost Comedians. In
"THE MAN FROM MEXICO."
The Funniest of Funny Farces.
BY H. A. DU SOUCHET.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c, 75O
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 23c.
Branch Ticket Office 'Emporium.
Next Week— WALTER E. PERKINS IN "MY
FRIEND FROM INDIA."
BELASCO & THALL Managers
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
CALL ON ...
THE GIRL
SNTHE BARRACKS,
She Is the Talk of the Town.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days In Advance.
PRICES r. 13c. 23c, 33c. 50c and 75c
NEXT— "TENNESSEE'S PARDXER."
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or Europeaa
plan. '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0:
GRAND HOTEL.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
Evenings at 8 Sharp!
MATINEE SATURDAY at 2 Sharp!
LAST TWO WEEKS OF GRAND OPERA.
To-night. Wednesday. Friday, Saturday,
With AVEDANO. the Great Tenor.
Tuesday, Thursday. Sunday Nights and Satur-
day Matinee,
Great Production of Puccini's
"LA BOHEME."
MONDAY. October 2Sth.
GRAND TESTIMONIAL TO DIRECTOR
STEINDORFF.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c. 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
EE&tiSCO *«™ THALE&jfotfW^
TT V W H~~N Beginning TO-NIGHT,
I 111 vT*j a" this . week. Mam-
»**\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 moth spectacular pio-
•V rrr\ nx\ dT\. -a t Auction. The big
MILL
Kwn.T^?-a scene *
a |A I S 3 "\u25a0 The Sensation of th«
fU 1 1 1 1 MATINEE SATUR-
III 1 VB 3 DAY and SUNDAY.
DDTrpC Evenings 10c," 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c
t ill VL~ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
CHUTES^* ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Ilenton Trio, Swor and Hatha-
way, The I/undrens, Edna Hamlin,
" Wise and Milton, The Lerners.
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
HARRY HARMON, High Diver.
Thursday Night— THE AMATEURS.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
FISCHER'S concert house,
riOUniinO. A omission IOc.
GEISSLER - HIRSCHHORN TYROLEAN
TROUPE; Mid Thornhlll; Geo. Jones: Maud
De Alma; Harry Holmes; Herr Huber; Elea-
nore Jenkins, and Hinrichs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILT FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
!• BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c. , CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing, including admission. "Oc; children, 20c.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYOllSEN KAISDl
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Br.n:nan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki arM Shanghai and
connecting at Hongk- ng with Eteamers -for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of failing.
SS. AMERICA MAItU
Wednesday, October 21. 1901
PS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. November 16. 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. December 11, 1901.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofllce,
4?1 Market street, corner First.
W. • H. AVERT. General Asrent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KiW T0EK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PASIJL
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York -Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St Paul Oct. *9 St. Paul Nov. 20
Frlesland Nov. € Haverford Nov. 27
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13 Philadelphia ....Dec. 4
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Zeeland Oct. 31 *Vaderland Nov. 20
Friesland Nov. 6 Haverford Nov. 27
South wark Nov. lo *Zeeland Dec. 4
•.Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL, NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
•General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
LOA Oct. 26JPALENA Nov. 23
PERU Nov. SlCOLfOMBIA Dec. 7
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
vNo changes at Acapuleo or Panama.) Freight
ai>d rasspnger office, 316 California street.
BALFOL'R, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
occ«b.3.to, sStosft
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Oct. 24, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti....
Oct. 24. 10 a, m.
S. 8. ALAMEDA. for-Honolulu
Saturday. No*. 2, 2 p. m.
i. D.SP.1ESKELS k BBOS. CO., General Agents. 327 Karfcei St
r.en'i Passnger QfSa. 643 Market St., Pier Ko. 7. PaciSs St
BAY AND EIVEK STEAMERS.
Steamen GEN. FRISBIB or MONTIOELLO
9:45 &. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:<5 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
ofllce, pier 2, Mission-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. .
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
! S Steamers leave Broadway
£^W_i Wharf. San Francisco:
V'^^StW f° r Al^rkan ports— 11 a. m.,
6fcs9? > 5\_- Oct. 3. 8. 13. IS. 1\ 23, Nov. 2.
|tT fc3>Jvj3r; Change to company's steamers
i P^T'X^c^^l Fo -' Victoria, Vancouver (B.
r w *3^pi^' \ C). Port Townsend. .Scatt'.t.
Tacoma. Everett .ind Xew
Whstcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m. .
Oct. 3, 8. IS. IS. 23. 2$. Nov. 2.
Change at Seattle for this com-
pany's ttearr.ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Taccrr.a for tt. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Kumbolit Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Oct.
4. 9. 14. 19, 24. 29, Nov. 3.
; for San Diesro. etopplnc only at Santa Bar-
k ara> Port Los Aneeles and Redondo <Loa An-
jr^j^s) steamer frianta Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Lc* Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. 6»n Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura Ht;en»ni». Kast San Pedro and San Pedro
— Steamer Corona. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Er.senada. M.ipdalena Bay, San Jose dsl
Cibo Mazatlan. Altata, La. Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas fMex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain the company's
folders. J"'__^l
The company reserves the rtfrtit to cnange
Eteamers, tailing days »nd hours of Bailing.
without prevous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
CX R. & iW. CO,
. - . Only- Steaxnahlp Xjlxao «e»
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to aM
r^iits East Through tickets to all
I cints, all rail or stcamshm and rail, at
2jO"W"EST jE2^\-1"EIS3.
BTEAMEE TICKETS INCLUDE BEBTHwd MEALS.
6S COLUMBIA Sail*.. Oct. 15. 25. Nov. 4. 14. 24
£S GEO. W. ELDEft l"V;t\2
...Sails Oct. M. 30. Nov. 9. 19. 29
7).TV.HiTCHCOCK.GEN.Ai?t..l Montsrm'y. S. F.
PANAMA R.R, S S ?
TO HEW yORK VIA PANAMA DIHEOr.
Cabin. tlOS; Steerage. l«0; Meals Free.
6. S. Arfeyll sails Tuesday, Oct. 22
5. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, #Oct. 28,
«5.S. Argyll soils - .' ' *
From Little Mall Wharf. Pier 38, at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. ?S0 Market et.,
F. F. COXN'OR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C02JPAGNI2 GE.NEHAL^ TRANSATLANTIQIT^
DIRECT LIKB TO HAVRE-PAHIS.
talhr.ff every Thursday inEtead of <PK1JXS
fcaturday. at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, **rt***ru*
North River, foot of Morton street.
First claies to Havre, t"0 and upward. Second
cla«s to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
-AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
AgeatH, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* cold br all Railroad Ticket Agents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DISORDERS g~^\
— OF — (St j~~ m *r\
«s £»|r\3>|
BY FAR THE GREAT- "/n^^l/V^
er number of patier.ti >~j \v1 II ' '
f ecking relief for so-called \\ \ yfr-i ll }f
weakness are strong, \\ \/\ *y/ //
robust men la every other
respect. Loss of Vitality. Prematurencss, etc i
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of in^
flammatory processes in the Prc«tate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused, by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too Ions
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
sults, as indicated by increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send free on
application. Is interesting to any one wishin"
to study the anatomy of the male
DR. 1ALC0IT & C!i., 997 Market St.
$visit DR. JORDAN'S great*)
$SUSE!IS3 QFlAHflfOHY?
a CS 1051*SA2E£ISX.iJ8t.6-Ji47s!i,S.r.Cil. A
\ Of ,,. Th ' 1 Anatomical Museum in (lie \
0 «*aft£>*v orl( l- " eacnesses or any omrra -ted A
V W2z$l * ira «.» > ?'' ll , u - l '''- ur «"J'>yth e oici s ,tr
© rt^KJI Specialist on the Coast. Kst. 36 years (JJ
0 fil^Wfi DR - JCRDAN-D1SZASES OF KEN Q
A 9$&??r k 3 Consultation free and strirlly private \
(s U AeVl R TtMtm * nl personally or bv letter A A
'\u25a0 \ 8 J/ ll H P< " itivt CuTt in ever > - case undertaken, \
» II II" MMIHEACE. MAtLHD FREE. ( A ¥
A <* U- ' reliable book for men) A
Y I>K. JOBDANAt'O., 105lMarl;PtSt S F V
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|S A GREAT "RESTOllATIVK, IN'VIGOltA
\u25a0 tor and Nervine. y luulu "
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and KDecial
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes
The Mexican B»medy for Diseases of the Kid-
ueya and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE Agents
323 Market St.. 8. F.— (Send for'cireulara.)
Gn H n \u25a1 /C3v Rifles. . . Ammunltlcn. Flsh-
I B^B^ HlnR TackIe - sjportinff. Out-
a H iriM lnff Largest Stock.
g||i rf^ Lowest Prices. Send for
ytJS B ill and -Tnh Sheet.
" m SHSEVE ft BARBSS CO.'
739Market. 511 Kearny
1A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOftNET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor." Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
\u25a0 Telephone Main 983. . : ,
rResidpnce, 821 California st., below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501. ' ". . U
_. • .- * ' * MISCELLANEOUS. v> /
THE STORE THAT SAVES YOU MONEY.
MANUFACTURERS AND RETAILERS
Furniture, Rugs, Draperies and Wood Mantels.
Cor. 16th and Mission Streets.
ALL ARTICLES MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES.
SPFPIIII NOTIPn THE GREAT CARPET SALE
B bW i 3 %£ aaa I . Reaches well into the second month. If the saving of money has any charms
for you you will not buy until you have seen our stock.
TO HOTI-T ITPPDP 1 !?^
TA DADi r\n i-i idmiti mr"** a vii it-** /--ri rocoe A savin S of 2 7^ c P er vard on Bigelow.Lowell Brussels, full line of patterns
I V rAKLUK rUKINI I UKh JVIAINUrAV- 1 UKtKS, with borders to match; suitable for parlor, dining-room or halland stairs. Reg-
TO HOME. FURNISHERS, ular$i. 5 o. Saleprice .. .... $1.32^
TO CUSTOMERS, • A saving of 20c per yard on Wilton Velvet Carpets, including all the new
TO INTERIOR DECORATORS * a '^ P atterns an & colorings, borders to match; also hall and stair designs. Reg-
* ular $1.25. Saleprice $l..O5
Jj^ I v B~l A saving of 55c per yard on Wild's inlaid tile Linoleum; the best covering
for kitchen floors, dining-rooms, restaurants, saloons, etc. Regular $1.50.
Of Furniture Coverings and Drapery Fabrics. Sale p^'''';^i;/;'; • • :......... osc
We will close out an importer's and manufacturer's entire surplus , A sav ing of 20c per yard on Smith's Axminster and Moquette Carpets; we
stock of Furniture Coverings, Drapery Fabrics and Oriental Fabrics 1 h "l 0 "* twenty different patterns, suitable, for parlors, borders to
., .. jr-v- *t match. Kegular $1.25. bale price Sl.Oo
at less than 1-3 to 1-2 the wholesale, price. 5000 yards — During the \u25a0. .
past few weeks we have disposed of 2OOO yards of this lot to Our A saving of 15c per yard on best American Cork Linoleum, 4 yards wide,
regular customers, but have decided, in order to make a quick sale and of excellent quality and designs. Regular 75c. Saleprice 6Oe
and secure room, to give upholsterers, manufacturers of parlor goods, A f n Axminsters, the finest
interior decorators and hotel-keepers an opportunity to secure some high pile carpet mad P e . £ show a magnificent f ine of this high . grade carpe S t ;
Of these wonderlu-. bargains — including all the new fall styles and colorings. Regular $1.90. Sale price:.? l.SO
5> Gc a yard for 61.50 Fabrics, 50 inches wide. ClWR rcATHCD rniirHCC
TScayardfor 82.0O Fabrics, 50 inches wide. rll'NL, LCAinCK LUUtOW.
SlmOO a yard. for $3.50 Fabrics, £0 inches wide.
S/.5O 2 yard for S4-.5O Fabrics, inches wide. , -u, u hm ,_ r , ..„ T^^nn^js^^^^^fvtl
S2,5O yard for S7.5O Fabrics, £^0 inches wide. - /^C^y^y^?^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
S3.OO a yard for $10.00 Fabric?, inches wide. P^Mi^lJ§1?i^
\A -a firings nt/ S hiTTinrKQrc firaccorc L -u.- i - -. - - - -!--\u25a0- \u25a0 %* i* ?^^^«Bw™v6 > Sga
lYldnUyciiiy V/ilBfilUBllCI 3 dilU \J\ caacl !5 RjV^ -^'L^'^^rt^g^^g^iaafeag^M
Xo TWeitch, ™ *9
Q/s^^^S. Made to order in our own factory. gft as*
/// above cut represents one of our special Leather J^£L§ I
III \\ Couches. Its plainness and simplicity commend it.
III W/& Strictly first class in every particular. Made in our own shop and
[I 1 YC f u "y guaranteed. Special price $40, Over fifty samples and styles
/111 jVi to select from. Sale on the second floor.
' T |? 8^^IP 5^^^ > 1 1 vvx, J/xK nfl Maffrooooo Bras^ and Ename!ed Bed5 -
%^i \u25a0-S^-Jh (s )) mdillBooBo -.; \u25a0
;=:^^p- ;=^. 4, / We guarantee to save you five dollars on \ ffi^jk**&J$if JX>i [^LjL I | fll
! r i^S" p f» 1^ 'GSP-rsZP"" €ac h Mattress purchased. We guarantee ! ffFQZ&fr*. I ll ~~ —fr—
¥ *r *«. £?J§^ - «!\u25a0\u25a0** f^^S. "^ • I that ls as eood as, if not better than, tf if J 'H 'WMfflhw IB 1 imiKT^riS'
jH.L n^^ ~^1L -^til * j£&2> +. & the so-called patent electric felt mattress , N [f (JTRE Ti H7^ €lKT3 SPttH "Q
/ jg^r^r^pi' rrtji&" \u25a0\u25a0Ji^r^ r -=^ — S^ JB: sold at fifteen dollars. It is not as. good fill, { ' \ f i» luf iPH I HltU ' H'
1/fif H^"'* i -y^«S^^^-~ it / /^""V. gg^te-< wjj, lil B3L 'toiw as a $50 hair mattress. Don't be deceived I I I! '^PTi*4iLi J-Wr^T*
«? H .\ jf fit K^^^*^. ~Z^S3£s" — *~^ ii bv niisleading advertisements. See our "*-L» K iT ' 1 I f\xT\ I 11©
y! a * ] IJ Fj v^^*"^ *-—?— mattress and get posted.. 4th floor. \u25a0y, " ' ' *.J..'_s 'J- °L' '"*
11 S CtiJ^i /9* '9/1 ft ifti^fc iti? • ' AF8_W/<r>d>i RI;ar?l/£vfl-£? Thls is " Our Special" and it Is the
V * ***$¥$&. * U 9 AiI'TTOOI DldllKGtS handsomest bed for the money that we
n /G!L \\Jf4 v ™ ttfrti %i*v C i have ever put on sale and cannot be du-
j!Sa3 S&? « eaai -sj^ y» » . plicated elsewhere. The design is new and
* ruil 3ize \ v -*) perfect in every detail. The construction
r ». cn , n,-.. w«-»u «t En of tne bed adds to its strength, durability
This very handsome Chiffonier is of neat This very handsome Dresser, made of « or 3>4--5U a , Pair, WOrtn 5 /.5U. and beauty. It can be had in different
design: has serpentine front and French rich golden quarter-sawed oak or genuine colors, decorated with old gold and brass'
le?s: has four large drawers and two mahogany veneer: has a 24x30 inch Frencn This is a heavy and strictly all-wool trimmings, and is made in three sizes. Call
smaller ones; the entire case Is polished bevel plate mirror; the entire case is high- Blanket, bordered in blue or pink, and is and sec it.
and has rich cast brass trimmings; stands ly polished; base is full serpentine front; one of the bargains to be had in our bed- Enameled Bed, with 11-16 inch pillars,
5 feet high and has a 14xlS inch French size of top is 22x43 inches, and is of very ding department. It is a really extraor- strong steel frame, all sizes c<C> rrpz.
bevel olate mirror. finest construction. dinary value,. and in making preparations «P^5-» C O
Golden Quarter-sawed Oak S25.OO Rich Golden Oak «2o.OO for the winter you should at least call and Enameled Bed. with brass top rods and
Genuine Mahogany Veneer S2G.OO Genuine Mahoganv Veneer $20.00 see our complete line of blankets. ., spindles, 1 1-16 inch pillars, . <t= f\i t.
Genuine Birdseye 'Maple S26.00 Genuine BIrdseye Maple $26. OO Bedding department, 2d floor. extension foot, all sizes «PcJ.VM/
tee^ eet ALL ROADS LEAD TO PATTOSIEN'S Missio g treet .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"THE SUPERIOR OF
I THEM ALL"
fa Everything that tend3 to
H , speed, comfort, pleasure and
Hj luxury unlimited. Reserve
fa berths for this famous train !
H at 641 Market street. j
I IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
I THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE .
I OR PIERCES
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BUOOD.UVER.UJftGS.I . 'If! \u25a0 %
| GREYHOUND. Description of Course. f §' Consolation Stake, f
; * \u25a0 '. Oi \u25a0 ;
: . : '\u25a0 ______ ' ' :
Second Round. First Round
3 Wedgrewood Unsighted joined in and did all work.. 8 Olita T '.... 16
5 Sir Pasha Was not up to usuat form 2 4S Ireland 9
5 Homer Boy.... AVon handily . in average trial 6 King Cotton 3
1 Firm Fellow Showed effects of hard coursing.. 3 20 DewUrop l
Tiburon a bye
... Beacon a bye Ran around Dewdrop, the bye dog- 40 i
\u25a0 Tame Tralee 7
2 Vandal Showed great speed 4 Tyrone Prince 5
1 Narcissus Killed too soon 3 20
Cold Shivers 13
Silver Cloud 6
... Charta a bye Beat John Doe pointless In a bye 16 .
— — \u25a0 Flora McDonald... 10
4 Flying Fox "Was favored, but showed the better dog 5 Herschel's Pride 7
5 A. J. Martin 2 34 1
\u25a0 Game Boy 5
2 Little Sister First two turns; drove to him for kill. 3 Aeolus i
1 Fontenoy 2 19
; i AVhite Hat a bye
1 Sisquoc Iy«l.two lengths on the outside 10 . —
2 Palo Alto Showed effects of previous work 0 32 Annie Hall G
k • Brutus 3
3 Chicago Boy Did the work; made great drive; kill 4
5 Roman Athlete 0 19 Royal Anne 10
— _ - Harlean Gladys.... 3
1 Luxor Led well; ran a good dog 4 .
1 Freeze Out 0 22 Anchor 5
1 — May Hem pstead... 0
2 Tralee Boy :...: Led to hare; made first 4 4 .
1 Mose , Two wrenches and a turn; both killed 3 24 Fine Fire 9
: Royal Archer 7
6 Rector Led; turned; killed 4 .
1 Warship Favored for his points 2 25 j Second Round.
1 : • Olita "... is
Third Round. King Cotton '14
.3 Homer Boy Had the speed 3 %
5 Wedgewood Showed no desire; killed 2 20 Tiburon S
\u25a0 \u25a0 — 1 Tame Tralee 0
1 Beacon Led; took first and second turn 4
1 Vandal ..' Scored the kill 2 35 Flora McDonald... 3
Cold Shivers '. 2
4 Charta Led two lengths; killed 4
5 Flying Fox 0 2S Game Boy 7
White Hat • 3
4 Sisquoc Best dog won 13
1 Little Sister 3 48 Annie Hall 12
— — — — — — ————————— — — — Royal Anne ...... 4
2 Luxor Got turn and killed 3
1 Chicago Boy 0 16 Anchor 3
Fine Fire ... 4
6 Rector Made first 6; 2 In mlxup 8
1 Tralee Boy Scored 3 and kill 5 40 \u25a0 Third Round.
; : Tiburon 6
Fourth Round. Olita 5
2 Beacon j je d; got first turns; killed 5
1 Homer Boy Was placed for 2 points 2 40 Game Boy i
: Flora McDonald .. 1
2 Sisquoc „ Ran a preat dog against a hard hare. 23
1 Charta Fall destroyed chances; was outclassed. 12 140 Annie Hall 10 \u25a0
— Anchor 5
5 Rector • Was weak, especially after undecided. 3 :
1 Luxor ' Killed too spon 2 47 Fourth Round,.
\u25a0 — ; \u25a0 Game Boy 22
Fifth Round. Tiburon 10
5 Beacon Led up well and killed 4
_2 Sisquoc 0 16 Annie Hall a bye
" Deciding Course.
... Rector a bye Led Wedgewood; beat him out in bye 30 Annie Hall 7
. . ... • I Game Boy 4
I . PITCHERS. " \u25a0
1
0 »T3 > M <
i - p C a \u25a0 •» 2 ' <d '
a «\u25a0 a >i E t
NAME.. f |Jfi fi gj||
1 [ : ! S j
Moskiman 63 35 121 7 1 .951
Ibury 49 22 121 8 1 .941
Devereaux ' 11 16 30 3 0 .938
Schmidt 9 5 32 2 1 .923
Hodson ;. '30 7 54 3 2 .924
McNeely 12 6 • 16 1 l .916
Doyle 27 24 61 3 5 .912
Whalen 51 27 105 8 7 .311
Johnson 27 12 41 4 3 .883
J Altrock S 7 20 1 3 873
28 20 53 5 6 .873
Hale 34 8 59 4 7 .870
Stricklett 62 33 106 13 10 .858
Jones 51 4 . 77 9 6 .843
Hartwell 32 11 68 9 10 .808
Hotter ...".. 11 2 18 3 3 .763
CATCHERS.
0 m >. « \u25ba« >tj
P c m -i pa r>
1 -g £ a ™ 8
NAME. : s- •;?. :;.* j|
: : b si
• I * - T* t fl*
Spies 126 659 147 16 14 .964
Stanley 113 500 104 15 17 .S4a
Wilson 41 154 41 6 7 .937
Lohman J12 394 150 31 23 .909.
Graham 85 224 88 26 17 .878
OUTFIELDERS.
'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 O *ti "> H >tf
P C M «j j <»
: : '• ': ' "*
Bowman 103 31S 16 7 .979
Atherton .'. 24 41 4 1 .978
Drennan ••••.. 116 238 2i 8 .970
McLaughlin 116 238 22 9 .966
Courtney •••• .13 38 10 . 2 .960
5Croll • 78 142 14 S .951
fDoyle 88 144 12 8 .9*1
Hildebrand 129 232 17 13 .950
Strelb ..'.. •• - 47 100 9 6 .94$
Stricklett.... \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 "29 46 3 4 .943
Hemphill 24 46 1 3 .940
Nordyke 105 167 17 13 .934
Dunleavy 95 172 IS 14 .931
Schwartz 31 37 9 4 .920
Householder ..........: 119 243 29 24 .916
Dougherty -.22 29 3 3 .9U
McGucken 95 184 17 12 .913
Brockhoff... 7S 114 17 13 .90y
TEAM BATTING.
a > a
CLUB - \u25a0! i \u25a0! £
: • : f.
Sacramento 124 4236 1040 .243
San Francisco 134 4521 1077 .23S
Los Angeles 125 4210 992 .233
Oakland 131 4276 936 .218
TEAM FIELDING.
c to 3 S
T •'» ° s
\u25a0-'-» \u25a0 s sr " »
CLUB. CT : : \u25a0 S
: : ; *>
Los Angele8 3U6 1593 299 .943
Sacramento 3284 155G 306 .940
San Francisco ; 346S 1793 351 .937
Oakland (3529 1S31 410 .923
INDIVIDUAL FIELDING RECORDS.
a . > H 3.
\u25a0\u25a0 I r | 3 S
NAME. S c | 3 §
: S : i o
, : • • • : (n
•'•'•:?
First Basemen-
Davis 15 147 7 1 .993
Pabst 115 1248 57 32 .983
Streib 78 771 19 15 .981
5Eagan .. 22 339 4 8 .977
JNordyke 17 166 8 4 .977
Hanlon 92 -907 43 ,20 .976
Hutchinson 100 1025 34 29 .973
Kihm 20 185 11 7 .965
Second Basemen — \u25a0
Flood .'.. 9 24-21 2 .957
Reitz 75 185 216 24 .940
Courtney 100 301 347 41 .940
Schwartz 105 209 312 50 .912
Arrellanes 106 238 326 58 .906
Mohler . 26 79 1C0 19 .904
Krug 20 82 82 19 .896
BrockhofE 18 67 40 15 .570
Third Basemen — . \u25a0
J. Reilly 129 333 267 47 .928
C. Reilly..... V. 122 175 299 48 .90S
Sheehan 116 154 257 48 .883
Eagan 37 40 76 19 .853
Moore .. -62 46 155 39 .837
Shortstops — \u25a0 - , \u25a0;
J Francks 104 303 329 76 .892
Uielly Hi 239 390 76 .892
Krug 94 229 305 73 .879
Devereaux ....... ' 113 357 353 98 .878
Shay 38 84 115 31 .865
Hall 11 4 19 7 .713
Sacramento won the morning game on
the Oakland grounds by a score of 10 to 3.~
The heavy hitters from the Capital City
fell en Hodson's curves in the first two
innings and batted him out of the box.
Schmidt relieved him. The score:
SACRAMENTO.
T _, ' AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E
iiood. >s 5 o o o i 5 6
£:-!f*han. 3b a 0 3 0 3 4 0
Courtney, 2b 4 1115 2?
Doyle, cf 5 2 2 12 0 0
Davis, lb 5 2 2 0 10 0 0
McLauphlin, If 2 2 2 0 2 0 0
Devereaux, o 3 2 1 1 o l o
Sullivan, c 5 0 0 0-300
McXeely. rf 1 0 0 0 0 0 O
HoSftr. rf 111110 0
Totals S6 10 12 4 27 1J ~J
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler, 2b 3 10 0 6 2 0
Lvunleavy, *b 5-2 4 U 3 4 o
Btreib, rf 10 0 0 0 0 0
Earan. lb 4 0 2 0 12 0 0
Prennan, cf 4 0 10 3 1 0
Babbitt, ss 4 0 10 15 1
Moskiman. If 4 0 10 10 1
Hansen, c 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Schmidt, p 0 0 0 0 0 10
Hodson. p 2 0 0 0 0 1 0
Lohman, rf 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
•Hamilton 1 0 0 •> 0 0 0
Totals 36 3 10 0 27. 15 3
•Batted for Kodson in ninth inning.,
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. "."v:
Sacramento 2 2 0 2 0 I '2.1 0— 10
Oakland Easy for Senators.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 20.— San Francisco
and Lcs Angeles played another close
game to-day. Bunched hits won the, locals
the contest. San Francisco made a bold
bid in the eighth Inning, but a fine throw
to the plate by Dougherty stopped the
tying run. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AD. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphill. L f 4 12 0 3 0 0
Dougherty, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Householder, c. t 4 1 2 0 2 00
Reitz, 2b S 0 0 0 4 4 1
Kihm. lb 10 0 0 2 0 0
Hutchinson, lb 2 0 1 0 7 0 0
Hall. 3b 3 0 1 0 0 3 0
Kelly, s. s 2 0 1 0 4 4 0
Spice, c 3 0 10 5 2 0
Mcl'artlln, p 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Totals .'. 28 2 8 0 27 14 2
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, c. f 4 110 2 0 0
Wilson, c 4 0 1 0 4-2 0
HiMebrand. 1. f 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Schwartz, r. t 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Pabst, 3b 4 0 10 8 0 1
Krugr. 2b 4 0 10 2 0 C
Shay, s. 6 3 0 0 1 4 3 0
J. Kellly, Cb 3 0 1 0 0 00
Iburg. p..... 3 0 0 0 15 0
Totals 32 1 8 1 24 10 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Anjreles 0000 0 200 •— 2
BaEe hits 22001300 •— 8
San Francisco ...0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0— l
Base hits 11100113 o— 8
SUMMARY. •
Runs responsible for— McPartlin 1, Iburg 2.
Three-base hit— Householder. Two-base hits—
Hutchinson, Wilson, Nordyke. First base on
errors— Los Angeles 1, San Francisco 2. First
base on call»d balls — Los Angeles 2. San Fran
cleco 2. Left on bases — Los Angeles 4, San
Francisco 7. Struck out— By Iburg 2, by Mc-
Partlin 2. Hit by pitched ball— Shay. ' Double
plays— Shay, to Pabst: Reitz to Hutchinson;
Hall to Reitz to Hutchinson. Time of game—
1:10. Umpire— Levy. ,
Angels Win a Close Game.
Kemphill of Los Angeles is the king of
California League batters, while Parke
Wilson of the locals is pressing him hard.
Dr. Moskiman still continues to keep at
the head of the pitchers, while "Ham"
Iburg is close behind him. Following are
the latest officail averages for the season:
INDIVIDUAL BATTING RECORD.
0 > » o aHHtpto »u
1 gfllllP I
player. : : : £ c % S * S £
: •" : ; - S » M aj a
': '• = j : 35 S S " - :
Kemphill 24 85 S 29 0 2 1 6 7 .341
Wilson 42 165 22 52 0 4 7 2 6.315
Courtney 122 473 70 146 6 7 17 8 20.303
Hall 14 40 3 12 0 1 3 1 3.200
Altrock 9 274 81020 0 .29'.
Doyle ...'..115 477 62 141 2 2 18 E 23 .295
Householder ....:.. 120 502 80 148 8 11 39 12 15 .234
Davis 18 65 7 19 0 0 1 3 5 .292
Dougherty 22 93 16 27 0 1 13 3.290
Atherton 43 160 28 45 4 2 9 3 1.281
Pabst ..126 462 68 129 4 6 28 16 19.279.
Strelb 126 487 56 136 2 2 20 3 22.279
Hoffer 21 72 14 20 0 0 4 1 6.277
Kihm 20 72 14 20 1 7 3 1 4.277
Nordyko 123 463 76 128 11 5 30 1119.276
Krug 133 540 75 149 11 4 33 7 17.275
Hlldebrand .....'.... 129 506 73 138 1 5 23 21 23 .27;!
Flood ;.. 8 33 5 90130 3.272
Reitz 75 282 44 75 0 1 6 18 15.265
Schwartz 132 503 74 133 3 5 11 17 35 .264
Lohman 116 38156 98 2 2 23 18 23.256
Stanley 113 397 46 102 2 2 16 23 17 .255
Mohler 27 S3 19 23 1 1 2 9 16.247
C. Reilly .....122 433 50 107 1 123 14 14.247
McLaughlin 124 481 76 US 2 7 16 18 56 .245
Stricklett 79 270 39 66 4 8 12 6 8.244
Eagan 84 322 42 77 5 1 15 7 13.239
Hutchinson 100 367 63 S8 5 2 16 14 16 .223
Devereaux 124 484 85 115 3 2 21 10 50 .237
Drennan 116 43S 56 104 2 2 16 7 37.237
Shay 38 140 19 33 0 2 2 2 12.235
Francks 105 368 55.86 5 2 17 17 31 .23.J
Moskiman 9 S 323 30 74 1 6 13 6 9.229
Sheehan ..J .124 453 54 101 1 3 16 20 22 .222
Kelly 116 414 45 91 4 4 18 25 21.213
Graham.... 85 2S4 21 62 1 010 1013.218
Dunleavy 110 408 53 88 2 4 IS 9 23.215
McGucken 96 38134 82 0 0 10 11 9.215
Sullivan IS 657 14 00211 .215
Bowman 103 363 27 78 3 4 11 lfi 19 .214
Arrellanes 120 447 55 94 3 7 14 2 21.210
Brockhoff 101385 61 81 0 3 9 3 18.210
Hanlon 95 358 50 73 5 3 14 7 27.203
Spies 125 455 49 92 0 3 18 12 22.202
Hartwell 35 110 15 22 0 1 1 2 0.200
McPartlin 6 15 1 3 0 10 1 0.200
Schmidt 17 51 6 10 0 0 1 1 3 .196
Hansen 22 62! 8 12 0 0 1 2 1 .193
Babbitt 92 282136 r»3 1.3 9 15 18 .1S7
Jones 51 1701 8 31 0 12 3 4.182
J. Reilly 132 485(42 87 4 1 14 5115.179
Croll 79 2SS|33 49 111 9 4| 6 .171
McNeely 14 41 1 5 »T 0| 1 1 10 .170
Hodson 311 901 4 14 0 0 2 81 1 .155
"Whalen \u25a0 51116113 21 0 1 1 611.130
Iburg 53!165|12 20 11 1 3 51 5f.l2l
Johnson 3fi| 991 7 11 01 0 3 "41 2 .111
Hale 34|106] 1 10 0| 0 lj if 0 .094
Runs responsible for— S'chmidt 4, Hodson !.
Devereaux 2. Home run — Devereaux. Three
base hits — McLaughlin, Dunleavy, Hotter. Two
base 'hits — Davis 2, Dunleavy. Sacrifice hit —
Devereaux. First base on errors— Sacramento
2. First base on called balls— Sacramento B,
Oakland 3. Left on bases— Sacramento 7, Oak
land S. Struck out— By Hodpcn 1, by Dev
ereaux 2. Hit by pitcher — Courtney, McLaueh
lin. Double plays— Courtney to Davis; Dunieavj
funassisted). Time of game — two hourd.
Umpire— Harper. McFarlln, official scorer.
SUMMARY.
Pistol. "50 yards— F. O. Young-, 44, 47 4-? 48. 49-
G. W. Hoadley. 48. 54. 54, 55; H. A. Bak»r 52'
58. 61, 67. 67. 69, 72, 74; Dr. Twist 53, 55 64 65
S 1 Hi C ' M - Dalss - 5G - "• "! E - A - Allen,' 9(>;
97, 102.
Revolver— A. J. Brannagan 44 47 50; W G
Hoffman, 78. 81.
22-Rifle. 50 yards — Dr. J. F. Twist 19 21
26. 29, 32. 34; F. O. Young, 29; C. L. Gimmel,
34. 63; E. Stephens, D3, 68.
Base hits 3 2 0 1112 2 0—12
Oakland 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 2 0 — 3
Base hits 0 2 0 1 1 2 0 2 2—10
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club had
a good day's sport at Harbor View ves
terday. Excellent shooting was done by
H. A. Baker with the pistol. He shot two
scores in sharpshooter's form— a 58 and 52
— and was only beaten eight points for
first honors with the pistol during- the
day. He is a new member and the young
est shooter in the club, and bids fair to
beat the best. A. B. Dorrell led with the
fine rifle. Dr. Twist was high mafi with
the 22 rifle. A. J. Brannagan, with the
revolver, equaled the best pistol score by
Young. Ed Hovey was first in the Creed
moor match. The score:
On Columbia target, offhand shooting rifle
200 yards— A. B. Dorrell, 51, 53, 51 49; 'f O
Young. 56. 61; "W. G. Hoffman, 63; G. M Bar
ley. 68; G. "SV. Hoadley, 86, 92; E A Allen 117
Unitary and repeating rifle, •Creedmoor
count— Ed Hovey. 47, 47, 46, 48 44 U a u-
E. A. Allen. 43. 42 ' ' ' '
Columbia Pistol Club Scores.
Southern Pacific special train leaves San
Francisco December 18. Los Angeles De
cember 19, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip, San
Francisco $S0, Los Angeles $70. Personally
conducted. Dining-car, Pullmar. sleepers.
Limit sixty days. Low side-trip rates.
Optional itineraries. Make reservations
613 Market street, San Francisco; 281 South
Spring street, Los Angeles.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
BEACON and Rector, the fast grey- ,
hounds from Albert Curtis' ken
nel, which were nominated by
their owner for the great John
Grace cup stake, reached the de
ciding course of that event yesterday at
Union Coursing Park. It was not deemed
expedient to run the all-important final
course, as darkness had settled down on
the field, rendering it impossible to give
the fleet dogs a fair trial.
The running of the classic stake result
ed in many great trials. The spectators
who filled the stand were denied the op
portunity of seeing the best of the sport,
owing to the fog which obscured the field.
Palo Alto showed "plainly the result oE
his hard work in the run down on Satur
urday. In his course with Sisquoc he was
retired without a point to his credit. Sis
quoc had a tight hold on a chance in the
final and it seemed he was the strongest
and steadiest dog in the stake. After de
feating Little Sister,' Healey's champion
met Charta and beat her in a long-, heart
breaking course. Only the finish of the
trial could be seen from the stand, but
when Judge Grace came in from the fog j
bank he was loud in his praises of the
Petaluma courser and declared the trial"
one of the best he had ever judged.
About this time the fog settled in heavy
banks in front of the slipper's box and
James Grace was forced to give the dogs
the shortest of "slips" to keep them
sighted on their game.
Many spectators hoped for Sisquoc's
sake that the running of the semi-finals
would be postponed, but were disappoint
ed. Beacon came out a fresher dog and
defeated Sisquoc in a short trial.
Rector ran a great dog, though a trifle
wild. In the fourth round, had not Luxor
killed too soon, Rector would have been
retired.
Vandal and Charta ran well. In fact,
the stake was a succession of clever
courses. The deciding course between
Beacon and Rector will be run at Union
Park' on Sunday next.
In the Consolation stake, for dogs beat
en on Saturday, T. J. Mclnerney's Annie
Hall took first honors, beating A. T. Leon
ard's Game Boy In a course that was seen
only by Judge Grace and his attendants
in the field. Game Boy had beaten Tibu
ron in the semi-final, rolling up a heavy
score, and the talent erred in-making him
a favorite.
Greenhall beat Elista in the final of the
Special stake by a score of 12 to 8.
Special stake, third round— Lear Kins beat
Agamemnon. 4-0: Greenhall beat St. Ives. 5-0;
Golden Garter beat Master Rocket, 9-7; Elista
teat Bejt Bargain, 13-10.
Fourth round— Greenhall beat Lear King, 3-1;
Elista beat Golden Garter. 4-3.
Deciding course — Greenhall beat Elista, 12-S.
HEMPHILL IS KING OF CALIFORNIA BATTERS.
MORNING GAME.
Oakland fielded raggedly in the fourth,
letting in three more runs. Hoffer was
safe at first, Eagan dropping the ball.
Davis hit to pitcher, who threew to Moh
ler at second. He also dropped the ball.
2kIcL.augJilin sacrificed. Devereaux came
with a timely hit to right field, scoring
Hoffer and Davis. Sullivan flew out.
Devereaux scoring on the throw in. as
sisted by Pitcher Schmidt. The* ball was
thrown in a straight line for the plate
when the Oakland pitcher leaped in the
air to stop it. The ball struck his glove
and rolled off to one side.
Devereaux played a great game. He
took desperate fielding chances, shutting
off a number of men at first base. In the
morning he pitched at Oakland and
knocked the ball over the fence once. The
score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood, -b -~i, >,-'- 4 14 12 6 0
Sheehan, Sb „\u25ba. 3 0 0 0 0 2 1
Courtney, cf ..«..„ 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hoffer, rf .......... 3 110 2 0 0
Davis, lb *~, 3 1 0 0 15 0 0
McLau*rhIin, If ...... 3 0 0 0 3 O 0
Devereaux, es ,...„ 2 2 10 2 6 0
Sullivan, c ,i., w ... 3 11110 0
licNcoly, p ,— 2 0 0 0 0 10
Totals J.V-iTiM.rr TT 6 7 2 27 13 . 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler. 2b ........... 3 0 0 15 11
Dunleavy^ Sb 4 0 10 0 3 0
Babbitt, ee .......... 3 10 10 3 3
Kauan. lb ' . m 4 0 © 0 12 2 1
Mos-kirnan. rf ....... 4 0 0 0 10 0
Drennan, cf 2 10 0 10 0
Hanson, c 3 110 4 2 0
Hamilton, If ........ 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
gchmldt. p m. 3 0 0 0 18 1
Totals 29 3 3 2 24 19 ~6 j
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 1.0 0 0 2 0—3
Base bits 00000003 0—3
Sacramento 0 0 3 3 0 0 0 0 • 6
Base hits «^ 10212010 •— 7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— McNeely 2. Schmidt 2.
Three-base hit— Flood. Sacrifice hits— Sheehan,
McLaughlin. McNeely. First base on errors—
Sacramento 3. First base on called balls — Oak
land 3. Sacramento 3. Left on bases— Oakland
3, Sacramento 4. Struck out— By McNeely 1
by Schmidt h Hit by pitcher— Drennan. Hof
fer. Double plays— Eagan to Hanson; Flood
to Davis. Passed ball— Hanson. Time of game
— One hour and twenty-five minutes. Umpire
Harper. Official scorer— McFarlln.
Oakland's infieldlng at times was a com
edy oi" errors. Some of these errors con
tributed to the three runs Sacramento se
cured in the third inning. Devereaux went
to first on four balls. Sullivan hit an easy
one past the pitcher and made first on
what should have been an out. McNeely
sacrificed, advancing each man one base.
Flood hit safely, sending Devereaux home
1'cr the first run.
Hanson. Oakland's catcher, threw to
second to catch Flood and Sullivan scored
on the play. Sheehan hit to shortstop. Ea
gan on flrst dropped the ball, which
bounded over the fence into the crowd.
Sheehan did not make the best use of his
time on the base lines, as he was caught
out at the plate when he might have
added to the Senators' score.
In the second inning Davis tried to steal
second while the ball -was in the pitcher's
hands, but failed.
Sacramento made it two straight yes
terday with Oakland, capturing both the
morning and the afternoon game. The
men from across the bay played in a per
functory manner at Recreation Park, ex
cept in the eighth inning, when two of
their runs were scored.
Drennan was given a pass to first. Han
son hit safely and went to second on a
throw intended to shut off Drennan on
third. Hamilton bunted, filling the bases.
Schmidt flew out. Mohler hit safely, scor
ing Drennan, but forcing Hamilton out at
second. Dunleavy followed with a good
two-bagger, scoring Hanson and sending
Mohler to third. Babbitt retired the side
before any more runs could be scored.
The Corinthian fleet, with Commodore
H. D. Hawks' sloop May in the lead,
cruised yesterday from Tiburon Cove to
ward Sausalito and thence with the chan
nel, where a fine sailing breeze was blow
ing. Several yachts of the San Francisco
Club joined the fleet, which presented a
beautiful sight as it beat out toward the
city front. Nearly the whole Corinthian
fleet was under way. among: the yachts
being the sloops Edna, Emma, Aeolus,
Harpoon, Merope, Nixie and the yawls
Frolic, Spray and Kittiwake. At one time
thirty-nine yachts could be counted, of
which the yawls Phyllis and Royal and
the sloops Thetis. Mischief and Surprise
carried the San Francisco flag, while Com
modore Caduc flew the flag of the Oak
land Canoe Club on his fine sloop Annie.
Dr. T. L. Hill took his sloop Cygnus up
to Corte Madera Creek, where she will lie
during the winter.
On returning to her moorings at Sausa
lito the sloop Thetis was stripped of her
grear, which was stowed in the clubhouse.
Next Sunday she will be towed over to
Tiburon Cove and will enter the lagoon
when the bridge is raised.
Fleet Presents a Pretty Sight
as It Beats Out Toward
the City Front.
"Brick" Devereaux Hits and
Fields in Brilliant
Fashion.
CALL'S FORM CHART FOR JOHN GRACE CUP STAKE.
Corinthians and San
Franciscos Wind
Up Season.
Oakland Plays Two Rag
ged Games With
the Senators.
Deepening Shadows Prevent the Running of Deeding Course to
Determine Which of the Two Great Dogs From the Kennels of
the San Jose Coursing Man Is the Faster in a Fair Trial
SACRAMENTO
TWICE WINNER
ALBERT CURTIS' GREYHOUNDS
PROVE BEST OF BIG FIELD
FORTY YACHTS
IN LAST CRUISE
TENNIS PLAYERS
IN FAST GAMES
GEHRET BREAKS
RIFLE RECORDS
4
Class Singles Tourney
; on California Club
Courts.
Makes the Best Twenty-
Shot String at San
Rafael.
Seventeen Consecutive Bulls
eyes Go to Make Up
the Score.
Largest Entry and Most Suc
cessful Meeting in
Years.
FRIEND, Neb., Oct. 20.— A five days'
coursing meeting will begin Tuesday at
the park of the Friend Coursine Club.
Over 200 greyhounds have been entered
and will compete for prizes aggregating
$3000. The entries comprise dogs from
ten States, many of which hold champion
ship honors. Among those who have ar
rived with fast dogs are E. M. Kellogg of
San Francisco and Bartels Bros, of^Den
ver.v
Coursing in Nebraska.
There was an unusually large attend
ance of marksmen yesterday at Schuetzen
Park, San Rafael. Many clubs held both
bullseye and medal shoots. The weather
was favorable and some excellent scores
were made.
The honors of the day went to A. Geh
ret, who broke all previous records for the
twenty-shot string with a score of 453.
This is the highest ever made over these
ranges. Last year A. Strecker made 450,
which was the record until yesterday.
Gehret made seventeen consecutive bulls
eyes. He was warmly congratulated by
his friends.
The medal shoot of the California
Schuetzen Club resulted as follows:
First champion class— D. W. McLaughlin,
223, 218: D. B. Faktor, 225, 223; F. E.. Mason,
225. Second champion class — O. Bremer. 224,
204; C. Meyer.. 212, 205; T. J. Carrol, 202. 199; P.
Jacoby, 1SS, ; W. Ehrenpfort, 196. 186; A.
Rahwyler. 220; O. Burmeister, 198, 187; F. A.
Schrumpf, 141, 173; H. Enge, 211, 1S5. First
class— A. Gehret, 212, 212; A. Utschig, 168; A.
Bertlesen, 201, 208. Second class— A. Jungblut,
220; J. Kullman, 204, 198; A. von Wyl. 215. 203;
"W. Blasse. 190. 1S5; G. Tannmeyer, 204, 184; M.
Blasse, 201, 1S9; O. Ludwig, 159; A. Humpel,
177; F. D. Smith. 202. 196. Third class— C A.
Sagehorn, 1S3, 181; C. R. Langer, 193. 157; J.
Horstrnan, 183, 177; G. Ritschmuller Sr., 200; J.
C. Waller, 1S7. 133; F. C. Hagerup, 162. 139; F.
Rilde. 149, 115; J. Staub. 180; M. Reubold. 148:
F. Suter, 159; O. Ohlandt, 113, 113. Fourth
class— L. Simon, 126, 124; L. Rink. J. Dahlben
der. 1S9, 191; C. M. Rousseau, 214. 160; E. En
gelander 147, 123; C. Zimmerman, 130, 135.
Cadets— H. Becker, 171. 171; R. Meyerhofer. 190,
135.
The bullseye shoot was a's follows:
D. W. McLaughlin 698. G. Jammeyer 342, C.
Sagehorn 1139, A. von Wyl 9S4. A. Kullmann
2055, O. Ohlandt 1S40, O. Burmeister 1915. C.
M. Rousseau 2260, A. Jungblut 1398, G. Rltsch
muller Sr. 1312, W. Blasse 613, F. C. Mason
660. A. Gehret 402, L. C. Babin 23S0, Captain
F. A. Kuhls 429. J. C. Waller 22SS, A. Rah
wyler 1100. C. Hlnterman 1146, F. A. Schrumpf
407, E. Englander 203. Ms Blasse 1031. C. Peach
654, H. Enge 3S5. T. C. Carroll 959, A. Bertlesen
1455, J. Horstman 868, O. Ludewig 1043, H. C.
Hagerup 1059, C. Meyer 205. C. M. Henderson
547. W. Ehrenpfort 990, P. Jacoby 1138, E.
Meyerhofer (cadet) 1650, H. Becker (cadet) 1S57.
F. Reide 669, O. Breraer 1265. K. D. Smith 1635,
A. Utschig 2317, G. Ritschmuller Jr. 2320, C.
Dahlbender 1873, J. Staub 1308. A. Hampel 2287.
M. Reubold 1149, F. Suter 1595, C. Gut 1312.
Captain F. Attinger 1S67. D. B. Faktor 625.
In the San Francisco Junior Schuetzen
Section there was no medal shoot. The
winners in the bullseye shoot were as fol
lows:
J. Straub 402, L. Brune 408. A. Utschig 702,
F. Kommer 1084, C. Peach 1088, F. Klatzl 1224
Captain Attinger 1238, O. Burmeister 1410 C.
Sagehorn 1739, H. Enge 1745, P. Schumpf 2065.
Drum Corps— F. Kruchel 346, B. Jonas 1417.
In the Verein Eintracht Schuetzen Sec
tion the following scores were made in
the medal shoot:
Champion class— E. RIemenschnieder 3S4.
First class— C. von Hartwig 338. Second class
— O. Auer 332. Third class— F. Eggerllng 247.
First best shot— C. von Hartwig 23. Last best
shot — Captain Kuhls 23. Bullseye shoot — F. Eg
gerling 451; C. von Hartwig 645, Dr. Eichler 760,
O. Thiele 1011, A. Stroh 1267. Captain KuhU 1271
L Schmidt 1683, it. Dieckert 1775, L. Schelb
206S, C. Luehrstedt 2534, C. Auer 2635, H.
Schweijer 2792, E. Reimenschneider 3056.
In the San Francisco Grutli Section
there were two shoots, resulting: as fol
lows:
Bullseye shoot— O. Imdorf, T. Limmer, F.
Baumgarten. A. von Wyl. C. Gut. A. Hinter
mann, J. Furrer. A. Studer. J. Brugger. Medal
shoot, champion class — A. Gehret 453. First
class — August Studer 392. Second class — T.
Brugger 369. Third class— O. Imdorf 327. Last
best shot— A. Gehret 22. Adam Brehm medal
won by A; Studer. Gllnderman medal won by
A. von Wyl.
The class singles tournament held on
the California Club courts yesterday was
a record breaker, being by far the largest
held in many years. Thirty-four men en
tered and there was not a default. The
contestants were divided into five classes
and the following men were successful in
their various classes: Championship class,
R. N. AVhitney; first class. Fred Brown;
second class. Frank Stringham; third
class, Charles Kuehn. and fourth class, G.
N. Armsbr.
In the championship class George and
"Bob" Whitney had a hot argument for
two sets, until the former unfortunately
stepped on a ball and turned his ankle.
The match went to "Bob," the scora
being 5-7, 6-3 (George withdrew).
With Grant Smitn out of the tourna
ment the first class looked to be easy for
Collier, but he went down in the finals
before Fred Brown, the University of Cal
ifornia man, who played a fine game.
The tournament committee made a mis
take when tiiey put young Graham in the
second class instead of the third. He hus
had no experience, and although he made
a good showing, he should have been a
class lower. In the second class Cornell
was a strong favorite, but Frank String
ham the class winner, beat him handhy
jn the first round. Young Smith put up a
good game but Stringham, outplayed him
in the finals.
With Graham in the class above. Charles
Kuehn had little difficulty in winning the
third class. He beat Richard Erskine two
straight aces in the finals.
The fourth class was composed of
novices. G. M. Armsby, who has been im
proving rapidly, had little difficulty in,
winning it. His opponent in the finals was
B. G. Wood, whom he beat easily.
The matches in the different classes re
sulted as follows:
Championship— R. N. Whitney beat G. F.
Whitney 5-7. ti-3 (withdrew).
First class— Preliminary round, H. W. Crowell
beat S. H. Adams 6-3, 2-6, 6-1; first round, W.
B. Collier beat Crowell 3-6, 6-3, 6-0; Fred Brown
beat Merle Johnson 4-6. 6-1, 6-4; finals. Brow a
beat Collier 3-6. 6-3, 6-2.
Second class — F. D. Stringham beat R. B.
Cornell 6-2, 7-5; first round, J. A. Code beat Dr.
Lane 7-5, 6-3; Stringham beat Paul Jones 6-t,
6-4; C. Smith beat Sidney Salisbury 6-4. 6-3; O.
C. Pratt beat Gornam 8-6, 7-5; second round.
Stringham beat Code 6-1. 6-4; Smith beat Pratt
6-1. 6-2; finals, Stringham beat Smith. 6-3, 6-3.
Third class— First round, R. Erskine beat J.
Gibson 4-6. 6-4. 6-3; G. Whipple beat P. Wil
liams 6-2. 6-4; B. Trobock beat H. Schmidt 6-1.
6-2; C. Kuehn beat J. Prumett S-3, 7-5; second
round, Erskine beat Whipple 6-2. 2-6, 6-2; Kuehn
beat Troboclt 6-2. 6-4; finals. Kuehn beat Ers
kine 6-3. 6-3.
Fourth class— Preliminary round. M. Cerf beat
E. R. Armsby 6-4. 3-7, 6-1; B. G. Wood beat
B. Wallace 6-1. 6-3: first round. G. N. Armsby
beat B. Golcher 6-0. 6-0: A. Worth'ngton beat
Cerf 6-4, 6-0; Wood beat C. Eeal 6-3. 6-4: F.
Hooper beat A. Kenyon 4-6, 6-1, 6-4; second
round. Armsby beat Worthington 6-4, 6-0; "Wood
beat Hooper 6-4. 6-2; finals, Armsby beat Wood
6-2. 6-1.
As a result of the tournament Frank
Stringham will be advanced to the first
class, G. N. Armsby to the third, and
Gorham will go back to the third. Each
of the class winners received a cup.
The class winners will play next Sunday
for first prize. The drawing- and handi
caps are as follows: Brown, first class, a
bye; R. N. Whitney, championship clasa.
will give G. N. Armsby, fourth class, odds
of "half forty"; F. D. Stringham. second
class, will give Charles Kuehn. third
class, odds of "fifteen."
Another Record for Flanagan.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 James Flanagan.
the champion hammer thrower, in his ef
forts for championship honors at the track
and field games of the Greater New York
Irish Athletic Association to-day made
a new world's record by throwing the
56-pound weight a distance of 36 feet OY?
inches. The best previous record was 35
feet 10 Inches, held by J. S. Mitchell. By
winning this event Flanagan now holds
all weight records with one exception,
throwing the 56-pound weight for height.
a task at which Mitchell seems to he cap
able of beating any other aspirant for
championship honors.
TWO GREYHOUNDS WHICH DIVIDE FIRST AND SECOND PRIZES AND A THIRD WHICH WAS UNFORTUNATE IN YESTERDAY'S TRIAL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLi MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1901.
BEACON AND RECTOR DIVIDE JOHN GRACE CUP STAKE
6
'iff/ * l J Pi \A/ HEN , bu y' in £ a shot ?un don't throw away money
filfiCT"^ 1 0 -~ t vfA 1 s P enc * in £ $' 50 to 1500 when for very much
Wjfi r/^xtOsk. T?T-« PT7 A TTrVV* ~ CTJVVT* /"•TTR.t
W^ j§£( JUjI whicJl w ill outshoot any other shot pun on th a ma-k a t
L. 4SEp> <^ii?? /? tt " what U costs - The Winchester Repeating
S|!j^|gjj|£/^pi|-| snot bun is now made in " Take Down " style in 12 and
16 £auge. It combines rapidity, reliability and st-or. nr \u25a0
WSU:-J!35&^=U\ r^°i ing q ual , itie s with a rrice within reach of every-
||pppa|||3gj[fe^j body's pocketbook. For sale by dealers everywhere.
l|||ggi5Bg5i^j^g1 WEE— Send name and address on postal card for 164-page catalogue
WjgSgggg^l WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., BSfifififf'Frank* H. McCormick, General Freight Agent of- the Chi
cago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company, With
Headquarters in San Francisco, Dies After Long Illness
RAILROAD MAN SUCCUMBS
TO AFFECTION OF HEART
FRANK H. McCORMICK, FOR TEARS FREIGHT AGENT OF THE CHI
' CAGO, ROCK ISLAND AND PACIFIC RAILWAY, WHO DIED AT HIS
RESIDENCE IN ALAMEDA SATURDAY EVENING.
BERLIN. Oct. 20.— The current issue ot
Simplicissimus, the comic paper, was con
fiscated yesterday at Breslau for an of
fensive cartoon directed against Emperor
William.
Issue of German Paper Confiscated.
In a close football game, exciting for
both participants and spectators, the
Phoenix Athletic Club eleven defeated
the Hammond Athletic Club team by a
score of 5 to 0 s.t the Sixteenth and Fot
som streets grounds. The teams were of
about the same weight and evenly
matched, but the winners were a trifle
quicker and more snappy in their play.
The only scoring- was done in the early
part of the first half when the Phoenix,
after bucking for about fifty yards, final
ly sent Packacher. the fullback, over the
line for a touchdown. Deane failed to
kick goal. Phoenix won by consistent,
steady team work and ability to hold
their opponent3 at critical times. Both
teams were weak on defensive work.
Deane and Holling played the best gama
for the winners. The teams lined up a3
follows :
Phoenix. Positions. Hammonds.
Huguenin Lr— End— R L»man
Jacobs L— Tackle— R..Bekeart (rapt)
Deane (capt) L— Guard— R Sullivan
Bennett Center Fin In
Reardon R — Guard— ti Keeler
Munch I
M. SchmldtJ R— Tackle— !• Waldflsh
Klevesahl R— End-L Littleton,
Junker Quarter Avi3
Holling R— Halfback— I, Zlaka
Id. A. Schmidt I*— Halfback— R 5 More-*
?Hull
Packscher Fullback Sullivan
Time of halves. 20 and 25 minutes. Umpire,
Loui3 Dorr; referee. G. Helen.
Phoenix Club Eleven Wins.
The trials about to begin are to be ex
haustive, for not only will the guns ba
tested for rapidity of fire and accuracy,
but at the conclusion of these tests tha
most promising weapons will be taken to
Fort RHey. Kansas, and placed In the
hands of artillerymen there for further
test. This last trial is to be had because
experience in the field has shown that
many weapons that have functioned per
fectly on the well-appointed testing
grounds are unable to stand the trial ot
actual service. The fortifications board
will hold another meeting here on tha
31st instant.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— The fortifica
tions board at its meeting- just ended at
Sandy Hook witnessed the preparations
making: for the approaching trial of field
guns tor the artillery. Several such guns
were already on the grounds and were un
dergoing private tests preliminary to thu
official trials which will begin next week
and probably last three weeks. The Lewis
gun, currently reported to be an improved
model of \u25a0 the French field eun. was one
of the most noteworthy pieces on the field.
Owing to the omission of the mechanics
to change the oil cylinders it appeared at
first that this gun was a failure. How
ever, the omission being discovered, tha
ensuing tests were attended with such re
markable success that the board felt war
ranted in predicting that it would prove a
formidable competitor for the first place
In the competition, the result of which will
be to supply the United States artillery
arm with a new modern gun. Another
weapon of the rapid-firing- type whtch has
attracted the attention of the board was
the new German field gun.
Rapidity of Fire and Accuracy
the Main Points to Be
Considered.
Official Testa to Begin
Next Week at Sandy
Hook Grounds. K>
PRIVATELY TRY
NEW FIELD GUNS
The increasing tendency of American
producers to combine for the maintenance
of values is regarded as a very serious
factor, seeing the apparent impossibility
of obtaining substitutes for the American
staple in anything like sufficient quanti
ties to free the world from the domination
of the Southern States of the American
Union. I
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The shortage in cot
ton at Liverpool is becoming serious.
There are only a few cargoes on the way
and supplies for a fortnight on hand. It
is almost inevitable that a part of tfie
machinery will be stopped and that there
will be a repetition of the famine of a
year ago. with possibly a strained situa
tion lasting even longer than on that oc
casion.
SHORTAGE OF COTTON
NOW BECOMING SEHJOUS
Augusta de Forrest Dead.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Augusta de. For
rest, a well known actress, who played
leading roles with Alexander Salvinl, John
McCullough and Edwin. Booth, died to
day at her home in this city.
Papal Nuncio at Munich. Honored.
BERLIN, Oct. 20.— Baron von Crails
heim, the Bavarian Premier, has present
to Mgr. .Sambucetti, the Papal Nuncio at
Munich, the Insignia of the Grand Cross
of the Order of the Bavarian Crown. * -
MEXICO flTT. Oct. 20.— Embassador
Clayton, acting under instructions from
the State Department at Washington, has
been investigating the case of W. N.
Mealey, an American mining man under
arrest at Monterey. While the Embassa
dor was working to secure Mealey's re
lease under bail, news came that he had
been released, but was rearrested • on
charges of robbery and perjury. The Em
bassador does not yet know the basis, of
the charges. Mealey's case has been In
the courts more or less for several years.
As the result of the present litigation,
the arrest of Mealey came about In con
nection with mining cases, and the point
is made that an American permanently
residing in Mexico never intending to re
turn to the United States, paying no
taxes there and performing none of j the
duties of a. citizen, loses his standing with
the Mexican Government. If this prin
ciple were made operative, it would af
fpet many Jong-time American residents
of this country. Mealey, it is alleged,
had made M-exico his permanent home.
of His Arrest.
Embassador Clayton Instructed to
Hake Investigation Into Cause
NT. A "LEY'S CASE IS TAKEN
UP BY STATE DEPARTMENT
LA CROSSE, Wis.. Oct. 20.— Late this
afternoon fire was discovered in the hay
lands which surround this city. The
flames are now burning everything before
them and the firemen are powerless, ow
ing to the fire being outside the city lim
its and beyond water service. It i3 be
lieved the fire was started by tramps.
Upon these lands are stacked thousands
of tons of hay. Although the loss can
not be estimated at present, it is thought
it will be large.
DETROIT. Oct. 20.— The passenger
steamer City of Cleveland of the Detroit
and Cleveland line struck a rock about S
o'clock this morning, during a heavy fog,
lust east of Ballards Reef, and stove a
large hole in her bottom amidships.
The water rushed in with great force
and the steamer gradually filled until she
rested on the bottom, with, however, her
main deck still above water. The shock
was so slight that none of the forty pas
sengers who were asleep in their berths
awakened and there was no alarm.
It is impossible at present to estimate
the damage done to the vessel.
Fire Destroys Tons cf Kay.
STEAMEB, BUNS AGROUND
DURING A HEAVY FOG
Secretary E. H. Benjamin of the asso
ciation opened up headquarters at the
Palace, and as fast as the delegates ar
rived they were received by him and reg
istered. Placer County wfll send down
80 delegates, Shasta 100, Nevada 50. Cala
veras 44, Amador 27, Sierra 21. Tuolumne
10 and Alameda 20, while the remaining
mining counties v.'ill send smaller delega
tions. \u25a0';.. ,
Some of the delegates to the California
Miners' Association Convention, which
will begin to-day at Golden Gate Hall,
arrived .yesterday from various interior
points and registered at the downtown ho
tels. The bulk oX the delegates, how
ever, will arrive this morning and it is ex
pected that 500 will be represented at the
convention.
Secretary Benjamin of the Associa
• tion Opens Up Headquarters
at the Palace.
DELEGATES TO MINERS'
CONVENTION AP.BIVING
Congressman Julius Kahn, who recently
returned from an extended tour of the
Philippine Islands, has presented the
Press Club of San Francisco with a num
ber of valuable curios from the islanda.
They include a commission in the Filipino
army signed by President Emilio Agui
naldo and attested by the Filipino Secre
tary of War. B. Aguinaldo, a cousin of
the President; a *iiipino sleeping mat
from the island of Cebu; a Spanish cav
alry saber that was picked up at the bat
tle of the Maraquina River by an Ameri
can commissary sergeant; a native guitar,
the body of which is made of half a co
coanut shell, and a Moro flag, the ensign
of the Sultan of Jolo. On the flag there
are five stars, representing the five prin
cipal tenets of the Mohammedan religion,
and the crossed figures of a krls and a
spear, the weapons with which the Moros
defend their faith.
ed With Some Interesting: Curios
From the Philippines.
Bohemian Organization Is Present-
CONGRESSMAN KAHN'S
GIFT TO PRESS CLUB
LOVE FOR ARMY SERVICE
LEADS TO A STJICIDE
SALT LAKE, Oct. 30.— Grief over sepa
ration from army life, with which he had
been associated for forty years and to
which he was greatly attached, is believed
to have been the direct cause of the sui
cide at Fort Douglas last night of Aug
ust Lange, ordnance sergeant. Lange
was to have been retired within a few
days and rather than re-enter civil life
he hanged himself in one of the buildings
at the fort.
• Lange was 61 years of age. He enlisted
at the outbreak of the Civil War. parti
cipating in many of its historic battles,
nnd was wounded during the battle of
Spottsylvania. In later years he took
part ' in numerous campaigns against
Western Indians and for the past fifteen
years has been ordnance sergeant at Fort
Douglas. He leaves . a widow and two
grown daughters, who reside in this cit:/.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. — Colonel
Charles James, a. prominent figure in
Washington and a man of varied attain
ments, died at his residence here to-day,
aged 84 years. He became a Republican
in 1851 and was an influential member of
the convention that nominated Fremont
for the Presidency.
When Lincoln was elected President l.'e
appointed Colonel James Collector of. Cus
toms at Sun Francisco. He was service
able in having admitted to the United
States free of duty, the celebrated Ascot
cup won in England by James R. Keen&'s
horse Foxhall, in 1SS4, after it had been
ordered sold by the Government. Colonel
James was chosen by Anson Burlingame
to be his second In the prospective duel
with Brooks and started <with his principal
for Niagara Falls, but Brooks failed to
appear. Colonel James was a poetic writ
er of some ability.
Eemise of Colonel James, at One Time
Collector of Customs at
This Port.
F0BMEH SAH" FRANCISCAN
DIES AT WASHINGTON
The Orpheum starts the new week with
new attractions that are ace-high in the
vaudeville world and the holdovers are
Fuch entertaining turns that the bill as a
whole is entirely satisfactory to the pa
trons cf the house. From the beginning
to end there Is not an. entertainer on the |
rrograme that on© would wish elimi
nated.
John Geiger, a trick violinist, is one of
the new attractions. His imitations are
realistic and v.-ithal he handles the violin.
with an assurance that convinces his au
dience that he is a real musician in spite
of the claptrap to which vaudeville has
led him.
The Beau and Belles octette is a fetch
ing combination, following- rather too
closely the "Florodora" idea. However, it
is a pleasing variation from the three
people skits of the circuit and is good for
a week of great popularity.
Mignonette Kokln, "chanteuse and
danseuse eccentrique," with parenthetical
nether limbs and a Repetti nose, won the
favor cf the audience last night with her
oifcver imitations of English comedians
and singers and her graceful toe dancing.
Francis Le Page does a turn of genteel
DgH!ty that wlni favor. He is styled a
"novelty pole jumper," probably because
his pole vault is the most ordinary thing
he does.
The KeatoruF. Monroe, Mack and Law
rence; the De Courcy brothers and
Tommy Baker are a bunch of holdovers
that the patrons of vaudeville like.
• • •
"A Female Drummer" Is a vehicle
through which Johnstone Bennett dis
plays her male impersonations at the Cali
fornia this week. While Miss Bennett has
been more fortunate in some other plays,
the one in which she Is now starring
eerves to give herself and several per
formers an opportunity to present a
number of clever specialties. Principal
among these is an imperial quartet,
vhich Is much better than the average
colored Quartet. They sing- coon songs
melodiously and their by-play is graceful
and effective. Among the other members
cf the company who achieve distinction
are Harry Ladc-il as "Buttons." whose an
tics are funny In the extreme, and David
de WoJfe as the Floorwalker. Miss Ben
nett repeats her former success ano the
piece ought to have a good week's run.
• • •
"The Girl in the Barracks" crowded the
Alcazar Theater last night. Its mirth-pro
voking situations seem to strike the pulse
cf the Aicazar patrons and the manage
ment has decided to continue this play
for another week.
• * \ " * '. \u25a0
"Wife for Wife" paw Its last perform
ance at the Central Theater last night be
fore a large audience. This week the
tuirrins melodrama. "Cotton Kins." will
be p'resented In elaborate style.
•-\u25a0"\u25a0. ". * *
Popular night at the Alhambra Theater.
' with the Italian Band in its farewell per
formance, was successful In every partic
ular. The programme showed the versa
tility of the leaders and the number of
< ncores attested the appreciation of the
cudic-r.ee.
At the Tivoli la*t night "Ernani" was
cp!endidiy produced. Avedano. the tenor, '
The accident occurred shortly before
midnight. Gonzales was handling the elec
tric motor, which was hauling a string of
loaded cars from a drift in the tunnel to
the shaft by which the coal was to be
taken to the surface. The last car of his
train, for some unexplained cause, left
the track, bumping up against the tim
bering and throwing the other cars in a
heap on top of the engineer's motor. Gon
zales was caught and jammed in the
wreck, the huge timbers catching him
above and the heavy cars below.
The dead miner was 24 years of age and
a native of Llvermore. He was considered
a careful and competent workman.
In an accident last night on one of the
lower levels at the Tesla coal mines Pat
rick Gonzales, a motor engineer, was so
badly crushed that his injuries caused
death shortly after the accident occurred.
Gcnzales was pinioned between a lot of
coal cars that had piled up on the tracks
and the heavy timbering in the tunnel
where he was operating the train. Be
fore assistance could reach him the in
jured miner was dying, and death fol
lowed before his mangled form had been
taken to the surface.
Oakland r~tr iCe San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 20.
Orpheum Bill Is Replete
With Entertaining
Numbers.
Coal ' Train Is Derailed,
Fatally Crushing an
Engineer.
George H. Hawes. stenographer for W.
R. Hewitt, chief of the Department of
Electricity/ was found dead in his room
in his mother's residence. 552 O'Farrell
street, yesterday morning. The gas from
a jet in his room was partly turned on,
and it is supposed from the fact that he
was in the habit of keeping the light
partly turned on, it had by some means
been extinguished.
Hawes was a liative cf Massachusetts,
51 vears of age. For the last two or three
weeks he had been suffering from ner
vous prostration, being unable to sleep at
night. Dr. E. R. Bryant had been pre
scribing for him. Ernest A. Llott, a
stenographer, who rooms in the house,
went into Hawes 1 room yesterday morn
ing and was shocked to discover his friend
dead in bed. Hawes was unmarried. His
mother and sister were prostrated with
grief when they were informed of his
unexpected death.
The Coroner's office was notified, but it
was decided not to take the body to the
Morgue.
Was Found Dead in His Bedroom
With the Gasjet Partly
Turned On.
STENOGRAPHER HAWES
A VICTIM OF DEADLY GAS
Captain George James of the Olympic
Club headed a party of thirty-five mem
bers yesterday which tramped over a
distance of nearly twenty miles in Marin
County. The start was made from Mill
Valley at 9 a. m. The route led to the
Summit House, over rough country by
way of Rock Springs. Twelve miles were
covered in four hours. Luncheon was
enjoyed at Summit. The party then con
tinued on to Fairfax, by way of Liberty.
Among the first to finish were H. W.
Gallett, R. F. McLeod, L. Starr and H.
Stein. George James led the second
bunch, in which were George Sullivan,
R. P. Barnard. Walter Gainman, George
Croll, V. A. O'Neill, H. L. Clapp, Guy
Ransome, John Horrigan, A. Smith,
Frank Adams, Fred Butz, W. Green, R.
A. Stone, Emile Gaugh, T. J. Gaugh, W.
Rodius and H. Henn.
The match games of handball played at
the Olympic Club yesterday resulted as
follows:
Kennedy : 10 21 21 4 10
Curley 21 15 11 21 21
Sullivan-Russ ...21 17 21 17 12
McElroy-Powers 19 21 17. 21 21
Thirty Members Cover Nearly Twen
ty Miles Over Rough Country
in Marin County.
The fair of the Holy Redeemer parish
still retains its popularity. Each night
sees the hall at the corner of Eighteenth
and Devisadero streets, where the bazaar
is being held, crowded to its utmost ca
pacity. Especially was this so Saturday
night, when standing room could scarcely
be obtained. All those who have attend
ed the fair have expressed themselves as
being delighted with the beautiful deco
rations which cover the walls and hang
from the ceiling of the hall. The colors
have been most artistically blended.
To-night Eugene Sehmitz, who is a can
didate for Mayor on the Labor party
ticket, is expected to visit the bazaar. On
the following evening "a night at home"
v.'ill be given by the presentation booth.
The young ladies in charge of this booth
have arranged an excellent programme.
They have spared no efforts to secure the
highest class talent.
Ladies of Presentation Booth Will
Give p.n Entertaining "Night
at Home."
ATTRACTIVE DECORATIONS
AT REDEEMER PAtRISBC FAIB
OLYMPIC CLUB ATHLETES
TN CROSS-COUNTRY RUN
ALAMEDA, Oct. 20.— Frank H. Mc-
Cormick, general freight agent of
the Chicago, Rock Island and Pa
cific Railroad Company at San
Francisco, died at his home in
this city, 1803 Central avenue, last night:
Death was due to a complication of dis
eases which affected the heart. Deceased
•was a native of Ohio, aged 54 years. He
came to California when but a boy of 13
and had been a resident of this city since
1883.
Few men were better known or liked In
railroad business circles in San Fran
cisco than Frank H. McCormick. He was
a man of splendid physique, handsome
features and habitually affable. In civic
affairs he % took a constant interest and
was one of the members t of the Board
of Freeholders, two years' ago. It was
Deceased is survived by a wife and two
children, Ralph W. McCormick and Miss
Grace McCormick. Funeral services will
be held at the family residence on Tues
day at 10:30 a. m. The remains will be
incinerated at Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
San Francisco.
about that time that Mr. McCormick's
health began to fall, and, acting on the
advice of his physician, he made a voy
age to the Sandwich Islands. He returned
somewhat improved, but his ailment soon
reasserted Itself and the sufferer failed
rapidly.
NEW FEATURES
IN VAUDEVILLE
Flashlight Causes Panic.
The tragedian dropped his sword and
ran: the heroine burst the fancy wrought
bars of an imaginary dungeon and dived
behind the scenes: the orchestra dropped
its instruments of torture and sought
shelter with the heroine, while the stage
manager looked around in blank amaze
ment and inquired "What for?"
President Ervrin and his squad took pos-
day went snapping and blinking all
over the city was again in the field. The
crowds at the park and beach were photo
graphed and a complete record was made
cf the shipping in the bay.
The Chinatown squad, consitlng of Pres
ident J. W. Erwin. W. W. Reed, F. G.
Bangs and Carl E. Ackerman, did some
very successful work in the Oriental quar
ter. Guided by a Chinese interpreter they
invaded joss houses, opium dens and gam
bling establishments.' They got several
characteristic street scenes and some ex
cellent pictures of the Chinese Theater.
The visit of the Camera Club to the lat
ter place will not soon be forgotten in the
quarter. Nearly half a pound of flashlight
powder was used for the first picture,
which was taken from the front of the
house, facing the stage. The theater was
crowded before the shot was fired, but be
fore the smoke was cleared away the
white devils and their picture engine had
the place to themselves.
s==-HE Camera Club yesterday ccm-
I pleted its self-appointed task of
\ photographing San Francisco. The
J| battery of cameras that on Satur-
will make his bow to-night in "Norma,"
which will alternate with "La Boheme"
for the rest of the week.
Appropriating scenery for a high-pur
posed institution like the Camera Club is
not all smooth sailing.
Janitors and watchmen in charge of
some of the big buildings were in some
cases insurmountable obstacles in the way
of securing pictures. One amateur, pre-
These pictures, all taken on the same
day and with a systematic regard for
completeness, tell an interesting story of
the trade of the port and give a better idea
of the harbor, and water front of San
Francisco than -it would be possible to
convey in any other manner.
Troubles Beset Amateurs.
session of the empty stage and a fev/
minutes later, when a crowd of excited
Chinese poured into the theater to inves
tigate the "Melican flirework blox," they
secured another flashlight, which will be
developed to-day with special care, as
they believe they have secured something
unique.
A special detachment of snap-sTiottisls
spent yesterday with the Fire Department
and secured some good pictures illustrat
ing this branch of municipal equipment in
active service. Several flashlight pictures
were also taken showing- the firemen turn
ing out of their beds in response to an
alarm.
The Harbor Commissioners placed the
fire tug Governor Irwin at the disposal of
the club, and President Erwin, with H. B.
Hosmer, Henry Kenitzer and A. L.
Coombs, spent the day around the bay.
Working in connection with a land force,
which devoted > its attention to the
\u25a0wharves, the party on the Governor Ir
win secured a set of pictures of peculiar
value.
WRECK IN MINE
BRINGS DEATH
Another of the club's force got into quite
a serious mix-up in the Latin quarter.
Anxious to get a picture of the operation
of winemaking, n.pw in full swine: in Xiittle
Italy, he secured permission to enter one
of the numerous basements in which the
grape juice is transformed into the "red
paint" of Bohemia. Without giving any
warning he took a flashlight picture. He
was instantly attacked and his camera
taken away from* him. He was then
forcibly ejected. He recovered his camera
later, but not until somebody with a
knowledge of photography had exposed all
his plates to the light.
Taking the amateur photographer by the
arm the janitor led him, not too gently,
to the street^ As the bewildered Camera
Club man walked away he overheard the
janitor mutter:
"It '11 be a cowld day whin the likes of
him can tell the likes of me that Tiddy
Rusenfilt has a mug like that. I'll 'our
prisident' the nixt Orangeman that thries
that game wid me."
Knows Only One President.
"Ye dirty .blackguard. Now be off wid
ye! Be off wid ye! I might have let ye
take the picture. Maybe ye'd have bin
able to sell some to the old man. But
whin ye lie to me — be off, now."
vented by a burly child of Erin from pho
tographing an interior, exhibited his offi
cial badge. This badge consists of a yel
low ribbon on which is mounted a button
bearing the picture of J. W. Erwin. Un
derneath the picture are the words "Our
president." ~
The janitor looked at the picture long
and carefully. He spelled out the inscrip
tion.
ONE OF THE PICTURESQUE SNAPSHOTS TAKEN ALONG THE WATER FRONT BY THE CAMERA CLUB IN
ITS SELF-APPOINTED TASK OF PHOTOGRAPHING SAN FRANCISCO. THE BATTERY OF CAMERAS WAS
AGAIN IN ACTION ALL DAY YESTERDAY.
"Family life is the basis of social order
and individual happiness. But those who
plead for more liberal marriage terms are
not lax or immoral. The majority of them
are not men, but women. Such laws are
principally favorable to women and they
make another step toward the emancipa
tion of women. It is a move toward
greater economic independence. Women
must be able to earn a living outside law
ful or unlawful sex relations. Marriage
is no longer the only way-by which they
can obtain support.
"If the-'Bishops "seriously wish to pre
serve the family, you and I could easily
tell them what to do. They are men of
wide influence and spotless lives— yes; but
let each of them become a total abstainer
and constantly preach total abstinence. I
think in that way more could be done to
preserve the family than by any legisla
tion with regard to marriage laws."
Emancipation of Women.
"The truth seems to be that the House
of Bishops is getting to represent reac
tionary conservatism. In the matter of
divorce, of the freer use of church ser
vice, of the extension of Episcopal care
to congregations whose clergymen had
not been ordained by the Bishops, the
upper house took an ultra conservative
position. The medieval view of marriage
which the Bishops wished to make the
law of the church would have been fas
tened on us but for such strong voices
raised in protest as those of Dr. Hunting
ton and Dr. Greer. The upper and lower
houses are pulling more and more apart.
"In the matter of divorce the House of
Bishops came perilously near putting
itself in a most unenviable position. It is
not a function of religion or of the church
to mend moral matters by legislation. Re
ligious teaching- exhorts, illustrates, but
does not force. Any effort to use force
becomes absurd when it is remembered
that Protestantism has no means of en
forcing its laws. But that is Just the glory
of Protestantism. It uses neither force
nor fear.
Two Houses Drifting Apart.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Rev. Percy B.
Grant, preaching to-day in the Church of
the Ascension, was outspoken in his criti
cism of the doings of the recent triennial
convention of the ' Protestant Episcopal
church, and especially of the attitude of
the Hous"e of Bishops toward the more
important questions before the conven
tion. Having- paid a strong tribute to the
men comprising the lower house. Mr.
Grant turned his attention to the House
of Bishops, which he said had plenty and
to spare of natural ability. .
"The House of Bishops," he said, "is a
conservative body. A newspaper the
other day said that the church itself was
conservative, and that being so it sus
tained its own conservatism by doing
nothing. The triennial convention can
hardly v.-ith advantage to the church
travel 3000 miles to ban Francisco and
then S000 miles back again without hav
ing done anything at all. And the con
vention now concluded did nothing.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Gulf Is Gradually Widening Between
the Upper and iLower Bodies
That Govern the ;
Cnurch. ,\u25a0'. • • . '
Says the Late Episcopal Con
vention Accomplished
\u25a0' Nothing.
Rev. Percy S. Grant De
clares It Is Too Oon
. servative.
Flashlight in Mongolian Theater Causes Panic Among Actors and
I Audience, but President Erwin and Squad Secure Good
Pictures and Are Weil Satisfied With Night in Chinatown
CRITICIZES
THE HOUSE
OF BISHOPS
CAMERA CLUB COMPLETES TASK
AND HAS WHOLE CITY ON PLATES
iilii. aAIS ITKAJSWbCU CALL, JM.UJNJJAY, UUTOJBEK 21, 1901.
7
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* lenvct »u<l »r« iln« to arrive at
NAN Fll.4N(!IKi:O. ,
(Main Line, Foot ot Market Street) v - /
leavk — Fr.ou October 6. 1901. — areiti
7:OOa Beuids, Suisuu, Elmln and Sacr*.
luento 6:S-1p
TjOOa VaciTilla, Wloter*. Humsey 7i33r
? sUu A Martinez, S*u Uninou, Vallejo. Nap*,
CuUsttiga Mid Santa itosa/. 6:25p
8:O»A DftTis, Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysTille. Ororille.. 7:33p
»:OOa Atlantic Express— Ogden and East 1 2:25 p
8:<><>a Xiles. Lathrop. Stockton ~:25r
S:i>Oa Nilea, Meudota, Hanford. Visalia,
Poitsrrille 4s35p
8:SOa Shasta Expresd— DaTis, Williams (tor
Bartlatt Springs), Willows, Bed
Bluff, Portland. : 7s53p
• i'IOa San .lose. Lirermore, Stockton,
Ioue, Hacrameuto. Placerrille.
MwrymlllK, Cbicu, lteil Hluff 4:2.1r
RiSOA Oikdale, Chinese, Sonora, Carters... 4:23p
»:OOa Hayward. Miles and Way Btatlotii.. • ltMv
OsOO a. Vallejo 18:23*
UtOO a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Latiirop. Stock tou, Merced
Fresno »ud Los Acjce'.es 7:83?
»:KOA Vallejo, Martiuez ami Way Station! 7:.13r
IOsUOa The Overland Limited— Ogden, ren-
ter, Omaha, Chicagn 6:S5p
4t:POp Saersinontii iilror8ie*uier* t5:00A
8:3»r Haywnrd. Miles and Way .Station*.. 7:35p
liOdr IJculoia. Winters, 8acr»nie«l»o,
WoiM'.lnnil, KuiKhts l.andlne.
MnrysTllIc, Orotlllo I0:S* A
4iOOp Martinez, Nun JUnion, \u25a0 Vall»jo,
Nnj>». «!*llnt(>KA. **»«»» K«"» •»«»!*»
4r00p Kllen, Livermore, Stockton. Lodi... I2i33p
4>:i»r Hiyirard, Mien, Kan. lime, Llrtrmore \u2666Sj-'V.'Ja
4i»(»p Port Cos a. Tracy, Latiirop, Stockton i«x25a
•:«»r Ilio Otrl Limited— F»-« TuUre.
lUlicrsKchl, Hai!S«s for Santa Uar-
bara, Los Angeles 8:53a
8:00p Martiu'z, Antloch, 8tockton, Mer-
oed.FrMDO 12:23*
B:3Or New Orleans Express— Meodota,
Fresco, B»kersfie<d, Los AnEolea, .
lXmin B . El raso, New Orleans
and Exst I S 3?*
SsOOr Ha/nurd, Kiles and 8au Jose 7:».>a
fS:Ottp Vullejo 11:2*4
«:O«ir Oriental Jlall-Ogilen. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12i25p
«:OOr Oriental Mcil— Ogden, Denrer,
St. Louis. OMc«go. «:23*
TsOOp Oregon aud California Ksvrtiim.fae-
.. ruinmitu. !Uiirjm?illt\ Ku<MiitK,
l'ortlan.l, Pitgot rtuiunT an.l Kail 8:35A
Mitt-irSan V»b!o, P.»rt Couta, Martinez
and Way Mtatlous I1: 2? A
}W;O.1r Vail-}.. -8.WP
COAST tilNK (Narrow <laii K e).
(Foot «it Market Street.)
»il»ANewark.<Juiiti;rTillr,.Saii.ln«e.Krlt.<«n,
JlonlderUriek.fSanlaCJriiXBmlVlay
Mtnlloi.fi a ' oi » r
13il.tr Newark, OenterTilltf, 8»n .lone, S"»
Alnuiien, Folttm, IJmiKler t-'reok,
8anU Cruz ana rrtneinal Way \u25a0
Stations 12 ! 5!f
*j|3r Newark, H»n .lose. Irf)« Gatos f»:3DA
«O.3Or Hunter*' Train— S»n Jt«e and Way
stations yr.aor
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS PRAKCISCO — »oa* of Mirktt Street (Slip 8>-
M-.16 »-00 ll-.OOi.U. 1:30 3:00 S:13r.««.
frtmOllUKD— Nol .'lusdw.j.— 16:110 +8:00 13:05
10.00 t.M. 12:33 2.03 i:S3r.«i. •
COAST IilNE (l!ro».l Utw).
(ThM :«»d Townseml Sta.)
tttlWA San Jose and Wi»y Htatious. V s -i« P
7-.«OA San Ja.a,,il \V»y SUII.mih A'ZIZ.
/7:««* New Alnmilni / *tlVT
WtOOAHaii .Iobo. Ticj l"inos. K»iita « rn»,
1'aoliic tfrbwr, halinss. tfsn Lnij
Ob'spo, Santa B»rb»r* ami Priu-
ci^l iutormn.:i»te Sk»li..n» - *«P
1O:»Oa Sau Jobc and Way Stations V,~?*l
1 1.3»A Sai. .»o»« »...! Wajr Mtatmi.s ........ »'-«»l-
-tSi'iAP San Slati-o. Kedwmol. »lenlr> raik,
Palo Alto. Santa Olara. gattJMt,
TreBPico?, H»nU Vint, bnllnas.
Mo...m«r*'"l P»tlBtnmw 1I 2 : ?.? 1 *
H.aop San .lose ami Way 8Utfoi»« « : "" A
f l:ISp S*.».T«ean.l fri-dpa! WaySUtUma »'«»
t.V:O»r »nn Jo»<-, Lcs Gitos and 1'rineipal
AVay Stations *H S ™
»:!JOp San .1 oio aniH'rincin*! W»r SUttoiis »:3OA
BiOOF Eetlwoid, i^au Josj. Gilmy. 8a.ios«,
HanU Iijrl»r». Los Angeles I? 2
all-.4.-,r ftmi J.iar »n.l Way Stations O-.ZOr
AforX>!oriiiiig. r for Afternoon,
t Sunrtay excepted. \u2666 jun da » oniy.
« Saturday only- »nd Frldajf^
HOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry • Arrive
Sati Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
W^k Sun- t!lir . M . trxil ,, t!V , Met . Sun- Week
9-30 A. fi:00 a. pj, - ntaniat Unn „ T *) 1-00 P. MS a.
• i 1:15 P. *r«-..^~*»w«-*r- ji-Jop.
Parr, Sea rraiKiw* to Summit ail Beftira, »". 90.
Ticket Ofico, Kl MARXST STaZET uA SAC6AUIO nULT.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SaataFe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depet.
' I^ocal Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 1O:1S a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p'
"Merced... 12:22 pftlTp 1:13 a 3:11 p
«• Fresno 2:Q5 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
'• -Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:C5 a
"Visalia... 3:40 p 4 MS a ........
"Bakrsflld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago ) 2:15 p 9:00 p
.a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a. . m. train is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair -Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. . No second-class
tickets 'are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:55 p. m. Tues-
day and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fres-
no • local. Corresponding train arrives at .
12:30 p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palacg and Tourist Sleepers an-1
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 3:55 p. m.
dally. :
. 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld , Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 3:40 a. m. daily,
. Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. ' .
SOBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausailta Fmrtf.
Commencing September 23 1301. -w'
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILt. VALLE?
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. *i:S0. 11:00 a. m..
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. '6:15. «:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley aad'San"
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:CO. *10:CO. *U:20 a. m.. »l:li
3:15. »4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25, 6:27. 7:13, 8:35, 10:15
a. m., *12:25, 2:13. *Z:Zo, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
ana Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »S:00, »10:00. Ul:43 a. m..
•J:40. •aas, 4:45. *6:30 p. m- '.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43, 6:45, 7:53, 8:53. 10:3i>
a. m.. 12:35, J:45. 3:50. 6:10 p. m.-
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:03, 10:C5 a. m., 12:05, 2:15. 3:33.
S:(K>, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. tn. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
ttstions.
Legal Holidays boats and trains will ma oa
Sunday time.
a Dr. Gibfton's Dispensary,
629 EEABKY ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of I'ri vatn
Diseases. Lost Mannood. Debility or
disc as" xvearlnfon body ami mind ami
Skin Diseasea. The Doctorcnres when
others fail. Try him. Charges low. '
llMrmnaruDtffd. Callorwrtt*
ttr. i, r. ttlBBOM. bau Francisco. Cat. \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*
. **.\u25a0•'-\u25a0
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORlWESTifiH EL Ca
LESSH3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF&
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ftrry. Fort •# Aorta* C5»
San Francisco to San Rafael.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:^8 ». m.; 12:33.
2:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. tn. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l&l
and .11:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
E:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:S>, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlp3 at l;i-3
snd 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:*), 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 2S, 1801. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I f Sun- I Wee*"
'Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:0O am Xovato. 10:40 am| 8:10 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. 6:^5 pmi 10:23 an
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:33 pmf 6:20 pni
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Gerserville,
8:30 pm S:C0am Cloverdale. 7:25 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pm I Hoptand 110:40 am!10:25 am
3:30 pm I 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:2;> pn\
7:20 am jl>)MO am 10:'.'5 am
S:00am GuernsrlUe. I 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:00 pm | 6:20 pm
7:30 am S:G0ani Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and j
5:10 pm 5:00 pin Glen Ellen. 6:0." pm! 6:23 pin
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:C0 pm| Sebastopo!. j 7:53 prr.f 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Bosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skasga Springs; at Cloverdaia
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncau
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. I^keport and Bartle:t
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley*a, BucknelTs.
Eanhedrin Heights. Huilvilie, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, West-,-
port. Usal, WHllts. Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. CHsen's. Dyer. Scot:*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Kafael at half rates.
Ticket office, KM Market street. Chronic!*
tulldlng.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. £ Gen. Pans Agt.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1901.
8
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets; open
Cntil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
Isorner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister etreet; open until 8:80 p. m.
$15 Larkin etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
kzntil 9 p. xn, *
106 Eleventh Etreet: open until • p. m.
1036 Valencia Bt; open until 9 r- *>_.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 9 p. m.
_ 2200 Fillmore etreet; open until 8 p. m.
BIEETIXG KOTICES.
_(_SYLCM of Oolden Gate Commandery —
litt 16, K- T-, €25 Sutter 6t— Stated "Baf"
Assembly THIS EVENING at 8 KjH
o'clock. Order of Temple. All f raters
are courteously invited.
H. D. LOVELAND, Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
&AN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal m
\u25a0Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING.
Business and M. M. degree. 7*J\
H. G. PRIKCE. Secretary. /NT >
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and m
A. M.-THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, -J\_
at 7:20 o'clock. Third degree. Master jK2c
Masons cordially invited. By order of / V >
the W. M.
WALTER G. AXDERSOy. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260, F. and •\u25a0
A. M. 1S39 Fillmore st— Third degree ,_#»_
THIS EVENING at 7:39 o'clock. \u25a0 >*L_K
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. /^T
_TKE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Calaveras Mining. Water
. anfl Power Company, In the Johnston and
| Ecott Hill mines, near San Andreas. Calaveras
! County, to deposit tailings In Willow Creek;
' from Charles Hilton. In the Calvaritas Hill ;
: , mine, at Calvarltas, Calaveras County, to de-
:: posit tailings In gulches draining into O'Neill
and Ean Antonio Creeks; and from Manuel
Leal and A. Rose, in the South Honcut mine.
: Ju Yuba County, near Bangor, to deposit tail-
ings in South Honcut Creek, gives notice that
i a meeting will be held in room B9, Flood
tiuilding. San Francisco, Cal., on October 28,
1901. at 1:20 p. m. '
iAXXUAL meeting — The . annual meeting of
Ftockholders of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany. S27 Market 6t, in the City and County
nf fan Francisco, State of California, on
,' WEDNESDAY, October 23, 1901. at the hour
\u25a0 of 11 o'clock a. m. for the purpose of ainend-
lr.s tectlon 2 of article II of the by-laws and
for the transaction of euch other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
\u25a0will close on Saturday. October 12. 1901. at 12
o'clock nooa. By order of the president
H. TV. THOMAS. Secretary.
AGENTS WAXTED.
JA.GENTS wanted— Life of McKinley, 500 pages:
best book: 100 ilustrations; outfit free; com-
plete book, ready for delivery. S. C. MIL-
LER & CO.. Portland, Or.
(CITY cr country quick seller; Leather Lustre;
sample 25c. Brown, room 9, 41 Third st.
OLOBE Portrait Co. removed to 1067 Market;
agents wanted; car, make $3 to $5 a day.
ADOPTION.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy in-
far.ts. Dr. Emille Funke.1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
ASPHALTl'M ROOFING.
$J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist; complete life
reading. 50c; by mail, 50c. 1163 Market st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
JTIEE advice— J. M. VERDEN'AL, attorney, 314
Montgomery st. — Divorces, private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected; documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought; money loaned; insurance 30c
on HOP. P. B. TBAVF.RS. evenings. 41SJJ Post.
£_DVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lections attachments ; mortgages; bills of 6ale:
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn; fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON, 100S^ Mkt., r. 4, opp. 5th.
JA.DVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick
quiet; no charge without success; collections.
wills deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. E50 Market st
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
X.. S." CLARK, Ernma Spreckels bldg., S27 Mar-
ket st; consultation free ; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
•GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, J5 up;
send lor bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL,
SOS Larkin Et
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
fiLADY with small child would furnish good
heme and care for little boy or girl at reason-
able compensation. Address box 1S20, Call.
liOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children: low terms. 1607 California st
BOOKS SEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS cf every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-71)6-703 Mission Bt.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUXKS of every description, at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. S25 Howard.
I1LSIXESS CHANCES.
A— $1233; BAKERY and restaurant: established
for years; doing a tirst-class paying business
Call R. G. W1L.KE, 2ti'/ 2 Kearny st.
A— SIS^O; BAKERY in Western Addition; estab-
liched _6 years; rent $45; 2 horses. 1 wagon;
most store trade; baking 3 barrels per day.
Particulars R. G. AVILKE. 26\j Kearny st. .
:X— J400; OOB-fXSB saloon on Mason st. ; rent
525; good business; must be sold at once;
owner accepted Government position. Call
R. G. TVILKE. 26^i Kearny st.
Ji.— $1000; COFFEE saloon and lunch room in
wholesale district; no rent; dally receipt*
from $'j5 to ?40; help expenses only {5 per dav
Call H. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
Jl— $300; DELICACY and pork store, with 3
living rooms; rent Hi; business established
years and clearing above 1100 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. _5'4 Keamy st.
A— J1000; LIQUOR store on Market et; estab-
lished many, years; doing a good paying busi-
ness; investigate and you will find a splendid
business offer. R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny.
iA — ?S00: COFFEE fialoon and restaurant on
Fourth st. near Market; rent 530; place does
a good paying business. Caii It. G. WILKE,
i6 ; S Keamy st.
WAREHOUSE business for sale at a bargain,
including iui!y equipped plant for grinding
arid cleaning grain; larga store accommoda-
tion: no competition: on R. R.; Alameda
County; price lor ail J2500. including large
lot; for sale on account of age ot" owner
H. H. CRANE. 508 California st.
FOR sale— Countrv hotel and bar at railroad
depot. Alampda County; completely furnished;
all Al condition: only hotel in town; Investl-
gate this. H. H. CKAXE. MS California st.
J22ZO— GROCERY, postofflce. laundry. 3 newe-
paper agencies?, public .telephone; last year's
receipts (15,008; cut of city; rent $15; thi3
place munt te seen; a bargain. DECK T &
CO.. S27 Market st., room 20S.
$1300— GROCERY, cr.al and feed business; rent
J25; established 12 years; sell inventory.
DECK & CO., g_7 Market st. room 20S.
CHOP house at a great sacrifice; price S125-
clearing S100 a month; must be sold at cnc°
McBHIDE & CO., SS3 Market Ft.
ROOMING and boarding-houses, hotels, flats
•tores and business places of every description
\u25a0old and exchanged. McBRIDE & CO &93
Market st; phene Folsom 450. '*.'....
JL— SACRIFICE; chance To^ begin life
again; buy rr.y busy cigar stand; near Mar-
ket Et; which nets S3 50 every day am
called to Seattle quirk; make offer to mv
. agents. HEDGES BROS.. 410 Parrott bldg.
FOR sale — A well-fitted up Ealoon on Market
et. ; on account of death will be sold at a bar-
gain; no agents. Apply McLEOD & HATJE
E1H Market *t.
tZOO— RESTAURANT: chance to get bargain-
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE*
Vi~t Mission eu
IF you wjFh to sell or purchase a business see
FARSHMAN & GUSTE. 78 Third st
FOR Bale— Locksmith and electrical shop; com-
plete outfit. 3070 Twenty-fourth et.
IF you wish to purchase or dispose of a busi-
ness sf<« BROWN & ODELL, rooms S and 9
41 Third Ft.
BUTCHER shop; established 10 years; best
town in State; death cause selling; must sell
this week. Business Board Trade, 226 Pine.
TOR Sale— Florist well established on principal
thoroughfare: rent reasonable; on account re-
tiring from business. Box 1120. Call ofilce.
BANKRUPT sale— Furniture and fixtures of
restaurant for sale. Apply for particulars to
K. WEETHEIMER, Trustee. £25 Clay st.
J200— PARTNER wanted in light business; $75
a month clear; no experience required; trial
given before buying. 25 Geary st.. room 1.
FOR Sale— Branch bakery, candy & dairy pro-
duce; account sickness. 1209 Devisadero st.
WANTED— Partner Jn horseshoeing business.
404 Jackson st
GR.OCERY and bar; living rooms; cheap rent;
bears full Investigation. S25 Market, rm. 17.
HELP WANTEDJ-MALE— Cna.
STRONG boy or young 1 man to help Alacf la
cake bakery; little experience needed Ju^
Larkin et. i _
BOY to help plumber; experience necessary.
1017 Folsom 6t.
BOY to drive wagon In butcher «hop. Hat
McAllister at.
WANTED— Younff man for delivery waybill
clerk* must be well acquainted with location
of street-. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m..
HALE BROS.' _
\u25a0WANTED Young man who Is an experienced
domestic salesman. Apply bet. 8 and 10:30
a. m.. HALE BROS.
COATMAKERS and panta and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BRO3. & CO.. U
Sutter st.
WANTED— Experienced coachman. Apply to
C? SPRECKELS. 327 Market st. . <
EXPERIENCED bollermakers wanted by __•
RISDON IRON WORKS ot San Francisco:
also blacksmiths, capable ot working under
steam hammer, ship and machine forging*;
$3 50 a day and steady employment. Apply
at office of company, Beale' and Howard _u.,
San Francisco.
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
play to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weavervllle, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work- steady work, good board and best
; wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St., room 23, San Fran-
ci-co, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 larjet
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Wood carver and plaster caster. F.
T. Riley. 616 Hampshire, bet. 18th and 19th.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required: tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalcsue free. HOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Boys and younz men to learn to
operate sewing machines at Greenebaum,
"Weil & Michel's factory, 531 Mission st,
YOUNG man some experience, to drive butcher
wagon and care of horses. WARREN, 2318
Fillmore st. ____________________
IMMEDIATELY— Several first-class sheet Iron
workers. Apply American Can Co., 7th and
Townsend sts.
A GOOD coatmaker wanted for Martinez. Ap-
ply to M. J. O'MALLEY. merchant tailor.
Martinez. Cal.
WANTED— A competent and experienced dyer
and cleaner. Address, with recommendations.
Model Steam Laundry. Seattle. Wash.
FITTERS for architectural iron work, iron
stairs, etc.: also strong, intelligent boys. 13
to 20, to learn machinist trade. 503 Mission.
BUTCHER wanted, young man, for route; Ger-
man preferred. Kentucky Market, 131S Ken-
tucky St . r'A '.*
FIRST-CLASS dyer and cleaner wanted at
once. Pioneer Dye Works. A. C JACOBSON.
Bakersfleld. Cal.
EXPERIENCED coatmakers in ladies' tailor-
ing. I. VISHOOT. Ladies' Tailor. 1427 Polk.
"WANTED — Iron molders and machinists, at
505 Mission st.
WANTED— Bright boy 18 to 13 years of age.
Apply bet. 8 and 10:30 a. m. HALE BROS.
BOY wanted; good wages; steady job. 1C9 Cali-
fornia st., room 21.
BOY wanted to assist in butcher shop. Apply
2503 Clay st.
ELDERLY man who understands nursery
work and florist business. Call 500 Haight.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogua
mailed. . S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS ordinary, for ships for all parts o£
the world. HERMAN'S, 23 Steuart st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40, Phelaa
his. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; fre_
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IMS
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 220!) Fillmore st.
HOUSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fail to attend th.» sDecial auction sale
Wednesday. October 23, at 11 a. m,. at tha
Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horsed, suitable for all business pur-
poses, just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON, at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market »t.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney; all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
150 HEAD stock horses fcr sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Dore St.. S. F.
VERY stylish bay carriage team: seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 7:' Howard 8t
A BARGAIN in gcod carriage, saddle, bus'nes3
I and rond ncrses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. »ve.
3 DOUBLE teams for sale. Apply D. RING
1942 Union st.
ONE second-hand express wagon: also on«
light business wagon. 1370 Turk st.
CHEAP— Now panel body delivery. 1 laundry. 1
baker's, 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. S2S Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 5C2 Mission.
DISSECTING sutjects wanted. S. F. Vet
Col.. 51 ft G. G. av», Dr. E. J. Craely, dean.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St.. 3. F.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent^An elegantly furnished 9-room
house; reasonable; no small children; call
mornings bet. 10 and 12. 142S Fulton st.
EIGHT-ROOM house, on Sutter St.. to let; fur-
nlture for sale. Call at 26 O'Farrell st, r. t. \u25a0
PRESIDIO Heiehts— 9 rooms and bath; rent
cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
$30—1711 Howard St.; 9 rooms; bay-window
house; basement and yard.
HOUSES TO LET FBRjriSHBD.
A SUNNY cottaze. 8 rooms, bath, piano.
chickens, fruit trees; Alameda: block from,
station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished house about 8 rooms,
bath, garden, yard, dry cellar, marine view;
on or near car line; between Jones and
Steiner, California and Vallejo sts.; three
adults. Address B. Call branch office 2200
Fillmore st.
LOST AXD FOUNT*.
LOST— At Shell Mound Park. Sunday, a gold
watch; inside case word3 "Willlo to Sarah."
1051 Mission st. ; liberal reward, as prized aa
death gift.
LOST— Pocketbook containing currency, a note
and railroad pass; liberal reward to finder
F. W. KELLEY. 36 Geary st
LOST— Collie dog. sable and white; license on
hlng leg. Return to BAILEY, the Hatter
116 EUi.? St.; reward. '
LOST— Friday evening, a'goid brooch set with
diamonds; $15 reward. MRS. MILIS. 1130,
LOST— Gold quartz chain. Finder will be liber-
ally rewarded by returning to IS Devisadero.
LOST— Diamond star on night of October 9 at
Bishops' reception at Hopkins Art Institute
or on route between there and Mill Valley
Suitable reward if returned to C G CAM-I
BRON. 132 California st:
LO .? T _~3 hre ! d !. anlon<1 rings in Oakland, near
Eighth an3 Adeline sts. Liberal re.vard If re-
st r , n Oakland r " H ' S " KERGAN - 112 « Eighth
— '- , -
IT \ Wl U- p . a £ V? "Remember" that the Califor-
nia V. atch Ca?e Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch case3.
MATTRESSES AMI PILLOWS.
T ?,.^ e^N alao cleaoe< * *-d sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work ruar-
\u25a0 tel. _nisn 42X
SPIRITUALISM. ' •
MISS M. WILLS, most wonderful clairvoyant
and crystal seer, late of Paris, tells you every
thing; if you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, come and con-
sult me: sittings SOc up; hours 9 a. in. to 8
p. m. 326A Ellis st. - . "
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium.
and life reader: mining a specialty; clr. Sun.,
Wed, and Friday evenings. • 1035 Market Bt.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; l seance Tue.,
Ft.. Su.. 8 p. m., SOc. 1084 Bush; p. Larkin 2275.
Miss M.WilIe,326A Ellis st, greatest of air crys-
tal seers; reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by mall $1.
BROCK WAY'S psychic seance, Sunday, Tues-
day, Thursday, 8:15 p. m. ; 25c; readings daily.
299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak St.; circles Tuesday
and Friday. 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings dally, 50c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st ; Ellis car. •
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m.. 10c; readings
50c and $1. 148 Sixth, r ; 12; tel. Howard 1129.
W. G. KEEGEN holds a' spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
HARMACHEIS, occult medium; circles Sun.,
Tues.. Wed.. Frl. eves. ;rdgs.daily. 332 O'Farrell.
PROF. Gee, 108 6th— Readings SOc and $1; clr.
every night ex. Sun., 10c; tel.'i Howard 1125.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
| medium and you will be told how to overcome
1 them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1205 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
PRINCESS FATIMA of the trible of Aloho-
bar, Bedouins; from Horan, near Damascus;
life readings through esoteric astronomy;
limited engagement in this city, Oct. 15
to Nov. 21; hours 10 to 12, 1 to 5 and 7 to 9.
100SV4 Market St., room 1, second floor.
A^LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mail.
MME. ARNDT, tha great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife: 25c up; satisfaction to every-
body; cures diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. HANSEN. card reader and palmist, tells
past, present and future, 25c. 14S Sixth, r. 14.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
\ only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c,
[ gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
: MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MELVILL. well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44S^ Jessie St., bet. £th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted -with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.; steam cleaning-, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
I PARRY . 1311^_ Market St.: phone Mint 1093.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating- Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated; relaid. 105 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st!;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 233.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 326.
CITY Steam Carpet-boating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 3S-40 8th st; tcl. South 250.
J. E, MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaninrr and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN." 20'S Kearny st.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE \V. KELLY'S Agency— No'charge~un^
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency room
85. 916 Market. Advice free: tel. Red 5211.
2 DENTISTS.
' A— DR. T. S. H1GGINS. 027 Market street.
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50:
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good' metal plate $15;'
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. IV. THATCHER. U. D.. Manager
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice . free ; price3
clicsrest. and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEAV unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
i warranted for 20 years: crowns, $3 oO: fillings,
i Me; plates. $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2i Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings, $1; silver fillings. 50c;~gold
or nurcelain crowns, J5; set cf teeth, $7;
[ teeth extracted calnlessly. New York Den-
I tists, .509 Mission Et, SE. cor. Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going: to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth Ft ,
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full Fet of teeth. $1; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
SP:T of teeth without plate. DR. IL G.
YOUNG. lSn Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c: plates $5 up: Phone Polk 1135.
! DR. H. G. THUMAN.' dentist, third rtoor. Ex-
fiminnr building: formerly in Murnhy bids.
i. DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
PACIFIC Detective Agencj-, room 610, Exam-
iner building; telephone John 381; reliable
work and efficient service cuaranteed.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market 8t.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
' PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL Q,K ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop" work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 14 Pest Bt., S. _\ ;
catalogue free. \u25a0 ...-,\u25a0\u25a0 . . .
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market —
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeuing, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured ; cat. free .
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF. MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER -
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; ref erences, , President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates,
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
sosltlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
• EDUCATIONAL — Continued. -
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45,' Par-
rott bldg.: individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.minlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduate* & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping, and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st.
Acting & elocution— Eve. classes, special rates;
monthly payments. Leo Cooper, 811 Geary st.
ENGLISH, Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH, French.etc.Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post ; estab'd 1871 ; ablest profs.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth s>t
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,"
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.; :
founded 1S63; new 80-oage catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th 1 .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush St. : tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S.
ESirLOYIKEAT WAXTED — PKMALE,
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; best of city references. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN chambermaid and seamstress desires
a situation; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St. . .
WANTED— A situation as cook in a private
family; have 4 years' reference; city or coun-
try. Call at 2214V. Fillmore st, near Sacra-
mento; no mail answers.
AN elderly German lady wants a position in
a family to help houseworklng and cooking;
looks mere for good home than high wages.
Inquire 91S Buchanan st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants place to do gen-
eral housework; city or country; family of
adults; wages from $12 to $15. 334A Twelfth
St., near Harrison; no cards.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation in a small
American family to do general house or up-
' stairs work; references. Call or address 1
Ewer place.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman desires
\u25a0 working housekeeper's position, or would go
by the day or half day in families. 329 Sixth
St., room 28.
BY young Swedish girl, speaks no English, a
situation to do general housework in small
family". Call 2 days, 1022 Sanchez st, near
Twenty-fourth. ' . • •
WANTED— By woman, work by the day,
housecleaning, washing and ironing. Call at
356 Minna St., near Fifth.
WANTED— By a young German woman, a
position to do light house or chamber work.
Apply to-day at 19 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED girl wants general house-
work, nice American family; wages $20 to
$25. 1210V, Larkin st.
AMERICAN woman, competent housecleaner,
wants work by the day; $1 25. Box 1321, Call.
MISS BESSIE STOY, having studied art un-
der the best masters of New York and Chi-
cago, and having had many years' experience
In teaching the same, desires a position as
superintendent or teacher of drawing in either
a public or private school. Address MISS
BESSIE STOY, Louisville, Ky.
A YOUNG lady stenographer, typewriter,
bookkeeper, 4 years' experience, desires po-
sition; capable taking full charge correspond-
ence. Address X., box 1303, Call office.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants washing to
do at home at 511 McAllister st. ; phone Fol-
som 1601.
WANTED— By first-class dressmaker, a few
more customers to sew for by the day; terms
reasonable. Address 1306 Ellis st.
COLORED girl ueslies situation as cook or
second work. Address 27itS Filbert st.
PLAIN sewing and mending done reasonably.
Ill Grand ave., room 5.
DRESSMAKER desires sewing by the. day.
Apply at 233 Seventh st.
AVINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 2".c to $150 per night; $150 to
$6 week: convenient an>l respectable; free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A. BRANCH olfice for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft.
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED — MALE.
MAN 29, German, wishes position driving de-
livery wagon, collector, caretaker or any-
other trusted position; Al city references.
Box 1272, Call office.
A WELL educated young man, 25, will work
day and evening for board, lodging and $20;
must have 3 hours a week for lessons; refer-
ences. Box 1322, Call office.
BUTLER or valet, English; excellent refer-
ences from last employers. New York. NEW-
BROOK, The Oaks, Third st
YOUNG German wishes position as all-round
man: can take care of horses or as porter.
Address 38 Ellis St., cigar store.
YOUNG man wants position taking care of
hor3es, garden; good "driver; can milk; handy
with tools. Box 1319, Call office.
YOUNG man. 23. would like position cf some
kind fcr evenings. Box 1288, Call office.
A STRONG reliable young man with sev-
eral years' experience in liquor work wants
position In any capacity In liquor or wine
house; can do barrel repairing; good refer-
ences. Box 1113, Call office.
A GARDENER wishes position; thoroughly
competent in all branches of horticulture;
long years of experience and handy in kinds
of work pertaining to a gentleman's large
place; highly recommended. Box 1275. Call.
hKl.lABLK man wants a position In a private
place; understands the care of horses; gocd
driver; can milk and attend to garden; good
references. Box 1266. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, extensive traveler, all around
business man, energetic and executive; will-
ing to go to any place of the world, is open
for an engager, ent. Box 1278. Call office.
POSITION wanted to care for horses or
packer In wholes-ale house: just arrived from
the East: reference given: one positior 8
years. Address -J. C. S., 56 South Park.
MAN with wife and 2 children from the East
would like to find employment for himself
on a ranch; also tor his wife at same plnce.
Address A. E. CRAIG. Monticello. Cal.
YOUNG man, sober, good habits, not afra'd
o£ any kind of work, would like a place to
work; am han_- with tools. Address H.
WICKS, 533 Sacramento st.
ENGINEER well up in the ice machine busi-
ness, electric light ancl power, with 26 years'
experience, wants position; Al references.
Addrfcgs box 123S, Call office. \u25a0
GARDENER wants situation; competent 'n all
branches of gardening; German; single. Ad-
dress B.,box 1116, Call office.
POSITION as cornet player in brass or orches-
tra. WALTER SMITH. 113 Fifth st, upper
flat. .
WANTED by a young man — A place to work
and attend school. . E. C. B., box 1267, Call.
BAKER; steady: 26 years' experience; broad
and cakes of all kinds. S22 Howard, room 11.
RELIABLE, experienced cook wants position;
town, country, hotel, \u25a0 re6taurant; good refer-
en;es. Cook, 45 Franklin _t. "
POSITION wanted as grocery clerk by young
man 25; best references. Box 1256, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establlsned at 1096
Valencia st. \u25a0 • • . .. - \u25a0 <\u25a0 .
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services;" good mining
, and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have* 42 offices in operation; : new method of
placing stocks and bonds: companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
yLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
CARPETS and- part of furniture of fine mod-
ern 6-room flat for sale; flat to let. ,1806
O'Farrell st . • •. '
431A .TURK st— Flat of. 5 rooms for sale; t
rooms rented at $16 per month.
nPSIXESS CH ; AyCBS---CniitlnTiert.
A— $900; GROCERY and delicatessen store;
most desirable part of the city; excellent
business; large stock; established. - M. LESS,
14 Third st.
A— $5000; SALOON near Market Bt; long lease;
Immense business. M. LESS, 14 Third st •
A— $500; RESTAURANT ; wholesale district;
fine trade; Investigate. M. LESS. 14 Third.
A— $500; CORNER grocery and bar; busiest
locality in the Western Addition; nice living
rooms; rent $25. M. LESS, 14 Third st
A— $3000; CORNER grocery a-nd .bar, north of
Market; horse and wagon; present owner
there 18 years and Is retiring from business;
low rent: positive value. M. LESS, 14 Third.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant with a first-class bar
connected, doing a business of about $100 a
day; price $4SG0; part of money can stand on
business; will bear the fullest Investigation.
Address box 2340. Call office, Oakland.
AN opportunity for good experienced furniture
man with 6ome capital to connect himself
with an established firm as manager. Box
1312. Call, office.
ACTIVE man can buy retiring partner's In-
terest in old-established grocery and bar at
cost; experience not necessary; must be sober
and Industrious. Cigar store, 257 Fourth st.
PARTNER wanted with some capital in very
profitable manufacturing business; man who
would work In factory preferred; -light work,
easily learned. Box 1261, Call office.
FOR SALE— The Call agency In Santa Cru»;
price $1200.
ESTABLISHED corner grocery and bar; good
location; fine bar trade. Inquire Call branch
office, 300 Hayes st :
WANTED— Partner who understands bee hive
business. Address ADAM MILLER, Vallejo,
Cal.
WOOD end coal yard; central; fine horees and
wagons; established 45 years; clears $300 mo.;
whole or half; great bargain. 34 Kearny st.
LIQUOR store; good family and bar trade; rea-
sonable; main street; fine location; owner
going north. Box 2342, Call office, Oakland.
LARGE paper route for Bale; good inducements
offered. Box 1265, Call office.
GROCERY and bar in Mission; 4 living rooms;
rent $20; ?650. 927 Market St., room 208.
WANTED— Lady or gentleman In office busi-
ness; exper. not necessary. 927 Market, r. 208.
SALOON for sale on water front Apply at
12 Jackson Et.
LAUNDRYMAN wants steam laundry or in-
terest in one; city or country. Box 1214, Call.
FOR sale— Fruit 6tore with horsa and wagon,
cheap. 1249 Mission st.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; sacrifice for quick
eale. 122 Eighth Et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
EUbscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia -t. •
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER'S OFFICE, 1020 Market St.. is
HEADQUARTERS FOR BARGAINS
IN LODGING-HOUSES
HOTELS, FLATS
.AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM $125 TO $20,000
..GET LIST FROM OFFICE
8 rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4500
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house 42»K>
7-room flat on McAllister st 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
IK) rooms; clears $350; payments to suit:.. 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth st. ; clears $S0 S00
24 rooms; on Market st. ; clears $150 lbOO
10 rooms; on Mason st. ; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3509
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.
Sou Market st Tel. Davis 281
6 rooms; elegantly furn.: flat $TO'J
8 rooms; furniture and carpets ; 1st class. £53
15 rooms; fine location; new; clean 1500
16 rooms; full; everything good; Enap 160)
7 rooms; new and finely furn.; flat 750
9 rooms; right downtown SO0
9 rooms; cheap rent, including piano.... 1250
20 rooms; elegantly furn.; a snap 2500
43 rooms; full; choice; bargain 4500
17 rooms; north of Market; snap 12j0
12 rooms; boarding; best location I20o
10 rooms; corner; on Geary st S50
11 rooms; corner; on Jones li'OO
SO rooms; everything good; bargain 3250
1C rooms; light and sunny; cash $300 600
11 rooms; cheap rent; clears $35 50j
16 rooms; a fine corner 140-J
44 rooms; choice location; pays well 3000
10 rooms; elegant furn. and carpets 1000
18 rooms: close in: good business 1200
WE WILL MAKE LIBERAL LOANS ON
ANY OF THE AEOVE AT LOWEST
RATES.
A SPECIAL NOTICE A
I HAVE BARGAINS »
REAL BARGAINS
Which pay me to advertise, which will pay
you to investigate. Call and see them, for
SEEING IS BELIEVING.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
28 rooms; piano; clears $60; payments.. $400
99 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5950
42 rooms; cost $12,000 to furnish 70U0
6 rooms; corner flat; payments 360
9 rooms; $115 cash, bal. payments 350
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
10 rooms; O'Farrell; $150 cash, bal. pymts 750
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
110 rooms; modern; hotel; clears $500 10,000
20 rooms; good location; moneymaker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHOXE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market Bt; corner
Ellis, room 12.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 MarKtt St., rms. 1, 2.
OFFICE NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
He has been in this business 15 years.
He draws up the legal papers free of charge.
He has 4 salesmen— Business is booming.
Money to loan — payable monthly or yearly.
Call for his long free list of lodging-houses:
23 rooms; rent $30; corner; workingmen..$500
14 rooms; Post St.; rent $55; clears $65 8fK)
7 rooms; Leavenworth St.; 2 floors; new. 500
11 rooms; near Sutter; Axminster carpets. 750
16 r. ; apartments; newly painted; rent $50. %'A
80 rooms; rent $200; moneymaker 360)
40 rooms; central: clears $150 month 2C0)
18 rooms; sunny corner; 2 floors; rent $70.. 950
63 rooms; rent $150; fine location 4303
A. CAMERON i: CO..
850 Market St. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
See our list of bargains.
SO r.. rent J42J. boarders, elegant fur $SOCO
44 r., rent $120, inc. $300, apart, house.... 3000
75 r., fent $175, full; good inc 5500
21 r.. rent JSO, clear $75, trans.. 3d st 1150
11 r , rent $60, good fum.. inc $105 1000
10 r., rent $45, clears $40. good fur., carp.. COO
8 r.. rent $40; Brussels carp., housekpg.... 425
5 r.. rent $35, fine little flat 275
Flats. Z to 14 rooms. $150 to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28 r.. 5250 to $3000.
COMPLETE furnishings of 6 rooms; must be
sold: price $125; terms $50 cash, balance pay-
ments. Call Monday.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St., opposite Mason.
BUYERS— Before buying a house eo to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st, opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
OWNERS — To effect a quick and satisfactory
sale of your house send for or call on
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED—
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $55; only $1000
13 rooms; rent $55; lease; part cash 16i)0
32 rooms; rent $100; elegant place 3150
35 rooms; must sell; make offer 1000
41 rooms; rent $87; money-maker 220)
24 rooms; rent $85; part cash 1000
27 rooms; business corner; cheap rent 1800
28 rooms: rent $50; clears $100 9ttO
40 rooms; cheap rent; north of Market " 3S0O
123 rooms: rent $110; profits $1600 yearly... 3500
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market St.
HEALY & HENDERSON,
6 Eddy st. 18-19.
"We don't keep good houses.
We sell them. See these:
130 rooms; electric lights $15,000
7-room flat; McAllister st 250
9-room flat: new; rent $45 750
10 rooms; G. G. ; new 650
28 rooms; downtown; elegant 2.500
• HEALY & HENDERSON.
G Eddy st, 18 and 19; Phone James 2771
13 ROOMS on O'Farrell St.: cheap; price $650.
12 rooms on Second Bt. ; great bargain; price
?225.
21 rooms on Eddy st. ; great bargain.
20 rooms on Sutter st; price JSOO.
Houses, any part of city, to be sold In our
office/ under a thorough investigation: for any
line of business call at our office. 993 Market
ft. rooms 1 and 2. McBRIDE & CO.. Real
Estate and Auctioneers.
THE largest and best list of lodging-hoi-ses.
hotels and business chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st. ;
phone Folsom 1592.
$1000—23 ROOMS; rent $65; $750 cash; clears $65.
DECK & CO., 927 Market St., room 208.
SEE this house;, it is a bargain: rent $40; $200
can remain; clears $50. DECK & CO., 927
Market st. room 208.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices. In all parts of the city: -get our
list first MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
CalL 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
FLATS TO LET.
$6 — NEW flat, 3 rooms; yard; range; water
free. 23 Holly \u25a0 st. . 100 feet from Mlsslon-st.
electric cars, opposite Thirty-third and Mis-
sion; no children.
NEW upper 10-room flat; bay window in every
room; fine 'view; elegant grounds; northwest
corner Portola st and Duboce Park, off Wal-
ler, bet. Pierce and Steiner.
A— COZY 4 rooms. .39 Julian ave.. bet. 14th
and 15th, - Valencia and Mission streets. -
FIFTEENTH, 1898, corner polores— Sunny bay-
window fiat, 7 rooms and bath.. .
HAIGHT, 459B. near Fillmore— Upper flat of 4
sunny rooms; yard and basement; rent $12.
HAYES, 1747, near Park— Modern sunny flats, 4
\u25a0and 5 rooms; $14 and $20; bath; water free.
MODERN sunny flat of 6 rooms. 1130 Golden
Gate ave., near Webster st.
MODERN upper sunny flat, 7 rooms, bath;
first-class order. 105 South Park.
UNION, 1524, corner Van Ness— New top flat. 6
rooms, storeroom and yard; marine view; $36.
$22 50 — MODERN bay-window flat. 7 rooms and
bath. 15B Henry st. near Market and loth.
FRAMES AXD PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. JI8-130 Hayes, nr. V. Neas
— Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50 — SOLID oak bedroom set: plate mirror.
$1 — Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $1S CO. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Will fur*|'sh your house on monthly payments.
_A. B. Smith Furniture Co., 128 & 132 Ellis.
FOIt sale — Furniture of 5 rooms and bath.
912 Ellis st; rent $13; sunny side.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms. 115 Jones st
NEW furniture of a 4-room flat for sale reason-
able. 406^ Fifth st. .
Fl'RMTURE WANTED,
CAL. Auction Co., 759 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Black 5491...
WII,SON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413. <
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st ; telephone Larkin
[ 2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
I pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, choi.ee place $25
Waitress and chambermaid, same hotel }_0
10 waitresses, city and country $20, $25
Institution laundress (Protestant), city $25
Mangle girl, institution, city S15
Chambermaid, city .' $17 50
Nurse, institution $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
French cook, small family $35
Chambermaid and laundress $25
Cook and housekeeper, city $25
• Many other places Come and investigate
1 C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
A— NURSE girl for Southern California; fare
paid; $20; see party here. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A— SEAMSTRESS for country hotel, Santa
Barbara; $25; see party here. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
A — LINEN-ROOM woman; first-class hotel; see
party here.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary St.
A— NEAT young cashier for store; $6 week; no
experience necessary.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO... 335 Geary st.
A— COLORED cook for country; $30. fare paid
MRS. \u25a0 M. E. DAY & 'CO 335 Geary st
A— MRS". M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 -waitresses, commercial hotel
see party 9 a. m.
14 waitresses, first-class city & country hotels
4 chambermaids to wait $20 and $22 50
Restaurant waitress, $7; woman cook, $40.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 cooks, $80: second girl, $25; second girl,
about 35 years old, countrv $2\ see lady here;
fare paid: cook and housesirls, city and
country; best wasres.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..i 335 Geary St.
ANDRE'S Employment Office.
215 Stockton Street
German cooks, $30; laundress and chamber-
maid, $25; maid and chambermaid, $25; wait-
ress and parlormaid, $25; German nurse, $25;
French cook, $30, and a number of girls for
housework.
WELL-DRESSED lady (two) to establish club
among \u25a0 private residents; pays $15 weekly,
bedsides pay of assist....t: expenses allowed
while working up route. 516 Commercial st.
WANTED— Two neat girls; one for downstairs
work, must be good cook; the ether for
second work and serving. Call 11S0 O'Farrell
WANTED — Girl to take care of 2 children,
aged 3 and 6. and assist with upstairs work;
wages. $.15. 716 Steiner st, near Hayes.
WANTED— "Finisher on ladies' tailor-made
jackets.- Call M. ROTHSCHILD. 526 Sutter.
WANTED — Good steamstresses and also ap-
prentice. Dressmaker, 207 Polk st.
WANTED— A first-class dressmaker and ap-
prentice girl at S09 Pine st.
WANTED — Girl for second work. Apply at 807
Franklin St. - •
WOMAN to wash napkins at 612 Kearny st.
WANTED— First-class finishers on pants; 75c
pair; steady work. 211 Tehama St., upstairs.
FINISHERS on ladies' tailor-made jackets. M.
ROTHSCHILD, 526 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE young girl to care for 2 small
children ; wages $10 per month. 205 Guerrero.
WETNURSE wanted. Call on DR. LEWITT,
500 Van Ness ave.. 1 to 3 p. m.
GIRL for dressmaking wanted at 1407 La-
guna st.
EXPERIENCED marker and distributor. 3372
Mission st.
2 COMPOSITORS; permanent positions. Apply
1 p. m. at lSW/i Polk st, near Sacramento.
WANTED— Immediately, a wetnurse. 906 Guer-
rero st.
WANTED— Girl for creneral housework and
take care children. IS Chattanooga, nr. 21st
DRESSMAKING help wanted. S41 McAllister
St., corner Laguna.
WANTED — A first-cl~ss waitress at 304 Mason
st: wages $S a week.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. 1516
Devisadero st.
WANTED — Good restaurant waitress; wages $7
a week. 7 Taylor st.
WANTED— Young girl fcr general housework.
E1G Hayes st.
WANTED — Young man to help on cake. 516
Kayes st.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; sleep
heme; $5 a month. 305 Devisadero st "
WANTED— Girl to wait at table. Eureka
Hotel, 415 Brannan st.
WANTED-^-First-class waist hand and" helper.
2107 California st.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply be-
: tween S and 10:20 a. m. HALE BROS.. Inc.
GOOD seamstress. Apply between 8 and 10:30
a. m. HALE BROS.. Inc.
EXPERIENCED glove makers, and appren-
tices lor operating: steady position. CARSON
GLOVK CO., 35 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants: one who can
finish; also first-class finisher; good pay: call
ready to work. 1000 Harrison st, cor. Sixth.
A REFINED woman, willing to apply herself
steadily, can procure permanent position with
business house. \u25a0 Box 1281, Call office. ,
WANTED— Sewing machine operators on shirts,
at GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICHELS', 531
Mission. St.; good wages; steady 'work.
SWEDISH or German woman for housework
and take care or- woman; 3 in family. 2520
Mission st; apply in cigar store.
AN intelligent young lady for general office
work; must be a good penman; state salary
expected. Address box 12S6, Call office.
WANTED— Young lady bill clerk and assistant
in ofilce; experience required. Box 1121, Call.'
GOOD dressmaker, skirt fitter, to learn ladles'
tailoring; steady and paid. S19 Post st.
GIRLS to .wrap chewing gun. Apply Newton
Gum Co.. Second and Folsom sts.
WANTED— Fancy cloak maker; also fancy
sleeye trimmer at 516 Sutter st.
WANTED— Girl to do'lght housework and
mind child. Apply 2237 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED operators ladles' underskirts:
stm. power; good pay. A; Aaron, 579 Mission.
WANTED— Girl care baby, $15; references!
1054 Po£t -f - -
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted . on . • ladles'
I tailor-made coats. Apply 22 Grant ave.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
"CO. Apply at factory, \u25a0 27 Geary st. -
WANTED— Girl about 14 for. light housework.
Apply 535 Castro st. -.'...
HELP WAKTKn FKMAT.E Cow.
necessary; steady work. Apply MR. DA\ia.
K." SL2?.ff -SnS-ST-S-* -K3.
and Grove sts. ;
HAIRDRESSING taught In 2 7«^,; " la . n ! C JJ o ':
ing & facial massage included; course^ *>. po
sitlons positively guaranteed: ijsood positions
waiting. S. F. College. 233 Geary Bt. room u.
WANTED-Experienced "P-" 1 " ~ *ff tt SJj2{;
machine: also operator on women s w»g»
and wrappers. MARKS BROS.. 1-1Z-1-U
Market st. .
WOMAN to cook in camp. South San £«":
Cisco; steady work; near school. Appiy m
California st. _—
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
steady work; best prices. LOWENBEBG &
CO.. 27 Jessie St.. 5th floor. .
FIRST-CLASS salesladies for mHUnery: best
wages paid; steady positions. 130 Slxtn st.
PROTESTANT girl: light housework: small
washing; wages J15. Apply 432 Fair Oaks st.
WANTED-First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
NEAT, reliable girl; German P re * o e _ r T^;,. h ° u ! 1 < *"
work; small family: ref s. : $20. 8ol Fulton st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsnm st. ' .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pases, in wrapper for mailing, tl per year.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at nw
Valencia st. ,
HELP WAXTED MALE^
A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Office open 7 a. m. Monday
£00 R. R. men \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Free Fare Free
Free— Ukiah— Free
C. N. W. R. R
Free— Ukiah— Free
E0 teamsters, Ukiah free fare
BO laborers, Ukiah free fare
50 steel and ballast men, Ukiah free
SHIP TWICE DAILY
MECHANICAL HELP
CARPENTERS
6 carpenters, near city $3 day
Carpenter, mining company »' a
"Woodworker, country shop $45 and found
Boiler-maker, mining company ?3 60 day
Blacksmith helper, ranch $35 and found
Tinsmith for a large company $2 n0 day
Hoisting and stationary engineer... $S0 to $90
'Furnace man for a mine $65 and house
Horseshoer, camp •\u2666 a -
Bench hand, planing mill, country. . ..?3 day
LABORERS
5 laborers, no experience, factory... $1 75 day
5 laborers, city $27 50 and fd. ; no blankets
10 Italian laborers, quarry near city $60
65 laborers, city and country. $1 75 to $2 50 day
10 muckers, large mining company $75
MISCELLANEOUS
Band saw filer, sawmill company $100
Dogger, sawmill company $40 and found
10 laborers, no experience required, to work
sawmills and woods $37 50 and found
10 2 and 4 horse teamsters, mining districts...
...$2 and $2 25 day
5 laborers, no experience, 75c fare... $34 and fd
10 ranch teamsters $26 and $30 and found
5 milkers $30 and $35
Farmer and wife. $1 fare $35 and found
15 farm and orchard hands $26 and $30
Handy man, country furniture store, $2 day;
choreman. Catholic institution. $20; boy to
drive milk wagon. $15 and found; foreman for
a small ranch who understands machinery,
etc.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker, country shop $40 and found
Butcher and drive peddling wagon, country
shop
Young man, drive butcher wagon and look
after horses. $25 and found
Cook, near city, $50; 7 cooks, city and coun-
try; 5 waiters, city and country; pantry man.
kitchen help, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
Railroad Work Free Fare
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers $1 75 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers and muckers $2 to $2 50 a day
10 carpenters $3 50 a day
10 laborers $1 73 a day
....FOR RAILROAD COMPANY WORK....
..Free Fare Ship To-day Free Fare..
2 engineers for traction engines, country, $2 50
a day and board; blacksmith and shoer. city,
$3 to $3 50 a day; 6 house carpenters, country,
$3 50 a day; farmers, milkers, choremen,and
others ". ....;. t.y.'. . .*. . .v.". ; .". ; »". . r.r.T. . .v. r.'. . ; .. ..'
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook for hotel in Arizona, $45 and
fare; cook, country hotel, $60; second cook,
hotel, $60; 2 waiters, country hotel, $22 50;
cook, country hotel, $35; French or Italian
second cook, hotel, $60; French or Italian
third cook. $30; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
i hands. $30 and $25
j C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
5D Third st, nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD WORK RAILROAD WORK
FREE FARE FREE FARE
FOR UKIAH
FOR C. N. W. RY '
20 tracklayers $2 a day
10 laborers f r ~ steel gang $2 a day
50 teamsters id laborers 52 a day
Carload of laborers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
(No office fee for above caxload)
Come and take advantage of our two-third
rate to Redding. We charter a car that leaves
here Tuesday '
10 carpenters, country, $3 50 per day. half
fare advanced .*.
Camp cook $33 per month
Dishwasher, same place $20 per month
FIVE carpenters for country. $3 to $1 5) day,
and 5 carpenters" helpers. $1 75 day. free fare;
woodworker for country. $45 to $50 and found:
| blacksmith" s helper, $1 50 day and board;
carpenter for sawmill, $2 50 day; setter tor
mill, $2 50 day; screw turner. $45 and board:
coopers, $35 and board: laborers, teamsters
and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento Bt.
COOK.country hotel, $40; broiler, $50: fry cook.
$40; cook for laborers, $35: restaurant cooks.
$14 week aivl $50 month; hotel and restaurant
waiters, dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
A YOUNG American clerk for general md&e.
store in country; $60. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay st.
AN AMALGAMATOR and run small engine
for Tuolumne County; $1CO: call early. W.
P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S Office. 315 Stockton street.
Second cook, restaurant., $60; third cook, $45;
short order cook, $30; dishwasher, $6 a week;
waiter, country. $30; porter in dining-room,
S7 a week: stableman. $25; elevator boy, etc.
A — MAN r.nd wife, waiter and waitress; nlie
country hotel; see party 9 a. m.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 25 Montgomery, r. 12.
4 colored waiters, north, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Parbers' International Uniqn
meets to-night, 8:30, 32 O'Farrell. I. LESS. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St.. room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
1 A COUPLE without children; the man must
understand all about vineyard and orchard,
the woman to do the cooking, etc. Apply at
3445 Twentieth st. after 10 a. m.
WANTED — Man who can hustle: extraordinary
Inducements offered up-to-date salesman by
large concern. Address box 553, Call office.
WANTED— Sober, reliable young man with !
some cash; $60 month; no experience neces-
sary: close Sundays. 1221 Market »t.. r. 1.
WANTED— An experienced egg candler. Call
at LEVIN BROS.. Inc.. 1343-54 Market St.;
none but experienced need apply.
BRIGHT boy. about 15 -years, for general work,
ladies' tailoring establishment. A. KAHN.
142 Geary st.
BARBER for the country, with two or three
years' experience. Call at 1291 Folsom st. i
near Ninth.
WANTED— Tailor: steady position. ROOS
BROS., 25-37 Kearny st.
PAPER-HANGER wanted at 1701 Sutter st.
WANTED— Boy to drive butcher cart. 2512
Bush st.
WAITER wanted ; must do all-around work.
37 Eddy st.
LUNCH waiter. 5S2 Sixth st
FEEDER on platen press. Apply this morning
at 206 California st.
WAITER. $30 and found. Potrero Hotel. 301
Twenty-second st: • ~
WANTED— A good oyster cook; wages $30 133
Powell st
GET your shoes half- soled while waiting- 25c
to 50c. B63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d s'ts.
EXPERIENCED marker and distributor 337»
Mission st. .
WANTED— Cook at Manhattan House 825
Battery St.
WANTED— Bright errand boy, about 15 yearsT
DANZIGER, 237 Powell st.
WANTED— Cook at 1012 Battery st.
WANTED— Cook, an all-round - man at 29
Fourth st.
WANTED— Waiter at 560 Howard st(120th Merldtan-Pacino Time.)
HAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 20-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls t»
date, ait compared with thoge of same date last
•eaion, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Lait T)il8 Last
Stations— 21 Hours. Setwon. Seoaon.
Eureka 00 . 4.31 4.96
Red Bluff 00 1.93 3.0ft
SnorniiiPiitn 00 .S6 1.02
San Francisco 00 .92 1.43
Freuno ;. .00 .67 .41
Independence 00 .77 .84
San Luis Obtspo 00 .23 1.93
Los Angeles 00 .12 .26
San Diego - .00 .06 .30
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
65; minimum, 53; mean, 59. - -
Weather Report.
PALACE HOTEL.
T. S. Sharretts, Md F M Whitney, Cal
Miss J Henry, Montrey Mrs V Thayer. Boston
Mrs F Thles. Denver Miss A Sargent, Bostn
Migs G Thles, Denver A B Pease, Chicago
K Rosenthal. Chicago G H Cooper, Boston
A L Schwarz. Ls Ang E G Eager, Toledo
L J Klemmer, Willows C A Clapp, Boston
E Carey & w, Sn Jose W T Solomon. N Y
E S Torernce Jr. Cal EA Stuart. Seattle
J A Sefton Jr. Stanfrd J Weisbein & w.' Cal
A D Danham. Stanfrd M B Kerr, Grass Vail
H S Burke. Stanford A F Luening & w. Mil
W H Llsbam, Stanford A Spiegel & w. Mil
P M Davis, Stanford F O Wannick, Austria
H Easton. Stanford . J F Parks. Jackson
F H Mlddlebury. N Y F S Johnson. Lincoln
a Reindel. NY B Curtis, Boston
B H Robb, Boise F H McCullogh & w.
A M Steiner, Germany Los- Gatos
D Liebmann. NY B W Paxton, Sta Rosa
F T Snyder, Chicago S Smith, Lexington
W de L Benedict. N Y C S King. New York
J S Childs. Redding P L Crovat. NY
B Marx, New York A Goodman. N Y
J Irving, Los Angeles Miss M Wycherly, NT
W L Haas, New York Misa M Coubere. N Y
R H Jackson. Reno I N Griffith & w. Eng
R W Foster. Mass D Forbes, N Y
A Dallman. N Y Mr* H Dlnsmoor. N Y
G J McCarty, Mexico T W Gentry. Rlchmnd
A H Ariell. Portland S Griffith, N Y
... GRAND HOTEL.
J P Biggs, Hay wards iW G Paramo & sn.^Cal
B Smith Fresno I.T Shields. Salt Lake
W G Morrison,^ Stanfrd W Maguire. Dtch Flat
T M Landrum, Cal W F George, Sacto
; B M Breeden. Stanford B P Tabor. Auburn
. W R Coie, Stanford L L Gaffney, Nev City
i W Q Cole. Stanford H M Shaffer. Cal
M J Kendrlcks. Cal D Patten. Napa
J'V Simpson, Berkeley W Harcourte, Ogden
R Spear, U S N WE Thomas, Cal
G W Pine, Bakersfield J Darnell, Cal
H S Shorte, Minn G Harvey & w, Nev
A C Brokaw, Cal F Phillips & w. Chlcag
R D Spencer, Chicago D H Ross, Cal
J D Blakeley & w. NY Dr F H Phillips." Cal
Mrs H W Conner, La G A Decker, Chicago
Miss L Miles. N Orlns B Holt. Stockton
Miss Koch. N Orleans P E Holt. Stockton
C Mitchell & w. Cal D W Glascock. Hanfrd
E D Miner & w. Wash J S Chambers, Cal
F A Frost, Folsom E W Palmre, Chicago
H A Schram. St Helen J M Stovall Williams
Mrs M A Haight. Cal J W Hare. Redding
C H Burden, Sonora J J Schock & w. Chgo
T Clack. Placervllle A M Allen, Monterey
W H Husbands. Cal F G Munzer, Bakersfld
H Trullinger, Cal [ ?.?..,
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
THE COAST RECORD.
STATION. | P[!Kli II I
5 : 3 : 3 : 3 % £
: '• : : • ' a
Astoria 30.26 60 58 S Cloudy .64
Baker 30.26 68 48 .. Clear .00
Carson 30.24 72 36 NE Clear .00
*Eureka
Fresno 30.10 80 48 "W Clear .»>
Flagstaff 30.36 64 30 NE Rain .22
Pocatello. Idaho. ..30. 26 70 42 SW Clear .08
Independence .30.06 78 54 N Clear .CO
Los Angeles 29.92 84 50 W Clear .00
Phoenix...: 29.94 90 54 E Pt.Cldy .00
Portland 30.26 72 60 NW Pt.Cldy T.
Red Bluff 30.10 86 60 N Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg 30.24 72 52 W Clear .00
Sacramento 30.0S 80 54 NE . Clear .Ofl
Salt Lake 30.22 68 48 W Clear .00
San Francisco 30.14 68 54 W Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo... 30.04 86 52 N Clear .00
San Diego ..29.94 6S 56 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.28 64 56 SE Cloudy .01
Spokane .......30.28 70 38 S Cloudy T.<
Neah Bay 30.13 58 54 E Rain .06
Walla Walla 30.24 76 56 SW Pt.Cldy T.
Winnemucca 30.22 74 34 NE Clear .00
•Yuma 29.S6 94 54 NW Clear .CO
•Wire down.
Temperature— 7 a. m., 52. \u25a0
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly along the
coast south of Point Conception. Rain is fall
ing in Northern Arizona and thunderstorms
are reported In the central portion of the State.
The temperature has risen rapidly along the
coast between Los Angeles and San Luis
Obispo. Conditions are favorable for the ap
proach of a storm from the Pacific south of
Point Conception. •
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 21. 1901:
Northern California — Fair Monday, with fog
along the coast; light northwest winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Monday, possibly showers; light north
erly wind, changing to southerly.
Nevada— -Fair Monday, continued warm; light,
northerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fog in the morn
ing, fair, warmer Monday; light northerly
wind, changing to easterly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
A shot was flrcd In Simon Vock's sa
loon, Grove and Webster streets, Satur
day night, but fortunately no one was In
jured. The police were notified and It was
discovered that James McDonald, who
lives on Linden avenue, had a revolver
and was showing it to some men who were
standing at the bar. By some means or
another a shot was fired from th£ revol
ver and the bullet lodtred in the wall. Mc-
Donald, who was very much under the In
fluence of liquor, was taken to his home.
As no one was hurt no arrests were made.
Shot Fired in Saloon.
Company JI— Sergeant J. TT. Broderlek «l. Her-
Reant W. A. Mallott li. Private J. D. Laguer
ro 4.1, first Ll.-utfiiiiiit I.. V. Cauedot Oi. Pri
vates L. N. For«nt 2tf. A. J. Alphonso 38. J.
II. Bralthwalt 2U and John Huattntr 20.
Company A— Corporal J. O'Hara 02, Captain
George T. Balllngrr W, Corporal J. Rellly 41.
Private* W. J. Duffy 47, O. Welk 60. O. Lleb
02. Musician H. William* 4S. Corporal H«lt«
mutler 33, Prlvata Itelhl S3 and Prlvato Byrno
33
Company C— Captain Frank K. Moore «4. Sec
ond Lieutenant Corcoran «0. Sergeant K. W.
rtldell 57, Privates M. Fautram 67, Oeorg» H.
Fleck C8. B. F. Moore 6rt, Walter Cohen it,
Arthur 8. Chessman 47 and John Deasy 48.
Company B— .Sergeant John P. Brady 5S, Ser
geant James It. Murphy 27, Private Travis
Kenyon 67, Musician John E. Walsh 51, Pri
vates Charles Brother 51. Mark u'K.llly .V).
William Clark 43. Arthur Clark 43 Private T.
Frank 45, ami Corporal Ernest Ewlg 41.
Company F— Captain John T. Eguert 6S, Cor«
poral B. L. SougMlack 64, Private L. K. Teuton
60, J. C. Hook 67, Sergeant Arthur T. Urown,
67. Sergeant R. M. Leon 57. Private E. E.
Jacobs S7, William Remodo S* and C. II. Mooro
51.
The First Regiment, N. G. C, held Its
regular annual State shoot yesterday at
the Presidio range. All tho companies
were well represented and tho scores
which were made, despite tho heavy fog
which at times almost obscured tho tar
gets, were fully up to the average. Tha
shoot was at tho reclining figure target,
300 yards distance. The scores made were:
Company B— Sergeant Llndecker 63. Sergeant
J. A. Wear 60, Sergeant J. O'Keefs 64; Pri
vates J. R. B. Grey 53, Knturges SI. F. Bur
denavo 48. Corporal P. A. Williams 4fi, Privates
O. HeftVns 37, A. Kuhleman 30 and K. C.
Young 30.
Company 0— Captain William L. Wall 6ft;
Private* Michael Lyons 60, John T. Daley ft>,
Henry Lage 67, Sergeant John M. 'Miller 5.'..
First Sergeant Charles !•;. Noyes .".I. Sergeant
Kmll Stroth 53. Privates J. C. Dolan 51 and
Otis McPhernon is.
On the Presidio Eange.
CAVALRYMEN" PUNCTTTRE
SHK1T, MOXTND TARGETS
Great Improvement Is Noted in tha
Marksmanship of This Branch
of National Guard.
Troop A, First Cavalry, National Guard
of California, held its regular quarterly
State shoot at Shell Mound yesterday.
Major H. Wegner, inspector of rifle prac
tice, supervised the affair and expressed
himself as highly pleased with the notice
able improvement in the marksmanship
of the cavalrymen.
Lieutenants Pierre and Carr held an In
dependent contest for honors -with the pis
tol at 50 yards. Lieutenant Pierre made
the possible 50 on one string and 48 on the '
next. Lieutenant Carr came off second
best with a score of 46.
The troop's official scores for the day
are as follows:
Captain C. Jensen 33, First Lieutenant E.
Pierre 41. Lieutenant F. Wells 37, Lieutenant
E. Carr 33, Sergeant R. Grenlnger 43, Sergeant
J. Spaar 46, Sergeant G. Rtddock 42. Ser
geant P. Schmidt 26. Corporal H. Bayes 2S.
Corporal B. Raine 40. Corporal H. Puckhaber
25, Corporal S. Lehman 33. Corporal C. Flckert
3S. F. Engle 40. S. Wafer 42, A. J. Klung 37,
W. Spanchaker 17. G. Glrcke 16. C. Becker 47,
F. Thompson 40, E. A. Schmidt 44, C« Thorpa
42. W. Rogers 22. W. Huggina 36. C. Nlcolat
4(5, E. Saul 40. T. Carlln 43. B. Crulkshank 21.
A. Henery 44, W. DavU 37. H. Haulpy 41. O.
Schultz 34, L. Plageman 2«. E. W. Jensen 31.
R. Thornagle 31. L. McKlnley 48, H. Keller 44.
H. Hansen 40. G. Hansen 2'J. O. W. Pope 33,
E. McKarley 42. O. S. McCallum 43. H. L.
Detrlck 44, H. Cap 4S. E. Bernzott Si.
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1901.
9
A GAIN we remind you that our stock,
both new and second hand., is the largest
west of Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
6old upon easy payments of $6 per month;
some grood planes for $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway -dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter Bts., San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteejith St.,
Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS— 7^~
faecond-hand . upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25- up; new up-
right cianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
_ SON, 16 to 20 O'Faxrell. Chickering, Ma-
eon and Hamlin, Vose, Sterling planoa.
A REAL treat is in store for any one who will
take the trouble to call and hear the won-
derful Simplex piano player as it i« exhibited
in our warerooms every day: it is the best
on the market. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. "
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price Al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
Price; costs you only 20o .a day to. buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1850. \u25a0
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes. Including Hallet-T>avis; great bar-
grain liet. $50 up; Steinway. $185 up; Fischer,
$100; Chickering. $165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
A SMALL Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut
cose. Knabe upright, almost new; alsoSteck.
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs, $25
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St., IVERS
& POND and A. B.» CAMERON. Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st. .
PIANOS— The most modern and up-to-date;
Steck. Everett. Conover, Packard, Ludwig.
Hardman and many others: wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co., 833 Market St..
S. F. ; (Branch Store. 951 Broadway. Oakland).
A I" ACT worth remembering ls this, you get
your money's worth when you buy a piano
from us; we sell the f- us Decker'— Son
and BaumeiEter: cash *,. payments. THE
ZEKO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
WANTED— 5 square pianos and organ for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308-10-12 Post.
A 3-PEDAL Steinway upright; as good as
new; a sacrifice. 22 Turk st.
PIANO, upright, nearly new, for Bale cheap.
140 Minna st.
BEAUTIFUL tone upright piano;- handsome
case; sacrifice account sickness. 695 Ellir, st.
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell it. R. 36, 217 Geary.
CARLOAD $400 pianos sacrificed for $250 each;
great bargains. BRUENN, 208 Post St.
A PIANO, pianola and muoio on sale; cost $950;
now $3S5: party going away. 217 Geary St.
$25— HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
upright, nearly new, $39. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULL ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Splelmann pianos. 308 Post st.
$550 PIANO, nearly new. for $225; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD iwond-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St. .
LEFT on sale— Antlsell large upright. $116;
Steinway. $165. 217 Geary St., room 26.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk *t.. near Market—
Shonlnger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. BCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. SCO Hayes.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO let-Store end stable at 1016 Oak st. F. D.
EVK-ETH.
S28 PACIFIC and 804 Sansome St., 2 handsome
stores, cheap.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
mizft: cheap. II. 8. WHITE. Rid Mission st.
i\iLMI»TKY~
II? J EIIOMiTfOSE*LlT."7cI entlflc palmist. B15
Taylor Bt.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
rAl.Vl_K3 AMJ DKCOKATOltS.
irc.iROMATN_r«iTa^
best quality work; lowest prices; get figures.
ROOMS papered $3 up; whitening done. HART-
MAN PAINT CO.. tel. Red 8S21. 31» Third St.
PERSONALS.
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL. 118 Gear/
et., largest curio store in America; visitor.*
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these Euits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on In-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket Et., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinua will cure any cose of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 60 per bottle. For circulars, Plnus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia st., S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
MAN and wife, experienced nurses, want en-
gagements, city or country; epileptics a spe-
cialty; references furnished. MERIAM, 229
Golden Gate ave.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar • with' electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the • cosmetic artist. 3588
Eighteenth St.. corner Guerrero.
PASTRIES, pies, cakes and bread lessons given
by an expert; private families, institutions,
hotels and restaurants; charges very moder-
ate. Box 1315, Call office.
GENTLEMAN In business, 46, wishes to meet
a lady, with honorable matrimony object;
good references. J. H. S., box 1310, Call office.
GOOD work and politeness is what you find at
Lederer's; hairdressing 25c; hair dyeing. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
MANICURING, shampooing, massaging, hair-
dressing at your home or officer send postal.
MABLE L. MORRIS. 405 Leavenworth St.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., removed
free for one week by electric needle. DR.
LULA BROOKS, Mission and Sixteenth sts.
McCABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bldg., rooms 323-324. S. F.; tel. South 3S1.
AT cash prices: ladies' t-»Uor-made suits, coats,
cilk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc. ; weekly
payments. C F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth St.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.'
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. ' Secret of
continual youth; 50c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and aee us. Bon-Ton. 324 Po3t.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years" experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
WILL Pay cash and good prices for 'old seal-
skins. Box 1203. Call. .
A— If your hair ls falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S. Moore, 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission street; phone Folsom 2528.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN-CO.,733 Market.
ECO MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter »t.
OBESITY cured ;no dieting; no weakening. THE]
A'VIDA CO., 736 Valencia St.. b«t. 18th & l«n.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural, color; $1; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEU 817 Market st.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS. "
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing^ CARL F. HAAS, 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
lOZlH Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully,
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason. nr - E " is -
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st.: see testimonials at office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — Good property for saloon from $7000
to J950O; comer preferred. Box 1105, CalL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
- OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$800— PLAIN but cozy cottage of flvT'roornT'iii
good condition; sunny side; close to San Pab-
lo ave. electric cars; street work all done;
insured' for $SQO; policy paid for three years
In advance goes with the place; title perfect;
terms can be arranged; would rent for $S to
$10 per month; look this up; owner on prem-
ises. . . \u25a0\u25a0' .
• \u25a0 - GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
?2250— A VERY neat home in Peralta Heights;
cottage of 6 rooms and bath and barn : lot
'40x137:6%; two years old; elegant view of the
lake; see photo at office."
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
______________________ __ *
$100 down and easy monthly payments will
buy a cory, nearly new, modern colonial cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation;
with folding doors and sanitary plumbing;
lot 30x100 feet; above the street grade, with
nice open lawn; stone walks and all street
Improvements; Insured for $2000 and all in
fine condition; electric cars in frpnt; handy to
Adeline-st. station; location very desirable;
near schools and churches; liberal discount
for all cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FUR\mJR^JPOR^ALE^
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. -11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BROADWAY, 1434. near Polk— Large sunny
front room, with use of kitchen; also small
rooms; rent low. \u25a0 '
BUENA VISTA ave., 449, overlooking . Golden
Gate Park and ocean, near Masonic ave. and
Frederick— 5 rooms, parlor floor; also 3 other
rooms; private house; turn, or unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 3031—3 sunny rooms furnished
_for_l lght housekeeping; no children.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $16; also single. $4, $5 and up.
FIRST 230, and 3 Tehama, same building — i
rooms each for housekeeping; rent cheap.
GEARY, 2221—3 or 4 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
GOLDEN GATE, 847, opp. Jefferson square-
Desirable furnished suite; housekeeping; refs.
GOIJGH, 115— Sunny modern parlor; gas range,
phono, gas, bath; complete housekeeping; $13.
MCALLISTER. 53S — Nicely furnished sunny
Euttes; gas range; sink; bath; laundry; $14, $15.
MISSION, 945—2 large housekeeping rooms, fur-
nlshed complete for housekeeping. \u25a0
OAK 10—2 or 3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng.
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary— Large sunny
front and back parlors; gas stove; houseki>g.
PINE. 2S12— 2 sunny furnished rooms; use of
kitchen, bath and laundry; cheap.
POLK 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for-housekeeplng; cheap; reference.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicelv furnished .rooms for
housekeeping; rent reasonable. \u25a0
THIRD, 419— Newly furnl«hed housekeeping
rooms; also single rooms.
THIRD, 415— Single and housekeeping rooms,
newly furnished; sunny; bathroom.
THE PIEDMONT, 119A Sixth— 4 connecting
rooms, complete for housekeeping-.
VALENCIA, 128—2 or 3 sunny furnished bay-
window 1 rooms, kitchen and large porch.
VAN NESS ave., 807— Handsomely furnished
sunny parlors with housekeeping prlvjlegeg.
WASHINGTON. 1320-Two or three «unny
n>omn; gan range. •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at , litiM
Valencia »t. '
IIP QMS: TO LI3T— Kurn. nnil Unturn.
ARGYL1!. 234 McAuT»ter— New, elegant, sunny:
grill attached; country visitors find* no place
like the Arjcyle; take McAllliter-itt. cari.
A-UUUN8WICK HOUSE, 148 Slxth-riooms.
23o to $1 per night; $1 23 to $5 par weok and
light hounukoeplng rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 28c to 75c. II to 13 week.
A NICE aunny tulte; rImo slngln rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath: tel. 332 Stockton st.
DUIINETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHANGED hands. 309 Suttcr it. -Room g. light
housekeeping, alno single rooms, $1 60 wk. up.
CLIFFORD, 204 13111k. corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, C32— Pleasant sunny suite; miltubli for
ono or more gentlemen.
ELLIS, 310 — Newly furnished rooms.
EUGENE, 265 O'Farrell— New House, flreproof,
new furniture; electric elevator; 25 private
suites with bath; bntha free; nrat-class.
FOLSOM, 1302, cor. Ninth— Large sunny front
bay-window room: water, gas, bath; suit. 1-2.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
FURNISHED rooms, $1 per week. 820 Folsom
ct.. near Fourth.
GEARY, 40a, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1101 (The Martinet)— 2 very desirable,
handsomely furnished suites; modern conven-
iences; everything new; prices moderate.
GOLDEN GATE, 1521— Three large unfurnished
rooms; also two rooms in rear.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
JONES, 923— Elegant 6Unny rooms; also beau-
tiful. corner suite: single rooms.
LEAVENWORTH, 207— Nicely furnished sunny
parlor suite, $20; others $10.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
: bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 025% — Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window front room; grate, gas, etc.; quiet.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; no children.
NATOMA, 622—2 furnished rooms in private
family. ;
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
NICELY furnished room with private bath
attached; rent $25. Apply 922 Ellis st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; eleo. lights; day, week, mo.
POWELL. 903 — Furnished or unfurnished front
alcove; sunny; marine view; suitable 2 gents.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 1461— Sunny unfurnished upper
floor of 2 rooms in house with private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 106— Nice rooms; $1 50 up.
TURK, 543— Bright, sunny room; grate, gas
and bath: * 2 25 Per week; private. ,-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class;- most
elegantly furnished; reasonable In price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy St.. near Leavenworth.
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave.
SUNNY front parlor suite, with good board.for
4. In private family; $18; telephone. 516 Jones.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3316— Nicely furnished rooms
without or without board.
CAPP, ES3— Large sunny room, suitable for. 2,
with board, in private family. f
GOLDEN GATE ave.; 618— Nice sunny large
room, with board; reasonable.' < -
WANTED— A few first-class boarders; refer-
ences given and required. Box 1209, Call.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL La? Palmas. 1S20 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms. .
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. €05 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur, suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
'' \u25a0 . • \u25a0" ROOMS WANTED.
TWO or 3 furnished rooms; light housekeeping;
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st, \u25a0 Box
552. Call. • • • \u25a0
ituFTuiiE . s y^y_ i^ R * pM> .
HUNTER'S RUPTURE SANITARIUM.- 1203
. MaTket; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
TaiEDIC_I_
PR. O'DOSNELL^AU who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicine* have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken: the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all eubJecU of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'POXNE— L. 1C1S Market Et.. opp. Fifth.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University, Ber-
lln; 25 years' experience In midwifery cases;
utmost confidence can be placed in her; takes
& treats ladies before & during confinement;
».w>Ft c_re. attention; confinement $15; board $4
week; imants adopted. 3S27 lSth Et. : Mission-
st. cars; consultation free; phone Capp 2S03.
THE oripir-al MRS. DAVIES Is etlll located at
i:^ Market; maternity home provided; offico
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
iI7Nl)OOHERB ASD MRS. DAVIES' Original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
la confinement. 1126 Market et., S. F.
JIR?. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable la-
cies 1 epecialiEt; _ priv. home before and dur-
i:ig confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' Epecialist. confinement.
removed from Market st. to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. D. WYETH. reliable ladies' specialist;
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladies' epe-
clalist. has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern methods; 25 years' experience in S. F •
guarantees to cure all female Trouble; mater-
nity hospital; fee low. 906 Market St., opp. 4th.
DR. KG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton Bt.. opp.
, Lnlon square; pll diseases cured by herbs.
r
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery _C
1NTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 FremTnt rtT
BARS, back bars, mirror?, restaurant and po-
ker tables.»barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
Faloon outfits on hand; 82 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can chip everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 102L 1C2J
Mission tt., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Risdon Iron
Work*, cor. Howard and Beale ets.
LOT machine chop tools, lathe*, planers, ehap-
er«. etc.: also wood-working tools. »uch as
band taws, wood pl&ners. ehapers. EtlckerB,
mortlfiers. saws, etc. J. B. JAUDINE, T'JO
Fremont tt.
C.VINCH eteam mangle. 56-lneh extractor. »-
rack fifam dry room complete, Z5 H. P. flre-
»jox boiler. S H. P. engine. 149 Minna rt.
A— BUYS. i>ellf or rents gear, machinery, en-
gine;, bollere, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 2I.3-2S5 Spear «t. .
r-'ECOND-HAND 1K01 Cleveland. Stearns, Run-
biffr. Snell. rhalnless Ppau'dlng and cheaper
whorls; cloning out. 607 Mission et.
HAND teror.lng machino and hand shaper
rultable fcr carpenter fhop; alto No. 2
Hooker etism pump. HZ Howard cL
1 I i:st-<-J-a t-ij aecond-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and cold. KROGH MFG. CO.,
t«-17 Stevenson «t.. near First.
f TINE *ult». tlO: dr*M pants, $2 75. MISFIT
* CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery \u25a0_
A— $3 M D—KBY and Fedora hat», $l~7s! Popu-
!ar Price Hatters. 230 Kearny »t.. near Pine.
GAS engine; perfect condition; only used few
Cays. Consumers' Electrical Assn., 52* Butter.
30 It. P. economizer boiler with engine mounted,
all complete; as good a« new; $173. E16 Mission.
CHEAP. 4 EL P. pasoilno engine; 2 steam
l>umpF; all kinds tools. L». fc-parber, £46 Minion.
3'OR Kale — A fresh Jersey cow. 4150 Seven-
teenth tt.
2 TRAINED hunting dogi cheap. 1716 Sut-
ter ft.
• J"OR sale— Horse and phaeton for family or doc-
tor. Call morning at drug vtore. 1044 Valencia.
m •
BAR outfits. >•!!• w.-.ii-. y ; all length! and ilzes.
JACOB ECmviCUUT. 621 Ml»»lun »t.
J'HOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
milling. 109 Montgomery ••t.
OFKEH wanted on amall stock milliner)'. Ad-
dvru 122 13. Eleventh «t.. Katt Oakland.
LA KG 13 vault front; also large fireproof safe
cheap. PEUIAM & CO.. 42 Main »t,
C_£H KdsUr <Ha!!wond); brand new; US; re-
ductlon. II. y. ALLEN. 208 California «t.
BIG prim pnld for *« ••<]; kin*, full drcp* A Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office, 21 Stockton.
IX)ATS. launrhen. rowbnati carried In stock.
DAKER - HAMILTON.
JFWELRT for •>)• and mad* to order. T,
FERSHTAND. 126 Kearay «t.. room 29.
MAGIC lanterns, new and id-hand moving pio-
turp«. BULLARD _ DRECK. 131 Post st
GASOLINE engines, all s!ze«, new nnd 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. Ell Mission st.
SAFES-New and eecond hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento Et
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 12» bcale St.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler'» «teel-
ilned safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th« Weekly
Gall. 16 pages. Bent to any address In the'
Vnit^d States or Canada one j:ear for *l,
EOPtage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WAISTS.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WK1TEHEAD. 1706 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical poods. 154 8th st; tel. Folsom 2322.
MO3fl_V TO LOAX.
_X^MA^SATx^rX6^Gr^oliPAi?rT
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town ana country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
en unsettled estates, undivided interests la
real tsvate and legacies. We will purchase
any ct above eecurities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ~~~
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terras before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery et.. room 3
J^CO-EAWEHN capital to loan at low rate
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided in-
temti in real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
clVJ ranch property; will loan as high as 75
l*r cent of real value. W. L. HARPER. 387
1'arroit buildinx.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
tecond and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest tn estates, legacies, undivided
taterefts. eecurlties, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEX.
HERMAN MURPHY. €03 Examiner building—
ti», 000,000 at 6% cr less in large sums; loans
on tecond mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
problems of all eorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
tee HERMAN MCRPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided Intereata; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building, 206 Kearny et.. room 314.
JHELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of intereit.
fe Grant ave.. near Market St.; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
«.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third eU
A MILLION at 4 per cent: smaller amounts at
I: city or farm property: long time; state
amount desired and location of property. P.
O. box 2073^ . :
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary et.; phone Red 1603.
| ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorstr or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 6U9 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market «t.. room 68.
LOANS on pianos, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any amt.;
lowest rates; prlv. Ormsby. 26 Montg..office 7.
ON SALARIES without indoreer; other propo-
eitione. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b.
MOVEY loaned eaiaried people without secur-
ity. HOI, r. 44. Merchants' Ex-. 431 California.
£% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no commission: private. Room SI. 6 Eddy et.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal; no
commis. ; confidential. Whitehead. 1706 Market.
ON furniture pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
jstrtctly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery at., r. -L
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome gt.
7 T IE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dls-
/ counts. 221 Parrott building.,
\LOANS money on ealary; no indoreer; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 809 Phelaj bldg.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Euttca cr Canada one year for fL J
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SAXEI.
FIRST-CLASS residence with good-sized lot
and in perfect condition wanted to purchase
in the Western Addition; must have all th<2
modern improvements. Call on W. J. GUNN.
630. California st. - \u25a0 - \u25a0
A RESIDENCE to cost about $4000 wanted to
purchase in the Mission or Western Addition,
on or near to a car liner must \u25a0 be modern
built and in good condition. W. J. GUNN.
630 California et. .
A CORNER property wanted to purchase on
Mission or Valencia Bts. W. J. GUNN. 530
California st. '
WANTED to purchase two or four flats that
are in first-class condition and modern;
either In Mission or Western Addition. W.
J. GUNN. 530 California Bt. -
THE undersigned wants to purchase a lot im-
proved or unimproved on Valencia, Mission,
Howard or Folsom. W. J; GUNN, 530 Cali-
fornia st.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
$20,000— Mission st, north side, near Fourth;
23x160 feet to Jessie st.; reduced from $30,000 to
effect an Immediate sale.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH,
219 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BT THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery st.
Fine large house, suitable for doctor's office
and residence; 14 rooms; 2 baths; southern
exposure; lots of Bun; 2 car lines at the door
and close to best residence district in the
city; comparatively new house; lot 35 by 127;
price, $14.000. i
TOR sale— Fine business corner lot 37%xl00;
stone- curbed and ttreet in order; no more
street expense; at a bargain. Apply at 14
McAllister St., room 16.
$50,000 TO invest In income-bearing property:
must' be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO.,
702 Market st.
$550 AND 5230 each, 2 sunny corner Mission
lots; frontage on 3 streets; cash or install-
ments. Apply 360 Jessie st.
FOR sale— Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and yard; half cash. S022 Pierce st
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A BEAUTIFUL and productive home near
Hay wards. Alameda County; 18 acres, nearly
all In full-bearing orchard (none better); sur-
roundings first claBa; sightly and beautiful
location; modern residence, etc.; this choice
piece of property must bu sold to close estate
lntereHts; price $7500 for immediate tale. H.
H. CRANE, 608 California st.
$50 EACH— A few choice building lots In th'e
city limits of the thriving city of Stockton.
C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St., r. 6, 8. F,
HERE it a buy for $3200: 9 acres, fruit and
poultry form In Alameda County, close to
R. R. depot; level land: all in Al orchard;
house 6 rooms; barn, fine large fruit house;
6000-gaIlon tank; can Irrigate any part of the
place; all /arming Implements and tool*; good
horse, wagons and 300 poultry: get particu-
lars of this genuine bargain. 11. II. CHANE,
60S California st.
BARGAIN— 50-acre farm near the town of
Pleasanton, Alameda County; all level land;
house, barn, etc.; a good home place and very
cheap; price $4000; easy terms If desired. 11.
H. CRANE. -08 California Bt.
OCEAN View Mountain ranch, near Pescadero,
for tale; 300 acres, mostly redwood and tun
oak; 1000 fruit trees in full bearlnir, prin-
cipally late apples; no front; can raise pota.
toes all the year round; lovely view; owner
too old to manage it and will sell cheap. J.
EVANS, Pescadero, San Mateo County.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma, Co.; future valuo assured, us
Kan Francisco ls growing rapidly; location
be»t for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California at., for pam-
phlets and information.
10- ACRE bearing orchard and poultry ranch;
mile from Haywardi; with new, modern 5-
room house, barn*, stock and farming im-
plements, liox 1231. Call office.
A— IF you want to buy, sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION < tlilK-
FIN, J19,Mrket tt.. S. F., office near Call big.
$!.'<C0-IMPROV_D foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near It. R. Box 222. Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; writ* for
fr«-w int. C. R. W1NF1BLD. Petaluma. Cal.
SAN JOSK HEAL ESTATE.
SAN JOSE real estate at 'a great Bocriflce--12-
room house, -on lot 00x125; divided In 4 fiats;
all furnished and rented; 3 flats rented for $21;
1 flat occupied by owner: furnished, $2300; un-
furnished, $2100. Apply 220 Sutter St., room 33.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED>-3 or 3 story house In good condi-
tion in flats or suitable for flats. Address
MRS. E. C. 1518 Broadwar.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A-AMEPA REAL ESTATE.
GREAT BARGAINS.
In improved and unimproved property in Ala-
meda.
Cottage. $3000, reduced to $2150.
Cottage, 6 rooms, $3250; price reduced to $2350.
Cottage of eight rooms, $3500, $2350.
Two-story 8-room house, new, $4*00, reduced to
?20C0. '
Two-story, 9 rooms, all modern improvements;
on Clinton ave.; lot 50x150: offered for $4750.
A few of our cheap lots are still unsold,
price from $150 to $250. and must be sold regard-
less of cost. »
e. j. judd Company,
1424 Park st.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; hi cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WILL THIS~TEMPT 'YOU?
$3000 will buy a fine two-story house and
lot, near the statioit on the sunny side of
the street; street work all done; to any one
buying this property during the coming
week I will give as a bonus a fine corner
lot. 60x100, adjoining the above; mind you,
there ls no mistake, will give you the lot
free if you buy the house and lot. Apply to
JOS. J. MASON, adjoining P. O., Berkeley
station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3000— COST TO DUPLICATE $4000.
New 7- room house; cement basement; the
latest in design and finish; nickel and open
plumbing; choice- neighborhood; improve-
ments opposite cost $16,000; 3 blocks to local
station; owner non-resident; house must be
sold ; positively the finest property . for the
money ever offered for sale in Oakland; call
early or you may lose an opportunity.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$3000— CHOICE new story and a half house;
six rooms; basement; in fact, an ideal beauty
in location and architectural finish; lot is
high and sightly; near Senator Perkins' house
on Vemon Heights; owner compelled to sell;
no reasonable offer refused; space too limited
to extol its charming qualities; seeing is be-
lieving; call early.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS— COST $3500. •
I am instructed to sell without reserve a 6-
room two-story house with all the latest con-
veniences to the highest bidder this week; I
think $2600 will buy the property; it is a
forced sale; space too expensive to enumer-
ate its mar.y good qualities; lot 50x140: con-
venient to cars, schools and business center;
owner must sell. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
, 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
__ , 1 r— . , _ ___
SMALL payment down, balance monthly, will
buy a good comfortable cottage on Eighteenth
St., between Market and Brush; five rooms,
bath, laundry; price only $1550.
If this is not what you want, call and see
us at our new office, 471 Twelfth st. JAS.
S. NAISMITH.
DO you want a bargain in Oakland real estate?
Call and see us at cur new office. 471 Twelfth
st. JAS. S. NAISMITH.
FINE modern residence, 14 large rooms: 2 bath-
rooms, servants', basement: hot water fur-
nace; stable for 4 horses; half a block of mag-
nificent garden; grand view; ideal. place for
children or invalid; 40 minutes from S. F.;
45 from Berkeley; no reasonable offer refused;
sold on account of change of residence. Ap-
ply premises, southeast corner Sixth "ave. and
' Twentieth St.. East Oakland. >.
A SPECIAL OFFER. ~~ ~~ j
: \u25a0 . . \u25a0 $250 CASH, $40 PER MONTH.
...Three Sold;. Only Two Left. . • \u25a0 .
Elegant new 8-room residences, fronting Tele-
graph ave. : Why pay rent? Investigate.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., \u25a0
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland. .
HOUSES of every description and \u25a0 price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
" 1113 Broadway; telephone Main 10.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages,' in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
STATE A\EINT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HARTFORD FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut. on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
A ?a^. Ot .. C . a 'i™ S .'^.. P^i UP -. 1 . n n.230.00()0<>
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company *S01,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 857,700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company <,1i8.6o4 *»
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 7.800 00
Cash in Company's Office 128.2rf 82
Cash in Banks •• :. »30,S13 *0
Interest due and accrued on all
Stock3 and Loans 53 33
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages \u25a0.--..« 24,832 19
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 1,238.54133
Rents due and accrued 1,463 69
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 9,573 Si
Total Assets $10,979,253 03
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $232,622 44
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense - 367.659 82
Losses resisted, including expenses... 54,866 14
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $4,917,455 16;
reinsurance 50 per cent 2,458,727 53
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $6,022,-
867 05; reinsurance pro rata 3,0C3,313 11
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 84,300 00
Total Liabilities $6,206,435 12
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $6,684,746 :s
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 61,660 04
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 312,845 73
Received for Rents 13.6S2 27
Total Income '. $7,072,934 65
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $606,360 64, losses of previ-
ous years) $4,371,957 CS
Dividends to Stockholders 400,000 uO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1,163,657 81
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 511.705 04
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 197,320 96
All other payments and expenditures 641,808 64
Total Expenditures $7,286,650 U
Fire,
losses Incurred during the year — $5,012.539 63
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $703,232,302 $8,412.122 51
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 665.432.202 7,898,152 35
Net amount In force
. December 31. 1900.. 962.575.069 10.940.322 21
GEO. L. CHASE. President
P. C. ROYCE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 41-
day of January. 1901
DANIEL J. GLAZIER. Notary Public
Pacific Department,
313 California St., San Francisco.-
Henry K. Belden, Manager,
i Whitney Pafache, r'sst. Manager*
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5SS0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for tL
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought sold and reoalrlng guaran-
teed. Cbas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing ; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office - Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713. '
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmcre St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREaTbaRGAINS IN^^P^W^rFER&^We*
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 96 (twelve
and one half cents per share) of the Hutchia-
son Sugar Plantation Co., will be payable at
the office of the company, 327 Market St., on
and after Monday, October 21, 1901. Transfer
books close Monday, October 14, 1901, at 3
o'clock p. m. H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
ASHER-In this city, to the wife of Herman
Asner, a son.
CARROLL— In this city. October 17, 1901, to the
wife of W. F. Carroll, a son.
CONDON— In this city, October 10, 1001, to the
wife of Edward F. Condon, a daughter.
DIED.
Aaron, Paulino Jaecer, Georne M.
Abbott, Mrh. Ada Leddy, Thomas 1*.
Uaclsalupl, Norma F. Lynch, Pater
Ueoker, Frederick W. Maiwald, Anna
Cockrill, Robert L. McCarthy, Patrick
Cushlng, Charles D. McCormlck, Frank JI.
Gahagen, Michael Moyles, Owen
Glfeln, Marrarethe ' Cjuuld, William H.
liulvorsen, Charlotte ltyan, James
Hawes, George II. Savage, Anna M.
Howard, William II. Treacy, Margaret F.
Hupfeld, Wllhclmtna Wacener, Francis O.
AARON-In'thls city, October 20. 1901, Pauline,
beloved daughter of the late David and Mary
Aaron, and Idolized sinter of Louis, Victor,
Harry S. and Kittle E. Aaron and Mrs. A.
L. Brown of Marysvllle. a native of San
Francisco.
(ETFrJcnds and acquaintances ure respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at
Masonic Hall, I. O. B. H. building, 121 Eddy
strest. Interment New Bilem Cemetery by
11:30 o'clock train from Thlril and Townaend
\u25a0 treetH. Remains and family at residence ot
Ham Meyer, 8 Hollln street. .
AliUOTT-ln thli city, October 20, 1901, Mrs.
Ada Abbott, beloved mother of Mrs. Bertho
L. Welch,
cyintermont private.
BAUrOALUPI— In this city. October 19, 1901,
Norma Freda UticlRalupi, dearly beloved
daiitfhter of Anton* and Frances BaclRalupi
unit loving xlstiT of Joseph and Myrtlo Uacl-
salupl and uf the Into Albert llaclgalupi, a
uatlv« o( Sun Francisco, aged 2 yearn and
10 month*.
DBCKEH-ln this city, October 20. 1901. Fred-
erick W. llcckvr. uncle of Anna Kuhn and
Jol'tuina Iliiiiflii! ii ml wniinluiii'lii of Filitu
Taylor and limmij, UUchlK. R native of Her-
st>. II.-, WeatuhalU, Uermuny, aged 71 yearn.
COCKRILL— October 20, 1901, Robert L.. hus-
band uf KUu M. Cockrill, a native ot MU-
binirl. aged 61 year*.
CUHlllNG-In this city, October 20, 1901, at hln
lutM rcsldcncu, lrtlsVi Clay street, Churles V.
Cushlng, hflnvpil husband of Anna Cuohlng.
a native of lioston, Mann., aged C2 years 10
months Mnd 18 days.
tCTFrlentls are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 'i o'clock, at Ktn_ Solomon's Hall,
Masonic Temple, corner of Post and Mont-
gomery streets, under tho auspices of Cali-
fornia Lodge, No. 1, F. & A. M. Intermen'.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by the 3:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
GAHAGEN— In this city. October 20, 1901,
Michael, beloved husband of Mary Gahagen.
a native of County Mayo, Ireland, aged 71
years. . .\u25a0
GLEIN— In this city, October 19, 1901, Mar-
earethe, beloved wife of the late Carlos F.
Glein, and mother of Mrs. Augusta A. Trle-
bel. Miss Charlotte Glein, Mrs. Louise Hag-
maier and Mrs. Elizabeth Walton, a native
of Hertzfeld, Germany, aged 74 years 2
months and 14 days.
ETTrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, at her late residence, 931
Fell street, between Steiner and Pierce. In-
terment urlvate. Please omit flowers. Cre-
mation at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HALVORSEN— In this city, October 20, 1901.
Charlotte Maria, beloved wife of Nils Hal-
vorsen and sister of Sophie Smith, a native
. of San Francisco, aged 37 years 1 month and
29 days.
HAWES— Went home. In this city, October 20,
1901, George Hazelton Hawes, beloved brother
of J. H. Hawes and Mrs. S_ A. Kelley and"
Mrs. Robert McLellan, a native of Middle-
field, . Mass., aged 51 years 10 months and
16 days.
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, in the chapel ot
the I. O. O. F. Crematory.
HOWARD— In San Mateo, Cal.. October 19.
1901, William H., beloved husband of Anna
D. Howard and father of Mre. F. S. Whit-
\u25a0 well and W. D. M. Howard Jr., Edward W.
Howard, Frances S. and John K. Howard, a
native of California, cged 51 years.
G-^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
day), at i o'clock, at St. Matthew's Church.
San Mateo. Interment private. .
HUPFELD— Entered Into rest, in this city.
October IS, 1901. Wllhelmina. dearly usloved
wife of Dr. Julius W. Hu»feld. and mother |
of Albert and Julius Hupfeld, aged 58 years
and 13 days.
(CTFuneral and Interment strictly private.
JAEGER— In this city. October 13, 1901, George
M., husband of Eleonore C. Jaeger, father of
George H. Otto E. and Frederick C. Jaeger.
Mrs. Sam 'Preston. Mrs. Henry Pike and the i
late Bertha A. Jaeger and Mrs. Hermine E, I
Barsantl, and stepfather of Gustave de Neve. !
a native of Essingen. Bavaria, aged 73 years i
8 months and 8 days.
D_r Friends are invited to attend the funeral
to-day (Monday, at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence. 418 Eureka street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second. Interment j
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEDDY— In this city, October 20. 1901, Thomas
• P., beloved son of Eliza and the late Patrick
Leddy and brother of May and Lizzie Leddy,
a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years 7
months and 14 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow v
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
> Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County.
OFFICE ©16 MARKET STREET.
' ' • JT. HENDERSON. Manager. •
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has \u25a0 opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FDNERAIi DIRECTORS AND EHBALMES3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rate».
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Eamml SlcFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the came company - for 10
years; P. F. Greon, late with J. C. O'Connor
& Co.. have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission - street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44.
CREMATION.
The Odd tellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos ave.. S. H., Col.
The ordinance prohibiting ' burials in San
Francisco after the first day or August. 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there U
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead. \u25a0 . \u25a0
Permits to cremate' will be Issued by tho
Board of Health the same as heretofore.- ' •
CEOXIGK R. FLETCHER. Manager*
AUCTION SALES
£* NEW LOT £a
FORTY CHF.AP HORSES
HEAD VIIUrtr JUST ARRIVED.
JOHN H. HALTON at Chase & Co.> Sales-
yard. 1732 Market street.
fc* AUCTION SALE.
Forty head well-broke, gentle driving and
work horses; all beauties; catalogues now
ready. Sale Oct. 22. 11 a. m.. Occidental Ilorsa
Exchange. 721 Howard street.
£»£*____
TUESDAY. Oct. 22, II o'clock, at 1140 Folscm
St., I will sell 23 all-purpose horses. 30 sets
single and double harness and a large assort-
ment of wagons, buggies, carts, saddles, etc
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, €55 Noe street, thencr to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, October 20, 1901, at hfs
late residence, 351 Eleventh street. Peter,
beloved husband of Kate Lynch and father
of May, Michael, Charles, Edna. Ada. Arthur
and Leo Lynch, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged 46 years. '
MAIWALD-In this city. October 19, 1901.
Anna Maiwald. dearly beloved wife of Gus-
tave Maiwald and beloved mother of Martha.
George and Harold Maiwald and sister of
Mrs. J. E. Burkard and Mrs. M. Kohle and
Mrs. A. Braun and Tillie, Tonie. Emil and
' Bruno Fablsh, a native of Germany, aged 3u.
years 6 months and 1 day.
(CTFuneral and interment private.
MCCARTHY— In this city, October 19, 1901,
Patrick, beloved son of Daniel and Mary Mc-
Carthy, brother of Nora McCarthy, and
nephew of Patrick Walsh of Oakland, a na-
tive of Caheragh, County Cork, Ireland, aged
25 years.
U-Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of John Collins, S56 Folsom street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCORMICK— In Alameda. October 19. 1S01.
Frank H. McCormlck, a native of Ohio, aged
64 years 8 months and 8 days.
[p-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his lat«:
residence, 1803 Alameda avenue. Interment
private.
MOYLES— In this city, October 19. 1901. Owen,
beloved husband of Annie Moyles, father of
James W. and Eugene V. Moyles. Mrs. Clif-
ford Middlemisa and Mrs. Georsre Rennle,
grandfather of George W., Willie. Nealle.
Joseph and Dorretta Moyles, and brother of
Mrs. M. Fallon and Mrs. Dora. Bowe of
Scrar'ton, Pa., a native of County Mayo.
Ireland. (Scranton and Archbald papers
please copy.)
E?"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 549 Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
QUAID— In this city. October 18. 1901. William
II., beloved son of Margaret and the late
William Quald, and brother of the late Dan-
iel and John J. Quald, a native of Virginia
City, Nev., aged 37 years 2 months and 3
days.
C3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 242 Natoma street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. !
RYAN- In this city, October IS, 1901, James,
dearly beloved huvband of Mary Ryan, and
father of Robert, James T.. Michael, Delia
mil Maria Ryan and Mn. T. L. Castello of
Los Angelefl, a native of County Galway,
Ireland, aged 63 years.
ICXFrlentlH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30' o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 31' Marlposa tcrruce, off Harrison
street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
in..i"M will be celebrated for the repone of hi*
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SAVAQE-In thin city, October 15, 1001, Anna
M. Savage (nee Rledel), beloved wife of Ed-
ward Savage, mother of Harold G. Savage,
daughter of George and Anna M. Rledel. and
slater of Roale K. Rletlel, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 10 months and 25
day*.
E~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resl-
donce of her parents, 204"! Taylor street,
between Filbert and Greenwich. Interment.
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
THEACY— In this city, October 20, 1901, Mar-
garet I'\. beloved daughter of John and Kate
Treacy, and sister of Thomas, John, James.
Katie, Kiln and Josle Treacy, a native of
Ban Francisco, aged 17 years 9 months and 23
days,
WAQENER-In thin city, October 20. 1901,
KranclH Otto, dearly beloved husband of the
late Am»lla Wagener and father of Emll,
Robert, Bertha and Arnes Wagener, a native
of Hamburg, Germany, aged 74 years B
month*, ami S days. (New York papers
I>|ea«e cony.)
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.When the barkeeper eeta out Jesse Moore
"AA" he glvei the customer the best in the
Jolly Time Is Being Prepared by
the I/ocal Association of
Retailers.
Retail grocers aro busy men Just now.
To be sold by December 31, 1901, at prices
that will astonish all. San Francisco
House, Market street, between Ninth and
Tenth, opposite St. Nicholas -HoteL •
S40,000 Worth of Genuine Columbus
Buggy Company's Vehicles
FUN FOR GROCERS
AjND THEIR GUESTS
Captain McNeil of the McNeil Launch
Company, whose boat was reported cap
sized by the ferry-boat Sausalito Saturday
night, reports that the affair was greatly
exaggerated by the passengers. He says
that the launch, was not struck, although
the escape was narrow, and that no one
on board was thrown into the water. Cap
tain McNeil' also states that he was not
on the launch, at the time 'of its narrow
escape from collision. . . v __
Did Not Collide.
The "Pleasure-Seekers' Clambake", at
Paradise Cove yesterday was completely
successful and was attended by a large
number of guests. As the invitation stated
there were "good things to eat and good
things to drink."
Merry Clambake.
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10. inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For timetables, descriptive literature and
fuir information call at Santa Fe offices,
641 Market St., and ferry depot.
Special Bates
Mrs. Thorpe, a middle-aged wcjman, and
her two children, aged respectively 5 and
7 years, arrived here last night from
North" Dakota and being penniless were
given lodgings in the City Prison. About
two years ago'Mrs. Thorpe was divorced
from her husband, who conducts a bar
ber shop in Fresno. Recently, she claims,
he wrote to her asking her to join him in
this city and remarry him. Thinking that
he meant it, Mrs. Thorpe at once packed
her trunk and taking her two children
with her started for this city. To her sur
prise her former husband failed to meet
her at the ferry as he promised. - She is
half inclined to believe that he purpose
ly failed to keep his promise.
Mrs. Thorpe Travels From North Da
kota Only to Be Disap
pointed-
An old man whose Identity is yet uncer
tain was killed by a San Mateo electric
car near the Nine-mile House yesterday
afternoon. It is supposed that he com
mitted suicide. "When the motorman first
saw him. he was sitting in the middle "of
the track. The car was traveling at a
high rate of speed and the distance to the
imperiled man was so short that the
brakes were of little service.
The motorman, as soon as he saw the
figure ahead of him, rang his bell violent
ly. Instead of arousing the man from, his
perilous position the sound of the bell did
not disturb him, and in an instant the car
struck him and knocked him several feet
from the track. The man died a short
time afterward at Ocean View. He was
severely injured about the head.
In the victim's pocket was found a pay
envelope issued from • the boiler-making
department of the Union Iron "Works. The
name on the envelope was partly erased,
but is thought to be Levette. The de
ceased was apparently 60 years of age.
and was poorly dressed.
GIVEN LODGINGS IN
THE CITY PRISON
Aged Man Is Run Over
by a San Mateo Elec
tric Car.
SITS ON TRACK
AND LOSES LIFE
Wilhelmlna Hupfeld, wife of Dr. Julius
Hupfeld, the capitalist and retired .physi
cian, passed away at her Oak-street home
in this city on Friday night at the age of
58 years. Mrs. Hupfeld had been ill for
some months, and weeks ago the physi
cians who were called into consultation
realized that there was no hope of saving
her life. Although paralysis rendered her
helpless during her closing days, she was
conscious to the last and accepted her
fate with cheerful resignation.
Dr and Mrs. Hupfeld had been married
forty years. Theirs was a beautiful wed
ded life, for, lovers always, the two score
milestones that they passed were but
Time's record of one long honeymoon.
Mrs Hupfeld was a woman of unusual
charm of character, and her demise has
brought mourning to many a household
to which her fine personality had en
deared itself. The funeral, which will
take place to-day, will be strictly private,
and in accordance with the wishes of the
deceased the body will be cremated at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Forty Years of Wedded Happiness
Ends With the Grim Reaper's
Visit.
MUS. JULIUS W. HTTPFELD
ANSWERS DEATH'S OAXL
Secretary J. M. Sullivan, of Sullivan
Bros., has got tho trade . thoroughly in
terested in every part of the city. He
has been helped materially in this by the
drummers, who are as much interested
as the grocers themselves.
The chief portion of the programme is
to be an original sketch entitled "Poli
tics in a Grocery Store. 1 ' in which the
Columbian Minstrels, whose members are
nearly all commercial travelers, will
travesty local conditions. Among the dis
tinguished amateurs who will appear are
W. W. Bracke.lt, Lloyd Spencer, Fred
Grlfflng, George Cheney, Cordle Wetjen
and a score of others. George Alpers Is
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments, Josieph A. Stulz is chairman of
the reception committee, Thomas H. Cor
coran is. to manage the floor. Each ol
the above named grocers will have a full
corps of assistants to see that every de
tail is looked out for. -
Between times given to electioneering for
the retail grocer candidates, they . are
preparing for their entertainment and
dance to be given at Odd Fellows' Hall
on Friday evening, October 25.
Stockton. Professor J. Redecair, A. Nippert,
A. D. Schmidt. P. Sumlburg, A. O. Richards
(World's Fair champion high diver).
The polo team composed of E. L. Smith, E.
A. Geddes. G. Bray. W. T. Harris. W. P.
Stockton, H.B. Kennerson and H. Seebach won
by- a score of 2 to 0.
The officers and committees who had
charge of the affair were as follows:
Officers— W. J. Hazell, irresldent; J. M. Han
ley, vice president; Harry Levison, treasurer;
Abraham Mayer, secretary, M. H. Squires D.
F. Nunan, trustees.
• Committees on entertainment, aquatic and
athletic— M. Josephson (chairman), R. H. Tur
ner, J. S. Earls. H. Scheper. D. F. Nunan,
James E. Britt Jr., P. L,. Badt, A. S. J. Maz
zinl. Ed Maher. J. Oswald, J. J. Handley.
Programme— A. Rahwyler (chairman), Dr.
A. A. Drossel, H. Levison, H. Llchtensteln,
James J. Burke.
Printing— James H. Roxburgh (chairman),
Andrew Mocker, W. F. Tillman.
Press and advertising— E. J. Lynch (chair
man), J. J. Neubarth, J. A. Zollver.
Finance and auditing— M. • H. Hernan (chair
man), J. M. Hanley, Abraham Mayer.
Treasurer i entertainment committee— M. H.
Squires.
Olympic Club— Acrobats. Ritter and O'Leary
(Professor R. Leandro, Instructor); club swing
ing, Harry Schrieber.
Boxing— Clem MiVvard, champion junateur
."ieavy- weight Pacific Coast, vs. Sam Berger;
IX. J. Leonard vs. D. A. Carroll; J. E. Brltt
Jr., champion amateur lightweight Pacific
Coast, vs. "Dick" Murphy; Dan Danziger,
champion amateur feather-weight Pacific
Coast, vs. L. Richards (Professor Van Court,
instructor).
Wrestling— Jack Splro vs. To. Haselbacher,
George Braum vs. C. Pentony, C. Jenkins vs.
George Hensley. R. Cornell vs. A. J. McKer
ron (Professor George Hiehling, instructor).
Fencing— Professor Louis Tronchet vb. E.
Ortion (Professor L. Tronchet, instructor).
Ground pyramids (Verein Kintracht)— C. EI
lenberger, Philip Knack, R. Kaulfuss, C. Gol
zene, R. Wagner, L. Scheppler, G. Witirock,
Gus Hotop, Gus Palenca C. Mertens, George
Dahmke. Paul Sauer, C. Gerlach, W. Helnlcke,
R. Martin. O. Siebold. L. Peck, C. Haas, E.
Scheppler, H. Sass; H. C. F. Stahl, leader,
VWUliam Scheppler, president; R. Kaulfuss,
turner.
Burlesque diving (Lurline • Club)— A. D.
Schmidt, L. Schultz.
High, fancy and trick diving— Professor T.
S. Geddes, W. Pomin, William Carroll, W. P.
SOME OF THE EVENTS THAT SERVED TO AMUSE* AND ENTERTAIN
THE CROWD AT THE NATIVE : SONS' ATHLETIC AND AQUATIC
CIRCUS GIVEN YESTERDAY AT SUTRO BATHS. . . \u25a0
Gus Martironi of 58 Manchester street
had a lively time yesterday afternoon
with" a number of the youths of Bernal
Heights. Martironi gave a party to a
number of his friends and while the merri
ment was at its height volleys of rocks
were hurled at his dwelling. He stood
this as long as possible, but when the
broken glass from the windows began to
mix up with the salad and put a sharp
edge on the wine. he sallied forth.
Some say that he was armed with' a
pistol and carving knife. Others say he
fired at the crowd of boys as they ran
away from him. He gave them chase, was
Intercepted by a number of citizens and
taken to the patrol box at the cornerof
Twenty-sixth and Folsom streets. Tne
Seventeen-street police station was noti
fied that a riot was in progress at Bernal
Heights and Lieutenant Anderson and a
posse of officers were soon on the scene.
The boys who were the cause of the
trouble ran away on the approach of the
police. Martironi was questioned and
denied having fired a shot or used a
knife After taking his name and address
the police allowed him to go home and
join his interrupted party.
Gus 3Cartironi Has a Lively After
l noon With Crowd of Bernal
Heights Youths.
BOYS BREAK UP A PARTY
WITH VOLLEYS OF STONES
The campaign committee of the Vete
rans of the Civil War at its meeting Sat
urday night declined to support the Re
publican, ticket as a whole. The following
were lrmorsed: John Farnham, Public
Administrator; Dr. C. A. Glover, Coro
ner; Charles E. Corey. Recorder.
The candidates for Mayor and Supervi
sors will be indorsed at a meeting to be
held to-night.
A meeting will be held at Franklin Hail,
corner of Bush and Fillmore streets, to
night. Messrs. Tobln, Lane and others
will address the gathering. A district
meeting will also be held by resident
Democrats at Mission Hall, 2131 Mission
street, this evening:.
There Is considerable speculation as to
the Mayoralty Indorsement to be taken by
the liquor men at their meeting next
Thursday evening. The impression pre
vails that neither candidate will be in
dorsed Wells and Tpbin do not . expect
the honor, and Schmitz's friends say he
has the field all to himself. The more
conservative liquor men say that an in
dorsement is unnecessary in the premises.
It is likely that the, meeting will be. an
exciting one, and the outcome will be
watched with interest by all party men.
franchises to the raiiroaa company w*»
to be subject to the will of those- with
whose assistance the nomination was con
ferred. While all this may be politics
according to the corporation view, the
people are wondering how their interests
are to be subserved by a body of men
whose fealty to the corporations was pur
chased by their nomination as candidates.
The nominees of the Union Labor party
are greatly disturbed because of their
virtuil repudiation by the Building
Trades Council. It is an open secret that
the division In the union ranks is grad
ually widening, and that unless harmony
is soon restored not a man on the ticket
will be elected. Efforts are now making
to reconcile the warring factions with a
view to harmonizing rather than dividing
the labor vote. Unless the breach be
speedily bridged conservative politicians
declare the cause of the Union Labor
ticket is irrevocably doomed.
Indorsement by Liquor Men.
The programme was as follows:
100-yard race: Lurline Club-B. B. Stolle, H.
Seebach W. P. Stockton, P. Smedburg. J. A.
Jackson.' M. Hamilton. George Dawson; Arrow
OuW Dunberg. O. ShulU J. O'Brien. C.
Augustus, H. Freeman, Roy "\ an. J. A. Jack
8 °Fancy and scientific swimming by Professor
George P. Goetze, instructor of swimming. Lur
line Baths. March, "Dewey's Victory." (Lee
J °Paraliei bars. San Francisco Turn Vereln-
TVlliam Hoffmin. H. Meyers, Herman .Sturm.
I* Trost. Julius Baumgarten, J. Meyers, Lud-
W L^d™p'yramlds (Professor Hans Goetz, in
structor-Fred Zecher. Theodore Planz, Carl
The boxing matches took place on the
big platform in the center of the spa
clous bath house. Gus Ruhlin, the Akron
Giant, was quite an attraction as the ref
eree of all the bouts. Jim Jeffries was
scheduled to assist bis next opponent, but
he could not get away from his training
quarters at Harbin Springs. The Olympic
Club wVestlers gave a clever exhibition
and the ground and ladder pyramid work
of the Verein Eintracht athletes was
highly commendable.
Adolph Kahn and some 250 pounds of
avordupois created no end of mingled
fright and amusement in the gallery by
falling overboard In his street garb and
feigning the antics of a drowning man.
Kahn, who is one of the best swim
mers on- the coast, struggled around in
the water until two of his fellow, club
men jumped in after him. They clutched
him by the hair and dragged him close
to the edge of the tank, where he was
thrown a life preserver and dragged on
the platform. There were many in the
galleries who thought it was a genuine
accident, but the farce was exposed when
one of Kahn' s companions stepped on his
stomach. He spouted salt water Ike a
whale, much to the amusement of all the
SI A Ct SundDerg. a high diver, was stunned
in making a plunge from the top diving
gallery, but otherwise the day was de
void of accidents. The swimming races
were won as follows:
100-yard dash-W. Stockton; 50-yard dash-P
Sundberg; 100-yard race between Lurline and
Arrow CTub members-J. O'Brien Arrow Club;
30-yard race between Lurline and Arrow Club
members— A. D. Schmidt.
Peter Lynch, the union teamster who
was shot during an attack on two colored
non-union men at Eleventh and Harrison
streets on July 30, died yesterday after
noon.from the effects of the wound.
Lynch, who was over 50 years of age,
was walking along Harrison street, and
when near Eighth he noticed a crowd of
strikers attacking two non-union team
sters named Roscoe Home and William
Ferguson. After being assailed with
stones the colored men drew their revol
vers and fired into the crowd. One of the
bullets struck Lynch in the groin. He
was at once removed to his home at 352
Eleventh street and the family physician
summoned. For a time the unfortunate
man seemed to be on the road to recovery,
and his family, consisting of a wife and
seven children, were correspondingly
happy. About a week ago blood-poison
ing set In and the worst was expected.
Shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon Lynch breathed his last.
When the police heard of the death of
Lynch Detective Crockett was sent to ar
rest Home and Ferguson. They were
found In the Palmer House on Broadway
and Sansome street and placed under ar
rest. On being* told that Lynch had passed
away they expressed surprise, as they had
been informed that he was out of danger.
They will be arraigned in Judge Fritz's
court to-day on a charge of murder.
Was Shot During an Attack by Strik
ers on Colored Non-TJnion
Teamsters.
AGED PETKR LYNCH
DIES FKOM WOUND
The remarkable speech delivered by Asa
R. Wells at Metropolitan Temple Satur
day evening was generally discussed In
rolitical and business circles yesterday.
The profundity of thought It displayed,
its wonderful depth of reasoning, its
lucidity and forceful logic have comblnou
to stamp Mr. "Wells as a campaign orator
whose talents would put the blush oi
envy upon the brazen cheek of a dime
museum sj>ieler.
The Republican nominees who heard
Mr. Wells pay a tribute to the malodorous
"solid nine" and to the present Board of
Supervisors, whose big surplus he re
garded as an excellent campaign docu
ment, are wondering if the gentleman who
aspires to the Mayoralty was- not seized
with that species of stage fright which
in the classic language of Richard Mans
field "makes one feel like the deuce of
spades with the spots rubbed off."
On no other hypothesis can they ex
plain Mr. Wells' irruption of prattle and
inanities, the conspicuous merit of which
was its utter absence of anything like
a thought worthy of imagination of a
bronze statue. His declaration that he
had served time at the City I'all was
generally regarded as a witticism, but it
loses its force under the burden of the
depressing conviction that the time was
not spent 10 advantage,
Mr. Wells' speech was a gem of its
kind, but the quality was nothing that
the most obsequious kowtowing political
parasite would care to brag about. That
it was worthy of Mr. Wells, all agree;
but that it was worthy of a nun who has
been in the public harness for three years,
imbibing knowledge of municipal affairs
with which to fortify himself for the dis
charge of the manifold duties of Mayor,
no sane man is willing to admit. In his
Xirst public discussion of tne local cam
paign issues the gentleman proved be
yond Question his thorough uniitness for
the distinguished office to which his vault
ing ambition aspires.
"Wells' Attitude Quiescent.
It is generally conceded that Mr. Wells
outlined by his silence his quiescent atti
tude toward the burning issues of the
campaign. Whether he intends to reduce
the price of gas and water to consumers,
or see to It that the Geary-street railway
franchise reverts to the city on Its expira
tion are secrets hidden In his breast
Whether it is his intention if elected
Mayor to Increase the public school facili
ties or carry to completion many needed
public improvements, wh»ch include the
construction of sewers and the paving of
streets, is left exclusively to the imagi
nation of the dear public •whose votes he
solicits. What he thinks of the extrava
gant Board of Public Works and of the
Civil Service Commission, in relation to
which his hired shouters are clamoring
for reform, tie studiously keeps to him
self.
What his attitude If elected will be
toward the granting of franchises to rail
way corporations in accordance with
charter provisions Mr. Wells alone knows,
if, indeed, he ever gave that Important
subject sf passing thought. While his hear
ers were awaiting with anxiety for his
views upon these weighty subjects now
occupying the attention of all citizens Mr.
Wells delivered himself of platitudes.
Instead of discussing topics of general
interest he told how he worked four vears
at $10 a month and was nevertheless en
abled to show a surplus at .the end of that
period. In his next breath he stultifies his
own party by furnishing his meed of praise
for the present Board of Supervisors, the
majority of which is Democratic, because
of its surplus at the close of the past
fiscal year.
He condemned his official course as Au
ditor for permitting the Supervisors to
spend $12,000,000 after the ante-election
promise of the members to run the affairs
of the city at a cost not to exceed $4,000,
* 000 a year. Then by way of variety he
paradoxically alluded to the Mayor as
being harmless unless he was surrounded
by Supervisors who operated harmonious
ly with him. He concluded finally with
the statement that if he is given a Board
of Supervisors of the same political faith
as himself "he thinks he could do as
well." And so he proceeds in a discourse
which is hopelessly devoid of sense or rea
son until thanks are cordially expressed
for a reception whose frigidity chilled the
suffering audience and his fellow nomi
nees to the very marrow.
Candidates Are Disappointed.
Several of the Republican candidates ex
pressed their disappointment quite openly
yesterday. In some instances the fear
was expressed that Mr. Wells* candidacy
seriously menaced the success of the
ticket. One candidate for Supervisor stat
ed that if Mr. Wells was allowed to make
another speech the Republican ticket was
hopelessly lost. It Is unlikely that Man
ager Cobb will allow his employer to make
any other address during the campaign
and an assurance to that effect will be
necessary to revive the flagging courage
of the Republican nominees
It has developed that the Republican
Supervisorial nominees were pledged to a
definite course of action toward the rail
way, gas and water companies through
the agency of Jerry Burke, a Democratic
politician in the service of Mr. Herrin of
the Southern Pacific Company Be'or*
the men selected by Kelly and "the vari
?i^ O I? O iT atlons w il e eIven thelr nomina
>Rm^J Was ma^ e to un <Je"tand that
his official course relative to the fixing of
gas and water rates and the grantinf of
4uiescent Attitude Toward Live Is
sues Causes Speculation as to Pol
icy He "Will Follow Regard
ing Local Questions.
Failure to Outline Policy Is
Made the Basis for
Criticism. -
Two holdups, evidently by the same
man, occurred early yesterday morning
In the vicinity of Stockton and Broadway.
Charles Romano, feT barber living at 744
Broadway, was within a few feet of his
home about 1 o'clock yesterday morning
when he was approached by a man wear
ing a mask made of a piece of a pink
shirt..
"Throw up your hands," ho said, as he
pointed a pistol at Romano.
Instead of complying, Romano grabbed
the pistol and a lively struggle ensued.
The would-be robber was a strong, man/
but Romano, who, during the struggle,
was loudly calling for the police, was get
ting the better of. his assailant, when,
noticing an officer approaching, by a final
effort the robber succeeded In getting the
weapon away from Romano.
Officer Peshon came up at this" time and
gave chase, but lost his man In one of the
dark alleys that abound in the neighbor
hood. During the struggle the mask
worn by the robber was dropped and is
now in the custody of the police. Romano
was severely bruised during the struggle,
having been knocked down, but plucklly
continued the fight. • •
About fifteen minutes later, Antonio
Garpia, who was passing through the
same neighborhood, was held up by a
man wearing a white silk handkerchief
for a mask. Garpia was covered by a
revolver in the hands of the thief and
yielded up 45 cents. He was told to walk
on and as he '.urned a corner his assail
ant disappeared.
Garpia notified the police at once and
the description given of the thief by him
and Romano tally very closely. He is
described as being about five feet eight
inches in height, weighing 160 pounds and
broad-shouldered. A search of the neigh
borhood was made for him a second time,
but he was not found.
His Latest Utterances
Inspire Fears of
Defeat..
STURDY and skillful athletes par
ticipated In the Native Sons' re
lief fund athletic and aquatic
circus which was given yester
day afternoon at Sutro Baths.
An exceptionally large crowd surged
through the turnstiles to witness one of
the best entertainments of its kind ever
given in this city. The cleverest athletes
from the Olympic Club, San Francisco
Turn Vereln, Verein Eintracht and the
Dolphin. Ariel and other boating and
swimming clubs performed their various
feats and were roundly applaud**! by the
large audience. All of the amateur box
ing champions of the Pacific Coast ap
peared in three-round bouts with clever
opponents.
Scheihlng. Ernest Trost. August Schuppert,
William Pahl, Carl Trost. William Hoffman,
L. C. Spiegel. Julius Baumgrarten, Valentine
Stender, Joe Meyers, Herman Steinbruck, Her
man Sturm. Louis Trost, Charles Scharbacher.
Boxing matches— Al Neill, Ariel Rowing Club,
middle-weight champion Pacific Coast, vs.
Harry Foley. champion amateur middle-weight
Pacific Coast; Kddie Hanlon. Ariel Rowing
Club, champion bantam-weight Pacific Coast,
vs. Tommy Gilfeather, South End, Bowing
Club; welter-weights, A. Fincke vs. Chris
Lutz. - .
Canoe race— J. D. Farrell, Frank Curry and
Alex Pape; red. white and blue show.
Monte Cristo act — Professor George P. Goetze.
Trick sculling— Alex Pape, champion oars
man of the Pacific Coast.
Set-to (middle-weights)— Prank Raffael,
champion of Alaska, vs. Jack O'Brien, cham
pion of Pacific Coast.
Fancy and trick Juggling— Louis Myers.
First ' Wears Pink Disguise
and Then Substitutes ;
White One.
Robber Assails Two Men
in Short Space of ,,-Y
Time.
Crowds of Interested Spectators Pass Through Turnstiles Into Sutro
Baths to Witness the Native Sons' ..'Circus— Clever Boxers,
Wrestlers, Swimmers and High Divers Appear in Carnival
ASA R. WELLS'
FIRST SPEECH
CAUSES ALARM
CHANGES MASKS
ON HIS VICTIMS
STURDY ATHLETES SHOW THEIR
SKILL IN AID OF RELIEF FUND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1901.
10
gOLDBIBg. B0WT5 * CO'S 8PICIAI. aATIJta 8AU
Eggs
Cold storage— for
cooking doz*n 2£C
Z i n f a n d e 1
Mountain vineyard — an elegant
wine to dilute with water— 4 OC
rich body — worth 75c gallon
H am a me 1 i s
K pint 15c— pint 25c quart 40c
Nail brush
Stiff bristles— durable— 2 OC
reg'ly 3oc-«xtra value .
Hair . b r u s h
Loonen— don't miss this — j& f\er
reg'ly 90c U 5 C
New goo d s
Bloater mackerel— big \u25a0'wal-
nuts — Smyrna figs — maple
kisses— fruit wafers — pre-
served tomatoes — iresh
frogs legs
Send for catalogue
4)2 Pine *9)i Sutter 2800 California San Fraactse*
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
CONTINUATION SALE
LAST WEEK
-OP THE GRAND
AUCTION
I ORIENTAL
RUGS
MONDAY. OCTOBER H.
And dally at 2 p. m., only on« «a!e and
that In tbe afternoon.
Tour last rotden opportunity. Ask the
WO buyers during- the last week; they will
tell you what bis bargains can be obtained \u25a0
at this auction. ; j
M. B. MIHRAN. J
332 POST ST.. near Powell. J
»^iNi^8^ 'S T "£ hatUral reading
f. PW^OISTANCE NEARER OR FURTHER
'i^abHopmai and Heeds iHvestigatioM
CALL amo SEE US .
Opticians pho to6RA 5J?pli«s
- -iMDEH CHROHICIE BUILDUP.
PI I , SS CURED. No surgery
M M Wk/W or delay. Names or
(0 prominent business men sent as reference.
600 cares in 8. F. For particulars address
FHTS1CIAN. box 1350, Call «£flca.
We call particular attention
to ovr display this week of
Fine White and Colored filan-
Kets. These Blankets are
made to our special order
and on examination will be
found the best values ever
offered by us.
SPECIMEN VALUES:
5 cases White All-Wool Blankets for single
§§§§ $3.75 Pair.
.4- cases White All-Wool Blankets for three-
auarter Ms. _, _ .
$4.25 Pair.
7 cases White All-Wool Blankets for full-size
*
$5.OP Pair.
5 cases Extra Large White Satin Finish Bed
Spreads, hemmed readu for use.
$2.50 Each.
10 cases Full Size Printed Silkoline Comfort-
ers! with pure snow flake filling.
$1.25 Each.
Best Brands of Sheeting, Pillow Case Cotton
and Made Sheets and Pillow Cases at less
than present mill prices,
i^pmti III
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
80LSBESQ. BO WEN ft CO'S SPECIAL SAVING SALS
gOlDBERG
BDWEN
Sparklets
A soda fountain at home carbonates
any beverage you like best in just a
minute ,
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
S a rdines
French — boneless — „ r__ . -_
reg'ly 25c large can " 2 tor 45 C
Lucca oil
Sublime — reg'ly 60c r rr
large bottle W.j
tPash a. -coffee.
Some prefer it to Java & . it. e rr .
Mocha-re&My 35c lb 2 lbs 55 C
Tomato catsup'
Natural flavor — .... ice
reg'ly 20c bottle >>
Molasses
New Orleans— good quality— f cc
reg'ly 75c gallon can J ->
B o u 1 lion
Anker capsules — celery flavor — 2 CC
reg'ly 30c box of ten J
Olives
California green ripe — « oc
reg'ly 40c K gallon 3
Curry
Vencatachellum— Madras— ; o f r "
reg'ly 30c bottle - *J^
Castile soap
Virgin— white— French 2 cc
reg'ly 30c bar J ,
C h u t n e y
The genuine Bombay— i \u25a0nints ioc
condiment-reg'ly 40c— P mrS 3 OC
60c bottle quarts 50c
_.P runes
tart-^regMy we lb' 3$ lbs 2 5 C
S t u f * f e d olives
Mignons— stuffed with v^**i
pimientos bot "C IOC
Jams jellies
Sweet Briar— : ; '
reg'ly 20c 2 lb can "~ £§fc 5 C
N e w figs.
„, , , • "*> special
First shipment lb 25c 20c
fromSymma 1 lb box 30c ' - gg; 1 re
Bra ndy
California-pure- y
reg'ly $1 bottle— $4 gallon $ <>
Vy n 1 s k y
WHMcBrayer- 4 '
c , edar Brook-reg'Iy $1 50 bottle* 1 l $
$0 gallon _ 4 cq
] have been our special
study for twenty-five
years. Hence, we make
\u25a0 no mistakes in fitting
: glasses to the eyes. If
i you are thinking of get-
1 ting glasses you will make
I no mistake in coming to
\u25a0 us. .•
Note our address,
glJ\te08Prj£tt6
2i7K&rneySkS.f.