PRICE F1YE CENTS.*
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAX 16J 1901;
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 167.
.Tl/fRS. MeKINLEY is in c
I vJl very critical condition, anc
three doctors are in almos,
¦onstant attendance at her bedsidi
it the residence of Henry T. Scott
on Laguna and Clay streets. Tfa
President remains by the bedside 0}
his sick wife.
He Will Remain Here Ind finitely, as the ||piS^S?|^.SI^^^SISfil®i^^^^
not Forecast Result of the Illness That Has Prostrated Lady of the White
House, and No Move Will B 3 Made That \'Mi^ht|vEnd^ngep : ,.Het; ; tife.
Nation's Chief Devotedly Watches at the Bedside While Entire
Country Waits for- Intelligent From thi vSiefe Room
«A T AN 6ARLY HOUR THIS MORNING^t was learned at the Scott residence that Mi^.McKinley was in a most critical condk^ the gravest
/^ doubts are entertained as to her recovery.
A The President's wishes are that, as far as he is concerned, all functions, public or social, should be canceled, and that he will not par
ticipate in'any such events in this city as arranged. The tour of the President ended last -..night^ and^ it is^impossible to state'when he will leave San
Francisco. From now on the President will remain with his wife, and this city/is temporarily
Mrs. McKinley has been in frail health for many years, and while the slight \imppoyemeht in her/Condition reported yesterday means much in her
case, the attending physicians do not dare to prognosticate» "
The President has been overwhelmed with telegrams from the various States, cities and towns he was ( to have visited after leaving San Fran
cisco. The residents of al! these localities, while disappointed in not having a i chance to welcome the President, express the deepest sympathy for
him and for his wife, and are willing to forego everything for thfe sake of the Chief Executive and his^stricken helpmate".
The President will not take part in the launching of tlie battleship Ohio, and the Knights^Templar, having learned his wishes, will abandon their
proposed parade. ,
Affairs of state will be attended to by the head of the nation, but public and social functions will be cast aside in order that the President may be
close to his beloved wife in the hour of her affliction. '
MRS. WILLIAM MKINLEY IS IN A ¥ERY CRITICAL CONDITION
PRESIDENT McKINLEY CHANGES
ALL ENGAGEMENTS OWING TO THE CRITICAL
CONDITION OF HIS MUCH BELOVED WIFE
STUDENTS CH5ER SECRETARY HAY, WHO SPOKE INSTEAD OF PRESIDENT.
There . has been hat little
change in Mrs. 3IcKinley's
condition^ since last niprht. She
ha«» grained ' in some ' respects
and lost' in 'others. ..
The President will - remain .
quietly at Mr. Scott's residence
to-day 'and . will not take part .
in';' any -. of ' the exercises ' pro-'
grammed for him. •
'¦¦..:¦' ¦ i
p m -^ WE^VE thousand . people full
| of expectancy and enthusiasm
I attended the commencement ex
| ercises of the graduating class
J^ of , 1S01 at the University of
California at Berkeley yesterday
morning. The majority. went not
to much for any Epecial interest they
might have in the exercises themselves,
( but because President McKlnley was pro-
V "rammed to address the ' students. , Most
» \
elaborate preparations had been made for
the occasion and this commencement da^.
gave promise of being an historic event in
univeVeity. affairs. .
From j' Ban Francisco,, from Oakland,
from Alameda and other nearby cities the
early boats and trains carried the eager."
public. to the university town,'-"L«6ng.be
fore ; the . hour ee f for the. opening . of .' the
exercises the stadium, specially construct
ed on the .university grounds, T was floored
and tiered ,with humanity. • On, the stage
regents, professors, alumni, patrons of the
university. State and .city officials sat in
allotted "; sections. ..; All j were, .waiting pa
tiently. Then cariie the President's party.,
In Blow, procession, the j carriages could be
seen .through the . trees and . an, advance
cheer went up from. : the students' bleach
,ers. ..' ' \ "• .'..
; Under the central canopy three leathern
Students Are Disappointed at McKinley's Inability to Attend Commence
ment Exercises, but Give Distinguished Visitors From; the East a
Rousing Welcome Worthy of the Great University of California
SECR ETAR Y HAY REPRESENTS
THE PRESIDENT AT BERKELEY
Continued on Third' Page.
>jr -Continued -on Third i- Page.
Secretary Cortelyou'also issued the t ol-
Sir*. McKinley's «erloas ill
nesii' compels the .President: to
abandon ' bis proposed vtnit to
otlier 'States,- to. -»vliich he; had
looked' forward 'with so much
pleasure. '; As soon aiMn.'Mc-
Kinley's i health .'will permit . he
will returu . to '¦ TVashinston by
the most direct ' route. -
A ....' S ; announced • exclusively.- In ; The
/% <• Call yesterday, the condition of
I . V. Mrs. McKlnley' Is so alarming'
/ \ that the '-Pr"esident> has been
A. A. compelled to cancel . all - his en
gagements •:• and will /. remain
with^hls wife.. ¦¦!".•'¦. ¦¦':¦', •¦¦..,
1 The announcement in. The Call 'that the
President .would riot? visit .the State. Uni
versity at Berkeley. yesterday: ; aridv.that
he would riot attend < any of -, the social
functions | arranged^ In': his \. honor*;. during
the week' gave this publicthe 'first' lntinia-,
Itlon that .'Mrs.;Mcianley-'was/iri a^far
more serious conditlon.trian had been sup
posed; since her. arrival: In' this clty.\ .. \:i
exclusive cahnouncenient; of >'
. the? cancellation* by '¦ the"; President *of > the .'
.balance", of ; the week's : programme arid the l
ji The .unveiling ;bf : the, Donahue .fountain;
the visit to the State University and 'Oak
land •; and -the • 'social' functions ( attached
thereto -'were .all' given j'upt. by? the'; Presi
dent yesterday. "- He remairied : by . the _ side
of , his strlckenj wife" fsind- only • lef t ; her, to
take avwalkjforrexercise.N' .-> <.•¦-'¦'¦"'..'/ I
¦ The -bulletins issued by Private . Secre-'
tary- Cortelyou v have" been most carefully,
worded,'.' but^ the "fact- can .no longer., bo
disguised , ; that ; Mrs. McKlnley is in) such
a/ state of, health" as. to. cause the gravest
anxiety!*; . ,\ . ..'.¦*. - - •-¦ ¦'.'.'.'¦'-'
trip north was verified at 10 a. m. by tha
following!: bulletin Issued by . Secretary
Cortelyou:
"".• •¦'.'-. •¦ • ¦ /• .,
¦ lowing bulletin as to Mrs. McKlnley's con
dition: ; : .-„.-¦¦ • >
The San Francisco CallOAKLAND PEOPLE EXTEND AN ENTHUSIASTIC GREETING
TO THE DISTINGUISHED VISITORS FROM NATION'S CAPITAL
TJTFi members of the Cabinet were
the guests of Oakland yesterday,
s and they were received »with
much : enthusiasm , and entertained
.royally in spite of the general keen
disappointment felt on account of
the' President's unavoidable absence.
The guests were driven from
Berkeley, where they attended the
University of ' California commence
ment exercises, to Oakland© and
at 3 p. m. were given a reception at
the residence of United States Senator
George C. Perkins. A parade escorted
them to the High School building,
' where ' Secretary Hay, representing
President "BIcKinley, addressed a
large audience in the open air. A
publicreception followed the speech
making and *the distinguished vis
itors were greeted by many citizejis
of Oakland. A company of infantry
reached the scene late, as the tug on
which they were being brought from
the city struck fi. mudbank.
SNAPSHOTS OF THE PRESIDENTIAL PARTY AT BERKELEY AND IN OAKLAND.
Continued on : Page Three.
Continued- or. Pago Three.
Bend no money, but write Dr.Shoop.Racine.WU.,
boxl37,for six bottles of '. Dr.Bhoop** Restorative;
express paid.' " If curedLsar S5.fi!>— It not.lt la £ree*
If 'You Have^ Dyspepsia
Gates' attention" was called to a dispatch
from Chicago stating that he was promot
tlng, a combination of the ' outside steel
concerns/ It is said that associated with
him were John Lambert 'and Isaac 1/Ell
wood arid that the new company /was to be
a competitor of J.'Pierpont Morgan's big
trust.; -.; -V' ¦- ; ¦ - . '
/"That steel' story is another hot air
yarn,',' said < Mr. Gates. \ "Tdu can deny
that right "off ; the reel/ •' I /know \ nothing
about "combinations , of J- stocks." . /. ¦ ¦
'John Lambert; an associate of John W.
Gates; in ..the /American Steel" and Wire
Company, , also - denies ¦ that he and Gates
are /trying to •effect a combination of
Colorado : Fuel, Tennessee Coal and i Iron
and • other . kindred companies. , He • said :
/•'The " intimation • that . we seek to fight
the .; United 1 *- States Steel , Corporation » is
manifestly, absurd, for the reason that we
are largely Interested in that corporation.
The only, one of . the companies ' mentioned
in ¦¦: the ' western dispatches ; in which we
are Interested . is ! Colorado Fuel and Iron.
We • are in : that company ; to " do business
and; not to : fight United -States Steel, or
sellout , to It. v
NEW YORK; May 15.— John >W.| Gates
and. -Mrs. .'Gates .sailed for : Southampton
to-day, on the steamship St. ILotiis. Be>
fore sailing. Gates took -occasion to deny
again that he had been short of Northern
Paclflciv ........ ; ;-; . : . . ; ;• ,.
GATES NOT. FIGHTINa '
'¦:>[•:¦¦ THE STEEIT COBPOItATIOK 1
Enj oy : a '. Delicious ' Lunch.
A short half hour was the time allotted
for the reception/ but everything was so
well conducted that not only did each one
present have an opportunity to give an in
dividual greeting, but the distinguished
guests ' were ' enabled to partake of a de
licious j punch and ' to " enjoy a cursory
glance about the beautiful 'grounds sur
rounding Senator Perkins' elegant home.
"An object -. of i particular ¦ Interest to , the
.party, was a tree which has grown to its
0AKLAND, May- 13. — The
social portion of the visit of
the President's p,arty to Oak
land took place at Palm
Knoll, the beautiful home of
Senator George C." Perkins.
This ' served as a pleasant
break in the drive to Oakland and a point
where the Oakland committee of arrange
ments and 'the. ladles 'of the Senator's
household and the committee could meet
the distinguished visitors. *
„ The President's party arrived at the
home of Senator Perkins promptly, at 2:43.
Long "bef oro that hour, however, the
streets surrounding. Palm Knoll were
thronged with people, hoping to the very
last that the President might come. '. In
spite of the general disappointmejit, how
ever. Secretary Hay and ¦ those : ' accom
panying him received a most . cordial
greeting from the assembled multitude
without the gates and a welcome from
Senator Perkins and those gathered un
der Ms roof that was typical of Califor
nian hospitality. At the threshold the
noted visitors were introduced by the
Berkeley committee to the Oakland re
ception committee, >who from that moment
became responsible for the entertainment
of the honored guests. Senator Perkins In
troduced the party to Mayor Barstow and
Edson 1 F. . Adams, who, after a courteous
interchange of compliments and greeting,
performed the same agreeable • task for
the large assemblage of representative
citizens who had been Invited to meet the
distinguished visitors.
. The wives of nearly all the reception
committee were present,' as well as many
of Miss Perkins* young friends, who- had
been Invited to receive with her. Aalda
from the . disappointment of not meeting
President McKinley, the reception was a
most enjoyable affair. Eleararrt gowns)
were worn by the ladies. Tho gown worn
b> r Mrs. Georfce C. Perkins waa a very
handsome one of royal blue satin, elab
orately trimmed with chiffon and Persian
embroidery.' • • - ... -
Miss Mae Perkins was exquisitely
f owned in a Princess robe of cream crepe
e Francal3e, made over cream taffeta.
The yoke and sleeves .were of gold-thread
ed renaissance lace over white- chiffon.
The crepe skirt waa- finished with points
which fell softly over pleatings of chiffon..
Panels of lace and appliqued medallions
Many Ladles Present.
present large size from a willow - slip
brought by Senator Perkins from th*
grave of Washington seven years, ago* Mr.
Hay was much Interested and said:
•'So you have something always here, on
tho Veraon Heights of Oakland, to remind
you of the great man who rests at that
other Mount Vernal far away."
After the reception the party re-entered
their carriages to be driven through Oak
land.
The decorations of Palm Knoll wera
tasteful In the extreme. Over the wida
entrance a large silken flag- was draped
and signal flags of the marine servlc*
were arranged to form words of welcome.
A large picture of the President over the
portico waa draped with the national col
ors and flags fluttered gaily everywhere
A white canvas had been laid from tho
doorway to the carriage* drive and was
outlined on either side with large growing
plants of maidenhair fern. 'Within great
quantities of roses and carnations, reef and
white, and lilies were . artlstlcallv ar
ranged about the handsomely furnished
apartments. In the billiard room cham
pagne, punch and other cooling refresh
ments were served, and in ¦ the din
ing room tho beautifully decorated table
.was laden with ices and numerous other
delicacies. -
Colonel John P. Irish ' in this move.
Colonel . Irish agreed to go to the .Scott
residence, where the President is staying,
and see if eome time, no matter how
short, could not be given to Oakland.
Colonel- Irish went to San Francisco, con
elilted with the members of , the 'Presi
dent's party and used • every effort to
bring the President here, even if only for
a few moments. But the President did
not feel that he could leave his wife's
elde, and though he expressed great re
fret that ha was compelled to disappoint;
'. |ili III i «lii mir«l|»illl fall* H ii ii— ¦ '
Mission Is Futile.
Edson F. Adams, the chairman of. the
general committee, enlisted the interest of
OAKLAND, May 15.— For the
second time Oakland has
been disappointed in its ex :
pectation of an opportunity
to greet the nation's Presi
dent. # For the second time
special arrangements have
been made and for the second time the
President did not come, to the great dis
appointment of the loyal citizens.
The first disappointment was ten years
ago when President Harrison made his
rush through Oakland and In the midst of
the parade ordered his driver to bolt the
line and leave at once for San Francisco,
declining to appear before the thousands
who had come to greet him. ...
The circumstances surrounding the In
ability of President William McKinley to
visit Oakland were vastly different, and
while the people were disappointed there
waa coupled with that disappointment
sincere regret at the illness of Mrs. Mc-
Kinley* that prevented the visit.
Word reached Oakland early that Mrs.
McKinley was worse and that the Presi
dent would not be able to come either to
Berkeley or Oakland. The Oakland* citi
zens were eo anxious to have the Presi
dent come to this city, even if only for a
few moments, that they sent a special
delegation to San Francisco to see if he
could ( not be prevailed upon to come to
Oakland for half an hour and drive about
the decorated (streets.
Oakland he felt that he could not leave
Mrs. McKinley.
And bo Colonel Irish returned to Oak
land with the news that the President's
presence was impossible. • •' -•• : ''
It was decided to carry out the - pro
gramme as originally planned and allow
the Presidential party,to see Oakland and
meet a few of its citizens. This was dpne,
and it showed how perfect had been lth«
arrangements for handling: the party and
the crowds. The crowds were 'great and
the day was perfect, * and everything
seemed to have arranged Itself for a tre
mendous celebration. It\ would have been
the largest and most memorable demon
stration that ever took place In Oakland
had it not been for the- absence of the
President. \
•"infantry Escort Delayed.
I The trir> from Berkeley was accom
plished without Incident. The visitors
were guided by Chief of Police Hodgkina
of Oakland In person. The arrival at Sen
ator Perkins* residence was practically on
time. There the stay was carefully timed
and the trip through the^streeta of Oak
land and to the High School was made
with the loss of but a few minutes. The
speeches at the High School were only
those of regret at the absence of the Pres
ident.
•"Infantry Escort Delayed.
The only hitch was In the late arrival
of two companies of the Eleventh Infan
try. • ' They were sent over - on the . Mc-
Dowell. The captain sot out of the chan
nel and stuck in the mud, and the de
tachment had to meet the party en route.
They tried to find their way about the
streets of Oakland and got lost, but they
joined the party ¦• before It " reached the
High School. .
The decorations were excellent, despite
the failure ' of the : original contractor to
carry out his agreements. By extra ef
forts the committees secured enough out
side help 'to overcome the • handicap, and
Oakland presented . a very gay . appear
ance. The arrangements ¦ for the : recep
tion were excellent and the work of the
general, committee and the sub-commit
tees proved most satisfactory. •• The po
licing of the city was well done, consider
ing . the small force of officers ; available.
Chief of Police Hodgkins divided the town
OAKLAND, May 15.— The pub
lic school children made a
brave showing in spite of
the report that the President
would not be able to take
part in the parade. Many of
• the knowing ones stayed at
hoi_o, but there were other thousands
along the. line of march, gay with color
and enthusiastically waving their flags,
serenely confident that their cheers were
reaching McKinley's ears. The consensus
of opinion among the small tots appeared
to be that the gentleman wearing the
cocked hat and numerous medals must be
the President. *
Each pupil was given a small flag by his
or her teacher. They were stationed by
schools along the route of the procession
from Nineteenth and Webster to Thir
teenth and Jackson. All along the curb
they stood «nd overflowed upon the
lawns on either" side of the street. The
high wall around the Beldcn place at
Nineteenth and Jackson was packed with
the children from the Durant and Cole
schools, who viewed the procession from
a point of vantage. ¦•'..'•¦
Grouped by Schools.
The children were grouped in .the fol
lowing order, beginning with the most
southerly school on Jackson street: Bay
School; on the west side of Jackson near
Thirteenth; north of the Bay School the
Peralta School, next the Temescal School
and next tho Piedmont. Opposite the
Piedmont was the Prescott School and
from there to the end of the street at
Nineteenth were the Franklin," Swett,
Garfleld and Lincoln schools in the order
named. Around the corner on -the north
side 'of Nineteenth street -followed the
Lafayette, tho Tompklns and Grove Street
schools' in that order.'.
Next to the Piedmont School on the
west side of Jackson street was the Har
rison School contingent; next the Clawaon
and the Durant children at the corner of
Nineteenth 3treet; around on the «outh
side of Nineteenth street the Cole and
Grant schools. ' ¦
After the parade /had passed by thou
sands of the school children Joined the
throng on i Broadway or at the • High
School,' where the afternoon's speech
maklng was done. I. ........,.,,
Arrangements Perfect.;
The committee's arrangements at the
High School were perfect. The streets ad
jacent to the building were blockaded and
the policing of the big crowds which
gathered about the structure was' excel
lent. The military and naval escort to the
visiting members of the Cabinet and the
remainder of the Presidential • party was
drawn up on Twelfth street facing the
school > in a long line at : "present arms"
when Secretary. Hay, Mayor. Barstow and
Edson F. Adams,, chairman of the execu
tive committee on arrangements, alighted
from their . carriage. -.¦-, The "• others '-< In the
party followed and were ushered? into the
principal's rooms by. the members of the
local committee headed -.by '-Thomas'* 1 - T
Dargie, Harry F. Gordon,. John 'Mitchell
Clarence . Crowell, William • E." Dargie and
others. '-, "V ' ' ; ¦ ~ . ;
v The i front of the building was covered
with American flags. The. Interior.- was a
bower jof floral beauty. The hallways and
stairways had been buried' in greenery
and the principal's apartments were frag
mnMfi jntwi NiMH it i itmiim* i i«i»n'»^ -¦ ¦ w _
More cheers . greeted the Postmaster
Generalas he. closed and then the crowd
slowly sifted aw.iy as tho visitors retired
within the building. Tho military escort
was re-formed and then the guests took
carriages and were driven in parade to
the foot of Broadway, where they em
barked for San Francisco. - ¦ .';.' .
It is a source of profound , regret to all of
us that the President Is unable to be here.
No one - can - stand In : his place or represent
him. I am gure your hearts go out -to him
with love, affection ¦ and devotion as he stands
by the bedside of his beloved and invalid wife.
The cordiality . and loyalty you show ! in your
welcome is : a touching spectacle. We .have
seen the beautiful flowers and the luscious
fruits- of your State. We have .looked upon
your great commercial metropolis and we have
now seen your beautiful city of homes and
cultured people, and we have seen your thou
sands of school children and then we have
seen that great .university which is the pride
of the State of California. ¦ 'X* ell may the
State say, as 'did the Roman matron of her
children, well may California say of her great'
universities, "these are my Jewels.". '-
As we 'have looked upon the' varied trophies
of this magnificent State, coming as we have
3000 miles from the nation's capital, to the
shores of the ocean that is destined to be tho
great American ocean, we feel a new confi
dence in. the 'destiny of our great country..
Our flag has • never been carried to : loftier
heights than during the past three years.
Never has the , name of - American .-. citizen
reached such a . significance. Our flag means
enlightenment to the people beyond pur bor
ders, and it means : enlarged markets for our
great products. I congratulate ; you, citizens
of California, that, at' the beginning of the
twentieth century you stand at the golden
gate, which will be the gateway to the great
commerce ¦ of the United States.
stand. His strong voice was heard to the
very edges of the crowd. Mr. Smith said:
rant with clusters of odorous flowers,
roses in great profusion being conspicu
ous/- . - i
Signal for Cheering.
The entrance of the Mayor with the
Secretary and - the committee upon the
large speakers' stand, was a signal for an
outburst of cheering and applause from
the great crowd that was packed into* the
court an<\ backed upon Lafayette Square.
. There were 6000 or 7000 people who as
sembled at the park and in spite of the
absence of the President- there .was a
goodly show of enthusiasm as the Sec
retary and Postmaster General Smith pre
sented the "regrets of the President to the
people. .
The speakers' stand and the platform
were covered with evergreens and ropes
of roses/ Overhead were strung to a cen
tral pole opposite the court wide bands
of red, white and blue" bunting, the whole
producing a pleasing effect. -.
The gathering crowd was regaled with
music by., a brass band during the wait
for the party. The news that the Presi
dent would not be present had . rapidly
passed along the streets and there were
few persons , in the throng who did not
know that ho was at the bedside of his
invalid wife in' San Francisco.
The crowds were- bent on a holiday,
President or no President,- so the. people
accepted the situation and. kept . down
their disappointment, 1 cheering lustily the
strong wordn from the distinguished mem
bers of the Cabinet. ¦¦ , '
Mayor Introduces Hay. .
Mayor. Barstow. on soon-aa every one
was seated, stepped to the flower-be
decked rail and addressing the crowd
said: \ .-:
"My Fellow Citizens: I have the great
honor to introduce to you John; Hay,-
Secretary of State.'.'. ' " ; . ¦
V There-- was ¦¦ a cheer as the Secretary
stepped forward. He bowed and in a clear
voice said :.¦..¦- . , • " ;¦ ? \
Fellow Citizens: I am In a' position', of;pe
culiar embarrassment to-day In taking the place
of one whom you came to see. • But I am sure
your hearts go out, to him In this hour of hla
anxiety and trouble, and that you feel with him
as do all of ue.that he is absent, with good ,
reason.' 1 < The President had hored- to be with
ycu here to-da-y to look upon your faces, and to
let' you hear the. sound of his* voice. "< r He had
hoped to come here and thank you for the gen
erosity of this magnificent welcome, ¦ for gen
erous, indeed,' has it been ever since we came
•within the borders of ; this; maKnlficsnt « State.
But unfortunately the condition of Mrs.' JIcKln
ley'a health is so serious that the President was
unable to leave her bedside. .-, >"•;.-' •-',¦¦:-•
I have been charged to express the President's
profound regret that he could not accept of your
hospitality to-day. :. Your disappointment is no
greater than his and his heart Is full of grati
tude for the most magnificent welcome that has
ever been extended to any man in this country.
i Everywhere » has devotion and patriotism been
manifested In- our. trip through California. There
l-ia loyalty to> the Government of I the -United
: States, to the constitution and to the flag of the
1 Union. , .''.'¦ ' ' V •'*¦-'¦ ' '¦ - : : " ¦.•.-¦;•¦>¦« ¦"
:¦-' This great display of the ! tl&g is like a new
flower added, to the beauty, of the many, flowers
of your glorious State.- As we drove along this
afternoon I Mayor | Barstow pointed » out ' to me , a
flag that • had I floated -' over Fort < Sumter. - Yes/
it is. the -same old -flag-: that u Captain' Myers
planted on the walls of Peking— a flag that has
never ¦¦ waved over . any ; community - 1 except 1 : in
blessinr. ¦ .•;.." '¦¦ • ¦> ' -" ¦ ¦ ' ' :¦¦'"<-"¦¦ '¦? '¦
I • came -' here • to , deliver • to : you ¦"' the t grateful ¦
. thanks of the I President I of I the - United ¦ States,
and ; now I want : to -, present ? to - you •> Charles
Emorjr Smith,' the Postmaster: General, j
/ ' ; ;. Smith Warmly Greetwi.;;
; There was a ; hearty cheer , for Postmas^
ter General Smith 'as he ; walked - to ¦ the
-- . ¦ ¦•¦ . : ¦ ¦¦'¦¦¦¦¦» ¦•' ¦¦' ¦'¦"•' :•¦•¦'¦' ¦ '--- ' ' ¦ ¦ -
2
Thousands Turn Out to Greet the Mem
bers of the President's Party Even vContinued From Page Two.
SENATOR PERKINS 1 RECEPTION, I
PRESIDENT McKINLEY AND IRVING M. SCOTT IN CONVERSATION IN
FRONT OF THE HENRY T. SCOTT RESIDENCE AND SCENES DUR
ING THE PRESIDENT'S PROMENADE. }¦ . .
An angry person in an argument roceaa
bles a cripple in a foot race.
- ; WASHINGTON, ;, May -.15.— There ; has
been 'a slight falling. off in the enlistments
for the regular army since' the withdrawal
of that '-portion' of : the ; advertisement say
ing that ' recruits and new regiments < were
being enlisted for. the Philippines.
Ariny Enlistment Falls Off.
NEW YORK, .May 15.— Russell 'A. . Alger;
former Secfetaryjof War.and Mrs. /Alger
sailed. for Europe to-day on the St. Louis.
-„ "I " am - going . over for : my health," said
General Alger, "as I have'not had a rest
since the. campaign' of- 3896. I am going
to Carlsbad and I shairremairi there some
time, returning, in' August." .
Alger on'-Way-to Europe.
Join the American Boycott.
LONDON. May 15.— A dispatch to # the
Dally Mail from Geneva asserts that ow
ing to the steel trust having caused a rise
In prices, many Swiss manufacturers have
joined the Austrian and German manu
facturers to effect, an American - boycott.
A meeting of the representatives of the
manufacturers contemplating such action
will shortly be held in Basie. when the
measures to be taken to this end will be
discussed." -\ . ¦ ¦
'LONDON, May 15. — An unofficial tele
gram from .Rosmead reports that General
Dewet is again in Cape Colony. He is
now in the Zuurberg Mountains with a
long torn. A dispatch from Naauwpoort
says that a fresh commando, numbering
100 Boers, entered Cape Colony a few days
ago, led by a rebel from Colesberg named
Lategan. , >.','
.___ — „ t
Mountains.
Takes a Commando and a Long Tom
Into, the Zuurberg
GENERAL DEWET AGAIN
INVADES CAPE COLONY
Secretary Hitchcock, Miss Hitchcock, Sam
Bell McKee and Mrs. Henry T. Gage. Seated
by Mr. McKee.
•Secretary and Miss Wilson. Mrs. Krutt
schnitt and. P. E. Bowles. Seated by ' Mr.
Bowles. ' . - . .
Major General Shatter. .Captain McKittrick,
Captain Miller and' aid and John P. Irish,
bcated by Mr. Irish.
Governor Gage, Benjamin Ide Wheeler, "Wil
liam G. Hsnshaw and Julius Kruttschnitt
Seated by Mr. Henshaw.
Assistant Secretary Barnes. A. ' J. Leonard,
Mrs. Bixey and D. E. Collins. Seated by Mr.
Collins.
Frank M. Wilson. Rufus P. Jennings, Anson
Blake and Professor Edmond O'Neill. Seated
by Mr. Jennings. ¦
James D. Phelan, Mrs. Horace Scott, Mrs.
Henry T. Scott.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles v Moore, Master Moore
and Irvine M. Scott:
Rear Admiral Melville. Frederick S. Stratton,
Laurence Irving Scott and M. A. Dlgnan. ,- ¦'
Colonel J. C. Currier, Mrs. F. S. . Stratton,
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Young, Nelson ' P.
Webster, M. C. Latta.
Howard M. Thompson, Walter E.' Clark, R.
M. Hazard, W. E. Dargie. . .
James H. Hare, R. L. Dunn, W. W. Price,
A.'-B. Nye. '
Frank ,P. Lord, H. A. : Strohmeyer, Morell
The party was seated in the i carriages
upon leaving Senator Perkins' home in the
following order: \
Secretary Hay, Mayor Barstow and Edson F.
Adams. Seated by Mr. Adams.
Mrs. Hay, Miss Barber, Horace Davis, Wil
liam R. Davis. Seated by Mr. Davis.
Postmaster General and Mrs. Smith, H. C.
Taft. Seated b? Mr. Taft.
Secretary of the Navy Long, Master Long,
Senator George C. Perkins and Congressman
Victor H. Metcalf. Seated by Mr. Metcalf.
into two sections. From Senator Perkins'
home to Durant street was given In
charge of Captain Wilson, and from there
to the High School was in charge of Cap
tain Petersen. Not a slip was made. . Offi
cers were transferred from point to point
with the utmost rapidity. Streets were
roped with wire and a force of linemen
took the wire up as fast as the party
passed and strung It elsewhere. There
was not a hitch on the road and no de
lays occurred because of the handling of
the crowds. The utmost good nature pre
vailed. ~ ¦ :
Marean, ' J. • E. Baker.
J. C. Hemment, Henry L. West, George "W. :
Ribble, G. . B. . Daniels. - .
F. ,W. Bilser, A.~: S. Macdonald, H. P. Carle
ton, J. P. Taylor. •; r.'. •_ ; I-
The crowds were In fine humor and thor
oughly enjoyed the celebration*
depot to the grounds was covered in as
ehort a period of time. '
Then the visitors became the guests of
the university authorities for the time be
ing. When the commencement exercises
were concluded the Presidential party an
swered the, call of social duties and
lunched with Berkeley residents.
Three parties of , distinguished guests
were dined by three prominent citizens of
Berkeley. .The visitors were from among
those who have been with President Mc-
Klnley- during his trip here. They were
entertained by President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, Frank. M. Wilson ( and J. W.
Richards. . •
President and Mes. Wheeler were hosts
to the following named: Secretary . and
Mrs. John Hay, Secretary John . D. Long
and Miss Long, Secretary Hitchcock and
Miss Hitchcock, Secretary and Mrs. Wil
son, Postmaster General Smith and Mrs.
Smith, Admiral Melville/Governor Gage,
Mr. and Mrs. Moore, Miss Moore/ Mrs.
Phebe Hearst, Mrs/ Henry T. Scott;
Bishop and Mrs.' W. F. Nichols, Dr. Dig T
nan. Miss Apperson, Miss Lane. .
The . following, named were 1 dined at' the
Wilson residence: .Horace Davis; Mrs. W»
H. Mills; Miss Mills, Colonel Currier, army
officer escort:^George W. Ribble, < Postal
Telegraph; Howard M. /Thompson, Asso
ciated Press: " Walter F. Clark. New
BERKELEY, May 15. — Blockading
street and plaza at the Berkeley station a
few thousand townspeople and students
gathered early yesterday morning: to give
a ¦welcome to the Presidential party. As
soon as the lino of carriages bearing the
distinguished visitors arrived shout after
shout shook the air, flags were unfurled
and a tempestuous demonstration gave
the signal that Berkeley had received
within Its precincts the President's party,
ready to proceed toward the university
grounds for the commencement exercises
at- which it was arranged for President
Mc-KInley to speak. It was not known that
the President was not with the party and
when this was known there was some dis
appointment. .The short distance from the
President Ide Wheeler, Professor J.W.Rich
| ards and Frank M. Wilson Are the Hosts
on Occasion of Visit of Cabinet Officers
York *~-Sun Press Association; " R.
H. Hazzard, Scripps - Rae Associa
tion; J. C. Hemment, Harper's "Week
ly; R. L. Dunn, Leslie's "Weekly;
James Harer Collier's Weekly; W. W.
Price, Washington Evening Star; H. ..L.
West. Washington, Post: 1 Frank B: Lord,
Washington Times; Morrell Marean,
Western Union Telegraph; Professor and
Mrs. Adolph Miller, Mr. and Mrs. William
Taylor, Mr. and -Mrs. Anson Blake, Mr.
and Mrs. Philip Bowles. Miss Beans. Miss
Pierce, Professor and Mrs. E. B. Clapp,
A.M.Sutton, Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Wilson,
John Hlnkle, Raymond V. Wilson, Victor
Henderson.
Mr. and - Mr3.' J. W. Richards enter
tained at luncheon Governor Nash of Ohio
and staff, several Sepators. Congressmen
and distinguished local citizens.
Address Presented to President.
• The Army and Navy, Republican League,
through Its committee, Andrew G. Myers,
E. H. Herrlckand J.: Murray Bailey, yes
terday to j President, McKinley
an. address of welcome,^ which ..concludes
as^llows:. / "¦'-
We welcome you as President of this stir
ring era of trade ' and jy'ogress, ¦ and we may
in conclusion not Immodestly Join the expres
sions of a great political club of veteran sol
diers and sailors whose homes are in Califor
nia- to those of our fellow citizens of thia
Pacific Coast in advocacy of the construction
of an Isthmian ¦ canal, a cable to Hawaii and
tho Philippines, aid to a steamship line to
these islands, ¦; and ' the continued enforcement
of. the Chinese exclusion measure by the Unl^
ted States •" Government. . ' ¦•.„;¦' : -"-.,-
GUESTS DINED BY
BERKELEY CITIZENS
Edson ; F.' Adams, F. . W. : Henshaw, H F
Gordon. John A. Britton. P. E. Bowles A" S*
• MacDonald, ; Charles R. Yates, R. m Brlare"
E. B.Jerome, Charles R. Ott, T. H. Williams'
W G." Henshaw, W. H. Chlckering, J w'
Phillips. CD. Bates, M. J.. Keller. Alexander
Young. George. C. .Pardee, ¦ "T. T. . Darele
Georg« ,W. • Fisher, George C Perkins -Q r'
Lukens, F.A. Leavitt.- George -W. Reed' J-
W. McClymonds, F.; Sinclair. " Robert Watt'
Charles N. Fox, H. P. Dalton. H. P Carle
ton, John Charles Adams, S. T. Gage John
L. Howard, John D. ¦ Isaacs, - C. ; W Kellos-e
Charles H. Redlngton. Sam Bell McKee A
A. Moore. F. S. Stratton, W. V. Wltchar'
William T. Veitch, R. M. Fitzgerald. W. w'
Foote, Sol Kahn. A. C. •¦¦ Henry. George v w*
McNear, ¦ H. C. Taft, W. .R. Thomas G b'
Daniels. R. G. Brown, Anston ¦ Barstow z" N*"
Goldsby. . Cary Howard, ": E. • H. Klttredge* i"
L. Requa, E. C. 'Williams.- J. P. Taylor 'iP
M. t Smith. W. ,E. .Dargie, Charles S. Booth'
W. R. Davis. M. D. Hyde,' James A. Johnson
F.A. Leach. S. P. Hall. F.B.Ogden, A B
Nye, • J. B. Richardson. - A. ' Schilling, ¦ George
E. ae Golla. ¦ F. -W. Bllger. W.'. P. Kelly, Giles
H. Gray. John P. = Irish. -• W. .' J. - Landers - "War
ren Olney, H. M.\ A/ Miller, Victor H. ' Met
calf. Edwin A. Sherman.. L. L; Bromwell D
Ladies Who Were There.
The ladies present were: v
: Mrs. George C. Perkins, Mrs. George B. Per
kins, Miss Mae Perkins, Mrs. Edson F. Adams
Mrs. Victor H. Metcalf, Mrs. John A. Britton,
Mrs. P. E. Bowles, Mrs. F. M. Smith and Mrs.
Amy McKee. Others present were i. Mrs. George
E. Bew, Mrs. T.' L. Barker, Mrs. "W. T. Veach
Mrs: CM. Stone. Mrs. C. W. Pendleton, • Mrs!
Alden Anderson, Mrs. A. Young, Mrs. C. O G
Miller, Mrs. Elizabeth McNear, Mrs. C. Irving
Wright, Mrs. C. G. Perkins, Mrs. H. K. Zeimer
Mrs. Robert Watt, Mrs. Charles Webb Howard!
Mrs. Lulu Rued, Miss Maud Henderson, Miss
Gertrude Allen, Mrs. John L. - Howard, Miss
Marietta Haven. Mrs. WUlard Williamson. Mrs
M. J. Laymance, Mrs. J. E. 'Adams, Miss Mar
garet Bruntsch, Mrs. .George McNear, Mrs. J
A. Folger, M,lsa Marion Smith, Misses Burdge*
Misses Lohse. Miss Horton. Mrs. . M. C Ship
man. - Mrs. , Susie Perkins Smith. Mrs. J. H
Nicholson, Mrs. A. B. Nye, Mrs. A. Ee HIckrnan
and Mrs.' Robert Rouse.
The Oakland reception committee con
sisted of: ¦ - ,
Mrs. Victor H. Metcalf .was attiredin a
handsome gown of black Brussels net
over black- taffeta. ' A ¦ large toque ¦ of
black tulle was also worn. "
A very pretty costume of black' silk
with black lace yoke was worn by Mrs.
John A: Britton. The deep cream" chif
fon--hat was trimmed with pink roses.
Mrs. } F. .;M. Smith wore an elegant
gown of purple peaude sole, trimmed in
black velvet and gold military braid. A
white hat; trimmed with white roses, com
pleted.the rich costume.
Miss v Amy ¦ McKee was daintily charm
ing in a gown of .white lace ovtr white
silk and a becoming hat of white tulle
and Dink roses.
Mrs. P. E. Bowles was attired in an
elegant tailor-made gown of black cloth.
¦ Miss Maud Pope wore a very pretty
dress of point de chine lace over cream
silk. The trimmings were of pink chiffon
and gold passementerie. Pink roses were
worn in corsage and hair. -
Mrs. E. J. Cotton was charming in a
creation of pink silk crepe over pink silk
trimmed with cream lace and .pink
chiffon.- - r
Miss Hazel Curtis' blonde beauty was
enhanced by the pink Irish poplin gown
she wore.
Mrs. Gilbert Curtis wore . a handsome
gown of black silk and Mrs. H. . M. A.
Miller was richly attired in black velvet
with Eton effect in Black jet and white
satin. ,
Mrs. Edson F. Adams wore a rich gown
of black crepe de chine over black taffeta
and a large black hat. .^ .
in delicate pastel shades completed a very
charming effect.
The gown . worn by Mrs. George E.
Perkins was a stylish combination of
white crepe de chine and white chiffon,
black chantilly- lace and dainty, plisse
ruffles. . - . .-
Continued From Page Two.
Ralph Talcott Fisher. College of Letters,
expounded "The Unification of University
Ideals." He traced the progress of uni
versity teaching, showing how the ideal
of a university had broadened and pro
gressed in equal pace with civilization «.nd
the improvement in educational methods.
CROWDS GREET CABINET OFFICERS
The historical spirit is equally demanded by
the national problems of to-day. . Academic
training in history may not be essential to it,
but such training should greatly stimulate and
develop it. And If the imprint of the univer
sity course is to be anything more than a
mTe ornament, a badge of knighthood, u coat
of arms, it must stimulate and develop the
historical spirit. It must send out men, both
as leaders and as citizens, not with overload
ed memories, but with keen Insight and trained
Judgment. National questions are demanding
these qualities with ever Increasing force.
That demand is being met more and more by
college men. President Schurman, Professor
Moses and Professor Worcester, on the Philip
pine Commissions, are prophetic of the part
that the university is to play In solving the
problems which this country must face. They
are prophetic as showing that the discipline
of the university in historical method can
e^ulp men with the insight, the sound Judg
ment, the searching historical spirit which
such problems demand. .
On the "Historical Spirit in Practical
Politics" "W. B. Greeley of the College of
Social Sciences had this to say by way of
conclusion:
Spirit of National Politics.
be a fitting climax to the democratic century
to which vre have just bid farewell.
The higher aim is to regain the old stand
ard and yet to keep the democratic scope to
preserve the true spirit of education, which Is
essentially aristocratic, but to . promote' equal-
It' of opportunity, i'o this end three things
are necessary: First, ' a great increase in the
material endowments of universities. They
must be able to command men Jn abundance
and men of the cha-acter to accomplish this
ele\-ation; second, these men must mingle
t..elr personalities with those of the students,
that to education may be added culture; third
university students must lead lives of activity
and intercourse, that each may develop by
contact with his equals the best that is in
himself. The beet men- In all stations n.ust
ehare with their less favored fellows the best
thit they have and are. The result will be a
culture which Inspires the highest aspirations
in things - intellectual and spiritual. Men of
this stamp of culture will moreover be con
tent in those stations of life which their abili
ties £^.in for them, even though they remain
hewers of wood and drawers . of . water. Ac
complish this and democracy in education will
Nathan M. Moran of the College of Let
ters took "Democracy in Education" for
his theme. Summing up he said: \
Democracy in Education.
The opportunity of the lawyer does not cease
with his public relations. He has a still great
er duty, a heavier responsibility; and that Is
the protection of the rights of the individual.
When the lawyer accepts the case of his client,
the trust reposed in him presumes that he
has the necessary knowledge, the skill and
ability to counsel his client and- prosecute his
couse so that the ends of justice may be sub
served. It is this phase of the lawyer's re
lation to society that necessitates the placing
of safeguards around the- profession. It la
this phase wherein the lawyer may become
the instrument to right the wrong that has
been done. It Is this phase, I say, that has
caused men to accord to the profession of the
law such profound respect, such dignified in
fluence during centuries past.
Everett J. Brown, representing Hast
ings Law School, spoke of the training
and opportunity of the law-school grad
uate. He said in part:
Addresses by Students.
By authority vested in me by the Regents
of the Univereity of California I confer the
degTee of -doctor of laws' upon William Mc-
Kinley. President of the United States, a
statesman singularly gifted to unite the dis
cordant forces of government and mold the
diverse purposes of men toward progressive
and salutary action; a magistrate whose poise
of Judgment has been tested and vindicated
in a succession of national emergencies; gcod
citizen, brave soldier, wise executive, helper
and leader of men, exemplar to his people of
the virtues that build and conserve the fctate,
society and the home.
But there was on© other Incident that
distinguishes this commencement. Upon
William McKinley, President of the Unit
ed States, Benjamin Ide "Wheeler, presi
dent of the University of California, con
ferred the degree of doctor of laws. The
investment of this new honor came with
the following declaration by the college
president:
Then came the slow and tedious, but
"whereof commencements are born," the
distribution of commissions to the mili
tary prize winners by Governor Gage and
the conferring of degrees, and the award
ing of the university medal to Wesley
Newcomb Hohfeld by President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler. •".-'.
As he took his seat Secretary Hay re
ceived a second ovation even more pro
nounced and more enthusiastic than the
first. The disappointment of the student
body had lost its edge and they were will
ing and ready to accord a proper chow of
appreciation of pne whose position is
that of chief adviser to the President of
the United States.
DegTee Conferred on McKinley.
Once more, and finally. I say your Alps are
pas&ed, your Italy lies before you: you have
only to enter in and take possession of your
magnificent heritage. In the name of the
President I bid you Godspeed in your Journey.
spirit, of Intelligent private munificence. (Re
newed cheers.)
It is impossible to set bounds to the far
reaching influence of an institution like this.
You start where the Institutions of the old
world have arrived after centuries of success
ful effort and development- Here at the ut
most verge of this great continent stands an
Oxford and Cambridge remade. (Applause.)
A special service of prayer was held last
evening at the Geary-street Temple for
the restoration to health of Mrs. McKln
ley. The services, which were very Im
pressive, were conducted by Rabbi M. S.
Levy and the cantor, Rev. J. Rabinowitz.
K. Collins, Edwin ¦ Goodall. Rev. J. K. Mc-
Lean. R. H. Chamberlain. S. C. Hodgkins. W.
A. Boole Jr., Theodore Gier. E. W. Maraton,
Rev. Thomas McSweeney, John L. Bromley.
W. W. Garthwalte. William E. Greene. D. F.
McWade. Rev. E. E. Baiter. G. Erwln- Brinck
erhoff, John R. Glascock. Arthur Brown.
Charles M. Cook, A. H. Breed. C. D. Pierce.
M. C. Chapman. J. L. Davie. Rev. J. B. Mc-
Nally. C. H. Brosnahan, R.' W. Turner, Louis
Schaffer, J. Kelley, Joseph R. .Knowland, E.-
K. Taylor, John A. Bliss, John G. Mattos Jr..
F_ C. Clift. F. M. Campbell. Fred Perkins.
William H. Orrick, S. H. Knowles. William
Knowles. Thomas and Lloyd Veach, George E.
Bew. Charles Neal, M. G. Perkins. J. E.
Baker. Dr. J. J. Medroa. '
Prayers for Mrs. McKlnley. .
Mrs. Gage 13 suffering from the after
effects of a severe attack of grip, which —
have been complicated by rheumatic •
troubles. Her condition was quite seri
ous yesterday and Secretary Gage was
much alarmed. She slept well last night,
however, and he was at his office to-day,
feeling much more confident of her re
covery. • ¦•-.•-
At a late hour to-night Mrs. Gage was
resting quietly and her condition was
said to be somewhat better than last
night.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., "WASHINGTON", May 13.—Administra
tion circles' in "Washington are much con
cerned by ' reports which have been re
ceived from San Francisco as to tha con
dition of Mrs. McKlnley, as well as by re
ports, of Mrs. Long's serious illness at
Colorado Springs and by the Illness of
Mrs. Gage, wife of the Secretary of the
Treasury. ¦''¦: - ¦
Klnlen Alarm Administra
tion Circles.
Reports Concerning Mrs. Mc-
In the evening the President dined alone
anrl spent the hours before' retiring In the
room where the eyes of the entire nation
are now centered.
) — .
SOLICITUDE FELT
IN WASHINGTON
The children of the Chinese Missions
•yesterday called at the house and left
beautiful flowers for the President and hia
wife.
Chief of Police Sullivan and Captain
Wlttman are personally superintending
tho guarding of the President's temporary
home. If necessary. Chief Sullivan is pre
pared to stop all traffic within a block of
the Scott residence.
Large quantities of flowers were sent
to the, Scott residence yesterday and many
ladies left their cards. The painting by-
Artist Keith of Mount Tarnalpals which
the ladles of the local reception committee
have presented to Mrs. McKlnley was
taken to the Scott house yesterday after
noon.
At 6 p. m. Secretary Cortelyou an
nounced that no bulletin would be issued
until 10 p. m. The doctors In attendance
on Mrs. McKinley were momentarily ex
pected. It was learned that there had
been no change In the condition of the dis
tinguished patient since the afternoon,
bulletin.
day. .They, found that Mrs. McKlnley had lost
nothing since the morning bulletin and 1*
more comfortable now than then.
Since I have epoker. of Italy I will refer
once ranre to the thought which has been much
In our minds since we arrived here and that
famous aphorism of Goethe, "Beyond the Alps
lies Italy." This aphorism can be applied to
the iptate of California with even more fitness
than the great German poet applied it to his
travels over the Alps into the sunny and flow
• ry south. Your' Alps are all behind you. All
your difficulties and dangers, through which
you sained your magnificent position In the
world, are past. Now new and greater con
quests await you; the conquests of the spirit,
the conquests of intellect. And here in your
material development and In the natural beauty
of the State you need fear no rivals and no
competition in the woiid. (Cheers.) The proof
of this is in this magnificent Institution of
learning, the fruit of an enlightened public
A Glorious Institution.
Ladies and Gentlemen' It Is easy for you
to appreciate the feelings of profound depres
sion with which we, the associates of the Pres
ident In this Journey, appear before you to
day The President had hoped to be with you
In person, he had lone looked forward to the
pleasure of meeting you, personally, but the
serious condition of Mrs. McKlnley's health
has rnafie it impossible for him to leave the
city of San Francisco to-day. He charged us,
therefore, to covne in his stead and express his
profound feeling of sorrow and disappointment
that he -f^s not able to be with you.
I car well appreciate your feelings of dis
appointment: I hope you will be able to sym
- iihize a little with ours. He would have
come to you with enthusiasm as warm as
yours, with sympathies as quick as those of
the youngest among- you, bringing to you some
of his garnered eheaves of experience and of
wisdom: and that I am forced to stand before
you with empty hands and to plead in forma
TKiuperis is indeed afflicting. He has been,
iron; the moment of his entrance into this
great State of California, charmed ajid de
lighted with everything that he caw and with
r-vervthing that he met. Tocrs is, indeed, a
fcoodiy heritage. I have never seen so much
<.f material beauty in my life as I have wit
nessed b-ince we came over the mountains and
the deserts Into these wonderful valleys. It
5s a country of easy miracles. Everything is
j^osslble to euc'a a State and to such a people.
And yet the beauty o' California Is not that
fatal gift which was sung by Fllicaja In words
cf mere melody and bitterness than, perhaps,
ever before were compressed into fourteen lines
cf literature. The beauty of California, instead
at being an element of weakness, as that of
Italy wee to her, la r.n element of strength
and power. It Is more like the beauty of a
*iueen which fills the luster of a crown than
that of a peasant which attracts the notice of
a marching soldier. This great State, a power
lul member of an invincible Union, has noth
ing to fear from the cupidity or the envy of
r.ny pasfer-by. You are born to great fortunes.
A preat present is yours: a. vaster future
twaits you.
Secretary Hay delivered in easy style an
eddress that Is well worth the reading.
No attempt at oratory was made. The
speech was not a spontaneous one. but It
was strong, simple and forceful. He said:
Address to the Students.
The announcement was greeted with a
burst 9it applause ;t-at caused the atmos
phere to vibrate and the leaves on the
shadowing trees to flutter as in a summer
breeze.
"Mr. President of the University of the
State of California, and Students of the
University, Ladies and Gentlemen: We
may well congratulate ourselves upon the
fact that we have here with us to-day
our Illustrious visitors. I now have the
very great pleasure of introducing to you
His Excellency, John Hay, the Secretary
cf State."
The "compliment extern" was acknowl
edged graciously by the Secretary of State
and then the regular business of a com
mencement day was installed. Four ad
dresses by the students followed In quick
order. Everett John Brown, Ph. B., of
the Hastings College of Law, spoke of
"The Law School Graduate — His Training
and Opportunity." The theme of "Democ
racy in Education" was expounded by
Nathan Montgomery Moran; "The Unifi
cation of University Ideals," by Rajph
Talcott Fisher, and "The Historical Spirit
in Practical Politics," by William Buck
out Greeley.
Secretary Hay was presented by Gov
ernor Gage In the following words:
Soon after Secretary of State Hay took
his seat the student rooters set up a
mighty shout, the first burst of enthusi
asm that rolled out from the leathern
throated rooters.
Secretary Hay Is- Presented.
But despite the fact that President Mc-
Klnley did not attend the commencement
exercises this event will long hold a place
in the memory of those who were present.
The cinder path had been transformed
Into a stadium constructed on the old
Greek plan. A stage, wide and made up
of a central part and two arms slightly
diverging, ran along the east side. Here
the regents, faculty, and graduating
students, lawyers, dentists and pharma
cists, all in gowns and mortar-boards,
were placed. The very front row of the
left side was occupied by the guests of
honor: Horace Davis, Mrs. Hay, Post
master General Charles Emory Smith and
wife. Secretary Long:, Lieutenant Com
mander Phelps, Secretary Wilson, Miss
"Wilson and Mr. Moore. The center stage,
over which was hung a canvas canopy
decorated in national colors, followed out
the architectural idea of the Greek sta-,
(]ium. In contradistinction to the somber
and austere black of the regents, pro
fessors and the students who were about
to be launched on life's highway, were the
colored caps end ribbons of the under
graduates and the spring millinery of the
women who made up tae major part of
the audience. The sun was not "shining,
l-.ut there was ? warmth and quietness in
the air that added to the comfort of alL
According to a careful estimate the seat
ing capacity numbered 9000. At least 3000
in excess of this number congregated in
the aisles and filled up every seam of
standing room. The scene was one of-con
centrated humanity all comfortably dis
posed. A few of the hardy native small
boys climbed to a vantage point on the
limbs of trees and from their lofty
perches heard the words of wisdom from
the lips of America's great statesman and
diplomat and the commencement speak
ers.
Scene of Color and Beauty.
With bowed heads the thousands pres
ent prayed with the divine for the restor
ation of Mrs. McKlnley's health. There
was a fervent amen from many as the
bishop concluded his prayer and the con
gregation sat down.
Then the full realization that President
McKlnley would not be present to take
part in the exercises swept over the con
course of people. There was no mistaking
the disappointment, for It sat deep-lined
on every face. The shadow of the Presi
dent's sorrow, his wife's . illness, had
reached out and fallen like* a cloak upon
the multitude of upturned faces express
ive of genuine sympathy.
chairs were placed. One was occupied by
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler, one by
Governor Henry T. Gage and the third
net by President McKlnley. but by John
Hay. Secretary of State, the President's
official representative.
The Presidential party came upon the
platform quietly and unobtrusively and
before the assemblage realized that what
it was anxiously awaiting, the coming of
the President, would not be, the exercises
were begun with a prayer by Bishop
Nichols.
Continued From First Page.
SECRETARY HAY SPEAKS ATBERKELEY
A ' sad air pervaded the vicinity of tho
temporary home of the President and his
beloved wife. .Chief of Police Sullivan
gave strict orders that* no vehicles were
to be allowed on the 3 street in ¦ front of
the house, lest the noise should: disturb
the President's wife. 'At '10 .a. m. and
agaJjiat 2 p. -.. m. -- the President. • went out
for a brief walk,' but no cheers greeted
his • appearance. The small groups of
spectators and the • many ¦ children who
gathered around-&Th knew that' something
serious was the. cause of the Chief Exe
cutive not proceeding to Berkeley, as an
nounced. - ' "
) .The President won all by .his kindly
manner,' despite his sorrow.- He shook
The President Goes Walking.
At 9 a.- in.' Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr., dean
of the: Cooper Medical College, was called
Into consultation with Drs. Hlrschfelder
and; Rlxey. / The greatest secrecy- was
maintained as to the views of the medi
cal men as to the condition of Mrs. Mc-
Klnley, but shortly after the doctors held
their consultation the President was sum
moned to the bedside of his stricken wife,
and Private Secretary Cortelyoti an
nounced that the President would not at
tend any functions during the day.
TwoTmore trained nurs«3 were summon
ed to* the Scott residence and a hospital
cot was also telephoned for. In order that
the nurses and doctors might more easily
attend to their distinguished patient. ¦
While proceeding: along: Sacramento
street the occupants of the passing cable
carS saluted the President and to all hs
Save cordial recognition. Henry T. Scott
pointed out all the well known points of
interest during: the President's walk and
when tho return was made to the house
the President went immediately to his
/wife's room.
Secretary Cortelyou was seen twice dur
ing the afternoon but he had but little
to give out regarding: the condition ot
Mrs. McKlnley.
At noon Secretary Cortelyou said ha
could give no additional Information about
Mrs. McKlnley beyond the bulletin Issued
at 10 a. m. When informed that it was
reported that Mrs. McKlnley*s condition
was most critical the Secretary said that
he would not discuss the matter.
No Change in Patient's Condition.
At 4 p. m. Secretary Cortelyoti gave out
the following bulletin:
Dr. Henry Gibbons was in consultation with
Drs. Hlrschfelder and Rlxey at 13 o'clock to-
hands with all who asked for that honor
and beckoned to the littlo children to
come to him. Ho asked the tots their
names and made inquiries about them and
gave each one a hearty shake of the hand.
The President walked around Lafayette
Square and the blocks In the vicinity, ac
companied by Henry T. Scott. Secret Ser
vice Agent Foster and a number of police
and detective officers followed .the Presi
dent at a short distance.
Continued Prom First Page.
MRS. M 'KIN LEY'S ILLNESS.
'¦¦.-. - ¦ ¦ ' >-;¦ : • ¦ . . . ¦ , - •. • ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; THURSDAY; MAY 16, 1901.
PRESIDENT MPKINLEY REMAINS AT THE COUCH OF HIS SICK WIFE
ON WEDNESDAY, LEAVING SCOTT HOUSE ONLY A FEW MINUTES
3f THE SAN FBAKCISCO C CALL, THURSDAY; ;MAY 16, 1901.
QOVEBNOB, ITASH of Ohio was the guest of honor at a banquet given by the T/nion League Club in
th© evening, where he met a brilliant assemblage, including Governor Greer of Oregon, Governor
Gage of California, Major General Shafter and others. During the day the visiting Congressmen
were taken for a drive through the park and Presidio reservation, lunching at the Cliff House. : ,. v '
GOVERNOR NASH IS ENTERTAINED AT A BANQUET AND VISITING
CONGRESSMEN ARE SHOWN SIGHTS , OF THE CITY AND VICINITY
TO-DAY'S WEATHER
SA1T FRANCISCO'S dis
tinguished guests from
the national capital and
from Ohio and other States
may expect more agreeable
weather than the fogs and
winds of the past few days
have permitted them to en
joy. The Weather Bureau fur
nishes* a forecast that brings
hope of successive days of
bright -weather. The forecast
for to-day is as follows: "San
Francisco and vicinity — Fair;
fresh -westerly wind.
• "ALEXANDER JdcADIE,
"Local Forecast Of&cial."
about a hundred years ago we had r a -.great
wilderness where Ohio exists." The men who
fought the battles or the revolution concluded
that they would expand and they . took pos
session of that Ohi6 country and ' they ' built
up the great State which we. have, there. Now
as I have come across your plains and over
your mountains and finally reached the : Pa«
clfic Coast I found that their doctrines have
expanded until they have taken possession of
all this glorious Western country. The mere
fact that we- are ahd have been expansionists
has made our nation front and strong and if
we follow the same ideas and carry out the
eame policies the nation will continue to grow
in power and strength in all the years to come
as it has done in the past. (Applause.)
My friends, I am rejuiced to see the wonder
ful prosperity of this Western country. I have
watched with interest your great industries, I
have looked over your fertile fields and re
joiced that you have your great agricultural
products, but there is one thing among you
which has rejoiced my heart more, than all
things else. I have observed that you have
splendid schools and universities. (Applause.)
1 am sure that these are dearer to your hearts
than any other wealth you have. It was my
privilege to-day to attend the commencement
exercises of the University of California.
Compliments University Students.
A more splendid , audience . to witness the
graduation of young men and women - for fu
ture usefulness I never laid my eyes Upon.
A more splendid set of graduates just going
forth to their life's work were never seen
by any mail upon the face of the earth, i
rejoice that these things are so, because not
only in California, but in every State of this
Union we want and we must have intelligent
men and women. They will be patriotic, they
will promote the growth of our. United States,
they will protect liberty everywhere and -bring
prosperity to alL our people. ¦ _, . . •• ,;
.My friends,. I want to sky. again, that it
rejoices my heart to be with you to-night.
I* dp -not. feel that .1 , am. in. a strange . land.
I love my. native State, but I know that. she
Is but one of the> torty-five stars which com
pose this grand republic of oura. Tour State
is another one- of those stars. AVe owe a
higher and a grander allegiance than we owe
to either ¦ one of our States, and that alle
giance ¦ ls> to this great republic^ of ours
(cheers), .a republic founded in -the bloo'd of
the fathers of the . revolution,, a republic , pre
served by the brave i soldiers from 1861 to 1885,
a . republic k which has been • reunited . during
the.' last three years In our contest with a
foreign foe. Under her. flag we can always
be' happy, we can always work, we can al
ways' be I united. ; . : ¦ • --.- • . *
Again, fellow citizens, .1- thank you.- and
In returning my thanks. I wish for the ¦ citi
zens of • California all j the ! prosperity, ¦-. all the
happiness that j are possible for all time to
come.. I thank you. : '(Cheers.) ;•¦
Talks of Oregon.
After a few remarks by General J. M.
Gleavea, president of the Ohio Society,
and the singing of "The Star-Spangled
Banner"' by the - Knickerbocker Quartet,
Governor T. T.. Geer, of Oregon was intro
duced. -Governor Geer spoke as follows:
. Mr. President and Gentlemen of the Union
League Club - of San Francisco: .The first thing
you will discover , Is that , I have fallen a vic
tim to the glorious climate of California.' I am
so hoarse that I can hardly make myself under
stood. JTpon . returning to my hotel not more
than an hour ago, 1 discovered, among other in
vitations, one to be present on this occasion to
respond to a toast, "The State of Oregon." Thli
Is very short notice to. have been given for. so
important an event as this. - 1 am reminded of
the circumstances under which Frederick Doug
lass once found himself when - having been
called upon for a speech without notice. He
said' that .he never made a short speech that
satisfied himself nor. a lone one that satisfied
anybody else. , Allow me to say, however, gen
tlemen, that I am not a Ohio man." ; I still am
proud .' 6f ) the : fact that I am a son of
Oregon. (Applause.) - I am,' however, with you
to make a. confession; and to say that my * dis
tinguished ; friend, : the .' Governor, of Ohio, is
largely, right In his" suggestion Hhat- Ohio". is
largely responsible for the settlement of the Pa
cific: Coast— 1 am tb. make a confession and
admit that, .while I am not a son. of Ohio, my
father was.* (Laughter and applause.), . ..:_ (
Advertisement of California.
Gentlemen, j the • State of Oregon Is, | to use a
slang phrase ¦ we • of ten hear, . "lost Jn the
shuffle'.' i In comparison with -the' enthusiasm
and the advertisement which' fortunately Cali
fornia ¦ gets,'- largely through ; the enthusiasm/
the * energy: and the- enterprise 1 which :.we- all
admire of the Callfornlans themselves, -i But
Oregon la . the best I State in ' the . Union,' gentle
men. ,- (Great -laughter.) ¦- There- is only one
thing: of which' I -.would be prouder than being
a native- of Oregon. -and. that. Is to-be a native
- Continued on Page Sixteen.
HAVANA, May 15.— A majority of the
committee on resolutions, Senors Tamaya,
Vlllendas and Queseda, are In favor of
the committee making an immediate re
port advising- the constitutional conven
tion to accept the Platt amendment.
Senors Gomez and Sllvela are strongly
opposed to th!s action. It ia said that
Senor Gomez in drawing up the minority
report interprets the explanations of Sec
retary Root as an admission that the
United States will change the Platt
amendment if the Cubans insist upon it;
that clauses will be added guaranteeing
the absolute independence of Cuba; that
the third clause will be stricken out as
the Monroe doctrine provides for Inter
vention should this be necessary, and that
coaling stations used for coal shall not bo
used for naval stations.
At to-day's meeting the majority voted
that owing to the explanations made by
Secretary Root to the committee, "we ad
vise the constitutional convention to ac
cept the Platt amendment as a basis for
future treaties with the United States."
Majority of Cubans Willing to Make
It the Basis for Future
Treaties.
ADVISE ACCEPTANCE
OF PLATT AMENDMENT
WASHINGTON, May 15— Acting Secre
tary Hackett to-night received a dispatch
saying that the trial of the torpedo-boat
Barney had been a great success. On a
two- hour run the Barney mad© an aver
ago speed of 23.1 knots per hour.
Torpedo-Boat Barney a Success.
VALLEJO. May 15.— The rooms at the
magnificent new ferry building were deco
rated with surpassing- beauty,, and,, while
the ' visitors may have seen ¦' California
flowers in greater profusion, they have yet
to see more tasteful and artistic decora
tions. ¦¦•¦ A telegram has been received from
Congressman Alston C. Dayton, member
?£ I if H °,» s t N ?- Val - Committee, stating
that freewill be glad to accept. the mvita
tlon of the \al!ejo committee, and remain
in Vallejo Thursday evening. Admiral
Congressmen Acknowledge Re
ceipt of Invitations to Be
Her Guests.
SEVERAL parties among the visit
ing Ohioans inspected Chinatown
last night under the guidance of
police officers specially detailed by
Chief Sullivan. At 9 o'clock James
W. Faulkner, Police Commissioner
¦•, of Cincinnati and political \writer
of the Enquirer, headed a party composed
of Colonel Carl Hoskerof Columbus,
Henry Vortreide, proprietor of the Toledo
Express, and Misses Sheldon and Steuart.
The party. was guided througti the mys
terious mazes. of the Oriental quarter by
Detective McMahon and returned several
hours later well pleased with their visit.
At 8 o'clock, a party ¦ composed of Con
gressman James H. Southard of the Ninth
Ohio district, accompanied by his wife
Celin M. Spitzer, quartermaster on Gov
ernor Nash's staff, and Theodore Wall
bridge of Toledo, left the Pleasanton Ho
tel and, under the escort • of Officers
Hutchings and Morton, saw all that was
Interesting in the Celestial district.
Another patty, composed of Eastern
preS3 representatives, was escorted from
the Palace Hotel at 8 o'clock by Ofil' er
Bailey, and spent several hours in China
town. In the party were Howard N
Thompson of the Associated Press Henry
L. West of the Washington Post, Walter
E. Clark- of the New York Sun W w
Price of the Washington Star and T B*
Lord of the Washington Press.
VALLEJO EXPECTS
FULL DELEGATION
Melville hag sent to the ladies' cnmtnlttee
the following acknowledgement of their
invitation: - -¦••> .
"PALACE HOTEL. May 14. 1901— To the
Ladles of Vallejo, Greeting: I am pleased
to receive your.cordial card of greeting. It
is many years since I have been with you.
and I thank you for your cordial welcome.
I am respectfully,
"GEORGE W. MELVILLE,
"Rear Admiral and Engineer In Chief
United States Navy.".
Chairman Foss of the House Committee
on Naval Affairs, who is with the Con
gressional party, has sent a dispatch" to
the Vallejo committee thanking them for
their invitation to remain in as
their guest on Thursday evening. He will
probably accept.
Visiting Ohioans Are Taken Through the
Oriental 'Quarter by Police Officers Spe
cially Detailed by Chief of Police Sullivan
THE visiting Congressmen and
their wives were afforded an ex
cellent opportunity yesterday of
viewing the beautiful scenery in
Golden Gate Park, with a
glimpse of the broad Pacific, a
view of the Seal Roclis and
Cliff House and a chance to observe the
magnificent fortifications of the harbor of
San Francisco.
The members of the pa,rty were unani
mous in declaring the drive a feature of
their visit, which they would long remem
ber, and were loud in their praise of the
commercial committee, which had the trip
in charge.
The party consisted of fifty ladies and
gentlemen and filled comfortably five
tallyho coaches. A start was made from
the Pleasanton Hotel shortly after 9
o'clock and the route taken was to Golden
Gate avenue, along that thoroughfare to
I>evisaxJero street, thence to the pan
har-dle.
The horses were permitted to walk
through the park to allow the visitors a
full leisurely view of nature in all her
loveliness, such as can only be obtained in
Golden Gate Park.
Delighted "With Park's Beauty.
The visitors were enraptured and spoke
freely of the wondrous sight. Their senti
ments were expressed by one of the
party, who said enthusiastically:
"San Francisco should be proud of her
park; Jt is most wonderful."
The visitors were taken to the conser
vatory, where a stop was made to enable
them to view the beautiful floral speci
mens. They were escorted through the
conservatory and then shown the beauti
ful floral designs laid cut In honor of the
President ajid the Eastern visitors.
The new music stand was the next point
of interest visited and from there the
party was driven to the buffalo paddock.
Some time was spent In admiring the
Immense bisons and the drive was then
continued to the deer park. The ladles of
the party spent some time gazing upon
the gentle creatures confined within the
park and when the young ones of the
herd came to the fence encircling the
place set apart for them they patted their
heads, touched their . cold noses and
searched diligently for stray scraps of
food with which to feed them.
First Glimpse of the Pacific.
Fiom the deer park the drive to th.3
Cliff along the Qcean road was a source
of much pleasure to the lawmakers and
the ladies. It was the first glimpse of
the bread Pacific many of them had had
and words failed them when they sought
to express their delight. "Grand," "Glor
ious," they cried In ecstatic chorus.
At the Cliff House the visitors were
met by mine host Wllkins and escorted
to the baJcony overlooking- the ocean and
the Seal Rocks.
The ladies of the party were partlcu-.
larly Interested in the famous seals. It
seemed almost as If the animals expected
the distinguished guests and had deter
mined to "show off." They barked and
roared and swam, about the rocks, hold
ing the attention of the party until Con
gressman Kahn reminded the deeply In
terested visitors that a visit to Sutro
Baths and Museum was proposed. After
viewing the baths and museum the party
returned to the Cliff House and were es
corted to the banquet room, where lunch-
Renuest That Mrs. MGKinleg
Meet Grand Worthy Matron
of the Orler.
. . . . _______ . ¦ -
As Mrs. McKinley is a member of a
chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star
located in Washington, D. C, John Ton
ningsen, patron of California Chapter of
this city, called at the Scott residence on
Wednesday afternoon and left an Invita
tion engraved on a plate of gold, request
ing her presence at a session of the chap
ter to be held Jn California Commandery
Hall in the Masonic Temple on the occa
sion of the grand matron's visit. •
eon was served. The dining room on the
upper floor was' handsomely decorated in
honor of the distinguished visitors. Bunt
ing, flags, flowers, palms and ferns liter
ally covered the walls, and the table,
which was arranged in horseshoe shape,
presented a superb spectacle. The lunch
eon was all that could be desired and was
thoroughly enjoyed by the visitors, whose
appetites had been sharpened by the drive
in the bracing- breezes from the ocean.
Taken Through Presidio.
Captain Eugene T. "Wilson, aid to Gen
eral Shafter. assumed charge of the party
after the -luncheon and directed their
movement* toward the Presidio. The bat
teries alonff the shore were pointed out
and the position and manner of working
the disappearing guns explained. by Cap
tain Wilson. » '-¦'
The well kept avenues of the military
reservation were driven over and the
points of interest along the drives indi
cated. The camps, barracks, parade
ground and the General Hospital were
visited. Many compliments were paid
Captain Wilson as the drive disclosed the
beauties to be met with on the Govern
ment reservation. The- Presidio having
been viewed from all points, the word was
given and the uarty started for home.
Those who participated in the pleasur
able trip were: "-, %
Charles Dick and wife, J. H. Southard and
wife. Hon. J. L. Brennan and wife, David
Meeklson and wife, G. WV Cromer and wife,
John Dalzell and wife, G. A. Dayton, and
wife, R. M. Nevin and wife, -Emmett Tomp
kins and wife, F. B. Kyle and wife, F. O.
Phillips and wife. J. C. Needham and wife,
Charles Q. Hildebrand and wife, W. R. War
nock and wife. James S. Snook and wife,
A. Lybrand, J. H. Bromwell, S. R. Morgan,
J. W. Cassingham. J. Edmund Foss, Julius
Kahn and wife. Major Belknap and wife,
Judge Brennan of the Supreme Court of West
Virginia, Mis* Ida Eckert-Lawrence and mem
bers of the local press.
The members of the commercial com
mittee for the entertainment of Congress
men, which attended to the .welfare of
the party during the day's outing, were
J. P. Currier, chairman, and representa
tive of the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association; J. C. Fricdlander of the San
Francisco Produce Exchange, B. N. Row
ley of the State fioard of Trade, W. M.
Bunker of the Chamber of Commerce and
Charles Bundschu of the Merchants' As
sociation. ¦ .
— — : — "•
GOLD INVITATION
J OF EASTERN STAR
Congressmen Are Driven Through Golden
Gate Park and the Presidio .Reservation
and Take Luncheon at the Cliff House
commerce that must be oUrs with the : coming
years. ¦ . ¦ - .
Riches of California.
California' with her twelve hundred miles of
seaboard following the indentations of the coast,
her magnificent deep-water harbors, her moun
tains bursting: with the rarest minerals and
metals^ her hillsides crowned with timber that
the world cannot equal, the long reaches of her
plains, prodigally rich and fertile, her orchards,
her vineyards, her olive groves and oil fields —
these wonderful natural resources must very
soon build up an empire on the Pacific Slope
that shall surpass in power and opulence the
fabled kingdom of Cathay dreamed of by Marco
Polo and Columbus.
All that California needed to bring her forth
and place her in that high position which is her
heritage was van opportunity. The election of
President McKFnley in 1S96, the passage of the
Dingley bill, the sound-money policy, the Span
ish war, the annexation of the Hawaiian
'Islands, the acquisition of the Philippines — in
fact, the policy of the present administration
brought to us our golden opportunity. ' ,
And. behold the gates of the Pacific have
spread wide and- ships from California- ports
go forth to all the Oriental world freighted
down- with the products of the shops and farms
and factories of America. Those same ships
return again to California ports laden with the
riches of other lands. Our mines of gold and
silver and copper pcur out an ever augmented
stream of wealth. ¦
Thi3 is our proud position to-day, and the 500
members of the Union League Club, represent
ing almost every trade, profession and business
known In our State, confident in the unbounded
possibilities of the future, gladly welcome the
men from Ohio. We welcome the chief execu
tive »f that mighty commonwealth who is
our guest to-night, because he represents in
his State the idea of government that has
brought so much to California— because he has
honored us by traveling across the continent
to do us the great ' honor of ¦ witnessing the
launching of the great vessel that some event
ful day In the' future may bear the flag of
the nation and Ohio's name in triumph through
the battle and the storm, but was fashioned
by the hands of California workmen. We wel
come Ohio's Governor, because Ohio and Cali
fornia must keep step In unison • in building
up and defending the Americans nation.
- We welcome the Congressmen of ¦ Ohio— they
have been loyal, faithful and true to- the best
interests of the republic— they have given their
time and their energies to working out : the
problems ' of State and solving them aright, '¦
the correct solution of which must determine
our nation's destiny for good or ill. They
have one and all stood proudly, by our Presi
deht, upheld his hand and supported most
faithfully his grand administration— and- , one
and all the Union League Club bids, them
hearty welcome, . .-..• -.-.-, ¦
Nosh. Is Introduced.
At the conclusion of Mr. McKlnlay's pa
triotic address there was a wave of ap
plause. Governor. Nash was then intro
duced. When the hearty and prolonged
applause which greeted his Introduction
subsided the Governor of Ohio said ¦ :•
Mr. President and gentlemen of the Union
League Club: I hardly know how to express
the gratitude which I feel for the very cordial
welcome which you have given me to-night.
We have come some 2500 miles for the purpose
of being with you and launching that splendid
battleship which your workmen have construct
ed, the Ohio. We feel that in doing this we
have come upon a patriotic mission, and we
are glad to be so cordially greeted by all the
citizens of your . splendid State. > -. • . ¦• ..-•-.
I must confess that this Journey has been a
sort of eye-opener for me. (Laughter.) 1 1 have
never been a member of : Congress, I. have
never been a candidate for President, and my
vision' has been somewhat circumscribed. ; (Re
newed laughter.) I formerly had the idea that
all the great men came from • Ohio | (great
laughter), and that nearly all of ' the good
things in this world had their life and being
in that- State (renewed laughter). ~ In this I
have, within the laet ten days, discovered that
I have .been' wonderfully -mistaken. I find the
same prosperity, the same love for the, repub
lic, and the same love for . pur • flag existing
upon the Pacific Coast that exists in the Cen
tral States. I feel ! assured from what I have
seen and heard that th& 'men of .California
are Just as loyal. Just . as patriotic , and' Just
as ready to ? defend - our .; republic in; time of
danger as any men upon the continent. I (Ap
plause and cries" of "That is right.")
All { Expansionists.
< From the applause with which you have re
reived the remarks of the gentleman who has
Just . spoken . to you ¦ I ' have reached ¦•: the ! con
clusion that you are all expansionists out here.'
(Laughter and applause.) ,; This 'Is not strange;
for the truth about the matter Is that > the men
of this republic : have ; been - expansionists ; ever
since the ; day of . its ; foundations r were laid.
Our forefathers who came some two or. three
hundred years ago . and settled .upon the .At
lantic Coast were expansionists; and' then again
THE Union League Club received
eminent guests last evening. The
assembled statesmen and sol
diers listened to sweet music
and words expressing eloquent
sentiments of national and State
pride. The Governor of Ohio ex
alted the Buckeyes, the Governor of Ore
gon paid a tribute to Oregonlans, and the
Governor of California held aloft the ban
ner of the Golden State. The club rooms
in honor of the event were beautifully
garlanded with glllax leaves from Berke
ley and roses from Santa Rosa. The occa
sion was a reception tendered by the
league to George K. Nash, Governor of
Ohio', and visiting Congressmen from that
State. The exercises were managed by a
committee consisting of William M. Ab
bott, chairman; A. G. Booth, M.- H. de
Young, Joseph S. Spear Jr., S. J. Hendy,
J. B. Fuller and F. A. Vail. , - N
Shortly after 9 o'clock Governor Nash of
Ohio, Governor Geer of Oregon and visit
ing Congressmen were escorted to a plat
form on the east side of the main room.
Escort duty was performed by J. M.
Gleaves,' William M. Abbott, Charles L..
Field, J. B. Fuller, H. D. Loveland, H. G.
W. Dinkelsplel, S. J. Hendy, F. A." Vail
and the uniformed' generals and colonels
belonging to the respective staffs, of the
Governors of Ohio, Oregon and California.
Major General Shatter. United States
army, sat among the elect on the plat
form. Governor Gage was not present at
the beginning of the exercises, but arrived
at 10 o'clock. He was received with gen-*
erous applause and . cordially greeted by
George D. Clark, president of the league.
MCcKinlay Welcomes the Guests, '.
According to programme George D.
Clark, president of the club, claimed the
attention of the audience and introduced
D. E. McKinlay, the speaker appointed to
welcome • the visitors. Mr. McKinlay
speaking for the league said: -
The magnificent series of receptions and ova
tions tendered by the patriotic and enthusias
tic citizens of California to the nation's chief
executive and to the many distinguished men
and women of the East who have become our _,
guests within the last few days Bhows the
deep feeling of appreciation prevailing through
out the State for the honor conferred upon
us by their presence in our midst. ; ¦'
California, San Francisco., the Union League
Club, may well mark the time of these oc
currences with a white stone. It is not very
of ten that Callfornlans, living away out here
in the center of the American nation, have
an opportunity at one single time to meet and
greet and welcome so many of the great men
of the extreme East -/ ¦ ¦ • .'.'¦'
I allude to California as the center of the
Union because we claim that we are West
erners no longer. . We hall now from the cen
ter of the great republic. '. ¦';
The star of empire, always guiding and beck
oning civilization and progress westward,
reached over the mountains and rivers and
valleys of broad America, over the islands of
the Pacific Ocean, onward, and still onward,
until at last the emblem of American national
ity—the flag, which is the hope of all who look
for liberty— the flag which is the pride and best
love of every true and loyal American heart
floats In honor and. glory in the gates of the
East and spreads its radiance over the Ori
ental skies.
Alive to Its Significance.
And California Is alive to the Significance
of the hour, to the boundless possibilities of.
her near future, and she welcomes with -glad'
rejoicing the glorious day foretold by the
prophetic tongue of Seward In 1846, who said:
"Our population Is destined to roll Its resist
less waves to the Icy barriers of the north
and encounter Oriental • civilization oh - the
chores of the Pacific." '
• The day has come— the prophecy Is | fulfllled.
California Is no longer an isolated segment of
the great American republic. She Is no longer
an almost unknown and little estimated part of
the territory of the United States, away off over
the backbone of the continent on the very, fringe
of American civilization, ;. ;.-. _ , . ,
She has evolved from that, situation of com
parative insignificance.- The series of, great
events in which. our nation has been engaged
in the last four years has changed the position
of California I In its relation to the Eastern
States and the outside world as well.. And to
day wo feel that by reason -of this change .we
are -to be placed in the- forefront of ¦ the great
operations in ' trade,' In ' manufacturing- 'and in
DAY'S' SIGHT-SEEING OF CONGRESSMEN AND RECEPTION TO GOV.NASH.
4the success of that service depends on your
good work. (Applause.) I know, gentlemen,
that I shall go back ,to my post of duty in
Washington with renewed strength and zeal
for my associations with these representatives
gathered here on this far Pacific Coast, and
I hope that you may return to your 4^ix>rs with
some renewed Inspiration from your contact
with the head of the department. (Applause.)
We meet to-night under circumstances in some
respects of the most Jelightful character and
yet with a shadow hanging- over us of which
we cannot be unconscious.
Sympathize "With President. .
We all profoundly sympathize with our
great chief; our hearts go out to him in sym
pathy; they are full of love and affection and
devotion to him' as he stands by the bedside
of his sick wife, and I ani sure .that we all
profoundly hope that the companion of his
life, who shares with him In so high a de
gree the affection' of the people of the United
States, may speedily be restored • to her
strength. (Applause.) I ehould have felt al
most dlrpcsed to have asked you to excuse
me from this function to-night, possibly to
have suggested that it might be abandoned;
but for the fact that I know that the Presi
dent of the United States would himseir, had
he been consulted, have said to you and to
me to proceed with what you have planned,
for this is an occasion of such a character
that he would have recognized that it might
fitly proceed even under the circumstances of
the hour. -
I wish that I had fitting words to express
my appreciation of the great pleasure I feel in
meeting you as you gave me the opportunity
of doing to-night; but your kindness and the
kindness of the people throughout this coun
try wherever we have gone in our Journey of
the past two weeks has permitted no time for
any meditation of any speech that might be
made. ' • '.. - ¦' ¦
I shall com© to you therefore with no
studied phrases, but ask you to accept as my
response to your expression such thoughts as
may be suggested at the moment" and to. ac
cept such spontaneous words as spring to
my lips from these Immediate surroundings.
I am glad to meet these representatives of the
postal service. You will permit me to say that
I feel specially honored ,at the presence here
to-night of the distinguished • chairman. . your
own representative in Congress, the distin
guished chairman of the committee of the
House of Representatives with which our de
partment has most to do. (Continued applause).
Perhaps I should rather reverse the phrase
and eay the chairman of the committee who
has most to do with us. (Laughter.) For my
honored friend will pardon me If I say that
we sometimes think ho "does" us." (Laughter
and applause.)
Praise for Loud.
But I am prepared to say here what I have
repeatedly said, not in his presence, that no
man in Congress charged with a great work
as he is charged Is mor*' thoroughly - master
of the , subject committed to his hands, and
more honestly and : intrepidly devoted to the
duty which Is assigned to him. -(Applause.)
I have come through three years of experience
to understand the spirit ¦ which animates -the
chairman of that great committee, and I con
gratulate you and I .congratulate my coun
trymen that that important service, so vital
to the I welfare of our country, . so pervasive
In its- relations, so broad In its relations, is
in the hands of a man of the, highest integrity
and ' courage, -who fearlessly performs what
he believes to be right, : and who intelligently
guides It and Congress In the advancement
of the postal service of the United States. '
The importance of that service to which you
are devoted and which in this locality owes
so much to your faithful efforts can hardly be
overestimated. ! It is the branch of the Gov
ernment which comes most directly and inti
mately In communication with the peoDle. It
is that brantfh of the Government whose faith
ful discharge on the one hand or whose lax
and unsatisfactory performance on the other
so directly and so vitally concerns the inter
ests of the great body of the people. (Ap
plause.) And I want right here to testify my
appreciation of the fidelity and the intelligence
with which the representatives of the postal
service performed ¦ the duty which Is com-'
mltted to their hands, whether it be the post
masters themselves, like your own In this great
metropolis, or the chiefs of the various bu
reaus, like many of those whom I see sitting
around this board to-night; whether It be the
clerks in the office who devote themselves for
hours to their work; whether It be the car
riers who are dally welcomed \-lsltors In the
home, the shop and the office, or whether • It
be the Intrepid and faithful representatives of
that great service, the railway mail service.
(Applause.) All of them are worthy . represen
tatives of the postal ¦ system and. all of them
are entitled to the gratitude of the body of
the neople whom they so faithfully and suc
cessfully serve. (Applause.)
. Service Is Growing. >.
-.X"' 8 service. is growing way beyond the eom
njoli understanding. Our army of postal em
ployes exceeds the combined army, and navy
of the United States which carried Its flag in
triumph to Santiago and raised it in honor and
luster over Manila. (Great' applause.) It
numbers to-day more than double the entire
army, and navy of the United States' put to
gether. It embraces more on its roll than
one-third of all the . employes of all the rail
roads of the whole United States, and It has
grown day by day with a rapidity which is
almost beyond comprehension. Twenty ; years
agro- our, expenditures and receipts were but
little over $20,000,000 a year. The postal ' ap
propriation bill for the coming 1 fiscal year re
ported by my distinguished friend; who 'sits :
by my, side last winter carried an appropria
tion of nearly $124,000,000 for the coming- year
(applause), and great as the expenditures are'
our, receipts are growing even faster than our
expenses, so that the deficit which a few years :
ago was $11,000,000, has been steadily' declining
No man can predict what It will, be next 'year
or the year after, but one thing, we know
that our. service means to keep abreast of the"
wants and requirements O f the people and
whether «hat shall ' take more or ; less iV not
so important as that the demands of; the nub-'
lie interests shall be fully met. (Applause) ¦'
¦ Our business Is to give . the • people ¦ the t best"
service of which we are capable, and though
we are-conscious of its defects,. yet I think we
may fairly say that thanks to the "great body
'of the practical, active worklngmen the service
grows better and better, and I , undertake to
say, assuming no credit whatever to the chief'
of the department,- knowing' that he deserves
noipart of It, but giving . that credit ¦ to the
practical workingman, that this organization ia
,the best business organization which exists to
day. In .the world [ (continued applause) \< and
that you can point to no private business any
where which all In air through all itsramiflca^
tlonn Is so well conducted as the postal service'
of the United States. > (Applause.) - You have
Officials and Employes of the Postal Service of the State Dine With
the Chief of Their Department and Applaud His Complimen
: ' . tary References to Their Work and, Splendid Achievements
¦ ?' • ¦ i
A MOST enjoyable banquet was
given to Postmaster General
Charles Emory 'Smith last
evening by officials and em
ployes of the postal service of
this city and State. Seventy
five sat down to table soon
after 8 o'clock and 12:3'J saw them still
there.
There were several good speeches made
and some plain talk about postal methods
and the sen-ice generally and all of it
was received with the greatest applause.
TJie Postmaster General's speech
caused much enthusiasm and at Its close
he was given three cheers. He had to di
vide the honors with Eugene F. Loud,
whose name was received with applause
each time it "was mentioned.
The banquet hall was prettily decorated,
the carriers' mail bag being one of the
characteristic hits that served as recep
tacles for the choicest sweet peas and
marguerites.
The menu cards were works of art, the
distinctive cover design being a letter
box and just above it part of the cover
was removed to allow a picture of the
Postmaster General on the first page to
be seen as part of the design on the cover.
The menu itself was as line as the house
affords.
Mr. Smith's speech was not long, but he
took time to refer to almost every phase
of the postal service. He referred par
ticularly, however, to two subjects— the
extension of the postal service in the
rural districts, or rural free deli%ry^and
the Loud bill, designed, as he 'said, "to
prevent and correct the abuses'of second
class matter."
The Postmaster General was Introduced
by. W. W. Montague, postmaster of this
city, who in hie brief address assured the
guest of the evening that if the San Fran
cisco service is not the equal of or su
perior to any in the world It is not be
cause those who work in it have not tried
to make it so.
Is "Warmly Received.
The Postmaster General was received
with the clapping of hands, the rattle of
plates and shouts of greeting. He spoke
in response to "Our Honored Guest," say
ing:
I am deeply touched by this expression. I
profoundly appreciate the great compliment
which ycu pay to me lu the Invitation to this
¦banquet, and when th« original Invitation was
confirmed this evening by the chaste and ele
gant renewal of that invitation in golden
characters I felt ihat I might carry away from
fian Francisco rot only the treasured memories
cf thl» dellirhUul association but the valuable
and enduring evidence cf your personal regard.
I trust I may accept the tribute which you
par to me to-night not Elmply as an expres
sion to a chief, but as a recognition of the
fact that we are fellow- workers in the - same
service, that I share your pride In the service,
and that I appreclats thoroughly how much
Continued - on Pag-e ¦ Sixteen.
f—^V ° s T M ' A S T E R ' GENKRALi
| ,-• ."•: g CHARLES EMORY SMITH was
' H -Jr greeted j by the employes ' of the
i ' ¦ . service;" in this : city and sur
'. B : . rounding towns yesterday in the
M. ¦¦ .ferry, building. It was an .en
-. • : ¦ ¦ ¦ thusiastlc reception, attended by
every man who could by. any possibility
be spared ifrom; his duties,'- and- by the
ladles. of the service! as well.
- The -reception' was ' arranged: ,to • take
place when the ' party that had gone' to
Berkeley to; at tend the commencement ex
ercises should return, , and when the Gov
ernment tug Slocum'drew up at the trans
port -wharf .with the Postmaster General
on board the carriers, from San Francisco
and Oakland were ready to receive him. '
.The! column of carriers, all iii newgray
uniforms,. was an. attractive sight: Jtwas
led by R.' D." Barton,; who acted "as drum
major of the band.' Then followed the
carriers of San,- Francisco, divided into
companies formed C of '.the 'carriers', from
each.-station/ the-, "subs" \ and the collec
tors.; ; Then came the carriers from .Oak
land., / ' : « i '' :;^. ¦''.'. ,.'':•' : • .¦'[ ; ':'-'- ¦', ¦'¦'¦¦/¦ -' ;; -"¦¦
, .-"James H.. Smith of. Station D was grand
marshal. iHls'alds. were:* Main postofflce, :
Tobey'Holzon;* Station A. George C. John
son; Station B, W.,W.' O'Neill; Station C,
Thomas rB.-Mahoney; -Station 1 . D/.Georgo
D. Tost and j Frank Cresse; Station j E, E.
E. Station ,F, Janies C.vMur-'
phy;>Station ¦ G, W^illiam ;. H. . ' Mahoney ;
Station H,' L'. j F. Nunan ; Station M, \V. J.
Phelcn; substitute's, C. Kleb; collectors,
"William Hanekamp.' ..
•"•¦> For :the Oakland menvH. J. Hallahah
was 'grand marshal and . his aids -were 'E.'
M.- N Campbell , . J. " F." Kenney , and ( Frank
Spink. : .-, ,:¦_. , ; -: ¦/' '1 ¦•- r •¦'-:. 'X.;f ,-..
•:'i • Greeted; on, the Wharf. ~S^%'
The Postmaster: General .was met by
W; ;.W. '.,: :Mcntague, • Postmaster .; of San
Francisco :: O.'S., Richardson, general local
superintendent; A.'- M. *. Cox,- superintend
ent ¦ of - carriers ; : E." F. Loud,-- Congressman
from the Fifth District ; ! James "\V.; Erwin,
assistant: superintendent of • free • delivery ;
T. 1 J.Ford,^ superintendent of mails ;J.L.
Mears, superintendent of the registry de
partment ; . H. P. Thrall. ; superintendent' of
the" railway; mail • service ; Robert 'Munro,
postal inspector, > and A.-jL. Machen," gen
eral J superintendent of if ree v delivery^ ;¦ who
Is out here from*, Washington, ; and after a
short ' greeting i the ¦ party was ' escorted ¦ to
the- ferry building by the carriers. < There
.the postal \vrere .waiting. .. .They
were marshaled by H." J. 'Aveney, , grand
marshal, and -/Ar S. ; J.* -Woods ¦ and J. M\V;
TBennett, :'*, hia .' aids.' .;• Each ¦:,¦ man-wore a
badge , bearing * the ¦> portrait of: the : Post
master General and. the. Oakalnd men car
.rled| little ;bamboo canes:'- s ':•."./••., ; ¦
-The -carriers ' marched ; down the nave of
,the-'buildlng l v and " then",T formed; in^»two
ranks, 'between' which : the Postmaster
General, supported by Postmaster Mon
tague and Inspector Munro, walked to the
stand that President McKinley had occu
pied -, the night before. -There was great
cheering when he was introduced.
' Postmaster W. w. Montague made the
introductory, 'speech. ; . He said the city
had no stately postofflce building to of
fer and no fine sub-stations, but such as
they were the Postmaster General was
welcome to them. ¦ . .
• In' reply. Mr. Smith raid it was worth
while to take the trip across the continent
to. see the employes of the San Francisco
postal ¦ service and of the surrounding
towns in such fine appearance and in such
enthusiastic humor. ,-. He was glad, he
said, to meet the working men of the ser
vice, for no service is so close to the peo
ple as the postal. service. Then, turning
to the Postmaster, he said: "It. is not
stately'.buildings 'that, make the postal
service, but the 'work of the great body
of r : people , who do the ,.- active, ac
tual labor. ¦:• I will carry -with me
back to Washington what I know already
from;the records is true,. that the postal
service of this great metropolis of Cali
fornia is administered faithfully and well
and to the satisfaction of, the great body
of the ; people. " } I see ',by your faces that
you have secured your employment by the
merit system and by that same merit you
hold, your "positions. I thank you for this
generous and heartfelt welcome to me and
for the- efficient service you have ren
dered and are rendering to the depart*
ment." V . '«-.; >'¦:-. . . .:^->'
Greets - Bach Ons .Personally.
'.'"- There was ', great ¦cheering -. when the
Postmaster General had. ceased speaking
and hats.'and caps and canes. were raised
high and -waved, .until the whole end of
the- navel seemed to- be in motion. ¦ The
men ¦-•had. crowded forward until they
blocked '.the entire 'end of the hall, -and
when it was announced that the Post-
master. General ; would personally greet
each one there, was a scramble for places
of. advantage.*' Everything . was. reduced
to order, however, and while, the ladies of
fhe 'service who were , upon the stand
.were. -.being presented to the Postmaster
peneral the men 'were formed, in line. It
.was -.while ¦ the ladles were being presented
t hat : Miss Minna | Crocker,- Postmistress of
Mount Eden, presented to the Postmaster
General 'a bunch of Mount Eden's choicest
flowers. "•¦.-¦ '¦.¦¦"¦¦'¦'.. f - ' .--¦¦¦'.-. ¦';.",.'¦. r
.".Mr.; Smith then' took his place at one
side of. the nave and " the men filed by
him, ; the carriers first and then the clerks,
and , each .was - given i a handshake and a
word of greeting. Then the column form
ed again and the men escorted their, chief
to; thejPalace- Hotel, '.where he -prepared
for the banquet In the evening.' ;
**There: were more Uhan:700:men present
at '.the' recentlon. ' . Of } these there were 270
carriers from. San Franqlsco," seventy car-'
riers,from Oakland and' vicinity, 250 postal
clerks, -eighty .; men from i the railway mall
service and. twenty-five ladles.,
¦The 'committee of * arrangements was
composed : i of r Conrad Trelber.? chairman:
C: F. Buttle. ,L. E. Boivin, B." Frank Ames
Given -as, Present to President
in Memopu of Baus in
Washlnaton.
. ' ..• *
The Valentine Holt . Society of San
Francisco, i Chihlren qf ¦ . the American.
Revolution, is an organization composed of
children pf those, who are members of
the Sons and Daughters of the American
Revolution. It is a subordinate of the
parent society, which has its . headquar
ters In the East. The sixth annual con
gress of the national society was held In
Washington February 22 and Misa Flora
M._Walton cf this city represented the
local "society. President McKinley ""and
wife tendered the young patriots a recep
tion at the White House. In recognition
of this courtesy and the kindly feeling
manifested by the President and Mrs. Mc-
Kinley toward the_delgates,» the, Valen
tino Holt Society has decided to present
to the President a ' solid gold plate, five
inches long by- three wide, bearing 1 in the
upper left hand corner the insignia of the
' society in enameled colors and the lnscrlp- ,
i tion. "Valentine Holt Society, Children- of
the American Revolution, of San Fran
cisco, CaJ., March 16, 1901."
The presentation will be made to-day by
Elsie Hilton, aged 7 years, and I^uglass,
! Chapin Mitchell; aged 9.year3. flag
bearers of the society. In presenting the
gift Miss Ruth Comfort Mitchell. - the so
ciety's historian, will recite the following
t»ig-.nal composition:
At this glad time, 'when over all our land
1 , From snow-crowned mountain peaks to arid
' ". plains ¦ ¦ .
la ¦ formed one loyal. - patriotic band
' Whose quickened heartbeats tune themselves
to martial strains.
' \ *""?'*
With myriad banners . flylne for the flays
A thankful' nation Ions will consecrate..
' The sunlit Occident her voice will raise,
¦ Throw: or>en wide her far-famed Golden GaJa»
To welcome here with fluttering flags and cheery
In triumph, with the roar of mighty guns. * ¦
Our. Leader, whom the whole wide world r«-'. "
1 . The latest* but not least of Freedom's- sons,
"We younger patriots of the coining years
I Long. In the homage due, : to have our share :
' To him who holds the nation's hopes and fears
] This: little token of: the love we bear • r.
; "We send at this bright! time of Jubilee, j
- Wishing it mutely might reveal
The admiration and the loyalty - - ' .
Which for our honored President we Casi, t ¦
Jr., John F. O'Connor and Jasiea H.
Smith, the grand marshal: ' -
YOUNG. PATRIOTS
HAVE GOLD PLATE
Gray-Coated- Carriers, and Enthusiastic Postal Clerks, Receive
Postmaster General Smith at Folsom-Street Wharf and Escort
-Himyto the Ferry Building, Where All Meet and Greet Him.
Owing to the serious Illness of Mrs. Mc-
Kmley the reception which was . to j have
been tendered President McKinley by. the
Knights Templar in Mechanics' . Pavilion
on Friday, afternoon will not take place.
This receptioji was to have been the most
pictudesque.: function of the President's
stay in jthis. city.
" ; San Francisco and California Command
eries»Kiiights v ,: Templar of this' city and
representative's of many 'interior : ccm
, manderles' were to have- joined in honor
'.ing, the President. Of the members of. the
( various commanderies 250 were to have
: been mounted on coal black chargers,' the
entire number in full regalia constituting
the-escort of honor. '-President McKinley
was! to have been escorted by ; this im
posing' guard of honor from the Palace
Hotel - to -Mechanics* Pavilion, - and there
: tho members; of his "order were to . have
gathered to do him further honor. .::
'When it was learned, however, that Mrs.
MoKinley's/ illness had taken a serious
turn the 'Knights- Templars" gathered ,to
pether to- discuss • the ; question as •«. to
whether it was. best : to proceed ; with
tho I arrarigement3 • for, the reception or
abandon, them.' V,. It was finally agreed to
delegate a '; committee '-.to 'ascertain the;
President's; wishes regarding the matter,
the ,expression of his wish to be the guide
of any future action upon the part of the
Knights \Tf-mplar looking ., toward ' the
carrying out of the. original plans.-'; v ;'¦;
President 'McKinley. though regretting
that such action on his part was neces
sary, informed tha, committee, that owing
to - the • continued:- and serious . illness ' of
Mrs. McKinley it, would. 1 be impossible for
him' to take that part in the function
which the Knights Templar and ¦ he de
sired, v In' consequence, the reception will
not take place and though there is some
feeling ' of it .Is outweighed by: the
feeling of sympathy forathe President and
anxJety for his stricken wife.';' '
. v i>': Launching of Ohio.
/.LiOtt ;I>.;. Norton, -chief engineer of the
Harbor- Commissioners," has 'passed ' upon
the absolute 'strength and . perfect - safety
of the i grandstand of ..the . San , Francisco
Seat Company. ¦• ."¦,:. .'¦ :. r •¦-"; ¦?'¦¦¦ •..,
r Reserved seats, with coupons, on sale at
the main * office/ of the : company, Colum
bian building,- 916 - Market < street; , room - 5S ¦
•phone-. Red < 5214, or' at: Sherman &;ciay
Co. '&:¦"; Several hundred choice seats at one"
dollar) each."-' .Office open "from. 8 a.(m."till
9:30 p/m.v r. N r , . ".;•,-¦; H'.'.n^; -y* '-'",¦•¦; '¦"?•¦
. If .you^wish-to see. the. launch in; first
class • style <; and a have ; an ; unobstructed
view,. pet your reservations -¦: at - once." ? A
word' to the wise is 'sufficient. '-"- '. : ,<-'¦'• ,
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
ABANDON PLANS
Offing to Illness of .President's.
f| Wife Reception Will Not
' Be Held.
THE ""SAN" FRANCIsbo CALIi, MAY ;;j^- 1901. ;
POPULAR MEMBER OF PRESIDENT M C KINIEY'S CABINET
IS A GUEST AT A BANQUET THAT IS GIVE IN HIS HONOR
POSTMASTER GENERAL SMITH AT THE RECEPTION IN THE NAVE OF THE FERRY DEPOT
5According to a report of the Canadian Geological
Survey there are in Canada over 950,000 square miles
of territory that have not yet been explored. Most of
it may be valueless, but some of it is supposed to be
rich. In fact, there may be another Klondike. in it
somewhere, and efforts are being made to get the
Government to defray the cost of a thorough ex
ploration of the interior of Labrador and the" region
between the Stikene and Skeena rivers. It is believed
there are millions in it. '
The Mexican Chamber of Deputies has under con
5jdcration a bill appropriating $10,000,000 for improv
ing the City of Mexico by the construction of new
buildings for public purposes and the establishment of
parks in the poorer quarters. Evidently our southern
neighbors are not only enjoying • prosperity, but" are
making good use' ot it
Peopla who take Dr. Sie'gert'« Angostura Bit
ters in the fall save money on doctors'biUs dur
ing the winter. The great SouthAmerlcan tonic.
I>o Your Feet Ache *
And burn, and make you tired aU over? Allen* »
Foot-Ease makes the shoes comfortable, rest*
and cooU the feet and makes walking easy. At
all drug-gists and shoe stores, 25c Sample sent
FREE. Address Allen S. Olmsted. Le Roy. N.T.
BUSINESSMEN from New York have been on
a visit to Texas for the purpose of seeing
how much of the State they wish to buy and
how far they can afford to do business with the peo
ple. When the visitors reached Dallas they were re
ceived with cordiality by a committee of prominent
citizens, of whom Barnett Gibbs, formerly Lieutenant
Governor of the State, was deputed to actas spokes
man. He was requested by his fellow citizens to
make a strictly business address, containing statistics
and other information that would give the New York
ers some conception of the prosperity of the. State.
He performed the task with distinguished succes'sl .
He began by saying: "We need New Yorkers in
our immense business, and cannot afford to" talk you
to death. It is hardly necessary to tell you of the
resources of Texas, for every New Yorker reads the
United States census .and the sporting news. A State
that Taises one-third of the cotton and' cottonseed of
the world, more livestock than any State in the Union',
that willsoon have a greater output of oil than all the
rest of the United States, and which has a-school t fund,
pretty women and everything else in the same pro
portion, doesn't have to feed you on statistics."
After saying he did not like to give figures to _New
York people on as big a thing as Texas he went on
to'say: "In this State men have been drowned by.
spouting oil wells. If we'keep on we. may strike a
lake of six-thousand-year-old brandy, distilled acci
dentally from the forbidden fruit. Should. that hap 7
pen we will let you in on the ground floor, though
that kind of thing will not need financing, the home
demand being strong and steady. * *. * When
the Texas silver mines quit paying we went over into
the next county and opened mines of / quicksilver.
While the "politicians were monkeying with oil trust
legislation the plain people bored and got more oil
than the trust had. The first seven cottonseed oil
mills in Texas were owned by the trusts/but the peo
ple built mills faster than the trusts could buy them,
and now we have about 150 such mills." "• 'f . :^I-
Describing the energy of the people he. said: "You
will observe we have a kind of New York lope onus.
Well, in the early" days ''we were lucky in getting a
right smart sprinkling of Yankees, and we found out
that if we went slow we would get no rations, so we
struck their gait. They taught us to make butter for
the world without a cow, lard for the world without
bothering with hogs, a barrel of blackberry brandy
without one blackberry, ice without cold weather, arid
many other handy accomplishments.' Texas is on the
short'side only in money and factories^ Under the
new banking law we have organized more banks than
New York State has. In twelve; months more there
will be no room for more, railroads in^ Dallas^unless
they^are elevated."*'^*-*-, ;':;'.*... . -, . . . -'-0
In conclusion he said: "Old Texas never furnished
A VOICE FROM TEXAS.
A CHANCE TO SMrLZ.
. "That, grandstand of ours seems to leak
somewhere." ~ •-'
••"I guess it- does. I know we took in. 300
tickets at the, door and then gave out 700
rain, checks."— Cleveland Plaindealer.
"How much is that employe short?" In
quired the- commercial •• acquaintance * '*
"Short!" echoed the bank director.
"We're the only ones who are short.' He
is away ahead of the game!"—Washing
ton Star.v -
Hadley— What do you think will be the
result when an Emperor sits in the "White*
House? - " • ¦ -
• Gadley— Why, I think the Judges of the
Supreme Court will be wearing Empire
gowns.- Detroit Journal. "
DESPITE the complete failure of ttie advocates
of the^once famous Volapuk system to intro
duce the rudiments oLa universal language, a
new aspirant for the honors and fame of a, language
creator has come forward in the person of. a Russian,
Dr. Zamenhop. He has given' to "his "venture a pret
tier name than that of Volapuk. He calls it "Es
peranto," and it is said to be as "simple as it is sub
lime! .... :":'-,;' :; ¦¦ : ¦ ¦ .- ¦ '
The teaching of Esperanto has been under, way for
some time among ; the learned. It is reported that
Tolstoi took tjie course from the author himself, and
within two hours. learned to read it well. The ; late
Max Muller was another early student' of the subject,
and, although he made nonsuch record as Tolstoi, was,
delighted with it and was loud in praising its sim
plicity. Another learned advocate of the venture is
M: Ch. Meray, professor of mathematics in the fac
ulty, of sciences of Dijon, who recently wrote a letter
to the Paris Academy of Sciences warmly commend
ing the new language for "its logical and *wonderfully
ingenious construction, and its aptitude to recapture
with incomparable superiority the place which Latin
held during so many years for the learned of different
nationalities." \ . ' i".
A recent summary of the report of Professor Meray
says: -t'There are no grammatical difficulties in Es
"peranto.' In 'all it has but sixteen rules, unburdened
with exceptions, and seventeen grammatical termina
tions, so plain and simple._that" they, fix themselves;se
curely in 'the,' memory after; 7very.\ brief ' application.
There is no trouble with its orthography. Each sound
is. noted; each letter is pronounced." ?.' ; .'
. The rsubjeot has occasioned no little- interest '¦ in
Europe, whcVe the need of a; common -language -. is
much more understood than; in the -United'* States.
The French jAcademy of! Sciences is occupying, itself
with the new language, and it is to be brought to the
attention~of the International Association of Acade
mies. Another report says.the members of the Vienna
Dental Society have pledged themselves to master it
and to extend its use.; It is evident, therefore, I that
Esperanto is not lacking in support, and before; long
we ; may hear . of a proposal to introduce' it into the
public ¦ schools of all nations. ';- - : .:
A UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE.
The President's Good Judgment.
President McKinley and party, after visltinj
California, will go to the Pan- American Expo
sition at Buffalo, and thouglv you; cannot travel
on the Presidential train tl»e comfortable train*
ot tbe Nickel Plate Road enable you to follow
his example, with the assurance- of an enjoy
able trip. Nickel Plate Dinins Cars serve Club
Meals from -35 cents to Jl each. Book fre«
showing views of Exposition - buildings. Jay
"W. Adams," P. C P. A., 37 Crocker ¦ bulldlaj,
San Francieco, Cat.
Of all the stories that 'have been told _, concerning
the great stock. gambling excitement in. .Wall street
the oddest is one to the effect that the panican the
street so disturbed the work of the annual convention
of the Episcopal church of Pennsylvania that the con
vention adjourned so as to give the delegates a chance
to protect their interests in the stock market.
You may hire some men to b& good, but
as soon as you stop paying them you're
up aeainst it.
Given Away.
A life si*e. souvenir plcture> of President
McKinley with each purchase at our store
as long as they last. Sanborn, vail &
Co., 741 Market street. / •
GOLONEL BRYAN is kept busy striking at
members of his'party who show signs of quit
ting or who' declare for a reorganization.
Senator McLaurin. of South Carolina recently stood
forth as a come-outer and caused disgust to veneer
the columns of the Commoner.
Now Senator Vest raises the voice of fatigue, de
claring that a convention should be called to re
organize the party. This cuts deeper than desertion
to the Republicans, because it is an admission that
Bryan has so disorganized the party that it is bank
rupt and can only continue business by a reorganiza
tion.
This rouses the ireful Colonel, and he emits "views"
as swiftly as a cora-sheller does cobs.
In his latest, on Vest, he returns to his celebrated
cheap money, quantitative theory of currency and
prices. It does not seem to occur to him that there
was' ten-cent cotton and dollar wheat when the money
of the country per capita was only one-third its pres
ent volume. His theoiy is that if a man have a thou^
sand dollars he will pay voluntarily ten times as much
for .an article as he would if he had only a hundred
dollars. The country is concerned more with the cir
culation of money than with its quantity. But a very
small percentage of business is done by the actual
handling of money. Its circulation is . largely vi
carious, in the form of checks, drafts, exchange and
letters of credit These mobilize the money of the'
country when there is a condition of business confi-
derice. The infirmity of Bryan's mind is shown in his
constant prediction of panic and hard times. With
him the thought is fathered by the wish. He would
better take off his tilue goggles and heed President
McKinley's wise and worthy saying that "the country
needs patriots, not pessimists."
Mr. Bryan takes great hope from any fall in prices,
arfd declares that "th« plentiful dollar is the cheap
collar." ¦ -: • -¦•',••¦¦
The cheap dollar is one that is not worth its face,
not worth one hundred cents. The business standard
of value throughout the world is gold.' In that stan
dard commercial exchanges are exchanges of value for
value. If those exchanges are in silver dollars worth
onty fifty cents each, two of them are needed to buy
a dollar's worth. That is what Bryan calls a -rise in
prices, when it is merely a fall in the value of the dol
lar. Prices and values remain where they were.
Jackson knew the great law of a medium of ex
change when he said: "Gold is the universal and only
honest standard of value, and all forms of currency
should be measured by it."
:Bryan seems incapable of comprehending this, and
so he walks round and round in the same circle, like
a mule grinding a mudmill. .
BRYAN'S VIEWS.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and 'public men by- tin
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • '
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap baa-
Kets. 63i» Market, Palace Hotel bunding.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.^
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
"ARIZONA JIM"— Subscriber, City.
This department has not the space to re
produce • "the poem entitled 'Arizona
Jim' " or any other poem. You can find
the same in the Free Public Library.
PHELAN— Subscriber, City. James D.
Phelari— has been elected Mayor of San
Francisco three times. At the first elec
tion his Republican opponent was Charles
L: Taylor, second Charles L. Patton and
third Horace Davis.
DKPTH OF OCEAN— Subscriber. Ade
laide, Cal. The deepest sea sounding waa
that made under the direction of Lieuten
ant J. C. Walsh, U. S. N.. in the gulf
stream from the Taney— 5700 fathoms, or
34,200-feet; more than six statute miles.
At that distance the wire broke and the
bottom had not been reached. In 1872-1
soundings were made by a party on ths
ship Challenger : and the report shows
greatest depth on the Pacific side less
than 3000 fathoms and on the Atlantic
3S75 fathoms or 23,250 feet.
CALIFORHTAHS IN MW YORK.
; .NETV YORK, May .15.— The following
Califomlans are in New Tork; From San
Francisco— "W. Bradford is -at the Herald
Square; JV M. Cremin. and wife are at the
Hoffman; J. S. Hanson )3 at the St. Denia;
W. ; P. Shawisat the Park Avenue ;E. E.
"Woliey Is at the Broadway Central; "W.
Elly is at the Astor; F. A. Greenwood 13
at the Imperial; C. P. Osgoodand wife
are at the Amsterdam: R. T. Pierce and
R. C Pierce are at the Hoffman; J. A.
Clover and wife are at the Herald Square;
Edwad H. Mitchell is at the Fifth Ave
nue. From Los Angeles— B. L. Harding
Is at the Imperial; Mrs. C. A. Park is at
the. Victoria. '
CAUTOB.KTA1TS I2X WASHUTGTOU
"WASHINGTON. Hay 13.— The following
CaJlfornlans have arrived at the hotela:
Raleigh — Isaac Tuchlerr Shoreham — Mr.
and Mrs. "VW C. Lowry; • Arlington — Mr.
and Mrs. H. Madison, all of San Fran
cisco. -*- -
A PHILADELPHIA STIMULANT.
1 ¦ ......' ,"*>.¦.¦ - ' '. .'..¦¦.
FROA1 the Philadelphia Press we learn there has
been invented in that city a new form' of cock
tail composed of ingredients which, while' noni
intoxicating, form in combination a drink said to.be
as fascinating as "absinthe, and which is doubtless just
about as deadly.
( The discovery of the existence of the drink was^
due to the fact that a reporter 1 saw a waiter throw
a well-dressed man out of a restaurant Upon being
applied to for; an explanation f of his act the waiter,
said: "That man and a whole lot like him' have what
is known as the condiment habit.. It. is their practice
to come in and order a cup of coffee,' and after they
have drunk it they, gather all the sauces, the salt and
pepper and every other condiment and no one else
around the table\can get a chance at .them. With the,
material before them they, have a .real- good time.
First they take a dash of catsup. Into that goes
vinegar, the pfpper, salt" celery salt, Worcestershire
sauce, molasses and anything else that may be handy.
This they drink. '•We have any number 'of such per- v
sons come in here. I firrt noticed it about six" months
ago. A lawyer who was in here the. other night told"
me that the people that carry on this way are called
the condiment cult. He said that .the desire to drink
the fierce mixture they' compound i is almost as bad*
as that which the morphine fiend experiences."'
Other Philadelphia restaurants report a similar ex
perience Svith the new. cult. In one of the principal
cafes of the city the head waiter-said the place had
several regular customers who insisted on mixing the 1
condiments on the table' and drinking, the mixture.
"When they are regular patrons," he said, "we simply
humor them and put the price on their bill, but when
outsiders come in we discourage them and we cannot
say that they have ever tried to get us arrested."
Further, investigation disclosed the fact that women
are included among the devotees of the cujt. Some
of them have carried it to such an extei|| that res
taurant keepers have had to forbid the waiters to
serve, them >-ithi condiments. . One authority says:
"Once the condiment habit gets hold of men or
women it seems. to cling to them; and I have noticed
that the members of the .cult, decline. . rapidly^in
health-.'"- ?;¦; ' Zy.'t -¦:-¦•¦ *' % '0k'~ ¦¦¦¦'>-¦ 1 >.H < /; '' '
.This is a strange form of mania to have its origin
among a people who live such well ordered lives as
those of . Philadelphia. It would have been less sur
prisin^fliad it originated in Chicago; and yet perhaps
there is ample- reason -for its '.Philadelphia origin.
There is a human craving for stimulants under all cir
cumstances, and the duller the community the greater
the. heed of stimulation. Drinking at all seasons may
satisfy other people, but. the Philadelphians wish, all
seasonings in their drinks, and as a consequence the
condiment cult has arisen and*restaurants suffer.
One of the glowing tales of the East is a story to the
effect that Pierporit Morgan is going to establish
an Atlantic ' steamship line de . luxe for the ' use of
millionaires. The price of passage is to be $1000 for
a first class staieroom. It is a good story in its way,
but its appearance may. be' taken as a proof that the
silly., season is : about to burst uport us with unusual
severity. ¦ . . , - ' \. ¦_¦ . ' ,
THURSDAY..... .............MAY 16, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. . .
AddresT All Cpaman;e»ti9ni t» XT. S.LEAK2, K wager.
MAVAGER'S OFFICE .Tel cull on* r ZH^LxZ£.
FUBLICAT1OX OFFICE Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone I»re«» 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Ste-renaon St.
Telephone Prera 202. •
Delti-ered !>•«- rvirrler*. 15 Onfw Per TVeelC
Stncle Coplen. S Cent*.
Terms by Slall. Including; Poatasret
:!AII.T CAUL, <!nclufi?nr Sunday), one year J*.M
32AILT CAt*. nneT-udine Sunday), fi months 3.00
J3AXL.T CALL Onclnfllnt: Sunday). J months,; 1.69
DAILY CALL— By Etntfe Month «5=
JWEEKLT CALL. One Tear l-0»
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
anbKcrfptlons.
C&sjple eep!e* will be forwarded ¦when requested.
Man ru*wrtt»r* 1" ordertnr rnanr» of *4Kr**« «V>«1rt h»
rarUcnlar to clve both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure & rrempt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE ...111S DrondwtT
C CEORGE. KKOGXKSS.
Kanigtr Foreign A«vtrU*iiig, Mtrqnette BnUdlng. CMsap.
(Lose Distance Telephone "Central 2019.")
' *¦ JCEW TOEK REPRESENTATIVE:
C C. CARLTOX. ................ .Herald Sanare
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE*.
ITEPHES B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bntldlnc:
: tnSW TOEK EEWS STAXM:
TTaJaorf-Artorta Hotel; A- Erentano. & Union • Square:
Uczny HU1 Hotel. .
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Howe; Auditorium HoteL
flPTASHIKGTOW (D. C> OFFICK. . . .1400 G St., K. "W.
KORTO?; E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— ET7 Mootsomery. corner of Clay, open
ontn 950 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «SS
McAllister, open until 9:S8 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
t r» o'clock. 19U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. *2€1 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C9S Valencia, open
crtU 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. KW. cor
oer Twesty-second and^ Kentucky, open until 9 -o'clock.
WITH a fullness of sympathy." that. c will ex
clude all sense of disappointment from their
hearts the people who had for weeks been
preparing a grand and jubilant reception for '• the
President will learn that owing to the illness of Mrs.
McKinjey the tour; .will not be carried out. The -0116
touch of nature that makes the whole, world kin is
felt in this emergency. . There will be few regrets
over preparations; made in vain for festal ceremonies
that are not .to be, but there will be a profound and.
universal "regret that the abandonment -ofthe tour has
been caused by the illness of a woman so beloved by
the people, and for whose coming so many bright ex
pectations have been cherished in every city and town
along the route that had. been 'planned for the jour
ney north and eastward from San Francisco.
The President has done the utmost he could to
avoid disappointing the people. • He has borne the
strain of travel and public business, and the excite
ments of receptions and public parades and functions,
while watching with anxiety the increasing illness of
his wife, until the limit of endurance has been
reached, and now he can do no more. So long as
Mrs. McKinley's ill health continues there can be for
him no further festivals and social functions. Every
hour not required for public business will be given to
the ministrations which he owes to the woman Who
during the whole course of his manhood has been the
helpful companion in all his struggles and the author
of his finest joys.
The home life of these two people has been essen
tially American. It is'the kind of life. that makes the
virtue of our republic. The record of it has been a
story- as. beautiful as was ever told in any romance,
and the fierce light of publicity that has shone upon
it ever since the two entered the White House to hold
the foremost place in the republic has had no other
effect than that of bringing out more brightly the
charm «i its simple but sublime happiness and pathos.
In this country the mutual devotion of husband and
wife has not been made the subject of mocking wit
and satire as in other lands. All American ideals tend
to the contemplation of the home inhabited by love
as the consummation of human happiness^ *It is of
such homes our greatest poets have sung and our
noblqst novelists written, and, moreover, it is of such
homes our communities are built up. There- is in
this country, therefore, the fullest and most loving
sympathy with every phase of family life, and the
good husband and the good wife are honored by' all
whose honor is worth having.
Not long ago Mrs. McKihley is reported to have
said she would be glad when the Presidents term of
office expires, because he has now to give so much
of his time to public affairs she can. see but little of
him. "When his term is over," she is quotea as say
ing, "we will go home and settle down, and I can
have him all to myself." : . "
In her present ill health no one will dispute that
wifely desire for the husband who has tended her so
carefully and so lovingly through all thest years. To
her the people willingly yield him. As he sits by the
bedside of his sick wife he will receive the loyalty and
love of the country as abundantly as he could ever
have received it in scenes of the most popular of
demonstrations. There is to be no more noise and
tumult of applauding thousands mingled with . the
music of military bands, but in place of that there rises
from all the homes in the Broad land an earnest prayer
that this health-giving climate of ours may work its
wonders upon the invalid and so surely and speedily
build up her strength' that her health will be no longer
a matter of. anxiety to the noble man who is as ; hbn
ored for his devotion to family ties as to any other
of those abiding virtues upon which our social fabric
rests and out of which the true grandeur of "our re- 7
public has arisen. ... ; ,.
THE PRESIDENT AND THE PUBLI O.
Governor N. O. Murphy; of Arizona Is
at the palace. .
Z. B, McAuley, a mining man of Dry
town/is at the Uck.
Patrick Brannan of Marysville i3 In the
city during the celebration.
James -McCudden, a* Government con
tractor of Vallejo, Is at the Grand.
A. Brown of the State Board of Equali
zation is registered at the Occidental.
Senator John Mitchell of Oregon Is here
for the launching of the Ohio. He is at
the Palace. »
William Robinson," an engineer of the
United'States navy, stationed at Vallejo,
is at the Occidental.
Isaac Upham has 16ft San Francisco for
an extended. tour of the East, to be gone
several weeks.
State Senator John F. Davis of Amador,
accompanied by' his ¦ wife, is spending a
few days at the Palace. .
. General James' R. Carnahan, commander
of the- Uniform Rank of the Knights of
Pythias, arid Adjutant General Powell are
at the Palace. • .-.
Thomas H. Williams Jr.. accompanied
by his wife, Mrs. E. 1». G. Steele and Na
gleo Burke, left last evening for Mr. Wil
liams' summer home .on the McCloud
River. They expect .to be away several
weeks. - . • .
PERSONAL MENTION.
anything from the cradle to the, grave except 'the
naked baby."' When : you come the nex£ time on a
visit to Dallas, . if; the Government pay due attention
to the . report _of its .engineers^ you "will find canal
boats running from; Dallas to the sea,' and the water
get. shy in the canal' we'll float them with, oil or ar
tesian' water," as we have plenty- of oil, and ¦ are
oniy_waiting for more.^augers.;;; When .you see your
friends at j home tell them we are short on augers."'
'- ' In that speech, half fun arid' half serious— there is a
good illustration of the change that has come "over
Texas and -the South generally/ In the' old days the
South could talk of nothing but politics and the negro
question, but now her people are prosperous and can
talk of-business with~gayety of heart. It is a, cheerful
voice .that comes from Texas, and the whole country
is glad to hear it. , , ' - . .V'
- ; Everybody "Wants Health.
After all, what we all want is health,
not merely negative health— keeping out
of: the hands of the doctor — but a health
which, as Blackie puts It, "is the growth
and vigorous condition of every member
of • the \body." "Health," says an old
magazine article, to which the writer's
name is not- attached, "is perpetual youth.
Health-is' to feel the body a luxury, as
every -vigorous child .does, as the - bird
does when it.-<6hoots and quivers through
the air, not flying for the sake of the
goal, but as it flies when in broad swim
ming circles it cleaves the air merely for
the pleasure of the flight— as the dog does
when he scours madly across- the meadow
or plunges into the muddy blissfulness of
the stream. But neither child nor bird
nor dog enjoys its cup of physical happi
ness — let the dull or worldly say what
they will— with a felicity so cordial as the
educated .palate of conscious jnanhood or
womanhood. What a shame that even
Kingsley should fall into the cant of de
ploring maturity as a misfortune and de
clare that our freshest pleasures come be
fore the age of 14."
'To feel one's life in every limb— this is
the secret of bliss, and "it is absurd to say
that ,we cannot possess this when char
acter." is mature, but only when it is half
developed. ¦ ¦ *
Opportunities for the American.
We need more examples of a mode of
living which shall not alone 'be a success
in view of some ulterior object, but which
shall- be, in . its nobleness and healthful
ness, "¦ successful every moment, as it
passes^on. .. Navigating a wholly new
temDfirarnen,t'through history, this Amer
ican race must of/ course form its own
methods and take nothing at second hand,
but the same triumphant combination of
bodily, and mental training which made
human life beautiful in Greece, strong in
Rome. . simple and joyous in Germany
truthful, brave and active in England,
must yet be molded to a higher quality
amid this varying climate. The regions
of "the world most garlanded with glory
and romance— Attica, Provence, Scotland
—were originally more barren than New
England shores, and there is yet possible
for us such a harmonious mingling of re
finement and -vi?or that we may more
than fill the world's expectation and may
-ecome classic to ourselves.
yourself as a member of his dollar-a-day
cellar-gymnastic club. Go to a ; good
gymnasium, surely, If the conditions are
such as to favor it, but if they are not,
rent a boat, borrow a saddle horse, steal
a golf stick or tennis racket or even play
"nibs" with the boys. It isn't so much
what you do as that you do something
that „ will rest your brain and give the
other parts of your body pleasurable oc
cupation. ¦ Do a man's. work, but remxtln'
a boy in love, with physical .recreation. -
Strong' Men Are a Necessity.
We as a nation are going through a
period of colossal enterprises— enterprises
that* involve millions of dollars, that
threaten revolutions, social/* political' and
religious, . and that make necessary men
to conduct them. It is not enough for a
man to be able to think, but he must be
able to do, and the man of the future can
not be a' subject of nervous headaches; a
dyspeptic or a paralytic, but a man,
hearty and'well in all his parts; a man of
muscle and endurance— a man who can
think . and act also, and of this' kind o£
men we have far too few examples.
No one wishes to be simply strong any
more. The old ideas of Dr. Winship that
health came through strength were fortu
nately short livea ¦ and the strong men
who exhibit in dime -museums are hardly
the kind of men most of us would wisn
to be. .
. There is a great difference between be-,
ing strong and being robust, the latter
quality, liKe everything else desirable, be
ing the more difficult to. obtain, and Is
something for the absence or presence of
which, certainly; to some degree, we have
to. thank the generations gone before.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
Xm.-SrTRENGTH AND PERILS OF ADTJI/T AGE.
Quetelet.says'we do not get our max
imum height until we are about 50 years
of ( age, then we begin ;• to recede,' and at 90
years we have lost'about one and one-half
inches, owing to: the contracting of soft
parts and' the stooping posture assumed
by the ; body. While . this " is perhaps true
of the individual It is surprisingly not true
of the average man,- who does-* not seem
to lose much in height, probably because
as age. Increases the short and less ro
bust are eliminated by death, leaving only
"the stronger type of individual. 1 -
However these facts may be, Jt is true
that certainly by 50 years of age we have
arrived ¦- at anatomical and- physiological
maturity and that most of us by. that time
have perhaps lost a . little in '- height, al
though possibly increasing in weight.: It
Is also' true that at:50;we are not nearly
as good "all-round" men as we were at 30.
When People Complete Their Growth.
r .Roberts says boys complete their growth
at about 23 years of age, while girls arrive
at full stature at about 20 years," :but
neither arrive at their full strength until
about 30. . ¦
,, Whatever the final result of the physi
cal examiners may show along these lines,
\>ur subject leads us to deal with a ma
turity, a middle life and adult age, which,
inrcommon parlance,, all mean the same
thing. Our subject, is the man-or woman
who has passed through' the careless age
when he or she is. in the. full tide of in
crease in all directions, past thetime-of
freedom from cares up to the'period when
the Individual is confronted; with the ques
tion of. how to live and care for a family.
When anthropologists come, to write the
history*of this generation they will have
to mark it as an age of awakened atten
tion-to the needs of the body, , together,
with and because of a "tremendous over
strained-nervous -life, >' the first being
largely the result of the second.
'; Becovery From the War Period.
Thirty-five years, n go athletics and phy
sical fun were things about which
knew but little. At that time we were just
emerging from a civil war, tired,- worried,
uncertain, two immense armies on our
hands, our money .of doubtful value,'in
dustries paralyzed — mentally and physi
cally tired out. But owing to the perse
verance and courage of our ancestors, who
built their homes and raised their crops
in the presence of hostile Indians,, we
have to-day a nation or. greater pros
perity.than any other under the sun. ' .:
Athletics for "Souths; -What for
Adults?. ¦ t
That athletics has in a way run : wild
seems a proposition to which most would
agree, and yet every good thing -ad
vances too far befoYe'it finally settles
back into a rational position: We need
athletics if for no other reason than _ to
use up the superabundant energy: with
which our youth are endowed. And while
football is too rough for the average- boy,
four miles too long a boat race for Im
mature hearts, and training is generally
carried over too long periods of time ana
la of too arduous a nature, still: the .total
result will be and is good. "But a graver
problem than that; of the regulation of
athletics is: What are v.'.e to do for the
adult man nnd v-o:nah-in the way-of en
couragement of physical exercise?" How
shall we keep the vigor "of .20 -years
whMi we are CO? It take3 no induce
ment to get the youth into some form.cf
recreative exercise, but he drops it as
soon as the cares of business besm to
occupy him, and yet. for the preservation
of liis own health and for the betterment
of posterity he should then be conserving
and training all the energy his football
days stored up for him.
The athletics of youth helps to make
fine physiques, and gives added health and
strength, but .in thus giving us .better
millinery it also increases our responsi
bilities, for disuse soon . ruins any ma
cliino ' ¦ * r . , — ' ¦¦ • -I-.."
' Chief Peril of Adult Iafe. ,
The greatest peril of adult life to-day ia
physical • inaction coupled with the ex
treme nervous tension of this new, rapid
century.* * ¦ * ¦ - * '
. The -whole' tendency of adult -life to-day.
is toward hard living, intense living— in
rapid progress in every direction— and in
general, the more rapid any advance the
more expensive the wear on the machine.
Our machinery needs, rest.. ." Our brains
are tired, and in no way can a tired brain
be rested so well as by giving it an entire
change of action. Take it away from the
problems of the ledger; drag, it \f rom the
office or store, and make it go out : of
doors to the golf links. or tennis 'court,
where, in company with. your legs, both
will be bettered; Do this and do it every
day, and there is no reason why for many
years you . should show that you have
passed into adult life, .
; Up to the Time of Middle I4f e. ._.:
The time of youth is the time of physi
cal fun. Exuberance of spirits calls for
kctlon, and there are but few boys whom
It is necessary to encourage to exercise,
the difficulty with them being to - direct
rather than to encourage ' them. "¦ With,
our girls the case is different— they do not
seek the more robust form of exercise;
and yet more and more each year they
are - coming 1 - to* follow; the way of. their
English sisters and through reforms in
dress ¦ and changes in social ideas are
more and more cultivating- health by
physical exercise. •
But when we come to middle life, there
Is an entire change, and- until the intro
duction of tennis followed and golf came
In there did not seem to bq any form of
physical recreation which came naturally
within the possibilities of the man w who
had "settled. down." • ¦.'-•-,. -' 1
Maturity Turns to Serious Things.^
Our 'average boy with a very fair, physi-.
cal .rffuiTjmenf with which to begin, his
life work enters adult life and its new
vista of possibilities. -Heretofore the way
has been smothed for him. The father
and mother cared for his needs and kept
cares from his shoulders. Now suddenly
he finds himself a distinct and responsible
factor in the work; of the world. ¦- Life is
no longer merely living. Life now becomes
a constant effort to live, j Successful j nien
are - all ¦ about him - and he | enters. ! the
"push" keyed up to the fullest • possible
activity of mind. - " *
Fortunes are not made with the hands
.in .. these day's. ' The head must do . th"e~
work or the desired increase will never
be .' attained. '.A' stock speculator loses . a
fortune before lunch or makes one before
dinner. - Shrewd purchase, sale, combina
tion, makes millionaires over, night.' When
the temptation is so great, what wonder
men fall under its fascination' and what
wonder we pay for it as wo do!*';
Cost of Modern. * Conditions. "
: The'fact is ; that v when we have reached
adult life many of. us have walked over
into old age..' We begin to be old as soon
as-youth has passe<Lr."~ At 50 we % have left
our teeth at the dentist's; lunch counters
and bars have , ruined our /digestions,' hair
ton:cs will not cover our. bald spots -and
we sleep' on drugs and waken unrested.
'•¦¦ Nervously ¦we are : tired out '; and » lack
the animation and • courage ' necessary » to
make us ptish out into any sort of muscu
lar activity. . We " do riot ; take ar summer,
vacation— many of us do— but .that is not
\to us, people of 40 years,. a time ftf active
recreation, but Is ¦ rather, a time for being
driven about 'the country or lying 1 inr a
hammock.-,., -,.--. :
.'¦;C*1 Get Back to Things of Youth. • 7
'i If adult ; life is riot to. be. old age but
rather a continuation : of ' youth . we : must
treat ourselves much ' as«we ¦ did in ,'youth.-
We must; rid ¦ ourselves ' of our. cares .'• at
least once every day , and , go In , for, some
thing in; ,which v our x arms and . legs '¦. can
join. : Physical • recreation, whether It * be '
in: the gymnasium or out of door exercise,
whether you <" spar, or walk,- row or; ride,
makes -i comparatively. 3 little -• i difference.'
Don't let some ; "professor! of gymnastics"
make you believe. that in-order. to get«ex
a ™<<... . if la ruacesaaxy : for .you . to -. enroll
\yhat American Men and Women Must Do
to Secure Most Completely Physical
:,-.:; and Mental Development.
By Dr. Edward KCitoliGools. Jr.,
PROFESSOR OF PHYSICAL, CULTURE AND HYGIENE, AND DIRECTOR OF
THE GYMNASIUM OF CORNELL. UNIVERSITY.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists. for
¦ The San: Francisco Gall.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS
THE SA^^FRANCISQO CALIi, THXIRSD^^MAY a6 v 190i;
Official returns from , the recent census of Great
Britain show the population, of London to 'be' 4,536,-
O34,.a gain of 7.3 per cent during, the past decade. \*It
will be- seen that if San Francisco intends to .be the
largest city^in the; world we will have to organize a
Five Million Club at once. ;- '<y ?<$&>'' -¦'"<•
v One ' of the most promising signs of, .the /reform
movement in' New.jYork this;year,-is tHatjDf.Park^
hurst '"doesn't '•figure'fin it.-. ' ¦'¦/ / ¦'¦:: : \[ :¦.'} '¦ "M : .
; The; thing: that New York is praying for just' novv
is : a spell of weather .hot .enough to make-Wall street
lancruid and 'jrive the people a chance to rest. ;. . '£' ;
6
-JmAY THE NINETEENTH—
¦ • • • • "¦'¦_¦¦- -
'- v ¦ '¦'¦',¦'. '¦ r . . ¦ ¦ ¦--. .' , : : ;. »
PASSING OF THE GREATEST
"PRIMATE BARBIS" WILD ANIMAL HUNT
COLONY. "~~ IN THE WORLD.
THE LATEST FADS . . THE HILLSIDE HOMES
' IN ' ' fir* • " '
r BATHING SUITS. BERKELEY.
i A THOUSAND BRIDAL '$ ||
r TOUR IN AN OPEN BOAT. ••
One o! the Most Uniqac and Adventuresome Honeymoons Ever Spent
.-- ;-. ¦•;•:•• , - . '.¦.*« : ".'•.:'
DRIVEN INTO THE HCTION, FASHIONS,
QUICKSANDS OF THE BOOKS
RIO GRANDE h VS- AND PAGES OF
Most Thrillinfl Ind'an Story o! HUMAN INTEREST
*?*¦ V STORIES.
WHO WILL NEXT / j THE '
RULE THE ABORIGINES OF V >
r : MORMON CHURCH? AUSTRALIA.
THE SUNDAY CALL LEAD$ THEM ALL
; , AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house— "Government Acceptance."
California— "Barbara Freitchie."
Central— "The Bowery After Dark."
Tlvoll— "The Toy Maker.",
Orpfceum— Vaudeville.
¦* Columbia— "Sac Harbor."
Alcazar— "Friends." . *~"
OJympla. corner Maaon and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
(tvec Inc.
Fischer'B— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— Columbia Minstrels.
Recreation Park — Baseball.'
¦ Ferry Building— Grand Flower Show. May 16, 17 and IS.
Sutro Baths— Swtaminr.
Emeryville Racetrack^Races to-day.
ATTrrTnTNT g at.tr
'By Joan J. Do>i**~Friday, Mar IT, .at 11. o'clock, Horses,
Can-lages. etc.. at S75 Folsom street.
- - <g^li|ft££j> — — HH .
_ >*4«eE2BS*-^
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWS FOR THE SUMMEL
. Gall Bnbisrrtljers contemplating a cliangre of
resld.ea.ee dnrlnsr tbe insimer months can hava
their paper forwarded by- mall to their new
addresses by notifying Tbe Call Business OSlce. '
Thin paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
resort* and Is represented by a local ageat la
mil towns en the coast.It's safer to ' cook at any rate than to
rate at any cook. . '• .
Visitors to the city will buy their wall
paper of G. ."WV Clark & Co., 633 Market. •
Ferndale — Aurora Lodge, Smith D. O'Neal
and T. J. Fenncssy; Folsom— Folsom Lodge,
Samuel Dowdln; Forest— Bald Mountain Lodge,
Frank L. Cole- and Thomas Da vies; Forest
Hill — Fern Leaf Lodge. 'William" A. Larue;
Fortuna— Sprlngville Lodge, Arthur C. Edson
and Frank J. Clvlns; Fowler— Fowler Lodge,
Elsinore-^Lake Elsinore Lodge, Lafayette
Tates; Escondido — Themis Lodge, Arthur Jones;
Eureka— Lincoln Lodge, Andrew Jordahl and
Henry S. Turner; Exeter— BcnnSe Srae Lodge,
James F. EWngan.
Alameda— Alameda Lodge. W. George Chap
lin and Victor Englnger; Alhambra— Alhambra
Lodge, R. H. Moorhead and O. W. Longden;
Alturas— Maverick Lodge, Ellsworth G. Scam
mon; -Amador City— Amador • Lodge, Edward
Jeffery and John Mitchell; Angels Camp-
Angels Lodge, William P. Huston; Arcata—
North Star Lodge, Frank D. Caubarras and J.
Monroe Light; Arroyo Grande— Arroyo Grande
Lodge, Frank E. Bennett; Auburn— Auburn
Lodge, Robert F. Burns and John A. Predom.
Benlcia— Benlcla Lodge, Otto G. Trautz and
F. W. Blanchard; Bishop— Inyo Lodge, Will L.
Smith; Blue Lakes— Mid River Lodge. Duncan
Campbell and' George D. Yocum; Bodle— Mono
¦Jodge, W. H. Virden; Bradley — Bradley Lodge,
Stephen Whittlesey.
Carpenteria— Seaside Lodge, J. G. Deadrick;
Carters— Carters Lodge, Charles B. Burley;
Centervllle— Centervllle ' Lodge, Frank T.
Hawes; Chico— Pride of Butte Lodge, J. W.
Barker and Charles , Fetters; Chinese Camp —
Eagle Lodge, William G. Rowe; Chino— Nero
Lodge, Hugh Percy and Milton R. Levy; Col
fax—Colfax Lodge, Darius V. Norton; Colton—
Colton Lodge, M. C. Butterfield; Corning—May
woad LCdge. Richard R. McMullen; Coulterville
— Coulterville Lodge, William II. Bunney;
Crescent City— Perseverance Lodge. Francis W.
Smith and Aaron A. Barneburg; Crockett—Sel
by Lodge, William R. Burress and Thomas J.
Christian.
Dixon-rOtbello Lodge, Silas E. Morse; Duns
muir—Eagle Cliff Lod?c, Wilfred Ladlow and
T. R. SkrtJington; K Dutch Flat— Cedar Lodge,
Isaac T. Coffin. •• .
The following is a list of the delegates
alphebetically arranged under the places
from which they will come to the Grand
Lodge:
I/ist of Delegates.
During the week of the convocation the
Uniform Rank will hold meetings and
the Grand Temple of the Rathbone Sis
ters, the ladies' auxiliary of the Knights,
will hold its annual session in Stockton.
The Knights of Khorassan, that is Zerin
Kapi Temple, which bears to this order
the same relation that the Shrlners do
to the Masonic body, will hold a cere
monial session, which will be enlivened by
the induction of a number of innocents
who want to learn the oriental mysteries
of the temple.
The officers and representatives to the
Grand Lodge will be the guests of a spe
cial committee representing Charter Oak,
Centennial and Nemo lodges of Stockton,
of which H. R. Campbell is president,
Irving Martin secretary and A. A. Small
field treasurer. The following is the pro
gramme that has been arranged for the
week:
Monday evening:— Public reception at Masonic
Music Hall; adaresses'of welcome; responses
by the grand chancellor and by the grand
chief- orchestral music and vocal numbers;
open-air concert on courthouse plaza; open
ing Bession and conferring of Grand Lodge
Session of Grand Lodge in forenoon
and afternoon; In the evening concert and en
tertainment at Stockton Mineral Baths.
Wednesday— Session of Grand Lodge In the
-norn'ng; street parade In the afternoon. In
the evening exhibition drill between Stockton
local company of U. R..K. P. and canton of
I. O. O. F. at the Pavilion, with concert and
dance.
Thursday — Sessions of Grand Lodge in fore
noon and afternoon. In the evening, D. O.
K. K work at Pythian Castle; exemplifica
tion of work by Rathbone Sisters at Masonic
Music Hall.-
Friday— Sessions of Grand Lodge In the fore
noon and aftentoon. In the evening, grand
ball; possibly an excursion.
Programme of Exercises.
a dozen Knights true and bold have
been looking over the field with a view
to determine if it is worth the while to
have their names placed in nomination.
and S. G. Little of Dixon, grand master
of the exchecuer, will be continued in of
fice without opposition; Dr. F. J. Bethel
of Stockton will probably become the
grand master at arms, while the contest
for grand inner and outer guard will be
"an-open-for-all" one. One supreme rep
resentative will be elected and more than
Palo Alto— Palo Alto Lodge, Marshall. Black
and George W. Harms; Pasadena— Pasadena
Lo"c!ge, CharlFF F. Hamlin and Frank W.
Healy; Perrls--Perrip Lodge, "William B. Pay
ton; Pfctaluma — Petaluma Lod?e, Arthur M.
Adams: Petrolia— Mattole Lodge, 1. N. l>augh
erty; Placerville— Placerville I^odge, P. B.
Hopan and Shelly Inch; Pomona— Aetna Lodge,
Edmund M. Keller and Edward Gerson; Por
terville—Porterville Lodg». A. A. Howard.
Bedlande— Rcdlands Lodge. Charles Pest and
Henry B. Wilson; Rio Vista— River View
Lodge, Bert Sheldon and James E. Sullivan;
Riverside— Sunnyslde Lodge, Stephen A. No
land ai.d Charle3 It. Stibbens.
San Francisco — California Lodge, John IIu
ber; Damon Lodge, "Will J. Beatty and J.
Bruce Cliftoni; Golden Gate Lodge, M. A.
Samuels and Henry Bornemann; Laurel Lodge,
Krnest Ulman and John Dcrn; Ivanhoe Lodge.
Orvllle Norcross and Charles Danzlger; Ale
mania Lodge, Kasten Winter and Henry
Strieker; Eureka Lodge, Charles Oman and F.
O Raabe; Harmonie Lodge, Robert Thiemann;
Myrtle Lodge C. S. Hoffman and C. W. Nevln;
Syracuse Lodge, Emll Cohn and Charles Levy;
Unity Lodge S. W. Powell, C. F. Schoenfeldt
and WilHam J. Kldd: Golden City Lodge, Fred
Radelflnger. George D. Dixson and Conrad T.
Gromme; Bay City Lodge, Jacob Samuels and
Charles E. Morey; Roma Lodge, Glnotto Marl
onl, Joseph Calegarls, Gulseppe Pellettlerl and
Antonio d' Andrea. Sacramento — Sacramento
Lodge, Judson Sabin and Abe Wilson; Colum
bia Lodge. Rufus H. Rhodes and William J.
Hogan; Confidence. Lodge, W. H. Greenlaw and
Columbus S. Van Roy; Capitol Lodge, Oscar
F. Graf and George M. Ilsley. Salinas— Salinas
Lodge J. E. Hunter and Walter E. Norrls;
San A'rdo— San Ardo Lodge, George Dudley Jr. ;
San Bernardino— Valley Lodge, W. D. Wagner,
C W. Burgess and R. W. McGllllvary; San
;D| eBO _San Diego Lodge, Frank J. Benz and
I. Isaac Irwln; Red Star Lodge, Milton A.
Cochran and William "W. Gephart; Jefferson
Lodge, A. N. Codeglia; Mars Lodge, Daniel B.
Marcy and Eugene J. Sullivan; Sanger— Sanger
Lodge, Orle Hay ward; San Jose — Triumph
Lodge "William F. Foss and Frank J. Bran
don* San Jose Lodge, James S. McGinnls anti
Frank, L. Donahoe; San Lucas— Beatrice Lodge,
Victor Plsonl and William Grlewold; San Luis
Oblspo— Park Lodge, Kaufman Green; San
Pedro— San Pedro Lodge. Sylvester Gwaltnay
and Charles Hackensen; Santa Ana— Santa Ana
Lodge, William I. Clendenon and Charles W.
Hannah. Santa Barbara— Santa Barbara,
James G. Stark; Castle Rock Lodge, Ellsworth
D Bates and James Herd. Santa Cruz — Ava
lon Lodge. W. M. 'Gardner, Herbert D. Smith
and William A. McGulrc; Santa Maria— Santa
Maria Lodge. Theodore R. Flnley and Milton
O. Palmer; Santa Monica — Pacific Lodge. A.
William' McPherson; Santa Rosa — Santa Rosa
Lodge, Henry G. Hahman and Ray W. Poat;
Selma— Selma Lodge, Charles A. Marsh; Sierra
City— Sierra Lodge, William Eschenbruecher;
Slsson— Lily Lodge. . Chester W. Mapes and
Joachim Kundert; Sonora— Union Lodge, A. O.
Bmiterlous and Angus A. Grant; St. Helena-
Pluto, Lodge, W. A. Macklnder and A. B.
Swartout: Stockton— Charter Oak Lodge,
George W. Gorm.yi and Frank J. Verdon; Cen
tennial Lodge. iSi vid C. Shepherd. Huron B.
Brown and Charles N. Starkey; Nemo Lodge,
Thomas A. Nelson and F. J. Bethel ;-SuIoun—
Sulsun Lodge, J. F. Maganlni and Paul Meyer;
Summerland— Summerland 'Lodge, Byron , Pres
ton. • . i , .
¦ Tracy— West Side Lodge, Daniel Canale.a"nd
William von Sosten; Truckee— Summit Lodge,
Oscar Legault and William McDougald; Tur
lock — Turlock Lodge, Charles D. Swan.
Ukiah— Uklah Lodge, Richard L. Crane and
Albert P. Brunner. .
Vacaville— Franklin Lodge. John B. Wren;
Xallelo— Washington Lodge, John J. Armstrong
and Harry W." Smith; Ventura — Buezia Lodge,"
Edward M. Jones; Vlsalia— Vlsalla. • Lodge,
James F. Williams and John M. Boynton.
Watsonvllle— Iolanthe Lodge, Henry F. Blohm
and James B. .Edwards; Winters— Damocles
Lodge, T. - H. Fenley; "Woodbrldge — Duroc
Lodge, Amos Boyce and E. A. Covell ; Wood
land—Pythian Lodge, Frank Dletz and -David
J. Williams. , ¦ - ¦ • k
Treka— Yreka Lodge, Otho A. Bennett and
Henry C. Schultz. • . .
well; Nlpomo— Nlpomo Lodge, John A. Cam
eron; North Bloomrteld— Spartan Lodge, Josiah
Glasson.
Oakdale— Oakdale Lodge, George T. McCabe;
Oakland— Live Oak Lodge, James R. Sloan
and Isidor L. Cavasso; Oakland Lodge, Joseph
Bobet and Joseph Gllman; Brooklyn Lodge,
Monroe G. West and Joseph Anderson: Ama
zon Lodse, Robert Munce; Liberty Lodge,
George F. Collver and James L. Barnes;
West Oakland Lodge, John Grossman and
Charles V. Wiener; Piedmont Lodg-e, Frank. B.
Larmer and Leroy F. Herrick; OrosI— Orosi
OFFICERS OF THE COMMITTEE APPOINTED BY THE KNIGHTS OF
PYTHIAS OF STOCKTON TO MAKE PREPARATIONS FOR RECEP
TION OF DELEGATES TO THE ANNUAL CONVENTION.
L. S. Calkins of Nevada City, at presr
ent grand vice chancellor, is In line for
snd will undoubtedly be elected grand
chancellor; Dr. D. L.. Trapk of Los Ange-
Irs, grand prelate, will be advanced to
vice chancellor. For the office of prelate
i here will be a contest in which B. B.
Sargent of Salinas, S. X. Reed of Bakers
fleld and D. C. Ciark of Santa Cruz will
figure. Herman Schaffner of San Fran
cisco, grand keeper of records and seal,
Prospective New Officers.
The Grand Lodge will have in addition
to the following named grand officers: W.
T. Jeter,, grand chancellor. Santa Cruz;
L. S. Calkins, grand vice chancellor, Ne
vada City; D. K. Trask, grand prelate,
I. os Angeles; H. Schaffner, grand keeper
of records and seals, San Francisco;, S. G.
Little, grand master of the exchequer,
Dixon: J. M. Newman, grand master at
;;ties, Colfax; C. Vermason, grand inner
ptarCm Ferris; J. H. Johnston, grand outer
guard, Sacramento; grand trustees— H. E.
Ixish. Santa Cruz; AL E. Kirby. Madera;
supreme representatives^ — A. J. Buckles,
George E. Church, W. ,C. Graves; 375 rep
resentatives, who will represent ISO active
k.fjges and nearly 12,000 members.
The prominent subjects for legislation
will be a proposition to hold biennial ln-
Eie&d of annual sessions; action on a site
ofi'cred for a Pythian Home and matters
relating to the session of the Supreme
Lodge. The site that has been offere4
for a home is at Wood bridge, fourteen
milep from Stockton. The order by a per
cap'ta tax of 10 cents per member, col
lected for several years past, has raised
the sum of J10.000 to be used to build the
home when a site shall have been pro
cured.
Stockton, commencing next Tues
day. The session will continue until the
Inflowing Friday. It will be marked by
the presence of Supreme Chancellor Og
den H. Fethers, and con.T 4 ander-in-chief
of the Uhiior-: Jtcmk of the order Major
General James K. Camahan, and his ad
jiuunt. J: M. Powell, who will be in this
State for some time to make arrange
ments for the fcession of the Supreme
Lodge to* be held in this city in 1902.
p=™^a H*E next annual convocation of
I tHe Grand Lodge of the Knights of
• \f Pythias of the domain of Califor-
IL nla will be held in the city of
Madera— Madera Lodge, Madison E. KIrby
and W. F. Waddell; Mariposa — Mariposa
Lodge, George C. Congdon; Merced — Yosemite
Lodge, F. A. Robip.scn and C. M. French;
Mendota— Sunset Lodp«\ Emtl Grunlg; Modes
to—Modesto Lodge, Willard A. 'Downer and
"William C. Grove; Monterey— Monterey Lodge,
Adolph Garrlck. - "
r»apa — Fidelity Lodee, Max Schwartz end
Ruby M. Kyser; National City— Loma Lodge,
A. J. Burnside; Needles— Mojave Lodge, Gecrse
JT. Nay; Nevada City— MIlo Lodge, Frank T.
Nilon and A.~'.R. Lord; New Almadon — Cinna
bar Lcdte, Alfred Tresroning and Uichard J.
Hawke; Newcastle — Placer Ledge. F. H. How
el!; Newman— Newman Lodg;, J. D. Black-
Hanford— Mussel Slough Lodge, Daniel Finn;
Hanford Lodge, James W. Graham and T.
F. Fisher; Highland— Highland Lodge, Thomp
son B. Hurray and A. Stanley Dolan.
Jackson — Kathbone Lodge, William M. Pen
ry and George W. Erown.
Lincoln— Oak Leaf Lodge, Edward J. Tem
ple and Marcus Thomsen; Loskeford— Vesper
Lodge No. 93. William Ennls; Lodl— Lodl
Lodge. ¦ Thomas H. Hatton and Theron R. Lil
lie; Lompoc — Lompoc Lodge, F. C. Fisk and
J. W. de Wolf; Long Beach— Long Beach
Lodge. Allen C. Walker and Edward H. Jack
son; Los Angeles— Samson Lodge, Robert A.
Ling and Peter A. Kelley. Marathon Lodge,
Charles F. Guthridge and Charles Stansbury.
Los Angeles Lodge, Aflolph L. .Selig and Les
lie R. Hewitt; Los Gatos— Los Gatxw Lodge,
Richard F. Robertson. #
Gait— Gait Lodge, F. C. Hauschlldt and Wil
liam Suter; Grass Valley — Olympic Lodge.
John W. Eastus, William G. Lord and Samuel
T. Jones.
Pierre V. Chase; French Gulch— Fremont
Lodge.' George D. Prentice; Fresno — Vlneland
Lodge, K. L. Hubbell and Paul Huntzsch.
Fresno Lodge, Benjamin Y. Coulson and Ole
P, Kieldscn. - |
The production of the evidence concern
ing the real Texas rates may be in the
discretion of Attorney Frank H. Short.
He hAs been Interviewed by a Call cor
respohdent-and says in substance that he
will bring up the Texas matter. "It seems
to me," Mr. Short Is reported to . have
said, "that no good reason can exist why
California oil producers should pay a
higher rate for transportation of oil than
the Texas producers over the same sys
tem, it being admitted that no more fa
vorable condition could exist for oil
transfer than exists In California. The
conditions make fair rates imperative." '
Even at the present low rates in Texas
there Is dissatisfaction, which again
throws a strong side light upon the price
charged for moving the fuel oil in Cali
fornia. The correspondent of The Call at
Austin, Texas, telegraphs as follows:
AUSTIN Texas, May 15. — The discovery and
development of fuel oil of the Beaumont ' field
has forced upon the Texas Railroad Commission
the necessity of fixing: a tariff of freight rates
on that product between Beaumont and other
points In the State. The commission has re
ceived many communications during the last
few weeks from prospective consumers of this
oil asking: that a rate be established, and a
hearing on the subject will be called by the
commission in a few days to determine what
rate shall be fixed. It is asserted that under
existing freight charges the oil cannot be used
at an economical advantage over coal In some
sections of I the State. Many larse manufac
turers of Houston, Galveston and San Antonio
are already using- the Beaumont oil for fuel,
however, and It will quickly come Into general
use throughout the State when equitable freight
rates on the product are fixed.
Railroad Commissioner . Blackstock of
Ventura County makes the ! .statement
that Ithe people of Southern California, so
far as he has ascertained, oppose the
proposition to have a rate of 25 cents per
barrel made from Bakersfield to San
Francisco, which- is requested by Le
Blanc in his complaint.. He does not give
any reason for this opposition. None iiaa
been,' made public by the Southern Call-*
fornia newspapers. ' . ¦ . .
Short's Opportunity.
hachapi. • , V
Since the complaint was filed the secre
tary of the Railroad Commission of Texas
has forwarded to the Board of Railroad
Commissioners of California an annual
report which contains what purports 'to be
an official statement of the rates for the
transportation of fuel oil in Texas that
are now in use. The statements In the re
port are entirely misleading. The fact is
that fuel oil In Texas is moved from Beau
mont to El Paso, a distance of 91G miles,
for 19 cents per barrel of 600 pounds. «The
report received from, the Texas commis
sioners makes the rates for distance of 225
miles and upward, according to. whether
the oil is carried over roads entirely under
one management or over roads under dif
ferent managements, from 72 cents to 90
cents per barrel of 600 pounds, or 12 to 15
cents per 100 pounds, the tabulation being
made up in the latter form. ¦
Misleading Evidence.
On the showing of the evidence con
tained In this report it can be made to ap
pear that the rate in California is less
than the rate in Texas, whereas the -real
fact is that the rate in California, con
sidering distances, is six times the charge
of Texas. From El Paso to Beaumont tlie
distance Is over WO miles as acalnst COO
miles! from Bakersfleld to San Francisco.
Moreover, the road in Texas is over sleep
grades for a good part, while the road
trom Bakerstield to San Francisco Is prac
tically all down hill.
Whether the real facts will be made to
appear in reference to the Texas rates
when the Railroad Commissioners may
finally come to the hearing Is an interest
ing question. It may have been impossible
for the Texas Railroad Commissioners to
convey to the California Commissioners
the truth, but there was no difficulty In
ascertaining it when. The Call sent a
query to El Paso. .The answer came soon
after the query wa3 sent on Its way. The
California Railroad Commissioners have
no official knowledge of the actual Texas
rates: Plainly the transportation lines
are interested in keeplnfc the California
people In the dark if possible. There is
a suspicion in some quarters that the
printed report of the Texas Commission
ers, s.o radically misleading at this time,
has been steered up against the Califor
nia Commissioners by some interested
party. , -
The fact that some of the leading oil
producers of the Kern River district- do
not know. Mr. Le Blanc as a producer in
that section may or may not have any
Interest.
Unless all signs are deceptive, the usual
process of shifting responsibility when
there «are any proceedings before the
Board of Railroad Commissioners of Cal
ifornia Involving a proposed reduction of
rail freight rates in the State is about to
be again used. This time it is to belog
the minds of the oil producers of Califoix,
nla. Some time ago a complaint was filed
before. the Railroad Commissioners in the
name of John Le Blanc, who was repre
sented by Attorney Frank H. Short, in
which It was set forth that the rates for
moving the crude /fuel oil of California
were excessive. The rate between Bak
ersneld and San Francisco is. 42. cents per
barrel. The same rate holds good to points
north of Sah Francisco. In addition there
are spur track and ' switching charges
that are mentioned and described In the
complaint. All this ground lias already
been gone over, and it is necessary only<
to allude to It. The essential point Is that
the rate Is practically 42 cents per barrel
all around in the State north of*Te-
California Pays Six Times
th9 Charges Fixed for
¦; " : ¦' Texas.
Some One Trying to Fog
Facts About the Oil
• Rates.
FALSE FIGURES
FDR THE BOARD
the san francisco: call, Thursday, may ie, 1901.
Officers Who Are in Line of Promotion for the Pythian Year.
Question of Holding Biennial Convocation to Be Discussed.
Suitable Site Offered for Home for Members of the Order
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS' WILL MEET
IN CITY OF STOCKTON TUESDAY
7
AMTJSEMENTS.
VVkygllralM IEADISG THEATRE
LAST 3 NIGHT3 Hi ;
AND SATURDAY MATINEE,
dames A. Hernc's Gr;at Pla>-,
¦A STORY OF HEART AND HOME.
Last Performance Saturday Night.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
MATINEES WEDNESDAY and SATURDAT.
HENRY MILLER
And a Strong Supporting Company In
"HEARTSEASE."
Seat Sale Begins This Mornln?.
EVENINGS AT 8!
MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY AT 2:30.
ACCOUNT LAUNCHING BATTLESHIP OHIO.
"A Splendid Su=;ess!"
"HAS SET EVERY ONE TALKING!"
THE
111 H V
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 50o
Telephone— Bush 9.
; A FRESIDENTIAL WELCOME BILL
JAMES O. BARROWS. JOHN LANCASTER
AND COMPANY: BISON CITY QUAR-
TETTE. ED LATELLE. THE FOUR HUNT-
INGS. ZEB AND ZARROW, THE BIO-
GRAPH.
Last Week of the Favorites.
THE AGOUST FAMILY and
McINTYRE AND HEATH.
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c: Operm
Chairs and .Box Seata. SOc.
Matinees — Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
BEIASCO *"°THAL£Sjforf$&
/^5ti-W mtsacmiuu
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY!
The Champion Feather- Weight.
* TERRY McCOVERN
IN HIS GREAT SUCCESS.
"THE BOWERY AFTER DARK.'.'
A sensational melodrama. Terry McGovern
appears as the Bowery Boy In every act.
A THREE-ROUND CONTEST Every Evening
• In the . I<ast Act Between Terry Mc-
Govern and Danny Dougherty.
pn If EC EVENINGS 10c. 15c. 25c. 33c. SOc
I HiVC J MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— Magnificent Production of '
"SHADOWS OF A GREAT CITY!"
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-DAY.
SOc.
TO-NIGHT!
MATINEE SAT. 2:30 P. M.
MR. JAMES NE!LL
And the NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting CLYDE FITCH'S Dramatic
Triumph.
BARBARA
FRIETCHIE:
¦ Evening 25c. 35c. SOc. 75c. $1.00
Saturday Matinee........... Ec. SOc 73o
Starting Sunday Night— Second and Last
Week of "BARBARA FRIETCHIE."
NEXT— "PHROSO."
Sm^ ti i IS! n "V" jn ey v A gw
» » Jtt.fmJri. I nC • *\ r
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2:30.
MATINEE SUNDAY AT 2.
Our President's Greeting.
Elaborate Scenic Production of Milton Royle*«
Comedy Drama,
Reserved Seats— 13c. 23c, 33c, 50c.
Next Week— DOUBLE BILL. -
"THE FIRST BORN" an1 . "BLOBUHV
SEATS NOW READY.
RACING I RACING I RACING !
f SPRING MEETING— Opening April 23.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUU.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
'Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 3:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two car3 on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4:43 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. v
Grand Flower Show,
California State Floral Scciety.
GRAND NAVE,. FE3RY BUILDSK6.
Thursday, Friday. Saturday,
MAY 16. .17, 18.
ADMISSION S5c. Day and Fvyninft.
UpALACE HOTEL*-
Visitors to San Francisco who make-
their headauarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not' to
j be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
i tlon, courteous attacnes and unequ&Ted
; cuisine. American and European plans.
*»GRAND HOTELS
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 /.ores
Rich Valley Land In Ma-
dera County.
For particulars address FARM. 313 Market
Street. S. F. ¦ . ¦
1~ BAJACALIFORNIA
I Damiaha Bitters
j.| S A GREAT KESTOKATIV'L'. lNVluo<v.v-'
• tor and Nervine.' . ¦ . ¦•
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
. Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both s«i«.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the KU-
neys and Bladder. .Sells on its own merit*
i NABER. ALFS Sc BRUNE. Agents*
in Market st., S. F.— (Send for Circular*. »
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
$100 invested, NOW in
9 proposition we have
on hand WILL MAKE
you $1000.
JAS/R. T^ERSHON,
Meiijber S. F. Oil Exchange. -^
537, 538, 539, 5SO PARROTT BDC.S.P.
oil-water;
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
: MANUFACTURE
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELLS. FOR IRRIGATION. FOR
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
TANKS
. FOR OIL, FOR WATER. FOR CTANIDK
- - PLANTS.
BAN FRANCISCO.
Directory
mmOImm
Reputable
*. ' ¦¦-. ¦
Companies:
NAPA AND BEBRTESSA VALLEY OIL
COMPANY— Controls 1000 acres of U. S. patent-
ed land In Napa County where tn» finest lubri-
cating oil In California Is found: stock at M
cents; prospectus furnished. 670 and 571 Parrott
building. San Francisco. - :¦ ¦
SALINAS OIL; AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
1880 ACRES IN. MONTEREY COUNTY. '
• Well down 300 feet; small amount of treasury
stock at i I5c ¦ per share. •. Prospectus and ' map '
and Information on application. J. B. OLSEN.
, Secretary. 674 Parrott building. San Franclaco.
SAN^JOSEJ)Ii; EXCHANGE £€H> o ri
lands bought and sold; legitimate business from
responsible companies ¦ solicited. - E. C. ROD-
WICK. Manager;' telephone Main 147; 26 N.
First st.,"; San- Jose, Cal. . .. . ¦'¦.'.
SILVER .STAR OIL . CO. '
: Land* In heart of McKlttrick " District; ad-
joining large producing wells. : Small block i of
stock for sale. Prospectus and Information fur-
nished < at room (08 Safe Deposit Building. 331
Montgomery st.
: First Submarine Cable.
The first submarine cable was laid. across ths
English Channel about fifty years ago. It was
also about the same time that : Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, the world-renowned dyspep-
sia cure, was first Introduced to the public.
If you are a sufferer from this ailment, or
from iindlgestlon, flatulency, constipation, ner-
vousiAss or Insomnia you snould try. It at onc«.
If you would be well. It will strengthen-your
entire system and preduce sound sleep. . •
TEETH WITHOUT PLATES
• : $5/00. .'
< •/. s ,-;¦'••- ¦ ' ¦-¦ ; :
¦JVhy wear cumbersome plates when you
can have teeth without them? ',
g£r Chalmers DentalCa,
meats. . 133 Powell St. A .
¦ .. 'i - . ¦ ¦ - • '-¦ ' - <:' ¦ -
SIO^^RUPTURE^ CURED
for TEH DOLLARS.
2S%Zgj&a£gS?t3iSs&''v Thoneanrls,havo been cnretl
¦^EJESSEbEBbEsKJ- at their own liomod for this
Wtlllfx fl^^^^y vention of the Ape. Recnr-
i^pSii*' - tured. •" JJ o worthless ralves
g^SS^S.rgft.Kg.^Sfetfgi or lotions to ru>?o:>. It dees
\>.; ¦ 7\iJ T**- 1^^* the work.* Investigate!
"BootirtXo. 1" ffivlnff full Information mailed, immedi-
ately on receipt t:. .Mtupan" «>.Uadvt.
¦AGBtTIO TIUSS 2OG,Posf St 5Arl "f* WISC0.
> AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND 1 OPEP?A HOUSE *
ALL OF THIS WEEK!
SATURDAY MATINEES AT 2;30!
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF DANIEL L.
HART'S COMEDY DRAMA,
"GOVERNMENT
ACCEPTANCE."
PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c. A Few Seats, 73c
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra
SATURDAY and SUNDAY MATINEES. 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
3STE3CT TATEEK-
"THE QUEEN OF CHINATOWN."
OF TfWSF 9 ! A st.,
\JB~i a iwBM^S A\ con.MAson
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE IN
THE CITY.
Miss ETHEL BARLOW
The $40,000 Beauty. With the $60,000 Wardrobe
IN LIVING PICTURES.
INGHAM,
The World-Famous Equilibrist.
MABEL HUDSON,
The Popular California Nightingale.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NJGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE,
CHUTES_AND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN
And £er Three Pickaninnies.
FORREST~~SEABURY,
HIGH DIVER.
SPECIAL^Tb-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS
,,'..AND..
THE LADY BLACKSMITHS in a PRIZE
- , . STRIKING CONTEST.
Telephone for seats— Park 23.
ALHAMBRA.
.., NEW PROGRAMME TO-NIGHT.
Columbia Minstrel Co.
Oi"fcBlack-face Artists— Singers, Dancers./* /"k
¦ vv Comedians, -Vaudeville J Performers.OVf
PRICES..: 10c. 25c and 50c
Beats at the Theater and the Emporium.
. , Phone Howard 1974. ..
BASEBALL.
$AN FRANCISCO vs. SACBAHENTO.
Thnrsdayand Friday, "Ladies' Days,"
AT 3»lg F». 7V\.
RECREATION PARK;f
Eighth and . Harrison streets. -
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOyniin.O Admission 1O.-.
: Damery ' and Bancroft, Augusta ; Salvlnl,
Clara Palmer Hyde. De Boe. , Belle Wilton and
Evans. . Devees and Evans. .¦
- • Reserved Scats. - 25ov . Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.-
OPEN NIGHTS.
?V ' Open ' Dally From '7 a. . m. to 10 p. m. '
. Bathing From 7 a, m. . to 10 p. j m. 'JJ
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN Sc."" 7
Bathing, including admission, 23c. Children,' 20c
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Bradford Quicksilver Mine,
*. San Benito County.
Silver Greek Quicksilver Mine,
Santa Cfara County.
Having .bought and developed these mine*.
Curing thf past three yeas*, and now desiring
to build expensive furnaces, we o2er to the
public the balance of the Treasury Stock, about
20,000 ebare* In each company, on the follow-
ing terms:
CO CENTS PER SHARE.
JCo Btock sold unless equal amount Is taken
In each company.
Both mines under on* management.
VAST QUANTITIES OF RICH ORE AI^
RFADY DEVELOPED.
DIVIDENDS WILL BE PAID AS SOON AS
FURNACES AKE RUNNING.
Quicksilver mines are the most permanent
and profitable of all mines. Our mines are
adjacent to mines that have produced over
4100,000,003 worth of quicksilver. ¦
Let us t>how you these mines, and Judge for
youreelf. . "...
We guarantee to pay all assessments on this
etock fcr five years. . '
The money obtained from the sale of stock
•will be used In the construction of Scott Fur-
r.aces, -which Mr. Robert Scott is now building,
end developments, which will immediately raise
the pries of the stock. ¦ *
H. H. BRADFORD.
. President and General Manager.
1 North Market St.. SAN JOSE. CAL.
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office,
413 Kearny St.. San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
Has a remarkable effect in strength-
ening the voice and ' maintaining its
tone. It is largely employed by clergy-
men, lawyers, teachers, singers and
actors. ;
All DrujJJists. Refuse Substitutes.
7&Z-}±)'j\ S.klt'0. -... * 'i : ""' Hale's. . :
V _ ff^l^. , 'c-r
Ready =to= wear Hats.
; REDUCED.
\ No half-way work about it. Prices are down— definitely, emphatically.
Lines that have moved too fast or too slow will be quickly evened up at three
prices ; •
! 35c 68c $1 15
| for hats that were $1.75 " for ha's that were $1.00 for hats ihat were $1.75
\ 1o$2.25. 1o $1.75, to $2 25.
Among .them are walkers, sombreros, sailors, etc. -
Some 300 dozen in the three lots, in about 200 styles, i. e., in different
shapes and straws and trimminers. Everything is ready when you read this.
7 Flowers marked dowir too.
They are here in abundance. We helped to clean out two or three New
York makers. .The flowers are iust here — bright and new, and prices are
half what they would otherwise be.
: Roses— Bunch of 6, 35c. k Fine Silk and Chiffon Roses—
Tiny. June Roses:-^ dozen to the Bunch of twelve and buds. «8c.
V !->-'„ American Beauty Hoses — -$ of
~ ' « -¦¦„' i , , them and buds with foliage. 48c".
Fine Mousseline Buds— Per bunch Silk and Velvet . Roses— 3 in a
of 12. 50c. .; ¦ .\. bunch, 45c.
Odd Lace Cu rtai ns
i c a Loss.
j To-day we start a clearance sale of 300 single or half-pairs Nottingham
I curtains (ecru or white) that have been .used as store samples durinsr the
early part of. the season. Because they don't look as fresh as they should
is another reason for this remarkable reduction. They are three to three
and a half yards long and 50 to 58 inches wide — very useful for single windows
or cut in half for sash curtains. • - :
It's a splendid. chance for bright, thrifty housekeepers.
TO SAVE A HALF
Take your choice to-day and until sold from 3 prices —
35c, 40c and 50c each,
. If you'd get the most for your money you'll come before they are picked
over — on sale in the drapery store — 2nd floor. t
Household Hardware.
¦ .
. Every home needs them. Every home can have them. Common things,
[ I ','• but interestingly priced here — thus: .
L7& A Wire ccat hangers, each 4c. Hatchets for the home, 13c. <y\\
71 Hi Carpet stretchers, 10c. : ' \ Good quality water filters, 23c. \t J)
s w Corkscrews, 10c. , Genuine Dover egg beater. 10c. N)/^
• ¦}¦' Roll toilet paper holders, 10c. Chopping 1 knives, 10c. IVIflv '
.¦', \ Asbestos holders for sad Gas lighters, 15c. //• •
jl) irons, 5c. Tack pullers. 7c. //
/P$\ Handles for Mrs. Potts' irons, Pie crimpers, 5c. //
tjl IV)) 10c." V. 'Tapers for lighting gas, 5c /./ />,
, IX^— S . Picture) molding hooks, 10c per package. - VJ An
\ \ dozen. - Carpet beaters, 10c. //.//
. \\ - Bird-cage hooks. 10c each. Metal trimmed lemon squeez- fhl
\ \ ¦ ' Clothes line pulley, 10c. ers, 10c. //, /
A. Extra grood tack hammers, 5c. Wire flytraps, 15c. I/// '
. \ Full size hammers, 15c. - Wire sink strainers. 10c. ///
,- A\ . L_ — -' ' , - - I J/ -. ,'-Don't talk at random. Make everything
you say >hit; the mark or save your am
munition.: ¦ ' ¦ .
The Clothing. Assignee Sale,
773 i Market street, -~ sells thosej- fancy
worsted, strictly; all-wool suits," worth $15;
for $4.65. ' Men's" spring overcoats, In light
and dark, cost $15, for $4.65 at the Clothing
Assignee Sale . of the Boston, 773 Market
street, near Fourth. ' •
The Santa Fe is now carrying passen
gers to the Yosemite' via stage from Mer
ced. Starting on California Limited to
day, you are at the. Sentinel' Hotel to-mor
rqy afternoon, passing Merced Big Trees
en route. ¦¦.,'¦ -
7 Ask about it at 611 Market street .
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
• A-Paladinl will run his splendid < new
tugs Alexandria, Walter,- Henrietta and
U. S. Grant to the launching of [the bat
tleship Ohio on Saturday, May 18 Thev will
leavethe *°ot °f 7 alle J° street at ?1 a. «
.On the return, after the . launching thev
will make a run around the bay and Goat
Island. : A limited . number of passengers
only will be taken. Fare 75 cents S
ket, 520 Merchant. street,- and on Saturday
at the wharf, i •.» ¦ »*
Paladini Tugs to the Launching.
RAN JOSE, March 15.— About 4000 people
attended the bicycle races this afternoon.
In the three-mile motor cycle race New
kirk lowered the world's record. None of
the automobile races announced took
took place. Results:
One-third mile, novice— A. T. Smith won
Tichner second, L. Smith third. Time, :53 4-5'
Two-thirds mile handicap, amateur Lace
Downing- won. Burton Downing second Back
roth third. Time, 1:26 1-5.
Two-mile handicap, professional— McFarland
won. H. Downing second. Freeman third.
Bell fourth. Time. 4:20 4-5.
One mile, open amateur. pac^d — Burton
Downing won, Lace Downing second, Pat Mc-
Donald third. Time; 2:13 1-5.
Three miles, motorcycle— Newkirk and Stone
won, Turville brothers second. Downing and
McFarland third. Time, 4 :37 1-5.
Verus cures piles, or $50 reward. For
sale by all druggists. •
Cycle Races at San Jose.
LONDON, May 15.— At the Newmarket
spring meeting to-day the Wednesday
welter handicap was won by w. C. Whit
ney's ch. c. ' Watershed, ridden by ¦ Clem
Jenkins. Richard Croker's b. f.: Minnie
Dee, Johnny . Reiff -up, came . In : second.
Twelve horses ran. '¦:¦¦. • ; . '
Maher had the winning mount on J. C.
Dyer's ch. c. St. Hilarious in the maiden
2-year-old race. ¦ - '
The Newmarket stakes were won by the
Duke of Portland's William the -Third.
Doricles was second and Alda, ridden by
Maher, was third. The stakes are made
up of thirty sovereigns entry fees, half
forfeit, with 2000 sovereigns added. There
was a magnificent finish and Maher was
within a neck of adding/ the race to the
credit of Aida, winner of the 1000 guineas,
which led until ¦ close to * home. Only
short heads divided the first three horses.
The betting was 2 to 1 against William the
Third. 9 to 4 against .Doricles; and, 6 to 1
against Aida.
Racing at : Ne-wmarket.
One mile, selling— Sldtllla won. Mystery sec
ond. Kate Freeman third. Time, 1:43%.
Four and one-half furlongs, purse— Katoma
won. Kaffir second. Old Hutch third. Time,
:55%. ' • : ¦- ' *
Five and one-half furlongs, selling— Vlllmar
won, Fred Hesslg second, Irish Jewel third.
Time, l:03V4. ' ' ' • _
Six furlongs— Sharp Bird won. Miss Mae .Day
second, Tulla Fonso third.- Time, 1:13.
One mile, selling— Wax Taper won. - Petit
Maltro second. Earner 'third. Time, 1:40.
One mile, selling— Morris Volmer won, Vlr
gle d'Or second, Tea Gown. third. ¦¦ Time, 1:41%.
Dare won, Edlnborough second, Zaza third.
Time, 1:08 1-6. \
One mlla and a sixteenth— Strangest won,
Boney Boy second, Merito third. Time, 1:45 4-5.
Four and one-half furlongs, selling— Magi
won. Hoodwink second,. Drummond third.
Time, :55 1-6.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Espionage won,
Leo Newell second, . Kentucky Babe third.
Time, 1:54. . . .
ST. LOUIS, May 15.— Fair Grounds sum
mary: ¦¦
Attaches of Union Coursing Part
Have a Day Set Aside for Their
Sporting Event.
The attaches of Union Courslnsr Park
have plannf-d an odd stake to be decided
to-day. Each man names a greyhound
In a forty-six-dog stake and must handle
the cog himself. The quality of the stake
Is eood aside from the fun which Is sure
to develop during the day. Coursing will
commence immediately upon the arrival
of thf. 10:13 a. m. train. The draw re
sulted as follows:
Knockers' Club etake, forty-six entries—Ed
win Ford's E. G. W. vs. John Maroney's Lady
Davenport; John Hicks' Daylight vs. John
Shepstone'B The Doctor; Joseph Mann's Vixen
vs. Frank Cushing's Sir Van; Harry Edell's
O'Hara vs. Dan Neville's Mountain Belle;
Jerry Scanell's Old Glory vs. Fred Meyer's
St. Michael; Patrick l>iyle'« Best Bargain vs.
A. L. Austin's lone; William Doyle's Banner
Bright vs. James Grace's Maggie N; Roy
Scott'B S.t. Ives vs. Julius Horn's Risky At
tempt; George Wattaon's Mayflower vs. J.
Reid's Motto; Charles Mlchllikl's Forget vs.
Oeorge Mores' Random Aim; R. L. Taylor's
McKinley v«. Peer Tiffany's Belle Rocket;
John Haltan'fl Royal Anne vs. H.- C. Kleve
t-ahl's Athena: Phil Wand's Bowery Boy vs.
George Laeombe's Achilles; Charles Grlswold's
Boney Boy vs. John Doyle's Thelma: J. M.
Halton's Rollicking Airs vs. George Malcolm's
Aeneas; William Breen'a Royal Fashion vs. W.
H. Hinchman'B Brass Button; John Grace's
Lily Wright vs. Joseph Mclnerney's Roxana;
Karl Scott's Eager vs. John Grace Jr.'g On
ward; Edwin Hood's Miss Skyrocket vs. Harry
Walker's Kitchener; James Klncaid's Pearl
Mac vs. J. Goodfrieatf's Springback; F. P.
Hughes' Ornament vs. Robert Farmer's Have
a-Dash: Joseph Boyle'B Broken Bracelet v*.
Kred Price's Magarsissiblb; George Starr' ¦
Friendly Lass vs.. William Bryan's Ulack
Head.
COITRSING OFFICIALS
PLAN UNIQUE STAKE
A conference was held by Mayor Phelan,
Irving M. Scott. M. H. Hecht and Henry
T. Scott and - it was decided to unveil
the. statue. Necessarily the programme
was much curtailed. Mayor Phelan ac
cepted the gift in behalf of the city, which
was presented by Colonel J. F. Buj-gin,
who spoke as follows: ?
Mr. Mayor, I take great pleasure in present
ing, upen behalf of myself and Mr. P. J» Mc-
Glynn. as executors of the will of the late J.
Mervyn Donahue, to you, as a representative
of the city and county of San Francisco,* this
monument to the mechanics of San Fran«lsco,
erected In the memory of the late Peter Dona
hue, r
Mayor Phelan, In accepting the .gift,
said: • •
I thank the executors of the estate of the
EASTERN RACING.
NEW .YORK, May 15.— Morris Park «sum
mary:
Seven furlongs— Hammock won, Ben Viking
second. Alslke third. Time, 1:29.
Six furlongs, selling— Oliver Mac won. Judge
Wardell second,. Drogheda third. Time, 1:15%.
The Laureate, five furlongs— Oom Paul 'won,
Alibert second, April Showers third. Time, 1:01.
Five furlongs— Sister Juliet won. Gold Seeker
second. Goldsmith third. Time. 1:01%.
Six furlongs— May W won, Maglo Light sec
ond. Bombshell third.' Time, 1:14.
' Knickerbocker hurdle handicap, one mile and
three-quarters — Charawind won. Semper Ego
second, Monroe Doctrine third. Time, 3:17.
CINCINNATI. May 15.— The gate- was practi
cally free at Latonia to-day and the attend
ance much improved. Summary: j
• Six and one-half furlongs— Exmoor Sivon.
Julia Rose second. Prince of Africa third.
Time. 1:23%.
Four and one-half furlongs— G. Halrnetta
won, Julia Jenkins second, Sting third.
Time, <|5%:i
One mile — Edith Q won, Isobel second. Trin
ity Bell third. Time 1:43. . ,
One tpiile and a sixteenth— Miss Soak won,
Anchor Becond, Fantasy third. Time, 1:4?%.
Four and one-half ¦ furlongs— Hargls won,
Pribeloff second. Terrible Terry third. Time,
:55%. ¦ ¦ • : • 1
Five- furlongs— Harvey won, Valasquez sec
ond. Lilly Pantland third. Time, 1:024. ,
CINCINNATI. May 15.— The attendance con
tinued large at Newport despite tho opposi
tion at Latonia. Summary:
Five and one-half furlongs, selling— Mrs.
.Daniel won, Caloocan second. Hayseed tliird.
Time, 1:08%.
Four and one-half furlongs, selling— Wan,lnta
won. Dr. Worth second. Martha D third.
Time. :B6. ¦ •
One mile, selling— Get About won. Brother
Fred second, Charlie Daniels third. Time,
1:42%. ' - 1
Five' and one-half furlongs, selling— Sweet
Charity won. North Umbrla second, NAncy
Seltz third. Time. 1:08%.
Six furlongs, selling— Tremar won, J. J, T.
second. Custodian third. Time. 1:M. i
. One mile and a sixteenth, selling— A Winner
won, Eous second. Miss Redwood third. Time
1:48.
CHICAGO, May 15.— Worth summary: j r '.-
Five furlongs— Bragg won. Little Scout sec
ond. Mthasa third. Time, 1:02 4-5. .. . -i
Five and one-half furlongs, selling — Remark
won. Federal second, Emma M third. Time,
1:03 4-5. : ,',.-¦
Five and one-half furlongs, selling— Rival
Presenting the Gift.
plause upon the appearance of President
SlcKinley.
In the space immediately about the
fountain w"ere gathered the executors of
the Donahue estate and Mayor Ph,elan,
Scupltor Douglas Tilden, Louis de Rome,
representing the company that cast the
statue, and Irving M. Scott. A band pro
vided lively music to keep the crowd
amused. An hour wore away before there
was any positive information concerning
the ceremonies. Then Henry T. Scott ar
rived, accompanied by Chief of Police Sul
livan. Mr. Scott brought bad news. He
said that the condition of Mrs. McKinley 1 s
health was such that President McKinley
thought It best to remain with her.
I accept this beautiful work of art for the
city. I will call u»on,Mr. Irving Scott, un
der whose management 'the Union Iron Works
has attained its high efficiency, to further ac
cept for the industrial and manufacturing in
terests of San Francisco this monumental
fountain which the city will now possess.
The filial ana generous act of James Mervyn
Donahue, the donor, shall be remembered and
appreciated by our people, and the work of
the sculptor, Douglas Tilden, a native of Cali
fornia, will indicate the position which we
have attained in artistic excellence, and the
casting, done under the supervision of Louis
de Rome, exhibits the capacity of our artisans
and craftsmen.
Jt should be interesting to the mechanics of
San Francisco to recall that Peter Donahue,
whose memory was the inspiration of this gift,
was a machinist by trade, who came. to San
Francisco a pioneer In 1S49, and established the
Mayor Accepts Fountain.
late James Mervyn Donahue for the gift they
have presented to the city. I regret very much
to anr.cunce that on account of the illness of
Mrs. McKinley the President will be unable to
accept any engagements for to-day. He re
quested me to state that inasmuch as this
fountain is given to the ci'y in honor of the
late Peter Donahue, the founder of the Union
Iron .Works, which haa given such splendid
ships to the nation, and because It is dedi
cated to the mechanics of San Francisco, he
was especially regretful that he was unable
to participate in its unveiling. I am sure that
his absence this morning is no less disappoint
ing to him than to the people assembled here.
On account of the sad circumstances which
compel the President's absence, we will' make
the ceremony as brief as possible.
Batteries— Matthewson and Smith; Taylor
and Kllng. Umpire — OTJay.
Baseball To-Bay.
The Sacramento, ball players have shown
symptoms ot a revival from their leth
argy. They gave Los Angeles a drubbing
last week and now they are going against
Ban Francisco in an effort to recover lost
ground. The opening game of the series
is to take place this afternoon with, the
following line-up:
San Francisco.... Positions .; : Sacramento '
Graham......... Catcher Stanley
Iburg ...'....-Pitcher ix>vIb
Pabst..... ..First base .-.Hanlon
Schwartz Second baae Courtney
Relliy..... >...-. Third base "...Sheehan
Krug. '....'. Shortstop Devere&ux
Croll ;Left field.'. ..McLaughlln
Hildebrand. ...T. .. .Center field. .... McGucken
Holland....'. ...Right field Stricklett
NEW TORK, May 15.— Another coat of
whitewash was chalked against the Chlcagoes
to-day. Attendance, 7000. Score:
• • R. H. E.
New York < 8 1
Chicago 0. 8 4
I. Batteries— Willis and Klttredge; Jones and
Ryan. Umpire— Emslie. ,
Cincinnati .— 6. ,'."8" i
Brooklyn • 1 7 l
Batteries— Phllllpa ana Bergen; McJames,
McCann and Farrell. Umpire— Dwyer.
BOSTON, May 15 — Boston won to-day by
heavy hitting and superior base running. At
tendance, BOO. Score: t
Boston .'. '....."..... 8 ¦ 15' i 0
Bt. Louis ~... .1 3 .11 5
PIttsburg 5 15 3
Philadelphia « 12 3
¦ Batteries— Wllta and Zlnimer; White, Orth
and McFarland. , Umpire— Nash.
BROOKLYN, May 15.— Cincinnati put up a
fast, snappy game .to-day and smothered
Brooklyn. Phillips pitched masterly ball and
received faultless support, the only error be
ing a short throw by Bergen that saved th«
homo team from a shut-out. Attendance, 2400.
Score:
R. H. • E.
B.. H.
Boston - 0 -Lt', A S
Washington ; . 4 11. 2
Batteries— Cuppy and Crigsr; Lee- and Grady.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. May 15.— The locals tied
the score in the eighth Inning by bunching hits
and aided by bases on balls. In the tenth,
with the bases full, Delehanty sent the ball
to the fence, scoring the necessary runs to
win. Attendance, 2350. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore 8 14 3
Philadelphia 6 13 • 4
Batteries— Howell and Robinson; Platt and
Powers.
BOSTON. May 13.— Inability to hit Lee and
two bad errors by Freeman lost the game for
Boston to-day. The feature was Dowd's won
derful work in left field. Attendance, 3200.
Score:
BALTIMORE. May 16.— With the score a tie
In the eighth inning and two men out. Robin
son singled; Howell hit for two bases, McGraw
for three bases and Snodgrass sent out a sin
gle, bringing in three runs and winning the
game for Baltimore. Attendance, 2300. Score:
, R. H. E.
EASTERN BASEBALL.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Union Jack V3. Ploughboy; ' Janice vs.' Hod;
Forget vs. Forest King; The Grafter vs. Fiisco
Lad; Belle Rocket vs. Ripple: Rector vs. Con
troller; War Eagle vs. Blackhead; Rollicking
Airs vs. Royal Anne; Sir Lawrence vs. Repre
sentative; Sleety Mist vs. For Glory; Laurence
vs. Campania; AH Green ' vs. Nicasio; Daisy
Clair vs. Sweet Music; First Foot vs. Fine
Form; Jesiby vs." Vulcan; Bonafldes vs. Mod
est Lad; King Cotton vs. ;Thornhlll; Santcnln
vs. Sara; Risky Attempt vs. Novato Belle;
Hurricane vs. Flora McDonald; -Rural Artist
vs.' Royal Union; John Doe vs. Buck;' Jewess
vs. Vandal; Lilao vs.Bonlta; Juliet vs. Mod
est Girl; Roberta Army vs. Lovlna; Bone vs.
Charta; Agamemnon vs. Hersch'els Pride; Bon
nie Pasha vs. Jingle Bells; Crawford Girl vs.
Little Sister; Dewdrop vs. Granuvilla; Master
Workman vs. Jessie Greeritlck; Hot Hast* vs.
Swedish; Bad'Boy vs. Snap Shot; The Chief
vs. Bells of Shandon; Flying Fox vs. Ireland;
Chicago Boy vs. ..War Path; Elista vs. St.
Helen: Spiteful vs. Macs Melody; Castaway vs.
Narcissus; , Pleasant Girl vs. Real Article;
Rosie Clalr vs. Log Boy ; ' Naughty ¦ : Girl vs.
Scotland Yet: Greenback vs. Veto; Candelaria
vs. Jiomer Boy; Tapioca vs. Game Boy; Honor
Bright vs. Tiburon; Motto vs. Olita; Firm Fel
low vs. Fontenoy; O K Capitol vs. White Hat;
Best ; Bargain vs. Black , Flush; \ America vs
Echo: St. Ives- vs: Mollie i R; Boney Boy vs.
Silver Cloud; Loyal Lad vs. Shadow; Alaster
Rocket vs. Liberator: Random Aim vs. Lundjin
Links; Anchor vs. , Thelma.
At Union Coursing Park ' on Saturday
and Sunday the event will bo a 116-dog
open stake. The draw Is as follows:" ..
OPEN STAKE FOB JTNJ.ON
PARK COTJRSINrG MEET
One Hundred and Sixteen Hounds
Will Course on Saturday
and Sunday.
Immediately after the ceremony the
ropes that held out the crowd were low
ered and the thousands present inspected
the work closely. The feeling of depres
sion and disappointment .\yas plainly
manifested in ¦ the comments' of the by
standers, in which .there were wishes ex
pressed for the speedy recovery of Mrs.
McKinley! . ,
The monument and fountain cost $25,000.
Th© work was provided for in tho will of
the late James .Mervyn Donahue. The
work of designing and construction ex
tended through three years. .
It would be especially gratifying to v Peter
Donahue, I am sure, to know that this monu
ment was designed by a native California
sculptor,, and that it was cast and molded
In a shop in the city which he did so much
to make a metropolis. The beauty and quality
of the castings Justifies the inauguration of
the institution of that branch of mechanical
industry in San Francisco.
May honor rest with the memory of Peter
Donahue, and may peace and good will ,be
among those who have attended this cere
mony.
Cast in "Works Donor Founded.
From the small beginning made by him at
First and Mission streets has grown the es
tablishment where warships are built to carry
the banner of our nation over the high seas to
all parts of the world.
was on First street, between Mission and
Market, and I deem this a proper place for
the erection of a monument in his honor.
None of the California pioneers did more to
introduce the- benefits and conveniences of me
chanical arts than did Peter Donahue. It was
he who started the first street railway, the
first' steam railway, the first gas works and
who first instituted boat service on the bay.
In memory of that distinguished mechanic,
Teler Donahue, 1 unveil this monument with
feelingB of gratitude and appreciation for the
honor shown him in erecting the beautiful
work of art within a few feet of the spot
where the Union Iron Works was started, and
where the first piece of casting ever made on
the Pnciflc Coa3t was turned out. The shop
Union Iron Works tn th« yenr of 1150, almoat
within a Htone'B fhrow at tnl* NfwH, fit the ear
ner nt first «nd Mlaiion .fitreel*, where new
nankin Ihp Union friwk, »r»e«ert by him.
Thu first wftmh!p <fenstrut't#»l (n this elly,
flu- monitor Orittmnehe, watt hull! by him, gmi
eonsldwliig th*» irt-rfwtlon whlfh nav«l ftr<*hl»
feetur* mui elilnhulidlng Una Attained in Hit*
i Itv, that i.fitiniiitiK in nn hlgtsrle nvmt which
this ttijttument will wrvs to. perpetuate, L*>t
the fflwriftnlcs of 8nn Francisco rrgflftl It nn
their own, 1 now hava tha pleasure of ealllnK
ujwn Mr. Bcett.
Tribute to Donahue's Memory.
Irving M. Scott, while tho band played
the "Star Spangled Banner," drew the)
cord that unveilc-d tho statue and after
ward paid a tribute trt tho memory of
Tcter Donahue, Speaking as follows:
2450. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and upward; purse; $350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St H- Etr. Fin.
241* Dang. Maid, 4. HO.Rnsch 4 11 12 12
2450 Jim Hale. 3, lOO.Fntlroy 12 1 4 1 2 n
2385 Flamero. 5, 114 Collls 8 7 1 3 1 3 1
2428 Scr. Lake, 3. 9S... Stuart 5 3 n 2 n 4 4
2425 RinaJdo, 6, 114 Hoar 3 8 6 6 3 5 1
242S Mike Rice. a. U4.Tullett 2 4 h 5 hi 6 10
2451 Duckoy. 4, 112 Enos 7 5 1 7 6 7 3
2444 Loconomo, 6, 112.Gaffney 6 6 h 8 5 8 5
2383 Glissando, 4, 112.. Greene 9 9 15 9 20 9 20
2442 Darlene. 3, 98...JacksonlD 10 10 \ 10
Time— %. :24%; %. :49^; %. 1:15. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, Burns & Waterhouse's ch. m. by St. Leon
ards-Hand Maid. Maid may have been best
Fauntieroy on Hale put up a cheap ride. Fia
mero went the overland. Duckoy no speed.
Glissando badly ridden. Darlene lame.
Scratched— Invictus 100, Moringa 114.
Betting— Dangerous Maid. 7-5; Jim Hale, 11-5;
Flamero, 15; Screenwell Lake. 13-2; Rinaldo,
20; Mike Rice, 30; Duckoy, 12; Loconomo. ' 60;
Glissando. SO; Darlene, 100.
2457. SIXTH RACE— One mile and an eighth;
eelllng; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey! St. %. Str. Fin.
2133 Rio Shannon, 4. 112.Rnch 3 .1 2. 12 11
2439 Wyoming, a, 111. Russell 1 2 n 2 1 2 1%
2439 Dr. Bernays, 6, 113. Ben tt 5 5 3 2 3 10
2372 Cromwell, a, 114.Bassngr 4 3 2 4 5 4 10
(24SS) Imperious, 6. lll.Alexndr 2 4 1 C 5
Time— M, :13; »i, ;24%; %, :49^; V*. 1:16; mile,
1:41%; lV»m, 1:51%. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. AVlnner, Thompson
& Hagerman's b. h. by . El Rk> -Rey-Bessle
Shannon. Rio Shannon probably best at the
distance. ... Dr. Bernays warmed ud stiff and
core. Cromwell has a bowed tendoq. Imperious
also In bad share. . . - - *
Betting— Rio Shannon, 11-10; Wyoming, 12-6;
Dr. Bernays, 7; Cromwell, 7; Imperious, 12.
2455. FOURTH RACE— Futurity course; sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. hi. Str, Fin.
2413 Midlove, 5, 10S...Ransch3 12 16 14
2355 Montallade/ a, llO.Rusll 6 6 8 1 2 »4
2418 Mellocole, 4, lOJ.AJxnder 2 3 2 3 2 3 1
2431 Ralston, a, 110 Hoar 6 616 4 1
2280 Nullah, 4, 107..Bozeman 4 4 2 4 n 6 2
2302Amasa, 6, 110....Tullett 1 2 2 2 tf 6
Time— To Y*. :20%; to %, :45; last %, 1:01%;
ehort % 1:11. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner, W. D. Randall's
ch. m. by imp. Midlothian-Free Love. Midlove
galloped. Montallade came from far back.
Mellocole ie «t cripple. Ralston away none too
well and pocketed. Nullah outfooted. Amasa
quit
Betting— Midlove, 4; Montallade, 15; Mello
cole, 9-5; Ralston, 16-5; Nullah. 8; Amasa, 10.
2454. THIRD RACE— Five ' furlongs; St.
Carlo Handicap: two- year-olds; purse, $350.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %". Str. Fin..
2406 Achilles. 106... Bassinger 2 3 13 3 14
2417 Carlo. 10S Alexander 1 2 1 In 2 3
2S52 Hainault. 106 Russell 4 4 13 4 30 3 10
2406 St. Phillipina, 112. Ranch 3 11 2 n 4 30
St. Sever, !K> Jackson 5 5 5 5
Time-H. :12'4: M. :24%; %. ¦¦mi: %, 1:03.
Good Ftaxt.' Won ra?ily. Second and third
driving. Winner. Atkin & Lottridge's br. c.
b»- St. Carlo-Moonlight. In an extended delay
at the poet St. Phillipina was fretful, breaking
away repeatedly and spoiling her chances.
Carlo was hard ridden. St. Sever very green.
At the end Achilles had. nothing to beat.
Scratched— Parizade 107. .,„...
Betting— Achilles, 3; Carlo, 11-6;, Hainault,
11-10: St. Phillipina, coupled with Hainault;
St Sever. 50.
2453. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling;
fcur-year-olds and up; purBe. $300. .
Index Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. Vt. Str. Fin.
(232$) Mont Eagle. 4, 103.Rnch 12 2 1 h In
242S McAlbert, 6, 103..Hafley2 12 2 3 2 4
2200 Melkarth, 6, lC3.Matthws 6 4 1 3 13 1
2413 Alaska. 6, M....Ru3selll0 5 h 5 1 4 3
<2455)Fr. Duffy, 4. 103.Fauntly 4 6 h 4 h 5 n
£423 Canejo 4 101 Kinkead 5 '9 1 6 h 6 Vz
£403 Hohenlohe, 6. 106.TuIlett 7 8 % 7 3 7 5
<2TO2)Rainier, 6. 104. Alexander 3 3 h 8 1 SI
2i51 Tizcna, 4, 108 Blair 9 10 9 4 9 5
2399 Ping, 6. 103 Stuart 8 7 1.10 10
Time— Vi. :25»4: %. :50; %. 1:16: mile, 1:42U.
Good Etart Won first three driving. Winner,
C. P. Fink's b. g. by imp. Bassetlaw-Lulu.
Winner received a nice ride. Alaska away
j>corly and generally museed about. Frank
Duffy should have been closer up. Rainier
quit. Stuart took Ping in on the rail at head
of stretch. Scratched— Nilgar 103, Casdale 103.
Betting— Mont Eagle. 7; McAlbert. 15; Mel
karth, 30; Alaska, 11-5; Frank Duffy, 11-2;
Canejo, 50: Hohenlohe, 25; Rainier. 8; Tizona,
20; Ping. 13-5.
OAKLAND RACETRACK - Wftdnes
day. May 15, W01.— Weather fine. Track
fast.
2*Sit. KIRST RACB^Pour «n4 a half fur
longs; t*l!i»«; mft(4« > n 2-yeflr-otdn; puns*, |3'W,
IMex. Hurt*. Wt, Jn>Hf>y. fit. >ii. 8»r. Fin.
U\t Hnowtw»rry. nc,AI»x»n<tr 114 I 4 I !»
24Z» I'rfMprw, HO Uniwh-2 > I 2^ 21
*i4t Autumn Time, lin.Hpfly 4 6 1 % ty 3 ty
'Wit <ju»<lrs, 112 Ilffinpa.)' fl 4 % 8 I 4 Mi
;:.¦¦» I Mil ' -4!lns, )!'>, .1 'ii k "ni "i 2 tl 4 1 6 h
2417 K»ta4/\ US Cn-Bli.^i 'i ", >i •. 1 <: 2
2423 Hotafiy, llo,,.....t<hefhttn X * 1 6 1 ,,7 1
2417 Lily bi\f, H0,.KInkenrtl'» 1» I 7 H * 8
KM I'rp. tfaue*. 1l3.1lr>:semflfi « lo l « H 9 2
£129 JtM. P. Hl*r1'X, lU.Uhltiin ft « h 10 10 6
.... Shell Mount, 110.... OolllPll 11 11 11
Time— S-Ki, :30<4: 4V. flood etart.
Won rafiiiy, Kerond and third driving. Win
ner, tfrnith ft Co.'k b. f. by Mulb<?rry*8now-
Mcfporn. £ no-wherry choared a Fmart turn of
ppeed. Autumn Time chould have been second,
Kstado. away well, dropfied back gradually.
Fhril Mount a pood looker, but not ready.
Hcratrhed-llard Night 113, Bis Massie 113. •
Betting— Hncrwbeny, h; Prestene, 6; Autumn
Time. 6: Quadra, 20; Dan Colllnn, 60: Bstado,
J>-o; Botany. 40: Lily Dale. 200: Pepper Sauce.
2U; Hon. P. Sterling, 8; Shell Mount, 100.
STATUE DONATED TO THE CITY
BY J, M. DONAHUE IN MEMORY
OF III8 FATHKR. v
Judge Troutt refused yesterday to con
firm the rale of a lot on the southwest
corner of Fourth and Brannan streets, the
property of George F. Smith, an insol
vent, to H. E. Bothin for $5000. Judge
Troutt stated that in his opinion the prop
erty was worth a much larger sum than
that offered by Bothin and hence he or
dered the game sold at public auction.
THE CULL'S UCING FORM CHART
Rejects Bothin's Offer.
The Ladies Seaman's Friend Society, by
Mrs. Nancy E. Cooper, president, applied
to the Board of Supervisors yesterday for
a renewal of Its lease of the premises
known as the "Sailors' Home," situated
on ihe northeast corner of Main and Har
rison streets, for the term of three years
from June 7, 1901, on which date its pres- |
ent lease will expire. The society has
had the continuous management of the
tome for more than twenty years and has
expended many thousands of dollars in
improvements on the grounds and build- j
irjfrs. <
Lease of Sailors' Home.
THE desire to see and hear Presi
dent McKinley called' together a
crowd of thousands of^ citizens
early yesterday morning at the T i
statuesque fountain donated to the
city by James Mervyn Donahue in mem
ory of his father, Peter Donahue. The
hour set for the presentation exercises,
in which President McKinley was to hrfve
taken part, was 8:30. An hour earlier
than that there were throngs of citizens
hastening to the little square at the junc
tion of Battery, Market and Bush streets.-
When the hour for the exercises had ar
rived the dense mass of spectators, entire
ly surrounding the fountain and. kept In
check by ropes and a large force of police
under command of Captain Spillajie, bB- •
came restless. Cameras were placed in
readiness to take views of the historic
scene. On surrounding tall buildings were
congregated hundreds of spectators, many
of them also being equipped with cameras,
and the inevitable megaphone was there
to swell the anticipated burden of ap-
Probable Winners.
First race— Me Albert, Gold Finder. Casdale.
Second race— Flatterer. Princess Titanla, In
rictus.
Third race— Louwelsea. Divlna. Rory Ough.
Fourth race— Gibraltar.' Mike Strauss, Good
Hope.
Fifth race— Dr. Nembula, Racetto. Xovia.
Sixth race—The Fretter. Mission. Haeerdon.
Sixth race — One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; handicap.
243S Sunello B8| 2439 Mission 100
2422 Matilda 0 80;(2420)The Fretter....122
1246 Lena 951 2443 Hagerdon 108
2432 B. Ormonde.... 10T!
Fifth rare— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; sellinc.
2197 Brown Prince.. ]C5; 2428 Racetto 105
2413 Novia 103! 244S Jim McClec\y..lOK
2152 Katie Gibl*ons..lQ3 | 2435 Tizona inr.
216S Firelight II 1C5! 2440 fiaul of Tarpus.105
240S Dr. Xembu!a...lO5i 1276 Candlelight II. .108
2423 Tule 1C3 1 2440 Onyx 105
Fourth rac»— Six and a half furlongs; four
yar-olds and upward: 6ellng.
2444 Gibraltar 1121 2431 Good Hope m?
£42* Ala* ](li! 2426 Mike Strauss. ..107
£432 Doublet 10«i 2403 Castake 109
Third HUM HH and a half furlonsrs; tifo
• '»r-nlil»; j>urw.
23rr, Divlna. 113 ; 2424 .Tarret. d"Or....ll.*.
242K Rory Ouph UK 2435 The Giver 118
I2436)lvouw^lsea 115
K-mtii) r««^Ft»turity <?f>ure#; three-yfar-eldg;
wUlnr.
244? rariofilan Wi 2442 Trlfi. Tllania...1ftS
24S4 «'nrs n»*\z P' <244nFlattPrer ...... .102
1442 Follow Me...... W 24*4 lnvlctUK 1«4
2*42 Bcallj-wa* P3 (244fi)Oi=car Tolle in*
Ffr«t r*r»— Fix furlet)**; f©ur->T»r-<5td* »n<1
In v ..el. * '-11! tit:.
i%m iff Mue*l<» 1C* 2M7 ra#uie W
$Jf» Thlm» V* Z4«ft Kutto Wfileett.inj
2440 Onld nn4«T 10« 2423 II. Th*t£)MT....1ftS
244$ Nlleor i'» f?' i yiiMninB''i>- .......1ft*
iSi* Irf-tlltrr .1«S 242S fhB* Is* llel.,,,10.'.
2440 HiUry !'•:• i»*.a McAtbcrt .......103
To-Day's Entries.
Following this came a six-furlong- run,
for which Dangerous Maid had ihe call.
She wae played down to even money prac
tically when it became known Jim Hale
was not fancied. Kauntleroy. on the lat
ter, scrambled things extensively, and the
Maid delivered the merchandise. Toward
th* end Fauntieroy, on Jim Hale, again
came to the gurfac*. beating out Flamcro
for the place by a head.
Another choice finished first th« Kst
event, over on« mile and a furlonjr. Klo
Shannon looked a natural favorite, and,
allowed to make hi* own pace, the El Itlo
Rey nor** found it easy work to beat Wy
oming, Dr. 13trnay». Cromwell and Im
pertou* were In ra?ge4 racing condi
tion. _«_^__
Everybody had Estado as a good thing
for the four and a half furlong two-year
old event, and, backed from 5 to 2 to 9 to 5,
the colt showed no speed whatever. Snow
berry, an S to 1 chance played to 4, won
by nearly ten lengxhs, after leading from
the start. Prestene, with Ransch up, got
the place from Autumn Time.
Alaska received steady support at 11 to 5
to win the mile selling run, but Russell
did everything but ring in for the fire pa
trol, and the gelding ran unplaced. Mc-
Albert led into the stretch, where Ranscn,
on Mont Eagle, challenged and in a drive
earned the decision by a neck. .Melkarth.
a 30 to 1 shot, led Alaska out for third
place.
Owner Billy Randall made no mistake
when he said Midlove would run away
from the field in the futurity course
pprint. The ring laid 4 to 1 about the httie
mare, and ehe tip^toed out in front from
start to finish. Russell brought Montal
lade along from the far rear, downing
Melocole. the favorite, for place honors.
The latter horse is unsound and cannot be
relied upon.
The St Carlo handicap, at five furlongs,
was exclusively for two year olds sired by
St. Carlo, and In addition to the regular
purse W. O'B. Macdonough, owner of that
noted sire, donated a handsome silver cup,
valued at $300. to be presented to the v-ln
ner. St. Phillipina and Hainault, the Lan
igan pair, ruled favorites In iho betting.
In a delay at the post, caused by the re
fusal of St. Sever to break, St. Phillipina
wore herself out. At that she led for
quite a distance before giving way to
Carlo. The latter was in turn passed and
beaten very handily by Achilles, the third
choice, ridden by Bassinger. Hainuult
finished third.
IX the absence of "PI" Ruiz, little J.
Ransch took a trick at the wheel, pi
loting four winners at Oakland track
yesterday. His snappy work in the
saddle was easily the feature of the
•sport, and the Burns & Waterhouse stable
lightweight was frequently rewarded with
well-deserved rounds of applause. In turn
he finished first on Mont Eagle, 7 to 1;
Midlove, 4 to 1: Dangerous Maid, 8 to 3,
and Rio Shannon. 8 to 5. The last two
mentioned purse setters were the only
favorites to be encased with brackets.
BY F. E. MTJLHOLLAUD.
'Achilles, the Third Choice,
Annexes the St. Carlo
Handicap.
Promising Lightweight
Lands Four Mounts
First Under "Wire.
RANSCH RIDES
IN GOOD FORM
The arrest last Tuesday night of J. W.
Wolf, an expressman," by Customs In
spectors J. WJ Stone, G. B. Richardson
and S. H. Sackett on a charge- of being a
member of an opium smuggling gang was
a clever piece of detective work on the
part of the inspectors, who were acting
under the orders of Customs Surveyor
Spear. "Wolf had been shadowed by the
inspectors and Deputy St. John for sev
eral nights an>l his wagon was followed
by Inspector Stone on a bicycle for sev
eral days. He was In the act of delivering
a trunk at Mrs. Tapley's dressmaking es
tablishment, 317 Stockton street, when
the officers took possession of him and the
trunk. It contained sixty-five pounds of
smuggled opium, on which the duty,
amounting to $390, had not been paid.
Customs Inspector F. P. Loftus of Se
attle arrived here yesterday and informed
Surveyor Spear of the operations of the
gang of smugglers in that city. The opium
was manufactured in "Victoria, where its
manufacture under a license is legal, and
was then shipped in the night time to a
point in the vicinity of Seattle on board a
naphtha launch built and owned by the
smugglers. From Seattle the drug was
shipped in trunks, sixty-five pounds in
each trunk, to a certain city in Montana,
where a confederate received it. It was
then checked as baggage and shipped by
rail to this city and sold in the Chinese
quarter and to certain drug stores which
have been doing an extensive business In
the sale of opium for smoking purposes.
Ship Quantities of Opium
From Seattle as
Baggage.
Authorities Discover That
Much of the Drug
Came Here.
CLEVER SCHEME
OF SMUGGLERS
II. P. Baldwin, chairman of the Republican
Territorial Committee; J. V. Cooke, D. H.
"Wright and T. McCantB Stewart, executive
committee of the Republican party: A. O. M.
Robertson, W. H. Hoogs, Jonah Kumulae,
Archie F. Ollflllan. J. W. K. Keikl and C. XL
TMckey. Representatives; Cecil Brown, H. P.
Baldwin, O. R. Carter, J. D. Farla, C. I*
Crabbe and W. C. Acht, Senators.
Although annexation has deprived the Terri
tory of all iiistoma duties an>1 of Other rev
enues, thus material)/ Kffeetlnr the finance*
of tha Territory, and although the treasury
Is in a itei»i*ii-.i condition, the only revenue
prn(\u000e measure pa*»e<l wa» introduced by
n Republican,
On» of the psus** of the failure et the
members <>f the Ilam* Rule party to attain
their objects and whleh prevented the !.*«!»-
Itttur* from nece>mp\l§t\lng more wmm Hi • In
pfateneA by ttc Horn* }(ul« member* upon th«
u«e nt Din Hawaiian language in |rg|sl«Mv*»
j.r-ir'rr-.iiritfN, flotwlfhfctanrflng tha ortfttnto net
»irt»vl<tes* that: "All . lugtsMive prtxwdlnira
Mhali t»» conducted In th» Itnelish UngiiAge,"
Th»»y eleeted Interpret*™ «nrt t«nu\f<\ Inter*
pretntion ot nil Mil*, mtflutlcfflti* mttttons in<1
A further mii-»« of Aei&v and w&at* of time
wm th" apparent petty jealotisle* nmone th«
(("Mi" Rule mcmterM ami their lack at any
recognized leadership. This was tto apparent
that the T'rpslilcnt of the Senate, hlmsnlf a
member of the Home ftule party, resigned In
dlFgtiHt.
The memorial Is Bigned by
Memorial of Dole Faction.
The following nra portions of the mem
orial that Parker will present to President
McKinley;
... They further charge that a number of
members of the Legislature cannot speak
or read English and that they requested
that they be furnished with statute books
so that they could get them translated Into
their own tongue. They claim that these
members could not be furnished with
enough of these eagerly sought books and
that they accordingly could not learn the
laws that governed them.
Harry E. Cooper. Secretary of the Gov
ernment, took a seat in the House of Rep
resentatives and at the same, time held
his former office. This they claim was il
legal and say that he was only removed
from the House after most strenuous ob
jections.
j The Republican party, with Sam Parker
as its champion in this country, tells a
different side. It claims that the "Home
Rule" party is spilt with petty jealousies
and 'through this wastes much valuable
time when the House is in session.
The Home Rulers' charges against
Dole are pointed. Those making them do
not beat about the bush, but come out and
say that through him and his administra
tion the Hawaiian Government is inhar
monious. They claim that he is a member
of a clique of sugar planters who run the
government of the islands to suit them
selves. They also claim that the adminis
tration is corrupt and that Governor Dole
has appointed the eugar planters as the
I heads of the different departments.
Pointed Charges Against Dole.
Wllcox and Beckley carry with them a
resolution adopted by the Legislature, for
mally urging the removal, of Governor
Dole. It was intended by " the Home
Rulers to have the resolution to send
Beckley concurrent, but the Senate ad
journed for the day, too early,. and as the
steamer was leaving that afternoon It was
passed as a House resolution. Beckley
has also several documents which he, will
present to President McKinley or to Sec
retary Cortelyou and which he declares
. put Dole in a very bad light.
Sam Parker is also an arrival from.
Honolulu and is at the Palace. He comes
to see the President for the other side of
the House, or more properly speaking, the
Republican party. He carries wit.h him a
long memorial adopted by the Republican
Territorial Committee replying to the
.Home Rule charges against Dole. -
"Home Rule" party, arrived from Hono
lulu ,to see the President, and are at the
Palace.
F. W. Beokley, "Vice Speaker of the House
of Representatives, both representing the
Wilcox, Delegate to Congress, and
attempt to remove Governor Dole of the
Territory of Hawaii from office has been
extended to this country. Yesterday Rob-
The bitter strife brought about by. the
"Home Rulers" Say They Bring
Damaging Evidence
With Them.
Factions Send Delegates
to See President
McKinley.
DOLE CONFLICT
BROUGHT HEBE
Soon after the receipt of the order ttaere>
was a meeting: of the Chicago Association
of Manufacturerers, which embraces
nearly all the local members of the Na
tional Metal Trades Association, as well
as many outside manufacturers. Reso
lutions were passed instructing 1 members
of the association to post notices grant
ing a nine-hour workday, or fifty-four
hours a week, but making no reference
to any advance in wages beyond a re
afflrmation of the New York agreement,
which provides for time and a quarter
for overtime. /
CINCINNATI. May 15— At a mass
meeting to-night the machinists of this
city, numbering over 6000 men. decided to
strike next Monday, May 20. The manu
facturers have agreed to the nine-hour
demand but refuse to grant the increase
in wages.
"In every shop controlled by the Na
tional Metal Trades Association that
fails to post a notice of a 12 l /i per cent
increase in wages a strike shall be de
clared on May 20. 1901."
CHICAGO. May 15.— The following or
der was received from Washington
signed by International President O'Con
nell: • ¦
WASHINGTON. May 15.— President
O'Connell of the International Machin
ists' Association, stated this afternoon
that 300 firms throughout the country so
far have signed the nine-hour-day agree
ment. The executive board of the Ma
chinists' Association will meet here Fri
day and remain until after the 20th in
stant, the date when the strike order la
to be- effective.
Thousands of Men in Eastern
Cities Ready to Leave
Work.
Great Strike in Prospect
if Demands Are
Ignored.
STRONG STAND
BY MACHINISTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtL, THURSDAY, .:MA : r 16, 190:
Words of Eulogy for Pioneer Machinist Who Founded' the Union
Iron Works Are! Spoken by Mayor Phelan and Irving M. Scott
• oh Occasion of Unveiling the Gift Commemorating His Memory
PHELAN, FOR THE CITY ACCEPTS
STATUESQUE DONAHUE FOUNTAIN
ert W.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
8ISOEADAGHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
Thej also relieve distress from Dy*
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
fn the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain In
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Hrnnlr Pill. 6mnll Dose.
,7, 6moll Price. >
y<— n^ Strictly Hellablo.
§e?A Dr.Talcott
l&£j££S' Di«cn«CRnn«l
>/JN^^^\. Weakness off
fWlMEN ONLY
By fdr the most frequent cause of nervona
disorders of tho mala is
A DAMAGED PROSTATE GLAND.
The Prostate Gland (so-called necJt of blad-
der) la a »tructuro v«ry rich In nerves. When
the terminations of these nerves are kept in a
constant state of excitement, by chronic Inflam-
matory processes, it appears vary clear that by
transmission of thla Irritation to other nerve*
the patient may be subject to nervous phenom-
ena of the most varied character. Pramature-
ness. Impotency. etc., are not weaknesses, but
symptoms of this Inflammation. We have pre-
pared a colored chart, which we will send, fre»
on application.. by which any one Interested can
readily understand why, if he has been treated,
for a weakness, be has - not been cored. Wa
particularly solicit this class of cases, and caa
promise a speedy cure without stomach drug-
ging.
997 MARKET STREET, Cor. Sixth.
After tho Fire!
P^jXdd's gun store
Reopened at old number, 421 Kearny
street. Goods slightly damaged by water
'and fire to be sold for thirty days at
Great Reduction. FISHING TACKLE and
SPORTING GOODS of every description.
All new goods at special discount during
sale. Highest cash price paid for raw
Furs. Send 3 cents for postage of 100-
page illustrated catalogue.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
j "Gran-SolTent" dlssolres Stricture like snow ba» •
pmth the sun, reduce* Enlarged ProstaM an*
ttrenrtaens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains tM
Emissions in fifteen Days.
Mo drags to rain the stomach, but » direct local
' and posture application to the entire urethra) tnefc
Gran-Solvent is not a liquid. It Is prepared l»
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and flexlW*
amd so narrcw as to pasa t hs closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James inn.. Box 834. Cincinnati, O., aaa
prepared at sreat expense an ethaust- pnPP f
fy« illustrated Treatise upon the male LULL I
•y stem, which tbor will send to anrrnrri
mule applicant, ¦ lSfci»»
ST J1IWFS ASSN 25 ° ELJ *» 8T «»
31* JAJ1E3 A33K., Cincinnati. Ohio.
iviSIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT i
OF ANATOHYf
\ Cy The Larent Anatomical Museun in the \
W ¦<»%<& World- Weaknesses or any contracted g
i. 9& W disease po-.HW.-ly cared by the oldest f
• |S S I SP* 1^'* 1 on lhe Coast. Est. 36 years. Q
i fl*3R£d BR. JCRDAN-DISEAStS OF MEN i
\ Vn&7*}3 Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
I ' 0 WH Treatment personally or by letter. A §
\ i W Tl H J *" tir ° CW« in ererjr case undertaken. T
I 9 II 110 Write for Book. PniLOsUPflV of J
* a \Y* "*»«IA€SK. MAILED FREE. (AT
I W tl- valuable book for men) \
f DB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. f
DK. HALL'S fiElNYlG0RAT0SS?3M
Five hundred reward for any Sc^fttea
case we cannot cure. Thla secret Sam &S5I
remedy stops all losses Jn 24 hours. 1 - 9
cures Emissions. Irapotency. Vari- G3H VKgS
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet, Fits. ff$»l f*m
Strictures, Lost Manhood and all 2*111 K'i'J
wasting effects of self-abusa or zT4 *i*$
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 b££e£S2&S
bottles. $5: guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
£"»». HAIJL.-S MEDICLAX. INSTITUTE. 80S
Broadway. Oakland. Cat Also for sale at 1073H
Market st. 8. K. All private diseases quickly
cured. Bend for free book. .OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— Arrived May lS-Ger bark Her
zogln, Sophie Charlotte, from Astoria.
¦The Board of Public "Works yesterday
notified E. J. Baldwin to place in a safe
condition " tho west wall of the Baldwin
annex. The wall, in the judgment of the
F'.re .Wardens, is in a dangerous condition
hy reason of .excavations madexm the ad
joining property and the annex is likely
Wall Must Be Made Safe.
The convention adjourned at the close
of the evening session until 9:30 this
morning. There will be but two sessions
to-day, a morning and an afternoon, after
which the delegates will attend the floral
exhibition in the ferry building. .
Among the interesting, features of the
afternoon session will be. a paper entitled
'.'How Plants Think," by Dr. David Starr
Jordan of Stanford University.
Morning Session-i-Prayer, Dr. Joseph Stubbe,
president University of Nevada; barytone solo.
Dr.' A. J. Brown; question box, 20 minutes;
"Collecting and Growing Native Bulbs," Carl
Purdy, Ukiah; "Making New- Flowers," " Lu
ther Burbank. Santa Rosa: "Cacti for Ama
teurs," Mrs. H. P. Tricou, San Francisco;
"Annuals of the Paclflo CoRst," Mrs. W. H.
Weister, San Francisco; "Perennials of the
Pacific Coast," Mrs. W. S. Chandler. San
Francisco; "Ferns of the Pacific Coast, Dr.
Lorenzo O. Tates, . Santa Barbara.
Afternoon session, 1:30 o'clock— "Begonias,"
Dr. P. B. Kennedy, Reno. Nev.; "Flower Seed
Growing In the Santa Clara Valley," Lester
L. Morfce, Santa Clara; "Superiority of Cali
fornia Grown Seeds," "Waldo Rohnert. Gilroy;
"Tree Olants of California." Professor "Wil
liam R. Dudley. Stanford University; "Devel
oping California Parks," John McLaren. Gold
en Gate Park, San Francisco; "Planning Pri
vate Grounds," George Hansan, Berkeley; Or
namenting. Railroad Grounds," Johannua Relm
ers, Stockton. . •
' Evening session, 7:30« o'clock— Vocal duet,
Miss Celia Glnniu and Miss de Boom; "Alpine
Gardens,"- John Mulr, Martinez; "Flowers of
the Sea," Miss Mary J. "Westfall. Pacific
Grove; "What the Flowers Teach," Mrs. L.
O. Hodgkins, San Francisco; "Collecting For
est Seeds," George W. Dunn. San Diego;
"Floriculture, Past and Present." Mrs. A. R.
Gunnison, San Francisco; "Protecting Gardens
F"rom Frost." Alexander G. McAdie, Weather
Forecast Official, San Francisco.
j In attendance at the convention are
some of the most eminent botanists and
florists of the coast, each one prepared to
disseminate his knowledge and experience
on different subjects by carefully prepared
papers, the reading of which comprises
almost the entire programme.
Yesterday the" programme was as fol
lows: ./'. , ' .
The second day's proceedings of the Pa
cific ; States Floral Congress, now in ses
sion at the Academy of Sciences Building 1 ,
were highly Interesting and well attended.
The papers read were on the subject of
the flora of the coast generally and each
topic was ably handled and Instructive.
Thg convention is the first of Its kind ever
held, west of Chicago and wtll. adjourn
this evening. Its object is a worthy one
end ' it' .will' greatly aid the work of beau
tifying the State of California. .'
Speakers.
Dr. i David Starr Jordan to
Be One of Eminent
Instructive Papers Read
Before the Floral
Congress.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE
TO ARRIVE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Tlmea and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by | official au
i thorlty of the Superintendent.; .
NOT13— The high and low waters occur at
tjie city ' front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the Same at both ' places.
Sun/ Moon and Tide.
THURSDAY, MAT 16.
Sun rises • • 4:59
Sun sets. • .....7:13
Moon rises..... •••• ...3:33 a. m.
The Adato came here from Port Had
lock ?with 700,000 feet of lumber. She will
take on board here some general cargo
and will then proceed to Iquique.
TWo British steamships put in here yes
terday and will continue their voyages in
a day or bo. The Condor is from Sala
verry for British Columbia with 2000 tons
of sugar. Her machinery requires an
overhauling, which it will get before she
proceeds.
George Berger, one of the crew of the
transport Samoa,, met with a peculiar ac
cident last Tuesday night. Before 'go
ing ashore he placed his revolver in his
pocket and then, through some unexplain
able cause, the weapon went off. The bul
let. enter«*d Berger's hip and, ranging
downward, came out at his knee. He was
treated by the ship's surgeon and after
ward removed to his home on Howard
street. v
British Steamships in Port.
Captains Bolles and Bulger, United
States inspectors of local and foreign
steam vessels, rendered a decision yes
terday in the matter of the wrecking of
the .steamship Willamette in Baynes
Pound on the 16th of last March. The in
spectors? found that Captain J. Hanson,
the master of the vessel, was guilty of
unskillfulness and negligence, and they
accordingly suspended his license for one
year.
The vessel was a total Joss and was val
ued at $123,000. Her cargo of coal was
valued at $2000.
An Accidental Shooting.
Captain Hanson Suspended.
FINANCE COMMITTEE
FAVORS NEW PESTHOTJSS
Eureka Valley Residents Petition for
New Schoolhouse in Their
• District.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee de
cided yesterday to recommend that the
sum of $20,000 be Bet aside in the next
tax budget for the erection r of a new
pesthouso on the Bay View Farm. The
site will cost $15 000 and the building $5000.
The .committee deems the improvement to
be one of urgent necessity and the money
•will be raised outside of the dollar limit.
A .delegation from the Eureka -Valley
Improvement Club urged the committee to
appropriate sufficient funds to build an
eight-room schoolhouse in the neighbor
hood of Eighteenth and Diamond streets,
but no action was taken.
The communication from Directors
Dcyle, "Wilson and Olney of the San Fran
cisco Law Library asking for an appro
priation of $5820 per annum for the main
tenance of the library was referred to the
board without recommendation.
Reed's resolution directing the Board of
Works to file a statement of Its expendi
tures for the fiscal year went over for
one week.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the. United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given* is subtracted from the depth
given . by the ohartn. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters. ...
Time Ball. '
Branch Hydrographie Office, U. 8. N.. Mor-
I chants' Exchange, San- Franclscp, '• Cal.,
• ., May IS, 1901. . ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' • ¦¦¦•_- ¦
1 The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i.e., at •! noon of the 120th meridian, - or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. . /
, ., * . C G. CALKINS,!
j -Lieutenant Commander. U. S.- N., , In charge.
cattle horns.
For Hamburg-— 10 bbls flour, 7 pkgs house
hold goods.
Notice to Mariners.
Shipping Intelligence.
Notice is hereby given of .the following
changes In the aids to navigation in this dis
trict, which affect tha ••List of Beacons -and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901":
Willapa Bay, channel to Oysterville. page 67.
Oysterville channel buoy No. 4, a red second
class nun, heretofore reported adrift, was re
placed en its station May 11, 1901. (Lighthouse
Board Bulletin No. 116, paragraph 146.)
Grays Harbor entrance,. Washington, pages
62 and 6S. Outside bar whistling buoy, marked
"Grays Harbor" in white, reported adrift
April 23, 1901, was replaced on its station May
9, 1901.
Strait of Juan de Fuca, "Washington, page 71.
Sand spit, New Dung-eness, buoy No. 2, a red
first-class nun, reported adrift March 23, 1901,
was replaced on its station May 9, 1901.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY,
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May 15.
Stmr CJeo "W Elder, Randall, 56 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 46 hours.
Stmr Mariposa, Rennie, 6 days 7 hours 22
minutes from Honolulu.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllng, 86 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, 68 hours from New
port, etc. m ' ;
Stmr Scotia, Walvie, 16 hours from Fort
Brag-ff.
Stmr Seauola, Winkle, 14 hours from Fort
Uragg.
Stmr Berwick, Pearson, 6 days from Co
quille River.
. Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 28 houre from Port
Harford.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 23 houra from Eureka.
Nor stmr Kvarven, Kanitz, 3^4 days from
Comox.
Br Etmr Adato, Mclntyre, 80 hours from Port
Hadlock.
Tub Geo R Vosberg-, Weber, 6 days . from
Nehalem. with barge Q H Wheeler In tow. |
Schr Free Trade, Joansen, 6 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Albion, Lareen, 4 day« from Coquille
River.
Schr Western Home, Christensen, 6% days
from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, May 15.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Chas Nelson, McLellan, Eureka; The
Chas Nelson Co.
Stmr Hyades, Garlich, Seattle; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Br Btmr Victoria, Blakey. Chemainus; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Ship Geo Curtis, CaJhoun, Honolulu; Welch
& Co. i
Ger ship Osorno, Albrand, Queenstown; Ep
pinjrer & Co. .
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
Wednesday. May 15.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, Portland.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, .
Stmr Queen. Thomas, San Diego.
Etmr Newsboy, Ahlstrom, Usal. '
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, Coquille River.
Stmr Newbunr. Petersen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Emoire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Bihlers Point.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ross.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land"
Ing.
TELEGRAPHIC,
May 14, 10 miles off Eureka— Brisr Harriet
G, hence April 3. for codfishlnff.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. May 15, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity 12 miles per hour.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 15— Schr Excel
sior, from Port Blakeiey.
Arrived May IS— Stmr Pasadena, from Eu
reka; stmr W H Krug-er, hence May 13.
Sailed May 15— Schr James A Garfleld, for
Cods Kay; stmr Samoa, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived May 15—
San Moteo, from Nanaimo.
ASTORIA— Arrived April 15— Stmr Columbia,
hence May 13.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 15— Stmr Nation
al City, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In May 15— Stmr
State of California, from Skaguay; stmr Dol
phin, from Skaguay; ship Florence, from
Honolulu.
Arrived May 15— Schr Albert Meyer, from
Salaverry; Ital ship Chrlstobal Solar and Chll
bark Gertha, from Iqulque; schr Wm Olsen,
from San Pedro. ' -
TACOMA— Arrived May 15— Br stmr Glenesk,
from Port Townsend; Br stmr Glenojjle, from
Port Townsend; stmr City of Puebla, hence
May 11.
CASPAR— Sailed May 14— Stmr Luella, for
San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 15— Schr Roy
Somers. for San Pedro.
PORT ANGELES — Arrived May 15-Brlgr
Courtney Ford, from Salina Cruz.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 15— Stmrs Dolphin
and State of California, from Skaguay.
REDONDO — Arrived May 15 — Stmr Coronado,
from Grays Harbor.
Sailed May 15— Stmr gtimson, for Seattle.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 15-Schr
Meteor, from San Pedro.-
EUREKA— Arrived, May 15— Schr Bertha Dol
beer, from San Diepo; schr Chas E Falk,- from
San Pedro; Btmr Westport, hence May 13.
Sailed May 15— Stmr Signal, for Columbia
River; stmrs Pomona and Santa Barbara, for
San Francisco; bktn Katie Flicklnsrer, for
Mollendo.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 15— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 6— Bark C D Bry
ant, hence April 20; bktn S N Castle, hence
April 17: Br bark Highlands, from Newcastle,
Aus. May 7— Stmr Newsboy, from Newcastle.
May 8— Bark Carrollton. from Tacoma; Br
stmr Mcana, from Australia. *
Sailed May 4— Schr Helene, for San Fran
cisco: bark R P RIthet, for San Francisco;
ship M P Grace, and anchored outside harbor
To sail May 11— Ship TiUle E Starbuck, for
San Francisco. May 10— Br bark Woolahra,
for Eureka, *
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 11— Br shlo Pal
gTave, from Tacoma; Ital ship Mount Carmel
hence Jan 16. May 13— Br ship Corunna, hence
Jan 12. ¦ ,
DUBLIN— Arrived May 13— Br ship Anglesey
hence Dec 29.
- YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 14— Br Btmr Duke
of Fife, from Tacoma.
GENOA— In port May 1— Ital ship Narcissus,
for San Francisco.
BARRY— Sailed May 14— Fr bark Edouard
Detaile, for San Francisco. - .
FALMOUTH- Sailed May 14— Br ship Perio
les, for Bristol. . ' ¦,
LONDON— Sailed May 14— Br ship Sir Robert
Fernla, for San Francisco. " . - .
NEWCASTLE, Aua^Arrlved May 15-Br ship
Lord Templeton, from Cape Town.
LIZARD— Passed May 14— Br stmr West
minster, hence Keb 16.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed April 14— Br stmr
Heathcraigr, hence F«b 25.
CALLAO— Sailed May 14^-Schr Forest Home,
for Honolulu.
MAZATLAN- Sailed May 13— Ger stmr Kam
byses, for San Francisco. ¦ .
KOBE— Sailed May 10— Br stmr Ping Suey,
for Seattle. . .
HONGKONG— Arrived May 10— Nor stmr Ber
genhuus. from San Diego.
San i Pablo to the Launching.
; The Santa Fe will run their; splendid steam
er. Ban Pablo to the launching o" the battle
•ship Ohio- on Saturday. 'May 18. ', .--. ¦¦¦ . \
She will leave Market-st. ferry; at 11:15 a.
m. ' and return after . the ; launching. - Tickets,
BOo for round trip, at Santa Fe' Ticket Office,
Market-sf ferry. «/i / . ¦ : >; • -¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ .-
The Koimos line steamer Denderah - sailed
Tuesday for Hamburg via Central and South
America with a general cargo valued at $34,663,
manifested as follows: For Chile, $27,318; Ecu
ador, J70S2: Peru, $6023; Mexico. $2968; Central
America, $8407; London. $2760; Hamburg, $1103.
The principal exports were aa follows:
For Chile— 8625 bbls , flour, 38,671 lbs grease,
15 cs canned goods, 1920 Its codfish, 9 coils cord
age.
For Ecuador — 300 bbls . flour, 140 crs potatoes,
10 bales hay, 72 colls cordage, 1140 g:als wine.
3000 kegs blasting powder, 10,296 lbs tallow, 2970
lbs codfish. /
Tor Peru— 600 bbls dour, 120 cs canned fruit,
40 colls cordage, SS21 railroad ties, 48,820 2b»
roalt.
For Mexico — SO flasks quicksilver, 190 tons
coal, 1 pkg billiard goods.
For Central America— 597 kegs 40 cs blasting
powder, 6 cs caps and fuse. -
For London— 33,870 lbs cascara sagrada, 45 ska
Cargo on the |Cosmos Liner.
The German ehip Osorno cleared yesterday
for . Queenstown for orders with S9,iS8 ctls
wheat valued at {62,9C0 and 21,000 ft lumber as
dunnage valued at {315.
Wheat for Europe.
Shipping Merchants.
The Diamond Head will ioad merchandise for
Honolulu.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The freight transport Samoa will not
sail until to-morrow at noon. A quantity
of freight has to be shipped and the
steamship has been held to take it.
The British ship Dowan Hill is still fly
ing her bunting in honor of President Mc-
Kinley. Captain Puxley has added the
stars and stripes and a bear flag to his
decorations and his vessel is now as pret
ty as a picture.
M. A. Tucker, late manager of Peter
son's boathouse," is going into business on
his own account. In a few days he will
have the Gene, SnUg and Dott in running
order and will then be ready for work
on the bay. The Gene will be a twelve
knot launch, the, Dott will be schooner
rigged for outside worK and the Snug wiil
be an open launch.
Another man made his escape from Al
catraz in a box a few days ago. He was
shipped on the Grace Barton from the
military station and when landed on Clay
street wharf broke his way,, out and es
caped ud town. TV. Morrison, the Har
bor Commissioner's boatman, saw him
break out, but was too astonished to at
tempt to arrest him. .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
"Water Front Notes.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Mar
iposa arrived from Honolulu yesterday.
She will be fitted out for the Australian
run and will sail on the 30th inst. for
Honolulu. Pago Pago, Auckland and Syd
ney in place of the Sonoma. The latter
vessel will be laid off for repairs to her
starboard engine. The Zealandia sails to
morrow for Honolulu in the Mariposa's
place.
Among the passengers who came, up on
the Mariposa were R. W. Wilcox and Sam
Parker. They are here to lay some mat
ters connected with the Territory betore
President McKinley. The Hons. Mott
Smith and F. W. Beckely were also among
the passengers.
Those who came up in the cabin of the
Mariposa were:
J E. Austin, wife and two children: Mrs.
Borehrevlnk and chiid. Miss Brewer, St. E.
Bryan Jr., A E. Bailey. R. E. Burke and
wife J. F. Carlisle and wife, J. H. Campbell
and wife, Mrs. J. C. Cohen, A. de S. Cana
varro D. T. Davis. William Douglas. Miss
Daly * J. J. Dunne, J. M. Fleming, W. M. Gif
ford, F. Haviland, C. B. Henderson and wife,
Mrs. TV. L. Howard. Mrs. R. II. Haskel and
child. W. J. Hayes, George Hammer. Mrs. F.
J. Kruger, three children and nurse; E. A.
Keithley and wife. Mrs. Keohokalao, J. E.
Ltndsey, F. C. Lindsley. H. W. Lombard; H.
M. Mo'tt-Smith. wife, two children and maid;
R McKeague. Miss Clara Mueller. T. ! P. Mc-
La,uj?hlin, J. A. Mand. M. • Mclnerney, Mr.
McKay Sheldon Mantle. S. Parker, wife and
eon- William A. Robinson, T. B. Richards and
wife; Mrs. A. Smithies, child ana servant;
Mrs Shaughnessy and child, H. Trail. Miss
Trowbridse. A. H. Wagner. TV. M. Warren,
Miss E. Wilson. F. S. Washburn.
Captain Merry, in charge of the naval
station at Honolulu, has been heard from.
He went to Guam, and as no news of
his whereabouts reached his friends for
months they began to worry. Latest ad
vices show that he went from Guam to
Manila' on the Brutus and is now prob
ably on his way to San Francisco on the
Sherman.
Islands on Schedule Time.
3OAB.IPOSA FBOM HONOLULU
Mail Steamship Arrives From the
THE exodus of gold hunters for the
Nome and Golofnln fields will be
gin next Tuesday with the depart
ure of the steamship Ruth. The
following Friday the Valencia will
get away and on Saturday, May 25, the
John S. Kimball, Portland and Cone
maugh will follow. On Monday, the 26th
inst., the City of Puebla will take a num
ber of miners who will join the Senator
at Seattle, and after her there will be
regular steamers until the season is over.
The Ruth made several trips between
Seattle and Skagway, but latterly has
been on the Eureka run. She is a new
steamship and well equipped for the voy
age north. Among the passengers who
will sail on her are W. H. Black, N. S.
Vestal, H. P. Kquires, H. Harris, R. L..
David, W.- Smith, W. H. Mann. D. B.
Libby and son, George Bunker, W. Bun
ker and M. Estey. All the first cabin and
nearly all the second is taken.
The ex-transport Valencia will go out
with every berth taken. Among those
who will go north on her will be Monroe
Salisbury and wife. Mrs. J. M. Lane, Mrs.
G. Taylor. Mrs. W. A. Clayton. S. Shaln
¦ and wife. Helen Wakefleld, Mrs. J. A.
Rockefallon, Miss Beecher. J. M. Collins,
Miss B. Collins. Thomas Paynton, R. B.
Harlan, C. A. Kelly, H. G. Jones, J. J.
Clement, E. Johnson. F. M. Tracy. F. C.
Fellons, A- P. Mourdant and Mrs. D.
Eaton.
The Portland, Conemaugh and John S.
Kimball will also take all the passengers
they can* carry. None of the vessels will
have full lists leaving here, as they have
to call at Seattle for passengers who re
served rooms by telegraph.
The Carriage and "Wagon Makers' Asso-.
elation held a meeting at Xatlve Sons'
Hall .and agreed to appoint a committee
to adjust the scale of wages a
nine-hour day. This means a reduction to
some of the higher paid employes who
went out on strike. The strict letter of the
union schedule will be followed, but under
no circumstances will the union be recog
nized. Many shops are now running to
their former capacity.
Machinists are preparing 1 for th© strug
gle \rlth their employers that will be in
augurated on Monday. An overflow meet
ing: of the men connected with the Iron
Trades' Council, as the eight "Unions com
posing- that body are called, was held last
night at B'nal B'rith Hall. An earnest
discussion of the demands that will be
made on that day resulted In the adoption
of a comprehensive plan of action.
On Saturday night, as at present ar
ranged, it is the intention that *ach fore
man shall inform the men whether the
heretofore submitted agreement has been
signed by the employers. If no definite
answer comes from the latter the men will
report for duty as usual on Monday
morning, but will refuse to go to work
unless the demand for nine hours a day
and an increase of 12H per cent In pay Is
granted.
A rumor has gone abroad that the re
quest, extended by the Union Iron Works
to other shipbuilding and iron working es
tablishments that the men be granted a
holiday on Saturday to witness the
launching of the Ohio was a covert at
tempt to prevent the machinists' strike.
That this intention existed is denied by all
concerned.
The; strike of the cooks and waiters is
6till manifested by the pickets in front of
restaurants. In a lengthy statement is
sued by the Retail Trades Council, repre
senting seventeen affiliated unions, the ef
fort of the waiters and cooks to better
their condition is approved. Following is
a part of the statement:
The Retail Trades Council does not approve of
rrmpathetic strikes, except as a. last resource
against oppression. It does, however, approve
of the action of the Bakers' Union in calling out
its members who were working- in bakeries at
tached t to restaurants that employ non-union
cooks acid waiters. The Bakers' Union hesitated
before ; taking- this Important step; but It was
forced "to take sides by the unfair actions of the
Restaurant Keepers' Association.
This association was formed for the purpose
of preventing- the cooks and waiters of this city
from ljtttering- their position.
The San Francisco Labor Council has
also issued a lengthy statement. *n which
appears the following:
It 1* positively known that the Employers'
Association, -with Its secret officers and 6ecret
Tnembfrsb.il>. is forcing hotel and restaurant
keepers, manufacturers and repairers of
wagons, metal-polishing firms and others Into
line by refusing them supplies' needed In the
conduct of their business. The small merchant
and manufacturer Is being used against his
will to flKht the trades union.
Carriage Makers Grant All
Demands' Save Union
C Recognition.
Machinists Prepare Plan
for a General Walk-
Out.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL^ MAY^ 16^ 1901^
Ruth Will Get Away Next Tuesday, and Will Be Follov/ed by the
Valencia, John D. Kimball, Portland and Gonnemaugh in
Quick Succession — Will Touch at Seattle to Receive Passengers
MONDAY CRUCIAL
DAY OF STRIKE
FLEET OF STEAMSHIPS IS READY
TO LEAVE FOR NOME GOLDFIELDS
DELEGATES HEAR
ABOUT FLOWERS
VESSELS IN READINESS FOR' THE RUSH TO NOME. THE RUTH WILL SAIL, NEXT TUESDAY AND THE VA
LENCIA TWO DAYS LATER, WHILE THE JOHN S. KIMBALL WILL LEAVE NEXT SATURDAY WEEK FOR
POINTS* NORTH OF ST. MICHAEL.
Nobody is a gxxxl judge of a baby who
has had anything to do with it.
"W. B. Lind was captured on the Sacra
mento Stiver with fresh sturgeon In nis
possession and two Japanese were found
fishing on the Crouch ranch below Chico
on Sunday, contrary to the State ordin
ance. The minimum fine for these of
fenses is $200.
Violators of Game Laws Caught.'
Deputies Huph "Walters and L. N. Ker
cheval of the State Board of Fish Com
missioners report two recent arrests of
persons guilty of violating the game laws.
to Elide Into the excavation. Baldwin is
111 In a sanitarium and an effort will be
made to have his agent take action In
the matter.
Steamet Movements.
LIZARD— Passed May 14— Stmr Westminster,
frpm San Francisco, via St Vincent, C V,
for . ¦
BEACHY HEAD — Passed May 14 — Stmr
Heathcraig, from San Francisco, via Valpa
raiso and St Vincent, for Hull. • ,
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived May 15— Stmr- St
Paul, from New York.
Sailed May 15— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der
G'rosse; from Bremen, for New York, via Cher
bourg.
•HONGKONG— Arrived May 10— Stmr Bergren
haus, from' San Francisco and San Diego, via
Biozo, St Vincent.
'Arrived May 10— Stmr Wilhelmina, from
Portland, Or, via Corona, for Naples.
Arrived prior to May 15 — Stmr. Victoria, from
Tacoma, via Yokohama. ¦ ¦
•CHERBOURG— Sailed May 15— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse, from Bremen and South
ampton, for New York..
MO VILLE— Arrived May .. 15— Stmr Sicilian,
from New York, for Glaagrow, and proceeded.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 14— Stmr Nomadic,
for New York: stmr Siberian, for St Johns,
N F, ami Halifax.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 15— Stmr -Iver
n'ia, for Boston. « . . • . .
ANTWERP— Arrived May 14— Stmr Swltzerr
land, from Philadelphia.
¦ ANTWERP— Arrived May 14— Stmr Neckar,
from Dresden.
¦Sailed. May 14^ — Stmr St Louis, for Southamp
ton; stmr Majestic, for Liverpool; stmr South
wark, for Antwerp.
9
; Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
May 16.
Rainier ... Seattle & N. What
.Eureka....... Humboldt .
North Fork... Humboldt
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
May 17.
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way
Santa Ana — Seattle & Tacoma.
, May 18.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ....
Fulton Grays Harbor ....
San Pedro Humboldt
Pomona Humboldf
Corona — ,... Newport
Zealandla Honolulu
Newport Panama & Way..
Q. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
Point Arena.. Point Arena
Acme Tlllamook Bay — .
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.
May 19.
Santa Rosa.. I San Diego
( May 2O. !
Rival Wlllapa Harbor....
•VMnr 31.
llmatllla Puget Sound Ports
Coptic Chinaland Japan..
Arcata.. ...... Cqo»lBay !
:Bonlta Newport —
. '--'."5May 22.
Coronado Grays ! Harbor
Queen San Diego
2 pm
9 am
9 am
11 am
12 m
6 pm
I
S pm
5 pm
5 pm
4 pm
9 am
10 am
12 m
11 am
2 pm
12 m
12 m
Pier !
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 34
Pier 33
Pier 3
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 7
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 8
i
9 am
i
1
Pier 11
12 m
5th st
11 am
1 pml
12 m
9 ami
I
Pier t 9
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
9 am
Pier —
Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Kails.
dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
Humboldt. ...... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 19
State of Cal Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 20
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.. |May 22
Farallon Skaguay & Way- Ports.. May 23
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. I May 23
T^uth Golovin Bay direct.., ..(May 25
Santa Ana...... Nome & St. Michael... [May 27
Centennial...... Nome & Port Clarence. IMay 28
Steamer. ' :, From. . - Due.
Santa Barbara. Humboldt '. May 16
Acme Sluslaw River May 16
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 16
Santa Rosa San Diego May 16
Point Arena.... Point Arena May 16
San Pedro. ..... San Pedro May 16
Pomona Humboldt May 16
Proajreso racoma May 16
Umatilla Punet Sound Ports.... May 17
Rival.. Willapa Harbor May 17
Del Norte Crescent '- City May 17
R. Dollar Ban Pedro May 18
Eureka... Humboldt ' ; May lit
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. May 19
Kambyses Hamburg & Way Ports May 19
Arcata Coos Bay May 19
Bonita Newport '. .*„. May 19
Queen San Diego May 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria... May 20
America Marui China and Japan. May 21
Tltania Nanaimo May 21
City of Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports — .. May 22
North Fork Humboldt May 22
Coronado....... Grays Harbor May 22
South Portland. Seattle and Tacoma May 22
Steamer.
From.
Time
Date Ft.
Ii W
!fi ... 3:43—0.4
H ... 4:32—0.9
18 ... 6:21 —1.2
J9 ... 6:11 —1.3
H W
20 .. 0:00 6.5
21.'.. 0:53 6.1
S2 .. 1:50 5.8
Time
Ft.
H W
10:36 4.8
11:31 4.9
12:26 .4.9
1:20 B.O
LAV
7:00—1.2
7:51 —1.0
8:42—0.6
iTlmel
L W
Ft.
Time
H W
8:28
4:14
6:00
6:51
H W
2:14
8:06
4:00
¦ .
To
2.3
2.6
2.8
9:46
10:30
11:14
6.5
6.6
6.6
5.0
5.1
5.1
i/w 1
6:41
7:45
8:58
8.0
3.1
3.2
; Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
May 16.
Rainier ... Seattle & N. What
.Eureka....... Humboldt .
North Fork... Humboldt
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
May 17.
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way
Santa Ana — Seattle & Tacoma.
, May 18.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ....
Fulton Grays Harbor ....
San Pedro Humboldt
Pomona Humboldf
Corona — ,... Newport
Zealandla Honolulu
Newport Panama & Way..
Q. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
Point Arena.. Point Arena
Acme Tlllamook Bay — .
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.
May 19.
Santa Rosa.. I San Diego
( May 2O. !
Rival Wlllapa Harbor....
•VMnr 31.
llmatllla Puget Sound Ports
Coptic Chinaland Japan..
Arcata.. ...... Cqo»lBay !
:Bonlta Newport —
. '--'."5May 22.
Coronado Grays ! Harbor
Queen San Diego
2 pm
9 am
9 am
11 am
12 m
6 pm
I
S pm
5 pm
5 pm
4 pm
9 am
10 am
12 m
11 am
2 pm
12 m
12 m
Pier !
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 34
Pier 33
Pier 3
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 7
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 8
i
9 am
i
1
Pier 11
12 m
5th st
11 am
1 pml
12 m
9 ami
I
Pier t 9
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
9 am
Pier —
Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Kails.
dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
Humboldt. ...... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 19
State of Cal Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 20
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.. |May 22
Farallon Skaguay & Way- Ports.. May 23
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. I May 23
T^uth Golovin Bay direct.., ..(May 25
Santa Ana...... Nome & St. Michael... [May 27
Centennial...... Nome & Port Clarence. IMay 28
Steamer. ' :, From. . - Due.
Santa Barbara. Humboldt '. May 16
Acme Sluslaw River May 16
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 16
Santa Rosa San Diego May 16
Point Arena.... Point Arena May 16
San Pedro. ..... San Pedro May 16
Pomona Humboldt May 16
Proajreso racoma May 16
Umatilla Punet Sound Ports.... May 17
Rival.. Willapa Harbor May 17
Del Norte Crescent '- City May 17
R. Dollar Ban Pedro May 18
Eureka... Humboldt ' ; May lit
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. May 19
Kambyses Hamburg & Way Ports May 19
Arcata Coos Bay May 19
Bonita Newport '. .*„. May 19
Queen San Diego May 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria... May 20
America Marui China and Japan. May 21
Tltania Nanaimo May 21
City of Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports — .. May 22
North Fork Humboldt May 22
Coronado....... Grays Harbor May 22
South Portland. Seattle and Tacoma May 22
Steamer.
From.
Time
Date Ft.
Ii W
!fi ... 3:43—0.4
H ... 4:32—0.9
18 ... 6:21 —1.2
J9 ... 6:11 —1.3
H W
20 .. 0:00 6.5
21.'.. 0:53 6.1
S2 .. 1:50 5.8
Time
Ft.
H W
10:36 4.8
11:31 4.9
12:26 .4.9
1:20 B.O
LAV
7:00—1.2
7:51 —1.0
8:42—0.6
iTlmel
L W
Ft.
Time
H W
8:28
4:14
6:00
6:51
H W
2:14
8:06
4:00
¦ .
To
2.3
2.6
2.8
9:46
10:30
11:14
6.5
6.6
6.6
5.0
5.1
5.1
i/w 1
6:41
7:45
8:58
8.0
3.1
3.2
BATLWAY TEAVEL.
B . Just a little better, 2
B i than anf other train |j
a —a little tetter service—^ d
I t more homelike fi
H feeling on the M
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED __'
y than you find elsewhere,! fj
0 and it runs like this H
1 LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
| 9 an Mon Tues Wed Thur Frl Sat Sun i
I ARRIVES CHICAGO , |
1 2.15 Bin Thur Fri Sat Sun *an Tues Wed |
| ' 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO |
fSflNTfl FE j
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tralaa leaf* mii nrc dnv to wrrlwe »»
NAN ntANCIMtO.
r (Main Line, toot of Market Street)
X.KATS — -From May 5, 1301. — abrivi
7:30* BenicU. Suiann, Elmira, Vaca»llle,
Roaue; and iiacramento. ......... 7:33r
7:30 a Daiia, Woodland. Knigbti Laudiu;,
M»rj8»ille. Orotille.. . 7sS.lp
?s3O* Atlantic Kxpress— Ogdeu and East 12:23*
7iSOa Port vosta, Martinez. Fresno, ll»n.
ford. Visalia. 1'orter.iUo..., l:55j«
8:0Ua Martinez, SaulUDioa.VttlleJo.Napa,
Oalistvga and Sauta Itosa ltt:23r
S:OOa Kile*, Pleuanton, Livennore, Stock*
too, Fresoix flaniord, Visalia,
PorterrUle 7»S3»
8iS9 A ShaaU Kxpress— DaTia, WUli ma (for
Bartlett SpriDgs), V.'illc w», Red
Bluff, Portland... ..t 7:53*
¦ i3Oa 8au Jose. Litermore, Stockton,
lone, Saeraiueuto, Pla cttiUe,
MiiryoTillc. Chico, Itnl U.itT...... 4>23y
.SiBOa Oakdalr, Chinese (Ycaeaiite;, fio-
nora. Carters 4:25»>
»:OO* Hajwarils. NiJcs»ndW»y SUtious. IIiSoa
9:0Va Los Anseiea Express — Martinez. -
Tracy, LaUiw>H. H ooutou, Merced
Fresno and IiOa Angoles 7:23*
O::m».v V a ii,.j,i, Martiuoi auU Way Stations !>:3Sr
I O:OUa Th« Overlaud Limited— Ogden, Deo-
ter, Uwj.hu. Chicago 6:5."5p
tliO«pSacrain«i)toiCiterSte»nierii |3:O»\
8:3t»p Haywards, Nlles and Way Stations. 7:53 ?
4i««r lteuieia. Winters, ' Maoiaiuento.
Woodland, KnlgliU J.ftudlug.
Harysv ille, Orofllle 10:03a,
4iflOp Martinex, Han Ramon. Yallejo,
Kauft. UalUtoKa. Santa Rasa WiZSa.
4t00p Niles, LlTerniore, Stockton. Lodi... 10:53a
4i»i»irHaywardB.lMlles Bmu.lo»9, Llvtrmora t^:33A
3:00p The Owl Limited— Tracy. Stockton,
Kresuo, Bakersfleld, Haugus for
Santa Barbara, Los AuKeles 8:33s>
3i«0p New Orleans Express — Bakenfleld.
Los Angeles, IXmtas. £1 Paso.
New OileAnB and East 7:33\
SiOOp Toaemlta 7:33%
OsOOp Hay wards. Niles and Sao Joie 7.33*
fdxOOp Vallejo IIj33\
U:»Ur Oriental Mail— Ogden. Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chicago 13:23p
• lOOp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Deuier,
Omaha, Chicago. , 4:23r
7:0Op Oregon and California l£x press, Hito- *
rnmeiati). Marysillle. JCedilliiK, "..-',-
rortUml, Tiigat .Sound and Kaafc Ss33a
SiA.ipSan Pablo, Pork Coata, Martines
and Way Stations 11:33a
t»<03p Vallejo 7-.53F
COAST LiINE (.Nurroir «im B e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7» 4> a Santa Cruz Excursion to Santa Cms
and Principal Way Stations } S :O "J r
8«I3a Newark.C't>nterTille,8au Jose.Fdton, -
Boulder Cr«ek.Saula Cruz and Way
Stations 5i3«»
1 2: 1 3p Newark Ceuter»llle, San .Toaa Sew
- Almaden, Faltou, Houlder Creek,
Santa Crux and l'rinclp»l Way
Stations flOs-™*.
5 4»1»* Newark. San Jose. Lea Gatos..... { jjSlsot
''CREEK ROUTE FERRY. '
rriaSll ritlOISCO— fitt *r Mirktt Slrett (Slip S> —
t7:15 8:00 ll:00A.U. 1:03 3:03 5:15r.«.
fMmOUUMB— FmI»IBi»i4w«t.— t«:00 {11:00 t3;0J
10:00a. M. 12:08 2:03 4:C3r.u.
COAST IjINE (Broart U«ng»).
; ; ; 4 ; . _•:;; ' (Third ami Tow nseml Sta.) -:'. : v:
•:IOa Baa Jose and Way .stations.. »<•..... •»»:»«!»
t7:«4»A Hail Joae »ml WujHUtkni l:3i»r
17:30a Sunday Kxcurelon for San Jcse,
Saut* Cruz, l^cido Grove and
Principal Waj Sutlona.vr. IStZOr
•ittASau Jose. Treit Piuoa. Uauta Cmz,
Pucilic <5ro»B, balinas. San Lois
Obiapo »n<l Princip»; iiitersaedUta
StaMoua. «tl«»
lOtSvA San Jose and Way Stations..... 7:3op
/l«:3iu New Almaden /3:3flp
IIiSOa Hau Joss ami Way Stations StUttf
tSt 13p San Matra, Kedwocl, Menlo Park.
• . • Palo Also, rtanta Clara. Han .)<««.
Tres Pinoa. 8ant» Cruz. Saliua*.
Monterey and Paciflc Grove tl»«43A
* »tSOp San Jose and Way Stations 9:S»A
MzlSr San Jose and Principal Way Statfous t»»«
t3:OOr San Jose. Los Gatos and Piiudpal f
Way Stations t»»«»*
5 ISO e San J ns« and Principal Way Stations »:35i
' . OjOOp ReJwoid. Han Jcse. Gllmy. Salinas,
•Santa Barbara, Los Angles 10:O3a
SiOOv Drt Monte, Monterey, Pacific Grorc
Loujpoo 10:03a
«t.ll>rSu Jose ami Way Stations ftiou*
all ;-«¦•> r San Joeeumi Way 8t»tioiia 7:ao>
' • A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. J Sunday only.
• Saturday only. /Tuesdays and Fndjji.
GKAPE-NUTS.
: AUTHOR'S SECRET.
Food that Brought Back Buoyant
Health.
ICewspaper ¦writers have a time of It to
get the right kind of food to nourish
them.' One of this profession who writes
for a Boston paper pays: "From the first
Grape-Nuts Food worked like a charm.
My stomach had been falling to digest
ordinary food and my nerves were com-
pletely unstrung. I. was about to give up
work while- preparing a series of articles
for the press, but by » a stroke of good
fortune they began to feed me on Grape-
Nuts. My strength gradually returned,
nerves became steadier day by day, and
I soon found I could do more office work
with greater ease than ever before.
TIjere came to me that feeling of buoy-
ant health and 6atlsfaction with my work
and! satisfaction with myself. In 6hort,
I fejt that life was worth living and that
I was 'girded up like a strong man for
a race.'
In my opinion,' Grape-Uuts is the one
perfect article of food Invaluable alike
for those that are sick and those that are
welK" "W. S. Gidley, author of "Happy-
Go- Lucky Papers/' "The Landlord's
Story." etc.
It Is a fact that Grape-Nuts Food xloes
supply the brain and nerve centers with
the .elements necessary to rebuild, nourish
and 'maintain. That brings health,
strength, happiness and the feeling of
buoyancy Mr. Gidley speaks of.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. • '&7U*S*<
w^_________^ -m^ — ____ m _____________^_L^- _'^'
Wjj))J)\ GOOD judge must have both experience
and learning. A housekeeper should \
be a good judge for she too must have
experience and learning or she may think that
the soaps made to look like Ivory Soap are just
as good. With experience she will know
that they lack the remarkable qualities of the
genuine. Ivory Soap— 99 4 >foo per cent. pure.
carrmOHT mi «r thc hmtu * «amm.c eo. Cincinnati
BAJXWAY TRAVEL.
TKeManmClttJr^r
Of the Burlington Overland
Excursions has made the trans-
continental trip scores of
times. He knows all the
points of interest en route. He
looks after his passengers day
and night; sees that the por-
ters do their duty; that the >
journey across the continent
is ENJOYABLE as well as |
quick and comfortable.
From Los Angeles, Mondays and Wed-
nesdays; San Francisco, Tuesdays and
' . Thursdays' — Omaha,
________ Chicago, Kansas City,
[¦ imfUgUSBl t- Louis and beyond.
liflflnilUlllm Tickets and berths
IfgffKnRl at 6 3 X * >Iarket Street.
IbSJow^I W. D. Sanbosv,
I • I . GenT Agent
L- — _ )
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:13 a
V Fresno... 2:20 p 2:S5 p 3:05 a
• " Hanford . 4:22 p 8:27 p 7:06 a
•• Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a
"Tulare "... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
V Bksneld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, .p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the' California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets aro honored on this train. ' Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
. 8:00 p. m. Is the Overland express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers And
free - Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
epondlng train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stooping
j at all points In Ban Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding ' train airlves at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Of flees— «41 Market street and in ' Ferry
Depot. San . Francisco; 1113 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦ '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
1 Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, *9:30, 11:00 a. m..
12:45, *1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 6:15, . *«:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. *9:00, *10:0O. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.. 12:45, *l:30, 2:30. ••3:45. 3:00. 6:00,7:30 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does . not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. .."•¦-¦! ¦ .- • i .¦
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. ' ' \.\
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO. SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— *5:25, 6:27. 7:47, 8:33, 10:13
a. m.. 12:25. 1:15, 2:M. »3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m. I
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. 'Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. *8:0O. 9:45. •11:00 a. m.. *13
m.,- 1:00, 2:15, *3:30. 4:30, •3:43. 6:43, 7:30, 10:10
p. m. ,
Trains marked (*) start "from San Quentln.-
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. - 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:43. 3:45, 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays.. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at T:10 and 10:35 p. m...
i SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00, 10:05. 11 ;I0 a.-m.. 12:13,
¦1:20 2.-30,' 3:45. 5:00.- 6:15, 7:15. 10:30 p. m. "<
- THROUGH TRAINS. -
6:55 a,m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions, - • ' - . ; • "•**a^0^wiiHW*S2
• !:15 p. m\ • Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. •¦, '
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
. : 8 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. ¦ • ' . ,•.. ., . ¦ : . ; v
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARXY ST. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manbood. Debility or
disease wearlDeon body anil mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him." Charges low. !
Cure* pnnrsinlced. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. tilBBON. M»u i'rauclsco. CaL .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I j—m Rootbeer . « B v
H 1*1 to refresh the hodjt 1
fai ¦' «V \u\\ ASScpackaaromakM H
RAILWAY TRAVEL^
CALIFORMIi HORTHWESTERH RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
- RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10 6:30 p.. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11 :30 p. m. - • - . • . .
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, tl:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:S0,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. v
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10,- 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.'; 12:45,
3:40. 5:15. p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
" and 6:35 p. m. "¦
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:05, 6:25 p. m. { :¦ .
Between San P^randsco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.' - ¦-• , ; ' . --¦. ¦
Leave ' I In Effect I Arrive i
San Francisco. | April 28, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I' 7~- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:2* am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
j . Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. - j 10:25 am
-. • ¦ • 5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
¦ Lytton. .
v , : Geyservllle. . '
| 3:30 pm '8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
¦7:30 ami 6:00 pml : • Hopland 110:40 arntl0:26 am
3:30pm| 8:00 am | and Uklah. J 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am ¦ 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville, ; 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm ; 6:20 pm
7:33 am] 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
>- - and • > ;
6:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami " . . • [10:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm[ 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
'Stages connect at Santa Rosa for; Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spring; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers;, at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelaeyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, - Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, -Riverside.- Lierley's - Bucknells.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Orr'a Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, -WlUits, Laytonvllle, Cummina,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, - Dyer, Scotia
and -Eureka. - '-. - ' ¦ - - '.' •¦•¦• '
-•• Saturday to Monday round; trip tickets at re-
duced 'rates. \ . : '-,"• -< -i-. ¦'<.;."
On. Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ,'.
¦Ticket Office— 650 •Market street, Chronicle
. Building. . ; •
H. C. 'WHITING. . R. X. ' RYAN,
Gen. ¦ Manager. : , Gen. .Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
"'¦¦: Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
9:30 A.M. TRIP ABANDONED MAY 16.
Leave San Fran. / ... .;. Arrive San Fran.
9:30a.m.l
p. m.|. ¦...'.. WEEK DATS.;.;..- 5:63 p.m.
4:15 p. m. J " Stay over nlKht at the { 8:45 a. m."
8:00a. m.l %., Tavern. . f 12:15 p. m.
'0:00a.m. ! : iv' • •-¦ 1:15p.m.
IC:00 a. m. 1 ...'..I. SUNDAYS ; 3:30 p. m.
11:30 a. m. f ¦ . 4:50 p. m.
,1:30 p.m. • , .¦.».:>¦' '. :• 5:60 p.m.
-;2:30p.m.J : ' : I 7:10 p. m.
Fare,- £an Franclaco to Summit & Return, $1.40.
Tlgket Office, 621 Market st., & SausalitQ Ferry.FAIR RULER. TO WHOM THE
SOUTHLAND IS PAYING HOM
AGE.
Why endure torture from fleas when you can
get rid of them by.uslii* Searby's "Fleas-Must-
Go?" 400 Sutter street. :¦ \ •
ROME/ May lo.-^It is reported here that
French troops have 1 taken possession . of
the oasis of Ghadames.' which gives. them
practical control of Tripoli. :.;i^MM|
French Troops Take an Oasis.
Twenty dollars,, including berth and
meals, for' a five days' trip on the elegant
steamship Corona, sailing every Friday,
for San PecJoand Los Angeles, calling at
Santa Cruz, Monterey/ Port Harford; Gav
iota/Santa Barbara ¦ Ventura and; other
interesting, points, allowing time for pas-J
sengers to go ashore,. arriving at ¦; San
Francisco : Wednesday morning. . Pacific
Coast Steamship Company: office 4 ? New,
Montgomery street; juder Palace Hotel. •
Cheaper Than Staying at Home.
'{COLUMBUS, O. , : May 15.— The Sovereign
Camp, Woodmen of the World, got down
to "business, to-day. The sovereign com
mander's report was submitted. Com
mander V Root reported that there were
129,837 members at the end of the last year,
a" net gain of 41.336. The death claims paid
during 1900 were $1,600,338.
"Woodmen of the World.
Brakeman Loses His Life.
SANTA ROSA, May . 15.— Theodore Cur
ran, a brakeman on,the,Carqulnez route—
the. Southern Pacific line running between
here and- Napa Junction— died last night
as a result of 'Injuries sustained . yester
day^ Curran fell • under- the' wheels of a
moving train. He leaves a wife and three
children. / ¦. "
ANTIOCH, May 15.— Coroner. Curry held
an inquest here this afternoon to investi
gate the death of Anna Bouley. Otherwise
known as Mrs. E. J. Krupper, the woman
who either Jumped or was thrown over-
Tward from the river steamer Captain
Weber near Bradford Landing -No. 5 on
May 4. As a result of the inquest the
Coroner ordered E. J. Krupper. the. wo
man's companion.* into custody. . The of
ficials are not satisfied that Anna Bouley
committed suicide, and the body. will be
j exhumed and a post-mortem examination
; made to determine whether the • woman
j was dead before ; she plunged into the
j waters of the river.- Frazier brothers,
j who found the body, declare that there
j were marks on the neck that would indl-
I cato that she had been choked to death.
CORONER. GqTElRY ORDERS
KRUPPER INTO CUSTODY
Anna Bouley's . Body Will Be Ex
humed and a Post-Mortem '
Examination Made.
' to a Civil .Engineer.'. .
CINCINNATI, May 15. — Announcement
was made to-day that Miss Marjorie Har^.
mon, daughter of Judson Harmon, ex-At
torney General of the United States, was
secretly married ..afternoon to
George Heckle,- a' civil engineer of Boston,
Mass. The. engagement of the couple had
been announced and the wedding was set
for June, but owing to Miss Harmon's
youthfulness her parents . favored a post
ponement. .-
Heckle came here on Sunday and on
Monday afternoon he and . Miss Harmon
visited the residence of a near-by rector
and were married in the presence of two
friends of the bride.
Daughter of Former Attorney Q-en
' .era! Harmon Secretly Married
WEDDING- K2TOT IS TIED
BEFORE PARENTS CONSENT
Embassador's Nephew Says She Shot
: at Him Because He Refused
- - Her- Money.
DENVER, May 15. — Mrs. Martha Ewart,
v.ho shot twice at Joseph K. Choate, pres
ident of the Denver"" Cotton , Mills ; Com
pany, society and club man and nephew
of United States Emzassador Choate.ila'st
night in the | office of .Wolcott & ¦ Valle,
wasS-xeieased on bonds of $5000 to-day. "In
formation was filed in' the Criminal Court
to-day charging Mrs. Ewart witfi attempt
ed.murder.- • • - - ": ' !
¦ • J.; F. - Vaile, attorney, for Choate, made
a- statement 'for publication as to the
events which led ; up to the shooting, tit
was ; to the effect that - in June,- 1900; Mrs.
Ewartfflled a suit for breach of promise
against Choate. • To avoid publicity, al
though denying liability,' Choate settled
with the woman,' paying, her; in full for
her claims. -Last .evening she. went to the
Choate residence, demanding additional
money. •' ¦ Choate .-A accompanied*, her "to
Vaile's office, .where the shooting later oc
curred. 'Choate- was married in February
last "to* Miss "Alice -Muller.; in -Brooklyn,
n.y.. v : ¦ ¦¦:-
CHOATE MAKES CHARGE
-AGAINST MHS.EWABT
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 15.— A company is j
now being formed composed of Phoenix
and • Prescott = men to locate and operate I
a vast garnet field which exists In north
ern Arizona. The company is to be incor
porated at once, and will locate several
miles of claims in the garnet district.
The garnet lands of Arizona have been
the cause of much searching and excite
ment at various times. On several occa
sions Individuals have secured small sup
plies of the gems, but never in large
quantities. The district where they are to
be found is remotely located, and is out
on the desert where one would, least be
likely to ¦ suspect ¦ rich minerals ' to ba
found. Richard Tea. now living in Pres
cott. was the discoverer of the fields. In
1879 s he had charge of a detachment of
soldiers who were^ acting as guards for
United States census takers. Many miles
northeast -of Klagataff and across the
Colorado River thfey found a wide strip
of desert, covered with; ant hills. On and
arc und these hills the garnets were found, I
as the ants brought them from below the,
surface.,. The party . took along only a i
small quantity of the gems. Tea tried,
several times afterward to locate the
fields but did not succeed until - recently.
Ho'will be put in charge of the operations
of the company. -
i The garnets from these fields that have
found their- way to expert jewelers are
pronounced of a high quality. They are
nearly all of a dark, transparent red col
or, although some black ones are found.
Th>> formation of the material which goes
with the gems Js of a fnranite nature com
bined with iron alumina rock."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Phoenix and Prescott
Capital Will Back -
the Venture.
GARNET FIELDS
TO BE WORKED
. TACOMA, May 15.—Alexander'McDon
ald; the richest gold miner in Dawson,
has been solemnly, invested with the title
and insignia of a- Knight of.St^ Gregory
by. special authority of Pope Leo Xlil.
Dawson advices say ' that the ceremony
of presentation; in St. Mary's 1 Catholic
Church was the most solemn service ever
held" there. ' The ' insignia of ; the • order
was pinned upon Mr. McDonald's breast
by Mrs. McDonald, who knelt, beside him
before the chancel i railing. ¦
¦¦ The Catholics of Dawson feel they have
been especially honored, since this order
has been conferred upon only two other
Canadians, both now dead. These were
former Governor Chapleaux and former
Prime Minister Mercier%of Quebec. The
presentation of the order. ¦ to McDonald
was made by Father Gendreau, who re
ceived a papal letter to the recipient con
ferring the'., title last, summer, when
Father Gendreau visited Rome. The
honor is the result of Mr. McDonald's
liberality to the church, as exemplified
by his founding of the Hospital
and his gift of $25,000 toward St. Mary's
Church. These gifts were made three
years ago. ;.' ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Alexander McDonald Is
Now a Knight of
, St. Gregory.
VATICAN HONORS
KLONDIKE MINER
* : : : : — V
and other relics of pioneer days, is one of
the booths constantly packed with sight
seers." -
The city is crowded with visitors from
all parts of Southern California and the
management declares the fair to be a
great financial success.
tor General Greeninger and Mayor Mar
tin, the chairman of the general commit
tee-, are being congratulated on the way
in which the carnival was'handled. The
fine apearance of the city and its decora
tions are due to the efforts of Dr. H. C. D.
Brown, chairman of the decoration com
mittee, and who attended to the details
In person. , ¦
There was a band concert this morning
in St. James Park, which crowded that
pleasure resort. Alum Rock Park was
liberally patronized and hundreds of peo
ple went driving through the orchards.
Another concert was given in the park
this afternoon and many of| the people
who attended spent the afternoon lolling
around under the shade of the trees.
Others went to the bicycle races. . -,.
Rex and his jolly band of maskers over
ran San Jose this evening and mirth and
jollification were the order of his reign.
The streets were throngeti with people,
who jostled against and pelted one an
other with confetti. It was a proper close
to the three days' carnival which opened
with the visit of the President.
Ri»x was personated by Ed Jobson and
his Quen was Eimile Lion. At 8:30 o'clock
Rex started on his tour of the city and
BOTH PLAINTIFF
AND PROSECUTOR
Colonel Duncan to Con-
duct Suit Against
His Daughter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 15.— "I believe that
when a. man is a lawyer and understands
his own case better than any one else he
should attend to it personally," said Col
onel Blanton Duncan to-day.
Colonel Duncan filed a certified copy of
a will, probated in Kentucky and made
by his lata wife, Mary T. Duncan. An
olographic codicil accompanied the cer
tified copy and will figure prominently in
the legal battle between Colonel Duncan
and his only daughter/ Mrs. Katherine
Lewis, both of whom are seeking to ob
tain the valuable property of the late Mrs.
Duncan. ,-¦ ' • ¦ ' .
Mrs Lewis, soon ' after her mother s
death, filed a will signed by her mother
and dated October 26, 1893. This document
leaves the Los Angeles home on Figueroa
street and the personal property to Mrs.
Lewis. The personal property is in the
possession of the daughter, but the hus
band and father Is suing to recover this
The will dated December 25, 1886. deeds
to the husband property In Kentucky and
makes trustee of the entire estate,
which Is to bo to Mrs. Lewis at his
death. The codicil, dated September 17,
1899, names Colonel Duncan as executor
and is practically the same as the original
will. The witnesses are Alice Austin
Antomeski and Minnie C. "Wood, both of
Los Angeles.
McCormlck left his home shortly before
8 o'clock for his place of business and at
the' same time his wife went to visit
friends. They agreed to return to the
home at 8:30 o'clock. Shortly after this
hour his wife was returning and was
passing through an alley, way leading- to
the'residence when she heard moans. She
became frightened and went to a neigh
bor's for assistance. Returning 1 , with the
neighbor/she found her husband lying on
the- ground, face, downward. . His right
pocket lining was pulled out. He looked
up and said:
"He hit me and took my monev.'
Then he fell back unconscious. Since
that time he has opened his eves at Inter
vals of a few hours and uttered a few in
coherent words. . j ' ' " .
A 1 number of men who. had been sum
moned and carried McCormick to his
home found that his watch was gone; but
after a search it was found, with the
chain broken. Physicians this morning
found a heavy bruise across the face.
They do not permit any one to see the in
valid. , . . - i
Mrs.- McCormJek- says a man has beon
following them for some time. Two weeks
ago he was on the porch of their residence
and Mr. McCormick opened a window find
flred with a rlfle» The next morning blood
was found in an adjoining lot, and it was
believed that the intruder had be«:n
wounded. The affair is very mysterious,
as it seems -strange that the would-be as
sassin, if only, a footpad, should so per
sistently follow one man for days.
SANTA CRUZ, May 15.— Albert S. Mc-
Cormick, proprietor of McCormick's Cy
clery. was assaulted and robbed near his
home In this city last night. Since then
he has been in an unconscious condition,
and his mysterious- assailant may have to
answer to a murder charge if he be cap
tured. '¦¦'/ '.'• - r - - "
Santa Cruzan the Victim
of a Mysterious
Assault.
This afternoon was devoted to the fire
men's parade and a municipal banquet.
A pioneer's log cabin, covered with all
sorts of pelts, from a grizzly bear to coon
skins, and stocked with flintlock guns
FOOTPAD'S BLOW ,
MAY BE FATAL
SAN BERNARDINO..-, May 15.— The
beauty and brilliancy of_< colors- displayed .
in the street decorationsiand the tasteful
arrangement and bleridingjfof orange, *
while and red in boothsfe'rected along
Third, D and ' K streets present j a gor
geous holiday scene to the street fair
visitors. . .
Firemen's Parade a Feature of the
San Bernardino Fair.
the route was lined with cheering people.
Six grotesque mounted police' headed a
puardof honor, composed of twenty-five
"Bats," a secret society of milltia.men.
Thfin came Rex and his Queen in a
chariot, built from an old fruit truck and
dra.wn by a decrepit animal. More' than
J50 maskers in grotesque costumes were in
line. A Mardi Gras ball at Turn \erein
Hall followed.
• ? ¦ - .
CROWDS THRONG THE BOOTHS.
Bricklayers Strike.
BAKERSFIELD. May 15.— The bricklay
eis struck to-day for $4 50 per day and
eight hours' work.
PASO ROBLES, May 15.— A locomotive
ran over and killed aged H. Tracy, a resi
dent of this city, to-day. Mr. Tracv was
deaf and did not hear the approaching
train. He was the father of H. M. Tracy
and H. N. Tracy of the Tracy Engineer
ing Company of San Francisco and Mrs.
E J. 2Cye of this city.
Killed by a Train.
LOS ANGELES, May 15.-C. S. Sutton,
general auditor of the Santa Fe lines west
o* Albuquerque, made an unsuccessful at
tempt at suicide at his residence at 726
West Twenty-third street on Sunday
ni£ht. The detail* were kept secret until
to-day, when meager particulars leaked
out. Mr. Sutton. who has been a resident
of Los Anpreles for less than a year, was
reported out of danger this afternoon.
At Mr. Sutton's residence word was sent
out this afternoon that he is subject to
neuralgia and in seeking relief last Satur
day night took an overdose of morphine.
Fe's Western Division Takes
Morphine.
General AuditOT Sutton of the* Santa
A. B. Hammond, president of the As
toria and Columbia. River Railroad i said
to-day that the story was net true, but he
declined to discuss me matter.
RAILROAD OFFICIAL
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
PORTLAND. May 15.— The s Oregonian
to-morrow will say: The statement Is
made upon what appears to be good au
thority that the Astoria and Columbia
River Railroad has been leased to the
Southern Pacific Company for ninety-nine
years.
The Astoria and Columbia River Rail
road Is about 100 miles in length and runs
between this city and Astoria. From the
be^t information obtainable the lease was
made about one year ago to C. P. Hunt
inston and becomes the property of the
Harriman syndicate, which' now controls
the Southern Pacific.
Pacific Company.
Leased to the Southern
Astoria and Columbia River Line
HARRIMAN ACQUIRES
AN OREGON RAILWAY
The vessel, which is said to be Insured,
was. on her first voyage to Australia when
the disaster which finished her sea career
occurred. When she landed her cargo at
f-ydnty she was to have loaded coal at
Newcastle for Famoa and thence for the
Pacific coast. The cargo was not insured.
There is nu hope of saving either vessel
or cargo.
The crew consisted of Captain P. Han
epn, Mate Joel Hughes, four seamen and a
!:oy. Mrs. Hansen accompanied her hus
band on the voyage.
VICTORIA, B. C. May 15.— News was
received by the steamer Moana. which ar
rived here to-day, of the wreck of the
American schooner Helene Nicholas, a ves
sel of 1S4 tons, well'known on this coast.
1 he Helene Nicholas, which was owned
ana commanded by CaptJIn Hansen of
Taccma. from which port she sailed, left
Apia. Samoa; on March 17 for Sydney, N.
£. W., with a cargo of copra and metallic
tar.d. She was totally wrecked upo.i an
unchsrted reef about sixty-two miles
from Noumea, New Caledonia, and now
lies a total loss in twelve fathoms of
water. All aboard were saved and were
at Noumea when the last report was re
ceived in Sydney by the direct steamers
from that colony.
Sinks.
Reef in the South Seas and
Tacoma Craft Strikes on Uncharted
SCHOONER HELENE
NICHOLAS A WRECK
Inhabitants Are Said to Ba Fairly
Crazed Over the Finding
of Treasure. ,
LONDON, May 15.— A story has been re
ceived by mail from St. Petersburg to the
effect that the inhabitants of Blagovest
chensk Vladivostok and the Amur Valley
have beon crazed by the reported discov
eries of gold in northern Manchuria and
are rushing to the supposed auriferous
district, which has been dubbed "Yellow
Russia."
Plat;rs and Riveters Who As
sisted, in the Building Sum
moned FTom Dumbarton.
SOUTHAMPTON, May 15.— Designer
Watson has reached the conclusion that
the hull of the Shamrock II is susceptible
of improvement, and there is reason to
believe that alterations are about to be
made amounting practically to the re
modeling of portions of the boat. The
preparations at the dock where the chal
lenger will be placed indicate radical
changes not connected with the spare and
canvas, which have hitherto been blamed
for the boat's shortcomings. A large gang
of platers and riveters who assisted in
the building of the yacht has been sum
moned from Dumbarton by telegraph.
These men will arrive to-day and will
work day and night until the alterations
are completed. . \
STAMPEDE IN MANCHURIA
TO REPORTED' GOLD FIELD
ALTERATIONS PLANNED FOR
SHAKIIOCS THE SECOND
Major General- Howard Will With
draw From His Position of the
Society's Prasident.
BOSTON, May 15.— The most striking ln
ciaent in to-day's session of the Congre
gational Home Missionary Society was
the receipt during the afternoon of an
official greeting from the Presbyterian
Beard of Home Missions in New York,
which said: >
"We recognize the large part you have
had in forming the Christian character
of many communities in the United States
and we, pray In the years to come the
work of your society may be even mo*
prospered and more successful in the ser
vice in which we are mutually engaged."
Major General O. O. Howard will with
draw from' the presidency of the society
and the committees appointed to secure his
successor have unitea on the Rev. Dr.
Newell Dwight Kil!i3 of Brooklyn as the
nominee for president.
PRESBYTERIANS PRAISE
CONGREGATIONAL MISSIONS
Four Shots Are Fired at Yung Foo
From Ambush and All Take
Effect.
SACRAMENTO, May 15.— A dispatch
to' the Bee from Walnut Grove says that
Yung Foo, a member of the Chinese firm
of Hong Tai & Co., was shot and killed
last night at 10:30 o'clock while walking
along the levee near his place of business.
Four shots were fired and all^took ef
fect. A member of the firm rushed out
upon hearing the shots and reached the
victim before he died. He could not tell
who wounded him. He breathed his last
a few moments afterward.
WALNUT GROVE CHINESE
SLAIN BY AN ASSASSIN
! SAN JOSE, May 15.— The fleeting love of
a doctor and a pretty Spanish girl wa3
recounted in Judge Hyland's department
\of the Superior Court this morning when
the habeas corpus proceedings instituted
yesterday by Dr. Frank Martin of Merced
to obtain possession of his two weeks old
child came up for hearing. This action
was directed against Mrs. Louisa Coron
ado, in whose possesssion the child has
been since its birth.
Two years ago the doctor practiced
medicine in this city and where here he
fell a victim to the wiles of Alicia Pin
«rd, a dozen years his junior. Their mar
ried life was as short as the courtship
and a few months later she left him while
he was in Watsonville and returned to see
her mother in Guadalupe, who was on her
deathbed. The mother died and at the
funeral the doctor and his young wife
quarreled. He did not want her to at
tend the funeral, because she would have
ridden in a hack with a former admirer.
Dr. Martin was arrested for disturbing
the peace and the couple separated.
Mrs. Martin made her home with Louisa
Coronado. an old Spanish woman, and it
Is said she was madly Infatuated with
I Pietro Coronado, the latter's son. 7,i
fact, the doctor to-day said that his
mother-in-law on her deathbed had been
the means of separating, them, as she had
made her daughter promise to desert him
for the young man.
Mrs. Martin died on May 6, at the time
the baby was born, and the child fell to
the care of Mrs. Coronado. A few days
ago Dr. Martin returned here and de
manded his child, but the old Spanish
woman refused to give it up. Habea3
corpus proceedings were instituted and
Mrs. Coronado and the^baby were In court
this morning. After hearing some evi
dence Judge Hyland ordered the child
given into the custody of the father, who
will take It to Merced with him.
Story of Merced Physician's Brief
Courtship and Stormy Married
Life Rstold. •
COTJRT RESTORES UH i i.T>
TO DB. FRANK MARTIN
¦ ¦ """ ¦¦ - . ¦ |
S^ AN JOSE, May 15.— Band concerts,
(J^L-' outings -and drives in the orchard -^
— -vl " districts, bicycle races, the, whole * :
£*-** terminating with • Rex's —advent
'. and a Mardi Gras . ball, was the
fitting termination of Santa Clara i
County's greatest floral show. 'There/
were thousands of visitors. All San Jose j
is jubilant over the success of the recep
tion arranged for the President and all
that Is regretted is that the chief execu
tive could not be here to enjoy it. Direc-
Colonel Cochrane reported to^Rear Ad
miral Kempff that Lieutenant Colonel
Goodrell was intoxicated and that night
he had fcim arrested, ostensibly on the au
thority of Rear Admiral Kempff. The lat
ter disclaimed having given such an order
and reported the situation to Washington,
•with the result that Lieutenant Colonel
Goodrell remains in custody and Lieuten
ant Colonel Allan C. Kelton has been
placed In command at Cavite. relieving
Colonel Cochrane. All are now awaiting
the result of ;i court of Inquiry. •
Previous to this incident Colonel Coch
rane had imprisoned Major and Assistant
Quartermaster Thomas C. Prince for al
leged disobedience in reference to requisi
tions, but Major Prince was unanimously
vindicated by the court and continues his
duties as assistant quartermaster. Colonel
Cochrane also complained of Major Lin
coln T. Waller on account of some diffi
culty with Private Gardner over an al
leged disturbance by Gardner of a dinner
party at Major Waller's house. Gardner
has "just been tried and acquitted, and
this, according to Colonel Cochrane.
strengthens the allegations against Major
Waller.:
WASHINGTON, May 15.— Adjutant Gen
eral Corbin received a cable message from
General MacArthur to-day saying that
the transport Logan arrived at Manila
yesterday and that the transport Kllpat
rick arrived there on the 12th inst. A por
tion of General MacArthur's dispatch was
withheld. There is an impression that he
referred to the alleged commissary
frauds.
MANILA. May 15.— An unhappy situa
tion has developed at the headquarters of
marines in Cavite. Colonel Henry C.
Cochrane was recently ordered home and
Lieutenant Colonel Mancil C. Goodrell,
formerly commander under Colonel Coch
rane at Olongapo, was ordered to relieve
him. When Goodrell arrived to succeed
Cochrane the two ofScers had an alterca
tion which resulted in Goodrell's denounc
ing alleged acts of Cochrane in connection
with the Olongapo command.
Courts of Inquiry and Ap
peals to Washington.
Troubles ; at Cavite Causes
/Colonel Cochrane Makes
Charges Against
Subordinates.
BOW IN GAMP
OF THE MARINES
The company says it will proceed to
move cars to-morrow under the guard of
the soldiers, and General Rone, in com
mand of the troops, says he will assist to
the best of his ability with his 2200 troops..
Marshall, the non-union motorman who
was injured yesterday by the mob, is
very low and will probably die before
morning. '
General Hoffman's Sudden Death.
Edward M. Hoffman of Elmira, adjutant
general of the National Guard and chief
of the Governor's staff, died suddenly to
day in this city. He was in consultation
¦with Major General Rohe, commander of
the National Guard, concerning the dis
position of the troops called into service
to quell disturbances incident to the street
railway employes' strike, when he was
taken with a faintness. He was assisted
to his room, but died before a physician
could be called. General Hoffman was
about fifty years of age.
In a hollow rKjuare of infantry, protect
ed by lines of pickets that reached into
every bisecting street and an outer skir
mish line in circular form that encom
passed, all, the traction tower wagon was
moved out of the barn this afternoon and
two hours were spent -in repairing trolley
wires. The heavy force of Guardsmen
and the stringency of the protective meas
ures seemed to awe the crowds that
surged around the outer skirmish line and
there was no <lisorder. The soldiers were
Jeered at and derided, but no one offered
them violence.
Sixteen of the non-union men were in
jured during the ride and many of them
stunned, .weak and scared, had to be
helped from the wagons. Of the sixteen
injured men only one was sent to the hos
pital: He was wounded in the arm and
head and the surgeons say he was shot.
The strikers say that eighteen non-union
men deserted during the ride and that less
than fifty were safely landed in the barn.
Many ITon-Union Men Hurt.
Smaller crowds had gathered at various
points along the route to the barn and
thev threw stones when the non-union
men rushed past. There was another wild
scene at the barn, where thousands more
had assembled. The infantry repeatedly
charged into the crowd, substituting butt
for bayonet, and after much effort a pas
sage was opened for the scurrying caval
cade and it was safe inside the inclosure.
Two blocks up State street a clever
military ruse blocked the downtown mob.
Two companies of the Tenth Battalion
were concealed in Chapel street, and when
the cavalry escort dashed past they ran
across State street and faced the pur
suing- crowd with fixed bayonets. The new
line wavered and broke on one flank, but
in the main the movement was successful.
But the non-union men were not yet free.
Suddenly a side door of the station was
thrown open and up the alleyway toward
the waiting teams marched the non-union
men. Once they were all aboard the driv
ers brought their teams out into the
street, the cavalry closed in around them
and the race was on. The police threw
themselves across the street in solid pha
lanx, but the crowd, roaring its threats
against the new men, swept over the po
lice and took up the chase. Ahead were
thousands more, and with no fear for
either heels of horses or blades of steel
they closed in. around the cavalrymen.
Soon there came a volley of bricks and
three of the non-union men sprang from
the rear wagon and were lost in the
crowd. The flying column dashed into
State street forthe run up past the capi
tol. Here the crowd was as dense and
desperate as the other, and men plunged
In around the galloping horses. One rider,
cut eft from the crowd,. brought his saber
down on the face of one of his antago
nists and a line of blood marked where- it
struck.
Confronted by Fixed Bayonets.
The ray* of the setting sun gave glint
to busy sabers, but the long blades,
wielded by forbearing hands, seldom de
scended in serious blows. Several of the
mob were knocked down by cornered cav
alrymen, but the record does not yet score
a single fatality. In the passage through
the streets few of the non-unionists as- j
caped the flying bricks and stones tl«at ;
were hurled at them, but les=s than a uoz- |
en were badly hurt. The courage of j
nearly a dozen of the non-union men •
failed them in the opening spurt through
the crowds and they sprang from the
wagons that carried them, to mingle with
and be lost in the crowd.
The ride of the non-union men through
the citv was the dramatic spectacle ot the
dav At 5 o'clock the Third Signal Corps,
mounted and armed as cavalrymen,
formed a hollow sauare around the nun
union men who had just arrived at the j
e Five thousand men tagged at their heels j
and jammed in around them and thou
sands more crowded into the intersecting •
streets. Fifty policemen formed in a cor
don about the waiting dragoons and tried
to force the crowd back. The street was
cleared but the walls of humanity on the '
sidewalks held firm and could not be^i
moved. A broken alleyway that runs
along the south side of the bnion station
was the stage of the opening scene. Into .
It were driven four flat topped open,
trucks. The crowd recognized them as the
came vehicles that had carried the first
batch of strike breikers, and greeted them
with croans.
Cornered Troopers Use Sabers.
ALBANY, N. Y., May 15.-So serious is
the condition here to-night over the
traction company strike that Governor
Odell postponed a trip to the State insti
tutions which he had undertaken, and re
turned to the executive mansion. Two
thousand armed soldiers are now within
the city limits, more are coming and 2500
are in readiness to move to Troy wtyen
Governor Odell so orders. The streets are
thronged with excited men and women
and the otherwise quiet day terminated in
bloodshed. ' |
As long as the traction company does j
not attempt to move cars or bring in non
union men the crowds on the street re
main good natured. except for taunting
the soldiers and police, but the instant an :
attempt is made to work on the lines or |
bring non-union men in the crowd be- i
comes frenzied and bloodshed results. I
Citizens eaber-slashed, non-union men |
with broken limbs and bioody faces, worn- i
en and children trampled under foot, sol
diers maimed with flying missiles and
leaders in the crowd beaten with muskets
were some of the results of the day. i
Mob and militia closed in combat late ;
this afternoon, but by the accident pi for- .
tune there were no serious casualties. It j
was the introduction of more uon-unron .
men to take the places of striking traction ¦
company employes that produced the yio- |
ience. Seventy-five non-union men reached
the Union station shortly before 6 o clock
and their delivery at .the Quail-street
barn, a mile and a half away, was made
with a dash under cavalry escort, with
mob resistance in almost every block.
Frenzied men swarmed through the police
lines, surged around the fast-moving cav
alry-men and fought to get at the cowed
non-union men inside the circle of gailpp
ing horses.
Desperate Fights While
Cavalry Escorts the
Imported Men.
Saber and Bayonet; Freely
Used to Protect Non-
Union Carmen. —
MOBS BATTLE
WITH MILITIA
The request for a reduction of the in
demnities will still te discussed by the
Minlst-ers at Peking, who must first get
the instructions of their Governments. It
is anticipated here that other nations will
make stronger objections* to a reduction
than Germany, which appears to be will
ing to reduce the amount if it is seen that
China is unable to pay. all." •
The prolongation of the payments to
thirty years will probably be accepted.
Germany, appears favorably disposed
thereto. .
The Chinese proposition to raise the im
port *and export duties will probably be
accepted, since the only other possibility
of increasing China's revenues is the re
form of the likin duties, which the pow
ers particularly wish to avoid, because it
would renuire too much mixing in the
civil affairs of China. Further interna
tional control over the customs will be
unnecessary, beyond Sir Robert Hart's. '
" Officials here, discussing, the answer of
the Chinese Peace Commissioners say the
fact of prime significance therein is that
the commissioners agree to the indemni
ties as demanded, and the withdrawal of
the troops can now proceed forthwith, but
that not all the foreign forces will be
withdrawn at once.
"General Liu's troops attacked and scat
tered ' 1000 Boxers * forty-five kilometers
south' of Paotlngfu."
BERLIN, May 15.— The War Office has
received following from the German
headquarters at Peking: -
Band of One Thousand
Scattered by Chinese
Regulars.
Withdrawal of the Foreign
Troops to Follow the Prom
ise to Pay Indemnities.
BOXERS BEATEN
BY LU'S MEN
to wreck an lneominff train near this
place to-day was discovered about ten
minutes before the arrival of the mixed
passenger train from Salinas, and the ob
struction was removed in time to prevent
a disaster. •
Professor John Ivey was walking along
the railroad near the local Chinatown and
noticed what he took to be a large paper
bag on the track. He kicked the paper
and discovered that it contained a heavy
stone, securely wedged In the frog of the
switch In such manner that if the train
had struck it the wheels would undoubt
edly have left the rails. He removed the
stone and watched for some time to see
that a second obstruction was not placed
on the track and then reported the matter
to. the Souhern Pacific station agent here.
As yet no clew to the identity of the per
petrators of the act has been discovered.
Stone Wrapped in Paper Is
Found Lodged in Prog:
of a Switch.
5- v - — • — '
PACIFIC GROVE, May 13.— An attempt
Timely Discovery Saves
Passenger Train on
Coast Line.
WRECKERS PLAN
RAIL DISASTER
THE SAN FBANCISCO/CALL, THURSDAY; AY 16V2l90i.
REX AND HIS GAY BAND OF MASKERS
GIVE A JOLLY FIN ALE TO CARNIVAL
Grotesque Sovereign and His Queen Traverse Garden City Streets
: .in/a Chariot of Wondrous Construction Escorted by aJSquad
of ' M Bats" and Followed by Scores of 'Funma|ihg Roysterers
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIALIST
Heart and Kidney Diseases
OwinR to the zreat prevalence of KID-
NEY diseases and the late discovery that
URIC ACID, a blood poison, is the cause
of many diseases, DR. NAST has estab-
lished ¦ a CHEMICAL and MICROSCOP-
ICAL. LABORATORY, fitted up with the
same instruments and appliances used In
the great laboratories of Europe for the
ANALYSIS OF BLOOD AND URINE.
This is the enly positive and scientific
method of knowins whether a KIDNEY
disease is present. URIC ACID POISON
produces In some mental or nervous symp-
toms, such as a confused and dazed mind,
attacks of the bluts. splitting headaches,
loss of self-reliance, the memory gets poor
or the temper bad, fretful, irritable;
while in others the URIC ACID 1» pre-
cipitated in the joints and muscles pro-
ducing RHEUMATISM or GOUT. It fre-
quently causes neuralgias bladder troubles,
sexual disturbances, dyspepsia, palpitation,
asthma and some forms of HEART dis-
ease. There is no question that, much un-
necessary SURGERY might b« avoided If
it were known that many disorders of
menstruation, ovaritis, pelvic neuralgias
and kindred diseases of women owe their
origin to excess of URIC ACID in th9
b1 EKm''t delay. Know thy self before tak-
Ing medicine. Consultation free at office
or by mall. . -
DR. NAST,
1504 Market St.. corner City Hall Square.
San Francisco.
Dr. Icon's
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
DH.MEYEBS&CO. £g9& '
Specialists. Di3- 2§F '
ease and Weakness #B§&5
of men. Estab- Je^j. ¦ 1^2§?fe?S§?H
.:ishedl8Sl. Consul- TO XjPrYr
tation and 'private vftVl /-A
book free, at office nfftil-l
or by mail. Cures \*%4i^S£=t! 1 '
guaranteed. Tlil f^i*sR!rV>
Market street (ele- J/^SSSiSfti
vator entrance).. ' jff^. fl^fapK
San Francisco.
Solid oak sideboard with
French piate mirror and\ swell
front drawers. $12.50. We fur-
nish -your establishment
'¦ complete — carpets. curtains. ,
furniture and draperies. Let
"us give you an estimate.
iCredit if you wish, and poods '
.delivered free * ithin 100
miles. We dose at six.
T. BRILLIANT,
Furniture Co.
•33S-342 POST STFEET
Opposite Union Sauare. .The Original Little Louisiana Company «F
San Francisco, Organized September
IS87. Drawing May II. 19OI.'£g3l
JSo, 23.CS2 wlm $7500 0C, sold In San Francisco,
Cal.; No. 29,678 wins $2000 00, sold In San Fran
clbco, Cal. ; No. 24.290 wins $1000 00, sold in
San Francisco; Cal.; No. «0,014 wins $500 00,
eold In San Francisco, Cal. Nob. 22,138 and
60,279 each win {253 00, eold in £aa Francisco.
Cal. Nod. 817, 2270, 89,742.' 42,476 and 86,145 each
C*ia Ji.00 -CO, sold in San Francisco, Cal. ¦ • .
Mr. and Mrs. I. Barnett announce the
engagement of their daughter Bellrena to
David Franklin. They will receive June
2, from 2 to 5. at 1630 Buchanan street.'
Miss Josie' Hock and Mlss-Vera Hilbert
will leave on the Coptic for Japan, where
they will be Joined by Mrs. F. H. Hilbert.
After spending three months in China and
Japan they will return to Manila.
The Deutscher Club will hold its third
reception and social this. evening. May 16,
at Golden Gate Hall. ;
Mrs. Charles Coleman and Miss Janette
Coleman are away •. for the summer
months. They will spend part of the time
traveling through the southern part of
the State and later will visit Lake Tahoe.
-Mr. and' Mrs. Edwin Oscar Burns ¦ have
returned from . an extended visit to the
Eastern, Middle and Southern States,
where they were extensively entertained,
particularly in New York, where many, of
their friends and. relatives reside. •- • . . ' ,
Mrs. S. Kahn and Mrs. Sol Lichtenstein
of 2643 Bryant avenue have -discontinued
their day at home. . ; . . :.
Mr. and Mrs. Gabriel announce the en
gagement of their sister Hattie to Henry
L. Samson. They will be at home Sun
day afternoon. May 19, at 2044 O'Parrell
street. . ....
Announcement is made of the engage
ment of Miss Agnes Devlin and John Mal
lon and Miss Clotllde Josephine Devlin
and Clarence Sullivan. . Both weddings
will be celebrated on the same day during
the second week in June.
A luncheon was recently given in honor
of Miss Alice Mann prior to her depar
ture for 'the Kast by W. Johannsen at
his residence, Claybank, Sausalito. The
rooms were tastefully decorated with
roses and ferns. The guests were: Miss
Alice Mann, Miss Alys Bolster, Miss Mo
reen Ryan, Miss Beth Gorman, Miss Anna
O'Neill, Miss Alice Lynch, Miss Ethel Ed
wards, Miss Mai Version, Miss Celeste
Crowe, Miss Mildred Mann, Mrs. H. Weiss,
W. Johannsen, Gerald Richard Griffin, G.
J. Cummings. Harold Blake. Gerome Gib
son. George Lonergan, P. Hackett. John
Cain, D. D., Chappie Walklngton, John
Burns, M. D., Stanislaus Rothchild, Stan
ley Warren, J. Fredrick Stone and Clar
ence Hopkins of New York. ; .%':_ -. ;
Mr. and Mrs. • P. Lefkovltz.' Mr. and Mrs.
I. Nierman, Miss Settle Lefkovltz, Miss L.
Gennler, Mlea Rae Jacobs, MIbs Fannie
Schwartz, Miss A. Harold, Miss Rose Simon.
Miss Esther Gutte, Misses Bessie and Esther
Is'ovinsky, . Miss Sarah Beroovlch, Miss H. Har
ris, Mies Ida Isaacs, Miss M. Caen, Misses
Dora and Llllie Novintky.
A very enjoyable evening was spent at
the 'residence of Mr. and Mrs. P. Lefko
witz,- 355 First avenue. Sunday, May 12.
The following- were present:
j. L. FrJsbee, L.. E. Delano, H. J. Van Kirk.
F. D. Hall, R. Guraey. G. G. Frlsbee, V. J.
la Motte, A. Maginls, J. Baptlsta, A. W. Dol
lard. J. F. Hoskin. J. E. White, C. A. Hall.
II. de . Lyons. J. C. Allen, Mr. Cutten, E.
Earhart, H. A. Jarrnan. K. Brolie, A. D.
Cheshire, G. H. Pollack, Dr.. ST. K. O'Nell, C.
Casey, G. Rogers, TV It, Newton, G. Bpher, A.
E. Sug4en, D. Sanders, A. C. Cooper, L. P.
Inch, J. L..M&rtin. B. Kraus. J.. Jordan. R. C.
Travers, C. Duebel, P. W, Tenbrcok, F. - S.
Soby. G. J. Rogers. R. C. I>anlels. J. F. Keane,
R, GrifSn, Y»\ Wolff, F. Keeer. L. H-Grunig,
A.- Orman, Jl Gordan, D. R. Atklnsad, F.
Holling, R. Schord, V. A. Dinsmore. C. Mc-
Klnnie. Mr. Bebee, W. A. Conneau, \V> Nicol,
H. B. Cloak, G. G. Sanchez, P. Potter, C. A.
Potter, J. C. Stinson, A. J. Abraham, D. H.
McNeil, J G. Jones, li. "W. Martland, F. H.
Parks, E. E. McKenzle, H. S. Johnson, Mr.
Peterson, A. D. Lamotte, P. C. Windham, C.
J. Perry, R. M. Lutz, S. Brogden, C. J. Mc-
Laren, W. T. Gurney, A. Jordan, Miss M.
Smith. Miss C. Simkins, Miss L. Buck. Mies
Halleran, Miss B. . Holmes, Miss Wahlander,
Miss de Lano, Miss L. Eastwood, Miss K.
Ralston, Miss S. Hosken, Miss A. Bell, Miss
B. Harvey, Miss T. Fahey, Miss M. Smith,
Miss G. Austerrauhle, Miss A. Austermuhle,
Mrs. G. G. Frisbee, Mrs. F. J. Bauer, Miss
O. Himsacker. Miss K. Murry. H. McLaren,
O. Royst, E. Blackman, L. F. Kelly, G. W.
Llllie, C. A. Leib, Mr. Foley, F. Plnaglia. G.
R; Bartlett. Miss Roger?, Miss A. Gruber. MIeb
M. Lieb. Mies K. O'Brien, Miss M. O'Brien,
Miss Ryst, . Miss Thompson, Miss M. Carroll,
Miss E. Langrehr. Miss E. Polard, Miss G.
Stolz, Miss B. McLaren, Miss A. Murry, Miss
K. Brogden, Misa Peterson, Miss D.«Merwin,
Miss F. Meyer. Miss A. Mackenzie, MJgs A,
Spooner, Miss J. Haas, Miss M. Cuehman, Miss
.A. Norman, Miss I. -Penington, Miss F. Cloak,
MIpb T. Cleveland, Miss L. Conneau, Miss E.'
Clark. Miss G. Broderick. Miss H. Hobson,
Miss L. Mousthardt. Miss E. Wigand, Miss'E.
Edwards, Miss M. MacMahon, Miss R'eynold3,
Miss F. Kaiser. Miss A. Crowe, Miss I. Vivian,
Miss -M. Cunningham, Miss E. Davis, Miss E.
Sammy, Miss Z. Haas. Miss L. Hedman. Miss
F. McCoy, Miss H. Kraus, Miss C. " Evans,
Miss E. Bash, Miss E. Barthels, Miss E. Lieb,
Miss B. Turner, W. B. Lowenthal, Mr. Simp
eon, C. Kaiser, Mr. Joaliansen, Mr. Gray, Mr.
Mogensen, C. S. Wells. E. Bouche, G. Bocard,
J. Gruhn. C. Kuper. F. Kendall. R. Ross, J.
Schutte, Mr. Wilson, J. Fletcher, W. Crowell,
R. Roger, A; R. Stevens, E. Manning, Miss
V. Ryder, Miss P. Ryder, Miss S. Cralff, Misa
G. Keabon, Miss M. Metten, Miss M. Depue,
Miss C. Rodda, Miss F. Wigand. Miss K.
Drake, Miss Murphy, Miss E. Toothacher, Miss
Vincent, Miss Gadge, -Miss G. Duncan, -Miss
E. Waugh, Miss M. Horn, ' Miss M. Barclay,
Mi(=s G. Bagley, Miss E. "VValcorn. Miss IX
Conroy, Miss M. Smith, Miss E. Kersey, Miss
Hallowell, Miss Lardner, Mrs. Dr. M. E.
O'Nell, Mrs. A. D. Cheshire. Mrs. C. A. Pot
ter. Mrs. C. S. Wells, Mrs. J. S. Schutte, Mrs.
E-- B. Harvie. Mrs. W. H. Maple.- Mrs. Rice,
Mrs. Foley. Mrs. B, Bradley.
Rev. Andrew Parsons, pastor of New
Jerusalem Church, and Miss ' Elizabeth
Jones of New York City were married on
Tuesday afternoon in the church of .which
the groom is pastor.. Rev. Joseph
ceEter of the Second Church ""performed
the ceremony. Neither bride nor groom
were attended. After the • ceremony the
newly wedded couple received the con
gratulations of their assembled friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Parsons left on Tuesday
evening for an Eastern bridal tour. -
The Los Amigos Club gavs its closing
dance In Golden Gate Hall last Saturday
evening. The floor was under the man
agement of B. M. Jones, with L. H. Stew
art as assistant. The following members
and guests were present: - -
SOCIETY EVENTS.
XEW YORK, May IS.— Judge Brown, in
the United States District Court, issued
sn order to-day for the removal of Cap
tain Benjamin D. Breen, John P., William
T. and Edward H. Gaynor to Savannah,
Go., where they have been Indicted for
conspiracy in connection with O. M. Car
ter, formerly captain of the United States
Engineer Corps in the matter of improve
ments in Southern harbors. The Judge
says: "The defendants should be ordered
removed for trial, or give bail for their
due appearance."
Held for Conspiracy "With. Carter/
EVAXSVTLLE, Ind., May 15.— The
Etesmer Owensboro, a towboat, owned by
the Green PJver Coal Transportation
Company of this city, -was burned to the
water's «dge at Calhoun. Ky., last night,
and four lives -were lost.
The boat was without a watchman and
had tied ur> at Calhoun. Fire broke out
about U u. m. and spread with great ra
pidity. Captaiiv EaEtman. and Engineer
Robinson of this city made narrow es
capes with their lives. The two firemen,
r.nmed Crenshaw and Brfnkman, both of
Lvansville, together with two rousta
bouts, were lost with the boat. A large
tow of lumber was attached~to the boat.
but was cut loose and saved. The boat
is a complete loss and was valued at $6000.
ish in Flames Near Ken
tucky Town.
Firemen and a Couple of Helpers Per r
POUR LIVES ABE LOST
HT RIVER BOAT BLAZE
Postofljees discontinued May 31 — Califor
nia — Glamis, San Diego County, mail to
Ogillsy; Twin Oaks, 6an Diego County.
mail to Escondido.
Washington— Krupp, Douglas County,
George Urquhart. Postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California —
Harvey S. Clark Jr.;Lodi. Oregon — Hen
ry W. Swart, Kamela- Ira A. Hutchlns,
RuEsellville. Appointed— E, M. Day. Stu
art. Santa Barbara County, vice George
lngamelis, resigned; Columbus M. Bryan,
Todd Placer, vice Xicholas Quirola, re
signed. Oregon— Sarah Ward, Charleston,
Yamhill County, vice H. L. Ward, re
signed; E. W. Keasey, Keasey, Columbia
County, vice Elite MePherson. resigned.
¦Washington — James H. Mason, Orondo.
Douglas County, vice Elizabeth A. Miles,
resigned.
These pensions were issued to-day: Cali
fornia—Original—Charles C. Shattuck, San
Francisco. ?6: Charles H. Winter. Felton,
$s : Samuel \V. S. Bothwell. Corning, $6;
Arthur Miller, Sacramento, $8. Original
vidowp— -Mary C. Howard, San Diego, $8;
Elizabeth Edwards, San Jacinto. 58. Addi
tional— Petrick Kelly, Soldiers' Home, Los
Ange'es. Increase — Oscar F. Hosklns, San
Diego. $12: Peter Xielsen. San Francisco,
$S: George Copelin. . Newcastle. $12. War
v.-jth Spain, original— Thomas F. Cunning
ham, Yallejo, $20. ,
Oregon — Increase — Anderson Walker,
Oregon City, Pi. Original — Rouele L. Dis
bro. Dillard. $6; Samuel S. Smith. Port
land. $6; Jerry M. Heckathom, Medford,
58. Additional— William Stroop, Imbler, $8.
Washington — Original — Patrick Ken
drick. Soldiers' Home, Orting, $6. In
c-rease—Peter Holt, Seattle, $10. Reissue —
Frank O'Neil, New Whatcom, $S. Origi
nal widows— Maria Hadley, Seattle, $8.
In army orders Captain William L.
Geary, commissary, is assigned to . duty
as assistant to Major Wollberg H- Bald
win, purchasing commissary, at San
Francisco. Ma^pr Edward E. Hardin,
Seventh Infantry, is ordered to Join his
regiment and Is assigned to temporary
duty in the -Department of California.
Captain M. J. Henry, commissary, now in
San Francisco, is ordered for duty at
Washington Barracks.
»
WASHINGTON-. May 15.-Patents have'
been issued as follows: California-
Charles F. Allen and W. B. Grow, Huen
eme, assignors, half to L. B. Hogue,
Santa Paula, drive well device; Alexan-.
der Bardet, San Francisco, preparation of
rice or like cereals; Harvey M. Barn
groyer, Los Gatos, fruit picking machine;
Benjamin ;b. Brewer, San Francisco, draw
plate and ; stand for making seamless gold
crowns for teeth; Benjamin B. Brewer .
and W. M. H. Burfeind. San Francisco, '
apparatus for swaggring gold crowns; \
Lemuel N. Brown, Los Angeles, nozzle '
holder; Joseph A. Clark, Los Angeles,
oil burner or heater; Edgar Harrison, as
signor two-thirds to E. T. Pierce and J
T. Fitzgerald, Los Angeles, trombone;
Christian Heilrath, Sacramento, wheel re
taining nut; Robert Hewson, San Fran
cipco, steam turbine; Michael Kraker,
San Franeteco, lubricating device; Edwin
F. Maxwell, San Francisco, and E. J2
Angell, SoraerHeld, Mass.. sole edge trim- I
mcr; Amos W. Millen, assignor half to !
J. F. Butler, Overton, stop for cutoff
eaws; Joshua E. Ragsdale, Fresno, bicy- '
cle bearing dust protector: Jean Rev.
Maxwell, vehicle.
Oregon— William Eastman and "W. H.
Layer. Adams, bicycle attachment:
Thomas 11. Gilham and S. J. Souder, La
Grande, ."bedstead fastening;- Gustave A.<
Sachs, Eugene, breech-loading firearm;
Aaron M. Springer, assignor half to F.
G. Coles, Portland, windmill; Thomas B.
White, Portland, adjustable map.
Washington— Thomas Crostou, Hoquiam,
rotary engine.
The Postoffice Department made the
following announcements to-day: Poptof
fices established— California— Pepperwood,
Kumboldt County, William Lucas, Post
natter. - -'. -
tors in the Western States.
Numerous Patents Issued to Inven-
OF INXEBEST TO THE COAST.
One of the men in the rooms, it is al
leged, had smuggled a torch into the
mine, as torches give a better light than
the safety lamps prescribed by the com
pany. At 9:15 o'clock a miner fired a shot
and the smoke, which was very dense,
caught fire from the torch and spread to
either the gas or dust and the explosion
resulted. Fortunately the mine did not
catch fire to any extent. The explosion
vented itself through the air-shaft and
almost demolished the building on the
surface in which the fan was located.
The men on the headings did not know
there had been an explosion until notified.
The air was soon turned in and in a short
time the headings were cleared of foul
gases and the work of rescuing the un
fortunates commenced. It was 5 o'clock
before the work was concluded.
The George Creek ' Company, a Balti
more corporation, had invested fully $1,
000,000 in the mine, which is one of the
best equipped in the Fairmont coal region.
The mine' was only recently put into oper-.
ation and about 125 men were employed,
only forty of this number under ground.
Of these fifteen were in a portion of the
mine that has teen worked for some time
and the remainder were working on head
ings quite a distance away.
The injured are: Charles Carpenter,
fatally; Carl Hunter, fatally; Herschel
Everson, fatally; Joseph Blaney, fatally;
Italian, fatally; Jefferson Fast, badly
burned; Thomas Bainbridge, badly burned
and bruised; Italian, burned and bruised.
TONY PHILLIPPI. Italian.
JOE NICHOLS of Lonaconing. Md.
J. H. EVERSON of Everson, W. Va.
DAN ALFERREL of Farmington.
JOE SOMINICK, Italian.
MAYNARD BEATTY of Manhlngton.
FAIRMONT, W. Va., May 15.— Six
miners lost their lives,, five' were fatally
injured and three seriously burned in an
explosion at the shaft of the George Creek
Coal and Iron Company at Farmington,
sev^en miles west of this city on the main
line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad,
this morning. The dead are:. .
Use of a Torch in Violation
of Rules Causes a
Disaster.
Six Dead, Five Fatally
Injured in West
Virginia.
EXPLOSION KILLS
EASTERN MINERS
The strike among workers of the Hono
lulu Iron Works, which still continues,
resulted in a case of assault and battery
the day before yesterday. P. F. Ryan, a
helper in the machinists' department was
attacked Monday evening by several men,
v.liotn he claims were strikers, they at
tacking him on the ground that he was a
••scab." He was badly injured about the
head.
The Governor has appointed, in place of
the appointees who were rejected by the
Senate, the following: J. N. Boyd, Super
intendent of Public Works; W. N.
AVrlght, Territorial Treasurer; Edward
Boyd, Commissioner of Public Lands;
members of the Board of Health,. Dr. C.
L. GarvJn. E. A. Mott-Smith. F. C. Smith,
Vi'Jiam Auld, Dr. N. C. Sloggett. The
two Boyds are both part native and it is
thought that all the nominations are sat
isfactory to the Home Rulers.
The steamer Bomoa, owned by G. Kunst
<u Apia, Samoa, is to be used as a regu
lar liner between Honolulu and Apia, and.
is now on her way here on her first trip,
bhe is a vessel of about 1030 tons. The
camoa is expected by her owner to g-et
the business that was formerly done by
the Oceanic steamers, which used to call
at Apia on their way to Sydney. Since
the Samoan islands were partitioned and
Apia became a German port the Oceanic
vessels have began to call at Pago Pago,
which is an American port. The steamer
Samoa will bring copra from Samoa here,
for transhipment to Apia, and will go back
v-kh general cargoes.
The steamship Moana, which was form
erly on the run between San Francisco,
Honolulu and Sydney as one of the Oce
anic liners, arrived here this morning on
her first trip as one of the Canadian-Aus
tralian line. She leaves this evening for
Victoria.
HONOLULU. T. H., May 8.— Governor
Dole is still Indisposed and has decided
to take a vacation. He will spend a short
time In the Walanae Mountains to recover
his health.
Honolulu Iron Workers Con
tinue Strike and Trouble
Occurs.
Replaced.
Hawaii Men Rej ected by
the Senate Are
DOLE APPOINTS
HIS OFFICIALS
THE S^N FRANCISCO ! CALL, THURSDAY, MAY in, 1901;
11
K you want to
knpw where to
go this Summer
Whether to 'a mineral spring resort,
* where youlcan get the benefit of, medi-
cinal water's,* or- to ' : a farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
. town, from" which you can, in a short
, Walk or drive, commune with nature in
her valleys, foothills and' "mountain
\ canyons, or to a camp along the bank
-'. of some shady strearh, ~v.
Call or write- for
1 Vacation 1901"
5 This is a' little bool^ just issued by the,
Callfornta~'Northweste,rn Railway Com-
pany, andtis profusely.illustrated. It gives
camping locations, hotels, -and mineral
spring resorts..In Marin, ./Sonoma, ! Mendo-
clno and Lake counties. ' Besides," It con-
tains a list of: about 200 farms and homes
where board during, the summer . months
can be- procured at from $5.00 to $1000 per
week. ,yi* ¦ ""•-.-'.¦•'-- - : -'• .' '¦¦' i} • ¦ ' ¦
\ Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office, Mutual Life building, Sansoroe and
Califorp-ia streets,' San Francisco.
;¦-. : -:- ¦¦'.', -¦'. •, R.X.RTAN, . '
i " ;'. General Passenger Agent.;-
- H. C. WHITING, General Manager. ; *.\
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3% Hours' - Ride From Los Angeles, Cai.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing .Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.' . *« v, ..
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine ¦ Bana.
Th6 Society Resort.
HOTEL°METROPOLE and COUNTRT CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis TJournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
. For full information,- hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam:
phlets. apply .to ,. b ; c _ pECK , Aken t;
10 Montgomery st.', San Francisco.
. '¦ . . .Or BANNING CO.; : '
222 South Spring St., -Los Angeles* Cal.". -
n v a fin o - H0T springs, sonoma
VAT Z|/t/*.V Co -*' onlv 4^ hours .from
UA/lvvU San Francisco;- but 9 miles
¦ 'Staging;- waters noted ' for
medicinal virtues: best natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round •
trip from S. F. only $5 50. Take Tiburoo ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms.. ?2 a day or.
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
Blx years Further Information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St.. or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs.Cal. *
HOTEL GENEVA,
AND COTTAGES.
SAUSALITO. Only SO minutes from the city;
most bestutiful location and marine view: an
unexcelled summer and' winter resort: table
and .ervice of ,the best^ q grah>m>
Late /of Hotel Mateo. Manager.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium. if ,
Formerly Asua .Callente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging; 46 miles via C. N. Ry.
or S P.* R- R .-' Immense swimming - tank.
EpleTidid table. Come Sundays, try it. Round
trio. $1 10. Telephone. Rates. - $12 and $14.
COOPER & SHEPDEN.' Agua Callente, . Cal..;.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN . LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowlin*. tennis, "very.' new walks
end boats. - Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN, Laurel Dell, I^ke Co.. Cal. .-'-¦¦
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
2'A hours' ride from S. F.: 6 miles from Val-
leio Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Pancing Pavilion. $8 to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M.MADRID, ValleJo.Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM, —, .
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort: -main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-distance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets, %2 bC>; open the year round..
Send tor-¥ c %* r £ XEST s ns . '^wood. Cal/ '
\Vv- ,tocalowa.; M^
. Bertrarid Hotel; ''first-class accommodations;'
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish-
ing bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc' -JOSEPH' F. BERTRAND, or Bulletin In-
formatlon Bureau,- 233 Kearny St.. B. F. ¦
BL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class' family -resort; climate .'unsur-
passed; most' beautiful epot in Santa Clara
County; great r«Iief for people with asthma ; r
$5' miles from S. F. ; fare , $1 65; free. ' 'bus.
JOHN NEVILL, proprietor. Los Gatos.
DUNCAN SPRINGS^
Two' miles .'from 'Hopland; ¦- best • medicinal
waterB in the State; -fine hotel and first-class
table: -rates- $10. and $13; housekeeping cottages. ,
O. HOWELL. . Hopland. Mendocino Co.. Cal.
X'^' : J O **'**¦ IN IN I « 13 'e RG. ¦¦' '; •
Under entire ~ new -management and owner-
ship. Family : Resort in • the Napa Redwoods.
Exhilarating air;, hunting, fishing, ' swimming
and boating: terms reasonable; send for circu-
lars. THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR., Propri-
etor.* Oakville. Napa County.' , . ...
. 'HOTEL BENVENUE. i ?
' On the shore of Clear Lake: home^ cooking;
$7 per week and upwards. . F.' and j A.v M.
SCALES. -. Lakeport, Lake County. Cal. : . -
THE OAKS.
ON BRANCIFORTE DRIVE— 50 mmutes to
beach; mail dally by carrier; pri vate, board-
Ing. Particlars Mrs. Czarina Smith. Sta.. Cruz.;
HO IFOR THE GEYSERS. , /
''¦'¦via C>C.' Fobs' : Stage Line from -Calistoga.
The Bcenlc route. - ; Livery in; cbnnectlpn. : C. C.
FOSS. Proprietoc, Callstoea-." : Cal. V-^ ¦
- ¦ vtCHYSpninas,:
¦- The' only .place ¦ in ? the -United ¦ States .where
Vichy Water' is abundant; -.- The ; only ¦ natural
Electric- Waters; 'Champagne 'Baths; Springs,
Numeroua;- Baths T/nequaled. ¦ Three miles- from 1
Uklah. • -J. A. REDEMEYERt&CO.,
.: ..... - - '- . • -Proprietors.' .;
PLANTATION HOUSE— Eighteen miles from
Cazadero. on stage line.-- Good trout fishing,
'plenty fruit, cream, rmilk; free conveyance for
parties : of 2 .. or ; more ; grand redwood f scenery.
Address J. Luttringer, Seavlew, Sonoma Co.; or
apply Mr." Kruse, 207 Front St., for particulars.'
CA1PREVERIE,
* "¦ . IN ' THE ' '. 7- ' -
RUSSIAN RIVErV REDWOODS,
"In AH California %
No Place Like This.^'
AnOuting
On a New Plan.
On June 4 3, this year, CAMP REVERIE will
be opened in a redwood grove on'-the Guerne-
vllle branch of the California > Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton' and Guerne-
vllle.^ • ,. , . - -..
Handsome booklets with fulf details have been
left in Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway/ or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room 81, Flood building, Ean
Francisco. Office houi-s 12 to 4 p. m.. Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays. . ;
HOT SPRINGS.
A irrotto,', 1400 f eeft up ' in .the coast rarre,
overlooking .the* broad Salinas 1 Valley;- 'free
from fojr.and winds;, pure dry 'balmy air;
equable temperature; eeven miles stage' from
Soledad; hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunse;- special bathhouses for ladles;
massage treatment; cement 'swimming tank.
30x60; hunting- and fishing-; all popular games;
hotel, cottages and grounds illuminated by gas;
telephone and -P."- O.: 'round-trlb ticket $9., C.
T. ROMIE. prop.; J. O. /VALPEY. manager.
. ...NAPAv.. Napa Gdunfy.
T' HE MOST ' ' BEAUTIFUL ; OF. ALL.
" health resorts. .. ¦ - * ' '. .
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains . dally,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and -i p. m. ;
For further information address ¦
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
CAZADERQIM
miles northwest of San Francisco. Hotels,, cot-
-iages and camp -"grounds - offer accommoda-
tions to suit all. Everything needed by camp-
ers supplied at reasonable prices: -Fine trout
fishing, beautiful " scenery, drives, bathing. An
(deal' resort.' ' Elim Grove • Hotel, under same
management, on -the banks of Austin .Creek,
a mile from Cazadero; .a most .picturesque
spot. For particulars write The Cazadero Co.,
Cazadero, Cal. - City office 749 Market st.
-,¦-¦'• : ¦¦ . ' j ' " •
Fee- the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents, and re-
moves tan. •: sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak.- Indorsed j by the ' medical profession. At
all. druggists. - ;-,. • . ¦" .
YOSEMITE VALLEY^
f BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO-— Running directly through th» - Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove." Round trip from. San" Fran-.
Cisco J32. Round trip from Stockton '$27..
Staging S^4 hours first afternoon and 9 hours'
next day. arriving at Tosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send fpr Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE;
Gen'l Agent. C30-- Market St., ; opposite -¦ Palace
Hotel. S. IC.; tel. Black S3H. »;;*• t -..;
_ . , —^-^ — , .^ . .
Healthiest and best climate," prettiest plac*
in all California; lots amusement: fine walks:
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 and $12 per
waek. Open May. 15. Circulars^ at ' city office,
91S Laikin St., S.F. DBURY & KROEGER.-
. THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
Hfin Tr r»*S Beautiful . Grounds at Holtt's
SLVJLii? U School will be open to summer
fllFNLO ituests during June and July.
' * 1T • • Superior climate, • excellent
PARK. - table; reasonable prices. Ad-
•*»*• . . IRA G..HOITT.
LA UREL' RANCH RESORT
6 miles from station:, beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: f hort distance from . Geysera:
dally mall;. $7 per week. , Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK, Geyserville. Sonoma Co.
I? POINT ARENA HOT, SPRINCS.
Greatly Improved. New cottages^ large -hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new; ?7 per week. Round trip by stmr
Point Arena,'. $7. . Inquire ' at 54 Mission and 14
Pansome fit., or of DR.' W. A. McCORNACK,
Point Arena, Cal. -';• : •-';'" * ¦ '¦ -
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON. IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nics or campers. Further information ad-
dress WM.' H. MENTON, Excursion Pass.
Agent S. P. Co.. 613. Market street. . . - - -
¦¦GOOET FELLOWS! HOME,
AMID ' THE MOUNTAINS OF . MENDO-
cino. ' Visit this • quiet little . resort' -for
. solid comfort; -For particulars - apply to 3.-
STRATTON. .3 Eighth street. . City. . . -'- -•
THE GEYSERS, f^r y °
ONE OF NATURE'S -WONDERS. NATC-
ral steam baths: swimming," fishing, hunt-
ing ' and livery. Write for pamphlet . L
WERTHEIMER. manager. - ..', :
B/IT I AW DAKTH former proprietor . W.
, IT ILL U IT ; M AH fc U Crandell— A summer bom*
In the ' redwoods, 5 miles from ;Santa eruz:
running water, swimming, "croquet, - abucdanc*
of fruit, home cooking: table-speaks for itself.
For particulars. TULEY & ILIT^ 1 . Santa Cru».
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW.. |
Changed hands. Will hereafter be. open the
year round.. Bus meets 9:30 and 11 o'clock trains
from the city at present. The culinary depart-
ment will, receive special attention. For rates
and - particulars -address. HOTEL MOUNT
VIEW, Ross Valley. Marln Co., Cal. . :.
• GLE/VBHOOK. /
? Justthe place to enjoy your vacation. .Various
amusements. Plenty Jarge&smal game. Table
& beds unsurpassed. . Rates only SS & 510. Infor-
mation at Traveler 'office,' 20 Montgomery st,
or address O; W. R. TREDWAT, Proprietor.
Glenbroolf.^ Lake County. Cal. ;..y - ;<.j
VAMP T A VI (\U Cottages,' camping. 'flshiiMr:
VAlllr *¦ 1 A I LUIl 29 , miles from S. F. ; In the
redwoods, j I Call | Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
Btreet, or, address H. G.^ MARTIN,' Proprietor.'
TAGES; l^Y)^h „;
'. Altitude 2000 feet Write for clrculara.- MRS.
J. II. GOETSCHE.Angwin P. O.,:CaL
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
1C0 numberB from 23,543 to 23,643. inclusive,
be-lng 50 number? on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $3O,00ft-$4O.'
100 numbers from 39.628 to 39,728, Inclusive,'
being '50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of JS0OO-J24.
100 numbers from 24,240 .to 24,340, inclusive,
being ,60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing th* capital prize of $4000— $16.
; TERMINAL PRIZEa
999 numbers' ending 'with 93, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30,000— $8. ' ¦ '
999 pumbers ending with 68, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize. of $8000— $8. . .
The subscriber, having supervised the single
number drawing, class "E,"- Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers which were this
day drawn from the 100,000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding -to them.
(Signed) feW. F. CABELL, Commissioner.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortea. Hon-
duras,, C. A., this Saturday, May 11, 1901.
$15,000 'FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAPT-
• ' TAL PRIZE.
State .of Louisiana. Parish of Orleans, City
of 'New Orleans— ss. " . \
Personally came and .. appeared before me-,
Edwafd Rlghtor.a notary public In and for the
pariah' of Orleans,, Martin-Paulson of 185 West
Erie Btreet, Chicago, 111., who, being duly
sworn- deposes and says that he is the lawful
owner of one-half ticket o£ the Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company (Louisiana State Lot-
tery) No. 68,770, which drew the . first prize of
thirty thousand dollars ($30,000) at the drawing
at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, Saturday, April
13, 19$1, and that said ticket was paid on pre-
sentation. (Signed) MARTIN PAULSON
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 24th
day of April. 100L .-
$3750 'FOR 25 CENTS — ONE-EIGHTH OF
! FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
-I am the bona fide owner of one-eighth ticket
No 68 770 of the Honduras National Lottery
Company which drawing was held on April
13 1901 at ' Puerto Cortez. 1 which number won
first prize of $30,000. and I received the money
in ™fu?" (Signed , S. GOLDBERG -
. •- '. • ¦ 5 Birmingham street, N. Y.
Sworn and subscribed to before me this 18th
day 61 April. 1901. WM. H. AUTENRIETH, -
Notary Public, Kings County. Certificate filed
In, New York County..
$3750 ,' FOR 25 CENTS - ONE-EIGHTH OF
\ FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State! of Indiana, Marion County— as.
Franklin Hooker, being duly sworn on his
oath says: That he is a resident of Indlan-
apolfe, Marion County, State of ¦ Indiana, . and
that he Is the bona fide owner of one-eighth
ticket No. 68,770, class "D," which number
drew' the ..first capital prize of $30,000 In- the
drawing of April 13. 1901. in the Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company of Puerto Cortez. Hon-
durS,' C. FRANKLIN HOOKER.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, Mai-quls
L. Johnson, notary public m - and .for said
county and as above stated this 26th day of
Aprif. 1301 MARQUIS L JOHNSON ,
Notary Public. My commission expires May
23. 1902. I
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS — ONE-EIGHTH -OF
.' FIRST CAPITAL i PRIZE. ,
I am the bona fide o\Vner of one-efghth ticket
No. «8,770 of> the Honduras National Lottery
Company, drawing held on April, 13. 1901, at
Puerto Cortez, C. A., which number won ¦ the
first capital prize of $30,000,. and I have received
in fUH ' ; ' CHAS. SCHULTZE/ -
¦ 976 Atlantic avenue, Brooklyn. 1
Sworn and subscribed to before me this 19th
day bf April. 19O1. wm „. AUTENRIET h/ /
Notary Public, Kings County. Certificate- filed
In. New York.' - /. -
Oriklnals. of foregoing affidavits held by
president of Honduras National lottery Com-
pany (Louisiana State Lottery, Company). • -.
The affidavits published monthly of bona fide
winners of capital .prizes are . the best refuta-
tion .of slanderous . articles circulated against
this company.. - . - . :
i Treasurer Defies Auditor.
Treasurer Brooks returned yesterday
after an extended absence in the country
for ,the behetit of his health. .Brooks is
wroth at the announced intention of Audi-
tor -Wells to hold up his (Brooks) salary
demand on the protest of ,\V. H.-Garnett,'
a copyist In the Recorders office- whose
ealary demand the, Treasurer has. refused
to pay until he gets ¦ an . opinion from the
City Attorney as to its' validity. Brooks
claims that Wells fcas-no right toehold up
his demand on a mere protest, tharhe has
been away from his office, and that he has
a right "to be absent from his posti'for
sixty or eighty .days.. Though a thousand
people might protest. against, the payment
of his salary « the- Auditor would not i be
justified in - holding up the bill, -Bays
Brooks.' . ¦/. -- .. -' .
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful plac«
' In all California.. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, 112, $11.
$16 and $18 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO.
816 Montgomery St.. and see photographs ot
hotel and surroundings. Wa tako pleasure In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIO *
WARNER. . .
DR. C. C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL ;8PRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN.
the best camping, plcnlo and pleasure re-
con on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease. . liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In ths world; U
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. P.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
20 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. "C. CDONNELL. office 1021H Market, bet.
6th and 7th, S. F.. If you want your health,
pleasure 'and 'longevity this Is the place to go.'
Nothing so «'good as good ''
health— no place so full of It as -
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
j ' .J. Martens," prop.. Bachelor.
/Lake County. Cal. 1
I City, of flee. 416 Pine it. Booklet. .
\. WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
-Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal., ¦ 28 mile* by>
stage west of Williams; fare J2. Hottest and
-strongest water on the Coast; temperature 143
deg. '. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, ealt rheum,
skin diseases, .neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia; catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new. bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths. -S10 a week.' WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor. ¦ -¦¦¦'
It is never too lata to enjoy good health and
pleasure at the cozy ¦•.:¦-
Saratoga Springs. :
S. MARTENS, Prop.. Bachelor P. O., Lake .
County; City Office. 418 Pine street.
TOLL HOUSE. :
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS ' 7OB A.
f«w guests; mountain scenery; pure air.
$8 per wk. H. B. LAWLEY. Calistoga. Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOKE. -_¦<
In the Santa Crux Mountains. Health; pleas-
ure, fishing, hunting and swimming; good
table; guests at hom«; Sever fall to come back .
again; send for souvenir. VIC PONCELET.'
Llagas.'^ ; ¦.-¦¦¦' ¦ '
BELLBVUE HOTEL. ~.
" p. O. -EL -.VERANO, Cal.,- ,' Verino ' Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Termi.
Jl per day and upward. PEfTER GOUILHAR-
DOU. lessee. - . - . •
LAKE COUNTT.— N«w 19-passenger , Yosemlte
Stage, all "outside seats. Leaves Calistoga
'daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin, Selgler. Adams, Howard, Ander-
. eon, Astorgs and Glenbrook ; buy round-trip -
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Calistoga:
also to Middletown, Lower Lake. Kelseyvllle
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS— (Edson Bros.. .
Proprietors). Finest fishing, hunting and
. health resort on the coast. Climate perfect. ]
! No wind, fog or dust. Situated on Klamath
, River. Rates, J2 and |2 50 per day; $10 to JU
* per week." Address EDSOX BROS., Beswfck, ,
.- Slsklyou County, CaL > '-.-•'¦
OWN a home in beautiful CAMP MEEKER:
' buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, $30
1 up; boatins, bathing,, tenting ground free;
sawmill, depot, store, postofflce at camp;
' board and lodging $S; take Sausalito ferry, M
round-trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or "H. .- •
M..GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
BROOKSIDB— At head of Napa Valley. Free
carriage, hot. and - cold water, gas, baths.
' springs, rooms and board unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. G. W. CCTLER. Calistoga, Cal.
MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL— Accommodations
- for few guests: mountain scenery, pure air:
$7 per week. F. McNULTY. Calistoga, Cal.,
LAGUNA FARM— ltt 'miles from Mt. Olivet
' station: boating, fishing, bathing; $8 per week.
MRS. R. BALLARD. Mt. Olivet. Sonoma Co.
GILROY FASHION STABLES— Also stags Una
to hot springs; first-class turnouts.' MA YOCK
&* HOOPER, proprietors.
• The largest - and- oldest • Champagne
Hpuseinthe -world. •
White Seal (Grande Cuvee") of ex-
ceptional bouquet and dryness.— Court
Journal. -»:*V
WILLIAM WOLF? & CO., Faoils (Tout Ageats.-
329 Markat ?t . S»n rr*a«i«ei>.
•«- - ' i ' ;" i ¦ '.-¦-";'
IMP CALL
W It Publish^j the Cream 'of - thi
3 , ' ; Newa or the Week and ?
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE v^AND
cJ ORIGINALvFEATURES.
9\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
cJ: ¦ .: PAPER ON TMft
~J PACIFIC COAST
2 s t-^\; y/ Mining V
Pj T^egraphic • NV- Nev^.That
O\ iervice oaj^ Jy/\y Is Kccaratb
ol .The'CoastT^/'/ \^&uptodatv
ex Not a Line of it Sensational
©\ >^-or Faky, and Not a Line of
« P r y ?* Uninteresting.
©< ?! Bright, Clean,' A Cham pi oJ mt
-J. . Though tful. Truth.
3 - A CAUFORNU NEWSPAPE1
3'; AUTHETIML ; ,
•3' IT ADVOCATES 1 SDfT BY
HOME MAIL, $t
O^ WOISTRHS I A YEA?
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
312 $16 548.... $24 E85.. ...... ?16
611 21 678 80 693.......; ; 21
"817 400 838 24 855 ; 16
930 24 1079 16 1178 , 4$
1584 21 1613 40 1710 .." . 16
1721.. 16 1761. 40 1764 ¦"•24:
2042 24 2107 40 2141........ '.40:
2270 400 2300 ....80 2330.......'. 16
2341 16 2498 16 2890..:..... 24
2768 24 2769........ 16 2887 24'
29S6 ' 16 3032 2t 3086 16
3127 16 3151 16 3194 16
S!38 ; . 16 3435 ;. • 24 3540........ 40
3934 '16 4013 16 4070........ 40
4135 80 4327 .... 16 4439........ 40
4605 21 4612 16 4625 .-16
4834 16 5220 16 5330 80
5332 16 5419 16 5507 ¦ 40
5801.. 16 5802 40 5838 40
5885. 80 -'6001.. .'..... 24 6002... 16
6106 80 6115.". "80 6142........ 24
6237 16 6326 16 663S........J 40
6556 16 6630.. 16 6655.:...... 24
6765 40 6950.. 16 6958........ 24
7031. ....... 16 7209 16 7460..: .- ; 24
7503 16 7546 16 7703........ -16
7707 80 7730 16 7869 24
7886 120 7922 16 8102 10
.8109 80 8132 40 S164..',...?.'r L 15
S204.. 1 . 40 8238 .... 24 8245....:... lfi-
8299 40 8334 ., 16 841ft. i 24
8550 40 8575.. .. 16 8652." .. 16
8769 16 8775........ .16 8972.. C 24
9145 16 9350 16 9337 ; 16
.9393. ,40 9139.. .16 9448.....,..: 24
9459 80 9503 80 9826 - SO
9874 SO 9902... '24 9904.. , v 16
10074 16 1C292.. ...... .16 10295......:. . 16
10335 * 16 10426,/:...;.' 16 10463........ 16
10516 40 10598......;. 16 10722. 24
10745......... .40 10787 ;..- 24 10908 16
10975 40 11319 1« 11325:-. 80
11335 16 11393. ;.....- '16 11615 16
11856 16 11867...;...". , 16 12013. • 16
122S3. ........ 80 12287 40 12372 16
12562.... 40 12639 ,. 16 12S13.. 16
12877. 16 12S93 80 12961........ 16
13016T -.. 16 13203.. 16 13361 ....16
13483 24 134S7 .16 13603 40"'
16623 40 13825 24 13917.. -24
13929 16 13330........ 24 13951........ 40
14112 40 14145 .80 14264 16
14434.: 1614478 40 144S5 16
14536 80 14640........ 16 14741 16*
14319 16 14934........ 16 14396 10
15162 24 15200 40 15240 " X6 i
15323 24 15425..; 40 15465 21
165S1 80 15648 24 15682 16
15905... 24 16058 80 16069........ 24 '¦
16129 24 16137 16 16235.....-., 16''
16316 16 16529 40 16601........ IS '
16735... 24 16503:. ' 24 17030........ 24 i
17122 16 17194 24 172S2 24!
17307 1617360.. '..• 24 17371........ 40 I
17596 16 17733 16 17833 1«
1S010 16 1S077 120 18117.. 24
1S161 24 1S2U........ 24 1S396 16
1S825 40 18839.. 16 1S876 24
18901 40 18935,.. 24 1S955 40
18995 16 19092......... 16 19269 40
192S1 24 19376 24 19613 :. 16
19677 40 19714..... V... 40 19773 24
19784 24 19926 40 20074 16
20164 .16 20234........ 24 20315 16 1
20402 16 20581...'..... 24 20613 80 i
20C24 .... .24 20926.. .16 20976 40 !
29SS6 16 21059 40 21134 16 I
21220 80 212S0 .24 21363 16
213S4 SO 21435. .«,... 80 21525 80
21545 24 21579 24 21756 16
21776 16 21784 40 22079.. lu ;
22138 16 22139 1000 22266 ' "24 1
22368. 16 22610 24 22653 24]
22818 40 23132 24 23458 16
23533 30000 23713 120 23778.. 16
23919 16 24126 24 24277.. »....'. 24
24290 400024524 ' 24 24615 16'
24622.. ...... 16 24765 40 24784 40 1
24907 .... 24 24997........ 24 24999 '.. 40 i
25127 24125171........ 2125183.....;.. 24
25208 24125294..". 16 25501... .16
25874 16(26383........ 40 25902....'.... 16 I
25977 40|26206 24 26246 16
26300 16 25445 16 26471 24
26605 80 26*29 (.. 16 26718...'..... 16 1
26724 2426322 16 27008 24
27C69 16 27157 • 16 27 168 ltt
27216 16 27273 t 40 27521 24
27636 £0 27702 40 27723. .'...... 40
27795 1G27S65.... 80127916 SO
27930 16 27947 16127988 24
28017 40 28077 40 2S247 40
2S291 40 2S359. .'...... 24 2E379 16
28422 40 28482 16 28711 40!
2S748 ...- /16 2SS22 24 289S7 211
23023 16 29087 ! 16 29256. ..'..;.. 40 |
29347........ 24129371 16 29443 . 24
,25500...:.... 16 2S566 16 29723 .15!
: 25S56 120 30014: 2000 30106........' £0
20220..: 24 30323:. 24 30341"..'....:.' 15;
30171 40 30493.. SO S0500|.'. 24
30633 80 30608: 16 30693 24'
30807, 24 30S10.. ...... 16 30813....:...- 16
30975 40 311C9 24 31211:....... 16
31304. K 24 8133.')........ 16 31348........ 16
31490 16 31506 24 31628 16
31876 24 31890 24 31930. 24
319G3 16 32017 40 32103 40
32143 24 32180 16 32292 24
32433 16 32554........ 80 32674 16
32689 40 22783 16 S2834..: 40
32S48 24 32S40 40 33022 16
33064 40 33111 40 33115 40
33123 24 33179 16 33261 16
33264 .... 16 33320 40 33416 24
33444 16 33450 IS 33iO3 40
33523 80 33590........ 80 33625 :.. 40
33655 24I336S7 16 33766 16
83770 40133805 24 34312 40
S4323 24 34376 24 34433 40
34458 24134508 24 34604 16
34663 24 34633 24 34697........ 16
34707 80 34854 16 34971 40
35013 16 35039 16 8505S 24
35132 16 35151 40 35270 80
35292. 24 35327 16 35381 16
35457 80 35492 / 16 35699 '40
35765 16 35770 16 3616S -16
36333 16 36353 40 36362 16
36364 16 36354 16 36732 24
36897 16 369S0 40 37096 24
37244 40 37300 16 37630 40
37649 t 16 37766 16 37859 40
37947 80 37933.:...... 16 38115.. 80
3S211 • 1638388 16 38572 16
38692 16 38796 24 38878 80
3SS81 16 38895 16 3S929 16
38933 16 39124 40 33151 16
39239.......". 16 S9269 16 E9397 ,... 16
39426 40 39580 40 39678..:.-.... 8000
39742.....'... 400 39E44 40 39887.^ . 16
39938....:... 80 40133 40 40177........ 40
40394 24 40545 -.... 16 40550 24
40716 -. 40*0722... 16140790 24
40846 ' 16 4100S ' 16141277 40
41331 16 41347 2141365 24
41390 16 41531 " 24 41554 16
41618 16 41743 24 417C6 "40
41988 40 42041 120 42199 16
42244 4042272 :.• 16 42369 40
42463 16 42475.. 400 42575 24
42807 40 42828 16 42851 16
42S20 16 42966 40 42984 24
•42995 ' 16 43052 40 43276 24
43490 10 43701 40 43711 24
43844. 40 43873 24 43981 24
43984. -24 J4O70 40 441S4.. 80
444S3 80 44G33 16 44C95 24
447E2 16 44S63 16 M960 16
44984. 8045031 24 45072 16
4507S 40 45269 24 45337 16
4537S 24 45413.. 16 45528 80
45T.78 ¦ 16 45599 SO 45G16 40
45SS0 16 45770 120 45817 24
43S38 16 46005 24 46052 40
46112 ..- 164C162 .*. 16 16235 40
46389 8046400 .24 46406 16
46433 2146497 40 466S2. '21
46823 24 468S9 2147061. 24
4718S '. 16 47208... 2147210 24
47373 24|47453........ 24 47468 16
47588 16147607.... 16 47739 24
47S55.. 24 18054 24 48137.. 16
48184 :, 4048213 24 48343.:...... 80
48401..: 24 48418 80 4S443 40
48445.-. 24148519 '40 4S623 36
48605 .... . 80148654........ 16 48702 40
48755 t 16|49045 .16149241 • 16
49293 '.. 16149304....:... ¦ 80 49478........ ' 1C
4965W 24149333 16 49972 \U
50007 16IS0018... 40 50104... 40
C0157 16J50167. 24 50246 Ai
50304 80150332 16 50517 16
DC650 ' 40150716 : 16 50771 .40
E0958. ....... 245K62 1651092 SO
EUSO 24 5123S ' 80 51446 16
51375 24 51625 80 51644 n 4
51818 .40 51945 ]C 52009 16
E2096 ....' ' 1C152205...'. 1G 52208 \ 16
C2219... .- 24152270 80 R2458 16
B2675 40 52702 16 52752 .40
E2S11 2452S13. 16|o28S7 40
E2838... 16152978 16I529S3. 1G
52999 24153106 16 53134 21
6323S. 24 1 53420......... 16 53456.. 24
5ZK1 ;. 16 53173........ 40 53o29 21
B3665..- 24153780 16 53871 24
E3807 ."..' 40154139. ....... 16 54170.. 16
54258 .24154308 16*4607 24
64623 24154687 :. 16 54718 .16
CJ747. 16154754 24 54830 24
64918... 16155093 120 55139 - ic
55228 .... 16155306........ 24 55363 ]fi
EG389 16153430 24 33431 40
65452 16155525 '. 16 55528. :...... '24
5«5fi2 16I55G70 24 55740 M
E57T7 ..•..' 24I657R8..'.- - 40 55S01 16
E5S55. ....... 16155869... ¦16 55931.,"...... 16
E&843 16 • ¦ - ' ¦¦¦ - . ,
B6O46.. ...... 24IDG270 16 56406....:.-../. go
B6664 .... .16 56663........ 16 56880 '-40
K8S27./ .*. 24 57013... 24 57204 ifi
67213.... • 16 573G9.. ...... 24 57384 1R
E7483.. ...... 40 57572 16 57634 16
E7665.. ....... -80157741.. ...... 2467744......;. 40
E7844... '24I57S50.. ..:-... 40 58196 ¦ 2t
ES226.. ..'.'... 16i58317.. .;.'... 80 58430....;... if;
68481.., 16 B8529 16)55535 go
5S610.. 16 CS6S4 16I5S694. ..:.... 24
68734 ..' 16 58740........ 24 SS7S5 n
E8830 16 58897...:.... 40159000........ 2-t
B9087. ..:.... 80159108 40|39114... 4rt
69S16 40!59£O2........\.,24 59533 , 24
D9S78. ....... 16I5D630 16 59728......... 24
69767 -,' 18)50814 24 5B86S. ; ;24
60002........ ' 24160065 ' 1(! 60093........ ,16
60101... '24160102........ 16 60245.,;..... 16
60279.......: 1000160366 16160428..-.. .... 40
60607. ' 16I60819....;...-.. 24 60S3O.V lfi
60S90.. ....... -120IG0928 • 40160951 40
61063......... 16161005....:... 40161143 V... - 16
61178... 16161336.. ....... 16161416........' -80
61528 40161684..:..... 40 61623..'.:.... 40
61674... ' 40 61706 40 61801 24
NUMBERS
* OF THE—— * * - '"
Honduras National Lottery Co.
- (LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]"
Single Number, Class "E," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., Sat-
urday, May II, 1901.
No. ' Prize. iNo. : "" Prize. No. •.¦..- Prize.
61S4S '.. 24 61SG7.. ...... 16 61984...";.... . 16
62006 ".. 24 62022 16 62108. 16
62156........ 16 62175........ 40 62391 :. 16
62543........ 16 62697......... 24 62747 24
C2S32..'. 40 63312. 16 63314 x 16
6338S *¦.. 24 63399 16 63417........ ' 16
63455 1663540 ,24 63771 .18
64024 .'..'24 64071 .16 64129........ 16
64154........ 16 64309........ 16 64360........ 24
64411........ '.-16 64520 ,24 64728........' -.16
64737.....J.. 24 64777 24 64S24. ..'..... >24
64S67.. ...... i 24 64929 40 64936 ', 24
64952...:.... 16 64967 120 651S2 16
65273........ S0G5516 16 65635 16
65652 i.. 16 6E666... 120 65693. 24
65972..;..... ¦ 40 66029..: 16 660S1 24
66321.....:.. .16 66459 16 66720 120
66764 16 G6796 24 66809 16
66S62. ........ 1667144.... 40 67237 ,120
67255 16 67386 16 67423 40
67427........ 24 67473........ 24 67610. 16
67665 ' " 16 67S27 80 67S76* 16
67»79 406S2S6 24 68237 .... 24
. 6S339 .'.. 16 6S378 40 6S687 16
68788...;.... 16 6S789 16 6SS27. ....... 24
6SS29 80 68838 • IS 68840.. '....'..,; 16
6S872 16 68995......,- 16 69080 .V 24
69169 24 69193 16 69315 16
69382........ 16 69402 16 69413........ 16
69739........ 16 69835 16 69923: BO
7C050... 80 70163 40 70266....:... 24
70284 40 7C294.....V.. ,24 70303. ....... 16
704SS 120 70514... '..*.. 24 70G92..- ; 16
.70962 ;.. 24 71040 \. 40 71046 -,:19
71099 16 71164 4" 24m91 ••-.. 16
71255 16 71399. \. 24 71420 ... 16
71445......:. -16 71503 40 71527 ; 80
71566..;..... -40 71569 .: 24 71617, —16
71736'........ S071S08., 24 71954........ 16
72085.-..:..' 40 72329 40 723S5 16
72459... 16 72747........ 24 727»4 40
72970..:..,.. 16 78197 24 73224.; .80
73242...:.... 16 73290 -16 73314 16
73468........ 16 73510 ¦120 73527........ 16
73546........ 24 735S7... .....-, 80173669..: -.16
7g772 :..- 40 73816........ 120174210.. 80
74284 8074312 , Ifi 74353........; 120
74361:. .•.„..'¦ 40 74408. ....... "24 74549......... 24
74581..'...... > 16 74621........ - ; 40 74723. ...J... 24
74782........ -" 16 74813 .16 74815 24
74873. 12074876 ;.. ; 16 7o022. ....... 24
75$29..... :.. S4 75137. ....... 40 7ol96. 24
75200 24 754W.. 16 75o03 80,
'75777........ 24 75809.::..... 16 76034 24
: 76060......... 76278 :. . .16 76298.. 16
.76375;....... 16 76470....... V 24 76483... 16
76545..^..... 40 76600 24 7663a .40
76655..^.;.- 24 76753......... -80 77166... 24
77418 ". 4077438 — '-"77570 40
77617........ 24 77822...,....., 80 77877 16
77958...-.:... 24 78166 ... 16 7832o 24
78604........-'. 16 78626 .-24 78652........ 16
78658" " ; 16 7S704 80 79104........ - 16
79118........ 80 79224 ;. 24 79297..' - 16
79359 !.'!!:' 80 79391. : 40 79417.....:.. 80
79491 40 79623 24 79718 24
79740..; "24 79816.. -24 79819. 120
-.73844....:.,; -.- 16 79878 24 799oS. ..;.... 16
S0OS7:. .:..-.. 1680169 .40 80175.....;.. 24
80208....!.-.. 16 S0268 '16 80319........ 24
80341.. .X... 2480544 . 24 80611........ 40
80689..-.. i 1 ...'- • 4080S23 . 16 80962 . 40
80387........ • 16 81023 16 81135... 40
81155 <. 24 81172 80 81179 40
81270 16 81297......... 24 81306.. ........ 40
81414 { 16 81579 24 81713... ,'16
81883....-:... 2481907 16 81976 120
182031....'.... 16S2284 16 82528 ..,".. .i ., 80
82539...*.... ; 24S2635 80 8269o... ...... .16
82739...;.... 16 82793 •'• ¦ 16 S2882.. ....... 16.
S28S5 ...... 16 82978........ 80 83031 ......40
83078 i 24 83200 24 83318 :.. 24
83346........ , 1683387 24 83627;: ,...:.* -40
83800...:.... 120 83823 *?£5S" " iS
83343 .80 84115 " ?} 5J?J2 "
R4Trt - ¦ 16 84432........' 16 84448 .40
.84719 .: 16 84896 16 84965.. ' 24
85102...J.... 24 85107 40 852aO , 1«
85271...;.... 24 85325 80 8o346.. ........ 24
esoon ' 24 85416 16 85t>»7 16
S:::c::: HI»m :: lewas .,.«
85702 ' 80 85824........ 16 85886 16
85917." ' . 16SBC27 80 86145 . 400
gMgi" •"¦" i6SC315 120S6450 16
s6452:::m::: ie sc4$6 \4omsm......... u
I 8G668. .:.... 16 866S9 "ISSS'" l*i
869S6 2487067 ..16 87142 '24
e 71 c 4 24 87218 16 87768 16
I™:::::::: . irS....... 40 87996 40
8S362........ 24S8416 40 88489 40
8S542........ S0SSS47.., .16 88994........ 40
89056 v 10 S9142 40 8915S 24
I 89177""'::: -83 89278 16 89423 J8
IS8449 16K9475 40 90129 ........ 16
I 90181. .A.... 1690445 16 90498, 18
90S61... .J.... 1090706 «}???S2'A ?«
91105 •";'.. 24 91115........' 16 912Co - 1«
91414'" 4091131 1691495 1«
! 91617 1691679 16 91695.:. 24
J91732 2491874 120 91876 ' 10
I91959 10 92052 16 92174 40
922oa:::::::: 92425........ 4092533 24
92570 • 4CI92R87 24 92800..... 16
93083:::::: • so 93226 .. 2493278 u
93441- 16 93520......./ 16 93S35 21
93934 - 16 939J2.. 10 94252 80
I 94320 40I94M8 40 §4420 24
94442 1CI94CM 16 94610 16
91640... .... 16 94708 16 94730 1Q
94924 •:.:::• 2493341........ 2495176 , so
95250......... 120J95275... ...... 16 95431 '24
9.-.568..»i.... . 16 95767........ 1619603a 24
90106....... 4019615V 40196178 16
9G254 24I962S5 16 96650 16
90733 .... 16196798 16 97043 80
•97125.., 15197188 16 97277 16
97286.. 40197359 16 97417 120
97534.. ¦ 16 97841......... 16 978S4.. 16
9S075 '24 9S2S9.. 24 9S475 16
9S567.. I.....' 2498728 40 8S814 2-J
S9005 ...-¦» 24 I9903S.;. ,40133133 ..- ltf
• 99206........ ' 4W9324S.. ..:... 16199341.- .:S0
99425.., 80 994J2.V..'.... 16199612.... SO
996S9..J. ..-..¦• 2499787...: 80|39S39 24HOTEL AK.TtIV.--LS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W J Wiley. Palo Alto
R G Morrison, Minn
G C Batchelder. N Y
Miss A Remington. R I
Mr Bryant, DC
Mr Koonce. I> C
Mrs A Retty. N Y
H C Marmon & w, Ind
Dr M A Digman, D C
G L Proctor, Rio Vista
R P Blalrden, Ls Ang
Mrs M B Hobbs. Ls An
Mrs Z W Clarke. N Y
Miss E Clarke. N Y
Miss M Clarke. X Y
Miss M Fuller, N Y
D H Steinmetz. Cal
W H Casey, Los Ang
Mr & Mrs Tryss.Paris
Miss Tryss, Paris
W M Well, New York.
B F Barnes, D C
T E Stone, D C
S Hebel, Chicago
R S Baker, N Y
W R Rust, Tacoma
J W "Winston. Ls Ang
S V Kilgore, Chicago
G Lavell & w. Spokane
E E Angels. Cal
M H Scribner. Cal
Mrs T Mollnelle, Wash
C Dunphy. Milbrae
E A Davis. PlacervMe
D A Duncan. NY
N Bentz. & w. Cal
H Epplnger & w. Cal
W L. Dart. Rock Island
E H Stafford. Rock Isd
T M Fleming, Cal
S Parker & w, Honolnl
J Parker. Honolulu
Mrs J Kohokolu, Honlu
Miss Daly, Honolulu
D T Davis, Tacoma
G R Davis, Tucson
A B Schoemaker. . Cal
X O Murphy & w. Arla
H W Lombard. Cal
C Henderson & w. Nev
W Lacy. Los Ang
F M Smith. Los Ang
d Alexander & d. N T
S F'Fechter, U S N
Mrs E B Braden & d.
Spokane
W M McBird, Denver
J H Gourlle & w, N T
Dr J Hageman & w.NY
Mrs F Brewster. Ill
H Thorp & w. Sacto
J Underwftod. Chicago
W H Romaine.' N Y.
H W Reed & w. Denvr
G W Powell. Ind
J R Carnaham. Ind
A E Fowler, Boston'
C B Irish. Illinois
L Burrows, Illinois
H Meyer. Omaha
A. Spltzel. N Y
W G Loomts. Chicago
H B Cooke. Bakersfield
A Weber. Chicago
J S Hovland. Chicago
C E Otis. Redlanda
W Douglass. Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
E Painter & w, Alamd
J F Parkinson .Cal
Capt ' Bradman. TJSMC
Fi E Smith, Oakland
G Schwlnn, Huron
J Fulmer." Cal '-
W L Phllp. Los Ang
H R Lozett. Los Ang
L A Blaslngame & w.
Fresno
J A Mink, Los Ang
C C Bush Jr. Redding
D Cameron. Folsonr .
R E Cranston. Foisom
E R Jeffery & w. L An
M E Averlll. Los Ang
Mrs ML Cunningham,
Butte
Mrs M Troutman. Mo
A F Henry Jr. Colorad
FA Clegg & w. L Ang
Mrs O Wade, St Helen
WJ Klngswell & w,
Los Angeles
W Bell. w.& son. Cal
Mrs C A Palm. Sacto
D E Sorg. Pittsburg "
Miss C Sorg. Pittsburg
C F Transatt. S Barb
L S B Husser. CaS
_, D Evans, Camilen
E I Galvtn. Sacto
J S Gattenaun. Sacto
W Doris; Cal
R L James.'. Pac Grove
B F Leeds, Cal
J • T. Brown. , Rio Vista .
R ¦ J Anderson, - Cal
W B Mickler, Cal ¦
A L Johnson. S > Jose
Mrs C A Miner. S Jose
W Pike. Fresno
L A Spltzer & w, Cal
J J Luchman. Vallejo
Miss L M Luchman.
Vallejo
Miss M Luchman, Cal
Miss R Flnnell. Vallejo
F R Devlin, Vallejo
G H Hoppln & w, Yolo
A Anderson. Sulsun
G A Daugherty, Cal
H ' M Dermody, Cal
Er G A Bremner Cal
C Meiggleton. Wia
T Clark. Placerville
C A Foster, Mass
t JTraton. Tenn
J F Condon. Verdi
9. d lme «" & w. Sact
C M Foote. Cal
H B Hedges Cal
D S Fish. Hanford
F N Hoy t. Hanford
E D Edwards, Cal
C W Edwards, Cal '
E H Miles. . Exeter
N O Huleberg. Cal
J L Karlan & w. Cal
P F Brown & w, Bostn
O Wade. St Helena
J W de Witt & w. CaX
G , Turner & -r,' Cal
A G Hall. Los Ang
M F McLaurln, .L Ang
S D Bolton.Cat
J McCudden. ValleJo
C W Kyle. Cal
F P.hilllps ifc w. Chgo
I ' M Jaeger. Chicago
G E Grier. Marysvillc
A E Evans, Orland
R V Evans. Orland
H C Veatch. Orovllle
AJ'Bowen, N T
S E Arnold. Chicago
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid
77.210 Atchison " 70%
[IUN Atchieor. prefd .-. 947/.
1.200 Baltimore & Ohio 90
$.100 Baltimore _= Ohio 9gt
7/«K) Canadian Pacific ."lO3
«;00 Canada Southern 65*;
K100 ChtBxpeafc* & Ohio ..,". 471^.
IS. 100 Chicago, Euriington & Quincy 194T4
7.<X4) Chicago. Ind A Louisville:: 29
o0>J Chicago. Ind & Louirville prefd ,1 67
x«i Chicago & Eastern Illinois..... 118
3.100 Chicago & North western... 195
9.400 Chicatro. Rock Island & Pacific. ..148
1.9f)0 Chicago Terminal & Trans 2iy
3 900 Chicago Terminal & Trans- prefd... 42K
3.100 ' Chicago Great Western...; is«£
Chicago Great Western prefd A 76%
300 Chicago Great Western prefd B 45
2,400 C C C'& St Louis .. 77
i.«C0 Colorado Southern 1»94
- 2.200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd. ..:..... 45
1,400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 20%
S.300 Delaware & Hudson 154
1.600 Delaware. Lack & Western. 203
LiOO Denver & Rio Grande — ....¦......:. 41«4
700 Denver & Rio Grande prefd..... : 90%
B6.700 Erie ..-.-- 33%
Sf>0 Erie 1st prefd. 65
L20& Erie Id prefd....:.....: : 49
Lite Great Northern prefd 171
NEW YORK. May 15.— The stock market
showed symptoms of relief late to-day and re-,
covered vigorously from its early acute de
pression, rising strongly over last night's level
and establishing substantial # net gains in the
majority of stocks. At one time during the
day prices had declined in a fairly sensational
n-.anner. the losses from last night's level ex
tending from three to ten points in a large
number of important stocks. Northwestern had
lost 9'j: General Electric. 9%: Cleveland. Cin
cinnati. Chicago and St. Louis. 7%; Lake Erie
and "Western. 7: Union Pacinc and Missouri
Pacific 6%; Consolidated Gas. 5; Delaware and
Hudson, b 1 ,: New York. Chicago and St. Louis
second preferred and American Tobacco, 5;
Amalgamated Copper, 5%: Denver and Rio
Gner.de. 4'4: Louisville. Manhattan and Peo
ple's Gas. 3\i. and many other of the Etandard
lailroad stocks as much as three points. The
level of net gains at the highest is the more
remarkable considering the acute weakness
earlier in the day. They reached In Rock
Island 7 points; St. Paul. 5%; Atchlson. 4Vi;
Burlington. 4% : Baltimore and Ohio. 3%. while '
the ntt gains as a rule were all the way from
a fraction up to 3 points. These gains were
only elightly yielded at the last which was firm
and active at about the top. This strong recov
ery seems puzzling in the face of the extreme
sensitiveness of the early market. The prog
ress of the liquidation which caused the early
weakness was in itself an immense relief to the
situation. It gave growing assurance of the
polvency of Stock Exchange houses who were
?-merging from any dangers that may have
beset them by the rapid conversion- of their
resources Into cash assets. It was the fear
that this could not be safely done which over
hung the market yesterday. The more of it
that wae accomplished the less remained to do.
The fact began to grow clearer also that spec
ulative accounts in the stock market in safety
were all that had been affected by last week's
slump. There remained some holders with bor
rowed funds whose loans were not sufficient to
protect their holdings by additional security
or to take them up outright. The selling out
of this class was stilt in evidence this morning
ana no effective support was in the market to
help them. The opening gains in sympathy with
the higher prices in London were quickly wiped
out by this sudden liquidation. The selling
came at spasmodic intervals and for the greater
part of the day no effective buying was evident.
On the successive down grades there were some
buying orders met, but they did not follow the
market upward until the last rally set in. When
it became evident that the urgent liquidation
had epent its force and that there was a large
reserve force behind the rally, the buying
orders grew in volume and In fact were largest
at about the top level. The announcement of
pold exports to the extent of $2,200,000 and the
weekly crop bulletin of the Government
¦Weather Bureau reporting the drought of the
orrps retarded by the unseasonable weather
fceiped the early depression. • So did the rather
alarmist reports as to the outcome/ of payday
to-day in the London Stock Exchange settle
ment. There was a call to-day for the pay
ment of 10 per cent of the J50.O00.000 underwrit
ing subscriptlcn for the Burlington purchase,
and next Monday there falls due a 25 per cent
installment on the Union Pacific bond subscrip
tion, which will necessitate provision for about
Sin.coo.ooo. But these developments were prin
cipally sentimental, as the money market shows
growing ease with the progress of ' the stock
market liquidation.
The prospectus of the Russian loan issued In
Paris to-day and providing for subscription by
installment* slves some assurance arainst a
money market pressure on that account. There
was a perceptible growth of confidence also
that the hostilities precipitated in the struggle
ic.r control of Northern Pacific would be In
toiii* manner adjusted. With the relaxation of
the liquidation lt was comparatively easy for
friends of stocks to bid up their prices again
without encountering Important selling, and'the
late recovery was largely due In Its early stage
to pure manipulation of this kind.
The bond market did not fully recover from
ftp early weakness. Business was moderately
actiie. Total sales. $4,900,000.
United States Ss advanced % per cent on the
last call. • ;
Ne& York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
ONIONS— Cut . Onions, - 50c@$l 25.- per' sack;
Australians. Jobbing, at $4@4 50: Green Onions,
25<S)40c per box ; ' New ¦ Red, . 75@90c per sack. -.-«_-,
¦VEGETABLES— Rhubarb,- 40c@$l ; : per -box;
Asparagus,.' $1,25@1 50 for large, ¦ 75c@$l 25 per
box for No. 1 and 25@50c for No. 2; Green Peas.
75c@$l per sack; Garden Peas.- 2c; String Beans,
3@4c for Los ; Angeles • and i 3@5c ', for, 1 Vacaville ;
Horse Beans,' 50iH!60c' ; per -sack; ' Cabbage/. 90c
per-* ctl;' Tomatoes, ; Mexican.' $1 23(31 50.- per.
crate;. from Los Angeles ;,75c@$l 25; Dried:Pep
pers/ -12<glSc; Dry-Okra,'rl5c, per.: Ib;" Carrots,"
23@05c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, -40@75c
Potatoes .continue firm, and stocks of choice
are small. Onions ; continue to decline. ".-.-
The Vegetable : market continues - well sup
plied.and weak as . a • rule.'- .-• ' 1
- Receipts were , 1011 ¦ boxes Asparagus. .110 boxe3
Rhubarb, : 880 sacks Bay ; Peas and , 263 sacks
String:. Beans." -. . ¦ • ' . ¦¦•' ''-' ' ¦ ,' '.
POTATOES-^Early Rose, 85c©$l; -Burbanks.
75c@$l 10 for River and$l 20@l 50 for Oregon;
Garnet' Chiles,'. $1 2n@l 50r Sweets. 1 60@75c- for
Merced ; New Potatoes, l«4@2c per, lb. ..
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
• A niuch steadier feeling in Hay is reported,
owing to, light receipts, but prices, remain un
changed. , Feedstuff s are also as before.
BRAN— $16 50@17 per ton. ' / ', ." .
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton. -
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17<§1S ' per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$26 60; Cocoanut .Cake, $17@18; . Corn Meal,
$27 60iff2S; Cracked Corn, $2S 50@29;. Mixed Feed,
$15@10. ¦ . ¦. ¦ .'¦ • . ¦-' ¦ ". •- ¦ ' ¦..¦•-..
HAY— Volunteer, $5® 8: 'Wheat, $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9f?12; Oat, $3@11 50: Clover,' nominal;
Alfalfa, $«@9 50; Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton. •
t STRAW— 35@47%c : per . bale. • . v : '
, \ Beans and Seeds. i '.-..' .
j Pink- Beans are weakening again, as sbnie
heavy holders 'are letting go and making,'con
cessions to sell. One- lot sold down " to ¦ $1 30,
but-lt was dirty and - Inferior: Bayos continue
steady and , in fair demand. The: other ¦ de
scriptions remain unchanged. ¦•*' ,¦ • / ..
BEANS— Bayos $2 A'M2 60; Small White. Si 90
@5; Large . White, . $4@4 20; Pink, » $1 50@l 75;
Ked. *3@3 25; Blackeye. $3 10®3 25; Llmas, $6 25
@6 35;iPea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown "• Mustard, nominal ; . Yellow
Mustard.- nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary, 3%0
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; ¦ Rape, 2®
2%c: Hemp. 3%c; Timothy, 6%c. .' •
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50; Green, . $2 70@
3. per ctl;' Blackeye, . nominal. - . .-: . .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 B0, usual terms; BaKers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family - and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
MILLSTUFFS— Prices . In sacks are as ¦ fol
lows, usual discount to the ' trade: .Graham
Flour, $3 per, 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; - Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3;
extra cream do. $3 75; Oat Groats," $4 75; Hom
iny, $3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35
@7 85; in sacks, $6@7 50;. Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES..
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 70%c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 70%c.
OATS— There is nothing new to report.
White, $1 37%@1 65; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 S5@l 45; Black, $1 17%@1 30 per ctl. - <
CORN— Small round Yellow, $1 60@l 60; East
ern Yellow, $1 27%@1 80; White, $1 35; mixed,
$1 2501 27%. . >i
RYE-80@82%o per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per Ctl, ex
warehouse. . .
CALL BOARD SALES. '
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December-^-40. 000 ctls, $1 03%;
2O0O, $1 03%. May— 4000, 98c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 26,000 r ctls,
$1 03%
BARLEY— Neglected and featureless at pre
vious prices. . \___
Feed, 75@77%c for No. 1 and • 70@72%c for
off grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80®
85c; Chevalier, .nominal. ¦
The leading, and in fact, only factor In the
Chicago market at the moment Is the weather
In the Southwest, where It has lately been
so dry as to menace the crop. During the past
day or -two, hdwever,' there "have -been -light,
scattering rains there/ and Kansas • City yes
terday reported a good \ fall of two Inches.
There were, fair showers in Oklahoma, .but
the weather map does not Indicate general
relief, and as the- wheat Is already heading
out not half a crop is expected. The rain
caused "the crowd ; to " sell, however, and the
market opened weak and • nervous, j Later on
the scalpers bought back their early sales and
the shorts covered, and this gave the market
a stronger tone. The strength In coarse grains
also Increased . the firmness, and the market
advanced. Sixty loads for export were report
ed from New York.
In this market futures were unchanged, but
spot prices were lower.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9S%c@$l; 'milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl.
WHEAT— Liverpool was heavy and 'de
pressed. - ' ¦
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sixty-day bills are lower. Silver Is higher.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days -.. '—'.:, $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S9
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight....... — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... 49% @ 60
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO, May 15.— Weather conditions con
stituted the dominant factor In the wheat
market, aided by steady cables. Under a rush
of yesterday's short sellers to cover their lines
on the failure of promised heavy rains in . the
southwest, July wheat opened a shade to %@
Me higher at 71%@71Uc.- Offerings were un
equal to the demand and helped by advices
of free buying for export, the market steadil^
rose to 71%c.' At this point there was a modr
erate movement in profit-taking and a reaction
to 71V4@71%c followed. There was a quick re
coveryr'however, and. the close was strong",
%c higher at 71%@71%c. I v ' •
Strength and activity characterized the corh
market. July opened %@%c higher at 44%@
44%c, and immediately the price broke to 44S&
@44%c. Almost as quickly it reacted, selling
to 45%c, after which, on profit-takng. It ' re
acted to 45@45%c. May corn was theatrical in
behavior under persistent prompting by Phillips,
the bull leader, and broke all records for the last
nine years. The opening price was unchanged
at 54c. Phillips bid and grot but little, al
though he did not stop until 60c had been
reached. At this price Phillips is said to have
accepted private settlements from three houses
for an aggregate of 950,000 bushels. After the
high point had been reached a quick reaction
to 56c was recorded. This was followed by .a
slfarp rally to 59c and the close was. 4c higher
at 58c. Despite the higher bids made by PhH
llps,'- only 120,000 bushels were sold to him arid
this quantity, it was claimed,' would be actua'l
ly delivered. It furnished .evidence of the bull
leader's hold on the markpt, however, and this,
combined with the fallin_ off in receipts of
contract corn, alarmed, shorts ..and .accounts
for the alleged private settlements i made with
him at the top price. . /
Phillips bulled May oats from the start to
day, bidding them up to 31c, high price of the
crop. Crops over the greater part • of the
South and the lower Missouri Valley are said
to have suffered from drouth. May closed 2%c
higher at 30%c;,July closed %@%c higher at
28%<§2S%c.' •
Provisions were dull and fairly steady In
sympathy with corn. July pork closed 7%c
lower and lard and ribs unchanged.
The. leading futures ranged as follows: ;
Wheat No. 2— .
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
May ;.. 70% 717£ 70% 71%
July 71% 71% 7U4 . 71%
Corn No. 2—
May 54 60 54 68
July 44% 45% 44% 43V4
Sept 44% 45%. 44% 44%
Oats No. 2—
May ¦-.... 27% 31 27% 30%
July 27% 28% 27% 23%
S*pt ' 26y g 26% 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per bbl— '
May ....14 60 14 60 14 57% 14 57%
July ..14 60 14 72% 14 60 14.70 '
Sept 14 43 14 52H 14 45 14 47%
Lard, per 100 lbs. — 1 •
May '..... 7 CO
July 7 87% 7 90 7 87% 7 90
Sept 7 90- 7 92% 7 90 7 92%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.— ' .
May 8 02% 8 -02%
July .....;.. 7 85 7 85 7 82% 7 85
Sept. S 7 80 7 80 7 77%' 7 85
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet and steady. No. 3 spring wheat,
C9@71c; No. 2 red, 70%@71%c; Not. 2
corn, 62%@58c; No. 2 yellow, 53%@
68%c; No. 2 oats, 29%@30%c; No. 2 white,
31%c; No. 3 white, 29%c; No. 2 rye, 62c; good
feeding barley, 4S@52c; fair to choice malting,
53@36c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 73%; No. 1 North
western, $1 73%; prime timothy seed. $3@3 55;
mess pork per bbl, $14 60@14 65; lard, per'- 100
lbs, $7 90@7 95; short ribs sides (loose), $7 : 90@
8 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6% ©7c;
short clear sides (boxed). $8 12%@'3 25; whis
key. basis of high wines. $1 29. ,
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 43.000 19.000
Wheat, bushels 96,000 660,000
Corn, bushels ...323,000 353,000
Oats bushels .......388,000 270,000
Rye. bushels 8.000 131.M0
Barley, bushels 8,000 3,000
On the Produce, Exchange to-day, the butter
market was steady; creamery, 14$19c; dairy,
ll@16c; cheese, 9%@llc; eggs, stea3y, HUc
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . . July. Sept.
Opening .; 5 10% 6 9%
Closing - 5 10% . £9%
PARIS. j
Wheat— , May. July-Aug.
Opening. '.....19 45 > 20 30
Closing 19 75 20 45..
Flour — ' 1 -
Opening ..; ...... 24 70 25 35
Closing .......24 95 25 60
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. May 15. — The American Wool • and
Cotton Reporter will, say of the, wool trade
to-morrow: .¦ ' ', ; . •.
While the. market has shown no pronounced
activity, there are not wanting evidences of a
manifestation of greater Interest in the situa
tion, on the part of , the consumers, and on
Tuesday of this week a- few of the large mills
were represented- in the market and they are
believed to have taken on some wool. • .The
actual amount of business consummated dur
ing the week under review, , however,- is not
large, the sales not exceeding 3,600.000 pounds.
The purchasing- is still mostly of a. hand-to
mouth character, very few consumers show
ing any disposition • to largely anticipate their
wants. .'While the market has remained quiet
prices are as a whole well maintained. > The
sales for the week in Boston amounted to
3.445.000 pounds domestic and 453,000 pounds
foreign, making a » total of 3,600,000 pounds
against a total of 2,520,000 pounds for the
vious week,- and a total of. 2.631,000 pounds
' for the. corresponding week last year.
The sales since January 1 amount to 85.310,
000 pounds,, against 57,963,900 pounds for: the
corresponding time last year. ¦ ,, •• ,: v
. London Wool Sales. '
LONDON, ' May. 15.— The number of bales
offered -to-day, was 1 21.125. The selection \was
better , ',, and competition . was . more spirited.
The home trade secured the bulk of the. offer
ings.. Germany bought a quantity of superior
scoureds and merinos." Crossbreds were steady
while fine ' lambs wool ! was > steady ¦ for ;¦ fine
grades ,wllh the , prices In - buyers' ; favor,
Chicago Livestock Market. ];
.CHICAGO. May 15.— CATTLEy-Recelpts. 19,
900. -Steady to slow. '.; Good to)' prime ; steers.
¦$5 1006; poor to • medium," $4@6: istockers'and
Chicago Grain Market. ,
Custom House to Close Saturday.
The Custom-house anJ Appraiser's store will
be closed en Saturday in honor of the Presi
dent. Such bonded warehouses as are not re
ceiving goods ¦will also be closed. Ships will
discharge as usual.
Weather Report.
I <120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
, SAN FRANCISCO, May 15-5 p. m.
. The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
tfate. »s compared with those of tame date
last 6eason, and rainfalls In last twenty-four
hours:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
f>7; minimum, 47; mean. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The or«ssui-c has fallen rapidly during the
past twelve hours from the mouth of the
Columbia River northward. A moderate storm
overlies Northern Washington and Vancouver
Island. It will probably move eastward over
Washington and Idaho and may cause rain
along the coast as far south as Cape Mendo
eino.
The temperature has risen slightly in the
preat valleys of California.
Fog continues along the coast from Cape
Mendocino to Point Conception, but will prob
ably not be so heavy as during the past forty
eipht hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight May 16:
Northern California— Fair Thursday: light
southerly wind in the interior; fresh westerly
wind on th-i coEs«t.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; contin
ued warm in the Interior; cool on the coast
•vWth tn esh — .-csterly wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday; continued warm.
light westerly wind.
Vtah— Fair Thursday; continued warm; light
westerly wind.
Arizona— Fair Thursday; light northerly
F.in Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fresh westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
WEDNESDAY. May 15— 2 p. nL
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup..H3%114 4s qr cp (new).137%13SH
4s quar reg 113%114 '3s quar coup. ..100 109%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P 5s. ..104% — .Oceanic S 6s.. — —
Cal-st 6s 113 — Omnibus R 6s.l26 —
C C Water 5s.. — 110% Pac G Imp 4s.. — —
Ed L & P 6s..l28%133% Pk & C H 6s. ..105 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 114% — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. 120
H C & S 5%_..106% — ; Sac E G R 5s. — 100
Do 6s.... — — S F & SJV os.120%121%
Los Ang R 5s..ll2%113 Sierra Cal 6s.. — 103 "
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A fs ¦-
Do gntd 6s... — .104 (1909) 11294113U
Do gntd 5s.. .100 — (1910) — —
L A & Pac 5S..102 — S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. .101 — (1909), ser A.106% —
Market-st 6s..— 127% (1906). ser B.107% —
Dolcm 5s. .122^123 (1906) 110 —
NeV Co R 7s... — 113% • (1912)
Nor R Cal 6s.. — 114V* S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s.. — 119% cp gntd g 5s. 105 —
Nor Pac C 6s.lOO — S P Br Cal 6s. 134 —
Do 5s — 109 S V Water 6s.. — 114.
Nor Cal R 5s. .113% — Do 4s 102%103%'
Oak Gas 5s 112 — Do 4s, 3d m..l02%103
j Do Tran 6s... — '" 117% Stktn Gas 6s. .100 —
Do Wat os.. 104 105
Water stocks.
Contra Costa... 79% 79%| Spring Valley. 86% 87
Marln County. 53% — '
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pacific Lt 42% 43%
Equitable 3% 3% Sacramento.... — —
Mutual ........ 4% 7 S F G & E.... 38% 38%
Oakland 50% 50% San Francisco. 4 —
Pacific Imp..., 34% — Stockton 7% — s
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund.235 245 J , .
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ....73 80 _• P & A ..147 —
California ....406 410% Mer Ex (Hq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.107 — S F National. — 125
First Nat 3C9%312%
SVAINGS BANKS. ;.-¦.•.%
German 1890 — Sav.& Lobjj... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust. .1400 —
Ean Francisco.515 ' — • , .
. . STREET RAILROADS.
California ....125 135 OSL& H.... 40 —
Geary ;... 47% — Presidio.. — 27
Market ........ 69% —
• POWDER.
Giant 74H 78 )Vigorlt . FA —
SUGAR.
Hana 7% 8 [Kilauea ....... 39% 41
Hawaiian ...".. — 54 lMakawell .'.... — 28
Honokaa ...... 20 — 1 Onomea 20' — -
Hutchinson ... 13?i 20. > Paauhau .' — 28
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Alaska Pack..l26%128 [Oceanic SS.... 42-44%
Cal Fruit Can. — 97% I Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99% — I Pac C'Borax..l46%147
Mer Ex ..HO — 'Par Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
-Board— \ ' /,
10 Alaska Packers* Association 129 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association .123 75
$10,000 Californla-st Railroad bonds 118 00
50 Contra Costa Water 80 00
50 Contra Oosta Water 79 75
50 Contra Costa Water, s 90 79 75
25 Honokaa S Co. .....26 25
100 Honokaa S, Co '25 50
130 Honokaa S Co 25 25
250 Honokaa S Co 25 00
125 Honokaa S Co, s 901.".. ...."...'... 24 50
, 25 Hutchinson S P Co............ 19 75
30 Kilauea S P Co IS 50
$7000 Los Angeles Railway 5s.... 112 75
10 Oakland Gas ~ ., 50 50
60-Oceanic S S CO, s 30 40 00
$5000 Oceanic S S bonds... 102 50
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 38 62%
20 S F Gas & Electrlo Co 38 50
25 Spring Valley Water 86 75 1
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) 102 75
Afternoon Session.
. " Board— .
200 Contra Costa Water 79 50
515 Honokaa S Co 20 00
60 Honokaa S Co. .' .\ 19 50
50 Honokaa S Co 19 62%
50 Honokaa S Co 19 75
60 Hutchinson S P Co 19 75
. :i0 Kilauea S P Co........... 18 25
25 Makaweli S Co 3300
100 Market Street Railway, s 10.. 70 00
100 Onomea Sugar Co 20 00
25 Paauhau S P Co ".. 2S 00
100 Paauhau S P Co -27 60
125 Pacific Gas Imp 35 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co..... 38 87%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 38 75
$1000 S P of A bonds (1910) m 00
Street— '¦..¦:.
250 Market Street Railway, s 10.. 70 00
PRODUCERS' OIL, EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
300 Four Oil Co '-*«'•
2000 Oil City Petroleum 29
40 Peerless 8 00
- 50 Peerless, b 90 ' 8 50
400 Petroleum Center '. ¦" 07
100 Twenty-eight ..: '.. 1 20
300 Twenty-eight .'........". 125
' / Street— . . : / ; ,;
50 Peerless _ 8 00 .
Afternoon Sesslop.
¦'¦ "¦• Board— . ' • ,
1000 Aetna ...:..... 16
400 Home • .' 3 10
. 200 Lion .-...¦.....: 12 ¦
700 Monarch of Arizona. - 45 '
ICO Occidental of West Virginia, cash 59
f.O Occidental of West Virginia......... -59 .
400 Occidental of West -Virginia ". 60
2600 Petroleum Center 06
200 Petroleum Center — :....... 05 v
100 Petroleum. Center 04
. .100 Petroleum Center, s 90 04
.600 Reed Crude ' 45 .
ICO Sterling : 1 70
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
. ¦• "Board— .',';.;-'••¦' ¦ i_*Kt*5_>i*
3 Hanford :...-. .'...MOO
1500 Petroleum Center -.07
• v - Afternoon Session.
3C00 California-Standard .• 35
- 5C0 California & Utah Oil Co ;;25-.
- 3C0 Four Oil Co.. :..... ....;'... 49 ¦'
. 2 Hanford '¦¦¦» 94 00
2000 Lion, s 30...."......- ~....\\ 11'
1CC0 Petroleum Center 06
-'•1C0 Wolverine. .:..•..*:... .:...... 100'
-• : MIXING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
¦ ~ ' Mornin_ Session. '••""' ,
100 Caledonia :..... 50 1C0 Mexican ....... • 18
-¦* 100 Caledonia ..'..:. 4S 1C0 Ophir, : 83
200 Con Cal & Va..2 10 3C0 Union Con.'...;. ¦ 19
.200 Mexican ...'...'. 17 . -\ ,.L
Afternoon Session.! • ;
. 200 Best &' Belcher .. 26 300 Occidental -..'... 03
,200 Caledonia .*....'. 48 .400 Ophir ...'......".. 90
. -50 Caledonia ...... 47 -500 Ophir . .. .88
<2C0 Con Cal &Va..2 13 5C0 Sierra Nevada.' IS
- 400 Mexican -19 500 Union Con 20
. 1C0 Mexican ....... 20 200 Utah;.; C6
. - The following were : the sales • In the Pacific'
Stock Board- yesterday: . ,
'¦'...•'-,' • '¦ Morniris ; Session. ,...
400 Best & Belcher 24 , ; 3CO Gould & Cur. 12%
200 Chollar .'.'....... 06 2C0 Hale & Nor.... 21
; SCO C C.& Va......2 10 ICO Mexican 1 '....... 16
'300 C C &Va....2 07% 10O Yellow Jacket.. 16
" / .Afternoon, Session. -.*
300 '"Andes ¦..*......".'. 07 300 Mexican ......i.^ii
. 3C0 Best &¦¦ Belcher ¦ 25 700 Sierra Nevada. '13
1C0 Caledonia". .45 200 Union Con.....'. 20
,MCC &. Va.I..2 12% 900 Utah.'....;....;. 07
2C0 Crown :Polnt..; 12 -200 Yellow Jacket.. 17
JCO'Justlcei ...: 04
NEW YORK. , May I5.r-Money on ' call, firm
at 4^6 per cent;' last loan,; 4; ruling rate, 5.
Prime mercantile paper, ,4@4% per cent. . ster
ling exchange,' easier with actual. business in
bankers' bills at $4 S7T»S4 88 for demand and
at %K UK for sixty days. Posted' rates. $4 85%
New'. York Money Market.
Atchlson, 70^4; Canadian Pacific, 104%; Union
Pacific preferred. 92; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 105%; Grand - Trunk. 11%: Anaconda,
S%; United • States Steel, 43%; , United States
Steel preferred, 93%.. Bar silver, steady,. 2b%d
per ' ounce. : Money, . 3@4 per, cent. •
CLOSING
NEW YORK, May IS.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Though business was again on an infinitesimal
scale on the stock market here to-day the tone
was brighter and much more hopeful. The
settlement which Is concluded to-day discloses
nothing of .a serious nature. Many lame ducks
have been helped and six. small firms will
probably succumb yet, but no such difficulties
as have been anticipated by willing, pessimists
have developed. American shares hesitated to
open and then developed ¦ much confusion on
account of the departure of brokers from the
usual rule and their delivery of etocks direct
to dealers. Prices began wide, with differences
of 5 points in the hitsh-priced shares and 2
points In the cheaper issues, but generally well,
above parity. Chica?o, Milwaukee and St.
Paul common was the leader, with an advance
of 6 points. Business, however, was a matter
of Megotiation. When New York opened ' with
acceptance of I«ondon's ; lead arbitrageurs ap
peared for the first time since the crash and
began selling specialtlt-s heavily on a rumor
that there was a hitch in the negotiations for
a compromise of the. Northern Pacific troubles.
The close was heavy and nervous, with prac
tically no dealing.
London Market.
I 1.2M Hocking Valley 49%
1,400 Hocking Valley prefd 75
3,900 Illinois Central ; 133%
1,600 Iowa Central 26%
SKK) Iowa Central prefd .' a 55
2,400 Lake Erie & Western... 63%
Lake Erie & Western prefd... 115
18.S00 Louisville & Nashville 99U
22.100 Manhattan Elevated 110 '
21.400 Metropolitan Street Railway 157%
4,900 Mexican. Central 22%
6,100 Mexican National 10'.-i
1,200 Minneapolis, & St Louis S3
31,900 Missouri Pacific 9SU
3,900 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 25%
6,600 Missouri, Kansas & Texas "prefd.... 54U
New Jersey Central 155
19.600 New York Central 148%
5.100 Norfolk & Western 49%
Norfolk &-Western prefd 86%
1,300 Northern Pacific 138
300 Northern Pacific prefd .97
5,100 Ontario & Western 3C%
20.600 Pennsylvania 143^4
P C C & St Louis 60
20,300 Reading 37%
26,000 Reading 1st prefd "2%
13,000 Reading 2d prefd 46%
3,000 St Louis & San Francisco 43%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd..... SO
1.M0 St Louis & Ban Fran 2d prefd 63%
2,100 St Louis, .Southwestern 31
3,100 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 58
43,r«0 Pt Paul 154U
500 St Paul prefd.. : 194%
48,900 Southern Pacific 46
20.;<X> Southern Railway 27
6.100 Southern Railway prefd 80%
14.600 Texas& Pacific 43
3,900 Tol St L & W 17%
1.100 Tol St L & W prefd : 32%
1S3.400 Union Pacific ..106%.
8.400 Union Pacinc prefd 90>,5
600 Wabash 17
4,900 Wabash rrefd 33%
500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 15%
1,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd..... 26%
2.S00 'Wisconsin Central 18%
1,200 Wisconsin Central prefd 40%
Express Companies —
Adams 176
200 American 183
United States 79
Wells Fargo 160
Miscellaneous —
64,700 Amalgamated Copper 109%
1,900 American Car & Furniture 23U
2,900 American Car & Furniture prefd... 76%
10,900 American Linseed Oil 20%
8.800 American Linseed Oil prefd 1 48%
7.300 American Smelting & Ref 54» / i
400 American Smelting & Ref prefd 95'.i
1.500 American Tobacco 121
6.000 Anaconda Mining Co 44%
37,900 Brooklyn Rapid Transit.. 72
81.000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 90%
11,600 Continental Tobacco 53U
700 Continental Tobacco prefd e 105
1,500 Consolidated Gas 29%
3.100 General Electric 216
1.300 Glucose Sugar ex din —
1.400 Hocking Coal 16
2,400 International Paper 20
700 International Paper prefd 74%
1,700 International Power —
100 Laclede Gas 80
1,600 National Biscuit 41%
National Lead 15%
300 National Salt 42
200 National Salt prefd 75
3.70U North American
600 Pacific Coast :... 58
2,700 Pacific Mail 33%
16.200 People's Gas 108U
700 Pressed Steel Car 42
700 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82%
303 Pullman Palace Car 198
1,200 Republic Steel 17%
300 Republic Steel prefd..... 71%
31.100 Sugar 142^
3.400 Tennessee Coal & Iron 53 „
Union Bag 12%
Union Bag prefd '... 67V4
6.800 United States Leather 12
1,200 United States Leather prefd 75
United States Rubber 20%
500 United States Rubber prefd 61%
22S.200 United States Stefl 42%
111.100 United States Steel prefd 90%
4,900 Western Union 90%
1,463,600 Shares sold y
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s ref res lO^N J Cent gen 5s....l32U
Do coup 1C6H Northern Pac 3s... 71%
Do 3s reg 109% Do 4s..... ...105 .
Do 3s coup 109Vi NTC&SL 4s. ...108
Do new 4s reg.... 138 N & W con 4s.... 101
Do new 4s coup. .138 Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s rep 113% Do 4s 103%
Do old 4s coup. ..113% Or Short L 6s 127
Do 5s reg 108% X)o con 5s 117%
Do 5s coup 108% Reading Gen 4s.... 94>4
Dis of Col 3.65s. ...125% R G W lsts 100%
Atchlson gen 4s 102% ; S L & I M con 5s. .115
Do adj 4s 93% 6 L & S F gen Cs.,133
Canada Sou 2ds 107% St Paul con 190
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO6 St P C & P lsts.... 118
Do 5s 119 Do 5s 119%
C^& N con 7s .141% Southern Pac 43... 92
Do S F Deb 5s. ..120% Southern Ry 5s 116Vi
Chic Term 4s 93% Stand R & T 6s 60
Colorado Sou 4s SB Tex & Pac lsts 119
D & R G 46 101% Do 2ds 100
Erie General 4s.... 86%jUnlon Pacific 4s. ...105%
General Elec 6s 185% | Wabash 1st*- 117
Iowa Cent lsts 117 Do 2ds.: 110
L & N Uni 4s 102% West Shore 4s 114%
M K & T 2ds S1H Wls Cent lsts....... 88%
Do 4s 98Vi Va Centuries 95%
NY Cent lsts 107%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con.. 23|Little Chief 12
Alice 40 Ontario 8 00
Breece 1 60 Ophir 80
Brunswick Con 17 Phoenix 11
Comstock Tunnel... C5|Potosi 03
Con Cal & Va 2 OSiSavage 10
Deadwood Terra SOiSierra Nevada........ 13
Horn Silver 1 25'Emall Hopes 45
Iron Silver.. 68 Stardard 3 80
LeadvlHe Con.. 051
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — ¦ (West End 94
Call loans... .J 4 (§"5 Mining Shares —
Time loans 4%@5 Adventure 15
Stocks— . Blngham 22%
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 70 Arnalg Copper 109%
Do prefd 94% Atlantic '. 28
American Sugar... 141% Boston & Mont 410
Amer Telephone... 170 Butte & Boston 104
Boston & Albany. .255 Calumet & Hecla..825
Boston & Maine.. .190 Centennial 27%
Chi B & Q 193V4 Franklin 16%
I Dominion Coal 34% | Humboldt 30
I Do prefd '..114% Osceola 83%
U S Steel 42% Parrot 53
Do prefd... 90%:Quincy 165
Mexican Central... 22%'Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
N E Gas & Coke... 19 jTamarack 325
Old Dominion 32% Utah Mining 29
Rubber 20U Winona 2"
Union Pacinc. 105% Wolverines 63%
Union Land 3%
Leroy . N. and Kate McQuesten to Lewis
Dusenbery, lot on north, line or Post street.
37:8 E of Buchanan, E 23 by N 87:S, Western
Addition;. $6000.
Giovanni Gulnasso vs. Agostino Gravlotto.
by Paul Baclgalupl referee, to Giovanni Guln
asso. lot on west line of Jaaper place. .62:8
S *>f Filbert •treet, S 25 by W 60; $4750.
Kata Ryan to C. Osgood Hooker, lot oa
south line of Ellis street. -150:6 W of Hyde.
W 45:9 by S 137:6: $16,500.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Ber
tha A. Behlow, lot on northwest Una of Mis
sion street. 91:8 SW of Steuart, SW 43:10 by
NW 137:6; $20,500.
H. E. and Jennie- W. Bothin to same,
same; $10.* >
Henry J. Crocker, as trustee, and M. I.
Crocker to Patrick and Bridget Haskett. lot
on east line of Kansas street, 216:3 X of
Nineteenth (Butte). N 23 by E 100; $350.
Julio J. Schwartz to Ida M. Cambridge (wife
of A.), lot on northeast corner of K street and
Forty-eighth avenue. E 67:6 by N 100; $1000.
Pacific Loan Association to A. G. Lyle, lot
on east line of Alpine street. 190.-11H § of
Ridley, S 41:6. E 79:3%. N 41:6. W 79:9%. lot
16. and S % of lot 17. block C, Park Hill
Homestead No. 2; $4000.
A. G Lyle to Ella M. .Lyle. lot on east line
of Alpine street, 190:11% S of Ridley, S 41:8.
E 79:3%, "N 41:6, W 79:9'/4. block C. samejglft.
Samuel M. Brown to Frank w. McEwen,
lots 5 to 10. block 6. Holly Park; $1000.
William and Winifred E. "White to City
Building and Loan Association, lot on south
line of Powell avenue, 2C0 E of Mission (01a
land). E 25 by S 100, Predta Valley lots 334
to 357; $10.
Alameda County. /
Oakland Bank of Savings to W. J. IMngee.
lot on E line of West street. 75 S of Fifteenth.
S 2S:9 by E 90, portion of block H. map of
property of North Oakland Homestead Asso
ciation. Oakland; $1373.
Lester G. and Mary I. Burpee to W. A.
Wlshart, all Interest In lot on W line of Tel
egraph avenue. 73 S of Thirty-second, street.
S 35 W 99.03, N 33. E 99.53. to beginning, por
tion', of block 2036, Rowland tract. Oakland;
$4500. 1
- Luke Doyle to Maria Doyle, lot on N line
of Seventh street, 75 E of Webster. K 25 by N
1C0, being lot 23, block 79, Kellersberger-s Map.
Oakland; also lot on NE corner of Webster and
Seventh streets, N 25 by E 75. being lot 1.
block 79. same, Oakland; gift.
Charles W. and Elizabeth Davis to Esther
F. Crowell. all Interest in lot 5. block 74. tract
B, Berkeley I* and T. 1. Association, Berkeley;
J16C0.
Charles W. Davis to same, all Interest In lot
on SE line of Central avenue. 1823 NE from
county road from Oakland to San Leandro. NE
25:38 SE 216:5. SW 135:36, NW 108:5. NE 110,
NW'llO, to beginning, portion Klngsland Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $K0.
J. S. Burpee to F. Dahl. all Interest In. lot
60, block 34, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
F. A. and Mae G. Losh to Clans B. Tackle,
lot on NE corner of Thlrty-flfth and Market
streets. B 35 by N 100, block M. ?Iap of prop
erty Central Land Company, Oakland; also lot
on S line of Thirty-fourth street, 276.25 -W of
West. W 40 by S 100. being the W 40 feet of
lot 12. block K. Map of same. Oakland; $1000.
American Real Estate Investment Union
(corporation of New Jersey) to American or
America! Real Estate Company (corporation
of Rhode Island), 4.23 acres beginning- at SB
corner of land formerly owned by J. Ford at
a stake standing in. the small stream, thence
along the edge of the marsh as follows: SW
5.25 chains, SW 4.60 chains, SW 1.84 chains to
a stake standing in N line of a small roadway,
thence NW 1.98 chains. NE 10.60 chains to S
line of lands of Ford, thence SE .649 chains to
beginning, Dortlon Dlats 1 and 3. Rancho V.
and D. Peralta: excepting the following: Lots
27 and 23. 39, 55 and N 13 feet of lot! 54. 53
and N 10 feet of lots 57. 40, 24 to 26. 52 and N
10 feet of lot 51. lots 6 to 8. map of the Ameri
can Investment Union. Tract No. 1. Oakland;
$10.
California Improvement Company to Allen D.
Wilson, parcel of land bounded N by right of
way of western division of the C. P. R. R. as
now used. W by center line of Fifth avenue
or Strode street as It would be If- extended S
across the harbor line to ship channel. S by
ship channel. E by center line of Ninth ave
nue If extended S to S line of ship channel.
East Oakland, quitclaim deed; $1500.
Grace E. and W. J. Mortimer to Ada A.
Patterson (wife of R. R-). all interest in lot
on N line of Bristol Btreet. 50 E of Califor
nia. E 60 by N 135. lot 2. In range 12. Hardy
Tract, Berkeley; $1000.
John C. and Zue R. Curtln to Arthur Pleur
tln, all interest In lots E and F. block 30,
on official plat of San Leandro. Eden Town
ship; $2000.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry Mauser (owner) with Val Franz (con
tractor), architects; Salfleld & Kohlbery—Car
penter, mill, brick and concrete work, excava
tion, srlaztngr. tinning, lathing and plastering
for a 2-story basement and attic frame build
ing on lot on N line of Fulton street, 73 E or
Clemsnt C. Clayz(owner) "with Christ C. Roe
be- (contractor), architect G. A. Behrnd— All
work except palntlnsr and plumbing for altera
tions and additions for a 2-story frame butld
in* to be made into a 3-story frame building
on lot on E line of Steiner street. 102:8% N of
Washington. N 25 by E 91: $2142.
BEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
NEW YORK, .May 15.— FLOUR— Receipts.
12,751 barrels; exports, 7239. Quiet.
WHEAT- Receipts, 109,250 bushels: exports,,
40.184. Spot, steady; No. 2' red. 82%c f. o. b.
afloat and 82%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duj
,luth. 83Uc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
90c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened steady and
thereafter developed a ' strong undertone and
active trade on a- bull corn market, scattering
reports of an unfavorable nature from the
Southwest, vigorous adjustment of oversold ac
counts and a sharp late rise in Paris. Closed
strong at l@l%c net advance. May. 80%@S2c".
closed 81%c; July, 77%@78%c, closed 78}ic; Sep
tember, 75%@75%c, closed 7514c.
HOPS— Steady. •
HIDES— Steady. . , , :
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot, dull: No. 7 invoice, 6Uc;
mild, dull; Cordova, SU@12&a Futures steady,
with prices net unchanged to 5 points lower.
Sales, 5500 bags, including: September, $5 50:
October, $3 55; November, $5 60; December,
$5 75. • '.
SUGAR— Raw, firm but quiet: fair . refining-.
3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 9-32c; molassefl
sugar, 3%c; refined, quiet. j
BUTTER— Receipts, 6491 packages.- Firm.
State dairy, 15@18c; creamery. 15@19c; factory^
ll@13c. .
EGGS— Receipts, 14,779 packages. Irr^gnlar.
Western regular packed, 12@13c; storage West^
em. 13@14c. . •
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples was again 1
moderately active. State common, 3@4c; prime,
4',£@4?4c; choice, 5@5%c; fancy, 6@6>/4c. t
California dried fruits ruled dull and steady
at old prices. Prunes, 3^4@7c per pound, as
to size and quality. Apricots— Royal, 7V£@12c;
Moorpark, SV t <S:l3c. Peaches— Peeled, 12%@2Oc;
unpeeled, S'.fcSlOc. .
New York Grain and Produce, j
• The Hutchinson Plantation Company has de
clared a "dividend of 20c per share, payable on
the 20th.'. The annual meeting of. the company
was held Tuesday. Hereafter the fiscal year
will close with the end of the calendar year,
instead of March 31. The plantation received
48 inches of rain instead of 29 Inches for the
previous ¦ year. Including $19,100 carried over
the receipts were $717,755. • The disbursements
were as follows: General expenses, $317,105;
betterments. $36,207; supplies, $94,784; dividends,
$300,000; total, $743,096. This shows an over
draft of $30,340, which the reduction of divi
dends from $25,000 to J20.000 will cover in six
months. . »• ;..."¦
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The California Fruit Canners' Association,
has declared a dividend of 60c per share, pay
able on the 20th. .
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Oakland Gas, 25c; Oakiand, San Leandro &
Haywards Railroad,- 20c; Kllauea, 25c; Pacific
Auxiliary Fire Alarm, Ec. »
. In- the afternoon Honokaa continued to de
cline, touching $19 75. Paauhau sold down to
$27 50. . . . '
The oil stocks continued inactive and without
feature. > " i . ¦ . .y '
.Business was brisk on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange. Honokaa was active
but much lower at $26 23@24 50. Alaska Pack
ers': made, a . marked decline to $123 73 and
Oceanic sold at $40, seller 90. • . .
STOCK MARKET.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
- .. -- -
WEDNESDAY, May 13—4 p. m.
' Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha C2 03 Justice ol u5
Alta .*.... 02 04 Kentuck -. — '03
Andes C6 07 Lady Wash — 0i
Belcher 08 10 Mexican 13 13
Best & Belcher 2a 27 Occidental 03 04
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 83 S»
Caledonia 47. SO Overman 11 12
Challenge Con.. . 10 11 Potosi ........... 03 04
Chollar . 05 07 Savage 12 13
Confidence 55 60 Scorpion ....... — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 15 2 20 Seg Belcher.... 01 OS
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada.- 15 16
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 30 33
Crown Point... ll-.l_St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con.... G6 —Standard 4 00 4 10
Exchequer — 02!Syndicate OS —
Gould & Curry. 11 13 Union Con 13 20
Hale & Nor.... 20 22 Utah 04 07
Julia. — 02, Yellow Jacket.. 17 18
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS;
Silver higher. Sterling Exchange weaker.
Wheat lozver. Barley dull. Other grains unchanged.
Hay shows more tone. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Pink Beans being freely offered by holders. Bayos firm.
Potatoes continue firm and Onions weak .' Vegetables plentiful.
Butter and Eggs weak and Cheese lower.
Poultry market still liberally supplied and depressed.
Fresh Fruits generally lower.
Oranges coming in poor again.
Dried Fruit dull and largely nominal.
Local packers still trying to buy Hogs cheaper.
Better trading in local stocks and bonds.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. : No. 1.
75c-. pure, $1 30;>Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
75c- raw, 73c ;¦ cases, 5c more; Lard; Oil, extra
winter strained. v barrels," 80c;- cases.. S5c: China
Nut 53<g63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels ' 65c ; cases,", 70c : Sperm. • pure, 65c ; Whale
OH . natural i white, 1 37V2@42Hc per gallon ; . Fish
Oil > in barrels. 35c; cases, :40c.
; -COAL OIL--Water .White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13c- Pearl OH/ in cases.- 19c;. 'Astral; 19 C ; star,
10c; ; Extra 'Star. 23c: , Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized -stove Gasoline; . In bulk, -:15c; in
cases, 21c; Benzine^ in bulk; i4c;'Jn cases. Me;
86-desree Gasoline, in^bulk, 20c; in cases,, 26c. -
. TURPENTINE— 55c ; per : gallon - in . cases « and
49c .in -drums 'or iron barrels.: '. ' ..,-•:. i.
> BUG AR— The -Western .¦ Sugars Refining ¦ Com
pany, quotes.) per lb, in 100-lb-bags:. ..r — .,'. .-_».
5 Crushed; 6.2bc:vPowdered;< 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated,*.' 5.85c ; : . Dry 'Granulated,' 5.75c; • Confec-
;,-,¦- :¦ ¦ f ¦ r- •-< ¦ ' ¦-.! : ¦
'.GRAIN BACiS-^San Quentin Bags,. $5 65;/Cal
cutta Grain Bags/ 6%®7c; local make, '^ic Ies3
than: Calcuttas; ..Wool -• Bags, 30@34c; Fleece
Twine, 7Vj@8c. - ~\'-~ ' -.:¦ ':.'•:;' :,
' COAL—Wellin'gton,' $9 ¦ per ton; j SouthOeld
Wellington.'. $9; Seattle,' $7; Bryant. ; $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50j( Wallsend,' $9; Co-operative- Walls
end' $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks-. Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel '$10 per ton; Coke, -$15 per. ton in bulk and
$17' in sacks; 'Rocky -Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $S 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand. .:' '¦:•'_' V > •'.
General Merchandise.
The packers "are j still • trying \ to buy : small
Hogs at' 6%c,' but make little headway. '. '
.BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6@6Hc per lb for
VEAL— LarKe, 7Vs@Sc; email. S@9c" per lb.
V-. MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@S%c ; ¦ Ewes, ' 7@7^4c
per ¦ pound. ': ¦•'•-'.. -:."- ¦ "•¦ '
LAMB— Spring. - S\4@9c per. pound. ¦
PORK— Live 1 Hogs, 180 lbs and under. 6%®
6%c* ISO to 225 lbs. 6%c: 225 and over, 6c; feed
ers, —; dressed • Hogs; : *H@9c. ...,
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4V&C per. lb; No. 2,
3%(S4c; grease, 2@2V4c. ¦, •
. WOOL— Spring. 1300 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 15@16c per lb; Northern, free, 113@
13c- defective, 9@llc:' Middle County.' free. 10®
lie; do. defective, 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8ff29c; Southern.; free, 7. months,- -7@10c; do. .de
fective, -7, months. •• 7®8c; Oregon Valley, • fine, - 15
(f?16c; do medium and coarse, 14@15c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice. 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9®Uc;
Nevada,- 10012c, ¦ ' . .' .
HOPS T -15@20c per Jb. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about ;:lV4c ¦'. under ' quotalons. | Heavy Salted
Steers, - 10c; medium, 9c; light. 8@S%c: Cow
Hides,' 8V>c for heavy and 8>4c for light; Stags,
6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted veal, 9@9%c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; -Culls. 13%@14c; Dry
Kip.- 16c; Dry Calf. 16@17c: Culls and Brands,
13@14c; Sheepskins,- shearlings, . 15@30c - each;
short Wool, 30@50c each; medium, 60@75c; long
Wool S0c@$l each; Horse Hides; salt, $2 50 for
large and $2@2 25 for medium, 1 $1@1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse" Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large, $1 25 for medium,' $1 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium skins, SOc; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
6mooth. 50c;: medium, 35c. '
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound end 10^c for pure; N half-barrels, pure,
10%c: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, U%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce, i%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb. , . .
. CUR-ID MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%@13c for light medium, 13%c for-light,: 14%c
for extra light and lSVic for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $12 per
barrel; extra Mess, $12 60; Family, $11 50; prime
Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19;
Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per lb.
There is nothing new to report.
Provisions.
PRUNES-4 sizes., 3c; 40-5Os. 6%c; 50-608. 4»4c;
60-70S. 3%c: 70-SOs..' 3tfc; S0V90s, . 2»ic; *9O-10Os;
2«c; 100-l»s,' f l%c. •; >' . - •¦¦¦•.¦.:'
RAISINS— The Raisins Growers' Association
has established the following prices:. Bleached
Thompson's • fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard j 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's; r 9c • per' lb. Sultanas— Fancy, • lOVic per
lb;, choice, 9%c; standard, S»ic; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,, 50-lb boxes,
6\4c;- 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6V4c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, . 5%c, and
4-crown, 5V>c; seeded Fresno prices). 5%c;
London Layers, 2-crown,: $150 per box; 3
crown. $1 60; Fancy Clusters,' $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. 9. b. at common
shipping points in California. ' - • ¦' .
NUTS— "Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10@llc; No.
2. 7V4@8c; No. 1 hardshell, 10c ; No. 2. 6@7c:
Almonds. 13@14c for papershell, 10@Hc for. soft
shell and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@HV£c; Filberts,
12(S12%c; Pecans, ll®13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for., bright and 11®
HHc for light amber; water white extracted.
5@6c; light amber extracted,- 4@5c; dark, . 3%
@4c. ' ¦ - - ' .
BEE_WAX-23@28o per lb.
The market continues dull and unchanged.
A mail report from New York nays: "Coast
advices report offers of future apricots for July
shipment on the basis of 9c f. o. fcC in bags for
choice Royals. This basis is equivalent to 10%c
laid down ¦ here and is higher than last sea
son's opening." "• ,"•
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7%c for Royals; Evapo
rated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried, l%@2c; Peaches,
3»A@4c for standard, 4%@5V$c for choice and 6®
6%c for fancy: Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3%@
5c; unpitted. l@l%c; Nectarines. - 4@4%c for red
and for white.- ¦>
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c©52 25;
Seedlings, ¦ 60c@$l 50; Tangerines, 60c@$l 25;
Lemons. 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 50®2 50
for good to choice; Grape Fruit, .B0c@$150;
Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas. • $1 25@2 50
per bunch for New ¦ Orleans and $1 2502 for
Honolulu; Pineapples, $2<g3 50 per dozen. ; .
STRAWBERRIES- $3®8 per chest for Long
worths and $4@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 370 chests and 410 crates. The latter sold
at 75c@$l per crate. ,
BLACKBERRIES— From Covina, $1 25@1 50
per crate;. from Newcastle, $1 25@1 50 per crate.
RASPBERRIES— 75c per drawer; from New
castle, $1 25@1 75 per crate.
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@40c per drawer, s
CURRANTS— 50@73c per crate and 60@75c per
drawer. .' ' . •>' ••«*>•<(
. CHERRIES— Receipts were 3650 boxes, sell
ing at 30@60c per box . for red and 45@S5c for
dark. . ¦ ..,..; ¦
APPLES — Eastern, $2 25@2 50 per box; local,
gTeen, 50c. v *
I APRICOTS— From Yuma and Vacaville, 75c®
$1 50 per crate and 50c@?l per. box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
- The Mariposa brought up from the Islands
2164 bunches Bananas - and 255 crates Pineap
ples.
Ten cars of Oranges, mostly ¦ poor and unde
sirable, ' were auctioned as follows: Fancy
Navels, $1@2 10; choice, do, 60c@$l 65; standard
do, 50c@$l 30; Seedlings, 35@40c; Valencias,
$1 75@2 35; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 15©1 65.
The Orange market is lower. :
'Receipts of . Cherries are larger, though they
are less- than the average at this time of the
year.. Prices are lower all. around. Apricots
and Eastern ' Apples are also lower. Straw
berries,'too, are selling ' for less money. Ar
rivals of other berries are light and scattering.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, lCc; firsts, 15c; seconds, — -;
store, 13c. ¦ : >....: .,
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, - 8c; . choice,
7%c; common, .nominal; Young Americas, 9%c;
Eastern,, full cream. ..14@16c per lb.
-.EGGS—.- ¦-'¦.¦ . - : - .' ' - . ''' - - '
• California I Ranch— Selected ¦ White,' . 14%c;
mixed colors. 13c per dozen, t
California Gathered— Selected, 12%c; etandard,
12c ;•, seconds, - — . .. : :, . ..
BUTTER— ¦-•:-• ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦
Creamery — E-tras. : 17c; * firsts, ; 16c; seconds.
OAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS
. BUTTER— Creamery, • 17%@18c per ib for
fancy and 16%@17c for Eeconds; dairy, 14@16V4c
per'-lb.'-: ¦/'- ¦¦''¦'•• •• •', --•¦.¦¦¦¦ ' • -
i CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old, nominal; ¦ Toung
Americas, 9@10c. .'-¦'• •* -• ¦¦ . • -¦ \
EGGS— Ranch, 14%@16o for good to fancy;
store. 13@14c per dozen. •• ¦•.•.¦¦
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
'"-.' I-'.';" Butter; Cheese and Eggs. .
©<¦¦ ¦ '¦.'..¦ _____ ¦ ., ¦ - -.••/¦¦••>¦
ipSome dealers quote a . weak and others "a
steady Butter market,' according, to their etocks
and: orders, jjj The j recent advance has • checked
packing more .-, or less, ' hence this outlet" for
the surplus . is cut .oft. At the same time
stocks are not excessive and quotations show
little -change. ; " ~. : .-. . '. \
. Cheese is • weak and - the exchange has again
reduced I its . prices. . . ¦ . . : , .
Eggs . remain as for . some days, . being in
liberal . supply, quiet, and weak.
Receipts were. 76, 7C0. pounds and 120 tubs of
Butter, / 1616 , cases Eggs. ' 400 cases Eastern
Eggs, 32,325 pounds California Cheese. and
pounds . Eastern Cheese. '.. . ' - '.-..'. ..
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for
Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush. ¦
, Poultry continues . weak and dull, with ex
cessive "supplies of Hens and email ' Broilers.
The ', tendency j of , the .whole market -'la * toward
lower prices. ¦ -' .¦'¦.•¦- ".-"¦ ' .V ¦"•**- ';'¦'% ¦> j:*
, Two cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, M@llc for Gobblers
and ll@12c for Hens; Geese, per' pair, $1 50®
1 73; Goslings, $1 50@2; Ducks, . $3 50@4 50 for
old and $4 5u@6 - f or young; Hens. $4@5; young
Roosters,'. $6@7; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers,'
$3@5 50; Broilers, ?3@4 for large and $1 75@2 50
for small; Pigeons, $1 5001 75 per dozen for old
and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs. ¦_- -•'¦ • . — ¦
Poultry and Game.
per dozen ; Garlic." 8@10c ) per lb ' for old and 5c
for" new; Green Peppers, 4@8c per lb; . Egg
Plant, 10@15c per lb.
NEW YORK, May 15.— Tin In the local mar
ket for metals again took a lower level, due
chiefly to a lack of speculative interest .here
and In sympathy with the weakness abroad.
Values in- London declined £1 dropping, to
£121.153 for spot and to £118 10s for. futures.
Before the. local market settled a loss of 40
points was scoreS and. the market closed .weak
at $26 10@26 50. ¦ ¦ ¦ _• ; «i -tz
•Lead and spelter were unchanged, at »*J«Vi
and |3 95(34 respectively. Copper was i without
change to-day, selling at $17 for .Lake and
"WlrST .^nts, : $9 50@10 50; } Northern
Foundry, $15 25@16 50... » ; . ¦ . • '¦ '
New YorkCotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 15.— Cotton closed steady,
unchanged to 4 points higher.
: Portland's Business:
PORTLAND, May 15.— Clearings, $358,235; bal
ances, $87,604. . . ¦ j?
Northern Wheat Market. ,
• * ' ' - OREGON. "'..,.'.
PORTLAND, ' May 15.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, steady at 59c. \\' ( . ]....:'
¦ : . WASHINGTON. ••'. ¦... 1,-
TACOMA, May 15.— WHEAT— Market steady;
club, 53c; bluestem, 61c.
; Y v . Foreign Markets. :
LONDON, May 15.— Consols. 94 3-16; . silver,
27%; ; French rentes, lOlf 70c@101f; cargoes
on passage, rather easier; English country
markets, . weak. ."'.-¦
LIVERPOOL, May 15.— Wheat, quiet. No. 1
Standard' California, 6s l%d@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet, steady; weather in
England, fine; cotton, uplands, -4s ll-32d. >¦
LIVERPOOL. May 15.— Wheat— Spot, steady:
No. 2 red Western winter, 5s HHd: .No. 1
Northern spring. 6s Id: No. 1 California. 6s
l%d. Futures— Steady; July, 5s 10%d; Septem- ,
ber, 5s 9%d. ¦ ' , s
Corn— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new, 4s
lid: American mixed, old, '4s 2V4d. Futures-
Steady; July, 3s ll&d; September, 3s ll%d.
New. York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, May 15.— Porter Bros. Co. sold
to-day at auction Vacaville cherries which
brought the following prices: -Tartarians, $1 lo
to- 12 40; Governor Woods. $3 1C; Rockports,
$1 20; Chapmans. $1 SO; Mosell. $3 10: Bigereau,
$1 85; Advance, $1 30; Pringle Cots, $1 lo. ...
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, May 15.— Porter Bros. Co. sold to
day at auction Vacaville cherries which brought
the following prices: Advance. $1 55 to $1 80;
Purple Gulgne, $1 60: Mosell, $1 95: Tartarians,
$130 to $2 25; Black Hearts, $1 So; Rockports,
$1 30 to $1 35. Gross sales on part of, car of 7J6
packages, $1011. : - • > : ; : ' ¦• ' " '¦¦'• :> .'* '
feeders, $3@5 10- cows and heifers, * $2 S5@4 85;
canners,- $2 15@2 80; bulls, $3@4 1 40; ¦ «a\ve?.
$3 75@5 25; Texas steers, $4 25@5 40; bulls, $2.75
@3 80;- '..'- »: - -'..- - " •
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 27.100. To-morrow,
20,000, Estimated left over. 3000; closed strong,
mixed and butchers, $5 60@5 87%: good I to choice
heavy,- $5 75@5 87%; rough heavy, '.$o60@o 70,
light, $5 50@5 80;' bulk of sales, $5 75@o 80. Mf
SHEEP-Receipts. 12,000. Strong to; 10c
higher. Lambs. 10c to 15c higher. Top clipped
lambs, $5; good to choice wethers, $4 2o<g>4 o0;
fair/ to choice mixed. $4@4 25; Western sheep,
$4 30@4 50; yearlings. $4 40@4 50; lambs, $4 40®
5 £0; Westerns, $4 50@5 50. '
Flour.' qr ska..... 26.706 Onions, sks 446
Wheat, ctls 60.363 Wine, gals.. 81.800
Barley, ctls.-. 9,9*9 Brandy, gals 4,000
Oats, ctls......... v825 Leather, rolls.... el
Rye. ctls 263 Chicory, bbls i-
Hay.Uons..: 307 Quicksilver, flsks .ill
Potatoes, sks 2,019 Pelts, bdls f>
Bran, sks 2,495 Hides, No 24
Middlings, sks... So Wool, bales «<
Beans, sks... " J3 Tallow, ctls W
' OREGON.
Flour, qr sks..*... 8,428 Potatoes, sks 1.837
Oats, ctls 90. Middlings, Bits... 1.000
FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 13.
Receipts of 'Produce.
tlcners' A. 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5. isc; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c;.Extra C." 5.25c; Golden- C..5.1oc;
barrels 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; bores.
50c more; EO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Do-il
nos. half-barrels. 6.50c; boxes. .6.75c per Ib.
THE SAN FRASfClSCO CALL, THXJKSD^, M^AYf 16^ 1901.
"WASHINGTON, May 15.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve ¦ in- the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $157,514,583; gold, $97,154,507. .
Condition of the Treasury.
and $4 89. Commercial bills $4 S3J/4@4 84. Sil
ver certificates, 60c. Bar" silver, 59y4. Mexican
dollars, 48}£c.
Bonds— Government, (. strong; State, Inactive ;
railroad, weak. • s r-,jf f
12
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
I Last This I Last
24 Hours Season. Season.
STATIONS
pureka
3Jb& Bluff
Sacramento
?an Francisco
»...
inuependcnc*
ian Luis Obispo
Angeles
5an Diego
0.00 45.93
0.00 24.21
0.00 19.52
0.00 20.51
0.00 1X.C6
0.00 5.61
0.00 30.35
0.00 15.58
Trace 11.25
48.55
5 22.94
10.24
18.4!
10.27
3.65
17.20
7.91
5.S9
I Last This I Last
24 Hours Season. Season.
STATIONS
pureka
3Jb& Bluff
Sacramento
?an Francisco
»...
inuependcnc*
ian Luis Obispo
Angeles
5an Diego
0.00 45.93
0.00 24.21
0.00 19.52
0.00 20.51
0.00 1X.C6
0.00 5.61
0.00 30.35
0.00 15.58
Trace 11.25
48.55
5 22.94
10.24
18.4!
10.27
3.65
17.20
7.91
5.S9
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
fe, EXECUTOR'S SALE. £a
I will sell the contents of the late A. Hables*
stables. S73 Foisom st.. Friday. May 17, at
11 a." m., consisting of horses, carriages, bug-
gies, surreys, wag-ons, harness, robes, office fix-
tures, etc. Sale peremptory.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
Offlc-i 327 Sixth stCARPENTER WHO WAS ELEC
TROCUTED AT THE PIED
MONT POWER-HOUSE.
Seven Years for Burglary.
. Albert Fisher, a well-known tool thief,
was sentenced by Judge Cook yesterday
to serve seven years in San Quentih on
the charge of burglary. March 21 he
broke into the toolhoiiBe of E. A. Leonard
at 212 Leidesdorff street and stole a quan
tity of carpenters' tools.
Polish Society Picnic.
The Society | of Poles, -Llthunians and,
Rousines of California will hold its, an
nual picnic In San" Rafael. Park, San Ra
fael, next Sunday. .There, will be music
by . the First Regiment band and games
for old < and young. ' The committee of ar
rangements will do all It can to make the
affair, a pleasant success. . : ;
Fair Will Contest Continued.
Judge Troutt made ah order yesterday
continuing the hearing of the contest in
stituted by Charles L. Fair to the will of
the late James G. Fair to June 5. The re
mlttitur from the Supremo Court declar
ing the trusty clause of Fair's will invalid
will be filed in the Supreme Court on the
30th inst., and it is expected that at that
time Charles L. Fair's contest will be dis
missed.
Burglar Detected at Work.
The residence of Carl L. Koster at 128
Steiner street was entered Tuesday night
by a burglar, who gained entrance to the
house by prying open a dining-room win
dow. He was discovered by Miss Maud
Lardner, a sister-in-law of Koster. She
gave an alarm and the burglar made good
his escape just as Koster appeared on tho
scene armed with a revolver. He' had
packerd up several hundred dollars', worth
of silverware to carry off, but dropped It
in his flight:
The third annual excursion and picnic
of Dixision No. 115 cf the Order of Rail
way Conductors will take place at Camp
Taylor next Wednesday, May 22, and
there will be plenty of fun when the jolly
conductors and their friends gather under
the greenwood trees for a day of relaxa
tion from arduous duties. The proceeds
of the excursion will be devoted to the
5 urinal benefit and relief funds of the
< rder. There are about ninety conduc
tors in Division 115, embracing men who
bwIujc the lantern on freight and passen
prv trains, and their field of labor is, gen
<-ia?)v speakinsr. on the coast division of
t) r Southern Pacific Company's lines, on
th". California and Northwestern and the
San Francisco and North Pacific Coast
»<>;i«?S.
The officers of the division are: Chief
conductor. Hayes P. Spoakman; assistant
thief conductor, F. E. Farley; secretary
and treasurer, M. G. Pumphrey; senior
conductor. F. L. Watson; Junior conduc
tor, W. W. Brown; inside sentinel. A. R.
Holbcrt; outside sentinel, Mose Morris.
The committee on arrangements consists
of most of the foregoing officers afld also
Tom Billingslea, J. C. Fielding, J. K.
Smith and J. G. fiaxton. No intoxiqatlng
liquors will be sold on the gTound on the
day ot the picnic. Uncle George Brom
ley will be the orator of the day.
Programme Includes Basket Picnic
Under Greenwood Tree at
Camp Taylor.
F.AILWAY CONDUCTORS
PLAN FOR EXCURSION
Daly Dies of His Injuries.
James Daly, mechanic** foreman at the
Uiiion Iron Works, died in the German
Hospital last Tuesday night from injuries
received by being struck by a streetcar
on May S, at the crossing of Army. and
Kentucky streets. The body was taken
U> the Morgue yestcrdav. . .
BOLD ATTEMPT TO ROB
A MARKET-STREET SALOON
Two Men Assault Proprietor With a
Piece of Gaspipe and Severely
Injure Him.
Jeremiah O'Conner, the proprietor of> a
saloon at 1425 Market street, was the vic
tim of a murderous assault made yester
day afternoon by two men who entered
the place with tho evident Intention of
robbing it. O'Conner, who Is advanced in
years, was behind the bar when the men
entered and called for drinks.
After having been served they took
seats at a table and commenced to play
cards. After a time O'Conner was invited
to Join In the game. He accepted the
invitation and was looking over his cards
when suddenly one of the men drew a
joint of gaspipe about two feet - long,
which had been covered with a piece of
garden hose, and struck O'Conner on
the head with it. O'Conner • fell to the
floor, when two more blows were dealt
him. He called for assistance and the
would-be robbers ran out of the place and
made good their escape. Officer Flynn,
who was on duty In the neighborhood,
was summoned and ho had the injured
man removed to the General Emergency
Hospital, where Dr. Stevens dressed three
severe lacerated wounds on the side of hia
head. O'Conner furnished the police a de
scription of the two men. He recognized
one of them as a stranger who had been
Jn his saloon on a previous occasion.
BERKELEY, Slay 15.— The members of
the University of California Alumni Asso
ciation held their annual reunion luncheon
this afternoon at 1 o'clock In Harmon
gymnasium. About 700 alumni and guests
were present. Governor Nash of Ohio,
who had been entertained at the home of
J. W. Richards, appeared at the luncheon
just at its close and made one of the
principal speeches.
William A. Brewer, 'S3, acted as toast
master. Mrs. A. F. ' Morrison, '78, re-
Fr°Tided to the toast. "The Women Gradu
ates of the University." Milton H.
Schwartz spoke on behalf of "The Class
of l?a." and Frederick Searles on behalf
of 'The Class of 1S76."
Governor Nash was received with
chr-frs. He said:
'My visit to this State has been a con
t-rnnt revelation to me. I have admired
your mountains and your beautiful val-
Icvy. I have seen somewhat of your won
<l«-rful resources anS.your prosperity, but
vhat impresses me most of all is the
ftand you take in educational matters.
You takf more pride in your university
than you do in your wealth or prosperity.
You need here, as we need in our older
Hartern State?, educated men and women
to con<3uot your affairs. We of Ohio are
rrcud of its resources, its manufactories,
it? commerce, but like you we take more
pride in Us men and women than in all
things else. There is one man in Ohio —
rot in Ohio now. but in your neighbor city
acrofs the bay — of whom we are especially
proud, it fillp me with great pleasure to
see that you esteem him as we do. I am
rejoiced at the ovations you have given
him— to William McKinley, President of
the t'nited States.
"There is one good wish that I have to
leave with you: may the University of
California continue to grow and increase
in strength, that she may be a pride to
the State and republic for all time to
feme."
C. 6. Greene, president of the Alumni
Association, and G. W. Pierce, class of
IKTj. responded to toasts.
President Wheeler tendered a farewell
reception to-night in Hearst Hall to the
graduating class. The affair closed the
events of commencement week.
t A decision was handed down yesterday
by the Supreme Court, sitting at Sacra
mento, affirming the judgment rendered
by Judge Seawell of the Superior Court
of this city and county in which It was
held that the State Board of Railroad
Commissioners had no jurisdiction over
the Market Street Railway. Company and
could not examine Into the affairs of the
corporation for the purpose of fixing the
passenger rate or for any other purpose.
This decision effectually disposes of \ the
contention of the Railroad Commission
£hat the authority to fix the rates of all
streetcar as well as transportation com
panies was vested in it by constitutional
provision.
Review of Cause of Action.
Several years ago the Railroad Com
mission sought to Investigate the affairs
of tho Market Streot Company,
but Joseph L. Willcutt, secretary of that
corporation, refused to obey the summons
calling upon him to produce the books of
the company for invcotigation by the com
mission, which purposed assuming juris
¦dlclion over the company's affairs, es
pecially in the matter of rates. Willcutt's
refusal to produce the books resulted in
the filing of an application by the com
mission for a writ of mandate to compel
Willcutt to obey the summons of the com
mission. . . ¦ ' • .'. •
In the petition for the writ it was set
forth that on April 14, 1S96, the commis
sion determined to investigate the affairs
cf the Market Street Railway Company
with the object in view of "establishing
proper charges" for the carrying of pas
sengers. It was necessary that the books
of the company be examined and in conse
quence on August 1I> of the same year
Secretary Willcutt was subpenaed to ap
pear before the commission and furnish
it with the information desired.
Judge Seawell Sustained.
On September 7, the date set for "the
hearing, Mr. Willcutt, accompanied .by
Attorney Foshay Walker, appeared before
the board and refused to comply with the
demand of the commission. Suit to com
pel compliance wa3 brought, the commis
sion claiming the light to examine tho
company's books and accounts. The
company filed answer denying that tho
Market Street Railway Company was a
transportation company and denied the
commission's claim to the right to fix the
rates. V
The action was heard- by Judge Seawell,
argument on; the status of the defendant
corporation occupying several days. At
the end of the hearing Judge Seawell held
that the contentions of the company were
correct. Hence i he refused to issue i tho
writ and dismissed the action. Judge Sea
well's decision has been sustained by the
Supreme Court and the Market Street
Railway Company has won a substantial
victory.,. --'. :. ' . ' ¦ "¦•'."
Railroad Board Cannot
Fix Streetcar
Rates.
LIMITS POWERS
OF COMMISSION
FEARS FRANCE
IS IN PERIL
Condemned Royalist Se
cretly Returns to
Paris.
The letter caused much stir in the lob>
bles of the Senate. The Marquis de Lur-
Saluces sought refuge in Belgium, where
he was closely watched by the police,
whom he succeeded in eluding and: re
turned-to his mansion in Paris a few days
ago. ;. " • ¦ ¦ .. V .:•' i .-.¦¦
"At the present moment, when the Gov
ernment ' of ithe republic Is striving des
perately "to ruin industry and commerce,
paralyze national work, disorganize the
army and" destroy religious faith— in a
word, to utterly destroy the fatherland it
self — I intend to provoke another public
discussion before the high court on the
question of who are the real authors of
the conspiracy threatening the existence
of France. , I hold myself at your dis
posal." ' . . • .
PARIS, May 15.— Another convocation of
the French Senate as the high court of
France Is promised by the unexpected re
turn to this country of the Marquis de
Lur-Saluces, the well-known Royalist and
former member of the Chamber of Depu
ties, who, in January, 1900, at the time of
the conspiracy trials, was condemned, in
default of appearance, to ten years' ban
ishment for treason. The president of the
Senate, M. Fallieres, received a letter to
day. In which the Marquis says:
fornia met yesterday morning at tbe col
lese clinical rooms.
The entire forenoon was devoted to In
teresting clinics, which were witnessed by
a large number of the alumni. Among the
clinics presented were the following: -_
••Exhibit in Orthodontla," Dr. H. d. Allen;
"Bridge Work.". Dr. F. G. Balrd; "Exhibit
of Students' Work," Dr. C. H. Bowman:
"Gold Filling by Hand Pressure." -pi. W. M.
Herrington; "Adjustment of -Logan Crown."
Dr. J. D. Hodgen; "Deiftonstratlon with De
Trey's Gold," Dr. L. Van Ordeni "Seamless
Crowns," Dr. C. N. Post: "Exmbit Radio
graph of Teeth In Mouth," Dr. R. Hale.
The afternoon was spent in Inspecting;
the Affiliated Colleges buildings and In the
election of officers for the ensuing year,
which resulted as follows:
President, Fred G. Balrd, D. D. S.; vice
president. Joseph A. Jeffrey. D. D. S. ; record
ing secretary, Charles H. Cowman. D. D. S. ;
corresponding secretary. William M. Herrinar
ton, D. D.. ; S. : treasurer. H. G. Allen, .D. D. S.
The meeting closed with a banquet at
the Palace Hotel. Dr. Charles Lllton
acting as toastmaster. The following
toasts and - music composed the pro
gramme:
"Examinations." Dr. C. I*. Gdddard; "Reci
tations," Dr. M. J. Sullivan; solo, Dr. B. M.
Stitch: "The Class of 1901." Dr. G. S. -31111
berry; sclo. Dr. Gilbert F. Graham; "Reminis
cences." Professor J. C. Merrlsran; "Th«* Rela
tionship of Dentistry to Medicine," Dr. W.
W. Kerr; "The Ladles," Dr. J. Swan.
TorlV-eight graduates of the class of
1901 were welcomed into the association,
raising its total membership to over 400.
DENTAL COLLEGE ALUMNI
ASSOCIATION IN SESSION
Banquet at Palace, Presided Over by
Dr. Charles Lilton, Closes
Event.
The Alumni Association of the dental
department of the University of Call-
Tossi claims that Marlanl and two other
boys attacked him as they were leaving
the church. Realizing his Inability to
cope with, them, he claims, he picked up
a stone whfeh was lying at his feet and
hurled it at Mariani. whom, he claims, was
his principal tormentor. Seeing the blood
spurt from his victim's head, he ran to
his home and notified his parents of what
had happened. Yesterday when apprised
of the death of Mariani he wept bitterlv
and asked to be taken to the bier of the
dead boy. -. .
"I 'didn't mean to hurt him," he tear
fully remarked. "I threw the stone, in
tending to scare him."
Tcssl was taken before Coroner Leland.
and after being interrogated was allowed
to return to his home. The parents will
have him present at the inquest, which
is to be held to-day. • ; -
streets last Thursday was attacked by
two other boys, one of whom threw a
stone, striking him on the head, causing
a fracture of the skull. The unfortunate
lad;Tvas at once removed to his home at
1107 Montgomery street, ' where he died
Tuesday night from the effects of the In
jury lie received.
Before becoming unconscious he ac
cused Baptista Tossi. aged 13 years, of
having Inflicted the wound.
Tossi lives at 810% Battery street. He
was placed under arrest by 'Detective Ri
ordan shortly after the death of his vic
tim was reported to the police, but aa
his parents promised -to have him at the
inquest no formal charge ' was placed
against him. " ».- V" *
SLAYS HIS PLAYMATE
WITH A COBBLESTONE
Charles Mariani Dies From Effects of
a Wound Inflicted by a
Companion.
Charles Mariani, aged 11 years, while
leaving a church at Filbert and Dupont
Mrs. Luthlna Callaghan was arrested
yesterday by Policeman Laws on a war
rant charging her .with battery. The
complaining 1 witness Is Mrs. Mary E.
Balkwell, 1160 Harrison street, who Is a
neighbor of Mrs. Callaghan and ' has a
common right to the yard at the rear of
the house. Saturday Mrs. .Balkwell was
In the yard hanging out clothes to* dry
when a fox-terrier belonging to Mrs. Cal
laghan annoyed her. She was driving
the /dog away when, Mrs. Callaghan ap
peared on the scene, grabbed hold of her
back hair, threw her to the ground and
dragged her around the yard, blackening
both her eyes and otherwise injuring her.
She had to summon a physician and was
unable to leave her bed till yesterday. .
"Women Neighbors 1 Quarrel.
Bertram Cox, better known as "Tom
my" Ccx. the Australian pugilist, has
been sued for divorce. Alice Lillian Cox.
the girl- wife of the pugilist, alleges in her
complaint, which was filed yesterday, that
though she has been married but six
weeks her husband no longer cares for her
and admits it, and that he shows his lack
of affection by sundry acts of brutality.
- Mrs. Cox alleges that since she maYrled
her husband he ha3 cursed and abused
her, threatencl to beat and choke her,
and in fact, did strike hfer on one occasion.
For these acr.s of cruelty Mrs. Cox de
mands a decree of divorce and such other
relief as the court may see fit to grant.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Marie A. Tully from Oscar ,W.
Tully for cruelty, and Mary A. Masnry
from Wyseman M. Ma3ury on statutory
grounds.
Suits for divorce were filed by Dolly T.
Reilly against Thomas J. Keilly for de
sertion, and Joseph Cuneo against Isa
bella Cuneo for desertion.
PUGILIST COX DEFENDANT
IN A SUIT FOR DIVOSOE
The preliminary " examination of. Dr.
Kobert B. Bunker on the charge of mur
der in connection with the death of Jane
Bouillagmet, a governess, was commenced
bef orb Judge Cabanlss yesterday after
noon. I The defendant was represented by
Attorneys Hosmer and Kelly. The wit
nesses examined were Miss "Adele Cearles,
a friend of. the decedent; Mrs. Jules Levy,
2510. Jackson street, where she was em
ployed as governess, and Mrs. Emma Sid
dall, a nurse at 1609 Jackson street." Their
evidence was about the same as given at
the Coroner's inquest.' The case was con-"
tlnued till May 21.
Dr. ! Blinker in Court.
The Grand Jury submitted a report yes
terday regarding the condition of the
County Jails and the nuisances existing in
the University and Bay View districts.
It recommends that the Sheriff be allowed
$1350 to improve Jail No. 1, $9400 for repairs
to jail No. 2 and also' a sufficient sum to
repair jail No., 3.
The report concludes: - .
"We have examined the statement of
expenditures by the Sheriff furnished to
the Mayor January 11, 1901, and believing
the same to be correct have to congratu
late the people of this city upon having a
Sheriff who has conducted , his business
efficiently and humanely at a saving of
$34,g45 86 over the average expenditures of
the preceding six years."
Regarding the south $nd nuisances the
Grand Jury requests the Supervisors to
cause the dairies and. cattle corrals to be
removed from- that section- on the ground
that their maintenance, deters the Im
provement of adjacent property.
GRAND JURY COMMENDS
SHERIFF ! LACKMANN
Calls Attention to Large Saving Ef
fected by Him During His
Administration.
'•'» W. H. « Young,: a ¦; restaurant-keeper on
Kearny street, was permitted to employ
three special- policemen. His place is be
ing boycotted* by the cooks and waiters.'
Several attorneys appeared- before- the
commission and Intimated that unless the
order ' revoking certain ; licenses was not
set aside -an appeal : would be taken to
the courts to determine the authority of
the board to arbitrarily close saloons. .-
.': The question of , granting' new licenses
to the - saloons recently closed in ;the
neighborhood of the Presidio occupied the
time of ! the -Police, Commissioners last
night. '. . . . :. - .
Will Fight Police Commission.
CARRIED KNOCKOUT DROPS— William
Johnston was sentenced to the County Jail for
five months by Judge Cabanlss i yesterday for
having- two r bottles, of ¦ knockout - drops In his
possession. He was . arrested •_ early. • Sunday
morning by Policemen Kavanaugh and ; Fowle
on ' Kearny street - while in company with a
Mtflcr. \ ¦ ¦ , . ¦ •
John J. McCall was arrested last night at
the corner of Fourth and Market streets
by, Officers Clancey and Thomas Flynn on
a : charge of attempting" to /commit grand
larceny, which was preferred against him
by Frank P. Pinkley. Pinkley claims that
while he was walking along Market street
In the company of another man and
two young ladies he was struck across the
hi east by McCall, who then attempted
to seize his. watch. Pinkley. resisted the
attempt and turned McCall over to the-
Arrested for Larceny.
hard to say 'how many volts passed
through Feeney's body, as there was no
one in the room where' the indicator is at
the time of the accident, but I should not
say that it was less than 16,000. The wires
are capable of carrying more but at the
time the voltage was Tow on account of
the small demand for power."
Coroner Mehrmann held the induest to
night at -8 o'clock, the jury returning a
verdict of accidental death.
?¦•%•*¦! > nTnT»iT«»T«i?ii'.tT,. t ..*,.*,,W*" > -- *--»- -»-»-. t!»-.t: /•.
President McKinley met the members of
his Cabinet last evening at an informal
conference, which took place in the resi
dence of Daniel W. Earl, 2121 Laguna
street, adjoining the temporary home of
the Chief Executive.
The various members of the Cabinet and
the ladies of their families attended a
reception held by Mr. and Mrs. Henry T.
Scott, who are residing at the Earl house
during the occupancy of their home by
President and Mrs. McKinley.
The affair was not a reception in the
general sense of the word and lasted but
a short time. While the ladies of the
Presidential party met In one apartment
the President and his Cabinet met in an
other room.
When the Cabinet .Ministers had as
sembled word was conveyed to the Presi
dent in the adjoining house and he walked
with Henry T. Scott from onoresidence to
another. The Chief Executive had a
troubled appearance but, in his sorrow,
caused by his wife's illness, he had a.
smile and a greeting- for the police and de
tective guard and newspaper representa
tives assembled in the front of the Scott
residence.
At the conference held by the President
and his Cabinet It was decided that the
Cabinet should not attend any functions
to-day and word was sent to the local re
ception committee that the trip to Tam
alpals was to be canceled.
Regarding the other events, scheduled
for this afternoon and evening, the recep
tion committee was informed that the
Cabinet officers could say nothing definite
until noon to-day. The movements of
the Cabinet depend on the condition of
Mrs. McKinley and it is possible that the
members of the President's official family
may decide to take no part in any of the
programmed events of the week.
After the conference the President
walked from the Earl home to the Scott
residence and in the short walk he com
mented on the dense fog that was drifting
over the locality, shrouding the guards
surrounding the Scott home.
Greatest Apprehension Is Felt.
The condition of Mrs. McKinley re
mained the same last evening as during
the day. She was reported to have taken,
some liquid nourishment, but the great
est apprehension was felt lest, in her
weakened condition, the spark of -, life
might go out.
When Mrs. McKinley is conscious she
recognizes the President and he is con
stantly by her side.
"Doctors Gibbons, ¦ Hirschfelder and
Rixey held another consultation last
evening, previous to the President meet
ing the Cabinet. The report of the doc
tors was not given out, but Private Secre
tary Cortelyou announced that there was
no change in- the condition of the distin
guished patient.
Since Sunday night the President has
been constantly by the bedside of his wife
and it was only in the hope of her recov
ery that the news of Mrs. McKinley's se
rious condition was held back from the
public The strain whicn the President
has undergone in the past few days has
been very trying and he has sacrificed a
great deal in order to try and carry out
his engagements.
President Stays in Sickroom.
During the entire day yesterday the
President never left the. room where his
wife lay, and it was only at the entrea
ties of those about him that he took a
few minutes' walking exercise.
The Cabinet Ministers reluctantly con
sented to carry out the President's wishes
that they attend the commencement exer
cises at Berkeley and visit Oakland, but
they had no heart in the festivities while
their great leader was watching at the
bedside of his sick wife.
The Cabinet officers did not attend the
jinks at the Bohemian Club last evening,
but pent their regrets. The deep gloom
that has fallen on the President is shared
by his official family, and it is likely that
fhey. will not take part in any functions
during the illness of Mrs. McKinley.
Unless there is an Improvement in the
condition of the President's wife this
morning a number of leading physicians
of the city will be called into consultation.
The President has every faith in the
physicians now in attendance on his wife,
but he desires that nothing that science
can do be left undone.
Knights Templar Abandon Parade.
The Knights Templar will abandon their
proposed parade scheduled for to-morrow
afternoon. A meeting of the order was
hejd yesterday, when it was known that
Mrs. McKinley was In a critical condi
tion; and it was decided that the wishes
of the President should be learned before
taking any further steps to hold the pa
rade. The Templars will learn to-day that
he will not participate in any events in
this city and in deference to his desires
the Templars will not carry out the pro
posed celebration.
This morning Dre. Gibbons, Hirschfel
der and Rixey will hold a consultation
and the result of the meeting Is awaited
with anxiety by the millions of people
who sympathize with President McKinley
in his hour of sorrow.
' JACQUES* CASE CONTINUED— The pre
liminary examination of Thomas G. Jacques
and hiu wife, Caroline E. Jacques,' charged
with kidnaping the old man, Joseph O'Hare,
was called in Judge Cabanlss' court yesterday
afternoon and continued till this morning on
account of the illness j of the male defendant.
lowed the cutting off of the current with
the result that Feeney's lifeless body was
found lying- in a heap on the roof. Just
above the body stretched the wires
charged with from sixteen to twenty
thousand volts of electricity, which had
been the agents of death. These are the
main transmission wires of the Bay Coun
ties Power Company and they carry the
electricity 140 miles from the Yuba' River.
They enter the power-house through the
roof at the point where Feeney was work
ing.
That Feeney should have come In con
tact with the wires is accounted strange
by his employers. He was more than or
dinarily cautious about his work, they
say, and never moved about without first
ascertaining if it was safe to do so. The
most plausible explanation is that the dead
man slipped down the corrugated iron
roof upon the wires below him, the lum-
OAKLAND, May 15.— Sixteen thou
sand volts of electricity Instantly
killed Thomas J. Feeney this
morning at the Piedmont Power
house of the Oakland Transit
Company. There were no witnesses to the
accident and just how it happened is not
known.
Feeney lived with his wife and three
children at 1570 Filbert, street and was
employed as a carpenter by Contractor
Harry Wharton, who is doing some work
for the Bay Counties Power Company,
which furnishes electricity to the Oak
land Transit Company. He has been
working steadily for three weeks past
with the power company and to-day he
was to have finished up his. employment
and quit the place. ¦ .
Feeney started to work at the power
house at 8 o'clock this morning and a few
minutes afterward he was ordered by tho
superintendent of construction to go to
the roof of the building for some timbers
that had been left there. They were to
have been used as supports for a water
tank being built in another section of the
Feeney did not return alive. The first
warning that something had happened
came through the "growling* of tho
transformer in tho engine-room. , The
BOUNTY BILLS
WRECK TREASURY
Gopher Tails in Utah
Too Numerous for
a County.
SALT LAKE, May 15.— Gophers, at 5
cents a head, have brought practical
bankruptcy to % the county of Tooole,
Utah. They multiplied so rapidly as to
become a veritable plague, and enterpris
ing men, and school boys as well, have
profited so much by killing them and re
caiving bounty for their tails that the
County Commissioners not only have abol
ished the practice of paying bounties, but
also have been compelled to cancel bids
for the erection of a new county jail be
cause nearly all the treasury funds have
been paid out for .gopher tails.
A few weeks ago the rodents became so
bad that the County Commissioners of
fered a bounty of 5 cents, apiece for them.
In a -few days the schoolhouses of the
county were practically without pupils,
nearly every boy, armed with traps and
poison, being out in the fields and prairie
hunting gophers. Men joiped in the hunt.
The little animals were slaughtered by
thousands, and one day the county paid
out $800 in bounties. So great became tne
drain that notice has now been published
abolishing the bounty and bringing an end
to a very flourishing Industry. The notice
came too late to save the treasury, but in
the meantime the county has been rid of
a pest that was bringing ruin to every
farmer. I
\
transformer is an Important part of an
electric power plant and when anything
crosses the wires or m any way Interrupts
ths circuit it indicates that there Is a dis
turbance by making a rumbling . noise
like an overheated boiler.
Aroused by Transformer.
Constructing Engineer A. W. Babcock,
as 'soon as he noticed this manifestation,
rah to the instrument that controls the
current and shut it cff Instantly.
An examination of the premises fol-
TIVOLI COMPANY SEEKS
WOODS FOR RECREATION
Opera-Singers Enjoy Outing as the
Guests of Mrs. Ernestine .
Kreling.
The members of the Tlvoli Opera Com
pany held their annual outing near El
Campo . yesterday, with Mrs. ; " Ernestine
Kreling as hostess, and the affair was a
big success. The party to. the number of
forty left this city In the morning and
crossed the bay to Tiburon. Here
launches were pressed Into service and a
pleasant spot on the Marin hills was se
lected for the day's enjoyment.
"Teddy" Hartman was president of the
day and under his direction, and with
"Doc" Leahy as timekeeper, a programme
of athletic events was carried out. The
first event was a swimming match be
tween Hartman and "Cupid" Newbauer,
which resulted in a dead heat. Paul Stein
dorff, the musical director of the com
pany, won the; fat man's race In a close
finish with Michael Voisin. keeper of the
back door, who is said to be handicapped
with a broken leg. . -. • ~ • •
Harry Cashman won the prize for
throwing the hammer he being: a "promi
nent" of the "Anvil Chorus." The ham
mer nearly killed a calf in the adjoining
field and the irate owner had . to be paci
fied with some of the edibles and drink
ables which the party brought along for
its own delectation. Maud French caught
the first fish of the day and won a pair
of shoes. The fish weighed two ounces
and will bo preserved as a -memento of
the occasion. The hopping race was won
by a Japanese who doe3 . not use any
"hop." Arthur Cunningham, the hand
some barytone of the company, won the
female race, and Annie Myers got so sea
sicjc that she gave up her part in the next
piece. "Ted" Webb was accused of fixing
the races and winning all the money in
sight, and "Freddy" Kavanagh "snap
shotted" the whole crowd. •
An amusing feature of the day was the
rescue of Harry Cashman from one of the
recks In Raccoon Straits. He missed the
boat and hired a launch, in which he pro
ceeded to Tiburon. • He ran high and dry
on the rock and an improvised life-saving
crew took him off to. slow music. The
following named made up the picnic cast:
Arthur Cunningham, Edward Webb, Joseph
Fogarty, Harry Cashman, Thomas Guise, Fred
Kavanagh, Joseph Fogarty, Arthur Boyce, Fer
ris Hartman, Maggie Frances Leavy. Cora. Har
ris, Aimee Leicester, Annie Myers. Josie Davis;
Maud French, Flora Norris and Belle Heath.
ber he was after having been above them.
, Body Almost Unrecognizable. • '
When Engineer Babcock and a force of
men climbed to . the roof they found a
charred and almost unrecognizable body.
A rope was employed to lower the body to
the ground. Dr. Cunningham was called
from near by, but he said there was no
hope. Afterward the Coroner was noti
fied and the remains were removed to the
morgue. '."¦•
"It is very evident that Feeney lost his
footing," said Engineer Babcock, com
mentihgfupon the accident. "The moment
he touched the wires he was killed. He
probably never knew what struck him. I
called a doctor, just for the sake of do
ing scmething, for there have been cases
where men have been revived three hours
after being struck by electricity. It is
At the commurication of the Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows yesterday the recommendation of
Grand Master W. W. Watson that thera
be built as an adjunct to the home at
Thermalito a hospital for the proper
treatment of the Invalids tjiere was adopt
ed and the trustees were authorized to
expend for such purpose a sum rot to ex
ceed $3000. Grand Master Watson's other
suggestions that there be a smoklnic
room apart from the library and improve
ments in the barber and the shoemaker
shop, which will involve but small ex
pense were also adopted. The action of
the Grand Lodge In appropriating the sum
named for a hospital is taken as a slsn,
that a possible removal from Thermalito
will not take place for some years.
The report of the special committee en
site for a new. home was adopted. Th»
only recommendation In that report was
that the Alum Rock site, known as the
White tract, should be accented contin
gent upon Santa Clara, fulfilling certain
conditions. On this point the report says:
Your committee has learned, to its great re
gret, that there is grave doubt as to the abil
ity of the Odd Fellows and citizens of Santa
Clara County to raise the money required to
purchase the White ranch. The price asked
Is $20,000. and, while not considered unreason
able, is such that we would not, under all
the circumstances, advise the Grand Lodge to
purchase the property. In case (he Santa
Clara County Odd Fellows and citizens renew
their generous offer, and pledge themselves to
raise the needed money and donate the White
ranch to the order, subject to reasonable con
ditions as to time of building, your committee
would unanimously recommend lta acceptance
by this Grand Lodge." -
The report of the committee of the trus
tees of the home was adopted exceot that
portion relative to expenditures.
An announcement was made that lh»
daughter of an Odd Fellow, a resident of
Los Angeles, 'was in distress. The hat
was passed around and the sum of $110
was secured.
' A great- part of the afternoon session
was taken up in the discussion of appeal
cases. .
In the evening the Initiatory work was
exemplified by Fidelity Lodge, and then
followed the third degree given by Apollo
Lodge.
This morning the special order will be
the election of grand officers Immediately
after roll call.
CALIFORNIA BEBEKAHS.
The Orphans' Home at Gilroy to Be
Improved.
The report of the trustees of the Or
phans' Home at Gilroy was the principal
topic of discussion yesterday at the ses
sion of the Rebekah assembly. The sug
gestions of the trustees were fully consid
ered and the latter were authorized to
purchase a five-acre tract adjoining on ths
west of the present site. It was also de
cided to authorize the trustees to give th»
children, within the limit of funds, on
hand, instruction in telegraphy a3 sug
gested by the president of the assembly,
dressmaking, cooking and lessons and In
structions in other useful occupations as
far as practicable.' •
During the day a number of voluntary
contributions of monev to the home fund
were received and more were promised.
Past Grand Master L. I* Alexander de
livered an interesting address on th* Re
bekah branch of the order.
: In the evening District Deputy Mrs.
Eola M. Cyrus and her staff of officers
gave an exemplification of the Installation
work with that skill" which, during: the
year expiriung, won so much commenda
tion for those who took part in it. This
was followed by an address by Past
Grand Master Barnes and an exhibition
drill by San Francisco Rebekah Drill
Corps No. 2, under command of Captain
Allie Parker.
The special order of business to-day will
be the election of officers.
Delegates to Communication
Vote $3000 for Build
ing Hospital.
It Will Not Be Moved
From Thermalito for
Many Years.
ODD FELLOWS'
HOME REMAINS
Continued From Page Three.
President Continues to' Spend
Nearlu All His Time
With Wife.
Slams Door in the Face
of Her Murderous
Husband.
His Brain.
»
Would-Be Slayer Then Sends
* a Bullet Through
Special Dispatch to The Call.
\
LOS ANGELES, May 15.— "We will both
die together!" shouted Henry W. Wittmer
about 8 o'clock to-night, as he pointed a
revolver at his wife; but Mrs. Wittmer
was too quick for him, and springing ln
eide the door, she slammed it shut and
bolted it.
Wittmer, muttering some incoherent ex
clamation, 'then placed the revolver's
muzzle In his mouth ahd pulled the trig
ger. The bullet pierced his brain and he
fell dead. He was found lying in a pool
of blood when excited neighbors rushed
to the scene upon hearing the shots.
It was some time before the distracted
wife emerged from the house where the
shooting occurred, which is located at 330
Edgeware road, just south of Temple
street, in a rather isolated locality. She
was taken to the home of her father, J.
H. Disler, who resides at 1247 Iona street,
close to the scene of the tragedy.
When seen at her father's home Mrs.
Wittmer, who, despite her claim to the
age of nineteen, is little more than a child
In appearance and action, told a sad story
of a hurried and romantic marriage and
Its tragic ending.
"I met Hermann last September in
Fresno," said the. "and we were married
after an acquaintance of but two \veek3.
The ceremony took place on October 1,
1900, and I lived with my husband only
three days, returning to my parents' home
on October 7."
The following note, addressed to his
brother, Adolph Wittmer, at the Garfield
Hotel, Tacoma, Wash., was left by the
suicide:
Dear Brother: As I am about to commit an
act of which none of our family is guilty of
I ask you to forgive me. You will hear from
other parties cf my sorrow.
Adoif. I am mad, so please look over this
this time. You will find out all about it in
the newspapers, so my last grood-bv to you.
Your brother. HERMANN WITTMER.
McKINLEY ATTENDS
CABINET MEETING
WIFE'S AGILITY
SAVES HER LIFE
LONDON. May 15.— Borne dramatic de
tails regarding- English action during the
(panic in American stocks have cone into
the possession of a representative cf tlM
Associated Press. It appears thst last
I Sunday the senior partner of the largest
j arbitrage concern summoned a meeting nt
• a private house where Mr. Morgan, Lord
' Rothschild and others were present. He
' declared that if the buying In of Northern
Pacific shares was not stopped his firm
must announce themselves defaulters.
Scarcely were the words out of his mouth
before his hearers realized that such a
step would mean an immediate loss of
i.16.000,000 to the London Stock Kxchange.
Lord Rothschild and Mr. Morgan, con
trary to all the rules of Capel Court,
. pledged their word that there ivou.d be no
further buying in of Northern Pacific.
Narrow Escape of Many Houses.
It is generally realized that if this arbi
trage concern had not been able to get
its needs met London would have felt the
¦ effects for three years and houses whose
rames are historic world have been com
pelled to go to the wall, despite the fact
t'nat none of the parties in question had
taken any serious initiative in the fight
Lctwc-en the Amerirari roads.
At Sunday's meeting", when the situa
tion v.\is presented in all gravity. Lord
Rothschild said:
"L-onuon must be saved." and when those
present asreod that the buying in of
Ncrthcrn Pacifies must be stopped he re
marked "Wo have gained the day."
One of the leading London stock brok
f is fa'.d to-day:
"The whole development of the last few
(lays merely shows how much we are in
the nower of New York."
The Daily Telegraph's financial article
this morning says:
"If tt-.e rival groups arrange their dif
lrrenc<?s the real values of the different
American securities will remain the same
as befcre the panic occurred, since the
prosperous conditions on which the re
cent advances were based still exist."
Compromise Will Follow.
XEW YORK. May 15.— The Press trill
fav to-mcrrow: Compromise will follow
the test if or control of the Northern Pa
cific. One faction has control of the ma
j ferity of the common and preferred
shares together, while the other faction
has absolute control of a majortiy of the
common shares, the directorate and the
properly. The question to be discussed
pending the compromise will be a legal
one and hinges upon two interesting and
n*Tvel issues.
Under the articles of incorporation "the
company" has a right to retire the pre
ferred stock. Just what "the company"
is the contestants must decide*. If "the
company'' includes the directors and the
common stockholders, the Morgan party
can retire the preferred stock, thus wiping
art even a chance of a majority stock
holders' vote by the Kuhn-Loeb-Harrl
rrtin-Stillman combination.
It is the ceneral acceptance among rail
road bankers that for this reason control
of the property still rests absolutely with
the firm of Morgan & Co. and its associ
ates.
Continued From Second Page.
GOVERNOR NASH ;
TALKS TO ALUMNI
California ani its in
stitutions.
BuGkeue State Executive Praises
N Stoppage in Northern Pacific
*Npuying Saves Houses
• From Ruin.
MEH OF MONEY
TO THE RESCUE
«. —
Rothschild and Morgan
Check the Panic
in London.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 15.
', W, F. Darling, superintendent of the
San Lorenzo Water Company, committed
suicide at 5:30 o'clock this morning at his
residence in Haywards by shooting him
self in the head with a revolver, instantly
killing himself. !
The deed was the result of despondency
caused in part by ill-health brought on by
intoxicants. In which Darling had been
heavily indulging of late.
Shortly before Darling ended his life his
daughter went to his bedroom to greet
him, as' was her custom. He kissed the
young woman and bade her good-by. As
she stepped out and closed the door Dar
ling pulled the pistol from under his pll
le(w, where he had concealed it, and plac
ing the muzzle at his head, pulled the
trigger. - t-
Miss Darling heard the shot and rushed
back to the room, only to find her father
dead.
He had been complaining to friends dur
ing fits of despondency and had threat
ened in the hearing of Town Trustee
Bruner to shoot himself.
His wife and daughter resided with Dar
ling at his home on B street. They moved
to Haywards from Marysville eight-years
ago.' He was eonnected ', there, as here,
with the water ¦ works. Darling was a
member of Eucalyptus Lodge of Masons
and of Sycamore Lodge of Odd Fellows,
both of Haywards. He was a veteran of
the civil war,, and sixty-three yeara of
age.
Drink Leads Water Works
Superintendent to Self- £
Murder.
f wards.
Aged W. F. Darling Com
mits Suicide at Hay-
KILLS HIMSELF
WITH REVOLVER
THE I SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY J6,_ 1901^
Carpenter Sent to Roof of -Piedmont Rower-House to Make Rep
Misses Footing and Falls Across Fatal Wires, Receiving Force of
16,000 Volts of Electricity and Meeting, With Instant Death
MOANING OF THE TRANSFORMER
MAKES KNOWN FEENEY'S FATE
13
"What a luxury Pears'
soap is!
It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all- the
world.
AH sorts of people use It, all sorts of stooao
•ell it, especially druggists.THU^SAN FKAI^CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 16, ¦ipOT.
14
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, ccroer cf Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Monteomery etreet.
corr er Clay; open until *:J0 p. m.
500 Hajes 6treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
fSS McAllister street; open until »:30 p. in.
n5 Larkln etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
l?4l Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
22C! Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
ontil S p. m.
ICC Eleventh etreet : open until 9 p. m.
1CI6 Valencia street: open untl 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
mcVv strwt*: open ontli 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena .,„.
Lodee of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. vr
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be S\
held in Commandery »Hall. Masonic Jq\
Te:r.ple, on THURSDAY EVENING, &3T
May 16 1901, at S o'clock. Degree 4th.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MRS. WILLIAM MeKIXLEY- Dear Sis- _ZgT
irr- California Chapter No. 1S3, O. E. gf\fkt
p requests the honor of your presence
_t the meeting of the chapter SAT- ¦
ITRDAT EVENING. May 18. 190L at 9
o'clc-k, Pan Francisco. ¦* •"'.'"¦-.
tJaSZSK TONNINGSEN. Worthy Matron.
ISADORA HORTOK. Secretary.
MITPION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— __
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) J\^
EVENING. 7:30 „' clock. By order of J^ft
thC H " F > JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
California Lodge No. 1. f. and a a
M. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) Jr^
HVENING. May 16, at 7 o'clock. Third
degree. Bv order of the Master. •
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and ft
\ M will attend funeral of Brother^V#
<;__HARD HAGENMEYER of Jlen-SX
docino Lodge No. 179. at Masonic Tern-
r.1*. TO-DAY (THURSDAY) at 1 P. m. By
ord>r of W. M. EDWIN L. MEYER. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. ¦««?£_£¦ J_
M.-Snecial meeting THIS (THURS-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First
degree. Masons cordially invited. By I V *
order of the W. M. '
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SO1TTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
•>-,¦> F. and A. M.. meets THIS __A
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 O
o'clock for teeond degree. By order '^V •
cf th? Master. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
HaTiMON Y" Lod?e No. 13. I. O. O. o«__i^,
F -The officers and the funeral
committee of the above named
Jrx»<re are hereby notified to as-
semble ?.t Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market
an<l Seventh Fts., on THURSDAY. May 16. at
1:30 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late brother. Emll Lubeck.
By orUer of the N. G. CHAS. QUAST.
Financial Secretary.
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. .$_*S__»
112. I. O. O. F. Initiation TO- _j5^_2p^&
R. F. KINSMAN, N. G.
A. O. H.. Division No. 2.— Funeral no-^e^Wft
tice. — The officers and members of
DiviErion No. 2 are hereby requested iftvjB
to assemble at Hibernia Hall, 120J_Xs?
Ninth st., at 8 o'clock a. m., to attend »^2fe
the funeral of our late brother, LUKE
KELLY. Members of sister divisions are cor-
dially invited. By order of
JOHN KENNEY, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Sec.
THK Brotherhood of Teamsters will /rfTSv
hold its first annual picnic on SAT- /T&xrjk
niDAT, May 18. at Schuetzen Park. C?7_f3
Members are requested to meet at v"">jPy
Teutonia Hall at 7:30 a. m. and > >_J«'
march in a body to the ferry.
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN. Secretary.
A SPECIAL meeting will be held by Local
. Union 13L U. G. W. of A., at 117 Turk St..
on THURSDAY, May 16, at 8 pi n. Impor-
tant business to be transacted. All members
are requested to be present. j
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Olympic
Sal< Water Company will be held at tha
office of tlie company. 3£7 Market st.. San
Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 27th day
of May. BOl, at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., j
for the pv.rcosp of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and the I
trar.yar-'aon of such other business as may j
come before the meetinp. Transfer books
will close on Friday. May 17. 1&01. at 3
o'clock p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec. j
Office ZT1 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal. j
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
reived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process frcm Charles Lilly and W. E. Emery,
in the Avalanche mine, near Vallicita. Cal-
rvcras O_nly. to deposit tailings In Grape-
vine Gulch: and from W. J. Cox and F. E.
Keesy, in the Taylor dirsings. near Taylors- |
ville. Plumas County, to deposit tailings in
Hinchman Creek, gives notice that a meet-
ing \r*]\ be held at room E9. Flood builulnsr.
P?n Francisco. Cal.. on May 27, -19QL at
1 :3O p. m.-
~~AGEXTS WANTED. ~ ~
AGENTS— Dc you want something more proflt-
cble and cssior to t"*l\ than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ABLE FOlicitorF can earn $1W per week on our
jimpoFitiors. American Exploration Co., 1413 1
1 Call building.
ADOPTION.
G°OD he— 'p cr>en f°r healthy boy and girl ha-
Wm. M"5. DR. FT'NKK. 141« 8th. Alameda.
ASl'HAL/TUM ROOFING. j
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- |
ralrfd; portal. HS6 Mission: trt. Folsom 1607. i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
ro fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FIIANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery St., S. F.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
_ S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Vet Bt.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
5 OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
care;sunny yard:nr.school;reasonab!e.lC07 Cal.
LADY with own home would like 1 or 2 chil-
dren to board: good care. 3218 Sixteenth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^-?2000; BOARDING and livery stable. West- j
era Addition: net rent J4&; clearing above $150 |
per month: large patronage; stock of bug- i
tiers, horses and harness first class. Call R. j
<;. WILKE, 2S',J Kearny Bt. -;¦¦% J
A— :«G0; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 living j
rooms; established years; rent $35: location
.an't be beat and the business is first class.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2P,4 Kearny Et.
A— J1700; ICECREAM parlors and cafe, on Iead-
ing business street; rent, $65; firsts-class pay-
ing establishment: owner compelled by sick-
nets to retire. Particulars. R. G. WILKE,
2614 Kearny ex,
A— $1400: ICECREAM parlor* and candy store;
choice** location; low rent; monthly receipts
1750; value in sight; net profits at least $150
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% K^rny.
A— J1750; CORNER grocery and bar; place es-
tablished years and known as one of the best I
paying corner groceries In this city; location j
one block from Market Et. Particulars It.
G. WILKE, 26Vi Kearny Ft.
A— $1100; RESTAURANT vrlth 7 rooms and
bath; very choicest business location; rent
;Xv: invegtiealc and make an offer; a rare
and (rood chance. Call It. G. WILKE. 26',S
Keamy et, . ;-.•.-•
A— J4C00; SALOON on Market Et.; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $135; sickness In lamily com-
f«?ls owner to sacrifice: _ mint., Call R. G.
WILKE, 2<% Kearny st.
A— CANDY store In Western Addition.... $350
Delicacy ttore; good stock; so opposition. 500
fialorti in business district..... 4500
Salix.n near beach. $400; Ealoon and lodg-
lng-hou^e 800
Photograph gallery: T>ays well; Market st 2000
Merchandise business in good town ' 1200 J
Corner grocery and bar, from $400 up to.. 4000
Stationery. stores, cigar stands, bathhouses, I
delicacy store*, in all parts of city, from $150
up. KITEL'& CO.. 1032 Market gt.
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars,
300 candy and icecream Mores, 500 restau-
rants, 930 stores of all klnds;partnerswanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
' wont to buy a ousintrs call and sec us.
WALTER HAYES _ CO.. 838 Market st.
IJARHnR f'ocp. 3 chairs, with baths; clears $30
week. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Mar-
ket £_____ >
FOR private f— le— Some of best saloons In city.
WALTER HAYES & CO.; 83S Market st.
I HAVE bargains In groceries And bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles. c!«rars, notions,
¦ drug- stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 7S9 Mkt.
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
DUCK and chicken ranch for sale. McLAUGH-
LIN. 777 Market st. v
PARTNER N»-anted in one of the best-paying
butchering businesses In the city: not naces-
sary to understand the business, but muR be
willing to work. 30i5 Sixteenth st.
ONE of the oldest and best-paj-lng saloons In
1 Sacra— lento ; a . great chance to make money:
trial uriven before buying. Business Board
- of Trade, ZX Pine St.; phone Davis 326. -.. •
FOR Sale— Bakery doing a line business;. 2
horses and wagons; all- In first-class condi-
tion. Apply at Snowflake Bakery. Eighth 1
and Cbeeter ste., O«i»«and.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Contlnned. *_
MME. ARNDT. the great 'clairvoyant, t tells
past and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to eveiy-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 215^ Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sights
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles oOc,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium. 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.. cor. 6th
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; la-
dles, 25c|gents\50c_____S__h___________
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SV4 Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6tn.
MME.- AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2oc. 1149 Mission.
MRS MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel.Howard 1S46
MRS. MALLORY, clairvoyant, card reader;
when others fall consult me; 25c. 91< Howard.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy; palmist,^ card read-
er; 2Ec up; leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth gt.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING^
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer, Carpet-Beat-
ing- Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; : 'tel. South 40.
Jones & Co. reliable carpet-cleaners and reno-
vators. 25-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061.
RUDOLPH & CO., Carpet-beating Works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2351.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146. ./
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works.' G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944. '-
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Work?, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
~ CHIROPODISTS. "
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chll-
blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 8 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
60c; plates, $0; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill te»th, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk st, cor. Sutter; o%en Sundays.
A NEW thing In gold filling: no "hammering
as before: absolutely no pain; call Inves-
tigate; examinations free. Ideal Dental Co...
. 8 Eddy St., rooms 44 and 32. <
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.S15*i Geary.nr.Larkin— Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VftOOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. comer Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNC. 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mllinery School-
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market Et.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor fc Mnffatt.
educational;
GALLAGHER^lIARSH College. Parr ott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; ¦. Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand : reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $30: catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
5 F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
6 night sessions: new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $50: individual
instructions; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for tha university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. eve.: est 1S61. Van
der ' Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A /FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 12S6 Market st. :
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners ;¦ business
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures: short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40- 15,
Parrott bldg.: Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
WANTED — A few pupils in all branches in
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
COc. Box E. Call office.
SPANISH lepsons: new practical method; full
course $10. 500 Kearny gt. \
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar. Prof. Merkl. 1G0S
I Mifsion; concert May 29. Union Square Hall.
I ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, wrltlrg.
j etc.; day or eve.: $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTKO-THEHAPUTIC-
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blond & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8'Mason.
employment; offices.
IT ALIAN~ Labor Supply Co.. 24 Montgomery
ave., tel. John 1481, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty - of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Poll;; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all . kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135. •
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072. ,
JAPANESE, -central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1U46 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
t Best hWp. 411% O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework in a private family. Please
call at 2951 Pine st. .
DRESSMAKER, late of New York, wishes to
go out . for $2 a day. Apply to , MRS. N.
AVAHLQUIST, £09 Kearny st. .
COMPETENT ladles' nurse wishes situation In
confinement or as invalid's nurse; reference
given. Cair.2406 Post St.
WANTED by Canadian | Protestant . woman—
Housework and cooking; private family. Call
1503 Market st. . .' \
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
- position. Inquire 207 Montgomery avenue
New Atlantic Hotel.
A WOMAN wishes chamberwork or general
housework; capable; wages $20. Call lll>£
. Minna St.. .- , *
COOK wishes place; sood city references. Call
S05 O'Farrell st., near Larkln.
A waitress wants work. Call 611 Howard
_ street. . . ¦ - ¦ . -. ¦
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants housework
by day or month. $10 to $12 a month. Call
or write 56 Hermann st:, 9 a. m. to 5 p.m.
MRS. REVESS. " .. : •-; . ' -
WNTED by a middle-aged > woman— A- situation
to do housework; Is good plain cook, and neat
worker; no , objection , to ¦¦ short : distance in
country.. 34 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress, . specialist , on . fine
baby clothes, ./wants to take work i home.
820 .Treat ave. '¦ : r -,; ; - ;
JtEFINED woman; housekeeper or • managing
housekeeper for hotel; 'fine cook; no objection
. to country. Box 4130," Call. '/
WOMAN would like to do ud curtains; reas-
onable. 'Box 4148, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-^-FEMALE.
YOUN^woman wishes position In small family
as working housekeeper: references ex-
:• changed. Address R. B., 1941 Mission st. >
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ¦;¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements 'and
subscriptions has been , established at 1096
Valencia st. __________________
EMPLOYMENT WANTEp-^-MALE.
MAN and wife, with' their own help, wish to do
the work and take charge of a ranch; good
. references. J. P., 144 Juniper st.
STENOGRAPHER and office assistant with 6
years' experience ' wishes position in whole-
sale house. Box 4102. Call office.
YOUNG man with 6 years' experience In busy
• office desires position, or will accept any other
kind of work. Box 2105, Call office.
COMPOSITOR wants situation or would Invest
- small capital in _ood country proposition.
Country, box 2015. Call office. ¦ ¦ ¦
A YOUNG man wishes position as under press-
man on pants; 11 months' experience. Call at
215 Sixth st. ' ¦' ¦
WANTED— A position as gardener on private
place or residence; many years' experience;
steady and sober man.- Please address J309
Stockton Bt. v " w \
AN architect and civil engineer wishes to do
work at home; does quick work and at rea-
' sonable prlceB. Address 1033 Union Bt.
JAPANESE young gentle boy wishes position
at housework. T. GEORGE, box 3108, Call.
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes position as cook
or waiter. - Address 931 Sacramento St.; R. T.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. . : ¦ ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
FEATHER RENOyATlINg.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe. 870 Mission, cor. 5th.
v ¦•_ _-._ - PijfAXCiAii. n .-i '^^ nn :
400 SHARES capital stock of Sm#is' Cash
Store at $30 per share, par value $100; 10 per
cent guaranteed on purchase price; a piofit-
aharlng proposition. Apply 27 Market at.
FLATS TO LET.
jJo^JE^N^u^p^T^SC^oTTrooms at 941 San-
chez st. Key at 310^ Waller st.
SUNNY corner, 4 rooms and bath; up-to-date;
$20. 1694 Page St.. corner Clayton.
TWO new elegant flats just finished; 8 rooms,
bath ; rent $42 60.. 1K3 Clay st., near Hyde.
$12 50—299 SHIPLEY, near Sixth, flat 4 rooms,
bath, gas; nice yard.
FLATS TO LET— Famished.
ADULTS; 4 roomsTbath; 2 beds: gas and coal
stoves; all necessaries. 1917 Geary st.' .
MODERN furnished flat, 6 rms. & bath, piano,
etc., to Sept. 1; cheap. 1330 Grove. 3 to 4 p. m.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. I
WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., 123 i
and 132 Ellis st. /
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $4S 50, with No. 7
range.. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HOUSEHOLD goods for sale at 2313 Chestnut
ave., Alameda, Cal.; call Thursday. •
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
Btoves: give us a trial. 1111 Mission st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder,. 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets, etc.
IF you want to sell furn.. mdse.; etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240, Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 92S Howard st.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co., 117 Sutter st. ; tel. James 141.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent,1305 Larkln; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture. " carpets,
planpg. etr. USS Mnrk"t rt.: tel. Jessie 761.
KELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— 2 laundresses for private families,
$30-$35; cook, no washing, 5 family, short dis-
tance country, $35; 8 cooks, German and
American style, with and without washing,
$30-$35; 2 cooks, short order, $10 a week; 4
waitresses for resorts, $20: 2 hotel waitresses,
country, $25: nurse, 1 child. $20; 4 second girls.
$20-$25; kitchen helper for resort. $25: second
cook at summer resort, $30, see party at 11
o'clock here; 4 Protestant girls for house-
work In families of 2. $20-$26; 6 waitresses for
city, family hotels, $20; 8 waitresses for res-
taurants. $8 a week; we want a large number
of girls for housework in both city and coun-
try at $20-$25 per month. Apply to J.F. CRO-
SETT _ CO.. 316 Sutter st. ¦_
WANTED— First-class Scandinavian second girl
with the best of references; a place In either
city or country: wages $25. Can be seen at J.
• F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
AT C. R. HANSE.N & CO 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
¦Waitresses, resort, country and city hotels. $20
Cook and laundress, summer resort.... $30, $30
Woman for cleaning by day $1
Laundress. Institution ..$25
Chambermaids to wait and chambermaid.. $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Any woman or girl looking for situation as
cook houseglrl, second girl, nurse girl, city
or country, can' obtain it at going wages by
applying to . ¦ .
C. K. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
A WOMAN and child as cook, Nevada, see
party here. : ¦'; _
C. R. HANSEN & CO 10< Geary st.
MRS... M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main f575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT A...
5 waitresses, first-class resorts,- $20; 15 wait-
resses, city and country places, $20 and $2o;
4 chambermaids to wait. $20........
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
25 cooks i>nd house airls for city and coun-
try places. $20 and *25. MRS. M. E. DAY
& 1 CO., 335 Geary st.^ . ' ¦ '
2 WAITRESSES. Stockton, $25 per month; wo-
man to cook on small ranch. $20 to $2o. CAL.
EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third ct.
A GIRL or woman of middle age, the latter
preferred, for general housework In country;
family of 2, sometimes 3: quiet home; wages
$10 a month: must be Protestant or of no re-
ligious affiliation. Address P. O. ; box 62,
Centerville, Alameda County, Cal.
WANTED— A mlddle-a^ed girl for < general
housework; 2 In family; small flat; wages
$3 50 per week. 1632 Howard st. ; call from
12 to 3 p. m. -~,
RELIABLE youns person, short distance. In
country, to - assist with general housework
and young children; small summer home; $20.
316 Page at. ¦ —
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers. G. W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission st., cor-
ner Second. '¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦-
HOUSEKEEPER and cook for country ranch;
. to take entire charge; $30 a month. . M. &
O. DEVELOPMENT CO.. 215 Sansome st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress; city references; no
one need apply nqt willing to go to the coun-
try. 1517 Van NefS ave. - v •
WANTED— Honest young girl; assist with chll-'
dren in bakery; wa_es $10. 2S0S Twenty-
fourth st. '
WANTED— Girl to fold papers. Inquire 1139
Market st. ., ¦- ' ¦
GOOD waitress wanted: union house; no Sun-
¦ day work. 9 Dromm st.
YOUNG woman for housekeeper for 2; answer
early. Box 4119. Call ofllce. \ -
YOUNG girl to assist light housework and care
small girl; good home. 1005 Geary st. . . - ..-
OPERATORS wanted In' factory. 723 Market
St., ¦ room 35. ¦ ' .-'.¦¦
IRONERS wanted In lactory on ladles' and
children's wear. 723 Market St.. room 3a.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands at E. MES-
SAGER'S cloak and suit house, 14 j Post st.
WANTED — A ¦ young ' woman with a* knowledge
' of. photography to travel. Box 3104. Call office.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; first-class
wages.. 631 Clay Bt. -• • .
YOUNG girl to assist with housework. 516
. Hayes st. ,, '
YOUNG girl, general housework; two in fam-
ily; 'no washing; wages $15. ; 2722 , Sacramento.
NEAT • girl . for ' light upstairs ' work ; must ' un-
derstand mending. • 1180 O'Farrell St. \ -¦ ¦¦•->;
GIRL for general housework; small family; no
children^ ,806 Treat ave.
WANTED— Good restaurant waitress; wages $7.'
, 7 Taylor st. - . ' ...
3VANTED— Finishers on' cloaks; . high wages/
131 Post st. . ...
NEAT apprentice for dressmaking; paid while
learning.: Spring Valley bids-, room: 129. "
GIRL to : assist " In • light housework.' S19 San-
'/ chez st., ' near ; Sixteenth. : ¦
WANTED— A 4 eirl to assist .with light work
I : and baby. '1010 Bush . st - : ... ; . •' ."
._'HElA WANTED— FEMALE—-Con.
A LADY of Indomitable energy.* poss«rssed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED-^Experienced waitresses; none but
experienced need apply.. 20 Third st. .. '.- x '
NURSEGIRL, 16 or over; wages $io! ' 117A
Bartlett st. ¦ \ .--.-
WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
' about 2S years of age for second work . and
attend grown children; must have good refer-
ence; wages $25 per month. Address P. O.
box 196. San Rafael. ; - ' .
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICHKLS, 531
Mlfgion st. y ' - '.' -'
FIRST-CLASS finisher and button hole maker
on ladies' tailor garments; also apprentice.
BA^tON," Ladles'. Tailor, 22 and 24 Grant ave.
LADY bookkeeper for manufacturing concern:
state experience and salary. Address 1941
Mission st.
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly . taught in 2 wks.;
'.entire course ?5; positions guaranteed; big sal-
¦' ary at start. Hairdressing College, 574 Geary.
YOUNG -girl wishing good home; family one
lady; no washing; light housework. ,2213
' Webster st.' «
COOK and second girl for Alameda; one that
has worked In German or Jewish family pre-
ferred. Box 4150. Call. -
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladles' waists. EAGLESON
¦ CO.. 535 Market st. . ¦ .
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss _ Co.'s
. overall factory, 32% Fremont St. ¦ Apply to
MR. DAVIS. .¦¦•.¦
FIRST-CLASS finisher and operator on vests;
also apprentices. t28 Stevenson st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 60. — 1. this evening. ; '
NEAT, reliable girl for general housework.
1372 Masonic ave., bet. Waller and Frederick.
WANTED— Woman of Intelligence, sympathetic
with sick people. Box {200. Call office. »
'GIRL for general housework. 561 Howard
street. , - .
FIRST-CLASS ladles' hafrdressers. who under-
stand ventilating preferred. 40 Geary st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. t ' ' : -
A— MURRAY & READY. ...Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want 7 a. m. To-day ...'.-
Free Fare...... We Ship To-day...... Free Fare
...... Los Angeles Santa Barbara ......
All Other Divisions in California
150 laborers, no experience required, S. P. R.
R. Co.'s own work, $1 75 and $2 day, free fare
MINERS ...LABORERS MINERS
4 machine miners, new gold mine.... $90
4 single hand miners $75 andj$60
Furnace man, $65; 2 laborers, mines $60
SAWMILLS AND YARDS
CO laborers for the. sawmills, no experience re-
quired, $30 and found, steady job, see boss
here; 25 laborers, sawmills and woods, fare
paid •
5 laborers, factory ...|175 day
150 laborers, city and country.. $1 75 and $2 day
MECHANICAL HELP
Harness-maker, ranch... $40 and found
Woodturner and bandsawyer ?. — $3 day
2 carpenters; millwright; cutoff sawyer;
wheelwright, country shop; 12 blacksmiths
and helpers, ranches and country shops; wood
worker, camp
Blacksmith for ranch, $40 to $52 and found, see
boss here
MISCELLANEOUS
B0 farmers and haymakers $30 and $35
25 milkers, city and country $30 and $35
3 butter- makers; 15 choremen and boys; men
and boys to thin, pick and work in fruit;
choreman and wife, easy place ;
Man and wife for ranch, Nevada, fare paid,
see boss here ...^ • •
Farmer for Nevada, fare paid, see boss here..
.J...... COOKS— BAKERS— WAITERS
50 cooks, city and country......... $40 to $80
B0 waiters, city and country $25 to $40
-Waiter and dishwasher, same mine... $25 & $20
15 bakers, city and country.. $40 to $80
Cook, small fruit'ranch ...$30
....LAUNDRY HELP— KITCHEN HELP
4 cooks, small ranches; porters, bellboys, etc.
..CALL or SEND FOR OUR DAILY LISTS..
Containing thousands of Jobs
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Phone Grant 1S5
WANTED FOR NEW R. R. WORK
Gang of teamsters, Bakersfleld $2
Free Fare Free Fare
Gang of teamsters. Uklah '. $2
Gang of laborers, Uklah ; $2
i ......All for Cal. and N. W. R. R. Co
Free Fare Free Fare
For Chatsworth Park' Big Tunnel
100 tunnelmen $2- $2 50
50 outside laborers around tunnel $l'7o
..........For S. P. Co.'s Own Work
..Santa Barbara and Los Angeles Divisions..
Free Fare Free Fare
- 50 men for country sawmills; 50 tlemakers and
boltmakers; 50 woodchoppers.' milkers, hay-
makers, farmers, choremen ; German and
Scandinavian farms; man to ride horseback
and assist milking, \ summer resort, $25 and
.free fare; 10 blacksmiths; carriage painter,
$50; wheelwright, $50.
.......*.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
German , storekeeper, small summer resort,
one who has tended In a grocery store pre-
ferred; third cook, waiter and dishwasher,
springs hotel, fare advanced; first and second
cook country Jiotel. $100; baker, $30 and fare
paid- 2 waiters," no Sunday work, $10 week;
oysterman, $45; 3 bread bakers, good wages;
2 bellboys, country hotel, $20, 'fare paid; sec-
ond cook, $43; 2 waiters. $30: potwasher, coun-
try hotel ; bellboy with references. $17 50;
baker and pastry cook for sDrines. $50 Scan-
dinavian or German shampooer, north, $40 and
fare: short 'order cooks, $12-$17 week; dish-
washers, country hotels, springs and city, $2o-
$30- night cook, $60; man and wife, private
place, Nevada, $45 and fare 'paid, see party
C 6r R. HANSEN & CO..... Kf4 Geary st.
A BARBAR for a first-class country hotel; ele-
gant opportunity for first-class man. For
'. particulars apply I
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOY. AGENCY..
59 Third st. ubone Bush 405.
50 railroad laborers $1 75 to $2 25 per day
Free fare Free fare. Free fare
10 mill and woodsmen Free fare
10 lumber pliers. ..$35 tc $43 month and board
5 men to make post3 $3 per hundred
10 men to make ties :...:... He; free fare
20 -haymakers.. ...$1 25-to $2 per day & found
20 laborers $185 to $2 per day
20 men for rock.crisher $2 per_ day
f 4 stonemasons $1 to $5 per day
' . Why Idle when you can come to a good
reliable agency and get just what you want.
Come to 59 Third st. '"""
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
Head waiter, country, $40; bellboys. .$15.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St.. room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: . telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Young man as stenographer and
typewriter In mercantile house; must ¦ have
experience; salary $30 per month. Write age,
experience and references to box 3102, Call.
WANTED- Expert bookkeeper with grocery ex-
perience preferred for large mercantile com-
pany; state full record and reference.- Ad-
dress box 4187.- Call office. X
SALESMEN wanted ., to sell | oil stock In a
strong company; liberal proposition. Apply
E32 Market Bt, room 7. ¦ - ¦•
COATMAKER wanted, must do cutting: $20
per week. J. BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Mont-
gomery st. ---> - • ¦'¦
WANTED— A young man between 16 and 20
years for dry goods store; must have experi-
ence. Address box 4103, Call office. ¦ . - .
WANTED— Strong boy to learn a trade. Apply
superintendent THOMAS DAY CO., 725 Mis-
sion st. . - - -¦ : -.
WANTED— Shoefltters on dry and wax thread
machines. WENTWORTH-SWITZERSHOE
CO.," 26 Main st.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
• room '412, . Parrott building.
EXCELLENT opportunity for a man to solicit
for a printing office. Call or. write C.
MARZO; 628 Montgomery st., room 13.
WANTED— Able,' experienced grocery salesmen
•for large mercantile company: state full rec-
>. ord and references.'. Address box 41SS, . Call.
BUSHELMAN wanted at HARSHALL'S. 12
Kenrny st. ¦ , . . ' ¦ . '. '. ¦ s/-'
CAR BUILDERS wanted. Apply J. HAM-
- MOND & CO., Corner Second and Townsend.
ERRAND boy. Mutual Label and Lithographic
Co-., 23 Main st. . . s .:!: ¦¦"¦ - ¦:. ..
WANTED-^-A ¦ shoemaker. FRANK SILVES-
• TRI, 319 Mason st. • ¦ .¦ :.-•
FOREMAN on bread and foreman on cake.' 612
•Kearny 'st.' "¦- -'
BOY wanted..' Mutual Label and Lithographic
... Co.." '23 Main st. r- • . _.
YOUNG man- residing home to ; learn liquor
business. Box* 4101, Call office.
USEFUL : man In bakery. '435. Ellis st.
WANTED--Jones the potter. 433 Ellis st.
WANTED — Bakers, confectioners; and helpers;
no fee. 127. Mason at. ' - - \. ' '•¦ ¦
WANTED-^A good tailor for busheling at 623
..;. Commercial st. -
DISHWASHER .wanted. 560 Howard street.
BOY; carriage painting. ; 107 Jones st. - j
BARBER :-w!th ' about :-. 2 A years' .' experience;
; must be a good shaver. .S04 Bryant, .near 7th.
HELP WANTED— -MALE — Con ____
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corMjUj
S. Navy: able-bodied unmarried men .of *oo«
character, between the ages of 21 an ° s^ L' JJ °{
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not o«r s ««^
Inch, able to read and speak lt j_i
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 4ft Ellis st.. Sap Francisco.
WANTED-Good foreman for pla »»_;«, ™" L _nj
ply at INGLER & YOUNG'S. Fourth ana
Washington sts.,. Oakland.
WANTED-Men to lay composition .roofing:
quick nailers. Call Friday morning. UN*
Washington st.. Oakland. - .
UNDERPRESSERS on pants wanted *>_";>.
WOOD & CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary gt.
WANTED-Hatroom boy. FOSTER'S Dancing
School. 1358 Market St. .
COATMAKER for country. Apply RBISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter Bt. . .
10c SHOP for sale; $63; must be sold this week.
109^ Fifth st. ¦ - '
BAKERS and confectioners wanted; was-es $30
to $S0. 637 Broadway. • "American Bakery.
WANTED-Card writer and sketch artist for
advertising work. Address box 4194, Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 662 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS bread baker toreraaa; &lao ate-
ond hand; good wages. Box 4199, Call office.
COATMAKER wanted to work In store. 3056
Twenty-fourth st. ______
BARBERS— 3-chalr ehop for sale cheap. 14
Turk at.
GET your shoes half-sojed while waiting; 25 0
to 50c. C62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
¦WANTED— Men to le^rn the barber trade; w«
teach the work In 2 tnonths ; donate complete
outfit of tools; give Saturday wages; gratsr
diplomas and pay $16 weekly when compe-
tent; the new barber law increases demand
for our graduates; catalogue and particulars
free. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker;
steady employment to right party and flrst-
claes wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
' CO.. Sacramento. Cal. _____
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion. 127 Mason st., restaurant help of all
kinds; male and female; register at once;
permanent positions; good pay.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to J"""*
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third Bt.; 150 larse
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
2-CHAIR barber shop and bath for sale In best
mining- town In State. See party ' between _5
and 2 at Golden West Hotel. Ellis at.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R...room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman; permanent
position to good man; state references and
salary. Box 4198. Call office. •
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army .hoes'. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalojoie mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Two good city salesmen. "WHITE
SEWING. MACHINE CO.. 300 Post st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits t»
order. NEUHACS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPABD & CO.. attys.,
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 3H.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH *office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
HORSES ASP WAgOffg^^^
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
GOOD business horse and new bug^y for sale;
horse a good traveler. Napa Soda Office, 147
New Montgomery st. '
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 51C Golden Gate ave.
GROCERS' wagon and top; nearly new; cheap.
1414 Pine St.,
A BARGAIN— Strong light two-seated spring
wagon; also go-cart. 1328 Howard st. :f > VUf*
GOOD end spring piano: box buggy. $25; also
1 cheap horse. Apply 233 Fulton et.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express waRon. .single, also light
camping- wagon, for sale cheap. .632 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$40— HOUSE In We«tern Addition from June 1;
contains 9 rooms, bath, washroom. .' Par-
ticulars W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Mont-
gomery Et. -
TO let— A fine bay-window house. 769 MoAllls-
ter st.; 10 rooms, large yard, etc., by JOHN
PFORR. 403 Pine st.
$8 — FINE house of 3 rooms freshly decorated,
with enameled sink and patent chimney: Its
own toilet. 310 Clementina st.. In the yard;
key 782 Folsom St.
$45.00— 8" ROOMS; large finished basement: suit-
able for dressmaker: lar— e yard. 1613 Bush.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A DESIRABLE furnished upper flat. 6 rooms:
near park. 734 Shrader st. : Halght-st. cars.
~~~ y HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM, suggestion, personal magnetism,
etc. privately. Geo. W. Burke. 618 G. G ave.
~~ LOST •AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the" Hlbernla Savings
and Lonn Society of San Francisco, In the
name o? CATHERINE KELLY; No. 243-880.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pocket book containing; private papers;
particularly two promissory notes In favor of
the .undersigned: suitable reward. JAS. D.
GRAHAM. -433 Fifth gt. .
LOST— Corner of Van Ness ave^'and Geary st.,
either In car or on street, lady's brown purse,
containing $13 gold. Finder will receive re-
ward for return to cashier. Call office. Glaus
Spreckels building.
LOST— Thursday, May 9. coat containing mem-
orandum book with deed of some property.
A. RICHTER. Twenty- fourth and San Bruno
ave.; liberal reward. -,;..¦
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jewflr. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
"matrimonial. ¦
GENTLEMEN wishing to' marry wealthy ladles
¦¦end lCc for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
ALL contemplating 'matrimony send ' 10 ' cents
for "The Wedding Bell." 18 Mason st.
MATTRESSES AND UPHOLSTERY.
MAT^R^SSES^and~plUows: tel. South 792:
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned; expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
¦ble. .HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh tt.
MACHINERY— Bon;r_t, Sold and Ex.
GASOLINE engines, second-hand * and other
machinery ' bought and sold. EPSTEIN, 533
' Mission gt.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED, specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior, to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate: the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no ether treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods — uar-
tnteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Markt.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give
Instant relief for all female complaints: tho
. lonpest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped* no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL 1122
Market rt.. next to Owl Drug Store.
IMPORTANT notice to ladles— No medicine or
plllwused: 37 years' experience;. In all cases
satisfaction guaranteed; cure In one day call
on a physician with men's knowledge DR
POPPER, medical specialist, 12 Mason rt"
near Market. • ¦" '-.:•»-'
DK. AND MRS. .DA VIES 1223 Market JlrtiTv
FpedaUrtf: 32 year,' practician cases tmwt
by our- wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other: positive cure
guaranteed at office: patients treated can re!
turn same day: harmless; consultation free.
DR " *P d M RS; GOODWIN. 1033 Market, bet. 6th
n ; t . h -£ x P ert specialists: well known and re-
lUbJff*. yrs. experience: treatment gu_rant ? d
avoid Incompetent. specialists; consult free?
MRS.DR WYETH./ reliable specialist- 26 yrs •
successful practice;. guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment: home. before and durtn*
confinement. ; 342 Post, bet. Hyd? and Larkln 8
S;-'^V,'t^V EN ' « ls *«arket-Reltable 1»-
<1pU nvr.tnltsf b«»«t neural care: lnwf ¦».»*¦
¦: MIXING AND ASSAYING.
HAVING been in Alaska since lS97~~have some
¦DMted re^H a L n ? s:in Cape" Nbnle; all pros-
pected and- rich; would like to meet centle-
m^alms 1^/ ¦- W mcney: wl » interest
yJun^^oai^^ne^-^V 8 ? 1^
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont »t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and.
eecond-hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on,
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission St., above Sixth: write for catalogue.
AS I am retiring from business I offer a $1000
burglar proof safe for $350 and a fine piano
for $30- UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
I AM retiring frcm business; barsalns'ln dia-
mond?, watches, Jewelry; goods at your owa
prices; take your choice. UNCLE HARRIS,
13 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21C Spear st. .
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
pr^F suits $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
OLD lumber. $5 per thousand; all khuK J.
REYNOLDS, dismantler of buildings, Perry
et.. between Fourth and Fifth.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out- different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 129 Montgomy.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.;
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGS-
TON. 653 Ml— «Jon st.
r— TOVD-HAND machinery of all kinds bought,
gold rented and exchanged. H. S. '.VHITE.
616 Mission Bt. ;
HOUSE for sale, to be removed. 1S08 Gough
St.. at premises 8 to 10 a. m.
•—1 rR«?T-C_iASS second-hand modern engines and
• boilers bought and aoid. KROGH MFG. CO.
SECOND-HAND fire and burglar safe at C. J.
FERIAM& CO.'S. 43 Main St.
WE Day biff prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 85 Stockton at.
magic lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
j. BURKE. 139 Beale st. .
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern good*
. bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THS
-WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tha Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MIS CELLAyEOUS WAXTS -
WANTED 2 steam tugs, size from 85 to 75 feet
long; either will purchase or charter them.
Address Tugs, box 3618. Call office.
fSASOLINB engines and other machinery
P bfught and soil EPSTEIN. 538 Mission st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and.
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: teL Folsom 2522.
PHOTO car or wagon. Address immediately
box 4116. Call office.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
tMh! RU WHTTRHBAD. 17M Market st.
MONEY TO LOAIV.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people caa
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will losa
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will-be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
"" T ?. U . R .. P . R .°.^?. IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market str Loans on estates In probate,
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages. etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; • per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room IS. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%: first. 2d. and 3d mort-
gages undivided interest real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
_ where. JL McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 845 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission: confldeTi-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borro— ' on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W, J. HESIHAI* 10 Slxih;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS on salaries without lndorser or secur-
ity: Eastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bldg.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos: no removal:
low rat,e; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos* $13 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex... 431 Calif nia.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THK
TOUSLEY CO.. _M Parrott building.
ON salaries or wajres: no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
$100,CCO TO loan on real estate or for bulldins;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
. MUSICAL IXSTRUMEATS.
A NEW WHOLESALE PIANO HOUSE— THE
WILEY B ALLEN CO. have opened up an
office at 933 Market st.. ground floor, with
plenty of warehouse facilities above, and
for the time being will do a strictly whole-
sale piano business. We want agents every-
where to represent the- line of pianos which
we control for the entire coast— the Everett,
Steck. Packard. Hardman. Ludwlg. Conover.
' Klngsbury. Cable. Jewett. Harrington, and
others will be added to the list. Good. live,
energetic "piano men" should apply to us
at once for • territory and, help build up a
most magnificent business. Our prices the
lowest— our terms the ' most liberal! THB
WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. San
Francisco.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $55 2 Chickerlngs (like
1 Heine baby grand. new) $2W
(like new) J323 2 Helnes $313 up
1 Stelnway ..$1S3 1 Hallet-Davis .."...$465
And fifty others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for seme
of the oldest and mest famous pianos In ex-
istence. Including Hallet-Davis. Indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over 50.0CO In use In most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co.. 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $8 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, H and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
*14 Post St.. opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and a!l
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post st.. between Stock-
ton and Powell. . ¦¦ J .
AT BYRON MAUZY'S. 308 POST ST.
You are Invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric self-playing piano attachment;
can be put In any piano; also to Inspect our
piano factory and see how a piano Is made.
Agent Sohmsr. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Ham-
ilton. Spielmann pianos.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A LIST cf fine second-hand bargains— X Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. t
Sterling. $75. $123. $145. etc.; easy payments.
BEXJ. CURTAZ & RON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chlckering. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-piayers.
FROM now until June 1 we will have a gen-
uine cash clearance sale of pianos. Custom-
ers can get the best bargains In the city
from us during this sale. Read our display
"ad" in the Bulletin. THE ZENO 34AL-
VAIS. ~63 Market St.. city.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St.. an-
other lot of pianos put on sale: uprights. $3...
$65. $100- also very small flna baby grand;
great bargains, at auction prices.
FOR sale-Talklns machine, the zonophone.
records case. etc.. all new; a bargain. Ad-
dress box 4190. Call office.
WILL pay cash for a good Stelnway or Knab»
upright. Box 4191. Call office. _____
A-I400- UPRIGHT grand, new. for almo*
' half. ' 216 McAllister st.
FINE high-grade upright piano, sacrificed on
account of death. 219 Leavenworth st.
r'T-TTf'K"— TJTNO souare for salo; nearly new;
Condition. Box 4131. Call office,
CLOSIXG out stock of pianos: pr tees reduced
Tne-haif. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
havf sold 1 piano: have nnother excellent up-
! H S at big bargain. J. H. Kllgo, S46 Mission.
LUDWIG pianos the mc«,t P°P"lfr. WILEY B.
A LLEN co.. general agents. 933 Market st.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
1 $117— MAITOGANY case Fischer upright. 07
] Geary St.. room 3S
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
$1200— STEAM laundry; long established and do-
Ing large and very profitable business. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$850— DOWNTOWN ealoon: no night or Sunday
work; daily receipts $10 to $12; rent $42 60.
HORN, SOLOMON _ CO.. 30 Kearny st.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN,_SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny St.; telephone Main 1604.
FOR Sale — $3000; old-established flower store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc., boiler," horses,
wagons, plants and trees of all descriptions;
established many years and doing a money-
making business. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON. 5C0 Halght St. - . . •
FOR sale— $16,000; stock hardware; $4000 cash,
balance Improved or unimproved lands or good
011 stock. O. J. JOHNSON, 322 San Pablo
ave., Oakland.
MERCHANT tailoring business for sale, cheap;
Jn a country town; good business; no oppo-
sition; fine chance to make money. Apply
Call office.
EXCELLENT opportunity for a man to solicit'
for a printing office. Call or white C.
MARZO & CO., 628 Montgomery, rms. 1?. 13.
FRUIT stand, with or\ without horse and
wagon; very good location. Box 3103, Call.
BARGAIN In thriving town. Davy Crocket
cigar store. Point Richmond, Cal.
BREWERY doing a good business Jn a prosper-
ous town of 2000 Inhabitants, 40 miles from
San Francisco; situate on the principal street
In center of town; dwelling and other build-
. Ings on premises: several adjacent towns sup-
plied with beer: only brewery in the vicinity;
sold on account of death of the owner: rare
chance to- purchase a prosperous business ;
liberal credit given. Address GERTRUDE E.
JORDAN. Llvermore. Cal.
NEIGHBOR— If you are In town this week or
coming in call at Smiths' Cash Store. 25 and
27 Market St., for a complete outfit of gents'
furnishing goods— shirts; underwear, gloves
and neckwear. You will find them on the
third floor; prices are right; so are the goods.
A "MAN who can be recommended, acquainted
with merchandise and general business, t»
take charge of a large storage place on
shares; sure Income; good pay; permanent
work. Apply for details and particulars 27
Market St.
A— $400; RESTAURANT for sale, four living
rooms: nice trade, nice place; rent cheap;
suitable for man and wife; going East; must
be eold. Box 419S. Call f office.
IF you would engage in a profitable business,
requiring little or no capital, yielding a small
.Income, with grood prospect of Increase, call
or address Smiths' Cash Store, 25 Market st.
$5000 BUSINESS for sale; profit 37 per cent;
established 10 years; located on transfer cor-
ner; best location In city. Apply A. J. RICH
& CO., 112 Montgomery st.
STATIONERY, notion bazaar; livlne rooms;
established 20 years; near schools; downtown;
owner leaving city; price $1100; a bargain.
Address box 4147. Call office. ¦
BARBER shop wanted. 4 chairs and up. for
cash; state full particulars; no agents. C.
B., 1707% Jones st.
WANTED— Partner with $500, in merchandise
business; situated in good mining town. Box
4115, Call office.
CANDY store and factory for sale cheap on ac-
count of sickness; good paying business. Ap-
ply 941 Folsom st. .
DOWNTOWN morning paper route for sale.
Box 411S. Call Office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market et. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 323.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
43 rooms; oak furn.; good transient $2500
24 rooms; fire furniture and carpets.... 22V)
10 rooms; central; well furnished 430
15 rooms; furn.; carpets extra good 1050
33 rooms; permanent and trans. ; elegant. 3M)0
18 rooms; rent $C5; elegantly furn; p»rm. 1600
IS rooms; 2 entrances; rent $75; trans.. 1500
20 rooms: rent $30; water free; good furn. 1000
24 rooms; furniture new; rent $50 2100
19 rooms; rent $60: clears $70 1000
MARION GRIFFIN, {he Real Estate Agent,
719 Market st.. by the Call building.
5 flats of 6 rooms each: $300 to $200
14 houses of 10 rooms each: $700 to 300
46 houses. 15 to 20 rooms; $1600 to <w>
34 houses. 22 to 30 rooms: $2700 to 1000
22 houses, 31 to 42 rooms; $5000 to ISM
19 houses. 44 to 50 rooms: $5000 to 2000
26 big houses and city hotels. Call for list.
WALTER HAYES & CO.
GREET
. PRESIDENT MeKIXLEY.
Watch this space next week for an unprece-
dented list of Bargains in Houses.
S38 Market st
ATTENTION BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house in
the city, and pay for It,
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
35 ROOMS;. rent $80; receipts about $200....$S50
10 rooms; rent $50; clears $35 per month... 650
$3C0— Lodging-house, 14 rooms; very cheap
rent; water free; pays good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny st. I
15 ROOMS; Mission St.; rent $60: price $725.
12 rooms; Mason St.; rent $45; price $750
l<t rooms on Grant ave.: rent $73; price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy st. : rent $58: price $650.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth st.
BOARDING ' house, 12 miles from San Fran-
clf=co; 14 rooms and large yard, stable and
chicken-bouses: 10 to 12 steady boarders;
rent $15 or lease. Apply to N. F. PATTER-
SON. 705'.4 Tennessee St., Potrero.
FISHER & CO.. S33 Market St.. opp. Mason.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
16 ROOMS— Only $S 50; fine location, near Mar-
ket; fine transient. FISHER. 935 Market st.
FURNISHED rooming-house in good order for
wnt or sale on easy terms. 6 Central place,
off Pine Et..,nr. Kearny: call after 12 m.
JOSEPH BAILIK. 759 Market St.— A good list
of lodging-houses.
A NICELY furnished 9-room house; low rent.
Apply 943 Post st.
SPIRITUALIS3I. .
JIRsTjTjr^WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader: exam-
ines ore: oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats cures sick; cancer removed without
u«e of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough; Ellis-
et. car; sit.. $1: letter, $:.. Tel. 'Hyde 2461.
WHEELER, the trance medium, for business
and life affairs; trance circles Tuesdays.
Thursdays and Sundays. 8 p. m., 25c; other
evenings, 10c: readings dally. 10 a. m. to 4 p.
m.. $1; ladles, Z-Oc. 30T> Lnrkln St., rms. 87-S3.
MRS. LOUISE s! DREW, Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkln
rt.; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. EBERHARDT'8 convincing tests to-
nltrht. 10c. 3250 Twenty-second, tel. Blue 954.
JOHN SLATER— Circle to-day, 2:45 sharp;
sittings dally. 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. C05 McAllister; 10c; come, -skeptics.
MRS. ALICE AUSTIN, business and test me-
dium; clairvoyant: card reader. 713 Post st.
MATERIALIZING seance to-night; readings &
spirit photos deily. Arnold Dickson, 148 Sixth.
EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally; seances Tues.. Thurs.- & Sun.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 116 West Mission St..
nr. 13th — Cir. Run. & Fri.' eves. : sitt'RS daily.
MEETING to-night, 1238 Howard— Convincing
test^ read ings dally. MRS. MAXWELL.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 313 Turk
St.; hours. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Mover: Pitting* dallv: frt to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MMeTm. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will bo told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up;, perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
BROESKE! BROESKE! BROESKE!
The greatest of Psychic and Scientific Palm-
ists, gives advice on all aft airs of life; reads
your entire life, past, . present and future;
your character, talent, abilities and health:
perfect, satisfaction by mall; gives advice In
regard to profession, love affairs, business,
speculation; shows you how to avoid misfor-
tunes In the future: send stamp for circular;
palmistry reading $L 203 Turk st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday.
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
free, without asking questions, - looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse; tell you how to get
well without knife, drugs or worthless Instru-
ments; scientific method of treatment. Nervo-
Pathic Co... 1382 Market, opp. I. O. O. F. Hall.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market,' op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
falls; readings, 50c. S Hayes st... nr. Market.Immense Pbwer of Machinery;
-A startling example " of the * difference
between man-power and^the power of the
machinery man Invents and controls is
given in the Engineering Magazine. The
20,000 horsepower of an Atlantic • liner's
engines . converted ; . into human muscle
power would represent an Immense, army.
To run night and day there would have
to be three relays of > men at the tread
milr or other appliance which would be
used. Each eight-hour shift at each 10,000
horsepower engine would be 100,000 men,
or 200,000 for the two engines. Three
shifts of 200,000 men would give -below
decks a population of a city of second
grade. If the problem, moreover; were
put In the form of high speed transporta
tion, such as is represented by. the loco
motive condition. It disappears practically
In the field of the unthinkable. Yet how
easily a few men handle, guide and con-'
trol that enormous power! If It would
require 200,000 men to furnish 20,000 horse
power day and night, try to figure but the
numerical' strength of the- army that
would be represented by the motive power
of all the railroads, steamers, factories
and mills of the United States.
Comprising Costs of Police Force.
•Berlin, with a population of > 1,843,000,
gets along with an outlay of. $2,500,000 for
its police force. Chicago, witha popula
tion 144,000 smaller, spends about $3,500,
000. Berlin's outlay secures the services
of 7500: officers, whose vigilance, in
the enforcement of the laws and ordi
nances makes - that capital s the; cleanest
and most orderly in the world. -Chicago's
money goes to less than half -as many
men, part of whose time only is -given to
enforcing the laws, the other part being
spent in winking at violations thereof.
Yet Chicago has as many— nay. • probably
more — men of brains than Berlin.- The
trouble is that. too many of these fancy
they see a * personal advantage to them
selves in a' continuance- of - the present . or
der of things, and for such advantage are
willing to see the general good sacrificed.
—St. Paul Pioneer Press. • - .--
Meanwhile Congress and the ' Stato
legislatures should rigidly guard -every
foot of public forest, and, in the interests
of all tne'pfeople, should resist every en
croachment? of .local, selfishness.— Chicago
Inter Ocean. -V
The American Lumberman recently pub
lished some figures which should •- stir
legislatures and Congress, to prompt .'ac
tion for the preservation of our forests.
They should also move, owners of forest
lands and all men living by the lumber
trade ' to consider whether • self-interest
should : not at last ; arouse them • to pre
vent, the speedy destruction of their in
dustry. . ¦ ' - ' •'_ ' , v
In 1890 the States, of Michigan, Wiscon
sin- and Minnesota produced 8,597,000,000
feet Of pine lumber. Since then the proa-'
uct has steadily declined, and/in 1900. was
but 5,483,261,000 feet. During the. last two
years prices of lumber- have been high,
and there. has beenevery inducement for
the mills N to turn out a heavy product.
Every resource has been strained, but
without- avail. The trees could not be
found. ".The end of the whitepine indus
try of the Northwest is almost at hand.
The years of its greatness are already
passed. ' ' • \
We doubt If history records another
such shameful waste of natural wealth as
has been made In. the American forests.
The greater part of these resources is
gone forever, but something can still be
saved. The method which promises most
permanent results is the education of for
est owners to an appreciation of their own
real interests. When, they once realize
that . a forest, with proper management,
can be made as continuously productive
as a wheat field, they .will perhaps be
moved to' prudent action.'.' ' ¦¦ ' -. ¦'..-, " t
Our Dwindling Forests.
: No meeting of the Grand Aerie will be
held to-day, as all the time will be taken
up by ' a drive through the Presidio to
the Cliff House. Luncheon will be served
on the balcony of the Cliff House. The
return trip will be made through Golden
Gate Park. The start will be made from
Pioneer Hall at 10 o'clock.
The candidates for worthy grand presi
dent are Del Cary Smith of Spokane,
Wash., an attorney, at law, and Dr. J. B.
Schwatka, Sheriff of Baltimore, Md., and
also a candidate for Mayor of that city.
: Texas' claims are being urged by Hon."
Patrick O'Keeth of Dallas, those of At
lantic City by E. F. Hann and those of
Denver by G. W. Fricke. The fight Is
growing in intensity at every meeting.
Sorne idea of his girth may be gained by
a perusal of his dimensions. His -waist
measure is a foot greater than his height,
which is 5 feet 9 inches; his waist meas
ure is 81 fnches, and his thigh is 40 inches.
Great interest is taken in the fight for
the location of the next meeting place of
the J Grand Aerie and all kinds of argu
ments are being advanced by the ad
vocates from .Texas, Nebraska, Colorado
and New Jersey. Each of these States
claims that its advantages are superior
to those of any other portion of the United
States. Dallas, Tex., Atlantic City,-N. J.,
Denver and Omaha are the suggested
towns. Texas has an Eagle weighing some
715 pounds. He has a membership in Deni
soh Aerie of the Lone Star State.
Judiciary committee— Ed t>. Head, No. 5: P.
F. Pell«tier. No. 47; P. F. Tralnor, No. 40;
Harry C. Hayes, No. 55; C. E. Sturges. No. 113.
Committee on finance— Thomas Flynn, No. 43;
Jesse Hedrick, No. 122; J. U:Herget, No. 61;
Charles M. Graff, No. 30; James Crossan, No. 15.
Committee on charters^-A. S. Ritchie. No. 38;
Thomas McNamer, No. 4 ; John • E. Sheehan,
No. 45; "W. J. McGuigan, No. 6; Albert Abra
ham; No. 80. - • • ¦:.-.¦¦¦ --- ¦
'Committee on ritual and work— Joe H. Ellis,
No. 34; John Lamont, No. -4: E. M. Turner. No,
37; J. B. Schwatka, No. 69; Georke Look, No. 73.
Committee on* distribution— H. "W. FIndley,
No. 6; W. 'J. Venner, No. 10; George "W. Hamil
ton. No. 24; Ed Krause, No. 74^ D. B. Halt
No. M. .
Commission of grievance and appeals — S. B;
"W'adsworth. No. 104: J. J. . Fitzgerald. No. 99;
Charles "W. Fricke, No. 30; George T. Shanklin,
No. 3; A. "W. von Rhein, No. 12.
• Committee on state of order-^Jatnes F. Cheat
ham, No. 5; A. S. Fowler, No. 67: M. S. Chap
pelle, No. 40; J. J. Schlawlg, No. 77; B. F.
Monaghan, No. 42. . '. ' . ."
Eighty additional, delegates presented
their credentials at the morning session
and received the Grand Aerie degree.
This ceremony consumed the greater por
tion of the. morning ; session- Grand
Worthy President Llttlefield announced
the appointment of the following commit
tees : •
j Grand Worthy President : H." R. Little
field,: Grand Worthy Judge. Advocate Del
Cary" Smith; Grand Worthy Lecturer H.
H. Thompson, Grand Worthy Secretary
'A. E. Partridge and Grand Worthy Treas
urer A. A. Brodeck presented reports.
•Nearly all the time of the mem^era at
tending, the Grand Aerie of the .Fraternal
Order of Eagles at Pioneer Hall wa3 con
sumed yesterday in. listening to the, re
ports of the grand officers. ' Each report
showed that the;order was lna flourish
ing state. - .. . .
cure Next Grand
Aerie. /
Pour Cities Contesting to Se-
Steady Increase of Mem
bership Reported by
EAGLES REVIEW
WORK OF YEAR
At .that time Reilly" said Mrs. * I^entlvo
of Richmond, Va., who was the only eye
witness to the fatal shootlnff. corrobor
ated Stokes. Reilly's testimony virtually
disposed of the State's case, as it was
known from affidavits made at the tima
of the shooting that the evidence of Mrs.
Lentive would tend to exculpate Stokes.
Senator Stokes took the stand and ex
plained how Woll was killed. There were
no other witnesses for the defense.
•The shooting was the outcome of Dr.
Woll's sensational sermon, in which Wil
liamson society came under the sharp
lash of the preacher's invective. The
theory of the- prosecution was that Stokes
sought the minister in his own house and
demanded an apology and provoked a
quarrel, in which Woll was killed. But
the first witness put on th« stand failed
to bear out that hypothesis. Otis Reilly
was - within a hundred and fifty yards
and at thefirst sound of the pistol*
rushed toward the scene of the affray.
There he found Stokes, although shot
twice, still standing with smoking re
volver in hand, and In reply to a ques
tion 1 Stokes said:
"Woll shot me twice and. I had to kill
him." . .
WILLIAMSON. Va., May 15.— State
Senator Stokes who shot and killed the
Rev. J. J. Woll, a Presbyterian clergy
man, last' November, was to-night acuult
ted or murder and set free. "
Prosecution Makes No Great
Effort to Prove Its
_ . Case.
Man Who Killed Presby
terian Clergyman
Is Free.
JURY ACQUITS
SENATOR STOKES
THE SAN FBANGISCO OALit, 'THURSDAY, MAY 16-1901.
15
/ OCEAil TxlA^TEL. r <
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL • COMPANY?
¦ — for—.'. ¦•' "¦:;."
NOME, "ST. 1ICHAEL
And All Points on Yukoa Biyeri
\ Sailing Dates Subject to Change. —
From San'Franclsco. ¦•' . ' ; ; From Seattle.
May 25........S.-S.: "PORTLAND '.:.....-."..:...:.
June 1 S.'S. "ST. PAUL". .;Jufte- 8
May 25.. ......*S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 10
. •"CONEMAUGH" carries 'freight and live
stock. No. passengers. . . ':.•..'',
' For rates of passage, freight and . other par-
ticulars apply^.to ." ..v- v ' - ... , - v .\ '¦ , .
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANT,.
. • 310' Sansomest.,' San Francisco.
HAMBURG- AMERICAN LINE.
¦ TwIn-ScreW. Expres^Servlce. : .- -
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURTJ- HAMBURG
A. :: VICTORIA. ...'•'. :.MAY 23. 10 A. At.
Columbia .......May 30|Dfutschland ...June 13
F. Bismarck.... June 6\A. Victoria..... June 20
¦ -Twin-Screw Passengsr Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Pretoria .... ..'..May, 251 Pafrlcla ..U. i.'.June 8
•Phoenicia ......Junfi llWaldersee. .....June 15.
¦ '• • •- .-»>.- .'Sails to Hamburg direct..;. .. : '
Ha rn burg -American Line," 37 -B" way. ,N. Y.
' y HERZOG & CO.', ' General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California st. -. .' - , - • "- , ,- ¦
SS. > ZEALANDIA" (Honolulu ' only) . ;V. ....... ¦''
... '.;f.: . .'.¦; .*;... ; ; Saturday. May 18. 10 a. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for ¦ Samoa,
>. New Zealand and Australia......; .
¦• ...; .' "...Thursday, May 30,. 10 a. m..
SS.' AUSTRALIA; for 'Tahiti... .;......;......
..... '¦..'.'.: V.V..Y... Sunday, June 30,- at 4 pi m.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BIOS. CO., General Agents. 327 Market St
: Sen'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St.. Pisr Ka. 7, Pacifi: St
¦' ¦.Ta^SEATTLE.--" /
NORTH • AMERICAN - TRANSPORTATION
i\AND TRADING -CO.' S ELEGANT STEEL
" s. "s-Y roanokeY ;
SAILS FROM SAN FRANCISCO MAY. 17TH.
; ;; ; . ..-.¦''.' /FARE '.TO, SEATTLE.. 1^ .
First-class, .$12.00. {":'.. Second-class, ; - $7.00. .. .
• For 'tickets' and freight rates apply - - •
¦ • . ". UNION TICKET OFFICE. -
5QBni|l£2&bjy 630 ' Market street. ;
MX/SICAI. INSTRUMENTS Con.
BARGAIN^-Clearance sale bargains;' upright
rlanos, $75 and upward ;' Btelnway, Knabe,
Emerson. Hartman and others; squares $10
up. BRCENN, 208 Post St.
A SMALL Chlckering upright, $125; 6 uprights,
second-handed; your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
J45 UPRIGHT. $125 Knabe. J1S5 Stelnway &
Eons, at FAY'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St.. you
can gret storage pianos almoet for a song.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice uprieht piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
6T7PFRIOR violins, rithers. old and new. H.
MTTLLKR, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
"FOR rent— 930 Harrison, store and living
roms in complete order; partly furnished for
business or homes; rent fl5. Apply at once
836 Harrison Et.
TO rent or lease— Second floor. 620 Market st.,
opposite Palace Hotel: Al business location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market st.
61TNNT private office or desk room; reason-
able. Apply room 717, Emma Spreckels bldg.
LOFT. 20x70. 109 Fremont St. Apply at 105.
LIGHT, cunny office* J15 to JIO.- Emma Spreck-
*:? building. S27 Market ft
OIL. /
A BMALL block* of Etock in a eound, wide-
awake company, now drilling on 160 acres
In the cream of the Midway-Sunset oil belt;
. has cash in bank and no treasury stock of-
fered for pale; this block made up from de-
linquent balances of original subscriptions;
price b.11 right: a grenuine enap; first appli-
cant gets It. Address Box 4113, Call office.
COSTA Rica. 10 cents per sharu, will make you
rich; you cannot lose your money; stock guar-
anteed by S. K. real estate bonds, certified to
by Cal. Eaf e Deposit and Trust Co. : eend for
prospectus. PaclSc States Mining and Invest-
ment Co.. 816 Post et.
CALISTOGA Oil and Derelopmenf' Company:
operating- on 2120 acres of oil land in nine
districts. Office. 23 «.nd 24 Merchants' Ex.
LIVE orcanizers can 6ecure oil lands without
cash. Call "XOW." S6 Geary St.. room 6.
• OIL tanks, second-hand. In »rood order: all
efzes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
¦ beet localities. If you are looking for lan<*..j
- or wish to Invest In stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON*. 301 Examiner building.
PAINTEItS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered,
iS us. Jensen & Bath. 304 Sixth: open even.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist. £15
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 661.
MME. GERMAIXE. the business palmist of the
Pacific Coast. 9CC Market Et.
Mrs. Lamb.scientiflc palmist and character read-
'.ns: lessens tn class and private. 204 Ellis, r. 18.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless- successful.
GFO r>. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
BF.ST on earth— Blood poison, itching, skin
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call or
"write for full information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co., permanently
located 62S Montgomery ft., room 22, third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES.
CHARLES M. HOERIDGE. left Radcliffe, nr.
Manchester, EnKland, 11 years ago; was then
employed In Whitlcher Bleach Works, Mount
Sierra. Any information would be gladly re-
ceived by his mother. MRS. W3L SMITH. 61
East Brooklyn et.. Xorth Adams. Mass.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to
Fhafie required. DR. FRAXCIS C. SHER-
MAN, 406 Sutter Ft.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary st.. and you
¦will not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one side of face, the other made smooth and
youthful; hundreds are astonished. New York
Institute Dermatology, 1C5 Kllis st. San Fran.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; J5; valuable Information for liquor,
morphine. CDium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS, 1S29 Polk st.. San Francisco.
HAG carpets wove to order and for sale, also
chenille-wove rugs.' silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank cr chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth.Oakland.
II WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $13 up; fire dress suits. $20 up; ele-
rant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms:
tic to Jl 60 per r.ight; $1 TO to S6 per week;
fr*>e 'bus and bappage to and from the ferry.
LADIES" and gents' shampooing, manicuring
and hairdressinsr; also expert massace treat-
ment. The Superior, suite C9. 14 McAllister.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. t2 T5. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1-22 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressing. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 17C4 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
MRS. WILLIAM MILLER— Send address to
JOHX P. Qt'IRK. The . Leepalmer. corner
Mason and O'Farrell ets. »
BI7HB enre for poison oak; guaranteed; will ef-
<ert fermanent cure in 5 or 6 days. J. J.
COFTA. Conpord. Cal. ¦ ' ¦"
ROBERTS— Proposition accepted. BRYAN.
COR.SETMAKER and <>Fisner. Mme. J. A.
Lcutr.bersrcr. £47 Seary, opp. Union Square.
PUIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
PHIL— Corae home; everything all right.
GEORGE.
FPANTSH Ipssons gi\-en by a native Spanish
teacher. HZ McAllister st.
TAILOR made suits. ?7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Mi«fH Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dt. Dunton; disease? of men only: sanitarium
tr.9 Clay f=t.. cor. Kearny: consultation free.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. JC21 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Eat.: electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
CLD pold 6ilver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
tola. J. Eilverman. SS4 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 1191.
C LANDECKER. 20 Mont' gy— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken, $1; guar.
TV*. F. MEAGHEE, 131 Post., room 7, makes
sho<;s that fit and wear.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
fcair to Its natural color: tU at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlgs;'
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.'. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS fcair and molfs destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
com cure: 25c: *H druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 rages, cent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl,
T«>Ft3sre raid.
*" PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
ica Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WOXG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: ee«
testimonial* at otflce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PICNIC SUPPLIES.
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 28 Market et.. for finest wlne» and
liqucrr: biggest house: open Sunday.
'__. PILES- .
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who Tiave suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
purgrry or delay from, business, and no
calves for pale. Particulars, ¦ address Physl-
d»n. box isa). Call office. S. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
BUY In Napa County: no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County ViUculturist." The-W.
A. MACKiyDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent, 7W
Market st, by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for saJ« all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. R. WIXFIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
REALTY TO EXCHAXGE.
170 ACRES on mountains; small house, barn,
furniture, tools; good grain and pasture land;
beautiful place; exchange for., lot. In San
Francisco or small place In country. Box
»*"• r«.ji ol&ce. HBB9rkMBsK
ROOMS 'TO LET — -Knrii." and Unftira.
TUHKT. '^BMThe Lake)— New' house; newly fur-,
/.nished;. board optional. Phone South 422.
TURK. 543— Single \ room for gentleman with
bath, tl per week; private family: ' ¦ '¦ . /
UNION, 1134— Nice sunny furnished rooms; cars
pass the door; reasonable. . ' ' ¦ J
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Filimore. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ¦ been established , at * 1096
Valencia Bt. .'•'¦• •• ¦ ' - ' -¦''-.-¦¦'-'
ROOMS AND BOARD. .'.¦.' •
H^TElToTr^E^r^ie^nT^Iason^ats^Sl^
class family hotel ; transients taken during
Presidential reception; rates $2 to $3 per day.
with board.- Telephone. Main- 5510. -:-•.:¦
WANTED-An elderly lady to' board' in the
country; terms very -reasonable. Address A.
'* I*. Sonoma, Sonoma County, Cal. "...
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel, 718 Valencia St., Mission
' warm belt— Good board; fine rooms; reason-
able rates: cars pass the door. ¦
PINE, 1006 (The Victor) — New management;
thoroughly renov. ; sunny suites, with. board.
I" FAMILY hotel. TVilmott. 728 Sutter— Sunny
rooms, excellent table and service.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 :tarket— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting ; - board optional.
ROOMS and board; -priced reasonable. 415
First st.. between Harrison and Bryant. •
THE GAGE, 428 Geary— Nicely furnished rooms;
excellent service; board optional; references.
AT summer rates: attractive rooms; special
table: wine dinners. S07 California st. ' '•
ROOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN wants room In private house; 1
or 2 months. Box 4152, Call office. ! -' ; *"
1 SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; tak^ no other;
send -4c stamps for particulars, ."Relief • for
Ladies" In letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., Philadel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-13; tel. 5580. -•
SEWING BIACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines all makes at al-
most any -price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth st.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and. Moving Co.;
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Filimore et. ; phone Jackson 2SL .
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse' 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS. '
- TO .LEASE.
l5velt~hom£ f ; ~~ ~~~
To lease for a long term to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality, > in
Banta,Cruz County: only half a mile from de-
pot; consisting of about 25 acres- of best wine
grapes and balance best fruit; apples, cher-
ries, plums, etc.; lovely cottage, furnished;
also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.; also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. Box
8S41. Call office. -
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
PREAT BAROAIN^N^Tr^E^VRIT^RS^We
sell better machines f»r less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3^ The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 268.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. : 91 (twenty
cents per Ehare) of the Hutchison Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at th«
office of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after Monday, May 20, 1901. Transfer books
close on Wednesday. May 15. 1901, "at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership— Notice
is hereby given that the partnership hereto-
fore . existing between the undersigned has
this day been dissolved by mutual consent,
and the business will hereafter be carried oh
by the KRIEG TANNING COMPANY. All
•bills against the - firm of RUSSELL & llc-i
KAY will be honored on presentation at the
' office, 37 Stevenson Bt.. San Francisco. • !
i JAMES R. RUSSELL.
WILLIAM McKAY.
Dated May 15, 190L . . :
PROPOSALS. .
PROPOSALS for Clothing for U. S. A. Trans-
port Service, Depot Quartermaster's Office,
36 New Montgomery street., San Francisco,
Cal., May 13. 1901.— Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate, will be received at this office until 11
a.m.. Thursday. May 23, 1901, Pacific Stand-
ard-Time, and ther. opened for furnishing
White Duck Aprons, White Caps, Blouses,
Dark Blue Caps, Cap Ribbons, White Duck
Hats, Working Jumpers, White Duck Jack-
. ets. Lanyards. . Neckerchiefs, . Dungaree
¦ Trousers, Working Trousers, . White Duck
Trousers. Overcoats, Reefers, and Hospital
Flags. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
• tions. of price and quality,. being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
-manufacture the duty thereon), and
preference will be given to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced oh
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part'
thereof. Information and blanks for /pro-
posals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will, be endorsed
"Proposals No. 4545," and . addressed to
Major OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U.
S. Army, Depot Quartermaster. . ' . . ¦
MARRIAGE LICENSES. • j
The- following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: , = . ¦¦ ¦ .
Ransom G. Gobs, 28, Palermo, and Dorothy
J. Berryman,' 17, Eureka, Nev. • '
Frank Burke, 36, Los Angeles, and Lottie'
Brickett.o 24. Los Angeles.
Martin J. McNerney, 33, Sacrameiflo, and
Mary F. Taylor, 22, Weavervilie. j f ¦- .
Henry T. Hambly, 42, city, and Bessie M.
Mills, 21, city. ¦ • :
George A. Buhlinger, 26, 138 California 1 ave-:
nue. and Lizzie J. Grady, 19, 326 Lisbon street.
Federigo Venturi. 31, 422 Fourth street,' and
Clolinda Da Castello, 27, 730 Union .street.
Harry G. Charles, 27, 1110 Powell street, and
Rose L. Callan, 19, 4133 Twenty-fifth- street.
Marcello Mignacco, 24, Ocean View, and
Asunta Martorella, 15, 500 Huron avenue.
-Truman Cole, 27, Chicago,* and Florence W.'
Oliver, 22, Chicago. •; ¦¦-.-¦
Thomas F. Kane, 24, 1606% Church street,
and Emily M. Nicoll, 24, 9 Bennington street.
Harry' Wolff, 30, 402*4 Grove street, and Julia-
A. McAuley, 35, 241 Second avenue.
George • Balmer, 24,-636 Harrison street, and
Minnie O. Nelson, 21, 536 Harrison street.
• Henry T. Drais, 27,. Farmington, Cal., and
Mary C.- Drais, 37, Farmington, Cal.-
Alexis Daudibon, 30, 309 Grant avenue, and
Marie Saheut, 28, South San Francisco. :
Pierre Clayuere. 24, 1522 Railroad • avenue^
and Marie Gezelln, 20,-1522 Railroad avenue. '
Maurice Boullanger, 34, .1 Golden place, and
Alta Fenger, 30, 1 Golden place.:
William J. Buck. 39, Twenty-first and FoU
som streets, and Annie Wanderer,- 20, city.
Quongr Sinsr, 38, Merced, . and Suey ¦ Lon, 30,
920 Sacramento street. . ' . ', , / ¦ ~/> •
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— flEATHS, ?
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BERNDT— In this city, April 28, 1901, to the
wife of Dr. R. M. H. . Berndt, a son. * ,;
EKMAN— In this city. May 11, 1901, to the
' wife of C. . L. Ekman, a son. . -.
SARGENT— In this city, . May 14, . 1901, to the
wife of George C. Sargent, a son.:.... . .='
MARRIED. ~~~~
BERGER— BECKMAN— In this city/ May 11."
- 1901, ' by Thomas ¦ F. ¦ Dunn, Justice of the
Peace, Isaac Berger and Gasina' R. Beck-
. mar, both of San Francisco. -. ¦,. ,¦
BURKE— BRICKETT— In ' this city. May ; 15,
, 1901.. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Frank Burke and' Lottie Erlckett, both of
Los Anseles. • - . . " ' ¦ ..¦¦
MILLER-SCOTT— In this city, : April 20, 1901,
by the Uev. Father Dempsey, George J. Mil-
ler of San Rafael and Edith Scott of Bel-
vedere. ¦¦.--¦-..•• -- - ¦¦ . .. . -¦/
- DIED.
' Arnold, David / * Kelly, Luke. ' .
Asset, Peter ' Lubeck, - Emll -
• Bean. ' Sarah E. Lynch, Katherine ¦
Carr, John J. :. Munk, Peter -N. <•
¦ Casey,- Joseph A. ; Nimmo. James R. :
Cottrell," Edwar^ M. ¦ Norton, Thomas ; '
¦ Daly, James J. ¦•- t Owens, Peter-
Dawson, Josephine Pierce, Sarah A. ¦ . .
Duncan, Julia A. Pyne. . -Russell J. ' '-
Goodfriend. Terris '¦ Rlthet, ¦ Edward- P.'.-..'
'Goodnight. Rufus Schneider. 'Carl. L. F.
" • Hagenmeyer, Gebhard , Schwab, Charles ' F.
Hamilton. Matilda .Towndrow, Mrs. R;
Henrloulle. Louis J. Tulte. Patrick ' •
. Holland, Amanda -" Wuthrieh,.Amalie ¦
• . Jacobs, Simon L. . ..! ZachrKion, Mary A.
-Jones,. Harriet W. ; C fc • .- ?"-«"V'.'^«o~
ARNOLD— In this city, May 14, 1901,' David
OCEAN TRAVEL. {.?¦:'¦<'?
'¦¦¦¦- ¦ - j
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin, etc.
S. S. YALENCIA,
CHARLES GRAHAM. Master. -. J T"
Will Leave SAN FRANCISCO. "TWj
MAY 25, 1901,
And Seattle *} J jAJ '
MAY 30, 19O1.
For passage and freight apply to
pacific steam whaling co.,
30 CALIFORNIA STREET, SA2* FRAJTCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Yesler way. Seattle.
Golofnin Bay,
Nome City and
. - ¦ ¦ ¦ •* ¦
Teller vCity.
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HIGGIN3, Master.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
abont May 20th, ?ia Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th.
5 For passage or freight rates call or address
H.'R. DUFFTN. Agent.
KSS Market Street. - opp. Palaca Hotet. !
SAN FRANCISCO.
.Pacific i Coast a Steamship Co.
Ifc^- T- • FOR #
/T-^&81 G OLDFIELDS.
- - - THE STEAMSHIP " 7
GITJ OF PUEBLA
• WUl Sail
From San Francisco May 25
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's Now
and SplendiA Steamship -. -
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator J made' flve • trips to Nome last
year, belns one of the first to arrive there,
landing all ber passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay. •
For passenger rates kpply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.. ,
• ... . 10 Market street.
WILD GOOSE. MINING AND TRAD-
ING COMPANT.
¦ ¦ Passenger and Freight Steamer
CHASED. LANE.
TELLER, GOLOFNIN. PORT CLAR-
\ ENCE. ETC. r
SAILS JUNE L
Superior First and Second Class Pas-
, senger Accommodations. .- «
SO Tona Cold Storage Capacity.
This company owns the most success-
ful lighterage plant at Nome, assuring
safe discharge of all freight; also owns
and -operates the Wild Goo«e Ry.
Heavy Machinery. Bartres, Etc.. Taken.
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO.. S67 Market st,
N. A. T. <fe TT. CO.
TELLER. ST. MICHAEL and all YUKON
RIVER POINTS. ,* '
• ... ¦ . From San -Francisco.
SS. ROANOKE ~. Sails May 18
SS. SANTA ANA Sails
- For tickets or freight space write or apply
¦ UNION TICKET OFFICE.
. . . . - . 630 Market St.. S. F. '
COKPAeNIS GZ5EBAL5 THAN 3ATLAXTI!ltJ3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *jm».
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <?XiVTa
Saturday,- at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, —•¦«3«3»
North River, foot of Morton street. First c)asa
to Havre, $53 and upward. Second class to
Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA, 2a
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tork; 3. T.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
romery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all ¦ Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND El VER STEA MEBS. „
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ••Montlcello."
MON . TUES.. "WED.. THURS.. AND SAT.
»t 9:*5 a. m.. 3:15, g:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays. 1 P. m. and 8:30: Sundays.
10:30 a. m.. 8 p. m. Landing and office. M!«-
Bion-st Dock.-jPier No. 3. Telephone Mala lS4Mt
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
:-» -.-.. ¦ Steamers ; • leave Broadway
<lfc^ Wharf, San Francisco:
V?S>S»- * For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
- ksHIs&l Ma y '¦ 6 - n - 1S - 21 - 26 - 31>
, »^^SS^9% June 5. Change to company's
i fcSk E»5wS?l steamers at Seattle.
: Eft£«3(£$ S&* For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
! Effi^-Jsr^W^I C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
• /^¦*3SS&§55tt Tacoma. Everett, Anacortea
¦ - '^*8a^ai and New Whatcom (Wash,)—
11 a. m.. May l; 6, 11.: 16, 21.
26 31 June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for- -Alaska and G. N. R/.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry-; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
¦ For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 rr. m..
May 3 8, 13. *18, 23, 28, June 2 (*4 p. m.>. anJ :
every 'fifth day thereafter.
For San Dlsgo. stopping only at Santa Bar- j
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An- ,
g e j es ')_Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Bosa. Sundays, 9 a. na. , i
• For Los Angeles, calling . at Santa. • Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura Hueneme,- San Pedro. -'East San Pe-
dro 'Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays,
9 "ft ¦ in "'¦-.'
¦ For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.,-7th each
For further information obtain company's
The company reserves' the right to .'change
steamers, ¦ sailing dates and' hours -of sailing
without previous notice. .'
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
8 GOODALL, & CO.. Gen. Agents.'
.-...'- 10 Market ; st., .'San Francisco.
Q. R, */V.CO/
Only St«o»ai»l»ii» ' IjIxi* -»e»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Li-«e from Portland to all
points East. Through ' tickets to all
: points, nl' »«5' rr'ntenms'iin tin'' rail, at
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEALS.
SS COLUMBIA Sails May "23, "June 2. 12, 22
SS^ GEO !.^. I^s t May^'2V; June-7^7. 27
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt., 1 Montgm'y.S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YOUX- SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at , Cherbourg-, 'westbound. -
• From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a..m. - J
St Paul.... .May 29 St- Louis June 26
St. Louis ..June 6 St Paul July 10-
St,"Paul....- June 19 St. Louis... ...... July 17
RED" STAR LINE.
, New York and Antwerp. .
. From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Pennland . J.May 22 Frlesland ..June 12 :
Kensington '.....May 29 Southwark June IS i
• Zeeland .........June 5 Vaderland, ......June 28 I
IN TERN ATION AL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
. . CHAS. D. TATLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYa KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for'.YOKOHAMA^ind HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hipgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and'
connecting at Hongkong with - steamers for
India, etc.'-- No cargo received- on- board on
day- of Bailing.- • <*¦&»»•%£? -V« *n; - z*j. »vmu>t
SS, AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29. 1931
SS HONGKONG MARU.Saturday, June 22, 190X
SS.- NIPPON MaRU.. Wednesday. July 17, 1901
¦ Round-trip tickets at . reduced rates. For
freight- and -passage apply at % company's office.
421 Market street, corner • First. ._ . • , ...
>W. H. AVERT. General Agent. '
PANAMA tfciM" 111 '
TO HEW YORK V!A; FANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, "9105; Steerage, ?40.' .,
S. S. Leeianaw sails Monday, -June 3
S.S.Argyll.. - sails Monday, ' June 2-4
S.' S. Leeanaw". shi1«; Monday. .July 15
.- From Fremont -street Wh.irf at 2 p. m. '
Freight and passenger office.' 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. .
PACIFIC; STEAM NAVIGATION CO
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DEVAPORES
.To : Valparaiso, stopping ' at . Mexican, -. Central
and South 'American ports. '-:.- Sailing . Fremont-
street ¦ "Wharf. 12 m. •" ¦ . . i .- - ¦
GUATEMALA .May 17|LOA,".......:...;june 12
PALENA .....;. May 30|TUCAPEL, .....June 27
-These steamers are built'-^xpresaly , for. Cen-
tral r and South - American ¦ passenger < service.
' (No 'change : at: Acapulco or • Panama.) Freight
.and.. passenger 'of flee." 316. California street. , , -'
- BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. -Agents.-
¦Arnold, beloved -husband of I. Nellie ."Arnold; -a
" native of Iowa, aged C2 years -4 months and
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral- this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Charles J. B.
-Metzler's parlors', 636 Washington street,' un-
der- th? . auspices of the employes of ~ the
Geary-street Railroad. ¦¦ Interment - Odd Fel-
..lows' Cemetery. •
, ASSET— In this city,. May 14, 1901,- Peter Asset,
¦ a native ;of ..Belgium, aged -45 years. '
BEAN— In this city, . May 15,-1901,- Sarah -E.,
beloved wifeof Wesley. P.: Bean, a "native of
'¦Boston, -'-Mass., aged 54 years.-. * '. - ."
CARR— In this city, May 15, 1901, John J., be-
loved son of Mary Carr, and brother' of Mrs.
Frank > Kelly. Mrs. 8 M.- - Driscoll. Mrs. Katie
Falla, Patrick and Peter. Carr and the late
Cornelius and Michael Carr, -a native of
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 40 years.
(n7"Friend3 and acQuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his : late resi-
dence, 23S1/5 : Tehama.. street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where_a -solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for, the repose o*- his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. 1 Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CASEY— In 11 this city,' May 14, 1901, .''Joseph** A.,
beloved husband of Amanda Casey, father of
Roy W., Joseph E., 4 George C. and Willis A.
Tfasey, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. William
Casey, and brother of Nellie, Annie and Wil-
liam Casey, a native ' of New Hampshire,
aged 29 years. (New Hampshire a.nd Chicago-
papers please copy.) ' ' ¦ . - •
(E^Friertds and acquaintances are respect-
: ' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• "(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, fromrhis late resl-
'dence, : 2762 Twenty-fourth ". street, thence to
St Peter's Church, Alabama street, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
- repose of his soul, commencing? at 10 o'clock.
.Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .-¦.--.
PIONEER Council No. 1, Young Men's Insti-
tute—The members of this council will as-
semble at' the late-, residence of our deceased
•brother, J. A. Casey, at the hour fixed in
regular notice to attend the funeral. Fines
T , ° '¦¦ J. J. MCCARTHY. President.
. GEORGE ROSS, - Secretary. : . . .
COTTRELL— In Berkeley, May 15, • 1901, Ed-
ward M-' Cottrell. aged 75 years. ! s .
DALY — In this city, May 15, 1901, James J.,
beloved husband of- Mamie Daly, . father of
' Johnny and Ellen Daly, son of Thomas and
Mary Daly, and brother of Minnie F., John
E., Alice and Thomas D. Daly, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years 9 months and
.17 days. \ .. •— . : ' , ¦ '
'. ICS'Friends and acquaintances are -respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Friday), at 7:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence. to St. Patrick's Church, where. a re-
quiem ' high • mass will be celebrated for. the
repose of his soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. , .
DAWSON-rln.thisdty, May 14, 1901./ Josephine
Elenor Dawson. beloved daughter of John
and Mary . Dawaon, and sister of Emma,
Grover, Ambrose and Edward Dawson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged .7 years 5 months
and 16 days. <r\ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' .-'¦¦'. >
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, -from her late resi-
dence, 156 Pfleffer street, 'off Stockton, thence
' to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for Interment.'
DUNCAN— In this city; May 15, 1901, Julia A.
¦ Duncan, beloved mother of 'William B. and
Amelia Duncan, a native of ' Wellsburg, Va.,'
agedySO years 7 months and .25 days. (Cin-
cinnati papers please copy.)
ICyThe' funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
James «McMenomey & Son,' 1057 Mission
. street, opt>os!te new Postof flee. • Interment
private, Masonic Cemetery.
GOODFRIEND— In this city, May 14, 1901,.
Terris. dearly. beloved daughter of -Louis and
Emma' Goodfriend, and sister of Leila Good-
friend, a native of Stockton, aged 18 years 6
months and 3 days. (Stockton and Virginia
'City papers please copy.) . -
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock,' from her late resi-
dence, 2103 Pacific avenue! ' Interment Home
"of -Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third
'and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
GOODNIGHT— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, May 15, 1901, Rufus Goodnight, a native
of North Carolina, aged 51 years. . ;
HAGENMEYER— In this city, • May 13, 1901,
Gebhard Haeenmeyer, beloved brother of
Teresa S.'Helgoth, a native of Germany,
aged 69 years 5 months and 13 days.
!E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ • fully Invited to attend the funeral -this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonic,
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
j- under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
30, F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery., Remains at the parlors of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, , 2425 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first..
HAMILTON— Entered into rest. May 15, 1901,
Matilda M. "Hamilton, wife, of Joseph Ham-
11 ton, and mother of Samuel J., John C,
¦ James S. and Joseph»-S. Hamilton, Mrs. J.
1 N. Holmes, Mrs. S. J. Lashbrooke and Mrs.
L. A. Mesmer, a native of Ireland, aged 73
years 11 months -and 5 days. Philadelphia
. papersl please copy.) . , . -.'•*.
(C^Notice of interment hereafter.
HENRIOULLE— Drowned in Alvarado Marsh.
.May 11, 1901, Louis Joseph Henrioulle, dearly
beloved son of- John B. and Mary A. Henrl-
oulle,.. beloved-" brother, of - Elizabeth ¦ .Henrl-
oulle; and nephew of .Gustave Gresrolre .and.
Joseph Henrloulle and Mrs. ¦ E. Baccus, a na-
. tive of San Francisco, aged 13 ¦ years 3
months and. 13 days. (Chicago papers please
. copy.) ;• - .
Cy Friends and acquaintances are i respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of'
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence , to Notre Dame des Vlctoires
Church, Bush street, between Grant avenue
and Stockton street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ ' „
HOLLAND— In this city. May 14, 1901, Aman-
da, beloved wife of Edward ' Holland, a na-
tive of "\Jlsconsin, aged 34 years.
ICyFriends and , acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.., 946 Mission street.
- Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
JACOBS-rln this city. May 14, 1901, Simon L.,
beloved husband of- Esther Jacobs, falher of
-. Edith 'and Lloyd Jacobs, brother of Mrs. J.
Charles,-- Julius, Sam and Joseph Jacobs and
v Mrs. E. Hartzfeld of New- York, a native of
Prussia, aged 54 years 9 months and 3 days.
"A member of James A. Garfleld Post No. 34,
G. A. R- ¦-'••' . ..'* ••',
my Friends and acquaintances are r.espect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at .10 o'clock, , from his late resi-
dence, 145C Franklin street. Interment Home
¦ of .Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock .train
from Third and - Townsend streets.
JONES— In Benicla. - Cal., May 14, 1901, Har-
riet W. Jones, wife of the late J. W. Jones,
a native of Connecticut. (Middletown, Conn.,
. papers please copy.) •¦ . - ¦ .
C?" Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Friday), at- 2 o'clock, from the Congrega-
tional Church, Benicla. Interment private.
KEtiLY— In this city, May 15, 1901, Luke, be-
' loved husband of the late Hanora' • Kelly, a
native of the parish of Ahascragrh, : County
Galway, Ireland, aged 87 years.
!T7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at«S:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his nephew, Martin J. Touhey, 337% Minna
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of, his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment : Holy 'Cress Cemetery, j
LUBECK— In this city. May 13, 1901, Bmll Lu-
beck, a native of Altanau, Hamburg, Ger-
many, aged 55 . years. - ; - . \ •¦>' - > .¦
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral this day
(Thursday), f rom I. -O. O. F. Hall, corner
-Market and Seventh streets, where services
will be held under the auspices of Harmony
• Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F., commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment- Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1137 • Mission j street, between Seventh and
Eighth. ' '¦ - * -
¦LYNCH— In this city, May 15, 1901, Katherine
' Lynch, beloved sister of Mrs. S. O'Neill, a
native of the parish of \ Klllcommon, County
" Kerry, Ireland, aged 34 years and 10 months.
(jfyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ' to-morrow
(Friday) at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, 138»£ Silver street, thence to St.'
RoEe's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment' Holy Cross Cemetery.
MUNK-In. Napa. May 14, 1901, Peter Nelson,
beloved husband of Mary Munk, and father
¦ ' of Arthur. Myren, Alvin, William and Elmer
Munk, a native of Denmark, aged 49 years
and 2 days. ' :~- " ' ' ' ¦ ; ¦ *
NIMMO— In the. City and County . Hospital,
May 14 1901, ' James R. Nimmo, a native of
. California, ased 28 years. . ; /;.
NORTON— In this city. May 14, 1901. Thomas
• Norton, brother of Patrick and William Nor-
> ton, *> native of County Galway, Ireland,
' aired 66 years. % - ¦. . '--- - '-.----. ' ¦
(CTThe funeral will take place this . day
' (Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
' of J C O'Connor- & Co., 787 Mission street,
thence to St. .'Joseph's Church, . Tenth .street,
for services at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount.
' Calvary Cemetery. '- -'; v «.j
OWENS— In the City and County 1 Hospital,.
May 15, 1901, Peter Owens, , a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 55 years. -. .''..¦¦)
FIERCE— In th'ls city. May 15, 1901, Sarah A".',
jsv-ite of the late Joseph Fierce. v and mother
of.. Mrs* JA.« _C. . Eelta -land "Joseph/ -.Warren
.' Pierce. -. a native of Maine, aged S2 years. -
¦ ", 1C7" Notice of funeral ' in Friday morning's
¦papers. ,' -. ¦:..¦ ¦ ; , <¦ .-'.'¦.->¦¦•" ¦-'.-¦ -.'••
PYNE— In this city,- May 15, 1901.- Russell J..
.beloved son of James and Mary- E.- Pyne,. and
p brother of : George, -Robert,"- Arthur,- James
and the late Louise* Pyrie, a native ' of - San
aged 6 years 3 months and 22 days.
RITHET— In this - city, ¦ May i 14, 1901,': Edward
% Pat erson, beloved son of Mr.: and Mrs. R. P.
: Rlthet, ' a native of Victoria; . B. C., aged 20
¦ ' years : 4 months and 10 days. ¦• •' *
SCHNEIDER— In- this city. May 15. 1901, Carl
T-tf Fritz Schneider, beloved husband of Char-
lotte Schneider, father of Amalla Schneider,
' and stepfather, of Albert, 1 Elizabeth ! and ; the
late Johanna Schmidt, a" native of Germany,*
¦ aged 45 years 6 months and 15 days. ¦ 3
SCHWAB— In Oakland. '¦ May - 15." 1901. 1 Charles
Fredr. Oscar, beloved son of Peter and ,Ade-
' Ha Schwab, and brother of William R.
Schwab and Mrs." Henry Muller of Sacra-
,mento, a native of Sacramento,'- aged 31 years
¦'. 10 months and 10 days. -.* - :*.- • . ' f .
. • EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
May 18, 1901,"" at S:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1723 Fourteenth, street, Oakland,
-thence to St. ¦ Patrick! s Church, {where, a sol-
emn requiem mass will be' celebrated, com-
. menclng atr9 .o'clock.-. Interment private,
;:St. .Mary's Cemetery. :¦' .- : -" ¦ '¦-. '
TOWNDROW— In this city, May .14,' ,1901, Mrs.
Rachel ' Amanda Towndrow. beloved mother
" of Mrs.- Jennie' E. Hartley and Mrs. 'Theresa
F. Johnson,', and sister of Pyam B. and John
OB. Bacon, a native of Ohio, aged 72 years.
[CTFuneral services this day (Thursday),
at 11. o'clock, at the First Unitarian Church,
corner of Geary and Franklin streets. In-,
terment private. ' '-'.' ¦.,','•¦ ' ¦'.
TUITE— In , this city, : - May 14,' 1901, v Patrick
Tulte, a native, of Ireland, ; aged 81 years. -
• E^" Friends "and acquaintances are xespect-
* fully, invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, \irom'^ the parlors - of
Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. .
WUTHRlCH— In this city, May 14, 1901, Ama-
lie beloved wife. of "W. G. . Wuthrich. mother
of Edward and William Wuthrich. daughter
of John P. M. Gootz and the late Augusta
Gootz, and sister of ' Adolph and Ernest
Gootz, a native of San Francisco, aged 26
years-10 months and 26 days. -^ -¦
|H7"Frlends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2, o'clock, from her late resi-
: dence, 255 Thirteenth street. -Interment Ma-
;sonic Cemetery. -•....- . i-V- ••••,•--
ZACHRISSON— In this city. May 14, 1901,. Mary
Annie, beloved wife of C. O. Zachrisson, a
native of Ireland. - ¦
(rj^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at • 8:30 . o'clock, from •her-.late
residence, 11U Shotwell street, S between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a. solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul; commencine at 9 o'clock. , Interment
¦Holy Cross Cemetery. • '•
J CARD OF .THANKS.
The undersigned herewith beg to express
their sincerest thanks for the great . attend-
ance and beautiful tokens of sympathy W-
the funeral of our beloved" . brother, brother-
r in-law and uncle, Sebastian Lagger. For the
family, - .---¦¦ - C. LAGGER.
hENRY J. G ALL ACH ER CO.
; (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
- DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M B r. :¦/,..- *
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMB ALMERS, '
20 Fifth St.; opposite Lincoln Ecl.ool.\_\ • .
., •;•¦'* Telephone South 80. -. ' ¦¦ .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, :
27 and 29 Fifth st Tel. Sout^' 167. . . .
fUNEBAL DIRECT0a3 AND EMBALMER3.
¦ '.Finest* Equipment j at Moderate Rates. '. ;
I •:, j am bs McGinn, I
I Formerly with McGinnn ¦• Bros ~,\ has • opened •
I new Funeral Parlors at, 214 Eddy St. I bet I
J Taylor and Jones. ¦ Telephone South 576.-;
SAN FRANCISCO, May 6, 1901.— This is to cer- :
tify that CHARLES H. JACOB has this day,
• 'in. Department Ten -of theSuperior Courtof
. v the City and County of San FranciscoJ Cal. •
• changed his ¦ name . to CHARLES ¦ H.- J. TRU- '
- MAN. Signed: - CHAS. HV; J. TRUMAN. -„
RE.IL ESTATE-iCITT— FOR SALES.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. '\
Realty and rents both going up.
Secure a lot from us and be independent:
$500 to $S00^-Graded lots In Sunset District;
superb view; selling rapidly; $10 monthly.
$350 to $750— Choicest Richmond* lots; $10
monthly. I
$75. $100 to $350— Level Ocean Boulevard lots;
all bargains;- $5 monthly.
$75, $100 to $250— Level lots near Mission-st.
cars; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
$500, $1000 to $3500— Splendid cottages; remark-
ably cheap; choice locations; easy. terms.
Branch office. Ninth ave., near H St., Sunset.
SOL GETZ & BRO.,
64 Chronicle Building.
-~~~~ • .
FOR sale— 3-room house, lot and barn, 2 blocks
from car line. Apply at Mrs. B.VWAGNER,
1207% Scott st .; .
FOR sale — Well-constructed, modern residence.
8 rooms and bath. In a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
A. BALDASSI & CO., 2C6 Montgomery ave.—
Doing fair business with English. French,
Italian and Spanish speaking people. .
BARGAIN — That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-roora residence, 775 Cole 6t. ; open dally.
IF you have lots -to cell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. CUN T N. 630 California St.
SACSALITO REAL ESTATE. .
BAUS ALITO residence for 6ale ; the beautiful
homo of WM. G. BARRETT, within 3 min-
utes' walk of depot; large modern house of
20 rooms ani 2 baths; completely furnished;
private gas works; fine- well; magnificent
view of bay; large grounds, under high cul-
tlvatlon. Apply S. G. HINDES. 330 Market.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL cottage at a sacrifice to close
estate; 7 rooms, bath, pantry; latest 'style
mantel; folding doors; bay-window; front and
back porch; cement basement, with large
wash and storerooms; large ornamental
trees; nice lawn and shrubbery; chicken
yard; lot 50x135; 2 blocks from station, school,
church and stores; price $1850; only $500 cash,
balance to suit; bank loaned $1600 on this
property.
Bargain; stop paying rent; new modern cot-
tatres of 5 and 6 rooms each; only 2 blocks
from station to center of town; price $1600;
$1M down, balance $17 50 per month; do not
fail to see these cozy homes; take Berkeley
train get off at Lorin station; office west side
of R. R. track; open Sundays.
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
$2250— IN the heart of town; cozy, pretty cottage
home with bay-window, basement, stone
walks and nice open lawn; only a block from
Broadway; small payment down; inducement
for all cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$15 PER month— Total only $1000; cottage of 5
rooms: sunny side; handy to San Pablo ave.;
walking distance- of downtown: street and
walks complete; a snap for, a home or Invest-
ment.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1C0S Broadway. Oakland.
BERKELEY
J5000— Modern house near U. C; rented at $43
per month : fine Investment.
$3000—4 new modern 7-room • houses; large
lot: lots of fruit; 5 minutes of U. C. grounds;
marine view; easy terms. M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway. Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
Fni*ITTALE REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP — Modern 5-room house; $250 cash,- bal-
ance $13 17 per month, principal and interest;
large lot; east from near station and school;
connected with sewer. P. H. BLAKE, Fruit-
vale P. P.. East Fourteenth st. _^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.! '
$250 CASH. $7 -monthly; • 4-room cottage: • good
well of water, small barn, chicken shed and
run; 3 fine lots, 75x100; picket fenced; excel-
lent soil; charming view; best climate; near
two electric car lines; 90-foot boulevard and
model Bchoolhouse: away from cold winds and
fog; 90 families have located here within 3
y«-ars; price, all told, $S50; call or send for
circular, 435' Seventh St.. Broadway Sta-
tion, Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
OAKLAND! "
50- FOOT lot and 10 rooms, modern residence;
5 minutes' walk to Adeline station; cheap; also
beautiful modern home on Telegraph ave.;
walking distance from town. M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, -the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS' FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELIZABETH", 12. near Guerrero— 5 sunny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; rent $15.
FIFTH, 34S— Suite of rooms, ' furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
MARKET. 21S2— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; private family; adults only; $10. - '
MCALLISTER. 53S— Elegantly furnished sunny
parlor suite; sink; gas; range; bath and
laundry; $20. ! .
MINNA," 28 — Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms. 75c and $1 per week.
MINNA, 6G7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bow window: mantel; closets; water; gas
TURK, 613—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$10 per month; 1 large front room unfur-
nished. " , ¦
TWELFTH. 120—2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; select locality.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Filimore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has Deen established at , 1096
Valencia £t. • ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ '
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Untnrn.
AHLBORN* HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city: polite attendance;
large rooms, EOc up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 118 Sixth— Rooms!
'25c to $1 per night; $125 to '$5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, • 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHESTNUT, 2S3. North Beach— 2 or more, fur-
. . nished rooms for housekeeping purposes; fine
. view and sun; quiet neighborhood.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL ST. DENIS, 24 Turk, near Market-
Steam heated, fireproof, new building; hew
and elegant furniture; single rooms and
suites' with or without private bath: hot and
" cold water, electric light and return call-
bell in every room;, elevator and full hotel
- service; rates 75c per day and upward:: ref.
HAMPTON place, 17, off Folsom, bet: Second
and Third — 4 -6unny rooms and yard.
JESSIE, 263, rear Fifth— Furnished rooms, $5
and $6. "'
KEARNY- 215— Four furnished rooms to let;
also two front windows to let, MRS. E..M.
TOBIN. . '- ¦ -..-¦¦¦
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1049 A— Front rooms, en suite, sin-
gle; also other rooms; telephone Howard 108.
MARKET, 1527V4— Nicely furnished I back ¦ and
front parlor with double bed; rent $10.'
METROPOLE. 6 Turk, cor. Market— Newly fur-
nlsbed rooms from 50c to $2 per day.,' <¦¦-.¦-
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, ~ week, mo.
PINE. 704— Furnished rooms; suitable f or: 1 or
2; $6' and $7.. . / ... / ¦> -..
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis : st— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room. 6moking-room and ladles' par-.
' lor; rooms," per nlitht, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to . $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. :
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. »¦
STEVENSON, 635 — Large sunny furnished
; rooms; nice for gentlemen... . , - '
SUTTER, 703, cor. Taylor (The San Remi)—
Sunny furnished rooms, suites or, single.
STOCKTON. 41 and 45 — Desirable rooms can be
. had, tl 50 per week up; near, all theaters.
THE Crocker, " 915 . Left venworth— Fine -sunny,
rooms, single "and en suite ; beautiful grounds.Continued from Fifth Page
POSTAL SERVICE
MEN DINE CHIEF
. Eugene Resta'urant, ? 26l:O'Farrell/. Union
card. Priv.' rooms for families.. Flrst T class»_
A' warrant was issued yesterday by
Judge Fritz for the arrest of E. A. Win
free on the charge of felony embezzle
mert. Winfree was employed by : the
Royal Portrait Company. 1145 Market
street, and secured $200 by writing from
interior towns that he wanted the money
to nay agents and that i business was
booming. The agents wrote later that
they had not received a. cent and it was
ascertained that Winfree had - left for
Western -Virginia. '
Accused of Embezzlement.
These officers will be installed at the
regular meeting on the last Sunday, in
May.
President, Harry GIbb;.. first vice president.
J. D. Laing; second vice ¦ president, Farley
Lewis; secretary-treasurer, ' . H. ¦ L. White;
member of executive committee, E. H. Cary;
trustee. L. Michelson; sergeant' at arms, A.
D. Smith; delegates to International Typo
graphical Union, Harry GIbb, D. S. White;
alternates, G. C. Bigler. A. B. Sanborn; dele?
pates to Allied Trades Council. J. J. Nealy,
II Li. White; delegates to Labor Council, J.
J. Gerran, Harry GIbb. J. K. Phillips, Thomas
Wright and H. L, White.
At the election held yesterday the follow
ing named were elected as officers of San
Francisco Typographical Union No. 21:
Typographical Union Election.
It may be said that the rural free 'delivery
service has passed from Its Infancy and has
reached the years of a healthy boy,' Just the
time when he needs the closest attention and
care of his watchful parentB. ' I arnMn a posi
tion to k»jw that the rural free delivery ser
vice to-day Is receiving the closest and most
careful consideration of our honored chief,' and
under his vigilant eye this bouncing boy will
grow into youth and manhood, and become
eventually^ the sturdy giant of our postal ser
vice. MsiWjaRiiflS^HnHwtinHw
The magnificent success the eerrtcB ban (bits
Passed From Its Infancy.
It causes a betterment or social Intercourse
by quick , mall communication In the cojfctry
and between the country and the • city, pro
ducing results of incalculable good to the pub
lic at large. In short, my friends, . rural free
delivery is the ,; city clasplnir hands with the
country and drawing: its country cousins into
a closer and more satisfactory .relationship.
Every rural letter carrier is an animated— a
living postofflce, so to speak. Besides perform
ing the ordinary duties of a letter carrier he
l>ostmarks the letters ho collects,' sells stamps,
registers letters and receives applications for
money orders, and then, on his own account,
renders for his patrons such other services as
do not conflict with his official duties.
Rural free delivery . means the dissemination
of knowledge on a scale heretofore unheard of
through a greatly Increased circulation of news
papers and periodicals in rural communities. It
places the daily market reports. • weather fore
casts and the news qf the day In the hands of
the farmer without* delay.
Although the new service is but two or
three years old it has already become an as
sured, permanent and expanding branch of
the fostal system, and it Is only a question
of time and executive celerity until the whole
people of the United States may have their
mail delivered at their very dooi steps.
What I have ssen in your beautiful State
convinces me. that there are few others which
I>resent the natural advantages for the uni
versal extension of free delivery. Now, what
is rural free delivery? A queer cruestlon, in
deed, to ask in a company of r>ostal officials,
yet few not directly connected with the intro
duction and management of the service know
that rural free delivery stands for. more than
the mere delivery and collection of ordinary
mail. It means the expansipn of our postal
svbtem in all its branches: the extension of
every postal facility to the home of the
farmer. .
The very rapid extension of rural free de
livery surpasses all previous records in the
development of the postal service. .The first
route was established on October 15, 1896. On
July 1. 1897, there were but forty-three routes
in operation. Twelve months later the record
shows about ninety; July 1, 1899. about 350;
last July, 1263; next July will find 4300 rural
carriers maklnz daily delivery to 3,500,000 peo
ple, and by July L 1902, 'the service will num
ber at least S600 routes, serving over one-third
of the accessible rural population of the coun
try. '., .,:. ¦>./:
Rural Free Delivery.
The first movement for free delivery met with
considerable opposition, and we find that after
therlrst year the service was discontinued in
twenty-one, offices. AH opposition, however,
gradually disappeared, and to-day there is an
almost universal . demand for the service.
In the year 18S3 one-fortieth of the appro
priation for the postal service was devoted to
free delivery. The appropriation for the ensuing
fiscal year for the maintenance of both - city
and rural delivery amounts to about twenty
one millions of dollars, or more than one-sixth
of the total appropriation. This amount equals
the entire postal revenues of the year of 1872.
To-day the amount annually paid for th»
transportation of letter carriers on street cars
exceeds the first appropriation for the entire
fr«>e delivery service.
It is only a sense uf modesty that keeps
me from claiming that the free delivery ser
vice is the most important branch of our de
partment. I may safely claim, however, and
I believe the honorable members of the Housp
of Representatives who are seated around this
festal board agree with me, that since the
addition of the rural free delivery feature the
system bas become the most popular branch
of our great postal organization. ¦ .
Like all other Innovations and new depart
ures the free delivery service had a small
beginning and considerable opposition.
A. W. Machen, superintendent of free
delivery, was £text introduced to respond
to the toast, "The Free Delivery System,
City and Rural." In part he said:
Now, gentlemen. It Is past 12 o'clock; I want
to say to you here to-night, as I have said
to a great many of you before, I will be
pleased to see you year after year still using
that same energy, still having that interest
in the public service to further the best in
terests of the postofflce In your community,
in the communities where you reside, that
you now have, and continue your pride in
making the ¦ postoffice of- San Francisco and
the postofflces in the surrounding towns the
equal of any postoffices in the United States.
(Applause.)
lions. ¦ In 1900 it had increased to seventy-six
millions. The wealth in 1790 was reported to be
two billions. The wealth in 1900 eighty billions.
The number of postofflces In 1780, with its
four millions of people, was 75. In 1300 it had
grown until there were 17,691. The postal
revenues in 1790 were $37,975. In 1930, $102,351,
579 29. The increase of population in 110 years
has been 19 to 1; In wealth 40 to 1; in post
offices 1000 to L (Applause.) Revenue of pos
tal service l 2700 to 1 (applause), which markb
In golden letters the progress of a natlon^a
nation gTeat and strong— that is intelligent and
communicates one to the other. Postal ser
vice is necessary to civilization, and in this
country to a gTeater degree than any other
the people patronize the postofflce department.
You refer to the postal department as the
greatest business institution in the world.
Yes, when you contemplate the great army of
employes, the millions and millions of dollars
handled every year; when we stop to think how
few of those dollars stick to the fingers of
the employes, you must be forcibly reminded
of the honesty and Integrity of the average
employe of the postal service of this country.
(Applause.)
I ran across tome figure* the other day — I do
not know who is the father of them. Ther
were of interest to me and marked the progress
of the postal service of this country— a postal
service inferior to no other on the face of the
jrlobe. (Applause.) A' postal service more eco
nomically manared than any postal service on
the face of the globe. When we contemplate
that two-thirds of the matter we handle and
distribute is handled and distributed for the in
significant eum of about three and a half mil
lions, and the deficit » mo email, one must ne
cessarily be astonished in the economy In the
administration of the postal service. Our
postal service to-day will return to us a sur
plus cf many millions of dollars. In 1730 the
iic.u'.ation of the United States was four mil-
Progress of the Service.
It meant hard times for this country and
r-very man. woman an<l child had it brought
home to his own hearthstone. The next year
was the first year of your fiscal administra
tion. Times began to change. The receipts
began to increase. Our deficit began to grow
emaller. • I do not know what you are going
to do this year. You Iiave done more than I
ever anticipated. But. of course we are on
the up-grade — business is Increasing— every
man in the festal service . now is 'doing his
utmost, is. doing more than any man should
do by reason of the enormous and unpre
cedented growth of our service. Congress has
been . liberal in 41s appropriations to your de
partment the last two or three years. '. We
have • given all you asked. Congress thought
it was a lavish appropriation of money, yet
the enormous increase ot receipts following and
increasing month by month has demonstrated
to us that increasing , as we , have in the
amount appropriated we have been unable to
appropriate enough .to run the sen-ice. ¦
Congress occupies a unique position. It
etandK. as it were, between the people and Jts
servants. «-fco diEpense the public money col
lected by means of taxation from the sweat
of the faces of the many millions of people
who contribute their mite to make up the hun
dreds cf millions that are expended annually.
It is our function to restrain. To-night I am
cailed ujx>n to resuond. and I am not pre
pared. Great men like you and I need not be
prepared. (Laughter.) I do not know how you
do; I always do better when I am not pre
pared.
"The pcctal sen-ice of the United States as
a factor in our national growth." I have not
yet even cot fo far In my toast as to ascer
tain whether the postal service Is a factor in
our national growth or the national growth is
a factor in the rwstal service. There is one
thing, however, the postal service is the best
evidence of the j>rogre66 and prosperity that
th!« or any other country may have. You re
member In the dark days of 1S?6 and 1S97 when
in the year ending June 30,, 18%, the postal re
ceipts were less than they were for the fiscal
year end ins June 30. 1SS5.
After some preliminary and very com
plimentary remarks directed to the Post
master General personally. Congressman
Loud continued as follows:
Congressman Loud was next introduced
to tell of "The Postal Service of the
United States as a Factor in Our National
Growth."
Loud Is Humorous.
For years he has earnestly sought and labored
to check the abuses which have grown up in
fcecend -class mail matter. And I undertake to
eay that r.o man in Congress has more zeal
ously devoted himself to a better work than
Mr. Loud has done In consecrating himself to
that cause. (Applause.) He has ne^er had the
full measure ot success in its achievement to
which he was entitled and which the cause
itsflf deserved, but I do not believe that he
v-ili abate his zeal in that sood work and I
think X may whisper that the department will
try to co-operate. <Ai.plause.) And if legisla
tion shall not be altogether successful we will
try to t;ee — we do not know how much success
can be achieved— but we will try to see what
can be accomplished in that direction by ad
ministrative methods. (Applause.)
And during the next two years we shall
more than double it, and I believe — I do not
know what my dietinjjuiehed friend who sits
In Congress and who puts the check on us will
tay— but for my part, tpeaking for once with
freedom (laughter), I believe that we shall so
establish and fix this system within the com
ing year that no power in this country. ¦ in
Congress or anywhere else, can prevent us
from carrying the postal service to these twen
ty millions of people scattered over a million
square miles* of territory. (Applause.) And
there is another thought to be associated with
that. My distinguished friend, llr. Louc], is
somewhat known throughout the country in
connection with a bill to which casual and
occasional reference hag been made as the
"Loud bill." (Applause.)
This eervlce in great cities like San Fran
cisco is splendid. There Is no better aiiywhere
in the world, but San Francisco, New York,
Philadelphia and Chicn?o are not all of this
great country of ours. Spreading, as It does,
uvtr Its wide expanse of three thousand miles
in breadth; It covers a vast area of territory
not so thickly settled and the postal service
must keep its eye on those who live upon the
farm as well ss upon those who live In the
toivns. (Applause.) We have carried under
our system the postoffice to the doors of more
than three millions of people who live in the
cities and towns, but It is for us yet to carry
the post&ffice to the doors of more than twenty
millions who live over a million square miles
of territory upon the farms and through the
rural regions of the United States. (Applause.)
Ihiring the past two years we have extended
rural free delivery in this country over a ter
ritory greater than the .entire area of England.
Vi'e have done it in two years and have not
made much fuss about it. (Applause.)
Service Is Splendid-
done much, but there ie much yet to do. Our
¦watchword must ever be "Onward." I have
no us* for a Postmaster General or for a pos
tal official who believes that we have yet
reached the hlgrhest place and says that noth
ing more Is to be done. Our watchword. I re
peat, is "Onward," and we must carry this
service forward to a still higher standard.
There are some treat measures of broad pol
icy connected with this eervice to which we
cannot be indifferent.
I do not know why you jump me up. who am
not a. talker, when, there are so many brilliant
speakers here, but I have made It a rule of
life in my profession at: least to make a 'try
at anything: that has j been set for me to do.
Therefore I am willing, so far as I am able
to assist you in welcoming these gentlemen
rrom Ohio. -Governor : Nash, , I regret that I
cannot as a citizen of California welcome you
here with the other illustrious men that are
with you. but as, the senior military commander
on this. coast I do welcome you,. and welcome
you most heartily, and I am sure it is a verx
happy, occasion when so many of you can come
to this ¦} coast. ; I think it is a good thins for
men to .mingle from, all the States, so that we
may realize that we all. have the same fears
and | hopes throughout the entire country," and 1
that • while we make ' claim * to statehood we
always. have the higher heritage of being citi
zens of^the one great republic. It ' is to me
one orthe most pleasing of. my last semi-official
acts at leasts to welcome. you here. I feel that
it is only excelled by the honor, of performing
my last military, duty under arms, that > of -be-'
ing -the. escort of honor- to-that illustrious and
distinguished citizen of Ohio, the great, good,
the wise iof,. these United States.
(Applause.) •¦•:.¦• ;..r. *,:•.,
Eoonis Were: Crowded; • ..;. ;
- The rooms of the ' League "we're densely'
thronged with club, members' and invited
guests. yln^ the throng were: -Lieutenant
Governor , Neff, , Senator. John F.t Davis,
Senator; Charles M; Belshaw,- Senator T.
H. Selvage, Senator Chester Rowell.S.AV.
Backus, George- Stone.. E.H. Rixford,
Louis Glass; Major Watson, Wendell East
on, j;; c. Currier,' William M. .Bunker.. W. ;
F- Parker. C.,W. Kyle, Frank J. Symmes,
V'p- \ om S. A; G.' Booth; Chauncey M. St.
John.. Josepli Spear; K.- C. :• 'Palmier!. J.,CV
Campbell^ John Hayne,'. George H.'.Fippy,
Tirey L. Ford, . Benjamin Fehnewinn, John
§f C ,^' J 5 - A , : ¦ pampbell of . Eureka, C. ' L.
Field Frank V P.- Kelly, * John J. -Barrett,
Charles Nelson, -A: B.;Leamlng, .Senator
Thomas -Flint Jr.," L. ,'H. Garrigus
Salinas,;TV . C. j Van Fleet. J. A. ;Hosmer,
fjank -. Leach. ¦ Senator- J. ? J.'jLuchsinser.
.William.'Powning/ S. ¦ B. , Fulton i of- Santa
P? s * a> AS enry:L; Pi ttockof Portlaml; Dis
trict Attorney By In gton. M.,H.-Myrlck,-A:'
G. Myers of Siskiyou, ,W.' R.;Smedberg, N.
T.-Messer, rAl.i Gerberding. A. :P. Hunt,
HV G. '.W.,l>inkelspiel,; C.W.i Gordon.. J.
Thompson of Eureka. N. . Blackstock,
Judge '-Mannon; of ( Uklah; Horace Wilson ¦
Jacob^Steppacher.-M/H.de Young Jacob
Greenbaum. V C.- S. ,. Laumeister, ; .-. Joseph
Simonson ¦ S. (J. Hendy. r. William J. - Kud
¦T^h 11 1 1 , lam J -" He rrin,> Charles ;O. Scott,
J., M.] Bailey; A. >E Castle, Frank A:«Vail
Jes f e c B - ifuUer.tl. * W.' Hellman :and' Gen
eral. Shafter. • "Among ' Oregonians ; present
werer^M.-C. George. George A.'Steele.J.
g- Haseltine, - F. W.r Mulkey . and, John
General Shatter, who was not on the
programme for a speech, was called upon
to address the meeting and did so In an
pfr-nand manner, saying: . ¦
General Shafter Talks.
Albert G. Burnett, Judge of the Superior
Court of Sonoma County, responded in
what -was. from an oratorical standpoint
one of the best speeches of the evening on
the subject of . "Public Stewardship." Be
ginning in a light, sparkling, witty treat
ment of the subject, he' soon became seri
ous and combated eloquently the Idea
that there, has been any decline in the
ideals «f public service, illustrating and
enforcing! his argument by reference to
the public careers of Governor Nash and
President McKinley. .
Not only that, gentlemen, but certainly we
have just cause to be grateful to the splendid
Onio 4 representatives in the Congress of the
united States who have also honored us with
.their presence within. the borders of this State,
because among- those representatives are to
be found the greatest champions of the doc
trine of expansion, the greatest champions of
the splendid statesmanship of our great Presi
dent -William McKinley. (Great applause.) By
adherence to the policies of that administra
tion California has entered upon a course of
prosperity unrivalled in the world's history.
Again I say that California rejoices, not only
at the presence of, these 'distinguished gentle
men, but delights in the fact that they brought
with them their beautiful and accomplished
wives and lady companions from that State.
(Applause.) And we . extend a j similar greet
ing to the gentlemen and ladles from the other
States who tire within this State. Gentlemen
of the Union League. .. I thank you for your
courtesies extended to these: visitors. .. >
Mr. President and Gentlemen: As the Union
League .is accredited with, being .and is the
moit powerful political organisation within the
State of California I desire 'to say at the out
set a lew words in reference to that organiza
tion. I. desire to say, on behalf of the people
of this State— I think I am justified . in thus
saying— that they , are . blest % that this grand
league should have tendered a reception to the
eminent visitors f rorn OTiio and elsewhere. ¦ I
take i pleasure in saying that | California feels
highly honored, at the presence within Its
borders of the able Governor, of Ohio and his
handsome and accomplished staff. I do. not
mean to exclude my friend over ; there who
so gayly danced last evening* on the order of
the commander ¦ in ¦ chief. . , :^- ' .
Governor. Henry T. Gage was then called
upon to respond for "California," which
he did as follows : •
Governor Gage Speaks.
J. F. Burkett, Justice of the Ohio Su
preme Court, responded . in- a humorous,
anecdotal vein to a call for. "A Judicial
Opinion of the West," giving some of his
impressions and observations of what
struck him as some peculiar features of
our State.
voyage farther up the coast to our State. We
would extend to them a most glad welcome If
they could come and see what we have up In
that country. : :. > . ¦ ¦ -; ¦
I want now on behalf of the entire people of
the State of Oregon to. thank the people of San
Francisco for the magnificent and wholesome
reception they gave upon the return ol that
regiment to San Francisco now nearly three
years aeo. (Applause.) -I am sincerely sorry,
and in makinsr this expression I voice the sen
timent of every citizen of Oregon, that the
famous Governor of ' Ohio and his party cannot
Thanks People of This City.
son of either California or Ohio, and I am not
free to say which on this occasion. (Renewed
laughter.) Oregon is relatively a new country.
H has not been very many years comparatively
since our fathers first began to settle the green
slopes and the fertile valleys of that Western
country- which has become a part of our great
union . of States. The history of Oregon now
forms an important part of the .history of our
common country. Whil° this is true it is also
true that these are the closing years of the
century since the great Jefferson, with re
markable foresight, . formed • and sent out the
famous Lewis and Clarke expedition, which
practically discovered the , Oregon country, and
I or more than forty years the Oregon question
was of national importance. • '; :
The object of Jefferson, prirr rily perhaps,
was not the acquisition of more territory for
purposes of immediate ¦ settlement, ¦ because at
that'tlme there were literally millions of acres
of unoccupied fertile land to be had In the
Mississippi Valley; -but if I may be permitted,
to say this In the presence of my loyal Cali
fornia frJends, Jefferson himself eaid - that he
had the idea. that somewhere in the Western
country there must be a' great waterway bear
ing still westward from the mountain -chains
on. tho .Pacific Coast that would ultimately.be
the gateway for the great -traffic that will
finally spring up between : this nation and' the
Orient. . This I trust, will not interfere with
the prospects and the hopes of the people of
S&rj Francisco. (Laughter.). \ -¦
Gentlemen, in. the initiatory steps which havp
already been taken toward the development of
this great trade . of which we are all proud.
Oregon has borne and will continue Jo bear, an
important part. When the trouble ™'ith Spain
arose three years ago, and. the call was Is
sued for troops for the purpose of maintaining
our rights«and our position in- the Philippine
Islands. Oregon was among the first States to>
respond with a well-equipped' regiment, which
was composed of the flower of its young man
hood; an.d the record of the Second Oregon
in the Philippine Islands . Is one that is not
confined to the ¦ boundaries of the State which
sent ¦ it forth nor even to the nation whose
flag it upheld. ' . » ;;¦*;
The Postmaster General's invitation to
the banauet was beautifully engraved
upon a gold plate,, which was presented to
him as seouvenir of the occasion. !
far attained is the pride of the present pro
gressive administration. The broad-minded
policy of our Postmaster General in promptly
and successfully executing the law providing
for the introduction of rural free delivery will*
mark his administration of the postal service
as the greatest In the history of the depart
ment, and it will truthfully be written by the
future historian that Charles Emory Smith
was the people's Postmaster General.
The speaking closed by a response to
"The Interior Postofflces" by G. M.
Francis.
Those at the table -were:
Guests— Hon. Charles Emory Smith, Hon. A.
"W. Machen, Hon. Eugene F. Loud, Hon. Julius
Kahn. Hon. Frank L. Coombs. J. H. Bromwell.
Hosts— R. L. Apple, Ktuart Aldrlch. Alexander
M. Athanaslade, L. II. Bricker. W. Bullock,
John Barrlngton, Frank P. Breed. J. W. Bur
son, J. O. Coleman, \V7 T. Campbell. A. M.
Cox. J. O. Culver, 11. L. Culver, George F.
Conway, H. J. Cavenay. George W.' Day, John
Dugan. E. F. Donnelly, H. F. Dodge, James
W. Krwln. T. J. Tord. G. M. Francis, W. H.
Friend, Frank' D. Grilfin, H. B. Hall. Frank
J. Hare, Frank Hickman, H. R. Hoffman, T.
Z. Hardee, B. L. Hesseltlne, W. M. Joseph!.
AV. J. King. Charles Kleb. A. Keller, T. W.
Leydecker. H. M. Locke, Harry Lewis, Frank
Lorey, C. T. Lagecrantz, W. "W. Montague,
R. R. Munro. Robert H. Morse. R. W. Mad
den. B. F. McKinley. John L. Meares, P. H.
Millberry, T. A. Nelson. James O'Connell, E.
A. O'Connor. R. T. Onyon, W. D. Pennycook,
W. J. Phillips, John W. Perry. Charles N.
Perkins, John T. Ruach, R. M. R. Roche,
Joseph Rudee. D. S. Richardson, James H.
Smith. L. P. Smith. H. P. Thrall. Conrad Trie
ber, A. J. Vlning, A. S. J. Woods.
NASH IS ENTERTAINED :
: BY UNION LEAGUE GLUB
Continued from Fourth Page. ,
• President McKinley has. announced that he vrill not; attend';
any, of the public, or . social fun ctions arranged for the remainder
of his visit. The members of -the Cabinet decided yesterday to r
cancel the trip to Mount Tainal pais, to have been made this morn- ; ¦
ing, and to give no assurance u ntil this afternoon that they will
be present at subsequent receptions or banquets. The programme
for'the remainder of the week, 1 now provisional,. is as follows:
. TO-DAY.
2:30 p. in.— Reception In parlors of Palace Hotel by Sons and
._. Daughters of American Revolution. ¦ t
. . 3:30 p. m. — Ground to be broken for monument to American narf, £
. "• Union Square. • I ¦ . . ; •
3:4O p. m Reception at Xatlve Sons' Hall by Mexican AV'ar Vet
erans^ Loyal Legion, Native Sons and Xative Daueb.-. '
ters. / . -'- . ¦ v'. ..':'-' V ', ¦¦ : .:---, ¦ . ¦ '¦ . v'r'J.}^
T«OO p. m. Oliio Society banquet,' Palace Hotel. '
• 8:30 a.m. — Congressional trip to Marc Island Xavy Yard.
3:00 p. m. — Reception to ladies of the Presidential party at Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art.
7:OO p.m. Banquet to ladies of Presidential party, given by'
ladles of Ohio Society, California Hotel.
FRIDAY; MAY 17.
O:3O a.m. — Reception by schoolchildren, Van Ness avennej drive
to Golden Gate Park and ocean beach; luncheon at
' • Cliff House., • ; •
9:OO p.m. — Lengnc of the Cross Cadets' drill, Mechanics' Pavilion. .
9:30 p. m. Campfire, • MeKinley .Provisional . Post No. 1OO1, . G. A.- .
• . ¦• R-, Golden Gate '„ Hall. : •. .•..¦".' ': •
9:OO a. m.— Goreraor Kash starts for Mount Tamalpals.
9:15 n. m. Congressmen's automobile trip about the city.
Morning— Visiting Congressmen will. Inspect jmbllc buildings
and vrater front. ¦.'
12:00 m. — Luncheon "for visltins Congressmen at Merchants'
¦ Club.V'. .''.¦¦'¦' | ' ' '.¦; " .; r :
Evening- — Reception to Secretary -Long by" Unitarian , Club at
Merchants' Club. .'.',¦
7:00 p.'m^— 311ssourl Society's reception to Secretary Hitchcock,
Y._M. C. A. building. \
S:OO p. m.— Ohio Society reccpt|on to Governor Nash.
SATURDAY,' MAY 18." ; . ' '
1O:OO a. m. — Naval parade to Union Iron Works. ' ' '¦ {' .
ll:OO a*, m.- — Reception', to ' workmen of Union Iron Works.
12:20 p. m. — Launch of ,the battleship Ohio^- " . . . •
1:30 p. m.— Luncheon by Union League Club, Palace Hotel.
Hotel.
7:00 p. m.— Citizens' banq.net at Palace Hotel. "'
10:00 a. m.— Trip about bay on R csolute for visiting Congressmen.
SUNDAY, MAY 19.
ll:OO a. m.— President Trill attend services at Central Methodist
Episcopal Church. ' ; . / * .
5:00 p. m.— President" dines with niece, Mrs. George E. Morse.
: MONDAY, MAY 2a
10:00 a.m. — President's departure.
PROVISIONAL PROGRAMME FOR
REMAINDER OF PRESIDENT'S STAY
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY^ MAT 16, - 1901.
16
Sale of Trifflffled Millineryo
§At $5, $6 and $7.50
AVe have planned that this, our
early Summer Sale of Women's
Fine Trimmed Hats, for the next
three days shall be the Millinery
Event of the Season; that to-day
and Friday and Saturday shall be
the very busiest of days in this
department- It will be a Special
Offering at $5.00, $6.00 and $7.50
which will allow you to select
from some of the swellest Hats
shown this season. Tucked Chif-
fon styles in black, white and colors; also new ideas in Braid
and Straw effects — models of exquisite style beauty. All,
new creations in keeping with the advancing summer; every
one possessing that individuality which gives Our Millinery the
preference with fashionable dressers wanting something out of
f\ Tit 1 T1 53 T*"V*
5ale of Women's Tailored Suits.
e»*~**<*~~^*~^-~*—-**~* This offering extraordinary is of some two hundred of
) ~ mtm s*^ ( this season's best styles in Women's Fine Tailor-made
\ |iJ I V • P^m I ) Suits.- actual $20 and S2S values; cut and made in the
) Wj %. jtmg i <L# v/ \ heig-ht of fashion— coverts, homespuns, Venetians and
V / broadcloths, In lig'ht and oxford grays, brown, navy, tan
/-— n-— — —^^-~w-^*-^—\ and cardinal are included in the lot for a choice. Seek-
ers of a 6ummer suit will find this without doubt the best offering with the
greatest saving ever announced at this early date.
Items of Interest in Basement Salesroom.
CHILDREN'S 20c VALUES, FAST WOMEN'S GOLF SKIRTS, regular
BLACK HOSIERY, sizes 5 to 9; special $3.00 values; special 83 75.
I2^c pair. . . — . _
T'vrpraTi' rtttp <5irvrxrp-R nntt CHILDREN'S SUN BONNETS,
SETlf sSiaf^Sf SUMMER COR- wh i te and colors: 25c and up.
£PI3CIAL SALE MUSLIM UNDER SUMMER SHIRT WAISTS, special
WEAR. *>Oc. _^
SUM>rER PETTICOATS, special NEW STOCK SUMMER WRAP-
95c. Sl.OO- PERS. 95c SPECIAL and up.
%Z& j&auis &Gx>.
Cor. Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is more common than we may think, if
¦we define gluttony as eating beyond the
body's need of 'sustenance and beyond
the stomach's capacity for digestion and
assimilation of food. .That is a fair
definition, and it fastens the name glut-
ton on many a- person who would resent,
the term as an insult. The fact of this
gluttony is marked by its consequences.
The overloaded • stomach becomes dis-
eased. The popular term for the condi-
tion is " weak " stomach. The " weak r -.
stomach fails in furnishing adequate nu-.
trition for the body, and soon the g weak- 1
¦ness" spreads from the stomach to other
organs. . . ,
Dr.' Fierce r s Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion • and nutrition. It
enables the perfect assimilation of food,
by which alone the health and strength
of the body is maintained. . v
"Your medicine helped me so much that I~
cannot praise it too highly," ¦writes Mrs. C. L. ,
Brooks, of Poland, Androscoggin Co., Me. «The'
first dose _ I -took helped me. I cannot forget.
how. I felt~when I toot it ; I was suffering every-
thing with indigestion . and my stomach was so
I bloated that it seemed as though it must burst.'
My husband said he was going for the | doctor,
but I said if he would get me a bottle of the
'GoHen Medical Discovery' I would try "that. .
I had not taken it long when I felt relieved, and ij
have not had a touch of indigestion or stomach
trouble since. I had been sick for four years,
and less . than ' four - bottles cured me. Some
people that knew me before I began to take the >
• f Golden Medical Discovers '. tell me that they '
never saw such a change m any one, and they .
also say thev don't see how I can do such lar;5e I
washings as 1 do now, when I had not done a
washins: for «o loug." : . . .
Be. ''Pierce's Pellets cure biliousness. r
: I " .¦¦-''-';¦-'.¦ ¦'• .'.' ¦ '
• '¦ ' "'
I Some of
1-Day's,
' WOMEN'S^SKIRTS.
Black Moreen Skirts, jaccordeon-
Jjleated, sold all over* at p ff| _
$i.oo. Our price to-day H 91 P
i ;.....;-:..;...... JUU
Biack or Colored Mercerized Sateen
jSkirts, flounced," ' trimmed with
, jthree , small ruffles. '. Sold fl Q
.elsewhere at $1.^0. Our *3H|"
Jsale price ;. . . . . . . 7 ... . . ."1 \i*J W
Black or \* Colored Mercerized
I 'Moreen Skirts.sflbiince lined, and
Jaccordeon-pleated. A >h A £¦ f\
Jgood $2.25 value. On '\,\ a .) H Q I '
. ,'sale at .. . . . . A ....... *# D I UU
Black Silk Moreen Skirts, trimmed'
Kyith:" numerous rows' of pinked
jruching I- over .an ,. accordeon-
.pleated , hiffle.' . • Our ' gjft r .
,'. regular price $<5.oo. V % , fl •¦ T ;
|On sale at'. .....I..:: W*t 3; I, U,
To-day we place on our counters all
: ' our ',$1.00 ' Colored ¦Chambrey
.'¦•)' Waists, > tucked front' an d-TPO'V
- back; come in .all/ the f
I newest shades. ; On r sale.. I UU
Your choice to-day of 'alllour $1.50,
; ' All-OvercI-ace.. Waists, ft ft .
sizes 2>2' to 44. On *fril^
¦Wd bought a drummer's sample;lirie
;j .of AVomeh'sT : Wrappers— -come ¦¦'. in ;
! '.all sizes and'pretty^shades. M Q n
Your ; choice*. to-day ". . . • j|nPI
1212-^1214 MARKET ST.;:
' . Eet. Taylor and Joce3. v ;• ' •
v^^^^' •"¦ ' je» • \^^m^- '¦' ¦ i \ '\^^^j' From Mrs. Amanda* Shumaker, who has
CpBIH^ SSk J@f^ $§& dOSE^^L. B ' [^r^SBSS charge of the grammar department of the
"-ff'v . ; ¦- '" "lean speak ortly good words of the
>. — ¦: — 5^ -v v repeated benefits I have had from the use
¦ - - • ¦ ' i^S ¦ r — '•¦'•¦ i of peruna - *
'¦'' : Jfl^^^^B^- Qlinili H ''Too constant application to work
#&^j|§||r^[r V il %3 U li U last wtnter caused me to have severe
JpPfi^ head and backache and dragging
>^****\ wM-flllftlB of the beneficial results from ihe use
¦ j^^^*^ 8^/rfiv*v - "J ~ ¦¦'¦¦:¦ ¦¦¦¦ v of .Peruna / .purchased d bottle, and
. jp^^ [^§5?. ¦ 1 v^' ¦_;:' *fcL \\\'^>' > ' \ .- . ¦ ' - ¦....,• : , •- : i «i constantly improved, and befoara the
; " ./• :. iv\^ -;vPj • -w '• ' seventh bottle, was completely used all
¦/&^ \g§S?z, ' ' A <¦ iv AWkvw • pains were gone, my strength restored,
/ ' '^^S0^^-" ¦'''*'*$& «^ ' * KvV and I novr seem ten y ear3 ' younger.
S ¦s=S^ = * r '~-'^''' : - jW// £?!% »5 m - - "If I set tired or feel bad Peruna at
f r- ~~ -X~^T-^ -s^T / nt 1 1 " ¦ ¦K-Wii rr? v 'r^. "¦ •^ once heljw . me, and I feel you deserve
/ '^^^^&fflm/t///A • •' mllJ/RM/mW] i H iRrr.'- - P ral3e for P^ cln^ such a conscientious
/ ''^^^^^^M/JMAfT ', \} uM/Iti£&W\\ ffc medicine before a suffering pubUc.
/ -:^^^^^fl Ww/t>i'/////ll\\\ f//j^^»m\\ I II MatUe B. Curtis, secretary Legion of
\^^^^[\ Wm/J/////u li/MS^ml Loyal wTn^ 11 ' Hotel m> Boston '
Ij I T If \^^^'^ : " - '••¦¦¦¦¦,"•"' " 11 \- X - backache and\ 'kl^ S A&' '
'iLJIliL/ 1 1 v 'N^^^^^mlvv^ . 11. e 'M> a %h;.sician ; :^^^m^r :
MISS LUCY/ANNIE HEISER OF MINNEAPOLIS. MINN. Sf^d icines'. !' *®^£ S %^
Miss Lucy Annie Heiser* a graduated nurse of nine years' experience, trained and none o f which Mattie B Curtis,
graduated from the Homeopathic Hospital of Minneapolis, Minn., writes as follows: seemed-- to --help J- . *. . "°\ '
. / , ' :" "\ r' V^-- Albert Lea, Minn., Nov. 8, 1899. me /any until a >
-., „ ,, ... n s ¦ ¦ n i i /»• • t - ;: dub associate ad-
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, Onio: .. vised me to try Peruna, as it cured her of
Gentlemen-" Although , my school f does rnot believe in patent -medicines, a ?2^i <^&^iS3Sr£d r K
/ have found it to be a fact,that Peruna is a. grand, and valuable medicine, fore it was used felt greatly improved.
¦I have known it to cure Mrs. Sampson, suffering with an inflamed womb, " I^ av 1 e ta *£ n fo " r tl $3^ 1 ?f * r d^ for »>, two
¦ . , ¦ ., . ., - -,, r , ¦ , . , -, ?. •, . .' ,-, i •. ',, months-have-been entirely free fromthes«
aggravated by malaria, after the doctors had tailed to help her. Another maladies, several of my friends are us-
of my former patients suffered, with a complication of female diseases; %&£*&%£*{*££$£ wm^the'hSdl
she was so thin, nothinq but skin' and bones, but Peruna cured her, and neys and other pelvic organs, together
, . .. ¦ , -•¦•». ,.,¦ j ' ¦ -j jt » ¦ ¦ ' rr j '-¦ i/ » n .' ¦ with' weaknesses peculiar to women." rr-:';
the. is to-day in good health and good flesh. Facts prove that Peruna re- peruna Js a gpeclfic for the C3it&TThal de _
vives lost strength and restores to the sick that most wonderful o/essing rangements of women.
of life— health/' ! Luc/ Annie Heiser. t^to° u - result? f^om Ve th PrC u 1I>t f n p satls "
"-If all the tired women and all the nervous women, ' and • all the women that wr it e a t once to Dr Hartman givin* a
needed a tonic would read and heed the words of these fair Iadie3 who have spoken full statement of your case and he will
right to the point, how many invalids would be prevented and how many wretched p i ease d to give you hi3 valuable advice
lives be made happy. * , r ¦ gratis.
¦ , Peruna restores health in a normal way. . . ... _ ¦¦¦ __ .' _
Peruna puts right all the mucous membranes of the body, and in this way re- Address Dr. Hartman, President of Th«
• stores the functions of every organ. . ' ' Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. O.
IT MADE HIS HAIR CURL
When he saw the result of experimenting
with other laundries— poor, uneven finish.
frayed edges and saw edge collars were
his lot.
Now his work comes to us, and his tem-
per, is as unruffled ls a child's, because
our work i3 always right, always satis-
factory— just the kind you want.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Straat
Telephone-^outh 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Avs.
NEW BAUSCH & LOMB
Stereo Field Glasses
AT—
REDUCE D PRICES.
Oculists' rrcscristlons filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repalrlnr. Phone. Mala 10.
OPTICIANpt, oT jGRA? H ' CAPMMT^.*
.._¦ . rH0TU^ Scientific
64Z Market ot.- instruments
ur»DER chpomicle building.. CATALOGUE FREE.
B3 XziSjSfcS a *^S^^MjK "*£i **^ &3 \j^
B^-HHSb - y fiS bm B*.
4 B S >?*v3 tvuJ CSJ E99 B I 9l Wr
5 S3 Eul B«*Jt Er-9 ¦ jjiv ¦" SL
5'S B M9 Hft&§ SI S fi ufiSk R?
DR. MCNULTI
ri^HIS WfcLL-KUOWX AND KKLrABLE OLD
-I SpeciaIlst<rure*Blo<Kl Poison, Gonorrhcea.Gleet,
Strictar*-, Hprnlnul Wfakness, Impotenije anil tbelr
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. free.
OvprlOyearsVxperience.TPrini reasonable. Hours,
0to3daUy:6:30to3.30ev > s5.finnclars.l0tol2. Consul-
tationfreeand sacredly confldential. Call oraddresa
p. noscon 3ic?srtJi.TY. m: r>. -
SO}, Kearny St., Man Francisco. Cs)-
, . '- U--1 ' \ . v j.
SPECIALSALE!
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY
THE PRICES BELtfW ARE ON" REG-
;..,UIjAR . GOODS REDUCED FOR 3 .
:_. DATS TO ATTRACT TRADE TO OUR
STORE.
TEA, per Ib. ...........40c
All - kinds, new crop, carefully selected,
- m regularly 60c.
SARDINES, a la BordeMse, 2 tins . .25c
. Packed In tomato sauce with truffles and
pickles, regularly • 15c a tin.
California OliYe Oil I .qtbot 70c, pint 40c
"Santa Barbara," -guaranteed absolutely
pure, regularly 83c and 50c.
DRIED PEACHES, 5 lbs ."........ 25c
Fancy evaporated dried peaches, regularly
. 3. lbs 23c. -
YELLOWSTOHE.WfllSKEY—
Full qt bot $1.00; gallon $4.00
An old established brand of Bourbon regu-
' larly |1.25 and ?5.00.
OATS, 3 pigs... :.,.... 25c
A new breakfast mush, regularly 10c a pkg.
ENGLISH MUSTARD, tin. . .V. . . .10c
Keen's, London, regularly 15c
BUTTER, 1 square..... ...30c
.Choice creamery. _,.
CIGARS .... 8 for 2Sc;l)0X of50. $1.50
"LA FLOR DE APROBAR."
A genuine Spanish hand-made cigar, man-
ufactured from Havana ' tobacco, selected
by experienced. Cubans.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED— CATALOGUE FREE
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
TELEPHONE NEVER' "BUST."
-MAIN 5522. ¦ .' ¦
fxVjpJ^/ PLATES. .$4.00 @
: -"^S^^ CLINGS 25 fj
I — 5|||F5£«— CDOWNS.. 3.53 g
| /^Jfc^tF^- TEN YEARS' i
/irt XKS^ GUARANTEE 9
P.XI1MLESS DENriSJRY. g
I lOOlrM^RKET ST., Cor. 6th, |
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of ' GONORRHEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tixa
Organs of Generation. • * .
Price II a bottle. For sale by druggists.
' * ' * ¦'-'"' _!__J_— L—^-__ 1Z_1 ' " ' -/--¦¦ r . .^ . ' .. ' V , ¦ " ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - J
f <JJ* . " s **>^* .**• mm- \^J .. S ¥ He em- m X* QjfS' *Cv m*£w m f m^^^ r^^
*:5OyDAX/EN : PO;RJr&.. *5 O
. , Just received, an entirely n ew line of elegant Davenports, in
1 mahogany, oak and, cherry,- upholstered" in beautiful shades'of
heavybrocaded'plush.cliDPerJspring edge. We are offering these
exquisite' piecesVof furniture 'at the unheard^ of price of $50.00. We \ '
-•',, , w pay no "rent/ s6 we give' you 'the entire benefit of our saving, you '""\
- • see. You can save . i ust" as muc h on anything in the housefur-
* ¦-. nishing t line,here. We carry an . immense stock. Four floors filled
v 1 ;- : v witli .everything you can possibly want or use in the house.
. . r 1017-1023 Mission Street, abov? Sixth, San Francisco. '
.Close .'every \ night, except Saturdays v and the day preceding holidays, at 6 o'clock sharp.