PRESIDENT McKINLEY
VICTIM OF AN ASSASSIN
VOLUME XC-NO. 99.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
.7,:|i9oi. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.It was just after the daily or
gan recital in the splendid Tem
ple of Music that the dastardly
attempt was made. Planned
with all the diabolical ingenuity
and finesse of which anarchy or
nihilism is capable, the would-be
assassin carried out the work
without a hitch, and should his
designs fail and the
PEAXS FORTH MELODY
WHILE THE ORGAN
surrounded by the stern faced in
quisitors of the law, is a medium
sized man of commonplace ap
pearance with his fixed gaze di
rected on the floor, who presses
his lips firmly together and
listens with .an air of assumed in
difference to tfie persistent
stream of questions, arguments,
objurgations and admonitions
with which his captors seek to
induce or compel him to talk.
ASSASSIN ACTS
The multitude, only partially
aware that something serious
had -. happened, > paused in sur
prise, while necks were craned
and all eyes turned as one to the
There was an. instant of almost
complete silence. The President
stood stock still, a look of hesi
tancy, almost of bewilderment,
on his face. He then retreated a
step, while a pallor began to
steal over his features.
President McKinley, smiled,
bowed and extended his hand in
that spirit of geniality the Ameri
can. people; so well know, .when
suddenly, sharp crack of a re
volver rang out loud and clear,
above the : huni of voices, the
shuffling of myriad feet and vi
brating waves of : applause ; that
ever and anori swept here and
there over the assemblage.
of ; the dais until he was within
two feet of the President.
rostrum, where a great tragedy
was being enacted, j '
Then came a . commotion.
Three men threw themselves for
ward as • with one impulse and
sprang toward the would-be as
sassin. Two of them were United
States secret service men who
were on the lookout, and whose
duty it was to guard against just
such a calamity as had here be
fallen the President and the na
tion. The third was a bystander,
a negro, who had only an instant
previously grasped the hand of
the President. In a twinkling the
assassin was borne to the ground,
his weapon was wrested from
his grasp, and strong arms pin
ioned him down. •
Then the multitude which
thronged the edifice began to
come to a realizing sense of the
awfulness of the scene of which
they had been unwilling, wit-
John G. MilburnN. of Buffalo,
president of the Pan-American
Exposition, chatting '. with the
President and introducing him
especially to persons of note who
approached. Upon ' the Presi
dent's left stood Secretary: Gor
telyou. ; . y *
PRESIDENT EXTENDS
HAND TO COWARIXLYr
, : ANARCHIST WITH : GUN
;-dt was shortly, after 4^ p/t m.
when one of the throng which
surrounded "the ;•;. Presidential
party, a medium sized man of or
dinary appearance and plainly
dressed in black, approached, as if
to ¦greet, the President. Both Sec
retary Cortelyou and President
Milburn noticed that the man's
hand was swathed in a bandage
or handkerchief. Reports of by
standers differ as-to which hand.
He worked his way amid the
stream of people up to the edge
survive, only to divine Provi
dence can be attributed that ben
eficent result. » -
The ; President, though well
guarded by United States Secret
Service detectives, was fully ex
posed to such an attack. -as oc
curred. He stood at the edge of
the raised dais upon which stands
the great pipe organ: at the east
side of the magnificent '•¦structure.
Throngs of people crowded virT at
the various entrances to gaze
upon their executive, perchance
to clasp his hand, and then file
their way out in the. good ,na
tured mob* that every minute
swelled and multiplied at the
points of ingress and egress to
the building.
The President was in a cheer
ful mood and was enjoying to
the full the hearty evidence of
good will which everywhere met
his gaze. Upon his right stood
SCENE OF THE DARING ATTEMPT TO ASSASSINATE PRESIDENT McKINLEY.
(DRAWN FROM A DESCRIPTION BY TELEGRAPH.)
For thb moment the confusion
was terrible. The crowd surged
forward regardless of conse
quences.. Men shouted and
fought, women screamed and
children cried. Some of those
nearest the doors fled from the
edifice in fear of a stampede,
while hundreds from the outside
struggled blindly forward in the
effort to penetrate the crowded
building and solve tfte mystery
of the excitement and panic
which every moment grew and
swelled within the congested in
terior of the edifice.
PRESIDENT REMAINS
vv- IN 'MOST TRANQUIL
STATE OF KEEND
Inside, on the slightly raised
dais was enacted within those
few feverish moments a tragedy
so dramatic in character, so thrill
ing in its intensity that few v/ho
looked on will ever be able to
give a succinet account of what
really did transpire. Even^hose
who attended the President canie
but with blanched faces; trem
bling limbs and beating hearts,
while their brains throbbed with
a tumult of conflicting emotions
which could not be clarified into
a lucid narrative of the events a3
they really transpired.
Of the multitude whicH wit
nessed or bore a part in the scene
of turmoil and turbulence there
was but one mind which seemed^
to ..retain its equiliSrium, one
sion, then grew to a babel of
sounds and later to a pande
monium of noises.
WITH A SINGLE
, raOTTLSE CROWD
SURGES FORWARD
The crowds that a moment be
fore had stood mute and motion
less, as in bewildered ignorance
of the enormity of the tragedy,
now with a single impulse surged
forward toward fhe stage of the
horrid drama, while a hoarse cry
welled up from a thousand
throats and a thousand men
charged forward to lay hands
upon the perpetrator of the
crime.
nesses. A murmur arose, spread
and swelled to a hum of cor.fu-
Officers of the Law
Lose No Timer irt'Jail
ing the Prisoner.
Attempt Is Made to
Lynch Fiendish
Assassin.
Saved Fran the
Enraged Pop
ulace^ •
Continued on Page Thw«.V
President William McKinley is shot twice by an anarchistic pupil of Emma Goldman. The at
tempted assassination occurs during a public reception in the Temple of Music at Buffalo Exposition
Two bullets enter the President's body, one penetrating the breast, which was subsequently ex
tracted, and the second, which causes a more serious wound, enters the abdomen. Wounded Chief Exec
utive is first cared for by physicians of Emergency Hospital of the Exposition, and later removed to
the home of Director General nilburn'. %
Avhile the assailant is being taken in the custody of the police to jail attempts are made to
lynch him by the enraged populace. >:
. * A £ three °' cIock this (Satuirday) morning a bulletin is sra^
ing that his temperature and : pulse are'improved. -
STORY OF TERRIBLE CRIME TO LD IN BRIEF.
To-night a surging, swaying,
eager multitude throngs the
city's main thoroughfares, chok
ing the streets, in front of the
principal newspapers, scanning
the bulletins with anxious eyes
and groaning or cheering in turn
at each succeeding announce
ment as the nature of the mes
sage sinks or buoys their hopes.
Down at police headquarters,
It was a few moments after 4
p. m. while President McKinley
was holding a reception in the
Temple of Music on the Pan-
American grounds, that the cow
ardly attack was made, with what
success time alone can tell.
SHOT WHILE BEING
GREETED BY MANIFOLD
EXPRESSIONS OP LOVE
Standing in the midst of thou
sands, surrounded by every evi
dence of good will, pressed by a
motley throng of people, show
ered with expressions of love and
loyalty from enthusiastic multi
tudes, all eager to clasp his
hands — amid these surroundings,
and with the ever-recurring
plaudits of an army of sightseers
ringing in his ears, the blow of
the assassin came and in an in
stant "pleasure gave way to pain,
admiration to anger, folly turned
to fury and pandemonium fol
lowed.
Out on Delaware avenue, at
the home of John C. Milburn,
president of the Pan-American
Exposition, with tears on face
and heart torn by conflicting
hopes and fears, sits the faithful
wife, whose devotion is known to
all the nation.
BUFFALO, Sept 6.—
President McKinley
was shot and seri
ously wounded by a
would-be assassin
while holding a reception in the
Temple of Music at the Pan-
American grounds a few minutes
after 4 o'clock this afternoon.
One shot took effect in the right
breast, the other in the abdomen.
The first is not of a serious na
ture, and the bullet has been ex
tracted- The latter pierced the
abdominal wall and has not been
located.
When Serious Nature of
Wounds Appear an
Uproar Ensues.
President Strives to
Calm Enraged
People.
Many Witness the
Assault on
Guest.
JOYOUS
TUDflMP
onuuiiLU
CHIEF EXECUTIVE THE VICTIM
OF MOST COWARDLY ANARCHIST
, ¦ . . ;: ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ - ¦ . - ¦ ¦- - •¦-..-. ,. :-../
THE SA^FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1901.'
2BEARS SHOCK WELL,
Arriving at the Milburn resi
dence all persons save the medi
cal attendants, nurses and the of
ficials immediately concerned
were excluded and the task of
probing for the bullet which had
lodged in the abdomen' was be
gun by Dr. Roswell Parke.
When the news of the crime was
telephoned to the home of Presi
dent - Milburn, where Mrs. Mc-
Kinley was resting, immediate
steps were taken to spare her the
shock of a premature statement
of the" occurrence until the true
condition of the President could
be ascertained. Guards were
stationed and none was per
mitted to approach the house.
WIFE OF PRESIDENT .
tation it was decided to remove
the patient to the home of Presi
dent Milburn. This was done,
the automobile ambulance being
used for the purpose.
The other took effect in the
abdomen about four inches be
low the left nipple, four inches to
the left of the navel and about
on a level with it. Upon arrival
who took the prisoner to No. 13
police station, .and afterward to
police headquarters. As soon as
the crowd in the. Temple of
Music had been dispersed suffi
ciently the President was re
moved in automobile ambulance
and taken to the Exposition
Hospital, where an examination
was made. The best medical skill
was summoned, and within a
brief period several of Buffalo's
best known practitioners were at
the patient's side.
PATIENT BEHOVED
TO THE HOME OP
DIRECTOR 1QLBUBN
The President retained the full
exercise of his faculties until
placed on the operating table and
subjected to an anesthetic. Upon
the first examination it was ascer
tained that one bullet had taken
effect in the right breast just be
low the nipple, causing a com
paratively harmless wound.
cated. . The incision was hastily
closed, and after" a hasty consul-
walls' of the abdomen were
opened, but the ball was not lo-
BUILDING IN WHICH PRESIDENT WAS SHOT.
at the Exposition Hospital the
second wound was probed. The
BUFFALO, N..Y., Sept. 7.=«6 A. fl.—The President's physicians have just issued this bulletin:
"The President has passed a good night. Temperature 102, pulse 1 10, respiration 24. '
"QEGRQE COI^ELYOU, Secretary."
BUFFALO, Sept. 7.— At 3 a. m. the following bulletin was issued: &
"The President continues to rest well. Temperature lo 1.6, pulse 1 lo, respiration 24.
BUFFALO, N: Y., Sept. 7.— At 4:3o this morning the President was still resting easily. The
next official bulletin will be -^
PRESIDENT McKINLEY PASSES A GOOD NIGHT.
Continued on Page Four.
The news of the attempted as
sassination had in the mean
while been spread broadcast by
the newspapers; like wildfire it
spread from mouth to mouth.
Then bulletins began to appear
on the boards along Newspaper
Row, and when the announce
ment was made that the prisoner
had been . taken to police head
quarters, only two blocks distant
While the wounded President
was being borne from' the Expo
sition Hospital to the Milburn
residence between rows of on-t
lookers with bared heads, a far
different spectacle was being wit
nessed along the route of his as
sailant's journey from the scene
of his crime to police headquar
ters. The trip was made so quick
ly that the prisoner was safely
landed within the wide portals of
the police station and the doors
closed before any one was aware
of his presence.
POIilCE PROTECT
THE ASSASSIN
— — *; AFTER HIS AKREST
At the Milburn house were
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson,
President Milburn, Director
General Buchanan of the Pan-
American Exposition, Dr. Rixey
and Secretary Cortelyou. Tele
grams poured in by hundreds
and Secretary Cortelyou was
kept busy replying to them. Two
stenographers with their type
writers were placed in the parlor,
which was quickly transformed
into a bustling room.
Secretary Cortelyou said that
a telegraph office would be estab
lished at once in the Milburn
residence, and bulletins giving
the public the fullest information
possible would be issued at short
intervals.
At 8:30 the reporter of the As
sociated Press was admitted to
the Milburn mansion, where Sec
retary Cortelyou gave him the
official bulletin prepared by the
physicians.
Mrs. McKinley as gently as
could be. She bore the shock
remarkably well and * displayed
the utmost fortitude.
Arrangements Made to
Take President to
Milburn Home.
Asked to Have Her
Husband Taken
tn Her
IU IIUli
CentlyToId of Sad
Rixey.
EXTENDS HAND OF FRIENDSHIP
TO A FIEND WHO SHOOTS HIM
Prompt Service of
the Physicians
Present.
Bullets Pierce the
Abdomen and
Breast.
Patient Soon Rallies
and Shows Signs
of Recovery.
hand which remained steady, one
eye which gazed with unflinching
calmness, and one voice which
retained its even tenor and fal
tered not at the most critical
juncture.
They were the mind and the
hand and the eye and the voice
of President McKinley.
After the first shock of the as
sassin's shot he retreated a step.
Then as the detectives leaped
upon his assailant he turned,
walked steadily to a chair and
seated himself, at the same time
removing his hat and bowing his
head in his hands.
"I A2ff 1T0T BADLY :
HITBT," SAYS THE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE
In an instant Secretary Cortel
you and President Milburn were
at his side. His waistcoat was
hurriedly opened, the President
meanwhile admonishing those
about him to remain calm, and
telling them not to be alarmed.
"But you are wounded," cried
his secretary, "let me examine."
"No, I think not," answered
the President. "I am not badly
hurt, I assure you."
Nevertheless his garments were
hastily loosened and when a
trickling stream of crimson was
seen to wind its way down his
breast, spreading its telltale stain
over the white surface of the
linen, their worst fears were con
firmed.
A force of exposition guards
were soon on the scene, and an
effort was made to clear the
building. By this time the crush
was terrific. Spectators crowded
down the stairways from the gal
leries, the crowd on the floor
surged forward toward the ros
trum, while despite the strenuous
efforts of. police and guards the
throng- without struggled madly
to obtain admission.
The President's assailant in
the meantime had been hustled
by exposition guards to the rear
of the building 1 , where he was
held while the building was
cleared, and later he was, turned
,fover to Superintendent Bull of
the Buffalo Police Department,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,' SEPTEMBER 7, 1901.
DISPLAYING COITRAGE
When it was decided to re
move the President from the Ex
position Hospital to the Milhurn
home the news was broken to
3-PRESIDENT McKINLEY AND
SOME OF THE' SCENES OF
HIS LIFE.
ment the swaying multitude. The
situation was becoming critical,
when suddenly the big doors
were flung open and a . squad of
Denser the throng becam?, as
new arrivals swelled .each mo-
"Lynch him!" Like a flash the
cry was taken up and the whole
crowd, as if ignited by the [single
match thus applied, V re-echoed
trie cry, "Lynch him!" "Hang
him!" Closer the crowd surged
forward.
It was at this juncture that
sonie one raised the cry of
completely blocked with a mass
of humanity.
Police Bull, Captain Reagan and other of
ficials. Theprlsoner at first proved quite
communicative, bo much so, in fact, that
little dependence could be placed on what
he said. He first gave his name as Fred
Nieman, "said his home was In Detroit and
I that he had been in Buffalo about a>eek.
He said he had been boarding at a place
In Broadway. Later this place was locat
ed as John Nowak's saloon, a Raines law
hotel, No. 1078 Broadway. Here the pris
oner occupied room 8. Nowak, the propri
etor, said he knew very little about his
The man's- name Is' Leon'Czolgosz. He
is of Polish-German extraction. His home
is in Cleveland,* where he has seven broth
ers and sisters. He is an avowed anar
chist and an ardent disciple of Emma
fesslon or a stralghf'account of his Iden
tity and movements prior to his arrival
in: Buffalo. He at first admitted that he
was an ariarchlst," In sympathy at least,
but, denied strenuously that the attempt
on- the life of tho President wag a result
of a preconcerted plot on the part of any
arafchls't society. At times he was de
fiant and again indifferent. * But at no
time did he betray the remotest sign of
renrorse. He declared the deed was not
premeditated, but in the same breath re
fueed to say why he perpetrated It. "When
charged by District Attorney Penny witli
being the- Instrument of an 'organized
band' of conspirators, "he protested vehe
mently that' he never even thought of per
petrating the crime until this,.- morning.
After long and .persistent questioning it
was : announced at police headquarters
that the prisoner had made a partial con
fession, which he had signed. ,
As near as can be learned to-night the
facts contained in the confession are:
Major McKinley In his young manhood
became a member of the Methodist Epis
copal church and has ever since been a
regular attendant of its services whether
at home in Canton or In Washington- on
public duty." • .-¦¦;'
President McKinley took the helm of
the old ship of state at a dark and threat
ening hour. How well he' has guided her
through troubles at j home and' abroad,
through the Spanish war to glorious and
generous victory, through the Chinese
trouble, through portentous diplomatic
complications, from industrial depression
to general prosperity, from.flnaclal weak
ness to the forefront of the gold standard,
goid-boldlng countries, and last, .^St . not
least, how he has given to the millions of
natives in our lately acquired territories
and in Cuba. an idea of what liberty, and
freedom under the shadow of the Star's
and Stripes/mean are all. matters of rec
ord and wilV in due time be Inscribed in
bright characters on the pages of the his
tory of his country.
In, the ensuing November he was elected
President by a popular 'plurality of 600,000
votes and received 271 electoral- votes, as
ugaltist 176 for William J. Bryan of Ne
braska, the Democratic candidate. The
Republican National Convention of 3000
named McKinley again as Its ' standard
bearer by acclamation and he was elected
over Bryan, who again opposed him, by
fc.12,280 votes and an increaEed majority in
the Electoral College of 29"2 against 153.
President of the Nation.
Again in 1SP2 he was a delegate at large
to the national convention and again was
offered, but discarded the opportunity to
take the nomination. He was made chair
man of the convention, but threw his sup
port to Harrison, for re-election, though
1S2 votes were cast for. himself. With, this
record he went to the national convention
at St. I^ouis in June, 1S96, and was quickly
nominated -by that memorable gathering-,
receiving 661 out of a total "of 905 votes.
In 1SSS he was again delegate at large
to the national convention, and in accord
ance with his high notions of manhood
and political honor stood - by his Instruc
tions and voted to the last for John Bher
man, though lie might have had the nom
ination himself by slttlnp quiet in his seat
and letting the whirlwind of enthusiasm
that had started in his direction sweep
the floor. ¦ ~ .. .- -. —
being a prominent figure In that great
national quadriennlal gathering from the
very first.
Continued From Page Three.
PRESIDENT VICTIM OF ASSASSIN
Tor Additional Details See Page 11.
PARIS, Sept. 6.— The news of the / attempt upon President McKinley's
life 'reached Paris too late for publication in this afternoon's papers, and
consequently it Was not known outside newspaper circles, but there it
created a feeling of consterhation. Mr. McKinley was considered the last
person in the world in danger of assassination. It can safely be predicted
that .the news wiHcreate a tremendous Sensation in Paris to-morrow, and
the; United States is sure of receiving every mark of sympathy from French
men of ail^^shadesof opinion, as the 'President was always considered a
•; .Articles in- the* four- leading organs pf^ French opinion— 'the Figaro, the \
Matin, the Gaulois arid the Eclair— breathe this sympathy.
SYMPATHY OF FRANCE GOES OUT
TO AMERICA'S STRICKEN CHIEF
Continued -'on-Page Thirteen.
BUFFALO. Sept. 6.— Leon Czolsosz, the
accused and self-conressed assassin, has
signed a confession covering six pages of
foolscap and which states that he U an
ASSASSIN MAKES
FULL CONFESSION
reserves- advanced with solid
front, drove the crowd back. from
the curb,^ then across the street
and gradually , succeeded^ in dis
persing them from about the en
trance to : the station. 1
Inside the station were assembled Dis
trict Attorney Penny, Superintendent" of
; His only 'reason : for the i deed, he de
clares, is that' he . believed the present
form . of. government in * the United States
was unjust •- and he concluded that the
¦ *. :"*.;"-• .— "V ?•:--•--?"-¦¦ ;: '-•*¦
Goldman, whose teachings, he alleges, are
responsible for to-day's attack on the
President. He denied steadfastly that he
is the Instrument of any body of anar
chists or the tool- of, any. coterie of plot
ters. He declares' he did not even 'have a
confederate. . . .
guest. He .came there, he declared,; last
Saturday, that he hsftl come to see
the Pan-American Exposition and that his
home was in ToledoV He had been alone
at all times about Nowak's place and. had
had no .visitors. ». In -, his : room was ¦ found
a small traveling bag of cheap make! J" It
contained an empty cartridge box -and i a
few v clothes. . iL . ' .:.'•>
/With these facts in hand,, the police
went at' the prisoner .with 'renewed -vigor
in - the : effort : to obtain either ; a full ' con-'
from the newspaper section, the
crowds surged down toward the
Terrace eager for a glimpse of
the prisoner. At police head
quarters- they were met by a
strong co«lon of police, which
was drawn up across the pave
ment'on Pearl street, and admit
tance was denied to. any but offi
cials authorized . to take part in
the examination of the prisoner.
Iu a few minutes the crowd had
grown from tens to hundreds,
and these in turn quickly swelled
to thousands, until the street was
most effective .way ¦ to remedy it was to
kill the President. These conclusions, he
declares, he reached through the teach
ings of Emma Goldman.
PRESIDENT WELL
GTTABDED BY FOECE
OF DETAILED MEN
It was learned to-night from an authori
tative source that the greatest precautions
had been taken to . guard against -tho
possibility of any such occurrence as
transpired to-day. Not only were the ser
vices of the local police and detective
forces employed to the fullest extent, but
specially detailed men have accompanied
the Presidential party In all its travels
since inauguration day, and In addition to
this the extra precaution was taken upon
the occasion of the President's visit to
the Pan-American of having with - him
three United States Treasury secret ser
vice men of long experience and proven
ability. In fact, to such an extent has
this matter of the President's personal
safety been carried by_those responsible
for his welfare that it has given rise to
some criticism. Upon his visit to the
exposition it was felt by those surround
ing him that the President was liable to
greater chance of- danger than is usual,
even upon his travels, owingto the great
crowds, the diversified character of the
people assembled" and. the necessity for
direct contact with the crowds." For these
reasons the strict precautions above men
tioned were resorted to. ¦
'.The President himself has always been
averse to any such protection, and the
sight of officers of "the law constantly
near his person has been distasteful. He
has always Instructed that in all his vis
its to various cities there should be at
least one public reception where he could
be brought face to face with the public
and give those who desired It the privi
lege of a personal meeting.
STORY OF BYSTANDER
WHO SAW THE TRAGIC
SHOOTING OF McKHTLEY
. ;From a bystander who witnessed the at
tempt on the.President's life the following
description was obtained by the corre
spondent of the Associated. Press:
• "^hen the man fired the shots Mr Mc-
Kiriley fell back a step and quivered
slightly, but did not fall.. Secretary Cor
telyou. President Milburn and Detective
Foster sprang to his aid, while Detective
Ireland and James B. Parker threw h*s
assailant: to the floor, hurled themselves
upon him and attempted to disarm him
¦ "Their .prisoner struggled desperately
and, wrenchJne his arm free, attempted
once more to fire at the President. The
revolver, . however, was struck from his
hand, flying several feet away.
"President McKinley himself plucked
from -his side the -bullet which had struck
the breastbone ' and glanced, lodging in
the skin, at the same time saying to tho
detective: 'Foster,- 1 believe there is an
other bullet In there.' an
"Shortly afterward .; he said: 'Do not
exaggerate this to Mrs. McKinlev •
"The President throughout displayed
the greatest fortitude, and until I £w
him carried from the building his cool
ness and , courage were wonderful "
AFTER MIDNIGHT '
CROWDS EAGERLY
/ SEEK INFORMATION
Long after midnight crowds were walk
ing the streets. eagerly. inquiring for in"
formation or loitering about- the news
paper. buildings in the hope of additional
information. The deepest feeling over the
outrage; was . apparent and
people of -all .classes* without distinction
of political partisanship, were . unaA 2
In their expressions of abhorrence of tins
cowardly crime. The latest news nht n r«
At S a. m. the street In the neighbor
hood of the Mllburn residence was desert
ed save for tho policemen' who were on
guard, and the streets down town were
almost equally quiet.
Inquiries at the home of President Mil
burn at this hour (3 a. m.) are fruitless.
The street in the Immediate vicinity of
the house where the President lies is
roped off and guarded by police, who will
admit nobody. It was announced earlier
in the evening that official bulletins would
be issued at regular Intervals, and upon
these the public must wait, as the physi
cians and officials refuse absolutely to
give out any information.
able at police headquarters was that Dis
trict Attorney Penny was still closeted
with the prisoner, while mounted polics
patrolled the district roped oft from the
public.
More than once during the last three
years have plot3 against President Mc-
Kinley'a life been alleged. March 14, 1893.
a marr named Muller was arrested on the
charge of being concerned in a plot
against the President's life, but was af
terward released. In July, 1900, just be
fore the assassination of King Humbert,
another plot was said to have been dis
covered to kill the President, and on
August 17, two weeks after Humbert's
death, an Italian suspect was arrested
near New York on the charge, but after;
ward released for want of evidence.
In the United States the lamented Lin
coln was the first President to fall a vic
tim of the assassin. He was shot In the
back of the head as he sat in a box at
Ford's Theater, Washington, by John
TVllkes Booth, on the night of April 14,
1863, and died the next day. /
On the afternoon of July 2, 1SS1, /Presi
dent James A. Garfleld was shot' down
by Charles J. Guiteau, In the depot of the
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad at
Washington, as he was about to board a
train in company with James G. Blaine.
Three different attempts to kill Queen Vic
toria during her lifetime and two assasslna
tried. to kill Edward VII while he was Prince.
Of "Wales.
The Shah of Persia, shot at by August Sal
son in Paris. August 1. 1900.
An attempt was made on the life of Presi
dent Diaz of Mexico. November, 1897.
PRESIDENTS of republics on
either hemisphere no more
than the -royalties and rul
ers of the Old World have
been j secure from the at
tack of the assassin. From
the time that Ehud slew
Eglon down to the present
day, kings and princes, good and .bad,
have alike been objects of hate's attack.
Curiously enough, as with our own
Presidents— Lincoln, Garfleld and McKln
ley-the greatest and best of Kurope a
rulers have generally been singled out lor
destruction by the red-handed fanatics.
Alexander of Russia, who 1 berated 40 -
mo noo serf*' Victor Emmanuel, tne nnera
?S KinTof Italy, and President Carnot
of France among them. U .V.; .:
Following Is a list of the attacks made
on rulers:
Napoleon I. attacked while First Consul. De
"Sr^Iir of Ecglard. attacked twice. May.
, i c Art I ' - • ¦*
Queen Isabella of Spsta. stabbed February
2 1S52 ¦ ' " '
*Klng Victor Emmanuel of Italy. / shot at.
Ferdinand Charles n. Duke of Parma, shot
* King Ferdinand of Naples, stabbed. 1S38.
Napoleon III. attacked by Orstnl. January It.
1S58.
King Otho at Greece, shot at, 1S62.
'¦ Abdul Aziz, Sultan of Turkey, stabbed with
scissors.' June 4. 1ST6.
Klr.s Alfonso of Spain, shot at twice. 187S
and 1S79. ¦ ;
Emperor ¦William I of Germany, shot at
twice. 187S. ; .',¦'¦
Alexander II of Russia, blo-wn to pieces by
a bomb, March 13. 1SS1.
President Carnot of France, stabbed mortally
by Caesarlo Santo. June 24, 1894.
Shah >Tasr-ed-Dln of Persia, killed May i.
inc.
Humbert of Italy, attacked by Pletre Ac
ciarlto. April K, 1S97.
President Faure of France, attacked wlUx
dynamite bomb. June 13. 1S97.
Prime Minister Canovas of Spain, stabbed to
death by Rlnaldl. August 8. 1S37. " .
President Borda of Uruguay, killed. August
26.1397.. -•:--'
President Barrios of Guatemala, killed, Feb
ruary 9. 1S93. -~\ M't
Empress Elizabeth of Austria, stabbed to
death In Geneva. September 10, 189S.
Humbert of Italy, shot thrice and killed at
Monza, by Gaetano Bresci, July 29, 1900.
In 1821 Major McKinley was nominated
by his party for Governor of Ohio and
wa« elected over Governor Jamea Camp
bell, the strongest "man,; the, Democrats
could put up, after a'moet -exciting cam
paign, by a majority of 21.211. He was re
elected In 1823 by a plurality of SO.9.15. This
made his nomination for President -at the
next convention all the more certain.
In 18S4 Major McKinley was' a delegate
at large to the;. Republican National Con
vention and . supported James G. Blaine
for the /nomination for President.
He was ' also a member of the
committee on resolutions'- and ' read
ifce platform to the convention, thus
Elected Governor of .Ohio.
In November. 1550, he went down to de
feat with President Harrison '.and other
great men of his party In the Democratic
tidal wave that swept the country, this
result being accomplished In his own dls
trist, however, by special work In gerry
rcanerlrg. As it was, fie reduced the usual
adverse majority from 3000 to 300.
In JS.TS i'ajor McKinley made his first
Ftpp into the national arena of politics,
being elected a member of the lower house
of Congress, and re-elected for five CGn-
Fecut've terms in spite of the best oppo
sition the Democrats could bring out
against him. His career during all those
years from the Forty-fourth to the Fif
tieth Congresses is a part of the legisla
tive history of the country of too large
import to touch upon in this space. As
chairman cf the Ways and Means Com
mittee he reported the tariff law of 1S9&,
which was popularly known as the "ilc-
Kiriiey bill,*' and was from that time the
recognized leader of the protectionists
and the logical candidate of his party for
the next nomination for the Presidency
lie *con achieved note and pucces? as a
practitioner, ar.d in 1S69 was besought to
irake the race fcr Prosecuting Attorney
~of Stark County, which he did. and was
elected by a handsome majority, as he
w?? very popular with the young men of
bclh parties and got many Democratic
votes. lie served in this office for the
term cf three years, declining renomlna
tlcn. During the last year of his incum
bency he married Miss Ida Saxton. the
daughter cf the principal banker of Can
ton, who was also editor of the Canton
Repository, one of the oldest newspapers
in the WVst.
Hakes Fame as a Lawyer.
He had before determined upon law as
his profession and the toil of war being
ct.ded. he began Its study in the office of
Jrdgc Glidden. one of the most noted law
yer? cf his section. After a y^ar and a
hslf of such work he went through the law
Rcl-ool at Albany. X. Y.. and In 1SC7 was
permitted to the bar at Canton, where he
then, settled, and afterward continued to
mcke. his home.
In April. 3SG2. McKinley was made com
m'FS-ary sergeant. v:as commissioned sec
ond lieutenant in September following.
first lieutenant February. l&OA, and cap
tain July 25. UtH. He served as staff of
ficer with Generals R. B. Ilaye?, George
Creole and Winfield Scott Hancock and
was brevetted major by President Lincoln
for gallantry In battle March 32, lJGi. Later
he was detailed as acllnp assistant adju
?ant general of Carroll?! Division. First
Army Corps, and was mustered out of
the service June 26. 1S65. just after he had
attained his uventy-secend year.
-^- i -ylLLIAM McKINLEY
J was born at Niles,
§% / % / Trumbull County.
% /• / Ohio. January 29, 1S43.
ysj or fifty-seven years
y yeven months and nine
days ago. He Is the
offspring of pre-revo
lutlonary American ancestry, which in
ttees cf peace were foremost in citizen
ship a r.d at the beat of the war drum Trere
with the first at the front. He was the
son of William McKinley, whose grand-'
father. David McKinley. served with the
Pennsylvania line In "Washington's army
during the latter part of the Revolutionary
war. in which he enlisted while yet a
youth. His mother was Mis? Kar.cy Camp
hell Allison of the Virginia family of that
rrrne.
Young McKinley attended the public
school cf Xiles until he was old enough
to enter the academy at Poland, Ohio,
seme eight miles from his home, where
h's older sister wa3 engaged as teacher.
At the age of -17 years he entered Alle
gheny College, Pennsylvania, "but re
iraineil only a few month?, his health .be
c.crnir.g; weak.
Teacher in a Country School.
This ended hi* college career, but not.
his education, as he took a position as
teacher in a country school near Xile? and
keui on with his studies. In June, 1861.
ifo menths after the surrender of Fort
S'.imter. he enlisted hs a private soldier
In the company then being raised at Po
lar.d. nis first service was with the Twen
ty-third 'Ohio Volunteer Infantry, of which
Wj S. Ros*>crans was Ihe first colonel and '
<t which Rutherford B. Hayes, afterward
President, and Stanley Alatthews. after
ward Senator and Associate Justice cf the
Supreme Court, were respectively lieuten
ant colonel and majcr.
Presidents of Republics
as Much Endangered.
as Royalty.
Extraordinary Success
Attends Efforts of
McKinley.
Queer Facts Shown
in History of
Assassins.
Prominent as Lawyer
and as a States
man.
Brilliant Achieve
ments of Na
tlOfl S Chief-
Record of Crimes
In Numerous
Countries.
CAREER
A RARE
TRIUMPH
RULERS
ALWAYS
IN PERIL
RECEIVES TWO BULLET WOUNDS
WHILE GREETED BY THOUSANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1901.
4VICE PRESIDENT THEODORE
ROOSEVELT. SCENES IN HIS
ACTIVE LIFE.
Continued on Page Eight.
' • "Good !'.'.. j exclaimed the . s Vice -. President.
and . his face j lighted up. g He showed his
pleasure by eagerly announcing the good
.- A later bulletin : was received stating
that ; the .President was resting quietly
and?, that -the chances were favorable for
his t recovery. '•'•,/.. :¦••.•.¦,-"': . •,'¦ ;.';...; ¦'¦ ,;'- : -~;; : ¦".;
Vefmbnt Fish and Game League. Sen
ator | Proctor . made j the announcement,
and : many persons In the audience burst
into tears.. .
of, several foreign-legations. •' '
-'• No ¦' official • confirmation ' of the shooting
came', to the •"White House for three hours
after' its ' occurrence; when: Colonel'; Mont
gomery, the chief . operator, at" the v White
House, .was informed ¦ at .7:20 .o'clock. by
Secretary Cortelyou,'', at Buffalo, | j that a
surgical operation upon the President was
in - progress' and* that "so -far ' everything
is I favorable." .- Later, he gave Information
of the completion of the operation and fol-
HANFORD, Sept. 6.— William R. Hearst was to-night burned in effigy
in this city. It is claimed by the citizens vwho had the affair in charge
that the Examiner, American and Journal have done more to incite anarchy
in this country than all other sources combined.; Several- hundred citizens
watched the spectacle and great, excitement prevailed for a few moments.
The talk on the streets against Hearst and his un-American papers is bitter.
CITIZENS OF HANFORD BURN
WILLIAM R. HEARST IN EFFIGY
"I thought he was giving me hot air at
the time, but now I believe he was not.
He also told me that Malestes' circle had.
assassins in the household - of the Em
peror of Germany. Maggio made some
threats against \ Manager Andrews of the
opera company and was discharged at
Silver City. N. Mex., where he was Im
mediately engaged to I play In a saloon.
Maggio also told me that he expected
some day "to be "called upon to kill a
tyrant, and that when he is It will be
the proudest moment of his life." - .
"While traveling in February or March
between Abilene, Tex., and El Paso. An
tonio Maggio, the "cornet player for the
company, told me that he belonged to
Malestes' anarchistic circle, with head
quarters in Rome, Italy. He told me that
President McKinley and Emperor 'William
were doomed to • assassination, and that
men had already been selected to kill
them. When I asked, 'The time is not set
for I the assassination of Emperor "Wil
liam?' he said, 'No; but President Mc-
Kinley will be killed before' October.'
'Why?' I asked. 'Because,' he said, 'he
sent soldiers into 'the Philippines as King
Humbert sent soldiers to kill the natives
of Africa. All who seek to oppress must
die.'
Huttman is the son of the late Colonel
Huttinan, Internal Revenue Collector in
this city under President Cleveland. In
his statement to-night he said: •
WICHITA, Kans., Sept. 6.— Fritz Hutt
man, a reporter for the Eagle of this city,
reliable in every particular, while" singing
with the Andrews Opera Company last
March was confidentially told by Antonio
Maggio, a cornet player with the same
company, that President McKlnley would
be assassinated before October, and Inti
mated that orders to that effect had been
received from an anarchist society In
Rome, Italy.
BURLINGTON. Vt., Sept. 6.— The first
news of the attempted assassination of
President McKinley reached Vice Presi
dent Roosevelt at Isle La Motte at 5:30
o'clock this- afternoon, when the Vice
President was informed over the tele
phone that there was a rumor that the
President, had been shot.,, It was con
firmed by another message a moment
later. The Vice President seemed stunned
by the news, put his hands to his head
and exclaimed, "My God!" Those around
him were immediately informed of the
tragedy, and it was decided to announce
it to the company of a thousand people
who had gathered to hear Colonel Roose
velt ' speak at the annual outing of the
Newspaper Man Was Told
McKinley Would Be
Assassinated.
Such public ' men as were in j the | city
called during the evening. They included
Assistant Secretary Spauldlng of the
Treasury, former United States Senator
H. W. Blair, Assistant Secretary Hackett
of , the Navy Department, Comptroller
Dawes and Registrar Lyons of the Treas
ury Department, Captain Towner, Assist
ant Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and
the private secretaries of Secretary Hitch
cock and Senators Honna and Quay.
Th,ere were also calls from representatives
Call During tb.e Evening.
through a similar experience when Presi
dent Garfleld . was j shot, and Colonel
Crooks' service went back beyond the Lin
coln assassination. .He. was in tears when
he said:
"Yes, it is the third affair of this kind
since I came into the White House."
ITALIAN ANARCHISTS
ORDERED THE CRIME
Roosevelt, Seems Stunned
When Dispatch Tells of
Tragedy.
VICE PRESIDENT
GRIEF-STRICKEN
lowed that statement with other messages
giving private information, as to the Pres
ident's condition and his removal to Mr.
Milburn's residence.
Mr. Adee acting head of the State De
partment, was caught at the station as he
was . leaving for his country home near
Laurel, Md., and returned at once to the
State Department. He waited for official
Information of the news and It was not
until he received a. copy of the bulletin'
issued by the physicians through Secre
tary'Cortelyou that he undertook to ac
quaint officially the Governments of all
the world with the facts of the shooting.
He then drew up a message which will be
sent to every United States embassy, le
gation and consulate throughout the civ-
Acting Secretary Returns.
and. there Is a hopeful, even prayerful,
anticipation that there may be no need
for meeting grave emergencies which
would follow a fatal termination ' of the
tragic event. Should the worst come,
however, it is realized that important
changes in the public affairs of the coun
try would soon be brought about.
Whether there would be an extra session
of Congress is open to question, but there
seems no doubt that an extra session of
the Senate would be essential as ah inci
dent to a change of administration. All
this has"~been thought of here only in the
vaguest manner, and confidence is almost
universal here, based on the President's
magnificent constitution, his present "ex
cellent physical condition and the tre
mendous strides that have been made
since Garfleld's time in surgery, that there
will be no occasion to resort to the con
stitutional provisions made to meet the
demiss of a President in office.
In an hour he was back on the train,
which started for Buffalo via Norwood,
N. Y.
RUTLAND, Vt., Sept. 6.— The train on
which Vice President Roosevelt was a
passenger stopped here for an hour, while
Mr. Roosevelt hurried to the residence of
Senator Proctor to obtain his articles of
wearing apparel left there yesterday.
news to the assembly.
The Vice President then left immediate
ly on the yacht Elfrida, owned by "W. Sew
ard Webb, and came to this city as quick
ly as possible, having directed that all
messages should be held for him here. The
yacht was to have gone to Arrow Point,
where a special train was waiting for the
Vice President, but the train was sent on
to Burlington and was there when the
yacht came Into the harbor at 8:15 o'clock.
President Clement of . the Rutland Rail
road plaqed the train at the disposal of the
Vice President and made arrangements
to take him on It to the scene* . of the
tragedy. Colonel Roosevelt was asked at
the wharf for a statement for publication
and said:
"I am so inexpressably grieved, shocked
and horrified that I can say nothing."
He boarded the train and left "for Buf
falo.
lilted world, ¦ directing them to acquaint
the Governments to which they are ac
credited .with the facts. These he embodied
In a condensation of the physicians' bul
letin, with Mr. Cortelyou's statement. V ,
Major Pruden, as the secretary.; to the
President, and Colonel, Crooks, disbursing
officer, both veterans of the .White House
force, arrived, together shortly after ;, 5
o'clock and assumed charge of the Execu
tive Mansion. Major Pruden had passed
For the present the thought of a fatal
termination of the President's condition
is referred to with awellke apprehension.
Under the terms of this article, as soon
as Roosevelt is assured by proper author
ity, probably in this case by the senior
member of the Cabinet, Secretary Hay,
who will doubtless be in Buffalo by to
morrow evening, he will undertake at
once in a provisional way to discharge
such duties ] as may . devolve upon him.
Much will depend upon the report of the
physicians upon the character of the
President's Injuries as to the extent to
which Roosevelt will discharge the Presi
dential duties, if he undertakes them at
all, and it is almost certain that in the
absence of great emergency In public af
fairs, even If called to assume these obli
gations, the Vice President will confine
himself in the exerd6e of his powers to
the discharge of the most routine and In
dispensable functions.
Roosevelt's Responsibilities.
"6 — In case of the removal of the Presi
dent from office or of his death, resigna
tion or inability to discharge the powers
and duties of the said office, the same
shall devolve on the Vice President," etc.
Steps were next taken to provide for the
future of the executive branch of the
Government. It was realized [ that even
under most favorable conditions the Pres
ident's injuries are of such a character as
to make it almost certain that he cannot
undertake for a Ung time to discharge
the duties of chief executive even in the
most formal way. Every member of the
Cabinet able to travel is expected to speed
at once to Buffalo and there a Cabinet
council will be held to decide upon the
course to be followed by the executive
branch. Vice President Roosevelt is In
Vermont and of course will hold hlmselt
in readiness to do whatever is necessary
and to meet the obligations Imposed upon
the Vlco President by the constitution ot
the United States. These are contained
in paragraph six, section 1, article II, in
the following words:
Providing for the Future.
General Gillespie finally got Into com
munication with Secretary Root and As
sistant Secretary Sanger, and as a result
of the telephonic talk ne proceeded to use
some of tKc lorccs at his disposition. He
telegraphed an order to Fort Foster |o
have an officer, a physician and a squad
of marli;es proceed immediately to the
hospital where the President is lying to
act as a guard.
In addition to the marines representing
the navy, the United States army is well
represented at Buffalo and at near-by
Fort Niagara, and with the troops thus
at his disposal General Gillespie says he
is fully prepared to meet any call that
may be made upon him.
Overwhelmed by Tidings.
Both of these officials. General Gillespie
and Hackett, were completely overwhelm
ed by the sad news, but they maintained
their composure and were fully prepared
to meet any call upon them. They dis
patched Immediately messages of inquiry
to Buffalo, and each sent his Secretary
word of the shooting of the President,
that they might have the benefit of any
direction either Secretary Root or Secre
tary Long was prepared to offer.
known to him, through the press dis
patches, for official advices were singu
larly slow In reaching those officials iu
Washington who should be officially In
formed. He also telegraphed to Major
Slmmonds, the engineer officer stationed
at Buffalo, asking htm to report the facts
at the earliest possible moment Confer
ences were held between acting Secretary
Hackett and General Gillespie in refer
ence to any joint steps which the army
and navy might be called on to take.
Whfte House Attaches
Are Overcome by the
Fearful News.
Ranching, hunting and writing, however,
have been but episodes In the busy life
of Theodore Roosevelt. His chief work
has been In politics. His capacity for
leadership was recognized from the very
first session of his service in the Legis
lature. He was the leader of his party at
Albany and was chairman of the New
TorK delegation at the Republican conven
tion at Chicago which nominated Blaine.
So strong was the hold he had even then
upon his party and upon the public gen
erally that he was chosen by the Repub
licans to make the race for Mayor of New
York in 1S86 against the veteran Demo
cratic candidate, Abram S. Hewitt, and
Henry George.
The New York Press, reviewing the
course of that famous contest says:
"In proportion to the total Theodore
Roosevelt polled the largest vote ever cast
up to that time for a Republican candi
date for Mayor. He fought with the same
tireless energy and with the same aim In
view, at that time that he did in all po
litical contests subsequently. He was
bound by no promises, hampered by no
pledges and made his fight on the principle
of honesty. Industry and decency In the
administration of a public office. His po
litical opponents were actually astonished
at the strength he displayed. It cannot
be said that they were alarmed, because
they were too well buttressed and forti
fied by the corrupt machinery which they
had controlled so long to fear any candi
date who stood on merit and whose battle
cry was 'Right.'" .
The race was at best but a forlorn hope.
Capacity for Leadership.
THE foul blow struck at Pres
ident McKlnley and the dan
gerous condition in which
the Illustrious victim of as
sassination is now lying
give to "the people of the
United States a new and a
deeper interest in the per
sonality and the record of
Vice President Roosevelt. He has hith
erto been in the popular estimation
something like a child of political fortune.
so brilliant and so successful has been his
career. He has had the favor of New
Tork clubmen and of Western cowboys,
and has been equally at home In the
drawing-rooms of Fifth avenue and on
the plains of Dakota. >
His political success In the past has
been somewhat easy for him. He is now
to be tried by the sternest tests that can
be put upon a statesman, and It is inevi
table that in this dread emergency the
people should turn again to study Roose
velt's record In order to draw from It as
surances that should the President die his
successor will be worthy to fulfill the high
office to which he will be summoned.
The more carefully the record is consid
ered the more assured will the country
become of Roosevelt's personal worth and
genuine greatness of character. He will
not be another McKlnley; in fact, he Is
too original a man to be like any of his
predecessors In the Presidency, but every
step of his past career shows that he
yields to none of them In patriotism. In
tegrity and stalwart manhood.
Early Political Career.
Theodore Roosevelt Is a member of an
old Dutch family which settled in this
country about the middle of the seven
teenth century. He was born In New
Tork City, October 27, 1858, and was pre
pared for Harvard by private tutors. At
the university hla career was distin
guished and gave evidences . of those
characteristics -which have since made
him so notable a figure In the nation. He
took a leading part in college athletics
and at the same time exhibited such abil
ities as a writer that he was chosen one
of the editors of the Journal of the under
graduates, the Harvard Advocate.
Immediately after graduating Roosevelt
spent a year in foreign travel, and Im
mediately upon his' return entered ac
tively upon a political career. He sat In
the New York Legislature during the ses
sions of 1S82 and the two following years.
At the very beginning of his political ac
tivity he showed a marked degree of per
sonal independence and an earnest zeal
for the purification of New Tork politics
from the evils which permeate it. His
first effort In that direction was taken by
introducing a civil service bill In the Leg
islature, and despite the antagonism of
the supporters of the spoils system he>
succeeded In bringing about the passage
of the measure in 1833.
That success gave him at once a high
degree of prestige in politics, and from
that time on he has been widely known.
His fondness for travel and adventure
and out-of-door life led him to engage In
ranching in Dakota between 1884 and 1838.
There he developed Into an enthusiastic
and energetic ranchman and hunter, and
acquired that familiarity with Western
life and Western men that has made him
In the broadest sense a representative
American instead of a mere New Torker.
It was there also that he gained that liv
ing interest in the upbuilding of the West
which he has 30 abundantly manifested In
some of the best known and most valu
able of his writings.
At the War Department General Gilles
ple, chief of engineers of the army, was
acting Secretary in the absence of Secre
tary Root, who Is 111 at his summer home
in Southampton, L. L, and Assistant Sec
retary Sanger, who is away on leave. He
also had quitted the building, but he had
not been gone half an hour before word
reached him and he hastily returned to
his desk. He immediately sent a message
vto the Secretary of War and to General
./Brooke, commanding the Department of
the East, giving euch unofficial informa
tion as was available, in order to apprise
them, of the main facts as they Wer m
Mr. Adee. the acting head of the r>e
partment of Btate, had quitted the city
for his cummer home some miles distant
from Laurel, Md., and the chief clerk of
the department was absent with the visit
ing diplomats at Buffalo. In the Navy
Department Mr. Hackett, the acting Sec
retary, who had also quitted the building,
was speedily recalled by Captain Cowes,
the acting head of the Navigation Bu
reau, and he immediately put himself in
readiness to take any official action that
might be necessary to meet the emer
gency. At Buffalo, In the exposition
grounds, the navy had a splendid repre
sentation in the shape of a marine bat
talion under Captain Leonard, and this
force will be made immediately available
if it is desired by the persons, about the
President that a guard be near his per
son. '"-:¦"-• *-'
Officials Act Promptly.
The work of the official day was done
when the news of the great calamity ar
i rived, and the «xectxtive departments had
nearly emptied themselves of their work
men and very few officials were to be
found at their desks.
The force at the White House since the
President's departure has been in con
stant communication ¦with him, and while
he has conducted much of the business
of his office at his home in Canton the
majority of the papers with which he has
to do have been prepared In Washington
and forwarded through the "White House
clerical force. All reports received from
him by officials here were cheerful and
high spirited.
They recalled with great satisfaction
the fact that when the President left
"Washington he was In most robust health
and excellent spirits and that he bade all
an affectionate farewell. It was recalled
also that Mrs. McKlnley said this circum
stance had much to do with the Presi
dent's own condition later on. When he
left here he was accompanied by Mrs.
JicKlnley. Secretary Cortelyou. t>r. Rlxey
end Mrs. MdClnley*s nurse.
subordinates. The telegraph operator,
two watchmen at the doors, two police
xnesi on guard outside and the faithful
colored servant "Uncle Jerry" were the
only persons about the mansion.
Bade All Affectionate Farewell.
The telephone eystem of the city was
simply paralyzed for a time, and so many
-were the calls upon the news offices and
upon the officials who might be supposed
to hare some knowledge of the details of
the shooting that the operators were over
whelmed.
X reporter of the Associated Press car
ried to the White House the first bulletin
announcing the shooting of the President.
The executive mansion was reached
About 4:25. and at th".t time all Its few
Inmates were in total Ignorance of the
tragedy In which their chief had just
played so serious a part. A policeman
paced up and down under the portico, as
usual, but his terene countenance Indi
cated that they were totally ignorant of
the affair. Inside there were few to re
ceive the news. The most prominent per
sonage there was a telegraph operator.
Assistant Secretary Pruden, who had
been in charge of the White House, hav
ing left his office for the day, as had his
Then the newspapers began to appear,
the carriers rushed madly through the
crowds and crowds of people began to
gather from all quarters of the street
around the newspaper bulletin boards.
WASHCCGTON. Sept. 8.
— The new of the
ihooting of Presi
dent McKlnley. which
reached this city first
through the medium
of the Associated
Press lite this after
noon, caused a tre
mendocs •ensation. , Bo frequent have
"been the rumors of this sort, often put
afloat In recent years for stock jobbing:
purposes, that th« general disposition at
first was to withhold full acceptance of
the Btory of the news, but when it was
confirmed a feeling of deep gloom and
profound Borrow spread over the city, for
McKinley's delightful personality had en
deared him to the citizens of Washington,
apart from the official class, in a degree
that rarely has been equaled.
It was some time before the full force
of the blow was appreciated. The people
were stunned and they could not respond
at once and fully comprehend the extent
of the treat disaster that had fallen upon
the country and themselves.
Great Hush to Get News.
As Politician, Statesman
and Soldier He Has
Won Fame.
Theodore Roosevelt
Has Always Been
Successful. '
(Absent Officials Re
turn Home in
Haste.
Great Sensation
Follows the
Tidings.
Career of Man
Who May Be
President.
RECORD
IS MOST
GALLANT
PUBLIC
MEN ARE
AROUSED
EXPOSITION TEMPLE OF MUSIC
THE SCENE OP DASTARDLY CRIME
THE SAN "FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1901.
5WIFE OF THE PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENT'S HOMES AT CANTON AND CAPITAL
Continued on Pa^e Thirteen.
effect the possible death of President Mc-
Kinley would have on the international
yacht races. "We don't care to think of
such an ending," said he, "and we cannot
think of such conditions. I do not know
that the probable death would mean a
postponement of tho international yacht
race, nor. can I say what would be done.
The club, however, would take suitable
action in the event of such an appalling
catastrophe as the President's death."
¦When J. Pierpont Morgan was Informed
Sir Thomas LIpton to-night, on .board
his steam yacht Erin, said, referring to
the shooting of President McKinley:'' 1
was stunned on receiving news which I
could have regarded as no worse 1^ it had
been King Edward himself who had been
shot. I am sure every Britisher, extends
the hand of sympathy to all Americans in
this sad affair, j I should very deeply re-
ing to the bedside of the President. The
train was made up of a single coach and
engine and all possible speed will be
made to reach Buffalo In record-breaking
time.
Mr. Buchanan broke the news as gently
as possible to the nieces and consulted
with them and Mrs. Milburn as to the
best course to pursue in breaking the
news to Mrs. McKlnley. It was finally
there by telephone or otherwise. Luckily
he was first to arrive with the informa
tion. The Niagara Falls trip had tired
Mra. McKinley, and on her return to the
Milburn residence she took leave of her
nieces/ the Mlsaes Barber, and the Presi
dent's niece, Miss Duncan, as well- as
their hostess, Mrs. Milburn, and went to
her room to rest. . -
i;^ ~<-\n? ¦-" ' - ¦ . : ¦¦¦-¦¦¦¦¦¦ -' ¦•- '•;¦(« • - ¦¦¦-¦ .- - " ¦¦ • - ¦-; ¦-^¦, -¦¦¦¦¦.¦ ¦.-.,;¦:
Mrs. McKinley -showed remarkable fortitude when Dr. Rixey told her of
the attempt made upon thp life of her husband. She expressed a desire to
have the President removed to the Milburn house, which was done as soon as
possible. /.' :.'-¦ V ;;.¦; ¦ , •'.' S.. . .¦ ,/ ,. ..;„;' >/ -._'.'¦ . ', ' . ,/ ¦•;, ;.'¦'" .,
The great courage shown by the President's wife gives hope that she
will survice the shock and ordeal through which,.in her delicate state of
health, she is passing. . ' "
PRESIDENT'S WIFE SHOWS MOST
REMARKABLE FORTITUDE IN ORDEAL
Sept. 6:— Immediately • \ the
President was cared for at the Exposition
grounds Director [General W. - 1. Buchanan
started for . the | Milburn residence lo fore
stall any Information that -• might \ reach
SAD NEWS BROKEN
: TO MRS, McKINLEY
decided that on her awakening, or short
ly thereafter, Mr. Buchanan. should break
the news to her, if in_the meantime her
physician. Dr. Rixoy, had not arrived. ¦
**Mrs.: McKinley- awoke from her sleep
about 5:30 o'clock. 'She was feeling splen
didly," she said,: and' at -once took up her
crocheting, which la one of her favorite
diversions. ;; Immediately. on* f Mr.' Buchan
an's I arrival at < the Milburn home ' he had
telephonic- communication -therewith cut
off, y for - already " there > had ¦ been "- several
gret that any serious results should fol
low this. sad calamity." .v .
Asked if the President should die,
would it have any. effect upon the inter
national races, Sir Thomas said in a low
voice:; "He is not dead yet. I do not care
to , speak of that." ., .;
Sir Thomas will not sail the Shamrock
to-morrow on account of the Buffalo
tragedy. •
; Commodore iKane of • the - New '.York
yacht Club was asked to-night .what
Secretary Root left the Grand Central
station at 11:10 to-night for Buffalo in a
special train.- He was accompanied - by
Mr. Dlxon, a specialist whom he is tak-
When Secretary of War Root.. who was
at Southampton, heard that the President
had been shot he Immediately- began ar
ranging to start for. New York and
thence to Buffalo. When seen to-night fie
said: "I cannot talk. What is there to
say? It Is terrible, terrible!" .
Former Attorney General Griggs, in dis
cussing at Paterson. N. J., the shooting
of President McKinley, said: "I warned
him against this very thing time and
time again. I- asked him for the coun
try's sake and his own to have a body
guard when be went out. He refused- he
laughed at me. He Insisted that 'the
American people were too Intelligent and
too loyal to their country to do any harm
to their chief executive. - He had supreme
confidence in the people." . ,
NEW YORK. Sept. 6.-Senator Thomas
C. Platt said with reference to the shoot
ing of President McKlnley: "It is appall
ing. It does not seem possible that any
man could do such a thing. That man
was an anarchtet. He was not crazy.
There was too much method in the way
he did the act. I advocate drumhead
court-martial and that the man be taken
off at ence. This is one instance where
I think lynch law justifiable."
Senator Thomas C. Platt
Declares Lynching Would
Be Justifiable.
After Dr. Rixey had gone Mr. Buchanan
said the doctor had broken the new3 in
a most gentle manner to Mrs. McKinley
He said she stood It bravely, though she
was much affected. If it was possible to
bring him to her she wanted it done Dr
Rixey assured t her that the President
could be brought with safety from the
exposition grounds, and when he left Mr'
Milburn's it was to complete all arrange
ments for the removal, or the President.
The big force of regular patrolmen was
assigned to the Milburn residence. At 7:S0
p. m. Secretary of Agriculture Wilson and
Miss Wilson called and were admitted - to
the* Milburn residence. '
At 7:20 o"clock Dr. Rixey came out of
the house, accompanied by Webb Hayes
a son of former President Hayes, who is"
a friend of President McKinley. They en
tered a carriage and returned to 'the ex
position hospital.- - .
"Do you know," said Mr. Buchanan, "I
had a sort of premonition of this. Since
early morning! had been extremely ner
vous and -feared that something might go
wrong. Our trio to the falls was un
eventful, but what an awful sad ending
to our day." •
There was no clock in Mrs. McKinley's
room and when It was 7 o'clock she had
no idea it was so late and this was when
she began to feel anxious concerning her
husband, for he was due to return to Mr.
Milburn's home about 6 o'clock. At 7
o'clock Dr. Rixey arrived at the Milburn
residence. - He- had been driven hurriedly
down 'Delaware avenue- in. an open car
riage. As he came up Mr. Buchanan was
out on the lawn conversing; with a're
porter.
While the light of day remained Mrs.
McKinley continued with her crocheting,
keeping to • her room. When it 1 became
dusk and the President had not arrived
she began to feel anxious concerning him.
,"I wonder why he does not come?" she
asked one of her nieces.
calls, and he decided on this as the wisest
course to pursue, lest Mrs. McKinley,
hearing the continued ringing of the tele
phone bell, might inquire what it meant.
GREAT AMERICANS
EXPRESS SORROW
mark and King George of Greece dis
patched telegraphic messages of sym
pathy for Mrs. McKlnley.
LONDON, Sept. 7.— All the newspapers
this morning publish long accounts from
Buffalo describing the attempt on Presi
dent McKInley's life; dispatches from
abroad regarding: the reception of the
news, which excites renewed and anxious
discussion of mean's to prevent anarchist
outrages: references to previous attempts
and the urgent need of the adoption of
greater police precautions than ever in
republics and the freest countries.
The Daily Telegraph editorially says:
"It is with profound regret that the world
learns to-day that another distinguished
man I3 added to the criminally long- list
of rulers who have fallen victims of the
wickedness of assassins. Meat unfeigned
and heartfelt sympathy will go forth from
every family In Christendom to. Mrs. Mc-
Kinley in this her hour of deepest sorrow
and trial. Americans will acquit us of all
suspicion of ! insincerity when we claim
the plow will be felt with almost equal
severity in Great Britain as in the United
States."
Referring to the sympathy displayed by
Americana at the time of, the death cf
Queen Victoria, the Daily Telegraph says:
"Sympathy can only be repaid by sympa
thy, though it is mournful satisfaction
that the debt we so gratefully discharge
should have fallen due so soon."
The article concludes by dilating upon
the inexpllcability of the crime, commit
ted In a free country at a time of Us
greatest well-being against one of tho
most popular of rulers.
The Dally Mail believes the motive un
derlying such crimes is notoriety, and
that if such criminals could be dealt with
on the spot one great inducement to the
commission of such attempts would be. re
moved. The Mall suggests that all rulers
should be accompanied by armed men.
instructed to shoot an assassin on the
; spot;
The Times says editorially: "It will be
: a relief to the feelings of the -American
I people* to know that the criminal was not
one of themselves. We will not contem
; "plate the possibility of fatality, but in any
case the Government of the United States
will not be disturbed. Vice President
! Roosevelt is a^man of abihty and distinc
tion, in whose'hand. there is no doubt, the
country's Interests would be Safe; but
President McKinley has gained an almost 1
unequaled position and it would be a crueV
stroke of fortune if he were cut off In th«»V
plenitude of his popularity and when his
policy has been apparentlr vindicated by
•uccess."
Need of Greater Police Pre
. cautions Is Urged in
the Editorials.
.' ¦» ' ;^j : ENVER. . Sept. 6.-"I don't
i H 'j V^^k ' believe it." was Abner Mc
¦¦¦-'¦»,";..^--Klnley 'a first exclamation
. _ ¦ \ ... ¦.- W h en ne heard the news of
¦ I • \; ¦ 'm ' the attempt to assassinate
I 'Hj£_2^r ¦ his brother, the President.
-^^^^^ He was greatly agitated
, " and paced up and down the
car for ~ several minutes.
The' simple fact that the President had
LONG ACCOUNTS
IN LONDON PRESS
The McKinleys- were on their way to
Lak« City, where Abner McKlnley owns
a mine, when their trip was interrupted.
From Lake City they Intended to go to
California on a pleasure trip.
On the way "into Denver from Baileys,
a distance of about sixty miles, bulletins
on the President's condition were received
on Mr. McKinley's train. In . Denver a
special wire to • the President's bedside
was placed at Mr. McKinley's disposal by
the Western. Union-, and Dr. Baer, Abner
McKinley's aon-in-law. received the lat
est bulletins. Mr. McKinley himself did
not leave the train. The last news he re
ceived before he started East was. that
the President was resting easily and was
in no immediate danger. At 10 o'clock to
night, in the special car Colorado, belong
ing to President Trumbull of the Colorado
and. Southern, attached to the Burlington
Chicago special limited, Abner McKlnley,
his wife and his daughter's husband. Dr.
Baer, a maid and a man servant, started
eastward. . They will reach Chicago on
Sunday morning at 7:30 o'clocTc and will
leave an hour later on the Lake Shore
for. Buffalo. If, on the way, news that
the President, is worse is received the pri
vate car will be detached from the regu
lar train and rushed ahead of it as a spe
cial Into Buffalo. . t ¦_•:., X.-
"This is a terrible blow." said Mr. Mc-
Klnley to-night. "I had no idea that any
of these horrible anarchfst plots were
hatching In this country. It seems almost
incredible to me yet that any one should
aim at the life of the President, who has
been singularly pleasing, apparently, to
every class. Our whole party 13 overcome
with grief. The bulletins say that he has
a good chance to recover, and I am hop-
Ing for the best. lam sure he will live, i
and I shall hurry to Buffalo as fast as I 1
can.' The private car placed at our dis
posal by President Trumbull of the Colo
rado and Southern will be run ahead of
the regular train, in which we go out to
night as a special. If matters are more se
rious than I believe they are now. The
messages from the President's bedside are
very cheerful, however, and that is a
great relief."
beer, shot reached him at Baileys. Colo.*
about 4 o'clock this afternoon. The spe
cial in ¦which he ¦was traveling was imme
diately started back to Denver, reaching
this city at 8 o'clock this evening. . Har;y
Van -Mater of the Colorado and Southern
took charge • of all dispatches over the
company's wires and suppressed all sen
sational bulletins, so that when Mr. Mc-
Kinley reached E>en\*er he had heard that
there was a chance for his brother's re
covery and was more composed tharr In
had been.
"Nevertheless." says the Figaro,
"France joins in the anguish arid indig
nation of the American people, because
although Mr* McKinley was first responsi
ble for the bills which restricted com
mercial relations between the two peo
ples, he afterward consented to mitigate
his regime and renewed the current of
trade between them. ,
"We remember the affectionate tele
gram that Mr. McKinley sent to the Pres
ident of France at the time of the peace
negotiations between Spain and the
United States. and the conciliation and
humane policy of Americans In China,
while Mr. McKlnley .has been astonishing
the world by his moderation and spirit of
justice in the dispute between Colombia
and Venezuela. We therefore express the
The Matin speaks with particularly
kindly appreciation cf Mr. McKinley's po
litical modesty and the purity of his home
life, and continues as follows: "Hazard
is often cruel and unjust, but never more
bo than when it allows a criminal mad
man to kill in tho name of some abom
inable Ideal of liberty the most demo
cratic chief of a free people."
The Figaro pays a warm tribute to the
personal honesty of Mr. McKinley. but
sees In him a representative of the spirit
of trusts and protection, and aeks whether
the explanation of the crime is not to be
found in the fact that Mr. McKlnley per
sonified, in the eyes of the crowd, aristoc
racy and wealth. . «
PARIS, Sept. 7.— The Gaulols says: "We
feel the necessity of expressing to the
great pepple of the United States, to
¦whom so many ties unite us, our sympa
thy with them, and horror at the crime
that has cast them into mourning, but the
great faith of this grand people in God
will enable them to again recover them
selves and pursue the course of their des
tinies."
BERLIN. Sept. «.— King Edward was
traveling from Frankfort to Hamburg
when the news of the attempt upon the
life of President McKlnley was received
and a telegram was at once dispatched to
meet him, acquainting him with the deed.
The Altona-Kell Railway was strongly
guarded by a large force of police and it
cannot be doubted that this latest an
archistic attempt will result in the re
doubling of police precautions upon the
Continent, la vit-w of the various imperial
meetings now occurring.
If there had ever been any likelihood
that the Czar would go to Paris, It may
now be regarded as a certainty that he
will not go. lie had already decided yes
terday to return direct to Russia.
King Edward Receives News.
Mr. and Mrs. Nat C. Goodwin and other
Americans who were to have dined at the
Carleton to-night canceled their engage
ments on hearing the news, and all the
orchestras ceased playing. Crowds sur
rounded the bulletin boards^ *
The Lord Mayor of London was In
formed of the attempt upon the Presi
dent's life by a press representative, and
expressed the greatest grief and emotion.
He eaid: "I shall call a meeting of the
Aldermen to-morrow formally to express
to Mrs. McKinley and the American peo
ple the horror and grief felt at the at
tempt. Personally the news comes to me
with the greatest possible chock, and I
am sure that every citizen of London will
join me in expressing feelings of sorrow
at the terrible calamity."
C. L. Pullman, recalling a conversation
with President McKinley a few weeks
ago, said: "I had been telling the Presi
dent of my experiences In Russia, where
I found rt easier to get to the Czar than
to him. Mr. McKlnley said he believed
It would fall to the lot of some of the
great White House men before many
years had passed to control the destinies
of Xorth and South America."
Comparatively few Englishmen heard
the news to-night, but all these expressed
hcrror and sympathy as genuine as if It
had been the King: instead of a President.
Jlr. McKinley's kindly personality, his
friendship for England and his kindly
messages of condolence upon the occasion
of Queen Victoria's death were all called
up in \oices as low and awe-stricken as
those of any purely American gathering.
A correspondent conveyed the Intelli
gence to J. TV. Mackay, Thomas Ochlltree,
G. L. Pullman. J. "W. Gates and many
others, all of whom desired to express
their indignation at the cowardly act, the
deepest sympathy with Mr. McKlnley and
hope* for his recovery. Added to this per
sor.al sentiment was the dread that what
ever the outcome of the outrage upon the
Prosi<KFnt. it would perhaps result fatally
to Mrs. McKinley.
The announcement of the attempted as
sassination -was received too late for extra
editions cf the papers to announce the
news to the mars cf English people, and
they will not learn until they talie up
their morning papers of the attempt to
kill the President.
ne-ws, arose a far-reaching
feeling of Borrow and Indignation, which
wherever Americans were gathered gain
ed' almost the proportions of a panic, ac
companied by feverish anxiety for further
details.
The thousands of Americans now In
London were mostly at the theaters ¦when
the news arrived, and returning to their
hotels found anxious groups of English
men and Americans discussing what,
without distinction of race. Is regarded
as a national calamity. London's tele
phones, usually silent at night, tinkled
¦with Impatient, inquiries addressed to
newspapers and American correspond
ents It. the hope of securing a denial of
the report.
-^B* ' ONDON,_S«pt. 6.— The news
y of the attempt upon the
I life of President McKlnley
I — spread slowly In London.
| The first ticker reports
J discredited- Then, with
•^^^¦^^^ the confirmation and gen
eral dissemination of the
wish that Americans be spared mourn
ing." : , ;
Tho Eclair declares that the attempt to
assassinate the President will arouse a&
much Indignation and- condemnation la
Franco as In the United States, and re
calls the sympathy expressed .by the
American people at the time of the assas
sination of President Carnot.
COPENHAGEN. Sept. 6.— The newa of
the assault on President McKlnley caused
a painful expression at. Fredrichenborg.
Emperor Nicholas, King Christian of Den-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Train on Which He Is Traveling
to the Coast Is Intercepted
in Colorado and
Turns Back, 1
Manifestations of Grief in London
When Reports of the Tragedy
in Buffalo Are Re
ceived.
ABNER M'KINLEY
RECEIVES NEWS
OF THE CRIME
BRITONS DISPLAY
SINCERE SORROW
OVER SAD NEWS
PROSPECT THAT THE PRESIDENT
MAY RECOVER FROM INJURIES
: THE SAN: FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,! SEPTEMBER 7, 1901.
6Society snapshots at Del Monte wid San
RafaeL ¦.>¦ To-day's Wasp> . • :
. WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.— The War De
partment to-hlght' received the i following
that the shooting of the President is the
outcropping, in some obscure way, of the
Haymarket riots and that it will be found
eventually. ' that the £ assassin :. has : some
connection with '¦. the group ' of persons I as
sociated In the Chicago anarchist riot.
Secret service officials are of .this [opinion
because of tha name' of .the j man and T the
fact' that he, Is probably.' from , the same
general section of > country as some of the
Hayniarket participants. '¦' The Secret Ser-
gress of human intelligence j and the ex
tension of human brotherhood: It is this
'man,', true, to 'God, true to mankind, true
to his country and true to his home," who
yesterday, at an exposition of the bounties
of nature, the products of peaceful Indus
try and the Intellectual achievements of
man, and as ;the result of desecrating
assaults upon every phase of 'genuine
Americanism, was . shot down,'; almost '¦ in
the presence of I his iwlfe, by a . Polish'
ARTILLERYMEN; MAKE;:
: ASSASSIN A CAPTIVE
lationN to-night. A mob went out fron
Plttsburg and drove the anarchists out o:
town. A number of shots were fired. 7
OMAHA, Nebr.. Sept. 6.— Police- to-night
dispersed a meeting of socialists at Jef
ferson Square because of public utterances
of . two speakers, who, denounced the ad
ministration. Two men, George Balrd
and C. McCaffery, were arrested and
hustled oft to a police station on a charge *
of obstructing the street.' Several hundred
persons were gathered in the 'crowd and
It was feared for. a time that they would
do violence to the two speakers. It re-'"
quired a squad of ten pollcemea to di*.
perse the crowd.
OMAHA SOCIALISTS
ARE TAKEN TO JAIL
"The attempted assassination of the
President is a shock to the entire coun
try and he and his wife are the recipients
of universal sympathy. The papers say
the shot was fired by an insane man, and
it Is hoped this is true, for while it is a
terrible thing for a President to be the
victim of a maniac it is even .worse for
him to be fired upon by a sane person
prompted by malice or revenge. In 1 a re
public, where the people elect their offi
cials and can remove them, there can be
no excuse for a resort to violence. If our
President were In constant fear of plots
and conspiracies we would soon sink to
the level - of , those ¦ nations in which force
Is the only weapon' of the Government
and the only weapon of the Government's
enemies." . L ''¦ '"'•¦i ¦"¦.-:. .-
LINCOLN, Neb., Sept. 6.— Following th©
receipt of the news of the attempt on
President McKinley's life "William J.
Bryan sent a brief message to the Presi
dent expressing his concern. Mr. Bryan
to-night gave out the following state
ment:
¦ "The pistol shots' In Buffalo sent through the land a fearful warning against license disguised
as liberty, against lawlessness, manqaeradlntr In the cloak' of freedom. They are a call to every loyal
man that lie lay aside the easy sloth of -Indifference -and' enroll, himself T *' il t n , * he vigilance-men
against disorder, lawlessness' and every form and prulse of anarchy. The miserable wretch who .fired
the shots is not of his own making.' Every encouragement of dUorder, every wanton criticism of men
in public office has helped to make 'him^ what he is. If the vigilance-men will cope with 4 anarchy they
must kill these seeds of anarchy— and' It is high time for them to be up and doing.- -
v ' % • , • "BENJ. IDE WHEELER."
"Every American heart Is filled to-night Trlth pain and dUtreM. The hand of -violence hat been
raised against one of the kindliest and "wisest friends of man and men that In all the records of time
ever sat in the chair of authority. But; this la not all/ nor^ even the beginning of the whole. .That;,
hand wan raUed against the Chief Maelntrnte ot the land, against the father of his people, against the
embodiment of the supreme law, against the representative of that syiitein. of order ire call the state,
through whlcli society, our lives, our homes, our well-being: are secured.
BERKELEY, Sept. C— The following Ri^ned statement concerning: the snooting: of the President
was prepared by Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president of' the University" of California: ; : ;.-..,. .
Hopes the Tragedy Will Be
Found to Have Been the
Act of a Maniac.
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER POINTS
OUT RESPONSIBILITY FOR CRIME
BRYAN DEPLORES
ANARCHIST'S ACT
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.— It Is the opin
ion of secret service officials in this-city
. ¦ ¦ - ' ¦ : . : ' / . .
MAY BELONG TO
HAYMARKET GANG
There were some of the anarchists at
Bart hold! Hall, however, who were nol
displeased at Niexnan's act.
"I think he Is a German lunatic who
has some personal grievance. The grous
of anarchists In this city Is composed al
most entirely of Italians. Nieman is not
known to any of them. I never heard oi
the man. -We have often discussed Presi
dent McKinley at our meetings, and the
general opinion always was that he was
a good, broad minded man who would not
persecute us. We never plot the deatb
of rulers, but we sympathize with any
one J who removes a monarch; but I don't
believe that any of the anarchists of thit
city will applaud this deed."
"I do not believe he is an anarchist."
said Pedro Esteve, editor of La Questions,
to-night.
PATERSON, N. J., Sept. J^-The anarch
la ts of this city are greatly excited over
the attempted assassination of McKinley.
The general feeling is against the deed
and the man who tried to commit tha
murder. They would all readily sympa
thize with any one who would . kill •
European monarch, but protest against
being represented as sympathizing with
Nieman.
Paterson Man Declares That
They Respect the
President.
telegram from Captain John B. Wiser,
commanding the Seventy-third Company
of Coast Artillery at Buffalo:
"Adjutant'General, U. S. A., Washing
ton: ¦ The President was shot at a recep
tion in the Temple of Music about 4 p. m.
Corporal Bertschey and a detail of men
of my company caught the assassin at
once and held him down till the secret
service men overpowered him and took
the prisoner out of our hands, my men
being unarmed. The condition of the
President Is not known. The revolver Is
in my possession. ¦¦' .'...'
"WISER, Commanding."
i PITTSBURG, Kans., Sept. 6.— When the
Italian anarchists. at Chicopee, near here,
heard of the attempted assassination of
President McKinley they held a big Jubi-
While the theory of the secret service
here Is as stated, at the same time no
facts concernins the matter are known
to tho Secret Service Bureau, so it is con
ceded to be but a surmise at present that
the assassin belongs to the Haymarket
gang. ..
vice Bureau had the Paterson (N. J.)
group very thoroughly under surveillance
and is confident the assassin has no asso
ciation with them. Three secret service
operatives were In Buffalo " about; the
President at the time of the shooting and
another was on the way, to Cleveland.
anarchist. In the midst of righteous
indignation,. Americans will preserve thoir
balance, but they have learned their
lesson and will sternly administer the
remedy. It is now hoped and believed
that Mr. McKinley will survive his
Injuries, but, whether he lives or dies, the
republic will endure. - •
HENRY E. HIGHTON. '.'¦
These are the radiating suggestions,
given to his fellow citizens and to the
world, and touching not merely the prea
ent but the future advancement of the
human race, of the President of the United
States, who has served his country in war
and ; in peace, who slowly wrought his
way upwards from obscurity, and whose
avowed purpose in life is the diffusion and
maintenance of individual liberty, under
constitutional guarantees, and the pro-
Territory in the Union will stand by the
Republic and the wish expressed by the
archbishop that its splendid institutions
shall be permanent." '• • ?' "Thank
God! in the United States there are no
class distinctions, and the. poor boy can
rise as well as the rich one."
As a crowning extract, after they had
been eloquently addressed by Archbishop
Biordan, on behalf of the cadets of the
League of the Cross, he Impressed upon
th# youthful citizens of Christianity the
duties of citizenship, in this fervent "ap
peal :~ ; "Young gentlemen, there is no
higher duty for the citizen' than to be de
voted to his country and to Its civil insti
tutions, and these young men and the
young men like you from every State and
His Flea for Citizenship.
To the Knights Templar at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion, May 22, he defined American
brotherhood as "devoted to human rights
and the development of the best there is
In man," and added: "Liberty, freedom
of conscience, equality and opportunity
are its passwords. What a noble concep
tion it was of the fathers! the founding of
this Government, not upon the will and
Judgment of the few, but upon the will
and Judgment and conscience of the
many; a Government in which allthe peo
ple of every State" participate in a" citizen
ship that is equal everywhere; equal cit
izenship in equal States In a Union that
has never been equaled."
"All my public life has been devoted in
effort to give the workingmen the best
opportunity for good wages and steady
employment. When labor is well employed
the country is safe; and when labor is
well employed there is contentment and
happiness in the house* of the laboring
men."
In this city, on May 19, at the launch
ing of the Ohio, he splendidly apostro
phized free labor and recognized its dig
nity and its influence:
"Thank God! we have no classes in the
United States, and we have no platform
except our country and our constitution."
eulogizing the arts of peace, he added:
"We know no Imperialism In the United
States except the imperialism of a sov
ereign - people." Hardly had his foot
pressed the noil of California when, at
Redlands, May 8, he again. upheld that
freedom which some demagogues now
assert for themselves and deny to their
fellows: "Our triumphs are those of a
free, self-governing people, looking to the
development and upbuilding and exten
sion of liberty to the human race." At*
the town of Monterey, May 12, rapidly
approaching this metropolis, he scented
a danger, which we are now experiencing,
when he exclaimed:
SAYS ANARCHISTS
ARE NOT GUILTY
NBWBUET, N. H., Sept. 6.— A message
containing the information from Buffalo
was received here early this evening and
forwarded by messenger to the home of
Secretary Hay. No reply came to it, and
up. to a late hour Secretary Hay had no;
been reached.
Message Is Conveyed to the
Home of the Secretary
of State.
HAY NOT AT HOME
WHEN NEWS ARRIVES
SECRETARY JOHN HAT. who
In the event of a fatal out
come of President McKIn
ley's wounds and the succes
sion of Vice President Roose
velt to the Presidency Dy act
of Congress will become Vice
President, was born at Sa
lem. Ind.. October 8. 1833. He
graduated at Brown Univer
sity In 1838, 'and studied law at Spring
field, 111., where he was admitted to prac
tice before the Supreme Court In the early
part of 1S61.
He went to Washington with Mr. Un
coin as assistant secretary when tiie lat
ter was inaugurated, and remained with
him until his death. He also acted as his
adjutant and aid-Ce-camp, and on the oc
casion of Early's threatening of Wash
ington, in 1864. he took tho field on the
staff of General David Hunter, and later
was with General Gllmore.
In March, 1865", he was appointed secre
tary of the legation to France, which
position he held until March, 1867. when' |
he retired. Tn May following he.w.ia ap
pointed secretary of the legation to Aus
tria-Hungary, where he acted as Charge
d' Affaires until August, 1S68. In June.
1869, he was made secretary of the lega
tion to Spain, but retired in October, 1S70.
He then became an editorial writer on
the New. York Tribune, where he re
mained &xb years, the latter part of which
time he was editor in chief.
In 1875 he removed to Cleveland and de
voted himself to writing and private busl
nesa, but at the same time taking an ac
tive part in tho Presidential campaigns of
1876, 1880 and 1884. He was appointed As
sistant Secretary of State November 1,
1S73, and served until May 3. 1881. when he
retired. In that Vear he represented the
United States at the International Santl
tary Congress, which sat at Washington,
and -was elected I president of that body.
On March 10, 1397, Mr. Hay was appointed
by President McKinley. as Embassador
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten
tiary to Great Britain, which high office
he resigned September 19, 1S&8, ,to become ¦
Secretary of State, a position he has ably
filled ever since.
It Is to be noted that Mr. Hay in his
public career has been closely associated
with the three Presidents who have been
made objects of assassin's bullets—Lin
coln, Garfleld and McKinley.
. Mr. Hay enjoys considerable reputation
as a writer. His "Castllian Days," "Pike
County Ballads" and "Abraham Lincoln:
A History," written in conjunction with
John. G. NIcolay, are widely and favor
ably known.
And the next day, at Austin, Tex., he
held bis countrymen to this ideal: "We
must not be unfaithful to our high mis
! slon or falter before Its high responsibili
ties, nor must we permit might or pride
' to taint our motives and lead us from the
plain paths of duty or divert us from the
eaer^d principle* of liberty." Within three
Jkf-r*, in the came State, After
"The happiest people In the world are
those who are best employed. Work
means -wages; wages mean contentment,
end bring to i he home opportunities of
education."
At TVesson. Miss., as afterward at San
Francisco, he addressed himself to wage
earners:
Famous Words to Toilers.
THE attempted assassination
of President McKinley is the
direct outcome of the toler
ation in the United States of
European anarchy, inspired
and stimulated by the New
Tork Journal, the Chicago
American and the San Fran
cisco Examiner, the triple
headed monster of the press. The un
bounded confluence -which the President
reposed In the American people was and
is wen founded, but he failed to realize
the lawless and murderous spirit that
smolders in the dregs of population, re
cruited from aboard and encouraged by
traitors to Americanism and to human
ity at home.
The anarchists have kept their -word.
After the murder of Humbert by an an
archist domiciled in New Jersey they
promised that their next victim should be
the President of a republic. Whatever
the result may be — though Mr. McKinley
nay be preserved by a. merciful Provi
dence and the American people saved
from a great anguish— the act and the in
tent have combined to produce the great
est crime of the twentieth century- The
Polish -wretch who fired the shots Is a
mere tool and will suffer the ordinary
consequence of imprisonment or death,
as the result may legally warrant.
But the true responsibility will be con
centrated upon the criminals behind the
pistol, who have used literary skill and
the resources of art to thwart the just
and equal administration of the law, to
bring all the administrators of govern
ment into disrepute, to insult coarsely,
brutally and unremittingly the highest
representatives of the people, to carica
ture and vilify our wounded President in
every low and contemptible manner that
malignity could employ, to replace Amer
icanism by the villainous theories of the
worst classes of revolutionists, and cause
lessly and wantonly to promote disorder
and violence at a time of profound peace
and unexampled prosperity.
When the President was in San Fran
cisco he was constantly under the pro
lection cf the same police force that now
endeavors by the performance of its duty
to negative the efforts of the Examiner
to incite personal assaults and even riots
among the limited number cf the danger
ous class among the strikers who bow to
its influence. But Mr. McKinley, not
withstanding the assassinations of Lin
coln and Garneld and the anarchistic lit
erature that disgraced journalism, could
not be made to comprehend the existence
of danger In a large and thriving Ameri
can community devoted to American in
stitutions and to the American flag.
Had L T o Fear of Assassins.
"While he was unostentatiously exhibit-
Ing the depth of American statesmanship,
the breadth of American patriotism and
the simple fidelity to domestic obligations
of an American gentleman, and attracting
and receiving the gentle sympathy and
the Intelligent respect of untold thousands
of his fellow citizens, without distinction
of class, party or creed, he was uncon
scious that the criminal elements here and
elsewhere throughout the Union had been
gradually and persistently educated to the
European conception of murder as a fine
art. It is fortunate for California that
the logic of this horrible training did not
receive its culminating demonstration
while he was on the Pacific Coast. It is
still more fortunate that the climax^ was
reached when he had found and to* the
uttermost used the greatest opportunity
ever offered to man to exemplify to the
world the true meaning of American civ
ilization and of American progress.
Lincoln died when his pathetic an
nouncement of "charity toward all and
malice toward none," in the closing scenes
of a bloody war, had touched the nobility
of the North and sweetened the heart of
the South. Garfield. after his long strug
gle, yielded up the ghost when he was
recognized at home and abroad as an il
lustration of the elevating force of our po
litical system. Mr. MeKinley, whether he
lives or dies, stands as the foremost rep
resentative of consolidated Americanism,
true to the sovereignty of man, within the'
restraints of the constitution and of the
law, as it has been vindicated by the
birth, the growth and the present altitude
of the American republic «*-
There could be no better occasion briefly
to recall and to impress upon American
men and women, who believe In their coun
try, a few of those sentences uttered by
Mr. McKinley on the way to California,
in which he condensed the lessons of our
national history, and which constitute
burning retorts to the pessimistic anar
chists of the day. At Decatur, Tenn., on
April 30 of the present year, he struck the
keynote of his subsequent inspiration
when he caid:
"'We have no North, no South, no East,
no West, but are all Americans." On the
same day at Tuscombia, Tenn., after de
picting our restored national unity in
terms that will live, he honored popular
government by saying: i
"We are your agents. The President
and Congress are but the representatives
of the public will, and bo long as the peo
ple arc united, so long- as their homes are
virtuous, so loner as the public schools of
our country continue to educate the chil
dren In the paths of patriotism and loy
alty and Intelligence and morality, so
* long will this great Government rest se
curely and advance triumphantly to its
highest destiny."
Interesting Career of the Diplo
mat Who Is in the Line of
Succession.
Attempted Assassination of the
President Shows a Defect in
Method of Government.
SECRETARY HAY
MAY NOW BE THE
VICE PRESIDENT
MALIGN POWER
OF ANARCHISTS
A NEW DANGER
LATE BULLETINS SAY PATIENT
IS RALLYING SATISFACTORILY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,,, SATURDAT, SEPTEMBER 7, ; 19OJ.
OFFICIAL WHO BECOMES VICE PRESIDENT IN EVENT OF PRESIDENT'S DEATH.
7BERLIN. Sept. 6.— President McKinley's
speech at Buffalo attracts, general atten
tion here, though few, of the evening
papers comment upon it. The Post says:
"It is striking that President i McKinley
expresses himself decisively for the ex-
How Berlin Press Regards
McKinley's Latest Pub
lic Utterance.
GERMAN COMMENT
ON BUFFALO SPEECH
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 6.— Many flags
were half-masted here to-day because of
a report received from San Francisco that
the President was dead and general relief
was expressed when a bulletin contra
dicting the report was received. Great
grief is felt here over the. terrible occur
rence and bulletins are eagerly . watched
for. . ¦ y .:
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 6.— The news of the
shooting of President McKinley was re
ceived In this city with general manifes
tations of the deepest regret Newspaper
offices were besieged by crowds awaiting
further particulars of the affair and when
a rumor of the President's death came
flags all over th© city were placed at half
mast. The Supervisors adjourned at once,
as did several other organizations that
happem^p to be In session at j the time.
There was great rejoicing when it was
learned this report was erroneous.'
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 6.-Th e news of the
attempt oh the life of President McKin
ley cast a gloom over the otherwise happy
life. at the encampment of the Southern
California Veterans' Association and all
the entertainments which had been pre
pared for the evening were declared off.
Later, when the confirmations of the re
port was received, the commander, C. B.
Hamilton, sent the following message of
condolence:
CORONADO BEACH, Sept. 6, 1901.
\To Hon. John Hay, Secretary of State,
Washington: The fourteenth annual encamp
ment of the Southern California Veterans'
Encampment Association, assembled at Coro
nado, Cal., express to their comrade, tho
President, . and his family, their great sorrow
In their affliction and their horror at the at
tempt upon his life. We hope for his early
recovery. C. B. HAMILTON, Commander.
Veterans Encamped at Coro
nadoSend Sorrowing Mes
sage to McKinley.
GRIEF IN CITIES
OF PACIFIC COAST
At the meeting of Jolden Gate Chapter
No. 1, Order of the Eastern Star, at which
the grand patron of the order was pres
ent, a fervent prayer was .offered. for the
recovery of the wounded President, and
sympathy was extended to Mrs. McKin
ley, who Is a member of the order.
Special services will be held at 10:30
o'clock this morning at the Bush-street
Synagogue for the purpose of offering up
prayers for the recovery of the stricken
President. - <
Before action could be taken a reporter
of The Call handed up a copy of the dis
patch from Senator Mark Hanna saying
the President was in no immediate dan
ger. The resolutions were thereupon laid
on the table in order »_at such 'action as
might be appropriate could be taken later.
Resolved, By the Union Labor party in con
vention assembled, that we discountenance all
such acts, and to uphold the majesty of the
law, we express regret; and out, of respect for
our beloved Magistrate we hereby adjourn to
Tuesday, September 10, at 10 a. m. - -: -
A. C.-SCHWATKA,
w. j. wpw.
Whereas, The President of the United States.
William McKinley, has been assaulted with
murderous intention to-day, September 6, 1901;
therefore, be it
When the news of the attack on Presi
dent McKinley was received tho Union
Labor party convention at Metropolitan
Temple was about assembling. A. hastily
prepared set of resolutions was presented
by the representative of the Allied Print
ing Trades, as follows:
Resolved, That we regret beyond expression
the cowardly and villainous assault on our
Chief Executive, which has brought him to
# death's door; that we deeply sympathize with
him and his lovinc and gracious wife in this
his hour of pain and her time of sorrow.
Re-solved, That we know' of no degree of
punishment too severe to be inflicted on the
criminal..
The Iroquls Club met last night at 909
Market street only to adjourn a few min
utes later as a mark of respect and sym
pathy for President McKinley. Before
adjourning, however, the following resolu
tions "were adopted:
death is the result, and may be caused by
ehock, internal hemorrhage or blood poisoning.
AS soon as ilaror James D.
Phel&n bears! the news of
ths attempt to assassinate
the President he tele
graphed the . following
words of condolence to
•Mrs. McKlnley:
SAK FRANCISCO. Sajrt- 6. 1301.
Mm, VfK'r.irri "Washinsrtnn. Dl C: The
peopla of. San Frencisco, grief-stricken by the
calamity which has befallen the nation, and
reoBlli&r the recent visit of the President to
their city, where he endeared himself to one
and ail fcr his coble qualities of mind end
heart, beg you to eccept the assurance of their
heartfelt ijTBjaUhy.
JAMES D. PHELAX. Mayor.
The. Mayor also sent the following tele
gram to Secretary Hay, extending condol
ences to the members of the Cabinet on
behalf of the people of San Francisco:
SAX KRAXCISCO. CaL, Sept. 6, 1901.
John Hay, Secretary of State, "Washington:
The city of Ban Francisco, so recently favored
by the President, feels aa especial Interest In
his welfare, and Is overwhelmed "with grief and
resentment by the sad news received to-day
from Buffalo. Accept for the Cabinet our sin
cere sympathy and best hopes.
__ , , . JAMES D. FHELAJT, Mayor.
- "Jlajor General Samuel B. M- Young,
commanding the United . States military
forces of the Pacific coast, while sitting 1
at his desk at anny headquarters received
the news that the President had been
shot The intelligence -was communicated
through, the office of Adjutant General
Babeock to the commander of the post at
the Presidio and to other post command
ers of the department- During his recent
sojourn In Washington General Voung
was the guest of the President on several
occasions.
The shooting of the President and the
fear expressed that the injuries may
prove fatal were matters discussed by lo
cal surgeons last night Up to 11 o'clock
no definite statement as to the wound nor
a precise relation of the symptoms had
been received in this city.
X number of leading surgeons were
Questioned 'as to their- views concerning
the President's chances for recovery. The
opinion Becmed to prevail that the recov
ery of the President is a matter of grave
doubt. The fact that the. President is not
of robust health and the additional cir
cumstance of age, and consequent enfee
bioment cf constitution, are advanced as
etrong factors that may militate against
2rim In his battle for Ufa.
Dr. A. P. O'Brien, who was a surgeon
In the Philippines and is now Health Offi
cer of Ban Francisco, expressed his views
concerning President McKinley's chances
ior recovery as follows:
Chmshot wounds In the Etomach are at best
very serious affairs. If the victim Is a young
fn»Tk of robust health, his chances for recovery
ere rood. Even under the most favorable con
dltlons there Is always danger of fatal results.
Xn the first place there is the shock to the
gyBtem consequent upon the necessity of lap
oratomy. which 'is often fatal to persons .. of
weak constitution.' Th?n again, there Is dan
eer of infection. Blood poisoning may follow
the escape of the. contents cf- the stomach
Into the abdominal cavity. I have seen young
soldiers ehot through the stomach In the
Philippines, all " of whom recovered. " But in
the President's case there Is the disadvantage
of ace, ¦"* a more or less enfeebled constitu
tion. It Is impossible for anyone to say how
the President's wound may terminate in the
circumstances. Because no unfavorable symp
toms have thus far developed is no guarantee
that he will recover. Judging from the news
thus far received, my conviction Is that the
President Is in a most precarious condition,
end that his recovery Is doubtful.
Dr. J. M. Williamson, president of the
Board of Health, when asked to give his
views upon the probable outcome of Presi
dent McKinley's injuries, said:
From present Information, i I have no hesi
tancy In saying that the President will re
cover. Still, his chances are not as good as
they would be were he thirty years younger.
The President has not been In robust health,
and if serlcus complications ensue his system
might not be able to withstand the shock. His
danger does net He -In the, mere puncturing
cf the stomach. The question Is. what dam
age did the bullet do after passing through
the stomach. It might have Injured the nerve
g-anplia, or severed some blood vessels. In
which case there is danger from hemorrhage.
But the greatest danger is blood poisoning. If
that can be averted, the President will \cer
talnly recover. The prompt treatment of his
injuries greatly lessened the danger of a fatal
termination of the shooting. In addition to
I this, the President is being cared for 'by the
most skillful of surgeons, and this counts for
a great deal. Inasmuch as no unfavorable
eymptoHM have manifested themselves, I am
Inclined to the belief that the wound is not
as eerlous aa waa at first supposed. . -
Dr. Theodore Rethers, who as an army
eurgeon treated a number of men suffer
ing from gunshot wounds in the stomach
and intestines, said:
These stomach and Intestinal wounds are
cf tuch a varied nature that it "Is a hard
matter to foretell the result of the wound. In
flicted by. tie assassin's bullets. From what
I- have heard of .the , nature of the. wound,
without knowing exactly what part of the
/President's body the bullet penetrated, I
should say that his chances of recovery are :
film. I have known of a number of "people i
suffering from gun?hot "wounds in the Etom- j
, ach to recover, and quite a few persons have
been known to get. over perforations of, the
intestines. In the majority of cases, however,"
WHERE THE PRESIDENT WAS TAKEN AFTER THE SHOOOTINQ.
'Medical Men Talk of the
Probable Result of
ii »
injuricSa
Mayor of the City
- Sends Citizens'
Condolences.
Universal Grief
Over Act of.
Maniac.
SORROW
IS IN ALL
PLACES
MEN OF CANTON
WEEP WHEN SAD
NEWS ARRIVES
tin to the Repository, was
eiven to Mrs. M. C. Barbour, Mrs. Mc-
Kinley's sister., Not long after the first
reports were -received people began to
gather in email companies in front of Mc-
Klnley's residence on North Market street.
Before many minutes had elapsed surg
ing crowds of anxious people gathered at
the corner of Louis avenue arid North
Market street and many ventured up to
the door of McKinley's home to ask the
attendants what news they had received.
To all comers, the maid, who had charge
j, mmu ANTON, Ohio, Sept. 6.— News
g 7 of the attempted assasslna
jf tlon of President McKinley
E quickly spread through the
J city. It came as a. great
snock to the P e °P le of Can "
tQn .j^g firgt newSt a bulle-
Gloom Spreads Over President's
Home Town and Neighbors
Eagerly Devour Reports
From Buffalo.
thoroughfares were filled with anxious
groups.
All Eager for the News.
Men and boys clustered about readers
of extra editions, and anxious Inquiries
were made of every one for anything
which Was not already public knowledge.
It was In clubs and hotels that the keenest
interest was manifested during the after
dinner hours. "When it was reported that
the President probably would recover and
there were no contradicting reports it
seemed to be taken for granted that the
event would not become a historical
tragedy.
At the big hotels the possible effect on
the financial situation was chiefly dis
cussed. All sorts of rumors were "afloat.
It was said J. P. Morgan had summoned
the chief bankers and capitalists on board
his yacht and wae holding a ways- and
means conference, and It was wildly
stated that the presidents of all the bis
banks were in session In the Metropolitan
Club. The truth is that Mr. Morgan,
after a conference with Jame3 R. Keene,
boarded his yacht and went 'to Great
Neck, L. I.
In the Fifth Avenue Hotel Senator
Platt in a corridor wa3 the center of a
gathering, who sat or stood about him,
¦who had sorrow written on their faces.
They listened with respect to the Senator
as he told cf the gentleness and klndnes3
of the man who had been stricken, and
said it was such cases as these that ju
tified lynching, and added that he regret
ted that the penalty in the State for the
crime, should the President not die, was
only ten years In the penitentiary.
At the Democratic Club and in the Hoff
man House, where were congregated men
whose political sympathies were not with
the chief executive, politics were forgot
ten In the sorrow which was evident. The
first resolutions of sorrow passed In this
city were by a joint meeting of the Dem
ocratic organization and tho Democratic
Tammany committee. • f
Captain Titus. Chief of the Detective
Bureau, after conferring by telephone
with Sergeant Vallely, in charge of the
Police Bureau at the Exposition In Buf
falo, examined the records of anarchists
and dangerous characters contained In his
'office and said he failed to find that Nle
man is known in New York by the police.
Sisters Learn of Tragedy.
CLEVELAND. Sept. 6.— News of the at
tempted assassination of the President
was broken to his sisters. Mrs. A. J. Dun
can and Miss Helen McKinley, both of
whom live in this city, by a son of Mrs.
Duncan, who hurried to the home of his
mother and gently as possible acquainted
the two sisters of the President with the
terrible happening.
Tears were shed, but both ladies bora
up under the shock and showed much
bravery. They had both feared an at
tempt upon the life of their brother and
their fears were at last awfully realized.
BUFFALO. Sept. 6.— Solemnity and sor
row were written upon the faces of th©
diplomatic corps as they moved out of
the Niagara Hotel. The news reached
some of them on the exposition grounds,
others had gone 1 ' to their hotels on their
return with the President from a trip to
the falls and did not learn of the calamity
until late In the afternoon. Upon learning
it each one hurried to the Milburn house
to inquire as to the President's condition
aiid to express sorrow over the misfor
tune that had befallen him.
Continued From Page Five. *
RECORD IS MOST GALLANT
PEOPLE OF ENTIRE CIVILIZED WORLD
SYMPATHIZE WITH THE UNITED STATES
THE SAN. FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 19O1.
/ Great, celebration' Admission day. Grand
parade, . barbecue i and . receptions. ¦/- SV0
round -trip.: going >, Saturday after/6on,
Sunday and Monday morning. : Evi/ybody
will go. Information 613 Market/Street.
Native Sons at San Jose.
"It is sad, indeed, that an insane fanatic
can have it, In; his power; to endanger the
Jife of the head of a great nation like this
and a': man possessing " the 1 many j virtues
of President McKinley."'. The man who did
U must be a madman.' The; President has
did not reach Cardinal 'Gibbons until
nearly 7 o'clock in the evening. • Upon
being informed that the condition of the
President was very, grave A the ' Cardinal
sank into a chair and said:
order ; immediately that prayers shall - be
held In} every church . in - my diocese on
Sunday next. If the President still live-*—
and God grant that he may— they will be
I for his recovery." ; .
mlts the extraordinary economic progress
of the United States and , concludes: ."It
would . be ) singular, if Germany,' adopted a
high tariff system at the very ; moment
when the v traditional" country 5 of ;¦ th.it
system Is 'preparing^ a v freer, policy, and;
commercial treaties." . ,y ,,- . • '..
\ The ; Deutsche Tages ¦ Zeltung ; ; says":
"There is absolutely- no occasion' to sup
pose ' that President McKinley-'; Is -'about
abandoning the prohibitive - system. : The
said: ;¦:; .; ¦'•> • ; ¦ * . ¦ •. :
"The attempted Msanslnntlon of President McKinley Is the fruit ot that curse ot the times—Yel
low Journalism. When men are taught that law Is an instrument not for public good and' order, but
• for the oppression of the many in behalf of the few and favored} when those charged with the exe
cution of the laws, from President , to policeman, are derided, abused and mallsrned for their perform
ance of duty; -when 'every, vice, every evil passion, every criminal instinct is nattered and pandered to
that a few extra nickels may be gathered by. a conscienceless publisher, what can be expected but the
education and propagation of -such criminals as appeared to-day T \
."The unwholesome wre'tch whose conscience is no larger than the nickel for which he distills
and sells this sort of moral poison and who produces this class of crime and criminal : is the person
who should be held responsible by the people. * * ' 'i .'-'
"The prayers of every honest heart go out to the suffering President. The sympathy of all man
kind is at his bedside and while this, tension is so great, the underlying; causes are not overlooked. ;;. The
Journalistic Ishmaelites, the common enemies of decency, order and prosperity are In plain view, and
with these the people must deal. . >
"Hearst and; his papers have at last accomplished something:. The people 'can Jnilge of their
work." ¦ ' ,. . V ' . ' , ¦ . ¦¦-¦' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦- ••- ¦
Gavin McXab, the well-known attorney, In discussing the murderous attack on/ the President,
TRINITY OF YELLOW JOURNALS
IS BLAMED FOR THE CALAMITY
During all the activities of politics,
ranching, war and statecraft, Roosevelt
has found time to write many valuable
and interesting volumes. Among the more
notable of his works are: "The Naval
"War of 1812." "Hunting Trips of. a Ranch
man," "The Winning of the West." two
biographies, one of Governor Morris and
the other of Thontas H. Benton. and an
account of the Santiago campaign under
the title "The Rough Riders." ¦¦¦..,.
His career, during the war added to his
fame and in- the succeeding State election
he was chosen Governor of New York
by an overwhelming majority. In the
performance of the duties of that office
he established his reputation as a states
man of the first rank. He was nominated
at the next Presidential election for the
office of Vice President by acclamation,
and during the campaign made a canvass
of. the West that will long be remembered
as one of the most brilliant in our annals.
Since then his official services have been
many. President Harrison appointed him
a member of the Civil Service Commission
In 1SS9 and he served as a member of
the board and Its president for six years.
In' 1895 he became president of the Board
of Police Commissioners In New York. In
1897 he was appointed by President Mc-
Kinley as Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
and In that office he served until the out
break of the war with Spain, when he- or
ganized his famous regiment of Rough
Riders and took part in the Cuban cam
paign. '
Many Official Services.
for Tammany was then in full control
of the city, and moreover Hewitt was a
man of great personal strength and popu
larity. Roosevelt was beaten, but the
vigor of his campaign won the admiration
of his party and he emerged from the
struggle with an undimlnished prestige.
CARDINAL GIBBONS
IS DEEPLY GRIEVED
BALTIMORE, Sept 6.— The news of the
attempted assassination of the President
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— This' city was
stunned when the news came that Presi
dent. McKinley ' had been shot. As a rule
people on the, streets were feeling more
deeply than they had power to express.
As a consequence there was a dearth of
the demonstrations that accompanied the
receipt j of the news that President Gar
field had been shot or the wonderful out
break of wrath and deep sorrow which
was a feature of the assassination of
President Lincoln. The mass of ..the peo
ple was keenly interested and the bulletin
boards became centers of « interest for
thousands on Upper Broadway, j n Har
lem and at the newspaper offices in Park
row. The crowds which 'gathered about
these news centers were In some cases as
numerous as are the crowds on the oc
casion of national elections; but they
were not the cheering masses which the
New Yorker expects to see at such times
They were almost stoical in their inter
est. At one of the boards, when a bulletin
announcing that the physicians at the
President's bedside had held a consulta
tion and believed the sufferer would live
the news was received In dead silence • '
'Almost all of New York was at work
when the , first news of. the tragedy at
Buffalo was 'sent over the wires. -Within
an. incredibly short time the streets vere
full of newsboys crying the startttne
facts. The sale of extia editions was un
precedented.- Business was almost "sus
pended. -*. On Wall street, where the work
of the day had been done and broker and
banker, clerk and customer were leavinf
or preparing'to leave, there were 'few to
feel the shock of the intelligence. But in
spite of this, Wall street and adjoining
Sad News Stuns New York.
The county fair was about closing when
word reached the grounds, and a calam
ity in the fair buildings could not have
more completely stilled enthusiasm of the
departing crowds. The spirit of gloom
hangs over the entire city; men with tears
in their eyes stand on the streets discuss
ing the awful affair and eagerly watching
for new bulletins and fresh editions of the
papers. >-. ¦-;;>•
"Several other women attendants and
myself were in the second-story window
above the porch looking out into the
street when we heard that the President
had been shot in Buffalo. The news was
a great shock to us, coming as it .did so
suddenly. This was all we have received
up to 5:30 o'clock."
of the household in the absence of the
President, said no word whatever had been
received at the McKinley home up to 5:30
o'clock. She said: ,Y."^
_.;¦ /% ¦ ¦
tension of American markets and corre
spondingly - will no longer exclude^ the
products of otherl nations from the United
States with a high tariff wall. The
Dingley tariff period appears therewith
to bo approaching its end, particularly
since the people of the United States are
gradually reaching the conclusion that it
Is by no means advantageous for com
mercial development if a country insists
upon producing everything at home. Mr.
McKinley knows very well why the
United States has hitherto been behind in
the competition with other countries. He
also knows the means for preventing the
same conditions in the future and insists
upon applying the remedy."
The Vossische Zeltung in the speech
finds evidence that the United States \&
to adopt the commercial policy which
Germany, forwarded so successfully under
Chancellor Von Caprivl. The paper ad-
The Lokal Anzelger's Boerse report
says: "The great republic's rapidly grow
ing productive power compels the radical
protectionist McKinley to break with the
old love and turn in the direction of free
trade. Herein is a new proof of Yankee
common sense and adaptability."
speech is much commented on upon the
Bourse, where Mr. McKinley's advocacy
of a subsidy bill is interpreted as mean-
Ing competition for German lines. There
upon the .. transportation shares . weak
ened."
no personal enemies, and no one but a
madman would have committed such a
deed. If, however, he has a spark of rea
son left and it can be shown that' he Is
responsible no punishment would be too
great for him."
"You may announce, if you will," said
his Eminence, in conclusion, "that I will
After a moment's hesitation Jthe Cardi
nal resumed: "I am filled with sadness
beyond expression at receiving: this new*.
I not only honor. President McKinley as
.the head of a great nation, but I have the
privilege of regarding him as a friend
and am Indebted to him for many favors.
It is my earnest prayer that the Lord may
spare' him to fill out i the term he has
begun so well. But, whatever be the out
come of this awful crime, of course the
nation will remain unshaken upon the
firm foundation our forefathers j builded
for it. -
8
Sketches made especially for
The Call by Martinez, the
artist -whose work received
distinct mention and prize in
the Paris Salon — see next Sun-
day's Call.Cheung Jee, one of the Chinese •women
arrested recently at "Walnut Grove, Sac
ramento County, on a charge of being un
lawfully in the country, 17111 be married
at 11 o'clock this forenoon In United State3
Commissioner Heacock'a court to her pu
tative husband. Ho Hey. She will then
be released from custody. Deacon David
D. Jones, Chinese interpreter for the
United States District Attorney, will per
form the ceremony.
Chinese Will Wed in Court.
Is Ordered to Return at Once Part
of the Proceeds of Rob
bery.
David S. Linden of the bark Highland
Light presented an affidavit yesterday to
Captains Bolles and Bulger, United States
inspectors of steam vessels, reciting that
his license as a chief engineer was taken
from, him forcefully by a mob of twenty
men from the Sailors' Union. He deposes
that at 3:15 a. m. on August 29 twenty
men ln three boats boarded the High
land Light near the Union Iron Works,
seized him and his baggage and forcibly
removed him to the headquarters of the
Sailors' Union, where, after he was de
tained an hour, he was severely beaten,
robbed and thrown Into the street, j
The United States inspectors have is
sued an order to Secretary Furuseth to
return Linden's llcensa to their . office
forthwith.
Linden was not only 'despoiled of his
barrage and his license but was robbed
of $640 as well.
St. Ross's Parish Picnic.
St. Rose's Parish will hold Its annual
outing and reunion at Shell Mound Park,
Admission day, {September 9. An attrac
tive pro'gramme consisting of field sports
and dancing has been arranged ana a
pleasant time is assured to those who may
attend. ; . - , ¦¦ -.
John Sator, residing at 1312 Castro
street, had a narrow escape from drown
ing yesterday morningr. He was climbing
arxrong the rocks at Bakers Beach, when
he missed his footing and fell Into the
•water. There was a strong: ebb tide run
ning at the time and it took Sator fully
an hour to swim back to the rocks. A
member of the life-saving crew, noticing
Sator's^dan^erous predicament, lowered
him a rope and dragged him ashore. Sa
tor was able to take a car and ride homo
soon after his rescue. He was formeriy
employed by the Friedman Furnlturs
Company as a teamster, but. went out on
strike with the other men.
While Climbing Over the Rocks
at Bakers Beach.
John Sator Falls Into the Watsr
KABBOW1Y ESCAPES FHOM
DROWNING IN 'I'HH SURF
FTJB.XISBTH HEABS FROM
: THE LOCAL INSPECTOBS
Brutal assaults] and v derelict Police
Judges in to-day's Wasp. •
United States . District Judge de Haven
yesterday .; affirmed the report of United
States'. Commissioner George E. : Morse i in
the matter of the liability. of the Rio de
Janeiro in the damage suit of Sarah Guy
on, administratrix of the estate of Henry
Guyon. Commissioner. Morse.'- fixed the
value of the wreck- and freight . pending
at $24,977 93. '.", .;
Bio de Janeiro Report Confirmed.
The suit of John T. Gibson, who runs
an establishment on Market street, to re
strain the Retail Clerks' Association from
interfering with his business was dis
missed yesterday morning by Judge Sea
well upon motion of Gibson's counsel.
Dismisses Suit Against Union.
At i tho ; regular 5 weekly meeting of the
Labor Council held last night in the' Pio
neer building the announcement , was
made that Jefferson D. Pierce, grand or
ganizer . of the American Federation of
Labor, would leave this morning for the
north. Pierce has sojourned In this city
for nine months and during his stay, or
ganized many labor unions. He' has also
played a prominent part In directing | the
strikes in which the various unions In
dulged. He goes direct to Seattle. ' He
will not return to San Francisco. . 1
Pierce Leaves for tho North.
The eolar orb ¦would appear blue to any
body who should view It outside of this
planet's atmosphere.
Death, of John I*. Truslow.
John L. Truslow, freight and passenger
agent of the Santa Fe at Santa Barbara,
died Thursday night at Santa Barbara
after an illness of several days' duration.
Mr. Truslow had been in the employ of
the Santa Fe for many years and was at
cne time general Western passenger agent
of the road with his hcadcuarters In this
city. Deceased leaves a wife and three
grown children.
Vleno had_been employed as a teamster
for tho past . ten years by Englander
Brothers. He has a wlf a and • two chil
dren, who are now residing In the country.
Stephen . M. Vleno, a union teamster,
who resides at 232 Turk street, visited
the Receiving Hospital last evening and
asked to be locked up. He declared his
enemies were trying to take his life, de
claring that they had placed wires all
about his room and charged them with a
powerful electric current. He said . he
experienced a terrible shock Thursday
night and asked the doctors if they
blamed him for seeking a place of safety.
He was locked In a padded cell and
seemed overjoyed with his imprisonment.
Union Teamster Insane.
Maxket-Street Railway Censured.
A Coroner's jury .yesterday censured the
Market-street Railway Company for the
death of C. O. Erickson, who died on Sep
tember 1 from injuries received from be
ing knocked down by a Haight stre'et car.
The language of the verdict is: "And we
hereby censure the Market-street Rail
road Company for not having proper fen
ders on t"he cars. We also exonerate the
gripman'from all blame."
Wi'.'icm F. Hopkins, president of the in
vestment company bearing his name, has
filed answer to his wife's divorce com
plaint, in which he denies her allegations
cf cruelty. As to Mrs. Hopkins' allega
tion that her husband humiliated her dur
ing their sojourn at Highland Springs by
eating with rhe servants, Hopkins says
he did eat with the servants, who were
highly respectable, as he did not vrish to
knock elbows with the fashionable crowd
fit the hotel, not being a member of tho
eo-called "social set." He denies that he
told his wife walking was good when she
eske:l him for money to return to the
city, a.nd further states that at all times
he treated her v.ith due affection and con
sideration. In conclusion he asks that her
prayer for a divorce and $100 a month ali
mony be denied.
Hcpkins Answers Wife's Suit.
Cites Murphy for Contempt.
Daniel T. Murphy has been cited to ap
pear before Judge Sloss to show cause
why he should not be punished for con
tempt of court for having applied for dis
tribution to him of a legacy left by Miss
Mary Margaret Isabella Murphy to her
brother. Captain Samuel Bertram Joseph
Finnistone O'Neill Murphy. Captain Mur
phy's fcrirer wife, Mrs. Nora Helen Ger
trude Finnistone O'Xeill Murphy-Jenner,
secured an order restraining • Daniel T.
Murphy from petitioning for the distribu
tion to him, as assignee, of Captain Mur
phy's le&acy. but the restraining order
was not obeyed. Daniel T. Murphy has
hence been cited for contempt, but in all
probability the filing of a bond by Daniel
T. Murphy to cover the amount of the
alimony judgment held by Mrs. Nora
Helen Murphy-Jenner against Captain
Murphy will result In a dismissal of the
citation.
"The Methods and Arguments of the
Strike" In this week's News Letter will
be broadly read and commented upon, as
has each number in the masterly series
of editorials which the paper is now pub
lishing on the present labor situation.
Treating the strike on its lighter side,
Wallace Irwln has furnished some espe
cially clever nonsense verse on "Why the
'Clocks Struck." The Town. Crier this
week has revealed two or three interest
ing facts that the public ought to know,
and the stories of the Looker On will ap
peal to all those who enjoy a good-natured
joke. Robert McTavish has furnished an
ingenious dialect skit.' Lady Algy has
given the News Letter exclusive informa
tion on the six bridesmaids to act at the
coming Scott-Crockett nuptials, while
Mrs. Chauncey De Wit has chosen "Point
ers on Point Lace",as the subject for this
week's sermon on clothes: *
To-Day's News Letter.
In the seventh place we would direct your
attention to the fact that these men have re
fused Bteadlly to consult with any one con
cerning the present conditions of labor. The
whole city ¦ Is affected by the struggle. Rep
resentatives of various interests have tried to
get the Employers' Association to a confer
ence. They have all been repulsed. .The great
employers of the East, men/ who could buy
out all the merchants of San Francisco and
not feel the expense, are not too proud to meet
and consult with those who are trying to end
a great strike. The executive committee, of
In the sixth place we .would direct your at
tention, to the fact that the Employers' Asso
ciation.' having, set the' town, on fire, is now
beseeching to stop the conflagration. You are
business men. What would you -think of a
company of business men who,- being engaged
in a transaction ' of the fire-t Importance, never
met to Impart counsel, , to receive reports, to
devise means to meet new conditions? •• It is
a fact, and one of the saddest facts we can
conceive, that the Employers' Association, that
has taken on itself the responsibility of de
stroying the trade of San Francisco, ¦ has never
yet held a meeting. A few men. and these by
no means distinguished for ability, for fore
sight, for prudence or for honor, have begun
this war and have carried It on without- once
deigning to consult those whose agents they
are supposed to be.
In the fourth place we would direct your at
tention to the fact that the Employers' Asso
ciation is a secret society. Its members are
ashamed to let the world know that they belong
to it. Tou are merchants and you know that
when a business man engages In a transaction
of which he is ashamed such transaction must
be despicable indeed. The Employers' Associa
tion belongs to the category of those aggrega
tions of village ruffians who in out of the -way
places come at midnight with masks on their
faces and weapons in their hands to terrify,'
to mutilate, to torture helpless men and feeble
women who have Incurred their displeasure, j
In the fifth place we would direct your at
tention to the fact that the Employers' Asso
ciation was organized for the purpose of ..car
rying out a scheme the responsibility for which
none of them has the courage to shoulder.
That ncheme is the destruction of trade unions.
We do not Intend to Insult your Intelligence
by proving the necessity of trade unionism.
Suffice it to say that "the . constitution and
laws authorize it"; the spirit of the country
claims It; the - prosperity of the people,
the very life of the nation, requires it.
Whatever the other Interests 'at stake that of
the right of popular association and combina
tion outranks them all, and this must be sus
tained even if those are to be sacrificed. Trades
unions must exist. This is the verdict of our
country. Against this verdict the Employers'
Association sets Itself up. You are men of
common sense and you can judge of the en
lightenment, the wisdom, the patriotism of the
Kmployers* Association, which, like an in
fatuated calf, stands between the rails facing
ths oncoming express train and thinks to stop
the progress of civilization by the Impact of
its bullet head.
In the third place we would direct your at
tention to the fact that the draymen were
forced to break their contract with us at the
bidding of an outside third party. Without any
provocation, without any justification, the Em
ployers' Association ordered the draymen to
violate the agreement between them and us,
which had worked so well. The draymen re
fused at first because they wished to conduct
their own business without outside interference,
and because they were perfectly satisfied with
our mutual relations. The Employers' Asso
ciation thereupon threatened to boycott our em
ployers and to ruin their business, and under
the stress of this threat the draymen violated
their contract with us by ordering us to per
form work which that contract expressly for
bade. WTien we refused we were locked out.
To the Members of the Merchants' Associa
tion—Gentlemen: The board of directors of
your association has seen fit to address. a man
ifesto to you on.the condition of labor in San
Francisco. What were the precise circum
stances that moved them to that weighty act,
we do not know: but it is well understood that
you are not all satisfied with the management
of your association by its present regents and
a strong sense of opportunities neglected has
caused your board of directors to prefer this
account of Its stewardship. You -will pardon
us we hope, if we direct your attention to a
few fundamental facts which the daily devel
opments in this struggle are apt to obscure.
In the first place, we ; would direct your at
tention to the tact that the present condition
of labor' in San Francisco Is not a mere strike.
It has not been caused by the workingmen. It
is a lockout; it was caused by the employers.
Therefore if there be a disturbance of business,
if the lines of trade are falling from your
helpless hands, we are not the cause. The in
dictment cf injury to you and to our city lies
not acainst us but against vthose who without
any provocation whatsoever xrom us brought
on this struggle. ' .
In the second place we would direct your at
tention to the fact that there are three parties
in this struggle. It is not a contention between
the employers and the employed. If ¦ we had
differed with, our employers or if our" employ
ers had differed with us, then public opinion
might apportion the blame. But there was ab
t>olutely no difference between the draymen and
the teamsters. An agreement existed between
them and us satisfactory to both sides. They
were willing to stand by their covenant, we
were willing to stand by ours. We had work
and they had business. There was not even a
ehadow of a cloud to disturb our good rela
tions.
Teamsters Issue an Arraignment of
Employers' Association.
The following open., letter " has . been
issued by the Brothefhobd'of TeamstSrs:
OPEN LETTER TO MERrCHANTS.
The Board of Health tools charge yester
day of the wife and two children of Ray
mond Ones, one of the Porto 'Rican
laborers who recently came within the
injurious influence of yellow journalism
and who, after having served as an object
of crocodile sympathy, was left to shift
£s best he could, penniless and in a
Ftrange land. Ortc-s is at present an in
mate of the City and County Hospital.
His wife and children accompanied him
to that institution, but. not being in need
of medical attention, could not be ad
mitted. They were sent to the Central
Emergency Hospital. Mayor Phelan
visited them there and after hearing their
story requeFted the Board of Health to
look after them for the present. The
Mayor suggested that the woman and
children be turned over to the Examiner,
as it was by that sheet's interference that
they were Induced to stop at this piace
instead cf continuing their journey to
Honolulu, where work and a home
awaited them.
Stranded Porto Rican.
the Employers' Association of San Francisco
is too wise to need any man's counsel.
In the eighth place we would direct your at
tention to the fact that the Employers' Asso
ciation will not permit the draymen to deal
With us.
In any war, no matter how weak, no matter
how savage the antagonists may ba, a confer
ence is never denied. In this war alone we
ar* considered so utterly despicable that those
who are lighting us will not condescend to
treat with us. Again and again we have
Fought, again and again it has been denied.
We have gone as far as honor would permit
or prudence-advise to end this strike. That
It is not ended is the fault of the Employers'
Association, just as it Is the crime of that
association that it was ever fcegun. . >
These facts, gentlemen, we most respectfully
lay before you.- We do not wish to trespass
too much on your patience at one time. - At a
later day*, however, we shall.- lay before you
certain deductions from these facts and practi
cal applications . of the same which we feel
sure will be to vouri interests and prosperity.
Uespectfully yours, JOHN MCLAUGHLIN,
Secretary Brotherhood of Teamsters.
MICHAEL CASEY. Business Agent.
VIOLENCE ON THE INCREASE.
Attacks on Non-TJnion Men Growing
Common Again.
Fred Gross, a blacksmith, . who arrived
from Chicago on Thursday night, was
beaten by five strikers at Fourth and
Townsend strsets yesterday. Gross was
engaged to go to work at the RIsdon Iron
Works on Monday. After he escaped
from his asailants he went to Emergency
Hospital to have several lacerated wounds
on his head and face dressed.
John Kiener, a non-union fireman on the
steamer Santa Rosa, and his brothers,
Charles and Henry, who have been work-
Ing for the Pacific Coast Steamship. Com
pany as non-union longshoremen, -were at
tacked last evening by a number of strik
ers as they ware leaving a restaurant on
Mission street, near^Third, John and
Charles were beaten so badly about the
head that they visited the Receiving Hos
pital for treatment. The Kieners, who
came here recently, from Missouri, claim
that the strikers robbed them of a watch
and a small amount of imoriey.
James Haney, a young man from Hum
boldt County, was the next visitor to the
hospital. He alleges that union teamsters,
after holding him all day in their head
quarters as a prisoner, led him to the foot
of Fourth street last evening and beat
him over the head with revolvers. Haney
has not been working at anything since
he arrived in the city. He says he was
sitting on a lumber pile reading a paper
when he was approached by several
teamsters. They told him to go along
with .them or they would kill him. After
keeping him at their headquarters all day
they led him to the Fourth-street bridge,
telling him they were going to ship him
on the steamer North Fork. Instead of
so doing they administered a severe beat
ing to him.
J. M. Steinbraker, a recent arrival from
Sacramento, who is residing at 509 Jones
street, was attacked by a number of men,
presumably bottle beer 1 workers, at Octa-
via street and Ivy avenue and received a,
severe scalp wound and many contused
wounds. He had taken a job in John
Bapp & Sons' teer bottling ' works. His
injuries were attended to at the hospital
and a policeman was delegated to accom
pany him to his home.
Charles Whitcomb, a special policeman
employed by the Curtin agency.'received a
cruel beating last night from a number of
strikers as he was passing the Grand
Opera-house. ¦ His. pistol and club were
taken from him and then he was' kicked
about the face and head until he was
unconscious. His nose was broken and
his other features rendered unrecogniz-?
able. His injuries were attended at the'
hospital.
BUSY DAY ON WATER FRONT.
Muck Freight Is Handled and Many
¦j Vessels Clear. . . - J£ .
The owners of vessels are greatly
pleased with the amount of work now be
ing accomplished by the gangs of non
union hands employed * along" the front.
Yesterday was one of 'the busiest days,
so far as work Is concerned, on the front
since the inception of fhe strike. At all
the wharves immense quantities of freight
were handled and a number of vessels
were able to clear at the Custom-house as
a result of the activity displayed by the
men. \
The Mary E. Foster, heavily laden with
freight and carrying a deckload of horses
and mules, is ready to leave for Honolulu
as soon as a crew can be obtained. The
Santa Rosa, with a full cargo and.carry
ing a large number of passengers, will
leave for San Diego this morning. The
Tellus is ready to leave for Oyster Har
bor to-day for a cargo of coal for Duns
muir & Co. The Coronado was. ready to
sail yesterday afternoon, but was delayed
owing to the non-arrival of her crew. The
Eureka got away on time yesterday.
The American ship A. G. Ropes, in bal
last from Yokohama, got into port yes
terday, and the schooner Marlon, with
340,000 feet of lumber for the Puget Sound
Lumber Company, also got in.
Captain Leale's barge Bullion was cut
adrift from Jackson-street wharf early
Tuesday morning. The barpe drifted about
the bay and brought up on the beach at
Alcatraz, and a tug was sent over for it.
Judges Sear Strike Cases.
The preliminary examination of John
Tuite, a striking longshoreman, on the
charge of robbery was commenced before
Judge Fritz yesterday. The complaining
witness, Fred G. Wehr, one of Curtln's
special officers, testified to having been
Induced last Saturday to visit the, long
shoremen's headquarters on Berry street
and there the' defendant and others rob
bed him of his revolver, watch and money
and kicked him downstairs. V. D. Hum
phreys, another special officer, testified
that he was asked to go to the longshore
men's headquarters the same day to get
a drink., When he got there the defend
ant came at him with a revolver in his
hand and he drew his own revolver, and
backed out of the place to safety. Later
In the day Wehr told him of having been
robbed. The Judge continued the case till
next Wednesday.
Frank Wilson and "William Hill, strik
ers, who were arrested Thursday for bat
tery upon Thomas Riley, a non-union sta
bleman, ' at. Fourteenth and Mission
streets, appeared before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday. After hearing the evidence
the Judge convicted the defendants and
ordered them to appear for sentence. this
morning. -
Gus Magnesson, the striking stevedore
convicted by Judge Cabanisa of battery
The proposed -ordinance increasing the
license tax on street, cars from '$15, to $50
per annum. was considered yesterday by
the" Supervisors. -Several officials of the
various roads; including Secretary George
Willcutt, Manager E. P. Vifting, Jere
Burke and J. H. Foulds of the Market
Street Railway- Company, George E.' Starr,
secretary and treasurer of the San Ma
teo road,' were present. Supervisor Mc-
Carthy endeavored to ascertain the cost
of construction of the various lines owned
by the Market Street Railway Company.
The officials of the company stated that
they were wilting to give whatever infor
mation might be required, but explained
that it would take aWeast three months,
owing to the large number of systems. -
A discussion followed regarding the al
lowance that should be made for aban
doned properties by improved
construction. S5's:V^ rS.v'*!** • : • :
Secretary Starr of -the San Mateo road
stated the line was operated at a loss In
San lylateo County and the cash balance
was Wl expended » in betterments.
The committee framed a set of questions
to be answered by the company relating
to' the number of lineal feet of each kind
of construction and cost per mile. The
answers will be submitted to the commit
tee next Friday and it -will be then de
cided whether the City Engineer's office
will be asked to investigate the cost of
construction.
Proposed Ordinance Increasing the
License Tax on Cars.
Supervisors Still Considering tha
MARKET-STREET COMPANY
WTXL GIVE INFORMATION
Captain Seymour instructed Detective
Ryan yesterday morning to go to; St.
Luke's Hospital and ascertain- the' names
of patients theve who were "being treated
for gunshot wounds- received in connec
tion! with strike troubles. Ryan reported
that- ho found Peter Callahan v of 748 Har
rison street, a striking/ marine fireman,
who>was shot in- the cheek on August 22
at Jjackson. and «East streets by Special
Officer^Furey.'He was running away with
the 4rowd.»when shot. He said he would
leave it to" his friends whether or not. to
prosecute Furey. Thomas Morgan, a ma
rine '. fireman, who lives on Clark street,
is -another: patient. He .was shot in the
shoulder by Aleck Nambos. a marine fire
man; at Greenwich and East streets on
the tevenlng of August 29. Nambos was
arrested at the time for assault to mur
der, and his case is pending In Judge Con
lan's; court. W. T. Sullivan, a striking
teamster, who was shot In the shoulder
Thursday night during the fight at the
stables of the Excelsior Redwood Com
pany, Fourth f treet, near Channel, when
a valuable horse was shot and killed, is
in the hospital under the surveillance of
a policeman. David Lindiana, 526 Kearny
streeit, is also suffering from a gunshot
wound in the arm. He disclaimed any
connection with the strike and said he ac
cidentally shot himself in his room Aug
ust 28. . - -
Wounded Men in Hospital.
Be' perfectly assured that so long .as the
university remains what it ought to.be, the
school of. the people, it will have *the support
of the people. When It becomes an Instrument
in the hands of -the rich to grind the faces of
the poor, something is going to happen. .What,
in your opinion, would be the result if the rev
enues of the university were to undergo a pro
cess ; of crystallization? . . • .. "
The San Francisco Labor Council ap
proved at its meeting last night a second
open letter to President .Benjamin Ide
Wheeler of the University of California
in answer to his reply.to the first open let
ter, in which,- objection wa3 made to stud
ents working as-stqvedores on.the Oakland
water~frqnt. The Labor Council, in this
second open letter, holds" that President
Wheeler's reply was: not 'to the point and
it asks for plain answers »to its' questions.
The; letter closes as follows:
Reply to President Wheeler.
After you have cleared the streets and kept
them clear you will make a report to me of
such saloons ns are used as headquarters for
the strikers. You have eight-hour watches, and
if you cannot obey the orders that are given
to you, which you are bound to do by your
oath of office, then it will be more manly for
jou to get out of tho -service altogether.-. ; v
I have seen officers standing on tho corners
in the midst of a crowd of strikers talking very
familiarly to them,- and 1 cannot understand
how an officer in the proper discharge of his
duties can do this, alter establishing a friend
ship with the violators of the law.
This must ¦ not be permitted,- and whenever
any number * congregato in that way on the
public thoroughfare they must be dispersed.
Complaints have been made to me, and I have
verlned , them by . personal ; observation, that
large -crowds' of strikers are permitted to con
gregate on the streets south of Market, partic
ularly on-Xhlrd.and Fourth streets and in front
oi t-aloons" •which at times they make their
headquarters., - " l
Chief, of Police.; Sullivan disclaims the
alleged instructions given by him to the
police officers as published in the Exam
iner yesterday. In order to correct the
false impressions created by that publica
tion he nas given out the instructions he
delivered as follows:
DISCLAIMS ALLEGED SPEECH.
i Ex-Assistant District Altorney Hosmer
and P. F. Dunne, I who represent Witt
man, served Judge Cabaniss with the
temporary restraining order late In the
afternoon. ¦ . . *
Wittman • further asks the court to r«
strain Judge Cabaniss absolutely from
proceeding further^ in the matter of the
battery charge against- him. Upon the
filing of Wittman's petition a temporary
restraining order was issued. Judge Sea
well will hear the case on the 10th inst.. ¦
Captain of Police George W. Wittman
has petitioned the Superior Court for a
writ of prohibition to restrain' Police
Judge George H. Cabaniss from proceed
ing with the trial of the petitioner on the
charge of battery preferred against, him
by James Masse. Wittman, whose -trial
is- set for the 13th inst., takes exception
to the jury now being summoned for the
trial by Sheriff Lackmann. He contends
that Judge Cabaniss has no jurisdiction
to order the Sheriff to summon a Jury
and that such a jury would be illegal.
Secretary Lorenzo's course is not meet
ing with the approval of the members of
the Conciliation Committee, from whicn
he gets his authority. Joseph Rothschild,
chairman of the "committee, said, yester
day:
-The actions of Lorenzo in the past few
days have greatly offended the members
cf the committee. He drew up a basis of
settlement between the teamsters and
draymen without consulting the commit
tee and presented it to the parties at in
terest without the slightest authority.
The committee decided to put a period to
his cenduct, and his connection with the
ccn:mlttee is likely to be quite short
lived. . We do not desire the public to un
derstand that there was friction in our
committee and consequently made no pro
test against Lorenzo's conduct. But the
matter has reached that stage when
suirrrary action on the part of the com
mUtee was imperative. Any negotiations
for peace between the employers and
strikers which are now under way, and
in this committee is interested, will
be concluded by the committee as a body
and not by Mr. Lorenzo."
Mi. Rothschild stated further that sev
eral important matters bearing upon the
strike are under consideration and that
the prospects for an early settlement of
the dispute grow brighter every day.
Meanwhile Messrs. Michael and Renner
for the employers and Messrs. Casey and
Furuseth for the strikers assert that the
situation has not changed and no ground
exists for hope of early settlement.
The executive committee of the Dray
men's Association held two meetings, at
which terms of peace alleged to have been
proposed by the committee of one hun
dred of the Municipal Federation of Im
provement Clubs were considered, and an
other meeting for the same purpose will
be held at 11 o'clock this morning. The
terms involve the unconditional return of
the strikers to work, but a recognition of
the Brotherhood of Teamsters in matters
affecting hours and wages is conceded by
the employers. Messrs. Lorenzo and
Greensfelder are hopeful that the Dray
men's Association will approve the terms,
in which case the proposal will" be sub
mitted to the Brotherhood of Teamsters.
The union's approval of the terms is re
garded as a foregone conclusion.
LITTLE of Importance developed
yesterday In tho strike situation,
although rumors remained cur
rent that the prospects of settle
ment were brightening. The Su
pervisors' Conciliation Committee secured
no conference with an Employers' Asso
ciation committee, and the draymen and
teamsters are apparently no nearer agree
ment.
SSEKS TO BEST/RAIN JUDGE.
upon -Fritz Hock, a non-union man, ap
peared for sentence yesterday. The Judge,
in view of the fact that -the complaining
witness desired that a light' punishment
should be imposed. on the defendant," sen
tenced him to pay a fine of {10, with the
alternative of .five days in jail.
To-night strings of varl-colored Japan
ese, lanterns were being strung through
the business streets. These will give the
city a bright appearance. Electric lights
are being placed - in St. James Park,
where there will be a concert from 8 to
12 o'clock 1 to-morrow night.
Tho decoration of the city is about com
pleted. Flags are flying everywhere,,
Bear, and American flags, with 'streamers
of red, white and blue banners, "are
strung across all the .business streets.
Merchants are decorating their places of
business. 'All colors of bunting festoon
their fronts,, dotted here and there with
flags. :. In the windows and stores many
tempting displays are set off with colored
crepe paper. .-.-. ¦
•All the parlors that'have signified .their
Intention' of coming will be notified that
the celebration will be held and that they
will be expected to attend." The advance
guards of several parlors came in to-day
to make arrangements for opening head-
Quarters and ; have all in readiness' when
their parlors arrive to-morrow night . < ;.
• The sub-committees -were -Instructed^ to
continue In their work' and.- complete, all
arrangements. Of course, should Presi
dent McKInley's. death occur the celebra
tion will be called off. " '¦¦-
SAN, JOSE, Sept. 6.— The. attempted as
sassination of President McKinley put a
temporary damper on the enthusiasm
over the Native Sons' celebration this aft
ernoon 1 and for a . time ¦ it was feared It
would have,, to be '.abandoned. . This even
ing the general committee of the celebra
tion held a meeting to consider the ques^
tibri. 'The ' committees in San Francisco,
Oakland,' Alameda, Santa Cruz and.else
where were communicated ¦with and the
general expression was that President
McKInley's condition was so favorable
that It did. not. warrant any change In the
Admission day plans. This was the opin
ion of the local committee also.
... .. ...
Special .Dispatch to The Call.
Recalling Persinger's warning, the offi
cers set out in pursuit of Fleming. He
was captured near Missoula. On the trial
the circumstantial evidence showed thai
Fleming had concealed himself in another
room of the Dotson house and, through a
hole in the partition, had fired the fiial
shot.
Early in January of this year Fleming
was released from prison. On February
15 he was foen at Washington Gulch. On
February 20 the dead body of Captain
poteen was found in his cabjn witli a
bullet wound in his head.
The crime for which Fleming suffered
the death penalty is one of the most re
markable In the history cf criminology,
involving a most revolting and diabolical
conspiracy. On August 8, 1S!>9. Eugene
Cullinane. an aged resident of Washing
ton Oulch. a remote settlement In Powell
county, was found murdered. For this
crime Clinton Dotson, Charles Oliver Ben
son and Ellis Persinger were tried aud
convicted. Dorson was sentenced to life
imprisonment and Benson, who made a
partial confession, and Persinger were
sentenced to ten years.
Last January Persinger Informed War
den Conley of the State prison that Dot
son and a. convict passing under tho
assumed name of James McArthur, but
whose real name was James Fleming, had
conspired to bring about the death of
Captain Oliver Dotson. Clinton Dotson's
father, an old man living in Washington
Guich also. The plot was that Fleming,
whose term was soon to expire, was to go
to Washington Gulch, kill Captain Dot
son, leave a forged confession and will
and arrange the surroundings in such a
way as to lead to the theory of suicide.
So wild vas this plot that the prison
oflicials paid no attention to it.
McArthur kept his nerve to the last anrt
walked to the sallows"Vithout a sign of
weakness. After taking his place on the
;>Iatform he was given permission to make
a statement. Facing <ne spectators, he
launched Into a torrent of abuse of the
men who had been instrumental in send
:ng him to his death and declared again
and again that he was an Innocent man.
He rambled 'on for several minutes an<l
finally the Sheriff, seeing there was no
chance to stop him. gave the signal for
the trap to be sprung. The drop fell at
10:16, and McArthur was pronounced dead
seven minutes later.
DEER LODGE. Mont., Sept. 6.-James
; .lcArthur, alias James Fleming. w:«
Hanged here this morning: for the murder
o. Captain Oliver Dotson last February.
The execution vras witnessed by nearly
every Sheriff in the State and a large
jv.:mber of invited guests.
Torrent of Abuse Curtailed
by Springing of the
Trap.
Proceeding on the Belie^
That President McKinley -
i / . < .Will Recover.
ment Clubs, and a third meeting will be held this morning. The terms involve the return to work of the
• teamsters under former conditions and the recognition of the union i a matters pertaining to wages and
hours only. The mediators are hopeful of favorable action by the draymen, and if that is secured the
terms will be submitted to the teamsters for their approval. ¦ .
No other event occurred that points to an early settlement of the strike, and the leaders of each
side say that the persistent rumors of agreement are as unfounded as they were. Thursday. . . .
Violence was again on the upgrade, but the number of attacks on non-union men did not approach
the number reported on the later days of last wesk.
terday terms of peace proposed by the conciliation committee of the Municipal Federation of Improve-
The executive committee of the Draymen's Association had under consideration at two meetings yes-
Montana Man Denounces
Prosecutors' From
Scaffold.
Garden City Goes Ahead
With Admission Day
Preparations.
Rumors of Approaching Settlement of Labor Controversy Are Per
sistent, but Strike Leaders and Employers -Insist They Are- Un
founded — The Teamsters Address Open Letter to Merchants
HANGMAN'S ROPE
ENDS HIS TALK
NATIVES' PLANS
ARE UNCHANGED
DRAYMEN CONSIDERING TERMS
PROPOSED BY TH E MEDI ATORS
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL,/ SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, ;J9py
9
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
\ (Zfe 1051 1UBS3T ST. tat. C:i47th, S.F.Cil. ,
Cj The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
I iJt'ii.' World. , Weaknesses or any contracted ,
033599 *sease F©!»i«lv«-lr enred by the oldest '
I flag SSI Specialist on the Coast Em. 36 years. (
1 tffif I DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
ff viiw 8 Consultation free and strictly prlrate.
1 B TraR Treatment personally or by letter. A 1
S W sa H J'otic-ive Curt in every case undertaken. '
¦MI II ft ' W"te for Book. rHlLOtOPIIY of ,
* tf lli.HAnniACE, MAILED FREE. fA 1
ft ft, valuable book for mm)
OB. JOBDaN A CO., 1031 Market St.. S. F. I
l*ULUa$3_E2g£l lEADJfiG THEATHE
M ATINEE_TO-DA Y
TO-NIGHT AND FOR SECOND AND LAST
"WEEK BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
Charles Frohmaa Presents
ANNIE RUSSELL
In K. Marshall's Comedy of Romance.
A ROYAL FAMILY
The Greatest Success of the Season.
Seats tot all remaining: performances on sals.
September 16— Thomas Q. Seabrooke In "A
MODERN CRUSOE."
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OB*
"ROSEDALE."
Week Starting Admission Day Slat. (Monday),
Matlnses 2 o'clock sharo. Evenings 3 o'clock
sharp.
JOSEPH HAW0RTH
In Stanislaus Stance's Dramatization of
Produced on a Scale of Great Maralflcence.
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 15c, 25c, 60c, 73o
Good Orchestra Seats All Matineea. 250.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
THIS EVENING.
LAST SATURDAY— MATINEE TO-DAT.
MR. JAitl&S AND THE
A/BT// / NEILL
£ V SeaJ M Mm^MmaU COMPANY.
PRESENTING -
AN IDEAL HUSBAND.
' STARTING TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Good-By Week of Mr. James NelU and Co.
Sunday and Monday Evenings 1 BARBAiU -
Monday Matinee— 25c and 60c J FRIETCHIH
Tuesday Evening: THE JILT
Wednesday EV*..A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
Thursday Matinee I THE JILT
Thursday Evening A. ROYAL BOX
Friday (farewell)... THE LOTTERY OF LOVE
SEATS NOW READY.
COMING "A TEXAS STEER.-
BASEBALL,
OAKLAND ts. SACRAMENTO
TO-DAY AT 3:15 P. M. i
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M. .
. MONDAY AT 2:3O P. M.
RECREATION f*ARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOV/Xirili O Admission 10c.
The Paloma Quartet, the Coopers, Jun*
Mathlas, Sam Holdsworth. W. W. Durant.
Amos Davis. Ma7belle de Heard. Coleman and
Mexis and Hinrlchs* Orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY from 7 a. m. to 11 p. in.
Bathing: from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5a
Bathing, including admission. 3Sc; children. iOc.
PALACE
. ___ These hotels posses*
ANT) the attributes that tour-
ists and travelers ap-
CPANIi predate— central loca-"
UKA«IJ Uon. liberal manase-
HATPTC ment. modern appoint-
fiUlIlliJ, menu and perfect cut-
sine. ¦
Cnn American and Euro-
pean plan*.
Francisco. . '
Hunters Point
Drydock.
MENWANTED.
AI<Ii CALIFORNIA STORIES.
Gfeat Admission Day fea-
tures in the special magazine
edition of The Call, out next
Sunday--"The Irish Pioneers,"
"The First Mail Train," "The
First Express," "The Native
, Daughters," "Landmarks of
San Francisco," "Our Streets
and Their Names," "Califor-
nia's Girl Stage-Driver," "The
Bull's Head," a tale of ., early
days illustrated by Martinez.
AIX CALIFORNIA STORIES.
«m CHICHCSTER'S ENGLISH ¦
Pennyroyal fills
P-r/*fc\JS8AFE. AJw.t. reliable. Ladtei . uk Drarfint
y^Uraftv f or CHICHJESTER'S ENGLISH
B^^* C *«eW ! i ln UED an<1 Ool(l metallic bores. m»1«4
XV ZMsS! 12 th Mm *•»*<»• Take no other. Kcfora
' I / •#*.»' to *•«••• i B»y of y«ar DngglK. or ¦•ad -»o. Im
V V . , K? - •¦* " JttelUr for LadlM," in Utter, 6/ re.
-A ; >• ff -'„ turn Mail. 1 0,000 TwtfmonUli. Sold bj
„ > — J. *" Drugjljw. - ' Chlehectw Chemical Co,
Mention toil p»j*r. . liaiUaw. fi aM re, I'tHLJU Jk\2
Have you been to the State Fair? The
Southern Pacific sells up to and including
the 14th, round trip tickets to Sacramento
for $3.75. for the State Fair. Great ex-
hibit and fine . races. Seven trains dally.
Further information 613 Market street and
ferry depot. -\ .vo - - «¦
"When I first tried Postum I was not
eatisfied with It, but decided that the
fault must be my own, for so many peo-
F'.eple used Postum and liked It that I
knew there was some trouble in my prep-
aration of it, so Iexamlned the directions
carefully and lound that I should boll It
long enough to bring out the flavor and
the food value. When 1 prepared it right
It was elegant, and I am more than
pleaded with the delicious beverage I have
for breakfast every morning." — Mrs. • E.
M. Pope, lli>S Twenty-third street, Detroit,
Mich. ¦ '¦ ;;¦•;,. . r-r".
"Since I left off drinking coffee and use
Pcstum Food Coffee the effect has been
wonderful. I *eel like a different person.
The bloating has all gone. I am very
ir.uch thinner and more natural In shape,
have a better appetite and do not feel
sleepy and drowsy as before. I shall nev-
er use any more regular coffee.
"I have used coSee many years; ln fact,
ever since I was a child, until a few
months agro I became satisfied that It hurt
me — caused the miserable drowsy feeling
and the bloated condition of my body. I
was very fleshy all the time— unnaturally
fieshy.
Using: Postum Food Coffee.
Bednced by Leaving Off Coffee and
UNNATURAL FLESH
FOSTUH CEKEAIi.
CAUSE OF FALLING HAIR.
Kill the Germ.
Dandruff, Which Is a Germ Disease.
Falling hair is caused by dandruff, which
Is a germ disease. The germ in burrow-
ing in to the root of the hair, where It de-
stroys the vitality of the hair, causing- the
hair to fall out, .digs up the cuticle In lit-
tle' scales, called dandruff or scurf. Tou
can't stop the falling hair without curing
the dandruff, arid you can't cure'the dan-
druff without killing the dandruff germ.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." Newbro's Herplcide is " the only,
hair preparation that kills the dandruff
g'erm. Herplcide is also a delightful hair
dressing.
AJDVEaxisEKrEirra.
AMTTST-ramrrs.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), Sept 7.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony. 10c; children,
10c. any part except reserved.
YAUDEVILL'ES BRIGHTEST PHASES !
LIBBY. TRAYER AND GILBERT. TIIE FIVE
SUNBEAMS. THE LA VALLEE TRIO.
MLLE LOTTY. TALKATIVE MISS NOR-
'TON THE GREAT POWELL AND HIS
COMPANY AND THE BIOGRAPH. LAST
TIMES OF LUCILLE SAUNDERS AND
THE CRAGG FAMILY.
Special Matinee Monday— Admission Day,
tl i \& BJl iL- 1
EVENINGS AT 8 SHABP.
TO-NIGHT,
Great Opci»a ItHJKITIA
Matinee To-day and Sunday Night,
MI G N ONjSSFvftg'
"CABMEN"— Next ; Week— "FAUST"
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 60c and 75c
• Telephone Bustv 9.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY).
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In a I superb production of
WITH ALL' NEW SCENERY.
PRICES— 15c, 25c, -35c. 60c and 76c.
NEXT WEEK— FLORENCE ROBERTS,
"THE TAMING OF THE SHREW."
Extra Matinee Monday— ADMISSION DAYl
BE&SCOA"°THJUJ:Sjfefflg.
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-MOBB.OW (Sun.).
SPECIAL SOUVENIR MATINEE NEXT
. 'MONDAY' (Admission Day)..
TO-NIGHT, Sunday Evening and Every Even-
ing Next Week, ¦ .
TRANSCENDENT TRIUMPH of Edward' Eis-
ner's Spectacular Biblical . Drama, '
A VOICE FROM
THE JWILDERNESS. -
Engagement of the Eminent American Actor,
ROBERT DOWNING.
200 People on the Stage— A Great Cast.
PDii'l<\. Evenings 10c 15c, 23c, 33c, 50o
I ttlvEJ Matinees.: 10c, 15c. 25c
CHUTES^, ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL!
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT !
GRAND PRIZEXAKBWALK
Monday,
Big Admission; Day
,Celebration l,_
Fireworks at Night !
• Telephone for Seats— Park 23,
- ¦ ** l. -
COPYRIGHT ItfO If THB PROCTCft 4 OAMlLt CO. CINCINNATI
A LITTLE BIG WASTE.
"'fJI^^ISTINGUISH between economy and wisdom.
-f Sitting at home to save shoe-leather is econo-
llliiP m^' k"* ft * s scarcely wisdom. In the same
vUffiff*^ J way, doing without Ivory Soap is economy
but it isn't wise; your risks -are greater than all
possible saving. . Every cheap soap contains free
alkali. Now, free ajkali will eat its way through
the new oil cloth on the kitchen ' floor. Imagine,
then, what it will do in a single Monday's wash-
ing! Is such economy wise?THIS CREATURE HAS A GIRAFFE-LIKE STRUCTURE, "WITH STRIPES RESEMBLING THE ZEBRA'S ON FRONT
LEGS AND HIND QUARTERS. THE DISTANCE FROM THE TOP OF HIS HEAD TO THE GROUND IS SIX
FEET, j
ilt il i estimated • that the -men of' Great
Britain spend £250,000 a year on silk hats.
If Kitchener cannot find >Dewet in any- other way
he had better advertise for the lost one. ; There must"
be some: way. of finding him. .. .
Shamrock.II is known to be green and she is said
to be good, but it -isn't every kind of green goods
that can get away with the people of the United
; State*. :." ..',,. : .,'.
The America won her famous cup in 1851, and con
sequently it has now been • in our hands just fifty
years.-; Sir Thomas Lipton 1 believes he.can lift it this
year, but should he do so it is safe to. say 'the British
will find it so heavy they cannot hold it so long as we
have done. ; v
Since Professor Triggs says Longfellow did not
write genuine literature, but that "Mr. Dooley" does,
it will hardly be necessary to inform the world that
the critical gentleman is a professor of literature at
the University of Chicago.'
An Independent and high spirited Penn
sylvania town' lets it; be known that, if
Carnegie expects It to accept from him a
$40,000 j library: he , must .provide a * fund
for Its | maintenance. ; The town
to do it; - too' frugal to spend j money on
fancy I business r of that - kind, 'and able ,to
find what /books It needs In the running
brooks , of the region, which- cost nothing
and are apparently quite equal to Its
rather . thin . and • - watery •' intellectual •'. re
quirements.— New York , Tribune. ;
Refuses Carnegie Gift. ; •
Russia has obtained a firm standing on the shores
of the Persian Gulf, and it is now announced that the
Germans have established a coaling station in the
Farsan Islands in the Red Sea, so Great Britain's
route to India is by no means so completely in her
possession as it was a short time ago.
In receiving the Sheriff of London the other day
the spokesman of the New York Board of Aldermen
extended what he called "the freedom of the best
governed city in the world"; so it seems the habit
of greeting strangers with gold bricks has become so
settled in New York that they use it even in official
addresses.
Warming up to his theme Mr. Moore went on to
say: "I am going to find* a primitive people, in place
of a sophisticated— I may say a' decadent — people. I
am going in search of air that I can breathe without
choking. The first concern of every man is the moral
atmosphere in which he lives. Some people 'are T quite
at their ease in an atmosphere of cruelty, lust of gold
and all the gratifications of the senses. Others de-
Mr. Moore is a master of the art of phrase making,
being in that respect fully equal to Oscar Wilde and
not unworthy of comparison with Sheridan himself.
He has exhibited that faculty in announcing his de
termination to leave London. To an interviewer he
said: "I must escape from the 'Brixton' empire,"
and when the interviewer balked at the word Mr.
Moore added:- "This empire of vulgarity, and greed,
and materialism, and hypocrisy, that is crawling
round the whole world, throttling other races and
nationalities — all for their own good, of course!— and
reducing everything to one machine-made Brixton
pattern." _- :-,-v6--:. ' -• - : '¦-• •'— • '¦£-.£-•
MR. GEORGE MOORE, the Irish novelist,
who Has achieved considerable success in
several' of his .works, has recently announced
an intention to leave London and to abandon any
further effort at depicting London or English life.
He will hereafter reside mainly in Ireland and will
write of the Irish people. As Mr. Moore is not a
genius of first or even second class, nor an author
of any great popularity, this decision 'will not mean
much to the" world of letters, but it is significant of
the growing feeling on the part of the Irish for a
distinctive literature as well as a separate Parliament.
* ; Inspired by . that resolution Mr. Moore ' may yet
achieve greater things than his critics have deemed
possible for him. The Brixton empire loses nothing
that it values by his departure, but he may^ gain much.
InUhe meantime the world has to thank him for a
good phrase added to the talk of the day.
sire an atmosphere in which tenderness,, and pity for
humanity, and the cultivation, of ideas, count for
more than so-called material advantages." '
' Of the irate author's coming and of his going the
busy world of London will take no more note than
would "the sea's self, a pebble cast," but all the same
Mr. Moore, has fixed a descriptive phrase upon the
empire that wilkbe approved by a good many people.
It is a Brixton empire fighting for greed and gain
and not for glory or for law in South Africa, and' it
is that fact which has impressed the; novelist and
rendered him discontented with 'any" further life in
London. As he himself said: "It is only of late, when
I have 'seen. how insatiate imperialism is degrading
the English race, that I have recognized how all art,
all morality, all spiritual life is rooted in nationality.'
I am going so far as in me lies to help Ireland to
recover; her. own language and save her. soul."
A "BRIXTON" EMPIRE.
The Pacific remarked a few weeks ago
that it seemed good, to see Governor Gajre
in with the bishops at the opening of the
Epworth League Convention, and that it
would in all probability be a good thing
for the State If he could tabernacle in so
excellent company. Governor Gagewns
up on the mountain top of high thought
that day and said some good things in way
of welcome to the assembled Leaguers.
But, alas! how- much easier it is to preach
than. to practice, to counsel other people
to, right action and noble endeavor
than to ; tent. oneself on the field of such
action,, ready always to battle for , that
¦which Is in the best interests of humanity.
Governor Gage had not been long separ
ated from that exalted position taken by
him when he . addressed - the Epworth
League before he lowered his standard
considerably. When, a few days ago, lie
.removed from the office of superintendo.it
of the Home for Feeble-minded Children
a man who for fifteen years has filled that
position In a highly, satisfactory manner,
to make room for a protege of his and a
chronic office-seeker, he .failed by a lonsf
distance to measure up to the Impression
made by his words that day when he sat
with the .venerable "bishops, and he fell
far, short also of what the, people of Cali-.
fornia, have , reason; to expect in this day
from a man who occupies the'guberna
torial chair. On all sides the members of
his own party are condemning him for tho
removal of Dr. Osborne i and the appoint-^
ing. of Dr. Lawlor. Leading party; papers
declare it to be a crime against the most
helpless and innocent of mankind. Unless
the Governor, can give for j his action some
reason | not now - known : to the public/ he
will nnd; himself, shorn: of the respect of
a very large number of the people whom
he was elected to serve. -;
The Pacific.
Jekyll and Hyde Gage.
Of course no one expects a victory for the Repub
licans in Virginia, but it is believed they will reduce
the Democratic majorities, elect a number of their
candidates and infuse a new and better life into Vir
ginia politics. It is said a large number of young Vir
ginians have become allied with Republicanism in the
contest and will help vigorously in making the fight
sgainst the old leaders. At any rate, it is not going
to be a walkover for ( the Democrats, and that is
something of a benefit to a State where for so many
j'ears Democracy has been undisturbed by any strong
movement for improvement and progress.
Another source of cheer is the evidence of divisions
of sentiment among the Democratic members of the
constitutional convention and the growing popular
distrust of that body. Some of the leaders of the con
vention have been so alarmed by the drift of popular
sentiment they have seriously proposed that the con
vention declare the new constitution to be the su
preme law of Virginia without submitting it to the
popular vote 'for ratification. It is believed that if
the constitution be submitted the voters will divide
upon the issue and that a good many of those who
vote against it will also vote against the party that
framed it, while on the other hand, if it be not sub
mitted, many citizens will vote for Republican can
didates to show their condemnation of that method
of forcing a constitution upon the people.
The chief cause of revived Republican activity in
Virginia is doubtless the satisfaction of the masses of
the people with the Republican administration of na
tional affairs and their discontent with Democratic
administration in the State. Prosperity has inclined
many an intelligent Virginian to support the party
of prosperit3% while a deep disgust with Bryanism
has strengthened the inclination. Moreover, there
has been a bitter fight among the Democratic fac
tions of the State, and it is said the Republican ora
tors during the campaign will need no stronger argu
ments against the State Democratic machine than has
been furnished by Democrats themselves.
WITH hopes born' of a variety of reasons the
Republicans of Virginia have entered this
year upon an active campaign. Their can
didate- iox Governor, Colonel Hoge, is said to be a
"strong man and a good debater. The fashion of
joint debates has always been popular in the South,
and the Republicans are trying to arrange for such
campaigning in this instance, feeling confident that
their opponents cannot successfully meet the argu
ments that Republican speakers are prepared to pre
sent to the people.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr
Sieg^rt'i Genulc* Imported Angostura Bitters.*
Remove the causes that make your hair life
less and sray with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. Jhe best cure for corns. 15 ct«.
In a recent talk at St. Charles Seminary
in Philadelphia Cardinal Martlnelli ex
plained why, although an Italian, he
speaks English with an Irish accent. The
language had been taught him, he said,
by a County Galway monk In Rome.
.Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
ccmery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Selling out. Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to
40c. 81 4th st'., front of barber and grocery.*
Cal. glace fruit GOe n«»r lb at Townsend'*.*
Chofre candles. T—*— ««i,r«. palace Hotel»
Patlente^ — It was held recently In a Lon
don police court that no one has any right
to force hl3 way into a railway carriage
already full.
Patrice — Perfectly right; a man has no
business In any public conveyance when
he is in that condition.— Yonkers States
man.
"Ain't you most afraid to have John
go to war?" You know these far-shootln'
guns will hit a man a mile an* a half
away every time."
"There ain't no bullet that'll catch John
if he gets a mile an* a half start—Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
Wheeler — I took that short (?) trip you
recommended. It was fully thirty miles.
Sprockett— Well?
Wheeler— Well, you said It was only, fif
teen as the crow files.
Sprockett— Ah! Maybe the crows were
full of corn the day you went—Philadel
phia Press.
COLONIAL WARS— Subscriber. City.
The secretary of the Society of Colonial
Wars is Walter L. Suydam, 45 William
street. New York City, N. T. The So
ciety of Colonial Wars was Instituted in
1SS2 to "perpetuate the memory of these
events and of the men who in military,
naval and civil positions of high trust
and responsibility, by their acts or coun
sel, assisted In the. establishment, defense
arid preservation of the American colo
nies, and were in truth the founders of
this nation. With this end in view it seeks
to. collect and preserve manuscripts,' rolls
and records;. to provide suitable commem
orations or. memorials relating to the
American colonial period,- and to inspire
in -its members the paternal and patriotic
spirit of their forefathers, and In the com
munity respect and reverence for those
whose public services made our freedom
and unity possible." Eligibility is con
fined to an adult male descendant of an
ancestor who fought in battle under colo
nial authority, from the settlement of
Jamestown, Va.. in 1607. to the battle of
Lexington, in 1775, or who served as Gov
ernor, Deputy Governor, Lieutenant Gov
ernor, member of the Council or as a mil
itary, naval or marine officer In the ser
vice of the colonies, or under the banner
of Great Britain, or was consnicuous in
military, official or legislative life during
that pericd. The New York society was
the original society.
FRATERNAL ORGANIZATIONS — F.
A. S.,- Palo Alto. Cal. To ascertain the
number of members in each fraternal or
ganization in the -State of California you
will have to write to the chief office of
each organization. • • »
RAZZLE-DAZZLE— A. C. R.. Jlarys
ville, Cal. In shaking dice razzle-dazzle
the only rule to avoid disputes is that at
the beginning of the game the players
should determine whether aces or sixes
shall be high.
THE VIRGINIA CAMPAIGN.
United States Circuit Judge/ Ersklne M.
Ross passed through this city' last night
on his way to Seattle to attend the session
of the United, States Circuit Court of Ap
peals in that city. •
C. J. Berry, the Klondike millionaire, is
at the Grand, where he registered yester
day from Selma/ Mrs. Berry accompa
nies her husband. •
Raleigh Barcar, a- well-known attorney,
and newspaper man • of Vacaville, is
among yesterday's arrivals at the Lick,
E. O. "Webber has co-ie down from his
home In Santa Rosa and is at the Lick
for a few days.
F. P. Flint, a prominent attorney and
politician of Los Angeles, is registered at
the Grand.
George L. Andrews, a prominent mer
chant of Pasadena, Is a guest at the
cidental. y \
. G. A. McElfresh of Los Angeles Is a
guest at the Grand, where he arrived yes
terday.
Cv L. Dearlnjr, a well-known mining
man. of Da.wson, is a guest at the Grand.
C. W. Tyrer of the Cherry Hill mine is
one of the recent arrivals at the Palace.
Isaac Bird, a Merced merchant, is
among the recent arrivals at the Lick.
A. P. Fraser of Stockton is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. Schultz is registered at the Palace
from Samoa.
Dr. A. Kahn has come down from Napa
and is at the Lick.
C. H. Griffin, the Los Angeles mining
man, Is 'at the Grand.
E. Levy, a business man of Tahiti, !s
a guest at the Occidental.
Edgar Rickard, a mining man of Den
ver, Colo., is at the California.' j
H. ¦ C. Leake of New Orleans is at the
Palace with his i wife and family. *' ,
* A. M. McDonald, a wealthy mining man
of Jamestown, is a guest at the Lipk.
John Hudner, District Attorney 'of San
Benlto County,' is a guest at the Lick.
Professor R. E. Alladlce hag come up
from Stanford and is at the California. .
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE finding of the strange giraffe-like animal 5n the
d-warf inhabited forests of Central Africa is on.-» of the
most astonishing discoveries of modem times, says the
London Sphere. New varieties of well-known animals are
. from time to time brought home by travelers, but the
discovery of a hitherto unknown animal, forming a new genus
or family, is a rare occurrence and naturally has created a
great amount of Interest in the zoological world. Though utter
ly unknown as a living animal until flurlng the past few years,
the existence of such a beast was hinted at by some fossil
bones dug from the mlocene deposits of ancient Greece, In which
they had lain hidden for thousands of years. This prehistoric
giraffe-like animal was larger than the giraffe, but his shorter
neck and legs agree with those of the newly discovered ani
mal in a way which adds further romance to the discovery.
Nor will his detractors and enemies who have led to this attempt to undo him be for
gotten by our people, who will not be deceived by sniveling hypocrisy and - pretended
solicitude about a crime that they have suggested. It is a time for sorrow and resent
ment.
So the pure and primitive idea that our Government would never be the scene ,tjf
such crimes must be abandoned. It was" entertained before such, creatures were spawned
as those who make a newspaper the inspiration of crime and promoter of assassination.
Upon this city still lies the genial spell of the President's presence. The school chil
dren cherish his counsel toward wisdom and happiness and all men feel more wholesome
as their lives can show the influence of his example. In no other part of the republic
will more prayers go up for his survival of the sliots that smote him. Not elsewhere
will deeper indignatiorTbe felt toward his assassin and the dastards whose miscreant
journalism nerved his hand. San Francisco sits in thought by the sufferer's pillow,
soothes his pain and offers an oblation from pity's sweet fountain that is balm' intended
for his wounds; •' . •.
But one heart was black with murder and had become a plexus to. absorb all the
poison emitted against the President by enemies whqjnave pursued him beyond-all lim
its heretofore permitted in American politics. The widespread labor strikes have gen
erated an atmosphere of lawlessness in which such papers as the Examiner, and "especial
ly the Examiner, have enlarged the elements that lead to murder. That paper by coarse
cartoons has persistently pictured the President as the promoter of whatever could be
represented as inimical to the public welfare. Sordid discontent in a time of general pros
perity has been encouraged to raise its hand against the law, and a wave of disorder has
swept from ocean to ocean like the pulse of the tides. President McKinley could not be a
candidate for another term. His first was a time of test and trial, of novel responsibilities
and crushing anxieties which he bore with philosophy. After his second and last term
began there was no possible partisan reason justified by good sense or fair play for con
tinuing vulgar and slanderous attacks upon him. But the Hearst papers ha,ve not, ceased
to attack him in precisely such a way as to incite their pupil and ally to the murder which
he has attempted. Those papers are morally accessories before the fact* to the crime
that has appalled the world. Their daily attitude of brutal falsehood and disrespect
has been all the license required by the anarchist murderer who finds his justification in
the lying that they indulge about economic conditions and the responsibility for them.
When the people make their knowledge of him the subject of reflection and consider
the scene in the midst of which the assassin attacked him, they may well mourn. Around
him were the evidences of the high progress and prosperity of the Western hemisphere,
and upon it all the glow and sheen of popular contentment and happiness. His coun
try, the leader in that stately procession of nations that stretches from Hudson Bay to
Cape Horn, holds her place not by the sword but by the implements and arts of peace
which he had labored always to make more effective in the hands of the people. There
was everything to inspire happiness, good will and friendship toward him, and to put
thankfulness into every heart.
"Expositions are the timekeepers of progress. They record, the world's advance
ment. They stimulate the energy, enterprise and intellect of the people and quicken
human genius. They go into the home. They broaden and brighten the daily life of
the people. They open mighty storehouses of information to the student. Every expo
sition, great or small, has helped to some onward step. N Comparison of ideas is always
educational, and as such instructs the brain and hand of man. Friendly rivalry follows,
which is the spur to industrial improvement, the inspiration to use future invention and
to high endeavor in all departments of human activity. It exacts a study of the wants,
comforts and even the whims of the people and recognizes the efficacy of high quality
and new prices to win their favor."
His oratory has always a marked grace and graciousness, and his 'statement is always
lucid, but he never excelled this sentence in that exposition address, in which the scene
around him was given its true significance, and its highest purpose was declared -to be
its influence on the home.
First a word about the victim of this imported and murderous fiend. President McKin
ley has never been, willing to distrust the people, even to the extent of thinking of his per
sonal safety. The most amiable, thoughtful and approachable of men, and throughout his
career the sincere well wisher of his countrymen, his friendly personality, frankness and
sympathetic attitude toward all humanity should have made him safe in any American
community. He had a distinct individuality among our public men. His views of na
tional policy rested upon an original basis, and though the policies were old and baitle
scarred in many a political contest, he gave them new life for new reasons. His career
has been typically American and his inspiration came from his own experiences. His eye
saw through all the pomp and circumstance of government back, and back to. the ultimate
purpose of government, the fireside welfare of the people. Therefore in all his public ut
terances we find him thinking of the home, the shelter of the family, and of the fire on
its hearth, the food on its table and the happiness of its occupants. Only the day be
fore the bullet of the imported devil laid him low, in his speech at the Buffalo Exposi
tion his theme was the home, the hearts therein bound together in affection, and the
means by which it could stand as the asylum of all gentleness. •
But now we are called to blush for a crime that must cause the most serious reflec
tions that Americans can indulge. As far as known at this writing the assassin of Presi
dent McKinley is of that class of reptiles who sit upon a pinnacle that is built for them
out of the v misleading, misguiding and misteaching of men.
The assassin has for a third time turned the weapons of death against Presidents of
the republic. In the cases of Lincoln and Garfield the crime was different . in its psy
chology from the murderous attempt made yesterday on President McKinley, which has
plunged the nation into mourning. In the first two attacks the immediate personal ele
ment of revenge was apparent. Booth killed Lincoln through a supposed devotion to a
lost cause, and by that act robbed that cause of a halo of romance far brighter than any
which the genius of history will give it. Guiteau, a wretched monomaniac and paranoiac,
inflated his small personality to the stature of an historic murderer and died as he had
lived, a purposeless, blattering, worthless " creature, who had no followers and assassin
ated with no reason that cbuld dignify even murder.
THE old idea honestly entertained in the early days of the republic, that here the
bloody passions of men would not be turned against the administrators of a gov
ernment so admirably adapted to preserve the rights of man and procure his hap
piness, must be regretfully abandoned.
THE PRESIDENT SHOT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1901.
STRANGE STRIPED GIRAFFE-LIKE
ANIMAL DISCOVERED IN AFRICA
SATURDAY i SEPTEMBER 7, .1901
JOHN -O. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
litntt AH Cammuletttesi to W. S. LXAEE, Xtntrer.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. ...... .Telephone PressgO*
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
KDITORIAL BOOMS.... .21 7 to 221 SteTCBiofl St.
Telephone Preis 202.
npltrrrrd *rr Cnrrifrm. 15 Cent* Per Weete.
9in(cle Copied. B Cent*.
Term* by Hall. Including* Po«tairei
DATLT CALL (ineludlnr Funday). one yew ...M.W»
DAILY GAUj Onelurtinir Funday). « montbi.'. S.OO
DAILT CALL Onrhifllnr Sunday). 8 months J.BO
DAILT CALL— By Slnjrle Month, 65o
FUNDAT CALL On* Tew .'? * 1B0
WXEKLT CALL One Tear - /•• 100
All poatniMteni fire nntfinrtBed to receive
Hnbnerlptlonn.
F«jBp!» copies will be forwarded when rainerted.
Man *nb«!T!t>er» In CTd»r!nr rhanr* «f •««»>•«• *hould b«
r«rt!«il«r to rlre both JfEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAKD OFFICE . . .1118 Broaflway
r. ckorge icrogxess.
Ftttpr Tutlffc ttrtrihir.e, JTirqcett* Boildln*. CMeip.
fLone Distance Telephone "Central 2«19.") •
. JCKW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Scjnnre
NETT TORK REPRESENT ATrVE:
STEPHE5 B. SMITH 3O Trtbnne BnlldlnR
ICEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
¦W«lrt<-»rf-»irior5» Hotel: A. Brentano. SI TJnion Square:
Rnrray HH1 Hotel.
BRAJfCH OFFICES— 5T7 MwitironierT. <wrn»r of Cla*. or*n
¦ntll 1:10 o'clock. SNI H«ye». open nntlt *:S0 o'clock. tSS
MeAMrter. open until »:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln. open wntll
•:» o'clock. l»il Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22*1 Market.
nm« Sixteenth, cpen tsistll » o'clock. 10M Valencia, open
m»ttl t c'elock. 166 Eleventh, open until t o'clock. NW.
•v>rn»r Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
txn Flllraor*. open nnttl 9. a. m."
10
AMTJSEWDEITTS.
Central— "A Voice From the 'Wilderness."
Alcazer— "Incomar."
Grand Opera-house — "Rosedale."
TivoH — "Norna."
California— "An Ideal Husband."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia — "A Royal Family."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. . .
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths — Swimming.
By McBrlde & Co.— This day, at 11 o'clock. Furniture, etc.,
At C9 Mission street.
AUCTION SALES.
Call i>ulj!«erlb«>r« contemplating* a chanre •*
ret>ldenee dnrins the Hummer moatbi can h«T«
(heir paper forwarded br mall to tbetr. »«w
addresses br notifying The Call Business Offle*.
Thu ps/icr Trill also be on sale at all imiaMat
renorts and Is represented br a local afreat la
¦xll towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIBG TOWB FOR THE SUIKEB.
tt^^^"
ORDER NOW
¦¦NTTTI4IiPD-- I;} AIMAi. Colo., Sept. 6.-W.' H. 'Shaw, a
gambler, aged 45 years, .was shot and mor
tally., wounded by E. D. Klmball ' In the
latter's saloon and ¦ gambling resort to
day. : Klmball was placed under.* arrest.
The tragedy was the culmination of L a
poker ' game, ". which had been in progress
day and night. 3«BHSliS&£^??2£*%
Gambler Shot in a Saloon.
Soup-kitchens and strikes. See pictures
In to-day's Wasp. . •
STANFORD .UNIVERSITY, % Sept. ¦ «.—
The telephone situation took a" hew i turn
here to-day when word. was received that
Mrs. Stanford had telegraphed from New
York to the manager of the Sunset Tele
phone Company, giving him permission to
reinstate the telephone : system on the
campus and to . put In . telephones for all
persons desiring them. '
Telephone System Reinstated.
. NEW YORK; Sept. 6.— The Club
defeated the representatives of the New
Jersey Rifle- Association - by sixty-two
points In the special challenge "match at
Seagirt. The final scores were:
Ulster, 1620; New Jersey," 1558 : points.
Ulster Beats New Jersey.
At -a meeting of the Pacific Interdub
Yacht Association held yesterday evening
it was decided that if news of the Presi-*
dent's death should be received before 12
noon on Monday. September 8. the regatta
heretofore set for that day will be called
off. The referee and donors of the tro
phies to be presented at the regratta will
be notified of the action of the delegates.
If it .becomes necessary to ' postpone the
regatta it will be held on some later day
to be flxe<L_by the regatta committee.
This will probably be Sunday. Septem
ber 15.
s Regatta May Be Postponed.
NEW'YORIt, Sept. 6.— Secretary J. S.
V. Oddie of, the New York Yacht Club
said that no letter protesting against the
right of the club to exclude the Lawson
boat Independence from the trial races
for the selection of the defender of the
America's cup had yet been received. He
declined to express an opinion on the sub
ject in advance of the receipt of the letter.
The regatta committee, consisting of %>:-
Commodore Kane, Chester Grlswold and
Kewberry Lawion, reached. New York to
day from Newport and at once began
making preparations for the race.
The Mail and Express Bays that when
Sir Thomas Lipton's attention was called
to the report from Boston that the courts
would be invoked to prevent the New-
York Yacht Club from turning over the
cup to him in case he won it, the owner
of the Shamrock II said:
"Gentlemen, I have nothing to &ay,
really, as I do not wish to Interfere In a
family matter, but if I win the cup from
the representative boat of the New York
Yacht Club, as I hope to do, I feel sure
the American people love fair play too
well and are too good sportsmen to brook
anything pf this kind." ;
In Trial Races Re
vived.
Old Question of Right to "Enter
INDEPEirDENCE TROUBLES
ONCE- MORE TO THE FORJE
George Doh.erty had an easy time de
feating Mike Ma'her: In«the second round
Maher claimed he had been fouled, and
while appealing to the referee received a
forcible reminder that he was in the ring.
The referee gave the bout to Doherty.
Willie* Borne and Tommy "West, two
clever, bantams, ' afforded ' much , amuse
ment. Borne was given the decision after
four rounds of good work. "Bob". Thomas
landed on,Al Duffy's solar plexus and tho
latter had no stomach to continue fight
ing. Joe Bradshaw had a nice time with
Jack Lundy, a- prototype of <¦ Ed Dunk
hurst,- the human freight car. Bradshaw
worked on Lundy as a cooper would
around a" barrel. Lundy concluded to stay
down in the third round. ¦
Paul. Martin and Ernest T^ileon fought
four' rounds to a draw. Ifwasa rattling
go. < George. Eralatz. was. knocked out« by,
Fred George in the first round: George
has the making of a good man. - Charles
Peterson battered Pete - McGee for four
rounds, and was given a decision.. McGee
fought foully. His ability to withstand
Peterson's heavy smashes was marvelous.
"Cyclone".- punished- "Jim: Daly during
'their two rounds of •. battling.- - Daly'i
second, like a wise man, threw up . the
sponge. ' -
Rlngr-goers who filled \ the grymnasium
of the San Francisco Athletic Club la<«t
night were treated to some rare sport.
Gore flowed' and a^ufflcient number - of
knockolits* enlivened things materially.
There were eight bouts, and every one of
them was Interesting. ¦
BASE * SPORT FURNISHED
BY CLEVER AMATEURS
Fifth race, six furlongs, futurity— Torso Maid
(116), Royalty (115), Waterscratch (115), Doreen
ma. D'vina (U5). - < .
Sixth' race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Allcfa' C95), Frank Duffy (113), Torslda '(106),
MI^s Vera (100), Pilot (100), Rinaldo (98).
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Mike
Etrauss (105). Mamie Hildreth (96), Phlegon
(105). Kitty Kelly (102). Eonlc (99), Gusto (95).
• Fourth race— Vinctor stake, mile — Andrisa
(114), Byron Rose (107). Vesuvian <122). Rey
Dare <107), Grafter (107), Wardman (107).
First race, stake, green class pacers— China
Maid. Redine. Richard B.
Second race. *: 17 class pace— Our Boy's Sister,
Harry J. Sir Albert S. Gaff Topsail, Adver
tiser, Banker's Daughter, Wilfred L, Uiableta,
El Diablo.
To-Morrow's Entries.
Dr. A. J. Endsley, who officiated at the
marriage of the President and Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and who has been on terms of
intimate friendship with the Chief
Executive since he was a lad, was over
come with grief. He said that after read
ing the President's address, delivered : at
the Pan-American Exposition yesterday
in this morning's - papers he was seised
with a conviction that the President
would not live to serve out his term. .. He
communicated his impression to his wife.
He Is unable to account for the convic
tion that 'came to him.
SOMERSET, Pa.. Sept. 6.— Abner Mc-
Kinley left here Monday evening for the
Pacific Slope. The bulletin announcing 1 the
attack on the President threw the people
of Somerset into a panic and hundreds
rushed to the McKinley place, the ¦ sum
mer home of Abner, to tender condol
ences.
PREDICTED DISASTER
FOR THE PRESIDENT
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
At Kew York:
First came— R. H. E.
Pittsburg I.'.:".. ..15 '22' :
New York * •¦:.•-- 5
Batteries— Levy and Teaser; Hickman, Liv
ingston and Smith and Warner.
Second game— R. H. E.
New York 4 9 4
Pittsburg 13 14 2
Batteries— Phyle, Van Eant and Smith; Mer
rltt end O'Connor.
At Boston: H, H. E.
Boston J If 5
Et. Louis 9 15 0
Batteries— Willis and Kittredgt; SudhoS and
Ryan.
At Brooklyn: R- H, E.
Cincinnati J 10 t J
Brooklyn - U 20 1
Batteries— Sudhoff, Phillips and Pletz;
Hughes and Farrell.
At Philadelphia: R. H. E.
Chicago 2 ' *
Philadelphia « 9 2
Batteries— Menefee and Kahoe; Donahue and
Douglass^
} -ZZ 7 ; AMERICAN LEAGUE.
At Cleveland:
First game— R. H. E.
Cleveland ..' W X \ B
Baltimore 7 9 3
Batteries — Wood and Moore; Foreman and
Bresnahan.
Second game— R. 'H. E.
Cleveland 4 J 2
Baltimore 7 10 1
Batt-riee — Braeckcn and IVood; Ho well and
Robinson. ¦
At Detroit: K. H. . : E.
Detroit • * • • 1
Philadelphia ' 6 ' I
Batteries — Yeager and Buelow; Fraser and
gteelman.
At Chicago: R. H. E.
Chicago • J . ¦ . 2
Washington » " 3
Batteries— Katoll and Sullivan; Mercer and
Clarke. -
NEW TORK, Sept.. 6. — Sheepahead Bay sum- \
raary:
First race, five furlongs— Cryptogram won,
Cast Iron second, Goldage third. . Time,
1:01 4-5.
Second race, mile — Monarka won. Satire sec
ond. Wax Taper third. Time, 1:39 1-5.
Third race, three and a half furlongs—En
durance by Rgfht won, Jim Tully second, Pre
torius third. Time, 1:07 3-5.
Fourth race, mile and three-sixteenths—
Water Color won. Nones second, Autollght
third. Time, 1:59 4-6. •_
Fifth race, \ six furlongs— Schwalbe won,
Ascension second. Lady Sterling third. Time,
Sixth race, half mile— TriRBer won. Baron
Pepper second. Maid o£ Harlem third. Time.
2:33 2-5. " .
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Harlem summary:
First race, five and a half ' furlongs— Coaeoa
won, Lysbeth second. Whiflt third. Time,
Second race, six furlongs, selling*— Ranco
won, Del March second, Goal Runner third.
Time, 1:12 3-5. : •"¦ ' ¦
Third race, short course, iteeplechase— Duty
won, .Walter deary, second,' Refugee third.
Time, 3:36 3-5.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards—
Favonlus won, Senator Beverldg* second. Clus
ter third. Time. 1:43 3-5.
Fifth race, five, furlongs— Jack Ratlin won.
Hoodwink second. MoChesney third. Time,
Sixth' race, five furlongs— Tommy Foster won,
Phil Knight ( second, Marque third. Time,
'•seventh race, lialf mile. sellin>y— Flying Tor
pedo -won.' Whttfleld second, Kentucky Babe
third.' Time, 2:55 1-5.
•ST. LOUIS, Sept. 6.— Delmar Park summary:
First race, mile and a • sixteenth— Governor
Boyd won, Kitty Clyde second. Round Turn
Second race, five furlongs— Colonial Girl won,
Ogle second, Annie Elliott third. Time, 1:01^.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Lillian
M won. Miss Gaines second, Josie F third.
Time_l:00V4-' - ¦ '. .', _--. ' " ¦'' ' ' ' •
Fourth race, six furlongs— Santa Ventura
won, Lady Bramble second, Prima II third.
Fifth race, mile— Dandy Jim won. Outburst
second. Brown Veil third. Time. 1:42.:
Sixth Tace. seven .furlongs — Meddlesome won.
Nearest second. Miss Golightly* tilrd. . Time,
1:28%. ¦ '¦¦¦-... . ¦
FORT ERIE, Ont, Sept. 6.— Summary:
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
C E E won, Innominatum second, I Know
third. Time, 1:08%. , . '." ',
Second race, four and a half furlongs— Frank
Becker won," Dash second,' Hattla Davis third.
Time, :58%i. . ' ' ' *>
Third race, six and a half furlongs— Lofter
won Sailor King - second, . Ocle Brooks third.
Time, 1:20^. . ' j^ •
Fourth race, one mile— Cherry "Wild won,
Handcuff second. Baffled third. Time. 1:40%.
Fifth race, six • furlongs— Lady .Silver won,
Margaret Steel second, Lady Cayman - third.
'Time,' N l:13%.- ' ' - ..--.-. l >
Sixth race, seven and a half furlongs— Flavor
won. Colonel Bellentlne second. Quaver third.
Time. 1:35^.: : - -¦_¦'- .
EASTERN RACES.
Dolly Bldwell Takes the First Heat.
Eleata th,e Succeeding
, . ¦ : Three. ; \ 7 ..•¦
HARTFORD. CJonn;; Sept. 6.— There -was
a large attendance at Charter Oak to-day
to witness the Charter Oak stakes of $10,
000 for the 2:13 class. There were twelve
starters in the race. Eieata was the
favorite. The first heat went to Dolly
Bidwell. The next three and the race
were taken by Eieata. Results: • t
Charter Oak Stakes, purse $10,000, 2:13 class
trotters— Eieata won, Dolly Bidwell necond.
Alan third. Beet time, 2:09. ¦ ¦ - ,.
2:27 class pacing — Frasler won, Terrac» f1 Queen
second, Knox's Gelatine third. Beat time,
2:Q3U.: S » . •
2:11 pacing— Mat Ingalls won, Daphne Dallas
second. Don Reilly third. Best time, 2:06V6.
2:25 trot — Lela won. El Milagro second, Lau
retta third. Best time, 2:13>4.-
KLEATA WTNTS THE BIG- ;
CHARTER OAK STAKES
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Derereaux, e. e 4 1110 4 1
Courtney. 2b 3 0 P 0 3 2 1
McLaugtilin, 1. T.... 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Doyle, r. f 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Ehe«han. Sb 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Ftanley. <¦ 2 0 0 0 4 10
Hanlon. 1b 3 0 0 0 9 0 0
McGucken, c. t 3 0 0 0 2 10
McNeely, p 3 0 10 0 2 0
Totals 30 1 3 1 24 12 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt. Sb 4 1 : 0 1 4 0
Ftreib, r. f 4 110 10 0
Eagan, lb 3 1 1 0 14 0 0
r>rennan. c. f 4 0 1 1 3 0 0
Mohler. Cb 1 0 0 1 1 S 0 J
Francks. s. s 3 0 0 0 1 1 0|
Arrellanes, I. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 |
Hanscn. c 3 0 0 0 6 0 0|
Hodson, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals » 3 5 2 27 IS 0
RUNS AND HITS BT INNlXGS.
Baeramfr.to 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hite 2 0 0 0 10 0 0 0—3
Oak'.ar.d 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 •— 3
Ba«e hits 0 0 4 0 1 0 .0 0 ?—a
SUMMART.
Runs refj>onsible for — McXeely 3. HodBon 1.
Two-bape hits— Streib. Drennan. Sacrifice hit—
Mohler. First base nn errors— Oakland 1. First |
base on called balls— Oakland 2, Sacramento 2. ;
Left on bases — Oakland 4, Sacramento 4. ;
Struck out— By McXeely 3. by Hodson 3. Time
of came— 1:2.'.. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer—
McFarlin.
San Francisco "Wins.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 6.— Whalen was
invincible to-day and Los Angeles fielded
poorly. The locals were lucky the score
was no woree. Hardie quit in the second
inning, but. was coaxed back Into the
game. Score:
LOS AXGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutrhfnson. lb 4 0 0 0 13 1-0
Atherton. 2b 4 0 0 0. 1 > 8 . "1
Householder, cf 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
C. Reilly, 3b 3 1 1 0 1 1 0 I
Bowman, If 3 0 0 0 1 0 0!
Kelly. 6. s S 0 0 O 2 2 2 I
Moore, rf 3 0 0 t 1 0 1
Spies, c t o i o 4 1 3
Harwell, p. 2 0 0 0 1 1 0
Totals 27 1 2 0 27 15 7
SAJN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
XonJyke. cf 3 4 1 1 3 0 C
AVilson. c. 4 0 10 0 0 0
Pab«t lb 4 1 1 0 15 2 0
Schwartz rf 4 0 1 0 S 0 0
Hildebrand. If 4 0 2 1^»1 0 n
Shay. e. s 4 0 0 0 16 0
Krug, Cb 4 0*0360
J. Reilly, Sb 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Whalen. p. 4 0 0 0 110
Total* S3 S 8 2 Zi 17 0
BCK8 AND HITS BT IXXIXGS.
Los Armeies 0 10 0 0 0-0 0 0—1
Base hits ... : 0 10 0 10 0 0 0 — 2
San Francisco 1 0 10 2010 0—3
Base hits 0 2 2 0 3 0 0 1 0—8
SUMMARY.
Runs reeponeible for — Whalen I. Hartwell 2.
Two-base hits — Xordyke. C. Reilly. Sacrifice
hits— Bowman. Hartwell. First base on er
rors— Saa Francisco 3. First base on called
balls— Los Ange'.es 3. San Francisco 3. Left on
baeee— Los Angeles 3. San Francisco 5. Struck
out— By Hartwell 2. Hit by pitcher- — Nordyke.
Double play— Pabst to Shay. Time of game-
US. Umpire— Hardi«.
STANFORD STUDENT TO :
WED FORMER INSTRUCTOR
Engagement of Floyd 0. Rittenhouse
Is Announced.
and Miss Blanche Anderson
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 6.—
An announcement which has awakened
unusual interest In' the college community
Is that of the approaching marriage of
Miss Blanche Josephine Anderson, A. M.,
and Ployd Omer Rittenhouse, ex-'O3.
Rittenhouse first met his fiancee In a
classroom in which she . was instructor
and he a freshman student." He was a
student in the history department and she
held the positioji of instructor 'in ancient
history. Their acquaintance ripened into
something stronger than the ordinary
friendship of student for teacher and the
announcement of their engagement came
as a surprising bit of romance to univer
sity circles.
Miss Anderson was a graduate student
in the university before accepting an in
structorship Jn.ithe; iWs,tory :-j department, .
She took her'bachelor's degree at Oberlin
College, Ohio, and her master's degre'e at
Stanford in 1898. As an Instructor Miss
Anderson was a favorite with the stu
dents. She lived in Oberlin,. Ohio, before
coming to California. - ;; . . : n,
Floyd Rittenhouse entered Stanford in
1899,' registering from Ashland; .Ohio, and
remained two years. While here he earn
ed his way through college by working in
a Palo Alto barber shop. He was- very
popular with his college classmates. Since
leaving the university he has been con
ducting a. barber shop in Santa Cruz.
The wedding will occur in Santa Cruz
next Sunday. _
KZIXKD BY A BI<AST
•IN COPPER KING MINE
George Kneller of Cloverdale Meets
Death and Sis Son Has
Narrow Escape.
CLOVERDALE, Sept. 6.— George Knel
ler of Cloverdale was accidentally killed
last evening while setting off blasts in the
Copper • King mine, twenty-three . miles
northwest from Cloverdale. Kneller was
firing two blasts. He had applied the
match to one, but the other was slow in
igniting. While he was tarrying to fire
this blast the first was discharged. A rock
striking him on the . stomach passed
through his body and death was instanta
neous. -> . ' , :¦ .
Kneller's boy, hearing : the explosion,
rushed into the tunnel to ascertain if his
father were safe. Just then the second
explosion occurred. The escape of the
boy from death was miraculous. He was
only slightly Injured.
Kneller's widow and daughter carried
his body from the tunnel. ;
SUPPOSED NOBUEBEAN i
ACCUSED . OF ,n&ATTX>
Baron von Polenz Charged With Hav
ing Uttered a Fraudulent
*¦'. ;; ' Check.
SANTA MONICA, Sept. 6.— Baron von
Polenz, who claims to be a German no
bleman, was arrested this morning,
charged with having defrauded the Ocean
Park Country Club of ?5.by means of a
fraudulent check. •
To Amputate Nelson's Leg.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.-rGangrene having
set in, the surgeons at Bellevue Hospital
have decided that . John Nelson, the
cyclist, must have his leg amputated in an
effort to save his life.
Jeffries' forfeit for appearance has not
yet been posted. His managers say it will
be forthcoming as soon as the Supervisors
grant the permit for the fight and the
date of which is set. Both men, Jeffries
and Ruhlln, will be seen in this city in
benefits in the near future. , Jeffries will
box with his brother, Ruhlln with Ed
Martin.
O'Rourke has consigned Walcott to the
care of Johnny . Mitchell. The colored
fighter will train at Croll's, Alazneda, as
soon as . he arrives. O'Rourke will not
reach the city until a few days before the
fight. • "
Joe- Bernstein is looking . for Kid Mc-
Fadden. He has backing for a fight with
the weight condition at 124 pounds at 3
o'clock of the afternoon of thd night. of
the flsht. ¦
Joe Walcott, the Barbadoes fistic terror,
left New Tork yesterday afternoon, bound
directly for this city. He is expected to
arrive here next Tuesday morninsr. On
the 27th of this month Walcott will fight
George Gardner before the San Francisco
Athletic Club.
Tom O'Rourke, who handles Walcott,
seems to think that his man will have an
easy time with .Gardner, but that is
strictly O'Rourke's opinion. Since; Gard
ner's last fight he has won many admir
ers who are willing to bet on the chances.
Be 3>ecided in the Near
Future.
Notes of Pugilistic Events That Will
WAECOTT IS ON HIS "
WAY TO THIS CITY
SACRAMENTO.
In the first Inning the Senators shot
Devereaux across the plate. Going to first
on a hit, stealing second and reaching
third on McLaughlin'B out, he scored on
Doyle's hit through Babbitt.
The game was fast and on the Oakland
Fide replete with sharp, sure fielding. Bab
bitt at third and Eagan on the initial bag
dividing the honors.
Hodson. who was on the slab for the
Dudes, proved too enigmatical a subject
for the Senatorial stickers to handle.
Three hits were all that the score shows
against him.. The score:
With two men In the cemetery Babbitt
came up for s hit. scoring Immediately
after on a two-base hit by Streib. who in
turn crossed tfce rubber on-Eagan's sin
gle. Then came Drennan with another
two-bagger, and Eagan added the third
run to the list. Mohler was the third to
die. He was introduced yesterday by
Ewing and gives promise of "making
good." \ . . . .
McNeely made his first appearance, on
the Recreation grounds yesterday,
with the exception of a single . inning,
when the Dudes kept playing around the
bases, he pitched very good ball. The
third read the knell to Sacramento's
hopes of victory. ¦
Sixth* raoe, six furlongs, selling, purse $225—
Charles Earl's b. m. Coming: Event (109), by
Calvadoe-Katrinka (C. Ross), 18 to 10, first;
Canderoa, ch. %., 4. by Candlemas-HInda
bewgler (Ransch). 7 to 10. second: Lost Girl,
ch. m.. by Sobrante-Nellle K (Russell), 3
to 1, third. Time, 114%. Ponga (112), Moun
tain Dew (1C9). Canejo (109). Lief Prince (106)
and Pegalong (106) also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs for maiden two-year
olds, mirse $22»— W. 3. Sink Jr.'s b. g. Daw
eon. 105, by ataxlo- Easter (Logue). 7 to 10,
won; Wandering Boy. 103. b. g. by Brutus-
Wandering Nun (Howson), 6 to 1, second; Sen
ator Bruce, 108, ch. c by Amlgo-Indlar.olo
(Bozeman). 3 to 2, third. Time. 1:02. Iear
(100), Resin (103), Marloso (110) and Charette
(100) alto ran.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling-,
puree $225 — Lone stables* ch. Ti., Cromwell,
112. by St. Blaiss-Flavina (Russell). 6 to S. won;
Umber Jim. ch. g.. 2 (112). by Snuffbox-Jill
dred (Hobart), 8 to 1, second; Whaleback, b. g.,
5 (112), by Duncombe-Orange Leaf (Bur
lingame), 8 to 1. third. Time. 1:49. Sea Spray
(112), Lizzella <108). Alicia (109) Merops (112)
«ind El Mido (112) also-ran.
Third race, five furlongs, maiden two-year
olds, purse $225 — G. W. Snider" s ch. f. Quadra,
105, by Frestonpans-MisB Belinda (Logue), 3
to 1, won; Lulette, b. f. by Bassetlaw-Lulu
(Ransch), 3 to 2, second; Kedan, b. g. by Ar
tillery-Priness Noretta (McKichoIs), 6 to 5.
third. Time, 1:01*4. Jennie Hughes (.110),
Flattered (105) and Yankee Dame (110) also
ran. %
Time. 2:27>4. 2:2$'^. 2:24, 2:30. 2:48.
Second race. Drummers' race, heats 3 in 5,
purso $250: . . .
Abdine (H. A. Bell) .^ 3 111
Little Maid (\V. F. Peterson) . ...I 12 2 2
Polka Dot (L. S. Upson) 2 5 3 r. o.
Pearl Sinclair (B. Wertheimer).5 2 5 r. o.
Deacon IE. F. Peart) 4 4 4 r. o.
'¦%¦.'' * " "
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 6.— Beyond ques
tion the largest crowd of the meet attend
ed the racing at Agricultural Park to-day..
The merriment of the gay throng was
partially hushed when the attempt on the
life of the President was made known
and the flags "were all half-masted when'
it was reported that the nation's head
had passed away. Later when a bulletin
was posted that President McKinley was
still alive It was hailed with .great ap
1 plause from the stand.
- All day long the traveling men were
strongly In evidence, it being Drummers',
i day. Irrepressible Wilbur >Knapp was
present, leading more than two score of
the "knights." They took possession of
the grounds in the forenoon and kept
those assembled in gay spirits with a
series of races.
Ole Folks, the unique colored turf char
acter, known from Brighton Beach, where
he used to buck and wln£ for the edifica
tion of the grand stand, to Willows, Gal.,
where he "new the bank roll" running a
crap game, Is on the ground. Folks. Is
minus one bptic, which- he says 'was
kicked out by a game chicken while peek
ing into a hencoop one frosty New Year's
evening in Southern Kansas. After per
using the price Folks concluded a trip to
the springs would benefit the layers' oi
odds and refuses to unload his coin,
which got here on- the brakebeam of a
through freight.
Almonada, a bay horse by Eros, driven
by H. Delaney, captured the 2:20 trot
after a tame contest. Thomas R, handled
by Farmer "Buncn, was the pick of the
smart ones, but he went lame after tak
ing the second heat, and Almonada, with
the flrst to his creait, won tne third and
lourth heats.
Five started in the Drummers' race. It
evoked very little interest, finally going
to Abdlne, driven by H. A. Bell.
In the nve funonjj scramble for maiden
two-year-olds Quaura, a three to one
chance, left that oasa with* flying colors.
Tne nily with Logue up took the lead in
the run home, beating i>ulette and Redan
half a dozen lengths in 1:01%. The latter
was played down from twos to 6 to 6 fa
voritism. Crub Russell on Yankee Dame
grew fatigued at the stretch turn or the
ally might have won.
J. Ransch seems unable to get astride a
winner. He had the leg up on Merops,
even money favorite for the mile and *.
sixteenth run, and the gelding couldn't
scare up a gallop. Limber Jim made the
running to tne paddock, where Russell on
: the C to 5 second choice Cromwell got up,
j winning by two lengths. Limber Jim took
the piece from Whaleback by a head. El
I Mido fell seventy yards from the wire,
McCarthy escaping with a shaking up.
The second, batcn of maiden two-year
olds were a nondescript lot. Dawson, witn
Jimmy Logue up and 7 to 10 in the ring,
shook off Senator Bruce and in a drive
led out Wandering Boy a neck. Show
honors went to Senator Bruce. Lost
Charley Ross neglected to use his dumb
bells this morning, and Coming Event, a
3 to -2 second choice, took the concluding
three-quarter sprint very .cleverly. The
general public plunged heavily on Can
deros, the Jennings entry, which was
played down to- 7 to 10 favoritism. . The:
latter galloped into the stretch and -it i
looked all • over, when Coming Event i
slipped along, 'defeating- the good thing a
; neck. Lost Girl, a well backed one, ran
I third. Summaries:
First race, trotting, 2:20 class, heats 3 in 5,
purse $800:
Almonada. b. h., by Eros-Maggie
} (H. Delaney) l ill
Thomas R, ch. g., by Iran Alto
(Bunch) 2 17 2
The Tout, b. g., by Apollo (Ward). .2 2" 2 r.
Floradora. eh. m., by Sable-Stein
j way (Lafferty) 5 3 3 r.
! Oulbul, b. h., by Stamboul (L. M.
j Clark) 4 5 5 r.
Prince L., b. s.. by Escort (W.
Brown) 6 7 4 r.
Walling, b. g. f by "Waldsten
(Swain) 7 8 6 r.
Ole, b. h.. by Silas Skinner (Qulnn).8 6 8 r.
Time. 2:lS=i. 2:1SV4. 2:21%. 2:25.
...The. name of Nunez, the pilot, la on Ad
miral Schley's list. He was put aboard
the Brooklyn by Captain Sigs'bee to serve
as a pilot, and he it was who reported to
Admiral Schiey that it was impossible for
the Spanish squadron to enter Santiago
harbor without tugs, on account of the
crookedness of the channel. Among tho
civilians to be called are several news
paper men who -served as correspondents
during the West Indian campaign.
"Admiral Barker, who was a member of
the War Board during the Spanish-Amer
ican war, arrived here to-day. He is ona
of the witnesses on Admiral Schley's list,
which leads to the belief that the evidence
may go into circumstances before the war
began and when the West Indian cam
paign was planned. • '
Admiral Schiey and his counsel to-day
began holding sessions with the witnesses
they will call. Those heard to-day were
Admirals Watson and Barker. The sit
tings were private and the character of
the evidence was not disclosed.- Admiral
Watson was at Guantanamo on. the day
of the battle of Santiago.
. Judge Advocate General Lemly has de
cided, so far a3 the. civilian witnesses
whose names appear on the list are con
cerned, that he has no power under the
law to summon themMn advance of the
meeting of the court, that body alone be
ing competent to issue a formal sum
mons having legal force. Captain Lemly
to-day " issued i "notices" to each of 'the
civilians named, requesting them to be
present in Washington at the opening day
of the court next Thursday. ¦ .•. •
WASHINGTON, Sept. .6.— The Navy De
partment received a letter from Admiral
Schiey to-day containing a< list of wit
nesses he desires to have brought here
and adding a request that they be sum
moned.' Acting Secretary Hackett has ex
pressed a willingness to have the wit
nesses brought here at once. Arrange
ments have been made to arrange techni
cal details, so that they may get here
promptly. . .
HAVANA, Sept. 6.— Adjutant General. Wash-
Ingt6n: Mayor and City Council of Havana
have cabled expressing sorrow and solicitude
for the President? and desire that his family
be advised of these exDresalons,
SCOTT, Adjutant General.
It was somewhat gratifying to the offi
cials here that the very" first expressions
of official sympathy should come from the
island of Cuba in the shape of the follow
ing telegram received at the War Depart
ment at 7:45 p.'m.: .
The other diplomatic representative in
Washington was Senor Herran, repre
senting the Government of the United
States of Colombia. He 'also was greatly
distressed ar.d affirmed ''that his whole
country would sympathize with the Presi
dent in this moment of pain. He could not
understand," he said, why such a benevo
lent character as President McKinley
should be. thus assaulted by one of the
people, and he declared that it was time
that the anarchists should be suppressed.
In conclusion, almost ¦with tears, he ex
pressed the hope that the President would
speedily recover from his terrible injury.
Admiral Dewey arrived in Washington
early in the afternoon. He proceeded at
once to his suburban home and was oc
cupied with the details of the approaching
Schiey court of inquiry, when the news
reached him by telephone. He at once
sought all the particulars that were avail
able and placed himself In readiness for
any service that might be required of
him, informing Acting Secretary Hackett
of that fact. The admiral found himself
unable to express his feelings at the news
and all that could be extracted from him
was that he was plunged in grief too deep
for utterance at this time. He said that
he could not now express an opinion as
to the effect that the calamity might have
on the court of inquiry or even whether It
would result in the postponement of the
approaching sitting.
Owing to the absence of many of
the diplomatic corps at Buffalo and
at the various summer resorts, there
were only two representatives of this
body of rank in Washington to-day.
Minister Wu was one of these, and when
seen to-night he was a picture of distress.
He realized keenly the tremendous in
debtedness of China, to President McKin
ley's kindly impulses in her great trials
in the last year and was shocked vthat the
great calamity had befallen him: .He Bald
he could conceive of no sort of motive for
such an inexcusable deed as that of Nle
man. and he was severe in his denuncia
tion of anarchists. He asked, why they
were permitted to hatch such plots as this
in a republic, where the people could
readily change their President If they
were in the slightest degree dissatisfied
with his' official conduct or his private
personality.
Assistant Secretary Ailes of the Treas
ury Department received a message to
night from Secretary Gage at Chicago
stating that he was about to leave at once
for Buffalo, where he will arrive to-mor
row.
The conference decided that there was
little more . that- the War Department
could undertake at this time. Surgeon
General Van Reypen of 'the navy, who
came down to the Navy Department,
called at General Gillespie's office and,
discussing' the case from a medical point
of view, took occasion to mention Dr.
Nicholas Senn of Chicago as an expert of
high grade in such cases of injury, and
the suggestion was promptly telegraphed
to Buffalo that his services be secured.
General Brooke . has at Buffalo at his
disposal a company of coast artillery sta
tioned in the Exposition grounds, a com
pany "of. the' Fifteenth Infantry, also sta
tioned at Fort Porter, within the limits of
he Exposition preserves, and other troops
at Fort Niagara. . ¦
• WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.— General Git
lespie telegraphed 7 Vice President Roose
velt at Burlington,. Vt.? and it is presumed
that it was his message that started the
Vice President, in' haste to: Buffalo. Dur
ing the early evening a conference was
held at the -War Department of such of
the department arrny officers as could be
gathered at such short notice by General
Gillespie. He informed them that he-com
municated with General Brooke, at.Gov
ernor's Island, and that the general had
replied that h9 would start immediately
for Buffalo, where he will arrive in the
morning, to take personal charge of all
arrangements for gua'rding the Presiden
tial household. 'Meanwhile he had directed
that the troops .which had been placed on
guard around the' hospital in the Exposi
tion grounds bo transferred to the Mil
burn home, where th<v President lies, to
serve as a guard and keep back the pub
lic and preserve quiet. ' •
Almonada Captures the Two
:;* Twenty Class in Good
Style.
Game.
Hodson Is at His Best— Mohler
Plays His First
Pilot Who Was on the
Will Furnish .
Testimony.
"Yesterday It was reported that Scobell
was In pursuit, of Letter. I am glad .to
say that he has been entirely successful,
having come up with the enemy early this
morning and captured the entire com
mando. The Boers had nineteen killed
and flfty-two wounded, and sixty-two un
wounded prisoners were taken, ' with all
belongings. The prisoners Include Com
mandants Lotter and Breedt, Cornet Kru
ger and Lieutenant Schoeman. Among
the killed were two Vosters, notable reb
els. Our casualties were ten skilled and
eight wounded."
GRAAFF REINET. Cape Colony, Sept.
5. — Yesterday Colonel Scobell surprised
Lotter's commando in the vicinity of Pe
tersburg, Lotter being wounded and sev
en other. Boers i killed and forty-six
wounded. 'One hundred and three burgh
ers were captured. The prisoners are be
ing brought here.
LONDON, Sept. 6.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Kitchener, dated Pretoria: 'f
"Three hundred Boers crossed south of
the Orange River, near Herschell, Into
the native territory yesterday. Several of
our column are in pursuit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Officers^ in South
Africa.
Prisoners Include Prominent
Oaklands Win Another
Game by Bunching
Their Hits.
Military Men in Washington
, Meet Hurriedly for
Action.
Quadra Wins Easily in
Maiden Two-Year
. Old Race.
Admiral Sends the List
to the Navy De
partment.
Kitchener's Troops Cap
ture Men. After a;
Fierce Fight.
TROOPS ORDERED
OUT FOR GUARD
DRUMMERS'DAY
AT STATE FAIR
SCHLEY NAMES
HIS WITNESSES
BOERS BATTLE
WITH BRITISH
FOUND M'NEELY
IN ONE INNING
PRESIDENT VICTIM OF ASSASSIN
Continued from Page Tour.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, a 901.
EASTEBN BASEBALL.
11
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of .
Very small and as* easy v •
. to take as sugar.
CCC I -. A n . rn V I FOR HEADACHE. CCC
SEE CARTERS FOR miZINESS. bLh
1 Kittle for biuouskess. ' ™,.,«V;;
GENUINE ¥ vfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS FOR COMSTIPATIOH. ->
WRAPPFR il^ for sallow skik. . WRAPPER
YVKAKniK Ifek^J IFOR THE COMPLEXION n^ rjriiri
25cSws I PnrBly ?egctal>le. / >^w^S^S
"PRINTED O!N* REID I D^A.!E D !E3I^. n ..
R ATT, WAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oakland Off ice— 54- San Pablo Av*.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Off loa 1OO4 Market Streot.
Telephono-r-South 42O,
is one of the signs of a well-dressed man-
without it all other, signs fail. You can
always carry this sign if you patronize
the United States Laundry. We launder
shirts perfectly," and all other linen as
well. You will find that your linen will
wear- longer, also, if you send . it to us.
Just try it.
No saw edges.
A WelUatmdered Shirt
QOHOEHHCEA AND UBIMAB7 DISCHAB9SS
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
'.Xrataa !•<**•» »¦<• urn duo to nrrlf* m*
- - HJkN ritA.IClNVO.
. (Main Lino. Foot of Market Strati)
luti — From Jclt 14, 19QL ' — ABUTS
' 7i«Oa Benlcl*, SuUun, Elmlrn and flaer*.
. mento... flt*3»
7«OOa VftCATilla, Wlntera, Eumsey 7tO3»
9>3«a liarttn«x,SutUamon,VaUe]o.Mspa> .
C»ll»tcg»»nd8»nt» Kou Biaa»
S:OOa D»Tis. Woodlmad. Kalgnt* L»adlB|, - -^
- M&rjrsTlUe, Oro»Ul«_ '. 7l83»
Si«O« AUantio Kxpress-Osdea sad East l*iSSr
•iOOa KUes, Lathrop, Stockton :... ~t23i
- atOOANUes. Meodota, EUn/ord. VlsslU. •-
Porterrule «>SS*
¦ »iS»a Bb-uta F,ipre?a-DavU, WiUUomacir ¦-.¦¦-.¦
BurtleU -Sprlaes). Willows, Bad :
Bluff, PofUandV. ,7iM»
¦<S*A8mu Joao. LlTermore. Btookton. . .^..
Ions. Hsoraiiiouto, Plaeerville.
M»rya*nie, Chioo. ita.t Blnff 4>S3r
¦ir«A O»kd»le. C'hlnesa (YoMmlte). 8o-
. nora, Carters 4:S3y
tttO* Hay ward. Nllrs ind Way Stations.. HiMi
Mil Vallejo.. 12«23»
Mil Loa Ancalea Ejci>resa — Murtlnvx,
Traa*. Lsthrop. Stockton. Merced
* ' Traano and Los AcKDles 7:23*
VtSva Vallejo. MartSuoz and Way Station* YiSSp
IOiOOa Tha Oreiland Limited— Ogdon. Dea-
fer. Uinaha. Chicago.. .... ........ «i."»3»
tl«»Or Sacraineuto llliut .-ti B »rn«ti 13iO«a
litOr HaywanL Mlleaaod Waj stations.. "2:&it
«!»•» Benlcla, Winters. Bsoramento, V.
Wuodland. UuigbU Laudluj,
MaryiTillo, Orotllle 1»:SSa
4i««p Martluvx, Hau lUmon. Vallajo. -
N»p*. (Jallatuga. Maiit* Roil >>33a,
«tO«r NUea, LlTermore. Stotkton. Lodl... 1*s»3r
¦4iaiff Hayward, Nlles, Han Joao, LlTermora t»!»3*
AitQP Port Costa, Tracy. La'.brop. Stock ten 10s33a
•lUWrfba Owl IJratted— Krosno, TcUre,
BakeraSeltl. Maugna for Santa Bar*
baxa. Los AnKoloa »:Mi
StO«r M*rtlnf z, AaUoth. Stociton, M«r-
eed, Fresno 12;5.ip
•iO»rToeomIte... 1S(33»
•>S«r New Orleans Exprons— Mondota.
Vreeno, Bakentteld. Loa ?ngalcav
' i - Demise • EJ Paao. New Oxlaana
~ and. Ess* 7i53»
••••» Hafwatd. NUst aod 8*0 Jose....... 7:55 1
«*s*«p Vafisjo IliSSt
«i«Or Oriental Hail— Ogden. Cberenne,
> -r . „¦ Omaha. CbloME.i laCBSr
••••f Oriental Mail— Ogden, Dentw,
81 Louis. Chicago. 4tS3r
Ttwtr Oregon and Callfurols Kxpreu.Hao.
. raineutu, MarjaTllls, Keililhig.
Porklan.l. Pngek Mound and Kaak BsSSa
MlfBu Pablo, Pork Coata. Maxtlnas '
and Wt| SUtlODS... I1»*»A
t»rt>3r Valle]o...-........~. Tt&Zt
COAST LINE (Harrow »»«ge).
(Foot of Market Streat.) 1
. fI*4&A Santa Crux Exounion to daota Cnu
aod Principal Way Sutlons {StOS*
StlSA.Newark.OeutwrTllln > .SanJose, Felton, -
Boaldoc Ore«k.fi^uU Oruz and Way
StaMona... ».»»»
t*il9r Nawark, Oentor»ill». Bun .7o«o, Hair
Alumdeo, Folton, Itooldar Oreek,
' 8«nta Cnu and Pilaolval V.'»i
Butlona > I«iS«*
«il!»r Nawark. San 3m; Irfis Gatos.. tMi<l«A
««i!Or OIenwood.BotildCT Creek. Santa Cna t»d»*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ton Hi msCISCO— r»ai <f Kirktt Strict (Slip 8>—
t7:18 0:00 11:00*. M. 1:03 3:C3 lllZ*.*.
rruOUUll— /..» .f Bri«dw.j._t8:00 J8;00 tS^M
18.OO*.M. 18:03 8:03 4:03 r.M. -
COAST LINE (Bros,! Gangs).
, «' .•*.¦¦¦' (Third and Townaend 3ta.) *'+f '¦¦..
1 lilOiSos Joasand Way HtaUona......... •tUO*
t7t«OA Hut Jose »ml Wa» Stutlou* ItSwr
/7t«VA Now Alinadsu... / «|1O»
J7i3w* Snndsj Ezcnnlon for Ran Jcsa.
!-- » Hanto Cnu. Paeiflo Orovs and
,;*-'¦ Prindpal War Stations l»i3O»
•»••« Ban Joae. BoWiter. Hunta Crus.
r»ciilo «lro»». Uailnaa. 8aa Lola
Obispoi Santa Barbara and Pria-
dpal Intermediate 8Ut!nns TiSOy
!•!»»* Baa Jose and War Stations.. 0:3O»
IIiSOa Hau Joaa awl Way Statlous »>a«*
ta.4tt»8»r. Matro. Uedwood, Uonlo Park. -¦
Palo Alto. RantaOIara. 8an J<»«. -
' ¦ HoUlster, 'Saute Crux. . Salicaa,
llontereyand Paoide firo»s tlOi43*
. tittr Ban Jose. Tret Plnos. Stuta Cros. • •
Padflo Grore and Way Blallous 4:10*
MllSr 8*o Josnauil Principal Way Stations w>43a
flillFSan Jom, Loa Gatoa and Principal
Way SUUona 1O:«O|
5; ItBOrQanJoie and Principal Way Stations o;:tCi
f iO«p Redwood, Ban Jose, Gllray, Salioa>
. Sauta Barbara, Los Angeles....;. loiO3»
. 0i3Or San Jose and Way .Statloua 1 *:•»<»*
Ml i4Sr San Joan and Way Statlona 7»se>r
A for M oral ng. P for A ftenioon.
f Bandar exeepted. J Sunday onlj. ..t; v .«
•Batarday only. « MomUy.
j iatnrda* and Bnaday. VTaaadaja and TrUaj*. ¦
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
823 Market st., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NVIGORA-'
tor and Nervine. : , . . .
The most wonderful aphrodlsiao and Special
Tonlo for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Us owa merits. .
NEW WESTERN. HOTEL, . .
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON . STS.-RB-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. Kuropean plan. Rooms, 50c' to $1 50 day;
$5 to »8 week; JS to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room ; elevator runs all ' night.
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry DepotL
"7 Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Aocal
Dally • Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
•' Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
'•Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
". Vlsalla... 3:40p 4:48a
" Bakrsfield 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
"Kan City J:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon. -
•9 a. ra. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No* second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. .is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express -with
throuBh Palace and Tourist ~ Sleepers and'
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. .m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Eakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points In San Joaquln • Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— €41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. ;
Fels & Co., makers,' Philadelphia.
Nobody wants the money
back; but your grocer is glad to
pay it. Fels-Naptha soap is worth
five times the cost. ; ,.,;
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F*rry. JFoot or Market fl»>
San Fpan:Uja to «>*n kau«.. - ~V
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 8:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
1:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11: JO p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips fct 1:j4
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9 :$0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. »:S3»
5:00, i:20 p. m.
' ; i,"-6an Rain -I lo Sun Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:50. J:20. 11:10 a, m.; 12:48.
3:40, S:15*p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:ai
and 6.33 p. m. ¦-¦ . .-. . *
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:13 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
E :05. 6:25 p. m. . ,;'..: -. -'.
Leavs I In Effect I Arrlv*
Ban Francisco. [April 18. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I | Sun- I •Wee*
Days. I days. I Destination. ; days. | Days.
7:30 am) 8:00 am Novato. 13:40 am 8:40 an
8:30 pm| 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm! 6:00 pm Santa Rosa- 7:35 pm C:tO pen
' Fulton.
¦ 7:10 am Windsor. 13:25 an
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40&m
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pmf 8:20 pm
• 7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:35 am
1:30 pml 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
' 7:30 am 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm - ¦¦
t :30 pm 5:00 pm : 6:30 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
• . and 1 I
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I <fl5 pml t:tO pm
7:30 ami 8:CO ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
»:3Q pml 5:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7:35 pml 6:20 p.-n
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for A'ltrurla.: -*t Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle- f or . Skagga Sprlnrs ; at Cloverdala
for tha Geysers; at Hopland for Duncai
Springs, Htehland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda. Bay. Lakeport and Bartlstt
Springs; at TJTciah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, * ott g* y al }?. y -
John Day's. Riverside. L!erley*s. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin HelKhts, Hullvills, Orr'a Ilot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brax?. West-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olson's. Dyer. • Scotl*
Saturday to Monday ronnd-trlD tickets at r»-
Sundays round-trip ticket* to afl point*
beyond San Rafael, at half rates. - s -;.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITING. ~ 7 R. X. RTAJT.
Gen. Manuager. Gen. Pass. Act. ,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.:
; V«a SoUsallto Ferry, g -;-:";
1 " ', Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLKT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. »9:30. 11 a. m., i
12:45^*1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, »6:15. S:*5 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and -11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:0O."»9:0O. '10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a m.. 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. *3:45. 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Trains' marked (•) run to San Quentin. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *5:25. . «:27, : 7:47, 8:35. 10:13
a, m *12:25 1:15. 2:20. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
• "EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at "6:43 'and 10:00 p. :m.
SUNDAYS-6:15. *8:0O, 9:45, .*ll:0O.a. m.. *12
m7. 1:00/ 2:15, •3:30, 4:30, 'SAS. 6:45, 7:30, 10:10
P 'T«ilns marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:S0
a. m- 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 8:50, 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. -
SUNDAYS- 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m..U:lS.
1-20 2-30 3:45. 5:00. 6:15," 7:15, 10:30 p. ,m.
¦-• THROUGH TRAINS. .
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
8"l1i P. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
• 8°M a.- m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions^ .'•.-" ¦ • - - • , •. ¦ ¦¦¦. .
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOt, AND DTTSTXESS. i
Sally Palaca and Tourist Sleop«rv
IMnlns Car. Meals a la Cart<v
• Uhrary Observation Car. .
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
EASTERN POINTS.
E. 8. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. <33 Market at.
Bartboldi's Famous Paintings,
"California of Old"
— and —
"California of To-Day," jj>-
Bcautifnlly reproduced incoloro^
in Admission Day Call— out" : '
next Sunday.
' FISCHER'S PATENT RAPID- ADJUSTINO
RIFLE ' SIGHT ' doubles . the value of your rifls
for \ hunting. ' Once •¦ used always " used. ' Ask
your : dealer for circular , or , send to FISCHER
&•, BENNETT, 420 Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco. .'.-." ¦- ' " i •¦¦•¦ '¦¦ •• ¦
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABHT ST. Established
In 1*54 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
diaease wearlogon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor erne* when
others fail. Try him. Charges tow.
<orr«cn»ranl«<i. OHorwrit*
Dr. JT. Jk\ <UBSO.\. aaa Francisco. Cal. _ ¦
-- ' Tto ImtllK Wvrj— Wm * aflUrkt St.
f»^-^ ..»-WBBK DAYS..... f^:-*
8:00 a. M-1 12:15 p.m.
9KK)a. U. ' „-. • laSP. X.
IO.-00 A. M. I - ¦TTfm A V» , MJS0 r * **•
JiaO A. M. I ' SUNDATB....... < 4^50 f. K.
130 P. U. 6-SOr. K.
liUOr.'M.. x x 17:10».m.
Fare. Su rrualiw •• SiBtft n< Rrtvi, |I.«a :-
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.. & Sansalito Ferry,
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
AD VERTISEMEIiTS. :
DR.MEYERS&CO. Jgffig^'
Specialist. Disease -W&if
and weakness of «
men. Established 9&k *m» '&$
18SL 'Consultation' T(Vl. %E?Sf .^1
and private book V*\S^ \\
free, at office or by V3|(it v Jfak&Xt.
mail. Cure3 guar- \*j^£)ZiB&Mir
anteed. 731 Mar- f?^^^
ket street (eleva- Jv "^^ft^/jp
tor entrance), San 'California Fruit Sales.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Here is a heartrending tale. A year
ago a demoiselle in Paris -won first prize
in a much-heralded beauty contest. A
dressmaker, scenting: advertisement, paicl
the lady. 30,000 francs a year to wear his
costumes exclusively. A rival dress
maker, with envy In fcls heart, offered
her another salary on condition that she
should circulate the statement that, while
she wore the gowns of the first, it 'was
only for the sake of the salary, and ,
down., deep In her soul she preferred the 1 /
gowns of the second. She succumbed tol\
th« - temptation, and now\ there is a law-v
ault on and she bids fair to get neither
payment.— New York Press.
Trade Competition in Paris.
Silver, ¦ per ; ounce — ' 5S%
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ 47 © 47%
The steamer . Sierra ; from . Sydney, on j the 3d
for this port has £500,000 in English sovereigns.
Sterling Exchange, 60 ' days. . ....'—; $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight ........-— .. 4 86%
Sterling Cables — .- . 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight..:... — /. 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . - • 11%
Exchange and Bullion*
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I *-' * B r. ...
4s quar coup.. 113 113% Us qr c <new).137- us
4s quar reg... 112 112% 3s quar coup l(W«i _
- .MISCELLANEOUS BONDS "
Bay C P C 68.105% — Oceanic SS 5sll01 —
Cal-st 5s 117 — Omnibus C 6s 122
C^3 Water 5s. — 108 Pac G imo 4s — livl
Ed L & P 6s..l28%133Vi Pk & Cl H 6s 108 imt
Fer & CT R 6s. - - Pk &'O R 6s"m T? 4
Geary-st 6s.... — — Powll-st R 6s — "
H C & S 5%s.lO6% - SacSORhB I-
Do 5s — . — - S F & SJV 6s 1M -line
Los Ang R 5s.ll7% - Sierr? Cal te —
L A Light 6s.l01% — S P of A 6s •
Do gntd 6S..100 — . (1909) .... i 1JU
Do gntd 5s.. 102 — (1910) .....[ '.'. muiis*
L A & Pac 6s.lO2% — S P or c'-g- 113 * 1^*
Do 1 c m 6s. — — (1905), Ser A.109% _ •
Mkt-st Cab 6s..— 129 - (1905), Ser B.lio2iin«
Do 1 c m 5s. - 122% (1906)7;.... n^iu 4
NevCNG 7B.105 M14 (1912)'..-. ....122 12*1/
N Rof Cal 6S.112 - S P of Call 1st
Do 5s ...121% — " - c gntd 6s 107 >
Nor Pac C 6s.l01% — SP Br Cal 6s 138 —
Do 5s 105%106 7 } V Water 6s.lll«ii?
Nor Cal.R 6s.Ul - Do 4s...... .„- iJL
Oak Gas 6s....U3%U4 ¦ Do 4s 3d m.!l01 _*
Do Trans 6s.l20% — Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 —
Do Water 6s.l02%103 . . .
FRIDAY. Sept. »-l p. m.
September. 1901. X> -
S. M. I T. W. T. F. 3. Moon's Phases.
TTTTT7T (? Stptemtwr 5.
: : ii. Last Quarter.
_J_ J_ Jf_ _^_ J2_ J3_ _14_ _ September U.
15 16 17 18 13 20 21 5*_NewMoon._
September 20,
First Quarter.
29 30 ¦• f \ September 27.
' \£) FuU Moon. _
NEW YORK, Sept 6.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at principal cities for the week ended
September 6, with the percentage of , Increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year: . •-
Percentage.
¦ Cities — Amount. . Inc. Dec.
New York $834,265,679 J '. 46.4
Chicago -144,622,904. ' 2.6
Boston 94.170,518 , 17.7
Philadelphia 83.488.02i 28.2 ..:.
St. Louis 39.828,678 46.3 , ....
Pittsburg 26.909,292 13.1 .
I Baltimore 18,781,733 14.1 ....
San Francisco 21.494.8S0 20.1 ....
Cincinnati.. 15.754,250 .27.8- ....
1 Kansas City 16,550,229 ¦ 8.6
Minneapolis .....-...- 13.190,464 28.0 ....
J Cleveland , 11,468,869 11. 4 .. .
New. Orleans 7,527,906 5.5
j Detroit ; • '8,986,936 13.6
Louisville ..; 9.179.012. 19.0 ..'.'.
Indianapolis 7.1E2.931 50.3'
Providence '. .... 4,353.100 *. 5.3 :
Omaha 6,283.729 ;... - 3 3
Milwaukee ...;..... 6.774,783 -21.2
Buffalo 6,067.774 7.8
St. Paul .. 4.137.4C8 7.8 ' '*;'.'.
Savannah ...:. 1,607,639 ¦ • eo.9
Denver...; - 3.793.S91 l 3.1
St. Joseph' 4,830,872 39.6" "«..;
Richmond: 3.321.706 29.6 .. .
J Memphis 1,404,663 -16.8 ....
CALL CALENDAR.
Wheat and Other] Grains.
WHEAT— Paris . and ; Liverpool futures were
both higher. - '.'. .•'; ' - . \
Chicago was dull but firm at the opening, -but
prices." subsequently i shaded off. '> The -visible
supply.; waB increasing and foreign ; and ? sea
board advices were bearish. Exporters report
ed fewer bids and a lessened demand for all
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Steady. State, 1
NEW YORK. Sept. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18.712 barrels; exports, 4789 barrels; sales, 9300
packages, j Market dull and not so firm,, clos
ing 'easy with wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 88,200 bushels. Sales.
1,875,000 bushels futures , and . 320,000 j bushels
Bpot. Spot— Easy. No. 2 red, 76%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 75c elevator; • No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 76%c f. o. b.. afloat; No.. 1 hard
Duluth, nominal. Options — Opened steady on
cables - and the corn strength, but eventually
gave way j under bear attacks, . disappointing
export demand, heavy Northwest receipts and
liquidation; closed easy at %c decline. Sales
included: No. 2 ,red May, 79%@80%c closed
79%c: September, 76®75 9-16c, ¦ closed 75c;"De
cember closed 76%c. ...
HOPS— Quiet.- 1
. HIDES— Steady. '
WOOL— Qalet. . •
COFFEE— Closed weak., at. unchanged prices.
Total sales, 5750 - bags, 'including: September,
$4 70; October, $4 75; March, $5 25;'May. $5 35.
Spot— Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 6 9-16c; mild,
quiet; Cordova, S@ll%c. i»*j
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining-, 3 5-16c;
centrifugal, 96. -test, 3%c; molasses, sugar.
t 1-iec. • Refined— Firm." No. 6. 4.70c; ' No. 7,~
4.60c; No. 8, 4.60c.
• BUTTER— Receipts, 1693 .' packages ; .firm.
State, dairy, -14@l9c; creamery. 16020c ; Jure
packed dairy, 14%©15%c. .
EGGS — Receipts, 7733 packages; steady. State
and Pennsylvania, 18(g20c;, Western candled,
17018c; ¦ Western • uncandled, 14017c. ' . : ; >•_; ¦
Business was very dull on the morning. ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, and there wer»
no fluctuations worthy of note. The oil struck,
were also dull and featureless. «ocks
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— Money on call firm
at 3@3%; last loan, 3 per cent; ruling rates, 4
per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 6@5% per
cent. Sterling exchange easy, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 86% for de
mand and (4 83% for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4 84% and $4 87. Commercial bills, $4 82Vi@
4 82%. Bar sliver, 58%c. Mexican . dollars,
45%C. • ¦ . • ¦ , ' • V
I Bonds— Government, • steady; State, strong;
railroad. Irregular.
New York Money Market.
PEARS— Bartletts, $101 60 per box fop No. 1,
50@90c for No. • 2 • and $30040 - per ton;- other
Pears, ' 25@50c per bor. , '. '. ¦-.,¦¦¦
QUINCES— 35@50c per box. ¦
STRA- WBERRIES ~* 7 ® 8 per cheat for Long
worths and : $3 6005 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@« per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5@8- per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6®8c per lb.' ¦
FIGS— Black, 26075c for. double layer boxes;
White, 25050c. ' ' .
MELONS— Nutmegs, ¦ 60@75o per • box; ¦ Canta
loupes, $1@1 50 per -crate;- Watermelons, $50
25 per 100. ¦ .- ' ¦ . ¦ . ' -
GRAPES-rLarge open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and ' crates,
which are quoted as -follows: Fontainehleau
and Sweetwater, 25©40c per .-box .and — crate;
Tokay, 40060c per box; Muscat, 40060c; Seed
less, , 65090c; t. Black, 40050c; Isabella/ 75c0$l;
Wine Grapes,- $25@26 per ton for Zlnfandel.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 60c@$3; . Lemons,
$1@1 25 for common and $2 60@3 for good ¦ to
APPLES — 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35@65c for ordinary. ,
CRABAPPLES— 60075c per box. according? to
package. ' • ' : .-
PLUMS— 20@50e per- box;. Prunes, 80®«0o per
crate; Washington Gages, . $20 per ton; Egg
Plums. $15@20 per ton. ¦
PEACHES— 25065c per box and $10025 per
ton for Frees and $20040 for Clings; Peaches in
carriers, . 40085c. according to size of carrier-
Mountain Peaches,_ 60075c per box.. .
NECTARINES— white.' per box; Red,
40075c. ¦ '•'¦' "¦' - -¦¦
POMEGRANATES— $1 25 per box. •
Berries are bringing rather more than they
usually do at this time of the year, and sell
well right along.
Citrus fruits continue dull and weak.
. . : « DECIDUOUS FRUITS. .
Grapes are slow. of : eale and. weak, with
plenty offering. Peaches > in 'bulk are in good
supply , and not materially , changed. - . There is
less demand for Figs, and they are lower. - '
Another advance in Cantaloupes Is noted, and
Nutmegs are also firm. Both descriptions are
firmly held and In moderate receipt, j Water
melons show no change of Importance. :• i •
Choice : Bartlett • Pears from Lake County are
bringing . $1 50 per box. - They are , almost
through from; the large districts. They have
done very well this | year, there having been
no midsummer glut, which is something un
usual. ¦ ~ . ' * _ ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Review of Trade to-morrow will say: A holi
day reduced the volume of legitimate business.
while speculative operations were seriously, cur
tailed by the general closing of exchanges
from Friday, af ternoon ;' to Tuesday .morning.
In the movement of merchandise and in many
manufacturing lines there has been efTort to
make up the loss by working- ' overtime, but
the week's record will fall behind those im
mediately preceding. Actual sales of many
iron and steel products are reckoned at ma
terial advances and the tone throughout has
been hardened by vigorous demand. Placing
of sample orders for spring footwear Is of such
character, as to indicate a healthy market and
some Jobbers are so anxious for early delivery
that contracts are being closed now. Despite
that acti\'ity in the market for cotton Roods
and placing of Government contracts the staple
shows no great strength. Although unsettled
in. tone little alteration occurred in the prin
cipal cereals. Trading was restricted and there
was an apparent declination to assume' an
aggressive stand on either side of the market.
Commercial failures during • the ' month of
August were 803 In number and $9,468,866 in
amount of liabilities. • Compared with the same
month last year the statement is ' most satis
factory, as failures were then only 735 in num
ber and $7,323,903 in amount.
New* York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Sept." 6.— The market for metals
in a general' way was quiet Orders
came in -slowly, and . strictly .- for weekly
evening up of accounts. Tin was slightly easier
under lack of support and the decline abroad.
Trading was slow with . the close -. easy at
$25 35@25 55. Spot tin in London was quoted
at £114 17s 6d, and futures at £113 2s 6d.
Copper in London advanced 7s 6d on light
buying orders. Spot closed steady at £67 2s 6d
and futures £67 10s. Lake, Superior copper in
local circles was nominally unchanged at 16%
@17c and 16%©16%c for casting and electrolytic.
Lead was without change here at $4 37%,
while values abroad advanced Is 3d to ill 18s
9d for spot. Spelter declined in London £16
7s ' ed^ but was dull and unchanged here at
$14. Domestic iron markets were inactive and
nominally as before quoted. Pigiron warrants,
$9@10; No. 1 Northern foundry, $15@15 60; No.
2, Southern foundry, $14@14 60; No. 1 foundry,
$14 75015 25. No. J 1 t Southern < foundry, soft,
$14 60015 25. Glasgow warrants closed at 63s
8d and Mlddlesboro closed at '46s 3d.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept 6.-Consols, 8315-16: silver.
26 16-16d; French rentes, lOlf S7%c; cargoes on
passage, : less inquiry; cargoes .Walla Walla,
28s 3d; English' country ¦ markets, part 6d
cheaper. ¦ . . .
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 6.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California. 6s ll%d@6s; wheat in Paris,
steady; flour in Paris, steady; French country
markets, quiet . and ' steady; weather in Eng
land, fine. ••¦ ¦ . .-. .* ' - . . ¦ • ¦
COTTON-Uplands, 4 27-82d.
Flour, qr sks..... 28,689 Mustard, ska... gfl
Wheat,. ctls...;... 24.235 Wool, sks 93
Barley, ctls 67,348 Feed, sks 200
Oats, ctls 6,380 Sugar, ctls 8 038
Beans, sks... 467 Tallow, ctls 230
Corn, ctls. 14n Hides, No. 45s
Potatoes, sks 6,230 Pelts, bdls 609
Onions, sks. 1,536 Wine, gals 17 450
Bran, sks 520 Leather, rolls.... '134
Middlings, sks... 230 Quicksilver, fiaks 49
Straw, tons 20 Lime, bbls 1x2
Hay. tons 645 Chicory, bbls.... 25
Hops, bales....... 48 • ~
. ¦ *" OREGON. '¦ .
Oats. ctls... ....... 410 : "*.
FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER «.
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales High Low Close
Atchison 13,500 78% 77% 78?4
Atchison pfd 1,000 98 87% VjCL
Baltimore & Ohio 1,300 104% 103% 104
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 900 93% 8J 93%
Canadian Pacific, ex-div 6,700 113 111% 112^
Canada Southern 100 70% 70% 70
Chesapeake & Ohio 700 47% 47 47
Chicago & Alton 400 40 39% M«
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 100 79 79 im
Chicago Ind & Louis... 4,100 41% 40 40H
Chicago Ind * L pfd . 300 ¦ 74% 73% 73
Chicago & Eastern III... 600 131% 129% 131
Chicago & Gt Western.. 600 2S 24% 2414
Chicago & G W.A p(d „ wif
Chdago & O W B pfd 4g «
Chicago & Northwestrn 195 ~
Chicago Rock led & Pae - 600 144% 144% 143
Chicago Term & Trans 1,100 23% 22% 23
Chicago Term &T pfd.. 600 43 42H 42V4
C C C & 6t Louis 600 93 92% 92%
Colorado Southern 800 15% 15% ¦ 15%
Colorado So 1st pfd 200. 56% 16% .56U
Colorado So 2d pfd 1.000 26% 25% 26U
Delaware & Hudson 3.000 167% 166% ' 167%
Delaware Lack & West .... 223
Denver & Rio Grande... 400 49 48% 48
Denver & R Grande pfd 9$
Erie 2.700 44% 48% 44
Erie let pfd 2.500 72% 71% 72
Erie 2d pfd 2.700 69 58% 68%
Great Northern pfd L000 186% 186 186%
Hocking Valley 600 54% 63% 54
Hocking Valley pfd 100 76 76 75
Illinois Central 800 147 147 146
Iowa Central .... 3$
fowa Central pfd J 75
Lake Erie & Western... • .... ' 64
Lake Erie & West pfd.. 6O0 12S% 128% J27
Louisville & Nashville.. 2.500 105 .104%. 104%
Manhattan L 3,500 119% 11S% 118^
Metropolitan Street Ry. 400 168 167 ; MS
Mexican Central 600 T6% 25% . 2S'.£
NEW YORK. Sept. 6. — Professional operators
who were alone concerned in yesterday's mar
ket for stocks had even more difficulty to-day
to induce any movement of pricee and the
direction of the movement was also more shift
ing and uncertain. The volume of tmsineea
fell back to about the lowest of the year for
a full day's trading. The uncertainty of the
money outlook prompted the restriction of out
lay in etocks, while the strength of the gen
eral situation continues equally efficacious in
deterring holders from selling. The usual
¦weekly forecast of the weekly changes of the
caeh reserves of the bank which is compiled
from statement* furnished by the banks them
selves was awaited with unusual interest to
day. The market was inclined to rally on. the
bank statement and on the absence of a flurry
in the call money market which was expected
on account of the special demand usual on
Friday. The rtee in New York exchange at
Chicago to 40c discount, compared, with 60c
discount earlier in the week. Indicated relaxed
pressure for 'funde. The high point touched
for call loans was<% per cent.- and it was only
momentarily held. There was a very small
business in railroad bonds. The price move
ments were unimportant. Total sales. $68o 000
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
Nr<v York Stock Market.
Dun's Review of Trade.
LONDON. Sept. 6.— Anaconda, 9%; Atchieon.
80%; Canadian Pacific, 117%; Denver and Rio
Grande, 50: do. prefd.. 99; Northern Pacific
prefd., 101%: Southern Pacific, 60%; Union Pa
cific, 103; do. prefd.. 91.
Bar silver, dull, 26 15-16d per ounce.
Money, 1%@1% per cent.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. Sept. 6.— The Commercial, Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was . firm but
featureless and business was somewhat retard
ed by the holiday to-morrow and the settle
ment next week.
American shares orened dull, but were soon
fractionally above parity. Norfolk and West
ern, Erie' and Atchison were the favorites.
New York's response to the better tone caused
a steady finish. Speculation In this department
has been somewhat checked by a feeling of
nervousness over the showing; to be made by
the- New York bank statement - to-morrow.
Money rules steady.
London Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The firmness in Eggs continues and the mar
ket is still creeping up, with comparatively
light offerings. There are free stocks in cold
storage, however, and more or less Eastern
offering. • , : . ¦ .
Cheese is steady at the slight advance al
ready reported.
Butter continues topheavy. The recent rapid
advance drew out a good deal of -stored and
Eastern stock, which the- retailers are now
offering- to their customers, and fresh Butter
Is" therefore now paying for its -late. boom.
The tendency is downward.
Receipts were 21,500 pounds of ¦ Butter, 618
cases of Eggs, 400 cases of Eastern Eggs,. 34, 700
pounds of California Cheese and - — pounds
of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 25@26c per lb for fancy
and 23@24c for seconds; dairy, 18@23c; . store
Butter, 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 18@20c;
Pickled Roll, 17019c; Keg, 16©18c per lb.
CHEESE — New, 11011%c; old, nominal:
Young America, 12©12%c per lb; .Eastern, 13
©lac. . ,. • '
EGGS— Ranch, : 26@3Oc for good to fancy;
store, 17%@23c per dozen ; Eastern, 16021a
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK, Sept.' 6.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review will say to-morrow: As the Stock
Exchange was closed Saturday until -Monday,
which was a legal holiday. Wall street had a
short week. When business was resumed on
Tuesday there was a decided change in senti
ment, due to the fact that last week's bank
statement was more unfavorable than had been
anticipated. ! The loss of $6,000,000 in reserve
by the banks and the reduction of surplus re
serves to about $11,900,000 created more or less
apprehension regarding the money market,
which was increased by the reduction. In the
supply . of time money and the hardening of
call loan rates, which advanced to 3% per cent.
The idea found expression that if the experi
ence of two years ago was repeated and the
bank reserves were further depleted exceed
ingly firm rates for money might result and
the stock market receive a decided , setback.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and 11012c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 20c;
Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings, $1 6001 75;
Ducks. $3@3 50 for old. and $3 6005 for young;
Hens. $3@)4 for common and . $4 60@5 60 for
choice; young Rooeters, $505 50; old Roosters,
$404 50; Fryers. $404 50; Broilers, $3©3 60 for
large and $2 2502 75 for small; Pigeons, $1250
1 60 - per dozen for old and $1 25@1 60 for
Squabs. ; . . ¦. -
GAME — Doves, per dozen. 75c@$l; Hare. 60c
0$1; Rabbits, $101 25 for Cottontail and $1 for
Brush.
The market stands the same all around, and
is quiet and featureless.
Poultry and Game.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
An area of high pressure overlies the British
posecsEions north of Montana while the area
of low pressure over Northern Nevada this
morning- lias apparently divided, a portion mov
ing: southward to Southern Nevada and South
eastern California, and a small portion overlies
the upper Sacramento Valley. /
The temperature has fallen over Northeastern
-California and the plateau region and remained
nearly stationary along the coast and over
Southern California. •
Light rain has fallen over Washington, Ore
gon and Northern Nevada.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 7, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; ¦ cooler;
frefh southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; cooler;
light west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday; cooler; fresh -west
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday:
fresh southwest wind. q
Local Forecast Official, Temporarily in Charge.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
HOGS— Receipts, 4900; market . opened 6@10c
higher. Light and light mixed, $6 2006 60;
medium and heavy, $6 37%@6 SO; pigs, $3 60@6;
bulk. $6 45(36 60. • -
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000; ! market steady to 10c
lower. Lambs, 10015c off.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 6,-CATTLE-Re
celpts, 1700 ; market steady to 10c lower. Na
tives, $2 80®6 20; cows and heifers, $1@4 85;
bulls and stags, $2@4 50; etockers and feeders,
$2@3 75; veals, $2 25@5 25. , , , ;
SHEEP— Receipts, £000; sheep and lambs,
firm. Good to choice wethers, $3 6604 20; fair
to choice ; mixed, $3 30®>3 70; ¦ Western sheep,
$3 25@3 9* native lambs, $3@3 86; Western
lambs, $4@4 75.
ST. JOSEPH,
HOGS— Receipts, 16,000; to-morrow, 17,000;
left over, 5000; 5010c higher; active.- ' Mixed
and butchers'. $6 05@6 95; good to choice heavy.
S6 45@7; rough heavy. $6 05@6 40; light. $6 05®
6 85; bulk of sales, $6 30@6 60.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3500.
including 600 Texans; generally. strong, active;
butchers' stock about steady. Good to prime
steers, $5 60(36 50; poor to medium, $4@4 60;
stockers and feeders, slow,- $2 2504 25; cows,
$2 3504 75; heifers, $2 40@6 50; canners*. $1 50
@2 35; bulls, strong, $2 75@4 75; calves, " 10@15c
higher, $3®6 35; Texas fed steers, $4 10<g5 25;
Texas grass steers, $3 30@4 10; Western steers,
$4-1005 25. ...
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
Exports of Specie.
Exports of specie from this port durlnr the
first eight months of the year were $6,700,622,
against $15,315,304 for the same time In 1900.
the leading descriptions being as follows: Gold
bullion. J219.31S; sllv«r bullion. $2,409,120: Mexi
can dollars, 12,132.021; silver coin. $166,611; gold
coin. $1,161,317; currency and bonds, $512,468.
The U-adine destinations were: China, $4,-
ClS,4!i2; Mexico, $100,000; New York, $1,949,150.
Government Money Here.
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash
en hand August 31 as follows:
United States notes $11,819 00
Treasury notes of 1900 3.079 00
National Bank notes.. 22.340 00
Silver certificates 2L725 00
Gold coin 29,414,765 11
Standard silver dollars SL 911, 548 00
Subsidiary silver coin 253.942 35
Minor coin 19.175 95
Coupons 1.946 30
Miscellaneous -~ 141 90
Total $61,660,682 61
The shipments of silver during the month
were as follows:
Standard silver dollars $199,000
Fractional silver coin 209.930
Tctal $408,930
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. «-« p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re-^
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 5S; Mount Tamalpais, 66; Independ
ence, 84; Red Bluff. 82; Fresno, 82; Los Ange
les, 72; Sacramento, 80; San Luis Obispo. 66;
Ean Diego. 68.
San FranclBCo data: Maximum temperature,
62: minimum, 52; mean, 57.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern cities:
liostcn, £8-68; Cincinnati, 88-66; Jacksonville,
84-72; Kansas City. 90-70; Philadelphia, 88-68;
Washington. 88-64; New Tork. 98-70.
THE COAST RECORD. -__^
a a s o s 3
STATIONS. I |3ii-*£ It «
I ii?n§ r I
• : I • ; o
Astoria 29.96 64 60 SW Cloudy .01
Baker 29.92 50 42 NW Rain .14
Carson 29.78 70 62 W Clear .00
Eureka 29.96 58 44 NW Clear .00
Fresno 29-80 94 58 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 23.98-74 38 SW Clear .00
Pocatello Idaho.2».S4 80 50 W Pt Cldy .00
Independence ....29.56 84 58 NW Clear .00
Los Angeles 29.86 72 60 W Clear * .00
Phoenix 29.68 98 68 N Clear .00
Portland i.. 29.98 60 50 S Pt Cldy T.
Red Bluff 29.68 82 64 E Clear .00
Roseburg 29.96 70 42 E Rain .01
Sacramento ..'....29.83 80 62 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.64 84 60 SW Clear .00
San Francisco ...29.90 62 62 SW Clear .00
San Luis Obispo. 3. 92 66 64 W - Pt Cldy T.
San Diego 29.86 68 64 XW Clear .00
Seattle 3.98 68 48 S Cloudy .00
fipokane 30.00 62 48 NE Cloudy .03
Neah Bay 29.96 68 46 E Clear .00
Walla Walla 30.00 64 48 W Rain .42
Winnemucca 29.80 62 42 NW Clear .00
Yuma 29.66 98 66 W Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 64.
CHICAGO. Sept. 6.— The Earl' Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day . at tha
following prices: . Pears-^Bartletts,' ' boxes, $150
©2 60, average $2 15; Bartletts, half boxes, 500
90c,' average 71c. Grapes— Muscats, single
crates, Soc.it tl 10, average $1 06; Malagas, single
crates, 75@80c, average 77c. Peaches — George's
Late, boxes, 35@55c, average - 48c ; - Sal way s,
boxes, 65@75c, . average 59c. Dry a!nd cool
weather. Ten cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK,' Sept.* 6.— The , Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to-'
day are as followB: , Grapes— Tolcay, single
orates," $1 1501 85, average* $14J; "Muscat, V'single
crates, $1 Oagl 15, average a $l 10; Malagas, single
crates, 65c@|2 26, 'average $1 08. : Peaches — Sal
ways, boxes, 35@95c, average 69c; George" s
Late, 75c@U 05, average 99c; McDevltt's Cling,
boxes, 90c@$l 45, average $1 19. Nineteen cars
cold to-day. ,. Weather. favorable. . . | , ,.
Mexican National 12,900 14% 18 18%'
Minneapolis & St Louis. 200 108 108 108 .
Missouri . Pacific 1.700 106 106% 106
Missouri Kansas & Tex 500 80% >0 SO
Missouri Kans & T pfd. 600 67H 66% 66%
New Jersey Central 100 165 165 164
New York Central 1,200 164% 164% 164%
Norfolk & Western 6,000 56% 66% 66%
Norfolk & Westrn pfd 89
Northern Pacific pfd.... 200 97% 97% 97
Ontario & Western 1,600 36% 35% 85%
P C C & St Louis ";.... .... .... 71
Pennsylvania 4.700 146% 146 145%
Reading 1,700 . 44H 44 44
Reading 1st pfd 800 78% 77 77%
Reading Id pfd 1.200 55H 6514 66%
St Louis & San Fran... 300 45% ;45% 45
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 82
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 300 70% 69 69
St Louis Southwestern 81
St Louis Southwest pfd 61%
St Paul 7,600 165% 164% 165%
St Paul pfd 190
Southern Pacific -7,200 58% 68% 6SH
Southern Railway 6.300 33'4 32% 3Z%
Southern Railway pfd.. 2.100 88% 88%- 88%
Texas & Pacific ;.. 1.400 45& 44 45
Toledo St Louis & West .... .... -20%
Toledo St L & West pfd 84
Union Pacific 22.400 100% 99% 100%
Union Pacific pfd 200 89%. 89 89
Wabash 900 23% 22% 23\
Wabash pfd 400 41V t 40% 41
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 300 18% 18% 18%
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd. 30
Wisconsin Central 1.000 23 22 22
Wisconsin Central pfd • 44
Express Companies — !
Adams 178
American 190
United States 200 98 » 98
Wells Farro .... 160
' Miscellaneous — ' ¦
Amalgamated Copper... 23.300 117% 116% 117%
Amer Car & Found L200 30% 30 30%
Amer Car & Found pfd. 200 87 87 87
Amer Linseed Oil..* 27-
Amer Linseed OH pfd... 100 62 62 63
Amer Smelt & Ref 23,000 60U 47% 48%
Amer Smelt & Ref pfd. 1.200 99% 98% 98%
Amer Tobacco 400 137% 137% 137%
Anaconda Mining Co 400 47 46% 46%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit. 8.000 72U 70H 71%
Colo Fuel & Iron 2.700 102 99% S8
Consolidated Gas 1,100 225% 224% 225%
Continental Tobacco .... 68%
Continental Tobacco pfd ..' ¦ 118
General Electric 800 267 286 264
Glucose Sugar 800 69% 69 58%
Hocking Coal 100 19 19 1»
International Paper 6,800 25% 24 25%
International Paper pfd 6.400 81 80 81%
International Power 1,000 93 97% 97%
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit 4414
National Lead 20
National Salt 800 41% 4J 42
National Salt pfd. 100 76% 76% 76%
North American 100 100 100 89
Pacific Coast 100 68% 68% .68=%
Pacific Mail 700 43% 43 43%
People's Gas L200 111% 111% 111%
Pressed Steel Car 200 42 42 41%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 200 82 ¦ 82 82%
Pullman Palace Car 300 215 - 210 ' - 209
Republic Steel 300 19 19% li>%
Republic Steel pfd 1,000 74 72% 73
Sugar 3,600 134% 133% 133%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 1,900 67% ? 66% 66%
Union Bag & Paper Co. . ' 200 17% 17% ' 17%
Union B & Paper Co pfd 300 74 74 73%
U S Leather ;.. 2,900 13% 13% 13%
U S Leather pfd 1,300 83%. 82% 82%
Tj S Rubber 100 19% 19% 19%
U S Rubber pfd 300 58 " 67 56
U S Steel 13,200 45% 44% 46'
U S Bteel pfd 600 95% 94% 94%
Western Union 400 93% 93% 93%
Total sales 311,700
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 107% Hocking Val 4%s..l06
U S ref 2s cpup...l07% L. & N Uni 4s 101%
U S 3s reg 108% Mex Central 4s.... 86
U S 3s coup :..108% Mex Cent 1st inc.. 33%
U S new 4s reg 137 Minn & St L 4s.. ..103
U S new 4s coup. .137 M K & T 4s 98%
U S old 4s reg.. ..112 M K & T 2ds 83%
U S old 4s coup.. 113 N Y Cent lsts 105%
U S 5s reg 107% N Y Cent gen 3%s.lO9%
U S os coup.. 108% N J Cent gen 5s.. .129 .
Atchison ren 4s... 103% N Pacific 4s 104%
Atchison adj 4s 97% N Pacific 3s 92%
Bait & Ohio 4s 103% N & W con 4s 102%
Bait & Ohio 3%s.. 95 Reading Gen 4s.... 96
B & O con 4s 106%|S L & I M con 5s.ll6%
Canada So 2ds....'.107 'S L & S F 4s 95
Central of Ga 5s.. .107% St L Swstern lsts.. 97%
Cent of Ga 1st inc. 82 S L Swstern 2ds . 77
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO5% S A & A P 4s 86%
ChKO & Alton 3%s. 84% So Pacific 4s 92%
CB4Q new 4s... 97% So Railway 6s 116%
C; M & S P g-en 4s. 110',; Tex & Pac lsts 119
C & NW con 7s 136% T St L & W 4s.... 84
C R I & Pac 4s.... 106% Union Pacific 4s.... 105%
C C C & SLgen 4s.lO3 U Pacific con 4s... 107%
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 95 Wabash lsts 119
Colo & So 4s 88% Wabash 2ds ill
D & R G 4s 102% Wabash deb B C4%
Erie prior lien 4s.. 98»4 West Shore 4s 113%
Erie General 4s... 88Ji W & L E,4s 9174
F W & D C lsts.,102 IWis Cent 4s ,89%
Meats, per pound-
Bacon 15020 Round Steak. lev?— .
Beaf. choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak II®—.
Do, good 10® — Tenderloin do 15@—
Corned Beef 10@— Porterhouse do..l7%®20.
Ham ..15018 Smoked Beef 20#—
Lard .....— 015 Pork, salt 10®12%
Mutton 10@12 Pork Chops 15@1S
Lamb 12® — Pork Sausage*.. 12%®l»
Pork, fresh 15®— Veal 12®—
Fruits and Nuts-
Alligator Pears, Nutmeg Melons.
per dozen $34JS each &®i»
Almonds 15@20 Peaches, per lb... 4© t
Apples 8® 5 Pears, lb 30 8
Bananas, dos.....;l502S Plums, lb 4® 1
Blackberries, dwr.30©40 Pineapples each.. 25033
Cantaloupes, each. 10015 Pomegranates, ds.500—
Crab Apples 4® 6 Quinces, per lb... 3® 5
Figs, per lb 12015 Raisins, per lb 6<31S
Grapes per lb.... 5@ 8 Raspberries. dwr.40©50
Huckleberries, lb.100— Strawberries, per
Oranges, do* 25050 drawer «XS60
Limes, doa 10012 Walnuts, per lb..l5«2O
Lemons, doa 20030 Watermelons, ea.10035
Nectarines ........ 6® S
Vegetables-
Asparagus, per lb S015Oni<ms, per lb.-.. 1®. 1
Artichokes. do*...25@SO Leeks, doa behs...l5229
Beets, doa 100— Okra. green. lb..S@12%
Beans, white, lb.. 6@— Green Peppers, lb. 5® S
Colored, per lb.. 6®— Potatoes, per lb..2©2H
Dried Lima, lb.. 60 8 Sweet Potatoes.lb 40 5
Green Lima, lb... 4® 6 Parsnips, per dz..lO®—
Cranberry Beans.. 60— Radishes, dz bchs.13020
Cabbage, each 6®— Sage, dos bnchs...25®30
Cauliflowers, each 60— String Beans, lb- 4® S
Celery, head 6®— Summer Squash.
Cress doz bnchs. ..15020 per pound 4® 5
Cucumbers, doz.. .10015 Sprouts, per lb... 6#—
Egg. Plant, lb 4® 6 Spinach, per lb... 50—
Green Peas, lb 4@ 6 Thyme doa bchs..25'j30
Green Corn. doa.. 10020 Turnips, per doa.. 100—
Lettuce, per doa.. 15020 Tomatoes, per lb.. 4® I
Mushrooms, pr lb.30@40
Fish-
First National.306 213 Striped Bass 12%®—
Carp — ®— Saa. Basa 12%0-—
Catfish 10@— Smelts 12%®--
Codfish 12013 Soles 8019
Flounders 8®10 Skates, each 8010
Halibut 12%®15 Squid ..— ®—
Herring — ®— Tomcod 100—
Mackerel -15®— Turbot 12%«2i>
Do. horse 100— Trout 20025
Perch — @— Whlteflsh 100—
Pompino :....40@60 Clams, gallon 500—
Rockcod 10012% Do, hardshell, lb 8S10
Rockflsh 10@l2Vi Crabs, each 150?>
Salmon. fresh...lO@12% Crawfish 8019
Do 'smoked 15040 Mussels, quart. ...-0—
Sardines 100— Oysters. Cal. 100..40<SiO
Shrimps — @_ Do. Eastern. dz.25@40
Shad — fj—
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60060 Ducks, each 40050
Young Roosters, Geese, each..$l J5@l 60
each 50075 Pigeons, pair 40050
Old Roosters, ea...4O@60 Doves, pr dx.$l 25@1 60
Fryers, each 40050 Rabbits, pair.. ....40(3—
Broilers, each 40^50 Hare, each .— ©20
Turkeys, per lb... 15020
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice, sq.!0<gS0 Common Egrgn 2S®2?
Do. good 40#45 Ranch Eggs, per
Packed, per lb.... 250— dozen 8O03S
Cheese, Cal 15017 Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern. ..17#20 pound 15®29
Cheese, Swiss 2O@35 Do. extractad.... 8@10
Fruits and Vegetables are about as usual at
this time of the year. Freestone Peaches and
Bartlett Pears are drawing toward the close
of their season and Grapes will be tha leading
fruit from now on. Potatoes, which have been
unusually dear, owing to tha remarkabla de
mand for them from the Western States, are
getting cheaper at wholesale, and as they are
now arrivinr In larger quantities the indica
tions are for lower prices shortly.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ ® 12 00! Southfleld
¦Wellington .. 011 CO •Wellington f— «11 M
Seattle » 00® Coos, Bay.... Q 1 »
Eggs continue to ri»e. Cheese Is also dearer.
Butter l» going down In the wholesale markets,
but the retail price* show llttla change as
yet. Consumers ara Uklsc to pickled and
Eastern Butter, owing; to the nigh prices for
the fresh goods.
Poultry and Meats stand about the same as
last week. The tendency in Meats is to get
cheaper, as the supply In tha wholesale mar
kets la slowly increasing-.
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5 5.20c;
Powdered 5.0Cc; Candy Granulated, 5.05c; Dry
Granulated. 4.93c; Confectioners' A, 4.95c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.95c; Beet Granulated, 4.85c; Mag
nolla A, 4.65c; Extra C, 4.45c; Golden C, 4.35c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes'
60o more; 50- lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom-
Inos, half-barrels, 6.45c; boxes, 6.70c per lb.
OILS— California Castor OIL In cases. No.
1, 70c; pure, $1 22; Linseed Oil, in barrels,
boiled, 66c; raw, 64c; cases, Sc more; Lucol.
60c for boiled and 48c for raw in barrels; Lard
Oil extra winter strained, barrels.- 80o; cases.
85c- China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neats
foot Oil, barrels, 67%c; cases, 72%c; Sperm,
pure, 65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40©45c
per gallon; Fish Oil, in barrels. 37%c; cases.
42%C
COAL ¦ OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil,' In cases, 19o; Astral, 19c; Star
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In cases,
21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in. cases. 20c; 86-de
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases, 26c. -
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: . •>
GRAIN BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bass. 7%9
7%c; local make. %c less than Calcutta*; Wool
Bags, 33@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%®8e; Fruit
Bags, 5%06%c for cotton and 70T%o for jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $8 50; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative .Walls
end. $9 ; Cumberland. $13 50 In bulk and $13 75 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per, ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45
per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per - ton, according to
brand.
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been six ar
rivals of coal from Washington, 13,953 tons;
three from British Columbia, 10,176 tons; two
from Australia, 4631 tons; one from Swansea.
3020 tons; one from Cardiff, 3006 tons; ona
from Norfolk,. Va., 1800 tons; total, 36,585 tons.
The deliveries this week of foreign and domes
tic coals are about double the amount received
last week. This is pretty strong evidence that
some of our large consumers are again enter
ing the market, and are becoming liberal buy
ers. Besides It clearly demonstrates that the
difficulties experienced by Importers to take
discharge from the carriers are being grad
ually overcome. Householders are suffering the
most seriously from the strike among the
drivers of coal carts, as those most distant
from the wharf of discharge are unable to
get sufficient fuel for their requirements, and
Just about this time most of their bins need
replenishing. is sincerely to be hoped that
the hour of settlement is very close at hand,
as certainly neither the employer or employe
Is being In any way benefited by its continu
ance. Coal freights from Australia are fully
one shilling per ton higher this month than
last, and from English sources there is also
about a similar advance. Reports are com
ing In from the oil fields that buyers are be
coming more generous in their views as to
values, and are solicitous to contract at much
better . quotations than ware reported . last
month." "• .
General Merchandise.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l%(5 l 2%c;. String
Beans, 2@3%c; Limaa, 2%@3%c; Cabbage. 60@85c
per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 25@35c; from
Alameda, - 40@65c: Dried Peppers, 10@12%c;
Green Okra, 40065c per box; Carrots, 25035c per
sack; Cucumber?, Bay, 25035c; Pickles, lU01^c
per lb for small and %<i?lc for large; Garlic, 2®
3c: Green Peppers, 25@40c per box for Chile and
20@30c for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@35c per box;
Green Corn, 25©75c per sack; Alameda, 75c per
crate; Berkeley, 50065c; Summer Squash, large
boxes, 25035c; new Marrowfat Squash, $20 per
ton. ' . '
, POTATOES— $101 20 in sacks and $1 3501 65
in ' boxes for Burbanks, $1 1501 25 for Garnet
Chiles and $1 10@l 25 for Early Rose; Salinas
Burbanks, $1 40@i 65 ; Sweets, 40@75c for Rivers
and 75c@$l for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, $1100125 per ctl; Pickle
Onions. 50075c per ctl.
Onions are also' easy, though not materially
lower, and arrivals are sufficient for all Imme
diate needs. ¦•. ¦. .' ' V ¦ ; ¦ •¦ '¦'¦
Tha Vegetable market shows no change, be
ing liberally stocked and weak. : '. ¦ , '
The reported transfer of I the Southern f de
mand for Potatoes from California to Minne
sota and Colorado was partially confirmed yes
terday by wires .from Louisiana and other
Southern points, reporting: prices mada to them
by , shippers in the .two States ' mentioned.
These prices .' were . lower than current quota
tions from California points, hence the shift
ing of the business from California. Certain It
is that tha shipping ' demand . has fallen off
sharply, and as receipts here are heavy the
market is i now weak. £<
Potatoes, Onions and • Vegetables.
For the week business failures number. 169 as
against 188 last week and 154 in this week a
year ago. ., •:
Wheat exports from July 1 to date aggregate
61.692,996 bushels as against 29,261,5*? bushels
last season.
Wheat, Including flour 'exports, for the week
aggregate 4,406,064 bushels, as against 6,607,
611 bushels last year.' - , . ,
Upper, leather dealers are yielding to the in
evitable and some asking prices' are fully -lc
better than a month ago.; Hides are advancing.
¦ Two months of the cereal year have passed.
and despite the pressure Qf receipts from the
largest. wheat crop ever^producd in the United
States and Canada, primary 'receipts are 15 per
cent larger than a year ago. .
Hog products are higher. ¦','"• • ¦ •
Raw sugar is further demoralized and 1 l-16c
lower on the week. •'¦¦¦i . :
The steel strike is gradually, nearing its end,
despite efforts to keep the trouble open. In the
meanwhile demand steadily grows and premi
ums for quick delivery of affected products
mount up. Much of the business usually offer
ing has been merely postponed and great activ
ity will result with reopening of the mills. Plg
lron is in better demand at nearly all markets,
and foundry and forge iron are in larger de
mand even at Pittsburg«fj?Addltlonal sales of
rails for next year are 'reported and the busi
ness already booked in this and other -lines
assures activity throughout . the winter. Job
bers' stocks of finished grades are badly broken
up. - ¦--¦-. -¦„. -. v
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— Bradstreet's , to-mor
row will say: Trade advices are as a rule very
good. Fall demand, now In full swing at the
East, West and Northwest, compares well with
last year and business. continues to expand: at
the South. Specially marked • features ara the
reports of a large seasonable distribution, heavy
shipments and Improved - collections from lead-
Ing Western centers. . . . -
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Immediately upon the receipt of the news
that President McKinley had been shot the>
mining; stock boards of this city adjourned for
the day. There were no afternoon sales or
closing quotations.
200 Belcher 11 600 Overman 05
200 C C & Va....l 72% »00 Savage 03
250 C C t. Va. 1 75 300 Sierra Nevada. 22
100 C C & V&....1 77% 600 Sierra Nevada. 23
800 Hale & Nor.... 17 400 Tellow Jacket.. 12
200 Ophlr 77 100 Yellow Jacket 12%
200 Ophir 78
Mornlns Session.
The following were the sales In th« Pacifto
Stock. Board yesterday:
PORK— Live Hobs. 200 lbs and under. 8%O
6%c; over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 par
cent off; boars, 60 per cent off and stags 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%©9Vic ...
LAMB— 7©3e per Ib.
There Is no further change In this market.
Supplies -¦ of all . descriptions ara larger than
they were a few weeks ago, and the feeling
is easy all around. ¦ . • .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ' -
BEEF— «@6%c for Steers and E®5%o par II
for cows.
VEAL— Large, 7©8c; small, 8®9o per lb.
MUTTON-Wethera. 6%©7c; Ewes, I06%o per
pound.
San Francisco Meat, Market.
There Is nothing new In Beans. There Is
no'-further decline, but- tha feeling. Is ; weak,
and buyers are. waiting for the new . crop,
which is 'coming forward slowly... I >. ....
BEANS— Bayos, $2 9003; Small White, $4 900
6; Large White, $3 25®3 40; > Pink. $2 35@2 45;
Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye, $3<3>3 25; Llmaa. $6 40®
6 50; Red Kidney, $4 per ctl. '¦ -,-¦-••"..¦ :
SEEDS— Brown Mustard,- nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 2502 60; Canary,. 8%
@3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 1%
@2Hc: Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— NUesi $1 65 per Ctl. .
Beans and Seeds.
60 Best &. Belcher 20 100 Ophlr 7«
600 Challenge Con.. 16 10 Ophir 70
860 Con Cal A Va..l 70 100 Union Con...... 03
100 Confidence 63 300 Tallow Jacket.. 12
100 Mexican 21
Momlns Session.
The following wera the sales In the Saa Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS,
Cash,' quotations were as ' follows: •* Flour,
steady; No. 3 . spring . wheat, 66%©68c; No. 2
red. -71c; No.' 2 yellow corn,66%c; No. 2 oats.34%
@35c; No." 2 white/ 37@37%c; No. 3 white. 36%
@37%c; :No. 2 rye, .E5M.@56%c; ¦ fair to choice
malting barley, 65@60c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 40;.
No. 1 Northwestern,. $142; prime- timothy seed,
$5 36; mesB pork. per. barrel. $14 60@14 65; lard,
per 100 pounds, . $9"35©9 37%; short ribs sides,
(loose), $8'45@8 60; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
7V4®7V4c; short clear , sides (boxed), $9 05@9.1o;
.whisky, basis of high wlnea. $1 30. . :
• Articles— . • • ~ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 20,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels:. .......254,000 187,000
'Corn, bushels ......". ....:. .379. 000 4<6,000
Oats bushels -,..207, 000 150,000
•Rye," bushels.. ......... .'./.. ..-.. 6,000 .' .......
Barley, bushels 94.000 3.000
- On the - Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easier;, creameries, . 14<8>14%c; dair
ies, 13017c. : Cheese, steady. ¦ 9%<g>10%a •. Eggs,
firm; fresh; 14%@15c. ./, , / . . : .
- The situation remains unchanged all around.
Receipts of > Hay were larger, but not heavy.
Bran : and Middlings continued 'firm.
BRAN— ?20 60@21 50 per ton. -- •
MIDDLINGS— $22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. " $16®17 60 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the. mill, $25@26; Jobbtng,
$26 60; Cocoanut Cake, .$17018; Corn - Meal, $33 50
@34; Cracked Corn, $34034 50; Mixed Feed, $18 50
®19 60. ¦ - ,
HAY— Wheat, $7@9 60 ; choice, $10@10 60; ¦Wheat
and Oat. $6 6009; Oat, $608 60; Barley, and Oat,
*6@8; Alfalfa, $8 60® $10 50; Clover. $5 5007; Vol
unteer. $4 6005 60.
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale. " .• ,
Hay and Feedstuff s.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 9o for light; Stags,
6%c; Salted Kip. 9%o; Baited Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool, 30@50c each; medium, E0@75c; long
Wool. 80c@$l each; Horsa Hides, salt. $2 60m
2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium. $1 50®
1 75 for small and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry, $1 75 for large, SI 2501 50 for medium, $1 25
for small and SCc for Colts. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins,
SOc; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins —
Prime Anroras, j 75c; large and smooth, 60c;
medium, 35c. - •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4HO4\c per lb:
No. 2, 3%@4c; grease, 2%® 3c. ¦
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901 — Southern, de
fective, 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine.
14i@15c; do, medium and coarse, Il®l3c; Ore
gon, Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good,
9@llc: Nevada, 10@!2c. Fall— San Joaquin, 6%
@3%c; San Joaquln Lambs', 7%®9c.
HOPS— New.. 12@15c perlb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
FLOUR-California Family Extras,. $3 250
S 60, usual; terms; ... Bakers' - Extras, $3 15@t 25;
Oregon.' $2 60@2 75 ' per . barrel . for family and
$2 75(3)3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
©8.'
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs ; Rye , Flour, 12 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn, Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
@4 25; Buckwheat . Flour, $40425; • Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour
$? 25; Rolled 5 Oats . (barrels), $6 8&@8 35; in
sacks, $6 50® 8 -.Pearl Barley, $5; Split Feas, $5;
Green Peas. $< 60 per 100 lbs..
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles— -. . Open.- High, Low. Close.
'Wheat No. I— : ' MT ,
September ......... 69H «9% «** ¦ £T4
December .;.... 71% 71%. 71 71%
May 75% 75% . 74% 74%
Corn No. 2-r , .
September :........ 66 66% 66% ( 66%
December '.. : 68 - 68% 67% • 87%
May 1 .. 60 ,60% 89% 68H
'¦. Oats No. 2—
September.;:..'...... 8T/4 Mtt W!4 ¦ "H
December..... 85% "85% 86% 3B%
May 87%- ¦¦88 •• 87% ¦ 37%
. Mess pork.: per barrel— • ¦„,,„.,
September 14 62% 14 62% 14 46 14 47%
October.... 14 70 14 70 14 «0 14 62%
January 15 75 15 77V4 ". 16 67V4 15 70
' Lard, per 100 pounds — . ' ¦. • ¦ „.
September. ......... 9 87% '9 37% 9 30 » 38
October '..:......... 9 37% 9 87% 9 30 ; » 86^
January ............ 9 10- 9 12%. 9 07% 9 12%
¦ Short fibs, per 100 pounds-
September: ......... 8 55 8 57% 8 55 I 67%
October .....: 860 862% 880 .862%
January ....- 8 10 ¦. 8 12% 8 07% 8 12%
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 3%o; three
half -barrels, 9Hc; ona tierce, 9%o; two tlercea,
9c ;• five tierces, 874c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7®7%c per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half -barrels, pure,
UV4c; 10-lb tins. ll%c; 6-lb tins, llftc.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per Ib for heavy.
12%o for light medium. 13%c for light, I4%c
for extra light and 16c for sugar cured; East
ern suxar-cured Himi, UQUfte; '. California
Haras, 13%c; Mess Beef. $11 per barrel ; extra
Mesa, $12; Family, $12 60; prime Mess Pork.
$15; extra clear. $23: Men, J19; Smoked Beef.
14c per pound.
Lard la the firmest thing under this head,
though Hams and Bacon are very steady and
In good demand. Some dealers are expecting
a further advance In the near future. The
world's stock of Lard, as far as can be learned.
Is 208,000 tierces, against 263,000 at this time
last year.
Provisions.
Silz'cr and Sterling Exchange lozuer.- -
Wheat futures slightly lower.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Bean buyers holding off for the new crop.
Potatoes continue to weaken, being in less demand.
Onions easy. in large supply and weak.
Butter weak. Eggs very firm. Cheese steady.
Fresh fruits about as before quoted.
Dried fruits still in brisk demand for shipment.
Raisins demoralised by the 2c threat.
Provisions firm, with an advance expected.
Meat market sufficiently supplied and easy.
Local stock market dull and featureless.
Seattle ..'.....* o 007 qj« -*. «i . ,
Washington .:. " lilew * 7fl " ""
Hartford 1,999,454 .... 24 3
A T n l eles ••-••• 2.486531 . 19.2 :...
loL ake C!ty 3.010.071 s-.7 ::::
loieao 3 082 924 1 4
Portland. Or- 2 326 942 23 6
Rochester 1,868,548 ll'.2 '.'.'.'.
?«^w""/u' -•• 1.982.035 3.7
A?r«n W ° rth —•¦¦•" 2.596,041 83.2
a • 1.455.001 7.6- ¦;¦..;.
Norfolk 1.054,135. ..;. iplKv
Des.Molnes ........ 1,361.165 •,:... r 6.2
£S W n ,S a I 7 n , r - • 1.808.972 ,. 105.0
Springfield. Mass... 1.074 013 16 7
S m 613,391 , ...:. 47.3
Nashville 1,273,191-32.6 ....
Worcester ;... L 285.827 41.8 ....
Grand Rapids ...... .1,193,338. 9.5.
Sioux City 1,078.824 . 14.3
Dayton. Ohio 912.633 .... l.J
Syracuse 880,589
fpr&nton ¦„. 1,188,475. 36.5 • ....
Portland. Me ...... L161.523 7.2- i ....
Spokane L007.280-- • 3.6 ¦'....'
Tacoma 938.625 8.8
Eyansvllle 674,311 4.1
Wilmington, Del... 829 093 25 4
P^jenport 1,266.194 . 22.0
Fall River 651.174 31.2
Birmingham 747,630 14.5
Topaka..... 1,096,035 28.8'
M , a ?° n •••; v 670,000 , 15.5
Little Rock ........ . 438,372 31.1 • ..;.
Helena 672,693 23.5 ....'
Knoxville .^ 682,718 17.8
Lowell 865,635 1.9
¦Wichita 479,913 14.5
Afcron.. 885.600 ,2.1
New Bedford 847,191 16.4
Lexington 880,307 - ....
Epring-fleld. Ill .... 669,723 49.1 .....
Blnghamton 814,100 2.9 ....
Chattanoofa 441,760 60.0 . ..7;
Kalamazoo 387,716 27.3 .;..:
Fargo ...;... 878,271 62.9 . ....
Toungstown 887,811 13.3 - ....
Springfield^ Ohio... 260.450 6.1 • •....•
Rockford 242,902 29.4 ' ..;.
Canton.. 844,000 45.1 v ''.:..¦•
Jacksonville ....«,. . 313.454 81.9
Sioux Falls ' 285,732 .78.0 •¦ '...."
Fremont 1S9.125 24.8 ' ....
Bloomlngton, 111.... 265,515 6.5 ' ....
Jacksonville, 111.... 215,853 ' 73.3
tColumbus,. Ohio... 6.108,200 89.2' ...".
tGalveston 6,528,000. ' 2.0 ' ....'.
tHouston .: • 9,102.801 '-35.5 I
SColorado Springs.. 869.748 .... ' ..'....•
jWheellng, W. Va. 688,537 .... ....
{Chester ..;....:.¦... 286.340 .... ; .....'
JWilkesbarre 730,849 ...'.•;....:
Totals U. 8..... $1,649. 485. 719 85.2 ¦ ' ....
Outside. N. T.. 615,220,040 21.2 ; ....,
CANADA.
Montreal $15,985,923 40.9 ....
Toronto 11,204,731 64.4 '
Winnipeg ¦ 2.138.160 27.9 ....
Halifax... " L457,5S0 4.8 ....
Vancouver, B. C... . 850,126 .... 9.9
Hamilton 635,659 .... 9.6
St. John, N. B 735,417 ' . .8.8
Victoria. B. C 377,060 i '
SQuebec 1,298,241 ........
Totals Canada.. $33,384,556 87.0 ....
tNot included in totals because containing
other Hems than clearings. (Not Included in
totals because of ¦ no comparison for last year.
WATER STOCKS. *
Contra Costa.. 78 79 iPort Costa «0 «s
Marln County. 53 60 I Spring Valley. 87% 87%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent li & P.. 4 5 I Pac Light 47
Equitable — 4% Sacramento ... — _
Mutual 4% 5% S F G & E.... 39 40%
Oakland 51% — San Francisco. 4% 4k
Pac Gas Imp.. 36 39 Stktn G & E. 8 — '
t INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 i
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... — 86 LP&A 157% —
California ....404 405 Mer Ex (Hq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO8 — S F National. .127%129
First Natl 305 312
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 — Fav & Loan..— —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav ... 52 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Franclsco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 • — ,O 3 L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 60 Presidio — O
Market 73% 78% >
POWDER.
Oiast 75U 76 IVlgorlt •% 4
SUGAR.
Hana «% 6% Kllauea 12 12H
Hawaiian — 50 MakaweM 25 27
Honokaa 12V4 14 Onomea 23% £4
Hutchlnaoa ... 15 15% Paauhau 12% 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. .133 135 Oceanic S Co.. 85% 28%
Cal Fruit Can. »3% — Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Win* Asn. — »«% Pae C Borax. — —
Mar Ex 110 — Par Paint .... 11 —
Morainr Session.
Board—
100 Contra Costa Water 73 09
$4,000 Oakland Water 5s 102 50
10 Oceanic Staamahlp Co 86 00
20 Spring Valley Water 17 25
JOVlgorit ..».*• »8ni
20 California 'win* Association 95 00
Afternoon Session.
Street—
126,000 Oakland Gas Bonds :...... .113 75
PRODUCERS' Oil* EXCHANGE.
Board — *
100 California-Standard 24
100 Giant ~ 30
% Hanford 120 00
1000 Independence ¦ 19
1000 Junction 27
2100 Lion 10
127 McKittrick... 25
600 Monarch of Arizona 28
100 Monarch of Arizona 27
600 Petroleum Center C2
1200 Reed Crude 34
50 San Joaquln Oil & Development S 25
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
CHICAGO. Sept.. 6. —Wheat. started off rather
firm on improved cables and cool, wet weather
.throughout the Northwest; but sold oft , later
and closed' weak in sympathy ' with other
grains. Cables came discouraged at the out
set ,and unloading was on . a large, scale. De
cember opened unchanged to %c higher at
71%c, but the early strength ..was short lived
and prices continued to sag during the day.
The close was %c lower at-71%c or %c above
the low figure for the day.
Corn'opened excited and: a shade. higher with
a 'good general demand and only moderate
offerings. Low temperatures in the extreme
Northwest and predictions of frost in Minne
sota and the Dakotas . caused some anxiety to
shorts early. Covering by shorts rallied prices
somewhat, but toward the close there was an
other decline to 57%c Final figures were V4c
lower 9t 57%c.
Commission houses were good buyers of oats
early j and the market was inclined to follow
corn. ¦ The latter part of th« session was dull*
and featureless. December dosed Vio lower at
the low point. " .
Although hogs wer« again Bold at higher
prices, provisions on the' whole wore Quiet ana
price* about unchanged. January pork cloeed
2tfc higher, lard 7V4c higher and ribs 2V4@5o
higher. . ;• ; , '
The leading futures ranged at follow; .
Dealers continue to report a good Inquiry for
everything except Raisins, which are demor
alized by the threat of President Kearney to
sell them at. 2c. Local dealers say. that the
threat will probably not be carried out. but
it serves to demoralize the trade, nevertheless,
especially in the -East. ¦
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@10c for Royals and S®
14%c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%@8%c;'sun dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 6@8c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted, 4
@5%c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 6@6%c for
red and 6Si6%c for white; Figs, 3Vic for black.
PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the basis of 3%c for the four sizes.
New crop are quoted on the basis of 3%@31ic
for the four sizes.' r
RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12@12%c;
No 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2,
6V>@7%c; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell. 10®
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell : Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuta,
$3 50@5. -
HONEY— OJrnb, . 12@12%c for bright and 10<@>
12c for light amber; water white extracted, 5%
©6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark, 4©
4%c. . .
BEESWAX— 25@28o per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
choice : Orape Fruit. ' H©2 50 ; Mexican Limes.
I3@3 60: Bananas, 75c@$l 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
. CALL BOARD SALES..
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — Adjourned.
OATS — Local dealers report a very quiet
market at the quotations.. 1 Grays. Jl 15@1 22% r
whites, $1 15@1 30; black, 97}ic@$l 05, • and red,
SI 05@l 17% per ctl. . .
CORN— Chicago was active and firm. Prices
were higher at the opening, but subsequently
declined. The advance was caused by ru
mored bullish State reports and predictions of
a frost within three days in the Northwest,
which would greatly damage Corn In the north
ern tier of the ¦ Corn belt States. It was very
cold in the. extreme north, almost freezing In
Manitoba and snowing at Helena. The advance
was checked, however, by Increasing quan
tities of old Corn being discovered in farmers'
hands j throughout the West, and these farm
reserves are now estimated at about 300,000,000
bushels. . , . , . s
The local market continued nominal and
stagnant. Small round Yellow, $1 76; Eastern
Yellow, U «5; White, *1 76@1 80 par ctl; mixed.
1165, ' - - .
RYE— Quoted at 75®80o per etl.
- BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none in first hands.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
k Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 11 0094;
2000, $1 00%. , . .
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— The board adjourned upon
the receipt of the news of the attempt on the
life of President McKinley.
BARLEY — There Is not enough going on In
this market to change prices one way or the
other. iV . ~
Feed. 73*i@75c for choice bright, 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades. 77%®85c; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per cU.
grain. ¦' Clearances of . wheat and flour for the
week, according to Bradstreet's, were 4,406,000
bushels. • " • . ¦ ¦
This market was dull and weak, with a Blight
decline In futures. , :
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96%c: milling, *1@
X 02% per ctl. .--.'¦
common to good, 5©6c; prime. 814 @8%c;" choice,
9c; fancy, 9%c. •¦••-¦
California dried fruits Inactive.
PRUNES— 3?4@7c. .
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark. 8@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1901.
Chicago Grain Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
• > : '¦'": .' LJVBRPOOLi. C -
': 'Wheat— V ... . 1 .... Sept Dec.
Opening 6 6% 6 8%
Closing .................. 6 6% . 5 8%
.. - ¦ • • . PARIS.
"Wheat—- : ¦ ¦' . - ,„ -Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening;..:............... .2165 23 06
Closing ..:..... 21 65 23 15
¦ Flour — ¦. ' •' •
Opening ..'.... I... ....' ; 27 66 29 15
Closing 27 76 29 14
12
THIS DAY. Sept. 7. at 11 o'clock. 12 Rooms,
well-furnished House. Bedding. Sheets, etc
Kitchen Furniture, first-class Stove, Glassware
Crockery, etc. A great chance for furniture
dealers. 639 Mission st.. bet. New Montgomery
and Third. McBRIDE & CO., Auctioneers.
Office 1016 Market st.. opp. Fifth st.
AT AUCTION,
AUCTION SALESMartinelli Deeply Moved.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. T.-Cardinal
The Presidential succession is fixed by
chapter 4 of the acts of the Forty-ninth
Congress, first session. In: case:. of the
removal, death, resignation or inability
of both the President and Vice. President,
then the Secretary of State shall act ae
President until the disability of the Presi
dent or Vice • President is removed : or a
President . is elected. . v . - ," .
If. there be no Secretary v *of State, then
RULE OF SUCCESSION
TO THE PRESIDENT
When convinced that the news • from
Buffalo.was true. Senator Hanna said:;.'.'!
cannot - say anything - about 'it. ~ It v is loo
CLEVELAND.. Sept. 6.— "My God. it
can't ;be possible!" cried • Senator ¦ Hanna
this afternoon, when .the " dispatch V was
read to him saying that President McKin
ley had been shot. ' "It is terrible and I
am too shocked to express my: feelings,"
he added. . The'Senatorwas prostrated by
the news, and begged that all dispatches
relating. to the condition of: the President
be" telephoned to him as fast as they ar
rived:*... --*;'¦.'. """ -'.;"• ¦-...¦-. " .: ¦'
of. the shooting of President McKinley he
stood as one. thunderstruck. For a few
moments there was utter silence and then
Mr. Morgan turned to Mr.' Satterlee, his
son-in-law, and communicated the j news
to him.' At the time Mr. Morgan was told
of the shooting he 'had his hat and cane
ready to go home. .He at once went into
conference with his ' parther^ 'and re
mained inaccessible. ¦;,">,
Two men were put into the sweatbox
by the local police to-night in connection
with th« Buffalo anarchists. One of the
men Is Michael Goldsmith, a local labor
agitator, and the other's name is not
known. The latter has promised the local
police to find several accomplices of the
assailant of the President and they are of
the opinion that the plot against the Pres
ident was hatched in this city.
Czolgosz is. unmarried. He wears the
button and claims to be a member of the
Golden Eagles. :
CLEVELAND. 'Sept. 7.— Chief of Police
Corner when questioned concerfting'*pos
slble acquaintance with Czolgosz said at
an early hour this morning that he was
satisfied that the anarchist was a Cleve
lander. The farm of Czolgosz's father is
said to be In Warrensvllle, a settlement
eight miles south of Cleveland.
ASSASSIN'S FATHER
v AN OHIO FARMER
3eiplemade a lunge .at Richardson,
grasping his throat and choking, him un
til life was almost extinct, when bystand
ers Interfered. The Incident catised great
excitement. ¦ ,. ¦ • ¦
MARIETTE, Ohio, Sept.- 6.— Ex-Mayor
Charles Richardson was choked into in
sensibility in the saloon of George Van
Dusen this evening. S. A. Seiple entered
the saloon and .announced -the assassina
tion of the President. Richardson said:
"I am glad he' is dead. He ought to
have been dead long ago."- '¦
SAYS HE IS GLAD
AND THEN IS CHOKED
"Deploring the horrible, crime, I pray
the God of all nations and the Ruler of
all rulers to restore speedily President
McKinley to health. ' .
"MARTINELLL"
Martinelll, who is staying at ! Villanova
College, near here,, was deeply moved
when he was informed of the attempted
assassination of the President, Later he
sent the following telegram to. Secretary
Cortelyou:
Mr. l.Dawes. was • hopeful ; the • Presideiyt
wyv Id recover, ancTsaid if the'wound was
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.— Probably, the
closest. friend, of the President in Wash
ington at the time of the shooting 'va«
Charles O. Dawes,,- Comptroller of the
Currency^ whose relations with the Presi
dent are of the most Intimate character.
Mr. Dawes was completely overcome/ He
immediately made arrangements to go to
Buffalo, bo as to be near -the Chief Execu
tive and Mrs. McKinley," and, left here on
the 5:15 1 o'clock train, accompanied 'by
Elmer Dover; private secretary, to Senator.
Manna. John Barber,- Mrs. McKinley's
nephew,- who' has-.just passed '^ examine
ation for paymaster in the army, .was £t
the station with* Mr. Dawes. v At first he
Intended "to go .to -Buffalo, but ¦ -later
changed his mind-, and jwent to Canton,
where his mother, Mrs. -McKinley's sister;
resides. -Should the latter determine to so
to' Buffalo," Mr.- BarberVwiir' accompany
her. : - -¦-;¦ ~ * .... J-:~- . , - .; ¦'"* • _; ;¦¦* ... _¦-.:.
"I shall hurry to the bedside of the
President. as rapidly as a train can carry
me. [I only hope he is not seriously
wounded;, but- I: anr afraidmy hopes will
be in vain. I do not expect to 'reach the
President- before he dies. If he is going. to
die, nobody can be safe from ,the work of
insane men, it seems. It. is terrible." "
As the Senator boarded a car, tears were
streaming down his face. ¦'!'...
"McKinley never had any fear, of dan
ger from that source. Of course I never
talked to. him upon such a subject, but I
knew he never dreamed of anything like
this happening. What is this great coun
try coming to, -when such men as Lincoln,
Garfleld and. McKinley fall by the bullet
of assassins? ' - •¦ ;• »
horrible to even contemplate. To think
that such a thing could happen to such a
splendid man as President McKinley, at
this time. and. upon such an occasion. It
Is .horrible, awful !
A resolution to the effect that no candi
date of the Union Labor party could ac
cept a nomination at the hands or either
the Democratic or Republican municipal
conventions was presented by Chalmers.
After some debate Cha'rman Mlllmote
rule.l the resolution out of order.
PLATFORM DEALS WITH
LOCAL ISSUES SOLELY
tion' 6f Asiatic Immigration,
and Repeal of Pell Tax.
[Resolutions Adopted Call for Restric-
.The majority of the committee on piat r
f6rm and resolutions made the follovdng
report: / .
This party shall be known as the Union
Labor party of the city and county of San
the Secretary of the Treasury will act:
and the remainder of the order of sue-'
cession is: Secretary of War, 'Attorney
General, 1 Postmaster General. Secretary of
the Navy. Secretary of the (the
offlce.of Secretary' of : Agriculture, was
created after the passage of the act). Thtj
acting President must, upon taking office,
convene- Congress,' If not at>the time in
session. In exti-aordinary session, giving
twenty days' notice. This act applies only
to such cabinet officers as shall have been
appointed by the advice, and -consent of
the Senate and are eligible under the con
stitution to the . Presidency. >
AMERICANS EXPRESS SORROW.
Continued From Page Six.
The greater portion of the afternoon
session was taken up with the reading
of communications. One was received
from the Thirty-sixth District Assembly
Club of the Labor party, asking that Bur
nette G. Haskell be admitted. as delegate,
coupled with a request from the latter
that the communication be not made pub-
He. This was promptly laid on the table.
Communications from the Socialist party.
man in his position can be, he is for the
masses of the people."
Mrs. Lucy Parsons, whose husband was
executed for his part in the Haymarket
riot, said, as did Neebe. that there was
no plot of the anarchists to harm the
President. If there was she had no
knowledge concerning It.
."No man," she declared, "who has *ho
true principles of anarchy In his heart,
would attempt to injure President McKin
ley. He is a good President, who listens
to the voice of the people and tries to do
his best for them."
Mrs. Parsons expressed a strong hope
that the President would recover. *
Apparently Left in the
Cold. .
Platform Committee Objects to Being
INSISTS ON TAKING PART
IN ALL DELIBERATIONS
bines or persons to amend or abolish them.
We consider' of the utmost importance- for
the wace-earners uf this, city In order to
heiter, t'.-.eir conditions- to - nominate and
elect men directly from their own ranks
who are cllsible and Dl&ce them In every
office, with the object of establishing the
following measures: " ..
First— The public ownership of air public
utilities ar.d means of communication, such
as public bulldlnss, street railways,, gat.
electric lljbt power, water, telephone and
telegraph. .
Second — We recommend a rlsrid enforce
ment of the eight-hour law as to. all work
performed by and for this municipality.
Third — We demand rlsld sanitary Inspec
tion and the free and resralar removal of
nuisances' fr^m all districts' by the direc
tion of tbp Board of Health..
Fourth— We d<in*and the rijrid enforcement
of the law calllns for licensed engineers
or firemen to be in charse of steam boil
ers and enarlnes operated in tha city and
JOSEPH MILLMORE, CHAIRMAN OF THE UNION LABOR PARTY CON
VENTION IN SESSION AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE, EXPLAINING
THE PROPORTIONAL SYSTEM OF VOTING TO THE DELEGATES.
A scries of resolutions accompanying the
report dealing with matters outside of
the municipal affairs were adopted as a
part of the report. " •
asking that a committee of five be allowed
to address the convention and a similar
request from J. Aubrey -Jones were re
ceived. - ' -^
AVhlle the committee on platform was
; concluding its labors in an anteroom
some minor matters were being considered
by the convention. Chairman Parry came
out on the stage followed by the members
of the committee, and demanded to know
what was before the convention. Consid
erable confusion followed, but peace was
finally restored and" a recess taken. ,
The platform was finally read, each sec
tion being -applauded. It was decided to
read it section by section, but before this
was done William Chalmers of Carpenters'
Union No. 483 presented a minority re
port. A question arose as to the nature
of the report and' Chalmers was refused
a hearing. Chalmers insisted on his rights
as a delegate and renewed his demand.
After untangling the parliamentary maze
into which the convention had ¦ fallen,
Chalmers was given the opportunity ho
sought.
He read the platform adopted by the
Socialist party, slightly ; altered to nt the
present purpose, but the convention re
fused to accept it. and the minority report
was rejected. After the majority report
had been received it was read, section by
section, and some slight changes '.were
made in the wording. . . . —
CHICAGO, Sept. C— Six men were placed
under arrest In this city to-night on the
charge of having been implicated in the
plot to assassinate President McKinley.
The men were all found In one house, at
the corner of St. Johns place and Carroll
avenue, on the west side of the city. The
. arrests were made en information of the
# police officials of Buffalo, who said that
\ "he men were members of a society to
which, the assailant of the President be
longed, and that they had knowledge of
the plot.
The police have not yet given out the
names of the men taken Into custody, but
one cf them is known to be Abraham
Isekk, president of an organization which
bears the name of the Free Society. He
was formerly editor of a paper of an
archistic principles, which bore the name
of The Firebrand. The information re
ceived by the local police from Buffalo is
to the effect that the plot to kill the
President was originated among the mem
ber? of the Free Society and that the
Buffalo prisoner was chosen by lot to
commit the crime.
There were five men and three women
in the place where the arrests were made,
and a^seared to be discussing some se
rious matter. They were so completely
surprised by the invasion of the police
that they had no time to make any re
sistance. Isekk is supposed by the police
to have been the leader of the men assem
bled, but when he was questioned at the
house he refused to make any statement.
On the way from the house, to the pa
trol wsgon one of the prisoners cursed
the officers and declared that he was an
anarchist and was proud of it.
The three women in the house, Isskk's
wife and daughter and a woman visitor,
Vv.ere subsequently arrested. The building
' >i which the raid was made is a two-story
anc! basement stone front structure in the
factory district. On the first floor is sit
uated Isckk's printing office, in which
cuts of leading anarchists were found.
The windows were decorated with lith
ographs of leading anarchists and numer-.
ous. publications denouncing the present
form^of government and the judges who
had issued injunctions against^ the strik
ers were found.
All the men arrested with Isekk were
employes of the paper. The arrests were
made by Chief of Detectives Colleran, as
sisted by three of his officers. Captain
Colieran said, after taking the men to the
Central police station for examination,
that he had arrested them upon informa
tion from Buffalo, but what the nature of
Ills information might be he declined to
»ay. He would not admit that he had re
reived any intimation that the assailant
of the President, had made a confession
implicating in any way the men arrested
here. A quite general Impression outside
the office of Captain Colleran is that there
was no special reason for arresting the
men eave for the general character of
their teachings and writings.
Oscar Neebe. one of the anarchists con
victed of complicity "In the Haymarkst
riot. 6ald that there, was no plot of the
anarchists to murder President " McKln
ley. He declared that the assailant of
the President was either a crank' or an
insane man. \
\ "No good covld result from killing Pres
ent McKinley,"- Neebe declared, "be
cbuse he is a ffood man, and, as far as a
CHICAGO POLICE
ARREST SUSPECTS
BUFFALO. Sept., 6.— The following bul
letin was issued by the President's phy
sician at 10:40 p. m.:
: VThe President is rallying satisfactorily
and is resting comfortably.
"10:15 p. m.— Temperature, 100.4 degrees;
pulse, 124; respiration, 24.
"P. M. RIXEY, M, B. MANN. R. K.
PARKE, H. E. MYNTER, EUGENE
WANBIN." . ,
(Signed by George B. Cortelyou. secre
tary to the President.) .
"P. M. RIXEY, M. E. MANX. R. E.
PARKE, H. MTNTER. EUGENE WAN
BIN." - ' . .
(Countersigned: George B. Cortelyou,
Secretary to President.)
"The President is rallying and is resting
comfortably. At 10:33 p. m. the tempera
ture was 100.4 degrees, pul3e 121. respira
tion 24.
BUFFALO. Sept. 6.— At 10:45 p. m. the
following bulletin by the attending phy
sicians was the only indication of the con
dition of the President's wounds:
" 'The further course' of the bullet could
not be discovered, although careful search
was made. The abdominal wound was
closed without drainage. No Injury to tht>
Intestines or other abdominal organ was*
discovered. The patient stood the opera
tion well— pulse of quality rate of 130. His*
condition at the conclusion of. the opera
tion was gratifying. The result cannot be
foretold. His condition at present Justi
fies hope of recovery.'
"GEORGK CORTELYOU. .
"Secretary tolthe President."
BUFFALO. Sept. 6.— Secretary Cortet
you to-night gave out the following state
ment:
"The following bulletin was Issued by
the physicians at 7 p. m.: 'The President r
was shot about 4 o'clock. One shot
struck him upon the upper portion of the
breast bone, glancing and not penetrat
ing; the second bullet penetrated the ab
domen five inches below the left rtipplo
and one and a half inches to the left of
the median line. The abdomen was
•opened through the line of the bullet
wound. . It was found that the bulJet had
j penetrated the stomach. The opening in
the front wall of the stomach was care
fully closed with silk stitches, after
which a search was made for. a hole In
the back wall of the stomach. This was
found and also closed In the same way.*: •"
Physicians Tell How Presi
dent Was Treated
by Them.
BULLETINS GIVE
CHEERING MEWS
Besides George Foster. Samuel Ireland
of the Rochester division and A. L. Gal
lagher of Chicago were assigned as body
guards, their instructions being to keep
ju£.t behind the President. It was in Gal
lagher's arms that the President fell when
he was stricken by the assassin's bullet.
There was not a mishap or accident to
the President from the time he left the
fapital until he returned, and- at every
railroad station or crossing where crowds
gathered to meet the distinguished guests
there were expressions of admiration for
his stalwart six-footed guard, whose coun
tenance fairly beamed with good nature.
During the recent sojourn of President
and Mrp. McKinley at their Canton resi
dence Foster was on duty, and when the
party left for the Buffalo Exposition he
was at the President's elbow as usual.
Arrangements had been made by the
secret service officials to take particular
pains at the forthcoming Grand Army en
<¦ -sTnoment at Cleveland, which President
McKinley v.-as expected io attend, but ad
ditional safeg-uards were thrown around
him at Buffalo.
Any one who has felt the erlp of "Bl£
George" Foster knows that he can carry
out eucli an order to the letter. On tours
the President has made about the coun
ttj- Foster has always accompanied him
snd stood at his elbow to keep off curious
citizens.
Subsequently Foster became identified
with the United States secret service and
quickly became an expert in handling and
detecting counterfeit silver money. When
President McKinley was Installed at the
"White House Foster was detailed to at
tend the President whenever there was
to be an unusually large crowd at the
executive mansion. His Instructions were
to keep his eyes open for any suspicious
looking characters and in case of doubt
as to any caller to see that he was quletiy
but firmly dealt with. ,
CALL BUREAU. 1408 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Sept. *. 6.-"Big
George" Foster, as the stalwart body
puard of the President is known familiar
ly among the secret service officials of
the Government, has been detailed with
President McKinley ever since his first
inauguration. Foster halls from Cincin
rati and for several years prior to be
<oming connected with the secret service
he was the custodian of the House of
¦Representatives at Washington. It was
while serving in this capacity that he be
came accjuainted with President McKin
ley, who at that time was a Representa
tive from Ohio.
Officials of Government Near
By When Shots Are I
Fired.
SECRET SERVICE
S MEN SAW CRIME
Brotherhood of Leather Workers (horse
goods"*— Robert McCullum, Walter Read
and Thomas Simpkins.
Journeymen Horseshoers — Michael Kee
gan and Patrick Kirby.
Coalyard Laborers and Trestle Workers
No. 90&3— Charles M. Holloway and Hugh
Murphy. -
The report- t-s amended was finally
adopted and the proportional system will
be applied to the election of Supervisors
New unions were admitted as follows:
Glass Bottle Blowers' Association-
George Hehrard.
A number cf other delegates explained
the plan in various ways, and at the re
quest of others Chairman Millmore told
what he knew about it.
Delegate Murphy said the plan would
eliminate al! boss rule from the conven
tion.
A. Cridge said it was the only plan that
was just and right, and that even in a
convention of -.60 only twenty needed to
vote "first" for one man to insure repre
sentation on the ticket.
A number of delegates were on their
feet In an instant to explain the proposi
tion.
A proposition to amend the report bv
assessing each delegate $1 was rultd out
of order by Chairman Millmore.
Delegate McAdam offered as an amend
ment to the section relating to tho elec
tion of Supervisors that the proportional
system of repi-oscntation be adopted In
order "that the minority might have a
show."
The report recommended a* line of busi
ness to be followed in i.he convention and
the order of nominations. A majoritv rule
will be required to elect. ' Each candidate
will place $5 In the hands of the secretary
as soon as his name is presented. The or
der cf nominations decided upon is as fol
lows: Mayor. Sheriff. County Clerk, Re
corder. District Attorney. Coroner, Aud
itor,. Treasurer. City .-ind County, Attor
ney, .Tax Collector, Public Administrator
two Police Judges, eighteen Supervisors
and the selection^of an executive commit
tee.
Chairman Eag: t n of the committee on
permanent organization and rules of or
der and business in his opening remarks
drew a fine distinction between the report
that t!ie committee filed Thursday after
noon and the one filed yesterday. The
first was, according to the chairman, that
of the committee on permanent organiza
tion, and the 1-itter that of the rules of
order and business committee.
The claims of Judge Robert Ferral for
District Attorney are being advocated In
the lobby by Walter Gallagher and other
old-time campaigners. Guy Lathrop, sec
retary of the State Federation of Labor,
is the only one suggested as a candidate
for County Clerk. •
Police Judges Conlan and Fritz are anx
ious to secure renominations for the va
cancies that occur next year. With this
point gained they feel that the Demo
cratic nomination twould fall to them
without much trouble.)
I. Less will not have a walkover for
Public Administrator; as Jeff Wallace or
the Machinists' Union will have a big
backing from the Iron Trades Council and
the City Front Federation. Only two can
didates have announced themselves for
Supervisor, but as there are eighteen
places to fill no dearth of candidates is
expected. W. J. Wynn. secretary of the
convention, and Joseph Roxburg, a prim
er, are the avowed candidates.
But one little breeze stirred the morning
session of the convention. The minutes
were read in a perfunctory manner, and
all reference* to the Parry episode of the
previous day was ordered expunged.
Delegate Hutchinson created a slight
stir when the names of a number of alter
nates were read and recommended for
seats by the committee on credentials.
"That committee never met," said
Hutchinscn, "and as a member of it I ob
ject to any sta.' chamber proceedings."
Delegate Hutchinson was then afforded
a chance to pasr upon the credentials ot
the asriiing is cg-ates, and later thoy were
seated.
For Sheriff H. M. Burnett of the Ma
chinists and J. C. Lane of the Cooks' and
Waiters' Alliance are mentioned.
As the committee may go out of the
ranks of labor for legal nominees, Frank
lin K. Lane, who at one time belonged to
a typographical union, stands a good
chance tor nomination for City and Coun
ty Attorney, althougn Cameron H. King
br., nominee of the bociallst party, Is also
in the field.
For the nomination for Mayor James 6a
Succa, an insurance agent, appears to be
in the lead. He was formerly a "deputy
under Sheriff Laumeister and is a member
of Ironmolders* Union No. 164, although
he has not worked at his trade for many
years. W. H. Goff, president of the San
Krancisco Labor Council, is also men
tioned, but it is said he .would prefer to
be named for Supervisor. Eugene Schmltz
of the Musicians' Union is also in the
field. His claims are being pressed by a
number of bandmasters. There is some
talk of a dark horse.
ropolitan Temple. It is expected
that the convention will be ready at that
time to proceed to the nomination of can
didates.: But few names are being men
tioned for the local offices.'
THE municipal convention of the
Union Labor party adjourned at
6:30 o'clock last night, to meet
again on Tuesday evening at Met-
CHICAGO. Sept. 6.— Senator Cullom 3?.ld
to-night: "Abraham Lincoln, James A.
Garfleld and William McKiriley were the
thrf e' Presidents most theroucjnly. in-sym-.
pathy, apparently, with the great body of
common -people of the country that we
have had since the beginning of our con
stitutional government. Mr," Lincoln was
assassinated in the early part of hla
second term, Mr. Garfield during the first
few months of his first term, and an at
tempt has been made to assassinate Presi
dent McKinley , in the early part of his
second term. It seems strange, to my '
mind, that such a fate should befall such
men-men . who . were generous to' a fault
and that were faithfully performing the
greafduties of their'hlsh office. No man
is of a more kindly* nature than President
McKinley. His heart beats in unison with
the great body of people of the country
and of the world. 1 His sole purpose is to
do his duty, to takecare that "the laws be
faithfully executed and that the country
should go on in its career of growth and
prosperity. I sincerely hope he may .re
cover to. carry out his" purpose in the
interest of the United States Government
and of the people I and to ; the end ofhte'
official term, and .be, allowed to retire, as
he has unqualifiedly expressed his purpose
to do,, when his term shall expire. There
• can be no Question tha t he has made one
of .'the greatest Presidents : of the IfnJted
States. _ His : name; wlir be linked ,clo8e»y
with that 6f , Washington and Lincoln, and
deservedly, too. \ Even \ on yesterday v he
delivered an address: to 'the* people, at the
exposition ;,which was full of wisdom -and
not fatal he was confident the President's
fine physical condition, would pull him
through. Mr. Dawes, accompanied by his
wife, \-islted President and Mrs. McKinley
just two weeks- ago and had a pleasant
interview' with thfcm. He foundthe Presi
dent in splendid health and 'physically
robust.
Motion, amendment and substitute fol
lowed each other in such rapid succession
that the chairman, secretary and dele
gates became confused. .Finally, it was
ur?ed that those delegates that were com
pelled-to work during the day should be
given a chance to vote for candidates -and
a compromise was effected between all
factions by selecting Tuesday night) at 8 1
o'clock as the time for the: next assem
blage, when nominations will be made.
A finance committee, consisting of Dele
gates Aubertine, I Hutchinson, Young,"
Duffy and Markey. wan appointed to raise
funds and pay the bills. ,. -
The questions as to the date to which
the convention should adjourn after the
days labors were finished caused much
discussion. Some delegates favored hold-
Ing: a night session last night. Others
favored adjourning until this morning.
Tuesday afternoon and Tuesday night
were suggested and one delegate believed
adjournment until Friday, September .13,
should be taken.
That Time.
Officers Will Be Made at
Nominations for Mayor and Other
CONVENTION ADJOTJBNS
UNTIL TUESDAY NIGHT
Resolution N'o. 1 — We recommend th? abso
lute- exclusion of all Asiatics, and will hoM
our representatives - in Congress responsible
In case they fail to put forth their every
effort to carry out this demand that they
are' to urge, and if possible to procure the
re-enactment cf the Chinese exclusion act
¦which expires May 5. 1902, together with
amendments to embrace all classes of
Asiatics. Including: Japanese, extend its pro
visions to all' territory under the jurisdiction
of the United States and making It perpet
ual in operation.
Resolution No. 2— Whereas, The nontax
now In existence unjustly discriminates
aPainrt-the poor man. Inasmuch as he pays
a larger percentage of his property than the
capitalist. Therefore be it
Rexeolved. That the polltax be abolished
and necessary provision made in the tax list
to provide a fund for the maintenance of the
rublic schools.
Resolution No. 3 — In national affairs we
deniand that all Government work, especially
on wai ships, transports, tujes. etc.. shall be
dene at the Government navy yards or work
sheps. the- growth of trusts and the forcing
by- privileged millionaires of strikes, dan
gerous alike to the peace of the community
and the rights of labor, having been largely
due to the Riving: out of such work by con
tract to private corporations controlled by
tr'-sts. - • '¦ ¦ —¦
payer*.
Eighth— We demand the establishing of a
free market, where th» producer can bring
hl3 products direct to the consumer", and we
further demand that the Pollc" and Fire de
partments shall be administered and con
ducted strictly- In accordance with the law,
insuring the same protection to all citizens
and strangers alike.
Ninth— We- favor arbitration to the oxtent
that it b- found just and practicable under
our conditions In all Industrial disputes be- N
tn-een employe and employer. We recom
mend an investigation of th» workings of
the Conciliation and State Arbitration
boards of, the different States of the Union
and other countries where the same are in
vor^e. -
Tenth— We believe the best interests of •
education require that the School Depart
ment be entirely divorced from politics and '
that advancement depend on merit alone to
the exclusion of personal and political fa- £
voritlsm and pledge our nominees to carry
out this reform. Furthermore we recom
mend that all Asiatics, both Chinese and
Japanese, should be educated separately
from other children In schools exclusive for
themselves.
Kleventh — We approve of the civil service
system > (article 13. pection 4) of the charter,
and demand that the letter of the law be
adhered to. ¦
Twelfth-^An amendment to the charter
should be passed providing that no fran
chise exclusive in . Its character, r.r any re
newal or extension of any previous fran
chise, shall be granted, unless the same be
submitted to the vote of the people at the
next ceneral election, and then shall take
effect only If ratified by a majority of the
voters votlns thereon. -¦ .
Thirteenth— We believe In the initiative and
the referendum, proportional representation
and the right of recall of representatives by •
their constituents. Therefore be it
Resolved. That we perpetuate the Union
Labor party by continuing our present or
ganization and place candidates in nomina
tion for all elections— municipal. State and
national.
county of San Francisco, to th? end that
life and property be not endangered by the
reckless operation of euch. plants as at
present, and we further recommend that
only tjractical boller-makera . be appointed
as boiier inspectors. • . .
- Fifth— We demand that all suODlif a for
the r-ublic institutions of . the city and
county of San Franclseo bear the union
label when such can be provided, and goods
of home manufacture b-j given preference.
Sixth— We pledge our nominee for Mayor
and n6mint?es for Supervisors iiiat all work
done for th* municipality be dine by ths
day and not by contract. - We furthermore
demand the street-sweeplnsr apparatus of
this city be owned and onerated by the
municipality, and that no employe of this
city be compelled to wear a uniform, ex
cepting members of the Fire Department
and of the regular and. special Police De
partment.
Seventh— We demand the building of sub
stantial school houses— preferably of brick
or stone— and at least one such building to
be erected each year until ample accom
modations ore provided for all school chil
dren cf this city, and no more money
wasted by repairing' worthless school build
ings. We recognize that a necessity exists
for a fund for carrying on permanent im
provements, such as repairing and repaying
streets, reconstructing and extending our
sewere, erectiner new schoolhouses when
necessary and for other public works that'
will be of benefit to the city at larfte and
also elve employment to labor.
- We therefore pledge our candidates for
Mayor and our nominees for the Board of
Supervisors *n reserve a fund when mak
ing up a budget of at least 10 cents on each j
dollar raised by taxation. , the same to b*
used for permanent Improvements and to be
designated n» the municipal permanent im
provement fund, and we further pledge our
nomtefM for Mayor or Supervisors to dis
miss all unnecessary employes that may be
drawing pay from the city, bo a saving of
at leapt $100,000 <*an b* effected and th»
money devoted toward making: permanent
Improvements that will provide vrorkfor
labor and also return full value to the tax-
Pledges the Nominees in Event of Success at the Coming Election to Garry Out^.^ of Civic
Reforms Under Improved Charter Meithods, Recommends the Exclusion of All Asiatics and
Favors the Repeal of the Poll Tax law as Unjustty Discriminating Against the Poor Man
Czolgosz does not appear in the least
degree uneasy or penitent over his act.
He says he was induced by his attention
to Emma Goldman's lectures and writings
to decide that the present form of gov
ernment in this country was all wrong
2nd he thought the best way to end it
•was by killing the President. He shows
DO Pign of insanity, but is very reticent
about much of his career. While ac
knowledging himself an anarchist he does
r.nt eay to what branch of the organiza
tion he belongs.
anarchist and that he becamo an en
thusiastic member of that body through
the influence of Emma. Goldman, whose
tvritinps he had read and whose lectures
he had listened to. He denies having any
confederate and says he decided on the
act three days ago and bought the re
volver with which the crime was commit
ted in Buffalo. He has seven brothers
?. rid sisters in Cleveland and the Cleve
land directory has .the names of about
:hat number living on Hosmer street and
Ackland avenue, which adjoin. Some of
them are butchers and others are em
ployed in different trades. He is now de
tained at police headquarters, pending the
result of the President's wounds.
DELEGATES OF UNION LABOR PARTY
ADOPT PLATFORM WITH ENTHUSIASM
PRESIDENT VICTIM OF ASSASSIN
Continued From Page Four.
showed that his whole heart and life -were
absorbed by a desire to do what was te3t
for his own country, not forgetting tha
other nations of the world. It will be a,
great thing for the United States and for
the world If he shall be spared. If ha
shall be taken away It is my sincere hope
and prayer that, the policies of President
McKJnley "during his term shall be cor.- -
Untied."
MILWAUKEE. Sept. ' 6.-Henry C.
Payne of "Wisconsin, National republican.
Committee chairman and intimate friend
of President McKinley, spoke of the at
tempted assassination of the President as
follows: - "The news of the attempted as
sassination of President MeKinley, wheth
er the wound prove fatal or not. fills me
with unspeakable horror and grief. There
never lived a man of more kindly dispo
sition, with a more loving 1 and affection
ate heart, more tender and sweet In hts
sympathies and in hi3 private life, moro
devoted to his family and his friends. In
those regards he is the most remarkable
man I ever met in public life. The at
tempt upon his life was not because h»
was William McKinley. but because ha
was President of the United States."
WINSTKAD. Conn.. Sept. 6.—Ej-PtmI
dent Cleveland was fishing at Darling
Lake when he received the news regard-
Ins the shooting of President McKinley.
He at one- started"* for the shore in order
to Hear the details and anxiously jaskert
for the latest news from Mr. McKinley' s
bed3lde. Mr. Cleveland was horrified afi
the news and Said: "With «II~Americar*
citizens I am greatly shocked at this new?.
I'cannot conceive of a motive. It mu3t
hava been the act of a crazy man." - '-v '¦.
i DUBLIN. . N. H.. Sopt. 6.— Secretary-
Hitchcock, who has been stopping at
Mount Monadnock, to-nlsht, when inform
ed of the tragic incident at Buffalo, said:
"I am too horrified to make any expres
sion whatever." He. immediately prepared!
to leave for Buffalo.
PITTSBURG. Sept. S.-When informed
of the shooting of President McKinley.
Attorney General Knox said: "I cannot:
Imagine how any living creature couM
harbor such thought as to take the life
of the President. I am so shocked at tba
awful news that I cannot talk further."
President Shaffer of the Amalgamated
Association, when told of the attempted
assassination of President McKinley. said,
he was much shocked at the report ami
corild say nothing of strike matters under
.the existing circumstances. . \ / -'¦
BUCKFIELJO. Me., Sept. 6.— Hon. John
D. Long, Secretary of the Navy, who,
has been passing his vacation at the t^onsr
homestead, two miles from this place,
learned of the shootinjr of the President
I to-night. He wa3 deeply affected by th&
news, which came to him . -wtiile he wa*
in the village. He proceeded to his hom«»
at once, declaring that he was undecided
about future plans on account of the sud
denness of the news. The Secretary post
tlvely refused to say anything for publi
cation.
BLOOMINGTON. 111.. Sept. 1-Former
Vice President Stevenson dictated tha
following statement to-night:
"The attempted assassination of Presi
dent McKinley is Indeed appalling. It H
too horrible for belief. The news will
bring grief unspeakable to the hearts cf
all his countrymen. .1 have known Presi
dent McKinley for many yearv and served
with him In Congress twenty-five year?.
He was a gentleman of the kindliest feel
ing and could have had no personal ene
mies. The assassin is probably a crank
or a madman."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER .7, 1901.
Franeisaj, of which the following Is the
platform* and declaration of principles: ;
• Hie Union Labor party of the city and
county of San Francisco in municipal con
vention assembled hereby promulefttes the
following: platform , and principles and
pledges the. nominees of this convention for
the ccminc municipal eleetfon to support
Its measures and as soon as possible to put
Into :>ractlce and maintain lta doctrines,
with the object of purifying the city gov
ernmer.t. thereby establishing a system that
will be conducive to the best interests of
San^Francisco and its cltl«ens: to maintain
and administer the laws with equal. Impar
tiality. Irrespective of class, parties or p?r
sor-s, ard where laws are found to be un
just, tyrannical or specially framed to suit
tho interest of private corDoratlons, com-
13
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, doing any;
sort, of violence to it, re-V
quires a most gentle soap,
fa soap with no free al».
kali in it.
Pears V the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
, All sorts of stores sell It, especially
druggists; ail sorts of people use iUTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1901.
14
SAX FRAXCISCO CAIX.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ss_ FT_ds«
Call, corner of Market an* Tblrd streets: oper
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery ttreet,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:20 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:80 p. to.
1941 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market 6treet, corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
10S6 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore etreet: open until 9 p. ta.
MEBTIXG JVOTICKS.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No^ L F. and A. R •
M.. will meet THIS (SATURDAY) Ik
EVENING. September 7. at 7:30 JZJT
o'clock First degree. By order of f
the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— »
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _«%_
EVENING, £.t 7:20 o" clock. First de- yZJX
gree. R. E. ALLAJJ. Secretary. /XT^
OFFICERS and members of Amity
Hfbekah Lodffe No. 161. will
meet at EurpKa Hall. I. O. O. F. z^^^s=F
building TO-DAY (SATURDAY) -'?»«*''
a.t 1 p. m. sharp to attend funeral of our
lat« sister. SARAH PULSIPHER.
HATTIE HUDSON. N. G.
EMMA ARCHER, Secretary.
PAST Chancellors* Association of San Jef.
Francisco — The next regular meeting ./'»»-
of the Past Chancellors' Association Qi_w£
of San Frarciseo will be held at ik£$zi
Pythian Castle. 9C3 Market Bt, THIS (SAT-
URDAY) EVENING. September 7. An Inter-
esting entertainment will be offered. All
Past Chancellors are invited.
CHAS. S. HOFFMAN, Secretary.
PYTHIAN day at Sacramento— Special «fe>
party excursion leaving San Fran- At/v&
clt.ro S a. m.. Sept. 11: returning,
leave Sacramento Sept 12, 8:10 a. m.
DO K. K. pilgrimage. For further par-
ticulars apply to H. SCHAFFNER. 6 Eddy
st. (phone Bush 6), or E. ULMAN. 909 Mar-
ket ft. (phone South 372) not later than 9th
lnrt.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE— Quarterly meeting
notice.
The quarterly meeting of the members of
thp Mechanics' Institute will b» held in the
Mechanics' Institute Library building. 31 Post
St., San Francisco. SATURDAY, September
7, JMt, at 8 p. m. Reports of officers will
be read ard amendments to the constitution
¦will b* considered.
JAMES K. COSGRAVE, Rec. Sec.
2CATIVE Schf— Stmr. San Jose leaves Wa»h-
irpton-sL wharf SATURDAY. Sept 7, at 2
o'clock p. m. for San Jose. Fare. COc; round
trip. 81.
ADOPTION.
GIF.L nid b"V baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FCXKF.. m« KJghth St.. Alameda.
AOE.NTS V.'AXTED.
TVANTED— Several persons of character and
gooi reputation in each State (one in this
county requ:r«?) to represent and advertise
old established wealthy business house of solid
financial standing. Salary $18 weekly, with
expenses additional, all payable In cash each
Wednesday direct from head offices. Horse
end carriape furnished when necessary: ref-
erences. Inclcse self-addressed stamped en-
velope. Manager. 306 Caxton build'g. Chicago.
{3 TO fa tmt day easily made for the next 3C
days se'lir.g an attractive line of holiday
poods. For full rartlcujar* send name and ad-
dress to ALBERT DESPRES. Star bldg.. Chi-
caro. 111.
AGENTS verted— TSie money. Call before 10
a. m.. ELDTCR. 22 Kearny St.. room 9.
ASI'llALTIJI riOOKIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1!S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty: quick;
quiet; no charge w'.thout success; collections,
vills deeds etc.. prepared; charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 833 Market st.
ADVICE fre€;divorces private; bankruptcy;col-
lFcticns-.attachmf-r.ts; mortgages ;bills of sale;
partnership? :dep<?!=: wills drawn;fees low;open
evt's. THURSTOX. lOCS^ Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th.
ADVICE free; oren eve.; moderate fee if suc-
cessful. EDW.~ R. SKIRRAN. S27 Market st.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. C97 Parrott bldg— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, general practice: mod. fees.
ADVICE fi-ee; no charge unless successful. W.
AV. DAVIDSON, C'27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. i! CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; ocn?n!tation free; no fees in advance.
BOOKS — NEW A.\D OLD.
BOOKS of cv*ry kind bought. Tel. Red. 2958.
HOLMES HOOK CO.. 704-706-7OS Mission" st.
BO.VRDIXG FOH CHILDREN.
2 OR S chiMrer. to board; gooJ home & moth-
er's care: 110 up: sunny yard. lfiO7 California.
ni'UEAl' TRUNKS.
ASK to sec Lundbeck's Improved drawer
trunk; at all deaitrs or factory. S26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— {400; BRANCH bakery, delicacy store, with
4 tarnished rooms: rent $20; very best location
on Fillmore St., and good paying. Call R. G.
¦VYILKE. 2S«i Kcaray st.
A— S600; CICAR store; rent $20; very best stand
en Kearny St.; owner must leave for Fresno;
value In sight. Call R. G. "VVILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
A— J400; DAIRY and produce store with horse
and wagon; 3 living rooms; place established
5 years; tioinx good business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^4 Kearny Et.
A— SI400; SALOON: choicest location on Market
ft.; net rent JSO: fine fixtures and good pay-
inp business: Investipate at once; a splendid
and rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^
ICeamy st.
A— SECCC: CORKER saloon with lunchroom on
Market si.; a firp:-class place: owner sick In
the eoumry: must sell at once; investigate
end make offer. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearr.y st.
A— J000: CHOP and oyster house on Market st.:
rent 130: <5ai!y receipts 520 and above: owner
called Kast by death. Call R. G. WILKE,
2G 3 .j Kcarny st. '
NEWTON & HARTER, 759 Market Bt.— 20-
room house, rent $32 50. $350, furniture clean
end new; 8 rooms and bath central, lVj
blocks of Market St.. SIX.
J1KK) — CORNER procery and bar; fine location;
must sell RETSLOFF. S06 Market st.
t2."'O — PARTNER commission business; can make
$75 month. STRAND & CO.. 3C9 Kearny st.
C-10— PARTNER wanted: great chance in a
paying office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market.
A — CIGAR etar.i!; different from the rest; al-
ways doing- business; fine location; high-clase
trade; elegant fixtures; rent very low; owner
•pelling account other large interests; an op-
portunity to buy a Xo. 1 stand at a low
flgure; no agents. Box 60, Call office.
FOR rent— Fin? place; has been run as a butch-
er shop and saloon for 30 years; 4 living rooms
outside of Falcon and butcher shop. For par-
ticulars address H. J. McDERMOTT, Sunol,
A SNAP— For sale account of sickness, a profit-
able delicacy store. Particulars on premises
116 Seventh St.. near Mission.
FOR PALE— On account of death, a complete
tailor's outfit. Box 116. Call office.
J4S0— CANDY stand, stock and fixtures: down-
town; snap. RETSLOFF. 906 Market et., r. 12.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$3000 in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc. : cash receipts about $1500 to
?:W0 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Export Optician, 10714 Mar-
ket St., Ban Francisco.
FOR SALE— At Invoice price, the merchandise
«or« of- CNOPIUS & CO., Santa Rosa, with
Its two branches, one at Sevastopol and one
at HealSEtiurg. as a whole or each store sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the caus«
nt Killing. For particulars address CNOPIL'3
6 CO.. Eanta Rosa. '
FIRST-CLASS opportunity for a good reliable
man as partner in old established business or
to take charge of office. Call 911 Broadway
Oakland. Cal. . .
WANTED immediately— Good business part-
ner with capital to anstst patentee financially
with an article of high merit; a big money
making proposition. Box 117. Call office.
PARTNER. actl\-e or silent, with capital of
not- le«s than $20,000. wanted for wholesale
business of many years' standing; large pro-
fits. Address M-. box 140, Call office.
FOR sale cheap; owner must leave town at
once; stock, good- will and fixtures - of fruit
and vegetable store. Apply 775 Washington
et., corner Free Market, Oakland.
r750—OLD-KSTABLISHED candy Btore; ice-
croara and soda fountain; furniture and fix-
tures; doing good business. GEO. C. TOUNG,
Petal am*.
FOR sale— A good-paying candy. Ice-cream and
notion business in a lively , Interior town:
S5O0O. Inquire of N. MEYER & CO.. 420 Front.
MEANS tt anted to find rich, free-milling quart x
le&ge. Address Call agency, San Jose. Cal. '
IT ANTED— TTi II. rent a store across bay; cheap
rent for saloon. D. M.. 143 Fifth at-. S. F.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
lO^ROOMS on aFa^eli.?....;.?^."....... $425
34 rooms on Geary st 1900
16 rooms; sunny corner; clears $100.... 1000
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 6000
60 rooms; $1200 cash 8200
49 rooms; clears $200; only $600 cash 1500
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room flat; fine corner 300
36 rooms; on Market st..~ 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall 425
16 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 600
9 rooms; good piano: must sell • 525
16 rooms; offices; clears $S0 1400
14 rooms; $100 cash, balance payments... 400
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1500
18 rooms; on Sixth st; clears $80 900
24 rooms; on Market; clears $150 1000
18 rooms; corner; Just like home. 1500
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
S2 rooms; offices; clears $250 ..3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
I sell and exchange all kinds of property.
GIVE ME A CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN
LOCATION. PRICE AND PAYMENTS.
TRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
OUR MOTTO IS SQUARE DEALING.
YOU MAY BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
ON OUR LIST
And pay for It In monthly payments from the
profits of the house.
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES._
10 rooms; rent $20; on Sixth $175
40 rooms; on Third 1800
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
8 rooms; on Ellis; clears $35 650
£8 rooms; on Mission 200
S»0-room hotel and bar 1600
45 rooms; rent $125; clears $150 2350
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market cor. Ellis, r. 12.
Phone John 531.
A— CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market st. and S Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
100 r.; rent $175: cor.; best-paying in city.$7000
£5 r. ; rent $200: Al loc: good house 3600
60 r. ; rent $3CC; cor.; elegant hotel 7000
48 r.; rent $110; cor.: Oakland 2500
26 r.; rent $90; cor.; fine fur.'and ioc...... 2000
Money loaned on deferred payments. 1V4 p. c.
14 r.; rent $55: good trans, and loc 650
30 r.; rent ?2S; fine fur.; piano 650
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
$1100— IS ROOMS; Ellis; close in.
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis: clears $200 over all.
$650 — 14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
J500 — 6-room flat: grand furniture; rent $23.
$1100 — 17 rooms; money-maker: rent $55.
$650—8 rooms; now being furnished.
$2500—70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market Et.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market Phone Folsom 1592.
We have a number of good bargains in lodg-
ing-houses, saloons, candy and notion stores,
also restaurants and cigar stands, which we
can vouch for. Call and get our prices. "
THE largest »nd best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCIIWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
Ko. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
THE largest and bpst list of lodging-houses at
our office. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market
ct. opposite Fifth.
A WEEK'S news for & cents— The Weekly Call.
1« r«»r«"s. In wranu»r for maillit-. $1 r<r ypnr.
sFlRITUALISM.
COME k see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. Tue?., Fri.. 8 -p. m.. 60c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them:
give rame?: received medals from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1081 Bush st.; tel. 22f5 Larkln
FREE— Ladles who want to know whether they
possess mediumlstic talents: If they develop
with me and cannot get full names in 90
days, no charges: 2 trial private lessons free;
afternoons. '. FRANKLIN, 724 Post 6t
A — Mrs. Dr. Femham. spiritual medium and
llf«> reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun., "Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market St.
CHAS. BROCKWAT. 25c seance Sun.. Tuea.
and Thurs.. 8 p. m. : every one gets a test;
private readings dally. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. "WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. J2. 1164 O'Farrell (St.; ElHs car.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p. m.; "Wednesday, ladles, 2:30 p.
m.. 10c: meetings daily. 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: *lttlnt-s dally: test to ali to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you ar? In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or nnt satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love cr business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affair* of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS D. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 2"> and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed bv mall: send stamp for paniphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. »
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant. t»lls past,
future: never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
KecTPt: shows pltcur'e future husband or wife:
fee tic and up: satisfaction to everybody : open
Eundays: hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful prediction;" In all affairs of life:
gives names, facts, figures; gives luck: honest
predictions In 'ove affairs: reunites seoarated.
not on* failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
A— U1KCON. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
**ie succeeds when others fall: permanently lo-
cated at 323 Turk et. : reading? by malL
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sl?:ht;
diagnoses disease with life readlnz; Indies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 12C Turk.
MME. HANSEN. card reader and palmist;
" past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St..
room 11.
ISMAR. the Egyptian eypsy. clairvoyant and
palmist, pfmarontly located 1148 Market, op.
€th; private readlncs dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m
MME. LAROSE. best clairvovant. card reader:
G»rman spoken: Sac up. 777V- Market st..room IS.
MRS. BROWN*- clairvoyant, enrd reader: ladles
2."c, gents 50c: readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
Mrs.Mallory. clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fall consult me: 1. 25c. g. 50c. S17 Howard.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader 'rim Louisiana:
only 10c; from 1 to S p. m. 252 Minna, nr. 4th.
M. WILLE. crystal f»er. clalrvoyent. mert'um:
Fittlnss. 9 a. m. to S p. m. : 50c. 326A Ellis St.
CARD reading 2r-c: hours from 1 to 8 p. m. 833
Howard st.. nr. Fourth.
FREE teft readings: ladles morning: open 10 to
C; closed Sundays. FRANKLIN. 724 Post st.
MRS.MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 184S.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst. 148
Sixth st.. room 23.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader;paimlstrj",
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, cnnl ro*d"r:
sittings dally. 44S»A Jessie Et.. bet. Lth and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluentlv: l-.uslnos*
advice: names given: *5c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLE.VXr>'G.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
, eend to SPAULDIXG'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: tel South 49.
AMERICAN Carpet-boating Works— Cleaning.
Sc;renovated;rel&!d. 105 14th et. : tel. Capp 2542.
BEATING. 3c; laying. 3c: renovatinx. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. lallVi Market st; phone Mint 1933.
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co.. 402 Kutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating work*; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 2«3.
CONKUN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
233 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Kteam Carpet-b-ating Work!>! G. II.
STEVENS. MgT.. 38-40 8th st: tel. South 230.
J. E. MITCHELT, Carpet-beating «r.ri Rmo-
vatlnr Co.. 240 "Fourteenth Ft.: tel. Ml«slon 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown* nails, warts: pain-
le". cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF.StraMhunrer fromN.Y.. specialist on feet.
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.: Chronicle hlg.. rm. 7«.
COLLECTION OFFICES, j
GEORGE W. KELLY*S^^enc^^o"cnargTun^
less snccessful. Room 310. 927 Market wt
S COTTAGES ~ TO " LET. ¦
6 ROOMS, bath; barn. 234 Andove7rnear~CorT-
land: $13: Mlggion-st. cars.
DI.SK ROOM TO LET
DESK room to let in first-class business build-
ing; stenographer .or -type writer. Address
box 2306. Call office. .
PRESS1IAKERS ASP SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL' Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class ratest patterns cut ,1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON' pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DENTISTS. ______
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry: pure gold filling $150;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural . and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
. without plate; painless extraction. . I
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates . our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50- up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D-, Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings , by my
wonderful secret painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50;. fillings,
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. ¦ Chicago Dental Parlors^ 24 Sixth.,
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. M. A. BROWN has removed to 54 Sixth
at.; gold crown and bridge work a specialty.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without " plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St. •
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c ; plates $5 up ; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, denist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
* DERMATOLOGISTS. _^
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
removed by electrolysis; facial massage with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bush st.
EUUCATIUNAU '
NIGHT "'SCHOOL" FOREMEN] ~~~ "~~~ ~
A practical and industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any other night school In the city for a
remarkably low tuition ; send or apply for the
prosr>ectus at the building, corner of Mason
and' Ellis sts. ; opening night, Tuesday, Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1; deoartments— Art, business, civ.'! service,
elementary, engineering:, high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$E per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
Fpellir.g-. Sapnish. etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat: free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taueht; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
COMPETENT teacher desires pupils, adults or
children. In primary, grammar and high
school studies; references. Box 69. Call.
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical hookkeeplns. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bids:.: Individual Instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, flrures; the one man who per-
fect* tweinnors, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL ccur!>e of Ellis bookkeeplnjr and the
Gregg shorthand '•osts only $60. San Fran-
cisco Buslnea* CollPtre. 1236 Market *t. •
SPANISH — Conversation, .letters: rapid method;
classes daily; $3 mo. Prof. Maya, 210 Eddy st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING — Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
CMcapo Business College. 143.i Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typlnsr. bookkeep.. $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTKAUS. piano, mandn.ln. niitar
lessons. COc: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MKRKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
IT.T.TIPTRATION— PARTIXGTON'S DAY an-1
ILLUSTRATION— night claFS. . 424 Pine Bt.
HEALD'R Pusinws-Ccllesre. 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1SC3: new RO-paere catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, boo^kf-epintr. srrsmmar. wrltlnsr.
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for fi <*ents— The Weekly Call.
lfi r>asr»!«. In wraDwr for mailing-. SI per v»»r.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE" "and tChinesd't helpi of Jail* klnoT;
cooks, welters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE & CO., employment office— Best help;
estbd. 1830. 621% California st. ; tel. Rod 401.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush Bt. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bosh St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powcll.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GIRL want3 a situation for general housework
and cooking. Call at 1S91 O v Farrell St., near
Pierce.
SITUATION wanted by Canadian Protestant
woman In private family; good cook. 1231
Market St.
POSITION by neat, capable elderly woman;
first-claes housekeeper, with the care of chil-
dren; references; wages $12. Box 173, Call.
A LADY of middle age wishing to go East
would like to chaperon young ladles or Inva-
lid. Box 2307, Call ofllce, Oakland.
COLORED woman wants work by the day;
flrst-class laundress. Call 253 Jessie st.
A YOUNG German jrlrl to do upstairs work and
sewing. Address 3cS9 Seventeenth st.
AN experienced dressmaker In ladles' and
children's clothes, also renovating evening
dresses, will accept engagements In families;
$1 25 per day. 1213 Webster.
POSITION as n working housekeeper wanted
In this city by a lady of experience: email,
family preferred. Box 143, Call office.
SITUATION wanted for general housework by
good plain cook: wages $25. Please call at
23 Ivy ave.; off Franklin.
AN Al mllllnor will make up ladles' own ma-
terials or furnish material and do the work
well at reasonable prices. Box 141, Call.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper; refined and trustworthy;
light work; moderate wages. Box US, Call.
WANTED— By a competent Protestant woman.
a position as housekpppor In hotel, first-class
lodtring-house or private home: will assist
with sewing or take charge of doctor's of-
fice or gentleman's" club. Box 4874. Call.
JAPANESE, honest, faithful girt" wants sltua-
tlon to do help In a family. Box 168, Call. '
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 SO to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; . free
'bus and baggage to and ¦ from ¦ ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALEL
AMERICAN and wife wish situations on
ranch or dairy: m«in is a good ranch hand;
. also first-class butter and cheese maker: wife
Is a good cook and housekeeper. Address
214 Filth st.
MIDDLE-AGED man and wife. German speak-
ing, no children; man good driver and handy
about place; wife good cook or housework;
best references. Address HENRY, room 12
967 Clay St., Oakland. . .
WANTED by a flrst-class baker— A position In
country; working alone preferred. Address
box S3, Cell office.
COOK — A middle aged man would like to get
- a place to do plain cooking in a small coun-
try town. Please address Cook, 549 Howard.
JAPANESE dentist wants situation as me-
chanical assistant at dental parlor. Address
TAKE. 1C5 Prospect place. ,
EXPERIENCED tin and glassware packer
wishes position. Box 15, Call office.
A PRACTICAL ladles' cutter and tailor wishes
position at once. Box; 121, Call .office. ;
FIRST-CLASS gardener wishes a situation : on
gentleman's place; can take care of horse
and buggy: and milk a cow. 'Address P. S.,
gardener. 315% Jessie St., city. ¦ •
Al MARRIED man wants . charge" orchard,
stock or private place; first-class references.
Box 6,/ San Mateo.
PERFECT sweet and dry wlnemaker, 20 years'
experience, best . references, wants situation. '
Box 151. Call office. . - .'¦-,, •¦ --
WANTED— By flrst-class barkeeper, situation
in city or country. Box 148. Call" office. ;
JAPANESE faithful boy wants to work In store
or office; best reference. ,, Box , 119, Call office.
HELP W A WTWT1 — M A MS— O»n.
"WANTED— Coal miners. Monterey County: good
wages and board. For particulars call 904
Spreckels building, between 10 and 11 a, m.
COLORED young man of good appearance to
work at soda water fountain: no experience
required. Call between 9 and 11 a. in. at
BLUM'S confectionery, cor. Polk and Sutter.
MAN as correspondent and office manager;
must have $250 to invest; good wages. Box
59. Call office.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weavervtlle. Trinity, Co.. Cal.: apply on
work: steady work, good board and best
wages In State. - San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st. room 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. _________
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of gooa
character, between the ases of 21 and 3o: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 ElHs st.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barbel- trade: only requires eight
weeks; positions secured at $60 monthly;
special inducements this month; write _ at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GLASS WORKS STARTS SEPT. 3D.
BOYS WANTED!
Apply ABRAMSON-HEUNISCH GLASS CO..
Fifteenth and Folsom sts.
ROCK drillers and quarrymen. Apply 232
Montgomery st. j
"WANTED— A man that understands nursery I
wcrk and floral business. Call 500 Halght st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN and boys to learn to make shirts; good
pay; steady work. Lowenberg & Co.; 27 Jessie.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A.. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 30c up. 241 Third st.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. S81 Market at.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
Folsom st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
¦ army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1096
Valencia st. ; .
HORSES AND WAGOXS.
IT. BRANDENSTEIN & CO. has remove* from
631 Mission st. to 819 Folsom st.. with an as-
sortment of sale horses; also livery and board-
ing; new boarders solicited. WM. HELLIER.
H. BRANDENSTEIN.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. S. F.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. .721 Howard st.
FOR sale — Pair of stylish dapple gray carriage
horses; French stock. Box 68, Call office.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. 51 Eighth st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOSPITALS. '
MENTAL & nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass st. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED. .
HOUSE of 10 rooms, partly furnished; furnace;
rent $35. f-1717 Webster st. near Bush.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED by a good tenant, an 8-room house
with a marine view in the northern part of
the city; state rent. Address Mariner, P. O.
box 24S5, city.
HYPNOTISM. ~ ~~~
SAN Francisco School of Psychology; chronic
and nervous diseases a specialty: stammering,
liquor and tobacco habits cured r practical In-
structions in hynotlsm, etc. Office 504 Par-
rott building. \
LOST AND FOUND. «
LOST — A small purse by a poor young man
containing $100 in gold; money not his own.
Return to J. E. VROOMAN. care Western
Meat Co., Sixth and Townsend sts.
LOST Thursday evening— A purse containing
money on Van Ness ave., between Golden
Gate and Market st. , Please return to 127
Locust ave.
LOST — On Powell st.. between Post and O'Far-
rell, a heavy black feather boa. Finder re-
turning boa to 404 Post st. will be suitably
rewarded.
LOST — A lady's gold watch and pin. between
free library at City Hall and Larkln st. ; re-
ward. 1451 Franklin st
LOST at the" Emporium— A lady's finger purse.
Return to MRS. C. H. TOWNSEND, 4036
" Twenty-fifth st., and receive liberal reward.
$25 REWARD for St. Bernard dog; sable and
white markings; name Emperor. 16 Third st. .
LOST — Short-coated St. Bernard dog. Return
to WM. CLUFF CO., cor. Front and Plrie,
and receive reward; lost for a week.
LOST— Lady's gold watch. . on September 3.
Suitable reward by leaving at 349 Bush st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver "to make new watch cases.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for latest list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st;
¦tel. Bush 421.
______ _ _____
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble, call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In
all cases taken; the most obstinate cases
have been relieved by my treatments: free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases.. DR. G
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. 6th.
RETURNED :.:......:... '
MRS. DAVIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will be pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 122S Market st.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F.
DR~i TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only 997
Market St., corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dles* specialist; a prlv. home before aad dur-
lng confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, removed
from Market st to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. D. WYETH'S Maternity~Horne removed
from Post to 410 O'Farrell st. near Taylor.
MINES AND MINING. ~ ~
.WANTED-^Flacer properties. Send full nar.
. tlculars to box 96, Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR. SALE.
BOILERS, engines/ 2d-hand machinery Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021 10'3
Mission st. above- Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs.' Gramophones, $3 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones.
$lo0; 2d-hand Phonographs.Gramophones very
¦ cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
HORSE and buggy for sale— Price $40; must be
sold before Tuesday. The Barker place. | Dta-
' mond st, bet. Telegraph and Broadway," off
Forty-ninth St., Oakland."
__B_B_H__MR____l&&Q^V__i__l_B___9_H__________l
MISCELLANEOUS— FOK 8/ lE— Con.
30-H.P. boiler and 25-H.P. engine complete.. $-"WO
20-H.P. boiler and 15-H. P. engine complete. J2.V)
10-H.P. boiler and 8-H.P. engine complete. $123
6-H.P, boiler and 4-H.P. engine complete.. $30
Also pipe, fittings, etc. H. S. WHITE. 518
Mission st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
AS UNCLE HARRIS has retired from business^
information about articles left with him caa
be had at 14 Grant ave., room 23, 11 to 1 p. m.
$200— FURNITURE in 7-room flat; central; 1
rooms rented. Apply at once to J. T. GIB-
SON. 1204 Market st. ;
NEW or 21-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold. «xch. ; 1 4-H.P. Covejit
1 2%-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
1901 COLUMBIA, Rambler, Snell. Orient and
other second-hand bicycles cheap: send for
list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkln St.
FINE counter, 60 feet. In four parts; suitable
for office, store, bank or bar. L. & M.
ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
A— $3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hata. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
COLLEGE Kennels has thoroughbred dogs and;
pups of all descriptions. 115 Halght st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
ALLIGATOR leather lined grips. $3 50. Misfit
Clothing Parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton st.
FULL dress suits. $10. Misfit Clothing Parlor*
(upstairs), 23 Stockton st (Suits rented.)
CUSTOM made uncalled-for pants. $2 5a Misfit
Clothing Parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton at.
UNCALLED-FOR suits from leading tailors.
Misfit Clothing Parlora (upstairs). 23 Stockton.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. Sit Mission St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry: cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 128 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand, modern engines and
boilers bought and sold." KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold.
rented, exchanged. H. &. White, 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 215 California st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
ALL stamped checks bought; documentary and
proprietary stamps. 1008 Call building.
WANTED— At once, old sealskins; wilt pay
highest cash prices. Box 97, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Folsom 2523.
MONEY TO JLOAX.
AA-MANHATTANHLol^rcOMPAXr!
$3CO,00O at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests la
real estate, and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5021. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 'PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhera
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHYT603 Examiner building—
$5, COO, COO at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
; erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manutacturing, mercantile and timber
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S63. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market st ; tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603. .
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
Advances life Insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank bogka
In liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON" furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
A — ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F.. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Lean Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate' or for" building; "
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
MUSICAL IXSTRITMEXTS.
THK^EN^f_XuVAliT MUSIC~Co!I "~~~~
769 Market st,
San Francisco. Cal.
We are going to celebrate our twenty-flfth
anniversary In a short time, and we are go-
ing to present to the public the finest ,lln»
of ptanop that have ever been shown here.
' We have on our floors a great many fine in-
ftrument* that we are going to clear off so
as to make room for the goods that are to s
arrive shortly.
Come in and let us show you these fine
pianos and also let us tell you the price.
We won't put prices in here because we ar«
selling these specials so close, but don't miss
your chance; come and take advantage of this
ertcriflce.
A BONANZA FOR SNAP HUNTERS.
PIANOS.
1 good upright. $55; 1 better. $85.*
2 good grands. $175. $195.
6 uprights. $135. $155. $130, $190. $195.
Also Conover. Steinway, Weber, Vose, Curtaa,
Decker Bros., Pease. Standard, llttlo used.
ORGANS.
1 e-stop. $39; 1 7-itop, $44.
1 7-stop, $43; 1 fine like new, $64.
1 2-manual. $75; 1 16-stop. Liszt style.
Mason & Hamltn, very fine. $150.
Ea«y payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOI*.
16 O'Farrell st Chlckerlng Agency.
14.C0O sq. feet; largest and oldest piano honse.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway <
uprijrht or baby grand piano any tlma within./
t years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright Dlanor. $( per
month: some rood pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY * CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
•ta., San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest America 1
makes. Including Hallet-Davls; great bar-
gain list. $30 up; Steinway. J1S3 up; Klschvr.
$100; Chickering. $165; 20 other*, rents S3 up;
great i inducements to agents. 217 Geary st
ANY piano sold by us taken back any t!m«
within 3 years and full purchase erica al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER { CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st: established 1850.
PIANOS— Steck. Everett. Hardmtn, Packard.
Ludwlg and others; 20 different factories rep-
resented: wholesale and retail. THE WILET
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. fopp. Mason):
branch store. 951 Broadway. Oakland.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS! *~
Pohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Lester, Ham-
ilton and Pplelman pianos to be had new
only at BYROV MAUZY*S. 2C*. SIP. 312 Post
LEFT on sale— Novella upright. $37: Steinway
upright. $165. Room 38. 217 Geary st >
ABSOLUTE sacriflce^-Flne large 3-pedal np-
right piano: leaving city. 770 O'Farrell st
STEINWAY. $200: Hartman. S100-. ele«rant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bids'.
ELEGANT piano as good ps new: standard
make: a sacrifice. Hornung's 21S McAllister.
AT KEEFFK'S. 22 Turk »t. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIEP.CE"3
Tlano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts. ,
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $27i(f
BRUENN. 208 Port at. _?/
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—^ALJ!.^
SOBER business man wishes position in office
¦ -or store; can drive business wagon; speaks
. French. German and English. - AddresB box
2306. Call, of flee. Oakland. <
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦'•¦ . .
FEATHERS RENOVATED. , .
FEATHER pillowa & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 ValencIa;tel.Capp 2682.
~~ ~' FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)-^We
'have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies' incor-
• porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
PLATS TO LET.
$65^93T~EDDY~stT, "near^FrankrinT "11" beautiful
new upper fiat Just completed, containing all
modern conveniences, 10 rooms and bath, sa-
loon, reception hall, etc. ; can be rented with
carpets if desired. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE
& CO., 218-220 Montgomery st. .
LOWER flat, 7 rooms, bath; 2 patent closets;
high concrete basement; modern improve-
ments; $23. 130 Second ave., near California.
COLE, 769-771, bet. Beulah and Frederick st*.—
Fine rew sunny fists, 7 rooms . and bath;
rent, reasonable. ... .
NINETEENTH. 4052— Sunny corner flat, five
rooms and bath. .
STEVENSON, 413, near Fifth— Upper flat, 5
rooms; rent $13; water free.
TO LET— Sunny flat of 4 rooms. Northwest
corner Broderlck and Post sts.; rent $10.
. MODERN sunny B-room flat. S16 CaDD St.,
! near Twenty-fourth. -
; FLAT of 4 rooms, bay window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma St.. between Eighth and Ninth.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath. 21 Belcher st., between Sanchez and
Church. Thirteenth and Fourteenth.
FRAMES AND PICTURES:
CLYDE L. KELLE^rr28^^H"aye97nnV. r ' Ness-
Stylish effects; High-grade work; Lowest prices.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 E0— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom'1328.
Searey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th-.
* ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
3000 yds carpet, 2 silk plush sofas, massive wal-
" nut ext. table. D. Gr^enwalt. 708 Valencia st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. •
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
A. L. j Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave. ; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761. before sellins furniture, car-
. pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
¦ GLOVES. \~~
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP \VASTED FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 head waitresses, $30; 9 waitresses, flrst-class
city hotels, $20 and $25; 12 waitresses, com-
mercial hotels, $20 and)2S; 4 chambermaids to
wait, $20. J
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook who understands English cooking, small
family, $30; cook, German family, $30; 2 sec-
, ond girls, $25; German second girl, $20, light
work; housegirl, country, $25, see lady here;
. upstairs girl and seamstress, $25; nurseglrl,
$15; young nurse, one child, in hotel, $10, sleep
home.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO........ 335 Geary st.
TEN more extra waitresses for different places,
some to start to-day; call early; $150 day;
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WAITRESSES, cooks, housegirls, nursegirls,
tecond girl3. in fact, help of all kinds can
secure work at be3t of wages; call and Inves-
tlgate. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A — FOUR extra waitresses, Capltola, $1 60 per
day. free fare, start Sunday. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Working housekeeper, , no. objection
to one child, ' $15; cook for Porterville, see
party here, $30: 4 cooks. German style, $23.
$30: 4 hotel waitresses, $20: 8 restaurant
waitresses, $7, $8 week; nurse. for,3 children,
country, $25; parlor maid and waitress, $25;
chamber work and sewing, $25: 50 girls for
all kinds of housework, city and country, call
early. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
—Waitresses," city and, country hotels, $25.-
OPERATORS on overalls at Levl Strauss &
Co.' s. factory. 32% Fremont St.; good wage..;
r.o experience necessary. Apply to MR.
. DAVIS.
HAND SEWERS WANTED.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.,
". 26^ Fremont st.
Apply to Mr. Hlndshaw. 1
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants: steady work
guaranteed; good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO..
641 Market st.
WANTED In Sausallto — A young German girl
to do light second work and assist with care j
of two children (aged 10 and 6); winter to be
spent In town. Call on Saturday between 12
and 1:30 p. m. at 2501 Gough st.
EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted for al-
teration departments. Apply between 8 and
10 a. m., I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43 Ellis st.
HAIUDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage,
' manicuring taught In 2 weeks for $5; employ-
I mer.t guaranteed." College, 143 Stockton, r. 15.
WANTED in an American family of four
adults a girl for general housework; wages
[« $20. Apply 2S22 Pine st. J
WANTED — An experienced tailoress. Apply 1
the RED FRONT, S57-S59 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS millinery trimmer wanted.
MISS RICHARDS, 9C2 Valencia St.
YOUNG German girl to do light housework
and care for children. 528 Potrero ave.
i WANTED — First-class girl waitress at Breuss
Cafe, 70 Third st.;'$Sper week.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted; bookbindery.
536 Clay at. '
WArTRESS wanted at Central Restaurant, 1191
j Market Bt. ¦
' GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
! ing. Apply at 1062 Fulton st.
wanted. 657 Clay st.
HAND sewers, crocheters and • apprentices.
f I GANTNER & MATTERN, 1017 Hyde St.. near
[ California.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' silk and wool
¦ waists; also apprentices. S. F. Mfg. Co., 523
Market st.
WANTED — Tailoress; also apprentice on. vests.
O. SIEGELER. < 61 Jessie st.
WANTED— A . chambermaid at the Manhattan
House. 825 Battery st.
DIGNIFIED business j woman to travel for
wholesale house. Box 146, Call office.
GIRL wanted to learn corset-making. ' Apply
after 9 a. m. at 247 Geary st.
GIRL or woman for light housework and care
of 2 children. 728 Ellis st. . .
WANTED— Students to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, bleaching and dyeing, in two
weeks for $5. Boston Hair Dressing College,
f20V4Tajior st.. near Post '¦ ¦ ¦ 4
OPERATORS on overalls. Apply HEYNE-
MANN & CO.. 9 Hill st., oft Valencia, be-
tween -Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for cooking and
I downstairs work; small family. 1918 Jack-
son st., call 8 to 10. ' •
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and negli-
gee shirts; best prices; steady work. LOW-
. ENBERG & CO., 27 Jessie st.
APPRENTICES to learu tailoring: paid whlla
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st.
GIRL to assist In housework and bakery. Cor-
ner Duncan and Sanchez sts. •
GIRL for cooking and . housework; | references
required. 1101 Green st., corner Leavenworth.
COOK In private family; references; wages $25.
Apply. 115 : Beulah st., near Shrader.
CHOCOLATE dipper. -538 Washington st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; good pay;
steady work. . E41 Market st. . ,
WANTED— Women tor light work on fruit.
.1731 Folsom »t. ;'¦.• ' . ; ." . " ¦;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia it. ','¦¦¦; ".-"¦¦ ,- ¦, - V ¦ - ir '. ¦ / . "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st. .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY .... ...634-636 Clay st.
, Leading Employment and Labor." Ag?ntr.
; Phone Main 6848. :....
;...... ATTENTION RAILROAD MEN!
ET ATTENTION RAILROAD MEN! ......
35C teamsters and laborers, Ukiah, free........
75 men to cut right of way, Ukiah, free
.50 laborers, section and ballast gangs, free.
SHIP 3 times dally
...... SANTA FE CO.'S OWN WORK.....".
175 laborers to work on section, steel ballast
and extra gangs at Stockton, Fresno, Bakers-
fleld and Merced division?. •
FREE FARE.. SHIP DAILY
........;... MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenter, house work, $3 to $3 30 day, see
does here: plasterer for an Institution, $3 day
and found; blacksmith for a sawmill co.. $60;
machine blacksmith; $3 to $3 50 day; engineer
.who can 'do aome blacksmith work, ranch,
see boss here; sheet metal worker, {3 day; 2
harness makers, camp and ranch, $33 and $10
and found; 2 stonemasons, rubble work; car-
¦ penter for a factory; shingle packer, see boss
i...... MINERS— LABORERS.
4 single hand miners $75
* 2 miners. South. ?60; 5 more laborers, mine
North, no experience, $60: 15 laborers, no ex-
perience required for different gold, silver
' and other mines, $60, $45 and $40 and found;
6 muckers, $75; 6 quarry men, 60c fare, $60;
5 drillers and hammersmen, $60; 2 quarry
men, $40 and found ; 5 laborers, Santa Clara
Co., $34 and found; 150 laborers, different
places, city nad country.
MISCELLANEOUS. FARMS. ETC. ....
Choreman and make butter, private place,
$25; deckhand dredger, see boss here;. 3 deck-
hands, $40; stablemen, 30c fare, $30 and
found; hostler, $60; hostler, near city, $30 and
found; 5 buggy washers and stablemen, dry
goods" clerk, country; choreman, private
place. $25; 10 laborers, sawmill company.
• Sonoma Co., $30 and found; 5 crosscut saw-
' yers, $45 and found ; . 27 . farm hands and
teamsters. $26 to ?40 and found ; 7 choremen
and boys; 3 hey. balers, etc.
.. BUTCHERS, HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ..
Butcher and drive wagon, country shop ....
$30 and found, see boss here
Cook for officers' mess, mine
$50 and fd., fare paid, see boss here to-day
Night cook. Trinity Co... $40 & fd., fare paid
Ranch cook, 75c fare $30 and found
Ccok for few men, camp .$25 and found
Second cook ¦. : $40
2 waiters, mining camp »30. see boss here
2 camp waiters, near city, $30; porter;
kitchen help, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— FRUIT PICKERS ...LOOK HERE
...MEN AND STRONG BOYS
25 men and boys to pick and work in all
kinds of fruits for a large company's or-
chard, $30 and found, $1 50 fare, no experience
required, anybody will suit on this job
25 hop pickers $1 per hundred
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN, & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad Work '.Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fare
.FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters* $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
FOR TRUCKBE
B0 masons' helpers $175 to $2
100 laborers $175
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 drillers and headers : $2 25 to $2 50
100 muckers and laborers $2
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
60 laborers, section work $1 75
Free Fare Ship Daily .Free Fare
Horseshoer for railroad camp In Oregon, $2 50
'a day, free fare; 2 blacksmiths, country shop,
$3 a day; buggy washer, near city, $50 and
room; -20 laborers for sawmill and woods; 20
farmers, choremen, milkers, stablemen and
others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT...
Hotel butcher, country. $70 to $80; hotel sec-
ond cook, $70; fry cook, restaurant, $60;
baker, country, $14 a week; 2 bell boys, coun-
try hotel, $20. see party here; 20 dishwashers.
vegetable men, kitchen hands. $20 to $30
C. Tt. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. I
59 Third 3t., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
• ; RAILROAD LABORERS.
UKIAH! ..UKIAH!
.:.... FREE FARE'.
50 R. R. laborers, Uklah $2 per day
50 R. R. teamsters, Ukiah.. $2 to $2 25 per day
60 axmen, Ukiah $2 per day
Free fare to Fresno, Merced and Bakersfleld.
50 shovelers for Santa Fe R. . R. : 50 section
hands for Santa Fe R. R. $175 per day
10 lumber pilers and yard men .'.$2 a day
10 laborers, country $2 per day
Mexican to make tamales, Seattle.. Free fare
10 quarrymen. $2 per day, board $4 20 per
week •
Old man for private place, country, free
fare, $10
WANTED— Young man as typewriter and
stenographer for store, $9 a week and In-
crease; laborer for cement sifting. $2 a day;
gardene_r and wife, south. $50; poultryman
and wife, $50; farmer and wife, $10; milker
and canwashers. ¦ $40; farmers, $25; carpet
layer and. upholsterer, country. $3 a day. " Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton St.— Shampooer
. for springs. $35 and found; butler, $15; chore-
» man, private place. $20; pantryman, hotel,
$30; waiter, boarding-house, $30; waiter, help's
hall. $23; waiter, country. $30; dishwasher, $15
to $30; cook, small camp. $25; broiler, $60;
night cook, $9 a week; kitchen hand, $30, etc.
¦ A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12:
' Cook for officers mess, $50; second cook, coun-
try. $40; 6 waiters, country, $30; bell boy, $20;
4 colored waiters, near city, $35, steady Jobs.
A FOREMAN for laundry; must understand
shirt starching: $50; country. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st. ,
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market st., room 207,
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Strevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
¦where employes are bearded and lodged on
eteamer lying alongside;, men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
• Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers;, steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 203 Examiner
i building.
y . •
WANTED— A steady, sober man with $75 for
a plain every-day business; will pay $15 to
$18; hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; place per-
manent. California . Business Exchange, 78
Third St., room 2. ! ¦
WANTED— Bright, v honest office boy. 10. or 12
years old, who lives with his parents. Ad-
dress box 172, Call office.
MAN who understands fruit picking; small
apple and prune orchards; share half profits;
ranch rented if desired. Box 173, Call office.
MAN and wife with $1000 can find splendid
opening if they possess ability to manage
and push profitable business. .Box 155, Call.
MARINE firemen, lumber stevedores, sailors;
non-union; no office fees. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny st., room 24.
STRONG Intelligent young man. S. N. WOOD
- & CO.. corner Powell and Eddy.
BOY wanted in tailor store. 106 Stockton st.
TEN able-bodied men 'for warehouse work at
206 California st. , ¦ ¦
MAN to cook and wait at table. Olympic Cafe,
44 Stockton st.
WANTED— Dishwasher, small restaurant. 103
Hayes St., call early.
WANTED— Cash boys with references. LIV-
INGSTON BROS., 123 Post st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 663 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ATTENDANT, for Invalid; must speak Ger-
man; state age and experience. Box 174, Call.
WANTED— Cooks, • waiters, porters, dishwash-
ers and kitchen help; no fee. 127 Mason st.
DISHWASHER. 315 Grant ave.
BARBER— Steady; good wages. 947 Fillmore
St., corner McAllister.
WANTED— Cook for small restaurant, lili
Central ave.
BARBERS, attention— To- let. 953 Howard.
¦ near Sixth; central location. ¦ —
WANTED— First-class saloon porter; wages
$35. 152 Eaat st. , ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
GOOD, general blacksmith. 2416 Santa Clara
• ave., Alameda. ¦
GOOD barber for. Saturday and Sunday; good
wasres. 36 Sixth st. ¦
VEGETABLEMAN wanted; ? good pay; must
understand short-order work. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— Bright ' young man from 20 to 25
years of age. Apply at HALE BROS.
PRESSER on pants. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO., 541 Market st. .
FOR tale — Flrst-class hotel = barber shop In
mountain town. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh.
WANTED— Active young 7 man to drive milk
wagon In Oakland. Box 149. Call offlce.f ¦ •>
WANTED— A harness-maker. B. SAMMAN.
1238 Flllmore st. ¦ • . . .
WANTED— A man or boy with some experi-
ence In grocery. business. "Box 131. Call.. • ,~
WOMAN wants working : partner. ¦ SO Hannah
Oakland.. Watts Tract.SATURDAT, SEPTEMBER T.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; thn
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference ls the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
September 6, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge*
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
HOTEL ABRIVALa
GRAND HOTEL.
W A Dobbin, St Paul
J A Duffy. St Paul
A W Maltby & w, N H
M N Falkenstein. Cal
H Tietlg Jr, Clnn
A H Denny, Etna • '
J W McBridc, Etna
S T Pemsbn, Salt Lake
S.Sproat, Salt Lake.
E Sproat, Salt Lake
Mrs P Sproat. Sit Lake
G C Lynch. N Y
A T Eltres & w. Cal
O O Webber, Sta Rosa
J O Home," Sta Rosa
C Lindner- &' w,' Cal •
J E .Toogood; . Chicago
J E Manerhan, NY"
S M Haskell & w, Cal
C J Berry & w, Selma
C T Klngsley. Tucson
G A McElfresh. L Ang
H Henderson &lw, Cal
H E Carter, Los Ang
W G Hunt & w. Ls An
R S Booth, Eugene " .
M E Dittmar. Redding
C Brands, Portland
T M Tomllnson, Seattl
J ; Reardon, Butte ¦
J Fitzgerald, Spokane
G H Schiller. Redding
J A McKee, Redding
I M Bedell, Woodland
G Jessen, WatsonvM*
D A Carpenter, Denver
M Harding. Minn
B Harding, Minn
C M McLouth. Cal *
W D Mattlgan. Stockn
W E Blair, Reno , .
C M Smith, Los Ang
C F McComb, Duluth .
J L Stanton. Los Ang
C H Griffin, Lob Any
T D Reed, Reedley
D E Mitchell, N Y
R S' Carter. Palo Alto
T S Obrar, St Louis
O Y- Woodward & w.
Woodward Island
Miss A J Gastien, Cal
J L Coy. Vallejo
J Howard. Valleio
R N Park. Stanford -
J H Gardiner. Cal
F D King & w, Reno
C H Ellison. Sacto
D Grant & w, Toronto
J M Peart. Or
J Coughalan, Artmckle
D D Fagan, Or ¦ -
C L Deamlr, Dawion
JB Coats. Dawson
PALACE .HOTEL,
B U Stelnman, Sacto
G Huddelstay St. w, NY
AV E Barrett, Mich
V Conn, Oregon
J H Conn;- Oregon ¦'-•'
J Frisbie & w, Mexico
Mrs Segulerce &d, Mex
C H Shtra. N Y
A Vreeland, N T'
G J Cote. 8t Louis /
I. Phipps. L Aug A
H R Roberts. Keswick
A EiSleeper & w, Mo
S Kimball & w, N S
P W Kimball/ N J
E M Ross, L Ang % ;
R S Booth©, Oregon
G L Boothe. Va - ¦
WHolllngsworth, L A
Mrs Schroder, Detroit
J J Davis & w, LAo;
H W Smith, Boston
W A Junker. Dl Monte
G Groesbeck, NY
H-B Kelly; Cal '->:•'
C W.Tyrer. Cal -
J F Elliott. N Y .
W E Weed. NY
E 8quire. Cal • • X .'
Mrs F Buck. Vacavill*
E B Murphy. Phlla
H Schwezel, Austria
Dr 3chultz, Samoa
J A Davison, NT
A Goldsbrough, Wash
H C Leaks, N Orleans
W W Leaks Jr. New
Orleans . . ¦ . •¦•.-.
Miss Leake, N Orleans
- NEW .WESTER NHOTEL:
Mrs A J Probst, Los A
G Bunnett. Pilot Hill
H A BunnettPilot Hill
A L Willis.- Seattle ••
A Bragg,' Australia
R W.Darrkch, Phila *
F McKenna, Niles !
C Uolauis t_ Los Aus
P Riley, Colusa "- .
C Neel, Colusa
J H St Clair, Denver
A F Baughman. K City
J "W .Van Meter. Mex
A R Davont, Los Ang
T Ronlo.Los Angeles
B Bradford & w. Omaha
Builders' Contracts.
George F. Conway (owner) with Edward Gin
ley (contractor), plans by owner — All work ex
cept mantels, chandeliers, gas and water for a
two-story frame building on E line of Eighth
avenue, 201:6 S of Clement street, S 25 by E
120; $2600. ' .' - ¦' •' • ¦ ~
Mrs. Margaret Walsh (owner) with Hannah
Bros, (contractors), . architect C. 8. HcNally —
All work except plumbing, gas fixtures, man
tels and shades *or a two-story frame building
with brick basement (flats) on W line of Web
ster street, 72 N of Herman, N 24 by W 81:3;
$3675. ,
W,, F. Whlttler to Catherine A. Gavin (wife
of John Gavin), lot on N line of Union street.
49.41 E of Franklin, E 25, • N 117.329. W 23, a
117.229; $10.. • L- -
David Owens to M. S. Galvln, undivided %
of lot' on S line of Chestnut street. 110 W of
Buchanan, W 27:6 by S 120: $10.
Austin Hutchinson to John H. Leicht, lot on
N.llne of Greenwich street, 191:3 E of Scott,
E 80 by N 137:fi; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Amy
C. Gouraud, lot on SW corner of Valencia and
Fourteenth streets, S 130 by W 401; $ . .
Charles C. Judson (surviving trustee and
executor of the estate of Egbert . Judson. John
L. N and Cordelia M. Shepard) to San Fran
cisco Chemical Company (corporation), lot on
W line of Valencia street, 65 N of Fifteenth,
W 600, N 35, E.42, N 96,* E to Valencia, S 130:
also lot on N line of Fifteenth street, 60"E of
Guerrero N 65, H 3*. S . to Fifteenth, ,W 27;
also property in outside counties; consideration,
stock, etc. • '.¦¦ ',..-.
Prl3Cllla B. Davidson to James Davidson, lot
on W line of Treat avenue, 245 S of Twenty
second street. S 45 by W 122:6; $10..
p F and Ellen M. Goodwin to Female Re
ligious' Order of St. Dominic (corporation), lot
on W line of Guerrero street, 50 S of Twenty
fourth, S 50 by W 125; also lot' on. S line of
Twenty-fourth street. 125 W of Guerrero, ¦ W
25 by S 125; $10. \ ' ..'
Security Loan Association to Margaret Bride
shaw (wife of William), lot on ,W line of
VickBburg street, 215 S of Twenty-third, S 20
by W 92; $10., ¦ •• : - ' :'¦¦'¦ ¦ . ,
City and County of San Francisco to German
Savings and Loan Society, lot on SE corner of
Sacramento Leidesdorff streets, . Ei45, S
S0:10, E 10, S 18:6, W 55, N 98:6; $ .
Henry E. and Jennie W. Bothln to Jules
Auradou, lot on NW line of Brannan street,
200 NE of Sixth. NE 75 by NW 110; $10.
< Jacob and 'Una Heyman to Anna Huldhusen*
lot on E line of Forty-ninth avenue, 150 N of
J street.' N 50 by E 240 (tocorrect 2 deeds); $10.
Same to Effle.J. Fox. lot on , S line of J
street, 86:6W of Forty-seventh avenue, W 46
by S 100; $10. . • - - -¦ - ' ' • •
Jacob Heyman •. Company (corporation) to
same, ' same ; $10. - ,
Julia Craven to Mary J. Craven, lot on S
line of ¦ M street," 82:8 W. of Eleventh avenue,
W 25 by S 100; alsolot-on W. line, of. Ninth
avenue 100 S of- N street, S 25 by W 120; J10. .
August Ericson to Olivia Erlcson, lot 8,
block R, Park Lane Tract, map 5; $10.-,
Bridget Daley to John P." Henry, lot 1596.
gift map 3; $10. .. . ..
i Margaret T. Price . and Catherine E. Adalr
(Edgar) and William H. Edgrar tO-;Wal<er N.
Reed, lot on N line of Preclta avenue, 94:3^
W of Shotwell street. W 25:8Vi,.N 93:7%, E
25, S 99:3; $10. ; v - : .v ¦'.-. ..,.;•
Alameda County.
John Tuohy* .to ¦ Relnfcard G. and- Harriet
Meyer, all ¦ interest in lots 5 and 6,. block F,
same\ Oakland Township; $10. ;
H. A.. Johnson to W. C. Moran, loton ; NW
corner Essex and Tremont streets, .W 104 by N
105 -block' O, portion of Newbury tract. Berke
ley;: $19. ' - • ¦ .- -' ' ¦ ¦¦¦ - ¦ ¦: ¦ .-
Myron S. and ' Marion ' B. . Holeomb to Robert
W. W. : Cryan,' all interest' In lot. on S: line- ot
El Dorado avenue, 332.70 E of Falrmount, , E
40 byiS-125..raap 2, Linda Vista Terrace, Oak
land ;; $2400. -.•¦¦• ¦ .- ¦ ,_j J -..,•¦- -.-.;
Waldo M. and Clara "W*. York to J. • '•< M.'
Whitworth, undivided : one-half \ of lot . on NW
corner * of -Virginia and' .Walnut streets.'- '«N
23LS8,- W-243,-8- 248.' E - 243/- block > C, ¦ Percy
Tract;. also lot on SW corner of Virginia and
Walnut streets, S 36S.30, .W 123, N 50, W 125,
N 301, E 243, block B, same; also undivided
one-half Interest in E 30 feet oh Shattuck ave
nue along and adjacent- to portions of blocks
B and C, same, warranty deed, Berkeley; $10.
Pauline Tod to Henry A. Hellwegen, lot on
N line of Clement avenue, 120 W of. Mulberry
stieet, W 30 by N 130, being a portion of
block 15, lands adjacent .to Encinal, Alameda;
$10. ¦
Henry J. and Fanny E. McCoy to Olivera G.
Holmes (wife of H. S.),,all interest- in, lot on
NW corner of Durant avenue and. Bowdltch
street, W 50 by N 130, block 10, College Home
stead Association, Berkeley; $1CO.
W. C. • and Llllie G. Moran to Mary A. and
C. Y. .Woods, lot on NW corner of Essex and
Tremont streets, W-104-by-N 34, block O, por
tion of Newbury Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Charles M. and Lena G. MacGregor to Jamea
B. Arthur lot on N line of Tompkins now
Oregon street, 80 W of Ralston now Grant, W
40 by N 100, block 5, State University. Home
stead Association No. 3, Berkeley; $10.
Le.wis S. and Molly A. Christenson to Harriet
W. Blake, all interest in lot on W line of
Warring street. 180 S of D wight way. S.60 by
W 133, block J, .property of John Kearney,
Berkeley; $100. . ¦ •
Mary and Adam McAuley to J. B. Lanktree,
intersection of S line of -University avenue and
dividing line plats 64 and 62. SE17, SW 12.20,
SE 121 NE 54.40, NW 137.65, SW 35.87, being
a portion of plats 62 and' 64, Rancho, V.- and
D. Peralta, ..Berkeley; ,?ll>-- . ¦< . .- • .
¦ Christopher A. i and Catherine Mulvey to
Charles A. .Vogel (married), all Interest In. lot
on N line of Fourth street. 125 W of Grove, ¦ W
26 -by N 100, block 47, Kellersberger's .map,
Oakland; ?10. ¦..,.* ...
. Edward J.' and Elizabeth B. Dodge to Her
man D. Cousins, lot; NW corner of Ellsworth
and Stuart streets, W 300 by N 134:6, Berkeley;
$20. ¦¦"¦- '¦¦¦¦¦ " '•¦ .--.--¦"'".-
Helen M. Kinne' : to Axel F." Enqulst and
James R. Wright; lot 81. block 4, Grove-street
Line Tract, Berkeley: J10. ¦• ,
Margaret T. Kelly (Mannion) (wife of J. .B.)
to H. N.Mfner, one acre on S line of Tyler or
Webster street, 386.82 W of Claremont avenue,
SW 143.43, SE 303.44, NE . 113.41, N W 303.97.
Berkeley; ?10. ; . ¦ , - . .
" Martin ¦ Costello to Kate . Costello. lot on W
nne of Magnolia ptreet. 250 N cf Thirty-fourth,
S 60, W 118:7. N 52:1. E to beginning, block 330,
Watts Tract,' Oakland; gift. • . '-
i Thomas Mulvihill to Joseph L. Bosso, lot on
E line of Telegraph avenue," 75 ' N ' of Forty
eighth street, N SO by E 106; portion of lots 25
and 28, Temescar- Park, Oakland; $10. t: - ¦
¦ Eliza ' C. Harden to Ann' Guy (wife of Wil
liam), lot on W line of Union street, 200 S of
West Tenth. S 25 by. "W 115,' block 549, map of
blocks 843, 550 and portion of 661, property . of
Colonel John Scott, Oakland; $10. • • ; '
George J. s and Euphemla Monck to Otto^W.
Blroth, lot on S line of Twenty-second or Char
ter Btreet, 300 W of Telegraph avenue,' 8 129:4^4
by W 25, being E half lot 6, Tuttle Homestead
Tract. Oakland; $1800. •
A. v Johnson , to Annla C. " Johnson, lot on W
line of Park ' street, : 185 8 of Stanford avenue,
S 40 by W. 100, block H./ Golden Gate Tract,
Oakland; sift. -. - ¦.,.
-Albert S. Woodbrldge to Daniel C. Dunn, lot
on SE:line of Twelfth avenue, -250 NW 1 of East
Twenty-fourth street, NE BO by SE • 150, block
150, ¦ Clinton, 'pub ject ¦ to~ mortgage," East Oak
land; ?1200. J -- ,-¦ ._¦•:;'¦ ; ,. . ¦••-.:¦ ¦. ¦ .:.
Ellen Pauline to ; Rose Roberts • (Williams),
undivided half of lot 65, Rock Island - Tract.
Berkeley; f 10. :V > ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. ..
*Z '?s-»l!Fridayv September V.?!
Stmr Point Arena,--Hafasen,-14" hours from
Mendocino.
. Tue Defiance, Trewren, 32 hours from Co
quille River.
Bktn Gardiner City, Walton, 6 days from
Grays Harbor. . . - - - • ~ ¦ -• ¦
Brig Geneva, Aas. 21 days from TTgraslk River.
Schr Marlon. Topfer; 16 days. from. Tacoma-
Schr Parkersbure, Elllngsen, 4 days from
Coqullle RlX'er.
Schr Wln«r- and Winr, Hansen, 4 days from
Coqullle River. . -. . . .-.. .
Ship Luclle, Anderson; 20% days from Uga
slk River. . , ¦ , . . :
Schr Newark, Cranjrle, 15 hours from Stew
arts Point.
Ship A G Ropes, Rivers. 82 days from Yo
kohama. • ¦- • ¦
CLEARED.
Friday, .September 6.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br jstmr Lennox. Williamson, Manila, via
MojlrU S Government.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Oyster Harbor;
R Dunnmutr's Sons Co.
Ship Santa Clara, Lindberg, Karluk; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Schr Mary E Foster, Thompson, Honolulu;
Williams, Dimond & Co. •
SAILED. ;. - ' - ,
Friday, September 6. ¦
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka. ¦
Stmr Pleiades. Smith, Seattle.
Stmr Giosy, Leland. Monterey, etc.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 6, 10 p m—Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Au* 28, lat 36 N, Ion 16 W— Br bark Gene
vleve Mollnos, ! from' Havre,- for ¦ San Fran
cisco. ¦ •
Per tu*r Defiance— Sept 6, 28 miles NW of
Point Reyes, ship McLaurin, from Bristol Bay
for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
POINT REYES— Passed Sept 6, at 9:30. a m—
Stmr^Newburg, Captain Peterson, bound from
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
NEWS OF THE OCBA1T.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Muriel will load lumber at Grays Har
bor for Honolulu; the Ursus Minor, lumber at
Eureka for Sydney.
Water Front Notes.
Somebody cut Captain Leale's barge-
Bullion adrift Thursday night, ''and yes
terday morning «she was high and dry on
Alcatraz. •---.¦. • .
The American ship A. G. Ropes arrived
from Yokohama yesterday In ballast.
, The cannery tender Jennie arrived from
Cooks Inlet yesterday. Before leaving
she towed the ship Centennial to sea on
August 27. The captain of the Jennie re
ports leaving -In port the steamer Bertha
and the ship Berlin.
The steamship Newburg, bound from
Grays Harbor for San Pedro, reported to
Point Reyes yesterday that she spoke the
French bark Empereur Menelik, fifty-nine
days from Newcastle, Australia, for San
Francisco.
The name of the new barkentlne Mat
thew Turner has been changed to Ama
ruth. The vessel was » namea without the
consent of the veteran shipbuilder, and
he refused to allow her to go to sea until
the name was changed. The Amaruth is
chartered to load lumber for Salinas
Cruz. . . • . ¦ - - - -
The freight transport Lennox Is sched
uled to Ball this morning for Manila. She
is laden with grain and fodder. . ... .
Another of the fleet of colliers coming
here from the East .for the coast trade
made port Thursday night. She is the
steamship Eureka of Falrport, Ohio, and
brings a cargo of 1800 tons of Pocahontaa
coal for the navy.
The Eureka had rather a hard time of It
on her way here, encountering in the Pa
cific a "heavy storm, which, damaged the
rudder. The vessel had. to be taken into
Talcahuano for repairs. Another start
was then made and the machinery got out
of gear. A stop was made at Valparaiso,
and after five days of hard work the Eu
reka was ready for sea again. She did
not make any more stops until San Fran
cfsco was reached.
A strange coincidence Is that while the
Eureka was putting into Talcahuano on
July 10 with her rudder, damaged the Me
teor, another of the fleet, was putting
into Rio de Janeiro with her rudder dam
aged.
JThe Eureka was built by the Cleveland
Shipbuilding Company of Lorain, Ohio, in
1899 for the Eureka Transportation Com
pany of Cleveland, Ohl<<. Her advent on
the coast will complicate matters some
what, as there is. already a- steamship
Eureka running 'between here and Hum
boldt Bay. • - *.'-.,.
Three Men in. a Boat.
Had It not been for Captain O'Donnell
of the launch C. A. McNeil two 1 men
from the steamship "Valencia and one
from the Naval Reserve steamship Marlon
•would have been drowned last Thursday
night. They started from Mission Bay in
a small' skiff, and when near the Mail
dock the back wash from the freight
steamer Thoroughfare nearly swamped
them. They floated around at the mercy
of the tide until the McNeil came along
and towed them to the Folsom-street
landing.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Bohemia,
from . Liverpool. „_ .
BOSTON— Arrived Sept 8— Stmr New Eng
land, fiom Liverpool.
TIENTSIN— Arrived Aug ?0— Nor stmr Thy
ra, from Portland, Or.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Ocean
ic, from Liverpool, for New Tork. •_
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Seot «— Stmr Co
lumbia, from Hamburg, for New York, via
Cherbourg.
MOVILLE— Sailed Sept R— Stmr Anchorla,
from Glasgow, for New York: stmr Australa
sia, from Liverpool, for Montreal.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SANTA ROSALJA-Arrived Aug 24-Br bark
Ivernia, from Hamburg.
CUXHAVEN— Passed Sect »— Br ship Ben
Lee, from Hamburg, for Slnta Rosalla-
PENCE— In - port July 17— Br ship Travan
core, for Tacoma.
CORONEL— In port, to Ball Aug 27— Br atmr
Kintuck, for St Vincent.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Seot S— Br snip
Marlon Frazer, for San Francisco. ¦ ¦
MOLLENDO— Arrived Sept 6— Ektn Katie
FUcklnger, hence June 7.
GUATEMALA — Sailed Sept 5-Ger atmr
Memphis, for San Francisco (direct).
VANCOUVER— Arrived Sept 6— Br stmr
M low era, from Sydney. • -
FOREIGN PORTS.
Grays Harbor, for San Pedro, and reported
having spoken Fr bark (probably) Empereur
Menellk. 69 days out from Newcastle, Aus,
for San Francisco.
. <- x - DOMESTIC - PORTS. • •
NEAH EAT— Passed In Sept 6— Bktn Cha« F
Crocker/ from Kobe, for Port Townsend; Nor
stmr Tltanla, hence Sept 1, for Nanalmo.
Sailed outward Sept S— Br stmr Wellington,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr San Pedro,
hence Sept 4.
EUREKA— Arrived Seot 6-^Stmr Ban Pedro,
henoe Sept 4; stmr Noyo, hence Sept t; schr
O M Kellogg, from Honolulu.
Sailed Sept ft-Stmr Pomona, for Ban Fran
cisco; stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 6— Ship Dashing Waw.
for San Francisco. - • -
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Sept &-8hi» Got
Robie, for Cape Town.
Passed Sent 6— Stmr Queen Adelaide, from
Skasuay, for Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Sept *— Bktn
Chas F Crocker, from Kobe. »
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 6-Stmr City of To
peka, from Skaguay. . •
Arrived Sept 6— U S. stmr Egbert, from
Nome.
Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Queen.
Sailed »Sept S— Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco. : . _ _.
SAN PEDRO-Salled Sept . »-Schr J H
Bruce, for Port Townsend. " '
UGASIK RIVER— Sailed Aug 1«— Brig Gene
va, for San Francisco.
In port, about ready to sail Aug IS— Bark
Nicholas Thayer, bark Agate, all for San
Francisco. _ , . .
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept «— Br itmr Knight
Companion, from Hoaskong. Sept 6— TJ S stmr
Philadelphia, hence Sept 3. '
Sailed Sept 6-Br bark Poltalloch. for Queens
town. ' \ •
POINT RETES— Passed Sept 8. at 1:80 a m—
Stmr Newburg, from Grays Harbor, for San
Pedro.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the . city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the, height of tide Is the same at both places.
Son, Moon and Tid».
Damaged Steering Gear and a Breakdown in the Engine-Room Ne
cessitated Long Stops at Two South American Ports — The
Vessel Brings a Cargo of Coal for the Mare Island Navy Yard
AFTER A NUMBER OF MISHAPS
THE EUREKA FINALLY ARRIVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1901.
15
Steamer.
•om.
Pomoi-a
Wellington.....
Progreso
South Portland
Mandalay......
Eureka
Ccrona
City Puebla
Arcata...'
Ascuncion ,
Mattewaan....
Titanta....
Czarina..
Santa Rosa....
Colombia
Point Arena...
Doric
San Bias
Memphis
"Walla Walla..
Eureka
Humboldt Sept. 7
Oyster Harbor Sept. 8
Tacoma Sept.. S
Coos Bay Sept. t
Coquille River Sept. 8
Humboldt Sept. 9
Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 9
Puget Sound Ports Sept. 9
Cops Bay Septt 9
Seattle Sept. 10
Tacoma Sept. 10
Nanalmo Sept. 11
Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 11
San Diego A Way Pts. Sept. 12
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 12
Point Arena Sept. 13
China and Japan Sept. 13
Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Hamburg & Way Pts. Sept. 14
Puget Sound Ports Sept. 14
Humboldt Sept. 14
Steamer.
Destination.
ISatls.
Pier.
San Jose.. —
North Fork...
Santa Rosa. . .
UmatiUa.....
Pomona
Point Arena.
Leelanaw
St. Paul......
Kureka.......
Arcata. .......
Curacao
Corona
Australia.
September 7.
Panama & Way..|
September 8.
Humboldt
San Diego & "Way.
Puget Sound Ports
September O.
Humboldt
Point Arena i
September 10.
N. Y. via Panama
Nome & St Michael
i September 11.
Humboldt
Coos Bay
Mexican Ports
Redondo & Way...
Tahiti . direct
September 12.
Hamburg & Way..
China and Japan..
Sydney & Way Pts
September 13.
Puget Sound Ports
September 14.
Valparaiso & Way.!
12 xn|
9 am
9 am
11 ami
1:30 p
2 pm
2 pm
10 am
9 ami
2 pm
10 am
9 am
10 am
PMSS
Pier 3
Pier H
Pier S
Pier 9
Pier 3
Pier 18
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 7
f-erapis.......
China.........
Ventura
12 m
lpm
10 am
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 7
City Puebla..
11 ami
Pier 9
Colombia.....
13 m
Pier 10
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
2ueen Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 7
Dity of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 8
-ha3. Nelson.. Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. 9
Portland Nome & St. .Mlnha»I.. Sept. 10
Bertha Valdez & Way Torts... Sept. 10
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 13
3aronne Nome direct..... Sept. 12
City... Skaruay & Way PorU. Sept. 13
Humboldt .. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 13
Centennial Nome & Teller.. Sept. 15
A.1-K1 Skaguay & Way Sept. 16
Sun
Sun
Moot
lsea
eta
rise*
5:45
.8:33
..0:25 a. m.
Dat»
7 • •
• ...
9 .%
10 ...|
11 ..
12 ...
13 ...
Time Time Time
Ft Ft.
L W H W L W
0:51 0.0 7:56 4.4 12:41
1:49 —0.1 8:51 4.7 1:43
2:40—0.1 9:36 5.0 3:46
3:23 0.0 10:19 5.2 3:38
4:05 0.2 10:55 6.4 . 4:22
4:45 0.5 11:27 5.4 5:05
6:21 0.9 11:59 5.4 5:46
Time
it. Ft.
H TV
3.0 8:43 5.3
2.7 7:54 5.5
2.3 8:56 5.5
3.0 9:51 &v3
l.S 10:41 5.4
1.3 11:» 5.2
1.1
Sun
Sun
Moot
lsea
eta
rise*
5:45
.8:33
..0:25 a. m.
Dat»
7 • •
• ...
9 .%
10 ...|
11 ..
12 ...
13 ...
Time Time Time
Ft Ft.
L W H W L W
0:51 0.0 7:56 4.4 12:41
1:49 —0.1 8:51 4.7 1:43
2:40—0.1 9:36 5.0 3:46
3:23 0.0 10:19 5.2 3:38
4:05 0.2 10:55 6.4 . 4:22
4:45 0.5 11:27 5.4 5:05
6:21 0.9 11:59 5.4 5:46
Time
it. Ft.
H TV
3.0 8:43 5.3
2.7 7:54 5.5
2.3 8:56 5.5
3.0 9:51 &v3
l.S 10:41 5.4
1.3 11:» 5.2
1.1
Steamer.
•om.
Pomoi-a
Wellington.....
Progreso
South Portland
Mandalay......
Eureka
Ccrona
City Puebla
Arcata...'
Ascuncion ,
Mattewaan....
Titanta....
Czarina..
Santa Rosa....
Colombia
Point Arena...
Doric
San Bias
Memphis
"Walla Walla..
Eureka
Humboldt Sept. 7
Oyster Harbor Sept. 8
Tacoma Sept.. S
Coos Bay Sept. t
Coquille River Sept. 8
Humboldt Sept. 9
Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 9
Puget Sound Ports Sept. 9
Cops Bay Septt 9
Seattle Sept. 10
Tacoma Sept. 10
Nanalmo Sept. 11
Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 11
San Diego A Way Pts. Sept. 12
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 12
Point Arena Sept. 13
China and Japan Sept. 13
Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Hamburg & Way Pts. Sept. 14
Puget Sound Ports Sept. 14
Humboldt Sept. 14
Steamer.
Destination.
ISatls.
Pier.
San Jose.. —
North Fork...
Santa Rosa. . .
UmatiUa.....
Pomona
Point Arena.
Leelanaw
St. Paul......
Kureka.......
Arcata. .......
Curacao
Corona
Australia.
September 7.
Panama & Way..|
September 8.
Humboldt
San Diego & "Way.
Puget Sound Ports
September O.
Humboldt
Point Arena i
September 10.
N. Y. via Panama
Nome & St Michael
i September 11.
Humboldt
Coos Bay
Mexican Ports
Redondo & Way...
Tahiti . direct
September 12.
Hamburg & Way..
China and Japan..
Sydney & Way Pts
September 13.
Puget Sound Ports
September 14.
Valparaiso & Way.!
12 xn|
9 am
9 am
11 ami
1:30 p
2 pm
2 pm
10 am
9 ami
2 pm
10 am
9 am
10 am
PMSS
Pier 3
Pier H
Pier S
Pier 9
Pier 3
Pier 18
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 7
f-erapis.......
China.........
Ventura
12 m
lpm
10 am
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 7
City Puebla..
11 ami
Pier 9
Colombia.....
13 m
Pier 10
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
2ueen Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 7
Dity of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 8
-ha3. Nelson.. Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. 9
Portland Nome & St. .Mlnha»I.. Sept. 10
Bertha Valdez & Way Torts... Sept. 10
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 13
3aronne Nome direct..... Sept. 12
City... Skaruay & Way PorU. Sept. 13
Humboldt .. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 13
Centennial Nome & Teller.. Sept. 15
A.1-K1 Skaguay & Way Sept. 16
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•— s Steamers leave* Bro— dway
_k. Wharf. San Francisco:
ESBiiii-- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
Mj^TOfit Eept. 4. 8. 13, IS. 23. 28, Oct.
»s£i?J33*»» '• Change to company's
faT&SirtWa steamers at Seattle.
IgV^SalVja For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
__2§C£jc_XU C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
f^^EfflSraU Tacoma, Everett and Xew
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m..
• *"« Sept. 4. 8. 13. 18, 23. 28. Oct. J.
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. :
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. By.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. „ .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:SQ p. m. Sept.
4, 9, 14. 19, 24. 29. Oct. 4. ,
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California. Wednesdays. 9
"For" Los Angeles, calling ' at Santa Crux
Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (»Corona only>— Steamer Co-
rona, Saturdays, it, a; steamer Bonlta. Tues-
days* 9 a. m.
Fof Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.}- 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company
folders.
The company reserves the right to cnanj*
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
without previous notice. . . .
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS &. CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"COLUMBIA B.IVER ROUTE."
Portland to all points East and in the North-
"Chicago-Portland Special."
Superior Service— Quick Time.
• ' THE SHORT LINE TO
Walla "Walla and Spokane, and the Baker City,
Lewiston. Coeur d'Alene and Boise City
Gold Mining Districts.
T>. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montsomery st.. Sa.n Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
HIT TOILS. SOUTH AHPTOK, LONDON. PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Wednesdays, at 10 a. ra.
St. Paul Sept. tflPhiladelDhla ....Oct. 2
Haverford Sept. ?» St. Paul Oct. 9
St. Louis Sept. 2."|St. Louts Oct. 18
RED STAR LINE:
New York and Antwerp.
From New York 'Wednesdays, at 13 noon.
Kensington ....Sept. 151 Southwark Oct. 9
'Zeeland • Sept. 2." 'Vaderland Oct. 18
Friesland Oct. 2lKensington ......Oct. 23
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUDAMERICANA DS VAPOREei
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and' South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 13 m.
COLOMBIA Sept. H|AREQXJTPA Oct. 12
TUCAPET. Sept. WllJMARI Oct. t«
These steamers are - built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 313 California street.
BALFOUR. GTJTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
__MPSICAJi iySTRUMKITTS Com.^
>^V°I? ER cle& alng-out gjj, of etorage pianos
S£r?Sf,£ wa prtc «: *« Installments: no reserve.
TTILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 17M Market, St.
E V7t^ I 55 elthers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
G 2?5^rT^SP n<1 " han<1 uprlsnt for sale cheap.
PCHMITZ. 1« McAllister at.
. OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in rood order; all
«jgg«; cheap. H. 8. WTTTTE. Cie Mission rt.
'^OFFICES AJiD STORES TO LET.
PINE corner: new plate-glass front;" rooms"" in"
rff r i, 8ultable for druggist. LTON & HOAO.
114 Montgomery et.
HTDB and O'FarreU-Flhe large corner store-
sssayjt! 8 * "*• LY0 * * hoag » "*
PALSnSTBT. ~~~
. PHYSICIANS AXD SIRGEO\S.
D ™-n£: & O'fONN^L-Offlce and residence.
1021H Market et., between Birth and Seventh.
D ™Y^n G *, HIM ' h f b <loctor - successfully
treats all diseases of the human body sea
testimonials at offlco. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A^™ 7S, OIfc L w O. herb doctor: sanitarium.
764-.M Pay rt.; see testimonials at offload
DR. ICG TOT KEB. 210 Stockton St., opp.
Union Bguare; all diseases cured by herbs.
FERSOXALS.
KEFTNED lady of high social standing, excep-
tional buclncBs qualifications, desires position
of truet with responsible concern ln this city
bignest references, securities or bonds, any
amount. Address box 125. Call office.
IF ycur hair ls falling or you are bald, call
v™ 1^,! 0 - ?V M< £ )RE ' «* O-Farrells^: Sd
£2?i^ i not be dle «-PPOlnted; this remedy ls
positively Kuaranteed; preparation sent to all
P&rts of the world; call or send for circular.
¦ W ].'tnT? :r> r a -.f lch roanx lady who is the ottlf
child la family to wed a rich young man 'who
is al»o an only child. Box 137. Call
r> SL TOU »J W 7' lte **"' Bend address to-day on
your business stationery for Invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate, Columbus,
Ohio.
1^ 0^?^ 1 ln * ver y room— Winchester
S ? ' it £**** st - ntMX Market: 700 rooms;
25o to Jl SO per night; U B0 to 16 per week;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
tl e Vr FZ K liT~ Bvlt% t0 order from genuine
ccotca, (IE up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
eiat overcoats. $1$ up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
arket st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
TURKISH baths & scientific massage given by
a Swedish nurse; ladies & eents. 234 Taylor
St. over fruit store; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SANITARIUM. Turkish baths and massage-
select patrons. E. RALPH. 156 Eddy st.
BOWLING— New Kourth-Et. Bowling Alley;
open day and night. 30V4 Fourth st.
LADIES— Get free trial Dixon's Hair Remover-
permanent. 935 Market; sample mailed 2Sc.
OBESITT cured: no dieting; no weakening. THH
A' VTDA CO.. 786 Valencia St.. bet. 18th and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
ALFEEDCMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; Jl; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS iair and moi«« own-oyea with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE fults. |7 60; dress pants, J2 60.
MisSt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
CLD pold, cllrer. diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEN'KEL. 817 Market St.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
cour.try orders. GOLPSTETN & CO.: 733 Mkt.
PLACING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawlntr. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st,
REAL J3STATE CITY — FOR SAXE.
AN* UP TO DATE HOU8 E." -—-———
J3230— 1500 cash, S30 monthly; 155S Ninth ave..
r.car J st., two blocks south of the Park; con-
tains fine large parlor, pleasant dining-room,
reception hall, S bedrooms upstairs, porcelain
bath, etc; good neighborhood; take blue elec-
tric cars to Ninth ave.
OWNERS of property or lots north ef Vallejo
end west of Hyde as far as Presidio and ln
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to cell, call on
W. J. GUNN. E30 California »t., S. F. Say-
legs Union building.
fclX, seven and eight room cottages; also two
fiat houses ln block between 17th, 18th. Castro
and Noe eta. ; hi cash, balance monthly pay-
tnents; Cartro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. KEL-
60N. builder.
IF you want to sell your real estate, city or
country, bring It to
THE PHELPS-LEWIS CO.,
702 Market St.. B. F.
REAL ESTATE — ¦COCTTJRY— For flaJe
FOR lease— 6310 acres of reclaimed tule lands
on Middle River, Immediately south of the
Faitta Fe Railroad, and extending for five
and or.e-haif miles along the railway line
and for five miles on Middle River.
The lands are thoroughly reclaimed, with
large and substantial levee* and an exten-
Flve system, of large drainage and Irrigation
ditches. Have six good houses and btnu
already built, and lumber on th* ground for
four more houses and barns.
The railroad and river afford direct and
competitive freight and passenger communi-
cation with San Francisco and Stockton and
Intermediate points, by railroad being only
a half hour from Stockton and three hours "
from San Francisco.
For lease for term of years either as a
whole or ln large tracts.
Offers for leasing these lands will be re-
ceived at the offices of the company up to
• v U o'clock noon, Saturday, September 14, 1901.
/The company reserve* the right to reject
any or all bids. Call or address
CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA LAND IM-
PROVEMENT CO..
Rocm JCo. 6, Tenth Floor, Mills, Bldr.,
San FranejBeo. .
SPECIAL, bargain — 160 acres land, near Tuba
City. Butter County, short distance from
SSaryrrtlle; e.11 rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced: this land will be eold ln whole or ln
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
bull&isgs; well fenced; short distance from
Tuba City, Sutter County; %ill be sold ln
whole or ln part to eultpurchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated ln the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be eeen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchaser* will address box 49S0, Call office,
(or Information a bargain will be given.
I FOR BALE NEAR 6AN FRANCISCO-^I
Bmall tracts, JSO to m per acre, on Rancho
Ootati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Can Francisco ls growing rapidly; location
bet t for poultry aad general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. SCS California rL, for pam-
phlets or Information.
7HOICE farm bargains} call or s»nd for list.
Wooiter. Whltton tt. Montgomery. 634 Market.
?OtJLTRT and dairy ranches for Bale; write for
fre» lUt. C R. W1NF1ELD. Petalama. CaL
ILAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAJttEDA REAL ESTATE).
lOOK— For sale; house and lot, T rooms, bathj
1 blocks from Park st. ln Alameda: a bar-
\ rale: must t>» sold at once. Key at 818 Waeb.-
st.. Oakland, owner.
fOR rent, fumiehed— Beautiful horn* et •
rooms is best locality. Apply 1111 San An-
tonlo ave.
BARGAINS; Improved A unimproved property
acquit ed by foreclosure; U cash. Bank of Ala.
FRDITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE BOARD AND ROOMS.
tAT>T having a sloe home would like elderly
ladv to board; terms reasonable; references.
Adirest C. Q. P.. rrnltvale. P. P.. Cal.
JAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE—1118 BROADWAY.
OAKXtAJrb nKATi ESTATE.
£S0fr-XN PleAraoBt; modern East lake cottage
of 8 Urge rooms; 2 bay windows, bath, laun-
dry, fclrb. basement: lot tOxllO feetj sonny
aide; elevated ground; choice location; right
Bear the can; will t» toll oa monthly pay-
ments tt deslrtd. .- ' -
GBO. •VV. AUSTIN * CO.,
gxdustf Agents for this Property, -
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
PAXTBt>— A bearing fruit ranch; must be a
barff&lat builder* no object: do trtflert.
Eend price and description to bor 2804, Call
office. Oakland.
loTJSES of every description and price for
•sale or rent. *Apply to W. B. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway: telephone Main 10. _-
(JfttLAXD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
j? Introduction to rou from H. Gchellhaaa, the
tttraltcn dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. ,
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— "We
Bell better machines for less money than any
house ln the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 286.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand, all makes, ' at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes ; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Henry Trewllcox. 47, Half moon Bay, and
Editha Slater, 40, 809 Leavenworth street, y • •
Louis Harding, 21, Presidio, and Maggie X.
Mulholland, 18, 426% Broadway. • . -
Clarence B. Sloan, 21, 913 Pine street, and
Lulu Habenicht. IS, 1S21 Pine street
James H. Euley, 29, 1767 Stockton street, and
Mary E. Anderson. 38, 1767 Stockton street. .
John C. Macauley, 26, 409 Turk Btreet. and
Bertha Miller. 22. 737% Howard street.
Gaetano Dimaggio, 28, Black Diamond, and
Clccla SDaslti, IS, Black Diamond-
Edward A. Dunn, 25, 2918 Mission street, aad
Mary G. Walsh. 24. ' 88 Sycamore avenue.
Richard H. Font, 86, 816 Shotwell street, and
Ethel O. Dean, 22, 3122 Twenty-third street.
Horace G. Tanner. 56, 628 Eddy street, and
Agmes B. Boyd. 26, 1015% Vallejo street.
Wallace H. Dow, 26. Seattle, Wash., and
Helen T. Crocker. 26. 1914 Golden Gate avenue.
Ernest Revel. 21. !9 Eddy street, and . Eu-
genie Deynles, 23, 818 Stockton street.
Anton Judnlch, 23, 44 Third street, and Ur-
sula Judnlch, 21, 429 Fourth street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed ¦with the name and residence of "per-
sons authorized to have the same published, -
BORN.
HOTVE-In this city, August 24, 1901. to the
wife of F. E. Howe, a daughter.
MILLER— In this city, September '«, 1901, to
the wife of Harry East Miller, a daughter.
MUNRO— In this city, September 4, 1901. to
the wife of James M. Munro, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ANDERSEN— MING ST— In this city, Septem-
ber 1, 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
Andrew H. ¦ Andersen and Emelle M. Ulngst.
KITRICK— SMITH— In this city, September 5,
1901, by the Rev. John Stephens, Roser S.
Kitrick and Gertrude Smith, both of Oro-
ville, Butte County, Cal.
POLUTT— UGLOW— In Oakland. "August 29,
1901, at the residence of the grcom's parents,
by the Rev. Dwight Potter, George Pollitt
and Florence A. UkIow.
SCHUDBL— WEHRENBERG— In this city,
September 1. 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroe-
der, Emll Schudel and Geslne Wehrenberg.
SHERWOOD— KATZ— In this city, August 31,
1901. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Millldg j
Q. Sherwood And -Fidelia P. Katz.
DIED. '
Ashmead, Susan H. McCarthy, Timothy
Barrett, Catherine Manning, Agnes M.
Bird, Eleanor Meyer. Anna D.
Brown, Augusta . .-' Ming, Mrs. Catherina
Canary, Abble O'Neill, Theodore A.
Castle, William Pierce, Mrs. Maria L.
Foley, Stella - . Powers, Catherine /
Flood, Rose A. Pulsipher, Mrs. S. J.
Funk, Arthur K. Reynolds, Margaret
Geishacker. Mary Sander. Julia D.
Gerts, Ann ¦ Sullivan, James .
Hodnett, Jeremiah Welsel, Phlllpp
Klernan, Francis J. Williams, Charlotte
Leman. Gertrude - :willlams, Mrs. Ellen
Levy. Moritz
ASHMEAD— In this city, September 5, 1WL
Susan H., beloved wife of G. S. Ashmead,
and mother of Lillian J. and Evelyn R. Ash-
mead, a - native of Pennsylvania, aged 63
years 3 months and 15 days. . ',-..
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day.
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1920 Bryant street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
BARRETT— In this city, September 6, 1901,
Catherine, beloved wife of- the late Alfred
Barrett, and .mother of Alfred, James,
George, Harry and William Barrett, a na-
tive of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 63
years 6 months "and 13 days. (Jersey City,
N, J., papers please copy.) , ' . .
K7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend- the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late rest-,
dence, 2S0 Seventh street,- thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery, - .
BIRD— In this city, September 8,' 190L Elea-
nor, beloved daughter of P. F. and Mary A-
Bird, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 7 months and 20 days.
(CT'The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at- 9:30 o'clock, from . the resi-
dence of the parents, 2978 Pine street. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, September 6, 1901, .Au-
gusta, beloved, wife of- Charles Brown, . and
. mother of Fanrlle Hlnman, a native of Ger-
many, aged 63 years 11 months and 12 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Salem Cemetery, by carriage.
CANARY— In this city, September 6, 190L
Abble Canary, a native' of Ireland, aged ii
years 8 months and 11 day*. ¦
ItyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 2:45 o'clock, fsom the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by 8:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
CASTLE— In the City and County Hospital,
September 6, 1901, William Castle, a native
of Ireland, aged 63 years.
FLOOD— In this city, . September 6, 1901, Rose
A., beloved wife of Luke Flood, and mother
of Maggie A.- Flood, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 47 years and 7 months.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
September 9, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 417 Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FOLEY— In this city, September 6, 1901. Stella,
beloved wife of Michael Foley. and daughter
of the late Susanna and William Crane, a
native of New Orleans, aged 27 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1721 Buchanan street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral .for services at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FUNK— In this city, September 5. 1901, Arthur
K., beloved son of Emma J. K. Funk, and
brother of Ralph B. Funk, a native of Ohio,
aged 28 years.
C^The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment private,
GEISHACKER— In this city, September 6, 1901,
Mary, beloved ¦ wife of the late • Matthias
Geishacker, and mother of Mrs. Kate Lof-
tus and the late Mrs. Annie Lyons, a native
of County Meath, Ireland, aged 65 years -
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend . the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at .8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her dauchter, 517B Shotwell street,
thence to St. Charles Church, where a re-
quiem, hiffh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GERTS— In this city, September 5, 1S01, ' Ann.
beloved wife of Neal L. Gerts, aged 63 years
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
dence,^ 2910 Fillmore. street, thence to St
Brigid's Church, Van Ness avenue j and
Broadway, where a solemn- - requiem high
mass will be celebrated' for the repose of her
eoul, commencing at 9:S0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HODNETT— In this city. September 6, 1901
Jeremiah.. W., dearly . beloved . husband of
Annie Hodnett, and father of William
James, May, Kittle, Annie and Nellie Hod-
nett and ¦ Mrs. W. F. Pitts, a native of
County Cork, Ireland.
IE7Frlends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3323 Seventeenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.- ¦ ¦
KIERNAN— In. this city, September B, • 1901
Francis James Kiernan. infant ¦ son of
Thomas and Margaret Klernan, aeed ' 2
months and 26 days. - . ,
LEMAN— In this city, September- 6. Ger-
trude, beloved wife of Dr. Edward Leman,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannag-an & Gallagher ) - -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ' AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. .-.-, . "^ '¦ '.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
; ; Ban Mateo County..
OFFICE 016 , MARKET STREET.
. .- ¦ * J.' HENDERSON. Manager.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy «t bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South '^76.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
n and 29 Fifth st. TeU South' 167.
rUNERAL DIRECTORS ' AND • EMBALMERS.
__Flnest_gqujpTnent at Moderate Rates.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. .
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager . for
the United Undertakers' Association: : M.
J. - McBrearty, with the same company for
10 years; P. F. Green, -late with: J. '. C.
O'Connor & Co., have opened' new Funeral
Parlors at' 1171 Mission street. . between Sev-
enth and Eighth., Telephone- South 44. -
PANAMA R. R. -."SB?-
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabln. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. 8. Leelanaw call* Tuesday , Sept. 1O
S. 8. Argyll sails , Oct. .
8. S. Leelanaw sails , Oct.
From Howard-street Wharf at 3 p. m.
Freight and Passenger OfflceL 330 Market st.
F. B\ CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. :
00V185IS eXlflBALS TBANSATLAKTIQTJS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRB-PARIS. .^.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 43. .S^aMBB
Nortb. River, foot of Morton street: *L* 8a vote.
September 12: •L'Aoultalne, September 19: La
Bretagne, September 23; La Champagne, Octo-
ber 3; ,
First class to Havre. J70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. (IS and uownrd. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. • J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
rTwra Screw Express Steamers. ¦
FOR.O. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MQNTICELLO
9:45 a. m .. 1:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Son-
day.' Sunday. t:43 a.m.. 8:30 p.m. Leavea
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. S p. m.. except
Sunday. ' Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. ra. Far» w
cents. Telechone Main 1308. Landing and of-
fice, pier S. Ml«ton-«t. dock. HATCH BROS.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW modern 6-room house, only $ blocks from
station; large lot; price $1600.
Must be sold— A new 6-room modern cottage,
on large lot; central location; good windmill
and tank; price $1500.
HOME REALTY CO;,
Successors to RUDOLPH. PERKINS ¦ ft
LTON and J. R. PERKINS, Lorln Station.
Berkeley. Cal. Office east side of track.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPINO^^
BRYANT, Iiei^corC 9th— 2 or 3 front furnished
rooms; complete for housekeeping ;. cheap.
CALIFORNIA, 1627— Sunny single and douMe
housekeeping rooms; gag and bath,
FOLSOM, 830—2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng; large front room with stove; reasonable.
FULTON. 1106, near Scott— Three sunny unfur-
nished rooms; bath; laundry; reference.
GEARY. 669— Neatly furnished front suite, with
bath on floor. '
HOWARD. 1058— Room and kitchen for, house-
keeping.
LASKIE, 27. between Eighth and Ninth, off
Mission— 3 »unny furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 7«— Front suite, four con-
nectlng or less; $12 to $18: modern; phone.
OCTAVIA. l«03. corner Geary— Partly fur-
nlshed rulte. with stove, bay window, |10-
POLK, 1002—3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SILVER, 165. near Fourth— 2 cheap furnished
rooms for housekeeping. .
BOLAR FLATS, 525 Turk— Fine; new; Chicago
etyle; 1 to 6 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; Janitor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement- and
eubecrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 221 Grant ave.— Best »1 a
day family hotel ln city; polite attendance;
large rooms," 60o up; meals, 25o; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
IDc to |1 per night; Jl 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AROYLB, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c. to 75c. |1 to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, |1 60 per week up; elevator,
electric lights ln every room, return call bells;
first-class; quiet; central.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nlsbed rms.., cultes, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellle, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210 — Newly furnished single and double
rooms $8 up; central location.
EDDY, 217— Nicely furnished double room; rent
reasonable.
ELLIS, 639. corner Larkln — Sunny front room,
$13; bedrooms, 17 to $9. -
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137, bet. Van Ness & Franklin— Newly
Turn, sunny rooms, en suite or single; bath.
HOTEL BT. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; -elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
JONES. 805 — Nicely furnished sunny suite: also
single rooms; bath and telephone.
LARKIN. 817}i— Nicely furnished front room;
reasonable; gentlemen preferred.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET, IOCS, opp. Jones— Upstairs ' furnished
rooms; for transient; for travelers; baths.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness^Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MASON, 107— Sunny front rooms; newly fur-
nished; also housekeeping rooms.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELLv 776— Large 6unny bay-window
parlor; also large double room.
OXFORD. 271 OTarrell St.— Furnished front
suite and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
! lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week. $2 to
$8; month. 5$ to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ' ¦
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
BHOTWELU m, near Sixteenth— Furnished
front room. 53 B0 per month.
STOCKTON. 832— Nice sunny clean, suites and
elngle rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
TAYLOR, 106— Double and elngle beds, $1 50
week; other rooms. 25c per night.
TAYLOR, 23S — House Just furnished new; choice
rooms from $8 up.
THE BERLIN, 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
THE Crocker. *15 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Bunny con-
servatory suite; splendid for gents; board.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. 61&— Handsome furnished parlors .
all conv.. gunny eulte3; best table board..
ROOMS WAJVTED.
A YOUNG woman would like two sunny unfur-
nished rooms ln Western Add. Box 154, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO\ 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel, 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
eultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGEAyD WAREHOUSES.
PIBRCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5718.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 841. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. .
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 31 (20 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market St., on and after. Tues-
day, September 10. 190L Transfer books
cl^&ed Wednesday, September 4, 1901, . at. 12
o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co.,' room
16, cecond floor. Mills building, San Fran-
cisco. Sept. S. 1901— Dividend No. 192 of 42*
cents per share on the capital stock of the
CONTRA COSTA WATER COMPANY will
be payable at the office of said company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, on Sept.
IS. 1901. Transfer books will close on Sept.
S. 1901, at 3 p. m.
' EDWARD McOARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend, No. 38. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435 Califor-
nia et, Ean Franclscxv on September 10, 1901.
Transfer books close Sept. 8, 1901. at noon.
JULIAN SONWTAGr Secretary pro tern.
. PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Hay and Oats, Depot Quarter-
master's Office, tt New Montgomery st.. 8an
Francisco, Cal, September 7, 1801.— Sealed
proposals, ln triplicate, will be - received at
. this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Tuesday.
September 17, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing bay and oats. Pro-
posals for leas quantities than advertised for
will b« entertained. Bidders must state ln
their proposals the rate and time of delivery
should contract be awarded to them, and that
no proposition should be made which they are
not positive that they can absolutely fulfill.
Preference will be given to articles of domes-,
tio production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (Including ln
the price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast ' to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by. the public service there. The. United
States reserves the right to accept or . reject
"any or all proposals or any part thereof. In-,
formation and blanks for proposals will be
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals will be Indorsed "Proposals No.
8188," and addressed to MAJOR - OSCAR | F.
LONG, Quartermaster, , U. , S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
Saturday. November IS, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
Cl Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Ajent.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 P. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling «t
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. . >
SS. NIPPON MARTT. -Friday. September ST» 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, October !3, 1301
8a HONGKONG MARU
TOYO IISEN KAISHA.
ocean!cs.s.co.E?Ss
J. D.SP3ECXELS ft BROS. 68., Bimrv lnnts. 327 lartst SI
fisn'l Passangtr Office, 643 Markrt St., Piar Is. 7. Paotfis St
S.S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday. Sept. 11. 19 a. ra,
S. B. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
- About Sept. IS
S. S. MARIPOSA," for Honolulu
Saturday, Sept. Jl. I p. rtC
SfianaJian Florisf Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable . x,
107 POWELL ST.NMaELUS JBSSf 5056
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street,
under the auspices of California Circle, A.
O. F. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
OFFICERS and -members of California Circle
No. 103, C. O. F., are requested to attend
the funeral of our late companion,' Mrs. E.
Williams, from Charles J. B. Metzler's un-
dertaking parlors, 636 Washington street, at
9:30 a. m. . Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MISS M. VIZZARD. Fin. Sec.
- CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nai B'rlth
Hall, 121 Eddy- street, where funeral services
¦will be held under the auspices of the Ger-
man Krieser Vereln. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of H. P.
Petersen & Co.,- 228 McAllister street.' ,. . ,
WILLIAMS— In this city, September 6. 1901.
Charlotte Williams, beloved wife of the late
John Williams, and beloved mother of David,
Nathaniel, John Jr.,. W. P., Thomas and
Christopher Williams, Mrs. Louis Ress, Mrs.
Joseph Morgan and Mrs. Thomas Finnerty,
• a native of Wales, aged 71 years and 22
days.
WILLIAMS— In this city. September 6, 1901,
Mrs. Ellen Williams, beloved mother of Mrs.
Rose Roberts of Los Gatos, Cal., a native
of Ireland, aged 61 years. - .••
E7"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at. 1:30 o'clock, from the. parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. "
SANDER— In San Jose, September E, 1901,
: Julia D. Sander, daughter of . the late Peter
and Mary Sander, a native of San Francisco,
aged SO years.
(C"Frlends are invited to attend the funeral
services to-day (Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, at
the chapel of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery. .
SULLIVAN— In this' city, September 4, 1901.
James, beloved son of Timothy and Rebecca
Sullivan, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years 1 month- and - 1 day.
WEISEL— In this city, September 4, 1901,
Phlllpp Welsel, beloved husband of the late
Katherlne Welsel, and father of John.
Phlllpp, George and Karl Welsel, a native of
Oberhessen; Germany, aged 64 years 6 months
and 18 days. A member of the German Krie-
ger Vereln, veteran of the. German army,
Vereln Eintracht and Hessen Vereln. (San
Jose • papers please copy.). •'- - -*
•ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), ' at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PULSIPHER— September 8, 1901. Mrs. S.' J.
Pulsipher, grandmother of George ¦ A. and
Lottie N. Hucks, aged 80 years and 11
months.
REYNOLDS— In thl_ city, September 6, 1901.
Margaret S., dearly beloved wife of Horatio
J. Reynolds, a native of Mount Vernon, Rock
Castle County, Ky., aged 46 years 7 months
and 3 days. ' . . . . . . ¦ •
(C?"Frlen'3s and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited , to attend the funeral tc-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3614^ Sixteenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PIERCE— Interment of the remains of Mrs.
Maria Louisa Pierce will take place from the
receiving vault. Odd Fellows' Cemetery, to-
morrow (Sunday), at 3 o'clock.
POWERS— In ,this city,' September 4, 1901,
Catherine Powers, beloved sister of Edward,
John, James and Mary Powers of North
Bloomfleld, Nevada County, a native of New
York, aeed 53 years.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 11S7 Mission Btreet,
between Seventh and Eisrhth, thence to St.
Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, where
a requiem mass^will be celebrated for thn
reposs of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'NEILL— In thiB city, September 5, 1901,
Theodore A. O'Neill,* beloved husband of
Honorah O'Neill, father of Joseph A., M. C,
Mary Carmel and Annabell Victoria O'Neill,
beloved son 'of Samuel O'Neill of Philadel-
phia, • and beloved brother of Robert O'Neill
of Alameda. Cal., and Louis, Teresa and
Margaret O'Neill of Philadelphia, a native
of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 44 years 7 months
and 15 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her.; late resi-
dence, 912 Filbert ' street, thence ' to ' the
Church of . the Immaculate Conception, cor-
ner of Eighth and Jefferson streets, where a
solemn requiem high mas* will be celebrated
for the repose of her eoul, commencinic at
9:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
MEYER— In this city, September 6, 1901, of
diphtheria; Anna Dorathea, beloved wife of
Henry A. Meyer, and mother of Anita, Con-
Buelo and the late Cecelia Meyer, a native of
Hosseln, Germany, aged 28 years 9 months
and 20 days.
MING— In Stockton, September 4, 1901, Mrs.
Catherina Ming, beloved mother of > Julius
Ming, and grandmother of Mrs. Lena Mugler
and Vlncencia, Rose, Edward, Bertha and
Charles Ming-, a native of Lungern, Canton
Obwalden, Switzerland, aged 73 years and 4
months. . . -
E^The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday); at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlora
» of the United Undertakers, 27 and 2? Fifth
street, thence to St." Patrick's Church, where
a requiem hiEh mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. ¦ Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery. .
MANNING— In Oakland, September 6. 1901.
Agnes M. Manning, dearly beloved sister of.
' Mrs. James Mooney of Oakland. Mrs. M. A.
Long of Wisconsin.' Mrs. E. Brownlee and
Mrs. K. T. Mason of Chicago. .
tCTFrlendfl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
, (Saturday),- at 10 o'clock,-from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate. Undertaking Com-
¦ pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .- ¦ ¦ .
LEVY-In.New York City," September 4, 1901,'
Moritz Levy, beloved brother of Mrs. Annie
Bteln and Mrs. .Rosa Stechler of New York
and Joseph and Herman Levy of San Fran-
. Cisco, aged. 82 years. .-..>.- , . .
MCCARTHY— In this city, September 6, 1S01.
Timothy, beloved brother of John McCarthy
of 1124 Harrison street, a native of the parish
'Of Mallow, County Cork, Ireland, aEed 75
years.
mother : of Tell Leman. and Biiter of Oliver
Crook, a native of Dayton, Ohio, aged 49
years 9 month* and 3 days. (Dayton, Ohio,
papers please copy.) .- - . -.Some men call women angels — but then
you can't believe a^word some men say.
Emily G. Greene has \ sued Paul D.
Greene for . a divorce, alleging failure to
provide as cause of action. A decree of
divorce has been granted to Maria Eb«r
hardt from C. F. A. Eberhardt for cru
elty. Augustus Shaughnessy asks for a
divorce from Anastasia Shaughnessy for
desertion.
In the Divorce Court.
Sheriff Hammel was notified of the ar
rest and will arrive here to-morrow to
take Woodworth to Los Angeles.
When arrested Woodworth had on his
person more than $1000 in paper money,
$600 of the amount being In $100 bills and
the balance in bills of smaller denomina
tions.
Woodworth says that after he paid over
the money and as he left the house he
saw an old man on the place, a stranger
to him. He has been camping at Long
Beach with his father and sisters.
Woodworth was very nervous and was
apparently laboring under some great
mental strain. He denies absolutely that
he took the money, and says he wants the
affair sifted to the bottom. He says that
after he paid the money to the Kempleys
he left the premises and was driven to the
train by a clergyman. He -went to Los
Angeles and just had time to catch the
northbound train, intending to go East.
He further declares that he immediately
sent the deed by registered letter to Iowa
to be recorded. <
According to the story of the theft as
given in The Call this morning. Wood
worth paid Mrs. Kempley $29,000 yester
day, that being the purchase price of a
ranch in Iowa. Kempley at the time was
absent in Los Angeles. A deed had al
ready been prepared and upon the pay
ment of the money was delivered to
Woodworth. Mrs. Kempley placed the
money in a trunk and left the house for
a few moments, and when she returned
both the money and Woodworth were
gone.
Sheriff Mansneld this morning received
a dispatch from Sheriff W. A. Hammel
of Los Angeles County asking him to ar
rest Woodworth, who. It was believed,
had gone north. A stranger arrived here
on tho morning train and left a few par
cels at the depot. He then purchased a
ticket to Palo Alto. From the descrip
tion of this man Sheriff Mansfield was
satisfied that he was Woodworth. Dep
uty Sheriff Butts left. for Palo Alto and
returned on the 3 o'clock train. Wood
worth was on board, and when the train
reached here Woodworth alighted to get
his parcels. It was then that the Sheriff
arrested him. - ...
REDWOOD CITT, Sept. «.— Dr. Orrln
L. Woodworth, who is accused by John
Kempley of Long Beach of having stolen
$29,000 in $100 bills from the latter yester
day, was taken into custody by Sheriff
Mansneld here this afternoon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Mateo's Sheriff Cap
tures Long Beach
Fugitive.
DR. WOODWORTH
LANDS IN JAIL
Internal Revenue Collector John C.
Lynch has appointed Frank J. Snow
chemist in his department at a salary of
S1400 per annum. Mr. Snow was recom
mended by the agricultural department
of the University of California.
Federal Chemist Appointed.
The funeral of Washington Irving, for
over thirty years a watchman in China
town, took place yesterday from his late
residence at 1500 Leavenworth street De
ceased was a member of the Exempt
Firemen's Association and six of his for
mer fire companions acted as pallbearers.
The body was interred In the firemen's
plat at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Funeral of Washington Irving.
Representatives of the Native Sons,
Young Men's Institute and. League of the
Cross Cadets were present and accepted
an Invitation to a representation on the
reception committee. Colonel Connolley
also stated that any other organizations
who wished to send representatives to
help welcome the distinguished soldier
would be all o -wed to do so.
Colonel O'Neill stated that he had se
cured the services of the tugrs Markham,
Perkins and Irwln to go out and meet
the transport and that if these were not
enough the tug Caroline could also be se
cured.
There was a meeting of the General
James F. Smith reception committee last
nlgrht at the California Hotel. Lieutenant
Colonel J. F. Connolley presided and
among those present were a number of
qmcers who had served with the general
in his Filipino campaigns. Dr. William
McCarthy, chairman of the finance com
mittee, reported that S575 had been col
lected, or rather promised. This sum Is
made up of $500 promised by Mayor Phe
lan from the hold-over fund of the col
lections made to welcome the homecom
ing California volunteers, $50 promised by
the Governor and his staff. $25 to come
from General Warfield and staff, $25 from
General Dickinson and staff and $50 which
will be donated by Colonels McDonald
and Mills.
Noted Soldier.
Arrangements to Greet the
PBEPABE TO WELCOME
GE2gT.-R.AT, JAMES SMITH
Exception Committee Meets and Makes
Beware of of unscrupulous dealers who refill
Jeue Moon bottles with Inferior roods. . *
The Board of Education will reappoint
Ebenezer Knowlton to his position as vice
principal of the John Swett School, from
which he was suspended for one year
from September" 15, 1900. "
Will Reappoint Knowlton.
The Supreme Court yesterday estab
lished the constitutionality of -the ordi
nance passed by the Board of Supervisors
of San Francisco which declares it unlaw
ful to be in possession of lottery tickets.
The Supreme Xlourt held that the ordi
nance did not violate the constitution of
the State.
Lottery Ordinance Is Valid.
Mrs. Mabel Todd, distinguished both as
a scholar and writer, addressed the pupils
of the Hamlin School last evening, her
subject being the Amherst eclipse expedi
tion. Mrs.'Todd's talk was most instruc
tive and delightful, and the young ladies
of the school and their many friends,
present by special Invitation, enjoyed it
greatly. Mrs. Todd told of her recent
experience in Sumatra and also graphical
ly described the three other total eclipse
expeditions to which she was fortunate
enough to be attached.
Mrs. Todd Talks About Eclipses.
C. C. Shattuck, a retired drayman, made
an attempt at suicide last evening In the
office of the California Investment Com
pany, 419 California street. He tried to
shuffle off the earth by the cyanide of
potassium route, a very fast one indeed,
but upon biting off a piece of the deadly
stuff from a chunk he had purchased he
experienced a severe burning sensation
about his mouth. He spat .the stuff on
the floor and then waited for the coming
of his son,- to whom he had telephoned
some time before he attempted to swal
low the poison. Upon the arrival .of his
son he Informed him what he had done
and the young man had him taken
immediately to the Receiving Hospital.
As a precautionary measure the doctors
pumped and washed out his stomach and
he was subsequently removed to his home
at 48 Portola street. The doctors are of
the opinion that Shattuck did not swallow
any of the poison, for a very -small quan
tity will quickly cause death.
Business reverses and the attachment of
his funds in bank by a creditor led Shat
tuck to attempt his life. His son, C. C.
Shattuck Jr.,- says his father has been
despondent for some time past.
to Swallow Quantity of Cyanide
of Potassium.
Retired Drayman Tries Ineffectually
C. C. SHATTTJCK MAKES
AN ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE
When the mail bags are thrown off at
the Liverpool docks they will have beaten
the record for time between England and
Australia.
When the Australian mail matter ar
rived here Tuesday morning the man
agers of the Oceanic Company conferred
with Carlton C. Crane, Pacific Coast agent
of the New York Central lines, and ar
ranged to make connection with a fast
mail train leaving Chicago yesterday
morning. This could only be accomplished
by means of a special, as the train left
the windy city at 8:30 a. m. and the mail
¦would not be delivered there off the Bur
lington route until 9 a. m. One car and
an engine left Chicago at 10 o'clock and
o\-ertook the fast mail at Toledo, , Ohio,
244 miles distant, traveling at a rate of
speed of 14% miles an hour greater than
the train in advance.
Marvelous rapidity in the transmission
of Australian-English malls from Sydney
to Liverpool via San Francisco was ac
complished by means of a special train
on the Lake Shore and Michigan South
ern Railroad yesterday. The malls that
arrived on the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany's Ventura Tuesday morning will
leave New York City on the Campania
of the Cunard line at noon to-day.
pletes Necessary Atlantic Con
nections for England.
Special Train Out of Chicago Com-
.RAPID TRANSMISSION
OF AUSTRALIAN TVTATT.g
CHARLES CARSON DIES
SITTING HT A CTTATB
Up a Brief Career of Dis
sipation.
Son of a Popular Clergyman Winds
Charles, Carson, a crisp maker, was
found dead yesterday morning in Travels
livery stable, at 2634 Mission street. .
Carson was a son, of the late Rev. A. N.
Carson of the Presbyterian church,:cor
ner of Twenty-third and Capp streets, and
fell heir a short time ago to 'some prop
erty left by : his father, since' which time
he had been engaged in a career. v =.of
dissipation and squandered all his sub
stance. -,-.'
He had been making his living recently
as. a crisp maker and slept In the stable.
At 8 o'clock yesterday morning J. J.
Traver, proprietor of the stable, went Into
his room and found Carson dead, sitting
in a chair. Carson was 30 years^ old, .a
native of New York . and married. The
body was removed to the Morgue. An in
quest will be held.
Actress Sues for Salary.
The trial of the suit of Lorena Atwood,
against Belasco & Thall, managers of the
Alcazar and Central theaters, for $150, al
leged to be due as salary for two weeks,
was begun in Justice of the Peace Dunn's
court yesterday. Miss Atwood alleges that
she was discharged without due notice.
The managers assert that she was given
the regular two weeks' notice.
Gillespie Decision Postponed.
"When the case of George D. Glllesple,
charged with the murder of W. F. Griffin,
one of his roomers, on August 20, was
called in Judge Conlan's court yesterday
the Judge said he was not prepared to give
his decision and continued the case till
this morning.
When questioned on the matter yester
day St. John would neither affirm nor
deny the rumor. Following the example
of C. M. Hays, whose successor he may
be, St. John would deliver himself of no
positive statement in support of the rumor
that he has come here to fill one of the
highest places in the great railroad cor
poration, neither would he deny it.
"I like newspaper men," he said, ana
generally do all I can for them, but on
this, occasion I must decline to be inter
viewed. I'll be here for several days
•'But will you deny that you are to re
main here permanently?"
"My dear fellow, I must decline to be
interviewed,' and St John hurried away.
Other railroad men, while denying ail
positive knowledge of St. John being given
an important place In the employ of the
Southern Pacinc, seemed to consider such
a possibility aa being worthy of attention.
They say that St. John is one of the best
known and most competent men in the
railroad business, that he stands high in
the estimation of the Harriman people,
that he has recently resigned a position
carrying a salary of about $30,000 a year
and that no one can find out why he re
signed. Moreover, there is no plausible
reason for his being on this coast at this
time other than one connected with the
changes that are sure to follow upon the
acceptance of the resignation of Hays.
Whatever the place St. John is destined
to occupy in the Southern Pacinc it is
sure to be a high one. He would not have
resigned the vice presidency and general
managership of the Seaboard Air Line
and the princely salaries that go with
these positions unless he had something
gcod In view and there is nothing here
outside of the office of president or gen
eral manager of the Southern Pacific that
could compensate him for the change.
It is hardly probable, however, that St.
John will relieve General Manager Krutt
schnitt. While an expert railroad man,
Sf. John has given more attention to the
traffic, political, executive and administra
tive Darts of the business than he has to
the operating end of it and though com
petent in every branch of the work he
has hardly had that special training that
Is an absolute requisite In one who has to
till the place filled by Julius Kruttschnitt.
This being the case, the only other places
that are open to a man of his standing
are the presidency itself or some specially
created office that would have much to do
with the freight and passenger traffic de
partments of the company.
St. John was born in Connecticut in 1844.
He first entered the railroad business as a
clerk in the ticket office of the Quincy and
Toledo railroad. From that position he
rose rapidly through successive grades un
fcfl he finally was given the position of
general manager of the Chicago, Rock Is
land and Pacific. From that road he re
signed in 1895 to accept the vice presidency
of the Seaboard Air Line. About a year
after his acceptance of tuat position his
authority was further increased by hav
ing the responsibilities of a general man
ager added to his duties as vice president.
From the Seaboard Air Line he resigned
several months ago.
Registered at the Palace Hotel Is a gen
tleman whose presence in the city Is caus
ing all sorts of rumors to fly through the
big building of the Southern Pacific Com
pany on the corner of Market and Mont
gomery Btreets. His name is Everitte St.
John. It is said he has come out here to
accept one of the principal executive po
sitions in the Southern Pacific What the
position 1b has not been definitely deter
mined, but the guesses range from presi
dent down to general manager.
"I shall not lose any sleep worrying over
the despicable trick of the Governor. I do
not suppose, however, that the knowl
edge that his corner grocery political tac
tics have been discovered will cause him
any unrest."
"Governor Gage has not the Instincts of
a gentleman, and I am not a bit surprised
to hear that he had my footsteps dogged
through Chinatown by hired shadows,"
said Dr. Ryfkogel yesterday when In
formed that the State Board of Examin
ers were passing on bills for the services
of operatives who shadowed him and the
other physicians employed by the Fed
eral authorities to examine into the health
conditions of the Chinese quarters. ¦•'
"Morse's men must be very good at the
shadow game, for this Is the first I have
heard of them. I have not the least idea
why the Governor or the people to whom
he tenders good billets should pursue the
course they did except that they thought
that I was going about among the Celes
tials inoculating them with the plague
bacilli. I am rather inclined to think,
though, that it was done to give some of
his political * cronies, many of whom are
fit only for such work, a chance to get
their hands into the money appropriated
by the State. They earned their money
very easily, for most of my work was
laboratory work • and during the whole
time that I was engaged at it I do not
believe that I made a half dozen trips
through Chinatown.
"I have a bill of $250 against the State
which has never been paid, in fact I have
been informed positively that it never will
be pajd. The only reason I can assign for
that small trick is that the conclusions
I formed regarding the presence of the
plague in Chinatown did not coincide with
those formed by the Governor and his
myrmidons. Dr. Mouser, who worked
exactly the same length of time on the
same class of work that I did, but who
arrived at a conclusion which differed
with mine, put in a bill fpr three times the
amount and was paid without question.
Bacteriologist Is Surprised to
Learn That He Had Been
Shadowed.
Be Slated for Some High
Position.
Everitte St John Thought to
Says Governor of State
Lacks the Instincts of
a Gentleman.
Presence in City of an
Eastern Railroad Man
Causes Comment.
WHIT RYFKOGEL
THINKS OF GAGE
MAY REPRESENT
THE HARRIMANS
FAMOUS CROOK
NOT A FIREBUG
Tommy Wallace, Ac
cused of Attempted
Arson, Is Released.
Became Noted Through Con
nection "With Theft of.
Painting "Elaine."
Tommy Wallace, . the noted crook, was
arrested early yesterday morning on sus
picion of having attempted to set fire to
a lumber yard at Mission and Spear
Btreets. He was discovered behind a pile
of lumber with a lighted match in his
fingers, and as it was thought he was
trying, to set fire to the place he was
taken into custody. After being locked
up for several hours Wallace satisfied
Captain Seymour that he was not bent
on committing arson and he was re
leased.
i Wallace is one of the most famous
criminals in the country. He first came
to the notice of the police of this city
when he stole the celebrated painting
"Elaine," which was on exhibition at
Morton and Kearny streets. Wallace was
assisted in the theft by two well-known
Eastern crooks. After stealing the paint
ing Wallace hid it in the rear of a house
on Mission street, where it was found by
Captain I. W. Lees.
, Before his capture could be effected
Wallace left the city and went to Min
neapolis, where he was engaged to marry
a very respectable young woman. Some
time afterward Captain Lees happened to
be in Minneapolis and he recognized Wal
lace. . He brought him back to this city
and charged him with the theft of the
painting. After a short trial he was con
victed and sent to San Quentin for four
teen years. He served only five years of
his sentence, however. ¦
After being released Wallace went to
Portland, where he was arrested for
breaking a show window and stealing a
large jar containing over $100 In nickels.
For this crime he was sentenced to five
years in the penitentiary at Salem. He
was discharged a few years ago and since
then he has been arrested on a number of
occasions for helping himself to the prop
erty of others. -
JUDGE DE HAVEN MATTES
' AWARDS IN PETERS CASE
Liability of the Steamboat in Damage
Cases Fixed at Six Thou
sand Dollars.
; United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday handed down an opinion in the
matter of the limitation of liability of the
river steamboat J. D. Peters in the matter
of the collision with the Czarina in San
Francisco Bay November 2, 1898. He fixed
the value of. the Peters at $6000 and made
the following awards: Eight hundred dol
lars to the Ship Owners' and Merchants
Tugboat Company, $800 to M. P. Lesher,
a passenger, and $12,000 to the John D.
Spreckels & -Bros. Company. The tug
boat people are to be -paid, in full and the
remaining awards are to be made prorata
on the remaining $5200 of valuation.
Judge de Haven finds that the J. . D.
Peters was in a seaworthy condition and
her master and pilot competent officers,
having been such for twenty years.
Hence, under the Harter act, express
companies and ! others having freight on
board were not entitled to recover. ¦ The
representatives of the Chinese who were
drowned have produced no evidence to
show that they would have benefited by
the lives of the 'dead men or that they
suffered any loss by reason of their death.
Heath Receives the Appointment.
The Board of Works yesterday appoint
ed Benjamin Heath Jr. chief of the Bu
reau of Streets to succeed C. E.' Thomas,
¦who resigned because he failed - in th©
civil service examination. Frank Sheerin
appeared to have the inside track for the
place and he was backed by Mayor Phe
lan. who wished to reward him for po
litical services. Commissioner Mendell
however, could not be Induced to cast his
vote for Sheerin. Mendell . Insisted on
Heath receiving the position and when
Manson returned . from his vacation he
cast his vote for Heath. Heath was a
surveyor in the employ of the Market
Street Railway Company.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1901,
;, Business . men, read to-day's Wasp on
lawless strikes.' • •
Dr. B. Calderon, '¦; Consul General • for
Honduras, secured a warrant from Judge
Fritz yesterday for. the arrest of Claudlo
Jiminez on the charge of felony embezzle
ment. . Jeminez was employed as collector
by Dr. Calderon and is accused of embez
zling $55. ¦ -, :
Accused of Embezzlement.
The different committees in charge of
the Celtic Society celebration, which takes
nlace next Monday . at Glen Park, met
last evening .in • the -¦ office of. Colonel
Thomas F.- Barry in the Parrott building
and made their final, reports.
The affair promises to be. a great suc
cess. The athletic games will be crowded
with 'entries and some exciting contests
are -promised. A\ special feature "of the
day's amusement will be the exhibitions
of Irish dancing.. Professor E. J. Kelle
her will' be in attendance and will prob
ably'carry on* -the; honors in jig dancing.
' The gates of the park' will be thrown
open early- in the morning .and the
grounds will - be open until late in the
evening. A pleasant holiday is looked for
ward to. ¦• - . -¦:'¦'¦-.¦:&
Arrangements for the
. Festival. ..
Committees Hand in Reports on Final
CELTIC CELEBRATION
AT GLEN.PAKK MONDAY
I. Sinsabaugh, who played a star game
in the doubles tournament, was a strong
favorite over Percy Murdock, but the
latter won in straight sets. The score In
favor of Murdock was 7-5, 6-3, 6-3. Sinaa
baugh was troubled with a stiff knee.
The first match in the semi-finals was
between R. N. Whitney, and Harold
Brayley. The latter, on account of his
rather easy victory over Hunt, was con
sidered to have a splendid chance of
beating Whitney, but it was soon appar
ent that the local man. would win. Whit
ney played a steady chop game and took
the first two sets easily, 6-2, 6-0. In the
third set Brayley improved considerably
and won, 6-3, but the final set went to
Whitney, 6-3. Brayley was greatly handi
capped by blistered feet.
In the other match of the semi-flnila
A. Bell was opposed to Percy Murdock.
The latter played a good game and drove
well, but Bell who was i more confident
than in the morning, won in straight sets,
the score being 6-3. 6-4, 6-3. . ; ._
Whitney and Bell will play the final
match this morning at 10 o'clock. Unless
Bell Is capable of playing a better game
than he put up yesterday Whitney should
win without very much difficulty.
In the afternoon, at 2:30, the champion
ship match in doubles will be played be
tween the Whitney brothers, the present
coast champions, and McGavin and
Smith, the winners of the tournament.
The Whitneys will probably win, but the
youngsters play a strong game and the
match will be very close.
The next match in the second round was
between Harold Brayley and Reuben
Hunt. Hunt was expected to win, but the
match went to Braley, three sets out of
four. The score was 6-4, 6-4, 9-11, 6-2. .
As was expected, by. far the best and
most stubbornly contested match of the
tournament was between Grant Smith
and Bell. This was the only match In
either tournament that required the full
five sets to settle the question of suprem
acy. Bell won 2-6. 6-3, 4-6, 6-3, 6-0. The
winner was a strong favorite, but he came
very near losing to his tall opponent-
Smith won two sets out of three, handily,
but the many long and hard matches in
which he played on the two previous days
left him in poor condition toward the end.
Bell was perfectly fresh, having played
but four sets during the week, while
Smith played twenty sets on Wednesday
and Thursday.- • ' /
Bell was very nervous and probably not
at his best, while Smith was perfectly ccol
and confident. The first set went to the
latter, 6-2, rather easily. In the second
set the loser also had a lead, but his
opponent braced and won. out, 6-3. In the
third set Bell led at 2-0, but Smith ran
it up to 5-3 in his favor and won out 6-4.
The first part, of the fourth set was close,
but Smith soon began to fly signals of
distress and from then on everything
went Bell's way. It' was rather an un
satisfactory ending to such a good match.
Both players ran in on their service, and
it was a constant fight for the net. •
Play in the singles tournament was
completed yesterday down to the final
round, and as a result R. N. Whitney of
San Francisco and Alfonso Bell of South
ern California will play In the finals Ihls
morning. The winner will meet' Champion
George Whitney on Monday afternoon at
2:30 o"clock for the championship of the
coast.
South Against North for
the First Place in
Singles.
ROBERT WHITNEY
WILL MEET BELL
16
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦HBBHHH
83 Special Sale of Fins ||
|FURSj
g For One Week Only. 3
B ¦
¦ Genuine Mink Capes f 16 and up £
m Genuine Sealskin Jackets. .91OO and up E
jj Genuine Persian Lamb Jackets H
•£ 875 and up ra
¦ Genuine Krimtner Jackets.. 549 and up S
|g Klectric Seal Jackets $1S and up J~
m Ertra fine Near Seal Jackets H
S. - 939 and up ¦
I AD. KOCOUR,f
I 121 Post St. I
g Rooms 7 to 11. jg
? (Don't mistake the number). B
B IE
EBNieilHIIUBUBIBIi
SPECIAL BARCAINS
SATURDAY, TUESDAY_and WEDNESDAY.
Granulated Best Cans Sugar, 21 lbs. .$1.00
Extra Special Saturday Only.
TOMATOES, Columbus Brand, 4 cans. .25c
New Pack. Ker. 10c can.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. 4Qc
Our Butter sales hav» Increased oar
trade and made friends. Regular GOo.
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, sqaare.37Ic
Regular 45c
PETALUMA RANCH E66S, dozen 25c
Regular SOc .
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen 321c
Regular 37^jc
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY, qt. bot.75c
Regular S5c.
Mocha and Java, Oar Best Coffee, Ib. .25c
New Arrival of the Finest Coffee In the
World. Regular 25c.
ANTISEPTIC RED M SOAP, 10 cakes. -25c
Cleanses, Scours and Polishes every-
thing. Regular 60 cake.
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, Ib ....40c
Six kinds. Regular 60c and 75a.
6RAPE NUTS, package I2ic
Regular 13c.
.GHIRARDELLI'S COCOA, can... 20c
Regular 25c.
MACARONI, SPAGHETTI, box 20c
Vermicelli. Regular 25c.
PORT, SHERRY, ANGELICA, quart bat. 25c
Extra Special Wine. Regular 40a.
Cfiirardelli's Ground Chocolate, Mb can.25o
Regular SOc
Imported Flag Brand Sardines, 3 cans. 25c
Regular 12tfc can. 1
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKEY, qt. bot. .90c V
Extra Special Saturday Only. •-. . ¦ .
FRESH SHRIMPS, can...... :v.....|Oo
Extra Special. Regular 20a
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, 50-Ib sack.80o
Regular
F. LECOURT MUSHROOMS, can-....22ic
Imported From France. Regular 80c
Oun Country Customers
Can take advantage of these "spedar* 1
sales. We ship free of charjo within 10»
miles on all orders exceeding $3. Ask for
monthly pries list— free.
1348-1354 Market street.
Opp. Seventh. Phone B. 233. No Branch Stores,
/.;¦¦¦" •'• • .V.\ & iZ_G?* k ' x r™r**^^^ Golden Gate Avenue. .'
t\ \ NEW HATS WORTH SEEING. /
• t' - < * YtSiJlfa ¦ These are court days for new Millinery. The salon on the second floor 13 fixed
jJ^SSSlj^Wf^L U P in a most inviting way. It's the most pretensious display we ve made, and is .
'JmS^^m^^i^i meeting with heartier response than ever. But that's natural We didn t ko
/mB^^^j&wMpjd, into this till we knew we had correct styles-and a greater variety than common.
- VMtRB*ifyd&l&£*&i It's Easy to Find a Becoming Hat Here.
H^^^^? Sfr We make it easy— there's every good style, and an experienced milliner
WgM&^M^f^tlg&M* to pick out the one that fits you. , .
it&Sicy X*2&$Wjtiv - You can't be assured of more complete satisfaction in hat-buying than
fi^f^^^JSgL/i^^Vl Hale's offers this fall; $8.oo, $10.00, $15.00 are the most tempting prices.
O^K15I^# CHIFFON VEILINGS WITH BLACK RING DOTS 50c.
\£fn(F*&(S*fy pSI We Are the First to Show Them Oat Here.
¥lMH *« the newest thing in the veiling world. It's so simple yet so strong in
->/ effect. Women like it above all others. It's about the only thing you secin .
/^Bp^fH 5 ' J|y New York now. But this is only one of the many things we have in the :
wA&W* "»' ¦ AT 25c A TAB3>— Black Brussels nets. AT 5Oe A YAK1>--Th«^ start -with thos«
\^ 3 y}.- *$$J- plain alid^otteirChiffon with stamp dots. Chiffon vellln*. that hav» bUck rtn» <toU.
\ai. t N v x \ -TV whlt« on black and black on whits; also $r*y N«t In Importance ftr« the royal blue jtna
Y-S^-^> N *V " • mixed complexion veilings; still a choice se- white Chiffons, set off In the sam« wmywita
\^T- ;^j / — . lection of the ever popular fancy and plain rlngr dots. Then there are plain and dotted.
Xwi'sV.'^^/ ' ' Tuxedo meshes, set off with Chenille dots In Brussels nets and *ray mixed «Hn-plexlon
\~^:'r':.jf black and white combinations; then there -?elline with fancy meehee^ and blaflk Trrx-
\' ' . c :'Jf are black Tuxedo meshes with rold dota, sold edo and London meshea. with, all* taenilie.
V'.':>jf braid borders, quite striklns, 25c. silver and self dots.
yjf AT 75c A YARD—^-Chiffon with valrrt
• AT 35c A YABD Chiffon, larse tan and ring dots; black Tuxedo with plain and
I/": A nirwirA r\4r-£*%*» waS T^6u; Siojplataand dotted Brussels Chenille silk dots and black Russian net .
KJCI UlOVe Utier -^Jt. wen a, fancy and plain Tuxedo jeilln^; gg, # w«U »—.
. 89C. BEAUTIFUL NECK RIBBONS 25c.
Style and texture and colorings everybody wants. They are the soft crush stylaa, .
To-day for the first time. - Women can't now ret enough for neck use.
These are for women who never pay less 3# Satin Taffeta Liberty Ribbon 25c.
than a dollar. . *' And they .measure full thirty-one Inches, too. It's the ribbon of the hour, and you natar-
They have really more style and tone and ally look to Hale's for It, for we have come to be the ribbon suppliers of the town. _^
wear to them than the • ordinary dollar ¦ Another very popular and much wanted one is this NO. 4O FANCTx I> K. ESTKEITT. "
glove. If we wern't rleht there (New 190- The Dresden patterns are fall's favorite. We don't know where you can »et such ,
Tork) when the lot was put on sale we'd heavy solid quality, such choice colorings, such up to date styles under 33c. That's what
never have gotten them. Scores and scores we'd have to sell them for In the regular way. The tremendous ribbon buying we do give*
of the larger Eastern high-class stores us tremendous advantage, thus 13c
W Made ea o d f y Itaaan at l C ambsk 1 i l n.Ta a tened with BLACK AND WHITE STOCKINGS ARE ALL THE STYLE
t W i^ C^ DS^i a C^° rS iTn <i w br t O n W fil/ Hal0>s hosiery enterprise again stirs the city. To-day Is uncovered th« earliest and big*©*
*T?- S!?.X ? : ? In* V £h« £* \ll display of black and white stockings this season! There's not a flighty, gaudy pattern among
S% i s 1* ; Jf,?? them— all quiet, modest, sensible, correct. Such a variety and all so important. It's taken ¦
fS? ™™fn«- \ S? * oln * to put on 8aJe one large window to hold them. .
this morning- at 89c. , *• j— rt »-> .
jt v>\ir tt ¦o QTjOVES 81.OO— Our fall ta. "«ir< •
Importation "of this celebrated glove Is Checks, stripes up and down or around; others with pin stripes at the ankle,
h ere . wider stripes In the middle; others in flowery effects. CfiS Sfli"n.
rWO-CTLASP PTQXTE GIX)"vTB?1.00 FANCY HOSE 23c— FOR "WOMEN. CHILDREN'S \""?T^^
—Paris-point embroidery, two-clasp fas- Black boots, with fancy .colored IRON-THREAD ONES 15c. gfSmi^^*^
teners. These, too, come In all the new striped uppers, fine gauge, elastic, ten Fast black, seamless, medium heavy £g$uiB9^2
fall shades as well as the staple pique distinct styles and every one new, now weight, extra Ions, double knees, heels 5E§5b3i5^2
ones, Jl. . ¦ for the first time, 25c. and toes, 15c a pair or fl 65 a dozen.
STJEBE GLOVES 91.5O-Black over- This Is the Hurry-Up News of the Day. -
Beam, made of choice French kldskin; . «r»iFfo» rfct ok~ CT-rkf-u-iKT^c in. y—^^^J
a perfect fitting dress glove, In the new- LtALHBo DDM iCOC OlUwKlINuo lyC. s^— *s^
¦ *? 1 fall shades of mode and gray, also 1200 salrs on sale this morning for the first time.
black. They are full fashioned, made from - Maco cotton. In medium -weights. V^^^^r •
ATT. G-Tj-OVES OS 1 91.OO AiND UP- longer than usual, doubly strengthened at the soles and heels and toes; the - tZZ««E»
WAEJD cleaned and repaired free of tops stretch; sizes 8 to 10. As good a 25c stocking a» we know of. Tours to-day y™
. charge. and while the one hundred dozen last. 13c. . tSSs
RIBBONS! VkM H IMfiS' RIBB0NSI
wide, regular price 20c. '^s^ IHSfc HtV. wW'tfewK 25c Quality.
ENDS TO=DAY.
PRICES THAT WELL CEOWD OTTR STOBE AGAIN" TO-DAY.
TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS!
No regard to cost! Every summer garment in our house MTJST go. "A
word to the wise is sufficient — just glance over the prices we quote below.
Women's Shirt Waists, f Women's Underskirts.
f» K /-• for your choice of our chambray QO r for those black and white striped
OUW and white lawn shirt waists; all WOv mercerized sateen skirts with Jlned
sizes ; latest styles ; same have been sold accordeon plaited flounce ; looks Just like
for as high as $2.00. silk; wears better; never sold under $1.60.
QQp for a regular 75c shirt waist, • ¦ ¦ . .
O«7L< made of fine quality black Italian ¦• WpflppePS.
cloth; all sizes. _.._ ht lo __ .i. ev « ¦ Now's your chance if you want a real
17C JSt^SSTa KP 25c vi^e. 1516^- *£»*- Odds and ends of women's wrap-
3 Waist Specials. ¦45c^ 3^^ B^^^!&fTOS!
fl» 1 fTCk for your choice of odds and fiQ/> for women's flannelette wrappers
<I>I«O\F ends of black satin and silk u «v in pretty designs; all sizes; fine
waists; sizes 38 to 44; never sold before value.
under $5.09. ' . . ««* . -
<J»Q AA for best quality taffeta silk Women's AprOnS.
tDO»V"VF waists, in all the popular tfir' tor best quality gingham aprons,
shades; front, back and sleeves of finest IUC full length, good width; worth 20c.
tucks, inserted tabs across the front over FZ(\ r for your choice of any of our
an extra portion of tucking and trimmed OUl> colored cloth and duck oversklrts;
with numerous rows . of tailor stitching : worth three times as much
give these waists a very stylish effect; «..•.. ...,,. . _
price heretofore »5.oo. - . Children's White Lawn Dresses.
•'» - NEW! <»• ; i % QQp for. the prettiest, daintiest white
_ • .. m v tit * x ' ' .'""" lawn dress you' want to see; heni-
FrenRll flannel WaiStS. , , stitched and trimmed with embroidery;
Q| CA will buy you one of our very regular 65o garment. .
Q& lm<J\J ~ latest $2.50 French flannel " v <"*V»S!*1»»^^»^> «-. A ¦*******—*-
waists; tucked front and back; full bishop .'Wniiaren S AprOttS.
sleeves and lined throughout; all colors * or n - white lawn sleeveless
and sizes. ¦ _ ': • -, *«v aprons; all sizes.
Women's Flannel Gowns. , f'oys' Waists.V
4flr for these comfortable garments f Qr» for boys' sailor blouse waists; dark
rtXjy* for. the cool weather that will soon . • lt/V and light colors; all sizes;: regular
be here; extra long; yoke and sleeves taste- price 35c.
fully trimmed with beading and lace. - . j « t t u • t • •
__ ., .. •»¦• X I I Hosiery ! I !
HanakerCnieivS. Q^r* for those popular red lace effect
; How's This for a Leader? ten for BOc men>s hose; a11 slae8: always
q r for fine linen batiste handkerchiefs; |Q for "any of our black or white foot
Ow hemstitched border one inch deep; l€7<w 25c quality women's hose; all siies
regular value 8 l-3c. IQlp for women's Hermsdorff lisle fin-
Our Muslin Underwear Department ,
Is offering big Inducements to careful buy- CorSCtS.
ers. We'll quote just three of our specials Styles to please every one. Every corset
iS^J^T 7F\22r£&& women's sailor OU mo h n°errefu U n a d r ed n - teed - " nOt 7atl8fac!
OtJC collar gowns; made of good muslin tory K7n V w'«,r «:n^ m ™ ( .
. and trimmed with wide embroidery. . POe foranv nf onr k
QOr 'or women's muslin drawers, trim- 75c for anv of our 1100 coS '
H U F 6 ' 1^ tUCkS and Wld6 *": ' »l?OoV a any 0 of 0 o U u r rVl.K corset, -
chon lace all sizes w ;. ' 9 1.25 for any of our $1.50 corsets
50C SemlSrSthi to«: bisTmuslln . Higher Grades in Proportion.,
yoka and flounce; trimmed with ; Duchess T'He I 51 Sf"
R^I4- n??«3>r» " of our summer line of children's hats anil-
' DCIL'V ICP» bonnets; : infants', cambric caps; also all
z£B/» for one of those ; stylish corded our pique capes and coats going at cut up
t-Ow satin belts— buckles of newest de- prices. An early call means your choice of
signs— regular price 75c. ."* the best. ¦',' . , , » ,
OPEN TO-NIGHT UNTIl.; II O'CLOCK-- • ? '
MOH"DA"S"— ADMISSION DAY— -STOBE CIiOSEB. '
1212-1214 MARKET STREET,
. •; }';1£% BETWEEN TAYLOR AND JONE8.
MILLINERY
OPENING,
Fall and Winter Season,
TO-DAY,
September 7.
Our French pattern Hats and
Bonnets, also elegant, creations
from our workroom, are ready
for your inspection. All invited;
no one expected to purchase.
8O8JV\arket St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
TME POISE
Qcpr-tr « K CHIEF OF POLICE.
lljg^LV+T.-.jjU " .JiijsS^I Mr. George Mayerle—
Sir: The glasses you flt-
*^^i iii- "•"~"'3Ke**3§3? te<1 for niy eyes are ex-
; * • S^&miMZi cellent and give perfect
"•*?¦¦¦' "mtm^^T^'''h satisfaction. I have been
g^jft jjigySP^TiKT using glasses for the
last twe l ve years, and
,*3fy^- I must say that youm
Jmk ''!&&&*&¦ ?% ' "' ar « superior to all oth-
l*~5mffiErc*?nx^^^ ers "
Sergeant of' Police.
W%i$tfnigSmimS #Sii!> MATERLE'S Glasses
V^8^IlIsFli ¦' «Bs! Strengthen the Eye and
mSmt ~*W' ;: jMEm Brain. German Eye-
¦ggjjy ¦ : ' 7 X^CaSSB water, 50c. GEORGE
CUT THIS OUT. MAYERLE. German
Expert Optician. 1071% Market St.
Of a woman in perfect health attracts
the eye at once. Such a woman is all
too rarely seen. The most of women
bear scars of suffering _ on their faces
which no smiles
/fififjk can hide, and
the womanly
weakness which-
JP§'.JS*ffijBj8jgS> oppresses them.
There can he no
g*pEE2&^3 perfect health for
y£ JagSSir the woman who
suffers from dis-
ease of the delicate
k*vy£SgS womanly organ-
jra3g2|p«| ism. Her general
HOm| health is 6O inti-
BMffTOffijBfc mately related to
jfMgll^vfgk t*^ local htallh of
£ ans *k at these
£532g^jr4§jX£3^ must be cured be-
established.
vorite Prescription
makes weak women strong and sick
women well. It cures womanly dis-
orders and diseases; brightens the dull
eye, rounds out the hollow cheek and
gives strength for wifely duties and
Tnat^mnl cares.
« My health is the best now that it has been
for four years," writes Mrs. phebe Morris, of Ira,
Cayugm Co., N. Y.. Box 5a. "I have taken but
two Dottles of yonr medicine, 'Favorite Pre-
scription* and 'Golden Medical Discovery.'.
These medicines have done me more good than
all that I have ever taken before. I couldn't-do
my work only about half the time, and now I
can work all the time for a family of four.
Before I took your medicines I was sick in bed
nearly half the time. My advice to all who are
troubled with female weakness is to take Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription and ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery' — the most -wonderful medicines
la the -world."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sxsX.free on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to pay expense of mailing
only. Address Dr. R- V. Pierce,"' Buf-
falo, N. Y.
Pleasant
Hours
• Swiftly Flyfaifr^ i^JJjf
Those spent on th* ?^?
California Limited
as it rushes and races
across tho couatay from
San Francisco to Chicago
In 75 hours.
leaves San Francisco at
9 a. m, every Monday
and Thursday on the
j tin t ft re
1 To a : good old age, if a
¦ care !is" taken to get g
» glasses suited to the needs g
9 of the eyes. We excel in S
I 1 the. fitting of glasses to §1
is the eyes, because there n
a are no better glasses ob- fi
1 tainable than those we B
B manufacture, and because .1
m our method of testing and a
1 fitting eyes is positively fj
.¦. accurate. • , B
|^s?J7Kfflrnei/&-SF."J
ADVERTISEMENTS.