PAQE 2
3A*3S^f*3 T^S E*<»- SUI^S Tp'^TCpS
The line by which Mrs. Mann traces
her connection with George Washing
ton is a long one. full of distinguished
people. She is to join the society of
Colonial Dames, elite of the elite, in the
radiance of which the exclusive Daueh
tcrs of the American Revolution pale to
One of the sword's earliest escapades
was at Foit Necessity, when it made its
owner so big a name that he was com
missioned commander-in-chief of all the
Virginia forces. In Braddock's cam
paign he ranged a field on horseback
and made his sword do duty against a
fire of Indian bullets. Later the sword
retreated through the Jerseys, then
turned and neatly prodded pursuing red
coats at Trenton and Princeton. It held
Valley Forge through the terrible win
ter of '77 and '78, while the men under
Washington were suffering "and people
behind them were clamoring that he
give up. The sword crossed the Dela
ware. When it had won peace for its
country it hung, during its owner's life
time, over the fireplace in the Mouct
Vernon heme. - I
Mrs. Grace Lee Lewis Mann, niece of
Miss Lewis and mother of Betty, set out
a little while ago for Baltimore to sell
the sword. Miss Lewis has already ne
gotiated with the Metropolitan Museum
of New York, but the museum disagrees
with her in a matter of $50,060. She
¦wants her $100,000 for the heirloom and
their offer has not as yet gone above the
half of that price.
It certainly has accomplished about
enough for one sword already. It attend
ed to the settling of some Frenchmen
and some Indians in a very neat manner
and later on it showed the British a trick
or two. It might have earned a rest by
this time, one would think,' but no. ' It
is to bring a neat price that Baby Mann
may have what hermother calls more
"nice things" when she grows up.
At the time that she refused $50,000,
however, she would have refused $50,
000,000 just as quickly. She did not in
tend to sell it at all, for she felt that it
was one of the family and not to be
parted with for mere money. But now
there is a little Mann, the daughter of
her niece Grace — Baby Betty Washing
ton Mann she is called — and she is go
ing to grow up one of these days, and
for her the aunt is going to put her great
great-many-many-times-great uncle's
sword into service again.
THE sword of George Washington
is to be sold for the benefit of a
California baby.
Most of us did not know that the
weapon existed at alL Miss Virginia
Lewis, .th- owner of it, always kept it so
quiet that very -few of us realized" that
the distinguished article was preserved.
When you consider, what George
Washington was to us and what his
sword was to him, it becomes apparent
that of all the heirlooms preserved in
America this is the most important. No
wonder that Miss Lewis refused $50,000
for it and chooses to hold out for
$100,000.
.on it. went to Tiffany's, and its owner, re-:
fused a mugh:lar K er r sum for, it.: She has
set > her .valuation / at \ $100,000 and that I
price she has determined shall come to{
California to- the little grand niece of tho
distinguished lineage.
Airy.Va.', . ... -..;_ ¦..
' ;"The . said Henry \ Howell Lewis was
the son of Samuel Lewis and Sarah At
.taway Miller, his wife.
,. "The said Samuel. Lewis was the son
of George Lewis and Catherine Danger
field, his wife. -
"The said George Lewis was the son
of Fielding Lewis. and Betty Washing
ton, his wife." \ ¦ .
The famous Octagon House in Wash
ington is the property of the Tayloes, and
it was there* that Captain Heriry Howell
Lewis, U. S. N., and Ann Tavloe were
married," »t being the . residence of John
Tayloe, Mrs. Mann's great-grandfather.!
The Lewises came to this country in
1635; the Washingtons not; until two
years iatcr. .The Lewises are an old and
distinguished Welsh, family of Van,
County Glamorgan, and Robert' Lewis,
¦who sailed from Blessing in 16.15." settled
in Gloucester County, Va. He .was a
man of high 'standing and! of large
wealth, and. had the!, largest; grant of
land •'ever . given in • Virginia— 33^33
acres ; time/ Charles I."
; . It was a . son of this * Lewis . who.' after
marrying. Isabella Warner, built the fine
old mansion. r^Warner: Hall.'; . ;
• ' With .Warner Hall- were especially'
connected - the 'earlier : ancestor* * 'of
.George'. Washington/.-' • j > '- \
The coat-of-arms of the Lewis family,
is perhaps the most extensive and curi-'
¦ous! in 'the country. It contains twelve
shields." .,. : '» •'¦ '-
. The parents of Robert Lewis, the im
migrant, were Sir ' Edward "Lewis,
knighted by James I in 1603. and Lady
Ann, daughter '. of the. Earl of Dorset
andwidow of the Earl of.Beauchamo: i
".: Miss Virginia Tayloe Lewis, daughter
of Captain Henry Howell Lewis of the
old navy, i* Mrs.: Mann's aunt. . She is
the nearest representative of both the
Washington and Lewis families, and is
the best authority on this genealogy. ;
"Did I tell you," said Mrs. Mann,
"that when I was baptized the water
with which I was sprinkled was con
tained in Washington's punch bowl? : Of
'course the punch ; bowls were much
larger then than now.
. "When my baby was baptized, a year
ago, the punch bowl made the trio from
Baltimore to serve as a font for her.; Her
name?- Didn'til: tell you?: iWhy/ her
name is Betty Washington Mann: What
else could my little girl be called?','
¦ And 10 that same small Betty ¦ Waifc
ington Mann is to come the heritage of
the price of the ancestral sword.* It was
exhibited at the , World's Fair.' and : Miss'
LW;s\was offered $20,000 for it, ; Later!
Mrs. Mann's statement is this:
"I was born in Baltimore. Md. I am
the daughter of Henry Grosvenor Lewis
and Elizabeth King. .... . -
"The said Henry: Grosvenor : Lewis
was the son of Henry Howell Lewis. \J>
S. N. and C. S. : N. 'and [of Ann ; pKle
Tayloc. of l-'thc' Octagon and'of r Moun:"
This comes through the marriasre of
Colonel Fielding Lewis and Elizabeth
Washington, the President's sister.
Any one of these ancestors would en
title her to become' a member of the
Colonial Dames. All of them together
make her tenfold a member, and that is
more than enough for one i7-vear-old
woman. But she nasthe further au
dacity to have George Washington for
her great-great-great-grand uncle. '
On the paternal side she claims lineal,
descent from Hon. John Lewis. Hon.
Augustine Darner, Colonel ' Lawrence
Washington, Colonel Augustine Wash
ington, Colonel Fielding: Lewis. On the
maternal side she claims lineal descent
from Governor Samuel Ogle. Governor
Benjamin Tasker,' William Bladen. Col
onel John Tayloe, Hon. Henry Corbin.
no light at all. Most people would criyc
their eyes to be able to squeeze into the
Dames by even one ancestor: two makes
you a distinguished member. Look at
the names on Mrs. "Mann's application:
BAQE' : 2
:pAQEv 7
PAGE. 9
m^w^^^^^m^^M&^^^I^^^^^^M
WICKEDEST MAN IN AM^
PAQE 7
MRS. MANN OF
OAKLAND
WILL SELL
THE
SWORD OF
WASHINGTONIn New South Wales. the number of.
sheep has shrunk from 61331,413 In 1S31 to
35,7S2,622 In 1899. In nine years, by natural
growth, the sheep of the colony might
have been expected to have Increased 100
per cent. Instead of this, they have de
creased by nearly 50 per centr-tho effect
of drought, 'y ¦ ¦ —
. It Is interesting to j know also that In
the case' of the Venus Flytrap, j which,
unlike the bladderwort, secretes an . acid
fluid . that ,'alds • the decomposition* of its
'victim, the leaf on opening !s found to
have : lost its treacherous sensitiveness; j
¦ this, however, . soon returns. . Yet 1 If the
leaf, has been forced ,to close .over . some
'object that cannot nourish the plant, such
as a particle of earth placed on it for the
The principle upon which the bladder
wort catches its prey is only less Inter
esting than the means by which the vic
tim is I converted into a food . product to
its captor. The interior of the little blad
der absorbs the decomposed body of the
insect much as a human stomach absorbs
food, although the* action is slower and
the Plant more nearly comparable to a
tiny boa constrictor slowly digesting the
meal that he has "gluttonously swallowed
at a gulp. To" be . exact, however, ¦ the di
gestion' of the plant is' even slower than
that of a serpent.; and a single, fly will
keep a' Venus Flytrap busy nearly a month
'at.atlme.: 'Cr-Vc^'C' \ . "
the naked eye, that inhabit the same
water, but the victim, once entered,' finds
it impossible to return, since a small valve
openjngionly inward and therefore easily
passed in entering, now debars him from
escaped' The insect is therefore In the
position of the mouse who has passed tho
entrance of a mousetrap", and' finds on
turning that the door i3 shut close behind
him.
requirement for the foundry blast fur
naces.
Thus In an hour's time a result had
been obtained which equaled months .of
work by the old method. That ¥ti to
drill rows of holes in the- gun a few Inches
apart and running from breech to muzsle.
Steel wedges were then Inserted In each
one of the holes and driven, one after an
other, by men with sledges until a crack
started. This was opened up by •to" *»*
continuous wedging, . and each row of
holes so treated In turn, by which means
the massive casting was finally' split tato>
a number of longitudinal sections, •which,
were still too large for handling and re
quired sawing. . . .;>'.'
It was a great Invention, that of ths
New England Yankee who took. a con
tract smashing up hollow iron shells and
then executed It by filling" them .with
water and letting Jack frost do the break
ing. But Herman White, a. California
boy, does not have to. wait for frost, and
bursts cannons which would not be teased
by frappelng. ." -Lr.-w.' .
An interesting variation of the..ftm
bla3tlng was tried by putting In the same
blast without water tamping. . The result
was lots of noise and a cloud of. smoke
shot to a tremendous distance In the air,
but the gun was not Injured.
In all over 220 great guns have been
blown up, the aggregate weight of metal
being more than two thousand tons.
Cannons as monumental curiosities will
soon be at a premium.
Some years ago these »am»: cannons
-were offered for sale, and no bidder was
found who would give more than a dollar
a ton for them.
The result of Mr. White's invention has
therefore enabled the Government to
come out many thousands of dollars
ahead. It is satd that he first got his
taste for mechanical operations by^ start
ins in as a boy to dissect his watch and
gun. Then he went in for steam and elec
trical toys. Launches and engines were
his amusements as he grew up. It was
but play for him to take an old wagon
•and an- old gasoline engine and unite
j them In a moving, breathing automobile.
'< His play as a boy became his business
! as a man, and now he Is ready to convert
j a useless anything- into- a useful some-
( thing. He buys Uncle Sam's cannons of
t the civil war, and, presto! bang! they are
ready to be cast Into reapers for the
fanner, or parts for the battleship's that
grow in San Francisco's new shipyards.
A rod' the length of the bore of the'can
non was then j taken and .around It were
tied sticks of giant powder in thick
bunches at the bottom, where the gun
was nearly five feet in diameter. .Up to-
It was carefully moved to place and then
dropped suddenly to plant Its lower en.l
firmly in the clay, so that it would retain
its upright position. A hose was run from
a steam pump and. the vent hole of the
cannon having been plugged, the bore of
the gun was filled with water.
A derrick capable of handling the heav
iest guns was set by the pit, with a steam
hoist to operate it. .
* It was an exciting time for the cannon
wrecker when he' swung the first gun into
the pit.. , '. ¦'¦'': ... V •; .
A Dit was dug some ten, feet deep and
twenty feet' In diameter.. This was lined
around with cannons set on end, as shown
in. the photograph. 'This was for the pur
pose of .preventing the walls. of the pit
from beinsr fflbwri to pieces and loss of
iron from, being driven Into the eartti.
raised the value ot old cannons by de
monstrating how they; may be prepared
for the Iron market. . ¦ • . ' -•
sake of experiment, it remains closed no
longer than twenty-four hours, and upon
opening is still sensitive and immediately '
ready for its delayed meal*
The Sarracenia purpurea, found often
In the month of June^in peat bogs, from
New England to ¦ Minnesota, Northeast
Iowa and southward, east of the.Alle
ghahles. Is known. commonly as the side
saddle _¦ flower, the pitcher plant , or tha
huntsman's cup. The, latter names are
more descriptive of its appearance, and ,
it is difficult, indeed, to see any resem
blance iii " Its purple flower and pitcher
shaped green leaves to anything nearer
a side saddle, than the pillions of our an
cestors. But whatever name. It Is. called,
it Is , a notable example of the-carnivo
rous plants and Is represented by a strik
ing modelln ther Harvard .collection. It 1
carries on.' Its operations, however, on a'
larger '.scale-, than; most, -deriving.- ltke
others of its hungry family, a portion of
its nourishment from the larger flying as
well as; creeping '.Insects. The Blaschka
model shows a curious leaf stalk forma
tion which furnishes the trap,-, often , In
natural specimens found half full of wat
er and dead Insects.- The snare is more
subtle than the bladderwort' s in that the
entrance to the trap" is larger, the- exit
I apparently, unimpeded,- and the plant -se
' cretes a | liquid .which ¦ serves ; as a
-bait.. ..The .victim ales or. crawls down
ward Into -a huge tunnel, then, turning',
finds it impossible " to .escape, ; for the In-
ner surface which, he has just traveled
so easily Is covered with minute hairs
pointing downward, and either to walk
or fly against them is impossible. The
further history of the victim is similar
to that of the smaller insects in the blad
der prison of the utricularia; it Is decom
posed, absorbed and finally digested by
the treacherous pitcher plant.
. The old-time practice of catching birds
with limed twigs was carried on even
earlier by another of. the. plants modeled
by. the Blaschkas. This is" the drosera,
found In peat bogs from Labrador to Min
nesota and southward. If sets' no such
complicated trap as does the bladderwort
or the pitcher plant, but depends upon a
clear glutinous fluid secreted by its leaves
and on an action, of these leaves some
what similar tp those of the Venus Fly
trap. -The secretion has obtained for It
the fanciful name of "sundew," but the
insect Is unfortunate that attempts any
but a visual acquaintance. The glue holds
It as the lhned twig" the • bird and the
struggles of the captive set In operation'
a number of fibrous- tentacles on the
leaves that finally envelop and digest it
To this plant, the common round leaved
sundew (Drosera rotundifloria) .which is
found also in the bogs near London, Mr.
Darwin devoted nearly half of his book
upon the lnsec t-eatine plants, and It" Is
therefore Included with special appropria
ateness In such a typical collection as that
at Harvard, ; ' r~ -
PECULIAR PLANTS WHOSE ONE OBJECT IN LIFE IS TO CATCH AND EAT INSECTS
cartridge was pinned with an electric de
tonator, ' the concussion of explosion
being sufficient tofire all of the cartridges
even when they were submerged. The rod
with Its attached powder charges was
then lowered Into- the gun fullof water.
The electric wires, which had been pre
viously laid to a' point a hundred feet
away behind an angle of the bluff, were
how connected, and when all was clear
the firing dynamo sent the current
through the primer.
1 The result of the discharge was not
much noise but a vast cloud of steam
from the vaporized water and fumes of
the powder, together with a small shower
of iron hail in the immediate vicinity of
the pit. .. .'i
Breathless, the experimenters rushed to
the pit's edge, and as the steam and pow
der smoke cleared away there was re
vealed nothing of the massive piece of
ordnance but a: pile of bright shining
metal in pieces so small that any of them
could be lifted by two men;, a necessary
ward tba muzzle, where the barrel was
thinner, less powder was used. The last
fifteen-Inch guns. They were cast In 1812
and cost $90 each. " * *
' These shells were piled like pumpkins
about the fort and now go to the blast
furnace along with the cannon. .
•Everyfloor of the three stories of the
fort .was packed with guns, placed as
close together as possible, allowing room
to handle them. On the roof was. a dou- I
ble tier ot smaller cannon and mortars,
making four stories in all. To get them
out was a regular housemover's piece of
:work. -. They .were lowered ' from their
places' as a house would be conveyed on
rollers to a. sand bar under the bluff;
abo'ut* a" quarter of a "mile within- the
.Golden Gate. •„• '•
¦ Here ; they were, when purchased by
Herman White, a half acre of, them, dis
graced,'dismounted, wallowing like black
pigs In the beach sand.
Si Punning upon his name and presuming
upon what troubles were in store for any
person who bought second-hand cannon
as a speculation, the men who knew all
about it by having been there before,
called them the "White" elephants. But
It was only an .illustration • of the new
theory that too much experience is bad
for the intelligence. White elephants they,
would have proven if the bursting experi
ment had failed.
It was a success, however, and the re
sult is "that Mr. . White has considerably
He had spent six weeks trying to break
ap one of them, and spoke from experi
ence.' ; .
*'A cannon is all good Iron, a hill of clay
b mostly all good aluminum, and I would
lust as soon think of buying a second
hand hill tw get the aluminum, out of It
is to try to get the Iron out of a can
aon," said one man who had bought a
sack yard full of monster guns at the
trsenal.
rMsgnsted, they tumbled It into the river
» avoid further temptation and work, and
nhen the soldiers finally recovered it the
>ost armorer had two days' hard labor
trilling It open.
proper-sized pieces, to . simultaneously
knock every man, woman - and child In
Oakland a deadly blow upon trie head.
rou eay. perhaps, "Why not break It up
and thea melt itr*
That Is just the trouble. It was par
ttoolarly meant and made not. to be
broken. Several men have found that
txxt already. It happens In this way:
When your Uncle Samuel has any old
ordnance to sell he dazzles the imagina
tions of the Iron buyers by sending out
carefully prepared circulars stating how
many million pounds of nice homogeneous
castlron there is In the lot.
Then some would-be foundry purveyor
dibbles, bites and takes the bait.
The Iron Is there. He makes some
treat preparations to do smashing work,
ets fly at one of the cannons and then
looks as surprised and pained as though
he had hit his thumb instead. "f*
The cannon Is there yfet. laughing at
him. It is like the time that the Apaches
stole the paymaster's safe. They drag
fed It to a secluded spot, pounded it
with sledgehammers until It looked like
a. piece of repousse work and their hands
were blistered as badly as those of the
iquawg In corn hoeing season.
Then they built a lire around It that
nade things look as though a volcano bad
sroken loose, and punched and j piled at
She red-hot safe with crowbars.
Next the chief got an idea and had the
rest of the Indians draw the safe to the
tdge cf a 150-foot cliff which .bad sev
tral acres of smooth hard rock at the bot
lom. ."-"• ;<v
It made an. awful crash. The Indians
rushed to the bottom and found all of the
Money— safe In the safe.
THE lock on the Golden Gate Is to
t>e broken and the key thrown away.
The old cannons that have guarded
Fort Point are being smashed Into
bits to go into the melting pot and
be recast -into plows and reapers.
A wrecker has bought them all, In the
came way that he would buy the ma
chinery of a brewery or factory, an old
Ore engine or any other old thing.
The old brick fort itself, our Alhambra,
as It were, is to go too, but not In this
etory. . V '.':?.'
A man who would buy & second-hand
cannon -would buy anything. Tou see, an
old cannon Is just as useless as an old
floor plats and less valuable, because the
floor plate Is worth (something- to melt up
tor brass.
The camion Is too big to melt; It will
not go Into the cupola furnace.
It Is also too big to use for an anchor,
pllediiver, hitching post or anything of
that kind, "\ : H
That can be seen by Its portrait. It Is
targe and clumsy. Some of those In Ques
tion welched 49,000 pounds. Twenty-five
tons of castlron, all In one chunk— enough
tnetal In one of them. If divided Into
mrmV' ~ -¦¦¦¦¦• r-.-i ' ¦-. . ... ; '
THE SUNDAY CA£I^
2
: "Smash a , cannon easy' as a glass
tumbler, all to' bits, too. ¦ .>'¦
"How? . , "• /
"Just 5 ou. listen and I'll tell you," said
the man who does It. "If I didn't bust
these cannons they'd bust me. Now,
when I bought them I had "an Idea .in "my
head. I got it in this way: When I 'was
a boy I was always doing something new
and queer Just to see what would happen.
"One of my experiments ' was . pouring
water in a shotgun. I put In a cartridge
loaded with smokeless powder and then
filled the gun to the muzzle with water.
"I thought I would fire oft a whole rain
storm. ¦,.'.'¦: '¦
- "The, result wasn't what I expected.,
"When the noise got out of my ears and
eyes I found I had the stock of tho gun
left all right, and I didn't seem to be out
ofi existence myself, but the gun barrel
was. \ That- ; waa the way .I4learned to
break' cannons. . • '¦•: ':• . ; ' :: --. .
"Now there are a, lot of fellows who
nave bought' cannons - from the Govern
ment and they'll be Interested in reading
this because they've- got the guns yet.
Good and sound, too.
"This Is my recipe for a cannon smash:
"Take one twenty-flye-ton cannon, set
on end, muzzle up, fill to the brim with
clear, cold water, stuff with waterproofed
dynamite cartridges and explode by elec
tric wires. . :
VThe water will not have time to get
out of the way until the thing is all over,
and In the meantime the cannon will sim
ply have to make room for the very ex
pansive and Instantaneous policy of the
dynamite. It goes In small pieces, too, for
as the pressure of fluids is equal in "every
direction, the water itself Incompressible
and the force of the dynamite irresistible,
the.: only possible yielding . can be; on ;th«
part' of^the cannon." ;.<.['¦ ¦;'• ". "<n'-'...''
Dianiountlng;' and removing .the "' jruns
from "the old fort marks the end of the
picturesque in war, the age of black pow
der, brick forts and. castlron cannons.'
Rifled steel, breech-loaders, using power
ful smokeless powder,.' and mounted In
open . earthworks, are ¦ now the, only de
fense. -. ' .'¦ ' "I ¦ -¦ '¦¦'•• " : ¦'¦ '
. Just back of the new, battery on the
cliff is an object lessonUr the- danger of
castlron guns. ? - :. ¦'' "¦.'¦ ,
It is an old; twenty-four-pounder field
piece, with the entire breech blown off by
a charge of modern powder. . , *
Three men were killed by that blow and
there is always some such danger with a
castiron guns. That Is one of the reasons
why the present batch of cannons were
cleared out at. a rummage sale, to. be
broken to bits. ", . ,-'^ . ¦'.-..'.
They were thought good guns in their
good old days. They made more noise
than a thunder .storm and more' smoke,
than a burning hay stack.
They were handy If ships came up
alongside, but bashful about long-range
work. . . ¦ - - . : . ;'¦ ¦¦•• ;: ~ .
Bomr of them were made as early as
1837, others, the larger ones, were cast in
the sixties. At that" time spherical shot
•were' used,' and the only way to get car
rying power was by increasing the diam
eter. So these, cannons with a range of
less than three miles have a muzzle area
larger by half than that of the Oregon's
big turret "guns.
Iron was iron In those days, and these,
monumental pieces of ordnance must have
cost a barrel of money to make.
. That may- be estimated from the price
of some of the old spherical shells for the
NEARLY everybody has read or
heard of the Venus fly-trap— the"
Dlcmaea muscipula ol -' scientific
botany— and of the extraordinary
sensitiveness ¦ of its leaves, so .delicately
constructed that If a fly or Insect lights
upon one the leaf closes Upon itself . and
so Imprisons the '-unhappy insect, killing
and actually eatinr it, for that! the insect
really nourishes the; plant has been shown
by comparative, study; deprived^ oflts in
eect food, it falls always to' attain Its best
development.;^ -¦- •"-';* ¦ "* •' *•)--., ¦''¦'
The Venus 'fly- trap ; ; Is only one.out : of a
number of Insectivorous' plants, , a-, care-,
ful study of.whlch has been made recently
by Dr. '. Fowler, professor of botany in
Queen's. College, Ontario, and which; re
ceive even more practical Illustration la
one of the: moat interesting, from a pop
ular point of view, of the many cases of
glass flowers in the.. W are j colle'ction of
Harvard" University; In Cambridge. t Th_Is
collection! the only one of its kind in, lh*a
world. Is, "as is known to most visitors to
Cambridge, the work of the famous
Blaschka family, father and son. It was
begun at the suggestion cf Dr. Goodale of
the university, to whom It first occurred
that the skill of these remarkable artists
could be applied as well to flowers as to
the" models of marine invertebrates which
they were then, in 1896, making for tho
museums of Europe. , ind secured to Har
vard, through the generosity of Mrs; Eliz
abeth Ware and Miss Mary I* Ware of.
Boston. The collection, growing with each
succeeding year. Is intended : to represent :
the relations of the various flowering,
plants of North America; and one-quarter
of a large case la now, devoted to a typical
collection of Insectivorous plants." The
specimens represent nearly all such'plants
in the United States, and are modeled
with a delicacy and truth to life which Is
almost Incredible to the one who. has not
seen them. \ •
•"These Insectivorous plants are Inter
esting as aiv Illustration of the scientific
; fact- that between the animal and vege
table kingdoms there is really more in
¦ common than is generally supposed; their
inject food, although thG fact was for a
long- time unrecognised, is now known to
be a necessary part of tteir life.
'" The bladderwort, for example, of whlcn
I a model Is shown at Harvard, Is familiar
to frequenters of ponds and slow streams
from Newfoundland to, Texas, and la
S now known • to use *he 'small & blalleis,
fronvwhich It derives its name, for . an
other "purpose than '•that of floating It
self to the surface of the water In which
It lives. The little bladders, common to
the inland common bladderwort and the
purple bladderwort— which last is gener
ally found near the coast and is recog
nizable by its solitary purple flower— at a
also traps for Insects; in principle not Tin-;
like the common form of mousetrap. Each
bladder has an opening, large enough to
admit the small Insects, often invisible' to
SMASHING THE BIG GUNS
TO ATOMSmeans when his' collar goes limp around
his neck and his neck goes limp In side his
collar. \ He • knows that he . feels like SO
cents, but he can't tell why, and If a sun
stroke comes along and chooses the ten
derfoot^ he feels insulted. Meanwhile the
Easterner, ' hardened through many sea
sons, holds up his head and shoots.
¦ So it. will be 'fairer all around to have
the contests-out here, for the Eastern
marksmen also can do better In the pleas
ant climate , found on the * bay ranges.
Under these .circumstances no wonder
there Is some close and spirited compe
tition'looked for -when, the' East and the
West meet next July.
A' large number of the best rifle shots of
the East are , already preparing for the"
national event. Among those who will be
. on T. hand. when, the targets, go up. are
Charles G. Zettler of the Zettler Rifle
Club. New. York; F. H. Keller of the Zet
tler Rifle Club and United Re
volver Association, New York; Michael
Dorrler of the Zettler Rifle Clubf Jersey
City, N. J.; Fred C. Ross of the Elite Rifle
and Zettler R!fle clubs, New York; Wil
liam Hayes, vice' president of the New
Jersey State Rifle Association, Newark,
N. J.; Qus Zimmermann. president of the
Zettler Rifle Club, New. Tork; Thomas
Anderton of the Moss Rifle Association.
"Boston, -Mass.; E. ;8. Piliard of the New
'England* Rifle Association.* New Britain,
Conn.; Charles E. Goddard of- the Phila
delphia Rifle Association, Philadelphia,
Pa.; L. P. It'tel of the Pi ttsbur* Rifle Club
and . Iroquols Rifle Club, ' Allegheny, . Pa. ;
H. M. Pope of the New England Rifle As
sociation. Hartford, Conn., and Innumer
able other notables in the rifle shooting
fraternity. Gus Zimmermann is now in
Germany, and he .will use bis best offices
to bring out a number of marksmen of
the old-world. Every rifleman named. is
known the "world over. These are but a
few, for? the crack shots of the sixty odd
Eastern clubs will be present at, the tour
nament next July.
The San' Francisco dubs belonging to
the bund .. are . contributine liberally to-
¦
_
«rard the funl necessary for prlxai, «x»
pensei, etc Many of the cash prlMa win
amount to hundreds of dollars, and there
are trophies in the shape of medals. Jew
elry, etc Among the trophies In fight
three alone will cost nearly $S000. Mayor
Fhelan, who is to welcome the visitors to
the city, has promised a prize that will
cost about $1300. W. R. .Hearst of New
Tcrk has come forward with the "Hearst
" trophy." which will cost between S2S0O and
$2700. A trophy will be donated by Clans
Spreckels. Mr. Spreckels Is a member of
the San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, and
only lately be was presented with a medal
of honor by the vereln' In* commemoration
of his twenty-five consecutive years of
membership in the organization.
Such matters as hotel accommodations,
transportation and amusement are also
being looked after by the local commit
tees, who are determined that the visitors
from abroad shall secure every considera
tion possible. M. J. WHITE.
fpp LL over Mexico beggars abound, for
/— \ the Mexican people are the most
li x, carelessly good natured and chari
table on earth. They seemingly
never refuse, and I have seen smartly
dressed -young men. on passing a beggar
turn back repentantly and hand him
money. *Everybody gives, hence unlim
ited beggary. '
Some time ago in Pueblo a surgeon
cured the deformity of. a beggar cripple,
and,- as his usefulness as •. money getter
was over, his relatives sued the surgeon,
alleging that he had deprived them of
their means of support. It appeared on
trial that the lame man had been "good
for $4 50 a. day on the average." The
Judge threw the plaintiffs out cf court
after listening to their curious exposl-
PECULIARITIES OF THE BEGGARS IN MEXICO
AND WHY THEY ARE SO NUMEROUS.
tlon of callousness and greed.
In the suburban towns every comfort
ably off family has its train of begrars
who are given money or food.
Your beggars fairly adopt you and ask
affectionately on meeting you for the
health of every member of your family.
One poor chap who hobbles around on
crutches and wears "on chilly mornings
an old red blanket greets me as his
"patron," and bestows blessings on ma
to last a month for every alms.
The intimate relations of beggars and
their patrons are amusing; wealthy men
and handsomely dressed women stop In
the street for a bit of a talk with some
favored beggar and never seem ashamed
to show a kindly interest In the humble
friends of the public thoroughfares. .
One old beggar has for years besought
me for aid . In the name of the "nailed
hands of Christ," and another esks In
the name of the "sacred hands of the.Re
deemer!" They seem as grateful for a
penny as for a dime, and their affection
ate ways and good nature are most
touching.
Beggars come to one's dining-room win
dows, look In Interestedly and go away
satisfied with a small coin or a bit of
bread. They ask alms in the name df
God, or "por Dlos," hence the odd Span
ish word "pordloseros," or . "for Gfld's-
Bakers," applied to beggars. It is part
of the strangely humane life of these
southern lands. A Mexican firmly be
lieves that everybody has a right to live,
and to help hi time of need. There is
Immense charity and mostly quit© un
organized, although there are asylums.
But, for the most part, the beggars are
out and about and not housed up.—Bos
ton Herald.
NEW USES FOR SAWDUST WILL MAKE
IT A VALUABLE COMMODITY.
SCIENTIFIC men h*ve long been on-
gaged In the stuly cf methods of y
utilizing waste products, such as
sewage, garbage. and many other
things, formerly thrown away as worth-
less. After It Is ascertained just what
these materials contain that can be utll-
lzed. Ingenious men set their wits to work
to Invent machinery and devise processes
by which the valuable commodities may
be extracted. In this way many million
dollars' worth of oils, fertilizers and other
useful substances are now saved and the
world is so much the richer.
A great deal of sawdust has. always
gone to ¦waste, though many mills have used
It to supplement their tuel supply. Chemi-
cal analysts have oeen at work on the
rawdust problem and It has been shown
clearly that it coctairB very useful ele-
ments that are worth saving and now ma-
chlnery has been Invented to extract these
materials.
The experiments nav«» proven that 1000
pounds of sawdust will yield about 160
pounds of char, which Is practically
the same as charcoal trtl equally service-
able; ISO pounds of acids. 160 pounds of tar
and a quantity of gases that have been
tested for beating an3 Illuminating and
found to be excellent for both purposes
"While the acids, tar and char are the pro
ducts particularly desired ltis^Raid the
gases are of commercial value.''
A machine has been invented In Montre
al for the purpose of distilling sawdust
and obtaining the desired products. Con
sul General Blttinger writes that the ma
chine treats about 2000 pounds of wet saw
dust an hour. As Canada manufactures
enormous quantities o*- lumber It is; ex^
pecied that the utlllzat.'on of sawdust in
that country ¦will be an Important source
of valuable commodities.
There are twenty places In .Europe
where oxalic acid Is extracted from saw
dust. In Scotland sawdust Is used to
make floor-cloth, coarse wrapping paper,
and mill-board, which la a kind of past v
board used by book makers in the covers
of books. Thus sawdust, once thought to
be a good deal of a nuisance. Is beginning
to be considered quite a useful article.—
New Tork Sun.
responding with liberality. ' •„ •
Another feature of no small Importance
from a rifleman's standpoint Is that this
meeting will give the. Eastern and West
ern marksmen an opportunity to compete
; f or honors and records on an equal f Got- '
'ing. It Is an established fact that West
; ern , shots are unable . to do their best on
Eastern ranges on account of the exces
sive heat, ; to /which ¦ they . are not ; accus
tomed. "Put V Calif ornlan in the East on
a summer day— rifle tournaments have the
peculiarity of 'always being held on sum
mer'days — and be does not know what it :
Iected were: First vice president. Captain
F. A. Kuhls: second vice president, J. r>.
Helse: third vice president, H. Grleb;
fourth vice president, D. Salfield: record
ing secretary, O. Burmelster; correspond
ing secretary, Louis Haake; financial sec
retary, W. Nolden; treasurer, A. Jung
blut; trustees— F. Ruhstaller of Sacra
mento, J.' Utschig Sr., H. M. Wreden. W.
F.Ganns and R. Hauser; shooting mas
ters—F. P. Schuster, R. Langer, Otto
Lemcke, O. Thiele and Herman Huber.
Numerous committees were also formed
to attend to the details of arrangements.
After organizing, the old officers In the
East were notified and they forwarded to
the local body. all of the archives, prizes
left over, records, money, etc. The local
organization set to work with a will and
soon the roll showed nearly all of the
prominent rifle shooting clubs of Califor
nia ' as members of the bund. Take ' the
whole bund together, there are in It about
eighty rifle clubs, representing about 5500
expert marksmen. Outside of the national
organization there are several - hundred
rifle shooting clubs, the members of which
watch with the keenest interest the com
petitions at the triannual tournaments.
The Kastern: membership of the national
body is sixty-three clubs, representing 4360
marksmen. In California the bund has
about twenty clubs, representing over 1000
members.'. ¦¦ In the: East: and "West these
clubs have on their membership rolls some
of the wealthiest and most influential men
of America. Over a dozen millionaires
belong to this fraternity. .
After considerable, discussion Shell
Mound range, near Berkeley, was selected
as the' place for holding the big rifle tour
nament, which will take place op July 14
to July 23 next. As soon as the contract
was signed Captain * Siebe. proprietor of
the range and park, began to tear down
*"^v IFLBMEJC from rrerr P*rt of tha
fj United States, and all kinds of rlfle
j"\ men— those who belong to Schuetzen
\ eesellschafts, and those who belong
to mere rifle clubs, and those who
belong all the way In between— all are
coming to the coast, and the goose hangs
high. For California has secured the next
national tournament of marksmen, and
it will be held at Shell Mound Range from
the 14th to the 23d of July.
Then we shall 6ee shooting. Any one
who thinks that the National Schuetzen
Bund is coming together to loaf is very
much mistaken. The loafing won't be in
dulged In until the popping Is over and
the trophies won.
It all came about in this way: In 1S93
the bund was formed In New Tork for
the purpose of promoting target rifle
shooting Success followed, and within
two years the organization had as mem
bers nearly all the first class rifle clubs
of the East and a few in the West. The
first national tournament was held In
Glendale Park. Long Island, in the sum
mer of 1895, and at that competition the
California marksmen acquitted them
selves with credit, bringing back a goodly
number of trophies.
It was like the taste pf blood to a tiger.
The trophies were what did it. Califor
nia went hot-handed into' the bund busi
ness.
She did not wait long before playing her
trump card. In 1893. only a year later, the
meet was again held in Glendale. with still
bigger success. Several thousand marks
men participated in the competitions, and
a number from Europe were present. At
the conclusion California bid for the tour
nament of 1931.
She promised the use of a good range
near San Francisco Bay. She promised
a sufficient sum cf money to provide
ample prizes and pay all expenses. She
won.
In accordance with the rules of the. or
ganization, a new set of officers were
elected here, D. B. Faktor calling: the
first meeting together. Richard Finking
was elected president, but he resigned,
and Captain F. W. Attlnger was selected
as his successor. The other officers se-
THE SUNDA Y CAIX:
and reconstruct the premises and erect a
dozen new targets for the accommodation
of a large attendance, of marksmen and
spectators. The bund committees are
hard at work securing prizes and trophies
for the marksmen.' and the citizens are
3
AMERICA'S CRACK RIFELMEN WHO WILL
COME TO SAN FRANCISCO.../fa// Caine.
Photograph of £ife Stzs flust Recently Made of the .Author.
for the settlement of great industrial and
commercial disputes. I'
His attitude toward militarism and all
the hydra of evils which the.'new democ
racy combats Is set' forth; at 'Its best by
a speech of Rossi in the House of Deou
tles:-- - •' , '. • -\
'"The proposal to increase the army,"
he said, "in a time of tranquillity abroad
.but of discord at home, is the gravest^im
peachment'that 1 could be made to the gov
ernment of a country. 'Under. a right or
der of things. Parliament, would be 'tho
servant of that^'conscience. -and "rebellion
would be impossible. ¦ But this government
is the master of the; country and is keep
ing the. people down. by violence and' op
pression: - Parliament ii«i dead. For GoU'3
sake let us bury it!'. V
"Loud shouts followed this outburst,
and some of the Deoutivs rose from their
seats, and crowding around. the speaker in
the open space In front, . yelled, arid
screamed at him like' r. pack of hounds.
He stood calm,- playing with his watch
chain, while the Pres'drnt rang his bell
and called for Ellence. The interruptions
died down at last, and the speaker weat
on: ,
: ." 'It you ask me what is the reason' of
the discontent which rroduces the crimes
of anarchism. I say, first the domination
of a government which : is absolute, .' and
the want of liberty of speech and meeting.
In other countries tho discontented are
permitted to manifest their woes, and are
not punished unless they commit deeds
of violence; but in Italy alone, except Rus
sia, a man may be placed outside {¦ the
law, torn from his'iiome. from his wife
and children, from his bed, from the bed
side of his nearest and dearest, and. sent
to Domicilio Ccatto - (compulsory |3 domi
cile under police suoervision) to' live or
die In a silence as deep as, that of ¦ the
grave.' " . . .
I may ; conclude with one,..last.'quota
tion, .which, is the most" representative of
'all: "'What is democracy?' asks David
Rossi, the hero of the stcry.t 'Democracy
"Is the breaking down of the barriers thf;t
divide man from man. It, is the fulnll
" menl--of the law of equality, not j merely
between body and body, but between 'soul
- and : soul. E 'Thy. kingdom come on earth
as It is In .heaven.' Democracy is an at
tempt at the practical .realization of that
prayer.. Democracy believes ; that . the
grand.. voice of God sneaks through , the
people.' Democracy recognizes the broth
erhood of man. Democracy sees only one
division among men;— good | men .. and bad
men, >Just men and unjust men, -, followers
of. God's law and- rebels apalnst It. ; This
Is democracy and all iiie rest is a super
stition and a lie.' " . . ¦'.'. '/ ; ,~
•"In a wbrd, the storv.-ls a document.of,
and a plea for, democracy.
" —^— : - .
A Jewish Encyclopedia.
Funk & wagnalls, , the New Tork pub
lishers, announce the forthcoming; of." a
colossal work— "The Jewish y Encyclope
dia"—the first volume of which will come
ulus for Jewish culture. .It will tell the\
world what the Jew has achieved not be
cause of the pride of achievement but be
!: cause that knowledge will help the world
to greater Intellectual, effort. It wlll;pre
¦ serve the vast testimony of Jewish intel
lectual mastery in a form .designed to
open the testimony to the view of a large
circle of! readers. It is to be. no esoteric
script,' no book of -the dead, no- crypto-.
gram for private circulation. It is to be*
the facile, didatic, collective work. of s$v-~
eral hundred competent 'scholars, each of
' whom'' knows .that he' is writing- for, the
people. The programme has been made,
the' work' assigned, the task begun,' and,
in-some subjects, finished.. The names of
the editors are, I think, a guaranty of the
thoroughness of the work." . V • ~ ; < I
. . Poor Boys' Chances.
John Habberton "iis probably better
known as the author of ' "Helen's Babies",
.than he Is under his own name. , At any.
rate, John Habberton is a very clever
juvenile writer and his latest book de-,
serves a place in the hands of every boy. .
He calls it "Poor Boys' Chances" and in
its pages he shows why the boys of this
generation should not be discouraged be
cause there may not seem to be the same
¦ opportunities for a poor chap to make his"
way in . the world as there was in the
years when his forbears had their careers
before them. He shows that "it, is true
that a few— a very f ev.% of the old-time
chances are gone, but ft is also true that
for every one that has disappeared there
are a hundred new ones.".
. The book is; very profusely illustrated,
and, its contents contain well written ac
: counts ot the lives of the prominent men
of , the. United States who can be taken as
models for helping .the poor boy to de
cide "what he shall be." (Published by
.the Henry Altemus Company, Philadel-.
phia.' Price 50 cents.)
"An Essay "by Stevenson. ~
There is much food for .thought in that
essay :by; Robert Louis Stevenson, "Aes
Triplex," in which he writes so beautifully
of the relatlon'of life to death^ -It Is prob^
ably 'familiar to the readers of .Stevenson
* who'j, have their complete set of * his
volumes. Those who are not so for
.tunate will ' welcome j a neatly bound i and
: typographically, perfect little book which
•7 contains just this one gem and which is
now being published by Charles Scribner's
' Sons,' New York, price 50 cents. Steven
son holds : that - the man ¦ who lives his life
,*of work and usefulness in a'comparatively
'short period is rr.ore to be admired than
one, who, drags out', an existence long. in
years but short in 'profitable, results. .He
says : :,"And even If death catch peoples,
' like ,' an; : open " pitfall arid in ' mid-career,
laying but .vast '* projects arid ¦ \ planning
monstrous ' foundations,- Mushed with' hope
. and \ their : mouths : full -.: of • boastful • .lan
guage,: they should.be at'once tripped. up
and silenced;,. Is there *" not something.
- brave and spirited in such aVdetermination?
with colored "maps, have been revised to
meet present conditions. Athletic and rac
ing records have been'brought up to date
and many paragraphs 1 added 'of matter."
(Flexible cloth. 25 cents; library style, 50
cents.) , :
History of the Bench and Bar of Call
' * r . fornla.
' A book that undoubtedly deserves , a
place in the library of every lawyer in
California is a publication from a Los
Angeles : publishing-house,' "History of
the Bench and Bar of California." The
work was originally the idea of Hon. M.
M. Miller of the/ San Francisco bar: but
Mr. Miller; after, gathering much mate
rial, ,was obliged to abandon' the project
owing to alluring inducements held -out
to him to settle inHonolulu and take part
in the transformation of the Hawaiian
Islands into a portion of the American
Union. - Thereupon the task was taken up
by Mr. Oscar T. Shuck, the author of
many -meritorious-..: works on similar
lines
The volume, as it is now offered to the
public, is a large one of over 1000 pages,
and covers fully the Judicial history, of
the State. In brief, it sets forth in j de
tail accounts of important legislation and
extraordinary, cases,' and. also offers the
reader , a store of humorous : and pathetic
recollections from the pens of . eminent
men, who write from their own personal
recollections. In addition' are .given- the
biographies of many remarkable men. : •
The articles, which, taken, as a whole,
give the complete history of ,the bench
and bar, , are written . by men who have
made special studies of the topics where
on they write. For example: '; The open
ing pages are devoted to a historical re
view of the judiciary system of Califor
nia; by Henry H. Reid; then is given a
review/ of;' military-civil, government
l£4t)-50, by Samuel . W. Holladay, and so
on; every different phase pertinent to the
general- subject is taken up in 'turn arid
ably discussed. " -
J A' strong feature of the work Is its bi
ographical section and the excellent half
tone photographs of . the men who have
had the most to do with . the judicial side
of California In the past and also those
who are now engaged in the practice of
the- law.*- V • • ' ' : ¦ ' •
A complete \ list: of California law
books . is given,' and there is also added ! a
full* Index, .which:makes the volume val
uable for handy reference. (Published by
The Commercial Printing-house, Los An
geles, Cal:) . • -. ..
Political Economy of Humanism. ;
"The ; Political Economy of. Humanism,"
by. Henry. Wood,' is a practical and Inter
esting work. ; It is made up to a great ex
tent from matter revl3ed' to date; which
has 'passed -through four editions:, under
the .'title of ¦: "The - Political ; Economy .of
Natural 1 . Law."' Besides *the .revision : two
new chapters, upon "vital topics have 'bet- n
added. The new title also more , properly
bo. Although the ecere Is set In Rome, j
and the chief characters are Romans, the
motive of the story is neither peculiarly
Roman nor Italian. Its interest is wider
than that being concerned with a motive
of universal" application. Kit -"Is a world
theme wrought out in Rome.' • , :
It will naturally be asked, why, then,
is Rome chosen as the central scene? The
answer is, because Rome Is to the author
in some respects the capital of the world;
: this by reason of its historical and ' re
ligious interest, the mystery of eternal
life that, clings to it, the charm of its ar
tistic associations, and above all, the
value, of Its "geographical position in rela
tion : to the great line of commercial ac
tivity in the world.
Rome stands . to . the author as it stood
to Mazzlnl, as the future Pantheon of Hu
manity, .the court ami the congress- o"
man. In his dream of the future he seeu
Rome as the center to which all the na
tions will come for lae . settlement of in
ternational disputes, as well, perhaps, as
tellectual order and Justice Jn the social
_order, - had joined ¦ company with . it."
"(On Byron.)
The new, robust and almost full-blooded
democracy of this age has discarded truth
and even freedom as Insufficient Ideals
without that of bread In abundance, and
Mr. Hall Calne has uttered Its word In a
piquant story, which Is embodied In "The
Eternal City." . ,
" 'Yet you thought you had got the
mlllenlum when you got the'. statute,' sale 1
a voice from the crowd.
"'So we did. sonny, but *we were liko
the Dutchman's dog: 'Schneider/ said the
Dutchman, 'you are free,' 'But where
can I go?" said Schneider. 'You are free,'
said the Dutchman. 'But what can I
eatr 'You are free, I tell you.' Next day
Schneider was found dead In n ditch. 'He
can't blame me. I gave him his liberty,
didn't I r said the Dutchman '
" Tou ought to be ashamed of yourself
talking like that of your King and coun
try!' said another choking voice in tne
crowd. "
Mr. Hall Caine is evidently with the
people.
This' is how the condition of the poor
in the Roman Campagna Is -described:
"Housed In huts of straw, sleeping on
mattresses of leaves, clothed In rags or
nearly nude, fed on maize and chestnuts
and acorns, worked eighteen hours a day
and sweated by the tyranny, of the over
seers to whom landlords leave their lands
while they idle their days in the salons cf
Rome and Paris, men and women and
children are treated worse than slaves
and beaten more than dogs."
. And "You take these statements light
ly—you that don't know what it is to be
hungry, you that have food enough to
eat, and only want sleep to digest it. But
1 know these things by bitter knowledge—
by experience. Don't talk to me, you who
had your fathers and mothers to care for
you and your comfortable homes. to llvo
In. I had none of these things. I was
nursed in a workhouse and brought up in
a hut in the Campagna. Because of the
miserable laws of your predecessors my
mother drowned herself In the Tiber and
I knew what it was to starve. And I am
only one of many. At the very door of
Rome, under a Christian Government, tho
poor are living lives of moral anaemia and
physical atrophy more terrible -by far
than those which made the pagan poet
say two thousand years ago, 'Bands vivlt
humanum genus (the human race exists
for the benefit of the few).* "
And Mr. Hall Caine is not less sincerely
than evidently with the people, for when
he describe* his hero, whose utterance I
have Just quoted, he seerns almost to im
personate him, and the utterances of the
one In character are often informal ut
terances of the other.
It is dlrBcult to enumerate the bearings
of this pocial and political evangel.
Among the salient features of a story
with such a motive is, of course, its atti
tude toward the great facts of the modern
world. One of these great facts , is th>>
militarism of the present time. The story
It intended to be strongly opposed to the
spirit of militarism. It regards warfare
as a barbarous and brutal method of set
tling national disputes, and strongly In
dicates, a belief that the lawr of nature
are fast rendering it impracticable and
impossible, this both on its economic and
Its scientific sides, not to speak of its
moral and spiiitual aspects.
Another feature of the atory. deals' with
the soil of the x earth. The teaching 'of the
story is that trie land belongs to the whole
human family and that it is wrong aud
wicked of any class to take possession of
it to the exclusion of the rest. Here again
the laws of nature arc made the ground
for the. belief that the land will- return
into the possession of humanity.
Once more the attitude of the story, to
ward capital may be characterized in an
identical manner. The trend of the teach
ing manifestly is that great trusts and
syndicates are Injurious to the interests
of the human family and that the laws
of nature are once more operating to put
an end to them by submerging them into
the possession of the natiQn, and finally
of the race.
Lastly, and above all, it will be asked
whac is the relation of the story to re
ligion? Here the Intention is to take
Christianity as a basis of faith, and par
ticularly the teaching of the words of
Christ as the foundation of belief, ths
Lord's prayer being more especially used
as the basis of a political charter, the
idea of the author being that Christ Is
law-giver for the nation as well as for
the individual.
The attitude toward the "churches, or*
rather to-o-ard the churfch, is perhaps
more difficult to state, though it is clear
and decisive. The author shows the deep
est respect for the Catholic church as a,
divine institution, fiut it must be at once \
said that he is an unyielding opponent to
the t emporal claims of the papacy. His ¦
attitude in this regard is very emphatical
ly stated in several places— the view being
that a Pope can be a temporal sovereign
only on the basis of absolutism, and that
any divided political authority would be
contrary to the fundamental idea of the
papacy. As' this temporal absolutism
comes into collision with tne political doc
trines on which the story is founded, the
author is at war with it... Of course, it
may be said, as he would say, that he is
an adversary of the body of the church
rather than to its soul.
In a word, the fundamental religious
and political idea at the root of the story
Is the sovereignty, of the people. . This
rinds very strong- expression . again and
again, and it is even accompanied by the
necessary deduction that if the people are
the true sovereigns in every country of
the world, there can be no rebellion ex
cepi rebellion -against the people; there
fore, that all ruling classes that are not
the servants of the people are reuEis to
the people, whatever uniform thejr wear.
"It is." says one of the speakers In the
story-^'because the votes of the peo
ple %re hot rightly apportioned- that re
actionary governments in Italy have been
able to keep us out of the, divinest part
of our human patrimony, t the patrimony
of our Intelligence." Generation after gen
eration we have lived In the darkness ot
Ignorance that the rebels, of the ruling
classes might do their best to reduce us
to the condition of beasts of fcurden. I
thank my good, kind, merciful trod that
they have" not been able to do so alto
gether. ; Man is divine. _ man is God-like,
and the Almighty has not allowed that
even his worst oppressors' should bring
him down to the fbvel of the brutes!"
¦From all this.lt might perhaps be con-,
eluded ¦ that his story will , contain much
theorizing, but such an inference, could be
warranted only by a haste .which ! would
leave out of consideration- the fact that
Mr. Hall Calne Is, in his story-telling, con
cerned with drama above and before all
else. Incident presses ? hurriedly, on' In
cident In "The Eternal City," as in "The
Christian," In "The Manxman" and all his
books. The published portions alone
suffice to make this simply inconceivable^
The theories are indeed there, but ' they
underlie plot. J counter-plot . and develop
ment:, they do not emerge otherwise than
by mere reflect, as in the story of the dog
Schneider, or by the, brief and pertinent
utterances of the speakers.
It might also _very ;-aturally be imag
ined that Mr. Hall Caine's new story, is a
story of Italian, , or more . stricYly, of
Roman life. This, however, is really not
\
Indeed, Mr. Hall Calne Is, In this novel,
the mirror of his as* as Well as its high
exponent to the very tittle of a difference.
Let me illustrate this difference by com
paring the democratic movement which
proceeded. Kay from 1800 to 1870. as •de
scribed by Mr. .Morley. with the demo
cratic movement which is now in pro
gress. The former was largely Ideal, the
latter is not to be contented with formu
las without bread. "Of what manner is
this spirit?" asks the first-named writer
about the revolution of a generation ago.
"Is it not a masterful and Impatient
yearning after many good things, unsub
dued and uninformed either by a Just
knowledge of the time, and the times
which are needed to bring to men the
fruits cf their hope, or by a fit apprecia
tion of orderly and tranquil activity for
the puhMc service, as the normal type of
the individual life? • • • (a) colossal
figure, which has haunted Europe these
four-sccre years and more, with Its new
born passion, its )-»lf -controlled will, its
constant cry for multitude of unknown
blessings under the single name of Free
dom, the one known and unadulterated
word of blessing. If only truth, which
aione cf words is essentially divine and
sacrosanct, had been the chief talisma.i
of the revolution the movement would
have been very different from that which
we know. But to claim this or that in the
name of trutrf would have been to borrow
, • • • language ¦• .• • covered thick
•with hateful associations. Freedom, after
all, was the next best thing. t for It is an
lndirpcnsable condition of the best of all;
but it could not lead men until the spirit
c£ truth, which means science in the in-
The great poet of to-day would be a
world poet. The great novelist is a world
novelist The word of Hall Caine with re
gard to his present story sets the neces
sary proof upon this; in It he speaks of
the world, and not of Italy aryi of Rome
as the world's lieart— not as the capital of
a respectable kingdom." In order to Justify
and explain the title of my story I would
eay that it seems to me almost certain
that in the great future, which' Is to wit
ness the breakdown of so many barriers
dividing man from man and man from
God. and In the new methods of settling
Internal end international disputes, which
will take the place of the brutal and bar
barous conflicts of war, as well as the
cruel and fratricidal struggles of trade,
the old mother city of the pagan and the
Christian worlds will have her rightful
rank. Her geographical position, her re
ligious and historical Interest, her artistic
charm and, above all. the mystery of eter
nal life which attaches to her, seem to me
to point to Rcme as the seat of the great
court of appeal in the congress of human
ity which >Cae surely as the sun will rise
to-morrow) the future ¦will see estab
lished."
In truth, the novelist of the day sup
plants the poer. Just as the poet of old
supplanted the prophet and the seer.
Not to delay the reader with apologies
for the length of the ' quotation, I may
point out some of the strains of sugges
tiveness running through these passages
vriien read In connection with Hall Caine's
current story, "The Eternal City." This I
wish to study here while it is running in
Collier's Weekly in the UiJted States and
In the Lady's Magazine in England. Just
as at least one Italian critic has dohe In
regard to the "Piccolo Mondo Moderno"
of Fogazzaro, which Is running In La
Nuova Anlologia. but in doing so I wish
to dissociate the author In the most posi
tive and In the most complete way from
any of the many responsibilities which
may directly or indirectly spring up or
which may be engrafted upon what is
•written or quoted. This writer has al
ready said to the American public that
"so far as it concerns the primary sugges
tions on which I have begun to work.
• • • I find myself once more indebted
to the book of books for the foundation
of my theme. The story -of 'The Eternal
City* Is, both on its human side and on
the side of its intellectual intention, the
stcry of Samson and his lifelong struggle
with the lords of the Philistines." This,
to one who remembers the "Samson Ago
niEtes." is merely a proof case among
others creating an identity of interpreta
tion between the two English poets in the
aspects Just described and the modern
•writer, and setting the stamp of the same
English positivism of social and political
treatment upon the works of the latter
and those of the former. And the marks
of identity are deepened into characteris
tics v.-hen they apply In the double case
of biblical themes ct classic themes, and
of a social and political handling of these
EUbJects.
"In Shakespeare the dramatic form helps
partly to make this more prominent,
though the poet's spirit shines forth thus
independently of the mold which imposes
itself. Of Milton we may gay, too, that In
ppite of the supernatural machinery of his
greatest poem. It bears strongly Impressed
on it the political mark, and that in those
minor pieces, where he is avowedly In the
political sphere, he etill rises to the full
height of his majestic harmony and no
blest dignity." (Miscellanies, L pp. 210
213.)
"To this band of sacred bards few are
called, while perhaps not more than four
high names would fill the list of the
chosen— Dante, the poet of Catholicism;
Shakespeare, of feudalism; Milton, of Pro
testantism; Goethe, of that new faith
which Is as yet without any universally
recognized labeL The far-ehlnlng pre-em
inence of Shakespeare, apart from the In
comparable fertility and depth of his nat
ural gifts, arises secondarily from, the
larger extent to which he transcended the
special forming Influences, and refreshed
his fancy and widened his range of sym
pathy by recourse to what was then the
nearest possible approach to a historic or
political method. • • • While in Dante the
Inspiring lorce was spiritual and In Goethe
It was Intellectual, we may say that both
in Shakespeare and Milton It was political
and social. In other words, the drama of
the one and the epic of the other were
each of them connected with Ideas of gov
ernment and the other external move
ments of men In society, and with the
play of the sentiments which spring from
them. We assuredly do not mean that in
either of them, least of all in Shakes
peare, there is an- absence of the spiritual
element. This would be at once to thrust
them down Into a lower place, for the
spiritual is th<? very essence of poetry.
But with the spiritual there mixes in our
Englishmen' a most abundant leaven of
recognition of the impressions and Im
pulses of the outer forms of life, as well
as of active sympathy with the every
day debate of the world.
"They are neither of them Inferior to the
highest In the sense of the wide and un
alterable things of the spirit, yet with
both of them, more than with other
poets of the same rank, the man with
¦whose soul and circumstance they have to
deal is the Politicon zoon, no high ab
straction cf the race, but the creature
with concrete relations and a full objec
tive life.
•""¦N DUE, April 3.— Great and ambitious
Y J books are mirrors of aeons. "The \
\*\ greatest poets." writes John Mor-
JL \ ley, "reflect beside all else the
X broad-bosomed haven of a perfect
and positive faith, in which mankind has
for some space found shelter, unsuspicious
of the new and distant wayfarings which
are In store.
from the ; press • In a few weeks. , Over
800 of the most eminent "Jewish" and non
{Jewish scholars are engaged on it, and
nearly every country of the civilized
world are represented on the editorial
staff.: The publishers state that the ac
tual cash outlay Involved in the making
of .. this encyclopdela will reach nearly
$500,000. It la their, intention to have the
work entirely free from- bias or color
and to cover r : the , subject In; the most
exhaustive manner. Judging ' fromithe
advance sheets, showing the typographi
cal appearance, general plan of the work,
and- Illustrations,, these volumes should
prove a veritable treasure-house of in
formation relating to the history , and
; antiquities of the Jewish nation, the doc
trines, usages, and tenets of the Jewish
faith, and the great share which men
and - women of. the Jewish . blood have
taken In advancing - the civilization of
the world. : * *
The encyclopedia Is to appear in. twelve
volumes, quarto, aggregating about 8000
pages, .with about 2000 illustrations. Price
per volume, cloth, $6. ] .
In 'speaking ."of the^proposed work Rev.
Dr. . Jacob Voorsanger, rabbi of the Con
gregation Emanu-El, San Francisco, Cal.,
professor of Semitic languages and liter
ature • In ' the .: University of California,
Berkeley. Cal., says: "What the Talmuds
have done for the people of the early cen
turies the Jewish-Encyclopedla will do
for the twentieth«ntury. It will put In
compact and cori«5Wte form all the knowl
edge by which Israel."- has ; become the
world's spiritual . conqueror. : It , must, of
needs, present-- all knowledge in a popular
form. .-: It Is not designed, primarily,. as a
monument ¦ of . scholars, but as a teacher
of the people.; It will seek to revive a
love of knowledge. It will create a stln>
and does, not life go down with a better
grace, f owning in full body over a preci
pice,' than miserly straggling to an end In
sandy-deltas? When the Greeks mads
their fine saying that those whom the gods
love die young, I cannot ! help believing
they had this sort of death also In their
eye. For surely, at whatever age It
overtakes the man. this Is to die young.
Death has not been suffered to take so
much as an Illusion from his heart. In
the hot fit of life, a-tiptoei on the highest
point of being, he passes at a bound on
,to the other side. The noise of the mallet
and chisel Is scarcely quenched, the trum
pets are hardly done blowing, when, trail
ing with him clouds of glory, this happy
starred, full-blooded spirit shoots Into the
spiritual land." . ¦ ; -
A Handy Manual.
•The New Oonklln's Handy Manual an«l
Atlas of, the World," just Issued by Laird
& Lee of Chlcagcs is not only a revised
edition of a work whose success has, been
phenomenal— over- two millions of , copies
sold In twelve years— but,. to all purposes.
an absolutely new book, over 150 pages
having been altered and a number of them
replaced by entirely new ones. The Presi
dential election of '1900 and the census of
the same year (as far as the results have
been made public) are given in full, with
classifications and comparisons ' peculiar
to this .work. . Our young people will find;
here the rules of admission to West Point, '
Annapolis and the vast. civil service of the
United States: also th« conditions for en
listment in the regular army. Latest polit
ical events, recent, discoveries, statistics
and descriptions of Porto Rico. Hawaii,
the Philippine Islands/ etc., are given
with • detailed accuracy. The notices of
each of the forty-five States of the Union ,
Hall Caine and HIS Story,
"THE ETERNAL city"
expresses the spirit and purpose of the
book. Many of the most intelligent cnt-
Ica have made the Dolnt that Mr. Wood
makes what Is conventionally a rather
heavy subject not only Interesting but
positively entertaining. To have life and
utility social economics needs a philo
sophical illumination . that Is generally
lacking. In the' deeper analysis mind. Is
the worker, while labor, capital, land,
wages,, profits and values are but Its ex
pressive instruments. Society Is an or
ganism and social relations should be
viewed broadly from the organic and evo
lutionary standpoint. Mr. Wood's former
books have passed through many editions
and are In steady demand. The book Is a
handsome volume of more than three hun
dred pages and a variety of topics, like
co-operation and competition, trusts and
corners, strikes and profit-sharing. ! are
treated ably and impartially. (Published
by Lee & Shepherd. Jk-ston. ' Price ft 25.)
Choirs and Choral Music.
The second volume of that excellent ser
ies published by Charles Scribner's Sons
In "The Music Lover's Library," is before
us. The first was a very able historical
sketch of "The Opera. Past and Present."
by William F.' Apthorp; the present vol
ume deals with "Choirs and Choral
Music" and : Is written Jby Mr. Arthur
Mees, former conductor of the Cincinnati
May Festival Chorus, conductor of the
New York Mendelssohn Glee Club and of
the Albany Music Festival Association.
-Mr. Mees has written for the amateur
and not for the professional — and quits
correctly, . too, for-choral singing depends
entirely for its existence uron the efforts
of the non-professional. He designs to.
give "something about the beginnings
and the course of development of chorua
singing; something about the origin of
choirs, their constitution and the nature
of their activity, at different periods;
something about the history of the most
Important choral forms, ¦ particularly tin
Mystery and the Oratorio, • about their
essential characteristics and about thj
first and other notable . performances of
the best known of them." , .
Mr. Mees devotes an interesting chapter
to a review of the conditions which led up
to the organization of singing societies in
this country, and of the circumstances
under which the choral institutions that
were conspicuously instrumental in elo
vating the standard of chorus singing
were established.
. In the last chapter he dwell on the qual
ities necessary to the efficient chorus sing
er and chorus Instructor.
The book is illustrated with excellent
half-tones of conductors and composers
and has In addition an Index convenient
for handy reference. Published by Charles
Scribner'B Sons, New York. Price ft 26.
Standard Letter Writer.
Laird & Lee of Chicago has Just Issued
the New Century Standard Letter Writer,
a volume Of nearly 400 pages. The publish
ers .have watched with the utmost care
over the absolute correctness of the text
and have made.it, so to speak, their own
work. The contents are attractive ani
comprehensive. They include general ad-
Vice on the construction of, a letter In all
Its details: a special Business department,
with a large number of model letters on
almost every conceivable subject that may
have to be treated In the course of af
fairs; a, series of family missives, meet
ing, with much delicacv, the needs of- a
correspondence between parents, children,
etc.; an exhaustive collection of love let
ters. Finally, social notes of every nature,
congratulations, condolences, acceptances,
regrets, etc., etc., are given In careful
wording. Added j to this ' correspondence
which occupies, of course, the main por
tion of this volume, there is In fac simile
the correct forms used for visiting cards,
invitations, etc ; also legal blanks for
wills, mortgages, agreements,, etc.: a list
of foreign words frequently used in writ
ing letters; a well-chosen vocabulary of
leading- synonyms; a brief compendium of
etiquette, etc.; Dainty specimens o'f hand
writing" are : scattered through the pages
as tail-pieces. (Cloth, .cover in colors, 75
cents; ¦ boards, cloth back, colored cover.
50" cents.)' . l y ¦ '-J-* "'* ¦"¦''- '¦'; ' ~" ' <• -. . •
: ' ;" ; : Literary Notes. 2
¦'/'McClure,-' Phillips ¦¦.&¦¦¦¦.' Co. have 'Just
brought out in appropriate form a re
vised edition' of. Ida M. Taxbell's "Life of
Napoleon." The new edition Is much en
larged, a sketch' of Josephine being one of
the most important additions.
Bird students will - find the migration
tables, or. birds' calendars, in Bird Lore
(The Macmillan Company) for April of
especial interest, while the numerous fully
illustrated stories, verses and jingles
about birds should be of value to teachers.
C. J. Cutcliffe Hyne, the author of "The
Filibusters," "Prince Rupert the Bucca
neer," etc.. resides In Bradford, York
shire, England. " In his wide travels In
Europe, Africa and America he has de
voted special attention to the Balearlo
Islands, Russian Lapland, Algeria and
Tunis. . •
He makes it a point to travel at least
10,000 miles, over a new route, each year.
He is fond of sport, such as big-gams
shooting and yachting, and makes a fad
of "cave-hunting."
"The Sea Beach at Ebb Tide," by Au
gusta Foote Arnold, a work of 500 pages,
with over 600 illustrations, might appro
priately have for. its ' subtitle "How to
Know the Bearfi," as it does for the sea
shore what others have clone for trees and
wild flowers. Seaweeds and mosses, shells
and mollusks, are fully described, in many
cases with illustrations. It is a book for
nature-lovers, to take on summer outings.
Directions are given for collecting ani
preserving seaweeds, arranging: a herb
arium, etc. It will be DUblished by the
Century Company In May.
"The Lion's Brood" is a new novel by
Duf field Osborne . announced for early
spring publication by, Doubleday, Page &
Co. "The Lion's Brood," It will be re
membered, was the sons of the old Car
thagenlan leader, Hamilcar, who as chil
dren were sworn enemies of Rome. Han
nibal took his oath on the altar at 9, and
became leader of the Carthagenlan armies
at 28, afterward. to be. perhaps, the great
est general of all times. The story is of
love and, romance in which the author
takes advantage "of ; the most dramatic
incidents attending ' the famous Italian
campaign of Hannibal.
The distinguishing feature of the Apr*l
Critic is the first installment of a series
of "Real Conversations" between William,
Archer and various notable- writers of the
day, Thomas Hardy^being the initial sub
ject. Carried on entirely in dialogue,
there Is much that is pertinent 'and infor
mal to the present" .interview, which is
given further j reality through admirable
pen-portraits of both Mr. Archer and Mr.
Hardy. Another new series which be
gins in the current number of the Critic
is the letters from "Arthur Pendenys" to
"Belinda," "Arthur Pendenys" being, of
course, Arthur L.' Humphreys, who is well
known to all bookmen and collectors. The
first letter, which is ; entitled "Books of
To-Day and Books ' of To-Morrow," is
spiced with much sound sense and spright
ly humor.
- Ernest F. Henderson, Ph.D.' (Berlin),
author of a "History of Germany in the
Middle Ages," editor of "Select Historical
Documents" and "Side Lights on Eng
lish History," has in train for publication
by the Macmillan Comoany "A Short H's-'
tory of Germany." - It will be a thorough
working over of an "immense mass of iit
erature embodying the.most'recent results •
of German scholarship. The , author has
devoted some eighteen years of hl3 life
. almost- exclusively to the subject and has
had exceptional advantages In foreign uni
versities, libraries and printshops and In
the companionship ; ot foreign scholars. It
• is hoped that each . individual chapter will
! prove not merely a convenient summary
but also a distinct addition to the knowl
edge obtainable even ' irom ' fuller mono
graphs in English. It is hoped, too, that
HISTORY OF THii BENCH AND BAR
OF CALIFORNIA— Edited by Oscar T.
Shuck. The Commercial Printing House.
Los Angeles.
"A MISSING HERO— By Mrs. Alexan
der. R. F. Fenno & Co., New York, ft 60.
THE CHILDHOOD OF II-SHIB THE
OJIBWA— By Albert Ernest Jenks. Tha
American Threshermun, Madison, Wia. ft.
LIFE AND SPORT ON THE PACIFIC
COAST— By Horace Annesley VachelL
Dodd, Mead & Co., New York. $1 50.
JOHN CHARITY— By Horace Annesley
Vachell. Dodd, Mead & Co., New York.
$1 50.
THREE FAIR PHILANTHROPISTS—
By Alice M. Muzzy. The Abbey Press,
New York. $1 50. ,
LIKE ANOTHER HELEN— By George
Horton. The Bowen-Merrill Co., Indiana
polls, n bo.
PRINCE RUPERT— By Cutcllffe Hyne.
Frederick A. Stoke3 Co., New York. $1 50.
A MARYLAND MANOR— By ¦ Frederick
Emory. Frederick A. Stokes Co., New
York. *1.
THE WIZARD OF THE SEA— By Roy
Rockwood. The Mershon Company, New
York. 50 cents.
BOUND TO RISE— By Allen Chapman.
The aiershon Company, New York. 50
cents.
A "BIRTHDAY BOOK— From the Writ-
Ings of John Oliver Hobbs; selected and
arranged by Zoe Proctor. John Lane.
New York.
IN HIS OWN IMAGE— By Frederick
Baron Corvo. John Lane, New York.
WITHOUT A WARRANT— By Hllde
gard Brooks. Charles Scrlbaer's Sons.
New York, fl 50.
CRUCIAL INSTANCES — By Edith
Wharton. Charles Scribner's Sons, New
York. $1 50.
ADAM BEDE— By George Eliot. John
Lane, New York.
UNDER TOPS'LS AND TENTS— By
Cyru3 Townsend Bra&y. Charles Scrib
ner's Sons, New York. $1 50.
FOR THE BLUE AND GOLD— By Joy
Llchtensteln. A. M. Robertson, San Fran
cisco. $l 50. *
THE OCTOPUS— By Frank Norrls.
Doubleday, Page & Co.. New York. $1 60.
THE SILVER SKULL-By S. R. Crock
ett. Frederick A. Stokes Company, New
York. U60.
YOUR UNCLE LEW— By Charles Re
ginald Sherlock. Frederick A. Stokea
Co., New York.
SERIOUS COMPLICATIONS— By Fran
ces Hanford Delanoy. Tha Abbey Press,
New York. U.
BETSY ROSS— By Chauncey C Hotch
kiss. D. Appleton & Co., New York. $L50t
THE Nth FOOT IN WARr-By Lieuten
ant M. B. Stewart. \j. S. A. The, Abbey.
Press, New York. $1.
THE LOVE- LETTERS OF THE KINO
—By Richard LeGalllenne. Little, Brown
& Co., Boston. $1 50." > rr ,\".
THE COMMON-SENSD PHILOSOPHY
OP SPIRIT OR PSYCHOLOGY-By.
Charles H. Foster of CaL
THE PASSING OP THE GREAT
QUEEN— By Marie Corelli. Dodd, Mead A
Co., New York. 50 cents.
A SCHOOLBOY'S PLUCK— By Roy
Rockwood. The Mersbon Company. New
York. 60 cents.
THE LUCK OF A CASTAWAY— By
Mark Marline. The Mershon Company,
New York. E0 cents.
LEE'S AMERICAN AUTOMOBILE AN
NUAL FOR 1901— Published by Laird &
Lee, Chicago.
SPIRITUAL KNOWING. OR BIBLE
SUNSHINE— By Theodora K. Seward.
Funk & Wagnall3 Company, New York. JL
THREE MEN AND A WOMAN— By R.
H. P. Mills. G. W. Dillingham Company,
New York. $150. 7h?i-
ONE AMERICAN GIRL-By . Virginia
Webb. G. W. Dlllingham Company. New
York. In' paper, 50 cents.'
A NEW "WAT AROUND AN OLD
WORLD— By the Rev. Francis E. Clark,
D: D. Harper &'Brothers, New York. $1 50.
THE KING OP.HONET ISLAND— By
Maurice ? Thompson. " G. * W. PlUlnghaTn
Company, New. York.
..-. EASTOVER COURTHOUSE— By Henry
Burnham Bo^ae and Kenneth Brown.
Harper & Brothers, New York. $1 50.
JOHN VYTAL— By William Farquhar
Payson. - .Harc>er & Brothers, New Tork.
$120.
Books Received.
A CAROLINA CAVALIER— By Georga
Gary Eggleeton. Lothrop Publishing Com
pany, Boston. $1 50.
Among Dodd. Mead & Company's an
nouncements of publications for th«
spring we note the following: "The. first
volume of George Salisbury's "History
of Criticism"; the third and fourth, rol
umes of Augustus J. C Hare's auto
biography; a tribute to Queen Victoria
by Marie Corelli. entitled, "The Passing
of the Great Queen"; an Interesting vol
ume by Arthur Bartlett Maurice, editor
of The Bookman, devoted to "New York
In Fiction"; a volume of poems by Ellen
Thorneycroft Fowler. "Love's Argu
ment"; a new edition, In cheaper form,
of the "Love Letters of Dorothy Osborna
to Sir William Temple" p Frederick Wed
more' ¦ quarto on "Turner and Ruskin";
the "Journal of Hugh. Galne." edited by
Paul Leicester Ford; a new volume by M.
Maeterlinck, "The Life of the Bee"; Mis*
H. A. Guerber*s "Empresses of France":
"Masters of Music." by Anna. Alice Cha
pln, and "Life and Sport on the Padfla
Slope," by Horace Annesley VachelL
In the list of fiction there are some not
able volumes, as follows: "Observation*
of Henry," by Jerome K. Jerome; "Souls
of Passage," by Amelia E. Barr; a re
vised edition of "Etidorhpa," by John Url
Lloyd, the author of "Strlngtown on the
Pike": "Pro Patria." by Max Pemberton;
"A Question of Silence," by Amanda M.
Douglass; "The Fanatics," by Paul Lau
rence Dunbar; "Every Inch a King." by
Josephine Caroline Sawyer; "John Char
ity," by Horace Annesley Vachell; "Ac
cording, to Plato," by Frankfort Moore;
"The Crow's Nest." by Mrs. Everard
Cotes (Sara Jeanette Duncan), and "The
"Way of Belinda," by Frances Weston
Carruth.
Owing to some misunderstanding about
the system of arriving at the ""best sell-
Ing" books of a month. The Bookman tor
April explains Its method of computation
as follows:
A book standing first on any list re
ceives ten.
A book standing second on any list re
ceives eight.
A book standing third on any list re
ceives seven.
¦ A book standing fourth on any list re
ceives six. . '*¦';¦;'**!
A book standing fifth on any list re
ceives five.
A book standing sixth on any list re
ceives four. • w \',_ Jk *. .
According to the foregoing list the six
books which have sold b*>st In the order
of demand during the month are:
First. "Alice rf Old Vlncennes." Thomp
son (Bowen-Merrlll Company), Jl 50, 297
points. ' ¦__
Second. "Eben Hotden." Bacheller (Lo
throp & Co.). 51 50, 224 points.
Third. "Richard Yea-and-Nay.' Hew
lett (Macmlllan). 51 BO. ISO points.
Fourth. "Eleanor." Ward (Harper), $1 BO.
79 points. .
Fifth "An Englishwoman's Love Let
ters" (Doubleday, Page & Co.), $1 50, 73
points.
Sixth. "L'Alglon." Rostand (Russell).
$160, 58 points. -^ p
gome of the author's own enthusiasm for
the subject wUl be found reflected In the
work. He considers that the history or
Germany as being the most central power,
offers the best connecting thread through
the general history of Europe, and fur
thermore that no history whatever Is more
full of Incident, abounds more In light and
shade or shows a grander progress to
ward a finally attained coal.
THE SUNDAY OALIi.
4
Bu William J. £>. Crake. ££. &.ONE of the queer little animals of
Madagascar, which Is highly re-
garded by the natives as a table
delicacy, is the. wormeater Tenrec.
Centetes Ecaudatus, of the family of Cen-
tetldae. His habits are strictly nocturnal,
Like his cousin, the mole, he dotes on.
worms and he has the family nose, re-
markably developed.
There is little or no chance for a worm
when Tenrec noses him from above;
down through the earth like a knife Into
butter goes the proboscis, and subsequent
proceedings Interest the worm no more.
The Tenrec has an ancient pedigree, and
. . - ¦ ¦ ,
Is one of the primitive types of mammals
for which Madagascar is famous. He Is
the eole representative of his family, and
Is especially remarkable; for the total
absence of any tail (whence the name
Ecaudatus), and for a unique\ arrange
ment of teeth, four upper .tritubercular
molars. This, say the naturalists, with
his singular skull, proclaims his relation
ship to the marsupials of Australia and
America, another family of extreme an
tlqulty. The Tenrec'is a spiny, bristly
and hairy creature, of a general yellow-"
ish brown color, a foot or so In length,
and takes things easy for half the year,
hibernating below ground,
Then It is that the worm has his fe
ven f e*l° r *"*£** r Vx^/ ootB up Worms '
so do the natives of Madagascar root up
Tenrec and for precisely the same reason.
Roast Tenrec Is, in fact, one of the special
dishes of the Malagasy cuisine! •
WORM THA T IS CONSIDERED
A CHOICE TABLE DELICACY
This, of course' sounds barbarous and
"absurd to white people, but the redskins
have "their beliefs 'about : the' spirits,* and
«K» PlTlFUIi story, albeit uncanny,
II \ comes from Oklahoma. It Is a
If !V. story, of Indian belief In spirits—
" ,.- . or.' rather, of one great Evil Spir
it. .'And It is laying waste the lives of
many poor Indian mothers.
'The Cheyenne Indians, who inhabit the
southwest, part ' of „ . the\ Territory, have
been holding what they call "death
dances." They, not only do this, but they
have - been killing . their; own children and
doing " other fearful 'things because they
believe that the Evil Spirit demands such
sacrifice. \I The wrath of this spirit, they
claim, has fallen upon their tribe the past
month.*,* "' .' . » -.• •.. / ;
do what they consider is the best under
the circumstances.
Mrs. Anna Yellowbear. the wife of a
prominent medicine man. went blind and
Insane of grief from the death of her baby
girl, which was buried some three weeks
ago. Her afflictions were taken to mean
that all the children of the tribe must dis,
and several were smothered to death by
their mothers and buried In treetops.
. Bands of howling redskins gathered
around these graves and moaned and
prayed to the Great Spirit to save their
tribe. Notwithstanding this, the children
continued to die. and many of them were
buried In one large grave. -Diphtheria is *
the cause of most of the deaths, but the
Indians think the Evil Spirit demands th«
sacrifices. . /
TERRIBLE DEATH DANCE
OF CHEYENNE INDIANS
• ¦-. I ¦ ¦:'¦> ¦ ' ''¦¦'. ¦-¦•-.¦ ¦ ". . ' / * :
sen of the desert, closely allied to -the
giant cactus, but of an .order distinctly,
peculiar to Itself, Is the Yucca Brevlfolla,
or yucca palm, as If is familiarly ' but
erroneously ' called. This strangest of
trees] Is. principally j indigenous to "the;
great Mojaye desert In Southeastern Cal
ifornia, where it thrives abundantly, and
with x no .other nourishment, than 'is. af
forded b- the perpetual sunshine of that
otherwise desolate ' region!/ In appear
ance ,the yucca- resembles,, somewhat, a
scraggy ' " ; oak, ., entirely * destitute of ver-"
.dure, 'but- bsaring'at.i the ' endof each
scrawny limb a curious -growth 7 of brist
-• ling spines. ._'/'¦' '' ' ,. r ' " . ',*
'The principal peculiarity of the yucca,*
¦. however, . lies In the character ' of its
wood, which possesses no grain,. but con-/
slsts of an Intricate and. compactly Inter
woven mass of /wood fibers. :ItVhas for
years been an established fact that these
I timers are specially adapted to the manu
facture of a comparatively Indestructible;
.grade of , paper,, such as Is "'popularly util
ized In the printing of bonds and other In
struments requiring extreme ". durability."
¦Several', years since an • English ; company
. made extensive preparations for ; the man
." uf acture of yucca paper in Southern ; Call- ¦
fornia, to be exported'to the British Isles,
but it . was finally that the j trans
portation'; and ""duties: on the commodity,':
added- to the j cost* of producing, -.was: ex-'
cessive and the enterprise was abandoned.'
: Had' the venture been dominated 'with the~ ;
The present growth of cactus on our
great Southwestern plains, : while exten
sive, is under existing conditions too
scattering to form a permanent source
of supply as a paper producer, which cir
1 cumstance, however, could -. readily be
overcome by propagation In districts
suited only to this and kindred Indus
tries. The whole organization of ,, this
desert product adapts It to the endurance
of continuous drought,, while little or.no
earth is required for Its support In Its
wild state the mere falling of a detached
bulb on the arid sands is sufficient toln- :
sure the subsequent appearance, of an
additional specimen, which matures with'
great rapidity^ Hence the cultivation of.
Immense forests of this future commodity
could be accomplished .with .the utmost
facility.* In addition to its -value in a
purely mechanical sense the giant cactus
produces in Its' season a- delicious: fruit,
the crimson pulp of which. the Indians of
Arizona and New Mexico make into pre
serves of singular excellence, which fact
involves a suggestion as to what mignt
be accomplished, similarly, on a more ex
tensive scale. * , " '
" A' more' immediately resouroeful. denl-'
tion represents an increase of 238 per cent
within the last thirteen years, and, con
sidering the rapid Inroads made on our
native supply of white pine and poplar,
which at present constitute the ( most
economical basis in paper-making, the ne
cessity of a supplementary material must
eventually be manifested.
I . The • cultivation • of the j Opuntla | Tuna
cactus" In the" sterile - foothill districts, 1
{ where -it '.vegetates' most profusely, offers
! a novel inducement j in the' restoration to
*; this 'continent of /the ; valuable 'cochineal
; industry,"; for '. which our : climate , is • pecu-"
' llarly adapted. The native country of the
cochineal . is Mexico, but through ¦ sheer
neglect ; the industry has been ' largely ab
• sorbed' by. South America and .the" Canary
I Islands, • whence - comes [ the • greater por-
spirit of American perseverance and the
product Intended for home consumption'
there is every reason to believe the un
dertaking ' would - have ; proved " a 'success.
In justification of this belief a local com
pany of only limited, capacity Is at prea?
ent j actively . engaged . In | producing from'
yucca /wood - a | tough : -fibrous material
which is utilized for such purposes as book
binding, as a substitute for felt and ' for
certain accessories peculiar to'.the' surgi
cal science. The product, w^ien subjected
to special treatments, Is also extensively
used as -. an artistic roofing, its flexible
character admitting 'of its conformity, to
the : antique tiling . effect so popular - In
architecture." 7 ¦' ;.
; The method employed In producing this
species of yucca paper la unique in ,• its
very ¦ simplicity, and . . : consists : merely in
placing the j log in a ; rotary veneer^' lathe,
where "> by means : of a keen- horizontal
blade r It Is literally; drawn 'out into a sin- 1 '
gle ' continuous sheet, ; which may J readily
be - cut '. with shears, but, j singularly
enough,* will neither break nor tear. V.{ \
Experts sent out by the British South
African Company to Inquire Into the re
ported find of coal in Rhodesia state that
the coal field Is situated some 190 miles
northwest of Bulawayo and Is known to
extend over at least 400 square miles. The
seams vary from five to ten feet In width,
and as the coal. lies, within forty feet of
tb% surface it will be worked by means
of inclines Instead of by shafts. Some of
the coal compares favorably with tho best
product' of^he "Welsh mines.
It Is well known that this desert sbruS
will thrive with equal redundancy north
of the Mexican line and although the bev
erage It yields so copiously might well b«
dispensed with In this country its other
products, if sufflcientlT developed, could
be rendered Important adjunct* to our
present resource*.
numerous arid districts of Mexico tho ma
guey Is extensively cultivated. Its leaves
and bulbs yielding a variety of products,
such. as spirits, cordage and textiles.
Borne Idea as to tho Immense profits da
rived from the culture of the plant In our
neighboring republic may be had from tha
fact that its combined product* often
yield the grower upward of $300 la gold
to th* acre.
Probably the most valuable product In
digenous to the American desert Is th*
maguey or agave, a plant partaking of
Identically the same nature and tenden
cies as the cactus. In appearance, how
ever, It Is- of an altogether different order
and represents a series of flat, armored!
blades radiating from a central bulb. In
gions, the planting of tho shrub is fre
quently accomplished by merely thrusting
one of, the thorny sprouts Into & deft of
lava rock. 'from which portion It speedily
.develops Into a thriving tree. On its na
tive American heaths tho tuna, by reason
of ; Its more -congenial environments,", at- 1
tains • to' much larger- proportions than
anyWtier© else In the' world,' yet- Its value
in these parts has, up to the present
time, been almost entirely overlooked. ;
tion of the supply. In rearing the cochi
neal insect immense • plantations of the
Tuna cactus, frequently representing 60,000
plants each, are maintained. In addition
to the^ revenue' derived from.the Insects It
nurtures, - the /fruit - of the tuna, which Is .
borne' in », great profusion, yields • a rich
crimson pigment of considerable value
commercially. This fruit, ¦'. which Is com
monly.known as the Indian fig, or prickly
pear,, is highly,. esteemed as an edible in'
Southern Europe, v the Canaries and
Northern Africa, .in 'which countries It.
constitutes- an '• Important product. The
fruit Is also possessed of certain medicinal
virtues,. being* freely administered as 1
cooling drink in the case of fever, and re
garded as a valuable remedy for tho euro
of ulcers."- : ¦ -..
; ..... f .'-.¦ f
The hardihood of the tuna cactus Is
quite; as remarkable as that of Its
elephantine cousin previously referred to.
In the countries where Its commercial
status is the highest. Its cultivation is
often successfully carried on in districts
that have previously been absolutely In
cinerated by volcanic action. In such re-
The materials at present entering most
extensively Into the manufacture of pa
per In America are waste cotton and cer
tain wood fibers. The supply 'of such in
gredients, however, is by no means inex
haustible. According to the latest sta
tistics, there are at present operated in
various parts of the United States no less
than 1231 paper mills, with a daily pro
ducing capacity of 20,936,180 pounds of the
perfected ware. This enormous produc-
The commercial value that attaches to
this species of cactus is Its adaptability
to the manufacture of paper, j Recent ex
periments with the pulp yielded by the
tough, fibrous element so prevalent in its
constituency have ¦ demonstrated that a
superior, grade of paper can be produced
therefrom, . and,' provided an adequate
supply of the material can be developed,
at a much lower cost than from ingre
dients commonly in use. . -
The rormer of these, as indicated by its
name, is a monster variety, the elongated
ribbed branches of which • reach to a
height of from 50 to 60 feet. The general
aspect of this desert prodigy is grotesque
in the extreme, its lower branches rear-
Ing themselves aloft with symmetrical
stateliness, while thos.e above reach down
ward and outward like the serpentine
arms of a mammoth octopus. ¦ Another
specimen of the giant cactus presents
the appearance of a single towering col
umn, with perhaps a solitary abbreviated
branch near, the apex, causing it from a
distance to closely resemble a telegraph
pole. * '
known as the Cactus Glganteus and Op
tunla Tuna.
*T OW to utilize tne vast expanses of
j \ aria plain which characterize cer
1 | tain portions of the section gen
~J erally designated as the "South
west." la a problem that has long
baffled the most ardent exponents of
desert reclamation. True, thousands of
acres of once utterly sterile land In vari
ous portions of the section referred to
have, through Irrigation, been trans
formed Into regions of surpassing fertil
ity. But such possibilities are compara
tively limited, while beyond the friendly
water zones there stretch away Immense
tracts which, a familiar Western proverb
declares, "Will raise nothing but sand
and cactus."
60 long and persistently has this idiom
been bandied about, that It Is scarcely
a wonder the last mentioned of the two
features excepted should come to be pop
ularly regarded as a product of absolute
ly no Intrinsic worth. The Idea, however.
Is deplorably erroneous, and so long as
it continues to prevail Immense acres,
capable of yielding princely revenues,
must remain In unclaimed Idleness.
That substantial profits may be realized
from the cultivation of cactus and kin
dred desert products Is being demonstrat
ed In various other countries where the
conditions affecting their growth and the
possibilities of practical utility are alike
Interior to those offered by this, their
native clime. The species of cactus In
digenous to. the wilderness districts of
New Mexico, Arizona and Southeastern
California are upward of 500 In number,
the most common of which are those
THE SUNDAY CALL.
FORTUNE IN DESERT PRODUCTS
5the carriage and walked with her free
elastic step In that direction. She moved
with a peculiar grace of action ; she . was
tall and her frame, though Blight, was
firmly knit and instinct with vitality and
health. Her hair was of a deep bronze
color, very uncommon, that could look al
most black in shadow and light up to a
ruddy gold when the sun shone upon it.
It was full of Irrepressible waves anl
tendrils and, however she dressed it, it
always formed a sort of halo round her
face, a halo of little tender curls that re
sisted damp and heat alike and softened,
the countenance they encircled In a char
acteristic and bewitching way. The face
itself was rather ; square in outline, tho
brow being full and wide, the eyes' set
rather far apart, a dark penciled gray in
color, and the molding of the chin and
Jaw being very firm. But the mouth was
full and gracious in its curves, and- the
nose was short and straight, and, like all
the other features, delicately cut. It was
a strong face, but a very charming one
withal, and the damask rose color that
mantled the cheek was like the bloom of
a ripe peach. Daphne was dressed all in
white this hot summer's evening; indeed,
white was her favorite wt«.r for manv
months of the year. A tall," slim deer-,
hound waited on her steps ad she moved
through the woodland track, and at a
word from his mistress he sped on ahead
and soon gave utterance to a short, sharp
bark, which instantly apprised Daphno
that he had had a find of some sort wr
another.
The next minute, guided by the sound,
•the was standing beneath one of the tot
tering walls of the old ruin, bending with
a look of deep concern over a prostrate
figure— the figure of a man, gray-headed
and ghastly, with a drawn, colorless face
and half open eyes; who lay helpless ani
motionless upon his back, his foot held
as In a. vise beneath a mass of great
stone3 which looked as though they mig;-.l
have crushed it past recovery. "
He was almost, if not quite, unconscious,
and Daphne almost feared he might • be
"No. but Sybil shall come soon If you
want her." answered Daphne In full, clear
tones. "Now, drink a little more; and
then I must leave you for a few minutes.
But I will soon come back, and then we
shall get help and can get you carried to
my pony phaeton, for you must not stay
here any longer." \
It was rather a terrible hour which fol
lowed, for when the men came and lifted
off the stones the foot beneath was seen
to be terribly crushed, and the suffering
was very" great In spite of all that could
be done to relieve and mitigate it. And
long before Daphne reached homo fi the
stranger lay In a dead faint upon the
cushions and rugs and . pillows that had
been collected to make a sort of ambu
lance for him. A rumor of disaster seemed
to have gone before her, for as the young
chatelaine drove up to the door of her
beautiful and stately home there were
servants j of both sexes standing about,
and an old lady with silver hair % and a
pale, anxious . face came fluttering down
the steps to meet her.
"Oh, my dearest Daphne, what has hap
pened?" " .,
."Nothing to me, auntie, dear, do not'be
so frightened; but tf gentleman who came
to the ruins to collect specimens of some
of the rare saxifrages that grow on ; the
old walls has met with a* serious accident,
and we must take him in here for the
present. I can see no other way. Look at
him— he looks terrible. ' "We must get him
to bed as quickly as possible. Oh, here
comes Mr. Margerison driving up! % How
glad I am that somebody had the sense. to
sehd to him. Indeed, he cannot be taken
farther. I was terribly ' afraid he might
die before I got him here."--
The young surgeon, who had had a noti
fication of disaster/ now : took . command
of the situation. . It was very plain' that
the patient must be ", attended to .without
delay, , and Daphne' j ; servants were hur
rying to ; make . preparations, In - which
their ; young mistress took a '-personal
share. A bedroom was instantly made
Next Minute She Was Bending With Deep Concern Over a Prostrate Figure.
so this must be the man." -
"Dear me, what a singular coincidence;
well, poor. man, if he has to stay here'
awhile, it is pleasant to know something
about him. But how very, much older hs
must be than Sybil. She was a mere child
last year.".
; ."She is older than she looks. She told
me "she was three and twenty then; but
had been kept out of the way till her sis
ters had married off.- I am afraid Mrs.
Plunkett is Just, a regular matchmaker.
I did not like her; and I was sorry for
poor little Sybil; but I think she has done
well for herself. Poor Sir Oliver has a
Bice face, I think, and no doubt he will
look younger when he is not in such ter
rible pain as he was when I found him."
.VPoor man. 7 Mr. Margerison says the
ankle Is very much Injured and that ho
will not be able to walk for a long time.
But I suppose he will be able later on to
move into some hotel : or house of 'his
own."- ' ; '.' - ...,. •¦.;¦• .¦•¦-•*
\'Oh, no doubt; but he must remain here
for awhile, till things are in good trim;
and I mean to make great friends with
him. It is bo comfortable his 'being a
middle-aged man, and engaged, to a girt
one knows. I shall talk to him about
Sybil, and ask if he would like, her asked
here. I don't know her address' Just now,
bo I must wait even, to tell her till I can
talk to him; but perhaps it will be better
to wait till he' Is rather better before
writing anything. One does not want to
make her unhappy." ,
It was, however, several days : before
Daphne could have any kind of talk with
Sir Oliver. ; For } he ;,was : In , a high I fever
next day; and although there was no real
danger he ¦ was exceedingly ill for some
while, and when - at - last the young mis
tress was "admitted by the doctor to pay
a visit -to; her uninvited guest she was
shocked I by the sunken ' whiteness : of his
face, and -the sharpened lines of each
feature. - .. - - ,
, ; "I have .wanted ; so much to thank you
for "all your goodness," he said faintly,
his" eyes fixed in .turn upon' the face.of
aunt : and \- niece as ' they approached. ;¦ "I
had made up my mind that I should never
be found. I think that cry of. mine was
ray Ia3t conscious effort. And to take ma
Into « your, house,; too ! "• It ) is J o verwhelm
lne.'Lz':<-'"~- "- r ¦.'¦¦-.-¦i--:;.;' ¦¦¦¦-'¦'¦" ¦¦-¦"¦¦=•-¦ ¦¦¦ -•'--
• "Not, at all— It Is "our right and privil
ege,", spoke Daphne/ in her full rich tones.
VI, have alU the 1 manorial 1 rights over the
here on a visit." .
His fact did not light up as she had
expected; perhaps that was due to his
weakness. He lay quiet a moment and
then said: ' .;."., ! >v
"You are very good; but if you do not
mind J think it would be better not— not
Just yet." . .
"You think she would be shocked? But
Indeed I feel as though she would so much
rather.be near to you at , such a time." ;
"I scarcely think so," he' answered very
quietly. "Sybil is not fond of sickness and
nursing, and she is so full of engagements
in the season. Then it would frighten and
worry her to know I was 111. - 1 believe
the kindest thing would be to say nothing
at all. She did not expect many letters;
she Is not fond of writing them, and she
tells me my handwriting is quite Impossi
ble. I will. send a few lines when I can
bold a pen; but I think I shall not say a
word about my accident. I would not
spoil her pleasure for the world, and she
does enjoy her London season very
much." .1 .
"He Is a very unselfish man," said
Daphne later on to her aunt. "I hope Sybil
appreciates him.' Perhaps with her vola
tile nature a man of! that caliber would
exercise a greater hold . and fascination
over her than any one more like herself.
I hope it may -be so." ;,
-; Sir Oliver had a fine constitution, and In
spite cf~ the, serious nature of the Injury
sustained,' and the I subsequent attack of
fever,; he regained his strength; quickly
and was able after a short time to be
lifted carefully upon a wheeled couch
and taken through the open ; windows to
a fine • s paved terrace, .where , peacocks
flaunted their Jeweled tails and' quaintly
cut yew trees threw patches ; of shadow
and the ' scents and sounds ' of the gar
den floated up to him as he lay, and the
summer, seemed charged with messages of
hope and promises of happiness.
-.-Daphne came and went like the fairy
princess of the place. She was the queen
of this wide domain and at once Sir Oliver
fell beneath the sway of her scepter. She
quickly discovered his tastes: every day
she had some fresh treasure from orchard
or. greenhouse, from Alpine garden or bog
garden to ' bring • him ; the wonderful lib
rary was i at ¦ his disposal, with 1 Its , treas
ures of ancient. tomes; on plants and ani
mal ? life,' as jWell as { many ' of .the ; most
modern' works on the ' subject." i There was
a' collection of f ossils," too, which Daphne
¦ v :.:. ¦¦':".¦ '" >. .:¦' : .-Sw^V
sorts of specimens to ask his opinion
, upon, for . she was an Immense observer
and lover of ' nattfre though she had no
great stores of learning to draw upon.
His mind was like a mine of information
to her, though he -sometimes pulled him
self . ud short in the midst of some in
tricate demonstration, to make sure he
was not wearying her.
"I am afraid I shall grow Into a fearful
old bore," he would say laughingly, "but
If people take a man on his weak side how
is he to defend himself?"
And once, with a humorous twinkle in
his eye, he told her: "My dear old father
was as keen as I am over these mines. I
suppose I have inherited the taste with
his collections. A young fellow came to
L.m once, wanting a little superficial in
formation—Just for some short, ephemeral
article he was 'writing— and my father,
.who sever understood skimming of super
ficial matter, gave him a dissertation last
ing hours and kept him examining speci
mens and taking notes for a whole long
evening. I i heard from a mutual friend
that he said afterward: 'Old Mowbray
may know his subject, but he is a caution
of a fellow to tackle. You ask him for an
inch, and he gives you a— hell!' "
: "What . a very naughty ! young man I"
said Daphne, laughing.
"Yes, but there's a grain of truth in it,
you know," was Sir Oliver's , smiling re
ply. "I often catch myself up, remember
ing that trenchant saying: 'When one
mounts one's hobby horse it has a knack
of; bolting with one before one Is
aware.' ".'•.-.
,' "I think I like a bolting horse," an
swered Daphne. "I know that I do like
enthusiasm. . Life would be nothing with
out it!" '¦"¦"'
His interest In her life and its varied
occupations was as . keen as hers in his
hobby. As the mistress of a large prop
erty, and a not very large Income, Daphne
had many perplexities to face and dlfil
cultles to overcome. She was anxious to
be both Just and liberal; to be kindly,
wise and prudent; and it was not always
.easy to know how to comnine all these
•qualities. She found that Sir Oliver had
been very similar • experiences
and could give her excellent advice. She
came to have a. great faith in his opin
ion, and every day she found herself con
fiding In 'him more arid more,* and some
times caught herself wondering what she
should do when he left, 'though, to be
"James, did you hear a call just then?"
"Please, ma'am, I don't think It were
anything." answered the boy In evlden*
trepidation. "It might have been an owl;
and they do say as folks hears and sees
queer things in the ruins at night, and I
think we'd better be getting on. It's rath
er late.""
Daphne smiled and pulled up the ponies
"Jump down, James, to their heads. I
am going to see; but I won't be long gone.
Perhaps it was only an owL"
The boy, thankful not to be sent him
self into the haunted old ruin, obeyed
with,alacrity, while Daphne sprang out of
Daphne Rutherford was driving home
ward along this rather unfrequented road
because she had been paying a visit to a
eick woman who lived right in the heart
of the wood. The track, which was soft
and sandy and could not be quickly
traversed, led past the beautiful old ruins
of the ancient priory, and Daphne, who
knew and loved every stock and stone of
the ancient pile, turned her face smilingly
toward it and wondered whether she had
time Just to run across and prowl about
there for ten minutes.
Suddenly something like a muffled cry
seemed to break the stillness of the wood.
It was faint and uncertain, but It sounded
like a human voice, and Daphne turned
her head quickly toward the little groom
boy who was perched up In the small seat
behind.
"After all, I am getting to be a regular
old fogy myself. Well, well, I will go
away for this fortnight and make my col
lection of specimens. Perhaps Sybil will
find that she misses me a littls after all
and will have a welcome for me when I
get back. But I will not trouble her with
letters, since she seemed not to care about
hearing from me. I ehall take my young
madam at her word for once. I don't
want to be hard upon this child, but there
is such a thing as making things too easy.
Perhaps when I come back again she will
be In a better frame of mind."
Sir Oliver was not a very young man-
Indeed, he was approaching forty— an'"
though still very handsome and finely s«.i
up he did not look any younger Than his
years, for his hair had turned very gray,
though eyebrows and mustache were as
dark as ever, and his face was rather
deeply tanned with tropic suns and ex
posure to weather in many extremes of
climate. As he looked at his face through
his mirror that night he heaved a little
•1th. - ¦¦^,-.
Sir Oliver was very patient, but "he left
the house at last with a grave face and a
tense of disappointment- Sybil had beer
distinctly cross and unreasonable and
had spoken words which Jarred upon his
finer sensibilities and did much to brush
the bloom off his lover-like tenderness of
mood. For the first time, in spite of sun
dry previous misgivings, he began seri
ously to ask himself whether this engage
ment had not been a mistake. It was a
rather terrible doubt, for. as a man of
honor and of very chivalrous sentiments,
he would never break the chain himself:
and he knew very well that a baronet,
even of only moderate means, was a big
ger fish than was likely to come In Sybil's
way again, and that her family would
never let her entertain any real misgiv
ings even If such suggested themselves to
her.
"That was before you were engaged,'
pouted Svbil. "Of course, I thought yot
¦would change your tastes and habits
after that."
"Well, well, well," answered Sir Olivet
indulgently, "perhaps it is unreasonable
to expect people always to maintain tn«
game standpoint: but 1 did think that yot
•were interested in my collections and thai
you would understand why I sometime.'
•wanted to Ret awav from town, an<
amuse myself in my old fogy fashion. 1
am sure I told you that I never stayed in
London many i»eeks together. Co mo
now!"
"That is such a disagreeable way you
have of always quoting things I have
said. As though one were always in tht
same mood all one's life. You might ai
well go about offering peppermint bain
and toffee to old fogies because the.v
might have said they liked them when
they were boys I"
Sybil shrugged up her shoulders and
pouted, looking like a preUy spoilt child
the while; but her lover. Quietly regard
ing her. began to feel that he would llk«
to see more womanliness and less child
lshncss in the girl he had wooed for his
wife.
"But, Sybil, I always told you I was not
a society man; and you answered that
you hated society men, and loved me the
better for It."
"Oh, that was all very well In "Wales,
•where there was nothing else to do; but
In London It's different:. I like to go
everywhere, and you ought to show up
and meet me; but you are always bur
rowing in Bluffy museums, or gettini;
among a lot of dull old fogies. I call it
too bad!"
"You used to tell me that you hated id!o
men, and that it was so delightful to find
one who had Interests and hobbies. Don't
you remember how vou would come
Ecrambling about the rocks and ravines
with me. hunting for specimens and tak
ing care of them for me while I went af
ter others? I always told you how I
loved my hobbles, and you were going to
love them too."
]7 HATE a man with a hobby," quoth
pretty Sybil petulantly. "I believe you
Jj care for your old stones and plants a
great deal more than you do for me.'-
Sir Oliver smiled paiicntly and Indiil
gently, trying hard to etifle ths half
formed thought that perhaps there wa«
some grain of truth in this accusation.
She had seemed such a. delightful, dainty,
charming child when he met her first, and
he had fancied her not happy In her sur
roundings, while she had seemed to be so
bright and «.»ntent with him. Everything
had been cou!eur da rose in those delight
ful spring days in Wales; but somehow,
now that they were In London, and
his visits were more formal in character
and less frequent and Ireo. a shadow
eeemed to have drifted uetween them. H«
could not say exactly what it was, nor
even that she had changed toward him,
but the charm which iiad aurrounded nor
at the first seemed b!t by bit to be slip
ping away; and sometimes instead ol
finding her little petulant and willful
moods attractive and fascinating they
rather irked him and displeased him; and
then he blamed himself.
<Copj-right In the United States of Atner
lea by D. T. Pierce.)
dying. Beside him lay a green metal cyl
inder, such as naturalists carry with them
for their specimens r and in a second she
had pounced upon it and emptied it. Then,
hurrying to the old priory well, which was
always full of clear, sweet water, she
hastily washed out all the earth and sand
and filling it with water hastened back.
After dashing tome over his face she lift
ed his head upon her arm and tried to
pour some between his parched and pallid
lips. A few minutes later she was reward
ed by seeing his eyes open and fix them
selves dizzily upon her.
"Is that you, Sybil?" he asked, speaking
very faintly. . <
* """ p.
"\ovl creatures, you creatures; what a
thing it Is to live with people each hav
ing a separate and pet hobby!"'
"But Sir Oliver would come forward, put
an arm about her, and kiss her, sayin=*
softly: - 3
"Tea. la It not dreadful, dearest; but I
can never regret being , a man with a
hobby; for it was my hobby that woa
me ray wife!" /'.¦ .
In after years there came days some
times when Daphne — young Lady . Mow
bray—would look with a kind of comical
des~~'r round her hall, littered up with
the spoil of a morning's . ramble, and
would shake a finger at her husband and
stalwart little sons, declaring with a sigh
of much despair.
There was deep silence between them
for a moment, and then Daphne stretched
out her hand and placed it between both
of bis.
I am free. I am free to sek the love
of the one woman whom I love. Daphne.
I do not ask anything of you yet; but I
cannot remain longer here without tell
ing you that I love you— I love you!"
"I was then' in a great strait, but help
came as It so often does, thank God. •
when the burden seems too much to bear.
News came of Sybil's approaching mar
riage. It was like tho breaking of the
captive's chain. Now she Is married, and
Daphne's face was downbent, tho blood
was rushing into it in great pulsating
waves; her heart beat almost to suffoca
tion; she neither spoke nor moved.
Daphne subsided into her accustomed
Beat beneath the great lime tre« where his
couch was generally placed at this hour.
She felt herself quivering through and
through.
"May I tell you a little about it?" h«
asked very gently. "I should like you to
know how it happened. I mit her in a
big hotel. I was staying there to botanize*
and she liked to come and watch me.
She was an excellent climber, and I
thought she was Interested in my pur
suits. She seemed to be almost a little
girl at first; but afterward I found she
was older than she looked. She told ma
a great deal about herself. I saw she was
not happy. I thought she was misunder
stood and was leading a cramped and
uncongenial . society life, doomed Just to
make a grand marriage to satisfy the
ambition of her | mother. I don't fhtTitt;
she meant to deceive me; but she is a
creature of moods, and the mood changes.
X thought It would be a sweet thing to
make her happy; and there was only ono
way of doing It. She accepted me at once,
and I am sure • she liked me. No doubt
we both mistook, liking for love. But
when we reached London things chanced,
and like a chameleon, she changed with,
her surroundings. I do not blame her.
I was not very happy; but I never
dreamed that I might be doing her any
wrong in going through with It. . That
fear only came upon me later, when I
began to realize not only that I did not
love Sybil with that love which a man
should give to hi3 wife, but my heart
had gone— I knew not how— out of my
own keeping; and that I loved— some ona
else.".
Daphne suddenly dropped the paper and
faced him; she was pale and her voice
shook a little In spite of all her efforts.
"Are you acting a part, or can you
really feel like that about It? Oh, do tell
me that it has not spoiled your life!"
He looked her full In the face as he
answered very gravely: •
! "I can say with truth that I am deeply
thankful that Syhll saw our mistake for
herself and cut the knot In her own way.
I had begun to find it out even before I
left her last. It is not for me to cast a
stone at her. We may both be thankful
that we learned the truth in time."
"And I have not given her a wedding
present yet," he added. "I must ask you
to help me In the choice. I see from the
papers that they spend a fortnight In the
Isle Of Wight at a friend's house before
going to America. And Sybil must for
give m© for being behind times. I won
der if she Is too rich now to care for the
things she used to love. I hope she will
not get blase too soon, with all the luxury
In which she will live."
"Com» and see Sybil in her wedding
finery I" he ttclalmed as he held up one
of the society papers which gave full
length portraits of various elegant brides.
"It is not very much like her, but no
doubt does full Justice to her very exten
sive toilette. I have no doubt the little
girl was immensely delighted. I hope and
trust her married life will be as happy."
He spoke without the faintest touch of
bitterness or self repression, much in such
a tone as a brother might speak of a fair
young sister. Daphne took the paper and
looked, but It shook in her hands. She
bent over it that he might not see her
face. , ;
"Perhaps, dear Daphne, those very
-words enow how little she has ever known
him. But nothing can excuse such. haste
and bad faith." ' H : i?.\
"And somebody' must tell him,- said
Daphne distressfully, "or he will see It
himself in the papers in the course of a.
few days." •"¦>""'.'"'•.¦'
The elder Miss Rutherford took that
task upon her own shoulders, and Daphne
kept out of the way of her guest for a
few days. She had a long promised visit
in the neighborhood to pay and she took
this opportunity of going, and was three
nights absent.
When she came back It was to find Sir
Oliver promoted to Join their party at
xr.eals, and though he could not yet put
his foot to the ground, he was suffering
very little with it and was able to enjoy be
ing wheeled about the grounds in a donkey
chair. Daphne'a first thought on seeing
him was that he looked much younger
than she had thought him at first. There.
was a brightness in his eye and a. buoy
ancy about his whole aspect that struck
her with surprise and pleasure. He met
her with all the frank pleasure of an old
friend, and beneath there was something
in his manner which she felt to be new
to it, and which sent quick thrills through
all her pulses, yet she^knew not why.
Sybil's marriage was duly announced
two days later, and there was a packet of
papers for Sir Oliver the next morning,
and when she Joined him in the garden
later on, she found him surrounded -by
them all, reading them, with a. smile of
amused interest.
Daphne, however, never lost sight of her
Intention to invite Sybil, though she post
poned doing so more than once on ac
"count of the tediousness of the Injured
ankle to recover. Sir Oliver had much
to suffer from his crushed foot, and was
sometimes prostrated for several days
with pain and exhaustion: and Daphne
had an instinct that it would be no kind
ness to the lovers to bring them together
till the outlook was brighter in .this re
spect.
But a dar came at last, when the Im
provement, fairly begun, had been main
tained so steadily that she was no longer
afraid of a retaose. and sent off her let
ter written with loving care and pains,
and the answer was eagerly waited for.
Sir Oliver was told nothing, that it might
come upon him as a surprise.
Daphne opened the reply rather eagerly
when it arrived and ran her eyes quickly .
down the page. As she did so her face
changed and she grew very pale, uttering
an exclamation of dismay.
"Oh. auntie, what do you think? That
dreadful little flirt is going to be married
next week to an American with an im
mense fortune: and she has never taken
the trouble to break It off with Sir Oliver,
because she says she did not know his
address. She coolly suggests that I shall
tell him the news, and this is the way she
ends up: 'If you could find him a new
foesil or specimen, that will Quite con
sole him. He does not really care for any
thing or anybody but his stupid hobbles.
Would you believe that anybody really
knowing Sir , Oliver would writ* such
words?"
Bure, she could write to him. for they
were now real established friends, and
such they would remain. ¦ *;\
brought him one by one, and often ho
spent a perfectly happy morning examin
ing one stone or one plant and reading all
he could from the accompanying books.
- "A man with a hobby is a perfect treas
ure!" Daphne exclaimed laughingly to
her aunt one day. , "Did you ever know
any one more absolutely easy to enter-
tain, more perfectly content under trying
circumstances? I have never heard so
much a3 a sigh or a grumble, though Mr.
Margerison says he must suffer a great
deal of pain from that abscess In the
joint. He Is only afraid of trespassing on
cur hospitality, and now he really knows
that we like to have him, he has not an
other, trouble in the -world."
"He Is a very cultivated man, and I like
him very much," said the elder Miss
Rutherford 'gently. "I do not know
whether he is right in keeping Sybil in
Ignorance of his condition, but I suppose
lovers must settle their own affairs with
out .interference. I am sure ha Only
wants to spare her pain."
"Yes, and I begin to think I understand
what he means about Sybil. She is a
sweet little butterfly; but she Is a butter
fly, and she likes it always to be sun
shine about her. Still, when Sir Oliver la
a little better, I am not sure that I shall
not plan a surprise, and ask her down to
'meet him. I believe he' would really be
delighted, though he is so afraid of spoil
ing her London season."
The ladies of the Manor became very In
timate with their guest as the summer
days flew by. Daphne brought him all
ready In the west wing, and on the ground
floor,' to save' the transit of the stairs,
and thither the stranger was transported
still in an unconscious condition.
A little before the dinner "hour Daphne
Joined her aunt in the drawing-room, her
head bent over a sn:aH morsel of paste
board which she waa examining with in
terest. ' .'.'/./ • ; - ../ ...
"O, auntie,- 1? not this interesting? That
p ior man is Sir Oliver -Mowbray ; and it
must be the same as the one engaged to
t.hat llttlt Sybil Plunkett whom we met at
Mice. Yoi> know, shj' wrote- to tell me of
her engrge^ int. I think it was in May,
l.V.'V.caE-ig't tctw? Sir Oliver Mowbraya;
¦wood ..¦where the Priory stands, and all
treasure trove and flotsam and jetsam I
claim as my lawful due. Besides I have
another right t© befriend yoUi Sir Oliver,
for oddly enough I am a friend of your
affianced wife, Sybil Plunkett." ,
Ke looked at her wide-eyed and i as
tonished. .
"You know Sybil? Have you told her
about me then?"
"No,' I have been waiting to ask her
address; for I have not heard from her
very lately, and she said they" would be
moving about, and probably going to Lon
don. I am thinking of writing and telling
her all about it. ».nd asking her flown
THE SUNDAY CALI^
Inff.'t
6
SIR OLIVER'S HOBBY"THE "ALLEN'S CAREER TOLD IN BRIEF.
So Says Captain Chapman, Commanding the
Tenderloin Police Precinct of New Yorlz.
THE title "wickedest man in America," has been applied to
"The" Allen for a quarter of a century. Sis defiant and out
spoken attitude against, the. police originally won him the so
briquet. For fifty years at every step in his career hs-has fought
- the police bitterly and thus centered attention on himself.
He has been arrested some asventy times, but I understand
has never been convicted. I have raided the alleged poolroom at
80. Sixth avenue, .which, it is said he operates, tea or twelve times
¦ — oftener, X suppose, than any- police captain In JTtsvr York — but on
each occasion the charge against him has not held.
I have had men stationed in the West End dub house for
' weeks at a time to secure evidence, but so cleverly -was business
conducted that conviction was i mpossible. So far as the law is
concerned no man has yet been able, to say that "The" Allen ever
operated a poolroom. Ha has taken the advice of clever attorneys,
- ; has followed it absolutely and has won all his legal battles. In the
West End Club, referred to always" as "The" Allen's poolroom,
.only actual members are permitted, and this is another safeguard
against prosecution. Legal technicalities have always saved him.
"The" Allen is a remarkable man. He is absolutely fearless.
1 If he knew that a squad of police, were about to descend on him,
and if lie could easily avoid them,' he would stand his ground and
: make a fight. In a mix-up he's a whirlwind. He weighs about
130 pounds, but tVe common remark in his precinct is that 4 *The"
Allen is worth ten men. n . * '
3. VSRY RSMARKA3US MAN-
about It But don't Quota m*. Quote
him.";'--"' ' ;¦.:•¦ ¦ ":; "; • li ;, ' ¦.'•;';'
(I j may as well say here .that later in
the af ternoonV I visited Wlnterbottom's
place and three other undertaking estab
lishments in the neighborhood ' and ob
tained conclusive evidence ¦ that "The"
Allen had paid in those establishments for
860 funerals of the poor.)
"Yes, sir, been . arrested sixty-eight
times. ¦ Conviction on one charge—mur
der— would - have meant death. But I
wasn't even tried. • :
" "About fifty of the arrests were for
alleged pool-selling. If convicted on each
of the charges the maximum '..'¦, sentences
combined would have been in years 109,
in fines $100,000. ., . -~
< "My. war record? I went into the first
battle- of j the Civil War and remained in
the service till the - last one was fought
Six months \ after ., enlisting I was as
signed to the Secret Service. . I assumed
the role of a 1 fugitive ; from the Confed-;
erate States, went to Montreal, had, a re
ward'of 550,000 placed on my head and, to
get information"' f or ... my government,
joined the raiders in their attack oh St. .
Albans, Vt. I was captured there by the
United States forces and sentenced r to ' be
executed the next day. v; A telegram from
Secretary of War', Stanton to General
: Schofleld, in command ;.* at '.,. St. - Albans,
saved me. '/That, I suppose, .was the nar
.rowest escape from death I "ever had. : It
was : Henry • Ward Beecher, ' who, by tel&i
gram,: informed'^ Stanton : my plight.
Beecher wag ' billed to ¦ lecture In St Al
bans the day) of my arrest.
"It's a lie to say I'm a gambler. I'm a
- •-¦ ¦ . " '¦'. ¦¦'¦ ¦¦":•."-¦''¦ •', ' i - • "I ,. ¦• •
fight Then you must win ana youcanV
, lose.' ' •
TT<* Advice to Young Hen as to Mar
,• rlaga.
"No man should marry till he's 25, on
the principle that—
: Small boats must keep near ahor*.
Large ones can venture 'more.
"What do you know about the drink
"evil?"- . : -- ;' .-:•¦;]-;< .¦ ¦ ¦¦-.-: . : --• ¦¦¦ ¦
; "Rum!"- he shouted. . "Rum! . Misery/
poverty, toll, strife, damnation! Down
here in Rocky Hollow in fifty years" Tve
seen six out of every ten boys go wrong
through rum. Rum ! It's crape on the
door— a leap from the. docks— a grave in
potter's : field— homes ruined— hearts brok
en—souls lost. ; That's rum.
"It's brought sorrow, to Rocky Hollow.
I KNOW; I'm a member the 'Lower
Five,' and I'll stick here till I die. I don't
belong on . Easy street, with j a mint | on
one end and a college at the other. That's
for the 'Upper Ten,' not; for me. -
T "Listen: ,On m the : first of. v December,
twenty-one , years ago, on my way . home, j
at 4 o'clock In the morning, I ; heard a
faint cry in a doorway. It was near Canal
and Thompson streets. ; I thought j. It was i
a kitten. : I looked and found a basket, al
most covered with snow. It was a baby,
instead, and I took ; him ' home. I - raised
him. I adopted him. ,- ¦ . .
: ;rro-day he's the cashier of one of the
largest banks in New York. So, you see,
I'm needed : in ; Rocky ' Hollow. ' I' vei been
: in a theater twice" in, twenty-five years..
No ¦ need ; .to / go. ; j Enough tragedy- . and
pathos here.":
."Adopt any other chllren?"
poems of Byron and Tennyson wer* «n
a table. .
"Read them much?" I asked.'
"Not much; but when I hear poetry
things In my life that have long passed
come before me. I got the alphabet book
that I bought little Minnie when she was
talk to a man on the streets who puts a
question to you."
"God Moves In a •Mysterious Way."
"Speaking of the River Jordan, what's
your favorite chapier in the Bible?"
"Haven't, many' favorites, but there's
one verse that's stood by me all through
life. To-day at a funeral in the Bed
ford Street Methodist Church I thought
of it all the time. " When Tweed and tho
police and crooks , encompassed ¦ me, j
when there wasn't a star, in the- sky,
when I was ready to give up, that verse
gave me hope.
"Do you want to know what it is?
'God moves in a mysterious , way, h's
wonders , to perform.' That's it, and It's
never failed me 'yet.- r ¦ -
"Want to know 0 how God works? Go
up to the garrets or down to the base
ments of any * of the tenements oyf r
there" — he pointed in • the ' direction— "go
.late. at night and often you'll see a dim.
little light and a sick mother or a sick
baby, and kneeling at the bed a Salvation
Army girl. . . , V
•"God moves in a mysterious way*— his
mercy finds the needy. Thai's my re
ligion. . -
"Charity covers a multitude of sins.
Don't put this down as corning from me.
but find it out for yourself. There's n at
many - garrets or basements around j here
that I haven't been in. Ask j them all,
the people from Dr. Judson's'church, the
Catholic church, or ; the colored ,' church,
or the • Salvation Army." ?,'..- '.'.¦
"Are you- a church member?"
"No, but Mrs. Allen is.' She's the presi
dent of four societies In her church. You
tnlld! A bullet from a toy pistol, acci
dentally discharged, struck him in the
heart and he died instantly. They brought
me to court. -Say, in ail the hundreds -of
people In and around the courtroom— out
of all the thousands Td helped— I didn't
see a friend.
"The next day It was the same, but at
the noon hour. Just as the court ad
journed, some one touched me on the
shoulder. I looked around, ' and"— Allen's
voice broke here and he shook convul
sively; he turned to the window and cried
'TOomi itr I asked. ./
"My little daughter, Minnie, 9 years
old," he eald, "and a servant girl "who had
been in my family for eighteen years.
Minnie didn't forget' ine. . She's dead
now"— a fresh outburst— "but her little
daughter I have adopted as my child.
"But from that moment on It was The*.
A-en against the world.
"Put It down strong. I have no *puir—
never had a 'pull'— and on this side of the
Jordan I'll never stand and deliver." -
Born December 1, 1833, at No. 725 Washington street.
Married and lives in West Eighth street.
• Has three adopted children and one granddaughter. ,:
Arrested sixty-eight times. Never convicted.
If convicted for each offense maximum penalty sen
tences would have approximated 100 years and $100,000
Has paid for at least 360 funerals.
Weighs 135 pounds. Is 5 feet 6 inches in height.
Alleged poolroom is at No. 80 Sixth avenue, New York.
The Longest Steps
on Earth.
height of the holy mountain
(Taischan, In China Is about 6000
II feet above Talnpanfu, 1 and the dls
tance is something over sixteen
miles. The road is probably the best in
fill China. About a. mil© north of the
city walls a large pate stands amid th»
ruins of once j flourishing suburbs, and
after passing this gate I found myself
In an avenue several miles In length, and
lined with temples, convents and holy
shrines, where pilgrims stop and pray If
they succeed in shaking off the thousands
of "besgars who occupy this only road
leading to the summit. They are not or
dinarily modest beggars, but' the real
lords cf the Taischan, who levy a sort ot
entrance fee. which every traveler Is com
pelled to pay. They are not content with
crouching modestly by the roadside, for
that would enable pilgrims to make their
escape. In order to prevent this each
beggar builds a sort of wall of loosa
stones about three feet high across the
avenue, with an opening of only a yard
In the center, and in this opening he sits
or kneels, knocking his head on the
ground, and shouts, screams and howls
at the approaching pilgrim. _
They make room for nobody. Each
traveler has to step over them, and na
turally enough a few cash coins are
thrown to them In order to avoid betnj?
touched or pulled by the clothes with
their sore and filthy hands. They are most
numerous ln'the lower portion of the road,
but they assail the pilgrims also a few
thousand feet higher up on the moun
tain. The real ascent begins at a stone
portal at which, according to its Inscrip
tion, the great Confucius himself halted
and turned back 2600 years ago, not hav
ing had the strength to climb the 6000
stone steps leading to the top. Imagine
a staircase leading to the top of Mount
Washington. These Taischan Btalrs are
by far the highest in the wide world, for
takinsr the number of steps In one story
of an ordinary house to be twenty, the
number of Taischan steps equals 300
stories. Still. I had to climb up, for these
steps are in " places so narrow that I
dared not trust my bones to the care of
my two chair coolies; moreover, they
were exhausted by the fatigue and beat!
and apparently unable to carry even the
empty chair. Their tariff for carrying
one person up and down the Taischan,
a distance, of twice sixteen miles, is 600
cash or 80 cents— 15 cents for each coolie!
After six hours of tedious climbing I
passed through the gate of heaven and
Btood on the large plateau at the summit,
which Is covered with numerous temples
and stone monuments. The main tempi©
Is that of the holy mother, consisting of
a number of buildings surrounded by a
high wall. Magnificent bronze statues
and bronze monuments adorn the several
courta, in the last of which rise* the prin
cipal temple, with a huge statue of the
holy mother on an altar. The doors of.
this temple are opened only once every
year for an Imperial commissioner, who
comes to collect the money offerings of
the pilgrims. But thanks to & substan
tial bakshish, or, as it is called In China,
"kumshah," a priest pushed a loose bar
of the main gate aside, enough to let me
have a glimpse of the Interior. The floors
of this large temple were filled with a
heap of coins three feet high — coins oC
every description, size and value, ancient
and modern, mostly brass cash, but many
millions of them, representing probably
110,000 United States currency. The money
is divided among the convents and beg
gars of the holy mountain, but the lion's
'ihare goes into the pockets of that enter
prising lady, the Dowager Empress.
Still higher up stands a temple dedi
cated to the "sleeping holy mother," and
entering I found an elegantly furnished;
bedroom, with a full lifesize doll lylnjr
under silk coverings on the bed. Th» ac
companying- priest whispered to me not
to speak too loud, lest I should disturb
the young lady's slumber.— Century Mag
azine, . -
THIS is what happened when I ca'.!~«l
last week at the West End C!ub, SO
Sixth avenue, the place where in
forty battles the police have bpen
defeated forty times— "The"' Allen's
poolroom, they call it. A lookout guarded
the door.
Could I see Mr. Allen?
Perhaps. What was my name? My
business? .
I told him.
"TVait here"— emphasis decidedly on the
"here."
The guard disappeared around the cor
ner.
"Want to see me?" paid a voice at my
back. It surprised me.
As I turned a pair of eyes looked
straight through me.
"The" Allen's Description of "The"
Allen.
"Tea, Mr. Allen. I wouM like" —
"I'm "The* Allen— American— age <J7—
weight 133— height 5 feet 6 Inches— never
harmed any one in my life — never will as
lonp as I live — arrested sixty-elpht times —
never convicted cf an oftense — don't know
the taste of liqucr — never gambled in my
life — never b«?t on a norseraee — hounded by
the police for fifty vears— hounded day
and night— why? Because 'The' AlVn
won't stand and deliver— no stand and de
liver for 'The' Allen. He's an American—
don't have to"—
"But. Mr. Allen. I"—
"The parvrs have vilified me for nearly
half a century. Thev don't know me.
(hat's why. Why don't they find out?
Hello, John"— this to an old man, ragged,
pick looking, who epproached him. "Bnea
In the hospital, eh? Wondered where yev
were."
The old man whispered something,
whereupon, with a deprecatory shake of
the head, a live-dollar bill was handed to
him.
"That was a pretty Incident." I said. "I
suppose you" —
"Nothing— goes on all day— 10 morning
to 10 night — find out If you stay long
'nough. I'm needed here in Rocky Hol
low. Needed all hours of day and night.
Ask 'em — go through the tenements, tcp
to bottom— ask who's their friend. They'll
tell. Well, child?" A little girl of 10 or 12,
weary vrlth an Infant in her arms, was
Handing- there.
"The" Allen as a Neighbor to the
"Mamma's worse." she said.
"Go over -rrlth her. Tim," "The" Allen
eaid, turning to a man who stood near by.
"Here, little one." And once more the
roll of bills was drawn on.
She was looking her thanks at htm
when a young mother approached. The
Infant in her arms was 111. Ko doubt of
that.
"Here's the dispossess warrant," she
eald. "It's for Monday."
"I'll fix It," said "The" Allen. "Did the
groceries come?"
"Yes."
Ehe gave me her name— Mrs. Kate Far
rlrgton of 538 Greenwich street.
We stood on the sidewalk during th<
ten or twelve minutes that these incident*
occurred. Now we mounted the steps of
the clubhouse. At the door Allen stopped
xne.
"You're on the threshold of number 80,"
he Bald. "It is the only threshold In the
United States guarded by what I call a
perpetual Injunction against the police. In
1S97 Justice Smyth said to my counsel, Mr.
Btelnhardt, from the bench, 'If the police
attempt to enter the premises of your
client* — be meant me — 'without a warrant
air. Allen will be Justified In killing them.'
That holds good to-day. Come up."
A Han Full of Intense Energy.
To this moment It had been impossible
to make a statement to the man. He was
quivering with nervous energy. You have
Been Booth, McCuIlough, Bernhardt,
Mansfield, tense with suppressed power.
Eo was this man keyed up to the break-
Ins point.
A narrow hall led to a flve-by-elght
rocm. The door shut and clicked.
"I want to ask you some questions," I
faM. "Can you talk to me here for a
couple of hours? I want to get your own
story In your own words."
"I'll answer every question you ask. I'm
"Four: three of them I found In bas
kets the game way. Say, don't quote me;
ask outsiders about it."
"Is "your father alive?"
"My father died in 1873. He was a Meth
odist minister. The day before he died
he sent for me. I was keeping the St.
Bernard Hotel then, at Prince and Mer
cer streets, and he: says:
" Theodore, I feel I haven't much longer
to stay. You're not the oldest, but I
can confide in you. Take care of your
brothers. They've cost us all sorrow and
suffering, bu.t don't forget that they're
your brothers and my children.'
"The next-day he died. It coat me hun
dreds of thousand^ of dollars to keep that
promise, but. I stood for them against the
world.". . ¦ .
A volume of Shakespeare and the
the equal of every man that lives— equal,
not superior— that's the American plan.
'Truth is mighty and will prevail.' I tell
the truth— fight square— look every man
in the eye. and I'm not afraid."
The intensity of the man was the most
noticeable thing about him. A email man,
with eyes that looked everywhere at once
and through everything at the same time.
His pkln was sallow and wrinkled around
the nose: grray hair, thin lips, splendidly
scornful: a sharp face but a kindly one—
euch'a man as in a battle you'd find o'n
the. flrlnp- line./ ¦ .
•"Why are you called the wick—"
"Will you listen? Twenty-three years
airo they charged me with murdering Ed
Maloy. Ed Maloy was my partner^ my
chum, for twenty years.- Kill Ed Maloy?
No more than I'd kill my little grvnd-
He kept his right hand in his overcoat
pq'cket all the time.
"Are you always armed?" I asked.' .
"Never had a pistol In my pocket but
once in my life. That killed Ed Maloy.
Don't need to be armed. No enemies. '
"But I'm alwaj-3 alone. I'm afraid to
walk on the street with people.. Afraid
of dropping remarks that might be used
to Injure me. Always be\careful how you
can quote me on this. The poor of this
d^trict know her and they know my
grandchildren.".
"Do you attend/ many funerals?"
"About four a week. And, say, don't
saythis as coming from -me. You go to
Wlnterbottom, the undertaker at Spring
and Macdougal streets, and if he can't
show you the receipts for over 200 funer
als I've paid for. then say • nothing at all
sporting man. A gambler Is a thief whn
robs by device and fraud. A sportinij
man Is a man of the world — a gentleman.
Ever hear of a sporting man giving an
other, his I. O. U.?' He wouldn't know
how to do it.'V ,
"What advice would you i give to a
young man beginning a career?"
.'Td r lock- him -in ¦ a room and say t;i
him: 5 "-'Boy; be honest, tell the truth and
/ T y HE wickedest man in
- J- America, according to
the police: Arrested sixty
eight times — the charges
against him. ranging from
murder to petty larceny.
Never convicted.
Who? *
"THE" ALLEN.
What manner of man is
he — this "most notorious
man in the Western Hemis
phere?"
How would he talk and
act if some eminently respect
able citizen, a clergyman, for
instance, had an opportuni
ty to interview him?
What arc his theories of
life — if he has any; his phi
losophy, habits, history —
hoiv docs he enjoy being the
"most notorious" of men ?
THE WICKEDEST MAN IN AMERICA
r baby. That's thirty-five years aga. I
know every line of it by heart" — and in
measured cadences the gray-haired 'man
repeated the childish verses down to M.
He hesitated for a moment.
"The" Allen as a Poet.
"I made up a verse for *3X-* " br-^id.
"myself." Then he went on:*
M Is for Minnie, my own little girl:
God bless her. is all I can say.
She's gone far away, but lores me TlLuuwt
.And In heaven I'll meet her some day.
"Here's another Httle poem. It's crude*
but it hits the point:
I do like a tnan that nobody -will stand u»
And tell to each man what he feels j
I can fight with a lion. He down with a Iambi ]
But I don't like a cur at my heels.
"I haven't had a sunshiny day In my
life- for fifty years," he said, "except at
home. I'm happiest when my little grand
children run up to greet me and say»
•We're glad to see you. grandpa.' Nine
tenths of the world I know Is a cheat and
a He. but I'm safe at home. I'm in a
desert all day, but when I'm home I'm in
an orchard with green trees and flowing
brooks."
He stopped a moment.
"An outlaw!" he exclaimed. "Come with
me." ¦ ¦
.We descended the stairs, turned the cor
ner and started to walk on Eighth street.
It was like a royal "progress."
A bevy of Httle tots, from 2 to 5 years
of age, caught sight of "Th^" Allen and
then and there impeded progress. "Grand
pa," they all cried at once, and not until
he said a word to each and patted them
an the head or Ehoulders would they re
iease their holds.
"Now." he asked, "do you think Tm tha
wickedest man In America?"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Poor.
7. He is unpretentious " and - unaasumin*
Last week he turned to me and said
"Upon my word I do. not understand why
all .this fuss Is being made over me."
"Well, Mr. Schwab.'M said, ."this Is the
first time In the history of the world that
there has. ever been a company of such
large capitalization; is it not?"
He is a man of great hospitality. He
has a beautiful home in Plttsburg and ob
serves there the same custom that he did
in Braddock; of keeping, open house. All
of his friends 'in the neighborhood have
latchkeys to his front door. If when he
returns In the earlv evening there are no
guests in his house he goes out and gath
ers them In, and, they adjourn to the bil
liard-room or J have an Informal musicala.
On such , occasions he apparently throws
all care aside."? He is as Jolly as a school
boy; but he told me that his subconscious
Eapar Thomson worKs, by saying "The
young 'engineer,* Schwab, is the only man
thoroughly j fitted -for the place." After
his fatal accident there were twenty-one
applicants tor;* Mr. Jones'; position. Mr.
Schwab did not apply, and was surprised
to receive a letter from, the officers of the
Carnegie works- appointing him superin
tendent, an almost overwhelming honor
fw a man so ycung.. ,t > " •¦ *.
During the -Homestead strike, after the
strikers had ' been out two months and
there was no prospect of ( an early settle
ment, he went to the Homestead works,
and on account of the great fondness of
the men for him, in three weeks, through
his .individual efforts. "the strike was* de
clared off. At that, time he directed both
the " Edgar Thomson works and the
Homestead works from Homestead. His
most remarkable feat was the construc
tion of the armor plate department..
..Every Saturday In the Carnegie build-
Ing, 'Pittsburgh where the main offices are
located, 'a.' banquet Is held, , which all the
heads of the departments attend. Noth
ing of a business nature Is discussed dur
ing the meal, but after cigars are light
ed, .every one has, a free voice to sug
gest improvements and to discuss the
business In general. A record is kept of
all suggestions, and If they are good they
are acted upon. Mr. Schwab i said this
proved to be a very good plan, as no man
would make Idle suggestions before a con
gregation of skilled mechanics and finan
ciers, while he,mig^t If he" were, talking
to but two or three. ¦ •/..'¦>
-" . Every man In the concern is encouraged
to make . valuable suggestions, < and j It ¦ is
on account of these and Inventions that
one '_ acquires , a standing. A, man .who
thus proved . himself . to be invaluable,un
der the old regime was given outright by
Mr. Carnegie : some stock, which was in
creased according to his further worth.' \
• It .was at one -of ; these j banquets that
Mr. Schwab .was requested to leave • the
room, and behind closed doors the j re
maining gentlemen elected him : vice
president of the company, which he de
clined, saying he preferred the position
of general superintendent of I the Home
stead works rather than that of the vice
presidency of the gr%at concern. ... •
During the armor, plate . discussion at
Washington : a number of prominent men
In the Carnegie works went to that city
to present an, argument in their defense
of tee accusations made against: the ar-'
mor ¦*.-. plate \ turned " out . at • . Pittsburgh
J. G.' A- ; Lelshman, then president, .later
Minister to Switzerland and now in Tur
key, waa the . gentleman ; assigned > to
make : the defense. -Mr. ; Lelshman, ' ' who
was stricken with stage fright, requested
Mr. Schwab to make the. argument, which
he did so ably. that on his i return to Pitts
burg Mr.' Leishman T was ; asked to 'resign,
and Mr. Schwab was made president," al
though he had -not * served \ as vice presi
dent. '•:' ; -¦' • \J *>'"¦.-. •'';:" '-..¦".-¦:. ' r ¦ •'.-¦. - ; •;
, During the past' four years he filled that
position so ably that he gained the entire
confidence" of . Mr. 'Carnegie,' so much . so
that that ' gentleman ' stipulated" that if he
solcl out -his interest in the works ' Mr.'
Schwab must be 1 made president. It ' was
"At; St. Francis College," replied iir.
Schwab.
, "Nowhere else?"
v :"No." \
- .V.Weil . he's a bright boy. You ought to
come down to the works and see what he
is dolr-p. He Is spending a great deal of
money.""" .. ¦¦' -_\' ¦¦ ¦ ; ".;¦'¦ * '¦ .' '
"Well," rejoined Mr. Schwab, "that ¦ is
easy to do if you have plenty to spend."
Mr. Carnegie -laughed. " "Tell your son
when you see him," he" said,- "that if he'll
stick to us we'll make a man of him."
Once" Mr. Carnegie was 'approached by
a conductor 'In a railroad train, who seated
himself beside him. 5 . " • ¦
."Mr'.j Carnegie," he said, "I see you have
a boy -from our mountain town in the'
Thomson works." . ."..-.' : ¦ ;
"You mean young Schwab?" asked Mr.
Carnegie. '.:¦ . .:."¦-. "^
"Yes," replied the conductor. "I knew
him when he drove a' stage."
"Well, that didn't, hurt him," said -Mr.
Carnegie, dryly.
•Many.: years back ./'Charlie" Schwab
drove the great iron" master in his hack
over the mountains. .- But that did not lead
to a friendship between Mr.- Carnegie and
the boy, as some biographers delight in
Baying. The memory of that chance meet
ing remained In the mind of the boy mere
ly, and did not lead to his entering the
Bteel works. .
As general superintendent of the Edgar
Thomson works young Schwab received
$35,000 ; a year. While under W. R,
Jones, that gentleman showed his appre
ciation of the young man's value by see
ing that he received on Christmas day an
additional sum, of $250 in gold from the
company, and each succeeding year this
little gift was Increased. ;
Once' W. H. Jones remarked to Mr.
SpJgelmlre, his, brother-in-law, that if he
had the knowledge of mathematics that
Charlie had he would not be filling a posi
tion worth but $35,000 a year. Prior : to
the effort to make armor plate a success,
Charles • M.' Schwab - began 'the study
of ; chemistry, and set apart : an . upper
room in his house for a laboratory, which
he fitted with the necessary appliances for
analysis of Iron, steel and ores. His wife,
who was Miss Emma Dinkey, his land
lord's 'daughter, whom he married when
he was 21 years old, encouraged him In his
work in the laboratory," and, unknown j to
him, often compounded certain elements
for him to solve. So it was that step by
step he learned chemistry, which he early
realized would. be ¦ necessary^ for his suc
cessful advancement.
When the Carnegie officials were wor
ried about f the ¦•¦ armor test, Mr. Schwab
told Henry: Phipps that . if he had a
laboratory properly fitted up he was sura
he could, be of great service." ¦ • ..
"How much would you need?" asked
Mr. • Phipps. ;¦-¦¦.*•".-¦
¦ "One •;¦: thousand dollars," said ' Mr.
Schwab, and Mr. Phipps gave him 'that
sura. ¦ - ¦ r '¦•'. ¦ . •• ¦ . : -.
Some years. before- Mr. Schwab's ad
vancement became a matter of course Mr.
Jones once* answered 'the query as to: who
* ould succeed ¦ him at the head 'of the
Is no place for you. - You can make better
useof your knowledge in our works." His
first job was driving i»cakes at $6 a week.-
This was an Increase of $3 50, over the sal
ary he received in the store. He proved
himself • so .valuable ' that , within six
months he ' became ; a bsistant engineer.
When the chief engineer was called awav
to attend to some work in the mines youn?
Schwab was promoted 'to his position.
Some other shops of the Carnegie Steel
Works were constructing : a steel bridge
for the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, the
charge of the construction for the rail
first bridge of the kind ever built in
America. Captain "Bob" Evans was In
road. It was an engineering feat. of some
magnitude, and the gentlemen of the Car
negie works who were in charge met with
difficulties which they were unable to sur
mount. - '-.--.; ':'•';. -
Then was a signal compliment * paid : to
the young engineer, although In different
works his skill was called into use, and he
successfully ; met ¦;¦ all obstructions. This
was one of the feats which brought Mr.
Schwab at an early 1 age into prominence,
and : another was the metal . mixture pro-,
cess. By ~ the metal mixture • process
molten Iron, Instead of cold pig iron,
is used In steel making. The
molten metal Is run into large mixing
reservoirs and quickly carried by , rail to
its destination.' Formerly It was run Into
Band beds and made into pigs, which* of
course required r em el ting before It could
be mixed. This was a great saving of
labor and of money, and | the- railway
which Mr. Schwab constructed ' for - the
quick carrying or the hot: metal from a
: difficult elevation to its proper destination
was a feat of engineering.
Just seven years after he entered the
Carnegie concern he was sent as chief en
gineer to rebuild the great Homestead
steel plant. , Previously he drew more at
tention, to himself by his construction, . as
an engineer, of eight of the nine mammoth
blast furnaces of the- Edgar Thomson
works, which were the largest In this
country. . , .
In 1887. he became superintendent of the
Homestead works. Five \ years . later, In
consequence of the tragic death of his
fast 'friend, W. R. Jones, he was made
general superintendent .of the •'. Edgar
Thomson works. 1 It was he who built the
great Bteel rail mill. He practically ' re-^
built the works, and Mr. Carnegie's 'ap
preciation of his services may best be told
by a little story. One day. he and three
of his partners drove from the Mountain
House, Cresson, where they were' stop
ping, to Loretto. "He pulled up his horses
In, front of the livery stable which John
A. Schwab kept. ,- : • : ,
• "Gentlemen,", he said, ."this Is our young
engineer's father. _'•.'¦ ..:.--.,
"How old is your. son, Mr." Schwab?", he
asked.
"Thirty years!" ';
"No older than that! Where was he edu
cated?"
fight, encouraged by a single barreled pis-
r^f MAZEMENT has been expressed In
f\ Europe at the gigantic proportions
f~H of the most recent of our commer-
I dal ventures, "the bllllon-dollar
Bteel combine." Foreign commen
tators have likewise been astonished at
the youth of the man selected to preside
over Its destinies. Charles M. Schwab Is
only 39 years old, yet he has been selected
as tfie head of the biggest commercial
concern In the world. Indeed, he had no
competitors for the place. As soon as the
first announcements of the combine were
made Mr. Schwab was expected to become
its executive officer. He draws the big
gest salary on earth, unless some of the
crowned heads fce excepted.
As a gentleman closely allied with these
great Interests recently said.. "Mr. Schwab
la the only one by genius and tempera
ment fitted for the office." Another man
prominent in the steel business said that
Mr. Schwab Is greatly admired abroad,
that the greatest Iron master on the Con
tinent told him that he knew no ten men
who, combined, had the knowledge of the
steel industry that Mr. Schwab possesses.
As president of the Carnegie Steel Com
pany, Limited, he had under him 60,000
men; as president of the United States
Steel Corporation be will be In control of
500,000 men.
Twenty-one years ago Charles M.
Schwab, a stalwart lad of 18 years, left
his adopted town. Loretto, Pa,— he was
bora "in Wllllamsburg, Pa., February IS,
ISO— to eeek fame and fortune in the more
prosperous town of Braddock. His father
was a weaver by trade and was engaged
for a time In the woolen manufacturing
business in Wllllamsburg, Pa. When
Charles M. Schwab -was 5 years old his
father sold out the woolen manufacturing
business and opened a hotel In Willlams
burg. Of course, the boy had been too
young to learn weaving, but he made the
factory h!s playground. At about this
time he showed great aptitude for music.
In which his brother Instructed him. and
when he "was so small that his feet could
barely touch the treadles he played the
organ In the little church.
John A. Schwab, his father, 'was not a
man of erudition, although he was excep
tionally clever at mathematics, for which
his son early showed a great taste. That
his children might receive a thorough ed
ucation he removed to Loretto, a little
town founded by a Russian Prince, Deme
trius Augustine Galitzin, ¦whose father
was PuEsian Embassador to France. He
came to this country with letters of in
troduction to John Adams, a frfend of his
father. But. meeting Bishop Carroll of
Baltimore, he decided to enter the priest- ,
hood rather than be heir to estates rfnd
honors conferred on his family by the
Czar.
He became a rccltise and practically an
exile. He was the first missionary to es
tablish a mission on the far frontier. In
17S9 he struck an Indian trail that led to
Loretto, and being of a poetical nature
was impressed by the beauty of the prim
eval forest on the summit of a ridge of
the Alleehenies. and there established a
little mission. Now. 100 years after, there
ere but 200 inhabitants there, who, almost
•without exception, are Catholics. The
town to-day has no Jail and but one tav
ern, which is so seldom patronized that
the landlord barely makes a living.
It was over this place that this Russian
Prince lorded In a priestly manner for
many years, receiving a competency from
his father's estates, but having severed
his connection with the orthodox Greek
church In the later years of his life by
eome unexplained manipulation this com»
petency was withheld, and he was com
pelled to ask aid from his devoted flock.
Forty-eight years after the founding of
Loretto a small band of monks, brothers
of the Regular Third Order of St. Francis,
erected with their own hands a monastery
a mile away from the village, which in a
few years afforded an education that
could not be excelled In the Eastern
States.
John A. Schwab In 1S72 moved from Wll
llamsburg. to Loretto and established a
livery business there, which was support
ed principally by traveling salesmen,
whom he met at Cresson station, five
miles distant, and drove to the outlying
towns and hamlets, then unconnected by
railroads. He had eighteen horses, which
assured him a comfortable living-. He had
the contract for carrying the malls from
Cresson station to Loretto, and nine miles
farther to St. Augustine. _
When he moved to Loretto the now head
of the bllllon-dollar combine was a chub
by faced boy of 10 years. It was his duty
to drive the stage for the mail twice a
day, and to carry students from the mon
astery to the station. The town was well
patronized during the summer months by
sojourners, and his father told me that
Charlie had such a winning way that he
could go to the summer resort, Mountain
House, Cresson, and persuade the guests
to take drives. He was a "money win
ner," he said, and many a day he made
u much as $25.
The •urronndlng hills of Loretto are
wooded with hemlock, beach, pine and
maple, and the road leading to Cresson
station winds over hill and down dale,
through a thick forest where the wood
man's ax Is often heard. Once, late at
Trfgttt, on hi* return with the mail he was
held up by two oxen, who, thinking the
boy was unarmed, led his frightened
horses into the woods. But young- Schwab,
equal to any 'emergency, gave show of
tot of each small caliber that It waa al
most a toy, and the men retreated.
H* attended a country school, at Loretto
for three months Curing winter, where he
•arty displayed a great love of mathema
tics. Els affahfTIty and earnestness were
two of his snat traits. Although perfect*
ly able to take care of himself, he never
S«t Into a fight. The nearest be came to
being disorderly was on a. St. Patrick's
day, when the master, although an Irish
man, declared }t would not be a holiday
and required the pupils to report for
study. The whole school rebelled, tbo
boys talcing the Initiative. They secured
a ladder and climbed to a loft above the
room of learning, and from the trap door
Irritated the master by occasionally well
aimed paper balls. He ordered them down,
but they displayed no desire to obey, so
he told Mr. Schwab, who was In the liv
ery stable, of his predicament, and that
gentleman, seizing a stout whip, hastened
to tha scene of conflict sad ordered them
down.
Without any hesitation the present head
of the billion dollar combine obeyed
by lowering' the ladder, which, when he
reached the floor, was quickly pulled up.
And then the father gave his boy probably
his first thrashing, which he now delights
In telling.
When two rears had passed he went
to St. Francis' College, and for four years
regularly attended that place of learning.
He was always at the head of his class,
and In mathematics he surprised the
monks. He seemed to have an Innate
HBJSJSMHBHBMsaBtesMainnM
THE SUNDAY CALL.
mind Is continually on his work.
' One winter Mr. Carnegie and he wer«
spending a few days In Florida, and as a
lark went to a colored church. After the
sermon the minister asked for a collection
for rewhltewashing the church. When
the basket was passed to Mr. Carnegie
and Mr. Schwab they dropped in a coup'.a
of crisp bills of large denomination.
When the basket was placed on the desk
in front of the colored divine, that worthy
put on hia spectables and with astonish
ment stamped on his face closely exam-
Ined the bills, and then addressing tha
congregation, said:
"De whitewashing of dls church will
begin to-morrow, provldln' that the**
here notes dat de gen'lemen In do rear ob
de church dropped In de basket are not
counterfeits." . :' ;: : ,.;
In Loretto, his schoolboy home, he Is
known simply . as Charlie.' He addresses
his friends by their first name and shakes
hands with them. all. His manner, an oM
resident said, is Just the same as when he
was a boy and drove the hack. He never
visits Loretto without going to sea
Michael Malloy, the wheelwright. When
he was a schoolboy he assisted Malloy' a
son, who had cut his foot badly, all tha
way home. When young Malloy j grew
older and young Schwab was working his
way up In the Carnegie works, the Malloy
boy said he would like to leave Loretto
and study medicine, which wish Mr.
Schwab facilitated by bearing all the ex
penses.
Recently' he showed his kindness of
heart toward a girl of that mountain vil
lage, who waa on her sick bed for ten
months with blood poisoning, by sending
her. to a hospital in Pittsbursr and defray
ing all the expenses. And although
pressed by duties of his office he found
time to frequently call on the daughter
of his home town till she passed beyond.
The people In the community of Loretto
are comparatively poor and when the pas
tor found it necessary to tear down the
old church Mr. Schwab came forward an«l
offered to build another at a cost of $250,
000. It U now In course of erection an«l
is of great beauty. In front of the church
he erected a monument of Prince Galltzen.
Some time ago he built a church for a
community In Braddock.
Probably no man has acquired such vast
wealth at such an- early age and in such
a short space of time as Mr. Schwab.
When asked to explain his success he sim
ply replied: "A man should always stand
on his own feet, take advantage of op
portunities and be honest and diligent.
To succeed you must make yourself In
dispensable and not set a limit to the time
of your working hours, but do your work
to the best of your ability and let pleas
ure be of secondary Importance.
"The right type of man finds pleasure
In his work and employers are looking for
such. Men who compel recognition bv
their work cannot be restrained from/for*,
ing ahead. It 13 not always the man who
Is smartest who makes the greatest ad
vancement; It is he of bulldog tenacity be
who cannot be discouraged and never
knowledge of figures and an aptitude for
solving the most intricate problems witti
out study. Brother Bowen, a noted re
cluse and priest and a man of«vast mu
sical knowledge, Instructed him in music.
and Charlie on certain occasions played
publicly.
There was a half-witted eccentric char
acter in the town named Michael Molloy,
a wheelwright by trade, whom the boys
delighted in annoying and calling "Mick
ey." Mr. O'Donnell, now proprietor cf
the only hostelry in the village, told me
that Charlie Schwab, even at that early
age, showed the consideration for others
that he still retains, and always called
Michael Molloy by his baptismal name.
He waa never known to be impudent or to
make an ungentlemanly reply. It wa3
"Yes, sir," or "No, sir." His cheerfulness
of manner so t won *Jb* hearts of his
townsmen that when A. J. Spigelmin
moved from Loretto to Braddock, whero
he established a grocery store, he encour
aged the boy to fill a position In his em
ploy, which Indirectly, led to his engaging
In the Iron business. He had declared his
Intention of going Into the outer world,
and he had dreams 'of prosperity. He re
ceived $2 50 a week and board,' he slept In
the itore aa watchman, and swept It out
morning and evening.
¦ - - . •
Ob the summit of a hill In Loretto,
where now stands bis eummer home, there
was a clump of pine trees. Often of an
afternoon, when returning from St. Fran
cis College with. his books under his arm,
he squatted on the nine needles and
studied. Once his mother, a gentlewoman,
- who always encouraged him, . found him
there on a Sunday afternoon diligently
reading. Turning to her he said: "Moth
er, when I become a man and become rich
I'm going to build a house on this spot."
"When the house -was completed, .two
years ago, his mother' reminded him of
Ilia remark, which he bad forgotten as
having made publicly.
While he was In. the grocery store In
Braddock he made a fast friend of a Mr.
Rlnard, a department superintendent of
the Edsrax Thomson Steel Works, belong
ing to the . Carnegla interest. . And that
gentleman often took him about with him
at night through the works. One day,
after he. was about two months In Mr.
Splgelmlre's grocery btore, "W. R.' Jones,
who was • superintendent of the Ed
gar Thomson Works, stepped In to buy
some tobacco. It happened that he had
occasion to question the boy on a matter
of figures, which led to a little discus
sion, and young Schwab displaying a mar
velous knowledge of mathematics . Mr.
Jones • Questioned him further. . : Meeting
the eyes of the boy, he bald; "Charlie.' til's
¦-¦¦¦¦-
hardly necessary for Mr. Carnegie to
make this stipulation.' as Mr. Morgan and
the other gentlemen were equally . im
pressed with Mr. Schwab's ability.
One might imagine that one acquainted
with such success would be changed to a
degree in manner, but to-day he is as un
assuming as when he was a ruddy
cheeked schoolboy in Loretto. He has a
; great respect for his workmen. It was
only lately that he remarked to me that
"the 'greatest satisfaction I have is that
all my men seem to bear a great love for
me."
"You cannot fool a workman." he con
tinued. "You cannot make believe to be
his friend and at the same time browbeat
him. He's a man above being fooled. In
my opinion workmen are more honest as
a class than capitalists." ,
In his office he Is like a great dynamo.
•Indeed, he is the generator of all the
great movements of the Carnegie people.
Although his manner over his desk is
one of strict and exacting- application, he
Is still affable. The workmen know that
at any moment he may appear rapidly
walking through the works and . noting
things as he passes. He Is a man of gen
erous and progressive thought— one . who
believes In the active encouragement of
every man in his employ. While superin
tendent of the Homestead works, for the
betterment of the young he established
the Homestead Industrial School, at a
cost to himself of $24,000, and for three
years paid all the expenses thereof, in
cluding the salary of the teachers. Nor
Is this the "billy Industrial scttool In Pltts
burg*to which he gives personal and
financial aid. He gives liberally to the
institutions for the benefit of the sick.
but' unostentatiously. . . ' -
It is rational to suppose that a man of
such prominence' would be satisfied with
himself and his conditions. It was not so
long, ago that. I had the pleasure of
breakfasting with Mr. Schwab, in the
Holland House. He was speaking about
his. early struggles and experiences and
glancing out of the window dreamily' re
marked: - -?K'**/- ¦:¦•':¦>¦ ¦ - '
"You see, I've a great many* cares and
I cannot say that I am satisfied with my
life. I Bhould Ilk© to bo a prof essor-that
Is an Ideal life."
"I know," he simply replied.
8
THE MAN AT THE HEAD OF THE WORLD'S BIGGEST TRUSTsorry for fff>ostz,
their profession iS „
not, half appreciated
Photographs of fishes Swimming in The ir Native Element
<=ijP?HE field of the camera is now prac
tically, unlimited. The photographic
--H- lens is now turned upon other worlds
and it reveals hitherto hidden mys
teries of the heavens., fcately It has been
directed to submarine depths, and now we
have the strange creatures of the sea and
river as they live and 'move in their na
tive element! . /
In this latter regard Dr. R. "W. Shuf eldt
of this city has demonstrated the won
derful possibilities' of photography under I
water. Dr. "Shuf eldt, who is well known
as a scientist arid writer, has , co-operated
with the Fish Commission in his labors,
and has reached, as intimated,"most.as
tonishing and encouraging results. ... !, .
Dr. Shufeldt's subjects were taken in th©
aquaria of the Fish Commission's build-'
ing while floating idly in' the .water, or
swimming about for exercise or in search
of. food, so that the pictures represent the
fishes as they . habitually live instead of
under such extraordinary; conditions as
leaping into the , air after a | fly or, pro-,,
jecting themselves from the. water to-es
cape ' a . pursuing enemy. The . flsh '.with
which Dr. ShufeJdt seems to have the best
luck is the common fresh waterVsunfish;
known to many outside of the scientific
world as "pumpkin seed." 'The'Intricate
markings and mottllngs of ; the , species,
together with their grouping; are , beauti-^
fully displayed in several i of j the doctor's !
photographs.' *ITor fully two hours on an.
intensely sultry afternoon," writes Dr. '
Shuf eldt, "I was obliged to wait j before
one of these specimens came Into the
proper' place to be photographed." .
The result, : however,' has repaid the
trouble, as the pictures are as perfect as
If taken through. the medium of air in
stead* of water. A" very realistic, picture
of the large-mouthed black bass is among
the finest examples. Other photographs
made include those of the .naked star
gazer, r lying on its side and gazing up
ward with -that ; rapt expression so char
acteristic of its kind; the brook trout, a
very, fine - picture, and the catfish, very
well taken. / ..-' ; : - :
:. From a ¦ photographer's point of . view
perhaps the most interesting of the pict
ures Dr. jj Shuf eldt has taken thus far , is ¦
that of a school of rainbow I trout, 4oO
strong," taken while swimming. ..It Is by
no means a perfect photograph,, many of
the fishes being out of focus and j others
being ' so | shadowed as to ' be hardly dis
cernible,; but' not a^flguie: exhibits" any
blurring from movement, and, it is doubt
ful J whether any other photograph extant
shows so many living j flsh , in one { plate:
Touching upon the matter or fish pho
tography,Dr. Shuf eldt^ Bays: ; ,¦ ;;
'V'To.one having but little knowledge of
the use. of the,camera it .would appear to
be ; a simple matter ;to" photograph under
such apparently . favorable conditions, I but
such is- by no means the'ease." Inthe first
place, in most instances, the incessant,
rapid and often erratic 'movements, of the
fish" themselves" have to be taken into ac
count; the aquaria being large, we have,
in the second ; place, the : difficulty of
prompt focusing to contend with, due to
the latitude enjoyed by -the smaller and
more ; active ' forms; ' thirdly, there Is the
question of reflection, end this, taken in'
connection with the light, 'la , a serious'
problem. Reflections are especially trou
blesome, as the 'glass fronts of the aqua
ria * receive them .from . all. directions, | so
that after focusing a careful study of the
image ..upon the, ground glass will show
these j reflections,- not | only , from some of
the other aquaria, but | possibly j the pho
tographer and his camera besides. All this
must.be carefully guarded against
i ','The camera employed upon this' occa
sion was an old model ..Blair -touragraph;
¦with". a\Volgtlander j lens ; (No. 1), an In
stantaneous ' shutter of the Low pattern,
Seed's gilt T edged plates \5x8); I used stops
as any special case demanded. A tripod
Is absolutely essential I to success In this
kind of work.. The instrument was set up
in front' of one of • the- more ¦ favorable
aquaria I and v focused : upon the part de
sired and an inch or two beyond the sur
face of , the'glass. "An armed- plateholder
was I Inserted in ' place j of I the j. .'snap' set.
Patient waiting for an" exposure when" the
fish ¦ swims • to . the surface where ¦ you
want it is necessary. Care must be taken
in . drawing or pushing back the slide Tof
the plateholder. "—"Washington Times.
"No. I go Into my Btudy or sit on the
porch • of my house from 10 to 1 in th©
morning. " I give ; my secretary something
to read and "I begin to dictate" when the
spirit moves.. I have a hard time the first
few days with a new secretary. . They
seem to be so' Interested In -watching- me
and reading what I dictate. After a while
they don't care at all what I write. Fre
quently - the indifference of my - secretary
"Actually, literally, I don't writ© at aTi-
I dictate everything that I sign. I prepare
every page of my stories mentally, even
to the title, and my secretary, having tak
en It down In shorthand, reads her notes
to me,' then reads th© page when- It Is
typewritten, and I never look at the words
till I receive the proof from th© printers."
; "In 'that. way you, carry th© story with
you everywhere all the time?" " 1 * - .
"I know better I" I said.
"It is quite natural that yon should ask
mo . that/' / ha said; "every on© do«a, X
could not explain the method definitely. . I
use different lenses in getting my imag
inative focus. I'm Ilk© a photographer
who puts up his camera In a crowded
street, and, watching the procession as It
glides on in shadowy semblance across his
machine, instinctively waits till. he sees a
suitable picture, and snaps it," h* said,
dreamily. "I don't suppose he would at
tempt to record the Jumbl© of objects
about him, but his discretion, his taste, hla
particular ey© select and approv©."
"Do you write rapidly T" I asked. -
"I don't write at all," said Mr. Stockton,
simply. .
I asked the* question.-
If It were possible to describe th© dry,
quiet monotone in which Mr. Stockton un
ravels these whimsical turns of hla mental
machinery, th© peculiar originality of his
stories would seem to be the most natural
result of his logic We only get abrarr©d
reflection,' at best, of an author in hla
books; it requires a personal contact with
a man to discover th© true senses of his
nature.' . ' . .
place to be transferred from one abode of
human crime to another. There can't be
a very extended field of labor for ghosts,
industrious as they are when they do get
a Job, as we know."
burned by the ¦villain he" chanced to be,
passing the house where this deed of de
struction took place,, and ' some charred
portions of the burned documents fled up
the chimney and dropped on his face.",
"Did j he - recognize the will?" I asked
eagerly. _ ... : ¦ • •; ' : :
"I don't know exactly how it was done,
but i he brushed the charred paper off . his
nose with his thumb and forefinger." inci
dentally losing forever a. great fortune in;:
the smudge on his face.", .He' concluded'
this reminiscence in a sad, soft voico,
without a smile on his face, got up
and walking over to the window. ¦ looked ¦
solemnly out upon the Broadway cabio
line. .' '- ; ;
Ghosts That Are Oiit of a Job.
""What about ghost stories? Do you be-.*
lieve in ghosta?" I asked.
Kjjjji "I wrote a story once called »The Trans
ferred Ghost,' which answers that ! ques
tion in a way. I've always felt sorry for
ghosts. Their profession Is not half ap
preciated. ; It •was partly this sympathy
I feel for the melancholy, destiny of ghosts
that , made me jj write th*» story Just men- i
tloned; it was my appeal In their behalf.".
. '"An- appeal to encourage our sympa
thies for them?"
"Somewhat. I always felt that there
must be. quite a number of ghosta out of
a Job, so to speak.- Ghosts that we never
; heard of, because' they have not been as-
Signed to haunt any one in particular. My
transferred ghost was one of these unfor
'tunatel. He had no position; he was wait
ing for. some o* to die, so as to find a
.story you ever wrote?" I asked him.
"Let me see— oh, yes, now 1 remember,"
and with the effort of recollection canw
a relaxation. of arms, legs and body, tor
gotten by the mental absorption of the
man. ¦ • . . ;
"My first story was written for a maga
zine published before the war. and after
the war* broke | out was never heard of
again.' I never saw out three parts of it
in print, when the .war came arid swal
lowed the magazine and the rest of my
manuscript. "I've often wondered what^
became of that storv."
"What was it called?" I asked, break
ing the Dause that followed, jj
"I called it 4 A Story, of Champagne,* "
he said. "It was historical In a way. It
was a tale laid in the French province of
Champagne. The only feature that I re
member of it was a situation that seemed
very pathetic. Some one had left a for
tune In his will to some one else and the
heir to this fortune was, of course, de
prived of the will by the vlllany of somo
body. or other. This young man was very
anxious to discover the will, and hunted
ceaselessly for it. It so happened that^at
the very moment when the, will was belns
Mr. Frank E. Stockton Is a humorist
who wears no badge of humor to identify
him as a specialist. He has written his
tories, school books and stories, all in
the proper balance of the duties they wer©
born to'perfonn. His father waa a writer
of religious articles, and there Is a seri
ous, almost ministerial solemnity about
him that adds a personal charm to his
qualnr " fashion . of" ' seeing and saying
things. His satire is always considerate,
and his humor Is oJ»Amerlca. for Amer
ica. PENDENNIS.
to what I am dictating discourages in©.
Then I try to arouse her by doing ¦om©
thlng sensational. I suddenly maka th«
hero stick a knlf© Into his sweetheart Ju«t
to see If tho secretary la really lost to all
sensibility..
"Only th© other day I waa tailing Mr.
Eggleston that I had don© ¦omathtnc X
had never don© before: 1 had tnt©r©st«d
my secretary."
Lovo Interest Not Essential
"Hav* you always diotaUd your
stories?**
' "No; I couldn't do that at first. It'i *
development. My wife u»» A to h«lp me at
nnt." ' !
"Which nitiit hAT* etvon a Uvce tnt«r*»t
to the itorte.iT' X tutr rated.
"Of eourtej but X don't believe that tht
love Interest ta eueh an ©««entt«l quality
•» many authors would hav* \> beltave.
It I* a mistake to fore* into a etory a love
affair, for tt tt always more or lete ob>
.vtoua to th© reader."
Mr. Stockton makes flylnr Ttstt* to th©
ttty durinr the winter at short Interval*,
but he never doe* any work except at hi*
hom© tn th© Ba*nandoah Valley, n©ar
Charles town. W. Vi.
"We took a furnished hoar* fax Wash
ington once for a month," he laid, some
what sorrowfully I thought, "but that la
th© only time we bar© *kept hon*«* ta •
clty.'V
"Yon received no Inspiration ta writ* a
¦ociety novel, as a result of th* «xp»rt«
meat?** X asked.
- "No. Th© smart set ar© not In my Ham.
X do have society peopl© In my hooka, bat
they ar© not remaxkabl© tn . any distinc
tion tor. that fact. I live on property that
belonged to Washington, left In hi* will
to his nephew, Bushrod Washington. Th«
road 'along which- O«arg© Wa»h±n*torj
passed -wtth General Braddock rnsa
through my place."
"Then we may look for a Colonial
¦tory?"
"Now Pm purely contemporary. Tixm
novel I am working on describes this lo
cality and occurs there, but my charac
ters ar« not copies at my neighbor*, ho-w
ever much. , they may inspire) me.**
Of all the plays accessible In NwTort,
1 1 was anxious to know which play -would
attract Mr. Stockton, and I asked him.
"I don't go to the theater mach, al
though I am very fond ot it."
• "What did you go to se©r*
"I went to see 'A Royal Punfly/ be
cause I had heard It offended th« Prtac*
of Wales. I was ' curious to •«• -what
gave him offense."
"Why7" I asked abrnptly.
"Because I offended him one©> myself, or
at least the English people, Q-nlta unin
tentionally. .1 wrot© a story called Ths-
Great War Syndicate.' It waa purely a
fictitious description of a war betw««n
this country and TOngianrt. controlled by
a hug© syndicate, In which th© English
were beaten. There was no bloodshed,
either, no on© killed, but on© man. and
he accidentally, because a derrick fell on
him. It was merely a contribution to
Anglo-Saxon literature, and not partisan
In Its Intention at all. Lost year I re
ceived a recuest from London Punch to
write a story for It, the editor stating
In his letter that I might choose any sub
ject I liked, bo long aa ft waa not im
moral. - I did not find the Instructions dif
-flcult to, follow. Bine© they had written
to an American author for an American
story I gave them one. It waa In three
parts, a tale of th© Cap© Cod people, and
I called it Th» Gilded Idol and th© Kins:
Conch Shell'— Tv© not heard how It has
succeeded."
plot."
"Hot do you work out these pecullaxi-
"Couldn't you easily hav© extended th©
story and gratified our curiosity?"
"How could I? Th© etory didn't hav©
much over fifteen hundred words, and
when I got to the end of it I Just stopped,
that's all. Its success was a great sur
pris© to me. When the opera was pro
duced taken from the story a lady whom
I knew suggested that the last act could
reveal the Tiger one night and the Lady
th© next alternately, so that the audiences
would never know which they were going
to see. but the theatrical folk wouldn't
take those chances, and they never did
It."
Theatrical literature Is something which
the makers of literature understand bet
ter than they are reputed to understand
it. Although Mr. Stockton expressed no
definite enthusiasm toward play writing,
he Inferred In his quiet way that he in
tended to write a play some day.
Literary Ethics in Humor.
"Although my book 'Squirrel Inn' was
dramatized, I can claim no greater dis
tinction in that achievement than hav
ing written the book," he said, and he
folded his hands modestly on his lap and
tried to look the lesser half of that event,
as becomes the author of most dramatized
stories, according- to modern tenets.
There Is a suggestion In this view of
the matter whether the gaping wounds
that the stabbing process of dramatlzers
Is dealing to literature are not separating
the literary men from th© theater en
tirely.
The literary humorist would never cay
of his books, as the comedians ray of
themselves and their plays, "It is to
laugh," and I have e^-en found that th©
men who have written representative
American humor nearly all have the same
grievance against the broad grin and the
boisterous laugh that Imply deliberate hu
morous purpose on the part of the author.
They resent, politely, silently, of course,
the accusation cf being funny men in the
Eense of men who strive to be funny at
the expense of literary ethics. When I
suggested to Mr. Stockton that he wae a
professional humorist he looked at me
suspiciously and was doubtful whether
the imputation was complimentary or
not. . -
"Yes, yes, no doubt, I suppose my
6tori<33 are humorous," he said, his face
more solemn and thoughtful than a pro
fessor cf science, "but I don't know that
my characters are different from ordinary
people, or that they do anything that or
fllnary people would not do In certain sit
uations. I always try to retain simplicity
it characterization in any dilemma of
»"* V R. FRANK R. STOCKTON oc
f\/\ cupies eo unique a field in
I y I American literature that It has
I puzzled many, eminent critics to
classify his work. I read, 6ome
while ago, an article by Ed
mund Gosse, who described Mr. Stock
ton's special outlook on life and people as
a "literary squint."
This criticism was, of course, of the
man as he saw him In his books. If Ed
mund Goss© had selected a nearer view of
this American author, h© would have seen
a man with a pair of deep set, warm,
black eyes that gleamed with Intelligent,
kindly humor, lighting up a very serious
face, almost melancholy In its quiet re
straint of nervous fore* and mental en
ergv.
No man with two such eyes "squints"
et anything, although the originality of
his work has mad© his readers "squint."
which was, no doubt, th© trouble with
Mr. Gosse.
At a recent mating of th© Authors'
Club. In New York. Richard Watson
Gilder told th© story of a young writer
who called upon him to propos© a. con
tract to write a new story every month.
"What kind of stories a© you propose
to write?" a>kt4 Mr. Glider,
"I think nomethins Uk© *Th© l*dy or
the Tteerr would t»© an attractive toe*,"
rfj.llrfl **»• literary n©dsUm, and hie*
proposition l» recorded tn th* ofllc© m an
?•xhir^ for the mu*eum tn th>tr reception
room ©f wrtt«M who mtnake a "squint"
«\t MfMrtur* tor knowlt>dc%. It te Impoe
•feUe t© look at Mr. BtockVon without &
curious, «lmott Irritating, suspicion that
h« alon» know* th« answer to hit lit
erary conundrum, "The Lady or 'th«
Tieer? 11
When you uk him about It he looks
solemn, his eyes travel Into a far off dis
tance of mystery, and In his slow, easy
manner of ppeech he says:
"I don't know which it was. I never
knew whether It was the Lady or the
Tiger. Honeetly, I'd like to know my-
"I don't write for children.". he said: "1
write for adults, or at least for people
who can read and write!"
"Aren't fairy stories written for chil
dren?" ,*
"Some of them have that distinction
among generous but m'.sguided parents. I
always felt that the writers of faliy
stories .were too prolific.with fairy wings.
It never seemed natural or reasonable
that even fairies should be always spread-
Ing their wings and leaving every one elsa
In the story standing around feeling smaJl
and Inefficient In their Inferiority o* legs
and arms. But, of course, these remarks
apply only to my style of fairies."
"Fanciful subjects usually take poets'
license!" Isaid.
"Of course, I don't mesn to suggest that
fancy should be banished, but there are
so many things that have a better rifirht
"to wear wings than fairiesV For instance,
one can Quite imagine a fairy livery sta-.
ble, where one can hire a bee, or a. swell
pair of high-stepping butterflies, har
nessed to a. comfortable wagron made of
honeysuckle to take tho air in."
How promptly and eapily, without any
attempt at manner to display the matter
he conveyed, did his mind ,travel into : tha
fantastic world!, I told him this, and in-,
f erred that one of the most remarkable
features of his stories was their fantastic
touch. It transpired that ¦ he had always
had it, even from th© very first story he
ever wrote. . .
"What was the nature of the first serial
"Ye», 1 workfd on a newspaper tn Phil
adelphia one*, and."— h« stopped short, un»,
certain whether M» rf mlnUwne* ©f newt*
paper work In Philadelphia would be w
eiwttfully received by ft New Yorker.
"You wer* living you lived In Philadel
phia," i eata eneouiatlnRly* M W4 you
"Well, I wasn't what you would e«U a
reporter," he continued, genuinely apolo*
eetle of that fact, "but I used to write on
different subjects."
"Did you ever go out on an assign
ment?"
"Once— once only, and I covered myself
•with glory, it you will allow me to Bay
bo. I was told to get a report of r horti
cultural and florists' exhibit made at a
great fair that was hold in the city for
some big charity. Oh! it was a huge af
fair — a whole square of Philadelphia in
closed in glass. "Well, I strolled in and
paw at once that to make an exhaustive
report of the matter would need an extra
press In the printing department of the
paper and a knowledge of Latin. beyond
any compositor ever born." t
"What did you do?"
"I went quietly to every exhibitor and
asked him to write me a careful report of
the technical history of his own exhibit.
The next day I collected my stack of
amateur manuscripts, containing 1 expert
descriptions, and wove out of the mass an
article bo learned and complete on the
subject that a man who was sent to re
port the matter for a horticultural paper
lost his Job, and they used t a clipping of
my report. Oh! yes, the editor knew that
I loved the country and flowers and trees,
and so on, and figured that I was the best
man to handle a horticultural article."
"In the realm of imagination you have
no such expert testimony to draw upon? 1
I said.
"You me'an in fairv stories?"
"Yes, that is one pha6e-of fiction for
children." I suggested.
"Have yo.u. never lived In & cUyT" I
Mke&
A Reportorlftl Experience.
"The characters in the country are more
Individual; they have more room to move
about in than in the city. I never took
much' interest in the city people, perhaps
because I never cared much to under
stand them." It seems to me as though
the townsfolk are all more or less alike—
they imitate each other so much. Not
that country people are more eccentric
than 'the rest of the human 'family. I
don't mean that, because I don't find them
bo, but I believe in native conditions that
can be easily traced and explained and
understood.". '•;'.. , #
H© hesitated- a moment, for he talks
slowly, because he thinks too rapidly,
perhaps, and then said: "It's a hard mat
ter to trace the native In a big city; he
loses truck of himself somehow. or ether
In th© crowded procession of town life,*'
"I live in the country— I love the coun
try." he sald'^t last, and there was no
humor In the sincerity of his sentiments
as he went on:
ties of human nature?" I asked, bravely.
He paused a moment, shifted uneasily In
hJs seat, evidently uncertain whether to
make the confession or not.
THE SXTNTOA^T OAIiIi,
•;¦:
self."
9
FRANK R. STOCKTON DISCLOSES SOME OF THE METHODS OF A LITERARY HUMORISTTh2 PTS-frtesded M^n an d ifie S^^^tca^ PsssgnS^S-
HE looked Just as pig-headed as he
turned out to be. There was no
doubt about his being a stranger
in a strange land, for while his
clothes were not rustic appearance
there was an unfamiliar cut about them.
And then he carried a traveling bag and
wore spats. m
When the conductor of the Fourth-ave
nue car called for his fare the stranger
dug down Into his pocket and drew out
a. bill. The man In blue, who bore on his
right sleeve three gold service stripes as
proof of wonderful forbearance with all
kinds and conditions of people, squinted
at the bill and shook his head.
"That ain't no good In this country."
he said.
"Of course It's good," said the Btranger,
still sticking it forth. "It's a Canadian
five-dollar bill."
"Can't take It," repeated the conductor.
'They won't take it off me at the office."
"Well, you've got to take it," said the
stranger, "or stop the car and put . me
off. It's money and good money."
The conductor acted like a human be
ing. He took tlft bill and looked It all
over again. Then he referred it to a
passenger.
" j. never saw a bill like that bef ore/'
he said. "What do you think ' of it."
The passenger told him he was right
in not accepting it because it was not
legal tender in this country and because
he could not get rid of it except at a
discount even at a bank. So the con
ductor passed it over to its owner' once
more.
"Tou* re In America now," he said, good
r-aturedl-. "You'll have to pay American
money. If I took that I'd be stuck with
It myself."
Still the "passenger was pig-headed.
"WeK," he said, "you'll have to stop the
car and put me off. That's all." »
Then he settled back doggedly and
scowled. - Th<» controversy •' had . attracted,
great attention in the car. . Every one
was looking at the stranger, and a man
who sat across from him, thinking ' that
the five-dollar bill was all the stranger
had, gave the conductor a nickel for | the
fare and the "other passengers took it for
granted that the controversy was all set
tled.
But not so. : The pig-headed young man
arose with a grun.t and again dug Into
his trousers pocket. This time he pulled
out' several American ., one-dollar- . bills.
One of these he offered to the conductor.
\ "I got your fare," said the conductor.
"No. you haven't." insisted the strang
er. "I haven't paid." .
"But this man paid for . you."
"He's not me. Change the bill."
"I ain't got . the change," insisted the
conductor. . .
The man with the spats was getting red
In the face. He offered the one-dollar bill
to the man who had paid his fare. The
man- would ; not ¦ take . it. . * -
"I can l pay my ' way," exclaimed the
stranger. "Give me the change." ;
"Haven't got any," said his benefactor,
with, a grin. "It's all right now." ;sit
down." -
' But . the stranger would not. He went
f ror> passenger to passenger, asking - for
change, .; poking his . one-dollar bill into
their faces. ...They; all .thought it -was
Canadian - and examined It closely, while
the stranger rocked around the car. |
At the end of the line he found a man
'.. Tommy— Yes'm. ; Tou see. the paper she
was.wrappln* It up ih had a love story in
1L— Philadelphia" Press. .'*
Tommy— I . had to wait for . ma' to wrap
up a bundle for me to leave at* Mrs.
Brown' s'^Vv^
Teacher— Surely it ,-.' didn't ' take your
mother nearly an houf to do that.
Canse of the Delay.
Teacher— What made you so late?
. An Unfeeling, "Wretch.
J1 wish I had that "man where I could
get at him." said the' young woman. <
I "What man?" asked the elderly woman.
"The one that advertised how to get rid
of rough, red hands— for a dollar."
"You sent- the dollar?" ¦ ' •¦
"Yes, and what do you think the hateful
thing sent?". :' v
"I have' no : idea." * '
; "He said the easiest way was to pay off
the rough; red hands and hire polite black
ones."— Indianapolis Press. ¦¦'.
Wanted Something Gradual.
J Politician— Tell ;me. the best way ¦ to j get
out of politics. N
' Friend— Turn prohibitionist.
Poll tlcian-^-Oh, that's too sudden; I want
to go out gradually. — Smart Set." . • *
AT Sense u of . Security.
. "Have ; you ever - given any < thought to
the ~ dangers -which threaten ' this • repub
lic?" Inquired, the apprehensive. •
" "I ; don't { believe a word of '. such talk,"
anawarnd ¦ Senator - Sorehum. "I rely on
the common sense of the masses. And
nothing will convince me that you can't
keep ' people from J getting '. obstinate' and
voting against you, provided you- have
plenty of money and are willing to: spend
it."— Washington Star. ,
Still More Horrible.
, **My rajged . friend," said . the elderly
- gentleman with nothing else to do," "I read
a story In one of the dally newspapers
about a man that dropped dead after
drinking a glass of beer. Was not that
horrible 7'
"Might of been worse," said the object
of charity. . - . *
. "How?"
« "Ho might have dropped Jdead before
drlnkln' It."— Indianapolis Press.
Hope for the Better.
Employer— Now, where have you been
all this tlme^-at, the matinee, I suppose?
Come*' confess. ¦•--.;:
Office boy (In fear 1 and trembling)— Tea,
sir, I was. V,
.'simnlover— Fm zlr* ?« K«« it Parhans
you've picked tip a new tune. I was get
ting tired of that old one yon whistle.—
Philadelphia Press.
First Inference.
First politician— Did yon see that Wel
saker has been announced to discuss a
few public questions from a high moral
plane? » -
Second politician— Tes; I wonder what
the old geezer Is sore about?— IndianaDo
lis Press. ' , v
Her Age.
"How old are you. Prau Plelchlngerr*
"Has Frau von Wlesinger given her age
your' Honor?" *
"Certainly."
"Very well— then put "me down as two
years younger than she!"— Der Floh.
- • ¦^^-•— ¦ "
Neighborly.
Husband— Isn't it about time Mrs. Bor
rowe was returning our call?
'Wife— Y*s. but If she does return It It
will be more than she does with the other
things she gets from us.— Detroit Fre»
pu n^Srts 'CUU^cr Fi-orp R^ Th^S :afid.eve» > |JW.h^-.
who could give, him four quarters 'for the
bill. He offered a quarter to ; the man
who had paid his fare. The man wouid
not take it Thent the stranger;: started
up the line to get change for one of his
quarters, j ¦¦-¦'< ,. r~ ¦• '¦>'. ,' ¦¦:. ." ."-r 1 ' '•
. At '? last he" ; got five -nickels. He : gave
one ' of them to his benefactor, : drew , a
deep breath and sat himself down again,
glaring, at everyone. After two minutes'
thought . he remarked : ' • Oruy. ':.;.'¦ t ;;-:> t-io -\ ¦:
"I'm prettr . pig-headed - when : I • get
started."/^ -*v..; :>•£: ¦. '. y:\ i'V ; ¦; v ;
¦ No one In the car undertook to deny
this assertion. . ..
Poses by Amy Leister, Tivoli
' Opera-House.
Hosiery from Sale's. .
Photos by Alisky.
neat looking. ':¦ : ; .
The colors are all bright this year, and
red has come in for more than its share
anna one of the familiar saying, "Whewl
Hot socks." .
They are not an as noisy, though.. Some
of the prettiest are of black lisle
-srith white -silk filigree work form
ing the }ower half. And then again
the colors may do a - light • green
with pink and white > checks." Even
all black Is worn by sedate people. Not
the ordinary black of a few years ago.
else that Is good. and. >bove all. a no-r
«lty. Borne of them cost as much as tL50
and $2. but It Is always a comfort to
know that everybody on the- street hasn't
the same Identical thing on. There are
few women who can resist this charm.
Green is a splendid color for spring
wear, and then, too, there Isn't that eter
nal wonder as to whether the dy» will
leave all kinds of bad effects. Where
there isn't one thins to worry about, there
is another, you know.
Polka-dots are not worn as much as
they were: In fact, they are not worn at
rII unless they ax© dressed up. A neat
hose Is a blue ground covered with black
dots and a row of bows down the center.
Pink is a color that will be the raare this
year, and the smart girl who dotes on
harmony will have no trouble In blend-
Ing from the crown of her dainty head to
the soles of her patent leather shod feet.
makes the shivers run up one's back to
even think of their horror and dismay.
What could be prettier than a dainty
lavender, with all kinds of twists , and
turns dose la a. drop stitch? They are very
swell with a light frock on a summer day,
when it is about ninety in the shade.
The very modest young lady who likes
low shoes to tramp the hot, dusty byways
in has selected a tan or a brown, with
funny little figures, either in white or
pink, and always with a drop stitch. They
are cool, and no one, even a erank, could
possibly accuse one of wearing- anything
the least bit gay.
The athletic girl, who takes her summer
outing in the most sensible way, dons a
short skirt, big hat and knee boots. "When
she Is tramping in Yosemlte or tolling
slowly up Shasta Bhe doesn't think much
about her hosiery. Her chief Idea Is to
Dest tor in© leei. mere u praciicauy n^
dye— none, in fact-<hat will tire the feet
after one or two washings. . So, yon see,
they make up In one way what they lose
In another.
The girl who spends her summer at the
seashore may revel In all kinds of flowers
and checks, but when It comes to swim
ming, black again asserts Itself.
Perhaps the latest thing In hosiery for
ladies Is the golf sock. They are not worn
as* extensively as . they i might be on ac
count of . the warmth, but they are very
but a thin ©pen work ef silk ar lisle, and
after all. they are about as pretty and
neat a stocking as can be warn.
Black and white la a combination that
Li worn a great deal In everything this
year, and. of course, couldn't possibly b«
left out of this Important factor of dress.
One of the favorites this year— and a de
cided one In New York last season— 13 the
• diamonds. The demand has been more
than the dealers could supply. Another
pair of the same colors Is striped, but
they are not nearly as pretty on the foot,
as they appear cut on the bias.
Don't Imagine all this -swelldom costs
nothing. It Is expensive like everything
of rpace. There are dozens and dozens of
boxes of solid reds, and equally as many"
bhies with red and blank fancy feet.
These are called "half -socks" and they
truly -look It. and at the same time re-
get there wttb as much comfort as possi
ble, .'.' •
Now, bright reds and greens and blacks
may be swell and pretty, but there Is no
use talking about It, pink cotton stockings
are the* most comfortable and by *•• tb*
y-'Y TRIPES, diamonds and openwork,
Vo\ that* ¦ what the hosiery la this Tear,
V~ 1 Since lew shoes have become the
h""^ proper thing the hosiery dealers
have racked their bralm and taxed
their ingenuity for something new and
startling.
To say that they have succeeded In pro
ducing something- striking and out of the
ordinary would be putting It mildly. And
the success worked both ways— first ; In
originality, and, secondly. In taking the
eye of the fickle public.
What would our pious grandmothers
have thought If they had been given a
pair of green and yellow stripes or a pair
of black and white diamonds that could
have been seen a block a.w*r? It almost
THE .';; STTNDA Y * OALLl
LATEST FADS IN HOSIERY.
10"Lb ! now , have \ I Much Wealth .
Wherefore I will go back and invest
the Whole Wad in Love, for of 'a
¦-¦¦¦•¦ ¦¦ . ¦ ' •¦ ¦ f-ii-- - I.-'.":
And it came to pass at the end "of
Three Years '= that , the Young Man
said within himself:
through the tangled Jungles of his
Long. Hair. , ' .
So the Youth arose and girded up
his loins and traveled . into a Far
Country: yea, even unto the* land of
Hardscrabble which lieth in the Arc
tic Circle, over against: the North
Pole. . • - ' *¦ v
And he scratched the Frozen Earth
Many Days, taking therefrom Much
Gold. And he ate Sour Dough mean
while and Boiled Beans. Also hs
sharpened his Teeth with the Frozen
Fish of that country and : chased
divers and Many Wild Creatures
"Nay, George! but that cutteth No
Ice! for we. will live on -Love!" and
the sighed Warmly into his Shirt
Waist, and the Love Light from her
Eyes lit' up the Boom until the Arc
Light blushed and Went Out.. .
~\No w this Youth was much In Love,
yet had he left a Little Sense, where*
fore he shook his Head, saying:
"Man" cannot live on Love alone!
Neither can a Maiden thrive and wax
fat on kisses and Love Light and
Soulful Sighs. Yea, verily! the .Warm
Hug maketh the heart Glad, but tho
Meek Spud and the Gory Steak put-,
teth Fat upon the Bibs and maketh
Warm Blood to feed the Rosy Blush!
Behold, now, I will arise and go forth
into the World to Seek Wealth whil*
thou stayest at Home to Sigh for my
Beturn!"
But the Maid Looked Soulful and
Wreathed her Snowy Arms Around
his neck, saying:
"Behold!" said the Plunkles*
Youth, "I am Poor and unable to sup
port thee in the way to which, thou
hast been accustomed!" • /
*jf& YOUTH who possessed No
//Ay Bough loved a Fair Maid who
looked angelio and Chewed
Gum. ' .
Third"; Bunch: ILove is a live coal,
but if thou cease blowing it goeth
Second -Moral:. .'When;, thou leavesr
thy Sweetheart and goest into a Far
Country do thou cop out Another
Darling- if thou wantest to Break
Even with events at Home. I
Moral : Love is a stream and,run
neth to one sea as well as to another.
"Of a'jTruth," he grinned, "it is an
Even'Break, for verily, I was lonely
and I married a Squaw!"
"Thou wert so Far Away!", wailed
the Sweet -Thing. <"But wert thou
really, true tar me all those Long
Years?"
• Then did the Youth, scratch "his
head and Look Sheepish. ' . ;^ '-
"AlasI" he cried, "for three chilly
years have I worked for thee, and lo!
in a few Short Weeks thou hadst For
gotten Me!" and he wept and Cursed
Exceeding Hard. . '
Then did the Poor Youth beat his
breast and tear his hair and Lament
bitterly. Also he rent his, New
Clothes and cast Dust upon his head.
. But when he was come to the Fair
Maiden's House, behold! he found her
possessed • of a Husband 'and Two
Children. . '
"For now do I not live in the land
of the Siwash," thought he, "where
t the Standard of Beauty is a Bristly
Face that hath been modeled on a side
of Bacon," and he went forth to camp
on tho Trail, of his Sweet Thing. '
the Pobr- .Young Man Wh© Uov$d the Ma^n- : : .Fafr.
Truth the Word ¦ Soundeth Good ' to
Me!" .;/".:.. .. "¦ • .. .;¦ ,.-'-:. ; - .
So ha arose and got back to the
land of ' his Fathers. And he did
shave his Features and cut his Hair
end Wash his Face for the First Timo
in. Many Moons..
The Theme: Never Get Gay with
a man merely because he looks lib)
a Fool. ' j
Second Bunch: Aesop Meant Well;
but of a Truth ho wotted not tho
Hind I#eg of the Demure Ass.
Moral: When the Joker is a Husky
Guy it is better to laugh than to
Get Mad at his Jokes.
Then he kicked the Sly Fox
through the Sky-Light for Luck and
Went his Way humming a Gay Tune.
Th« fn the Uon'5 s^n.
not that in. the Twentieth Century
the Joker is King of the IteckP"
Moral: There is no Greater Fool
than the Wise Man who knoweth
not how to use his Wisdom.
Another Wad: Educate not thy
Brain at the Expense of thy Legs.
And Verily: The* Fool may be. a
Fool, yet knoweth he when to run —
which, is the First Precept- a Benefi
cent Providence bestowed upon our
First Ancestors.
"Lo!" quoth the Cannibal Chief,
"the. man was' All Brains and No
Legs! Ugh!- Yet, had he been Long
on Legs and Short on Brains per
chance we had missed our Dinner!
All things are for the Best!" and he
Gave Thanks and was Happy.
¦ "Verily," panted the Fool as he
paused to Catch Breath at a Safe Dis
tance, "brains be a Great Thing; but
it is the Leg Action that taketh th«e
cut of Trouble at a Pinch!" and he
Spurted Again.
"Alas!" wept the Unhappy Sage.
"They are Anthropophagi . (Which
meaneth Cannibals), and I wist not
until I classified them!" and they
scraped hira neatly and placed him in
a Toothsome Stew.
"Throw up thy Hands!" said ths
Cannibals, "for of a truth thou art
Our Meat!"
Now the Fool had no Brains; yet
were his L«g Muscles in Good Shape.
Wherefore, while the Wise Man was
busy Classifying, the Fool was run
ning Earnestly and with exceeding
Much Fervor.
"How Interesting!" exclaimed the
Sage, and ha took out a Book, placed
his Horn Spectacles upon his Beak
and proceeded to classify the
Heathen.
"Behold, Master!" he said, "hers
cometh a Procession of Niggers hav-.
ing Spears in their Hands and a Ter
ribly Mean Look in their Eyes!" and
he fled Swif tly.
And about the eleventh hour the
Fool lifted up his Voice in a Scared
Howl.
Men, and the Bones bore the Marks
of Teeth.
The Wise Man a^d the Foot.
~" WISE MAN and a Fool jour-
Aneyed together into a Far Coun
try.
How the Wise Man was an Eth
nologist: also was he Up on Anthro
pology. Yea, verily, he was Dead
Owly on all things appertaining to
the Science of Man: yet wotted he not
how to Cook Bacon or f as.ten his Sus
pender with a Shingle NaiL
But the Fool had not Brains where
with to Furnish Broth for a Starving
Flea.
And It came to Pass that they
Journeyed through a Desert which
was strewn with the Bones of Many
MR. A. ESOP'S FABLES UP TO DATE.
"Thou wert not up to Snuff!" said
the Aggrieved Ass. "Wottest thou
Now it was so that this Ass was
born in Texas. Wherefore he .handed
the Surprised Lion a Double-Handed
Cross Wallop and Broke his Bibs.
Also he presented the King of Beasts
with . four Upper-Cuts, a Scissor3
Punch, seven Jabs and a Solar-Plex
us, all in the space of Ten Seconds,
doubling the Lion up like a Bath
Towel and putting him forever out of
the Game.
"I'll show thea a better Joke!"
xoared he. "Bthold! it is now My
Cue to lay hold of thee and Crack thy
Vertebra!" and he made to carry out
the Programme according to Hoyle.
Then did the Lion Rise Up land
was wroth (for of a truth he had
been scared).
. "Hee haw!" brayed the Ass,
"but was it not a Warm JokeP"
Silly Ass!';
"Ho ho!" laughrd the Sly Fox.
'/Thou art no Lion— theu are but a
"Wur-r-roo-oo!" roared the Ass in
a mighty voice : and all the Animals
did the Hot Foot— all save the Lion,
who was ashamed to Bun, and the
Sly Fox who Saw Through tha. Ass*
Graft.
Wheref ore, at the Going Down of
the Sun hs put on the Lion's Skin
end sought out the Cave wherein the
Lion and the Sly Fox were running a
Blind Pig.
For it so happened that the Ar s
found a Moth-eaten Lion's Skin upon
the Highway and took it home with
him, saying: -
"Hee haw, haw, haw! Lo! I will
have some fun with the Boys!"
fffv» tit Ass -who possessed a great
ff=\ sense of Humor once sought to
%\ play a Joke upon the Other
Animals. .
' against the wall, placed the picture on the
chajr and then- stood, back' with a chuckle
and skid: . •';';•¦':' '•-*.' .. •
"You asked, who De Rubini was. Behold
him!".". 'f' • '^7 v.v' ••"¦.- . .;,
- The cat dropped off the. lounge, took a
square look at the portrait and then dis
creetly retired' a'-few feet to be out of the
way of the flying splinters. '
"So that's De Rubini sitting down to his
beer?" queried Mrs. Bowser after a long
look at the old "canvas," across which in
numerable files appeared to have left in
numerable trails.; ?
"Haven't you more sense than that?"
hotly demanded Mr. Bowser as he flushed,
up.
"Then who ia it?"
"The figure before you is that of the
chevalier of Milan, while De Rubini was
the painter. Can't you see his. name down
there in the corner?"
never saw such a shacklety old frame on
: a -picture."
"Shacklety!" gasped Mr. Bowser.
"From my,. point of view the drawing
is amateurish and stiff, the coloring poor,
arid It's' a . portrait that 'the great De
Rubini must have painted by the yard.
I don't'want to hurt your feelings, but"—
"Darn, niy feelings!"- thundered Mr.
Bowper as h« jumped up and down, with
his eyes blazing. "Woman, do y»u know
what you are saying -to me?"
"I'm criticizing the portrait."
"You criticizing— you! Madam, how
dare you display such cheek?" ¦
"The chevalier of Milan," she -went on,
"wears his sword on the -wrong side, and
his thumbs are as long as his fingers. The
right foot as seen under the table seems
to belong, to" the left leg, and that.he is
a cross-eyed man you can see at a glance.
If you paid over a dollar for that daub,
you" — ;¦: - .:.;•.- -¦'.'¦
canvas out of It; she heard him rip antf
cuss sfhd kick the old frame to pieces,
while the cat scurried around the room
to dodge the fragments. Then came the
silence of the grave, and she tiptoed into
her. bedroom and left the man. below to
struggle with his feelings.
• "That friend of. mine in the asphalt
business had a horrible dream the other
night. He dreamed he had worked
through a contract to pave the main
street In sheol. In his Joy over getting
it he was foolish enough to guarantee to
keep the roadway in repair for a year. He
sent down his best men to lay the stuff
and it -was soon ..down and approved, and
the warrants drawn for 'its payment."
"Yes."
"And then one day Satan sent for him
in a terrible hurry. He hustled down and
what do you suppose? Why. they'd Just
had a batch of new arrivals, legislators
and coiuicllmen, and in warming things ••
up for them they had rushed the temper-
make the frozen custard for dessert la
that five-minute icecream, freezer. — Phlla.
delshia Press.
"Never did have any luck." complained
SI Engrone. "I'm. always left out in tha
cofd."
"Never mind." replied Job Sctimflter.
"you won't be In the next world."—Phila
delphia Press.
First Duck— I think that young drake Is
very stupid. '
Second Duck— Oh, yes! Ho doesn't know
enough to stay out when It rains. — Puck.
Lady— Oh, how dirty your face Is, little
boy.
Boy— Tes'm: we hain't had no company
for more'n a week. — Judge.
There are now In operation in Italy in
the cotton industry over 20,000 looms and
more than 3.000.000 spindles. Italian-made
cotton goods are now largely exported, es
pecially to South America.
T? T was a certain Wednesday evening
j that Mr. Bowser not out a volume of
il his encyclopedia lettered "D, E. F."
and begran a close search. After a
quarter of an hor.r Mrs. Bowser asked
what particular thing he was looking for.
and h*> replied*
"I was looking: up the name 'De Rubini.'
but I den't seem to find It here. It's
mighty singular, too, as he was such a
well-known person."
"The name seems to be Italian-"
"Yes: it Is."
On Thursday evening Mr. Bowser had
another search, but with the same vain
result, and. Mrs. Bowser's curiosity be
ing- aroused, she asked why he had a par
ticular reason for finding out about. De
Rubini.
"I— I Just happened to want to know,"
he replied in some confusion. "We had
a little dispute about him over at the of
fice the other day. Did you ever happen
to see hla name on a picture?"
"I don't think so. In fact. I never saw
it anywhere that I remember. What was
he— a celebrated conspirator?"
Mr. Bowser looked at her over his
glasses In pitying- contempt.
"Or was he an assassin?"
Mr. Bowser looked at her agraln with in
creased pitj;, followed by a «mile of lofty
superiority, and he 'put away his volume
before saying:
"It's a wonder you don't ask whether
Christopher Columbus was a circus clown
or a windmill arent."
"But I asked you about De Rubini," she
said.
"T-e-s. Well, De Rubini was De Ru
blnl. If you were brought up in a farm
house where they didn't know Shakes
peare from Dan Rice and If you attended
e. country school where the teacher put
(Copyright, 1901. bv C. B. Lewis.)
Poet -I left a poem here the" other day.
Do you think you can use it?
Editor — I have already. It came in so
handy. I simply had to.
Poet (gasping joyfully)— Ah!
Editor— While I was writing my last
editorial I ran out of copy paper; your
poem, being- written on one. side of the
paper Only, just helped me out.— Catholic
Standard and Times.
, Mrs. Jones (reading) — People who make
matches acquire a fatal disease of the
jaw. Did you know that?
Mr. JoDes— No: but I know the poor
chap who falls a victim to their match
making-usually gets it in the neck.— Judge-.
"You «ee that prosperous looking man,
over there? He robbed me of the best
chance of becoming rich I ever had."
"How did it happen?"
"He refused to let me marry his daugh
ter."—Detroit Free Press.
' Mistress — Remember. Bridget, we want
dinner served promptly at 6. What time
is it now?
Bridget— "Its 3 o'clock, Joost.
ilistreis— Well, you'd better begin, to
ature to 42a Fahrenheit— and every blessed
scrap of that asphalt had melted and run
into the sewer!"— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
/'Only a daub done by some houne
painter and fixed up to look ancient.
Dear at a dollar. De Rubini probably
lives in a garret and eats garlic. But
hang her up. old boy, -and give the hens a
6how. Bring your hammer back to-mor
row." . .. ; - ' . . • •
Mrs. Bowser was listening over the bal
uster. When the door shut behind the
neighbor she heard that picture come off
the chair. She heard Mr. Bowser kick the
"W-whyr*
"Been buying an old master, eh?" quer
ied the caller as he looked at the picture.
"Say, Bowser, you must have wanted a
picture for the hencoop."
• "Over a dollar! Daub!" b* ¦ almost
shrieked as be waved, hie armi around.
"Woman, ascerd to your room! By the
great, horn spoon, but I feel like -boxing:
your ears! Move! Get up stairs!".
.- Mrs. Dowser moved, and the cat was
so tickled that she rolled over and over
and seemed to choke. As Mr. .Bowser
stood there he would have made a great
picture of "Indignation Let Loose." but
before he could swear over five times the
doorbell rang, and he'admltted his neigh
bor, who wanted to borrow a hammer.
Xero, Socrates, Queen Victoria and ' in
Mahoney into a bag together, yd are
not exactly, to blame for It, but It seems
as if you might have picked up a. few
things since marrying me. I have , no
doubt that every other woman on, this
block knows all about De Rubini's won
derful works, masterpieces of the divine
art -" ¦
Nothing further was said, but on the
next evening, just as dinner was conclud
etf, the doorbell rang, and a dark /aced,
longhaired man whose breath smelled of
fresh roasted peanuts and who had grime;
on his nose entered the hall. He bore a
large oil portrait of a man dressed In
ancient costume, wearing a cocked hat
and. a sword and looking as if he were out
for a barrel of blood.
VSignor Bpwser," said the peanut man,
"I : haf broughta da, plctur to maka you '.
happy.". .. ...,•_ .... - - '
'Mr. Bowser handed him over several,
greenbacks and bowed him out, and
lugged the painting. back to Mrs.' Bowser
"in the. sitting-room." He placed a .chair :
"Oh, yes. Then De Rublnl was & great
painter," wan he?"
"Ti.e greatest on earth and probably tho
most eccentric. When he had palnied
about a dozen pictures he stopped work
and wouM taInt no more Thls ls one of
his few gems, and it may be said to be
".priceless"." 1 '."': " '
"But what are you doing with a price-
i ess picture?" ; — '
"Mrs. Bowser, did: you never hear of
such a thing as a man being hard up,
overtaken" by misfortune, obliged to sell
h4s all? This happens to be a caae of it.
It was, 'either starve and freeze or sell.
MR. BOWSER'S TRIBULATIONS
THE t CALL.
*:
11THE- SUNDAY CALL.
12Continued on Fago Fourteen*
They will alternate in watches,. will guard
him -when he sleeps, be near .him at all
public receptions' and close, at hand when
he drives in the public streets.' •,,',;,* ;/
•.On Monday, May 20, at 10 ; a:.m.', the
President. will bid adieu to San Francisco,
Journeying via Niles to Stockton, reaching
there at ) 1 :15 in the afternoon. ' He will
remain in Stockton . two - hours ' and ' then
go on ."to.- Sacramento,' arriving i at the
capital, of .the State.at 4:45p. m..: Hewill
spend the ¦ first | half j of the j night ] there;
partaking of the city's hospitality,' and
wiiriea've shortly * after midnight, raaking
his next 1 public appearance at Redding. at
8:30 a." m. Tuesday morning. After ten
minutes spent at Redding the' train will
pull out -at 1:15- in ; the "afternoon. The
Oregon line -'will be crossed about -4:30 p.
m. and Ashland. will .be. reached^ at 6:45 p.
m. After a* flfteen-mlnute, stop the; train
will ' continue.'; the next 1 stop ', being at ' Sa
lem, the capital of Oregon,, the party, be
ing due there at 9 a. m. Wednesday, May
22. : The President will then Journey on to
Portland, ''arriving . there , ai : 2:15 ' p.". m.': the
same, afternoon.'-*: ¦-¦..''.',¦ ¦•<">.'¦ : i-*i • "
The President's Long Journey.
The President, will -then have traveled
4922 milea by rail, which is more than half
the total trip .„ r j : ; -, . J
.. Former Senator :Cartera£d^Mr.:Bache,
representing , the transportation , company
of ; the .Yellowstone*. Park; ' have '"arranged
for.-ithe " trip 'throagrh Hhe'.park. j Usually,
the YellowBtone reservation is not open to
Car Named "Imperial" Is
Quickly Declared Un
available.
SPECIAL TRAIN
V FOR PRESIDENT
CHICAGO, April 13.— A magnificent spe
cial train for the use of President Me-
Kinley and party on the trip to the Pa
cific Coast is being prepared here. Tha
train is to consist of five cars— three fur
nished by the Pullman Company and two
by' the Southern Pacific. The^- special ia
to be in Washington by April 20 to await
the convenience of the President.
The first car set apart for the President's
personal use has been sidetracked for tha
very good reason that lt bears the name
"Imperial" In bright gold letters on its
sides. When those in charge of the train
arrangements caught sig-ht of this name
it did not take long to decide that another
-ir with a less significant name would ba
more acceptable and the "Olympia" was
ordered here 1 from the Pacific Coast. The
"Imperial" and "Olympia" are two of tho
most Bumptuous and' luxurious cars built
by the Pullman Company and there 13 no
choice between them. ;
The" Olympia. is seventy feet longr and
has five private rooms, a spacious obser
vation room and accommodations for
cuisine and servants' quarters. The din
ing and observation room is seventeen feet
long and is furnished in vermilion. The
carpet3, upholstery and hangings are
heavy and rich. .The private rooms are
lunch there, proceeding in the afternoon
to Helena, where dinner will be had. The
party will reach the park on. the. morning
of May 29 and spend three days traveling
through it. . In , this ~ brief time all the,
features of. the reservation' cannot be
visited and several of the famous geysers
will necessarily be missed. But the plan
is to hav»'the party see the best of the
scenery and. the- most -picturesque, of. the
great natural wonders. Upon leaving the
park on the evening of May 31 the party
will double back to Anaconda and thence
southward for Salt Lake City. The Kan
sas itinerary will include stops at Topeka,
Emporia, Ottawa, Baldwin; Lawrence and
possibly Junction City.
The Ohio Party.
At Colorado Springs.
x Arrangements for the trip of the Ohio
delegation in Congress to San Francisco
upon the occasion of the launching of the
battleship Ohio are practicalfy completed.
The delegation will leave Cincinnati at
11:30 a. m., May 7,' for-- New Orleans,
whence they will proceed to San Fran
cisco over the Southern! Pacific. After
the launching tney will go north 'to Port
land and Seattle and, return over . the
Northern Pacific, -arriving • In Columbus
about June. It is understood that neither
Senator Hanna nor Senator Foraker will
accompany .. the party. • . The - Represen ta
tives who will. not go are Messrs. Burton,
Weaver, Van . Voorhees , and Kerr.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., April 13.—
Mayor^John R. Robinson, as chairman of
the general .committee . on .entertaining
President McKinley ; during' the latter'a
two '. days"_; visit In'. Colorado Springs, June
6 and 7, announced to-day that the Presi
dent had consented to lay the cornerstone
same afternoon,. the party will reach San
Luis Obispo at 6:30 o'clock. After three
quarters of an hour at . San Luis Obispo
the train will pull 'out for Monterey,
reaching thereat 2 a. m. Saturday, and
the whole of Sunday will be spent at the
Del Monte Hotel, and Monday, May 13, the
President will start north, spending ten
minutes at Pajaro and three-quarters of
an hour at Santa Cruz. The President
and his party will Inspect the big .trees
in the Santa . Cruz . Mountains .. and .will
leave Santa Cruz at noon. San Jos"e will
be reached at 2:30, the afternoon and
evening being spent there. At 9 , o'clock
Tuesday "morning the Garden City will be
left behind, and traveling up through the
rich Santa Clara Valley the President, will
be able to see what a picturesque country
the .old Franciscan fathers selected as
their home early in the century. Arriving-,
at Palo Alto at. 11:30 a. m., the President
will be greeted ~ by, hundreds of strong
lunged college boys, j whose is
sure to.bewarm and spontaneous, to say
the least.' Burlingame will -be -reached at
noon. The President '-will take lunch
there. Leaving Burlingame at 3 o'clock,
Mr. ; McKinley. will come directly, to San
Francisco, • reaching the Third and Town
send street depot at 3:40. He will go di
rectly to the residence of Henry T. Scott,
at the corner of Laguna'and Clay streets.
The -San Francisco programme has not
been definitely . arranged,' but during the
President's sojourn here, from Tuesday,
May 14, until Monday, May 20, the follow
ing; entertainments' and receptions will be
given, possibly in the following order: ;
Monday evening, banquet by the Ohio So
ciety ; Tuesday, ¦ reception to : the public , In the
Mechanics' Pavilion ; .."Wednesday, • the, launch
ins of the : battleship > Ohio at ; the .; Union Iron
Works, to be followed by a banquet at the Pal
ace Hotel ;.Thursday, a trip on the bay, during
which all the forts ,wlll T be visited. • ¦;
It Is more than. possible that the Presi
dent ¦will be" tendered a review at.the
Presidio. The'itineiary having been only
OFFICIAL ITINERARY OF THE PRESIDENTIAL. TOUR. MAP SHOWS
THE (PLACES THAT WILL BE VISITED BY THE NATION'S CHIEF
EXECUTIVE AND PARTY IN THEIR 10,500-MILE TRIP.
MONDAY, April 29.
•£/v. Washington 1 0 :3O a.m.
Ar. Charlottesville .. 1:21p.m.
Lv. Charlottesville . . 1:25 p.m.
Ar. Lynchhursr . ... . . <3:11 p.m.
Lv. Lynchbnrgr ":!£«> p.m.
Ar. Roanoke 5:20 p.m.
Lv. Roanoke 5:25 p.m.
Ar. Bristol . .' . . . 1O:.%5 p.m.
Lt. Bristol (Cent. Tlme).lO:DO p.m.
TUESDAY; April 3O.
Ar. Memphis ........ 4:3O p.m.
WEDNESDAY, May 1.
Lr. Memphis 1 . 1 «3O «•*»•
Ar. Vlclcshuric " 8«3O a.m.
Lv. Vicksburc ..... .10:00 a.m.
Ar. Jackson . 11:15 a.m.
Lv. Jackson ....... .11:30 a.m.
Ar. New Orleans .... 4:3O p.m.
THURSDAY, May 2. '
Lv. Xew Orleans . . •" . «:OO p.m.
FRIDAY, May 3.
Ar. Houston , 8:3O a.m.
Lv. Houston ....... .IOjOO aim.
Ar. Prairie View. .... 1.1 «S5 a.m.
Lv. Prairie View.. .. .11:35 a.m.
Ar. Hempstead 12:1O p.m.
Lv. Hempstead 12:15 p.m.
Ar. Austin 4:45 p.m.
Lv. Austin .10:00 p.m.
SATURDAY, May 4.
Ar. San Antonio ' 1:15 a.m.
Lt. Sam Antonio 12:00 m.
SUITOAY, May 5. .
Ar. El Paso 9:OO a.m.
MONDAY, May 0.
Lv. El Paso .......... 12 :OO m.
Ar. Demlng '.. 2:45 p.m.
Lt. Deminjr ......... 2:50p.m.
WEDNESDAY, May 8.
A_r. Rcdl&nda S:OO a.m.
TUESDAY, May 7.
Ar. Maricopa ....... 1 i3O a.m.
Lt. Maricopa ....... 1 :35 a.m.
Ar. Phoenix 3:!{O a.m.
Lv. Phoenix SiOO a.m.
Ar. Maricopa ....... o :45 p.m.
Lv. Maricopa 6:50 p.m.
Lv. Redlantls 12:00 m.
Ar. Los Anrceles 2:3O p.m.
FRIDAY, May 10.
SATURDAY, May 11.
Lv. Los Angeles ..... 6:OO a.m.
Ar. SnngrttN . 7«1O a.m.
Lv. Sanaus 7:15 a.m.
Ar. S. Buenaventura.. 0:05 a.m!
Lv. S. Buenaventura.. 9:45 a.m.
Ar. ?anta. Barbara.. .10:45 a.m.
Lv. Santa Barbara. .. 3:00 p.m.
Ar. San Luln Obfnpo... 0:30 p.m.
Lv. San Luis Obispo... 7:15 p.m.
Ar. Del Monte 2:00 a.m.
MONDAY, May 13.
Lv. Del Monte 8:00 a.m.
Ar. Pajaro . . S:5O a.m.
Lv. . Pajaro » :OO a.m.
Ar. Santa Cruz 0:45 a.m.
Lv. Santa Crnz .10:00 a.m.
Ar. Blar Trees. ...... ,10i25 a.m.
Lv. BIk Tree* ll:OOa.m.
Ar. Santa Crm 11:25 a.m.
Lv. Santa Cruz. .... .12:00 m.
Ar. San Joie 2iSOp.ni.
TUESDAY, May 14. '
Lv. San Jose.. OiOO a.m.
Ar. Palo Alto . SiSO a.m.
Lv. Palo Alto.'. ..... .llt3O a.m.
Ar. Bnrlingrame .... .12:00 m.
Lv. Bnrlingrame * . . . : . '3:00 p.m.
Ar. San Fraaclico... 3i4O p.m.
MONDAY, May 20.
Lt. San Francisco. . .lOtOO a.m.
Ar. Stockton v. Klles.. 1:15 p.m.
Lv. Stockton 3:15 p.m.
Ar. Sacramento ..... 4:15 p.m.
TUESDAY, May 21.
Lv. Sacramento .. . . .12K>5 a.m.
Ax. Reddlngr S:»O a.m.
V.v. Redding • 8«4O a.m.
Ar. Sinsons .\. ....... X:in p.m.
Lv. SlHsona ......... 1 »2O p.m.
Ar. Ashland .*. .... . . ¦ 0:45 p.m.
I/T. Ashland ........ 7:OO p.m.
WEDNESDAY, May 1S2. .
Ar. Salem ........... 9 :00 a.m.
Lv.* Salem .......... 12:OO - m.
Ar. -Portland ........ 2:15 p.m.
HOW THE PRESIDENT WILL
JOURNEY FROM OCEAN TO OCEAN
i»« fcfr. RESIDENT McKINLErS
U gk itinerary of his coming
9 JW estern tri P was officially
as *^*^ given out yesterday by Prl
; vate Secretary Cortelyou and
«3k. has been sent over the wires
from ocean to ocean. The
arranging of this -lo-ur has
"been the work of days and weeks of con
scientious labor by the President, his at
tachjes and the representative citizens of
the various places that the head of the
American nation will visit.
The sullen roar of commercial traffic will
nubslfie with the approach of the Presi
dential train in large cities; factories will
clcss down and the wage earner will be
g-lvpn a respite to welcome the distin
guished visitor. Arches will be erected In
mar.y cities and at every stopping place
the strongest efforts will be used to make
the visit of the President entirely pleasing
lo him.
Departure From "Washington.
The President will leave Washington,
X>. C, on Monday, April 29, at 10:30 a. m.
In a special train of several handsomely
appointed cars. The run will be made
through Chariot tesvllle, Lynchburg and
Roar.oke, the train arriving in Memphis
Tuesday afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. The
train will lie there until 1:30 a.' m. Wed
nepcay morning, when the party will re
sume travel, stopping at Vicksburg and
Jackson. New Orleans will be reached
the same afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. , In the
evening President McKinley will be ten
dered a reception in the metropolis cf the
South and will spend the next day. view
ing the city. Thursday evening he will
leave New Orleans and commence his trip
directly West, traveling into Texas and
arriving at Houston on Friday morning
at 8:30 o'clock. Two hours will be spent In
that city and the Presidential party will
then pass through Prairie View and
Hempstead. Austin will have the honor
of entertaining President McKinley for a
few hours In the afternoon and evening.
At 1:15 Saturday morning the train will
pull Into San Antonio, and that the resi
dents of that city may have no chance to
claim that they were slighted the Presi
dent will remain there until noon of Sat
tjrday. El Paso will be reached at 9 o'clock
Sunday morning. The President will at
tend divine service there and spend the
day quietly. All receptions and demon
strations will be reserved until the fol
lowing morning. The residents of El Paso
will have ample time to show their ap
preciation and loyalty to the President,
as he will not leave there until noon of
Monday. Passing through Arizona Tues
day, the distinguished visitor will be near-
Ing the California border. He will reach
the Southern Pacific Company track at
Maricopa, Ariz., and will then travel on
this corporation's roadbeds until he ar
rives at Portland, Or.
Accept th.e First Hospitality of Cali
fornia. -::*'¦-
On Wednesday morning. May 8, Presi-
dent McKinley will cross the State line
and enter California. He will be met by
Governor Gage, who will be supported by
his staff, and formally welcomed to this
State. Redlands will be reached at 9 a,
m., and the President will there receive
his first public reception In California. He
will remain there until noon and then
journey to Los Angeles, arriving there at
2:30 p. m. He will remain In Los Angeles
until Friday morning, early. There will
be a public procession through the streets
of Los Angeles on Thursday and a recep
tion In the evening.
"Will Inspect Big Trees.
; Eaug-js and San Buenaventura are the
next two points that the President will
reach. He will spend forty minutes in
the latter city. Santa Barbara will be
reached at' 10:45 Friday morning-, and Mr.-
McKinley will there witness a street car
nival typical of. Southern California.
Leaving Santa Barbara at 3 ' o'clock the
officially announced yesterday the definite I
plans for the ; events here have not been
fully determined upon. '• '.[
I>etectives to Guard President. • v
Two detectives will ! be detailed from j the
moment the distinguished guest arrives
Inside the county limits until he- leaves.
tourists until the middle of June, owing:
to the fact that the park Is at an elevation
of 7000 feet and Is nof completely clear
of snow, until that date. For this occasion,
however, It will be opened this year a
fortnight earlier. The Presidential party
will reach Butte, Mont., May 28 and will
Factories Will Close Down That Wage Earners May
Greet the Chief Executive=«Magnificent Special '§£.
ITINERARY OF PRESIDENTIAL TOUR OFFICIALLY
ANNOUNCED PROVIDES FOR VISITS TO MANY CITIES
AND POINTS OF NATIONAL INTEREST IN THE WEST
Pages 13 to 22
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 14, 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 135.
for the new $100,000 T. M. C. A. tmlldln?
now In progress of construction. The cere
mony will occur June 6. During President
McKInley's stay here tbe time outside o£
the ceremonies j In connection with the
cornerstone laying will be spent In sight
seeing. */."':'!
Pages 131022
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Montana Senator's Attorney Asks for
Release From Responsibility as
ITINERARY OF, PRESIDENTIAL TOUR.
/ a Bond Surety.
HELENA. Mont., April 13.—Counsel for
United States Senator W. A. Clark and
his son, Charles W. Clark, late this after
noon filed a petition In the Supreme Court
praying for an order releasing them from
further responsibility as sureties on the
bond of P. Augustus Heinze in the famous
Pennsylvania case. Their aggregate lia
bility on the bond, which was given to se
cure the Boston and Montana Company,
is $375,000.
The Clarks say that Heinze by false
representations as to the value of his as
sets induced them to go on his bond. They
will make a similar application on the
same ground in the Federal court on Mon
day for an order releasing them from lia
bility as sureties on other of Heinze's
bonds. The liability of Senator Clark and
his son on Heinze's bonds aggregates
about $1,000,000.
Bobbs Ferry Millionaire's Will.
NEW YORK, April 13.—The last will of
the late James J. McComb, the millionaire
of Dobbs Ferry, was filed to-day. No esti
mate of the value of the estate is glve.i.
There are no public bequests and the es
tate nearly all goes to relatives. The sum
of $3000 is set aside annually for the edu
cation of the three daughters and son of
his deceased sister, Mrs. Martha M.
Beaumont, late wife of Duncan BeaUmont
of Sacramento, Cal.
Continued from Page Thirteen.
FRENCH HATRED
FOR GERMANS
HAS VANISHED
This Is ; Shown by the
Big Demonstrations
at Toulon, .
Editor Cofnely of the Figaro
Tells of 'the Wonderful
- Change in Ten Years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, April 13.— J. Comely, editor of
the Figaro, says: "If any one ten years
ago had predicted to the French that the
day would come ' when Italian sailors
would be acclaimed at Toulon, when the
uncle of the King at the head of a squad
ron would pay a visit to the President of
the republic and would be received with
enthusiasm, that person would have pass
ed for a lunatic. At that moment the
Italians had not recognized their error in
believing that France had the slightest
intention of restoring the temporal power
of . the Pone and that the French would
never pardon their alliance with Ger
many. They were making a commercial
war behind the scenes and the two na
tions detested one another. . '
"Those unhappy days have passed, and
Italy has no longer any fear of our in
tervention, and we, on our own side,, no
longer wish harm to the ally of Germany,
for, at bottom, -we no longer hate Ger
many. Our soldiers are fighting side by
side with- theirs and our capitalists are
disputing who will lend Germany money.
"The Franco-Italian demonstration la
therefore a happy event, received sympa
thetically by the press of two worlds. It
is another great success for M. Loubet
and for his Government."
LAWMAKER ATTEMPTS
TO PROVOKE A BATTLE
Sensational Scene in the House of
Commons at Ottawa After a
Denunciatory Speech.
OTTAWA, April 13.— A disgraceful scene
occurred in the House of Commons last
night, Talbot, Liberal member for Belle
chase, attempting to assault N. Clarke
Wallace, who was Comptroller of Cus
toms in the late Conservative Govern
ment, as he was leaving- his seat in the
Chamber. Wallace had laid his walking
cane on his desk and Talbot attempted to
seize it to strike Wallace, but was pre
vented by several members who divined
his Intent. • • .
Wallace took the matter coolly. The
cause of the trouble was a scoring of Tal
bot by Wallace at yesterday's meeting.
ITAXY MAY MODIFY
THE DREIBUND TREATY
Fetes at Toulon Are Expected to Have
Effect on the Triple ,
Alliance. ' - .
ST. PETERSBURG. April 13.— The No-
voe/ Vremya, 'whyefynot anticipating a
French-Italian, alliance as an outcome of
the Toulon festivities, thinks the friend
ship there affirmed will cause Italy to
modify the text of: the Dreibund treaty
so as to oe not so inimical to France.
The paper considers the recent fetes to'
be a pacific demonstration, especially
pleasing because one of the participants
Is a member of the Dreibund, which, al
though not pursuing warlikejaims, main
tains peace by methods no less oppressive
than war.
EXPL0B.EH WEIiLMAN"
COMING TO AMERICA
LONDON, April 13.— Walter Wellman
'sailed for New York to-day from South
ampton on board the American line steam
er £t. Louis, after a visit to Norway,
where he 'inspected the steamer Magda
lena, now being refitted at the yards
where Dr. Nansen's -- Fram was built.
Wellman said the Magdalena will sail for
the Arctic regions this year or next,
"but," he added, "1 do not know whether
I shall command her or not." .
Wellman says there is no truth in the
report that Dr. Nansen and the Duke of
Abruzzi are going on an expedition to
gether. Dr. Nansen has no Arctic plans
on hand, while the EKike of Abruzzi Is at
present confining his ambition to the
Antarctic regions. '
Improvement for Naval Station.
j WASHINGTON. April 13.— Bids were
opened at the Bureau of Yards, and
Docks, Navy Department, to-day for the
construction of an equipment building at
the Pug-et Sound naval station. The low
est bid was that of R. A. Griefen of Chi
cago, at $139,400. The contract has not yet
been awarded.
•
French. Miners May Strike.
LENS, Department of Pas de Calais,
France, April 13.— The Miners' Congress
has voted in favor of a general strike if
the men locked out at Montceau les Mines
are not reinstated -within ten days, pro
vided a majority of the French miners
vote In favor of a strike.
If You Save Dyspepsia
8end nomoney.but write Dr.e>hoop,R&cine,Wls. (
boxl37,for six bottles of Dr.Shoop's Restorative;
express paid. If cured, pay $5.50 — if not.it is frea*
Chancellor Starts for Berlin.
VENICE, April 13.— Count von Bulow,
the Imperial Chancellor of Germany,
started for Berlin to-day by way of
Munich. ¦
NEW ORLEANS, April 13.— Judge Par
lapge in the United States District Court
to-day handed down a decision dismissing
the suit brought by the Boer representa
tives here to prevent the shipment of
mules and horses out of New Orleans to
the British army in South Africa.
Judge Parlange holds that the transac
tions between citizens of - the -.United
States and the British Government "were
conducted under the order of private citi
zenship, and that the courts had abso
lutely no jurisdiction to interfere. -' The
horses and mules, the court said, were
bought in a neutral territory. Judge Par
lange continues: "If the complainants
could be heard to assert here rights "per
sonal to themselves in the treaty invaded,
and if the mules and horses involved in
this cause are munitions of war, all of
which is disputed by the defendants, it
would become necessary to- determine
whether the United States .intended by
the declaration of the treaty (of Washing
ton of May, 1S71) to subvert the well es
tablished principle of international law
that the private citizens of a neutral na
tion can lawfully sell supplies to bellig
erents. The principle that neutral citi
zens may lawfully sell to belligerents has
lonsr since been settled in this country by
the highest judicial authority."
Judge Parlance Decides That Citizens
of a Neutral Nation Can Law- .
fully. Sell Supplies to
Bsllifjerents.
Cannot Prevent the Ship
ment of Mules and Horses
From New Orleans.
BOERS LOSE CASE
IN FEDERAL COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCOV CALL., SUNDAY, APRIL 14, 1901.
by' cable to the call,.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
STEWARD FINDS
MISSING GOLD
Bars of Precious Metal Not
Taken Prom Atlantic
the Wilhelm. der Grosse They
Were Hidden Behind a
Cornice.
Whea. Removed From Specie Room of
NEW YORK, April 13.— Oelrichs & Co.,
agents for the North German Lloyd
Steamship Company, received a cable
gram to-day rully confirming a report
from Bremen of the recovery of the gold
stolen from the specie room of the Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grossc. The cablegram
Elves no details beyond the fact' that the
g-oM was discovered c-u the ship by a.
eteward and had been turned over to the
figents of the company. Herman Winter
of Oelricha & Co. said:
"Yes. we have found the sold, and now
to get the thief or thieves. We will make
& most searching investigation. It seems
dear that whoever took the gold either 1
lacked the opportunity to get it ashore or
fulled in courage. My advices give no in
formation as to the circumstances of the
discovery and do not Indicate that any
one is euspected."
The National City Rank, consignor of
the gold, was also notined of Its lecovery.
The finding of the gold on the ship cre
ates the impression that some member of
the crew was the thief, but the absence
of detail* leaves the matter- open.
BREMEN. April 13.— The eold bars were
discovered behind a- cornice in the corri
dor outside of the second-class saloon by
Steward Magers. Th« police have re
cpened their investigations.
PLANTER SLAIN
AND DAUGHTERS
ARE KIDNAPED
French Gunboat Sent to
Avenge Acts of Pi
rates of Morocco.
Natives Loot a Small Steamer,
Kill the Men and Carry
; Off the Women. \ !
Special Dispatch to The Call,
PARIS, April 13.— The French Govern
ment has Just dispatched a gunboat to
Tanglers to demand swift reparation for
an outrage perpetrated by Morocco pi
rates last week upon some tourists from
Oran, Algiers.
Paul Pouzet, a wealthv planter of the
Algerian colony, accompanied by • two
daughters, aged 18 and 20 years, respect
ively, and the husband of an elder daugh
ter, went on a shootlns expedition on a
email chartered steamer near the Rocks
of Riff, Morocco. Native pirates board
ed the vessel during the night, killed the
owners of the steamer and one of the
crew, looted the craft and kidnaped the
two girls, whose whereabouts ,. is now
unknown. The crime .'s causing great ex
citement along the Algerian coast.
PAYMENT IS REFUSED
FOE, ATTACHES' LIQUORS
Comptroller of the Treasury Will Not
Allow Claim, for Money Spent
in Cuba,*
"WASHINGTON, April 13. — The Comp
troller of the Treasury has reaffirmed a
¦decision of hie office disallowing a claim
for JC28 from Lieutenant Colonel J. W.
Jacobs, deputy quartermaster general.
The original decision of the Comptroller
-of June 30, 1S99, disallowed the amount
lor the reason that It was "expended with
out authority of law for subsistence,
¦wines and liquors furnished foreign mili
tary attaches accompanying the army into
the field." A rehearing was sought some
•time afterward, but denied. The "case is
now reopened, but the claim is again dis
-ailowed.
On June 30, 1898, General Shafter, who
¦was then at Tampa, telegraphed the Sec
retary of War that representatives of the
foreign governments had come to him
with proper credentials permitting them
to accompany the army of the United
States.
General Shafter said that he desired to
entertain these officers in the manner due
their position and for this purpose he re
quested that $2000 of the contingent fund
of the army be placed to the credit of his
aid de camp Lieutenant J. P. Miley. The
Secretary of War ar»i>roved the request
and a warrant for $2000 was sent to Coio
3iel Jacobs, as chief quartermaster, for
disbursement, the money being expended
tinder the verbal direction of General
61iaf ter. The Comptroller decided that the
expenditure was entirely illegal and in the
Teamrmation of his decision ears:
"There is no provision of law in any of
the specific or general appropriations for
the army which au^.onzes tho military
authorities to Invite foreign attaches to
be the guests of the Government in time
of war and hence their fare and mainte
nance do not appear to be necessary,
usual or appropriate to the objects for
•which the appropriation was made."
MILLS CLOSING DOWN
AND OPERATIVES IDLE
Dull Cotton Market Causes Several
Corporations to Suspend Opera
tions in Massachusetts.
LOWELL,. Mass.. April 13.—The 2300
operatives of the Massachusetts Cotton
Milla were notified to-day not to return to
•work until April 22. The entire plant will
be closed on account of the dull market.
The Tremont and Suffolk Cotton Mills
have laid off three-fourths of the opera
tives for an indefinite time. In all 6000
operatives will be idle in this city next
week.
FALL RIVER, Mass., April 13.—About
17.000 employes of the cotton mills In this
city were notified to-day that there would
be no work next week. The suspension
•will be the most general of any week
since the decision to curtail production
¦was made. About twenty-five corpora
tions, owning some forty mills, nearly the
number in the sj'ndicate agreement, will
etop. This will decrease the production
by 200.000 pieces, and means a loss In
wages to the operatives of about $100,000.
Captain in Signal Corps.
WASHINGTON. April 13.—Otto Nesmith
of California has been appointed captain
In the Signal Corps, regular army.
BRITISH FIRMS HAVE
NO CATTSE TO COMPLAIN
All Were Given an Equal Chance in
Competition for the Telephone
Contracts.
LONDON, April 13.— The London man
ager of the American company which has
received the contract to Install -new tele
phone apparatus for the British Govern
ment in an Interview with a correspond
ent to-day regarding the press allegations
that the company is receiving half of the
£2,000,000 appropriated by Parliament
Without fair, competition or giving a
chance to the British firms said:
"Our contract does not reach anything
like £1,000,000. The cables we are install
ing were made by British labor at our
works at Woolwich. Only materials which
are absolutely unsecurable here are being
imported from America. The British post
office authorities and all persons connect
ed with telephonic construction in Great
Britain and on the Continent admit that
these are far ahead of any made on this
side. The greater part of the appropria
tion of £2,000,000 will be spent in breaking
up roads and similar work. The British
firms had a fair show and it was only
when it was found they were unable to
provide the materials that the postoffice
here dealt with an American firm."
MORGAN WTLh NOT DO
BUSINESS IN ETTROPE
New York Financier Says He Has
No Commercial Flans on the
Continent. '
LONDON. April 13.—J. P. Morgan reit
erated to-day that his visit to Europe is
not 'connected with the United States
Steel Corporation or any new enterprise.
"I have no special business here," said
Morgan, "but came here, as I come every
year, for rest. The report that I am here
to place eteel stock in England and on
the Continent is almost too ridiculous to
contradict. The report contradicts itself
to any one who will take the trouble to
think. The stock which the United States
Steel Corporation issues in exchange for
the various companies it has taken over Is
in the hands of the original holders of the
stock of those companies. These various
companies and neither the steel corpora
tion nor J. P. Morgan & Co., have any
stock to sell."
In regard to the Continent and the anx
iety with which Berlin is said to be wait-
Ing his arrival, Morgan said:
"I am going to AIx before returning.
But this is the present extent of my plans
for the Continent. I may go to Berlin,
but certainly not on business so far as I
know at present."
Railroad Deadlock Is Ended.
LONDON, April 13.—It is understood
that the deadlock between the under
ground railroads is ended and that a con
tract has been signed, by the terms of
which both systems will be simultane
ously equipped with electric power. The
Globe, commenting on the foregoing state
ment, says that wlille Charles T. Yerkes
will not be back in England until June it
is understood that immediate steps will
be taken to commence work-
.The members of the Cabinet will accom
pany the President, with the exception of
Secretaries Gage and Root and Attorney
General Knox. the personnel including
Secretary and Mrs. Hay, Postmaster Gen
eral Smith and Miss Smith, Secretary and
Mrs. Long, Secretary and Mrs. Hitchcock
and Secretary and Miss Wilson, Miss
Mary Barber, Henry T. Scott, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles A. Moore, Secretary an<J
Mrs. Cortelyou, Dr. and Mrs. Rixey, As
sistant Secretary Barnes, M. A. Dignan,
several stenographers, , representative* of
the press associations, three illustrated
weeklies and the Washlngton'dailies. The
party will also be accompanied by Mr.
Marean, manager of the Western Union
Telegraph Company at Washington, and
Mr. Ribble, manager of the Postal Tele
graph Cable Company.
The total distance traveled will b« about
10,500 miles, the party crossing twenty
three States and Territories and touching
the Gulf of Mexico, the Pacific Ocean and
the Great Lakes. Twenty-seven railroads
are embraced In the itinerary. Wherever
feasible the State capitals will b« visited.
A -feature of the trip will be ' a substitu
tion of drives for receptions, thus more
WASHINGTON, April 13.— The Presi
dent and party will have a train consist
ing of a private car for the President and
Mrs. McKinley, two. Pullman compart
ment cars, two Pullman sleepers, a dining
car and a combination car. Colonel I*.
S. Brown, general • agent of the Southern
Railway, will 'accompany the party from
here to New Orleans and from New Or
leana to Portland, Or., the party will be
accompanied by E. O. McCormlck, pas
senger traffic manager of the j Southern
Pacific lines.
net Coming With
President.
Several Members of Cabi-
ADVISERS WILL
ACCOMPANY Hin
finished in maple, mahogany and koko.
and have large- brass<«beds, for
steamer trunks, separate toilet rooms and
lar.se mirrors and wardrobes. -
The two Pullman compartment cars for
other members of the Presidential party
are of the most approved pattern. They
are fitted with luxurious staterooms and
have observation and . library sections.
The Southern Pacific Company will send* a
composite car, having a baggage-room,
bathroom, barber shop, buffet and library
section, and a splendidly equipped dining
car. _
PARIS, April 13.— Details of the total
disappearance of the Italian village of
Vaglio in the Etruscan Apennines during
tha nierht of March 23 are given by the
Figaro. Only four Inhabitants escaped. It
seems that a slight sliding movement of
the upper part of the mountain had been
noticed a fortnight before, but the vil
lagers, after recovering from their terror
returned to their homes, convinced that
tho danger was past.
About midnight, when, everybody was
asleep, the fatal landslide occurred, car
rying tho whole village to the bottom of
the narrow, valley. The river, being
blocked, rose rapidly and soon flooded
everything. The village cemetery was
upheaved and a lot of coffins were washed
down,, the skeletons startling th« Inhab
itants of other places below.
When an Investigation was atarted it
was found that a great snowstorm had;
taken place, covering the entire scene,
four feet deep. _ v: '¦
Champion Tolstoi's Cause.
PARIS, April 13.— M. Diterlx, an ex-cap
taln of the Russian army, whose sister la
the wife of Count Leo Tolstoi's son An
drew, has written an open letter to M.
Pobiedonostzeff, chief procurator of tBe
Holy Synod, which will be published In
the Aurore of Paris/ In this . letter M.
Diterix says he renounces his religion and
nationality on account of the excom
munication of Count Leo Tolstoi. M.
Diterix Is now residing In England.
» ~ ¦ . • >* v.: --"
Court of Arbitration.
THE HAGUE., April 13.— Dr. W. H. de
Beaufort, president of the administrative
council of the permanent court of arbi
tration, has notified all the powers con
cerned that the court is now constituted.
This notification is intended to take the
place of a- formal Installation.' The con
vention has not yet been signed by China,
Luxembourg, Mexico or Turkey.
Russia's Submarine Mines.
LONDON, April ' 13.— Joseph' Chamber
lain's organ, the Birmingham Post; learns
that the Russian Ministers of War and
Marine have issued joint orders ttr the
laying of an extensive system of I subma
rine mines at Port Arthur. Vladivostok
and elsewhere In -those seas.. The appa
ratus leaves Odessa early in May.
ITALIAN" VILLAGE !
SirDES INTO VA1ZLEY
An amusing warfare has broken out be
tween the Kreuz Zeituns and the Kleines
Journal about the real sentiments and ths
political, social and religious creed of Em
peror William. The Klcines Journal Bays
the. Bremen incident made no impression
upon the Emperor, who Is as gay and
energetic as heretofore, while the Kreuz
Zeitung maintains the contrary. Both pa
pers are read by the Fmperor and they
are wording their articles so as to appeal
to the Emperor himself for a decision of
the controversy.
An inquiry made among the recruits for
the German army by a number of officers
showed the existence of gross' ignorance
In the majority of those . examined re
garding public personages and events.
Out of 78 recruits from various parts of
Prussia 21 were unable to give any answer
when Questioned as to who was Emperor
of Germany. Twenty-two of the recruits
questioned designated the Emperor as a
great general; 9 called him a renowned
field marshal: 6 thought him to be the
Minister of War, while 14 of the replies
were approximately correct. Several
thought the late Prince Bismarck was
Emperor, a great poet, a translator of
the Bible, etc.
From statistics It is learned that crime
among adults in Prussia is decreasing,
while juvenile crime is increasing. One
fourth of the criminals sentenced In Prus
sia were drunkards and of 5300 prisoners
in the penitentiaries 1100 were Poles.
At the trial at Elberleld of Chief of
Staff Surgeon Schimrr-el, charged with
freeing for a financial consideration, the
sons of wealthy families from military
service, the accused was found guilty.
The German authorities have been mak
ing extensive trials and experiments since
March 1 near Lindau, on Lake Constance,
with a new type of submarine torpedo
boats. The inventor, who is a civil en
gineer named Gurt, of- the Navy Depart
ment, preserves silence concerning the re
sult of the experiments, but it is ascer
tained that the. trials have been so far
successful.
Juvenile Crime Increases.
The small town- of Tolkemlt,. near, the
Emperor's estate at Civiienen. will be-as
signed a battalion of troops as a garrison
in order to afford the Emperor military
guards when he is at Oadienen. •
The Rhine continues to rise and at Mao
heim twenty-four feet of water is report
ed. The inhabitants of the middle Rhine
country are making preparations to es
cape, the flood. The river Main is rising
because Of the continued rains in the
Lower PYanconia district. ' . •
Rhine Continues to Rise.
The statement published in the Ameri
can press that Germany is making an ex
orbitant claim for Indemnity is ener
getically denied in official circles and of
ficials assured the correspondent that Ger
many's claim is below that of France or
Russia.
Officials deny that Dr. Steubel; formerly
German Consul General at Shanghai, now
director of the Colonial Department, last
month went to London to assist in expe
diting the conclusion of negotiations re
garding the indemnity to be demanded of
China.
It is admitted in official circles that the
majority 6f the indemnity claims have
been formulated at Peking, but not all, so
it is impossible to state the amount of
the total to be demanded.
Emperor William Is expectel at Ham
burg next Monday, there to erreet the re
turned sick and wounded German soldiers
from China. On Aprii-lS the Emperor will
proceed to Kiel to witness the entrance of
his son, Prince Adelbert, into the Ger
man navy. ¦ ' • • • • •
Second Son Enters Navy.
Shortly after the Crown Prince returns
from Vienna he will go, April 24, to Bonn,
on the Rhine, there to be matriculated at
the university. Emperor William, his
father, will, accompany him to Bonn. The
matriculation of the Crown Prince will
take place with solemn ceremonies. The
Emperor intends to stay several days at
Bonn. The Crown Prince will stop at a
hotel there until the villa which the Em
peror has bought from Professor Finkler
and which has been thoroughly renovated
Is ready for occupancy. The Crown Prince
will join the^jstudents' corps of. which
Emperor William was once a member.
¦"BERLIN," April* 13.-Crown Prince Fred-'
erick William proceeds to Vienna in ac
ceptance of an invitation from Emperor
Francis Joseph of Austria. During the
Crown Prince's visit a number of festivi
ties . lasting several ca.ys and including
parades and a large couit ball will be held
In his honor. Emncror Francis Joseph,
during his last stay tn Berlin and more re
cently in Munich, durinp the celebration,
March 2, attending the eightieth birthday
of the Prince Regent of Ba v&xia, conceived
an extraordinary affection for the. Crown
Prince, which he has since testified on a
number of. occasions. The EmDeror of
Austria is especially pleased with the
Crown Prince's modest, frank and unaf
fected bearinc.
German Officials Deny That
* Excessive Demands Are
1 1 Made for Indemnity. ¦
¦Austrian Emperor Very
Fond ol Frederick
William.
CROWN PRINCE
PAYS VISIT TO
FRANCIS JOSEPH
fully accommodating the people than i
would be possible at a short reception. s
m . .
CONTRIBUTIONS
.COME RAPIDLY
Coin for Presidential En
tertainment Being
Collected.
The financial part of the preparations
for the reception to be tendered to Presi
dent McKinley on. his arrival In this city
are -well under -way and subscriDtions axe
coming In with little solicitation. The list
of contributions to /the fund up to 12
o'clock yesterday is as follows:
BANKS.
First National Bank of San Francisco $300
Nwvada National Bank of San Francisco.. 250
London, Paris and American, Limited 230
Crocker-Wool worth National 250
Wells. Fargo & Co.'s Bank , J.. 2.V)
Pank of California 230
Angrlo-Callfornlan, Limited " 130
Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company.........!. 100
Daniel Meyer . ico
London and San Francisco. Limited 100
Hlbernla Savings and Loan ioo
German Savings and Loan ii»
Ban Francisco Savings Union ioo
Union Trust Company or Ban Francisco IOO
San Francisco National Bank 100
Yokohama. Specie Bank. Limited 50
Germania Trust Company SO
Art. Borel tc Co ..... ,,... 50
Mercantile Trust Co. of San, Francisco 50
California. Safe Deposit ¦ and Trust Co 59
Mutual Savings Bank 50
Comptolr National D*Eseompte de Parts... 2">
Humboldt Savings and Loan Society 23
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corpora
tion ; „ „.... 23
French Savings Bank ..•: S3
American Bank and Trust Company of San
Francisco ...:.... 25
Western National Bank of San Francisco.. 2j
.,-:-• INSURANCE COMPANIES!
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company ICO
Commercial Union Assurance Co.. Limited. 100
William McDonald 100
Royal Insurance Company.. ....:..'-... ...•'... ISO
Hartford Fire Insurance Company, • 100
Vott. Conrad & Co ". 100
A- B. Forte* & Son..,...., ;..-*.i... 100
MERCHANTS AND OTHERS.
Jules Levy & Bro... .............. 60
Sachs Broa. & Co '. ra
Buckingham & Hecht " "" M
A. Flelshacker & Co * *"*"" «*
Wakelee & Co '"". «
Son Bros. & Co "* '¦••"••
Bauer Bros. & Co , 20
Carlson. Currier & Co 20
Hlrsehfelder & Meany "*"" M
O. D. Baldwin & Co in
Kahn Bros., Klein & Co in
Rosenthal. Keder & Co "**"" 10
John B*nnett """" * g
W. H. Crlm " 5
S. Sternheim & Sons ." * s
Cash .....'.'.'.'.I s
N. Clark & Sons , . go
Rothchild & Ehrenprort - a>
Pennell, Suydam & Co ., 10
Joseph Wagner Manufacturing Co 10
Hlnz & Plagcmann ji)
Madison. Bruce & Sellers .;.. 2i)
Schwartz & Meyer j>
R. A. Weeks & Co 2f)
Simonda Saw Company 20
Eschen & Minor 25
Olsen & Cook jq
Ensisrn & McGufflck 19
Lewis K. Spear & Co ., 19
American Oil and Paint Company 10
A. P. Lorentzen in
Fred H. FInke 5
De Solla, Deussln* & Co „.. 5
T. C. Neilson ... 5
J. Peterson 5
Peter Harden m 5
De Zenner Bros 5
D. Paolo j
Louis M. Gleschers g
R. Dunsmulr & Sons b
"White Bros B
A friend 5
"W. G. Stafford & Co 3
C. T. Sayce "II 3
N. Peter-Larsen .. j
H. B. Hansen *" %
O. K. Fitch :......... HI! »
McCann. BelcheT & Allen 5
Hoppe & Robinson.................. "* ~
C. U Gtxidard ""* t
Herbert T. Dugan ***** ?
Mrs. J. Wise -^ [
George Walcolnx 1
Cash 1
W. M. Searby .7. .711 1
Gusj^nbelm & Co... S...« SO
Weinstock. Lubln & Co " k
A. J. Rich & Co '.'."'.'." 23
Italian-Swiss Colcny jj
Italian-American Bank ..; jj
Parafnne Paint Company jj
Captain A. C. Free** jq
Gerraaii-Anserican Insurance Company 10
Continental Building and Loan Association. 19
HJrsch £ KaiSer.... jo
"Waterhouse & Prlc« 10
John Finn Metal Wwrln , L 10
• • Craad total ¦- utt ¦¦¦»¦¦ l . < ... ll _ i .H8?l
CLARK IS ANXIOUS
TO BE RID OF HEINZB
14
Hon. W. V. SuMvan, Unit3d Statas Senator From Mississippi.
Hon. W. V. Sullivan. United States Senator from Mississippi, In a letter re-
cently written to Dr. Hartman, from Oxfprd, Miss., says the following of Penina
as a catarrh remedy: ¦»
' "For some time I hays been a sufferer from catarrh tn its most
Incipient stage, so much so that I became alarmed as to my general
health. But, hearing of Peruna as a good remedy, I gave it a fair
trial ana soon began to improve. Its effects were distinctly bene-
ficial, removing the annoying symptoms, and it was particularly good
as a tonic.
"I take pleasure in recommending your great national catarrh
cure, Peruna, as the best I have ever tried." — W. V. Sullivan.
Hon. Philip B. Thompson Jr., member gives me pleasure to testify to th© value
of Congress from Kentucky, in a recent of Peruna. I have used it for years and
letter has the following- to say of the na- have found It to be a most excellent fam-
tional catarrh remedy, Peruna. The let- ily remedy. For colds, catarrh and slmi-
ter was written at "Washington, ' D. C, lar Ills it 13 unsurpassed."— Harry M.
and reads as follows: Stevens. .
"My friends have used your remedj", y^^^^k.
Peruna, and I take pleasure in testifying £& \
¦ to the merits of your medicine. Besides . ' Bj _g J
being one of the very best tonics, it Is a IJ '^ Pi
good substantial catarrh remedy." — Philip V J&& \
Mr. William • Pf elff er writes from WO • . T gg^P*WS^|& v .
Bank street. Cincinnati. Ohio, as follows: _f^^^\\ rr ¦>^~^jt^i. v .
Dr. S. B.' Hartman, Columbus, Ohio: ; :^^yN . <jS$>^ vvVvvV
Dear . Sir— "Owing to th« fact that I ,fc^\^K v!Jk 1T**«C\.
have been troubled with catarrh and was .^^^w-R V x^»S vVV\
cured by your medicine (Peruna),. I can- ' «^ ""^SftSjlN^J SlsS V5\J|i
not express my thanks to you for the tj^. *^Niw{SS$£$J^ *§¦= \ \i
health I am now enjoying. Jly case of f^^^^^^^^^^^^^S. ' V^ff, l
catarrh is one which had b«en in my sys- Wfy'?f^^§$^J$i$. ~ | y|
tem for years before I knew what was V^^fg '!Sy%>?s>y j £~^3L — aai^y\K\\
wrong. It was goint? from bad to worse i H^^-^.-.
until tired of it I went to an institute for jf&K^ji^ /^^iri^^S-^ Wflfr>
treatment. The doctor in charge said my CpE^T*^^- // \^.^^^SS^^rw MtfJ
nose would have to be operated upon. - A^^y^gT^-^^V^T^^gl iff JT \
Having no confidence in the operation he W^^^^^^^^^W^^'I /// ~
wanted to perform I at once began to MM^TO^l^Ml^^i
take Peruna. which l-< our family remedy. \vM^%mMmW///W4^^^
I also followed your directions in the
book 'Winter Catarrh,' for which my V \\U^^^^^Uul'M///ffl^^
mother sent, and found relief. Shortly HU^St^^^^^mUaUMMiS^^
after I suffered with a heavy cold, but \\ p^==£2g?StB^%^SjiiiSsg;y ¦*&.
recovered from that and am now very »-^ -"mPS^ *^
healthy. Hon. Harry M. Stevens.-
"I cannot express my thanks to you for j^n^ the winter oeason the- onset of
the service your medicine has rendered , 9 often very sudden . It
me, and I recommend it as the best rem- llke ordinary coll. It very rapidly
a.jswi^ns Lsffjs&s ss- -- stsjs 35 ™ :
Mrs. W.*E. Grissom of Henry. Ellis and assumes a stubborn form of catarrh
County, Texas, writt-s: a * ° * - „ . -"¦;' 1
"I took Peruna faithfully over two tr Xjpon the flrSt »M>««raaee of what Is
months, and the result is a thoroughly *?""!? . "* * m^ x cold . •Wbody
renovated system and a strong, buoyant SVrf If f Pf<> "
feeling, to say nothing of a cure of the jJJ? £!£?1£%Z!Z J lS°J T^
chronic catarrh. Therefore I shall avail £l££* Jf^TSF' Zt* Vw
myself of every opportunity to speak of of the attack than several bot-
Peruna as a caUrrh cure."-Mrs. TV. E ?££££ *! b * C ° m °
Grissom ¦ - - thoroughly established In the system.
Catarrh is a systemic disease, curabl- P . e 5 Un^, CUrM the c 8 -* 3 " 11 wherever lo-
only by systemic treatment. A remedy 1 * f ei 7 ln , a la not a BUM3 nor *» •*-
that cures catarrh must aim directly at p ? Ioent; J t l3 »" absolute scientific cer-
the depressed nerve centers. This is what tflnty. ¦ Peruna haa no substitutes-no
Peruna does. Penina immediately lnvig- 3 - In s lst u P«n having Peruna.
orates the nerve centers which give vital- , Ir you °° not deriv e prompt and satis-
ity to the mucous membranes. Then ca- factor y results from the U3e of Peruna
tarrh disappears; then It is permanently wrlte at onco to 1>r - Hartman. glvlnsr a
cured. . . ful1 statement of your case, and he will
Mr. Harry M. Stevens of Midland £f P Ieased to Sive you his valuable ad-
Beach, I* I., New Tbrk, proprietor of the A^irHs T\r Tr ort n,, n t>-»-4-« * * ™.
Richmond Hotel, says this of Peruna: "It Hitman^i^nu^CJ>^uto
HUMORS
Inheritance front Winter.
Waste* matters which" the* kidneys, skin* and
other organs were too* torpid (in the cold days)
to take care of f and cannot take care of now
without help.* there! is. such. an accumulation
of, them/.
They litter the *whole T system;
Pimples, boils and other eruptions' loss T 6i]
appetite, that tired feeling, bilious turns, fits of
indigestion, dull and manylother^
itroubles .common, in Spring. are^due-tOrthem.
FlOOd S Uarsapanlla
and Pills
Remove'airhumorsr'overcomc'all * their 'effects;
strengthen^ and tone the whole system.,
Don't deny yourself" the. benefits of these
medicines this Spring. Taken r together*they
! 'make^ in best;
Spring Medicine m.
'Ever dey-ised^ 'Give"nerve,% Blood ~ Medicine"^ "i •have-never
mental; bodily' and digestive' ' ound •*«««>»«* medicmethan Hood's
\ • • ' _ J , ° * Sarsaparllla and regard It Indispensable
Strength. Oet them and have as a spring tonic Hood's Pills are the'
the whole family. ' begin ito --•"*?? a " d niost . 'enective i have eve>
. ,- .. , j • / " u sed." Bert ROCERS..J427 Commercial-
.take . them JtoaayJ su, Waterloo, iowa. r ¦ " ¦'¦ :
£c.cepr%_\Subst!tute;for : Hoc.rs Sarsaparllla and JPlIIs.
ADVEBTISTnVTENTg.
A UNITED STATES SENATOR
RESTORED TO HEALTH
Pe-ru-na as a Nerve and Catarrh
Tonic the Talk of the World.
Tf «m»1T TfLg' " PACKETS'
MAilef PostrPaicf !MRS. H. D. MATHEWS. A MEM
BER OF THE SAN JOSE WO
MAN'S AUXILIARY.
Grand Army of the Republic. During the
absence of the President's party on Its
drive about the valley the band will play
at the park, and upon the return of .the
party will meet it and escort it to-head
quarters. At the park the Presidential
bouquet will be presented by the ladles of
the county. At 8 p. m. a concert by Ron
covieri's band of forty pieces will be given
at the Hotel Vendome, where the Presi
dent and his party will stop during the
visit.
Tuesday, May 14.— 9 a. m., grand floral
parade; 2 p. in., bicycle and automobile
races at Garden City Wheelmen's track:
8 p. m.. bicycle and automobile parade of
the clubs of California; grand ball at the
Pavilion.
Wednesday, May 15— Parade of horri
bles, athletic sports and battle of roses In
the evening.
PERJURE THEMSELVES
TO ESTSLAVE A WOMAN
rest Upon a Complaint of
Stockton Citizens.
Fonr Highbinders Placed Under Ar-
6AN JOSE. April 13.— Four Chinese
highbinders, members of the Hip Sing
tong, are in Jail under bonds of $10,000
each charged with perjury. This Is the
first offensive move of the Stockton citi
zens who have Interested themselves in
the case of How Wai, the wife of Wong
Gam. There is the promise of a vigorous
prosecution, and it is likely that four
members of Heinlenvllle's most murder
ous tong will spend the next few years in
prison.
How Wai is proprietress of a cigar store
on Main street, in Stockton. Her husband,
Wong Gam, Is the steward of the Com
mercial Hotel, where he has worked for
the past eighteen years. Jon Jan, a Hip
Sir.g highbinder, decided to make the
vroman his slave. To do this he came to
San Joee and sought the aid of the local
organization of the Hip Sing. warrant
was sworn charging the woman with hav
ing stolen $290 from Jon Jan at Heinlen
viile on the 10th of last December.
At the preliminary examination, held In
Justice Wallace's ycourt, a number of per
sons from Stockton were in attendance
with an attorney, and it was conclusively
proved that How Wai had never before
been in San Jose and •was sick in Stockton
on the day the crirke was alleged to have
been committed. She was discharged, and
to-day Jon Jan and three of the witnesses
at the examination were arrested for per
jury-.
INJUBLES BECETVE3> HT
\. FIGHT PBOVE SERIOUS
San Bernardino Citizen Suffering 1
From a Blood Clot on
the Brain,
SAN BERNARDINO. April IS.— As & re
eult of Injuries received in a street fight
a few days ago. C. W. Richardson Is in
Vi critical condition. Richardson and Ja
• ob Shafer, both prominent merchants, be
came involved on Tuesday In a quarrel
,iear the courthouse, which culminated in
a fight. Richardson was struck on the
head with a piece of iron by Shafer. Late
last night Richardson lapsed Into uncon
sciousness and became delirious. Dr.
SAN JOSB, April 13.— With system
atlc effort the members of the
Ladles' Auxiliary .Committee are
pursuing the work of securing
the requisite number of flowers
for the decoration of St. James Park for
tho Carnival of Roses. They have organ
ized on a business basis and are making
those who are willing to help sign a con
tract to deliver what blossoms are neces
sary for the department they select. In
this manner the whole county will be
worked, and there is no doubt that the
result will be a sufficient quantity of
flowers for the purposes required.
The big bouquet for Mrs. McKinley, It
has been decided, will be more than 100
feet in circumference and will require
about two tons of blossoms. These will
all be contributed,, and special commit
tees are making efforts to' have all the
different varieties of blossoms and leaves
of plants In the county In the structure.
There are now promised about 600 pounds
of flowers, and it will require no effort to
obtain the remainder necessary.
The programme for the Carnival of
Roses ¦was presented ' to the executive
committee for Indorsement last night.
While It Is not entirely completed the
main features have all been arranged.
They are as follows:
Monday, May 13—9 to 12 a. m., concert at
St. James Park by the Fifth Regiment
band of forty pieces; 2 p. m., band meets
Presidential party at the broad gauge de
pot; salute of twenty-one guns by the
Dickey expresses the opinion that a blood
clot has formed on the brain.
The trial of Shafer for a simple assault,
which is scheduled for next Tuesday, is at
tracting considerable attention. The men
are neighbors and have been enemies for
some time. Recently their children par
ticipated in a lively wrangle and the. two
fathers took up the quarrel. Richardson
was the nominee of the Socialist party for
Congress from this district last fall.
CLATMS KBCAHES I2X
VAST IRISH ESTATES
Mrs. Esther Campbell of Vancouver
to Jfteceive a I*egacy of
Millions.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 13.— Mrs. Es
ther Campbell of Vancouver claims to be
one of the six heirs of Earl Crawford of
County Limerick, Ireland, to a fortune
aggregating nearly £20,000,000. She says
that nine years ago the first claims were
made, and the apportionments are to be
made at once. Carl Crawford was her
grandfather. Mrs. Campbell also lays
claim, on her mother's side of the family
house, to $3,000,000 worth of property in
County Meath, Ireland, owned for centu
ries by the McKinney family. ,«
Epedtl DlBpttcb to Tfce CalL
VICTORIA, B. C.. April li— News of
more rich discoveries In the Klondike and
adjacent mining districts was received by
the steamer Amur, which returned from
Ska&uay this afternoon. Controller J. T.
Llthgow of th-e Northwest Mounted
Police, who has returned to Dawson from
Selkirk and the Pelly, brought a report
of rich strikes made on the Upper Pelly
River. He said that miners who had
come down had caused much excitement
at Selkirk and at the madhouses on the
Yukon by accounts they gave of the finds
on this river, which branches off the
Yukon to the east, above Selkirk. The
exact location of the find was not learned,
the report being an indefinite one. The
mounted police officer reported that there
¦was much placer rnining activity on the
creeks between Daweon and Selkirk.
The Dawson news tells of a rich silver
find in the Klondike. F. M. Brown, an old
miner, formerly employed in the Com-
Etock silver mines of Nevada, reports to
that paper the discovery of a great .silver
quartz lead, within eight days' travel of
Dawson City. He says that to get sup
plies and machinery there now would be a
difficulty, but if the country were within
easy access the question of the develop
ment of the strike would be a simple one.
In his opinion a. fortune awaits those ¦who
find the opportunity to develop the dis
covery.
News was received in dispatches from
Dawson that the clean-up on the creeks
had commenced with the beginning of
April. Reports from Hunker were to the
effect that miners began work there on
April 2 with a full sluice head of water.
At Grand Forks sluicing had not com
menced, but It was expected to begin
¦washing the big dumps In a few days. An
earlier report given by a correspondent
writing from Dawson on March 26 said
that mine-owners were then most active
and looking forward to beginning opera
tions with the first available water.
Lumber was being sawn for the sluices
and freight hurried to the creeks. Saw
mills were being started and everything
•vvae busy in the mining' camp.
Spring Clean-TJp on the Gold-Iiinod
Creeks In the Klondike District
Ifl Now Under
Way.
Miner Finds a Quartz Lead
Bight Days 1 Travel
FromDawson.
SILVER STRIKE
ON THE YUKON
TWO TONS OF BLOSSOMS
MRS. McKINLEY'S BOUQUET
San Jose Ladies Rapidly Gathering Material
for the Mammoth Floral Offering.
Thus Agnes met the man who had loved
her photograph antt Archibald loved Ag
nes more than he loved the portrait. After
a courtship of three weeks Agnes agreed
to become his bride. Her mother's con
sent was obtained and Archibald straight
way hied himself to a newspaper office
and caused a formal announcement of the
engagement to be placed In the social col-,
umn. Gordon told Miss Smith and her
family that he would soon return to Scot
land and claim his fortune. He said also
that his uncle was ex-Governor Gordon of
Georgia, and that another uncle was
"Chinese" Gordon, who fell at Khartoum.
He claimed that he had purchased lots
and would have a cottage built at once.
All this time he was milking c»ws for
his health on his sister's ranch near Lake
view. Miss Smith's mother did not be
lieve he was as great a man as he pre
tended and her suspicions 'were proved
correct to-day, when an Investigation fol
lowed Gordon's arrest for buying goods
with checks which banks would not cash.
SALE OF ONE .GLASS
OP WINE NO OFFENSB
Having Violated Revenue
Laws Goes Free.
Japanese Restaurateur Charged With
SANTA ROSA. April 13.— Judge John
Brown of the Justices' Court to-day ren
dered a decision in the case of Harry Ka
wamato, a Japanese restaurant-keeper of
this city, who was last week brought be
fore him for examination upon a charga
of selling liquor without a license. It
was charged by revenue officials that Ka
wamato had been serving wine and drinks
with meals. At the examination the serv
ing of only one glass of wine was proved.
The Justice to-day discharged the pris
oner upon the. grounds that the law de
clares an offense to consist of retailing 1
liquor as a business, and the Belling of
one glass of wine could not proparly be
held to constitute a business.
Killed by Runaway Horses.
SEATTLE, April 13.— Mrs. J. R. George
of Chicago was struck and trampled upon
by a runaway team of horses at Madison
Park this afternoon, receiving injuries
from which she almost Instantly died.
PASADENA, April 13.— The Raymond
Hotel, which was burned to the ground In
1895, is to be rebuilt at. a cost of $350,000.
R. T. Crane of Chicago Is financing the
enterprise, of which Walter Raymond of
the Raymond-Whitman Company of Bos
ton is the head. General W. C Went
worth will manage the hotel, which will be
ready for occupany by January 1, 1902.
a Structure to Cost
$350,000.
TO BEBTJUiD RAYMOND <
HOTEL IN PASADENA
Chicago Capitalist's Project Calls for
It is an old story— how Archibald St.
Clair Gordon fell in love with a photo
graph, how he raved over the likeness of
a Tacoma girl until her two married sis
ters, greatly Impressed by his stories of
blue blood and riches and titles, brought
the youngest of their mother's family
(the original of the photograph) before
the haughty Archibald — she all blushes
and confusion, he bold and bonny as any
knight of Scotia.
TACOMA, April 13.— Local papers early
this week announced the engagement of
Agnes Lillian Smith, youngest daughter
of Mrs. Isaac Perry, to Archibald St.
Clair Gordon, eldest son of Major General
Roland St. Clair Gordon. B. V. C. of
Scotland. The wedding was to have taken
place at the residence of Mrs. Perry on
July 10. Now the engagement Is broken
and Gordon Is spending the night in Jail,
having been arrested to-day for passing
bogus checks.
CONFIDENCE OPERATOR'S ARREST
WARNS A TACOHA GIRL IN TlflE
Swindler Passing as a British Aristocrat Dupes a
Young Woman of the Northern City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
First Shipment of Cherries.
SUISUN, April 13.— D. W. Harrier yes
terday shipped the first box of cherries
from Suisun this year. They were sent by
express to Chicago. The cherries were un
usually large for early' fruit. . They were
picked from trees on Mr.- Harrier's ranch
in Vacaville. . 4 . .
INTEREST THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Army and Navy Orders Make
Changes and Number of Pen
sions Are Issued.
WASHINGTON, April 13.-Army orders
issued to-day announce that- Captain Hol
lis C. Clark, Twenty-fourth Infantry, will
report to General Shatter, president of the
Army Retiring Board, appointed to meet
at San Francisco for examination by the
board. In naval orders Second Lieuten
ants J. W. McClaskey and J. P. V. Grid
ley of the Marine Corps, are detached
from the Mare Island Barracks to duty
with (Grldley In charge) a detachment of
marines ordered to Cavite station.
Pensions Issued to-day were: California
—Original— Oliver J. Marble, San Fran
cisco, $10; Thomas J. Stewart, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $6. Additional—Wii
liam H. Milligan, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $10. Increase — George M T>
Southworth, Corona, $8; Samuel Bretz"
Alameda, $8; Daniel S. Cornwell, Santa
Clara, $8; Thomas Roe, San Francisco
$10; James H. Mitchell, Soldiers' Home
Los Angeles, $8; James Burke, San Fran
cisco, $12. Original widows— Maria Lin T
rob, San Francisco, $8. War with Spain-
Original— William .T. Dutton, 3 Ventura
$10; Francis J. Henry, San Francisco, $6-
Frank Rathmanner, San Francisco, $12 '*
Oregon— Original— George Doerfler, Port
land, $6. Additional — Columbus S P
Washburn, Mayger, $12. Increaser-James
N. Shearer, Gales Creek, $17; Newton J
Underwood, La Grande, $8.
Washington— Original — Thomas Cart •
right. Lynden. $6; Herbert L. Chllds. Ket
tle Falls; $6; August Beech wood. Soldiers'
Home, Orting, $8. Additional— William W
Hetvason, r Eatonvllle, 58. Restoration and
Reissue— John Buckley (dead), • Spokane
$17. War with Spain— Original— John An-'
derson, Spanaway, $10.
GOIiDODAY DENIES
THAT HE. IS NON EST
Mine Prospector Reported | to Save
Perished on the Desert Appears
at Visalia.'
VISAXJA. April 13.— Edward Golloday,:
a mining prospector of San Bernardino
who was reported to have perished on the
desert near Indio on "April 6, arrived In
Visalia to-day. When shown a news
paper dispatch announcing that he had
died a week ago he was greatly surprised.
He said he had had a long trip and many
hardships, but was still hale and hearty
as ever. He had $7 in gold dust which he
claimed to have obtained from an ; aban
doned mine. Mr. Golloday is a relative
of Mrs. Mary Young of this city. ~
. FRAKKFORT-ONtTHE - MAIN, April
13.— Queen Alexandra ' boarded ; a . train at
midnight on her return Journey to Eng
land.
JOHN WOODMAN HELD
. FOR WXFE MURDER
Davisville Man Remanded to the
Keeping of the Solano County
Sheriff.
DIXON, April 13.— The examination of
John A. Woodman for the killing of his
wife, Georgia B. "Woodman, on the 29th
of last naonth near Davisville, was held
here to-day. , The defendant was repre
sented by Frank J. Murphy and F. H.
Hood of San Francisco. District Attor
ney F. R. Devlin conducted the examina
tion before Justice of the Peace R. H.
Brown of Silveyville Township. .
Dr. W. E. Bates and Ira A. Jones were
the principal witnesses introduced by the
prosecution, the • defense resting after
cross-examining them. Jones is the man
who was in Mrs.- Woodman's .company
when her husband fired the fatal shot.
Jones was badly wounded and he appeared
to-day to be ) in a weak condition. He
related a shameful story of his relations
with Woodman's wife, extending over a
period cf six months.
Woodman was held to appear before
the Superior . Court under $10,000 bonds.
This he was unable to give and was re
manded, to the keeping. of the Sheriff at
Fairfield. ' . '.
SUPERIOR JUDGE RUXES
AGAINST SUPREME COTJBT
Declares Its Interpretation of Certain
Law ' to Be Opposed to Public
•Policy.
REDDING, April 13.— In the Superior
Court this morning Judge Edward Swee
ney ruled against the Supreme Court of
the State. The unusual ruling came up In
a case brought against the Board of Su
pervisors by a taxpayer. The county
fathers recently awarded a contract to the
Parcells Greenwood Company, of San
Francisco for the construction of a fence
around the courthouse grounds, and the
contract was let without competitive bids.
Frank M. Swasey, a local newspaper man
and Federal, officeholder, brought suit to
enjoin fulfillment of the contract, alleging
the proceedings to have been irregular
and the fence unnecessary.
District Attorney Dozier for the Super
visors interposed a demurrer, which wa3
overruled this morning. In announcing
his judgment on the demurrer Judge
Sweeney remarked that while the State
law of to-day, as Interpreted by the Su
preme Court, upheld the action of the Su
pervisors in letting the contract without
advertising for bids, he did not consider
it good law and declared it to be against
public policy. - ¦ •-'¦¦**
Farmer JVH. MxHatton Killed on th.e
DRIVES HIS TEAM :
BEFORE MOVING CARS
San Jos9.
Narrow Gaugs Road Wear
SAN JOSE, April 13.— J. ¦ H. McBTatton.
a farmer, . residing at Campbell; was in
stantly killed by a narrow gauge train at
what Is known as the brickyard crossing,
four miles southwest of this city, shortly
before noon to-day.' McHatton was on hi3
way to town * with a horse and : bugs:>
when the fatality - occurred. .Tho engine
of the train - was '- pushing severaj care
ahead of it toward the j crossing and Mc-
Hatton either did not see thi cars or sup
posed that they were standing still or' go
ing the other way. He drove directly upon
the track in front of them and was struck
with considerable force. The buggy was
smashed to ' pieces and Its occupant was
hurled - a distance of fifteen feet and In
stantly killed.
ARDNAMTJB.CHAirS SAFETY
STARTS STORIES OP FBAXTD
Alleged Wreckage May Have Been
Set Adrift by Reinsurance
' Speculators.
VANCOUVER, B.C., April 13.— The ar
rival of the British ship Ardnamurchan,
supposed for a long time to have been lost
off the Oregon coast, has given rise to
much excitement in marine and Insur
ance companies in this city. It is charged
in the Vancouver dally papers that "a
scheme may have been arranged to make
the possibility of reinsurance speculations.
The shiD left here ¦ on November 28 last
and was 141 days out on her trip at the
time she was sighted. The extraordinary
feature Is the finding along the Oregon
coast of seven different brands of salmon
known to have been shipped, three ex
clusively, on the Ardnamurchan. This
seemed to establish the fact that the ves-"
sel was lost. It was ascertained that the
salmon cases found were among the first
put into the vessel and if any part of the
cargo was Jettisoned it would be the top
layers, so It was considered- absolutely
certain that the vessel had gone to pieces
and that this cargo had been washed
ashore. _ • ' '
Just as soon as the news of the picking
up of part of the cargo had reached Van
couver reinsurance rates began to go up
and climbed wildly, as high as 80 per cent,
but no part of the vessel was found and
local pilots ridiculed the idea of the loss
of so fine a new ship. Two firms here
realized largely In reinsurance, one clean
ing up* $14,000 In all/
The suggestion Is that the picking up of
the salmon cases may in some way have
been previously arranged In order to
benefit the speculators.
VALLE.JO, April 13.— The naval trans
port Solace will sail on Tuesday for Guam
and Manila, carrying a large cargo. There
are stowed In the hold tons of provisions,
clothing and stores, and there Is on board
a large quantity of machinery, Including
a large Corliss engine, several huge boilers
and S^SJv tln§r> Two thirty-feet flywheels
add 30,000 pounds to her weight. These
will be taken to Manila. For Guam there
is a large quantity of the usual provisions
and clothing, and BOO good sized orange
Fifty officers will go on the ship as pas
sengers. A number of them will be ac
companied by their wives. The Solace Is
weighted down with old guns and chains
taken along as ballast for the return trip.
She will stop a week at Honolulu and
three days at Guam. A large draft of sall
prs will arrive from the East on Monday
to take passage on the Solace.
Five Hundred Will Go as
a Part of the Solace's
Cargo.
SENDING ORANGE
TREES TO GUAM
Special Dispatch to The Calt
TACOMA, April IS.— Anxious search is
being made here for J. C. Baronett. w?io
early In December left Seattle for Taco
ma, Informing his friends that he Intended
shipping in one of the deep sea vessels
then . leaving 1 this port, wheat laden, for
Europe. A friend of the missing man.
A. D. Sperry, who resides In Seattle, was
Instructed by Baronett to collect his mail
and on receipt of information of Baro
nett's whereabouts to forward it. .
Sperry was in.Tacoma to-day searching
shipping records and consular records and
endeavoring by every possible means to
gather Information that would lead to the
location of the missing man. Sperry has
mail for Baronett, including registered
letters with inclosures of drafts. He has
obtained positive Information that^his
friend has fallen heir to some $200,000 in
England, yet no trace of Baronett can be
found. Nobody of his najpl shipped on
any vessel from here in December or Jan
uary. - ' - ' ' - '
Vain Search for the Heir
to an Estate in
England.
RICHES SEEKING
A MISSING MAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES^ April 13.— The rela
tives of Senator W. A. Clark character
lz^ the report that the Senator Is engaged
to marry Hattie Rose Laube as without
foundation. J. Ross Clark, brother of the
Senator, said to-night:
"You may say as broadly as you care
to that the rumored engagement of my
brother is a fake of the rankest kind."
While in this city Miss Laube made sev
eral calls at the home of the Senator's
mother and on one occasion she left her
photograph. The Senator's sister says
that her visits were wholly unsolicited and
that her picture was thrown into the
waste basket.
"We view her," said Miss Clark, "in
the light of an adventuress, who is try
ing to obtain advertising cheaply. Before
leaving Los Angeles for San Diego a week
ago two local newspapers investigated
Miss Laube' s veiled assertions concerning
an engagement between Clark and her
self. She furnished ' one paper with .a
ready-made interview, in which, in an
swer to a self-inflicted question, she said:
'You must excuse me from talking about
my rumored engagement to Senator Clark.
I am not ready either to affirm or deny
the report you have heard. However, I
will admit that I consider the Senator a
grand man. whom I will probably marry
if I ever marry anybody.' "
Senator Clark's brother says the ac
quaintance between the Senator and Miss
Laube is very slight. He met her in a
purely Informal manner during his Sena
torial contest, when she was making po
litical speeches. "While here Miss Laube
lectured on "Human Magnets." Her fath
er accompanied her in the capacity of
press agent.
BAN DIEGO, April 13.— Miss Hattie Rose
Laube, who, in rumors alleged to have
been started in Los Angeles, has been
credited with being the afflancee of Sena
tor W. A. Clark of Montana, Is at the
present a guest at the St. James Hotel in
this city. When seen by The Call corre
spondent this evening she acknowledged
having avoided newspaper men on account
of this report. When asked for a con
firmation of the rumor she said that it
was not her place to make public any
thing of the kind, nor should sne be asked
to deny it.
"I have noted the fact that it Is quite
customary for people to deny engage
ments when they are reported about them,
but In this case I believe that It will be
better to neither affirm nor deny the re
port and you may quote me as saying that
and nothing more," she said.
"But," she was told, "the rumor has
been denied by the relatives of Senator
Clark."
"That may be," Miss Laube replied, "but
you may have noted that relatives do not
always know what they are talking about
and possibly It may have occurred to you
that everybody does not run to his rela
tives with confidences of that sort. Would
it not be well for you to inquire regarding
these matters of Senator Clark himself.
He Is In the best position to speak of
rumors which concern himself. Certainly
his relatives are not commissioned to talk
and if such a thing were true, which I am
careful to neither affirm nor deny, I am
the one to be questioned about It.
Miss Laube Is here with her father and
said this evening that she did not know
how long: they would remain, as she had
not consulted with her father on that
point. - .¦¦¦¦¦
Miss Laube Is Styled an
Adventuress by Sena
tor's Sister.
Relatives of the Montana Millionaire
Deny That He Is Likely to
Marry the South Dakota
Campaigner* ,
AROUSES ANGER
OF THE CLARKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUXOAX, APlVlL 14, 11)01.
15
Curative Properties of Swamp-Root
To Prove What the World-Famous Discovery, SWAMP-ROOT. Will Do for
YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
1""" 8 **^ ' \ \ ¦ i^^53?3&sv I "!o^ *o Find Out If You
I Z^f *Jv H^2L-V «y *.'¦ ' I if Wa I Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re-
1 |i~"i tyf £<?• H,/2K5^> .v' I \ / ,> »v I 8 P° ns lble for more sickness and suOrln??
I f f JR^r^. fr ••'£'*••£"?. *f'^"*"^- if^^S?^^* i. *"!T^ I \ t^^ I than nny. other disease, and If permitted
¦ ¦''$•&* *^^^^VJw^ iS^^" J-'i-^^^ JWw««^ r * |L -^^"¦SS" iJ^^^^yb^^ 1 // -c= I t° continue fatal results are sure to fol-
¦ C \ CjKLC. ¦p- s^S, |J ~i\ J\ <n'wimir^ *" ~ ~*'B low complexion; makes you feel as
J-^Sll— «»^—^B£SL»w~^gj^&^5 1 t.O5fHs / kliiirrViHBtt^ m—J^ though you had heart trouble; you may
. .. » iXSL v© DlCQty OX SLX11 Diuoiii uub no strong iii »
To Readers of The Call: , . get weak and waste away.
For some time I suffered from & serious kidney trouble, and also gravel (cal- The kidneys must also filter and purify
cull), which I believe was the result of carrying heavy loads and continual ex- the blood so when they are weak or out
posure. I had an almost continuel pair, in my back, was weak and run down nt OT apT and fall to do their work you
generally. I fully realized that kidney disease was not only remarkably preva- °' <^ < 7JS,_5 L~ nnicklv vonr «ntlr«
fent, but was also one of the greatest dangers of my own employment, as a large can understand how Quickly your enUra
percentage of the deaths among letter carriers Is due to some form of kidney body Is affected and how every organ
trouble. After using other remedies without satisfaction I decided to try Dr. Bcems to fall to do its duty.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, which is prepared In my own city and recommended by so The cure for these troubles Is Dr.
many Binghamton people. "Within a short time I realized a marked Improve- Ttnmer's SwamD-Root. the world-famous
ment, and in a reasonable time a complete cure was accomplished. It has been £»!,r~!; — .—^tr Tn talclns It vou afford
some time since I have had to use any of the remedy, and I have no .fear of a kidney remedy. In taKlng it you anrora
recurrence of the trouble. Two of my fellow carriers (E. J. Casey and S. C. natural help to Nature, for swamp- Koot
Sweeney) have also used Swamp-Root tor about the same difficulty as mine, and is the most perfect healer and gentle aid
with exactly the same -results, and they gladly join me in recommending the to the kidneys that Is known to medical
remedy to any one who suffers from kidney, liver or bladder disorders. Very Bciecce.
truly yours, ; If t here is any doubt In your mind as
B.J. CASEY. ¦ ? We indorse the 0 G h£—0»0 *" . to your condition, take from your urino
S. C. SWEENEY. 5 above statement ££/ .^2?, V3^JS-Ks^\AA on rls i ng about four ounces, place It in a
* c. BL Btebblns has been in the emp^c^K&^amTon^fJmc'e fo^flf- H^kfiSfi^S Snf
teen years, E. J. Casey for ten years and S. C. Sweeney for seven years. This Sr if email Dartlcles float about in it. your
long service speaks volumes for their integrity, honest and efficient work. . ]Sdney8^«taneS atfen-
G2? tlon.
_^<g^r^r *"-^~^£z — .^?i«_ (J H ROBERTS P tJL\ Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
fCX^ • ¦ *"*-w- ''^.^ w> n : "^^^b. m-J us9d i n the leading hospitals, recom-
\ ____ | mer.ded by physicians in their private
EDITORIAL NOTICE— The wenderful remedy, i. wamp Root, is so remarkably s'eWes^'hcfhave Sidney aJlmCTi^Tbec/u^e
successful that a special arrangement has been made by which all of cur readers who they recognize In it the greatest and
have not already tried it may have a sample bottle of twamp-Rootsent ab,olutely free ' f^^Si^^ *** * UBV ' 255
by mail; also a valuable bock, telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and contain- if you are already convinced that this
ina many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial fetters received from men and great remedy. Swamp-Root. Is what you
women lured by Swamp-Root. In writing Dr »f»*Co. be sure and say that you «-• Snt-lol^fze^S^t^e
read this generous offer in the can Francisco sunaay Lail. drug stores everywhere.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRAIN FOOD
gested.
Is of Little Benefit "Unless It Is Di-
Nearly every one will admit that as
a nation we eat too much. meat and too
little of vegetables and the grains. •
For business men, office men and clerks,
and in fact every one engaged in. seden-
tary or indoor occupations, grains, milk
and vegetables are much more healthful.
Only men engaged in a severe outdoor
manual labor can live on a heavy meat
diet and continue In health. ' . ,
¦ As a general rule, meat once a day Is
sufficient for all classes of men, women
and children, and grains, fruit and vege-
tables should constitute the bulk of food
But" many of the most nutritious foods
are difficult of digestion and it is of jio
use to advise brain workers to eat large-
ly of grains and vegetables where the
digestion is too weak to assimilate them
properly.
. It • is always best to get the best re-
sults from our food that some simple and
harmless digestive should be taken after
meals to' assist the relaxed digestive or-
gans, and several years', experience have
proven Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets to be
a very 'safe, pleasant, and effective di-
gestive and a remedy which may be taken
daily with 'the best results. •
. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can hardly
be called a patent medicine, as they do
not act on the bowels nor any particular
organ, but only on the food eaten. They
supply what' weak - stomachs lack, pep-
sin diastase, and- by stimulating the gas-
tric glands increase. the natural secretion
of hydrochloric acid. .
. People who make a a dally practice 'of
taking-one ortwo of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after each meal are sure to have
perfect digestion, -¦ which means perfect
health, .-v,- • ¦. ¦ _ ¦
There Is ' no , danger of forming an in-
jurious habit, as the tablets contain ab-
solutely -nothing but natural digestives;
cocaine, morphine and similar drugs have
no place ' in a ;;¦ stomach - medicine " , and
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are certainly
the . best > known and . most popular of ; all
stomach remedies. " ' . » . v
'Ask your druggist ; for a BO-cent pack-
age 1 of - Stuart's ¦ Dyspepsia \ Tablets. - and
after a week's use note the Improvement
in health, appetite and nervous energy.
SB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
jf!f yflf JL NnJ' Fur* TL-ir* .JL JL S^r
Ju These prices are much lower than our regular cut |« v
•!ttP prices, and arc good, for this week only. \\\
I Cooper's Olive Oil 90c Phenacetine Powder $1.00 »„
l\ Quart bottle best Call- Ounce box — regular
f fornia olive oil — regular price $1.50. • )
k price $1.25. Antikamnia Tablets $1.00
% Woodbury's Facial Soap 15c Eighty in box— regular ¦ • ' ¦
9 Regular price 25c. price $1.50. . i
I J French Castile Soap 3 Ib. bar 20c Mention's Talcum Powder and I
V|L Regular price 25c. Lesley's Talcum Powder . /
*\ Martin's Baltimore Rye 70c D °th together for 20c /
\$'a A good whiskey. Reg- Regular price 35c. Ljj
V|'\ ular price $I.OO. Bicycle Playing Cards 2 for 25c Wjj
M-. Malt Nutrine 20c Regular price 20c a pack - ml
w\\ Regular price 25c — spec- Espey's Cream 15c jnll
yW\ lal price by dozen $2. Regular price 20c. ,W//
\ \ V> • Open all th« time— -NigHt and Day. / a/v/
\\ki\ 1128 M*rfifi Jt^ 5»n frtncltco fp/fu
DR. MEYERS ft- CO., j i
I SKILLED SPECIALISTS. I !
I Patients may deposit the price of a cnre in any San ||
I Francisco bank, to remain there till they are well, or H - E
k i may pay in monthly installments. * Prices reasonable E9 — k
E alike to rich and poor. H I
II Our. physicians are all regular graduates from the H B
0 best medical colleges. They have hod many years' ex- B F|
II perlence in hospitals. In general practice and as spe- H ij
Vi ciallsts. "We do not send our patients to hish-prfesd m ||
II drug stores, where their prescriptions may be careless-' p II
If . ly filled, but we supply all medicines necessary to ef- |J i
H feet a cure from our own private laboratories. FREE |3 1
m " of cost. - '*~ ¦ H I
I ipi% r r iTPP v Ai i I 1
IIMi AILMENTS, I I
H Among other ailments we cure lost vitality, wastirz pj |
M drains, etc. special diseases. Including contagious H *
tg > blood poison: also varicocele, hydrocele, stricture, dls- li £
Pi . eases of the kidneys, bladder, spine, etc M 1*
H Our home cure department has been in successful op- n I'
H eratlon since 18S1. Sufferers who cannot come to San £] \
jp Francisco should write for our private book for men. H t
g question. list, advice, etc. This little publication should H E
|l be In the hands of every man, youas or old, married or 0 \
M single, sick or well. , N I
El Our offices are still at the old location, where we H |
Eg nave. been for. so many years, and where we can be Ej i
11 consulted free of charge from 8 to 5 dally; 7 to 8 even- B |
JU Ings; 9 to 11 Sundays. Elevator entrance, M y.
1 / *3l IVlAKKL I SAN FRANCISCO. | |Trial Trip Postponed. ?
TACOMA, April - 13.— The torpedo , boat !
destroyer Goldsborough .was taken out for i
her official trial trip - this , morning. ', A I
trifling accident, resulting from the break
ing of a three-quarter- inch , brass : steam
p5pe ( caused a' delay, however, and the
trial will not occur until Monday or Tues
day. ¦ '•
SAN RAFAEL, April 13.— The Country
Club is again in trouble. ' This time the
entire membership has been sued by the
club's landlord, the O. L. Shafter. estate,
for 51500. The club is accused of havinsr
maliciously and wantonly removed and
destroyed a barn belonging to the plain
tiff. -The barn ifc alleged to be worth $1500,
and Judgment is asked against : the club
for that sum.
Sues the Country Club.
SAN JOSE. April 13.— Report reached
the Coroner's office this eveniner of the
finding of the body of a man on the mud
flats in San Francisco Creek, where It
goes into the bay about three miles from
Mayfleld. The body was taken -to the lat
ter place, where an lnyucst will he held
to-morrow. Sheriff Langford Is inclined
to the belief that the body Is that of
Ralph Beckwith. who mysteriously disap
peared from his home at Los Gatos on
February 7.
Body Found on Mud Flat.
Dingle's reputation here was excellent,
and he was fully trusted by his employ
ers, his salary having been increased from
time to time for excellent service. Gam
bling is given as the cause of his alleged
misdeeds. The police decline to say what
efforts they are making for his capture.
SEATTLE, April 13.— Fred H. Dingle Is
wanted by the Seattle police for an al
leged defalcation of $3000 while acting as
chief clerk for the Seattle and Interna
tional Railway. Dingle served the com
pany in that capacity for about a year.
The road, which was owned by the North
ern Pacific, was merged as a division of
the main line on April 1, doing away with
a. large number of the local office force.
Dingle was among those slated to go, and
it is believed he took advantage of the
last few weeks in office to get away with
the company's 'money. He had full charge
of the issuance of time checks to all em
ployes, the checks being signed in blank
by his superior officer. These Dingle ap
pears to have Issued in large quantities,
cashing them himself at local banks and
some with the treasurer of the company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Police of Seattle Seeking
a Former Railway
Clerk.
CASHES BOGUS
TIME-CHECKS
LOS ANGELES, April 13.— If the conten
tion of the attorneys for the Los Angeles
Water Company are correct, the bond is
sue,voted by a. majority of nearly five to
one, for the purchase and acquirement of
the water plant now In . dispute between
the corporation and the people has be
come absolutely null and void, the recent
Legislature having at an opportune time
come to the water company's assistance. '
The act which is expected by the wat°
company's legal department to thus still
further retaru municipal ownership of me
water, plant is entitled Senate bill 124, in
troduced by Senator E. K. Taylor of Ala- j
meda to meet a local situation in the
northern end of the State. So far as" the
record shows Its passage was . not op
posed by any *of the members of the Los
Angeles delegation.
• The act in question Is said to supersede ,
all other laws governing the. issuance of;
bonds for water purposes or, for the ac- '
qulrement of other public utilities, and j
provides for the authorization of .the in
curring of indebtedness by cities, : towns I
and municipal corporations for municipal :
improvements, regulating their acquisi- !
tlon, construction and completion. ~
It is contended that under a recent de
cision of the Superior Court all bond sales
are validated where the details have not 1
been completed, if In the meantime the 1
statute bearing upon the subject has been
changed in any important particular. The :
bond issue . voted by ¦ the people of Los I
Angeles was for J2,000,000. and- this sum, in ! (
addition to the interest on .the amount .
and one-fortieth of the principal, has been i
lying- Idle in the city treasury for more
than two years. The election for the pur- I
pose was held on August 20, 1S98. -. •
Judge v Noyes is expected f to decide I
whether the bonds are legal within the
next six weeks.. -. - ..
New Law May Invalidate
the Issue Recently
Voted.
¦ ¦ " ' • ' ' . ¦ ¦ . •
¦ .* . Special Dispatch to -The Call.
AFFECTS BONDS
OF LOS ANGELES
Globe Postoffice Bobbed.
PHOEXIX, Ariz.. April 13.— The post
of flee at Globe was broken open by three
cattle rustlers and* robbed of a large
amount of money and stamps last night.
Th« books were partjally destroyed and
the exact loss cannot be ascertained, but
It Is believed to approximate about $2500.
ley, Los Angeles: Estelle Barrowa. Sant»
Clara; Elizabeth Bates, Los Angeles; Byron "7.
Bradham, Loa Angeles; Rachel C. - Bynon,
Stanislaus: Stella R. Campbell, Santa Clara;
Janet M. Cutter, Santa Claras Anna M. Dil
worth, Ventura; Lulu M. Downing, Tulare;
Grace Vivian Fuller, Los Angeles; Sadie V.
Garner. San Benito; Ida D. Glaasock, Lbs
Angeles; Annie C. Gregory, Los Angeles; Alice
E. Hannaford. Santa Clara; Annie R. Han-
Ion. Los Angeles; Annie Gertrude Harvey,
Fresno; Kate Henry. Santa Clara; C. E. Hud
speth. Modoc; Martha K. Hulbe. Marin ; Min
nie E. Hughes, Los Angeles; Edith B. Leach.
Santa Clara; J. B. Marks. Fresno; Bertha K.
Newman, Marlposa: H. R. Palnton, Santa
Clara; Mabel Plummer, Nevada ; Emma M.
Richards,. Santa Clara; Ella Stoltenberg, Los
Angeles: Mabel E. Trefry. San Joaquln; Mrs.
Belle Wood, Stanislaus; Miss Willie Wood, San
Diego. „ ¦ . - ,
EXCITING MEETING HELD
BY 'I'H K FBUIT GROWERS
Many Speakers Denounce tb.© Recent
Cut in the Price of
• ' Prunes.
SAN JOSE, April 13.— The fruit growers
of the State held an excited meeting In
Hale's Hall this afternoon, a number of
the speakers hotly denouncing the Cured
Fruit Association for having reduced the
price of prunes from 3 to 2 cents per
pound. Some were in favor of putting the
.association into liquidation, while others
, advocated a continuation of the combine
at least . until the present surplus stock
shall have been disposed of. .
' Judge Bond, president of the associa
tion,, talked for nearly an hour, reviewing
the Work of the organization from the
date of its formation.
He "said .that not only was the prune
market overstocked, but -there was the
same- surplus In. th© East and abroad In
pears, apricots and apples. The Eastern
jobbers absolutely refused to handle any
Considerable quantity of prunes at a rate
exceeding a 2-cent basis. ! " ¦
. Judge Bond announced that the associa
tion had decided to do no more advertis
ing. Already $20,000 has been expended
and this sum hardly covers the total re
ceipts for the extra sales in consequence
of the advertising. Proposed changes to
the laws regulating the election of officers
f were approved.
Horse Thief Captured.
SAN RAFAEL, April 13.— A bold thief at
Sausalito this morning stole a horse and
cart belonging to Dr. Mays. Word was
sent to Tiburon, and .Constable McNeil
arrested a man who gave the name of
Paul Rainey as he was trying to drive the
stolen property on the Tiburon boat.
Rainey Is almost unknown here. To-night
he was turned over to Sheriff Taylor.
SACRAMENTO, April 13.— The Interest-
Ing, feature of, the meetine of the 'State
Board of Education this afternoon was
the adoption of a resolution suspending
the teacher's diploma of S. C. Phipps, as-'
sistant Instructor at the State University,"
for the term - of two years. Phippa was
recently appointed to his present position
in the university. His offense consisted
in having: paid 5250 to JJ'M. Chretien, the
San Francisco attorney, whose exposure
by The Call landed him in the San Quen
tin Penitentiary, for which sum Chretien
agreed to obtain for him the position of
Deputy Superintendent of Schools in San
Francisco. • •
Phipps sent a letter to the State Board
of Education, saying that he had known
Chretien a long time and supposed he
was doing no wrong in paying him money
for his assistance in obtaining a position.
He pleaded for leniency.
Several of the members were In favor
of suspending Phipps for. a period of flve
years, but a majority, believed this would
be too severe, and it was finally decided
to make the suspension two years. One
member said he believed Phipps had been
led through ignorance of public matters
to make the mistake. .
In speaking of the plan to buy school
book plates, President . Benjamin Ide
Wheeler said that the Jaws of the power
ful publishers had been .pried open and
there was a chance now for open compe
tition. The big book concerns had en
deavored to get the textbook business In
their- grasp, but failed. He offered tha
form of a letter to be sent to publishers
asking for bids on plates of elementary
and grammar school histories. The form
as suggested was adopted.
Before adjournment late this afternoon
the board issued the following diplomas:
Life diplomas of the high school grade-
Walter S. Bailey, San Diego; W. H. Baker,
Fresno; G. H. Stokes, Yuba; Gertrude H. Wil
son, San i Dieso.
Life diplomas of the grammar school grade-
Rosa. A. Agostini, Calaveras; Catherine F.
Balthis, Fresno: Clara F. Banker, Mendoclno;
Hugh L. Bankhead, Tehama; J. L.. Beall,
Fresno; Carrie i M. ' Blanford, Los Angeles,
Helen Brown, Yolo; C. L,. Bryant, San Joaquln;
Arthur Oliver Burke, San Diego: Jessie E.
Burrall, Alameda; Hannah C. Bynon, Stanis
laus; Mary G. Coyle, San Francisco; Rose S.
Cohen, San Francisco; Marietta Clapp, Tehama;
Martha Calvert,' San Francisco, Edith Crosby,
Shasta; Serena M. Davis, Santa Clara; Vir
ginia de Shields Diggles, Tehama; Cora A.
Dix, Los Angeles: M. P. Donnelley, Piumas;
James H. Driscoll, Yuba; Mary C. Duffy.
Calaveras; Maggie C. Fahey. Calaveras; Anna
A. Farrell, Marin; Bertha Fiebush. Alameda;
Fannie A. Foran, Mariposa; Mary Lindley
Galloway, Orange; Nellie B. Garrecht. .Shasta;
Frankie Harelson Gates, Stanislaus; Jessie M.
Gearhardt, Los Angeles: Agnes B. Gillespie,
Fresno; Maggie G. Gillespie, Fresno; Alice M.
Goods, Alameda; Arlie Maud Grover, Sutter;
O. H. Grubbs, San Joaquin; Carrie M. Greer
Hann&n, Shasta; Texana Hawkins, Fresno;
Franc Hawks, Los Angeles; Zoe C. Her
rick. San Bernardino; Belle Hulse. Tehama;
Mr3. "W. W. Irish, Mendocino; Samuel T.
Luce,, Mendocino: Will A. Latta, Sacra
mento; Mrs. D. B. Lawton,. Marin; Louise
M. McCarthy, Monterey; :Arminta M. Mc-
Mahan. Los Angeles; Mary V. McNlchols.
Nevada; Cecil "Wirt "• Mark, San Francisco;
Thekla T. Mohr,<Los Angeles; Emma O'Connor,
Sutter; Fannie - C. .O'Bannon, San Diego;
James V. Parks Jr.. Piumas; Kate R. Paxton,
San Francisco; Bertha Pearse, .Yolo; Annie F.
Perkins, San Francisco; VVllhelmina Ramer,
Santa CJara; J. W. Reese, Placer: Nellie S. B.
Rengstcrff, Santa. Clara: Ara Riggins, San
Bernardino; Catherine F. Rlordan, San Fran
clBco; Carrie E.' Roberts,. Orange; Ella V.
Schillig, Sutter; Elizabeth . L. Shearer, Ala
meda;. Jennie Ca.meron Shepherd, Fresno; Eliza
beth Smead, Santa Clara; M. W. Smith,
Nevada; Jonathan Mallory Stark. Tehama;
Grant "W. Strominger, Los Angeles; Mary A.
Sullivan; Alameda; Irene Sweezey, Los Ange
les; Jennie^ L. Throop,- Los Angoles: Mrs. B.
M. Van Alstein; Tulare: Anna Louise Walte,
San Bemardinoi ; Pemberton .Walter,.. Mendo
cino; Stella F. iWarburton, San Diego; Mary
Clelanfl.' White, Mendocino; Mary /Wolcott,
Fresno; Harriet- E. -Warden, San- Francisco, y ,
New Issue life diploma-^Fanhie'E. Coleman,
San Francisco; Allce-E. Lynch. .San Francisco;
Nora Moynihan, San Francisco: Mrs. Fanny
P. Osborn. Sacramento; Nellie C. Short; Fresnoj
Nellie 'Colwell Morrison, Lake (duplicate).
Documents to accompany State University
diplomas— Evelyn D." Armer,' Sun Francisco ;
Hamilton S. Groves. Fresno. —
. , diplomas of , the - high . school
grade— Arthur Oliver "Burke,. San Diego; Helen
M. Gompertz, Alameda; Jane E. Harriett, Los
Angeles; Frank E. Tuck, San Diego.
• ' Educational diplomas of the grammar school
grade — May V. Arnold, San. Francisco; Sophie
Athearn, San Francisco; Ida M. Bacon, Fresno;
M. Elisabeth Bang, Fresno; Florence E. Boyn
ton, Marin; Gertrude J. Cohen. San Francisco;
Sarah Coleman, Fresno; Callle. M. Coombs,
Mendocino; M. Frances Del prey, San Diego;
William A. Edgar. San Bernardino; Minnie B.
Edwards, San Mateo; Nellie Forrest, Modoc:
Birdeen Freeman, Calaveras; Nova Gllnllan,
Butte; Leander Good, Orange: Rachel E. Crow
ley Green, Lessen; Mildred M. Gregory, Inyo;
Mary C. Hartley, San Diego; Annie Gertrude
Harvey, .Fresno; Agnes Heiftihilwood, San
Diego: Felix E. Huber, El Dorado; Edith M.
Johnson, Monterey; Margaret Keddie, Piumas;
Annfe B. Keiller, San Diego; Grace Kimball,
Fresno: Louise H. Koch, San. Francisco; Alta
Lane, Colusa; May H. Lanigan, San Francisco:
Will A. Latta, Sacramento; Charlotte Lavery.
San Francisco; Hattie F. Lewis, Fresno: Ella
Linser, Mendocino; Harriet McAfee, San Fran
cisco; Mollle F. McDonnell, Marin; H. E, Me-
Lane', San Francisco;: James McMurphy, Men
docino; Arthur T. Merrill, Tehama; C. Caro
line Middleton, Shasta; Mabel ..Minard. Fresno;
Thomas B. Moffltt, Calaveras; Fred T. -.Moore,
Fresno; Julia M. Neppert, San Francisco;
Louise C. Neppert, San Francisco; Ida M. Perl,
Ban Francisco; Katherine L. Reardoh, Tuba;
Lalia S. Richards, ¦ San Francisco; Martha H.
Ritchie, San Francisco; W. D. Rutherford.
Butte; • Margie Simonson, Mendocino;. May
Boule, San Francisco; M. Pearle Sooy, Yuba;
Minnie A. Stoddard, Mendocino; Rose C. Stole,
San Francisco; Mary D. Tanforan, San Fran
cisco; Elizabeth Taylor, Monterey: L. Eliza
beth Whitney, I Marin: Bessie? M. . Wilson, Ven
tura; Laurola S. "Woodhams," Santa Clara.
Documents to accompany Normal i School'
diplomas— Sarah P. Annis. San Diego; Ernest
B. Babcoek. Los Angeles; Mrs. Laura" B. Bag-
State Board of Education Suspends an As
sistant Instructor at Berkeley
University.
DEALING WITH CHRETIEN
DISASTROUS TO PHI PPS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 14,1901.
16
PACIE1C STEAM WHALING CO..
SO CALIFORNIA ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First av». and Tesler way, Seattle.
T. L. ELLIS, Master.
"Will leave San Francisco on
SATURDAY, April 20, 1901
..THRASHER goes DIRECT TO NOME.
JEANIE goes by way of Seattle, leaving- that
port on April it.
S. S. VALENCIA. J. M. Lu«, Master, leaves
San Francisco May 24, 1901. and Seattle May
SO, 1901, for Nome. Teller. Bearing, Gotofnlo.
etc.
For passage asd fattght apply to
P. H. MASON. Master.
S.S.THRASHER
S.S.JEANIE,
Golofnin, etc.
Teller, Behping,
y
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
W-. '• . wharf. Ban Francisco: .'•
v^fc^_ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
iffiajHfth. April 11. 16, 21. 28. May 1.
ESfunst Change to company's steam-
STK^Sa ers at Seattle.
mSH «| For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
M&SC2&-&I" C). Port Townsend, Seattle,
"•^^fflHis Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
U* and Ne-w "Whatcom (Wash.) —
" -*"• 11 a. m., April 11. M. n. IS.
May .1. • and every fifth • day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., April
13, 18. 23. 28, May 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucoe. Port Harford (San Lais Oblspo), Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. Ban Pedro,
Kast San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Mafrdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Roea-
lla and Guaymas (Mez.)— 10 a. m,, 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing- dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). .
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO., Gen. Afta..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
When Using Catarrh Medicines.
•Catarrh la the short route to consump-
tion and the importance of early and judi-
cious treatment of catarrh, whether locat-
ed in the head, throat or bronchial tubes,
cannot be too strongly emphasized.
The list of catarrh cures is as long: as
the moral law and the forms in which
they are administered, numerous and cou-
fufeing, from sprays, inhalers, washes,
ointments, and salvas to powders, liquid?
and, tablets. ,..-..¦ .-._..
» The tablet form is undoubtedly the most
convenient and most effective, . but with
nearly all advertised catarrh remedies it
is almost entirely aVmatter of .< euesswork-
as to whal you are taking iritoyvour sys-
tem, as the proprietors, while making- all
sorts of claims as to what their medicines
will do, always keep it a close secret as to
what they are. • ',_.*;,.
The -success and popularity of the neiy
catarrh cure, atuart's Catarrh Tablets.- is
largely because it not only cures catarrh
but 1 because 'catarrh sufferers who i use
these tablets know what they are taking
into their systems. Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets ; betng .composed of- Eucaiyptol, Hy-
drastln, Gualcol and similar valuable and
antiseptic ingredients; and are pleasant to
the taste and being dissolved in the mouth
they take immediate pffect upon the mu-
cous lining of the throat, nasal passaees
and whole respiratory tract.
• The cures that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
have accomplished. in old chronic cases of
Catarrh are little phort of remarkable,
and .the advantage of knowing: what you
are putting Into your stomach Is of para-
mount importance when it is remembered
that the cocaine or morphine habit has
been frequently contracted as the result
of using secret catarrh remedies.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets meet with cor-
dial approval from physicians, because
their antiseptic character renders them
perfectly safe for the general public to
use and their composition makes tbem a
common-sense cure for all forms of ca-
tarrhal troubles.
All druggists sell tbem at 50 cents for
full sized packages. .
To Know. What You Are. Taking
IT IS IMPORTANT.
.... LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
83. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23, May 8
BS. GEO. W. ELDER.Satls Apr. 8, 18, 28, May 8
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
1 Montgomery St.
PORTLAND, Or., -£?;. :
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail op steamshto and rail, at
Only Steamship Line to
O. !*• & N. CO,
STHASmRS "WTLI. LEAVE "WHARF COR-
ner F^rst and Brannan streets, at I'd m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callln- at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connectlnjr at Hongkong with gteamera for
India, eta No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. *
S3. NIPPON MARTT.... Friday. May S. 1901
ES; AMERICA- MARU. "Wednesday, May 29* l!Kil
BS. HONGKONG MAP.U. Saturday June U 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. «"."<.<*
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAJHEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YAfiD AND VALLEJOL
Steamer " Monttcello."
MON.. TTTES., 'WED.. THTIRS. AND BAT
at J:45 a. m.. J.15, 8:20 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night): Fridays. 1 p. m. and 8:30 Sundays.
10:30 a. m., * p. m. Landing and office, Mia-
»lon-«t. Dock. Pier No. S. Telephone Main 1308
From New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kenslnj^on ....April 24 iSouthwark May 13
Zeeland ..May 1 Vaderland May 23
Frlesland .May 81 Kensington May 29
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPA.VT
CHAS. D. TAYLOR, '
General Ajent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
RED STAR LINE.
New Yorfc and Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourg:, westbound.
Prom Ne-w Tork Every "Wednesday, 10 a. ml
Bt. Louis April 24|St. Louis May 15
New York May l|New York May 22
St. Paul May 8' St. Paul..'. May 29
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSDOH, PABIS.
S3. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Thursday. April 18. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Monday, April 12, 4 p. m.
ES. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
...'. .Saturday, April 7!, 2 p. m
J. D.SPRECKELS & BBOS. CO., General Agents. 327 Harket St
Btn'l Passenger Office, 643 Marital St.. Pier In. 7, PacHI: St
oceanicsjxo.E«S
NOTE.— We never tend belts "On Trial," there-
fore ta ordering "Dr. Pierce's" no riak is run of
contracting »ki n i>Wra«e or other Disorders by
\uing an appliance prevlau«1y won hv other
•ennna. Pall, or wnd a 2c. stamp for new "Pooklet
So .*.* Address: PIERCK KLEfTRIC Co.
1145 r.roadiraj, (near 26th Si.) >'ew York.
Or 63O aiapfcct Stre«t, San irinci^o.
America Ahead of the World la Electrical Inren-
noiut Ererybody knows this! Our new Body-
Battery, (U. 3. Patent) Is strictly an American
invention— TUB Belt of the Century. It sends a
powerful, reversible current through the human
body rrt»m llemd to Ko«t. curin«r Chrome and
Aerrous Diseases and Weakness of Male or femaltj
*» if by ifagic So positive are we that no other
belt Is the equal of " Dt. pifteo's," that we will send
it o.\ APPKOVAL for comparison with any belt
now sold la America. " Seeing ia CclieTing.'*
Dj. PIEBp ELECTRIC BELT
S. S. Leelanaw sails Saturday, April 2O
S. S. Ar£yH sails Monday, May 6
S. S. sails Monday, May 2O
From Harrison-st. 'Wharf, 2 pm.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market rt.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
Cabin. $105; Steeraee, $40.
PANAMA R. R. %?*"'
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOUEf;
These steamers are built expressly fo- Cen-
tral and South American passengw service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freleht
and passenger office. 318 California ¦treel
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & cq. I^nts.
C0KPAB5IE GBUIKALS TKAKSATLAHTIQITE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARli " Aa "« DB
Sailing every Thursday, instead of 8 *^
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -SSSy?
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
w JJ?^^i Jao .. an<J u P f ward. Second class to
Havre, $45 and upward.- GENERAL AGFvrT-
FOR UNITED glAraS Sd C&aDA? 1 "
iffi^i. ( ?X ta 2 b « lldln ?). New York. J.F.
Dfi. BALL'S REIN YIGOHATORfK^
Five hundred reward for any L^T*^^
case we cannot cure. Thi-» g-cre' g?^ tea*
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours 1 |
cures Emissions, Impotency. Vart- km WZp
VSf??**-*. 8 ** 1 *^ l9d - « bottle: 3 F^-^g
nZSaJQ^l, MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S55
ISrtiT" 3 !* O^ k^ aad / P* 1 - Al3 « 'or sale at UBtf
"*£^ et y , s v p -- AH Prlvata diseases quicker
cured. Send for trc« book
. « I was troubled with indigestion for about two
years," -writes Wm. Bowter. Esq.. of Juliaetta.
I«atah Co.; Idaho. . "I tried different doctors and
remedies but to no avail, until' I wrote to you
and you told me what to do. I suffered with a
pain in my stomach. and left side and thought
that it would kill me. Now I am glad to write
this and let you know that I am aU right. I can
do my work now without pain and I don't have
that tired feeling that I used to have. Five bot-
tles of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
and two vials of his 'Pleasant Pellets' cured
me."_ '-.¦-„ V'u - '•¦..'*
Dr.Pierce's Pleasant Pellets stimulate
the liver. ; •.
Strong l|i||
Arc :|?v
Voa? I
ing mactine -won't I*
ansv^er that question. jSjto^
Strength depends on f^ iB9 ''.¦
nutrition. " When the . —
stomach and other organs of digestion
and nutrition axe diseased, the body fails
to receive its fall supply of nourishment
and hence grows •weak. That is why no
man is stronger than his stomach. '..
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and the
allied organs of digestion and i nutrition.
The food eaten is then perfectly digested
and .assimilated and the body is made
strong in the only possible way— by nu-
trition. . •
For further- particulars apply to
" - JOHN T. HARMES,
. .- . ¦¦'-¦ •.•'.: " ' -¦ -¦.- 626 Market St.
Referees:- /.'. G.H. tTMBSEN,
" \ - . 14 Montgomery Bt.
- ., P. J. , SULLIVAN,
.'•'.'.. '*• Parrott Buildtae.
N. ¦-< ' E. •: CORNER BUSH • AND BELDEN
STS.. BETWEEN KEARNT AND MONT-
GOMERY STS.— Brick Improvements: renting
for J305 per month. Land assessed H8.060{ im-
provements, $2700.
AN ELEGANT LOCATION ON SUTTER ST
BETWEEN GRANT AVE. AND STOCKTON
ST.— Premises now occupied as a -wood and
coal yard: ground rent $50 per month. Land
assessed for 120, COO.
S. E. CORNER MISSION AND THIRD STS.
—65 feet on Third st. by 77:8 feet on Mission
st; solid 4-story and basement brick, building,
containing 3 stores on ground floor, renting for
1350 per month to one tenant, and 3 floors above
of 50 rooms, renting for $140 per month; and
assessed for $32,500; .improvements. $15,000. -:
14 Montgomery Strest.
G.H.DMBSEN1C0..
- j^j
Auction Rooms of
THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 1901
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
i Belonging to Heirs of
MATTHEW CROOKS.
Sntter, Near Grant Aye.
Cor. Bush and Belden.
BUSINESS PROPERTY
Cor. 3rd and Mission Sts.
REFEREES'
g wm iff mm nrnr m nrmnfmmmww wwmms nfUFmnrmmmw iiri.nmrnnifg
. Jt: Ju well-known New York importer who caters to the very fln«st retail trade offered onr New York -^
SI buyer abont 360 pieces of FINE BLACZ GOODS at a ridiculously lew price. "Want to clean up quick-
ly, 1 * as he put it. Through this fortunate purchase we are able to offer you the greatest bargains to fine
fc BLACK CHEVIOTS, BROADCLOTHS, VENETIANS, ALBATBOSS, CASHMEBES, BATISTE and PIER-
g~ OLAS, etc., etc This will be a great saving opportunity and you have our guarantee that the styles are 13
jT" ' alt the latest This great sale commences Monday morning at 8:30. with extra salespeople. Below we -^
S= quote only a few of the many bargains offered: * • :
75c Black Cheviot 44c Yard . St. SO Black Pierolas 75c Yard 3
60 pieces 42-lnch All Wool Black Cheviot, already sponged 100 pieces -fine Black Pierolas. in elegant and stylish small
•~~~ and shrunk, extra rood Quality; real value 75c. Sale A A r» designs, a rich, highly lustrous black; every piece "7^c
•^Z price Tarft'Tv worth $1 60. Bale price ...; 1 Yard C «*w _^ ,•
n i SI.25 Black Cheviot 75c Yard S/.5O Black Broadcloth 98c Yard 3
S^ 75 pieces 50-inch All Wool Black Camel's Hair Cheviot, an * 60 pieces 62-lnch AH Wool* Broadcloth and Venetians, a rich, —an
excellent, firm cloth, shrunk and sponged, suitable for tailor elegant black, in light and- medium weights; -fine for tailor
*E*~ suits or skirts; regular value, {1.25. Sale price. '7PZr' gowns; regular value $1.50. Sale price. CfcMf* -™*
; ...:.Yard C Ow - 1 .J ...Yard «/C»W — —
g $1.25 All- Wool Henrietta 73c Yard 75c All-Wool Albatross 48c Yard =3-
46-lnch All "Wool. Henrietta, the soft, clinging material, ele- " ' Fine' quality All -Wool Albatross, the soft crepe effect, fine — g
ST~ |tst ridf black; regular |L25 Quality. Sale price. 7Q« black; regular 75c quality. Sale price i
". ,; .; ...- Yard (Ot „ Tari tOw -^
B SECOND WEEK OF OUR IMMENSE SILK SALE. §
•~E Am A the buying interest grows greater every day. To impress you with the bargain importance of the
sale we make t^ <g emphatic statement that we save you from 33 1-3 to 50 per cent on your purchases here. US
S= 75c Black Checked Silks SOc Yard ® 1. 75 All- Silk Black Crenadines S/./S 3
28 pieces Fine Imported Swiss Silks, In black and white One of the greatest offerings' of the. year and at the right r^2J
ST** and navy and white checks: all very desirable for nobby time, when they are so much ia demand— About 40 pieoes 4t-lnch _**
••"" firtswi and waists; regular ?6o Quality. Sale price. CZf\r* All Silk Grenadines, in checks and satin, stripes ; they <g|.18 rs
mmmm Yard OVfw are worth |1 7S yard. Sale price .'........ ..Yard v <!>* _^3
n 81. IO Black Taffeta 83c Yard 55c All-Silk Foulards 5Qc Yard 2
SP- Exeellent Quality 27-lnch genuine Swiss Dress Taffeta, of a 75 pieces exquisite. All Silk ; Satin-finish Twilled Foulards, — <m
fcJrhly lustrous finish; a silk that make* friends for this de- > S4 Inches wide, in all this season's latest colorings, as old ros«s ~*?
y— Mitment: regular J1U0 Quality. Sale price OQ/> new green, navy, new blue, brown, violet, etc.; latest designs; ZS
•d lT?7Z~7.. ...T. -. TariOOU excellent Quality; worth 85o. Sale prloe... *59C ~^"
£f 65c Black Satin Duchesse 48c Yard '~="m~~u^
«fc= 40 piece. All Silk Black Satin Duchess; a very nice quality; oSc BlaCK All-Silk 1 AriT\Ure 59c Yard
eerfect black: regular value 66c Bale price A.Qr' Nice quality All Silk Armure, bo desirable for waists PZCkf ~^»
fc; J~!!._r«7...-~:. Yard T-OC and skirts; well worth 85c Sale price.. Yard OoC _^
UH1N6 SPECIAL. ?" Z^m^- : — — ~^ COLORED 3
kp«>-» yy Purnlft* * *Crv*v* ¦ Pink, Cardinal, "**^?
«fc 29c a Yard. <« — : : ¦ ri 25c a Piece. 2
I ENORMOUS EMBROIDERY SALE. J
Over 50,000 Yards Go on Sale, Beginning To- Morrow, at Half Price =3
*^* A manufacturer of St. Gall. Switzerland, authorized his New York representative to sell his sample pieces of fine
•^ Embroideries and Tucktnes. We bought his entire line at a discount of 50 per cent from, regular prices, hence this re- — *»
markable offerirjR. It represents an unrivaled collection of choicest patterns In Edgings and Insertions in the finest
gT&de of Cambric. Swiss and Nainsook. Limited. space permits us to quote only a few Items. ¦•¦¦;. ¦' ¦' '. ¦ — *¦
fc l(\ r YABD. WOBTH 2OC-1O.0O0 yards, fine Cambric GREAT SALE OF FINE TUCKSNCS. 3
g 4 to 7 inches M^^Sl-^!^SS.B3 65C 3
fc IK:^"""yAKT> WO'P'rTT aOc-10.000 yards extra fine Cam- TKr YABD. SI .25-1500 yards fine Lawn -«.
IOC brtc Edie»^£a InsertloniTln neit dainty de- |CT C * "^ I^ e Striped • Tuckfngs, very effective for waists and
Jt= elens; 4 to 8 Inches In width; worth SOc. Bale prtce.Yard «OV/ yokings; regular value n.26 yaxd. Sale price .^™ J5C HZ
t: . NEW COTTON WASH FABRICS. g
E THE GRANDEST DISPUY AND SALE OF \ at &•£* S *$?£?%£?£ K SX^SSnTS :
if nRF^ SKIRTS ANfl WAIW -^^V'^^^%iSSJpi^^^^^^
£. dILK UHW5 5MHI5 AWU WAI^Ii. gg^*** -j^.^^rS^JiirSi^'wS- 2
fc ¦ e Jn V^S^^^^^^%^i^^^ T Te y rS C pSes ; ;ho,cestA m 'erl C an Zephyr" 2
g Sh^ 8 t ha^^ h oS^^^^^ SS ICtt HtW Eljgllin gif^lHL 3
Quickly we offer them at extra low prices. Come and see them. .-;, 7^ Yard. ggjbtro^ pink, r^d^d gw \ I £% =&¦
S S7.5O Silk Waists at S5.00 " KfKIS.^^'— * 7c 3
"vTe announce the foUowin* extraordinary Silk "Waist bar- «_ tr 't. nimltloc A special invoice of 150 pieces genuine Irish Z2
y~ gain for to-morrow: Z3C Illou UllllillCO Dimities, the regular 25c Quality, bought- z^£
500 brand new Peau de Sole, fine Ixmislne, Taffeta and hem- |C« Yard- ' at a great discount on account of late de- „
stitched Silk Waists, made with the puff cuff and bishop sleeves, 1 00 laiui . Hvery. All the newest spHng colortngs of —m
•t: hemstitched and tucked effects: all new and fresh: perfect fit j^j ye ilow. light blue, pink, navy, lavender and black and
ruaranteed; in black, cream, white, pink, reseda, preen, light white: elegant designs; fine for dresses and waists, f £?/-» — «
«fc= blue, pink and com: sizes 32 to 44; worth J7 B0. CTPI f\fi Special at • • Yard »»v "*
On special eale v " v Uorporl7-rt PhaPlbrav Sllk-rtnlBh Mercerized Chambray that -^
= S27.5O & $25 Silk Dress Skirts SI8.50 Msrcerlzfd CftamDray * & «*j s *£ l '»gr %srS£. m i& 3
2 0 new special models that were bought to sell befo« - C ?BaSfi@!^^fiSS 25C . 3
.£. regular %-alue J27 50 and J26. Sale price...............^v - met< cream and black: . « t raordlnary value.OK c
S6 5O Black Walking Skirts $3.98 at - Yard ODV
= 50 AU-Wool BlPck Walking Skirts, with seven gor*s. nicely MONDAY'S SAVING IN HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR. * " : 3
fc etltched on botlom: a perfect hanging ekirt; regular ««•»* pliUi./i»»a 0C« Unoa For Monday only we place on special =3
«^- \-alueJ650. For Monday [[1110.1811 S ZuC ilQlC sale 100 dozen children"s four-thread '^J
ST~" u ... eni/ \A/nf tt u/oicte <ft^ 7*5 IQf> Pfllr heavy-weight Hose, ' IXI rib, .'double -^
S^ NeW SllK WaSh WaiStS OO./O |3G rdll. ; k ne «s. heels, soles and toes: warranted —•
•= A new shipment of 150 new Wash Silk Waists in cream, fast black; slzes'5 to 9%: best 25c quality. For Mon- |"Q C -^
white and fancy stripeE; lined throughout: made of best Jap- day only fair mvw __•
fc anese wash silk; fast colons warranted; all sizes; a 0TQ-7« ,1 af |j p «' TCp \/pot« Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Lisle Vests, .--
mm " verr Dretty Waist for summer wear. Special at.. Each QU LdUlBd 1 3b ICOIJ w ith fancy hand-crc«heted yoke, in pink,
fc: . -»—*%— ROr blue and white; best 75c quality. PZf\s+ —m»
SI2.5O Silk Petticoats S7.25 . 3 JC » special at OUC --
S= Bilk Petticoats, made of heavy quality Wtf 75C HOSC v^ry lafe^u^ilnf'bla^ant^lofea!
ftouble ruffle and graduating floonee^ in an the new_ colorings. " reff ula775o qualltyf For Mon- =f|V,
5^ as sage, reseda, reds, cadet, cyrano and black, reg- Cyi— «H **" 1 day only Pair OUC^ —m
¦fc- ular value $12 50. Special at V * * . ,.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"CALTHOS"
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood.
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Sent Absolutely Free by Sealed Ma!! To All Sufferers.
e^^^^^z^^ N0 ? B Oi D ' 0R DEP0S1T SCHEME '
ikPP^^&^is^iiH The only preparation known to science which really
ir*in i iiBBKBifjH -*«C* cares Lost Manhood is " CALTHOS, 1 * tiie marve!ou3
1 >£r%'i$L French remedy discovered by Prof. Jul?3 Laborrte. It ia
1 IllilliSBil /r"% SSSolled in this country by The Von .Mohl Company of
WBEffl^^igSfBSm K. Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern which occupies a high aad
I ISlSi^^li&a /{ ¦*£/* houorable place in the world of medicine. It is one of the
lar^St anfi most responsible houses in Oncm M u, a.
Wf^ i! $&$r^Z IV^ aayone who is acquainted in that city will tistify.
fl^^l^ The Von Mohl Company invite* al! men snjferins
SM^fe^&tar ft Ilia froai Lost Manhood, Spermatorrhoea, Vancocele, Small
f&%8$M?&/ /.V> // §3 Pa»-ts or Weakness of any nature in the Nerves or Sexual
*$;M$$?iffl • A\^"~^v/. ft* Orirans, to send their names and receive a five days' treat.
M$$*"4&jy fffl*zSd''/n\ I ment. This will prove the wonderful vitalizing powers
HtW#f£/ /&MZ&t-Sy// I of ?•CALTMOS." After using: it five days the sufferers
E&Xi&ir:! $$<&&£'/// 1 I I ivill find new vigor in their organs, new torce in their
ft^i*':^ Wf\\sty//I \ muscles, new blood in their veins, nerv ambition, aad
8£l^ri Wi£r^£A<A ra P id P'Og ress toward the buoyant leehnga and sensa.
I^^^St PyY/l » A tions of younger days.
j£4fi?*M Ml \ l\ This liberal free offer is genuine. There is no swind.
H \\ \ A\ lin" C O. D. or Deposit Scheme connected witb It. The five
HskSSwSbV t U I W ' davs* treataent is sent by sealed mail to all on requ est,
PSfa&'fe'iak V^ \ '/ wrapped iu a plain package, and full printed instructions
a fj^ v &!L_Tv^ II / \ accoapacy the medicine, so that each patient becomes
K BL^^"*a!u» I JA\W hi3 owa doctor and curc9 himself at home.
gj&g&S&i&Il \ \U'/ it doesn't rnaie any difference what caused the we«i:»
Hifll^— J=i<7 ness-whether bad habits in youth, or excess, or over-
HHm' Mf-^K work, or business troubles. "CALTHOS will effect «
|||p^y&y-iga fe>\ cure, no matter what bigr name the disease may be caUcd
TKs*&i£ : i&53 The Von Jlohl Company treats all correspondence ia
(Slww&^JSraa fiM perfect confidence. Under no conditions will it maie
xMsltH public the names of the thousands who have written tes-
'*^' : -^ >: "£^«/^&?v ; 'A , timonials telling of their restoration to robust manhood
Si'^Jfl rJ^SxX'&J '/ afte- other medicines and appliances have proved worth-
!*y*H!?*$'i5Sw / O?^ rtr i less. "CALTHOS" is regnlarly used in the French and
ki : iil'ra £$?' I /' German armies and the soldiers In those countries have
K«t f & come to be perfect models of strength and vitality. Cures
pM^-^SaSi fei*§ / / : * : are effected at all ages fr/^ra twenty to eiprhty years. There
!^J"-'^S3T ;) ®J1 £^'^1/ A£" i3 no c^ sc (except whert he stape of epilepsy or insanity
|h£sW*V-*!ffi*f51 t£i?£?*7 I 1*$. nas been reached) which i will not radically, quickly andl
K^' ; "Sk«^WI Vi^i \ *^ V permscently cure. Sex* si weakness does not cure itself.
U&^|5?r*i*a fcaSa*. \ It grows worse from wee k to week. Each day aggravates
R?$J 1 V Xs^^Hiii^^ the mental and physical alguisli.
'•35' * V.«\^ >«Si Send today for the fii* five days* trial treatment. If It
-" helps you, more of the 4n.tlicine can be purchased. If it
does not Help, no harm is done and no money his been paid o* t. Yon can send vou r name ia
the full knowledge that it will be kept from all. The " CALl tW'S " department of our business
is strictly confidential. Address applications for trial treats***, etc., tc<
THE VON MOHL COMPANY. 700 B, Cincinnati tL ( »JZSS££i?tt5&Sfig2g£
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay^
. For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agta,,
.:- - , 10 Market street
For Nome Direct.
Steamship Senator
and splendid
Will Sail • :
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at. Seattle with the company's new
CITY OF PUEBLA
THE STEAMSHIP
Pacific Xoast. Steamship Co.
Hi NOME
GOLDFIEL.DS.
H. R. DUFFIN, Agent.
S3S Market Street, opp. Palaca Hotel,
SAN FRANCISCO.
(W. S. HIGGINS, Master.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
about May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th.
For passage or freight rates can or address
Steamship Ruth
Golofnin Bay,
Nome City aod
Teller City.
| B. KATSCHINSKlTTj
§ PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
j] 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco, g
§ A Stylish I
I Vesting-Top I
I Oxford $1.35.
\ I It'B not every day that a bargain jj
j like this is offered, and only once I
H In a while can we secure such good R
B values to sell for so little money. I
I} This ¦week w^e offer a Ladles' .Vld I
r| Kid Oxford Tie. with embroidered |
vesting tops, coin toes and patent B
; leather tips, and hand-turned soles; Eg
sizes VA to .$. widths B to E; re- |
fluced to 81.35 i
i Mailed Free— Our New 80-Pa«« H
Illustrated Catalog-. Send for one. B
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. IMODESTO. April 13.— The litigation and
delay caused by lawsuits in the. Modesto
irrigation district are coming to a close.
Conferences have been held by the or
ganization opposed to the completion of
the canal under the Wright law and the
directors of - the Modesto irrigation dis-
Sattling- Irrigation Suits.
their women folk, attacked the factory
to-day and with drawn daggers forced th»
workers, to cease their tasks.
Sale of Placerville Bonds.
PLACERVIL.LE. April 13.— One hundred
bonds, aggregating- more than, $40,000, . is
sued by the City Council to refund the
old outstanding bonded indebtedness of
tho city of Placerville, were sold to-day.
The entire issue went to local bidders at
a fair premium.
The Damage Repaired.
Faber & Co., the progressive grocers, of
.119 Taylor street, whose storeroom, whole
sale and shipping departments were total
ly destroyed by fire some weeks ago, have
eclipsed all ' records in rebuilding and are
now re-established in better and larger
quarters than ever. This improvement; re
sulting from what was at first regarded
as a calamity,* proves to be a distinct ad
vantage, for >the: rapidly increasing busi
ness of the firm. would soon have required
the enlargement of quarters equal to those
just completed.
' Whartqn Golden testified that In Janu
ary Caleb Powers told him that the. kill
ing of Goebel was the only way to settle
the contest; that several hundred men
should be brought here from the moun
tains, and that Taylor would pardon the
man who did the shooting. He said he
saw Ripley in the adjutant general's of
fice a few days preceding the assassina
tion. General Collier told Ripley, he had
no guns with which to equip the company
that Ripley had organized. Ripley said
he would buy Winchesters if he could not
get others. He saw Youtsey get the key
to the Secretary of State's office on Janu
ary 29. The prosecution then rested. ¦ .
A motion for peremptory instructions for
acquittal on the evidence presented by
the commonwealth was overruled, and At
torney O'Neal then made the opening
statement for the defense. He said . that
he was convinced his client was innocent;
that he did not even know Caleb Powers,
Finley or Youtsey. He barely knew. Tay
lor and had only met him on two occa
sions just- prior to the assassination,. and
the proof showed no link connecting him
FRANKFORT, Ky., April 13.— In the
Ripley trial this morning W. P. Reeder,
ex-County Clerk of Knox County, testi
fied that he talked with Caleb Powers and
Charles Finley frequently In regard to the
crowd they were organizing to go to
Frankfort on January 25. Witness asked
Finley if there was going to be a fight at
Frankfort. Finley replied that" he thought
so and that he would not be surprised if
Goebel should be killed.
Attorney in the Kentucky
Case Tells of Accused
Man's .Conduct.
CLAIMS RIPLEY
IS INNOCENT
O'Neal said both Governor Bradley and
Judge Yost were asked as to the point
Ripley was endeavoring to make when he
told of the conversation with Taylor in
which he used the words, "Goebel will be
killed." " Ripley saw • Youtsey passing
about that time . and recognized him as
the man he' had seen coming out of Tay
lor's office on January 29. Ripley related
the whole conversation, but attached no
importance to. Taylor's statement. The
court then adjourned until Monday.
Ripley. told him he thought these things
could be avoided, and inquired when he
should get his company ready. To this
Taylor said: . •
"My God, haven't* you got them ready*
yet?" ,
"This was all there was to this," said
Attorney O'Neal, "and no such construc
tion could rightfully be put on it as has
been done in this trial."
"Oh, my God, Ripley, these are terrible
times. Goebel will be killed. I wlll.be
killed and there will be a riot here. '
In explanation of the testimony of ex-
Governor Bradley and Judge Yost, O'Neal
said a mountain had been made of a mole
hill. There was great excitement in
Frankfort on January 29, and when Rip
ley went Into Governor Taylor's office he
found the latler nervous and wringing
his hands. He asked what was 'the mat
ter, and Taylor said: . .
with the conspirators or with any part
of the conspiracy.
trlct, which have resulted In the appoint
ment of committees with full power to
act. It is expected a conference will taka
place with the bondholders in San Fran
cisco next week.
Barber Shop Burned.
PETALUMA, April 13.— The Mills bar
ber "hop in the heart of the business cen
ter of Petaluzna. was burned this morning 1
by a fire caused by the explosion of a coal
oil stove. -
Passengers.
LOS ANGELES, April 13.— Some 950 Por
to Ricans engaged as laborers for the
plantations of Hawaii passed through this
city early thie morning. The train was
In two sections, arrived at 3 a. m. and
went through without delay to the long
wharf at Port Loe Angeles. The 6teamer
Zealandia awaited their coming, they
were placed aboard early this morning
and at 1 o'clock the steamer sailed for
Honolulu.
Two deaths occurred between here and
Infllo, attributed to anaemia. One of the
victims wae a boy aged about 9 years and
the other a young man probably 23 or 24.
The bodies were left here for burial.
Zealandia Starts for Hawaii With
Nearly One Thousand
PORTO RICA2T LABORERS
SAIL FOB. THE ISLANDS
Arthur Tfrvntu o f Stockton Found
Guilty After a Series of Sensa
tional Prosecutions.
STOCKTON, April 13. — Arthur Ennis,
ecn of ex-Supervisor Ennis of this county,
¦was found guilty of petty larceny to-day
by a jury, in having stolen, in company
with "Jack" Stennett and Paul Davis, a
hog from the Sargent ranch. The case
was a remarkable and sensational one in
many ways. This was the /fourth trial of
Ennis. Stennett, his companion In crime,
was acquitted of the same charge. He was
afterward acquitted of perjury and later
convicted of stealing a nog from another
man. He then turned State's evidence and
gave testimony which resulted In the con
viction of EnniB. Davis was convicted on
the second trial.
District Attorney Ashley, who conduct
ed the case for the people, openly accused
A. H. Carpenter, attorney for the de
fendants, with subornation of perjury, and
Carpenter has sued Ashley for damages
in a large sum. The jury was out four
minutes to-day.
TBIE3) FOUR TIMES FOB
THE THEFT OF A HOG
Creek district railway jumped the trade
and completely turned over at the termin
al station on the corner of Second and
Myers avenues to-day, injuring the motor
man and ten of the passengers. The most
seriously injured are:
J L McClure, miner, serious concussion
of the spine, also internally injured; will
probably die.
Mrs. W. C. T. Little, left hand badly
sprained.
E. W. McKee, motorman, left wrist
wrenched and badly bruised about the
face and head.
Patrick Carmody, serious Injuries about
the head and back and right leg broken.
Thomas McCann, right leg and back
badly injured.
Rolland Wills, cut on face and hands by
broken glass.
Annie Rogers, bruises on head.
At the head of Poverty Gulch, several
blocks from town, the motorman partially
lost control of the airbrake. The car ¦was
running twenty miles an hour when it
struck the curve, which is very sharp at
the point where the wreck occurred.
There were twenty people on the car at
the time of the accident.
Serious Disaster on the Electric Sys
tem in Cripple Creek Disables
Eleven Persons.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., April 13.— An
electric car on the high line of the Cripple
PASSENGERS INJURED
IN WEECK OF A CAB
It is said that the general offices of the
proposed consolidated roads will be in
Denver, with offices in New York.
The absorption of the Rio Grande West
ern by the Denver and Rio Grande will
include the Western's interests in the
Colorado Midland and the Rio Grande
Junction, the mines, all branches in Utah
and all other interests now owned by the
road. The Western Express Company
¦will be consolidated with the Denver and
Rio Grande Express Company.
In connection with this statement comes
a rumor that Colonel D. C. Dodge, second
-— Mce president and general manager, will
be Trumbull's right-hand man, and that
E. T. Jeffery. president of the Denver and
Rio Grande, also will have a prominent
position in the new consolidation.
Trumbull is now president of the Colo
rado and Southern, Colorado Midland and
Fort Worth and Denver City railroads.
The consolidation of the Denver and Rio
Grande and the Rio Grande Western is
going steadily en. Colonel Dodge and Ste
phen Little, the latter controller of the
Denver and Rio Grande, will arrive in
Denver to-night from Salt Lake, where
they have been checking the accounts and
property of the Rio Grande Western.
It is said that the Colorado and South
ern, Colorado Midland and the Denver and
Southwestern will be in another consoli
dation.
Southern will be secured next month,
Gould Is already in control of the Den
ver and Rio Grande, the Rio Grande
"Western and the Colorado Midland rail
roads, and it If said that he has practi
cally secured control of the Southwestern
and that his control of the Colorado and
DENVER, April 13.— The Republican to
£ay says: Frank Trumbull, according to
Information from New York received in
Denver yesterday, is to be the president
cf the consolidated Gould railroads in Col
orado. This consolidation will include the
Denver and Rio Grande, Rio Grande
Southern, Rio Grande Western, Colorado
Midland, Colorado and Southern, Fort
Worth and Denver City and the Denver
and Southwestern railroads.
Exported President of the Colorado
Consolidation of Railroads Now
Directing Other Lines in
the West.
Frank Trumbull Said to
Have Been Selected for
the Place.
GOULD SYSTEM
NAMES A CHIEF
Pillar Falls at Westminster.
' LONDON,-. April ".13.— Some-: alarm . has
been caused by the fall of an 18-foot pillar
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., April 13.—Al
fred" Alexander, father of Fred Alexander,
the negro who was burned at the stake
for the alleged assault and murder of
Carrie Forbes and for the assault on Miss
Roth has filed information with the
County Attorney - against . a" number of
those narticipating in the burning and
asks for a warrant for their arrest on the
charge of murder. - . •
. Before < issuing the warrant the County
Attorney decided .to' examine, witnesses,,
under the law passed by the , last State
Legislature. This examination is con
ducted In the iiature of a star chamber
affair and already ten or twelve witnesses
have been examined. About twenty more
witnesses - are to be examined' before the
County Attorney decides whether he shall
issue the warrant 'or not. v Both • the
County Attorney and Alexander refuse to
give the names of the witnesses or the
nature of the testimony or indicate ' the
result of the investigation, wlilch is to be
continued Monday.: , -•- ,. . . .
The news of the investigation and the
prospective issuing of a warrant i is caus
ing great excitement in the city, especially
among those who were clamorous for, the
punishment of Alexander. It was learned
to-night that Alexander, will ask for war
rants for "William." Forbes, whom' he a.c-'
cuses of setting fire to his son," one of the
city -officials "and a. policeman, whom he
charges assisted in piling, the fuel around
the • stake and aiding in the burning."
Father of a' Negro Who
Was Burned Applies „
¦ for. Warrants. •
INVOKES LAW
AGAINST A M0B
; V SEVILLE, Spain, April 13.— The strikers
from l the— cork '- works,'* accompanied" by
Women Aid the Strikers.
• PETALUMA, - 'April - : 13.— Dr. George
Ivancovich to-day purchased. the interest
of the other heirs in the estate of the lat©
Asa Higgins. The sale settles . a contest
which was^-to , have been brought against
the filing of the will of deceased. Higgln*
at his death a few months ago left most
of? his 540,000 ; estate > to his grandson-in
law, Brainerd 'Jones. To Dr. Ivancovich
and J.H.' Morrison, he made small be
quests of landed property.- Morrison, who
is a - brother-in-law, objected to . his por
tion and threatened to bring, a contest in
virtue of an $S0O note ' of . Higgins to his
mother for money loaned.v The money
gave Higgins his start some fifty years
ago. • . '¦..-.' ;'..-¦ • r
Settled Out of Court.
-The bridal chamber has been .turned into
an improvised hospital ward and the^ bride
has taken up j the occupation of nurse. A
new date. for the wedding will be named.
PETALUMA, April 13.— Just. because the
bridegroom had three ribs broken by be
ing run . over by -a truck, . a society wed
ding: • dated- to - take ; place - to-morrow in
Napa, has been called off., The principals
are Miss Nellie Conniff of this city j and
John Conniff of:Napa. .¦¦¦.'¦ ¦ /
Everything was nicely arranged for the
nuptials and a great party of friends-had
gathered at the groom's home, among
them the, bride's family from this city. Mr.
Conniff, who is an attache in the State
Asylum at Napa, took a yacation the first
of the week to prepare for the wedding.
He went to San Francisco on Friday, and
while there was run down by a truck.
a Truck While in j San
' . ':. Francisco. , .
John Conniff of Napa Run Down by
in , Westminster Abbey.* The pillar ¦ stood
In the side chapel northeast of the chan
cel.' It fell with a tremendous crash,, was
shattered into small pieces and dam aged
the tomb of Lord Norreys." Investigation
showed that a similar column In the same
chapel was very unsafe. . Steps have been
taken to assure stability. ¦
INJURY TO BBH>BQ»0OM
v-- : - POSTPONES A WEDDING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 14, 1901.
17
AX)VEBTTSE2£EirrS.
To make breakfast an enjoyable meal,
commence with Malt Breakfast Food. At
ell Grocers.
One trial of Malt Breakfast Food has
demonstrated to thousands of men and
v.r.men its health-giving qualities, and
they have quickly and gladly given up the
use of oat rneal and other grain foods that
taxed dicesticn.
The ablest physicians after repeated
tests and experiments now fully recognize
the value of Malt Breakfast Food for the
morning meaL
Malt Breakfast Food Ib made of pure,
fresh Malt and the choicest Wheat. This
matchless health breakfast Food gives us
the Malt in its simple natural condi-
tion. When Malt is used In II Quid form it
is spoiled by admixture of fermented
liquors and is Injurious to digestion.
If people would u*« th« health and
strength Blvinp properties of Malt to ad-
vantage they should eat It
Malt Breatfast Foofl
Eat Malt as Pre-
pared in
DO NOT DRINK IT!
I ewwww^^n«twv^,|, The large >w * & \n & r ¦ ;:. .: -^ .. ;:_.....:- m' : ' 'j&s^^L I TheciothingifcS'^'^^
! I Tmkot &®i®. I ' of the i§|f|f ij||i^^3lll *! a " new ' deZ * Cigar SaSe. i? %
$ %2C00 Tickets for the x P ast three vlllll XJMMA^JiJ^ .M#JI IJI^a^VM'*^ sirable spring fc Two Great Specials %$
|| (SfSSoSvf months, es- and summer g:#or.lAa.£MRr»,l¥o-lb{ {
| tf Exhibition $ peciaily those just preced--S te |^#BBBHldS ¦¦ra < iHS 9 ffRl^HBBffRiB' ( fi patterns and styles. Even £- Commenong Monday mommg .«.,
* g oi industrial and Amcd Arts, now % mg Easter, have greatlv de- tlitF IIIIIESCf 1 Hi iil4fiIIiiSC^ if you have already bough- |^ t * e WaS 21 7 S I
U^^ZSt iy^$ c : matedmanylinlsofmen's_.. ::iL - '¦-:. m^ d : mij ' * O a f#^ &p@ wil 'I %Be mo»te-the , for | f
| I £d fe g , 5 c Rcjna Victoria size, at * f
I fc until the dose of the exhibit, | mg goods and hats.. To il#iJ5t i#l5lclii^ifilliitlmf^ these. b2autie?-$i? worth * 3 ior 25c. \ \
April 2o. Regularly 25c; our % these assortments of odd . . .-.¦..- <Up . r ' • ¦ & for -$q..4C It -w the time to * Jackson Square* *
j? j: special price— each / £J^ J : z?s and broken lots have \ '"',-'"',".' '. buy the boy's vacation suit— fc Cigars— ** old -standard 5 c | g
£ * Sc^ offlcVin* ' * * been added several large special purchases,- all \ of which \ one-third to one-half off if we have his size, and we $ brand, on special saie,_ J g
j; x Mam Aisie. Emporium. £ will be placed on sale this weak at prices so ridiculously are sure to have' k in some. one or another of the numer- $ ™ for 25c* g *
g %kM)iMMMk«w^wiiiwiWA low as to insure their clearance bekre clos'ng time ous offerings The hats; and furnishing goods are «^»«™wtt»iw«i*w«***w«* s
$ An Extra Value. n ° xt -Saturday nisht. : / '~-.: v eqnllyis desirable jDargains.: Read on. P&FBSOlS 2 Off*
$ W ~**J!' 9 ff*E Men's Fmc SacK Svits— The coats cut ' OUF Entire Line' Men'sWorKinaShtrts-In dark cassi-DoysVTwo-Piccc Suits-Made of strong mm^^^m^ n . $
I L^WS SxH&lf&S >-^ withthspo,- .-' , rtf8 >.. - rmr- patterns; regularly S oc; all AQ^ woo'en rcaerias, latest patterns in plaids an* 1/301103}/ U My. .%
St , , Js-V ularmiitary *KT Sfl S &<&m U 9J iS HOBS sizes;, this; we ;k; ............. VUV' in plain effects, stoutly fjC 3^ These «ie not old 5
| ' W "SiorcT To~Morrow&3,15. Men ? i**w«^W 2^7 S S tfft I
* TtK have two patent fanners \a1 best of linings, In" connection with our < 'odd dze; and broken -".""„" __ " , : ** regu'arly at J3.00 and \A particular lot comprises 359 4
K fl ?S «d. come in b«k and dl l^V mad c of hand- lot sale" in the M S n's Department, ' we • Tk'" W " f^ A "5W' ..A I400J on'specal sale VU/W Lthe most p«t j&Sg&F 5
fe> 4D^ staple shades Thiseame glove V^Sk some all-wool • offer for Monday only the iTl^A this f Oj» f^j3(\ ' Coaching ParaL, /^^* 5
£ Nh manufactured un era different s~>^Mh\ cheviots, cas i- ,-r^^*^ choice of our entr, stock of P" k? M I jLA <^^^P week »f a 0?0 / >^ \ and novelty trimmed ffl&^Wi^*
I CJJ ziz^fjrzjf ¦ 1 \ m ' res ? A th tf ¥CT-'E;ri5i& 5o iii"' Si p l?tS / f v\ -? »*« '.^^jL $
h NS^\ We p'aced a large import / T S» \ W • '" ! <' f^ week. M Suits - Materia!. arc L » . V^) ot styles nnuble for <Zt^®W^ *
% C0v\ orCer P uitht.eF^c"h— / \ Tr SidV P *><* * B & Fan cv Si kTeck g , If aU-wool C lev ot. and ' X/ 9 ?
S Y\\ f«turer and a'J 3 weJ him to / 1 \ Jw^rd ffe«^^ ' ThcSC ShDCSari Scar s, special f| W Cassimeres, doube- f •* II JS? W&§^ «
llXVWS eump them "Triumph" in- / // , r 'l "J PvWW niccn the ht st ...... 22O M J^K Ireastei v =t t3 of sam; \^ J— J . number of Chil- P^nL. .%
K IJVWCX «ead of their red name and / / f I «r>yv:ca«, W^W 'ffiaK. lasts, in 50c and 75. De $4 /ffim material, r.e> Lr boys <U TT I I dren s and Misses A f\}/ .««
J I P^ are thus enabled to off.r you \J I / / Tits I'scedal l^UM^V' the 've 7 ' Joinvile ' ', M M9\ ,o" «./,6 j^, sold A/ Parasols m the lot. \ \ : |
I l|l; this exceLent |i. 25 glove \ ' /O > J/ "?™ l : • . . nobbie.t Scar s, sreial |I «PSi ¦ --«p»7 ¦* iS-c? and III \Jf tab 2^2*
•f {^ at *£# 4ff+ \ \P3 l{ W "£~i- : /g" 7\ andmost- ......23O "\ W$h VWfiLMil \\k |6.oo; our sae price. . T Ti 1 1. 00 Parasols 5»O *
J Jl_- fe$l -.. .-J\J M .- Vrw of styles, and coiu... 4 ...n. lather lace or .and Strng. HlimB J U.- $a.oo Parasol.
? M&wNations. -*SfT T SS K ----™^^ If^S^;::;::;:::::::::::lf:gg j
I Hookon Hose Supporters, J«i ? FJ™ ' g^g^^ : " Isc^^. .................. SO ~ *£lF3^**, »«*« ' B ikO SuppliCS j
2» , ZOO to 4»f *UU . . - r - • ¦¦:-'•¦. • ;...,• i . . . v . . 1 and b ues, pretty silk vests, so!d regwarly at • ¦ ¦ -» ¦ «
I Safn Belt Hcs, Suppo.ter^, colors, pair. that « eularlv at ,, 7 JO *«*S F«MT SuspenderS-All high- Men's JapODOt HandkCT^IS-With a ; $ 7. so; o^ tpcck l -|- At D 3p't StOrO PHOOS. |
£ ChildreV-i "Co'wid'^eHiisuroorten oair prking E.gUs, worlds, fine French vicuna ox- Z&fc webb-ng 5 oc- value this weec woven dJc initia', on .pecal sale at .¦ - thi, week. V+mM+9 If you ride a bicycle, it wiU pay S
a? y Cind 12c fords and camtrId e e mixtures » a11 in exclusive *5 C «'« « h " week 'S&g* «•••••• • • • • • • : • - " B oys » Dussian. Blouse Suits— Made of . you well to buy tie necessary ropplies
ft Ladies" Side"combs,' shell anu am. er, par msrehant tailor . patterns, correct in ftyle and ... •• Bm9%0 Men's UndcTWeaT All that are/ left . . fine EngUsh Serge and Vel- in the big Store. • X
•T 9 «.V««s'ori' weir: sold rcgularlv at $15.00 and $17.50; linen finish handkrrchie^s, sp en- «f >^M\V \W\*llMi " h«w weight- luJ TVW .^ SS*3-m&2& Sheep Bells, wuh Strap, 25 • .«
K Skirt Binding in every mak^yaH w«k.:.;. Bo ys' Unhund^d ShirtS-Our regular /K\|IIim- ' j" 1 "^^ at P Jf Suib - Made of all-wool "Nerer Leak" T.re FuM, can, 5QO, $
% F«th e ;Stftih-toM."wnte.nf?oi?5S? Men's H.tS -Commencing Monday 50c va'^ . « X 3 K and x 4 only; also a «|||» E^ffE- 4^7 Tweed, a^d Cassinnere,, in p fc M Gr^e^Sftauh f •>- 5
» o#l . ' A- ' ¦¦^-—^ and during the week a lot, o, Men S Shirts in s:z: 14 onlv; to be '""p'O^'l , ___ n _^i - : nto onc \\ / pretty, pleasing patterns; P. te M. Graphite, witn brush, f»O 1J
h 'I:- ; n r : e V? h ,1 • ° S. very large assortment of closed out at special price; each .^tf*_ : fftL I M\ Wand been \ A sing'c and double br^ted ¦ Stick Graphite, in nickel tube BO X
% 0k f AXTVM. u' V J /*"- =C\ odd I, L and broken . : dk&G M u , 1 W ££i Patching Cement, in tubes, 5© ;>f*
Iffl 1^- W Pi D «h2S&S£22J5oo |
S /P^A\ F^ * \ Ct ° $1 '?P &*m^-^m The Stiff Hats tirns 5 siz;s '5^^0 17; regu- -Wi» _ Cl0SC T7C Jki/^ fcWlPm^ Practial Luggage Carriers, £
S^r/ff^ ? m v natl °, n T, Pl !: : 7^^\ in lowns an larly $i. S o each; sale price.,. . /^© •• ,. ,......, * # «* i&£y ]rWrl 15O o $1 3 9 J
£ fe4 ( JLM Cushions and Thread #\ black, the Fe- M , e Stm p ' -.: t c Mcn's'Balbriaian Underwear— One line <&^- . |. Bicycle Wrenche^ 2. 0 to 35O "?
% MiV'y^W Holder ' each -— i= ;¦ M doras in Mctf$ . StlD . BttSOm Shtrts— Separate o f heavy Wc"t, one line of light we=ght, • r- > «^= to gire iliS Vimoid Repair Kit, 4JO £
5 ffVl lff\ iSl 2 ?° C&J^ brewn,- cuS t« __ .^^^^ -. . and one line of fleece Hned underwear; regul ff #'"'^ P ; M Dunlap Double Tube Cinch Tire, *
5 K«akBoots,och ....: mhlot, b»tw=h»t )0»t.l«msom,o»« th,s e ,him ? i ? | f ' „%!!«« p..j.m. s in h.nhom. ftttn,', blouse Boys' W a i 5 t S — ™jj]Mf B OTf 1U W " '!
| ••" 7 fi«» *7C-Fo r boy, and „,,„, S^ K^' J -^JT J
5 WaSh Materials* 'J'L^'h,^ nf ¦ V 3nd '" * i" ?• f \Wmf T^? " ffi 5 piade of 6 ood years, to ldregularlyat_ V4^T^ $1.15 X
*" __ - -- - AU WtdlllS Of bnmS and tieiRMS OJ $ I . 50 h, . :J . , ¦ ¦¦M&ZS&f and madras cloths; new patterns; *W *+ 75c and 95c: on spe- *£/ £
j£ KmHtra VatUeSm CrOWnS. - ' '. each;.Eires j| : ij.i: i* (jEgW "¦¦¦:. aUures; 75c value thh week. . m +M%0 cial sa e this week ....• A&g* Q 5
g Colored Organdles-a nice qua ity, . plain Mctfs Wo rK in ft Gloves— Heavy .'goit-;-.; spVc ?I1 IMLiyiMu^^ '^ - J^OI'S Muslin Night Shirts— Hand- SpOOiat SatO Of jj
bTak'can^et'Vard r> ' '/^C fkin « with leather-string fasten, a, good a thb / week ' somdy tnmmed, sizes ,6 to 18, 7S c and Men's ScamlCSS Cotton H0Se— Black Or WfaSfg* G ***%*! St I
I i^feiPS^ h^ fo : :::::::::::::::::;:;::::;47o I 57o :^ |pfp|^ «5o YrXSL |
J sOk fimshed, large line of styles and coloring, S^pa^.spe p , . , ,...¦,....¦..¦¦,..,.. . . , .. ., ...... __ _____ rf ___ opca JJ ;{
DiaTtieJ— neaV p^'tty' 'palm's' on' i'she'er ~ ' "¦'"'. [¦'¦'.".'"¦ '" "¦ ¦ "¦'.-' '." ' "¦ ' ' " ~~ = : ' _ ~ — ~ ~ T7I *^ 8 °° <1S> - * *f oxtment rf {|
| doth, that always look and wear wel, SpCCiZi SzlQ Of Ladies' an* I Children's , SpSCiai S^C Of SaiO Of WhttMff'S *£ o^c^^, Mondlf f^A S
JtiSv^—^«^2^i5-'|| r as«'-Oborfs. w^S^2"S?!?« Fine Stationery. ¦ <¦*** ! yTO i
g 3 a inches wide, in exqukite co.orings, yard ., ,- ' /•„ j x assorted stock of Ladies' and Children's Un- . r ¦ Whiting's French Organdy and White Laid i»ii^il»--i _fi>»-, MS»mwm—.~—. '5
«f ,250 50c Value for 29c— to morrow (Monday) derw . ar for 'Summer Ever/ standard make . __ -^ Io : dozen of thjs Paper in Titian and St. James square shapes, GrOGOrtCS — 'L.I tjUOTS j»
?. » nl y. about 9 00 yards or plain and mixed is reprccntei ' son's most stylsh neck 24- sheets of paper and 25 envelopes to |Ufnftff»1# <?ff#>r»f^#C *
I Cameras and Photo ' chcv . iot8 ' aU T 1 f t brxs '"^, medi r ""I l d Ji "ia* f«e" R!cheiiu Egyp^n t^^^/M ? ff V m ,-?L of g .^. d match » rc s ular -p*"* 06^^ 97#» "15* **hm**i 9a Z
X «»»»-.-,* J««- co.oring8, goods that will make spLndid JRI BS9G Cotton Ves% low neck and V^^^^^J b ack llbert y si:k » - on ( p;cial sale Monday only .... JZ £ G YlUtoS Best Eastern Sugar •$
|I atippSieS* wrappers and outing suits regular 50= fab- no sleevcSi co l arS , white, ecru, pink and =ky. >^^^^"^ e f gC %, b J * e . k Cured wiU be sold on A 5
| Note the big store's low prices on some of the ncs, on special si e Monda. whde quantity _| # Sw: t3 and Fancy. Ribbed Lisle 1|^W f " ' haS f el t ht Th** ff% 4*85 RQ &*»£**** Monday notwithstand- PI "5
S a mosr needed Ph.tographic Supples. lasts at the very low price, per 4® Q^ «-»»•? Thread Vests, Lw n:ck and ' ¥^ r jL long streamers of che- g ill& lL&&8SBU&5s8Og* Monflay, nOtWKWtana I, A
«? Seed or Cramer Banner Dry Plates: yard ." • colorswhite, ecru, "pink ani sky.' ¦«¦•** J» , niUe, , finished with _ m«_ I Raativ mg -' P""* / V-*-fi
S- 3^+X. doz..39c 5*7. <fo«i S^C • « ok,* jeis:/ ribbed Eg P ti«icoito:i l^i^^ gold ip-kes, imported rur may g£> neauy. Ham5 rapidly ad . / : T
1 4M 9 $:&B&££*1- Special. Sate of h Vt' h: fh n t rbn6 k or it*S£n& i^S^.^"^ fc JJ
J Eiko Cum Hydro-Develo er, 8-oz. ,2^0 On Mondav onlv those wh 3 Jltf««« Imp, rted Swiss RibSed Cot- ' W$ ' ' ¦ «oik, at apnee whwh Washington, wrth exc'usiv.- u.usttauons show- per 1b *«J»«r «
S Eiko Hydro Dvelo P ingPowdeA,^d^.2Jc rfft lik^ RicLd Eut's Su "-°" G -tJ- V«ts, fancy hani- W ¦ .. enables • u, . to offer »j some of the : cresses worn, the Prudent'. Best Pineapple, either whole or riiccd, the JJ
»C Met.HvdroDevelcpngPowceri^ooz^o K !l P £«cl «£ crocheted, 5 -!nch deep front, low neck and H them, Monday only .box, the fend^ecorauons, thedancing hall and large size 25c tins, Monday only /7O J
* No. 3 Folding PocKet Kodaks, */4-^^ 23 ElZtcZlTV? JZ^k- sleevelet, whi:e on y.- ¦ ; •'• ¦ ; : X'f^5^ '^ffl^:' W photography of many ot the principal lady par- Bird Seed, mixed or plain, Monday onl- , 6 J
V The Soicak- .he new enlarging Camera. if) dJcedprc^ to the Toi" «#»« Swiss Ribbed Lhle Thread - .' ..... &1.&B rampants, mc.udxng Mr, M.K.n!ey. It is also 1.; ZSO 3
* With this wonderful instrument the amateur ; 1 J3 P^ "'" ro 3n a ? &U Vests, high neck, long sker.-s, il i 5 o dozen "fine qua ity rep.etc w,th notes on fash.on andfin, art, short pj ne Tomatoes, standard pack 3 on.. 24 *
% can make better en! arg ements than the p.otes- J [ m j n Lol P ' ' eque." ran drawers to match, ankle cr-knee W ' hem titch.i and em- itches, etc., and the many arUdes that have WWit Adriatic Fi^J, I-lb package,, regu a-ly j
X sional photographers have hitherto s4-'hh Hudnufi Extracts — AU the length, open or do.ed, white, ecru, pnk, \ftl ¦¦„ ¦ broidered over Collars maie the magazine world famous. • Price 1 5c 10c, on Monday 3 packages 2So%
been ab'e to make. Soldak for jA j&LjS o or. HefoLfe sk> b'.u, or b ack. ' . the kind now .so much in demand, the reg- per copy; by sub^enpaon Ji.oo per year. Victory Mush, the # appetizing and hea.thtul
a I r»^45 tZssffga Wf/1 tf Sk?^^ Whie Iris, Et.-., the i ounce ROT, wr« m /M tfja^ Eg^a^ Bffi SlSi « KU !» and ask for a free ashion shee: and catalogue. 75c quality Port + ine. M^ndiyVgaUon.^3 J -J
» : EJOli &aBe. Wfon 8§K?: 5 ° CS M'r SP BiiK i^PlllSSi^BS^H^ 11^^ «~ , . > 75c quaJty Sherry Vine, Monday, gaJon . J
i These i.K pretty anl V|,'|, U fe«W . V> Ff .V vTu K ili S^ '¦'¦" SW^ H^BJPHff H M 1 ' Dt'C^S £.If|IH^« . * SSoS
V indestructible doL's, paper mache "I I • f 5W55g\i :U o anut s noridi Water— the BU M T BH JM / JH^WL HB g|a ' H iaJPJBW -B^ick and Colored 36-inch Linings, "looks like Johnnnb M ntral Water, regularly aoc a bo;t e, X
K head, glass eyes, flowing flaxen hair, If, \ Eill 1 1 1 1 hl!3 8-ounce bott.e, the joe «ze, ||| MW&* i* • BWEi ' taflfeta silk," yard fff© Monday, a bottles 25O '2
?» straw-stuffed body, pap!cr mache £__|J * '. spec al Monday 3SG pS**^ - j^T 4BB"»k "' T Wto Black and Co - Oiei Mercerized Satem, yard (Monday, dozen quart bottles Johannis Water. . °^
ft hands and feet, .rested in pretty Hudnut's Si chet Envelopes — heliotrope or SP* M^S^^H^ ilLiaS^ ©3L25A2&.1*- 35O $1 48) X
it slip, on fpecul sale -g •§ -^ \\ violet, the ace sire, special Mon- _^w^"« *^»«^o*^» "¦•'""»'¦ ¦".' ™ "¦"'"'¦"": — - "U— Black and Colored Silk Moreen, all shades, Uebk's Beef, Iron and Wine, regularly 4.5 a 3
g Monday only, each... M B €2 day ...19Q CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE yard .....BOO >bottie, special Monday only........ 3SO %
THE EMPORIUM.
THE • EJCPORTUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE -EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
jSpf ' _. We furnish complete jjj|-^j&
liHm homes, flats, rooming- TS^^^g^flf
M/m. houses and hotels from a -^l|gf|^sM j
¦'¦ /'™PfLl stock that embraces ' li|§||pii§H : j§| '
' Wwm : $ everything new in carpets, §§§^211 , M
j|ggiph=g3l curtains, furniture and -^»
draperies. Let us make special -Fine ein.
'¦>RBs^jj an estimate before you t T^£.*i£oo
': • bu>*» ;';/. ;¦
SPECIAL. — Solid oak ' '¦¦ B
¦'Si.^n^pSS Credit if you wish and P|lp s
. i*ir«H\- -* 6 - 50 goods delivered free with- J \lj If '
.tt5|v - in ioo miles of San Fran- 1 \| j|_
; ; I!!!? BRILLIANT .S:
.Furniture Co., Jf J I
3 P ECIAL- Willow <>OO-342 POSt St. SPECIAL - Solid oaJc
habv rocker.. ..$1 .25 _ : '¦ •' • . _ ' ' e 5i?I' wlm Sa«
Oooosite Union Square. arna »ooPoor Acoustic Properties
Due to the Draperies
of Mary Searles Gallery
BY BLANCHE PflRTINGTON.
THE SAN FRANCJISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. , Address Communications to. W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY .......... '.'. .....:....;......... .....I. :.'... 'I.': ........ V. ;•.'.* APRIL 14. ipoi
Publication Office <t^|||i|g> Market and Third, S. F.
THE SAN FRANCISCOf ;CALL, SUNDAY^ ;APRIL 14, 1901.
-A Connecticut .Judge recently decided :that ;if a man's cat be. chased by a dog the man has a
right to kill the dog,, no matter how valuable it may be^and how the- cat arid dog controversy that
has arisen over the decision is worse than any monkey and parrot time Connecticut ever knew/
Oh, yes, there .will be i'a hot time in "the old town" when McKihley 'comes; and it looks
now as if a good deal of -.the. heat will; be;due. to> friction. .U-^ ';..:;-¦ • . ¦ :
Reports from -Missouri ; announce that a rich lumberman in that -State, convicted of cutting
and taking lumber from Government land, was fined $18 and sentenced to jail for one minute. Is
it any wonder the cutting goes on anidthe law islaughed at? jfl • • !
KEW YORK, April 13.— The following-
Californians are In New York: From San
Francisco— J. C. Comstock, at St. Cloud;
Dr. Pelamo and wife, J. F. Decolaja, at
Plaza; H. N. Stevens, at St_ Nicholas.
CALTF031Z1ANS IN NEW YORK.
A RUN IN CRIBBAGE— E. G. R., City
In the game of crlbbage to form' a se-'
quence, which cannot be less than three
cards. It matters not which of the cards
Is played first, provided the sequence can
be produced by a transposition of 'the
order in which they fell. A play of 7. 4.
S, 5. 6 entitles the player of the last card
to a run of five, as by a transposition of
the cards he has a sequence of 4, 5, 6, 7, 8
START CARD-S., City. "Start card"
P n ack i by a^e 1 de t aler? ard tUmed Up on *•
DIMES OF 1£92-J. D.. Colma, CaL A
dime of 1S92 does not command a premium
from dealers. Dimes of that date that
have never been in circulation can be pur
chased from dealers for 25 cents apiece.
ALUM POWJ3ER— Subscriber, City The
powder asked about is probably powdered
alum, which when placed / In a wide
mouthed bottle in which. had been placed
a wire cross or .some other Bhaped wire
will attach Itself to the same in the form
of crystals. •¦ • .
CORTB MADERA CREEK-J. R; B.,
City. Corte Madera Creek in Marln Coun
ty is designated by the Political Code as
one of the navigable streams of Califor
nia. The laws of California as to navlea
ble streams and tide lands are to be found
in the Political Code. > fciVv ivu " u
MUST PAY-P., City. If you have de
cided to Join an association that im
poses the payment of a certain . amount
of money before you can be In good
standing you will have to pay the amount
ot you will not be able to secure the po
sition you seek, which is contingent upon
your membership in the association.
COW HORNS-M. Dunsmuir, Cal. ¦ The
query propounded is written In a very
legible hand, except as to one' word, and
*. ha h appears to be the RJst'of the query.
As it is not possible to decipher-the word
the information asked for cannot be given
Correspondents should carefully write out
their questions so there can be no misun
derstanding of what they desire to know
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A. C. Gehr, N. A. Sagar. P. A. Schmltt,
W. A- Vawter Jr. and R. L. Randolph,.
Chicago capitalists, are registered at tho
Occidental. They are en route to Hono
lulu, where they will Inspect a number of
plantations In which they are Interested.
C M. Coglin, secretary of the State
Board of Equalization, Is registered at
the Uck.
O." H. P. Noyes, a merchant of Yoko
hama, Japan, Is registered at the Palace.
B. Solon Holl of Sacramento Is at the
Grand.
F. C. Lusk, a lawyer of Chico, Is at the
Palace.
W. II. Malkln and wife of Vancouver
are at the Grand.
E. N. Cox. a merchant of Santa Rosa,
Is at the California,
L. W. Blinn, a capitalist of Los Asge
les, is at the Palace.
V. "W. Hartley, a vltlculturlst of Vaca
rille. Is at the Grand.
C. A. Downs, a mining man from Sutter
Creek, Is at the Occidental
Colonel A- K. Whitten of San Jose Is
registered at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
There is no room for sentiment in the. case. This, attempts ,upbn the courts and
the due administration of the law presents no extenuating circumstances.' These proceeding-s for
contempt ought not to stop with McKenzie, but should include "Judge" Noyes and the coterie of
lawyers who aided and abetted his outrageous conduct. It would seem to be highly proper for
these doctors of the law to take the consequences of the same medicine which they claim to have
administered to McKenzie. v. . - ;^ -^ : • : V
There is no disposition on the.part of this community to treat any one with unnecessary
harshness, but there is. something extremely suspicious about the way in which this plea of sick
ness has been put in;, it looks like the last dodge of a shyster lawyer. There is no occasion to ap
peal to public opinion. The court, haying this matter in charge may te depended on to act justly.
It should not be forgotten that when McKenzie thought he was master of the situation at Nome
he was tyrannical and merciless toward those who stood in his way. Some of the most respon
sible and worthy citizens of this State were then threatened with the : loss of their property and
financial ruin; it was hinted that their '> attorneys : might be locked up in Nome where the wind
would blow upon them; an attempt- was made. in one instance -to put. this threat in force. •
AS a part of the unwritten history of the career of Alexander McKenzie at Nome it is
related that after he had made himself receiver of nearly all the valuable mines -in that
locality and had adjusted ; his plans to compel the owners to compromise and. surrender upon
his own terms, a good;- deal of consternation was created in his' camp by the action of the
Judges of the United States Circuit Court in granting appeals from the decisions of Judge Noyes
made in furtherance of this, scheme of McKenzie; that a meeting of the. gang took place at
which some of its members exhibited a lack of courage to fly in the face of the Circuit Court of
Appeals, whereupon McKenzie, after the manner of Satan when addressing his fallen archangels,
proceeded to exhort his followers to stand by their guns, telling them of: his past, experience \\ith
courts, conventions, Legislatures and the like, in which he had never met defeat; what influences
he had commanded; how railroad trains had been delayed' to further his purposes; through what
means the appointments for Alaska had been procured;- the political power which was behind
him, and his ability, through all these means, to carry them t 0 final success;, that the band was in
spired by this harangue' to continue the fight, Judge Noyes even going so far as to attempt, to
thwart the process of the higher court by making orders in, his own court after he had lost juris
diction on account of the appeals. '. (
As soon as McKenzie was arrested his attorneys rushed to the, Supreme Court of the tJnited
States for relief, only to meet defeat: ; Then an effort was made through the press to defame the
attorneys and their clients who were engaged in bringing him to justice. Perhaps the most' de
testable feature of his* defense was the attempt of one of his attorneys to clear' him by testifying
that McKenzie acted under legal advice when he disobeyed the orders of the court. At length the
hand of justice was laid upon this offender and he was ' relegated to the jail of Alameda
County. As the last act in this drama, an .effort is now being made to procure a pardon of this
culprit by the President of the United States, and as a preliminary, step to. this move his, organ in
this city has put out a pathetic article upon his physical condition. The health of McKenzie has
become deplorable, his friends say, from the confinement of a few weeks. . ; ;
MeKENZIE'S SICKNESS.
poni, was also buried In the same grave.
A chorus of SOO voices sang the "Va pen
siero sull' all dorate," from Verdi'3
"Xabucco." before the entrance to the
"Famedio" where the body lay in state.
The photographs illustrate this and the
impressive scenes in the streets of Milan
as the funeral train passed through the
mourning crowds.
Some good. If rather (though, perhaps,
wisely) heterogeneous musical programmes
are being given every afternoon and
evening at the Industrial and AUIed Arts
Exhibition at the Mechanics* Pavilion.
Many prominent musicians have already
appeared, and the fortunate ladies of the
California Club have still a large reserve
force to draw upon for the programmes
of this week.
It is very good hearing that the club has
decided to afford many workers an op
portunity of seeing what artistic Cali
fprnia can do, by keeping open, the ex
hibition to-day.
• • •
A benefit concert to Miss- Christine L»
Barraque. the talented blind slnser, will
be- given on Tuesday evening next at
Sherman-Clay Hall, when the following
good programme will be rendered:
i..
Suite, A majcr. In two movements.. Golimaxfc
*• Allegro vivace. Andante*.
Messrs. Wtemer and Maurer.
IL
(a) "Without Thee" .^IXHanJelot
<t» "When the Heart Is Toung".. Dudley Back
Miss Christine La. Barraqu*.
in.
(a) "Beyond tho Gates of Paradise..!*. -A- Kins
»t) "The Indifferent Mariner" Bullard
Daniel Sheerin Jr.
IV.
Scena, *T>er I*rei»chutz" _..Web««
Miss Christine La Barroquo.
V.
Adatfo. E flat. Op. 113 Louis Spoh*
Messrs. Wlsrner and Maurer.
VI.
"Fleur 'des Alpea" Wefcertln
Miss Christine La Barraqua.
VII.
"Ave Maria" 1 Oounod
Miss Christine La Barraque, Mr. W ta
mer. Professor Kelleber and Hiss
Dunn.
• • •
Dr.* H. J. Stewart's programme for tha
half-hour organ recital at Trinity Church
this afternoon will include:
Suite Gothlque Boel'mann
Introduction choral. Minuet Gothique.
Prtere a Notre Dame. Toccata.
Prlere. in D flat. .i.Collaerta
Intermezzo, in B flat Collaerta
Grand Choeur Dialogue Qlgout
In response to a reauest made through^
these columns for organ recital pro
grammes I have recerved a varied and
curious collection, but none of the
organ recital proper. It is not the
usual church programme that is desired —
that finding place in other department*
than this — but programmes in which the
musical rather than tne rellsrious interest
predominates. This, cf course, does not
preclude the announcement of a new or
gan classic — a Widor symphony or Gull -
mant sonata, for example, even in con
nection with the regular church pro
gramme, but it 13 the affair of Interest
to the org-an-lover In particular of which
Information Is desired.
Those programmes that I have received
contain, on the whole, a brilliantly unin
teresting repertoire. From banal arrange
ments of . "Cavallerla Rustlcana" anil
"Robin Hood" to the cheap religious fer
vors of Leybach, Bachman. Durand and
company, together with a sorry list of
cheerful experiments v.Don the instrument
by a host of incompetent unknowns, tho
said programmes form but sad reading.
This condition of things accords entire
ly too well with a declaration made lha
other day by one of the most prominent
organists here that "the best literature
of the instrument remains practically a
dead letter to the average organist In San
Francisco."
I find no Bach on the programmes;
neither Handel, Wldar, Best. Salome,
Franck, Gigout, Gullmant, Salnt-Saens.
Harwood, Stainer and all the rare list
that is available. Mendelssohn, Mozart,
Dubois and Capocci are scattered sparsely
over the programmes and altogether they
are distinctly discouraging reading.
. Of course the Western nations have the po\yer to do as they please. They can substitute
cruelty for kindness, inhumanity for humanity, dishonor for honor, if they choose,. and make any
thing stick by pinning it with bayonets.' But if they do, let them cast off the mask' of Christianity
and justice and stand forth as naked barbarians, with no better rule than the old law of an eye for
an eye and a tooth for a tooth. . .
Even small governments like Holland and Belgium are marching in the wake of the larger,
and though their losses were hardly: appreciable, are demanding enormous sums" to replenish their
little exchequers and enrich their individual subjects.
China is on fire and the mob rushes in to get drunk on stolen wine and to carry off all that
it can steal.
¦; .- ' Those who are the true custodians of the Christian idea should be warned by the spec
tacle, that if the policy of military murder, outrage and lust shall. extend into the solemn official
settlement with China, it is the death knell of all the Western pretensions to Christianity.
' As the. white settlement extended westward' in this country the pioneers found the name
of William Penn known. and revered. among the wild Indian tribes who had never- seen a -white
man. Perm's exhibition of justice and humanity in dealing with the Indians in his province had
long survived him and had become familiar to the, Indians everywhere. The Sacs, . Winnebagoes,
Pottawattamies, Sioux, Crows and Blackfeet, all knew of Penn. His example was the still small
voice which in all ages has appealed -to the heart 'of man, no matter under what colored skin
it beat. : - \' ':• .';, v?,:";;''';/ .V-t'v '¦:.,/ .','.¦.;';' ; . •.¦¦'/. ¦:'¦"-'/",';.'¦
Is it not plain that cniel mastery* of China now, on top of the horrifying blood. atonement
that has been exacted of the innocent, will negative all : Christian professions ". in the lands we still
call heathen? '" . . . ' , .:
Is it not also plain that at the same time there is danger that the enlightened conscience' of
the Christian nations will more and more reject the professions that pretend an origin in the
simple, beautiful and humane precepts of Christianity?
On top of all this to demand an enormous indemnity> will enslave a. poverty smitten
people for generations to come, is to pile up an exhibition of revenge and oppression of which his
tory has heretofore; happily, bten barren.
_The reasonable people of the United States are in cordial sympathy with every move of our
administration to infuse the Chinese settlement with the principles of humanity and justice. It
does not require a merely Christian sentiment to demand a reasonable and equitable settlement
with China.
The ethical sense of the people sees as plainly the necessity for it. The only way to deal
with China is precisely the way in which a Christian nation would 4 expect to be dealt, with
under the same circumstances. In one riot' in this country, that in the coal mines of Wyoming,
the Chinese murdered numbered more than half of the whites killed in China by the Boxers.
Those Chinese were burned to death in their cabins." It requires only the most rudimentary sense
of justice to see that, if China is to pay the Christian nations three hundred millions, she should
have exacted half that sum for the murder of her people on American soil.' But she did not. She
did not exact anything and took just what this Government chose to offer, which was not as
many hundred thousands as the Christian nations want in millions from her. •."....''
Our State Department has received from China an official statement of what the allied
armies have inflicted upon China that is so horrifying that it will not be made public. It is not
from Chinese sources, but it more than justifies the statements of Sir Robert Hart and Dr. Dillon
and of the Japanese press. * . ...*./
WITH the cooling of passion and better information as to the facts, the public sen
timent of the Western nations is changing on* the subject of the Chinese in
demnity. .
It is now known positively .that in the Boxer revolution the lives of 242 'Europeans and
Americans were sacrificed. It is known, too, that the lives of more than ten times that number of
innocent Chinese have been taken by the Christian troops, and that to this must be added the ap
palling and unspeakable" crimes against Chinese, which throw into, the shade^the cruelties of all the
barbarous armies that ever marched. . -. -
Then, too, the theft of Chinese property runs far into the millions, and the most fruitful
provinces of the empire have been laid waste and their people are by thousands perishing
oi iaminc . - . .
Tet with .all Its depth and range the
Shakespearean tragedy lacks one concep
tion, which gives an added and a poignant
Interest to modern tragedy — the concep
tion that society, as we find it to-day, is
an organism of Inconceivably slow
growth. In the evolution of which fate,
force, nature, the unknown— whatever you
choose to call It— pays little or no atten
tion to the salvation of the unit, but ruth
lessly sacrifices him wherever necessary
to the preservation of the whole.
Are God and Nature then at Rtrif*
That Nature sends euch evil dreams;
Bo careful of the type »he seems.
Bo careless of the single life.
Sings Tennyson— but not Shakespeare,
¦whose tragedy, like Carlyle's, Is the trag
edy of Individuals.
This thought may serve as the connect
ing link between the treatment of tragedy
by the Elizabethans and by modern writ
ers. Among the ancients Euripides, ac-
But destiny lies not only in the political
or social environment; destiny is also
character, and character Is destiny be
cause the greater part of it is inherited
and Is therefore Inevitable. Hence the
tragedy of weak will ("Hamlet"), of vault
ing ambition ("Macbetn"), of overweening
self -confidence ("Coriolanus"), of wild and
passionate love ("Romeo and Juliet").
"With this intensely practical gaze
Shakespeare looked out upon the life of
his day and saw some of its bravest and
brightest spirits — Marlowe, Greene, Kyd,
Peel© — dashing themselves to death
against the stone wall of that environ
ment whose composition he understood so
well. Here are all the subjects for trag
edy; in his portraits of the English Kings,
then, he shows you how the weak crim
inal or the strong criminal or the weak
good man or the merely sentimental man
falls, and falls tragically, to adjust him
iself to his surroundings, to the facts and
laws of life as they press upon him, to
destiny.
The Shakespearian tragedy we find sur
charged with two distinct elements— the
Gothic £i>irit and the spirit of positive
realism. The first phrase almost defines
Itself— or. If It need Illustration, it may be
dismissed by Baying that Shakespeare is
to Sophocles as the Cologne Cathedral is
to the Parthenon. The "spirit of positive
realism"? That means that Shakespeare,
being a child of the Renaissance, rejected
the authority, the tradition of medieval
ism—"swallowed all formulas," as Carlyle
would say— and based his plays upon the
facts of life as he saw them for himself,
not as they were seen for him by some
learned doctor of the thirteenth century
or by some Patristic theologian of the
third. To this he was compelled — and for
this let us give thanks — by the prac
ticality of his intelligence; a prac
ticality that restrained his Idealism from
running riot as did the idealism of Shel
ley; a practicality so positive „ that while,
with Othello, he 'was hurtling to ship
wreck magnificent on the rocks of
jealousy, while with Lear Jie was troub
ling vain heaven with bootless lamenta
tions o'er benefits forgot, he was at the
same time bringing suit in the Justice's
Court of the town of Stratford to recover
from one Philip Rodgers the sum of 1
pound 15 shillings and 10 pence.
The author's treatment of the first topic
contains nothing unfamiliar to those 'who
Jiave even a moderate acquaintance with
the literature of the subject. His Eum
mary of the elements that enter Into the
tragic Idea Is, however, neatly turned and
may serve to correct some popular errors
on the subject: "(Tragedy) Is born of
popular pessimism and melancholy. In
the next place. It finds artistic voice when
the peovla become conscious of them
selves and of an exalted, natural task.
In the third place, If we analyze it, trag
edy is always the clash of two powers—
necessity without and freedom within;
outside, at great, rigid, arbitrary law of
fate; Inside, the undefeated individual
•will, which can win its spiritual triumph
even when all its material surroundings
auad environment have crumbled into hope-
Jess' rain." • • • In Interpreting the
famous Aristotelian Katharsis, Mr.
Courtney chows a common sense In re
freshing contrast to the arid pedantry of
•many who have tried to read into Aris
totle tSie results of their own cut-and
driefi theories of esthetics. The "pur
gation of such passions" (as pity and ter
ror) Burely means, as Dr. Johnson, with
•wholesome directness, pointed out, that
these passions were, considered by
Aristotle to be sources of weakness and
Impurity In the body ethical, which must
be expelled If that body Is to remain
he*2tiiy. That this view of tragedy is nar
jTCW and Incomplete proves nothing
agulnst the explanation; it proves only
that Aristotle made as bad a blunder in
this esthetic diagnosis as he did in that
anatomical diagnosis wherein he declared
that 'women have less teeth than men and
that every man has an empty space in the
back of his head. (He should have said
some men.)
WL COURTNEY has collected
come lectures recently deliv
ered by him at the Royal In
stitution and has pub
• llshed them (Brentano) under
the title of "The Ideal of Tragedy In An
cient and Modern Drama." The first lec
ture deals with tragedy among the
Greeks; the second with tragedy in
Shakespeare; the third (and most valu
able) with tragedy In 6uch modern writ
ers as Ibsen and Plnero.
Mr. Courtney, I believe, is the editor of
a prominent English review. I wonder if
he would allow a contributor to point such
a vulgarism as this (page 9), "In Maeter
linck's dramas YOU HAVE GOT this
strain," or such an absurd locution as
"Feminine Frailty" (page 71), or such a
solecism* as "quite other characters and
dramas FROM THOSE with which we are
at present conversant"? Such things
might be excused to a poor re
porter, writing on space and in a hurry
while the make-up man waits, but to an,
editor! And In a deliberately printed
book! Noblesse oblige! For the honor of
our craft. Mr. Courtney, I pray you get
some on© to revise you before you print
again, lest a less kind reviewer fall upon
you and rend you' tooth and nalL
Mr. Courtney has high hopes for the
future of English tragedy, for he seems
to think that his countrymen are "living
at present under a wave of indignant emo
tion, which is sweeping away class dis
tinctions, destroying the false notion that
wealth is a form of nobility," etc. There
is nothing in the recent actions of the
English people to Justify this hope to a
foreign observer; moreover, the late la
mented Grant Allen, a better trained soci
ologist than Mr. Courtney, and, I fear, a
better writer, too, holds a very different
opinion. In an article published in this
month's Cosmopolitan (page 662) he says:
"The average British middle class- is the
most debased, materialized and soulless
bourgeoisie In the entire world. Of art,
of literature, of poetry, of thought, of
philosophy, of movement, it knows and
cares nothing. A baronet is more to it
than Herbert Spencer or George Mere
dith. • • • Of the real betterness of life
they are as innocent as a Central African
negro." • • • That doesn't look as if
the "wave of indignant emotion" will
sweep very fax up the beach of Stupidity
during this century, does it?
Were such a pessimism universal there
could be little or no art work produced in
this age. But there is— to use a paradox—
a better pessimism than this; a pessimism
•which recognizes, indeed, that the strug
gle for existence, the survival of the'fit
test and development by unlimited com
petition are laws harsh, cruel and. repug
nant to the moral sense; which recognizes
that majorities generally prove their di
vine rlght t to govern by governing wrong,
and that • this -world is and always has
been alike the paradise of commonplaces
and the purgatory of ideals; which recog
nizes all this, yet upon, the very back
ground furnished by this dark misery
paints the figures of human beings strug
gling toward better things, "transfigured
and ennobled by contrast." This, is the
idea of modern tragedy; the artist who
puts this conflict upon the mimic stage is
but condensing and idealizing the noblest
doings in the history of our race in its
slow and painful efforts to better dull and
cruel nature. He finds his reward In the
Joy and eympathy with which we con
template his work— for we do get a sur
plus of pleasure from witnessing a trag
edy, as Hume has admirably demon-
Mr. Courtney closes his third lecture
with some timely and sensible criticism
of Ibsen, thereby filling in a distressing
gap in the dramatic philosophy of our ac
complished friends, Archer and Shaw,
who eeem to lose their heads and become
incapable of anything but indiscriminate
eulogy ¦whenever the Norwegian Skald is
mentioned. Now, Ibsen's treatment of the
woman question is novel only to those
persons— apparently including himself—
who are not well read in the French
drama; there is hardly a topic of this kind
treated by him which has not been treat
ed and better treated by Dumas pere or
Dumas flls or Angier. As to construction
and technical knowledge of stage effects,
these French writers have nothing to
learn from Ibsen, while, on the contrary,
he has much to learn from them. "Fran
cillon" is a better play in every way than
"A Doll's House," "Diane de Lys" than
"Hedder Gabbler" and "Le Gendre de
M. Foirier" than the "Master Builder."
His Incoherence, his confusion of thought
and his provincialism have already been
pointed out by Nordau and are indeed
patent to any one who does not, like Ib
sen himself, mistake his own awakening
to the large facts of life for a first dis
covery of the facts themselves.
cording to Mr. Courtney, is the nearest
akin to the moderns. Like them, he lived
in an age when the human Intelligence,
actively applying itself to the inspection
of antique dogmas in politics, in religion.
In ethics, and finding that convention and
not reason supports many of these dog
mas, knocks away the tottering supports
with sharp blows of the rationalistic ham
mer; down-tumbling comes the super
structure of the temple of Glgism, and the
iconoclast finds himself sitting, a little be
wildered, gazirg through its broken
arches at dreary vistas of- pessimism.
Adown the darkest of these vistas he de
scries the stooping figure of Schopen
hauei; by his side walks Thomas Hardy
reading to the master from "Jude, the
Obscure" — a perfect specimen of an art
work produced on the theory, that de
spairs of human virtue and declares the
will to live to be the great primal cause
of humanity. Such a" work, as Mr. Court
ney justly^ points out, depresses vitality;
it therefore Bins against humanity and is,
in the only true sense of the word, thor
oughly immoral.
The current number of the . Musical
Courier contains some admirable photo
graphs ef the "state" funeral of Verdi.
at Milan, February 27. It was the desire
of the great Italian maestro that his body
should be burled with utmost simplicity
of ceremony, according to his will: "In
the early j morning or at evening after
sunset, accompanied only by a priest and
two candle-bearerst" The first funeral
was thus carried out, but the people of
Italy claimed the privilege of showing
their love for the honored dead, and a
month after the first ceremony the body
of Verdi was conveyed with almost royal
pomp to the common cemetery at the
Home for Aged Musicians, given by the
master himself to his poor brethren.
The body of his wife, Guiseppina Strep-
Having a rudimentary sense of Justice,
and a consciousness of handwriting of my
own, it is not my usual fashion to rail at
the ingenious typesetter for" sins of ex
pression occasionally, committed in my
name. But, as in last Sunday's Call, when
I am made to evolve a "quadrangular"
encore; to outrage all precedent in drag
ging to light a "sleepless" organ-blower;
and to attribute to an apocryphal
"Thorne" the authorship of Thome's
"Simple Aveu" I must plead "not guilty."
And, by the 1 way, a very amusing typo
graphical error has gone the .rounds of
the papers this week, its starting point
one of the programmes of the industrial
and allied arts exhibition. In this the
clever Italian who composed "La Giocon
da" is" billed as "Punchinelli!" "Pon
chielli" having evidently appealed to the
god who ordains our etymology as a cor
rupt and vicious form of the classic Jest
er's honorable name.
I sincerely regret to announce that thj
Ffrangcon-Davies engagement at the
California Theater is off. Mr. Davies will
not . now come to the coast during h*3
present American tour, which means' that
it will be many years before we shall have
an opportunity to hear the famous Welsh
man, as he will not visit America again
for a considerable period. It is a matter
of financial guarantee. The singer would
not consent to take the risk of the long
journey from the East to this city with
out a substantial guarantee. The fund
required was in actual existence— on paper
—at the time Mr. Ffrangcon-Davles' visit
to; the coast was announced as a certain
ty, but the guarantors, with a laissez
faire peculiar to the climate, neglected to
make good their promises of subscription,
and the fortunate moment was gone.
The singer could not await the* careless
pleasure of the laggard subscriber and is
W delighting the less indolent music
lover of the East with a genius for song
that has aroused an admiration that is
almost . worship.' It is to be hoped that
like our old friend Hans, we shall "do
better next time."
• • • .
1— Sonate Characterlstique (les Adieux,
. l'Absence, et le Retour)... ••-;:•• ,.„
Opus No. 31... Beethoven
Adagio ¦ et allegro, andante expresslvo,
vivaclsslmamente.
2— (a)- Allemande. from Partita.. ...... ..Bach
(b) Novelette. Opus No. 21... Schumann
• (c) Impromptu Kleglaque, Opus No. 9U
(d) Toccata,' Opus No*.' 18 SgambaU
(e) Concert Etude, Opus No. 24 --•-
Moszkowskl
3— (a) Etude! 'b'pus* No. 25, No. 9 Chopin
(b) Fantasie. Opus No. 49 v» p
*— (a) "Cest la Jeunespe, qui a des Ailes
Doreest" Opus No. 2, No. 7..Henselt
(b) "Si Oiseau JKtals, a tol Je Voler- «•
- al3!" Opus No. 2, No. 6 Henselt
(c) "Erlkonig" Schubert-Liszt
The foregoing very good programme
will be played by Mrs. Madeleine Peck
Taylor, at a recital to be given in Hearst
Hall, Berkeley, next. Thursday afternoon.
The affair is in the hands of Mrs. Benja
min Ide Wheeler, who has invited the
students and faculty of the university to
attend the recital. Admission may also
be obtained by cards, that may be had
at the co-operative store to-morrow morn
ing from 10 to 12:30, and from 2 to 4 in the
afternoon.
Mrs, Taylor Is the wife of Dr. A. E.
Taylor, professor of pathology at the uni
versity, and is a Barth and Moszkowski
student, and also a graduate of the Royal
Conservatory of Dresden.
The programme was varied and worthy,
and in particular the admirable singiig
of the Bruch aria from "Achilleus." by
Mrs. Gustavus Arnold, may be com
mended. She has a voice of excellent
quality, a sympathetic method and an ad
mirable school. Mrs. J. -B.' Casserly's
harp solos were also - much enjoyed, as
were Miss Ames' solos on the 'cello. Don
ald de V. Graham was well heard and
L. Van Linghem's serviceable basa was
enjoyed in the Brahms and D'Hardelot
numbers. In the •Lehmann song cycle.
Mrs. B. G. Lathrop showed a very pure
and pleasing high soprano voice, and
Miss Burgin a powerful contralto. Miss
Hulda Anderson at the piano, B.. G. Lath
rop with hi« violin, B. G. Somera (viola)
and Miss Ames were pleasantly heard in
a Schumann quartet, and Vail Bakewell
substituted for Edgar Mills.
THE affairs of the week musical
have been mostly of the charity
kind, and criticism Is therefore de
barred Its usual privileges. There
was little but good, however, to
report' of the charity concert held at thu
Hopkins Institute on Tuesday evening,
save of the newly discovered acoustic
sins of the Mary Searles gallery. "Wheth
er by reason of the absorbent draperies of
the dressing-rooms on either side of the
platform, or because of the lowness of
the roof of the gallery, the music had a
dulled unsonorous sound, that could cer
tainly not be laid at the artists* door.
But it is a charming hall otherwise for
such affairs, the gracious proportions anil
pictured walls adding: largely to the plead
ing effect.
THE CHINESE INDEMNITY.
BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
Courtney's Idea of Tragedy
as Expressed in the
Ancient and Modern Drama
18
* •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Overheard at a Boston muslcale:
"Who is that trying to claw the piano?"
"Oh. he's a lobster from the Back Bay "
— Ycnlters Stat/ ' "^
WsoKly Gall; $1.00 bbtYbht
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
f£ EARN Y AND WASHINGTON * STS.— RE-
*» modeled and zenovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rcoma. .50c to $1 m day;
*3 to IS week; IS to J20 month. Free baths; hoz
and cold water every room; flre grates la «very
room; elevator runs all nisht.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace HoteL*
gBk CHicxEsreR's cn&lism
Kg i*€>7v _ _ _ _ tTrfginal &nd Only GcjibId^
W-f.SfitrS.9AYE. *h»3TJ reliable. Lilleu uk Dnnfit
/WJgSk f* CHICHlSTKlvS ESoiUSa
<3i \?A ?£. "'"*• ribbo °- Take «o other. Uel\i-.a
I / , \fi «••»•. Boj ef jonr Dnn^fat. or md \t. in
yC\ ff Mrt^XcUegTor Ladle*" i» (c::«r.b7r*.
— J V J _.A _ *arn Mall. 1 0.OOrt 1>*tliaoni«!». SoMDt
Uantf^TtM. Dra K 1 !<* ¦¦ Chlefcerter Chemical <'«*.
To keep the chin In means to keep It
well drawn back horizontally. That
causes, "what physical culturlsts call, "a
lifted chest." A lifted chest Insures deep
and full breathing, and hence pure blood
and perfect circulation. TRY . keeping:
your chin in and see how your chest will
stand out, giving to a woman a superb
agnre and to a man a military bearing."
. Most colds are caused by checked cir-
culation, known by a chill or shiver. Dr.
Humphreys' "77" starts the blood cours-
ing through the veins until It reaches the
extremities, when the feet warm up and
the Cold or Grip is broken, while its ton-
icity sustains the flagging energies. .
At all Drug Stores, 25c, or mailed."
K? Pocket Manual mailed I free.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Mediclnp Co.. Cor
William and John' Sts., New; York.
CHIN IN
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Central Lines,
637 Market Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
GARLTON G. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent New # York
For rates and infor-
mation, call or address
Direct routes. Fast
time. Superb train ser-
vice. Everything up to
date.
Why your ticket to the
Pan - American Exposi-
tion, via the Michigan
Central Railroad or Lake
Shore and Michigan
Southern Railway.
Got what?
Have you got it ?After thoroughly testing all machines
the * Board ' of Supervisors . purchased ¦ five
Smith. Premier. Typewriters from L. & M.
Alexander's branch store at Los Angeles.*
Biverside Buys Typewriters.
WIN THE FIGHT
FOR MORE WAGES
New Jersey Central Railroad
Grants the Demands
of Employes.
Threatened Strike Will Not Be Or
dered, but the Telegraphers !
Will Have to Await a
Settlement.'
NEW YORK. Aoril .13.— It' was an
nounced by officials of the Central Rail
road of New Jersey to-night that the com
pany had come to an agreement with its
engineers and firemen. •
The conference which brought about this
result was held between representatives
of employes of the road and General Su
perintendent Olhauson and Division Su
perintendent Wentz. The wages of the
engineers and firemen were increased, but
the telegraphers and train hands did not
fare so well. The telegraphers were told
that they will be treated cs liberally as
their fellow-workers in the employ of
other roads and the train hands are to
have another conference.
After the conference llmothy Shea, rep
resentative of the firemen In Jersey Citv,
announced that there would be no strike
on the JerseyN Central road. He said that
had been definitely decided UDon. The
company had made concessions to the men
and had granted to the engineers and fire
men the 100 miles a day limit which they
had demanded. Shea said that the de
mands of tho telegraphers had been
dropped for the present.
¦The telegraphers were to continue at
work at the same rate as before until they
could bring evidence to convince the com
pany that they were not paid as much as
the telegraphers on other roads. This they
have so far been unable to do. The de
mands of the trainmen; it was further
stated, would also remain in abeyance
for three months. At that time the ques
tion of their wages mlfiht again be con
sidered by the railroad officials.
SCANDAL OVER
CAPITOL WORK
Montana's State Building
Said to Be Poorly Con
' structed.
Architect Donohoe Inspects the Costly
Structure at Helena and Makes
Charges Against the Con
tractors.
BUTTE, Mont. April 13.— P. J. Donohoe,
the architect who constructed th© Carson
City prizefight arena and was broueht
prominently before the California public
about four years ago by his expose of the
new ferry depot scandal at San Francisco,
has turned his hand to iconoclastic work
in Montana after a fashion which Is likely
to cause a pronounced flurry In official
circles.
Last January certain State officials sent
a communication to the architect at Bill
ings, where he resides, and asked him to
investigate tho work on the new Capitol
building at Helena, which has been in
process of construction since September,
1898. For more than two months Dono
hoe has watched proceedings, making his
last trip to Helena in connection with th©
affair last Thursday evening. He returned
to Butte this morning and immediately
prepared a report, embodying in general
terms the result of his investigations,
which was mailed to th© Acting- Gov
ernor, Frank G. Higgins, this evening.
Many irregularities are pointed out, which
will probably call for prompt action on the
part of tha proper authorities.
Donohoe draws attention to th© fact
that while th© original plans and speci
fications should have been filed on Sep
tember 14, 1898, the date the contract was
drawn up, no original plans have been
filed at all, and even the blue prints in
possession of the Montana Capitol Com
mission were not filed until he requested
the secretary of the commission to rem
edy what Is termed an oversight. It is
stated that even as it Is. th© building is
not being 1 constructed according to the
blue prints.
The building is declared to be weak in
its construction and to deviate, from the
plans and specifications so much that
hardly a provision of the contract is in
force at the present time. It is asserted
that the architects, Bell & Kent, have
been extravagant in making estimates for
contractors and attention is drawn to the
fact that while tho contract price of the
Capitol is $289,891, there Is due to the con
tractors on completion only $70,425 24,
though 40 per cent of the work is yet to
be finished.
In testing the flreprooflng for floors,
Donohoe encountered only sand and
cement. This work cannot now be rem
edied. Specifications for mixing are rep
resented as not having been compiled
with, the method being In favor of the
contractor to. the detriment of the con
tract, while the material, he says, has not
been spread and tamped, but distributed
In a very careless manner. The sewers
and soil pipes in the basement were found
to b^ out of place and to lessen the height
of th© story, as called for In the plans, by
reason of the fact that the excavations do
not extend below the grade line.
In conclusion Architect Donohoe gives
it as his opinion that the matter calls for
a domplete and untrammeled Investigation
at an early date. Governor Toole Is at
present in the East and it is unlikely that
any action in the matter will be taken un
til he returns.
FLOUR STOLEN AT HANILA
AND SOLD BY SERGEANTS
Startling Disclosures in the Trial of Those Impli
cated in Commissary Scandals.
CUBAN CONVENTION
REMAINS ON SAFE SIDE
Leaves Platt -Amendment in the Air
and Decides to Send Commis
sion to Washington.
. HAVANA, April IS.— At the opening of
to-day's secret session of the constitu
tional convention Senor Nunez asked that
the convention either reject or accept. the
Platt amendment, as the resolution adopt
ed yesterday was not a formal declaration
and was misleading. The conservatives
considered that the resolution practically
rejected the amendment, while the rad
icals and the radical press maintained
that It did not, and Senor Nunez there
fore asked that a yea and nay vote be
taken. This was opposed by the radicals,
who have always avoided taking a de
cided stand. The conservatives were
pleased at the point and as a split was
threatened among the radicals a com
promise was offered and agreed to, by the
terms of which a resolution was adopted
that the convention should not express
itself either for or against the amend
ment and that a commission be sent to
Washington to secure the best possible
agreement with the President. This com
mission will not be authorized to settle
definitely the question of the relations be
tween tne United States and Cuba, but
will report back to the convention.
WRECKING OF CHURCH
DONE BY . A FACTION
Arrests May Be Made as Result of
the Explosion of Dynamite
in Ingalls.
STILL WATER, O. T., April 13.— Arrests
are expected to follow an Investigation
now being made into the wrecking by
dynamite of the new Christian church at
Ingalls. It is alleged that the explosive
was placed under the structure by mem
bers of a warring faction in the church.
No one was injured in the explosion.
The church membership has been split
for two years over the Introduction of
an organ and sectarian literature into the
Sunday-school. The older members be
lieved that organ ' music was not proper
for a house of God and fought still
stronger the idea of going outside the
Bible to teach the children, both of which
propositions were favored by the younger
members. The younger -faction of the
church finally built a church of their own
and they lay the destruction of the struct
ure to some of the older members.
GENERAL BUTTERFIELD
IS DANGEROUSLY ILL
NEW YORK, April 13.— General Daniel
Butterfleld, pne of the most distinguished
surviving officers of the Civil War, is
lying dangerously ill at' his home in this
city. He is suffering from a recurrence
of the illness which prostrated him in the
summer of 1899. General Butterfleld has
been in Miami, Fla.,. for' about two
months, hoping to benefit from the cli
mate. On his return last Sunday he was
prostrated and his physician, Dr. Fred
erick; A. Castle, found him attacked by
paralytic symptoms.
Dr. Castle said to-day: "At his age
he is now in his seventieth year — an at
tack of this kind is always alarming and
no man can say how it may result." .. ¦. .
SAN JOSE DE BUENA VISTA; Panay
Island, April 13.— When the United States
Philippine Commission arrived her© to
day th© members were welcomed by the
Inhabitant* of this town, who had erected
an Immense festal arch. Every village of
Antique province was represented by del
egates. A statue of liberty, erected on
At Silang, in Cavit© province, the Insur
gents have surrendered several Norden
feldts.
Information concerning th© doings of
Aguinaldo Is withheld by the authorities.
The wife and mother of Aguinaldo have
been sixnoet hi«i only visitors during the
past week. General MacArthur considers
Inopportune the suggestion mad© here
that Aguinaldo visit the United States.
By the treachery of a native guide Lieu
tenant Mills of Company G, Forty-third
Volunteer Infantry, was almost entrapped
•while pursuing Insurgents In the Interior
of the island cf Leyte. After a sharp
skirmish the attacking Insurgents were
defeated. Surgeon Lewis Thompson and
Private Prosset were severely wounded.
MANILA. April 12.— The trial of Ser
geant Memson, tb» first case in the com
missary scandals, began with the etart
ling disclosures expected. Two witnesses
testified that quantities of flour were
taken from a Government warehouse and
Fold by three commissary sergeants and
two others, who divided the proceeds.
Finnick, proprietor of an American bak
ery, was Incriminated, and other business
men were also Involved- The extent of
the Illegal sales has not been ascertained.
Archbishop Chapelle, the papal delegate
In the Philippines, has been summoned to
Rome. He will sail soon and his return
here is Improbable.
General MacArthur has forwarded to
Washington a epecial report on Baloons
and the social evil in th© Philippine Isl
ands.
the town's principal square, named after
Washington, had pictures of Abraham
Lincoln, President McKinley and Judge
Taft, president of the commission, on its
pedestal. The province has been wholly
pacified eince the recent surrender of the
Insurgent leader,' Fullon. and th© desire
for a provincial form of 'government is
unanimous.
The commission has mailed to Washing
ton detailed recommendations for - the
form of general civil government to be
established in the archipelago. The ex
excutive council Is expected to consist of
four of the present Commissioners and
three Filipinos, the latter to be appointed
by President McKinley. Lieutenant
Colonel W. 8. Scott of the Fortieth Vol
unteer Infantry, commander of Antique
province, has been made Its Governor,
while Lieutenant L. F. WilBon of the
same regiment has been appointed provin
cial treasurer. <
Gates After a Railroad.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., April 13.— The
announcement was made here to-day on
high ¦- authority that John W. Gates and
his associates, who are said to have se
cured control- of the Colorado Fuel and
Iron Company, are now trying to get con
trol of the Colorado and Southern Rail
way to make It an adjunct to their steel
and iron business. They are said to have
bought a large amount of the stock of
tho company already.
Confesses an Embezzlement.
ST. LOUIS. April 13.— William H, Huss
nmn, an office employe of th© Barrett
Manufacturing Company for thirteen,
years, confessed to-day that he was an
embezzler and forger to the extent of
$4000. His wrongdoing was due, he said,
to his Infatuation for a woman not his
wife. He is under arrest. .
MISS MARIE BtTRROTTGHS
TO WED A NEW YOTLKER
Robert Barclay MacPherson Will
Soon Be the Husband of the
Well-Known Actress.
NEW YORK, April 13.— Announcement
was made to-day of the engagement of
Miss Marie Burroughs, the actress, to
Robert Barclay MacPherson of New York.
The wedding will take place in June and
will be followed by a trip abroad.
Miss Burroughs was -formerly married
to Louis Massen, the actor. She secured
a divorce from him in a Western State In
1895, and in 1899, while she was playing
with Stewart Robson in "The Gadfly," her
engagement to Dr. Albert E. Sterne of
Indianapolis, Ind., was announced. The
marriage was to have taken i place here
in December, 1899, but Just before the date
set for the ceremony Miss Burroughs was
taken seriously 111 and Dr. Sterne came
to attend her. Shortly afterward it was
announced that the wedding had been
postponed indefinitely. Later it was re
ported that the engagement had been
broken off.
Miss Burroughs, whose real nam« is LJ1
lie Arlington, was born in San Jose. She
was educated a.t the Convent of the Sa
cred Heart in San Francisco.
Head of TJniversity to Be One of tha
• Official Visitors to the j
Academy.
PRESIDENT wh nt.ii .Tnv
OTT WEST POINT BOARD
"WASHINGTON, April 13.— The Presi
dent has appointed the following board of
visitors to th© "West Point Military Acad
emy: Lieutenant General Schofleld, re
tired; Major General Daniel E. Sickles, re
tired; St. Clair McKelway, New York;
Charles W. Eliot, Massachusetts; Benja
min Ide Wheeler, California; William H.
Upman, Wisconsin; St. George R. Fltz
hugh, Virginia.
• Deeds and leases to lands In the Kern
River district have recently been record
ed as follows: ¦Georce T. . Folsom ' to his
wife, the south half of the northeast quar
ter and the southeast ouarter of the
northwest quarter of section 1, 30-2S; Kern
County Land Company to John Griffiths.
lot 31 In section 36, 30-27; John Kett to Miss
M.'.G. Brown, an undivided one-half inter
est In the northeast quarter of section 20,
32-34: A. N. Jones to W.-C. Bissell et al.,
the southeast quarter of section 2. 25-27,
the northeast quarter and southwest quar
ter of section S2. 25-28 and the northeast
quarter and southwest . quarter of section
20, 26-27; N. P. Chipman to John Heenan,
in turn to ¦ C. Hunsacicer. in turn to the
Almota Oil Company, the southwest quar
ter of section 6,* 31-23, comprising 160 acres;
C. ¦ V. . McClure and Julia McClure. his
wife, to James L. LteVaull. lots 28, '29 and
30 in block 75. Kern. John Kern has leased
to J. T. Handsaker and J. R. T. Mershon
the southeast quarter of the northwe3t
truarter and the southwest. quarter of tne
northeast . quarter of section 32, 31-23. j , y
Recent incorporations formed in Arizona
to do business in California are the follow
ing: Northern . California Oil Company^
capital stock, 5300,000: Jerome Oil Com
pany, capital stock $500,000; Nanticoke Oil
Company, capital stock $500,000; Apollo Oil
Company, capital stock $300,000; Minerva
Oil Company, capital ntock $500,000; Mer
chants' Oil Company ..cupital stock $S00,0i)0;
Almont Oil and Development Company,
capital stock $500,000; Qitmo Oil and Land
Company, capital stock $500,000; Pacific
Refining Company, capital stock $350,000;
California Oil Syndicate, capital stock
$500,000; Uvas Oil Company, capital stock
$750,000; Sunny Couth Oil Company, capi
tal stock $500,000;' Mephisto Oil Company,
capital stock $1,000,000; Antioch Oil Com
pany, capital stock $1,500,000; Newfield Oil
and Development Company capital stoc>c
$500,000; Pacific Crude Oil Company, capi
tal stock $500,000; War Eagle Mining Com
pany, capital stock $1,000,000; California
Consolidated Oil Company, capital stock
$500,000; Arizona Standard Oil Company,
capital stock $500,000; Norman Oil and De
velopment Company, capital stock $300,000;
Newhall Consolidated Oil Company, capi
tal stock $GOO,000; Sultan Oil Company,
capital stock $500,000: Commercial Oil ana
Realty Company, capital stock $1,000,000;
Safety Oil Company, capital stock $300,C«X>
The Santa Fe Railroad consumed 5000
barrels of petroleum last month in Its lo
comotives. Fred B. Henderson, who bu*,#.
the oil for the road, thinks the limit is far
from being reached. . , ., . ; ,
In Arizona Fields.
" The Williams OH Company has been in
corporated by the following: J. W. Brim,
K. H. Herron, G. A. Wiiie, A. Schaad, G.
C. Comstock, J. W. Stovall and J. ,F.
Fouch. i All live in Wiliovrs with the ex
ception of Mr. Herroa.
At the present time they have orders at the
Er-op to build 100 steel tank cars, fifty of which
will have a carrying; capacity of 8500 gallons
and the other fifty will be of 13,000 gallons
capacity, but as the manufacture of these
will take a year's steady work . they are
obliged., to build, the wooden tanks to meet
present demands. The wooden tanks will have
a carrying capacity of 7000 gallons and can be
pot ready rapidly.
Concerting the additional facilities that
the Southern Pacific Company is provid
ing for the transportation of oil the Sac
ramento Record-Union says:
The Hollister Bee gives the following in
formation: The Hollister Petroleum De
velopment Company is down 170 feet. The
San Juan- Company, near San Juan, has
begun the construction of a derrick. Non
pareil rig No. 3 has drilled over 300 feet;
the drill of the San Benito Company has
reached a depth of 1050 feet. Two oil com
panies are organized to work on territory
leased from the American Mutual Oil Min
ing Company at Vallecltos. The follow
ing are the names of the officers of three
companies that will begin drilling in this
county about June 1: Partello Oil Com
pany—Dr. S. S. Partello, president; Ed
ward F. Partello, vice president; George
F. Randall, secretary. Randall Oil Com
pany—George F. Randall, president; John
B. Hare, vice president; S. S. Partello,
secretary and treasurer; William Ma-
Cauley, superintendent. American -Mu
tual Oil Company— Dr. S. S. Partello,
president; F. S. Baird, vice president, of
Chicago; G. F. Randall/secretary, of San
Francisco; E. F. Partello, treasurer.
New Companies Organized.
Stuart A. Davis sold C. R. Cotter of Duns
mulr an eighth Interest in the Oilville claim
and an eighth In the Golden Lion claim. C.
M. Butler transferred his interest in the Old
96 and Pine View claims to A. G. Bogrgs. W.
A. Schroter sold his eighth of the OsweKO to
I. Voorsanger of San Francisco. E. A. Mar
rhall deeded an eighth in the Golden Eagle to
the same party. R. M. Moore owned one
eighth interest In both the Oilville and Golden
Lion • oil claims. He has deeded them to A.
W. Ktter. M. F. Kldrldge conveyed his eighth
of the Golden Eagle claim to William H Sny
der. Mrs. Ettie Goldenberg bought the in
terest of W. A. Hudson In the Keno and Os
¦wego claim. Twelve deeds were filed Tues
day, wherein the land of the foregoing: and
niuoh - other was transferred from individual
owners to the name of the Atlantic Oil Com
pany. / '
Tho Mining Review of Salt L<ako says it
is firmly believed that oil and gas. exist
in paying quantities In the vicinity of
Green River, Utah. Indications have been
found four miles south from the Green
River station on the Rio Grande Western
Railway. Oil comes to the surface over
ah area fifteen miles long. Oil shows at
the junction of the Grand and Green
rivers. A Pennsylvania expert has ex
pressed the opinion that oil can be found
at a depth not exceeding 1500 feet. Pros
pectors have encountered a strong flow of
gas when drilling shallow wells only fifty
feet deep. Seepages of oil are found on
the surface in several places.
There Is much activity in petroleum
claims in Shasta County, according to the
Redding Searchlight. It says:
Activity in Shasta County.
J. H. Conway writes from Santa Maria
that the prospects of the northern end. of
Santa Barbara County In the matter, of
oil have brightened very much and cap
italists are looking over the ground, hav
ine investment in view. The fact that
there is oil ha3 been demonstrated by the
Western Union Company. Although the
earthquake of two weeks ago caused the
lower part of this company's well to col
lapse, that did not stop the oil from ris
ing over 800 feet In a 5%-lnch casing. Two
more rigs are being placed. The Cas
malia Oil and Development Company has
just set up a heavy standard rig on Its
first well that had to be stopped at 850
feet on account. of the boiler giving out.
The Elizabeth Oil Company is down about
900 feet and is in a small seepage. The
Santa Maria Oil and Gas Company Is put
ting in a water plant. The drill is in blue
clay. The Commercial Union Company,
In the Foxen Canyon, is' in a bitumdnized
Bhale and small seepages. Tne Pnrnavera
Company, on the Underhiil ranch, after
passing through a 40-foot stratum of oil
sand, nas concluded to move its rig one
hundred yards east from the lirst location.
The Graciosa Oil Company, owned by
Crocker, Treadwell, Hartness and others,
is just moving its lirst rig in on the Har
ris ranch. , The Jerome Oil Company of
Arizcna Is erecting a rig In the Shuman
Canyon. John A. H. Bunting has com
pleted his boarding and lodging houses on
the Moretti ranch and will have a rig in
operation soon. Two additional rigs will
be put up In Koxen Canyon. "This sec
tion," writes Mr. Conway, "is Independent
of railway rates, for there are half a
dozen landings on the west end of the
field upon the Pacific Ocean. The first
Bale of oil was made this week by the
\\ estern Union Company, which is com
posed of Hell man and others of Los An
geles. It la hoped there will be two ad
ditional producing wells by the end of the
month. Out of ten companies in the dis
trict, eight have no stock for sale. The
people of the section are looking for an
other Bakersfield rush without wildcat
advertising, that has done so much injus
tice to many prospective oil fields in th©
State."
Many New Companies Are Organized
in Arizona^— From Shasta to Sis
.'kiyou th.© Prospectors
' Are Busy. ..*
Rigs Going Up and Drills
Are Probing for the »
Petroleum.
SANTA BARBARA
OIL MEN HOPEFUL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1 4, 190 1.
19
Between Pine and. California sta.
- . REMOVED.
PATRICK & CO.,
RUBBER I STAMPS. . ETC.. . i
TO''221 SANSOME ST..
4gj To protect your health and our reputation, we will gladly pay this big reward to any one who will furnish us Infor- <g
40 matlon on which we can secure conviction of a dealer who tries to sell worthless fake imitations, when CASCARETS '(&'
fare called for. When you're offered something "just as good'Vit's because there is a little more money in the fake. S
Buy CASCARETS from the honest dealer. They are always put up in blue metal boxes with long-tailed trade- (§'
@ marked C on the cover— every tablet stamped C. C. C, and they are never sold inbulk. . Remember this and when-
@ ever fakes are offered when CASCARETS are called for, get all the details and write us on the subject at once. -®
I ,^22\ SIX MILLION^BOXES {
& bS&bBm vis* !*&!%& iW ID DCCT TrCC?TI?l£^\fVTI A I *
H BEST FOR BOWELS AND LIVERS ®
-*> inn, 1J±JL>L,H1 JiJS « s ffmW^^^^N^^^ 1^^ , . £ l^J.W\J\JJ.±J J. t>J £||
*¦* rr in tx-TTTTi to rmr allboTrtl tronbln. anpendlcltlt, blltoain«M, ' GTTAKAKTPEEI* TO CTTKEs Fire yenn eco the flr-.t box ©r CAS- jgs
®t>.4 illJi JJ> FmSJi urind on the TtorjMie" bloateSbowel.? ton I mmnth, CARETS vm •old. Now It I. over it x million fcoxe* a year, trreater than auy §S3
fcriHoIT^* Jlt2.h£« iimnw 5ali?aft??eatlnr, liver trouble, .allow com' . ! •Imtlar medicine la the world. ThU It absolute proof of jrrent merit, and J»f ,
»«£&£ he> l fQF*nSSL 9 wV»* wSr taweh *»¦" move reralarly yea trt \ oar beat testimonial. We have faith, anil will «elf CA9OAJBET8 absolutely £&
&$ riSJi •»«»«» ui itaSweSwIett*"' all other diseases together. naranMMl to care or nracy reraided. - «• bay today, tw* «•¦ boxe^ kIts W v
SC ST?J - r .t ™V^^^ ?J^?KT?hV5>Blc nnSSSffaaa ' Io"i>ejwr« of .nferi n jr that como Thorn a fair, honert t rial, ma per .implr direction*, mad \t y«o«n aotsattafied SZl
£2\ i«_ * m *SF*\;Z. ILlHTJ^ £i?J* Sttmvmn Mart tak-ftur CAJBCAXETS today, for after sain* one 6O5 »>«x, refers the maaswt S*c box and the f«»tj box to ; .. S» -
W Si?* rW r?i P ' ! "* time until you put yonr bowels . us by nail, or the drnnlit from whom you parehaaed it, aad cet your money _ jST '
/Sfc itH wt yL t l eT - r .5tii^i.t CAACA-BET8 UMl»yVu»tler aa abaolat* , baeh: for both boxes.vTafee our advice-no matter what alls yon-start today. g&
£61 rlrht. Take our advice j start wit»^3j»^^-»»*- *-»"«—#» • Health will qnlctly fellow and you will bless the day yon flr»t started the u« 2»*
W ruarantee to cure or money refunded. CASCAJaiiTB. jttookfreeby mall. Addt STKitUSfi Bi*JU>T CO., lew Ywfc sr C«l<kc»» gg|
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
HUSEUHidMANATOlY
§UQ UA222T CT.fet. SAS7BJ S.T.Cil.
The Lrr;«t Arstc-inic.il Mu-eusi in the
Worid. Weaknesses or *ny contracted
disease pa»JUw«-ly rarad by the oldest
Speaali&t on the Coast, hn. 36 yean.
DR. JGRDAfl-DlSEASES OF MEH
Consnltation fr:s ar.d stTktiy priTate.
Tiea-.raent personally or by letter. A
Positive Cure ia erery axe undertakes.
Write for B-mk. *-H!I,CSHPm of
SaRRMCE, MAILua F*£S. ( A
Da s*»nn\Ti a- to., 1031 :.r.irket st.s. F.
It's great superiority
readily verified by a per-
sonal test.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
ARE HONEST BARGAINS.
They are the basis of their
mammoth business «-«-«-•-
This Is a practical commonsens: age,
and people are always ready to save money.
Every * effect has a natural cause, and
Pattosicn's honest . and liberal business
methods have been the mainspring of thtlr
success. Their name is synonymous with
the largest Furniture and Ca-pit business
on the Coast.
He serves all who dare to be true.
Pattosien*« will sell this week substan-
tial Bedroom Suits for 618. OO. The bureau
and bedstead are nicely carved. The bureau
has a full-sized mirror, easy-running draw-
ers with brass trimming. This suit would
sell in downtown stores for $30.
And Couches, that arc so necessary for the
coziness of a room. They ai*e here in hun-
dreds of patterns and colorings, all made in
our own factory on the premises. >You can-
not compare Pattosicn's couches with the
kind you see in other stores; they are East-
ern stuff. Couches from $5 to $75. ' .
And Extension Tables, with their polish
finish, well made and substantial. We ad-
mit selling more extension tables than any
other two concerns in San Francisco.
There is one thin£ that will bring people
together better than anything else, and that
Is common interest — that is the saving of a
quarter on every dollar expended.
Pattosicn's are doing this for. you this
•week in their Carpet Department. Behold
the proofs
Bigelow Lowell Brussels . $1 17£. Instead of $1.50
Wilton Velvet Cerpet $100, instead of $1.25
Best Tapestry Brussels. . .75c, instead of $1.00
Best Inlaid Linoleum Si 35, Instead of $1.75
Best Axminster Carpets. $1 25, instead of $1.50
Cor. 16th and Mission Streets
Camel's Hair [%] £^%A/ Wool ChiDies—
Cheviots— 43 % .I^VTV silk stripes-
inch— Browns n^ solid slnies or
The values quoted below emphatically prove that we are
headquarters for bargains in stylish dress stuffs.
Visit our Dress Goods Department this week and see these
specials. It isn't necessary to purchase, for you're always
welcome.
GENUINE DONEGAL HOMESPUNS- S oo yards boucht bv
our New York agents at a marvelously low price from a money pressed
importer — a reRular $1.00 value all over the United States. — splendid for
outing suits and separate skirts— absolutely dust proof, leather wear— 50
inches wide — six shades of oxford gray — a remarkable » 1- Y»i»H
On sale at Marke'.-sire't store cnlv. ¦ '
SILK FINISH SICILIAN CLOTH-A fine, firm fabric for
traveling dresses, dusters, etc. — also popular for bathing costumes^ — in
black and two shades of navy blue — 3S inches wide — the QQr» V»t»rl
50c kind on special sale beginning to-morow 1 ell U
On sale at Markit-strttt store only.
SATIN FIMSH VENETIAN CLOTH— For tailor dresses.
Eton suits, children's automobile coats, capes, etc.— a beautiful all-wool
material with a rich satin finished surface— 52 inches wide— a big assort-
ment of all spring shades, especially tans. Brays, resedas, reds, old rose,
also in fast black — the $1,550 kind on sale, beginning ft l nfa X/a«vs1
to-morrow 5>I»UU Yard
For sale at Market street store only.
FRENCH CREPE CLOTH— A soft, dressy fabric, one of the
mor-t popular materials of the season for tucked and ruffled skirt»-^fancy
waists, party dresses, etc.— also good for children's gowns— 37 inches
w ide — in two weaves — colors, heliotrope, ox blood, silver gray, pastel
blue, tans, reseda, old rose and many others, including nq r V»t»H
black — our 50c grade on sale, beginning to-morrow. . . . -^«7^ "» «* **
For sjU at Marktt-street store only. .
Miscellaneous Items.
The following items are specials gathered ffom our two stores— they
may be purchased either on Post or Market street — they are four of the
strongest specials these stores have offered for some time past.
SWISS CURTAINS— The ideal curtain for the bedroom— small,
medium and large — dotted and also plain Swiss, with lace insertion and
ruffles — all pure white^ — 3 yards long and usually sell at $1.65 a pair — a
chance to fix up your bedroom at a saving — special ne n n ; p
beginning to-morrow «J>i.^tJ fail
LAMB'S-WOOL BLANKETS-If these blankets had been
bought just previous to the winter season instead of now they would have
con more than the selling price we are going to ask— we could only get
75 pair, but we got them at unusually low figures— all California wool, full
size and weight— a beautiful blanket— the usual $4.75 *jq esr\ n a j n
kind to be placed on sale beginning to-morrow <PO»OV/ r*clll
COMFORTERS— Big enough for double beds— 60 in the lot. well
covered and filled with a good quality white cotton batting — warm as
toast and full of. wear — our popular $1.25 kind cut for rfc*^-. F? o< -.v,
a special sale to «*"C EaCIl
WHITE CROCHETED SPRBADS-Extra good size. dose,
heavy weave,- Marseilles patterns, hemmed and ready to use^ — this 13 our
90c quality — on special sale beginning this week only gQ c F-^ch
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
OIL -WATER.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
MANXTFACTURB !
IRON PIPE
FOB OIL WELLS, FOR IRRIGATION. FOB
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
TANKS
FOR Oil* TOR WATER. FOR CTA2TTDX
PLANTS.
' SAN FRANCISCO.
Directory
m.0L
Reputable
**. OIL jj"i
Companies:
ADVANCER IOcto25c
On April 15 the stock of the Kera
Valley O.'l Company will be advanced
from ioc to 25c. Apply room 13, fifth
floor, Mills Building, San Francisco.
.
California Fortune Oil Co-
SO acres Sunset, 80 acres McKlttrlck, 314 acre*
in Coalings. Now drilling in Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 50c. Information and pros-
pectua furnished on application to E. DEN-
1CKE. Secretary, room 61* Parrott bld*\ S. T.
Famoso OH & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT— Wall
No. 1, pumping- over 60O barrels daily, rated
the "King" well of the district. No. 2 will
be finished by the 10th of April— 10,000 shares
left at 50- cents. Order by mail. 73 cents
after April 10. 393 Parrott building. 8. F.
Investors' Assured Stock
In a company owning producing well.
We Per Share.
'Writs or call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL. OIL CO.. 471 Parrott Building;.
KAPA AND BERRYESSA VALLET OH.
COMPANY— Controls 1CC0 acres of U. S. patent-
ed land In Napa County where thi finest lubri-
cating; oil In California, la found; stock at 19
cents: prospectus farnlabed. (TO and 571 Parrott
bulMfr.g. San Francisco.
SALINAS OIL AKD DEVELOPMENT CO.
1SS0 ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTY.
Well down SOO feet: saall amount of treasury
¦tock at :5c per share. Prospectus and map
• nd information on application. J. B. OLSEN.
Secretary. K4 Parrott building. San Francisco.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands in beart of McKittrick District, ad-
Joininir large producing wells. Small block of
stock for sale. Prospectus and Information fur-
nished at room €03 Safe Deposit Building. S2»
Mon-gcmery at.
THE WELLINGTON
OF SUXSET— PROVEN OIL LAND.
Controls 440 acres. Are £rl!Rn*. Som« stock
la being sold at 50c per share. Information an<t
prospectus furnished on application. No. i.
P»crtn<! Floor. Mills PuiW!ne. San Fr«.nolsw>
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
Office, room 1«. eighth floor. Mills building.
LED F. WINCHELJ* President. '
¦ • T. A. KIKKPATRICK. Secretary.
Ex-Con&ressman JAS. G. MAGUIRE. Di-
rector and Counsel.
First National Bank of 8. F.. Depository.
No Agents No Prospectus.
First well will be completed by May 1st. and
¦work will be actively continued until 12 wells
are completed. Company has 640 acres in
FRESNO-SAN BENITO district soon to be
developed..
First Block of Stock
at 10c per Share.
•With Producing Wells on All Sides. Offeis Its
KERN RIVER,
On the S. W. % of S. "W. U of Sec 19-2S-23.
NOW DRILLING
CALIFORNIA CRUDE
OIL CO.
JAS. B. T. MERSHON,
Dealer in Legitimate Stocks Only,
537, 538, 539, 550 PARROTT BDC, S.F.
The only proposition that will beat
the races,
World Famous Mariani tonicLot and improvements on the northwest 6ide
of Mission street, 60 feet southwest of Mint
avenue, 26x90, to B. D. Beylard. for $14,000;
lot and Improvements on the west side of
Marcy ©lace. 115:6 feet south from Jackson
street. 22x56:6, to Market-street Railway Com
pany, for $3000: lot and Improvements on the
Many Sales Reported.
The following sales are reported by
Baldwin & Howell:
A. M. Speck & Co. have sold for I* H.
Sly to Alexander Wilson "-he Argyie prop
erty on the north line of McAllister street,
£7:6 feet east from Larkm. The lot is 50x
137:6. The improvements consist of a nve
story and basement ouilding. nearly new,
opposite the City Hall It contains a store
and more than 130 rooms. The terms are
$80 000 in cash and land on D street and
Second avenue. 241:3x155. This land is val
ued at enough to make up the total price,
$130,000. The Argyie rents for $700 per
month and is under a five-year lease. A.
M Speck & Co. have also sold to Mrs.
Bertha Behlow. for $26,500, a water lot
45:10x137 on the north line of Mission
street, SI west from Steuart. On this Mrs.
Behlow proposes to place a four-story and
basement brick building containing stores
and lofts. The same brokers have sold for
Louis Metzger to H. E. Law 1611 Vallejo
street, 123 feet west from Van Ness ave
nue, the lot being 50x137:6. The price is
$7500. There is a ten-room house on the
G. H. Umbsen & Co* have 6Old the> Seat
tle block, on the southwest corner of
Golden Gate avenue and Stelner Btreet, for
Mrs. M. A. Jackson to a client of Ray
mond Baldwin & Co. The price was $45,
000 There are five buildings on a 50-vara
lot, which bring in $350 per month rent.
The tendency of the realty market is
good. Large sales are common and the
brokers are as busy as bees and hooefui
that the volume of business will steadily
grow. There have been several notewor
thy transactions In the last few days. A
feature of the present month has been
the discovery by the Southern Pacific
Company since the opening of the coast
line that greater accommodations are im
peratively demanded to move the large
passenger business offered. At the same
time the hotels are filled and flats and
lodging-houses are proving to be profit
able properties. All signs of the progress
of the city that have been so long awaited
are now visible to the every-day spec
tator.
vest side of .Marey place, 93:6 feet south
from Jackson street, 22:11x120, more or less, to
Market-street Railway Company, for $2900; lot
and improvements on the west side of Mason
street, 137:6 feet north from Washington street,
46x57:6, to Market-street Railway Company, for
$3500; lot and improvements on the north line
of Seventeenth . street, .east, from Douglass
street, 25x110, to M. Anderson, for $5500; lot
and improvements on the southwest line of
Russ street, northwest from Folsom street,
30x100. to Mrs. Emma KIdd. for $5700; lot on
the northwest corner of McAllister and Wil
lard streets. 60x100, to Jacques P. ¦ Faivre, for
$2250; lot on the south line of H street, west
from Eishteenth avenue,- 25x100, for $12C0; lot
and improvements on the northwest corner of
Mason and Valparaiso streets. 20x68:3, to John
Sellenarl and Mary Garbini, for $2750; lot on
the northeast corner of Twenty-fifth and San
chez streets, 2S:6xlOO, to Mrs. Alvina Wels
mann, for $1250. • . . . .
Sol Getz & Bro. report the following re
cent sales: ..-
Lot 40x55:3 on southwesterly lino of
Fritz toa za ag gfl fwy rdl fwypup—
C!y<Je street, near Townsend, from J. A.
Fritz to A, Levy. for $1000;. lot 25x120. with 7
room cc« < age, on westerly line of Twelfth
avenue, near Clement street, from G. C.
Harrison to Frank Feusier, $3000; lot 25x120
and cottage on easterly line of Eighth avenue,
between Z and K streets, for 22000, to 8. A.
ftishop; lot 27:6x137:6 on the north line of
Geary street, with 2-story residence, near
Webster street, from H. Fabrique to Joseph
ine Bernstein, for $6500; lot 100x120 on east line
of Forty-third avenue, between Q and R
streets, for $400; lot 50x100 on northwest line
of Athens street, near Persia avenue, for $400;
two lots in block B, Getz Addition to Lake
view, for $200.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have leased
to the combination formed by the trans
portation and trading companies doing
business in Alaska the eastern part of
the Bishop building on Market street, over
the premises occupied by the Santa Fe
Railway Company, for a period of five
years. There will be the general offices of
the Alaskan combine.
Coffey, Hughes & Co. have sold the
southwest corner of Turk and Stelner
streets for Martin Trespaille for $20,000.
The lot Is 106:3x57:6. Upon it are three
stores and six flats that rent for $1900 per
year.
Thpmas Magee & Sons have sold the
northwest corner of Seventh and Brannan
streets for $50,000, the lot being 285x287, for
Walter E. Dean; also the lot on the east
line of Mason street, 80 feet south of
Geary, 25x87:6, with improvements, for
$15,500.
Showing 1 From. Records.
O. D. Baldwin & Son have sold half of
the 50-vara lot on the north line of Post
street, between Stockton and Powell, with
improvements, for $8000; also lot 50x137:6
on the north line of Grove street, between
Broderick and Baker, with Improvements,
for $S250; the northeast corner of Masonic
avenue and Frederick street for $9000, and
the southwest corner of Sacramento and
Lyon streets, 29x100, for $3200.
Large sales that have been recorded In
the last week are as follows:
F. A. Robbtas Press Work* to D. W. Mc-
Caughey. 68:10x137:6 on the southwest line of
Fremont street, 228 feet southeast from Fol-
Bom, $50,000; estate of Eugene Kelly to Jonas
Schoenfeld, southwest corner of Sacramento
and Sansome streets, 60x82:6, $43,100, and also
northwest corner of Sacramento and Sansomo
streets, $40,000; Harvey H. Dana to Douglass
S. Watson. 91:8x137:6 on the southwest line of
Main street, 137:6 north from Howard 1131,
600; Wells. Russell & Co. to Edward D. Bey
lard, 25x90 on the northwest line of Mission
street. S25 feet southwest from First, $14,000;
A. Aronson to Henry van Bergen, 60x107:8 on
the southwest line of Third street 85 feet
northwest from Mission, $120,000; Matilda Far
ber to E. S. Heller, 52:6x100 on the north line
of Jackson street, 85 feet west from Octavla,
$16,000; Florentine Dutertre to Antonio., Lao
lolo. Intersection of New Montgomery avenue
and Dupont street, 22x137:6. $72,000.
j The Woodward-Cushman Company has
succeeded to the business of : Edwin
Woodward & Co., . at - 11 Montgomery
street. In the firm are Included W. E.
Cushman. a former resident of San Benito
County; Major Edwin W. "Woodward and
John M. Cushman, the latter recently
from Boston, where he has been engaged
many years in merchandising. Major
Woodward has been established . in the
real estate and auction business since
1872, and has handled large lines of prop
erties for investors.. The company will
handle the properties of the Golden Re
ward Oil and Development Company of
McKlttrlck district.
The Callaghan Estate Company Is grad
ing the block between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth avenues and H and I streets,
also the block between H and I strets and
Tenth and Eleventh avenues. The blocks
will be subdivided and sold.
G. H. Umbsen ,& Co. will auction on
Thursday, April 18, the southeast corner
of Third and Mission streets, the north
east corner of Bush and Bel den streets
and E0x70 feet on Sutter street, between
Grant avenue and Stockton street, now
used as a wood and coal yard. These
properties belong to the heirs of Matthew
Crooks. The Bush and Belden street cor
ner has a three-story brick building upon
it renting for $305 per month. The corner
of Mission and Third streets has a four
story and basement brick building on It,
with three stores on the ground floor, and
three floors above have 150 rooms rented
for $140 per month. > --¦ ; .
Block C56, south of Golden Gate Park
and fronting the park on the H street
electric line, between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth avenues, is being put on the
official line and grade. During, the com
ing week F. B. Southworth & Co. will be
gin the erection of residences on the east
DOWNTOWN LOTS FINDING
READY SALE AT GOOD PRICES
Feature of the Local Realty flarket lithe
Brisk Demand for Property That
Will Bring a Fair Income.
CHICAGO, April 13.— The Tribune to
morrow will say: -. Dispatches received
here announce that "W. H. and J. H-
Moore of Diamond Match fame have ob
tained control of the Rock Island system.
They are said to have bought an eno-
¦mous amount of Rock Island stock during
the last few days and to have been re
sponsible for the recent rise in Rock
Island. , R. R. Cable, chairman of the
Rock Island board ¦ of directors, .when
shown the dispatch, said that it was news
to him. ' :, ¦ ¦ .
Control Rock Island System.
WELL GIVE A BENEFIT
FDR THE LIBRARY FUND
Ladies' Sodality of St. Ignatius
Church Prepare a Pleasing^
Entertainment.
A musical and dramatic entertainment
will be given in St. Igna'tius College Hall
at 8 o'clock "Wednesday evening by the
Ladies' godality of St. Ignatius Church
for the benefit of the Sodality library
fund. The programme which has been ar
ranged for the occasion is as follows:
Overture, "Medley" W. H. Mackle
College Orchestra.
Recitation ...Hager
Anna M. Egenhoff.
Violin duet, "Renato" G. Belllnghl
Misses Blanche Coonan and Rose Manning.
Accompanist, Miss Florence Coonan.
Chorus Spring Waltz
L. Milde.
Horn solo, "Andantio and Variations"
C. D. Lorlng
E. Schlott.
Vocal solo, "Elsa's Dream".. R. Wagner
Miss Maud Fay.
Accompanist, Miss Mary Maroney.
Gypsy Fantasy ;*.
Mary Heffernan, Elizabeth Rellley, Reglna
Heffernan, Julia Miles, M. Aloyse Brurton.
. Cecilia Kast, Myrtle Bagnall. Genevieve
Kelly. . ¦
Vocal duet :
Mfsses Emma Nickal and Charlotte McKnight.
Selections —
(a) "Elegie" ....A. Czlbulka
(b) "Intermezzo"' T. F. Morse
College Orchestra.
"Revel of the Fairies"
Ida Coonan, Gertrude Ryan. Procbe Raisch,
Phoebe Brutscher, i Irene McArdle, Alice
Flanagan, Rose Flanagan, Annie Nyland,
Sadie Wiesenhutter, Alleen Warren. Cecilia
Mcln-srney, Nellie Mahoney, Maude Mad
' den. Kathlein Gronney, Allca Nolan, Irene
Wood. ¦ .
Fantasia, "Puritani" ...C. D. Loring
Horn solo. E. Schlott.
Chorus, "Spring Song"
• J. Mentlvich.
Humorous selections
, W. J. Hynes.
Comedietta in one act, "Our Hated Rival"....
Veronica Varnish Miss Lilian M. Quinn
Mrs. Marchmont Miss Mary G. Inglis
Finale College Orchestra
DEMOCRATS MEET
AT FESTAL BOARD
Celebrate Jefferson's Natal
Day \ With Mirth, Music
and Speeches.
Mayor Phelan, . as Usual, Bails
Against the Press and Also
Makes Attack Upon Su- .
preme Court.
James P. Booth, D. M. Delmas, R. M. Fitz
gerald, Isador Jacobs, James Denman, Louis
de F. Bartlett, L. W. Lovey, A. W. Wehe, C.
Westerfeld, D. F. Lshlgh, D. A. Hagens, J. J.
Muma. E. A. Wettlg, Hugo K. Asher, Wil
liam J. Brobeck, R. V. Whiting, A. A. d'An
cona, W. B. Sanborn, J. R. Pringle, John Me-
Naught, S. ,V. Costello,. Emil Pohii, Louis H.
Mooser, W. G. Griffith, Dr. T. B. W. Leland,
Dr. Joseph G. Morrlssey, Howard Park. H. B.
Griffith, John P. Allen, George M. Davis, Alex
Vogelsang, George P. Kane, E. J. Hill, T\ U*
Ham M. Cannon, James M. Hanley, Hon.
George H.- Cabaniss, Hon. L. J. Dwyer, Hon.
P J. Curtis, William M. Masruire. James N.
Ross Dr. Z. T. Malaby. Hull McClaughry. Dr.
Larz A. Smith, Hon. Thomas J. Walsh, J. D.
Maxwell, James-D. Phelan, • Judge William P.
Lawlor. J. C. Sims, Judge C. E. McLaughlin,
W. D. Wasson. E. P. Figel. F. B. McClung
L. B. Fitch, James K. Polk, • P. Rossi. Daniel
I O'Brien, J. S. Wardell.- B.' M. Sims, L. T.
Samuels, W. K. Briggs, Benjamin Weed, Jas
per McDonald, H. U. Brandenstein. L. F.
Bylngton, W. A. Dwight, Curtis Hillyer, J.
Karly Craig, L. H. Jacobs. J.^Leo Park. W.
J H.- White, M. V. Samuels, <W. .W^McNalr.
Charles J. Gallagher, P. H. , Flynn. P. J. Me-
Cormick, Hu Jones. John B. Gartland, Joseph
Slye, William Ring, •; Thomas O'Cailaghan,
Thomas P. Nowlan, H. R. Basford, S. Homer
Henley. Egerton Smith, Frederic Purdy, Dr.
Hugh Lagan and Naph B. Greens! elder.
Mr. Delmas was followed by Mayor Phe
lan. The occasion afforded him an op
portunity to dilat* upon his grievances
against newspapers — editors, i proprietors
and "devils"— and incidentally to ques
tion the motives of the Supreme Court
In deciding against the civil service pro
visions of the new charter. The vigilance
committee of 1856 " was commended and
suggested as a good thing for the present
time.- ,.
Other speakers and the topics assigned
them were as follows:
"California,"' Hon. J. C. Sims; "Jeffersonlan
filmpliuity," F. H. Gould; "State Democracy,"
R. M. Fitzgerald: "Our Coming. Success," John
McNaught; "Yale Democracy," Knox Maddox;
"The Necessities of the Case," F. K. Lone;
"Rod and Gun," Washington Dodge; "The
Iroquois," W. M. Cannon: "The Delayed Er
mine." S. V. Costello: "Native Sons," R. C.
Rust: "On to "Washington,". Jo Sproul; "Kan
sas City Reminiscences," Curtis. Hilly er; "Jef
ferscn's Humor," Thomas Hlckey. .
Impromptu toasts followed until a late
hour. .
Among the guests present were the fol
lowing named:
Principles of • Jeff ersonlan Democracy
were thoroughly expounded last night at
the annual banquet of the Montlcello
Club In honor of Jefferson's birthday. The
affair, was held in the marble room of the
Palace Hotel, and fully a -hundred guests
met around the festal board. ¦
President James P. Booth presided and
was flanked by Mayor Phelan and D. M.
Delmas. Other notables of the Demo
cratic ' party occupied seats at the main
table, which was located at the eastern
end of the room. Flags and evergreens,
with pots of flowers on the tables, com
prised the decorations.
An excellent menu was provided and
music was • furnished by an orchestra-
After the solids had been disposed of, Miss
Rose Broderick sang the "Star Spangled
Banner," the guests rising and joining in
the chorus. S. Homer Henley, assisted
by a quartet composed of Egerton Smith,
Frederick Purdy, Thomas Nowlan and
Harold Bosford also helped entertain.
Brackett's "Friar's Song" was rendered
by Mr. Henley.
The panegyric on Thomas Jefferson was
pronounced by D. M. Delmas. He re
viewed the history of the dead statesman
from the inception of the Government and
the effects of his policy upon present po
litical conditions. . ' - 1
SYRACUSE, N. T., April 13.— The Globs
Navigation Company will be incorporated
at Trenton, N. J., -to own and operate
steam and sailing vessels sailing from Se
attle to Pacific Coast, Alaskan, Hawaiian,
Australian. Japanese and Chinese ports.
The capital. $1,000,000, is all subscribed.
Three 3000-ton steamships in Atlantic ports
have been purchased and will sail for Se
attle within ten days.
The officers of the company are: William
Nottingham, Syracuse, president: J. W.
Clise, Seattle, vice president and resident
manager; Lyman C. Smith, Syracuse,
treasurer; W. W. Brown, Toledo, secre
tary. The other stockholders are: H. S.
Holden, W. A. Holden, \V,L. Smith. A. T.
Brown and H: S. Wilkinson of Syracuse
and C. H. Babcock of Hochester.
Three Immense Vessels Have Already
Been Purchased in Atlantic Ports
for th-e". Puget Sound.
Company.
Million-Dollar Corporation
to Operate Liners on
the Pacific.
BIG STEAMERS
FOR SEATTLE
Society turned out In full <• force last
evening to attend "A Night in Munich,"
given in the Mechanics'- Pavilion Annex
by the board of managers of the Colum
bia Park Boys' Club Association in aid
of the institution.
The much/ discussed subject of youn»;
ladies dispensing liquid refreshments had
the effect of crowding the building to the
doors and it is safe to say that the con
cert halls of- the City • of - Munich or of
any other continental city never saw
such a gathering as was present last
night at the improvised "bier halle" In
the Pavilion. '
The annex was tastefully decorated ir
ferns, flags and bunting and tables were
scattered around the hall. A stage was
erected along one side of the building, on
which the artists .appeared. Legends in
German stood forth from the walls, ex
horting all to remember that "he who
drinks not beer must drink lemonade," or
"he who drinks one beer will feel happy,
the second glass will make him call for
a third,'" and other well-known German
quotations.
Society matrons and their daughters, in
the good cause of helping the settleme.it
work of the bays' club, acted as hosts of
the evening. Ladies who figure promi
nently in the Blue Book were to be found
presiding at the lunch buffet or playini?
the roles of dainty waiting maids for the
thirsty guests. • ~ *
Peasant Girls make a Hit.
The young ladies were dressed as peas
ant girls and caused a veritable sensation
as they flitted from table to table, carry-
Ing trays with "bocks," "steins" and
other liquid commodities. Prominent so
ciety men were dressed in the regulation
costume of German students and' the illu
sion was complete even to the "country
man" in blouse and wooden shoes.
Ope long table was occupied by the
"students" and they enacted their rol ;s
with remarkable effect. All the "stu
dents" ¦wore white caps with red, white
and blue colors and sashes to correspond.
Foils, books, bocks and steins were on
the long table and the society waiting
maids were kept busy in catering to the
thirsty crowd. College songs were sung
with vim and the ladies who took part In
the "concert" were escorted to the Ion?
table, where the "students" drank their
health in appropriate manner. . .
Among the young ladies who wero
"waiting maids" at "The White Horja
Tavern" (Zum Weissen Roesslein) were:
Misses Elsie Frank, Louise Sussman, Olga
Epstein. Elsie Lilienthal, Alice Behlow,
Julia Eppingrer, Blanche Lewis, Alice
Greenbaum, B. Lilienthal, Jessica Peix
otto, I. Son, Florence Benjamin, Edith
Esberg, Mabel C. Schrler.
To Whom Success "Was Due.
Mrs. I. N. Walter, president of the boanl
of managers, was assisted by Mrs. John
F. Merrill, Mrs. Louise Greenwald," Mrs.
Albert Frank. Mrs. Dr. Julius Rosenstirn,
Mrs. M. S. Greenbaum, Mrs. J. Levison,
Mrs. J. Greenebaum, . Mrs. Will Green
baum, Mrs. M. Brandenstem, Mrs. I. Wal
ter and Mrs. Clarence Walter.
Sydney Peixotto, who is the chief work
er in the boys' settlement, was In charge
of the concert hall, and A. Koshland lei
the "students" in their exercises.
.The programme of music was as fol
lows: .„ if.
Quartet • • • ;
Messrs. Otto. Purlenky, Rau, Lowenstein. ¦•¦
Terpslchorean specialties ¦ :
Miss Hazel Callahan. ., , ;
Tyrolese songs with zither
"Lietl SIgnoi" • Meyerbeer
"Rivelazione" :...:.................. Marlani
Miss Musto.
Adaptation from a Florodora song and some
H.' Pike,' Harris £>. Connick. Roy
M. Pike.
Song with violin obllgato
•.... Miss Lulu Purlenky. ,-.
Selection for basso ¦'
Herr Mertens.
"Echoes From the Alps".......
Frau Gschwandner.
Dialect recitation ........". ."•• ••
William H. Hutton.
Owing to the enormous success, artisti
cally and financially, of "A Night in
Munich," it will probably.be repeated in
the near future. ,
line of Eighteenth avenue, near H street,
which will be placed for sale with Bald
win & Howell.
The Nineteenth Avenue Improvement
Club has secured the erection of six street
lamps for the Eighteenth and Nineteenth
avenue boulevard. The gas . company is
placing the lamps In position. The round
"Welsbach. burners will be used.
Loans and Baleases.
The more prominent loans of the week
afe as follows:
Security Savings Bank to Klla Lolor, $57,000
cn the southwest cornerof Guerrero and Nine
teenth streets, and also on northwest line of
Mission, 240 feet northeast from Fifth; Hiber
nia Savings and Loan Society to Mary E.
Hastings and Mary J. Daniell, $35,000 on cor
ner of Clay and East streets; estate of A. C.
Whitcomb to Carl G. Larsen, $30,000 on 25x65:6
cn the north line ofxEddy street, 137:6 feet
east from Mason; Security Bank to Douglass
S- Watson, ?80,000 on 137:6x275 feet on the
southwest line of Main street, 137:6 feet north
west from Howard; Hlbernla Savings and
Loan Society to Alvinza Hayward, $40O,C0O on
property at the southeast corner of California
snd Leidesdorff streets, on the north line of
California, near Battery, on the northeast cor
ner of California and Montgomery streets, on
the south line of Clay, east from Kearny, on
the southwest corner of Kearny and Bay, on
the southwest line of Main, southeast from
Harrison.
The releases of Importance have been as
follows: ' ¦ .-• ¦¦.,:.;'¦'..'.'.'¦' '
Kfetate of A. C. Whltcomb to Carl Larsen,
for $30,000, Bam© property mentioned ' In the
loans; French Savings Bank to Emma and
Ella Lolor. for $130,000, proi>erty on tha north
line of Mission street, 240 feet northeast from
Fifth, and also properties on Octavla street,
near Sacramento, and southwest corner of
Guerrero and Nineteenth streets; Mutual Sav
ings Bank to John O-Kane, for $46,000, property
on the southeast line of Market street, 200 feet
northeast from Fourth: Hlbernla Savings and
Loan Society to Joseph H. P. : Howard, for
$42 000, property on the west line of Battery
street, south from Clay. Hlbernla Savings and
Loan Society to A^nes Bowie, for $215,000,
southwest corner of Clay and Battery streets,
southwest corner of Clay and Sansome streets,
northeast corner of Leldesdorff and Commer
cial streets, northeast line of Second street,
near Howard, northwest corner of Second and
Howard streets; Hiberula Savings and Loan ,
Society to A. Aronson, for $29,000, 30x107 on the
southwest line of Third street, 115 feet north- j
west from Mission, and also for $42,600, 60x107
on the southwest line of Third street, 85 feet
northwest from Mission.
Buildings Under Contract.
Mrs. Henrietta Satew •will build a $2900
residence on the south line of Clement i
street, thirty feet west from Twenty-fifth.
. Two-story flats will \ be placed on the
northeast line of Dore street; south from
Folsom, by Michael Tamony at a cost of
$6S00. !
Anna C. Haltmann has contracted for i
the building of six flats on Eugenia street, '
70:6 feet west from California avenue, the
cost of which will be 15000.
R. H. Warneld has awarded a contract
for $10,000 for brick, steel, castiron, car
penter and mill work for a four-story and
basement structure . on the west line of
First street/ 45 feet north from Minna.
Four flats will t*e erected for O. Wahl
heim on the east line of Hampshire street,
north from Twenty-fourth, at a cost of
$4000. ¦ -
Charles Bliss will expend $10,000 in the
construction of a three-story, • basement .
and attic flat building on the south line of
McAllister street, 180 feet west from
Stelner. Sw>^IVHfci^HKB0IVtii&ft$£fSS§
J.- H. Boardman has contracted, for a
three-story flat on* the west, line of Van ¦
Ness- avenue, SO ' feet . north <¦ from^ Union
street, to cost $7300. ' , .
I>. H. Sly will build two apartment
houses at the southwest corner , of Bush
and Jones streets, to be each four stories
high. - • •
- A. Aronson will build a five-story and
.basement store and I warehouse | structure
at the corner of Mission and New Anthony
streets, the cost of which .will. be $130,000.
A physician declares that people who
sleep with their, mouths shut live longest.
Unique Event Is Given' for
the Benefit of a Boys'
/ Association. -
* . '¦" .- <7; - •
Prominent Young Ladles Enact the
Boles of "Wai^ig Maids" at
Realistic Representation .
of Concert Hall.
SOCIETY ATTENDS
NIGHT IN MUNICH
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 14, 1901.
20
APVEBTISETVTKNTS.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3tt HonrV Ride From Los Angeles, Cai
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THH WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reef Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club,"
Eighth Season of our Famous Marlao Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL. METTROPOLlJ and COUNTRY CX.U3
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets.' apply to
TOURIST DfFORMATION BUREAU,
10 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
822 South Spring at.. Los Angelea, CaL
CLENBPOOK.
Just the place to enjoy your vacation. Various
amusements. Plenty large & smal game Tabla
& beds unsurpassed. Kates only $3 & Jio Infor-
mation at Traveler office, 20 Montgomery st.
or address p. W. R. TREDWAY, Proprietor;
Glenbrook, Lake County. Cal.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Chanced hands. Will hereafter be open th»
year round. Bus meets 11 o'clock train from
city at present. The culinary department will
receive soecall attention. For rates and par-
GOOD F^LLoWS' HOME,
*MTI> THE) MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
t-% clna. ¦ Visit this . quiet little resort for
solid comfort. For partloulam apply to a
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
HOTEL ST. JAMBS.
Finest Equipped Hotel la th« State*
THE GEYSlRS. g~j!
OXB OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATU-
ral. steam baths j_ swimming, fishing, hunt-
ng and .livery. write for pamphlet. L
rt'ERTHEIMEK, manager.
VIT I OW PAN'H former proprietor W.
A 1L1.U W K Aft. II Crandell-A summer home
n the • redwoods, 5 miles from Santa Cruz;
unnlng water, swimming, ¦ croquet, abundance
•f fruit, home cooking: table, speaks for ltaelf.
•'or particulars, TULEY & ILir*", Santa Cruz.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
.vat era In the State; fine hotel and first-class
able; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
>. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendocino Co., Cal.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. El* VERANO, Cal., Verano Station
i Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
51 per day and upward. : PETTER GOUUjHAR-
DOU, lessee.
\
MOST ATTRACTIVE PIi\CE IM TjAKB
County to spend a vacation. Boatlnar,
bathing, bowling:, tennis, livery, new walks
end boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUK-
NAN. Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
SUMMER HOME FM»,M,
CRUZ MOUNT AIXS— FIRST-CLASS
O family resort; main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishing:: artificial lake for boatlne
and swimming: long-distance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets, $2 5C>; open the year round.
Send for circulars.
J. H. HAE3TERS. Glenwood, Cal.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
5 miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain-scenery; good hunting, fishing: In moun-
tain streams: short distance ' from Geysers:
laily mail: $7 per week. Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK. Geyservllle, Sonoma. Co.
SKAG-S HOT SPRINGS %?S&<F225l
from San Francisco; but 9 miles* staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath In State; swimming and boating;
rood trout streams;. telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; first-class hotel and stags
service; mornln* and afternoon stages; round
trip from San Francisco only S5 50. Take Tlb-
uron ferry at 7:39 a. m. v or 3:39 p. m. Terms,
$2 a day or $12 a week. References— Any guest
of the past six years. For further lnforma-
toln address J. F. MtTLGREW, Skagss. Cal.
YOSBW1TE VALLEY.
Via Bis Oak Flat and Yoaemlte Stage Co.
Running directly through 'the Tuolumne Big
Tree Grove, El Capitan, Oh My and New Xr.-
spiration' points. Bridal Veil and Yosemlte
Falls. Only 11% hours' staging on this route;
2>2 hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day,
arriving at Yoeemite Valley at 5 p. m.. For
Information call or address WTLaLJAM J.
WHITE. Gen'l Agent, 630 Market St., oppostt-
Palace Hotel; telephone Black 357L
CAMELLINE
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
f Sometimes Fatal.
IN THEIB ITBST STAGES PILES
ctvp-m- nrsiGMTFICANT — NEG-
1EOT THEM AMD BESDITS
AJELE OFTEN FATAI*.
Pyramid File Core Cozes Them So
33iey Stay Cured. v ~" .* "'
At least one-fourth of all mankind are
Afflicted to a greater or less degree with
stiles. -'- - : -
Very often the disease Is of Irregular
recurrence. Maybe the trouble comes only
once or twice a year. Even so. it unfits
a man for business while it lasts. Seema
like a little thing, but it produces more
bad feelings- than even serious sickness
-would. In severe cases tbe£-e Is no com-
fort attainable. Various salves and oint-
ments afford temporary relief, but in a
few minutes the pain returns. Each at-
tack is a little bit worse than the last one.
Itching Is followed by bleeding and pro-
trusion. Fistula follows— surgical treat-
ment—death possibly. And all this can be
avoided.
The discovery of Pyramid Pile Cure has
made suffering 1 unnecessary, even foolish.
By its use relief is instantaneous. It
eoothes the inflamed parts, heals the
broken membranes, reduces the swelling
and brings comfort at once.
The cure Is permanent and the trouble
¦will not return unless new conditions
arise, which produce an entirely new case.
This, of course, cannot be helped, but if
you will use Pyramid Cure immediately
on the appearance of the first symptom
the trouble will vanish. ».
Entggists 6ell and recommend Pyramid
Pile Cure. There may be some who do not
have it, in which case you can get it your-
self from the makers, the Pyramid "Drug !
Co., Marshall, Mich. The price is 60 cents
per packaee.
Purely vegetable,* mild and reliable. Caaae
perfect dleestlon. complete absorption and
healthful regularity. .
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
reiruUrlties. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
etlpction. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
by mail. BAD WAT * CO.. . New . York. -
DR C C O'DONNRLL'9
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GI^EN EIXEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on th« Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In tha world; 43
miles from 8. V. The 3. P. R. R. and 8. P,
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
10 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at tha park: mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. ffDONNELL, office 1021H Market, bet.
6th and 7th, S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to go.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
On y Tnree Hours' Staging
To the Drettiest, healthiest, most restful place
in all California. Kesldent physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, $12, $14,
$16 and $16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO,
316 ¦ Montgomery St., and see photographs of
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG &
WARNER.
AT>VERTISK7ln r»ptxS.
ADVEBTISEMENT&
/"""Great Values
I for this week
1 Never have we been able to offer better oppor-
i tunities for money saving than the values to be
I given -at our store this week. Goods are of good
I quality-or they would not be here. Some re- I
I duced-some bought at special advantage. Un- |
I matchable values that must command the interest 1
I of all economical women, and worthy of prompt 1
I inspection. V ;: i I
I Here are some of the values: ¦¦ |
I n^i! A beautiful line of floral, conventional and |
I rOlUCl Ca oriental tapestry portieres, three yards 1
1 long and full width, with knotted fringe on top and bottom, a |
I very large variety of patterns to choose from, were $7.50 are |
I n ° W lorn? handsome Roman stripe Portieres that are reversible |
I come three yards long with fringed top and bottom— on sale at j j
H the special low price of $2.75 pair. ||
B T opp PnrfflinQ A special lot of Irish Point Cur- I
I l^aCC V-iUrUilllS tains in choice designs with |
I neat borders— 3 yards long and 36 inches wide— curtains that |
I are especially adapted for bed rooms. We are offering them at |
§ the extremely low figure of $2.25 pair. . H
I" ¦¦fncll inn CnVPrQ JuSt received a choice Hue |
. j ¦ . vj UMllUll VjUVU 3 of pilIow cover i n g S in br{g ht f
I floral design's; with double ruffle; complete to slip on pillow, y
1 exceptional value at 50c each. ||
I PiKKnnc We have on sale this week a great many B
I AvlUUUlia hundredyards O f All Silk Chiffon Taffeta |
I Ribbon — a soft and silky ribbon that lays in the very prettiest «
1 folds, ties in the neatest bows and can be used for decorating a «
I hat or gown; is 4^ inches wide and comes in all colors. |1
I "fJotlOIlS Urged by press of increasing business In owr H
I • , Notion Department we were compelled some M'
I few weeks ago to move into more spacious quarters. We now |]
H occupy twice the room we formerly had and are able to serve If
I our customers promptly. Everything in the way of small wares H
I can be" found in this department at right prices. I]
I Dress Shields with double cover, just right for shirtwaists, t]
* i P ri s ri 1 1 a SWrt and Waist Supporter — holds the skirt ap and H
§ ¦ rriscllld - the waist down. Price, 10c each. R
I Foundation t or . stock .< :ollar . with adjustable spring. No 1
I x kj unuauuu hooks and eyes, or pins are needed. |i
I Price, a 5 c each. |
I f Tooth Brushes— Good quality. Price, 10c and 15c each. I
1 ¦¦¦¦: Call on us this week, you will find many more values 1
1 equally attractive. |
I
I 125 to 131 Kearny Street J
i"WALK=ON" jji
best IjnT earth ;«
For the price. They arc equal to those sold else^ \$jS*gj$*7
where for $5.00 or $6.00. That is why we are >gg|jgy
f~ Selling Them by Carloads. iSP
We have "Walk-On" shoes in all styles and >^|feg!§|k
, kinds FOR MEN AND WOMEN. , MmSgm&
Remember Onr finarantee. ¦
If not as represented return ' th;m at our -ex- M^vk
pensc and f?ct your money "back. ' ? /5P*l||y
THIJ^ WFFK llSl
I JL t A K^ T T i-a i-i II ]pC • 4
Our windows will display our iliiiiF
Special Line of $2.50 Shoes. Wffl
50 different styles for men and women. Don't >'$te>±.
*fail to see these monev-saving shoes. EVERY j^IaV
PAIR GUARANTEE D. /&&wh±
WE ARE SOLE AGENTS FOR "WALK- 'tf?f|§fi^
• WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES. M
NOI AN RRO^ Jir
PHELAN BUILDING, \r iw^^^
*¦"¦"' m j 812=8*4 MARKET TR:ET. IgK?
Vgi|||l STORE CLOSES AT 6 P. M. SATUKDAYS AT 11 P. M. . J|%*£JI
sssssotbbI Sterling Furniture pw*»«Mwi,^
TnrKpf \W \ \ n 9 S mm
J^ m^ p J j^«^/ JL I U U Lt tJ /I Eft Jff
Mahogany or golden | 'iff^M
oak finish on elm ! — ' |\^tl 1 II I Ufv!
well made and ought < -^MlsSilf? (I
to please at twice the -^7^; —^S^a
H pi Costuirier $1.22
1 Made of polished golden oak. Handy -
1 <p for bed rooms — sometimes used in
Hi' halls. V
•„., f ¦¦ '. ' > '
1 i Richmond Rang'es
' '{^ (The best b the world) '-" ' .., :-...^~i.-.:
J. . all set up in your home, with water-
| back connected, $5 down — jj>O a
t*\ month.
¦ — . __._ ' ' '¦¦¦in —¦hu—— —,.„ : ' ".-
y We carry everything you could pos-
J§i&' . sibly need to go to housekeeping arid
AttT Tft^^ ! we'd be glad to have you open an ac-
Ya count with us. ' You can make the
« payments to suit your convenience.
Sterling fNarnituf
'Phone , ¦¦' : 4^T\ : rr *?* a £ 1 i i " r *!j r ln
private exchange C^OIXiiD&y" " 52£S&
6O3: VVAAAJ^U/ Berkeley
lO39^Marhet Street lEscaaanSAccused of Embezzlement.
Attorney H. H. Lowenthal was arrested
on a warrant sworn to before Judge Fritz
yesterday, by . Mrs. Clara Knauer, charg
ing him with felony embezzlement. He is
accused of embezzling $180, which he re
ceived fer furniture sold by him on behalf
of Mrs. Knauer. Lowenthal alleges
that it is a case of blackmail. He repre
sented Mrs. Knauer in five or nix differ
ent suits in the civil and criminal courts
and says* his fees amounted to consider
ably more than the $480. He intended to
leave for Europe . yesterday to be treated
at-a famous sanitarium and that was why
the woman had him arrested. He was re
leased on bonds.
by the foreign Ministers In Peking, and In
case of their failure to agree, by th»
Hague court. This plan has not been
definitely acted on or rejected. It Is not
believed, however, that It will be adopted
in its entirety. Great Britain and Japan
have indicated that they will support the
American proposal for a reduction of the
indemnity. • .
There is reason to believe that the ker
nel of the American proposition, touching
the distribution of indemnity funds be
tween the powers, is found in a sugges
tion that the allotment be made upon the
basis of the number of troops actually
emplpyed by each power In the relief of
the legations. By this scheme the forces
brought Into China since the occupation
.of Peking are disregarded, as being en
tirely unnecessary to secure any lawful
and unanimously desired end. On this
basis Great Britain ranks first. "France
second, the United States third and «o on.
Rebekah.3 in Farce.
Templar Lodge of the Rebekahs enter
tained about 300 of Ita friends last evening
in the memorial hall of the Odd Fellows
building with a short programme of va
ried numbers, contributed by Loi Under
wood, Annie Baker and Mr. Kane, and 'a
farce entitled "A Little More Cider." the
characters being by Messrs. Oato. Parker.
Coffin. Gibson and Cameron and Mes
damea Coffin, Donle and Hoslander. all
except the first named being members of
the lodge. The performer* acquitted
themselves in a creditable manner and
were frequently applauded. After tho
farce an hour was devoted to dancing.
./ Music in the Park.
The Park Band will, render the follow
ing programme this afternoon:
Overture "Der Tambcur der Garde" Titl
Cradle song. "Dream On, Dsar Child" .Couldery
Selection. "Boccaccio" 7. ....Suppo
Chilean dance. ¦ "Manana" ....Missud
Suite, "Histoire d'Un Pierrot" (new) s.'ost^
Fantasia from "Macbeth'; Verdi
"Celebrated Minuet" Paderewski
Overture, "The Flutist" Kling
Jrtermezzo, "Cavallerla Rusticana' ..Mascagtil
March, "In the.Surf"....: Flinn
CALL BUREAU, 1408 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. April 13.— Rockhill,
States Special Commissioner to
China, has sent the State Department a
revised statement of the claims thus far
filed by the powers against the Chinese
Government.' The aggregate of the claims
is lower than at first reported, being un
der $400,000,000, but the authorities regard
this as exorbitant and will endeavor to
cut it: In half. RockhlU's information
shows that the claims of I he powers to
date are about the figures given below:
Russia, $90,000,000; Germany. $70,000,000;
France, $40,000,000; Japan, $30,000,000; United
States. $25,000,000; Great Britain, $24,000,000;
Belgium, $5,790,000; Italy. Austria and
Spain, $30,000.0%: grand total, $314,790,000.
Some of the powers have not Itemized
their claims, and ¦ Rockhill's figuies are
Rockhill has cabled to the department
that the Ministers will consider next week
the question of reducing indemnities.l They
were expected to pass to-day upon the
plan of the United tSates that the powers
determine upon a lump sum as the in
demnity to be demanded, which shall be
distributed equitably among the powers
only in the nature of rough estimates. It
would no,t be surprising, therefore, should
the claims amount to more than the total
stated. The Russian claim is as large as
given because of the Invasion of Russian
territory by Chinese 'roops and the de
struction of Russian homes and the mur
der of Russian subjects, the destruction
of railroad property in Manchuria and the
dispatch of so many troops into China.
France's claim is large because under the
treatv with China her protection of na
tive Christians is established. There are
30.000 Catholics who suffered death as a
result of the operations of the Boxers.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Russia, Germany and France Lead in Making What Is Considered the Host
Exorbitant Demands for Indemnity.
AMERICA IS ENDEAVORING TO CUT IN HALF
THE CLAIMS AGAINST CHINESE GOVERNMENT
California Council No. 1 of the Daugh
ters of Liberty gave an entertainment last
night In Shiels Hall that was witnessed
by a large number of members of the or
der and of members of the Junior Order
of United American Mechanics. The fea
ture was the presentation of' living, wax
works by members of the order of Daugh
ters who represented a number of char
acters well known in American history.
One that aroused the enthusiasm of the
audience to a n!gh pitch was Betsy Ross,*
the maker of the first American flag.
When the figure was set In motion and
unfolded Old Glory the entlrtr audience
arose and joined in- singing "The Star-
Spangled Banner." In addition there was
a oroWramme of vocal and instrumental
music" fancy dancing and then a pro
gramme of dances for the young folks. .
living- Wax Figures.
Dr. Gibbs summoned the police and they
were refused admission until Judge
Ernest Gary, a cousin of Evans, arrived
and demanded admission and submission
to the officers. Evans struck Judge Gary
and was taken to* jail in a state of
hysteria, having declared that Captain
Griffln had taken his own life. In the
room were evidences that one or both of
the men had been~ drinking. Aside from
this there is no known reason why Griffin
should have killed himself or that Evans
should have shot him. The dead man's
face was bruised on both eides and there
was an abrasion on the bridge of the nose.
His cane, clotted with blood, was several
feet from where blood marks indicated
that the fatal shot had taken effect. The
right forearm of the dead man showed
powder burns, but none was noticeable In
the neighborhood of the wounds.
Major Evans Is a son of Brigadier Gen
eral Evans of the Confederate army, and
Is a brother of former Governor John G.
Evans, who was adjutant. general in 1898,
and was himself in the Havana Postofflce
Department at that time, j .;.';
COLUMBIA, S. C- April 13.— Captain
John J. Griffin, commercial agent of the
Norfolk and Western Railroad, was shot
to' death this afternoon in the rooms of
Major Barnard B. Evans in this city.: The
arrest of Major Evans subsequently cre
ated a pronounced sensation.
¦ The two were alone and .the occupants
of the adjoining apartments were at din
ner.- Major Evans summoned a physi
cian, saying 1 that a man was hurt In his
room. Dr. Gibbs found Captain Griffln in
a dying condition and speechless on Ma
jor Bvans 1 bed. A 44-caliber revolver bul
let had entered just above the left nipple.
When Dr. Gibbs announced Griffin was
dying he declares that Evan's, who had
been drinking heavily, became excited
and exclaimed that Dr. Gibbs lied; that
Dr. Gibbs and not he himself had killed
Griffln. The physician, under pretext of
replacing a broken instrument, managed,
to get out of tho room, although it is al
leged Evans declared that he should not
do so.
Captain John Griffin Shot in
Friend's Room in South
Carolina.
MYSTERY CLOUDS
AGENT'S DEATH
TWO MEN SERIOUSLY
CUT ON THIRD STREET
Three Men Start Row in Lodging
. House and One Uses a
¦ ' , Knife. .
A cutting affray that resulted in the se
rious wounding of Dr. Craig and John
Driscoll, or Bristle, occurred last night
about midnight in front of the Eagle
Rcost saloon at 00 Third street. The doc
tor received a gash across the nose and
cheek and Driecoll had i.;s ear almost
severed from his head.
The row that led to the slashing started
In the lodging-house over the saloon, and
was caused by one of the trio arrested of
fering an insult to a woman residing in
the house.
The men left the place and were fol
lowed downstairs a few moments later by
Eh*. Crai?r. DriPcoll and another lodger.
Both crowds met in the saloon and blows
were exchanged. The men then went out
on the sidewalk and as Craig and his com
panion attempted to re-enter the lodging
house they were stabbed.
The men who did the cutting re-entered
the saloon to wash their hands and were
arrested there. A wicked-looking pair of
brass knuckles and a small penknife cov
ered with blood were found in the lava
tory used by the men. The names, of the
men arrested are Philip Hein, James
Moore and John Carbone. • "
MERCHANTS REQUEST .
LCTWEB, TArUFF RATES
Secretary* of War Is Requested T to
Maks a Reduction in Philippine
, PjSjt Customs Duties.
; . The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation, acting in conjunction with" the
Chamber of Commerce and other commer
cial bodies on the Pacific Coast, has draft
ed a resolution which is to be forwarded
to the Secretary of War, asking for a re
duction of the customs tariffs between, this
country and the Philippines. . :
- Under, the, existing schedule flour Is
taxed about 30 tier cent, and the mer
chants ask to have this materially, re
duced, as American flour is in great de
mand in the Philippines. Prepared cereals
for table use under the present tariff are
taxed almost 100 per cent, which renders
it almost impossible to ship them with
any profit to the islands.
A reduction in the rates on prunes and
crude petroleum. is also requested. In re
gard to the. former article, the resolution
states that prune raising is one of the
most important industries of this State
and that a considerable portion of last
year's crop remains unsold and that the
crop this year is expected to be very large,
and that therefore a market in the Orient
is very desirable. '
William E. Brown's Estate:
. The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of . William E. Brown, late, vice
president of the Crocker- Wool worth
Bank, was filed yesterday. W. B. Smith,
W. A. Heister and W. E. Lutz. the ap
praisers, find decedent's estate to ¦ be
worth $300,229 94. Decedent's Interest in
the Crocker- Woolworth Bank is appraised
at $51.250.. The balance of the estate con
sists, of real estate in San Mateo andfAla
meda counties and in - this city and -per
sonal property. Notes against some ten
mining- companies, aggregating • about
$150,000. are appraised as having no value.
Delia J.F.Ttfood/ decedent's daughter, is
decedent's sole heir., ¦ •¦ ¦ . .
woven goods, all' are to 'be found in the
display of tho exhibition. • •
The ladiea of the California Club have
decided to keep the exhibition- open to-
ranged that all school children desiring
to attend the lectnreon the afternoon of
April 22 will be excused from school at an
early hour.
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA CLUB. SCENE
OF POTTER AT WORK AT THE SUCCESSFUL EXHIBITION OF IN
• DUSTRIAL AND ALLIED ARTS ARRANGED BY THE CLUB. , '
Cteorge A- Snook, a pioneer plumber of
this city, has been missing from his hoina
at 1&41 Broadway since Friday morning
and His relatives, who have been anxious
ly eearching- for Mm, fear that the worst
has happened. Whether the old gentle
man has wandered away or has been foul
ly dealt with they do not profess to know.
Early on. Friday morning Snook evident
ly left his home before his family awoke.
When his son went to call him
he was gone from his room. For a year
past he has been alhnff and It. 1» feared
that with his advancing years his mind
has given way. The police have been no
tified to be on the lookout for him.
Immediately after his arrival in this city
in 1S49 Mr. Snook started the firm or G.
& E. Bnook, now located at €16 Sacramen
to street, this being the first plumbing
business established In San Francisco.
From this early start grew a laree*busi
ness with several branches. With the
weight of advancing years and innrmitles
gathering upon him Mr. Snook withdrew
from active participation in business
pursuits turning his interests over to
those of the younger veneration.
Mr. Snook is now 76 vtars of age. He
wears a heavy gTay beard and aress«s in
dark clothes. No trace of his movements
has been found since he left home on Fri
day morning. .
PLUMBER SNOOK
AMONG MISSING
Relatives Making Search
for Pioneer Business
Man.
Oakland, who is possessed or remark
able technlnue and handles the bow
like a virtuoso, was the recipient
of merited applause. The young
musician rendered Chopin's famous
"Nocturne" and the "Violin fantasie Hun
parian" of Kelar Bela in splendid etyle.
Mrs. J. J. Bardellini artistically sans
"Twilight Is Falling." by Streleskl, and
"Jacqueminot." by McCoy. Miss Lucy
Hannibal showed her mastery of the piano
by her brilliant execution of "La. Flleuse,"
by Raff, and Chopin's solo in A flat. Al
gernon Aspland, who has a strong tenor
voice, rendered with artistic effect Gou
nod's "Salve IMnora" and "Who is Byl-
Vla?" by Schubert, responding to -an en-:
core with "There Are So Many "Ways to
Live," by McCoy. Mi^s Rita Slater and
Miss Lulu Ayres were the accompanistB,
the concert beine undei the . direction of.
"W. J. McCoy.
Between the numbers of the programme
the visitors inspected the superb collec
tion of the exhibition. The ereneral opin
ion of all present was that the California
Club has eclipsed all previous efforts In
the artistic display mado this year. TbA
fact that all the exhibits are "home iwod
ucts" must be a source of ' gratification .
and pride to every on© who visits the ex
hibition rooms. The most exquisite of
laces, gems of painting, artistic leather,.
Iron and wood cart-Inge, bronze casting*.;
black and white Eketcbfc8, ceramics of
faultless beauty, artificial flowers, pot
tery and miniatures, textile fabrics and
Body Lay on the Track, but Police
Say Suspicion of Murder Is '~.«
Unfounded.
A. man believed to be Charles J. John
son was run over and killed at half-past
2 o'clock yesterday morning by a South
ern Pacific switch engine In the yards at
the intersection of Kentucky and Six
teenth streets. H.' "W. Johnson, swltc i
tender, was riding on' the pilot of the en
gine and saw Johnson's body lying on the
track. He gave the alarm to Edward
Judd, the engineer, but the engine was
too close to the body to be stopped in
time and the wheels passed over it, crush
ing the skull. -';**
Papers found in his pockets showed that
he was a.memWr-of.the Seaman's Ujiion.
Engineer Judd was arrested. by Policeman
John Dolan, but was released by Pol'oe
Judge Fritz on depositing $50 cash bai 1 .
Policeman Dolan made a statement yes
terday that at half-pas* 1 o'clock yester
day morning he and "Watchman McBridc
of the Southern Pacific Company saw two
men going- out on ! LonK Bridge. One of
the men, who answered the description of
the dead man, was very, drunk and when
questioned said that he belonged to the
steamer Ventura, that his name was John
son and that his companion was hi3
friend. * > ':'
Detectives O'Dea and Ryan were placed
on the case and found that Johnson was
storekeeper of the Ventura and that he
left the steamer on Friday afternoon witn
a sailor named Jensen. The detectives
are now searching. for Jensen. No money
was found on the person of the dead man
His watch was missing: and the chain and
ring were left In his vnst. •
The police, after full investigation,- say
the'suspiclon that Johnson met with/foul
play and that his body was placed on the
track so ithat the enrine might destroy
evidence 6f 'crime is entirely unfouridad.
VENTURA'S STOREKEEPER
KILLED BY LOCOMOTIVE
"It follows, negotiations not having beer
started, that nothing has passed between
the governments of the United States and
Great Britain respecting quid pro quo U
¦be demanded by Great Britain in consid
eration of the release of the United States
from the restrictions imposed by the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty."
"It is not even possiMe to predict now
because the results obtained are so in
clusive that the -State Department will
not be able to acquaint Lord Pauncefoto
with the basis upon which it is willing
to negotiate for a treaty before the Em
bassador sails for London next June. It
is even possible that Lord Pauncefote may
feel it incumbent upon him to delay hU
departure for a time or even to omit his
leave altogether if by so doing he can
better ascertain the Senate's conditions
for the Embassador is naturally desirou?
to assure himself of success before h-.
again undertakes to irame a treaty which
shall bear his name. • .
"Secretary Hay is devoting himself now
to the ascertainment of the feelings and
desires of the Senators and consequently
not having completed this ' work he has
not begun negotiations with Great Britain
for a new treaty. It is not an easy under
taking to test the Senate in this fashion
not only because of the number of Sen
ators who must be sounded, but also be
cause of the indccisioii of some of the moi
who rank as leader^!
"After the adjournment of the Senate
and the lapse of the pending Hay-Faunce
fote treaty Secretary Hay decided to pur
sue the subject further. But to avoid the
possibility of another failure for the same
reason as brought about the loss of the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty the. Secretary de
termined to reverse the usual method of
procedure in framing treaties. He there
fore concluded to flm consult the ratify
ing power, the United States Senate, to
ascertain if it was possible for the Sen
ators to agree upon the basis of a treaty
which should be at the same time accept
able to the executive branch of the Gov
ernment and to Great Britain. It was
realized that unless two-thirds at least,
of the Senate could be brought Into agree
ment in advance upon the basis of tho
treaty it would be perfectly useless for
the executive to embark in negotiations
with Great Britain for the formation of
another convention.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— There is au
thority for the following statement of the
status of the Panama negotiations:
Framing' of a New Treaty "With Great
- . Britain Must Await the Re
sult of the In
quiries.
Secretary Seeks Information
of Their Stand Regard
ing Canal.
HAY SOUNDS
THE SENATORS
M. A. Fargo, as administrator of the
estate of the late Earl A. Fargo, has" sued
L. J. Rose Jr., administrator of the estate
of Jerome B. Fargo, to declare a trust on
63,860 shares of the capital stock of the
Home Gold Mining Company. It is alleged
that some years ago EarlA. Fargo trans
ferred the property In question to Jerome
B Fargo. The suit is now brought to es
tablish this contention. , .
Sues to Declare a Trust.
The regular quarterly meeting of the Li
brary Association of California -was held
Friday evening in the rooms of tho "Wells-
Fargo Library. Cfcarles S. Greene of
the Oakland Free Library, president of
the association, was m the chair. Miss
Maude Purdy rendered a solo. R. E.
Cowan spoke on "The Spanish Press in
California" and Miss Anna Fossler of the
University of California on, "Cataloging-."
Library Association Meets.
The physicians in charge at St. Wini
fred's Hospital of the treatment of Miss
Nora Lambert, the girl whose scalp was
torn from her head bv a belt In Haas'
candy factory, will make further skin
grafts upon her head this afternoon. Any
persons who will volunteer to submit to
the surgeon's knife to furnish the grafts
are requested to call at the hospital be
tween 12 and 2 o'clock. The patient is do
ing well and the case promises to be com
pletely successful and a noted one in sur
gery.
Notable Case in Surgery.
Steps have been taken to place the cash
ier In custody, and his arrest is expected
at any time. The last published state
ment of the condition of -the bank bears
date of February 5. According to this
statement the deposits then amounted to
an aggregate of about $466,000. The re
discounts and the bills payable aggregated
$16,000. It Is believed the statement was
Inaccurate In several items. The capital
of the bank i& $60,000 and Its surplus $6000.
Bank Examiner Frank I* Fish, during
ail examination of the bank on April 3,
discovered a shortage in the cash, and a
further investigation which has been con
ducted, by Special Examiner John B. Cun
ningham indicates a total embezzlement
by the cashier, D. B. Lewis, of $90,000.
After the discovery of the defalcation the
examiner secured the return of $35,000 to
the bank. Until a more complete investi
gation Into the acts of the cashier is made
it is impossible to state what loss, If any,
will accrue to the depositors. It is be
lieved, however, that. the, loss to the de
positors will be large.
WASHrNGTON, 'April 13.— The Comp
troller of the Currency to-day appointed
J. T. Sullivan of his office a temporary
receiver, of the Farmers' National Bank
of Vergennes. Vt.
Shortage in Coin of National
Bank in Vermont Dis
covered.
CASHIER TAKES
MANY THOUSANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI;, SUNDAY, APRIL 14, 1901.
The California Club will extend lti
patronage to the lectures to be given a
Metropolitan Temple on April 22 and 27 bj
Ernest Seton-Thomoson, the well knowi
lecturer on animals. The club has ar
In the evening the art gallery was
crowded, many prominent Bociety people
being' prtsent. The musical programme
wa3 exceptionally ffood and was listened
to with rapt attention. Miss Alyce Gates
eung the "Sombrero" of Chaminade and
"Good-night." by Dvorak, in her well
known artistic style. Her sister, Miss
Gertrude Gates, charmed her audience by
a clever selected reading-.
The band of the Thirty-third Regiment,
U. S. A_\ recently returned from Manila,
gave a promenade concert and received
hearty applause. The officers of the regi
ment were present at the exhibition and
concert last evening. After the exhibi
tion closed the ladies of the club gave a
banquet to the bandsmen at the St. Nich
olas Hotel.
day from 10 a.- m. until 6 p. m. to allow
many to Inspect the display who might
not have the opportunity to do so during
the week.
CROWDS FLOCK TO EXHIBITS
HADE BY CALIFORNIA CLUB
Artistic Displays and Musical Programme flake Com
plete Success of Worthy Efforts.
THE ladies of the California Clus
are to be congratulated on the.
splendid success of the industrial
art exhibition now open In the
eallery of the Mechanics' Pavil
ion, The attendance yesterday was very
large and late-comers had difficulty in
securing seats during the rendition of the
delightful musical programme. The pro
grammes in the afternoon and evening
were In charge of committee B. Applied
Arts. Mrs. Arthur W. Cornwall Is chair
man of this committee and the other
members are Mrs. Scoville, Mrs. H. E.
Htebton. Mrs. Jacob Brandt, Mrs. Ella
Sexton. Mrs. X. H. Cook, Mrs. Emll Pohl.
Mrs. Henry Damkroeger, Mrs. Will B.
Jackson, Miss Bernlce Soovllle. Miss Caro
line Snook, Mies Ida Kcrvan, Miss Ka
llsher. Miss H. L. Stadtmuller. Miss Jen
nie Long and Miss IjUcv Hawthorn.
Th« afternoon concert was enjoved by
the large number of ladies and gentlemen.
Master Willie Rickey, a vlo-Jlnist from
21
GBAFE-NTTTS.
This is worth thinking abont and the
results may be depended upon. Give
rour children Grape-Nuts and use the
tood yoarsel*. - ¦
That i* scientific feeding, and with
Grape-Nuts you 'have the youngsters fed
Ir. a way that will bring the biggest kind
of returns as they grow up. and you see
what they accomplish because they have
well-built bodies and good, sturdy brains.
Grape-Nuts contain natural phosphate
of potash and albumen obtained from
grains, and these elements combine in
the human body to form gray matter In
brain and nerve cells all over the body.
Such nourishment means vigor, snap.
Hrength and force of both mind and
body.
If children are not healthy, round and
ropy, ready for study or play, there Is
probably something lacking In the food.
A sure body builder for children (or
adults) is Grape-Nuts, the famous ready-
t-'ooke*! food, and there Is a reason.
lecting Food.
SCIENTIFIC FOOD.
Mothers Feel a Besponsibility in Se-
Will offer at their new and spacious warerooms, 226 and 228
Powell Street, onMonday morning:
20 MISFIT EXTRA SUPER CARPETS (Ingrain), 9x12 feet, all sewed,
v ready to wear, for- ... . .. > • > • • • • • .28c a yard
35 MISFIT SUPERIOR QUALITY DOUBLE-FAGE CASHMERE CAR-
PETS; 12x15 feet, at. . : 35c a yard
ART RUGS, very stylish, 9x12 $4 80
BIG JAPANESE RUGS, 18x21 feet. $38-00
JAPANESE RUGS, 9x12, Oriental effects. $12.50
QpttaSe h\r\ QaFpst Qo.
226 and 228 POWELL STREET.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
IB ¦" #*^^ fZ*m*T^ii vma^. 1/9/HEN you see an article ad-
l\ f f^\ 1 #^7\ vv vertisod, it is assuring ic
i\ [ /•) W ffSiV " V - J I I *1 1 know that it is as represented— '
m VIV^A^I^^^^ J 3 can be bou 9 ni at an y t/me durin i
I* J --^ fc '*hjg "" • the week— and that it is in stock
I i^^iW^S—^^^^^ J »«< rrt|^ read y for del ' ver y- Those sales
| n " —^ M^^™^P»j|^ B^ BB^" l ™^™ l=— IBH ™ B^^ £*%* which last for an hour, or thosi '
h Wrr^§y^^^^ ctJJJtJI fiq^i&iH P Jig '^ 9 °d is dry, are methods we ;
ill B BoBBIaffinuljE-MMuCLBKMnfluEfiflBl^f^ r. Wear the new improved KNICK-
jj9 ' liiisBS^K^g^^BlP ¦^jHKTr^^JB^"** ***^ a^"™^™*^Trnifti f ERBOCKER SHOULDER BRACE.
kg . BHBttlNSjSJHS^jjgl "lyaVA \a FffMTH EHr JHJBHBpjBHBHBBSI tor Do >" s or slrls. It is made of best
H aswB^^^^^BSiH fjjyUft *8b jBj^^SHH and a pair of suspenders in one. No B
Sfj ra IBiSSjRJlSH^^KgS^Mte3aHB3aMBlmEB8BffiSBtSP -^^pS^y.&Srf^B^BBJMyKj mother should allow her children to E
BS BffirSgjffijffiflig^jjffijgyy^ be round shouldered rc*hen you can j
W TtJWTl'Wf* 8 '***" 'r iiHriiMOTrWffyffW^TT^T"""^^ buy braces at this price .' 2,">t» j
I EXTRA' IXFRA! Not in Years Some Striking Specials I
fg Y ' ' Has there been such a complete rev- —FROM OUR- | ¦
§ fere fs the Best $1 Glove SSdX S.'ESiS t a o s a?t a a s in b the nfw UndermuslFn Department I
m MiiH#» military straight front effect. The ' FIRST— LADIES' CORSET-COV- ;B
m • - Itldlie. VAN ORDEN "LA GRECQUE" ER. made of good strong soft muslin. H
M The above statement is not an ex- CORSET comes nearer to perfection The whole front is made of lace Inser- jH
E» atrrrpratinn hut the nlnin truth In this reeard than anything else and tions of dainty torchon, neck and arm- -m
m This .Sloveis i mad? of^rood Russia "•°£ 11 J g d 0 /,? been so eagerly size trimmed with torchon lace." The f
[13 leather, soft and pliable, pique sewn, accepted by the fashionable world. material would cost you more than we W
§9 one-clasp, Paris point stitched back; g»^ We carrv the full as- ask for this dainty garment 5Oe ¦)
CM a good, strong, heavy glove for shop- f^Vt sortment of this splendid *4k=^ SECOND —LADIES' Q
M ping or everyday wear; colors tan lO* corset and take great .U^^tV DRAWERS, made of RJ
fe« and red. Within everybody's reach _-^f ' P^asure in introducing e*~~*^f good soft finished IS
S3 $1.<)<> /C_^-'A th!s week the "LA muslin, cut wide. I
tg //i?g>^4i GRECQUE" BELT COR- Jfcs-s-J tucked and trimmed H
A rSniP* SriPr^l From Our Suit iT^ttA^ SET for stout women who *C?i3PSJ* wlt h insertion of tor- B
I llie Opt-Ciai rrcm UUraUll SfflffiK) wish th=ir abdomens re- chon and finished with B
3 !iPf)f5r?mPnt NM23A duced. ruffle of torchon lace. A* great bar- fl
ft ucpai iKieilL. f£5&\ It Is cut low and full at gain 4J)o B
9 LADIES' TAILOR . I .the top. with the waist THIRD— LADIES' SKIRTS, made fl
H 'JO* SUITS made of good line running low down In of best soft bleached muslin, tucked ¦.
'l iSSs? ' all wool cheviot jack- front, giving that long-waisted. and trimmed with two insertions of 1
81 *i^ et flv-front 'effect, straight-front figure so, essential for Normandy lace, flounce finished with a
¦I v£^fr\ lined throughout with tne present style of dress. A circular deep ruffle of Normandy lace, extra E
H (v^ best fast black Italian belt around the bottom sets snugly dust ruffle. Full length, extra wide. «
H Irvi*' cfoth new L'Aiglon over tne abdomen, reducing the Highly special at 82.4S B
¦9 vit/^ collar skirt 7 gore - measurement from two to six inches. . . «
m M/l lined throughout with Made of best quality Italian cloth nOSiery lalK. M
s4 I? I good oercaline and ' and boned throughout with best r-WTT t»t»'c-m > cs -ariatr m ,^« «# ~«~,i B
1 M -ioe^an^u 10^ |SS2SJ^^&Si£j85SS ¦2J5;ss-e£ffir rt SSd^JaJ?2 I
II JSrffik bu V the material for OUR NEW CENTURY STRAIGHT 1 2 W M
M jffl£lvWb>. hy tne J'ard. as lndi " FRONT CORSET, made of ,pood ., T ,. . "„„ ~'J/>l!\r ft
I <£P£*P cated. by this price...] quality Italian cloth, bias cut. hand h^[ S ° P^\f' S;™ d ,. f Ifg H
1 $7.9O gored, cut low in the bust with the soHcedTe'Jls and toes douhll' «,nli% 1
3 v*o«7 cinnjno* z»fY«^t l^no- woict Q«ri »pnce(j iieeis ana toes, uouoie soies, u
Ji ' llC yv E>lO T Jin,c5 trlltjC I, lOIig Wells I dJIil *„ i * v»i_ —I- -,-i + w _.v,n n m— t „ W
I VELVET- HALF »«"«»»»*»• Actual ™ lue »^ ™ Sb£iS l toB^iJr l the^ e ftS? .£ 1
a nmnnFit ELL r»r»i/>cr price. .7. i . »» over lace effect. Astonishing bar- I
1 RIBBON PR1CB» THE PRINCESS CORSET BEATS gains ° 25e I
1 r*a«*-»V^n rmvi^*»» ANY $2.50 CORSET MADE. Li
I Narrow velvet ribbon, baby width. it Is made by the makers of the HERB IS ANOTHER O
I best velvet, satin back, tn all the celebrated "Majesty Corset." That Shirt W^iict Onnnrf ftnitt/ H
I newest spring shades. Actual value statement is a guarantee of perfec- *->••« «« "Ul>i wpjjui LUiiiiy B
& 40c. Our price, piece of 10 yards.. UuC tion. It is made of best quality LADIES' WA.ISTS made of good ¦
k ¦ .. c A . French cloth and boned with best quality percale, fancy braided front, ¦
I OW, as the Season Advances,. tem Pe r £d steel. 0^...........|51.oO French back. Bishop sleeves, adjust- H
f I arffot YnnVVII Rpnin tn Nf»pd CORSisi mihu iuth. able collar; colors pink. blue, red and B
Ej Lfidies, iouw.ij negm loneea . . < black; all sizes. Special while they »
I Your Linen Dress Skirt. Here Underskirts at a Sacrifice lasj t •• ' ose I
1 Is an Opportunily That No One ladies' un- Worth Reading/ H
I Should Overlook. Sa^of go^d R qua!- If you want the best pin made try I
M • INDIES' DRESS SKIRTS, made of /.fl ity Italian cloth. our new BOUDOIR PINS. They are H
B good tan linen, cut after good tailor H'/e*V highly mercerized, the best needle-point pins made and D
Wl patterns, inverted pleat back," " all 7/yBirA corded fl o u nee are good and strong. Ton have paid B
¦ M lengths, extra wide. Attractively trimmed with ruf- as high as 20 cents for English pins ¦
K jriced " '29c '^iSiUT fles' and faced with not their equal. An American pln-at B
I - ; • . . pood strong crino- American prices 10c R
I SI Our Knitted Underwear d2r. : red! < bfJk V a e n r !i" In Our Handkerchipf Department. |
i DPD^rtfTient. **^~T*«^j)9r b]u ' e our sacri- LADIES* ALL-PURE LINEN B
I r at^tt^T ,Lld I iV 1 1 fice P rlce 9S« WHITE HEMSTITCHED HAND- B
I ..LADIES' VESTS, half wool and . KERCHIEF-dainty and sheer. The H
I nlci C c O ro?heted S Uh C silk O^^^ ©f BuCk ? eS. price is the attraction lOc I
m through with silk ribbon, in gray Of. good flre gilt metal, plain gilt or Ra.r#»j»«««: in Intiis* SiiL H
i only. Equal to any "5-cent garment fancy French enamel. An assort- Dai l|a!H*> ill niuia aim. *|
1 . Tiade, now 35c. Separate pants. ment of the new Parisian patterns INDIA SILK, 20 Inches wide, war- Q
I Pants to match, ankle length, French to pick from. Worth 45c to 75c. Our ranted pure silk, colors pink, blue. red. H
I 'band; special ...35c quick selling price ii."»e yellow, etc. Attractively priced.. 25c H
JOE ROSENBERG 816 market st. I
I U? \s iUd JL±\J KJ JLJ JL^a AJ'J-JXIL^^ 9 running through to 11 o-farrell st. a
I MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. FKCHSXjA-X^ BXJTII_,X3IiTa . BTO SAIL.
Sun, Moon , and 'Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
, Times . and ' Heights of j High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay.- Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, APRIL 14.
Sun rises 5:38
Sun sets , 6:44
Moon rises .T .". 2:32 a. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given 'in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time 'of
day; the, third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
Aged. Miner's Cabin Robbed.
REDDING, April 13.— A peculiar rob
bery. Involving the loss of a bank book of
$2000, was committed to-day at the cabin
of Michael Ratchford. an aged miner liv-
Ine between Shasta and Keswick. It Is
believed that the robbery was the work of
two felony prisoners who recently escaped
from the County Jail here. The fugitives
are known to be in hiding somewhere in
the hills of that vicinity. The robbers
carried away every scrap of clothing and
provisions In the house. «
2000 lbs bar lead, 32,000 lbs bread, 10 bales belt-
Ing; 93 pkgs ¦ cordage, : 20 cs coal oil, 198 cs
canned goods, 11 pkgs crockery, 3000 lbs dried
fruit,' 21 cs dry goods, 10 cs eggs, 375 bbls flour,
30 pkgs fruit, 949 pkgs hardware. 2040 lbs lard,
146 pigs lead, 1600 lbs nuts, 85C0 feet lumber,
84 cs 41 drums oil, 20 cs paste, 32 cs paint,
40.000 lbs salt, 5040 bdls shooks, 82 bales twine,
3000 boxes tin plate, . 197 pigs tin, 91 pkgs
woodenware, 13 cs wine. *
Shipping Intelligence.
- ' ' ARRIVED. j
Saturday, April 13.
Stmr City of Para, Porter, 27 days 12 hour*
13 m'nates (rein Panama, via AcayiiMjO 10
days J2 6i-a ](• n inutes. .' -
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog. 48 hours from San
Pedro, via Ventura 40 hours.
Stmr San Pedro. Johnson, 23 hours from Eu
reka; bound south; put in to land passengers.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard. AZ hours from Coos
Bay.' ' ¦ ' ¦ •¦ ' . -o ,'--r-::-. .
Stmr Kvichak, Nelson, 9 hours from Santa
Cruz.-: ; "• •. ¦'*..-•-" . ,' ,
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 45 hours-from Coos
Bay. "- ¦ '
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, ' 84 hours from
Oyster Harbor. .
, CLEARELV
. •..-.,¦.' Saturday, Apn".13.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Di?go;
GccUall, Perkins & Co. . < /'• ¦;•¦: , :
Ger stmr Pentaur, Peterson. Hamburg, etc;
J D Spreckels & Bros Co. •
Ship Bohemian, Whalman, ¦ Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' . Association.
Ship Two J.othtrs, V. . son. Bristol Ta>:
Alaska Pac zcrs' Association.
Ship John Currier, Murchison, r»ri->t..l Knv;
Alaska t'aciers ..: rsociation.
Bark Coalinga, Olsen, Bristol Say; Alaska
Packers' Association. . ¦. .
Brig Consuelo, Page, Mahukona; Chas Nel
son.
Schr \Araso, Mclntosh, codSshingr; Lyntle &.
Hough. . . .-. - ¦..-...
¦¦. V SAILED. -:>¦..' '
, t ,; •. ... Saturday, April. 13.
Stmr Samoa,!;Gunderson, Eureka. ."'•':
•;¦ Schr La Gironde, Hansen, Eureka.- -:.
Stmr Columbia; \ Doran, Astoria.' . ' , •'
Stmr Pomona,, Shea. . Eureka.-: , V
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, Portland.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle. V
Stmr Point Arena,-Hans ?n, Mendoclno. .
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, Crescent City. • " "¦
Stmr WestDort. Ericsson,, Eureka.'..' '¦ .
Stmr Argo. Hughes, . ¦ ¦
Stmr Sail Pedro. —— ' - -¦
Br shin Eulomene, Zeal, Queenstown.'
Bark Edward May, Hansen, Honolulu.
Bktn City of Papeete, Ipsen, codfishingr.
Russ bktn Bering, Bitte, PetroDaulovski.
Schr. Jennie .Wand, Christiansen. Eureka.
Schr Conflanza, Christensen, Coquille River.
Schr Aloha, Fry, Honolulu.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, Mendoclno.
Schr EnterDrise, Davidson, Bristol Bay.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Parisian, at Liverpool, April 10,
lat 50 N. Ion 15 W —Br ship Ardnamurchan,
from Fraser River, for. Liverpool.
March 26, lat 37 N, Ion 35 W—Fr bark Tou
ralne, hence Nov 1, for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 13, 10 p m—Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA—Arrived April 12—Stmr i Eureka,
hence April 11.
Sailed A»ril 12—Stmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco. .
Arrived April 13 —Schr Serena Thayer, from
Kahulul.
Sailed April 13—Stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro.
ASTORIA—Sailed April 13—Stmr George W
Slder, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO—Sailed April 13—Bktn North
west, for Port Townsend. » » ¦ '
GRAYS HARBOR—Sailed April 12—Schr Lll
lebonne, for Tonga Island.
COOS BAY—Arrived April 13—Schr Emma
Utter, from San Dieeo. .
CASPAR—Sailed April. 13—Stmr Luella, for
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO—Sailed April 12—Schr William
Renton, for Port Townsend. I
Arrived April 13—Schr Lucy, from Umpo.ua.
PORT HADLOCK—Sailed April 13—Schr
Transit, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES—Arrived April 13—
Stmr Mineola, ¦ from Nanalmo.
Sailed April 13—Stmr Zealandla. for Hono
lulu: stmr San Mateo, for Comox.
SEATTLE—Sailed April 12—Stmr Centennial,
for Honolulu.
Sailed April 13—Stmr Rainier, for New
Whatccm.
NEAII BAY—Passed out April 1J—Bark Car
rollton, for Honolulu. \
EASTERN PORTS. r ;
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Paused April
]2 — Ship Kenilworth, from Liverpool, for Phila
delphia. ¦ /
FOREIGN PORTS. '.
CADIZ— Sailed April »^Ger stmr Ammon, for
San Francisco." ¦
FALMOUTII — Arrived April 1*— Fr bark
Amiral Troude, hence Dec 9. ¦ , . .
Sailed April 12— Fr bark BourbaJd. for ~Um
ertck. ' ;
PANAMA— Arrived March 22-Chil «tmr Pa
lena, hence Feb 22.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed March 29— Oer ship
Osorne. for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Sailed March 20— Bar Btmr
Peru, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to April 13-Jep
Btmr America Mam, hence March 15. ¦ -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived April 15— Stmr
Grosser Kurfurst, from New Tork. for Bremen.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to April 13— Stmr
America Maru, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Yokohama. • .. •
LONDON— Arrived April 13— Stmr Marquette,
from New York. " •
HAMBURG— Arrived AdiII 13— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York, via Plymouth.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Auril 13— Stmr. Luca
nla, from New York.
Sailed April 12— Stmr- Belgenland, for Phila
delphia. Anril .13 — Stmr Laurentlan. for Hali
fax ; stmr Umbria. for New York.
QUEKNSTOWN— Sailed April -JS— Stmp Cym
ric, from 'Liverpool, for New York. ¦
ANTWERP— Sailed April 13— Stmr Zealand,
for New York. , " . . •
HAVRE— Sailed April 18— Stmr I/Aqultalne
and stmr La, Gascogme, for New- York.-
CHERBOURG — Sailed April : 13— Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton, for New York. -
NEW YORK— Sailed April 15— Stmr Manltou,
for London: stmr Hohenzollern, ' for Naples;
stmr Servla, for , Liverpool ; stmr Pretoria, for
Hamburg; stmr Assyrian, • for Glasgow.
Arrived April 13 — Stmr Kaiserin Maria There
sa, from Genoa, Naples and Gibraltar..
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Christian Scientists to Ziectnre.
;< Abraham Sulcer, M. D., C. S: B., of Riv
erside, Cal., i will , speak s v at Metropolltar
Temple at 3 'o'clock this afternoon undei
the auspices of the First Church of Christ,
Scientist. -Mr." Sulcer is a member of the
Christian Science board of lectureship oi
the First Church | of ¦ Christ, Scientist, ir
Boston, Mass., and the address promises
to be interesting:.
To Review University Cadets.
Colonel G.W. Bauer,. commander of tin
alumni commissioned officers, of the Uni
versity of California will review the Uni
versity, Cadets on April 15. Colonel Bauei
will be accompanied ¦/¦ by the f ollowini
staff: Major Perdval Dohman, Captalr
J. W. Millar, Captain P. A. Denlcke, Cap
tain.William Jargens, Captain R. Logan
Lieutenant J. D. Hatch and Lieutenant J
A. McGee. :
ceed the Late Captain
Reddy.
KEIXY SUPEBINTENDENT .
OF THE CITY ALMSHOUSE
Health' Board Appoints Him to Suc-
The Board of Health yesterday . ap
pointed W. J. Kelly to succeed the late
Captain Reddy as superintendent of the
City and County Almshouse. The" ap
pointment was made under' civil service
regulations for the rest of this month, as
Captain Reddy's last commission was for
a period of thirty days. It is certain that
Kelly will be continued in the position at
the end of that period. • ¦ .,
In . foretelling Kelly's appointment in
Saturday's Call it was Inadvertently
stated that he was a cousin of Mayor
Phelan. Neither Phelan nor Kelly, how
ever, acknowledge any relationship. Kelly
was Phelan's choice for the position and
the board gracefully acquiesced in his.
Honor's desire. .
Kelly was formerly clerk to Health Of
ficer O'Brien, In which position he made
many friends by his gentlemanly bearing
and strict attention to his duties. He has
just returned from a trip to Europe, hav
ing acted as Miss Phelan's business agent
while she was attempting to better her
impaired health. "While In Europe Kelly
made a particular study of almhouses and
their method of conduct and he is thor
oughly eqiupped to discharge the functions
of the head of such an Important Institu
tion. - • ' . •
President : "Williamson of the : board ap
pointed- Drs. Baum and Buckley a com
mittee to draft resolutions of regret over
the death of Captain Reddy, who so ably
filled the duties of superintendent for
many years, past. ' . ; .
Emlle T. Drier, who Is said to be well
connected in Honolulu, Is wanted by the
police ' on a charge of obtaining money by
false pretenses. Yesterday • Harry Bren
nan of- the firm of Brennan & Kelly, pro
prietors of the Zinkand buffet, appeared
in Judge Cabaniss' court and swore to a
complaint charging Drier with defrauding
him out of $170 by bogus checks. Drier la
at present. in San Jose, and an officer will
be sent to that, city to-day to arrest him.
Several months ago Drier arrived In this
city from Honolulu and soon became &
familiar figure on the "cocktail route."
Glib of tongue and liberal with his money,
he made many friends, among whom were
several saloon-keepers. In a short time
Drier found, himself without funds, and to
replenish his purse he proceeded to give
worthless checks for various amounts,
ranging from $5 to $100. The checks were
drawn on the Crocker-Woolworth Bank,
•where Drier claimed he ' had a large
amount on deposit. Brennan cashed some
of these checks, but when he presented
them at the bank he learned that Drier
had no funds there. Drier was asked for
an explanation. He pretended that he did
not know that he had overdrawn his ac
count with the bank, and promised to
make, good the amounts as soon as he
could communicate with his father In
Honolulu, r - - " - .
Subsequently, .finding himself besieged
by the men whom he had duped. Drier,
evidently becoming alarmed, quietly re
turned to Honolulu. He came back about
ten days ago and at once boarded a train
for San «Jose.
Learning that Drier had returned his
victims waited patiently for him to ap
pear . and redeem his worthless checks.
They are still waiting. .Becoming exas
perated at Drier's failure to make good
the amount he had obtained from him,
Brennan yesterday swore out a warrant
for his arrest. Additional charges prob
ably will be placed against him.
DRIER'S CHECKS
PROVE WORTHLESS
Honolulu Man Charged With
Obtaining Money by
False Pretenses.
FLEET OF LAUNCHES BUILT
FOR THE SALMON CANNERIES
Fifteen of the Little Tenders Will Leave for Alaskan
Waters Before the Month Ends.
Hatters of Interest -to. Mariners and
Shipping Mercnants.
The ships C. F. Sargent V ahd" Charles E.
Moody will load coal at Tacoma for Honolulu;
the J. A. Campbell, lumber at Port Blakeley
for Honolulu; the CrJccieth Castle, wheat at
this port for Europe at 35s.
Merchandise for South America.
The Kosmos line's Bteamer Pentaur sailed
yesterday for Hamburg, via Central and South
America, with a general cargo valued at $99 -
517, manifested as follows: For Central Amer
1^A 1536 tV Ecuador. $22,432; Peru, $20,131; Chile,
$o4,468: Hamburg, $950. The following were
the principal shipments:
For Ecuador— 6330 bbls flour. 1005 lbs dried
fruit, 80 cs canned goods, 14 cs extracts, SS cs
salmon, 517 lbs hsm. 11.750 lbs tallow, 10 balfs
hay, 35 cs whisky, 72 colls cordage, 3584 lbs tea,
15 crs onions, 25 pkgs groceries and provisions
20 cs candles. ISO crs potatoes. 108 cs 6090 sals
wine.
For Peru— €550 lbs caustic soda, 87 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 85 cs salmon, 20 bales
paper, 10 cs sulphlc acid, 31,850 lbs tallow 131
cs canned goods, 146.890 lbs malt, 660 coils c'oid
age, 832 Mis ehooks, 9711 lbs ham. 1120 ctls
wheat. 2820 bbls flour. > ' CUS
For Chile— 17,130 bbls flour. 885 cs salmon. 52
cs canned goods, 225 pkgs groceries and provi
sions. 782 lbs dried fruit, 10 cs wine, 100 bales
paper.
In transit— 500 cs ealmon, valued at $1275
For Amapala, C. A.— 1000 kegs powder,' 2 cs
For Hamburg. 100 bbls asphaltum 90 trals
wine. 5 cs dried fruit, 2 pkgs agricultural Im
plements.
A Cargo for Petropaulofski.
The Russian bark Bering sailed yesterday for
Petropaulofrkl with the following cargo, val
u ck3 r. t $39, 85 1 1
11 cs arms and ammunition, 25 carljoys acid,
NEWS OF THE. OCEAN.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship-
City of Para arrived from Panama and
W ™ y * port 5 >' esterda y- She brought up
ibw tons of cargo, mostly coffee and sugar
and the following cabin passengers: H.
S. Wilson, Charles Mixter, H. H H
Meyer, J B. Moixant, Julis Langenten,
Eugenio Langenten, A. Reynel, J. Devlin
George Reed and T. N. Alexander. , '
The City of Para also brought up four
steerage passengers and twelve Chinese
en route to China. The steamship's long
voyage was due to strong head winds and'
cross seas.
Major Harney Entertained. ;
Ex-Harbor Commissioner P. J. Harney
was the guest of honor on the State tug
Governor Markham yesterday. The excur
sion was got up. by the employes of the
board ana it was a very enjoyable aJTair
There was a number of ladies and yount?
folk In the party and everybody had a
right merry time. The trip included a
cruise around China Basin a trip to the
Tjnion Iron Works and Hunters Point and
a run around the harbor. Three cheers
were given for the major when the party
broke up. , *
Water Front Notes.
Peter AIcMahon, one of the old time
water front boardihsr masters, died last
Thursday and was buried from St. Mary's-
Cathedral yesterday. Deceased had a host
of friends. His son, Henry, and daughter
Mrs. Ella Deuteh,' survive, him. •-*'.'••-¦¦;-¦•¦
Captain Thwingr, "ate of tfis steamship
John S. IUmball, has been appointed tc
the command cf the Noyo. Captain Ja
kobson takes the schooner Confianza, Cap
tain Christiansen the Jennie Wand 'and
Captain Peterson the Newbury.
Captain Lawrence L. Brown of the cus
toms service is : to be married to Miss
Lillie Clarke at Niles to-day. • \
Captain John Ross, who is seeking the
wreck of the Rio de Janeiro, under spirit
ual guidance, has incori>orated the Rio
Wrecking Company.
Overdue Steamship Gets In at Last
From Central American Ports.
CITY OF PARA ARRIVES.
will be a large fleet of
I small tugs and steam launches in
I Alaskan waters this year. The
\X salmon packers and the codflshers
are all going in for the latest im
provements, and as dispatch is a great
desideratum in the business steam is go
ing to replace muscle. In the old days' the
dories were rowed to the canneries with
the fish that had been taken. This meant
the loss of valuable time and many a load
of king: salmon was lost. while the fisher
men were away landing their catch. Now,
however, the tugs and launches will dance
attendance on the dories and as fast as
the lish are taken they ¦ will be rushed
ashcre.
The fleet of small boats will consist of
about fifteen nine-knotters, some of wbich
will go up on the decks of sailing vessels,
some will be towed up and a few will go
up under their own steam. Those that
will be towed north and also those that
will go under their own steam will be
housed over from the bow to the pilot
house in such a manner as to throw the
water on* should a wave break aboard.
Of the mosquHo lleet the Pacific Steam
Whaling Company owns three — the Uyak,
Koppiung and Sawtooth; the Alaska
Packers' Association four— Ugashak, To
giak, Quinnat and Odiak; the Alaska Sal
mon Association two— Oneida and Tyonlc;
Frank B. Peterson the Mohawk, and C. E.
Whitney & Co. the Hilda. All of the ves
sels were built at South San Francisco,
and are now being fitted out by the
United Engineering Works. The Mohawk
is now almost ready and will be towed
north next week, while the Oneida went
away on the deck of the steamer Lakme
yesterday. The building of these boats
has kept a large force of men busy for
the last four months, and the work will
go right on, as many more of the same
c.ass have been ordered for the season of
The steamship ChJlkat, built for the
Alaska Packers' Association by the Ful
ton Iron Works, will have her official
trial trip to-morrow. She is also for the.
salmon trade.
The following regular vessels of the can
nery fleet cleared for Bristol- Bay yester
day: Ships Two Brothers, John Currier,
Bohemia, bark Coalinga and steamer
President. .
Commission Claims It Has Lost Jur
. isdiction Over Deputies Only,
but Recorder Has a Con
trary Opinion.
t. . -''..'» ' ', " J
In accordance with his announcament
made last week, Recorder Godchaux yes
terday appointed four of his old copyists
who were displaced about a year ago by
civil. service ellgibles. They are Eli Lan
dry, William H. Garnett, Lawrence Bran
nan and Thomas J. Kelly, and it is prob
able that the Civil Service Commission
will take the matter to the courts to deter
mine whether the Supreme Court decision
exempts deputies only from the civil ser
vice provisions of the charter. ,
Recorder Godchaux is not paying much
attention' to the contention of the commis
sion that it has not lost control of his
copyists, but claims . that, under the Su
preme Court decision he has, the power to
appoint his own- copyists without asking:
permission from the commission. God
chaux says that he was shown no favors
when the commission forced twenty-one
civil service eligibles upon him last year,
and that he certainly intends to show no
favors to the commission. He was at that
time threatened with , removal by Mayor
Phelan, and rather than lose" his own po
sition was obliged- to sacrifice competent
copyists of his own selection. Godchaux
is now fortified by the fact that Auditor
Wells informed him that he would sign
the salary demands of the four new copy
ists after he had been officially notified of
their appointment. • ¦ • -;
Commission Still Undecided.
The Civil Service Commission has as yet
not decided upon a plan of procedure to
determine the disputed point. Commis
sioner Quinn said yesterday that he did
not know what would be done. It appears
that the commission is waiting until God
chaux proceeds to remove one of the civil
service copyists employed- by him. Quinn
says that then the courts will be Invoked
to settle the jurisdiction ¦¦ of the commis
sion over employes other than deputies in
county offices.* ¦ '\* " ' ' \
The commission is supported in its con
tention that it still has • Jursidlction over
all subordinates but deputies by- Mayor
Phelan, who holds that section 8% of the
constitution,, as ' interpreted by. the Su
preme Court recently, provides that a
charter may fix the ;number and compen
sation of the. Recorder's -•• deputies, but
cannot fix their qualifications; that is to
say, they are exempted from civil service ,
examinations. , . • : v ¦ .-- !
"There Is no;mention, of, copyists in sec
tion &-A," says the Mayor, "and. by "no
construction can > copyists | bo considered
deputies. Now, where does the Recorder
get his authority to appoint copyists? The !
charter, which must be- ': regarded as a
law as well as the. general' law, provides
that the Recorder may appoint as many,
copyists as he may deem -necessary, who
shall receive S cents a- folio. It seems
clear, therefore/that the Recorder must
look to the charter for authority to em
ploy copyists, and as copyists are not dep
uties within the meaning of section 8% it
is competent for the charter to fix their
qualifications by. requiring them to be on
the civil service eligible list, and also their
compensation." j : ¦ .¦%;¦.- . •
Mayor Doesn't See Necessity.
The Mayor cannot see why Godchaux is
increasing his force of copyists now that
he has introduced the book typewriting
machines, which reduce the labor by one
half. In answer to, this Godchaux states
that ¦' the business of his office, has in
creased 40 per cent over that of last year,
which was the heaviest in the, history of
the office.' His copyists have all along en
tered from 1500 to 1800 folios per month,
and at 8 cents a folio would be entitled to
$120 to $144 per month. But the charter
prohibits the payr. ent of over $100 to each
copyist, so in justice to his copyists he
has increased their number by four.
Of the four -men appointed Eli Landry
was chief copyist when: displaced by a
civil service eligible. Landry' s penman
ship failed to satisfy the fastidious taste
of the commission and its board of exam
iners. Godchaux points to the fact that
of -the other three appointed Garnett Is
number 177 on the eligible list. Brannan.
number 117 and Kelly number 147, and this
he regards as a proof that he is not en
tirely Inimical to civil service. The men
are too far down on the list, however, to
be certified for appointment should requi
sition be made on the commission. .
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
. ; Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. TJ. B. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
.- April 13, 1901. xJ
The time ball on the t6wer of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge
Recorder Godchaux Carries
Out His Expressed
Intention.
APPOINTS FOUR
OLD COPYISTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, APRIL 14, 1901.
SOME OF THE FLEET OF CANNERY TENDERS THAT "WERE BUILT.
AND EQUIPPED FOR THE SALMON INDUSTRY DURING THE PAST
WINTER. FIFTEEN OF THEM WILL GO NORTH, i '
22
Date
14 ...
15 ...
L6 ...
L7 ...
18 ...
19 ...
!0 ...
Time Time Time Time
e Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W L,W> HW
.. .1:28 2.1 7:25 4.S 1:43 0.7 S:30 5.3
.. 2:23 1.4 8:31 4.9 2:33 0.9 9.10 5.5
,. 3:12 0.8 9:35 5.1 3:20 1.1 3:45 5.8
. 3:59 0.2 10:34 5.3 4:03 1.2 10:25 6.1
. 4:44—0.3 11:30 5.3 4:43 1.6 11:01 6.3
. 5:31-0.8 12:27 5.2 5:27 .1.9 11:41 6.3
. 6:22—0.9 1:24 5:1 6:12 2.2...
Steamer.
From.
Due.
San Pedro.. Humboldt : ....;....j
Bonlta..... Newport .................
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Eureka .'. Humboldt .
Queen Pan Diepro
Bristol. Oyster Harbor ...:;....
G. W, Elder.... Portland and Astoria...
North* Fork..... Humboldt ...............
Kvarven Nanaimo ................
Mackinaw Seattle
Arcata... ....... Coos Bay, .*........
Fulton.......... Grays, Harbor..........
Pomona.. . Humboldt ........... .v..
Doric..:....,..;. China and' Japan......;.
Corona:... Newport
Umatilla... ...... Puget Sound- Ports.....
Santa Barbara. San. Pedro -.'..".:.. ;...i.
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 17
Apr. 17
Apr. 18
Steamer.
I Destination. |Sails.| Pier.
Destination.
—
W. Kruger...
Argo
South Coast..
Santa Kosa. . .
Grace Dollar.
Empire
Eureka •*,.
Nome City....
Walla Walla.
Bonita ....
Mandalay
China...
Llmari..
Ventura
Queen....:....
April 14.
Tillamook Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Coqullle River 4 pm Pier "2
Humboldt ..'10 am Pier 2
San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April 15.
Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
April KJ.
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Seattle direct 4 pm Pier 2
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Newport 9 am Pier. 11
Coquille River 10 am Pier 2
April IT.
China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Valparaiso & Way. 12 m S.W. 2
Sydney & Way Pts 9 pm Pier 7
San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April IS.
Coos Bay . ..: 12 m Pier 13
Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Seattle Pier 2
Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Tillamook Bay Pier 13
April 10.
Newport 9 am Pier 11
April 20.
Point Arena ..: 2 pm Pier 2
Nome via Seattle. Pier —
N. Y. v. Panama. 2 pm Pier 16
Arcata
Santa Barb...
Pomona.......
Robt. Dollar..
City of Para..
G. W, Elder..
North Fork...
Acme
Corona
Point Arena..
Jeanle
Leelanaw
Date
14 ...
15 ...
L6 ...
L7 ...
18 ...
19 ...
!0 ...
Time Time Time Time
e Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W L,W> HW
.. .1:28 2.1 7:25 4.S 1:43 0.7 S:30 5.3
.. 2:23 1.4 8:31 4.9 2:33 0.9 9.10 5.5
,. 3:12 0.8 9:35 5.1 3:20 1.1 3:45 5.8
. 3:59 0.2 10:34 5.3 4:03 1.2 10:25 6.1
. 4:44—0.3 11:30 5.3 4:43 1.6 11:01 6.3
. 5:31-0.8 12:27 5.2 5:27 .1.9 11:41 6.3
. 6:22—0.9 1:24 5:1 6:12 2.2...
Steamer.
I Destination. |Sails.| Pier.
Destination.
—
W. Kruger...
Argo
South Coast..
Santa Kosa. . .
Grace Dollar.
Empire
Eureka •*,.
Nome City....
Walla Walla.
Bonita ....
Mandalay
China...
Llmari..
Ventura
Queen....:....
April 14.
Tillamook Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Coqullle River 4 pm Pier "2
Humboldt ..'10 am Pier 2
San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April 15.
Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
April KJ.
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Seattle direct 4 pm Pier 2
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Newport 9 am Pier. 11
Coquille River 10 am Pier 2
April IT.
China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Valparaiso & Way. 12 m S.W. 2
Sydney & Way Pts 9 pm Pier 7
San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April IS.
Coos Bay . ..: 12 m Pier 13
Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Seattle Pier 2
Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Tillamook Bay Pier 13
April 10.
Newport 9 am Pier 11
April 20.
Point Arena ..: 2 pm Pier 2
Nome via Seattle. Pier —
N. Y. v. Panama. 2 pm Pier 16
Arcata
Santa Barb...
Pomona.......
Robt. Dollar..
City of Para..
G. W, Elder..
North Fork...
Acme
Corona
Point Arena..
Jeanle
Leelanaw
Steamer.
From.
Due.
San Pedro.. Humboldt : ....;....j
Bonlta..... Newport .................
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Eureka .'. Humboldt .
Queen Pan Diepro
Bristol. Oyster Harbor ...:;....
G. W, Elder.... Portland and Astoria...
North* Fork..... Humboldt ...............
Kvarven Nanaimo ................
Mackinaw Seattle
Arcata... ....... Coos Bay, .*........
Fulton.......... Grays, Harbor..........
Pomona.. . Humboldt ........... .v..
Doric..:....,..;. China and' Japan......;.
Corona:... Newport
Umatilla... ...... Puget Sound- Ports.....
Santa Barbara. San. Pedro -.'..".:.. ;...i.
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 17
Apr. 17
Apr. 18
SPECIAL VALUES
••#»irN»»»»
NEW GOODS!
ON MONDAY, APRIL 15, WE WILL SHOW A
SPLENDID ASSORTMENT OF THE FOL-
LOWING NEW GOODS AT SPECIAL PRICES:
One case (40 pieces) 19-lncH FLANNEL TAFFETA SILK,
entlrelunew fabrlG and warranted to give good wear, 1 In
the following snades— Pink, Cream, iYorn, Grag, Light
Blue, Old Rose, Reseda, Cardinal, Turguolse, Lavender,
Tan,, National Brown and NaYB, Price 75c Yard.
One case (20 pieces) BLACK FRENCH SILK GRENA-
DINES, Yerg handsome patterns, In stripes, checks, hro-
cades and plaids, prices ranging from
$1.50 to $4.00 Per Yard,
125 LADIES' FINE SILK WAISTS, made from an extra
aualltn or Taffeta Silk, 1 corded hack, front and sleeYesj .
all the leading Golors, also hlaGk.
x Price $6.00 Each. GOOdYBlne for $8.50,
r . ¦¦ , . • .
One case (35 pieces) FRENCH WOOL ALBATROSS, 38
Inches wide and.Yert) snperlor analitp:, 1 In the following
shades— Cell, Cream, Pink, Nile, Apple, Tan, Violet, Na-
tional Purple, Garnet, NaYD Brown, Cardinal and Corn-
Flo wer Blue. Price 60c Yard.
25 pieces ALL-SILK WASHABLE FLANNEL, gnarail-* :
teed fast colors, latest waist material In sllkj in the fol* \
lowing oplors— Pink, Cream, Light Blue, Ivoru, Old Rosej
National Tumuoise, NaYu, and Reseda.
Price $1.25 Yard,
15 cases FINE MERCERIZED PRINTED FOULARD
SATEENS, heautlful designs and. all new colorings, tha
most deslrahle wash fahrlc shown this season. £
~ Price 25c Yard.
Samples Above Piece Goods Forwarded Free to Any Address,
111, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
A CALL REPORTER
Highly Recommends Mr. George
Mayerle, the German Expert
Optician.
After Being Thoroughly Convinced That May-
erle's Glasses Are Far Superior to All Others
for reading or distance, weak eyes, poor sight,
headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vision, float-
ing spots, pain about the eyes, behind the head
or in, temples, nervousness, sore eyes, ¦ discharg-
ing- eyes, feeling like sand in the eyes, crosseyes,
burning, smarting, Itching, scratching, twitch-
ing, gluey eyes, heavy eyelids, etc. Mayerle's
glasses rest the eyes, strengthen the optic nerve
and preserve the sight. Mayerle's glasses are
now used by the highest United States Army,
Navy and Government officials.
EXPERT OPTICIAN. •
Broken
Eyeglass
Lenses replaced for SO cents.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated tor 91.OQ
and 9XJ6O.
Guaranteed correct and best'iraallty.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factary ea
prenlses. Quick repairing:. Phooa. Mala 13.
r^OTOo $a twxut
642 Market 5t. iMSTRuwtNt-*
UNDER CHROXICLC BUILD1N&. CATALOGUE FRECJ
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. CJVIQORA..
tor tnd' Nervine. ,
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both •«»*.
* The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of ths Kid*
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRXJNB. AgentsT"
ta Market st.. S. F. — (Send for . Circular*.)
dr^otjltyT
.1 Specialist cure* Blood Poison. Gonorrhcaaf G?eek
Se , ralnal W« tD e». Impotence wdttefi
slUed Disorders. Book on Diseaies of Meii, frei!
OTer»Tear»>xperience.Term«ireajionahi« w«J»™
9to3dalfy:6:30tor30erW8™d a 7^»SliO; n Su!:
¦tationfreeandsacrecUr confidential! CaS oraddzesa
P. BO8COE MeXCLTT, 31. D.
g6K Kearay 8U San Franri^co. Cal-
RRTTQWI7Q FOK barbers, bak.
£>XI.UOXlJuO e "- bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers,- bookbinders, candy-makers, cannerv
dyers, < flonrmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, •ta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners tailors, etc
; BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacrarnenta Si
. Trapper's Oil cares' rheumatism and neuralgia
Prugglsts, 50c flask. Richards it Ox, 406 day. 1
This is to notify the friends of the Vet-
eran Volunteer "Firemen's Association 01
California that Its annual picnic -will tx
held at . Sunset Park, Santa Cruz Moun-
tains, on Sunday, June 9. 1901, and not ai
San Rafael on June 23, 190L - •
. OtOKBB MAYi)..LE, German Expert Optieita..
(San Francisco Call.) " ?- : v
SAN FRANCISCO. March 4/ 190t.
Mr. George Mayerle, Optician, San Francisco.
Cal.: Agreeable to promise that after two years'
use of the glasses you fitted to my eight I
would tell you what I thought of them, I take
pleasure in writing I have never had so much
comfort In the use of glasses as I had with
those procured from you. Their use has demon-
strated that they restored normal sight, and I
add further that the daily use of them for many
hours by day and by night has ! not produced
any -strain on the ; eyes, such as I experienced
with other glasses. Respectfully, . - •
y " " •' ERNEST C." STOCK.
;. Neglected ¦¦ eyesight affects the brain. May.
erle's glasses strengthen the eye and brain.
GKBJIAN EYEWATEB, 50c
Consultation, ' Examination 'and i Advice Free."
Open Evenings until 9. ¦ Telephone South 572.
GKORGE MATERLE, German Expert Opti-
cian. Charter member. American Association of
Opticians; graduate of the N. L College of Oph-
thalmology; also American College of Ophthal-
mology. -- ¦ "¦ - -, - . .
1O71J4; Market Street.
(Opposite Hlbernla' Bank, San Francisco, Cal.)
See City Directory for Eye Specialists.-,^
Persons. ordering glasses. by mall should stats
their age;. also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, orboth; and what price.
ADVEBTISHMENTS.
*&} If you're living
It Drop 'w
Sit Cb?
ff Us a g
\i Line g
ir* Containing your name j,
?r and address, with th
iff names and addresses of'\\-
¦f? ten other persons living "^
in your town, and we \j
Tj will sendyou our lates &L
L! catalogue of spring and p
#r summer fashions, and
,2 A Very ¦ f
J Pretty ff
g Souvenir. j&
$ Cor. Kearny Street and
£l Union Square Avc. W'
h The house that likes mail orders r?
P $
THE BLAGKGOODS HOUSE
1105 Market Street. h
TCI.BWMOTIB SOUTH 4TS. m
New Tailor-Mafle Suits.
New Si Dress SHits.
lew 81 SIM Waists.
t Mourning
Outfits u
And Snlt3 \
Of Every
Description \
Made I
To Order
At Short \
Notice. \
THOKOVOH SATtSFA CT/O.t
GUARAHTEEB.
R. T, KENNEDY COMPANY.
Ew^^oi'*^.Viy .¦& '"^KCwvtCn t^ "^t.
§ Jp^v i^9 ybr" qual i fy I 1
I J^& women, there can te but one | I
i P^ce, that's at our store. Here I I
| Ili||ili' or tw enty-three" years we have 1 g
I^^^^S had .^ e pleasure of serving Cali- 1 1
||fe^v5-JBM " fornia's most fastidious dressers. U |
fe^t^^m- " Snoes that please in price and §
RfeS^^ll quality," is a motto we observe. I I
HBBBiBBe D 00 ' 1 forget our NEW S3. 50 I
S|pW^^ , DEPARTMENT for men and wo- I I
|^^^^ men. Fo:ks from out of town I I
H '^GEsSSfflS* s "°. u l d sen< 3 to us for H
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
¦*^7t*r*7***'' ~— a^*"* 1 *!^ m _j J
CHIFFONIERS!
Xn«t ta— A lanre lot of Fine Oak Chlffonlere;
cp- to -date stylea, and all the way from
$12.5O TTx^.
No borne complete without one of these
grreat oomforts. You know, we pay no rent,
•o undersell them all. We carry everything
in stock to set you up in housekeeping.
THE J. NOGNAN FURNITURE COMPANY
(Incorporated),
I O I 7- 1 023 Mission Street.
Above Sixth. San FranciBco.
KID GLOVE
SPECIAL
SALE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
1B0O pairs LAX>IES' TWO-CTLASP
KID &LOVES, in black, redaml
brown- A regular $1 glove O« c
3600 pairs extra fine quality ladles'
two-clasp kid. In black, white, red -
brcwn. tan mode, gray and green.'
A stylish and durable glove *7Q,-»
for i UW
800 pairs misses' - fine kid * gloves
broken sizes • in brown . and tan.
Formerly sold at 73 cents; 1O/,
reduced to...... ,,tTrOw
Fabric G!o?es with Clasps.
In Blacks, Whites and Colors. --
For^^^^p^in?^82
MOSS' GLOVE STORE
1S81O MARKET STREET,
- *Bet. Taylor 'and Jonea. -
Ait\/ KK.'i i^h.'MTrrTTa rPages 23 to 32
SAN PKANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 14, 1901.
Alleged Denver Kidnaper Accuses His Wife of --Infi
delity to Justify His Peculiar Acts.
RIVIERRE SEEKING HIS BOY
MEETS WAITING DETECTIVES
Acjax tnrong or society people
gathered at Fort r Mason yester
day afternoon, drank lemonade,
bought home-made candy, ate ice
cream and watched with Interest
a trio of Japanese actors in a .Japanese
pantomime, so that they might fill the
treasury of the Channing . Auxiliary, for
whose benefit and "under whose auspices
the fete -was given.
Picturesque tents and- a -huge,' gayly
decorated platform' transformed old Black
Point into ideal picnic grounds. There
were pretty women galore arrayed in all
the brilliancy of their Easter finery, hun
dreds Of children tumbling 1 about the well
kept lawns, a brave showing of men and
several dozens of fetching maidens, who
worked .bravely and well and filled the
coffers of the auxiliary, in a manner most
grs.tlrylng to the patronesses. •
• The programme of the afternoon had
two strong points in its favor— its pic
turesqueness and it& novelty. A strolling
bond of Japanese - players proved to be
the piece de resistance and won much ap
plause for its pantomime act, culled
from an old historical Japanese drama
that flourished 700 years ago. The panto-
Charming Auxiliary. Garden Party Draws a Swell
Crowd and Fills the Society's Coffers ¦*'
BEAUTY, MUSIC AND MIRTH
AT GRIM OLD FORT MASON
, SCENES AND. INCIDENTS OB*
THE GARDEN PARTY AT
FORT MASON.
LEADING FIGURES IN THE SENSATIONAL KIDNAPING CASE WHICH
IS CREATING A BIG STIR IN POLICE CIRCLES OF TWO METRO
POLITAN CITIES.
* Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Catherine. Fletcher against James Fletch
er for desertion,' Elizabeth, Cunningham
against Michael Cunningham for failure
to provide and Charles O. Johnson against
Mabel M.- Johnson for desertion. - '. -
Divorce Suits Filed.
The case of Ernest Narjot, who shot and
killed O'Neill : Gleason,' bartender • in the
grotto at Turk and Market streets, a year
ago, was again- called in -Judge Cook's
court yesterday,^ Judge Lawlor presiding.
Narjot failed to appear and, the Judge de- (
clared his * bonds of $1000 forfeited.' . The
bondsmen are John . H. Grady, •= Fire ¦ Com
missioner, . and Frank ! F.- Barriss, I saloon-
Narjot's Bonds* Forfeited.
John Gonniffe, a resident of Napa. died
last, night at St. Mary's Hospital from- a
fractured skull, caused by his being run
over by' a truck on Sansome street.
¦ Conniffe was subject, to fits, "and it Is
supposed that he was taken with one and
fell, in front of the vehicle. The accident
occurred yesterday afternoon and he was
taken to the hospital. He succumbed to
his injuries' late last night and his body
was sent tothe Morgue,
i Conniffe has a sister residing at 6i Sil
ver street, this city. He came down from
Napa yesterday morning to be married to
a San Francisco young lady. .
NAPA. MAN'S, WEDDING . !
PBEVENTED BY DEATH
Cathedral on Y Powell Strest Hand
j . somdy Decorated and Impres
¦ "¦.":¦ "sive Services Hsld.
The Easter Sunday services in • the
Greek-Russian Orthodox Church com
menced this "morning' at 1 o'clock and
were most solemn and impressive.
A procession, j participated in^ by the
members of the congregation, each one of
whom carried a; lighted candle, marke-l
the ' commencement of the services.
The church was beautifully decorated,
and the: gowns of the Bishop and the
priests added to the grandeur of the ser
vice* -• • S • -" r ..* - - - - ' -
The service was performed by the Right
Rev. I. Tikhon. assisted by the Very Rev.
Archimandrite JioclU.os. Revs. Th. Pash
kofsky, S. Dabovich, P. Popoff, N. Metrc
polsky. G. Krassoff, N. Greevsky and M.
Bellavln. ¦ ¦ : ; " ; ¦: . ' .
GREEK EA STEB, SUNDAY
» GRANDLY CELEBRATED
keeper. "Narjot was twice tried for the
crime. On the first trial the jury stood
seven- for acquittal and five for conviction.
On the second- trial there was onry one
juror for conviction. After the second
trial Narjot left the city and was last
heard of in Los Angeles, but no trace of
him has been found in some months.
Resolutions Adopted Favoring a Peti
tion to the Board of Supervisors
to That End. '
The Municipal League of San Francisco
has adopted resolutions favorlnsr . a . peti- -
tlon tothe Board of Supervisors to order '
an election for a new bond Issue for school •
buildings, sewer system and the park pan
handle. The resolutions' pledge the league
to lend It3 most enerzetic 'assistance to?
carry the proposal to issue bonda. - . ¦ • ;
The resolutions bear the- followihjr sig
natures: Naph ' B. OJreensf elder, vies
president Municipal Le?gue:' F.-C. Se!f
ridgel president Western Addition -Im
provement Club; F. W. Van Reynegom.
vice president . Mission Improvement
Union; N. Schlessinger. vice president '
Municipal Improvement League; J. Hen
derson, treasurer Municipal League; Dan
iel Kelly, Mission Improvement Club; L.
A. Rea. North Beach Progressive Im
provement Club: Gustave.Schnee. presi
dent Sunnyside Club: C. K. Alpers, Hayea
Valley Club; If. A. Hagcns. secretary Mu
nicipal League." ; ..
The league has also adopted a resolution
advocating the cremation of the city's In
digent dead. ; ¦ , ;. ,- \
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE
WANTS BOND ELECTTO2T
: ,'lt . is ' to I cover ''ah' area of grond_ which
will extend 175 feet oh' both Market and
Stevenson streets and 170 feet on Fourth
street. The lower part will be used for
John W. Mackay will shortly begin the
xonstructlon of a magnificent store and
office building oa his 'property at the
southeast corner of Fourth andlMarket
streets. The building'- when " completed
will be ecual to any structure of its kind
in San Francisco. • " \ ?.*; \ '. .
The property where the building is to
be erected is. considered one of the choic
est pieces of realty, in this city. A real
estate broker In speaking of the matter
said the land^was a bargain at $800,000, and
retail stores, .while the upper part w!ll
be arranged for offices.. The definite plans
have not been decided upon by Mr. Mac
kay, but. it is. known that before he leaves
for the East he will- decide upon the de
sign he thinks the most suitable.^
The Mackay ¦ property at Fourth and
Market streets is valuable on account of
its location, being on one of the main ar
teries of the city. The tenants on -the
property are soon . to be given ' notice to
move. The old rookeries- will then be re
moved. Work will then be prosecuted
with vigor on the new building.
that with the sale of the Blythe property
and the erection of the new office build
ir.g by James L. Flood on the old Baldwin
site the Mackay property would be worth
fully a million dollars.
Before Leaving for r the East He Will Decide Upon Plans and Let Contracts
: , i for Structure to Be Built on Valuable Property.
. "I. learned to-day," said Mrs. Rivierre
"that the whole of my husband's duplicity
did not come out at first On his message
that I was dead my aunt sent him $150 to
pay- for shipping my body to Brooklyn
had a grave dug for me In Greenwood
Cemetery and- ordered mourning clothes
In order to allay their suspicions until he
could get away he explained the failure
to ship my body at once by ' sending to
my aunt a telegram signed with a physi
cian's name, saying that he himself was
ill - in the County Hospital with brain
fever." ¦
DENVER. April 13.-Mrs. G. Emile
Rivierre left on the 8 o'clock train to
night on the Denver and Rio Grande Rail
road, bound for San Francisco, to get her
little boy Rene. She dqesn't want her
husband and says she wflfdivorce Jiim.
"If on my arrival in San Francisco."
said Mrs. Rivierre to a Call representa
tive just before her departure, "my hus
band promises that he will sunport me I
will let him go and bring my oaby back
to Denver, wnere I intend to live. I un
derstand that the law provides a penalty
of fourteen years: imprisonment for the
offense he has committed. I'd like to have
him go to the penitentiary for a year or
two, but I- wouldn't send a dog to prison,
for fourteen years. I'll be uneasy all the
time he is at liberty, though for fear he
will try to steal my little Hene again I
shall never live with him and shau ge't a
divorce. I think too much of my chil
dren to let him be near them.
"The most wicked man alive loves
something, and he loves that boy He
never would hurt him, but Rene must not
be near his father. When I get my two
children together I will tuck them under
my: arms and never let them get out of
sight again as long as I live. I think mv
husband's mind is weak. The fact that
he swindled my aunt seems proof of this
v "At Rotterdam, Holland, he deserted me
four years ago because he did not have
money to pay our passage over and didn't
have courage to tell me. When he mar
ried me as Nellie Patterson in Brooklyn
In 1S94 he had fled from France to'escape
military service. He told me when he re
turned after deserting me in Holland that
the French authorities had arrested him
and. tried to force him into the army "
Mrs. Rivierre secured money by ' wire
from Mrs. Sarah Patterson, her rich aunt
of 33 Munroe place, Brooklyn, whom she
says her husband swindled. She took with
her Dolores, the little daughter, who kept
quiet for a dime when her father took thp
little boy away. ¦ ,
MRS. RIVTERRE COMING.
. The unwilling prisoner was given em
ployment a week ago by the New York
Mutual Life Insurance Company. _ As he
was without money and would not receive
his salary until next Wednesday, he was
forced to pawn his bicycle and valu
ables to secure funds with which to live
and pay for the board of his child. He
says that if his wife comes, to this city
he will give her battle. He does not in
tend giving up his boy without a strug
gle. He intends filing papers for a di
vorce as soon as he regains his liberty.
But for the fact that the courts were
closed yesterday he would have tried to
secure his release on a writ of habeas cor
pus. He will make this effort on Monday.
Birth of Reynold.
"Our little boy Reynold was' born in Sep
tember, 1898, and it was due to his pres
ence in the household that I did not sepa
rate from my wife. She continued.
In her devious ways, however, and
time and acain I decided to leave
her. Owing to her failing health we came
to Denver in January last. We set up
housekeeping and I spent a great deal of
money fitting up our dwelling. Her con
duct with a prominent business man of
Denver, became so bad. that I decided to
leave her for all time. A week ago I pre
pared for a hurried trip. She was under
the impression that I was going" to New
York to* testify in a damage case and in
my farewell letter I told her that I was
go'ing there. Instead, I took my son and
came directly to San Francisco. Read
ing an advertisement in one of the papers
that a Mrs. Lage at 10S>4 Fell street would
care for a child, I took the. boy there. I
gave the name of "Wall." which was my
mother's maiden name. I took* this course
to prevent my wife following me and se
curing possession of the boy." ' ' \
Rivierre claims that i he did not tele
graph East to his wife's relatives for
money. . He said the money used by him
to come West was paid to him with the
understanding that he would use it in*go
ing to ICew York to testify in an accident
case. He says he , did not Inform his
wife's relatives that she was dead. . He
simply meant that she :. was dead in his
affections.- g - _¦•.-•• '-;•¦¦-¦
"In 1886 I was in charge of a big station
ery store in Montclaire. While on a visit
to Brooklyn, N. Y., I met my wife and
after a short courtship we were married.
The ceremony was performed on March 9,
1896. When I married her I believed her
to be a good and pure woman. Imagine
my consternation when she came to me a
week after the ceremony and told me that
two years before she had been the victim
of an infamous plot, in which a drug was
used, and showed me a sixteen-months
old child, which.- she said, was hers. Be
lieving her story, I overlooked- the mat
ter and we took the child under our care.
The same year of our marriage I went on
a visit to France to see my parents and
while there was impressed Into military
service. After serving three months I
hurried to -America and upon my arrival
was given to understand ihat my wife's
parents believed I had deserted their
daughter. I disproved this assertion by
hunting her up. I found my wife living,
as she said, in a private family, and as I
was out of work, she remained there at
her own suggestion. Whenever I called
at the placer at which she was staying she
told me, the mistress of the house was out.
It then dawned upon me that my wife
was unfaithful and was leading a double
life. I discovered that she " had been
living with an architect named A.- L. For
rest and was not, as she claimed, living in
a private family. I decided to secure a
divorce,- but through bigness of heart. I
forgave here and we again lived together.
Story of His Marriage.
"It is with the deepest regret and shame
that I must tell the world of my unhaoor
married life. Since I have been charged
with offenses that I am innocent of I deem
it my right and duty to relate the facts.
show for him. His mother paid little at
tention to the boy and Reynold never
speaks of her.
JOHN W. MACKAY WILL ERECT COSTLY OFFICE
BUILDING AT FOURTH AND MARKET STREETS
mime was supposed to tell a tale of love
and war. ¦ It took four actors to play it — a
doting, tender -maiden, a ¦. noble hero, a
wicked lover and a seemingly strong
hearted warrior parent. There was much
trouble promised at" the outset,. but all
ended happily, like' in- an up-to-date
drama. '
. The ladies who had the affair In charge
are gratified with the liberal • patronage
that ¦was bestowed upon it. All the-booths
did a thriving business, and that, in con
junction with the large amount collected
at the "gate," made the affair a financial
as well as an artistic success,
j The. refreshment booth was in charge of
Mrs. Paul T. Goodloe, assisted by Miss
Jennie Hand. Miss Myla Llaly. Miss Ethel
Smith, Miss Beda- Sperry, Miss Ardella
Mills. Miss Elsie Wade, Miss Elsie Marsh
and Miss Emily Wade.
Mrs. Bradford Leavitt had charge of
the candy booth, assisted by Mlsa Jean,
McEwen, Miss Ida Gibbons, Miss Carol
Moore. Miss Elsie Cook and Miss Edith
Bunnell.
Mrs. Robert Collier had charge of tha
lemonade booth and was assisted by Mrs.
George Caswell. Miss Abbie Edwards and
Miss Marie Wilson.
When taken before Captain Seymour
Rivierre told a straip-ht story. He un
bosomed himself and in his own defense
gave reasons why ne carried his boy
away. He thought he had done no wronjj
and was surprised when informed that it
would be necessary to hold him until word
was received from Denver. Captain Sey
mour showed him the telegram sent by
Chief of Police Hamilton Armstrong' of
Denver and Rivierre accepted his fato
with fairly good grace. . .
"I have been a victim of an unfortunate
alliance," said Rivierre. "My wife led a
double life and time and again I forcrave
her her shortcomings. Patience ceased to
be a \irtue and I could stand it no longer.
My boy was my chief care and I deemed
it my duty as a father to look after his
future. His mother se«rned to care more
for a life of excitement and the little fel
low was badly neglected. When Irembved
my son from his home- in Denver a* week
ago I did not then and do not now think
I committed an offense against the law.
In my opinion it is not kidnaping for a
father to take possession of his child. The
boy is my flesh and blood and dearer to
me than anything else on earth. He loves
me witn far greater affection than I can
Taken Into Custody.
Detective Coleman was on the scene as
early as 9 o'clock, but lie found two rep
resentatives cf The Call already watch
ing He was informed that a half hour
before a driver of a Morton's special de
livery wagon had visited the olace and
asked for the belongings of "Mr. Wall."
the name by which Riv.erre was known to
Mrs. Lace. The landlady was in a quan
darv and appealed to her neighbors for
advice. In the end she refused to allo*r
the baggage to be taken from the house.
Coleman telephoned this information to
his superior officer and resumed his vigil
with the reporters. Detective Gibson then
went to Morton's special delivery office
and learned that a man giving his name
as "Roeder" had left an order for a
wagon to call at the Lae« home at 1
o'clock and to deliver the baggage at 741
Filbert street ar 5 o'clock. Gibson re
joined Coleman and they awaited the com
ing of Rivierre. At the r.oon hc-Tir he hove
in sight, walked in on the detectives and
in a startled tone asked:
"Well! what's all the trouble?
Rivierre was given.a joyful greeting by
his little boy, who hugged and caressed
him and called him "papa" and other en
dearing names. When Informed that he
was wanted by the police he reluctantly
consented to accompany the officers. As
he left the house the child's mournful
cries filled his ears and made the tempo
rary parting a sad one for him.
alleged kidnaper.
Detectives Keep Watch..
ARREST Rivierre and wire me.
Warrant will be issued at once."
In obedience to the foregoing
request of the Denver nolle© of
ficials Chief of Detectives Sey
mour yesterday ordered his men to bxing
in G. Emlle Rivicrre. the alleged kidnaper.
T.'hose presence in this city was made
kr.own to them through the columns of
The Call. Detectives Tom Gibson and
Coleman patiently waited for Rivierre to
ccme to the home of Mrs. Lage, 108*4 Fell
street, and when he arrived they took
him to police headquarters. Rivierre was
not formally charged, but will be kept in
custody until further information is ob
tained from Denver's Chief of Police.
The unwilling prisoner was greatly sur
prised when informed that he was
wanted by the police. Unfortunately
for him. he had not seen a, copy of
The Call and believed that he was safe.
When informed that lie was accused of
having kidnaped his child from its mother
and of committine other acts that were
illegal he consented to talk. He was
earnest in his defense. He told a Iopz
story to the arresting officers and to th9
Chief of Detectives and if credence can be
placed in what he savs he is innocent of
the charges made asrainst him.
Rivierre told a plausible story to his
detainers. He claims that his wife was
•unfit to care for his bov and knowing this
he had deliberately taken the little fellow
from beneath her roof and traveled to this
city. His expose was brought about oy
the innocent prattle of the boy. The chill
told Mrs. Lape, the motherly woman who
is caring for him. that his name was Rej
nold Rivierre. This statement, coupled
with the peculiar actions of the father,
aroused suspicion in her mind. Visions of
the Cudahy kidnaping case were recalled
to her and, believing tnat the child placed
tinder her roof was stolen, she hurried to
police headquarters and reported her sus
picions. The police procrastinated and It
devolved upon The Call to investigate the
case. The investigation was so completa
that when the detectives read their paper
yesterday morning all that remained for
them to do was to go to the residence
of Mrs Lage and wait the comine of the
GIVE BATTLE
TO FORCE OF
RAILWAY MEN
Pomona Citizens Pre
vent Seizure of ;
a Street.
Resist Southern ; Pacific's
Attempt to Checkmate
Clark Road.
Short Line 'and .Clark Company, Con
¦ .tinue THeir "Contest in - - 'p •--
- . .Utah/ .';: V • -;' ,-.,:, . r
SALT LAKE, 'April 13.— There is no ex
citing- news to-day from the end of the
Oregon Short Line.track. .The contest for
supremacy on; the grade is still being vig
orously kept up by both sides.
A new and "interesting phase of the legal
situation is that the Lincoln County Com
missioners now assert the right and title
to the grade, by virtue of : a tax sale in
1894, at which time,. it is claimed," all in
terest, title and right of the Oregon Short
Line and Utah Northern, • the road that
originally built the grade, was sold to the
county for delinquent taxes of 1893.. The
San' Pedro, Los Angeles . and Salt Lake
Company claims to hold an option on this
tax title. >' -
' A special meeting of the Board of Coun
ty Commissioners of Lincoln County has
been called for April 22,' at which time, it
is , expected,' one. or the other of the com
panies will procure , the' title of the
county, whatever it may be. : Officials of
the San .Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Company, say they, h,ave : fifty men" and
teams 'at work, i They are taking posses
sion/of the grade at different places and
express a determination j to _'. hold every
Available point. ' .
GRADERS ; ARE i KEEPING . BTJSY.
. POMONA, April 13.— This has been a day
of rioting and wild disorder In Pomona.
From sun-u'p until late into the night the
citizens of»the town have battled with a
force of Southern Pacific workmen, who
attempted to seize a street and construct a
railroad upon It. Heads have been cracked
In the repeated affrays, and the more con
servative element of the town was to
night congratulating itself upon the fact
that the disorders had not resulted In loss
of life. That dire result may -.-.follow
should the Southern Pacific persist in its
plan to seize the street. Every available
man. in Pomona assisted to-day in the at
tempt to . checkmate the t pirates of the
railroad, and when blows failed the fire
department turned out and. with a few
well-directed streams' from 'its hose gave
the Mexicans constituting the railroad
force i an argument that .they, could not
withstand. Thus -the day. was won for
Pomona, ¦ and/ incidentally,- for the com
peting Clark line. . " • ' " :
Southern Pacific's Plot.
The route chosen by the proposed Los
Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company
through Pomona is along First street. Cit
izens have . been enthusiastic over the
competing road, and next Monday morn
ing the City Council will grant a franchise
for the use of the street by the Salt Lake
line. First street is flanked at points on
the north by the property of the main line
of the Southern Pacific Railroad. While
the Salt Lake Railroad Company and Po
mona land owners have. planned together,
the Southern Pacific : .ha» . schemed ':.'to
checkmate "compefition^it was thefirst.
act ill tRe plot that cameroff to-day? yff-*"
"' At dawn this mornlnp a 1 - Southern Pa-~
ciflc worktrain; laden with-Mexican'track
men and rails and ties, steamed into town.
When Pomona rawqke the. Southern Pa
cific had a freshly inade,spur laid acrosa
its property and.headeddown First street,
on which the Salt Lake company has been
promised a franchise. • -i . -
The news that the Southern Pacific was
seeking to monopolize First street with a
track to defeat- the new railroad quickly
spread over the town end hundreds of ox
cited men and boys crowded ' about the
new track.; The City Surveyor hastily.es
tablished the boundary line between th £ j
city property and that, of the Southern
Pacific. - The laborers were -warned not
to lay track upon city land:
Fire Department Called Out
Ignoring the warning the railroad crew
proceeded with its work. Ties and rails
were quickly laid across property lines.
Scores of citizens beat the workmen bacK
and tore up the rails and ties and threw
them in heaps. The Mexicans rushed.for
ward to force progress on the street line.
: Then the fire alarm bell rang, - : and in
a trice the Volunteer Fire Department
dashed to the scene with water from a
fire hose, and the Mexicans were forced
to desist in the work across the street
boundary. '..-"¦
The work train started eastward and
the laborers were deposited near Ellen
street, when track-laying operations
toward the First street line were begun.
When the workmen laid' track across the
boundary the angry crowd of citizens beat
them, struck them, tore up the rails and
ties, amid yells of derision and catcalls,
while the firemen once . more brought
their hose into effect.. Special, city dep
uty marshals arrest'u squads of Mexicans
for trespassing > and blockading the pub
lic thoroughfare.
Early this afternoon another train, of
several hundred more laborers' came from
Los Angeles and track-laying was 're
sumed.- Suddenly it ceased, as.a crowd of.
excited citizens had assumed a threaten
ing attitude. Then the .new track was
torn. up .by the citizens* arid the steel and
wood piled up.. .¦ '.- ¦..'.'.....""._-' , .
Armed Men on Guard. . .,
There : are to-night more.. than thirty,
armed men j watching 'the scene of the
track-laying. ¦ - It-, is suspected 'that the
Southern Pacific people will attempt to
bring hvlOOO laborers, and have its' track
laid along First street before/court meets
on Monday or before Pomona citizens can
bccalled out to defeat the project: It is
arranged by the. citizens that at the first
sign- of such 'a- move an alarm- shall- be
given by. the' watchers and the entire male'
population ' will j-ush . out to 'Yepel In-,
vaders." . . s >*?s -••:. ; •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Firemen Turn Their Hose on Mexican
Laborers When Other Methods
of Attack Fail.
Pages 23 to 32 1
-APPOINTED CHINESE INTERPRETER.—
.VDoc" - Carl ton Rickards-haa been appointed
interpreter of Chinese for tha Chinese Bureau.OAKLAND High School triumphed
In the field day of the Academic
Athletic L«eagne on the Univer
sity of California cinder path yea
tenlay afternoon. Its doughty
athletes scored 41 points, Ukiah High
School following in second place wltli 27
points and Berkeley High School coming
third with 20 points.
Two league records were broken. West
dahl, the game little distance runner of
the Oakland High School, clipped 3 2-5
seconds off tho time for the mile, running
It In 4:52 2-5. Weller ran the low hurdles
in 27 1-5 seconds, 2-5 of a second below the
record. Turpln of Lowell High equaled, tha
record In the 100-yard dash, 10 8-6 seconds.
Chaplin of the Berkeley High did a feet
9% Inches in the running broad Jump. It
was a remarkable performance for a High
School lad and nearly . touched the
academic record of the great Hanley— a
feet 10 Inches.
"Weller, a large, muscular youth from
Ukiah, carried off a goodly portion of in
dividual honors. Besides breaking' the
TOLEDO, Ohio, April 13.— George H.
Ketcham of thi3 city has succeeded In get
ting another match race for his champion
Will Meet at Brighton in September
for Big Purse and Side
Bet
CHESCEiUS IS HATCHED
TO RACE THE ABBOTT
THE Great Trial stakes, the richest
plum of the entire California rac
ing season, with a gross valuation
of $5375 attached, was captured by
Barney Schrelber's brown colt
Corrigan at Tanforan track yesterday. It
was a meritorious performance, for he
shouldered 125 pounds, and in the face of
an amateur gale came home before his
field, tripping off : the five furlongs In
1:00%'. Dominick again wore the Schreiber
colors, riding with his accustomed skill
and good Judgment.
"•'¦'. Corrigan'8 Win of tho Stake. '
It was a prize worth trying for, and
fourteen baby racers faced the barrier.
The betting favored the Jennings entries.
Sister Jeanie and Prestano, .which closed
at 5 to 2. Next came Corrigan and Bruns
wick, each quoted at 5 to 1. Long prices
were laid against the others. Brunswick,
with a sore mouth, acted crotchety and
cranky over at the post, and finally by
his demoniacal behavior • practically
spoiled an otherwise nice start. Just sfter
Holtman had released the barrier Bruns
wick reared up in the air on his hind legs,
and in falling alighted, on Phyllis, throw
ing that fllly and interfering with two or
three of the others. Henry Shields then
pulled up the apparently crazed young
ster. For a time Nash Turner on Sister
Jeanie led the way, her reign lasting to
the stretch. Then Dominick, astride Cor
rigan, forged ahead, and with the others
all whipping looked to have an easy thing
of It. Nearing the wire, Flora Pomona
under Mounce's hard urging closed
strong and Dominick on •Corrigan was
brought to a drive, winning, all out, by a
scant half length. Pat Dunne's J. V.
Kirby fought it out gamely, finishing
third, while Sister Jeanie saved her en
trance.
Kenilworth All Out Again.
Almost as .much, if not more, interest
was displayed by the bip crowd present
over "the special," at six furlongs, with
Kenilworth and Articulate the only two
contenders. Each carried 117 pounds, and
the exceedingly liberal price of 7 to 10
could be had about Stover's "bird," with
13 to 10 against Articuiate. Dominick on
the latter out juggled Turner, getting
away two lengths in front. Kenilworth
simply blew along with the wind, and
passing the St. Andrew colt when a quar
ter had j b^en covered it looked over.
There, as! in his, previous races, Kenil
worth seemed to hang, and in a hard
drive, -apparently, got the verdict by a
short head only in 1:13%.
' Four other events were run off, all be
ing below mediocrity. Favorite players
had another squally session of It, as Satin
Coat and Kenilworth were the. only two
paying any returns.
:No pronounced choice was chalked up
in the betting en the opening five-furlong
scramble. After.Vantine, Glissando and
Tizona had raced themselves almost to a
standstill Gisborn brought Saintly up with
a rush, downing Tizona a head. Nullah
ran unplaced.
Almost to a man the smart onea banked
on Spike to annex the mile and a six
teenth purse, and Precursor rolled in
first. I Dominick rode the winner and had
the race in hand from the jump. Maydine,
a. 15 to 1 shot, led out Spike for the place.
.An upset marked the steeplechase event.
Hueston on the 15 to 1 shot Charles Le
Bel took the first event in front arid was
, never headed. Viking, a well backed one,
came in second, five lengths in advance of
Lord Chesterfield, which, with Periwig,
enjoyed the honors of favoritism."
; fHughes & Elliott, the Texas owners,
'captured the closing mile selling affnlr
.with Satin-Coat. The brown colt ruled art
even money chance and won easily trozn
Thornwild and Fondo.
Track Notes.
The judges decided to refuse the entry
of Brunswick in future.
Steeplechase Rider3 McMahon and Me-
Kenna were told by the officials to accept
no more mounts at Tanforan.
Gisborn formerly rode, for "Father
Bill' Daly on the Eastern tracks.
Since entering the pony class Nullah
seems to have lost her tpeed.
Spike was.one of the hottest things tho
talent ever tried to drive. ' . "
.Ransch is a trifle timid when mixed In
with a big bunch of two-year-olds. Do
reen showed to be a filly of some class by
her performance after getting away so
poorly.-
No doubt Kenilworth would have beat
en Articulate a head had the race been
at four miles. •• ,
James T..Finlen, vice president of tha
Montana Jockey Club, was an interested
spectator of the racing. Mr. Finlen grows
enthusiastic when speaking of the com
ing Montana racing season, saying It will
be the greatest in* the history of that
State. -. - ¦ ¦
NVw California Jockey Club.
Articles of incorporation of the New
California Jockey Club, which will hence
forth control Ingleside ard Tanforan race
tracks, were filed yesterday. The direct
ors are: Thomas H. Williams Jr., M. A.
Gunst, C. E. Paxton, Adam Andrew anrl
George Gale. The capital stock is $1,000.
000, of which $500 has been subscribed,
each of the directors named being down
for $100.
By F. E. Mulholland.
220-yard dash: First heat— Wilcoxi O. H. S..
first; Phoelman, Petaluma H. S.,- second.
Time. 24 1-5. Second heat — Hay ward, S. J.' H.
S., first; Healey, Petaluma H.S., second; time,
25. Third heat— Adams, P. H. S.. first. Final—
Wilcox, O. H. S.. first; Hayward. S. J. H. 6.,
second; Phoelman, Petaluma H. S., third;
time, 23H
220-yard hurdle: First heat— Weller, U. H.
S., first; Hartley, B. H. S./ second; time, 27 1-5.
880-yard run— Healy, Petaluroa H. 8., first;
Westdahl, O. H. S., second; Ferem, P. H. S.,
third... Time, 2:08. 'j& ... ... ._
120-yard hurdle: First heat— "Weller, U. H:
S., 1 first; Kehrleln, L>. H. S., second;- time,
17 3-5. Second heat— Chaplin, B. H. S., first;
Thomas, U. H. S., second; time, 17 4-5. . Final—
Weller.- U. H. S.. first: Chaplin, L. H. S.,
second; Thomas. U. H. S., third. Time, 17.
440-yard dash— La Valliere, O. H. S., first;
Howard. O. H. S., second; Wyckoff, U."H. S.,
third. Time, 53. ,= - '- : -;.
100-yard dash: First heat— La'- Valllero, O.
H. S., first; Hill, S. J. H. S.; second; time.
10 4-5. Second heat— Turjtin, : L. H. S.', first;
Howe, S. R. H. S.. second; time, 10 3-5. Third
heat — Wilcox, O. H. S., first; Phoelman. Peta
luma H. S., second; time, 10 4-5.: Final — Tur
pln, L.. H. S., first: La. Valliere, O. H. S.,
second; Wilcox, O. H. S., third. .- Time, 10 S-5.
100-yard dash. Junior — Lang, Crocker, first:
Norton, Pacific Heights, second. Time, 114-5.
¦ Following are the records of the' field
day: .
The Winners and Records.
The record of points won was as fol
lows: Oakland High, 41; Ukiah High, 27;
Berkeley High, 20; Lowell High, 8; Boone's
Academy, 8; Petaluma High, 7; Healds
burg High, 6; San Rafael High. 5; San
Jose High, 3; Polytechnic High, 1. v
Lake.
The weather was pleasant ana the wind
strong from the west at Stow Lake yes
terday, when the flycasters of the San
Francisco Club gathered for their Satur
day competition. The result is told in the
following-:
riiYCASTERS COMPETE
IN A STRONG WIND
Sesnlts of Day's Work by Enthusi
asts Who Gather at Stow
record in the low hurdles, he took first In
the high hurdles.
Hcaley of the Petaluma High School ran
a good, heady race in the half-mile and
won easily in 2:0S.
Mile Hun a Pretty Hace.
The mile run was the prettiest race of
the day. Westdahl and Clough of Oakland
High and Weller of Ukiah came down the
stretch together on very equal terms.
Clough led, with Weller second and West
dahl third. "Midget" Westdaiil had more
sprint left in him. however, and he forged
ahead in the last five yards and breasted
the tape first. The Oakland' boys yelled
themselves hoarse and when "Rex"
Womble, who manipulated the mega
phone, announced . the record-breaking
time, they redoubled their demonstration.
The relay race was as usual Intensely
exciting. Berkeley High had a good
chance to win, as on the last relay Nel
pon. Its best runner, was close behind the
leader, . Whitman of Oakland High. On
the back stretch he stumbled and fell,
and, when he recovered, second place was
the best he could get. Hughes, Clough,
Norton, Sheehan, • Howard and Whitman
composed Oakland's winning team in that
event.
ITkiah High School was crippled by the
loss of Thomson and Patton, both of
whom were taken ill Friday and were un
able to compete.
The contests were" witnessed by 1500 peo
ple. Including large delegations from, the
schools represented. The St. Matthew's
School Band furnished music.
A FEW OF THE POINT WTNNEES IN THE FOURTEENTH SEMI-ANNUAL FIEUD DAT OF THE ACADEMIC
ATHLETIC LEAGUE HELD ON THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA CINI>BR PATH. AND SOME OF THE
SPECTATORS WHO CHEERED THEM ON TO VICTORY.
The handsome trophy for victory In th<j
series of matches between the Oakland
and San Francisco Golf clubs will remain ;
as a permanent adornment of the Presidio
clubhouse. The second 36-hole home and
home match ended yesterday in a victory
for the San Francisco team. 10 up, the city
men having scored 22 up on Saturday,
April 6, at the Presidio links and being 12
down yesterday. Of the six representa
tives of the Presidio Club two scored
against their opponents and one tied, but
the three last men In the San Francisco
team lost fifteen holes, the Oaklanders be
ing thus 12 up. The Oakland course is al
ready pretty hard and fast and the putting
greens are of varying speed. On the first
round the teams tied, but on the second
nine holes the Oaklanders did much bet
ter, as the general result of- .the after
noon's play shows. The score follows: t
San Francisco— ,, Up. Oakland— . -Up.
John Lawson... 2 E. R. Folger 0
B. D. Adamson 1 W. P. Johnson 0
S. I-. Abbot Jr • C. P. Hubbard "
JT. W. Byrne 0 Arthur Goodall 4
L. O. Kellogrg 0 R. M. Fitzgerald S
Warren Gregory 0 P. S. Stratton 8
ToUl 3 Total 15
•Tie. «¦ ¦ . _¦_ - '
The stroke-play scores were as follows:
Johnson (S. F.) 39, 44; E. R. FolgerKX).
45, 49; B. D. Adamson (S. F.) 43, 65; W. P.
Johnson (O.) 49. 49: S. L. Abbot Jr. (9. F.)
45, 49; C. P. Hubbard (O.) 48. 55; J. W.
Byrne (S. F.) 46, 52; Arthur Goodall (O.)
41. 51; L. O. Kellogg (S. F.) 51. 54; R. M.
Fitzgerald (O.) 48, 54; Warren Gregory
(S. F.) 50, 53: F. S. Stralton (O.) 43. 46.
The only round below 40 was John Law
son's first, in 89, which is only 1 above
bogey. Most of the players i got into
trouble at the ninth hole, the course be
ing narrow and the gias« on elthwr side
long and thick, while the wind tended to
carry balls -to the left.
tempt to Pull Down the Lead
of Visitors.
Oakland Golfers Make Gallant At-
1*334 TEHCLTTB TROPHY
WON BY CITY TEAM
THREE TEARS FOR NICOIjOSI.— Angrelo
Nloolosl - Tras sentenced yesterday by United
6tates District Judge de Haven to three years
Imprisonment in the San Quentin penitentiary
and to Day a fine of $100. He • had pleaded
ruilty of p&ssinc counterfeit dollars upon un
•ujspectlnc .merchants of Bwto Roea,
RICHMOND, Va., April 13.— Harvard
defeated the University of Virginia at
Charlottesville' to-day' In a very pretty
ball game. It was a pitchers' battle, Har
vard getting the best of It. Score: Har
vard 8, University of Virginia 5. ~ > ¦ -
I PHILADELPHIA, April 13.—Philadel
phia, National' League, 7; Toronto, East
ern League," 4. - -'¦¦¦" • "/'•—..*
NEW HAVEN, Conn., April 13.— The
Yale . nine defeated Wesleyan : University
to-day— 6 to 0. . ¦¦-»• •• -¦•-.¦
College Baseball.
ST. . IGNATIUS BEATS
SANTA C1AHA TEAM
lasers Unable to Connect With Wil
liams' Delivery at Any Stage
of th.e Game.
By «. score of 9 to 0 the St. Ignatius ag
gregation of star ball tossers shut out the
Santa Claras yesterday afternoon at the
Sixteenth and Folsom street grounds. The
defeat of the losing team maybe attribu
ted to their inability to connect with the
epeedy curves of Williams, the pitcher of
the St. Ignatius. Besides being effective
at every sta*:e of the same he struck out
ten of his opponents and allowed but a
single hit. 'The two colleges have long
been rivals on the diamond, and the de
cisiveness of the victory rendered the St.
Ignatius team very jubilant, f
. 220-yard "daeh— Downing first, Braun • second,
Anderson third. . - . - . ; . - • ¦
i Mile - run— Hunter first, S Leonard second.
Grant third. -Time, 5:56. - - ¦ ' V - .
Broad jump — Woodhams, 18 t eet - 10 Inches;
Patterson. 17 feet 9 Inches. - ' - . '•/-,¦
; Relay —^Won by juniors. .. •_ .
SAN JOSE, April 13.— The Santa Clara
High School held its annual field day at
Cyclers' Park in this city to-day. Follow
ing is the outcome of the various events:
100-yard dash,* grades— Morrison ; first, Bray
second, Hatton third. • ' • : ,
100-yard dash, high Bchool— Woodhama first,
MacSwaln second, Braun third. . - ¦ '
' 100-yard dash— Downing first, Woodhama sec
ond. Roil third.
Hammer throw— Butterfleld 88 feet, Sperry
S6 feet. • : . • • .: :•/ ¦
120-yard hurdle— Woodhama. :18; Patterson,
:20; Roll. :2L ' -
High Jump— MacSwaln and Woodhams tied,
for first place.
880-yard run— Hay first," Leonard second; Rust
third. Time/ 2:39.. ,
Mile walk— Berry first, Butterfleld second,
Sontheimer third. ¦¦¦ • . • . ¦ ¦¦ - -¦¦¦•¦
¦ Pole vault — Titus first, MacSwain ¦ second,
Sperry third. ." ~ .:;
• Shotpiit— Downing 'first,' Butterfleld second,
Patterson third. Distance, 88 feet 9 inches. .
220-yard hurdle— Woodhams, :28; Patterson.
SAWTA CLARA HIGH
SCHOOL Vim T> DAT
To-day the opening cruise of the season
will be taken, beginning at* 10:30 a, m.,
under signal from the sloop Thelma, Com
modore S. S. Marshall's flagship. If the
wind is light the yachts will be towed out
of the creek, on getting out of which they
will stand over to the city front, thence
out toward Fort Point, across to . Sausa
lito. saluting the- San j Francisco Yacht
Club, thence to -Tiburon Cove, saluting
the Corinthian Yacht .'Club, and- thence
through Raccoon Straits and to the north
of Angel Island back to the anchorage. >g -
Oakland Creek presented a gay appear.
ance yesterday near the quarters of th©
California Yacht Club as the fleet lay at
anchor with every available flag flutter-
Ing in the breeze. At sundown the signal
gun was fired and the bunting hauled
down. Early in the evening. the members
began to gather, until at about 8:30 every
available chair in the clubhouse was In
service. The jinks began with an overture
by the California Yacht Club band, after
which the following programme was ren
dered:- Bass solo by J. W. Brown, coon
song by J." Heaney, monologue in ragtime
by Rollln C. Ayres, selections by the Edna
quartet, consisting of E. F. Sagar, Frank
AV. Thompson, W. C. Howe > and E. J.
Angelo; a duet on mandolin by Charles J.
Youngberg and guitar . ', by Charles W.
Neal, selections by the California Yacht
Club band, solo by Frank W. Thompson,
selections by the Elks quartet, consisting
of A. G. Cliff, J. C. Hart, C. L. Learn and
F. H. Ayers, and a fencing contest be
tween. Richard Chapman and Jules Lesla
bay.. At this point the members ad
journed to the upper room of the club
house, where . a bountiful meal . awaited
them. After supper there followed a se
lection by the Aioha string band and a re
cessional by the Calif ornia - Yacht Club
band. -.;.-; ¦ <
The entertainment was prepared by E.
K. Walter, Guy C. Smith, Charles Young
berg, R. A. Meserole and G. L. Wakeman.
J. J. Hanlfin Jr., H. L. Martin,. E. Bou
quet and Charles E. Clark made up the
reception committee; E.^N; Walter and
G. L. Wakeman looked after the catering,
and Chester A. Danly had charge of the
boats which plied betw.een the- landing
steps and the clubhouse. ¦- .
of tho New Century on
the Bay.
California Fleet to Take First Cruise
YACHTSMEN OPEN' THE !
SEASON WITH JINKS
The officials were as follows: Committee
in charge— George Elliott, chairman; J.
Gendotti, F. L-. Turpin;^ referee, W. G.
Harrison, O. A. C; starter, B. Walsh. C;
judges of the finish— W. . Powell, C; C. A;
Cantwell, S.; E. Hussey, C; timers— O. S.
Thompson. O. A. C; F. Koch, Fred Wolf;
-U.-of I.; field judges— A. B. Stewart, S.;
R. Woolsey, C; R. Service, C. ; Inspec
tors—W. A. E. Woods, C: a. Cadogan, C:
J. McCarear, Powers, C. ; measurers— S.
Asblll, C.;,W. Ldgda, C; Van Duzer, TJ.
of Pa.;- clerk of course, ' F. Titus, C;
assistants— Cheek, C. ; Moulder, C. ; mar
shal, F. M. Cattell, : C. ; assistants — C.
Cook, L>. Levensaler; '• announcer, L. A,
Womble; scorer, W. L. Potts.
I Second heat— Boettinger, B. H. • S., first: San
born, E. R.-H. S., second; time, 28 4-5. Final—
Weller, U. H. 8., first; Boettinger. B. H. S.,
second; time, 27 1-5. ¦ ¦ '
One-mile run— Westdahl, O. H. S.. first;
Clough. O. H. S., second; Weller, U. H. S.,
third. Time, 4:52 2-6.
i One mile relay— Oakland High School first,
Berkeley High School second; Boone's Univer
sity Academy third. Time, 3:27. - .
Pole vault— Bell, Healdsburg H. S., first;
Sanborn. S. R. H. S., second: Bowles, Peta-
IumaH. S., third.. Height. 9 fee-t $V4 inches.
Running high Jump— Seawell. U. H. *S.. first;
Hlckel, B. H. S..> second; Bell, H.' H. S.,
third. ; Heiffht. : 5 feet 6 inches.
12-pound hammer- throw— Brown, -U. H. S.,
first: Weller, U.-H. S., second: Sanborn, S. R.
H. S.. third. Distance, 134 feet 4 inches.
•Running broad Jump— Chaplin, , B; H. s.,
first: Vosburg.L: H. S., second; Brown, U. H.
S., third. Distance, 21 feet 9M, Inches.
12-pound shot put— Coombs, B. ,U.' A... first;
Hinds, O. H. S., second; Briggs, B. U. A.,
.third.. Distance, 45 feet 8 inches^
Runs responsible for — Russell 5. Home run—
Hanlon. Three-base hit— Doyle. . Two-base hit
—Strelb. Sacrifice hit— Sheehan. First base on
errors— Sacramento 3, Oakland 2. First base
on balls— Off Doyle 4, off Russell 5. Left on
bases— Sacramento 11. Oakland 4. Struck out—
By Doyle 4, by Russell 3. Hit by pitcher-
Held. Double plays— Sheehan to Courtney to
Hanlon- Francks to Streib. Passed ball—Loh
man. Balk— Doyle. Time ¦ of game— 2 hours.
Umplre^Donahue. Scorer— Rutherford.
SUMMARY.
Totals S7\ 5 10 2 27 10 4
' OAKLAND.
" . . . AB. R. BH. SB. PO.-A. B.
Drennan, o. f 4 0 10 4 0 0
Francks, 8. 8 4 0 0 0 1 3 0
Arrellanes, 2b 5 0 0 0 2 8 0
Strelb. lb ...4 0 2 0 11 0 0
Moore, r.f.'... ..:.... 4' 0 0 0 2 0 0
Held, 1. f 3 0 0 0 0 10
Babbitt, 3b 4 1 1 1111
Lohman, o SO 2 0 5 0 0
Russell, p 3 .01 0 0 42
Totals .......34 1 7 1»26 12 8
•Stanley out for Interfering with batted ball.
RUNS AND HITS BY, INNINGS.
Sacramento ............ 2 0 2 0 O'l^O 0 0—5
Base hits. 2 13 10 2 0 0 1—10
Oakland 0 0 0100000—1
Base hits ....'.. 1 1 0 110 1 1 1—7
• AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Devereaux, s. a 1 1 0 1 2 1.0
McGucken, c. t 5 1 1.0 4 0.0
Courtney, 2b 4 1 11 4 4 0
Hanlon, lb B 1. 2 0 8 1 1
McLaughlin, 1. f.... 5 0 1 0.2 10
Doyle, p 6 13 0 111
Sheehan, 3b. 4 0 0 0 12 1
Stanley, c 4 0 10 5 0 1
Stricklett, r. f....... 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
SACRAMENTO.
Dudes . Could Not Do Much With
«." , Doyle's Delivery. '
SACRAMENTO, April • 13.— Sacramento
found Russell for ten hits to-day, while
Doyle never allowed more than one hit
to an Inning 1 . The attendance was fair
and' the grame snappy and interesting
throughout. Score:
Runs responsible • for— Iburgr 6. Johnson 6.
Two-base hits— Krugr. Reilly. Sacrifice hits-
Jones, Pabst, . Bowman, ¦ Johnson. First base
on errors— San Francisc'o 1, Los Angeles 5.
First base on called balls— San Francisco 8,
Los Angeles 6. Left on bases— San Francisco
13, Los Angeles 6. Struck out— By • Jones 2,
by Johneon 2. Hit by pitcher— Holland, Iburgr,
Krugr. Doubfe plays— Householder to Spies,
Kelly to Brockhoff to Hutchinson. Wild pitch-
Johnson. Time of game— One hour and iifty
minutes. Umpire— O 1 Connell. Official scorer—
McFarlin.
SACRAMENTO WINS.
SUMMARY.
0 27 12 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 01032000—6
Base hits 0 10 18 3 11 0—10
Los Angeles 10 7 0 0 0 0 0 •— 8
Base hits 1 0601010*— 9
.........33
» i..f; -..•-, AB.-R. BH. SB. PO: A. E.
Brockhoff, 2T) ..3 2 0 0 1 3 0
Hutchinson, lb ...:.A ¦¦ 1 1 0 8 1 0
Householder, cf .... 5 1 1 0 6 1 1
Spies, c ............. 4 1 1 ' 0 7 0-0
Reilly, 3b ...........'5' 110 0 2 0
Kelly, ss 4 1 10 2 3 <0
Swindells, rf .....V.:*4 13 0 1 0 0
Bowman, If .... — 8 0 1 0 12 0
Johnson, p 10 0 0 1 0 0
Jones, p 0 .0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals .34 6 10 1 : 24 . 18 7
LOS ANGELES. V
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand, cf .. 4 2 1 0 111
Schwartz, rf 4 2-2 1 1 0 0
Krugr.' 2b 3 0 10 4 3 2
Holland, If 3 1 3 0 6 1 1
Pabst, lb .3 0 1 0 10 0 0
Graham, o c 5 0 0 0 2.1 0
Nordyke, 3b 5 0 0 0 0 2 2
Reilly, bs 4 1 2 0 0 5 1
Iburg, p 3 0 0 0 0 5 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
This is how Jburg did not distinguish
himself. Brockhoff, Hutchlnson and
Householder were decorating the three
bags when Spies came to the plate. Some
one in the stand who wasn't wise said
that here was the place where Iburg
would settle, and woe to Spies. Spies saun
tered on four bad ones and Brockhoff
strolled home. Then Reilly hit to left,
Hutchinson and Householder crossing the
rubber, only to be followed by some poor
infleld work of Iburg, which placed Kelly
safe on first. A hit by Swindells' scored
Spies and Reilly, and the same kind of
stick work by Bowman scored Kelly an«
Swindells. After that the local team
played something that was like baseball
and <the Angels were put to rest.
The damage had been done, and all the
redemption ever, measured was insufficient
to make up for what was lost. Iburg al
lowed but three other hits outside the
eventful and disastrous inning. With Mr.
Pabst he shared the signal mistakes ot
the day. Pabst seems to be suffering from
torsal rigidity. If a ball is not placed in
his hands he falls to stop it. and his bat
ting,'his erstwhile strong point, fell 100
points in the game yesterday.
The local team had an opportunity or
piling up a few runs in the second. and
the fifth, and it rested with Pabst to do
the trick. He failed in the early inning,
but partially redeemed himself later by a
timely hit to right which brought in two
runs. In the second Inning, with two men
cremated and the bags filled, Mr. Pabst
did this much for his country— he struck
out. The fifth gave the Wasps $t fair
showing on the blackboard. Hildebrand,
Schwartz and Holland were on the bags.
Then the Brewer hit, scoring Hildebrand
and Schwartz. Holland scored later on
Graham's out.
The sixth was of a strong local coloring.
Krug found his eye for a good double,
Schwartz was there for a single and Hol
land for the same. Two runs was the re
sult. In the eighth the Wasps had a
chance to tie the score, but did not. Krug,
Holland and Pabst were on the bases. and
Graham was at the bat. Two men 'had
come and gone. Graham did likewise, cut
ting the air three separate times. ¦¦¦
Krug and Graham performed In a base
throwing act that caught the crowd, and
Holland did some good work in the field
and at the bat. Oscar Jones relieved
"Youngey" Johnson in the seventh. The
score: !
San Francisco 6, Los Angeles 8.
, Iburg hit the blue sky in the third in
ning yesterday afternoon at Recreation
Grounds, and when the • . Orangemen
dragged him to earth he had the extreme
pleasure of hearing the bell ring seven
times. Six hits off the arch curver of the
league and ragged local support were re
sponsible for the seven runs..-'
Errors and Poor Twirling Were Re
sponsible for a 3>efeat Which. ,
Does Little Credit to .
Local Team.
Los Angeles Wins the Third
Game in a Single ' ¦
Inning.
BUNCH THE HITS
ON PITCHER IBURG
CO RRIGAN IS FI RST IN
RICH GREAT TRIAL STAKE
STURDY ACADEMIC LEAGUE
ATHLETES BREAK RECORDS
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
TANPOaAN 1 PAItK— Saturday, April 13,
« 190L— Weather fine. Track fast.
2200. FIRST RACE— Flvo furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse. ! J400.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. Sr_ %- Str. Fin.
2211 Saintly, 5, lU...Gisborn 8 Si 5 1 1 h
2206 Tlzona. 4, 108....Mounca 2 5h 3(4 2 1
2277 Glissando, 4, 108.. Conley 4 2 h 2 V» 3 n
(2158)Vantine. 4, 106.. Murphy 3 1 Vi 1 h 4 1
2197 Nullah, . 4. 106..Burigme 5 4 1 4 h 5 5
*217 Strauss. 4, 10S..Ransch 9 7 1 8 6 2
2168 Aluminum, 6, 111... Dom 1 6 1 6 1 7 2
2218 Decoy, 4, 108..Bassinger 6 9 1 9 ¦ 8 3
222« Benedict. 4, 108...HafleylO 10 10 9 1
(2194)A. Garter, 4. 106.Thorpe 7 3 n 7 H 10
TIme-44. :12U; %. :23H; %. :35?i: H. 1:01%.
Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner, G. W. Cushing's b. g. by
Imp. Mldlothian-Angelique. Saintly the best.
Vantlne not game. Nullah ridden the over
land route. Miko Strauss no chance. Decoy
cut oft early. Tha Benedict sore. Alary' a
Garter gave it up. Scratched— Buck Taylor
108. Pilot 108.
Betting— Saintly, 6; Tizona, 7; GUssando, 15;
Vantine, 4; Nullah 5: Mike Strauss, 4; Alum
inum, 20; Decoy, 6; The Benedict, 15; Alary's
Garter, 10.
2291. SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth
miles; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
2233 Precursor. 4, 115... Dom 3 3 n 14 IS
22S2 Maydine. 4. 106.. Howell 6 2 1 2 3 2 3
2193 Spike, 4, 108 Mounce 5 5 1 S 2 3 1.
2016 Hohenlohe, 6, 115. Thorpe 4 7 4 4 4 5
2166 Josephine B, 5. HO.Gisbn 7 6 1 5 V, 5 2
2277 Nilgar. 5, 112 Hafley 3 In 6 4 6 6
2274 Moringa. 6, 112..Ransch 14 3 7 7
2274 Alicia, a, 110 Russell*
Time— 1-16. :07; H. :24%; H. :50U: %. 1:1514;
m, 1:43; 1 l-16m,* 1:50. Good start except Ali
cia. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, Carruthers & Shields' br. h. by
Prince of Monaco-Promenade. Precursor out
classed his company. Too much weight on
Spike. Josephine B no speed. Nllgar gave it
up. Alicia wheeled as barrier went up.
Scratched— Jlrh McCleevy 115. 'Left.
Betting— Precursor, 2; Maydine, 15; Spike,
8-5; Hohenlohe. 20; Josephine B. 7; Nllgar. 20;
Moringa, 25; Alicia, 20.
2292. THIRD RACE— About - two miles;
Steeplechase handicap; four-year-olds and up;
purse, $450. -
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. WJ. LJ. Fin.
2250 C. le Bel. 6. 130.Hueston 3 1H 1 % 18
(1124) Viking, a. 135..Worthgtn 12 3 2 4 2 6
2257 Chesterfld. a, 120. Young 6 4 4 4 5 3 2
2257 Periwig, a, 155.... Peters 4 3 2 »% 4 6
2257 M. Boy, 6, ISO.McKenna 2 6 60 5 7a 5 100
2257 Mestor. a. 130..McMahon 5 6 30 6 40 8 50
2136 Calif ornian, a, 127.Jhnsn 7 7 7 7
Time— 3:56%. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, J. D. Fitzgerald's b. g. by
St. Carlo-imp. Maiden Belle. Winner ridden
to best advantage. Viking did his best. Pos
sibly Chesterfield did. Too much weight on
Periwig.
Betting— Charles le Bel, 12: Viking, 9-2; Lord
Chesterfield, 5-2; Periwig. 5-2; May Boy, 8;
Mestor. 15; The Callfornlan. 80.
2203. FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs: Great
Trial Stakes; two-year-olds; value. $5373.
Ir.dex. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2235)Corrlgan. 123. . .Dominick 6 4 2 In In
2273 Fl. Pomona, 121.Mounce 7 6 n 6 1 2 Vi
1243 J. V. Kirby, 115.0'Connr 8 7 1 5 1 3 1
<2C65)Sister Jeanle. 12O.Tumer 1 1 % 2 *b 4 h
2256 Doreen. 117 HanschlO 8 *i 7 3 5 h
(1907)Sol Ltch'stein, 118. Thorp 4 5 % 4 h 6 2
2267 Minerva. 105 See 2 2 2 3 1 7 3
2236 Ishtar, 100 Murphy 5 9 1 8 5 8 5
2064 Prestano, 110 Conley 3 Sn 9 4 9 5
(1267) Di vlna, 115.... Hennessey 9 10 10 10
2237 Phyllis, 105 Hafley Left
2279 Achilles. 113 Ruiz Left
2249 Jarre. d'Or, 115..Weddsd Left
(2273) Brunswick, 115.. ..Shields Left ... ...
Tlme-U. :23«; %, :35; «. 1:00%. Bad start.
TV on first three driving. Winner. Felix Calx's
br. c by imp. Sain-Ada Reese. Corrigan a top
r.otcher and game as they make them. Flora
Pomona ran a vastly improved race and might
have won with more luck. Sister Jeanle not
there when let down. Doreen ran a remarkably
good race. Brunswick reared when barrier
vent up, dropping on Phyllis. Scratched —
Maraschino 113. Quiet 110, Barklyite 110, Roy
alty 117.
Betting— Corrlpan, 5; Flora Pomona, 10; J.
V. Kirby, 15; Sister Jeanie, 5-2; Doreen. 15;
Sol Lichtenstein, 8: Minerva, 30: Ishtar, 15;
Prestano. coupled with Sister Jeanie: Djvlna.
30; Phyllis, coupled with Divina; Achilles, 80;
Jarretienre d'Or, coupled with Achilles; Bruns
wick. 6.
2294. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; special;
purse, . |76O. .
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. \i. Str. Fin.
(£251) Kenil worth, 8, 117.Turnr 2 lh 1% lh
< 2245) Articulate, 3, 117..Domnk 12 2 2
Time— V,, :W&\ V*. :47; %. 1:13%. Fair start.
Won driving. Winner, W. H. Ketcheman's br.
c. by imp. Sir Modred-Queen Bess. Articulate
beat Kenilworth away two lengths. Latter
"all out,',' as usual. . .
Betting— Kenilworth, 7-10; Articulate, 13-10.
£205. SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling;
ttree-year-old colts and geldings; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, "Wt, Jockey. St. Vx. Str. Fin,
2269 Satin Cost. lOT.Dominlck 13 1 14 15
2282 Thomwild. 107... .Murphy 2 6 2 2 2 2 1
2282 Fondo, 107 Thorpe 4 5 2 8 1 3 2
(2272)Geo. Dewey, 107.Ransch 5 4 h 4 8 4 6
2272 Cambaceres. 107.Materne 7 7 5 5 3 5 2
2269 David S. 107..We<ldstrnd 8 2 2 6 5 6 3
2272 Dance Along, lll.Benntt 8 8 8 7 10
2252 Trlstrain, 107 Howell 3 In 7 % 8
Time— U, :24%; %. :49; %. 1:15: mile, 1:42%.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Hughes & Elliott's br. a by
Eadge-Mattle Rapture. Satin Coat had clear
sailing. Thornwild lost ground at first turn.
Fondo found route too far. Others no account.
Betting— Satin _Coat, 7-10; Thornwild. 7;
Fondo, 6; George Dewey. 15; Cambaceres, 40;
David S, 7; Dance Along, 200; Tristrain, 40.
trotting' stallion Cresceus, 2:04. For a
purse of $10,000 and a side bet of $12,000
Cresceus will meet The Abbott on the
track of the Brighton Beach Racing: Asso
ciation during the week of August 16. The
bet has been posted.
YOUNG COURSERS
ARE A GOOD LOT
Contestants in the Puppy
Stake at Union Park
Perform Well.
Luxor Is a Strong Favorita in th»
Open Event — He Will Save
n Fast Company in
Knal3 - JiBl
A satisfactory progrramm» of sport was
the consensus of opinion at tha close of
the coursing yesterday at Union Park.
Form players were In their srlory. Tho
hares were stronger than usual and as a
result the contestants finished as the form,
players figured them.
Black Head, a For Freedom-Mayflower
younsters, put a heavy crimp In tho rolls
of the backers of favorites by beating
the consistent performer. Ever Sure. That
course was the thirtieth on the card and*
until then but one upset was recorded.^
Seven to 1 was the price and Quite a play
was made. Black Head secured the flag
in a short course, scoring three to his op
ponent's one. Ha has a chance on th*
short end to-day.
Luxor is a strong favorite for stak*
honors, with 2 to 1 the dosing odds on h*a
chances. L; , .
Flylns Fox, Mamie Pleasant, Rural Ar
tist and Wedeewood, at the top of the,
card, and Homer Boy, For Glory and San
tonin at the bottom, have a chance to
contend with Curtis', flier for the last
,The puppy stake brought out a good Jot.
Elista, I>. J. Healey's entry, looka the
choice of the lot. Union Jack appears to
have a hold on second if Amadee does not
dispose of him when they meet.
In the open event the winners In the
second round look to be: Kins Cotton.
Belle Rocket, Roman Athlete, Mamie
Pleasant, Flying Fox, Rural Artist, Silver
Cloud, Golden Russet Alose. "Wedgewood,
Tapioca, Narcissus, Sir Lawrence*'' War
Eagle, Agamemenon, Sir Pasha. Bona
Fide, Brutus, Los Boy, Santonin, vov
Glory, Harlean Gladys. America, Homer
Boy, Charta, Hot Haste and Luxor.
Likely winners In the puppy »tak» •*•*
Union Jack, Amadee, Elesta. and Have a
Dash. _.
Following are the day's results, -wttn
Judge John Grace's official Bcoresl
Open stake, first round— Curtis & SowT KJn*
Cotton beat J. R. McCarthy** John Dog. 4-2;
Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt beat JW. C.
Glasson's Dewdrop, 3-1; Pasha. Kennels* B«l«
Rocket beat O. Lennon's Halfmoon, *-lt w. C.
Glasson'e lone b*>at Chlarlnl Bros.' Brass But
ton. 4-0; Pasha Kennels' Recording Angelpeat
Gold Dust Kennels' Sprlnxbank. 8-0: Pa»na
Kennels' Roman Athlete beat & and R. »«>tt •
Lord Byron. 16-1; Connell Bros.* Mamla Pleas
ant beat A. Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald.
4-0; J. Holden's Scottish Chief beat T. Leud
wis's Lady Garnet, 10-2; Aeneid Kennels
Aeneas beat J. Kennedy's Wln» West. 4-0:
Curtis A Sons' Flylmr Fox beat £_*¦ **«*"* •
Loush Neagrh. 4-0; J. P. Thrift's fyrpn* Prtaca
beat S. Handy> Twin City Girl. 4-0; Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist beat H. A. Deckelman a
Master Rocket, 6-0; C. O. Peterson s Silver
Cloud beat Pasha Kennels' Random Aim. 4-Zj
Aeneid Kennels" Athena beat Pasha Kennels
May HemDstead, &-3; Aeneid Kennels* Fin*
Fire beat H. Lyneh's Lilac. 3-0: J. Jaelcaon 9
Golden Russet beat Cheetham & Partington 9
Representative, 5-4; F. A. McComb's Motto
beat Pasha Kennels* Rural Artist. B-OsYch
semlte Kennels* Mose beat Curtis & Son"
Candelarla. 6-4: J. Cane's Greehall beatPasha
Kennels* Round About. 4-1: K. Jones* "Wedjre
wood beat Curtis & Sons* McKlnley. 4-3: Curtis
& Sons' Psyche beat W. Cairn's Imperial, 4-3;
D. J. Healey's Tapioca beat G. Lennons* Jennie
Noyes. 5-0: Curtis & Sons' Narcissus beat P.
J. Rellly-s The Grafter. 7-1: P. Doyle's Libera
tor beat J. Hurley's O K Capitol. 8-0; J.
Dowllne's Sir Lawrence beat A. Vanderberg'a
Naughty Girl. «-0; H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence (a bye); Curtis & Sons* War Bajrl*
beat H. H. Gray's Rona. 4-0: P. Stelnhoft a
Veto beat A. R. Harriaon's Briar Root. 6-0;
Aeneid Kennels" Asramemnon beat w. r».
Hoar" a Cecil M, 8-1: Star Kennels' Black Head
beat J. Kennedy's Ever Sure, 8-1: F. A. Mc-
Comb's Blr Pasha beat Curtis & Sons' Vul
can. 3-1: F. A. McComb's Bon* ride beat
Lowe & Thompson 1 * Little Fullerton, 8-1:
J, J. Keenan'3., Lundln Links beat F. Jones
Lovina 6-0- Geors<? Sharman's St. Ires beat
Lande & Gerber"s Concord, 10-«; P. J. Rellly*3
Royal Union beat P. Jackson'« Honor Bright.
4-3: Gold Dust Kennels' Brutus beat D. D.
Roche's Mike Fenton. 7-0; Connell Bros.* Lcs
Boy beat Careney & Joy's Juliette, 8-2: Lands
& Gerber'a Rlenzi beat C. S. Appleby's E G "W,
3-*"; Chlarlnl Bros.' Santonin beat H. Lynch'a
Lottie M, 6-0; O. Zahl'a Miss TVilaon beat T.
A. McComb's Royal Flush, 7-2: G. "Walters'
The Chief beat Sterl & Knowles* Sleety Mist.
7-2; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory beat D. J.
Healey's Fine Form, 6-0; Pasha Kennels* Rol
licking Airs beat J. Smith's Boney Boy, 4-0;
F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat M. Fenton' a
Crockett Hill, 7-0; E. Geary's America won
from Georgre Sharman's Chlca«r> Boy by de
fault; Curtis & Sons' Kibosh beat George Shar
man's Bowery Boy. 5-1; O. Zahl's Homer Boy
beat F. A. McComb's Fine Fellow, 5-0 j P.
Doyle's Thelma beat Gold Pust Kennels' St.
Michael, 3-0: Curtis & Sons' Cavalier beat H.
H. Gray's Bannockburn, 4-1: Curtis & Sons*
Charta beat D. D. Roche's All Green. 5-1; J.
J. Kenny's Hot Haste beat Sterl & Knowles'
Olita 8-5; Star Kennels' Master Lawrence beat
P. Korean's Manila, 2-0; B. Geary's Ireland,
a bye; Curtis & Sons* Luxor beat Gold Dust
Kennels' Forget, 4-1.
Puppy stake, first rounds — Pasha Kennels*
Royal Archer beat Gaffney & Horkhw* Spar
tan, 15-6; J. D. Cardlnell's Union Jack beat
S. Mahoney's SHver Las«, 14-0; T. Barre's
Amadee beat C. Sonar's Kwanff. 8-0; J*. Mur
nane's Bonus beat S. Mahoney*s Gold Laoe.
24-t; M. B. Kavanaugh's May Be Kind boat
Chiaxlnl Bros.' Bona Magnifies, 23-8; D. J.
Healey's Elista beat Aeneid Kennels* Arffun,
10-0: Curtis & Sons* Have a Dash beat R. 53.
de B. Lopez's Chester. 10-2: P. Doyle's 'White
Ribbon beat F. Autange's Flamora, 11-4.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 14, 1901.
Totals
24
I
5 I
hi
Event No. 3.
Delicacy.
f a >¦ o 2
So «P c g
i '** ' T 2 a I
• NAME. 1 1 •g 2« -'
, : ** - w §
• 2 5 "* ~
rr- r ft s
• : 2- r , : .
_^ _: s ; ._:
Bmyth SI. 4 87.8 79.2 83.5
Battu S» 86 *0.8 64.2 77.6
Edwarfis 95 S9 S8 75.10 S0.11
Mocker S7 72.4 77.6 93.8 85.7
Brotherton 112^4 94 192.4 76.8 84.0
Proolcs- j H 72.4 85.8 70 77.7
Grant 104 6-12 88 86.4 75 80.8
Muller 98 88.4 87.4 74.2 80.9
Skinner 80 88.4 87.4 75.10 81.8
Goleher 117 92.4 S2 77.6 84.9
Everett 105 $7.8 83.8 75.10 84.9
FATHER HENRY WOODS «TO IvECTURB.
— R<»v. Henry Woods of St, Ignatius College will
speaLk at the Academy of Sciences building this
evening. ¦ The- subject of the address will be
"The Rights and Duties of -Labor 'According to
the^ Catholic Cnudch.:-, • ,,.;., \
f itSE^ 'I " WEAKrtES S IS A CRIME" ,J
flr^^^fc^ii^^^- There is honor and happiness in i/y/f/ \\H J
ffldV / t1ISfcSlY?r :^ vigorous manhood and womanhood. Y// \ H
jjt u\Uii3fiWf ' Don't you want to feel the glow of new- //// V\ \ If .
born life in your blood and nerves, to \L \ i Y\ ) i|
PKW^^ 5^® 1 4 feel the bubbling spirit of youth again? M/ |A t I] I'm
Wm3 vlll f*"" Don't you want to have a strong i U\\ * y I /M
¦HK| '' ++ heart, courage, nerves of steel, self- | \\\\ *? / j$f|
W&rrvfew . r+ confidence, strength in every organ, \ v\ \\- \v- //%!
4 "! '/ I. 11 ambition, energy, grit and endurance? J l\ \\ :^ hW%
1184.1-i 1 j|i|l ++ Don't you want to be rid of the "come 1 ll\ n^ rWja
KM-r + k uU\\ ++¦ an< * P a * ns » the Rheumatism, Dyspepsia, j\ |/v> /"*" |||i
||S + .|-^ \u\M^. + Varicocele, Weak Back and General Debility? ,11 (;*
BtttL, %tlt DR. HcUUGHIIH'S EUEGT8IG BELT ] t^2tm
i + WM' ti l\\\( ¦" ? + Is tho weak man ' 8 Wend. "Worth its weight In eold" -| lAv : *Y -Kill
WmV)'M >%¥* + + has been aald ofit tho . U3a nds of times by rejuvenated -\ \4 V-i-Wm
Rag/ ''wl'll * ¦++¦+ men and women. It is a certain curs, it warms the ..1 I N^V-' wiHi
W&H W/ 'I i '++ + • heart, expands the vitality,- drives out disease and '\ \ VC VHiisl
Wit [W// u- + + + makes health and strength. Try It and bs happy. ' "M \v'' : \llH
B3S( Wnlfi/ : ¦++ +• 2* you are tired of useless dru»?mz and have qn«nt all vonr tim.» ' ~t"\ \ \i^i \EiEd
1 ,lfl T A <-o\A H
il@ It: pssiissss :+tv i
B«Mf ¦ dr. m, c, .Mclaughlin, [ Str^A i
¦¦¦nil T-t^t? 1 ?^ st " San Franci3C0> Cal - +y^===^ ; "\^ f[;SACRAMENTO, April 13.— The McKin
ley reception committee informed Mayor
Clark to-night that all of its arrange
ments were' perfected. Immediately on
the President's arrival he will be taken" to
the State Capitol building, where he will
review the school children from a special
stand. In the evening he will be driven
over the city and through the principal
downtown . streets, which will be lighted
by thousands of incandescent* lights, as
will be the great arches of the Street
Fair, which will be preserved for the oc
casion. The Capitol building will be beau
tifully decorated within and without.
Arrangements for the President's Ke-
ception Completed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 13.-
Stanford to-day took the second game of
the intercollegiate sents from the Uni
versity of California by a score of 15 to 4.
Berkeley's men^vied with one another In
making schoolboy errors, while the cardi
nal team played the best same of the
season. The stai» plavlng was done by
Symonds. who accepted eight hard
chances in center field without an error.
Parker, the Stanford pitcher, was in
vincible, while Catcher- Ball played the
best all-round game seen on either college
diamond this season. . Berkeley made 14 er
rors, Stanford 5. -
CAPITAL CITY'S PREPARATIONS.
the Series .From Berkeley.
Takes the Second Baseball Game of
STANFORD AN EASY WTNNEK.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "Tennessee's Pardner."
Grand Opera-house — ••Cinderella."
Columbia— "More Than Queen."
California— "The County Fair."
Central— "Ingomar. ' '
TlvoH— "The Idol's Eye."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets-
Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Mechanics" Pavilion — Art Exhibition.
• Recreation Park— Baseball.
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture this afternoon.
Union Coursing Park-r-Coursicg to-day.
Tanforan Park — Races to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By . • Occidental Horse Exchange — Monday.
April 15. Horses, at 721 Howard street.
B7 G." H. •lTmb3«i— Thursday, April IS. at 13
o'clock. Business Property, at 14 Montgomery
street. .
By S. "U'atkin's— Thursday. April 13. at 11
o'clock. Livery Stable, at 1140 Folpom street.
British Chess Team.
LONDON, April 13.— The British Chess
Club says that neither the Newnes trophy
nor the University teams have yet been
definitely decided upon. Sir George
Newnes' paper says the British team will
be H. E. Atkins, G. E. H. Bellinghan:.
Herbert Jacobs, E. M. Jackson. F. J. Lee,
James Mason. Mr. Michall. D. T. Mill*.
W. Ward and, it is hoped. Blackburn will
be able to play and complete the team.
Has No Legal Standing.
MANAGUA, April 13.— The - Supreme
Court of Nicaragua has finally decided
that the London Bank of Central America
(Limited) has no legal standing In Nica
ragua. ;
Pope Receives Americans.
ROME, April 13.— The Pope to-day re
ceived- in audience Senator Kearns and
Perry S. Heath, secretary of the Republi
can National Committee.
Dr. Winston spoke oii "The Relation of
the Whites to the Nesrroes" and Dr. Du
bois' topic was "The P.elation of the Ne
groes to the Whites." _
Herbert condemned the fifteenth amend
ment and universal suffrage as the nine
teenth century mistakes of the republ'c.
He said it was wrong to give the negro
a vote immediately after emancipation be
cause it resulted in a "solid South" with
out any stimulating political rivalry and
developed a feeling of racial antipathy in
the new generations that never existed
between ex-slave and mast°r.
" PHII^ADELPHIA. April 13,-The annual
. convention of the American Academy of
Political and Social Science came to oil
end to-night. To-day's sessions were de
voted to the consideration of the raca
problems of the South and our newly ac
, quired "West Indian possessions. President
George T. Winston of the North Carolina
College of Agriculture and Professor W.
E. B. Dubois of the Atlanta University
discussed tlfc negro Question from oppo
site points of view at the afternoon ses
sion. To-night Senator Platt of Connecti
cut and Charles M. Popper spoke on tha
Cuban and Porto Rican phase of the race
question. Hilary A. Herbert, former Sec
retary of the Navy, and Provost Charles
¦ C. Harrison of the University of Pennsyl
vania presided at the session.
Former Secretary of the Navy Her
bert Says Universal Suffrage
Was a Mistake of the
Social and Political Scien
tists Discuss Status of
the Negro.
RACE QUESTION
THEIR THEME
Besides the specified portions of the
property the assets of the estate amount
to about J5000.
James H. Brooks receives the house and
lotatl26S Twelfth avenue, a half Inter
est in a $2500 promissory note • and an
other note for $2500. The parties to the
stipulation agree to the payment of fees
to the amount of $1500 already incurred
and agrree to share alike any property
subsequently - discovered , as' belonging to
the estate and any new claims allowed.
¦ By the terms of the compromise Mr*.
Brooks retains the homestead place at 1313
Twelfth avenue. $650 In cash and a halC
interest in a $2500 promlbwjry note. H. S.
Brooks receives the newspaper route
which he originally claimed. Alice M.
Wilkinson receives the house and lot al
1270 Twelfth avenue, $250 In cash and a
13000 promissory note. She is also, with
James H. Brooks,- made residuary lega
tee. '
As stated in the stipulation filed In the
Superior Court to-day the parties to tha
family feud realized tha c the cost of the
various contests would ¦ drain the estate
unless some amicable arrangement could
be made to obviate them. ¦ They • therefore
consented to an equitable division of the
property, the widow and mother giving up
her claim to exclusive possession.
H. S. Brooks also filed a contest, stat
ing that a newspaper route claimed by
Mrs. Brooks was his own property and
not that of his father.
' Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. April 13
The contest In which j were embroiled
the widow and children of the late La j>
fayette Brooks has been compromised out
of court as set forth in an agreement be
tween the contending heirs filed to-day.
Shortly after th^ widow filed her peti
tion f or {distribution, slating that her hus
band had deeded all his property to her.
Alice M. Wilkinson, a stepdaughter of
the ' deceased, filed a protest accusing
Mrs. ¦ Brooks of obtaining the deeds by
undue influence.
Property Will Be Divided Among
Them According to the Terms
of Stipulation Filed in
Court.
Widow and Children of Late
Lafayette Brooks Reach
an Agreement.
BITTER FAMILY
FEUD IS SETTLED
•ALAMEDA. April "13.— Dr. Kate Post
Van Orden may succeed Dr.'C.'H." Lub
bock as a member of the Board of Health.
' Woman on Health Board.
.ItERKELEY ITJOFKSSOU TO LECTURE.
l>r. John Krycr. l.Ul>., Arcjwla t>rofr«*or of
Oriental lanruace* and literature at th« I'nt
verslty or California, will lecture at the
Academy of Scleno«8. to-rnorrtw evening. Tho
nubjfa of the address' will }* "The.lmluenc*
and Po«itloa of Woman In China." ¦
The verdict in tne case of Mrs. Hen
nlnjrer of. 74S Folsom street, who, died on
April 11 of malpractice, was that death
occurred "while undergoing treatment
from Mrs. Dora Fuhriir."
At tha conclusion of the inquest Detect- 1
ive Whittaker arrested Mrs. Fuhrisr and
charged her with murder. "The woman
Ftoutly matntalhs'tlmt she { had tiothing to
do with Mrs. Henninifcr's death.
Mrs. FuhnSg Under
BERKELEY. April 13.-J. F. J. Archi
bald will give a stereoptlcon lecture for
charity next Thursday evening at - the
opera-noupe under the' auspices of the
Berkeley Benevolent Society. The lec
ture will be on the Boer war. through part
of which Archibald .campaigned.
Will Lecture for Charity.
OAKLAND. April 13.— The Paulist Fath
ers will open a mission Sunday morning
at 10:30 o'clock at. the Church of the Im
maculate Conception. The mission will be
conducted by Kev. M. P. Smith, Rev. H.
H. Wyman and Rev. P. J. Moran.
Paulist Fathers' Mission.
• OAKLAND. April 13.— I?ev. M. N. Ray.
rector of St. John's Eoiscapal Church." hns
arranged for a repetition of the Easter
music service given last week. It will be
given at the morning sen ice to-morrow in
full, with the vested choir and the string
orchestra. John de P. Teller, the orgi::»
lst, will have charge of the servic*.
Easter Music to Be Repeated.
Reduction in the. Rate Effects a Large
Saving to the Munici
' pality.
Gas and Water Inspector Tupper yester
day submitted the following report to the
Board of Works as to the comparative
amounts of gas consumed for public pur
poses during the last four years:
»Gas consumed in public bulldlnjfs— 1897, 18,
1S1.S0O cubic feet, costing $28,919 91;. 189S. 18.
409 600 cubic feet, costing $IS,094 64: 1899, 19.719,-
BOO cubic feet, costing *C6.622 69; 1900,-13,753,800
cubic feet, costlns $20,797 69.
Amount of gas saved In 1900, 3.965,700 cube
feet, at tl 40. $3551 98.
Cost of lighting: public streets— 1S97. J299.332 36:
1S98, J2S7.23S 64; 1899, $254,518 60; 1900, $189,909 06.
In the year 1900, for four months, the
street lights were extinguished ! at mid
night, saving $40,000 to the city. If this is
added the cost would be $229,909 06. or $24.-
C09 54 less than the year before. Owing to
the insistent protest by the Board of Pub
lic Works against the old style of burners
for street lights the new Welsbach burn
ers have been substituted, thus giving at
least three times the volume of light at
the same price as the old burners.
FIGURES ON GAS USED
FOR PUBLIC PURPOSES
ground for divorce from his wife. Bsr
tha Ferrier, now residing with her par
ents in Illinois. The couple were married
at Elgin, in that State, in 1S03. Ferrier
claims that his wife used abusive lan
guage toward him and finally refused to
live with him.
' Extreme . cruelty • was also the charg*
against another wife. Evelyn G. Eggie
ston, upon which Judge Ellsworth to-day
granted Charles P. Eggleston a decree of
divorce.
Minnie Berwick has besrun suit for di
vorce from Frederick Berwick on the
ground of desertion.
Minnie ¦ Moore charges her husband,
James E. Moore, a Southern Pacific em
ploye, with cruelty- in an action for di
vorce begun to-day.
UNHAPPY COUPLES WHO
WOULD BE SEPARATED
Marital Mistakes for Which Remedy
Is Sought in the Divorce
Court.
OAKLAND. Anril 13.— Louis Ferrler of
Livermore alleges extreme cruelty as the
Ex-Lieutenant Governor Hanna.
INDIANAPOLIS. April 13.-Ex-LIeuten
ant Governor Thomas llanim died at his
home in this city to-night of apoplexy.
Charles L. Ennis.
LOS ANGELES. April 13.-Charles L.
Ennis. Deputy Superintendent of City
Schools, died at his home In this city this
morning of paralysis of the heart.
Bernhard H. Ehlers.
ST. HELENA. April 13.-Bernhard H.
Ehlers, a vineyardist and wine producer
of this valley, died at his home near St.
Helena yesterday of heart trouble. Mr.
Ehlers was born In Germany In 1844. He
came t« America in 1S69 and to California
In 1S72. In 1S75 Mr. Ehlers married Miss
Anna Stoll. Besides the widow, he is sur
vived by a brother and four children.
DENVER, April 11— Dr. William F. Mc-
Clelland is dead at the age of SO years.
Before coming to Denver In 1S62 his name
had become known in Europe as well as
America for his success in performing dif
ficult operations. Here he was the first
physician to make a study of the climatic
influence of the mountain region upon pul
monary diseases and wrote extensively of
the benefits of Colorado's climate. To his
writings was due largely the first fame
of the fatate as a resort for the world. -He
amassed a fortune in real estate.
Dr. William F. McClelland.
PHILADELPHIA, April 13.— Brevet
Brigadier General J. C. Lynch, a veteran
of the Civil War. died suddenly to-day of
apoplexy, aged 61 years. After his dis
charge from the military service he en
gaged In the real estate business, which
he conducted here for a number of years.
He entered tho service in August. ls<51, as
pecond lieutenant of the Sixteenth Penn
sylvania Regiment. In June. 1S64. he was
ar signed to the command of the One Hun
dred and Eighty-third Regiment, with the
commission of colonel. The regiment took
part In the fierce fighting of the battle of
the Wilderness, nt Laurel Hill and Cold
Harbor. Colonel Lynch was mustered out
in October, 1S64, and was breveted briga
dier general at the end of the war.
BrigadieT General J. C. Lynch.
OAKLAND. April 13.— Mrs. Martha Bil
lings died last night at the residence of
her son-in-law, John O. Cadman, 1677 Val
dez street. She was a native of Vermont,
SI years of age, and had been sick a long
time. She was at one time instructor \n
Greek and Latin in a Washington semi
nary. The funeral will take place Sunday
afternoon. . -
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Death of Mrs. Martha Billings.
ALAMEDA, April 13.— B. L. Coombs and
C. J. Hammond, the City Trustees-elect,
and Messrs, Miller, Forderer and Mackie
of the present board held a meeting last
night and considered appointments. The
only head that will fall, it is understood,
Is that of City Collector Thomas Thomp
son, who will be succeeded by J. L. Bal
lentine.
New Trustees Meet.
The holographic will of Joseph Moore,
the distinguished California engineer, who
died recently in London, was filed for pro
bate to-day by his son, Robert G. Moore.
The instrument contains specific bequests
to the amount of .about $25,000. It is very
carefully drawn and details in minutiae
the disposition which the testator desired
made of his property. Those mentioneu
in the will are Andrew, Robert G., Charles
H., Ralph H., Annie. Charlotte M, and
Joseph A. Moore, children of the deceased;
Mary Jane Moore, a sister, residing In
Scotland; Margaret Hendry, a niece, also
living in Scotland; Charles Castle, a
brother-in-law, since deceased; Charlotte
Castle, James B. Castle and Jessie C. Or
mond, children of Charles Castle.
Trust funds of $5000 each are created In
favor of the sister, niece and brother-in
law, which are revoked in a codicil stat
ing that other provision, not specified, had
been made for these legatees.
The seven children are made residuary
legatees, with the exception of Charles H.
Moore, previously provided for. After
the specific bequests have been paid the
estate is to be divided into eight parts,
two of which go to each of the two
daughters and one each to the four re
maining sons^
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 13.
Will of Distinguished En
gineer, Joseph Moore,
Filed for Probate.
LEAVES PROPERTY
TO MANY HEIRS
BOY INSTANTLY KILLED
BY A SWITCH ENGINE
OAKIjAND, April 13.— William Flnck, a
17-year-old employe of the Judson Iron
Works, was killed by the cars near tfte
works this afternoon. Young Finck
was riding on the foot board of a switch
engine, drawing several cars, when he
slipped and fell across the track. The
engine passed over his body, killing him
instantly.
The boy was an orphan and had been
adopted a few years ago by a Mrs. Boyle,
living in Emeryville. He was employed
on the night shift at the iron works. The
remains were taken charge of by Coroner
Mehrmann, who will hold an Inquest.
The members of the present Health Board
will request the City Trustees to make the
appointment. Action will be taken next
Monday , night, when the new Board of
City Trustees will meet for the first time.
Miss Krickau was a natlv» of Pennsyl
vania. Peter Krickau, her father. Is a
machinist by occupation. She leaves two
sisters, Mrs. John Becker and Miss
Louise Krickau, and a brother, Albert
Krickau of Pennsylvania.
Paralysis is thought to have caused the
sudden death of the young woman, but to
determine it beyond question an autopsy
will be held. The exact cause of the
blindness will also be revealed, and the
case is expected to be of vaiue to medical
science.
Without much difficulty the fire was ex
tinguished, and, though she was not
harmed, Miss Krickau never recovered
from the fright. Not long after the acci
dent her eyesight began to fail. She grad
ually grew worse, until finally total blind
ness-resulted.
I The best physicians in the world were
unable to give Miss Krickau any relief.
She was treated by the noted Dr. Barcan
of San Francisco and Dr. Howe of Buf
falo. It was their opinion that she was
suffering from consumption of the optic
nerve, for which there is no cure.
Miss Krickau's story is pathetic. One
night eight years ago she sought some
thing in the pantry of her home. It was
dark and she lighted a match. When it
had burned low she threw it beind her.
It caught on the folds of her dress, soon
causing the flimsy cloth to burn.
ALAMEDA, April 13.— Fright deprived
Miss Mathilda Krickau of sight some
years ago and all hope of ever regaining
the use of her eyes had gone. This morn
ing she was found dead in her bed, death
having come in sleep to relieve her of her
long sufferings. Miss Krickau was a
handsome woman of 25 years, a sweet
singer, of most charming disposition, and
her passing will be mourned by a great
number of friends.
Miss Mathilda Krickau's Sad
Life Ended After Eight
* Years' Suffering.
FRIGHT CAUSES
LOSS OF SIGHT
waves and gave the rowers all they could
do to keep an even keel. The course was
a straightaway from west of Webster-
Btreet bridge to a point opposite Sessions
Basin, about a mile.
In the first race the sophomores and
freshmen were pitted against each other.
It was nip and tuck all the way and
proved the fastest competition of the day.
The sophomores pulled away from the
freshles the last quarter mile, winning
after a struggle by little more than a
length. Time. 6:01.
Seniors arid juniors measured oars for
the second race. At no time were the
seniors hard'j pressed. They secured a
lead of two. lengths at the start and held
it to the imaginary line, only quickening
their stroke a little when the juniors
showed signs of pulling together. Time,
E:55.
Harley '01 had Breed '00 going from the
beginning of their skiff race. Six lengths
separated them at the finish line. Time,
6:42. '
The final race was between the sophs
The officers of the day were; Referee,
James Hopper;' timers — Professor Ed
wards and Professor Magee: judges—Pro
fessor Soule and Professor Walte.
Freshmen— H. Muller. bow; J. B. White,
2. R. .W. Wardwell. 3: W. H. Foster,
stroke: M. Milton, cockswain.
Sophomores— W. T. Pitchford, bow; E.
B. Moore, 2; S. S. Smith, 3; B. H. Cerf.
stroke; S. A. Smithson, cockswain.'
The crews were made up of the follow
ing named college men: . Seniors— H. D.
Morse, bow; M. S. Griffith, 2; H. C. White,
stroke; H. L. Moulthrop, cockswain.
Juniors^ — E. Duden, bow; R. D. Picwitt,
2; H. M. Childs, 3; F. M. Foster, stroke;
F. Baird, cockswain.
and seniors, winners of the two previous
heats. The sophs won handily by three
lengths, the seniors not bothering them
much. Time, 5:50.
Quakers Defeat Carlisle.
rJiii*Ar>EU»HlA. April 13.-Pennsyl
vnnla opened Up baseball weapon at honr*
thle &f mrnoon by defeating Carlisle 7 to L
Successful Doer Show.
tot-AnLi:, April 13.-The sixth annual
dor fhow of the Seattle Kenne! Club
ended to-ni;:ht after having scored the
record for being the largest and best ex
hibition of thoroughbred animals ever got
together in the Northwest. The show
was a success financially owing to the fact
i hat the club is now a member of the Pa
rifle Kennel League, which has provided a
clarification and system of rules adapted
especially io the needs of the Pad tic
I oast. Every cluh giving shows on the
r^M. save the San Francisco Kennel
i lub, is now a member of the league.
Kmory third. Time. 5:18. •
n*r.nirurj= Ppr'.ng handicap, seven furlongrs—
ntnor won, Aleike second, Sidney Lucas third.
Timp. 3 :;s 1-5.
Srvcn furlongs— Arbitrator won, Thorough
1 rM second. Napoleon Bonaparte third. Time.
1 30 :-f..
One mile and lJo yards, selllnr— Nitrate won.
Kirkv-ocd eecond. Robert iletcalf third. Time.
Five furlonpy— Boney Boy won, Tresgrrave
recon<S, Palatial third. Time, J:C3.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. April 13.— Results:
Four and a h«if furlongs, selling— Lady Bird
•won. Tom Wallace second, Ben Hempetead
Third. Time. :5S\i. '
6ix furlongs, celllnir— Alex Pearson won, Bon
nlvard second. Myra Morello third. Time,
1:11%. '
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Mar
ruerlte Hagrman won. I*ee Kins second. Anno
wan third. Time. 1:*S.
One rr.ile. purse— Brigade won. The Unknown
tecond. Time. 1:43. Two starters.
About two miles. Cotton steeplechase— Sallust
won. Isen second. Tonto third. Time. 4:49.
Six furlongs— Fred Hesslr won. High Jinks
pppona. Pirate's Queen third. Time. 1:164.
CINCINNATI. April 13.— Results at
Newport:
One mile, selling— Elsie Dell won. Insurrection
pecend. Watrrhout* ihlrd. Time. 1:4TH.
One mile and an fighth. selling— Outburst
won. Jessie Jarbo second, Al Caskey third.
Time. tXXZ.
Four furloncs— Fcunfllms won. King Daly
second. Follow third. Time. :4»H.
Six furlonps. sellinr— Horseshoe Tobacco won,
Martri* W second. Iris third. Time, 1:11.
Six furlonp». selling— Castlne. won, Mazetta
t-ocorxO., Dan lUce thlid. Time. 1:1"\.
Five and a half furlonps — Ben Frost tron.
Teeter second. Eva Wilson third. Time,
1:10*4.
WASHINGTON. April 13.— The Bennings
meeting closed to-day. Results: ,";
One mile and a half, hurdle— Gould won.
Earn eocend. Draughtsman third. Time. 2:524.
Pour and a half furlonfrs— The Gold Finder
»on. Rishtawav second. Grail third. Time.
::»t ;-s.
Hunters' steeplechase, about" two and a half
tnlles— Iy>rt Chord won. Quicksilver second.
Eastern Racing.
LONDON. April 13.— The friends of the
American jockeys now in England are bo
far badly disappointed at the season's
work. Not a single American appeared at
Leicester yesterday. Lester Reiff has lost
fifteen out of twenty races, Johnny Reiff
thirty-one out of thirty-six and Maher
sixteen out of twenty. Those failures are
variously attributed to the fact that most
of the English jockeys have adopted the
American style or to the immature condi
tion of the American mounts.
One of the interesting results of the
American Invasion is the appearance on
the turf of a new racing saddle, with slid
ing Ftirrups. which is warranted to give
a jockey an American seat without effort
on his part. The stirrup straps work on
much the eame principle as the V-shaped
American suspended fasteners, and the in
ventor of the new saddle claims it auto
matically changes the rider's weight from
front to rear, and vice versa, giving all
the advantage of the American style of
riding.
AlffEBICAN" EIDERS A
BIG DISAPPOINTMENT
GLASGOW. April 13.— It has been pro
visionally arranged that the cup chal-
Inneer will have her first trial with the
Shamrock I either in the Solent or outside
the Ifle of Wight on July A.
Sir Thomas Lipton and George Watson
visited the Denny yard to-day and urged
a hastening cf the work. Unavoidable de
lays have so retarded the construction of
the Shamrock 77 that every effort will be
required to have the challenger ready for
launching Saturday next. Between 300
ar.d 400 men are now working day and
night putting the finishing touches on her
hull. Her spars are completed and the
builders promise to have her mainfnast
Etepped within an hour after the boat's
taking the water. The Ehe'll will imme
diately be taken south to be fitted out for
her trials. In order to distinguish the
Shamrocks the challenger will be first
painted white, but before she starts in the
cup races it Is expected she will be coated
with the familiar green.
SHAMROCK'S TSIAIi
SET FOB. JULY FOUBTH
VICTORIA. April 13 — Advices under
Cat© of April 2 from the Klondike capital
told of preparations that had been com
menced there to hold a carnival of sports
at Dawson. commencing July 1 (Dominion
day), and continuing for a week or more.
A half-mile race track will be built, a site
for which had already been selected.
Charley Meadows, one of those interested,
was to" have left shortly for the outside
to arranpe tor the booking of horses and
jockeys for a race meeting to be held in
connection with the carnival. Suitable
purses will be put up to induce some of
the leading horsemen of "the outside" to
enter. Shooting clubs are to be formed
and electric traps imported for a bluerock
tournament.
Thr biggest feature of the carnival
probably will be a fight between Tom
Sharkey and Prank Slavin. Arrangements
will be made to have the fight, which will
take place In the open, reproduced on the
kinetoscope. The programme of the pro
moters of the carnival wilMnvolve the ex
penditure of many thousands of dollars.
EPOBT CAKNTVAX TO
BE HELD IN DAWSON
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 13.
Attorney W. A. Dow has invoked a tech
nicality in the Ruch-McMenomy contest
which late developments prove disastrous
to his own client should the court adhere
to his original ruling In ¦ Dow's favor.
Eeeinp that he was "hoist by his own
petard," Ruch's attorney appealed to
Judge Ellsworth to reverse his decision
In order that his client might be saveJ.
The point in question arose over a Mc-
Menomy ballot, on which a voter ha.l
marked a cross opposite a space on the
Muncinal League ticket in which was
printed, "No Nomination." The omission
of a candidate's name from this space
was due to the fact that Dr. Myra Knox,
nominee for School Director on the
league ticket, was also nominted by the
Republicans. As the Republicans filed
their certificates of nomination with th-
City Clerk before the Muncipial Leaguers,
Dr. Knox's name was printed with the
Republican i candidates on the ballot. It
thus occurred, apparently, that, mar.y
electors, wishing to vote the Municipal
League ticket straight and knowing that
four nominations for School Directors
were made, marked a cross after each of
the four spaces reserved on the Municipal
League ticket for School Directors, In
cluding that marked "No Nomination "
Ruch, running on the Municipal League
ticket, was the greater sufferer from this
error.
It happened that the first ballot on
which the mistake in question was made
was for McMenomy.
Attorney Dow, representing Ruch, im
mediately challenged the vote on the
ground that the mark might serve as an
identification. Judge Ellsworth sustained
Dow's objection and the ballot was
thrown out.
At to-day's hearing a bunch of Ruch
ballots marked with crosses after the "no
nomination" space was encountered, and
it fairly took the respondent's breath
away. Twenty of the ballots were found
in the vote from the Second Precinct.
At the start Ruch had an advantage of
five votes. According to the previously
accepted procedure the vote of the Second
Precinct wipes out this plurality and
places McMenomy fifteen votes ahead.
Dow demurred.
"I hope," he said, "that your Honor will
reconsider your decision on this point.
Otherwise this error of the voters be
comes a trap whereby the people are
thwarted of their choice.
"Any intelligent voter might make such
a mistake. DeMring to vote the straight
league ticket and knowing that four
School Directors at large were to be elect
ed, he might stamp opposite the space
"no nomination" without noticing the ex
act words, e6pecialjy as they were print
ed in the same type as the names of the
candidates.
"If all these ballots are to be thrown out
on this account the will of the people con
cerning almost any office in the city could
undoubtedly be defeated."
Attorney Frick. on behalf of the con
testant, twitted Dow with being the first
to raise the objection, ¦which, now that it
went against him, he desired to repudiate.
He argued that each ballot should be
scrutinized on its own merits without re
gard to the net result. He cited authori
ties In support cf the view that a mark of
the kind under discussion was to be con
sidered an Identification.
Judge Ellsworth decided to suspend the
recount and look up the law on the ques
tion in dispute. He adjourned court until
Monday for that purpose.
Attorney Dow Repudiates Former
Contention When It Becomes Ap
parent It Is Favorable
to McMIenomy.
Technicality in Ruch's Be
half May Elect His Rival
to Office.
INVOKES RULING
FATAL TO CLIENT
BURNED CANNERY
TO BE REBUILT
Head of Firm -Orders That
Work Be Rushed on
New Structure.
Hay-srcrds People Rejoicing That the
Community Is Not to Suffer
X«oss of That Important
Industry.
This is good news for Haywards. for
the cannery employed many hundreds of
people, exceeding- a thousand during the
season, besides affording a market at
home for the large fruit crops of this sec
tion. The cuestion of whether the can
nery -would be rebuilt was a serious one
for la few days, but the telegram received
by the other members of the firm to-day
settled that cuestion, and work will be
pushed to the limit in order that at least
a. portion of the fruit crop of the present
year mar be handled.
J. H. Hunt left New York to-day for
California and is expected to arrive on
Wednesday. A meeting with the insur
ance companies -will be held 5n San Fran
cisco on Thursday In regard to the pay
ment of the policies. Adjusters represent
ing the companies interested visited the
ruins to-day, but found everything a loss.
There will be no salvage, even in the ma
chinery, aJI of which was ruined by the
Intense heat.
The loss will amount to $125,000. which
Is practically covered by insurance.
A force of twenty men was put at work
to-day clearing away the burned rubbish.
There Is little question that the fire
•was incendiary. There had been no fire
In the building for some time, and the fire
ptarted in the corner of the building far
thest removed from the engine room.
HATTTARDS. April 13.— Hunt Bros, will
rebuild their burned cannery at once. A
telegram lias been received from J-. H.
Hurt, the head of the firm, who is now
in Nevr York, ordering that the debris
be cleared away at once and that the
work of rebuilding be pushed forward a*
rapidly as possible.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALt, SUNDAY, APRIL 14, 1901.
Seniors Easily Defeat Juniors=-=Oarsrrien Have to Con
tend With Wind and Choppy Sea.
SOPHOMORES BEAT FRESHMEN
IN THE INTERCLASS REGATTA
The weather made fast time impossi
ble. The wind beat the water into choppy
OAKLAND, April 13.— Counter at
tractions kept the people away
from the university rowing re
gatta on the estuary this after
noon. The few that gathered on
the shore in the vicinity of California's
boathouse were principally boating enthu
siasts. They saw some good finishes, even
it- the time was not the fastest.
ONE OF THE "WINNING CREWS AT
THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFOR
NIA REGATTA. ,
25
Arm woman with a tear and the tyrant
is armed with a feather.
"You canna coort right walking; you
must sit doon." — London Spare Moments.
b «i pjuoB . I "T™" \^ B 1 En} S B \ f E^ S^^ "*¦— •£*£« El I
11 W& 0VEI1 HALF 0F THE SUICII)ES IN Tms COUNTRY CAN BE gj|| 1!
ll HI TKACED TO A DISORDERED LIVER. IN FACT, THERE IS *M 33
IB ill N0 0THER DISEASE THAT HAS SUCH A DEPRESSING EFFECT pfjj |I
l| EH ON THE PATIENT AS DISEASE OF THE LIVER. THOUSANDS |£j 4
W HI 0F PEOPLE ARE TO-DAY DOCTORING FOR SOME IMAGINARY f$& W
1 ffi AILMENT, WHO, IF THEIR LIVER WERE WORKING IN A tpi f
' M P*l HEALTHY MANNER, WOULD BE IN PERFECT HEALTH. THE £pj$ S
flUH UVER ACTS AS A PURIFIER OF THE BLOOD, AND ABOVE feW }J
1 1 fit ALL 0TnER EMBEKS OF THE BODY, SHOULD BE ATTENDED fey /i I
I Jill a S uaran^ ee^ cure f° r a^ diseases of the liver. Ifc acts immediately fe^S W
H £firf an( * eaves none °f the bad effects that result from calomel and other p^H ¥«
p iPtl poisonous drugs. And all other troubles arising from disordered, weak Mv|j fa
W w*h digestion or inactive Kidneys or Liver. It makes pure blood, a good f|j
1||i^ A MILD LAXATIVE, WORKS RAPIDLY AND Jj| SS
\X\jl Tpr^i^ VV 1 1 iHJU 1 A Olv** t< >-'*x * A1IN. £^tS M ff
One thing Is ccriain—LSEC0L8 TEA moves Ihe Bowels m^b jSfe j/j£k
w*w H Nra^sA A 100-Page Book of Stories "and Anecdotes of Abraham •^f^-^3 k iSWw fHBritish empire. They tried, to make the
Duke . understand tliAt the Stuarts were
dethroned since 16S9, but somehow the
whole matter came to the knowledg-e of
the .'Prince of Wales, and of Earl Gran
ville, the Secretary of State.*. The latter
at once took diplomatic steps. He inti
mated that if the pretensions of the Duke
of Modena should even be permitted to
be mentioned to his Royal Highness the
latter and the English Embassador would
leave Vienna without opening the British
department of the exhibition and without
even troubling themselves about a fare
well audience. Of course among the dis
tinguished personages not present at the
opening of the exhibition was the Duke of
Modena. That gentleman died two years
later, in 1875. This was probably the only
occasion ¦ during the reign of Queen Vic
toria upon which a descendant of the
Stuarts succeeded in coming into diplo
matic contact with the reigning family.—
Brooklyn Eagle. :
Being a Reminiscence of Wales' Visit
to Vienna in 1873.
The visit of the Archduke Franz Ferdi
nand of Austria to this country, says the
London Daily. Mail, recalls a rather dra
matic episode which happened in 1S73,
when King Edward VII, as- Prince of
Wales, went to Vienna to assist at the
opening of the World's Fair.
At that time. Duke Franz V of Modena
lived in'-Vienna and, on "hearing that the
Prince of Wales was to represent Great
Britain, this quizzical old gentleman, who
as a descendant of the Stuarts claimed to
be legal King of Great Britain and Ire
land, objected at the Austrian court that
he alone was entitled to represent the
PEXNTCE AUD PRETENDER.
Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen sailing
every Sunday and "Wednesday for San
Diego, stopping only at Santa Barbara
and Los Angeles ports. Improved service
low rates. Pacific Coast Steamship Co.,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel.
Delightful Ocean Trips.
The American Mining: News in a review
of mining: conditions In the Northwest
says that in Washington the south half
of the' Colville reservation, the east belt
of. Republic and the extreme north sec
tions ol-Okanogan and Ferry counties
promise much for the year. The Methow
will also possibly make its biggest show
ing, and several Stevens County campa
promise to come to the front. Several
parts of the Coeur d'Alenes, but recently
found to be mineralized, will be thorough
ly-explored, and the copper belt of that
district will be pushed rapidly forward.
The Lake Pend d'Oreille district promises
great things, and If pending deals go
through it may be one of. the chief cen
ters of interest before fall comes. North
western Montana is receiving Increasing
attention from Spokane operators and
Eastern Oregon is making quite phenome-*
nal progress. ' , :
Oregon has adopted a new mining law.
It provides that the boundaries of a claim
must be marked within thirty days of
the posting of a notice; that the location
notice must be filed within ! sixty days
with the proper officer; that before the
expiration of sixty days from the date
of posting the notice of discovery a shaft
must be sunk on the claim to the depth
of at least ten feet, and that-, this work
shall riot be considered a part 'of the as
sessment work required by the -United
States Government. •• ' .
rich erravel mine fromOwen : W: Griffith
and D. J. Lewis of Oakland: The con
sideration was $20,000. The property is lo
cated between the Hidden Treasure and
Red Point mines. • : . :.:'.
First Lieutenant Arthur Doll of » the
Sixth Infantry has been elected first lieu
tenant of his company, vice Wollman, re
signed, and- Sergeant F. A. 1 Spence has
been elected second liteutenant.
First Lieutenant Horace H. Walling of
Company I, Second Infantry, has tendered
hie resignation.
Company E of the Fifth Infantry, lo
cated at Santa Rosa, and the P«rtaluma
company, same regiment, took part in a
battalion drill In Cedar Grove, Petaluma
under command of Major Julliard. in the
presence of a large number, of the real
dents of Petaluma and vicinity.
Lucien Beer has been elected captain of
Company G of the Sixth Infantry, located
at Bakersfield, vice Hayden. Captain
Beers was nominated for the position
from the ranks. - '. -- ;
The Fifth Infantry has decided to have
a company cook for each company in the
regiment in camp.
The commissary of each of the three
brigade staffs have* called a meeting to
arrange the details for supplying the
camp during encampment week. A num
ber of plans will be submitted, but it Is
probable that the plan in vogue in the
regular army will be followed.
Since Washington's birthday the marks
men of the University Cadets, under Lieu
tenant N. Vanderbilt. a veteran of the
Spanish-American war, have seven times
faced the targets in matches with Na
tional Guardsmen and in six contests
have been victorious, as appears from the
following review: •¦ •
¦ February 22— Comcanj- E, Fifth : Infantry.
409; cadets, 402.
March 2— Company C, Fifth Infantry, 889:
cadets, 410.
March 9— Company B, Fifth Infantry, 373:
cadets, 412.
March 28— Company E, Fifth Infantry, 880;
cadets, 417. . ...
March 23-Company I, Fifth Infantry, 400:
cadets, 417.
March SO— -Company A, Fifth Infantry, 415:
cadets, 428.
April 6— Company. G, Seventh Infantry. 405:
cadets, 419.
The company commanders of the First
Infantry have not been as prompt in mak
ing returns as the regulations require, and
for that reason Colonel O'Neil has sent
them a reminder as to their duties by call
ing their- attention to the order from gen
eral headquarters in regard to such.
Musician Fabian H. Sturken and Private
William Pitt Jr. of Company D, First In
fantry, ¦ have been transferred to Com
pany I upon their application.
Sergeant J. Hurley of Company E, First
Infantry, has been promoted first ser
geant,-vice M. D. Delaney. ' . . ¦;
Five men have been discharged from the
First Infantry, four on account of re
moval and one on account of exemption. '
The proposition of Companies C, G, F
and K, located in the Ellis-street armory,
to be detached from the- First Infantry
and be- organized into a battalion of artil
lery is now before the proper authorities,
and a reply to the application is expected
In a short time.
The orders for the division camp having
been issued, the major general has issued
an order that brigade, regimental and
company commanders report, before the
25th Inst. the number of officers and men
who probably will attend the encampment,
the number of horses required, the num
ber of tents of all kinds available, the
number of blankets and blanket bags
available and the extent to which each
command is supplied with cooking uten
sils and mess outfits*
B, D, E, H, I, L and M will assemble at
regimental headquarters at 8 o'clock, and
Companies C. F, G andiK at Hayes street
and Van Ness avenue a half-hour later."
The men will appear in fatigue uniform.
On the night of the 17th the regiment
will give an exhibition, and drill in Me-,
chanics' Pavilion. «
dress parade of the First Regiment to
morrow night on Van Ifess avenue. The
field, staff, non-commissioned staff, band,
drum and bugle corps and Companies A,
There will be a regimental drill and
The seashore or mountains will find in
Camelline. an effective and refreshing'pre
ventive against the effects of sunburn and
poison oak. Indorsed by the medical pro
fession. At all druggists.- •
WILL HAVE DRILL
ON THE AVENUE
Indies Visiting
A grand ball will be given by the Gold
en Gate Orchestra at Cotillion Hall, 1310
Polk street, Friday, April 26.
The confirmation oftMaster Sydney Wie
ner, son of Mr. and Mrs. Marks Wiener,
will take place on Saturday, April 20, at
the Temple Emanu-El. He will receive
Sunday, April 21, from 2 to 5 o'clock, at
their residence, 935Vfc Jackson street.
A grand fair and exhibition will be held
at the Verein Eintracht Hall from April
18 to 21, under the auspices of the ladies
of the Verein Eintracht. A ball will bring
the entertainment to a close.
The Society of Old Friends will have a
grand outing at Glen Park this day and
evening. There will be dancing.
Miss Minnie Webster and Bernard J.
Joseph will receive their friends on Sun
cay, April 21, between 2 and 5 o'clock
p. m., at 602 Van Ness avenue.
Personals.
Mrs. A. Shaen has discontinued her day
at home during the summer months.
John E. Lonergan, the millionaire brass
manufacturer cf Philadelphia, and Will
iam Lonergan, a clothing merchant of.
Massachusetts, are registered at the
Grand Hotel. Mr. Lonergan Is the brother
of George M. Lonergan of the firm of
Goldberg. Bowen & Co. While In the city
they will be the guests of Mr. and Mrs.
George" B. Horner, 2226 California street.
Mrs. Bertha Bamberger and daughter,
Miss Leonie Kuls, have returned from a
six months' trip through the Eastern and
Southern States.
Mrs. A. Axelrod and child of Vacaville,
Cal., have returned from a visit to Hol
land and Paris.
Miss Celia Pechner will leave for Fresno
the 15th of April on a visit to her sister,
Mrs. L. H. Levy.
Miss Harriet Levy will be at home Tues
day,-April 16, at 1509 Steiner street," prior
to her departure for Europe.
Miss Ethel Jerome, daughter of Colonel
E. B. Jerome, is spending her Easter va
cation in New- York, visiting Colonel
Stevens' family.
Philip L. Bush has gone East to repre
sent the California Fruit Canners' Asso
ciation at the Buffalo exposition.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Asher have re
moved from 1315 Gough street to 140G
Buchanan street, where they will be"
pleased to receive their friends.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Greer Harrison have
given up their apartments at the Ply
mouth and are now residing at 2423 Broad
way.
Mr. and Mrs. A.* P. Giannini of this city,
accompanied by their son Mario, have
left Los Angeles for the Hotel del Coro
nado. They have been touring the south
for several weeks past.
Misses Hattie and Eva Jacobs have re
moved from 1042 Golden Gate avenue to
1632 Post street.;where they will be pleased
to receive their friends.
Sol Rosendorn of 1634 Post street has
Just recovered from a severe illness' of
several months' duration and has gono
with his wife to Howell Mountain, Napa
County, for several weeks' rest.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Huguenin will leave
shortly for a European trip, to be gona
six months.
• Miss Laura Conway left on Wednesday
last for San Diego, where-she will remain
all summer. .
Greenfield and J. Mendel.
They're Engaged.
IN SOCIETY
OCIETY has had a merry week
/T of It, and the wedding bells
( V/\y\ have rung out often p and mer
spZ^^J Th« outlook for the week to
" """^ come Is equally brilliant, and
there axe Invitations out for all
ecrts of affairs for every one of the next
six days.
The members of the Entre Nous Cotil
lon will give an assembly and german
next Friday evening, April 19. at the Pal
ace Hotel.
The cards out for the tea to be given
by Mrs. Giselman, 1720 Golden Gate ave
nue, on Tuesday, April 16. have been re
called on account of the sudden death of
Charles Lange, father-in-law of Mrs.
Gi6elman's daughter, Mrs. William A.
Lunge.
Wunsch, Miss Alma Petersen and Miss
Annie Sweeny.
A dinner was tendered to John Becker
Sunday evening, April 7, at a downtown
restaurant previous to his departure to
Japan. Those present were: A. Schim
mel. E-. P. Burhans. Frank Schmitt. H.
Gunty, W. Purtman A. Schilling, J. Jorg
ens, J. Roethel, F. Suner, A. Brenner, F.
X. Burhans, C. Albrecht. J. Willlges,
Charles Free, H. Schaub, H. Dombrink,
J. Joesten, P. Conans.
Mrs. E. G. Snow entertained the board
of directors of the Pacific Ensign at her
country seat, Ramoth, in Mill Valley,
Friday of last week.
In the Future.
At the first grand concert and ball given
by the Musketeers this Sunday evening
April 14, the following talent will appear:
Miss E. Peters, M. Kamlin, Solomon C.
Davis, J. Casad, Phil and Karl, Miss T.
The wedding .of Miss Carrie Frank and
Leon Morgen will take place to-day at
noon at 2425 Flllmore street.
ilr. and Mrs. Richard Munk announce
the engagement of their daughter Frieda
to W. J. Plagemann, son of Mr. and Mrs.
John C. Placemann.
The marriaee of Miss Gface Gummer,
daughter of Mrs. S. P. Gummer, and Rob
ert Earl Reid, whose engagement has
been heretofore announced, will take place
the 20th inst.
Wedding Bells.
The marriage of Herman Goldstein, son
of Rev. S. Goldstein of this city, and Miss
Eva Solomon, daughter of L Solomon, a
pioceer resident of this city, was solemn
ized Sunday at 6 p. m., March 31, by the
Rev. S. Goldstein, assisted by the Rev. L.
Cohen of Oakland. The ceremony was
performed at the Union Square Hall and
was witnessed by a. large number of rela
tives and friends. The couple were united
under a silken canopy according to the
orthodox laws of the Jewish religion. The
bride looked very pretty in her beautiful
white organdie gown, made princess style
«md trimmed with duchess lace. Her bou
quet was of lilies of the valley. Louis
Kohler of Omaha. Nebr.. acted as best
man and Miss Virginia Cohen as brides
maid. After the ceremony the invited
suests, who numbered 100 couples, sat
down to a sumptuous repast. Louis Koh*
ler of Omaha, Nebr., acted as toastmaster.
Speeches were made by Messrs. M. Sena,
G. Adler of Mobile, Ala., and J. Arden
Conway of London. The father of the
groom. Rev. S. Goldstein, sang several
beautiful ballads, and songs were also ren
dered by Joe Goldstein and Julius Gold
stein. After the repast the guests repair
ed to the main hall, where dancing was
in order. The presents were numerous
and costly. The groom's gift to the bride
was a pair of emerald ¦ earrings sur
rounded with diamonds. Mr. and Mrs.
H. Goldstein left on the Monday morning
train for Del Monte and Coronado Beach
and will be away a month. Upon their
return they will reside in this "city.
Home Gatherings.
A very enjoyable dinner party" was
given last Sunday evening at a down
town restaurant by Mr. L. Van Laak.
Among those present were: Mrs. L. E.
Allen, Mrs. M. Beardsley Burns, Miss M.
G. Allen, Miss Mersey Beardsley and Mr.
F. P. Duley.
Mrs Kerwln of the Presidio entertained
a party of friends at the home of her
father. Colonel Girard, in honor of Miss
Mae Sadler, on Thursday evening of last
week.
Miss Clara M. Wunsch of South San
Francisco gave a very pleasant afternoon
tea recently tn her friends in honor of
her birthday. Those present were: Mrs.
Roy J. Burns. Miss Flora Wunsch. Mrs.
Sweeny, Miss Male Staley, Mrs. M.
H. M. Jarvis of Philadelphia, according
to the Colfax Sentinel, has purchased a
Tbe National Bulletin reports that there
will be considerable mining this year on
Mill Creek. Plumas County, south of
Quincy, where a Portuguese company will
work. Near La Porte the owners of the
Claybank and the Thistle shaft are busy
in mining work.
Operations at Moll Creek.
The Confidence Gold Mining and Mill
ing Company proposes to acquire In Tuo
lumne County the Confidence quartz mine
arid mill site, the Independence quartz
mine, the Jessie and Edith quartz mines
and other properties, as set forth in arti
cles filed in the office of the Clerk of Tuo
lumne County.- The directors are Mau
rice Schweetzer, Alexander J. Hamilton
S. Sllverberg, K. J. Turner , and '¦ Frank
Quisling. , •
The Mokelumne River two miles from 'Wallice
is the scene of active operations in mining: this
spring. On the Colonel Holman ranch a wealthy
syndicate has a- gravel -proposition, one of the
largest in the State, that is run by electricity
and is proving quite profitable. A long flume
carries the water to the pay gravel and a steam
shovel dumps the gravel mixed with black sand
on a leather belt. The flume carries 2600 inches
of water. The ¦ steam pumps are among- the
largest used on the Pacific. Coast. The com
pany has a large force of men at work.
The Amador Democrat says:
Fifty men are now employed . at the
Sheep Ranch mine, in Calaveras County.
All the machinery .with the exception of
the hoisting engine is -being run by elec
tric power from the Utica Mining Com
pany's power-house near Murphys. • '
Once more .the lost Peg Leg mine is dis
covered. The present alleged discoverer is
T. M. Shaw, who tells the San Diego
newspaper men that he has traced the
ledge sixty feet, that the width of It is
twenty-five feet and that it is rich.
The Treka Journal reports *hat the Oak
Bar Mining Company, in Siskiyou County
has started up in full force with giants;
under the supervision of William Ban
nister. Portland men are back of the
enterprise. The miners, at the head of
Greenhorn are pushing work energetical
ly. •. S. Osborne has been prospecting in
the hills west of Yreka and has brought
in specimens of quartz containing gold.
: The Merced Star says that James Wal
ler of Plainsburg has sold his copper mine
to Mr. Darling of San Francisco for $15 -
000. A tract of 160 acres is embraced in
the sale. The property is situated one
mile north of tne White Rock schoolhouse,
in Mariposa County, and fifteen miles
from Le Grand, which is the shipping
point. The new owner is expected to de
velop the property largely.
Mining in Siskiyou.
According to the Bridgeport Chronicle-
Union an option on the Sayre mine, in the
Patterson district, has i een taken by J. J.
Phelan, formerly Secretary of State of
Connecticut. A. new road will be con
structed to the mine. Phelan is also inter
ested, in another Mono County property,
the Arnotmine, near Bridgeport. •
D. Jarvis tells the btockton Independent
that he , hopes . to find suitable water at
Stockton upon which to construct gold
dredgers. Work will begin soon on three
large dredgers to be used to dreuge for
gold on the Feather River, each of which
will cost $80,000. Four dredgers will also
be constructed for a Galveston firm.
; -Theminesof Trinity, says the- Redding
Free Press have shaken off the grip of
winter, an«j nearly all those not in the
highest altitudes are now at work. The
Brown Bear mine, which was closed down
some time ago because of the condition of
the roads, has reopened. The Last Chance
ditch has been cleaned out and the water
has started to flow through it. The La
Grange Company, whose properties are
near Weaverville, has started up after a
disastrous winter, in which nineteen slides
crashed through the ditch, some of which
carried away whole sections.
There are 250 hydraulic mines on the
watersheds of the Sacramento and San
Joaquln valleys that have a right to op
erate. • ¦ Last year thirty-seven, permits
,were granted. .There have been issued 397
permits under the Caminetti law to date."
The Inyo Independent reports that about
thirty men are employed in the Rewarv.
mine and enough ore is taken out In de
velopment work to keep a ten-stamp mill
running. The Eclipse mine is sinking a
shaft. Anderson & Niebecker, Barnes &
Mclvor and the- M. & W. Company are
working steadily. The Montezuma mine
: ls a constant shipper of lead .ore.
Hydraulic Mines.
Amador 6, Butte 7, Calaveras 7, Plumas 15,
Sierra 12, Yuba 10, El Dorado 9, Nevada 11,
Placer 10, Shasta 7, Tuolumne 2.
From two sources come accounts of
rich strikes of gold. One of these Is re
ported to have been made at Yankee Hill,
above Columbia, where an old-time pit
at the depth of thirty-five feet developed
a gravel deposit which' was eighteen,
inches deep and ten feet wide. The local
papers say that 512,000 was taken out in
a short time and that the deposit is un
doubtedly large. Many ' years ago the
former owners of the claim sank a shaft
to within four feet of where the channel
was and then quit. The other strike is
reported to have been made near the Cal
ifornia line in Josephine County, ' Oregon,
near Kirbysvllle. In this instance a man
was fishing- and saw what seemed to be.
shining gold in. the bed of the stream
near the bank. He returned home and
procured a : pick and shovel to prospect
and discovered an eight-foot ledge, which
has yielded $10,000. .The find is In the
Siskiyou Mountain foothills.
The Jenny Lind mine in Nevada Coun
ty, which was once well known as a gravel
proposition until it was shut down by rea
son of the North Bloomfleld decision, will
now be worked for quartz. Millwrights
and laborers are getting ready to place a
ten-stamp mill, which was recently pur
chased from the Gold Point Company.
Two tunnels have been driven into the
hill, one being In 1250 feet and tapping the
quartz ledge at a depth of 200 feet from
the surface and the other 250 feet, cutting
the ledge at a depth of 400 feet.
The California Debris Commission since
last November has received reports from
ninety-five hydraulic mines, situated as
follows: .
Progress of Hydraulic Mining oa
Watersheds Reported— Ore Prop
. erties Continue to . Find
; Ready Purchasers. ',
River Channels and Ledges
Yielding Up Hidden
Treasure.
STRIKING GOLD
IN NEW GROUND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SUNDAY, APRIL .14, 1901.
26
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Dr, & Mrs. TRAVERSE,
.DERMATOLOGISTS.
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or scar. Wrinkles removed with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow on
bald heads. - Hours 1 to 4 p. m. • Evenings by
appointment. Donohoe bidg., 1170 Market St..
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-29, S. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream, 50c; Brahman Tooth Powder, 25c. All
druggists. Large stock always at J. S. Potts"
Drue Co. ....
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily.
Leave Market-S.treet Ferry Depot,
¦ ¦' '' Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
". Dally. Dally, Dally. Dally,
3Uv, San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a SiMp 4:20 p
Ar, Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
•' Merced ,. 12:25 p Iil7p 1:1a a. .,,..,
*' Fresno... 2:20 p 2i35 p 3:05 a _,
" Hanford... 4:23 p 9i27 p 7jO6 a . , „
" Vlsalla ,. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:13 a !
" Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p| 6:05 a ...
" Bksfield.. 6:60 p 6:20 p 7:30 a „"
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a '
" Chicago . I ,...|2:15p 9:00 p ....,.„
a for morning, p for afternoon,
9:00 a. m. train la the California Limited '
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago, Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld fer accommodation o{ local
first-class " passengers, No secend-clasa
tickets are honored en thia train. Corre-
sponding train arrives a.% SiSS p. m daily
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local, Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a, m, dally -
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
. Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno, Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p, rn, daily
7:20 a, m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley, Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a, m, dally
Offices— 641 Market street and -in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; Ills Broadway Oak-
land.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via SansaUite Ferry— Foot of Market Si
f;«P.U:l WEEK DATS f *»'•*
J : -S? P - S"i SUT overnl «l>t»ttheiAvxa!i li^ 35 *Z
™t£ SUXBATS { HI*-
, 1:13p.m.) | £§££
¦im v F ? r A-~* nFrMeIse< > toSlnBB «l'*a<> Return. $1.40. .
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & Sauaalito Ferry,
a£ 1 ? £ m -' Mo°day» and Thursdaya.
Aw'-m2S^"£ :^ S: m " rnesaa -y» «>d Fridays.
v™, rk -c 3:3 ? P ~ n - Tuesdays & Fridays.
¦4 You can use Santa Fe, Bock Island, Burlln?-
.*°° ™\p n! «P Pfclflo excursions to connect with
f^P^kcuTar?" 1 Car8 -" ta * Ulre of yonr »^ nt
\ ROSS C.-CLXNB, P. C. P. Agt
r»'o «^.,~.* I*« Angwlei, CaL
C B. CRANE, O. P. Art,
Wabash
Tourist Cars
291 Hours.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
.Via Sausallto Ferry.
'- Commencing September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILLVALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. - x
WEEK DATS— «:55, »9:l5, 11:00 a. m. »1-4S.
3:15. 4:00, .6:15, *«:15,.6:40 p. m.
EXTRA. TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael - on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satnr
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. tla^
SUNDAYS— «8:00. *10:00, "11:30 a. m. n-lS.
3:15. «<:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m. - =«.... "X.1S,
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
- WEEK DATS-6.-20, *6:30, ;7:43, 9:30 a, m/
•12:30,1:45. *3:S0, 4:30, 6:20 p. m. ?£\Z'
EXTRA TRIPS on - Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m .
SUNDAYS— 6:20, *8:00, »10:00, ni:45 " a, m_'
•1:40. »2:15, 4:45. 4 6:30 p.' m. " "•" *
Trains marked •(•) start from San Quentln.
from mill Valley to san francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43, 6:45, 7.65. 9:30 a. m."
12:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54, 6:20 p! m. •">••"" '
BTXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05, »:15. |-80.'
5:00, 6:45 p. m. ¦ • r-^,...«u,
" THROUGH TRAINS, t^t^l-
6:55 a. m. j week days — Cazadero and wtr-
statlons. .-¦ • •¦• •.-•}../ t ¦- ¦ .. .-¦ w .
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and Way
stations. : ¦¦ ¦ . . -' -
8 - a. m. Sundays— Tbmales and way «t»-
tlons. ,
CAUFOBHI IORTHHSTEHI BY. 01
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PttfFlC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market Sfc
San Franeisett t* Sab Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35, S30.
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thorsdaya — Extra, trtp at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ax 1:50 »"^
11:30 p. m. • •
SUNDAYS — 8:00, »:20, U:00 a, m.| 1M> t-M*
IM, «:20 i>.m. • -<:
Sam Rafael t» Sam FiwelWb
WEEK" DAYS-«:10, 7:60. »:20» U:10 a- m.; 13:4^
8:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at lib
¦ and 6:85 p. m.
SUNX>ATS— 8:10. »:<0. n:19 a. m.: lv«. S:tt.
y 5^)S. 6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Scbnetzeo Park.
game schedule aa atxyve.
Leave J In Effect J Arrlre
San Franclaco. [April 15, 190L f San Franclaco.
Week I Bun- I I San- I Week
Day*. I daya. | Destination. I days. 1 Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 ami. Novato, 19:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:08 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 8:00 pmf Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 1:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 up. Windsor. 10:25 anx
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
S:S&pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
7:80 ami I Hopland I 110:25 am
3:30 pm[ 8:00 am] and TJklah. f 7:35 pm| 8:22 pm
7:30 am : " (10:23 am
8:00 am Gueraeville. 7:35 pm
I'Jtimi j <:I2pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I »:13 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm GI«3 Ellen. 6:05 pm (:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami (10:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pmf SebastopoL ] 7:33 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and Wnlte Sulphur Springs-
at Lytton for Lytton Sprrngrs; at
Geyserville for Skagrs Spring; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springrs. Highland Springs. .Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springrs. Soda. Bay. Lakeport and Bartiett
Springs: at Cklah for Vlcny Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.^Buckneirs.
Sanhedrin Heights. HuUrllle. Orr's Hot Sprlnjra,
Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westnort. ITsal.
WHletts. LaytonvUle. Cummings. Bell's Srnlngs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
H. C. WHITING. Gen. pSI A^t.
General Manaser.
Piiilii®iliiiiiiiis|i
¦g&M-'V QUICKSILVER /^^-
MINING COMPANIES,
SAH BEHITO CO. AND SANTA CLARA CO.
H| Buys 2 ¦ SKARES
ONE IN EACH MINE. PAR VALUE IS $1 PER SHARE.
Thousands of tons of rich ore already mined and developed. '
Money from sales of stock will be used in the construction" of
Scott Furnaces immediately. . ¦-
Dividends \vill be paid as soon j as furnaces are ' in good working or-
der— undoubtedly in less' than 4 months. . ' ,..-•'
Our mines are adjacent to mines that have already ' produced" over
$100,000,000 worth of quicksilver. - , . .:.
We 6wn over 500 acres. U. S. ; Patent, and, have necessary. buildings
tools, engines, teams and mining machinery;. also have 1000 cords "of
wood cut for the furnaces.' . . -
AVe guarantee to pay all assessments; if any, for five years.
Let us show you these. mines and judge for yourself.
H. B* BBADFOBD, President and General Manager,
7 North Market Street, San Jose. ;
Prospectus at Branch Office,' 209 Sanscme Street^ San Francisco.
H. !?/ COFFIN and r-TJEPREITAS, Agents."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Just a little better
than any other train
— a little better ser-
vice— a mere home-
like feeling on the
California
Limited
than you find else-
where, .>and It runs
like this:
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
O:OO sum !3kIo,Tu IWelThlFrllSatl Su
AE1UVES AT CHICAGO
2:15 p.m iTh [FrilSatlSu'.MojTu [YTe
75 hours to Chicago
on the
Santa Fe.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* l.«>. ««.• are <lu* to arrtv* mt
MAM riCANt.'IMCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
UUTB — FBOM ATZTL lj 1301. — ABaiTB
~:S«a Denici*. SuUun, Elmlr*. V*caim«.
Kumsey uid a»crauionto. ......... 7t99r
7:8Oa DaTla, Woodland. Knights L»n<Un».
MaryjTilla. OrofiUa. 7i53i>
7i30* Atlantic Kxpreai— Oeien and East 12:23r
8:«o a Martluex, Sau icamuii. Vailejo. Napa,
i'aliatc.gaaiKlrUut* Ko«» «r23p
S.-ooa Lirermore, Stockton, Hauford. Ylaa-
1U, forrertllid 4^Up
8:00a MI>.«, Lathrop. Merced. JWno, Ba-
kn»ti»ld 4iS3r
• 8:30a Shasta Eipiew— Datla, Williams (for
Bartiett SprinssX Willowa, Rod
Bluff, Portland. 7iB3*
SilOA Sku Joae, Livermoia, Btookton.
lone, Sacraiiiento, FlaeerflU*.
M»rj«»Ule. C'hlco. Uwl Bluff 4iSSr
SiSOa Oakdalp, Chinese (Yosemlte). 80-
nora.Cartera 4tS3r
PiOOa Hajwarda, Nlles and Way Statlona. ll:S3i
9i««a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Traey, Latbrop, rttookton, Msreea
Fresno and Los Angeles 7i59a
9i8*a Vallfjo. Martlnex and Way Stations BtOSp
IOiVOa Th« OrerUnd limited— Ogden. D«n-
¦»er, Omaha. Chicago Oi33r
? l:««r S»or»nii!nfi» Jtlt or Stannien . tSiOOA.
a:30r HaywinlK. Niles and Way Stations. 7:33r
S:8Or Port Costa. Martinez Lathrop, Msr-
oed ; BerencU ( Yoaemi:e), Kresao™ 7i23 r
4i«Or Ili-uicia. Winters, ilaoraiuanto.
WooillaiMl, KnlKhts LauJiuf.
M»rys»llle, Orovllle IOiSSa
4iO«r Martluez. Mau Ramon, Vallsjo,
Nap», (,'itlhtoKa. .Santa Rosa »i93a.
4H>«p NII911. llTermore. Stockton. Lodl... IO^Sa
-liUiHr H»yw*rJs. Kllea Ban.lune,IjT«rmoi« f8:S3A
S:VOp The Owl Limited— Tracer, Stockton.
Fresno, lUkorsUalil. tiaugua fox
Baiita Barbara, Los Angeles ...... 8:35 1.
6:«0p Bajwards, Hilea and tiau Jose 7;3.i»
f8:OOr Vallejo H:.%5 4
llidlir Oriental Blail— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:23r
fliOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denter,
Omaha, Chicago. 4:£3r
7 :*Or Oregon and California ICxpresa.Mao-
rniuento. M»ry»vlllo. JCmMlug.
l'ort I -tml, Pnget Houiitl ami Kast S:13A-
I'MfSin Pablo, Port Costa. MarUne*
and Way StaUoDS 11:55a
t«f 3p VallBlo 7;33?
COAST LINK (Sarrow <Jauge).
(Knot o( M:»rk»t Street.)
fJi lu Santa t'tuzEicursiou to eiaata Croz
and Principal Way Stations *9:03r
S<iaaNenark.U«nterTille,SanJose.ir<<lton,
\ Boulder G'rcek.Sauta Urux and W ay
f ¦ Stations 5:3»r
fStl Bp Newark, C'antertille. San Joss, New
Almailen, b'olton, limilder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'rlnclpal Way
Stations tlO:.1ltA
4j18p Newark. San Joae, Los Gatos { iiol^Si
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frsmSlI railOISCO— r>*t •( Mtrkst Slr«.t(31i? 8)—
17:15 S:00 11:00a.m. 1:00 3:03 S:l8r.M.
rrtaOilLlIO— Utlttltttimj.— IB-.00 td;0O t3;03
10:O0a.ii. H:0Q 8:03 i:03 r.u.
COAST! LINE (Rroait «ana;e).
'.'¦ (Third and Townsemi St^.)
% 1 0A South Man FranoUcn, Palo Alto.... Miaop
17:0»A Hail Jose and War Stations Ii8»p
/7K»WA New Alinaden. ,. / l(30r
t7tlSA Sunday Exenisioo for San Joae.
Santa Cms, Padflo Grors and
Principal Way Statlana. {SiSOt
«:OOa Coast Line Limited. San Jose, Gilroy,
Saliuaa, Paso Kobles, San Lnla
ObJspo, Lompoo, Santa Barbara,
LosAngeles 10:43i>
»iA)Oa Bau Jo»e.. Trea Ptnos. Santa Crux.
Faeide Gro*«, Hallnaa, Ban Lids
Obiapo and Prindsal lutetmedlat*
StaH.ms. 4:10r
IOiSOa San Jc«e and Way SUtlons- 7;3»s»
I IiSUa Ban Joss and Way Stations ........ BtSOy
. fS>4Sr Saa Mateo, Itedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jot*.
Ties Plnoa. Sauta Crna, BaUaaa.
Monterey and PaeiAe Grave...... flOrfllA
fliSvr gin Jose and Way Stations S:3Oa
I |4:I«p Ran Jose&nd Principal W»y Stations «:12a
04t43r Sunset Limited— El Paso. Naw Or-
leans and East. „... clOtlSA
f3:9«p San Jose, Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations J9:03a
8i3»p San Joae and Principal Way Station* • :36 4
•tS0p San Joas and WayatatioBS fSiOOA
7s«Oy New Orleana Express, San Joss,
Sante Barbara, Los Angeles. Dom-
ing. El Paso, New Orleans and East 7 «©• a
vsOOy Del Monte, Monterey, Paoiflo Giore,
Lompoo lOi-tSp
allt43p San Jose and Way Stations 7iS0r
..AforMorBint; P for Afkanaoa.
t Bnnday exeepted. \ flmday only.
yWednesdajs. . / Tuesdays and XHdays.
f Snadan. a Saturday on!j.
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
*ADVEETISEMENTS.
I 6£ LydiB Ea Pmkh®m's ¥®$jei®lbi® Compound i
I Cured me Absolutely* 1
fjj "^ female weakness, and the torture and pain I suffered no K|
|lj Ji9!?^ tongue can tell. I never spent one week in the ten years that I was free &|
*M . r?5& ' — * £5?^^ from pain. My trouble was inflammation and congestion of the womb. |?£
|S wIsP «m I When I commenced to take your remedy I had been bedfast for some g
iH '^i time under the treatment of two of the best physicians in Illinois without Ej
¦HI l«^*«v^W^ v<1^^r?%. receiving any help. You can imagine the benefit I derived from Lydia B
HI / < 3gv^j5?\$^> f^H)A@^ Pinkham's Vegetable Compound when I tell yo*j that I have gained E
H VTn^^urruVvl^^w^ forty pounds and am well— a thing that I never dared to expect."— |
"Si!vv^\\!^^\\\\\\\VUl^ Mrs * C * E * Foland, 1356 Boonville St., Springfield, Mo. g*
v<^§L f/AvZH/n I ) if (1 Backache is a* forerunner and ono of the most §|
/Jl/lili I Iff common symptoms of Kidney trouble and womb |||
¦^ lW ////fill I 'lit • displacement, which are invariably prevented
3»flf cured by Lydia £*« Pinkham's Vegetable Com*
ddfwuffiS'^Nfe-'^lvF^^ pound* Head Hffiss Stevenson^s letters pf!
¦ J^m^^^^^^^^k "Dear Mrs. Pinkham:— Your Vegetable Compound has worked wonders |.a
/^^M^M^^^^^^^^^Mi w^th me. I was a great sufferer with ulceration of the womb, had such backaches
and bearing-down pains that it required a great effort to do a small amount of fr||
my k° useft °lcl duties. " Since taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, ||j
J^^^§^^^^^^»^^^^ I arn a^le to do all my own work and feel like a new woman. Your Sanative jjSa
,^^^^^^^^^^^^g!^| " I cannot say enough in behalf of your remedies. I heartily recommend Kg
'^^^^^^ffi^^^^^^ them to all suffering women." — firs. F. C. Eazley, 724 Fourth Avenue, ||j
llfll Don't make the mistake of trying to overcome S
backache by heroic endurancew Tfaora is always |
something serious causing this . trouble* Vfriio to ||
Mrsm Pink foam sSsout it. Her address is Lynn, Mass. ¦ |
'iSvpil^^^^^^l firs. Henry Qalteau, 1825 Charles^St.,' La Crosse, Wis., writes:
p^^ |^^^^^^^^pH "Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — When I first wrote to you for advice I was in a m
very bad condition with falling of the womb, backache and bearing down. fi|
l^^uill v^^^ra^^^k Could not stand five minutes. I followed your advice strictly and have used E-
se^e* 1 bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, two of Blood K
Purifier and four packages of Sanative Wash and am now perfectly well." t
VEGETABLE HKl nlll m tionedthegenuinenes3cf t the t tMtin^nS M
WMMYP^^^^rt^^»^^^AiW3 f*f}fa7£3&itg>*Jn BjJaf I M HJS I Jm letters we are constantly publishing, we El
MM^^^$^WiW¥-^^M$^ GUImF'UUa'iJU >l©f XsBir \&P \®/ have deposited with the Katloaal Citv H
f*MBE9ES'€£ Bank, of Lynn, Mass., $5,000, which wil} E^I
y«f^^^^^^ra8S|^^mKKMHI I *»8L7iriJ£«» be paid to any person who will show that the above testimonials are not Jgi
P3£KSGsrx23^«i^^eSllS?iW^3^J^sW nn&tit<rm/%lllir- genuine, or were published before obtaining the writers' special penaitsiaa.-^ Bj
«« £?«/!€?«£» LvdiaE.PinkhXmMedicinbCo., Lynn, Mass. g|
a >^?&b French
H $*£~ M Straight-
1 V TADCCTC
3 MJWik Sapphire,
¦* /I'T^^^l Bon Ton *
I /i|t | I Royal
0 flJLi Ji l\ Worcester
| $1.00 to $15.00 a Pair.
0 Cor$et Fitting; Parlors.
H A few ralrs of Sample High-Grade Cor-
(I sets for sale at half price.-
§ CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
h 6 GEARY ST., cor. Kearny.
\CHICACO I
'"LESS tlK "i
THREE DAYS
San Francmeo At 70 A, M.
Chicago. Union' Pacific
e-Nortk-fVestern Line
I J Cars, Buffet, SmoMig *ndUbrZr%
• M -^ Cars, xaith iariir. Dicing Carl—
mi ah *l* cart*. Daily Tourist Qtr
Strvut and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every week Jirom San Francisco
at 6 p. tn. The best of everything.
jr. «. n it en ib
617 Market St. (Hneral Agent Paetjlo Ctxut
jflkEvery Woman
vnA u iaterettedand should know .,
iSRlIiiffl^RVEL Whirling Spray
VtNM-r^V? 1 lie new »«fln»l PjrU~. Injec*
X^gggpjS'^^few^est-jMost Convenient.
M *k Ttsr 4fv j nitl Tot it*
WAlTvj5uac?? l7th * >ly3tjj%v:*£f ' — "***"
ether, bat send «ump for fflns- -
tratfd book — »»U4. Itclresfnll Xut&JBifrftS*
S03 Mlaelon «t.. San Francisco. (
g/Complexion Powders
22 j mnorei all blemlibet, protects, miwiim B
§3/ «nd impart, to the •kin th«r<««>.Ju?coUr fig
J3T ud ••tanii contains no Jn)nrioo« «ob- B
JW Miiiri wbmtever. « o common i n i mi t*±lor * Rs
H «J£j»P fe'™5 > Box We. M
8 Women of refinement who regard healthful H
it] cooking as a paramount duty; good cooks, 9
p leading clubs and hotel chefs, and cooking B
jy authorities everywhere earnestly recommend KJ
m Wesson's Salad Oil as better value than B
H the most delicately flavored Imported Olive M
pi Oil and costs very much less. Send for book- H
19 let, which contains exceptional recipes, by fcl
rj IidaAmesWIllis,NationalFoo<iWrit<T,Lec- In
ja turer and Demonstrator; Mrs. S. T. Rorer, H
|l Principal Philadelphia Cooking School; A. KJ
B Mantz, Steward and Manager Rittenhouse n
r| Club, and other valuable information free. L3
li Ask your friendly grocer for Wesson's Oils B
Sand avoid unhealthful cooking fats. m
6 Times Across
The Continent.
I have crossed the
continent six times,
over different roads,
but never had a more
pleasant or enjoyable
trip than this last over
your road. Everything
you agreed to perform
was fulfilled to the
letter.
Amos Marvin.
The Burlington Overland Excursions |
lave San Francisco every Tuesday
evening and every Thursday morn-
ing — Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City,
St. Louis— EVERY WHERE East.
frjjgffjgEggg] Ticket Office,
lilflflHlIUlMlfJ Market Street,
l&£PP£w8£«l W " Sanborn,
IssSilJlUii'gsll General Agent.
|KjjbbAm3KS1 San Francisco.lowed -was all that lovers 'of the whirl
could desire. ,¦?.; ». •» . f .
The Elks?.
• The new officers of San Francisco Lodge
were installed on, the 5th inst: ; in the pres
ence-of a large number of members. The
new officers' will work hard: to, advance
the • ledge, and as Exalted- Ruler ; Dunne
urges the entertainment | of members and
the ladies,: ladies* night will.be in, order
this term. The members .will help- the of
ficers to the end that the membership on
the 1st of next April shall- be 5pO. Several
prominent members of the lodge have or
ganized, a "Once a .Month Club," but no
one but the fourteen members composing
it know its objects. J. P.- Dunne is.presi
derit. The pedestrian 'annex will resume
its strolls next. month. Phil Bolger, the
president of the annex, has - fully - recov
ered from his late illness. Past Exalted
Ruler Colonel Howell attends the-meet
ings occasionally. Esteemed Leading
Knight Carigan is an ideal, officer, ! and
W. H. Kent, esteemed: lecturing -Knight,
is starting' the new term by presenting
two; applications. ' -". '
Judge Hetbard of San Francisco Lodge
No. 3 left for .Honolulu with Grand Ex
alted Ruler. Fisher. . ..
On the evening of last Tuesday C. L.
N Ruggles of the Stockton Independent, one
of the most popular Elks of Stockton
Lodge and for a term its very energetic
and enthusiastic ruler, was, through Gus
G. Grant, on behalf of the lodge, : given
an evidence of the high esteem in which
he is held by his fellow, members. Th's
was in the presentation of a handsomo
oak' chest, containing fifty-two pieces of
solid ' silver, embracing knives with pearl
handles, forks, spoons and fancy- pieces,
all.Gf the famous Louis XV, pattern. ;" On
the chest was the inscription, "Stockton
Lodge, 218, B. P. O. E., to C. L. Ruggles,
Exalted Ruler." Speeches were also mado
by Colvin B. Brpwn and H..D. Hansen.
The Native Sons.
Sea Point Parlor of Sausalito has elect
ed as its delegates to the Grand Parlor
William R. Milton and Gus H. Kilborn.
After the election the parlor had a smoker
and a jolly good time for the members
and visitors. -; « -- . ••;-?¦
ti C. H. Turner "and Henry.' Lichesteln
have been elected delegates to the Grand
Parlor from Alcatraz Parlor. This parlor
was . recently visited officially by Grand
Trustee Radcliffe; and an interesting and
instructive evening was spent.
The grand officers have completed their
tours of official visitations. • . . *¦ "- ¦ . '¦
Grand Secretary Lunstedt and Grand
Treasurer Martin ,paid a visit: last week
to tho parlor in Petaluma. . .
Woodmen of the World.
Golden Gate Camn has :tsr twelve hun
dred neighbors out hunting up j new logs
to be rolled in at the Increase' meeting 1
to' be held in- Native Sons' Hall on the
night of the 22d inst. ' . . . >
Western Addition Camp last' week had
an interesting .'session. Three candidates
were initiated In the presence of Hes/l
Consul Falkenburg,- who was paying an
official visit. There were aldresses by the
head consul, Deputy .. Fenuehman, M. S.
de Rocco and others. .
A new camp of the order.' was recent
ly Instituted -by •• Special- Organizer Dr.
M. B. Estees .in Pioneer .Hall. It
is composed of ¦ a number , of -Woodmen
who took transfer : cards from Tamal pa's
Camp and new/ material... It*/ .has been
named California and. has. chosen "the fol
lowing named. as its .officers: •• J. A. Wil
son, C. C; C. H. Ruiofson, A. L.; A. G.
Page, B.; Martin Berwin, C; H. Jesser,
A. C; Laurance» Vincent,- E.; H. Baum,
A. E.; H. Ficken, watchman: . Chariea
Thierbach, S.; L. D. Cardona, D. S.
Mayers and J.\ 'A., Clav, managers. . Dr.
Estees was chosen past consul comman
der. This camp has many good -workers
and It proposes to boom. ¦ . _ , '•
Tne Knights of Honor.
The company entertainments In Yerba
Buena Lodge are ' proving ' drawing cards.
The one given last Monday by.. Qompany
A, Captain William H; Howard, was un
usually entertaining, : and from!;, the ap
plause'given must have earned; for it a
number of points. •-¦ - ¦ • : : ¦
The following standing committees of
the Grand Lodge have been announced:
W. A. S. Nicholson, R. A. Lindsay, H. K.
McLennan; finance— Louis Feiling, W. " J.
Thompson, ¦ George C. Berg;- appeals and
grie vanes— T. H. Epley, H. W. Kenshaw,
A. Whidden. ' - - ¦ ,
The ¦ proceedings . of the third biennial
(nineteenth -regular) session will be dis
tributed in a few days.. ¦ - • •>
Grand Dictator Archibald has appoint
ed all his deputies. - The followins named
are those for this city: B. E. George,
Thornqs Learned, W. H. Howard, W. . P.
Archibald, C. W. Apgar and John F.Ran.
The, degree team of Liberty Lodge, in
full regalia, initiated a number of candi
dates last Monday -in the presence of thy
grand dictator, grand v'ce. dictator, grand
reporter and the members of Yerba Buena
Lodge, who attended in a body.
The- per .capita' tax has. been fixed for
the current term. at JB. It will be payable
in April, July, October and January.
Sons of St. George.
There was a ' very : large attendance on
the nteht of the. 6th Inst. in t!ie Shiela
building on the of ' the farewell
concert given to Al Benlley, an esteemed
member of Pickwick Lodste of the Sons of
St. George." There wa» a. most enjoyable
programme contributed by, M. Lawrence,
Messrs. Kuss, Jeffrey am! Blumen, George
Hermarice, one of the little Holland sis
ters, Blanche Huste" • Percy O'Blein,
Hugh .Williamson and by. the guest of the
evening, whose comic songs delighted the
The Priest Favored the Singer.
: Signor Brlgnoli once agreed to sing a
solo at -St. Agnes' Church in New York.
He arrived late and the sermon had com
menced, but Brignoli, unabashed, leaned
over, the choir railing and tried to attract
the attention of the preacher. by shaking
his head and gesticulating wildly. At last
he yelled out In a voice that reached every
corner of the church: "Me ready for ze
sing. Stoppe ze. preach! Stoppe ze
preach!" And the priest actually cut" the
sermon short in order to accommodate the
impatient tenor, whose voice now rang out
with such fervor as to thrill the worship
ers and . justify . the sacrifice.— Chicago
Daily News.
9. The electrolytic process of extracting
iron from ore, and molding it into required
forms without fuel consumption*. . . - -"
10. The electrolytic manufacture of
aluminum and its gradual extermination
of ' copper and possibly iron;
11. A self-acting engine capable of de
riving energy from its own motion. — Syra
cuse Post-Standard. . . . .
.'5. Future developments will tend to di
minish the number oZ individuals engaged
in battle. This willbring into use a ma
chine which can be operated by the fewest
possible individuals. -
6. . The ; perfection of the telautomaton,
a machine having all Its bodily movements
controlled from a distance, without wires.
Telautomaties are applicable to any ma
chine that moves on the land, in water, or
in the air.
7. The transmission of electrical energy
through the earth vithout a wire.
- 8. .A system to draw energy from the
sun. • . •¦ .. . i '. i
: 2. Electrical production of ozone for
sterilizing' water to ria it of its many im
purities. ' . • .- -
. . 3. The manufacture of artificial food by
oxidized hydrogen. f
4. The flying machine will be a fact. It
will, not bring universal peace, as some
suppose. Some nation will rule the air as
well as the sea. - : %
- 1. A system of wireless telegraphy by
which a message can be sent clear around
the world.
Predictions of Nikola Tesla.
Excelsior Circle had. a ragtime enter
tainment in the Alcazar- last night that
was a most enjoyable affair. .The commit
tee arratiged a programme that was great
ly appreciated . and - the dance that- fol-
Live Oak Circle has extended an invita
tion to all Companions to attend.its "hard
times"; party to be 'given on the night of
the 20th inst.. An interesting programme
has been prepared. ' ,- ;..;-¦ • ','. •¦
Grand ; Trustee -Mrs. Welsel has , Insti
tuted a new circle -in Nevada City and
one In Sacramento, the latter to work in
the German language.
All arrangements • have been concluded
for the fancy domino party that is to be
given by Golden Era Circle in Pythian
Castle on- the' night of the 17th inst. •
.The grand April fool party that was
given in the Alcazar tuildlng on the night
of the 1st inst. by Lorely. Circle was a
most delightful function that - was en
joyed by the entire membership and a
large number of friends. The event was
marked by that hospitality that has al
ways characterized this circle in its busi
ness and social -relations. ' , -
American Companions.
Monterey. Is out for the session of the
Grand Court in 1902. Court Del Monte
wants to do the honors in that year.
JacoTa Label, editor of the American For
ester Review, was In Chico last week on
business connected with the' Grand Court
session. - , ,
A new court of the order was recently
instituted at- Hanford by Grand Junior
Woodward Max Grim with thirty-one
charter members.
At a meeting of the executive council
at which all the members were present a
committee consisting of . Grand - Chief
Ranger Asher, Grand Sub Chief Heenan
Grand Secretary Cordy and Grand Re
cording Secretary O'Brien was appointed
on publicity. . '. , .. >- - :
Court San Francisco will have a family
picnic at Shell Mound on the 12th of May,
and on the following Sunday Court Law
ton will have an outing under the aus
pices of the Lawton Club.
American Foresters.
Court Snelllng with twenty-eight and
Court Oil- Field with forty charter mem
bers were, recently instituted by High
Chief Ranger Boehm, the former at Snell
ing and the latter at Bakersfleld.
Court Ivanhoe had an old fashioned
smoker last week and a good programme
of entertainment.
Santa Amanda Court and Circle had a
joint social last week that was attended
by a large number of people and was
very enjoyable.
Franklin Circle, which Is progressive
and adding to its membership continually,
has arranged for a snowball the
last of the season in the Laurel Hall of
the Shiels building on the 20th Inst. A
large attendance is expected. ...
Loyal Circle received three petitions at
its last held meeting. This circle will be
come the auxiliary of Court Justice for
social events. •
The ball given by the Picnic Associa
tion was a great success. It was managed
entirely by Foresters. On the night of
the 27th the association will give another
soiree dansante. which will be managed
entirely by ladies of the local circles
California Circle, which has been ad
vancing rapidly of late, will have an en
tertainment and dar.ee on the 20th inst
Sherwood Circle will give one on the 24th
inst.
Last week Court Bohemian, Ancient Or
der of Foresters, was pleasantly enter
tained by Bohemian Circle in the Forest
ers' building. There was a pleasing pro
gramme of entertainment. and a banquet,
then a dance. .
Court Lincoln will celebrate its fifth an
niversary on the 7th of May.
Court Castle Rock is arranging for a
May day festival at Redding. Judge
Sweeney, of that place will deliver the
address of welcome.
Foresters and- Companions.
Yosemite; known as the Elite Tribe, will
give a ball, a select one, on the night of
tho 30th inst. The committee arranging
this affair is C. Granz, George H. Stein,
Dr. H. Sichel, J. Olandt and S. Goldman.
William Connelly of Pocahontas Tribe
is organizing a tribe in Santa Clara
County.
The contest by teams of different tribes
for the Great Council trophy will be in
the adoption degree.
A new tribe named Sangamore has been
instituted at Palo Alto, and SUwanee
Tribe has been instituted at Richmond.
Great Pocahontas Mrs. "Weisel recently
instituted Matamoras Council of the De
gree of Pocahontas at Sacramento.
The Insignia, the official organ of the
order, is arranging, to secure a flag to be
competed for by teams from the councils
of the Degree of Pocahontas before the
Great Council.
A new tribe . with forty-five charter
members has been instituted at Benjcla.
The degrees were conferred by teams
from this city and from Vallejo. '* ; ;.
Crocker Lodge" will give its fourth an
nual entertainment and dance on the 11th
of May. . ..- ¦ ' ' . ¦• ¦ ,
Improved Order of Bed Hen.
Yerba Buena Lodge,, A. O. U. "W., and
Forget Me Not Lodge of the D. of H.
gave an entertainment and dance in Odd
Fellows' Hall last Thursday night, which
was well attended and proved to be a de
lightful function.
The past grand masters of the order
have signified intention to "go out
nights" to assist the extension commit
tee in its. work. The San Francisco ex
tension committee will be continued and
increased, as will also the one in Alameda
County. "Like committees will be organ
ized in Los Angeles and San Jose; also in
other districts where there is an oppor
tunity for work. • .
The following named are ' the special
deputies that have been engaged by the
Grand Lodge: Walter Mailoy, R. F.
Wells, S. Severloh, J. E. Thomas, Robert
Calvfcrt and D. E. Saunders.
The extension committee of the Grand
Ledge is now composed of Grand Master
Morrison, Grand Recorder Spencer and
one member of the finance committee.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
The supreme chancellor will attend the
next session of the Grand Lodge of Cali
fornia.
A company of the Uniform Rank will
soon be mustered in at Lincoln, . Placer
County. • . . r
The grand chancellor is arranging to
visit the local lodges in a short time.
Captain J. F. Lucas has been elected
major of the First Battalion, Second Reg
iment.
The lodges of Sacramento will have a
piciiic at Auburn on the 8th of May.
Myrtle Lodge will, confer the page rank
on Tuesday next and Unity Lodge will
confer the esquire rank on next Thursday.
Garden City Lodge has arranged for a
stag party on the night of the 26th.
Knights of Pythias.
Aurora Lodge of the Knights and Ladies
of Honor, which i3 alwaj's in the lead in
the matter of entertaining, has completed
arrangements for the entertainment of
the delegates to the Grand Lodge. The
affair will take place in Union Square
Hall on the night of the 15th inst. The
committee in charge wiil v present a very
interesting and entertaining programme.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Fremont Parlor will give an entertain
ment in Union Square Hall, on- the 18th
inst. The principal feature"^vill be a
drama, followed by dancing. The com
mittee of arrangements is Miss G. Lewis,
Mrs. R. D. Bartin, Miss A. Crowley and
Mrs. G. Williams.
Grand Secretary Miss Frakes will short
ly be the guest of honor at a reception to
be tendered to her.
The masquerade party that was given
by Las Lomas Parlor last Thursday night
in Mission Parlor Hall was well attended
and was , a very pleasing function that
was directed by May Layton, chairman of
the committee on entertainment, assisted
by all the officers of the parlor. The la
dies of this parlor had engaged musicians
who did not belong. to the union, but as
soon as their attention was called to the
fact they secured union musicians, as they
did iiot desire to antagonize the union.
Darina, the Parlor of Beautiful Girls, of
the Western Addition, had a very enjoy
able calico party last Thursday night in.
Franklin Hall. The members of the par
lor looked well in simple gowns, proving
that dress is not always requisite to make
Native Daughters appear charming. The
function was directed by Lena Jarvis,'
chairman of the committee, assisted by
K. McGough, F. M. Edwards, G. Carroll,
A. Mocker, L. I Hamilton, M. Jones, the
Misses Deitz and Lacoste.
Buena Ventura Parlor has resolved Itself
Into an improvement club to' co-operate
with the Board of Trade in promoting im
provements in Ventura. It will soon give
a ball In aid of the improvement fund.
The Grand Lodge of t lie Danish Society
Danla of California, which recently held
its session In Haywardi. Alameda Coun
ty, has passed a resolution* of thanks to
the citizens of 'Haywards for their hospi
tality and courtesy and to the press of
that town. and of -San Francisco for no
tices of the meeting. . , • -
Danish Society of California,
audience beyond measurr.. After the pro
gramme there was dancing until midnight.
The following named visited the office of
the grand secretary. Miss Laura J.
Frakes, last week: Jennie Brown of Pied
mont Parlor, Mrs. H. Meyers of Alta Par
lor, Dr. Florence Temple of Darina Par
lor, Miss Noonan of Alta Parlor, Mrs.
Nixon and Mrs. Howard of Sutter Creek,
Agnes Raab of Geneva, Tillie M. Frick of
Oakland, Mr. and Mrs. Lithgow of Sutter.
On the last Thursday in March Buena
Ventura Parlor assisted the Board of
Trade of Ventura in tendering a reception
to Grand President Rust of the Native
Sons and to F. L. Coombs, grand vice
president. It was the occasion of the of
ficial visit of these officers to the local
parlor of Native Sons. The reception
was in the Rose Hotel, which was very
prettily decorated. The function was at
tended by all the prominent citizens of
the place and was very successful.
Chlspa Parlor at lone is arranging for a
festival on May 3. Dr. Mariana Bertola,
P. G. P., will deliver the oration.
A new parlor was organized in Los An
geles last week with a good charter list.-
The Uative Daughters.
The following named have been elected
officers of Manzanita Grove: M. Hernon,
N. A.; S. C. Glover, V. A.: R. D. Barton,
R. S.; E. J. Barton, F. S.; F. Fugazzi,
T.; R. Wastri, I. G.; C. de Beredotto, O.
G • J. A. Spiller, trustee for eighteen
months; V. Hatter, C; Dr. C. A. Glover,
surgeon. '
A new grove will be organized in the
Mission district next week.
In a letter to Past Noble Grand Arch
Martinoni, Supreme Arch A. M. Beckman
of St. Paul compliments the officers of the
Grand Grove of California for the excel
lent work done In behalf of the order.
Grand Arch Druidess Mrs. Thornhill
visited Golden Gate Circle last Thursday
night and will visit Modesto Circle on the
15th inst.
Last week Olympia Grove elected its
officers for the ensuing term. After the
business there was an adjournment to the
banquet hall, where the fourth degree was
conferred under the direction of Past
Arch Armstrong. There was a collation
and addresses by Henry Drews, Adolph
Paefflin and many others.
Grand Arch Druidess Mrs. Thornhill, ac
companied by Grand Secretary Miss
Bessie Fabbri, Grand Trustee Mrs. J. S.
Godeau, Grand Guardian Mrs. J. Gosch,
Mrs. Herden and Mrs. Muir and J. F.
Martinoni, P. N. G. A., a member of El
Dorado Circle, paid an official visit to
Olive Clrcla in St. Helena last week, and
they were received in the hall, which was
most tastefully decorated, the most at
tractive feature being a great bunch of
mistletoe in the center of the hall and a
profusion of caila lilies on the walls. No
ble Grand Arch Henry Lange, a member
of the circle, presided and welcomed the
visitors in a most cordial manner. One
stranger was initiated, after which there
was an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where all Dartook of an excellent supper.
At the meeting of the Past Arches' As
sociation last week five eligibles were ad
mitted to membership. The association
decided to have a high jinks during the
month of June. It was also announced
that there will be introduced new features
at future meetings under good of the or
der. The visit of this association to Gold
en Star Grove recently was a very in
teresting affair, more than fifty past
arches being present. The noble grand
arch, Henry Lange, accompanied the past
arches on their visit, and was pleased to
note so large an attendance in the hall,
there being more than 200 present.
Galileo Grove is still increasing. At the
meeting last week three applications were
received and several were promised.
The Draidic Order.
Next Tuesday night the members of the
San Francisco Cabinet will pay an official
visit to California Council, on which oc
casion J. W. Meyers, secretary of the Na
tional Union Senate, a resident of Toledo,
Ohio, will be in attendance. For the first
time in the history of the order a council
of California will receive a visit from a
grand officer. The council has arranged
for a grand entertainment and proposes to
make Tuesday a red letter night.
The entertainment given in Odd Fellows'
Hall by the National Union Social and
Literary Club, under the auspices of the
San Francisco Cabinet, last Wednes
day was another of those social
successes that have been so marked
In the past, under the supervision of W
W. Healy. E. A. Kidd, J. N. Bunting and
F. II. Hastings, the committee of ar
rangements. E. H. Hills of San Fran
cisco Council presided and directed the
production of the following programme:
Selections— (a> March, "Foxy Quiller" (De
Koven); (b) Selection "Erminie" (Jacoo
owfki): (c) Spanish dance, "La Cou
quette" (Tyres)— Sichel's orchestra; reci
tation. Miss Edna Dudley; operetta, high
ly humorous and farcical, "Cox & Box,"
by F. GL Burnand and Sir Arthur Sulli
van—Box, Alfred Wilkie; Cox, Algernon
Aspland; Mrs. Bouncer, Mrs. Emilie Par
ent; under direction of Alfred Wilkie. In
cidental music — overture; song, "Rata
plan"; duet, "Stay, Bouncer, Stay"; lul
laby, "Hush-a-By, Bacon"; song and
dance, "My Master is Punctual"; trio.
"Who Are You, Sir?"; duet, serenade,
"The Buttercup"; romance, "Three Years
Ago"; gambling duet, "Sixes"; final,
"Rataplan." Musical selection, orches
tra; Miss Donah Benrimo and . Harry
O'Neill in their Imitations.
The National "Union.
Past Patron G. W. H. Patterson of Ivy
Chapter, who, a month ago, was seriously
injured by an accident on one of the elec
tric lines, -is still confined to his home,
but is improving. It will be three weeks
before he will be able to leave his bed.
Beulah Chapter of South San Francisco
will give an entertainment on the 20th
inst. in its hall. A fine programme has
been arranged. This chapter will have
initiatory work on the 22d. »
The grand matron will visit. Oak Leaf
Chapter on the. 25th Inst. As that date
will be an anniversary of the chapter ar
rangements are being made to make the
event one to be long remembered. , "
them many words of praise. At a colla
tion that followed, the session many of
the visitors spoke in most eulogistic term*
of the Initiatory work— that of the
matron, of Adah, Martha, Esther and
Electa and of the conductress came in
for a good share of the praise. ¦ This chap
ter is one in which the best of fraternal
feeling prevails. ¦ • I
AST week Grand Master W.
N^-^ W. Watson paid an official
I vlsl t to Golden Gate Lodge
I J I I - and was received by a large
2~~[—y mem bershlp. The visiting of
r * flciaJ gave the lodge some ex
cellent advice in reeard to
the objects and the laws of the order
and also had some interesting remarks
en the subject cf the ritualistic work.
The lodge was also favored with an ad
dress by Grand Master S. Jacobs of Ne
vada and cne by ex-President Clark of
the relief committee. Then after the close
cf the work of the evening there was a
social time, the talent being members of
the lodge, with Al Steiner in the lead and
George J. Strons a pood second. !
Ccsmopolita Lx>dsre on March 27, aft
er the election of A. H. Cousins, L.
G. Schord and Thomas P. Jarvis as
representatives to the Grand Lodge, had
a stag party that was enjoyed by about
one hundred and fifty members of the or
der. There were an Introductory sp.eech
by Master of Ceremonies T. P. Jarvis,
Bongs by Charles Reid. Robert Burns, J.
Jennings, II. Hanson andA. W. Parent;
ftories by George W. Monteith and E. C
Stock, a_nd the singing of a selection from
"11 Trovatore" in ancient Italian by Kelly.
Marlowe and Hansen. The lodge fur
nished cigars.
Canton San Francisco. Captain C. H.
Kornbeck, and Canton No. 11, Patriarchs
Militant, will hold a picnic at Fernbrook
Park, Niles Canyon, in celebration of the
eighty-second anniversary of the founda
tion of Odd Fellowship In the United
States. This will be on the 26th Inst. In
addition to the usual attractions and
races there will be the conferring of the
degree of chivalry, an exhibition drill by
the cantone and an oration by Grand Mas
ter W. YV. Watson.
San Francisco Lodge is' arranging for a
grand entertainment to be given on July
6 In celebration of the golden jubilee of
the institution cf the lodge.
Grand Master Watson paid an official
visit to Presidio Lodge on last Thursday.
On the 19th inst. he will visit Sacramento,
when there will be a joint meeting of the
lodges there under the auspices of Capi
tol Lodge. On the 20th he will visit the
lodge at Pleasant Grove.
On the 6th inst. there was a meeting at
Thermalito of the trustees of the home.
There were present Grand Master W. \V.
Watson, Deputy Grand Master Nicholls
and J. "Thompson of the Fpeciai committee
en sites for a new homo This committee
Is not yet ready to report on the several
Eltee visited.
On the 20th inst. Grand Patriarch Gum
moe will, in company, with Pajt Grand
Patriarch Lord and the. degree tealm of
Occidental Encampment, visit Auburn
when the degrees will be conferred on a
large class of candidates.
Great Interest is be'ne manifested in the
encampment branch at Selma. Forest Hill,
Tracy and Placerville.
Many of the lodges in the State are ar
ranging to observe the/anniversary of the
order on the 26th inst.
In Reb^kah Lodges.
The entertaizjtnent and ball that was
given by the lodges of District No. 5 in
aid of the Orphans' Home was a mag
nificent success. Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus, whe
Is the district deputy, was frequently con
gratulated during the evening, but bhe de
clared that she alone was not entitled to
all the honors, as the "success was due to
the interest of all the members. It netted
nearly $250 for the home.
On the last Saturday night in March
Mrs. Hoxett, president of the California
Assembly, paid an official visit to Wal
halla Lodge and she ¦was greeted by an
assemblage that filled the hall. The vis
itor was accompanied by Mrs. Donoho, the
secretary; Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus, district
deputy of No. 5, and her staff, and Noble
Grand Mrs. Beckley of Oriental Lodge.
Five candidates were initiated, the work
being done in the German language in a
most creditable manner. Addresses by the
visitors and a collation followed the work.
On the night of the 30th of March Mis
sion Rebekah Lodge had a private mas
querade, "just for members only," which
proved to be a very enjoyable function.
There were a number of decidedly original
costumes, and those who carried off the
prizes were Mrs. Elizabeth C. Watson,
¦who represented Easter morning; Miss
Rena Crawford, as an Indian squaw; F.
P. Duley, as Deidrich Knickerbocker, and
Mrs. Hunter, as a United States volun
teer. This affair was under the manage
ment of Mrs. North, Mrs. Mason and Mr.
Hurst.
The following named have been elected
delegates to the California Assembly: Cal
ifornia Lodge— Rachel Max and Mar
guerite M. Reed; Templar Lodge — Alma I.
Jansen, Minnie Plath, Mattie J. Perry and
Lizzie Berry; Oriental Lodge— Mrs.
George T. Shaw, Allie Parker, Margaret
Derby and Amy Webb; Walhalla Lodge —
Betty Joost and Lottie Barthold; Amity
Lodge — May E. McPhee, Antoinette Shaw,
Lela M. Zeigler, Lizzie Braley and Laura
Lowery; Loyal Lodge — Margery Jennings,
Sophie H. Decker and Mollie McCollister;
Mission Lodge — Parthenia C. Burkhart
and Mrs. W. W. Watson; Jubilee Lodge —
Minnie F. Dobbins and Christine Ander-
Bon.
Mission Rebekah Lodge has recommend
ed Florence Urquhart for the next deputy
for District No. 5.
California Lodge was officially visited by
President Mrs. Hoxett on the 6th Inst.
She was accompanied by District Deputy
Mrs. Cyrus and her staff. During the even
ing the visitors were entertained with a
programme contributed by members of
the lodge, after ¦which, refreshments were
Eerved.
The Eastern Star.
There- was a very large attendance at
the session of Tring Solomon Chapter
last week. The hall was crowded,
there being grand officers "ana visitors
present. Among those who were there
were: George L. Darling, P. G. P.; J. H.
Gray, P. Q. P.: Mrs. Kate J. Wlllats. G
S.: Charles I* Field, patron, and Mrs.
Harriet Noah, matron of Ivy; R. N. Car
eon, patron, and Mrs. M. 8. Kelton, mat
ron of Harmony; Mrs. H. McPhun,
matron of Mission, and Past Matrons
Susan M. Wlllats and Nellie A. Darling
of Golden Gate, Jennie A. Graves and
Frances Bonlfield of Ivy, Emma Carter,
Annie Johnson and Elizabeth D. Wetjen
of Harmony. Four candidates were in
ducted into the mysteries of the order by
the officers In that manner which has won
FROM LODGE ROOMS OF FRATERNITIES
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W Shanahan. .' Michign
R E Maher, N=Y
C S Jones, Philadelphia
D S Rosenbaum & w,
: Stockton J
Mrs A L Pettinglll,
cai '• - . T
A Bettens, " Byron Spgs
HW- Raphael, Cal
J A Waldron, Cal < '..-.
C C -Weber & w, Minn
WW Ricker, Honolulu
RE Ledgewood, Chgo
H O i Bryan, Portland
J F Leigh ton, St Louis
S Hubel. Chicago
M Kuhn. :N Y
Mrs H S Splllane, Cal
E IS Cole. Los Ang
W L.Valentine, L Ang
R B.Snowden &' w,
Chicago- .. -
E S Harkness, NY'-.
F R' Wadsworth, Chgo
Mrs S Wadsworth. Chg
Mrs A "Elred, Chgo r ,
E B Rathbone, Chgo
T Smith &.w, Vermont
J S Thomson. NY*
C F Parnell, Cincinnati
P A Newmark, L Ang
H H Knox, NY
J J Otter & w, Ky -
N Lull & w, Chicago
Mrs F P Hixon, Chgo
J Michaels & w, N Y
Miss Michaels, NY
TV Fairbanks. Denver
A Knight & w, St Lou
A Morris, , Milwaukee
F Searles, Nev City
J W Coxey. Sacto -
J B.Glldersleeve, Cal
Mrs J W Gass, S Jose
li A Gass, San Jose
A Hinds & w. Ptland
F L Sylvia,' Boston
Mrs H;Hobbs. N H .
Miss Hobbs, N H
L D -Woodruff & w,
N Y ,- : •¦ . ••¦ ; ¦
Miss Woodruff, N Y
L V Young, Pittsburgh
J E McDougall, Cal
J W Brewster, U S N
P M Walsh, San Jose
Miss C G Morrison, NY
Miss R Baldwin*. N Y
Miss M Bush,- New
foundland
P M Spencer, Clevelnd
I Ingersoll, Cleveland
C H Dohlinski, Phlla
D H Homitz & w, Ohio
Mrs H V- Black. Ohio
A Steam & w, Ohio ,.-
J E Forrest, Portland
J J White, Sacto
J F Rader, Cal
W L Bull & w, N Y
Miss Fanshaw, N Y
W L Bull Jr, N-T
H B.Allen & w, Iowa
J S Heath & w, Iowa
GRAND HOTEL.
8 5 Hall, Sacto
F L Case, 33d Infty
E Davis, 33d Infty
It Daniels, Iowa ••-•,.
Mrs ' Daniels, Iowa :
S S: Hall, Sacto
J C Storm, Mo
E T Dumble, Texas
J H Adderly, N Y
S A Loud, Cal ¦¦ .:
S N Butters, Cal ;
W S Clark, Eureka
Mrs Clark, Eureka
H V Reardan, Alamda
Mrs Reardan. Alameda
W H Ventor. Los Ang
R T Nlckerson, Sonom
W N - Malkin, i Vancouv
Mrs Malkin, Vancouvr
H B Gillis, Yreka •
Mrs Glllis, Yreka *
C B - BletheB,< Seattle
Mrs Blethen, Seattle^
E J Louis. San Diego
CWBlrdBall, Cal
J,M Irwin. Ill
Y Langrentus, Cen Am
Mrs Langentus, Cen A
F : Born;. Portland
Miss Born, > Portland .
H H Meyer, Salvador
H Reynal," Salvador *
S Murphy, Sari Jose
M A Murphy, San Jose
Mrs H Steward, Chgo
Miss S Hunt. Chicaeo
V W Hartley, Vacavil
G E Ide, U S N • . '
D J Panary, Chicago
W J Mason, 1 Mich
Mrs H E Mitchell, NT
Miss H M Seymour.NT
P J Hlatt, Cal s .
A J Bowen, Los Ang
J R Potter," Minn
M Corcoran, Chicago
J R Defress, US N . *
Dr T.Ross, Sacto
C H Norton, Cal - « • '
Mrs. Norton, Cal "¦¦
Mrs W J McGee, Cal
W H'Berger, Colo
W F Palmer." Wis - >
Mrs Palmer, Wis '
S G Turner. Kan City
C F Durell, Randsbrg
Mrs Durell, Randsburg
E McKay. Sacto
C H Wetherbee, Cal
C T^Vebmeyer, Sacto
J C Smith, Devenport
Mrs ! Smith, :* r>avenport
FW Bush, Napa -
H T Ranson, Sacto
Mrs E S Morton, Mass
T P Billand, .Cal
C M L Howard, Cal
F. Carter, Cal
J D.Boyd. Cal'.
W A rJuds, Seattle !
S* Scott. Cincinnati •---"
B P: Shephard,' Fresno ¦"
NEW v WESTERN HOTEL..
CM Snyder. Cal
J R Tyler, S Barbara
R Reed, SeatUe .
J F ' Kelly, : Seattle
J D - Banker, S Jose
• H McDonald, S Jose
E J O'Brien, Joplin
J TV Hayes, Tacoma
J C - Day, Tacoma- • ¦«
C Slelck. Oregon - •
E ' J ' Jones, Wash • .
Mr ' Campbell &' w,-
Japan' . - •
H ¦'Eckhoff/ St Louis
C H Allison, Cinn . i
J Mulroy.: Ingleside ;
W Jullson; j Tacoraa • : i
D. A , Young; Oregon *:
j F.: Tlbbetts. Chicago . r . ,
IA Sylvester, .S Rosa ;
j G : Hanson,*, N Orleans
I C Easterllns, _ N Orlns
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAYj APRIL 14, 1901.
27
M0Bl TONIGHT
FOR AN INTERVAL, I „, J?~. .
OF ABSENCE. I i*«ot. Saturday.
BURGESS
¦ '
-In His Great Bis Revival of
jftCiAL THE
feT COUNTY
m\v%\FA!Rr
The same bis production that played New Tork
City four solid years. ¦
EVE 25c. 35c. 50e. T&o. $1.
MAT. 25C SOc. 75c
Next— Chaa. H. Tale's "THE EVIL ETE.**
UNION COURSING PARK
...TO-UAY...
Sunday - - - ¦ ¦ " April 14,
OPEN
Puppy Jiiakes.
,124 NOMINATIONS— 124
$1080 S $1000
*r^:' TRAIN SERVICE-. "— i.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15
a. m., 11 a. m?. 12 m. and 1 p. m.; Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning: at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars every six
minutes. .
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
:' UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
AN EXHIBITION
: —OF THE—
Industrial and Allied Arts
. . IS NOW IN PROGRESS
.IN THE ART GALLERY
MECHAN1CS' F ~PAVILION.
.¦(,¦ TO CLOSE ON .
\ •¦',;• "v SATURDAT EVE., April 20.
.;•- -/T Ocen Afternoons and Evenings.
Admission. 2Sc Season Tickets. SI 60. Chll-
- dren. 10c
RACES_ T S AN
BAN. FRANCISCO JOCKET CLUB.
BIX HIGH-CLASS RACE3 DAILT.
'- April 13 to 19. Inclnsive.
FINE CARD EVERT DAT.
First Race Dally at 2:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend streets— \ 4
10:30, 11:30 a. m.; 12:40. 1. 1:30, 2 p. m. ,
Returning:, leave track at 4:15 aad thereafter
at short Intervals. Rear : cars reserved for
ladles and escorts.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE), U O.
*¦¦¦¦- , E. J. POWER. Racins Sscretary.
PT<;f'trFr?' s s CONCERT HOUSE.
riatrlllLK O Admission lOc.
- Damery and Bancroft, Laura Lopez. Jack
Symonds, Agnes Fried. Tom Mack, Moll and
Karl. Leota Howard and Melville Coakley.
Reserved ' seats, 23c. Matinee Sunday.
"Hoot Mon, Ye Can Na Loose Me!"
HOUSE PACKED TO 'THE DOORS NIGHTLT
TO SEE THE GREATEST OPERA EVER,
«$* * *
©0©OS050©COOOC9©0®0©00
"HOOrMOiV."
Book by HARRT B.' SMITH.
Music by VICTOR HERBERT.
"FAIRY TALES," "CHOLLY CHUMLET,"
"THE EIGHT FOOT KICK. I JUST
DROPPED -IN." 'THE UMBRELLA DUET."
end a dozen other Great Musical Xumbera are
In the Jolly Opera.
HARTMAN.as "AbSlTcONN.". WKELAN
as "HOOT MON."
Gr*at Success of ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM.
PAUL. STEINDORFF, Director. /
Evening at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES— 23c and SOc
¦ '• • - Telephone Bush 9.
bULUSfnuIA LEADING THEATRE
TO-NIGHTI And f £Lt w e c c e o u. d "f
BEGINNING MONDAY.
Blanche Walsh
America's Distinguished Emotional Actress.
In the Imperial Spectacle,,
More Than Queen.
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
• MATINEE TO-DAT and ! TO-MORROTV.
LAST PERFORMANCE . of Our . Easter
,. Spectacle.
"Cinderella."
•Week Commencing MONDAY EVE"G NEXT.
FLORENCE STONE and JACK WEBSTER
in an Elaborate Revival of
"EAST LYNNE."
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. Few Seats 75c
- Good Seat in Orchestra Saturday and Sunday
•Matinees ' 25c.
• Branch Ticket Of flee — Emporium.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SCOtT AND WILSON, COAKLEY
AND HTJESTED, AL AND MAMIE
ANDERSON, Al/Ii DIRECT FROM
THE ANDEESON; ; * MIBIAM
AINSWOBTH, BARNES* DOG
AND PONT SHOW, NEW MO V-
. ING PICTITRES.
LEAHMAYjie Giantess.
AMATEUR NiejT, THURSDAY.
Telephone for sea ta— Park 23.
|«»PALACEHOm««
J. Visitors to San Francisco ; who make
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts . and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion,' courteous attacnes and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
HOTEL**
Dry Goods -^^^^p Company.
CURTAIN
a— * n ¦ i a. /"Hi M IWMMmm^iv ML
SPECIA LS *
***—* E. Emm* ''*»¦/ S jTlii S*mJ>*S I
ioo pair- of Cliry Lace Curtains, rnade on the best
French bobbinet, good value at f 4 co and $500 —
# Special at §3<>50 per pair.
ir;o pairs of Irish Point Cur'ains.reguia-vlue at £6.00
' and' f 6 50 — . Special at S5.O0 per pair.
New line of TspeSn? P^rtiere^. in ali the 'atest effects,
¦ on.fale a^ S3*T5, $5, $6 and upward per pair.
r;o pieces more of that popu ar drapery fa'' re, Japanese
Crepe; suitable for mantel I r w ndow dec rations
' regular value at 2^c— Special at 15c per yard.
L/irge assortment of Rugs, comprising al! the.well-
' known domestic makes; also I grain A*t Squares
in a!' -i he new colorings, at prices to make them
- interesting.
Comp'e'e lhe of Burlaps, Denims. Art Ticking. Silko-
ieens, Dofed Swiss and other Drapery Materials
at popular prices.
ALL CURTAINS AND PORTIERES SOLD BT THE DEPARTMENT PITT W
FREE OF CHARGE BT FIRST-CLASS DRAPERS.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and StooHon Streets, San Franoissa.
UNION SQUARE.
Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Attended To.
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatmem
Applied Locally and Directly to ihe Affected Parts.
t> — 1 We answer the INTERNAL DRUGGING TO RUIN THE
questions briefly. If STOMACH. The St. James treatment la
you cut an artery local, direct and positive.
In your arm you do The St. James treatment Is prepared in
not take internal the form of Crayons, very narrow
medicine to stop the smooth, flexible and wholly soluble, which
flow of blood. YOU are inserted into the water passage at
USE LOCAL AP- night, where they dissolve and deposit the
PLICATIONS. Sim- medication in its full , strength upon the
llarly when the ure- Prostate Gland, contracting and stren^th-
thral ducts become enlnp the ducts -and FOREVER STOP-
weakened and re- PING DRAINS AND EMISSIONS and
laxed It Is ridlcu- curing: whila the patient sleeps,
lous to take inter- __ . _
nal treatment, VariC0C8l6.
Thich must pass through the stomach * *** IrrYrW
ana urine beioro It reaches the seat of Varlcocele is an- accumulation of slug-
disease. The seminal ducts project Into pish blood In the veins of the scrotum,
the urethral canal through the Prostate due solely to Imperfect circulation, and
Gland, and are easily reached by LOCAL has its origin In a diseased and torpid
TREATMENT. Prostate Gland. Operations in this dls-
Dr. Carter's "Gran-Solvent" soluble ease are only -temporary, and no me-
Boujries will dissolve, digest and forever rhanical device yet discovered has cured
remove a slncle case. Gran-Solvent heals the
Prostate and restores healthy circulation
UrPtlirni Varlcocele disappears and^the sluggish
UltMlId. OIIIUIUIO accumulation ts> replaced by pure.
In IS days, without pain. Injury or Ineon- healthy ned blood.
venience. The bougies are inserted at Thous^ids of men strtctured. weak
night and act while you sleep. "Gran- wastinsTand despondent were cured and
Solvent" removes every symptom of stric- restored by the St. James method last
tun?. leavin K the canal as healthy as when vear. A vast army of men in whom the
rature forrnpd It. No BKUTAL CUT- iljrht of life has penetrated the fearful
TINO On DILATING. NO INJECTIONS nitrhtmare of stricture and seminal de-
TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE NO cay. . '
Space will not permit a complete description of the incompar- p nm ran 1233
eble St. James Treatment in urethral diseases. Every sunerer f~ H 11.8
Ircm Stricture and its offspring. Prostatltls and Seminal .Weak- I H I |_ H
ness Ehpuld write to ihe St. James Association. 250 St. . Jame? £g gfflg[ 39 «S
HW.?;.. Ciiicir.naii. Ohio, for their wonderful Illustrated work show- J*" NTa 2^ W^
lr.g the parts of the human system Involved in urethral all- I ft H I g
cicnts. which they will send securely wrapped in plain package, | H U feg Ben
prepaid >>> _ ........................
St. James Assn., 250 St. James Block, Cincinnati, O.
Week Commencing TO-DAT (SUNDAY) MAT-
. ' - - INEE, April 14. .
s .Vaudeville Extraordinary!
FRANCESCA -REDDING '
AND COMPANY,
Presenting an original one-act play by Will M.
Cre3sy, "HEE FRIEND FROM TEXAS." '
¦ The .Trans-Atlantic Marvel, ¦
HORACE GOLDIN
Supported by JEAN FRANSIOLI AND CO.
Submitting I a surprising- . maze of mysterious
_ • illusions.
Barbareschi "4 Castellano
Italy's Famous .Operatic Stars. :
PREVOST and PREVOST
Illustrating: the comedy possibilities of "HOT
¦> ; -AIR" and agile limbs.
HAL STEPHENS and Company
In an after-theater dream, "AT 1 A. M."
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN
' i And her. "Goo-Goo" Byed Pickaninnies.
GEORGE H. WOOD
¦ The Somewhat Different Comedian. '
THE GREAT AMERICAN BICGRAPH
FAREWELL WEEK ¦ OF =
.TSCHERtlOFF'S
FAMOUS DOG CIRCUS
In the greatest animal act in the world.
Parquet; 23c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part except reserved. A few front
orchestra rows reserved. 50c; front rows of
balcony, reserved, 23c. ,\. . _ ...
BELASCO*"»THALE8jfctf^.
tp* oHSJt ctrr iuui
• MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c. lac, 23c.
TO-NIGHT— (Sunday)— TO-NIGHT,
.-• ¦ America's Tragedian. —" - %
ROBERT DOWNING
¦ • In the 'Beautiful Play, •
INCOMAR.
PPirCC EVENINGS.. ....10c, 15c,* 23c/ 33c, 50c
I nlVCJ MATINEES 10c, 15c, 25c
To-Vorrow. Konday— Lift Week of Robsrt Downing.
"JHCTISITTS C^SIS A.R,." -
' Presented on a Scale of Extraordinary Mag-
nificence. Appearance of Mason Mitchell and
Strong Cast.. . : -
MATINEE TO-DAT. (SUNDAY).
tcv TENNESSEE'S
n'ght, pARDNER.
TO-MORROW NIGHT, a \ Welcome Revival,
"OH SUSANNAH,"
The Farce That Made AH New York Laugh.
LOOK OUT FOR ' • / •
''THE CONQUERORS."
OLYMRiA JKH.ZIz,
THE ONL.T FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
IN THE CITY.
ROSCOB and SIMS,
' Musical Artists.
ROUSELL AND HOWARD,
¦ Acrobats Extraordinary. .
MABEL HUDSON,
A- Favorite Whose" Popularity Never Wanes.
; ;QUBR?TA VINCENT;
San Francisco's ' Particular Pride. / v
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
.MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT 'EVERY FRIDAY^
¦ , ' ADMISSION FREE. ' -
lijiiiilll
Dr. "A: A.*- Suicer, C. S. B., of Riverside, Cal.,
a : member ; of .- the ¦ Christian * Science : Board of
Lectureship of the First" Church of Christ,'
Scientist, . In Boston; Mass.; - will ; lecture In
Metropolitan Temple Sunday afternoon, April'
14, at S -o'clock,- on ? : "Christian Science! Ap-
plied." ' The admission " is ; free and . the . public
Is . cordially ¦Invited. , .
ft TIVTra/P I H U)1<TT«!'WTR.
AMUSEMElfTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 14, 1901;
28
. EMPLOYMENT WAHTEP— MALE.
SITUATION wanted by temperate young man,
married, good habits, to look after . plumbing,
gaa heating,- electric- bells, -locks, etc;- willing
to make himself generally useful about a -ho-
tel, .public building or private place; steady
position desired; best of references furnished.
Box 3721. Call office. '
WANTED— By j a . temperate young man with
;• . practical experience, situation as watchmar ;
best of references as to character and ability.
; Box S733. Call office. ¦
A GENTLEMAN of address and business ex-
perience desires a position; will accept smail
compensation 'or commission and salary; refr
erences. Address box 3722. Call office.
A' COLLEGE graduate, strong and .honest,
seeks position of any kind. -Box 8732. Call.
POSITION wanted; a first-class upholsterer; In
or outside work. Box 3730. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as coachman by single,
sober, reliable Swiss for good private place;
( understands- some gardening; good Chicago
, references. Box 3719. Call.
EXPERIENCED man, well recommended, age
" 29, wants position in general merchandise
store. In California or Ariz.. Box 3717. Call.
A FRENCH cook with best references wishes
" position in private family. Box 3758, Call.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged barkeeper
. In > country hotel; references. Address D.
LOVETT. IS Fifth at. '
WANTED— Position as watchman, collector or
some resuonsible position; can give best of
. references. Address box 3760. Call.
A COMPETENT and reliable man desires to
look after and take care of premises while
owners are absent; good references. Address
Vigilant, box 3763, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by flrst-class coachman 30
years old; last place 10 years, Chicago." Ad-
. dress CLARK & WARD, 1073& Market st., or
453 Eighth St.. Oakland. _^ ¦
CHEF, competent In all branches, want? po-
sition; hotel or restaurant: flrst-class city
references. PETERSON, 402 O'Farrell st.
COOK wants situation in country, hotel or
restaurant. 401 Van Ness ave. ' . •
WANTED— By man and wife, situation to take
charge of private place; city or country;
- Swiss people. Box 3S02, Call office.
j SITUATION as manager on gentleman's estate;
thoroughly competent; 11 years in last em-
. ploy. Box 3S01, Call office. •
STRONG young German wants to do any
kind of work; knows how to take care of
horses. 135 O'Farrell st.
PHOTOGRAPHER, up-to-date, from Phlladel-
phla, desires position. Box 2995, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener, willing and
obliging, wants position in private family,
summer resort, institution; can care for lawn,
flowers, vegetables, horses, cows; all round
man; very handy and useful; good refer-
' ences. : Box 2935. Call.
WANTED— By married man. S10 children,
steady position as blacksmith; 'good all
around smith; city or country. - 3876 Silver
St., near Thlrty : elghth, Oakland.
YOUNG man wishes a position as bartender;
can speak French and English; Is a musi-
clan. 818 Pacific st. •
YOUNG honest Japanese boy wants situation
as schoolboy In the city. Address T.- SUGU-
KAWA. 113 Church st i
GENTLEMAN desires situation as cook; city
or country; steady; references. Box '2987. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore st.
A* BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla st. j .
FINANCIAL.
FOR INVESTORS!!!. - ¦
I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and income city property; gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas, rail-
" road and Industrial corporations; money to
loan; investments made; bank references; j
correspondence solicited.
T. OTWAY SADLEIR,
Room 40, 310 Pine St.,
• San Franc'sco.
FLATS TO LET.
A — CLEAN sunny, modern 5 rooms, bath; nice
garden, $20. SPECK &' CO.. -667 -Market st,
A SNAP— $8; clean bay-window, 3 rooms, north
of Market. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
A SUNNY modern 6-room flat; storeroom. 29
Elgin Park. . .
$35— UPPER flat at 726 Shrader St.. near Wal-
ler St.; 6 large sunny rooms: all modern con-
veniences; see It to-day. LYON & HOAG,
114, Montgomery st. '
DOLORES, 822, near Twenty-second— 6 sunny
rooms; no children. '. i
FLAT, 5 sunny rooms: good yard and modern
. improvements. 622 Minna St., near Seventh.
GEARY, 2226— Lower flat, 5 rooms, bath; rent
moderate.
HAIGHT, 459A, near Flllmore— Flat of 4
sunny rooms and yard; basement; laun-
dry; $12.
HANDSOME flat, 6 rooms and bath. 1210
Scott St.. near Eddy. '
MODERN upper flat of 6 rooms, bath and mod-
ern improvements. 637V4 Natoma st.
NEAR City Hall: fine sunny top flat, S rooms
and bath. 12 Grove st. .
I NEWLY furnished flat 8 rooms and bath, all
modern conveniences, very reasonable to re-
sponsible parties. 1Q28 ElUa st.
NICE clean sunny flat, 7 rooms, all newly
renovated. 442 Sixth st, near Harrison."
NW. COR. Pine and Taylor sts.— Beautiful
sunny- flat of 8 room3 on 2 floors; separate
entrance; $70.
SEVENTH, 336— Middle flat of 7 rooms and
bath; modern; rent reasonable.
SUNNY upper 7 rooms, bath; tinted; sanitary
plumbing; low rent. 937 Hayes st.
TWO new elegant flats of 5 and 6 rooms, on
Church St., , near Eighteenth.
' $9— THREE rooms. 5 Bonlta st, off Polk, bet
I Vallejo and Green.
$11 50 — REAR; sunny 5 rooms; 2-story house.
2510 California St.; apply middle flat. . 5'
$17 50— FLAT of 5 rooms and bath.- 571 Hayes
st, near Laguna: no small children.
j $is — 3 rooms, on first floor: large basement
. underneath' and yard. 812 Ellis st, nr. Polk.
J25— SUNNY flat. 8 rooms, bath, yard and
laundry. 16."0 Hayes st., near Panhandle.
PLATS TO LET- — FnrniRheil.
A- NICELY furnished flat; 7 large sunny rooms;
.fine marine view. i313 Leavenworth st.
ELEGANTLY furnished flat, 6 rooms: oiano:
4 to 6 months: adults. Call mornings «t 1413
Scott st, near Geary.
ELEGANT corner flat of 7 i rooms: furnished;
near Mission High School. 654 Church st. :
FELL, 1622, oft panhandle of park — Nicely tur-
nished flat or S rooms to let for 3 months or
unfurnished Indefinitely. .. ,'• •
•klat» \v.\vri<:».
SUNNY fur. ¦ or unfur. . flat or house. 5 or 6
rooms: state rent. L. L.,' box 3724. . Call.
FCRXITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in tak. $4S ?0, with No. 7
rarge. King Furniture Co.. -1127--M.il Market.
FURNITURE of 6-room cottage for sale cheap.
1163 Valencia Et. - : ¦ :
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves; give us a trial. 1114 Mls3lon st.
i FURNITURE WANTED.
A '^ -' r l~™»~.- -', - - ' -'„¦ , '
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpels,
etc.. see.W.E.Codv. 1ST Mission: tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny. buys A
.sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdae.. etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Atisp'on St.. pays highest
price for wcond-hand furniture;" tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1205 Larkin: tel. Polk6!M;
', furniture * furn'd .houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys rcur furniture. " carpet*,
pinno?. etc. 1135 Market rt.: tel. Je^ie 7«1.
.HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook -for nice restaurant, no Sunday
- work, • $9 a week; cook for delicatessen, $40;
• cook, boarding-house, $30; 3 cooks, $30, no
! wash; 41 girls for housework and cook, wash
and Iron . for. our city and - country families,
¦ $20, $25 ¦ and $30; French chambermaid. ,$25;
seamstress' and chambermaid, $25; 8 second
girls for city and country, $20 and $25; 8 wait-
resses for city and country hotels, $20 and $25;
¦* waitress, springs. .$25;. chambermaid, assist
waiting one • meal, for springs. $20. see boss
in office; chambermaid for sanitarium. $20;
nurses, $20; 14. young girls, light housework..
$15, and many others. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st . . ¦¦.
AT the Woman's Educational and Industrial
Union, . 7. Van Ness ave., English. French,-
German, Spanish, painting, mandolin, violin,
guitar, banjo, dressmaking, millinery, hair-
dresslng. manicuring taught for $1 50 per
month; singing and cooking taught for $1
'per month. . "¦
GIRL wanted; general" housework; call this
. afternoon. - 13-1 Hayes st ' ' •'.*%-." i
: A GIRL for general ; housework; 3 in family.
Apply 1928 Pierce st. -.- .--. „ , , . ? , -.-, .
i LADIES, to work at home on neckwear.' H. M
1 .HEINEMAN.'- 109 Sansome st. ' ']
HELP ~W"AyTJEP— FEMAIJg^CoM^
AT~cTr. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT....... - —
-Waitress, flrst-class commercial tel - iZ2 .^k
Chambermaid, same place, fare paid *J£
2 waitresses, same hotel, country *~
Waitress, Petaluma ...-..-•. I.*,
Waitress. Dixon - J;=
Waitress. Uklah. fare paid • *g
Waitress, institution V"i"Vii^V«iil»30
. 10 waitresses, city, reutaurants & noteis.j-v-gw
2 chambermaids to wait, city jrr
Cook for a few boarders, Oakland liriK
2 cooks, boarding-houses, city w «a
Masseur for baths, city ••
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.. ...-••-:
Lady's maid and do plain sewing. -•••;-^ > "is
Cook, small American family, San R*'** 1 "^
6 second girls, city • t^MO
* 60 house girls, city and country •« ?{"
Nurse girl, small children •• •••¦•»"
Cooks, house girls, nurse girls, second *"™j^
c'.'r." HANSEN "&"c6*.*..*.'.*.'.'.l'.'io* Geary st.
WOMAN for washing and Ironing, 2 days a
week; steady place •- ;•
C. R. HANSEN & CO «H O***? Bt r
A WOMAN to superintend cooking In & camp
where -there Is a cook for fifteen men; South-
ern California and free transportation; $40....
• C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on oolorM
work. DAVIS, 6CHONWASSER & CO., 134
EXPERIENCED operators on shirt waists;
good wages. BAUER BROS. & CO., a San-
some st.
SALESLADY for suits and waists wanted; only
such as have had experience in these lines
could fill the position. Address L.. F., box
3723. Call office.
WANTED— Neat, bright young girl to work In
physician's office; 8 a. m. to 1 p. ft -B 01
S726. Call office.
WANTED— Young girl as apprentice for gen-
eral office work: proper party will receive a
thorough business education. Address In writ-
ing C. F. L., 218 California St., room 7.
WANTED— 2 bright, energetic ladles to take a
course of study for branch office. Apply DR.
E. E. McLEAN, 212 Call bldg.
COMPETENT modiste to take charge of dress- 1
making department In store. Box 3729, Call.
CAN you do needlework? Good pay-making
samples, home; material furnished; send
stamp. Home Needlework Co., 59 Dearborn,
Chicago. "
A GIRL with a little experience on coats. In-
qulre 935 Market St.. room 14. •
WANTED— One good hairdresser and dyer: also
one good hair worker; none others need apply.
220 Post st.
WANTED— First-class talloress on pants. Ap-
ply 248 State St.. near Douglass.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats. 455% Minna
btreet.
OPERATOR on pants; steady work. 83 Third
street.
WANTED— Woman to do housework by the
day. S84 Folsom st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
WANTED— An experienced finisher for ladies'
tailoring. 524 Post st. . '
FIRST-CLASS skirt maker; also an apprentice.
VERDIER. 984 Geary St. • ¦
WANTED— A neat girl for second work and
waiting: good wages and good home. Apply
box 3766. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; steady
work; good wages. 40 Ellis St.. room 14.
WANTED — Good experienced apprentice girl on
fine coats. 334 Kearny St.. room 9.
TWO lunch waitresses; call early Monday
morning-; no Sunday work. 513 Brannan st.
GOOD city experienced millinery saleslady. and
trimmer wanted. 24 Kearny st.
F..ELIABLE house has position for good, keen,
middle-aged business woman; no canvassing;
advancement. Box 3770, Call office.
WANTED— Girl for light housework or middle-
aged lady. 12 Geary court.
NEAT girl for hairdresslng, etc.; one with
some experience preferred. Box 3773, Call.
WANTED— Good cook for small family going
to Truckee for 6 months ; wages $35. CAT-
- TELL'S, 525 Eighth St.. Oakland.
YOUNG girl 16 or over to assist in light house-
work; German preferred; good home; steady
place. Address B., 1941 Mission st.
GIRL for light housework. 128 Bartlett St..
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third. •
THE McDowell Dressmaking and 5 Millinery
School is crowded with pupils and have or-
ganized evening classes: this Is the largest
dressmaking school west of Chicago and Is
among the popular institutions of San Fran-
cisco; perfect fitting patterns cut to order.
1019 Market st.
WANTED— First-class trimmer in millinery de-
partment. Apply HALE BROS.. 979-987 Mar-
ket St.. before 11 a. in.
HAIRDRESSING taught In 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'g. ¦ classes; terms
reasonable. Halrdressing College. 574 Geary.
OPERATORS cn wrappers- also button-hole
maker; good pay.. JUDA BROS.. 109 Battery.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — A lew experienced operators and a
limited number - for Instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory, Goutrh and Grove sts.
MILLINERY taught In 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. classes; terms
-reasonable. Millinery College. 574 Geary st.
GIRL to cook and assist In Alameda. H. A.
SMITH. 25 Market St., S. F.
C4IRL wanted for general housework. Call
after 9 a. m. at 2061 Mission st.
BRIGHT girls • to learn good trade. M.
KRAKER, 226 Bush st.
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLEPON & CO.. 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
a BRANCH ofilce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established *t lC9o
VaVnria st. .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT^cT^T1SAlcSEN~&^TsTp^onT^rant 183
RAILROAD WORK.
Headersmen and drillers, big tunnel $2 50
Teamsters and laborers. Uklah $2
Free fare free fare
3 millwrights, (4 a day; 3 carpenters, $3 a
day. for country sawmill; 10 laborers to build
railroad In the woods, $26 and board, see
boss here; 2 milkers, north, $30; 2 milkers.
Orezon. - $30 and fare paid, see boss here;
farmers, .$25 and $26
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Chef, country hotel, $100; second cook for
club, 795; fry cook, restaurant. $65: second,
cooks, fryers and broilers. $50 to $60; cake
baker. $. r >0; 10 dishwashers and kitchen hands,
$25 and $30; 6 waiters, $25 and $35; all-around
laundryman. institution, $50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary »t.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 3d: phone Red 31.
1 upholsterer, country, $3 per day
1 first-class furniture and carpet salesman,
.$1GO per month.. 2 collectors
First-class typewriter salesman, $75 per mo.
5 laborers, city, $2 per day.
7 laborers, country. J2 per day
1 blacksmith and horsife&hoer. country, $3 day.
6 men for sawmill and lumber woods
4 men to make posts, $3 per hundred
6 men to make ties, pickets and cut ° wood,
pine. -4 feet. $1 25 per cord.. 59 Third st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
' Turk; tel. Folsom 1533. I. LESS, Secretary.
I PAID one salesman, who replied to my last
advertisement, $3S9 50 commission on sales of
my white lead for month of March; any hus-
tier can earn $50 per week ; no experience ne-
cessary. Address me for particulars. D. T
WEIR, St. Louis, Mo. •
MAN. upright character, to manage business
of established house; $1S per week & expen-
ses, payable weekly from headquarters; ex-
pense money advanced: permanent; refer-
ences.' Standard House, 224 Caxton bldg
Chlcaro. ¦
WANTED by established firm, scheme or spe-
. cialty ,men to sell exceedingly attractive and
salable line: special terms; unique induce-
ments: high-priced men investigate. C. R
COQK, 21 W. Atwater St., Detroit, Mich.
YOUNG man with natural talent for drawing
to train as newspaper artist; particulars and
sample lef son free. School of Caricature 85
..World bid jr.. New York City. ..,.-
AN active, energetic specialty drummer of ex-
perlence In Southern or Northern . States of
Pacific slope: flrst-class references reaulred
Address box 3720. Call. ,
WANTED— Two coatmakers for San Jose. Call
between 10 end 12 a. m.. Monday, San Jose
Woolen Mills Co.. 523 Market St.. • San Fran-
cisco. - - ¦..
WANTED for an insurance office, a bright
boy; must live with his parents; self-written
applications, with references. Box 3751, Call.
LEADER to work on details ;. cut-oft sawyer; 3
first-class can>enters. non-un»n; no office
. fees. Mech. Reg. .Bu., 410 Kearny st.
WANTED— Flrst-class salesman capable of
earning a good salary. Address Clerk 1. box
COOK'S helper who. can make short orders; $7
a week. ?10 Townsend St.. bet. 3d and 4th.
BOY ' to run errands for manufacturing estab-
lishment. • Address box 3727. Call.
COOK for boarding-house. 739 Fourth st.
ASPHALTPM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re -
paired; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS' AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
HATH CABINETS.
BATH CABINETS: ROBINSON. Niagara, Per-
fection* and others. Arency. 426 E1113 St.. 8. F.
BOAltUING VOH CHlLgUR^'
A FAMILY without bhildren wishes child to
board; good home and care. 132 Fourteenth
St., near Howard^ '
CERMAN widow would Ilka to board child
and room for parents. Box 3750. Call office.
1OUNG German woman would like child to
board, 114 Haight st.; call Monday a. m.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 8 children to
board; yard; best of care. 1607 California st.
NICE family wishes to take care of 1 or 2 chll-
- dren: near school. 4^0 Taylor st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1852; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2, ,No. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
DELICACY store; daily average $16; one of
the best stores downtown; trial given; satis-
faction guaranteed; sickness cause of selling;
reasonable offer will be considered. - .
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market Bt, opp. Mason.
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars.
800 candy and Ice cream stores, 500 restaurants. ¦
HiO stores of all kinds: partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market Bt.
FOR private sale: some of the best saloons In
the city". WALTER HAYES & CO.. 833 Mrkt.
RESTAURANT; clears $150 a month; down-
town; $900: good location. JOSEPH BAIUIE,
759 Market st . . *?- - •
GROCERY and bar on Howard St.; rent $oO;
4 living rooms and stable; large basement;
$2500. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market n.
Aaa— CANDY store In Oakland; central and
line; will Inventory $2500; paid $100 net month-
ly during the winter; owner going away;
sacrificed at $2000.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1WS Broadway, Oakland.
SPECIAL NOTICE— We have several 'excep-
tionally desirable candy, notion, bakery and
lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen
• stores; also restaurants, barber shops and
saloons. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted In an old established
cash business; owner well known practical
business man; profits average $80 a month
to each. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO.. 632 Market st.
J2000— A FINE business corner, with a store
and 4 living-rooms, barn, windmill and tank.
J. W. ELROD, Fruitvale station. Cal.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted; light business; no
night or Sunday work; $75 to $85 a month
each; no experience required; trial given;
young single man preferred. 25 Geary, rm. L
WANTED— A party with $1200 to Join the adver-
tiser In manufacturing an article in great de-
mand on this coast; only one other factory
here; a chance of a lifetime. Address E. B.,
Call office, Oakland. N. B.— Only principals
need answer. ; .
BHOEMAKING and repairing business for
sale cheap; best business of the kind In Cal-»
ifornia; big profits; investigate; owner go-
ing East. Address box A, Call Agency, San
j Jose, Cal.
$1000— SICKNESS compels sale of profitable
business In facial and scalp treatment, mas-
sage, hairdresslng, etc.; good location; low
rent; will bear honest investigation. 3748, Call.
PENSION — Active partner wanted In long-es-
tablished business: small capital required;
email expense; quick returns; best refs. given
& required. Pension Partner, box 3731, Call.
HOTELS and lodging-houses bought, sold and
leased by J. R. RICHARDS' Hotel Brokers'
Co.. room 40, Sth floor. Mills bldg. ; hotel prop-
erties taken full charge of.
FOR sale— First-class saloon In mining town;
good opportunity for the right man. For par-
ticulars apply to JESSE MOORE-HUNT CO.,
404 Front «t.
$.(C0 — GOOD- PAYING business; dairy produce
and delicacy store; rent $12; call early; leav-
ing city. 321 Fifth St.; furniture included.
MILK business; established 10 years; trial
given; sickness cause of selling. Box 37, Call.
WILL rent large restaurant; complete; fur-
nished; long lease; fine location. Box 36. Call.
FOR sale— This week, well-paying corner gro-
cery and bar; no agents. Call at 1016 Polk et.
RESTAURANT for sale on account of depart-
ure ; living rooms complete. 136- Second st.
tJ-OO— RESTAURANT; $16 receipts; If sold this
week; central. Box 3767, Call office.
BARBER shop and fixtures in Glen Ellen, So-
noma Co.; good location for summer.
$75— LADY partner for office; hours 1 to 3.
632 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
FOR sale — A good general merchandise store in
city. Box 3765, Call office.
SALOON and furnished rooms for sale. 119
Second St.. corner Minna.
HRANCH bakery, notions and candies. 1906
Mission st. . ¦
FOR sale — Saloon with 4 living rooms at a bar-
gain; must be sold on account of sickness.
Apply at 215 Steuart st
CIGAR store for sale If desirable; good will
and fixtures. 236 1 ,. East St., near transport
dock. .
HARDWARE store; supplies all ship carpen-
ters and Joiners. Apply 16 Folsom st. .
¦WANTED — Respectable young lady or man as
partner In candy business. 941 Folsom st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' boarding and
lodging house for sale. Apply Call office.
JUNK and second-hand store for sale cheap.
3C44 Twenty-fourth Et. -
RARE CHANCE for 2 good men; Ocean House
road nursery for saW, with all improvements;
plants, bulbs, horses, wagons, greenhouses, 4
big tanks holding 50,000 gallons, plenty water,
engine to pump- It, pipes covering 15 acres
land; best place to raise flowers and vege-
tables; 1 block from Ingleside electric car;
lease 10 years; reason for selling, retiring
from business. Apply on place or 25 Fourth
street.
A GENTLEMAN representing for several years
a large California house would like to make
ether connections In canned and dried fruits,
beans, etc. ; best references furnished If neces-
tary. Address room 311, Board of Trade build-
ing. New Orleans.
OUTSIDE route on this paper {or lalt. Apply
Call Business office.
WANTED— Men of means to put a patented
article on the market. N. DOBBINS. 304
Stockton st.
FOR Sale — Well-establl-hed laundry route do-
Ing good business; also good paying laundry
office. L. F. B.. box 2932, Call office.
PAYING restaurant (.water front) for sale,
cheap: price $350; rent, with water. $15; owner
has other business. Call 12 Washington Bt.
COFFEE and lunch room for sale; suitable for
man and wife or two ladies; no reasonable
offer refused. 704 Polk st. ...
FOR SALE— Flrst-class shoe shop; will sell
cheap. 1934 Union st. •
$350— TOBACCO and cigar Etore. with living
rooms; downtown. Box 29S9, Call office.
$1500— GOOD corner gTocery; bar; no opposl-
tlon; cash trade. Box B. 300 Hayes st.
OLD established corner saloon: 2 sunny living
rooms; no reasonable offer refused. 554 4th.
MAN with $300 to join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
PHOTO supplies, developing and printing; a
good paying business for $300. - 2204 Flllmore.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SELECT ¦ YOUR HOUSE FROM THH
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
10 rooms; Ellis St.; fine house; only...... $450
15 rooms; cheap rent; well furnished 475
32 rooms; corner house; north of Market.. 800
42 rooms;. big money maker; a sacrifice... 2200
76 rooms; splendid location; downtown... 3550
IIS rooms; clears $450 mo.; worth double.. 2100
Hundreds to choose from... $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES' BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices;
€0 rooms, close In, elevator, etc ..$4500
12 rooms, new, clean; clears $50............ 900
14 rooms, tunny corner, good condition.... 1000
SO rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
II rooms,' only $2C0 cash, balance pay-
ments .• 500
Vacant houses furnished........ ..;.........
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT. CO.. 850 Market st.
14 ROOMS; central; transient; neatly furnished •
rent $40; bargain. Donnelly Co., 632 Market.'
" " _ ..;. ' . .CAPE i NOME. . '..-. ¦¦'..¦•¦¦¦¦
CAPE i NOME, Teller City and all points ; In
-- Alaska. For freight and passage rates, call or
write C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St.. room <¦
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunlcns, - Ingrown ¦ nails, warts chll-
blalna ; painless cure. Dr. . Duncan. 415 Sutter.
. COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 810, 927. Market Et.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED cottage at Larkspur, Marin Co.;
6 rooms (with piano) for 4 or 5 months, t For
particulars inquire of C. W. RICE, Larkspur,
or at the Larkspur Saloon, 3228 Twenty-sec-
ond St.. San Francisco.
NICE 6-room cottage; reasonable rent. 116
Sweeny st., nr. Golden City House, San Bru-
no road.
$6— HOUSE, 4 rooms, worth $12, In heart of
city, near. Mission and Thirty-fourth. Ap-
ply 64 Silver St.. off Third.
ARLINGTON. 333. corner 34th— Cottage of 3
rooms ; large yard ; $6 50 a month.
COTTAGE of 3 rooms; water; rent $8. Apply
Jersey and Sanchez sts.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTXLCLINIcTloTMar^
ket St., cor.- 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
v without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
A— JJEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions- or -fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
alr;crowns;brldgework. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex.
. aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth. . .
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
.attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GAILAGHER^MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. ¦ F. — Bookkeeping, ' shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Dav
& eve.; bookkeeping, shortland. typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $50; Individual
Instruction; positions secured catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for- the university, law and medical
colleges; references, F-esldent Jordan or any
Stanford • professor. Phelan building. j '.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mining,mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costr. only S60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market St. ¦
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting: beginners ; business
college graduates;- bookkeeping:. figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.,,220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, ' shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott' bldg. ; Individ instruction; catalogue.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin lessons 50c. W. P. Chambers. 214 Taylor.
KENT Law School : day and night ; prepares
for Supreme Court. . 529 Parrott building.' .
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
. guitar: experienced. 1C08- Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH lessons; new, practical method. 66S
Mission st. . . ¦ t ¦ I
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLI7PTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
NEW office; Italian. American and French em-
ployment office — Wanted — Cooks, waiters and
all kinds of workingmen. A. BALDASSI &
CO., 206 Montgomery ave.
JAPANESE EmDloyment Office and -House-
cleaning Co., best help; . send men at. short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 239L
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
¦ cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, ¦: central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
ORPHKUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
| nese help. 4?8 Powell. nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment (,'fflce—
Beft help. 411V. O'FarrPll St.: tel. Kast 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
TWO sisters . wish . places in country not far
from city; wages $20 and $25. Call at 12
Rltch st, off Folsom, bet. Third and Fourth.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady without encum-
brance wishes position as housekeeper in
country. ¦ Box 37G3, Call. -
WANTED by a good dressmaker, a place to
work by the day or week; children's clothes I
a specialty; very reasonable. Apply 815 Pest, j
WANTED — Position by expert lady stenograph-
er, capable court work; present salary $75,
reference present employers; desires to leave
Galveston. Stenographer, 221 Levy building,
Galveston, Texas. . • .
"WANTED — Position as housekeeper •: In nice
family; reference If desired. . Housekeeper,
167 California ave.. Mission. . '-
LADIES' nurse, refined and experienced, wishes
engagement; bpst of references. Call 469}.
Ninth St., Oakland. . •
INVALID nurse, . working housekeeper; any
position of trust; good reference. 202 Perry
st, near Fourth.
BRIGHT and capable young woman wishes
office work or genteel employment of any
kind for few hours each day; best of -refer-
ences. . Box 3702, Call office. '...'.
WOMAN wants housecleanlng or light washing
by the day or half-day. Address F. C. box
3769. Call office.
GIRL wants a position as maid and companion
to an old lady. 48 Prospect ave.
DRESSMAKER; first-class; perfection In -fit-
ting and trimming; experienced in best work;
costumes remodeled: $1 50 per day. Address
J.H., box 3761, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
assist with ' housework or -care of children. •
- Apply. 2017 Powell st. ; no postals.
NEAT Protestant desires a position; light
work; home, object; any distance; Oakland
* preferred. t 751 'Howard st. '. . . " .: \
ENGLISHWOMAN offers her sen-Ices. to fam-
ily going , to Europe as useful companion or
' charge of children in return for passage. M.,
2007 Howard st. - i
FRENCH" girl desires a position to do laun-
dry work in a private family; references. Ad-
dress 1422% Pacific st. ?••_¦/- ;; '
NORTH German young woman wishes posi-
¦ tlon as housekeeper or »to cook in a small
family; first-class references. Box 29S6, Call.
COMPETENT young- woman, North German,
wishes position as lady's maid or nurse; fine
sewer; first-class references.. Box 2986, Call."
WANTED— Housework by woman of 45 years.'
Call or address MRS. P.. 304 Stockton st." ,
•WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.," near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
. $6 week; convenient ana respectable; free 'bus
, and baggage to and irom ferry. : : -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has " been established at 1096
. Valencia- st. '." ; . • ; - .
CHEAPEST- and best : in America— The Weekly
-. Call; ; 16 pages. . sent to any ; address ! In the
United States or Canada tne year for. $L;' • "
tODGIKQ HOUSES FOR SALE— -Con.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL....'.........-..
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
- ......85-ROOM HOUSE......
Sure to Clear $400 .".
Modern House •
....Price Only $1800... V
Owner Sick and Must Sell...
Offer Wanted .'.....
A— 100 houses not listed with other agents.
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy St., near, Market." 500
14 rooms; on Third St., near Market 650
• 14 rooms; on Mission st • 650
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market: clears $200... 2000
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2S0O
24 rooms; on Geary st. ; clears $135.... — 1900
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300.. 6000
85-room house; clears $800... 6000
80-room boarding-house: clears $600 6000
8-room flat; sunny side "°Y
6-room flat; very good... 3%
600 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms. •
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 798.
$100,000 to loan at 1% per cent.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. . 6th.
ATTENTION, SELLER— I can sell your house
or real estate for you. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328;
If you have hotel, rooming-house or busi-
ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus-
tomers for all sizes and prices.
Buyers, see our list of bargains:
85 rooms; Sutter; central location; good tran-
sient house; rent $200 .'....$3600
49 rooms; Market; Al location; rent $170;
good furniture; sunny $3500
84 rooms; Van Ness; rent $1SO; boarding-
bouse; good furniture and carpets $33uO
27 rooms; Poet; transient; new furniture and
carpets: rent $115.... ' $2600
10 rooms; Mason; rent $70; partly unfur-
nished : sunny; good location; yard $800
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market: phone Black 4071
20 rooms and six kitchens; Ellis fit $1600
7 rooms and bath; rent ?30; O'Farrell;
worth $700; only 600
26 rooms; sunny: rent $110: Post 1800
10 rooms and bath; rent $40; Eddy 550
18 rooms; rent ?50; Third st.; cheap 850
Manyothers to choose from. . •
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market St.,
...Over "Wonder Millinery Store
24 rooms; rent $45; part cash $850
22 rooms; cheap rent; only 450
23 rooms; rent $50; part cash 1000
25 rooms: corner: clears $75 1150
36 rooms: rent $50; good 1625
A A A
M GRIFFIN. 719 Market, by Call building.
Lodging-houses of all sizes and prices for sale
and exchanged ; I will lend you part of the
money and get you a good title.
24 SUNNY rooms; rent only $70 $1700
17 rooms; all light: transient 1550
45 rooms; Post; half can stand 2500
35 rooms; Howard: well rented 1000
EITEL & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st, opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market; only..... $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished.... 600
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
18 ROOMS; Fifth St.; rent $65; price $1000.
12 rooms; Mason St.; rent $45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard; rent $80; price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.: rent $75: price $1500.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth st.
OLD established boarding-house; 25 elegant
large rooms; corner; fine grounds, with
stable; downtown; must sell; leaving; no
triflers. Box 2998. Call office. .
A — 15 SUNNY rooms ; S near Taylor and Post ;
low rent; best class roomers; cash buyers
only; $900. Box 2914. Call office. '
$3250— HOUSE. SO rooms; rent $45; south of
Market ; nicely furnished and good-paying
house; must sell. Box 3737. Call office.
FOR sale— 10-room rooming-house; 128% Ninth
st.; good location and cheap rent; rooms all
rented. ¦ ' --
$750 — 12 NEWLY furnished rooms; all full
. steady roomers; central. D. , McRAE, 837
Mission st. - . > .
$650— A BARGAIN; 15 rooms. 500 block on El-
lis st. D. McRAE. 837 Mission st.
SPIRITUALISM.
KNOW yourself— Self-knowledge leads to wis-
dom: learn to take advantage of the flood tide
that bears to fortune: send date of month of
birth for complete character delineation, prac-
tical advice, etc., 25c; 3 questions answered,
25c; lectures delivered by appointment; inter-
esting demonstrations; psychic cartomancy,
new in the field of occultism; send stamp for
particulars. "SPHINXIA," P. O. box 2165,
San Francisco. ' • "' • ¦
i ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium in the
world so sure of his occult power that he will
give every person who comes prepared a won-
derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
for answers, 1382 Market St., opp. Seventh.-
AFTER a severe illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice W
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed., Frl. eve. ; letters answered.
Resld. (no signs), 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkin.
FREE — W. Brockway, nervo-pathlst, locates
disease without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse, and prospect of
cure; nervous and chronic diseases treated
without medicine. 327 Larkln. cor. G. G. ave.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings fl. 1164 O'Farrell, nr.' Gough, Ellis car.
PROF. GEE. readings, ladies, -60c; gents, $1;
mall, $1; circles Tues.. Thurs., Sat., 8 p. m.;
10c. E13 Jones st. -. ' : ¦
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst, palm-
ist and card reading, 25c. 1241% Market st.
EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily: seances Tues. and Thurs.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, card
reader and healer. 146 Eddy st.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 3ftj Larkln st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. •
Meyer: sittings daily: tests to all to-night; 10c:
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible were it for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled in life, consult ISMAR, for she Is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come a proverb In thousands of homes made :
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily from 10 a." m. to 5 p. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her office, 1148
Market St., opp. Sixth. By mail three ques-
tions answered, $1. Full life reading, $5. . •
MME. M. BERNARD, ~7~~~ ""
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium,- permanent-
ly located 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble.dlscontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and .you will be told how to
overcome them." Valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the ¦ great clairvoyant, tells
past and future'; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215^. Sixth ;st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant &. card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; - palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
suits. 26% Kearny, r. 5, 6; hrs. 10 to 12, 1 to 7. -
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.-
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. 6th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 184S.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c up. 7 Seventh St. :
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st., bet. Sth and 6th.
YOUNG MISS ZEMDAR. clairvoyant; names
given: L. 50c: G. $1. . 1203 Market, cor. Eighth.
MME. RENNER, life, planet reader, palmistry;
ladies only; 25c and 50c. 725 Ellis st.
MME.. AUGUST, -clairvoyant." card reader and
. palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. - 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXG AND CLEANING."
WHEN you become disgusted -with poor work
- send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 853-S57 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.'
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister st. ; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.'
STEVENS, mgr., 88-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet- Beating and ¦ Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE- Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter stT-
•tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor. .
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, I Eighth st.; telephone Jessie 944/ .^ ¦¦„
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East -126.-" • _•"£': - ; .
iTtTiii f \t\\\mttmm*k\m 1 JImum n' i__».. r ¦¦. ¦ ¦¦¦ »_ ¦ 1 m 1 ¦ iftT^ifTT rfcnr '¦«'i_H»P~-mf 1
HELP WAyTEP— MALE— Cob.
A— MURRAY & READY..,. ..Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT-7 A. M.. MONDAY
1165 men wanted for different positions — all
parts of the Stated— wages from $25 and found
to 1105 ....;
CARPENTERS and MECHANICAL HELP
S carpenters. Sawmill Co *'5
Millwright. W day: ranch carpenter; 10 rough
carpenters, city. $2 50 and $2 75 day
Painter and paperhanger $15
2 carriage painters. $1 fare $50 and found
Blacksmith, country shop :..$2 50 day
4 ranch blacksmiths $40 and $45
5 blacksmith helpers, city and country;
hourseshoer. country shop. $2 75 day
..TO THE MINES
2 Burleigh drillers, fare paid.. $2 50 day and fd
Machine miner, see boss here $75 and found
Furnace man for mine -..$eO
25 laborers, different mines. $35 and $30 and
(ound
LABORERS
5 laborers, city work $1 "5 day
10 laborers, no experience required, sawmills.
woods and yards ».
; FARMS AND DAIRIES
6 men to work In hay field, $26 and $30: 17
farmers for orchard, vineyard and grain
farms W> and * 2 ?
11 choremen and choreboys $25. $20 and $lo
2 milkers, same dairy, fare $1 $39
16 milkers, different places $w and %3t)
2 dairymen, private place : "••-* 3 , 0
6 boys, city factory *> to $6 week
4 boys to learn trades •
Man and wife, small country resort, easy
place $40: 3 farmera and wives. $45 and $10.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay »t.
A— STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper. Lumber
Co., country position -' --i 60
MURRAY & READY. 834-636 Clay St.
A— HOTELS RESTAURANTS, etc. ......
Cook, city restaurant, no night or Sunday
work. ¦ $50: cook, country hotel. $10 week: 15
other cooks. $45. $40 and $35; 33 waiters. $3o.
$30 and $25; fry cook. $30; 4 bakers. $50. $4o and
• $40: 16 kitchen hands; shop butcher: saloon
porter $30 and found; clerk for bakery. _IjH-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
STOUT errand boy for printing office: chancw
to learn the business. LEVINGSTON. 640
Clay et.
WANTED— Gordon press feeder. 522 Market
St.. third floor.
COATMAKER wanted for Philadelphia Panta
House. 997 Market at., room 218. ¦
COOK wanted: must b« good on short orders;
wages $50. 9 Drumra st.
BOY about 14 years old to work in ladles' tall-
orlng establishment. Box 3757. Call office.
COOPER wanted to make half -barrels ; ateady
Job. 24 Commercial st. ______
WANTED— Painter, stageworker; also maa
with some experience. Call Sunday, J981
Twenty-fifth st. •
WAGON blacksmith and helper wanted at 1BS-
103 Fremont «t ;
UNEMPLOYED soldiers can earn $30 weekly.
Call for particulars 1208 Market, office 6.
WANTED— Boy about 17. LEVI STRAUS3 *
CO., 36% Fremont st, ________
"WANTED^Blacksmith' s helper. 637 Brannaa
street. .
WANTED— LOUIS BERKER at 1224 Point
Lobos ave.
WANTED— Recruit9 for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35;
not less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over •
feet 1 Inch; able to read and speak English.
For further Information apply at the Recrult-
lng Office. 40 Ellis 8t.. San Francisco.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, etc: fre»
scholarship In engineering awarded to fe-r
well recommended applicants. American
School of Correspondence. Boston. Mass.
GOVERNMENT positions; thousands of ap-
pointments from civil service examinations
held In all large cities; catalogue free.
Columbian Correspondence College, Washlng-
ton. P. C.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room- 412. Parrott building. • (
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only: salary $1200 and expenses. . Na-
tional, 302 Caxton bide., Chicago.
FIRST-CLAS3 waiter, for hotel lunch counter
In Nevada: wages HO per month and found.
Address Depot Hotel, Wadsworth, Nev.
SALESMAN to take orders in country towns:
chance to make from $5 to $1j per day; call
at once. 9 Leavenwcrth at.
WASHER for laundry. $2 50 to 13 per day; ref-
erence required. Box 2743, Call office.
WANTED — A good reed worker. H. J.
SCHMEHL. 204 Valencia st. <
WANTED — Boy for doctor's office. Box 300O.
Call office.
BLACKSMITH helper with some experience.
1221 Webster st.
CHEF who can handle busy kitchen. Apply
bet. 8 and 10 a. m.. restaurant 206 McAllister.
A GOOD paying 2-chair barber shop and bath
In best mining town In the State; rent $15.
HENRY FALK. Angels Camp. Cal.
WANTED — "Wagonmaker and blacksmith :
steady work for good man. Inquire JOB
PIEROTTI, Second and Franklin sts.. Oak-
land, CaL
BARBERS wishing to see latest, most practl-
• cal revolving chair called Autoback, call
STOLTZ'S Barber Supply House, 723 Market.
FOR SALE— Two-chair barber shop; good bus-
- iness; low rent; four living rooms. 1043 Mc-
Allister St.; a good bargain.
FIRST-CLASS" presser on pants. EELASCO-
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
COATMAKERS. pants and vestmakers for
country. Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter rt.
WANTED — Young man to learn Jewelry trade.
12C1 Market st.
WANTED— Errand boy with references. 230
. Bush St.. first floor.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hali
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade In two months, saving; two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a vie-
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay «t.
Beware of any cheap imitation-.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to> know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MATHEMATICAL instrument maker wanted.
Box 29G4. Call. , . .
WANTED— SCO men to buy new and 2nd-hand.
army (shoes. $1 up: scllng 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDOXALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO., 113 Kearny it.
ABOUT two more agents wanted at 347 ThtrdL
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st,
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
"WANTED— Men for salt works; « 50 to $2 50
daily; free fare. Address CARTER'S Salt
Works. Los Aneeles. Cal.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Stenart St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES AND WAUOSS.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale — Young, sound, gentle house, broken
to saddle and harness; weighs about 110O
lbs. Nob,Hlll Stables, Polk st., nr. Pacific.
BAY team. ( and 7 years old, weight 1200 lbs.:
also pray and bay, 7 and 8 years old. weight
1500 lbs., at Coal Yard. 809 Geary st.
SIX-PASSENGER^ hotel wagonette phateon:
platform spring dray: cheap. O'BRIEN,
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A— 1C0 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys., horses. 1140 Jfoisom.
FRESH young Holsteln cow; good milker; gen-
tle: sell or trade for tlry cow. 83 Shot we 11 st.
FOR sale— A good gentle horse; aloo wagon;
suitable for furniture business. 1153 Mission.
ONE good light team for sale cheap. Apply
5 Capp st.
FOR Sale— Stylish driving horse that lady can
drive. Metropolitan Stables, 1315 Stockton it.
"DOCTOR'S rubber-tired phaeton and horss
cheap. Excel9lor Stables. 923 Sutter st.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons In good
order for sale. 377 STiotwell st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts. harne«s.
• etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mis-Ion St.
GOOD business horses, wason horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN & No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
¦> camping wagon, for sale cheap. 5.?2 Miaaion.
HOUSES ~ TO ~ LET-— SA^g RAFAEL.
TO LET— Large house occupied at present as
boarding-house; large flower garden and
kitchen; plenty of fruit; will sell furniture;
easy payments; cheap rent for family. Ad-
dress A. R., P. O., San Rafael. O»t -
-
•AH FRANCISCO CALL.
BL'EINESS OFFICE of The San FrandBCO
Cm.:., corner of Market and Third streets; open
nntll 12 o'clock every night Jn the year.
. BRANCH OFFICES— €27 Montgomery etreet.
comer Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street: open ur.til P:30 p. m.
e38 McAllUter street: open until 8:W P- ~- ¦
CIS Larkln street; op-- until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
£261 Market street, corner sixteenth; open
tzntll S p. rn.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until S p. m.
1096 Valencia Ftreet: cpen until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twent--second and Ken-
tocky streets; open until 9 p. m.
CHLRCH SERVICES.
CALVARY and St. John'* Presbyterian
chnrches worship together at the corner of
California and Octavla sts. Dr. Hemphlll
will preach morning and evening, 11 and 7:30
o'clock. Solos of Eatter music will be re-
peated by request. Sabbath-school and Mr.
Johnston's Bible clasi after morning service.
Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m. Wednesday
evening »rvice at 8 o'clock. All cordially
!nvlted : '¦•: ..:¦-¦«¦
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.,
the Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D. D.. rec-
tor—Holy Communion, S a. m.; morning ser-
vice 11 o'clock; evening prayer, 4 o'clock.
Friday service for army and navy at 11 a. m.
The rector will preach.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mls-
elon St.. between Sixth ana Seventh— Dr. S.
D. Hutsinpiller will preach at 11 o'clock on
the topic, "Aspirations and Shortcomings of
Men," and at 7:45 on the topic, "Great In-
centives to the Highefct Life." Good music,
directed by Robert Lloyd. Free seats and a
cordial welcome for the people.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.. Rev. George C. Adams, D. D..
pastor— At 11a.m. Itev. W. J. Tucker. D. D..
president of Dartmouth College, will preach,
theme. "A Man's Soul and His World." At
7:45 p. in., sermon by the pastor, theme,
"Planted in the Right Place." The Easter
rouElo will be repeat«<l. All are cordially in-
nted.
SECOND Unitarian Ckurch, corner Capp and
Twentieth «ts.. Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore. min-
ister, residence, 625 Capp et.— Sunday-school.
t:4£ o'clock. Morning theme. "The Problem
Of Pain." In the evening William E. Colby
Will lecture on "The Heart of the Sierras."
FIRST Baptist Church. E. A. Woods. D. D..
pastor— Morning subject, "The A B C of
Christian Knowledge." Evening subject.
"Think for Yourself."
FIRST Church of Chribt, Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter st.. between Kearny st. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science Bible lesson at
U _ m., subject, "Doctrine of Atonement."
Sunday-school for children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-room, 206 Kearny St., room £10.
A free lecture on Christian Science will be
rl—n by Dr. A. A Sulcer. C. S. B.. in Met-
ropolitan Temple this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
AH are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ,
Druids' Temple, Folsom and Fourteenth sts.—
Preaching, 11 a.' m.. by John A. Safie, and
7:«0 p. m. by George S. Lincoln. This church
wei organized by command of God to preach
the restored gospel in the "hour of God's
judgment" as a "sign" of the end. Eunday-
school. 8:4S. All welcome. ¦
••POSSIBILITIES of Man" will be the subject
Professor Knox will lecture on In Golden
Gate Hall. €25 Sutter St. at 8 p. m. sharp.
Those listening to this lecture will gain much
benefit. Free admission. The First Mental
Sdenoe Temple hold their regular meeting at
11 a. m. Prof. Knox will lecture. The public
cordially Invited to hear both lectures. Piats
free. Collection will be made to meet ex-
penses.
THE Tbeoeophlcal Boclety — Public lecture to-
night at 8 o'clock in Odd Fellows' building,
subject, "Some Practical Thoughts on The-
O6ophy." Golden chain group for children at
11 a. m.
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
aX^rTjTaTkeRGAN lectures this evening
on "The Human Heart," at Crystal Hall,
Pythian Castle, 908 Market St., to be followed
by magnificent views of a tour among the |
Hawaiian Islands. Those attending may pro-
cure free tickets to the X-ray exhibition at
the Sanitarium next Tuesday evening; eaats
free; no collection.
THE Fosters will give their usual wonderful
and convincing seance at 305 Larkln. Occi-
dental Hall: the philosophy and phenomena
of spiritualism; Chas. J. Anderson will de-
liver and address at each meeting; grand mu-
sic and sweet singing; 6eance at 3. 10c; se-
ance at S, 25c.
DR. A. EMERSON CLARK will lecture at
Progressive Friends' Hall. 453 Eighth St..
Oakland this evening at 8 o'clock. Subject,
"The Spiritualism That Is True." Platform
tests and demonstrations.
A— DR. RINES' Spiritual Society. 909 Market—
11. free: 2:30-S, 10c; Mrs. Kotter, Seeley,
Maxwell, Mr. Swan, Wilson; election April
2l£t.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY: test meeting; ques-
tions answered; messages; sittings dally, .$1.
1164 O'Farrell St., Ellis-st- car; admission 10c.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS to-night, 11 Flood
bldg.. 8 o'clock; "The More Wonderful Cen-
tury* '5 BOc^
itRKOLD-DICKSOX'S spirit tests to-night, 10c :
readings dally. 50c, <1; spirit photos. $1. 148
Sixth St.
MRS. STODDARD-Convincing tests to all cir-
cles, 10c; Sunday, Tuesday; reading daily. 278
Ninth st.
C. V. MILLER'S etherealizing, materializing
eeance, S p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush St., near Leav-
enworth.
MRS. "WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay— Circles Sun-
day, Wednesday, 6; Tuesday. 2 p. m. ; sittings
dally.
MRB. Eberhardt; convincing tests to-night, 3250
224 Bt.; 10c: skeptics Invited; tel. Blue 954.
MRS. WERMOUTH. 416 Golden Gate ave. ; clr-
clues Bun., Hon., Frl., S p. m. ; Wed., 2:30; 23c.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night, free; 117 Larkln
Bt, lower hall; 8 p. m.; Mrs. Wrenn; others.
A FREE lecture on palmistry, with free read-
Iocs for all, this eve. at 8 o'clock. 423 Ellis st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN to-night, 909 Market
tt. ; questions answered, 10c; eltt'gs. 124 Rusk.
PROF. GEE, circle to-night; phrenological
readlnge; names given in full; 10c 613 Jones.
W. G. KEEOAS holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10a 148 Sixth et., 2d floor.
MRS. EVANS, 120 Sixth, r. 16; circle to-night,
i. 10c; also to-morrow eve.; readings dally.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night; 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. GILLINGHAM will read sealed questions
and flowers, 8 p. m., 10c. 305 Larkln st.
EARLE to-night. Pythian Hall, 909 Market;
Questions answered; tests, etc
MEI£TI>U!» — Lnivprnal Brotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non-
political and unsectarlan), the humanitarian
department of Universal Brotherhood Trill
hold lt» meeting hereafter on first and third
Tuesday evenings of month at Universal
Brotherhood Hall. 310 O'Farrell; next Tues-
day, subject, "The Crown of Labor," by Dr.
Jerome A- Anderson; muelcal selections; all
Invited.
MEETING NOTICES. *
ALL Odd Fellows are requested to ¦^¦¦|m- fl
attend the £2d «Lnniver*ary cele- gjagM-HjSgg:
bration and picnic, at Fernbrook : Sp : "5E»25?
Park. FRIDAY. April 16. Tickets "?3Wl^
51; children toe; train leaves foot of Market
st. » a. ra. THE COMMITTEE.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 310. L O. s?L2±U£r'
O. F. — Ail members are requested
to be present MONDAY EVEN-
ING, April 15, 1901. as Grand r?"* 5^
Master W. W. WATSON will pay the lodge
an official visit. Visitors cordially Invited.
B. ECOTT. R. S. C - XIXON - "• G "
NATIONAL UNION— San r-r~r — mi I.
Frar.cipco Cabinet will rl?_*_~»^
officially visit California ,7^*1
Council, 223 Sutter St..
TUESDAY EVENING, April 16. On this
occasion a reception will be tendered to
Friend J. W. MEYERS of Toledo, Ohio, sec-
retary of the National Union Senate. Everv
member of the order is Invited to attend this
reception. J. N. BUNTING, President.
T. H. HASTINGS. Secretary. -
THIRTY-FIFTH grand annual gath- . r»s.
ering and games of the Caledonian A uOj
Club of San Francisco at Shell >Kk_j£c
Mound Park. May 30. . . JfVfL ¦
. A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
BT. ANDREW'S Society— Annual v CTx.
family picnic will be held at Fair- A. l\jh
fax Park cn SATURDAY, May ¦WTTtf^'
4. 1901. St. Andrew's Society of
Oakland will participate. N
ALLAN POLLOCK, President.
GEO. ST. JOHX BREMN-ER. Sec?
AL»OI»TIOW.
A POOR woman with 2 boys wishes to give
one of 2 months for adoption to rich home-
a beautiful baby; blue eyes. Box 3715, Call!
GOOD home open for healihy boy and <irl
babies. MRS. MR. FUN'KE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
AGEXTS WASTED. ~~~
O. . C. C DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removinit superfluous hair: will
cot irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
rkln; personal demonstrations free; agent*
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. accy.. 42S Ellis.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott-bldg,29
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, APRIL 14, 1901;
REAL ESTATE CITTf FOR S A*.E>.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
- - 638 MARKET ST.
A GREAT BIO SNAP-42:4xl37:6 feet, on best
bituminized block of Pins st. north side; ele-
gant i residence of 11 rooms and bath, stable,
driveway, etc.: ground alone worth more than
price asked; rents low. -$50 per month; new
bank loan of $5000 can remain; larger mortgage
can be i obtained: price $C600.
BEAUTIFUL SITE FOR FLATS— 63 feet In
the famous Mission warm belt north side; 2
carllnes half-block; flats here rent for $37 50
per month each; price $3600.
PIERCE-ST. RESIDENCE— Elegant modern
house of 7 rooms and porcelain bath; light and
sunny; this is a charming home and thrown
away at $5250.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE— House.
8 rooms and bath; light and sunny: Halght-st
cars 1 block; bHuxninizsd street; price $2300.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT— 8 flats
of 4 rooms each; never Idle and paying every
month -$52. Why leave your money in the
savings bank at 3. per cent; lot 32:6 front;
price $5000.
SACRAMENTO-ST. INVESTMENT— Modern
house, 7 rooms and bath; also 2 rear flats; lot
25xlC3; beautiful neighborhood; closa to Flll-
more St., and the price only $6250.
ENTIRE- WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK—
Fronting on Park; 412x275 feet; 88 building lots;
3 blocks from Van Ness ave.: can sell this
for • the assessed value and for one-half of
what opposite property sold for; will consider
trade; price $21,000; oue-quarter cash, balance
mortgage, 6 per cent.
A LARGE BEAUTIFUL HOME, only one
block from the Park Panhandle; cars pass; 9
rooms and bath; $3500 bank mortgage can re-
main or can arrange more liberal terms. This
property absolutely MUST BE SOLD.
¦Speculators and homcieekers see this; there's
a thousand dollars profit waiting for you over
our price Of $5000. ANY OFFER SUBMITTED.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
¦ : ' 638 Market st
McAFEE BROTHERS.
103 Montgomery st.
FOLSOM-STREET PROPERTT.
50 feet frontage on the north side of Folsom
St.. between 7th and 8th; old improvements.
bringing a nominal rent; should be Improved;
price Sll.OCO.
RENTS $66; PRICE $6250.
House and flat3 on Vallejo 6t., in good condi-
tion; always rented: lot 43x137:6; north side of
street; sunny and commands marine yiew.
NEW FLATS.
Two new flats In good lobation ; 6 and 5
rooms: all the latest modern Improvements;
rents $50 monthly: price $4800.
FINE HOME.
In Pacific Heights on Vallejo St.. with fine
marine view; splendid- house of 9 rooms, nearly
new; price $13 fCO. ' .
HOWARD STREET.
• Between 18th and 19th, house of 9 rooms and
bath; lot 60x122-6: house stands on 25 feet; bal-
ance of lot could be Improved: price $9000.
INCOME PROPERTT.
Rents $2130 yearly;, price only $19,000; this
side of Leavenworth st.
MISSION HOME.
On 20th St., near Mission, 9 rooms and bath;
price $4100.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Business property in growing district; old
buildings; rents $75 monthly; should have mod-
ern bulldlne: price $18,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET STREET.
-Four flats near 8th st., overlooking baseball
grounds; rent $40; price $3750; owner anxious
to sell.
CAPP STREET.
Six-room cottage and bath; In warm belt:
price $3100.
VERT CHEAP.
Five-room cottage, new, on Jersey st, near
Noe; price only $2000; on easy terms.
FINE CORNER.
In Pacific Heights: marine and city view;
must be sold at once; size 45x100; price $12,000.
offer wanted.
. . Lots— Lots— Lots— Lot*— Lots— Lota.
Pacific Heights. .
- Presidio Heights.
Mission.
. McAFEE BROTHERS. |
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
MADISON & BURKE, "*
Established January, 1S5S.
¦ Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
626 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
Double house on Bush St.. near Grant aye.;
brick; rents $50; lot 38x63; $12,000.
$3000— Rents $27 50 per month; new flats;
Clara Et., near Fourth; 25x75; must sell; owner
leaving city.
$2500 — Offer wanted; brick improvements and
lot; Clementina St., near First; lot 25x75; $1000
mortgage can remain.
$8500— Twelfth st, near Mission; large piece
of property offered low for quick sale; 63x140;
mortgage of J6CC0 at 6 per cent can remain.
$15,000 — Beautiful modern house in . the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$2500— Twenty-flfth' st, near Sanchez; 8 rooms
and bath.' %
$5000— Post st, near Baker; lot and Improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:6; must be sold to
close estate. -
$r>coO— Fine St., near Scott; 2 flats; rents
$57 50; lot 25x137:6.
Laundry building with 3 flowing wella of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard st., between Flllmore and
Steiner; also lot 152x120 on Chestnut st.. in
rear; rents $73 per month; must be sold on
account of non-residence.
$10,600— Fine vacant property; lot 37:6x90,
with two corners: Taylor and Greenwich sts.;
just the place for a grocery. - •¦
$3600 — Cheap: Sixth st.. near Brannan; 2 flats;
there is good future for this property.
J7000— Harriet st., near Howard; lot E0x75,
holding frontage to Sixth st; rent $38.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Special Bargains in Park Property.
J'.CO to $800— Graded Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
$350 to $750— Choicest Richmond lots; easy
terms.
$75. $100, $200 to $350— Ocean Boulevard lots; '$5
monthly.
$75, $100 to $250— Level lots near Mlsslon-st.
cars; $5 monthly.
Very cheap— New modern l%-«tory cottage,
7 rooms and bath; choice location in Richmond;
easy terms.
$2500— Lot 25x137:6: north side Oak, near Brod-
erick; bitumen in street.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
54 Chronicle Buildine.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents collected and entire charge taken of
property.
$9000— Scctt. near Washington; facing pretty
park; choice neighborhood; fine home; 3 rooms.
Old Pioneer Hall, on Montgomery st., corner
Gold, near Jackson; can be repaired for a few
thousand; will pay well; good place for can-
nery. . '
$2000 to $4000 — Cottage. 5 to ' 7 rooms and
bath; we have a long list of these for sale at
bargain prices on very easy terms.
$3000— Lot on south side Chestnut st, west of
Hyde; 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
$5000— Lot NW. cor. Larkln and Filbert 40x
100; fine view of bay.
$3000— Lot SE. cor. Larkln and Filbert, 41x62;
pretty site for home or flats; view of bay.
J2C0O— Lots Green, near Hyde-st. cars.
' HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st
DAVIDSON & LEIGH.
80 M^ntgomsry Et. ; rents collected.
Full charge taken of property.
$165,000*-75 feet on Market st.; extra depth: re-
¦. tall district: ask about this.
$60,000—100 feet on Grant ave., corner Bush:
the original Poodle Dogr property; now
well rented: make offer • must be sold |
to close estate.
$60,000^ — Townsend Bt. : corner lot. 275x273; >
suitable/for warehouse: near Seventh. I
$23,500— Private hotel on Pine-street corner:
must be sold forthwith; 50 gunny
rooms: make offer.
$2000 to $5000— Investments, residences, cottages,
etc; a long list for sale in desirable
location; easy terms.
$200 to $350— Lots in Mission. Richmond and
. Sunaet: all sizes; easy installments.
CHEAP PROPERTY!
$500— Will be sold at a bargain: fine lot on
Lake, near 19th ave., one block from cars:
street sewered.
$900— Ocean View cottage, close to the cars; 5
rooms; 'Will be sold cheap; owner wants to go
East.
$2300— A handsome cottage home on I4th ave.,
pear Clement; one half block from cars; can
arrange easy terms; everything fine. .
$2750 — Pays 10 per cent per annum; flats on
Perry St.. near 6th; must be sold.
.$5500— Large mortgage can remain; owner has
to leave city, so will reduce price; house on
Sacramento st, near Steiner; 29x100.
$5000— Desirable Western Addition flats;
money la needed.
i McEWEN BROS., 119 Montgomery st.
NEW of flee; real estate and fire Insurance bro-
kers—Wanted—Lands and houses on sale and
rent. A. BALDASS1 & CO.. 206 Montgomery
¦ avenue.
$12,500— PACIFIC Heights modern residence.
. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market «t
MODERN cottages and flats! built; reasonable;
clans furnished. Salsbury, builder. 1333 Market
REAL K STATE-— CITT— FOB' 8 'ALB.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS \
FOR SALE BT
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
111,500— Laguna st. near Golden Gate ave.; lot
30x87:6; three flats; rent 195.
$20,000— Seventh St.. near Mission; 100 feet front-
age; rents $125; near new Postofflce. •
17000— Rents $S6; lot 50x75; store and flats on
rMch st. ' .
• $5500— Russ st,' near Howard; lot 80x100; large
house. • ¦ • •-• - "
$16,000— Lot 25x75; store and lodging-house; one-
¦ half block from Fifth and Market sts. ¦
$3000 — Twenty-fourth St., near Sanchez; lot 23x
114; two flats; must be sold.
$5500— Rents $54; Guerrero St.; business prop-
• ¦ erty," stores and flats; lot 37x87.
$12,500— Howard-st.' business corner; rents $30;
-• stores and flats. '
j - $8250— Seventeenth-st. business corner, store
and flats; rents $70. ~
$1750— Dolores St.; nice cottage; lot 25x100.
$1750— Church st.; big bargain; house 8 rooms
and bath.
$6000— Washington St.; 2-story brick building;
near Hall of Justice.
$45,000— Sutter st; downtown: rents $210; busi-
ness property.
$11,500— Rents $120; business corner on Washing-
ton Bt.; brick building.
$9600— Rents $80: Sacramento st; nice loca-
tion; lot 35x137:6; five flats.
$950— Cottage of 4 rooms, near Hyde and
Union sts.
$17,500— Four large downtown flats: 'rents $140
per month; extra large lot; Powell sf.
$16,500— Rents $150: lot 51x137:6; Montgomery
- st, near Jackson: large 3-story brick
bulldinj.
$32,600— Lot 60x87:6; McAllister St.. opp. City
Hall; frame improvements.
$6500— Rents J62 50; very cheap: three flats;
near Larkin and Washington sts.
$2800— Jones st., near Union; marine view;
house, 6 rooms and bath. .
$19,000— Renta $177 50; three new flats; Califor-
nia and Jones sts.
$12,000^ — Bush St., near Powell; 4-story and base-
. ¦ ment; pays well.
: $5000— Pierce st, near Haight; nice two-story
house. 7 rooms and bath.
$8500— Marine view residence; Vallejo st, near
Buchanan; lot 40x137:6.
$15,000 — Rents $110; Sacramento St., near Devis-
adero; lot 55xl27:SVi.
$20,000— Sutter-st. corner; 5 houses; rents $150;
told to close an estate; large lot. .
$14,000— Rents $110; elegant new flats, opposite
Alta plaza; Scott st.
$8500— McAllister st., near Laguna; rents J83;
lot 27:6x120 to rear street.
$5500— Lyon st, near Hayes; three flats; rents
tfO. ' i ¦ ¦
$14,500— Three flats, Hayes it; lot 35x137:8;
rents $100.
• BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montsomery st
SPECIAL— - , •
SUNSET LOTS, .
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
On the H-st. electric cars and fronting Golden
, ' Gate Park and the new Nine-
• i .- ' teenth-ave. uoulevard. • -
Lots and streets on official grades: macadam-
ized; plank sidewalks, gas and water service.
Money advanced for building purposes.
Call at once at our branch office, open
week days. Sundays and holidays, cor-
ner H st. and Ninth ave., south of
¦ Golden Gate Park, and ask to be shown
these beautiful lots. Full particulars
and price lists at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
...1 $5250
Splendid vacant coiner on Fourth St.: suit-
able for business, grocery and flats; stza
, 35xlCO; a b!g bargain; worth $200 a front foot;
must be sold this week; only vacant, corner
to be had. Apply to BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOMES ! ! '. HOMES ! ! ! HOMES ! ! t
On Very Easy Terms.
They Are All Bargains.
$7000— $1000 caEh: Ashbury, near Fell; 10 rooms
and bath.
$€700 — Leavenworth, near Clay.; 9 rooms and
bath. ¦ •
$6250— $1000 cash; Cole, close to Haight; brand
new; 10 rooms and bath.
$5500— $750 cash; Lyon, near Oak; 10 rooms and
bath. • - • ¦• m.
J4700 — Two brand-new, up-to-date houses; Clay-
ton, near Frederick; 7 rooms, baths, bil-
i liard-rooms, etc. ; $1000 cash, balance
monthly.
$7000— Laurel, near Clay (Presidio Heights); 9
rooms and bath; $1000 cash. :
$4000— Broderick, near California; 6 rooms and
bath. . /
$3500— Laurel, near Sacramento; 7 rooms and
bath.
$1500— Hayes et, near Central ave.; 5 rooms
and bath. • . ' • • .
$3000 — Fillmore. near Green; 5 rooms and bath.
$2750 — Brick house on Powell, near Green; 7
rooms and bath. ¦
$5100—5500 cash, $25 monthly; Castro, near
Twenty-third; 7 rooms and bath.
J2S00 — Almost new;- Liberty, near Castro; 7 i
rooms and bath; $1000 cash, $25 monthly.
$2650 — New . house. 6 rooms and bath; corner
-Utah and Mariposa; big lot. - • •
$2300— Twenty-seventh, near Dolores; 5 rooms
and bath; a sacrifice. . , ¦
$2eoo— Eighteenth, between Utah and Potrero
ave.; new house of 8 rooms and Oath.
$2500— $500 cash. $25 monthly; Twenty- fourth.
near Castro; almost new; 7 rooms and
bath. .. . ' - , ' . ". _ ¦
$2250— $3C0 cash; New house, 5 rooms and bath;
Nome ave.,- near Eighteenth and Dan-
vers sts.
flSOO — Colling-wood. near Eighteenth; 4 rooms
and bath. ' . -
$1700— $250 cash, $15 monthly: bay-window cot-
tage, i rooms and bath; Twenty-fifth
ave.,' near Clement st.
$1550 Twelfth ave.. close to the Park; 6 rooms
and bath. . .
$1300— Montezuma St., near California ave., close
to Folsom St.; 5 rooms and bath.
$1550— $200 cash. $15 monthly; Vlcksburj, near
Twenty-third; 7 rooms and bath.
11350— $200 cash. $14 monthly; brand-new cottage
on Wisconsin, near Twenty-fourth; 4
rooms and porcelain bath;- only a few
minutes' walk from Twenty-fourth-st
cars. - - ¦ • ¦ •
THET ARE BARGA^NI BARQAINg
¦ • LYON * HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
W F. AMBROSE & CO..
REAL ESTATE BROKERS,.
. 41 and 42 Chronicle Building.
WE ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY.
$40 000— Elegant downtown Investment; 40x80;
Stockton, nr. Post; substantial build-
ings.
$21 000— Manufacturing district: Beale. near
. Market.
$2600— Cheap Mission cottage; 5 rooms and
bath and stable; Diamond,. nr. 18th; 2Sx
125; rent $20 per month. .. ¦ •
$2500— Cheap flats; 4 rooms and bath each: rent
$21; brick foundation; st«ne bulkhead;
26x100; Bryant, nr. 24th.
$2500 To close an estate; 2 flats, 5 rooms each;
25x125; 18th, nr. Castro.
CHEAP LOTS.
$7000— McAllister, nr. Devisadero: 75x100.
$4000— Washington, nr. Cherry; 60x129.
$2200— McAllister, nr. Broderick ; 23x137:6.
$2000— Waller, nr. Belvedere; 25x108.
$110O-Church, nr. ISth; 27x88. ,
$1000— Second ave., nr. California; 25x100.
?iuuv-* w F AMBR OSE & CO..
41 and 42 Chronicle Building.
SUNNTSIDE.
$1500— House of 7 rooms; newly painted through-
out; 7 rooms and bath; this is a bargain.
We will loan you the monay to buy it.
$1350— New modern 5-room cottage; grand view,
worth. $2000; must" be sold; your own
terms.
$1250— Desirable 6-room ' house ;¦• this property
will be sold for mortgage; payments, $250
cash, $14 per month, same as rent
$500— Four-room cottage; large yard ;¦ suitable
for chicken ranch or market garden; good
windmill and all . fenced; - no payment
down; $8 50 cer- month. . ¦
•jOO—jrive-room cottage; splendidly located
near car line; in good condition: will be
sold to the right parties* for $100 cash,
balance $9 80 a month.. Here's a chance
to own your own home.
A. E. RUDELL,' 222 Sansome st.
Room. 2, first floor.
' INGLESIDE.
$6000— Beautiful 8-room modern residence; con-
servatory, stable and other buildings;
. lawn, flowers and shrubbery; lot 100x112:6;
small payment down, balance in install-
ments. ¦¦ ' i ' _-i
FOR sale-^A $6500 handsome U-room residence
- with a \ nice - improved . lot, located half a
block from, car line; south front;' splendid
view over the city and across the bay; only
$5000; easy payments. Box 3734, Call office.
COZT Eastlake home of 8 rooms, bath, laun-
dry, high basement" brick foundation; must
be sold; lot 35x100; 35 Hill st., near Guerrero.
. W. H. CRIM & CO.. IIS Montgomery st. ,
$2000— NEW cottage 5 rooms; $300 cash, balance
monthly. . "Jersey and Noe sts. : • . .
A 6-ROOM house in good condition; all latest
improvements; has bathroom, pantry, laundry
-in basement, porch closed In by glass, high
brick , foundation. 9-foot ~ basement ; 1 block
from cars; large garden; nice view; lot 35x
125- no reasonable offer refused. For sale by
owner.; 517 Thirtieth St., near Noe. : •
REDUCED from $1300; must be sold within
10 days-; $1200; 4 rooms, stable, well of water;
lot 114x25; street accepted by city; cement
sidewalk: plank side entrance. -• Owner, 415
Twenty-ninth st. Mission cars pass door. |
MODERN 1%-story cottage;, just built 1 year;
will be sold at a sacrifice; easy terms or cash.
• For • particulars apply 343 Lisbon I st, near
China ave. - ' : . . . > ; , r
HAVE you a house and lot for sale? We will
¦ fell it ¦ for you ; ' we are . making a ' specialty
-of dealing in homes. - THE MCCARTHY CO..-
61S Market st . '
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. 11. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NICELY furni-hed bouse of 10 rooms and bath,
conservatory, etc.; sunny and very desirable
32_4 Fillmore et.. near McAllister. G. h!
TO let— Palo Alto; 4S5 University ave.: a large
pleasantly situated 13-room house: furnished;
to let for 3 months from June 1: electric
lights, telephone.
J60—BRAND new house at 2S38 Flllmore. near
Gre f n V 7 T '•*£?£ « unn V rooms, etc.; never oc-
cwpled. LION & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
CORNER of Seventh and Howard Bts; 7 pun-
ny rooms and bath; hot and cold water.
TO let-New house, 6 large rooms, bath, base-
ment: mod, lmpts. 1222 Stflner. cor. Eddy.
HOUSES TQ LET KUKMSUEU.
AN 8-room house; wel7~nirnlshedT^ianoT^lce
****"& 1 in^3f owart 6t -= $40: * et Permit from
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market Ft.
MODERN, etyllsh, well-furnished house. 8
rooms or larger, by responsible parties: 6
months or longer; moderate rent. Box 3703,
Call office.
DESIRABLE sunny oorner Cat. 3 rooms and
bath; Oakland; $18. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
room z.
FOR • months, from May 1, comfortably fur-
nished horn* of S rooms and* bath. Apply
2918 Jackson et any day before 2 p. m.
PINE. 2529—6 rooms; rent moderate; adults
only.
HOUSES TO LET — SAL'SALITO.
SMALL furnished cottage for rent; adults.
Box 872E, Call.
HOUSES WAXTEO.
RESPONSIBLE party wishes to take chartre
of home of family leaving for spring and
summer; object, low rent. Box 3701. Call.
HOTELS TO REXT.
FOB rent cheap— Hotel of 32 rooms: near city.
Apply at Oogy Regtaurant. 1005 Valencia st. !
LOST AJfD KOU>D. "~
LOST— I diamonds and red etone pin; no ques-
tions asked; liberal reward. CHAS W
DIXOX. 214 Pine «t, room 3.
LOST— Moonstone and diamond stickpin; lib-
eral reward. LOUIS METZGER,*112 O'Far- :
mil «t
LOST— A pocket-bock containing money and
two keys. 2S^4 Fourteenth st.
LOST— I rreyhound bitches; one fawn and one
black. Return 335 Fell »t; reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbemla 6av-
lng« anfl Loan Society of San Francisco. In
the Bam* of MRS. ANNIE LAVARONL or
JOHN B. LAVARONI, No. 171-231. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST OR STOLEN— White pointer dog. red
spot on top of head between ears and on
back. Return 447 Bay St.; liberal reward.
FOUND— A foxterrier bitch. 117 Milton St., op- '
poelte old St. Mary'6 College, oft Mission !
road.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
MIXES AXP MIXIXG.
MONTEZUMA COPPER AND COAL.
Montezuma Copper and CoaL
Monteruma Copper and CoaL
Has It ever occurred to the reader of these
advertisements that the Montezuma Mining Co.
Las, by reason of its new coal leases, an im-
mense advantage over any other mining com-
pany less favorably situated? Such is the fact.
Vhe Montezuma Company will mine its own
coal, make Its own coke and burn that coke in
Its own smelter, thus reducing operating ex-
j *nses to the minimum. At the same time it
iv ill escape the probable exactions of the smelt-
Ir.e trust.
The Montezuma Mining Co. is selling- stock
tc continue development on Its 24 copper prop-
erties and to build a smelter on its own lands.
Over 40 men are working on the coj>per and
<f>al properties.
If you dor.'t know it now you will one day
owake to a realization of the fact that "Cop-
per is King," and that the Montezuma is In
a position to richly reward for a lifetime the
l.olders of its Ftock. We have In our office the
copper ores, the coal, the coke and printed
matter containing valuable Information.
Our special excursion for Tacoma' and Seattle
v.ill leave San Francisco June 15. Send for
excursion folder.
For a short time the stock is offered at 10c
r-er share cash or 12c per share on installments.
Any amount will be sold for cash, but not less
than 5'K) shares on the installment plan. In-
Ftallmer.t ter.-ns— LOO shares, $6 down and $6
monthly; 1(00 shares, $10 down and $10 monthly;
U.rcer quantities at proportionate prices: 3000
s-Iiares. j;0 down and $12 monthly, including
lrt-o round-trip excursion ticket.
L*id v ou ever before hear of a mining com-
j-any thet was willing and anxious to show its
1 roperties to its shareholders, big and little,
rnd would pay the expenses of a trip t/> the
n.ines? That's what the Montezuma will da
¦Write for prospectus.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Financial Agents,
210 Fafe Deposit building, corner California and
Montgomery sts.. San Francisco, Cal.
Telephone Main E8C3.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE. -
BOILERS, engines, ?d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand! we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
22 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can Ehlp everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1C21. 102J Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR Sale^ — Cheap; 1 covered wagon for ped-
dling, 10-foot bed, l£-lnch axle; also 1 light
road wagon, will carry 2 seats; both almost
new. Address H. OLSEN. Haywards. Cal.
S H. P. STEAM boiler. *7O; 5 H. P. Eteam br."
$45; 5 H. P. motqr. $65; % H. P. Hicks gas
engine, $35; lot of tents and bath tuba, cheap.
LIVINGSTON. ESS Mission Et
A — BUTS. eells or rents gear machinery, en-
rfnee, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A K MALL electro-plating outfit for less than
half cost; owner leaving city; can be seen by
appointment. Box 27C4, Call office. i
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
p_'.d. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st, S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
•ct: different makes ; call early for bargains.
TTPEWRITETR EXCHANGE, 409 California.
FINE buIU, JIO; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st
A— »3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, SSO Kearny st.. near Pine.
A GREAT bargain, new Jl'S sealskin Jacket for
ISO. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
1 CHIFFONIER. 1 coal oil stove. 27% Laskle
st.. off Mission, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FOR Sale— One Domestic sewing machine. 2T16
Mission 6t, near Nineteenth.
GAB. eteam, oil and mining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston, £5S Mission st., nr. 2d.
CANART birds; choloe stock; male and fe-
male. 1377 Minna, rear 15th; upper flat.
• H. P. cas engine, band saw, saw table; buzz
planer. 16S4 Mission Et.
FREEH family cow for sale. 142S San Bruno
ave.. city. ¦
BAR fixtures for sale. Grand Central Saloon,
»?S Market st-
FOR SALE— 5 large tents. 12xl« feet; $12 50
apiece. O. WEINHOLD. Lombard and Lyon.
200 LIGHT marine set directly connected; good
shape; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission Bt.
ENGINES and tjoiler-3; t-ecohd-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 B*ai« et.
Gasoline or distillate engines, n«w & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. £6 Bluxome.
TTPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
yiRPT-CLASP second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and made lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery Et.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
MAGIC lanterns, new atid 2d-hand moving pic-
ture*. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
6AFEP— New and eeconJ hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. gan Fran,
SHSCELLAXEOCS WAA'TS.
WANTED— To trade modern National cash
register (bronze) for one of same make with
tape 5c to 110 key. Adaress BEN HOWLAND
& CO.. Ninth and Washington sts.. Oakland.
LADY wants furnished room near Post and
Grant ave. in exchange for mandolin lessons.
Box B, ZOO Hayes et.
TINNERS' and plumbers' 2d-hand machines
and tools; _rive description. Box 2S7S, Call.
WANTED— An Invalid's carriage at PROF.
FOSTER'S Dancing School. 1358 Market St.
WANTED— Well-bred Irith setter pup. 3 to 4
months old. Apply box 3762. Call office.
WANTED— A delivery horse for the board. Ap-
ply £29 Haight »t.
GAS or gasoline engine: 2 horsepower. Ad-
dress EXGIXEEItUOSpearet
IT ANTED— Dog or bitch; Gordon setter. Llew-
ellyn retter or cpanlel. Box 2991. Call.
TILTON'S misfit parlor* wants masquerade, la-
dles', gents" clothing. 1L4 9th; tel. Folsom K22.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
MATTRESSES A N ki U P1IOL«*TEIIY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery; tel. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather- and hair
cleared; expert carpet cleaning: strictly reii-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 31S-320 Eleventh St.
MEUICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relie\'ed without pain;
no other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1C1S Markt.
DR. AND MRS.- DA VIES. 1228 Market, ladies'
specialists ; 32 years' practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn came day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market st, nr.
6th— Expert specialists ; well known and reli-
able: 23 yr6. experience: treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from ail female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. S42 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
ALL cases of female complaints cured; expert
for 37 yeare. Dr. V. Popper. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St., bet. Mason
and Taylor— Reliable ladies' specialist.
MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market
Pt., bet. Taylor and Mason; la'lies' specialist.
MONEV TO LOAN.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of ycur friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 0 and 10. 906 Market- St.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
€S0 Market Et. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY iiroposition. any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 856 Market
ft.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent In sum3 to suit in city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pian.is: no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.,- room 6S.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO., 321 Pnrrott building.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room o/l 6 Eddy st.
LOANS. JstorZd mtgs: city, country. 6%, undi-
vided ints.; estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott big.'
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS on (salaries without indorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson, 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral • or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'nlted States or Canada one year for ?1.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $2800; security 100 acres land worth
$4000, U. S. patent, and 2500 shares stock oil
company Just formed, selling at $1 per.
share; big Interest.- Urgent, box 3754. Call.
WANTED — $30,000 for 3 years. 10 per cent: real
estate security. Address box 29S2. Call office.
MUSICAL rVSTRUMEXTS.
AT BYRON MAUZY'S. 3C8 Post St.
Chlckerirg $40
Hallett & Davis 50
Dunham 75
Symphony ICO
Gilbert & Co 125
Steinway 150
Rlcca 150
Gabler 273
Steck Baby Grand (like new). 450
Bohmer Baby Grand (like new) 750
These pianos are all In excellent condition
and thoroughly warranted, and can be ex-
changed In three years for a new SOHMER
or BYRON MAUZY Piano.
Pianos rented— Squares, $1 50; uprights, $3
up, and rent allowed on purchase.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Privilege
given to exchange medium and low priced
pianos for a new Steinway any time within
three years from date of purchase. Beautiful
new uprights sold for $6 cash and $6 per
month. We offer to sell some good pianos at
?3. 14 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO., Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and
Eutter sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth St., Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella upright... $65 I Schiller ..$2G5
1 Emerson upright.. 65 1 Gabler 135
1 Vose S5 I Waverly 122
2 Steinways ....1S5 up 1 Fisher upright.... 119
2 Helnes 315 up 1 Mason-Hamlln .. 390
1 Hallet-Davis 4iS5 1 Hardman S3
2 Behr Bros ..357 1 Miller 125
and fifty other*: rented and rent allowed;
¦ rents $3 trp; we handle all makes; agents
for some of the' oldest and most famous
pianos In existence; agents wanted. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st. ¦
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
2S and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ' -
IT is useless for you to look elsewhere for bar-
gains, as we have lots' of them; you can buy
for cash or payments and have many styles
to select from. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769
Market st ' ¦
IF you want to buy a first-class piano eee
THE HAZELTON— none better. We have
lees expensive, but good Instruments: several
eecond-hand pianos; see them. DEWING
CO.. Flood building.
6 PIANO snaps— $60. $75. $80, $125, $130; easy
payments: also Apollo slightly uned. a bar-
gain. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell
et. Chlckerlng agency.
A PIECE of sheet music given with every
purchase at the musical Instrument depart-
ment. SMITHS' CASH STORE, 25 Market
St., San Francisco, Cal. %
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St., you
can tret storaze pianos almost for a song.
SECOND-HAND upright piano wanted for
cash; state price and make. Box 3703. Call.
FOR "pale— Two good violins and viola. Box
2956 Call. ¦
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st. .
FOR sale— Courtois slide trombone; new. Call
or address 741A Howard st.
FINE 3-T*?daI standard upright piano; I sacri-
ficed account of death. 613 Eddy, nr. Larkln.
$135— MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on sale.
217 Geary et.. room 38.
BEAUTIFUL new ptanos. $155 up: rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 2200 Fillmore St.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Steinway,
Knabe and others. BRUENN, 208 Post st
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. S01 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hartman; Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co., 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next HIbernia Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tones. HORNUNG,- 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 'Market Pt.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zi'hers.-old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 rages, sent to any address in the
United Ftates or, Canada cne year for $1,
postage paid. ¦
aiL'sic boxesT
MUSIC boxes— Paul Monaco, expert and the
best repairer and. maker on the coast for 13
years; fine Swiss & American music boxes a
specialty. 769 Market St.. bet. 30, and 4th.
south side: thoroughly understands his busi-
ness and the right party to deal with.
MUSICAL IXSTRUCTIOX.
PIANO lessons given; thorough instruction;
reasonable prices. 422*£ Grove St.- >¦'''¦
"offices axd stores to let.
AN eleeant store to let ' on . Hampshire and
24th sts.: the best location in the city for
grocery store: cheaD rent. Apply to owner.
Twenty-fourth at. and Potrero ave. .
DESK room for rent. 228 Parrott building.
FRONT furnished apartments suitable for doc-
tor or dentist. 253 Geary: call bet. 2 and 4.
. OIL.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil lands in the
best districts; Investigate; Fearless Oil and
Water Co.; a good investment; water trans-
portation; patented 5C0 acres choice oil land,
Colusa Co., $20 per acre; wanted a few Incor-
porators at cost of land en forty acres, 28-28,
Kern River. 4C9 Examiner bldg.; 464 Ninth
st, Oakland. , ' . ;'
AMBROSE HARRIS— Licensed Broker No. 6704,
Cll Examiner bldg., San Francisco, Cal.;
phone Black 91; we furnlph, without charge,
reports and advice upon the character, value
and future prospects of oil lands and the stock
of oil companies, listed and unlisted; orders
executed on either exchange. •
5 CENTS per share; the greatest money-mak-
ing opportunity ever offered; sold over 100.000
shares last week to the best people in town;
Fend for prospectus to the fiscal agents here.
PACIFIC STATES MINING AND INVEST- !
MENT CO.. 326 Post et. Open evenings. |
Agents wanted.
A SNAP— Thip Is your opportunity: 5000 shares
or any part In lots of 500 In oil company
which commences drilling next week; 'close
to the Bav City-Sunset: can be had if taken
by next Wednesday. Address box 3752. Call.
WANTED— 50 men with $100 to JoOO cas-h; must
be good, reliable men: money for development
of oil and mineral lands; Ftrictly legitimate
propositions. For particulars address box 3714,
Call office.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil Lands in the
nest districts; Investigate; Fearless Oil and
Water Co.; a good investment: water tran«-
portation. 409 Examiner big., 464 9th. Oakland.
-TOSFPH B. TOPL1TZ. 3H0 Pine St.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correjpcnderice Polleltfd.
TO lease— 10 acres. 30-28-28. Kern River field.
C6 Chronicle building.
r r )60O FOR 160 acres Kern oil land location. Box
376S, Call office.
OIL tanks, second-hand, tn good order; all
sizes: oheao. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
¦\V1LL, deed choice tract sf subsidy for boring
well, w; C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bidg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent?— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing: $1 per year.
OIL LANDS.
75.000 ACRES otl land in various counties for
l»nso Bpd sal?. ROBINSON. ?y. Op^ry St.. r. 6.
PAISTERS ASD BECOKATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. $1
up. Jensen * Bath. 308 Sixth: open evening.
EOOMS papered from $3 up; city Or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 31!) 3d St.: tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
hT^TEI?OME~FOSSELLI, Pc1e7:t7flT7a7mistr515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 581.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
OKQ r>. t'fxrPntrT.T,. t^Tvvr. Kxamln»r Mg.
**AltT.Ni£il!> WA.STiiU, .
WANTED— Doctor as partner on new dlscov-
ery. Box 2927. Call office.
PERSONALS.
ELDERLY widow lady with means and alone
would like to meet with another lady not un-
der 50 and must have means of her own;
must be refined and have good references;
object, rooming and living together. Box
3759, Call office.
YOUNG farmer would like to meet some poor
girl or young widow that would like a home;
object, matrimony. HARRY SHAW, San
Pablo. Cal. -
WANTED— To make the acquaintance of an
American or English lady; object matrimony;
' send address . where interview could be had.
Box 2?89, Call.
THIS is to certify that I am not responsible
for debts" contracted by my wife, MARGA-
RET TOMPKINS. she having left my bed,
and board. H. M. TOMPKINS.
YOUNG man, 33, stranger in the city, wishes
to meet young lady who has Urn* for amuse-
ments; object matrimony. Box 2957, Call
office. '
REFINED, accomplished American woman
wishes to correspond with honorable, cul-
tured, practical gentleman not under 40
years of age; object -matrimony. Box 3749,
Call Office. .
HARRY— O. K. ; am lonesome for you. JOSIE.
A— I*" your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 48S Geary Bt., and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
partu of the world; call or send for circular.
HOUSEKEEPERS- -By my method you can
keep meat perfectly fresh and Juicy during
the hottest months without ice, trouble or
expense; postal will get your money, 15c,
back "If my statement is wrong; quick; this
"may not appear again. F. R. DAWSON,
Folsom, Cal.
WANTED — Agents In every city to introduce
Lillle Webb California Olive Oil Toilet Soap,
Cream of Rose and Persian Cream. Ad-
dress Griffith Mfg. Co.. sole agents, 614 So.
Broadway, Los Angeles.
WONDERFUL — Your life revealed; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; send birth, date and 10c.
PROF. JOHN" MYERS, Lincoln Park Sta-
tion, Chicago.
ALL hair and scalp diseases; a guaranteed
cure; hair grown, falling stopped; shampooing
with harmless preparation. MRS. E. R.
DUNLAP, 6 Eddy st. ' ¦
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
MATERNITY VILLA— Mrs. Dr. Funke, 1416
Eighth st. Alameda.
THE Microbane Medical Co., removed to 411
Geary ut.. where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, fallinjr hair and dan-
druff; Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove superfluous hair; call and see
us. Microbane Medical Co.. 411 Geary st. •
CIGARETTE and tobacco - habit cured at
home: $5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS, 1839 Polk St., San Francisco.
REWARD— $1000 paid if your wrinkles,' freckles
or sup. hair return after our treatment; sam-
ple free at branch office. N. Y. Institute of
Dermatology. Glasgow bldg., 105 Ellis st,,S.F.
MARRIAGE PAPER. ~~ ~
Best Published— FREE.
THE CORRESPONDENCE, Toledo, Ohio.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute,. 121
West Forty-second st, N. Y. ' .
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or c^ain. at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 7CK« Flfth.Oakland.
A PHYSICIAN making a special study of dia-
betes desires a few more patients. Box 29S8,
, Call office. | ...
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market st., nr. Sixth.
OLD geld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
JAMES* Detect'Jfe Bureau, 127 Montgomery St..
room 21; phone Bush 289; charges reasonable.
(1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, J15 up. LEON LfiMOS 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 BO per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SCHOOL to learn halrdressing, hair work, man-
lcurtnjt: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. S2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
Ladles' & cents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. J. Sllverman, 984 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 1191.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restbres gray
hair to its' natural color; $1; at all druggists.'
"KINGSLAND Art Colors," for leather, wood
and photos, at all first-class art stores.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.'
HORISHIMA & CO., 248 Ellis; tel. Red. 1368.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;'
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.',
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. . - - -
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
. United States or Canada one year for $L- .
PHYSICIAN'S AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, .. successfully
treats all diseases of : the human body; sea
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
RKAL ESTATE-— C JTY-£OB 8ALB.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery «t.
$27,500— Near Fourth , and Howard . sts. ; good
Improvements; -. renting for $207 per
month; mortgage of $21,000 in Hibernla
Bank; 50 feet front; runs through and
fronting on rear, street; must be sold.
$7000— Two nice sunny flats on ¦ Devisadero
Gt., near California; 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; brick foundation, stone sidewalks
and all in good condition; renting for
$55 per month; 27x110. >
14750— Two nice bay- window flats i facing on
DuT>oce Park, containing 6 and 5 rooms
- ' and bath; brick foundation; renting for
¦ ,^/ $42 60 per month ; a splendid chance for
a sure investment. > ,
$8500— Two nice bay-window flats on Devisa-
dero st., near Haight, containing 5 and
7. rooms and bath; street bituminized;
half block from Halght-st. . cable cars;
: 25x100.
$10,000— Lot and improvements . on Market Bt,
. close to Sanchez; house has been con-
verted into two flats; mortgage -of $4000
at 6 per cent; can remain if desired;
one-half of lot vacant; 50x115.
$3500— Two-story bay-window house of 7 'rooms
an<| bath, on Geary st. opposite Ham-
ilton Square; street work done; cable
cars passing property.
$2800— Nic*. small Investment, near Nineteenth
and San Carlos aves.; store and 4 rooms
and fiat of 5 rooms above ; rents $3000
per annum; lower part occupied as gro-
cery; steadily rented; 25x80. •
$7000— Rents JSO per month; near Third and
i • Silver sts. ; Improvements In tenements
| of 4, 5, 6 rooms; 40x75.
< SSOOO— Business property on Pacific st., close
to Montgomery; Improvements renting
low at J600 per annum; mortgage of
$6000 can remain if desired; lot 45 feet
I front.
$18,000— Nice- corner on Valencia street; well
improved; renting to permanent ten-
ants for $126 per month; in good order;
65x117:6 to small street in rear.
$6000^ — Rents $56 per month; 3 cozy houses of
6 rooms and bath each and good base-
ments; near Valencia and Nineteenth
sts.; street bitumipized and in gosd
order; lot 50 feet front
$1400— Cottage of 4 rooms and _ bath, near
Twenty-ninth and Sanchez, sts.;. bay
• I windows; brick foundation; mortgage of
$9750 can remain if desired; 25 feet
front
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
HOUSES RENTED, "RENTS COLLECTED
AND FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF
PROPERTY,
624 Market Street.
$9750— Three modern flats, 6 rooms and bath
each: porcelain tubs and sinks; modern
In every respect; on Devisadero Bt. ;
rents $90 per month.
$?500— Buchanan st, near Golden Gate ave.; 3.
modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each: size of lot 31x51:16: rents $64 per
month.
$0000— Haight St., near Scott; lot 25x137:6; 3
fiats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
rents $C5 per month.
$7000— Shotwell-st. lot, 25x122:6; 3 flats; rent
$60 per month.
J6500— Broadway, north side; elegant marine
view; lot 27:6x137:6; fine neighborhood.
$¦•750— Nice residence on Lnguna St., near Ellis;
8 rooms and bath; in good condition.
$3600— Masonic ave.; brand-new house of 10
rooms and bath: all modern improve-
ments; lot 25x100.
$7500— Lot and improvements; on west line
Steiner St.; lot 25x110, -with 2 flats. 5 and
6 rooms and bath each;, rents J45 per
month.
$5oOO— Bush Et., north side; lot 25x75; house, 11
• rooms and bath. •
J5C0O— Nineteenth st., near Valencia; nice resi-
dence. 8 rooms and bath; lot 25xS5; rent
$25 per month; make offer; must be sold.
$3000— Shipley st* near Fourth; flats, 4 and 5
rooms; good condition; rents $33.
$1300 — Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; Iowa st.;
rents $12 50; modern.
Cottages in Mission, very cheap, on terms if
. desired: also cheap lots.
Further particulars of
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
Von rhein real estate co. (inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$12.000— Union st., near Taylor; 25:9x128:9; . 3
modern flats and rear house; rents $99 50.
$S250— McAllister St., near Steiner; 26:6x110;
house of 7 rooms and bath.
$7500— Jones st, near Lombard; 25x109-6; 3
modern flats; rents $65.
I $7000— Folsom St., near Fourth; brick bulld-
| Ing; store and flat: rent $65: 25x80. "
$550»— Buchanan St., near Post; 24x87:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$5125— Post st, near. Baker; 25x137:6; 2 flats;
rents $37.
$5000— California st, near Webster; 25x137:6;
house of C rooms.
$5000 — Corner Leavenworth and Broadway;
; cottage and 2 flats; rent $41.
! $4500 — Pine St., near Buchanan; 25x110; house
of 7 rooms. t
' $3900— Harriet st., near Bryant; 23x75; 3-story
building; rents $40.' - .
$3S50— California st.. near First ave. ; 24x63;
house of 8 rooms and bath. .
$3750— Jones St.. near Vallejo: 45:10x58:9; 4
flats; rents $40 60.
$3350— Clementina st.rnear Sixth; 20x80; nous©
of 6 rooms and bath: rent $25: '.}.*•
UNIMPROVED.
$18,000— Union, near Mason: 93:8x137:6.
$5500 — Greenwich St.. near Taylor: 45:10x137:8.
$4800— Union st, near Webster; 68:9x137:6.-
$3500— Fulton Bt., near Flllmore; 32:6x137^6.
$3000— Laguna st. v near Page; 25x100.
$2i00— Cor. Thirtieth and Dolores: 20:6x100. '
$1600— Florida St., near ISth; 50x100. .
$1250 each — Dolores, near 30th; 25x100; 2 lots.
§1000— Emma st, near 14th; 25x90.
$650— Lake, near 13th ave.; 30x72.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
$1900— Nice building lot, 25x100; street ac-
CeP CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$2250— Near Hamilton square; very sunny 2-
story house of 6 rooms and lot; could bo con-
verted Into flats at small outlay.
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT NET.
$3100 — Rents $480 per annum; substantial 8-
story and 2-story in flats and lot, near Fourth
rya NICE SUTTER ST. HOME.
$6000— 3-story house of 9 rooms and bath;
brick foundation; stone walks, etc.; could be
converted Into 3 flats at email outlay; one-half
ca?h, balance at 6 per cent.
CORNER MISSION WARM BELT.
$6500— A bargain; elegant 2-story bay-window
residence of 10 rooms and bath. etc. ; very
SUnny VER#°CHEAP X9 BROADWAY LOT. !
$8000— Grand unobstructed marine view;
41-3x137:6x74:2 wide; in rear
SUNNY SUTTER ST. FLATS. -
$9300— Rents $S40 per annum; 3 very nice sub-
stantial modern flats of 7 rooms and bath
each. 27:6x137:6.
Different list in each newspaper. ,
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO.,
138 . Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine st, near Montgomery.
$2250* each— Rents $23 per month: two 2-Btory
double flats, near Bryant and Sixth sts. ; a
8I $5000— A fine double flat opposite Golden Gate
Park and Stanyan st; rent $45 per month.
$8000— Rents $744 per annum; 4 flats of 5 and
6 rooms and bath at the entrance to .panhandle
° $22 a 500^-Rent $1380 per annum; on McAllister
st near Laguna; 55x120 to rear street.
$240O-Rent $180: Eighteenth st., near Dolores.
$23,500— Rent $1620 per annum; on Polk St.; a
*$'O 500^-Rent $1680 per annum; on O'Farrell
st, near Hyde; a pickup.
$11.000— Rent $H88 per annum; large corner
property: stores and flats.
$4500— Make offer; rent $385 per annum; 2 fine
flats on Folsom St.. nr. Fourth; always rented.*
$10 000— Five cottages and lot 100 feet front by
S2 6 feet depth; on Eddy Bt., near Scott.
$5750-Rent $535 per annum; a fine 3-story
house, store and 2 flats upstairs; on Geary St.,
near Fillmore. ¦ . . ¦ ..-
.$4000— Credit sale of a park panhandle prop-
erty on Oak st.,' near Central ave. ; fine cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x110.
$1400— FINE business and residence lot 30x100
on Point Lobos ave., next corner First ave.;
no reasonable offer refused. ,™_,., A
$475— Half cost: 8 lots, making 200x120;
ready to build on; near electric cars. •
i-joco—cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x
¦137: cm Sacramento st.P.. ROTHERMEL.
507 California st.
SPLENDID bargains in Richmond; choice lots
for «ale at nearly one-half of the original
cost, with all Btreet work done and ready for
building; payable in installments to suit; cars
passing in front; get your home, it is cheaper
than paying rent; only a few left. W. J.
GUNN, 530 California st.'
J300C— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath, high base-
ment 30-foot frontage on Twenty-sixth st.,
between Valencia and Mission; street bltum-
ln'lred; handy to seven car lines; easy terms
j if desired. Owner, 318 Clay st. .
WILL exchange for good unimproved city lot
or modern city, cottasre and "pay cash differ-
ence; a 5 room, bath and basement modern I
cottage; nice neighborhood. East Oakland;
handy to local trains and cars; always rented
same tenant. E. B.. box 3755, Call* office.
HAVE you- vacant property? We . will ' sell
It for you; we are building homes and flats
in every section of the city; we have pur-
chasers , that will build on your property.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market et. .
FOR ' SALE— Fine Income paying property;
N W corner Golden Gate ave. and Seymour
ave., eapt of ¦ Devisadero st. ; three- elegant
new modern flats ; see . owner ¦ on • property
daily. ...;.¦ - ¦.-. -.- -. ' •
PROSPECTIVE business property. 100 feet
south of Folsom st.,: between 1st and 2d; lot
50x87:6; house of 7 rooms, t L.' PETERSON.
644 Mission st , -
$2700— 6-ROOM houses on easy terms; up to
date; Elizabeth st. near Douglass. . J. AN-
DERSON, builder. \; ;' .
A PXAP— Washington st. , lot ; - marine view ;
must sell to close estate: make offer. THE
McCarthy, co., :,64s Market, st. ;; -
FOR, sale-^Well -constructed, modern residence,
' 8 rooms and bath. In , a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
FOR sale cheap — i rooms and bath cottages. 52
and 54 Prospect ave.. Mission; terms. .
NEW 6-room home on Clipper, bet Church and
Sanchez. H.- FEIGE, builder; •.terms. ¦;.•;.;
FOR the best: located lots in Richmond and the
cheaxes t call ' on W. J. Gunn 530 California,
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
218-220 Montgomery st. Mills Building.
READ THEM ALU THET ARE GOOD.
LARGE INVESTMENT.
$140.000— Magnificent 6-rtory brick building:
close to Union Square; pays 6 per cent net
after paying all expenses. Including taxes. In-
surance, etc. ; for -full particulars apply at this
office.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$45.000— North side of street, close to sew
residence now being erected by Mr. J. D.
Spree kels: view of bay. Alcatraz Island and
Afount Tamalpais; absolutely unobstructed:
house modern, substantial; beautiful entrance j
hail with three handsome stained glass win-
dows: hardwood floors on main* floor and In up-
stairs hall and three bedrooms; electrto lights;
handsome fixtures; 7 bedrooms. S baths, trunk-
room, storeroom, furn&ce, etc.; largo lot, SS:9
foot frontage.
A MARINE! VHiTW RESIDENCE*
$13. COO—
North sld* of Vallejo St., between Buchanan
and Webster: lot 40 feet front by 137:« feet in
depth, with modern residence of 12 rooms and
2 baths: hours about h years old: Inspection
will prove this to be one of the biggest bar-
gains In marine-view homes ever put on th«
market; lot and Improvements have been ap-
praised by competent brokers at over $15,000.
INVESTMENT— PAYS 14 PER CENT.
175(0 — Rents $92 per month; south of Market
st; between Third pn.t Fourth; call at our
offlc-3 for full description,
POWELL-BT. LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS.
$4300— Rents $42 50; lot 21:11x43:9 feet to rear
street; Improvements consist of three flats.
LOT A*T> IMPROVEMENTS. ¦
J6730— Lot 80 feet front by 60 feet depth:
Leavenworth St., near Broadway; improve-
•ments are four 2-story house*, renting for
$33 50; certainly an decant proposition for in-
vestors.
CORNER FLATS.
$8000— Corner of Buchanan st. ; modern flats:
renting for $64; lot 24x31:3 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$2100— Fair Oaks st. near Twenty-fourth; •
rooms and bath; lot 25x108 feet; mortgag* of
$1000 can remain at I cer cent.
$3250— Florida st. near Twenty-fifth: lot t7x
1C0 feet, with bouse of 2 flats; rents $27 50; you
can pay $300 cash, balance tn monthly pay-
ments of $3iS 65 or less If desired.
$4000— Corner Oak and Baker Bts.; 25x94:10*4:
facing Park Panhandle.
$3750— Ninth st, near Bryant; lot 25x100 feet:
cheap.
$2000— West lino Church st. south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
$15; modern; lot 25x100; a bargain.
$1SSO — Price reduced from $2350: modern cot-
tige on Second ave., near Point Lobos; 5 rooms
and bath: lot 25x120; or 50x120 for $2750.
$8000— Three modern flats; Jackson st. near
Broderick: rents $78 50; for sale at less than
cost.
$2750 — Marine view; corner of Vallejo st., near
Jones; 34:6 front; Improvements rent for $21.
$7750— Reduced from $5000; elegant Presidio
Heights residence, with S bedrooms: first floor
has hardwood floors throughout: finished base-
ment with furnace, etc.; lot 34:4Vs®127:SVi; ana
marine view. -.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., N
213-220 Montgomery st. Mills Building.
$8500— MAKE offer; Webster St.. near Clay;
modern 3-story house of 14 rooms, 4 toilets. 3
baths, stationary washstands. electric bells,
large rooms; brick foundation; street accept-
ed; could easily be rented in 3 flats and pay
large Income.
First ave. boulevard, near Presidio; 10 flna
lots: corner: easy terms; small cash pay-
ment.
$1750— Wayland st., near San Bruno ave.:
large lot. 40x100; cottage of 6 rooms; stabla
for 6 horses; well, windmill, etc.
$450 — Bargain: Twenty-second st.. near Eu-
reka: lot 28:9xS0; street work done.
$300 each — Sacrifice; 2 One lota on San Bruno
ave.; electric cars pass.
R. J. MERCER & SON, 412 Pine st
$12,000— FOUR new. up-to-date flats, near Park
Panhandle; 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; rents $110; bank mortgage $8300.
$4500— A snap; north Harrison, between 5th
and 6th; two 2-story houses of S rooms
and bath each; rents $40.
$6000— Two new, up-to-date flats In Western
Addition; 7 and 11 rooms and bath re-
spectively: renta $35.
$7000 — To close an estate; a bona-flde bargain;
a very fine residence, north side Callfor-
, nla st, near Buchanan; lot 27:6x132:3.
Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery
st., room 3.
$2800— MODERN house of 7 rooms and bath;
-grand marine view.
$4500— Four flats of 4 rooms and bath each;
rent $50; lot 41x80.
$300 — Lot on C St., near Fifteenth ave.
$63 only for lot south of Park; very cheap,
P. W. MORRI3SEY. 630 Market st.
$8750— JUST completed; Pacific Heights; artls-
tic residence on Jackson st, near Baker,
built by day work, containing 11 sunny
rooms; very handsomely decorated: mosaic,
marble and Roman brick finish; heaters and
registers; electrlo service and every known
possible convenience- required in a flrst-claas
residence; terms to suit. Apply on abova
premises from 10 unlil 2 o'clock.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh,
and Douglass sta.; must be sold; 80x114 fett
. $1600— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 25x
127:6 feet.
SEE that nice cottagv for sals cheap on Fol-
som and Stoneman sts.
LOT In Mission— Corner, I3x'J0: desirable lo-
cality, residence district: suitable for grocery.
no opposition. Apply 791 Stevenson at.
IF you have lota to sell north of the Park."
then call on W. J. GUNN, 530 California st
Klv\l. KST.VfK COtNlKV Kdr Sale
WOODWARD-CUSHMAN CO~
11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
$35,000—670 acres situated In the beautiful
Napa Valley, % mile from R.R. station; highly
improved; fine dwelling houses and barns;
fenced and cross-fenced: numerous springs;
rich valley and wooded hills; one of the beat
pieces of productive property In Napa Co.;
fine climate; liberal terms of payment
WOODWARD-CUSHMAN CO.,
11 Montgomery st.
$15.000 — AN attractive country home. Contra
Costa CO.; 90 acres highly Improved and pro-
ductive; many natural advantages; good
climate; commodious dwelling of < rooms.
4X00 fruit trees, almonds, cherries, pears,
prunes,, peaches, apricots, orange, qulnc*.
persimmons, plums, olives and figs. 8 years
old, full bearing; natural springs; terms $5000
cash, balance mortgage 7 per cent, or will
exchange for city or Oakland property.
WOODWARD-CUSHMAN CO.. 11 Montgom-
ery St.. S. F. » " '
$5000 — Orchard home of 4 acres; variety bearing
fruit trees; house of 9 rooms; barn and ware-
house; living creek; personal property. Hay-
wards. Alameda Co.. CaL WOODWARD-
CUSHMAN CO.. 11 Montgomery »t-. 8. F.
$3500— Attractive home; new house of 9 rooms;
lot 60x160 feet; Frultvale. Oakland; photo »:
office; $2000 can remain on mortgage. baL will
accept small ranch or land near city or sub-
mit cash offer. WOODWARD-CUSHMAN
CO., 11 Montgomery St.. a F.. Cal.
3500-ACRE stock ranch on line of new rail-
road, north of Uklah; good house and barn:
some grain land ; abundance of wood and
water; will keep 2000 sheep or 250 cattle and
hogs ; reduced to $3 60 an aors to cloa« an
estate. 1200 acres Improved, with 20CO shee-p.
and all Dersonal property: rents for $1700
cash; $26,000. Address P. ROTHERMEL. 607
California street. ;
$550— A SNAP; 15« acres redwood and tan oak
timber land near road: west of Uklah.
$2500— Stock ranch and farm, 900 acres; on
creek- 7 miles from Ukiah; 40 acres bottom
land, rest pasture; well watered and wootf^:
house and barn; orchard, etc. P. ROTHEI4-
-MEL. 507 California at.
$2000— FRUIT and poultry farm, 20 acres; 1
mile from Healdsburg; 15 acres orchard and
vineyard; tools and stock; house and barn.
$1800 — 10-acre farm near Santa Rosa; new
5-room house, barn and orchard.
$12 0C0 — 320 acres near Windsor: 40 acre* tn
vineyard- good improvement": will pay 10 per
cent: Address P. ROTHERMEL. 607 Califor-
nla st. '"
CHOICE redwood timber lands in Mendodno
County. 150 to 5000 or more acres at from
$4 to $10 an acre. Apply to P. ROTHER-
MEL. 607 California Bt '
160 ACRES stock ranch for sale or trade on,
easy terms in Lake County on coonty road;
near school; value $1800. W. L. FOSTER,
Kelseyvllle, Lake County. Cal.
ONLY $12 50 per acre— 320 acres on the AlA«
meda Creek. Atameda County: good house. I
rooms. 2 large barns, etc.: fenced and cross-
fenced; good stock and hog ranch: no wast*
land* a genuine bargain and must be sold.
' H. H. CRANE. 508 California st
20 ACRES lemon land In Linda Vista. Irrigation
district. 12 miles from San Diego City, to
trade for San Francisco real estate; valuation
$700. R. E. LANE. 245 Townswid St. . •
BARGAIN— For sale or lease. 4% acres: near
San Mateo; g»od soil: level: improvements.
Call at 5 p. m. at 207 Church st. •
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. .by Call bldg..
sells hotels, lodging-houses, stores, etc. Print-
ed lists of farms and city property for sale.
160 ACRES of land and some cash to trade for
a etock of merchandise. Address L. H. MON-
ROE. PlacerviUe. Cal. •
IN Mill Valley, a nice home for sala cheap
on account of departure. 528 Turk st. 8. IT.
For Additional Classified Advertliie-
ments See Page Thirty.Mrs. Fairweather's Lecture.
The first of the course of seven lectures
given under the auspices of Mrs. Mary
Fairweathfcr'a Saturday morning class
was delivered at Golden Gate Hall, 635
Sutter street, yesterday mornln?. Its
title was "Sordello: Mari va. tha Bard."
Threw Bread at the Cook.
Looey Gon, a cook In the Hotel Grenada.
Sutter street, appeared before Judge Fritz
yesterday on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. He was accused by Wil
liam Holzhauser, bakrr at the hotel, with
trying to cut him with a butcher knife.
The defense was that Holzhauser always
threw the bread an.l buns at the cook
Instead of delivering them In the proper
manner, and they had some words about
it. The baker assaulted the cook and the
latter seized the knife to defend himself.
The Judze took the case under advise
ment till Wednesday. • ¦
Adds Perjury to Theft.
James Corcoran, a ship's steward, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday by
Detectives Dinan and Wren on a charge
of grand larceny. Corcoran and Charles
Larsen. a saloon-keeper on Stevenson
street, were drinking with two women
some nights ago. when Larsen missed a
diamond pin valued at $100. Maggie O'Dea,
one of the women, was arrested for the
theft, but she protested her innocence,
and when the case came up before Judge
Mogan he dismissed it. Corcoran was a
witness for the prosecution. Since then
the detectives have ascertained that Cor
coran pawned the Din for $22.
Works. --V
The ordinance recently adopted by the
Board of Supervisors, imposing a fee for
trenching work * done by light and fresh
water corporations, has been found to bo
insufficient to carry out Its purposes. Tna
ordinance provides for a scale of fees
which would bring an Income from tha
several corporations of about $600 per
month.
At present there are two Inspectors em
ployed to attend to this work, whose
salaries are paid by the city. A new ordi
nance has been prepared, which will be
submitted to the Supervisors to-morrow,
providing that no trench shall be opened
by any corporation without first obtaining
a permit from the Board of Public Works.
The corporations contend that under the
State constitution the city can only en
force the filing with the Board of Super
visors of a good and sufficient bond, guar
anteeing the condition of the streets after
work has been done upon them, and also
that notice of their intention ¦ to do any
work be given t,o the proper authorities.
The courts will immediately bo asked to
pass upon these questions.
WILL SUBMIT A NEW
1BENGHXN-Q OBDWANCB
Provides That Corporations Host Ob
tain Permit From Board of
"He could have had the whole store,**
remarked the second-hand dealer, when
telling his troubles to the police yester
day, " as I was convinced that the tele
gram was genuine. How Ficklesteln knew
that my brother lived In New York is a
mystery to me. He called him by his first
name, and claimed that he was Intimately
acquainted with him. As I thought he
was telling the truth I readily gave him
the articles he desired."
Ficklesteln promised to return the fol
lowing day and settle for the goods, but
he failed to keep his word. Since then be
has not been seen and Eckstein Is satis
fled that he has left the city.
M. Eckstein, who conducts a second
hand store at 910 Kearny street, has asked
the police to arrest an ex-soldier named
Fickelstein for swindling him out of $70
worth of clothing, jewelry and a brace of
revolvers. Several days ago, according to
Eckstein's story, the ex-soldier visited
Eckstein's place of business and showed
him a telegram purporting to have been
sent by the second-hand dealer's brother,
who Hve3 in New York, telling him to
give Fickelstein all the goods he wanted
on credit, as he was good for any amount.
Thinking that the'telesram was genuine
Eckstein allowed him to select the most
costly garments in the store.
M. Eckstein, a Second-Sand Dealer,
Is Imposed Upon by an ex-
Soldier.
SWINDLER USES
BOGUS TELEGRAX
Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor of the
Howard-street M. E. Church, will preach
this morning on "The Victory of tha
Cross," and in the evening on "The Com
mon Salvation."
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "Tha
Crisis in Peter's Life," and in tha evening
on "Turnins Over a New Leaf."
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California-street
M. E. Church will preach this morning 1
on "Am I My Brother's Keeper?" and In
the evening on "The Influence of God's
Kye." _ . . . . _
Rev. W. M. Woodward of the Epworth
M. E. Church will preach this morning
on a theological subject.
Rev. A. E. Ulrieh of the Richmond M.
E. Church will preach this evening on
"How to Protect Our Homes."
Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller of the Central
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"Our High Aspirations and Our Short
comings." and in the evening he will
preach on "Many Influences to Make Us
Christians."
Rev. T. Brown of the A. M. E. Zlon
Church will preach the annual thanks
giving sermon In Marechal Niel Lodga
No. 4. K. of P., this evening.
The Most Rev. Archbishop P. W. Rlor
dan will administer confirmation to a
large class of children In St. Rcse'a
Church at 11 o'clock this morning.
Very Kev. J. J. iTendergast. V. G.. will
deliver the discourse at tne II o'clock
ma&s in bt! Mary's Cathedral this morn
ing. Kev.. Edward Denipsey will preach
m Ke h v. Kafnef "Culligan. S. J , will deliver
the sermon at the 10:30 o'clock mass la
St. Ignatius Church this morning. ii«v.
Father aasia, S. J., will preach in the
eV Kev° S E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church wili preach this morning on *"Tba
A B C of Christian Knowledge, and In
the evening he will apeak on tne topic,
•Think for Yourself."
"The I>octrine of Atonement will be
discussed at the meeting of the First
Church of Christ, Scientist. 223 Sutter
street this morning. In the afternoon
Dr A. A. Sulcer, C. S. B.. will give a freo
lecture on '•Christian Science" In Metro
l a . t "\V j. Tucker, D.D., president or Dart
mouth College, will occupy the pulpit of
the First Congregational Church this
morning. In the evening Rev. George C
Adams, the pastor, will preach.
Rev. F. Vernon Jones of the Parlc con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on i'Give Us This Day Our Daily
Bread." In the evening he will tell ot
"The Good We May Do."
Kev. Eugene H. Avery, pastor or the
Westminster Presbyterian Church, will
preach this morning on "The Good Exam
ple of Mr. Standfast." ] i
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, pastor of th©
First Unitarian Church, will preach tnl»
morning on "The Dignity of Human Na
ture." • _ . ,
Professor Knox will lecture In Golden
Gate Hall this evening on "The Possibili
ties of Man."
A mass meeting for young men will b«
held In the auditorium of the Y. M. C. A.
this afternoon. Rev. H. H. Bell will
preach.
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie will preach this
morning to the congregation of the First
Presbyterian Church and in the evening
Rev. Dr. Guthrie will occupy the pulpit.
Rev. J. S. Thomas of the Howard Pres
byterian Church will preach this morning
on "Towers. Bulwarks and Palaces." and
in the evenins he will preach on "The
Lost Jesus."
Archbishop Biordan "Will Administer
Confirmation to a Large Class ot
i Children in St. Boss's
Church.
Subjects of Discourses for
the Sabbath -Day
Services.
TIMELY THEMES
TO BE DISCUSSED
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL, 14, 1901.
30
REAL L.STATE — COPJTTRY — For Sale
BEAUnFTL BAN MATEO.
Ideal Suburban Homes.
Mild Climate.
Only forty minutes' ride from the city on ¦
the Scenic Overland Coast road; plstureeque !
elevated sites on the Bowie estate; the cream ,
of it all; 6 to 15 minutes' walk to th<» station;
water eupply ruaranteed.
Do you love golf, polo, yachting, sea rathlngT
San Mateo, famous the country over aa the
home of all out-door 6ports. Do you want a
home there? 6EE
McAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery St.
THE MEZES TRACT AT BELMONT. ~~~
Containing over 500 acres with many beautiful
lots, covered with oaks and other trees and
commanding grand view; within one hour of
the city; In subdivisions; prices only $.5 per
acre and up. _ .
For maps and particulars address
McAFEE BP t OTHERS. IPS Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA CO.. NTCAR HAYWARDS DEPOT. >
J16.500— Formerly $25,000; 31 acres magnificent
fruit ranch; city etyle residence; a big bargain, j
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY.
JR500— Snap; 175 acres near Oakland; well-Im-
proved ranch; oil indications; cost $14,000; Santa
Fe operating California-Nevada R, R. will
double value.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Elsrhth street. Oakland.
ATTENTION. Home Seekers!
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In
Income producing orchards, vineyard, grain and j
ctock farms, many of which are bank foreclo«- 1
ures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush, hav-
ing had forty years' knowledge and experience ,
in the value of lands, and being- the owner of :
an income producing orchard and vineyard, j
can intelligently direct intending buyers to the
best lands and bargains in the State. Send for
new catalogue.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 10 Montgomery st.
$500—27 ACRES near town; Lake Co.; house,
barn, etc.: 3 acres bearing orchard; abund-
ance of water.
J1100— 12 acres near town. Lake Co.; 4-room
house, bam, etc.; family orchard; also 5 acres
youns: pear orchard.
$12C0— 30 acres near town. Lake Co.. on main
county read; 5-room house, barn and out-
buildings; 14 acres bearing orchard, assorted
varieties; a snap for some one; must be sold.
C. F. MOORE, 035 Market et.. room 6. j
$8G00 — TIMBER, vineyard and stock ranch of '
. 649 acres; 10% miles from Santa Rosa; splen- ,
did property; fully equipped; everything first-
class; Al buildings; 11 acres in vineyard, 2H
la orchard, about 15 in hay. corn and pota-
to land, vegetable garden, berries and chick-
ens: about 20,000 cords standing timber; 2
running creeks through place; abundance
water; everything modern; cottap-e 6 rooms
ar.d bath. For further Information address
owner. W. C. BROWN, America P. O.. So- j
noma County. Cal. j
20 ACRES, near town; all In fruit and grain;
pood house, barn and outbuildings; horses,
cows and chickens, farming tools; a money
maker: complete; $2400.
$3600—70 acres, near Vaeaville; 15% acres in
fruit: balance In grain: good farm; good pay-
Ing ln\-estmeot.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
BARGAIN'.! BARGAIN— 50-acre farm nea'
Pleasanton, Alameda County; all level land; I
fronts on county road: house, barn, etc.: price i
»T750: luxuriant crop of hay; some sugar b?cta;
will grow alfalfa. H. H. CRANE, 508 Cali-
fornia Et.
FARMING and other property in various parts
of California for sale. Catalogue on applica-
tion to BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO..
£14 California st.. San Francisco.
FOR sale — Nicely improved home of six acres:
S0O fruit trees in full bearing; bouse of 5
rooms and basement, barn, etc.; near R. R.
depot. For Information address Owner, box
64, Novato, Marin Co.. Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN, S12 Main. Petaluma, for
free copy -of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
SAS RAFAEL REAL ESTATE.
SAN RAFAEL— Elegant, new. modern residence
In San Rafael, on Fifth ave.. of 9 rooms,
bath; large grounds, with orange and other
fruits and flowers; stable for 3 horses. Visit
premises or address owner, P. TROY. 418
California ct. San Francisco: terms easy.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale at a bargain— A cottage In best lo-
cation of the valley: beautiful surrounding*:
no reasonable offer refused. Apply H. KAUF-
11AXX. SIS Sacramento st-
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
$?500— RANCH 160 acres; house and barn; 20
acres vineyard: Napa County: sell cheap or
exchange for city or Oakland property
$3000— Ranch. 200 acres; in redwoods, on
main road, Mendocino; SO acres farming;
house, barn and orchard; balance valuable
timber: sale or exchange for city. Berkeley
or Alameda property. P. ROTHERMEL, 607'
Caliromla et.
IN Mill Valley— House and lot for Bale on ac-
count of departure, or exchanged for unim-
proved city property. E28 Turk St.. S. P.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
A FEW SNAPS TO QUICK BUYERS.
JSOO— 2-story house of 6 rooms; 1 block from
Park St.: lot 50x154.
$1600 — 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath on
Central ave.; in first-class condition; near
echool and station; lot 23 1-3x125.
$2150— Cottage 6 rooms and bath; nicely located;
near school and station; lot 23 1-3x150.
$^50 — Elegant 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; all in good order; foreclosure of
mortgage; lot 42x150.
13900— Two new beautiful cottages of 6 and 7
rooms and bath; basement all floored; on
lot 40x150; all work is of a superior char-
acter; contain everything to make them
perfect in convenience and fully up-to-
date: terms $500 cash, balance In monthly
payments of $25.
$3500 — Elegant 2-story house 8 rooms and bath,
with billiard room; very latest features
and conveniences; combination chande-
liers, artistic mantels, etc.; near station;
lot 40x150.
Houses to rent in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1122 Park street,
Alameda, CaL
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY
Are telling great bargains in Real FMftt*.
Homes for sale below cost.
Properties taken under foreclosure.
Some real good value*.
$1500 buys a choice S-room house; modern;
food lot.
$2100 buys a 7-room cottage; lot 42x118.
$2800 buys an elegant 7-room house; lot COx
X50; great value.
$2850— A fine cottage of 8 rooms and bath;
Morton-Et. station: lot 42x150.
$2250— A great snap; house of t rooms and
bath: lot 40x207; stable and fine windmill;
Central avenue.
House* built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
,11.00 Park st,. Alameda, and
room 325. Parrott building, 8. V.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
flOOO— HAVE yon seen
$1100 these cottages near
$1500 schools and stations T ¦
$2000— 2-story. 7 rooms, windmill, etc.; B0xl50»
$2700— Modern ( rooms; 60xl4S; near Morton
etation.
$1200— Modern 7 rooms; stable, lawn, etc; lot
. 60x150; on Central ave.
Bargains In unimproved lots.
Furni6hed and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agency New York Underwriters. New Zea-
land. British America and London Insurance
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station. Alameda.
.BARGAINS for Investors.
Bargains for homeseekera.
Homes built on terms to colt.
. Exchange for San Francisco property, cot-
tage (2 Cats) ot 10 rooms; lot 25x120; half block
¦ from station.
' Apply to Q. R, DESKE, West Alameda
Real Estate Office, Webster st. and Ccn-
.tral ave.
•2-ETORY, 9 rooms; corner lot; modern and new;
S7C00; offered tor $5500, with all carpets; one-
third cash. • •
1- story. 8 rooms, modern In all respects; new
house; corner lot: fine view; Including carpets,
23 large lots at a great bargain.
E. D. JUDD & CO.,
- ltf 4 Park eu. Alameda.
$1600 — A 6NAP; cottage. 6 rooms; lot 60x100-
. business property at Bay Etation.
$5000— Modern cottage, 6 rooms, bath, etc.;
lot EOxlSO; near Chestnut station; want offer.
. P. ROTHERMEL. 5C7 California Bt.
FOR sale — Cotts.ce 3 rooms. $425. $200 cash;
corner lot SSxlOO. S300. terms; 2 choice lots,
Weber Bt.. will build to suit purchaser. J.
x H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park Bt
$1210— SNAP: elerant new modern cottare; 4
rooms; fine location: near station and school.
A. G. BURNS & CO.. 7501 Park st.
$2750— BARGAIN; finest location in Alameda;
fine 8-room pottage; lanre lot. ' HAMMOND
& HAMMOND. Santa Clara Bt.. near Park.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$400— CHICKEN ranch of one acre and two-
room shanty: $50 cash, balance $10 per month.
W. C. MORAN & CO. _____
$4500— TEN-ROOM house, only two blocks from
U. C. grounds: $500 cash, balance fiat loan.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
»«0— WHEELER Tract lots; will triple in value
Inside of a year; this offer for a few days
only; ask for maps. W. C. MORAN & CO.
J150— ACRE lots: $10 cash, balance $5 per month.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2500— THREE acres of land and a house and
barn, windmill and tank; fruit trees; on your
own terms. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2200— CHEAP at $3000; lot 40x100; street macad-
amized; cement sidewalks all around the
house; two blocks to train; 7 large rooms;
porcelain bath, tiled Elnk, fine mantel and
sideboard; $250 cash, balance $20 per month;
place will rent for this any day. W. C. MO-
RA.. & CO.. Lorin Station and Schmidt
Block. Berkeley.
FOR property in Berkeley see W. C. MORAN &
CO.. who has had U years' experience.
STOP paying rent; we have Just completed 9
up-to-date'eottases of 3, 4 and 5 rooms, por-
celain baths, stationary washtubs. large pan-
tries, patent closets, etc.; prices range from
$1350 to $1850; convenient to station, electric
cars, school and churches, and within 10 min-
utes' walk of the university; terms, $75 down,
balance to suit purchaser.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON. LoriB.
NEW neat cozy cottajp, ' 5 rooms, bath, large
hall, pantry/ folding doors, pretty wooden
mantel, tiled sink.* porcelain bath, gas or
electric lights through tha house, stationary
washttand and - tubs, Jiot and cold water,
brick foundation, high 'basement; lot 40x110;
3 blocks from station, school, stores and
churches; one block from electric cars; price
$1800. only {100 cash, balance $17 monthly;
stop paying rent and be your own landlord.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin Station;
office west side of railroad track.
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON, Lorin.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$130 down, $20 per month; cozy 5-room cot-
tage, with sunny front yard and lot 40x132, in
South Berkeley; handy to Etation; full price
only $1600; occupied by owner; title perfect and
guaranteed. See photo at office.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
STOP paying rent: nice new homes, modern and
complete in all details; close, to station, cars,
churches, schools, etc.; small payment down,
balance like rent. H. I>. IRWIN, Lorin sta-
tion.
A SNAP-$1500; lot 50x135; within 2 blocks of 8
stations; modern house, 4 rooms; large hall,
high basement, brick . foundation, concrete
walks, etc.; easy terms. H. D. IRWIN, Lo-
rin station.
$35C0-THOROUGHLY well bnllt house of 7
rooms; large lot; all the latest improve-
ments; east of Telegraph ave., north of
D wight way; a bargain.
$2750 — New 2-story house of 6 rooms, gas, etc.;
eunny side of street; near station and
electric car line; all street work done;
cash or Installments.
$3200 — New 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath,
gas and electric llehts; sunny side of
street; very convenient to churches and
schools. Apply to JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley station.
A SACRIFICE— Handsome cottage of 6 rooms
and bath: high basement; lot 50x135; 2 blocks
from Lorin station.
• $1100— A fine 6-room cottage, brick founda-
tion: good stable; lot 50x100; $100 cash, balance
to suit purchaser. C. NAMANNY, Lorin sta-
tion.
J2S00— NEARLY new 2-story. 7 rooms and bath;
on fine corner lot 50x100; near Ashby station.
$5000— Modern 2-story Gothic house, 7 rooms
and bath; fine wood finish; porcelain tub;
gas and electric service; nice lawn; choice
locality; lot. 50x125; includes elegrant furni-
ture: easy terms; 2 blocks from university.
P. ROTHERMEL, 507 California st.
$850 FOR a pretty cottage of 4 rooms; plenty
of flowers and fruit trees; fine well of watej 1 ;
only 2 blocks of schoolhouse and 5 from
depot, and 12 minutes' walk from college; if
you want a bargain call at once. MAY &
MORTIMER, Berkeley depot.
$650— HOW does this strike you 7 Corner lot
45x100. on Grove St., only few minutes' walk
to depot, town hall and high school. MAY
& MORTIMER. Berkeley depot.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL Notice — The Home Building Com-
pany has removed its office to south side of
railroad track on Fruitvale ave.
$6000— A beautiful home In Oakland; nice
lawn and decorated gardens; corner, 140x150;
large stable and outbuildings; marble man-
tels in each sleeping room; also steam radi-
ators throughout; sma.ll payment down, bal-
ance to suit.
$500— House of 4 rooms, all plastered; large
lot; good pump; your own terms.
$300— Lovely lots at Forest Park; will build
house to suit.
$700 — House of S rooms and high basement;
corner lot; cement sidewalk; 2 blocks from
Fruitvale ave. ; terms, $9 80 per month.
$900— House, 5 large rooms, 1 block from
Hay wards car line; chicken houses; good
barn; well and city water; your own terms.
$800— 1-acre chicken ranch, near Fruitvale
ave. ; small cash payment down, balance
game as rent.
$600— Beautiful corner lot 62x125; 1 block east
of Fruitvale ave.; 2 short blocks from school-
house. ¦
Houses of all kinds for rent. Money to loan.
Remember this address.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
South side of railroad track.
Fruitvale avenue.
W. E. RUDELL, Fruitvale, Cal.
4 ACRES in choice fruit, B-r.' cottage, etc. ; for
ealecheap. Ad.C.Mlchel,Elmhurst.Alameda Co.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY..
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEEv
903 Broadway, - Oakland.
Special Offerings in Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley Real Estate.
$15,000— BEAUTIFUL modern suburban home
In Fruitvale, surrounded by elegant homes;
10 rooms; large grounds; very choice shrubs
and shade trees; owner refused $25,000 for
this home. WILLIAM J. DINGEEi,
903 Broadway, Oakland. .
$7500— On Fruitvale avenue, near East 14th
street, choice home, house costing $6000 to
build; contains 9 rooms; good stable and out-
buildings; lot 145x295; choice flowers, shrubs
and shade trees; sacrificed on account of
departure for Europe.
WILLIAM J. DINGEBk
903 Broadway, Oakland.
$400 each— Three choice lots In East Berke-
ley, near State University; 40x102 each; close
to fine Improvements; worth twice the price
asked. WILLIAM J. DINGEEv
903 Broadway, Oakland.
$3000 — New two-story residence: never been
occupied; northeast corner; lot 35x100; six
large rooms, reception hall, bath; all open
plumbing; terms $300 cash, balance In install-
ments. • WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
$3000— On Alice street, near 8th; east front;
lot 40x100; choice 7-room cottage; easy pay-
ments. WILLIAM J. DINGEB,
803 Broadway, Oakland.
$500— Choice residence lot, 40x111, on 15th
street, near Willow; work all done; bar-
gain. WILLIAM J. DINGKB.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
$8500— Choice home In Lakeside district; lot
85x160; street and lake frontage; 8-room
house; stable; easily worth $12,500.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
$13 BO per foot— Residence lota on Market
et., on West St., on S3d. 34th. 35th and 36th
sts.: any size: street work. Including side-
walks, complete: prices from $12 50 per front
foot to $17 50; easy terms: homes built on the
Installment plan. WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
90S Broadway, Oakland.
$175 CASH. $10 monthly— New cottage, 3 large
rooms; 7-foot basement: brick foundation: 4
large level Iota, 50x25*: price all told $775; will
fence and finish up to suit buyer; plenty of
water; eoll. climate and view the very best;
close to electrib car line and 90-foot wide bou-
levard, and not. far from model schoolhouse;
- no fogs nor raw winds here; adjoining East
Oakland; 10 buildings gone up already; more
coming. Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh
et. opposite Broadway station, Oakland; car-
riage free. HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
$400— $15 MONTHLY: elegant modern and up-
to-date house of 9 rooms and bath; modern
fittings; plenty closets: fittings all that might
be desired In a fine home: rooms large and
airy: charming location; Frultvale-ave. cars
pass the door; only 5 minutes to H hour train
to San Francisco; away from fogs and raw
. winds: fine large lot, 150 deep; all nicely
fenced: gravel walks, sewer and city water;
price all told $2S50. Call 455 Seventh st.. opp.
Broadway station, Oakland. H. Z. JONES.
Owner.
FOR sale at a bargain— Modern house of ten
rooms; .large lot. stable and chicken-house;
large variety of berries and other fruits.
ALBERT SCHMIDT. 1122 13th ave.. Oak-
. land. Cal. . .. •_ ... :
FOR 6ale or exchanre— A new 13-room house
and stable for cottage. Inquire 1520 Eighth
ave.. East Oakland.
DEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL. kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT. ' sold, rented. . repaired: needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint a.
STABLES TO LET.
TO 'rent— Coal yard; large barn. 15 stalls; suit-
able for .milk dairy. 3353 Twentieth st. j
, STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
DEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.:
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2J20 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson £81.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MIs-
sloa St.; tel. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUS3,
GOLDEN GATE ave. 732—2 large rooms for
storage: private. ¦ "
. TO LEASE. !
RANCH FOR RENT— A fine 250-acre ranch,
near Vnllejo; positively, no agents. Address
F. J. OSGOOD. Vallejo. Cal.
TYP^WRITERS^Np_SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
¦hou.-e In the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchanre. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 20 (twenty-
,flve cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, on and after Monday. April 15,
1901. Transfer books closed Wednesday,
April 10, 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m.
' - !<:. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-DIvidend No. 90 (twenty
cents per share)" of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Co.. will be payable at the of-
fice of the company. 327 Market St., San
Francisco, on and after Saturday. April 20.
1901. Transfer books close Saturday, April
13. 1901. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
¦John R. Gordon, 23, 1205 Stockton street, and
Nettie Anderson, 22. 1109 Pacific street.
Hieronymus C. Hofmeister. .20. 526 Hayes
street, and Laura J. Mtynard, 18, 248 Oak st.
Julius S. Schell, 40, £23^ Bryant street, and
Nordallne F. Frlele, 26, 52914 Bryant street.
L. Vinton Petersnn, 25, Stockton, and Ele-
tha Manley, 21. city.
Robert H. Childers, 36. 430 Howard street,
and Mary E. Maguire, 29, 223 Eleventh street.
Joseph Dessens, 47, Mountain View, and Ber-
the Maillet. 37, De Haro and Fl Dorado sts.
Arthur Warren. ?S, 58 Rausch street, and
Evelyn A. Wllcox, 18. 478 Tehama street.
James V. ¦ Sands. 23, 493 Filbert street, and
Marie H. Meincke. 23, 945 Capp street.
Charles E.' Giller, 63, 7 Walter street, and
Louise Giller, 55, 7 Walter street.
Lewis C. Carllsl*. 37. Los Angeles, and Sallle
S. Murphy, 36, Chtfasro.
William W. Weber, 45, 115% Second street,
and Joanna Van Steinbergh, 42, Vacaviile.
Giuseppe Cornacchla, 38, 424 Green street, and
Maddena Bertone. 25, 434 Francisco street.
Peter de Bleeker, 30, 3S1 Tehama street, and
Clara M. O'Hearn. 16. 351 Tehama street.
James F. Lynch. 36. 374S Army street; and
Marie C. Rebut, 26, 2739 Mission street.
Orello L. Capurro, 23, 1528B Stockton street,
and Louisa T. Filipelli, IS, 6 Varennes street.
Leon Juda. 32, 1535 Octavla street, and Dora
Abrahams, 22, 2100 California street.
Jose A. Machado, 28, 65 Jackson street, and
Francisca Mauriza, 17, 65 Jackson street.
Domenico Firenze. 35, 3 Sonora place, and
Rosa Caranza, IS, 1713 Dupont street
Adolf Kocour, 34, 69 Portola street, and Marie
C. Jung:. 20. 1407 Shotwell street.
Leo F. Schoen8teln. 22. 2306 Bryant street,
and Sophia A. Vetter, 22. 62 McLea court. • .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail ¦will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices ' and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
AURICH— In this city. April 13, 1901. to the
wife of Charles W. Aurieh. a son.
BURNS— In this city, April 5. 1901. to the wife
of Joseph Burns, a son.
CARR— In this city. April 12, 1901. to the wife
of -James F. Carr, a daughter. '
COLLINS— In this city, April It 1901, to the
wife of J. J. Collins, a daughter.
DOLAN— In this city, April 7. 1901. to the
wife of John E. Dolan, a daughter.
FLYNN-In this city. April 9. . 1901, to the
wife of J. J. Flynn, a daughter.
HOPPS— In this city. April 4. 1901, to the wife
¦ of Bert W. Hopps, a son. < \
JOHANES— In this city, April 12, 1901. to the
wife of ' Dan Johanes, a son.
MADIGAN— In this city, March 28, 1901, to the
wife of E. J. Madigan, a son.
RITTER— In ¦ this city, March 30. 1901. to the
wife of Edw. T. Ritter, a son.
WKIDNER— In this city, April 7. 1901, to the
wife of Charles Weidner, a daughter.
WEBB— In this city. April 6. 1901. to the wife
of L. W. Webb, a daughter.
WILSON— In this city. March 27. 1901. to the
wife of A. Wilson, a daughter.
MARRIED.
CASTRO— DIEZ— In this city, April 8. 1901. at
St. Boniface' 8 Church, by the Rev. Father
Maximilian, Joaquln Dell Castro and Agatha
J. Dic-z, both of San Francisco. ' '=
EVANS— HATCH— In this city. April 7. 1901.
by the Rev. Samuel Slocum, Samuel- G.
Evans and Sadie M. Hatch, both of San
Francisco. . i
ROLAND— TUBB— In Martinez, April 7, 1901.
by . the Rev. Eugene Stoddard. Herbert Ro-
land and Miss E. Colton Tubb.
TONNIES— GEICK— In this city, April 10, 190L
by the Rev. Hermann Gelrcke, Arend Ton-
' nies and Marie Dorothea Geick. both of San
Francisco. '."
~ DIED. ~
.Ackerman, Julia C. Krickau, Mathilda
Andrews, John N. Loos, George Gladys
- Becker, Elenanor Lynch, John T.
Block.Dr. Howard M. Marston. Edith B.
' Boyd. Bedelia MIetzsch. Lena
Carden, Madeline O'Neill, Patrick H.
.Cashman, William C. Peterson, Rebecca
Clifford. Annie L. Russell, Thomas F.
Doran.' Catherine Sprine, Jacob
Doyle. Mary - Shay, Daniel
Gavin, Ellen Sullivan, Ruth E.
Hale. Mahala Taylor. James I.
Hennlnger. Ellse . Torres, Maria
Huhs, Matilda J Trautner.Hermann G.
• Keil. Walter D. Walker. Leroy
Kinney. George G. Yplna, Luis
ACKERMAN— In this city, April 13, 1901, Julia
C. Ackerman, beloved wife of the late David
Ackerman, mother of Mrs. Ida Forman. and
J grandmother of David and Louie King, a na-
tive of New York, aged 67 ' years 5 months
and 15 days.
ANDREWS— In this city, April 13, 190L John
Nathan, ¦ dearly beloved husband of LUlle An-
drews, father of Ruth Andrews, son of Na-
than Andrews, and brother of George An-
- drews, a native of Iowa, aged 32 years 4
months and 28 days. (Salinas papers please
copy.) ' - .
E>"Rema!ns at the funeral parlors of H.
F. Maass, 917 • Mission street.
BECKER— In this city, April 13, 1901. Elena-
nor, beloved wife of George J. Becker, and
mother of George J. Becker and Mrs. M. E.
McDougall, a native of Hartford. . Conn., aged
65 years 1 month and 15 days.
¦ icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11:15 o'clock, from her late resl-
• dence, 1000 OTarrell street.' • Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland, by ' 1
o'clock i creek boat from foot of Market
• street. - ;
BLOCK— In Berlin. Germany, April 12, 1901.
Dr. Howard M. Block, only and beloved son
of Maurice and the late Bertha Block, and
. brother of Gertrude E. Block, aged ¦ 24 years.
BOYD— In this city, April 13. 1901. Bedelia
' Boyd, beloved mother of John A. Boyd, and
sister of Cornelius Mooney. Theresa Kelley
of Napa and Ann McNamara. a native of
Kings County, Ireland, aged 70 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 707 Ashbury street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CARDEN— In this city, ' April 13. 1901, Made-
line, beloved daughter of Thomas and Cath-
Carden, and sister ef Thomas. William.
Mamie and Nellie Carden, a native of San
Rafael, aged 13 years 2 months and 20 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are I respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 103S Golden Gate avenue, between La-
. guna and Buchanan streets, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where services will be said
,¦ for the reprsa of her soul, commencing at
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.
tEuccetsor to Flannagan 4 Gallaxhtr.*
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMUALMERs
, - to Filth st.. opposite Lincoln ScaooL
. '.Telephone Eouth 80.
JAMES McG*NN, ""]
Formerly with McGinn , Bros., has opened *
new Funeral I'arlors at . J14 Eddy st.. bet. - r
Taylor and. Jones. Telephone South 578.
. UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
- n and 29 Fifth st. . Tel South 167. §
ItJNERAL DIBECT0B3 AND EHBALHS&V I
- . Finest Enulpment'st Moderate Rates. E
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.'
CHOICE INVESTMENTS. 11111
130,000— Rents $200 month; brick block being;
sacrificed; special bargain.
HOMES.
140,000— A suburban mansion; cost $150,000; i
mortgage $22,500; any offer considered; snap.
$1S,000-Cost $27,000; handsome, centrally lo-
cated home; beinz sacrificed.
$25,000— Think of it; never occupied; erandly
situated home; exceptional offer. '¦
$8000— A banker's home; half block; choicely
situated in warm belt; offer wanted.
$7500— Absolutely choicest Piedmont home for
price; nine rooms; everything superb.
$6500— Linda vista, worth $8500; fine ten-room
perfect home; modern and complete. ¦
$8500. worth $12.000— Superb centrally located
12-room home; no reasonable offer refused.
$5000, reduced— Near Telegraph and Twenty-
eighth; 9 rooms; 60x140; fine neighbors.
$5500— East Oakland; cost $10,000; replete
with modern conveniences; corner; mortgaged.
J4E00— Market station; 9 rooms; going away
forcing sale; offer considered.
• $3650— Between Adeline and Market station;
corner home; 8 rooms; bank mortgage $2500.
$3500— A pretty home; 8, rooms, stable, near
Telegraph and Twenty-eighth ; large lot.
$2300— Adeline station; $300 cash; $25 month;
bargain in a neat 6-room cottage. '
$3100— Adeline station; modern 6-room cottage;
CO- foot lot; this is cheap.
$2500 — Foreclosure; Thirty-second, near Tele-
graph; 7-room cottage; 50x168; give offer.
$3100— North of Broadway station; modern 9-
room house right in town; bargain.
$4000— Snap; between Market and Broadway;
corner- home; 8 rooms; could sell 60 feet.
$2400— $200 cash. $20 month; Adeline station;
colonial home; 6 rooms; porcelain bath.
$2250 — Store 4 rooms, flat 5 rooms, near Broad-
way station; rents $25 a month.
$1250— Neat 5-room cottage at Adeline station;
street complete.
$1750 — Near Linda Vista Terrace, neat 6-room
cottage; lot 180 feet deep.
$1100— Oak station, right in town; 50 feet; old
house; 6 rooms; needing repairs; snap.
$750— Forty-second and San Pablo; 5-room
cottage; bath; windmill; 50x100; cheap home.
CHOICE LOTS— SOME SACRIFICES.
$6000— Piedmont; 100x325; panoramic view.
$2500— Lakeside district ; 60x150; very choice.
$1600— Adeline station; 35x100; choice lot.
$4250 — Blackstone Hill; corner 85x100; select.
$40 foot— 225 depth; choice; near Linda Vista.
$30 foot— Near Senator Perkins' ; extra choice,
$1650— Snap; 60x106; Telegraph and 21st.
$1500— Close in, nr. Telegraph; 40x100; cheap.
$900— Snap; corner 73x85; between Market and
Adeline. . -
$3250— For flats close in; 60x100.
$1650— Telegraph ave.; 45x100; bargain.
$1350— Corner 30x100; few blocks City Hall.
$2100— Corner 100x100; snap; north Market sta.
$750 — Corner; Clinton station; 50x150; bargain.
$65(> — Clinton station; 50x150; special bargain.
See us for Oakland real estate.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
AN INVESTMENT OR HOME SNAP. !
$3000- each— Two 2-story houses, 8 rooms;
good order; rents $20 and $22 50, worth $25;
each lot 28 and 32 feet; sure business proper-
ty; fronts main street; solid blocks of stores
within one block; must sell; . see at once;
land worth more. •
LAYMANCE Real Estate Co.,
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
•GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250— BIG BARGAIN.
Fine home of 7 rooms, with all modern im-
provements, in the best residence location; lot
8T:6 feet; stone walks and coping; high, open,
terraced lawn; rents for $25; sunny all day
and In good condition; close to street. cars and
train; very easy terms; $2500 mortgage can re-
main; owner non-resident; positively must be
sold this week.
1 X BANK SALS),
New Colonial Cottage.
Six rooms, open plumbing; never occupied;
central location; lot 32x100; street complete;
handy to cars; monthly payments to the right
parties; sunny aill day; In Improving neighbor-
hood and up-to-date in every detail; look this
up at once.
$S0O-THIS COZY HOME
On monthly payments..
Four rooms and basement; sunny side; handy
to local Etation; street work all done; $100 cash
down, $10 per month, or liberal discount for a
quick each sale.
GEO. TV. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$10,000 HOME; cost to build $15,000; 10 rooms
and bath; lot 80 feet frontage; almost at
Fourteenth and Broadway; choicest location;
space will not permit In the ad extolling its
charming qualities; finest and best home ever
offered for sale at such a sacrifice; must be
Bold to close an estate; 6eelng Is believing;
call early. J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland. : .'
$1650 FOR a $2000 property in East Berkeley;
2 blocks from station; 5 rooms and bath; con-
venient to everything;; sunny and a beautiful
neighborhood; we are instructed to sell with-
out reserve; $400 cash. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2300 FOR a splendid 7-room house; driveway;
large lot; in perfect condition; originally cost
$4500; owner going East and must sell before
leaving; first come, first served. J. S.
MYERS & CO., 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$850— CORNER grocery and living rooms, sta-
ble, chicken houses and large yard,' etc.; fine
location end good business. ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway. Oakland.
$7500— ELEGANT residence and grounds 75x125;
10 or 12 rooms: beautifully located in beat
part of Oakland; was sold few years ago for
$14,000. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
MONEY to loan on real estate: also $500 on
pianos, furniture, etc. ; ' low rates. ALDEN
CO., 1118 Broadway.
WEST OAKLAND— Big bargain; lot 45x150,
with good two-story house of 7 rooms, bath-
room, pantry: stable, windmill; house is In
good location and always rented; owner is a
non-resident and has left Oakland, and will
make easy terms if desired; this is the best
buy In West Oakland to-day; between Center
st. and Adeline St. ; JAS. S. NAISMITH. 452
Ninth st.
SMALL ranch; Llvermore; beautiful home;
owner. makes $100 month on place; 11 acres.
C. K. KING, 952 Broadway, Oakland. -
640 ACRES, Alameda Co., near Tesla,. below
Llvermore: oil and coal; $6 60 per acre.
C. K. KING, 952 Broadway, Oakland.
$1500—12% ACRES, near Lafayette, Contra
Costa Co. ; good house, barn and orchard.
C KjKING. 952 Broadway, Oakland.
THE BEST BUY IN OAKLAND TO-DAY.
Two corners, near 32d and Ban Pablo ave.;
frontage 136x322, and Market st., 117x272.
This property can be bought at a reasonable
figure; for a few days only. Address by letter
only to J. M. MANSFIELD, 202 Market St., S.
F., care of W. D. Mansfield.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th« Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any tddress-ln the
United Btatea or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
In Oakland, either
furnished or unfurnished,
call on
GEO. W. AUSTIN * CO.,
The House Renters,
1008 Broadway.
• Telephone Red 661
HOUSE of ( rooms; bath; reasonable to good
tenant; 1614 Eleventh ave., East Oakland, 3
blocks from school. Apply at Eagle Cracker
and Biscuit Company, Eleventh st, near Mis.
slon. city. . : Z
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
. OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET. "
$9— OAKLAND cottages, 4 rooms,' bath, base-
ment, large lot. city water. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, r. S, 4th floor. Mills bldg., S. F.,
or A. J. SNYDER, 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND .S.TP.?-. 1 ??. .TP- _ LBT>
COMMODIOUS offices to let; best location;
electric elevator service. Abrahamson build-
ing, corner Thirteenth and Washington sts..
Oakland. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' , . ¦ ,/--¦.-.
$10— OAKLAND corner ' store, with I living
rooms ; - large ¦ yard and city water. R J.
MONTGOMERY, r. 8. 4th floor. Milis bldg..
S. F.. or A. J. Snyder. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND Kl KMTL'KK FOR SALES.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Crow Ceme-
CASHMAN— In this city. April 11. M01 « r W Al"
- 11am C, beloved husband or Margaret CMn-
man. and father of William. John, Margaret,
. David. Maurice. Jamea and Thoma» Cash-
man and Mrs. George A. Rice. .» >>»tlve w
County Cork. Ireland, aged 60 years 7 montns
. and 16 days. .. • .
E7"Friend3 and acquaintances «*.£ e * lp TSI
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 620 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church. Fell and Fillmore streets, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for tne
' repose of his soul, commencing at % o ciock-
Internient Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLIFFORD-In this city. April 12. 1901. at,the
residence of Mr. John Morgan. 763 Cole street.
Annie L.. dearly beloved daughter of John
D. and the late Laura Clifford, a native or
San Francisco, aged 1 year and 10 months.
(Melbourne and Perth, Australia, papers
please copy.)
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her father. 22 East street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. I
DORAN— In this city. April 13. 1901. Catherine,
beloved wife of Patrick Doran. and sister of
Patrick Mullen of Lcs Gatos. a native of
County Meath, Ireland, aged 58 years.
[C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at »:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1809 Lyon street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
DOYLE— In this city. April 12. 1301. Mary
Doyle, a native of Ireland, aged SO years.
GAVIN— In this city. April 12. 1901. Ellen
Gavin, beloved daughter of the late Cather-
ine Foley, a native of New York, a«ed 41
years 2 months anrt 10 days.
• CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of tfca United Undertakers. 27 and 23 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
services will be held at 2 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HALE— In this city. April 10. 1901. Mahala,
beloved wife of William E. Hale, mother of
William Hale, daughter of the late William
P. Roberts and Lydla Roberts, and beloved
sister of Mrs. H. Vahlbusch. Mrs. J. T. Hale
and Alice Roberts, a native of Oakland. Cal..
aged 19 years 8 months and 20 days.
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 429 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services, commencinc at
12:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary I
Cemetery.
HENXIXGER — In this city. April 11. 1901.
Llise Henninger. beloved wife of Henry Hen-
nfnjrer, and mother of Emma. Carl and
Henry Henninjer, a native of Baden. Ger-
many, aged 2S years 4 months and 17 days.
U-J 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 22X McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HUHS— Near Dixon, Solano County. Cal., April
22. 1M51. Matijda Huhs. beloved wife of Ju-
lius Hubs, mother of Julius and August
Huhs of San Francisco, and sister of Mrs.
' Mollie McLean and David Clark of San
Francisco.
tCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at Dixon.
KEIL— In this city. April 12. 1901. Walter
David, dearly beloved son of Oscar C. and
Nettie Keil, a native of San Francisco, aged
5 years 8 months and 24 days.
tt-* 1 Friends anrt acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 1037 Church street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
KINNEY— In th's city, April 11. 1901, George
O.. beloved husband of Mary J- Klnney, and
father of Genevieve, Harold and Claude Kin-
ney, a native of New York, aped 37 years
. and 3 months. A member of Court Presidio
No. 40. F. of A. (New York papers please
copy.)
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thl3 day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Session street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighth and Harrison streets.
KRICKAU— In Oakland, April 13. 1901, Mathil-
da,* beloved daughter of Peter and Emma
Krickau, and sister of Albert. Emma and
Louise Krickau. a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 27 years 3 months and 6 days.
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of the parents, 1513 Brush street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. •
LOOS— In this city, April 13, 190L George
Gladys, beloved daughter of R. Biers Loos
and. Minnie E. Locs, and sister of Clifford
and Anita Loos, a native of California, aged
10 years 1 month and 21 days.
LYNCH— In this city. April 12. 1901. John T.
Lynch, beloved' brother of James. Harry and
Irene Lynch and Mrs. J. J. Murphy, a native
of Napa, Cal., aged 28 years.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock.- from the parlors of
McGinn & Hansen. 214 Eddy street. Inter-
ment St. • Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, via 11
o'clock creek boat.
MARSTON— In West Berkeley, April 13. 1901,
Edith Blanche, beloved daughter of Alonzo
and the late Elizabeth Marston. and sister
of Idella, George and Edward Marston, a
native of Chicago, aged 23 years and 12 days.
MIETZSCH-In this city, April 11. 1901, Lena,
dearly beloved wife of Ernst MIetzsch. and
beloved mother of Mrs. Peter N. Berkhout.
Mrs. Ben Page and Charles E. MIetzsch. a
native of Prussia, aged 63 years 3 months
and 17 days. (Santa Rosa papers please
copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 152 Clara street, between Fourth and
Fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
O'NEILL— In this city. April 11. 1901, Patrick
• H. O'Neill, beloved husband of Bridget
O'Neill, father of Alice O'Neill, and brother
of Cornelius. Michael and Stephen O'Neill
and Mrs. R. E. Cole, a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 51 years. (Skibbreen pa-
pers please copy.)'
ICFriends and acquaintances and members
of Court Star of the West No. '6956, A. O. F.,
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the
residence of his sister. Mrs. R. E. Cole, 654
Folsom street, between Second and Third,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for. services
at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
PETERSON— In Oakland. April 12, 1901, Re-
becca, beloved wife of Alfred Peterson,
mother of Frieda Dreyer. and sister of Mrs.
C. Dahl. a native of Germany, aged 45 years
and 6 months.
O*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4490 Grove street, corner of Forty-
fifth. Oakland, thence to Druids* Hall. 413
Suiter street. San Francisco, where funeral
services will be held under the auspices of
the San Francisco Frauen Verein. commenc-
inc at 1 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
¦ Cenr.etery.
SAN FRANCISCO Frauen Verein— To the of-
ficers and members of the San Francisco
Frauen Verein: You are hereby requestei to
a?.«emble at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street,
this day (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral of our late member. Mrs.
Rebecca Peterson. By order ' .
MRS. G. GALL, President.
MRS. A. MA AS. Secretary.
RUSSELL— In this city. April 13. 1901. Thomas
F., beloved son of the late Mary Russell,
and brother of Julia and the late John and
Edmond Russell, a native of San Francisco,
aged 32 years.
- (cyRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
¦ neral hereafter.
SHAY— In this city, April 13, 1901, Daniel
Shay, beloved husband of Catherine Shay
and father of James. John and Daniel Shay'
a native of the province of Munster. Ireland,
aged -66 years.
SPRING— In Oakland. April 12, 1901, Jacob,
beloved husband of Sophia Spring, and father
of Gotfried. Jennie and LIUie Spring, a na-
. tive of Switzerland, aged 38 years 2 months
and 6 days.
SULLIVAN— In this city. April 13. 190L Rath
• Emily, dearly beloved daughter of Daniel F
' and Margaret Sullivan, and beloved sister of
Edna, Hazel%nd Helen Sullivan, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 years 10 months and
. 7 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 631 Linden avenue, between Bu
chanan and Webster streets. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery. •: . i?
TAYLOR— In Salinas. April 9. 1901, of heart
disease. James I.- Taylor, beloved brother nJ
Ella Mlllard. and uncle of Arthur Mlllard a
native . of San Francisco, aged 34 y« n ' i
month and 26 days. jwrs i
TORRES-In this city April IX 1901. Maria
Torres, a native of Spain, aged 63 yeari 1
month and 8 days. jc«« ±
TRAUTNER— In this city, April U. uor Her-
mann Gustave Trautner, dearly beloved hui
band of Elisabeth Trautner, father of Lilv
and Herrman Trautner. and brother nr
Charles Trautner. a native of Kahla. Thur-
Ingen. Germany, aged 68 years and 13 days
A member of Gesellschaft Teutonia.
E^Friends and acquaintances are r#sn»ot-
fully invited to attend the funeral thWav
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from hlslata r£?f
dence. 718 Fell street, between Webster "nd
Fillmcre. Interment I. O. O. F. CemetfrT
Please omit flowers. cemetery.
WALKER— In this city. April 13 1901 L-rmr
oldest Bon.of WlHJam.R. and LetS -WiuJSr*
a native of Mendoclno County c«l ,,i
6 years 10 months and 2 days.
YPINA— In San Luis Potosi. Mexico Anrii b
1901. Luis, eldest son of Jose E YDlna! -
Sa^of'lsSS. te Unlve ™"* "i« cSfSW
Female Newspaper , Thief.
Mrs. Maria Egan, who was arrested
Thursday Morning: by Policeman Mur-
rin for stealing r a copy of The Call
from 451 Noe street. , was convicted' by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday and fined 510
which was paid. The Judge said that h^
would punish severely any newspaper
thief who came before him, as it was not
only an inconvenience to the patrons of
the paper but was a source of annoyance
, to the carriers and publishers
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A FLAT of 4 beautiful large rooms, wide hall,
stationary tubs, with bath, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; hot and cold water;
gas and telephone; new house; fine view;
healthy location; in a small, private family;
no children wanted; rent reasonable. 4231
Twentieth st.. near Castro. • ¦
BARTLETT, 414—3 sunny newly papered
rooms, with sink and bath. , - -
ELLIS.. 597—2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
pleasant and convenient; $16. :
ELLIS. 629, corner Larkln— Extra large bay-
wlndow, $14; with use of kitchen. $17. .
FIFTH, 353— One furnished housekeeping room,
$7 to $3 per month. ¦ - .
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny housekeeping room;
closets; stove; bath; private; $6 month.
GEARY. 1012—4 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, with use of bath and telephone.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms, nicely furnished: gas, bath.
GOLDEN GATE ave., K11A— 2 nice rooms for
housekeeping; no children. ' -
HYDE, 408— Sunny basement suite ; complete
for housekpg.; yard; laundry; $12; single. $6.
JACKSON, 924— 2 sunny -unfurnished rooms;
housekeeping: water free; $5 50.
JESSIE. ¦ 656 — 2 quiet furnished rooms: house-
keeping or single. "
LAGUNA, 1S03— Two sunny front rooms; nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny front room. 1 or 2 per-
sons, $7; 2 rooms for housekeeping. $10.
LASKIE, 27, bet. 8th and 9th, off Ml5sion-3-
room furnished sunny flat; complete for
housekeeping; $12. • ]|
MCALLISTER, 641— C nra completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, phone; rent reas.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished, housekeeping
rooms for a family: cheap rent.
OAK. 119— Sunny basement room furnished for
housekeeping; stove; yard; $4.
PLEASANT sunny front room suitable for one
or two for housekeeping. Box 2. 300 Hayes.
PINE, 704— Front sunny suite; folding bed; gas
stove; $12 50; also single, $6. " - '
POST, Sol— Sunny suite of rooms convenient for
housekeeping; private family.
SIXTH, 541— Front and back parlor for house-
keeplng. $10; single room. $4."
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. ¦
TURK, 613—2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; gaa range; 1 unfurnished.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 2&70— 2 or 3 large sunny
front connecting rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; private family.
TWO large sunny rooms: excellent neighbor-
hood; to rent unfurnished for light house-
keeping, or. gentlemen, or will furnish to suit;
moderate price; references. - ALBRIGHT,
Nineteenth and San Carlos ave., bet. Mission
and Valencia sts. ' "
VAN NESS ave'., 798. cor. Eddy— 4 furnished
rooms, consisting of 2 bedrooms, with folding
beds; dinlnK-room, kitchen t bath, gas, tele-
phone: no children: references: $30.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Dnfnrn.'
AHLBORN HOTEL, S£l Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 60c up: flrst-cliss meals 25c: free coach.
! A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
, 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BUENA VISTA ave.. 449, near Frederick— 3
fur. or unfur. rooms or more; fine grounds.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
| BUSH. 863, bet. Mason and Taylor— Nicely fuf-
nlBhed sunny rooms.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st. —
Tel. Red 2334 rooms fuyaisbed or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 705— Newly furnished room; usa of
parlor %nd piano; rent reasonable.
ELLIS, 725 — Large sunny furnished room; Ger-
man •family; $5 per month. * -
FELL, 255— Large room nicely furnished; suit-
able for 1 or 2 persons; rent reasonable.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
f GEARY, 824— One furnished room for 2 gentle-
men.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 730—1 large sunny front
•room; 1 large sunny back room, suitable for
2; bath; private; German.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1211 A— One front room;
suitable for two gentlemen. ,
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and i Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor: reading-room : elevator.
HAYES. 136— For rent, sunny furnished room;
suitable for gentleman; rent $6.
HJpRMAN, 61 — Nicely furnished rooms, double
and single, with or without board; reasonable, j
HOWARD. 917—2 grand housekeeping rooms,
$14; also sunny front rooms. $10. •
JESSIE, 363, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
room $5; housekeeping,- $9. .
LANGTON 129—5 sunny rooms to let; cheap
rent. Inquire at 1264 Folsom st.
MARKET, 1049A. opposite Jones— Nicely fur-
¦ nished rooms, en suite or single; prices very
reasonable; elevator; telephone Howard 108.
MASON, 217— Furnished sunny front suite in
private family; gentlemen only.
METCALF place, 10, off Geary, near Powell-
Furnished rooms to let. j
MINNA, . 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 817— Nicely furnished ¦ basement '¦
room, $1 a week. • ' i
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunns furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 224— Nicely" furnished sunny
rooms with modern improvements, $1 75 up
per week.
O'FARRELL, 591— Nicely furnished front room,
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent' reasonable.
PINE, 813, near Powell— Furnished front room,
private family; 10 minutes from Call; $6 50.
PDOT3. 986%, near Taylor— 3 nice rooms.to let.
POST, 631— Large front room, furnished, $9 for
one, $10 for two persons; neither smoke nor
drink in the house; Protestant Christians
preferred. '
POST, 943— Nicely furnished bay-window alcove
room; running water. • "
ROYAL House, 126 Kills— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and. ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 31i;-321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night. 25c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4: open night.
SANCHEZ, 372— Unfurnished front and back
parlor and if necessary use of kitchen.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St.,
• near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 121, near Sixteenth— Furnished,
front room, $3 50 per month.
SUNNY bay-window room with running water,
gas and bath. Apply 34 Eleventh st.
TAYLOR, 106— Light airy rooms, $5 up;, also
furnished housekeeping rooms. •
THE BANGOR. 18 Ellis St.— Newly furnished
rooms, en suite or single; permanent or tran-
slent. ..'¦.¦. • "
THIRD, 87— Nicely furnished rooms at $125,
$1 50 and $1 75 per week. ¦ . .
TURK,' 642— Furnished room; convenient for 1
or 2; private family. -
VAN NESS, 930 ;.......
Bachelor's apartments: elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references. ¦ " " ' ' ¦
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church,' with annex 807 California St.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
. tractive and ' sightly rooms at modest rates.
A SMALL family (4 adults) have large, sunny
room; suitable for two persons: quiet, com-
fortable home. 1512 Franklin st:
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Eleg. large
sunny rm; also single rms, with board; refs.
BOARD with or without rooms in private fam-
lly. 129 Hyde at.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished "room, $3 or $4 month;
man.. Box 3S03, Call office. . .' ¦ -
! \ SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
I Orphanage of 520 Lake ; Bt., San Francisco,
Cal., haa received the following orphan and
half-orphan girls from January 1 to April 1,
.1901: Alice F. Debis, 10 years; Eleanor Rob-
erts, . 2 years. 10 months; ¦ Mary Phillips. 7
¦, years; Annie Sharman. 6 years;. Harriet:
: Sharman. 3 years 4 months: Lillian L. Kos-
felt, 2 years 7 months; Bertha Koepp, 3
years 5 months; Pauline E. Olson, 9 years 5
J months;* Frances. Follis, 10 years 6 months.
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
• are the. best: safe, reliable; take no other;
' send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical , Co.. PhiladaL.Pa.
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4 ; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st..', rooms 9-49: tel. 55S0-- : ,
MATERNITY HOSPITAL, 997 Market - St.— La-
dles during confinement w. 10 days', care, $20.Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange Jaat
week were 71,907 shares, valued at $41,579, the
Dividends payable to-morrow are as follows:
Kllauea Sugar, 25c; Oakland Gas. 25c: Paclflo
Telephone. 40e; Sunset Telephone. 23c: Oakland,
San Leandro and Klectric Railway Consoli
dated. 20c: Presidio Railway, 10c; Bank of Cali
fornia, $4; California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, $1 £0.
An advance in Hawaiian Commercial to $S7 80
@58 50 was the only noteworthy change on the
Bond Exchange. Business was light.
The oil stocks were quiet and unchanged.
The Caribou ' Oil Company han levied an
assessment of 5c. delinquent in office May 13.
: "vTHEAT— Spot, quiet ; " No. 1 i California, 6s
2%d; No. 2 red Western' winter, fis ll%d; No.
1 Northern spring. 6s Id. Futures— Quiet; May,
5s 9d: July, 5s 9Ud. " . - . -.
...CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed, new.
CLOSING.
• LONDON,' .April. 13.— Consols, 95%; Bilrer.
27%d; French rentes, lOlf ¦17%; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; No.' 1 Standard
California,' 29s 6d; English country market*,
quiet. ¦ ~ ' - ¦
LIVERPOOL. • April 13.— 'Wheat, quiet; No
I- Standard California, 6s 2%d@6s 3d;. wheat in
Paris, quiet;-. flour in Paris, : quiet; French
country markets, . quiet; weather In . England,
Uplands. 4 9-lSd. .'.. ' ... '.
Foreign Markets.
CHICAGO, April 18.— CATTLE^-Recelpts, 200.
Nominally steady. Good to prime steers, $5@6;
poor to medium, W 85@4 90; . stockers and.feed
ers $2 75®4 76;. cows, $2 75®4 60: canners, $2®
2 70'- bulls. $2 75(B'5 80; calves, $4@5 50; Texas fed
steers, $4 25@5 26; graasers, $3 60@4; bulls, $2 75
03 90 ' -. . * ¦ ¦ : *
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 12,000; Monday. 25,
000 estimated: left over, 1500. Fully 5c higher;
active; top, $8 25. Mixed and butchers, . $5 90®
6 20 • good, to ' choice heavy. $6 03®6 25 ; rough
heavy, $5 90@5; light, $5 85@6 15; bulk of sales,
$6 %@i 17%. ' • .
SHEEP— Receipts, .1500. Steady. Sheep and
clipped lambs, up to $515. . Good to . choice
wethers, 54 75@5: fair to choice mixed,. $4 60®
4 85; "Western sheep, $4 15@5: yearlings, $4 80®
5 15; native lambs, $4 76@5 35; "Western lambs,
}5@5 85. - .
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, 'April 18.— The week winds up
the market for metals with a dull and Ilstlesu
market in vogue. Prices were without change
and in the absence of advices from London
they were more or less nominal. Foundry
Iron ruled slow, while other grades were .In
better demand and firm. PIglron warrants
closed at $9 50@10 50; Northern foundry, $15 25
<3il6 50- Southern foundry. $14@15 60; soft
Southern. |18©15 50 Tin was nominally un
rhaneed at $26. Lead also unchanged at
$4 37%; while, spelter rule.d quiet at $3 90®
3 q 5 copper continued featureless and nom
inal at $17 for Lake Superior and $16 62% for
casting and electrolytic.
New York Metal Market.
NE"W TORK. April 13.— The cotton market
opened steady. I with prices unchanged to 2
points . higher, and then went slowly upward
until May reached 8.03c and 7.96c In covering
and scarcity of offers. The pit traders were
the only active operators durln* the short ses
sion. The market closed quiet and steady, 2®
7 points higher. -
New York Cotton Market.
LIVERPOOL.
May. July.
Opening • • 6» ; 6 9%
Closing 59 59%
. PARIS. •
Wheat— April. May- Aug.
Opening • 18 70 19 40
Closing • •" 18 ™ -19 35
Onenlne 23 70 24 60
t'opper. General Electric and some others. It
has long been evident that the upward prlc*
movement is not at all governed by news.
Neither last week nor this week has there been
any news bearing upon the stocks most affected
beyond the constant reiteration of already dls
rountefl and thrashed out rumors. Th* -Bur
lington "deal." the Southwestern railroad
merger, the consolidation of Copper Interests
end othfr unconfirmed, and In some cases con
tradicted, EFwrtiocs have formed the stock In
trade of the bulls, as they have for some time
P«*t. The goo«I news seems to be all out for
the present and lt is a maxim with the
trader in stocks that this means reaction.
There are besides several unpropitious features
In the pronpect. Chief of these Is the money
outlook- With the resources of New York
banks loaned almcst up to the limit or their re
perves, there are several forces of depletion at
¦work on the re«y>rvcs themselves. The Interior
center* are rnnklng their seasonable demands
upon New York for cash. The taking up oi the
Government's large surplus revenues Is draw-
Ing money constantly out of New York banks
¦Ad Into the Euclreaeury. The outgo of gold
The rtock market has been feverish and ner
vous at times during the past week and the
selling pressure has overborne the demand sev
eral times, resulting in sharp reaction?. On
Monday, when trading was resumed after the
three days' holiday, the market took on an
appearance resembling demoralization and
price* crumbled in a way to alarm the long
vaisted bulls and in fact cost them large profits
by wiping out margins and forcing them to
liquidate to Etx>i> losses. The powerful specu
lative pools, which have long " ruled with a
Ftrong hand, seemed to have lost control com
pletely. But the later events of the week
gave ground for the suspicion that the flurry
on Monday had been In the nature of a. shak
ing out of weak: holding, which constitute an
overhanging threat to an advance. These weak
holders were the buyers of last week, to whom
the professional pools sold stocks in the period
of excited speculation and were thus In a con
dition to see a reaction In prices with complac
ency. That they were willing to buy stocks at
a lower level, that their resources for sup
porting the market and manipulating prices
were not exhausted and that these manipu
lated advances had lost none of their
power to attract. waa abundantly demon
strated by the later events of the week. Rec
ord prices were made for tome of the most
prominent stocks. Including Burlington. North
ern Pacific. Erie, the Northwestern stocks.
Texas and Paciflc. the Atchisons. Amalgamated
JCETW YORK. April 13.— To-day's etock mar
ket was highly professional and under active
manipulation all through the session. Brokers,
¦who have been active for the bull leaders of
the speculation throughout the recent move
ment, were the largest buyers of stocks ana
their operations were especially conspicuous In
Rock Island. Sugar and the Atchlsons. Large
buj-lng orders were In the market at the open-
Ing and caused general advance. In which Rock
Island, the Chicago Terminal transfer stocks,;
People's Gas and Consolidated Gas were the
leaders. Great confidence was professed over
the future of the money market and the buying
was eald to be In anticipation of a favorable
bank etatement. The strength was very gen
eral in the railroad list, Burlington and North
ern Pacific both moving upward. The United
States St**el Ftocks recovered from yesterday's
depression. Amalgamated Copper was active
«.nd strong and sugar was moved up 2% points
and Colorado Fuel an extreme eight points.
There was a. good deal of selling on the ad
vance and considerable reaction had occurred
when the bank statement appeared. Rock Isl
and forged upward after the publication. touch-
Ins 156% and falling back over a point and
then recovering under manipulation to 166^ be
fore falling back again. The stock -cloeed at
155%. a net tain of 3%. The high point wa»
the record price for the stock under the present
capitalization and the fact that the stock
crossed St. Paul was also made the subject of
Interested comment. The bank statement was
Interpreted as favorable. There was an active
selling movement to take profits on the ad
vance, and <h«» closing was irregular and be
low the best ail around.
New York Stock Market..
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet; ' winter -patents, $3 85<J3 90;
straits, $3 20@3 70; clears. $2 60@3 40: spring
specials. $4 10; patents, $3 50@3 83; straits. $3@.
3 30; bakers', $2 20@2 50; No. 3 spring wheat,
69@70%c'; No. 2 red, 70%@73c; No. 2 corn, 43V«c;
No. 2 yellow, 43^0; No. 2 oats. 26%®27c; No.
3 white, 2S',4®29yc: No. 2 rye. 54c: good feed
ing barley, -46c:; fair to choice malting barley,
57@58c: No. 1 flax seed, $158: No. 1 Northwest
ern,-$1 5S; prime timothy seed, $3 90; mess pork,
per barrel. $14 35@14 40; lard, per 100. pounds,
$8 40; short ribs- sides (loose). $8 20@8.40; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 7@7i4c; short clear
sides (boxed). $8 37' / 4@8 50: whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels ..'. .....31,000 75,000
Wheat bushels .. : 159,000 89,00fi
Corn, bushels 86.000 186,000
Oats, bushels ....221,000 313,000
Rye bushels 3,000 3.000
Barley, bushels.... ....25,000 \ 5,000
On the Produce Exchango to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creamery. 15@20%c; dai
ry ll@18c. Cheese, steady, ll@12%c. Eggs,
steady; fresh, 12c.
Articles— ¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 70% 70% 70H 70%
July .:...-. '70% 71 70% 70%
Corn No. 2—
April 42%
May 43% 44 43% 43%
July 43% 43% 43y*. 43%
Oats No. 2—
May 25-J 25U . 25 25
July 25% 25V4 25 25
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May .. 14 50 14 50 14 42^:14 42tf
July ...............J4«5 .1470 . .14 52& "14 52Va
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 8 30 . 8.30 - 8 27% 8 27%
July 8 25 8 25 8 17% 8 17%
September 8 22% 8 22% 8 15 8 15
Short - Ribs, per 100 pounds—
May..: 8 30 8 30 827%-^ 830
July ................ 8 10 8 10 8 02% 8 02%
September ......... 8 02% 8 02% 8 00 8 00
O20th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRAXCISCO. April 13—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
Cate, as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfa.ll In the last twenty
four hours:
Last This 1 Last
8TATTOXS. 24 Hours Season. | Season.
33Qreka 44.49 47.26
Red Bluff 22.67 20.53
Facramento .... 17.50 18.40
6in Fraadsco 18.99 17.89
Fresno 10.SS 7.36
Independence 6.80 2.81
tan Luis Obispo 27.88 15.26
Los Angeles 14.17 6.71
Ean r>l*go x I 10.55 8.41
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
CO; rein? mum. 46; mean. S3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over Cali
fornia and Arizona and has risen slightly over
Utah. An erea of high pressure continues over
Washington and Vancouver Island, and con
ditions remain unfavorable for rain over the
greater portion of the Pacific Slope.
The temperature has fallen from 12 to 14
degTees over Utah, but throughout California
thera has been but little change. Warm
•weather continues In the great valleys, with
moderate north wind.
Forecast made at San FVandsco for thirty
tours ending midnight, April 14. 190L
Northern California— Fair Sunday, with light
xa.in Sunday night in northwestern portion;
light northerly* winds In the Interior; fresh
westerly winds on the coast, with fog.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light west
erly winds.
Nevada — Fair Sunday: light northerly wind*.
Utah — Pair Sunday; light westerly winds.
Arizona— Fair Sunday; light westerly winds.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday,
¦with Increasing clouCiness; light northerly,
changing to fresh westerly winds, with fog
Jn the afternoon.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
CHICAGO, April 13. — A decline at Liverpool
was influential at the opening of the wheat
market, May selling %@%c lower at 70%c to
70Hc. The majority of traders who bought on
recent Hessian fly complaints sold out at the
start. A demand for July raised that option
to %c premium over May and helped the
nearer future. At the decline the bull contin
gent put up a stiff fight and during the first
half hour succeeded In ' forcing a recovery to
70%c for May. The remainder of the curtailed
Saturday session was chiefly occupied in chang
ing May to July, business being on a moderate
scale. The prospect of a bearish set pf . statis
tics Monday, however, gave ri3e to an easier
tone and May gradually worked : off to 70%®
70 l 4c and closed easy, %c lower, at 70%c.
The trade in corn was small and most pro
fessional. May closed %c lower at 43%c.
Oats were dull. May closed He .lower at 25c.
Provisions were dull and easy on selling by
packers. May pork and lard closed 5c down
and ribs a shade depressed. • . ¦
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CLOSING.
Atchison. 66H; Canadian Pacific, 97U; Union
The Improvement In sliver early In the week
was due . to speculative purchase of options.
The advance was maintained temporarily by
Government purchases, presumably for mint
purposes. -Later the price relapsed on-Ameri
can Eelling. There is no likelihood of a near
revival of the . Indian demand.
NEW YORK, April 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Trading on the etock market here was brisk
to-day and the tone ¦ was cheerful.- The-Amer
ican department especially was active. Amer
ican Stocks were being readily absorbed par
ticularly to-day the Erie, Northern Pacific and
Louisvllles. The Continent, however, contin
ues to realize. Money wa« very. easy.
• The Statist regards the condition of Great
Britain's foreign trade as of great importance
to the money market, adding: "It means that
in view of the enormous purchases of foreign
produce we are Indebted to foreign countries,
especially the United • States. Should any
thing arise to. induce the , United States or
France to ask for payment In gold Instead of
securities a very tight condition would ensue.
Our, indebtedness to New York and Paris Is
rot likely to have an adverse effect on the
pesition of London. While money in New York
and Paris is cheap and the rate Is 3H per
cent in London there would be sufficient In
ducement for American and French bankers
to- leave their money here. But the position
may be considerably modified In the autumn,
when money- In the>United States and France
will probably be much more wanted, .' and lt
Till'-' be -essential for bankers there to call In
a .portion of "the money they are employing
here. - It Is very desirable, therefore, to main
tain the money value during the summer and
strengthen the gold . resources to meet the de
mands of the autumn." ..
In spite of the easier condition of short loans
discounts hardened, owing to the large outflow
tc- the provinces during .the past fortnlgnt re
tiuclng the bank's reserve to under £22,000,000
ard the adverse movement of New York ex
change. Probably, however, ; this will not be
maintained.' Money is likely to be somewhat
scarce until the budget is introduced April 18,
as clearances of dutiable goods in the mean
time will doubtless be very heavy, causing an
inflow of cash into the Bank of England.
Thereafter clearances will probably be meager.
As the disbursements are considerably ex
ceeding the income the treasury will be obliged
to raise money. Otherwise the Government
Instead of the market will be a borrower 'from
the bank, resulting in easier discounts. The
treasury during the past week had recourse
to bank borrowing In order to meet payments.
The usual April and May movements of cash
toward the country are likely to further re
duce the reserve of the Bank of England,- not
Blowing a reduction for the bank rate, unless
lit the event of extensive Continental and
American applications for the loan causing large
gold imports, though the prospect of an In
flow is not hopeful, owing to the condition of
money and exchange in New York and the fact
that I/or.don has been a large buyer of Ameri
can securities. Half a million in gold left
ltdia to-day and is due in London on . May
S. It will tand to strengthen the bank when
its resources will be considerably taxed by the
finance market in Its applications for the loan.
Consequent upon the plenitude of money the
indebtedness , of five millions tp the Bank of
England was fully redeemed by the middle of
the week, but fresh borrowings since of two
millions at 4Va. per cent at various dates have
been necessary to meet the requirement?.
LONDON. April 11.— Further borrowings from
the banks have relieved the stringency, some
what. ' Discounts were steady.
London [Money Mirkit,
WASHINGTON, April 13.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the "general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve,
shows: Available cash balance, .$152,649,735;
gold, $100,3C8.439.
Condition of the Treasury.
The Financier says: In the face of. a. state
ment like that of April 6 it was manifestly
impossible for the New York banks to further
expand their liabilities, and the exhibit of May
13 shows that they have been contracting their
loans and taking other steps to build up their
reserve percentages. The effect of this policy;
as expressed In a decrease of $13,489,600 in the
loan Item and of $1C,492,1OO In deposits, was
to reduce the amount which has to be- carried
against deposits by over $4,000,000, so, that
despite the loss of $2,000,000 in cash to the
Sub-Treasury and the interior, the excess 1
above the legal reserve was Increased $2,120,225,
making a total surplus of $7,938,200. This, jt
Is needless to remark, does not .mean, easier
money as the operation was one of banking
prudence and necessity, originating with the
clearing house Institutions themselves and not
reflecting a replenishment of the money sup
ply. The statement, however, will be regarded
as a favorable tone from the fact that the sur
plus Is larger, and really is to be regarded as
a reassuring one in its revelation of the power
of the banks to maintain absolute control of
the situation. The average percentage of .re
serve of the associated banks at the close of
the previous week was only 25.6 per cent, and
for the six days ending Saturday 25.8 per cent.
Money. did not average 5 per cent on call dur
ing the week, but even slight rises in quota
tions brought outside banks Into the market
as heavy lenders. The statement this week
includes bond payments and other receipts not
counted In the previous exhibit, thus rectif»
Ing the obviously misleading totals of April
6. In the same manner payments by the
Treasury for bonds bought at the end of the
current week will not show until next week.
The operations of syndicates which have con
summated plans may have the effect soon of
releasing funds, but for the moment the out
look favors .some firmness in rates, although
no stringency is feared. As a matter of fact,
it does not seem possible that money can go
to anything- like an extreme point here with
out bringing the usual relief from abroad, but
this is mentioned as a mere possibility rather
than a probability.
NEW YORK, April 13.— The weekly state
ment of averages of the Associated Banks
shows: Loans, $890,956,000; decrease, $13.4S4,6OO.
Deposits, *969.2S9,200; decrease, $16,432,100. Cir
culation, J31.47O.O00; decrease, $302,700. Legal
tenders. $69,618,400; Increase, $215,400. Specie,
5180,612.100; decrease, $2,218,400. Total reserve,
$250,260,500; decrease, ?2,0O2,S00. Reserve re
quired,. $242,322,300; decrease, $4,123,025. Sur
plus reserve. $7,938,200; increase, $2,120,225.
from the country has been suspended this week,
owing conjointly to the tighter money market
In New York and the easing of the London
market by the disbursement there of Govern
ment dividends, but it remains to be seen
whether the preparations for the taking up of
the new issue of consols, which is expected in
the latter part of the month, will not renew
the pressure upon New York fcr gold. Then
the season of crop uncertainties is approaching
and the effect of the first Government report of
the condition of the new crop calls attention
to the speculative dangers inherent In this im
portant subject. Wheat advanced and the
grangers declined on the report, notwithstand
ing the high average of condition reported, the
speculators showing nervousness over the evi
; dence of insect dair.are. But Wall street has
a sapient saying that "the way to bull a stock
is to buy lt." The action of the market seems
to bear out the faith of the speculative leaders
; that so long as they can command resources
to bid a stock up to a sharply higher price,
the country will furnish buyers to take lt off
their hands at a profit. The Impression pre
vails in Wall street, how Juatly there is no
way of course of finding out, that the specula
tive coterie which has led the recent advance
has the countenance and support or the bank-'
ing and financial Interests, which have been
prominent in the great financial projects re
cently consummated. The purchase of con
trolling Interests In other" properties has been
often supplemented by an issue of collateral
trust bonds to supply the purchase money. It
Is In the course of business that the bankers
of the syndicates who subscribed for these se
curities should market them. Their price is
effected by the market price of the stock which
forms their collateral security, which gives the
bankers and syndicates an Interest in the mir
ket price of the stocks. The profits of the
underwriting syndicate of the United States
Steel Corporation accrue first in the form of the
shares remaining after the various exchanges
under the plan are affected. This Is the' ground
for the suspicion in Wall street that elaborate
provision has been made for the support of
these stocks in the market, backed by the re
sources of the syndicates. It must be re
membered that a large amount of . the loans
outstanding of the New York banks are to the
various railroad and industrial syndicates,
made up of bankers and capitalists, who are
intimately acquainted with the affairs of the
money market and prospective movements in it.
The possible effect upon interest rates of the
manner and time of liquidating, these large
loans Is obvious. The speculators' make much
of the proposed plans and determination of
large capitalists to guard the slock specula
tion from serious harm from money stringency
and this belief, widely and rather vaguely held.
Is an Important influence In fostering the spec
ulation in face of some of the unpropltlous
features known to exist in the prospect.
Less attention has been paid to bonds than
to stocks and their movement have been Irregu
lar. United States new 4s and old 4s coupon
advanced «.j and the old registered and refund-
Ing 2s «4 per cent over the closing call of last
week. • : '". ' ' " . . . .,,
NEW YORK STOCK LIST....
Shares • Closing
Sold. Ftock— - • Bid.
25.100 Atchison (&%
8,600 Atchlstn prefd ...:........ 95\
300 Baltimore & Ohio...... 93
Canadian Pacific 94
1.000 Canada Southern 64?i
1,000 Chesapeake & Ohio 46\
400 Chicago Great Western..... 22vfc
34,100 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy UHH»
1,500 Chicago, Ind &. Louisville 37 %
600 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd T4
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 117
1,200 Chicago & Northwestern 20$V4
58,500 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 151?i
200 C C C & St Louis SOTi
11,400 Colorado Southern 12^4
500 Colorado Southern 1st- prefd 47V*
1.400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 21%
6.100 Delaware & Hudson 1SU
3,200 Delaware, < Lack & Western 223
COO Denver & Rio Grande 45V>
200 'Denver & Rio Grande, prefd 9434
35,500 Erie JS-,
3,1-00 Erie 1st prefd 707i
Great Northern prefd 20Ui
890 Hocking Coal ....:.... I'i'i
200 Hocking Valley :.2
2,200 Illinois Central ...........141
700 Iowa Central 33?i
300 Iowa Central prefd ¦. d2Vi
100 Lake Erie & Western "3
....... Lake Erie Jt Western. prefd..: 125
Lake Shore
7,500 Louisville & Nashville 10fi
13.700 Manhattan Elevated ...12S%
6,700 Metropolitan Street Railway 16SV4
3.500 Mexican Central .• 21%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 83
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd.'.. 112
6,100 Missouri Pacific l'J3%
2,200 Mobile & Ohio fc2>/ 2
1.000 Missouri, ' Kansas & Texas 28%
1,200 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 00ft
200 New Jersey Central 106
B.S'50 New York Central l.MV*
3,300 Norfolk & Western ffitf
. Norfolk' & Western prefd M»Vi
S3.100 Northern Pacific : P9?i
4,300 Northern Pacific prefd....... 80%
3,200 Ontario & Western 34T*
Oregon Railroad & Nav 42
Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 7b
8.100 Pennsyl\ ania ¦ V>6'i
12.700 Reading 30"',
3, 1C0 Reading 1st prefd.. 76
5,900 Reading 2d prefd..... 52%
Rio Grande Western : 79
Rio Grande Western prefd 100V4
1,000 St Louis & San Francisco 40ii
1<X> St Louis & San Fran 1st prpfd S"-'ty
200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 6.V!*
200 St Louis, Southwestern 3>i*v
2 900 St Louis, Southwestern prefd Ci',i
24,700 St Paul lbo
8.100 St Paul prefd : l»3»,i
St Paul & Omaha 140
6,800 Southern Pacific 45"i
7.7CO Southern Railway 2SU
3.D00 Southern Railway prefd S0',i
• 7.700 Texas & Pacific •>... 42 7 i
S4,500 Union Pacific »".¦»
600 Union Pacific prefd.. S5
4,100 Wabash S0"i
4.900 Wabash prefd 39"»
1,500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 19
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d pref-1 35
2.200 "Wisconsin Central- r.'-i
Third Avenue 122
8,100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91VJ
700 National Tube 66%
100 National Tube prefd IIS
Express companies —
Adams ., 165
American .' .....19«
United States 87
Wrlls-Kargo 140
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 26
American Cotton Oil prefd 84
400 American Malting .'. 5
800 American Malting prefd ..> 25
S.400 American Smelting & Refln 61%
S00 American Smelting & Kfefln prefd .. 97
American Spirits 2Vi
American Spirits prefd «.... 17
American Steel Hoop 46'i
American Steel Hoop prefd 95
American Steel &.Wire 47v4
American Steel & Wire prefd 110%
American Tin Plate 78
...;... American Tin Plate prefd 117
25,100 American Tobacco ....' ; 129
American Tobacco prefd ¦ ....144.'
8.100 Anaconda Mining Co 51H
8.600 Brooklyn Rapid Tranolf 83%
14,100 Colorado Fuel .& Iron 78^
10,500 Continental Tobacco 47 J 4
1.500 Continental Tobacco prefd 104Vi
200 Federal Steel 54
Federal Steel prefd ;.. 102
600 General Electric ". 228
• Glucose Sugar 49
Glucose Sugar prefd ..; 96
800 International : Paper .' .:... 264
200 International Paper prefd ........... 79%
... Laclede Gas : S6
... : National Biscuit 39-
National Biscuit prefd 96
National Lead ,.-. 16
National Lead prefd ::.....'..:. .'..... S3
National Steel 67
National Steel prefd 117
New York Air .Brake 154
400 North American S7%
Pacific Coast 53
.. Pacific Coast 1st prefd 90
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63 ,
Pacific Mail 36
6.100 People's Gas i..lllT4
6 400 Pressed Steel Car .". :... 45v4
3 900 Pressed Steel Car prefd ............... S3vfc
100 Pullman Palace Car 111%
;.-..• Standard Rope & Twine 4',4
88,400 Sugar. ... V .......:';^...^:,;..........146H
Sugar prefd 129
Weather Report.
"The prune trade waa less active last week,
trade being more on the hand-to-mouth order.
El see 4O-50s, 60-60s and 60- 70s are Etill very firm
¦md Bca-rce. Supplies should be considerably
Increased this week bv arrivals from California.
Trade in peaches is light. Raisins are slow and
easy. Figs are selling well and there is a
email demand for dates, which are about
steady. Only a email demand Is noted for cur
rants."
"Reports of frost to apricots on the coa*.t
fcave resulted In a little more interest In spot
stocks, and there was some buying last week,
undoubtedly of a Fpeculative nature. So far as
can b« learned, however, the quantity of apri
ootn changing hands is not large. The mar
ket Is firmer, forae coast holders of stocks here
advancing In their Ideas about J /i@^c In gen
er_l, prices at the'close of the week were about
as on Monday. Choice Royals of very good
qualltr can be bought at from 7@'Sc and Moor
!>arks at lr.
lAtest mail advices from New Tork say
The local bar.k clearings for the past week
$21,552,416. against $1S.69?.C81 during the
eame week last year.
r Aprkots and Prunes in New York.
Bank Clearings.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. . Morninr Session.
COO Best & Belcher 21 900 Mexican ....... 35
S00 Challenge 15 300 Mexican W
600 Chollar 13 TOO Ophlr 79
S00 Con Cal & Va.2 40 800 Overman 25
600 Con Cal & Va.2 35 200 Overman 14
200 Gould & Curry. 23,1 100 Savage 11
Following were the males In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
. , Moratns Session.
300 Best & Belchec 201 200 Hale & Norcr*. 81
200 Chollar 12 1200 Mexican S3
1S50 Con Cal & Va.2 40 1400 Mexican 34
400 C C & Va....3 42% 300 Mexican 33
400 Con Cal & Vt_2 45 800 Ophlr 78
60 Con Cal & Vi.2 35 400 Ophir 79
150 C C & Va 2 37% 300 Ophlr *»
200 C C & Va..,.2 32Vj 1300 Sierra Nevada. 33
800 Gould & Cuiry. 22 700 Utah 3i
100 Hale & Norcrs. 32
CX1O6XNQ QUOTATIONS. ) *
JJ'-.'- '' y '-*X% -SATURDAY. April K-U jnV '
Alpha 03 05 Justice 01 03
Alta 05 07 Kentuck w Cl 02
Andes OS C8 Lady Waah..... 01 03
Belcher 21 23 Mexican 34 s>
Best & Belcher 09 20[Occldental 03 04
Bullion 01 «2!Ophtr 77 7*
Caledonia 75 78;Overman 24 23
Challenge Con.. 14 16;Pot09i 09 l*>
Chollar 11 12 Savag» 11 13
Confidence 73 T> Scorpion — «4
Con Cal & Va.2 30 2 40 Seg Belcher..... 03 P*
Con Imperial.... — Cl Sierra Nevada.. 32 34
Con New York. — 61 Silver HU1 33 *)
Crown Point.... 13 15, St Louis 06
Eureka Con.... 06 — (Standard ....... — 4 30
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate 05 —
Gould & Curry. 21 22] Union Con ..„. 18 17
Hale & Norcrs. 28 30|Utah 04 tS
Julia — «J Yellow Jacket.. 15 18
Morning Session.
100 California Standard 41
600 California Standard .-'. 40
600 Four Oil Co 5i>
100 Monarch of Arizona 58
400 Occidental of "West Virginia t»
2000 Petroleum Center 14
100 Sterling 3 02H1
MINING STOCKS. «
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
:
SATURDAY. April 13—13 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
4s coupon .... — 115 4s coup (new).139 133%
4s registered ..112*4114 |3s quar eoup.lllUlll£
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO3% — Oak W Co Bs.101% —
Cal-st Cab 6s. 117 — Oceanic S3 Sa.104 105';
C C Water 53.1094 _ Om C R 8S....12M; —
E L & P 6s..l2S!*133H Pac G Imp 4j — —
F & Cl Ry 6a.H5 — Pk & Cl R 6S.105 —
Geary-st It 5s. — — Pk & O R Ss.117 —
Haw C 5%s..lO6% — Powell-st R 6sl20 — *
Haw C 5s 102 102!i S E G & R 5s — 101
L A R R 5s.. — 1134 S F & SJV Bs.llS^ —
L A L Co 6s. — 102 S R of Cal 6s — —
Do gntd «s.. — 104 S P R Of A «s
Do gntd 5d.. 99*i — i (1909) — 113*£
¦u A P R R 5s. 102% — l Do <1910> — 114 - -4
Do 1st C 53.. 101 — S P C 6s (1905,
Market-st C «sl26H — Series A) ...10H4 —
Do 1st C Bs.121%123 Do iSerlesB)107«4 —
N C N G R 7s — 11Z% Do (1908) ....110 —
N R of Cal 6sll3 — Do U913> ..-• — —
N R of Cal 5s. — 118% S P C 1st g 5slO<P4 —
N P R R 6S..101H — S P Br R 6S.1337* —
N P R R 5S..10SH — S V Water 8s.U3^4U4
NCR 63 Ill** — Do in 103!il04i;
O G L & H 6sll0% — Do 3d mtgr. . — 103\i
Oak Tr Co 6s. — — Stkn O & E BslOO —
WATER. STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 74 | Spring Valley. 89H M
Marin County. 53% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L A. P... Vi »% Pae Lt Co 43 —
Kqult Gas .... 3% — Sac E G & R. — —
Mut Elec Lt.. — 7 8 F G A E... 44U —
O G L & HN. BOU 53 San Francisco 4>; 44
Pac Gaa Imp. — 40 Stktn G & B.. — U
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 236 24T%| - <
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 73 79 Lon P & A....14* — '
Bank of Cal. ..410 — Mer Ex (l!q).. 1« —
Cal Safe D«p.l06%107 8 F NatlonaLttO 125
1st N of S F.. — 315
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S30 1900 Sav Sc Loan..— —
Humboldt — — Security ...... 273 "— ,'
Mutual BO — Union TrusL.. — —
S F Sav U....515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornla-st . — 140 O S L & H.. 40 — ,
Geary-st 474 — Presidio — —
Market-at .... — — '^I'S-'a' JVcD
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co — 81 Vlgorlt ""' '",-'' VA VA
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan ..7 8 Kllauea, ....... 20 I0'4
Haw Com .... 57% — Makawell J9% —
Honokaa 30 — Onomea 26% 27^4
Hutch S P 20 — Paauhau 29Vi 30
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 122 124 Oceanic S3 Co 43 4814
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — Pac A F A... -t —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pao C Bor Col52%153'4
Mer Ex Assn. 105 — Par Paint. Co. IS —
Morning Session.
Board—
$3000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per cent.. 10 J 84
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 67 60
S Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 63 on.
60 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar S3 m
60 Honokaa Co JO 00
300 Makawell - W 75
100 Makawell 83 87Vi
40 Market Street Railway 63 75
10 8 F Gas & Electrio Co 44 25
. 6 Spring Valley Water. ¦ Vi 89 73
$8000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mortgage)104 60
$2000 Hawaiian C & S Co Bs 103 25 *
_______ JT
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. : | /
' Morning Session. . '.
Board-
SCO Cala-Standard ~. 40
100 Caribou 79
100 Home - 8 80
100 Independence - 18
63 Kern 7 37'£
60 Kern 7 25
10 Kern River „ 13 00
200 Monarch of Arizona ..................... SS
200- Monarch of Arizona. 5T
500 Petroleum Center 15
1500 Petroleum Center, s 30 ~. 15
1500 Petroleum Center, b CO .,--'¦ Vi
600 Reed Crude 6ft
100 Sunset (original) 23
Street—
1C00 Monarch of Arizona (0
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
principal sales being as follows: Caribou, 1375
shares; Bear Flag. 1600: Junction. 1050; Oil
City. 3000; Lion. (SCO: Independence, 22.900;
Twenty-eight. 1240: Four. 3150: Home. 1600;
Reed. 4500; Occidental. 1700; Aetna. 2000; Petro
leum Center, 6400; Monarch. 7050.
.Dairy — Extras, 15c; firsts, • 14c; seconds, — ;
store, lie. ; y . . - . . • ' -
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— , ' . , • "
Creamery— Extras, 18c; flrsta, 15c; seconds,
The Butter and Egg market Is In a.' badly
demoralized condition, owing to the different
prices quoted by the ' various Interests. For
some tlm» the Dairy Exchange has been quot
ing one Ket of prices, while sales on the street
and ' In the country have been made at an en
tirely different set. All this Is confusing and
a' source of great disturbance to the trade.
Much of the trouble originated In the practice
of 1 contracting In the - country on newspaper
quotations, to which The Call baa repeatedly
called attention for a number, of years. The
result of thlB la the two : seta of quotations
mentioned above. 'With a view to rectifying
this disorder and enabling every dealer and
producer to see at a glance the exact state of
the market -The Call will hereafter quote th«
prices ruling " In the open market" as well as
those ruling on the exchange. The difference.
It will be seen, ; la marked, especially In the
case of Butter and Eggs. , . . . -- ¦ . ¦
.Stocks of Butter -are liberal and the market
Is rather slow. Spot stocks of Eggs are still
kept down by the demand for ; storage.
Receipts were 37,600 pounds and 74 tub* of
Butter, 1236 cases Eggs, ca*es Eastern
Eggs, - 2200 pounds California Cheese and — -
pounds Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. f
One car of Eastern came In, making five for
the week, selling at $6 ft 6 50 for Hens, $4 60
for old Roosters, $7 60 for young do, - $6 for
Fryers, $1 75 for Pigeons, $3 for Squabs, $5
for old Ducks, $1 60 for Geese and ll@15o for
Turkeys.
Local Poultry continues dull and weak, with
some stock left on hand at the close yester-
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, »®llo for Gob
blers and 12@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@l 75: Goslings, $2 25@2 75; Ducks, $5@8
for old and $6@8 for young: Hens, $4®5 60;
young Roosters, $6 5007 60; old Roosters, $4 25
@4 60; Fryers, $5@6; Broilers, $4@5 for large
and $2 50@3 50 for small; Pigeons, $2 per dozen
for old and $2 50@2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $S; , White 'Geese, $1;
Brant, $160; English Snipe, $3: Jack Bnipe,
$160; Hare. $1@1 25: Rabbits, $125 for.Cotton
tall and 75c®$l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
Potatoes are quoted very firm, stocks being
moderate and prospective receipts light. Still
higher prices are looked for. Onions are not
overfirm, as the market Is well supplied at the
moment.
Vegetables are In ample supply.
New White Onions from San Leandro sold at
$3 60 Der ctl. . . . .
¦ Receipts were 1250 boxes Asparagus, 650 boxes
Rhubarb, 677 sacks Bay Peas and 510 sacks
New Potatoes.
I POTATOES— Early Rose, 70® 90c; Burbanks,
35@€0o for River and 90c@$l 10 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles from Oregon, $1©1 25: - Sweets,
50@65c for Merced; New Potatoes, %@l%c
per lb. ¦ ¦
ONIONS— Oregons, $3@3 60 per ctl;. Nevadas,
$3 £5@3 75: Cut Onions. 50c@$l .?5 per sack: Aus
tralians, $3 50@3 75; Green Onions, 2o@40o per
box.
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, 50c@$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, $2@2 23 for fancy, $1 4Q@>1 75 per box
for No. 1 and 75c®$l 25 for No. 2; Green Peas.
$10150 per Back; String Beans, 6@9c; Cab
bage, 50@60c; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, $1 60@l 75
per crate; from Mexico. 75c@$l 26 per crate:
Egg Plant, Los Angeles, 15o per lb; Green
Peppers, Los Angeles, 15o per lb for Chile and
85o for Bell; Dried Peppers,- 12@lSc; Dry Okra,
20©25c per lb: Carrots. 25®3Bc per sack: Hot
house Cucumbers, E0c@$l per dozen; Summer
Squash, $1 60 per box; Garlic, 4®6o per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash, $20@30 per ton.
The market Is quiet and quotations show lit
tle change. '
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50@2 70: Small White, $4 78
@4 90; Larg» White, $4©4 15; Pink, $1 T5019O;
Red. $3@3 25; Blackeye, $2 75@3; Llmaa, $6 25
@6 50; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 SO per otl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. " $2 5003; Canary, 3%Q
2%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7V4®8%c for Calif or.
nla and 9@9%c for Utah; Rape, 2@2&c;-Hemp,
3%c; Timothy. 6%e.
DRIED PEAS— Nilea, $2@2 50; Green. $2 70®
X per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Dealers are beginning to talk about th» need
of rain and say that unless we get some soon
the Hay market Is likely to do better. There
is no change in Feedstufts.
BRAN— tla 50@16 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17 B0®18 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@2i; Jobbing,
$26 50: Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S; Corn Meal, $25©
25 60: Cracked Corn, $25 60@26; Mixed Feed,
$15©16. . '
HAY— Volunteer. $5©8; Wheat. $U@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $8@9 50: Barley, $7 B0@9 50 per ton. •
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
• Beans and Seeds. 3 " £
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
3 60 usual terms; Bakers' Kxtraa, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 76
(23. • •
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. « per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 60; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 SO; Hom
iny $3 50^3 76: Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat, .$3 60; Farina, $4 60: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels),
$6 1007 60: in eacks, $5 75@7 25: Pearl Barley,
$5- Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 B0 per 100 lbs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
99 7 /ic.
' Second Session— May— 4C0O ctls, $1; 4000, $1 OOVi.
Regular Morning Session— Mav— 2000 ctls.
$1 00%: 12.000. $1. December— 8000. $1 04%.
B. i l»jRLEY — A complete absence of demand,
better offerings and a hint from the Weather
Bureau that rain was possible by Sunday
night had a tendency to weaken the market,
which explains the shaded quotations.
Feed" 77V-@78%c for No. 1 and 73%@75c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 82%©
87H:c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 14,000 ctls, 75%o.
Regular Morning Session— December — 6000
ctls, 7Sc: 8000, 72%c.
OATS— Quotations show no advance, but the
market is very firm with a marked increase In
sales, due. It is thought, to the low stocks In
the possesssion of consumers. White, $1 87%@
160; Surprise, nominal; Red, $132%@145;
Black. $1 15@1 25 per ctl.
CORN—There Is nothing going on. Yellow,
$1100115; White, ?110@115; Eastern Mixed,
$1 12% per ctl. - .
. RYE — 80@82%c per ctl. The market continues
dull, with liberal offerings.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65©1 70 per
ctl, ex-warehouse.
:'\Flour and Millstuffs. r '¦
CALL BOARD SALES,
WHEAT— The week .closed dull everywhere.
Paris and Liverpool futures were lower. New
York declined slightly.
Chicago was quiet and featureless. The
commission houses were sellers as a rule. There
was a better cash demand in the West and
continued talk of Hessian fly. Crop prospects
continued favorable. The American visible
suppply was expected to show a decrease of
about 1,500,000 bushels to-morrow, to be offset,
however, by a large quantity on passage.
This market was dull and quotations stood
about the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1; milling, $1 02%@
1 05 per ctt.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days -? $4 85^
Sterling Exchange, sight .;. — 4 &&%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce — ' 69
Mexican Dollars,' nominal 49% @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
l\ cckly bank clearings shczv the usual gain.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
W heat dull and easy. Barley weaker.
Oats pointing- upward. Corn and Rye neglected.
Beans and Seeds stand about the same.
Hay and Feedstuff s steady and unchanged.
Potatoes firm, with moderate stocks. Onions easy.
Poultry in good supply and weak.
Two sets of quotations ruling for Butter and Eggs.
Strawberries in larger receipt, but steady.
Limes lower under fresh arrivals.
Seven cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-morrow.
Drkd Fruit as before.
Provisions steady and quiet.
Ko change in Meats.
Light trading on the stock exchanges.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
1.700 Tennessee Coal & Iron 64^1
4,200 United States Leather 1314
3,300 United States Leather prefd- ...... 77%
100 United States Rubber 20Vi
. iiS Ji nit f d States Rubber prefd 60 1 /.
1.000 Western Union . : 92'4
33,100 Amalgamated Copper 115%
1.200 Republic Iron & Steel Co 20
1,200 - Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 76 .
P C C & St Louis 64
43.RO0 United States Steel ..:... 47%
22.100 United States Steel prefd 95H
753,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s reg ref i06U|N Y C lsts. ..;:.'. .10714
Do coupon 106H N J C gen 6s 132
U S 3s reg 110% N Pacific 3s 72%
Bo 3s coupon. ...llli^ Do 4s 104;4
Do new 4s reg. ..133 N Y C ft St L 4s.lO6>i
Do new 4s coup.. 139 N & W con 4s 101«4
Do old 4s reg.... 113^4 Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup.. .113% Do 4s . .....104
Do 5s reg m% Or Short Line 6j.129
Do 5s coupon lllVz Do con 5s 117
Dist of Col 3. 65s.. 124 Reading gen 4s.... 95»i
Atchison gen 4s. ...102 ROW lsts 101
I>o adj 4s 96 St L & I M cori 5S.115&
Canada So 2ds..;..108% St L & S F gen 63.131%
Ches & O 4%s 106Vft!St Paul cons 191
Do 5s 121% St P C & P lsts. ..118%
Chi & N con 7b. ...142 Do 5s 120'4
Do S F deb 5s. ..124 S Pacific 4s.. 92
Chicago Term 4s... 97^ S Railway 5s 116
Colorado So 4s 87% Stand R & T 6s... 59
D & R G 4s 101% Tex & Pac lsts. ..119
Erie gen 4s S8% Do 2ds ¦ 100
F W & D C lsts... 104 U Pacific 4s....... .105%
Gen Electric 5s....l83',2 Wabash lsts 120
Iowa Cent lsts. ...117 Do 2ds HOtf
I- & N uni 4s 102% West Shore 4s 114%
M K & T 2da SI Wise Cent lsts 90
Do 4s 98% Va Centuries 95
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief... 14
Alice 35 Ontario 9 00
Breece 125:Ophir | 72
Brunswick Con 20'Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosi 07
Con Cal & Va 2 l r Savage 08
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada 25
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 60
Iron Silver 60 Standard 4 15
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— , Jwestlngh Elec .... 65 <
Call loans 3@4 Bonds-
Time loans 3%@4% Atchison 4s 102
Stocks — Mining shares —
Atchison 65 U Adventure 15v4
do prefd 95% Allouez Min Co 25?i
Am. Sugar 116% Amalg C6pper ....116
do prefd 123 Atlantic 31',i
Bell Telephone 171V* Boston & Mont 407
Boston & Albany. .263 Butte & Boston 110%
Boston Elevated... 175 Calumet & Hecla..S30
C B & Q 1S9V4 Centennial fiS',4
Dom Coal 36^2 Franklin 1S%
do prefd 112% Humboldt ..' 25 .
Fitchburg prefd ..145 Osceola 85%
Gen Electric .226% Parrot- 44%
Ed Elec 111 240 Quincy 18Vi
Mex Cent 24U Santa Fe Copper... 9%
N E G & Coke 11 . Tamarack 34
Old Colony 209 Utah Mining 35%
Old Dominion 33 Winona 4%
Union Paciflcc .... 93% Wolverines 52%
West End 98
NEW YORK, April 13.— The imports of dry
goods and merchandise to the 'port of New
York for this. week were valued at $10,327,550.
The imports of specie last' week- were $27,766
gold and $108,861 silver.
Exports of gold and silver . from this port
to all countries for this week aggregate $689,
050 silver bars and coin, and $27,966 gold.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, April 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13,000 barrels; exports, 29,096 barrels; very quiet
and about at unchanged prices; winter. patents,
J3 60@4; winter straishts, $3 4083 50; Mlnne- .
sota patents, •¦ fZ 90@4 25-; winter extras, $2 4O@
2 SO; Minnesota bakers, $2 90@3 25; winter low
grades, J2 20(52 35.
WHEAT— Receipts, 53,200 bushels r exports,
29,000 bushels; spot, steady; No. 2 red, 79c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 77c elevator; .' No. 1
Northern Duluth,-85&c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 88%c f. e. b. afloat. Options had
a weak opening under, free selling for both ac
counts, influenced by bearish cables, fine
weather conditions west, prospects for a good
increase on passage Monday and weak outside
markets.' They finally rallied a little on cover- ¦
ing and closed steady at %@%c net decline.
May. 76 7-16@76%c, closed at 765ic; July, 75*i@
7616c, cld&ed . at 76V4c; September, 75@75}jc,
closed at 7o%c.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 1900
crop, 17ig20c; 1899, ll@15c; old olds, 2@6c; Pa
ciflc Coast, 1900 crop, 16(gl9c; 1899, ll@luc; old
olds. 2Si6c.
HIDES— Steady; California, 21 to 25 lbs, 19c.
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece, . 24@26c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6^c
nominal; mild, dull; Cordova, 8Vi@12<fcc. Fu
tures closed steady, with prices net unchanged
to 5 points lower; total sales were 15,750 bags,
including May, $5 45; June, $5 60; October, $5 75;
November, $5 SO; March, $6 10.
SUGAR— Strong; fair retining, 3 9-16c; cen
trifugal, S6 test, 4 3-32c; molasses sugar, 3 l-32c;
refined, firm; No. 6, 4.S0c; No. 7, 4.70c; No. 8,
4.60c; No. 9, 4.45c; No. 10, 4.50c; No. 11. 4.43c;
No. 12, 4.40c; No. 13, 4.40c; No. 14, 4.35c; stand
ard A, 5.15c; confectioners' A, 5.15c; mold A,
5.70c; cut-loaf, 5.S5c; crushed, 5. 85c; powdered,
5.45c; granulated, 5.30c; cubes, 5.60c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8640 packages; easy;
fresh creamery, 16@22c; factory, HV4@13^c.
EGGS— Receipts, S852 packages; strong; West
ern, fresh, 13%@14c; Western, storage, 14@14Vic.
DRIED FRUITS.
As usual for a Saturday half-holiday the
market for evaporated apples ruled dull but
steady at unchanged prices. State common
about steady, 3@4c; prime, 4>£<!j)4%c; choice,
o@5%c; fancy, 6@6',fce, California dried fruits
were quoted nominally: Prunes at 3Vi@7c per
pound, as to size and quality. ¦ Apricots —
Royal, 7V&S?10c; Moorpark. 8U@Uc. Peaches-
Peeled 12J£@20c; unpeeled, 5',i<g,10c.
Flour, qr sks 12.830 Hay, tons 407
Wheat, ctls ..... 99.6S2 Straw, tons ..... K)
Barley, ctla 4,430 Pelts, bdla 79
Oats, ctla 70 Hides, no 273
Rye, ctls 890 Lime, bbls 133
Corn, ctls 1,200 Win*, gals 108.500
Beans, sks 43S Leatbpr, rolls ... 85
Potatoes, sks ... 2,164 Tallow, ctls 32
Bran, sks 1,090 gugar, ctls ...... U.0O6
Middlings, ska .. 1.020 Chicory, bbls .... El
Wool, bales 1.119 ¦ .
WASHINGTON. \
Flour. Qr sks...."10.2S6| .' !
FOR SATURDAY. APRIL 13.
¦ RICE— China mixed. $4 20®4 25; No. 1, $4 70®
4 85; extra, $5 20®5 50; Japanese. $4 95®a 50;
Louisiana. $4@6 60; Hawaiian, nominal.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.05c; Powdered, 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.65c; Dry Granulated, 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.55c; Magnolia A, 6.15c; Extra C,
6.05c; Golden C, 4.95c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 60c more; 60-lb bags,
10c . more. No orders takrn for less than 71
barrels or Us equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.30c; boxes, 6.55c per lb.
Receipts of Produce. '¦]
COAL— Welllnprton, $9 per ton; Bouthfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $S 60; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 23 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 Der 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton. accord
ins to brand.
'BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 85; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 7c; spot, «T*®7c;
local make, He lees than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 30® 34c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
LAMB— Spring, SQlOc per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, 120 lbs and under, Cftc;
180 to 22S lbs, «%®6%c; K5 and over, «®6Vio;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs. 8%@9%c
General Merchandise; tJ
BEEF— 7§So for Steers and , ($7o per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8o; small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8®»c; Ewes, TttCso P«
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9V£c; medium, 84c; light. 8c. Cow
Hides, 8V4c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip, 9c: Salted Veal. 9c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 15%c; Culls. 13c; Dry
Kip, 15o; Dry Calf, 16c; Culls and Brands, 12@
13a; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25o each; short
Wool, 30j?40c each; medium, 50@65c; long Wool,
75c©$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $3 50 for large
and $2©2 25 for medium, J1®1 25 for small and
60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large,
tl 23 for medium, }1 for small and EOc for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red 6klns. 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskin*— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth 50c; medium, 85c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No. 2,
S%@4c; grease, 2<3>2V4o.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 15® 16c per lb: Northern, free. 12t9
13c; defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free, 100
lie; do, defective, 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8©9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c; do, de
fective. 7 months, 7®Sc; Oregon Valley, fine,
15Q16C; do, medium and coarse, 14016c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do fair to good. 9 ©lie;
Nevada, 10@12o.
HOP&-^15@20o per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 10»ic; 10-lb tins, ll'ic; a-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. &%c; three
half-barrela, 8Hc: one tierce, 8Hc; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
. No further advance is reported and dealers
seem to think that prices have about reached
the top notch for the present. ,
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12o p£r lb for
heavy 12^@13c for light medium, 13fte for
light. 14%c^fox extra light and 15%c for eugar-,
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 £0 per barrel: extra Mess. $12 60; Fam
ily, $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15@15 50; extra
dear $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
RAISINS— Ths Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's rancy, 12c per lb: choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOttc per lb;
choice, 9^c; standard, i%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c: Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown. e'ic; 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand. 2-erown. 5c; 3-crown. B«£c, and
4-crown, 5V>c: seeded (Fresno prices), 5c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
51 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perial. $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. 8©10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 10c; No. 2. V£c; No.
1 hardshell, 9%c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 12@13c
for paper-shell, 9@llc for Boftshell; Peanuts.
f/«6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c: Fil
berts, I2@12%c; Pecans, 11013c; Cocoanuts.
$S 50@5.
HONEY- Comb. 13^@14c for bright and 12%
@13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7@7V4c; light amber extracted. 5@6c; dark. 4@
5c per lb. -. .
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
¦ ' I
Provisions. '
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes, Ic; 30-40s, — :
40-503. 3%c; 50-60s, 3&c; 60-70s, 2%c; 70-SOs, 2Uc:
8O-9Os l%c; 90-lOOs, H»c; 100-lIOs, IViC. The3O
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made.
FRUITS-^-Arrlcots, 6@7%c for Royals and
SH@10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
ZViSSe; sun-dried. l%@2c; Peaches. 3#3<ric for
standard 4@5c for choice and 5®6c for fancy;
Fears 2@7c: Plums, pitted. 3%@5c; unpltted,
l@l%c; Nectarines. 4@4Hc for red and 4@5c
for white.
There Is nothing new to report.
APPLES-J1S2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranjres, 75c©*2;
Seedlings. : Tangerines. 50c®$l 35; Lemons,
SCc@?l for common and $1 2562 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. aOrr!?$l 50: Mexican Limes,
$4 50; Bananas, $1 25<8"2 60 per bunch; Pine
apples, lacQi'i per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
STRAWBERRIES— JKMS13 per chest for Long
worths and t«@9 for large berries. Receipts
were 190 chests.
¦FRUITS —
DECIOTTOUS
Limes are lower, under arrivals of 533 boxes,
with a lot more expected in a week or ten days.
There Is no change in Oranges and Lemons.
Receipts of Strawberries were much larger,
but the market kept .Up.
Seven cars of Oranges are announced for to
morrow's auction.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER— CTeamery. 17017%o -per lb for
fancy and 16@16^c for seconds; dairy, 14916c
per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild. new. 9H©10c; old, 9c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 16@17o for good to fancy;
store, I4g>l5c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS
CHEESE— Fancy, lull cream. »%a; choice,
8%c; common, nominal; Young America*. 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 14816c per 1b.
EGGS—
Callfomia Ranch — Selected White, 15c; mixed
colors, .He per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected. 13Hc; stand
ard, 12V~c; seconds, .
PORTLAND, April 13.— An occasional small
sale for milling purposes was made on the basis
of 67%@5Sc for Walla Walla. Aside from rec
ord-breaking shipments there Is but little of In
terest in wheat at present. .'
Cleared— British ehip Thistle, with 137.242
bushels of wheat: British ship Algburth, with
102,726 bushels- wheat, both for Queenstown;
British steamer Monmouthshire, for Vincent,
for orders, with 112,034 bushels wheat. •
Shipments for the month of April to date are
1.171,243 bushels of wheat and 36,370 barrels of
flour. ,¦¦¦-".'¦
" ¦ ¦ • "WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 13.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; Blue Stem, 59c; Club, 66&C.
OREGON.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. April 13.— Clearings, $218,700;
balances,.' $33,862.
Northern Wheat Market.
4s Ud ; do old, 4s IHd. Futures— Steady; May,
4s; July, 3a ll%d; September, 3s ll%d. '
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, steady, £4
@4 t 15s. ' - ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SUNDAY, APRIL 14, 1901.
Pacific prefd, - 87;*; Northern Pacific prefd.
99*4; Grand Trunk/ 8%; Anaconda, il. Bar
silver, steady, . 27%d per ounce. Money, Z%
per cent.' " -
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
31
Associated Banks' Statement.
AUCTION SALES
PEREMPTORY AUCTION SALE
By Order of Assignee,
Of Contents of SALE AND LIVERY STABLB
Located at
1140 FOLSOM STREET.
THTTRSDAT April IS
At 11 O'Clock.
Stock consists of 13 Work and Driving
Horses, 10 Open Buggies, 7 Top Bur-
gles. 8 Carts. 4 Surreys, i Hacks, 5
Top Rockaways. 2 "Wagonettes. 3 Rub-
berrtire^ Buggies. . 1 O'Brien Patent Sprtiur
Pneumatic Tira Road Buggy, only used a few
times (cost $350 three months ago), has pole
and shafts; 49 Sets Work and Bug-yy Harness,
4 Saddles. 100 Extra Collars. Lot Wheel*. Top.
etc.: 2 Chests of TcoU.
Sale rain or shine, as everything positively
must be sold on this date.
S. WATKIN3, Anctlon—r.
5a Jfe» fes
AUCTION SALE
TO-MORROW.
MONDAT. April 15. at 11 a. m.. O head
BROKE HORSES. MATCHED TEAMS, sound
young horses from Modoc County; also eorao
fast PACERS, TROTTERS and business
horsea. Horsea will be Bhown to harness be-
fore day of sale. OCCIDENTAL HORSE
EXCHANGE.- No. 721 Howard St.. near Third.
$50,000, Interest 7 % I
BEST SECURITY GIVEN. M
118 PHBLAN BUILDING, 1
' SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. t BHermann Convicted.
S. B. Hermann, 1030 Washington street
was convicted by Judge Cabaniss yester
day on a charge of misdemeanor embez
rlement and will be sentenced to-morrow
He got a phonograph to sell from the Col
lumbla Phonograph Company and pawned
\ ~ % ? hare f gainst him of compound
ing a felony ln the case of Ella Cerny
whom he accused of throwing .vitriol at
him, was called and continued till next
Wednesday, as no complaint had been
LAUNDRY RATES
ARE ADVANCED
Shorter Hours and More Pay
for Employes Gives
the Excuse.
»
Increase in Bills Causes Worry, but
Problem May Be Met by Or
ganization of Washing
Circles.
Cleanliness mty be a near relation to
godliness ln some localities, but in San
Francisco just at present the two are
estranged. Laundry rates have gone
bounding upward, and those who would
be cleanly are giving vent to many un-
godly expressions.
John Chinaman is "it" at this writing,
because he hasn't advanced far enough in
the ways of American civilization to know
the value of organization, but should he
become enlightened and form a "Chinese
Washermen's Union" clean collars and
cuffs will be a luxury, pajamas a dream
and 6heets and pillow cases will have to
do duty for more than the ordinary num
ber of days allotted.
Wages Go Up 5 Per Cent, Bates 50.
Heretofore it was cheaper to send out
the "washing" than to have it done at
home. This has been changed by the ad
vance of washing and Ironing prices by
the principal aeam laundries of the city
p in order to meet the demands granted
their employes. Now somebody has to
pay for the advance, and the customer
has been selected to bear the burden of
the man who needs a clean shirt.
The laundry workers claimed that the
Increased wages mean an advance of less
than 6 per cent. In order to keep things
even the proprietors of the laundries have
advanced prices anywhere from 25 to 50
per cent. The greatest increase is made
on work that requires the least skill, but
the largest amount of manual labor.
A sliding scale of prices has been adopt
ed. To launder negligee shirts, which
¦were usually regarded as soft snaps, costs
now from 10 to IS cents. The picnic and
the negligee shirt usually flourish at the
same time. It does not matter whether
these shirts are with or without cuffs— all
go into the wash together and come out
with the same bills.
From those who wear the curious robe
de nuit combination, known as pajamas,
a slightly less proportionate and heavier
impost of washing duties has been ex
acted. Twenty cents was formerlly the
price demanded for the cleansing of this
garment. Now It costs a quarter.
Barbers Suffer as They Advance.
A peculiar distinction is made about
utirbers' coats. If you are a plain, or
dinaryi every-day barber your jacket can
be laundered lor a dime. But if you pro
gress ln the profession and attain to the
dignity of a tonsorial artist, with frogs
and other furbelows upon vour lather
stained jacket, you will be compelled to
give up a long bit The barber commis
tioners will in all probability be called
upon to arbitrate as to who shall pay the
"short" and who the "lone" bit.
When it comes down to family washing
the greatest pinch is felt. Sheets per
dozen were formerly scheduled at 23 cents*
now they cost 40 cents. Slips and rollers
¦ have been advanced from 25 cents to 30
cents, and napkins and towels from 10
cents to 25 cents.
Now there is a howl all along the wash
line. The laundry proprietors seem to
have the best of the price list so far and
the laborers have got their shorter hours
tnd mot ? < pay - The Proprietors with one
accord claimed that the advance is neces
sary to meet the demands of their heln
and that if the tariff was not increased
fr^il^^H Hi l0St * t!? 0 the P^Hc faSS
f£« *7 * problem of sending out
less washing and doing some at home or
Branding the raise In prices. Other com
plicatfcms may follow, and if another ad
vance is made mi lady's day "at home
will perhaps give way to a "washday at
home and washing circles mav be or-
™ a <2>fJS? *° ad< ? ? new zest and economic
methods to society gatherings
CAIiEDONIANS PHEPABE
FOB, THE ANNUAL GAMES
Several Eastern Athletes Save Al
ready Signified Their Intention
of Competing for Prizes.
The games committee of the Caledonian
Club met in Scottish Hall Friday night
and received encouraging reports as to the
competitors who will be present at the an»
nual games at Shell Mound Park May 30.
Several prominent Eastern athletes have
signified their intention of being present
in \iew of the increased value of the
prizes, especially in events of strength and
skill.
A committee on prizes was appointed,
consisting of First Chieftain A. McNair,
chairman; Chief A. M. Macpherson, F. F:
Finlay, James H. Duncan, J. W. Cameron,
Dr. J. A. J. McDonald, J. A. McLeod, Wil
liam Urquhart, Angus McLeod, William
Mitchell, Charles A. McPhee, James Gorie,
George W. Elder, John Reid, Jerome E.
MacCormac and Allan McKinnon.
All the committees have now been ap
pointed and they are all at work in doing
everything possible to make the first
games of the century a success.
CORONEB'S VEEDICTS
CENSU'RE TWO PEOPLE
Elevator Builders and Mrs. Bora
Fuhrig Axe Blamed for Deaths
of Two Persons.
Coroner Leland held several inquests
yesterday' and verdict were rendered In
the more important cases as follows:
In the case of Emll Thuener, an 18-year
old brickmason. killed on April 11 by be
ing struck, on the head by. an elevator in
unfinished building- at 130 Beale street,
the verdict was "accidental, caused by
negligence of the elevator company."
In the case of Mrs. Mary Marvin, burned
to death at 1411 Folsom street'on April 11,
the verdict was "death caused by a lamp
being thrown from the hands of Maggie
Pfaff." . .
A verdict of murder was brought in
against Mrs. Catherine Coarum for the
death of Watchman Charles Daniels on
Aprii 10 at 1133}£ Clay street.
A simple verdict of accidental death was
returned in the case of William Penrose
Mullins of 443 Eddy street, who was killed
by being run over by a Chinese laundry
wagon.
Two singular and daring robberies have
been committed ln the Park Museum
within the past two days. Showcases
were robbed of their contents ln broad
daylight by thieves who risked detection
by visitors and employes who frequent
the building.
Shortly before 4 o'clock Friday after
noon the Janitor of the museum discov
ered the slide of one of the showcases
open and the contents of the case gone.
Yesterday morning he was startled to find
that the thieves had returned and robbed
two more showcases in the immediate
vicinity of the first one broken into.
Among the specimens taken were mala
chite, pyrite, barite, carnelian and yellow
quartz found on Pescadero beach, mosaic,
milky quartz, striped agate, white fire
opal, Jasper pebble, glassy quartz, blue
turquoise, native copper, pyrope, garnets,
silver and galena ore, imitation emerald,
five imitation amethyst cameos, aquama
rine agate cameo. an\ethyat, onyx cameo,
apple green tourmahne, section of crystal,
tiger eye cameo, gold quartz, crocidolite
and forty Cuban postage stamps. '
Among the exhibits taken from "Wells,
Fargo & Co.'s collection were a small
derringer pistol, a small sawed-off six
shooter, two Colt's revolvers, small
sawed-off pistol and six cartridges carried
by George W. Haggett.
Detectives Harper, Dlnan and Wren
have been detailed on the case.
Police Looking for the Men Who
Boldly Operated in Broad Bay
light With Exasperat
ing Success.
Valuable Specimens and
Curios Are Stolen From
Show Cases.
THIEVES VISIT
PARK MUSEUM
Through Train Service.
Commencing to-morrow (Monday) 1 , the
train of the California Northwestern Rail
road, "connecting - with the boat leaving-
San Francisco, at- 3:30 d. m.. will run
through to Uklah.
"Major" Lewis Is Insane.
The Jury in the case of "Major" Edwin
Lewis/ charged with forgery j In Judge
Lawlor*s •- court, after being out for an
hour and ten minutes yesterday morning
brought -in a verdict of acquittal "on the
ground of insanity. -The Judge ordered
Lewis. Into the- custody of the Sheriff till
a jury could , decide as to his continued
sanity. The jury,- it is understood, on the
first ballot stood eight for conviction.
Lewis was charged with forging a deed to
property belonging; to the Meyer Lewis
estate at Locust and Jackson streets.
John Bond, a Klondike miner, reported
to Captain Seymour yesterday afternoon
that he had been robbed in a tenderloin
saloon of about 104 ounces of gold dust,
valued at between $1400 and $1500, which
he carried In a canvas bag. " .
Bond said that he arrived from Seattla
Friday morning and engaged a room at 12
Turk street. He had some loose coin with
him and the gold dust, which he kept in
a canvas bag attached to his waist belt.
He started out that n.ight to see the
sights. He remembered going Into the
saloon kept by "Spider" Kelly at the cor
ner of Eddy and Mason streets, where he
had several drinks. Ho got friendly with
th'e barkeeper and showed him the bag
of gold dust. The barkeeper advised him
to leave the gold dust with him for safe
keeping, offering to give him a receipt for
It, so. that he could call and get it when
he was sober. ..
"I wanted to be foxy," said Bond, "and
told the barkeeper, that I was from the
Klondike and thought 1 was old enough
to take care of . myself and the canva3
bag.- I had some more drinks in the saloon
and -treated*, some of the men who w*re
standing at the bar, who, I think, over
heard my conversation with the bar
keeper. I must confess that I was very
drunk, but after I srot nome I missed the
gold dust. . I immediately Trent out and
told the first policeman ,-I met that I had
been robbed and he advised me to report
the fact to police headQuarters." - ;
• Bond did not. attach any blame to the
barkeeper, who' wanted to be his friend,
but. he was sure that one of the men with
whom he drank at the bar .robbed him
while pretending to be nis friend. Captain
Seymour detailed Detectives McMahon
and Riordan on the casa.
John Bond Claims He Was
Robbed While Taking ;
in the Sights.
HIS BAG OF GOLD
Jacob f P. Scherer Makes
Careful Preparation for
His Death.
-'•.'• "(r ? ¦ . '
The body of Jacob F. Scherer was found
by Officer Greggains yesterday
morning in the brush on the ocean beach
about 100 yards south of the Olympic Club
pier. A bullet hole in the right temple
and a revolver found lying, on the ground
by the side of the body told the story of
a suicide.
On the body of the dead man was found
the following letter, very neatly, written
.with pen and ink on a letterhead of the
Central Hotel:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 10, 1901.
In case of my death the Journeymen Stone
Cutters' Association of . San Francisco, | nf
whom I am a member in good standing, will
take care* of. my remains. I want my body to
be cremated, the cost to be defrayed from my
death benefit. I and all over and above cost to
be sent to my wife. Mrs. D. X. Scherer, Twen
ty-fourth street and Mensington " avenue, Kan
sas City, Mo. . • Y > '
My life is insured in the Bankers' Life Asso
ciation, of Des Molnes, Iowa, and paid up to
date. -.The Columbian Banking. Company Is
one or their depositories in this city. In order
that my wife .. may get the amount without
unnecessary trouble or delay* I would like for
Mr. M. , McGrath, Mr. Tallmadee, Mr. Reece,
Mr. William Veltch.to send a sworn statement
as to ldentltv. of body to my wife at Kansas
City. . ¦ Hoping- that these my last wishes will
be carried j out, I am, with goodby to all.
• *'i JACOB F. SCHERER. t
On the left hand margin of the letter,
written in lead pencil, was the following:
Remove my body i to the Morgue ahd notify
Mr. M. C. McGrath. proprietor of Central • Ho
tel, 530 Third street, who -will see that, the
Stone Cutters' Association is informed.
The body . was removed ' to the Morgue
and; an inquest will be held.
Before Scherer took his life -he gathered
many of his personal belongings and plac
ing a tag on each left them for his friends.
The tag on the watch was marked as fol
lows : ¦ "Send this old key- winder to my
wife; not for its intrinsic value, but as
something- to : remember me -by."
KILLS HIMSELF
WITH A PISTOL
¦ .Seme progress was made yesterday to
ward forming an. organization in -which
all producing oil companies in the State
will be invited to become members. A
committee appointed at a conference held
Frldav evening at the Palace Hotel met
in the offices of the Monte Cristo Oil Com
pany and proceeded to consider what
could be done. This committee consisted
of the following named representatives of
oil companies: B. F. Brooks, : represent
ing the Senator, Aztec, Chicago Crude,
Central Point, Consolidated and Toltec
companies: Leon Guggenhime, Imperial
Oil Company; Messrs. Jenks and Mauseau,
the Four Oil Company; J. H.- Blood *of the
Sterlin; TV. M. Noxon of the Globe and Eu
clid companies, Messrs.'' Jacobs and Mason
of the Alma. Black 'Jack and "Wolverine:
J. J. Scrivener of the San Joaquin Valley
Oil Company, J. L. .Mitchell of. the Clare
mont and Linda Vista companies,' Isaac
Strassburger of the Kern River, John Ear
ly of the Revenue Oil Company and Henry
Ach of the Monte Cristo Company.' .There
were also present representatives of other,
companies, but not as members of the
committee.
A sub-committee, was appointed to pre
pare details of the plan . of orgaffization
to be submitted. to the general committee
and also contracts ajid agreements ;to be
signed by -all producing companies that
become members of the organization; The
general committee will meet within- a
week. The principal object of the. new.
organization, as explained by -Henry, Ach
and others, is to make it the selling agent
for all the fuel oil producing companies
of the State north and south of Tehachapi.
The association will appoint an executive
committee to fix the price of oinfrom time
to time and to sell the toil, and also to
apportion the sales among the members
of the association.
Henry Ach says that the association will
be in a position to sell oil to all comers.
The reports concerning production have
been exaggerated. In his view of the sit
uation there is inot,any more than. enough
oil now produced to meet the present de
mand, which is rapidly '. increasing and'
will keep pace with - the production, for
oil is now beinsr ' sold largely outside of
the State In Alaska,- Washington, Oregon
and the Hawaiian Islands. .
Marketing Petroleum Claims
Front Place in Their
Discussion.
OIL PRODUCERS
FRAMING PLANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO O ALL, SUNDAY, yAPRIL 14, 1901.
32
It may rain mackintoshes in April, when
the rubber trust makes its second cut.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's,
Hale's.
Waist Silks T5C.. The most important transaction in silks *his season. Hale's again to the FaHCV ' Worsted StlltitigS I63C.
Several hundred yards— fancy, braided : front. After all who's better to do a thing like this than Hale's? Here's an '„ ' • „„*.,-. m i n ri n ~_ two styles and 1C shades. Bought under
reseda, royal^hie°SS? SdoKe at the very height of the season, and not an antiquated stuff, either, not -in ; .. ™ •/ >l-~
Rl L- T 1 P? yd off shade, not a passe pattern, not a bit of it imperfectly .woven— No 1 Dollar FlcUuS 42-.
: .All the Popular Shades Are. Here, ' *!&^&g££tt£J&iS&£%Stt
lsh v 26 inches wide and'Waranteed all silk. \ ( and Not 3 Pattern That's E SbaSOti. Old. I Sa'ffii^to'&I^^^^SSfin-. weir.
Plain and Fancy Silks 59c. Ever read such stirring silk news? 90 _ Cfltin c,,nrem» Skirt Lining l2«!c.
• Fine ranre of colorinessonw striped. The mill men's spring business is over— most of . them are already weav- adllll f _-i,.- wide It has been
h^S[ ln s:-'£SS l t ]^ t f f,A UffS -- eeks^^ we , dispatched the chief of our silk staff East so A^ta. t^Hed f ooe, ,n |^the fancy htgh
the plain silks have embroidered dots and that he d be right on the ground when the wind-up -bargains came— and get Action s? have ilia asidV* the hlghefcolors in this 20c stuff for selling this
squares— fine values indeed, 59c. . the cream. He's back — and on his heels come some unheard-of values. week at 12%c.
The Ribbon Sale Repeated. Another Embroidery Sale.
Supply of Values and Variety as Complete as at First The Last of 'That Big Mill Purchase.
What a week of ribbon selling we've just had— by far the greatest in our history. More than Ribbons and silks and embroideries at half-price! What a wonderful exploiting jL-JPfT?*!*"
a dozen salesladies have been busy making out checks and tying bows (we do one as cheerfully d »se! We're demonstrating to San Francisco what real value-gmng is. As to emDroiacnc* oa
as the other). It's quite a new experience in San Francisco to buy sale to-morrow morning, there are •• .• . -
Solid Color All-Silk Double-Paced Satin Cord-Edge Ribbons, 80,000 Yards— Every Bit of It as Perfect and
' in All Widths and Choicest Coloring, at Half Price! T . , , Ne^ a " d Dainty as Embroideries i Ever. Are.
„ ,. • ... ¦ - - vri«»«^j, »* \ In fact, they are above the average— made by one of the few highest class makers, uux lie mi»-
bterhnj? qualities, staple goods — those every woman wants most and for which she always expects calculated his output. He didn't want to sell his surplus at auction — might hurt his reputation,
to pay full prices. . . - • . So he accepted a sharper loss and let us have it in a "lump." 70,00c yards of the purchase were
Yes, somebody is losing money, but that's not our concern or yours. It was a trade purchase. sold last month in less than a week. The variety is still unbroken. Interest is even stronger, lor
We happened to be handy enough and big enough to swing it. ¦ - we've brought forward three complete lines held in reserve during the first sale.
Eight shades, orange, violet, cardinal, nile green, pink, leaf green, bluette and cream, 7 widths. We've grouped them all in five lots thus:
y n for iy 2 -ir.ch, No. 9, worth regularly //T- for 3-inch, No. 22, worth regularly /r_ for 7c and .10c values. Edgings 1 to VA 1Q n for 16 2-3C to 25c values. Edgings 3 to
* ** . 15c lUL 28c/ utf inches; insertions V 2 to 2V2 inches." ...'vC 8 inches; insertions 1 54 to 5 inches.
10c ior 2 " incll » No.. '12, worth regularly */r_ for 3^-inch, No. 30, worth regularly 7/ ' for 10c to 15c, values. Edgings 2 to 4 IQn for 25c and 30c values. Edgings 3 to ZO
I%J% * 20c. tut, 3: j c / 20 inches; insertions $4 to 3V£ inches. IOC inches; insertions 1 to 3 inches.
10c for 2 / / S-' nc ' 1 » No. 16, worth regularly Qfin ioT 4-i nch » No. 40, worth regularly Q n for 12HC to 16 '2-3C values. Edgings 2 to no^for 30c and 40c values. Edgings 45-a
iuu 22c. > t/0 38c. '. . • «70 6 inches; insertions 1 to 5 inches. 4OC to 10 inches wide.
¦ ; ' j - ; ¦
#a W^J^ Iff U s P reads Uself 1 ih 3 a Wherein we'll sell you fine brand-new with housekeeping HlfffffFull \j^w'^' /ulELTr^ H^L
I i^-^^— -^S? h&m^h^i\ ilk * rec n ha V tr6Cm Euer y- trunks at. an average of helps-nob an article < r " %A\ W WM('''^^ 'I W^: :l ' '''¦'¦>'¦''' f^U
''U^S^&SS^ M^hf^W*k^h thirv * there is new ~ A Third Off. ' of doubtful parent- Mm *'->'' ijl' Ki
ri i h P ' U P - t0 ' V ow , in ' a £ e - Lr ' w Vriczs here i^^^^^^^^^^-^fi ' '<' &7'Y§i *|
a lf/°/ f « Dil ?^f r Se Housewares &t I S!U/^^
A Feature of This April Movement of Housewares. ™ .
April is the economy month for housekeepers. Sharp savings in many I S kJnhThT^ZW*? , standar , ds f . of -value-making a new record in house-
needfuls for the kitchen, the dining-room or the bedroom As to 5inn«r Sets keeping helps that 11 stand as a lasting monument to good goods.
and other crockery. tB£^=» i fi7 We're Lowering Prices but Raisins: the Quality.
Save UnwaVd nf a Third tu u * * i a i a t A n( * you're. quick to recognize and appreciate our efforts. Tremendous seU-
.. o^ im . % . :V , n, ?, "Ira. Three best stylewnd a carload of ing has been going on this last week. We stnrt the second with assortments
A » S7'° 5 r 1M ' pl f c f d l nner sets in -nice Toilet Set' 84.25-ConsIsting of. eleven them. That's why. Getting so many renewed— varieties as full and comolete as at firs* ' • ¦ '
#^IBKliS :H33SS-**?-^ Two-Burner QasltoX;. worth' $2.75, for $1.99.
Tumblers 25c a dozen— In several in three colors; best American semU had to readjust his machines, recut The manufacturer shipped us a double quantity, and only his mistake
ld?e e s S -worth n 40c Iy o fi u n r% h r!ce n eV O do^^^^^^ aT^^L 0^ " — $4 - 23 h »s mdterials for. every half-dozen. makes such a value possible. They are good, heavy, substantial stoves— the
At g |3.03-Tea- ST A^ B pl5^Sfttffif SS^^SSSi J h r'^ OO r h t C aVed hiS PriCC tO w bu ™ e "^^^ steady flame at a very small expense for gas.
enameled I semi-porcelain; 44 pieces in a tions; one of then Swn in ISove ?%&; gC \ ,?. e Hale • Wash Basins-Save 7c. Babbitt's Laundry Soap.
very pretty flowered decoration $3.95 worth $18 50 per set. Our price $15.50 All for your profit— Enameled— and good enamel war© too - This April sale brings you 6 bars tor^JSa
i ; — — - $4.50 ancT^Jrunks SS^'iM?^.!^..^...^.^^"jaT.S > ffi^; «««
foulards I ENTHUSIASTIC VALUES IN for $3.87. Berlin Kettics-Save 20c. *?» u^, a "yJ° r 3c: save a cent on W8 2
DIMITIES ..''¦-' ww*» - ¦ 10 of them, canvas covered .'iron bound. Enameled, hold 4 quarts; sell regularly wZJL* ¦ h f , '"""X V«"*
LAWNS £^**.4-4-*^++ \l^^t. /~t Jt ~ iron bottom, with tray, hrass lock, for 49c. but this sale for ..23c d Buckets— Save 6c.
PFPriiFQ wOLtOfl Wfl^fl lirbrfcrSQ hard-wood cleats, all sizes 28 to 36, rni\U P«n« «5« v^ ci~ ¦ Full size and well made: regular price 20c;
PERCALES \ ttVil TT (t^ll VJUUUdi regular|J4.50 to J5.00 trunks. milK Fans-*»ave 9c. sale price 14c
What beauty there is in printed cottons— here. And the warm spell has $10 Trunks for $7.25.: marked down for thiTsal/^"^.. 2^ JKS <l ?? r s^on^^re and hardwoofl
brought many admirers to. see them. The choosing. is broad and rare— and 38 of them, 34 inch size./canvaa cov- Soup Pots— Save 22c. frames; fit any average window; thH
the pnees, they are the biggest surprise of all. % . ered, heavy brass lock, steel riv- Enameled; straight sides with handles- 2i- sale • r4c
„ . . . . © I, j », . . ' ets iron bottom, 2, trays linen- quart size; we sell them usually for S9e. Feather Dusters 25c.
Printed Lawns, 8c Yard. Yard-Wide Percales, I2j£c Yard. ioid f jiom 77 ' ap3> regularly but this sale for 67c 14 inches long; full. •:
In light and dark grounds, pretty striped . tom . hard-wood cleats, two leather Made of the best lmno j s corn . ,,_ ht ioine this sa?^f^r USUlUly Bell 1 2*
.Et£ttf£££ 7*1"™ t,a t . $2 Lather Satchels >^^^^^MM H™' JlJ " t S?
They are 30 inches wide and in 25 attrac- . whole column might be written in their $1.55. wuoany s wastiing Kowder l^c. eale for Me
tive patterns from which to choose.' behalf. Prices must eufflce— 10c, 12%c, Dt \^erenulne congress, steel frame, ,X e fii + °o S^ 1 a d ,f a v kafi:es + tha f/, we * USU v, 1 " Flour Sifters 8c.
Stripes seem to lead In favor, although 20c and 25c a yard. ' linen lined, brass trimmed, inside ly sell at 3c have been set aside for this e 1nn . lo
a goodly showing of figured designs are pocket— only 17 of them— 14-inch saIe at Clothes Fins 1OU TOP 12c.
on pink, light blue, lavender, navy blue, Noveltv Fnnlirrfc sIze ' usu a-lly sell at $2.00. - r •
biack and white grounds. 2 5c, 35c, 4o£S£ Yard. $3.25 Animator Bags Curtains and Draoeries
New Covert Cloth, I6^C Yard. Light and dark colored grounds. Pat- for $2.39. ' ' W -+ U * ' I M ' +> * ffil- V r \ .
The lace stripe and cprded effects. Noth- terns are exact copies of foulard silks. Of genuine alligator, horn center. With bpeCial iYletitlOti OT Nottl rUjnaiTI CllftainS.
ing better for an outing suit. The finish gives the, appearance. leather »ned. leather covered $1.50 a Pair-Nottingham Lace Curtail made curtains, and without question the
; '. ' SSSTWSSiiy'^Srtli SSSo^SST r* 0 ™ ¦"? W " te T 300 J^i rS ' 3% yardS moderate-priced curtains
. . size. long and 50 to 60 Inches wide— some very - maae -
H<lf Y>i\ #»O CCinr* MdmVi««in/v H/imU — : new and choice patterns among them— 6 9 C J* er J i^ ar 4~ F1 5 ure^ Art v VelonTa ~X
nairaressing manicuring Pep t.,- ••-,• % ¦ wra ,^v t T*-,rr? Mii 5 1 ?2T iid KSsffSia r ffi-£?Si£ ro jssffi
I A SALE OF I We have reduced.prices on our switches for this week • " .ISJS^ST "* *"**- ?£g- SZSZrFffi SS^S
SWITCHES. only. They are all of the finest quality, short stem, rr* .- $3.75 and S4.00 a Palr-Novelty-weave niture coverings.
« 1 .trench and German hair, in ordinary shades. 1 OOtll Lace Curtains/ 72 pairs, 3% yards long 12 l-2c Per Yard— Figured Art Denims
is it, TTr.«r,^», v o i. „.„ ,, «n „ „„ <» * on. oa. 't^_- 'i_ . by 50 ' ' inches wide — ecru or white— a —34 inches wide, ln a splendid variety of
18-ln. French hair, were $2.00, now.81.8O 20-in. French hair, were $2.50, now. 82.25 D M «« ~ Vm * ~ Q splendid Imitation of Battenberg work patterns, suitable lor wall decorations
18-In. German hair, were 51.50, now.851. 35 20-in. German hair were $1.75, now.Sl K7 r*PUSrlcS cSC ln borders and insertions, producing a curtains. " couch coverings, etc.: per
' • - ' - ¦ • ¦ 22-in French Hair ™» •*«~'«*v^ v/w* very close imitation of the real hand- : yard, 12%c.
Z~^: — "^t "\ * 3T «° REGULARLY 15c or 25c eoc and jg Each o^ _: . _
_^r j— _ w fffRFf **7Brf '• ' 22-in German haJr wpr^ -n*- ¦ •* A.n xicKiriK j.a.oie v^ov- - • _^ _ , .
flrtSj£&/^^W/ /m/ (&i $3.50, now $3.15 More than 2000 of them — French ers, 4x4 size, with neat /gff Jg&f *5W/
/M/ — $5 00, now S4.BO W \Ve b^ught^hem' so that we can [him 1^ bhfe g^een^nd M/ J^*CZT~'
m^^J^^ S^ GOOD^^ ¦ r We also carry a full give them to you at.1-3 and % of S5r"Sto- ~^^
.,.. line of rare shades. heir worth-Sc. e^cSly 22 of them GOOD%^^
Furniture J
with woven wire mattress, an easy >1 ' * L^SS-JL-^^
bed to handle, as low as $9t75 «,
ggg^*^ T ake Baby out into Leather Couches 1
vv the sunshine It 'II * . [3
j a Folding Go-cart that^ j^y^^^- i -*-tY^xs*^i^^^&^^ n
j-5* you can carry on the W
[a the park. It is good that Leather Couches are J
>!fTm^^y HrfS Ll 2 ht and r 'S ht . any time or place, they last so 1
/C\ iPvA! Sfc-*-»v stron S-Rub long. Ours run in price up "to $65. 5
i /r--\*<l35^-«*yi'rjiP^Hk bertireson Enough of comfort and looks in $25 j
H xrJrJ\Zj >S metal to ? 4 ° ones t0 satisfy most people. 1
P V/vy^SlS"^' whecls This deep front, graceful one $27.00 |
R P*i?-C d 7£ Couches in velour, corderoy, denim ]
h T^ijy *pJ»i*J a"" muslin as low as $5.50 1
1 We'll tell you about it: I
fj When patterns or lines ln our Drapery Department are broken we sell them R
I for what they will bring. That's the way our stock Is kept always fresh: §
I We've got a lot of Curtains,
I from two to ten pair lots In Battenberg Arabian and Brussels effects; I •
I pairs that Bold for 3.00— | .75 pairs that sold for 3.75— -;2. 50 ' I
I pair* that sold for'3. 00— 2.OO pairs that sold for 4.00 2.*5O I
I pars that sold for 3.75-,2. 75 pai" that sold for 4.50— 2." 75 I
I pain that sold for 4.25—2. 75 pairs that sold for 5.00—3] 50 I
H "The Credit House." Six Stories High. : -\ > "i B
I 233-235-237 ,^p7\l Goods IWaHfJj.. PI • t. M Telephone \i
B p . Cf if AU, W»_"3 .}|ff»y a in Pfaw Tt<ott*^0 Private Exchanee H
I ..MONEY-SAVING SALE. 1
I "THE
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
I ¦ -m ¦ I23O-1232-1234 MARKET ST., I
B Will Offer Tb-Morrow and Following Days This Week M
'& . . MOST STYLISH GARMENTS ||
I. ..MONEY-SAVING PRICES... §
|a ¦ elty Suits, masterpieces 1^ 1
l'«i.«>KflA *~ »™ f. -- °* Wsfc srade tailoring;
B value yja.00 to $90.00. Money-saving price ..' S*"O OA
l,reSr% T r^^^
I $12.50
L»^^f8^ffi^^&^g?-.!^!t ™~t cut. Perfect ha^,: |
• — < ... . .^ MflanafuwaaQfAUK&l