PRIC E I FIVE CENTS.
SAN,; FRANCISCO,- MONDAY, AUGUST 126, 1901. I
VOLUME XC-NO. 87.
FIVE CHIEF OFFICERS OF THE GRAND ENCAMPMENT OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAR WHO WILL PARTICIPATE
. IN THE TRIENNIAL CONCLAVE IN LOUISVILLE. AND WHO TOOK PART IN THE. IMPRESSIVE RELI
GIOUS CEREMONIES CONDUCTED YESTERDAY BY. THE VISITING SIR KNIGHTS IN THAT CITY.
¦'-.". BIEMINGHAM, Ala., Aug.
25.— A private; telegram ''from
Charlbttesyille, Va., announces
the death of Miss Maude Cole
man Woods in that city. Miss
Woods was .pronounced the
most ; beautiful /woman ' in
America by < a' committee from
the Pan-American -Exposition)
and ; her profile adorns all
medals issued by the board of
awards."-'. :' : '-J. :}''¦¦¦¦ '?"- ':'¦>'¦'. ¦¦ '' -
DEATH SUMMONS
AMERICA'S MOST
FAMOUS BEAUTY
EOW TO PREVENT LYNCHING.
PARIS,', Aug. ¦ 23.— The. sugar bounties
having ., occasioned a deficit of 14.000,000
francs, the Minister of Finance has issued
a . decree reducing them by 55 per etnt,
with a view of covering the deficit.
Sugar Bounties Cause a Deficit.
Bev. T. Brown's Advice to His
Colored Brethren.
The Rev. *T. Brown, pastor of the
African Methodist Episcopal Zion
Church, took as the subject of his ser
inon last night "X Plea! for the Protec-
LONDON. Aug. 26.— Lord. Strathcona
and "Mountroyal. the Dally Chronicle be
lieves, will be appointed successor to the
late . Lord Hereschell as head of the dele
gation, representing . British Interests In
the Joint High Commission.
Lord HereschelTs Successor.
MACON. Ga., Aug. 25.— It is. possible
that Henry Stewart, a negro hackman of
this city, has been lynched. Stewart, it is
ezid. went into one of the suburbs and
offered an insult to a young white wo
man. Some of the men In the neighbor
hood got after him and it Is said they
were seen at a. late hour to-night, ¦with
the negro bound, going in the direction of
the swamps.
Negro Probably Lynched.
"Young men," he said, "stop trying: to
pay for dance. halls and saloons. Invest
your I time and money in night schools
and you'll give the colored race a stand
ing which will , uv Itself . be the greatest
protection that I can suggest ct you con
trive." .'.-.' ":*.. •:'-': '¦:-,¦' '.'-Wr^H
CHICAGO, Aug. 25.— Kirk B. Armour,
head of the extensive Armour enter
prises In Kansas City, and who was re
cently stricken with a critical illness at
Watkins Glen, N. Y., passed through
Chicago to-day, en route to his Kansas
City home. He was In a private car and
was attended by a physician and trained
nurses. Dr. Griffith stated that Armour
was resting comfortably.
tlon of the American Negro From the
Disgrace of the Stake." "What the con
gregation lacked in numbers the pastor
made up In earnestness. The future of
the negro in America lay, with the negTo,
he said. He advised them- to stand to
gether, as their surest protection lay in
the strength this unity would give them.
He exhorted his people to get education,
to fit themselves by study to take an
honorable place in the world and above
all he laid stress on the necessity for the
development of character. -He advised
the girls "to leave, their heels alone and
give • their heads a chance" 'and sug
gested that if they would properly equip
themselves the country, was full of op
portunities whereby they could better
their condition in life and gain for their
race the respect to which it was en
titled. " . ¦
Armour's Condition Improved.
Mayor Hicks of this "city ha3 started a
relief fund, and has already" sent' a small
sum of money ts Laredo to be used in
buying food for the sufferers. Relief work
will be. continued here. Nothing has been
heard here from the War; Department In
answer ¦ to a request for rations sent by
Congressman Kleberg.
SAN ANTONIO Texas, Aug.
ports to-day from Zapata County
confirm the news that the poorer classes
there are facing starvation. They - must
have Immediate help in the way of food,
or the results will be terrible. Range
water has failed and cattle are too weak
tof travel and are dying rapidly.' The
country is literally burned up by drought.
There Is not a green thing to be seen ex
cept cactus plants. Zapata County Is
fifty miles from the nearest railroad and
whatever In the way of food is sent to the
farmers in the famine-3tricken place must
be hauled from Laredo, a two days' trip
at best. . ¦¦¦•"¦ • »• - • I
Steps Taken to Give Immediate Re
lief to the People of Za
pata CJounty.
STARVATION THREATENS
MANY POOR FAMILIES
*j Several days after Mrs. Lyons reached
New York and while' she was atthedock
she saw J. the * steamer on • which : she had
returned pulling s into the stream for the
return trip : and on ~ board was her hus
band. It was too late for him to re
turn, and she. was- unable' to join "him.
There remained, nothing for, her to do but
to ; return ,to Tacoma and Walt her hus
band.'. ; He" has cabled 'that he -will start
back very .soon./ - - . :
TACOMA. Aug. 25.— Mrs. J. F. Lyons
of Tacoma' returned from Scotland this
week after- an aggravating experience.
As : the S time approached . for j her j return
she resolved as a surprise to return a
few weeks in r advance of ; the time . her
husband -was- expecting her. " At the
same^tlme Mr. .Lyons .-: resolved to go to
Scotland ' to meet ¦ his wife as a' surprise
to her. • . ' : '''^''< ; 'i • "¦ ' ¦'. ¦
Husband ' Misses " Wife and .Wife
; Misses Husband While Seeking
. r Early Reunion. _ ; ; . .
PLANS FOR A SURPRISE
• PREVENT " TKEIE MEETING
Evans .had been entertaining Senators
Fairbanks of Indiana, Quarles of Wiscon
sin and Clapp of Minnesota the past week,
and in a runaway accident eight days ago.
Senator Fairbanks and Evans 'were badly
bruised and shaken. .•
His wife died four months ago and.it is
believed by his closest friends that this
loss hastened his death?" , .'.:..
Evans was 47 years of age. [ He was a
prominent candidate last winter Ito suc
ceed Senator C. K. Davis In , the United
States Senate, and -his physician believe?
that- his death was due more than any
thing, else to overwork in that campaign.
' MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 25.^-Robert G.
Evans, United States District Attorney
for Minnesota, died suddenly to-day from
heart disease, on the balcony of his hema
on Queen avenue, Kenwood. He had bt,en
apparently In the best of health.. . . ;"
Physicians .Believe That His Life
Wis Shortened ! by Overwork in
: a Senatorial Campaign., ...
DEATH SUDDENLY CLAIMS *
' A PROMINENT ATTORNEY
Then she realized that her voice had re
turned, and from sheer happiness over
this she sat down In the dentist's chair
once more and had him extract the oth
ers. She can now [ talk as. well as ever.
"You mean man," she exclaimed. "I'll
never have another tooth pulled If they
kill me."
Last Wednesday Mrs. Ferris, accom
panied by a friend, came to this place to
have some teeth extracted. The first one
was removed without any episode, but
when the second one came out Mrs. Fer
ris could stand it no loneer.
BATH, N. Y., Aug. 25.— Mrs. George
Ferris, who lives on the old Ferris place
at Harrisburg Hollow, near here, rejoices
In the restoration of her voice, which left
her In a peculiar manner some time ago.
A dinner horn that was hung on a. peg In
the kitchen of the Ferris home for years
became mute twelve months ago and Mrs.
Ferris had to use her voice to summon
the help to meals'. As the place Is a large
one, she was forced to strain her voice
to do it. and one day early In May she
called so loudly that something In her
throat gave way and her voice sank to a
whisper and then disappeared altogether.
Shock Accompanying Loss of a Molar
Restores Speech to a Bath
. (N. Y.) Woman. '
BZGAINS VOICE WHEN
HER TOOTH IS PULLED
friendship between Germany and Turkey
— it is felt In London, despite considerable
satisfaction over the outcome, that there
Is '"" a - grave doubt as to whether France
has achieved more 'than a paper victory. „¦
The British theory Is that M. Constans
really wished to force Turkey to purchase
quays, which are notoriously unremunera-
The' Sultan has avoided 'this,' thus
securing the practical results, while- giv
ing to M. Constans the empty congratula
tion. '' "-: • • '
Methodist Church, where' the .services
were held at 3 o'clock... The column was"
led . by the Templars of De Molay and
Louisville commanderies of thls'clty and
the entire body formed an escort for the
grand master of the Grand Encampment,
Reuben H. Lloyd, 'and the ' other / grand
officers. : v ' ' - - . '•'
The ground floor of the church was. re
served for Knights Templars in :full.uni
form. The gTound .floor, of the Sunday
school room was reserved for ladies "of
visiting Knights and for Knights In uni
form accompanied by laldes. r - ¦- ' :¦ ' '
The form of service had been, prepared
by Sir Knight^. the Right Rev^ Thomas
U. Dudley, Episcopal Bishop of;- Ken
tucky. With a few changes it - was ; trie
form of worship used by the Grand Com—
mandrfry of Kentucky. . The services open
ed with a special musical programme. "At
the opening of the anthem" the Knights
arose and stood while it was being sung
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Aug. 25.—Com
manderies of • Knights Templar poured
into Louisville to-day and .to-night from
the four corners of the United Stales. The
city Is rapidly filling with Its • plumed
guests, although the triennial conclave
proper does not begin until the grand pa
tade starts Tuesday, morning.
; Imposing religious exercises were held
this afternoon. and this was the only for-_
mal event to-day. At 1 o'clock the Knights
assembled at their various commanderies
and at 2 o'clock marched "to, • the Gait
House, where the .general formation, was
made for the march to the .^Broadway
Methodist Church.
Knights Hold Services, in a Louisville
IMPOSING RELIGIOUS RITES.
Moore, Drill j Corps Commandant William
Edwards, ; ex-Commander Robert McMil
lan and Captain General R.,B. Campbell.'
'BOSTON, Aug. 25.— To swim from Bos
ton Ito New .York is the feat" that • Peter
McNally .'.will atempt, making the - start
next Sunday, the "entire distance \ to be
"covered' within thirty-days.' ':':
: ¦ - - . ...
WELL ATTEMPT SWIJI> FBOMs
BOSTON : TO NEW YORK
• LONDON, /Aug. 26.— The "report issued
by. the Admiralty .¦regarding the boiler
.testing race between the British cruiser
Hyaclnthe, fitted -¦¦ with -water I tube j boil
ers, .: and, , the' cruiser. Minerva, having
'cylindrical, f or Scotch boilers, la ' the
theme ' of < extensive comment. It Is-gen
erally, .'admitted^ that' the contest, was riot
under -conditions that would enable the
formation, of a« decisive opinion. : Con
siderable'doubt is again thrown upon the
speed' superiority of- the tube boiler. It is
urged that even If the superiority of .this
boiler should be established, the delicacy
of the. mechanism accompanying -the
Belleville creates a' liability to -' serious
derangement.- ¦ ; - - - ....
: , On .the whole the'. press considers that
the Admiralty, was- ¦overhasty' In adopt
ing .the Belleville boiler .-without 'further
experiments of an < exhaustive character.
it, Is Generally Admitted That a De
. y:\cisiye Opinion Cannot Be Formed
From the Contest. ' .-,.', ':.*.
BOILER TESTING RACE
• CAUSES PRESS COMMENT
and while Grand Prelate J. C. W. Coxe of
the Washington (Iowa) Commandery de
livered the ritual exhortation. This was
followed by prayers, the "Gloria" and
"Te Deum Laudamus," and the reading
of Bible passages.
The most striking part of , the ¦ service
then came, when the grand prelate deliv
ered the faith of the Knights; who,. with
swords uplifted, recited with him , the
Apostles' Creed. After the t coronation
hymn Grand Prelate Coxe delivered his
sermon, his text being "What Think Ye
of Chirst?" . • . •¦ - :
After the taking of a collection, . to be
delivered to the almoners of the Louis
ville commanderies for distribution to the
poor, the hymn, "St.' Hilda," was sung,
and after, prayers'the service closed with
the benediction. * ' .'
To 7 morrow wlil be taken up with the re
ception and escorting" to ,,their quarters
of .arriving commanderies. From S p. m.
.to 12 p. m"." the Grand Commandery and
the subordinate commanderies of Ken
tucky will hold a reception at Kentucky
headquarters at the custom-house in hon
or of the officers- and -members— of— the
Grand -Encampment and their, ladies.. . .
• ,Hon..-W." C. P. Breckenrldge of Lexlng
.ton, Ky.\ will deliver Kentucky's welcome
to • the Knights Templar at' the opening
."meeting of "the Grand ' -Encampment on
Tuesday, afternoon. '¦, ' .'.',"
Honolulu Commandery No.' 1 of Hono
lulu, H..T., is represented at. the Triennial
Conclave by Grand Commander Archibald
F. Gilflllan, Past Grand Confmander H. H.
Williams and Standard Bearer B. T. King.
These Knights , have' traveled -more, than
.4000 miles for. the purpose of attending the
grand.: encampment : in Louisville. Their
commandery was organized in 1S70, "and
now boasts sixty-six members, twelve 'of
whom' are natives. Mr. Gilfillan is a mem
ber of the Hawaiian Legislature. ¦ -
Special Bearing the Califojrhians Arrives in St. Louis
After a fecbrd=Bre^
"• T. LOUIS, Aug. 25.— Golden Gate
i (CL Commandery, Templar,
¦^j) of San Francisco, will, go Into
Louisville to-morrow noon £ in
style. The city's finest band will
meet the special train at. North Vernon,
Ind., to-morrow morning- and there don
the habiliments of the California Com
rnandery.. This band. will be on. hand dur
ing the conclave, al the exclusive service
of the San Franciscans.
I Sir 'Knight 'Theodore Reichert. who
went to Louisville in advance,' wired to
night that the. California . .Commandery
would meet Golden Gate Commandery at
the depot 'and escort it to the Gait Houbc,
where both are- quartered. The weather
at the conclave " city is reported to bo
cool.
- The Golden Gate special arrived at St.
Joseph at noon after a. .run through Ne
braska. An hour -was spent In seeing- the
town this afternoon. The Burlington
crew put the train through In fast time,
through the beautiful- rural, region -.of
Northern Missouri. At; times a speed 'of
sixty-eight miles an hour was maintained.
Hannibal was reached on time? at- S
o'clock, a'nd the way then led down the.
west bank of the Mississippi to St. Louis.
Here the train goes on to the Baltimore
and Ohio Southwestern tracks for Louis
ville. Peter Harvey has come all the way
from San Francisco to see that the special
and Its passengers go safely over the
Baltimore and Ohio. .
Colonel W. D. Sanborn of the Burling
ton route, who is in charge of the special,
hag won praise for getting the train
through exactly on schedule time from
Oakland to its destination. ,
Eminent Commander J. C. Long of Los
Angeles. Commandery No. 9 gave a ban
quet this evening In trie dining "car to
Grand Commander McKee, Grand Secre
tary Davles, Acting : Commander R. B."
HOW THE, STJXTAN , WAS
..BROUGHT TO TERMS
Ultimatum From the French Embas
sador That Brought Quick Re
sponse by; Turkey." • ¦ .
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug., 25.— M. .Con
stans, the • French Embassador, " sent, a
note to the Porte last ; Thursday to the
effect that he would leave Constantinople
on August 26 unless the French claims
were settled. Thereupon Tewfik Pasha,
the Turkish Minister of Foreign Affairs,;
called at the French Embassy and In
formed M. Constans that the Porte had
abandoned the idea of purchasing the
quays, I first, because convinced that_the
purchase would be a bad speculation for
Turkey, and second, on ' account of . the
financial 'difficulty Involved, as the Otto
man Government had no hope that the
Paris market would take up a loan to
cover the purchase.,,
¦ M. Constans then' gave the Ottoman
Government- until Monday (to-morrow)
to Issue an irade granting the quays com
pany full rights and indemnity for : the
two years during which the company had
been deprived of .these; rights. ¦ ':
A LONDON, | Aug. 26. — Although ; the
French papers hah Turkey's yielding. as a*
"great triumph for France— more especially
as'-it was largely' believed that the Sul
tan's .obduracy was due to the supposed
Mr. Williams is a farmer, well to do,
and* one of the most prominent residents
of his section of Franklin County. The
dead woman was a member of one of the
oldest families In the country.
. Lying on the floor of the family
room, Charles Williams found his
wife on Friday afternoon when he
returned from marketing his wheat in
the little town of Maxwell. A bullet had
gone through her head, life was extinct
and her two baby children were crying
alone In their grief and fear. The oldest
boy, aged 5, told what had occurred. The
young mother had been shot and killed by
Henry Noles, a negro hand on the Wil
liams' place. As the mortally wounded
woman sank to the floor Noles shot at
the boy. the bullet grazing the child's
head. Then he fled to the woods. The mo
tive. It is believed, was robbery, and $20
was obtained by the assailant.
Crime of Mob's Victim.
At 1:40 o'clock a match was applied and
instantly the quivering body was en
veloped In flames. Fence rails were plied
about the burning body and soon life was
extinct. The negro made no outcry at
any time and died as stolidly as a stoic.
There •were no disorderly scenes about
the burning body. At least 6000 per
eons witnessed the horrible fate of the
negro. Many remained until nightfall,
augmenting the blaze until the body was
entirely consumed. Then they departed
for their homes quietly.
He finished his statement at 1:35 o'clock.
He was taken from the stump, carried to
a tree near by. bound to the tree by
chains and oil was poured upon his body.
Meets Death Stoically.
He was then asked as to whether any
one else was Implicated in the crime.
Noles said emphatically that no one was
implicated but himself.
"Why did you kill Mrs. Williams?" he
¦was asked. .
"I just done that because I had noth
ing else to do."
"Tell all my sisters and brothers to
meet me in glory- I am going to make
that my home. Tell my mother to meet
me where parting will be no more."
The mcb was orderly, but determined.
It seemed that the whole population ' for
miles around had turned out to see the
fate of. the wretch. A procession three
miles in length -followed the mob to the
Williams home. Arriving at a point In
sight of the scene of the crime the negro
¦was placed upon a stump and given a
chance to make a statement. He mounted
the 6tump stolidly and. laughed as he be
gan his statement. He said:
No sooner had these appeals been made
than several hundred citizens from the
neighborhood where the crime was com
mitted augmented the crowd to thou
sands. They fwpt forward, upon the jail,
overpowered the Sheriff and his deputies^
took the prisoner and started- for . the
scene of the crime, twelve miles distant,
at 10:15 o'clock.
Mob Overpowers the Sheriff.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.. Aug. 25.—
Henry Noles, the negro who assaulted
and shot to death Mrs*. Charles Williams,
•wife of a prominent farmer near Win
chester. Tenn., last Friday, was captured
early this morning at a water tank near
Coan, Tenn. He was taken to Winches
ter by his captors and placed In the
County JalL Sheriff Stewart made haste
.to try to barricade the Jail and protect
the prisoner. Soon a mob of several hun
dred men gathered about Assistant At
'torney General M- X. Whittaker, who ap
peared and made a speech to the crowd.
He appealed to it to assist him In allay
ing excitement and upholding the majesty
of the law. He promised to reconvene the
Grand Jury to-morrow to promptly indict
the negro and have him speedily tried at
the present term of court, assuring the
crowd that* his conviction and legal exe
cution were a foregone conclusion. This
appeal was supplemented by Judge
Lynch. Captain Tolley. J. M. Llttelton
and others.
Special rfepatch to The Call.
•Mr. Harahan denied - that the Illinois
Central would establish a line of steam
ers f rcm New Orleans to South American
ports. He said that' the steamship lines
already connecting South Atlantic States
with South America had proved them
selves thoroughly capable of handling the
trade between New Orleans and ports in
South America. •
"I succeeded in completing this arrange
ment by guaranteeing the Radcliffe peo
ple rates on trade, between New' Orleans
and Rotterdam which are satisfactory.
This new traffic deal will aid greatly In
establishing direct trade with Europe for
the cotton ' shippers of the Central South.
New Orleans being a great cotton center,
it has always been' the hopeTof the ship
pers there to" secure- traffic arrangements
between the railroads and some. line of
steamers direct to Europe."
"I will not be president of the Southern
Pacific Railway. The position has not
been offered to me. I am , comfortably
situated as it is and am 'not seeking on
my own part such offices. I have been
abroad a month and a half 'partly on
business and partly on pleasure. It is my
custom to spend the summer or as much
of it as possible abroad. This year I
wanted to complete the working arrange
ment between the Illinois Central and the
Radcliffe line of steamers between New
Orleans and Rotterdam.
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— P. Harahan.
vice president of the Illinois Central, who
returned from a trip to Europe on the
St. Paul on Saturday, denied to-night
that he would become president of the
Southern Pacific. Mr. Harahan was seen
at the Waldorf-Astoria by The Call cor
respondent and said:
Special Diepatch to The Call.
"While it is believed that some Nlcara
guans have been participating in guer
rilla operations on .the isthmus, It Is not
now believed here that they are supported
by the. Nlcaraguan Government, the latest
information received at the various lega
tions seeming to Indicate that the Niea
raguan Government. Is holding aloof. Nica
ragua Is evidently afraid "of becoming in
volved, with, the United States and docs
not propose to allow Castro] to use her to
pull his chestnuts out of the fire.
The arrival of the Machlas at Colon to
morrow-will put this- Government- in a
position to speak- with', authority In re
gard to the Isthmian situation and- it is
believed that her mere presence, with the
knowledge that the battleship Iowa- and
the gunboat Ranger are rapidly nearlng
Panama, will be all' that will be necessary.
As long as this line : is': not closely de
fined President Castro and all others wlil
be disposed to move slowly, as they can
not know- what step may. bring them face
to face with the United State3..
If peace is' maintained it will be largely
due to the influence of the' United States.
The strength of the position of this coun
try lies largely in the fact that the admin
istration has not given a hard and fast
definition of the policy, which it will pur-
Vue under the treaty of 1846, , by which It
is bound to maintain the sovereignty of
Colombia over the Isthmus of- Panama.?
'Thle'^Governmenta; of ': Venezuela, Nicara
gua,. Ecuador, and of those European na
'tloris' which: aro,^l«oklng^anxiously' for an
opportunity to meddle ¦in South' and, v Cex£
tfal^American affaifs'kli, know, that; the
Government at Washington is. keeping a
close watch on the situation and that
there Is a line somewhere that cannot be
crossed without bringing ' from Washing
ton a- vigorous -command to halt, -backed
up. if need be. by the'entire power of the.
United States, i • , - * • -
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
.CALL. BUREAU. 1406. G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.—Informa
tion \ received , in Washington indicates
that President Castro hesitates to plunge
his country into a war with .Colombia, the
'outcome of 'which no one can see. It. Is
believed here that there has been a slight
'Improvement in the South American situ
ation within the past few days, and It Is
hoped that war .between Colombia and
her' neighbors may be averted. There is
reason to' believe that ' President Castro
has been much disappointed in his expect
ations of support from -Nicaragua and
Ecuador and that he will pause before
taking a step In which he would not have
the united support of Venezuela- and In
which he -might, encounter the opposition
of the United States.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Aug. . 25.— The arrest
here -yesterday of William M. Koey, cus
toms collector at Nogales, and that at
Tucson of B. F. Josey. Chinese Inspector,
charged with implication In the schema
for' smuggling Chinese from Mexico into
the United States, continues to eyeate a
tremendous sensation. For ; a long time
it has been known that secret service men
under orders of the Treasury Department
were Investigating wholesale smuggling
of Orientals, but Hoey and Josey appar
ently have been the most active In the
efforts to slop the practice. It is charged
that they had an arrangement with sev
eral Chinee to let contraband Celestials
come over the border at a rate rangmj?
from $50 to $500 each. The highest price
was paid fcr girls, who were provided for
sale to wealthy Chinese. Several girls had
been captured recently, but It Is believed
that hundreds of them have been 3ecretly
fcrought in. • - .
Recently, as a means of decreasing the
Influx of Chinese from Mexico, the depart
l.ient has refused to allow Chinese bound
for 1 that country to land at San Fran
cisco and other ports and go overland* to
Mexico* unles's absolutely satisfied that
they intended to remain In Mexico. None
of those who passed through the United
States In transit to Mexico stopped off
before crossing the border. The railroads
carrying \ them were compelled to give
bend, and In consequence every train
carrying Chinese . to Mexico carried
guards, and the Chinese were always de
livered on the Mexican side of the fron
tier. Most- of. them speedily got hack Into
the United States, however.
It Is hoped by Treasury officials that the
unearthing of this conspiracy will pat a
stop to most of the smuggling of Chinese
across the Mexican border which has been
going: on for several years. . The depart
mejit. : ,has, knpwii, that Chinese were get
ting across, but it was not supposed that
the ..very men relied upon to keep them
out were helping them to come'lnV- It was
supposed that. they eluded; the officials
along the long, and thinly settled frontier.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.. N.
W., WASHINGTON. Ausr. 23.— Further
arrests on account of the smuggling of
Chinese across the Mexican 'border are
expected to be made to-morrow. Secret
service officers who are at work on the
case report that they expect to have evi
dence sufficient to justify the arrest of
several more officers of the Chinese In
spection service, but the Treasury Depart
ment will not give the names of the sus
pected officers • In advance of the arrests
being made. In the case of at least" one
high' official, secret service men report
that they are fully satisfied that he Is
Implicated, \ but they have not yet
obtained evidence that would justify them
in making his arrest. The conspiracy In
volved men not only along the Mexican
border but also along the line of railway
from Nogales clear Into California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Says He Is Comfortably Situated
Where He Is and Is Not Going
Out of His Way to Seek
Another Position.
'Dying Wretch "Utters No Outcry as
the names Kise About Him
and He Writhes in
Awful Torture.
Government Will Act Promptly
:... . on the Arrival of Its Fleet of
- . , Warships ' at the
Isthmus.
Hopes to Break Up Gang That Has
- ; for. Years Been Smuggling Ori- j
en tals Across the Mexican
* Boundary. ,'" '.
Throw Oil Upon Their Vic
tim Before Applying
the Match. '
Government ; . Has Evidence
Implicating Men in High
Station.
Fear That the United States
Would at .Once Command
. a Halt.
Hat Not Been Offered Post
as Head of the Southern
Pacific
Tennesseeans Avenge
the Murder of a
Woman.
Further Arrests of Chi
nese Inspectors to
Be Made. %
Vice President of Illinois
Central Denies Ru
mors.
The Repub
. lies Afraid to Open
Hostilities.
MOB BURNS
A NEGRO AT
THE STAKE
HAYS' PLACE
WILL NOT GO
TO HARAHAN
CONSPIRACY
OF OFFICIALS
WIDESPREAD
INFLUENCE
OF AMERICA
AVERTS WAR
LOUISVILLE SENDS THE FINEST OF HER BANDS AS ESCORT
FOR THE SIR KNIGHTS OF THE GOLDEN GATE COMMANDERY
The San Francisco Call.DIVINES WHOSE NAMES WERE
PROMINENT IN ST . PATRICK'S
CHURCH JUBILEE CELEBRATIOX
. . PORTLAND, Or., • 'Aug.- 2S:-David
Simon father of United States Senator
Joseph Simon,- died to-day of old asre
He. was in his eighty-second year
David Simon.
CANAL DOVER. Ohio, Aug. 25.—An
other effort was'made to-day by the trust
to bring non-union men to this city to
start the mills. A report reached the
strikers that men. who had ben
back at : Newcomerstown yesterday were
again on their way here. A committee at
once left for Dennison. where they hoped
to, persuade them to stay away. .
Trying to Import Non-TJnion Hen
Intend' Visiting Copenhagen.
. LONDON, Aug. 26.— Emperor Nicholas
and Empress Alexandria, - according to a
dispatch ' to ' the • Daily > Mail from > St.
Petersburg, will start for Copenhagen
¦ Wednesday, August 28.
MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 25.-Mlnneapolis
experienced a fierce rain, wind and hall
storm this evening, which did much dam
age. In the business section of the city
the large plate-glass windows were
smashed. The car system of. the city was
demoralized for three hours, the . trolley
lines being crossed with those of the tele
graph and telephone companies.
At one of tho Great Western steel ele
vators the heavy cupola was blown from
the building, smashing a house near by
the residents narrowly escaping injury In
the • residence section all the windows In
many houses were battered out. trees
were blown down and other havoc done
in the Residence District and
Trees Are Uprooted.
"Windows Are Blown Out of Houses
IHNNEAFOUS EXPERIENCES
A TERRXFIC WINDSTORM
On June 9. 1851, : the first mass was cele
brated in the district now" embraced in
St., Patrick's parish, which . was!, then
bounded on the north by Pine street, the
¦waters of the bay on the east and south
and what Is now Larkln'and Ninth'streets
on the' west. A room on Market street
was fitted up as a chapel, and "Rev. John
Maglnnis, who had only a " few days be
fore arrived in" the' city,' acted" as pastor,
a position to which he was later for
mally appointed by the late ¦ Bishop Ale
many. .. r — .- • '.,,:: '¦-¦¦ • .¦ - ¦„¦;- "•
By-the'flrst Sunday in September'a tem
porary structure was erected on what- is
now tne site of the Palace Hotel. In* the
following November the parishioners by
a unanimous vote decided' upon St. Pat
rick as patron of the "parish, and on De
cember 22 the little church was dedicated.
Some . months later additional land was
acquired and five Sisters of . ¦ Charity,
opened a school and •, orphan; asylum vun
j der the patronage of St. Vincent. \, ¦ .> -.-.
• - In June, , 1854, a larger church and or
phan asylum were built.' » The ¦ growth of
the city made* help for Father Maginnis
necessary, and among those .who assisted
him In the early, days -were the late Rex
J. ¦ F. . Harrington, former pastor of St.
Francis Church, and Rev. Michael: King
pastor of the . Church of I the Immaculate
Conception in Oakland. ' ". '- ¦'¦."./. -
On June 1, ; 1862. Father Maginnis retired
and:. was succeeded .by .^ the *Rev.-.Pvj
Grey.' In;1870 the construction of the pres
ent edifice on Mission street wa3 begun
ahd it was dedicated on St." Patrick's clay
1S72. Father, Grey remained in charge un
i til about two years ago, when he was suc
ceeded by .-. Rev. P. .J.' Cummins, formerly
of St." Charles Church. •:. Many of the pas
tors " throughout the , city and i State had
their first practical* training 'In the priest
hood' In St." Patrick's parish, and < look
back to the days spent there with fond
I remembrance.
Hotel Site.
First' Church Stood on Present Palace
HISTORY OF ST. PATRICK'S.
;, NEW YORK, Aug'. 25.— Georgt "West
inghouse, who, on 'his return from Eng
land yesterday, refused to discuss tho af
fairs- of the District Underground Rail
way : of London, • of which . Charles T.
Yerkes Is in control, changed his mind to
day. He saia that .in view of some state
ments which had appeared in print he
thought the public might ag well have the
matter straight,. and then he went on to
say that there were no differences be
tween Yerkes and himself and that
Yerkes has awarded to the British West
inghouse Company the contract for 30,000
horsepower engines and generators for
his Metropolitan District Railway enter
prise and ¦will require, much more appa
ratus, the manufacture of which In Eng
land will be advantageous to his inter
ests. On. the question of a certain spirit
of hostility which, according to some Lon
don dispatches, is said to have developed
in that city against the American contro*
of the Metropolitan District Railway anrt
rKainst the improvements on the saras by
American companies, Westingnouse had
this to say:- - v - - ... . ..
' "While it is true that some hostility has
been displayed, this really does not
amount . to much. The public wants the
improvements that are now under way
and while they might prefer to have them
as the result of British • enternrlse. they
are glad to have them regardless of the
source."
trict Railway Enterprise.
Will Build the Engines and Genera
f tors for the Metropolitan Dis-
WESTINGHOTJSE SECUHES
2g CONTRACT FROM YERKES
On the same Information It is said that
the formal announcement will be made
to-morrow or next day. The final steps
are to be taken, it is said, at a meeting
to be held in New York the first of this
week, when the transfer will be made
The merging of the two properties, it Is
said, has been very closely guarded, and
this is the first announcement of the con
summation of the deal. It is also stated
that President Woodford of the Indiana,
Decatur and Western may turn over that
road to the Erie owners, as the system Is
the Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton's
Western feeder. . . * •
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 25.— The
Sentinel to-morrow will say: Railroad of
ficials high in rank made the statement
here last night on what they said -was
authoritative information that the Erie
system has finally taken over the Cincin
nati. Hamilton and Dayton Railroad and
that the negotiations which have been In
progress for some weeks have at last been
closed.
th.e- Cincinnati, Hamilton and
Dayton Road.
Erie System Said to Have Taken Over
BEPOETEp CONSOLIDATION
OF TWO BIG RAILWAYS
Rev. P. J. Cummins.'the third pastor of
the church in its fifty years of existence,
was the celebrant of the mass. He waa
assisted by Rev. John W. Sullivan of St.
Patrick's Seminary as deacon, and •: Rev
J. Doran, also attached to the seminary,
as sub-deacon.- Rev. P. E. Mulligan,',sec
retary, to Archbishop » Rlordan, was the
master of ceremonies'. Rev. P. Scanlnn,
chancellor of the archdiocese and. pas ic*
of St. Joseph's Church, and Rev. "WV. B.'
O'Connor, paBtor of St. Mary's Church hf
Stockton, were the deacons >, of honor.
Father Scanlanwas attached to St. Pat
; rick's « Church tin 1865 and i Father O'Con
nor was ¦ assistant from ;May, 1869, to
March, 1872. The acolytes were: Thoma3
Trodden, J. Regan, 'James Long and J.
McNamara; thurifer, Edmund McMullen;
crozier bearer, Aden Doyle; mitre bearer,
John Katcher, and book bearer, John
Qulnn. . . . ¦'.-..- , ;..:..-¦ , .
¦ Among the - other ", clergymen ; present
were: Fathers Heslen; :, M. D. 1 ? Connolly,
Kennedy, Morgan,' Keane, Clifford; Kiely,
Moran, Giles, Byrne, "Laurence Serda of
Special care had been taken to' decorate
the beautifully carved altar In a sumptu
ous manner. M. Lynch of Menlo Park,. a
former member of the parish, sent a
wealth of blossoms from 'his nurseries,
comprising flowers of varied hues, chry
santhemums radiant In golden foliage,
carnations of all colors, ferns and trailing
vines, so massed In chromatic splendor
that the flickering tapers seemed to have
lost their radiance. - .''•"•>-'.: i-
Beautiful Decorations.
Other dignitaries were: Very Rev.
Father Vuibert of the Sulplclan order,
president of St. ! Patrick's Theological
Seminary; Very Rev. John P. FriedenjS.
J., president of St. Ignatius College; Eev.
Father Heverin of the Catholic Univer
sity, Washington, D. C; Rev. Father ; Sul
livan of Halifax, N. S.; Very Rev. Father
Raphael, O. F. M., and > Rev. Father
Clancy, O. P. ;
Rarely has a more distinguished body of
ecclesiastics ~ been - gathered within the
sanctuary rails, than was assembled' at
the grand solemn high mass that was
celebrated at 11. o'clock. His Grace Arch
bishop Rlordan was present, ¦participated
In the mass, and gave the papal benedic
tion to the congregation that filled every
nook and cranny of the spacious edifice.
From Los Angeles ' came .;'. Right Kev.
George Montgomery, Bishop of the. dio
cese of -Monterey and Los Angieles, to
preach the sermon.
St. Patrick's Is the second of the paro
chial churches of the Catholic faith, in'
this city to celebrate, a golden jubilee.
Mission Dolores has the credit of more
than a century of existence, but the
church of St. Francis d'Assissium ante
dates St. Patrick's by two years. So St.
Patrick's. is intimately associated with the
early history of San Francisco, and its
parishioners, some of whom worshiped in
the old church, found added religious
fervor in the celebration of yesterday.
were many celebrated during ! the day,
concluding with' a solemn high mass at
11 o'clock, found ! the church thronged
with earnest and devoted worshipers. :
•'God v made his -first,, covenant .with
Ada.ii, renewed it- with Noah, reiterated
it with, Moses, when he' led his chosen
reoplbvout of the' wilderness,' and -later
with his apostles, for the Catholic Church
has ibeen the same through ; all days and
all generations. 'i These attributes^have all
been handed down. to us by his divine son.
And It Is a: remembrance I of these , facts
thai * gives ito — to-day's celebration ->; its
greatest significance. Fifty years are but
a small cycle of time in the history of a
'•The church: In her full '. membership is
rhacifi uc, of the :church> militant, '. the
church suppliant and the church triumpn
ant."A.s the church militant she is opposed
to the powers of darkness. As the church
suppliant she represents: the sinner,. beg
ging i>f the throne : of ; mercy, that , her
children: may be : spared : the pains of
purgatory, or the torments of hell.'; - "- -
.'""Ihe celebration of this golden jubilee,"
said ' Bishop - Montgomery during the
course of , his sermon, "should be one of
pride and joy to the people of this parlsn.
St. ' Patrick ' is not alone the apostle of
Ireland, but ia the patron saint of your
'parish. "You should remember .' that • you
,are not celebrating 1 aiiy " ordinary event.
You are not merely celebrating fifty years
of parish life, but are celebrating the oc
casion that permits you to be partakers
in the greatest of God's living truths and
principles. It is the value that comes to
the Christian soul from the light In which
it' shines. . ¦ ;. . ,
"This lathe life and the spirit of grace.
The principal attribute of the Catholic
Church is her unity, • and Is also one o£
its' chiei characteristics..: "Wherever it "is,
it is a power throughout the world.
, "The gospel Is God's will. For fifty
years that gospel has been, working In
your midst for your salvation.' The cnurch
has' always been and is coexistent . with
God.himself, and the fact 'that you/ are
Incorporated . In that ; great : and , mystic
body of the church makes, this day all the
more memorable to. you. • .-.. ' , .
Bishop Montgomery's Remarks.-'
. Tenors — John ~ H. O'Brien, Thomas J. O'Brien,
Maurice" Corridan, John Grlffen, Robert Mor
'risgey, Thomas Fay.
Barsos — Roy B. Kay! James O'Brien, John
O'Brien, Ignatius Kerr, Thomas Leach, L. A.
Flynn. • : ' * ' ' ' . • •.
Contraltos— MiEses Gcnevieve Sullivan. Kate
Fuller, Ethyl Brown, Cecelia Feeney, Katie
Barry, Mabel Johnson, Louise Wiskotschille,
Kittle" Wood, and Mrs. Staphanie. , •¦-• •
Sopranos — Misses Etta "Welsh. Frances Haus
man, Mary Anthony, Margaret Anthony, Kate
Robinscn, Nonie Sullivan, Kate Turner, Lizzie
Fuller," Mollle Glover, Agatha Glover, Lillian
Byrne, Kathryn Cusick, Nellie Sheehy. Jennie
McCarthy, May Lyne, Ella . Cronin, Gertrude
Cronin, Mary Klndersren. Mary Radel In. Mamie
McDermott, Josephine Short, Annetta Johnson,
Loretta Brady, Mary Fitzgerald, Kate Turner.
Temescal, Butler, S. J.; Collins, S. J.;
Maximilian, O. F.- M., and Horan, Barry,
O'Hara and Collopy of St. Patrick's par
ish. • i • •
Gounod's "Messe SolPnelle," written In
honor; of St. Cecelia, was sung at the
mass. Miss Mary Short, the organist, ar
ranged the programme, and was assisted
by a- string orchestra. Curt C. Davis
acted as conductor.- At the offertory,
"Jubilante Deo," by Dudley Buck, was
rendered. The choir was composed of the
following named vocalists:
"De Larey has issued a counter procla
mation warning all Boers against my
latest proclamation and declaring that
they will continue the struggle."
The War Office has received the follow
ing dispatch from Lord Kitchener, dated
at Pretoria to-day:
In Brussels it is asserted that Com
mandant General Botha has ordered the
Boer commanders in future to retain all
captured British as hostages in case Lord
Kitchener carries out the threats of his
latest proclamation.
LONDON, -Aug. 23.— South African dis
patches show that the Boers continue ac
tive in Cape Colony. Sharp skirmishing
has occurred near Unlondale, a day's ride
from the sea. while Commandant Schep
per's commando is threatening the Impor
tant town of Oudschern, thirty miles from
the Indian Ocean. .
Schepper Threatens the
Important Town of
Oudschern.
Solemn vespers were sung- in the evening
by the same choir that performed in the
morning. The special numbers were "O
Salutaris," by George Curti; Rlgo's\'Tan
tum Ergo" and Lambelotte's "Te Deum."
in- addition to Lejeal's vespers.- Rev. P.
E. Mulligan preaehed an eloquent sermon.
Benediction of the blessed -sacrament
brought the jubilee celebration to a close.
"The church is not" a dead body. It
speaks with an Infallible certainty. The
son of God and redeemer of mankind has
said to his apostles, 'You have* not clothed
me; I have- clothed you. -Go"; ye therefore
and teach all nations, for I 'will be with
you all days even to the' consummation
of the world.' You for fifty years have
been participating In these blessings. For
fifty years, day by day, you ¦ have been
benefited by this spirit of grace. Each
week and sometimes everyday you' have
assisted here at the sacrifice of the mass.
Some day you may be brought here to
have the last sad rites or the church per
formed 'over your dead tenement. -Co
operate with your devoted" pastor In' all
things spiritual and temporal looking to
your welfare, but of all things look care
fully to the Christian training of 'the
youth of the narish."
"Jn the fifty years of this church's ex
istence we have seen the close of the
latter half of the most remarkable cen
tury the world has ever known. It is
remarkable for many . things ' that will
redcund to the greater honor and glory,
of God, and it is also ' remarkable for
advanced knowledge in "things material
and natural. But in all these things we
must rely on God. ; God has given man
Intelligence to enjoy them, and upon him
and the use he may make of them must
depend his future happiness. ••- ¦ ¦ -
"Urged to Co-operate With Pastor.
church that extends back to the beghi
rint? of the •world. '
BOERS ARE BUSY
IN CAPE COLONY
• SEATTLE, Wash.. Acs. 25.— Captain E.
E. Cain of this city has sold the steam
ship Mexico, which he purchased' last
April from Captain Goodall and others of
San. Francisco for $75,000,. to J. A- Lind
say of Victoria, who will operate her
under the British flag and will rechrlsten
her the Manauense, the old name which
she had twenty-five years ago. She will
operate between Comox and San Fran
cisco as a .collier.
Mexico's Name to Sa Changed.
CHICAGO. Aug. 25.— Judge Abraham S.
Humphreys* race half around the globe to
vindicate himself to the eyes of his asso
ciates in Hawaii has been interrupted in
Chicago. He is now lying in a hospital
preparing for an operation which physi
cians say will probably result fatally.
The Judge is the man who reformed Ju
dicial practice in Honolulu and thereby
aroused much enmity. At the instigation
of members of the Hawaiian bar. though
broken in health, he started at once for
the United States. To-day his case' is be
fore Attorney General Knox. He ! suc
ceeded in convincing that official that tho
complaints of the island lawyers were un
founded. One week ago Judge Humph
reys was reappolnted to his position.
Special Dispatch to Tts-CaTU '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 25.— At an early
hour this morning Police !Detect!ves
Fisher and Fitzgerald arrested Harry
Hammel, alias Harry Homer, who is said
to be one of the most dangerous criminals
in the State. Hammel is a safe-blower,
and a charge has been placed against him
of having shattered the vault, doors of
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson's establish
ment In this city Sunday night last and
getting away with $226. „ -
Hammel was released May 13 from a oi
som Prison, after having served a five
year term for burglary committed in Los
Angeles. While in the prison he became
the companion of a safe-cracker, and he
was not long out when he began to utilize
the knowledge he had gained. „,"„.,
On July 19 he attempted to blow *>Ven
the railroad office safe at San Mateo, but
failed. On August 1 Hammel succeeded
in blowing open the safe at the Meplo
Park Postofflce, securing J243 in cash and
I19S in postage stampg. Next he cracked
the safe of the Antioch Lumber Com
pany at Antioch and got away with some
Coming northward from the scene ot
these exploits. Hammel went into seclu
sion in. Washington, Yolo County, Just
across the river from Sacramento.
Thomas Norton's saloon in this city was
burglarized, and, suspecting Hammel,
Chief of Police Sullivan requested
Washington Constable to arrest him- The
evidence against him waa not complete,
however, and he was discharged.
The robbery of the Menlo' Park Postof
fice was of a sensational character. Tne
explosion oT file* safe ' 'awakened Mrs.
Doane, living' over : the.tpostomce. She
aroused Deputy ; Postmaster George
Weller, who secured the aid of a neigh
boring hotel cleric- and together they -pro
ceeded to investigate the cause of Mrs.
Doane's alarm.
Opening the postofflce door they found
the room filled with, smoke. The robber,
pistol In' hand, ordered them ! to stand
back. Weller grabbed at the pistol and
the robber soupht to discharge it, but the
hammer was stopped by Weller's thumb.
The robber broke away from his captor s
grasp and, keeping his pistol leveled at
the two men, backed out and made his
escape.
The police and detectives this afternoon
discovered a safe-breaking outfit in an
alley here, where Hammel Is thought to
have planted it. It contained drills, dyna
mite and an electrical apparatus. Hammel
was coming out of this alley when ar
rested this morning. On his person were
a. loaded revolver and some dynamite
cartridges.
Detective Fisher to-night said there was
no question that- Hammel was the man
who committed the San Mateo County
robberies. After the Holbrook, Merrill &
Stetson robbery. Fisher visited San Mateo
Cwunty, and In company with Under Sher
iff Henry. Bucks called on all the parties
who had seen the robber^ and obtained
from them descriptions which fitted Ham
mel perfectly. Detective Fisher had a
photograph of Hammel with a number of
others. He asked the parties to select the
man, and they all picked out" Hammel'3
picture. ¦ ' ; ,
i Among those who thus positively Identi
fied Hammel was Deputy Postmaster
George Weller and Hotel Clerk Thomas
Burns, who had the face-to-face adventure
with him in the San Mateo postofflce. City
Marshal Wallace saw a man hastily leav
ing the town just after the robbery, and
before he had been informed of It, and he
recognized this man In the picture shown
lilm of Hammel. A milkman who saw the
robber escaping also Identified him in the
same manner. The detective claims that
"he has all of -Hammers movements traced
up to the present. His room here has
Tjeen searched and further Incriminating
evidence 'found, including revenue stamps
of the number and denomination stolen
ftpm the Holbrook, 'Merrill & Stetson
safe, and putty such as was used in* the
safe-cracking. Hammel declines to make
any statement.
Abraham S. Humphreys
Must Undergo an
Operation.
Sacramento Police Cap
ture -Dangerous Ex
1 Conviqfc.
HAWAIIAN JUDGE
IS NEAR DEATH
SAFE ROBBER'S
CAREER ENDED
PnT-^ACOMA, Wash., Aug. 25.— A sen
11 national saloon hold-up and mur-
I der occurred early this morning
Ji while tha carnival. crowd was on
- its way to the masked- ball.
Two masked. men entered, the .EJk saloon
at 1548 South C street and ordered the
occupants <:to throw up their bands, pro
prietor Hermsden took It to-be a Joke of
the revelers and remarked: ,
"You're' cominff 4t pretty coarse, boys
. The • answer was a bullet from one of
.the.men's revolvers that grazed the fore :-.
head of JSdward ,'Piankuchen and> Bllgntlj:
wounded' J. Kempin. * Three pairs of hands,
shot. Into the air immediately and _the
/men meekly did the bidding of the tod
bers.--They emptied- the-. till .^"f^"!
¦standinrln front of the bar, when Kem
pin saw an * opportunity to 'escape. «e
bolted- toward the door to call for ' &«"£.
shot from the revolver °* one °f tna
:men passed dangerously near his back
and burled Itself in the wooden partition
" ne Ben b John8on, an employe of the smelter
had Just pushed 'open the door to enter
the saloon, when Kempin niabed by him.
One of the robbers shot at the new-comer
, and the ball struck him above the left hip.
He dropped to the floor In the doorway
with a cry that he had been shot and
died half an hour later. The two high,
waymen dashed out of the Place, not even
pausing to look at the dying man on the
floor, and sped up C street and were lost
H "j. Hermsden, the proprietor of the
saloon, In his story of the occurrence,
said: '~~\1'-\m *~ i
"When I saw two masked men come in
I thought they were simply masqueradera
and when they said. 'Put i© your hand3,'
I replied. 'You're coming it pretty coarse,
boys.' A shot was Instantly fired, and
when I saw the blood on Pfankuchen.who,
with Kempin. was standing at the bar,
I held up my hands. They took $o0 out
of the till and my watch and chain. The
man's hand shook violently as he took
the money and he seemed to be badly rat
tled. They fired another -shot at Kempin
as he ran out. Johnson was comlns in
and the robber seemed to get rattled
again and shot him. . ...
"I think the men were new to the work.
for they acted in an excited manner and
began shooting without waiting to see if
we would resist. They fired at least thre^
shots and perhaps one more, for I waa
too excited to count." y-
Bullets Kill One Man and Wound Others Be
fore Masked Outlaws Complete
Crime and Escape.
TWO BANDITS OPEN FIRE
AND ROB TACOMA SALOON
ST. PATRICK'S CHURCH JUBILEE
CELEBRATED BY PARISHIONERS
ST. PATRICK'S chimes rang out a
glad Te Deum early yesterday
morning, when at the break of day
was celebrated the first mass that
marked the ' commemoration of
that" church's -golden jubilee.; .'.'.Even : at
that early ¦ hour thousands . crowded the
edifice and on knees In suppllahce bent
prayed' that - its centennial - jubilee might
be duly celebrated. Each mass, and there
Solemn High Mass, Vespers, and 5ermon by, Bishop
Montgomery Comprise the Ceremonies.
SUNDAY TRUCE IN LABOR
STRUGGLE IS UNBROKEN
Twenty Additional Men Are Sent to Port
Costa, but the City Water Front
Shows Little Activity.
The case of Captain George W. Witt
man, .- charged with battery by James.
Masse. a striker, will be called in Judge
Cabaniss' Court this morning. Captain i
"Wittman iias> engaged Attorneys -Hosmer
and Peter Dunne to defend him, as he
says there is a vital principle involved
and he means to make it a test case. He
is ready for trial, but the case will likely
be continued, as Hosmer will be engaged
in one of the Superior courts and will not
be present.
Captain Wittman's Case.
Joseph Bennett, residing at 230 Mont
gomery avenue, a non-union driver em
ployed by McNab & Smith, was brought
to the Emergency Hospital from Hinkley
alley early yesterday morning in a badly
battered condition. His right leg was
broken and his ¦ head and face were cov
ered with contusions and lacerations. He
said h"e had been set upon by a number of
fruit, wagon drivers, thrown down a flight
of stairs and kicked and clubbed. When
placed upon the operating table he
endeavored to conceal irom the searching
officers a policeman's star which he held
in his hand. He gave as his excuse for
possessing the badge that he wanted "to
run a bluff" in case he should be as
saulted. He said he bought the star from
a pawnshop near the Hall of Justice.
Star Not Protection Enough.
Secretary McCabe of the machinists
emphatically denied that any of the ma
chinists would return to work. He stated'
that all his men were standing firm. Ha j
denied that any compromise looking to
the return of the machinists had been
made or even considered. • '•
James Spiers, president of the Fulton
Iron Works, when Interviewed on the sub
ject stated that he knew of no strikers
who intended to return to work this
morning. He assented that ne expected
to obtain a supply of men In the near
future, but declined to state where from.
In speaking of the conditions existing at
the Fulton Iron Works he said: "While
in the past we have made no special effort
to secure men, in the future we intend to
let no opportunity to increase our force
pass." . • , . . ..-.-.
Rumors were in circulation yesterday
afternoon to the effect that a number of
striking machinists had determined '.to
break away from the union this morning
and return to work. It was reported that
a few men would return to the Union and
Risdon Iron Works and that a consider
able number would go back to the Fulton
Iron Works. No definite authority "could
be found to substantiate the reports and
both the managers of the iron works and
the leaders of the machinists denied all
knowledge of them.
Managers and Strike Leaders Deny a
Humor.
MACHINISTS WOT TO B.ETTTBN.
Twenty men were secured yesterday for
work at Port Costa, and arrangements
were made to send them up on a gasoline
launch. The usual secrecy was maintain
ed about the point from which they were
to start, and It was not known that the
launch had got under way until she was
seen coming back in tow of another gaso
line boat. It was learned that the boat
load of non-union men had reached Red
Rock, when the engine broke down and
they drifted helplessly about until picked
up by one of the launches cruising about
the bay. ' • . . ¦-
did enough damage to put the proprietor
out of business for several days. •¦¦•
The work of unloading the Callfornian
at Steuart-street wharf was almost com
pleted yesterday. She was about . the only
vessel along the front on which any work
¦¦was done. - - - — ¦ -. '
The steamer Argyll is still at Howard
street Pier 8. Every effort has been
made during: the last few dayB to get her
ready for sea so that ' she could sail to
day, but the men worked very slowly,
and it Is now thought that she will, not
get out before Wednesday. • -
The Wellington is I still - unloading coal
at the Dunsmuir bunkers. The work will
probably be completed to-day, when she
will be sent north for another cargo. ':¦
A DAT of the utmost auiet followed
the enthusiasm of Saturday's
great labor parade. The strike
leaders took advantage of the- in
action of Sunday to resll from
their tasks, and little was attempted in.
the way of work even aboard the vessels
¦whose cargoes are being unloaded.
The attention of the unions is being'di
rected toward arrangements for the cele
bration of Labor day. They'feel that the
holiday will have unusual significance this
year, and they Intend to make of . it an
other great demonstration in the interests
cf the strike. The executive committee of
the Labor Council will meet at 10 o'clock
this morning to arrange additional details
-of the celebration. - -• .
Speaking of the general strike situation,
Andrew Furusetb, secretary of the Sail
ors' Union, said yesterday:
"We enter upon the sixth week of the
teamsters' strike and the fifth week of the
reneral strike as strong and determined
as the day we went out. As to the results
we have accomplished, conditions along
the water front and in the wholesale dis
trict speak for themselves."
"Have you accomplished as. much as you
hoped for in that time?" was asked him.
"No, I would not say that. We had
hoped for early peace, of course. But it
takes two to make a bargain. The - em
ployers will not treat with us. That set
tles it. There is no other course but to
continue the struggle and put up the best
fight possible to us."
Typographical Union No. . 21 yesterday
adopted resolutions denouncing Captain
Wittman for clubbing the striker Masse.
The union decided to increase the assess
ment in aid of the strikers and to partici
pate in the Labor day parade, each mem
ber not appearing In line to be fined $23.
SHOTS FIBED AT PICKETS.
"Water Front.
Several Small Bdots Occur on the
Very little work was done on the water
front yesterday. The day was one of rest
for every one but the pickets placed by
the unions along the wharves. They were
as vigilant as ever- and allowed no oppor
tunity to pass whereby they might bene
fit their cause. Only two non-union men
were treated at the Harbor Hospital dur
ing the entire day, and neither of them
were badly injured.
• The injured stevedores were colored men
•who have been boarding on the Ohio.
They had been ashore overnight and when
they went to the front yesterday morning
to get aboard the vessel they were stopped
by the pickets, who sought to prevent
their reaching - the floating - boarding
house. E. S. James, one of the colored
men, drew a revolver and 'fired two shots
into the crowd of pickets, and his compan
ion, whose name is Henry Boose, assault
ed the union men with his fists.
A small riot ensued, out of which the
negroes came badly bruised. None of the
union men were hurt. While the fight was
in progress the police arrived and arrest
ed the whole crowd. James was charged
with discharging a weapon inside the city
limits and the pickets and Boose were
charged with disturbing the peace.
Albert Schiaber, a 'longrshoremari, was
arrested at the corner of Davis and Jack
feon streets yesterday afternoon for dis
charging a pistol on East street. Schiaber
Indulged in a little too much water front
¦whisky during the day and thought the
only proper •way to show his sympathy
¦with the strikers was to indulge in a
mimic Fourth of July celebration,- He had
fired but one shot when the police arrest
ed him.
A number of union men made a raid on
the restaurant kept by .Frank O. Mello
at 116 Jackson street yesterday afternoon
and completely wrecked the place. Mello
lias been furnishing meals to the non
union firemen employed along the front
and incurred the enmity of the strikers by
continuing to do so after he had been
¦warned against it. The men who did the
wrecking entered the place and without
warning proceeded to Juggle with the ta
bles and tableware. They remained only
about five minutes, but in that short time
READY FOR SPIN
OVER CUP COURSE
New Challenger to Sail
To-Day From Sandy
Hook Lightship.
• NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— Sir Thomas Up
ton's steam yacht Erin anchored in Sandy
¦ Hook fcay close to the Shamrock II . to
night, having returned from her trip to
Oyster Bay, where Sir Thomas and his
. party were entertained by the Seawan
' haJta-Corinthian Tacht Club. Lieutenant
Colonel Burbank, commandant of the
military post on Sandy Hook, with his
family, accompanied Sir Thomas and wit
nessed the race between the Const! tuUon
and Columbia on Saturday. They re
mained on board the yacht to-<iay and
enjoyed a cruise on the Bound.
-The Shamrock was not damaged by the
fierce squall that swept over the bay on
Saturday afternoon. She Is securely
moored to a Government can buoy.
¦ Everything is ready for the second trial
f-pin of the yacht to-morrow. She is to
leave her anchorage at 10 o'clock ami
proceed to Sandy Hook lightship, there
to begin her trial over one of the Amer
ica's cup courses, either fifteen miles -to
windward or leeward and return, or ov*>r
a triangular course of ten miles to the
He.
According to the weather prophet M
Sandy Hook to-night the indications foi
wind In the morning are not very bright
In any event Captain Sycamore will be
apt to send aloft some of the Shamrock's
light sails, and those lucky enough to b*
. out there will probably see the largest
club topsail ever set on a yacht— 90-foottr
—also various sizes of jib topsails . and
perhaps a spinnaker of generous propor
tions.
Sir Thomas LIpton has given orders to
start the yacht every day at 11 o'clock, so
that she can return to her anchorage
early in the afternoon.
Shipment of Gold Ore From Chile.
OMAHA, Neb., Aug. 25.-Notice has
been received at the local office of the
- American Smelting and Refining Company
of a shipment of gold ore from Chile. It
is the first shipment of South American
ore to the smelting company's plants and
is in the nature of an experiment. The
ore Is eald to be very rich, and If its treat
ment proves successful the shipment will
be followed by others on a large scale.
Perth Amboy, N. J., Is the port of entry.
THE eAJsFMjSOlSGO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 2G, 1901.
2
h j^^^ yom catch |
P & ¦ "* r ° U t H
N y flavor if -vyitK. |
f CALIFORNIA / 1
I chotneysadge/ I
II fhe right thing for * / U
K fi.sK. cfana-cstealt* tffc / *~- Id
m / ~ f^i
H is*- 25* All grocers / . g
'"¦ " '" ' '¦' UTS \
The first brewery of Jos. ||£|
Schlitz was a hut, but the lj*j*<
beer that was brewed there jg^Uj jl \
was honest. That was fifty s||| if
years ago. Today the mag- f&JRQ tj
nificent Schlutz brewery Pjv |j
forms a monument to that Wg* ']
From the very beginning. P)/ g
the main object has been to Ba£ f]
attain absolute purity. In Egbpf o
Schlitz beer pure yeast was Wfy 1
first introduced in America, tegs
In the Schlitz brewery are |f£~|
all the inventions men have |r$|
made for protecting beer !Qlj
Schlitz beer is even cooled aP'SJ
in filtered air; then'it is fil- PW
tered, then sterilized. It is fljll
well aged to avoid the cause
of biliousness. Fv!
Ask your physician about ||||
Schlitz, the beer that made |||
Milwaukee famous. Kj^
" Thone Main 447, Sherwood &Sher- p^J
wood,212MarketSt.,SanFrancisco fcr&Ai
Mr MB Ssf £& &a \r3±f '
DR,MEYERS'&CO, /ggiSaL
Specialist. Disease ]^^^^*"^^^^
and weakness of W^Srf ' 7
m en. Established ?Sggtf ,_?
1SS1. Consultation YCv? 4*SHr££aj
and private book VAJ. ™^f* }T
free, at offlca or by 1 * J~i*&
mall. Cures guar- l^S>^/€^^ *
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket street (eleva- Jv^^W''-**
tor entrance), San JwC^J^vM' 1^,
nJ tPVH'? RE ADY RELIEF haa .tood ,
P?W ed .S efOr £ J he wblio "for 10 -yean m4 j
Pain Remedy, - It instantly relieve* and quickly *f
C kF,?. s al » Colds . Soro Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, Rahumatlsm, Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothacha and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains, All drusjlau.MacArthur Will Visit President.
.The seriously hurt are: Emory Scott,
motorman, hips and back; Oba Fox.
Greenfield, hand and foot mashed, and
Charles Dalrymple, severely bruised and
cut. The injuries of the others were
slight.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 23.—Four
teen persons were injured, three ser
iously, in a collision between a Green
field interurban car and a train on the
Belt Railroad to-day. The electric car
was , partly / demolished. There were
twelve passengers on the car, nearly all
from Greenfield.
Twelve Passengers, Nearly All From
- ' Greenfield, Are Injured, Three
of Them Seriously.
THOIXEY CAB. AND TRAIN
COLLIDE ON A CROSSING
CHICAGO, Aug. 25.— Striking machin
ists of the Allls-Chalmers and the Gates
Iron Works continued picketing the plants
to-day, despite the temporary injunction
issued by Judge Kohlsaat. It Is rumored
that five imported machinists who ven
tured outside the plant were waylaid and
severely' beaten by the friends of the
strikers. Former Governor J. P. Altgeld
has been a«ked to fight the Injunction on
the part of the strikers.
Strikers Picketing Despite Injunction
• "No conscientious agent of a transpor
tation company would, under the present
laws, hold out to homeseekers any In
ducements, for it Is only possible for an
Alaskan settler at present to take up
land under what -is known as "squatters*
rights," and consequently his title would
be insecure. With general land laws ap
plied directly to Alaska, more land offices
established, and base lines surveyed at
the expense of the Government, home
seekers will flock to the North and the
Swede or Norwegian will find himself in
a land, the climatic conditions of which
are identical with those of' his native
country- It Is only a question of time
when this will be accomplished and our
company will do and is doing all that is
possible to bring about<this result". . •
This scheme provides for the opening
up of millions of acres of low land along
the southeastern coast and the lnterio- of
Alaska and permitting honseseekers to
occupy them and develop the agricul
tural resources. James G. Woodworth,
traffic manager of the . Pacific Coast
Company, has had the matter in hand for
some time. He says: '-
TACOMA, "Wash., Aug. 25.— The Pacific
Coast Company has in contemplation a
scheme which. If earned out, and desired
changes are made in the land laws of. the
United States, will result in the peopling
of Alaska by Norwegians, Finns arid
Swedes, and the entire country will be
made s'elf-sustalning.
Enecial Dlepatch to The Call.
Efforts Are Being Made
to Open Millions
of Acres. *
ALASKAN LAND
FOR COLONISTS
The Salvation Army has representatives
at work in forty-seven different countries,'
and issues forty-five periodicals printed in
twenty-one I languages.
Ten-Ride Tickets on the Coast Line.
Southern 'Pacific now sells ten-ride In
dividual commutation tickets between San
Francisco and Coast line points to and in
cluding San Jose. Inauire of agents.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 25.— It was stated to
night that when, the lower union mills of
the Carnegie Company in Lawrencevtlle
were ready to start, the officials discov
ered they were short about ' sixty of the
skilled men .who., had been working thnie
up to last night. As a result two of the
roughing mills were I Idle, the twelve-lnsh
mill crippled, the plate mill was operating
only about half the number of heats, and
the nine-inch mill is still out and will not
be operated. The skilled men,' it Is said,
quit ; work only because they were mem
bers of the Amalgamated Association and
obeyed the orders issued to them. All
those who remained at work . in the mill
are understood to ' be receiving full pay,
whether the plant is operated full or not.
Carnegie Company's Hills in Law
renceville Crippled. - •
SKILLED MEN WALK OUT.
LONG BEACH. Aug. 25.— The body of
Elsie, the eldest of the two Wallace pis
ters, who with their cousin, Cora, were
drowned opposite Tent Village, Long
Beach, on August 12, was found to-day
by Will <5raves and Steven Strong, two
Long Beach fishermen who were passing
in their boat. The body was floating when
first seen about two hundred yards east
of the place of drowning, in some kelp
which was tangled In her hair, no doubt
helping to prevent the body from rising
to the surface sooner. All three of the
bodies are now recovered and will be
buried together, the bodies of the other
trwo girls having been embalmed awaiting
th* recovery of the missing sister.
Fishermen. Find a Child's Body.
Two years ago Honnewashe and an In
dian interpreter known as Charley Ike
testified In the Federal Court here that
Smut had sold liquor to the Indians. It
being his first conviction he escaped with
a light sentence. Later he threatened to
kill both Honnewashe and Ike. Not long
after the latter was murdered at Puyal
liip. Smut was suspected, but no direct
evidence was obtainable. It Is believed
he has also killed Honnewashe out of
revenge.
A posse of the murdered man's friends
has gone Into the mountains to which
Smut escaped. They have taken pro
visions for an extended stay and declare
that Smut will be hunted down and
either hanged or tortured to death to
answer for his many misdeeds. The of
ficers of Yaklma County are endeavoring
to persuade them to turn Smut over to
the law if they get him.
TACOMA, Aug. 25.— A murder is re
ported to have been committed on the
Yakima Indian Reservation, within six
miles of North Yakima. Charley Honne
washe Is missing and the Indians say he
¦was killed and his body was thrown In
the Yakima River. A torn hat and a
bloody handkerchief are the only relics
of the missing brave. John Smut, an
Indian, is accused of the murder.
Special Dtepatch to The Call.
To the People of San Jose and Santa Clara
County: Preparations are now in progress for
the celebration on the 9th of September thW
year in San Jose of the admission of California
to the Union. The parlors of the Native Sons
of the Golden West of San Jose, always ready
to commemorate the famous incidents of the
settlement and Americanization of the Pacific
Coast, are this year making more than usual
efforts for a striking and successful celebration
of Admission day in San Jose. This day is
peculiarly Californian and its memories baton*
peculiarly to the native sons and pioneers
Parlors of Native Sons and Daughters of tho
Golden West from all over Central California
have expressed their intention to be present
and participate In the celebration at San Jose
this year. It . is to be hoped that our own
people will give those who have the celebra
tion in charge their hearty co-operation and
support.
' Outside attractions of less patriotic character
should not be permitted to entice people of this
city from home and all should unite in extend
ing a cordial welcome to the visitors from the
neighboring towns and cities, who will be in
a sense guests of the people of this county and
city on that day. A tine entertainment will
be presented for all, • and it is promised and
the promise will be kept, that San Jose will
be very attractive on the 9th day of Septem
ber. ; Let all,' then, old, and young, lend- a
hand to the Native Sons in the coming: cele
bration. Respectfully yours,
• .;'. • C J.' MARTIN, Mayor of San Jos«.
The Native Sons will not be the only
ones who will add to the color scheme of
the parade. The Native Daughters will
march In handsome uniforms specially
designed for the San Jose celebration. La
vespero Parlor will make a special float
display. La. Estrella Parlor, which carried
away the honors at San Jose in 1898 will
attempt to • again surpass • this year
These Native Daughters will have a spe
cial drill corps, consisting of twenty-five
members of the parlor, as an escort The
drill corps will perform various evolutions
alone the line of march.
The San Jose parlors, as tne hosts, will
be uniformed. In a style becoming their
position. The three parlors will be dif
ferently attired. San Jose Parlor No 22
will wear suits of white duck with old
gold trimmings. The trousers and hat
wlll.be of eoft white duck and the shirt
hatband, necktie and belt will be of old
gold. The members will carry Japanese
parasols with an American flag attached
Palo Alto Parlor has adopted, a uniform
of blue and white. The trousers will be
of white duck, as will.be the hat ami
shoes. The shirt, hat ribbon and belt will
be blue. - Observatory Parlor's costume
will oe novel. The uniform will be brown
and consist of a Raglan coat with hat
to match. The members will carry canes
Mayer C. J. Martin, who Is in hearry
accord with the Native Sons in their
efforts to make the coming celebration of
Admission day the largest and best of its
kind, issued the following proclamation
last. evening: , : vf""0.'''-
SAN JOSE, Aug. 25.— It Is still three
weeks to the annual celebration of Ad
mission day that will be held at San
Jose on the 7th, 8th and 9th of September,
yet the success of every feature is already
assured. .The parade programme is taking
definite shape In the hands of an efficient
parade committee. The parade committee
of San Jose, which consists of H. W. Mc-
Comas. Edward Haley and W. J. Bosch
ken, is acting co-operatively with Grand
Marshal Taafe and the San Francisco
parade committee in arranging the multi
tudinous details that are to be perfected.
Every day reports are being received
from distant parlors as to the number
and manner In which they will parade
From present indications there wtll be
between two and three thousand persons
In line. Almost all of these will- be hand
somely uniformed In parlor costume and
regalia and will make the parade a most
attractive feature. Each parlor coming to
San Jose will be escorted by uniformed
delegations of from twenty to 100 mem
bers. .
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
Murderer.
Friends of Missing In
dian Chase Supposed
Native Sons and Daugh
ters Will Dazzle
San Jose.
MAY TORTURE
THEIR PRISONER
RADIANT HOSTS
FOR THE PARADE
MEN PROMINENT IN FIGKT
FOR THE MAYORALTY OF
SACRAMENTO. ' * .
All signs point now to the nomination
of John C. Ing at the hands of the Re
publican convention should Clark's ex
pected contest at the primaries fall. Ing
is at present president of the Board of
Trustees. He is a young business man, is
Ing Well in the Eace.
Clark some months ago put himself on
record as an aspirant for renomlnatlon at
the hands of the regular Republican con
vention, and declared that he would not
become an Independent candidate. But,
while be has' declined to discuss the ques
tion of late, his supporters declare there
Is no doubt that he will become an inde
pendent candidate should he find it useless
to put up a fight to elect a majority of
his delegates at. the primary. The action
of the Central Committee In having two
blanket tickets, one In each Assembly
District, Is regarded as a shrewd forestall
ing of Clark, since the latter could un
doubtedly make a hard fight if the elec
tion were conducted In nine clearly de
fined wards.
That he has tron the enmity of Colonel
J. B. Wright and the other Republican
powers is no longer a matter of doubt.
The Republican Central Committee has.
In accordance with the evident Intention
to Ehut Clark out from renominatlon, de
cided to apportion Its delegates to the
convention by the two Assembly Dis
tricts embraced by the city, instead of by
the nine ward boundaries. It is no secret
that this apportionment is made for no
other purpose than to render more diffi
cult of success possible opposition at the
primary, by the Clark coherts, which, of
course, include the present administration
in all its departments.
prominent In fraternal organizations and
is personally popular. William Land, B.
M. Stelnman and Findley R. Doaz have
also been spoken of. but Ing is the only
avowed candidate, and he seems to have
the favor of the ruling powers. It Is.de
clared to be certain that should the regu
lar ticket win at the primaries Clark's
name will not go before the convention at
all.
Clark disclosed his first sign of. weak
ness when he sought a few weeks ago
the nomination for Mayor from the Mu
nicipal League and failed by a few votes,
the nomination going to General Llewel
lyn Tozer, resident partner, of the whole
sale firm of W. P. Fuller & Co. In ask
ing an organization announcedly opposed
to regular party methods to make him Its
nominee Clark is credited with- having
destroyed what chances he .may .have pos
sessed of being nominated by. the regular
Republican bod j'. .
pamphleteer and his treatises on the.
water question, with frequent attacks
upon the newspapers, are treasured
among local literary achievements. He
is a man of independent fortune, has the
reputation of being strictly honest, and
even those who rail at his radicalism are
free to admit his popularity with the
masses.
Ex-Senator Frederick Cox. who has for
some years served with • distinction upon
the State Board of Agriculture, has been
mentioned as splendid material, but it is
thought that the Democrats will not be
able to induce him to accept the nomina
tion.
Position of Colonel Wright.
It is rather an interesting fact that
while Colonel J. B. Wright has been
deposed as the Southern Pacific division
superintendent the belief is general in this
city that he is still rendering the company
service In a political way and that, with
the retirement of President Hays, it will
be only a matter of time when he will be
reclothed-in the fullness of his former
authority. The famous oil land suit which
Mayor Clark brought against him has not
been decided yet. but the rupture which
it occasioned has not been . patched up
and Mayor Clark Is feeling the conse
quences of his going into court.
As to the Mayor's 'chance's iri the event
of his running Independent, his friends
declare that they- are better than those of
any candidate whose name has been put
forward. With7 four': candidates in sight
the coming Mayoralty election promises
to be the liveliest- ever witnessed here.
Several millions of dollars- will, it Is ex
pected, be expended in ¦ public Improve
ments the . next . few . years, . and there is
an ambition to shine as the Mayor of the
new Sacramento.
GENERAL ROBERT WILLIAMS
DIES FROil APOPLEXY
He Leaves Three Sons, Who Are Com- -
missioned Officers in the Army
and Navy.
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.-General Robert
Williams died last night at the Hotel
Netherwocd, near Plainneld, N. J., from
apoplexy. He was 75 years of age.
General Williams -was born in Virginia,
and was a graduate of West Point. In
1892 he was appointed to the position of
Adjutant General of the Army and re
tired a year later. •
He married the widow of the lata
Stephen A. Douglas. He leaves three sons
and three daughters— First Lieutenant
Robert C. Williams of the Thirteenth Cav
alry: Second Lieutenant J. C. Willlam3
of the Twelfth Infantry and Lieutenant
Philip Williams. U. S. N. The daughters
are Mrs. J. C. Patten, wife of Lieuten
ant Patten. U. S. N.; Misses Addie and
Nellie Williams.
Chinese Emperor Issues the. Edicts.
LONDON. Aug. 26.— "Li Hung Chang
has notified the Ministers of the powers."
says a dispatch to the Times from Peking
dated yesterday, "that edicts necessary to
the signing of the protocol by the Chi
nese plenipotentiaries are now en route
from Sian-Fu and are expected to arrive
here Wednesday."
It has been reported that the conferees
disapproved the move in abrogating the
Federal Steel Company contracts and told
President Shaffer so with unmistakable
emphasis. .Of this, however. . Secretary
John Williams said to-day that during the
conference he had heard no adverse criti
cism by the Civic Federation conferees
on the attitude of President Shaffer in
this matter of contracts. ; .
The action of President Shaffer in abro
gating the wage contracts with the Fed
eral Steel Company, covering Its Western
mills and in other instances, was ques
tioned. Messrs; Mitchell, White and Jenks
spoke of the importance of strict observ
ance of wage agreements as contracts by
the labor unions. President Shaffer, main
tained his position, to the satisfaction of
most of the conferees.
Shaffer's Action Questioned.
In furtherance of- the "peace", pro
gramme, which is said .to have been in
the course of preparation for several
days, It was given out to-day by one. on
the Inside and one who should know, that
the Amalgamated executives have con
sented to have certain propositions made
to the officials of the United States Steel
Corporation through members of the con
ciliatory committee of the National Civic
Federation, which proposals are expected
to bring about a settlement of the great
strike. Those Interested in the matter
were in waiting all day for word to pro
ceed with the programme as outlined at
the conference of Amalgamated -execu
tives and the conciliatory committee of
the Civic Federation last Friday.
The propositions which are to be taken
to New York carry certain conditions by
the Amalgamated Association which it is
hoped will pave the way for the reopening
of direct negotiations between the asso
ciation and the company. The proposition
carries . much of the terms under which
President Shaffer and his advisers stand
willing to settle. !
What these terms are and the mode of
their presentation are carefully guarded
secrets. There ' is alone the Implication
that they contain concessions of such im
portance that those in interest expect the
corporation to drop its adverse attitude
and reopen negotiations.
The proposal contains nothing: looking
to arbitration. This mode of settlement
was waived on the. ad vice of the Civic
Federation men.
While the conferees were discussing"
plans the Amalgamated men were shown
the impracticability of sympathetic
strikes by the miners and other organized
men affiliated with the American Federa
tion of Labor.
Further Peace Proposals.
Everything at McKeesport is reported
quiet. Pickets are around the Demmler
tin plate mill in large- numbers, but they
are orderly and are determined to be on
hand all night, as they believed an at
tempt would be made to start the plant
in the morning. While the fires are light
ed-and the mill apparently * in' readiness
for~a-start, the officials will not say just
when the attempt will be made.'
" When the strikers were told of the
claims of- the ¦officials of the' Star, mills
they denied that there were as many
skilled men at work as was claimed, and
said those who were In the plant were
sent there from the Monessen plant,
which was being crippled in order to ac
complish this work. Strenuous denials
were also made regarding alleged deser
tions from the Amalgamated ranks to fill
the positions offered •fey the corporation,
and it was said that it would.be impossi
ble to' obtain men enough to operate * the
. plant without settllpg ,the strike. .^ , ¦-.' —
' Therd was no change j In the 61 tuatlon
regarding the tube mills to-day. Former
employes remained away from the plants.
It Is understood that the officials of the
National Tube Company . have practically
determined not to start these plants for
the present.
Outside of the Star plant to-day a large
number of strikers were on picket duty,
They were quiet and orderly but had theii
eyes and ears open for any signs of new
comers, p The peculiar ' feature - of th«
strike about the Star plant is the goo<3
feeling displayed between the strikers and
the manager of the plant.
this morning. J..R. Phlllpps of the com
pany accompanied them to the mill, and
It was not until after they, were In and
comfortably .settled for the night that
the strikers discovered their presence.
Those men are of the best In the trade
and will enable us to move -the plant on
a better basis than before."
"We received eight skilled men earl
With the completion of these improve
ments the company will be prepared to
place a sufficient number of men in the"
plant to work the four double mills, three
full turns. This is said to be expected to
take place during the present week. Be
fore SaturdaV, according to Superintend
ent Piper of the Star mills, the plant will
be operated to its full extent. Referring
to the present .condition of the mills Mr.
Piper said:
Skilled Workmen Smuggled In.
The mo3t interesting situation Is in the
Star, mill of the American Tinplate Com
pany here. This plant was until this sum
mer considered as doomed. The Tin Plate
Company had, it is said, decided to aban
don the mill and move the machinery
elsewhere. Since; the strike has come
upon them, and it was demonstrated that
the operation of the mill with non-union
men was possible under the protection of
a well equipped police force, the officials
decided to keep this mill going, make ex
tensive improvements . in -Its equipment
and make it a permanent fixture of the
company. The most significant feature of
this plan has been carried out during the
past week. This consists of fitting the
mill In the same manner as that of the
Monessen,- Pa., plant. The former eight
mills have been changed to four double
mills. Other improvements have been
added that will give the plant a larger
capacity, increase its force of men and
make it one of the most modern of all
the tin plants of the country. <
PITTSBURG, Aug. 25.— Some remark
able changes in the condition of the strike
ridden mills of the United States Ste»el
Corporation are promised for the present
week that will alter the aspect of affairs
considerably if carried out. It was said
on good authority to-day that before the
end of the. week those plants that have
been operating on single turn would be
run will full force and for the usual three
full turns each day. . Men enough have
been engaged for this purpose, the offi
cials say, in spite of the claims of the
strikers that the companies could not get
enough men to operate their , plants, and
the managers .of the -various mills say
they will be ready with air the skilled men
required to start up the machinery and
turn out a heavy tonnage.
by the End of the Pres
ent Week.
Plants Will Be in Operation
DEAD WOOD, S. D., Aug. 25.— W. H.
Ward, who is charged" with the murder of
the Shepherd brothers at Pluma, was cap
tured near Devil's Tower, across the
Wyoming line. Ward agreed to return
without requisition papers.: He will be
tried for the murder • of three men.
Capture of an Alleged Murderer.
. CHICAGO, Aug. 23. — The only visible
result of the mass meeting of * trades
unionists and sympathizers held in South
Chicago to-day was the declaration of one
skilled worker, that he would not again
enter the mill until the strike was settled.
The steel workers, whom the meeting was
designed- to report, were not present in
appreciable- numbers.
Assistant Scretary Tighe of the Amal
gamated Association was the principal
speaker and denounced former members
of the association in South Chicago, "for
deserting their union under the guise of
living up to a contract." . , •
Tighe contends that the contract of the
steel workers has been rendered nugatory
by the encroachments of the steel trust,
and that it was the duty of the Chicago
steel workers to join their fellow unionists
in the East, in a battle where, he said,
the very existence of the Amalgamated
Association was at stake.-
Assistant Secretary Tighe Arraigns
. ,. South Chicago Steel-Workers.
DOVER, Ens., Aug. 25.— Mr. Hol
bein, who yesterday, the anniver
sary of Captain Webb's swim
from Dover to . Calais, started
from Cape Gris-Nez (between
Boulogne-Sur-Mer and Calais) in an at
tempt to swim to Dover, narrowly es
caped drowning. He covered the course
to a point within six miles of Dover and
then collapsed after having been in the
water twelve hours and forty-six min
utes. ¦ ¦ ¦ . '¦
The tug which accompanied him took
him from the water and brought him. to
Dover this morning. He was carried to
a hotel in a semi-conscious, precarious
state, and subsequently, on the advice of
his medical attendants, was removed to
a- hospital, where he lay for some time in
a serious condition. It was found that h*s
eyesight had been badly affected by the
DENOUNCED FOR DESERTION.
Instructions to Holbein were shouted
through a megaphone, and powerful
acetylene lamps were lighted to guide
him. At the end of the sixth hour he was
swimming well, but he began to complain
of an injury to his left hip, sustained on
His exploit was very remarkable, con
sidering the roughness of the sea, and
has established a record. He found it
impossible to take solid food and sub
sisted mainly on raw eggs. He also took
hot milk from a feeding bottle. He swam
with a powerful stroke, alternately on
his -back and on his breast, making a
good pace. The first six miles from Cape
Gris-Nez were covered in two hours and
rtwenty-flve minutes. Much of the time
he swam with his eyes closed, owing to
the irritating effects of the salt water.
salt water. To-night, however, he had
recovered and announced his intention to
renew the attempt.
After 11 o'clock he was once lost for
five minutes, a big wave having swept
over him. He kept going steadily, but
during the tenth and eleventh hours a
westerly tide drifted him much out of his
course and It was evident that the heavy
seas were having a bad effect.
During the twelfth hour his stroka
weakened considerably, and he seemed
unable to grasp the directions given him.
Twice he turned completely around.
At 4:20 a. m. it was decided to take him
out of the -water. He was turning like a
top. and hopelessly blind.
Allowing for his zigzag course, it is es
timated that he swam sixteen m!?C3.
When he was taken from the* water Dover
was about five miles north-northeast. His
next attempt he promises to make next
year.
the rocks at Cape Gris-Nez, but not men
tioned before.
Steel Trust Claims to
Have Sufficiency of
• Men.
Holbein Collapses After Having Been in the Water
Twelve * and Three=Quarter Hours.
In . th« ranks of th© Democrats mean
while there is great activity. The Demo
crats are considerably in the minority,
but with the almost certain prospects of
a four-cornered fight they are hoping Jt or
victory. The only Democrat who has thus
far announced his candidacy is James H.
Devine. He is a present City Trustee,
and, although his ward is Republican, it
returns him to the municipal board tim«
after time. Devine is . considerable of a
Four Candidates Will Try for the Honor and Bitter
Battle Is Expected at the Capital.
MILLS TO RUN
ON FULL TIME
ALMOST DROWNS IN ATTEMPT
TO SWIM ENGLISH CHANNEL
BRISK SCRIMMAGE IN SIGHT
FOR SACRAMENTO'S MAYORALTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL:, MONDAY, AUGUST 26, 1901.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 25.— Th© polit
ical parties have filed th© neces
sary petitions for the approaching
primary election and the various
factions have entered upon the
Mayoralty battle in earnest. Interest just
now centers upon the probable line of ac
tion of the present Mayor, George H.
<*!ark.
CHICAGO. Aug. 25.— Major General
MacArthur will leave Washington on
Wednesday to report to the War Depart
ment. He expects to stop at Canton to
pay. his respects to President McKlnley.
On September 11 he will return to his
home In Milwaukee. Seventeen members
of General MacArthur's old regiment, the
Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Volunteers,
paid their respects to their former com
mander this afternoon at his hotel. It was
their first meeting with General MacAr
thur since the close of the civil war in
1865.
3
JV ANHEUSER-BUSCKS
Food DrinK
f^^iPife*^6v * s eas^y assimilated
r^r\ 7^7"^ by the weakest stom-
ach. Enriches the blood, increases its
nourishing power. Good for ill, convales-
cent and well. All can use it with benefit.
« ¦ ¦¦"••¦*,
Sold by druggists. The superb product of the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'ii
St. Louis, U. S..A.
Brewers of the Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black & Tan and Exquisite. ' .-.;:.,!.-:.
Oiinr. overproduction sal©
: | \ of sai|ts 9 top coats aed £ j
parts eedls this week \
The general inactivity in business led^us to believe th it our workshops j
I had produced more than we could sell. We accordingly started a sale to dis-
pose of goods regardless of prof its. j
We have relieved the pressure— the sales in the past three week > hive
enabled us to keep ahead of our workshops. We have disposed of considerable
clothing— the store has been well crowded right along. But, why shouldn't i ?
When we deliberately reduce good, up-to-date clothing and guarantee it with ;
a money-back proposition the public is quick to take advantage of such values. :
Since the sales have been so extensive and the stock has been materially
reduced the sale will end nex 1 Sa'urday night at n o'clock. Until then you can
get good, all-wool *uits at ST.85 which were $12 50 and $15.00; well-made
j top coats at $6.45 which were #10.00; durable trousers at $1.85 which |
were $$.00. They are union-made clothes from our own workshops. \
j If you don't think ihit the clothes are worth their former prices (not
speaking of the present price) you can have your money back without a
murmur on our part. ' i
Remember, the sale ends next Saturday night. j
Box Coats Pants j
I $7.85 ¦¦¦•', $6.45 $1.(85
The Three=Days r Special in Boys' Suits j
. Last 'Friday/ we announced a three days' sale of boys' suits for Friday,
Saturday and to-day, Monday. This is the third and last day of the sale. Come
to-dav and Jake advantage of this special a: $1.35. The odds.and ends sale a*
$2.55 will continue throughout the week. . : j\
The special three-day-sale suits 'are sail- The odds and ends are collected from
ors and vestees in a good assortment of pat- various lines in the children's department.
terns - - .' They comprise sailors, vestees, norfolks,
I %\ .The sailors are for boys from 3 to-io Rllssian blouses and two-piece suits which
years of age and the vestees for boys from 3 ,j g£ w {
to 8 years old; the price for to-day will be /. .^ *°- 11ICie oaa3
I - • ¦ and ends are being closed out at
I 3>i.33 . $2.55
. I Boys' bosom front shirt waists, $1.00 _ f
ezrh ¦ '----* -v---'.--..'^ '"<;.&' Boys heavy natural wool underwear,
Boys' fine madras shirts, $1.00 each. 3> I .UU a «suit. ¦
Our entire stock of boys' straw hats, - Bo > rs ' gplf 'caps, 'extra value, 25c each..
formerly selling from 75c. to $2.00, is being Boys' extra heavy double-knee hosiery,
closed out at 45c each. 25c pair. - ;j
: A . glanc9 at our. ' f\ ' T A/vv t^^ - : : -frr% Out- cf - town or- |
windows iwill ; al- t«^. J^l # %/©/ 1 ¦ ¦ ¦ 1 B P* $ 4T%i ders filled -write j
! ways prove inter- lyk, « « / « 0 1 m /Vl H H 1)* us for anything: in j
I estirigr, whether youv^B^ f ~ m m ¦^__*"^- r^^ :^J/ W \ m j men's or boys' cloth- ,'
I need clothes, hats •* ;• . ' « **** ing, furnishings or j;
; or furnishings. , "718 Market Street. hats. IMONDAY AUGUST 26, 1901
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Addreii All Cematuleatitu to W. 8. LEAKS. Manager. _.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. ...... -Telephone Press 2O4
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE... Blarket and Third, S..P.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. .. ..217 to 221 Stevenson St.
.-•.-• Telephone Press 202.
Delivered Ity Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by .Mail. Including Postaeet
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months *. 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 65c
6UXDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year > 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Injure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROG\ESS.
Jfttifer rereign Atrertisi&K, Karfoette Building. Chinj}.
(Long: Dffct&ace Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH .30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
8:30 o'clock, 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, op^n until 8 o'clock. 109« Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
22C0 FHlmore. open until 9. a. m.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. ' • *j
After a long repose the . Populists of Iowa have
popped up again, but no one knows who pressed the
¦button. , . ¦ , .
rfi° H wn, A^°^ NT Coronado Beach.
Cal.. will be the popular summer resort thii
season. It became famous last year for com
fort, entertainment and health. Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the fiahins unexeceUed.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
The city authorities of Buenos Ayres have decided
that all the street corners shall be rounded so that
there will be no longer any sharp turns, and the idea
is so- sensible that, it is not strange no one ever
thought of it before.
The title "Progressive" Democracy" has been taken
by a combination. which if given its full name would
be called a "Demo-Populistic-Silverado-Republicario-
Bryanite aggregation/Tand its emblem would, be a
donkey posing as a bird. V
The scarcity of platinum la beginning to
cause some concern among the electrical
manufacturers of the country. For about
five years the price of this valuable metal
has steadily risen, until to-day it is listed
at a higher price than ever since its dis
covery, and every indication points to still
higher prices. Platinum I3 now quoted at
about $36 an ounce, about twice the quo
tation of gold, while five years apo it sold
as low as $5 an ounce. Since the flooding
of the * platinum mines in the Transvaal,
which occurred after the breaking out of
the Boer war, manufacturers have had to
rely on Siberia fcr their supply of the
valuable metal. Some little hope was
held out that platinum would be found in
Alaska and other northern mining coun
tries, but no such discoveries have been
made. ;.. .
PLATINUM IS SCARCE.
The rank and file of Tammany are said to be fu
rious over Croker's lordly ways and residence in
England, but all the" same it is. safe betting they will
vote the Tammany ticket as usual. A fury against
a boss does not imply any particular desire for good
government:";..
The truth. might partly be found in the
fact that. the big stores are not getting as
much American money as in previous sea
sons.,. Visitors; from the United States
seem to have grown wise as to the exor
bitant tactics of the swell London shop
keepers, and refuse to be swindled.
"American l shoppers, however, have a
warm champion in "Dagonet" (George R.
Sims), who in the Referee says the fault
is; that the British shopkeepers are not
educated to American methods. With
tact," he says,' they, could | do more busi
ness with an American in half an hour
than. with an Englishman in half a year.
¦ Some of the stories j told in .the papers
read like old jokes from American Jour
nals. ¦'.. The "spool of cotton" and "postage
stamp" yarns ' are dug up and given as
actual happenings in Oxford street. ¦
It is charged that the valuable time of
high-priced salesmen is thus wasted, and
that many of the Bond-street and Regent
street stores have lost much of their best
English custom because of the unprofit
able exactions of American women.
Its appearance led to investigations by
the newspapers, which are filled with
amusing comments on what is called the
"gall" of American shoppers, who, it is
alleged, spend hours in the great stores
examining and pricing everything, but
buying nothing. ,
The Czar is to have a talk with the Kaiser, and
later on he is to go to France, and if he manages to
get home again leaving everything serene behind him
his courtiers will tell him he is the greatest diplo
matist . of the age. It is probable, however, he will
never say a word about that Peace Congress that he
thought so much of at one time.
The following placard is exposed in an
Oxford-street store, London:
SHOPPING IN I/ONDON.
The Virginia constitutional convention has under
consideration a clause providing that when a divorce
is granted for cruelty or for any other act which is a
violation^ of law it shall be the duty of the proper
authorities - to . prosecute the alleged offender in a
criminal court. It is believed the clause would have
the effect of putting an end to a good deal of false
swearing in the way of getting divorces.
¦ An English entomologist. William Wat
kins, was the first to raise butterflies on a
large scale. For a dozen years the estab
lishment which he founded for this pur
pose has furnished millions and millions
of insects to private collectors, and' Mr.
Watkins himself has established at the
Zoological Garden of London a very inter
esting entomologic station, where may be
found the most beautiful butterflies of tho
entire world.-
The butterfly farm of Eastbourne, near
the southern coast of England and in a
place well sheltered from winds, covers
an area of 4000 square metres. It Is a ger
den filled with flowers and rare trees and
surrounded by a very high trellis, and
here flutter at liberty many thousands of,
butterflies of various species.
From all the countries of the world the
farm receives eggs, which are submitted
to a special mode of Incubation. Then the
caterpillars, issuing from these eggs, re
ceive nourishment suitable to their evolu-
tion. A certain number of the most per
fect insects are preserved as reproducers
while, the others are .asphyxiated and
mounted.
Some of the rarer Insects fetch enor
mous prices.
A BUTTERFLY FARM.
Haley Fiske Is at the head of the pleas
ure party which is touring the Pacific
Coast. The party halls from New York
and is located at the Palace. It includes:
Mrs. Fiske, Miss Flske. George B. "Wood
ward, Bennett Woodward, A. S. Knight,
M. D., and A. T. C. Fiske.
Thomas B. McGovern, a prominent busi
ness man of New York, and head of the
Salmon Packers' trust, is at the Califor
nia.
Dr. H. L Samuels and wife of Winne
mucca, Nevada, are among the arrivals
at the Grand.', .
L. ' Grothwell, a real estate dealer of
Stockton, is at the California for a brief
stay.
Dr. C. B. Cooper of Honolulu is at the
Occidental.
H. H. Forney, a Sacramento attorney, is
a guest at the Grand.
R. H. Herron, an oil dealer of Los An
geles, is at the Palace. . '
j J. W. Bowen, a business man- of Los
Angeles; is registered at the Occidental.
"No, mamma, he did not." If the fond
parent had said »li ps " i nst ead of "stee
ply*-™ S tr ° Ubled Marla Jane to «-
"Maria Jane." said a fond mother the
other morning to her daughter, "did Dan
le / j J t °,!l nson klss > ou <>n the steps lasi
"I said exertion, sah. Dat's de ch-n,,^
perzackly. .She .done exert hejself Con
tinually to make me mizzable. sah Put
it on de ground ob exertion, sah. 1 •-Detroit
Free Press. • \ . ¦*;.- ¦ Detroit
"Exertion, sah." ¦ V^
"You mean desertion. I suppose. Your
wife has left you, doubtless."
"No, sah, she hasn't left me sah "
"Then you can't ask for a divorce nr,
the ground of desertion." auorc e on
And on what ground do you base your
application for divorce?" asked the lawvor
of his new client. * er
Harris— He probably meant that he was
out of debts that he had got to pay IbTs
ton Transcript. -
Harris— I saw Bulger just now. He savs
la e st WaS S ° tHat he T? 3 ° Ut ° f debt at
of debt! Why, he owes me
Browne—I don't see any occasion for
Spongers joy if they're really partlcu
lar.-Philadelphla Press. P u
Towne— Over the thought that he's got
some particular friends residing In Buf-
IfllOa
Browne— What about?
Towne— Sponger's in high feather lust
now. J .
Minnie— So you are really going to
marry Fred? Did he tell you you were
the only woman he ever loved?
Esther-No; he told me that I was the
only woman he never told that to—Bos
ton Transcript. ¦>£•;¦*"'
No, he lsn t sick. His sister, who goes
to the Woman's College, borrowed his
clothes to wear at a play, and he has to
stay home."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Is he sick?"
Poor Bertie.-"No, boys, Bertie can't
come out this afternoon."
Mrs. Stanford Hoyle— I'll take a pound
of pink tea. I hear that's the most stylish
now. — Chicago Times.
Mr. Sugar N. Sand (grocer)— Teas? Yes.
ma'am. What kind do you prefer black
or green.
Mrs. A.— Are you troubled much in your
neighborhood with borrowing?
Mrs. B. (innocently)— Tes, a good deal.
My neighbors don't seem to have any
thing I want.— Montreal Star.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
With such reports coming from Russia it is pleas
ing to learn that the Indian situation is much im
proved. Just before Parliament adjourned Lord
George Hamilton, Secretary for India, presented the
financial statement of that portion of the empire, and
in doing so stated that in spite of three years of fam
ine and acute depression in the three agricultural
staples, tea, indigo and cotton, he was able to pre
sent the most favorable balance-sheet since India
came under the crown. The relief expenditures for
three years totaled £15,000,000, but the same period
showed a surplus of. £6.377,000. The season's rains,
though below normal, have been sufficient for agri
cultural purposes. . Th-* crop outlook is fair, and there
is a prospect of a material reduction in the relief ex
penditure^ 4 ¦¦: '¦'.£ :•';
There seems no reason v to doubt that there is
produced every year an ample supply of food for the
whole human. race if only it could be properly . and
economically distributed. Means to that end are
It is the lack of transportation which makes. the
situation so appalling. Russia, is so large a country
that there are always some portions of Her territory
that have good crops. It has, however, happened in
the past that while the provinces near the sea have
had wheat to ship to other lands, thousands of people
in the interior were dying for lack of the food that
was being sent out of the country.
It will be seen that the severity of this extraor
dinary summer which blighted the fields of our. East
ern States was as nothing in comparison to that
which has been experienced by the Russian farmer.
Moreover, in the United States there were such
abundant harvests in the States that were * not af
fected by the hot wave, and the means of transporta
tion are so abundant, that in this country there was
no suggestion of famine .or even of temporary dis
tress among any considerable number of people. The
Russians, however, are said to face a condition which
will mean starvation for thousands. It is true the
Siberian wheat crop is reported good, but it will be
difficult to get the grain to the people of the stricken
provinces at prices they can afford to pay, and the
consequence is the Russian Government will have to
enter upon a" sysfem of wholesale relief.
' Advices from Moscow are to the effect that nearly
one-third of all the provinces of European Russia
have been officially declared to have produced an in
sufficient crop of cereals. . In only two provinces out
of seventy have there been really good harvests. The
report goes on to say: "The official 'insufficient'
means utter starvation. The famine-stricken area
exceeds half a million square miles, twice the area
of France and about the same area as that of the
great famine in 1891. The population numbers
43,000,000. The hopes founded on the reports of two
months ago have vanished. The havoc has been
wrought by the intense heat and entire absence -of
rain when needed. Afterward there were torrential
downpours and hailstorms. The appearance of in
numerable pests is completing the destruction. As
the harvest is now in progress, these are final re
ports."
BETWEEN Russia and India there seems to be
something in the way of a regular alternation
of famine years. When there are good sea
sons in the one there are bad seasons in the other. In
dia has just gone through-a period of direful famine,
and now that she is recovering there come reports
that over large parts of Russia there is likely to be
this year a distress that will be almost as serious.
/ ANOTHER FAMINE -IN SIGHT.
In our local markets conditions remain unchanged.
The leading feature i< the sharp and continuous de
mand for many lines of fruits and vegetables to sup
ply the shortage in the West and Southwest. The
demand for potatoes lias been enormous, while that
for dried fruits has been the largest for years, and
shows no signs of lessening. This is a great year Tor
California products of almost all descriptions, and
irade is feeling the beneficial effects thereof. Wine
and wine grapes are opening the new season at high
prices, with a first-class demand. Provisions rule
firm, and the movement is sufficient to keep stocks
down to a moderate point. >Wherever one turns he
finds the same reports of an active demand for most
kinds of merchandise, with prices firm, credits exr
cellent and collections easy, except in certain city
districts, where the strike, by throwing many workers
out of employment, has more or less affected the re
tail trade. But on ihe whole the city is doing its
usual business.
All these favorable conditions affect the country's
bank clearings, which showed a gain of 34.7 per cent
last week over the corresponding week last year, Min
neapolis and St. Paul being the only. important cities
to report a decrease. The failures were more numer
ous than last year, being 205, against 171, but they
were small and without especial significance. Wall
street continued dull and featureless, trading being
narrow and mainly confined to the professionals, as
the public are not much in the market at present.
There is no pressure to sell, however, and in fact
offerings of good securities are light, while there is a
steady dcmarftl for sound dividend-paying stocks and
bonds. Operators have generally abandoned the bear
side of thr market and are "going long," especially
on railroad shares, as the damage to the crops in the
West and Southwest has been discounted and the
railroads continue to report large earnings:
The leading staples are all firm as a rule. Raw
wool is buoyant, with manufacturers buying and the
dip pretty well cleaned out of first hands. Woolen
goods sympathize, and the mills are fully employed
on fall orders, while liberal engagements are being
booked for the spring trade. Cotton fabrics are
steady, though the first-hand market is not active.
The iron and steel trades, notwithstanding the strike,
arc reported in good shape, and at some points, no
tably Chicago, the jobbers are said to have more or
ders than they can fill. Lumber is firm, and stocks
arc kept down to moderate proportions by a steady
building demand. Leather is firm, and exceptional
activity is reported among the boot and shoe facto
ries, the latter bidding fair to continue for. some
months yet. A good feature of this trade is that very
small summer stocks will be carried over. Wheat
has eased off during the week, largely in sympathy
with a weaker corn market, though the exports from
the United States have been very large. An improved
export demand for corn is springing up, owing to
decreasing shipments to Europe from the Argentine.
THE end of the long period of prosperity has not
yet appeared on the commercial horizon. All
business advices report the same large distribu
tion of merchandise, the same firmness in prices and
the same confidence which have prevailed with
scarcely an interruption for several years. Even the
.West and Southwest, which have been lately known
as the "drought-stricken" sections, are reporting busi
ness better and the condition of the late crops con
siderably improved. Some points report the jobbing
trade even better than a year ago. The South is re
porting business better and the cotton market firmer,
though the latter is a negative improvement, being
largely due to damage to the crop. The East re
ports the distributive trade fully up to this time in
1900. A large wheat crop in the Northwest gives
advices from that region a rosy tinge. As for the
Pacific Coast, reports from this section could hardly
TRADE STILL ROSY.
The steamer Celtic, which recently crossed the At
lantic on her maiden voyage, is said*to have been
constructed not for speed but for comfort. The quar
ters for steerage passengers are as commodious as
those which were provided for cabin passengers
twenty-five years ago. Her owners, went upon the
theory that most travelers are not in a hurry to cross
the ocean, so long as they are having a good time on
the way, arid it is quite likely they are correct.
VEGETABLES.
August, 1901. August, 1900.
Potatoes $115 a bushel ...40 cents a bushel.
California potatoes.. 35 a bushel 60 cents a bushel.
Sweet corn 60 cents a sack 25 cents a sack.
Peas $150 a sack..." 25 cents a sack.
Beets .?150 a hundred 25 cents a hundred.
Radishes....' $150 a hundred .25 cents a hundred.
Canteloupes .75 cents a basket 35 cents a basket.
String beans $2 a sack 25 cents a sack.
Lettuce : v7 $2 a barrel 25 cents a barrel.
Cabbage $8 a hundred $1 a hundred.
Carrots *. $150 a hundred 2a cents a hundred.
Onions ..$125 a sack 35 cents a sack.
Tomatoes.... .$2 50 a bushel ....65 cents a bushel.
Cucumbers 25 cents a dozen .......4 cents a dozen.
Cucumber pickles .$1 a bushel.... '. ..35 cents a bushel.
Parsley ....$1 65 a barrel i.25 cents a- barrel. -
.MEATS.. . V*- ¦•*-.,:./;-»-'-.¦- -'.'
Beef ribs.... ....... 15*£ cents a pound i-.'Awi cents a pound.
Beef loin... 16 cents a pound....... ;.12 cents a pound.
Pork loins........ : 9 cents a pound J.S cents a pound.
Dressed chickens .....15 cents a pound... £% cents a pound.
BUTTER, EGGS AND CHEESE.
Eggs. 16 cents a dozen w 13 cents a dozen.
Butter: .21 cents a pound ..'. J9 cents a pound.
Brick cheese ' 11 cents a pound .9 cents a pound.
FRTJITS.
Apples $3 a barrel ...$l a barrel.
Peaches 30 cents a basket 15 cents a basket. '
Blackberries $2 a crate... .70 cents a crate.
Grapes 35 cents a box 18 cents a box.
Plums $1 65 a box 85 cents a box.
Oranges . & a box : $3 50 a box.
Bananas $135 a bunch .$1 a bunch.
Prunes '. 6 cents a pound .2 cents a pound.
Cost of Meats, Vegetables, Fruits and Dairy Products Much
Greater Than a Year Ago. ,
PEOPLE OF CHICAGO PAY
HIGHER PRICES FOR THEIR FOOD
FOR .three years in succession Lady Constance : Mackenzie ¦ has carried off
the Ladies' Challenge Shield of the London Bath Club, a feat which rivets
-her claim to the title of the champion swimmer among the women of Great
Britain. Her cousin. Miss Chaplin, was second in the last contest, which
took place recently In London. Lady Constance is a very fine gymnast, as
well as swimmer, and it would, according to the Tatler, "be hard to find a pret
tier sight than when, dressed in her green swimming maillot and tartan waist
ribbon, she passes along the line of swinging rings which are suspended above
the water" of the Bath Club's tanks. Lady Constance Mackenzie is a daughter
of the late Lord Cromartie.
Here's hoping that Owen McCarty was never
caught', but that he lived to be. a soldier in 1776 as a
free man. As for the Baltimore American, we can
only congratulate it on its vigorous old age, and say
with sincerity that we have been so well satisfied with
its first issue we trust the people of Maryland will
never see the last.
Altogether, the first issue of the Maryland Journal
and Baltimore Advertiser was an interesting one,
even if it did have very little in the way of live news
except the snake story and an advertisement an
nouncing: "Ten pounds reward— Ran away on the
6th of July last from the subscriber, an Irish servant
man named Owen McCarty,, about" 45 years old.
* * * He was a soldier in some part of America
about the time of Braddock's defeat and can give a
good description of the country."
The most interesting feature of the paper is an an
nouncement by George Washington of Mount Ver
non that he. had patented 20,000 acres of land on the
Ohio and the Great Kanawha and was prepared to
subdivide it and let it in tracts to suit tenants. Wash
ington was a good real estate boomer, for he did not
hesitate to pay for space enough to describe the lands
and say: "It is needless to premise that none can ex
cel them in luxuriance of soil or convenience of situ
ation, all of them lying upon the banks of either the
Ohio or Kanawha, and abounding with fine fish and
wild fowl of various kinds, as also in most excellent
meadows." . ,
There must have been lots of local news in and
around Baltimore in the stirring times of 1773, but
the editor did not pay much attention to it. It is
true he gave space to the item: "A few weeks ago a
large rattlesnake was killed on a gentleman's planta
tion in the neighborhood of this town, in the belly of
which was found three middle-size rabbits. The snake
had ten rattles and was supposed to be about 13 years
old." It is to be noted, however, that the incident
occurred some weeks before it was published, and be
sides it was a snake story, so it*can hardly be taken
as an evidence that the editor cared anything about
local news pr was trying to run a sensational sheet.
The rest of his paper is taken up with essays, pleasing
anecdotes, a few advertisements and a long '_ address
from the Bishop of C. to the Earl of Bellamont on
the sin of dueling.
Evidently the "entrance money" was forthcoming,,
for the race was started and the paper ha? been in it
and up with the leaders ever since.
As for the policy of the paper, it is announced: "I
shall always publish with pleasure whatever is sent
me in favour of Liberty and the Rights of Mankind,
provided the Language be decent and compatible with
good government, but I am resolved that my Paper
shall be Free and of No Party." Finally he says:
"Haying entered upon a very arduous and expensive
undertaking, I must now earnestly entreat the imme
diate assistance of every subscriber in advancing the
entrance money, agreeable to contract."
The paper at its beginning took to itself the title,
"Maryland Journal and Baltimore Advertiser." The
salutatory does not announce that the paper was
started to fill a long-felt want, but the editor did say
that he made the venture by reason .of "encourage
ment" received from "many gentlemen." He sets
forth with the emphasis of italics the difficulties that
confronted him. In the first place it was not easy to
obtain "a proper assortment of printing materials and
an adequate number of subscribers to defray the
charge of printing." In the next place it was diffi
cult to get news, for, as he said: "It is impracticable
to print such a paper as would suit this part of the
country without establishing a Rider from Baltimore
to Philadelphia to set out from the last-mentioned
pleace early on Monday morning and arrive jiere on
Tuesday evening." Not being able at the time to
provide for that expeditious news service, he started
his paper with a promise to his patrons that he would
supply them with live news ahead of the King's post
as soon as he received a support that justified the
expense.
s~\ UR esteemed contemporary,, the Baltimore
I 1 American, was born twenty-seven- years be-
S fore the close of the eighteenth century, lived
and prospered through the nineteenth and is still vig
orous. .Recently, by way . of 'celebrating its 128th
birthday, itpublished the story of its career, together
with a fac-simile of the first issue, which appeared
August. 20/ 1773. ¦'¦]¦ '- : ;(,
g IN THE DAYS OF OLD.
Since, the British have' long pretended to believe
that Dewet is crazy they will probably not be sur
prised if he pays no attention to Kitchener's procla
mation calling upon him to come in and surrender
before the .middle of next month.'
A writer In the "Berliner Tageblatt points
out the great advantage which the Italian
navy possesses in speed, especially in the
battleships Sardegna and Margherita
class, over the majority of the ships of
foreign navies. The average speed of
Italian ships Is 20 knots, against that of
IS knots for German ships. This allows
the Italian vessels, even if inferior in
armament, to choose between fighting and
retiring. The critic praises In the highest
terms the inventive and constructive
genius of the officers of the Italian navy,
and ¦ he also points out the weak spots,
which are, briefly, slowness in building,
want of cruising reasonably long periods
under steam and ships lying too long In
port. The necessity for practicing econ
omy is the cause for the tw/> latter draw
backs, through which officers and craw
get too little actual navigation and insuf
ficient gun practice.
• -».•
An Interesting trial with liquid fuel was
made recently on board the Dutch tor
pedo-boat Ophlr with a view of testing
Holden's system of oil-burning. A trial
was first made with coal, which gave &
speed of 24'^ knots over a long course.
Then the oil burners were started In addi
tion to the coal, the consumption of which
latter remained constant, and with the
oil and coal together the speed rose to
2<% knots. The coal burned, throughout
the trial was at the rate of 2S00 pounds
per hour and the quantity of oil used was
700 pounds per hour. The Ophlr has two
boilers of equal size, and a further trial
was made at slow speed, using one boiler
with oil, when a speed of 14 knots was
attained with a consumption of- 500 pounds
of oil per hour. The liquid fuel used was
Borneo oil.
The firm of Vickers' Sons & Maxim at
Barrow-in-Furness has come to the front
as one of the most important ship yards
In the world. In 1897. when the yard
passed into the hands of the present firm,
the number of men employed was 5400;
there are now 10,500, and the weekly
wage3 amount to $82,500. The navy work
on hand comprises two battleshlps./threa
first class protected cruisers and five sub
marine boats, and several merchant
steamers are also being built. In the gun -
mounting 1 department mountings for six
battleships and twelve cruisers, fitted
with 12-inch, P.2-inch and 6-inch twin
/nounts. are being made, besides twenty
nine sets of mounts for the 9.2-inch guns
at Dover. The value of work In hand is
approximately $22,500,000.
Austria Is building three coast defense
ships of 8200 tons, one of which, the Ar
pad, is to be launched September 11 at
Trieste. They will carry batteries of
three 9.4-inch, twelve 6-lnch qulck-flrer3
and twenty-fcur smaller rapid-firing
guns. Their armor protection is of 8.6
inch Harveyized steel and a protective
deck 2% inches thick. The horsepower i3
11,900, to give a speed of 1SY 2 knots, and
the coal capacity of SCO tons is sufficient
for 3600 miles at 10 knots. The second ship
of this class and type is named the Haps
burg, and will be launched before the end
of the year, while the third, not yet
named, has just been begun.
The Montapet water-tube boiler is the
latest type of steam generators tried in
France. At a private test the rapidity
was shown by which the boiler tubes
could be removed and replaced. After a
four hours' trial the fires were drawn and
the boiler emptied, when the selected tube
was withdrawn and a new one Inserted.
The time occupied was about forty min
utes, although the practical work of re-,
placement required was less than ten
minutes. After the boiler was cold thirty
two tubes were taken out In one hour and
twenty minutes and were found straight
and in good condition.
-A submarine boat is under construction
at Cronstadt. It is said to be on the plans
of Lieutenant Kolbassieff, built under the
direction of Xaval Constructor Koutelni
koff. Great secrecy is observed and the
statements made in Russian papers con
cerning the wonderful performance antici
pated are mere guesswork, it being as
serted that the boat is to make a speed
of thirty-six to forty-five miles an hour.
The French naval budget for 1901-02 pro
vides for an increase of 367 line officers
and midshipmen. A new rank, that of
lieutenant commander, is established,
with 150 in that grade. Lieutenants arc
increased from 754 to 870 and ensigns and
midshipmen from 599 to 700. The total
will be 2105, against 1738 last year. The
engineer corps Is also Increased from 027
to 494.
A floating pontoon dock has just' been
built by Stephenson & Co. at Hepbum
on-Tyne for the Spanish Government arnl
has been towed to Port Mahon, Minorca.
It is capable of lifting a ship weighing
12,000 tons and is 450 feet in length and
will admit a breadth of beam of 73 feet.
It was originally intended for the navy
arsenal at Olongapo in the Philippines.
A French torpedo-boat, named Mistral,
made a successful trial August 1, attain
ing a speed of 28.10 knots. She la of KiJ
tons displacement and 4200 horsepower,
13 tons less tonnage but 1200 greater horse
power than six boats in the United State3
navy calculated to make 26 knots.
The Czar owes it to his fame to have at least some
sort of a case brought before the cou-t. If he cannot
bring in one from the outside he should make one
out of his own various disputes. The world wishes
the High Court to do business. There is, a desire
to see it in solemn session and in operation. If it do
not soon accomplish something to gain the respect of
mankind St. Louis may be tempted to bring it over
as an annex to her exposition and put it in the mid
way.
It is to be feared the nations are going to treat the
High Court with contempt. Up to this time it has
done nothing more important than to meet at The
Hague, organize and dine sumptuously. The dinner
was no doubt good, for The Hague chefs are reputed
to be excellent; but was the great peace tribunal
called into existence with so much ceremony by the
majestic powers of the world merely to discuss a soup
and decide upon the merits of an entree?
All these dangers have for the present passed away,
and no doubt the satisfaction of the statesmen of the
nations is great. It is to be noted, however, that in
this case there has been lost another golden oppor
tunity to give employment to the dignitaries of the
High Court of Arbitration! Why did not France,
the representative of light and civilization, instead
of threatening the Sultan with war, summon him into
court and ask for judgment against him?
Russia's keen interest in Turkey is well known. She
has regarded Constantinople as her legitimate prey
for many years past, in fact ever since the days of
Peter the Great. Of late Germany has taken a large
interest in Turkish affairs.. Her capitalists, her bank
ers and her merchants own extensive railways in Tur
key and ¦ virtually control the trade of the country.
They have recently obtained a concession for a
railway to connect the present system in Asia Minor
with the Persian Gulf. Germany, therefore," could not
have stood aloof had there been anything like a dan
ger of a disruption of the empire of the Sultans. Aus
tria and Great Britain also have interests there, and
would of course have been ready to fight for them.
Europe is to be congratulated upon the peaceable
solution of what threatened to be a very perplexing
problem. The situation is such that a war between
France and Turkey could hardly have progressed far
without bringing on the interference of other powers,
for the war might result in the breaking up of the
Ottoman Empire in Europe, amd when that event
takes place there are several lions and some jackals
that wish to share in the spoils.
ONCE more an Ottoman war cloud, after-rap
idly forming and darkening over Europe,
threatening to involve many nations, has dis
sipated into a thin'mist and passed away.' The Sultan
has yielded to the pressure of France, has consented
that the" French- quay company may exercise its
rights under the original concession without further
opposition from the. Turkish authorities, and has,
moreover, renewed his promise to pay the French
claims. What mist could be thinner than that?
A LOST OPPORTUNITY;'
RUSSIA'S NEW
SUBMARINE TO
BE A MARVEL
being rapidly provided. The British Government has
sent an expert to this country to study our railways
for ttie purpose of devising a system of light railways
to be (Constructed; on an extensive scale- in India, and
the work is to be begun at an early date. 'The Rus
sians will of course improve their railways and canals
as rapidly as they can with their limited means, and
so the famine areas of the world' are being di
minished. ' r .,"*.' '. ¦ ' •¦ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 26;.' 1901.
SWIMS BEST OF ALL
WOMEN IN ENGLAND
LADY . CONSTANCE MACKENZIE, WHO EXCELS AMONG THE ATH
LETICWOMENjOF KING EDWARD'S COUNTRY AS A SWIMMER,
HOLDING THE TITLE OF CHAMPION FOR THREE TEARS.
4
A2H7SEME1TTS.
California— "Rosemary."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Wheels Within Wheels."
Alcazar — "Romeo and Juliet."
Grand Onera-house — "Lord and Lady A'.gy."
Central— "The Two Orphans."
Tivoli— "II Trovatore."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon end
Fischer' s— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
Ringlln? Bros.' Circus — Folsom and Sixteenth streets, next
Monday.
State Fair and Exposition. Sacramento— September 2 to 14.
f 0 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWK FOR TEE SUMEB.
Call ftvbBcrlbers contemplating: a change of
residence daring- the anntmer months can hare
their paper fornardtd by mall to their new
addreun by notif j-injj Tlie Call Bndneii Office.
Thin psficr Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local affent lm
towiit an the eaattt.
AMERICANS
WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE.
That This Place
IS NOT A MUSEUM.
, IT IS
SHOP.It's a wise 'son that doesn't let on he
knows hifi own father,' , - . . *_ ; ,
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Old Virginia's great offering:. . ?
Queensland's principal.' paper currency
treasury notes now all' but supersede the
ordinary bank notes. .
High Chief .Ranger M. Boehm. has an
nounced the following visitations to counts
of the order:- -Cannon City, August 29-
Pueblo, August 30; Colorado Springs'
August 21: Golden, '.September 2; Court
Robin Hood, Denver, September 3; joint
niceting of all the 1 courts of Denver, Sep
tember 3; : Boulder,' September : 5; Central
City; ¦ September 6; Harmon, September
7, and Maid Marlon, Circle, September V
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Deals with San Francisco and Califor
nia as the greatest summer resort in the
world. Finest illustrated magazine in the
West. Send It East. Call at information
bureau for it, or send 10 cents to the pas
senger department of the Southern Pa
cific Company, 4 Montgomery street.
Have You Read the Great Midsum
mer Number of "Sunset"? f
Pn the 21st of August Eureka Lodge of
the Knights of Pythjas gave a soiree to
Its friends in the Pythian , Castle, and
there were many who accepted the invita
tions that were issued. For their enter
tainment there was an overture, Instru
mental selections by the Zara Mandolin
Club, fancy, dances ' by : - Miss Gladys
Cordy, musical specialties by Harry A.
Patten, Thomas F. Eastwood and Julius
W.' Miller, vocal selections and addresses
by Herman Shaffner, G. K. of R. and S.,
and by the chancellor commander of the
lodge. .Then followed a ¦well arranged pro
gramme of dances. James Healing,
Charles Oman, Dr^Nathan Rogers, An
drew Larsen and F. O. : Raabe were the
committee of arrangements, the latter be
ing the floor director. • ¦:¦-¦.- . -¦; ¦:,
Dirigo the . name of the latest lodge
instituted in Oakland. It was organized
by J. R, Sloan. D.D. G. C, with fifty-six
charter members, • and: the- membership
since the institution has already been In
creased to ninety-five. The following are
the officers for the first term : Carl F.
Wood, C. C.; R. D. Holmes, V. C; M.
Bock.P.; CvW.--Muller.--M. of W.; J. S.
Rees, K. of R. and S. ; E. Koertner, M. of
F.; F.-B. Larmer, M. of E.; W. P.'Wil
liamson, . M. • at A. ; E: N-." Myers, O. G. ;
F.'A: Bush, I. G. On the night of the
21st inst. this lodge was paid an official
visit' by Grand t Chancellor L. S. Calkins.
The meeting was held In. the hall of Live
Oak Lodge, and there were present forty
two members who were anxious to receive
instruction from the head of the order.
Knights of Pythias.
White remained in a cell in the prison
for some hours and was then bailed out
by an attorney, who deposited $20 for the
carrying of the concealed weapon and $5
for the disturbance of the peace. ; s..j
The report of the shots caused excite
ment throughout the hotel and messen
gers v.'eio dispatched in hot hasts Tor the
police. Peters was found ( on Kearny
street near Geary and Owens on Now
Montgomery street. They went to the
hotel and after explanations - fhe pro
prietors agreed "to take $5 for damage to
the door and say nothing, more about tho
matter, but White refused to pay and
was taker: 1r- the City Prison.
John White, who gives his occupation
as an architect, was arrested yesterday
morning by Policemen Owens and Peters
at the Grand Hotel and booked at the
City Prison on charges of disturbing the
peace and carrying a concealed weapon.
White had been spending his vacation
in the country and returned Saturday
evening. He engaged a room at the
Grand Hotel and . started In to see the
sights. About 9 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing he rang the bell and* the bellboy was
ordered to bring him a. Scotch "high bal.,"
The boy took the drink to White's room
and that Individual, after swallowing it,
asked the boy to bring his valise to his
bedside. White opened the valise and took
out a huge revolver, which he says he
used for shooting squirrels. He placed
three cartridges in the weapon and to the
boy's amazement fired three, shots in
quick succession through the cross panel
of the door of his room, to show the youth
his marksmanship.
General, Chaffee says he considers the
city of Manila to be perfectly orderly and
he can see no prospect of an uprising.
Commissioner Wright thinks the people
"extremely peaceable." He , Is satisfied
that, although among a certain class there
is some discontent on account of the land
tax, which is not yet understood, this
class is* not likely to foment trouble.
Many army officers say they are grati
fied at the Increase In the military^force
They think that, with the military guard
withdrawn from the prison, another up
rising there might result in the release of
about 1800 prisoners." . This possibility ¦ is
regarded as a menace to the city by those
who take that view of the case, as they
regard the- white guard as insufficient.
Civil officials look upon this contingency
as unlikely, inasmuch' as the 600 white
police could mobilize at the prison before
any of the prisoners could escape and
become dispersed throughout the dis
affected district.
In the city of Manila there are now less
than 1000 effective soldiers and it has been
decided to Increase this number by. four
companies of Infantry. The official rea
son for the increase Is that the guard
duty Is too heavy for the present force.'
As a matter of fact, however, there Is a
feeling that, although there is no appar
ent prospect of trouble, nevertheless, in
the event of an uprising In the future,
such as is always possible among the
Malays, it would be better to have a suf
ficient body of troops available. .
Governor Taft Is expected :to return to
Manila Tuesday, after having appointed
civU officials throughout all Northern
Luzon. . , •
MANILA, Aug. 25.— Word was received
to-day that the insurgent, Colonel Lorel,
with seventeen officers and thirteen men,
surrendered yesterday to Captain Brown
of the Fourth Infantry at Tallsa. The
surrender of numerous other smaller con
tingents last week brings the total to
more than 100.
Additional Troops Sent
to Assist Guard City
of Manila.
John White Creates a
Sensation in the
Grand Hotel.
WILL INCREASE
MILITARY FORCE
BERLIN, Aug. 25:— Emperor, William
has ordered that the late Empress Fred
erick Hussar Regiment shall henceforth
bear the title of Queen Augusta Victoria
Regiment,
Changes Name of Regiment.
FIRES BULLETS
THROUGH DOOR
Denies He Is a Beggar.
The wealthy beggar said that he lived
in the Potrero in San Francisco, where
he had a brother, and that he was nearly
SO years of age.
The police have been complained to sev
eral times of late that an extremely old
man was going about Oakland begging
from door to door, and that when he was
refused alms or whatever he asked for
he became very abusive, frightening
women and children. The police were
trying to locate the old man, and this
morning they received a telephone mes
sage from East Oakland that an old man
was going about begging and denouncing
those who refused him. The sender of
the message, A. L. Jeffries, was asked to
detain the old man until Officer Moore
and the patrol wagon could be sent over.
Policeman Moore brought the old man
back to the prison with him.
The old man was very active physically
and mentally and gave his name and age
quickly. When searched $3 25 in silver
was found in his pockets, and then the
surprises began. First a bank book on
the Columbian Banking Company was
found, showing deposits aggregating
$1150. This rather staggered the police,
for it is not customary to find beggars
with such healthy bank accounts. Then
the United States bonds began to appear.
Three bonds of the denomination of $1000
each, the market value of which is $4140
without counting the interest due, were
taken from the beggar's vest pocket. Al
together the man under arrest on a
charge of begging was found to have
more than $5000 in valuables on his per
son.
OAKLAND, . Aug. 25.— "Thomas
Feeley, aged 80 years; height_ 5
feet 7 inches; native of U. S.;
resident of S. F.; property, 3 $1000
U. S. bonds; bank book contain
ing $1150; silver. $3 25; ring, knife, etc.;
charge, begging."
This is the extremely remarkable record
that stands on the register of the Oak
land City Prison, placed there this morn
ing by "Citizen A. L. Jeffries and Officer
Moore."
The old man went back to his cell, com
menting upon the way of doing things in
Oakland, and the police began to look for
a safe, fearing some one might rob the
jai}. '
"I have been all over this country and
all through the capitals of Europet and I
always paid my railroad fare. I never
had a pass or beat my way, but always
paid it like a gentleman. I spent a lot of
time at Washington and know lots of the
big bugs there. Senator Hoar of Massa
chusetts is my friend, and If tney only
had him for President there wouldn't be
any more of this fool business down in
the Philippines. I've met all kinds of
swells . in London, Paris, Rome and all
the big places of Europe, and now I come
to Oakland and get in jail for begging
when I've got a few thousand dollars
lying around in my clothes loose. I won
der what some of my old friends back
there would think about Oakland jus
tice?"
"Why, you talk about my begging. I
was just thinking of buying an automo
bile. The only trouble is that they are
too clumsy, and I guess that I will get a
span of horses instead." I got those bonds
because I like to look at them, and then
you charge me with begging.
Thinks of Buying an Automobile.
"I have always had money, and I lost
$12,000 in the Pacific Bank failure.. Since
that time I have put most of my money
in Government bonds and carry.it around
with me so that no other robbers can get
it away. ¦¦-.'. ~ "- . •> • -" -'
"I come to Oakland and take walks for
my: health, and when I get tired I go to
a house and ask for a little refreshment.
I am always ready to pay for.it, but peo
ple don't generally want pay, and some
times they add a little something to the
refreshment in the way of car fare. I
never ask for anything except the re
freshments. ¦
"I come over to Oakland because it Is $
clean city," the old man rattled on. "]
fought all kinds of vice In San Franclscc
for years when Bishop Alemany was
alive. He and I used to'be interested lr
that work together, but San Francisco U
a hard city for much success in that di
rection. Oakland is a nice, clean city, ex
cept in its streets. You get a mouthfu:
of dust- every time you take a breath.
Dupont street and all the alleys in the
Chinese quarter were gayly illuminated
with thousands of \ paper lanterns and
electrical displays. The sidewalks were
all blocked with groups of Chinese in
holiday attire, kneeling about fires in
which were burned messages and bits of
poetry intended for the enjoyment of the
departed. Plates piled high with tempt
ing fruit or dainties in pastry and con
fectionery were placed on window
sills, balconies, housetops and at every
corner where it was . believed that the
spirits of the dead might easily reach
them without coming into, contact with
tho bodies of the living. In all' the joss
houses thousands Knelt before the
images of their gods and drews lots from
the silver receptacles which referred
them to communications from the dead,
transcribed on the great parchment
given to mortals by favoring- gods cen
turies ago.
Ross alley is thought to be the spot in
San Francisco where the souls of the
dead can most easily come and where
the evil spirits are forbidden to exercise
their powers artl there the Chinese
made their most gorgeous display. The
narrow little street was roofed over with
white canvas, from which depended hun
dreds of gigantic bouquets. Open cabi
nets filled with images of former Chi
nese Emperors and other illustrious dead
occupied y every available inch of wall
space, the whole being illuminated with
thousands upon thousands of red wax
candles, whicn were constantly being re
placed as thev were consumed. 'Within
all the clubhouses which line the alley
were bands of musicians who played
tunes of which visiting spirits are sup
posed to be fond. Little tables loaded
with Chinese delicacies were placed .all
along the sidewalks where the invisible
loved ones might enjoy the repasts.
The feast will continue with lessened
enthusiasm for the next two days. It
is celebrated thrice annually, in March,
at the present time and again in Kovem
ber. Every feature of the observance is
dictated by a revelation from the divini
ties, given ages ago, far back beyond the
wavering line where history and mythol
ogy meet. It is celebrated among the
Chinese everywhere, whether it be in tne
crowded cities of the Celestial empire or
in some secluded spot in a far distant
corner of the world where a single
Chinaman dwells alone.
The great feast of the Chinese held
three times yearly to propitiate the
deities in behalf of the souls of dead
relatives was celebrated with many of
ferings and the burning of many candles
in Chinatown last night.
The Central this week offers a spectacu
lar revival of "The Two Orphans,"; the
ever popular old melodrama. The new
leading lady. Miss Annette Marshall, is
cast as Henrietta; and will be supported
by the best talent the house affords. The
big .scriptural play, Edward Eisner's "A
Voice From the Wilderness," is now in ac
tive preparation and will be produced
Tuesday evening, September 3. This is the
most important production that the Cen
tral management has ever been engaged
In, and promises to be the most success
ful.
\ ¦ .. . . • ;•/.*¦. , > .. ¦ ¦_
The new bill which' opens at the Chutes
to-day Includes the Esmonds, refined tnus
lcal artists; Ina Allen, soprano; Ameta,
the European spectacular dancer; Robert
A. Nome, musical comedian; Hayes
brothers, Australian singing and dancing
comedy duo, and Ed F. Reynard, the
ventriloquist. New moving pictures will
also be shown. .
"Romeo and Juliet" will be the Alca
zar programme this week, with Miss
Florence Roberts and White Whittlesey in
the name parts.* Juliet was one of Miss
Roberts' most admired roles during her
season of two years ago, and with a good
cast the play should prove a popular bill.
Mr. Frawley's bill at the Grand Opera
House this week Is R. C. Carton's comedy,
"Lord and Lady Algy," first seen here un
der the auspices of Henry Miller's com
pany two years ago. It is a very amus
ing play, based upon the racing misfor
tunes of Lord Algy, and the sporting
wisdom of his spouse, who is said .to be
drawn from a prominent member of the
British aristocracy. Mr. Frawley will
play the part of Lord Algy, and Miss Van
Buren Lady Algy.
The Tivoli will give a repeat bill this
week, "II Trovatore," with the same cast
as before, and "Meflstofele," that has
been so successful this last week. "II
Trovatore" will have Salassa as the
Count di Luna, Barbareshi appears as
Leonera, Collamarlni sings Azucena and
Russo Manrico. The "Meflstofele" cast
Includes "Dado in the name part, Agos
tinl as Faust, Montanari as Marguerite
and Polltlni as Martha.
The Madison Square Theater success,
"Wheels Within Wheels," will be present
ed by Daniel Frohman's company at tho
Columbia Theater for one .week commenc
ing with this evening. Hilda Sprong will
appear in the leading role, which she
created when the Carton comedy was first
produced in this country. The role is es
pecially well fitted to her best style of
stage work. All the clever people of the
company will be advantageously cast.
Next. Monday evening theater-goers will
be offered no less important an attrac
tion than Annie Russell in her magnifi
cent' success, "A Royal Family." She
will be supported by all the original New
York cast. ¦ .
• • • ¦ . . •
Some of the newi people at the Olympia
this week are / the great European
jugglers, the Gagnoux; Iza Miller, comedi
enne; Memphis Kennedy,- musical com
edian, and Annie Morris, J coon shouter. ¦¦-'
Among the entertainers' at Fischer's
Concert House this week are Marietta
Worth and company in the original
musical .farce, "Wanda's Aspirations;"
Camelia and Amelita, Spanish dancers;
Joe Edmunds, Irish comedian; Fannie
Raymond, balladist; Joseph Berges,
aerialist; P. A. Dunsworth, tenor; Cole
man and Mexis, the great* sharpshooters,
and the Paloma Quartette, composed of
Lily Laws, Ethel Carrol, Millie Murray
and Eugenia Breitengross.
• The production of "Rosemary" by
James Neill and his clever company at
the California last night was a very
pleasing performance. Barring the long
waits between the acts, the rendition of
the pretty little play, satisfied tne audi
ence and gave the performers a firmer
hold on the affections of San Francisco
theater-goers. Neill's Sir Jasper Thorn
dyke was a decidedly clever piece of
work, and the Captain Cfuikshank of
John W. Burton was an exceptional dis
play of talent. Julia Dean as Dorothy
won -the favor of. the audience as soon as
she ape&red. Her farewell to Sir Jasper
at the end of the third act brought forth
round after round of hearty applause
from the house, as did also the acting of
Neill in the scene where he declares his
love for Dorothy.
Powell, the magician, with a good com
pany, is among the new headliners. He is
a deft and picturesque wizard and has a
new trunk trick that is a very mystifying
affair. Louise Thorndyke Boucicault and
Herbert H. Pattee are seen in their last
week's sketch, "A Proper- Impropriety,"
and • "The Four Otts" also : repeat their
hilarious absurdity, "The Smart Set,"
Mat Ott's sketch, by the way, and a
rattling good -one. Last in the bill, but
most, come the Cragg crowd of acrobats,
programmed as six, with eight In the turn,
and as many more of the same kind in
the wings, according to report. This is
their second week, but their brilliant and
original tumbling, much the best of its
kind ever seen here, would keep the
Craggs among the first favorites for many
weeks to come. Remarc and Riley are
other good holdovers, and the biograph is
wcrth waiting for.
Professor Rosner played the accompani
ment for Jose. His w° r k proved a great
treat to the audience and a splendid help
to the singer.
Lucille Saunders, Dick Jose and Le
febre'8 saxophone quartet take excellent
care of the musical part of the Orpheum's
gcod programme this week. Miss Saunders
laarte her first Western appearance yes
terday afternoon, and was . heartily
greeted by the large house. She has a
sweet; sympathetic tontralto voice, with
some luscious low notes, and sings with
grace and ease. Among her numbers are
"If You Were Only Mine," from "The
Singing Girl," in which the clever song
stress apDeared In the East with Alice
Nielsen, and* "Don't You Cry," a little
lullaby song very sweetly rendered. Dick
Jose is as popular as ever, if not more so,
in his selections of the week, and the
Lefebre quartet of saxophone players re
peated their success of last week in new
numbers It is both a clever and highly
pleasing performance.
Neill Clever in .''Rosemary."
"Romeo and Juliet " at
Alcazar. *
Strange dustom Dates Back
Through Uncounted
. Centuries..
Orpheum Presents Its
Usual Surpassing
Features.
Ross Alley Brilliantly
Decorated for the
Festival.
VARIOUS BILLS
OF PLAYHOUSES
CHINESE HONOR
SOULS OF DEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 26, 1901.
ARREST OF AGED BEGGAR
WITH A FORTUNE ON HIM
Thomas Feeley of the Potrero Paralyzes the
Oakland Police Authorities.
AGED MENDICANT WHO ASTONISHED THE POLICE AUTHORITIES
OF OAKLAND BY HIS POSSESSION OF WEALTH WHEN TAKEN
INTO CUSTODY ON A CHARGE OF BEGGING.
5
ADVEETISEMENTS.
A healthy and well nourished infant
gains in weight, sometimes slowly
and sometimes rapidly, according to
age and other conditions.
Mellin's Food babies make a normal
gain in weight and attain that plump
and solid condition so gratifying to
the parents.
SEND FOR A FREE SAMPLE OP MELLIN'S FOOD.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
ADVEKTISEMENT3.
TELEPHONE T7 3 "FFK/S
222-224 SUTTER ST.
'SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
Thirty years we have
been leading sellers of the
highest grade of groceries,
and all goods effered in
our "special sales" are
just as we desciibe them.
Boned Ch'cken and Turkey. P. &W.
Mb Tins. Reg. 45c. 48c
The chicken has been cut In pieces and
tl.e bones extracted— very nice for chick-
MUSTARD, French bot. 20c
5 flavors.
FRENCH KNIVES, £^ b '£rrj?
t, 5 " ! 5: £ ~ * s io " ii 12
Reg .20 2.j. 35 40 43 SO CO 70
Now .1., 'M S3 30 S3 .4O SO OO
"LA FAVORITA" CAL. CLARET,
Hepular. dozen quarts, $4.00.. JK;{ "-j
Regular, dozen pints, S2.Z0 I»2"l5
Ve allow r,Oc and 30c for return of
empty bottles. California produces no
better wine. Srnd us a trial order
' PINEAPPLE, g*p~ tin I5c
Cubes, in heavy syrup.
Salad Dressing, TgfSfe pt. bot 4flc
Always r^ady for your salad
WHISK BROOMS, fgzff 20c
This is an extra bargain-limited
Quantity.
0. K. BOURBON WHISKEY,
Regular $1.00— 3 bottles S2.OO
Regular J4— gallon $3.OO
7-year-old blend.
BABBITT'S SOAP, J&L 6 for 25c
Buy your supply at this »>rice.
VIENNA SAUSAGE 1 "^ ,r 3 tins 25c
Always readv for use.
COCKTAILS, ££•£& bottle 85c
Manhattan, Martini, Whiskey, Ver-
mouth, Gin— perfectly blended. "
Bonilton Capsules t£ ef gfe 25c
Celery flavor. Ankers'.
COSTA RICA COFFEE 2 P £ Ib. 22^c
This is the Flor de Costa Rica, and the
best grade grown.
2AUUU1J, Mbftatcms. Reg. 25c i«C
Sliced and firm— of a eweet flavor.
CANDY, F^S. f atSd Ib. 30c
Our candy can't be beat In point of
quality, freshnesfe or variety.
CECARS:
"EI Trado." clear Havana. Reg-.
tr o0. Box S2.OO
' OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 K, Eteamers leave Broadway
Wharf, £an Francisco:
IV^^^. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
tt3i»?s3SV 'very fifth day. Change to
l35**V^¥^?\ company's steamers at SeattK
K*.E5&f\r^ For v Ictcrla. Vancouver (B.
M?I^L"j&f C) " Port Townsend. Seattle.
fiS"iS^3w2tC«1 Tacoma. Everett. Anaccrtes
i /^^^«B»H lnd Kew Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m., every fifth day.
Change at Seattle for thi»
company's rteamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.:
at Seattle y- Tacoma for JC. P. Ry. : at Van-
couver to CT P. Ry. *
For rureks and Humboldt Bar — 1:30 p. . m.
•¦very Titt'a day.
For Sen Diego, rtorping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Anreles and Redondo (Los An-
reles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.;
fteamer State of California. Wednesdays, 9
a. m. j»
For Los. Angele*., calllnjr at Santa. Cms. ¦
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayueoa. Port Harford
<San Lulu Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa Barbara,
Vcntcra. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro
sr.a "Newport ('Corona only) — Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. & a. m. : steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays.
9 a. ro. t.
For ErsenscX MerSalena Bay, San Jose <3ri
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosalia
end Guaymas (K«.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to changa
rteamers. Falling days and hours cf sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFTTCE-4 New Montgomery
ctreet fPa'.ace TTot«-l).
GOODALL. PEP.rcrv? & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market Ft.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO,
OnJy Stea.sxx«l3.ti3 Xj1x»o «o
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rai! Line fram Portlani ta n\\
r'cfnt* V.ttrst. ' Through flrkct^ *r> nil
pcints, all rsi! «•»«• «team*H!D *nd rail, ar
-^ I*O"\*r33KT RATES,
fTEAHEE TICEET3 INCLITD3 BERTH aad MEAL1.
SS. COLUMBIA
Fails Aug. 21, 31. Sept. 10. 20, 30
FS. GEO. W. ELDER
Fails Aug. 26. Sept 5, 15. 23
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GE:>C.Agt..l Mont&m'y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
n«r First and Brannan Ftreets, at 1 p. ra :
for TOKOHAMA an<l HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Xasasakl and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with eteamers for -
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of palling.
SS. HONGKONG MARU Zfr.-
Wednesday. September 4. 1351
FS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. 1991
BS. AMERICA MARU
Wrdnesday. October 23. 1901
Kound-trtp tickets ct reduced rates. For ;
freight and passage apply at company's office,
<21 Market str»«>t. corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
OeC8BIC3.SXO c kmSe
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only
Saturday. August SI, 2 p. m
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. September 11. 10 a m.
S. P. VENTURA <via Honolulu), lor Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday, September 12. 10 a. rn.
L 0.SP3ECKELS k EROS. CC, Central Agents. 327 Kziiet St
f ?i'l PassEcgar QfOce, 6<3 Harket St., m En. 7. Pacific St
'PANAMA R. R. S S !?
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA D1RE5F,
Cabin. 1(5; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Ar&j II s.-.i's . 'VyJ.
From Seawall Section No. 1.
fit S. Leelanav/ wails , Aug.
S. 6. Argyll nl't . Sept.
From Howard street at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market et.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COXPAGNIE GEKEEALB TRASSATI.AHTIQDE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. Jtj^.%^
f-fc:!irsr every Thursday, Instead cf iQrflgrJi
Saturday at 10 a. ra., from pier 42, "WB*
North River, foot of Morton street; La
J>"tagne August 29; La Champagne, Septem-
bcr 5: *La Savoie, September 12; 'I/Aquitalne,
F-optember 18.
Firct class to Havre, 170 and upward. Seii-
end class to Havre. tK and upward. GEN-
KP.AL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and
CANADA 32 Broadway building),
Nfw York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific
<~oa?t AgentB. 6 Montgomery avenue. San
Francisco. Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket
Ar*nt«.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERiCANA DC VAPORED
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3 Pl*«r :0. 12 m.
GUATEMALA.. Sept. 3ICOLdMRIA....!Sept. 14
PALENA Sept. 5ITUCAPEL Sept. 28
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
<Ko change at Acapulco or Panama.) I Freight
tfA raswnrer offtr-e, 316 California street.
; EALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen, Ageata.
, AMUSEMENTS.
EXHIBITION GROUNDS, FOLSOM AND 18TH STS.
....TO-DAY....
This afternoon at 2, to-night at 8, and every
afternoon and night until Sept. 1 inc. Doors
open at 1 and 8 p. m.
RINGLING BROS.'
NEW BIG CIRCUS.
Biggest, Grandest and Most Complete Arenic
Exhibition on Earth! Magnificent 3-Ringr Cir-
cus. Mammoth Menagerie. Royal Roman
Hippodrome. Tremendous Spectacular Dis-
play. 3000 People. 300 Performers. 500 Horses.
SO Ekpl~ants. Only Giraffe known to exist.
ICThts morning at 10 o'clock, the Largest,
Richest, Most Resplendent Free Street Parade
Ever Seen in San Francisco. Usual Route.
lET" General admission, 50c; children under 12
years, half price. Reserved numbered seats
and admissions .during the entire engagement
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s music warerooms,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., at exactly the
same Drlce as charged at regular ticket wa-
gons on show grounds.
PARADE ROUTE:
Starting from Show Grounds at 9 o'clock
to Howard, to Second, to Market, to
Montgomery, to California, to Kearny,
to Market, to "Valencia, to Sixteenth, to
Folsom and thence to grounds.
%0 U l-U IvIKSI It LEADJSQ THEATRE
Beginning TO-NIGHT,
MATINEE SATURDAY,
LAST WEEK OF
DANIEL FROHMAN'S
COMPANY
¦With HILDA SPONG.
First time here of the Madtson-Square Theater
(N. T.) Comedy Success,
WHEELS
WITHIN WHEELS.
By R. C. CARTON.
Next Monday— ANNIE RUSSELL,
In "A ROYAL FAMILY."
GRANDS
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Commencing THIS MONDAY EVENING,
FARE-WELL 'WEEK OF
DANIEL FRAWLEY AND COMPANY
In
Lord and Lady Algy.
A Comedy in Three Acts by R. C. Carton.
PRICES— 10c, 15c, 23c, 50e, 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees, 23c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
NEXT WEEK,
JOSEPH HAWORTH In "ROSED ALE."
ALL THIS WEEK.
MR.' JAMBS AND THE
1 W Mm* M Mm* Mm* COMPANY.
Presenting the Clever, Lovely, Charming Com-
edy,
Evening.... 25c. 35c, 50c, 73c, $100
Saturday Matinee 23c, 50c, 73c
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAYS.
25c and 50c
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT!
"AN .IDEAL HUSBAND'."
SEATS THURSDAY.
OLVhbiat r mjA >
TO-NIGHT! —
The World's Most Wonderful Love Story.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
And WHITE WHITTLESEY In
Romeo and Juliet.
..Superbly Mounted! Elegant Costumes!
Powerful Cast!
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY!—
Next Week 177777. .INGOMAP.
GHUTES_and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
The Esmonds, Ameta, Ina Allen and
Ed Beynard, All Direct From the
Orph.«um. Also Hayes Brothers,
Robert A. Nome and ITew Moving
Pictures.
THURSDAY NIGHT—
TheAmateurs and the Mikado
Minstrels.
. ¦ ' ' Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
Fischer's coi !ia5ssj«iss:»»- i
The Paloma Quartet. Marietta Worth and
Co., Joe Edmunds, Fannie Raymond. Camelia
and Amellta, P. A. Dunsworth, Coleman and
Mexls and Hinrichs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
.SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. m.to U p. m.
• Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, Be.
Bathing, Including aOnusison, 25c. .Children, 2Qc^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PRETTY TEETH
will redeem an otherwise unattractive
face, and any woman can possess these.
Our* Crown and Bridgework
so closely duplicates nature that detec-
tion is next to impossible. The shape
of the mouth is improved and the mas-
tication of food made a pleasure.
We acknowledge no superior in
DENTAL WORK
and every patient can testify to our
skill. Bridgework $5.00
Chalmers Dental faffSSfr
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
4E1USEUH OF AHATQBY)
B £%& * :S1 UA2ZZT ST. let. 6:h47:i, S.F. Cal. A
. f^t The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
*T W&hr^. World - Weaknesses or iny contracted A
L Ki !i»J *«»»« jojltl.flyciired by the oldest Y
© jJ&SfeSl ipeaalist on th- Coast. Est. 3* years. ©
6 tt®ft£ I CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I w5wH Consultation free and strictly private. \
8 i J&vifi Treatment personally or bv letter. A a
\ B ff n H J ' 0 ' itive C^"* >n e»ery case undertaken. V
U V 1 II (? Write for B»k. PBII.OSOrBYor A
\ II I MARRIAGE. MAILED FREE. ( A.V
A (i (X- valuable book for urn) \
" »B. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., 8. F. y
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY forMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
bave been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-'
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smokins. Cure lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires.. Lame Bark.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss cf Semen, mmm Varicocela or Con-
etipation. Stop Ner*^ g J vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effwits are^J^.'~r' Immediate, Im-
part vigor and pote*'*" * ™ncy to every func-
tlcn. Don't get deapend^nt; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain anj nerve centers; EOc a box; 6 for
V 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
A<1dre«.«« BISHOP IlEMEDT CO.. 40 Ellis Bt..
Ban Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUQ CO.. 31
•nd 40 Third st.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW T02K. 8GOIHAKPT0N. LOSDOH. PARIi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. >.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. mi
Ft Louis Sept. tjSt. Louis Sept. 25
Philadelphia ..Sept. Ul Philadelphia ...Oct. 2
St. Paul.. Sept. ISiSt. , Paul Oct. 9
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwern,
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Scuthwark Sert 4 Zeeland Sept 23
Vaderland Sept. 11 Friealand Oct 2
Kensington Sept. 18 South wark Oct. 9
*Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CIIAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
BAY ANl5 BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S.-HAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamere GEN. FRISBIE or MONTIGBLLO
t :45 a. m.,, 8:15 and 8:29 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:39 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, C p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 1508. . Landing and of-
fice, pier 2, Ml3Elon-sU dock. HATCH BROS.
AMUSEMENTS.
30 VAUDEVILLE CELEBRITIES!
NOVELTIES TO BUBN!
Xmcille Saunders, the Great Powell
and His Company, the Cragg Fam-
ily, Eichard Jose, the Four Otts,
isf ebre's Saxophone Quartet, Be-
marc and Hilay and the Biograph.
Last Week of Louise Thorndyks
Boucicault and Company.
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Oper»
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
r - ; —
Evenings at 8 Sharp. Matinee at 2 Sharp.
TO-NIGHT,—
"Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, . V.i
By Universal Request, . - :'
.....IL TROVATORE.....
Tuesday, Thursday. Sunday Nights and Satur-
day Matinee,
THE GREAT PRODUCTION of the SEASON!
BOITO'S
.MEFISTOFELE......
POPULAR PRICES.... 23c, 50c and 7!e
Telephone Bush 9.
Begrinnln^ TO-NIGHT, Every Ev*g This Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Magnificent Revival on a Colossal Scale of tha
Great Melodrama, THE
TWO ORPHANS.
Great Cast — Annette Marshall as . Henrietta, j
PPirCC Evenings 10c, 13c, 25c, 33c. 50c
I A1VEJ Matinees ....10c, 15c, 25c
TUESDAY, September S— Initial Production
of Edward Eisner's Biblical Drama,
"A VOICE FROM THE WILDERNESS."
feattle and ifor^E Jft,*.*
-0 a 1 r,y Contests.
fr&T sExhibHs™ 8^
v Carried Free **>
fbp Particulars Write;
6eoWJa £ ckson.
for middleweight championship
KID CARTER ys. GEORGE GARDNER
¦ 20 ROUNDS!
KID McFADDEN vs. TOM HERMAN.
— r— 15 ROUNDS! :
FRIDAY EVENING, August 30, ' -. f :
MECHANICS' PAVTL.IOX.
PALACE
. %¥rk These hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour?
lets and travelers ap-
CRANTV predate— central loca-
HATFI <2 ment, modern appoint- K
11U1LL.J, menta and perfect cul- >
line. .
San American and Euro-
pean plans.
Francisco.
• BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
• The most wonderfu! aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid- .
neya and Bladder. Sells on Us own merits.
NABER. AL.FS & BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
The Weekly Call
ONE DOLLAR PER YEARSAN RAFAEL. Aug. 25.— A large crowd
witnessed the ball game between the Del
Montes'and the San Rafaels at the East
side grounds this afternoon. JThe San Ra
faels won . by a score ; of 16 to 8. * ,
Other Baseball Games.
NATIONAL LEAGUE. V
CHICAGO, Aug. ,25.-^-Chicago made one < run
in the second inning by bunching two doubles.
They scored four more. In the fifth on four sin
fries and two errors. Waddell outpitched
Murphy and received a sfiSde the better sup
port. Attendance, 6500. ¦•Score:
R. H. * E.
Chicago ..3 ¦ S 1
St. Louis ...3 5.. 2
Batteries-^-Waddell and ' Kling; Murphy — and
Ryan. Umpire— O" Day. ;;. ;,
CINCINNATI. Aug. 25.— Doheny proved too
much for the locals here to-day, but four scat
tered hits beingr made . off his delivery. At
tendance, 8400. Score: ",
R- H. -E. !
PittsbUTg 6 12 1
Cincinnati .......:....:.. 3 ' 4 ' 1
• Batteries — Doheny and'Yeagrer; Stimmel, Phil-'
lips and Peitz. ' '. . / • . "
EASTERN BASEBALL.
For the home team Myers and Casidy
opened the innings, but the former retired
for 13 and the latter for 5. Coles had added
only 4 to the score when he was caught
and bowled by Macartney. .When Richard
son and -Wilding- got together, " however,
the score mounted rapidly, the old Surrey,
batsman compiling 52 and ... Wilding, 46.
•Petherick put. on 22 and John Theobald
16, the' innings closing for 175 runs. Tur
ner captured .five '= ¦wickets, ' Macartney
four and Robitaille one.
The Pacific, cricketers defeated the Sac
ramento team yesterday on the "Alameda
ground by the ample margin of. 106 runs.
The visitors went to the wickets first with
Macartney and Turner, the former com
piling 40 runs and the latter 14. i None of
the other Sacramentans offered any j re
sistance to the Pacific bowlers, the re
maining eight wickets adding only twelve
runs to the total. At 69 the .visitors' . in
nings closed, Casidy having ¦ taken seven
wickets for sixteen runs and Richardson
two for twenty-two. The Sacramento
team was one man short; and lacked the
services of two of its strongest' men— the
Elliott brothers. ' . •
f ers ' Weak Resistance to Local
Bowlers at Alameda.
Cricket Team From Capital City Of •
PACIFIC ELEVEN BEATS •
SACRAMENTO VISITORS
The Columbia Rifle and Pistol Club held
its revolver telegraph match yesterday
with the Light Battery A revolver team
of Boston. The conditions were: Any
revolver, thirty shots to the man, to be
shot in series of five-shot scpres. the five
shots to be fired in thirty seconds, the
teams to consist of six men each. This
% <\ °J. shootln & w as entirely new to the
Columbia method of slow, deliberate aim
£cK)d *" mernbers trled ll witn
r W^ C iv^n? hard ° f t°e Signal Corps and
«;*£.' Wa .J tha ,m.of Battery C. N. G. C.
norr^i? 3 l !? ek £ ep £ rs and referees. A. B
w»h r n Sn f i he n best flve - shot scor e (27),
with Colonel Kellogg, Barley and Young
6 w °" e u P° !n t behind. All scores were
bPi°nVT] thin e i lmit; the quickest s^re
forfhe'b^ertVSs^' Wh ° alS ° leadS
luStaTg^ra^Kr hand ' C °-
First team— F. O. Youne 212 r \r n«i
229, Brannasan > 25™5L H. PipeVw
?-s?? ffr 2 an P • 297> E - Hovey 3 «; totil! 1580
8 5-6-lnch ¦ ring: , average. ¦*•«'". ur
-Second team— Colonel S: I Kelloeir 2fl7 a
K'StSMt £««• I List;
379: total. 1740. or 9^-lnch average. " Unsaker
altham 400: tota1 ' ™-
:al and Boston Teams Compete at
the Same Time and Will Wire"
Sco'res. ¦[ .
TELEGRAPH SHOOTING ON /
COLUMBIA RANGES
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— At Vailsburg,
N. J., to-day W. S.*Fenn of . Waterbury
adcWl fresh laurels to his list. After a
hard struggle in the half-mile open for
professionals he started, out with sixty
three other, riders in the five-mile, handi
cap for professionals. He started off at. a
clipping pace and mowed -down his /rivals
one ai a time. McFarland had KKhyards
on thV youngster, but this did not bother
Fenn. Entering the home stretch Fenn
had the speed and fairly ran away from
the others, winning by about five. lengths.
His time was 10:15. The other worlds
record for the distance was 10:33 2 T 5.
There was a wrangle in the two-mile
handicap, where another world's record
was broken', but it may not be, allowed.
Lake and McConnell j came down the
stretch close together, but. to the major
ity of the spectators it looked as if Mc-
Connell, the scratch man, had won by a
few inches. Referee Moher gave the race
to Lake' and the onlookers ,, fairly
Bcreamed their displeasure. The, time was
4:00 flat, which beats the old world's rec
ord bv 12 4-5 seconds. •
The half-mile open was run with many
heats, not unlike the circuit champ'on
ship. The final was. between La wson and
Kramer, and Lawson won by about- a
length., Kramer's - friends immediately
challenged Lawson for a match against
Kramer and' offered odds, of $500 on Kra
mer to $450 on Lawson. Lawson accepted
the challenge.- ..T .<¦'; . ;
Fcnn Does Wonders in .Five-Milc-
Handicap— Close Decision in
Two-Mile Race.
WORLD'S BECORDS BROKEN
ON THE CYCLING TRACK
Engine Collides With Train.
PADUCAH, Ky.', Aug. 25.— An Illinois
Central accommodation train from Ful
ton, Ky., and a light engine collided on a
curve near this city to-day. Engineer TV.
C. Eubanks of the light engine was
fatally hurt, both legs being . cut off.
Several trainmen and passengers were
injured, ' none seriously. .Both . engines
were demolished. : : ,- ¦¦-,:
A man has to undergo a great deal when
his business goes under.
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— At Seagirt, N.
J., on September G, the revival of the
Creedmoor-Gollymount shooting matches
will take place between teams represent
ing the ¦ New Jersey State Rifle Associa
tion and the Ulster Rifle Association of
Belfast, Ireland. Brigadier General
Spencer has deferred the selection of the
American team for this match until after
the arrival of the Irish visitors, who are
expected here on the steamship Servia
next Wednesday. Sir Thomas LIpton is
a member. of the Ulster Rifle Association
and a great deal of interest is taken on
both sides of the Atlantic in the outcome
of this match, as several members of the
Ulster Rifle Association belong to the
Royal Ulster Yacht Club, from which the
challenge for the America's cup ema
nated.
Colonel Robert M. Thompson has loaned
his steam yacht Reverie to the reception
committee for the purpose of meeting the
Ulster riflemen on .the arrival of the
Servia. By special permit the Irish pas
sengers and their baggage will be trans
ferred to the. yacht off quarantine when
tne Servia reaches quarantine.
, T . n ® contest for the American Centen
nial Palm trophy will begin on Thursday,
September 5. It is for the championship
pf the world for teams of eight men, open
to riflemen of «.ll countries. The Ameri
can contestants for this event will be se
lected to-morrow. The United States
Marine Corps team is now at Seagirt and
the representatives of the District of Co
lumbia are expected to-morrow. The
mornin ment wlll : be °P ened on Thursday
FIf teon-blrd r>ool—
Coleman 2 0211112122 2 1* 0—12
Fay : 1 0112221212212 1—14
Donohue 1 102112112112 1 2— 14
Jackson ....l 2111111112211 1—15
Jackson's clean score of fifteen straight
won him the pool, i
Next Sunday the Union Gun Club will
open the blue rock season with a number
of matches.
Four competitors -faced the trap on a
fifteen-bird pool, the result being as fol
lows:
The money was divided between Jack
son, Murdock, Karney, Klevesahl and F.
Feudner. .
Jackson and Karney. tied for the sea
son at 93, and on the shoot-off Jackson
won and took the medal, Karney secur
ing first money. Foster, with 92, won sec
ond money, Murdock won ' third . money
with 91 and Otto Feudner won fourt.'v
money with a score of 88.
In an. eight-bird pool the following
named competed:
Donohue .'.' 1 2 12 2 10 2—7
O. Feudner 2*2 2w
Colt-man 1 12 2 10 1 2—7
Fay .........0 2 12 0 12 2-6
Jackson ; 1 1112 11 2—8
KerriFon :... 1 112 12 1 0—7
Foster 1 1112 11 •— 7
Murdock 1 2 2 2 2 2 1 1—3
Karney : 2 1 11 1 2 1 2-8
Klevesahl 11 2 12 11 1— S
F. Feudner 12 2 12 2 2 2—8
The final shoot of the season of the San
Francisco Gun Club took place yester-.
day at Ingleside under almost perfect
weather conditions. The birds were all
strong fliers, and otherwise full scores
were cut down by the birds falling dead,
out of bounds. The final scores at twen
ty-five birds were as follows:
M. O. Feudner... 1121X1121121212»1222*1222— 23
J. Karney .1121211212*12112112111221 — 24
G. H. T. Jackson 1221*12211111212111121112—24
W. E. Murdock... 121M11111121110012221121— 22
F. Feudner 1122122221211121»11222210— 23
R. C. Rosenberg ....2221 101221112211111110101— 22
E. L. Foster ....12211111:1111011122121222— 24
H. Justins 2122122212211211110102101—22
E. Klevesahl 11111211010l2*1102*2011ll— 19
M. O. Feudner (back scora) 121021122»2*011— 11
. The women's tournaments for the cham
pionship of the coast will commence this
morning. The doubles will be ) played
flrst. . - • * ¦> ¦
The following matches were played:
Miss May Suttoh and J. D. MacGavin
beat W. B. Collier and Miss Florence Sut
ton 6—2; Collier and May Sutton beat
MacGavin and Violet Sutton &— 3, 6—2,
6—4; MacGavin and Mrs. Seymour beat
Ogden Hoffman and May Sutton 7—5;
Miss Ethel Sutton and Mrs. Seymour
played an exciting match with Misses
Seymour and Florence Sutton.
D. MacGavin and Violet ¦ Sutton will
play In the mixed doubles. Grant Smith
and Miss Florence Sutton will probably
join forces. Miss May . Sutton will, play
with either Collier or O. Hoffman.
Six women experts arrived yesterday
from Southern California and with some
of the best local players participated in
some fast mixed doubles at San Rafael.
The arrivals are the four Sutt<m sisters
and. Mrs. Seymour and daughter.
Old World Marksmen to
Shoot on American
Ranges.
Rafael Courts.
Six Experts From South
in Practice at San
Proves Victor in Shoot
off With Karney at
the Traps.
The parlor will be accompanied by a
band, and the committee has secured the
assistance of a number of the city's best
vocalists, who have volunteered to assist
the parlor in the programme planned for
the celebration.. ' -
Morning— Parade. The line of march will be
short but the amusement derived by partici
pants' and spectators "very many." _ ,
Noon— Banquet.
Afternoon— Literary (?) exercises; competitive
drills by the parlor's Degree Team Drill Corps
the Roman Army Oate of the Circus Minimus)
and the • Amazon Army (their first appearance
since the Christmas celebration' of 1839); ath
letic games and sports, and dancing.
Evening— Illumination and grand ball.
September 10. 1901— Return to the city.
Stanford Parlor No. 76, Native Sons of
the Golden West, will celebrate Admis
sion Day this year by a Saturday to
Tuesday outing at Mark West. Springs,
Sonoma County. The reason why Stan
ford Parlor is holding an independent
celebration is because at the last Grand
Parlor in Santa Barbara it was decided
not to hold a general celebration of Ad
mission «Day this year. Since then the
San Jose parlors arranged for a celebra
tion In that city, but Stanford Parlor had
already perfected its own arrangements.
The "Good of the Order" committee, of
which John J. Van Nostrand is. chairman
and Fred H. Jung secretary, has arranged
a pleasing programme for Stanford's cele
bration, which will be attended by parlor
members and their relatives and friends.
The programme includes the departure
from the city of the party on the after
noon of September 7. Upon arrival at the
BT.rlnca in the evening there vill be a
supper followed by illumination and an
informal dance. On • September 8 there
will be a bullshead breakfast in the
morning and a sacred concert in the
afternoon. In the evening there. will be
an illumination and alfresco entertain
ment at which time the phantom operet
ta "The Spectre Knight." including a
ghostly ballet, will be produced. , *.
The rest of the programme for Septem
ber 9 follows:
Preparing to Descend on Mark
West Springs.
Popular Native Sons' : Organization
STANFORD PARLOR WILL
CELEBRATE ADMISSION DAY
NEW JERSEY
VERSUS IRELAND
JACKSON WINS
SEASON'S MEDAL
WOMEN TENNIS
PLAYERS ARRIVE
ppy|=^HIS year's polo pony racing at Del
I Monte has' served to heighten the
I ancient feud between the Hobarts
1L and the»Carolans — a feud confined
to pony stock. On Friday Frank
Carolan carried off the honors in the flrst
day of the racing-, and the Hobarts and
their following were . sad. The reverse
English was put upon the programme the
. Besides Hobart and Carolan there are
a number of southern polo players who
are equally enthusiastic .over' pony sta
bles. In the near future California will
have ' some celebrated polo pony stables
that will vie with anything of its. kind
in the East or England. ...
( ver Dick; on Saturday and won with him
in what was an easy race. , The above is
the flrst published picture of Silver Dick
since he has been brought; to- the coast.
very next day, and, although Carolan lift
ed the Del Moqte cup, Walter Hobart pi
loted the majority of winners under the
wire.
Both these young Blingumites have a
merry, peaceful war. on their hands. for
the next year— a war of developing or se
curing ponies which 'will be prize-winners
at the next Del Monte meetins. .Hobart
introduced his famous Colorado pony, Sil-
C. Sagehorn 21SS. O. Burmeister 230, Captain
Attinger 1237. F. J. Klatzle 1216. L. Brunne
1252, F. Kommer 2410. A. Utschig 1624. H.
Enge 827 W. Straub 1322. B. Jonas (cadet) 739.
In - the San Francisco Turners'
Schuetzen Section the following scores
were made: ¦¦ ' ' * — •<-¦ .¦.:•¦¦
In the Grutli Shooting Section the bulls
eye shoot resulted in . the following scor
ing in the order named:
R. Hauser, O. Imdorf. Karl Gut, A. Studer,
E. Suter, J. Brugger, A. Gehret, J. Furrer.
C. Sagehorn 2215. J. L.. Utschig 907. C. Zim
merman 2518, J. C. Waller 18S2. E. EnelantW
493. A. von Weil 838, L. C. Babln 1676 H.
Becker (cadet) 1353, F. • Attlnger 641, F.
Schrumpf *1014. O. Bremer 50, E. Woenne 392.
L. Thierbach 352. P. Kullman 580. O. Ohrtland
1527, C. M. Henderson 738. F. E. Mason 233.
D. W. McLaughlln 254. C. Gut 489. R. Rah
wyler 1053, G. Rlschmuller 249. C. M. Rousseau
833, C. Meyer 1230,. W. Ehrenpfort 327. Captain
F. A. Kuhls 1100, A. Gehret 126. D. B. Fak
tor 2503. T. J. Carroll 302. A. Hampel 2392. A.
Strecker 1017, A. Utschle 1952. M. Ruebold 1S98.
A Bertleson 19M. H. Ensre 540. A. Myerhofer
(cadet) 1C63. F. Sutter 2047. F. Levers 2787.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 25.— The new tar
gets at the Schuetzen Park ranges were
well peppered to-day by enthusiastic
marksmen. O. Bremer of the California
Club made the best bullseye and carried
off the honors. The shooting in the dif
ferent clubs was as follows: ¦
California Schuetzen Club:
Schuetzen Park Scores
SUNDAY SPORTS ON THE RANGE,DIAMOND , FIELD AND WAVE
DEVELOPING THE POLO PONY
BECOMES FAD OF YOUNG RICH
MANY MARKSMEN
AT SHELL MOUND
BIG STAKE GOES
TO FLYING FOX
CHAMPION WEBB
WINS THE GUN
MORLEY D R0 PS
TW0 PEGS LOWER
Walter Hobart and Frank Garolan Will Continue to
Fight for Superiority of Stables.
Shooting Organizations
Hold Exciting Con
tests.-
Scores Highest ill the
Allen Handicap
Race.
Curtis' Dogs Finish One,
Two, Three in Class
'Event.
Ewing's "Winning Streak
Sustained on the
. . Sabbath.
Experts Adopt a New
Target.
Golden Gate Club Revolver
Teams Are "Well Bunched
for Second Place in the
Column.
Cullen's Twenty-Five Break
Gets the Sweeney Rec
ord Medal.
Black Plush Does Good Work
and "Wins the Reserve
r 1H3>1.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln. monthly
bullseye shoot— H. Zecher 2S6. A. Mocker 291.
F. P. Schuster 339, L. Bendel 422, D. Dunker
556. K. Wirtheimer 657. G. Schulz 663 D B.
FaJctor 744. R. Stettin 7T8. F. Brandt 783. r>.
Salfleld 797, S.' Helno 798. H. Meyer 862 O.
Burmeister 8SS. C. Meyer 925, E. Doell 927", N.
Ahrens 1025. J. de .Wit 1123. F. Rust 1191. G.
Bahrs 1254. F. Boeckmann 1342, A. Lemaire
1476. •
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal, shoot— Flrat champion class, F. P.
Schuster 439; second champion class, H. Huber
429; first class, R. Stettin 414; second clasn.
H. - Huppert 383; third class, H. Meyer 360;
fouitH class. A. Meyer 316; best first shot, F.
Koch 24; best last shot. A. Mocker 24.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot; prizes were won In the followlpg order:
L. Bendel 228. N. Ahrena 341, J. F. Bridges
416. F. P. Schuster 497. H. Huber 506. F.
Brandt 778. H. Meyer 826; R. Stettin 1062, D
B. Faktor 1166.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot— Pistol handicap. W. F. Blasse
84, 83, 81," 87; revolver handicap, J. W. Thomp
klns 66. 70, 71, 76; pistol, silver medal, J F.
Bridges 80.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
bullseye shoot for Captain Slebe medal; prizes
n?? »n the following order: Captain Charles
SI? 8 ?' William Dressier, J. A. Mohr, Henry
Grleb, D. Tamke.
**£& Men's- Schuetzen Company, monthly
m & L sh °°t— Champion class. William Diess
ler 422; flrst class, Captain Henry Grleb 281;
| ec °nd class. J. A. Mohr 365; third class. Henry
Scnult 337; fourth class. D. Tamke 259; best
first shot, G. Wagner 25; best last shot. C.
Oldag 23.
The shooting fclubs were well repre
sented In point of numbers. yesterday at
Shell Mound. All the first class marks
men were on hand and the contests were
exceptionally close. The regulation naval
revolver target, which has been recently
adopted by the Golden Gate Rifle and
Flstol Club, was used by this organiza
tion for the first time.
The other organizations present for reg
ular club shoots were the San Francisco
Scnuetzen Verejn, Norddeutscher Schuet
zen Club and the Red Men's Schuetzen
Company.
The scores are as follows:
,-^- / '
The Empires bi-monthly shoot, held at
Alameda Point yesterday, was also the
final shoot for the. Sweeney record medal
and the Allen handicap gun. "Weather
conditions were f»-'o-able and some very
good scores were *nade. The Allen
handicap gun was annexed by A. J.
Webb, the club's champion shot, who
had the highest average for the season
in this event. He broke 10S birds out
of a total of 120 shot at In the doubles
from the twenty-yard mark, that belnff
the distance handicap to that station.
This la certainly very good shooting con
sidering the conditions the shooter was.
compelled to compete under. The scor^
of twenty-five straight made by "WV^C^P
Cullen on June 23 for the Sweeney record
medal still stands as a record in. that
event and wins the medals, as predicted
at the time the score was made. Over
twenty attempts by different shooters
have recently been made to lower the
mark.' but the record still stands and
Mr. Cullen Is declared the winner of the
medal.
The complete scores in the different
events follow:
Allen handicap grin. 20-bIrd race, shot fn 19
pairs of doubles, distance handicap:
Webb, 20'yards 17
Webb, 20 yards (back score) —...19
Swales, 16 yards • 15.
Reed. IS yards , 1*
Debejiham, 13 yards .' «- -.13
Allen. 16 yards J«
Chestnutt. 16 yards IS
Hauer, IS yards ....:.' ..19
Hauer, 18 yards (back score) ...1?
Reed. 16 yards <bacfr score) 15
Sweeney record medal, continuous break re
entry race open to all, and for each 5 birds
broken shooter distance handicapped 2 yards
untl! the 20-yard mark is reached, when con
testants must shoot doubles under original:
AHen 1
Allen (second) - ...............11
Swales 13
Hauer "•• 1
Hauer (second and third) 7
Chestnutt *
Swales (second) 4
Ten-bird races:
Swales 8 7 8 9 9 9 8
Chestnutt 10 10 10 10 8 8
L. Baird 3 5 7 8
R. Balrd « 3 3 3
Ross S 7 7 10 9
Reed ' , 10 9 » 7 8
N. Webb 9 10 9
Allen ••• 7 3 3 9
Javette 6 9 «
Debenham 8 10 9 7 10
Puck - r"V f
J. Webb 8 7 S
Hauer **l
CORINTHIANS HETTJRN
FROM UP-RIVER CRTJISB
The annual cruise of the Corinthian
Yacht Club up the Sacramento River
ended yesterday, the boats that went up
being the sloop Amigo. in which Commo
dore H. D. Hawks carried his flag, Vlc8
Commodore E. F. Sagar's sloop. Edjia. th«
sloops Freda, Queen and the yawl Arc
turus. The fleet arrived at Courtland last
Tuesday, after sailing through the Mon
tezuma slough, where the yawl Arcturus
tore her mainsail and broke hAT gaff. On
the homeward journey the fleet sailed
through the Georgiana slough Into the
San Joaquin River, thence to Antloch and
Martinez.
On Saturday night nearly all the fleet,
both the yachts which had been up the
Sacramento a^d those which left Tiburon
on Saturday afternoon* met at Vallejo,
sailing down yesterday on the ebb tide.
In the upper bay there was almost a flat
calm in the afternoon, and several of tha
yachts were towed by launches or Jay
hawked into Tiburon cove. Frank Bart
lett's yawl Spray will remain up the river
for another week. Throughout the cruise
the yachtsmen enjoyed good breezes and
beautiful weather. The sloop Ariel started
somewhat later than the others, but
joined them at Courtland.
The San Francisco Yacht Club had no
scheduled event yesterday, but most of
the fleet was under sail, the sloops Thetis,
Cygnus, Surprise and Anita cruising up
to Paradise cove, and the schooner Lur
line and sloops Mischief and Dewey tak
ing a channel sail. The schooner Waye
and the catboat Dulce cruised to Paradise
cove. On the return trip the wind was
very light, and It was necessary to tow
out from Paradise . cove Into Raccoon
Straits, where a fair breeze picked them
up and carried them to Sausalito. In tho
channel the breeze was 'strong and steady
and a fine sail was enjoyed.
Handball Games.
At the San Francisco 'handball court*
the following scores/were made yesterday:
Dan McDonald and M. McNeil.... 21 13 21 21
P. McKlnnon and G. McDonald.... 17 21 14 »
T. Serres and J. Broyer 21. 18. 21
R. Regli and J. McGlnty 13 21 15
W. Mitchell and G. Green 21 21 14 17 21
H. Johnson and W. Johnson. ...15 12 21 21 20
J. Ward and.W. Ward .....21 it 21 18 21
i W. H. Egan and E. J. Sweeney.14 21 13 21 19
M. Maher and A. Young. 21 21 IS 21
L. Carraine and N. Polidori 17 13 21 15
J. Smith and J. J. Kavanangh..21 18 21 IS 21
P. Ryan and J. Glynn 19 21 15 21 17
M. M. Guthrie and E. White. .21 21 IS 15 21
W. Johnson and Mose Levy .-...16 14 21 21 1«
M J Kllgallon and R. Llnehan........l4 17 «
J. "WTJite and J. Collins 21 21 21
J. Collins and M. J. KHKallon..* 41 aces
J. White and R. Llnehan 40 aces
Sunday at Pleasure Places*.
Unusually large crowds gathered at the
park and beach yesterday. The weather
was fine and many parents permitted
their youngsters to wade in the wash of
the surf. No accidents or incidents worthy
of mention were reported to the police.
The crowd at the Chutes enjoyed the
various features. Sutro's Baths wer©
crowded. The aquatic contests were closo
and exciting. Following are the results:
50-yard race— A. Knight first. A. Miller "sec-1L
end. Diving for plate— J. O'Brien first. A.
Heinze second. Tub race — T. Augiistu* first.
A. Sundbere second, P. Sundbersr third 100
yard amatecr race— P. Sundberz flrst. T.
O'Brien sscond. Trick and fancy springboard
diving— A. .Sundberg first priz?. P. Sundber-?
second prfte. High diving for boys— P. Sund
berg flrst, W. Carroll. second. ¦; /;
MORNING GAME.
Fresh from defeat. Manager Morley of
Ix>s Angeles took his seat in the box bacn
of the press stand at Recreation grounds
yesterday. ' Ho bore the burden of three
beatingrs out of four diamond competi
tions with the Dudes. When he left the
grounds he carried an extra package of
defeat. Morley's entrance into the city
of sunshine and oil pumps will not be full
of trailing glory. . -
The game was close, 3-2, and the ninth
inning was necessary to put the Quietus
upon it. Here is whree the excitement
v.as unbottled. With the score against
them the Angels came to the stick, hop
ing like professional hopers. Through the
courtesy of tagau and Arrellanes, who
made a couple of errors, and by the time
two deaths were reported Rcitz. Hutchin
son and Atherton found themselves on
tbe bags. Then came the chance for C
Reilly to play several kinds of Casey.
Keiily was only half a Casey, for he did
not strike out. Instead of this he slapped
the t>all toward Francks. who cut off
Atherton tearing down the path toward
second and tne game was over. Unhappy
Angels, unhappy Alorley! Even with
Householder and Reitz back in the game
victory held aloof like an insulted dam
sel.
The second round was the starting point
for the run-getting on both sides. For
Oakland Arrellanes secured a pass, and
with Moskiman was safe on Reitz's er
ror. At this juncture Drennan hit a safe
cne, bringing- Arrellanes In, but the doc
tor was caught at the plate.
Captain Keilly led on! with a two-bag
ger for his team, went to third on bow
mans sacrilice and scored on the throw-
In or" a long fly by Kelly to the center
garden. In the next inning the Looloos
made their second and last tally. Reltz,
Hutchinson and Householder each
straightened out one of the doctor's best,
and it began to look bad for the men from
across the pond. A little sharp fieldinc.
however, had its effect, and the red legs
were forced to be content with bringing
Heitz home on Atherton's out to Babbitt.
The lJudes sent two more over the route
in the fourth and fifth. Babbitt got four
bad ones, went to second»on Uoskiman's
hit, and by a great maneuver on the part
of Pete Lohman between the first and
second stations was enabled to cross the
rubber.
OAKLAND.
Ine fifth bore more fruit for the tail
enuers. Francks began by hammering out
a three-station swipe to right and cam*
one further on Reitz's error of Eagan's
drive. Score:
Total! 32 3 5 3 27 11 4
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f J 0 10 2 0 1
Franoks. ss 4 110 4 3 0
Streib. lb 5 0 10 9 0 0
Kagi-n. 3b 2 0 0 0 12 1
Du'.ileavy. I. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Arre'.ianes, 2b 3 1 1 1 2 3 1
liaiibUt.r. f 3 1 0 12 0 0
Moskiman. p 4 0 10 13 1
Lohman, c 2 0 0 13 0 0
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Relts. 2b 4 1 2 0 3 3 2
Hutchir.son. lb 4 0 1 0 10 0 1
Householder, c. f 5 0 2 0 2 1 0
Aiherton. r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Reilly. 3b 4 12 0 14 0
Bowman. 1. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
KeV.y, es 4 0 10 4 4 0
Spies, c 4 0 0 0 6 2 0
Han well, p 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
'Croll 1 0 0 0 0 0 ~0
Totals 35 2 8 0 27 14 3
•Batted for Hartwell in ninth Inning.
¦ RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 10 110 0 0 0—3
Bass hits. l 10 12 0 0 0 0-5
Los Angeies 0 110 0 0 0 0 0—2
. Bate hits : l 13 110 0 1 0— S
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Moskiman 2, Hart well
J» ' Three-base hit— Francks. Two-base hits-
Householder. Reilly, Streib. Sacrifice hits-
Bowman. Hutchlnson. First base on errors —
Oakland 2, Lc« Angeles 2. First base on called
ball£ — Oakland 5, Los Angeles 3. Left on bases
—Oakland 9, Los Angeles 11. Struck out— By
Moskiman 2. by Hartwell 3. Hit bv pitcher—
Ea«an. Double olay— Reilly to * Spies to
Hutchlnson. Time of rame-1 hour and 45
minutes. Umpire— Lou Hardie. Official scorer
-H. S. McFar'.in.
The . two coursing events which were
offered as the attraction at Union Park
yesterday resulted in an unusually good
day's sport. In both stakes the trials were
of "the even sort and in many of the goes
the decision was in doubt until the flag
was waved.
In the Reserve stake. Black Flush won
first honors, beating Liberator in a good
final.
The victory marks the first for the get
of Royal Flush, and in geting into the
final Liberator also established a record
for himself.
Black Flush in going through the stake
upset all figuring and scored three win
nings on the short end. He beat Fonte
noy at 5 to 3 in the second. Faraway at 2
10 1 in the fourth artd Real Article at 5. to
3 In the semi-final.
The second round proved a bad one for
the scientific bettor, nine of the twenty
decisions going against' the favorites. Real
Aristocrat caused the heaviest shock to
the. wise ones by beating Lear. King, a 5
to 1 choice. . Santonin, a .7 to 2 favorite,
failed to score against Ripple, his work
of the previous day showing plainly
against him. . ¦• ¦
jtocker^ ran well and at one time was a
factor in the stake. In the fourth. he beat
Kirst Foot, a u to 2 favorite, in^ a long
course and had to be withdrawn. Johnnie
K. and Kegina 1-t., as oye dogs, beat re
sceptively Heal Article at 3 to l and Liber
ator at 2 to 1. . •¦¦..• "
Albert Curtis finished one, two, three
in the Class stake. Flying- Fox beat
Luxor in tne final in a close course and
sector reacnea tne semi-nnal. ¦
Rector met Palo Alto in tne first round
and won a great go. Geary's dog was a 2
to 1 favorite and showed a bit the better
dog. A hard fall lost him his chance, and
Hector getting the kill won by that mar
gin. The woik of these dogs caused con
siderable enthusiasm.
Hector next beat Ireland, then Dew
drop, and in the seml-linal went out to
his kennel. mate Luxor. . , ¦
Flying Fox s great stamina pulled him
througn. v Little Sister was his first oppo
nent and he beat her 3-3. He beat Game
Boy by a point and was lucky in getting
the decision ' from Homer Boy. After a
bye he linished his close work by taking
tne final by. a point. ,
Following are the day's results with
Judge John Grace's ofllcial scores:
Reseive stake, second round — J.' H. Perigo's
Faraway beat' T. J. Mclnerney's Johnnie R,
8-1; A. Vanderberg's Naughty Girl beat Cap
tain Clarkson's Soi'ala, 9-2; Geoige Sharman's
Black flush beat Star Kennels' l-ontenoy, 8-2;
F. A. McComb's beat Chiarinl
Bros.' Uoney Boy, 10-8; George Nethercott's
Floodgate b*at F. A. SleComb's Firm Fellow,
S-0; Chiarini Bros.' White Hat beat George
Sharman'8 Chicago Boy. 6-4; A. Yanderwhite's
Flora McDonald beat H. Lynch's Game Cock,
17-13; Sterl & Knowles' Kipple beat Chiarini
Bros.' Santonin, 8-0; M. Xealon's Achilles beat
T. J. Mclnerney's Annie Hall. 3-1; Ed Neave's
Talk to Me beat R. Stahl's Three Cheers, 12-3;
P. Doyle's Liberator beat C. O. Peterson's
Silver Cloud, 4-2; Captain Clarkson's Flower
of Gold beat J. A.» Klein's Coronado. 4-2; ,\V.
J. Leonard's Tom . Hurlick beat T. Murnane's
Bonus. 12-0; Ed Neave's First Foot beat T. J.
Cronin's Tralee Boy, 4-2; Pasha Kennels'
Rocker, a bye:' VI Cox's Crockett Hill beat
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs, 7-6;- C. O.
Peterson's Haphazard beat Charles McDer
mitt's Xoe Maid. 13-1; Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist boat W. J. . Leonard's Daylight, 3-1;
Pasha Kennels' Real Aristocrat beat A. Van
derwhite's Lear Kins. 14-9; Pasha Kennels'
Real Article beat.F. Schou's . Lady Glenklrk,
7-0.
Third round— Faraway beat Naughty Girl,
6-2; Black Flush beat Greenback 7-5; .Flood
gate beat White Hat. 4-0; Ripple beat Flora
McDonald, 3-1; Talk to Me beat Achilles, 8-6;
Liberator beat Flower of Gold, 6-5; First Foot
beat Tom .Hurlick, 4-0; Rocker beat Crockett
HI1U 2-0; Haphazard beat Real Aristocrat 6-4;
Real Article beat Sleety Mist.- 6-0. ¦-
Fourth round — Black Flush bfat Farawav
4-0: Floodgate beat Ripple. 3-2: Liberator beat
Talk to Me, 4-2; Rocker beat First Foot. 17-12;
Real Article, a bye.
Fifth round— Black Flush beat Floodgate, 3-0;
Liberator, a bye: Real Article, a bve.
Sixth round— Bfack Flush beat Real Article.
5-3; Liberator, a bye. • . ¦ • - .-
Deciding course— Black Flush beat Liberator,
7-2.
' Class stake, first round — E. Geary's America
beat F. A. McComb'e Hot Haste. 7-5; A. R.
Curtis' Lurcr beat Captain Clarkson's Golden
Garter. 12-3; F. A. ' McComb's Sir Pasha beat
G. Graham's Tyrone Prince. 6-5: T. J. Cronin's
Vandal beat Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire, 5-4;
A. R. Curtis' Rector beat E. Geary's Palo
Alto. 9-7; E. Geary's Ireland beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Warship. 5-4: F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys beat J. R. McCarthy's John Doe. 4-2:
Chlarlnl Bros.* Dewdrop beat Sterl & Knowles'
Olita. 5-3; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory beat
Star Kennels' Mayflower, 8-5: O. Zahl's Homer
Boy beat Pasha Kennels' For Freedom, 8-3;
A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little SIfW. 5-3; Star Kennels' Game
Boy beat Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete. 10-2.
Second round — Luxor beat America. 2-1: Van
dal beat Sir Pasha. 6-2; Rector beat Ireland.
3-2; Dewdrop beat Harlean Gladvg, 2-0; Homer
Boy beat For Glory, 7-3; Flying Fox beat Game
Boy. 6-5. . '
Third round — Luxor heat Vandal. 8-J>; Hector
beat Dewdrop. 8-3; Flying Fox beat Homer
Boy, 4-1.
Fourth round— Luxor beat Rector. 4-0; Flying
Fox. a bye.
Deciding course— Flying Fox beat Luxor. 6-5.
Sacrifice hit— Croll. First base on errors—Oak
land 2. First base on called balls — Los Angeles
3. Oakland 2. Left on bases — Los Angreles ?.
Oakland 4. Struck out— By Jones 5. by Hodson
1. Double play— Kelly to Reitz to Hutchinson.
Time of game-1 :25. Umpire— L. W. " Hardie.
Official scorer— H. S. McFarlin.
The Dudes rubbed it into the Angels at
Oakland yesterday morning, although at
the outset of the game it looked as if
the reverse would happen. Moskiman
was hit hard in the first inning and soon
after was supplanted by Hodson. In the
second inning the Dudes sailed right into
Jones and on three hits and errors scored
four runs. They had another good inning
in the rixth, when three tallies were
scored.
Dr. Moskiman was presented with a
handsome gold watch, a testimonial from
his many appreciative friends. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Reitr. 2b 4 12 0 3 2 2
Hutchlnson. lb 4 110 6 0 0
Croll. c. I i 3 0 2 " 0 3 0 0
Atherton, r. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
O. Re'.lly. 3b 4 0 1 0 1 J o
noirm&n, 1. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Kelly, s. s 4 0 0 0 3 5 1
Spies, c 3 10 0 8 2 0
Jones, p 4 0 3 0 0 0 0
Totals 34 3 10 0 24 12 *3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Erenntn. c. t 4 0 2 0 3 0 0
Hosktaan. p 1 0 0*0 0 6 t)
Jlodson, p $ 0 0 0 0 1 0
Etreib. lb. 4 0 10 9 0 0
Kajran. sb 4 0 0 0 0 11
Dunleavy. I. f 4 1112 0 0
Arrfllsnes, 2b 3 2 0 J. 2 7 0
Babbitt, r. f S 1 1 1 "" 2 0 0
Lohman. c 4 2 3 12 2 8
Francks. s. ¦:.- 3,1 1 0 7 3 0
Johnson, r. 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals S3 7 9 4 27 14 ~1
/.A': RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
* L-f Armeies 20-0000100—3
Base hits 3110 0121 l— in
Oakland 0 4 0 4 0 3 0 0 • 7
lia.se hits 2 3020200*— 9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Moskiman 2. Three
ba?« hit — Re'tz. Two-base hits — Hutchlnson,
Athgfton. Loliman <2>. Drennan. Croll. Frarfcks.
SAN FBANCISCO THE WINNER.
Three to One the Score and the Game
" Well Played.
SAN FRANCISCO.
SACRAMENTO. . Aug.- 25.— San Fran
cisco took the third game of the series
to-day by a score of three to one, as the
Senators were unable" to connect safely
¦with Iburg's superb delivery. Hoffer
officiated for Sacramento and also pitched
winning ba\l. but had hard, luck in. many
close base decisions," nearly all of which
went against him. The attendance was
very large and enthusiastic and the game
was interesting. Score:
AB. R.'BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke. lb.... 4 1 2 0 13 10
Brockhoff, c. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Wilson, c 4 0 10 2 10
Schwartz, r. 1.-. 3 lv 1 0 1 0 0
Hlldebrand. 1. f 4 0 1 0 4 0 0
Shay, s. s 3 0 .1 0.1" 3 1
Krug. 2b 3 0 1 0 2 2 0
Reillj-, 3b 3 0 0 0 2 4,0
Iburg, p 3 110 0 4 0
Totals 31 3 9 0 27 15 1
SACRAMENTO.
' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. s. s..^... 3 0 1 0 1 50
McLaughlin. 1. f 1 0 0 2 2 0 0
Courtney. 2b...: 4 0 1 0 1 o 0
Doyle, r. f 4 0 1 0 3 0. 0
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 4 3 0
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 3 1 2 11
McGucken, c. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Ashenbach. lb ..2 1 0 0 6 0 0
Hoffer. p 4 0 1 0 0 10
Iianlon. lb 0 0 0" 0 0 0 0
Totals ....30 1 7 ' 3 24 10 1
RUNS AND, HITS BY INNINGS. -C
SUMMARY.
Ban Francisco 0 0 0 1 0 10 1 *— 3
Base hits 1 1 0 2 0 1 13 •— 3
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 .0 1 0 — 1
Base hits 1 0-0.0 1 1. 2 0 2-7
Runs responsible for — Iburgr 1, Hoffer 3. Three
base . hit6 — Brockhoff, Nordyke. Two-base hit —
Iburp. Sacrifice hit — McLaughlln. First base
on errors— San Francisco 1.- First base on called
balls— Off Iburg 1, off Hoffer 1. Left on bases-
Fan Francisco, 5, Sacramento ' 6. Struck out—
By I burp 1, by Hotter 3. Hit by pitcher—Dever
eaux. Ashenbach. Double play— Shay to Krug
to Nordyke. Time of - game — 1:45. Umpire —
Levy. - Official scorer— Rutherford. I
Ice melts at 22 degrees, water boils at
212. lead melts at 594. and the heat of a<
common coal fire Is 1110. .-...¦•
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs. W. L. Pet.
Sen Francisco.. 56 42 .571
LcsAngsles 45 46 .495
Sacramento 44 47 .434
Oakland 43 53 .448
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 26, 1901,
WALTER HOBART AND HIS NEW POLO PONY, SILVER DICK, WHICH WAS BROUGHT FROM COLORADO
AND WON, A HANPSOME PftIZE ON SATURDAY AT THE CARNIVAL OF SPORTS HELD ON THE DEL
MONTE GROUNDS. ' '
In the district of Potsdam," Prussia,
sixty teachers' positions - are . vacant, and
In Posen children -of .eight are debarred
from school for want of room. • ¦ -
'(',•¦. ' . ¦ . ' 1 • '¦ '-':'¦/'- '¦¦'¦•¦•
PETADUMA, Aug. " 25.-The • hottest
game 'of : the Sonoma County Baseball
League ¦ was played- here to-day, Peta
luma defeating Geyserville 5 to 3.
SANTA ¦ CRUZ, -Aug. 25.— The Santa
Cruz team beat the Reliance team of
Oakland by a score of 9 to 3. ,
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Every one 5 of the grocers in
town and suburbs can sell Fels-
Naptha soap and return the mon-
ey if any one wants it— costs him
Fels & Co., makers; Philadelphia.
Wf jSj! - JiHi w *" cn W 'H outshoot any other shot pun on the market
i|iii5i|j§= WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., fliil^rTHE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.' -3 |3 |3 So 2L
III :3i § I I
- ¦ : o
. ' SPECIAL FRUIT BULLETIN.
.STATIONS. || 13 H *§ *J
' : 3 . : 3 ¦ <» ¦ ,p.3 p.
San Jose .....80 54 Clear NW Brisk
Frank Anderson was for years a well
known commercial. traveler who regularly
visited Galena, Kans. He was passionate
ly fond of honey and the proprietor of the
Galena Hotel, at which he always stopped
always had some on hand for him. On
one trip Anderson took his wife along,
and as he approached Galena he men
tioned to her that he was getting to a
place where he could have honey. When
the pair were s'tting at the supper table
that night no honey appeared and An
derson said sharply to the head waiter:
"Where is my honey?"
The waiter smiled and said: "You
mean the little black-eyed one? Oh,
she don't work here now?" •
And Anderson never did get It fixed up
satisfactorily with hi3 wife.— Kansas City
Journal.
Not th* Honey He Wanted.
Simultaneously with the announcement
that nine new battleships would be ready
for service in the British navy comes the
report from Corsica that the French sub
marine boat Gustave 'Zede has succeeded
perfectly In attaching a torpedo to the
bottom of a French battleship without be
ing detected. "The bigger the British
navy the more food for our submarine
devil-fish" cry the French editors, exult
antly. Possibly. If ' the submarine ' boat
ls a practical success a really trustworthy
engine of naval warfare, all nations will
soon have numbers of them and the coast
and harbor defenses will have acquired a
powerful advantage. More than this, all
maritime powers will' find themselves un
der heavier bonds than ever to k»ep the
peace, when their costly navies can be
blown to atoms by an unseen foe.—Buf
falo Commercial.
The Submarine Menace.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
San Jose — Heavy fog till 10 a. m.: afternoon
windy; dried peaches will be very scarce.
G. H. WILLSON,
Assistant Section Director.
"And -what did you say?"
"I said, just like papa does at dinner
when he's cross. 'Take this durned thing
away!' "—Leslie's "Weekly. i-.:-:^~
"Well," said his mother, "I hope you
were a good boy and remembered what
I told you?"
"Yes, mother, but they were awfully
rude to me." .
"Why, what did they do?"
"They brought me truffle three times."
"Very rude, indeed, darling, and of
course you said, 'No, thank you?' "
"I said 'No, thank you,' twice, but I
didn't know what to say next time."
The small boy went to the party, and
in due course returned, somewhat sub
dued in manner.
"And if they bring.it to me again?"
"You must still say, 'No, thank you.*
But they won't do that; it would b«
rude."
A little boy was going: to a party, and
his mother impressed upon him that h*
was on no account to touch truffle— that
dyspeptic delight of youth.
"But, mother," objected the small boy,
"if they bring me some?"
"You must say. 'No. thank you.* "
Father's Example.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Partly cloudy weather prevails over the west
ern portions of Washington and Oregon and
over the Rocky Mountain region. Elsewhere
on the Pacific Slope the weather ls clear. A
light shower ls reported from Roseburg.
The pressure has fallen over the Pacific Slope
except a slight rise from Cape Mendoclno to
the mouth of the Columbia.
The temperature has risen except a fall over
Western Oregon and Utah. Temperatures In
the interior of California range from 90 to 96
decrees.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 26, 1901:
Northern California— Fair. Monday; continued
warm: light northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday; continued
warm; Heht west wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday; continued warm; light
west wind.
v San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
continued warm; light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official,
Temporarily In Charge.
Astoria...... 30.10 64 52 W Pt Cldy .0
Bakor 29.82 8$ 54 SW Clear .0
Carson ....30.00 80 48 SW Clear .0
Eureka. ....30.12 66 54 W Clear .0
Fresno ..........19.90 96 56 NW Clear .0
Flagstaff.. 30.02 84 52 S Pt Cldy .0
Pocatello. Idaho.. .29. 90 92 56 S Pt Cldy .0
Independence 29.78 94 64 SE Clear .0
Los Angeles 29.84 96 63 W Cloudy .0
Fhoenlx... 29.72 110 82\ NW Clear .0
Portland ...30.02 76 56 SW Cloudy .0
Red Bluff.... .......29.94 90 60 SE Clear .0
Roseburg...; ..30.06 72 46 N Clear -.01
Sacraiflento.":.":*.:29.«4 *88- 56 SEV--Clear-' ":0
Salt Lake .V.....2S.90 90 66 SE Pt Cldy .0
San Francisco 30.04 70 54 W Clear * .0
San Luis Oblspo. ..£9. 98 SO 46 NW dear ¦ .0
San Diego 29.84 78 68 NW Clear .0
Seattle .....30.08 70 54 NW Clear .0
Spokane T...29.82 90 58 N Clear .0
Walla Walla 29.82 90 60 E- Pt Cldy .0
Wlnnemucca .29.88 88 44 SW • Clear .0
Yuma .......29.72 106 74 SW Clear • .0
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 25. 1901—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 66 degrees; Mount Tamalpais, 72; In
dependence. 94; Red Bluff, $0: Fresno. 96; Los
Angeles, 96; Sacramento, SS; San Luis Oblspo,
80: San Diegro, S8. -.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
70; minimum, 52; mean, 61.
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C M Culver. Alameda
J H Cormally. Vallejo
H Hill. Pa
E W Palmer. Alameda
A W Hexter, Marysvil
C Harris. Merced
W W Smith. Berkeley
A McKewon. Berkeley
O H Close, Stockton
L Peterson. Stockton j
I ' L ICoppel, San Jose
H Prindle. San Jose
M H Falkenstein, Cal
J J Cooper, Sausallto
W J Chinn. St Helena
J M Burns. Vacavllle
W S Dilllngsworth. Cal
C H Campbell. Stocktn
C Gibson. Santa Rosa
C F Conrad, Mexico
Miss B Connelly. Ark
H H Forney. Sacto
F Lee. Seattle
W R Coffman. Wash
O F Townsend. Ariz
W S Chaffee. Ventura
W V Carter. Los Ang
R B Williamson. L An
W R Williamson. LAn
A E Wilson, Louisville
P C Knapp. Marysvllle
A O Frye & w; Cal
J Lawler. Portland
T S Llndsey. Denver
Dr W L Samuels & w.
Nevada »
W Bennett, N Y
W Holmes. N Y
R Kelly. Jersey City
L Bender, New York
J Kelley. Boston
T Mahern, New York
J Corbln. Boston
M Garland. N J
B Fluscher. Rio Vista
J Felton. Nevada
G T Dunlap & w, Cal
C H Bleiner & w. Sao
Mrs Call. Santa Crua
H Slater. Santa Rosa
W S Killinirsworth *
w. Vacavllle
C M Hartley. Vacavlll*
L M Bates. Kans Cty
J Fllllns. Reddtn*
S Xevln & w, Ky
W Drabnick Ky
D A Cole A w, Ls An*
C W Hlncheff. Ls Anff
W Lucas. Vancouver
C B Field. Chicago
W Rhodes & w. Utah
W H Taylor. Georsrla
Mrs K Jordan. Ls Ang
W Jordan. Los Ang
F T Mooney & w. Cal
Miss M L Davis. Oakld
Miss M Davis. St Hel
J J HHIier & w. Alaslt
Mrs W Crawford. Cal
Miss Crawford. Ca!
Mrs D L Duke. N C
S Glfford & w, Cal
Mrs Pinshaw. Cal
C Gifford. Cal
Mrs Thomas, Sacto
C Rasmussen & w.MIn
L P Poundstoni*. Cal
F J Johnson. Marysvil
Miss Bacon. Marysvlll*
Miss Shelton. Marysvil
J Endert. Cal
N W Brown. Colusa
H Albey. Colusa
C C HIckOk, Colusa !
PALACE HOTEL.
W Osterman & w. Cal
R A Fadla Jr. Nlles
W J Wiley. S Mateo
W Seaman. U S N
I Dannenbaum, Valljo
G J Cote. St Louis
H C Johnson, Chicago
R H Herron. L Ang
C G Dennlson. Illinois
W Hardel. Toledo
H J Frost, N T
H Fiske & w. N T
Miss Flske, NY
G B Woodward. N T
R Woodward. N Y
A S KnfRht. M D. N Y
AFC FJske. N Y
C Porter, Connecticut
V B tonway. Mo
Bessie E Eldner Mo
Mary R Grant. Mo
0 Kaiser. Los Ang
1 L Spencei. Chicago
W B Deveraux. Colo
H E Crowley & w. Pa
H Burke Jr & w, D C
A H Stewart & w. D C
K P Jennings. S lAk*
AV F Snyder. S Lake
W G Fiber. Salt Lak»
P G Gow & w. Cal
G H Brown. Ohio
G W Lohn & w. Ohio
H J Miller & w. Ohio
H M Walton. N Jersey
E V Thomas. N T
J C Brown. N J
A F Douglass. N T
Miss E Jacobs. X T
Miss M Doyle. N T
Miss A Sheldon. N T
illss V Walsh. NT
W R Quick. N T
W Baker. NT.
W Jl Smith & w. Mo
H D Reeve & w. Iowa
M Farrand. Stanford
L. Whltworth. Seattle
W G Langenheim.
Berlin
J Romien. Paris
R W Woodbury, Den
ver
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
T Price. N T
F Seelmeyer. Needle*
T Cornell. Merced
J Gahn. San Rafael
T Bettancort. Sacto
,R TaJfor. Crockett
"W Devers. Vallejo
B D JIcGee. Vallejo
M P^Tassey, Vallejo
A V Anderson. >»ee<Jlf«
J P Jameson. Oakland
T Price. Denver
F It Flynn. Portland
J F 'Walt. Sac to
A H Bernsch. Boston
H McFarland & fy.
Seattle
P J Murtha & w. Wash
. Dr. Joseph Flint, who will fill the new
chair of anatomy recently established at
the university, will arrive from the East
on the first of next month. He is &
graduate of the Pennsylvania Medical
College and Princeton University, and
ranks high as an anatomist. He was &
football player at Princeton and will help
coach the university eleven this season.
BERKELEY, Aug.- 25.— An attempt will
be made by the University of California,
through Dr. A. L. Kroeber, recently ap
pointed instructor in Indian anthropol
ogy, to rescue the folk-lore and languages
of the American Indians before they per
ish absolutely. A department of Indian
antiquities will be formed and work will
commence this year among the Califor
nia natives. Dr. Kroeber will be assisted
by Pliny E. Goddard. Hearst Fellow la
anthropology, and the research will bo
carried on according to modern scientific
methods.
Dr. Kroeber Is an eminent anthropolo
gist and has studied under Dr. F. W. Put
nam of Harvard. His work here has been
made possible through the generosity of
Mrs. Hearst. He will arrive in Berkeley
September 1. -
Mrs. Colwell and her friends thanked
Mr. Mott for his act of heroism and the
spectators. of it applauded him.
Spectators of the runaway ¦ hurried to
the assistance of Its victims. They found
Mrs. Colwell in a dead faint in the bottom
of the surrey, her friend hysterical and
the young girl suffering from a hemorr
hage, the result of fright. Restoratives
were applied and the unfortunates soon
recovered.
The attention of Mr. Mott was called to
the runaway by two ladles whom he was
driving in a surrey on Clement avenue.
He drew to one side at a point near Chest
nut street to avoid a collision and alighted,
having resolved upon an attempt to stop
the runaway. Running swiftly alongside
the horse as he dashed past Mr. Mott
grabbed the broken rein with one hand
and the shaft with the other and pulled
backward with all his might. In this way
the struggle was kept up for two blocks
before the animal was finally brought to
a standstill near the corner of Union
street.
One of the ladies In the carrlace was
Mrs. Frank Colwell of Mosa avenue. Oak
land. She was taking a friend and her
young daughter for a drive through Ala
meda in her surrey. As they pas?ed Oak
street, going west on Clement avenue,
they were almost run Into by a careless
automobilist. The steam from the ma
chine frightened the horse so that he
broke one of the reins with which Mrs.
Colwell was trying to manage him. He
then started on a wild run down the ave
nue, narrowly missing at least two ve
hicles on the way, while the occupants of
the surrey screamed at the top of their
voices.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 23.— Robert Mott.
president of the Alameda Land Company,
turned hero this afternoon and saved two
ladies and a chilfl from serious injury and
possible death in a runaway accident. As
the horse, in Its wild career, flew by him
he jumped for its head and held on until
It came to a stop, risking his own life and
limbs in the brave act.
Specialists From Famous
Colleges Coming Here
to Teach.
Careless Automobilist Fright
ens Horse Driven by Mrs.
Frank Colwell.
An Anthropologist and
Anatomist En Route
From East.
Robert Mott's Heroism
Prevents Possible
Tragedy;
Small Boys and Girls and Young and Old Men View
the Captive Beastsof African Jungles.
CIRCUS PITCHES TENTS IN TOWN
TO THE DELIGHT OF EAGER YOUTH
NEW PROFESSORS
FOR UNIVERSITY
STOPS RUNAWAY
AND SAVES LIVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 26, 1901.
LONDON. Aug. 26.— "The total - losses
from recent forest fires, which have par
tially destroyed several . towns, are j esti
mated at £10,000,000." says' a dispatch
from SL Petersburg. "The fires, have been
mostly incendiary and are ! attributed to
the Jews. It Is estimated that 230,000 acres
of forests have been destroyed and 1S7
villages completely • or partially wiped
out."
Forest Fires Wipe,Out Villages.
I ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. August 25.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 55 hours from
Victoria, etc. . ¦»
Si.mr Eureka, Jessen. 24. hours from Eureka.
SAILED.
. Sunday, August 25.
Stmr . Luella, Madsen. . .-,;
FOREIGN PORT.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived Aug 25-Br ship
Drummuir, from Port Blakelcy.
BERKELEY, Aug. 25.— The preliminary
hearing of Arthur Randall, a 'negro,
charged with assault to commit murder
on Manager Charles Bruschke of the Cal
ifornia Furniture ¦• Manufacturing Com
pany, has been continued until Monday.
About twenty witnesses will be examined.
Bruschke accuses Randall of threatening
to shoot him with a shotgun, and in (he
fight which followed Bruschke had- his
nose broken. . . ¦ . - "
Randall's Hearing Continued.
A nickel car fare saved puts a dime in
the shoemaker's pocket.
BERKELEY, Aug. 25.— The identity of
the man in Trinity County, thought to be
Henry Pearson, who disappeared from
West Berkeley more than a month ago,
has been established, leaving the mystery
of Pearson's disappearance unsolved. Mrs.
Pearson communicated with \ ' Lowden
ranch, in the northern county, where a
Henry Peterson, answering closely her
husband's description, was employed. The
managers of the ranch were positive Pe
terson ¦was the man. but when questioned
he proved himself not to be a deserting
spouse. . .
Not the slightest trace has been found
of Pearson since he left West Berkeley on
July 22. His wife does not believe he is
dead, and she cannot believe he* would
desert hPr and their five small children.
She thinks now that ho must have been
shanghaied from the Oakland water front,
and she still hopes to -hear from him be
fore many months.
ritOVED NOT TO BE
MISSING HUSBAND
MANH.A PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
New Buildings Required, as theClass-
rooms Are All Overcrowded.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 25.— The Division
of Insular Affairs, War Department, has
received a copy of the annual report of
Professor Fred W. Atkinson, the General
Superintendent of Public Instruction for
the Philippines, ¦which covers the time
from the enactment of the Philippine
school law to the close of the last fiscal
year. June 30, 1901. i . ¦ ;.
Speaking of the generaf conditions Pro
f.essor-Atkinson said: * ...
"The great present need Is that of ade
quate and suitable school buildings. The
present' school buildings'cons'.st generally
of one or two large rooms, with several
teachers carrying on work in each room."
It has been planned to conduct teachers'
institutions in all the provinces at an
early date. Evening schools have been
established where practicable. One high
school at the capital of each province will
be established in 1902.
Dr. Barrows, City Superintendent of
Schools of Manila, reports of the first six
months of his work:
"Almost without exception . our Filipino
teachers are. becoming appreciably more
loyal to their work and more conscien
tious in their discharge.
"The question of religious, instructions
In the schools has also been settled and
without friction or. a loss of attendance
of pupils. . On receipt of an official copy
of act No. r 74 of the Philippine Commis
sion, which forbids any religious instruc
tion 1 by a teacher, a comprehensive order
was issued, forbidding the practice of re
ligious devotion or ihelr. employment as
means of punishment, the discontinuance
of all teaching of the catechism of re
ligious doctrine and the removal from the
school of all books containing such'mat
ter and the removal from schoolrooms of
all religious figures, emblems, placards,
etc. These orders were in every case com
plied with." . ¦ •
APPRAISERS' REPORT ON
PROF. LE CONTE'S ESTATE
Berkeley Teacher's Property Is Near-
ly All Represented by Money
in Savings Banks.
OAKLAND, Aug. 25. — The appraisers
of Professor Joseph Le Conte's estate
filed their report Saturday after-'
noon. The .report shows the estate
to be valued at $4*459 18. ¦• Nearly
all of this sum is represented by
cash in banks. There are deposits In the
Oakland Savings, Union Savings. Berke
ley Savings and Berkeley First National
banks, amounting to $32,459 18. Royalties
contingent upon the sales of publications
of which Professor Le Conte is the author
are valued at JSOOO, manuscripts are val
ued at $1000 and the ' real estate at 2739
Bancroft way is set down as worth $1000
The appraisers are Professors .. Frank
Soule, George C. Edwards and C. L. Cory
Protest Against Medical Inspection.
LONDON. Aug. 26.— "Japan has lodged a
protest at Washington," says a dispatch
to the Times from Toklo. dated Saturday,
"against the system of medical Inspection
at-Hololulu, declaring that this is incom
patible with; the friendly Intercourse be
tween the two peoples." ¦.
Still Breaking Bicycle Records.
MONTREAL, Aug. 25.— Archie McEach
em of Canada beat Champion,- the French
rider, in a twenty-five-mile paced race to
day, at. Queen's Park, winning by half a
wheel's length in. 39:10, a Canadian record.
Kent and Daly of Boston, on a tandem,
beat Fournier.on a motorcycle in a five
mile race. 'The time, 7:02, is, a new record
for the distance. Kent •„ also established
another new mark to-day,, riding a mile
paced in 1:19, without a wind shield.
Champion defeated -McEachern in a ten
mile motor-paced race. Time,'- 13:13 4-5.
The Spanish yew Is'; a. heavy wood! a
cubic foot weighing 50.43 pounds.
Sir Frederick Robinson Drowned.
TORONTO, Ont.; Aug. 25.— Sir Frederick
Robinson! Bart.. -Clerk of .the Surrogate
Court, ¦: Osgood Hall, . and ; son - of ¦ the late
Sir Lucern, Robinson, was drowned to
day in Fairy Lake,* near Hunt3Vllle, wherel
he was summering. , , ~
Coancllors — Rev. Charles W. .Wenfite. Bos
ton. M*m. : Hon. George C. P«rkin«: Hon. John
P. IrUh; Hon. R. W. Enow; Warren Olney,
A. B-Nye. Mre. Rom E. Browne, T. L.
barker, John A. Blies. L. A. Booth.
PrsEldnit, Dr. Edward von Adelunr: first
vice president. Un. E. A. Kluegre!; second vice
president. William H. Gorrfll: treasurer. Max
TV'. . Ko«>nir: financial secretary. J. D. Gallo
wey; corresponding secretary. Mist Addie Gor
rOL
Additional directors— Mlsv Ida Vanderrarr,
Mrs.. Charles P. Oilman, Dr. S. H. Hackett,
Guy D. Reynolds.
OAKLAND. Aug. 25.— The Starr King
Fraternity has nearly completed Its
winter season programme, which will in
clude an art salon, with an exhibition of
,VframIcs, water colors and photographs.
V he lecture programme will be more than
'dually inviting. The membership limit
hag been extended to 175. Following are
'he officers of the fraternity:
Starr King Fraternity.
Attorney J. H. • Campbell, representing
the fishermen, announced that- action on
their behalf would be Immediately taken
in San Francisco. It was upon, this ques
tion of jurisdiction that the petition was
denied. - Therefore until the--new'litiga
tion'-has reached Issue, the test of the
fish and game laws covering seizure and
destruction of unlawful nets cannot be
made, so far as this case Is concerned.
OAKLAND, Aug. 25.— The petition of
the State Fish Commission to destroy
$1200 of fish nets taken from Chinese fish
ermen who were Illegally using them In
shrimp catching has been denied by
Judge Hall. The court held that the com
mission* had no right under the law to
destroy the nets because there were
claimants to the property. He also held
that because the nets were seized In San
Francisco, the Alameda County Court
was without Jurisdiction . to settle the
Question of right to them.
This ruling requires that the.commls
elon shall hold the seines intact until a
suit or other proceeding shall determine
Us ttatuo in th«. matter _ , ... *
stroy Unlawfully Used Nets
of Shrimp-Catchers.
Judge Hall Denies ¦ Petition to De-
FISH COMMISSION
LOSES ITS FIGHT
The Rev. H. S. Jeffreys, missionary at
Sendai. Japan, gave an account of work
in that field during the services to-day at
Trinity Episcopal Church.
Dr. Edward Graham conducted a chil
dren's service to-day at Union-street Pres
byterian Church.
The Rev. A. H. Barnhisel' occurred the
pulpit to-day at- the First Presbyterian
Church.
The Rev. Hugh Copeland of Alameda
preached this evening at Chester-street
Methodist Church.
OAKLAND. Aug. 25.-The Rev. F. E.
Morgan of Chicago officiated to-day at the
First Baptist Church. Dr. Vosburgh will
beerin hie pastorate on September 1.
The Rev. M. Klllen of San Francisco
end the Rev. Edwin Fuller of Bakersfleld
conducted services to-day at Frultvale
Congregational Church.
The Rev. Walter Krear. agent of the
American Board of Congregational Mis
sions, delivered an address this morning
at Oak Chapel on foreign missionary
service.
"Worship in Oakland Churches.
The eight Chinese soea^. English per
fectly. Three, who will study law and
diplomacy, are Wung Chung Hui, Chang
Yu Chuan and Hsuch Sing -»ng. Wang
Chung Yao will study mining and the
four others— Chun Chin Lao, Wu Tin?
Chao, Ying Chlng Yung and Wu Hin Llnu
—will take various engineering courses.
The Chinese will live in a club on Durant
avenue.- , .-'"
The three Filipinos are Teodoro Santos,
who will take the agricultural course, and
Miguel Lukban and Antonio Talzon, who
will study civil engineering. Many of
their countrymen are in America study
ing in preparatory schools.
BERKELEY. Aug. 25.— Eleven students
from the Orient entered the University, of
California Saturday to pursue various
studies. Three of them are Filipinos, the
first to begin work at Berkeley, and the
other eight are Chinese from the Imperial
University at Tientsin brought to this
country by Professor John Fryer, *iead of
the Oriental department.
Three Filipinos Begin Work
at Berkeley.
Eight Chinese From Tientsin and
A motion to restrict \ membership to
trades unionists was made. An amend
ment to permit the election of honorary or
associate inan.bera was presented and the
debate opened. Nearly every one of the
fifty men rretent took active part in the
controvers": but the supporters of the
original proposition were convincing
enough to carry their point, and the first
Important step toward the framing of a
constitution was thus taken.
The meeting adjourned for two. weeks.
The Federated Trades has prepared a
lengthy address refciting its reasons for
urging the re-enactment of the Chinese
exclusion law. In addition petitions will
be circulated at every central point on
the Pacific Coast. • .
The committee on Labor day celebra
tion met to-day. The Butchers' Union
reported that It would be represented ( in
the parade with an appropriate float.
The decision to restrict membership to
legitimate trades unionists was taken
after long debate. The question was
brought up by P. B. Preble, a member of
the sub-committee on constitution. Mr.
Preble, in making a partial report this
afternoon, said the committee desired the
sense of the organization concerning
membership qualifications, particularly
with a view toward ' safeguarding the
party from the encroachment of pro
fessional politicians from either of the
two old line parties.
"The desire is to prevent the bosses
from capturing our organization and run
ning it on the old lines," said Mr. Preble.
"How best to build against the wire
pullers is the question we desire to have
settled."
None but members In good standing of
a trades union will be admitted into the
newly organized Union Labor party, tne
second meeting of which was held this
afternoon at Justice Quinn's courtroom,
Vice President D. S. Shannon presiding.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 25.
ORIENTAL STUDENTS
ENTER, UNIVERSITY
New Labor Party De
fines the Limits of
Its Membership.
Captain Forsyth, who will be retl'M
September 25, under. the forty years' serv
ice act, has been associated with Admirals
Schley and Sampson at different tim«H
during his long life in the navy. When
he left Key West, he took command of
the battleship Indiana. Later he was
chief of staff to Admiral Watson in
charge of the Asiatic squadron, and' for
the past several months has been 'second
in command at. the Mare Island Navy
Yard. Captain Forsyth left to-night for
St. Louis, where he will spend a few days
before proceeding to Philadelphia.
"The fact that a junior man was placed
in command. above his seniors is respous
ible for the whole business," continued
Captain Forsyth. "Sampson was a cap
tain, and the seventeenth ranking officer
ot the navy; No one ever thought of him
as the successor. of Admiral Sicard, and I
don't believe he ever thought of it him
self. But he was familiar to the peoplo
of Washington, and they decided to place
him in command. Of course, the officers
who outranked him did not like it. It is
not to be expected that they would. But
Washington said Sampson, and that set
tled the matter. Schley was among r'rjj
Officers- outranking Sampson, and as he
was thrown directly under the junior
command, he naturally felt the promotion
more than any of the others.
"The battle of Santiago was one of the
most brilliant in history. Regardless -
who was responsible for the plans, or wli?
was directly responsible for such effect' .-e
execution, them was clory enoueh ¦>!•
both Sampson and Schley. The pre«"ft4t
controversy only serves to dim the bril
liancy of the victory, and it is to be
greatly deplored. That any one should
question the bravery of either of the men
is particularly unfortunate and, I believe
wholly unjustified." '
"While we have been instructed by th^
Navy Department not to discuss the m«jr
its of the case every one knows that th<;
navy looks upon the controversy as an
unfortunate affair. We believe there was
plenty of glory for all concerned.
KANSAS • CITY, Aug. 25.— Captain
James McQueen Forsyth, U. S. N., who
had charge of the naval station at Key
West during the Spanish-American war,
spent to-day in Kansas City, while fin
route from San Francisco to his home in
Philadelphia. In talking of the Schley-
Sampson controversy Captain Forsyth
said:
ONLY UNION MEN
MADE ELIGIBLE
OMAHA. Neb., Aug. 25.— Pursued by a
howling mob of 200 Pawnee Bill showmen,
who were hurling all kinds of threads at
him, Harley Cave, a young High School
athlete, shot and instantly killed Joe
Sullivan, a candy butcher with the show,
and one of the gang, at Correctionvllle,
Iowa, at an early hour this morning. The
trouble began at the depot as the show
people were getting ready to leave after
the evening performance.
One of the toughs of the town insisted,
on talking to some women of the show
and a gang of the roustabouts surround
ed him. Cave had a revolver and in the
mixup which followed the mob took after
him, mistaking him for the offender. They
chased him to the city hotel. wher« he
held them at bay for a time, warning
them he would shoot any one who at
tacked him. Sullivan made a dash and
Cave kept his word. After the shooting
the mob was wild, and threatened to hang
and shoot Cave. When they found they
were unable to get him. he having es
caped Into art upstairs room, they threat
ened to burn the house and started to de
molish it. Major Lilly, "Pawnee Bill,"
helped quiet the crowd, and with the town
officers assisted Cave to escape. When
the mob found he had gone it was fur
ious. Cave came to Sioux City and sur
rendered to Sheriff Jackson. The citizens
of Correctionville hold Cave blameless,
saying, he acted in self denfense. The
show went on to Missouri Valley.
Uses a Revolver While
Being Pursued by an
Angry Mob;
Navy Captain Deplores
The Sampson- Schley
Controversy.
DISPUTE SERVES
TO DIM VICTORY
YOUNG ATHLETE
KILLS SHOWMAN
State, while the monkeys spent the entire
day rehearsing gymnastic feats in an ef
fort to liven up a sad-eyed camel.' The
tigers were subdued. Soon after their ar
rival here death visited their little family
and it will take a good night's rest be
fore they can become reconciled to the
absence of a familiar roar and the empty
corner at the off side of the meat trough.
AH the animals are looking forward to
the parade which will leave the show
grounds at 9 o'clock this morning. The
route will be as follows; From the
grounds to Howard street, to Second, to
Market, to Montgomery, to California, to
Kearny, to Mirket. to Valencia, to Six
teenth, to Folsom and back to the
grounds. .
SOME OF THE SIGHTS AT SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STREETS, TO SEE
WHICH THE SMALL BOY YESTERDAY AFTERNOON BRAVED 1 THR
HOOFS AND CLAWS OF THE R1NQLING BROTHERS' JUNGLE FAMILY.
I believe that the system which divides men
Into two great classes — one the tool owners,
who do no work except supervision, and the
other the tool workers, who own no share of
the tools they use— the one class the payers,
the other the receix-ers oT wages— cannot and
ought not to endure. The sooner we emerge
from It into a condition in which by their
thrift, their Industry, their intelligence an-I
their temperance tool workers can become
sharers in the ownership of the tools and the
control of the industry the better for both
capital end labor, which will then be united
in the bonds of a common interest and own
ership, and strikes and lockouts will become
impossible.
Workingmen, I have been frank with you,
but I do not come to you with the miserable
cant of telling you to be content with the lot
wherein it has pleased God to call you. De
mand your rights, not as mercy, but as justice.
But conduct your campaign by peaceable
means. The ballot is in your hands. Why re
sort to violence when you have the ballot?
I knew a case wl;ere a man put nearly al!
his fortune into a tSCO.000 contract. The m»n
who worked upon the job signed a contract for
three years, setting their own rate of wages.
They broke the contract right In. the middle In
a sympathetic strike at the order of a walking
delegate, and tfce man lost net only the con
tract but nearly as much more by the for
feiture of his bonds and was ruined, and with
no redress. That looks to me like tyranny.
Eut there is a worse tyranny and "more" dan
gerous one than that, and that is the growing
tyranny of aggregations of capital, that are
the chief menaces of society to-day, and un-
Ijfs tneee combinations are checked by the
Etrcnr arm of the law the time is coming and
Is near when there will be a collision between
the corporations and the trusts and the people
beside which the present widespread strike will
bs as a firing- of a single picket before the bat
tle of Gettysburg.
And frankly I am compelled to say that
labor unions are sometimes tyrannical, 'if you
were a manufacturer you could not put your
own son to learn a trade in your tun shop or
factory if there were already there the number
of apprentices the labor unions allow. Do you
k:.civ the rules of the labor unions are such
that n-ne-tenths cf our young men cannot learn
a trade? .->.
i«£? . , re ., 8 £° < ' ue!tl0 3 a^ut the right of
h^ i t0 strike ' but l thlnk that in most cases
there Is a grave question about its expediency.
wni «i.H a ".K the , i dvanta se *n '"very strike and
will until the labor unions can, by education
?£t,i mor r *} w sua l !on - secure an absolute mo
nopoly of labor by getting practically all work-
Irginen to join them. ¦
While capital has expanded on the one side,
the wants and intelligence of labor have ex
panded on the other. The Tvorklngman lives in
a larger world to-day than he ever did before.
He feels that his brain and brawn have helped
to build this larger world and he wants a larger
thare of it. He sees capital living in the man
elon but owning the cottage— for not one labor
ing man In fifty owns the cottage he lives in.
Now. I am not so presumptuous* as to think
that 1 can give an offhand solution of the
present situation. It Is too complicated. If it
were a question of wages or hours it would be
simple, but I understand It is not a question
of either. The workingmen say it is a ques
tion of the right of workingmen to organize.
Two of the labor leaders of San Francisco have
recently said the present lockout, as they call
it. is a part of the conspiracy of the Employ
ers Association to crush out the labor unions,
it that be true the employers are clearly In the
wrong, for labor has at least as good a right
to combine to form a labor trust— a labor mo
nopoly—as has capital to form any other kind
of trust or monopoly. If it were not for the
labor unions labor would be In no better posi
tion than it was fifty years ago or than It is
in Europe to-day.
On the other hand the employers say that it
is not a question of wages or hours, but
i-nether an employer shall be permitted to man
oFla£r°un n ions SlneSS EabmU t0 Ule
As a result ef new Industrial situations we
find capital combining in great corporations
and trusts on the one hand and labor organiz
ing In seif-defense on the other— the one striv
ing to get a monopoly of labor, the other to
get a monopoly of the instruments of produc
tion and the means of subsistence, and they
are arrayed, in two great armies and engaged
in a battle to the death.
I have been asked to circulate a petition for
the repeal of our Chineee exclusion law. I
think the present law faulty, but am not in
favor of breaking down the barriers to either
Asiatic or European immigration. We will
have to reckon with China soon enough with
out inviting her horde* to our shores.
Discussing the labor problem. Dr. Dille
said:
The Rev. E. R. Dille, pastor of the
First Methodist Church, took a stand to
night against any effort to repeal the Chi
nese exclusion act. During the course of
a. sermon on industrial conditions as one
of the "signs of the times," the clergyman
said:
1118 Broadway. Aug. 25.
j . 7
Oakland Office S-n Francisco Call.
kins. W. P. Meyer, W. A. MundelL E. C. Dyer.
T. D. Holman, W. H. Heinzman. F. ICeubauer.
JZ. L.. Froseer, J. Vf. F. Lewis. C D. Blondin,
F. H. Camn, G. Harris. I. L. Tucker, A. J.
Ktiox. L. C. Bailey, S. H. Frazler. and R. B.
v.'iirht.
For their own protection, however/ an<!
for the guidance of students in general,
they issued the following statement:
Inasmuch as the statement has been made by
certain students of one of the d'.-ntal colleges
cf Kan Francisco that It wai necessary that a
Ftudent who wished to take the examination
end pass successfully must pay his full tuition
of three years Jn advance to the college:
The California Board of Dental Examiners
hereby makes the statement that it never ha«
had any arrangement to grant a certificate to
my student recommended by any college in the
ttate. F. W. BLISS, D. D. S.;
G S. S. BACKMAN. D. D. S.;
GEORGE J. DRUCKER. D. D. S.;
F. F. TEBBETTS.
L. T. CRAXZ, D. D. B.
Eighty-five students took the last exam
ination of the State Board and the follow
ing fifty-four were granted diplomas:
A. C± Driver, W_ A. Simmons. O. G. Lock
man, J. F. Farnsworth. W*. A. Htnsen, F.
Stickney. E. F. Auble. C. E. Ilerkner. O. L.
Miller. W. C. MTilcox. C. Romaine, B. C. Best.
TV. N. Taylor. A. Z. Gilbert, t>. D. Jones, A. B.
Mitchell. F. D. Taft. S. Galeoto. J. C. McGov
»rn. W. F. Green, G. F. Weaverlingr. W. R.
r»ov*ly. J. A. Jackson. Mrs. FItzpatrlck. L.
Bundy. E. T. Conners. H. Gazarlan, F. O.
Wolf, J. Brown, H. S. Davis. J. H. Evans. M.
F. E. Harms. F. Fischer. L. Samuels, S. G.
Pchaefer. A. T. Bnell. W. B. Smith. E. L. Hop-
Blake was present when the affidavits
were read and was asked as to their
truth.- He submitted a denial in which he
taid that the misunderstanding had arisen
through his efforts to collect fees in ar
tear. When questioned later, however,
he rather spoiled this explanation by ad
mitting that none of the students whose
written statements he had just listened to
¦were or had been in arrears.
His explanation follows:
It ha* been reported »n various ways, for the
xnoFt part rumors and hearsay remark*, that
Influence can be obtained by myself with the
Ftate Board of Dental Examiners. The fact
th«t many of the students were in arrpars with
their fees for tuition and intended taking the
ttate board examinations. It was deemed ad
visable to collect balances due, and In trying
to do so led to the misunderstanding: that un
less the collepe claims were paid that influence
would be used against the candidates.
In our past experience students Jn arrears on
passing the State board and obtaining- a license
to practice abruptly terminated relations with
the college.
The Board of Dental Examiners well knows
:hat no lit* of recommendations for or against
the recent candidates was handed to them and
that the proposition of trying to obtain Influ
ence has been as unfair and unjust to the gen
tlemen constituting the board as to myself, and
I wish to deny most emphatically the state
ments bo made. A. E. BLAKE
Ae the institution with which Blake is
connected is not in any way within the
jurisdiction of the board, the examiners
were not able to take any action, and
under the circumstances did not think it
necessary to put on record any opinion of
The three independent statements, all sub
stantially affirming the same thing, or of
Blake's denial of the truth of any of
them.
Statement of Examiners.
The State Board of Dental Examiners
met Saturday evening in the office of Dr.
G. S. S. Blackman, 6 Eddy street, for the
purpose of considering the charges made
by students of the dental department of
the College of Medicine and Surgery, M !
Geary street, against Alfred E. Blake,
dean of the Institution.
The students. "in July last, reported to
the State Beard that Blake had given
them to understand that unless they paid i
their fees for the full three years tuition
at the College of Medicine and Surgery
their taking the State examination would
be of little avail, but. on the other hand. '
if they could show Secretary Baekman of
the State Board a receipts in full for th«
three years, he. Blake, would give them
a recommendation to the State Board
which would insure them diplomas.
Affidavits to this effect were read at
- iast night's meeting. W. B. Smith. Ferdi
nand Fisher and L. M. Lain, students at
Blake's institution, all declared in their
affidavits that Blake had made them such
a proposition. He had promised them
to return the money in the event of tfceir
failure to secure diplomas. Two of the
students wanted written agreements to
this effect. One was told he would have
to take Blake's word and the other wa«
asked whether he thought Blake had been
born yesterday. It was Smith who first
brought the matter to the attention of
the board.
The students' statements were obtained
L<y a committee appointed by the board to
investigate and the committee's report
was a virtual confirmation of the state of
affairs Student Smith had complained
about.
Blake Makes a Denial.
Clergyman's Talk Contains
Lessons for Labor and
Capital.
Board of Dental Examiners
Closes the Investi
gation.
Makes a Statement in
Reply to Allegations
by Students.
Dr. Dille Opposes Re
peal of Chinese Ex
clusion Act.
BLAKE DENIES
THE CHARGES
SAYS BARRIERS
SHOULD STAND
circus is in town and the small
II boy knows it. He knows it be
ll cause he was there at the entry,
- H, there " in an army and there
with eyes and ears all wide
open to take .in the. ante-circus
sights and sounds. He crawled under
canvas and he. climbed over fences. He
wandered within dangerous reach of the
tiger's unmanicured claws and in some
Instances almost got mixed with the ele
phant's fodder.
When the Rlngling Dros.' circus strikes
a town there is something doing. From
a dusty, barren waste the grounds at Six
teenth and Folsom streets were yester
day transformed into a thickly populated
town full of business, flapping canvas,
wild animals, and, to the small boy,"glori
ous prospects of the "real thing" in the
entertainment line. ¦
The small boy was not the only Interest
ed spectator of the whirl of preparations
for the glory to come. His sister was a
close second In enthusiastic curiosity,
and father, mother and other "grown .
ups,"- even including grandfather, were
there and just as much interested as any
of the little folks. .. .
The giraffe, which Prcmotor of Publicity
Brady loves to talk about because it costs
so much and lives on a diet specially im-'
ported from Germany, raised its head
tour or five feet above the top of its.lux
uriously upholstered private car and
waved its whlplike tongue in approval of
the preparations. The little brown bears
seemed glad to be back in their native
7
100 SEAMEN WANTED.
Sailors, Cooks, Mates, Carpenters,
CD A^TTNfV VF9SFT 9
Lumber, Goal and General Cargoes.
HIGHEST WAGES. V
Steady Employment for Good Men,
No Shipping Fees Charged or Permitted*
SHIPOWNERS^ ASSOCIATION,
22«S East Street, South.
Opposite Ferry Building.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW SCIENTIFIC PROCESS.
A Preparation Discovered That "Wiil
Destroj the Dandruff Germ.
For «otne time Jt haa been known that
rlandruft is caused by a germ that digs
up the scalps into little white flakes, and
by Gapping the vitality of the hair at the
root cause* failing hair, and, of course,
f;nally baldness. For years theie have
teen all kinds of hair stimulants and
tcalp tonics on the market, but there has
heen no permanent cure for dandruff until
the <3)scoverey of a preparation railed
Kpwbro'B Herpicide, which destroys the
?-endruff germ. Destroy the cause, the ef-
'frct will cease to exist. Kill the dandruff
fcerra and you'll have no dandruff, no
i.hing scalp, no fallins hair.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 26, 1901.
8
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand- machinery. Mc«
INTOSH & WOLPMAfT, 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
' ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new ani
second hand; we always have a large stock <>;
sakon outfits on hand : 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mlsslrn St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones. Phonograpr*. Gramophones. $T> tu
iiTid; easy terms; children's toy graphophone*
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonosrraphs.Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 123 Geary.
FOR sale— Epworth League excursion ticket
to Central Kansas within four days; a great
bargain. Address A. B. C. Internationa:
Hotel.
A — BUYS. sell3 or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
UNCALLED-FOR suits from leading merchant
tailors. Misfit Clothing Parlors (upstairs). 23
Stcckton st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular I'rice Hatters. S30 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. S10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; 5 drawers;
good order; complete. 1S15 Mission, nr. 15th.
A LOT of oil tanks, all size* and shape*.
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
TWO gasoline engines for sale cheap; 1 4-horse
- p. Collie. 1 2',j-h. p. Hercules; at 906 Kearny.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
HEADQUARTERS fcr trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st.
MOVING oleture attachments for marlc lan-
terns, $12 SO. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry: cash or install*
ments. Theo. Fcrghtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFQ. CO.
i BAR outfits, showcases: all length- and slzss.
J. SCHWERPT. 821 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 51S Mission.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scafei Jeweler's steel-
Ilned safe, perfect order. 218 California at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
turea. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. .
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
.-"- TO LOAN. ~~
AA— M^I«IA^TAn"T0AN~C0MPANY^
$300,000 at S per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 6024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT « PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages ',
Undivided interest In real estate in probate
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing' business elaewher»
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St., room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building-
$5,0C0,CCO at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is njortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.'
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests: corporation loans. : R. 16, 1st floor
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEX.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st.; tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third st.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S63. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market; tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery-
Advances life insurance policies: Army and
Navy officers* salaries; accounts of bank books
In liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 6S.
MOST reliable place to borro— ' on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth ;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$23,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country: see me before going elsewher*.
HARPER. 337 Parrott building.
A — ON real estate: lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1CCO; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. "Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansom© St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED. -V
WANTED— Money on good security at fair
rate of interest; no room for sharks. Box
4930. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALlTplanosT purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright Dianoa. $6 p«r
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
AT BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 CFarrell ¦_
14.000 square feet of warehouse space.
2oO pianos and organs to select from.
New upright pianos from $155 up.
Second-hand pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up.
Agents for Checkering. Vose. Sterling pianos.
Apollo, king of pianists, plays every day.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes. Including Halle t-Da vis; great bar-
gain list. $50 up; Steinway. $1S3 up; Fischer.
$1'«:; Checkering, $165; 20 others, rents $3 up:
great Inducements to agents. 21? Geary st.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS Music Co.'s strike has
been a very successful one. and they hav«
succeeded in placing more pianos at the low
prices offered than their most sanguine ex-
pectations justified. For the rest of the month
we will sell at 20 and 30 per cent discount.
WE have had a good sale of Hazelton and
other high-grade pianos this week, but have
stock left: we now offer a fine stock of me-
dium-grade pianos very special; terms easy.
THE J. DEWING COMPANY, rooms 12, 13
and 14, Flood building.
ANY piano sold by us -taken bad %ny time jJ
within 3 years and full purchase price al- I
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
st.; established 1S50.
PIANOS— Steck. Everett, Hardman. Packard.
Ludwlg and others: 20 different factories r»i>-
resented: wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. (opp. Mason);
branch store, 951 Broadway, Oakland. ' .
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS!
Sohmer, Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester. Ham-
ilton and Spielman pianos to be had new
only at BYRON MAUZY' S. 303. 310, 313 Post.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage planoa
at your own price; $6 Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st.
STEINWAY. $200; Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
$50— WEBER piano, cost $500. for sale on $5
installments. 1309 Gough st.. near Geary.
GREAT bargain In fine upright grand piano;
owner must leave city. 804 Geary st.
ELEGANT piano as good as new: standard
make; a sacrifice. Homung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE'3
Piano Factory. Market, 14th and Church sts.
LEFT on sale. $95 mahogany case Fischer up-
right piano. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN, 20S Post st.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
G^u^T%^£^ h X tor -"•¦•""'p^
«»* n ° '°r .**•« cheap. IK^
HELP W ANTED— -M AT.E--Cwn.
TE AMSTERS^anted ; $2 25 per day: pay every
week. Apply room 12. 5th floor. Mills build-.
Ing. or 57 Eighth st.. or Seventeenth and
Harrison ata.
ERRAND boy for tailor shop, $2 60 per .week.
858 Howard st. over handball court.
WANTED— Cashier at 129 Stockton St. '
WANTED— Strong boy to work around printing
office. Call after 12 m., 79 Third 8t.
1000 MEN wanted-'-Sallors. stevedores, firemen,
laborers: ¦ steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
building.
. — — — — -
¦. - . ' ¦
CARPENTERS 'and Pile Drivers Wanted—
Experienced bridge and wharf carpenters and
pile drivers wanted for work on various Jobs
In this city; wages $3 f0 per day of nine hour»;
men going on now will be given police pro-
tection and absolute preference In all future
work, if they prove competent: our asso-
ciation Includes every contractor of conse-
quence in the line In the city, and good men
can count on fair treatment and steady work.
Bridge & Wharf Builders Employers Assn..
Room 8. 4 California st.
¦~~ *~ —
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside: men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference In future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mtnlnsr Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co. 26 Montgomery st.. room 25. San Fran-
cisco. Cat
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellia St., San Francisco.
BARBERS' •"'CERTIFICATES — Adeline Cope-
land. notary public, will Issue affidavits and
obtain certificates for barbers at room 28.
Crocker building, from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
dally during the absence of the State Board
of Barber Examiners.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
weeks; positions secured at $60 monthly:
special Inducements this, month: write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. ' ¦
WANTED— Capable head waiter with restau-
rant experience: state where formerly em-
ployed and how long; give age and state
- whether single or married. Bo_ 4968. CalL
BARBERS— A finely fitted 2-chair shop; splen-
did business; for sale cheap if taken quick;
satisfactory reason for selling. F. M.
SCHENCK. 175 S. First Bt.. San Jose. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— 100 honorably discharged soldier*:
Apply at once room 10. 325 Montgomery st.;
bring discharge papers: wages $3 per day
with a bonus: office open Sunday.
A NO. 1 salesman on furs for a first-class cloak
house: must be thoroughly experienced. Box.
4967. Call office.
WANTED— An experienced clothing salesman:
state age. Address LVin Clothing Co.. Sao
Diego. Cal. ¦
WANTED— First-class salesman for domestic
department state age, experience, salary ex-
pected. Address box 4970. Call office. .
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G: A. R., room 40, Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply
factory, S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary at.
BRIGHT, willing boy 16 years to learn trade.
Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market st.
BOYS wanted ; good wages. Apply Western
Union Telegraph Co., 300 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS presser on coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
WANTED— Errand boy. 2009 FHlmore st.
WANTED — 3oy in confectionery; not under 16
years. 15C3 Geary st.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
country. REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
FOR SALE — First-class hotel barber shop In
mountain town. H. BERNARD. 104 7th St.
WANTED— Jewelers. 328 Bush at. 3d floor,
room 4.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. j 241 Third st.
1C0 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply 232 Montgom-
ery st. •
TWO first-class cabinetmakers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market St.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st. ;.;.'.•¦
YOUNG man to do. janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 74 1A Howard St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — SCO men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 2Cc up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia st. •'€¦ - :
HORSES AND WAGOrS.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carte. harn»?s. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth it. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. '
SECOND-HAND physician's coupe. rubber
tire phaeton, carts and business buggies.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
130 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. 8. F.
FOR sale— 1 small team "of horses/ cheap; 1
wagon. 5935 Mission, opposite Ocean View.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry, 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
A BARGAIN in cood carriage, saddle, business
ai.J road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and.Wagon
Co.: he yells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
40 HEAD .-.f work and drlvins horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st. - *.*.>- :
FOR sale— A piano box top buggy; Co.umbus
make. E.. box 4981. Call office. ; -.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. rheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
• ramplnsr waeon for sale, cheap. B32 Mission
~~ HOSPITALS. l
M^NTAJi & nervous diseases cared for at Bt.
Elmo Hospital.' 230 Douglass «t.. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.V ; ,
A^PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
LOCUST ave., 624. bet. Golden Gate and Mc-
Alllster. nr. Laguna— 5 r.. bath, base.. $16 SO.
HOUSES TO LET FBRMSHED.
TO LET— Completely well furnished house of
4 rooms, bath and laundry, four of which ar»
rented, paying more than half the rent. Ap-
ply nt 79 South Park. : -.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— House of 6 or 7 rooms, all or partly
furnished; must be cheap and good location:
Box 4S23. Call office. - -. ¦ -
SUBURBAN HOMES.
PALO ALTO— Furnished house 13 rooms; good
location; all modern improvements; piano;
to lease one year; $75. Box 115. Palo Alto.
LOST AXU FOUND.
LOST — Ruby ring. Liberal reward at cigar
' store, power-house, cor.- Market and Valencia.
LOST— Purse In St. Patrick's Church contaln-
'.. Ing money and bills; reward. 819 Polk st.
IT will pay to that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold to make new watch cases.
.MATRIMONIAL. ~~
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 18S7: reliable & con-
fidential: lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis St.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO ; ortler, also, cleaned . und - sterilized, uphol-
' stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421. ""
HELP WANTED— FEM ALE—-Con.
WANTED— Lady as partner in established
legitimate business; duties agreeable. Box
4664. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced lace saleslady; state
age, . experience and salary expected. Apply
box 4952. Call offlce.\ '
WANTED— Experienced girls to work In pickle
factory. LEWIS PACKING CO.. 625 Front st.
BRIGHT girls to work on gloves; references.
Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st
APPRENTICES and table hands wanted. , Ap-
ply shoe factory, 103 Mission st. ¦
GIRL to assist In light housework; small fam-
ily; good home. . 1510 Vallejo st. - .
NEAT eirl for general housework; small fam-
ily. 3639. Twentieth st. " ,
FINISHERS on pants. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO., 541 Market st. . ¦ ",
APPRENTICES on coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st.
OPERATORS on pants; must be first class. 541
Market st. '
REFINED lady for office business. ¦ Address
box 3415, Call office. > ¦ ' • ¦ .:,-•>¦.:
LADY pianist for country. Box 4804, Call of-
fice. - .
WANTED— Vest finishers. Apply at factory,
S. N. .WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WE can place two bright, earnest, reliable
women In first-class positions. Box 4665, Call.
GIRL small family adults; general housework;
wages $15. 2516 Pine st- ¦ ¦ a- '"•«.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and over-
alls. HEYNEMANN & CO., 410 Mission st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom et. ; i •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received 'at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1091
Valencia «t. ¦ ¦ • ¦ -
HELP WASTED— MALE.
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
......OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. MONDAY I
... Special — Ship R. R. Men To-Day ;
Free Fare Free ,
60 men for. steel, track and ballast , gangs, i
right of way and axmen..... .Uklah, free fare
Uklah
: . Cal. N. W. Ry
Santa Fc R. R..
.: Ukiah
50 teamsters :... ..Uklah... .Free Fare
.50 laborers .-...Ukiah Free Fare
60 men to work on Santa Fe system, Stock-
ton and Fresno DIst., $175 to $2 25 day
Free Fare..?; Ship To-day Free Fare
Fruit-Pickers
10 men and strong boys to pick and work in
fruits. Contra Costa Co $30 and found
10 men for general work In fruit, large or-
chard, north $30 and found
Miners Firemen
3 single hand 'miners, north ..$75
2 single hand miners,, new mine, $4 fare, $55
and found ; 2 furnace men, married or single,
$65 and .house; 2 furnace men for another
mine, $75; 4 laborers for a mine, no experi-
ence required, $60; 10 muckcn, $60 and found;
10 laborers for a large gold mining company,
all surface work, $40 and $48 and found, no
experience necessary; 2 firemen for a mine,
$55 and found; 5 laborers, no exserlence, to i
work in a brick yard, $30 and found. 60c i
fare; 10 laborers, near city, $3 day and found,
free fare; 5. laborers, city work, no experience
required, no strike, $60; 10 shovelers. city,
steady work $2 day
Miscellaneous .-.
Rough carpenter, ranch, $35 to $40 and found;
wheelwright, $2 50 day; carriage painter,
country shop, $3 day; man to drive street
car; 10 tunnelmen. north, $90; 50 laborers
and drillers, Shasta and Trinity counties; 10
teamsters, Amador Co., $2 and $2 25 day; 5
teamsters, new levee work, $32 50 and found;
5 woodchoppers for a mining company, $1 75
a cord : married choreman, no objection to
children, fl2 50; man and wife, small orchard,
Santa Clara Co., $40; 2 quartermasters, $50
and found: 3 stablemen, $50 and $30 and
found; 2 hostlers, country, $30 and found.
Farms, Harvest Crews. Etc
25 farm and orchard hands, $26 and $30 & fd.
2 teamsters, same ranch $32 50 and found
4 farmers, orchard, south $30 and fd.
4 2-horse teamstcis, hop. ranch, $1 25 day and
bd. ; 2 sack-sewers,- $3 a day and found; 2
teamsters, haul grain. $40 and found: 5 hay-
balers. haypress feeders and forkers; li. milk-
ers and dairymen "
Hotel and Other Departments
Steward for a clubhouse, $40 and found, fare i
paid; second cook, mine boarding-house, $40
and found, fare paid; cook, plain hotel, Ala-
meda Co., $45 and found; 3 waiters, same
country hotel, $35 and found; cook, 5 men,
ranch, $3u and found; sausagemaker, $35 and
¦ found: 3 camp waiters, second cook and dish-
washer, logging camp, $">0 and $30 and found,
night watchman; 3 bakers, 7 cooks, kitchea
help, etc
, Stenographer and assist on books, country;
drv goods clerk, country store
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
A— 2 BOYS to deliver .circulars. MURRAY &
READY, 631-636 Clay 8t.
SPECIAL 1
AT C. R. HANSEN- & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad Work ; Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fare
For Ukiah
For Ukiah
100 teamsters ..*. $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
Fee 50c
Fee 60c
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st/
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st. j
Railroad Work Railroad Work •
Free Fare Free Fare I
For Truckee j
50 masons' helpers $175 to $2 1
60-laborers %\ 75 I
....'. For Chatsworth Park j
100 headers and drillers $2 23 to $2 50 •
ICO muckers and laborers. -r» J2 ]
For Santn Fe System |
50 laborers section work $1 73
Free Fare.. Ship Daily ..Free Fare
20 laborers, short distance In the country,
$80 to *90 and found, free fare, see boss here. !
•Foreman for rock work. $2 50 a day; lum- •
ber pliers, crosscut sawyers and roadmakers
for country sawmill, $2 a day; strong, active
man with refernces to drive delivery wagon,
city, ?12 a week; farmers, milkers, choremen
and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook. $75; broiler, $60, hotel, north,
fare advanced; steward, country hotel, $75; 10
waiters, country hotels, $30 and $25; porter for
steamer. $25: second porter,' hotel, $25; assist-
ant Janitor, city. $30. -
C. R. HANSEN & CO...: 104 Geary EtT
FARMER and wife for Southern California, $50-
milker and wife, $35 to $40, no objection to
children: fruit farmer and wife, $40; farm-
. ers, $1 day; German for fruit ranch. $20 to
?2o; young man about place, $25 to. $30 and
found; gardener, $30 and found; experienced
man for chicken ranch, $25 and found; team-
sters, $2 to "$4 day; laundrymen and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
COOK, country hotel, $50, part fare advanced;
cook, country boardlns-house, $40; - cook
small country restaurant, $35: hotel second
cook, $33; hotel waiters, ?J0; 2 waiters nnd
kitchen men for laborers, $30: restaurant
checker, $7 week; bakor for Institution. $40,
and others. J. F. CKOSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st. . I
AT THE CAL.- EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St., near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405
RAILROAD LABORERS.
UKIAH! UKIAH!
FREE FARE. '
50 R. R. laborers Ukiah V. per day
50 axmen and teamsters.. Uklah $2 per day-
Free fare to Bakersfleld ar.d Fr»sno divisions.
50 shovelers for the Santa Fe.
20 laborers ...$2 2.> per day
6 quarry men. near city $2 25 per day
Handy man to care for blue grass and gar- .
den $'25 per month and found
Ranch hand, steady job, ?1 per day and board.
Butcher, country. $25 ner month and found.
AT HARBRIDGE & CO.'S. 323 Keirny st.
Hop pickers; free camping ground; wood and
water; good pay and long saason; call and
register at ence if you wish to go
MAN and wife for private place, $35. see party
here; porter. $30 snd room: elevator man. $25
and found: bellboy, $10. MRS. M, E. DAY &
CO., ?35 Geary st. " .
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' ! International Union
meets to-night. 8:30. 32 O'Farrell. I LESS. Sec,
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St., room-207,
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
MAN of average business ability to take charge
of office; must have $500. Box SS21. Call Office.
WANTED— Active man; light, genteel work;
pays $15 to $18 per week; steady place; must
.' have $150 cash. 7G5 Market St.. room 3.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor. BARON, 22 and !
24 Grant ave.. ;
WANTED— Young man with small cash; $35
month and found; no experience.- 496 4th st.
BARBER— Every afternoon Saturday and Sun-
day; wages $3. , 1322 Stockton st.
100 QUARRYMEN wanted. Apply 232 Mont-
comcryst. • " ¦ - • • . - .
DISHWASHER wanted at 310 Montgomery st.
Call early. , • . ..-„..-,
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half.
price. 563 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG experienced German. boy for grocery
and bar. Cor.. Seventeenth and " Eureka . sts.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 604 Third st.
WANTED— A boy at 31 Market st
WANTED— A ' young : man to " assist waiting at
¦table." 211 Grant ave. ¦ . . ¦
WAITER wanted at 1224. Point Lobos ave. ; $8
"per week and found: Geary-st. cars. -¦
¦ ¦ .-¦:¦¦ .':- ; .'j . ' .
TVANTED-2 lunch waiters at 5S2 Sixth st.
'¦_ > EMPLOYMENT : WANTED— MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED Englishman wants work as
, handy man;- can drive and milk. •• THOS.
PARNELL. 793 Mission st .
CHICKEN man, wide experience, most suc-
cessful, open for engagement. Address ¦ box
. 4976.- Call office. -
WANTED— Position : as relief clerk - In drug
store In exchange - for office room. Address
>~J. BUSSING. M. P.. 2 Octavia Bt. . ¦
A MAN and wife with 2 children wish a posi-
tion to take care of a gentleman's place or a
ranch. Box 4997. Call office. ,. '
WANTED— By an experrenced baker, a posi-
tion as foreman . in country. Address Baker.
box 4965, Call office.
WANTED— Position in shlpchandlery and
• commission business: nine years' experience.
Address box 4934, Call Office.
JAPANESE, nice, good cook, wants position
cooking and housework; best references; 3
years last place. Box 46C1. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
• Valencia st. ¦ ¦*. .• y •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St."
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia :tel.Canp 2BS7.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)-^We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of.
placing ¦ stocks and bonds ; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. SO7-8-9 Parrott bldg.
. r FLATS TO LET.
AN upper flat to let, 411 Cole St.; looks out on
Park; .tiled bathroom and sink; beamed and
frescoed ceilings; marble steps and vestibule.
.. Can ¦ be seen bet. 10 and 4 o'clock every day.
SUNNY corner lower flat, 7 rooms, bath, laun-
dry; rent reasonable; perfect order. 1800
O'Farrell st.
COLE, 769-771. bet. Beulah and Frederick sts.—
Fine rew sunny flats, 7. rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. -- ,-;.,; / ¦ •
NATOMA. 714— Flat, of 4 rooms: sunny; large
yard and cellar; rent $10; no children.
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms. 204*4 Eddy
~ street. \ :: ;
MODERN, flat at 945 Sanchez st.
$16— SIX rooms, bath, in good order, lower part.
12 Guy place, off First, above Folsom.
SAN JOSE ave., J41. near Twenty-fourth at.—'
Nice modern sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath, $18.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519',4— 4 rooms and bath,
gas; clean flat, quiet neighborhood; rent $15.
TO let— Upper flat, 4 rooms. 313 Hyde it
$12 50-289 SHIPLEY, near Sixth-Flat 4 rooms,
bath, .gas; all sunny.
$17 50— FLAT of 6 rooms and i bath. 571 Hayes
st.. near Laguna; no small children.
DESIRABLE furnished flat of 6 rooms and
- bath. 2418 Clay St., near Flllmore-.
KURNISHED flat of 5 rooms 'and bath. • 1424
Grove st.. near Park.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1517— Parlor floor of 4
rooms; piano, bath, garden: nice home; $25.
FURNITURE FOR ¦ SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $<S 50. with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A.'B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.: phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Btauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
A. L. Storrs. 130 Golden Gate ave. : tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A.* WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. ! pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red. 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price.
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT :
Head waitress. Arizona, free fare $-5
Waitress, springs, . steady place $20
Waitress. Petaluma $20
Waitress, Colusa. fare paid $J0
Waitress. "Walnut Creek $20
Waitress, institution, found and washing.. $25
¦ 2 waitresses. San ¦ Jose, restaurant $25
Walter and waitress, San Jose itib
Waitress, Napa $23
Chambermaid to wait. Woodland $25
Chambermaids, city ..$17 5<M10
Pantry girls, hotel $20
Laundress, country hotel $25
10 waitresses, city $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and second. 2 sisters, 2 friends, new
house San Jose. 5th September, choice place.
$33-52.'; women with children, $15; working
housekeeper, plain place, country, fare paid,
$15; lady's maid and assist light upstairs
work, $25; houseglrl, Butte County, $20, fare
paid; housegirl, mining town, $25. fare paid:
housekeeper, email rooming house, . country,
$15; cookSj hcusegirls. second girls, nursegirls,
etc.. highest wages paid; call and investigate
C. R HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.*
A THOROUGH chambermaid, about 30 years or
age, one who has first-class references from
private families, to take charge of 12 rooms,
gentlemen's club, country, $25-$30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $25; 3 waitresses. Salt Lake
C«B\ $20; 12 waitresses, first-class country and
city hotels, $20 and $25; 6 restaurant wait-
resses. $6 and $7 week: 3 chambermaids to
wait, $20; cook, family hotel, $35 and increase.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $30, second girl, $25, same family: cook,
country, $30, fare paid, see lady here; second |
Rirl, choice place, $20; many first-class places,
city and country, best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY _ CO 335 Geary
A— TWO waitresses for first-class hotel, city;
$25 and room. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st.
HA RBRIDGE & CO. 323 Kearny st.
German girl, second work, small family, $20;
girl, assist In hous3work, $15: cook and sec-
ond eirl. same house, $20 and $25; girl to
asHist in family of 2, city, $15; girl to assist,
family of 3, short distance country. $15, ana
other ffood places. Open Sunday from 1 tu
3 o'clock.
MISS HORGAN, 323 Sutter st~
5 cooks German style, $30 and $35; 2 cooks, i
Alameda and Oakland, $30; 20 housework girls, j
city, $25; cook and second girl. Alameda, $30
and $25; infant's nurse, $25; 5 houseglrls, Ala-
meda. $25; 25 girla to assist. $12 to $20.
WANTED Immediately, women and girls to
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. California . Canneries Co., 425 Bran-
nan st. '
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit; steady
work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co., 425 Brannan st.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; both
piece and day work; steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.
/
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
¦steady work at good wages. Ap^ly at CUT-
TING BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
WANTED— A responsible girl for general work
in a rooming-house;, one not afraid of work.
Call after 9 a. m. at 963 Mission st.', The
. Portland, f , ¦ - • ¦ ¦• ;
WANTED — A neat, respectable girl for second i
wr.rk and waiting at table. Call to-day at
2315 Broadway, near Flllmore st. -»
YOUNG girl to assist'* in light general house-
work; small family; good home. 1626 Bu-
chanan st.
EXPERIENCED finishers on ladles^tailor
suits; none but first class need apply.
BARON. 22 and 24 Grant ave. ,
WANTED— Capable . girl - or lady to care for i
small child in absence of mother. 631%B Ste-
.venson st.
APPRENTICE on coats: wages paid; apply
early. - H. DAVIS. 119 Russ st.
GIRL for light housework. 1318 Folsom st.
GIRL for general housework wanted; German
preferred. Call 1222 Octavia st. -
WAITRESS wanted at 1224 Point Lobos ave.; $6
¦per week and found; Geary-st. cars.
GIRL for -general 1 ;.,' housework a and . cooking;
small family; wage* $20. 1217 Geary st. .¦
APPRENTICES wanted for dressmaking; paid
while learning. 1022 Washington at.
GIRL' for, general housework. 710 Halght ' at. •
GIRL to assist in light housework ;• wages $20.
'1232 Octavia st. - .
FIRST-CLASS waitress; work 3 days a week.
204 Sixth at.,, Myrtle Bakery.'
EXPERIENCED hands land apprentices . on
.men's neckwear: steady work;, best pay. L.
SAMTER &¦ SON, 518 Market St.. .
DKNTI5TS— Continued. .
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students;- advice free: prices
i cheapest and guaranteed; lady, attendants.
1 DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
5r. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
¦ specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st '
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy - st.— Work done
• on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815%' Geary.rir.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building;. formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM-^"Painless" ; evenings and'Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth. .
DERMATOLOGISTS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
removed by electrolysis: facial massage with
hvdro-vacu. MIPS MILLMAN. S30 Bush st.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all leglt-
• imate detective business: divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels . building,
rooms '323-324. San Francisco: tel. South 3S1.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Clas.) rates; patterns cut. '1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating;, country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT lBCHOOL'FOR r 'j«EN;
A practical and industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building: more courses of study
than any other night school in the city for a
remarkably low. tuition: send or apply for the
prospectus at the bulldlnjr. corner of Mason
. and Ellis sts.: opening nisht. Tuesday. Sep-
tember 10: registration beginning September
1;. departments— Art. business, civil service,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY. general secretary! A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business, education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, _ arithmetic, penmanship. '
spelling. Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers:
new typewriters: positions secured: cat. free.'
GALLAGHER-MARSH College.- Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand. - typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught;' prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50: catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
SPANISH— Theoretical or practical; speedy
guide to habitual talk; translations; letters.
210 Eddy st. ¦ •
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
MERRILL-MILLER Cdte«re— Shsrthand. typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooifis 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: Individual Instruction r catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining. mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve. : est. 1S64. Van
<Jer Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures: th« one maji who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg. •
A FULL course of Ellis bookkpeplner and the
Gregg shorthand costs onlv $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. $6 mo.
MARY P.WESTHAUS. piano, mandnlln. cultar
lessons. 50c: piano for practice.- 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S HAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free.
SEND to Grand Opera-house for circular of
Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, erammar. wrltlnsr.
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese h^ip~of~Xu~klndsl
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment' Office— All kinds best
"help furnished. 439 Bush st.: tel. James 1601.'
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. S24 Bush St.: teh Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chines« Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main M88.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FG.MALU.
A FIRST-CLASS French maid and seamstress
desires situation; good references. MISS-
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion;. city or country; good references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted by competent woman;
good cook or assist with washing;, city or
country; car fare expected. Address S22
Minna st, near Fourth.
A GOOD woman wishes a situation: is good
cock; would do general housework; willing
and obliging. 433 Jessie st.'
SITUATION wanted by a girl to do general
housework in a private family. Apply 2951
Pine st.
JAPANESE, honest and faithful girl, wants
situation; plain cooking and housework In
family. 465 Jessie st. •
A COLORED lady wishes work by the day.
Address 153V4 Third St.. room 20.
WANTED — By a competent Protestant woman,
a position as housekeeper in hotel, first-class
lodging-house or private home; will assist
with sewing or take charge of doctor's of- I
fipe or gentlemen's club. Box 4874, Call.
A COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes dlning-
room work or chamber work, with plain sew-
ing. Address Residence. Institute for the
Deaf, Dwight way and Warring St., Berke-
ley; prerent situation. '
WANTED by a lady — Position as housekeeper
In a lodging house x>r hotel; besi of refer-
ence; familiar with managing servants; city
or country. Box 4973, Call office.
BY a lady — Position as companion to invalid
(lady or gentleman), or housekeeper where
help Is kept: best references; city or coun-
try. Box 4975, Call office.
YOUNG girl, speaking French, as lady's maid
or children's nurse In first-class family. Ad-
dress or call. S186 Filbert st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day
washing, ironing, sweeping or dressmaking.
Call or address 148 Sixth St.. room 22.
ELDERLY lady would like a position to assist
in light housework; more for. home than
wages. 29 Eddy st.. first floor. -y.
WOMAN would like p'.ain sewing to do at
home. 952 Mission st., room 10.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third 'st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bu3-
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office f6r Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109B
Valencia et. ¦ -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 F'.Umore st. ,
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE. .
MAN and wife want situation In i boarding-
house in the country as cook and dishwasher;
-have child. Address L. L., box 4991, Call.
YOUNG man would like to work at any kind
of electrical work; some, experience. Box
4990, Call office.
JAPANESE wants a position to do any work,
from 5 p. m.»to-ll p. m."; wages no object.
Address box 4989, Call office. - '.
ARCHITECTURAL and mechanical engineer
and draughtsman desires good steady, employ-
ment with responsible firm; at home In tran-
sit work, detail drawings, estimating, etc. ;
handles men easily; superintends building,
operations; specialist on concrete work;speakb
several languages; will go anywhere. A. M."
E.. box- 4932, Call office.
WANTED— By a first-class driver and horse-
man, a place to do any kind of driving: well
posted with business streets; 8 years in last
place. Call 1239 Market St., room II, C. A. T.
FIRST-CLASS licensed plumber will work by
the day or week for property owner or t es-
- tate; has all necessary shop tools; reference
as to ability and Integrity. -. Box 4978, Call. •
YOUNG man, ¦ 24, knowing several languages,
correspond, etc., much - experienced, . wants
situation private secretary; willing be useful
any way; modest terms. Box 4979, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German • wants a position ' as
gardener on private place; also understands
care of horses, cows and chickens; references
Box 4550. Call office. t ;• :
I WILL Invest $200 or $300 In any reliable firm
where I can be employed at -a fair salary;
best reference given. Address, giving par-
. tlculars, : box 2200, 'Call office, • Oakland.
EXPERIENCED German grocery man wants
¦ position as clerk or driver. Address ¦ Box
* 4995. Call office. ' • - • .
SAX FRASCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
813 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
£261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; ' open
until 9 p. m.
1% Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; or>en until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftrects; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTICES.
_____ gm
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING.
Decrees 5 and^^ '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. •
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at Ik
7:30 o'clock, tecond degree. By order TKIT
of the W M. /^T^
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. m
and A. M., 1K39 Fillmore fit. Third de-_i\_
jrree THIS EVENING at 7:30. XJX
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. f^r >
GRAND CHANCELLOR L. S. CALK- JbC;
INS will officially visit the lodges *Ja
meeting in Pythian Castle, S09 Mar- S*v€k
ket st.. on MONDAY. August 26, In •«-F»JT'
joint convention with Laurel Lodge No. 4.
All members of the order are Invited to at-
tend. H. SCHAFFNER. G. K. of R. & S.
SPECIAL MEETING.
A special meeting of the members of the
Builders' Exchange will be held on FRIDAY,
August 30. 1801, at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of discussing the strike which is now
affecting the building trades very seriously.
By order of S. H. KENT. President.
JAS. A. WILSON. Secretary-
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS make $200 per month selling our nov-
elty machines; on application will send cut
end prices. Foote Mfg Co.. Los Angeles. Cal.
IN «>very place to sell stock In Alaska gold
mine; good pay. Newton & Harter. 759 Mkt.
APOPTIO ,* y '
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKK. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
ASPHALTLM ROOFIXCu
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free:dlvorces private: bankruptcy ;col-
l»ctlons attachments: mortgages :bills of sale;
partnerships :<leeds: wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. lCOS'^ Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 830 Markot.cor.Stocktcn.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 397 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADVICE fro?: no charge unless successful. W.
¦\V. DAVIDSON^ 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kct st.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
HOOKS >EW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red. 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission et.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY having nice roomy home desires small
child to care for: reasonable; all comforts.
Box 2299. Call office, Oakland.
2 CR S children to board; good home & moth-
er's care; $10 up: sunny yard. 1607 California.
GOOD home, for children; near school; $8 up.
2127 Prince 1 rt.. Berkeley.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
ASK to see Lundbeck's Improved drawer
trunk; ct all dealers or factory. S26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— (500: HALF interest in agency of Eastern
an! European manufacturing: not less than
$150 per month clear for each partner: refer-
ences exchanged. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
2C'^ Kep.rny st.
A— $33C; DELICACY store and branch bakery
with 3 furnished rooms; rent $18; location
firpt class: o— Tier accepted State position. Call
on R. G. WILKE, 26\z Kearny st. ..
A— J700: CORNER grocery and bar with 2 liv-
ing rooms on O'FarreM st. ; rent. $25: good
busine**; owner to leave city. R. G. WILKE,
26^s Kearny St.
A— $450; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; two
blocks from corner Market and Stockton sts. ;
rent S30; muft sell at once; owner to leave
for Manila. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— f250: SHOOTING gallery, doing a good busi-
ness; ret profits at least $100 per month; rent
$45: (".'me, see and satisfy yourself. R. G.
WILKE. 26'4 Kearny St.
A — $1.">CO: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market et. : daily receipts from
$90 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— JlEOft; FIRST-CLASS in prices and first -class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle buildjng;
come, investigate and you will find a ppl*hdid
Investment. Call R. G* WILKE, 26% Kearny.
DELICATESSEN and lunch counter, daily
business $20. fine opening, price $350: a bar-
gain in a downtown cigar stand. $1600. .
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St., rooms 1-2, opp. Mason.
$300— PAP.TNER wanted; light business; must
be steady, reliable man: satisfied with $18
to $25 a week; no experience required; trial
Kiven before buying. 23 Geary tit., room 1.
$250— PARTNER wanted; great chance in a
paying office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market
SALOON — A business corner, on Fifth st, near
Market. Inquire 251 Clara st.
"WANTED — An honest end sober partner with
J3C00 in an optical business ; must either be '
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
fqxmding. etc.; cash receipts about $1500 to
II0C0 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician, lOTlVfe M-r- i
ket st., San Francisco. i
. FOR sale— At Invoice price, the merchandise
rtore of CNOPIUS & CO.. Santa Rosa, with
Its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
•t Healdsburg. as a whole or eacn store sep- ]
arate: disagreement among partners the cause '
of selling. Fcr particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa.
FOR rent— A dairy ranch at Tomales Marin
County, which carries BO cows; plenty of
arable land: is within 1 mil- of town and
creamery. Apply J. W. KEYS. Tomales. ;
GOOD businers. under way. requiring about i
$500 to complete, promising large returns;
light work; good chance for the right parti-
Address Box 2T20. Call Office. ¦
FOR sale— Blacksmithlng business, at invoice;
good paying business in one of the best
towns in the State; owner compelled to look i
after other interests. Bex 4919. Call office. !
$1650— OLD established corner grocery and bar: 1
good location; fine stock; security or real '
estate taken. Cor. Grove and Gough sts.
TO lease— A 43-room lodging-house in Marj's-
x-ille; a paying business at present: nice loca-
ticn. F. S. CARR, box S5.» Redding. Cal.
A GOOD inside route on this paper for sale-
fine downtown location. Call at this office '
for particulars. ]
$TSO INVESTED this week will make your for-
tune: absolutely safe. Box tSSl. Call office.
GENTLEMAN going East wants gold stock to
sell; good clientage. Box 49S7. Call office, i
11XA— VALUABLE interest In co-operative busi- i
ness. Address box 48S3. Call office.
$450: RESTAURANT and oyster house: must
eell; going East; central. Box 4£6S, Call. '
SNAP— Restcurant; water front: new range-
running order: rent $15 mo. g Washington st. i
GtTN & locksmith business & buildings for sale
Addrefs P. F. Call Agent. Santa Cruz. Cal.
LODGING-IIOLSBS POR SALE.
ATTENTION; BUYERS! ' *
YOU MAY BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
And pay for it in monthly payments from the
profits of the house.
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES
6 rooms on Van Ness: modern $400
40 rooms on Third \ jg^
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments " i?V)
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 -~H 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 ~ 6000
7 rooms on Geary ' -^
21 rooms; transient: on Post lOOO
17 rooms on Market: central j35H
15 rooms on Post; housekeeping ; jixjo
8 rooms on EIHp; clears $35 " 650
26 rooms on Mission 20J ;
90-room hotel arid bar _ ]603
4a rooms: rent 1125 2350
A/ H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market cor. Ellis, r. 12.'
$1100—15 ROOMS; Ellis; dose in. ' .- ' • .
15906—27 rooms; Ellis; clears $20} over all '¦>
%tM — 14 rooms; O'Farrel!; rent $45; bargain
$r.DO — 6-room flat: grand furniture: rent $23*
$1100 — 17 rooms; monfy-maker; rent $55. ' '
$6."»— 8 rooms; now being- furnished.
$^•00— 73 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity
\V> loan money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st. '
FISHER. & CO.. £3-> Market: phone Folsom 159*'
— 10-room house, handsomely furnished In oak
and cherry: all new and elegant carpets; fine
bed linen; light and sunny: clearing $45 over
expenses; sell regardless of price; worth $300.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET, OPP 5TH.
27 YEARS IN THIS BUSINESS— ;
IN THIS CITY —
I HAVE LISTED ALL THE
BARGAINS THAT ARE OFFERED FOR
CASH PAYMENTS OR EXCHANGE
100 rooms; central; clears $400 $6000
18 rooms on 6th st; clears $100 900
9 rooms; $200 cash "• *<*}
17 rooms; $250 cash, bal. $10 per month.. 1150
100 rooming houses, from 2 to 500 rooms.
14 rooms; on Market st 3 °0
10 rooms; north of Market st. «0
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall «o
15 rooms: fine corner: clears $80 WjO
.9 rooms; good piano; must sell.' »25
.16 rooms; offices; clears $S0 l<00
14 rooms: $100 cash, balance payments... 400
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1^00
18 rooms; on Sixth St.: clears $S0 -900,
24 rooms : on Market : cl ears $150 - 4 1000
18 rooms; corner; Just like home 1500
10 rooms; on Mason st; new 7aO j
32 rooms: offices; clears $250 , o->00
• 21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 12o0
I sell and exchange all kinds of property
GIVE ME A CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN
LOCATION. PRICE AND PAYMENTS.
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
' H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: tel. Mint 796. t
L. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
65 r.; rent $350; with restaurant $3C00
60 r.; rent $200; elegant family hotel .'.... 6000
27 r.; rent $140; good fur., carpets 2200
25 r.: rent $140; nice fur., carps., ofs.. r.. 2000
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1% p. C
22 r.; rent $100; mahogany and oak fur... 1500
20 r.; rent $?0; hardwood fur., housekpg. 1100
17 r.; rent $65; oak fur.; perm., trans — 900
14 r.: rent J40: brus. carp., oak fur 1000
10 r.: rent $S2 50: hardwd fur., brus. carp. 750
6 r.: rent $35: modern fiat, new fur 450
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market: phone Folsom 1592.
75 R $10,000! 37 R $55001 24 R $1800
60 R 3,0001 37 R 1800| 19 R 1400
30 R 1.0001 16 R 650 12 R 450
10 R 300| 9 R 300] 6 R 300
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st, rms. 1-2.
Near Call bldg.: telephone Black 1-8-0-3. -
Samples from big free list at my office:
14 r.; rent $40; $150 cash, bal. monthly... $450
20 r.; 3 blocks n. of Market St.; rent $80
income $198; good furniture: fine carp.. 1500
44 r.: Al; rent $120; clears $150 month... 3000
V/INSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
24 rooms; corner; rent $55; payments $1325
25 rooms: north of Market: rent $75 1500
20 rooms: good paying house 1500
19 rooms: rent $50: reduced to ...•*.. 750
50 rooms; rent $30; see this 2000
IT will pay you to call at our office for lodg-
ing-houses, saloons. . restaurants. grocery
stores, candy stores, etc. McBRIDE & CO.,
1016 Market st., opposite Fifth.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of ,
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phono Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
SPIRITUALISM.
COME & see C V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. Tues.. Frl.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many coun-
tries; taken laEt world's record medal Paris
Fair. 10S4 Bush st: tel. 2275 Larkin st
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty; cir. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1C35 Market st. (no sign).
CHAS. BROCKWAT, 25c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs.. 8 p. m. : every one gets a test;
private readings daily. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st ; Elite car.
JOHN SLATER, last circle. 25c. to-night. 8:13;
sittings 10 to 4. 1S09 Stockton, . nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LESTER,' spiritual test meeting, 8 p. m.,
10c: readings dally. 148 Sixth st.. room 12.
H. THOMPSON, slate writer: sittings daily, $1.
603 California st.; phone Main 315.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak: circle Tues. & Frl..
S p. m. : We<J.. 2:30 p. m. : 10c: read, dally. 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Msycr: sittings dally; test to all to-night, 10c.
MRS. M. A. BRYANT: correct facts: readings
daily: by letter $1 110 Sixth st, room 8.
MRP. ADA FOYE. 1423 Market St.— Sittings
dally from 1 to 5 p. m.
clairvoyants.
mmeT mTbern ard.
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third «t. next Examiner bldg. She,,
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble I discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable aclvlce In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCON. CLAIRVOYANT. — —
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fall: permanently lo-
cated at 323 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never falls: h*>* the greatest Egyptian
spcr»t: shows picture future husband or -wife;
fe~ JSc nnd up: satisfaction toevorvbody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 213% 6th st.
MME. MONTAGUE. ~ ~~ "
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life; gives
names. factF. flifure': gives luck; honest pre-
nct one failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.'
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c }
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk. I
KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS, astrol-
oglral palmist, reader human destiny: never
fails: 2oc and 50c: by mall. 50c. 1212 Mission.
IPMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
€th: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LA ROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader";
German spoken: 23c up. 777"4 Market St.. r. 18.
MME. HANSEN — Card reader and nalmist:
past, present, future. 108 Sixth St.. 2d floor.
MME. AUGUST, clairvovant. reader; palmistry:
truth fr no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
M. WILLF. crystal s»er. clairvoyant, medium; I
sittings. 9 a.m. to 8 p. m.; 50c. 326A Ellis.
Mrs.Mallory.cialrvoyant oard render: when oth-
crs fail consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: ladies 25c.
gents 50c. fSl Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
25c. gonts 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
LADIES only: your future foretold satlsfactor-
lly. 15c. 6 Marye Terrace, off 418 Turk st
CARD reading. 23c and up. 835 Howard St.
MME. SCHAFFETl. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44«H4 Jessie st. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME 'RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CLAIP.VOYANT. card reader, from Louisiana,
only 10c. 2C2 Minna st. near Fourth.
CARPET RBATIKC AND CLEAMSG.
WHEN you become disgusted wlthTpoor^woTk
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carnet-beat-
ing Works, 333-S57 Tehama st. ; tel South 40.
BEATING. 3c; laying. 3c: renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511*4 Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co.. 402 Rutter St.;
tel. Main SS4. ¦ GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatintr Works",
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carp«-t-b»atlng Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 28-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.: 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, warts; pain-
, legs cure; guaranteed." Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF.Straasburger fromN.Y.. specialist on feet.
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76..
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~chargTunI
lesg successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
DENTISTS. ~~
A-DR. T. S. HIGGINSr '9^"MTrkTt~sUeet/
Emma. Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 59;
artificial teeth, on. plate, look natural and
guaranteed. $5 up; a good metal plate $15;-
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10- teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.'. you can
have your extractions done; painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns
$3.i)0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up- of-
fice houra, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays 9to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— NEW unbieakable plate, the Rose Pearl'
warranted for 20 years; erowns, $3 60- fllllnes'
¦50c; plates.' $3; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 SixthTHE COAST RECORD.
- SPECIAL ¦ FRUIT BULLETIN.
A short man is one who has no money
to len^us when we go forth to borrow.
. ' ' £ S 2? 0 "<
. • ¦ (8 M (!i *•-> n (t :¦
STATIONS. 1 3 I I So-'-- 5^ _?S"
San Jose... ....80 54' Clear NW Brisk
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
San Jose— Heavy fog till 10 a.~.in. ; afternoon
windy; dried peaches will be very scarce.
< ; G. H. WILLSON. '
. : • ¦ :'.'• Assistant Section Director.
Partly cloudy weather prevails over the west
ern portions of -Washington- and Oregon and
over the Rocky Mountain region. Elsewhere
on' the Pacific Slope the weather Is clear. A
light shower is reported from Roseburg.
The pressure has fallen over the Pacific Slope
except a; slight rise .from Cape-^llendocino to
the mouth of .the Columbta.-. ¦-.-¦-•-
The- temperature has risen except a fall over
Western Oregon and Utah. . Temperatures. In
the interior of California range from 90 to 96
decrees. - <¦ ' - '
Forecast made at San Francisco- for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 26. 1901:
Northern California— Fair Monday; continued
warm; light northwest wind.'
Southern . California— Fair Monday; continued
warm; light west wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday; continued warm; light
west wind. ' - • - ' ~^, • ¦
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair i Monday;
continued warm; light northwest wind. ¦ .
G. H. WILLSON,
. Local Forecast Official,
Temporarily in Charge.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Astoria.... ......... 30.10 64 52 W- Pt CTdy .0
Baker.... 29.82 88 54 SW . Clear .0
Carson..'. 30.00 80 46 SW Clear . .0
Eureka.... 1 .....30.12 66 54 W Clear '.0
Fresno... 29.90 96 56 NW Clear .0
Flagstaff. ;:....-... 30.02 84 52 S - Pt Cldy .0
Pocatello, Idaho. ..29.90 92 56 S Pt Cldy .0
Independence.. 29.78 94 64 SE Clear - .0
Los Angeles.. 29.84 96 62 W C oudy .0
Phoenix..... 29.72 110 82 NW Clear .0
Portland ;..30.02 76 56 SW Cloudy .0
RedBluff ..29.94 90 60 SE Clear . 0
Roseburg.... 30.06 72 46 N ¦ Clear .01
Sacramento... 29.94 88 56 SE Clear- .0
Salt Lake ....29.90 90 66 SE Pt Cldy .0
Ban Francisco 30.04 70 54 W Clear .0
San Luis Obispo.. .29.98 80 46 NW Clear. " .0
San Diego.... .:29.84 78 68 NW Clear .0
Seattle.: 30.08.70 54 NW Clear ..0
Spokane ....29.82 90 58 N Clear .0
Walla Walla. ...... 29. 82 90 60 E Pt Cldy .0
Winnemucca 29.88 88-44 SW Clear. .0
Yuma 29.72 106 74 SW Clear . .0
¦ ". . 3 S- Si" -S ¦ •• -
stations. .3 ii ii-|^ |»s:SI
. , -. {.i:s ; 3 :,3 g. 3 , s s
" ' : : : : ts
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
. SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 25. 1901—5 p. m.
The folldwing maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka; 66 degrees; Mount Tamalpais, 72; In
deperidence; 94; Red Bluff, 90; Fresno. 9«; Lee
Angeles, 96; Sacramento, 88; San Luis Obispo,
8Q; San DiegOi 8S. -• : -. '
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
70; minimum,' 52;. mean, 61. .. '* . .. ' :
, Weather Report.
City of Mexico. Aujust 22, l'QOl.
No. - Prize. INo. -.' Prize.|No. Prize.
.14... 100 16........ 40 26.......'. 200
103.. ...'.20 561..'.:..., 40 719 100
770..V....; •-.' 20 8O7...:.:.:-20 -849........ "40
; 933 '-40 1126 ."'20 1146........ 2(J0
1292...:.... -' 20 1357.. 40.1370 20
1377.. 20 1468..'..,;.. 100 1480.. 20
1691........ .20 1692... 20 1793 '40
1807-. 20 1840. >'..".. r. . '40 1921 '• 20
1927.. - 20 1969. 20 2154 100'
2405........ "20 2444.,.'.....' 20 2462.... .100
"2486...:'..:. 100 2568 100 2621.: ,'-200
2745.... 1000 2924.. 20 3043.. k 20
-3063.*. ' 20 3078 .20 3114; .20
3152........ 40 3478 '...".V 40 3511: 20
3684........ -—20 3780........ 20 3954... 20
4034.. ..'.... 100 4114........ .20 ,4431.. 40
4513......:.'; 20 4517 40 4547 ,40
4660....."...' 20 4833 20 4SS3 ...-.40
4936..;.;..., 500 6346........ - 20 5390 :... 20
5477 -" 40 5634........ .100 5869........ 20
5927 40 6110......... 20 6182... 20
6212......;. .20 6342 40 6482 .100
6508.......* 20 6521 -20 6545.:......: 20
'6621........ '20 6682.. -100 6723... ¦ 20
6856. : ...w.. 20 6873... : 20 6909 , 40
7116r....r.:. 20 7144........ 40 7234........: 20
¦7359........ 20 7473,...-.... 40 7526. ..'.... .43
7662........ 20 7716 -40 7771 '-40
7829...;.... . 40 7995 .... '20 .8424 ...= 20
: S473 40 8529........ 40 8543.. ......' 40
8573 ' 20 8591 100 8664.........' 20
8699........ '40 8806........ 20 8831 ¦ 20
8S36.. '."..... -40 9092 20 9099.. .' 20
9175..".:...'. * 500 9194; '.. 20 9210 .- 20
9463. 20 9736.....;.. 20 8825........ .20
9994 100 10037 500 10137 40
10268... 20 10277... 20 10572 \. 100
10631... ,4010677 40 10780... 200
10957........ 20 11040.. ...... 20 11184........: 20
11190........ ' 20 11192 -200 11199 '.; 40
11302........ 40 11329 40 11391. 20
11411.'....... 20 U424.. ....... 20 11642.....;;. ;-'2O
11680........ 20 11738........ * 40 11859..... ;..'.• '43
12275. -40 12282 ,20 12296 200
12340... 4012347 20 12436.... .... . - 20
12606........ 40 12733 20 12752... 20
12755." .' 40 12857........ - 20 128S5........ -20
12897..'...'... "''.'20 13008..'....:. 20 13181.. 20
13321. .20 13335 20 13517.. ...;..• 20
13544... - 20 13548........ 20 13928 ....'40
13970 • 20 14005 20 14127 40
14325... '20 14340........ 20 14454 .20.
14545. :.'....> .40 14575 :.. 20 14662........ 20
14711.. ,.- w .. 100 14724.. 100 14832 -40
14912... '20 15198........ 40 15289 .'...-.... 40
15309 .'.- 100 15346......... 40 15575; -20
15692........' 20 1W81.. 500 16004......... 20
16101. . . . .". . . .40 16171. ; ...... .'.- 20 16460. .' '. 40
16625... 20 17011../..... -20 17202 ...20
17211.:......' 40 17232 20 17271........ .20
17650. ¦ 40 17682 40 17692 40
17724 ' 40 17917 - 40 18125 40
18192... ;;./. ' 40 18400.-. ::."...• "loo 18410.;;.-....- 20
18432 20 18439..-. 100 18606 40
18639........ . 20 18656 20 18739...;.... 40
18773 2019003... 20 19043 20
19209........ 20 19212.. 40 19649.'. '20
19688.....'... 40 19706 20 19829 -20
19881........ 100 20193. 20 20293 '..' 20
20312 " 100 20503 20 20596........ 20
20622;...:... - 20 20627.;.;.... '20 20774;.;. :..'.- 20
20817 20 20931 500 21283......;.: 20
21354... •' 20 21452........ 40 2171S... 40
21739 30 21927 20 21931 .100
22165... 40 22853........ 20 22890.:...... .100
23044 ...'. 2023371 -20 23386........ 100
23585 ; 40 23633 ...40 23*65 20
23721 20 23766 20 23778 * 20
23828........ 20 23883 100 23900....'.... : 20
23952 20 24232. 20 24280......;. 20
24494........ 20 24592....;;.. .20 24719...'..:,.' 40
24727 20 24784.....,.: 20 24815.......*.. .20
24882 2024895 20 24915 -.20
24920.. 100 25024......:. 20 25080.."..:... -. 40
25082 .:.. 20 25086.....:.. 40 25329 40
25368......;. 20| 25378...:.... 20 25414 20
25437...'...'. . 20 25532.. 40 23741........ 40
25861 .40 25943 20 26092 .'• 40
26097 20 26113........" 20 26130 ;." 20
26178......:. -4026243 ,40 26289...-. ! 20
26370 ......200 26387 20 26677 20
26715... 40 26839 40 26994........ ' 40
27005........ 2027030... "2027098 100
27124........ 40 27126. ....... ,'40 27136. .-.-.. . ...100
27162 100 27229 20 27253 20
27323 20 27325.. ,40 27641... 40
27663 40 27834........ '20 27849 20
27936 - 20 27966......... 100 28008......... 41
28187.. - 20 2S250.. ...... •' 40 28303.. -20
28316........ ,40 28473......;. 20 28585........ 200
28671 .... 20 28789 20 28967 20
28987 20 29038 .... 40 29178:. a'20
29269... 20 29285........ 20 29382........ '40
29386.... .... '100 29466.'.....;;-. .20 29553.-;....-.. 40
29618 20 29634.... V.'..' 20 29644.. ...... .."20
29723 20 29813 20 29854:.-...... ¦ 4D
30038 20 30043..-. ." 20 30342...;.:..- 10.1
30417 100 30420 : 40 30436........ 20
S0829. ....... 20030830 -4030870::...... 20
30916 •-'". 40 31028 '> 40 31587.: 100
31734 40 21850 20 31878 2.1
31895 40 31950 ...- 20 32160........' 100
32162 40 32250.. ,20 32408. -.20
32556 . 20 32574 T 40 32607 100
32711 200 32881 ' 100 32898........ 20
32939:...:... 100 32961......:. -20 32974;..;.... .20
32983........-: 40 33125:..;.:.. '-=40 33134.. :...„.. r 40
33137.,. ¦20 33258:....,.. 500 33323........ v 20
33398. -60000 33465 „ ' 20
33612 40 33620 .100 33958.: .20
33964........ .20 34078. ..100 34088........ 40
342SS.. ...... 20 34423 ..*:-40 3434*.. ...... 20
34816..' 100 34857.. ' 40 34940 ...: 20
34960 20 34992... 20 35087 20
35110.;. 20 35152..-..=-;.-.. '40 35222 10T
33268 ' 200 35308...-. :...'¦ 20 35474..: 20
35665......... .. 20 35746...:.... '20 35887........ '20
35931.. V . 20 35967..." 40 36008........ '40
36023...'....; -20 36045 :. 40 36351.;....;. 100
36428....'...". 20 36727........ 40 3SS07."..:....- • 20
37246.,; 20 37327........ S037402.. ; 2J
37316. ..:...'. 20 37614. 20 37677 100
37804... 20 37832........ 20 3S325......:'; '103
88303 40 38376 20 38381....'.... 40
38390..,..'... 40 38514..."....,. 40 38621 ' 40
S8766. 100 38831 40 38S46... ".....' 20
S8S51 40 39003.....'... 20 39040 20
39137 20 39141 '....' 100139187.. ..:.'.. 20
39587 20 39710 20 39780 100
39864.... 100 40207 '20 40301 ;.; 40
40365 ....100 40487. 20 40764 40
41003 10000 41095........ 20 41133.; 100
41536 40 ...
41597. . ...... .500 41705 20 41807. .: . 20
41891 100 41915........ • 20 42209......... ¦ 40
42240... 40 42301.......: 40 42305.;...... 100
42459........ 200 42525 100 42791 1000
42960....:... ¦•" 40 42963.....' .'..40 43036.. - 20
4311S. .•;-. 20 43315... :....-". 40 43335....::.;' 100
43362 20 43408 20 43562 .'. 20
43681 40 43682........ 40 43721 '40
43791. 20 43796....:...'. 20 43830. ....... 500
43866...:.... '20 43875. '..... .V 40(43924.. ....... 20
43938 20 43945 40144036 "20
44081 -20 44104 20144149.... 40
44314... 20000 44347 20144366 200
44394 20 44579 " 20 44629.. 40
44662..;.....' '20 44714 ;. 100 44851.... .V.. 40
45011........ 20 43027...:..... 20143129. ........ ..40
45222.. ' 20 45285.......... 200145292...;.... 20
45408...'...-..- 100 45446......... : 40145558........ .40
45704........ 20 45724 .:..- 40|45748 '..: 40
45765 ..V ' 20(45795.. ...... 40 45S56 20
45962........ •'20 46153:.....;. 20 46175....'.... 100
46327:.'. ...... 20 46336. : .: ... . 500 46337 40
46367 40 46387... •40 46425........ "20
46435...: ' 20 46450.'- 40 46700. 40
46823 100 46965 - ; -20 46994........ 20
47008 4047167. 40 47210 .20
47653........ 2047684.'. '2047746 40
47901.. .4048048... 40 4S179........ -40
48308 40 48332 40M8496... ....." 20
48531...". ;.' 40 4S77S 100I4S779 20
48979 .100 4S981.. 40149048 20 '
43160 ' .40 49252........ 40 49417........' 40
4ft427 ! 20149317 20 49818........ 40
49924.... 40 49930 ,.... 20 50224........ 200
60263.... .,20150305 40150325........ ¦ 20
60834........ .-20150973..; ' -40I510S2... ."....- '20
51326......;. ¦ 40151370........ ¦ 20151639....:... 20
61855. ....... 40152035........ 100152199 20
62200... 40152255 40|52437..' '• 40
62724. "... -.-20 52746........ 100152751". 200
62961 ;:.'. 2053111... 20153187.. ...... 20
53273 ' -20 53315... 100|53336... .20
53323.. 4053569 200,53818 40
53874........ .20 54081.:.,.;.. 20I5423O. .V''2O
54553 ...- 2054619... 40J54779 100
64804 .' 20154954...'. 20154966.. "20
54975 200153008 20J53037 '. .20
65066........ 200J55102.. ;..... ,40155346 ..' 40
55355...:.... 40155372. 100155580...,...." : 10O
55611 "... 40155630..:..'... 20155637........ 100
R5743....:..." -,40|5R762.. ...... ' 40155772..' 20
55919:.. .- .20166029....;'... ; 20156070...: . 20
56107... 20156108........ 20156127.". 20
66165.. -20156189........ 40156197........ 1Q0
fi622ff:.... ;.V-.-Y 20 56233 ..... 100156326 20
66373.... '.¦;..' 20 56390.....;..- 20156395.:... 20
66472 40 36632 20156945...:..;. 20
66377 . 40 57052 100157471 -j 20
67499.....;.. . : 20 57649.;.;.... 20157711..., - ; 20
67713.;.'. 40 57849...;.... 200J57920... ..:..¦ 40
67928......... ¦ 20158178:...'.. ... 40158182......:. ' 20
58326.. :.....'¦¦ 40t5843O..r..... 40 58636......... 100
6883S. '. 20158952.... 40|r>8978 20
69018........ .'20159071 .... , 20|59082.. .:.... 20
K9130.-. '..;.'. ,.¦••' 40159171........ 100159240........ 40
59311.....::. . ¦ 20159324... -20159398 ;- 20
69453........ 40159461... 4O|59606.V.:..;. -. 20
59627 •.. 20159638...;.... 20159669.: -20
59677. '.".•' 40 59691... 20159698.. ..-....'. 20
69729 ..' - 20I59S61 ;.. 20|59890 ...'100
69904. ....... '40 60118.. 40160185. ....>.. 100
60210.:...... 40 60260.. 40160421..../.. 100
60422... ¦ 100160861.. ...... 20160933........ ' 40
60939........ 20160982.. 100160998. ....... '/ 20
61013........ 20161078........ '100161113 .".. ' 100
61209........ "20161522... 20 61683..:.....' 20
61706..:..... 61743..;V.... '20 61834. ....... : 20
61S70... .. 20 61949 .... 100 61976 1000
62025.';.'.....' "'.20162053..':..... \ 20 62093..' 40
62107........ ' 20162137.'.:..... 40 62180....'.... 40
62198. »•••'••" 100162276.. .; ........ 100
62423. !T.....' 20162656... "'...;. 20K2721 • 40
62736....'.:.. 20I62S56.. ;.....' 20163010. :..:... 40
63038....'....;. 40163231:.. -. '40163244....*.... -20
63338........ . 40I633S2... 100163406.. ..'.:.. 100
63408...:;.;.. . 20163448.....:.... . 20163449.:...... . 40
63593........ .100163959.....'.;. 20164052..*...... 40
64115.'.....;. -40164189........ - 20164225.;...... ..' 20
64231....:... •¦ 40164259....;.'.. '200164650 .... • 20
64R5?......*.V. 20164951........ 20165171...-.:.... 20
65215.......: -20165260........ -40165529. ... • 100
65767........ • 20165806.. 40165862... : 20
65944 ...' 20165991.. 20166202.,......'-. 20
66206. !..'.:..> 20 66418.. ¦.:...; 20166584..; "mo
66592.:. : . . . . ' ' 20l6667«: ...:...- 40167071. :..;... s 20
670S0.:..'.'. .. 40 67123...:....- 20167243 : 20
" 67253.::... :;", ;i00 67335"........; 2OI67369.. .. '200
67704....::.. ¦¦•¦.-¦ '20l67845.r. 2OI67<t56.;.:..'.." 20
6!<fi53..::.V:."-' 40168117.:.:.... iooi6<t78l.:. •:..•..- '20
eg?24. :-..:..: 200168943.;' ....... 1000I69130 40
6S291.:. ..::.¦" 40169306........ 40IR9379........ '40
69477.. .. 20169512... : 40I696C3 .... 40
69605.:.;.... ,20169619 - 40169645... -20
69698.;..:... ' 20I6W49.'.. ...".;.'. 4016.1999....;..: ' 20
.70087.".:.*..:.".\* 20170140. :.:.:.•.' 20170218 20
70277 .V , .- 40170448...: 20170531...'.:...— 20
70f.46...:..;. 40170662 :. 20170769.:...... 1000
70781...:...., 20170804.:...... 20I70880..V.:... 100
70P47. .'..'.. r. v 40171088.....;.. 40(71212.. ...... v:20
71277.:...... 2017)434::...... 40171417....".:.. 20
7JC42 20171660.:....-.. '40171713........ '-20
71750........ ,40171758 40|71S69. ..*.....- 40
NUMBERS
OF THE
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
No. 33,398 draws first capital prize of $60,000.
sold in Monterey, N. L. ; Mexico City. No. 44,314
draws second capital prize of $20,000, sold In
New York. N. Y.: San Antonio Tex. No. 4L003
draws third capital prize of J10.00O sold In San
Salvador, Salvador. Nos. 2743. 42,791, 61.976,
68 943 and 70,769. draw each $1000, sold In Ha
vana. Cuba: New York. N. Y. ; New OHeans.
La.- Columbus, Ohio; St. Louis, Mo.;. Birming
ham f Ala- : ; Spokane, Wash. ; Houston." Tex. ;
San Salvador, Salvador; Memphis. Tenn.; Aus
t«n..Tex,, San .
' For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI. Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO, Intervenor.
799 numbers ending with 98, being the last
two figures of the number drawing. the capita]
prize of $60. 000-120. ,
. 799 numbers ending with 14, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20,000— $20. .. " *
TERMINAL PRIZES.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 33.348 to 33,448. Inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each side of the numDer
drawing^ the capital prize of J60.00O-J60.
100 numbers from 44,264 to 44,364, inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of |20.000— $40.
100 numbers from 40,953 to 41.053, Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital, prize uf no.OCO— $20. • - •'•
No, . Prize. No.. : Prize. iNo. Prize.
71920........ 40 71S33. ....... 20}71961.«..... . 20
71983 "2072C06; 40 72107 40
72151........ 20 72366 100 72331........ 20
72449........ .4072617.. 20 72S49 ..• 40
73115....;... 100 73230 20 73459 '.. 20
734C3 20 73504 20 73533 100
73646.1...... 20 73700........ . 20 73738 20
73747.. 40 73877........ 40 74027... 40
74120 20 74273........ 40 742S6 20
74350.:. ..r.. 20|74426 ,' 20 74502.'. " 20
74554. .'. 20174594 .". 20 74619. ...10C
74629 100i74661.. 20 74707..: 40
74754 40 74759 ,.. 40 74S11 40
75040 '20 75078........ 20 75232 20
75429.. 20 75722.:..... 1 . '40 75725........ "20
7£895.. 20 76068 20 76101 20
76192 4076275 20 76299.......". 40
76331....;... 20 76352 20 76592 ...20
76613.. 40 76635 20 76708....: 20
76720 20 76795........ 20 76870 20
76899........ 20 76923 20 76931........ ¦_ 40
76883... 40 77040.. 20 77172 411
77210... 40 77245. 100 77271 ; 20
772S3........ 2077316.... -40 77328......... -43
77703 2077718 20 77748 j9
77751 20 77S54 20 77895 40
77971 A , 20 7S059 .'.500 7S075 100
78203 >20 78261 f 20 78353 1 40
78433........ 40 7S51T.. ...... 10078605......... »»
78780......... 2078879 20 78941 .200
79003 20 79070 • 40 79089 -20
79323 ' 20 79330........ 40 79353 100
79517 20179648 200 7992a 40
79994 20| ' -
THE SAN FKAKcisCO MONDAY, AUGUST 26, 1901V
9
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I1S00— ON monthly payments; very pretty, near-
ly new cottage cf seven ropms. . : bath,- hall,
bay-window, high basement, brick founda-
tion, etc.. all in fine condition; lot 37x150 feet
<note the size), with driveway and barn that
cost $200; street sewered and macadamized;
buildings insured for J1400; nice lawn in front
and back; abundance of flowers: house cost
$1500 to build; good neighborhood ; handy to
schools and churches; close to Telegraph ave.;.
street newly macadamized; cement walks
laid: rents for $14 per month; title perfect and
guaranteed; big bargain for the money; total
price $1800 on monthly payments; liberal dis-
count for quick cash sale; investigate this at
once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive agents for this property,
. >; 1008 Broadway, Oakland. '
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ~
REAL SNAPS. •
Call and See These Fine ,New Houses.
13250 — New home of 7 rooms, bath" and laundry;
' < Just completed ; close in town. "
$4000— New house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
told; fine location.
14500— New house. 8 rooms and bath; on a fine
residence street. . - - - ¦
Also & number of new homes in course of con-
struction.
A. J. SNTDER,
- 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale — Beautiful new 7-room 2-story house,
completed August 1; well built-in every way;
modern in all particulars; lot "90x150; fine 'o-
. cation on Tenth ave.; 1 block from car line;
15 minutes' service to Broadway; short dis-
tance to grammar school; reasonable walk-
ing distance from 4 churches; choice neigh-
borhood; elevated ground: fine view; price
and terms reasonable. B. H. WELCH, owner,
1379 Tenth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAXU FliR.MTURE KOI* SALK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ltOOMS FOR aOLSEKEBPIXG.
CAPP. K2— Unfurnished, sunny housekeeping
rooms; reasonable. ' •
DEVISADERO, 1311%— 3 or 4 handsomely sun-
ny furnished rooms for housekeeping ; bath.
EIGHTH, 104, near Market— Bedroom and
kitchen with cooking stove; sunny side.
EIGHTH, 22D — 3 lovely sunny rooms for house-
keeping: water; yard; $10.
FIFTH, 348— Suite rooms, furnished for house-
.keeping; rent cheap. • -• .•
FIFTH, 303— Furnished housekeeping, three,
J12; three, $20; three, $14; also single, $5.
FOLSOM, 525— Suite sunny furnished front '
rooms; light housekeeping; $2 25 weekly.
FOLSOM, 620— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms on 1st floor; large grounds for children.
I FOLSOM. 834— Large sunny bay-window room
and kitchen; bath; everything private; % wk.
HOWARD. 728, near Third— 2 housekeeping
rooms complete. $11; 1 front single -room; 1
double room; reasonable. ...
HOWARD, E23— One large sunny room; light
housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 completely furn. sunny con-
necting rooms;. running water; range; $10.
LARKIN, 247— Nice sunny suite, front room,
kitchen; complete for housekeeping; gas stove;
running water.
LARKIX; 819%— Sunny front rooin. $7: large
housekeeping room, gas stove, $11 SO.
LEAVENWORTH, 207— Nicely furnished rooms,
en suite or single; privilege of light hdusekpg.
MINNA, 2S — 3 sunny furnished 'front housekeep-
ing rooms and single rooms; cheap.
MISSION. 945, near Sixth— Front room and
kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
KIXTH, 155 — Floor 3 sunny furnished- house-
keeping rooms; bath; no other roomers; $20.
O f FARRELL, 573— Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms. - '¦ • ••* - - ¦-¦ ¦'
O'FARRELL. 628 — Large, sunny front alcove,
unfurnished; gas; running water; very rea-
sonable. - - .- . - - . ;.
O'FARRELL, S17— Floor of 3 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms.
POLK. 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping: cheap; reference.
SACRAMENTO. 1314— One or two very desira-
ble clean, nicely furnished rooms, private
residence; light hskpg. allowed, if desired.
THIRD.- 335 — Furnished rooms, suitable for
housekeeping. - . « ¦ , . :
TURK. 123— Very fine suite housekeeping; also
othena; newly furnished; private home. -. •.
TURK. f,!3 — Solar flats; fine; new; Chicago
style; 1 to & room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; janitor.
TURK, 603— Three nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas and bath. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st. - ' — ¦
ROOMS TO LET—Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, £>0c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth-Rooms.
2ae to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister — New, elegant, sunny;
prill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyll; take McAUister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House. 245 Third — 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 2Sc to 75c. $1 to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason st.— 100 newly
furnished rooms, $1 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells,
first-class, quiet, central.
BTJRN'ETT. 1426 Market (old No: [ 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; aleo unfurnished.
BUSH, 912— A few rooms In an elegant private
home, in excess of needs of present • occu-
pants, can be rented by refined and unex-
ceptionable married couples -or gentlemen;
house, modern; all conveniences; hot and cold
•water at all hours; furnishings best procur-
able; location convenient to business; only
parties who appreciate a refined environment
need apply; to such rates will be reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished eiinny rooms;. prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321— Thoroughly renovated; 100 sunny
rooms; 25c night; $1 25 week.
ELLIS, €39, cor. Larkin — Sunny bay- -window
light housekeeping bedroom; $7 for 1, $3 for 2.
FIFTH. 107— Sunny pleasant unfurnished room*
to let.
FIFTH, 119. second flat— Single and double
rooms from |7. ' ¦
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
EUites and Eingle; travelers - accommodated.
HARRIET. 3, off Howard, near Sixth— Sunny
bedroom: private family; $5. - •
HOTEL 8T. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
et.. near Markfet— Central location: new build-
ing; elegantly furnished^ strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
•week, or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOWARD. 1018. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Nicely
furnished rooms, -with gas: suites and single
and housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable;
JONES, S47— Sunny parlorB, Just newly and
elegantly furnished; modern; private: leaaj
LARKIN, 247 — Nice sunny furnished rooms
double, single; running water; gas. -
MARKET, 1015' (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day-up.
MARKET, 1055 — Upstairs furnished rooms;, for
transient; for travelers; baths.— -
MARKET, 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred ; references.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new, fur. ; single rooms. $10 up.
MASON, 107— Large, nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also housekeeping rooms.. .,
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1. pec week; transient. ,.
N ATOM A, 284, near Fourth— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink, closets.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day.' week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 332— Elegantly furnished ; sunny
rooms, en suite and single; $10 up; bath; ref.
O'FARRELL. 691— One nicely furnished front
roooi in private family; reasonable, j
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient."
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room. Bmoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35cto tl 60; week. $2 to
?8; month. $£ to $20; elevator on ground floor;.
roomg with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth et,,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. - :
STOCKTON. 45— Nice large rooms. $1 per week .
up and 25c and SOc- night;. gas; .running water..
STOCKTON, 8S2— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run, water; baths: phone; cheap.
SUTTER. 1105— Furnished minny rear* rooms;
running^ water; closets ;r $9 per 'month../ - .-
BUTTER, 3723— Parlor suite; also single room:
well furnished; reasonable; private; refer'es.
THE BERLIN, 238 Kearny— Elegant rultes;
single rooms; running ..water; -transient. . ./ -
THE CECILENE. 930 Van Nets ave. '.. '¦ '
Bachelors', apartments; elegantly furnished;
- all tunny rooms; refersnrs*.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
California. 807— Stevenson -mansion; select fam-
lly hotels exceptional table; attractive rooms:
MCALLISTER, S4S— Large alcove single rooms,
suitable for 2 or '3 persons; fine table board.
•HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
.excellent table; special. rates to tourists. '
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished, parlors,
'¦¦ all conv., sunny 'suites; best table : board. '
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine-, sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper- for mailing $1 per year.
ROOMS WANTED. '
BY September 1, five furnished housekeeping
rooms; adults; state rent. Box 4966. : Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOXJVG man wants room with board anywhere
north of Sacramento and west of "Van Nesn
ave. Box 4963, Call office. . . ' ¦
SPECIAL NOTICES. ._-*
NOTICE— We are responsible for our photo con-
tracts and coupons as they are printed; posi-
tively no verbal agreements- with .agents: ac-
. cepted.. GLOBE Portrait Co., 3 Taylor st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or. country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9.10. 'tel. 5580.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medlca-
_ tor; trial free; send for circular. 935 Mkt.; r. 8.
DISEASE^ and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND . SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ;.re-
pairlng: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
SLOT MACHINES.
TWO roulettes, only $75 each,, cost J250. 1167
Market, bet. 7th and 8th: other machines.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. . Main 5713.- •
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
sion.st: tel. Howard v 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates. . - .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281;
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES..
GREAT^bXrGAINS IN~TYSEWRTraRS^We
sell better machines for less money th&n any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California: telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters: new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
TO- LEASE. • -¦¦ ' • '
TO lease at -low rent — A first-rate chance Tor
a restaurant In a downtown business location;
store, which can be fitted into a restaurant;
and basement. Or 3 stories and basement. By
JOHN PFORR. 402 Pine st
¦^ PROPOSALS. . , ' %
PROPOSALS for Pommel Slickers, Depot Quar-
termaster's office, 36 New Montgomery . at.,
San Francisco, Cal., August 16, 1901.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this office, until 10 o'clock a. m., Tuesday,
August 27, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Yellow Oilskin
Pommel Slickers. Fish brand or equal. Bids
will be opened for the delivery of the same
articles at either the San Francisco, Boston,
Chicago and Philadelphia Depots, and are for
the- same for which bids .will be opened at-
the other -depots. To avoid all possible .mis-
understanding as to the exact „ nature of the
slickers to be supplied, bidders will carefully
"examine sample slicker at this depot, as un-
der n& circumstances slickers inferior thereto
will be accepted. Unguaranteed bids, and
bids for .delivery, at other points .than those
designated herein, will under no, circumstances
be -entertained. • Proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will' be- entertained. Early
deli%-eries are essential, and bidders must
state In their proposal the rate and time- of'
deliveries, should contract be awarded to
them. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic . production and .manufacture, condi-
tions of price and. ..quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will.be given to articles -of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right" to accept or '
reject any or all proposals or any part there- '
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals wtll^be Indorsed, '"Proposals
No. 7D71,". and addressed to MAtTOR OSCAR
F. LONG, Quartermaster U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal\. August 14, 1901.-
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 a. m., Thursday, August
29, 1901, and ; then opened, for construction
(Including 1 plumbing, heating- and electric
•wiring) of hospital at Fort Mason, Cal. Gov-
ernment reserves right to reject or accept, any
or all bids in whole or in part. Preference
given to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality- (including in the
price of foreign productions the duty there-
on) being equal, and such preference given
. to articles of American production produced
on the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by the publip service there. Infor-
mation furnished on application to J. M.
MARSHALL. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
earl. Chief Q. M. '
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. "
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall w>ll not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication .offices 'and • be
Indorsed -with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
• .• BOBN^ •¦ . -
ARMSTRONG— In this ' city, August 23, 19pl,
to- the wife of Richard Felix Armstrong, a
son. . •
MARKIED.
MONA— FARRELL— In this city, August 19,
1901. at St.-. Brieid's Church, by the- Rev.
Father Grant, Victor Joseph Mona and Eliza-
beth Farrell. - . ¦
DIED.
Albers, Carroll W. McLaUghlin, Jane
Bush, Nathan McLennan, John D.
. Conn, Francis Magoon, Ann F.
Connolly, Joseph' C. Marsh, Hattie L.
CoBgrove. Eugene C. ¦ Meetz. Mathilde ' - '
Duffy, Margaret F. Middelstorb. Daniel '
TSnnis, William C Parsons, Edith-' :¦-.."••
Fay, Ellen Rives, Sarah I.
Griesser, Mrs. Louise Ryan, Nicholas '• r
Haera, Frank Shanabrook, Dora
Harry, Fannie Stangenberger. A. M.'
Kelly, Minnie F. Wyss, Christian Jr.
ALBERS— In Alameda, August 24, 1901, Car-
roll William, beloved husband of Anna F. '
Albers, son of J; H. and Delia Albers, and
brother- of George and the' late Gus Albers,
a native of San Francisco, aged 28 years 3
. months and 7 days.
tCFrlends and acquaintances are ' reKpect-
. fully • Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at hii late
residence, "1613 Grand street. Alameda. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery, via 12 o'clock
creel: boat. ¦ ¦ • » -
BUSH— In this; city. August 25, 1901, . Nathan
¦Bush, beloved husband of Clara. Bush,' and
dearly beloved father of . Harry and Charles
Bush and the late Becky and. Toby Bush, . a
native of Germany, aged 68 years. (Eastern
and German- paperB please copy.) - .
HENRVJ. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
1 DANIEL P. . DONOVAN, Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS."
20 Fifth St.. opposite. Lincoln School.,
¦ . -. Telephone South 80. '
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
_;--V,V San Mateo County.
. OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association:- M.
J.' McBrearty, with • the same, company for
10 years: P. F.* Green, late with j " C
O'Connor & Co. r have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth ¦ and ; Eighth. ¦ Telephone ; South 44. :
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS/
¦ 27 and J 29 Fifth' st. Tel. 'South 167." :
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND • EMBALMERS. •
Finest ' Equipment af'Moderate v Rates. '
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral .Parlors -at '214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. . Telephone , South 576.
¦ •' .AloAVOY «fc CO.. ¦ vl
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS! I
1233 Market St., ; between 8th and 9th. : I
Telephone South 247. ' . ¦ - ' |
. MEDICAL.
0 are ~ck and in
an l c 01^"" the specialist. My
Jhnn^n^ »i' e been used many years by
111 f?J unfort «nate helped; relief In
all cases taken; the most obstinate cases
£r.T«rf e ? n , re i ieved fc y m y treatments: free
confidential advice on all subjects of a dell-
tr^at^f 'IJ f" classes of female complaints
ffmiivEl to the lon^ s t c*ses. DR. G.
. O DOXXELL. 1018 Market st.
EETCRNED : I
?w. S » A^Ft " *•** ".returned" f roin" "her "vaca-
IL« ""L 1 " 1 Phased to Bee her friends at
the old number, 1228 Market st.
H l N il^ H ? RB AND MRS - DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
in confinement. U26 Market Et., S. F.
D Lk n ALCOTT / CO.-Practice confined to
J™^ and diseases of men only. 997
Market st,. corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
M £fv ?^J" nH EX ' 1U8 Market-Reliable la-
ill r. Ep * cisUlEt : a Priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
**Iin'rJk KOHL removed from Market et. to
410 O Farrell St.. between Taylor and Jones.
YF^RP ' Maternity Home removed
from PoEt to 410 O'Farrell Et- near Taylor.
OFFICES AJVD STORES TO LET.
PiSi-ffi?? <" h eap: fine sunny Office; 'attend
__ant : _pri\ate phone. 7£7 Emma Spreckels bldg.
of offi ces on the Market-st.
tront of the first floor of the Phelan building.
. OIL. ~~
°^»E ank u' In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H . S. WHITE. S16 Mission st.
J PALMJSTItY.
Chirological College— Character reading, dlag-
r=°,1 Y.' P. a! , mlstr >"- chirologry and graphology
taught; diplomas Issued. Suite 451,Parrott big.
S^ ( LAi^ B ' ecien t5fic palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Joneg et.
2 PERSOXALS.
of 45. with steady position and
some means, -wishes to form the acquaintance
or a respectable lady- with a small capital;
object to erect a home; gentleman epeaks
French and German; object matrimony. Ad-
d»-ess box <S59. Call office.
jL ~ IV r^> our^ halr ls fa "ing or you are bald, call
on DR. o. &. MOOUE, 332 O'Farrell St., and
you will not be disappointed: this remedy ls
positively guaranteed ; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
* 1 i, 5O Sr^P LID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
;i oIId cak c fca*r; factory price.
«-^Er.am«l b<?<i«, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328
_ Scarey'g Credit House, 1423 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. U Third Ft., near Market: TOO rooms;
-'jo to $1 5U per night; tl 50 to $6 per week;
.rce bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
|1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
pant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st., between Seventh and Eighth. I
FREE trial— Superfluous hair permanently re-
moved; new method; harmless; lady in at-
tenda.nce. S35 Market, r. 5; sample mailed. 25c.
TVHITE enamel Iron beds single, three-quarter
or double. ?2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
FACE massage, one; a new and scientific treat-
ment: done at 121 Mason Et. F. A. ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
Jiairto Its natural color; fl; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electHfc needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $* 50.
MisQt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market Et.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
., country orders. GOLDSTEIX '& CO.. 733 Mkt.
F1IYSICIAAS AXD .SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
" 1021 1 - Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. M'OXG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st. ; see testimonials at office.
PLAXIXG AXD TCRXIXG AIILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
UKAL ESTATE CITV FOR. SALE.
S?lC^5DlDL^TO^r~AucTioneer7~^ ~7**,
? . . '. il .Montgomery 8 t-
Auction sale to close estate of John Mad-
den. •¦¦- deceased, Wednesday. August 2S, 12
©•¦clock m.
2417-2419 Harrison Et.— Two 2-story house*,
E rooms and bath each; stable; lot 52x100 feet;
rents J2fi. ¦
732, 724, 736. 7SS Treat ave. — t modern flats.
6 and 5 rooms and bath each; lot 50x122:6;
rente ?G8.
,2379 HarrlEon st.— Cottage. 7 rooms and
bath'; stable; rent t!6; lot 25x100. -.
OW.XEHS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and in
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to eell, call on
W. J. GUNN. S30 California £t., S. F. Sav-
ings Union buildins.
pIX, 6even and eight room cottages; also two
flat houses in block between 17th, 18th. Castro
and Noe stE. ; cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: CaFtro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
EON, builder.
pt'BURBAN' tracts, near Burlingame and
waterworks. MARK LAXE. C34 Market St..
opposite Palace Hotel.
I"OR Sale— Elegant n.-w cottage, S rooms and
bath; modern improvements; large lot; on 27th
gt.. near Guerrero. Inquire on premises. . .
HEAL 12STATE COUSTBY For Sale
fjJtS&AI. bargain— 160 acres land, near Yuba
¦ A'ity. Sutter County, chert distance from
* Marysville; ail rich valley land under cultl-
} vation; Rood buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be eoJd in whole or in
part at a very low price; also .140 acres, all
unfirr cultivation; rich valley lan«i; good
building's; well fenced; short distance' from
Yulia City, Putter County; will be sold In
Trhole or fa part to suit purchaser, and it an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
cr? situated in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district cf Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If .contemplating
purchasers v.MI! address box 4980. Call office,
for information a bargain will be given:
I- — FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Frnall tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Fqncma Co.; future value assured, as
Fan Francisco is growing rapidly; location
hest for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 3C2 California St., for pam-
phlets or information.
CHEAP. land— 4G0 acres rich valley land, 3 miles
north • of Berkeley; fronting on San Pablo
ave.; $120 to t-00 per acre. Dairy ranch of 300
acres near Berkeley; $60 per acre; look at
these properties. \V. B. EASTIN, 401 Cali-
fornia st. -.:;>-!'¦
POl'LTKY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WIXFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list-
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
HULL VALLEY ItEAL ESTATE.
FINELY furnished hcuses to rent for the wln-
.ter. at reduced rates; choice improved and un-
impTTivrd -property for tale; fine lot 57x130;
will lmSld to suit purchaser; sun all day; 5
m-inutes to depot; J3fiO down, balance Install-
ments. S. H. ROBERTS. Real Estate and
Insurance, Mill Valley. Cal.
'ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A—AMKDA HEAL. ESTATE.
~I'.AnGAI>TS: Improved & unimproved property
acquiied by foreclosure; hi cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
, .BERKELEY JIEAL ESTATE.
530O0— DO you want a bargain? Just look at
tills; fine house and lot, house In perfect
order, containing 6 rooms, together with a
fine corner lot 60x100; Ftreet work all done;
' only one block from station, and within 5
minutes of university grounds.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
{3300— NEW S-room house, ready for occupancy,
equipped with window shades, combination
fixtures, pas and electric lighting; .corner lot;
Ftreet.work ail done; very accessible to rail-
road and electric cars.
Only 51400— 5-room house, large lot. within
Tracking distance of university.
JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
BnPvKELET HOMES FOR SALE.
Nice 5-room cottage, near cars, $2250; also a
pood 6-room cottage, near cars and university,
J2600; both on easy terme.
A first-class 7-room house: new; In choice
location: J3750. MAT & MORTIMER,
2123 Center Bt.. Berkeley. Cal.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
J*- FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
11000— 6-EOOM house; stable; chicken-houses;
fruit trees; corner; E0xJ40; nice place. Call at
£1< Eutter Bt.. bat store.
; V JRATXWAT TBAVEIi.
GALIFORKU RORTHIESTEBB RI. Ga
LESSEE •
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. :
Ttburcn Ferry. Foot of Market S*
¦ San Fran:is:o ta San Rafaal.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00,' 11:00 a.: m.; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
- at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra" trips at 1:50
and 11:30 r>. m. ¦¦¦- ' ¦ _ ; -
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:CIV 6:20 p. m. '. ( :
tenn Ral'a:! toSnn Francisco.' ¦
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20.-11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6.35 p. m. ¦ • • — r. '¦'„-"_"'„
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5 :05, 6 :25 ' p. m. ' - - : ¦ ' ' - * - -
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 23.- 1901. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I | Sun- I Week
Days. 'I days. [ Destination. . days. | Daya. •
7;3O ami 8:00 ami Novato," (13:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, . 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pmi 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
*~ .-•-'¦¦-. Fulton. • I
7:30 am -"Windsor. [10:25 am
. 5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 ami .';-^.
", - Lytton,
-¦"^-vV' ' Geyservllle, |
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. ) 7:35 proj 6:20 pm
7:30 am ' T ~ "' ' 110:40 amllO:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 5:00 pm .'I 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma | 9:15 ami 8:40 am
I and I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pmf 6:20 pm
7:30 ami S:C0aml 110:40 am|10:25 am
. 3:S0 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebaatopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulnhur Springs; at Fulton
for Aitruria:at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs .Springs; at - Cloverdale
for - the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, ' Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
KpringB, Blue . Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's. -Riverside. Llerley's,/ Bucknell's,
Banhedrin ¦ Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City, .Fort Bragg, West-
port, -:Usal. , . Wlllits,- • Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris,' Olsen's, - Dyer,' Scotia
and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates, , ' ¦¦ ; .
On - Sundays round-trip : tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael. • at half rates.
. Ticket ' office, 650 Market ¦ street, Chronicla
building-. * , .
H. C. WHITING. ' > : .• - R. X. • RYAN.' :
* Gen. Manuager. :" Genf Pass. Agt.'
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. * VU 8»M*a» rerry— 7o«H orM»rk« 3l
t U I "••• WEEK DATS..... J •*» »• JJ.
8.O0 A. M.I " f ' f 12:14 P. H,-
, »:0OA. M. ldor. »«.
io^Oa.m.1 * smrnavB J t-sor.u.
1130 a' M. •"?... r 8Ulnj f TB —"" P4:50P.__-
ISOp.M. . ... .-. . . 640p.m.
i&t.u.) ~ •'-' ' 1'7:10p._i.
• •" - - : Para. Saa Pr»dM* «a Snmmtt and fct-iu, t\.f
' Ticket Offices. 6a Market St.; at SansaUto Ferry,"
. RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. .:'. '
" j Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally -v^j Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. ; Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p<
•' Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p laffa 9:11 p -
-"-Fresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05a 10:50 p ;
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a .......
"Visalia... 3:40p ........ 4:48a ....;.;;
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a :.......
" Kan City ....'.'... 2:40 a 7:30 a ..'.
**'¦' Chicago.. .. ..| 2:15 p | 9:00 p ::..\ m ..
- a for morning.-, p for afternoon. - . ; ; ,-, , j
•9 a. . m: I train is the California Lim-
ited, 'leaving Monday and Thursday^ only,"
carrying Palace Sleeping' Cars and Dining
Cars, through to.'. Chicago: Chair. Car runs'
' to ¦ Bakersfleld ' for . accommodation . of . local
first-class - passengers.' No second-class '
tickets honored on this tral n. . « Correspond-
ing train-arrives at 5:55 p. m.- Tuesday and
-Friday.'- • -.---.- ¦ ." = . -,-- .-
.- 4:20 p.m.. Is Stockton 'and* Fresno local.'
. Corresponding ¦ train arrives at 12:30 p m*
daily. '.:".: \ V ¦¦ -" . ' : V
¦• 8:00 p. • m.' ls .the .Overland Express with
- through • Palace ' and Tourist : Sleepers and.'
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
, Palace : Sleeper, . which cuts out at ; Fresno '
: Corresponding train arrives; at 5:55 p.m
dally. ¦ -: . ¦ ..•-,-.¦-¦- ¦: .:.~- .-¦;.. .- ... .
- 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points ' in ¦ San- Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding' train arrives at 8:40 a. m. 1 dally.' H
'- Offices— 641i Market ¦ street and • In ': Ferry •
• 1 Depot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway^.Oak-"
land.' ¦" -¦¦¦¦=¦• -¦---;¦¦ .¦¦¦ - ....¦-. ,:,-¦:
EMMA HARRINGTON. Fin. Sec. "
W^YSS— Inthis city, August 24. 1901, Christian
Wyss Jr., beloved son of Christian and Cath-
arine -Wyss, and brother of Anna, Mary and
• Catharine Wyss, a native of California, aged
8 years. 3 months and 20 days. . ' .
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday)." at -2 o'clock. ; from his late resi-
dence, fi32 Grove street. t i , . ¦
SHANABROOK— In this city, August 24, 1901.
Dora, beloved wife of William S. Shana-
brook, . and . sister of 1 Mrs. P. H. Coyle, . Mrs.
T.' Mathaws, Mrs. .E. Walsh and Charles
Smith, -a native of • San. Francisco,' aged 20
years and 9 months. A member of Inter Nos"
Circle No. 215, Companions of the Forest of
America.
. icyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late -resi-
dence, 23 Folsom avenue. . ¦ ¦¦
OFFICERS and members of Inter Nos Circle
'.No. 215, C. of F. of A.f You are hereby no-
tified -to- att»nd the funeral of our late com-
panion. Dor.% Shanabrook, to-morrow (Tues-
day), at' 1:30 o'clock, from her late residence',
23 Folsom avenue, off 'Folsom street, near
Eighth. . By order of «
. MARY ERRETTT C. C. "'
E^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, -from his late resi-
dence, 533 Stevenson street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn high re-'
qulem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of . his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. -
RIVES— In this city, August 25, 1901, Sarah
Isabella Rives, beloved mother of John E.
and Preston B. Rives, Mrs.C. R. King. Mrs.
J. E. Robins and the late Elmer B. and Len-
nle' D. Rives, a ' native of Georgia;- aged 60
years 7 months and 11 days. ' / / -
BTANGENBERGER— In this city, Aujtust 24,
1901. August M., beloved husband -of the late
Elizabeth M. Stangenberger, . and father of
August J.", Llllie, George, Emily, Lena, Ed-
win and the late Alexander Stangenberger,
a native of Germany, aged 78 years 5 months
and 14 days. . . ,
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ¦ to attend the funeral to-day
' (Mondaj'). at " 2 o'clock, . from the parlors of
H. ¦ F. Suhr & Co.; 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. . i *> •
MIDDELSTORB— In Oakland, August 24, 1901,
Daniel, . beloved husband of Geslne . Middel-
st.oib, a native of Germany, aged 66 years 9
months and 7 days. .. - - - ,
PARSONS— In this city. August 23, 1901, Edith
Parsons, beloved daughter of H. B. and Jane
Parsons,, and sister of Harry, Martha, Jen-
nie,- Arthur and Esther "Parsons, a native of
San Francisco, . aged 6 years 5 months and 3
days. . ' ¦ . . •¦¦•'. • ¦ ...
RYAN-In this city,' August 23,: 1901, Nicholas,
dearly beloved husband of. Mary Ryan, a na-
. tive of the parish of >Inch. •¦ St. Lawrence,
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 56 years.
. cyReraain 1 ? at the. parlors ofr J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission, street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. \ '. : . • : ¦ . . . ¦
McLENNAN — In Lexington, Ky., August 16,
1901, John .D-, beloved husband, of Mary Me?
Lennan, and father of John D. Jr.; Charles
H., Hattie "and Mamie 'McLennan, a native
of Nova- Scotia, aged 54 years' 5 months and
16 days. > - -.. • ¦ ¦
MAGOOX— In this city, "August 25, . 1901, Ann
¦ F. Magoon, bcloved-'mother of Oscar Magoon,
Mrs. Martha -Higsins,- the -late-Orrin Ma-
goon •¦ and - the^late . Mr.<»i-Isabell "Waenerv- a
native of Haverhill, N. H., aged 61 years 6
months and 37 days..- "' '¦ "
ET-Friends and acquaintances "are respect-
fully" invited to attend the - funeral to-day
(Monday), at '2:30 o'clock," from the funeral
.parlors of Porter •&• White,' 122- Eddy street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. ¦ - .
MARSH— In Oakland. 'August 23. 1901, Hattie
L.," wife 'of C. P. Marsh, and mother of Les-
ter F. -Prior, a native of San Francisco, aged
¦ 39 years. ' . • : . '
MEETZ— In this citv. August 24; 1901, Ma-
thilde/ beloved wife of -the late Theodore
Meetz, 'and sister of -Mrs. H. Claussen and
John H. - and Herman Gaerdes. a native of
Berne, Germany, aged- 51 years 10 months
and 10 days. ' ' ¦ v? - -
G^Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited ¦. to; attend, the funeral to-day
(Monday), at' 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1513 Mozart street. -. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
KELLY— In this city, August 25, 1901, Minnie
F., beloved wife of W. F. Kelly, and mother
of James B. Kelly, a native of, California,
aged 31 years 4 months and 6 days.
IC^'Funeral and interment private. • • : ¦
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, August 24, 1901,
Jane, beloved wife, of the late Michael Mc-
Laughlin. .and mother of Mrs. Maggie Dolan
and the late Mrs. Mary; Gearing, a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland,' aged 61 years and 10
months. • • . .-. . > > - - „ :
C^Friends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street. . In-
terment I.'- -O. O. F. Cemetery. ¦
HAERA— In this city, August 23, 1901, Frank
Haera of Midway, Alameda County, Cal.,
beloved husband of Cecilia Haera, father of
Mrs. Henry Brink and' Armor and Henry
Haera, and brother-in-law of I Martin and
Marcus Fischer, a native of Schlesien. Ger-
many, aged 68 years 1 month and 7 days.
E7" Friend, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), 'at 2 o'clock/from the parlors, of
Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Cremation Odd Fellows'
_ Cemetery. , • . ¦ . . . - . ' ; ¦• '
HARRY— In Alameda, August 24, 1901, Fannie
Harry, beloved wife of J. R. Harry, and
mother of Ethel Maude Harry, a native of
Canada, aged 33 years 3 months and 24 days.
tC7"Notice of funeral hereafter. . «
FAY— In this city, August 24, 1901, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Michael Fay, mother . of
Stephen, William J.. Edward J., George,
Thomas and Ann Fay, Mrs. E. J. Rutledge,
Mis.. Michael J. Dougherty, Mrs. Joseph Sul-
livan and the late Elizabeth, John and. Ellen
Fay, and aunt of Mrs: James Rhowan, a na-
tive- of Ireland, aged 60 years. — ¦ -.-.
iryFrlends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow*
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3265 Mission street, thence . to St.
Paul's Church, . corner of Twenty-ninth and
.Church streets, where • a requiem . mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-'
mencing at 9. o'clock^ Interment Mount Cal-
¦vary Cemetery.- ' . . - . .-• .
GRIESSER— Iii this city, August 24,' 1901, at
her 1 residence," 261 Stevenson street, Mrs.
Louise Qriesser; beloved ¦ mother of -Mrs. M.-
Palm, and grandmother of R. H. Palm and*
Mrs. A. Russell, a native of Baden, Ger- '
many, aged 95 years 2 months and ' 17 days. !
¦ ETTriends and' acquaintances : are 'respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday),' at .9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 62 Web3ter . street,' ; thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where • a requiem high mass
.will- be celebrated for the repose of. her. soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock.;- Interment Holy
'. Cross "Cemetery.. . ¦-.-. . . .;.-' . '
ENNIS-In Oakland, August 25. 1901. William
Cortes Enriis, beloved husband of Mllly En-
ni3, and brother of Mrs. John H. ¦ Pierce, a
nati\'e of • Connecticut, aged 62 years. •
(T^The ' funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9.30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 2202 Union street. Interment
'Holy Cross Cemetery, ¦ v .—
DUFFY— In this city, August ' 24, ¦', 1901, Mar-
garet "Fr, beloved wife of Patrick T. Duffy,'
.mother of Rose M., John ¦ P.,; Frank A. and
Marguerite C. Duffy, Mrs. James Burke
j and Mrs. William Hill, sister of Mrs. Ellen
Duffy, and aunt of T. Anselm Duffy, a na-
,tlve of Thurlea, County :Tipperary, Ireland.
O"The funeral, will _ take place ' to-day
(Monday), -at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
: Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue. Iri-
-. terment Holy Cross Cemetery. • . ...'.
COSGROVE— In this city, August 25, ' 1901; Eu-
gene Charles, dearly belpved son of Joseph
J. and Mary A. Cosgrove, and brother of
'¦'¦ Anna J.' and Joseph L. Cosgrove,' a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years and 13 days. ":
.. ' tC?"FrJends • and acquaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral to-day,
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1121 Hampshire street. : Interment Cy-
- press-Lawn Cemetery. • ¦ '-••.'• - •
CONNOLLY— In this city, August 24, 1901,- Jo-
seph C, beloved son of the late Joseph Con-
' nelly and' the late ¦ Mrs. Lydia i Mylo, j and
nephew of - Miss' Jennie O'Connor, . a native
, of San Francisco, aged 17 years 9 months and
. 24'days. ¦ _••- ¦ '¦¦-¦¦'.. -¦. - : - : : ;
-. ETFrlends and acauaintances. are respect-
fully invited to- attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from; his late resi-
dence, 1274 Eddy street, '.near Buchanan. 1 " In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by spe-
•cial car.- " : " • '* '* ' '* ¦' v ¦¦
CONN— In Lone Beach, CaV. August 20, 1901,'
Francis, beloved husband -of. Eliza' Conn,
¦ father of Mary A. ; Conn and the late Fred
J.. and Frank W. Conn, and brother. of Fred-'
erlck Conn, a native of Kent, Conn;,', aged
' 63 years 5 months 'and 14 days.' "A member
of Alta Lodge No. «2, A..O. U. W.
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION TUESDAY. August 27, stables
at 1140 Folsom, I will sell all styles of Horses.
Buggies, Wagons, Surrey9. Carts and Harness.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer. •
EAILWAT TBAVEL.
¦ S- /
TKeMMvmChajrg^
Of the Barlington Overland
Excursions has made the trans-'
: continental trip scores of
times. He knows all the
points of interest en route. He
looks after his passengers day
and night ; sees that the por- .
ters do their duty; that the
¦¦<¦.. journey across the continent
is ENJOYABLE as -well as
q -ick and comfortable. *
From Los Angeles, Mondays and Wed- .
nesdays: San Francisco, Tuesdays and
_____________ Thursdays — Omaha.
Chicago. Kansas City. "-
fptMijil 7WW St. Louis and beyond.
j}f)jjjfj|(]ffl(|j Tickets and berth3
iMWHLgwj at 631 Market Street.
la — _M-3B} W. D. Sanbosv,
I I GenT Agent
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
'Seal am !•«*-« ami nr* tin* to nrrlv* ail ¦
NAN Fit A NCI .<*<!«». -
(Main Una. Foot of Market Streat) ' -- ', j ¦:
lkats — Fbou Jolt H 19Q1. — aksiti
' 7:OOa Benlcia, Suisun, fclmixm and Sacrs-
meutu.... »'*lf
¦JsOOa Vse-TiUe. Wlotcn, Ramsey 7iSS»
<i3Ui Martinez, SanU-iiuui, Vallejo. N»p».
CalbtrgA-Ddttuite Ron 0:23p
8:0«a Daria, Woodland. Knig&ts Laad_fc
MirysTille. OrofllR...,. 7:33«
SiOO* Atlantic Kxpren— Ogden and Eaat 12:23*
SiOOa Nllea. Lathrop, Stockton liSar
»!O0a Niles, Mendota. Hanford. Vtoalla,
Potttrrille . 4:33?
l<8». Shasta Kxpreu— Darts, Williami (tot
BarUett Springs). Willows, Red
Bluff. Portland. 7i«S#
aj»Oi Ban Jose, Liforioore. Ktockton.
lone, . Haersmento, Flacer? ills,
M.rjivUie, Chieo, lied lllnff 4iS3r
¦i*0a Oakdale. Chinese (Ycsemite). 80-
nora. Carters..; ; - 1:23?
tt:OO a Hayward. Niles and <?ar Stations.. ¦ I >& Aa
Sioot Vallejo la*23*
•>•«_ Los Angeles Kxpren — Martlnes. : -_'--' r :
Tracj, Lathrop. Stockton. Meroed
Freauo and Los Angeles .......... 7:*3>
•1SO4 Vailejo, Martinez aud Way Stations ?i35r
I 1 9:«I0a The Orerland Limited— Ogdan, Dan.
ver, Omaha. Chicago. ............. •<»ar
fI:OOr Sacramento Kl«er dienncri fSiOOA -
Si3Or Hayward. NUes and Wai Station! .. 7:33-
4iV*r Ueulcla, Winters, Baeranientot
Woodland. Knight* Landing,
MnrysTillu, Orof Ille I«:33a
4iO«r Martins*. Han ¦ lUinoti. Valleja,
Nap*. «:»li*ti>K». Hanta Itoam *>S.1a>
«:OOr Nllea, Llvermore. Stockton, Lodl... . 1»> «r
4isur Hayward. Mlsa,yan Joaa, LiTermore fS:»9A
4i80p Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 10:23a
•iDDflkt Owl Limited— Kieiuo, Tulara,
BakersOeld. Haugus lor Sauta Bar-
bara. Lo» Augelos HiSSa
*<OOr Blartinrs. AnUoch. Stockton. Mer-
oed. Fresno 13~t3>
BtO»p Tosemito \XiXir
¦>SOr New .Orleans Erpran Mendota. ' ,-;. .
1 • - Freena Bakennetd. Los Angelea,
1 Iteming. El Faaa. New Otleana ¦
and East 7t»»A
• ioi»r Hayward, Niles and San Jos«....... ?¦.&**
f«:O(»p VaUaJo 11:234
•:OWp Oriental Mall— Olden, Cbejenna,
Omaha. Chicago . 13-CS*
li««r Orion tal AI al 1— Ogdea. - Denver.
8k. Lotus. Chieago. «tS3»
1t—r Oregon and CalUoruia Kzpreaa,Mae* <
ntiiieiito, Marjsillle, J'biIiIIiik,
Porllanii. 1'iiKat Hound and Kast 1:39 A
ti«3p San Pablo. Port Coata. Martina*
and Way SUtlous 1 1:25*
< t«**ar VallBJo .- 7tS3-
COAST LINE (."farrow «»»«•}.
., (Foot of Market Street.) _.
X7i4Sa Santa Cnu Excursion to daata Cnu —
- and Principal Way Stations XS'O3#
' SilSAltewark.CeuterTllI<f,8aaJoa«,relton. ¦„- ¦
- . ' Boulder Creek.BautaOiux and Way
" • Stations.. - liMt
t*tl*l> Newark CenterTille. San Jose, New '. '•--..
- Almiiilon. F «l ton, Iloolder Creek. -
Sante Cnu and Principal Way
. - Statloua I«i5«a
«iI.1f Newark. Han Jose. Loa Gatoa tS> n **
r -«tl3rGlenwood.Booldei Creek, SantoCroi «»»3O4
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
i tnm SAI f H.1SCISC0— fw» of iiirt.it Strut (Slip «)—
11-.lt »;0O 11:00*. M. 1:03 3:03 B:XSr.w.
frtaiOlIUIS— r**t •t.rHtaiT.— 1»:00 J3;OO t3.-0»
19;00i.il. 12:08 8-03 l:C3r.M.
. COAST LINE (Rroad «an S e).
i-".l - (Third and Townaend Sta.)
•tl»a Ban Jom and Way HtatJona.. .._,.... ••»•_>
17:00* Ran Josaaml Way Stalluiis. M li»«»r
/7i«»a New Alinadeu / «JlO*
t7il*ASnndsi Ezounion for Ban Jcsa,
Santa Crus. Paclflo Grore and
Principal Way Stations. lliM*
MUHu Jim. UoUliter. HauU Cm*.
Paellio Uiove. Salinas, Baa Luis
Obirpa Santa Barbara aud Pria-. '
dpailutarmedUte -Stations........ TiSO»
l«ilO* Ban Joae and War Stationa.. C>3O»
llt8OA Bau Jose and Way HUtlona *i3U#
tS>4O» 8au Matea. Uadwood. Mrnlo Park. '
',' Palo Alta Hanta Clara. Sa» Joaa.
Hol'ister, 8auU Cruz, gallna-.
.'¦ Monterey and Paellio drovs 110:43a
StSOr San Jose. Tree Pino*. Santa Cnu.
' ----- ¦ Faeifto Grore aud Way button* «tlor
f€tl>F San JoaeaiMl Principal Way Stations ->-*3*
iSiOOr San Jom. Los Gatoa and Priucipal
WaySUtlons........ f9iOO4
¦iSOr 8an J ose and Principal Way Stations 8i38_'
•iOOr Redwood, Han Joan, Gilroy. S-lina*. - ¦
-' -Sauta Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03*
! eiSOr San Joaa aud WayHtatioua t*<««*
«ll»4.1p San Jose and Way autions 7:30y
A for Morning-. . P for A f teraoon,
t Bnnday excepted. t Annday only.. s>.
¦" « Saturday only. - . « Mondty.
e Saturday and Snnday. J Xueadajs and F/tdajts.
N.ORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Farry.
Commencing April ?$, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
, AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYO-«:55. 8:30. »9:30. lt:00 a. m..
12:45' »1:45. 3:13. 4:15. 5:15. •6:15, 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-^Kor Mill Valley and . San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. »10:00. 11:00." 11:33
a m.. 12:45. n:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:05, 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln. •
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
1 WEEK DAYS— *5:2S. 6:27. 7:17. 8:35. 10:15 .
a m.. »12:25. 1:15. 2:20. •3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00. 9:43. ni:0O a, m.. 12
tn., 1:00. 2:13, 4:30. *5:43. 6:43. 7:30. 10:1(1
p m. ¦ -. •
"Trains marked (•¦> -tart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO- SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 6:45, 7:53. • 8:55. 10:33
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, - Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.."12:lS.
1:20, 2:30 3:45. 5:00. «:13. 7:13, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. nv week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . "
3:15 p. m. ' Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted}—
Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .. -- •
10 a. m.' Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
629 KEARXY ST. Established .
In 1854 for the treatment of Privata
Diseases. I^ost Manhood. Debility or
dNease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. ¦ Charges low.
C'nr*-«s:iu»rsintr«Ml. Callorwrttav
Dr. J. JF. AIB"!ONi Han Francisco. CaL '
fiElLL
61 per Year*MONDAY. AUGUST 26.
Sun rises 5:34
Sun sets 6:43
Moon sets........ .....2:08 a. m.
Time Time Timel" Tlmel
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
f L. W II W L W H W
26... 2:44 0.0 9:50 4.6 2:36 2.7 8:40 5.4
27... 3:22— 0.1 10:27 4.9 8:22 2.2 9:31 5.6
28... 4:05—0.1 11:00 5.1 4:05 1.8 10:20 5.7
29*.. 4:43 0.0 11:30 5.3 4:54 1.4 11:10 5.7
30... 5:24 0.2 12:00 6.4 5:41 1.0
-. HW L W. HW L W
31 .. 0:01 5.5 6:05 0.61 12:35 5.5 6:30 > 0.7
1 .. 0:56 5.3 6:46|-1.0| 1:10 5.6| 7:20 ' 0.5
NOTE— In the above • exposition of the tides
the early morning' tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of .the
day in the order of occurrence as to time;- the
fourth time . column gives the last tide of ¦ the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. . The •"heights given are In
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except: when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given, is subtracted from the • depth . given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of . the lower low waters. ' • ¦,-}-•'
Steamer Movements.
' .TO. ARRIVE.
. Steame'r. ' '. From. Due. ¦
Mandalay Coquille River .'.". Aug. 26
Ban Jose Panama* & Way Ports. Aug. 2S
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 26
Hongkong, Mar China and Japan Aug. 27
Warren Seattle Aug. 'il
Palena. . Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 28
Mariposa' Honolulu Aug. ZH
Arcata Coos Bay I.:............ Aug. 28
Pomona Humboldt • Aug. 28
South Portland Coos Bay-..*.'. ...; Aug. 20
Walla "Walla..? Puget Sound Ports Aug. 29
Guatemala..... Valparaiso. & Way • Pts Aug. 29
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 2a
Point Arena... Point Arena Aug. 30
Horda.... v Oyster Harboi-.. ....:.... Aug. 30
Matteawan..*.. Tacoma'...." ;..... Aug. 30
Eureka.. Humboldt Aug. 30
Curacao........ Mexican Ports Sept.- 1
Serapls.. Hamb.urg-& Way Ports Sept. 1
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Sept. 3
Australia Tahiti Sept. 3
China. China and J&iJan....... Sept. 3
Newport Panama - &:Way Ports. Sept.' 3
TO SAIL.
Steamer. ' Destination. . ISalls.l Pier.
' -Auwost 346. .¦ ¦-¦ ¦
Arc&ta.. ....... Coos Bay ..... . 4 pm Pier 13
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Argyll... N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm S. W. 1
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier* a
Anewt 2T. ¦- : - ¦ i-.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 7
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier K
Neko.. S. Amer & Europe 12 m Pier 27
Gaelic......... China: & Japan..... lpm PUSS
Signal Grays & Willapa H 5 pm Pwllst
. AiiKiint as.
San. Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
San Juan.....' Panama &'Way...|12 m PMSS
Mandalay.... Coqutlle River...... 5 pm Pier 8
„ E Aosrust 29. '
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
AuRunt 3O. .. ¦
Pomona.'..... Humboldt ....".:.:.. 1:30 p Pier 9
AiiKust 31.
Mariposa. . .. . Honolulu ............ 2 pm Pier 7
it*. •'¦¦¦ >. -September 1. ¦
St. Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm Pier 34
Santa Rosa..' San Diego & Way..| 9 am Pier 11
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
' Waters at Fort Point, entrance -to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ' •
NOTE— The high and low waters occur ¦ at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ST JOHNS— Arrived Aug 25— Stmr Siberian
from Glasgow and Liverpool, for Halifax, N.
S. and Philidearhla.
MALTA— Passed Aug 25— Stmr GIer.sk, from
Tacoma. via Yokohama, Hongkcng and Singa
pore, for London.
BREMEN— Sailed Aug 24— Stmr Barbarossa,
for 1 Southampton and New York. .
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug: 25— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Aug 25— Stmr Bar
barcssa. from Bremen, for New York.
LIZARD— Passed Aug 25— Stmr Kensington,
from. New York, for Antwsrp; stmr Vader
land, from Antwerp, for New York. : ¦' .» -
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 25— Stmr Umbria,
from New York, via Queenstown. .
NKVV YORK- Arrived Auc 25— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne; stmr
Mesaba, from London; stmr Trojan Prince,'
from Genoa and Naples.
GLASGOW— Sailed Auk 25— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from New, York, via - Moville.
MOVILLE— Sailed Aus 25— Stmr City of
Rome, from Glasgow, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aue 24— Br stmr In
dravilla, from Oregon. Prior to Aug 24— Jap
stmr ' Riojun . Maru, from Seattle: Br stmr
Duke of Fife, from Tacoma; Br. stmr Carlisle
City, from San Diego.' ¦ ¦ ' • *¦¦
VLADIVOSTOK-Sailed Aug 15— Nor . stmr
Tyr, for Oregon. '
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to ¦ Aug 24— Br
stmr Athenian, from Vancouver.
MANILA— Sailed . Aug 25— U S stmr Grant,
for San Francisco.
ADELAIDE-Arrived Aue 24-Ship Star of
Bengal, from-Chemainus. . y
FOREIGN PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Auk 25— Schr C S
Holmes, for Port Townsend; schr Alcalde, for
Coos Bay. »
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Aug 25— Bark
Theobald, from Nome; bark Palmyra, hence
Aug 20, for Port Gamble, in tow of tug De
fiance, i ' . > .• ¦-«:•, ,
Arrived Aug 25 — Schr.Ruth E Godfrey, from
EUREKA— Sailed Auf - 25-Schr . Occidental,
for San Pedro; schr Transit, for San Fran
cisco. .
ASTORIA— Arrived Ausr 25— U S stmr Mohi
can; ' ¦ ' - • : -' • •
• VENTURA— Arrived Aus . 25^Barge Santa
Paula, hence. Aug- 22, 'in tow of, tugf Rescue. •
Sailed Aug 25— Barge Santa Paula, in tow of
tug Rescue, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug 25 — Stmr Elihu
Thomson, from Nome.. Aug 24— Stmr Portland,
from Nome. - •
Sailed Aug 24— Stmr Oregon,, for Nome. Aug
25— Stmr Humboldt, for Skaguay.
PORT '-LUDLOW— Sailed Aug 2»-Schr Annie
M Campbell,, for Salaverry. : . •¦ ¦
POINT LOBOS, Aug 25, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, .velocity 30 miles per. hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Sunday, August 25.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, i Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgrett, Ventura.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr ' Bonita, Nopander, Seattle.
Br ship Tasmania, Rohde, Quecnstown.
Bark St Katherine, Saunders. Hllo.
Schr G W Watson. Lass, Port Townsend.
SAILED.
Schr Free Trade, Thorsen,. 6 days from Fort
Brags. ... ¦
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 6 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
deca. • ¦ ¦ . •'
bchr Glen, Anderson, 12 days, from Port Lgs
Aneeles. .
Sunday, August 25.
Btmr GlDsy. Hinkle. 24 hours from Moss
Landlnc ¦ ¦ - . ¦ . ' -¦¦¦,¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
10
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 26, 1 901.
;. FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer.' Destination. . Sails.
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 26
Dolphin Skaguay & "Way Ports. Aug. 2«
Roanoke... Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller Aug. 27
Al-Ki Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 2S
Dtrigo... Skaguay & Way Ports. |Aug. 2S
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. I Aug. 29
Senator Nome direct ....Aug. 29
Santa Ana..... Nome and, St. Michael. |Aug. 31
For home ve », for bar use, for physician's
use, for everybody's use, Jesse Moore Whiskey
ls always the best and is in most general de
mand. ».
DR. MISE WEDS MISS SHIREK -
AT THE CALIFORNIA) HOTEL
One of the Prettiest Marriages of
Midsummer Season Celebrated
by Rabbi Nieto..
One of the prettiest weddings of the mid
summer, season took place at the Califor
nia Hotel last evening at 6 o'clock, when
Miss Wanda Shirek, daughter of Mrs.
Adolph Shirek, became the bride of Dr.
S. Charles Mish. The parlors were hand
somely decorated for the occasion and the
nuptial knot was tied by Rabbi Nieto
Miss .Stella Shirek, the ¦ bride's sister
was maid of honor. Miss Cecilia Shirek'
Miss B. Badt, Miss Julia Mish and M!sa
Theo. Prince were bridesmaids. Julius
Mish, Oswald Mish. Harold Werner
Charles Mish and Herbert Shirek were the
ribbon bearers.
After the wedding ceremony supper was
served. Mrs. Sidney Shirek and Mrs M
L. Friedenthal of Chicago assisted in re
ceiving, the 150 guests who were present
After the- wedding journey south Dr. and
Mrs. Mish will go to housekeeping in this
city.
The horse chestnut trees are like huge
bouquets In thsir showy bloom.
Franz Bohnie, _ Rupert Hanbold. William Os
terlcch. Will Przyoorowski, Charles Ruesy
James Schrick. Fred Steiner, Will Sloessel E
August, George Bucker, John Drewes, Harry
Loretz, Otto Muller, Joseph Rupreltt, Victo-
Blos. Will Christen. George Dollin, George
yt^V J* eubert Kayes. trances Reppetein.
John \ alenites, Margaret Apel. Louise Braun
back, Sophie Imdort, Maria Irgentall, Louise
Noyes. Josephine Ruckert, Benallne Schatgle,
Cecil Schowstein. Anna Weltl. Helen PfefTer.
Hattie Apel, Heise Bohrae, Anita Bowe, Eliza
Xirownbeck, Maria Eberhardt, Josephine Furer
Rosa Furer, Charlotte Gobe, Maria Metten.
\\ elunania Moser. Anna Reppotiens, Theresa
Schrick, Flora Stoker, Catherine Voss, Mary
Brown, Anna Becker. Gertie Dolleln, Gertta
Kobitschke. Bertha Obsfee, Maria Peters.
Lydia Lebien, H. Rapes.. Lydia Schelbast, Roll
Schneider. Rosie Steine, Maria Slocker. A.
Sterner. Maria Franz, Eva Voss. Miller Moria,
Klizabeth Ahlboel. Mary RupDrecht, Emma
Keling, Emma Moges, Elizabeth Simon, Anton
Enterle, Anton Apsl and B. Carmeniskl.
The hour of 4 o'clock had been fixed as
the time when the Archbishop would be
present in the church to confirm the little
ones. At this time the clergy, of St. An
thony s Church were assembled within
t h . e sanctuary, together with Fathers Mc-
Nichols. C. P., of St. Mary's; Burchord
of Santa Clara College; A. Doran, Menlo
Park; McGlorey, St. Boniface; V. Cassini
and others.
Following are the names of .the children
who received confirmation:
The Rev. Father Raphael Fuhr of St.
Anthony's parish on Army street was -up
to his eyes and ears in business yesterday
afternoon arranging the children who
were about to make the acquaintance of
his Grace Archbishop Riordan before the
altar, where they were to receive the.sac
rament of confirmation. The interior of
the church was handsomely decorated for
the occasion. • •
Many Little Ones Receive Sacrament,
Archbishop Riordan Officiating
at the Ceremony..: .
CONFIBMS CHILDREN OF
ST. ANTHONY'S PARISH
John Deveney, Peter O'Brien, Bernhard Gor
man, John P. Daley, Patrick Tenney. Hugh
MoLaughlir.. John Quinlan. James Farrell,
James McLafferty. H. Riley. Henry Deveney,
Patrick Hurley, Felix Gorman.
A i onsiderable sum of money was real
ized frc.m the affair, which will ta used
in the l-cnevolent work of tiie society.
That the ouUng was so successful l« due
rr.:tinly 10 the efforts of the commutes of
ci raii£*-ments which was composed of the
following named:
Itaces and other athletic contests ¦were
iieiu fcr boys, girls, professionals, young
men. young lacfes. married men, married
ladies, fat men, fat women and members,
f jr nrizes cf cash and provisions." Two
bands and an orchestra were present to
fun.isli c-ntertainment for the guests find
music for the dancers. Forty valuable
g;itc rrizes were given away.
The Tyrone. Fermanagh and Donegal
Benevolent Society held . its eleventh
«nnual Dicnic at Shell Mound: Park yes •
terday. Special trains were run to the
paik throughout the afternoon, and, more
than 2000 guests were present to enjoy the
festivities. . . .
Tyrone, Fermanagh and . Donegal
Benevolent • Society Holds Very
Successful Annual Outing.
PLEASANT AFTERNOON
SPENT AT SHELL MOUND
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia,
Druggists, 60c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay. •
. The three Schwartz brothers; Isadore,
James and Meyer, i proprietors of the . Tha
lia saloon, and. Henry and Alexander Men
sor endeavored to settle family difficulties
in front of the Thalia yesterday, and as a
result the Mensor brothers: were arrested
on. a charge ..of .disturbing the peace.
Alexander Mensor was also treated at the
Emergency Hospital for wounds received
during the melee. Police Officer Joy made
the arrest ; . <
Mensor Brothers Arrested.
Albert Whittier, living ...at 675. Bush
street, • was attacked by two men at | the
corner of. Bush and Powell streets ; late
Friday night and : robbed of a gold chain
and a diamond -locket. : Whittier was, on
his " way home when he was suddenly
struck from behind. As he turned around
his assailants repeatedly struck him until
he fell to . the ground- insensible. They
then relieved him. of his Jewelry. .
Whittier. has given a good description of
the robbers to the police and every effort
is being made to arrest them. • • » ,
Two Thugs on -Powell
1 ( Street. 2 ¦
Albert Whittier Brutally Beaten by
The St. Paul is scheduled to arrive from
Nome to-day, but the chances. .are. *that
it will be early in the morning before she
gets here.
The Gypsy, "Old Perpetual- Motion,"
keeps on running as if there were never
such, a thing as a strike. She arrived
yesterday from Santa Cruz and will sail
again this evening. - „
BOBBING OF A CITIZEN:' ;>
AT THE BOOR OF HIS HOME
*The City of Puebla was among the ar
rivals yesterday. She got in- on time from
Pugef Sound. • '--.-•;:.- ,
The Argyll was 'to have sailed for Pan
ama and way ports but she Is behind
tim^, owing to the strike and will not get
away until; this afternoon. .
Water Front Notes.
The schooner G. W. Watson narrowly,
escaped going ashore on the South Beach
yesterday. She was beating out -when the
wind fell light and she began to drift in
shore. When off the south beach, -the
anchor" was let go and held. : Luckily the
tug Sea Queen came along a few minutes
later, and taking hold towed, the Watson
to sea.. The vessel was never in .any dan
ger,, but to the crowd on the heach and
Cliff House it looked as if she were going
ashore. r-i't . ¦ -
The G. W. Watson's Narrow Escape.
The steam collier . Empire is . adrift
somewhere between here and Coos Bay.
When twenty miles northwest of Trinidad
she broke her shaft and ever since has
been at the mercy of the wind and waves.
The first "mate, carpenter and two sailors
managed to reach Trinidad in a boat and
the news of the disaster was telegraphed
here. A boat was sent out " Saturday
evening and the chances are the derelict
willbe picked up to-day. The Empire was
well found and there is no chance of an
accident unless. . the vessel should drift
ashore. • . . ¦
Collier Empire in Danger.
Third Vice President Kendrlck, Captain A. F.
Payson and Assistant Traffic Manager Bissel
of the Santa Fe are -examining the Sacramento
and San Joaquin rivers in the company's boat
Ocean Wave with a. view to get some idea of
the business handled at river landings. If it
is large enough to warrant the outlay the Santa
Fe people may put on small steamers next year
in competition with the Southern Pacific boats.
The Southern Pacific has had boats on the Sac
ramento River for years, and the business Is
understood to be profitable. The Santa Fe has
good river - stations at Stockton, Antioch and
Point Richmond. .
More river boats are to be built and
competition will be 'the order of the day
en the Sacramento and San Joaquin next
season. The Commercial News published
the following last Friday:
and San Joaquin.
Will Run Steamers on Sacramento
SANTA FE IN" OPPOSITION.
A few weeks ago the insurance, com
panies were willing to pay 90 per cent on
the County of Haddington, 20 per cent on
the Hydra, 12 per cent on the !Roanokt\
30 per cent on the Empire, 15 per cent on
the Renfleld, 10 per cent on the Santa
Ana, 25 per cent on the Calluna and 23
per cent on the Prince Arthur. .
Since then the Empire' has arrived at
the islands, the Roanoke has been spoken,
the Renfleld has .arrived at. Valparaiso
and the Santa Ana has been withdrawn
from the list. This leaves the County cf
Haddington, the Calluna and the Prince
Arthur among the overdues listed in thi3
market. The Haddington is making a
very long run and the probable loss of
the Manchester has something to do. with
the 90 per cent now being offered.
The County of Haddington is a sister
ship to the County of Inverness, now in
this port. The latter vessel arrived here
from Plsagua in ballast on the 10th inst.
and is under charter to load wheat for
Europe. The County of Haddington, after
discharging her cargo in the Orient, was
alsa to have come here to load wheat for
Europe. • . >¦
ITis rarely or never that; a vessel
• bound from the Atlantic Coast to the
Orient is. lost. Once in a while on
oil laden craft is. burned at sea, but
the incidents are so few and far be
tween that they are lost sight of in tha
number of oil carriers burned in port. A3
a general rule all vessels bound from New
York, for the Orient make a long passage
owing to contrary winds. In spite of this
¦well known fact,, however, the under
writers are afraid of this class of. vessels
and" any craft that goes beyond 150 day 3
is sure ..to appear among the "overdues."
SPECULATORS TAKING CHANCES
ON COUNTY OF HADDINGTON
Vessel Now Overdue in China From New York arid
Only RiskSeenis to BeHer Cargo of Goal Oil.
FOUR-MASTED BARK COUNTY OF INVERNESS, NOW : LYING IN 'MISSION BAT AWAITING A , CHANCE TO
LOAD WHEAT FOR EUROPE. SHE' IS A SISTER SHIP TO THE OVERDUE COUNTY OF HADDINGTON, ON
. WHICH 90 PER CENT- REINSURANCE IS BEING PAID. V . , ' .- " ' :
New York cider \
rez'Jy speefai
pts *2*25-qts $3 25 doz i5c-$i 80 doz
Long Island apple juice 25c— $3 doz
Knife sharpener
Natural grft carving-knife hone -9 nr *
reg'ly 25c-^simple— efficient • u^
Turkey duster
All black tail feathers — a rc
14 inches long — reg'ly 60c .-t^ u
«32 Pine 332 Sutler 2800 California San Fransclcs
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
Scotch whiskv
H'ghland Club D C L Q cc
reg'ly $i bottle— $4 so ga! . *
Special Liqueur (12 years old)— i?4
reg'ly $150 bottle "—$1 IC
Rye _w h i s k y
500 quart demijohns — old "» *;;r -.
mellow rye— special drive Z each 8 CC
until all are sold ; *,%f_. ,:
Brandy
California — the kind for brandled 75c
fruits— reg'ly $1 bottle $4 gallon $3
.Ginger ale
Schwepp's— imported— tf T - -
reg'ly $1 50 dozen . ? x 35
GOLDBEBO, B0 WEN * C0'3 SPECIAL 8 AVINU 8ALB
ilBBONSALE.
During t6e past week we have opened ud an
immense stock of NEW, PLAIN and FANCY
RIBBONS, in the latest soft weaves, The
assortment consists of PLAIN SATIN TAF-
FETA RIBBON, LIBERTY TAFFETA RIB-
BON, SATIN FLORENTINE RIBBON, PLAIN
LOUISINE RIBBON and DOUBLE-FACED
SATIN LIBERTY RIBBON. THese are the
makes so much in demand, and we have them
in all widths from 1-8 of an inch ud to 5
inches, Then are all from the hest makers
and will he sold at Yeru reasonable Drices,
SPECIAL.
. 1500 pieces Extra Quality SATIN TAFFETA RIBBON,
soft weave and Ulan lustre, full 3J inches wide, 35
different shades, also Blacks and Whits.
25c iretrcl.
SPECIAL.
1750 pieces Best Quality DOUBLE-FACED LIBERTY
RIBBON and LIBERTY TAFFETA RIBBON, 4 Inches
in width, so much used for neckwear and helts,
flhout 40 different shades.
3Oo Yard.
SPECIAL.
1200 pieces SATIN FLORENTINE, SATIN TAFFETA
and LIBERTY SATIN RIBBONS, In all the new Fall
shades, width 5 Inches.
35c Yard..
EXTRA SPECIAL.
500 pieces No. 9 BROCADED SATIN RIBBON, With
white edges, In all the leading shades, such as
Blues, Pinks, Maize, Lilac, Nile, Cardinal; Tur-
duolse and White.
worth 30c. 15c yard.
"^4^^* V^^ " "^ J^
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Ha ma me 1 i;s
Extract of witchhazel-heals auar t a oA
hurts-J^ pint isc-pint 25c quart .4°C
eOLDBIBS, BOWXN * CO'8 SPECIAL 8AV15B SALI
BOW EN
& CO
Our. special items are se-
lected from the finest goods
obtainable-our regular stock
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Marmalade
Keiller— Dundee— your only
opportunity at this price — 2OC
for 3 days— reg'ly 25c jar
Coffee
F r u its
Alcalde— extra selected ' - flS:'*-^.
reg'ly 20C-2K Ib can 3 ror 5 OC
Baking powder
Excelsior— reliable— 0 C
economical — reg'ly 40c Ib •*
S a^r.d i .n e s
Imported— Ispa— Beziere— Tnr T -i r
reg'ly i2^c-2oc can IOC " 1 7t c
, To mat o e s
Solid packed-reg'ly ioccan 3 cans 25c
35c jar • VV» 1 jars 55c
S h; rim p s ;
For a quick salad-Pansy- '.•«, r nr - -_
reg'ly 10c can . o J
He r r in g.
Moir's— Kippered — breakfast 2OC
delicacy— reg'ly 25c can •
C o c o a n u t
Schepp's— for pies— cookies- .
pudding-macaroons— .2 lbs A.Z.C
reg'ly 30c Ib Z
Far d d a t e s
Just arrived— large black variety— T O r*
reg'ly iaj&.lb 'IOC
C h ocol a t e
Kraft— vigor chocolade — rrr
reg'ly 65c Ib ->-> c
M a p 1 e s y r u p
, Hazen — pure Vermont sap-r . /* nP
reg'ly 65c % gallon 5 . OO S
Laundry soap
GB&Co.-'Home" "^
brand— pure tallow stock 8 cakes ICC
reg'ly 6 for 25c j . .
;S a f e t y m a t ch e s
Light only on the box - . .
safe around children 5 doz boxes 25c
Orange; w a ter
Figuet— France— quadruple A cn
•essence— reg'ly 60; bottle* *•>
A SHIRT TALE
Told In Ragtime,
By one from 's.
They said I would wear
and not tear.
They said I would wash
and not fade.
They said I would fll • '
and not bear.
For I was a very high
grade. .
i I The first time worn I
tore.
The first time washed
I faded; '.';.{
The fit was bad and
the man I did bore,
He said I was very poor
graded.
A SHIRT TALE
Told in whispers
By one from Gibson's. •
I come from a* store
well knowen.
And many a knock I've
. But for color and fit
I've showen
I'm the best . for my
old dad.
And I will be "Tour -;
Bosom Friend."
John 1 T* /Gibson,
The Men's Furnisher,
sells nice things for
men to wear at
J204 MARKET ST.,
Near Golden Gate ave.
! OPEN TILL 8 P. ; M. '
v r Phone Folsom 438.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
hgcot k mm
POPULAR 3-DAYS' SPECIAL
SALES FOR GASH.
KOSDAV, .TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY.
sugar, gisSi-rS. 20 lbs- ¦ .$i.oo
Best pure cane.
BUTTER, Hu^I d t^ q a £% y s : Ib 25c
• A Fancy Table Butter.
SOAP, a floating borax, 6 cakes 25c
EGGS, ' Cu fi?SUSoS? 8d . .-dozen 20c
PORK and BEANS, SJSri'.ftcao 10c
Kcrner-B. Beet Pack on earth.
HAMS, Eastern sugar-cured, Ib - . 14c
Plunip, mild and Juicy flavor. Reg. 16c
SCOTCH OATS, 3 large pkgs-.. 25c
A delicious morning meal. Reg. 2 for 25c.
COFFEE, !Ma& Java blend, Ib 25c
The Best High Grade Coffee. Reg. 25c.
TEAS, flew season's, e f ar°e t ,cs. lb40c
We carry the best selected Teas in the
State. Reg:. 60c and 75c.
WHISKEY, ir P l c -c M r c Srln s d. qt bot 65c
The cenulne article. ¦
WHISKEY, &*«£¦ per gal $2.50
Straight goods. Pure and mellow. Reg $3.50.
¦ Telephone. Send us letter or postal card All
orders given strict attention. ,
3002-3004 Sixteenth" St., near Mission.
P-'" * . Tel. Mission 238.
EXPERT
EYE-CLASS
Ocu'ists" Prescription Glasses
l}\{. made to order in one hour.
i Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
i PHONE MAIN 10.
0PTICIAN5>p HnT^APH |CAPPAR ATi;5.
o4Z Market 5t. instruments
iiwdir CHROHicit ButLOiNb. CftTAlOCUE FriC.
"|«^ FAVORITE
Bi forweakwomen.
IA/. X. HESS.
; KOTART PCBLIC AKD ATTOKNET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claug Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, £21 California, et.. below Powell.
, San Francisco. I
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
I Before Removing to Oar New Store, |
• 219 GRANT AVENUE, |
| SPECIAL ONE WEEK ONLY: |
I Genuine London Dyed Sealskin Jackets, regular |
1; price $150, reduced to- • • • • •• • |
•Near Seal Jackets, regular price $25,00, §
8 reduced to---- — ••••••¦$16,5O §
I Near Seal Jackets, regular pfice $45.00, ; |
• . reduced to------ •• ¦• •••• •••$32.50 s
S Near Seal Jackets, regular price $65.00, !
• reduced to- •••••• •••••••$45.00 |
S Above Jackets The very Iat« ©
J come plain op estl •
• with mink a*1C*% .. ©
S Persian stone J iStifea, AIso a fine I
ftfl J vl Olu.il* OLViiv ff? fj**Tm. feTf 11^."*. £ f\ %*•
I marten, or -M«Il6w M " e °j Capes I
S hack marten f i ?Pl#^ and Boas at •
% DIacK mar i en f [wkw /? rpduppd nrirp<? ©
% collar and re- i ' ] 'ISy \fl «?l\ C f S
% vers. our own L__L_1M $ 2 - 50 to •
• make, lined | JB^ 5250. •
j with elegant 1 7 ' */A A rare op- •
« qnalfty of heavy, ¦ » — — « — Q^MjtX portunftyto 3
o ? a!n " '"?• ._¦__' _r^4 A yflVX get a genuine 8
| brocade silk, i \\\ bargain in real S
• double-breasled or . V ' J 1 vt \ r ? argam lfl rea| • o
J bias front. " : --f furs. ©
i DADCDT tl'iSI LTD \
iKUDbKl WALLAtfc,i
• 115 KEARNY STREET, §
• TOP FLOOR. ©
Wi, Opportunity Seldom Offered.
'Mir^^^'^^ll PFR CFNT °' 9COU " T
/fi\u 1 ' 'WPp$A' t-lill \J\jY\ 1 FQflca«H
// I'lvV'i '•' rai^v^^ j I 1^^^ r On Our Elesant Assortment of
//- , /Uff~7^P ll i^^h V Bedroom Suits, Chiffoniers,
ffe^^^L •¦¦$?'¦¦& N Combination Desks, Extension f
1 1 yy.Q f^^^^j^ -TAhles T Sideboards, China CIos-
U^lA jffll| iff Ji'yjj^ ?^ l *teifag?'*-'_^ig cts > P ot<t in^ Beds 1 .': titc.
¦'A^^^^^^^lO^iM^ "This 20 Per Cent Discount '
'*! * \l^^^^^ "^J^r-.H ! ' • * s °^' °^ r *" e s u ' ar prices, 'which are
ftC^rS reSIHg^ai^TwiC" [^t^ 0 iSr««!r9!^' i l° wer than prices of others in. our lines.
¦. .". . . ¦ 'cwvRidSr. I L?f ~ Is - only for & short time, so come)
¦. . : . NMi*^^ ¦• . early and take advantage of this oj>-
'.,Tel. South 371. .. ; .portunity to buy bargains. , ,
THE KRAGEN Piipniture Go ,
1015-1017 Market Street, opposite Taylor. s .
Like a
Meteor
Flashing across the sky — tha
dash, of the
v-»aiiiornia
Limited
as it rushes across the conti-
nent to Chicago. ' Leaves San
Francisco 9 a. *q. Monday and
Thursday, arriving In Chl-
: cago at 2:15 p. xn. Thursday
and Sunday on the
oanta re
BJ&Siliy our prices are what you have, been waiting for. Is
gSiBr The beauty of our patterns, however, will sur- MnB
WBB pass your expectations, and the great variety fl
0 of our present stock will give, you, exactly the fi|
WSJ tint andjdesign you wish. We are pleased to «j
W&3 please every one, be the order small or large. fl wk
\G.VS.€jlark 6c Co~-653 Market STJmmsfflM