| ONE-TIME "WHEAT' KING" WHO
HAS, PASSED AWAY AFTER AN
EVENTFUL CAREER.' " " ' *
PRINCIPAL, CHARACTERS AT "
PRELIMINARY . EXAMINA- \\
TION OF JESSUP'S SLAYER.'- •
Peculiar Demonstration' Occurs at a
Railway Station in
Paris.
PARIS, June 28.— Major Taylor, a negro
bicyclist, leftthis cfty to-day on the way
to the United' States. At the railway sta
tion he was surrounded by . a crowd of
admirers. One woman presented him with
a. bouaueti In an interview he said he
had received enough flags "to, tapestry,
his bedroom." He said, he regarded '-tho
French, champion, Jacquelin, as the best
European - rider. William K. .Vanderbilt
was', a" passenger on the same .train, but
he departed unnoticed by the crowd.;
HONOR NEGRO BICYCLIST
AND OVERIiOOK VANDERBILT
WILLIAM DRESBACH, fa
mous in the wheat markets
of the world and known all
over the ¦ country as the
"wheat king," passed away
et his residence, 2520 Union street, yes
terday, after a short illness. Death
was due to heart failure. He had*
been ailing for the past three days and
was confined to his home. He retired on
Thursday evening feeling 1 tired and weak.
At 5 o'clock yesterday morning his condi
tion became alarming and Dr. Ward was
called. Mr. Dresbach expired at 5:20, just
before the physician arrived.
Mr. Dresbach was 67 years of- age.
Mr. Dresbach at one time was looked
apon as the Kapoleon of the wheat market.
When the crash came that swept away
his fortune many other wealthy men were
ruined and the fortunes of still others
were seriously Impaired. It Is said of him
that he cost James G. Fair $4,000,000 and
J. C. Flood even more. His effort to cor
ner the 'wheat market of the -world was
not only disastrdus to the Nevada Bank,
which was backing him. but also to him
self to an even more serious extent.
The most remarkable Incident in the va
ried life of Mr. Dresbach was his connec
tion with the Flood and Nevada Bank
u'heat deal. This was In 18S7. At that
time there was a well defln'ed rumor that
General Boulangcr was about to "over
throw the French Government and that
4 war In France would be the result.
Speculators In this country, anticipating
the probable turn in affairs, attempted, to
corner the wheat market. Among them
was William Dresbach. He was then a
prosperous broker doing business at 316
California street and a prominent mem
ber of the Produce Exchange, having been
IU presiding officer for two terms. George
W. Brander was then manager of the
Nevada Bank and he gave Dresbach mil
lions with which to speculate in wheat.
It is said to this day that this vast sum
was given without the knowledge of either
John W. Mackay or Jaraes C. Flood, the
owners of the bank.
Disaster in Wheat Pit.
Speculation was rampant at this time
tnd the wildest excitement prevailed.
Dresbach was such a power that one "af t
trnoon at a meeting of the Produce Ex
:har.g:e, despite the unanimous vote * of
Mr. Dresbach came to;, this city in 1S77
and opened an office on California street.-
He joined ihe .Produce Exchange,., and
was soon one of its most'promlnent . arid
energetic members. _ He was" elected -vipe
president, and held that office from 1884
Mr. Dresbach .was born. In r the village
of Halve, Germany, In 1S34. . He came to
this country in 1S52 and took up his resi
dence In St. Louis. Although but IS
years of age, he displayed the thrift and
business sagacity that later aided him
In ¦ his gigantic -ventures, and ' he., soon
had a competency. His business was
general merchandise. At this 'period
gold was discovered on the Fraser River
and excitement -filled the land. Young
Dresbach became possessed of the gold
fever and sold out his store, and, with
many others, started for the land of.
promise. He remained in British Column
bia for some years ,and later drifted to
California. He. settled where the town
of Davisville now " stands, and he has
the distinction of having named th»
town. He opened a store In -this place
and " soon established a prosperous -busi
ness., He bought and sold wheat and gen
eral merchandise. ' As ' a seller of wheat
he' attracted general attention. He be
came connected with the late Isaac
Friedlander, and with his assistance dis
posed of 30,000 tons of wheat in one day.
Dresbacli's Varied Career.
" Brahder lost his position and sank into
obscurity. Dresbach's vast fortune was
swept away. In his anxiety to pay off his:
creditors he lost^every dollar he possessed
and had to begin over again. His wife
saved a little out of the wreck and Dres
bach'set up in business on a small scale. 1
Many of his customers stood by him, but
he never rose to "such an important place
in the market as In the days when he was
called the "wheat /king." He was a reg
ular attendant on Change and dabbled in
"bucket shops" like any other speculator.
" The attempt to corner the wheat mar
ket proved disastrous. - The -. commodity
fell until the speculators were ruined.. J.
C. Flood was in-danger of lqslng his en
tire fortune, and had not the late James
G. Fair come to his assistance he would
have- lost all. As it was he dropped In
the neighborhood of $6,000,000. :
burst.; The price of selling 18S8 wheat,
which' on August" 2 touched $2 17% per cen
tal, fell to $135, and. on Septembef. 6 it
went as low as $122Ui ' ' * ' -
.r Every effort was made "on. the market
to force' prices upward until of
August, 1SS7, when the gigantic bubble
the members 4o do a certain. thing, Dres-'
bach, who was .then, president, opposed
the action, and in a. voice .trembling with
emotion threatened to resign if the rnem v
bers -carried 'out their plan."- This 'startling-;
announcement had Its effect^ The mouth
of every man in the room was closed and
Dresbach had his way. *. .
The funeral will take place to-morrow
morning from the late residence, 2520
Union street. The Interment will bo
Laurel Hill Cemetery. ¦
Deceased leaves a widow and . four
children.- The latter are Mrs. H. H. Ful
ler, ¦ Miss Florence Dresbach,. Miss Irnia
Dresbach and William : Dresbach Jr. The
latter is employed in the ticket office of
the Oceanic Steamship Company. «
'Mr.- Dresbach was a member of the
Board of Supervisors appointed by Gov.
ernor Budd to take the place of the oust
ed board. He hefd this office for two
weeks, when the. duly' elected City Fath
ers were reinstalled In their places.
Mr. Dresbach was a Mason of high
standing. He was a Knight Templar, and
was a member of Sacramento Command.
ery No. 2. He was also a member of the
Merchants' Exchange.
• Advocated "Dollar Wheat."
Mr.. Dresbach's taking off. was dis
cussed generally by the wheat brokers.
They all' paid f him the tribute of being
a man who was not only kind, but never
thought ' _ of v himself. During the big
wheat deal that destroyed his fortune
be- saved' many of the small brokers by
selling them enough wheat to allow them
to' fulfill their contracts! One broker Is
reported to have said that when Dres
bach had money, all- brokers had money.
He was. known throughout the State as
the "farmer's friend." He championed
their cause and did everything in his
power to advance their Interests. He al
ways .offered- them high prices for their
!wheat. "Dollar wheat" was his hobby,
and he was a persistent "bull." He was
also' an earnest ¦ advocate of an associ
ation of farmers for the purpose of ship
ping their own wheat without employ
ing middlemen^ His scheme was never
realized.'
I When the news of his death reached
the exchange yesterday a notice to that
effect was posted on the board, and at
the 11 o'clock session George W. Me*
Near, president of the board, called a
special .-meeting, and formally announced
the demise of Mr. Dresbach. - He said
that 'the funeral -arrangements had not
been ' announced,- but he would declare
an adjournment .so that the members
might have an" opportunity of attending
the funeral.'" A ; committee composed of
E.'. Mehlert. -Arthur Page- and Herman
..Epplnger was, appointed to draft resolu
tions.' • : • \ : v
to 1£S5. He was then elected
and proved''to be one of the- most ener
getic officers that well-known organiza
tion ever had.
Continued on Page Three.
Then the District Attorney called w.j.
Mortimer, a dapper young man, 'who said
he was a real estate dealer and a notary
public. Mortimer • had taken a statement
from -Dr.- Jessup and the prosecution
wanted to get it in: evidence. ;
Jessup Did Not -Expect .to! Die.
P. A. Haviland, Deputy County Sur
veyor, opened . the» . proceedings by : pre
senting a diagram yof the -Adams resi
dence., He gave all the minutiae about
doors, ' windows," stairways, measure
ments and distances, and was relieved by
Dr. G. B. Hoagland, the physician who
attended Dr. Jessup after the shooting-.
The physician was afflicted with a defec
tive memory. He couldn't tell without
his books what day: the homicide oc
curred. After wrestling awhile with -the
doctor. District Attorney Allen , discov
ered tue error in; the complaint. After
that was rectified by the introduction of
a new -one. the case' was started 1 afresh
and Hoagland \ was recalled ' and j repeated
the testimony, he hadTgiven. at the;Coro
ner's inquest. about. the, case' and; the au
topsy." ' He thought that only . one .'case in
a thousand- like. Jessiip's was saved. ..
Adams followed'- every, phase of .the
hearing closely and watched every, move
of the lawyers and the witnesses with
eager, eyes. He was loquacious and'joc
ular, and seemed to enjoy the side. plays
that crept into the serious work of the
day. •- . » .
father and quickly -walked" out of - tne
room into the adjoining court chambers.
" She involuntarily drew away, . but only
for a second, and. then she saluted b^
"Kiss me, .my. child,", he said.
When Miss .Adams., had i completed her
narrative and started .to rejoin Miss Col
more, ; Adams pulled himself together and
walked over to her.
Begs for a Kiss.
* : — — — - — ¦ *'
ness stand and - the-- lawyers and oth
ers interested crowded about her .to
catch her hardly audible utterances, then
Adams turned away and sat with bowed
head. His face flushed, and he nervously
toyed . with, the \ stenographer's pencils
while the story came painfully from the
girl's lips. ¦¦.¦-''... ' -. .
District Attorney Allen was unfavorably
impressed with" Justice Edgar's ideas upon
the evidence and it is not at all unlikely
that an: information alleging murder will
be. filed against Adams, a course < which is
within the province of the District Attor
ney; provided 'he , believes " the evidence
warrants such • a charge. -
In spite of .the seriousness, of the situa
tion for Adams, the hearing in the hot,
stuffy courtroom' at the Town Hall yes
terday was akin to a "'.'comedy of errors."
.;• Error in Complaint. • '; ¦ ¦
Matters did not' run smoothly from the
start. The case was well along before the
District Attorney found that the com
plaint he was proceeding under forced
him into the position ofacctising Adams
of haviri"g J murdered Jessup while the"den
tist was still alive. The error ; was in
dates, the complaint reciting that Adams
did willfully, feloniously • » • kill and
murder John G/ Jessup on June 17, where
as"death did not occur until the following
day. So after all the morning session had
b*een exhausted the lawyers stopped j pro
ceedings, had a new complaint drawn and
started anew.
, The case hinged on/the testimony of
Miss Agnes .Adams, the -frail, invalid
daughter, who was the Innocent' cause of
the tragedy. For the, first time since the
shooting the father and, daughter, met.
¦She was sitting In- the courtroom along
side her /friend, . Miss Colmore, when
Adams, much - improved in '- appearance
"since 'his' arrest,'. walked briskly ; into. the
chamber, accompanied by Marshal Kerns.
The greetings were. quite undemonstra
tive. .Adams! stepped over to his daugh
ter, leaned 'toward ; her and whispered ; a
few . word3 \ inaudible to • all i save
and her companion andthen moved' away,
taking "hls'seat.by'the sideof his counsel.
It'was when the- young" woman was
called to . the witness-stand ' to" tell : the
story, of the tragedy that Adams 1 gave
expression to his feelings/ He. had until
then faced each V witness. Intent ;• upon
catching every .word; c quick to correc»
apparent errors, and busy .with' explana
tions!' Wh^n the! daughter '• took ! the "wlt
*."' ¦¦.''". ¦ ' '. ¦ ¦ . \ ¦'¦ '" ••?^ ..'. ¦¦ ¦
IT appearing to me that the offense' in
the within depositions mentioned, to
wit, manslaughter (I will designate
it manslaughter), and that there is
sufficient cause to believe the within
i named Charles G. Adams guilty thereof,
! I order that he be held to answer to the
game in the Superior Court' of the county
of Alameda, State of California, and that
•he be admitted to ball in.the;sum of $4000,
and h/e is committed to the-Sheriff of Ala
meda County until ;he 'shall- give such
ball." V '¦¦'.' ; . •' '¦
Such w'as the decision of Justice Robert
Edgar of Berkeley yesterday afternoon at
the preliminary examination of . Charles
G. Adams, the former Episcopal minister,
who on June 17 fatally shot Dr. John G.
Jessup at the Adams residence, 1801 Wal
nut street. ;
Adams' attorneys, L. S. Church and Neil
McConaghy, were^satisned with the or
der, although Church made a forcible
argument for the discharge of his client,
claiming that.' the shooting of Jessup was
excusable • homicide. ¦ • : ' #
.Marshal Kerns retold the story of Ad
ams' arrest, and then "produced the pis
tol,.which was loaded. -Attorney Church
took the weapon and. while he was exam
ining it, Adams interrupted*. saying:
• "Here, press down on the barrel at the
chamber to open It." . »V V
. \ Daughter Tells of the Shooting.
Miss Agnes Adams was next called an
a witness. She was clad in a dark tailor
made . srown.' Her face was screened by
heavy veiling. Her voice was weak and
hardly audible. Her story was the same
as she told at the Coroner's inquest, al
though the. lawyers went less into detail.
She gave the principal points in the tragic
tale, just as she did at the Inquest. She
told of how Dr. Jessup and herself had
gone to the Adams house. They entered
and the doctor stood at the foot of tha
stairs.
; " "Then^ father cried, "Who is there T "
said Miss Adams. "Dr. Jessup replied,
Jit's I,' Charlie/ _ ... ...
" 'Don't come upstairs - or I'll shoot,*
said : father. .and the doctor yelled back.
'I will if -I, have occasion to come.'
- "I asked Dr. Jessup not to 'go up. Then
father* asked if I was there and the doc
tor, said. 'Yes.' ... . '
"Again father said. 'Don't come upstairs
or. I'll shoot.', ¦
"Dr. Jessup. started up two or three
steps, and.: I: held him by the coat. He
through.' "
"When Jessup was brought home, he
said, 'I guess I've" got my ticket.' I.re
plied: 'I guess not. : You may pull
with Dr. Jessup concerning* hl3 condition,
Thomas S. Allen, at whose residence Jes
sup lived, was summoned.
" Responding to District Attorney Allen's
queries, Allen said:
; After Dr. Hoagland had given some ad
ditional testimony about his conversations
£ "Did , you ; have : any * conversation with-
Dr. Jessup about his j injuries ?" inquired
the 'District -Attorney.
"Yes," sir;, he told me he wasn't golns
to- die," replied Mortimer, and with It
the chances, of getting- that statement
went a-glimmering, for the law requires
an ante-mortem statement, cannot be ad
mitted to evidence unless the person
making it believes he. is about to die.
•' "Did' he' say anything else?" queried
Allen', still hopeful.
"He told me he wasn't afraid he waa
goins to die,", was .the.' reply.
"That's all," said the District Attorney.
Harold L.. Atkinson, living at 2101 Hearst
avenue, could' not assist the District At
torney; on that line. ¦'- ..;;
Then John , Armstrong, a carpenter at
1531 'Spring street, explained how he found
Jessup lying wounded on the porch of
the Adams residence. Armstrong took a
pistol he found near the wounded man
home, but subsequently the weapon,
which was Adams', was turned over by
him to Marshal Kern3.
Deputy .Coroner John E. Streightif iden
tified the bullet taken from the body of
the deceased at the post morten examina
tion. ' , ;. .
associates. : i^-.- i V " - /.>•;-, -', -/ ¦•'¦'',''¦ X"'-'' '¦
sub-treasury. No instructions have been
received there from Washington as to the
future depository of postofflce funds.
Whether depositors in the bankwill get
their money out dollar for dollar'may de
pend upon whether the loan of $983,000
made by Edward R. Thomas last Tuesday
will be permitted' t(5 stand. as a preferred
credit.
Fletcher Heath Is Ousted.
HAMILTON, June; 28.— The directors of
the Miami . National - Bank of Hamilton
are determined' to ."remove all. suspicion
against their institution which 'might
arise from the fact that Fletcher' Heath,^
vice president of the : Seventh National
Bank of -New York, was also vice prcsf
dent.of the Miami Bank and acting presi
dent. A meeting was called and a reorgan
ization effected ; \ whereby Fletcher ; Heath
was, not only ousted frbm,the. vice preisl-"
dency, but ' also , from the board of direct
tors. F. W. Whitaker, former/president
of, the bank, was elected president; O. M.
Baker.-the cashier, was elected vice presi
dent, and Charles E." Mason was elected
cashier. It ,ft~, stated 'that Mr; Heath's
holdings^ inj-the .Miami Bank have been
purchased , by President • Whitaker ' and -his
city. ; :,. ¦ ;;•¦ . •¦•¦; ¦• , -
The postofflce" cleared to-day through the
due to their large loans- to Marquand ¦• &*
Co. on unmarketable securities." :;v-'
Very little information was .obtalnaSle
, t to-day4n.*regard>ib>thc VictuiV-condition
of the Seventh National Brink.TBank'Ex
aminer Raynor continued at work on the
books, but he had nothing to say. as to
the result .of his investigation. Former
President Kimball was at, the bank in the
morning, but left at noon and did not
again return. No one at. the bank knew
where he went. No opportunity was. had
to-' ask him concerning the questionable
$300,000 check transaction with Marquand
& Co. through the Park Bank, which
refused to accept the Seventh' Na
tional's certificate without good collat
eral. William Nelson Cromwell, special
counsel for the Seventh National, and
President | Thomas had a conference in
-Cromwell's office. "When Thomas camo
out he said he might make a statement
later in the day, but he did not. . Crom
well said no' statement will be issued by
the bank until the investigation of its
affairs has been completed. '
Banks Make Overtures.
"Before we . say anything more," he
added, "we want to know exactly where
we are."
. He was asked in regard to the vague
rumor in Wall street that another bank
had made overtures to the Seventh Na-.
tional.with a,vlew to taking over its
business and winding it up. . In reply he
said: "Two banks have made oveftures
of that kind, but that's all I can say."
Wall street about convinced • itself
to-day that no more national banks will
be involved^ by the present crisis.' The
Ninth National,' which has been looked
upon with some suspicion because two of
its directors were also directors of the
Seventh National-showed up so well at
the clearing house that doubts as to. its
condition vanished.
Possible Prosecution.
There was some talk to-day about a pos
sible prosecution' of the Seventh's officers
by o the Federal authorities for their con
duct of the affairs of the bank. The gen
eral impression Is that the statute regard
ing the restriction of loans has been vio
lated by the bank in the $1,600,000 loan to
Mjirquand & Co. One certification is also
Illegal, although generally practiced by
the most substantial banks in New York
NEW-YORK, June .28.— It- was the ex
pected that - happened'' -when the. failure
was announced to-dayr'of Henry; Mar
quancl & Co.. The house 'Jiad caused the
downfall of the Seventh /National Bank*
and succumbed- to the/ ine'vitable. The
stcry of the relations of; the' failed firm
with the. Seventh National'- and" Park
banks Is assuming a very, ugly aspect.
Rumors of a creditors' /protective com
mittee forcing are heard, and with it
talk of a complete Investigation by •¦ the
authorities. . V '..¦... ¦, -,
The receiver appointed, Frank Sullivan
Smith, an officer/of the , Pittsburg:, Snaw
mut and Northern Road; the financing of
which practically ruined the firm and
bank, states that the firm's loans are well'
secured, but Wall street estimates the lia
bilities at $8,000,000,. of which $2,000,000 is
owing to Henry G. Marquand, the vener
able father or the senior member. Great
sympathy ¦ is expressed 1 , for Marquand Sr.
Extensive Check-Kiting.
The report of extensive "check kiting"
by Marquand & Co. between, the Seventh
National and Park banks is- confirmed."
The amount of the checks interchanged
is said to have. reached the heavy tot^l^of
between $1,200,000 and Sl'300,000. The Park
Bank admits securing a certified check of
$300,000 v.ith collateral. , /^ : j-j
No further statement as to the affairs
of the Seventh National were made pub
lic. The former executive officer's" made
no reply 'to' "the" charge,, of /President
Thomas that ' the bank's troubles were ¦'
Precial- Dispatch : to The Call.
Illegal Irregularities in '/Kiting"
Checks and Making Loans Are
Among the Allegations! '
Officers' •¦ of:- the Seventh Na
tional May Be Prosecuted,
by Government.
ThcvDistrict Attorney, of Alameda County Tdces a Different \fiew of
the Matter and May File an Information for Murder' Against
Charles G*Adams t the Unfrocked Minister*
• ' ¦; ¦¦•¦,.' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' "
Peculiar Transactions of
Banks and the Mar
quands.
UGLY RUMORS
FOLLOW THE
FAILURES
BERKELEY JUSTICE OF THE PEACE
SAYS KILLING OF DENTIST JESSUP
ONLY AMOUNTS TO MANSLAUGHTER
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCQ, SATURDAY, 1 JUNE V 39, 1901.
VOLUME XC- NO. 29.
In His Attempt to Garner the Market in 1887/ He Used Millions
Belonging to the Nevada Bank and Went Down to Defeat
and Ruin, Causing Losses to Fair and Flood*
WILLIAM DRESBACH ONCE FAMOUS
AS "KING OF THE WHEAT PIT" IS
SUMMONED BY DEGREE OF DEATH
The San Francisco CallE. D. McCABE'S SUCCESSOR ON
THE BUILDING AND LOAN
COMMISSION. . .
PRESIDENT OF THE AMERICAN
FEDERATION OF LABOR, "WHO
" "WAS SERIOUSLY INJURED.
Succumbs to His Injuries.
ANTIOCH, June 28.— D. M. Pitts, who
fell from a passenger train and was run
over yesterday afternoon at Cornwall,
died this morning.
GOMPERS BADLY HURT
IN STREET CAR ACCIDENT
President of the ¦American Federation of Labor
Suffers From Concussion of Brain.
. Tenill had not finished his testimony
when court adjourned, and he is expected
to give some sensational evidence to
morrow. French's attorney declares the
transaction of French was perfectly
'"square." He had been doing business
for Edwards and merely took the mort
gage in his name to secure Cline. He said
French would deny the charges made by
Ten-Ill.
Burnett, on the stand to-day, testified
that he had never loaned Mrs. Haskell
any money on the mortgage nor had he
received any- consideration when It was
transferred to Edwards. In fact, he did
not believe he had ever signed the mort
gage, although the signature looked like
his.
"When It came . to making out the mort
gage, Cline declined to have it made to
him, and French made it payable to Bur
nett. Later it waa transferred to W. C.
Edwards of Arizona. While Terrill did
not so testify, he claims Cline never re
ceived the money from French, and that
he will prove the assertion.
Attorney Sam B. Terrill, who figured In
the case a few years ago, became in
volved in a shady transaction with \V. A.
Cline and gave Cline a worthless mort
gage to secure a loan of $1200. Cline con
sulted Attorney French when he became
aware he had been duped. French threat
ened to bring the affair before the Grand
Jury unless Terrill paid Cline the money.
Terrill said he understood at the time
that the making of the mortgage was to
save him from prosecution. Under these
threats, so Terrill testified to-day, he in
duced his mother-in-law, Mrs. Haskell, to
give French a mortgage on their home at
College Park for $1200. French then of
'ered to obtain the bogus mortgage from
Cline and all Incriminating papers and
save him (Terrill) from San Quentin.
SAN JOSE, June 28.— Sensational
charges of compounding a felony and
fraud were made to-day against Attor
ney Henry French, a prominent Methodist
churchman, who a few years ago wa3 the
Prohibition candidate for Governor. The
accusations were preferred In Judge
Rhodes' court this afternoon In the trial
of the suit of Mrs. Lorinda A. Haskell to
have a mortgage for $12S7 made to ex-
Assemblyman J. K. Burnett In 1S99 set
aside on the ground that It was obtained
by fraud. It was further intimated that
French had signed Burnett's name to the
mortgage without his consent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Declare the San Josean Is
Guilty of Compounding
a Felony.
Witnesses in Haskell
Case Accuse Henry
French.
ATTORNEY FACES
GRAVE CHARGES
Steamship City of Seattle Lands
Nearly Two Hundred Klon
dike Passengers.
SEATTLE, June 28.— The steamship City
of Seattle, the second treasure boat from
Skaguay this season, arrived here to-day
with 175 Dawson passengers and a large
amount of treasure. T. S. Lippy, the
owner of the f amou9 No. '16 El Dorado
claim, brought out $112,000. A party of*
twelve accompanied him. Mr. Lippy was
the largest indlvdual holder.
The Seattle waited two days at Skaguay
to catch the Dawson people. Purser
Parmelee had sacks and bags of gold in
his safe which he estimates at $75 000
Many of the passengers had gold in their
staterooms of which they would make no
estimate, and the true estimate of the
total brought out on the steamer cannot
be obtained until the return is made at
the assay office.
The Fourth at San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, June 28.— Great prepara
tions are. being made here for celebrating
the Fourth of July. ' The local fire" de-
Partment Is in charge. There will be a
parade In the morning, a picnic and flan™
fir.lfn n rv Rafae i fe the af terXna^d
iaulr°e r ¥n fh^e^n/nV 11 the Courthouae
BRINGS DAWSONITES
A1TD THKIH TE-EAStrKJE
The Grand Jury returned an indictment
against Mulleney, covering many of the
points laid before the City Trustees. The
matter " is now pending in the Superior
Court.
SACRAMENTO, June 28. — The charges
suggested by the Grand Jury and pre
sented by Mayor Clark, charging. City
Surveyor "William. Mulleney with dishon
esty and malfeasance in office, were dis
missed by the Board of Trustees to-night.
Mullenej/s attorneys demurred to the
complaint on the ground of insufficiency,
and the Board of Trustees, viewing mat
ters as did, sustained the demurrer.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sacramento Trustees Dismiss
Charges Against City
Surveyor.
MULLENEY CONTINUES
IN THEIR CONFIDENCE
WASHINGTON, June 23.-Sam
uel Gompers, president of the
American Federation of Labor.
Is suffering from concussion of
the brain and a possible frac
ture of the skull. While his condition is
critical* his physician says he probably
¦will recover. He was injured last, night
as he alighted from a car on which he
had been taking his two children for an
outing.
Gompers was reported to be resting
easier to-night. An investigation has not
developed any fracture of the skull.
Landing. ,\^
SACRAMENTO, June 28.— Word was
received by telephone to-night that "Mrs.
J.' J. Dwyer. of this city * was drowned
to-day at Grimes Landing, Colusa County
No particulars have ¦ been received. Mr
and Mrs. Dwyer, Will ;Dwyer and Miss
Edna Carroll went up the river a few
days ago on one of the regular steamers
and • were expected home to-morrow. ¦ - ¦ •
Murderer O'Brien to Hang.
SEATTLE, June 28.— Word j was . brought
by the steamer City of Seattle that "George
O'Brien, who killed ; Lynn : Relf , Fred
Clayson and J Lawrence Olson ¦ on ''the
frozen 'Yukon River, trail in 'December,
18S9," has ; been -found guilty of murder in
the | first degree . and I sentenced 9 to i be
hanged in Dawson on August 23. The
case was begun on Juno. 9 and was the
greatest criminal trial in the, history, of
the Northwest. The ¦ expense of the trial
is estimated at ?100,000. . .
Mrs. J. J. Dwyer of the Capital City
Is Drowned at Grimes
GOES TO HER DEATH , \
IN THE SACRAMENTO
Seek a Fight.
SEATTLE, June 28.— New light is
thrown upon the Meredith murder case
by the Investigation which has been pros
ecuted since the tragedy. It is learned
that Meredith left his home on the after
noon of the murder with the Intention of
visiting his. room in the police station and
transferring his personal possessions to
his home. He had packed up the articles
belonging td*hlm, among which was the
short gun with which he fired at Consl
dine. About five minutes before the shoot
ing occurred Meredith was seen by De
tective Philbrlck at: the corner of Yesler
way and Second avenue. The ex-Chief
had his arms full of packages at this
time. •
It has developed that . the ; Consldlne
brothers were walking about in the neigh
borhood of the drug store for some time
before the shooting and appeared to be
looking for some one. The latest develop
ments point to the supposition that the
Considlnea found Meredith- on his way
home and provoked him to the. shooting.
New Evidence Makes It Appear That
ex-Chief Meredith Did Not
CONSIDINES MAY HAVE
STAB.TEI> THE COMBAT
DEATH COMES SWIFTLY
TO GEORGE A. NOURSE
Son of the Fresno Lawyer
Finds Him Lifeless in
His Office.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, June 28. — George A. Nourse,
one of the oldest members of the Fres
no bar, was found dead in his office as '3
o'clock .' this afternoon.. The discovery
was made by his son, John C. Nourse,
who had been sent for early in the after
noon by his father to transact some busi
ness. The body was lying on a cot, where
Mr. Nourse evidently had been resting.
At the Coroner's Inquest this evening it
was decided that death was due to heart
failure.
Mr. Nourse was a native of Maine and
was 77 years of age. He was a son of Dr.
Amos Nourse, who succeeded' Hannibal
Hamlin in the United States' Senate in
1857. Mr. Nourse graduated from" the Har
vard Law School and commenced prac
ticing in St. Anthony, Minnesota. •, He
held several offices there and was Repub
lican candidate for Attorney General of
the State in 1857. He practiced law in San
Francisco for sixteen- years, gaining a
reputation as an able land lawyer. In
1884 he moved to Fresno and engaged in
the practice of his; profession. . He was
an unsuccessful 'candidate for Superior
Judge In 1886, running on the Republican
ticket. Since the campaign of 1896 he has
been a Democrat. Mr. Nourse leave a
Wife and three children. 1
Fred A. v Wickersham's Will.
SANTA ROSA, June 28.— The will of the
late Fred A. Wickevsham, the Petaluma
capitalist, was filed here for 'probate this
morning. It is a short and businesslike
document and bequeaths the entire estate
to the widow, Mrs. Mary C Wickersham
to be hers as long as she remains a wid
ow.. In the event of her marrying again
half the property is to go to the two chil
dren. The estate is valued at about $300,
000. ¦'-:.
Caught in Seine'and Drowned.
GUTHRIB. O: T., June 28.— Charles Gar
rison waa drowned in the Washlta River
this afternoon while setting a seine. t He
stepped into a dole hole, becoming en
tangled In "the- net and drowned before
help could reach him. He had been mar
ried but two weeks.
Chairman of the House Rivers and
; _ Harbors Committee . Gives
'•v.-'j His Views, •
, SACRAMENTO, June 28.— Before his de
parture for Oregon . last night ! Chairman
Burton of the . Congressional j Committeo
on Rivers S and . Harbors gave to the Be©
correspondent at Marysville his views: re
specting the projected restraining dams
at Deguerra Point in the following lan
guage: ¦ . ¦ ¦;. \ :'.; ... . ¦' - ', .
'¦ The, project for Impounding: the debris of the*
Tuba River is one which presents a great deal
of uncertainty. .:, There Is a question whether
If the dams are constructed the discharge of
elickens and.eand Into the Feather; and Sacra
mento .' rivers , would be prevented for. . a long
period of ten. years,- although, perhaps, the plan
proposed .by. the engineer would ~ prove .effec
tive for a considerably* longer- period. ';
As I stated yesterday, this is one of the most
perplexing questions before the committee. We
have a "great deal "of new light on the subject,
as the result of to-day's' visit to the site. We
cannot help being; Influenced by the • fact that
the State has considered this ¦ undertaking of
such importance that the Legislature- has pro
vided that, the State ehall pay one-half the
expense of the improvement. , ,-•-: ; -
' If -hydraulic mining should continue I do no I'
see; that iany device could ; be adopted '. whJclr
would prevent \ the deposit * of debris Into ¦ ¦ the
Feather; and Its transmittal to \ the Sacramento
River.' . The : problem is how to deal ; with' the
Immense mass of • debris : already deposited ¦ In
the Yuba, part of which goes down with 1 every
freshet.-; - - • ¦ -.--..- . - ,
• . . •: ¦.;,;¦; ¦ \ v i ¦'. 1 V ; ;:•.- . .- ¦ . ;¦;¦.'
PONGRESSMAN BTJUTON '
ON BESTRAINING DAMS
in Three States. r •
WASHINGTON. June 28.— The Postof
flce Department to-day issued the follow
ing: Postoffice established: Washington
—Valentine, Garfleld County, Alfonso S.
Vallen Postmaster. Postmaster commis
sioned: Oregon— Sarah Shearer, Garibaldi.
Postmasters appointed: Calif ornia—M. J.
Casey, lomosa, San "Bernardino County,
vice- -William. Johns, resigned. Oregon—
F. C. Getty, Empire, Coos County, vice
C. M. Byler, resigned. Washington— C.' S.
Booth, Washtucna, Adams County, vice
T. C. Martin, removed.
These pensions were issued to-day:
California: Original— James Griffin, San
Francisco, $8; James Carlyle, Los An
geles, $8; William H. Brown, Arcata, $10;
Henry, S. Boos, Pomona, $6; Sam Hughes,
Dutch Flat, ?6; Aquila W. Hanna, Eureka,
$6; Michael Enright, Martinez, |10; George
W. Qlmstead, Vallejo, $6. Additional—
Leman E>. Reynolds, Santa Ana, $8. Re
newal—Patrick Conlin, Colusa, $6. In
crease — Archibald G. Taylor, Latrobe, $12;
Hugh Bates, Cornwall, $12; Lowell C.
White, San ¦ Francisco, $8; Charles M.
Price, San; Francisco, $8; Lee Moy, Val
lejo,. $17; Henry H. Hull, Stockton, $8;
George Heifer, San Francisco, $8; William
Raver,' Soldiers'. Home, Los Angeles, $10.
Original . widow— Sarah Fifleld, . Los An
geles, $8. ¦ . ¦
Oregon; Additional— Charles ; White,
Willows, $8/ Increase— John W. -Mikel,
Lakeview, $8; Frank L. Pounds, Aums
vllle, $10; Francis H. King, State Soldiers'
Home, Roseburg, $8; Jean F. Laurent,
Vinton, $10. Original widow— Minor ' of
Francis M. Ledman, Portland, $10. War
with Spain widow— Helen S. G. Anderson,
mother, Portland, $12. ¦ '
Washington: Renewal— George H. Ba
ker; Tenlno, ; $6. Increase— James Brldley,
Ortlng, $10; George M. Kuhn, Tacoma, $8;
Herman /Culver, Port Angeles, $10. War
with Spain, original— William H. Tucker,
Goran, $6.
"¦ : -.¦¦¦.- : ¦•• -. • — '¦-.
Changes Made by the Postofflce De
partment and Pensions Issued
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
s ON THE PACIFIC COAST
OOTJBT DECIDES AGAINST
ULRS. TTFIJSN M. PEYTON
Millionaire's First Wife Loses Her
Suit for Half of His
Estate.
SPOKANE, June 2S.— The sensational
suit of Mrs. Helen XL Peyton against
Colonel Isaac X. Peyton, the wealthy
mining man of Spokane, ended this morn
ing in a decision by Judge Richardson
finding for the defendant on all points.
The plaintiff, who was the first wife of
Colonel Peyton, sued for $500,000. or half
his property, claiming the divorce he ob
tained in 1SS6 was not legal and asking
that it be set aside, thus invalidating his
second marriage. The court held the di
vorce had been voidable at one time, but
the plaintiff had forfeited all rights by
years of delay. The plaintiff will appeal
to the Supreme Court of the State.
Burglars Make Light Haul.
LOOMIS. June 28.— Burglars effected an
entrance to the Southern Pacific depot
here at an early hour this morning and
opened the safe and made away with 14
in coin. The combination of the safe has
been broken for several months, so only
a little loose change was entrusted to It.
OAKDALB, June 28.— Throughout the
entire day, with the thermometer regis
erlng 108 degrees in the shade, every
available man in" this vicinity has fought
one of the most disastrous grain fires that
has ever swept Stanislaus County. To
night, the conflagration having burned
itself out, there Is a chance to estimate
the loss, and the figures represent the sea
son's earnings o* many a rancher. A strip
of grain fields ten miles long and a mile
wide has been swept clean of its. crops,
a farmhouse and barn He in ashes and
countless trees in the path of the flames
will soon wither and .decay.
The fire started on what Is (known as the
Crooke ranch, three miles east oT Cometa,
just across the line in San Joaquin Coun
ty, and burned in a southeasterly direc
tion, not stopping until the Stanislaus
River checked its course. The Crooke
acres are owned by the German Building
and Loan Society of San Francisco. From
there it spread to the Huffey land, the
property of the San Francisco Savings
Union. The ranch owned by Dr, Langdon
was next swept over and on the Robison
ranch 1000 acres of grain was destroyed.
Fror he Threllfell -ranch, where the
farm.— use and barn were burned, the con
flagration divided into two columns, one
going In. a southeasterly and the other in
a southwesterly direction — one denuding
everything in its path until it reached the
Stanislaus, and the other burning its way
through to the county line.
A conservative estimate places the loss
at $50,000, but it may greatly exceed those
figures. Most of the grain was insured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
the Vicinity "of
Oakdale.
Heavy Loss by 1 Fire > fm
FLAMES SWEEP
THROUGH FIELDS
directed as strongly as possible In favor
of his aDDointee. . • . •• ;
The ousted Commissioner is a Demo
crat and a great friend of ex-Governor
Budd. The fact that Shortridge is of the
same party as Gage and that he might
be of some political use is doubtless, the
cause of McCabe's removal. The law ap
parently states that the appointment is
for a period of four years, but there Is un
doubtedly some good ground on which the
action can be defended. Shortridge has
recently been admitted to the bar and his
legal knowledge probably will be practi
cally tested.
McCabe is very angry and the prospect
of losing the nice job on which he had
builded his hopes for the next two years
cannot but result In sincere disappoint
ment. He declares that he Is firm in his
position; that the appointment of Short
ridge is illegal, and that the office will not
be turned over without a legal battle. Ex-
Goyernor Budd sustains him In his claims
and promises that his own efforts shall be
Governor Gage has within a week or
two appointed D. W. Field of Los Angeles
to succeed Commissioner Gould on the
same board, and it was not generally be
lieved that there would be another ap
pointment until 1903. The plum is a very
desirable one, as it carries considerable
honor and involves but little labor aside
from the collection of $2500 salary an
nually.
SACRAMENTO, June 28.— Governor
.Gage has appointed State Senator
Charles M. x Shortridge to the
Building and Loan Commission, to
succeed E. D. McCabe of Los An
geles. As McCabe was appointed to the
position for a period of four years by ex-
Governor Budd in 1898, the new appoint
ment comes somewhat In the nature of a
surprise. McCabe says that he will not
vacate office until the expiration *of his
term, and ex-Governor Budd has prom
ised to make' the fight for him. Mean
while Shortridge holds'" the appointment
and interesting developments are in order.
"Rather than have trouble Busby low
ered his colors. The matter has been re
ferred to Washington."
' "Some inquiry has been made as to how
the Canada customs .comes to have ; an
office In this city. Mr. Busby - bears
the title of 'supervising officer.' By an
agreement between the American and the
Canadian governments,' the office is main
tained for the purpose of facilitating
travel. -On Monday morning following the
Miller incident Busby ran up his flag
again. He was told to either put the stars
and stripes above or It would come down.
'""With 7 the fiasco of the 'modus Vivendi
in the Porcupine . district v; fresh :In F the
mlrfda^of • thp Skaguayans," together ,with
theranything but 'cheerful news that the
joint kJiigh? commission -would; resume 1" its
jsjtting, itcannot be wondered 'that ah ..in
ternational complication' has arisen' in a
city whose patriotism has been tested
time and again by the lazy indifference
of their own Government as against the
aggressive activity, of the British. " With
'feeling .as- It Is, the action- of the Cana
dlpns-^-was-little less than an invitation
for trouble-a chip on the shoulder. .
"On this strip of land which the United
States has occupied undisputed since the
days of the transfer in 1867, the Canadian
officials have gradually encroached, un
restrained by the American Government.
By lea^s and bounds the Canadian cus
tom-house - had advanced toward tide
water—from Tagish to. Bennett, then to
Log Cabin 'and lastly to the Summit, and
when the. customs ensign of Canada was
hoisted at Skagruav it is small'" wonder
that some John^Brown would not. wait for
the tardy action from Washington,: but
cut down the flag. , . •¦ > >
: ¦:.;:; Feeling at High. Pitch:. .
_. .Colonel i-JBusby was angered, and- it did
not take him long-'to go to the defense of
the flag of his country- ."When he; reached
Miller the latter calmly drew a-card from
his pocket, and, handing it to. the aston
ished official, turned ion his heel and
walked . away. - On", the card was:
"George Miller, attorney at law, Eugene,
Oregon." -.¦•.." '¦¦¦¦¦¦
When reauested for' a statement as to
the reason of his action, Mr. Miller said:
."I cut down the British flag on my own
authority/ by virtue of rights resting in
every American citizen." That was all
he would say.. . \ '
The incident caused great excitement at
Skaguay. Public sentiment 'seems to
favor the offender. The Skaguay -News
further explains, the incident as follows:
¦ ;i Special Dispatch; to The Call.
' SEATTLE, June 28.-^InternatIohal com
plications may ¦ follow?an episode that oc
curred at'Skaguay on- June 22. The en
sign of 'the 'Canadian 'customs office was
cut down^ by".kn?Amarican citizen, rolled
into. a. ball and afterward thrown into the
grime and; ','dlrt" ¦ of ,'Tai: nearbv; building.
George Miller,' an' attorney'vwhose home is
in -Eugene, Oregon* enraged at the sight
of the. British flag flying on American ter
ritory* .without the stars arid stripes float
ing above, it; took "the" British colors and,
figuratively;' "spat" upon them.
In the .'face of. much. determined opposi
tion .Colonel Busby, :• in. charge of the
Canadian customs office at Skaguay, had
raised the British flag, without the Ameri
can .colors; flying : above it. Mr. Miller,
who. is'a' brother of Joaauln Miller, the
California'-poet.^'and, ,who'- was visiting
friends an. Skaguay, walked up to the flag
staff,'drew but his pocket-knife, ran down
the flag,. cut the- halyards and trailed the
offending flag In the •¦dirt". •'• The affair was
witnessed ; by. several hundred persons,
.who had, gathered. . . .;.../ ¦•• .:.-, ¦..'. , >-,,
?•-¦••¦ • Gives the Briton His Card. 7
¦ , ¦• -¦; y .- , r-~ •; -
American in : Skaguay
Resents; a Foreigner's
/; V -Effrontery.
Objects to English Flag Ply
; ¦ ing Without Old: Glory ;
¦';¦% .};-. •'¦¦¦ Above It.' '."¦.
Action of a Brother of Joaquin. Miller
: ; May Cause International
;. .\ Complications. ,.
CUTS DOWN
THE COLORS
OF BRITAIN
Mrs. Ida Lewis, who was in command of
the camp to-day, found on inspection that
Colonel D. H. Bryant and Adjutant
Brlgrgs were abrent from their posts, and
she charges that willfully ana with lazy
intent they deserted their command for
nearly an entire day without cause and
without lawful notice.
The tables arc to be turned to-morrow,
end the officer of the day and guards are
all tc be ladies. Captain Mallory is to be
In charge of the camp.
General Ewers, U. S. A., of Omaha, who
was in the Cuban campaign, was a visitor
In camp to-day "and Is to deliver an ad
dress on Monday evening. He has been in
the service thirty-nine years.
Captain Mallory presided at the exer
cises to-night, Oratory ran riot. There
were stirring addresses by Wesley Den
nett. D. D.. of Evergreen. D. C. Crummy
of Los Gatos and the Rev. E- D. Mc-
Creary. pastor of tho local Methodist
church. Other numbers on the programme
were: Recitation, O. V. Hart: piano solo,
Professor Clapp; recitation;- H. H. Nich
ols; recitation, M. B. Woodruff; male
quartet; vocal poIo. J. J. Nichols; piano
boIo. Miss Gertrude Winan*; reminis
cences, by Adjutant Moore Briggs and
Mr. Mahoney.
The court-martial was not held this aft
crnon, but all the women in camp attend
ed the meeting of the local corps of the
Woman's Relief Corps aijd were royally
received. They did not take kindly to the
appointment of Captain Schuler as judge
advocate of the court-martial when his
wife was to be tried, and they . charge
Commander Bryant with a breach of mili
tary discipline and ask that he be tried
for having placed an inferior officer in a
humiliating position. Commander Bryant
had appointed Captain Schuler to judge
his own wife. They also ask that the trial
be heard by • Superior Judge Smith, as
there is no power in Camp Wallace Rey
nolds to try Colonel Bryant. The charges
were preferred by Geraldine Frisbie of
Evergreen and Laura J. Robinson and
Mary J. Parohni of San Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ, June 28.— There .was a
large Influx of delegates at Camp Wallace
Reynolds to-day, and to-morrow a large
delegation will arrive from San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Ladies Ask That Commander
Bryant Be Tried by
Court-MartiaL
Youth Returns to Vet
erans Tenting at
Santa Cruz.
FUN RUNS RIOT
IN THEIR CAMP
THE SySCN FRANCISCp CALL; SATURDAY, JUNE 29, 1901.
Gage Appoints Senator Shortridge to the State
Building and Loan Commission/ ,. •
GOVERNOR OUSTS McCABE;
LEGAL FIGHT TO FOLLOW
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.METERS&CO,
Specialists. Disease
and weakness of
men. Estahlls h e d
1SS1. Consultation
and private book
free, at office or by
mall. Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket street (eleva-
tor entrance). San
Francisco.
Office 1OO4. Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Avo,
ON THE FOURTH
You'll want your linen in the best possibla
shape. Compare our work with that of
any other laundry and judge for yourself
If we don't put it In that condition. By
careful handling we make your linen lone
lived . We put a smooth velvet edge on all
collars; we wash everything that's wash-
able.
"I had no appetite and was fast falling
away and getting weak. I began taking
Hood's Sarsaparilla. It gave me a good
appetite, so I can eat almost anything
placed before me, and I am gaining
strength and flesh. I heartily recommend
Hood's Sarsaparilla to the weak and suf-
fering." Noel Whipkey. Higbee, Pa.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Restores appetite — gives permanent
digestive strength and vigor.
. The stomach and other digestive or-
gans need attention— they must be
strengthened and toned.
It is a symptom of functional weak-
ness which will manifest itself more
seriously if neglected— in a generally
run-down or debilitated condition of
the system.
Loss of Appetite
Becomes more common as the weathe-
becomes warmer.
ST^TEiMiEISrT
— of the: —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
National Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
(\F HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
rT ?o e £ tlCUt -. S n the 31st d& y of December A
?,• a t nd ' or T the ending on that day
%tJ?L % % V?? Insura nc« Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provis-
ions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
commissioner. «
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up' In
Cash •¦¦• • $1,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $331 7gi 94
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 7081815 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company.... 3 17=; 1R1 nn
Cash in Company's Office.... " '^"Hl ™
Cash in Banks 2S6 S94 1?
Premiums in due Course of Collect - OO>O! '* la
tlon •••••¦• 488.97136
Total Assets .....-..$4,992,692 3S.
~llZi. —
Losses adjusted and unoald $84 755 gn
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense # _ # j 3 j n g?
Losses resisted. Including expenses!] 22'737 79
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,833,464 23-
reinsurance 50 per cent 946 732 12
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
? ln 5 more than one year. $2,119,-
681 99; reinsurance pro rata.. . 1 018 fi«7 fu
aii other liabilities..:.. ..r._:::::::: iSw
Total Liabilities : $2,458,812 67
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ' S'riim 11
Received for Interest on Bonds 'and
Mortgages 41 9ei fli
Received for intere?t and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 140 im es
Received for Rents 302s m
Received from all other sources.... 2,'781 75
Total Income ....$2,932,478 8)
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses' ; ¦
(Including $184,196 45, losses of
previous years) «i r.04 eo, q>
Dividends to Stockholders 120000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .¦ . 467 qm v\
Paid for Salaries, Fee«, % and other '
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 183 241 Sfi
Paid for State. National and Local xw>>i " n
taxes : 94 64163
All other payments and expendi- ' '
tures 355.248 17
Total Expenditures ....$2,745,819 89
Losses Incurred d.urlng the year $1,561,517 06
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ~~ "
written during the • ..
yf ar $380,426,541 $3,691,385 98
Net amount of Risks \ S*^i-*tj*
expired during the • • ~ * ; a
N^ ar amount-ln"foVc; m >***- m >«**• »
December 81. 1900 .... 401, 467, 507 j j 4, 013, 046 22
JAMES NICHOLS. President: ;
' • , FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary Publlo.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Springfield
Fire end Marine Insurance Company
OF EPRIXGFIELD. IN THE STATE OF
Massachusetts, en the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1300, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and €11 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
. CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash .$1,500,000 00
ASSETS. "
R««al Estate owned by Company $123,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages...,,. 616,800 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,723,694 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledg-e
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities es collateral 40,325 00
Cash in Company's Office 13,179 70
Cash in Banks 198,562 63
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 31,143 36
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 16,612 77
Premiums in due Course of Collec- .
tion 331.5(52 5»
Rents due and accrued 664 17
I5ue from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 1,939 19
• Total Assets t5.159.623 47
." ¦ LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $63,667 72
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 108.3S8 09
Losses resisted, including expenses... 20,330 94
Gross premiums on Fire Rit»ks run-
ning: one year or less. $1,378,539 58;
reinsurance 50 per cent 6S4.269 79
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,732,-
702 05; reinsurance pro rata 8S5,503 00
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due '. 78,300 52
Total Liabilities :.... $1,840,480 06
INCOME.
Vet cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,942,220 33
Received for Interest en Bonds and
Mortgages 32,284 81
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources... 1E0.1K2 70
Received for Rents 4,653 85
Total Income $2,129,421 21
EXPENDITURES. — —
Xet amount naid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $169,717 17, losses of pre-
vious years) $l,-142.707 20
Dividends to Stockholders 150,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 334,910 29
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 110,745 57
Paid for State. National and Local
Tares 92,282 18
All other payments and expenditures 213,817 61
Total Expenditures $2,064,462 73
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $1,162,469 84
Risks end Premiums. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year V"»V," * 23 «. 9 «.«<» U. 543, 613 63
JCet amount of Risk*
expired during the
year 202,870,909 2,158 993 00
Net amount In force
December 21, 1900 307,528,667 8.111,241 63
A. W. DAMON. Proetdent.
W. J. MACKAT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January. 1901.
% P. a BAILEY. Notary Public.
Does 1 €%°/ Interest Gp
ILj&ri/a You e
That is the saving in ice by using the
Its construction has r.ev.r been equaled— the ALASKA will keep prov'slons
longer and; USE LESS ICE than ary otier refrfgerator. :
•-•:-¦*'• .'.¦¦'. '¦¦•'¦¦''::¦¦ ¦¦¦ "¦¦;¦¦• :- : ' ¦ ; " : : « ' •;¦' -' ¦"'.¦.; •' .^V #^
Sales Agents for PociliC; Coast, Son Francisco.
¦¦ ¦''•'• '/ ¦' • ¦ ¦¦ -- ¦¦¦ :--¦:¦• •'¦TjWSftfWBHWfMMWjiWJJIIJEBmiMtS '",
City A£encj , 209 Sansome Street, San Francisco,
H.C. AHPEL & CO., Agents.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
S. E. Corner Gush and Sansome Sts ,
S/\N FRANCISCO, dAL.
GEO. D. DORNIN, . CEO. W. DORNIN,
Manager. Ass't ManaRer.
<3B% CH!CHE«TER*S ENGLISH
Pennyrpyal pjils
H «-4S"?V . . w w>S*»»l aad ©«fcr CejtuUe. r -.
f*-/"/ J 5L*T\9A7E. *l'»iy» reliant*. Lodioc. •« Drareitt
I / W **•¦•• B V •' 7»" Dn«tat. or Mad 4«. la
— N^— "A -Jt*™ 5 ** 1 *- l*.t«OTMtBniili. ¦•14 b*
vjij u^*5>.'.^'Sb"^ | J«*
ea a H Ss Kv*a rafl en n TolJ!six miles from there by a destructive hail
storm. ¦' ' . • . " .
¦A tornado Is also - reported to > have
caused; much loss about Starr Prairie,
some distance. to the north of New Rich
mond.' Hector reports all crops destroyed
/ ST. PAUL, Minn., June 28.— Heavy
storms are reported all over this section
this afternoon and the property loss will
run Into the thousands, while a number of
persons have been injured and many head
of live stock killed. . v
1 The worst storm, was that which passed
through the district south . of New Rich
mond, ;Wis. It was j a tornado and a did
much damage to farm property, although
no lives were lost. On a smaller scale it
resembled the tornado ; which swept 1 over
and destroyed the greater portion of New
Richmond two years ago. Over a dozen
farmers have already reported the loss of
a part or all of their buildings, windmills,
livestock, machinery, etc., and the loss
here will be very heavy. In some cases
the buildings were crushed down and in
others swept' away by the:, wind, while
flood damage was elsewhere reported. A
rainfall of nearly four Inches Is reported
there. . ' :-v- v '-;
STORM WRECKS
FARMHOUSES
to-rip^a HE ladies and gentlemen of the
1 Alabama Press Association will
I leave for the South this morning,
H bearing with them most delightful
impressions of San Francisco. The
special train of the party will leave the
Southern Pacific depot at j Third and
Townsend streets at 6:50 a. m. The itiner
ary provides for stops en route to Los
Angeles at Palo Alto, San Jose, Del
Monte, Paso Robles, San Luis Obispo and
Santa Barbara. The special is due to ar
rive In Los Angeles at 11:30 o'clock to
night.
Yesterday was a day of sightseeing,
which the members of the guild from the
Sunny South will long remember. They
visited Golden Gate Park and the ocean
between the hours of 10 and 2 p. m.. After
a lunch at the Cliff House the party re
turned to the city as they went to the
ocean, on special cars of the Market
street electric system.
Early yesterday morning James O.
Rountree, secretary of the association,
was advised that The Call's efforts to ar
range for the reception of the party
aboard the famous battleship Oregon
were successful. The intelligence was re
ceived by the Alabamans with delight,
and on every hand The Call was praised
for Its enterprise and kindness. The
knowledge that the members would , be
expected aboard the ship at 4 p. m. gave
additional enjoyment to the forenoon's
outing, in the park.
At 2 o'clock the ladies and gentlemen of
the Alabama party were courteously re
ceived by the San Francisco Club, occu
pying the sixteenth and seventeenth floors
of the Clans Spreckels building, and were
enchanted by the fine panorama of San
Francisco as viewed from the windows of
the club. ¦
In order to safely and speedily convey
the members of the association to the
Oregon The Call engaged an ample num
ber of commodious launches and gave
special directions against overcrowding.
The programme as devised was carried
out to the letter. The guests were aboard
the historic ship at the time appointed,
and never did visitors derive greater en
joyment than that accorded the Ala
bamans who inspected the Oregon. Lieu
tenant N. R. Lee received the visltors.-
Every one of the party -was introduced
by Mr. Rountree. The officers and sailors
of the battleship were attentive and
courteous, replying kindly to all requests
for information. So highly pleased were
the Alabamans that the visit was pro
longed. -^
Before the time fixed for going ashore
Mr. • Rountree assembled the members of
the association aft and asked Major G.
A. Joiner of Talladega to make a few re
marks. The major responded, thanking
the officers of the ship for their courtesy.
He spoke of the loyalty of the whole
country to the flag and the" pride which
the people of Alabama felt in the
achievement of the Oregon. He compli
mented The Call for the enterprise', and
courtesy In making It possible for the
party to see the ship under such favor
able auspices.
Lieutenant Commander Bostwiek re
sponded on behalf of 'the officers and
crew of the Oregon to the sentiments of
patriotism expressed. He was delighted
to >be assured that the people of all the
States were proud cf the Oregon. , .
Jrdgc S. L. Fuller of Cullman, Ala.,
then nerformed the pleasant duty of pre
senting to Mr. Rountree a diamond pin.
The gift, from the Alabama Press Asso
ciation, was . designed to express In some
degree the appreciation of Mr. Roun
tree's efforts to render the outing agree
able to all his fellow travelers.
Mr. Rountree, in accepting the gift, re
marked that the greatest pleasure that he
had derived in the journey was the as
surances that he had contributed to the
comfort and happiness of his compan
ions on the trip. s
The visitors came ashore at 6 o'clock.
juast evening the editors spent the hours
among the strange sights ¦ and stranger
Many other people were hurt, but their'
injuries . were ¦ slight.
. The accident occurred at the corner of
Twenty-fourth and Bryant streets. The
motorman of .the Twenty-fourth-street
car attempted to take his car across Bry
ant street, when , it • was struck by the
Bryant-street car, .thrown off .the track
a'nd completely wrecked. The Bryant
street car was but slightly injured.
The ;puEsengers on the : Twenty-fourth
street car were tossed about and bruised,
many of 'them being cut by- broken glass.
Miss Oetl suffered greatly from shock and
was hysterical when- taken to ; the ¦ hospi
tal. Mrs. . Adams : had her. left ankle
sprained : and her face and hands cut. :.
HBlHEr:'' '. -' ' '¦- ¦ -3SSBI - • --¦'
Miss, Bertha Oetl. 25 years of age, re
siding at 930 Bush street, and Mrs. Sophie
Adams, who lives at 265^ Harriet street,
were severely injured last night about 11
o'clock I In a collision between a Bryant-
Street electric car and a car of the Twen
ty-fourth-street line. Both women were
taken ..to the City and County . Hospital,
where- their injuries, which ._ consisted . of
bruises .and severe contusions, were
dressed. . •' . • ,' ' ¦
WOMEN INJURED
IN COLLISION
SAN JOSE, June 28.— The /Alabama
Press Association, . which arrives here to
morrow morning, will be taken for a drive
through the valley and given, a lunch.
They will be the guests of the Improve
ment Club. A ; stop will be made at the
Santa Clara Fruit Exchange and the pro
cess of marketing Santa Clara County
prunes . explained. The- drive will be out
through the orchards to Campbell and re
turn by way of Santa Clara.
It was an Interesting experience for
them all, and will be remembered as one
of the features of the trip .across the con
tinent—that bit of Asia, lying right In the
heart of a city that In all else is so truly
American. ¦ . _' ¦ •
Will See Prune Orchards.
. It was in the shops that most' of the
time was spent, for In them the visitors
found the best evidences of the peculiari
ties of- the race that was so new to them.
The usual places were visited, the
opium joints; the josshouses, where the
visitors burned .punks .to their ancestors
and coveted the tapestries and antique
brass jars and ornaments; the theaters,
where blood-curdling Chinese drama was
running at high pressure; the restaurants,
where some of the bolder ones tried a few
Chinese dainties that looked less deadly
than others; the dark alleys, whoe- rec
ords are written in blood; the merchants'
clubs, the highbinder meeting places, the
gambling dens, the slave quarters and the
shops.
One hundred or more, under the guid
ance of policemen,- detectives and China
town guides, strolled through the streets
and places of interest for two hours and
a half. ; The. party split up Into small
squads, each one with a guide, and In
that way the district- was "done" thor
oughly and without loss of time.
"""-- ¦ / '
smells of Chinatown. To them China
town,was a place absolutely new and un
expected, and In every shop and every
hole and corner they found something to
wonder at.
SOME EVENTS OF THE DAY'S "SIGHTSEEING OF THE ALABAMA EDITORS, WHOSE TIME WAS FULLY TAK
¦ EN UP IN VISITING THE OREGON, INSPECTING THE CLIFF HOUSE, TRAVELING THROUGH CHINA
TOWN AND SEEKING OTHER POINTS OF INTEREST.
"Then what occurred."
"I asked the doctor not to go upstairs,
but he replied. 'Oh. he will never shoot.* "
* Miss Adams was dismissed from the
stand to be followed by Frank E. Arm
strong, who explained that, at request of
his brother John, he had got the pistol
from his brother's residence, where it had
been taken, and turned it over to the
Town Marshal. :>r
Attorney Church made a motion for
Adams' discharge, claiming that the evi
dence showed his client had acted In self
defense. He argued that the law permit
ted a man to repel an assault that was
about to be made upon him, and that In
the present case the act was to be com
mitted in Adams* house and In his own
sleeping apartment.
"The law gave him the right to defend
his home and himself," said Church. . "If
the ' appearances were such as to Justify
Adams in the thought that he was to have
bodily injury inflicted upon him, the law
of this State allows him to take the life
of his assailant. The testimony of Miss
Adams, the principal witness In this case,
shows that Jessup took his coat off and
rushed toward the room."
District Attorney Allen combated that
view declaring that the testimony showed
that Dr. Jessup had stood in the doorway
of Adams' bedroom, without making a
demonstration, and that Adams' shot was
wanton and unprovoked.
In his decision. Justice Edgar said: "I
do not believe for a moment that the de
fendant could be held on a charge of mur
der. The only question Is, whether he
should be held for manslaughter or
whether he should be discharged, the
shooting being deemed a justifiable homi
cide. The motion to dismiss i3 denied.
The matter should go before a jury. If
the defendant, as a reasonable man, be
lieved he was in danger of his life, or In
i danger of great bodily harm, I would see
i another aspect to this case; but I hardly
! think the defendant was in such dan-
I ger."
Then came a mild cross-examination.
"What did your father say when you got
in the house T* asked Attorney Church.
" 'Who is there?' "
"And \ what did Dr. Jessup reply?"
" 'It is I, Charlie. You've got to stop
abusing this girl.' "
"Describe the tone of voice.
"It was rather commanding, sharp and
clear." . -K.'' : ¦
"And your father's voice?
"Was thick, but sharp."
Dr. Jessup Braved Adams.
brushed my hands away and rushed to
the head of the stairs, pulling off his coat
and hanging it on the newel post. Then
he stepped to the bedroom door and said.
'Shoot, If you wish to.*
"I saw father lying across the bed. He
raised himself and fired a shot. Dr. Jes- (
sup staggered and then -went Into the
room and pounded father with the pistol
or his fists. I couldn't see which.
"I assisted the doctor downstairs as he
staggered out of the room, and helped
him out on the porch. Then I ran down
the steps, screaming."
"Do you think you could recognize the
pistol?" inquired District Attorney Allen,
showing Miss Adams the hammerless
weapon that Kerns had turned over to the
court. >'* v. ¦--
"It is either that one or a pistol very
like it," replied Miss Adams.
stroyed the shaft house and mine of the
Crescent Cor>per Company in the Grand
E-.carnpment district to-day. John Rooker
of Loveland. Colo., and Frank Coombs of
Laramie, Wyo.. were burned to death.
None of the particulars of the accident
have been received, but it Is believed the
victims were at work in the shaft and
•orerp roasted alive while attempting to
reach the surface.
Burn ed to Death, in Mine.
"TrRYFNNE. Wvo.. June 28.— Fire de-
blow in a ruling handed down by Judga
John W. Henry of the Circuit Court.
Judfre Henry decided that the Board of
Police Commissioners has no right to re
voke a sal'xm licerue unless it is shotn
that the jiiace is a disorderly house within
the meaning- of the law.
"The Feliing of one, two or a dozen,
drinks of whisky on Sunday," says Judge
Kenry, "'docs not necessarily mean that
a nw'n is running- a disorderly house, al
¦thoujrh it is a gross violation of the law.
Tte court has no mandamus power to re
view ihe acts cf the Board of Police Com
missioners."
The point of issue was to compel the
Police Commissioners to revoke the
license of the saloon-keepers who had
been convicted in the Police Court for
selling on Sunday aca'.nst the orders of
the Mayor and the board.
Circuit Court Judge Settles an Inter
esting Question Affecting Kan
sas City Liquor Men.
KANSAS CITY. June 28.— Sunday clos
ing advocates to-day received a knockout
SALOONS MAY BE OPEN
IT NOT DISORDERLY
PARIS, June 28.— The Premier," M. Wal
deck-Rousseau, has carried the most im
portant project of his Ministry — the law of
associations bill, which now only awaits
the signature of President Loubet to be
come a law. . *
The Chamber of Deputies to-night in a
single session definitely adopted the bill
as amended by the Senate by 313 to 249.
Several attempts were made by the oppo
sition and Socialists to amend the bill,
but the Chamber in every case supported
the Ministry. The Abbe Gayraud (Catho
lic) said the law would remain a stigma
of shame and opprobrium on the Govern
ment. The abbe was called to order.
Count Albert de Mun (Seine-et-Marne) de
clared the bill to be the beginning of a
war against Catholicism.
M." Ribot (Pas de Calais) said he; would
not support "the bill because it was in
spired by a policy of hatred. M. Waldeck-
Rousseau. replying, said the law would be
applied vigorously, but not in a spirit of
persecution.
The vote on the bill was greeted by pro
longed Leftist applause and shouts of
"Vive la republique!" and "Vive Wal
deck-Rousseau!" ••
Favor Electrification by Yerkes.
LONDON, June 28.— The Parliamentary
committee having the matter * in charge
was again occupied to-day with the ques
tion of the electrification of the under
ground railroads. The committee approved
the legislation proposed to enable Charles
T. Yerkes to electrify, the 'roads, subject
to the decision of the arbitrator and-two
engineers appointed by the respective
roads in regard to the system to be in
stalled.
Mrs. McKinley Goes Driving.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— Mrs. McKin
ley continues to improve. She took her
usual drive this afternoon with the Presi
dent. Dr. Rlxey did not accompany them.
Waldeck-Rousseau Succeeds -in Hav
ing the Law of Associations
/"'; Bill Passed.
PREMIER OF FRANCE
ACHIEVES A VICTORY
Elkins said: "We have done no busi
ness here. We have had a most pleasant
stay. There is really nothing to say."
Others of the American party made sim
ilar statements and. judging from the
manner in which business topics were ta
booed, the millionaire travelers might have
been a lot of undergraduates off on a pic
nic.
Among the other passengers on board
the Deutschland are Mr. and Mrs. W. K.
Vanderbilt, Shekih Bey, new Turkish Min
ister to the United States; Mr. and Mrs.
Jchn Boyd Thatcher of Albany, N. Y.,
Mr. ar.d Mrs. CM. Spreckels and Dr.
James H. Worman, United States Consul
at Munich. < '
Men of Great Wealth Board the
Deutschland and Say It Was '
Coincidence.
LONDON, June 28.— J. Pierpont Morgan.
W. L. Elkins, P. A. B. Widener and C. A.
Griscom and other wealthy Americans,
who are to sail for the United States to
day, chartered a special train ' to take
them this morning from London to South
ampton, where they boarded the Ham
burg-American steamship Deutschland.
Griscom said to a correspondent: "It
is Quite by accident that we 'are all to
gether. -We are not connected with great
shipping deals or deals of any kind. We
aTe all looking' forward to an enjoyable
MILLIONAIRES CROWD
AN ATLANTIC LINER
Rebels Burning Villag-es.
LONDON, June 23.— a dispatch from
Chefu reports the entire province of
Shengking In revolt. The rebels are said
to be overrunning the country, pillaging
and burning. It is asserted that in the
vicinity of Mukden all the villages are be
ing burned and that hundreds of inhabi
tants have been killed. The dispatch says
the Russian forces are not sufficient to
maintain order. *
Lightning Kills Four Men.
BRAZIL., Ind., June 28.— During a storm
about 6 o'clock this evening lightning
killed , four men who ¦ were at work .in a
wheat field on the J. C. Halbert farm
near Lodi. All the victims leave families.
Bodies in. a Drift Pile.
BLUEFTELD, W. Va., June 28.— Two
bodies were found in a drift pile at Lan
graff to-day. They were so far decom
posed that Identification was impossible,
and the bodies were burned promptly. The
railroad and industrial situation is im
proving rapidly. It is expected that the
Norfolk and Western Railroad will be In
shape for a train to get through to-mor
row, although about forty miles still re
main to be connected owing to the loss of
bridges. . .
Will Wed a Harvard Graduate.
NEW YORK, June 28.— The engagement
has just been announced of Miss Ethel
Scott Dlckson to William Mavison Hen
nen. Miss Dickson was born in San Fran
cisco, but her ancestors are Scotch, and.
she is related to Sir Richard Keith. Earl
Marshal of Scotland. Hennen, who was
graduated from Harvard, Is a grandson
of Judge Hennen of Louisiana and cousin
of David Hennen Morris.
Superintendent Green of the Peninsula
Salt Company has secured agreements for
G8 per cent of the independent salt manu
facturing concerns to enter a combine
against the salt trust. Matters have not
progressed far enough to announce the
names of those who will enter the anti
trust combine, but the deal will be closed
and the formal announcement will be
made. before autumn. «
Will Oppose the Salt Trust.
* DETROIT, - June 28.— The Tribune to
morrow will say: After much negotiating
DENVER, June 2S.— Judge Palmer heard
evidence in the District Court to T day in
the contempt proceedings' against the
Rev. M. A. Rader and the Rev. W. H.
Talmage. The principal witnesses were
newspaper reporters who had interviewed
the ministers concerning the injunction
issued by the court in the saloon cases.
Judge Palmer ordered the two defendants
to appear before him next Monday morn
ing, when it is expected he will announce
his decision as to the contempt charges,
and also as to whether the temporary in
junctions granted to prevent interference
with the serving of liquor in a restaurant
on Sunday and to women in a wineroom
shall be made permanent.
Ministers Must Return to Court.
Another Action Is Brought by United
States Against Anaconda Cop
per Mining Company.
HELENA, Mont., June 28.— United
States District Attorney Rodgers to-day
instituted two actions in the United States
court against the Anaconda Copper Min
ing Company, the -Marcus Daly estate and
the Bitter Root Development Company to
recover $300,054 alleged by the Government
to be due for timber unlawfully cut on the
public domain. With other suits begun
a few days ago the Government Is suing
these defendants for sums aggregating
$825,000.
John Scunnell of New York Accused
of Neglect of Duty and
Conspiracy.
NEW YORK, June 28.— Two indictments
were returned by the Grand Jury to-day
against Fire . Commissioner John J. Scan
nell. charging him with neglect of duty.
Another indictment was returned- jointly
charging Commissioner Scannell and Wil
liam L. Marks vrith conspiracy. It is al
leged that nearly all supplies for the Fire
Department have been purchased through
There are three counts in the indict
ments against Commissioner Scannell.
One is a charge of evading the law. an
other is for defrauding the -city, and the
third is neslect of duty. The indictment
against Marks charges him with conniv
ance with Commissioner Scannell to de
fraud the city by selling inferior goods at
the highest prices. It is also charged that
the Commissioner . gave Marks ' excessive
commissions. Bail was fixed at $2500 each,
and was furnished.
GOVERjOEENT IS SUING '
FOR NEARLY A MILLION
Name of the Eminent Prelate on the
Paper Appealing for Younger
Brothers.
ST. PAUL. June 2S.— George M. Bennett,
a Minneapolis attorney, called on Gover
nor Vansant to-day and presented him
with the Younger problem in the shape
of a monster petition for the parole of the
imprisoned brothers. It is an extension )
of the old petition which was signed by j
Senator Davis. The last name on it Is .
that of Archbishop Ireland. Bennett I
called on the distinguished prelate to-day j
and presented the petition, which was
promptly signed.
The petition calls for the pardon, but
will be used in a campaign for a parole
under the provisions of the Deming law. i
Bennett will appear before the Board of
Pardons at its next meeting, July 8, and
speak in support of the parole application,
which has already been indorsed by the
Board of Prison Managers.
GRAND JURY INDICTS ]
A FIRE COIOIISSIONEH, |
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
SIG1TS PAROLE PETITION
BERKELEY JUSTICE AND JESSUP CASE
Continued From Page One.
,ROME, June 28.— The report published
in Paris that the Pope is seriously ill i3 en
tirely unfounded. His Holiness is in good
health and yesterday received in audience
the Austrian Embassador to the Vatican
arid a number of other persons.
sage From England to the
Races. ;^/v*
KIEL. June 2S.—During the last few
days the yachts taking part in the regatta
here have suffered from squally winds,
rough water and low temperature. Prince
Henry's Tilly and the yacht Odin broke
their rudders and two other yachts were
barely saved. Emperor "William's Meteor
has arrived here from England. His Ma
jesty Intends to steer the Meteor in to
day's race from Kiel to Travemund.
The Meteor was severely damaged dur
ing her passage from England. Conse
quently Emperor William entered the Idu
na in the races to-day. The Iduna ar
rived at Travernund at 5 o'clock this aft
ernoon, the winner In a field of thirty
three yachts. The Emperor steered the
yacht himself through a rough sea. Prince
Rupert of Bavaria, the Grand Duke of
Saxe-Weimar, Count von Bulow. the Im
perial Chancellor, and other distinguished
personages were on board the Iduna. The
Empress followed the yachts to Trave
mund on the imperial yacht Hohenzollern.
Pope Leo in Good Health.
Meteor Has a Sard Time on the Pas-
BIG STORM DAMAGES ;
THE KAISER'S YACHT
TOPEKA, Kans.. June 28.— The Popu- |
list party in Kansas is in chaos, and the |
abandonment of the organization will fol- i
low. John Curran. secretary of the State j
Committee, says he will close the head- j
quarters here on August 1. In an appeal j
to the membership in the State Curran .
says: !
"On Tuesday I received a report- from j
ex-Governor P. P. Elder of Ottawa of the j
meeting of the County Central Commit- j
tee. In that report he says: unanl- !
mous feeling it that the party is in chaos j
and the theory of keeping open the State j
headquarters and doing any work is vis- ,
lonary and doing no good. I have about j
come to the conclusion that this expresses j
the sentiment of the majority . of the j
Popuiists in the State.' !
"The best evidence that the party is in
chaos Is for the County Central Commit- I
tee to declare that it is. These and many :
other Eisns show a movement of greater
or less proportions toward the Democratic
party. The invitation from the Demo
cratic party to join its ranks is only a
reiteration of the many Individual invi
tations, and there are many who claim it
will be generally accepted. If the re- j
fusal of the Democratic committee to '.
adopt the 'union* idea is endorsed by the !
rank and file there will be nothing: left j
for those who insist on ¦working with
them but to join the Democratic party.
Those who remain Populists will have to
go It alone. Bach must settle this ques
tion for himself." . .' >
-v Special Dispatch to The Call.
Will Soon j Abandon
Their Organization
in Kansas.
Refuse to Accept the Invita
tion to Join the Demo
cratic Hanks.
CHAOS AMONG
THE POPULISTS
NEW TELEGRAPHY
WITHOUT WIRES
Department of Agricul
ture "Will Test Fes- '
senden's System.
Works on Original Lines and
Does Not Infringe on
Marconi's Patent.
statement regarding the invention or
Professor Fessenden of wireless teleg
raphy, a device with which the Weather
Bureau has been making elaborate ex
periments.
Secretary "Wilson said Professor Fes
senden had made an Invention which \
¦was now being perfected under an ar- '
rangement with the Department of Ag
riculture by which the .'epartment will
have the use of the system free and the .
inventor will have the benefit of exploit
ing it commercially.
Scientists and eiectrical experts who
examined Professor Fessenden's work
declare that he is making experiments
on entirely original lines and is not en
croaching in any way upon the devices
used by Senor Marconi. He has so far
cent messages without the aid of wires
over a distance of fifty miles on land
and received replies.
WIIecti was not prepared to say that
these tests on land had been made in all
kinds cf weather. It is now intended to
experiment and see whether the system
•will work equally well at sea. The time
for these experiments, he said, would
depend entirely upon the inventor. They
might occur in a month and prove a
great success. In this case the Weather
Bureau would put up temporary lines
for more elaborate experiments.
Secretary Wilson declined to make any
«xplanatio'n of the principles of Fes
eenden's system, and all persons con
nected with the "Weather Bureau who
have had access to the apparatus are
under a pledge of secrecy.
The Call's correspondent understands,
however, that Professor Fessenden dis
penses with the "coherer." The "co
herer" is a modification of the Branley
tube. It was Professor Hertz who dis
covered the so-called "Hertzian waves,"
end Professor Branley then fo^nd that
the foeblest Hertzian waves passing
•through metal filings in the Branley
tube caused them to cohere and become
a. good conductor of electricity, whereas*
in a loose state they were non-conduct
ors. Signor Marconi then conceived the
idea of utilizing Hertzian waves and the
Branley tube in wireless telegraphy. It
•will thus be seen that the Branley tube,
or coherer, is the basic principle of Mar
coni's wireless telegraph invention, and
that if It can be dispensed with this new
system may be used without infringing
¦upon Marconi's patent.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL. BUREAU. 14d6 O STREET N.
"VT., WASHINGTON, June 28.— Secretary
of Agriculture Wilson was asked to-day
by The Call's correspondent to make a
As the Norroy Klng-at-Arms concluded
with the words," "God save the King."
the trumpeters again sounded a fanfare,
the King standing at the salute. A pro
cession was then formed, led by a de
taehment of the Horse Guards, five royal
carriages containing: the heralds, pursui
vants and other officials, proceeded to
Temple Bar and the Royal Exchange,
where the formalities, less picturesque,
perhaps, were repeated. ¦ Lord Mayor
Green and the Sheriffs met the procession
at Temple Bar.
The trumpeters sounded a protracted
fanfare, and then the Norroy King-at- %
Arms bared' his head and read the procla
mation in a clear voice, which must have
been audible to the royal party, occupy
ing a stand on the grounds of Marl
borough House, facing the balcony of the
palace. King Edward wore an admiral's
uniform. Queen Alexandra and the oth
ers of the royal party watched the cere
mony with the greatest interest, the King
using field glasses to obtain a clearer
view. /
At the appointed hour four state trump
eters, lavishly adorned in gold embroid
ered tunics, appeared in front on the bal
cony. By their side stood the Norroy King
at-Arms, flanked by two • royal . macers,
bearing gold maces, and' surronded by the
blue . mantle (Gordon Ambrose de Lisle
Leo), the rouge dragon (Everard Green),
the Somerset ¦ herald (Henry Farnham
Burke), the York herald (Alfred Scott-
Gatty), and the "Windsor herald ("William
Alexander Lindsay), all in their full offi
cial regalia, and the Earl Marshal (the
Duke of .Norfolk), the Lord Steward (the
Earl of Pembroke), the Lord Chamber
lain (the Earl of Clarendon), and others.
LONDON, June 28.— The royal procla
mation announcing ¦ that the coronation
of King Edward is to take place in June
next, the exact date not yet being deter
mined upon, was read this morning' at St.
James Palace, Temple Bar and the Royal
Exchange, with all the**&uaint, medieval
scenes which marked the occasion of the
proclaiming of the accession of the King.
To-day's ceremonial, was unheralded, but
crowds quickly gathered.
The ceremony began at, St. James, where
from the purple-draped" . balcony of the
palace the Norroy King-at-Arms (Sir Wil
liam Henry Weldon), , in a brilliant uni
form, accompanied by the heralds and
pursuivants, in gorgeous tabards, and nu
merous state officials, read the proclama
tion. .......
Officials in Quaint Costume
Head Proclamation in
London. '
Ruler of England^ Will
Be Crowned King
Next June.
HERALDS TELL
OF CORONATION
. Miss Portia Knight, the American act
ress, who has brought suit for damages
against the Duke of Manchester for
breach of promise, had lawyers? present at
the Duke's examination to-day, but they
were not permitted to question the debtor,
and consequently they were unable to
obtain Information of much value to their
client.
At his final examination to-day the
Lruke reiterated that his failure was due
to the loss of several thousand pounds In
theatrical speculations, and said be had
not gambled. ; ..'\ .v
LONDON. June 28.— The Duke of Man
chester made to-day 'what .he hopes •will
be his last appearance in the bankruptcy
court, as his creditors formally accepted
the compromise of 123 6d on the pound.
Although ¦ the accounts showed that the
unsecured debts amounted to £30.710. the
trustees submitted that this sum could be
scaled down to £19,714, with assets of
£5000.
Creditors Formally Accept
a Proposition for Set-
tlement.
Court.
Manchester Again Ap
pears in Bankruptcy
DUKE EXPLAINS
HIS POVERTY
ALABAMA EDITORS PAY A VISIT
TO FAMOUS BATTLESHIP OREGON
Writers From the Sunny South See the Park and Ocean and Later
Accept the Courtesies of the San Francisco Qub*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 29, 1901.
Three Dollars for One.
One dollar to Glen Ellen and return next
Sunday, June 30th. by- the California
Northwestern Railway, leaving Tlburon
ferry at 8 a. m.
-YREKA; June 28.— Fred. Talbot, former
ly ; a': resident of this ;; place but . now ; a
miner on Cherry Creeki shot and probably
fatally .. wounded a \Chlnese \whom < he
caught robbing his sluice boxes thly morn
ing. ¦. -¦ ¦/ ¦' ¦?". •¦' ' :¦:•'¦ '- .'¦¦- '¦ ¦'
Shoots a Chinese Thief.
¦ •" DENVER, .June "... 28.— The Los Angeles
Times' special train rolled Into Denver
over the Santa Fe to-day from the East,
returning to California after a visit to the
Pan-American - Exposition. . Sixty citizens
of California composed the party.' Irving
R. Smith of the Times editorial staff is in
charge di : the - tour. :¦ and Mrs. ; Eliza A.
Otis, wife of General Harrison Gray Otis,
editor 'of- the Times, is the official cor
respondent. ¦-..".¦- "
Newspaper Train From Buffalo.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 28.— A ter
rible storm swept- over MlnneaD0ll3, St.
Paul and vicinity this afternoon. The
storm broke our about 4" o'clock, being
preceded by almost utter darkness. Many
people went into the street and when the
storm of wind and rain broke there were
many injured. Polly Bennett was struck
by a live electric wire and killed. The
frame building occupied by the Home
Laundry.waa wrecked. . The storm level
ed part of the canvas inclosure of ' the
Pawnee Bill Wild West Show and several
persons were injured there. One of the
grain tanks being built by the Pioneer
Steel Elevator -Company ' in ' Southeast
Minneapolis was blown down.- The work
men barely escaped. • ,
trip."
3
± many women are sub :
A great many "women are subject to
epells of dizziness, sj>ots before the eyes,
and a ringing noise in the head. These
symptoms are commonly associated with
liver n trouble " as the result of a diseased
condition of the stomach and other or-
gans of digestion and nutrition.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery cures diseases of the stomach and the
allied organs of digestion and nutrition.
It cures through the stomach diseases
seemingly remote from that organ, but
•which have their origin in a diseased
condition of the stomach and digestive
and nutritive system. Hence, cures of
heart, lungs, liver, kidneys, and other
organs are constantly effected by the
use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery. ~vv
There is no alcohol in the w Discovery"
end it is free from opium, cocaine, and
all other narcotics.
Some dealers may offer a substitute as
« just as good" as Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery. There's more profit
in substitutes for the dealer. There's
more health in the « Discovery » for you.
Don't be imposed on.
"It is with the greatest pleasure I write you
the benefit ay mother haa received from your
Medical Discovery,'" says Miss. Came
Johnson, of LowesviUe. Amherst Co., Virginia,
fehe suffered untold misery with uterine disease
and nerrouraess, and had a constant roaring
ud ringing noise in her head. After toting
Sxbottfes of Dr. Pierce's <k>lden Medacal Dis-
covery she was entirely cured." . ' ¦
When a laxative is required- use Dr.
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
>E3USEUfil! OF ANflTQMY
a Qj 2351 umnra. let. 6±ft7th,6.r.cai.
\ Of ' The L*«Kest Anatomical Miueum i» the
m A ii World. Weaknesses or any contracted
V ffig»a disease pMlUv^lyesrodrgr the eldest
Q Kjgg Sgl Specialist cm the Coast. Cst. 36 years.
A $«?¥¦* ft OR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN
V ffWK&R Consultation free and strictly prirate.-
B I Sfffn Treaanrnt personally or by letter. A
f I JjrnB Pttittvt Curt In every case undertaken.
Atrn ilBt Write for Book. PUILOIOPBTaf
T * II 1} 1 HMKUCE, HAILED FREE, f A
\ J\ /I, valuable book for o»r) .
V DR. JORDAXd: CO.. 1051 Market 8 t..S. F.
ilBi^^ y y w^St Hid 0^,1* cl H
HWKBpH^ . There is no chance for disappointment if fiff
m*g»V you choose a Standard Shirt. There is no pos- Eg
jB sibility, of ill-fit, of short, unsatisfactory wear or M
Hr of getting an old-style pattern. " £3
H Standard Shirts are made too well to allow for dissatisfaction. U
H and are far too popular to remain unsold -on a merchant's shelves BJ
H until the styles have. changed. . Pi
H For sale at all leading furnishing and dry goods stores. pi
H N E U S T A D T E K BRO S., l£s
gm - - Manufacturers, - . Kj
Ijfl San Francisco, Cal. "MmPoatofflce Clerks Poaitton. Letter Carriers.
Jones Catcher ....; ,i..Ahre:ia
gen-e.. Pitcher *Mant
P° w «r First base McCarthy
(ashman Second base Bcban
Hardy.. Third base... De la. FentaJna
f,5 veny Short stop ......Buckingham
Brbwn (captain).. Lett field Tyrell
McLeod Center field Rellly
Murphy Right fleia Brltton
Osmusuen.. ....... ..Extra Lour
The Postomce clerks and the letter car
riers are to battle once again on the dia
mond, and that a hard-fought game will
be played is assured, as their last meeting
two weeks ago resulted In a tie of eleven
innings. The gai.,e will take place on July
7 at Sixteenth and Folsom streets. Charles
Geggmi will officiate as umpire and Martin
J. O Donnell will keep tab of all plays
made. The llne-un:
Postal. Men Will Play.
Thu committee on runs will appoint a
time and place for the start of each club
run. and also for a rendezvous for rest
and luncheon, and runs will be called at
least as often as once v. month.
Automobilfsm Is Booming.
The old board of governors of the Auto
mobile Club of California having held of
fice for one year, a new board was elected
at the general meeting held last Tuesday
In the clubroom in the Parrott building.
The following are the new officers: Presi
dent. F. A. Hyde: -vice president. Dr. F.
J. Tillman; secretary, R. R. l'Homme
dieu: treasurer, Byron Jackson: directors,
W. H. Taylor, A. M. Hunt, Miles T. Baird,
C. C. Moore, A. E. Brooke- Ridley and 8.
D. Rogers. At the first meeting of the
new board, held in the president's office
on Thursday evening, it was decided to
admit women. to membership, to fix the
dues at $2 50 per month for owners of au
tomobiles and $1, for non-owners." Non
resident members -were defined as those
residing more- than 'twenty miles from the
city. The entrance fee of *15 is suspended
until the 1st of October, 1901.
Mrs. Brown's medal play scores were 52,
57, total 109; and Mrs. Johnson's were 65.
67, total , 132. Mrs.' Brown's driving and
her ; play through tho ¦ green and on the
greens '¦ were excellent, and the handsome
trophy.'havlne already been won twice by
her," is now, hCr absolute property.'
• Olympian, who as a two-year-old gave
promise of being a world-beater, won the
Biennial Handicap of 500 sovereigns at
the. Ascot meeting. The brown colt
proved to be a sprinter of marked ability.
He Is owned by the Keenes. Milton Hen
ry, a protege of Orville Appleby, a Cali
fornia horseman, rode the brown colt in
his recent victory. ..
.Burns & Waterhouse have a string of
sixteen horses at the Emeryville track.
Although receiving but slow work, horse
men will find them a formidable lot to
beat at the State Fair next September.
In the lot are many useful horses. They
are In the hands of Ben Timmons, one of
the most careful and conscientious train
ers in the business. They Include Dan
gerous Maid, Prejudice, Bangor, Vassalld
and about ten others. It Is the intention
of Burns" & Waterhouse to place in train
ing about sixteen yearlings for the two
year-old events of 1902. '
Gibralter, the sulker, who caused many
an anxious moment during the last meet
ing at the local tracks, has passed into the
hands of Frank Weir. It looks as though
Weir has secured . a bargafn. The price
Is not reported. :
Merops, a consistent performer a few
years ago, also passed into the hands of
the same man. ' , •
Mrr Weir will be recognized by Calif or
nia turfites as the man who handled Ral
ston, Mike Strauss and many other win
ners. • ¦• --;•¦' .. , vt;-.. ••¦¦"¦
The Overland Jockey Club concludes
Its meeting to-day. According. to reports
the Denverites have had a season of fine
racing. Although a mixed . meeting, it Is
said the association quit enough ahead to
warrant a more ambitious meeting in 1902.
Ed Evatt, known to every racing enthu
siast in California, Is making a short visit
to Lake Tahoe.
Proves a Winner in • Good
Company at Ascot Meeting.
Horses Again in Training
KEENE'S HORSE
OLYMPIAN IS
A FAST ONE
This afternoon there will be a consola
tion handicap against bogey 'on the links
of the Oakland Golf Club, the event of
this kind that took place last Saturday
having proved so successful and interest
ing as to suggest its repetition.- The
bogey score will be between 80 and 90. but
the exact figure will be unknown till the
conclusion of ( the game. Last Saturday
each contestant chose his or her own
handicap, writing it on the bulletin board
before play: began. Fourteen players, of.
whom four were ladles; entered the event
last Saturday; the best score, made by
P. E. Bowles Jr., exactly equaling the
secret, bogey,' 93, which was : drawn from
a box containing slips of paper inscribed
,wlth the numbers from 80 to 100. As P.
E. Bowles Jr. had given himself a handi
cap of .ten, his net- score was ten wide of
the' .mark. The first prize -was won . by
Miss M. R. Deane, with a score of 129 less
35, -or. a net of 94. Miss Anita, Whitney,
with a score of 336 less 45, or a net' of 91,
took second prize. ¦¦'¦-.- -, • .
On the Fourth of July there will be a
putting and driving competition for the
members of the Sausalito Golf Club. As
long contests usually prove tedious, the
putting event will probably consist of hol
ing out six balls on one green. The driv
ing competition will be won by the player
making the highest number of points, a
drive of between 100 and:120 yards count
ing one point, one of between 120 and 140
yards two points; between 140 and 160
yards three points; more than. 160 yards
four, points. Balls falling or rolling be
yond certain limits marked by posts will
not score.-, .-•¦¦' - • , . ~ .
In; the hall of i the San Francisco Yacht
Club' house' at :' Sausalito this afternoon
then* will be an exhibition of French
posters gathered In Paris during the Ex
position by H. Holbrook.; The money
taken In at the door will be added to- the
fund for finishing the - clubhouse on ' the
Fort Baker links. The, ladies' room is al
ready ' furnished i and ready for ' use. To
night there will be a dance In the. San
Francisco Yacht Club house for the bene
fit.of the building fund. .
• There will be tournaments for the mem
herb of the San- FranciBco, Oakland and
San Rafael golf clubs on July 4th on the
links at the Presidio,' Point Adams and
San : Rafael. '1 Secretary • R. ¦¦¦¦ G. 3rown of
the San Rafael Golf Club Is out of town
and will not return for. more than a week.
At last the long drawn out contest for
the ladles' ¦ cud of the San < Rafael Golf
Club,^ which 'began < on '• Decoration Day;
hnsbeen brought -to- a ; finish, -Mrs. ?R.
Oilman Brown defeating Mrs. ; F. . S. John-
I son ,7 no 6 tn day over, eighteen holes.
¦'¦^¦V-te'WIit'fl'WMMiflftMrfilM'OT
GOLF CONTESTS
FOR THE FOURTH
SOME CATCHES OF TUNA AND BLACK SEA BASS MADE DURING THE PRESENT SEASON OFF AVALON.
CATALINA ISLAND. THE BIG LEAPING SEA FISH IS NOW RUNNING IN CATALINA WATERS AND THE
SPORT IS OF THE BEST.
"•....*¦ . ¦ ' ¦ ' - • ¦
On the Fourth of July the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club -will come . before the
public as a promoter of professional fights
and Its first dish will be something new to
this -city. Every arrangement .has. been
made to make the venture successful, and
there is no apparent existing reason why
this daylight fight at Sixteenth 'and Fol
som streets should not be all that is hoped
for it by the prize flght management. ,.; v
The card which the. San Francisco Club
has prepared is the kind that appeals to
the fight-going public. Jack. Moff at and
George Gardner are scheduled to appear
In a twenty-round ¦ mill, the principal
event on the programme. " Moffat has al
ways been a favorite in this city, and up
to the time of his accident when he
fought Al Neill, a substitute for erratic
Tommy Ryan, he was rated as a top
notch middle-weight. From the way Mof
fat has been working during the past few
weeks arm is as good as ever it was,
and He is now in ripe condition.' to* con
test'with the best of : his class for~the
championship honors. George Gardner of
Boston is another crack- heavy middle
weight, and he too has . accomplished
enough in the ring to make his presence
felt with the best : of them. This fight
should prove close and Interesting. > ¦••,-,¦»••..
As a, second offering ; Al Neill and
Charles Thurston will be presented. It is
some time since Neill has ¦. been seen In
the ring in this city. He is a shifty,'
clever boxer, with tons and worlds of su
perior cleverness to Thurston. The latter,
on the other hand, is stanch and hard, a
fighter from his feet up and as greedy for
punishment as a . parched.- throat " for
drink. Much speculation is Indulged in
about this -fight., It will.be a test of
cleverness against force and strength.
In so many victorious contests. The Olym
pic Boat ' Club and . the -Triton | Swimming
and Boating Club will have no entries in
the regatta, and the Pioneers will proba
bly enter only one Junior ¦skiffman. . The
contestants will ; come • from - the Alameda.
South End 'and Ariel Rowing clubs and
the University of California. • ¦
Francisco ' Athletic, Club
on the National Holiday
Day Exhibition of the San
WILL FIGHT IN
OPEN AIR FOR
CHAMPIONSHIP
Handball Contests.
At the San Francisco handball courts
the following matches' will be played-
Closing tournament games:
First class— J. Collins vs. W. Magulre.
Second class— R. Murphy vs. T. Leach.
Regular four-hand games— M. McLaughlln
and M. McDonald vs. M. Bason and M. Joyce •
E. Barry and M. Klrby vs. D. Regan and p
Taloi.G. McDonald and J. Manion vs. M. Mc-
Neil and D. McDonald: W. Walsh and K ¦ J
Murphy vs. J.-J. Kavanaugh ana H. H. LJss
ner; O. Hutchlnson and C. Cognlas vs. M. Dil
lon, and J.Feeney; M. Levy and J. Law|»8s
vs. P. Ryan and D. Connelly :' J. Harlow and
A. Hamilton vs. J. RlorJan and J. White.
The victory that Palo Alto earned in |
defeating Vandal In the deciding course
of last Sunday's open stake brought more
honors to the great sprinter than would
appear at first glance. When the final
flag in the event was raised in favor of
Geary's fast hound it gave to that flyer
a season's record that placed him at the
head of tho list of America's best grey
hounds. Being Ineligible for to-day's
events, Palo Alto virtually closed his sea
son last week, after having placed to his
credit nine stakes and beating all former
records. Up to this time the honor in the
stake-winning line for a season belonged
to Royal Flush, who with eight events to
his name for a year's work held the
strongest of them for some time. During
the making of this record Royal Flush
captured three stakes in weekly succes
sion, which is in Itself a record.
Wayfarer is also a record holder. Cred
ited to this courser is the great perform
ance of going through three stakes with
out allowing a dog to score against him.
To For Freedom, how ever, belongs a
record which coursing men declare is the
greatest of all— that of meeting for two
seasons the fastest and best hounds in
running without having a flag raised
against him. For the sake of a well
earned reputation it seemed hard to send
the old courser to the slips after an en
forced retirement and against the clever
youngsters of to-day, though his defeat
in these trials was pardonable and ex
pected.
In England Fullerton in his great stake
won six courses and suffered defeat in the
final, losing to Greengage. After that he
won twenty-five courses in succession.
Fullerton ran in five Waterloo cup events,
captured four of them and in the fifth lost
to Full Captain in the second round.
Herachel has thirty straight courses to
his credit.
Master McGrath won twenty-seven
straight, lost one and won ten more
straight. •:. -. -i «,.».
Coomassie won twenty-eight courses
without a slip.
Huicholloa, grand sire of Emin Pasha,
won sixteen.
For Freedom in the plains meet* and
park stakes in which he contested and
never knew defeat has at least forty-five
courses to his name, a record which com
pares Quite favorably with the world's
greatest coursers.
Palo Alto has taken second money three
times during- last season. •>,',-
D. J. Healey's Sisquoc performed for a
while in a manner that bode ill to records
but did not finish. In five starts Sisquoc
reached first place three times\ and sec
ond place twice. . '
Two events comprise the attraction of
fered by the Union Park management for
this week's coursing, a 16-dog champion
reserve stake and a reserve stake o£ 108
entries. Likely winners in the champion
stake are Rector, Lady Clare, Homer Boy
Dewdrop, For Glory, Hariean Gladys Ire
land and Vandal.
, Tho winners in the reserve stake look
to be Tyrone Prince, . Master Workman,
Sweet Emma, Mayflower, Shadow Bow
ery Boy. Castaway. Chicago Boy, Can
delaria. Santonin. Buck, First Foot Vae
rant, Lundln Links, Banner Brisrht 'Loval
Lad, Silver Cloud, Black Flush! Rocker
Master Rocket, Hot Haste. Ripple; Firm
Fellow. Norah Strayaway, Agamemnon.
Lawrence. Vulcan. Motto. Echo. War
Eagle. Royal Union. Lavender. The
S r ?/ te^r Ta ! k to Me - Tea Rose, Herschel'a
Pride. Narcissus, Daisy Clair Rosle ria r
Spiteful Greenhall. Bonnie TPafha. V^leze
Out, Lilac. Honor Bright. Ever Sure. Lord
Beaconsfleld, Flower of Gold. Thelma.
Swedish, Round About, Tapioca and King
Cotton. °
Sonu Remarkable Perform
ances by-. Local Hounds
From a Comparative View
COURSERS THAT
HAVE WON FAME
AND BIG MONEY
The Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Breed
ers' Association has hung up six guaran
teed stakes of $1000 each, three of which
are for trotters and three for pacers.
These stakes will close on Monday. July 1.
For the trotters a 2:14. 2:20 and 2:40 class
are provided, while the side wheelers get
races for the 2:13, 2:17 and 2:25 classes.
These are only the preliminary purses for
the breeders' ireetlng, which takes place
at Sacramento from July 30 to August 3.
inclusive. Other purses for other classes
will be offered, to close about July 15, but
they will be for small amounts. Entries
for the Los Angeles meeting will also
close on July I, and their meeting, which
opens September 28, will be continued for
thirteen days. Ir a Jdition to these meet
ings the circuit will include Woodland.
Stockton, the State Fair, Santa Rosa. Sa
linas, Santa Ana and probably San Jose.
At all of these places harness races will
be given, as well as at all the smaller
county fairs.
Although the harness racing circuit in
California will not be an extended one this
year, some very good meetings will be
held, and as there are a large number of
trotters and pacers In training, especially
for the green classes, the entry lists
should be larger than for years past. Cal
ifornia Is well represented throughout the
Eastern grand circuit. One or more Cal
ifornia horses are entered In nearly ev
ery stake. The strings of Mlllard Sanders,
John Blue, WilHam Cecil, Grant Lapham.
Dr. Boucher, Det Bigelow, C. E. Clark.
W. G. Durfee, James Thompson and oth
ers will keep California's reputation as a
horse-breeding locality well to the front
throughout the Eastern country this year.
It must no* be inferred, however, that
there is not plenty of good trotting and
pacing material left at home. When the
circuit opens at the breeders' meeting at
Sacramento th<s stalls will be filled, and
among the reinsmen that will be seen in
the sulky will be Ed Lafferty. Vet Tryon.
Sr., H *, Hoy ' W * Hogoboom. H. Hogoboom,
Billy Donathan, J. M. Alvlso. C. F. Bunch.
£ oh . n v 9. 0r £? n ' Henr y Helman. E. B.
Smith. P. W. Hodges, H. S. Brown. Clar
ence Day, S. E. Kent. Jamea Dawln. C.
A. Durfee. I. Mulholland. William Mur
ray, W. Mastin, P. Robinson, P. J. Wil
liams, C. Rodriguez. John Qulnn. Clarence
Hill, H. M. Ward. Ellas Williams, J. M.
Nelson. S. K. Trefry, Joe Corey. C. H.
Corey. John Brooks. Joe Smith. Walter
Maben, Barney Simpson, F. Miller, J. Sha
ner, Joe Cuicelio, George Parker. William
Brown, S. Eddy, Frank Trainor D. F.
Oglesby. F. Menchaca, W. S. Lierly.
George Kneirr. C. A. Spencer, C. White
head, Dan Mlsner, J. Willis, Gib Judd,
Fred Ward, D. Lieginger, H. H. Dunlap.
T. C. Cabney. Henry Haas. C. W. Farrar.
R. Garnsey, John Woods. Jack Groom. 9.
A. Hooper, S. Mativla, Tom Holmes, T.
W. Baratow, Chris Jorgensen, J. R. Al
bertson. Ben Chaboya. Al McDonald. F.
D. McGregor. George Rabage. Fred
Chadbourne. Thomas Cook. Will .Welch.
Charles Jeffrie?, Sam Norris and several
others.
All of these trainers are preparing
horses for the races this year, some of
them having as many as fifteen and sev
enteen in their strings. From the present
prospect among the green ones that are
going fast there will Jbe more 2:13 trotters
and 2:10 pacers to come to the front than
there has ever been before In the history
of racing in this State.
Towns From One End of
the State to the Other
Preparing for the Circuit in
THE TROTTERS
AND PACERS WILL
HAVE A CHANCE
The entry list for the Fourth of- July
championship regatta on Lake Merrltt
closes on Monday next at 8 p. m. at the
Olympic Club, where the regatta com
mittee of the Pacific Association will meet
to complete arrangements. There will be
entries in every event, though in one or
two there may not be the three starters
necessary for the award of the second
prize.
The race for the senior outrigged skiff
championship will be between John Lewis.
, of the Alameda Boat Club and George
Baker of the Dolphin Club, these two
clubs being the only ones owning new
light racing skiffs. John Lewis in a trial
of speed on Sunday on Oakland Creek
beat Fred Ayers by about seven seconds,
and so became entitled to represent his
club. Both the Lewis boys are rowing
in the Alameda senior barge crew, though
it is said that they are not amiteurs, hav
ing built boats to sell, repaired boats for
hire and made a set of barge oars for
the Alameda Boat Club. One of the broth
ers has also been a boat keeper. It is not
likely, however, that the charge of pro
fessionalism will be raised against them.
The four of the University of California
has had more practice together than any
of the crews and, now that they have se
cured the use of the Pioneer barge,
should be able to make a good race over
a short course on smooth water. W. B.
Goodwin, who has been coaching the
Berkeley crew, has had a skiff fitted with
a forty-inch slide on a level with the gun
wale and having hinged foot rests which
go under the seat when the sculler is for
ward. S. J. Pembroke, the veteran Ala
meda oarsman, says that he is willing to
give Goodwin a minute and a half start
over a mile and a half, Pembroke to pull
in a new boat that Rogers is building for
him and Goodwin to use his patent skin".
S. J. Pembroke also says that he is will
ing to row against W. O. Patch, the Dol
phin-man pulling the new skiff built by
Davy of Massachusetts. With regard to
the Dolphin skin*. George Baker says that
she behaves beautifully In smooth water,
but ir. rough water buries her nose and
fills. George Baker has great confidence
in the skiff over the Lake Merritt course.
If the new Rogers skiff is ready a few
days before the Fourth, S. J. Pembroke
will enter the senior outrigged skiff race.
It is unlikely that there will be more
than two or three entries in this event,
as it is considered useless to enter the old
heavy skiffs against the new Dolphin and
Alameda craft. In order, to induce more
contestants to enter it has been suggested
that the outrigged skiff races should be
rowed in heats. -
Alex W. Pape is at Tony Kendall's
boathouse on Lake Merritt, practicing
dally for: the senior shell race. -He will
use his Rogers shell and is likely to re
tain his title as senior shell champion.
Jack Lewis of the Alameda Boat Club
pu!ls from the Alameda boathouse to the
lighthouse and back daily, a distance- of
about ten miles. In the light Rogers skiff
he will be hard to beat. W. G. Hansen,
junior skiff champion of the Alameda
Beat Club, will make a strong bid for the
junior skiff championship of the bay.
The Dolphin four is practicing in the
evenings under the coaching of T. J. Ken
nedy, but the rough water off North
Beach somewhat interferes with their
work. One night they shipped so much
water that they expected to have to swim
to the shore, but contrived by bailing the
beat to keep her afloat. The South End
boathouse is the headquarters of the oars
men in that part of the city, both the
Ariel and Pioneer representatives having
availed themselves of the courtesy of the
South Ends. The South End Junior and
senior barge crews had a race on Sunday
over the Long Wharf course, the seniors
winning easily. The Juniors rowed in the
old barge. South. -End and- received a
handicap of » thirty : seconds, the seniors
rowing in the new racing barge. The Pio
neers, who won tho senior barge cham
pienship last year.- will have no barge
crew- this year, the only representative
from the old club being J. Murphy in the
Junfoj skiff race. •
The Alameda Boat Club has great hopes
of capturing air the barge races and one
or both of the skiff races. There was at
lone time some talk of. Alex Pape rowing
I under Olympic colors, but he will wear
i the Dolphin dark blue: that he has worn
Clubs Are Training / Crews for
the Rowing Rac»s to Be
Held on the Fourth of July
LAKE MERRITT
REGATTA FOR
THE OARSMEN
Th*R first annual open tournament for the
gentlemen's singles championship of Cal
ifornia will be held at the Hotel Rafael.
San Rafael, July 2, 3 and 4. The tourna
ment is under the auspices of the United
Statts Lawn Tennis Association, directed
by the Pacific States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation. There, will be six prizes offered,
four for those reaching the semi-finals
and two consolation prizes.
As usual, a great many of the entries
will be from the California Tennis Club
of this city. This organization will be
represented by George Whitney, R. N.
Whitney, Sumner Hardy, Grant Smith,
W. B. Collier, Merle Johnson, J. D. Mac-
Gavin. Chet Smith. Dr. Lane, James A.
Code and Charles Kuehn. Other new men
who will enter are: Charles Elston, cham
pion of Hawaiian Islands; Fred Brown of
Oakland. John Craig of Woodland, Ogden
and Jack Hoffman of San Rafael, and
Paul Jones, Du Val Moore and Orville
Pratt of Mill Valley.
George Whitney is naturally picked for
first place, but with Sumner Hardy and
Bob Whitney entered, the champion will
have to be at his best to win. Bob Whiu
ney has been surprising everybody of late
by the game he is putting up. He plays
a remarkable game for one set. but he
seems not to be able to last longer than
one. Sumner Hardy is in rather poor
form, but may pick up before the tourna
ment commences. Grant Smith and W.
B. Collier, with good drawings, should be
well up near the finals. Drummond Mac-
Gavin has been practicing hard of late and
at present is playing a very strong game.
The defeat of Gecrge Whitney at the
hands of Grant Smith last Wednesday
came as a great surprise. The latter
played a very strong game, his volleying
being particularly good, while Whitney
seemed somewhat off in his play.
W. B. Collier has arranged an invita
tion singles tournament for the eight best
men in the California Tennis Club, next to
the Whitneys and Sumner Hardy. The
men invited to play are Collier. Cornell,
Crowell. Johnson, Haight, MacGavin.
: ""'•hell and Grant Smith. The entrance
fee it. to be Jo, first prize valued at 520, sec
ond at $12 50 and third J7 50. The event
Is to be completed in one week, four
matches being played every other day and
the order of the matches to be deter
mined by drawing lots. An affair of this
kind would be a cinch for Grant Smith and
Collier.
The tournaments to be held In the early
part of September will be the biggest
events in tennis pulled off in many years.
The idea is to play three, and possibly
four, tournaments in one week. The events
'will consist of men's singles and doubles
tournament, ladies' singles, and possibly
a mixed doubles. Cracks from all parts
of the coast will be on hand for these
events, and the results will be the best
tennis ever played on the coast. The
tracks from Oregon and Washington and
Southern California have promised to par
ticipate, and consequently the entry list
will be vpry large. „
Grant Smith. Drummond MacGavin and
Roy Cornell will probably go to Southern
California in August to play for the
championship of the south.
Crack Players Are in Line for
the State Championship at
San Rafael — Future Plans
TOURNAMENTS
GALORE FOR
TENNIS MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO XJALIi, SATUKUAY, JUSTE ??, 1901.
KILLING THE GREAT TUNA
IN THE CATALINA WATERS
Fishermen From All Parts of the Country Are
Gathered at Avalon.
Tuna, tuna, tuna and tuna again. At
Avnlon. Catallna Island, all one hears
iheoie days is go many pounds of tuna
cancht by this fisherman and so many
pounds by that one. Occasionally the tale
Is varied, when the lono fisherman, with
out \>vt Bible corroboration. steama Into
Avalcn without the tuna ilug flying. Then
the big sea flsh escaped, but only "after a
struggle that made inroads upon- endur
ance and all hours of the day and night.
The tuna fishers are gathering at Ava
lon from all parts of the country. Year
after year theso same men. leave distant
quarters of America and como together
for a season of llshlng. Sometimes they
po away disappointed, but that is: a re
markable exception, for It Is rare that
during even. a short stay that tuna does
not grace the hook of the enthusiast. A
few of tho, tuna fishers are satisfied with
one or two kills In a season, but the big
majority tuko all they can get, and from
6 in the morning until 4 in the afternoon
. they fish, and. flsh and flsh. Then"; they
come . into Avalon .with . or without the
flags, flyfng, according to, the disposition
of the tuna in regard to hook and bait.
Tuna fishing has come to be an'institu
tion. The Santa 'Catallna Tuna Club,
. composed of members who have caught a
tuna and who have been duly elected to
membership, rules, tho fishing on the lsl
und, If not in fact, certainly in spirit.
And it 1h this club that assembles once a
year In annual banquet at Avalon, when
the stories • of the past are circulated
over, and .over again.
At present the following members of the
dub are killing tuna at the island: Gen-
oral Barrett and Thoma* Manning. Phila
delphia; Colonel R. A. Eddy and F.- 8.
Bchenk, Brooklyn; C. C. Paine, Cleve
land; . Captain W. • H. Burnham, Orange;
F. V. Rider. New York; W. A..Baldwtn,
Buffalo; N. F.WIlshireand C. F. Holder,
Pasadena; Joseph Chambers, Cincinnati;
Macomb G. Foster, New York; C. P.
Morehouse, Pasadena; E. N. Dickinson.
New York; D. C. Pixlcy, Orange; O. O.
Orr, Avalon; J. Francis, Los Angeles; W.
J. Landers and M. J. Connell.
Another select fishing organization at
Avalon Just, at present is composed of
four Californians, and they are known as
"The Fishermen." On the Island they go
FOLLOWING THE BIG GAME
OFF ISLAND OF GATALINA
Successful Anglers and Their Catches During the
Present Season.
by the names of Fisherman Klrkland and
Fisherman Tarpey of Los Angeles and
Fisherman Patton and Fisherman Lcvlson
of San Francisco. The tuna club is wait-
ln«? to embrace this quartet as iivp mem
bera as noon as the necessary tuna Is
caught. This I* the very heart of the sca
pon and the four are hopeful.
. *
SPORTS FISHING, COURSING, BOXING, ROWING, TENNIS,
4An, enormous pine log, ninety-four feet
long '¦ and • nineteen •: . inches ?•. . square. : was
landed at Leith, England, recently. It was
the -largest, and -most' perfect tree In
Louisiana. . ...
LONDON. June 28.— In the semi-final
round of the alNcomers doubles to-day In
the All-England lawn -tennis .; champion
ships, at .Wimbledon. , D. Davis and ¦ H.
Ward, the American players, beat Gamble
and; Davis by three sets to . none. ; In Uhe
semi-finals of the singles A.-^W. Gore beat
Barrett and C. ? P. Dixon beat H. S. Ma
honey. : ¦.;.: Iflv:,
Americans Win at Tennis.
O'Brien Gets the Decision.
DENVER, June 28.— Jack O'Brien of
New . York was given the decision over
Buddy King (colored) of Denver at the
end of a ten-round go before the Colo
rado Athletic Association to-night. King
was on the defensive most of the time.
"Wins Gulf States Championship.
ALAMEDA, June 28.— Reuben Hunt, the
State University , tennis expert, informs
his father. Judge A. • B. Hunt, that he
won the Gulf States championship tennis
tournament, Which was finished yesterday
in- New Orleans.. Hunt will bring iiome
five prizes with him: •'
The first shoot for the Perpetual chal
lenge cup/ recently presented by. Phil.B.
Bekeart. will occur July 14 at the Ingle
slde grounds. "The shoot is at 100 inani
mate targets. The cup is Jntended'to es
tablish a. California championship. ; The
entrance fee is $5, with entrance money to
be divided, 50 per cent going -to first, 30
per cent to second and 20 per cent to third
man.. The cup Is on exhibition at the
store of the H. E. Skinner. Company..
The Perpetual Ghalknee Cup.
Tho regatta/ eommlttM of tho Paclflo
Association mot laHt night at the Olympic
Club, A. O. Hell of tha Aln.ni.ila Hooting
Club and V, J. I^fti chairman of tho Lake
Merrltt regatta commltteo, being preient
in addition to tho delegate* of the city
rowing club*. Tho following ©melals for
tho Fourth of July championship regnlta
wero appointed:- Heferoo, John T, Hulil
van of theTlonecr Howlnnr Club; etarCer.
AT G. Boll : • marshal, T. J. Kennedy of
thn Dolphins; asnlHtant mnrnhal, Jumos
Wilson of the Arlels; Juc1gf»«— li. Luhrsen
and E. C. Steinberg of tho Arlels, Al Kihn
and A. W. Wobb of the Alamodas, Klch
ard Collopy and William St. John of the
Pioneers, William Thomas and T. I. Fltz
patrlck of the South IOihIb, W. O. Patch
and C. M. Farrell of the Dolphins, Georgo
Jam«» and Herbert Hauser of the Olym
pic 'Club: timers— Andrew Carroll of the
Arlels, H. A. Pless of the Olympics, Da
vid Greenleaf of • tho ¦Alamedas, Thomas
Sands of the Pioneers, Joseph Tyson of
the South Ends and J.'Keenan of the
Dolphins. F. J. Lea was chosen honorary
president of the day and W. M. Coward,
P. Carroll, - Charles Ott. T. M. Kendall.
George M. Nusbaumer,- W. H. "Weilby and
Wilbur Walker were appointed honorary
illdlTGS '«•'¦* • *¦' V* t ¦ " ' * ''.'"¦".
It was decided that |the barges, skiffs
and shells ¦ be taken to Oakland on the
creek > ferry -boat, -.starting: from this city
at 11 a. m. on the Fourth, and that they
be towed to ¦ the Twelfth-street bridge."
Stakes are to be set 80 feet apart, and the
finishing line is'to be between stakes 300
feet apart. Six stakes will be set out this
morning and will be plainly numbered.
The Lurllne and Olympic clubs will enter,
teams of nine men each for %the relay
swimming race, the Lurline team being
chosen from the following: W. C. Pomin,
E S. Smith. A. D. Schmidt. E. C. Bonl
fleld, F. W. '-. Huntingdon, W. F.. Harris, W.
P. Stockton. .G. Wallace, T. C. Loomis
and H..AV\Wideman. Entries for the va
rious rowing races were received from the
Alameda and Dolphin Boating 1 clubs, from
the 'Ariel,, Pioneer and South End Rowing
clubs:../. . ¦;,. '.: ¦¦-!.;;¦',' ,¦¦.:. '.: ¦ . .- .-¦¦"
Rowing Men Name Officials;
SECHET SERVICE AGENTS
ARREST HARRY VOLLARS
Harry Vollars, who Is wanted at Juneau,
Alaska, for counterfeiting, was arreated
lnat night by Harry M, Moffltt and Thom
as Foster. The arrest was mnde under
the direction of Goorgo W. Haasen, United
States necret nervlco affnnt, VollarH wA
mttH his ffullt and «aya ho la glad tha ur
rect has benn miulo,
, VollarH wa»! arrested, oomo time ngo,
with John Hluiul'i and Frank flttort, on a
Blmllur I'luuifi 1 . HI* companions wera oon>
vlcted, but ha wbh rolefised on tho ground,
of liiwunlc'l'Mit fvldonce. Blnea his relt*ri*o
hit Iuim resumed tho making of Hpurlou*
eoinH, prlnelpnlly half'dollnrfl. lie pur
¦Outwit tho neccflRnry material At H«attto
before ic'lntf to Alnttkn. Wlilln thero he
iliiodfii tho mnrket with bogus money.
Ho returned to this city nnd secured em*
ployment nt the City Hall. He also
worked at a cigar itand on O'Farrell
street. Secret nervlco ofneera havo been
*carchln*r for him for more than a year.
Ho will be sent to Seattle for trial.
Vollars roomed at 312 Bu«h street fcr
Homo time Ho was prepared for flight
when arrested.
Cosper Sesks Vindication.
Ij. H; Cospcr, 101G Market street, lodged
a complaint with the Police Commission
ers yesterday against Policeman J. Hay
den on the charge of malicious arrest.
Cosper In his complaint alleges that on
the night of June 20. he and a friend,
Henry Brader, were walking along Stock
ton street on their way to a restaurant,
and -when they, approached the place a
crowd had gathered owing to the conduct
of two drunken soldiers. He was arrest
ed by Hayden and roughly treated. After
explanations ' he was released, but was
again arrested and -sent in the' patrol
wagon alone with the soldiers to the City
Hall Btation, where a charge of "drunk"
was booked against him.' He was released
soon afterward on representations made
by his friend BraderA ?
Harry B. Houghton Dies.
•Harry B. Hough ton, son of General and
Mrs. . J. F. Hough ton, . died at his resi
dence, 201S Franklin street, yesterday. He
was superintendent of the Pacific division
of the Aetna' Life Insurance Company of
Hartford. ' Conn. '• He was . a young, man,
well 'liked by a host of friends.
Offensive Letter-Writer Free.
' Edward -R.' Wilson, a waiter, who was
arrested some; days* ago on a, charge of
•writing ''offensive letters - to % Miss ~> Anna
Crane ? of , 1705 ¦ Eddy ' street, was * released
from custody yesterday, owing to the /all
ure, of Miss Crane to prosecute.
NATIONAL LJSAaUE.
PHILADELPHIA, June 28,— To-day's game
was uninteresting. Attendance 1468, Score;
Philadelphia .'..'.'.'.'.',*'.!.'.'.'.!! '.'. 4 0 8
Batteries-Hughes and Kllng; Whlt« ami
Pouglass, Vmplre-Cunnlngham.
nOBTON, June 2«,— nonton lest tha final gam<*
to Ht. Louis by Inability to hst.Hnrnor at erltl.
¦ •¦¦I times. Attendance 3S0O. Th« seor«:
c ' uh "- n. ' *ii,' iH,
MiiKl.ili , ,',,, 4 10 ,
HI. LquIr 10 9 3
. Uatterlen— Willis nnd Klttrldg*; Harper nnil
A. Nichols. Umplres-JSmslle, Moran nnd
Hchrlver,
NEW YORK," June 2S.-fllx, consecutive hits,
Including three doublet and an error after two
were out, enabled the New Yorks to defeat Cln*
rlnnatl In the final Inning to-day. Attemlnnco
2100. The score:
ciutm- n. "li," , b:
New Vflrk ll 16 B
Cincinnati 10 11 '8
Hatterles— Phylo and Warners Newton and
Bergen. Umpires— Smith and Pettz.
BROOKLYN, Juno 28.— Phllllppl won his own
game to-day by clever pitching and timely bat
tine, his two hits bringing In four of the five
runs credited to Pittsburgh Attendance 5000
The score:
ClUbs— R. H. E.
Plttsburff 15 13 9
Brooklyn ....;... 88 1
Batteries— Phllllppl and Zlmmer; Hughes and
McGulre. Umpire — O'Day.
DETROIT, June 28.— Splendid fielding behind
Miller's excellent pitching to-day gave the Mil
waukee team a whitewashing. Garvln held the
locals to three hits up to the eighth lnnlncr,
when he weakened and was hit for three singles
and a double. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs— -. ; fi ; R. H. E.
Detroit 4 7 ' S
Milwaukee 0 " 7 ' \
Batteries— Miller and Buclow; Garvln and Ma
loney.
BALTIMORE, June 23.— Baltimore fell upon
Frazer In the eighth inning to-day for two
triples, a double and three .single's, which-re
mitted In five runs and gave them the game.
Attendance 1500. Score:
Clubs— ¦> 'r. -\ h. I E.
Baltimore '. 7 • 10 1
Philadelphia 3 8 2
Batteries— Howell and Robinson; Frazer and
Powers.
CHICAGO. June 28.— The fielding on both sides
was very ragged "to-day. The locals took -a
good lead on Cleveland's mlsplays at the start,
then went to pieces in the fourth and fifth, four
costly errors giving the visitors six runs, t At
tendane 2500. Score:
Clubs— n. h. E.
Chicago .,,7 H • 5
Cleveland 6 .10 6
natterles— Patterson and Sugden; Hart, Dow
linr and Wood.
WASHINGTON. June 28.— Boston captured to
day's game in the eighth by means of Cling
man's error and a homo run, which stored four
runs. Attendance 2C00. Score:
Clubs— "it, h. K.
Washington is 7*2
Boston , ,-,,,,, 6 10 4
Batteries-CarrlPlc and ClarK; Winters and
Crljer,
Results of the Ball Gamss by
the Clubs of th; Ameri
can and National Leagues
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT USES
THE WHITEWASH
ON MILWAUKEE
;•,¦,»; f, ¦
Hi* furlongs— Konert* r.'en, Vrtr* XI sreond,
Hprlnirwells third. Tim*. l:1M4.
Hour «n<l ft n»lf furlengs.-Trlstr«m won, Im.
nrennlva second, 1'nul Orflghlon third. Time,
On* mile, filing— Warranted won, Custodian
second, Annie J^urMtn third. Tlrne. 1:4J,
Hlx nnd a lt**lf furlongs, •filing-Young lien
rv won. Id* 2'rnsanro second, flotftnUa third.
Tlm*. 1:21%.
CINCINNATI, Juno 28,— Newport summary:
One and a nlxteenth miles, selling— Pre« Ad
mlrolon won. Arlba second, t>andy third. Time.
Blx furlonM. nelllnK-H. O. fox won, iMox
m Keeond, Charlie Manlcl third. Time. 1:42V*.
Five and a half furlongs— Poison won. Inso
lrncn second Dr. Worth third. Time. 1:08. ¦
Sevrn furlongs, spiling— Pine Chip won.
Queen of Quality eecond, Rundown third. Time,
1:2ft.
Blx furlongs, jwlllnir-Pyramo won, noltalre
second. Flying Bird third. Time. 1:15.
One mile, nelllng— Nels Morris won. Mc^gs
Sfcond. Laura's Flrnt third. Time. 1:41%. .
DENVER, June 28.— Results at Overland:
Pacing— Thornbud won first t.nd third heats
and race. Time. 2:18', J. 2:19V«. Silver Coin
won second heat In 2:16V5. Francis Dunleavy,
Little Olrl. Senator and Vindicator also started.
• Trotting — Vendora won In straight heats.
Time. 2-:23'/4. 2:21. 2:20. Tom Smith, Dr. Cald
well and Nellie Rosedale also started.
Blx furlongs— Ned Dennis won. Only Chance
sceond. Cedarwood third. Time. 1:17. r •
¦ Blx furlong:" — Jerid won, Vlrgle d'Or second,
Lucy V/hJte third. Time. 1:15.
Six furlongs— Prince Ruceell won Fernandlno
second, Gold Bug third. Time. 1:1 5Vi.
Four furloncs— Miss Bell wpn, McAlbert sec
ond. Posey third. Time. :48.
NEW- TORK, Juno 28.— Sheepshead Bay sum
mary:
Five furlongs— Man-o* -"War won. Essene sec
ond. Illuminate third. Time, 1:01 2-5.
One mile— Wax Taper won, The Puritan sec
ond. Dublin third. Time. 1:38 4-5.
June Stakes, five and a half furlontrs— Pen-
Insular won. Disadvantage second. Gay Boy
third. Time. 1:07.
One and an eighth miles— Herbert won. All
Gold second. Trigger third. Time, 1:53 1-5.
Selling, six furlongs— Sweet Tooth won. Be
deck second, Princeton Girl third. Time.
One and a half mllea, Bellins— NoneB won.
FatalUt second. Knight of the Garter third*
Time, 2:25.
ST. LOUIS, June 28.— Fair Grounds summary:
Four and a half furlongs, eelllnu— Ethylene
won, Horalde second. . Monte lllmyar third.
Time. :55%. ' ¦.. .
One mile, selling— Maxlmus won, Miss Pa
trorm second, Menace third. Time, 1:42%.
Five furlongs, selling— Huntn»8«a won. La
crlmea second. Joule F third. Time, l:02 ] 4.
Mll# and three-nlxte»nths, over 'five hurdles —
Mr. Rose won, Bristol second, Zufalll? third.
Six' furlonRS. Eelllnr— Staff won. Miss Guldo
second Seething third. Time, l:l. r .'i.
Mile and a nlxte^nth, selling— Orris won.
Judge Stfadman second, Swordsman third.
Time, 1:48.
CHICAGO, June ' 28.— Washington Park re
sults:
Five and a half furlong«-»-A!Ian-a.I>ale won,
Helen Point second, Harry Wllion third, Tlmo,
1:07 4-5. • ..
One mile— Jlmlnez won, Senrcher second,
Omdurman third. Time. 1:41 2-5.
Rev^n and a half furlongs— George Arnold
won, Vulcaln second, UknneHS third. Time,
1:35
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Hylo won, Sum
Lazarus Esq. second, Precursor third, Time,
1:41 3-r,.
KIx furlongs— Isla won MUs Bennett second,
Bevoy third. Tlm«, 1:13,
Mile and a etxteenth. selling— Scotch Plaid
won, Leo Newell second, Knight Banneret
third. Time, 1:47 J-5,
DETROIT, June 2S,— Hltrhland Park sum
mary:
Hlx furlongs— Oc\» Brooks won, Oeoneo sec
ond. (Hod Hand third. Tlm«, 1:15.
Four »nd a half furlongs-Orla won, IMl.
infiia second, Fanny li\htn third, Time,
Disadvantage Gets the Place
and Gay Boy Is Third at
Big Race on Eastern Track
JUNE STAKES
PENINSULAR'S
AT SHEEPSHEAD
SAN DIEGO, June 2S.— On the in
vitation, of E. S. Babcock, Ed
Stolle, the champion long-dis
tance swimmer of San Francisco
and of Northern California, has
brought his titles with him to this south
ern country, and will try to defend them
against th# attacks of Wilbur Kyle, the
16-year-old champion long-distance swim
mer of Southern California, a position
which he v established himself in by defeat
ing other swimmers much older than him
self .during the past two years. . These
races will take place on Friday and Sat
urday afternoon of next week, during the
Fourth of July celebration, which., is
planned on a big scale by San Diego and
Coronado.
The race of Friday afternoon will be a£
Glorietta Bay, on the Coronado side of
the harbor, and the distance will be a
half-mile straightaway. The race of Sat
urday afternoon will be over a- mile course
in the open bay, with the finish in front
of the 'grand stand on the Commercial
wharf. Both Stolle and Kyle are training
conscientiously, and while. Stolle has the
advantage of six or seven years in. age,
young Kyle has been trained in the water
since he was able to walk on the land.
Both events are for the championship
of the State.
To-morrow the first match of this sea
son between teams representing Young
America and Old England will be played
on the ground at Webster street, Alameda.
Owing to the withdrawal of the British
member of the Alameda- Club, there has
been some littles difficulty in making up
a strong team to represent Old England,
but : eleven of the following ought to give
a good ' account of themselves: John
Myers, C. P. Coles,. E. G. Sloman, A. O.
Sheath, II. C.CasIdy, H. H. Cookson, F.
Bennion, J. J.' Theobald. A. W. Wilding.
E. T.. Langdale, W. Petherick and T. J.
A. TIedemann. The following will prob
ably be tho representatives of Young
America: F. J. Croll (captain), F. Stahl,
W. G. Fortmann, B. Bird, A. Willis, W.
Richter, J.- Brown. C. Orr, R, Hamilton,
J. Guild and H. Bird.
Tho victory recently won by tho Burns
Valley cricketers in their match against
the Lakeport Club was due to the splon
dld batting of H. V. Keeling, who went In
first with A. W. Johnson and carried his
bat for 12(i runs. II. C. Spurr, 19, and H.
S. Rose, 16, wero the only two battimen
who gave Keeling any support. Rose
keeping his wicket up for nearly an hour.
Keellng'B Is Aho flrBt century scored In
Lnko County. II. C. Spurr bowled well,
taking five wickets for fourteen runs, nnd
promises to fill the gap caused by Rosa's
retirement as a bowler. Both clubs seem
to be strong this year, and the matches
between them are being looked forward to
with interest. ' .••.» " ;. ¦ \u ; T\ ."/,'<
Young America and Old Eng
land WiU Meet at the Wick
ets on Grounds in Alameda
CRICKETERS
TO PLAY THE
FIRST MATCH
UNDER the auspices of the Twen
tieth Century Club two fights
wore held at tho Mechnnlcn' Pa
vilion last night. And thoy worn
lights— real milk, without tho con
taminating water. So tho crowd thought
ovory Inch of tho wny nnd hpodwI su
premely happy until Referee Wand ren
dered his declKlons. Then tho hlBHlnft 'imil
tho hooting and the Jeering began. It wd»
"Kill him!" and nil thnt sort of thing, for
In each caso tho short-endor was mado tho
loner. . ,'"-*. j'v : , '. .'
Aftor twenty rounds of earnest and
seemingly sincere fighting ,Tlm Callnlian
wits adjudged tho winner over Joe Bern-,
•tfiln. Tho Carter-Root fight did not.go
tho limit. In tho fifteenth round Root,
with all tho looks of a winner written on
hlo faco and body, received something.un
expected from Carter's left hand. Tho
blow caught Root full tilt upon tho stom
ach and Root fell upon his knees, agony,
physical misery and grinding pain taking
hold of all hla features. Then Carter In
his eagerness mado a crucial mistake. He
hit Root on the Jaw— a' useless thing to do
under tfie. circumstances, for Root was In
the far-away land where tho sun never
shines and the Btars always glitter. Tho
body punching was more than Root could
stand and Carter had him whipped, al
though' a short time before this Carter
was wobbling about like an ill-regulated
and eccentria pendulum. In the thirteenth
round Carter stock could be had for a
song an,d a poor song at that. Two rounds
later Carter put Root out of the fight.
• Then Wand gave the decision to Root as
he lay on the floor of the ring writhing,
moaning and holding his stomach with
both hands. From the four. sides of the
meager audience came a. sibilant disap
proval that afterward amounted to some
thing more important. .
The crowd gathered around the ring and
the police, were called in to "keep it mov
ing." When Root left the ring, which was
very soon after he was packed to his cor
ner, the crowd did some more hissing.
Nothing but cheers greeted Carter's de
parture from the scene of fistic activity.
What Wand received was not a Joyous
ovation. '. • , ' /
It was a very small crowd that attended
these fights, which were easily the best of
the; present year. For fourteen rounds
Root and Carter fought like demons, the
former bringing into play all his clever
ness, science and. skill, the latter boring
away with a strenuous persistency and
ever swinging his fierce right and left for
head or body. Root -fought like a fast,
clean boxer, shifty and yet a forceful
hitter. Carter went at it hammer and
tongs and .he landed enough times on
Rqot's body- to take all the heart out of
the clever Chlcagoan. Though his face
fcore all the outward evidences of a pulp
like, churning, Carter fought on in true
gameness. '"This he possesses In overflow
ing- quantities and it .won him the fight
last night— along with the body tattoo
played upon Root's ribs and stomach.
These fierce blows of Carter were not to
Root's liking and when the most vicious
of them. all came stomachward the game
SWIFT AUTOS
ARE WHIRLING
ON TO BERLIN
Kaiser's Capital Excited Over
the Great Race and French
and German Flags Entwine
BERLIN", June 28,— The automobile raca
from Paris to Berlin is responsible for th«
fact thut for the flrMt time ulnce 1S7U
French and German flag* are p««cenbly
Hying together fh Berlin. Th© tricolor Is
seen In nearly every stand on tho hotels,
and it ha« even been raised over public
buildings. Tho French and Herman flag*
are intertwined over the gate of the bar
rucks of the crack guard corps, whtr*
som« of tho competing uuto cur* will bo
housed to-morrow.
The- entire city of Berlin Is agog with,
excitement about the race. Tho contest
ants tiro duo here to-morrow. Huts ar«
freely made on tho winner, and M. Four
nier Is the favorite. The police ot Berlin
are to-night mailing extensive prepara
tions to hiindlo tho Immense crowds who
will wltncsa the finish of the contest and
to avoid collision* and accidents. There)
are thousands of visitors In Berlin from
outside points and two extra trains hav«
arrived from Paris, bringing those Inter
ested in the event.
A succession of minor accidents marked
the middle stage of the race. A petroleum
motor blew up while approaching Dusael
dorf- and its occupants were slightly In
jured. Count de Perlgord, the fourth
racer to arrive at Alx la Chapelle. was so>
seriously ill from the strain that he has
been compelled to abandon the contest.
AIX LA CHAPELLE, June 2S.-Sev
enty-three motor cars completed the first
stage of the automobile race between
Paris and Berlin yesterday and started
again at a o'clock this morning for Han
over, 276 miles distant. The racers started
from here in the same order in which they
arrived. • -..•
HANOVER, Prussia,' June 23.— Fournier
was again first to arrive at the end here
of the day.'s stage of the motor race. De
Huff was second and Glrardot was third.
J ournier thus adda to the Grand Duke ot
Luxembourg's prize, which he won yes
terday, the award offered by Hanover for
the quickest journey from, Paris to Han
over. . .• .-; **-t
-The weather was brilliant here to-day
and thousands assembled to witness tho
arrival cf contesting motor cars. When.
M. Fournier drove into the city at a high
rate of speed the band struck up the
Marseillaise" and the winner of the AIx
la Chapelle-Hanover event - was vocifer
ously cheered. The arrival of M. de
Orals • on . a car of German construction
was also heartily cheered. The competi
tors In the race .were given a banquet this
evening. ' j
ESSEN, Prussia, June 23.— An automo
bile competing In the Paris-Berlin race
ran over and seriously injured a child
near Ruhret. Rhenish Prussia, sixteen
miles north cf Dusseldorf.
was over and all the referee had to do
was to count ten. Carter did a ITMle more
and the referee gave the knocked-out man
thwdecMon.
The thirteenth round was the most ex
cltlngfiir tho Huht. Soon after tho gong
Hounded that brought the men together
Hoot found tho vulnerable point of Car
ter's chin and down went Carter. He re
mained on tho floor for nlno seconds, but
th«n w«nt at It again, recovering sutll
cltmtly to stay with the gume. Another
left-hand punch found its way toward
Carter's head and again he fell to the ring
floor, clinging to tho lnst count before he
wan on hln foot. Root evidently did not
like Carter's gamencsH, so he dropped on
IiIh kiw-r'H, claiming a foul after the bnttlo
hud been continued a very short time. The
rofcreo heedfd him not a whit, »o 'Root
got° up and fought, and when the round
was finished both men were hammering
away In unremitting fashion. In the four
teenth Carter was visibly weak and worn
and Hoot advanced step by step toward
the consummation of his night's labors.
In the fifteenth Carter showed a wonder
ful recuperation and he won by gameness
and a body blow that Root did not want
to see or feel duplicated. But the decision
makes him the loser, and in the histories
Root's name will be Inscribed as the vic
tor; • .
All went smoothly,* happily and satis
factorily in the Bcrnstein-Callahan fight
until at the end of the twentieth round
tho referee threw his finger at Callahan,
which meant that he was the winner.
Tho crowd thought otherwise, so Wand
was generally condemned.
This fight was unexpectedly close and
interesting. Callahan, a good, clean hit
ter with a dangerous right, proved himself
the better man of the two. although
Bernstein's work was aggressive and con
sistently performed. He landed with his
left repeatedly, cutting up Callahan's
face and giving him a few facial remind
ers that were in keeping with his pugil
istic occupation. But despite Bernstein's
aggressiveness. Callahan used a right
cross on a few occasions that put Bern
stein on his haunches and made, his back
ers reach to tear up tickets. In the
eighth round Bernstein was brought to
earth for the first time, but* when the
round was over he was on his feet fight
ing strong and gamely.' •
After this Callahan took Bernstein's
punches and waited to swing In his right.
In the eighth round there was a fierce ral
ly. • which ended ,only when the gong
sounded. Both men were in bitter earnest
and the crowd cheered them for their
work. Two, rounds later that wicked
right again found a resting place on
Bernstein's .chin, and eight seconds were
counted before he was on his feet.. Re
covering, he. fought the round out to a
good close. ' . -
And so these two feather-weights fought
their fight, always eager ' and always
earnest. In the thirteenth Bernstein had
things pretty much his own way after
administering a sharp rebuke with his
left on Callahan's chin, but took no ad
vantage of Callahan's temporory discom
fiture. Bernstein might have done better
if he ' had used his right occasionally.
During the entire battle he used his left
almost entirely. As a conclusion these
figlrters .let loose in a hotly sustained
rally. "Wand "fancied" Callahan; the
crowd wanted it a -draw.
: i Since Mexico' s mining law . of 1832 went
Into effect, more*. than 9000 mining titles
have been' issued.
MANY MOTJB-NERS FOLLOW
BEMAXKTS OP HERS. QWIN
Last Rites Performed by Loving
Friends of the Most Noted Call- i
\ fornian Woman.
• The fuiieral of ;Mrs. Wllftam Gwln took
place yesterday, afternoon from 'the fam
ily, residence, corner of Sacramento and
Hyde streets. The . Rev. Dr. Foute* : of
Grace Church conducted .the simple and
impressive Episcopal ceremonies.
The interment took place at Laurel Hill
Cemetery and many friends of the late
lamented Mrs. G win: paid their last re
spects.to her. ¦-./ ,
Colonel Mendel.- Irving. M. Scott, "Win
field S. Jones. Samuel G. , Murphy, Judge
James Thornton and Judge Garber : acted
as pall bearers. "
reunion of the councils of the Young
Men's Institute at Fernbrook Park on July
4 an unprecedented success the commit
tees In charge have spared no expense nor
labor.
D. J. O'Leary. grand first vice president
of the Young Men's Institute, will be the
orator of the day, And the remainder of
the exercises will be rendered by talent of
the first order. The dancing in the pa
vilion will be under the direction of W. A.
Hri'Hlln of Ignntlan Council No, 33, assist
ed by A. J, BuUlvnn of Golden Gate Coun
cil No. 31 and R. A. Cahalln of Portala
Council No. 470 and the following members
of the floor committee:
Dr, Joseph i, Richards, Thomas J. Mahnn«y,
flamuei a, White, J. V. Keefan, P, J, Law
ler. Matt Carroll, Humphrey Oallafher. i>r. C.
J, McCarthy, J&mot A. Htrntn Jr. and It. M.
I tu it y. '
The reception committee will be com
posed of tho following:
T. J, l!enn«f«ey, l<\ A, ICemeler, Oftonra M.
Kelly, W. O"Drl«n. J. ». Quacn, 6. P. K M r<*.
M. J. Collonan, V. J. Crow* t.n<l Charle* l>.
O'Cennor.
Tho genoral committee of arrangemonts,
composed of mimbem of the board of
management of tho Hun Francisco coun
cils, includes tho following representa
tives:
13. li. Thomas, rut preitldent: Plone«r Coun
cil No. 1-P. J. llflgiui, Kobert Tobln; Mb
nlon Council No. 3— m. J. Connerton, K. J.
O'ltourHe, J. if. romyns; Wnxhlngton Council
No. 4— O. A. SuHlvun, ttennln Barry: Ban
Francisco Council No. 7— C. D. de Andrea*. M.
T. Itellly; Golden Oate Council No. 34— John
A. Dunlenvy. A. J. Bulllvan, D. E. HayJen;
Ignatlan Counqil No. 35— W. A. Breslln, A. J.
JXinovan, Luke Carroll; Columbia Council No.
63 — GeorRe K. Devlne; Cathedral Council Jfo.
6*— w. Chester Keogh, Thomas F. Ryan; Phil
Sheridan Council No. 72— J. Harry Plnkham;
Potrero Council No. 74— Edward CDonnell;
Strossmayer Council No.. 460— M. T. Creaalia;
Portala Council No. ' 470— R. A. Cahalln: Yorke
Council No. 508— T. J. KInney; Saleslan Council
No. 565 — J. M. Campodonlco. (J9g5S
COMMITTEES COMPLETE
. PK0GEAMME FOR PICNIC
Leave Nothing "Undone to Make tho
7. XI. I. Reunion a
Success.
'In their efforts to make the picnic and
"Jack" Roberts, the pugilist, and others,
charged with manslaughter In causing the
death of Billy Smith (Murray Livingston
of Philadelphia) aa the result of a boxing
contest on April 22. at National Sporting
Club, began to-day at the Old Bailey
court. The Jury in the first trial disa
greed. . •¦-". < ,
The public prosecutor explained that 'the
prosecution was undertaken with the view
of stopping future competitions of the
kind, rather than with the view of pun
ishing the defendants. Among the wit
nesses called for the defense was the
Earl of Lonsdale. He said he had been
associated with boxing for twenty-five
years. Queensberry rules, prevailing at
the National Sporting Club, minimized the
danger of boxing contests. At the close
of the testimony all the defendants were
acquitted.
LONDON, June 28.— The second trial of
English Pugilist Who Caused
the Death of Billy Smith
of Philadelphia. Is Acquitted
JURY DECIDES
JACK ROBERTS
IS INNOCENT
YACHTING NEWS
OF THREE CLUBS
To-day and to-morrow are open dates
on the schedules of the three yacht clubs.
But. as the tide begins to flood at 3:10 this
afternoon and runs out till 3:52 p. m to
morrow,* many of the yachtsmen wla
doubtless cruise this evening to various 1
points on the upper bay, returning to
morrow.
Several of the yachts failed to reach the
rendezvous at Mare Island last Saturday
because they were becalmed In Richard
sons Bay or above Raccoon Straits. The
sloops Nixie and Genesta arrived at Val
lejo about 8 p. m., and the yawl Royal a
few minutes later. The schooner Wave
did not get up to Vallejo till nearly mid
night, and the sloop Thetis came to an
chor about 2:30 on Sunday morning. Most
of the yachts got under way shortly after
& o'clock on Sunday morning, though the
sloop Nixie, the schooner Chispa and the
yawl Royal did not make a start till two
hours later. The schooner and the yawl.
In company with many of the San Fran
cisco and Corinthian yachts, were be
calmed off California City, and wero
towed to their moorings by the launches
Crescie, Envoy, etc.
The San Francisco Yacht Club will lose
Its measurer In a few days, as H. O. Toll
is going to Chicago to reside. There la no
longer any doubt about a race for the
Perpetual Challenge Cup, a challenge
having been received by the secretary of
the Corinthian Yacht Club. It was
first sent by the Vallejo Yacht Club
to Orlo Eastwood, secretary of the Paclflo
Interclub Yacht Association, and. was re
turned by him with the information that
E. Brickell Is tho proper person to be ad
dressed. Believing that a challenge would
be at once sent to the Corinthians, the
San Francisco syndicate decided to post
pone building from their Crownlnahield
plans until late in the year or early In
1902. The challenge has now been sent in
the proper form to Secretary Brickell and
will certainly be accepted.
A. E. Chapman's sloop Helen cruised
down to Tlburon last Saturday, and had a
brush with the Corinthian sloops Aeolus
and Truant, both winners of Macdonoush
cups.
A new mainsail and a single Jib bav*
been ordered for tho sloop Royal, as one
of the two Jibs was torn In last Satur
day's cruise and had to be patched up to
complete the trip.
As the Fourth falls this year on, a Thurs
day, it does not offer an opportunity for a
prolonged cruise. July 4, 6, 6 and 7 are open
on all the programmes except that of the
California Yacht Club, which holds the
annual race for the Wallace trophy on
the Fourth. Vice Commodore B. F. Sa
gar's sloop Edna at present holds the cup,
but it is thought that John T. Carrier's
nloop Jesnle E will be a dangerous com
petitor. The sloops Pactolus and Thelma
will also enter, but the sloop Oenesta,
formerly owned by ex-Commodore E. N.
Walter and named Embla. Is now on the
roll of the Corinthian Yneht Club. J«sst«
E, after winning the class flag 1a«t year,
was beaten in the Wallace trophy race,
her owner having changed her sail-plan
in the hope of increasing her *pe«d. Tnla
season he has restored her to her former
trim, mid ha« high hopes of winning the
trophy
Swimming at Sutro's.
Following nro the untrles for Sunday's
swimming eventa at Sutro Oaths: ,
Fifty-yard daiih <Jimnl!»«>— A. Nm», a
P«i*y. E. Van . WlnkU. C. H-tty. O. W .<¦£
O. French. K. Clmich. II. McKtnalo. F. %'<x\n~.
A. iMHnir. O. MoClur». J. Lury. A. n*M. V
jviiiiami. A. Thompion, r, Uuttarworth, j.
McManttf, W. fitockton, C. Maaon. 0. Ander*
son, W. Connen. T. Haker, «. rn«mnnt. M.
noch«. II. Itoln*. C. Crl»t. It.. Vrctmiin. O.
Cautllcld, X). (•"Trill, J. Adama. C l>yon», u
Perkins. J. ETa»my, V. Bundburg, J. DuxRn.
t>. Miclcsl.
Under water »wlmmln* contMt (free for all)—
D. Chase. 11. Lelcken, S. Flnnlgan. A. IVrk*
P. .laniwn, O. Lockwood. P. McOarmld. J
O. Brien. D. Harridan. K. Klpp, J. Eraatnr,
It. Orundy, R. Buckley.
One-hundrcd-rard race (amateurs)— W. Car
roll, 11. Mitchell. C. Fredericks. R. Corrtell I*
Haywards, J. Rlngrose, n. RUlln«. I A Boudln.
W. Fisher. F. Crowder. A. Hay. H. Oouicherty
C. . Harne*. C. Augustus, O. Irvin*. H. Lflck
en, J. Rogers. W. Ollbert. J. Bevlnn. I* Han
lon. O. Lowenberff. J. Schustro, O. Beyeni. H
Dodson, D. Raymond, O. Schultz. • T. Wolfe
S. CTayton. "W. Cook. L. Scott, W. Dawsett.
G. Rollins.
Spring-board diving ¦ (trick and fancy) — P.
Louis, G. Kelber, S. Flnnlgan. T. Cochran^.
J. A. Jackson, M. Floatle. F. Muller. O.
Thomas, J. Dwyer, "W. • Carman, E. Wlnfleld.
H. Wilson. J. Annacost. P. I^rnkwood. C.
Duke. W. Guild. W. Gorman. T. McKlllop. J.
Stelljes. O. Mlsner.
-High diving for boys, and tub race; three
prizes— Open to all.
Compliment General Young.
A band concert was tendered General S.
B. M. Young-last evening a% thd Occiden
tal" Hotel by the Forty-eighth Infantry.
The band was brought from the Presidio
in carriages and the concert was' given in
the parlor 'of the ¦ hotel. The programme
was as follows: *
Overture. ."Poet and Peasant" (Suppe);
chorus. "The Tounfr British Soldier" (Kipling):
sclo. basso. "Old Black Joe."- Corporal C. Wil
son and chorus: song. "My Old Kentucky
Home," Corporal ,W. J. Wilson and chorus:
selection. "Marltana'V (Wallace): song. "In
Sunny Tennessee." S-rseant Peterson and
chorus: solo and choru». "Kabul River" - (Kip
ling),-Sergeant Major Minor and chorus; song.
"In the Evenlngr by the Moonlight.". Corporal
W. J.; Wilson and chorus; selection, "Tann
bauser" ¦ (Wagner).
UNSATISFACTORY DECISIONS
FOLLOW TWO FAST FIGHTS
Root Wins on a Foul in' Fifteenth Round — Cal^
,. lahan Gets the Decision.
DENVER, Juno 23.— Thn meeting now
lu progroHrt here, Ih tho moat euccosaful
from every ntnminolnt; over held In the
Stiitu. Tho crowds Iiuvo lieon phenomen
ally InrRo, -Hoclety especially being, cx
trenicly, lavlnh. lu Mtn patronage. Tho
newly organized Overland KiwIhk Ahso
clatlpn ¦ hn» epnrvil ' neither trouble , nor
expense to mnko the meet a go, -even IC
It only "break! oven" at tho end. lilbernl
]iur«<'H havo been hung up,.four books and
nn auction box have more thnn they ean
attend to nnd many of the flnlshcn In tho
harneifH arid runnlnp events lmvu boon 6t
the sensatlonul order.'
Callfornlann nro liberally represented,
the Derby on tho opening Ony falling to
8am Murrlwcther'a follow Me, a. 15 to 1
shot In the books. Tho. tradk was slow
and the gelding went to the post practi
cally friendless. Unfortunately for Merrl
wether ho did rot arrive In time to have
a bet on his horse, and Trainer "Mooae"
Taylor figured the winner a 100 to t 1
chance. Thrncla, owned by "Bone-doctor"
Robblna, started In this samo event, but
the high altltudo got In lt» deadly work,
for she was never a contender, i . .¦ '¦¦
Foul Play, owned by Bowley & Nichols,
has hooked up on different occasions with
the sprinters here, but to date has failed
to wear a set of. winning brackets. •
"Curly" Shields has also played in rath
er poor luck with his stable, consisting of
Jerid and Nullah, neither as yet taking a
purse. Both have been exceedingly ¦ un
fortunate In getting away from the post.
Mike Hennessey is doing the riding for
Shields, and his saddle work would Indi
cate the rider to be on the retrograde.
Both- sprinters ..will be shipped to Mon
tana at the close of the meeting.
The riders here are a very ordlnary.lot.'
Jones, a Texas boy,, who last year was t
suspended at Windsor for "placing" Mas
ter Mariner, a CC to 1 shot, but later was
reinstated, is in a class by himself. He
ls:as good a post rider as Eddie Jones,
and uses far better judgment during the
progress of a i ace.. ¦ Ellis, who managed
to get. in trouble for a ride on Topmast
two seasons ago In California, Is about
the next best. . . •. ;•:. • • \ .
Billy Durfee, the Los Angeles driver,
met with a streak of bad luck yesterday.
He had- Charley Me, a son of McKinney,
keyed up and cherry-ripe for the 2:17 class
trot, but a disastrqus "jimmy" at the first
turn in- the opening heat put him out of
business. - Durfee ran his horse for over
three furlongs to get inside the flag, but
despite a very" eloquent argument the
judges declared Charley distanced. Be
tween heats he worked a mile better than
2:15, and - the purse' eventually • won by
Dudie Egmont would have been a gift for
him.- •
The free-for-ull>trot, decided on Satur
day last, saw but two score down for the
word. Toggles (2:09>4) and Stamboulette
(2:10ii), both Californians. Toggles has
been going lame in his work, and Van
Bbkkelen took three • easy heats with
Stamboulette. In the second heat the lat
ter horse threw a shoe just before the
word was given, but went on and trotted
a- splendid race as if nothing had hap
pened. • ' ¦ ' ' ' -> ¦ * ¦ -.-.'•
. Listerine, .a crankygaited mare, . also
trained by the Fresno turfman Charles
Clark, was a starter in the 2:17 trot yes
terday, and after capturing the first heat
and twice finishingr third' had' the. red
bunting, flashed in her face. . . .
• The starting has , been I performed by
Dick Havey," and in the main. his work
has been good.' He leaves this week for
Butte and his engagement will be filled
out by .S. G.- Morton. . V v .- ~ ..-•
..^d'^Gaylord,- tho^", local *v harness ..hgrse
owner and- vice • president of. the associa
tion, has two grand" three-year-old Stein
way colts -In Frank 'Dale and Lee" Craw-,
ford. One day last week the former jogged
home for the first heat of -a- stake and
then met with a peculiar accident. Driven
back to the stand, Driver Johnny Blue
had just been excused by the judges when
the colt took fright at something- in thei
crowd and rearing up fell back , on hla
driver. For a time the youngster was
partially paralyzed, but he is gradually
rounding to.
Wally Weaver, the ex-rlder and well
known on the coast, Is clerk of tho scales
at Overland Park. N . *.
F. E. MUL.HOLLAND.
/ Turf Notes.
Jockey Shaw could not have been so
badly hurt ' as it 'was first reported, for
Thursday he won the Spring Stake :for
two-year-olds on. Chilton.
Eddie Jones, the crack from the Burns
& Waterhouso stable; started ln s th<5, first
race at Washington Park Wednesday. He
was beaten a head by Terminus, the colt
which ran second to Robert Waddell In
the Derby last Saturday. In tho same race
Waltcr.Jennlngs started his fast daughter
of Fannie LiOulse-AndriBa.' but she failed
to Show. Among the other horses well
known here last winter who started at
Chicago the same day were Hard Knot,
Silurian, Isallne, St. Wood, Toah, Rollick,
Alee. Saintly, Antigone and Ople.
Terry McGovorn'B younper brother hns
had several mounts at Washington Park,
A great many California favorite
"Knights of tho Pigskin" are rldlnsr at
Washington Park. Among them are Bull
man, Domin'ck, J. Woods, Coburn, Jack
Martin, W. See, Alexander Rutter and
Howell. .
Spencer and Turner left immediately
after the Dorby Saturday and are now rid
ing on tho Now York tracks.
At tho recent yearling sale from Rancho
del Piibo 201 heud wore Bold for the large
Bum of $233,1)25, or an nverago of $11G3 CO
psr head. The largest price paid for one
of the lot wan for tho colt by St. Gntlen-
Turmoll, which wan knocked down to the
bid of Sidney -Panfflt for $13,000. Pngot
Btarted off v.-lt ha bid of $2.'>00.
Gcssip and Comment of Daily
Events on the Ccurses in
the Middle West. ancl|East
LIVELY RACING
MEET AT THE
DENVER TRACK
BASEBALL, TURF AND AUTOMOBILE RACING SPORTS
Wilbur -Kyle of San Diego and Ed Stolle of This
City .Will Meet in Several Races/ I
YOUTHFUL SWIMMER OUT
FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP
FRISCO TAKES
SECOND GAME
OF THE SERIES
Legislators Make Errors and
Stricklctt Was Easy fcr
HanVs Team of Hiters
San Francisco 8, Sacramento 4.
Ban Francisco won yesterday's came
through ability to land on 8trlrk!ott'««'d«
llvery and tb«« numennia error* of tho
I^Klriatnrn. The local nino jrnvo "Chlm
ml<» <\cr Whale*" faulUeaa aupport Court
nej. J>oylo nnd MrT^niiRhlln plnycd tho
ram**, Th«» Ualnnce* of tlio team upemcd
dcmornllxcd, Fr-Uowlnir i^ I he ru-orc:
BACRAMKNTO.
An. n. me. an. !•<"». a. n.
IVvereaux. m 4 0 2 1 S 1 2
McLaughlin, If 4 o o o 3 <• n
<*nuMnpy, 2b 4 110 2 7 0
Iv>yl». lb 4 1 2 1 u % 0
McOucken, cf 3 110 10 0
Mrlcklett. p 3 0 0 0 3 11
Stanley, c 4 110 0 10
Phcrhan. 8b 4 0 10 14 1
Carter, rf 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Totals 53 4 » J 27 17 S
BAN FRANCISCO.
xn. n. mi. sb. ro. a. e
Croll. cf 2 110 2 10
Hlldebrand. if 5 1 1 0 8.0 0
F^hwartx. 2b 4 2 1112 0
Pabst. lb 6 1 2 1 It 0 0
Krug. tit.. R 1 0 0 3 4 0
Xordyke. rf 3 0 1110 0
Rellly. 3b 4 0 113 10
Graham, c 4 110 2 10
Whalen, p 3 10 0 12 0
Totals 83 8 8 4 27 11 0
HITS AND RUXS BT INNINGS.
Bacramento 0 0 0 0 0 • 2 0 2 — 4
Base hits 20100030 2-«
Ean Francisco 000201SO 0— S
Base hits 01011140 0—8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Stricklet 2. Whalen 4.
Two-base hits— Croll. Pabst. Hlldebrand.
Ftanley. First base on error? — San Francisco 5.
First base on called balls — Sacramento 2, San
Francisco 1. Left on ' bases — Sacramento 4,
Fan Francisco 6. Struck out— By Stricklett 1. by
Whale-n 2. Hit by pitcher — Nordyke, Schwartz.
CVoIl. I>ouble plays — Courtney to Devereaux to
IViyle: Doyle to Devereaux: Sheelian to Doyle
to Sheehan. Time of frame — One hour and
forty minutes. Umpire — Tyler. Official scorer —
McFarlane. >.*•-"/'
Hodson in Rare Form.
LOS ANGELES. June 28.— Hartwell
grave three bases on balls in the first and
four in the second Inning to-day. Hodson
•was invincible. Score:
LOS ANGEX.ES/ - -'
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bmckhoff. r. f 4 0 2 0 110
Reltz. 2b 5 0 1 0 2 5 0
Householder, c. f.... 4 1 0 0 0 0 0
f-pies. c 4 0 1 1~ 6 10
Uutchlnson, 1b 2 0 0 0 12 2 0
n^illy Sb 4 0 0 0 1 " 3 0
Kelly, s. 6 4 1 0 0 2-6 2
TV>*man. 1. f 2 110 2 0 0
Hartwell. p 2 0 0 0 0 1 1
tBriseno 1 0 0 0 0-0 0
Totals 22 3 6' 1 *26 19 3
?Patted fcr Hartwell in ninth Inning. *Dun
leary out, hit by batted ball.
OAKLAND.
AB. B. BH. SB. PO. A. EL
Dunleavy. 1. t 8 2 0 0 4 0 1
Prennan, c. f 4 12 0 10 0
Ftreib. lb 5 0 0 0 14 0 0
Babbitt, r. f 3 0 0 2 0 0 0
Arrellaneg, 2b 4 10 0 2*1
Francks, e. e 6 0 0 0 3 1 0
Lohman. c 4 110 12 0
Moore. 3b 3 12 0 2 10
Hcdson. p 3 12 0 0 10
Totals 84 7 7 2 27 14 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 2—3
Bare hits 1 0 10 0 0 11 1— S
Oakland '. Sill' 011» 0—7
Bare hits 20111020 0—7
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits — Spies. Drennan. Moore. Sacri
fice hit — Hartwell. First base on errors — Los
Angeles 2, Oakland 2. First base on called
balls— Off Hartwell 8. off Hodson 6. Left on
bases— Los Angeles 8. Oakland 8. Struck out—
By Hodson I. by Hartwell 3. Wild pitch—Hart
welL Time of game — 2:00. Umpire— Graves.
m
Ilctes of the Game.
Charley Doyle guarded the intial sack yes
terday and played his usual rood game. His
pJek-up of Sheehan's poor throw In the first
was Fensatlonal.
Captain Pabst vented his anger by throwing
Ms bat aff&lnst the erand stand fence. Um
pire Tyler refused to take his word that the
ball he batted struck his "Trilby."
of the teams:
Won. Lost. Cent.
Pan Francisco 32 25 .562
I,i « Angeles 27 25 .619
Mcrament!) 2« 2S .481
Oakland 25 Z2 .438
Thursday and Frfday is Bet apart for the
fair sex and they are admitted without etand
'.r.c up the box office. There was quite a. del
< c-i*!< n at yesterday's ramp.
Errorlers ball an4 timely battlr.K ha* given
the Germans a high standing with the "fans."
Devcreaux chlded "l!nhappy Joe" McGucken
for allowing Ftrlcklett to be tagged out at
third. MrGueken answered back and "BUI"
S.-...1 nice thine* under his breath. There was
no knockout. »
If Sacramento dors not remove lta unlucky
streak, the tallfndpm will pass them In the
rf" for the pennant. The Legislators seem
to have loft their jrrlp. With Hanlon back In
(hi> same and a shakeup amon* the players,
th* Capital nine should take a turn pennant
wnrfl.
"Drick" Devrrcaux 1* the moet daring base
runner In the league. lie taken a bis Iced off
a Iipc and generally steals hli base.
barter dropped one that fell right Into his
mitt. He uses a catcher's glove, too.
Hlldebrand is leading the German element
In liattlng.*
Courtney Is foremost In the league In bat
tlnc While In the Southland he batted like
a fiend, but whenever he appears In thin city
he is lucky to net a single.
Eagan did' not go to Los Angeles with the
Puds*. HIh foot In Mill weak and he will not
he In the frame until the next series.
Oiarlle Uellly has brought tuck to the An
pi'.t-. Hince taking command nf the team he
na» won to far seven out of nine games,
",Io*h" Ueilly made a Jerry Denny stop be.
fc!nd the third bag and threw to flmt In great
*tyle. •;
The legislator* can Mama themselves for
ye>terday's defeat, Their fielding was out
rageous,
Whsltn strained his weak ankl* In th»
»*venth. end it was thought h« would ha,v«
to retire, but tt was nnty * momentary pain.
V.vttft* warmed up In th« bark alley, but was
tint riffded. Jwme* jiitrhetj th" rums out,
rUrlrkim r>i«>'« Indlfffrfnt ball At tlm«n,
wjitw-ver h" i'itr)ie» iw^jrlv h« boronim <\\*.
iM-ni, and iii" '.j.f.pinir battem d»» Hi- rest.
lllldet>ratid and f'mll w#r» doubled tip three
time* yesterday. It was Mmply baseball tuck.
TvlT mnd«« a cotjpl* of poor decltnlorn yea
iTdsy and rer*-lved his due in hrotn.
A *mal1 hny jiokrd his fare through a knot
hnt* nnd cast n«;.--n Inn on th« umpire,
:.I. T.nuelilin |>loys n irreftt fle|i1ln«T ram". If
h» cnuli otily "stick" better he would be val
unWe m the Natlonnl ly-ague.
"Hf-lney" Krug took *vprythlng that •came
Ms way and a few that didn't.
Mc*Jurkrn in suffering from a sore wing, and
Xj1s throwing 1* necessarily weak.
TInnlon Is r.n<11y missed by the legislators.
Doyle and Moeklman are the two best util
ity men in th»> league. They can twirl and
play in evy position with credit to their teams
and themselves.
Whslcn has excellent control and the game
In ernrrally a fsst one when he Is In the box.
TENNIS GAMES
AT PHILADELPHIA
PHILADELPHIA. June 28.— The prin
cipal event of the Woman's National
Championship tennis tournament to-day
was the final round between Miss Marlon
Jones of Nevada and Miss Bessie Moore
of Ridgewood, N. J.. in which the latter
came out the victor. In the first two sets
Miss Jones played by far the stronger
pame and in spite of the swift and well
f)!aced drives of her opponent kept a good
ength ahead and allowed Miss Moore only
five games in the two sets. The third and
fourth sets, which went to Miss Moore,
were more evenly contested. In the fifth
and deciding set It repeatedly seemed as
though Miss Jones would have to default,
as she appeared to be almost exhausted
from the heat. Miss Moore kept up her
strong- game ana" won the set, 6-3, and the
match, three sets to two.
In the men's singles. J.-W. Clothier, the
local champion, beat R. D. Little of
Princeton, the intercollegiate champion.
Barbers and . carpenters are both
shaver*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL,, SATURDAY, JUNE 29, 1901.
SAN DIEGO SWIMMER WKfo
"WILL, * RACE -WITH STOLLE
OP SAN FRANCISCO.
5A young fellow ' of Binghamton' received the con
tents.of two barrels of _ a. shotgun,, in his, bpdy the
other night for persistently annoying, ; in ; • company
witlii. several; others,- :' a; .'newly v wedded T couple. V". The
annoying victim; seems qualified to" adopt the adage
that he who dances must pay the fiddler.
Qets a New. Eyelid,
Fourteen-year-old Joseph Cambardlel, of
187th street "Tand Arthur avenue, New
Tork/was provided with a new eyelid," at
the I Fordham" Hospital a ; few '; days » agp.
The boy ¦ was rborn ' with r,a; deficient left
eyelid, which' prevented him from winking
or s entirely :closing liis 'eye: '"As he/began
to grow the. boy,,' felt: sensitive the
physical ; defect, : which}he' T thought would
become more embarrassing as he/grew
older. -His family recently decided to have
an operation: performed to overcome the
unpleasanf effects of this deficiency. ¦
The other day ; he went to Fordham Hos
pital, where Dr/ Hlggins cut a piece of
skin about : an inch ? square from ; his 'left
cheek, , which he applied • to the lad's eye
lid. > The-" surgeon in cutting the skin'al
lowed; one", end. of it to .'remain' lntactson
the cheek to continue the nourishment Cof
the rest of the fragment, which he swung
around -so as\ to ! form an eyelid. ; Deftly
sewing the': skin to the boy's eyebrow and
eyelid, ; : the l surgeon :¦ lei * lessf 1 than
"minute's - provided ;the". youth ..with ; a (per
fectly "modeled .eyelid,': which JwiU'r hence4
forth enable, him towihk at will and close
his ; eye\when' he": choose8.1SS^^aHMH
Californians in Washington.;
-WASHINGTON, June 28.— The. following
Californians have registered at the hotels:
Metropolitan— Franklin ; Brooks; Johnson
—Miss , Nora Ellis; Ebbitt— W.' S. Jordan;
St. James— John S.Davis.all of. San Fran
cisco; M. B. Hudson.' Palo Alto.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, June 28.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— A.. E. Barker, at the Grand
Union; G. A: Chamberlin, at the Norman
die; A. F. Coffin, E. L. Dow, at the Man
hattan; G. Hsfy, at the^ Grand. -Union; J.
Marsh, at the Savoy; J.S. Potter, at, the
Nbrm?uidie;"'E.' Tutt, at. the Grand Union;
Mrs. K ' H. jSVhite, j at', the Normandle : F.
Boruch, at- the Holland; Mrs. W.J. Cos,
tigan. at the 'Manhattan j J/ H. Keller, j at
the Bartholdi ; , L.. D. Owens, a.t .' thfe :Hoff
man; Miss V^Ajid, at the Herald; Square;
Mrs.'C. M. Battes, at the Gerard; Miss A.
C. MbuUy, at the Herald ' Square. . From
Los Aneeles— H. P. Weed, at the Impe
rial. : r. ' • . ; : : . ":¦
TWO FIRES— E. M., City. The'nre
which ¦ destroyed the building on Post
street occupied by the Olympic Club and
O'Connor, Moffatt & Co.,- occurred June
20, 1683, and the Bancroft building on Mar
ket-street was destroyed April 30, 1S86-
The Fire Department was not called out
to extinguish any fire on the 30th of
March, 1886.
PRESS AGENT— 1. B., City. The duties
of a press agent are to" prepare for the
press such matter as his employers deslra
him to arrange for the newspapers. In
some lines of business It Is | the duty of
the press agent to prepare advertisements,
in others it Is his duty to furnish the
newspapers with advance notices, and to
keep the press posted as to future events.
'CARTOONIST— C- W., Oakland. Car
toonists, like poets, are born, not made.
That particular branch of drawing can
not be imparted by an instructor. There
are a' number of Individuals who teach
drawing, but this department cannot ad
vertise them. -If one has the ability to
draw ahd has- the gift off . making funny
pictures/ he will, by his own application,
become a cartoonist..
CRIBBAGE— Last week two questions
in crlbbage were received by this depart
ment, and we.reglven.to The Call's card
expert for . solution. One was "A con
tends that three treys : and. a pah\of sixes
in, cribbage. count 14, - while- B claims that
they count 18."' The other was, "A "says
that 'three 'deuces . arid two nines in ' crib
count 14, while B' says that they count
but 12." In ; placing the ' answer 1 on .the
questions asked the 18 count was written
on the \ question relating to the count of
12, and that of "the count of 12 was. writ
ten on the one relating to IS.. Three treya
and \ a _'. pair "of sixes s count " 18 and . three
deuces and. a: pair.'of- nines ; counts 12. .'As
this 'department aims to be'as nearly cor
rect in air things as possible it makes this
explanation. BSSHSBiffllBmffil
POPULATION— T. M., Somerville, Cal.
The population of Ohio, . according to the
census of 1900, was 4,137,545, of Massachu
setts . 2,805,346 and of Iowa 2,231,853. In
crease in ten years: ' Ohio 455,116, Massa
chusetts 548,399, Iowa 319,556.
THE JERSEY LJLY— E. M. M. M., Oak
land, Cal. Emelle Charlotte Lillie Lang
try, known as "the Jersey Lily," is the
daughter of Rev. W. C. le Breton, Dean
of Jersey/ She was born at St. Heller
on. the island of Jedrsey, in 1852.
ANSWERS; TO QUERIES.
A DATE IN MAY— A. I., City. The 3d
of May, 1869, fell on a Monday. : V :' ;
TEACHERS— Subscriber, City.' For in
formation relative to teachers seeking
employment in the schools of the Philip
pine Islands address the recorder, Univer
sity of California.
HEALERS — Constant Header, City.
"Magnetic healers" are, engaged in pri
vate practice, and as this' department does
not advertise any business or profession,
it cannot "mention a few of those healers
residing In' this' city." v.
SENATOR ELKINS of West Virginia has re
cently expressed the conviction that at the next
Congressional elections the Republicans will
make large gains in Alabama, -Tennessee, Georgia,
Louisiana, North ' Carolina and in parts of South
Carolina and Florida. . He expects these gains because
as he says: "The people of the South now appre
ciate the practical fact that business is business; sen
timent is giving away to business enterprise and busi
ness success."
The Senator went on to point out that the South
has remarkable resources for the development of all
sorts of manufacturing industries, and that the eyes
of the more intelligent have become opened to the
fact. Those men are. now bending their efforts to
profit by their 'advantages and by the favorable condi
tions established by the Republican policies of sound
money and protection. In the course of their efforts
they have been brought into conflict with the Bour
bon conservatives of -Democracy on the one side and
the Bryanite radicals on the other,, and will there
fore be forced to support the Republican party as the
only means of bringing prosperity to their section
as well as to the rest of the Union.. • . 'y ;;<
A different view of the situation is> taken by Sena
tor McLaurin of South Carolina^ who holds that the
new movement now going on in the South is essentially
a Democratic movement;' that, it does not imply a
drift toward Republicanism, butla revival of the poli
cies which were advocated by Democrats of old. In
a recent interview he said: "In' the speeches I. have
made on the subsidizing of our. merchant marine I
have called attention to the fact that the first subsidy
granted by this Government was:granted by a Demo
cratic administration in 1845 to the Collins line. It
was not a success, because the subsidy was not large
enough, but it was the same in principle. There is a
good Democratic argument. The Republicans have
simply stolen our platform. Are the Democrats
going. to allow -themselves to bV crowded off their
own platform by the .opposition;; party? I do not
think so'. Expansion was always a .Democratic
polity." • -¦- v'.v.vV'. , '
Referring to the rapidity with 1 which the Southern
people are coming back to; the" principles and policies
<ff the old-time Democracy, and are growing, in "favor,
of all legislation designed to build up American indus
try, he said: VWhen I address ah: audience in my
own State on the matter of subsidies I recall to them
that all of the industrial enterprises that have -been
started in their country were subsidized. They know
that this was done and they know the benefits that
have come from these enterprises. The people of the
South are not to be frightened by the talk of danger in
subsidies. They- know all about Ihem. -..There 'is. no
sectionof the country that will be-more benefited b"y
a great merchant marine than the South: i", The "cotton
REPUBLICANISM IN THE SOUTH.
TRANS-SIJ3ERIAN TRAVEL.
[ '. ; : — . ¦ ¦ . • ¦ •¦
, a .CCORDING to the Paris Herald, travel across
•/V Siberia- by. the new railroad is, to be. rendered
•* *- about as sumptuous as modern luxury can desire.
An organization known as the "Compagnie Interna
tionale des Wagon-Lits" has arranged to run once a
week what, is called a .."train de luxe" from Moscow
to. Irkoutsk in eight days, and.it is' announced that by
September the traveler will be able to make an un
broken journey from Moscow to the banks of the
Amur, except for- the crossing of Lake Baikal, by
these trains in about ten days.
A description of the,trains de luxe says they consist
of one first class sleeping. carriage, two second class
sleeping carriages, .a drawing-room and restaurant
carriage, and a wagon containing bathroom, with
shower, etc., a hairdresser's establishment,' a gymna
sium, and a compartment guarded by the head con
ductor and containing a number of fire and burglar
proof safes. ,The keys are given to passengers having
jewels or valuable documents which they desire to
place in security. The carriages are fitted up with
every device that can add to the comfort of the trav
eler. Each compartment contains two places with an
adjoining lavatory.
We are given the further information that the cars
are lighted by electricity, they contain a well-stocked
library and a. piano, and the conductors can each of
them speak several languages: The time table for the
route at the present time is thus given: Paris to Mos
cow, two days; .^ Moscow to Irkoutsk, eight days;
thence to Strelensk, three days; the descent of the
Amur to Khabarovski, six- days; from that point by
rail to Vladivostok, one day; thence by, steamer to
Nagasaki • two 'days^rqaking ; r the , trip 'from j P.aris : to
Japan within twe'nty'-tvvb days. ' ; -The only uncertain
element in the time table is the descent of the Amur.
It is added. that; the Compagnie Internationale is
seeking railroad connections in. China, and that it may
soon be ' possible to travel from London to Peking
in fifteen days at a cost not to exceed $300.
r The arrangements for the comforts of travelers along
the route are npt to be confined to trains de luxe.' It
is announced that by 1903, when the. road will be vir
tually completed between Moscow "and Port; Arthur,
there will have been established a series of Hotels at
various ppints along the route at which travelers can
break their journey -and rest under surroundings as
comfortable as any to be found in; Europe! The se^
ries is to include a grand hotel at Peking, the site
for .which has been already purchased. ¦' ¦.-.,¦
In : these j. promises' there. may.- be s something; of
exaggeration,! but' th^y none the less' serve to show
that the trans-Siberian route is "soon to -be the
speediest and most comfortable way of making the
trip around the. globe; In fact, if the performance
comes anywhere near keeping up with the prospectus,
the Siberian ride wiir be' a pleasure trip in every sense
of the word; and Californians^wishing ' to- visit Paris
will go by the ; way of Vladivostok,' instead of New
York. , ;¦ " ;; :'::, :v :^. : -&*£ ';:>¦: • .: :
THIS is the period of great undertakings, in
which are used the latest findings of science
and experience. There are several schemes on
hand for the building of model cities. It is safe to
say that in such work the results of experience will
not cut much figure. There have been several model
cities founded in this country. The town of Grinnell,
Iowa, 'was laid off in lots and sold by its founder,
each deed containing a clause that forfeited title if 'liq
uors were sold on the premises. That Was supposed to
constitute a model town forty 3'ears ago, but Grin
nell began with prohibition and ended with Rev.
George D. Herron as a professor in its model col
lege.
The town of Greeley, Colo., began with the same
sort of prohibition, but is now known more for its
fine potatoes than its sobriety.
A model town physically may be only a moderate
town morally.
In its physical features a model town may be made'
or one already built may be transformed. The drain
age and streets of a city are subjects of primary im
portance. A model city will have its streets exca
vated to the lot line, and arched over, furnishing a
wide underground conduit for- carrying all sewer,
water and gas pipes, and electric wires. In such a
town there will not be an overhead trolley, telephone
or telegraph wire. The streets will be of the best
material on the arch as the best foundation. Where
the grades require it they will furnish proper footing
for teams. Such streets will deliver their surface
drainage into the pipes provided therefor in the wide
conduit beneath, and this will not be permitted to
mix with the sewage. The sewage will be converted
into "sludge," for a fertilizer, and its fluid parts will
be so chemically cleansed in the process that they
will not pollute the salt or fresh water into which
they are finally delivered. The dry and wet garbage
which constitutes city waste will be used economically
i"- making caustic soda and potash, fertilizers and
tiwn-absorbent brick. A common red brick absorbs
its weight in water and makes a damp wall. It is al
ready proved by works on a large scale in England
that of city waste a brick of fine appearance, and non
absorbent, can be made as cheaply as the red brick.
Now with such streets, conduits and care of the
noxious and innocuous waste of a crowded popula
tion, and with everything that disfigures below and
all that transfigures above ground, why will it not be
a model city? v '
Add parks and consistency and variety of architec
ture, and such a city would draw people from all over
the world. If the plan were cranky it would be at
tractive. If it proposed some statutory enforcement
of morals, manners or religion it would have a vogue.
Yes, if it let these objects of proper concern of gov
ernment go as they are now, slipshod and frazzled,
and proposed government ownership of utilities. that
are now better administered than they can be by
Government, the politicians would buzz-saw the air
in advocating it.
What it would do in this beginning, for all time, is
being done piecemeal and ineffectually and at as great
cost Streets are being dug up and then shabbily re
paired again to put down little conduits for electric
wires and to lay or repair water, gas or sewer pipes.
The surface drainage is bad, and a heavy rain floods
cellars, destroys property and by basement damp
imperils health.
All of this might be provided for in a roomy and
dry underground street, for the use of which private
corporations could be made to pay rent. It would
be lighted *by electricity and ventilated.
Ancient cities had catacombs under their streets,
and there stowed away their dead. Instead of death
this model city would have life below *its pavements.
How many millions would excavate the streets of
San Francisco, and how many millions of property
would be created by "filling the noisome flats with this
material?
MODEL CITIES.
IT IS not often that a man risks his life in the cause of
science, says a writer in the New York Sun. As a rule, no
one, would receive much praise for doing so, though there
are occasions when such an act is most. heroic and laud-
\ able. Perhaps there are not many to applaud the achieve
ment of Professor Matteucci, the distinguished Italian geolo
gist, who lived on the edge of the crater of Vesuvius for three
days last year." But all's well that ends well; and he escaped
with a whole skin.
The volcano resumed a very active phase nearly^flve years
before Professor MatteuccI went into camp on the outer edge
of the scene of disturbance. Vesuvius be^gan a new eruptive
period on July 3, 1895; ebullitions of greater, or less magnitude,
accompanied by a\ considerable flow of lava, were of frequent
occurrence' for about fif.ty months. At last, on September 1,
1899, the lava ceased to flow through the lateral fissure by which
it had escaped from the crater. At that time the; bottom of
the crater was 700 feet below the lowest part of Its rim.
r[ '.Fresh : supplies of lava began slowly to fill up the crater
again." On April 24, last year, the surface of the lava was
within about 260 feet of the crater edge. On that day another
period of violent activity began, lasting for an entire month.
No lava was discharged down the mountain side but some of
the explosions in the crater were terrific, particularly between
May 4 and 11, reaching a maximum on May 9. The noise of
the explosions was distinctly heard throughout a large part
of the Campagna. The Italian professor watched all the phe
nomena from the slope of the mountain and spent May 11, 12
and 13 at the crater's edse. , . . ,
It Is well known that the eruptions since the seventeenth
Century have greatly altered the contour of the mountain, and
that its central vent or crater has undergone, many, changes.
During the period of Professor' Matteucci's observations the
crater was enlarged in one of Its diameters about twenty feet.
It. measured at the top 164 metres, about 540 feet across from
northeast to southwest and 180 metres from east to west. The
flames produced by the sulphurous ; vapors were abundant;
PERSONAL MENTION.
• ' • ¦¦ ¦ . -
"W. A. Beard, a mining man of Orbyllle,
is at the Grand. . .
George S. Jones, a mining.man of Grass,
Valley, Is at the. California-
Colonel W. Forsyth. a big raisin grower
of FresnoUs at the Occidental.
E. S. Churchill, the well known banker
of Napa, Is a guest, at* the Palace.
S. N. Griffith, an extensive oil man and
leading attorney of Fresno, is at the Lick.
John Caffrey arrived in' the city yester
day from Southern California and is at
the Palace. .
R. E. Jack, an extensive landowner and
banker of San Luis Obispo, Is at the
Palace.
X. Farr, ex-Mayor of Ogden and an ex
tensive railroad contractor of that city,
is at the. Lick. .. . .. i
Assemblyman- George G. Radcliff of
Watsonville- arrived in the city yester
day and Is a guest, at the Grand.
many projectiles were hurled into the air, the highest altitude
attained being about 1800 feet above the bottom of the crater.
On May 9 the professor observed a block of unusual size
rising above the top of the crater. He happened to have his
watch in hand 'and found that the projectile was in the air
above Vesuvius seventeen seconds before It reached terra flrma.
on the slope of the mountain. He ascertained later that it
measured about twelve cubic metres and that its weight was
approximately thirty tons. "When it reached the earth it was
traveling at the rate of about three hundred feet a second.
It has been estimated that the force which propelled this mass
of rock high into the air was equal to 607.995 horsepower. The
volume of the solid material which was ejected from the crater
during the explosive period of April and May is estimated at
about 500,000 cubic metres; and In that time about thirty feet
were added to the altitude of the mountain.
It may.be- imagined that it was not extremely .pleasant to
linger in the immediate neighborhood of these' terrific occur
rences, but the daring man of science held his ground and did
not take bis departure until he had completed the observations
he had in view. The. wonder is that he was not killed. On the
last day of his sojourn upon the top of the mountain a period
of Intense violence succeeded a few hours of comparative calm.
The explosions In the crater were of great frequency, and the
geologist had the hardihood to see everything that was going
on. One extraordinary explosion caused a rain of fragments all
around him. 'Myriads of small bits of rock and red hot frag
ments of scoriae fell all around. Nobody knows how he had
the good ' luck to escape, for his entire outfit of baggage • was
destroyed excepting his camera. This instrument and its
owner "were all that escaped without a scratch.
The professor says that the spectacle of that boiling caul
dron of lava was a marvelous one. He has not. however,
undertaken to describe it, though he has written at length
upon the scientific aspect of the phenomena he observed, and
has made a special study of the nature of the materials that
were ejected from the crater.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
A British magistrate, on being informed
by a vagabond that he had no wife, re
sponded:. ""Well, that's a lucky thing for
her."
It was an American* lecturer who sol
emnly said: "Parents, you may have
children, or if not, your children may
h8ve."
It was a Scotchman who said: "Tha
butcher In our town does such a small
business that he only has to kill half a
beef at" a time."
At a prayer meeting in Vermont a pious
old deacon invoked a blessing dn a "poor
young man whose father Is a drunkard
and whose mother Is a widow."
At a negro b.all the doorkeeper, on betas
asked what "Not transferable" on the>
tickets meant, replied: "It means dat no
gentleman am admitted 'less he come his
self." .
It was a Kansas editor who wrote: "A
subscriber asks us whether the battle of
"Waterloo occurred before or after the dis
covery of America. We answer, it did."—
Chicago Daily News.
A Connecticut Yankee said he once raised
a pumpkin so large that eight men could
easily stand around it In a circle. Hlsi
statement was eaualed by the Hooster
who saw a flock of •wild geese flying so
low that he could almost throw a stone at
them. : EI3H
Italian , Geologist Peers Into the Seething Depths While Red-Hot Roeks
Shoot Aloft and Fall All Around Him.
DARINGLY OBSERVES TERRIFIC OCCURRENCES ON
VERY EDGE OF THE CRATER OF MOUNT VESUVIUS
OUR ALABAMA VISITORS.
ONE of the ladies visiting California -with the
"Alabama Press Association expressed her
gratification with the hospitality of the city
by saying, "You all are just like our people in Ala
bama." That is of course the highest praise an Ala
bama woman could give, and, by those 'who know
what Alabama hospitality is, no higher commenda
tion can be desired. -; ¦;.; ¦;'¦>••" . . .
We are indeed like one' another. That is the chief
glory and surest safeguard of our republic. We are
a homogeneous people. We can never be divided.
Wide as is the extent" of our domain and scattered
as our people are through every variety of climate
known to the temperate zone, none the less, whether
from Maine or Florida, Minnesota or Texas, we are all
alike in our Americanism, ahd the welcome of Cali
fornia for each and all is of such a nature as to make
them feel in very truth that they are at home
and among their own people.
In the universal dominance of genuine Americanism
there is nothing of a dull" uniformity. Like every
other people on earth, we are subject to the influences
of sun and soil, and to conditions of society in which
we are brought up. As a consequence there is just
enough of variety in the people of different sections
to make them mutually attractive to one another. It
is' not for nothing that we speak of "New England
culture," "Southern courtesy" and "Western vigor."
These ' phrases signify ¦ certain characteristics of the
people of the different sections, which distinguish the
one from the other and enable an observer to tell
almost instantly from what section of the Union any
individual hails. *
Our Alabama visitors, representing thebe'st types of
Southern society, have conferred as much pleasure as
they have received. It has been a genuine'happiness
to be the hosts of so gracious a company pf courteous
men. and charming women. They will carry back to
Alabama no memories pleasanter than "those they
leave with us. They seem to have brought .'with them
some potent Alabama charm to drive our fogs away.
We have haddays of sunshine for their entertainment,
and equally sunny will be all our recollections of their
visit.' : * — . ¦ -.--'•
KEE-Poisr T.T-TTTTjn — "Velly fine piecee machine, but no havee money chop-chop, no can workee."
... ? * —London Express.
£hat.was once sold by the planter for four or five cents
a pound raw now sells -for =20^ cents a pound in the
manufactured article, j: It. must be. transported across;
the sea to market. . If the ships that carry.it are with
drawn from, the service,; as they were in the Boer-
British war, freights will advance, the price of cottons
such as we make in the markets of thcworld will g»
up, and /the consumption will decrease. , The planter
will suffer. If we have a merchant marine under our
ow.n flag the freights will not increase and the mar
kets will, remain steady_ and profitable. The South is
more interested in this than- any other part. of the
nation, and the people know it."
Whether the progressive element in the South will
come to the support of the Republican party as Sena
tor Elkins expects, o*r remain in the Democratic party
and the Bryanites from control, will depend
mainly upon the issuesbetween the parties in the next
Presidential campaign, t Should the Bryanites , again
force a conflict over free silver or free trade, the intel
ligence of the South will be compelled to support the
Republican nominees. If, however, >1 the progressive
Southerners", can eliminate "Bryanism from national
Democracy, they may be able to continue in the Dem
ocratic ranks. It looks, however, as if Elkins would
be proven right. For Southern men. to support;Re
publican candidates will not be' hard when once they
have freed themselves from old prejudices, but to
cleanse' ; Democracy of Bourbonism and Bryanism ap
pears to be a well nigh impossible task. ;. ;
THE Brooklyn Eagle of June 9 devotes a page
¦to a rehash of the Examiner and Journal scares
over bubonic plagueyin San Francisco. The
writer signs himself "Mul," and the best evidence of
his disbelief of the story is his refusal to sign it with
his true name. \
He begins with a statement of thirty deaths alleged
to be due to the plague, and occurring in the period
March 6, 1900, to February 12, 1901. His descrip
tion of the first case may do for all: "Name, Wing
Chut King, aged 41 years. He stated to Wing Ging,
his brother, that he had been sick six months." After
treatment of a swollen gland in the groin this tough
Celestial; survived a month longer. If the plague of
lies and liars would only quit after a seven- months'
run, like this famous. slow coach case of Wing Chiit
King, California vfjpuld rejoice. . , : • - '
Mr. "Mill" then proceeds to a lurid description of'
Chinatown, which is characterized as "the foulest
spot on the American continent." He finds cause of
offense in the personal appearance of the idols in the
josshouse and the elocution of the actors in the Chi
nese theaters^ the "radishes a foot long" in the
stores, and the eight padlocks on the safe of the
Big Jim restaurant. All these adjuncts to the tale
are called in to reinforce the case of tough old Wing
Chut King; who, according to this therapeutic pundit,
stood off the plague for seven months and died of one
small bubo at last: Mul found "the prevalence of the
plague in this -dank, dark breeding place of pesti
lence, where San Francisco has .permitted human
beings to live in dens and underground burrows un
fit for beasts, in the midst of unsanitary conditions a
faithful description of which would give a rough turn
to a sensitive stomach. Indescribable filth! Reeking
atmospheres! Sickening squalor! Rotten, tumble
down buildings, even their foul, slimy cellars, way
underground, the habitat of humanity. Beyond all
question a breeding place for pestilence!" Then,
pray, why didn't it breed? This nimble falsifier de
feats his own purpose and spits in his own face and
calls himself a liar. . Granting the foul condition of
Chinatown, and its continuance unpurged during the
entire year in which the thirty alleged cases occurred,
does not. this son of Ananias see that if the plague
had been here under conditions so favorable to its
spread among the 30,000 Chinese in that quarter, in
stead of the thirty alleged cases there would have been
thousands?
California offers as the best evidence Of non
existence of the pestilence -the very conditions de
scribed by this vagabond compiler. Not content with
separating his premise of filth from his conclusion of
pestilence, this fellow represents the State authorities
as put under Federal compulsion to clean Chinatown.
This is a palpable falsehood. The Governor of Cali
fornia and the local authorities entered upon that
work with energy and have prosecuted it with suc
cess. The only news from the Federal authorities' has
been a false report of a plague. case in April, which
turned out to be not plague at all, and which those
highly praised officials refused to correct after admit
ting they were wrong."
The S.tate authorities have watched this attack upon
California with great solicitude. They have seen the
selection of intimates of Dr. Kinyoun and medical
favorites of rival overland roads put on Federal inves
tigating commissions, to find facts to fit the plague
theory of .our detractors and rivals. We have seen so
called "experts" sent here* who never. saw a case of
bubonic plague, dead or alive. And all this we have
endured with a degree of patience. But when a sheet
published in Greater New York, in the same issue in
which it editorially announces that the very water in
that city is so foul that a man dropped dead imme
diately after drinking- a glass of it, devotes a page to
slander of us, -we resent it. It has not even the ex
cuse of news enterprise, for the whole subject is as
stale as the seven-months-old bubo of Wing Chut
King. We resent being lectured and lied about by a
newspaper that is circulated in the tenement quarters
of the East Side, where children are born rotten and
where the moral and physical filth is so sodden and
dense, that beside it Chinatown seems like the Elysian
fields or the garden of Calypso.
SLANDERING THIS CITY.
THAT EXODUS OF FOREIGNERS
FROM THE CELESTIALS' LAND
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JIKNE 29, 1901.
SATURDAY .;.;......, JUNE 29, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Ittrttt AH CcEBCEieitlons to W. 8. LE AEE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. . . . v_'^lejlho^ie^JPjr«»iw_Jg<>4
FUBL1CAT1OX OFFICE... Market and Third, 8. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.. ...217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
--¦'•«¦* - ' ¦ . / - . ¦ • ¦¦
Delivered *? Carrier*. 15 C^i»« Per Week.
Stnsrle Coplea. 5 Cents. ./•'¦*,'.:
Terms bj- Mall. IndndlnR Postages _ ,
DXILT CALL Ondndinr Sum ay), one year... **¦**
DAILT CALL. <lnclu(3!nr Banflay). • months ».<»
DAILT CALL <inclndlnr Ennday). t. months....... 1.50
DAILT. CAl-L— By 6!nrl» Month 6S«
WEEKLT CAIX. One Te*r — • I- 00
All postmasters itre nntnorlsed to receive
¦nbserlptlons.
6as>pl* copies will be forwarded when requested.
Han mbaerlbcT* In erflerlnc chanre of addreaa ehcnld be
particular to {In both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to laser* * prompt and correct compliance -with their request.
OAKLA5D OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGrESS.
Ktrtger 7trtign Aircrtising, Karqnette Building, Ckieigo.
(Long- Distance Telephone "Centni 2a».")
1CKW TOR^: CORRKSPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTO.V Herald Square
JCEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH .*. 8O Tribune Building
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf 'Astoria Hotel; A, Brenta.no, SI Union Square:
Murray HU1 Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWB STANDS:
Sherman Honse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
r>»mrnt Houm: Auditorium HoteL .
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivoli— "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Under Two Flags."
Alcarar— "Ear>ho."
Grand Opera-house — "Fedora."
Central— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
©lj-mpia, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening:.
Fischer 1 s— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Sixteenth and Folsom etreets— Scientific Boxing, Thursday,
July 4.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
AUCTION SALES.
By W. M- G. Layng— Thursday. July 11, Horses, at i. 721
Howard street.
, Stop Diarrhae and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Slegert's Genuine Imported Angostura Bitter*. •
Quickest "Way to Yosemite,
•The Santa Fe to Merced and stage thence
via Merced Falls. Coulterville, Hazel Green.
Merced, Bis Trees, Cascade Falls 'and Bridal
Veil Falls to Sentinel Hotel. This gets you in
at 5 in the afternoon. - which Is ahead of any
other line and costs you less. Ask at 641 Mar-
ket" street for. particulars." • •
eral Agent. 831 Ma
Of flcial Route Christian Zndeavorsrs
to Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Burlington Route via Denver has been
selected as the official route. Through Pullman
Tourist Sleeping Cars to Cincinnati will leave
San Francisco July 1 at 6 p. m. Tickets on
sale June 30 to July 1; rate. $7$ SO for round
trip. July 1-2 we will sell round-trip tickets
to Detroit at $82 25; July 3-4 to Buffalo JS7:
July . 20-21 to Chicago $72 50. For sleeping car
berths call on or address VTj>X>. Sanborn. Oen-
Special information supplied daily to
business houses ami public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. .' •
¦ » ¦
So successful has been Inoculation
against cholera among , coolies employed
by. tea. planters In India that the natives
are now eager for the simple operation.
The planters have clauses In their con-
tracts calling for Inoculated coolies.
Best eyeglasses, specs., 10c to 40c. Look
out front barber and grocery, 81 4th. •
Cal. glace fruit EOc per lb at Townsend'a.*
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Call inbtcriben esBterapIatlng a. chance «f
rctldeaee £ni-lngr the summer months can bavn
tketr paper forwarded by mall to their new
Udreiin by notifying- The Call Business Office!
Tfcia pkper will also be an. aale a.t all lEmaei
••sorts ud ie represented by a, local agent la
•U tewaa «a the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWE FOR THE SUMMER.for the re-enactment of the Chinese exclusion
act at the coming session of Congress.
Want It Re-enacted.
7. That all labor organizations and central
labor bodies communicate with the President
of i the United States requesting that in his
messase he advise the re-enactment of the
Chinese exclusion act.
8. That petition blanks be submitted to
every newspaper In the State with a request
that they display and invite signatures to the
same, and that they be further requested to
print a petition blank in each issue for the
convenience of their subscribers.
9. That all citizens and white residents of
California be advised and strongly ursred to
record themselves as favoring the total and
perpetual exclusion of the Asiatic race and
the safeguarding for all time of the pristine
institutions of America.
The complaint of the Linemen's Union
regarding the working of linemen em
ployed by the city government in excess
of the eight hours required by the char
ter was referred to Labor Commissioner
Meyers for investigation. "
The International Brotherhood of Black
smiths will give a ball to-night at Teu
tonia Hall, 1322 Howard street.
The Milk Wagon Drivers' Union has
elected the following officers: President,
Joseph O'I>ay; vice president, S. J. Fuller;
secretary, Alex. Dijeau; treasurer. Philip
Shanzer; trustee, G. J. Young; delegates
to the Labor Council, A. Dijeau. J. E.
Crowley, Philip Shanzer and Edward
Burns; "business agent, Philip Shanzer.
SEEKS TO RESTRAIN WAITERS.
The action instituted by Mathias John
son to restrain the Cooks' and Waiters*
Union from Interfering with the conduct
of his Market-street and Montgomery
street restaurants was partly argued be
fore Judge Sloss yesterday.
Attorney William Rix of the firm of
Bishop & "Wheeler appeared for Johnson,
who, it Is understood, occupies the po
sition of plaintiff as the representative of
the Restaurant Keepers' Association. H.
N. Hutton represented the cooks and
waiters.
Mr. Kix raised the point that the al
leged contract entered into between th«
employers and employes was invalid in
that it was in restraint of trade and he
further argued the point that the acts of
the cooks and waiters in 'placing pickets
in front of the establishments of the
plaintiff were illegal and unconstitutional,
disturbed the peace of the plaintiff and
deprived him of his constitutional rights
and privileges as a citizen-
. Hutton on behalf of the cooks and wait
era endeavored to establish his contention
that the Cooks' and "Walters' Union aa a
body were not responsible for the alleged
wrongs from which Johnson was suffer
'ing loss and inconvenience. He said that
the cooks and waiters were only using
such lawful means as in their opinion best
subserved their purposes. The argument
will be concluded to-day.
reading up on "sycosis."
A ghastly array of barbers' implements
of torture was displayed in the offices.
Razors whose last honing took place years
ago, brushes whose bristles lone since lost
their connection with the handles, bottles
of hair tonic of varying degrees of in
tensity and sea foam shampoos were scat
tered around loose. Strops were not hung
upon the walls so the candidates could
improve their tools and put a razor edge
upon them.
"Handwriting does not count in this ex
amination," said President Calish. "If
we can make out what the men write we
will pass them. We have made arrange
ments for a lot of subjects upon whom to
test the ability of these men in a practical
way. We can send up to the barbers*
headquarters and get any number of men
to operate upon, and if the candidates
cannot finish the job either Fleming,
Drake or myself will do it. No man need
go out of here unshorn."
"What kind of eggs do you prefer for an
egg shampoo; hen or duck eggs?" was a
question propounded by Examiner Drake.
"What is the best hair tonic of which
you know?" was another question. If the
applicant came from this city he gen
erally answered "Callsh's," if from Sac
ramento "Fleming's" and if from Los An
geles "Drake's." One aspirant had the
temerity to answer that his* was the best
in the world. He will not get a certificate.
"In the removal of Galway sluggers
do you leave the chin or the neck ex
posed?"
As this ancient style of facial adorn
ment is not fashionable at present, many
of the applicants gave confused answers.
Another question that caused rrfore or
less worry was, "What would you-do to
restore hair on a bald scalp?" This
served as a tonic for the tired applicants.
Some answered, "Put on a wig"; others
dissertated upon the advantages of the
"toupee," and still others named various
patent nostrums. The board will meet in
In addition to this another certificate
will be given. Although the law makes it
compulsory for all barbers to register
within ninety days after the passage of
the act, no action of a legal nature will
be taken by the board until It has had an
opportunity. to visit each county seat. As
soon as the work of registration is com
pleted In this city the adjacent towns will
be visited.
Chair Where All Can See It, as
. Required by Law.
So far 1500 out of the 3000 barbers in the
city have been registered. Each one will
get a certificate reading as follows:
STATE BOARD OF BARBER EXAMINERS
OF CALIFORNIA.
Know All Men by These Presents:
That -... :.,
is a registered Barber, holding Certificate
NO. .... ;
President.
• . Secretary.
Dated Cal 190..
This Card MuEt Be Placed in Front of You*
"In cutting a pompadour, do you use the
scissors or the clippers?"; "How hot do
you heat a hot towel?"; "If a customer
desires a dry hair comb, do you use vase
line, water or hair oil?"; "Why do ¦ you
shave . the lower lip last?" were among
the other questions propounded. Consid
erable study will be required to determine
the percentage of the applicants and to
award the diplomas.. • •
It is expected that by July's the cer
tlflcates to be hung in front of each chair
will be ready. Instead of using the words
"cum laude," to distinguish the degree of
excellence of each candidate, "cum lath
er" will be substituted. Another difficulty
that is yet to be surmounted is what hon
orary desrree to confer upon those who
most successfully pass the examination.
executive session to discuss the matter,
as no answers to questions have been pre
pared in advance.
MANY POSSIBILITIES THAT MAY DEVELOP THROUGH THE EXAMINATIONS NOW BEING CONDUCTED BY
THE STATE BOARD INSTITUTED TO PASS OUT CERTIFICATES OF GOOD CHARACTER AND ABILITY TO
TONSORIAL ARTISTS WHO CAN PROVE UP.
Principal Only Will Be Tried.
School Director Casserly said yesterday
that the licard of Education will not In
vestigate the charges against Vice Prin
clps.1 Charles Moores and Miss F. E. Cole
man of the Hancock Grammar School.
The principal of the school. Miss Mar
garet McKenzie. alone will be held re
eponsible for the failure of over 40 per
cent of the pupils in the recent examina
tions for promotion to the high school.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM cf P.ail
«aye. Office— 30 Montgomery street."** T !
Haid a Fantan Game.
Sergeant Conboy and his squad have
been taking their bearings in Chinatown
since Monday, when they' were assigned
for duty there. Their observations have
not been -without result. Yesterday they
raided a fantan game on Clay^«treet and
arrested six players. Now that the ser
geant and his squad have become familiar
with the lay of things it is expected that
prequent raids and arrests will follow.
ANATOMY ADDED
TO CURRICULUM
Regents Create a New
Department for State
University.
Take First Step in Plan for
Original Research in
Medicine?
The chair of anatomy, the establishment
of which has been under discussion by the
Regents of the State University for some
¦weeks, was created yesterday. Dr. Joseph
Marshal Flint, instructor of anatomy In
the University of Chicago and a graduate
of Johns Hopkins University, was ap
pointed to the professorship, at a salary
of $3000 a year.
The creation of the chair of anatomy
is the result cf a plan which President
w neeler has been working on for some
time. He believes that medicine as a
branch of the sciences has been sadly ne
glected on this coast, and it has been his
desire to gather under the control of the
university a corps of specialists who will
devote their time to original research In
medicine. He announced at the meeting
of the Regents yesterday that it was his
idea to make the chair a purely academic
one, and in no way connected with the
medical college affiliated with the univer
sity as it exists at present. In that connec
tion, which was brought up by a question
from Dr. Ellinwood, President Wheeler
unfolded his plan for an academic depart
ment of the medical branches, such as
pathology, ana'.omy, physiology and the j
others. His is not so much the idea of a I
medical school as it is a plan to have |
medicine treat<.d as a science and handled
in the same manner as the departments
of zoology, botany and similar depart
ments.
There was one dissenting voice when the
motion to establish the chair of anatomy
was put. Dr. ISUinwood said he thought
the establishment of a medical school at
public expense was unprecedented and un
warranted, and he did not believe it would
be approved by the majority of the tax
payers of the State. When it came to a
vote on the proposition he voted "no."
Developing a Medical College.
As at present established the medical
college affiliated with the university is al
most a distinct institution. It supports
itself, and the Regents have no power
over its finances, either to create or to
make good deficiencies. The university
merely supervises the course of study,
eees that it is kept up to the proper
standard and confers the degrees upon its
graduates. If the chair of anatomy be
followed up with others it will gradually
develop into a medical college, absolutely
under the control of the university in
every way and under the direction of men
•who will give their whole time to the
work, and not. as Is now the case, make
their duties as professors incidental to
their practice of medicine. !
There has been provided $5000 for the
eupport and equipment of the department
of anatomy, but President Wheeler as
f ured the Regents that the * equipment
would be forthcoming as soon as the de
partment had teen established. It is his
intention to make of the department one
second only, to that of Johns Hopkins
University, which is famous the world
over.
On the recommendation of the president
the Regents filled quite a number of va
cancies in the faculty. President Wheeler
has just returned from the East, where
he went in search of material for his de
partments, and he submitted a list of
names which he said were the pick of all
the available material he had seen in his
journey. His recommendations were all
adopted unanimously by the Regents.
They were as follows:
Several Vacancies Filled.
In the agricultural department— That Archi
bald Robinson Ward, B. S. A., Cornell Uni
versity, at present assistant in dairy bac
teriology In Cornell, be appointed as veterinary
In connection with the department of dairy
husbandry, at a salary cf J10CO.
In chemistry— That Dr. H. C. Biddle, «.t pres
ent assistant in chencistry in the University of
Chicago, be appointed an instructor in chem
istry, at a salary of $1200. Dr. Biddle Is a
graduate of Monmoutb College and has the
degree cf Fix. D.
That Dr. William Conger Morgan be ap
pointed instructor in chemistry at a salary.of
?1200. Dr. Morgan is at present professor 1 of
chemistry in Washburn College. Topeka, Kan
sas. He is a graduate of Yale with the de
gree of B. A. of the year 1895. Since 1839 he
iias been In charge of the department of
chemistry In Washburn College, Topeka.
In physic*— That Dr. George K. Burgess be
appointed Instructor In physics at a salary of
31100. Dr. Burgees is a graduate of the Mas
sachusetts Institute of Technology of the class
of 189«. That Dr. C. E. Magnusson be ap
pointed assistant in physics at a salary of $800.
Dr. Magnusson is a graduate of the Univer
sity of Minnesota, where he also received the
master's degree. That Albert R. Hagar, B. S.,
University of Wisconsin, '97, be appointed as
sistant in physics at a salary of $500.
In mechanical engineering— That Charles
Curtis Major, M. E., be appointed instructor
In mechanical engineering at a salary of $1200.
He is a graduate of Cornell.
In English— That Chaunoey W. Wells, a grad
uate of Yale of the class of '93, be appointed
assistant professor of English composition at
a salary of I1S00.
In Latin— That Dr. H. W. Prescott, Ph. D.,
be appointed instructor in Latin at a salary
of J1100. He Is a graduate of Harvard, '95.
In history — That Gaillard Thomas Lansley,
Ph. D.. be appointed instructor in history at
a salary of $1000. Dr. Lapsley is acting as an
assistant professor in Stanford.
That Professor K. B. Dressier be made pro
fessor of education and acting head of the de-
I«rtment of education during the j-ear's leave
Of absence of Professor Brown.
That F. "W. Topken be appointed instrument
maker in place of E. Zengeler. from July -4,
at a «alary of $900.
That Joel Etebbins be appointed a fellow In
place of C. G. Dall, resigned.
That G. H. G. McGrew, M. A., be appointed
a clerk in the recorder's office at a salarj ot
$S00.
It was decided to turn the Toland prop
erty, where the old medical college was
located, into cash. Regents Reinstein and
Foster were appointed a committee to
make the sale.
It was decided also to purchase the lot
on Bancroft way belonging to the Theo
lcgical Seminal y of the Pacific for $17,
250 28. the sale to be handled by President
Wheeler and Regent Foster.
At yesterday's meeting two of the new
Regents, Garret McEnerney and Dr. El
llnwood, made their first appearance.
Veteran Razor- Wielders and Embryonic Hair-Gutters Appear Before
State Inquisitors in Quest of Certificates* v :
EXAMINE BARBERS TO DETERMINE
THEIR TONSORIAL QUALIFICATIONS
HIGH OFFICIAL
OUT FROM EAST
Vice President "Wilson
of Machinists Now i
in City.
Presence Said to Indicate
Some Change in Strike
Situation.
6. That all labor organizations, central labor
bodies. - members thereof and citizens of the
State be urged to communicate personally with
their respective Senators and Representatives
in Congress, requesting "them to work and vote
4. That a copy of this report, accompanied
by uetttion blanks, i be submitted to every
County Clerk and the principal postmasters in
the Stater with a request that they display
the same in a position of access to the citizens
for their signature.
5. ¦ That a copy of this report be submitted
to ¦ every central labor body throug-hot*K the
Pacific slope and to the American Federation
of Labor, with a request that these bodies take
the necessary action toward recording the
sentiment of their, respective localities.
3. That a cooy of this report be sent to
every labor organization and central body in
the State of California, accompanied by a suf
ficient number of petition blanks.
2. That a copy of this report be submitted
to the press of San Francisco,, with a request
that it be published.
1. That the San Francisco Labor Council
urge the re-enactment of the Chinese exclusion
act. with the amendments herein, outlined, by
the ccmine session of Congress.
We believe that the exclusion act should be*
made perpetual in operation, aa a step not
only strictly consistent with *he principle of
the proposed legislation, but also as a means
of settling the question definitely and at once.
In view of these considerations we recom
mend: . .
2. The extension of the exclusion act over
all territory under the jurisdiction of the
United States.
• 3. Providing: that the exclusion act shall re
main In force perpetually.
1. Exclusion of all Asiatic*, and particularly
Japanese, other than the government represen
tatives of these peoples and their personal
staffs. ; . .
We believe that all such laws should be
amended so as to embrace the following par
ticulars: ¦'-¦¦"- *
Chinese Exclusion Law.
A lengthy report on the matter of the
continued exclusion of Asiatic labor was
presented by W. Macarthur on behalf of
the law and legislative committee. 'After
referring to the fact that legislation must
be taken by the coming session of. Con
gress, as the present law expires on May
5, 1902, and reviewing the question of Jap
anese labor, the report, which was adopt
ed, makes the following recommendations:
' A proposition to , establish a weekly
newspaper under the auspices of the La
bor Council and in advocacy of the inter
ests of the allied trades unions was re
ceived favorably. If established the jour
nal will be published under the auspices
of the executive committee, from whom
the suggestionNemanated.
A proposition to admit Villa D. Rey
nolds as representative of the Women's
Union Label League provoked much de
bate, but gallantry ilnally triumphed.. The
league comprises nineteen members, who
pledge themselves to see that none but
goods bearing union labels are used.
George Oakes and William O'Brien were
admitted as representatives of the.Var
nishers and Polishers.
Secretary Wisler reported' to the Labor
Council at its meeting last night : ; that
everything was progressing favorably,
and read from a numoer of telegrams re
ports -of concessions of hours. He said,
that out of 105 machine shops in Buffalo,
N. Y., all- but four had acceded to the de
mands for shorter hours. He also named
a large ¦ number of other Eastern cities
where he claimed similar concessions had
been made.
Reports Are Encouraging.
' The sudden and unannounced visit of
Vice President Wilson, who has only re
cently been in attendance at the late con
vention in Toronto, is of particular sig
nificance at this time. While the reports
received by the machinists through Secre
tary Wisler Indicate a change In the situ
ation in' Eastern States, in rian Francisco
the Metal Trades Association, comprising
all of the- large and most of the small- iron
working plants, have for six weeks failed
to yield to the demands of the strikers.
His mission here is believed to have some
connection with a possible settlement of
the trouble.
j The action commenced by Rausch in the
United States Circuit Court aims at a
complete stoppage of the cooks' and wait
ers' "strike. Processes were issued and
served upon Secretary Rosenberg of the
Labor Council, Business Agent juane of
tne Cooks', and Walters' Alliance and
others demanding their presence before
Judge Morrow next Monday. - An effort to
serve Jeff 1). Pierce, the national organ
izer of labor, was tutile, as he left town,
several aays ago. It is said that he is in
Los Angeies, and if he does not get:be
yond the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court
ne, too, will be served with the process.
It is considered doubtful whether he can
be reached in . time. Bishop, .Wheeler &
Hoelner and T. V. O'Brien are "counsel for
the restaurant-keepers. The. name of the
attorney who will defend the strikers has
not yet been announced.
During the night Fourth Vice President
Wilson of the International Association
of Machinists arrived in the city. " He
found Secretary Wisler of the local
branch at the meeting of the Labor Coun
cil, and after a hurried conference with
him retired to his hotel.
Several important moves were made
yesterday in the field of labor. In the
United States * Circuit Court Judge Mor
row, on the petition of Albert Ra-usch, is
sued an order ordering the men who are
directing the boycott against certain res
taurants » to show cause on Monday why
they, should not be restrained from, main
taining "pickets or boycotters in front of
his and other restaurants in the city. At
the same time a similar suit filed by M.
Johnson, president of the Restaurant
keepers' Association, was on argument
before Judge Sloss in the Superior. Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALX. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 28.— Cuba hav
ing accepted the Platt amendment, L-ieu
.tenant General Miles sees no necessity for
the retention of the American troops in
the island. He has officially recommended
to Secretary Root that one-half the force
now policing the island be withdrawn
and that the work done by the troops be
turned over to the Cubans in order, that
they may be prepared to accept the full
responsibility for preserving order when
all the American soldiers are ordered
home.
It is General Miles' belief that such a
etep would settle beyond doubt the capa
city of the Cubans for self-government.
If any disturbances occurred the troops
could promptly reoccupy the island. There
are now less- than five thousand men in
the island. If General Miles' recommend
ation should be adopted not more than,
two thousand would be retained during
the summer and fall. . ¦ ; — ,- -
Notwithstanding the suggestion by Gen
eral Miles, it is not believed the President
and Secretary Root will deem It advisable
to reduce the American force in Cuba un
til next spring, when the gradual with
drawal of 4 the troops will begin. The mo
ment the Cuban Government assumes
control, that moment the last American
regiment will leave the Island. -
NEXT," called President Calish of
the State Board of Barber Exam
iners to a group of waiting aspi
rants. Every man got up, stood
behind his chair and looked wise.
A grizzled veteran with forty years'
growth of beard walked in and wanted to
get "one of them diplomas." It was the
occasion of the first examinations of bar
bers under the new law passed by the last
Legislature and signed by the Governor
on February 20. The delay of the Gov
ernor in appointing the Board of Exam
iners has somewhat complicated matters.
Nevertheless ten applicants presented
themselves yesterday afternoon and were
put through a civil service course of ex
amination. Ten questions were propound
ed. These touched upon the various
branches of the trade, such as shaving,
shampooing and hair-cutting, and each
question had a distinct bearing upon the
special subject. ¦
"Sycosis" was a poser for many of the
applicants. Sycosis is" not a nice thing to
have, and how best to prevent it was a
subject of much earnest consideration and
scratching of jowls. Several candidates
passed over the question, although they
were itching to know just what "sycosis"
means. As it is a Greek derivative and
not being familiar with the dead lan
guages some of the embryonic barbers
gave way under the strain.
Just how that word got into the exam
ination questions perhaps President Calish
may be able to explain. He had an inter
view a few days ago with President Wil
liamson of the Board of Health. Dr. Wil
liamson suggested that in addition to
questions about sanitation, hygiene, venti
lation and disinfection this be incor
porated. So every barber that wants to
be up to date and get his diploma from
the State Board of Barber Examiners is
WOULD REDUCE
FORCE IN CUBA
Mile3Sees No Necessity
for Keeping Troops
in Island.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 29, 1901.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
AAI II &H 89 B II SAN FRANCISCO'S
OOLy^olA LEADING THEATRE'
MATINEE TO-DAT!
THE HUGE TTTITT^TIT^
TRIUMPH [T]\]M]in
To-night and All Next I I 1 I I Bl fl
ggjr- UMJEIl
COLOSSAL. ~ *
PRODUCTION. \^^^r
By Arrangement with >^
DAVID BELASCO. ¦MPjifc
Paul M. Potter's *-|T 1 (Ti /N
6- Act Drama on I 1 I A I I I 1
Oufda's Famous Novel, la I II I V
Over 100 People, HI M I \
Including llllllTll
BLANCHE BATES 1 1111 UU
as "CIGARETTE." x
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE July 4
MATINEE TO-DAT. SAT., June 29.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
A NEW COLLECTION OP VAUDEVILLE'S
FAVORITES.
EMILY LTTTON, CHARLES BOWSER AND
COMPANY, EZRA KENDALL. GARDNER
AND VINCENT, SISTERS MAHR,
ODELL WILLIAMS AND COM-
PANY. COLE AND DE LOSSE,
THE BIOGRAPH AND LAST
WEEK OP THE EAST
INDIAN PTGMTES.
"Fatma and Smaun,"
Who will continue their receptions to children
after matinee performances.
BEMASCO aho THJU.CS Jfefftgz,
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
(SUNDAY).
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY EVG..
Last Timea— Mammoth Suectacular Revival of
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
Buck and Wing Dancing, Bloodhounds, Negro
Melodies, etc.
DDffCC Evenings.. ......10c, 15c. 25c, 35c, 60c
rfUlCd Matinees 10c. 16c. 25o
NEXT MONDAY— The Popular Actor.
JAMES M. BROPHY.
In the Great Ameelcan Play,
"DAVY CROCKETT."
Extra Matinee Fourth of July (Thursday).
It's All the Ra^e Agaliul
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
- ¦ Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In Her Greatest Success,
SAPHO
MATINEE TO-D/VV. '
The Public's Demand.
"SAPHO." ONE MORE WEEK.
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
BASEBALL;
SAN FRANCISCO vs. SACRAMENTO.
1 TO-DAY AT 3:15 P. M. ,
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREA TION F*A RK,
'•.[ ' Eighth and* Harrison streets.
RT^rHFR'S concert house.
rloynrinp Admission lOc.
CHARITY MARTIN. Slg. ' Abramoff. Mur-
phy ' and ! Hart. Lillian Levey, Arthur Parent.
Charles Chenoweth, Ed - B. Adams, Alice Bar-
num ¦ and Stanley and Waltcn. '
Reserved Seats, . 25c. Matinee Sunday.
Weekly Call,$k00 per Year
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
FEOM TOITK STATES.
Testimony to the Efficacy of the New
Scientific Dandruff Treatment.
James C. Rowe. Livingston, Mont.:
"Herpicide cured my dandruff and stopped
my falling hair."
Orange McCombs, St. Anthony, Idaho:
•'Herpicide cleaned my scalp of dandruff
and made my hair soft as silk and
glossy."
W. H. Otis, barber. Champaign. III.: "I
used Herpicide on one customer for dan-
druff and on another for falling hair with
excellent results."
F. W. Woody (assistant postmaster).
Champaign, III.: "Herpicide completly
etoppod my falling hair.
J. J. Bentley. Sheridan. Wyo.: "Herpl-
cifie excellent for cleaning the scalp."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
wi ,-,¦¦¦ m ¦¦¦¦ - /' »
jjBB^gWBB^pWMMWBin^m»Wjp^^ ; "- •; ¦ / • . ¦¦ . . . . .
Health for All Women.. 1
H Hrv^^gJV ' Mn truthfull y sa y that Wlne of C* 1^" 1 and Thedford's Bla'ck-Draught have done me §g£
KV Tiff more «ood than all the other medicines 1 ever took. I have had better health and have «£1
H*3SaJf -*S5K§§&awjS?KH been able to do more work this summer than I have in ten years before. I have persuaded Kga
j^^/N others to use your medicine. , Mrs. MINERVA N. BARBER. %$
Hr *^^^lte£™8fffl4lltg Women may be healthy. There is no excuse for all the suffering there U «S
|||£ (^^tefflbsyQfflH In the world. Thousands who would be filling premature graves or dragging J|w
Up VJ out lives of suffering are happy and healthy because they took Wine of Cardui. wl
"BfinnkYtf^ £* a nifcWTtf fir
i¥INc 0E tAIIIIUI 1
is the medicine provided by Nature to strengthen and regulate the menstrual |||
|E||«.,r n-nrjuM imr.mn-- organs of women. Nature never intended all women to suffer. If they do suffer |||1
||^ it is because they have neglected some natural law. They have neglected some little menstrual irregu- fm
iPa ' ar '^ wn ' cn nas 3> rown ' n *° falling of the womb or one of the long calendar of ills to which women §11
PgL: are subject. Women only know the awful distress continued menstrual disorders bring. Headaches, \§f|
||ja backaches, aches in every limb and pains in the abdomen, neck and chest all combine to make the W§
W$ sufferer's life one of misery. By taking Wine of Cardui these pains can be banished quickly and Ipj
ipf permanently. This simple medicine has cured a million women. It will cure you. Try itl AH 1|»
j*|Jr For advice and literature, address, givingr symptomd, "The Ladies' Advisory js!l?
iZ&i- . Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. §¦£$&
GRAND' OPEtSA MOUSE
MscDOWELL SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-
DAT.
Last MacDowell Matinee To-morrow.
Last TWO NIGHTS of W'%
FEDORA
Commencing MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
Matinees July 4th, Saturday and Sunday,
T. DANIEL FRAWLET Presents
"THE ONLY WAY."
Original Version by Freeman Wills. —
By Special Arrangement With Charles Froh-
zoan.
The company will be the strongest ever seen
in the play, including E. J. Morgan, John
Mascn, Theodore Roberts and Katherine Grey.
Same Prices — 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 73c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
*T1VOL1*
THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT THB
LAST.
"DON'T MISS THIS GREAT HIT."
LAST. TOY MATiNBB TO-
DAY AT ¦ 2.
EVERT CHILD WILL GET A TOT. ["
THE
TOY MAKER!
SDNDAT, JUNE 30— "BABES IN THE
WOOD."
Popular Prices 23c and 50o
Telephone— Bush 9.
CHUTES_and ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL. }
LUNETTE,
THE MAID OF THE AIR.
Special To-Night.
MONSTER
CAKEWALK!
. Telephone tor Seats— Park 23. ,
JULY4,
BEFORE SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS., 3 P.M..
JACK MOFFAT
» OF CHICAGO
GEORGE GARDNER
OP BOSTON.
FOR MIDDLE-WEIGHT
CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD.
AL NEILL of San Francisco
A/S.
CHARLES (Dutch) THURSTON.
TWENTT ROUNDS EACH.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. '
Bathing frcm 7 a. m. trt 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing. Including admUnlon. 25c: children. 20c.
-PALACE HOTEL**
yiiitors to San Francisco who m&ko
their headquarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and uneqoaied
cuisine. American and European plans.
-GRAP, HOTEL-
i --- — ._. ._.. ii
eorrmaMT im »r thi rnoemn « q«mn eo. cwcmiuTi.
HOW TO ECONOMIZE
f« |OME men economize so closely on the
number of. words in a telegram that the
receiver can not understand it, . This is not
i I sensible economy* Neither is it sensible
economy to ruin garments of value with cheap
soap or powerful chemicals that eat into the fabric
True economy uses Ivory Soap in the laundry.
It is the most of pure soap that can be sold for the
money* Chemically it is as innocent as water. Yet
it does everything you can ask of a soap. Try it !Enthusiasm Marks the First
Meeting When Officers
Are Elected.
' - - ¦' ' -- : -» . ¦ •
A local lodge of the Knights of the
Royal Arch, a t society which admits
to its membership only saloon and
liquor men, was organized Thursday night
at B'nai B'rith Hall. The new organiza
tion, which has for its object the social,
political and material protection of its
members, was. inaugurated under the
tnost favorable auspices. The greatest
enthusiasm prevailed. About 200 promi
nent liquor dealers were present and af
fixed their signatures to the charter role.
After the business of the evening had
been transacted a social session, was
was held, during which a tempting colla
tion', with an abundance of liquid refresh
ments, 1 was served. . The newly elected of
ficers and a number of the members made
impromptu speeches and many toast3
were drunk to the good of the order.
Among those who contributed to the
merriment of the evening were: William
McDonald, James Mackey of Sacramento,
JameSi Conlln, Dr. Charles E. Jones and
Charles Mitchell. ,
The officers who were elected to guide
the destiny of the new lodge during the
first term of its existence were:
Valiant commander, Jerome Bassity; lieuten
ant commander, C. F. ' Williams; treasurer,
James Twomey; orator, ! James Horn: re
corder Frank G. Roney; master, of ceremonies,
Dave Becker; captain of guard, John F. Crow
ley; tyler, Frank Stevens; physician. Dr.
Charles E. Jones; attorney, Charles G. Nagle;
advisory board— G. O. Hink, J. E. Krumb, J.
Li. Herget, J. Sullivan, J. P. • Glynn. .
Although the order of the Knights of
the Royal Arch has only been in existence
for three years it already has a very ex
tensive membership throughout the Union.
In its ranks are included some of the most
influential liquor dealers in this country.
It is expected that the liquor dealers of
every State will be represented at the
national convention, which will be held
this year at Cincinnati.
The order provides sick and death bene
fits and in fact all the benefits which axe
incidental to a fraternal society.
The lodge which has been organized in
this city is the second in the State. The
first was instituted at Los Angeles, and
already has a membership of 300. It is In
tended by the organizers that every city
and town in the State have a lodge. A
convention will then be called for the
purpose of formjng a Grand Lodge.
of Knights of the
Royal Arch.
Organize a Local Lodge
LIQUOR DEALERS
UNITE FORCES
Deutschland, from Hamburg, for New York.
CHERBOURG — Sailed June 28 — Stmr
Deutschland, from Hamburg and Southamp
ton, for New York. ¦
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 28— Stmr Celvlc,
for New York. ' , • :
' • .' , ¦ "
Sun,' Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and .Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
IsOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point,
the height of tide Is the same at , both places.
SATURDAY, JUNE 29.
Sun rises .;.. • 4-53
Sun seta "..7:35
Moon seta 2:53 a. m
Low Sate to Glen Ellen.
On account of the dedication of the
home of the Society of Old Friends next
Sunday the California Xorthwestern Rail
way will sell tickets at $1 for the round
trip, leaving Tiburon ferry at 8 a. m.
William Beveridge", second assistant en
gineer of the steamship China, was fined
J50 yesterday by United States District
Judge de Haven for smuggling several
yards of embroidered silk from the steam
ship last week. He paid the fine.
Fined for Smuggling.
Dan. O'Callaghan and Alex. Nelson
Are the agents f or t j, e world-renowned Progress
Beer, given hig-hest honors at the World's
Fair. Your Judgment is as good as theirs. At
all grocers'. Insist on Progress Brand, the most
delicious table beer. Bottled in pints and
quarts. O'Callachan. Xelson & Co., 116 Davis
Copies of the Jetters will be sent to those
most prominently connected with the wal
nut trade of California, among whom are
Porter Brothers, President Xeff of the
Deciduous Fruit Exchange at Los An
geles, and Edward Berwick at Monterey
Concerning Persian walnuts, about
which the Californians desired to have
questions asked, Consul General Skinner
writes that they- are not known in France
as a local product. Considerable quanti
ties of shelled Levantine walnuts, which
grow in Turkey, are imported into France
and are consumed in the walnut oil trade.
As the French walnuts command a higher
price than do the Levantine nuts, quanti
ties of the Levantine nuts are sent to
the districts where the French walnuts
are grown in large quantities, that they
may be used in making nut oil. The wal
nuts grown near Marseilles are small and
there is no attempt to export them. The
exportation of nuts from Marseilles last
year amounted to $400,000 in round figures.
A'.monds, which represented a value of
J2oS.OOO, led the list, with walnuts second,
valued at $140,000.
•'The product of walnuts in California,"
writes the Consul General, "is much dis
cussed in France, but the market in Mar
seilles has not been affected by the Cali
fornia walnuts." The reverse is the case
in the matter of almonds. . While the
French almond, the Princess, is of high
quality, the California almonds have been
sufficiently excellent to replace the French
article largely and the Marseilles trade
has been very much injured in conse
quence.
The Department of State at Washington
has come to the aid of the walnut srow
ers of California and has secured valuable
Information, concerning the condition of
the foreign nut market, into which Cali
fornia may enter more largely than ever
before as a competitor. Some time ago
the Pacific Commercial Museum, by Di
rector Goodwin, requested the> Depart
ment of State to forward to Consuls of the
United States in European countries cer
tain questions formulated here, the
answers to which would embody the in
formation most needed by the producers
of California in their attempts to widen
their trade area. The department agreed
to do this and letters have come to hand
relating to the walnuts of France and
Turkev. The most important of the let
ters received is one from Consul 'General
fckmner at Marseilles. . •
He writes that the exports of walnuts
to the L'nited States are confined almost
exclusively to nuts grown in the interior
of the country- The trade Is In the hands
of the commission houses. Their busi
ness has been injured by the practice of
American importers, who deal with the
growers directly and who assume all risks
at unsatisfactory delivery.
Chances in France for the
California Output
Favorable.
Pacts Are Secured That
Interest Walnut Pro
ducers.
GROWERS AIDED
BY GOVERNMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 29, 1901
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the • order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when • a
minus (— ) . sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference la
the mean of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. 1 N., Mer
• chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
June 28, 1901., , - • ,
w The time ball on the tower of the new. Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th . meridian, or at '8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. . ¦ ¦ - ;
T1 t ¦;£ . - 'CO. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. . N.. In charge.
BOSTON— Arrived .June 28— Stmr Common
wealth, ¦ from Liverpool. • ' .:
¦ DOVER— Passed June 28— Stmr. Northeastern,
from Chicago, via Montreal, for Hamburg. 1 1
GENOA — Arrived June 28 — Stmr Trave, i from
Now York. *iyiWfc*'MF'«aBtB*^3iaMg
, HONGKONG— Sailed June 28— Stmr Empress
of India, for Vancouver. : .
NAPLES— Sailed June 28— Stmr. Hesperia, for
New . York.' . jii w^wlBe3tiiiiw^i8fiaBtg«jgi»i<»Haab»«j
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed June ;28 — Stmr
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MAZATLAN— Sailed June 27— Ger etmr Her
monthls, for San Francisco. •
VALPARAISO— Sailed . June 27— Ger stmr
Neko, for San Francisco. . • . . '
MANILA— Arrived May , 29— Bktn Tarn o*
Shanter. from Grays . Harbor.
DKAL— Passed' June 26— Br ship Sierra Blan
ca, from London, for San Diego. ¦
CARDIFF— Sailed June 28— Br v ship Ardna
murchan, for Santa Rosalia. ' t _¦ , ¦
PLYMOUTH— Sailed June 27— Br: bark Inver
mark, for Havre. > ¦ , . ¦, .., . ¦
ST VINCENT— Sailed June 26— Br Btmr Mon
mouthshire, for Antwerp.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 26— Stmr City of
Peking, hence June 6. ¦ ¦
SYDNEY— Sailed June ¦ 26— Ship S P Hitch
cock, for San Francisco. ¦ . •
HONGKONG— Sailed June 26— Br stmr > Em
press of India, for Vancouver. v . .
CALLAO— Sailed June 27— Bktn Willie H
Hume, for Port Townsend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
- - ¦ . - Friday, June 28.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 15 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Aberdeen. Jensen, j 42 hours from San
Pedro. - r
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, 72 hours t from
Newport (S), etc.
.Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 32 hours from
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg, 68 hours from. San
Pedro.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle; 11 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Ellef sen, 85 hours from
Port Hadlock.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, 27 days 20 hours from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days 23 hours,
via Honolulu 6 days 1 hour.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, hours
from Ventura, in tow of tug Rescue.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, IS hours from
Bowens Landing. "
Schr Newark, Crangle, 12 hours from Walsh
Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday, June 28.
Stmr San Juan, Robinson, Panama; Pacific
Mail SS Co. " .
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Nanalmo; Pacific
Improvement Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, San Pedro; Good
all. Perkins & .Co.
Stmr Argyll, Gilboy, Panama; Panama RR
& SS Line.
Bark W B Flint. Wallace, Kahului; Alex
ander & Baldwin (Ltd).
Schr , Kodiak, Nordberg, . Unalaska; Alaska
Commercial Co.
•• ¦¦;¦-.-- SAILED.
Friday, June 28.
Stmr San Juan, Robinson, Panama and way
ports. .
' Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Scotia. Walvig, .
Stmr Proitreso, Parker, Tacoma.
Stmr Arsyll, Gilboy. Panama.
Schr Kodiak. Nordberg, Unalaska.
Schr Rio Key, Mallet. Mendocino.
SPOKEN.
June 11. lat 7 N. Ion 27 - W— Br ship Princi
pality, from Shields, for San Francisco.
_^ TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 28, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 6 miles per hour. ]
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 28— Schrs Melanc
thon and Gotama, for San Francisco.
EUKEKA— Arrived June 28— Schr O M Kel
logs, hence June 18. ' • . . . • • •
Sailed June 28— Stmrs Pomona and Del
Norte. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 28— Stmr Signal,
hence June 21. , . ¦ ,
SAN DIEGO— Sailed June 28— Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
- -TACOMA— Sailed June 28— Br ship Lyder
horn, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 28— Stmr
Fulton, hence June 24.
Sailed June 28— Schr Chas R Wilson, for San
Francisco.- ' v :,
NEAH BAY— Passed In .June 28— Stmr Ore
gon, from Nome; schr Commerce, from Santa
Rosalia.
Passed out June 28— Br bark Mary A Troop,
for Mollendo: stmr Rainier, for San Fran
cisco; bark J D Peters, for Chlgnlk Bay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 28— Schr
Commerce, from Santa Rosalia. .
Passed in June 28— Schr Ludlow, from San
Pedro.
Passed outward June 28— Bark J D Peters,
from' Oyster Harbor, for Chlgnlk Bay; Br
bark Mary A Troop, from Port Gamble, for
Mollendo. . •
UMPQUA- Arrived June 27— Schr Louise,
from San Dieco.
UNALASKA— In port June 13— Stmr Ruth,
from Seattle.
Arrived June 28— Stmr City of Seattle, from
Skaguay. ¦ - ,
SAN !, PB2DRO- Arrived June 27— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka; stmr Aloha, from Cayu
cos.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The steamer Argyll cleared yesterday for
Panama with merchandise for New York val
ued at $170,666;. for Germany, $1650, and for
England, $1100. The cargo included the fol
lowing:
For New York— 112.190 lbs hides, 251,872 lbs
wool, 2295 bbls asphalrum, 100 cs salmon, 30,403
lbs glue, 15 flasks quicksilver, 94 cs household
goods, 500 cs canned goods, 1 cs 107 gals
brandy, 92.260 lbs dried peas, 267 pes hard
wood, 72,398 lbs tallow, 133 sks horns.
• For England — 6 pkgs household goods.
For Germany— 50 cs honey, 173 pkgs shells.
Merchandise for ITew " York.
300 lbs bam and bacon, 118 pkgs hardware, 100
pigs iron, 75,842 ft lumber, 1560 lbs lard, 58
pkgs machinery, 112 kegs nails, 69 cs oil, 147
era potatoes and onions, 27,773 lbs rice, 4855 lbs
rosin, 1155 bdls pipe, 13 pkgs paint, 200 kegs
powder, 994 lbs soda, 40,814 lbs tallow, 69 kegs
staples, 32 cs stationery, 20 cs turpentine, 32
pkgs tank material, 12 cs 2855 gals wine, 166 cs
whisky, 27 kegs white lead, 543 bdls wire.
For Panama— 20,000 lbs rice, 3671 lbs sugar, 30
cs adds and chemicals, 20 cs salmon. 32.126 ft
lumber, 1729 gals wine, 414 coils cordage, 666
lbs dried fruit, 50 cs canned goods, 240 bbls
flour.
"SCHOONER JULIA E. WHALEN, WHICH SAILS TO-DAY FOR THE MEX-,
ICAN COAST IN SEARCH OF A RICH GOLD MINE. A PARTY OF
CAPITALISTS GOES ALONG UNDER GUIDANCE OF N J WEAVER
Cargo on the Panama Steamer.
The steamer San Juan sailed yesterday- for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo,
valued at $75,653, manifested as follows: For
Mexico, $11,496; Central America, $56,824; Pan
ama, $6333. The principal exports were as fol
lows:
For Mexico— 15 cs arms and ammunition, 21
cs canned roods, 270 lbs dried fruit. 136 pkgs
fruit and vegetables, 86 pkg-s. groceries and
provisions, 163 pkgs hardware, • 43 pkgs iron
16,010 ft lumber, 18 pkgs machinery. 5 pkgs
paint. 100 bxs paste, 10 kegs nails, -20 era po
tatoes, 5 ca rubber goods, 1071 pkgs tank ma
terial, 20 txlls wire, 5 cs 590 gals wine. .
For Central America — (3 - csks j bottled beer,
111,397 lbs corn, . 19 , cs canned goods, 2400 lbs
cyaclde of potassium, 5550 gals . coal oil 60
bbls cement, 162 pkgs dry goods. 38 cs drugs
1S7 boles domestics,'' 2431 bbls flour, 26 pkgs
furniture, 318 pkgs groceries and "provision*.
Movements of Transports.
Since February last the transports have
brought home over 25,000 volunteers and
regulars. In the handling of all those men
there has not been an accident of any
kind and the dispatch the vessels have
received at this end has been a matter
of favorable comment all along the front.
For instance, the Thomas and Buford
both arrived Wednesday and anchored in
the stream. Without the slightest confu
sion all the men were transferred to river
steamers and landed at the Presidio be
fore dark, while all their baggage was
reedy for them on the wharf the next
morning. This was all due to the excel
lent arrangements made by Surgeon Ma
jor R. J. Gibson, who personally super
vised the transfer of the men and stayed
with the job night and day in order that
there mizht be no hitch.
Of the transports that have arrived with
troops during the past ten days the Logan
Is on Hunters Point drydock, the Thomas,
Grant and Buford are at Folsom street
and the Kilpatrick in the stream. The
Ohio, Aztec and Pennsylvania have been
released by the Government. The Ohio
and Pennsylvania, are going into the
Nome trade and the Aztec is going on the
China run for the Mail Company. The
Algoa, now in port, has been chartered
by Uncle Sam and will load hay and grain
at Seattle for the Philippines.
»
Panama Steamships Sail.
The opposition lines both dispatched
steamships for Panama yesterday. The
Pacific" Mail Company's San Juan got
away at noon, while the Panama Railroad
Company's Argyll sailed about 2 p. m.
Both vessels took away a large amount
of freight, but few passengers. The Ar
gyll's cargo is all for New York and the
vessel goes direct to Panama. The San
Juan's cargo is nearly all for Central
American ports and very little of it for
Panama or the East. The Argyll will
reach Panama nearly a, week ahead of
the San Juan, as the latter calls at all the
way ports.
Robert McD. | Mulr, one of the best
known, young men along the front, died
suddenly Thursday night. He was suffer
ing from an ulcerated tooth and did not
heve it attended to. Finally blood pois
oning set in and he died. The deceased
leaves a widow, son and two brothers to
mourn his loss.
The ferry steamer Tamalpais went to
the RIsdon Iron Works yesterday. When
going astern her patent paddle wheels will
not feather and in consequence the vessel
is almost shaken to pieces with every
backward revolution. While at the Rls
don an attempt will be made to rectify
this fault.
The schooner Admiral Is going to load
railroad ties for Guayaquil. She was
chartered to carry merchandise to Salinas
Cruz, ' but the charter has been canceled
in order to enable her to carry the ties.
Several of the Blanche Bates Company
visited the Oregon yesterday. They were
shown over the huge fighting machine
and enjoyed their visit very much.
• - ¦ ¦
Doric Arrives From Orient.
Occidental and Oriental Steamship
iftompany's Doric arrived from the Orient
via Honolulu last evening. She was placed
in quarantine by Dr. Carmichael and no
one was allowed aboard. She will probab
ly be released this morning. Mrs. Hugh
Tevis is among the passengers. Her
friends were out to meet her, but were
not allowed aboard the vessel.
The Doric was twenty-seven days
twenty hours from Hongkong via Yoko
hama sixteen days twenty-three hours
and Honolulu six days one hour. The
Oceanic Steamship Company's Zealandia
was to sail from the islands an hour after
the Doric and should get here to-day
The Doric brings sixty cabin and second
cabin passengers and 175 Chinese and
three Japanese in the steerage.
•— — • . ¦" ¦ .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamship Ammon of the Kos
mos line arrived from Hamburg yester
day. She brought five passengers and a
small cargo from South America, The
passengers were the following named:
From Mollendo — Edgar Powell, E. Con
lis and M. McDerwell. From Callao— J.
M. Burnell. From Guayaquil— R. F. Har
rison.
This is the first visit of the Ammon to
San Francisco. She is not yet five years
old and was built for the South American
trade. 4 She has a capacity of 6500 tons
dead weight, is 370 feet long, 46 feet beam
and 26 feet deep. Captain G. Behrmann
is also making his first visit to this port.
The steamship left Hamburg on March 17
and had fine weather to the river. Platte,
where a severe storm was encountered.
After passing through the Straits of Ma
gellan the screw worked loose on the
shaft and it has been giving trouble ever
since. She will go on the drydock to-day
to be overhauled and painted.
The Ammon passed the Colombia, which
left here for South America ten days ago,
off Cape San Lucas.
KOSMOS LXNER AKEIVES.
Ammon Gets In From Hamburg via
South and Central America.
NJ. WEAVER, who was made
famous in the Orient and
Southern Seas by his cruise
O in the yacht Norma, is about
to undertake another voyage.
The Norma Is still in Auckland, New Zea
land, where ehe was seized for debt, but'
Weaver has secured the Julia E. Whalen
and Is going- to Mexico in her. The ves
sel arrived from Samoa on June 17, after
having touched at the Hawaiian Islands
for provisions. She made the trip to Sa
moa in Weaver's interests, he having se
cured a lot of valuable concessions from
the Germans, so he said. Whether the
concessions are valuable or not nobody
krcws save Weaver, and he is not telling.:
In any event, the Whalen came back with'
a lot of cocoanuts and a small quantity
of copra.
It was Weaver's intention to run the
Whalen regularly in the Samoan trade,
so Captain Erratt secured a native crew
while at Apia. When the vessel arrived
here the white sailors were discharged
and the vessel Is now manned by Samo
ans. A few days ago the destination of
the ' schooner was changed and now the
natives want to be sent home. All the
satisfaction they get is that as soon as
the voyage to Mexico is completed the
Julia E. Whalen will sail for Samoa.
Weaver has live or six people interested
In his Mexican venture and two of them
will sail on the schooner with him. They
are Messrs. Deltenhelmer and Talcott and
with them goes a mining expert. The
mine is supposed to be very rich, and
should it prove to be everything that is
expected the work of developing will be
gin at once. The passengers are not go
ing to starve during the run to Mexico.
All kinds of provisions were put aboard
the schooner yesterday and a colored man
has been especially engaged to look after
the galley. Captain Erratt, who brought,
the Whalen from Samoa, is not going out
on her, a Captain Robinson having suc
ceeded him as master.
Considerable work has been done on the
Whalen during the uast week and she has
now very snug quarters below and looks
as trim as a yacht aloft. On the voyage
Mr. Weaver will probably imagine he is
oiice more on the Norma and . may have
as good a time on the Mexican coast as
he had in Japanese waters and the South
ern Seas.
Bicycle manufacturers state that the bicyqje
for this year will be practically the same model
as 1900,' as improvement seems to ; be impossible.
Precisely-; the * same ¦;. is"* true : of ' Hostetter's
Stomach- Bitters. It represents' the I limits of
science, , and It is impossible to make* a better
medicine for " the I stomach.' liver, kidneys , and
blood. Try - it for. dyspepsia, I indigestion, r con
stipation.. flatulency or sour stomach' and you
will be convinced. . Never take a substitute
The Ifew- Bicycle.
N. J; Weaver of Yacht Norma Fame Is to Take the Party South
on the Schooner Julia E* Whalen to Inspect the Property*
CAPITALISTS TO SAIL IN SEARCH
OF A RICH MEXICAN GOLD MINE
Stamps Mupt Be Perforated.
Internal RevOTiue Collector Lynch re
ceived yesterday from J. W. Yerkes, Com
missioner of Internal Revenue, a telegram
extending from July 1 to August 1 the
time of the going into effect of the regu
lation requiring beer stamps to be can
celed by perforation.
8
Time Time Time Time '¦
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
L -W H W L, W H W
29... 3:52—0.1 11:02 4.4 3:10 ~3.1 9:21 5.8
30 ... 4:29 0.4 11:44 4.5 3:52 3.1 10:00 5.3
1 ... 5:05—0.6 12:24 4.7 4:36 3.0 10:37 5.9
2... 5:42—0.8 1:00 4.8 5:20 3.0 11:21 5.8
3... 6:20—0.6 1:37 4.9 6:10 2.9 ;.
H W L, • W H W L W
4 ... 0:08 5.6 .7:00—0.4 2:11 5.0 7:01 2 7
t ... 1:00 5.4 7:40 —0.1 * 2:46 . 5.2 8-00 ¦ 2 4
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Curacao...,
Zealandla
Arcata :";.
W. H. Kruger.
San Jose
Columbia......
Pomona
Rainier
Coronado..;....
Manda lay
Bonlta
"Corona
Tucapel........
Acme.:
Kmplre
Santa Barbara
Sierra
St. Paul
Umatllla
Hermonthls
Fulton
Noyo
Washtenaw...'.
Eureka
North Fork....
G. W. Elder...
Point Arena. . .
Santa Rosa....
Arequlpa..
•l. Dollar.
Crescent City..
Mexican Ports .'. June 29
Honolulu June 29
Coos Bay June 29
San Pedro June 29
Panama & Way Ports. Juno 29
Portland and Astoria... June 29
Humboldt June 23
Seattle & N. Whatcom. June 30
Redondo June 30
Coqullle River June 30
San Pedro June 30
San Diego ....June 30
Valparaiso & Way Pts. June 30
Tillamook Bay July 1
Coos Bay July 1
Humboldt .....'..... July 1
Sydney & Way Ports.. July 1
Nome & St. Michael... July 1
Puget Sound Ports July. 1
Hamburg & Way Pts.. July 2
Orays Harbor July 2
Cayucos July 3
Tacoma t , . July 3
Humboldt July 3
Humboldt July 4
Portland and Astoria.. July 4
Point Arena July 4
San Diego July 4
Valparaiso & Way Pts July 5
Grays Harbor July 5
Crescent City July 5
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Jane 20.
Lakme Humboldt
Alliance Portland & Coos B.
China......... China & Japan
Coos Bay Newport
Point Arena., point Arena
Jane :>(>.
San Pedro Humboldt '..
Eureka Humboldt :...
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Santa Rosa.. San Diego ...j
Jaly 1.
Arcata !. Coos Bay
Coronado Seattle & Everett..
Pomona Humboldt ..........j
Jnly 2.
Empire.'. Coos Bay
Columbia Astoria & Portland
Acme Siuslaw River ....
Bonim San Pedro ...:......
Jnly 3.
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .."..
, Zealandia.... Honolulu
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock.
Noyo......... Humboldt
Rainier Seattle & N. What.
Mandalay Coquille River
Corona San Die*ro .........
• Jnly 4.
Santa Barb'rr Humboldt ...
. Jnly 15.
Tj matilla. . . . . Puget Sound Ports
Ammon. Hamburg & Way.. I
Despatch..... Seattle & Falrhavn
12 m
5 pm
1 pm
9 am
2 pm
10 am
9 am
11 am
9 am
12 m
5 pm
1:30 p
10 am
11 am
3 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 16
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier -2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 11
• .¦
6 pm
10 am
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
2 pm
9 am
¦ . . !
Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 11
1 10 am
Pier 3
111 am
1 12 m
| 5 pm
jPier 9
|Pler 10
|Pler 16
Steamer.
Destination:
Sails.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
ptrigo Skaguay. & Way Ports. June 29
Senator Nome and Teller City.. June 29
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Jeanie...... Nome direct June 29
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 30
J. S. Klmball.. Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Oregon......... Nome & Teller City..... July 1
Victorian Skaguay & Way Porte. July 3
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 4
Alkl.. Skaguay & Way Ports. July "4
Time Time Time Time '¦
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
L -W H W L, W H W
29... 3:52—0.1 11:02 4.4 3:10 ~3.1 9:21 5.8
30 ... 4:29 0.4 11:44 4.5 3:52 3.1 10:00 5.3
1 ... 5:05—0.6 12:24 4.7 4:36 3.0 10:37 5.9
2... 5:42—0.8 1:00 4.8 5:20 3.0 11:21 5.8
3... 6:20—0.6 1:37 4.9 6:10 2.9 ;.
H W L, • W H W L W
4 ... 0:08 5.6 .7:00—0.4 2:11 5.0 7:01 2 7
t ... 1:00 5.4 7:40 —0.1 * 2:46 . 5.2 8-00 ¦ 2 4
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Curacao...,
Zealandla
Arcata :";.
W. H. Kruger.
San Jose
Columbia......
Pomona
Rainier
Coronado..;....
Manda lay
Bonlta
"Corona
Tucapel........
Acme.:
Kmplre
Santa Barbara
Sierra
St. Paul
Umatllla
Hermonthls
Fulton
Noyo
Washtenaw...'.
Eureka
North Fork....
G. W. Elder...
Point Arena. . .
Santa Rosa....
Arequlpa..
•l. Dollar.
Crescent City..
Mexican Ports .'. June 29
Honolulu June 29
Coos Bay June 29
San Pedro June 29
Panama & Way Ports. Juno 29
Portland and Astoria... June 29
Humboldt June 23
Seattle & N. Whatcom. June 30
Redondo June 30
Coqullle River June 30
San Pedro June 30
San Diego ....June 30
Valparaiso & Way Pts. June 30
Tillamook Bay July 1
Coos Bay July 1
Humboldt .....'..... July 1
Sydney & Way Ports.. July 1
Nome & St. Michael... July 1
Puget Sound Ports July. 1
Hamburg & Way Pts.. July 2
Orays Harbor July 2
Cayucos July 3
Tacoma t , . July 3
Humboldt July 3
Humboldt July 4
Portland and Astoria.. July 4
Point Arena July 4
San Diego July 4
Valparaiso & Way Pts July 5
Grays Harbor July 5
Crescent City July 5
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Jane 20.
Lakme Humboldt
Alliance Portland & Coos B.
China......... China & Japan
Coos Bay Newport
Point Arena., point Arena
Jane :>(>.
San Pedro Humboldt '..
Eureka Humboldt :...
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Santa Rosa.. San Diego ...j
Jaly 1.
Arcata !. Coos Bay
Coronado Seattle & Everett..
Pomona Humboldt ..........j
Jnly 2.
Empire.'. Coos Bay
Columbia Astoria & Portland
Acme Siuslaw River ....
Bonim San Pedro ...:......
Jnly 3.
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .."..
, Zealandia.... Honolulu
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock.
Noyo......... Humboldt
Rainier Seattle & N. What.
Mandalay Coquille River
Corona San Die*ro .........
• Jnly 4.
Santa Barb'rr Humboldt ...
. Jnly 15.
Tj matilla. . . . . Puget Sound Ports
Ammon. Hamburg & Way.. I
Despatch..... Seattle & Falrhavn
12 m
5 pm
1 pm
9 am
2 pm
10 am
9 am
11 am
9 am
12 m
5 pm
1:30 p
10 am
11 am
3 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 16
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier -2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 11
• .¦
6 pm
10 am
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
2 pm
9 am
¦ . . !
Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 11
1 10 am
Pier 3
111 am
1 12 m
| 5 pm
jPier 9
|Pler 10
|Pler 16
Steamer.
Destination:
Sails.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
ptrigo Skaguay. & Way Ports. June 29
Senator Nome and Teller City.. June 29
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Jeanie...... Nome direct June 29
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 30
J. S. Klmball.. Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Oregon......... Nome & Teller City..... July 1
Victorian Skaguay & Way Porte. July 3
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 4
Alkl.. Skaguay & Way Ports. July "4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cheap Rates
East via
Santa Fe
The places, tlie rates for
the round trip and tha
dates of sale are below.
. The other details can t>3
had of the Santa Pe agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
July 3, 4; Aug. 22, 23;
Sept. 5, 6.
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 2O, 21.
\ CINCINNATI, $76.50
June 30 and July 1.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
COLORADO SPRINGS $55
July 8 and 9.
DETROIT, $82.25
July 1 and 2.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50.
Aug. 20 and 21.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and 18.
The best service and the
pleasantest way is fur-
nished by the
Santa Fe
price. Through C&7 A rPHHT T^
the. scenic sec- O P. il I 1 a M
tions- of three ««Xl JL ± JUXj
States. I
Make reservations early Ask for f n M«, »j
phonf^la^foi.* 1^ , 328 Moat somery ,t.. Tele-
Get a bar of Fels-Naptha
soap. ' Do your washing with it.
Say you don't like it. Your
grocer returns your, money. .
" Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
¦ A&jttMNtt am . "^M i us Hv , MbcHbA
tj[ &¥r \3 K In V Ka mam A frmw
Xjjj^ty Jt jg BSSm yam BBH WgMlift lap.^Wr
Standard remedy for Gleet, Gonorrhoea and
Runnings. In 48 hours. Cures Kidney and
Bladder Troubles.
_ RAILWAY TRAVEL.
GILIFOBII& KORTHWESTEM RI. CO.
'LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market Si
. ' San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEElq DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:80, p.- m.
SUNDAYS— *:00. 9:30. U:0O a. m.; 1:30, 8:30.
6:00, 8:20 p. xn. «
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 13:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS-8:10.. »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40.
. 6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlvt>
San Francisco. I April 23. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week] Sun- J I Sun- I Week
' Days. (, days. I Destination. ( days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 8:30 am Petaluraa. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. . 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
- Lytton.
• . • . Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml > Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
• 8:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am <.\ V: 10:40 am 10:25 am
,. 8:00 ami Guernevtlle. 7:35 pm ¦
'3:30 pm 6:00 pm| . . ¦ 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am . Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
" ¦ ' • . • . and /
E:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pml 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ¦• ;• ¦ 110:40 am|10:25am
8:30 pml 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
V Stagres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for ¦¦ Skaggs Springs : at Clpverdals
for the ; Geysers ; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay.' Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
: Springs; Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. ¦¦¦> Upper Lake. Pomo. . Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknelt's,
Sanhedrin •¦ Heights. Hullville.- Or^s Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. : West-
port. ¦ Usal. . Willlts. Laytonville. Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. . -. ,:'¦
~ Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. * . , • i s>''<* 1 )(»««*»!a^uiia^fe ! (f^;i.^i
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.- s
Ticket Office. 650 Market itreet. Chronlcl*
Building. ;¦
H. C. "WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. ¦ Gen. Pass. Agt.
a Dr. (Ribbon's Dispensary,
629 SEABNT ST. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, I-ost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearincpn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall.- Try him. Charges low. •
<'nro« gnariiiilrrd. Cull or writa
I»r. J. JF. OIBBOX, Kan Fraucisco. Cal.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1901.
FROM SAN a FRANCISCO^ a MILL VALLET
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley ana San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdav-t
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p in. y
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, •9:00. •10:00. 11:00 11-30
a. m., 12:45, •1:30, 2:30. «3:45. 5:00. 6:00, 7^30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. *
Trains marked (•) run to -San Quentln '.;• " i
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK D A YS-»5 :25. 6 :27. 7 :47. W5 ini
a, m.. •12:25. 1:15. 2:20, »3:3S. 4:40. 5:30 p m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. WednesdaVa
and Saturdays at B:45 and 10:00 p. m ays
StTNDAYS— 6:15. »8:00. 9:45, •11:00' a. *m »i*
m., 1:00. 2:15. «3:30. 4:30.. '5:43. 6:43. 7:30 "io^io
p. m. . *
: Trains marked (•) start from' San 'Quratin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISrn
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45. 7:53. 8J55 >io-m
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45.. 2:43. 3:50. 5:10. B:20 ST m M
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdav.
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 B b *""
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a in l?-n
1:20. 2:SC. 3:45. 5:00. 6:13. 7:13. 10:30 p m.' 2-15>
. THROUGH TRAINS.
«:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way ata-
3:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and wav «ta
tions. * . * ""^
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)-
Tomales and way stations •«!"•««-
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stat!*™,-
10:00 a. m. Sundays-Point Reyes 'and waV
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
T. J. A. TIEDEMANN,
General Agent Pacific Coast Department,
439 CALIFORNIA STREET,
Safe Deposit Building.-
JAS. H..BREWSTER, U. S. Manager.
Hartford, Conn.
Subscribed and eworn to before me this 22J
day of January, 1901. • . v
CLARKSON N. FOWLER.
Notary Public
Risks and Premiums. 1 Fire Risks.] Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
•written during the
year.. -" $357,480,804 $3,433,140 63
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 316.081.851 2.9S8.921 48
yet amount In force
December 3L 1900 882.670.794 3,341,691 46
charges for officers, clerks, etc 91 96J C7
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes -•- S4 t 024 90
All other payments and expenditures 116,283 50
Total Expenditure* .$2,075,619 El
=====
Fire.
.Losses incurred during the year $1,343,071 72
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $246,295 35, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,389,565 73
Faid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 393,485 61
Paid for Ealarie*. Fees, and other
Total Income $2,080,072 SS
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other source* 77.651 51
Received for Rents 2,159 82
INCOME.
JCet cash actually received for Fire
premiums : : $1,939,934 83
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 60,266 72
Received for interest and dividends
Stocks and Loans 22,402 40
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13,856 54
—Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 431,135 46
Total Assets J4.312.983 80
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $76,233 81
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 151,411 77
LoEses resisted, including expenses.. 12,300 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,330,594 75;
reinsurance 60 per cent 6SC297 37
Gross riremiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. tL951,-
096 71: reinsurance pro rata 960,431 89
Ihie and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 6,000 00
All other liabilities 188,174 07
Total Liabilities \; .|2.0S8,928 91
ASSETS. .
Ileal Estate owned by Company $218,457 56
Loans en Bonds and Mortgages 1,064,050 17
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,040,369 95
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, 8Bd other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 2,600 00
Cash in Company's Office 583 74
Cash in Banks 513,527 88
Interest due and accrued on all
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, Scotland, on the 31st day
of December, A. D. 1900. and for the year
ending on that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
AND NATIONAL
OF THE
SCOTTISH UNION
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
ST^TEnv/CEltfT
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAV
Via SaaiaUto Ferry— Foot of Market St. ¦
1.-45p;m'^---- w EEK DAYS.... < 3:35?.**.
4:15 P. M 8UJ ow lU * llt M *>>• TATKSX ) ¦ 5:55 r - M.
900 a.m. ':';'¦ P^Sp.m.
liaO A. Mih-- SUNDAYS ;. J 3:TO f. m.
130p. m. I <^ p -M-
230p. m.J j J^'-m.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Ti-Mlna leuir »u«l nr« lino tt» nrri»» at
s.4N ntAfivisvn.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
ikati — From Jcxi 15. 1901. — axkitb
7:00a Eanicia, Suisun, Elmira. VacaviHe,
Kumsey ami aacriuiento 6:S3r
7:30a Martinez, Sau Uauion, Vallejo. Nap*.
C'alisti'gaauilHauU. Uoaa «:85p
S:OOA Davis, Woodland. KnlgQU Landing.
MarTBTille. Orotille.. .v 7:3.1r
8:00a Atlantic Kxpresa— Ogden and Bait 12:25?
j»:o»a Xilea. Lathrop, Stockton ?&*t
8:00a NUes, Mendota. Hanford. Visalia,
PorterrUla 4:55*
SsSUa Shaata Express— Davia, WiUlams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Sad
BluS, Portland. 7:33r
ViaoA Sau .lose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Hacrameuto. Placerrilie,
Marjaville. Ohico. Kail IHulT 4>23r
»:3I»a Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemite). So-
nera, Canera 4:23r
»:OO k Hayward, Niles and Way Station*.. 1 1 :33a
BtOOA Vallejo I2£23r
UxUOa Loa Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, La thro p. .Stockton. Merced
Fresno ami Los Anzoles 7i93p
9:ilttt Vallejo. Martinez ami Way Station* 7l33r
IOsOOa The OYerlaud Limited— Ogden, Vta-
Ter, Omaha, Chicago C>33r
f IsOOp Sacramento Ilitar Staninara. ........ f3:O»i
3i3Op Ilaywaxd. Nilea and Way Htationi.. <7iS3r
4iO<»r Ueuieia. Winters, Hacraiuento,
Wouillaud, Knights LandiuK.
Murysillle, Oroiille.. ItiUi
4i«»p Martinez, Mail IUiuon. Vallejo,
Napa. Callstogw. Santa llosa *>93a
, 4iOOp Nilea, Livsrmore. Stockton. Lodl... I»<a3p
4s:n»r H*yward. Mies, Man .loat\ Livtrmoro t 1 *:*."**
4:3Op Port Costa. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 1os33a
5:00pThe Owl Limited— tfresuo, Toiare,
4 BakeraSeld, Saugus (or SauU Bar-
bara, Los Angeles • 8:33a
5:«Op Manin'Z, Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno 13:23>
5:O»p Yoaemita 13s*3*
. 3:30r New Orleans Express Mendota,
Fresno, Bakenfield, Lot Angeles,
Dcming. £1 Paso, Xaw Orleans
and East • 7t35»
SsHOp Hayward. NUes and Sau Jose 7>S3*
ttf:OOr Vallej.. 11:23\
GiOttp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:25p
flsOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denier,
St. Louis. Chicago. 4tS3p
7:OOp Oregon ami California Kx|>reu,Saa-
raiiiento, IMurymlllw. Iteriillug,
l'ortlmiil, I'lijst 8uintil and Kask 8:93a
8i«3pSan Pablo, Port Costa, Martian
ami Way Citations 1 1:83a
tSiOSp Vallf'o 7t33p
COAST LINE (Harrow Ua>ge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7 :45a Santa Cruz Excursion to riant* Cruz
and Principal Way Stations {SiOS*
8 : 1 .1 a Newark.Cmi terville, San Jose, Felton,
ISoiiUler Crtelc.'Saiita Cruz and Way
Stations Si30p
t '•! 1 1 3 p Newark, Ceu terTillt*. San Jose, New
Almatieu, Felton. Houlder Creek,
Santa Ciuz and l'riucipal Way
Stations !•»»•*
41s 13 r Newark, .San Jose, Los Gatos tSsav*
c<tl3pGlenwood.BonlderCreek.SantaCna «»;30.\
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroa SIS fRAS CISCO— root of Xarket Street (Slip 8>—
t7:15 9:00 11:00*. u. 1:03 3:03 t:\ir.m.
rroaOHUBD— Fwl »rBrMiw.j.— 1«:00 (9:00 t3:0J
10:00a.m. 12:33 2:33 l:C3r.U.
COAST LINE (Rroail i;»<ft).
(Third mid Townsend Sta.)
i U:I»a San Jose and Way ataUons.. ........ «:»»P
? 7:«O\ Man JoKBii.ul Way Stations.^ l»:i<»»
/7:<»«A New Almadeii : /4il0p
t7::u»A Sunday Ezcuzaion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz. Padnc Grove and
Principal Way Stations tSiSOp
8:00a Han Jose, Tres 1'inos. Santa Vtnz,
Pacilic (Jrove, Salinis, San Lois
<y .': "< ¦ Gbispo, Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermedi.te .Stations ?>3«r
1O:«Oa San Jose and Way Station,. 4>l»r
I IsXUa ban Jose ami Way Station SiSOr
i3i:l3pSan Mateo, Itodwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. SanU Clara. San .loss.
Tres Pinos. Santa Crux. Salinas,
Monterey and I'aoiHc GroTe fl"'-* 3 *
*:3«p San Jose and Way Stations 0:3ttA
M:ISp Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations Ui-43*
t3:OOp3an Jos«, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t»'***
S:3»p San Jose and Principal Way Stations Ss38a
BiOOp Redwood, Han Jose, GI!my. Salloaa,
Santa Bjrbara, Loa Angeles 10:0<U
6:00p Del Monte, Monterey. Pacilic Gxora,
Lonipoa 1O«OOa
«::t«>p San Jose ami Way Stations t*=°'»A
qll;43p SairJoseand Way Statlous 7t3ttT
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Hnnday excepted. t Snnday only.
a Saturday only. ¦ « Monday.
e Saturday snt Sunday. * / Tuesdays and THdajm.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local J Lim'd 1 Ovrl'd I Local
| Dally I « I Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:30 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced . 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:03 r» 2:35 p S:05 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0«a
"Visalia .. 3:40 p -. 4:48 a
" Bakerarid 6:13 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. Cy 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago | 2:15 p | 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars throuRh to Chicago. Chair Car rona
to BakersQeld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No s«*cond-clas»
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:33 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. ¦ ,- .
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
8:00 n. m. is the Overland E-reress. with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free - R*cliniri* Chair Cars to Chicago-
al9O Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at 555
p. m.- daily. •:
7:20 a. m;lj P%ker«Oel(J Local. atoppW
at all nolnt* In Ban Joaquin Vallev Cor-
resrvindlng train arrives at 8:40 a m'rlallv
vOfBwj-W M«rtet rtr#et and J™" F*r^y
TVrvit. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
Weekly Gall, $l per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAILWAY TEAVEL.
SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^^^j,
Very small and as easy
to take as susfar.
Ohb CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS.
Siirrnr FOR B1L10USMESS. prMIHMC
GENUINE I WR FOR TORPID LIVER. UhKUlNh
M Ly.rlL , FOR COMSTIPATIOH.
U/D A DDCD JL_H F0R SALL0W SKIH ' WRAPPER
WRAPPER MbsM [for the complexion » nArrcn
. J OEg»C?JLN.U MUST MAVe WtHATURC. _
25 Cents I Purely Veget&le./&fe*^ s Z&~*£>
"FI^IITTEID OS* REJD PAPER."
| \l Th e fi fSt thing t0 w^ en
1 Jff y° u have p 1^ u p y° ur m ' nc * to I
I %m? ffwy go east is to ask the nearest \
i j@Sr w is\ Southern Pacific ticket-agent for f
I j&& 1| a folder descriptive of the f
I ikv/h o Excursions
\^^^^Bml^^Mt y It contains just the informa- \
;-¦! W^^KSHL tion >' ou need — time-tables; a
| jW .•^iggfa&zSszr I map; illustrations of Burlington
H * / tourist sleeping cars, and a de- \
|| / scription of the scenery en route.
raj \ / ¦ From Los Angeles Mondays and
« / [R»XJ^1 Wednesdays; San Francisco Tues-
£§ S lITini!*iTmiT?n da >' s and Thursdays — Omaha, Chi-
K 1 y ra4&£$?tJ caco. Kansas City, St. Louis—
9 &V JJWU^^JJtijEj ?3{Mll8 EVERYWHERE cast.
fi JEwIffi«e31ffi*^/ [j&ttaifeifeSJl W. D. Sanborn, Geni Ag?.,
fl JmmWI^^^^^ ¦ '¦ I I ' I 631 Market street, Saa Francisco. ©The swordflsh which exist in the Pacific
Ocean do not usually exceed 400 pounds in
weight. *
Some idea of its immense size may be
gained when it is stated that when the
monster was dissected a striped bass
weighing thirty pounds was found in its
stomach. Its dorsal fin was about a foot
in length, while its tail expanded almost
two and a half feet. Its sword measured
over three feet and was equipped on the
under side, with sharp teeth. The car
cass will be placed on exhibition to-mor
row at Fishermen's wharf.
ITALIAN FISHERMAN
LANDS A BIG PHIZE
Captures a Monstrous Swordfish in
His Net OS the Los'An
geles Coast. .
A magnificent specimen' of swordflsh,
weighing 700 pounds and measuring al
most 15 feet from the tip of his tall to the
end of his sword was captured Thursday
afternoon by Antone Ballanti, an Italian
fisherman, just off the coast of Los An
geles. The leviathan was captured in a
net which the fisherman was using for
halibut. It was brought to this city and
all day yesterday was the object of great
curiosity among the Italian fishermen In
the vicinity of A. Bellanti's fish market
on Clay street, where it was on exhibi
tion.
The committee In charge of the arrange
ments for the Epworth League Conven
tion is planning {o.have the offlciai colors
and emblems predominant in all private
as well as public \ decorations. - Busi
ness, men and other citizens who
! have promised to dress their buildings in
gala attire for the affair havelbeen ap
prised of the desires of the league in this
matter, and the red and white and the
Maltese cross will be everywhere conspic
uous. I
Chairman Norton of the decoration com
•mittee reports that thousands . ol\ banners
are being- made for use in the parades and
for the adornment of the meeting 1 places.
The fiaff is red, yellow and white. The
red and white are the colors of the Meth
odist Episcopal church I proper and gold
and white are the colors of the Methodist
church South. The Maltese cross occu
pies a prominent position in the center of
the flag. The California bear is also rep
resented. As in all other insignia of the
organization, the league motto, "Look up,
lift up," also appears.
The badge which will be worn by' the
delegates is particularly artistic. It con
sists of ribbon on which is represented
the British and American flags crossed
and dependent is a Maltese cross of or
ange .wood. On the cross are etched the
bear, Bridal Veil Falls, a view of-Wa
wona and. The Call building, with, Market
street stretching to the hills in the back
ground. In the center of the cross is the
league motto and a representation of the
setting sun as seen through the Golden
Gate.
Hundreds of guides for the visitors have
been appointed. They will wear an ap
propriate uniform, as will the "train sec
tic ns" selected- to greet the delegates in
Sacramento, Los Ang-eles, San Jose,
Stockton and other cities.
Excursion trains from the East' will be
trimmed appropriately and bear across
the continent the symbols of the Epworth
League. The league has a distinctive mis
sion in the religious world and so far as
possible it is intended to let this fact be
krifwn. .
Very Artistic Designs for
the Badges and Other
7 , Insignia.
Motto and Colors. of the
Society Will Be
: Prominent.
LEAGUE SYMBOLS
IN DECORATIONS
The detectives are still investigating the
mysterious blaze and supposed robbery in
the saloon of C. Eastman at Ellis and
Mason streets Friday morning with little
chance of ever landing .the culprit.
On account of the' suspicions of Eastman
the police yesterday detained James Gilli-
Ean, a stable boy, who was seen in ' the
vicinity of the place on the night of the
double crime. Last night he was released
as Captain Seymour is Batiefled that he
Is innocent. Gllligan claims that the
"Jimmy" marks on the cash register were
made about a month ago, thus contradict
ing Eastman's statement. The. latter has
all -along maintained that the supposed
robber, after breaking open the register,
set the place on fire to cover up his crime.
He pointed to the marks on the register
to enow that the culprit used a "Jimmy"
to force It open.
Captain Seymour is Inclined to believe
the boy'c statement. MSKSSSKstmtSB&S
mour Doubts the Truth of Pro
prietor's Statement.
Mystery Deepens and Captain Sey-
FIB.E IN EASTMAN'S
>[ ,: PLACE PUZZLES "POLICE
Burglars broke Into the residence of Dr.
T. E. Ballly, 817 Golden -Gate avenue]
Thursday afternoon and stole $100 In
money, some, surgical instruments and
jewelry valued at more than $500. The
Jewelry, which consisted o,f three dia
mond rings and a gold watch, belonged to
Mrs. Dyer, the sister of Dr. Bailly ¦•»,.-
Mrs. Dyer discovered her loss upon he'r
return from a drive in the park - - She
found the front door bolted on the inside
and the basement window, which she had
locked before leaving, open. She hastilv
summoned the neighbors and with them
entered the house.
They found costly raiment- tossed in a
heap on the floor ., and . Mrs. Dyer's Jewel
case emptied of its costly contents. Trunks
and bureau drawers had been forced onen
with a jimmy and the contents thorough
ly searched for valuables. From one of
the drawers. the houBe-breakers took five
twenty-dollar gold pieces.. The' burglars
broke open , Dr. Ballly'g ¦ instrument case
and took several of the most, valuable
pieces. - ...
Detectives 'Dinan- and .Wren; who are
working on the case, strongly ouspecttwo
young men who were seen In the vicinity
a few. minutes after Mrs. Dyer had left
.he house. ... • . ...,.¦ . .., ,;-.
PHYSTCT.A2TS RESIDENCE
' ENTERED BY BURGLARS
Business Houses Asked to Decorate
The parade committee of the Fourth of
July celebration has issued circulars call-
Ing upon residents of the city to Join In
the celebration of the natlou's birthday.
The committee also requests business men
along the line of march of the parade to
decorate their places of business. The
committee invites all discharged volunteer
soldiers to assemble at the corner of Mar
ket and Battery streets at 10 a. m. July 4.
A place will be assigned the ex-soldiers in
the parade.
CHICAGO, \ June 28.— Final arrange
ments were made to-day for the fifth an
nual convention of the American Live
stock Association and the' second annual
livestock exposition, which will be held
in this city December 3 to 6 inclusive.
John W. Springer, president of the asso
ciation, has leased the Studebaker Thea
ter for the sessions. Discussing the pros
pects for the convention and exposition he
said:
"This will be the most notable conven
tion in the history of our organization and
with the exposition will command an at
tendance of 250,000 people. We have ar
ranged for some of the ablest talkers in
this country and abroad to discuss topics
of interest to up to date stock raisers. The
sessions will be held from 9:30 a. m. to
1:30 p. m. each day, the adjournments be
ing taken early because of the splendid
exhibition at the Union Stock Yards of
the finest aggregation of horses, cattle
and sheep and hogs ever hrought together
in this country or any other. ¦ -.*¦
"One day of the convention will be de
voted to matters affecting legislation
Five or six bills will be submitted to the
delegates before being presented to Con
gress. There are numerous Questions in
which the livestock industry is interested
that demand an immediate solution, and
our association must consider its welfare
The attendance will be laree. and Gov
ernor Yates will be asked to deliver the
opening address, while Mayor Harrison
probably will welcome the visitors. The
complete programme will soon be ready
for the public."
Exposition at Chicago
Will Be a Notable
Affair.
RARE LIVESTOCK
WILL BE SHOWN
The following named will serve as the officers
of the San Francisco Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood for the ensuing term: George
Norton. P.; R. S. Barclay, P. P.; A. Terkel
V. P.; Miss Carrie E. Kelsey, S.; Parker S
"Wilbur, T. • Ida E. Marley, C. ; S. A. Vance
sergeant; Willard Fairbanks, 'M. at A'.; Howard
S. Hobbs. I. D. K.; George E. Stocking. O. D.
K.; Harry "W. Merrltt and Laura P. Terkel,
trustees. •„ - - • - _..>
Loyal Circle of the Companions of the Forest
has elected the following-named officers, ¦• who
will be installed on the 10th of July: Mrs.
Gamre. chief companion; Mrs. Baker, sub chief
companion: Mrs. Lizzie Prltchard, treasurer;
Mrs. M. Senne, financial secretary; Miss J.
Lindsey. recording secretary; Mrs. Conway,
right guide; Miss A. Brown, left guide] Miss
Conway, inside guard and Miss Daley, outside
guard.
Dr. Elizabeth S. Lynch, physician. • Annie E.
Kyhan will become the past president. .
The following named have been elected the
officers of Las Lomas Parlor, N. D. G. "W., to
serve for the ensuing term: Marian Lay ton,
president (re-elected); Anna Lacy, Rose Smith
and Margaret Dunn, vice presidents (re-elect
ed); Lillie Kern, marshal; Kittle "Whalen, re
cording secretary; Emma Brlellng, financial
secretary (re-elected); Mary "Waters, treasurer
(re-elected); Cecelia Agard, inside, and Mamie
Lacy, outside sentinel; Siddle P. Daggett, Em
ma Schofleld and Alice Driecoll,* trustees; Hat
tie Ehlert, organist (re-elected); Dr. Louise
Deal, physician (re-elected).
In view of these facts and the further
allegation that the company had no op
portunity to be heard before the rate was
finally passed the company demands Judg
ment as stated.
The complaint first deals with the steps
taken by the board in passing the ordi
nance. It was passed to print February
28, between 11:30 p. m. and midnight. On
March 18 it was defeated, but on recon
sideration was passed April L The plain
tiff corporation avers that in passing the
ordinance the board acted arbitrarily, op
pressively and unjustly, with the object
in view of diverting from the reasonable
Income of the water company money for
ether purposes. It is also declared that
in passing the ordinance the Supervisors
"were not actuated by the motive to
establish reasonable and fair rates, but
were actuated and influenced to pass the
same for the purpose of attempting to
gain from the citizens of San Francisco
personal popularity and favor."
Continuing the company sayo that the
plant in actual operation is valued at over
$35,000,000; that the company has borrowed
more than $13,412,000 and carries a mort
gage of $13,075,000; that the interest on
mortgages and other 4 debts for the year
ending June 30, 1902, Is $640,000; that the
operating: expenses are $450,000, and that
the taxes on the company's properties
will be $250,000.
Suit was filed yesterday by the Spring
Valley Water Company to declare null
and void the ordinance passed by the
Board of Supervisors on April 1 fixing the
water rate for the next fiscal year and
to enjoin the board from fixing: any rate
except upon a valuation of $35,000,000, the
value placed upon the water works by the
plaintiff corporation in its complaint.
Asks Court to Set Aside
Ordinance Recently
Passed.
SPRING VALLEY
WANTS HEN RATE
THE local lodges of the Knights
of Honor will this evening cele
brate, with their friends, the
twenty-eighth anniversary of the
foundation of the order by an en
tertainment and ball in Odd Fellows'
Hall. The general committee that has
arranged for the event consists of a com
mittee of .three from each of the lodges.
The following constitute the sub-com
mittees:
Officers of general committee— Past' Dictator
B. E. Gecrpe, chairman; Grand Treasurer
Charles Lampe, treasuier, and Grand Vice Dic
tator Charles H. Holcomb, secretary.
Reception committee — Supreme Represents
tlve Charles F. Curry. Past Dictators E. T.
Mtnnehan, H. Warnholz. John Cronin and P. J.
Smith, J. Boas and J. W. Cramer.
Entertainment committee— Lawrence Buck
ley, Past Dictators A. Morris and Dr. \7. Z.
King:. Past Grand 'Dictators Fred Raabe and
J. W. Cramer, and ' Andrew Olsen.
Floor committee — Thomas Martin, manager;
J. J. Beran. assistant manager; J. D. Nonken,
Charles Maguire, F. F. Wtdekihd and N. H,.
Hirehfield.
Music committee — Past Dictators R. J. Sands
and Charles W. Apgar, and N. Hersfeld.
Printing and promotion — Past Dictators
Thomas Billingsee, D. Davis and E. Kauffman.
Doorkeeper— Past Dictator A. G. E. Barthold.
The following programme has been ar
ranged for the occasion:
Overture by the orchestra; address by Past
Grand Dictator Barnes; selections by the Man
dollnita Club: vocal solo, Ethlyn Cramer; pan
tomime In two acts, Joe Rosborough; "Non e
Ver," Miss Mary Hagan; "Carrie Nation's
Temperance Lecture," Harry Nelman; vocal
selections, "William McDonald, late of the Bos
tonians; "Just to Make You Laugh," Messrs.
Kelly and Marlowe. Dancing till midnight.
• • •
Martha "Washington Council of the Daughters
of Liberty has elected the following officers for
the ensuing term: Mrs. A. Thornsgle, coun
cilor; Miss G. Deemer, associate councilor;
Mies M. Hamilton, vice councilor; Miss M.
Ketel, associate vice councilor; Miss L. Lord,
associate recording secretary; Miss M. Bannis
ter, lnsli* and Miss G. Bannister. " outside
guard; Miss S. Gardner, guide; Miss M.~L*athe
row. recording secretary; Miss Edith Muhlner,
financial secretary; Mrs. S. M. Smith, treasur
er; Mies Alice Provence, trustee, and Mrs. K.
Cattron. pianist. Miss E. Moore will become
the Junior past councilor and Mrs. Isabella M.
Strong the Junior associate councilor.
The following are the officers chosen to serve
for Young Ladies' Institute No. 1 for the en
suing term: Mrs. M. Peacock, president; Mrs.
M la. Gregg and Jennie Malone. vice presi
dents; Lizzie C A. Terry, recording, and Kit
tie Donovan, financial secretary; Katie Mona
han. treasurer; Martha Coppage, marshal; Mrs.
M. E Hill, Winnie Byrnes, Alice Dowling,
Mary Driscoll and Mrs. A. Sweeney, trustees;:
The matter was reported to the police
last evening, but it Is not believed that
Ruisinger will be prosecuted if he Is
found, as he is a favorite with the men
with whom he has been associated and
whom he is said to have robbed. Rui-
Eir.ger is 42 years old. of heavy build and
a jovial man with all his acquaintances.
He is supposed to possess some means.
When Ruisinger left the city last Tues
day he Informed a few of his personal
friends that he was going to Chicago. He
was seen on Wednesday morning in
Bakersfield and since that time all trace
of him has been lost.
The missing man is well known to the
butchers of this city. He came from Den
ver about fifteen years ago and has
worked for many years in the Bay City
Market. He resigned his position there to
become a Deputy Meat Inspector of the
Health Board, but gave the official posi
tion up when there was a legal tangle
over payment of salaries of the depart
ment. Ruisirger then went to -work for
Echrader Brothers In the New City Hall
Market and his last position was in a
store at the corner of Ellis and Market
streets. - -
Came Here From Denver.
"The members of the union expected to
receive about $6 each when the funds of
the union were divided up. I don't think
that Ruisinger has defaulted in any larger
sum. We were all his friends and if he
was in trouble and had come to us we
would have made his shortage good and
nothing would have been made public"
Investigation made at 721 Ellis street,
where Ruisinger has lived for the past
three years shows that he left the city
on Tuesday last and that his wife left
town the same day. A subtenant in the
house stated yesterday that Ruisinger
and his wife had not removed their prop
erty from the house and had not even
taken any trunks away with them.
It was learned yesterday that Ruisinger
had been playing the races and that while
he boasted of making heavy winnings he
was a loser to a considerable extent. ••
"Ruisinger has skipped out, and the
books of Butchers' Union 115 show
that he is short J12i5. 'While many men
belong to the two organizations, they
were distinct. The Protective Union was
founded in 1SS6, and is a fraternal and
beneficial organization, while Union 115
was formed four months ago, but was to
go out of existence on the last day of this
month. I have examined the books of the
Protective Union and find that there is
no shortage in our funds unless Ruisinper
has neglected to pay the railroad com
pany for our share of the expense in
curred at our recent picnic. The books
cf the other union. No. 115, snow that
?12£5 should be on hand.
George Schade of the Cable Meat Mar
ket. California, and Polk streets, who is
financial secretary of the Journeymen
Butchers' Protective Union, made the fol
lowing statement yesterday:
"I c^mnot believe it is possible," said
Davis, "for Ruisinger was my best friend.
I understand he has not been seen since
Tuesday, and that his books show there
is a shortage. I cannot say at present
what we will do in the matter. The union
had about J130Q on hand, and Ruisinger
had the custody of the funds."
President Davis Surprised.
President Ben Davis of the Amalga
mated Butchers' Union returned yester
day morning from. Los Angeles. It was
with great surprise that he learned that
Ruisinger had slipped out and that the
funds of the union were missing.
Wednesday night Ruisinger was j still
missing and an investigation of his books
was at once ordered. It was learned that
Ruisinger had left the city Tuesday morn-
Ing, and his wife was also reported to be
in the country. Yesterday the various
officers of the two organizations of which
the missing man was treasurer went over
the books, and while every effort was
made to shield Ruisinger, it was evident
that the disappearance of the treasurer
had caused much uneasiness.
The first intimation that the two or
ganizations had that there was anything
•wrong was on Tuesday evening last, when
the regular meeting of the two unions
was held. Ruisinger was not on hand,
but while the members present thought
that it was strange he should not be pres
ent, no action was taken until Wednes
day night, when the election of officers
of the Journeymen Butchers took .place.
Charles M. Rulslngrer, treasurer of the
Amalgamated Meat Cutters' and Butchers'
¦Workmen's Union and the Journeyman
Butchers* Protective Union, is missing
and an investigation of the books of the
former union has discovered the fact, it
is claimed, that he is a defaulter in the
sum of J12S5.
Missing Man Show a
Shortage.
It Is Alleged That Books of
Butchers' Union Treas
urer Suddenly Leaves
the City.
C. M. RUISINGER
UNDER A CLOUD
KNIGHTS OF HONOR WILL
CELEBRATE ANNIVERSARY
Entertainment and Dance in Odd Fellows' Hall
This Evening for Members and Their Friends.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SATURDA Y, JTJNE 29, 1901.
CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEE
OF ARRANGEMENTS FOR K.
OP H. ENTERTAINMENT.
9
j THE COSMOPOLITAN INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT COMPANY OF CHICAGO,
|, ' "' ' ILLINOIS,
; INFRINGING MANUFACTURERS
1 of incandescent mantles. ;15^^
I Attempt to Deceive the Public
|. by. offering for sale mantles under the name WELSBACH without authority and not of our
i; II Judge Lacombe, of the United States Circuit Court,
!l||| I Grants a Restraining Order,
; restraining and enjoining E. B. Spalding, a dealer in New York City, from the further sale
! or use of the mantles manufactured by the above named company, bearing our trade name,
I DEALERS ARE CAUTIONED
• not to sell or offer for sale any mantles t manufactured by others whereupon our trade
> name "WELSBACH" is used without our authority,. undCP penalty of Civil and
! criminal prosecution.
I TO THE PUBLIC.
\. "When you buy the Genuine Welsbach Mantle, know that you get ft* Our
? trade name "WELSBACH" is on tKe box, is marked upon the mantle and the box is sealed.
I The label bears our name as manufacturers. !
\ Accept No Substitute.
I WELSBACH LIGHT COMPANY.
soeo*««aooeai>«*oee9e$oe99«oooo«6Qeed09eoeQOQOoe90GceoeeoecoGooeeo4
'ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POSTUM CEBEAX.
AU sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people are
using it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world, is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware 'of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
— -OF THE- —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 21st day of December,
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the provi-
sions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash v •' $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $342,915 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 784,659 26
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 610.172 60
Amount of Loans • secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 181.S21 27
Cash in Company's Office 18,146 17
Cash in Banks 106,382 33
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 15,220 74
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 27.288 71
Premiums in due Course of Collection 135.107 37
Rents due and accrued 600 00
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 1,225 01
Total Assets .$2,223,536 35
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $22,535 94
Losses in process of - Adjustment or
in Suspense 58,220 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 8,663 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- -
ning one year or less. $715,329 00;
reinsurance 50 percent 257.664 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,441,-
¦ 862 00; reinsuranca pro rata 727.912 38
Total Liabilities .$1,174,995 80
INCOME.-
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums :£•••: $936,960 16
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages •V"":"V/VJ"^" 45>233 M
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other source* 87.628 89
Received for Rents „ 4,365, 81
Received from all other sources 840 68
Total Income $1,025,088 38
' I EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Firo Losses (in-
cluding $91,803 08, losses of previous
years) • $567,443 45
Dividends to Stockholders 60.240 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 179,246 12
Paid for Salaries.- Fees and other
Charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 92.930 57
Paid for State, National and Local
taxe« 48,287 44
AU other payments and expenditures 108.514 82
Total Expenditures $1,046,642 40
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year 8570,430 80
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $159,384,200 $1,500.35173
Net amount . of Risks
expired during the
year 166.027.700 1.421.035 73
Net .- amount * In force
December 81. 1900 282.529.200 1. 157. 191 00
'¦.- ¦¦ -.;•:, C. PATTERSON. Vice Prest.
. W. H. STEVENS. Sec'y. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this ZSth
day of January. 190L C. F. PECK.
Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-13 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
GEO,H,MURDOCK,
CITY AGENT.
412 California Street.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tho .Cups of Gonorrhoea, Gleets.
Strictures and analogous complaint*
' "off the Orftans off Generation.
Price " U a bottle. For sal* by druggtsts.
st.a.t:e:me:n-t
STATEMENT
OF THE '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE —
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 21st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 6U of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by tha
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS ""* ~~" ™ '
Real Estate owned by Company $404,379 50
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 936,473 53
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 807,710 IS
Amount of Loans secured by pledga
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 2.800 M
Cash In Company's Office 9,210 51
Cash In Banks 139,098 29
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans - 95 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
. and Mortgages 15,248 74
Premiums in due Course of Collection 133,139 87
Interest and Rents due 7,960 04
Ground rents, well secured 20.K0 00
Rents accrued 231 23
Total Assets .$3,477,089 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $27,170 40
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 82.941 09
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 6,991 55
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,033.50192;
reinsurance 50 per cent..., 519.250 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,012-
254 IS: reinsurance pro rata 506.977 13
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 577,277 41
Total Liabilities .0.729.708 5S
INCOME. *i~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ...$1,305.20133
Deposit premiums on perpetual risks. M.793 45
Received for Interest on Ebnds and
Mortgages „. 50.377 55
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from *
all other sources 40,660 21
Received far Rents 8.864 09
Received from all other sources 2.815 43
Total Income $1,433,708 93
EXPENDITURES. *
Net amount said for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $170,385 32, losses of previous
years) $987,733 24
Deposit premiums returned 18.154 27
Dividends to Stockholders 25,000 08
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 394.989 83
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 48.100 00
Paid for State. National and Local
' taxes .*. 47,885 62
All other payments and expenditures 174.347 98
Total Expenditures $l,6C«,2is 07
*' yire.
Losses Incurred daring the year $943,455 98
Risks and Premiums. Firo Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $198,369,667 $1,697,384 18
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
ye«r •• 190.651.410 1.624.12S 93
Net amount in force
December 21. 1900 187.413.199 2.050.858 10
THO8. H. MONTGOMERY. Pv«st.
RICHARD MARIS, Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 1st
day of February, 190L H. F. RSARDON.
Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGBNT8.
4IM3 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
C.'A. HENRY <& CO.,
CITY AGENTS,
215 San8ome Street.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON ST8.— RE-
tnodeled and renovated. KINO. WARD 4
CO. ' European plan. Rooms. 50c to II JO day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: flr* grates la every
! room; elevator, runs all night.
OPTHE— ,
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1900, and. for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, ' condensed as per blank furnished by tba
Commissioner:
\ CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash 1703.875 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $162,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 128,700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 880,838 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stock* and other market-
able securities as collateral 50,000 00
Cash In Company's Office... 469 48
Cash in Banks 157,197 68
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 12,749 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,818 34
Premiums in due course of Collection 113,231 46
Bents due and accrued . 639 23
Total Assets *'. $1,507,201 67
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid....'. $1.29* S3
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense , .' M,«5 48
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 1.875 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $360,609 60;
reinsurance 60 per cent , 120,204 80
Gross premium on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $663,- '¦•
949 61- reinsurance pro rata 246,67(00
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 108,924 50
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 77 00
Total Liabilities .. ....... .........: ; $699.549 80
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Flr«
premiums •••••• $684,999 64
Deposit premiums on perpetual risks 14.613 15
Received for interest on Bonds and . .
Mortgages ;... 4.B29 II
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources {... 46,623 17
Received for. Rente 9,820 00
Received from all other sources 1,112 50
Total Income $761,696 68
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦, . EXPENDITURES. • • -. ¦
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding J81.894 45, losses of pre-
vious years) $474,554 61
Deposit premiums returned.... 4,595 81
Dividends to Stockholders 42,193 50
Paid or allowed for Commission or ¦ .
Brokerage .V.... .............. 146,882 44
Paid for Salaries, . Fee« and other
charges for ofneers, clerks, etc.... 73.70J 80
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes .......:.....• 29,505 84
AU other payments and expendi-
tures - .71,911 23
¦ Total Expenditures $842,844 64
'¦'¦^ "fin.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $475.730 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks Tr-?i."y
written during the
Year ...•• $94,602,824 $1,084,959 73
Net amount of .Risks
expired during -the -
year ;...:.............. 79.401,168 996,247 70
Net amount in force .:
December 81.. 1900..... 106,836.046 1,024,559 21
'.-•-. CHAS. H. YARN ALL, Vice PreitT"
HENRY LYLBURN, Sec'y. •
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Slat
day of January, 1901. •* ¦•
RICH'D H. REILLT.
. . - Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
.GENERAL AGENTS,
411-13 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
ROBERTSON; & NIPPERT,
CITY AGBNT8,
216 Sansomo Street.
1 nfi wjTTtftn fflTi'nMxniirniiMiViinii'niimr'ii nimwwTrtsiriiiisMit
STATEMENT
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK '
¦ jJCHY
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
Name can be given, upon application, by
the • Pcptum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle
Creek, Mich. •
"Hurband showed Rome signs of coffee
poisoning, such as stomach trouble and
other eymptoms, so ho left off the coffee
• end drinks Postum with me. This has im-
proved his health, and he says he likes
Postum better than he did the old fash-
ioned coffee.
"W© mifirht have been saved our trouble
If we had known the truth about coffee,
but we were Ignorant, as are thousands of
other*, and had to learn by experience.
"PJea^e do not use my name in pub-
lic."
"I have persisted in the use of Postum
until now my nervous system is In per-
fect condition.
"I had some Postum Food Coffee made
according to directions. I took another
cup at tea time. At night, to my great
surprise, I fell quietly asleep and rested
well all night. It seems Incredible after
only one day's use, but it is positively a
truthful statement
"After one such horrible night, which I
shall never forg-et, I arose completely
worn out with my night's battle, but with
a firm resolve to set aside my morning
cup of coffee, as I began to believe that
was the cause of my trouble.
"When I would drop asleep I would seem
to receive a perfect electric shock ffpm
feet to head through every nerve of my
body. It was dreadful. I would finally
become so feverish and exhausted with
this horror repeated over and over each
time I fell asleep, that I was obliged to
force myself to stay awake, actually not
daring to think of rest
She says: "I am impressed with the de-
sire, not only to thank you personally for
relief, but realize that others may have
the same distressing symptoms without
thinking- of the cause.
It is remarkable, the curious and dif-
ferent ways coffee will affect the human
body. A little lady In Herkimer. N. T.,
had an experience that may happen to
others, but It is not common.
Woman's Fight With a Demon.
A NIGHT STRUGGLE.
I MQH01Y I
0 tun |1I» Great Train 1
EJ AND I
1 runs buf twice 1
n P*r wetk during 9
I THURSDAY rr^
|! THE Leaving at 9 am,
H *~ It arrives in
¦3 Chicago at 2.15
g| ' wsl Sundays.
iiiHirin- —
I Ll Sillily Its nig* standard I
H of service Is n
I 0N fully maintained, j
I! ufllllflj It ; iBusiness continues Inactive and feature!^
on all the exchanges, and there were few
Siffn e * S « ln 01 ™. Gas and Electric sold
* 43 ln the afternoon. *
h-J^ti 13 ?? 1 2 ua « e ny dividend of «0c per share
Ba&'SSK 8 fi^ Company wm
. The French Savings and Loan Society has
STOCK MARKET.
Articles— ;• Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. f— . . -,
Juno . .;.. .... ' eg
July 66T4 66% 66 66VI
September ' 67 67 66% .66%
Corn No. 8— ' . . ¦ • •
June .-. - .... 42%
July 43 43% 42% -43
September 44% 44ft ¦ 44% u%
December ......... .42 42% 41% 42%
Oats No. 2— » ¦ - r ;'.••. i- •'
July ................ 26% . . • 27 ¦ 26% 26%
September 26% 26% 26% 26%
October 29% 29% 29 29^4
Mess Pork, per barrel—
July'.....'...; '..14 60 14 60 14 50 14 55
September.... 14 80 14 80 14 67% 14 73
Lard, per 100 pounds — . - '¦
July 8 60 8 60 , 8 67% 8 60
September ......... 8 67% ¦ 8 67% 8 65 8 67%
October ...: ..8 65 8 67% ' 8 62% 8 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— ' ¦¦
July .8 00 8 00 "7 97% 8 00
September 8 12%. 8 12% ,,8 07H 8 12%
Cash quotations were • as ' follows: Flouri
quiet and weak ; No. 3 spring wheat. 62@65c ;
No. 2 i*ed,'66@66%c; No. 2 corn. 42%043%c; No/
2 yellow, 42%c; No. 2 oats, 27 : Kc: No. 2 white
30y a <a;31iie ; i No. 3 white, 28%@30%c : No. ¦ 2 rye
4S@49c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 88; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 88; prime timothy seed, $4 25@4 30; mess
pork,- per: barrel, $14 55@14 60; > lard.v per 100
pounds, $8 57%@8 60; short-rib' sides (loose),
$7 90@8 10: dry salted shoulders . (boxed), $7 12%
@7 23; short clear sides .(boxed). $S 35@8 45
whisky, basis. of high wines, $127; clover, con
tract ¦ grade, : $9 50. , - -. .~- ' \ . . : - . ¦ .
Articles—. . ¦ ,. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour,, barrels ........... 19,000- . 15,000
Wheat, bushels..:... ....:.. .106,000 •.. 187,000
Corn, - : bushels .1 .....155,000 ' -46,000
Oats, bushels ; ..'.... ....142,000 93,000
Rye, bushels ....... :..;;;..." 4,000' .......'
Barley, bushels ... •.........'.. .5.000 - - ¦ 4,000
; " OnHhe. Produce Exchange ¦ to-day ' the butter
High temperatures have. aided the distribu
tion of seasonable goods at retail and stimu
lated reorder demands from' wholesalers," al
though the volunme of business has been lim
ited by the fact that sellers are not disposed
to commit themselves largely in view of the
unsettled outlook for raw material prices.
There is also a better tone in woolen goods,
and -this is reflected In firmer quotations for
the finer grades of raw material. ¦
¦ Boot and shoe shipments are well up to the
maximum again, exceeding 100,000 cases from
Eastern points for the week, while. the margin
in favor of-this year's shipments continues to
'grow. Export demand for leather continues
good and ¦ there is reported an active i com
petition for goat skins . between domestic and
foreign buyers.
Iron" -and steel ;¦ show few notably- new
features. The price of Bessemer pig has* been
definitely ' fixed for . the third quarter . of ' the
year, and no doubt exists that a heavy busi
ness has recently, been done.. Foundry pig is
rather quiet, and, on the whole, is not strong.
The machinists' strike has unquestionably
hurt this line of. business, but this trouble ap
pears to be subsiding, and the settlement of
the tin plate scale, an advance being conceded
to its workingmen, leads : to the expectation
that other branches of the trade will have a
like amicable settlement with their employes.
Advices from British markets are that Ameri
can steel billets are. being, -offered at very low
prices, which, > in view of the strength , of bil
lets at . home, may . be taken to Indicate ¦ that
American manufacturers are in the export
business to stay.
Seasonable weather has cometo the aid -of
the corn plant and that great staple has made
good progress, although still undeniably . back
ward. Winter ¦ wheat 'harvesting -- has * pro
gressed under exceptionally .favorable circum
stances,' and reports as . to quantity and • qual
ity confirm earlier. sanguine advices. * .
. For ." the week . prices ' show .- little change.
NEW YORK. June 28.— Bradstreet' s to-mor
row will, say:
Trade, crop and industrial developments this
week have been largely favorable, temporarily,
for more money, due to July Interest disburse
ment preparations and slight financial troubles,
due to Improper business methods, not de
tracting from the generally satisfactory and
confident feeling with which the half year in
Bradstreet' s on Trade.
* 4
CHICAGO, June 28.— Disappointing cables and
excellent crop reports were the features which
caused a weak opening. Early in the morn
ing the selling was quite general for both
the local and outside accounts. The buying,
however, was confined mostly to profit taking
shorts, who bought freely on the decline, and
prices rallied somewhat. September opened %c
lower at 66%<§«7c. but dropped to 66%c on com
mission house selling. On covering by shorts
there was a Blight rally- and the close was
%©%c lower at 66%c- . .
Corn opened easier on favorable weather in
sympathy with wheat. Reports of poor crops
in Kansas and Nebraska caused a firmer feel
ing to prevail. September closed unchanged
at 44%c.
I Considerable business was done in the oats
market, but the prices ranged within a narrow
JUmlt. September closed a shade lower - at
Weakness prevailed in' provisions and the
opening was . unchanged to 2%c lower.- Prices
held steady during the/ day on demand for
September lard, which was wanted by commis
sion houses. There ¦ was considerable selling
of July ribs by commission houses. .September
pork closed 6c lower, lard 2%c lower and ribs
unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
The markets are liberally supplied with ta«
seasonal varieties of fruits and vegetables, and
prices show little change from last week.'
Coal, per ton-
Canned $-^— <©13 00 Southfleld
Wellington. @ll 00 1 Wellington $— «W1 M
Seattle 9 00© Coos Bay.Y..\IZ07 m
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq. 33045 Ranch Egrs n#r
Do. good 23©30 dozen !...'..!!;. JftftV-
Cheese. Cal 12® 15 Honey Comb »er"^^
Cheese. Eastern.. 17@20 pound .. 15tfr*a
Cheese, Swiss ....20®35 Do, extracted"" gain
Common Eggs..l3@l7% «"wwa... s©io
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60060 Turkeys, per lb...l7«20
Young Roosters, Duck,, each ... 4O0W
«ach 63@83 Geese, each ..$1 25ai5fl
Old Roosters, ea.. 40050 Pigeons, pair Swjt?
Fryers, each 60©— Rabbits, pair .""to®--
Broilers, each ....30030 Hare, each _^
Meats, per lb— " **
Bacon 13013 Round Steak . i0ia_
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak "isulZ
Do. good 10®- Tenderloin do isaH
£° a r m ed Beef Port « h °«« do::i 7 %|^
Ham — <Blo Smoked Beef . 2ft»_
Lard -015 Pork, salt! i6ffli«I
M«"on -©12 Pork Chops i:;; 1 . 0^
Lamb 120- Pork Sausages mum
Pork, fresh 130— Veal ..? i,^ 1 "*
Fruits and Nuts— *-«—
m Ila u I S!L, <lM - • - 12H@23 PeacnesV^r 'ib^S •
Blackberries. dwr.2.VS35 Pears, lb ....... J» |
S!!! 1 "- »**¦ lt>.. 10@20 Plums, lb ....... a» 1
Logan Berries, Watermelons, ea.. 33040
per drawer ....35@40
Vegetables-
Asparagus, per lb. 5@.1O Okra, dried, lb. . .— «33
Artifhokes, doz...23@40 Green Peppers. Ib40®50
Be*, doz 10® — Potatoes, per lb 2%@
Beans, white, lb. 6® — New, do 1%@ 1
Colored, per lb. 5#— Rhubarb, per lb.. 5@—
Dried Lima. lb.. 6<fp 8 Sweet Potatoes.lb 3@—
Cabbage, each 5(3 — Parsnips, per ds.10©
Cauliflowers, each 5@ — Radishes, dz bchs.lo<a;f»
Celery, head 50— Sage, doz bnchs..25®3i>
Cress, doz bnchs.l3(S20 String. Beans, lb.. 50 S
Cucumbers/ doz ..10<g3C Summer Squash
Egg Plant, lb 15(S20 per lb 4» I
Green Peas. lb... 3@ 5 Sprouts, per 1J>.. — 4*—
Green Corn. doz.. 12@30i Spinach, per lb . 5@—
Lettuce, per doz.. 15020 rhymne, doz bchs 25fi3i>
Onions, per lb.... 5© 6 Turnips, per doz..lOU—
Leeks, doz bnchs.ld^IOITomatoes, per lb.. S@ 8
Fish-
Barracuda 12%®— .Striped Basa .... — <8—
Can> -®— Sea Baas I5ff-
Catftsh- 10©- Smelts 13f-
Codflah 12@15 Soles uff--
Flounders 8@10 Skates, each ...'. $«?«»
Halibut 8@12% Squid ipjiJ-
Ilerring v— O— Tomcod «?—
Mackerel U5@-^- Turbot ... —®—
Do. horse 10@— Trout 40C 1 -
£ erch .....— fg>— Whlteflsh .........10@—
Rockflsh .... io®_ Do. hardshell, lb S?1O
Salmon, fresh ....20®23 Crabs, each ....... 15«I0
Do. smoked ....13@40 Mussels, quart ... »@19
bnrlmps _@_ Oysters. Cal. 1C0..4C@50
Shad 6® 8 Do. Eastern. dz.M®40
Eggs are cheaper. Butter and Cheesa art* un
changed.
Poultry continues plentiful and cheap. Ther«
Is nothing new in Meats.
Beans • continue neglected and! nominal.
BEANS-^Bayos, $2 4502 60; Small *Whlte, $1 73
Beans arid Seeds,
- There is no further change in Hay. Dealers
quote a quiet and featureless market. ,' Buyers
are holding off until after the Fourth. Bran
and Middlings are quoted firm," with light ar
rivals. ¦'-'¦¦ ¦ -
¦ BRAN— $17 B0@18 50 per ton,
¦ MIDDLINGS— $19 50@2i: per ton.
' FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 50017 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at. the mill. $25@26; Job
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal
$2S@29; Cracked Corn, $28 50029 50; -Mixed Feed'
$16 50«17 50.- • :--:•-,
HAY — New ; Is quotable as .. follows: . Wheat
$8 50@9 50; choice, $10; Wheat and Oat, $8@9 50'
Oat, $7 50@9;. Barley and Oat, $6 50@8 ;¦ Alfalfa'
$6@8; Clover, $5© 6 per ton ;- Volunteer, $4©7 50 '•
STRAW— 25@47%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— Calif ornla Family extras, $3 25©
3 60. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15(33 25-
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
©3.
• MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows.- usual discount to ; the ¦ trade: Graham
Flour ' $3 ¦ per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy
$3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 3507 85*
In sacks. $6@7 60; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
Ctls. 67%c: 4000. 67%c; 2000. 67%C.
Second Session— No sales. .
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
Afternoon Session— No sales.
. OATS— The weakness In red continues and
the whole market Is neglected and generally
lower. Buyers are shy about taking hold, fear-
Ing still lower prices. White, $1 3501 50; Sur
prise, $1 50@l 65; Red. $1 0501 15; Black, $1 12%
©1 20 per ctl. •
CORN— Small round Yellow, $160; Eastern
Yellow, $127%©1 30; White, $137%; Mixed,
$1 27%.
. rye— 76@8"0c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse, i.;':?," , . .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— D»c*"mber—
2000 ctls, $100%: 8000, $100%; 32.000, $100%.
Second Session — December— 6000 ctls, $1 00%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— Futures were lower again. Spot
prices remained unchanged. The market was
dull. ' • • V. :
\ Feed, 72%c for No. 1 and 70@71%c for ,««
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@S3*&c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
.WHEAT— Paris was lower. Liverpool showed
little change. Argentine shipments since Janu
ary 1 were reported at 26,036,000 bushels, against
52,I3o;00O during the same time last year.
Chicago declined again under small transac
tions. Some shorts covered at the decline and
the selling pressure seemed off for the moment.
The weather throughout the West was gener
ally favorable. The seaboard reported a good
cash demand. Offerings in the Southwest were
less than expected, as . the farmers are not
satisfied with current prices. Kansas City
wired that about one-third of a corn crop was
expected in that region.
In this market futures were again lower and
spot prices were -weaker.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95©96%c; milling, 97%c
<S$1 02% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight .'— , 4 89
Sterling cables — . 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49% ' 0 60
Exchange and Bullion.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET. I
___^ *
While no great activity was hoped for at
the moment, the street was apparently dis
posed to regard the future of the market with
confidence. The closing of the Seventh Na
tional Bank on Thursday by the Comptroller of
the Currency, however, showed that its con
dition was worse than had been concluded,
and call loan money rates rose . to an high as
15 per cent, though most of the loans were at
6 per cent or a little above that figure. Large
banking houses and institutions lent money
freely, and there was no general calling of
loans. The fact that nubile interest in the
market is relatively small and that stocks are
to a large extent accumulating in strong hands
had its due effect, and prices, though Inclined
to decline, did so in an orderly fashion.
Disturbing features of an entirely unex
pected kind have this week unfavorably in
fluenced the market, which, however, has be
haved exceedingly well. Money was consid
ered likely to hold firm pending the heavy
July 1st interest disbursements, but, as gold
shipments had apparently ceased, ;it waa
thought that this week's bank statement
might be more favorable than the last few
Saturdays'. Renewed banking troubles to many
did not seem to occasion much disquiet eith
er in Berlin or in London, though the latter
market was somewhat heavy on the pessim
istic utterance of the British Prime Minister
about the Boer war and the fading hope of
its early termination. Continued fair crop
prospects, active business conditions and rail
road earnings which present increases even
over the heavy large totals of a year ago,
rendered our markets measurably insensible
to anything adverse in the foreign financial
situation, and Wall street was disposed to con
sider that when the July payments were com
pleted and the summer Investment asserted its
influence there would be a fresh series of rail
road and other deals, .with dividend develop
ments concerning the large Industrial and
ot.ier corporations which would keep up and
widen the bullish speculation.
* : : : *
NEW YORK, June ' 28.— Bradstreet' s Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say:
NEW YORK, June 28.— A strong advance In
prices of stocks on the day of the failure of an
Important Stock Exchange hcuse and on the
day following a failure of a Clearing-house
bank Is an anomaly In Wall street. The action
of the market was the mere notable as com
ing on practically the last day available for the
moi>ey preparations for the dividend and Inter
est disbursements due en the first of the month,
which is Monday next. Stock market borrowing
made on Friday carries over until Monday.
This anomaly In the movement of prices i» un
doubtedly due In part to the fact that the bears
¦were overconfident in their anticipations of the
effect of these adverse factors. The early
strength in the market was largely due to the
technical explanation that the accounts cf the
falling firm, which were closed out under the
rule, were almost wholly on the short side of
the market. That is to say. stocks bad to be
bought tinder the rule to close the contract.
thus creating a forced demand which kept up
prices. The firm's accounts covered a fair as
sortment of about fifteen of the principal stocks
and the total number of shares bought In for
their account amounted to 21,300, together with
in. COO. par value, of bonds. Apparently the
only stock sold for their account was Gas and
Eiectric Company of Bergen County.
On Monday of this week It sold on the ex
change at 101%. The first sale to-day of 300
ehares was at 30 cash. The next sale was at 32
cash and the stock subsequently sold at 46%.
Whl!e the settlement of the firm's Stock Ex
change contracts was In progress other busi
ness was almost at a standstill. The expecta
tion among traders was that with the conclu
sion of tbe settlement prices would sag off
again, but after the sales under the rule had
ceaeed to make their appearance on the tape
the money rate began to yield under large offer
ings of loanable funds. Equally significant of
the relaxation In the money situation was the ,
»harp recovery In sterling exchange and Ber
lin exchange from their downward course of
yesterday^ pThe covering movement In the last
hour was tae most heavy during the day and
resulted in establishing a final level of prices
¦which is quite generally a point or more above
last nlrht. t
The moet conspicuous stocks in the advance
were Atchlson and St Paul, which gained 2%
etch. There were gains of two points or over
br Louisville. Erie first preferred, Chicago, In
dlacapolls and Louisville, Lacka wanna, Denver
ana Rio Grande preferred and Illinois Central
Among the specialties there were gains of 3%
to 2% by Tennessee Coal. Colorado Fuel. North
American, General Electric and American Lin-
Beed preferred. A more cheerful situation is
reported tn Burlington and was a factor in the
rti-ength of the market.
The bond market was dull, but prices ad
i^fr*^ 111 1111 * wlth ttociu. Total sales.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
tue last calL
• ' NEW YORK STOCK LIST
aSF stocks
2J.5O0 Atchison .'. **£{,
S.9C0 Atchison prefd jSJt
400 Baltimore & Ohio ¦-: 1O7 i2
....... Baltimore & Ohio prefd " 94U
800 Canadian PacISc " iruS
100 Canada Southern <ex div)... grv'
1.800 Chesapeake & Ohio S14
1.600 Chicago & Alton Jl?
-• Chicago & Alton prefd rsv
100 Chicago, Burlington &. Quincy I9e£
600 Chicago. Ind & Louisville.... 3734
t300 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd"" 72
"^ Chicago & Eastern Illinois ""*123
1,000 Chicago & Great Western ' 24%
£U! caeo t G , reat Western A prefd'.! 83%
Chicago & Great Western B prefd 52
100 Chicago & Northwestern.... 200
2C0 Chi. Rock Island & Pac (ex div)""i58
1.800 Chicago Terminal & Trans. "m
•¦So % 1 Z%Z%?]££i?J™ vreii " :: p Vt
500 Colorado Southern ii2
R00 Colorado Southern 1st prefd.". 51 ¦
400 Colorado Southern 2nd prefd ""*" r>u.
300 Delaware & Hudson ..... 167
500 Delaware, Lack & West.. 23«
<00 Denver & Rio Grande 50 ¦
600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd. .'.'.'.'.'" W)Ji
24.800 Erie iij?
6,600 Erie 1st preM ••-.....
700 Erie 2nd prefd .'.".""." 57%
100 Great Northern prefd . lSinJ.
100 Hocking Valley (ex div) .".'.'.535
..:.;.. Hocking Valley prefd (ex div)...... 76%
6.600 Illinois Central ;....:. ......:. ..151-
R0O Iowa Central ; . 41
E00 Iowa Central prefd SO
Lake Erie & Western 67
Lake Erie & Western prefd (ex dlv).H8
10.WO Louisville & Naeh%-llle 110
t.ROO Manhattan L 125
8,200 Metropolitan Street Railway 174
New York Stock Market.
LOCAL MARKETS-
Bradstreefs Financial Revmv.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June 28.— Cotton futures closed
steady, 307 points lower.
EVAPORATED APPLES— There was a dull
trade noted in the market for evaporated ap
ples and prices were nominally unchanged.
State, common to good, 3%05c; prime, 6%@
5%c; choice, 6@6%c, and fancy, 6V-07C.
California dried fruits ruled Inactive but
steady at old prices.
PRUNES— 2%@3%c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8©12c; Moorpark, 7%@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 11018c; unpeeled, 6©10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. July 28.— FLOUR— Receipts, 19,
967 barrels: exports, 4636 barrels. Quiet and
easier. Minnesota patents, $3 7003 90.
WHEAT— Receipts, 178.100 bushels. Spot-
Weak. No. 2 red. 75%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 2
red. 73%c elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth,
84%c f. o. b. afloat. Options— Generally weak
under July selling pressure, disappointing
cables, perfect home crop prospect and short
selling. Closed easier at %@l%c net decline.
July, - 73%074%e, closed 73%c: September,
72 5-16@72%c, closed 72%c: October, 72%iji:73%c,
closed 72%c; December, 73 ll-16074%c, closed
74%c.
HOPS— Quiet. .
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining, 3 9-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4 7-32c; molasses sugar,
3 6-16cj refined, steady. • •
COFFEE— Spot— Quiet. No. 7 invoice. 6 l-16c;
mild, steady; Cordova, 8%©12%c. Futures-
Closed quiet, with prices net unchanged to
6 points hisher. Total sales were 17,500 bags,
including: July, $5 10; August, $5 25; Septem
ber. $5 30; October, $5 35: December, $5 55; Feb
ruary, $3 65; May, $5 80.
BUTTER— Receipts, 58C0 packages; steady.
Creamery, 15@19%c: factory, 12%015c; imita
tion creamery, 13%ig>17c.
EGGS— Receipts, £017 packages; firm. West
ern candled, 13^0140 ; Western uncandled, 11
0130.
New York Grain and Produce.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
continued warm weather; light northerly,
changing to fresh westerly winde.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The weather will probably continue warm
throughout California on Saturday, with a light
norther in the valleys-
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, June 29, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; continued
warm weather. Ught northerly winds and high
temperatures in the interior; fresh westerly
winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Saturday, continued
warm weather; light northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday: continued warm
weather: light northerly winds.
¦ Utah— Fair Saturday: continued i umii
¦weather; light northerly winds.
Arizona — Fair Saturday; continued warm
weather; light 6outherly winds.
Very warm weather continues over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains and eouth
of the Oregon line. In the great valleys of
California temperatures range from 104 to 110
degrees. From Point Reyes to Eureka the tem
peratures are about normal, thatfis, from 54 to
56 degrees. South of San Francisco the tem
peratures on the coast are very high, ranging
from 84 to S8 degrees.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
THE COAST RECORD.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 28. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 66; Red Bluff, 10S; Mount Tamalp&ls,
£3: San Luis Oblspo, 104; Fresno. 1"6; Sacra
mento, 104: Independence. 100; San Diego, 86;
Los Angeles. 94.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£2; minimum, 5S; mean, 70.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
NEW YORK. June 28.— Money on call,' steady,
at 5«4@10 per cent; last loan and ruling Trate 8*
Prime mercantile paper, 4@4% per cent.' Ster
ling exchange, firm. : with actual ' business • in
bankers', bills at 4 87% and at $4 85% for • sixty
days. . Posted rates, $4 87%©4 88. Commercial
New York Money Market.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund., exclusive of . the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption,, shows:' Avail
able cash balance, $173,733,135; gold. $98,092,125
Condition of the Treasury.
LONDON. June 28.— Atchlson, 89%; Canadian
Pacific, 106: Union Pacific preferred, 92*4;
Northern Pacific preferred. 99; Grand Trunk.
10%; Anaconda, 9%; bar silver, steady, 27 5-16d
per ounce; money, 3@3% per cent. -^
CLOSING
' The stock market to-day was still quiet, but
there was an almost complete change in specu
lative sentiment — a reversal of the weakness
and depression of the last few days. Various
factors contributed to this . changed feeling.
Berlin ceased the . selling that has been in
progress since the recent bank failures. The
effects of the failure of the . Seventh National
Bank are now regarded as pretty well dis
counted. The bear contingent hastened to re
purchase the stocks sold, in the belief that
prices were going to sag still further. New
York helped things along by sending buying
orders In Atchlson and Union Pacific, 'while
Erie shares were heavily bought by a Dig To
ronto speculator. The close was buoyant. The
befit market observers and authorities - believe
that a recovery is fairly started. . As to the
immediate outlook it is argued that ¦ next
month's dividends •will accelerate the -upward
movement. : Money is In great demand at 3%
per cent
NEW YORK, June 28.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: •
London' Market.
1.200 Mexican Central 28K
1.900 Mexican National 10ft
700 Minneapolis & St Louis (ex dlv)....106
10,600 Missouri Pacific 121tt
2.300 Missouri, Kans & Texas 80%
1,200 Missouri. Kans & Texas prefd 63V&
400 New Jersey Central 166
6,100 New York Central (ex dlv) 137%
1,600 Norfolk & Western 62»,i
Norfolk & Western prefd S9V*
Northern Pacific 120
100 Northern Pacific prefd 96
7,8<*> Ontario & Western 86%
14,800 Pennsylvania 151%
P C C & St Louis 79
9,400 Reading 46
4,200 Reading 1st prefd 79
4.300 Reading 2nd prefd 66$»
300 St L & San Francieco (ex rights).. 47i*
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 81
600 St Louts & San Fran 2nd prefd.... 70
100 St Louis Southwestern 34^
1.900 St Louis Southwestern prefd 67
16.800 St Paul 174%
St Paul prefd 188
20,100 Southern Pacific -.. 59^4
11,400 Southern Railway 83V4
3.100 Southern Railway prefd 87
3,700 Texas & Pacific 45
100 Toledo, St Louis & West 21
100 Toledo. St Louis & West prefd 35V4
4,800 Union Pacific 110%
700 Union Paciflo prefd r.. 90^
700 Wabash 22%
800 Wabash prefd 43%
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 20%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 32%
4,400 Wisconsin Central 25
400 Wisconsin Central prefd 47Vi
Express Companies —
Adams 174
American 195
United States 88
Wells-Fargo. ex-dlv 145
Miscellaneous—
16.900 Amalgamated Copper 123^4
3,300 American Car & Foundry 32V4
600 American Car & Foundry prefd 88
200 American Linseed Oil 22%
7C0 American Linseed Oil prefd 55
2,000 American Smelting & Refng 57%
400 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 103
2.700 American Tobacco 136%
1.100 Anaconda Mining Co .• 4S%
15,900 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 82%
700 Colorado Fuel & Iron 114
2,400 Consolidated Gas 222
•2,000 Continental Tobacco 87%i
Continental Tobacco prefd 117%
100 General Electric ...265
400 Glucose Sugar 60
300 Hocking Coal .'... 22%
International Paper 22%
International Paper prefd 77%
500 International Power 95
Laclede Gas 85
100 National Biscuit 44%
200 National Lead 22%
100 National Salt 44
1,400 National Salt prefd 75%
L50O North American 103
200 Pacific Coast 70 ,
300 Pacific Mail 41
3.600 People's Gas 118%
1.000 Pressed Steel Car 44%
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85%
100 Pullman Palace Car 210
2,200 Republic Steel 21%.
100 Republic Steel prefd 75%
7,700 Sugar 144%
7.600 Tennessee Coal & Iron CT%
ICO Union Bag & Paper Co 16
Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 72%
LO0O United States Leather 13%
600 United States Leather prefd 79%
United States Rubber 21%
United States Rubber prefd 60%
32.400 United States Steel 49%
17.600 United States Steel prefd 99%
2,000 Western Union „ 93%
455.600 Shares sold.
'• CLOSING BONDa
V 8 ref 2s reg 107 N Y Cent lsts 107%
Do coup 107% N J Cent gen 5s.. .132
Do 3s reg 108% Northern Pac 3s... 72%
Do 3s coup 108% Do 4s 105%
Do new 4s reg.. ..139 N Y C & St L 4s. .107
Do new 4s coup. .139 N & W con 4s 103
Do old 4s reg 112% Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup.. .113% Do 4s 103%
Do 6s reg 108% Or Short L 6s 129
Do 5s coup 108% Do con 5s 119%
IMs of Col 3.65s 125 Reading Gen 4s 98%
Atchlson gen 4s 104% R G W lats 103
Do adj 4s 98% St L & t M con 5s. 117
Canada Sou 2ds....lO9% S148F gen 6s. .136%
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO7% St Paul con 186
Do 5s 119 St P C & P 1BU...118
C & N con 7s 142% Do 5s 119%
Do S F Deb 5s... 122 Southern Pac 4s... 93%
Chic Term 4s 96% Southern Ry 6s. ...120%
Colorado Sou 4s..,. 89% Stand R & T 6s.... 63
D & R G 4s...'.....103%|Tex & Pac lsts. ...118%
Erie Gen 4s 90%' Do 2ds 99
F W & D C lsts.. .106% Union Pac 4s 106%
Gen Electric 68....200 Wabash lsts 119%
Iowa Cent lsts 117% Do 2ds 114
L & N Unl 4s 104% West Shore 4s 115%
M K & T 2ds 8fi%|Wis Cent lsts 91%
Do 4s 98% Va Centuries 95
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief M
I Alice 41 Ontario ..8 25
I Breece 1 60 Ophir 80
Brunswick Con 15 Phoenix 09
Comstock Tunnel.. 05% Potosl 07
Con Cal & Va 2 05 Savage 08
Dead wood Terra.... 60 Sierra Nevada 18
Horn Silver 1 35 Small Hopes 60
Iron Silver 60 Standard S 60
Leadvllle Con 05 '
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 'nion Land 3
Call loans !%<JN Vest End 95
Time loans 4 fi4V Bonds —
Stocks — ' tchjnon 4s 103
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 88 N* E Gas & C 6s... 60
Do prefd :.104v( Amer Teleph 4s. ...101%
American Sugar... 144*; Mining Shares-
Do prefd 120% Adventure 21
Am Teleph, ex-dlv.155 Blngham 22%
Boston & Albany.. 255 Amalg Copper 123%
Boston Elevated. :.1S1 Atlantic .-. 37
Boston & Maine.. ..195 Calumet & Hecla.,795
Chi B & Q 196% Centennial 30%
Dominion Coal 39 Franklin 18^4
Do prefd 114 Humboldt 25
U S Steel 49% Osceola 89
Do prefd 99 Parrot ..' 61%
Gen Electric 282 ¦ Quincy ...172
Mexican Central.... 28% Santa Fe Copper... 7
N E Gas & Coke... 7% Tamarack .......338
Old Dominion 82 Utah Mining 31%
Rubber.-. ....21 Winona J
Union Pacific 110%
LONDON, June 23.— Consols, 93 5-16; silver,
27 6-lCd: French rentes, lOOf 15c; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 29s; cargoes Walla Walla,
2Ss 7%d: English country markets, easy.
LIVERPOOL, June 28.— Wheat in Paris,
weak; flour in Paris, weak; French . country
markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 ll-16d. .
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— Dull. No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s %d; No. 1 Northern spring, 5s oVid;
No. 1 California, 5s 10%d. Futures— Quiet.
July. 6s 6^4d; September, 5s %d.
CORN— Spot— Firm. No. 2 mixed, 4s Id; No.
2 old, firm. 4s 2%d. Futures— Steady. July,
3s ll%d; September. 4s %d; October, 4s %d.
HOPS— At London— Pacific Coast, steady, £4
4s@£4 16s. ¦
PORTLAND, June 2S.— Clearings, $310, SS9;
balances, $31,524.
Foreign Markets.
Portland's Business.
OREGON. f
PORTLAND, June 23.— Wheat— Easy; 57@58c
for Walla Walla.
TACOMA. June 28.— Wheat— Quiet and un
changed. Blue Stem, 59c; Club, 68c. ;
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
1 CHICAGO, June 28.— CATTLE — Receipts,
2G00, Including 500 Texans. Choice steers
steady, others firm. Butchers' stock steady.
Good to prime ¦ steers, $5 3006 35; poor to me
dium, $4 30@5 25; stockers and feeders, $U750»
4 80; cows and heifers. $2 70@5 10: canners, $2®
2 70; bulls. $2 73@4 60; calves, $4@6 50; Texas
steers. $4 25©3 40; bulls, $2 75iS3.70. - t
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 10,000; , to-morrow,
12,000; left over, 2500. Opened weak, closed
steady. Mixed and butchers, $3 85@6 17%; good
to choice heavy. $6®6 22%: rough heavy, $5 83®
5 95: light. $5 8006 10; bulk of sales. $5 950
6 12V4.
SHEEP— Receipts. 8000. Market weak. Good
to choice wethers, $3 60@4; fair to choice mixed,
$3 40@3 85; Western sheep, $3 6504; yearlings,
$3 90@4 25; native lambs, $3 7505 05; Western
lambs, $4 5005 05.
Chicago Livestock Market.
# , — . »
CHICAGO, June 21— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: From VacavUle: Peaches
Hale's, 00c; St. John, $115. Apricots—
Royal, $1 06Q1 35; Montgamet, $1 15. Prunes-
Tragedy. |1 8001 40. Plums-Burbanks. tl 10®
1 65; Abundance, $1®1 05; Peach, $1 15; Climax,
$1 45©1 65; Eureka, $1 10 : Red .June, $125.
From Winters: Plums— Burbanks. $101 10; Sat
suma, 90c©$l 05; California Rod,' $2 05; Ogon,
$1 10; Abundance, $1; Wickson. $1 2501 70: Kcl
sey Japan, $1 80. Prunes— Tragedy. $1 1501 50.
Apricots— Royal, $1 10@l 40; Montgamet, $1 23.
Peaches— St. John, $1 30@l 40; ¦ Hale's, 65085c.
From Loomls: Peaches— Halo's, 70@80c. Prunes
— Slmonl, $1 05; Tragedy, $1 15@1 40. Plums-
Red June, $1 2C01 35; Satsuma, $1. From Sac
ramento: Prunes— Tragedy, $1 3001 60. Apri
cots—Royal, 90c<g>$l. Plums— Abundance, 90c.
Peaches— Briggs" May, 85c.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Apricots— Royals,
95c@$l 35 single crates. Peaches— Hale's Early,
50@30c box;. St. John's, 83c® $1 40. Plums-
Abundance. 90c@$l; Burbanks, $101 30; Cly
mans. $125. Peaches— $1 05@l 30. Prunes—Sl
monl, 75c@$l 15; Tragedy, $1 2001 63. Eight
cars fruit sold to-day.
California Fruit Sales.
FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 21
Flour, qr sks.... 12.363 1 Bran, sks 1.53
Wheat, ctls 994 Onions, sks ! 470
Barley, ctls 4.805 Straw, tons 20
Oats, ctls 1,060 Hay. tons 240
Corn, ctla 403 Hides, No 1.107
Tallow, ctls 436 Pelts bdls *S71
Silver, flks 20 Leather, rolls .... 49
Beans, ske 433 Wine, gals 13.750
Potatoes, sks 2,833 Wool, bales 423
Feed, sks 110 Lime, bbla ...... 273
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 870/
Receipts of Produce.
COAL— Wellington. $9 p«r ton: SouthfleM
Wellington. $0; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $8 50; Coos
Bay $S 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-opera tlv* Walls
end,' $9; Cumberland, $12 50 !h bulk and $13 7$
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, Sit;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 43 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according
to brand.
Harrison's circular says: "Durlnjr tha week
tnero have been threa arrivals of coal from
British Columbia, 17,229 tons; five from Wash
ington. 12,836 tons; one from Australia, 2360
tons; total. 32.445 tons. The quantity received
this week is equal to our average consumption,
hence the amount in yard, at present not very
large. Is not being disturbed. Tha quantity of
foreign coal due here the coming month (July)
is about 15,000 tons, less than four days' actual
consumption; thus It can be clearly seen that
fully 80 per cent of the coal at present con
sumed by us must be drawn frqro the coast
collieries. Singular to say that with about
equal to 1, COO, 000 tons of coal displaced by th«
Introduction of fuel oil this year, we ar« yet
consuming almost equal to the amount of coal
imported up to date last year. Coal freights
from Australia and England are baing some
what reduced, still > the high prices for coal
that are being maintained at both of these
sources will permit of only light shipments.
Fuel oil is being freely shipped: low prices still
prevail. Protective associations are being
formed for the improvement of fuel oil values,
but so far with very limited success. Contracts
for delivery for two and three years ahead are
being freely made at prices which must cer
tainly leave a particularly small margin ¦ of
profit to the producer. The present high out
going rates on grain should enable ship-owners
to send vessels here with coal from foreign
sources at very low rates of freight. The out
look for the future Is still lower rates will
rule."
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. L
73c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled
81c; raw. 79c: cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c: cases. -83c: Chin*
Nut, 63@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil bar
rels, 65c: cases, 70c: Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale
Oil. natural white. S7%@42ttc per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels, 35c; cases. 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk*
12%c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 18%c; Astral. 18V.e-
Star, lS',4c: Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine, 234c :
Eocene, 20%c; deodorized stove gasoline. ' in
bulk. 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzlna. in bulk, 14c*
in cases, 20c; 8C-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c'
In cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 68c per gallon in cases and
62c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6 25c; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c; Dry Granulated. 5.75c: Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mag
nolia A. 5.33c; Extra C, 5.25c: Golden C 6 15c*
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more; box
es. 60c more; 60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders,
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent
Dornlnoa, half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 8.75c per lb.
GRAIN BAGS-San Quentin Bags. IS 85: Cat
cutta Grain Bags. 7%c; local make. Ho leas
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags. 32<O35c; Fleec«
Twine. Fruit Bags. 5%£6o for cotton
and S\*<&S%c ' or te -
General Merchandise.
market is dull and will probably continue so
until after the Fourth of July holidays.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
al BE^F^« lj !4@7V4o for Steers and «©«%c per u>
"vEAl^Lanre. 7%©Sc: small. 8©9o per lb.
MUTTON'-Wsthers. 7®8o; Ewes. 7©7Hc per
8%©9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hoga. 200 lbs and under. 6He
over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders. : sows, 20 per cent
off boars 60 per cent off and stags 40 per c«nt
off" from tha abovs quotations; dressed Hoss,
7ViS9Vic _ •"
NEW YORK. June 28.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
June 27, with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
_,, . Percentages.
v« v , Amount Incr. Deer.
£ ew . Y °** U.458,789,Ke 70.9
8t °n M0.1J1.710 33.3 • •'.;;.'
Chicago -. 142,531.333 " 1.3
Philadelphia ....... , 109.806.001 28.7 ....
n,' tt L ° u ' 8 41,213,613 S3. 4
Pittsburg 49,543,809 62.4
Baltimore 84,949,115 28.8
S" 1 Francisco 17,330.898 8.3 ....
Cincinnati 18,420.850 23.8 ....
Ka ««" City 15.S9S.843 18.S
New Orlean* 8.656.136 11. S . . ....
Minneapolis 9,039.969 .... 17.2
Pf tro ,»t • 10.137.789 ,40.3 ,.\.
UevelMid 13,255.178 '20.8
LoulsvUl 7.988,909
frovldenoe 6.081.700 7.8 ....
Milwaukee 6.264,961 15.8 . ....
gt. Paul 4,624.700 .... 8.4
Buffalo 6,889,440 29.1 '¦':...
o «l ah<l 6,006,611 9.4
Indianapolis 7.215.635 17.4
Columbus, 0 6.988.600 9.6 l
Savannah i 2,328,817 .... " 85.6
Denver ...» 3,993,075 6.3 ....
Hartford .......:... 2,136.702 1.9
Richmond 4,210.930 88 0 ....
Memphis i 2,434.973 28.5 ;...
Washington 2,693,916 15.6 ....
Peoria 2.232,225 88.2 ....
Rochester ..; 1,883,645 21.6
New Haven 1,472.423 18.3
Worcester 1,399,231 . 28.3
Atlanta 1,486,701 27.6
Salt Lake City 4,333,634 108.2 ....
Springfield, Mass.. 1,390,338 48.0 ....
Fort Worth . 2,698,985 33.4 • ....
Portland, Me.. 1.068,570 14.2 ....
Portland, Or 1,847,6S9 2.5 ....
St. Joseph 4,764,397 1.2 ¦....-
Los Angeles 2,212,734 . 8.3 ....
Norfolk 1,275.049 2.8
Syracuse 1,086,629 9.6
Des Moines 1,305,498 9.3
Nashville 1,339,612 22.3'
Wilmington, Del... 887,132 .... ....
Fall River 818,983 10.3 ....
Scranton 1,337,054 27.7
Grand Rapids - 1,246,000 24.7 ¦ ....
Augusta, Ga 681,398 8.9
Lowell 690,002 11.9
Dayton, O '..*. 843,965 ¦ .... 8.8
Seattle 2,634,189 ' 4.4
Tacoma 976,657 .... 2.7
Spokane... 919.S55 8.3 ....
Sioux City 1,226,373 8.9 ....
New Bedford 449,665 16.8
Knoxville, Tenn... ' 524,698 8.2 ....
Topeka 1,027.771 33.0 ...:
Birmingham 613,482 .... 33.2
Wichita 491,631 ....
Binghamton • . 290.700 .... 23.6
Helena 654,533 .... 13.3
Lexington, Ky 537,401 62.2 \...
Jacksonville, Fla.... 290,097 31.8
Kalamazoo '. 377,162 .... 13.2
Akron 602,900 67.6, ....
Colorado Springs.;. 747,713 ' .... ....
Chattanooga 356,604 10.3
Rockford. Ill 446,161 , 34.7 ....
Canton. 0 316,900 20.6 ....
Springfield, 0 261.751 .... 11.2
Fargo. N. D 347.729 ....
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 167,333 .... ....
Hastings, Nebr 115.636 .... ....
Wllkesbarre * 755,635 ' ....
Davenport 857.212 1.0 ....
T ledo 2,334,028 21.5 ....
Galveston 5.S40.O0O 31.0 ....
Houston 7,732,221 * 54.2 ....
Youngstown, 0 468,682 44.0 ....
Springfield, 111..... . 449,345 24.0
Macon. Ga 448,000 .... 23.0
Evansville. Ind.... 621,151 .... 25.0
Little Rock 491.551 35.2 ....
Wheeling 542,911 .... ....
Totals, U. S..... '.$2,180,242,544 49^1 ~
Totals outside of
New York 721,453,218 18.S
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $21,564,978 36.1
Toronto 11,513,545 20.2
Winnipeg 1,875.191 .... 6.8
Halifax : 1,455.653 1.6
Hamilton 664,364 .... 10.7
St. John. N. B.... 693,947 29.0 ....
Vancouver, B. C... 808.743 .5.3
Victoria 604.151 62.5 .. .
Quebec 1247,146, ....
Totals ....: .$ 39.180.572 24.5 ~
Bank Clearings.
No change in silver or exchange.
Wheat and Barley futures lower.
Oats freely offered and-4ulL Com and Rye neglected.
Hay quiet Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans and Seeds neglected.
Potatoes and Onions about the same. Vegetables steadier.
Nothing new in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry market still dull and depressed.
Fresh fruits" about as before quoted.
Dried fruits quiet. Honey dull and weak.
Provisions in moderate demand and firm.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Business still light on the stock exchanges.
Dun's Review of Trade.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wheat prospects are further improved
throughout the entire producing region. More
satisfactory to the producer than evidence* of
a banner yield is the failure of quotations to
show commensurate decline, for there is good
profit at the present prices.
In four weeks Atlantic exports, flour Included,
aggregated 13,669,000 bushels, against 10,480.076
bushels last year, and 8,934.638 bushels in 1899,
while Pacific exports were 3,505,400 bushels,
compared wi*h 2.853,978 bushels in 1900, and 2,
443,740 bushels two years ago.
Gains are more conspicuous In the woolen
goods division, because depression has lasted
long and been severe. As the raw material
gradually sought a lower level, mills restricted
purchases In anticipation of better terms ex
cept where orders for goods were secured. The
clothing trade Is now seeking men's wear wool
ens and worsteds and buyers find stocks light.
Values havo not yet hardened, but there la lit
tle thought of lower prices, either for goods
or raw wool. In knit goods jobbers are taking
stock, after which activity is expected.
Failures for the week number 204 in. the
United States, against 207 last year, and 23 in
Canada, agalnet 21 last year.
The fiscal year closes with conditions In tho
Iron and coal Industry In marked contrast to
tho situation at tho corresponding date in 190C.
Quotations were then - receding rapidly with
out stimulating activity, idleness was the rule
at furnaces and mills, and waga scales woio
under serious discussion with employers and
labor organizations far apart in -their views.
This year difficulty Is experienced In stopping
machinery long enough' to make necessary re
pairs. Prices are well maintained and steady
with unreasonable Inflation, while a successful
season makes it possible, for many concerns to
avoid controversy by voluntarily reducing
hours or advancing. wages, and evidences of Se
rious disagreement are the exception. Con
struction proceeds at an unprecedented pace,
so that structural material, builders' hardware
and kindred goods find ready purchasers. I Rail
way facilities are Inadequate to handle expand
ing traffic and shops aro crowdod with orders
for new freight cars and other equipments.
Footwear forwardlngs from Boston have av
eraged over 100,000 cases weekly for two
months, raising the total for the half year
to 2.358.521 cases, according to weekly records
of the Shoe and Leather Reporter. The largest
previous . total for the corresponding I months
was In 1900 and fell 154,151 cases short of the
current year. Exports to Great Britain are a
most satisfactory factor in the present move
ment. Some of the Eastern shops are so well
supplied with contracts that deliveries cannot
be promised before September. Local manu
facturers are running on short time or closed
for stock-taking. Stocks in dealers' hands are
light, which give the market a strong tone.
Leather is active and firm, with hemlock sole
in good demand. Upper leather is selling read
ily. Receipts of imported dry hides are light
and prices well sustained.
NEW YORK, June 28.— R. G. Dun & Com
pany's Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will
say: It does not follow, because bad banking
methods have caused one of the smaller New
York banks to close its doors, with attendant
circumstances, that created discussion In Wall
street, that general business is in any way af
fected by. or at all responsible for, the trouble.
The country Is undeniably prosperous and ,wlth
prospect of an abundant harvest to. supply our
own needs and Increasing European defiden-"
e'es,' the situation is Viewed with confidence.
A few more labor disturbances have arisen, but
others havo been settled, notably the dispute
over the tin plato seals. Some disagreements in
the coal regions at times assume a threatening
aspect, but. the 'troubles have been local and
do not affect the mining Industry. Reports from
tho country epcak of a continued active move
ment - of merohandlas with tha Jobbing trade
and embracing nearly all lines. »
. Failures for the week in the United States
number 196, against 1S6 last week, 185 In this
week a year ago and 158 in 1899. Canadian
failures for the week number 20, against 26
last week. 18 in this week a year ago and 23
in 1800. • .
From July.l to date this season -wheat ex
ports aggregate 215,876,661 bushels, against
199,664,280 bushels last season and 126,462,474
bushels in. 1898-99. .- - ,
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for" the
week aggregate 4,364.147 bushels, against 5,520,
831 bushels last week: 3,184,144" bushels in the
corresponding week of 1900 and 3,428,998 bush
els in 1S99. • . «.».- r .-¦_-.-¦
Early liquidation, due to ¦ continued • favorable
crop reports, gave way to a firmer feeling . In
wheat.. 1 . ¦ ' • • - . . -. - . ¦¦ . .•-:'.
Pravlous prices rule for all descriptions. Ta,
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c» under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 9@9tfc; u g ht. 9c- Cow
Hides, 8%@9o for heavy and 8®8V4c for'lls-ht-
Stags. 6&s: Salted Kip. g^cf Salted Veal'
9H@10c: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides W@16W'
Culls, 13%@14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf i«S»
17c; Culls and Brands. I3@14c; Sheep-kin?
Bhearlings. 15@30c each; short ,V«,1 wesS
each: medium 60@75c; long Wool 80?®M
each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 50«J2 73 1 for la?«
and $2 25 for medium. $1 50@l 75 for smlll »«£
50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry $175 tofVaf^
$1 B0 for medium. $1 25 for mall and 50c f o :
Colts. Deerskins-Summer or red skins 35^
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thS «kft :
20c. Goatsklns-Prime Angoras. 73c- lireS «^
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c_ .' larse and
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered 4««M«p „.„ i V
choice. 5c: No. 2. 3%@4c; greaseT 2@2V4a lb;
JVOOL-Spring. 1900 or 1901-HumboWt .„*
Mendocino. 13@14%c per lb: Northern fSi ??J
13c: defective. 9@llcrMIddle cS?nt?* f~!' Jx£
lie;, do defective. 8@10c; Southern 12 ™ ' }2®
8®9c; Southern tree. 7 .Jnontt^ l@ig ¦ 'aS"? s '
fectlve. 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Vaiw*« de "
14@15c; do, medium and coarse T H@i3 C .^ ro flne -
N^ e d r a n -i C i h c Ol< : e - U@13C: d °-
: HOPS— 15©20c per lb.
Business continues quiet, as usual during ths
midsummer season, and prices show no change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy
! «4o for light medium. 13%c for ilght. 14%c t or
extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%c; California Hams lJc*
Mess Beef, $13 per bbl: extra Mess. $12 so :
Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra
clear. $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 13%@i4 O
Pe LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%o per lb for com
pound and 10>,4c for pure; half -barrels, pure
10%c: 10-lb tins. ll%c: 5-lb tins. li% c .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 954c; three
6 - tWO " erce »-
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
Honey Is being freely offered, but buyers are
not eager, and business is light There Is a
little something doing In Apricots in all dis
tricts at the quotations below, but there is no
especial activity. Prices for new Peaches may
be expected almost any time now,
FRUITS— Apricots, 7%@9c for new; Evaporat
ed Apples. 5V4® 6c; sun dried. 1%@2%c: Peaches.
ZV,<Sic for standard. 4Vi@5%c for choice and
6®6%c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c: Plums, pitted.
804c; unpltted, %@l%c; Nectarines, 4®4%c for
red and 4©5c for white.
/PRUNES— 4 sizes. 3c; 40-SOs. 6^ic; 50-60s. 4%c:
60-70s, 3%c; 70-80*. 8»4c; 80-90s, 2%c: 90-lOCs, 2%c:
100-120S. l%c.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; . choice, lie;
standard, 10c: prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 1014c per lb:
choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 60-lb boxes,
6%c: 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6%c: 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5%e, and
4-crown. 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices). 5%c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $1 BO per box; 3-crown.
$1 60; F,ancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. a» common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. lliail%c; No.
2. 8@8Hc: No. 1 hardshell. 10@10Hc: No. 2. 6H9
7%c; Almonds,. 13@14c for paper-shell. 10® lie
for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5@6c for. Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 11®11%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, Il@l3c; Cocoa nuts,
$3 60@5.
HONEY — Comb. 10@llc for bright and 9@9%c
for light amber; water white extracted. 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 3%c
BEESWAX-25®2Sc per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— Cold storage, old. $1 25i32 SO per
box; new, 40@S5c per large box and 15@2oc per
basket.
APRICOTS— 25@50c per box, 35@60c per crate
and 25ft 35c per basket; in bulk, $10025 per ton.
. CHERRIES— 65@90c for dark and 65c@$l for
Royal Anne; in bulk, 3@6c per lb for black and
E@9c for Royal Anne.
PLUMS— 25®4Cc per box and 15@23c per.bas
ket: Prunes, 35@60c per crate and 30@40c per
basket; Plums In bulk $10 per ton.
CHERRY PLTTMS— 15©25c per box.
PEACHES— 23<@60o' per box and 20©45c per
basket- £¦ .<>
• PEARS— Madelines. 25c; Dearborn Seedlings!
40@50c per box; Bartletts. 73c@U 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3®5 per chest for Long
worths and $2 25(34 50 for large berries. .
LOGAN BERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 50@4 per chest and 60c
per crate.
RASPBERRIES— $4®6 per* chest and 73c per
crate.
CURRANTS— $3 50@5 50 per chest.
FIGS— Black. 25®33c per box for single and
40@«0c for double layers; White, 20®30c. ,
MELONS— Watermelons from Indlo, per
dozen; Nutmegs from Yuraa, $1@3 per crate;
from IndiOv in large crates, $2 50@3.
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona. $1 5001 73
P CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c@$2;
Seedlings, 50c® $1 25; Mediterranean Sweet*.
50cg$l 50j Valenclas, $1@2 50; Lemons, 73c@
$1 25 for common and $1 5002 60 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit, 5Cc-=?$l 50: Mexican Limes,
$4@5; Bananas. $1®3 per bunch for New Or
leans and 75c©$2 for Honolulu; Pineapples,
$1 50@2 EO per dozen.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
White Nectarines came in from Winters and
brought $1 per box, .•..--..'
One car of Oranges was auctioned as fol
lows: Navels. $1@1 23; Seedlings, 4&360C; Va
lencias, 45c@$2; Mediterranean Sweets, 25@50c;
Malta Bloods,' $1 30; St. Michaels, $1 SO.
Limes are meeting with more Inquiry, owing
to the hot weather, but prices show no Im
provement. Oranges > and Lemons continue
quiet at previous prices.
Figs continue in over-supply, dull and cheap.
Other tree fruits are still plentiful and prices
show little change. Cherries have ceased to
figure and will disappear in a few days.
Crabapples came in from Stockton, but were
not sold.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy — Extras, 16c; firsts. 15c; seconds. 14c;
store. 13c. '
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c; choice. 7%c;
common, nominal; Young Americas. 9c; East
ern, full cream. 14@16c per lb. ,
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 16c; mixed
colors, 14%c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected. 14c; standard.
12Hc: seconds, .
Eastern — Standard. 14c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. 17%@18c per lb for
fancy and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy. U@l6%c
per lb.
CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old. nominal; Young
Americas, 9@10c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 15@17%o for good to fancy;
store, 12»,4@l4c per dozen.
It has been the same old story, day after
day, for a week— large stocks of Butter and
Eggs, with more or less, going Into cold stor
age every day. Eggs are especially weak and
depressed. Cheese is quoted steady at the old
prices.
Receipts were 40,400 pounds and 153 tubs of
Butter, 851 cases of Eggs, 370 cases Eastern
Eggs. 10,450 pounds of California Cheese and
sounds Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The depression continues. There la only one
really steady description, and that Is large
young Roosters, which meet with a fair de
mand. The weather la hot, many people are
out of town and the prevailing conditions are
against Poultry.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 8©10o for Gobblers
and 8010c for Hens; Oeese, per pair. $101 23;
Goslings. $1Q1 25; Ducks, $2 50©3 SO for old and
$3<3>5 for young; Hens, $3 50@4; young Roost
ers. $&97 50; old Roosters. $3© 3 50; Fryers, $40
4 50; Broilers. $304 for large and $1 50@2 25 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50® I 75 per dozen for old and
II 60@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 50: .Rabbits. $150 for Cot
tontail and $1 25 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
©4 90; Large White. $3 7003 90; g?*^^ H\
Red. $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@ 3 £5, Jr^M
Pea* nominal; Red Kidney, Yellow
SEEDS-Brown Mustard w"" 1^- , 8 %©
Mustard, nominal ; Flax. $2 60<8>3 , Canary, oww
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal. Rape, zv
Potatoes, Onion's and Vegetables.
There waa a little better feeling In Vegetables
and . several descriptions, notably Tomatoes,
were in lighter supply and steadier.
Potatoes and Onions showed no change
worthy of note.
POTATOES— Burbanks. $1 50@l 73 for Oregon ;
New Potatoes, $1@1 60 for Burbanks. $1 23@1 40
for Garnet Chiles and $1@1 25 for Early Rose.
ONIONS-New Red, 35<gS5c per sack; New
Yellow, 75@35c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 23@60c per box;
Asparagus. $1 75@2 25 for large, $1 2S@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas.
65c@$125 per sack; String Beans, l@3c; Cab
bage. 40®60c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los An
geles, $101 50; from Winters, $1@1 23; Rivera,
in large boxes. $2@3; /Dried Peppers. 12®lSc:
Dry Okra, luff 20c per lb; Carrots. 23® 33c per
sack; Marysville Cucumbers. 40@5Oc per box;
Winters, EO<tf<;0c; Bay, $1@1 50; Garlic. 2@3c:
Green Peppers, 20@25c per lb» Egg Plant, W
10c per lb: Green Corn. 23c® $1 per sack; Bay
do, 75c<ff$l 50 per crate: Summer Squash, la@
33c per box ; Bay do, 40®60c.
THE BAN FKANCISCO CAX.Lj SATURDAY, JUNE 29, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
bills. $4 84%(S>4 83. Silver certificates, nominally.
60c. Bar silver, 59%c. Mexican dollars, 47y 4 c.
Snir-TlTf 114 .? 0 "^' stea<J y; State bonds, steady;
railroad bonds, firm. .
" NEW YORK, June 28.— Copper in London re
acted and advanced 7s 6d on buying by shorts,
ruling quite firm all "day, with the close firm
in tone at £68 for spot and £68 10s for futures.
Locally the market for that metal ruled dull
and was nominally unchanged at f 17 60 for Lake
and $16 62% for casting.
There was no let-up to the decline In tin,
prices again being reduced under liberal offer
ings, with the close dull and, easier at $28®
28 45.' In ' London vdlues were unchanged at
£129 6s for spot and £122 17s 6d for futures.
Lead was unchanged locally, but declined la
3d abroad, closing- at £12 7s for spot..
Spelter rose 2s 6d in London, but no business
W i as /», d , 0 ?? °*. Importance, the close being quiet
at £18 las,
Piglron warrants, dull, $3 50®10; Northern
SH nd r ry - * 14 25@15 60; Southern foundry, $13 75
6>15 75. and soft Southern, $13 75@15 25.
Glasgow warrants closed at 02s 2d and Mld
dlesboro at 44s.
' LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— June. Sept.
Opening .. .6 6% -5 6%*
Closing :......... .......... 5 6% 5 6%
I PARIS.
"Wheat — June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 40 . 2145
Closing 20 30 2150
. Flour-^
Opening 25 85 . 27 25
Closing '...... .....26 00 27 35
~~Nezu York Metal Market.
Foreign Futures.
market was steady; creamery, 14%@19c; dairy,
14^@16%c. Cheese, steady. 9010c. Eggs. firm.
ll@U%c.
Temperature — 7 a. m., 67.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
10
c KK o 2 ~ „-?
STATIONS. | If Oil |!. F|
* j a 1 3 a a r j ?
Astoria 30.18 60 62 NW- Cloudy 0*
Baker 29.SS 76 46 N Cloudy 0
Carson 19.76 94 fcS N Clear 0
Eureka 30.04 66 52 X Clear 0
Fresno 29.76 106 61 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.86 90 44 SW Clear 0
Pocatello, Idaho... 29.76 82 62 W Clear 0
Independence 29.62 100 68 SE Clear 0
Los Angeles 29.68 94 64 W Clear 0
Phoenix 29.56 112 70 SW Clear 0
Portland 30.06 64 52 NW Cloudy 0
K?d Bluff 29.6S 108 82 N Clear 0
nos?burg 29.98 76 58 N Clear 0
f^eramento 29.70 104 68 SW Clear 0
Salt Lake 29.S2 84 60 N Clear 0
San Francisco 29.76 82 68 W Clear 0
San L.u'8 Oblspo.. 29.74 104 58 N Clear 0
San Die*o 29.70 86 64 SW Clear 0
Seattle 30.16 58 48 NW Cloudy 0
Spokan* 29.91 66 46 W Cloudy 0
Neah Bay 30.16 64 48 W Cloudy 0
Walla Walla 30.06 64 54 NW Cloudy 0
Wlnnemucca 29.70 90 &6 W Clear 0
Tuna 29.66 112 72 SW Clear 0
c KK o 2 ~ „-?
STATIONS. | If Oil |!. F|
* j a 1 3 a a r j ?
Astoria 30.18 60 62 NW- Cloudy 0*
Baker 29.SS 76 46 N Cloudy 0
Carson 19.76 94 fcS N Clear 0
Eureka 30.04 66 52 X Clear 0
Fresno 29.76 106 61 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.86 90 44 SW Clear 0
Pocatello, Idaho... 29.76 82 62 W Clear 0
Independence 29.62 100 68 SE Clear 0
Los Angeles 29.68 94 64 W Clear 0
Phoenix 29.56 112 70 SW Clear 0
Portland 30.06 64 52 NW Cloudy 0
K?d Bluff 29.6S 108 82 N Clear 0
nos?burg 29.98 76 58 N Clear 0
f^eramento 29.70 104 68 SW Clear 0
Salt Lake 29.S2 84 60 N Clear 0
San Francisco 29.76 82 68 W Clear 0
San L.u'8 Oblspo.. 29.74 104 58 N Clear 0
San Die*o 29.70 86 64 SW Clear 0
Seattle 30.16 58 48 NW Cloudy 0
Spokan* 29.91 66 46 W Cloudy 0
Neah Bay 30.16 64 48 W Cloudy 0
Walla Walla 30.06 64 54 NW Cloudy 0
Wlnnemucca 29.70 90 &6 W Clear 0
Tuna 29.66 112 72 SW Clear 0
AUCTION SALES
Ofl THURSDAY, July 11,
The undersigned will sell at auction, •with-
out reserve.
Over FIFTY <5O) CHOICE STAND-
ARD TROTTERS and PACERS
Bred at Oak wood Stock Farm. Danville. Cal.
Every one guaranteed Derfectly broken, sin-
Kle and double, sired by Charles Derby 2:20,
Stelnway 2:25%. El Benton. Don i L. etc.
There are many well-matched stylish car-
riage and road teams among them. It will pay
Intending purchasers, who are seeking flrst-
classi eentle driving horses they can depend
upon, to wait for this grat sale. Catalogues
issued at once.
WILLIAM G. IiATNG, Auctioneers
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. 721
HOWARD ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.are here. They will be given the freedom
of the town during the day and in the
evening they will visit the theater, where
boxes have been reserved for them. Aiter
the performance a banquet will be spread
in the Elks' lodgeroom. The game will be
on Sunday at 12:30 at the Golden Gate
League grounds. The Los Angeles team
will remain here until Tuesday, when they
resume their trip north.
To Oakland Lodge No. 171 belongs much
of the credit for the interest that is now
taken by Elkdom In baseball. Oakland
has had a baseball team for several years
and has been playing' games with teams
from Stockton and Sacramento. This year
the Oakland team has played two games,
one with Stockton and one with Santa
Rosa, and has won both. Last year Oak
land played Stockton three games and
won the two played in Stockton and lost
the one played on the local grounds. After
the Los Angeles team leaves there will be
games with Vallejo, Santa Rosa and Sac
ramento and the return game with Los
Angeles.
The make-up of the Los Angeles and
Oakland teams as they will appear on
Sunday will be as follows:
Los Angeles 99. Positions. Oakland 111.
Wilding Catcher Wyms
Bentl<*\ Pitcher Blethen
Gueralo First base W. Dean
Leland Second base ....Ewlng
Adams Third base.. Platt
Hart Short stop B. Dean
Rendall Left Held Sessions
Mead... Center, field Uhl
Nolan Right field Cook
Hill Etxra Matthews
CHAMPIONSHIP TEAM OF LOS ANGELES ELKS THAT IS MAKING AN EXTENDED TOUR OF THE PACIFIC
COAST STATES PLAYING FRIENDLY MATCH GAMES OF BASEBALL WITH THE PICKED NINES FROM
THE LODGES OF THE CITIES VISITED.
Fire in Watsonville.
Perishes in a Fire.
WATSONVILLE, June 28.— Fire broke
out last night in the grocery store of
George M. Martin at the corner of Main
and Fourth* streets. The building was
owned by P. Brassel. His loss was $5000,
with no Insurance. Martin's stocH was
insured for. $2000,
VALLEJO, June 28,— MolHe Werner lost
her life early this morning In a conflagra
tion that destroyed Grace Ketchum's
lodglng-houso in the tenderloin district,
NEGRO KILLS TWO MEN
TO ESCAPE A LYNCHING
West Virginia Mob Has to Pay Dear
ly for Attempting to Over-
ride Law.
PANTHER. W. Va., June 28.— The at
tempt of a mob to lynch a negro at Jager^
to-day resulted In the killing of two of
the would-be lynchers. The negro, Peter
Price, | was accused of insulting a white
woman. He was pursued by a crowd of
men and sought refuge in a small room
in the rear of a saloon. The mob battered
down the door, and as they entered the
room Price threw himself at 'them with
the ferocity of a tiger with a knife In
each hand. In cutting his way out he
killed George Hooks and F. M. McGran
and seriously cut Charles Davis.
As Price struck down these men the oth
ers fell back and the negro made his es
cape through an open window. Price was
pursued and captured by officers, who
hurriedly sent him to the Jail at Welch.
Hooks and McGran were both well-known
citizens.
DIPLOMAS FOB PUPILS
OF SAN DIEGO NORMAL
Twenty-Two Graduates of the State
Institution in the South Are
Honored.
SAN DIEGO, June 28. — The annual com
mencement of the San Diego State Nor
mal School was held last evening at the
assembly room of that institution on Uni
versity Heights. The principal portion or
the exercises consisted of an address to
the class by Isadore B. Dockweiler, one
of the members of the board of trustees.
A short address was made by W. R. Guy.
president of the board, and the diplomas
were handed to the graduates by Presi
dent Black.
There are only twenty-two graduates
this year. The other members of the class,
who helped In the commencement exer
cises this spring, are to graduate next
February. Those who received diplomas
are: •
Gwinn Pace Anderson. Fanny Fern Baarby.
Guy Owen Frazer. Edg&r "Variels Dodge, Mary
Bissell deary, Maud Elizabeth Clark, Ross
Stage Carter, William Thomas Hale. Stella
Viola Henkln)?, Elizabeth Le Breton Marston.
Eliza Swift Torrence, Marie Bowie O'Bannon,
Haze! Marjorle 'Woodruff, Anna Catherine Lee.
Nellie Louise White, Alme ¦ Baxter Titus,
Charles Belford Jones, Herbert Kirk Wood,
Floyd Sydney Wines, Anna Edith Lookyer.
Phoebe Elizabeth Lilllorap, Erma Wellington
Ricker. •
VAQUERO LASSOES AUD
KILLS A LARGE EAGLE
Exciting Combat Takes Place on the
Be Long Ranch Near San
SAN RAFAEL. June 28.— An exciting
battle took place on one of the large
ridges of the De Long Ranch yesterday,
when Thomas Sutton, a vaquero, lassoed
and afterward killed an enormous eagle.
• "Yesterday morning I was riding over
the ranch, looking for some cattle," said
Sutton to-day In describing the combat.
"As I went up over a high knoll on tha
ridge I rode right on to two large eagles
that were sitting on the ground. One of
them became frightened and flew away.
The other tried to fly, but was only able
to flap along the ground, owing. I believe,
to the fact that It had just gorged, itself
on a nearby carcass.
"I got out my riata and threw a loop
over the bird. The rope fastened to a
wing and then the fun commenced. The
eagle flew at my horse. It was only by
some lively running that I waa able to
tangle him up in a brush patch, where
after considerable trouble I killed • him.
Eagles are scarce here, these two being
the only ones seen in years."
Sutton took his prize to Novato, where
it was an object of much curiosity, and
later sent it to San Francisco to be
mounted. The bird's wings had a spread
of seven feet.
Marble for Statue of White.
LO3 ANGELES, June 23.— Frank A.
Klmball, a personal friend of the late
Senator Stephen M. White, who owns a
marble quarry near Victor, has «ffered
to donate as much marbla as will be re
quired for the base of the White statue
to be erected in this city,
OAKLAND, June 28.— A boating party
from Alameda on the tidal canal this
evening terminated In the drowning of one
boy and the making of a hero of another
lad, who saved the life of one companion
and almost succeeded In saving the boy
who was drowned. The party was com
posed of four boys living In Alameda—
Paul Bordwell, son of the late George A.
Bordwell; Arthur Gott. son of a Park
street jeweler; Samuel Nathan and Claud
Smith. Young Smith was drowend. Bord
well saved the life of Nathan. Smith is a
colored lad and lived with his mother,
Mrs. E. L-. Smith, a dressmaker, at 2412
Buena Vista avenue. ..
The boys* went out rowing shortly after
dinner. About 10 o'clock it was proposed
that they go home. This was opposed by
Claud Smith, the boy who was drowned.
The boys began struggling. Smith trying
to hold Nathan to prevent him from row-
Ing. In the scuffle Smith and Nathan fell
overboard. Neither was able to swim.
Bordwell was the only one able to swim,
and it devolved upon him to try to save
the lives of his two companions in the
water. He bravely swam for the strug
gling lads and managed to catch young
Nathan and swim with him to the shore.
He .then returned for -smith, but he was
too late. The colored lad sank in a deep
hole. Young Gott remained In the boat.
¦ Nathan is now under the care of a. doc
tor, but will recover. Bordwell did not
suffer any injury.
Two Alameda Lads
While Skylarking Fall
Into Canal.
BOATING PARTY
ENDS IN DEATH
WILL PAY MORE
THAN IS ASKED
China's Liberality in
Dealing With the
Nations.
Greedy Powers Will Gobble
Up All the Money That
Is Offered. V
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N. VT..
WASHINGTON, June 2S.-It is said at the
State Department that the demand of tha
powers for 450,000,000 taels ($327,000,000) may
be sufficient to meet even the additional
claims some cf the powers contemplate
presenting to China. The department haa
received a statement of the claims pre
sented by each power and they give a
total of 415.000.CO0 taels ($301,000,000). It was
suggested that 33,000.000 taels ($25,400,000).
the difference . between this sum and the
amount of the lump sum demanded by the
powers, be refunded to China. It 13 alto
gether unlikely that the powers will per
form such an act of generosity. Germany
proposes to increase its claim for military
expenses by 10,000,000 or perhaps 12,000,000
taels.
Because Japanese bonds sell at less than
par, SO being the price quoted, the Jap
anese Government has Informed the pow
ers that it proposes to increase its Indem
nity in order that it may not suffer a I033
in consequence of the expenses it has in
curred. Japan has submitted a very mod
est claim, ?25,000,000, and the authorities do
not object to its efforts to secure an addi
tional $5,00O.COO. which will reimburse It for
tho expenditures.
But the authorities seriously object to
Germany's claim for additional compensa
tion. It Is feared that the effect of Ger
many's action will be to cause other pow
ers to increase their claims, and if thU
should be done, then the 35.000,000 taeli
will be distributed 'among the govern
ments anxious to wrest China's last cent
from her treasury.
PEKING. June 2S.— Word has been re
ceicvd here of the arrival of Duke I.an
and Prince Tuan at Uiumski, Turkestan,
in which place of banishment they have
been sentenced to reside. A Russian Con
sul is stationed at Uiumski and he will
notify the Russian Government should the
banished Chinese leave that place. .
In. the Divorce Cbxirt.
Decrees of divorce, were granted yester
day to Mary A. Kollman from Thomas A.
Kollman for desertion. Marie Astrup from
Hagen Astrup for cruelty and Frances A
Lynch from Michael H. Lynch for failure
to provide. 'Mrs. B.B." Walcott has sued
A.R." WaJcott for divorce, alleging failure
to provide as cause of action. ¦
; Southern Pacific will sell-Fourlh 'of July
excursion tickets at low, rates from every,
ticket office on the system." > On'sale July 3
and ! 4, limited to July . 8. E; For details in
quire of : nearest ' agent, or ¦ at 613 j Market
stre©t. t 'SwS3J'*' ! ?'^'SE?^t*^»^C''iS3^^^i^2^i!!SSS5G
"Lovr Hates All Over the State.
Oakland Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND,! June ;. 28.— The following
marriage licenses were issued at- the
County Clerk's office to-day: Frederick
W. Smith of Oakland, aged 39, and Annie
A. Western of Oakland, aged 32; Chris J.
Jensen of Oa,kland, aged 24, and Lena C'
Nielsen of. Sausalitc, aged 26; Archibald C.
L-eoneof Oakland,' aged 21, ; and Belle To
rah« of; 1 Oakland, aged : 23; -Alexander :¦• J.
Barry of Oakland, aged 29, and Ai'.nie Mc-
Cann of Oakland, aged 3*.
Spends His Life in Jail.
James Wilson, an ex-convict, was sen
tenced by Judge Mogan yesterday to six
months in the County Jail on a charge of
petty larceny for stealing a bolt of cloth
from Harry Francis, a tailor, on Sutter
street, near Montgomery. During the
past twenty-four years Wilson has been
sentenced twenty-six times for stealing
Cltcfl AfloefiSOffl id Appenr,
OAHSON, NeV,, Jtina JM.-.Juu'tfe llawley
IflHUPri a. r PHfinliilii« (inifir In ( tin mutter
of the application by the Southern 1'nclfin
Hallroad Cotnpnny for an injunction
at?aln«t the ABseBBors of the Btttte of Ne
vada, by which they are to bo.rostraliind
from anBGBBlngr the broporty of the South
ern 1'aclflc In tho State of Nevada. It i«
directed to every Assessor In tho Btato,
and cltea them to appear on July IB and
show cause why an Injunction should" not
be granted.
R. Ii. Craig.
LOS ANGELES, June 28.-R.L. Craig,
head . of the wholesale ' grocery; house of
R. L. Craig & Co. 'and : president of the
Los Angeles Merchants', and Manufactur
ers' Association, died suddenly at his res
idence Jn this city at 9 o'clock this morn-
Ing. The cause of his death was ' blood
poisoning. , . . ...\.
SANTA CRUZ, June 28.— James B. Cook
died here this morning. He* was a native
of Massachusetts, aged 59 years. '
James B. Cook.
ouaiq LuorynBfl_ON stuzkisq.
marcs Bpenks to tli§ Ma
ohlnietii.
President ef tilt G)ininl.«r Qt Com-
ffiifii Cffiiti, ffaxlrtent ef th# Ohflmhar
et C!«mm*>fea { riellverert hii Interesllng «rt»
flir.nn hi*! nielli before Hi" MrtGliliilHlM'
UlllOI) fit III" l|i</l(1i|llfll It'l-fl 01) MlXlh Ktinnl
<.n, "Now /i'mImmii, h LhimI Without
airll<pH." Tht* Imll ffttn flfowdeii with ietm
wot Iu'ih niio lli" »i'1iIi.«(?m wiin llfltencd in
with nififiu'd attention. At lt« doiidltiHlnM
tha upeftkef wni InttifroKtttcil rpRttrtllnw
the lawn of New Zenlnnd nnd their Hjipll*
ciilillliy to the ccouonilo conditions of this
Tho lecturer Bald In part) "In New Zen*
In nd SB per cent of the ronresontatlon In
the legislature Is In the hands of tho la
borers. In this country arbitration has
beon suKRcnted ti» tho proper nottlement
of labor difficulties, but In New Zealand
It has been made compulsory. Luborlng
men aro encouraged by the authorities to
unionize. If the sanitary conditions of a
factory or lt« ventilation la not properly
arranged or If the cubic air law lo vlo
latctU the laborers In New- Zealand need
but complain to the commission and the
abuse will be righted.
"There Is a -regularly elected court of
arbitration In New Zealand, with power
about equal to that of our Circuit Courts,
which decides all cases of dispute be
tween capital and labor. From its decis
ion there is no appeal and both parties are
bound to abide by it."
'In response to a query. Mr. Cralp stated
that he thought the laws of New Zealand
weie capable of Indefinite expansion and
that they might be utilized to ameliorate
the conditions of labor in this country.
DEATH AND PROSTRATION
FROM INTENSE HEAT
New York Experiences the Warmest
Weather of the Year, 02 in
. the Shade,
NEW YORK, June 28,— New York ex,
perlenced the hottest weather of the year
tO'day, tb§ thermometer registering H2
In tha enadfj, In Greater New VorH eight
deaths end fifty prostrations wer« r«»
ported up to midnight. In Jersey Q^ y
snrt near.py towns \n Kaw Jersey abput
twenty prpstmtlons oeewprif}, mi no
deaths; Tn.nlght ft gentle hreezs pooled,
Him fttmosphera somewhat,
aWOAQQ, Jwne gU.—'I'hls wss th« e|»h»h
flay nt tha. hot wave. The temparRHira
r«HQhe(J P3 flegreej and there, W§P© two
«)MA'lfA, Nehr,, Jlinfl 2S,«=To.day wnn
tha hou^f Juna my on tha records of tha
Wt*H}liap luirpftit, Ina tiieFinomfltap rn»f)i*
\\\% W) flPSraajd, filfl Wlml« Wfelt hBH
{•«* mIbj'whh ftS.fl.nn Oil wwh ili@ mlfiimum
h ft i iiti til for Hm weeff. ¦ , ¦
Aanmam yi'i'v, Mo,, Juris H-fllia tem
[Wrflllll'a «t 4 \U Hi, WHH JOOi Mlellftpj Uft.1"
tr, ft \nmmv, win rimmiM by tlio
i««( «jia iijN (joiidltiijii Ih efltioftl.
i'lTTMm/lUl, itUIIW 2fl,^VVfllid Ilia HirtJtl*
tniiiii ((¦iri|i"i(itMic IiuiImv WtiH Inn M Mini
tlin iTiliiliiiiim in, three (itmthB und povciiiI
linifllnill'HiH win ii'puclcil,
.U0J511 l'KIOONERS
AlllUVli AT BEBMUDA
HAMILTON, Bermuda, June 28.-The
British transport Armenia, having on
board tho first shipload of Uoer prisoner*
to be auartered on , Darrela and Tuckers
isinmlM hero, arrived In those waters to
day, Only tho health offlcerw ara-/illowetl
to visit the ship at present. It Is rumored
that there Is much sickness on board.
The Armenian had a; good passage of
eleven days from the Island of St. Vin
cent. The prisoners seem to bo In good
spirits, though rather ragged In appear
ance. There > was no case of infectious
disease on board and the ship was allowed
pratique. . The prisoners are n mixed lot
of. native Dutch and Europeans. The
water supply for tho new arrival Is
scarce, as the weather has been exceed
ingly dry, and the condensing apparatus
for. the camps has not yet been erected.
It was only received this week from Lon
don. The- prisoners were not landed to
day. •: ¦' / '¦¦_ ' ¦ '
OTJR AEMY-IS THE BEST, .
SAYS LORD WOLSELEY
LONDON, June 28.— During the debate
on the .army reorganization bill , in the
House 'of Loris; to-day! Lord .AVolseley,
the former - commander in chief of.Uhe
army, • declared j that the ; United -States
army i was "¦ the ' finest \ of its ¦ size ; in the
world.' X He said its superiority, was due to
good i wages." z Great Britain .was to face
the alternative of conscription or bounties
GBAND .TUBY INVESTIGATES
.COOPER PERJURY CHARGE
Indictment Against Man Who Ille
gally Married Miss Norlne
Schneider Is Certain.
The new Grand Jury began Its labors
yesterday by conducting an Investigation
of a perjury charge against "Sir" Harry
Westwood Cooper, District Attorney By,
ington presented the evidence In tho trial
of Cooper, wherein H was shown that hu
had perjured himself in testifying that
the telegram pent to Miss Norlna Bchnel.
der. whom ha afnrward married, we*
sent a* the result at an agreement be
tween him and his future w|f«,
The firm wHneen railed w»» wru,
firhnelder, who repeated tha evlrtenG«
fflven hy her fn court Cooper hart not
f.ftd a Set-ret merlins wllh her daughter
to uminge the pending of.}"* telegram. »»
h« r.«rt leMlfied, Miss M«rl« Me/melder,
Knottier dftM*ht»r. fwitlflwt nfrpllarly, typ»
that no had sent the leleffram,
Wtill« no ninUtn waa <«ke'i. It l» under*
M««rt »tt«i «he Orand Jury wilt feliirn an
Jriilcmn.f a«alni<i i/nop«*r for i^fjnry,
i'hiii^r «i(|i« i\ft><\ \ipt(jr» t\\<\w ibm ye**
lftrdny vi M npn\fWt>A, inn mi ncvuwin u\
i lie (if and iury \in«**$\nw a«fiWiict* wo«
Ymeimn t*Ynuf\»* announced \\\a follow.
fn« niniiiiHiit eyiiimiuwN to t>eive on the
Ofnfiti JUtl'i
Mnw-r afid It'idH of Mfi»Hr!«ftrHi
AwM'if, TtfiHWt, I«O»/IIP A4tn\M*lta.ttjr,
Tnx «rnl ttU'iunf <'>ilf««<torft— Jamea Jiutler, B.
I), J'fltmnh «M'1 If. J. <i««'ii.
Utintrt of I'uMlf. Wat**, J'nfk f<i;fntnlMl(i»i,
Kleellon VnmtnlnrUm, UcKliitriir^l'iilllli .1. l>aw
li>r, U»nty W, W'teAtn «m1 Jullu* Kftiek,
Hnnra tit Itonlth nn<1 City Vhyrioinnn, Alms
liiiu»f, hortillMld «nd Mn»-iln1"ii Hocifty, Coro
firr'n offlre n»i>i Mfirijuc— j, II, I'uggan, John
Tonnln««en ani John A. K«-nn«dy.
Bujitrior, 1'olire ntvl Juntloeu pourla, county
nri'l court clerkn iiti'l >>t«noj{riipherii, I'lutrlct
• rtd City mna t'ouniy Attorhcys— Thomas J.
Wduli, J. C. O'Connor and It. 11. Bchlueter.
Board of niucntlnn, ptibtlo iiciinols and tench
era, publln library and branches, Recorder,
Civil {Service Cotnmlnoinn— Hamuel Irving, J.
M. Killt> and n. II. Sturdlvant.
Police CornmlB(<lon. pollc* force. City Prison,
FhcrlfTa offlte. County and TJranch Jails, Klro
CommlR^lon. nremrn engines, Fire Mar
rhol, fire alarm, department of electricity—
I y eter J. Tormey, A. P. Olanntnl and Hoy T.
Klmba.ll.
Charles R. Gagan was appointed official
stenographer of thi Grand Jury.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Bayley gave an enjoya
ble dinner in their new home on Sunday
last. Among thope present were: Ur. and
Mrs. Artigues, Mr. and Mrs. L. Lacaze,
XT. J. Gorman, Kitty Bailey, Dr. O. Relle,
Master Artigues, Mr. and Mrs. E. O.
Rieser. Mr. and Mrs. C. Artigues, Mr. and
Mrs. Bailey.
A pleasant party took place at the resi
dence of Mr. D. Driscoll, 488 Castro street,
on Tuesday, the occasion being the cele
bration of Annie L. Driscoll's sixth birth
day. Those present were: Etber Secor,
Charlotte O'Neil, Eunice Miller, Georgette
Orr, Loona Kip, Shirley Gray, Marlon
Cray, Sophia, and Carmelita Gilbert, Aga
tha ICavanaugh, Ethel Campbell, Irene
Barker, Genevleve Ott, Gertie Doheney,
Marie McCormick, Amelia, Belle and Mary
MiMahon, Lorraine ICip, Mary Dolph,
Alice and Lorraine Youijg, Lucinda Hall,
Maud Livingstone, Berni« and Ixjulse My
fcru, May and Gertie O'Kell, Luna Ulaeauf,
Kl&lu Piper, Master Montagne Barton,
;-iL.i.i. y Livingston, Lc-o McMahon. Har»
...-! «nd Milton Waters, Willie Hanes,
lifttry Prlspoll, Clyde Uvane, }-;dgar Ken*
liedy, l^ro Powelbon, the Mleses Victoria
Orr, MbgeTlfc UflKsett JJvtllne Ueaudet,
May O'N'eil, Mabel Pritenll, MeuUttmea
Ji,..:, is- i.i.' n, Oalvln end iiatnii.
Tjj6 nrmi*artnuft\ reception of <h« Native
Bon* of Vermont will Ij« ht-lrt et 044 Fe\,
J»iws' Hull, i''rii1ay evening, July 6, The
fallowing tKHJfcM vr<>ttrumriu hax Men
\>rrptir*(i fur the wetting'* entertainments
. > . ii.n. , i..id..j,..i alrp. r>e||eit|t»n*' 1 « uf
rti<-Ptr»j eper-iNltlen, Mte* MMrgu^rlio
llonnj bnryinutt f"\n, Mr, lUibt-niAnyft ;
•Miiir, Ml** M«u«1 Day <'»lrn>; •Wo, "'Wimj
tfi*vt-iywhert>." itHvUiner tnupruua, Mintt
"OfMrud* Humffitri vMIn "VitKUff*, MIhh
I 'Mi!*. ,M..MI...in, |.|tili'., .Mire r*-lil I.' i t-i „
i .-.I. i... I., tuning, Mr* JtuJe i> Mmu«.|
«»>, \V, rt '/fn.ft.o win <--.iii from Now
Y»»fk un «h» M^ufn^r r;t ( imi.i. July 6, tut
U "". I,.. .,.,!,.- .:1,,l lllOKIOl.
M 1 * ,l'.i.<i M-.mI" y If) h'.nir. Mf^tln nflft
en pi.k >.. .. of iiic < i-i'.tiHie. f.ii i. uhb been
vfnltlru; •¦ i'<"- "¦ In Hi'- r;ii«f. On fli* »<¦
lurft inutiit-y *h» rjirjil fi'Vfrn) week* In
lli« lellr>%v«tnri»» NnHonnl 1'nrk,
Mr*. A. !/. Vng\P t,f (he MntH Bt. Nlrfu
o1«« 1"ft ln*t Hnttirrtfty to vlnlt relative
In New York <*lt>\ fih»! will tt\nn vlntit the
Uufffllo rxi»o«ltlon,«flnd will return In two
month*.
Mrn- Harry Moroiico and children are
r priidlng the summer month* at Ihe coun
try hnmn of Mr. Wnlter Morosco, Gera
nium Flacp. Krultval«».
Mm. J. Newark of Needles Is visiting
her mother, Mrs, V. Folks, at 823 Kills
ftrrct.
Mrs. M. Sclzcr 1» stopping at the Mon
tro»p.
Genevieve O'Neill and Gertie McArdle
of Ban Krandsco arc Bojourning at Andcr
eon Springs, Lake County.
Urn. Max Grucnberjr, Raoul Gruenberg
and Mrs. E. Hlrschfeld of Alameda are
at the Toland Hous<\ Howell Mountain,
for ihelr summer vacation. Mrs. Gruen
bers will spend the mon;h of July at Cat
allnu Islcnd. • _
Mrs. G. Ledercr and MrB. B. Meyer have
moved to S71 Post street. At home flm
TuosdayB.
Mr and Mrs. C. B. Lork leave for Aetna
Bprin&F the early part of July.
Mrs J. Liouis McKlnnon and her daugh-
Iter Aileen are guests at Congress Springs.
Mrs. M. J. Kelly and Miss Laura Kelly
have grme to Bartlett Springs for the
fummer
M'fs Eva Plncus is spending a few
weeks at Ross.
Miss Frances Helman is at Skaggs
Springs for a fortnight's stay.
Ben Lust and Joseph Zuckerman will
Fpend their vacation at Skaggrs Springs.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Clayburgh announce
the cngaement of their daughter Emily to
jvir Charles E. Baenof Bakersfield. Thqy
will receive on Sunday, July 7. and Tues
day. July 9. from 2 to 5 o'clock at 1810
B"«.-h «treet ' - '¦¦"¦¦¦¦ ." ! i."''TWSF
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
BOSTON, June 28.— The' oration of
"Ideals In Politics" which "Wayne Mac-
Veagh delivered before the Phi Beta Kap
pa at its annual meeting at Cambridge,
has attracted unusual attention. Among
other things MacVeagh said:
. It seems to me quite too plain for dispute
that no slnsrfe member of a weaker race can
be killed; no hut of such a race, however
humble, can be burned; no one can be selected
for especial honor for his part in such pitiful
warfare without its helping 1 to light the torch
which r.tarts the fire by which some hapless
negro is to be burned at the stake in our own
country, not only in defiance but in contempt
of law, and all such acts must be surely fol
lowed by greater Insecurity for the surplus
wealth which the contented class possesses.
. Now it is at least quite possible that in the
not distant future American politics may
transform Webster's warning: into history, for
our electorate is already beginning to be dl-'
vlded, and must. In obedience to the law of
social evolution, continue more and more to be
divided by that pharp cleavage which separ
ates thope who are contented with their lot
from those who are discontented with their
lot.
Under whatever dlsculses, called by what
ever names. Inheriting or itelzlnsr whatever
partisan organization, the alignment of two
great political divisions of American votors
who will sooner or later struggle utralnst each
other for the possession of the Government,
will Inevitably be upon the basis I have
named. The party of the contented will be
ranged under tne banner and the party of the
discontented will be ranged under the other,
(ini that alignment will steadily develop in
creasing sharpness of division until the party
of the discontented, being the majority, has
obtained the control of the Government, to
which, under our system, they are entitled,
and then they will be sure to remodel the
present system for th»s distribution of wealth,
unless we have previously dona so, upon bases
wider and more equitable than those now ex»
jst|nr, Th9 one party will lie, under whatever
name, the party of capital, and th« other
party will be, under whatever nama, the part/
pf laborr
H certainly would tend to m»V» private
property f»r mora dear In A merles, if tbt less
forninftte majority f>t our powl»tlpn vnw u«,
wr the mora fortunate minority, would give
pnuratre an1 tlmp antf thought to effort* to
fculva these iinilil' Mib and otlvrs Ilka them, ho. I
thereby to Imsoh P"?ma at th* evil* whtah in
m»iiy *»•»» l«4r so h»»vlly *»n4 so unjustly
Wayne MacVeagh Pre
dicts Great Political
Division.
LABOR'S PARTY
WILL BE RULER
TRIES TO SAVE
HUSBAND'S LIFE
Wife Says She Is. Guilty
Before an Electro
cution.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 28.-Mrs. Ed
win Ruthven, wife of the Cleveland mur
derer who was electrocuted at the peni
tentiary early this morning, made a last
effort to save the life of her husband. In
the presence of the Rev. W. M. Langford
and others she declared that she herself
killed Policeman Shipp. She said that on
the night of the murder she and her hus
band had a little quarrel and she left tho
house to cool her wrath. She met Charles
Jacobs, the mysterious individual of
which Ruthven spoke so often, and he
p?ked for Edwin, saying that he had a
Job on hand. She told him that her hus
band was not at home, but that she would
help.
According to her story, she dressed her
self in her Husband's clothing and assisted
Jacobs in committing' the burglary. Po
liceman Shipp appeared on the scene and
Jacobs fled, ler.ving her alone with the
policeman. She said she shot and killed
Shipp. Ruthven, when told of the con
fession, declared that It was not true and
that his wife was "Innocent of any crime.
PLEADS FOB PAL ON GALLOWS.
Alabama Murderer Says That Former
Companion Is Innocent.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., June 28.— Frank
Miller, a. notorious safe-robber and mur
derer of Policeman J. W. Adams, was
hanged at 10:55 o'clock, and Alonzo Wil
liams, colored, murderer of Bob Callahan,
colored, was hanged at 11:58 o'clock to
day In the yard of the Jefferson County
After he had mounted the scaffold and
viewed the crowd of 300 spectators, Miller
asked If any one desired to aBk him any
questions, State Solicitor Ileflin urged
Miller to tell the truth,
"I am innocent," hs replied, " and Dun
can ts innocent, too, If you haner .Duncan
you will baner an Innocent man,"
Duncan Is Miller's alleged accomplice,
who is serving a llfo sentence, Millar re
peated prayers after Father O'ReJily Just
before |he drop fell, Williams died fn <t
religious frenssy.
0m nlfht In March, 1000, the safa^f ths
fits nri&rrt Oil Company was blown open
»nrt rntobart by h saner of n^ men, Police
man Q, W, Jflrkjey and J, W, Adams ar»
pstert Frank Miller anrt Frank Duncan.
Tlifly nroks uway and n>rt at (ha ortjp«r«,
fatally wnundln* tjofb nf fh«m, Ivater 1
they wera aiuiFfhenoedi Miller wan «on»
ylnwi and kiv*ii thfl death penalty and
iMmfflnwfls given r lite Hunfenos fn th§
iwmuyitlirK' Hie CMc
initn ToiniiftflNftdnr, flAfmliitf (J^imuu oltl*
BfliiNhip, and Ilia.! «fnulal I'wniesiwi «n«
tlttvprmr to etummtitt ¦Millar'* tipiiteiiee»
''Ut U»" iwi»ie»t w«h feftiijfjii ¦
Wllilrtmd whn HfjFvinft ft Ufa se/ifenee for
mimlei m tfia mil in jiph tieiilUiiiiAW
whan lift klil»'.l Hnti CmIImIiimi, K r«llnw«
eoiivlet, Htfliiiiliitf film with n <«fmlj)ldMi
DETROIT, June 28.-"Unlfication of Re
form Forces and Organization" was the
subject discussed at to-night's meeting of
the second national social and political
conference. Professor Seely of Ohio Uni
versity, the first speaker, advocated di
rect legislation. H. G. Wllshlre of Los
Angeles, Cal., argued for a co-operative
system as against the present competitive
wage system, and asserted that three
years from now the co-operative system
would be recognized as the remedy for
present economic conditions and woula be
generally adopted.
Professor E. W. Bemis of New York
discussed "The Place of Trades Unions In
Reform Movements." He said:
"In order. to progress socially and eco
nomically .we must educate and organize,
and I think that the unions are giving
men lessons that will help greatly Tn or
ganizing the masses."
Discussing Professor Bemis' paper, the
Rev. Mr. .Mills of Chicago gaid that labor
must, follow the " example of the great
trusts, and by becoming polUical masters
of tho country make themselves an inter
national factor.
During the afternoon delegates interest
ed in single tax, the Ruskin Hall move
ment, mutual banking, prohibition and
other special subjects formed themselves
Into groups and talked over these sub
jects.
Delegates to Conference
in Chicago Discuss
Labor.
PRAISE WORK
OF THE UNIONS
OAKLAND, June 28. — The Los An
geles Elks' baseball team left this
evening on the Owl train to meet
the Oakland Elks' baseball team
In a game on Sunday. This is the
beginning of one of the longest amateur
baseball tours that has ever been planned,
for it will extend from the southern part
of California through the States of Cali
fornia, Oregon and' Washington, with
Oakland as the first stopping place.
The Los Angeles team will travel In
luxury. The players will have their own
car and will make the entire trip in it.
They are due to 'arrive in Oakland to
morrow morning and will be met by a
delegation of Oakland Elks, who will es
cort them to the Metropole Hotel, where
they will stay while in this city. At the
close of their visit in Oakland they will
leave for Portland, where they will play
the Portland Elks July 6. They will then
go to Seattle, Tacoma and Spokane and
other cities in the Northwest where there
are Elk baseball teams. Upon their re
turn to California they will play the Elk
baseball teams of Stockton, Sacramento.
Santa Rosa, Vallejo and a return game
with Oakland. The trip will consume
about a month. , ,
The Los Angeles team Is accompanied
by several southern Elks who are not
players, among them J. M. Mott, the ex
alted ruler of the Los Angeles Lodge.
The Oakland Elks intend giving their
visiting brothers a good time while they
CENSUS OFFICE
GIVES RETURNS
Figures on the Number
of Men in Several
¦
States.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— The Census
Office to-day issued a bulletin giving the
number of persons of school age, males
of military age and voting age, and citi
zenship of foreign born males 21 years
of age and over, from Alabama, Alaska,
Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado
and Connecticut. It shows the number of
persons of school age, 5 to 20 years, In
clusive, and the males of school age, re
spectively, as follows:
Alabama, 733,222 and 367,757; Alaska,
11,408 and 2000; Arkansas, 529,375 and 2G5,
541; California, 420,081 and 212,723; Colo
rado, 160,531 and 80,729, and Connecticut,
257.101 and 127,962.
The males of military ace: Alabama,
328,999; Alaska. 19,703; Arizona, 34,231; Ar
kansas. 230.30S; California, 358,877; Colo
rado. 142,138, and Connecticut, 207,696.
The males of voting age follow: Ala
bama, 413,862, of which the native born
number is 405,558; Alaska. 37,500, native
born 26.4S9; Arizona. 44,081. native born
30,606; Arkansas, 313.S36. native born 305.
4S4; California, 544.0S7, native born 318,817;
Colorado, 185.708, native born 133.935; Con
necticut. 29S.2S0. native born 173.24S.
Over 50 per cent of the foreign born of
voting age were naturalized, save In Ari
zona. wheTe only 34.8 per cent were natu
ralized. There is a large percentage ofll
llterates among the alien element. The
males of voting age as a whole include
only a very small percentage of Illiter
ates in California, Colorado and Connecti
cut, but in the remaining four States and
Territories Illiterate males of voting age
constitute from one-fifth to one-third of
the whole number: 33.7 per cent in Ala
bama, 26.3 per cent in Alaska, 23.9 per
cent in Arizona and 20 per cent in Ar
kansas. These large percentages are due
to the great number of Illiterate persons
of negro descent in Alabama and Arkan
sas, illiterate Chinese and Indians in
Alaska and illiterate Indians and foreign
whites in Arizona.
The percentage of illiterates among the
native white males of voting age is 14.2
for Alabama and 10.3 for Arkansas and of
illiterate foreign whites 30.0 for Arizona
and 15.6 for Connecticut. The percentage
of foreign born males of . voting age
ranges from 27.9 per cent in Colorado to
41.4 per cent in California. Of the whole
number of males of voting age In Alabama
and Arkansas practically 98 out of every
100 are native born; in Alaska, California
and Connecticut more than one-third, and
in Arizona and Colorado more than one
fourth of the males of military age are
foreign born, while In Alabama and Ar
kansas substantially all the males of this
class are native born.
Senator Scott Denies Having
Made Promise to Grand
Army Men.
f=X>ecial Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. June 28.— A sudden
collapse has come in the movement to in
duce President McKinley to. appoint a new
Commissioner of Pensions, the alleged
ground that the Republican National
Committee promised Evans' head to Gen
eral Sickles.
General Sickles' friends have been say
ing that Senator N. B. Scott of West Vir
ginia, who was the leading member of the
National Committee In 1S96, wrote a letter
promising that Commissioner Evans
should be removed. Senator Scott was in
the city to-day, and on learning of this
statement called on Commissioner Evans
and assured him that he had made no
euch promise.
"I am positive," Bald Senator Scott,
"that I wrote no such letter. During the
campaign 2 received many letters from
old soldiers criticizing Evans. I dictated
answers to these letters, and may have
expressed the opinion that Mr. Evans
would not remain as Commissioner of
Pensions, but at no time within my recol
lection did I write to any one making any
promise on behalf of the President.
Scott Had No Authority.
**I had no authority to make any such
promise, as neither the President nor the
National Committee had Instructed me to
do bo. If any such letter is in the posses
sion of fcny one it is outside of the author
ity of the National Committee or its
chairman. I asked my stenographer if she
remembered writing any letter to General
Sickles. She said I had dictated some
thing like 18,000 letters to her during the
campaign and that she had no recollection
of any letter to General Sickles promising
the removal of Commissioner Evans."
President McKinley has listened to the
complaints of old soldiers and also to the
other side. It can be stated that he has
no on© In mind as Commissioner Evans'
Fuceeseor. and h« Is said to be much im
pressed with the cleanness of Commls
eioner Evans* administration and the
commendation that Evans has received
from the press.
The Commissioner's statement, includ
ing the letter of General Sickles com
mending the management of the pension
bureau, is regarded In official circles as
closing the controversy, so far as General
Sickles is a factor.
Sickles Publishes Correspondence.
NEW YORK, June 28.— Nettled by the
denial of Senator Scott, chairman of the
last Republican National Committee, that
the removal of Commissioner Evans lad
been promised. General Daniel Slcklea to
aay made public the correspondence In re
gard to the disputed matter. General
Sickles expressed great indignation.
"In view of this denial," he said, "I
herewith give to the press my correspond
ence with Senator Scott. Based upon the^e
assurances from the Republican National
Committee, I caused it to be known in the
V estern States I visited in October that
Commissioner Evans would be superseded
in March, when his term expired. These
assurances were ratified by the President
on November 27. after election, in the
presence of representative soldiers from
different parts of the country, when we
visited him at the White House by ap
pointment to congratulate him upon his
re-election. He then stated to us that it
was his Intention to choose a successor to
Commissioner Evans at the expiration of
his term of office."
Sickles publishes Senator Scott's letter
in which Scott stated his belief that Pres
ident McKinley would choose a successor
to Evans, a man who would be satisfac
tory to the old soldiers. Scott closed his
letter in these words: "This Is all I can
say without embarrassing the President."
General Sickles says ne then wrote to
McKinley; "but." says Sickles. "I must
decline to state what answer the President
made. The time has not arrived yet. I
will say, however, that unless Evans is
removed there will be 'music' "
Old Soldiers Will Not Be
Able to Cause His
Removal.
EVANS RETAINS
PENSION OFFICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATUBD AT, JUNE 2a» 1901.
Los Angeles Team Starts on a Tour Through California* Oregon and Washington, and
§§H Will Make the First Stop to Play a Friendly Game' With Oakland. v-
BROTHER ELKS WILL CONTEST ON THE DIAMOND
FOR CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE BASEBALL REALM
c
11
THE DAY'S DEAD.
<l U U U U U U O U U u C J U O O U <J O U <V U U O
qooQQQpopoop __ u-a^-i — -JXTETIfl SO, If5©l— — -*--»•¦- J0OO900P9909
OOOOQOOOOOOQ i i ¦ -.. n ... . in i. - i ¦¦ 1 Q 0 OOO0OO000
OOOOQOOOOOOO 200QOQOOOOOO
lOPOOQQpOOQO M\ f HP—I /-y^ 3OOOOQOQOOOO
#m/ #¦¦» JC W )e99«9eoo«e«
3O00O0O0OQO0 #W mmm4 #1 m iQooqoeooqoo
qOQQQ§QQ(iQeiG . 799904000909
¦iQnnoriQnnnoo *-*+. w ' V t* W W*±. J* m. JF * }00O99O09999
t - e n o n n q ,-, o o o ft (Jaaal B I t\i t^m #1 Tr w Vk ?©«09090990fl
¦jnoflt)flo«QM«o m. M # xt M—J J*m M (^^M J9«e«o«»9oe«
<»0G0G00f»a0efi m^ * W M m *• -^^ )9O1999909S«
OftO@@00fl0§efl mm m W )09099099§0O
?<700@o30§d@0 i m^ #1 i M )090oo0ooeoo
¦). -I 0 0 HOMO .7 0^^ ./HI fin y Bsn V IT V " Q * * f * ? f f f ?
f»s8»98 ead@aee90e00 0O0990eeooe«0ee««eod99O9000oe9 400990
90&@06 <jo@@66606dseoe&0e0000@edO6t0e0eoo00ffoooo0o
•1 >H)i>li« 'IK flfj 400000
H&Qt)Qt> 0 0 «mU _*.. 06*00000
>> 0 0 » 6t> ad 1^ 1 i^ • i 00*00000
', o n ">> (< ,.r, 111 ri I^4#*CT «O 900009
000000 66 I B|l~ I ir\l 00 oooooo
- ; 1} n ' < 1 1 ri c , , , lllW fl ll jl 00 900900
11 0 0 (: o 0 n o oC 909000
<) o n o o b 0 ( , '. "- . _^ 00 ooooo«
000000 00 * ¦ 00 °2 O 2 O °
000000 00 . m-r -4 /% . H 00 0J0J0J
iisii! i! Number of the si %%$
00000000 lllllllR/Vl vrl ilaV 00 oo o o o o
OOOOOO OO ¦¦•¦•¦:.¦•.. <r, .-.'.<.'. . O0©°0°o0
00000° 00 ooo°o°o°
Ililll II Twentieth Century, il IIIIiI
OOOOOO 00 /•¦ ". ' O00°0°0°
oooooo 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 O S°S O °
OOOOOO 00000000000000000000000000000000 °0°°000000 QOO
llllll A Timely Issue of Thrilling Interest. Ullll
OOOOOO OOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOC OOOOOOOO O §°o°o
lliih NOTE A FEW OF THE FEATURBS: |s|g|S
00000,0000000 * .. Xnc Passing of U12 Sword. oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo " *» oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo filinn^ind 71 Nntfnnni FmKlom oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo ,-. . vuOOMIIg a llUUUllal UnDlgul. oooooooooooo
00 00 0 oooo-ooo _ ¦ - ' .1. ¦¦_¦ • ¦'¦ • -I ¦ . oooooooooooo
SooSSoooo^o The Fourth of July and the Oregon. sgsSSSoSSSSS
SSSSSSSSSSSS Needs of the Porto! San Francisco. 00S0000000S0
OOOOOOOOOOOO . r% •• /\ »=1 • «• OOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooo - Raisnift Our rlaftm Samoa. oooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOO: .,•-¦-..- OOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooo Twrnffefh Centurv Chih Women oooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOO * WCUUCUi VKlHUlJf WUU »T UUiUI. OOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOO » - ¦'¦ ¦ . ¦' " ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ OOOOOOOOOOOOTHE.SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,. JUNE 29, 3901;
12
SAN KItANCISCO CALL.
EUSIXESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Chlrd streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRAJCCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etreet,
c^m«r Clay; epen until 9:30 p. ro.
rm Hayes street, open until 9:30 p. nv
et McAllister street; open until 9:39 p. m.
fl3 Larkin street: oi^p until 9:30 p. m.
334J Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
TXl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
art?! 9 p. m.
:ofi Eleventh Etreet : open until 9 p. m. ;V ' ;
JC5G Valencia Ftrect; open until 9 p. -m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second ani Ken-
trrfcy Ftreets: open until 9 p. m.
;:wt FlSmore gtreet; open until 9 p. m.
KIJETOG NOTICES. j
1USSTON IxhIpp No. I6S. F. and A. M.— »
(ailed meeting THIS (SATURDAY) 3%
EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. Third de- VJf
Kree. R. C. ALLEN. Secretary. r**?*
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS ran luske $2 to $5 per day. Call at
: Taylor «t. .
AsriiALTvai itooKiMi. . "^;.
2. rELTIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
va'red: portal. 113G Mfpsion: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTOK.VEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee v.-lthout success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atiy at law, S00 Market.cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. F. CLARK. Kmn-.a Spreckels bldg.. ?27 Mar-
VfI ft.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING KOll CIIII/IJIIKN.
WIDOW with • own -home near school wishes
children; reasonable. 4C23 Twenty-fifth «t
J OR Z children to board, week or month: best
r«r«?:sim^y yard :nr.BChool :r*asonable.l607 Cal.
UOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
POOKP~~^r*verjr^ klndHbouKht. Tel. Red~235«.
HOLHFS HOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission Bt.
DL'SISCSS CHANCES.
A— S15C0; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
Meek bouth of Market Et. ; dally receipts from
$:<0 up: clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26«i Kearny.
A— J":0; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms; S350
r-as-li. baiance on time: rent $60; located
Fourth Et. Call U. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— FRfIT and vegetable store with 4 rooms;
rent $C5; on Sutter St.: price $600; business
clearing above 5100 per month. R. G. WILKE, i
Cf.'s Kearny Et.
A— $3CC0: I HAVE a client who keeps stores In
4 different mining towns and wants an active
man as partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 26>i
Kearny Et.
A RARE chance— $430; restaurant about two
blocks south of Phelan building; rent $50;
daily receipts average $30; meals from 15c up;
living room: clearing $100 p%r month. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26>,4 Kearny St.
. $:S00— CANDY store and factory in Oakland;
rent $30 ; the place clears above $200 per
month: owner has other business and mutt !
cell. Inquire R. G. WILKE, Xhi Kearny st.
A-J3T.0; DELICACY store and branch bakery,
with 3 living rooms; rent $38; kept by owner
11 years; choice business location: Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny et.
A— J700; CORNER grocery and bar with 3 II v-
ing rooms; rent $16; choice location In the
Mission; a steady and good-paying business, j
Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. j
A— f750: SALOON; no better located place In j
this city: rent $30: place clears easily $ir.O i
per month: . no night work. See R. G. i
WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
fl(X> — Grocery & fruit; no rent: good clean stock.
H.'CO — Wine & liquor store: bar & bottle trade.
S4500 — Shoe store; all new etock.
sifiOO— Saloon and furnished rooms.
Fine Falcon taking $1000 mo.; call for price.
Ji.'.fiO— Ranch $0 acres; small house.
54">0 — Candy store, ice cream parlor.
We liave feme very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth Investigation.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market st j
A— %<Zfl: CORNER grocery and bar: good stock
end fixtures: rereipts $12 day: 4 well-furnished j
rooms; rent S20: bargain on account of de- I
parture. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st. j
A— $175; Branch bakery & variety store; 3 furn.
rms.; rent $14. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
GROCERY and bar; no better money-making
r-lace In city; fine cash trade; trial given be-
fore buying; owner wants to retire after sev- j
eral rears in business; gilt-edge chance; safe
Investment. Business Board Trade, S26 Pine. !
AUi kinds of property bought, sold or exch. : j
specialty made of buying and selling lodging- '
houses: all kinds of clerical help furbished.
GOLDEN RULE BROKERAGE OFFICE.
IOOS',4 Market St.. room 4.
TOU can be suited In any kind of business by
calling at office. !
G. W. ECHWEINHARD. 917 Market st. near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911.
JKiOO— CANDY store and factors': bargain: sick-
ness cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
7T7-'i Market et.
$:n0-PA RTNER wanted in light business; $13
to £20 a week each; trial given; no experience
required. 23 Geary st., room 1.
OFFICK— Real estate office for sale. JOSEPH !
BAILIE. 759 Market st. j
TO piano manufacturers and others; agency
wanted by pianoforte tuner; willing to pay '
for introduction to good district Box 2169. i
Call. 1
FOR sale— In Vallejo. one of the best corner
Faloons and rooming house of 20 rooms, new-
ly furnished: best rooms In town; If you are
locking for a safe investment you will find It
here; will bear inspection; cause of selling, re-
tiring from business. For particulars call on
ADAM MILLER, cor. Virginia and Santa i
Clara sts.. Vallejo. !
FOR sale— An old established grocery store
with a first-class bar; full Investigation. Call
at store. MS Fourth St.. or at office of Retail
Grocers' Union. 214 California Et
SALOON* for sale— Centrally located on Market
rt.; dissolution of partnership: great bargain.
F. C, CASTELHUN. MS Montgomery st.
rooms 3-4. !
A NEW quick-selling invention: secure a
'•ounty richt and make money: patents
bought and sold. WARD & MOSELEY. 20 !
O'Farrell rt.. room 1. ' j
l-i~HAin barber shop for sale; Sebastopol. Cal.
Appiy to M. VIEIRA.
FOR sale-Fruit business and store to rent
Apply at 4:0 Cortland ave. !
FOR tl3f-0: barsajn; fine hotel or transient; j
'¦hoice location on Pacific st.. including sa- j
loon and dancing hall. 24 Montgomery ave.
fc'PLENDID etore In right location for anv
business: lew rent LICHTENSTEIN. 15
Grant ave.
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
TJbseriptlons has been established at 109S
Va'.cr-c'a ft
OUR teleprarh tips on Eastern races are win- !
ncrs. 337 Market ct.. room 116.
CANDY store for sale. 2474 Mission, near 21st;
sickness cause of sale.
MILK depot for sale ch^ap. Corner Fifth and
Clara sts. ' -. - .
ti<4 RESTAURANT for sale this week for $25a
rail bet. 2 and 4 p. m.. r. 474, Parrott bldg.
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths In
hotel: also tailor. 71S Valencia et.
CLASSIFIED BdverttEMrents and subscriptions
r«-f-elv«-<i at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR BALBj
IVROOM house: clears $200 $2000
ri-room boarding-house 7500
70 rooms; country hotel and bar 300
>> rooms, on Mission Et 250
JO-room corner flat 250
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
I f< rooms on Eddy 400
r; rooms, on Market ' 1709
"3 rooms; corner Iggj
15 rooms. In Oakland .'.'.!! 450
i^-room house; sure to dear $100
I* rooms; all rented; clears $175 2000
:•<; roome: flcgant corner; clears. $130 1300
21 rooms; fine and sunny; clears J140 1200
14 rooms; very central; on Taylor 4OT
*? rooms; near Eddy; new furniture 1250
r'tft other houses, from SfO to tlO.COO. -
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. 6th.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ' '
EM Market Et. and 8 Stockton st.
Room* '1. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
. If you have hotel, rooming house or business
ti'seil list with us. We have cash customers
r*r nil sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
17 roome; rent JSO; 4-yr. lease; new fur..
carpels; reduced to make quick sale.... $1600
'« rms. ; rt. $l~i : fine cor.: gd. loc: cpts.-fur. 6000
:« rms.: rent $!iO; cor.; fine loc; good fur.. 2000
PI rms.: rent $90: fine loc.: full perman'ty. 2300
l« rms.: rent J123; cleg'ly fur.: fst-cls hse. 2000
3! rms.; »¦ £3; wtr. fr.:elg.: full; fst-cls hs;
mu*t f>pll at eaerl.; ac. deptre; reduced to 1050
"* rms.; fine transient house; new fur 1400
II rms.: Post: rent $S3: fine fur.: sunny.. 2200
M rms.; r. S70: eny. err.: Rd. bs. : pt. hn-kp. 1000
ATTENTION. BUYERS'
You may buy any rooming-houtie In
the city. nn<i pay for It
in monthly payments
from the profits -
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. SSfl Market
TJin larseft and beet list, of lodging-houses
end hot ola can be found fit office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. ?1" Market Et. (near Fifth it.),
fboce Mint 1S1I.
LODGINfS HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
FISHER & CO.. S35 Market st, opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price JSOO: S5 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price $1000 ;¦ 12 rooms, price ST.r.O.
26 rooms, price $1400: 11 rooms, price ?323.
8 rooms, finely furnished: rent $30: $300.
If a bargain, we have them at any price.
17 ROOMS— Furnished new C months ago: coEt
S1SC0; will sell for S1000; any amount clown;
balance easy. DOXALD INVESTMENT CO..
850 Market eL «
$375— LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms;, furnished.
iMhi Mission ft. ¦ _t_
SPIRITUALISM. '
MRirxTTTwiilTNEY^
Trance, business medium: life reader: exam-
j . Ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
he* ct knife. 1161 O'Farrell, nr. Gough: Elils-
• Ft. car: sit. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 24C1.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
ell affairs in life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the Feparated: mining: «¦ specialty:, cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. *Frl. eve.: , letters answered.
rteslflrnce (no signs). SS McAIlisty st.
JOHN* PLATER— Circles 25c. Mon. & Frl. eves..
?:13; Wed. afternoon. 2-.4.V. Fittings dally. 10
{ to 4. except Sun. 1S09 Stockton, nr.- Greenwich.
I 1ILLE. M. WILLE. crystal 6eer. clairvoyant.
' medium, of Parin; rpeaks English. French,
i German; Fittings 9 to 8: 50c. 215 Leavenwortli.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak-Circles Tuesday
I ard Friday. 8 p. m.: Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,
10c; readings daily EOc. s. '
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dAiJy: test to all to-night; 10c.
Mme. (Cunningham; card reading by spiritual
gift: 50c, tl 50: 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. 761 Mission.-
EDWARD EARLE..32S Ellls-Readlngs daily;
Fesnee Sun.. Tues. und Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
CLAIRV.OYAATS.
A~LINCOLN AND
HIGH PSYCHIST
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc., without asking a single question: cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
lucky; reunites the separated: makas har-
mony In your home; gives accurate advice on
all business affairs; Investments, mining, oil;
readings by mail; send stamps for terms.
125 Turk st. 1 '
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
dlagnopps disease with life reading: ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit.. $150. 126 Turk.
NAAMAN. Russ'nn r»er and palmist, satisfies
when others fall, all affairs life, business or
disease: no charge unless perfect satisfaction.
326 O'Farrell St.: hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
KNOW your fate: Mme.. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fails: 25c and 50c. 1203 Mission St.. cor. 8th.
! Mrs. Dr. Saylor. queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists: names and dat»s; li. 25c; G. 5ftc: mail $1.
1S11U Market, op. Van Ness: tel. M^it 1095.
MRS. DR. VAKEX. cls»ir.. palmist: advice on
nil nffairs; messages from deptirtwl friends ;
teacher of personal magnetism. 1523Vi Market.
ISMAR. the Egyptian rvpsy. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market. or>.
Cth: private readings dally. 19 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant nnd palmist.
elves names, facts, dates :satisf action bvmall;
Inclose Ftamp. J-"S2 Market, op. Odd Fellows.
MRS. BROWN — Clairvoyant card reader; ladies
23c: tents 5Ce. 132 Sixth Ft.
MRS.MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11. Cth:German spoken :tel. Howard 1S16.
MME. BERNARD. 17 Sd st.. gone on vacation;
wjr return scon: watch paper for ad.
i MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
plttings'daily. 44W Jessie Ft., bet. Eth and Gtb.
i MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
[ palmistry: truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluentlv: business
t*fl\-ifo- rai'M p-tvpn* ?S<* nn. B Frnrth «t.
CAHPET BEATISG AND CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing, Works. 353-357 Tehama fL : tel. South 40.
BEATING. 3c: laying. 3c- renovatlnc. 5c up:
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. : phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable 1703 Harrison: tel. Mission 263.
| CONKLTX'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
| 333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
JOXES & CO.. reliable carpet" cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 1061.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
| 344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
i CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
I STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.: te!. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Renn-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TOV. 3 Eighth St.: tolpnhono Jp°«le 044.
* CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, -warts, chil-
blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
j COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
les« successful. Room 310. 927 Market Ft.
j COTTAGES TO I,ET.
PERRY.Ilsrbetrstbranonjth-Sunny cottage^ 4
I rooms; rent $10.
i $14 AND $18^-2 modern sunny cottages. Do-
lores St.. bet. 19th and 20th; water free.
SUNNY furnished cottage, 5 rooms; large gar-
den; references. 4066 Twenty-third, nr. Castro.
DENTISTS.
j AT the ELECTRO-CENTAL CLINIcrsOOMar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
13 50 up; plates, extrrjctlons free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2.
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M.D., Manager. .
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
-wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
I experience: no students; advico free; prices
i cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
! A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
j warranted for 20 years;" crowns. $3 50; fillings.
! 50c; plates. $.">: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates. K
! PARIS Dental Parlore?, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
! Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
1 DR. R. L.WALSH,815»i Geary.nr.Larkin— Paln-
lcss extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll3.').
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 0C9 Mission st., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
| days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. II. G.
YOUNG. 13il Polk Ft.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S~Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business; divorco cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building-,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco: tel. South 381.
j DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
| McDOWELL Dressmaking & Military School^
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
¦ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MofTatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHCTLOHARSH College, farrotthl^—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: ' Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
rhorthaiid; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full -course, $00; catalogue.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market Et.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, fihorthind,- typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.;: life scholarship, J50; individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
6chool for the university, lav/ anil medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
. Stanford proffssor. • Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School.
•associated with theatrical agency •• securing
positions. Alcazar bulldlr.s. 120- O'Farrell sL
MERRILL-MJLLER College— Shorthand. , typ-
lng. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-4.1. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING-Clvil, elec.minlne.meenTrsur^
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est.«WB4. Van
, der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL couree of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only . $60. * San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 , Market st.
1 A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
1 college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
1 time. TARR, exp. accl. 220,Parrott bldg.
HEALD'S BualncRB College, 24 Post fet.. 8. F.;
founded 1863. ¦ new S0-pagc catalogue free. ,
PROF. L. METUCI. Buccfpsful teacher'of violin
•mandolin and guitar. 1C0S Mission st, nr. «th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wrltlnf^
etc.; day or eve.; $f> mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
1 ELECTKO-THERAl'El'TIC.
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures. faulty nutrl-
tlcn, • nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. 8c K.'« Electric Sanitarium, S Mason.
EXCHANGE.
$1500 ' CLEAR— New cottage, . 5 rooms, "in Ala-
meda, will exchange for lot if in Alameda or
property in Alameda or East Berkeley to the
value of $SCO; balance terms. J. 11. YOUNG,
builder, 1243 Park st, Alameda. 4 ¦
KXPERT OPTICIAN. ' '
IT IS DANGEROUS to wear glasses that have
been prescribed . by an unqualified : optician.
If your eyesight Is failing, or if your eyes
trouble you in any way, give me a call. Ex-
amination free ¦
F. MAYERLE,
German expert optician and graduate of Chi-
cago Ophthalmic -College. ¦ Note address, 1002
Market stf San Francisco. .
'•KMP1.OY3IENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE" an(T^hine?n"'heip ofTall kinds;
cooks?., waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Tost Et.; tel. Bush 335.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
; f.ce; all kinds help. 315 Stoclcton; Main 51SS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.' Chi-
nese liolp. 42C Powell. nr.Suttor;"tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTKIJ— FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE eldorly German lady, truth-
ful and al<fn*, desires to find a cood home
as housekeeper lor aged couple, small fam-
tly, without, children. Box 3471, Call.
HOUSEKEEPER by Eastern woman; elderly:
with references; neat, economical cook; used
to children and capable of the entire w.irk of
family; wages, $10 to $15..- 268 Stevenson st.
WANTED— A position as managing housekeep-
er by a competent woman: has a little girl;
Rood references. Call nt 1027^ Market st,
room -9.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants position in private
family or boarding-house,, or near-by summer
• resort; would sleep home if In Oakland. 517
Ninth st, near Washington, Oakland, Cal.
EXPERIENCED seamstress wishes sewing;
$1 50 rer day. 1430 Broadway.
WANTED— By a competent person, cook and
laundress. Call 828 Geary St., ¦¦ .
AMERICAN lady wishes position as housekeep-
er; city or across the bay. Call 173 7th st.
A RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman
wishes position to do. light housework In
small family: good plain cook. 712 Natoma
St., upper flat; no postals..
GIRL of 16 would like a nice place in a small
: family or with lady as companion; wages, $10
to $12 a month. Box 3164, Call office.
YOUNG girl 15 years of age wants a place to
take care of child and assist in light work:
small wages. Call 411 Fifth st.
LADY wishes plain sewing and gents' mend-
ing at home. 130 Fourth st.
AN elderly American. woman wants light work
in a nice family; permanent; small wages.
Box 3518, Call.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
wishes engagements for $2 the day. Apply
MRS. N. WAHLQUIST, 509 Kearny st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 23c to $1 50 per night; Jl'50 to
J6 week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bagpag-e to and from ferrj\ '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
(subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
EHPLO Y3IE3 NT W A N T E D — MALE.
COACHMAN engaged for short time seeks en-
gagement with flrst-class family; good pay;
no pardoning; good references. Address,
stating- term?, box 2263, Call Office, Oakland.
GERMAN baker, irood second hand on bread,
wants rcsition. Address 276 Minna st.
1
I WANTED — By a sober and steady man. posi-
tion as varnisher, polisher or painter; city or
I country. Box 3456, Call office. .
I YOUNG man desires a position In a private
I family. C. P.. 201 Montgomery ave.
I BARTENDER, experienced, references, wants
I place, city or country. Address bo:c 346S, Call.
I GARDENER, first class, single, of long experi-
ence in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work -wishes a situa-
tion on a private place. Box 3523, Call.
JANITOR wants position; 5 years' experience:
references; be content with. -small salary.
Box T460. Call office. '
LAUNDRYMAN wants job as helper and im-
prover In country steam laundry; terms
reasonable. Box 3524, Call office.
WANTED — Situation in a grocery or crockery
store: 8 years' experience; good references.
Box 2263, Call office, Oakland. . 1
SITUATION wanted by young man 2G years of
age; stationary, portable or traction engines;
5 years' experience. Call or address. at Win-
chester Hotel, Third St.. room 324.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1033
Valencia st. v
FEATHERS KEXOVATED.
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
Et. ; phone Capp 26S2.
FLATS TO LET.
I WELSH, 36., eft 4th. bet. Bryant and Brannan—
Cozy front and rear Rats, 4 and 3 rooms each;
new plumbing, painting aift papering; rents
$3 and $6 50.
MODERN fiat of '8 rooms and bath; 186 Tre-
mont ave. ; $27 50. Apply LANDRY C.
-BABIN, 413 Kearny st.
$16 — SUNNY upper flat. 6 rooms and bath: mod-
ern: 226A Thirtieth st. PATTERSON & CO.,
11 City Hall ave. ,
$25— GRAND flat, 6 large sunny rooms; modern
in every respect. 1127 Guerrero st, between
23d and 24th.
SHRADER. 723 — Elegant upper flat; 6 rooms
,and 3 attic rooms; latest improvements ;. $3ii.
$27 30— FLAT, 7 large sunny rooms; garden.
1S09 Devisadero St., between. Bush and Plr.e.
APPLY Sutter, 2300 — 6 sunny rooms; appreciated
if seen; $22 50; water free; please. investigate.
114— FINE sunny llat of 5 large rooms; bath
and gas. 3528 19th. bet. Noe and, Sanchez.
FLATS TO LET KURMSHEO.
FOR SALE— Elegantly furnished 4-room flat;
bath; near Pleasanton; $350; part cash if de-
sired; rent J22. 710 Jones st. •
FOR SALE-Ncwly furnlshpd flat 4 rooms and
bath: 411 Ellis st, near Jones. '
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED, by family of 3 adults, carpeted or
furnished flat of 6 or 7 rooms and bath, near
Park, or downtown; rent not over $35. Ad-
dress box C01. Call ofBce.
FURNITURE FOH SALK.
WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., 128
and 132 Ellis st. . .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $43 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. *
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of • your . furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 92S Howard st.
A. WOLLFERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer — L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CIIAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
ATc71T1rL\NSEN r & CO.'S . . . . !.1O4 Geary Vt.
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz Mts., fare, pald.:$20
waitress, Lake County, fare paid... ..$20
2 v/aitresses, same summer resort .;.... $20
waitress, Oroville, fare paid ......$20
.2 waitresses, Shaeta County, fare paid $20
waltrrs^ Lathrop. $20
waitress, Menlo park $25
2 waitresses, mining town, short distance.. $20
waitress, Jladero, fare paid......... $23
.waitress, springs .......¦..;........'...'.. $20
waitress, Redwood City ........$20
2 waitresses. Mill Valley. ....$20
chambermaid to wait. Redwood City.... $22 50
2 waitresses. State of Nevada ....$20
j chambermaid to wait, Alameda... $20
chambermaid, springs $20
ranch cook, German or Scandinavian, .;.....,
fare paid " •. $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO :...1O4 Geary st
A NURSE £jlrl; choice place; $10: of floe fee
. pnld by lady. Apply C. It. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Goary st. • . . ¦
MRS. M. E. DAY PHONE . MAIN 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT T
Head waltreRs and 6 waitresses, same hotel;
8 waitresses, different resorts, for July.l,
$20; 12 waitresses, resorts, commercial and
city hotels, %20 ' :
3 chambermaids to wait ....:...>...... ...?20
2 restaurant waitresses, : same place....:'... $30
Restaurant waitress, no Sunday work........ $6
Chambermaid, rooming-house ;..'.$25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....;......
Choice, reliable 'positions in this department.
, MItS. M. K. DAY.. ¦¦...... 335 Geary St.
WANTED— 2 laundresses, $30, private family;
2 fancy lronem, $30 and found; Swedish' cook,
$35, no v.'aeh; 5' cooks, $25, $30; second, girls,
?.2O, $2."<: Protestant chambermaid and team-
ptrcss, $20: French chambermaid and toam-
. BtreBB, $20; 5 chambermaids and waitresses,
$20,- $23; 10 waitresses, •$20. $25, city and* re-
' norts;a large number of houneglrls. $20, $25,
city and country. J.F. CROSETT & CO.,
216 Sutter st. U liU 1 .. . .iulMI3Ail«Kil!lllMJUff»a
• HFf,P;.WA\TKn .pRM.tT.tJ": — rr o «».
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery/room 12
.—2 .waitresses, .-springs. Lake Co., ¦- $20, free
.fare; chambermaid,- springs, $20.. : „• ¦
WANTED— Experienced suit and waist sales-
ladles; reference . required. Apply at LIV-
INGSTON BROS., 123 Post Et; Saturday at
11 a. 'm. ¦
WANTED— Ladles can make S3 per day during
spare hours; new goods; fast seller; .great
opportunity. Box 3472. Call office.* -
GERMAN girl for general housework; 3 adults:
1 child: wages $20. 1904 Octavla st., near
Broadway.
APPRENTICES for halrdressir.g and ' scalp
treatment; also hairdresser and manicurist.
.7S0»2 Sutter st. . . "¦.
GERMAN girl wanted; light housework; good
wages. Call between 2 and 5 i>. m., 2314
..California st. .
WANTED— A girl for general housework; must
have references. Apply 522 Fifteenth st, Oak-
land. .. v
IRONERS wanted on ladies' and children's
wear in factory.' 723 Market st.room 35.
SALESLADY wanted for fancy and dry goods
store. Box 3473. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced girl for bindery: good
wages paid. MYSELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay.
EXPERIENCED front hands' on negligee
'¦¦ shirts.. ' 27 Jessie st. fifth floor. ;
GOOD arm waitress wanted. Call • between 9
- & 10; wages $8. BRUESS" CAFE, 70 Third St.
WANTED— Waitress at 207 Third st. *
LUNCH waitress wanted. People's Restaurant,
631 Clay st.
WANTED— Middle-aged experienced chamber-
maid; $C0 per month and -room. 123 'Eddy st.
WANTED— A girl for light housework. 1515
Grove st. near Baker. ,
WANTED— Girl care for two small children
and assist with housework. 453 Haight st,
rear. '¦ . - .
RELIABLE Protestant girl; general house-
work; treated as one of the family." . 222
Dolores et.
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay St.
GIRL; general housework; must be good plain
.washer. Apply 1235 Pine st.
WANTED — Girls who understand book folding
or ge-wlng. THE HICKS- JUDD CO., 23 First.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory,.. 32U Fremont st; Apply to
MR. DAVIS. / ' • ¦ -
BUTTONHOLE operators to operate on Singer
machine at Levl Strauss & Co.'s overall fac-
tory. 32^ Fremont st. . Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED- 100 glrl3 to label and fill glass fruit
¦ ¦ jars. Apply Long Syrup Refining Co., Eighth
and Brannan ets. /
2 LADY solicitors; good address; salary paid.
Ladles' Home Journal, 59 Columbian building.
FINISHERS on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st. V
EXPERIENCED shirt and overall operators.
HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410V4 Mission st.
YOUNG girl 'for cookins and general house-
work; two in. family; wages $15. 205 Taylor.
WANTED— A woman for plain machine sew-
ing; permanent place. Box 3530. Call office.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
M^RAY~&^EADyT63T636 Clay st. ~"
PHONE MAIN 5848
Office Open 7 a. m.
$1 office fee and no other expense
3000 laborers and teamsters for railroad work.
All parts of California, Nevada
, Oregon and Washington
We ship every hour of the day
25 teamsters and laborers. .Truckee. .Free fare
SO teamsters Uklah Free fare
25 laborers Ukiah Free fare
We ship Morning and Night. .,..'.. .Free
175 men; no experience required Free
S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work, $1 75, $2 25..
Santa Barbara
Los Angeles 4
San Luis Oblspo
Surf Truckee Shasta
Free fare
BIG WAGES SEE BOSS HERE
For a large Lumber Company
20 men to work in woods and logging camp,
good climate. $40 to $65 and found; saw flier,
see boss here, $3 per day and found; cook,
10 to 15 men, camp, see boss here.
Miners and laborers
5 hard rock miners, fare $2, $75; 2 machine
miners, gold mine, $75 and found, fare paid;
5 single hand miners, $12 and found; '4 quarry-
men, $67 50; 10 laborers, no experience re-
quired, }60 and. found; 5 muckers, $75; 15 lab-
orers, $34 and found: 5 men to pile wood for
mine, $60; 10 laborers, ditch work, north, J75;
15 men to work In quarry, $2 and, $2 25; 17
laborers, Santa Clara County, $30 and found:
4 laborers for .factory work. $2 day; 135 men
for sawmill, wood and yards, $26. {35, $45 and
?60 and found, fare paid; 15 drillers and pow-
¦ dermen, $2 25; 1765 laborers for different posi-
tions too numerous to mention, $175 to $2 75;
saw flier and hammerman, see boss here,. $130
and found
Ranch, carpenter ........$40 and found
Plumber for ranch.. $40 and found
Blacksmith, shop mining town, see boss here,
$3 50; 5 blacksmith 'helpers; machinists, pipe
fitters, boilermakers, molders, holder in boiler
shop, helpers and laborers, tail edgerman,
wagonmaker and woodworker, $3 day
Farms, Dairies, Etc...
1 Ha rvest Hay ¦ fields
5 farmers, 2-horse plow teams, fare 50c, $30
and found; S6 hands for orchards, vineyards
and other ranches; 184 hay and harvest hands,
run mowers, rakes, header wagon, etc
$175, $2, $2 50 and found day
.17 milkers, different dairies, $30 to $45 and
found; 5 pruners, apricot trees, $26 and found;
handy man on ranch, $30 and found; well
digger, $2 00 day; 51 choremen and choreboys
for private places and ranches, $15, $20. $23
and $30 and found; farmer and wife, $50 and
found; man and wife, harvest outfit, $50 and
found
Teamster for mine, 2 and 4 horses, $40 and
found; young man to drive shipping wagon,
city :;
Hotel Department— Bakeries, Etc
Cook, institution, country — ..$30 and found
Cook, institution ..$40 and found
2d cook, mine, S35 and found; cook's helper,
$30 and found; 27 cooks for different places.
Baker, shop mining town ..$40 and found
Walter, commercial- hotel, north $30
Waiter, good'place, south... $30
15 other waiters; 45 dishwashers, kitchen
hands, etc.; camp cook; 4 ranch cooks; har-
vest cook; machine washer, institution laun-
' dry. $35 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st. ¦ ¦ , '
2 COACHMEN, $35; fruit farmer and wife, $3Q:
• 2 men and wives, > small places, $35; Eastern
farmer, $30 to $37 50; farmers, $1 25 a day and
$30 a month; driver for milk wagon, $35 to $40;
assistant dairyman for Santa Barbara, $30;
4 milkers, $30 and $35; 5 choremen, $15, $20.
$25 and $30; stableman. $30; teamster, $1 25
and board and $2 a day, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
SECOND cook, country hotel, $50; restaurant
cook, country, $10 a week and found;- tamale-
maker, $25 and found ; i dishwasher for insti-
tution. $25 and found; waiter, country hotel.
$25 and found, and others. J. F. J^ROSETT
6 CO., 628 Sajramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St., near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
100 railroad laborers. S. P. Co.'s own work,
L. 'A. and Santa Barbara div $175, $250
- 100 men for Uklah, new road
50 railroad teamsters, Uklah... $2 per day
FREE FARE
Office fee for above...; ...$1
10 tunnel men.... ..$3 per day
HO rock drillers $2 50 per day
100 laborers......; — ....$2 25 per day
10 harvest hands $2 per day
5 teamsters, city, board at home — $2 per day
10 lumber pliers $35 per month and board
10 men for rock quarry .$2 23, free fare
Swiss cheesemaker, big wages. , -;
SAN FRANCISCO EMPLOYMENT. OFFICE,
323 Kearny St., tel. John 32C1— 50 R. B. labor-
ers, Ukiah and Santa Barbara, free fare; 25
"laborers for sawmill; 10 tlemakers and wood-
choppers; 25 laborers for quarry near city, $2.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Second cook, first-class hotel, $.60.'
A BEDMAKER for rooming-house, $9 a week.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary at.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. i)27 Market st., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED- Married couple . to ? take charge of
first-class' family, hotel in country on line of
railroad; one with grown son or daughter pre-
ferred: references required; must have some
capital. Address box 3474, Call. .
"WANTED— Steady, reliable and experienced
German as driver for bakery wagon. Box
3473, Call office,
WANTED— Steady young man to assist gener-
ally in light Indoor work; $15 per_week-to
. start; -must have $75 cash. 25 Geary^ r.l.
WA NTED— First-class dishwasher who. would
.like to learn cooking, In the country. Box
3477, Call. office.
GOOD waiters wanted: call between 9 and 10.
BREUSS' CAFE, 70 Third Et.
UNION, barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. ' 402 jjfrannan »t. ' ¦
BARBER- wanted for ; Saturday and Sunday.
132 Pacific, ct. ; good, wages. v ,
BARBER wanted; young man; steady. Call
Wi Larkin St.. ¦ . ¦
WANTED — Good barber for Saturday. arid Sun-
day; $5. , 2197*4 Powell Bt. .
BARBER for Saturday noon and "Sunday, $4.
904 Bryant et.. near Seventh. ;..-¦ * .
BARBER for Saturday; wages. .. 623 CJay st.
WANTED-^-Barber; . young man with 2 years'
experience; good, shaver. Box : 3463,' , Call.
PORTER for barber shop. Apply 33H Turk
street . . !:.--' -
WANTED — MALE — Con.
a FoirNE^rADXTrrrrrrrrrrrr.
................. FOR NEVADA
.........ilOO Teamsters and Laborers...
Free Fare . . . : .Free . Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO..... ..104 Geary st
ATTENTION! - :
. Soldiers. ........... . Attention
.'..Soldiers .'Attention
..........Soldiers Attention
Soldiers Attention
Soldiers Attention...
.' I'.All of you, who want work
As railroad teamsters $"!
As railroad laborers.... $2
As railroad tunnelmen.....' $2, $2 50
¦ In California ..and .......Nevada
With Free Fare. Call
To-day Sunday and Monday
At.C. R. HANSEN <& CO.'S. 104 Geary St..
¦ near Grant ave. . ¦ ' -
A ..: ;...
SPECIAL
- Railroad Men To-day Railroad Men
.....'. FOR UKIAH
\. ..'.... FOR UKIAH
Teamsters; laborers and choppers.;....
• ....Wages $2 a day .' ..
Office fee SOc for to-day only
Free Fare.'........ ;.: Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO..". .104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...'..104 Geary st
'. .Wanted.. 1000 Men for New Railroad Work..
Teamsters, laborers, choppers, drillers, muck-
ers and tunnelmen for
:.......'...... Ukiah
Truckee .¦;.
Coast Road
Chatsworth Park (Big .Tunnel)
Wages from $1 75 to $2 50 a day ,
Free Fare.. ...... .Ship Daily........ Free Fare-
Furnacemen, feeders, helpers, pot pullers,
carpenters, machinists, blacksmiths and la-
borers for a large mining and smelting com-
pany, north, standard wages, see party here;
B0 haymakers, farmers, milkers and chore-
, men, $35, $30, $25 and $20 >• 20 lumber pliers,
' country sawmill, $35, see boss here; 100 labor-
ers, company „ work, country, $2 to .$225;'
blacksmiths, carriage painters and coopers.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
: Short order cook for a hotel cafe, north, $75,
fare advanced; baker and pastry cook, hotel,
$60; fry cook, country hotel, $63, free fare;
second cook, springs, $50; young man with
• some experience to learn confectioner's trade
in first-class country hotel, $25 to $30 and
found, free fare: dishwashers and kitchen
hands. $25 and $30
Waiter for springs, $30; German waiter, coun-
try restaurant, $30; shampooer for springs,
$35; 2 bellboys, $25; elevator boy. hotel, $22 50.
CR. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
A— DRY goods clerk and bookkeeper for coun-
try store. $65. . C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary Et. .•''¦'
PORTER and bottler wanted by wholesale
liquor house; state experience and salary. ex-
pected. Particulars box 3470, Call. \
TRUSTWORTHY persons In : each State tV
manage business of wealthy corporation; sal- -
ary $18 cash each • Wednesday from head-
quarters; expense money advanced. v Man-
ager; 335 Caxton building, Chicago.
WANTED— First-class broiler; wages $60 a
month. 70 Third St., BREUSS" Cafe; call be-
tween 9 and 10' a. m.
WANTED— A pantryman and bellboy at 1604
California st. '
WANTED — A drug clerk at 74 Jackson st
WAITER wanted; good pay. Apply 616 Clay
street.
>. . . . .
GOOD bootblack wanted. 1344 Turk St.
WANTED— Bootblack at 111 Ellis st.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 8 Hayes st. '
WANTED— Wagon . blacksmith. 537 Brannan.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 143 Larkin st.
1000 MEN wanted— Teamsters, rock drillers,
tunnel, brush and shovel men to wont un
' ditch and pipe line being constructed for the
Sweepstake Mining Co. near Wtavervllle,
' Trinity Co., Cal.; "apply on work: steady
¦ work, good board and best wages In State.
; San Francisco Construction Co., 26 Mont-
¦ gomery et.. room 25, San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps.' U.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried 'men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than u feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch, able to read and speak English. For
further Information apply to the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco."
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; $60
monthly paid our graduates; two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply; tools' presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Men for steady employment; salary
$50: cash security of $5 required; city work;
call at 836 O'Farrell st., after -9 a. m. WM.
H. MATLOCK. . '
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217. Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
YOUNG man to go on the road; $150 mo.; $600
required. 906 Market St., room 8.'
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. II. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40, Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 663 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; EOc. 241 Third St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d nts. \
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up: soling 20c up.. 923 Howard.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
¦ order. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.' room 316.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
¦ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
r ¦
AND WAGONS.
WA^fT^D^3^"sa^le^brokV "geldings, 5 toi
years old. 15 hands 1 inch to 16 hands, solid
colors. Address A.<F. ROOKER or JOHN J.
DOYLE. 327 Sixth st. .
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
NEW $300 rubber-tire surrey,' $140; handsome
- double harness; sound, gentle young: thorough-
bred, broken to saddle and harness; good busi-
ness buggy: all $300; will sell. part. 125 Geary.
DURHAM cow for sale. - 132 Ninth ave., Rich-
mond district. • •',-•; v, '
$65— A NO. 1 buggy and harness; nearly new.
130 Second ave., near California st.
FOR sale — Camping wagon, light team and
harness. 1202 Mission St.. room 2.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st. . ¦
ALL kinds of wagon, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
:;¦¦ HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work.' Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st.,' room 25. . ¦¦ .
HOUSES I TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$8 — HOUSE of 3 rooms; large yard and base-
-ment; 176 Hickory ave., near Gough st. Ap-
ply to UMBSEN & CO. * " . .
TENANT wanted for modern 50-room house, to
be erected on corner on Bush st, near Stock-
ton ; secured lease required. ¦ Address box
. 3E25, Call. . :
NEWLY furnished house; reasonable; by day,
. week or month. 417 Powell. ' ..
$45 — 8 ROOMS: large finished basement; larg?
yard. 1615. Bush St.. near Franklin.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath in ten minutes at cost of 2Vfec: saves
« Hre.ln range; you light your flame and by the
r time you are disrobed your bath is ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on' Installments;
call • and see It In ' operation, RIBBON
». WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
¦ '; . - LO ST AND ; FOUND.
LOST— Lady' a gold watch, on Mason st;, bet.
¦ Techau Tavern and Market St.; San Francisco,
Thursday evening; v May on outside ot eas<3;
• reward. Address 1366 Grove, st., Oakland.
LOST— Silver > watch, engraved Alice, 1896, at
'*. noon,' Twenty-eighth Bt. ; reward. : Return to
¦ Eastman Kodak Co., 643 Market • st >.
LOST— Scotch collie pup. neighborhood of Val-
lejo . and . Laguna sts. Finder return to 2027
,. Vallejo at. and receive reward. . . . ¦ ,
LOST— Pair 'of ¦ spectacles, bet.
San .Jose. ave. and . Elizabeth and 1 Guerrero
and Twenty-third sts. ; reward. 1006 Valencia.
PARTY, who found ¦ feather ' boa , at Tlvoll , June
" . 27, < return to 1132 Shotwell ; st. ; reward.
LOST— Gold watch . on : Fourth St., - near How-
ard ; . liberal .'reward. . . Owner, > 214 , Fourth st. '
LOST-A -pass-book with the Hibernla Pavings
and Loalr Society of San Francisco. In the
name of CHARLES L. JENKINS; *!"• i 2 '"
673. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Irish setter about 6 months old. Be-
turn , to 712 Shotwell st. ; reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JAMES F.' KENNEDY. No. 141-710.
The finder will please return to banK.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL?] ¦'.:.:
GET^TL^MiBN^^ni1r>g~to~nm7ry~wealthy ladles
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. .Cfi E11J3 ,
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO - order, also | cleaned and "sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell St.:
tel. Bush 421. '
_ „ MEplCAIj> '___.;.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladles only:
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies every known for
. indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor: 4 months' suppository treatment. $4:
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market St., S. F., Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
' Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office: patients treated can re-
turn same day*; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th — Expert specialists; well knowit and
reliable; 25 yrs experience; treatment guaranfd
to give instant relief from all f e^nale troubles;
-. avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
A POSITIVE 'cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned: my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best cure; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 26 yrs/
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
cpnflnement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MINES AND MINING.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
10c per share: send for prospectus. Pacific
gtates Mining and Investment Co.. 326 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant' and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1C21, 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
JUST arrived— Llewellyn bitch and pups.
Irish setters and cocker spaniels; also a fine
lot of choice lap dogs; prize- winning St.
Bernard and bull terrier pups; must sell, as
overstocked; open Sundays and evenings at
• College Kennels, 115 Haight St.; phone Page
' 1472.
A — NEW 20 h. p. Hercules gasoline mine hoist
with engine combined. California Hydraulic
Engineering and Supply Co., 17-13 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
FOR sale— 1 flagpole, almost new, 90 feet long;
100,000 feet of plank; 15.C0O feet lsS fencing.
At foot of Broadway.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
8 VERY nice parrots from Panama, : $3 each.
824 Greenwich St., near Powell. .
COUNTERS and showcase cheap at 809 Va-
lencia st.
FOR sale — Cash register; $50. 292 Valencia st.
2 FINE St. Bernards, male and female; owner
leaving city. 2324 San Bruno ave.
2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st., San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 50. 103 Montgomery st. .-.:-
ONE 4-horsepower Covey engine; one 2%-
horsepower Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 133 Beale st
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 215 California st.
GASOLINE engines, 2d-hand. and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein, 53S Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 06 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
WE - pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A. KLEIN still pays the best price for clothing,
bric-a-brac, etc. 109 6th ; phone Folsom ¦ 1094.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dresse3. 154 9th : tel. Folsonre322.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you -will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you 1 will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Room:* 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in 1 estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
• Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at C%; flrst, 2d and 3d mortgages,
undivided interest, real estate In probate;
mortgages and legacies bought: no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3. %
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
et.; tel. Main 164t. Branch 19 Third St.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds '
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth*
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.'
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
/party; no removal; no commission"; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room 6S.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal-
low rate;strictly private. Lick.116 McAllister!
, ONE per cent on furniture; t3 a month on each.
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st., r 1.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal-
, no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no Indorser required S
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried, people without security '
i HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
p low rate. ¦ 222 Sansome. St., room 2. %
'giggrbag^' loans and dtscou^ :
1 CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
' ' ¦ ' MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
: ANT .v. plan .° soId by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular ¦
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
, . Piano from us. KOHLEU & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1850.
r S 'if Ha l let & Davis, 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz 1
Merlin*, $75, $125, $UV etc.; easy payments
• BENJ. CUIITAZ & SON. IS O f Farrell st
, hlc ,V erl {}F' Vo . se ', Sta-lliw, AtencyT al-o'
• Apollo, king, of self-players. \
' P y°« wish first-class repair work done call
' ¦ « ! ? d « ln ! pe 5 t our -'factory. BYRON MAUZY.
¦ ¦ 30a . POSt St.
¦ ELEGANT standard upright piano; little used;
party leaving city; sacrifice. 782 Ellis st.
MUSICAt INSTIHIMEXTS- — Con.
TO close out a line of style5 we will sell yn U
a fine new uprlsht tor J230; regular prloa
$375; you can pay by the month if d^sirerf-
we have ths most complete facilities for re-
pairing your old piano: can make it as gr,r.i\
as new If you are willing, and it won't cos:
you more than It's wdrth: let us make yo ;l
an estimate; we are agenta for the Derker *
Sen. which is the orisrinal old and onlv
Decker piano. The 5SENO MAWAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7S9 Market st.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. . CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stein-wa/
upright or baby grand piano any time wltltfri
3 years from date o* purchase, and have fuli
price allowed. New uprtsrht pianoi %n rPp
month; some good piano* sold for i\ }| mi
$3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.
Steinway dealers, corner K»arny ar.rl Sutrer
I sts San Frar.clsco: corner BroadTvay ar. 1
I Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
IKKMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store frnm
Market st. to our large nn<l elesrant qnarter*
314 Pest St.. ccposlte Union square. Are niw
prepared to offer several n»w makes and ail
of our old stock at greatly reduced prirp*
JAS. KEEFFF. S14 Post St.. between Block-
ton and Powell. j.
XlL makes: srreat bargain: SO up; rents Q
up allowed; we want sgems: p!*ncs furnish",!
free- you get first money when you sell
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Peary st.
BARGAINS— Halnes, *2M; Kramer. $!".:,: x;».,.
mann 5140: Cable. $175. V.'. C. HAMILTON.
8 Flood building.
WANTED — Steinway uririeM: trocd ca-h r-1r»
for good piano; no dealers. Box Z5\X Call.
Coon second-Rand upright for sa!e cheap.
PCHMITZ. lWMcAlliater st
LEFT on sale. Chickerinsr upright like nsTr.
$1S5. Room 33. 217 Geary at.
A SPLKNDID Steinway: upright* $iw>: pianos
rented K upward. BRUENN. 203 Pint »»,
}S0_KINE nprieht: baby erand Steinwav; oth»r
makes. FAY'S Piano Factcry. 1723 Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hanrt uprisrht planes
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 213 McAllister
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY P.
ALLEN CO.. general agent?, 8S3 Market st.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Haves st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary st, room 3S.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mo
Alllster st. - _
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.. you
can srst storage pianos almost for a son?.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLRR. mnker. T+Ttairpr. 2 Latharn ntao«.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
GEARY. 235. cor. Powell— A nice sunny suits of
rooms suitable for physician or dentist; rea-
sonable. . *
STORE and 5 llvln? rooms: sunny, modern.
SS08 Seventeenth st..- near Panchez. \
FINE glass-front store. 4 rooms and lar^e yard;
best of condition: rent S2*. 442 Sixth at.
OIL.
CALI55TOGA Oil and Development Company.
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In ntn»
districts. Office, 23 and 21 Merchants* Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c; bl^ advanc-
In a few days. Pacific States Mlnlne and
Investment Co.. 328 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITF,. SI'S Mission sr.
PALMISTRY.
MME. GERMAINE, the business pafrnlsPof
-the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 3C6 Market St.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading: lessons In class and nrivate. (!17 .lone*.
PAIXTERS ASD 4)ECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good reli-
able work. Clark's. SOS Larkin: fVLfMa l"ft>
PERSO.VALS.
CALIFORNIA AERIAL NAVIGATION 'coC
successors to Stanley Aerial Navigation Co.,
is now building Its great ship of the air at
Its shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker sts. ;
a limited number of shares for a limited time
is now beintr offered to ths public at J2 per
share at its office, 3C6 Pine st, room 3; call
. fof particulars.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MCORE. 4S8 Geary St.. and yf.u
will not be disappointed: this remedy is- posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call cr send for circular.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 70O rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; !1 r» tn 5> per week;
• free 'bus and baggage to and. from the ferry.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $13 up; fine dress suits, $20 up: ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
1VHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
ALFRKDCMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1: at all druggists.
POISON oak cured in one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 4i;9 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman, 9S4 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 1131.
TAILOR made suits, ?7 50; dress pants. $2 50. .
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont. V
Dr. Harriet "Welch. 2113 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat. : electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD nald, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R, JENKEL. 817 JJarket St.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEON9.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL^-Offlce and residence.
1021 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WON0 HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: se«
testimonials at office. 115-117 Ma3on. nr. Ellla.
PHYSIOGNOMY.
SCIENTIFIC delineation of character by fae«
or photo. Mary O. Stanton, 810 Leavenworth;
verbal read'g, $1; printed chart, 12 50; lessons.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures hero In your
midst; many w-ho have suffered 20 to 30 years:
over 50 names of prominent business men
sent as reference: no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1D3), Call
office. S. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
REAL ESTATE
FOR SALK BY
THOS. MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents,
5 Montgomery st.
— V iHf
Must be sold; building lots In the "Western
Addition and Mission; owned by estate; mort-
gage must be paid off and property sold at
once.
LOTS IN WESTERN ADDITION.
Stelner-st. lots, west side, between Vallejo
and Green; 27i£ feet front by 110 feet deep:
frcm $2000 down to $17C0. •
. Southwest corner Green and Ptelner sts.: 27'i
feet front by 110 feet deep; J2UC0.
Green St.. south side. 110 feet west of St?iner;
I 27% feet front by 137^» feet deep; only $1700.
i Green-st building lot, north side, lt'O feat
west of Steiner; 37Vi feel front by KTii feet
\ deep; $2CC0.
Steiner St.. west side. S2V4 feet north of Oreen:
! Z"V~ feet front by 100 feet deep; each $1400.
I Northwest corner of Green and Steiner sts.;
27V4 feet front by 1C0 feet deep: $2100.
' Broadway-st lot. south side, between Fill-
more and Steiner; 34:4Vi feet front by 127 2-3:
reduced to $40CO; view frqm this lot U very
fine, although It Is on the south side of street.
Green-st. lot, between Fillmore and Sfiner,
, south side; 32'.i feet front by 137!i feet;, 32001.
Polk-st. ¦ corner Investment: southeast corner
of Polk and Green sts.: US feet front on Polk
• by 126 feet deep on Green; reduced to JSOOO;
Polk st. will soon be a business street.
> Lombard-st. corner; southwest corner Lom-
' bard and Buchanan; 30xlCO; $1600.
Lombard st.. north side, between fiuchanan
and Webster: 27',* feet front by 120 each: $1003.
Northeast corner of Lombard ami Webster
sts.: 27% feet front by 120; $1MO.
, Union-st. lots, only $"> a front foot: between
Gough and Octavla: lets 23 feet front by X&"\%
feet deep; only $137.".
MISSION PROPERTY.
Mlsslon-st. business corner; northeast corner
Mission and Brooks sts.: 40 feet front by S3
• feet deep; only $30C0. or will sell 4rt.xlt>2 for $lflfli>.
San Jose-ave. corner; 40 feet front by 77 feet
1 deep; only $lC00.
Dolores-st. lot. near Eighteenth; 20 feet front
1 by 10O feet deep: S20C0.
Elghtecnth-st. investment: 30 feet front with
1 extra lot in rear; 21x113; $1100; with old im-
provements.
,« 25xlC0; Seventeenth-st. lots, near Dolores:
$1700 each.
Dcrland-st. lot: 21 feet front by XTtYi feet
I deep; between Dolores and Church' st*. ; $3t>0.
, ¦ Term.3 on all abova prop«rj>s, one.-thlrd cash,
balance on mortgage, with Interest at « per
. cent per year, lender pnytnsr mortgage tax.
! t THOMAS MAGEE St SONS*.
- i Montgomery aCTUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Continued From Tenth. Page.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
GRAND HOTEL.
V Sartori. Sonoma
H Clark, Chicago
H G Faber, San Diego
Mr3 J Q White, Ariz>
W A Kldd. Bakersfield
Miss M A Fee. <-hfo<.o-vl
O Scrlbner, Bakersfleld
W W Hanger, Fresno
J Page, Fresno
E C Southworth & w,
• Sanger
Mrs C D Perrott. Cal
W D Wagner, Cal
J H Horiston, Oregon
H F Donaldson. N Y
C B Beardslee. Chicago
C W Eastin, Modesto
E C Ward, USA.
H C Newhart, Denver,
Mrs E Rousslau, Cal
W S Ingram, Sacto ¦
B P Barker, Livermore
Mrs C de,Cout, Ariz
G M Boles, Fresno
Mrs F J Steele & slstr,
Pasadena
J W Coombs & w, Cal
E C Eubanks, Cal
J A Baldwin, Fulton
C F Hall & w, Reno
Mrs G Turner, Modesto
Dr Edith Turner, Cal
G G Radcllft. Watsonvl
J M Thomas, Portland
Mrs M Morris, Woodld
Miss J Morris, Woodld
Miss K Morris, Woodld
W A Beard, Orovllle
J. C Nogk. Colusa ¦
C G Ayres, Paris
Hon F Lawless, Londn
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Wm Gershel. N Y
Willie Gershel, N Y
J W Ryland, San Jose
E T Murphy, N. Y
S W Traylor. Denver
C Ofner, Chicago
P G Gow & w, Minn
R F Allen & w, N J
J J Cone, Jersey City
O Lambert & w, L A
J L Mardell, Lincoln
C Weis, New Orleans
Mrs E F de Leslie, Nb
G H Whltefleld, Balto
Mrs A M Bonlfleld,
London ¦
J A Murphy, N T
H A Reechman, N Y
Mrs O Nichols, Chi
Francis Drake, Trnsvl
E Randolph, Arizona
Mr & Mrs Schwerln,
San Mateo
C H Howland, Inglewd
Mrs Howland, Inglewd
G J Cochran & w, L. A
E P Dunn, S Barbara
E L Heattey, London
F T Breen & wf, Iowa
Al Schrauz, New York
Mrs E M Vanderbilt,
Brooklyn
Miss Vanderbilt, Bklyn
H Brelt Jr. Boston -
B S Churchill, Napa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Enos & w, Courtland
J D Buck, New York
W R Jamison, Denver
W McAllister. Seattle
J Murphy, Cincinnati
E Petit, Cincinnati
H Sullivan, Cincinnati
E E Snoll, San Pedro
W F Wood, San Pedro
T V Muslin, Kansas
J H Dalley. USA
G T Green, Sonora
D Marzorinl. New Or
F L Parmenter, S Jose
M Wallace, Clements
J Mathew <& w. Cal
W Knappe. Iowa
W L Rice. Tenn
Mr & Mrs Romalne.Cal
P H Megley, Chicago
HOTEL AiKRIVALS.
Lillle F. Daly (owner) with McCullough-Con
tracting Company (contractors),, architect
James A, McCullough— AH work for a, one and
one-half story frame building on S line of
Twenty-first street. 92:6 W of Guerrero, S 61
by W 25; $2655.
E. L. Perrault (owner) with Val Franz (con
tractor), architect W. O. Banks — All work for a
two-story and rough basement frame building
on W line of Van»Ness avenue, 75 S of Filbert
street,. S 25 by W 110; $3700..
John Claussen (owner) with H. T. Grieb (con
tractor), architect -.— All work except man
tels, shades and gas fixtures for a three-story
frame building (store and flats) on E line of
Folsom street, 27:5% S of Thirteenth. N 27:5%
to Thirteenth, — 100.014. S 23.794. W 99.76; $5750.
Sam© owner with Thomas Maxwell (contrac
tor), architect same— Carpenter work for same
on same; $2925. .
Ida E. Russell (owner) with A. W. Lawson
(contractor), architect Maxwell G. Bugbee—
Brickmason's work, including chimneys and
fireplaces for alterations to Ocean House on all
of O. L. block 1220; $1100. • • .
Builders' Contracts.
Kate F. Austin (sole surviving trustep es
tate of Henry S. Austin) to Kate F., Mary H.
and Henry H. Austin, lots 650 to 657, Glff Map
2; also lot on S line of Nineteenth street, 167 E
of .Castro, E 25 by S 85; also lot on W line of
Sanchez street. 22 N.of Sixteenth, N 33, W 100.
S 55. E SO. N 22, E 70; also property in Stock
ton, San Joaquin County, as per terms of de
cree of distribution; $ .
James J. Whelan to same, same; gift.
Bartley Clyne to Franz and Margarethe
Braun, lot on S line of East avenue. 229:5 E
of Park avenue, E 37:6 by S 108, block 6, Holly
Park; $850. . • • . . \ , . -.-
State of California (by Joseph H Scott ' Tax
Collector) (property assessed to S. S. Fallas)
to I. L. Hofmann. lot on E line of Thirteenth
avenue, 375 N of M street, N 50 by E 120; $150.
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie P.
Farnsworth, executrix) to Mary Whelan, lot
10, block F, Sunset Heights; $3300.
Fannie P. Farnsworth to same, same, quit
claim deed; $1. '
„ Henry F. Edwards to George Brown, lot on
§-?. ii 9 °i Clem entina street, 80 NE of Third,
NE 5 by ,SE 55; $5.
George F. Lyon to John Bashford, lot on W
»ne of Mississippi street, 125 N of Twenty-fifth
(Yolo). N 25 by W 100; $500.
John C. and Annie M. Spencer to Alice K.
Bentz, lot on S line of Clement street. 30 W
of Fifteenth avenue W 25 by S 100; $500
Robert and Christine. F. McMillan to Lillian
O'Hara and Grace G. Livermore, lot on S lino
of J street, 57:6 W of Forty-sixth avenue, W
25 by S 100: $300. .. .
_Joseph or Joseph S. Cunningham to Karl
Yngve.lot on E line of Douglass street, 245 N
of Nineteenth, N 25 by E 125; $10CO.
H. T. Holmes to Simon Manny, re-record 894
p. 196, lot on W line of Varrennes street, 127:6
N of Union, N 30 by W 60; $2500
Andrew and John M. Trepp and Ursula Bat
taglia to Pasquale Gagliada and Giovanni To
bone, same; $1500 . .
Pacific Improvement Company to John L.
Harrison, lot on • SE corner of Frederick and
Cole streets, E 105:7% by S 87:6; $6500.
William O'Connell to Hibernia Savings; and
Loan Society, lot on NW corner of Washington
and Cherry streets. N 50:4, W 71:6, S 50:10. E
79:2; $500. . ¦¦ ¦¦ > '
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Lucius
L. Solomons, same; $4000.
Mary E. Jones (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on W'llne of Sanchez street, 51:6 N of Thir
tieth, N 25 by W 105; $850.
William and Lizzie Hinkel to Hannah O'Shea
(wife of John F.), lot on E line of Belvedere
street, -.133:9 S of Waller, S 25 by E 121:10%:
Annie K.Pohl to Adelaide F. McDonnell, lot
on W.line of Webster street, 82:6 N of Post, N
27:6 byW'93; $4500.
Giovanni and Virginia Rossi to Samuel Whee
land,.lot on S line of McAllister street, 53 E of
Webster, E 25 by S 87:6; $3500.
Mary L. and Byron Jackson ' to Vera Grange,
lot on i NE corner •¦ of Vallejo ! and Webster
streets, E 50"by N 130; $10,000. . ":.
Same to Margaret Watson, Mary Meyers and
Annie Coleman, .lot on W line of Collingwood
street. 149 N of Eighteenth, N 74 by W 125; gift.
Naples street." 150 N of China avenue, BT 175 by
E 100, block 153, Excelsior. Homestead; gift.
60 Hana Plantation Co... ...:. 6 87%
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar "• 50 00
10 Makawell Sugar Co..... 38 00
r 40 Paauhau SP Co. 26 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 42 62V4
10 S F Gas & Electric Co *...„ 42 75
30 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 3... 43 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90..:.....'.. 42 00
100 S V Water, b 3..... 86 50
Street— . .
100 Hutchinson S P Co 18 73
J6000 S P of A bonds (1909). 113 73
SAN. FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session!
Board—
200Hanford, Fresno & Kern River 10
500 Lion . ... 12
100 Occidental of "WVa....: 48
100 Occidental of "W Va 46
1000 Petroleum Center 06
1000 Reed Crude 43
125 San Joaquin,O & D Co 8 25
300 Sterling 135
100 Sterling ..'.. 1 siVi
Afternoon Session. ¦
Board—
2000 Lion 12
35 Peerless 4 75
5 Peerless « 4 87}i
600 Petroleum Center 06
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Caribou 70- :
200 Home 2 20 j
100 Home, b 30..... ." 2 20
30 Peerless 5 00
100 Sovereign 29
1000 Sovereign ; 30
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1000 Four 36
7 Hanford, s 90 9100
100 Junction is
10 Peerless 4 75
20 Peerless 5 00
10 Peerless ..."...... 4 90
10 San Joacuiln Oil & Dev, b 10 8 00
525 Sterling ¦„ 1 35
75 Sterling 137^
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran- '
dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 05 200 Gould & Curry 13
200 Best & Belcher 25 200 Hale & Nor 20
100 Con Cal' & Va.2 20 300 Ophlr 90
200 Crown Point 06 500 Seg Belcher. ... 01
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & Va.2 20|
¦ The following were the sales In the Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 25 200 Ophlr 90
300 Best & Belcher 26 200 Potosl 09
E00 Crown Point .. 06 1500 Sierra Nevada. 21
200 Mexican 23
Afternoon Session. 1
200 Best & Belcher 24 200 Ophlr 83
100 Con Cal & V.2 17H 200 Overman 16
300 Gould & Curry 13 300 Sierra Nevada. 21
100 Mexican 22 200 Union Con .... IT
100 Mexican 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, June 23-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. '. , /: ; ://.- Bld.Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice — 01
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 05 06 Lady "Wash ... 01 — •
Belcher ........ 10 12 Mexican 22 24
Best & Belcher 23 25 Occidental 03 04
Bullion — 03 Ophlr 88 89
Caledonia 34 36 Overman 15 16
Challenge Con.. 16 20 Potosi 08 10
Chollar 08 09 Savage 09 11
Confidence 68 70 Scorpton — 04
Con Cal & Va.2 20 2 25; Seg Belcher .. — 02
Con Imperial .. 01 021 Sierra Nevada. 20 22
Con New Tork. 01 02 1 Silver Hill 27 29
Crown Point .. 06 07!St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con .... 06 —(Standard —3 70
Exchequer — 02|Syndlcate 05 07
Gould & Curry 13 14 1 Union Con .... 16 37
Hale & Norcrs 19 20 Utah 03 04
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket. 07 09
Following ta a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 60 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llppincott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
FLOW OF RIVERS.
SA-N JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 29, 1901.
. Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Henry
E. Bothin, ¦ lagoon, lot 22. containing 100 .varas
square and lying between Lombard and Filbert
streets If extended W. beyond Larkin street, and
in line of Greenwich street If so , extended;
J.15,000. •'; >¦¦¦<'-¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦•¦¦¦ ¦:• -. •¦"•'¦¦¦ ¦. <¦ -U, ¦¦.. : : v- ¦
Lissette K. Volk (Strasser) to : Miguel A. de
Laveaga, lot onN line of-Page street, ¦ 247:6 W
of Franklin,' W 55 by N.120; $18,000. ,:¦¦-- .. '•;,
-•Michael and Mary Coleman to Annie Coleman,"
lot on E line of Diamond street,' 75 N, of: Eight
eenth. ;N; 148 i by;; E 125; also lot on^E ; line of
R^AIi ESTATE TBAMTSACTIONS.
declared a dividend of 3.60 per annum on term
deposits and 3 per cent on, ordinary deposits,
payable July l.~
. The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay
a dividend of $1 per share to-day. , •
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, June 28—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I . ! Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113^114% |ls qr cp (new).139 140'
4s quar reg....ll2V4U3%.3s quar coup..lOS%109#
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 6s.lO5% — Oceanic SS 5s. 103 104
Cal-st 56..... .'.118 — . Omnibus R 6s. 127 —
C C Water 5s.. 110 — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l2S%133% Pk & C H 6s.lO8 —
Fer & Cl R 6S.117V4 — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st 6s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6V4 — Sac E G R 6s. — —
Do 5s... ....'..101 102& S F & SJV 5s.l20 121
Los Ang R 6s. 114^4 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of. A 6s •. ¦': .
Do tfntd 6s..— 104 (1909). 118% —
Do gntd 5s. .103 — (1910) 11414 —
LA& Pao 6S.10O — - S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 63.102% — (1905), Ser A.108 108%
Market-st C 6s — 127% (1905), Ser B.108%109%
Do 1 c m 68.122% — ¦ (1906) 109% —
Nev Co N G 7slO5 114 (1912) 119 123
Nor R Cal 6s. — 115 S P of Cal 1st
Do 6s 118^119% cp gntdg5s.lO7 _ ¦
Nor Pac C 63.100% — ,S P Br Cal 6s. 135 135%
Do Es. ....... .108y* — S V Water 6s.ll3% —
Nor. R Cal 5s.H0 113 Do 4s ...102%103%
Oak Gas 6s:...112tt — Do 4s 3d m..l01 102
' Do Trans 68.118% — Stktn Gaa 6s.. — —
Do Wat 53. .104%— : : . .
. . WATER STOCKS. . \
Contra Costa.. 80 80% I Spring Valley. 83 86%
Marin County. 61 — I . ¦
GAS AND ELECTRIC. .
Cent L & P... 3%— : Pacific Light. 47 48%
Equitable .....— '* Sacramento ... — —
Mutual"........ 4% 6 S F G & E.i. 42% 43
Oakland 60% 60% San Francisco. 4% <V»
Pac Gaa Imp.. 42 43% Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 242% — I
BANKS. .
Anglo-Cal ..... 77%— L P &' A......14S —
California .....408 410 - Mer Ex (liq).. 16 -
Cal Safe Dep.107% - S F. National. 127% -
First Natlonal.309 315 ¦.::¦•
' SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1900 1970 Sav & Loan:.. — —
Humboldt ..... — : — Security 275 —
Mutual ........ 60 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Franclsco.527% — . •¦ ...
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 . O S L &.H.... 40 —
Geary ......:.- » . Presidio 25%-
Market ....:... 70% — . : .,
,¦ . .. POWDER.
Slant .......... 76% 77% I Vlgorlt ........ 3 3%
¦•.*.: sugar. ;
Hana '..¦¦ -694 - Kilauea .....;. V is*4 18%
Hawaiian ..... B0 — Makawell ..... 37% 38
Honokaa ...... 21% 22 Onomea ..' 22>4 25
Hutchlnson ...18% 19 i Paauhau ...... 25& 26%
.MISCELLANEOUS.' *J- '
Alaska •Pack..l29%130 ¦ Oceanic S Co.. 51% -\
Cal Fruit Can. 95 ¦ — . Pac Aux F A. 2 — •
r&l Wine Asn.100 . — .: Pac <3 Borax..l65 —
Merchnts 1 Ex.110 —_. Par Paint 16 —
• Morning Session.-' ; '
..¦ .."¦:. Board— ,' '";¦'•* '•;; .:¦ ' I'i '-",'.:
175 Alaska Packers' Assn ...:..129 60.
$1000 Bay Counties Power Co 6s .....105 00
- 10 Contra Costa Water, b 10.... ;...-..'.* 8i oo ¦
50 Contra Costa Water. ...........'.....'. '8l 00
15 Faauhau S P Co.... ..¦,...:, 26 37%
$5000 SP of A bonds (1909)....'..........;.ii3 75
J5000 S V 4s (2d Mortgage)...: : ...103 25 "'
. ..-, i« Street—' 1 - ¦.. ... ¦ .', ;
11000 NP C R R 5s........ ...;.1O8 50 •
40 S;V "Water... '*.... ....86 50
'¦."-'¦ ; •'.'¦' •' Afternoon Session.
Board — '• ¦ .' x ¦ . '¦'.
50 Contra Costa Water....;.; 80 75
15 Giant Powder Con.; .:.... r..... ;...'.-. .76 75 '
10 Giant Powder Con.:...............".:.. 77 00 J
13
DATK.
Second Feet. I
1 liTngCo. Total
1900: 1901. Canal. 1901.
June 16
June 17
June 18
June 19
June 20........
June 21
June 22
4347 7.720
S857 8,040
43-17 9.640
4919 9,640
4919 9,000
5209 11,240
4634 13,160
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7,727
8,047
9.647
9,647
9,007
11.247
13,167
- j_ Second Feet.
DATK. 1
1900. 1901.
June 16 5590 5170
June 17... 5380 5170
June. 18 5380 5170
June 19 5380' 5170
June 20 5170 5170
June 21 5170 5170
June 22..... 6030 5170
DATK.
I
Second Feet.
1900. 1901.
1900.
_ |-
June 16
June 17 -
June 18
June 19
June 20
June 21
June 22
f
3920 9,990
3920 13,200
4490 13,730
5096 12.6S0
5322 13,730
5096 15.4S0
4S70. 17.970
I Second Feet.
. ' DATE.
' \ . . .
June 16 •
June 17
June 13..
June 19 ~ ........
June 20
June 21.'. .'.... :..
June 22
DATE.
1900. 1901.
4370. 9.202
3800 10,528
• 4175 11,864
4370 12,940
4173 12,400
6850 13.210
5625 14,560
DATK.
Second Feet. I
1 liTngCo. Total
1900: 1901. Canal. 1901.
June 16
June 17
June 18
June 19
June 20........
June 21
June 22
4347 7.720
S857 8,040
43-17 9.640
4919 9,640
4919 9,000
5209 11,240
4634 13,160
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7,727
8,047
9.647
9,647
9,007
11.247
13,167
- j_ Second Feet.
DATK. 1
1900. 1901.
June 16 5590 5170
June 17... 5380 5170
June. 18 5380 5170
June 19 5380' 5170
June 20 5170 5170
June 21 5170 5170
June 22..... 6030 5170
DATK.
I
Second Feet.
1900. 1901.
1900.
_ |-
June 16
June 17 -
June 18
June 19
June 20
June 21
June 22
f
3920 9,990
3920 13,200
4490 13,730
5096 12.6S0
5322 13,730
5096 15.4S0
4S70. 17.970
I Second Feet.
. ' DATE.
' \ . . .
June 16 •
June 17
June 13..
June 19 ~ ........
June 20
June 21.'. .'.... :..
June 22
DATE.
1900. 1901.
4370. 9.202
3800 10,528
• 4175 11,864
4370 12,940
4173 12,400
6850 13.210
5625 14,560
MARRIED.
WILLIAMS — RILEY— In this city, June 28,
1901, at Central Methodist Episcopal Church,
by the Rev. S. D. Hutslnpiller, George H. Wil-
liams of Stockton, Cal., and Sadie M. Riley
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
RED STAR LINE. (
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
•Zeeland July 10 Southwark July 31
Friesland July 17 'Vaderland . .August 7
Pennland July 24 Kensington ..August 14
?Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound. • -
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
' . CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
. - Stopping at . Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a, m.
St. Louis July 17f Philadelphia .August 21
St. Paul August 7 St. Paul...... August 23
St. Louis. ....August 14l st. Louis.. September 4
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW Y0°K. BOOTH »MPT0N. LO"D0». P1BI8.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First
¦ - W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
.Wednesday, September 4, 1901
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
, ner First and Brannan streets, at I p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hicgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU... Wednesday. July 17. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU.... Saturday. Aug. 10. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
. inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 240 Dolores street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at J o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BURKHARDT— In Los Angeles, June 25 * 1901
Elizabeth Burkhardt (nee Whelan). dearly
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Western Addition Funeral Directors, 2428
Caliicrnia , street, between Fillmore '. and
Steiner. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BLAIR— In this city, June 27, 1901, at her resi-
dence, 3397 Sacramento street, Kate, beloved
wife of William Blair, and mother- of J. F.
McKenna, Mrs. Mamie Phillips, Mrs. Nellie
Ellenburg,.Mrs. W. H. Wheeler, Miss Emily
Blair and Willie Blair, a native of Galena,
111., aged 62 years 8 months and 10 days.
[CJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tHe funeral this day
(Saturday), from the Church of the Holy
Cross, Eddy street, between Scott and De-
vlsadero, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of . her soul,
commenolnc at 10 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate.
BROWN— In this city, June 27, 1901, Rosalia
de Haro, beloved wife of the late Charles
Brown, and beloved mother of William A.
Andrews, Mrs. C. B. Mahon, Amelia Brown
Mrs. F. E. Coler and Mrs. F. P. McQulnn
a native of California, aged 72 years 10
months and 23 days.
|C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. '
BLACKLOCK— In this city, June 27, 1901,
Teresa Louise, beloved wife of the late
- James Blacklock, and mother of Mrs. Man-
ley Roberts and Annie, Jessie. William and
John Blacklock, a native of Scotland, aged
63 years.
[CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the rest-
dence of his parents, 810 Lyon street, thence
to Holy Cross Church, where a mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ATTRIDGE— In Manila, May 26, 1901, William
J., beloved son of James and Mary Attrldge,
and brother of Edmund, Thomas, John, Nel-
lie and Richard Attrldge and Mrs. E. T.
Heath, a native of San FrancUco, aged 25
years and 25 days.
AHERN— In this city, June 27. 190L Francis
I., son of Maurice and Margaret Ahern. a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years.
DIED. .
Ahern, Francis I. Lund, Nicolai
Abridge, William J. McGrath, Elizabeth
Blacklock, Teresa L. McSwiggen, Edward
Blair, Kate Mei z, Ellen M.
Brown, Rosalia deH. Milatovlch, Antonla
Burkhardt, Elizabeth Morlarity, John
Dillen, Jesse E. Muir, Robert McD.
Dresbach, William Nelson, Ellen
Flores, Pilar Powers, James W.
Fraser, Annie ¦ Quigley, Annie M.
Gaylord, Charles M. Rausch, William
Gerlach, Edward - Scharger, Congad
Henneberry, Cather- Schubert, Nicolaus
ine Shaw, Sam T.
Houghton, Harry B. Singer, Major Wm.
Lee, Viola Weiler, Prof.Rlchard
Lomax, Edith A. White (infant)
REAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
$6500— TERMS to suit; very handsomely deco-
rated and sunny 10-room residence; substan-
tially built and finished by day work; every
possible latest Improvement: heaters, regis-
ters, C basins, plate and art glzss windows,
etc.; marine end park view; the choicest of
any near panhandle; large lot, 26:CxlG0; Ful-
ton ft., near Shrader; Hayes or McAllister
Ft. care; open froni 11 to 5.
RICHMOND LAND CO.. 323 Clement St., deal
enly In Richmond property and cheerfully give
liny information concerning values within
Uw tfutrlct. We have a large and complete
list of desirable properties, . both Imprcved
and unimproved. If you wish to buy or to
soil, your interests will be served by con-
sulting us.
MODERN home of 9 rooms on Vallejo st. : lst-
class neighborhood ; will bo sold at a bargain.
DAVIS & BIVEXS. room 53. 916 Market st.
$750— A SNAP; 9 lots on Mission road; party
needy mocty. Box 3547, Call office.
FOR eale — New cottage, 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union st. 3022 Pierce st.
REAL ESTATE- — COUNTRY For Sale
AN Ideal country home of 23 acres; heart of
Santa Cruz Mountains; €2 miles from San
Francisco; elevation 1200 feet: unexcelled
place. for private sanitarium; ocean view.
1438 full-t>earing fruit trees, consisting of
prune, peach, cherries, walnuts, pears, apples,
figs and chestnuts.
1S00 vines in full bearing; choicest table
grapes.
2500 vines; Cornichon grapes: 2 years old.
House of 8 rooms, barn and outbuildings; all
furniture and farming implements go with the
place: price $4250; $2000 can remain on mort-
gage. Address D. BRITTON.
.¦ Olympia Theater.
POULTRY and dairy rrnch^s for sale: write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
J65B-COTTAGE of'4 rooms; lot 23x100.
?1 000— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 27:6x125.'
$1100— Cottage ol 5 rooms; lot 25x150. •
$1500— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 50x150.
J1600— 2-story house of 8 rooms; lot 25x107.
J1S00 — 2-story house of 7 rooms; windmill,
etc. _: lot 50x130.
52200— 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot 37:6x120.
12700— Modern cottage of 6 rooms; lot 50x148;
near Morton station.
$4250— Modern cottage of " rooms; stable,
etc.: corner; on Central ave.
fl500 — Lot on Union st.. near Central ave.
$600— Lot near Morton station.
ALL NEAR SCHOOLS AND STATIONS.
Bargains in unimproved lots.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agency New Zealand. British America. Citi-
zens' and London Assurance Companies.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station, Alameda.
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for invest-
ors and house-seekers; on easy terms or ex-
change lor city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city; 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location: fin- 1
lshed In oak. blrdseye maple and Carolina \
pine; highly decorated; lot £5x170 feet.
A. R. DENKE.
"Webstcr-st. Station, Alameda.
$1550— MODERN cottage: 5 rooms; newly fin-
ished: corner lot. 66x100; great bargain. J.
H. TOUKG. builder, 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
»— — ¦ - ¦ | | | | | MM || HI || !
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOR SALE. ;
FOR eale— Modern cottage. 6 rooms: bath; lot
60x150. ISIS Mozart gt.. Alameda. Mastlck stn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
KEW 7-rocm, 2-story colonial house; large
rooms; fine mantel; electric fixtures, porce-
lain bath, laundry tubs; all fine open plumb-
ing; right up to date; only 2 minutes to R.
R. station ; lot 40x100; price, $2400. For terms
call on J. R. PERKINS, Lorin station,
Berkeley.
CALL and see the 2 new 6-room cottages I am
building; high basement; mantel: all the
latest plumbing; well, tank aid windmill;
10 minutes to E. R. station; price only 11400;
$100 cash; balance on easy payments. J. R.
PERKINS, Lorin station, Berkeley.
FINE, new up-to-date 8-room. 2-Etory colonial
house: porcel&ln bath, electric fixtures, man-
tel: a fine, convenient home for somebody;
• price $2300 for cash, or will exchange for
• country or San Francisco property. J. R.
PERKINS, Lorin station, Berkeley. . j
KIKE, almost new 4 large room bay-window
cottage; high basement. percelaJn bath,
large pantry, electric wired, folding doors;
fine well, tank and windmill, chicken bouse
an<l yard; lot 50x100; only 2 minutes to K. R.
station and V*. block to electric cars; price
only 11600; terms. J. R. PERKINS. Lorin
gt'n, Berkeley (formerly Oellerich & Perkins).
FOR sale— In Berkeley, near university, 6 new
modern houses; email payment down, balance
tame -as rent: lot 40x135; ctreet work com-
plete; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
trc«« on every Jot; house ready to move Into;
water connected; push buttons and electric
fixtures; shades, mantels, bookcases and side-
board; 6. 7 and 8 rooms, from $2600 up; grand
marine view; cement walks, porcelain tubs; 2
closets and fences.
Boarding-house. 11 roome; very, email pay-
m«»nt down.
Also some houses to lease; call bet. 9 and 11
a. ir.., or by appointment.
M. I* WTTRTS.
Seventeenth et. and Broadway, Oakland.
FOR exchange — Near university; fine IS-room
house; built for boarding houue; in the hands
of the rlg-ht party there Is a good living In
this. S. 6. QUACKEXBUSH. Real Estate.
opposite bank.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE FCRyiSHED HOUSES.
FURBISHED house, 6 rooms and bath, for
July. Corner XIcol ave. and Capp st
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
office— ins Broadway.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
rOR~EALE^T "^
k. J. SXTDER,
REAL ESTATE.
4C7 Xlnth Street. Oakland.
Cottage. 4 rooms and bath; on 33d St., nr.
Market; lot 30x90. » Price $1500.
Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; on Linden st.. nr.,
24th; 22x135. Price $2350.
Cottage, S rooms and bath; on Myrtle st. nr.
28th; 37:6x100. Price $2000.
Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; on Myrtle St., nr.
12th; 40x125. Price $2300.
Cottage. 5 room* and bath; on "West st., nr.
rath; 50x116. Price $2800.
Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; on Sherman Bt.,
nr. Telegraph ave.; 60x115. Price $2600.
Cottage, B roome and bath; on Mead ave.; nr.
Ban Pablo ave. ; 30x125. • Price $2550.
Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; on West st.. nr
»th; 2&X140. Price $2250.
2-etory house, 6 rooms and bath; on Chestnut
et., nr. 18th; 30x95. Price 12800.
2-etory house, 7 rooms and bath: on Filbert
et.. nr. 5th; 25x125. Price $1600. '
•2-etory house. 6 rooms and bath: Telegraph
tve., nr. SSth; 34x120. Price $3000.
J-story house, 6 rooms end bath; Chestnut st.,
nr. 21st; 84x100. Price $2750.
For further particulars inquire of
A. J. SNYDER, Real Estate,
467 Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
TENTH STREET, EAST OF BROADWAY.
$3250— Comfortable home of 9 rooms In the
choicest part of Oakland; owner non-resident;
reduced price for a quick cash eale.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$$E0— COZY little bungalow cottage; all shin-
gled; new plumbing; lot 40x120 feet; close to
telegraph ave. and city trains; will arrange
terms. *? .• ¦„ •.
$15 monthly Installments — Cottage of 5 rooms;
on runny Elde; handy to San Pablo ave.; total
$1000.
?2500— $500 cash, balance on easy terms; pretty
T-eatlaJee cottsy?e. 6 rooms, bath, hall, high
'.i.rfement. 2 bay windows; newly painted: nice
open lawn and cement walks: select locality; 1
block from Broadway; cost $3500.
$3000— Elgnt-roomed modern Eastlake cottage;
runny Bide; right downtown: a big bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., '
. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAXD.FI ; KMTI.'HE KO IL? A ijP "
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CEDAR ave.. 24, near Larkin, Post and Geary
sts. — 3 eunny unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
running water: bath; reasonable.
|jO— THREE rooms and bath; sunny; bay-win-
dow. Apply 452 Clipper st. ; Castro-st. car.
EDDY. 929 — Floor of 4 or 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; private residence; no. children.
ELLIS. 325— Housekeeping rooms; also single.
ELLIS. 320 — 2 email sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms In rear; rent $10.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin— Large sunny • bay-
window; use of kitchen; ether rooms, $11 up.
FIFTH, 853— Furnished parlors, kitchen. wlth v
bath. $20; also 2. $10.^12; 3, $14; single. $4 up
FTXTON. 233—2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
connected; gas stove; bath; no children.
87 and 29 Fifth st. TeL South 167
IDNEEAL DIEECT0K3 AND EMBALMS 3. )
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
iSuccessor to Flannagan St Gallagher.!
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKAa
- 20 Fifth it., opposite Lincoln School.
' . . Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., June 21. 1901— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. in., Monday, July 1, 1901,
and then opened, for furnishing 33 cavalry
horses at the Presidio of San Francisco. Gov-
ernment reserves right to reject or accept any
or all bids, or any part thereof. Bids will be
considered for a less number of horses than
that stated. Preference- given _ to articles of
domestic production, conditions of price and
quality (Including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon), being equal, and
such preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Pacific Coast to
extent of consumption required by the public
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to J. M. MARSHALL, Assistant
Quartermaster General, U. & Army, Chief
Quartermaster.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterlay:
Natale Beltramo, 33, 25 Montgomery avenue,
and Olympia Giaechino, 24. 25 Taylor street.
William Otto, 39. 2116 Sutter street, and Au-
gusta E. - C. Knapp, 30, 1019 Treat avenue.
George H. ' Williams, 32, Stockton, and Sadie
M. Riley, 32, city.
Michael S. Keller, 27, 716 San Bruno avenue,
and- Hannah Davis, 22, 950% Harrison street.
Henry McConnell, 21, 116 Ninth street, and
Ruby B. Crawford, 20, Corvallis, Or.
Herman J. Hlnz, 29, 1307 Treat avenue, • and
"WHhelmtna Feyock, 24, 1307 Treat avenue.
David E. Hedrlck, 50, 537 Natoma street, and
Josephine. R. French, 30, 33S Sixth street.
Ira J. Jarmon, 26, 81 Shipley street, and
Charlotte G. Wilson, 19, 1920 Howard street.
Eugene Gauthier Jr., 27, 1111^4 Montgomery
street, and Eugenie M. Lartigau, 21, 1504 Gold-
en Gate avenue.
Charles E. Palmroth, 23, 129 Clara street,
and Marie S. Heikkila, 24, S22V4 Guerrero st.
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
gineer, Division of the Philippines. Manila,
P., I.. March 1. 3901 — Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging In mud. sand
and shells to a depth of'thlrty feet. Dredged
materials to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
•work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right" is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office. Bureau of
Insular Affairs, Washington. D. C. ; United
States Engineers Offices at New York. Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,
Captain. Engineers.
PROPOSALS.
ROOMS FOR HOl'SEKEEPIXU Com
HAIGHT, 222— Two perfectly appointed house-
Keeplng rooms for couple. Tel. and references.
HARRISON, 783— Sunny front room for light
housekeeping; no children.
HAYES, 331— A handsome suite of rooms with
use of kitchen and dining-room.
HOWARD. 76U4— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite; man and wife; kitchen; others.
IVY ave., 236—3 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent $15.
JESSIE. 433—2 complete furnished housekeep-
ing rooms to let; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521-2 or 3 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; private family; rent cheap.
MARKET. 2129, near Guerrero— Front room fur-
nlshed; light housekeeping.
MASON, 413— Sunny suite with or without light
housekeeping: running water; also large very
sunny room for one or two persons; private
family; phone.
NOE, 153— Two pleasant sunny bay-window
rooms ;modern cor.flat ;gasstove.bath.grate ; $14.
O'FARRELL, 776— Sunny basement rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $8
and UP.
POLK, 1002—3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
SEVENTH. 178— Nicely furnished front suite*
first floor, for housekeeping; yard; station-
ary tub.
SEVENTH. 304. near Folsom— Unfurnished, 3
nice rooms In corner flat : connected stove ;
rent $13; references; call afternoons. ;
STEVENSON. 642. between Seventh and Eighth
—Furnished sunny front room; bath; central;
also light cooking If desired. -
EUTTER. 2620— Bedroom, dining-room, kitchen;
bath; furnished complete. |
TWENTY-THIRD, 372S, near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice; neat; complete.
VALENCIA. 834%, near 20th— 2 or 8 front con-
necting rooms, furn. complete; sink; porch.
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms, complete.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
A^ILBbiRN^HOTELT^2T^rMra^^esr$r^
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— MARKET. 1049A— Nicely furnished suites.
$15 per month up; singles. $5 per month up.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.*
EDDY, 524 — Finely furnished rooms; suite- and
single.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
rooms to let. ¦
FOLSOM. 566A— By a German family unencum-
bered; 2 small furnished hall rooms with bath.
FOLSOM. 620— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms; large garden; also housekeeping; three
blocks from Palace Hotel.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites ;slngle with baths;
transient. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk Bt..
nr. -Market — New building, elegantly furn.;
just opened; strictly first class and up to date
In all appointments; inspection invited; must
be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary St.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
In the city; steam heat; private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOWARD. 1063— Newly furnished sunny front
bay-window room; electric lights; stove.
HOWARD, 1637 — Large sunny unfurnished
room, with use of gas and bath; suitable for
two ladies.
HYDE. 299— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath.
KEARNY, 34. and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk St.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
- and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
POST. 943— A nicely furnished bay-window al-
cove room; running water.'
RENT $10 — Three sunny rooms. 6 Pine place,
off Pine st., between Mason and Taylor.
POLK, 1539— Largest, sunniest room for the
money in the city; private.
POWELL, 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis st.— Rooms
night. 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
EOTAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies* par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground.floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 642, between Seventh and Eighth
—Furnished sunny front room; bath; central.
BTOCKTON, 332— The Ottington— Few choice
suites and several small rooms; cheap.
EUNBERG, 315 Ellis— Nice 6unny rooms, en
suite or single; hot and cold water; meals
optional.
THIRD,' SJ4 — Nicely furnished front rooms; also
single and housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore. st.
ROOMS AM) BOARD;
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
THE Roanoke, 808 Bush — New house; newly
furnished; suites with bath; perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator serv-
ice; cars to all parts of city .within stone's
throw of door.*
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished tunny rooms, en suite and single, with
board.
THE Victor. 1006 Pine— If ew management; thor-
oughly renovated; sunny suites with board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenwo: th — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or
S rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
SUNNY front room, suitable for man and wife,
with board. 70 Ninth at.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19, tel. 5580.
DISEASES and aliments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 5H Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred: open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office' Post and Powell ets.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission «t.;
tel. Main 1840; Ehlpplng at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storare and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. ?3?0 Fillmore Bt.: phone Jackson 281.
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS' IN~TYPEWRITER*S^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work In sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60: anti-trust;
ell makes: used machine*. $10 un. 209Sansome.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
WRECK bF~RIO^~ ~~— ~~ ~~~
To "Whom It May Concern: The under-
signed Incorporators of the Rio Wrecking Co.
hereby give notice that we have located the
exact spot of the wreck and are using due
diligence in preparing the proper apparatus
to remove the cargo from said steamer, and
will maintain our claim to salvage before a
court of law.
' Stock subscription books are open at the
office of the company, '445 Pun ott Building,
and a limited amount of stock for sale at 50c
, per share; :>ar value $1. ... t
RIO WRECKING CO.,
'.... " . : . JOHN ROSS, ¦: Mgr.
J. J. Sullivan, Tom Olsen. James McLaughlin.
. . San Francisco, Cal., June 27. ,1901. -¦
\ .
¦ IT7"Frlends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to' attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1602 Harrison street; between Twelfth
and ThlrteentH". Interment Mount Olivet
-. Cemetery. ; . ' : • "¦'¦'.
SCHUBERT— In this city, June 27, 1901. Nico-
laus Schubert, a native of Germany, aged
42 years 1 month and 16 days. .
SHAW— In Mount Pleasant, la., June 27, 1901,
Sam T. Shaw. . ,
SINGER— In this city, June 27, 1901, Major
William Singer, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 88 years- 3 months and 14 days. : •
inyThe funeral will - take place this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 143 San Jose avenue. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. ¦ ; , ;
WEILER— In this city, June 24, 1901, Professor
Richard Weller. beloved husband of Martha
Weller, and beloved father of Mrs. Blanche
Wilson of Pasadena, Cal.', and Leopold ,Wel-
ler'Of Paris, -a native of Ostrode, Germany,
aged £3 years 7 months and 14 days.
WHITE— In the City and County Hospital.
June 28, 1901. - infant , daughter of Mary and
John White, a native of California, aged 10
/days. -' • ¦ '¦ .¦" ¦' ¦ .•" " ¦•¦¦¦¦..
IC^Friends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 144 San Carlos avenue. In-
terment. Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SCH ARGER— In this city, June 28, 1901, Con-
rad Schareer; ! dearly beloved husband of
Maggie Scharger, stepson of Mrs. Caroline
Scharger, and brother of Charles and Minnie
Schaiger, a native of Baden, Germany, aged
41 years 7 months- and 16 days. • '
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . this day
(Saturday), at — o'clock, from the parlors of
¦ H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
¦ tween Seventh and Eirhth, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, corner Bush and Steiner
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
ceiobrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
I Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
RAUECH— In this city, June 27, 1901, William,
beloved son of Gustave and Etta Rausch, a
native of California, aged 4 months and 1
day. '•¦ .,' ••¦"- - '. .'¦•-.
[ETThe funeral will take place • this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 308 Precita avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
QUIGLEY— In this city, June 26, 1901, Annie
M., dearly beloved wife of William J. Quig-
ley, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 47 years
8 months and 14 days. A member of Young
Ladles' Institute No. 13; Minnehaha Council
No. 1 of Pocahontas; president of Hartford
Circle No. 23, Ladles of the G. A. R. (Va-
ll'Jo capers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to 'attend! the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, Chicago Hotel, Pacific street, .be-
tween Front and Battery, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city, June 27, 1901, James
W., beloved husband of Elizabeth Powers,
father of William H., Edward, Frank, Jo-
seph and Charles Powers and Mrs. A. L.
Fulton, and brother, of Edward Powers, a
native at Ireland, aged 71 years. (Lowell,
Mass.. papers please copy.) ,
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner of. Hyde and Bay streets. • A
member of Alcalde Parlor No. 154, N. S. G.
W. ; Maccabees, San Francisco No. 10; Unity
Lodge No. 25, A. O. U. W.
NELSON— In this city, June 27, 1901, Ellen,
dearly beloved wife of Niles Nelson, and
¦ mother of Eddie Nelson and Mrs. Mamie
O'Brien., and sister of the late Mrs. Mar-
garet Barry, a native of County Clare, Ire-
land, aged 48 years and 6 months. (Chicago,
111., papers please copy.) ' .
EJTriesids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the
parlors of James McMenomey & Son, 1057
Mission street, thence to St. Joseph's Church
for services. Interment private. Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
MORIARITY— In this city, June 27, 1901, John
Moriarlty, a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
MUIR— In this city, June 27, 1901, Robert
McD. Muir, beloved husband of Annie Muir,
devoted father of Robbie Muir, son of the
' late Adam Muir and Mary Muir, brother of
"William and John Muir, and son-in-law of
Mr. Aitken and Mrs. Hannah Montgomery,
a native of San Francisco; aged 32 years 10
months and 24 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), from the residence of his sister,
Mrs. McCaffrey, 1206 Grove street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church at 9 o'clock, where
services will be held for the repose of his
soul. Interment crivate at Mount Calvary
Cemetery. • •
MERZ— In this city, June 28, 1901, Ellen Mary,
beloved daughter of Joseph and Victoria
Merz, a native of Greenwood, Cal., aged 9
months, and ¦ 28 days.
MILATOVICH— In this city, June 27, 1901, An-
tonla Mllatovlch, beloved father of Joseph
Mllatcvich, and brother of Andrew Mllato-
vlch, a native of Dalmatla, aeed 83 years.
(CSTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chaDel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 2429 Mission street, thence by elec-
tric funeral car from comer of Twentieth
and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. -
McGRATH— In this city, June 27, 1901, Eliza-
beth, relict of the late Peter McGrath, and
beloved mother of William and Peter Mc-
Grath. Mrs. Mattie Williams, Mrs. Burnett
and Mrs. Belle Lamed, a native of Dublin,
Ireland, aged 82 years 8 months and 21 days.
McSWIGGEN— In Fruitvale, June 27, 1901, Ed-
ward McSwlgKen, dearly beloved brother of
Mrs. Ann Jane McCaffrey and Mrs. Luke
Battles, a native of County Tyrone, Ire-
land, aged 75 years 2 months and 14 days.
[CTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this • day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence,
2260 Alameda avenue. Alameda. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. I
LUND— In this city, June 27, .1901, Nicolai, be-
loved husband of Anna Lund, a native of
Germany, aeed 38 ' years.
tC^Frienas and. acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
Fell and Fillmore streets, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10^o! clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
HOUGHTON— In this city, June 28, 1901, Harry
B. Houghton, son of General and Mrs. J. F.
Houghton. - •' . ¦ . '
LEE— In this city, June 27, 1901, Viola, young-
est and beloved daughter of George H. and
Sarah Lee, and sister of Cecil Agnes Lee, a
native of San Francisco, aged 13 days.
LOMAX— In Alameda, June 27, 1901, Edith
Alice Lomax, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R.
Lomax, a native of California, aged 14 years
C months and 19 days.
ICT" Interment Sunday at Rio Vista.
GAYLORD— In Oakland, June 28, 1901, at 1272
Thirteenth avenue, Charles Manford, ' son of
C. R. and Mary Gaylord, a native of Nebras-
ka, aged 11 years ¦ 11 months and 2 /days.
GERLACH— In this city, June- 28, 190J, Ed-
ward Gerlach, beloved eon of the late
Charles and Catharine Geilach. and beloved
brother ' of Henry, John and Lewis Gerlach,
a native of San Francisco, aeed 32 years 6
months and 3 days. (Massachusetts papers
please copy.) ¦ V
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sundny), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
, 120J Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HENNEBERRY— June 27, 1901, at her resi-
dence, 645 Haight street, Catherine, widow of
the late Michael Henneberry, a. native of
Thurles, County Tlpperary, Ireland. (New
Orleens papers please copy.)
in^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Castaenetto & Ravenna, 643-645 Vallejo
street, thence to Washington- Square Hall,
corner Union and Stockton streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
EVi Dorado Circle No. 12, U. A. O. D.
FRASER— In Rio Vista, June 27, 1901, Annie
Fraser, daughter of Delia [ and the late
George C. Fraser, and sister of Emery J.,
Dave W., Belle and George G. Fraser, a na-
tive of Rio Vista.
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), : at 2 o'clock, at the
First Congregational Church, corner Twelfth
and Clay streets, Oakland, . under the aus-
. pice» of El Capitan Division No. 115, O. R. C.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
FLORES— In this city, . June 27, 1901, Filar
Flores, dearly beloved sister of Frank, Na-
talia and Jose Flores, and cousin of Carmen.
Ventura, Jose, Llbrado and Alex Jimenez, a
native of Mexico, aged 23 years 8 months
. and 15 days.
[C?"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DILLEN— In this city, June 26, 1901, 'Jesse E.',
husband of Clara B. Dillen, father of Jesse
and Chester Dillen, and brother of O. F. and
D. M. Dillen and Mrs. James M. Wallace, a
native of Indiana, aged 49 years. (Logans-
port papers please, copy.) -.
':.' E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the ¦ residence
of her parents, 1203 Howard' street, thence t(
St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street, for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A
DRESBACH— In this city, June 28, 1901, Wil-
liam, beloved' husband of Isabelle Dresbach,
and father of Florence E., Irma and William
Dresbach and Mrs. H. H. Fuller, a native
of Germany, aged 67 years 1 month and 23
days. ¦• •-¦ . ' ' \ , ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦'
beloved daughter of Charles and Mary Whe-
lan, and mother of -Edward Burkhardt, a na-
tive of San Francisco.' i' ••':..
DIVIDEND NOTICE— California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts.; for the six months ending
June 30, 1901, dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits , at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes, and payable on
and after Monday, July A, 1901. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after July 1, 1901. J. DAL-
7.ELL BROWN. Manager.
SAVINGS " and Loan Society. 101 Montgomery
St., corner of Sutter — The board of directors
declared a dividend for the term ending June
30. 1901. at the rate of three . and one-eighth
(3V4) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes and payable on and after July 1, 1901.
Dividends not called for are added to, and
bear the same rate of dividend as, the prin-
cipal, from and afteT July 1, 1901. CYRUS
W. CARMANY. Cashier.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
OFFICE .of the Hibernia Savings, and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
st3., San Francisco, June 2S, 1901 — At a regu-
lar meeting of the board of directors of this
society, held this day. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-eighth
(314%) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending- June 30, 1901, free
from all taxes, and payable on and after
July 1, 1901.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
-OF THE— '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE. INSURANCE GOMPANY
OF HARTFORD. In the State of Connecticut,
on the Slst day of December. A. D. 190©.
and" for the year ending on that day; made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the requirements of sec-
tln CU of tne Political Code of said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of real estate owned by
th-« company $12,034,396 47
Amount of loans secured by bond
and mortgage on real estate 26.469.472 N
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks or ether market-
able securities as collateral 2.300 00
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken In payment of pre-
miums on policies now in force.... 763.S61 90
Casb market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company 23.C23.S10 JW
Amount of cash deposited In banks 828.974 00
Interest due and accrued..'. 980.591 II
Rents due and accrued 21,24$ 03
Net amount of premiums in process ; " * ;
of collection, and of deferred
premiums .'. 322.521 35
Total assets •...¦164.965.176 IS
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid. J 33,143 50
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments in process of adjust-
ment, or adjusted but not due 175, 894 00
Claims resisted by the company — 33,21133
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the combined experience
tables 'of mortality, with four per
cent Interest 56,321,153 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders 977,966 IS
All other liabilities 227.448 71
Total liabilities ...$57,773.827 71
INCOME. — — -
Cash received for premiums on new
policies during the year $ 412,504 81
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year 4,649,647 31
Cash received, for sale of annuities 23,913 44
Cash received for interest 2,553.197 7S
Cash received for rents 407,481 19
Cash received from all other sources 793 00
Total Income % 8.047.536 33
EXPENDITURES. ~~ r '
Cash paid for losses and matured
- endowments - $ 4,316,395 13
Cash paid to annuitants 2,003 73
Paid for surrendered policies 549,445 98-
Paid for dividends to policy holders 1.305,439 23
Commissions paid to agents 390,479 67
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes. except
agents and medical examiners 138,588 31
Salaries and traveling expensea of
managers of agencies 23.249 80
Medical examiners' fees and salaries 23.913 23
Cash paid for taxes 392.099 69
Cash paid for rents 8.307 33
All other cash payments 413,870 63
Total expenditures during the .
year $8,083,392 37
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year.. $329, 943 23
Premium notes and other ' „
premium > obligations re-
ceived during the year.. 793 CO
Total $830,738 0
Deductions during the year, as f ol- '¦ !
lows:
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
in payment of losses and
claims $18,27118
Amount of notes and other ¦* .; s,
premium obligations used
In purchase of surren-
dered policies 5.193 87
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
• in payment of dividends
to policy holders 30,308 41
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations void-
ed by lapse of policies.... 1,120 00
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations re-
deemed by maker in cash 11,982 80
- Total reduction of premium-note
account $ 6S.S78 3S
Balance, note assets at end of the
year $763.86190
JACOB L. GREENE. President.
HERBERT H. WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13ta
day of February. 1901. NATHAN F. PECK.
Notary Public
A. K. P. "HARMON,
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT
Pacific Coast Agencies.
F R. NOYES. Gsneral Agent,
MILLS BUILDING, 1
San Francl.ico. Cal.
OCEAN TxtAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steam shin Co.
; Steamers ' leave Broadway
• fcjv" Wharf, San Francisco:
Kfjisw. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
l**3fxSSL_ June 30. July 5. Change tt>
ife^tS^O^S* company's steamers at Seattle.
! EHL I3I5\I£3 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
; l£gs£c;Hj£5i c - ) - Port Townsend. Seattle.
I ESyA-^fCnal Tacoma, Everett, Anacortas
I r wd New Whatcom (Wash.) —
T^'"- 11 a.' m., June 30, July 5, and
every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma for N. P. Ry.': at "Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt -Bay— 1:30 p. m.,
July 1, 6, 11. 13. 20. 23. 30. August 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los' Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m. ;
Steamer Corona. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara, 'Ven-
tura. Hueneme. San Pedro, East San Pedro.
•Newport (*Coo3 Bay only>— Steamer Coos Bay.
Saturdays, 9 a.m.; Steamer Bonita, Tuesdays,
9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each,
month.
*For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. "
TICKET OFFICE.— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL; PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
• - 10 Market st.. San FrancUco.
O.R.& N. CO.
Only Staunihlp Iilno to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH »nd MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails July 2. 12, 22, August 1. 11, SI. St
SS. GEO. W. ELDER '.
• Sails July 7, 17, 27. August 6. 16. 7»
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt. 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. Q
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck July 4]ColumDia July 15
Deutschland.i...July 11|F. Bismarck Aug. 1
Twin-Screw Passangjr service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HA^IBtntG.
Pretoria .July BjPatncla '.........July 20
•Phoenicia July 13IWaldersee July 27
. • ' "Sallsr to Hamburs direct.
Hamburg-Amerlcpn Line. 37 rf-way. N- Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California street.
C0MPAOHIB GENESALS TRAK3ATLA5TI(HrS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42,
North River, foot of Morton street; La Cham-
pagne. July 4; La Gascogne. July 11: »La Nor-
mandie. July 18: La Bretaffne. July 25.
First class to Havre. J70 and upward. Second
Class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. ,F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S' NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.'
Steamers GEN. FRI3BIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. in.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except- Sun-
day. - Sunday. 9:13 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare so
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2. Missions, dock. HATCH BHOfi.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOKEo
To - Valparaiso, stopping- at. Mexican. I Central
and South American ports. • Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3, 12 m. • .
TUCAPEL .July 6 ACONCAGUA ..July 25
AREQUIPA ....July lOlPERU August 7
1 - These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral , and . South American - passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) t Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
-.BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents. ;
Cabin, $105; Steerage, *W.
S.S. Lee!anaw soils Mon -Uy, July 15
*>. S. Argyll sails Monday, Aug. 12
S. S, Leelanaw sails Mon lav, : Aug. .6
¦ .From Sea Wall : (Section ¦ 1) at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st
<; F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PANAMA R. R. ST
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT,
Tuesday, August 8.-10 a. m.
J. D. SPRECXELS k BROS. CO., Binerai Agents, 327 Harkst St
Gcn'l Passenger Offics, 643 Market St., Pier Ho. 7. Pacific St
SS. ZBALANDIA (Honolulu only)
- Wednesday. July 3. 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA (via • Honolulu), for Samoa, .
New Zealand and Australia - .
. ...; Thursday.' July 11, lOa.-'m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti....
oceanic s.s.to. Baasa
. San Mateo ; County. ,*.".:\
OFFICE 916 MARKET, STREET.
J. HENDERSON. : Manager.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. .».
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
Ean Francisco. 33 Post St.— For the half year
ending June 30th, 1901. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after MONDAY, July 1st, 1901.
GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Cali-
fornia st.. corner Webb— For the half year
ending with the 30th of June 1901, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per annum
of three and tlx-tenths (3 6-10) per cent on
term deposits and three (3) per cent' on or-
dinary deposits,- free of taxes, payable on
¦ and after Monday. July 1. 1901. '
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st.— The directors have declared a div-
idend of 3>4 per cent per annum on its depos-
its, payable on and after July 1. 1901.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
ending with June SO, 1901," a dividend has
betn declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3%) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Monday, July 1, 1901.
GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
ciety, 526 California St.— Fpr the half yearVETERAN., SOLDIER AND PIO
NEER WHO PASSED AWAY IN
THIS CITY YESTERDAY.
A. C. Campbell made a. direct charge
before the Board of Public W r orks yester
day that there is a "coal ring" In, this city
for the purpose of controlling the furnish
ing of coal to the city. Campbell began by
charging that the specifications
arranged that a certain firm alono can
get the contracts. He was sharply called
to order by Colonel Mendell, who asserted
that the" Board of "Works was" capable of
managing its affairs without- ¦ dictation
from Campbell. The coal contract was
then awarded to Thomas Morton at $9 per
ton. A number of other contracts were
awarded, and in some instances at prices
less than those secured by the Board of
Suoervisors.
Charges Existence of Coal Hing.
The Old Friends will hold a celebration
next Sunday at Glen Ellen, account of
the new home to be dedicated at that
point. The California Narthwestern Rail
way will name 51 for the round trip from
San Francisco. Purchase tickets at
Tiburon ferry. Boat will leave at 8 a. m.
Old Friends' Celebration.
Lookout Witness Will , Be Held.
The Supreme ; Court . yesterday denied
the .writ of habeas corpus sued out for
the release of Albert C. Col burn, a wit
ness against the Modoc County lynchers.
Colburn's testimony before the ! Grand
Jury was thought by the lynchers to bode
111 for the accused and he was ordered out
of the country by the lawbreakers. He
attempted to escape, but was arrested and
imprisoned. The action of the court de
tet mines that he must be Jbeld to furnish
the desired evidence.
President Burt of the Union Pacific, who
arrived recently from the East, came over
from Oakland yesterday and was closet
ed for several hours with President Hays.
Mr. Burt refuses to talk on railroad mat
ters. He said yesterday that he expects
to remain here several days and will then
go to Los Angeles accompanied by Chief
Engineer Berry of the Union Pacific.
The Southern Pacific Railroad ticket of
fice on Market street will sell on. Sunday
the largest number of overland tickets
ever sold in the history of railway busi
ness in one day. Four • thousand soldiers
will purchase* tickets to the East and
South and a special staff of clerks has
been ordered to be on hand for the oc
casion. The Sub-Treasury will be opened
specially for the soldiers at 10:30 a. m.
and tickets will be sold from noon until
midnight at the railroad office. Spe
cial trains will await the soldiers at
the Oakland mole and they will be
able to start East as late as 11
p. m. This is the first time that the sol
diers have received their money and left
for the East the same day.
George E. Miles, who was for a number
of years private secretary to the late C.
P. Huntington, will shortly arrive in this
city from New York and act in the same
capacity to H. E. Huntington. C. E. Gra
ham, who was H. E. Huntington' s secre
tary in this city, goes to New York" and
will look after the Huntington interests
in the Gotham city. Huntingdon leaves
for New York to-day and expects to be
gone five weeks. - While in^New York he
will receive his share of the Huntington
estate, which has not been distributed.
...-., . ..¦¦:..
The Call recently announced that there
would be a. shake-no in the accounting
department of the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company. It is now generally be
lieved that some important changes are
about to be made. Several officials in the
auditing branch of the service have re
ceived notices requesting their Immediate
appearance : at Omaha. They left last
evening, among- them being E. E. Holton,
ticket auditor with headcuarters in the
railroad building at the corner of Fourth
and Townsend streets. What the outcome
of their trip East will be is hard to say,
but the close affiliation of ..the Union and
Southern Pacific roads seems to point to
the fact that there will be a consolidation
of the Union and Southern Pacific ac
counting departments.
Clerks in Yellow Building
Are Apprehensive of a
Shake-Up.
Officials, of Auditing De
partment Summoned .
to Omaha.
RAILROAD MEN
FEEL NERVOUS
commissary on Monday. ,i\:-z>
The *nusterin?-out officers at the'Pre
f-idlo have about given up the idea of try-
Ing to -get all the volunteers out of the
service by July L It was proposed to at
tempt to muster out seven regiments Sun
day, but the plan has ; been abandoned,
and three of the regiments will remain in
the service for a few days' over the date
set by Congress for their discharge. The
Forty-seventh will be mustered out on
July 2. the Forty-first on July 3 and the
Forty-third on July 5. This will necessi
tate the passing of a deficiency bill by
Congress to provide for the payment of
the -troops for this overtime.
Contract Surgeons J. W. Curtis. Harry
Morrel, B. E. Himes. J. L. Norrls. M. O.
Fulcher, R. M. Thornburgh. J. F. Hadley
and W. I. Stevens, who have reported at
the army headquarters from Manila, have
been ordered home fo- annulment of con
tract. :.¦,..-¦•
has had charge of the camp commissary
department at the Presidio, has by reason
of the expiration of his volunteer commis
sion been relieved of his duties at the Pre
sidio. Major Mercer has been ordered to
report to the chief commissary of the De
partment of California for instructions. .
During Major Mercer's term of duty at
the Presidio lie has made an excellent
record as an oflicer of the commissariat.
The volunteers who have been encamped
£t the Presidio have every reason to be
thankful to Major Mercer for the care he
has taken to furnish them with many del
icacies which ihe ration bill of the army
does not stipulate should be provided the
soldiers. Many of the volunteers who
tame home frjm Manila were convales
cing from attacks of dysentery, and kin
dred diseases, and though not sick enough
to be sent to a hospital were in such a
state that ccarse army food would retard
their complete recovery. -.Such men were
the particular objects of • Major Mercer's
kind-heartedness.- -
Eggs "and plenty of fresh milk and but
ter were what the men wanted, and Major
Mercer saw that they got what to a sol
dier was looked upon as a delicacy.
Lieutenant Harry F. Rethers has been
named as -temporary successor to Major
Mercer, and he will assume the duties of
There will be little ceremony connected
with the transfer cf the department com
mand; The officers on duty at army head
quarters will assemble in full dress, be
introduced to ¦ the new? commander and
say farewell " to the departing- general.
Then they will resume their duties.
Major Carroll Mercer, commissary of
subsistence. United States volunteers, who
be relieved of the command of the De
partment of California by Major General
E. B. M. Young to-morrow at noon. At
that time General Shafter will be placed
upon the retired list of the United States
army. He leaves the service of Uncle
Sam with an enviable record made during
thirty-nine years of service as a regular
and volunteer officer.
Department Officers "Will
Witness the Ceremony
in Full Uniform.
Major General "William R. Shafter will
Major General Young
Will Assume His Du
ties To-Morrow.
SHAFTER RETIRES
SUNDAY AT NOON
TThe' Supervisors' Judiciary Committee,
reported yesterday in favor of designating
August 13,. 1901, as the day for holding the
primary election. From/and after 2 o'clock
will be declared a municipal holiday -for
the purpose of enabling citizens to cast
their ballots. . . . ,
Primary Election Set.
The only route having through sleeping
car service between' San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City.- . For full Information ask L.
M.: Fletcher, 212 California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited" .
Position Not Provided by Chartar.
-Horace Dunn, a member of the late
Grand Jury, sent a communication yester
day to the Board of Supervisors, together
with an excerpt from the final report of
vthe inquisitorial body, in which he calls!
attention to the fact that the charter doos
not provide for the. appointment of a su
perintendent physician in the City - and
County 'Hospital. Dunn also alloges that
Dr. Sussdorft does not devote his time ex
clusively to the duties ¦ of his office, but
attends to private practice outside of the
hospital. Dunn also calrs attention to the
recommendations for improving the condl
.tionsrat the hospital -.which are incorpor
-rrted in the r»»ort. , - . ,. •; *
Don't drink Jesse Moore Whiskey unless you
want the best.. ;. . ¦ ¦ •
Peter W. McGlade, who was convicted
on a charge of forging the John Sullivan
demand on the City Treasurer, appeared
for sentence in Judge Cook's court yester
day. Judge Burnett, who tried the case
was not present,': and as he would not- be
able to be in court for two weeks sentence
was postponed by consent' till July 13.
McGlade Not Sentenced.
held in Native Sons' Hall to-morrow aft
ernoon, beginning at 2 o'clock. Different
parlors throughout the State will deco
rate the graves of deceased members in
the forenoon. ¦ '
¦The arrangements ¦ for these services
have been made in accordance with the
action of the last Grand Parlor in set
ting aside the last Sunday in June for
such : tribute to the memory of deceased
Native Sons.
Following is the programme for the aft
ernoon exercises: , * .
Music by orchestra: address. Robert P
Troy; contralto solo. Miss Lillian Wilson"
invocation. -Associate Justice Garoutte
past grand president of the orders song.
California Quartet; reading of names of
deceased members. Charles A. Boldeman
barytone solo, J..G. Fraser; address Con
gressman Frank L. Coombs, grand presi
dent; song. California Quartet; eulogy
Judge "M. T. Dooling: benediction. Assch
ciate Justice Garoutte. ¦ ..
The committee of arrangements con
sists of Robert P. Troy, Charles A. Bol
deman. George J. Hans. W.H. Harrison
J.-H. Roxburgh and Bruce Cornwall.. „><
FIRST MEMORIAL DAY
OF THE NATIVE SONS
Graves to Be Decorated To-Morrow
Forenoon and Exercises to Be
Held in Afternoon.
Native Sons' memorial services will be
Special services In commemoration of
the Apostle" Paul will be held at the 11
o'clock mass In St. Mary's Church to
morrow. Father Henry Wyman will de
liver a sermon on the subject of "St. Paul,
the Model Preacher." /
Special Services at St. Mary's.
The White . Rats . of America ; had : a
scramble last evening in the second floor
dining-room of j the j Poodle- Dog. The
gathering was called for- 5 o'clock and
lasted until 7. About a score of < "rats"
were present and sat down to a'delightful
repast. The little dinner party was given
for a twofold purpose; to celebrate the
first anniversary of the order, and to. bid
adieu to the Henry Lee and Jar Rice
Company, which •. leaves , to-day for
Australia. / ¦ . . -.
Ezra Kendall was the big chief pro tem,
or as he described it, "a rat .with three
legs." He acted as chairman and toast
master and made everybody feel at home.
During the dinner he sang a catchy song
which was warmly applauded. Miss'Vin
cent followed with a clever coin trick that
took all the loose coin insigrht", "for'the
good of the order." She followed with a
splendid soprano solo. Frank ' Gardner
performed several card tricks that were
both new arid clever.
The party, broke up in time for every
body to strike the stage door without
being fined. Those present were:- Clay
ton White. Marie Stewart, Gardner and-
Vincent, Emily Lytton. Odell Williams,
Efcra Kendall, Richard Jose and wife, Al
len Shaw, Sisters Mahr, Mr. and Mrs.
Tobin,- Kelly and. Ashby. Mrs. Ashby,
Josephine Gassman and Chub Sullivan.
Enjoy It.
Score of Them Take Din
ner Together .and*
SCRAMBLE MADE
BY WHITE RATS
MAJOR WILLIAM SINGER, a
veteran of the 'Mexican war.
passed away at his residence in
this city last Thursday evening
at the advanced age of 89 years.
Deceased was born in Pittsburg, Pa.,
and entered the army In 1833. From that
time until 1850, v.hen he emigrated to Cal
ifornia with his family, he was in the ser
vice of the Government.
During, the preliminary stages of the
controversy between the United States
and Mexico Major Singer was called to
Washington, and jifter being given careful
instructions was^brdered to go to New
Mexico and California to investigate and
report on their resources. , .
With but a small force of about fifty
rather Inexperienced cavalrymen, new to
the tactics of border warfare, to guard
the $200,000 provided to defray the ex
penses of the proposed research from fall
ing into, the hands of Mexican guerrillas,
the major started. The little party met
with more than one thrilling and perilous
adventure, but on account of the caution
as well as the coolness which were among
the chief features of his character Major
Singer accomplished the mission intrusted
In many ways this has been an event
ful week in society, and the News Letter
has evidently been busy, judging by the
amount of new and readable matter, in
to-day's issue. The Looker On is offering
the best around town department In the
•West. This week it is packed with good
things to read— there are four pages of it
and not a dull line. Don't miss the "Town
Crier." It will interest you. Mrs. Chaun
cey De Wit describes the gowns worn at
the Scott-Martin wedding from the stand
point of an expert. "Ella Wilier .Wheel
cox" discusses the . army canteen and
Robert McTavish has some fine sketches
I^ady Algy's gossip is good— it is alwavs
good . ' . . . . •
To-Day f s News Letter.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
at 11 a. m. from the late residence. 143
San Jcse avenue, thence to Mount Olivet
Cemetery, where services will be held in
the chapel.
to him by the Government. His report
was carefully prepared and contained val
uable information. It would have been
recognized and appreciated more fully
when laid before Congress but for the fact
that the motive for the expedition and the
need of his report had then become sec
ondary in the course of politics. „
Shortly after his arrival in California in
1S50, Major Singer engaged in mining, but
his health failing he had. to retire from
that field. In 1S53 he went to Marysville
then a flourishing 'city, and in the fall of
the same year he was. elected Justice of
the Peace. He was re-elected to the same
office twice, and shortly thereafter was
elected Associate Justice of the County
Court of Sessions of Tuba County, to
which office he was re-elected to succeed
himself until the court was abolished In
1858 he was elected Mayor of Marysville
After his retirement from this office he
practiced law until he reached the age of
75 years, when he retired. .
William Singer Jr. of the Southern Pa
cific Jaw department is a son of the de
ceased pioneer.
Mr. Pollok will be succeeded at the
Palace by O. Rich, who has for twenty
years been connected with the Grand
Hotel. Mr. Rich is very popular with the
traveling public.
Hardly had the heads of departments
left when a delegation from the gentle
men's grill room of the Palace made their
.appearance. W. .B. Telschow, acting as
spokesman for , the party, made a few
pleasant remarks and presented Mr. Pol
lok with a handsome gold-headed cane.
Mr. Pollok was greatly affected, bui
managed to -voice his thanks for the grift
and his appreciation of the feeling which
prompted it.
During his absence in Europe, which
will extend over a period of six months,
Mr. Pollok will visit all the famous ho
tels of France, Switzerland, Germany
and Italy, or the purpose of gathering
such information and ideas as will prove
of benefit to him in the management of
the magnificent, caravansary he is to
have under his direction upon his re.
turn. Upon the completion of his trip
Mr. Pollok will return to San Francisco
and. will superintend the fitting up and
equipping of the Crocker.
as a* man. Yesterday morning the heads
of the various departments summoned
.the retiring buyer to their quarters,
where "Victor M. Reiter, maltre de hotel,
on behalf of his associates presented Mr.
Pollok with a handsome pair of binocu
lars, accompanying the gift with a few
well-chosen remarks.. Mr. Pollok replied
briefly, expressing the regret he felt at
leaving such pleasant associations.
The news of Mr. Pollok's resignation
was a source of much regret to those
who have been associated with him in
the Palace Hotel, and they determined
to show their appreciation of his worth
Allan Pollok, for the last nine years
buyer for the Palace Hotel and manager
of the catering department of the big
hostelry, severs his connection with the
hotel to-day and will leave next Friday
on a visit to Europe. On his return he
will assume the management of the
Crocker Hotel, to be erected at once on
the corner of Powell and Geary streets.
Double Surprise for Be
tiring Palace Hotel
Buyer.
ALLAN POLLOK
RECEIVES GIFTS
James J. Bean, machinist, resigned and
Jeremiah Fennell was appointed to the
place.
A report showed the cost of cleaning
Cnlnatown was $6452 95.
The salary of Head Steward Charles C.
Boucher of the Emergency Hospital was
raised from; $90 to $100 per month. Be
cause of the efficiency of the Emergency
Hospital clerk, Mrs. . Shelton, her salary
was raised from $60 to $75 Dor month.
The board adopted resolutions in which
exceptions are taken to the accusations
heretofore "publicly made by Governor
Gage against the board regarding the
placing of the Chinese district in a sani
tary condition. /The resolutions recite that
the Governor's co-operation with the Fed
eral and municipal authorities is a suffi
cient retraction of the unkind things said
by the State's' executive. • *
The board abolished the positions of
two clerks in the health office, and also
did away with the city vaccinator. The
saving in salaries effected is $325 per
month, while the increase by the crea
tion of new .positions amounts to $175 per
month. Twenty ward tenders at the Coun
ty Hospital were also appointed at a sal
ary of $25 per month each. Convalescent,
patients formerly held the positions and
were dismissed. • ?>: '
John A. Brown was appointed chief
food inspector at a salary of $150 perl
month; J. Williamson, dairy inspector, at I
$75; Thomas F. Ford, bakery, bath and
laundry inspector, at $75; J. T." Silvera,
dairy inspector, at $75; William H. Jor
dan, market inspector, at $75; Frank, T.
Fitzgibbon; assistant sanitary inspector,
at $100, and Edward M. Coffey was ap
pointed statistician at- a salary of $150, to
succeed John Brown, appointed chief food
inspector. -
C. TV. Miller, G. A. Weyer and William
E. Stevens were appointed as. the staff of
the new Park Emergency Hospital at $100
per month each. ; The hospital will be un
der the immediate supervision of Dr. Bun
nell, chief of the emergency hospital ser
vice.
Arthur W. O'Neill was appointed junior
resident- physician of the hospital at a
salary of $100 per month. •'
Dr. G. E. Suspdorff , superintendent of
the City and County Hospital, forestalled
his contemplated removal by the Board
of Health yesterday by presenting his res
ignation. ~ to "take effect on July 15. The
Hospital Committee of the board has been
desirous of dismissing Sussdorf for the
past six months, and Dr. McCarthy want
ed the resignation to take effect on July 1
instead of July 15. McCarthy contended
that the interests of the hospital demand
ed a change- in the management immedi
ately, but a motion to accept the resigna
tion to take effect July 15 was adopted.
John "N. Elbert, formerly- Chief Census
Marshal, was appointed to the position,
which, under the reorganization scheme,
is separated from that' of the medical de
partment. - •
to Dismiss Him.
Superintendent of a County
I Institution Forestalls Plan
J. N. Elbert Succeeds
Him as Head of
SUSSDORF SENDS
IN RESIGNATION
T±LJE SAN;,lTKAlfClSCy^CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 29, 1901.
Mexican War Veteran and Galifo^rni^n Pioneer
Passes Away After a Career of Usefulness.
MAJOR WILLIAM SINGER
DIES AT ADVANGED AGE
14
Verus cures piles or $30 reward. All up- !
to-aate druggists sell and Guarantee it •
RBBBBMHHlmt;
.L bppclallstr«r«f Blood Poison, Gonorrhceu.Glept.
frH&So* B^ mlllil1 Weatnes*. Impotence and thei7
allied Dlsorderu. Rook on Diseases of Men, frfi
9tp3dally ;6:30 to8. SOev'cu. Rand.iyji, 10 to 12. ConsnS
tationfreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
•JO^^Kcarny St., San Fraur.isco. Cal-
B A J A C A L. I FO R N I A
Damiana Bitters
ISA: GREAT KESTORATI VE. • IN VIGORA-
tor and Nervine. - . . ' .
' The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
• The ¦ Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th» Kld-
neya . and Bladder. ¦ Bells on its own merits.
NABER. AL.FS-& BRUNE, Agents.
. S23 Market st.;. 8. F.— (Send for Circulars.)'.'
i < , . . _
Corded Silk Wash Rib- j|^J|| ||l Luster Taffeta 11 Wash
• ' ¦ . . ¦ .¦+¦—
YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS:
REMARKABLE PRICES!
Sale in Muslin Wear. ' v A Chance to Buv
EN 'm b , RA ,> V E RS . m , ade of £°°d. Our$1.73 Quality LINEN CRASH OVER-
muslin, neatly tucked; on sale.... O^, • SKIRTS, made with full <£ 1 ¦ f\
¦-••••. ••••• «JW Ripple Flounce; on sale at.. «? 1 • 9 c9
-""TITCH^DSg^'lao'S; 19C ,°» r« "NEN OVERSK.RTS 4^
tw nf ' aCe f, ?n d J P 3eriio ™}«il so Embroidery Insertion, others mad "plain
' yo^Tr choice 1 " o°/a e il $ B ° ValU6S ~ 98C & \V^ m \^^ Flounce; close them
your cnoice or all C/O» «/ . O ut to-day at 30 per cent less than resu-.
WOMEN'S WHITE SKIRTS; cut- wide. . larnrices. S
•' trimmed with Torchon^ Insertion and Our -$1.50 COVERT CLOTH rvp*
pickings and edged. with deep ruffle of . OVERSKIRTS at >1 " H5C
Torcnon Lace to match and Insertion; : vvw
• regular price $1.25; ou sale to- OPT,-. U • ' r*
day ooc Hosiery Day.
EN 'S CAMBRIC CORSET COVERS. WOMEN'S r EL ACK LACE HOSE-vou
IffiS^S o^p^e.?. 1 ?^^ ftw -—--25c
.on sale to-day....................... IOC. WOMEN . g ; black'" mBBED ¦ m"b
\\t ' ' ••- .'««/ . '.- ¦ *;>; ..." FINISH HOSE: our 33c qual- t f\ _
Women's Waists. -: "y; io -^y ••••••-• S9c
We have them arain. all sizes., .made of C S I ri I^ REN ' S HEAVY or FINE RIBBED
White . India vLlnen, front of all over '. HOSE: our regular 2oe quality; ¦ | «-.
Lace, sold elsewhere QQ,, • on sale ........Pair ItlW
$2, again on sale to-day... t/OC _ J '-.'"V
WAISTS of best " Percale, : tastefully ItertlS Ol Interest.
|^^gag^^: 45c
•" r: A 4-U \l/ • 'o . day af.. ...SpJj.SSO
Anotner Wrapper bale. women-s accordeon pleated un-
Only about .10 dozen , to sell; Women's s^nulntv^ vST' colorln^ s: S9C
Percale Wrappers, effectively trimmed, : quality, on sale O£7V^
all colors and sizes; our regular /}(;» BUMMFR TV EIGHT WOMEN'S UNDER-
price Jl; on sale to-day .....: O9C . WEAR, White or Ecru; various styles.
We plaee on sale our regular J2 C5 FANCY lncludlns low neck no sleeves, high
- DIMITY WRAPPERl! 11 beautiful color- ¦ C roche? ng a nd 1 J" k
¦. !^?:.^!..^!:.:?;. d ! y .v;: .. $ 1 .39 f "™ 25 ° ' "«c^n^SS:...SS J 5c
•- •¦ :. . •••••••••••••• - Light weight Sleeveless Vest3. all colors;
CorS a t~DfiV •' sold elsewhere 25c;. our price | Ol^>
-To-day we'll make it worth your time to- -25c CHILDREN'S SUN BONNETS 15c
-.visit o-Jr CORSET. DEPARTMENT. ' EOc CHILDREN'S .SUN . BONNETS "35c
Among the many bargains we're selling 75c CHILDREN'S -POKE BONNETS COe
Thompson's glove-fitting .strairht front $1.00 CHILDREN'S POKE BONNETS .
. MILITARY CORSET— lisht weiarht-our or HATS 75c
$l.o0 quality; on sale at.... fl?1 ilfl $1.60 CHILDREN'S POKE BONNE'TS
. ••••• tj)l»yy or HATS 08c
OPEN TO-NIGHT UNDL I! O'CLOCK-
1212-1214 MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN TAYLOR AND JONES.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Granulated Best Cane Sugar. 20 lbs. . .$r.0O
To every purchaser of • Four Dollars'
worth of Groceries we will give 20 pound* -
nf Sugar ' for JU This offer la for Sat-
urday only.
Best Eastern L^Broa.' Brand Hams, Ib.l^c
Every Ham Guaranteed. Reg. 13c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .3*8
We handle the Best Creameries In the
city. Give us a trial and be convinced. "
Reg. 40c. . •'. ¦;¦
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, square. 30c
Now i3 the time to have your butter
. packed for winter;", advancing market. ""
¦ Reg. 33c. ¦ ' ¦¦¦; - ¦ . ¦ \
BEST: MISSION-EGGS^ dozen .'. i..v. : .20c
. -Limit 6 doz. - Reg. 23c.
MOCHA and JAVA, Our Best COFFEE, Ib.25c
.• Our patrons and friends say we have the '
.best coffee In the city. Reg. 35c
OLD PORT AND SHERRY: WINE, qi boi253
Vintage 1S33. Reg. 40c. Gal. 95c. regr. $1 50.
Sweet Cake3, Fig Bar, Co:oanut Taffy, Ib.lHc
Lemon Nic-Nacs. Reg. 13c and 20c.
FAIRBANKS' GOLD DUST, 3-lb pkg.,15c
Special Gold Dust Saturday only.
NEW. SEASON'S TEAS, h 40c
Six kinds. Reg. 60c and 73c.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, 50-lb. sack. .80c
Res. 9Cc sack.
IMPORTED HOLLAND GIN, Stone Jug. $1.25
Pure. ' Medicinal use. Iilmlt 1 Jug. '
Imported Sardine, Flag Brand, 3 cans. .25c
Reg. 12%c.
STRYKER'S KITCHEN SOAP, 7 cakes. . .25c
Best Sand Soap. Reg. 3c a cake.
CAMPERS' SUPPLIES.
Picnic lunches put up. We ship free of
charge within 100 miles on all orders ex-
ceeding $3.
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cakes . . . . 25c
Fine white. Reg. 4 cikes 23c.
BROMANGELON DESSERT JELLY, pkg.IOc
Limit 5 pkgs. Reg. 15c.
IMPORTED CASTILE SOAP, 3-lb lar. . .25c
Virgin Brand. Reg. 30c.
WEBB'S BREAKFAST COCOA, |-lb can. 122a
Regr. 20c. Limit 4 cans.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. Phone 3. 292. Xo Branch Stores.
Last of the Slaves.
Leons Tal Muey, a Chinese slave, was
ordered deported yesterday by United
States Court Commissioner Heacock. This
is the last of the cases created by the
Federal raid in Sullivan alley several
weeks ago. Twenty-one Chinese girls
were captured in that raid, and ten have
been ordered deported to China. Bert
Schlesinger. attorney for the woman, will
take an appeal.
r MrnimeiSun^y° ulin &
Ready-to-wear luxuries at necessity prices— and plenty of
them, bright and new. Things you want for your pleasure and
comfort to-morrow: '
First of all comes to our mind'
VellinS 9*
? T ". v ',^>- *-"-r-- 1500 yards of 18-inch veiling:, plain and
It is a novel idea and a dotted • Tuxedo mesh in black, white,
product of our own brown and black on white— veiling made
' workroom. It is a little to sel1 at 15c to 25c; marked now at-9c.
a^e'b^Ul^than Mousseline.de Soie 19c.
any we have seen at the* Worth 35c and 50c.
price— made of pique. -It Is a yard wide and comes m white,
tnnrlt-ae loiim Qnm» r*t cream, maize, lavender and two shades
madras, lawn, borne of of old « rose and three pastel shades of
them are plain and some green and black— a stuff usually sold at
figured. They, go twice 35c and 50c; marked here and now 19c.
arounti and are simply and quickly ffea/ Gei m Ulctf2
Tucked Satin Belts 68c. £*UtiDSlfflM$SN?&
A new style — we make it in our own mJJL_€l fitiir:
workroom. That's the reason why we It is a much better elove than you
show them ahead of anybody else. We b0 S t ril t } ; fell '&?&? than Jl-b^f %
caught the idea from a saropje sent matter the reason, they are here, and
out Thursday.. If we Rot them in !%& ?4o^LVS^«taSd2SWS2?
the regular way it would take weeks come in these colors and sizes:
to get them, and then we would have BiSt£Seft5?iE« and %
to sell them for $1.00. They are 3 Green— sizes 5%. 6. 6%. 7^ 7%.
inches wide and solidly tucked and iff^^S^^Bg^fo
clasped with a" metal buckle— G8c. White-sizes 5%, 6, 6%, 7, 7%.
Sale of Dusters* j
50c Ones for 35c. | *
Splendid ostrich feather dusters, full and good — 10 inches long,
thoroughly well made — you couldn't expect to get a better one v*
even at full price. We want to get more of you interested in our
downstairs store, so we've decided to mark them 35c.
Children's Dresses at 50c.
It isn't necessary to say much about them. We know what will happen
when we even tell you we've got them. These at half a dollar are made of
percale with raffles round the yokes and over the shoulders and finished
with fancy braid. They come in stripes and figures and in blues, pinks and
lavender- — 4 to 14.
Another particularly strong value to interest you: «
At 75c— Percale dresses with yoke, col- At $1.25— Dresses of striped Madras
lar and cuffs edged with white braid, 5l < i th x w 1 i th a I°H. ch of £*"« lawn on
ruffles around shoulders-blues and trlld-^ffle^n^^ th^yok^SS
I lavender — 4 to 12. over the shoulders.
Summer Suits for Girls— Of fine materials, 52.50, $3.45, $4.50 and $5.00.
¦^feSSg^S^fg ffis SPSS 1 - 111 a larse varIety of pattern3 and stylM -
Sale's:
pgjjpjestimflniais
, I- s^-jgTjj^j^isg^ have been
tL^fg^ft^pryrfs?^/^^^ writteo.— »
in an 7 by
some of the
- most distinguished and in-
tellectual people in tha coun-
try — testimonials that in
every case go to prove the
superiority of our glasses*
• over all others. The reason
for such testimony is that - '
our glasses invariably over-
come every defect of the
vision that is susceptible .to .
the correcting qualities of
glasses.
8TAKlJABDOPTjaiL€o..
217 Kearney^L- iai\ Franckca
" . ' ¦ — J^— m
lH We arc throwing a strong light upon shoe bargains to-day.
Bt In order to dispose of many small sizes 'and broken lots of
Kl Ladies'. Misses' and Children's and Men's Shoes, we are mak- i»
b3 * n?f tljlc ?:rreatest reductions that have ever been seen in the shoe* B
p| trade of San Francisco. During this sale we are also making sf
FM reductions on a great many complete lines. The following fif
3 prices speak for themselves: m
t|s Ladies' Finest Tan Chrome Kid, French heel. Button and f|a
'lw Lace Shoes, new and stylish, all sizes and widths — / f?2
B| Reduced to 32.50 Former price $ioo -~ -¦¦ • M
l|| Ladies* Finest Tan Chrome Kid,' French heel, Oxfords, new MS
Eg and stylish, all sizes and widths— '¦ SB
B Reduced to $2.35 Former prices $4.00 and $5.00 is
Mm Ladies' small sizes of Black Kid or Patent Leather. Button §9
Pf Reduced to 5Oc — irrespective of former prices. IS
Wl Broken lots of Ladies' Tan Chrome Kid. French and Leather 1H -
Wk heel Oxfords — Reduced to,50c. 19
M Ladies* Fine Black Oxfords, low heels — . Kg
|| Reduced to 5Oc ...Small sizes only. M
4|? Men's Fine Tan Russia Calf Lace, newest styles, full extension m|
£W sole, all sizes and widths-r Reduced to $2.85. ...Cheap at $4.00 Wi
Men's Fine Tan Russia Calf Oxfords, the latest fad. Our fa
9 $500 grade. All sizes an d widths— Reduced to $3. 65. ffl
11 Men's narrow width, fine hand-sewed welt Congress — ' ' » 3
Hi Reduced to $1.OO. . Former, prices $5.00, $6.00 and $7.00 " B
;¦'¦« Men's small size Congress and Oxfords — * Bm
g| Reduced. to 50c Foriner prices not considered. §§
Si MISSESAND CHILDREN, tl
S Misses' and Children's Fine Vici Kid, extension sole. Button H
Kg and Lace Shoes, new, stylish, strong and durable — h| "
|p Sizes 5 to 8, 91.O5; 8 l / 2 to io^, $1.35; n to 2. $1.6O. Jot
W Misses' and Children's broken lots of Tan and Black Shoes— §S
» Reduced to 91.00 Just the thing for outing. gf
gl Boys' and Youths' Fin e Black Satin Calf Shoes, strong and fl
H| durable, all sizes and widths— Sizes 11 to 2, reduced to 91.6O; H&
IBS sizes 2V1 to 6, reduced to $1.75. ' u&
Hale's.