¦conjugal saying most dinned,- jnto their-!
patient ears is "Kemain . virtuous Hk'e*
Khac'.ija." She was the famous'fjrst wife ;
'pt Mohammed. And 'as the- Prophet left 1
Ivhauija in seclusion . at home- while he"
iwent off to conquer the world .'with the;
'sword and. Jsl&m so . do. th,e.. ¦ M'Zabetes.
leave their spouses w-hiTe -they go : off on :
tfceir trading trips. When the husband" re-
turns, there is a great feast,' but in' a few
days he^departs on another expedition, so
the' lives. of the women are spent in. -air
must complete- isolation. ¦ ¦ . •'
In strong contrast with the lifeless ex
isteneer of < these women are the lives of
the women of Touareg 1 , the most emanci
pated-women ;I" have met in my travels,
around the world. Their moral, mental
and physical freedom lift them far above
the women— of- -the — ad-jacent tribes. ,On
first meeting them you are most, struck
by the fact that they' are vastly superior
to their desert sisters, being clean, care
ful, intelligent and educated. They .bathe,
and if you. have traveled among the Ori
entals, you- know that that, fact in itself
is a very distinguishing- mark. ¦ They . tcre
not only tidy about their persons', but
their houses' are kept fresh and clean— in
fact, cleanliness is one of. the cardinal
virtues of th3ir,,tribe. -The* women can
read, a tulent unheard /of among . .the
neighboring ' tribes.- They study ,,the
Koran, the poetry, songs and legends of
their and teach their daughters.
Strangely enough, it is not considered
necessary to teach the sens, so -they arc
left to jrrow up in ignorance. \
I wondered; if .there was astute fore
thought- in -thisr-if- the- women -realised'
their ¦power/ .would w-ah'^ with- the* edtica-"
tion.cf the men: I- asked "sereral 'of the
womeA, buC they only smifed and- adroitly
turned niy question. But when I. spoke"
to the men of tb«.-ir condition they.an
swered, '.'Ah, tte women-are so quick to
house, and based a refusal to pay upon
the validity of -this .apt. As the statute
was still on the books the Judge was
obliged to acknowledge its foree.
... ."..-...-. — —-, — ~+~± -
"The most recent triumph of. the French
postal- administration is an ingenious little
machine : which no,t only automatically
weighs. letters and samples, but records ont
an .indicator' at the side the amount-re
quired for'stamps. When the article .de
posited on the balance exceeds*the regula
tion weight the indicator promptly hoists
the sign, "Too heavy."
forth during their husbands' absence, un
less ip is to visit the house of a dying rel
ative or to go to the cemetery. _;On" such
occasions they swathe themselves, in." a.
thick woolen veil, through which it is
impossible to . see. or.be seen-. A slave
leads them. ' " . ; (. ;
' They* live at home calmly, .peaceably,
arns in loneliness and isolation like Kadija,
the vi.ritra.Ue mother of Believers. The
The place where 1 was most roughly
treated by the women was among the
M'Zabetes. They represent the. lowest
rung on the Saharaji ladder of emanci
pated women, in fact they are practically
shut-in-woiuen. Most of them are tall,
stout and rather good looking. The well
to do among- them simply eat, sleep and
vegetate. They -consider themselves toe
dignified to sing and dance, those pleas
ures being reserved for their slaves
Their husbands are the speculators Of the
desert and never take their wives along
on their trading, expeditions but -leave
them "shut in" in their windowlessrtufCy
houses. The women never dare venture
To return to the women of the Sahara.
We tarried among the tribes of the
Cbaamla, Larboa, Said Otba, Olued-Nizi
and the And the farther
desertward we went the more advanced
the women were in their emancipation
Jnm the control oi men.
Four of our men had lost .-their- liver'
while only three of the Aa-sassins had
l>ien killed. The rest had fled, glad to
escape with their lives instead -of the
bovty they had hoped to capture. We had
fceveral smaller skirmishes with the As
sut-Fins but no lives were~Tost.
Our men were firing now, and I saw
the red gush out on an Arab's brawn
breast. A revolver shot rang out at my .
very elbow, and the black giant swayed,
but only for a second, and then with
gnashing teeth he tugged at his triss'er.
"My God," said a farmiliar voice and a
sickening ff-ar blinded my eyes. "On'y a
chip off my shoulder," cime in rea sur- .
ing tones from my husband. And then I
must have fainted, for when I opened my
eyes again a handsome "'Arab'- w-,i-»
stretched a few yards from me, his eyes,
with the death stare in them, looking
weirdly out under the green turban. I
shut my eyes and when I could summon
courage to look up again" * my, husband
was moistening my parched lips and
cooling my fevered brow.
another boulder I saw a fine featured
Arab with a^ black - pointed beard an 1
green turban wound around his head.
They sprang over the boulders, four
others following in their wake, waving
their arms that gleamed with flashing or
naments. Hov picturesque, I thought,
when something whizzed close to my
head and brought home the realization
that this was not enera comique but
might prove a tragedy'.
A queer English law, called the "tippling:
act of, 1751/* provides . that ail innkeeper
cannot recover for - debts for liquor
air.onntlngto'more than $5. .The son of an
eminent English' throat .specialist lately
ran up a bill of $-50 at an English public
kets gleaming in his ears. From behind
WHEX my husband and I were
preparing for our journey
through the Sahara our friends
in England remonstrated and
predicted certain death for us.
Indeed, -we ourselves must confess that
¦we did not realize the dangers that beset
that sun-parched march through a land in
fested with robbers and ccuntless other dif
ficulties. But now that it is over we would
-not trade our unusual experiences in the
Sahara for all the comforts and delights
of the more traveled highways.
ICaturally I was more interested in the
condition of the women among the vari
ous tribes we encountered than in any
other feature of the journey. "What do
you "advanced women" think of a coun
try where the women order and command,
preside at Councils, conclude peace, decide
war, travel alone, inherit a husband's ef
fects, titles and prerogatives, to the ex
clusion of his children and male relatives:
where the mothers and daughters study
the literature of the land, while the-hus
bands aad sons are left in ignorance; a
coirf.'ry -where the, men do the wash iris,
sewing, cooking and ordinary household
drudgery, even to minding the babies.
And, wonder of wonders, a country where
xna;i must hide his face, while 'woman
goes unveiled' A land where the men
ere practical! y "shut in" and the women
as free as the birds of the air. Susa-n B.
Anthony. Anna Shaw and their fervid fol
lowers probably do not know that such
an Elysium is down on the map. This
"woman's land" is in the country of the
Touareg, in Southern Algeria. It is pleas
ant and peaceful enough when once
reach<v3, but. like the contest of the "ad
vanced" woman to roach idt-al emancipa
tion, it is an arduous journey to get there.
It must be dene by caravan, and the in
tervening way is filled with trackless
¦wastes, days of blistering heat, with now
end then prowling "resouts" (robber
banes) to make life uncertain but inter
esting.
Oi' course, we never cculd have accom
plished the had we not joined a party
of M'Zabete merchants with a strong
escort. I was the only woman in the
party, but the friendly Arabs were uni
formly courteous to ae. Our experience
¦with the Assassins, relics of the band
founded by that infamous Hassan ben
Sabbah. the one-time friend of the im
mortal Omar Khayyam, was the only one
that almost prcved fatal. One night we
had pitched lent in the shade of an oasis,
and were preparing our evening meal
camel's mfat soup, dried dates, camel's
milk and bread mixed of barley flour and
•w?ter — an atrocious repast that with
scarcely any variations was our daily
fare. We prepared to make ourselves
as comfortable as possible when suddenly
from among the rocks came the shrill
whistle of bullets. A palm leaf fell on
my head. The Assassins were giving us
notice cf their approach. We prepared
a defense by putting the camels, with
their knee tethers on them, between the
palm trunks. Theie w«±s it soft thud and
a camel laid its long neck along the
ground and closed its eyes. We knew
enough of the "resout's" methods to feel
sure they would not rush us until they
were sure of their prey. A bullet passed
through a pan of barley water, making a
tremendous noise, and then the first shout
came from the rocks above. j
1 lay there behind a camel, more fas
cinated than fearful. There was some
thing- weird -and uncanny to- know that
up there among the rocks were the rob
bers, who minute by minute were draw
ing closer to us. thoug-h .as yet we had
not caught a glimpse of them. The liring
had begun at a distance of some hundred
yards, which put it out of the question
for us, with our lighter weapons, to
make any reply to It. Had our antago
nists continued to keep that range we
would have been hopelessly, lost, but.for
tunately the desert Assassin has never
taken kindly to the rifle, and it is his
primitive instinct to close with his en
emy. Slowly they drew in and -now for
the first time 1 caught sight of a face
peering: over a rock. . It was the huge
head of a black ruffian- with silver trin-
y< yt K. AND MRS. WALTER
\( \j\ KULLIXS have just passed
V. "* I through San Francisco en
¦* route to Australia. Sir. and
Mrs. Mullins are globe-trotters -who
have penetratsd into untravelecl
nooks and corners -where the or
dinary "guide-book"' tourist nev?r
ventures. Mrs. Mullins has cara
vaned over the shifting Sahara and
studied the manners ami customs of
the desert women. She has written
the following- interesting account of
her adventures for the Sunday Call:
.. consists mainly o£ root -vegetables, un
': leavened breifd and very little fiesb.. foods.
. Plain living, they say, makes a strong
, . . race. >
"""" ' ""-Arid 'fhe 'T6uare"s - race ' 15 decidedly
strong— especially"" the women. They
.¦*"« coul.l give hints "to, the strong-minded
wemen of more advanced races.
Tear.i. They know in inuch about every
thing.. They say.it is b.est to teach only
the girls: so !t'. it ho for the women are
'.ever ¦•vise in their jud^m^nts. We were'
.made only to protect them, ani our
lances are,' always- ready for their ene
mies." " ;
The women of the Touareg are the most,
daring riders I have ever .seen. They
I travrl along on the ?>ac-k o£ the fleet Me
hari. and can go grekt distances. To see
them galloping *swi illy along, their bright
f',ni mated brown faces unveiled, is in re
froshinjr. centrist t» the other inanimata
. veiled women of th^i Sahara. The Toua
rfg-women are as free as the air they
breathe— not only tae equals -but the su
ptriors in 'their tribe.- Tiiey declare war
and conclude peace, though the husbands
do the righting itself. They preside in the
councils and their wishes decide all ques-,
. tior.s. If a husband dies the wife be
comes the head of the family,- and if ha
has been a military leader she even in
herits that title and the power that ac
companies it, though in most cases she
delegates t"he power to some well known
fighting, chief.
The women of the Tnuareg have learned
some-thing of the wisdom of life. They
do their be'st and iet worry take wings
and rotfst elsewhere. They, love nature,
though on the deseit she shows the unap«,
.'- pr«eiative traveler only the blistered side
of her face. But I have heard the Toua
regs' sing a song.every line of which shows
their love and -understanding of the won
deffuj [ desert. ' The'J- try to lead natural
: lives land' their food is very simple. It
in constant D^nsgr .©f
the Mli^i worpeh-
OVER THE
SHIFTING
SAHARAwas only a step across the Basilian
Straits to the string of islands that stretch
across the sea to the bis island of Borneo
and form the territory of his magnificent
Excellency the Sultan of Sulu.
/That rival of the sun, the Sultan of
Sulu. got up one morning about six
months ago feeling very much out. of
sorts. He may have been bilious, he may -
not have slept well; anyhow, things
seemed to go wrong -from the moment he
got cut of bed. The first news he received
was that a batch of slaves had escaped in
a Singapore trader. Then came the t'd-' .
ings that the Tapavi pirates had seized a
giant proa on the way to Sulu with gifts,
tribute and taxes from the island of Sa
bate. This was too much for his Imperial
Highness. He couldn't catoh the Singa
pore trader, and if he did he might get
into trouble' with a, British or American
man-of-war, but with a little persistency
he could catch those pirates. In that i
event every civilized power would pat him
on the back for takins a whack out of a. r
pirate and say he was getting up to date
and earning his pay from Uncle Sum. Be- .
sides, the Sultan very much wanted to r
recover the original gifts, tribute and
tcxea from the pirates, together with
whatever loot * his enterprising- officers
might capture in their village.
The Sultan had had his eye on this same
nest of pirates for some time and had fig
ured out that it would be a very profitable
business stroke to exterminate and sack •
the village of such a successful lot o£ un
conscionable looters.
So the Sultan ordered out several of h.'s
best lighting vessels and told the com
manding officers to bring back the -head's,
of the pirates, together with their treas- ' "¦ ¦
ures, or prepare themselves for punish- ¦/
ment. - _ •':'.'••¦
The pirates' nest was in. a land-locked
cove, magnificently situated for;' defense.
A narrow, winding channel led : . through-'.
the treacherous coral reefs to the -small
river bay. The island .itself pvas _ ."'distant ;• .
from the regular routes of vessels.'and'no'" -'
navigator would have . suspected the har
bor entrance unless he had been feeling -
along the coast verjv^lose^ inshore.^ The ...
cove not only' was defended by^prods but .
two forts near the shore mounted several
four. and six pounders. The guns were"
somewhat out of date, but very useful iii
case of an attack by natives.
On the land side the pirates had run a .
line of ramparts around their entire vil
lage. It was stiffened by three forts, like
wise outfitted with several small cannon.
The Sultan's officers through old-time
deserters from the camp had a fairly good
idea of the layout of the pirate village.
They knew better than to attempt to.
reach it by the channel. Bright and early
one day they sent four fighting proas as
¦ a decoy to engage the attention of the
pirates. There were seven pirate proas
in the bay; they were speedily got under .
way and n^oved out cheerfully, to meet the
attack. Meanwhile the crews and sol
diers in five other proas had been disem
barked and marched around to the attack
on the land side. Within an hour the land
and water forces on each side were ham
mering hard at each other. . The guns
blazed out and the obsolete old cannon
roared and made lots of smoke. Some of
them burst and killed as many among the
defenders as among the enemy, but
neither side minded such accidents in the
fury of the engagement. "Stinkpots"
Yf OHX J. BAXTER is just back from
I the Philippines and Spice Islands
\ with a stirring stor^' of hairbreadth
J adventures in an effort to recover
a lot of treasure buried by a band
of South Sea pirates. The rendezvous
of these pirates in the Sulu archipelago
¦was surprised" and razed by the Sultan's
orders several months ago. Nearly all
the cutthroats were exterminated. One
American adventurer. Clifford Peters,
was instrumental in aiding? one of • the
pursued sub-chiefs. In return, the pirate
• told him where the treasure" was buried.
Later on Clifford Peters was badly
wounded, in a Penang resort, and be
fore he died he told the secret to his
friend Baxter. Baxter declares he could
walk straight to the treasure if a half
score of vigilant Malay pirates did not
stand in the way. These pirates do not
know exactly where the cache is, but
they know it is close to a certain spot,
and they are deadly determined that no
one but themselves shall capture it.
Baxter would have interested Luzon par
ties in trying to lift | the loot, but he
¦was afraid that any crew signed there
-would prove as treacherous as the pi
rates, so he determined to return homo,
get friends to stand in with him and
outfit a suitable vessel, properly manned.
As he puts it:
J "I am dead certain that I can get the
treasure if I have the right kind of men
.to help me. and I don't want to take
'any risks of losing it, once I have got
it on shipboard. That's' the reason I
have come to this country to get equip
ments." .
Baxter is a comparatively young man.
me entered the University of Callforn'a
Jas a special, and left just before the
Spanish war. went into business in the
local agency of an Eastern tirm, and
soon after the war was dispatched to tho
Philippines to ascertain the chances of
developing- trade there. He is a careful,
ghrewd fellow, and never allows himself
to be carried outside the regular chan
nels of business into speculative realms.
Cent per cent is his motto. That is why
his friends declare that there must be
a goodly amount of treasure buried in
the alleged place, else Baxter would not
be wasting his time and money in set
ting up a company to go after it. Cliff
Peters was really the first white man
who located the pirate treasure. Peters
was a. rough-and-ready adventurer, a
relic of the spirits of swashbuckler daya,
a man who would have been conspicu
ous had he lived in the venturesome, days
of Raleigh and Drake. Baxter first, met
Peters in a preparatory school here. At
that time he was planning to go to the
university, but a school chum, whose
father had a cattle ranee in Arizona bore
him south on a vacation.' Thereafter
schoolboy days were ended for, Peters.
The free life of the range was too much
for his spirits. He drifted over the Mex
ican border, then drifted out of sight for
several years, till one day several of his
friends bumped into him packing his
stuff over the. Chilkoot pass in 'the " first'
wild stampede for the Klondike; He was
ttill the same Pe'ters, full of adventure
and devil may care, out for anything. He
roamed over Alaska, and experienced all
the ups and downs of a man who is just
missing a fortune.
When the Spanish war came he was off
to the Philippines, but not as a soldier.
Peters always declared he would never
sign a contract to work for Uncle Sam
or any other man for a year or more. He
always wanted to be his own boss, besides
he thought there was more money to be
picked up in the wake of the army by a
man who had his wits about him. Gen
eral Otis and his subordinates made it
warm in and about Manila for Peters and
his ilk, but Peters didn't mind that. He
was after a big clean-up, and he knew it
was somewhere in the Philippines, and all
that was required was a little time and
patience to locate and lift it. But pres
ently Manila got too hot for Peters and
he started again on his drifting, this time
along those seductive currents that wind
in and out among the thousand and one
captivating South Sea Islands. From
Luzon he wont to Palawan, then to Iloilo
and thence to Mindanao. From there it
Where "ignorance is' bliss a harvest
awaits the coming of the green goods
Many a man who boasts of being self
made is In reality the product of a good
wife. . : ¦ :¦/['¦', 14'&
"Can't you lend me $5?" asked the new
subscriber, entering the sanctum. "No"
replied the editor, gruffly. "Paper not do
ing much, eh?" retorted the baffled bor
rower. "Well," said the editor, pointed
ly, "we're holding our own." j
¦:: : •
fiTv? N "insular . dollar" is'..- urgently
/lA\ wanted in the Philippines,' where
ii AS the Mexican . dollar is getting so
¦ -scarce as to J interfere : .with busi
ness. If Congress authorizes such' si. coin
¦it will resemble the Mexican' dollar, will
be of the same ; value andwillbc redeem
able; for 50 cents in gold, j , .Thus it \ will
find its way.', readily .Into .circulation .and
Will put the archipelaso.on-a gold basis.
¦ Of course- it will . bo minted in ¦ Philadei -
phia, -where all , tho out-of-the-way coins
that Uncle. Sam turns out are made. Our
Job Work Done at
Uncle Sam's
Mint.
Government stamps many a queer pieco
of money.- that v nobody • in this country
ever, sees, arid the job. work at the,- Quaker
City mint includes ' some of these 'con
tracts. For example, last year that in-
stitution manufactured 329,000 gola pieces
for Costa Rica, the denominations being
5 colons, 10 colons and 20 colons. A colon
is 46^2 cents. . : '
• /.Uncle'Sam advertises to do job .work of
this kind for any nation that chooses to
employ him, but his customers are the
minor republics in the Western Hemis
phere. He gets a:l the contracts they
have to give out. because-he charges only
net cost/attending to, the business merely
for the sake of friendliness. 1 ?' Just, what
his. customers pay him nobody can pos
sibly find out.— Saturday Evening Post-
The Process of
Manufacturing
Rubber Bands
£=ij=3HE little elastic rubber band that la
I nowadays used in various businesses
ii in place of twine seems a simple sort
. hing, but there are few if any
of the multitudinous articles made out
of rubber for which there is such an enor
mous demand, especially In the United
States," remarked a wholesale dealer in
rubber bands In New York to the writer
the other day. "In this country the num
ber of rubber bands sold in one year
amounts to about 400,000 gross, or 57,000.000
single bands. At least GO per cent of the
goods are made in New York and the rest
are produced in factories located in New
Jersey and New England. In New York
there are a half dozen factories devoted
partly or exclusively to the manufacture
of rubber bands.
"The process by which the bands are
made is simple. The rubber in a liquid
state is molded into tubing of sizes suita
ble for forming the small and medium
varieties of bands. When the tubing Is
ready for use it is put into a rapid run-
ning machine having knives, which cut
or slice the rubber into bands. The Iarg
er*bands are cut by machinery from flat
sheets of rubber and joined together with
the aid of heat and a pressing machine.
"Rubber bands are made in only two
colors, black and brown. They range In
size from one-cuarter of an inch to six
Inches in length. The smallest bands are
one-sixteenth of an inch wide and the
largest are one and a half inches wide.
The smallest bands are worth 24 cents
per gross, while the medium sized bands
sell at from 48 to 96 cents per gross whole
sale. Larger sizes cost from $1 up to $8
per gross.
','The greatest consumers of rubber
banda are druggists and grocers. They
use the smallest and medium sized bands
in place of twine for putting up small
Packages.
A Spider That
was devoted
to Music
<y» N astonished but apparently satte-
II \\ fled spider was one upon which a
iTT- V gentleman recently made an ex- ¦
periment. The result of his in
vestigations is told in Public Opinion as
follows:
r "While watching some spiders one day
! t occurred to him to try what effect the
sound of a tuning fork would have upon
them. He had a strong suspicion that
they would take; it for the buzzing of a
fly. Selecting a large, fat spider that had
long been feasting on flies, he sounded the
fork and touched a thread of the spider's
web.
"The owner was at one edge. of his web
and the" thread selected was on the other
side. Over his wonderful telephone wires
the buzzing sound was conveyed to tho
watching spider, but from his position ho
could not tell along which particular line
the sound was traveling. f
"He ran to the center of the web in hot
haste and felt all round until he touched
thethread against the other end of which
the fork was sounding. Then, taking an
other thread along with him as a precau
tionary measure, he ran out to the fork
and sprang upon it.
"At this point he found out his mistake.
• He retreated for a short distance, an-1
stopped to survey this new buzzing crea
ture which should ; have ". been a fly, but
was strangely unlike any Insect he had
ever seen. At length, apparently con
vinced that the object at the outer edge
of his web was more suitable for amuse
ment than for an article of diet, he got on
it again and danced with pleasure. It was
evident ; that the sound of the fork was
music to him.". . ,'¦¦'/.
¦ •-.•¦' ' ' \
A Monkey Whose
Sagacity Was
Not Rewarded.
SOME remarkable stories 6i the sa
gacity and intelligence of monkeys
aTe frequently told in the brokers*
offices and other places of resort
of the old sailors who have voyaged to
southern waters.
"It was in the year 1S^2 when I was
cabin boy on the English brig Glenmore,"
saiil one the other day. "The captain had j
a. pet monkey, which he had obtained
from some island ofE the coast of Japan.
The little beast was a remarkably intel
ligent animal and the evidences of its fer
tile brain were many. '
"One day. while cruising off the north
coast of Australia our first mate was tak
ing our reckoning of latitude and long!-,
tude. He had the sextant upon the top of
the aft cabin. The monkey, after carefully
observing every move for a while, seized
the instrument and ran up aloft with-it.
Perched in the rigging he amused himself
by imitating the actions of the mate..-'
"As no reckoning had been taken for
several days we did not know just where
we were, and as the shoals in the. sur
rounding waters were very dangerous the
loss of the sextant would be a heavy one.
Both the captain and mate knew that to
go up after the beast would be to cause
him to throw the sextant either upon. the,
deck or into the water, so it was decided
to wait his leisure. After several min
utes of 'monkeying' with the instrument
he seemed to tire of the sport and came
leisurely down and placed -the- sextant
upon the cabin top in the same position
from which he had, taken it. Everyi one
on board breathed freely again, but as
the monkey looked up* to receive the ex
pected approbation of his master he met
a great disappointment."— Baltimore Sun.
Clothes Ssems.
to Have Been
Their Ruin.
REDUCED by disease and famine to
the mere remnant of a 'tribe, two
score Cocopah Indians, with their
squaws and fifty puny, sulf ering
children, crossed the Mexican side of the
international line, below Yuma, a 'few
days ago. With no land to call their own
the little band had been practically driven
from the civilzation that had fumed
them. * f ¦ I
Less is known of the Cocopahs than of
any^ other tribe in North America. In
1GS9 r- Father Rodriguez visited them and
described' the men s.s being of extraordin
ary size. They have always persisted in
keeping to themselves. For. a long time
their tribe has been growing smaller and
their' physical proportions ; ha v« boon" di-
minished.' •¦-.¦- ; . *.
The Cocopahs attribute. their retrogre?-
t slcn to the assumption of-clothing.- Be •
fore/they learned the ways of the white
man," and 5. donned trousers and shirts,
they, knew no. illness. Since then disease
has ravaged the tribe. Last winter many
of them died ' of . pneumonia, ai:3 two
months ago smallpox broke \ out among
them. Scores of the Indians have <lled of
the disease. "¦ ,
For weeks an armed guard has kept the
.Cocopahs away . from Yuma, their sole
source of supplies. As a result the In
dians have suffered from. lack of food and'
other suuplies, while they havejno medi
cine except their own' concoctions.
Recently the.: last vestige of. . their , vil
lages was wiped Vout, ..the guards burning
all that the red men left behind:-. The Co
copahs'have joined another brarichof the
tribe twenty-five miles below the interna
tional line. '-.'- - - . — --¦*¦•
were flung, and when, the ammunition
gave out they fell upon each other with
knives and hatchets. The arms they used
may have looked rusty and obsolete for a
modern battle, but there was no question
about the lighting courage of the com
batants. Neither side hoped for quarter
if captured, and neither side gave it. It
was a fight to the death.
The Sultan's proas working up the »de
vious channel made slow progress when
opposed by the pirate boats. The best
they could do was to engage the atten-
tlon of the battle and prevent them from
reinforcing the forts. Both sides realized
the land battle 'would decide, the fortune
of the day.
So the Sulus hammered and pitchforked
the wretched pirates from house to house
toward the waters of the cove, where the
crews of the three surviving proas waited
with ready guns to blow them into eter
nity. Men, women and children were un
hesitatingly slaughtered while the fury
of the fight was on. After it was all over
some seventeen wounded pirates were
gathered up. manacled and pitched in a
proa to be taken bank to Sulu as a proof
to his Excellency that the insult offered
. to his Sabate proa had been thoroughly
v. Iped out. Most of the taxes, tribute, etc.,
were recovered, together with a lot of etc.
of the same kind. But the big treasure of
the pirates, the' loot of several years*
gathering-, could not be found. Threats,
torture^a_nd promises failed to wring the
secret of its hiding place from any of the
survivors. They all affirmed that the chiefs
alone knew its whereabouts. Seven of the
leading chiefs were among the dead, two
of them, Mulof and Dagol, had somehow
escaped. So a guard waB left over the
blazing ruins and the proas sailed away
with the recovered tribute and the sev
enteen pirates doomed to execution.
Cliff Peters, risen to the position of part
owner and master of the trading schoon
er;. Southern Star, • was. cruising around
> when one day he bumped into a crazy log
laft tearing all- that was left of the half
starved sM&'"blfaty wounded pirate* sub
j chief, Dagol., How long it had been since
; the- pirate pushed ; off from the island
when th<* last of his cronies were being
.slaughtered by the Sultan's soldiers no
one could guess, least of all Dagol him
self, for he was in a raging fever and
completely cut of his head. The pictur
esque situation of the hacked up pirate,
his dress, and the jewels he wore, appeal
ed to the fancy of the adventurous Pe
ters. He wanted to know his story, and
if there was any chance to earn gold and
glory from the part of the southern seas
where --e came from. So Peters got out
the mcdlcir.e chest and set to 'work to
patch up the battered pira"te. It was a
hard and discouraging job for both par
tics, though to do Peters due credit he
never wavered from his task. But the Sul
tan's men had made too good a job in
their efforts to hack the life out of the
pirate. He came to consciousness all right,
and for a time he appeared to be getting
slowly better: then came a period of ups
and downs, the ups having a slight de
gree the better of it. Peters thought he
would pull his man through, and told him
so. It was during this period that the two
became quite friendly and the pirate, told
all ube'-t the life on the island and the
last big tight. He let fall hints about the
buried treasure and in a general way he
and Peters discussed the chances of bring
ing the schooner Southern Star to the
island, after the Sultan's men had drawn
off, and trying to lift the loot.
All might have gone as they planned
but one night a savage wound of the pi
rate besan to bleed afresh and his Ufa
and troubles all went out of him before
the morning light. He seemed to know it
was comlnsr and told Peters so while the
latter bent over him and used all his
rough medical skill to stop the life-ebb
ing- flow. Peters' apparent disinterested
ness impressed the sufferer and he told
him, almost with his last breath, the ex
act spot where the treasure lay hidden.
Th'e weighted canvas with the body of
the pirate was hardly shot overboard
when Peters steered a straight course for
the Island.
It was a rash move, for not only did it
put the Sultan's suspicious soldiers on
guard but it warned some half score pl-
rates, who had escaped the massacre and
were hiding in the jungle. Both of these
parties knew the treasure was somewhere
there and the .sight of a schooner noslns
about the offlng with a boatload of in
quisitive men trying to reach the shore
unobserved told them as plainly as print
that outsiders had got an inkling of the
treasure pit and had joined in the quest.
So all three parties settled down to stub
bornly watch one another.
Peters was the first to give up in dis
gust. He didn't care. for the pirates; he
knew he could beat them out In a fight,
but the Sultan's men looked too much for
him to tackle with the outfit he had with
him. He determined to run over Manila
way and pick up recruits for the work
among the refuse of the army and the
roving adventurers gathered there.
But luck went against him. In a. saloon
up the Penang River he got into a row
with a Filipino over the sale of a lot of
copra they had bought on speculation the
year before, and Peters was stabbed. His
friends did . all they could for him, . but
what with his irritability over confine
ment when the treasure was almost with
in his grasp and the enervating climate he
was quickly in a bad way. Baxter found
him groaning, cursing his fate and the
doctor when he reached the village on his
rounds of buying up the season's hemp.
"Baxter," said the relieved Peters, "you
look more like an angel than anybody I've
seen since I've been in this God-forsaken
country." He ¦ wrung his old school
friend's hand and began to cry. He was
very low at the time. His old fatalism
still clung to him. "I'll go like Dagol."
he said. "I'll go out in the dark and won't
see the sunrise, but stay with me, Jack,
old man. Stay with me when I'm going,
and I'll make it worth your while."
Baxter promised him he wouldn't desert
him in that out-of-the-way place, and the
grateful Peters gave him a hint of the
pirate's treasure. For a time Baxter
thought the story of the treasure was but
the vagary of a man suffering with a
fevered wound. Later on, however, Peters
supplied him \v!th a line of facts which
showed there were cold, hard elements of
truth In the story.
Sure enough, as Peters had predicted,
the night came when his wound began to
bleed afresh. It seemed to knock the
hope and life out of him. He talked about
the old schoolboy days while Baxter
worked steadfastly over him and of the
wild adventures he had had. Before it
ended he related all that Dagol had told
him of the buried treasure and how he
had satisfied himself of the truth of the
story when he visited the island on the
Southern Star and pirates and soldiers
stood between him and it He advised
Baxter how to go about lifting it and
then, as with the wounded pirate, his
life went out just before the dawn. "
That was over four months ago. ' Baxter
had to arrange his business affairs before
he could devote his -whole time to ' the
matter of lifting the treasure. But he Is
ready for It now. That is why he has
come to this country and Is now going
East to interest certain business friends
-who have heard the story and who think
there Is enough in it to warrant their in
vesting in the company that is being
formed. " v -
... - - , .. ... _-~ — r — - •- — .-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
WILL SEARCH FOR PIRATE'S TREASURETHE white wax crop exported from
China is made by the curious method
of using minute insects in its produc
-tlcn. These Insects are, found in
brown, pea-shaped 1 excrescences or galls
attached to an evergreen tree called the
"insect tree." The galls are gathered In
May and carried in headlong flight to\ the
market towns by bearers, who travel at
nipht. ro that the heat may not force the
Inserts to emerge during the Journey.
They ai.- then placed in a "wax tree."
which is n stump varying from three to
twelve feet in- height, with numerous
A QUEER WAX CROP.
DO you see that, woman In black sit
ting there? said a railroad detec
tive. "Well, she possesses the rare
gift of being able to^cry naturally
and at will.
' "If she sees a group of well-dressed
men In a station waiting for a train she'll
sit or stand very nesr them and burst out
crying. Of course, her misery will attract
attention and some man will surely come
to her relief. The story is that she has no
money to buy a ticket to get to her dyins
daughter in the next town. It is a com
mon thing for men tc give her a fewjiol
lars promptly and never ask any ques
tions. She has a variety of stories to
tell. I think she is the most successful
beggar I know.
"Crying at will is something I don't
understand. I have seen counterfeit cries
galore on'the stage, but this woman's cry
is m'jch nearer the real thing. No, she
does not hold a handkerchief to her eyes
at all. She just keeps her face well up
and sobs freely, hi?r tears rolling down
her cheeks that all may see them. She
can cry anywhere.
"I've seen that woman stop on the side
walk near where thiee men were standing
and sob as If her heart would break.
"When one of the men asked her what the
matter was she replied she lived twenty
miles away and had lost her purse. The
three men gave her a dollar and a half
in a jiffy and asked no questions. How
often in a day she does a turn like that I
don't know.
"She docs her tur:» so artistically that
we. hate to turn the fraud down. One
time I did interfere in the front of a ho
tel, but the five men she had cried to
simply gave me a stony stare and waved
me off as they handed her a few small
bills. They wouldn't hear my story, and
swallowed her tears of woe as a trout
jumns at a fly. I guess those men would
rather feel they'd helped a poor woman
than believe there was such a' fraud.
That's why I let her go.
"No, I am sure she uses no onions, or
other pungent odors to causa her tears.
Her. tear glands are ever ready on tap
and never appear to be empty. Some day*
ago I asked a doctor about it and he
couldn't explain it more than to say that
practice makes perfect, and that the tear
glands could be developed the same as any
other portion of the numan body. I have
promised to show .him the woman soma
time."
. ? .
During the last twenty years the num
ber of public libraries in the United States
has more than doubled. There are now
almost If not quite 5000. and they possess
about 40,000,000 volumes. i
HER TEARS ARE HER
FORTUNE.
much be-trimmed silk ones', in fact. Many
of the newest ones are Paris marked and
cost " anywhere from $25 to $50. and the
laundry bills are*' heavens knows what.
So you see they're not to be thought of
when economy is- an object. .It isn't a
case of make at home when the "ruffle,
flouncing" is used, because it simply
can't be bought about here at all, and
the houses that carry them smilingly say.
"They are Parisian^ don't you know."
Some of the newest patterns in silk an
embroidered taffetas and have double
flounces edged with - applique !. done in
white and gold. Rather simple but ef
fective. • . . .
Cnc of blue ?ilk has a 34-inch flounce
trimmed with black lace, Insertion and
applique. It is absolutely stunning, the
only pity, is that more of -It does not
show. The flounce is cut in a z:gzag
fashion which allows the lace to touch
the lowest underneath ruffle at regular
intervals. The insertion is, of course, put
on in the same way.. A flock of black
birds flies about the skirt, every one" be
ing just where the dip occurs.
Another- swell street petticoat is made
tf black and white striped silk. Two of
tho rufHes are accordion and are each
edged with a tiny black taffeta ruche. To
give it a peculiar effect, a bias piece of
sA is put between the_ two accordions
am a piece of broad lace insertion holds
them in place. That makes the folds fall
here and there in any old kind of way
and Rives a great swish that particularly
pleases most women. The very top is
finished off with another small ruche and
that one is oul lined with a tiny white
'one. Altogether the effect is swell and
looks particularly well with a black' tai
lor suit.
For people who like queer, freakish
things there are shaded green ones. For
instance, four tucks and a piece_of light
tan embroidered in green, four more
tucks In a darker shade, the insertion
belrg the same as above. The colors
deepen In that fashion until a good deep
flounce is made and the last and deepest
color is the final ruffle. The- under ruffle
is a very dark shade and the effect is
most peculiar to say the least. Anybody
¦would turn around and stare, for there
has never been fo many co'.oi 5. used, be
fore.- on a Skirt that Isn't ; supposed..- to
show so very mvch." It-Is something like
Joseph's coat of many: colors! >: \ "
' EJderly --people'*'.;We- f flukey
Wfiy !>it a.s well as <T6 '|j»tj\ aiiU.'giiIdy
The branches are then cut off, and" after
removing as much of the wax as possible*
by hand they are put In a kettle of hot
water, when the remaining wax floats on
the surface, and the Insects finish their
term of usefulness by going to the bottom.
The wax Insects are made Into small
packets of twenty or thirty galls, wblcn
ftre inclosed in a leaf of the wood oil tree,
fastened together with rice straw. These
packets are suspended close to tha
branches, under which they hang. On
emerging from the galls the Insects creep
rapidly up the branches, to wh^ch they at
tach themselves, and begin forming a
coating of wax that in about tnree- montn*
attain* a thickness of almost a quarter of
an Inch.
branches rlslnr from the top, similar to
the pollard willow.
ished off with a full ruche. Black lace in
sertion /is stitched on full pieces, of- the
brocade and a quilling of ribbon to match
takes off the rough eages. As many rows
of Insertion as are'. wanted may be set In.
Whenever insertion is used there must
be two ruffles — one for show and one for
service — otherwise there would be a trans
parent effect that might prove annoying:.
To wear with shirt-waists and a short
skirt there is nothing so durable or so
Short skirts made of . fine flannel and
crepe are coming into style again. They
fit snugly about the hips and are cut cir
cular, just as the . longer ones are, and
show just as mu';h lace and ribbon-
long- run to select a pretty skirt and carry
ft home under your arm. Then you hare
what you wanted, and otherwise you may
simply know what you want and have
something that you wish you could get
rid of. - ¦ • ¦• - -
•and sewed on the ruffle. The -entire
piece comes together and is known as
"lawn or nainsook ruffle flouncing." ..--'
Of course, accordion pleated flounce3 ara
always popular, and edged with lace an!
ribbon the\blllowy effect so desired may
be obtained. By the way, don't 'orpxt
that all skirts are fitted around the hips
and gradually widen about the ootcom,
the Idea being to give the slender efioct
about the hips and the broader one at tbe
feet. For that idea we may thank the
dlvln* Sarah. ,' , ,' •
A pretty xad nowadays is to have the
petticoat match the gqwn exactly, ¦ but
unless the colors are precisely -*he .same,
the effect is entirely lost, and both- gown
and petticoat look as though they tried
to be chic and missed the mark. Silk
skirts hardly ever harmonize with .more
than one frock, and so white is generally
preferred when the designs and trim
mings are swagger.
Don't labor under, the Impression that
t.h»y are cheaper than silk ! ones,*" very
matinee girls. Black Is, ofcouKe, a staple
color, and/some of the very swellest things
that are turned out of our shops are black
taffeta trimmed with any quantity. of lace
and, insertion. They come 'way upon the
list of favorites,' as they can be worn with"
'most anything and ' not look as though'
the wardrobe : wa* ,, entirely destitute.
Again, they do not show the dust and soil
if they are properly brushed before. hang-
Ing away... :.'•> ,'. ' '-'..'¦ ¦
Another sedate skirt Is made of purple,
or even of-violet, and what. shade in' the
long line" of, colors Ms any 'prettier or
daintier than, eithsr one e of them. For
people who don't care a snap of their fin
gers for.' rustle, j bul who want durability,
the brocade is used, and. when it comes to
looks it does not take* a 'step behind; the
fickle taffeta, either. ... ¦ '.' ' , • : ,
-Satin pleats every bit as well as a thin
ner material, but as a rule only the bot
tom ruffle is accordloned and then fin-"*-
cool as a fine madras or va mercerized .
linen in some I fre3h. . delicate color. Em- (
.broldered headings or bands of wash lace
may be set on above the hem on. the cir
cular flounce, or. may be arranged in some
fancy way on of above ruffles. Again,
there is : no real necessity for. lace or in
sertion of, any .kind. Three ruffles cut- on
the bias make a pretty finish; or, again,
an accordion- of •= the • same' material does
very -well and always '.looks /neat. ' The
fresh appearance; of .these petticoats la
their, greatest recommendation.
, People ¦ who have -more', time, on .their
hands than they know what to do with
sometimes buttonhole a fancy edge In silk
or linen to match : cLo shade of the skirt.
Made of light pink,- lavender or blue, they
are quite the smartest thine, te put en
before donning a white pique dress skirt,
However, i home-muda garmenti- never
has quite the appearance of one bought J
all, ready made,- and It ia cheaper in th*
Evening: skirts are of a delicate firt .in<l
rre very elaborately trimmed. Deep
licences, sometimes widening toward the
1 ack. are headed with double niching* cr
bands of lace and ribbon; arouni :he bot
tom are rows and rows of narrow ruffles,
which in turn are edged with nairow
baby ribbon or a very small pattcrroil
lace. Bands of ribbon covered with Incn
depend at regular Intervals j from the
heading of the wide flounce and end In
point? Just above the small ruffles around
the bottom. The daintiest insertion i«
used and a large bow of wach ribbon
makes a pretty finish.
Another pretty skirt that ,tempt3 gills
to raise their skirts Just a jftrlfi^ hirher
than is really necessary Is made of a
Fheer lawn. The main ruffle la about
thirty inches wide and Is tucked almost
solid. The tucks commence with ono and
run up to 6even with a small space inter
vening. Instead of lace there in a mott
«>'abqrate embroidery, but it dliT«re irnrn,
the ordinary In that It can't be bought
Some of the shopkeepers tell uathit
petticoats of silk are losing: their popu'ar
ity. but at the same time their Trindo-.ru
are full cf them and they ara In
preat numbers on the streets. Howtw,
there are all kinds of sheer nalnjsoka,
dainty lawns, fresh dimities and was'i
F'Ike: in fact, there is a large variety of
material that Is In yostjc for nktrta Jui*
at present. No other year has offered such*
r.i effective outlay.
TV own Tr«T>p»ries ar.- c'onfls ot
dainty chiffon and nainsook is tac
prerogative of woman, and this
cummer she has delved -ieey Into
billowy masses, often to ih^ uttri-
Jnent cf some other part of her wardrobe.
Ruffles an<! flounces that clinsr and fail
In graceful ripples which even the m.ist
Btrong-rninded woman secretly loves to
¦wear, often teirpt more than one woman
to add just one more dream cf beautV.
portrayed in silk or lace, to her- already
•well stocked wardrobe. She knows full
•well that man's idea of this essentially
feminine bit of apparel Is "something
fluffy, with lots of ruffles of lace and thin
stuff." and she tries to live up to h!«
fancy. What woman Is perfectly satis
j fled to walk, dance and fly about general
ly without these adorable bits of lingerie?
¦A spy glass would be In order to find even
one- •
To hold a skirt up gracefully, to drop
It In cllnglre folds, to make It look as
though It were a part of oneself, is an
art that Is being studied just at present.
To let a petticoat peep beneath the outer
Fklrt. to display a cloud of tumblini ruf
fles. Is an accomplishment' that few
women have down to a fine point. Nine
out of ten get a firm grasp on their pet
ticoal?. and everybody knows that an
underskirt was never Intended to no'.d w.
It sounds simple, and it looks simple, but
it takes hours of patient labor to ol»ts»i?i
that easy, careless way of holding thf»
right skirt up just the right height.
THE SliN^DAT CAI/L.
Photos by Fowzer.
3
THE LATEST FAD IN LINGERIEThe best book that has come to our no
tice en the subject is one just published
by Brentanos, New York, entitled "Our
As long as the world exists fortune-tell
ers will ever have a large following, and
even the wisest among the wise are apt
at times to think that their fate lies in
the stars. Even for the skeptic the. book
on astrology makes interesting reading.
If ho does not read that he may learn he
can at least find much amusement in a
dip into astrological lore.
Our Fate.
• Betsy Boss.
Those who are not yet weary of stories
of the American revolution may find en
tertainment in Mr. Chauncey C. Hotch
kiss' latest book. "Betsy Ross." a tale
whose chief Incident is the manufacture
of the first America r flag. Washington
and Benedict Arnol 1 appear tH help along
the development of the plot. The" book Is
full of action and in it appear all sorts of
characters, from pirates to Quakers. The
story dots not depend wholly upon the
events of the revolution for its interest.
The fate of the'leading characters is In
volved in the result? of a tragedy which
has nothing to do with. political affairs,
but it is left the aeus ex machina of
colonial stories.' Washington,' to straight-'
en cut the tangled destinies and to help
the story to a happy ending. (Published
by Appleton & .Co., New York. Price
*150.) .' . '
"As they passed through v one of the
many alleys a wild. hard, painted face
• peered at them .from one of the firmest
wickets and the officer said: 'One of the
most horrid creatures here. We officers
The exquisite torture of her existence
reaches a climax when years after she
recognizes the birth-mark of ¦ her lost
child on a young" girl brought in. to
become an inmate of the same brothel
that has been her own hell on earth. The
tragic sequel can be read between the
lines of an officer's remarks to a party of
tourists that come to satisfy their curios
ity and not to deplore this greatest moral
blemish of modern civilization:
A picturesque little sketch. with a'l its
dreariness and heartache is Miss Maud
B. Rodger's short story of Chinese bond
age, "An O'er True Tale." It is publish
ed in pamphlet form and has two attrac
tive illustrations done in Miss Helen
Hyde's. characteristic style. In it is told
the sufferings of a poor, miserable Chi
nese mother, whese baby girl Is stolen
from her to pay the 'debt of her gambler
husband, to a slave dealer. The heart
broken woman rushes forth into the night
to search for her loved one only to fall
Into the clutches of the highbinders and
be herself doomed to a life of shame.'
An O'er True Tale.
the .Van Dyke family seems to be one. of
the revenges of history. (Published by
the Abbey Press, New York. Price $1.)
H : v^weNp.ouNE: iffifli
- 1 r^TIhae Etiglisfcfgiir] wfooViuindeir<tlh!e na'tneof "Zack,"
Jhias 'just, jsfiuiedl her third book "The White Cottage."
She^ made a distinct repiatatlom wiilhi "Life Is Life"
and/**Cif Trial," her ffarst two bocks. 1 S he is a. rela
tive off Keats, tlhe 'poet.:. .' : ¦ -:-^ .
Kester goes mad. and while Luce is out
for the doctor steals the child and es
capes. Nothing more is heard of them un
til years after Mark Tavy finds their
bones on a cliff j by the sea. Luce ' goes
• way and In all the months and months of
"Luce laughed harshly. 'If you can nnd
comfort in Pich things ez this, come in
and welcome,' she answered, standing
aside. -" .' '
"A shiver tore through Hester. She
leaned against the doorpost. "I be dying/
ehe exclaimed brokenly: 'I shall' soon be
forced to leave *un for good and all, and
I feel nearer to 'un here than in the cot
tage where he turned his back on me.'
Ben Is arrested for bigamy and sen
tenced to five years. During all of that
time the broken-hearted Luce tries to give
him up and will not visit him. Hester
goes to the jail once, but only once, for
she sees that Ben has only the picture of
Luce in his heart, and her own life and
love ar» dead. Hester comes to the White
Cottage to die. and the strongest scene of
the book is that wherein is depicted the
feelings of those two women.
" Tvn come.' she said, 'to die in my hus
band's house.'
•'Again silence fell upon' the two.
" 'He lays no claim to 'ee,' Luce an
rwered. > • • -
Hester Lupin Is a remarkably well
drawn character. Much as she loves drink
she has put it aside to find her husband,
and the picture of this wrecked woman
plodding the highway to finally learn the
truth and see another woman and child
In her place Is one of the most pitiful of
fiction. She accuses Ben. but does not be
tray him to this other woman, who is the
mother of his child, and starts on her
road back to her native village. She falls
fainting on the way and Is taken into a
roadside inn, where her old enemy, drink,
gets the better of her, and in a Jrunken
stupor she allows her secret to slip from
her.
The revenge that he has prayed for
seems in his hands, but when It comes to
actually striking the blow his uncertain
nature lets the opportunity pass.
Even though Mark Tavy is a fool in his
slowness cf comprehension, yet his hon
est r>ers^-erance to win the . love of the
one woman of his life covers a multitude
of sins. The motif of the novel can ba
expressed in a few words. Mark is a>flsh
erman. whose one hope from boyhood ha3
been to make Lrce Mvrtle his wife'. They
have been brought up from childhood to
gether and the wedding arrangements are
all but cons—minated when Ben Lupin,
the scapegoat of the neighborhood, re
turns to the village.
Ben not only buys the little White Cot
tape upon which Mark has set his heart,
but he marries Luce. Mark goes away for
a time but is drawn back to see on<e
more the only woman of his thoughts.
On his way he meets Ben's real wife— a
woman he had deserted because the curse
of drink had laid its hold upon her— and
learns her secret.
Miss T'eats deals with the rough and
lowly side cf life with the same powerful
stroke that has distinguished the works
of our American writer. Hamlln Garland.
Hers is one of the few books where dia
lect seems not artificial and crude natures
less harsh, for she brings up the soul-light
beneath the surface and lays it bare for
the reader's sympathy.
"The White Cottage" presents a somber
picture. It is not a book to read if the
carrs of the day have been heavy and you
wish mental ch^er. That is the one warn
ing to bear in m5nd. In it Is told the life
story cf four fifhcrfolk of the English
coast. All cf them honrst at heart, but
throup-h fate and environment forced to
llvo tracic lives of sorrow.
Now that "Zacfe" is In a fair way to be
knuw-n for herself it is ouite proper tc
motion matters cf relationship and to
give the groat poet Keats the credit of
having handed down. to her a part of his
poetical nature. Although her work Is
prose fiction it certainly possesses the
elements that po far toward making th?
true singer of verse. This faculty is pecu-
Tarly in evidence in "The White Cot
tage."
Ms«? K'->ts is a relative of the poet
KcntR. This is rr^rtioned merely Inc 1 
der.taily by way cf information, for her
rame as ar author has beon made through
Ye-? rwr. efforts, under the nom de plume
of "ZacV and she should receive praise
for the intrinsic worth cf her work. A re
lat'rrphip to preat people Is generally a
handicap to om-'s own ambitions, and
jiroriEbly Miss Keats recognized that fact,
and therrfcre decidrd to stand or fall as
a stranger in the world of letters and not
as a tag on inheritor of some ancestor's
al.ility.
GWENDOLINE KEATS is in a fair
way to rra!:e as great a name for
herself as Mary Choimondeley has
made. There is not the slightest
s!mi1cr;ty between the writings of the
two. hot they are both Englishwomen.
M:fs ChnimorOeVy made a. hit with her
bocks. "Diana Tempest" and "Red Pot
apf." in America; ar.d Miss Keats with
"On Tr'a!" ar<* "* -fc t? Life" already to
her crprlit. ar«l "Tb*. White ; Cottage." just
from the nress rf rhjir'es Srribner's Sons.
F.rems in a fax way to do the same. Eng
1'i.b rrircs arc now p'njr'ng her praises in
the loudest toms. Of oor-sc. we of Amer
ica do r.rt a'wavs rare for what p'easos
the litrra-y ra'ate of our Erglish cousins,
but in this cap? 't is cafe to say that their
sertfrnonti wiM be upheld.
"Adam stood by the rock and waited for
her. She came toward him. all* the light
of the world seeming to fall upon her and
circle her in a halo that transformed her
white draperies and glistened like a mil-
" 'Then the morning stars will sing to
gether, and all the sons of God shall shout
for joy.'. • .
"The sun dropped lower and lower over
the sharp peaks at the west, j covering
their white summits with a flood of "gold
en glory. The sullen roar of the ocean
seemed hushed, and across its wide ex
panse the. last beams of the setting sun
made radiant pathways of crimson and
gold. A lark far up In the heavens sang
its few clear notes as it hastened home
ward. Far away on the mountain side the
cattle lay placidly, and a mare whinnied
to her colt. The air was soft and warm
and drowsy with the. scent of many flow
ers, the sound of nestling birds, the' drone
of an insect here and there, the , cheerful
call of the crickets. •
"The sudden flash of light In his eyes
half-blinded her. He took both her hands
In his and looked deep in her beautiful,
unfathomable eyes.
" 'And if I give you my left hand?'
" 'No, it would be impossible for either
of us to desire what the other did not.
And much as we love each other, we will
know we have loved our race and honored
God first In our decision. To live, if we
live, not for ourselves alone, but for the
good of our kind; to renounce love, the
unspeakable gift, if need be, for the sake
of what seems to us right.'
" 'We could not choose differently.' And
though she spoke with the upward inflec
tion it was not a question.
" 'My wife.' he sa!d. 'We know all there
Is to say. all there is to risk. We must do
what is right. I am going now to set
everything at liberty^ It is nearly* sun
down; you will meet me at the rock in
half an hour. If we give each other our
right hands, we will fear no evil, not
though we walk through the valley of the
irhadow of death, for the love in our
hearts is deathless; and though the sun
sets, it is to rire on another shore. Death
is only an incident, but life is eternal:' ; :
"She went and stood beside him. touch
ing the dress timidly. He covered her
hand with hia own.
"He stooped and picked it up and looked
at it as a man might look at the soul of
something of which he had never seen
the body. . He had a sense of iiis own
strength, the glory of nis manhood, and a
vision of his weakness. She watched him
breathlessly. He put the garment down
on the table and smoothed it out gently.
There was in his face the combined look
cf a man who sees the cradle and the
coffin of his firstborn.
•'TIip Master Knot of Human Fate." by
KIM* Mered'th. Is a problem novel that
should awaken considerable interest and
dl^cufcslon; It departs from usually ac
cepted theology by supposing a second
delupe and that all the life it'ft- I'n the
world is centered on a little island In a
great sea. Here the author places a man
and a woman, types of the best of the
prerent day. He gives them two huts to
I've In. a supply of food for many months,
plenty of clothes, cattle, horses, donkeys,
rhickfns. dogs. cat c . a cinnamon be?\r
and the rrore elegant articles of civiliza
tion In a library, wrltinr materials and a
violin. Their island home Is very beau
tifrT and very : productive, so the matter
of living causes those only two livinj,' hu
man beirgp of t^ie world very little occa
s.'or; for wcrriment.
They are careful to kll! none of the ani
mals, bm tame them by kindness ,ind
take thflr daily, sustenance from the pro
ducts of the earth.
After their agricultural labors are fin
ished for the day the man attempts to
write a history of their adventure but
thero is so little of variety that he soon
abandons the project. They soon find that
they must take up the consideration of
the problem whether they shall be the
founder? cf a new race or whether they
shall die as the last survivors of human
kind. The end of the book has a little of
the touch of the "Lady or the Tiger" — a
conceit in fiction always popular and new.
The question is reserved for decision in
the last few pages of the book and it rep
resents the ciimax of all their long dis
cussions on the right and wrong of their
future existence. The time has come when
they agree to decide whether they shall
live or die.
"She did not hear'^dam, nor see' him,
until he passed the window and stood in
the doorway, all the. sunset glow back of
him. Then she started to her, feet, her
arms closing instinctively over the tiny
garments she had gathered to her breast,
as she stepped back, xier face flushing and
paling a!! in a moment.
"He stood as if he dared not move lest
the vision vanish, but heart a#id soul
looked out of his eyes.
" "Eve," he said, 'Eve!' >
"She turned and he sprang toward her
with an eager. cry of joy. ;
" 'Eve.' he repeated. 'Eve. my love, my :
soul? You have decided: you are going to
be my wife. Oh, do not torture yourself '
or me any longer with doubts that did
rot enter the mind of God Almighty when
He made us what we are. You are my !
world, dearer than life, more necessary ]
than the air we breathe. We are only one I
being, separated, God ; knows how long,
but united now forever. Nothing can part ;
us again.' . .
"He stooped and held out his arms to ;
her. He had taken her into, their shelter ,
very often, but now he wa'nted her to (
come to him and nestle against his heart i
of her own will. She took a single step,
stretching out her arms to him with a ',
gesture of infinite trust and abandon. The ;
long sheer dress fluttered down to the
floor and lay between them.
"They stood as still as if frozen.
" 'Dare you cross it?' she said, and hid
her face In her hands. / ¦
Anna Farquhar made a" success last
year with a well written bit of fiction,
"Her Boston Experiences." This season
she has something of an entirely differ
ent order to offer; a much more preten
tious work but one that is equally well
done and will add greatly, to her liter
ary laurels of the , past/ .
"The Devil's Plough" will appeal to
all lovers of the romantic school and to
those- interested in the, more complex
study -of soul development as well. As
the author states in the title it is "the
romantic history of a soul conflict." Un
like the general attempt of .writers dip
ping into- psychological subjects, this
book has a good story to carry the deep
er meaning in this "soul conflict." For
those who read' superficially" there, is of
fered the romance pure and simple— youj
may seek and find the deeper mornl ' sig
nificance if you so desire, for it is' there'
for. the hunting.
. The author, states the motif of the
story In a brief, preface: "The,. French
court of 'Anne of.' Austria and Mazarin,
whose atmosphere made work for" the
devil's, plough,' was to some extent, re
sponsible for the Jesuit decadence be
ginning to prevail '. at j that : period. In
this Parisian world of folly, mantled in
• t A few months ago "Quincy Adams Saw
yer" wap published, and already it -has
reached the 200,000 mark. The fact that it
was from the pen of an unknown author
makes its success all the more remark
able, but it is probafcly accounted for by
the great liking the public has evinced for
works en the order of "David Harum"
and "Eben Holden." This/is one of-that
type. Its characters are of New England,
full of homespun wit and wisdom, and the
atmosphere of the novel is as sweetly'nat
ural as the. breath of the fields. While
Charles Felton Pidgin, thp. author, was
preparing his forthcoming novel, "Blen
nerhassett," which the C. M. Clark Pub
lishing Company will bring out soon,, he
received much- valuable information con
cerning the hero of his romance (Aaron
Burr) from- Mrs. Stella Edwards Plerre
pont Drake. She is a lineal descendant of
Rev' Jonathan . Edwards, who was the
father of Aaron Burr's mother. ; Mr.
Pidgin has" just, received the following
very gratifying letter from her:
¦~ "I wish to thank you for the great pleas
ure you gave me when you presented mo
with your very interesting novel, "Quincy
Adams Sawyer." I anticipate much pleas
ure from another Aaron . and Theodosla
Burr talk with you. With the exception
of the- late Professor Parker, of the'Ando
ver Theological Seminary, I never "met
any one so interested in Colonel Aaron
Burr as yourself. I am glad Indeed that
a defender of a much-abused patriot has
appeared." . » '
The Devil's Plough.
Quincy Adams Sawyer.
hut in the forefront of all rival lyric
hursts of patriotic feeling, of Northern,
or Southern, or Western fury and 'force";
and the late William Henry Hurlburt
wrote that "with Mrs. Howe's* hymn, it
constitutes about the sole surviving po
etry of the civil war." Another of Dr.
Palmer's ballads. '.'The j Maryland Bat
talion," has stirred the blood of thous
ards with its etpry of Mordecai Gist and
his "four hundred wild lads" who held
a British force at , bay in the battle of
Long Island long enough to nave the
American retreat from destruction. "A
splendid • piece of work," Charles G. D.
Roberts says of that poem, "inevitable
and unforgetable." Dr. Palmer's ballads
pre all on events in American history, and
thrill one with their patriotic fire. "To
say aught of 'Stonewall Jackson's Way.'"
writes Clinton Scollard. "a lyric that has
made for itself fo sure a place in our lit
crature.were perhaps gratituous; but over
the ringing 'FJeht at the San Jacinto.'
the swinging 'Maryland Battalion.' and
the sturdy 'Reid at Fayal.' one may be
permitted to wax enthusiastic."
Yet fine as these ballads are. "there
are." as Richard Henry' Stodc"ard ob
srrves. "finer poet'eal qualities than bal
ladry requires or admits of. and they are
present in this collection of Dr. Palmer's'
lyrics, notably in the one which opens it,
'For Charlie's Sake,' which authenticates
Itself as. a tender, solemn, fatherly recol
lection of a dead child."
Yet with all these testimonials to the,:
beauty and power of his verse, it was:,
riot until a publisher wrote to Dr. Palmer,
insisting that he gather together those
stray children of his imagination, that ,
he took any steps to make this collection.
He had sung the songs for the pure joy
of singing." and"th"ey*haVe vitality and
spontaneity tthat make 'thenj a I valuable
addition to American .' HterafJiYei Of the
collection as a whole Edmand' Clarence
Stcdman writes: ". .. " J*- ; ..
"At last our veteran ballarlist. who has
done so much for other poets' work, bind?'
up the autumnal harvest of his , own.'
There are more prolific makers, j but 'as
surely as quality, not volume. Is the test;
of poesy, the author of. 'The Fight at the
San Jacinto.' 'Stonewall Jackson's Way.'
and 'For Charlie's Sake' will /long be re
momlipred."
RoKEiter Johnson, LL. • D., Editor-in-
Chief of "The World's Great Books,"
writes:
"Dr. Palmer is a born balladist. and
has the good judgment to look to Amer- '
lean history for his subjects. 'The Mary
land Battalion in the Eattle of Long
Island' reminds m° strongly of some of
Scott's classic lyrics: and "Reid at "Fayal'
and 'The. Fight at the San Jacinto' are
almost equally as good. But better than
all the ihyme-3 of battle. I like Ms ex
quisite poem. ''For Charlie's Sake.' I
think it superior even to Emerson's
famous ,'Threnody.' " (Published by Funk
& Wagnalls Company, New York. Price
her absence Mark lights the fire every
night and puts the kettle on.' as though
at an:' mrjment, heexper i her to- come
through the open door. Finally she does
rtturn and the steady constancy-of Mark
at last nersuades her to again think of
marrying him.
One day while Mark is away Ben Lupin
ci-mes back to the village. The mob
stone him and, a half-naked, bleetjing
mass of humanity, he finally succeeds In
reaching: the White Cottage. Luce holds
the rabble at bay and finally they dis
perse.
And then she goes in to meet this man
s=he has pot s*pen for five years, who lias
¦wrecked her life and whom she has sworn
to jrive up.'
The trp°1c drama is well plaved to the
end. Will Luce give tip the father of her
child — the man throuph whom her life has
been filled with sorrow, the man who has
practically wrecked his own life and
drivf n his wife to a maniac's grave? Will
she be true to her plighted troth with' her
old fisher lover. Mark Tavy? Will she be
true to herself, or will she go with the
man she loves and try again for better
or for worse? Miss Keats solves the prob
lem on the last page — to say anything
more would be "telling."
i. G. LATHROP.
The Master Knot of Human Fate.
lion gems in the sparse grass about her
feet. ¦ ; .
"They made each other no greeting, but
stood and looked into each other's eyes,
grave and sweet with "the exaltation of
their purpose. And, standing - so, they
clasped hands, and the word they spoke
was the same, for they by searching had
found out God.'
("The Master Knot of Human Fate"" is
published by Little. Brown & Co., Bdfeton.
Price $1 50.)
For Charlie's Sake.
"For Charlie's Sake, and Other Lyrics
and Ballads." by John" Williamson Pal
mer, is a book with a. history. The six
teen poems that compose the volume
have *be"en published at intervals during
the last forty years; and each of them
lias called forth ' a more or less remark
able response. The title poem, for in
stance, first published anonymously, was
a favorite of Bayard Taylor's, and Dr.
Rossiter Johnson (editor-in-chief . of "The
World's Great Books") says that often as
he has read it. It still invariably brings
the tears to his eyes. He pronounces it
superior to Emerson's famous "Threno
dy." Another of the poems. "Stonewall
Jackson's Way,'" Richard Henry Stod
dard, the poei and critic, considers'"sec
ond to no poem of which our long, terri
ble, bitter civil war was the inspiration.
The author has caught the air of the
court and, .times, and her. character,
sketching is done with a sure hand. She
also has an excellent idea of the art'
of plot making and development and the
surprises come with just enough- fre
quency to keep the Interest well sus
tained. (Published by L. C. Page & Co.,
Boston. Price $1 50.) '• . .,.'•''¦
Then' it is that the priest in" Gaston
gets the better. He has been struggling
agaii-st himself for years, but it . needs
this climax to . have/ his real greatness
of spirit finally . assert itself.. The final
scene between Gaston and his. love, He
loi.=e, 13 splendidly, dra^n. . . , '
From this time on he trades upon. the
similarity of himself to" his dead brother
and' acts the brother to the world and
the Jesuit' priest to the churchr
His conscience smites hiia sorely, but
he continues until he wins the love of
the fair Heloise and then is obliged to
fight a duel with the greatest duelist of
all Paris. , He' kills his opponent.
•Gaston is a splendid .character. ¦ ItJIs
hard to tell whether he will be more
-admired in his l role of the . eloquent
preacher and zealous worker for ..ne
church or as the ; soldier, lover, duelist,
mnn of the wofldl "' / .
His brother, on returning from the
wars.-is slain by a robber band and his
'dead body -found by this Jesuit priest,
Gaston. This man had become a priest
through the will of " his parents rather
than' by his own volition, and at this
j crisis in, his life is tempted by Satan to
• assume the dual role of priest and sol
dier. . , ' . .- ......
false piety, Gaston l'Artanges. the, cele
brated preachej of Paris, developed both
the^weeds and'ftowers of -his -eomplK
cated nature; and from out his great
weakness • there- grew his -'abiding
strength." . - ' ' • v'
A Daughter of the Prophets. s
"A Daughter of. the Prophets," by Cur
..tis Van Dyke,, was suggested to the
writer some years ago by the famous
controversy between Frances Willard and
the -elder Dr. Van Dyke; anrl though
somewhat delayed in its appearance: It
gives us a view of the modern woman as
we may expect to find her in the twen
tieth century. This woman is the hero
ine of the book, beginning her career, as
a lawyer and going on as wife, mother
and preacher. She is a' product of the
new world and the new "time, the in-'
evitable / outgrowth of ,the church freed
from state control. She rests her right
to deliver the gospel message wholly
upon the\ declared' Protestant principle
of the universal priesthood of all be
lievers. ' '-,
That the author is a descendant of
Fate and the Zodiac— An Astrological
Autograph Book." by Margaret Mayo.
Waiving the matter - of its value as a, de
lineator, of • life and character, it pos
sesses' a ¦ merit generally unknown
works of this kind— It is well written. The
style shows its author to be a remarkably
well read person, and one who has' Ideas
to express and knows how to.expresss
them. - 1 - • ..
¦" It is autographic inasmuch that pages
are left after the discussion of each sign
of the zodiac for' the signature of your
friends so that .their birthdays may be
registered in the proper place and what
the fates are supposed' to have endowed,
them with may be perusedand compared
•with the" persons as you know them. It^
makes a very neat souvenir, is excellent
reading and should. prove more popular as
a gift book than the time-honored birth
day book with poetical quotations selected
to suit the occasion. v l ,
"It will not be uninteresting to you that
I should, tell- you something about Hall
Caine, one of the most Interesting and
genial personalities, as a thinker, a, liter
ary man, and a student of the social
question.. Besides, he' deserves ' our ¦ at
tention -because since 1S97 he has passed
five or six months of each year in Rome
—coming in December and stying until
the heat compels him to go north again—
to study our country in its multiform as
pects, the sentiments.- desires, and pas
sions of our people, not. in a superficial
or way, but deeply, making
himself, master of all the details concern
ing ithem. How . different he. is in this
from certain other foreign Writers who,
after having been only' for a few weeks
among, us. and often' surrounded by per
sons Interested in showing only. one side
of our life, and that not always'the best,
have afterward given opinions and judg
ment on men and things with a gravity
only to be s exceeded by their ignorance!
! VBut with Hall Caine it is the reverse.
I believe that there is not a . corner of
Rome that he has not explored, or a class,
of our citizens with whom he has not
mixed, seeking to understand all their
most intimate -.thoughts and aspirations.
He 'has frequented: our. law courts and
the .House of 'Parliament, succeeding by
the power of his genius in assimilating
Hall Caine is appreciated as a writer by
the Italiars among whom he has lived.
Salvatorc Cortesi. in writing from Rome
to "L'Adriatico," of Venice, under- date
of March 31.-1901, says:'
In the June number of the Critic Les
lie Stephen has a few words in memory
of the late George M. Smith, whose recol
lections have' appeared from time to time
in the- pages -of that magazine. Mr.
Stephen, who by the way married one of
Thackeray's daughters, was editor of the
"Dictionary of National Biography." of .
which Mr. Smith was the publisher and
founder. It is Mr. Smith's portrait, Mr.
Stephen tells us, that Charlotte Bronte
drew in the Dr. John of "Villette." The /
third of -William Archer's "Real Conver
sations" is printed in this number, and is
with Stephen Phillips. The scene is the
smoking-room of a club, and the char
acters in the play, the two gentlemen
who do the talking. The article on "Art ¦
of the Pan-American Exposition." by
Christian Brinton. has been prepared with
unusual care as to letterpress and "illus
trations/Mr. Brinton made a visit to
Buffalo, where photcgraphs of the archi
tecture and. sculpture of the exposition
were taken expressly for this article.
Sidney Lee, who jumped into fame with
his "Life of Shakespeare," contributes an
article on "Shakespeare and Patriotism." •
Dr. W. J. Rolfe, who is an expert- trav
eler as well as a Shakespearean scholar,
being, the editor of "The Satchel Guide to
Europe," writes a most instructive article
.oh "How to. Travel in Europe." . In the
same number Philip G. Hubert Jr. writes
on "How to Travel in America." Coming^
at this time of year,' when everybody who
can is traveling, these articles have their,
practical use. ,
¦ The June number of Outing has many
breezy articles in keeping with the out
door flavor of advancing summer. W. O.
Owen tells of an "Ascent of the Grand
Teton" in a way that will induce moun
tain climbers to turn to the Rockies in
preference to the Alps for the highest
form of outdoor exhilaration spiced with
danger. There is an interesting paper
from Owen Wister. who tells from per
sonal knowledge of "Theodore Roosevelt,
the Sportsman and the Man." • In lawn
tennis last year England met her Water
loo. ¦ This year she purposes" to redeem
her fortune. J. Parmly Paret points out
what she has to contend against in "The
New Era in American Lawn Tennb."
With the midmonth q,f the year come
countless athletic, contests and sturdy ef
forts to lower records. James S. Mitchel
recalls the existence 'of some hard nuts
to crack by "The Athletic Giants of the
Past." Fifty, years Is- a long .era. yet
some have stood that There is work
ahead for athletic aspirants. The time is
ripening for uniform turf government,
and W. H. Rowels article on "The Eng
lish Turf" contains much which It is es
sential to know on this subtect. Outing's
special commissioner. Leonidas Hubbard
Jr.. is doing yeoman's service for the
.cause of erame protection. His "Sport of
a Game Stripped Land" is a startling il
lustration of the conditions in South
Michigan. Ohio and Indiana. "Squirrel
Huntiner." "Planting Landlocked Salmon
and Steelhead Trout," "The Camera
Hunter," "Bicycling," "Bards of the
Bushes." "A Country Home of the Old
Regime," "Ten Inches from the Tape."
"Possum Hunting." "The Sportsman's
Viewpoint," by Caspar Whitney, and
numerous up to date departments com
plete a well rounded number.
Beginning with the June number of the
Century Magazine a notable feature of
its serial fiction will be the new novelette
by Frances Hodgson Burnett, which is
the first serial story from the pen of this
diirtireuished writer for several years. Its
tltlf- is "The Making of a Marchioness."
and It is =tated that it will be one of the
most brilliant contributions to The Cen
tury's "Year of Romance." It is said to
be in the author's^ most charming vein,
and to be net historical but certainly ro
mantic — a sort cf society "fairy story"
without fairies. Its scene is laid in an
English country house, where an amiable
Ei glish nobleman is the center of matri
monial interests on the part of both the
English and Americans present. The
.story will be published in book form in
September next with most attractive il
lustrations and decorations and In a
dainty binding, by Frederick A. Stokes
Company. . "
Eden* Phlllpotts has completed his col-
If ction of Devonshire stories, and it is to
be publishpd on August 17 in America and
in Great Britain under the title of-'^The
Strikiner Hours." The work lies in the
same field as that of "Children of the
Mist,", and contains the very cream of Its
author's wcrk in the field of shorter fic
tion. 'He has chosen hts title from the
following words by Dr. Martineau: "Goft
has so arranged the chronometry of our
spirits that there shall be thousands of
silent moments between the striking
hours."
¦week by Doubleday. Page & Co.
A woil-Vriown dramatis* remarks +r.e
mater'al for a play . in "Joscelyn cne
shire." row attractive attention as a se
rial in Everybody's Marline. Mrs. Sara
Beaumont Kennedy has' "achieved some
fine situations .and dramatic periods,
singularly free from those strained cli
maxes that mar so many of our # novel3
and novel plays. If the dramatist can only
oateh the distinct colonial flavor of the
town-life of the old South, this dashing
and convincing tale may well be a stage
success. The book will be published tnis
. Cwer. Johnson's novel . "Arrows of tT»f
Almighty." has just run Into its third eui
tion within a month cf Its publication,
and a fourth edition Is announced of* 11 :* 9
Gwendolen Overtoil's novel. "The Hern
age 'cf Unrest." .'_ jf :
Word rnm»3 from London that Sir Wal
ter Besant's continued illness Is- causing
Sifat anxiety to hfs friends— and no E J"*~
IIe1\ author has more friends than he. his
latest work. "East London." Is said to
have stirred up some strife because of tne
writer's apparent- attempt to "American
ize" Enplish spelling; but this quietea
down when it was learned that the booK
was printed from plates made in Amend.
believe she murdered a. young woman in
the same house last week-quite a pretty
girl, too.' " ' , - , • > \ : r-."
i Miss Rodgers Is a younff writer of cai
ifornia who should-have- a future before
her In- the rich field of material open to
short story writers in the West. She nas
a sympathetic- forceful pen and her pic
tures are realistic.
- Literary Notes.
PRACTICAL HYPOTISM— By Comte C.
de Saint-Germain. Laird & Lee. Chicago.
75 cents.
HIS GREAT SELF— By Marion Har
land. J. B. Lippincott Company, Phila
delphia. In paper, 50 cents.
THE CROSS ROADS OF 'DESTINY—
By John P. Ritter. G. W. Dilllnsham,
New York. • $1 25. k
THE LUCK OF A LOWLAND LAD
DIE—By May Crommelin. F. M. Bucklea
& Co.. New York. SI 23.
A STATE SECRET— By B. M. Croker.
F. M. Buckles & Co.. New York. $1 25.
NORMAN HOLT— By General Charles
Kins. G. W. Dillingham Company. New
York. $1 25. .
THE LUCK OF THE VAILS-By E. *F.
Benson. D. Appleton & Co., New York
$1 50.
' THE CURIOUS COURTSHIP OF KATE
POINS— By Louis Evan Shlpman. D. Ap
pleton & Co.. New York. $1 50. '
THE SYMPHONY OF LIFE— By Henry
Wood. Lee & Shepard, Boston. $1 25.
SAWDUST AND SPANGLES— Stories
and Secrets of the Circus— By W. C. Coup.
Herbert S. Stone & Co., Chicago. ¦
FLOWERS AND FERNS IN THEIR
HAUNTS-By Mabel Osgood Wright. The
Macmillan Company. New York. $2 50.
INSECT LIFE— By John Henry Com
stock. D. Appleton & Co., New York.
$1 75.
THE CRISIS— By TVlnston Churchill.
The Macmillan Company. New York. $1.50.
FOUNDATION RITES— By Lewis Day
ton Burdick. The Abbey Press. New
York. $1 50.
TWO MEN AND SOME WOMEN— By
Walter Marion Raymond. The Abbey
Pre=j>. New York. $1.
FIGHTING AGAINST FATE— By Moses
D. Morris. The Abbey Press, New
York. $1.
WITH A POLICEMAN IN SOUTH
AFRICA— By E. W. Searle. The Abbey
Presa. Ne,w York. 75 cents.
LIFE'S SPRINGTIME OR LIFE, IT3
AIM AND METHOD— By J. N. Fraden
burgh. D.D.. LL.D. The Abbey Press.
New York. SI.
IN DEEP ABYSS-By Georges Ohnet.
translated by Fred Rothwell, B. A. Fun't
& "Wagnalla Company. New York. $1 20,
THE TRANSFIGURATION OF MISS
PHILURA— By Florence Morse Klnprsley.
Funk & Wagnalte Company. New York.
60 cents.
FOR CHARLIE'S PAKE AND OTHE71
LYRICS AND BALLADS — Bv John
"Williamson Palmer. Funk & Wagnalls
Company. New Vork. ¦ $1.
THE HEROINE OF SANTIAGO— By
Antoinette Sheppard. The Abbey Press.
New Tor*. $1.'
THE DOOMED TURK— By E. Mlddlp
ton. The Abbey Press. New York. 50
cent*.
THOUGHTS IN VERSE— Bv Duncan
Francis Young. The Abbey Press, New
York. 75 cents.
A ROMANCE TN MEDITATION— By
Elaine L. Field. The Abbey Press, New
Yo^k. 50 rents.
THE SOLDIER'S REVENGE— By Flor
ence N. Craddock. The Abbey Press. Xew
York. $1.
THE MYSTERY OF THE MARBLP;-
TON'S— By M. Mackln. The Abbey Press.
New York. 50 cents.
A MISTRESS OF MANY MOODS-
Translated from the French of Anctr«
Theurlet by Charlotte Boardman Roger-'.
The Abbey Pre?s. New York. -50 cent".
SOXGS OF THE SUSQUEHAN'NA- Ty
Alfred E. Hostelley. Sherman & Co.,
printers. Philadelphia.
TARRY TIJOU TILL I COME-Py
George Croly. Funk & "Wagnalls Com
pany. _2*ew York. $1 50.
any strict sense a story of Roman lifeanri
'customs, but rather a setting forth of th^
great universal democratic movement
over, the whole world at the beginning o*
the twentieth century.
"In Rome Mr, Hall Calne has lived for
some ( years at Trinita de* Monti, in an
apartment which belongs to Count Nigrn,
our embassador at Venice. From it then*
is one of the finest and most artistic pan
oramas of our Italian capital, which, with
the cupolas of its hundreds of churche-.
Its towers and its monuments, the wit
nesses of so many changes and so marv
glories, extends around in a semlcircl .
from the Qufrinal to the Vatican, from
the Janiculum to the Aventine. Before
this imposing and suggestive view the il
lustrious writer has ' written his nev
story. 'The Eternal City.' "
"The Eternal City" will be published by
the Appletons early in the autumn.
Books Received.
Eternal City." it is not because it is in
even those things which for a stranger
must be. difficult to understand. He has
visited the Vatican and the prisons; he
has taken part in the carnival feasts as
well as in the miseries of the poor; he has
mixed with the highest aristocracy, with
the nobility, with the learned, with those
who. are struggling 'for a political ideal
and the conquest of humanity.
£! "A few words to explain the title of his
new romance. Although he calls it 'The
* -THE SUNDAY : ; CAIifc. : ~— ":-•
4
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
! The booK every-
| ho<*y is talHing
[•QUINCYADAM/JAwYIR] j
> AH6 MASON'S CORKER FOLKS £
4 "Tks VUlac* Gossips wonduwl wh* k> »»•. '¦>
1 ' what *• wu. what hi urn* tar. uxi how I
I • loaf h« tnuadtd to >ur." i
The best Hew England I
story ever written. |
Over 100,000 »'„£. I
Jit all booksellers I
L c/ ar * P_ u hx9Z:^ o l t ™I~ m J
BOUGHT DnO7Q BOUGHT
am SOLD J3VJVJJS.O and- SOLD
9 HAVE YOU ANY BOOKS O
LYING flBOUT THE HOUSE j^
• YOU DO NOT WANT •
Books Bought and Sold for Cash,
r S3 noUI/ITT 318 POST STREEr.
K Ilia U8WIM. San Francisco, Cal.
__ — _
The Books Reviewed
ON THIS PAGE
Can Be Obtained at
ROBERTSON'S,
126 POST STREET,
SAX FRASaSCO.- '
Prices are alvvavs in the
Reading Notices. Postage, is
free.
A. M. ROBERTSON. ...
GREAT AMERICAN NOVEL^k
Jg The Mosi Popular Novel ii\ America..
H ; "Maurice . Thompson' s * 'Alice of Old - Vinccnnes.' ' is a H
B : ' delightful and" instructive story of Revolutionary days in the ; West. S|
11 ; : •--: ".-The New^ork' Herald says,'" '.' 'Alice of Old Vincennes' is I
u& quite the best of romances dealing with the Revolution. " ' Ma
A^tAll Bookstores. Jmand professional men residing, In the vari
ous States and provinces. The internation
al 'committee raises • money and expends
the same for 'association in North
America and the 'nori-ChriSLAcin lands.
¦:' There are more '.than 6000 Young Men's
Christian Associations In , the .world, of
which over 1500 are under the "watchful
eyes .of secretaries .chosen by the inter
national -committee/ Eight secretaries
have general"; oversight of the students'
associations, of which j there are some 600,
with nearly 32,000 members. " Six secretar
ies .devote their .entire time to for
the welfare of • the railroad associations.
Of these" there are 151, having 37,000 paying
members, . and carrying , on al work which
costs'**' about"" 5550,000 a. 'year, 1 uiie-halC of
which sum is contributed by the railroad
companies. Three secretaries supervise
work growing out .of the -Spanish-Ameri
can'and South' African wars, embracing
army posts in the United States, Cuba,
Porto Rico, Alaska, the Philippines and
in the camps of the Canadian troops in
South Africa. .--¦ * * '• .,".. • .
The naval branch of the work Is also im
portant. There are associations at several
navy yards and on battieships and cruis
ers. At ' the ¦ Brooklyn yard, a splendid
building, • intended- to be- the- headquarters
of the; naval branch of the Y.lM. C. A.,
is Vearing completion. It is being Rejected
by*' the •.Women's Auxiliary of the inter
national, committee, and chiefly^at the ex
pense of Miss Helen CIoulu.r.AVli«Ji> rcauy
The total membership of associations in
North America and' the non-Christian
lands" is probably at this time over 300,'
000." The value of real estate owned by
associations,; over and above incum-'
brances, is 52(7,246,437. The expenditures
of the international: committee have in
creased from about $b00 ¦ In 1866 to some
where between $160,000 and $18U,000 in 1900.
This sum is raised almost entirely by the
committee' itself." The State and provin r !
cial committees expend • not . far from
il'W.lM) per annum and 'the local: commit-
"It is believed that the figures of the re
cent'English'census will prove more re
liable than, any similar returns pr_evioual-»
made.
: . ' -¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ - /
others look out for association libraries,
for the; department of'- physical .culture
and healthful sports,^ for, administrative,
work in the home office and for the large
publishing business. */¦ ; • * . .
This convention will be made notable
above any of its predecessors by. the at
tendance of , distinguished men to the
number, of more than 100 from twenty for
eign countries, representing Europe,. Asia,
Australasia, Africa and South America.
This' gratifying feature will be chiefly the
rttult of the personal visitations and
Shuey of Dayton, Ohio. All of the for
eign delegates and guests of the inter
national committee from abroad are ex
pected to speak upon special topics or
participate in general discussion, and re
ports will be made by the foreign secre
tarles_from Calcutta. Peking and other
places. Army and navy secretaries will
tell of the work done in field and camp
in 'the Philippines, South Africa, Cuba
and China.
Trie central agency for. the 'extension
and. supervision of its work in '-North '.
America is centered in a body of men,"
forty-five in number, known as the inter- ;
national -committee. .;.These are = business'
these associations are many "associate
members," who, because of the liberal
spirit of the Young Menls Christian As
sociation, are enabled to \ co-operate with
members In -full fellowship in the work
of elevating the morals. of ' young men.
without the sacrifice of. any principle, or ¦
duty -which they hold sacred. On the
whole, Mr. Stokes .was greatly Impressed
with wluithe beheld in the various coun
tries of the old world, and he returned,
more" than ever convinced "that there .is,
no other organization that does so much
lor young: men. ' i
y p=jr3HERE Is a perfect whistling Ian-
I guage used by the aborigines of
]l> Canary Islands, and the people can
. " . ' communicate with each other over
long distances. A stranger wandering
over the islands is frequently surprised
to hear from a hilltop. the soun- of loud
whistling, which is quickly repeated on
the next hill, and so is carried from sum
mit to summit, until it dies -away in the
distance. '
But perhaps the most curious means of
communication In the world Is tfie drum
language of an African tribe, named, as
nearly^ as the. word can be represented in
our letters, Thang-Tu. These queer peo
ple can talk to each other with large
drums made of bamboo hoops, over which
the skin cf some animal Is stretched. The ¦
drum is used only on important occasions
' — such as the meeting of war or the trial
of some members of the tribe who have
broken some of the complex religious
rules. Then the head man of the village,
who is hidden behind a rough grass
screen, asks Questions of the witnesses
by tapping'on- the drum, and finally de
| livers judgment by giving either the three
' sharp -.bangs, - which means death to the
prisoner, or the one lisht tap. that means
freedom. ' .
Aborigines That
Whistle Their
Words.
tees more than $2,M0,C2<J.
It was during a walk across Black
friars bridge one Sunday evening in May,
1S44, that George Williams, a clerk In the
large establishment of George Hitchcock
&. Co., in St. Paul's Church yard, sug
gested to his friend and fellow-clerk, Ed
ward Beaumont, that they broaden the
religious work then carried on in a small
way in- the Hitchcock establishment by
interesting the employes of other houses
and organizing a society to strive to im
prove the moral and spiritual conditions
cf London clerks generally. A few day3
later these two young men took the in
itiative and sent out a call whose exacs
wording was as' fellows: "You are in
vited to attend a meeting to consider the
advisability of forming a society for im
proving" the spiritual condition of young
men engaged in the drapery and other
trades." To this call thirteen clerks re
sponded. The meeting was' held in young
Ayilliams' bedroom, which was a part of
the building in which George Hitchcock &
Co. did business. There was considerable
discussion as to What name should bo
given to the new society, and finally it
was voted to. call it the. "Young Men's
Christian Association."
This was the beginning of the great re
ligious and fraternal organization which
has spread over the civilized world and
become a tremendous power for good, es
pecially among the^young men.
for occupancy it will have cost more than
$300,000. This institution will be a sort of
club for the officers and men of the navy,
and combine social and religious advant
ages to a degree not heretofore attempted.
Other secretaries of the international
committee have supervision of the asso
ciations among the colored men, the In
dians, and in China, Japan, India, Ceylon
and South America. There are also five
field secretaries residing hi Chicago, New
York, Minneapolis, Atlanta and Kansas
City, whose work Is that of organizing/
stimulating and developing associations
In the United States and Canada. Still
splendid generosity of James Stokes, who,
as a special representative of the inter
national committee of the Y. M. C. A.,
made a journey around, the world and a
supplemental trip to Kurope entirely at ¦
his personal expense, to draw attention
to the Boston jubilee and to extend invi
tctions to distinguished foreigners to at
tend it. Mr. Stokes visited Hawaii,
Japan, China, India, Ceylon, Egypt and
all cf the countries of Europe.. -His ac
count of his traveis, his receptions, and
Iiis observations is most interesting;- With
Se single exception of Hongkong he
und no city in which the Y. M. C. A.
was not firmly established and .doing a
gooJ work. In that city he was told by a
prominent English clergyman that there
was "plenty of money for boat races, lit
tle for the church and none at all for the
Y. M. C. A." .
In Tokio, on the other hand, he was
more than pleased with the situation.
There he addressed a flourishing associa
tion, which occupies a building of its own,
erected at a cost of $30,000, and whose
president is the Chief Justice of the Su
preme Court of Japan. India was found
to be thoroughly organized with 125 as*
sociatioris, having more than 6000 mem
bers. In some. of the cities visited Mr.
Stokes saw Christians, Jews, and Budrt
h'sts working side by side in theY.-M.
C. A., a state of affairs not paralleled in
any other organization in the worjd;-re-
ton association ami citizens at historic
Faneuil Hal!. Upon the third day a tab
let will be unveiled- in the Old South
Meeting House, where the Boston assi
ciatjon was organized in the year 1S51.
Many entertainments and short excur
sions to historic places in the vicinity of
the Hub have been planned by the Bos
ton association to occur at odd times'" dur
ing the week, and each clay while the con
vention lasts that association will provide
a luncheon for all the delegates, which
will be served in Mechanics' Building. On
the day following final adjournment there
will be an excursion down the bay to
Plymouth Rock, where an oration will be
delivered upon "The Spirit of the Puritans
the Spirit of the Young Men of the ; Twen
tieth Century." '
Many distinguished men have accepted
invitations to the convention.
Among them are President McKinley and
Lord Strathcona, whose acceptances, how
ever, are necessarily conditional; Bishops
' Potter of New York and Baldwin of To
ronto; "the presidents of Knox College,
Toronto; Brown University. Union Theo
logical Seminary, Clark University, Colo
rado College, Tuskegee Institute, -and
Oberlin Theological Seminary; President
Lucius Tuttle of the Boston and Maine
Railroad, and a score or more of business
men, including James II. Eckels of Chi
cago, Selden P. Spencer of St. Louis, Col
onel John J. McCook of New York, Her-
y-f 1ST to think of It! Fifty years. &
I half a century, since the Young
\ Ken'* Christian Association of
s% J North America first saw the light
of day. It may seem a ion? time
but. considering; the most remarkable
growth of that organization, it is a mere
nothing.
Fifty years ago there was but one as
sociation: now the number is legion,
and the gcod work is being carried on in
nearly every city, town and small village
of the whole preat I'nited States.
And now they are to have a celebration
on the biggest scale ever known in the
history of the organization. Moreover,
this jubilation will probably be the most
notable religious movement of modern
times i-nd it is a tit beginning for the new
page of the twentieth century that the
association his just turned STer. This
thirty-fourth annual convention will be
hHd in Boston for five days from June
11 to June 16.
The first Young Men's Christian Associ
ation in the wr;rid was organized i.i Lon
don In lf>U and the firs-t in America at
Montreal December 9. 1S51. The work in
the United States was begun with the
formation of the Boston association on
December 29 of the same year. The first
delegated gathering of the North Amer
ican associations met in Buffalo on June
7, 1?34, and the first world's conference
assembled at Paris on August 20, 1S5-",.
under the name ''Conference Universelle
des Unions Chretiennes de Jeunes Gens."'
Thj purpose of the jubilee convention
will be to review the progress of the as-'
social ions of North America for the half
century; to examine critically the re
sults, methods, and actual conditions and
plans cf these associations in the light of
the providential principles and purposes
of the association movement: to inaugu
rate an aggressive spiritual movement in
the associations on behalf of the young 1
men of North America and of the non-
Christian world, and to promote jaoiid
¦wide unity among young men who are
engaged in association work. All depart
ments of the Y. M. C. A. work will be
represented by delegates at this conven
tion, including leaders from nearly every
city and. town organization, as well as
the organizations for students, railroad
men, soldiers and sailors, colored men,
Indians, and other special classes.
The principal sessions of the convention
¦will be held in the Mechanics' Building,
which contains an auditorium capable of
mating 20,000 people. Overflow meetings,
it Is thought, will be necessary, and if so
they will take place In a number of the
large churches in the vicinity of Me
chanics* Building. An attractive feature
of the meeting* in the big auditorium
¦will be the singing by trained choruses,
one serving at day sessions and the other
at the night meetings, each under its
cwn director, but supervised by the vet
eran chorus leader and singer, Ira D. j
Sankey.
Another feature cf the convention will
be B full and comprehensive exhibit of
the growth of the American associations
during tfce last half-century. Its object
will be to show the evolution of the asso
ciaticn movement and to represent the
means used and the varied character and
quality of the work done. It will contain
material from the various branches of the
iis>-cc-iation, arranged in departments, such
as historical, religious, educational, physi
tal, hoys' work, army and navy work and
miscellaneous. Interesting exhibits from
*orn« of the foreign associations have al-
K.-aOy been received. Awards of merit
\vi!l be given for the be^t showings in the
various departments.
At the opening session of the convention*
addresses of welcome will be delivered
l>y leading citizens of Massachusetts, and
at the evening session of the same day a
reception will be tendered to President
McKinley, Lord Strathcona, High Com
missioner for Canada, and a number of
distinguished personages who bear greet
ings from foreign governments. During
the week there will be receptions ; to the
delegates by Governor Crane at the State
House, and under the auspices of the Bos-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
THE STORY OF THE YOUNG MEN'S
CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATIONKITES are destined to play a part
in sport. They have been used
with great success a« a means to
stop partridges rising and flying
from cover where it is wished to keep
them for shooting. The birds will not.rUe
when -Idtes are Hying above them, fear
ing, doubtless, uiiacK. ¦
And now tha kite has been used for
lishing.
Tho credit of discovering the possibili
ties of air-line fishing is due to Mr. Ed
ward Horsman, the great Kite expert a.nd
manufacturer. V . . ¦• ... -
A NOVEL USE FOR KITES
MONTE CARLO RAN
FOUR HUNDREAD
THOUSAND A YEAR
«n? PERMIT to the. Monte .Carlo
//_\\ Casino Company, has just been is-
Jr* sued and shown that there has
been a sufficiently large decrease
In fhe net profits to cause a dWlaena to
be decked 10 francs, p# share smaller
than for the preceding year—
This duclinu in the net profits of the
roulette a..d trente et quarante tables
:; due not to any fallir.K oft in the re
ceipts, 'Which, indeed, are larger than
thoss of the preceding twelve months,
but to the enormous increase in the ex
penses which the Casino Company has to
bc*.\ Most of these additional , expenses
go into the pocket of the' Frince of Mon
aco, as he only coasented to renew the
concession to ihe . company for another
per.od of fifty y-.is, dating from 1900, on
'he condition that the payments made to
Mm were largely augmented. -
- Formerly 'he rece»ved for his privy
pi-rse a sum of Slijii.toO a year from the
r-Gmpariy. This year, and from now on,
this allowance is increased to $400,000 a
year, which is over and above the money
paid to him by the company for the ex
penses of his court, j of his Government,
of his body guaru and of his police. _ <
The .company pays .he salaries of all
the Judges and Magistrates of the princi
pality, iurmshes lue money for prizes,
for the for pigeon shooting and
devotes $500,000 per aiinuifi to the Prince
of Monaco's theater and orchestra. >The
inhabitants of the , principality pay no
taxes or rent, everything being defrayed
by the company. - ¦ ¦¦¦ -: ! - .• . ;
As a holder of a large blocks of shares
in the company and. as one of the dozen
stockholders of the 1 concern, the Prince
derives a large income from the -tables
in the way of dividends, '•• / • " ;
The business is owned Jointly by. Ed-'
mond Blanc, son of the four.der; his two
brothers-in-law, Prince Roland Bonaparte
a"nd Prince Constantine Radi'will, and the.
Prince of Monaco. . •¦. ->', . '
No mention is made in the annual re
port of the fact. tha. the number of sui
cides of the principality Is cuperior to the
rumber. of. ; living inhabitants; but. then
the suicides are all foreigners. , v
LIFE OF THE UNIVERSITY
TWENTIETH century cynics who
delight in iterating the % . tart fact,
"As the men . do, so also do the.
women." "doubtless . found satisfac
tion in noting what occurred at a
meeting of the Women's University Club
in New York" recently.
- There was an attendance of abou'. sixty.
A resolution was adopted providing for an
organization to include all alumnae hav
ing degrees, with the avowed purpose of
possessing a clubhouse. Several of these
.present spoke of the good work doi e by
non-graduates and teachers who are in
cluded in the various colleg; clubs, and it
was urged that such memb.rs could bring
to a woman's university club a great deal
of enthusiasm and support, as they had
already done for the college organizations.
¦ Now, to any one who has hot considered
the matter, a statement of tne number of
college and fraternity club9 in the metrop
olis and the cozy and costly clubhouses
they maintain would ->be astonishing.
Within a very recent period there . have
%een a surprising number of these organi
zations consummated right in the. heart of
the city. ' • .
f The erowth of club life in this new
country, and particularly ir^ New York
City, has been remarkably accentuated by
the fosmation of college dining club's and
their J ; subsequent establishment as full
fledged clubs with central and thoroughly
equipped homes.
; The flourishing. . Yale Club has' Just
moved into its new ten-story. building in
West Forty-fourth street. The Princeton
Club, which not long ago leased . a large
double house at th- corner of Park avenue
and Thirty-fourth street; and the Cornell
Club, recently . ensconced In a. huge mod
ern apartment house In-West Forty-third
street, l not to mentipn the superb home of
the; Harvard Club, ..opposite the Yale
, Club! in West .Forty-fourth street, and
the still more palatial University ' club
house,- at [ Fifth ¦ avenue . and Fifty-Fourth
street; Indicate this trend. ' ¦••:,-.
Among the. lesser known college clubs
The Quarters oif
Yale, Harvard
aimd Pjrfliraeetoin.
and fraternities which now have homes in
the metropolis are the Delta PsI, in East
Twenty-eighth street; .the Delta Phi. in
East Forty-ninth street: the Alpha Delta
Phi, in, West Thirty-third street; the Phi
Gamma Delta; the Delta Kappa\ Epsilon,
in West Thirty-first street;, the Psi Upsl
lon, in West Thirty-fourth street; the Zeta
Psi, in West Thirty-fourth street; the
Theta Delta Chi. on upper Broadway; the
Barnard Club, the City College Club and
the St. Anthony's Club of Delta Psi.
Others which have a permanent organi
zation here, although they, have not yet
secured permanent quarters, are the Am
herst, Brown, Dartmouth, Trinity, Wil
liams, Unio.i and University" of Virginia
Alumni associations.
The new building of the Yale Club, at
Kos. 30 and 32 West Fourty-fourth street,
from. an artistic point of view -is one of
the most beautiful of its. kind extant, and
a notable, ornament to a block which has
already several clubhouses upon it.
This/ten story building, on a plat $0x105
feet,; represents an expenditure of $375,000.
The architects, Messrs. 'Tracy & Swart
wout, Yale aiumni. ; of course, are very
young men, ami their achievement in se
curing this commission and planning' a
structure so commodious . and ' artistic Is
another noteworthy. factor in the college
club life of this city. - W
-The upper and lower stories of theclub
house are faced with white marble; red
brick forming the intermediate wall. The
first floor contains the cafe, billiard*' and
visitors' rooms, and a grill "that promises
to be one of the cosiest and most distinc
tive, inv the metrbpolis. The second floor
has.a spacious lounging room and library.
On the ninth floor are the dining rooms,
private, class and general. The tenth
floor contains the kitchen, storerooms
and servants* quarters, and over this
will be a' roof garden. The remaining
floors are divided into sixty-four suites
of bachelor quarters, ranging from one
to seven or eight rooms.
The Yale Club was organized only three
years ago, with about six hundred mem
bers, yet • its present club house, facing
Madison square, has been so successful
that larger quarters were found to be
necessary fully a year ago, and the
Building Committee quickly selected a
Bite,' had the requisite means pledged,
and set about erecting the new home.
The Yale Club is one of the very few
clubs of any pert whose restaurant has
shown a profit from the first. Together
i with the cafe and the cigar counter, the
profits from this cne source amounted to
about $14,000 last year.
'Yale's perennial rival. Harvard, has
been housed in its princely home just op
posite for several years, and seefns quite
as prosperous. ' The Harvard Club of
New York was organized away back in
1863, Incorporated in 1SS7, and it purchas
ed, the site of Its clubhouse In 1S92. It la
a stately old colonial structure, three, sto
ries high, the exterior of Harvard brick,
laid like that of the historic Harvard
Gates In Flemish bond, with Indiana
limestone trimmings, reminiscent of old
Holworthy ami the Hancock and Tu*dor
houses which used to adorn Beacon Hill.
Within the ; cheerful Harvard crimson
everywhere prevails, well calculated to
warm the cockles of the crustiest old
heart ever planted in an alumnus. The
.big front doors open Into a fine white col
onial vestibule; thence leads the broad
hallway, with a great fireplace at one
;end, and an ample staircase, with slender
white balusters surmounted by a heavy
mahogany rail. A big crimson rug em
phasizes the loyal color scheme of all the
rooms on the ground floor, as does the fa-
Bah! rah! rah!
nah! rah! rah!
Rah! rah!
Stanford:
TI1B university ait .Palo Alto boasts
of some fine and daisv "fiat"
houses.
They also boast that tnev are
larger and finer than . those Pt
Berkeley. One thing that certainly helps
out. their appearance is their swell lawn*
and their great profusion of ilowers.
But Palo Alto truly seems ta be the
land of sunshine and flowers, so whether
nature or the boys are to be siven credit
for the posies is . a difficult problem to
solve.
. One thing is certain, however, vhete Is
more college life at Stanford than at
Berkeley. But then again it's *-asi!v ac
counted for. The boys can't cet 'v/ay
from Palo Alto and run to the theater or
to some popular cafe to listen to the
music. '.'
They are, in a measure, dependent upon
themselves for amusement and recre
ation.
The majority of "frat" houses arc on
the campus, .and almost in a' row, but
there, are still, a few swell ones in l'aio
Alto. . i .
The Sigma Alpha, Epsilon house looks
large enough to. comfortably hold a.n e.i
tire regiment.
. The reception hall is a perfectly im
mense room, and serves all kinds of pur
poses. A four-foot or>en fireplace de
mands that the piano and music box be
there, and all kinds of easy chatrs.
The billiard room opens just off, uith
folding- doors, so the players can catch
the cheer and still enjoy their game. .
Opening from the billiard room is a cozy
spot for any one who wishes a quit-.t
hour with a book. On the other side of
the hall is the dining room, so a fellow of
moods may be happy and not "waik a
d<izen miles, either. '
The house is certainly an ideal one fcr
entertaining, as the rooms are large and
the rugs rnd chairs can be pushed back
in a jiffy.
Directly across the street from the S.
A. E.'s is the cozy home of the Kappa
Sigma boys.
Their house isn't^ large, but it's a bower
of roses outside and full of good natura
and fun inside.
Instead of having two or thr«e '.ables'in
the dining room, they have one bread,
long one. and everybody sits where he
can see and "josh" the other fellow. For
there's always another fellow— you know.
The boys are hospitable, too, and have
a charming way of . entertaining the'r
friends, or even their friends' friends.
The house is iu'.lt In a fa-shlan tftat
most of the bedrooms are dormer ones, so
their rooms are all different thanes and
ail furnished in different styles. Ttie one
thing that most of them possess is a lish
ret packed full of photos, urogrammes
and tinv odds and ends.
By the way, all the houses at Stanford
have a matron, or a house-mother, a3
they affectionately call her.
If she likes her boys she Is Indeed a
mother and . the buttons are a'.l in plate
and the toes of their socks don't "nave the
satisfaction of getting holey.
But like everything else, there • are
matrons and matrons, and maybe one
reason why the Kappa Sigma fallows are
so jolly is on account of their "mother."
They all say so, anyhow.
The Deltas Tan Deltas have a roomy
house in "Palo Alto.
; Their broad veranda is almost inclosed
in roses and climbing vines and there are
shady trees that invite one to rest.
The hall is -large but isn't partlcularly
invitiry;. It's too cmr.panlh'ed ami stiff
looking. But they have the jolliest Ori
ental room just off and it's rather a sur
prise to everybody.
A card room opens on" from the -hall,
and this many colored, fascinating cor
ner opens from the card loom. A casual
caller would never dream that a room
piled high with soft pillows, draped In
dull cclcrc and filled with sweet incense
.was almost within arm's reach.
That is where the boys rest and spin
yarns— anc" at the same time they can
keep en pye on tho?e plaving cards.
It seems to be a trait of the Sigma Nu
tribe to i-xtend tr-.f glad hand to their
friends. They simply can't do enough to
make one's visit pleasant, and it's "can't
you rtay to dinner: we'ii be so j?5ad to
have you," or <- stay over with us."
Their htme is sandwiched in between
two "Prof.'s" homes and the chaps have
to be eternally on their good behavior.
That makes it bad in one way. but may
be that is one reason why they turn out
so many strapping athletes and point so
proudly to their picture gallery of nota
bles.
One thins that is usually in evidence
there is the football that won Stanford
her Jest game. Jt occupies the best chair
cr nestles among the pillows or stands on
the table, but it is usually there in full
view. It serves as a mascot, and so far
\ T&M JSUN DA Y CALL.
The advantage -of fishing from a kite is
that the tisheriran may stand on the
shore while his bait is dropped far out at
sea; also, that timid fi-.h are not scared
by 3oeing fishing rods or boats when an
a:r line is use .. For kite fish' ig stiong
kites are llown, t'~> string carrying -a
small pullev ..hrouph Milch the nsh lin<^
runs.. One jiid oftne fish line is l.eld by
the fisherman on shore; tae other, which
is weighted, drppj from the pulley as, the
ascent is made, and dips into the sea. At
the moment when a i.sh snaps at the bait
and is hooked, the fisherman feeJs the
puil on his line, the kite is quickly hauled
in, and the fish is dragged in at the same
time. Mr.' Horsman has caught many, a
.hne sea fish in thi3 way.— Pearson's Mag
azine.
6
IN THE FRATERNITY... of , two snapping turtles was 'a
Japanese. A native traveler In Japan
had bought the turtles, and, being afraid
that he would be charged heavily for
their, transportation as live animals on
the train, he placed them in a small por
table trunk which he carried. .When he
got ; on the ' train he held the trunk . so
carefully under his arm that a thief wlio
was in the crowd was sure the man had
something valuablein the box. So he got
into. the same car and took an'adjoining
seat. Taking the. first opportunity he cut
a small* hole, in the trunk 'with a sharp
knife and slipped in his hand.
Thief Caught by TurtLes.
e=jj=3 HE»pickpocket who tried to "pinch"
II ;¦ a likely looking man's pocketbook
ll and. found his fingers in the grasp
WE were 'sitting on the rocks, on 1
the margin of the best and larg
est pool, smoking and chatting,
_says Louis Becke, describing in
The Leisure Hour how fish are drug
ged * and caught In the South Seas,
when, at a sign from the Kusfs, who was
the head man or local. chief of the village^
the women took their bundles of oap, and
laying the plants upon the smooth por
tipns of the reef, began to pound them
"with round, heavy stones brought from
the village for the purpose. As each bun-"
die was crushed and the sticky white juice
exuded, it was, rolled into a ball, u^ed like
a s-ponge to wipe up and absorb the liquid
that had escaped, anil then handed to the
men and who leaped Into i the pool
and dived "to* the bottom,' thrusting the
balls of dap underneath .every lower ledge
and crevice, and. then rising quickly to the
Bur/aoing and clambering out again.
In lens than five minutes the once crys
tal water had changed to a ( pale mllky
wnite, thousands upon thousands of tiny
fish about half, an inch in length arid Of.
many .hues began* to rise to the surface;* 1
then others" of larger size, which the wo
men at once scooped 'up .with "small nets;
then presently^ with much splashing, and
floundering, two or. three of 'the hand-'
some red ush, .with a great leather jacxet,
came up and, lying on their sides, flap
ped helplessly on the surface. Other klnas,
of the mullet species, came with them,
trying to swim upright; but always fall
ing over on their sides, and yet trying to'
lift: their heads., above the water - an .• if
gapping for air. .Then more big leather
jacKets, some of which' shot up from be
low as. if they had been. fired from a mor
tar, and running head' on to the -rocky
wall of the pool,- allowed themselves to be
lifted out without a struggle. It was most
exciting and t intensely interesting to. wit-,
ness. Out of this one pool— which, I think,'
was not more than fifteen yards across —
we obtained many hundredweights of fish,"
and three- "turtles. ' All .fish too ' small
to bo eaten were^thrown ; into other pools
to recover from the effects of the oap.
CATCH SOUTH SEA
FISH BY
DRUGGING THEM
street. The "Dickty Boys" have always
been a populous and popular set. Their
present quarte/s are much less ambitious
than their former home on Fifth avenue,
fcut are commodious and comfortable
withal. • The luncheon and dinner feature
of D. K, E. is more attractive than ever
to-day — in fact, the board of governors
has made it a point to wean away the
third story hall room alumnus who comes
to New York to make his way in the
world, and they are doing a real serv.ee in
making" the fraternity headquarters a.
homelike and helpful place for "Dickeys"
from every chapter In the country.
There are 3000 or more brothers in
Greater New York. For their benefit there
is under contemplation the organization
of a business bureau or clearing house,
whose objects shail be — first, to counsel
young men in the choice* of a business or
profession; second, to aid by introduc
tions; third, to give advice and assistance
in reference to business relations and op
portunities; fourth, to collect Information
likely to be of use and encourage mem
bers? in reporting business vacancies and
opportunities, and, fifth, to keep on file
personal data regarding each member,
his age, occupation, etc.
The Yale Club has a committee with
somewhat similar functions. A's an ex
ample of the practical good that such. a
scheme affords, a member of the D. K. E.
cited this instance: "During the last
twenty 7 five.years Walter S. Carter has as
sisted, at a conservative . estimate, over
2000 young men In securing employment,
and has undoubtedly organized more firms
for young men than any other one man
in New York. He has given a start in
life to mote D. K. E.'s than perhaps any
Many College and
Fraternity
Houses Ready.
mous Harvard banner, the gift of Mrs.
Joseph H. Choate, Mrs. Charles C. Bea
rnan, Mrs. George Blagden and Mrs. Ed
ward King, conspicuously hung on the
wall near by.
The Princeton Club dates back to 1SC6,
when the Princeton Alumni Association
of New York was founded, with a view to
perpetuating: the annual alumni dinners
in this city. In 1SS6, under the leadership
of fcuch well known Princetonians as
Hoses Taylor Payne. John Cadwalader.
Charles Scribner and James XV. Alex
ander, it was organized Into a club. With
a steady growth in membership, the idea
of a clubhouse grew; until the loyal sons
of Old Nassau saw their way clear to
leasing the premises they now occupy.
Many things symbolic of Old Nassau
grace the interior cf the Princeton rlub,
not the least being a b!g. handsome
stuffed tiger on the mantelpiece of the
reading-room.
Turning from the "Bis Three"— Yale.
Harvard and Princeton— one naturally
Mops, to consider the composite college
u'.umni organization, the University Club
of New York. Nowhere In American club
dom can a finer home be found. The great
i,ianiie building on Fifth avenue, in
Style an English classic of the period of
•Sir Christopher Wren, is one of the archi
tecteza) ornaments of Kew York. Noth
ing more typical can be found than the
college seals carved In stone on the ex
terior of the mezzanine stories. Tnese
represent the following Institutions— Will
iams College, the Naval Academy at An
na poll?, -\West Point Academy, Brown,
Princeton. Harvard. "Yale, Columbia.
Hamilton. Dartmouth, Trinity. Pennsyl
vania. University of New York, College of
the City of New York, Union, Amherst
end Rutgers. •„¦ '^. .'
Passing from the magnificence of the
University Ciub, the observer of coilege
home life in this city may turn with «a
feeling of comfort and ease to the demo
cratic simplicity and cosiness of U13 ' D.
K. E. Ciub, a: No. i West Thirty-first
Clubman in New York
other member of the fraternity. The Vhi
Delta Phi legal fraternity finds In him its
btsc friend, and if every Harvard man
whom he has started on the r,oad to suc
cess were to testify in' his behalf Harvard
would recognize that no honor which she
can confer would repay his efforts." •
Nor is this a singular instance. The
same is true'of many of the leading spirits
of these college alumni organizations.
Indted, it is this camaraderie invoked in
college days and strengthened and re
newed in latter years that is the- strong
est claim of these "fraternities" for exist
ence.
The Amherst Club numbers between
four and five hundred, the Brawn 350, Dart
mouth the same, Tr!nity 3'JO, Cornell 530,
Union 250, Williams the same, Columbia
700, University of Virginia 230, Princeton
C30. Alpha Delta Phi has a clubhouse, at
35 West Thirty-second street. This fra
ternity was incorporated in 1890 with a
membership of 4W. including men like Em
bassador Joseph H. Choate.' The Delta
Phi Club was founded in 18S4. Its head
quarter is at CC East Forty-ninth street,
and though it only numbers a couple of
hundred, they include such choice spirits*
as Ellery Anderson and 'T. J. Oakley
Rhlr.elander. Phi Beta. Kappa shows a
roster of 3S0. Membership in this fra
.ternity is based upon proficiency in
scholarship, and so the Phi Beta Kappas
show such men as Rossiter John3on on
their membership roll. Phi Gamma Delta
is another' nourishing body. The Psi
Vpsllon Club, which was incorporated in
18&G. has 400 members. * . •
One of the distinctive college club
houses is that of the St. Anthony's Club
at 2' East Twenty-eighth street. This
club was formed to promote social inter
course among members pf the: Delta Psi
fraternity. Founded twenty-one years
agoi.it has several hundred members and
a well appointed home just off Fifth^'ave
nue. Near by, on West Thirty-fourth
street, the Zeta Psi Club holds forth, and
on Broadway the Theta Delta Chi has its
rooms. In fact, that part of New York
between Twenty-third and Fortv-fourth
streets, Madison and Sixth avenues, is be
coming year by year more and more the
center of college club life: , ¦
Be'r.g a university town, Palo Alto
pretty nearly becomes a fraternity strong
hold.
as though you were expected to stay half
a I fetime.
The home of any Stanford fraternity is
the home of a guest just as long as the
visitor chooses to remain. From the hosts'
actions the idea is gathered that the
longer the visit the better. There must
be something catcnine down here, or elss
It is the country a'l . for every one is de
lightfully hospitable, and it isn't in u half
hearted way. either. If you are ever in
vited to a "frat" hous? at Stanford, by, all
means go. for you will be amply repaid
for your trouble.
sorely neglpc'ed.
Th» Be a T2-eta Pi boys seem to run to
one large rocm and heavy pillars. It -^
a pretty style of architecture. The Stan
ford home has a column in the center of
the room that acts somewhat as a di
vision and certainly is so far as the car
pets are concerned. One side of the room
seems musically Irclined. for a p'ano.
mandolins, guitars and banjos are all
ready for work. Opposite is a cozy couch,
with a table near covered with maga
zines. Two doors open onto the verandas,
and there are all kinds of reclining chair3
about to welcome home the weary wan
derer.
The most original looking house in all
Palo Alto is owned by the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity. It is built in the S.
style of architecture, and can be plainly
seen for blocks. •
While the house is swell-looking' on the
outside, it doesn't show up to such good
advantage on the inside.
There are practically three large rooms —
the hall, parlor and dining-room. While
all three open into, each other, it is next
door to impossibly to see out of one, into
another, and that means to miss half of
life in a fraternity house, or any house,
in fact, that is fllleJ with young people.
The Stanford boys entertain on a more
extensive plan than do the Berkeleyite».
And they do it up brownly, too. When
the train pulis into Palo Alto some one
is there to bundle you into a surrey, and
away you go on a pleasant ride to their
house There it isn't "Won't you sil
down?" Instead, you are given the best
room in the house and are cozily settled
ha? done its duty nobly.
The home of the Delta Epsilor. boys
looks less like a "frat" house than any
cue at Stanford.
The snii-f looks like velvet, there are
flower?, (luwers everywhere, and even the
walk is graveled to suit the taste ot a
country squire.
The hall is large and simply furnished.
In fact. there is not one stick of furn'
rure io tl at house that looks as though
it might belong somewhere else. .
The fioov of the parlor is .covered with
one ;arge rug. pr.d that in turn is covered
with bear rugs dropped here and there.
The wa'ls are just the natural grained
redwood, and the ceiling is finished in
the rafter effect.
Instead of bavins chairs everywhere
for one To fall over, they have p'.ain
wcodeii daven^-'rts. covered with any
number 01 pilljws. The room is furnifch
•-d in a simple manner, almost severe,
but the effect is all that could be desired.
Tt is absolutely swell ar.d what is more.
It rests one to just look at it.
The Sigma Chis aie pretty proud just
now. and they tertair.ly have a right to
be. What fci ? Haven't they just moved
into their brand spanking new home?
It if so new that they haven't gotten
¦sufficiently acquainted with their neigh
bors—a sorority, by the way— to ask for
any flowers to fill their empty vases and
they haven't a sign of one growing as
yet.
Their home must have been built with
the idea of entertaining. The hall is quite
as large as a ball-room in a private house.
The dining-room opens from it and is in
itself a good-sized room. The sideboards
are buiU in. so wnen their small 14x25
table is moved out several couples can
dance easily there. They also have a li
brary—all that is mioelng are a few books,
for libraries grow slowly, you know.
The neighbors., who wouldn't proffer
flowers are the Kappa Kappa Gammas.
The first thing that stares one in the
face is a poker burned notice: "Ye Orna
ment of ye House Io ye Guest Who Doth
Frequent It."
That seems to set everybody guessing,
"Am I as ornament or am I not?" That
is the cuestion.
The girls' house i» pretty. Is daintily
furnished and looks very homelike. There
is a little something that a woman's touch
gives that defies man to even attempt to
imitate. However, the girls tried to imi
tate the boys in oneway. Leaning by the
fireplace and decidedly on guard is a Win
chester. Another oi.e stands near, as
though for company. It is a blessed good
thing there are two ot them, for they look
' THE SUNDAT CALL. ?
About this" time 'the turtles concluded
that there was' -"something doing," and
,they. took. hold of uis fingers in a hearty
way. Gritting his teeth, the thief tried
to .withdraw his hand, buf he couldn't.
Then- he '.howled, and the owner, of the
trunk seized him. and turned him over to
the train people, wno at the next 'station
gave him to ' a policeman. The incident,
however, -wasn't .closed. until the;traveler.
was punished for violation of the railway
regulations. • -i ' V - ' ; . . \- • :.- '
7
HOUSES AT STANFORDsp=aUROPEAN royalty may pick and
p 3 choose eociety to a certain extenti
, I 1 but the private police, like the poor,
rulers have always with them.
Some sovereigns object strenuously to
the surveillance. A few manage to escape
Jt. Leopold II of Belgium occasionally ac
complishes that feat by making his move
ments so' sudden and unexpected that his
vigilant protectors do not know he is go
ing until he has gone.
He frequently scurries off to his shoot-
Ing box In the Ardennes quite alone, and
often drives through his capital in a
closed carriage' unattended: but his police
are conscientious when they have .the
chance. At all public appearances he is
guarded by a large squad of plain-clothes
men, and at night an armed an&f trusty
valet locks the monarch in his room and
ele*p3 In the anteroom, whose door Is also
lo<-ktd and guarded.
The royal family cf Denmark sets aside
private police, rb it disregards many oth
er Irksome royal traditions, and. cave on
unusual' oeeasi-Dnsvgoee about unattended
imd simply. But the members of the fnm-
Uy who have become sovereigns of other
countries do not live so humbly. •
The Dowager Czarina, who. was a Prin
cess of Denmark, stepped Jnto-an atmos
phere of private police. The Czar of Rus
sia is guarded more strictly than any
other rnonarch of Europe save Abdul
Hamid, the Su'.tan.
Nicholas" II chafes against the, attend
ance but recognizes the/ necessity. . and
wherever he moves he is surrounded by
secret guards as well as i openly author
ized attendants. If he' walks in the forest
at Peterhof he cannot flatter himself that
he Is alone, for posted behind trees, lean-
Ing over bridges, studying fountains, are
Inconspicuous men. absorbingly interested
Jn the landscape. When he travels or ridea
or drives.-, the same precautions ore . ob-
served. In his- palace his every movement
Is watched, his every step followed.
The story is 1 told that on his last visit to
Queen, Victoria. r.t Balmoral the Czar.mis
took the path. In the forest '¦*, and*, was
obliged to ask his way from a peasant
whom he met. The man answered him in
Russian. He, was one of the Czar's own
private detecti% - es.
.William of Germany^ until recently was
the only living ruler in Europe upon
whose life no attempt had been made. Ill
natured critics say that he didn't enjoy
the distinction— that,- In fact." he deeply
resented.it, and that the recent assault
was balnvto his soul. , Dramatic. danger a
sensational monarch may endure, but '. to
be Ignored! - - .
In spite of- his apparent immunity, the
German Emperor has always been sur^
rounded by 'elaborate precautions. His
private • police , service 'is large and ef
ficient," and his iamous six-foot bodyguard.
looking tremendously spectacular in. their
eighteenth century hats and coats; are al
ways in evidence In tho royal aritecham->
ber. . ...
"When the' Emperor travels he causes al
most as much of a stir ae^the Czar, Every
mile of the railroad, every bridge, tunnel
and rail is examined. Special 'guards are
stationed along' the route and the train Is
well -guarded. -'It is only fair to say that
the Emperor himself seems altogether
fearless, and; makes: so many sudden
moves , without reference; to safeguards
that his secret- police are chronically out
of breath^ ' • v * • : '; ; . ¦¦ y
The English King has a bodyguard cor
responding to the German bodyguard;
but the Honorable Corps of Gentlemen-at-
Arms and the Yeomen "of* the Guard do
not work for their salaries as their Ger
man prototypes do. They are for l orna
mental purposes only, and^never. are on
duty except at state functions.
The real work- of looking after English
royalty Is, In the hadds of Superintendent
Fraser and' his '¦ private - police. /The late
Queen. was always guarded In public, but
less apprehension was. felt about her than
about- the Prince of Wales*,- whose demo^
c'ratio 'fashion of appearing here, there,
and everywhere, made him. an easy, mark
for attack and kept his police attendants
busy. Superintendent Wlnkler. who had
special. Charge of tho'Prince's person, was
not allowed • to accompany, him to Hom
burg 'last' year, and insists that if that
exception had not been made Sipido's at
tack would never have come off.
. The: Duke cf York has his own private
police.'much to his disgust; and his chil
dren are constantly guarded; even In their
play, by detectives. . . •'~.',
Humbert of Italy was one of the mon
archs who most- coraimiy . detested' tho
necessity of police attendance "and avoid
ed it whenever that was possible. He in
sisted,upon, driving about even the-most
squalid; parts of Rome and Naples. in an
open carriage with only one attendant and
would not listen to ; the constant. protests
against his reckless of his life.
His police service'.was'carefully organized
und guarded him Ui.gpiteof hiaobjec
v - ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . • ¦¦¦-.¦¦
tions.
Whenever one met the handsome King
driving in his dashing fashion one was
sure to meet at a discreet distance behind
the royal carriage an inconspicuous cab
in hot pursuit., and in the cab was the
keen, dark face of the head of the secret
police. In the palace the King had a spe
cial guard, a gigariUc Pledmontese. who
slept at. his door and was always near
him., •
The present King ol Italy is much more
strictly guarded than Humbert was. but
the Dowager Queen Marghetita t goe3
wherever she chooses in carriage or on
foot, and scorns all idea of surveillance.
The Empress Elizabeth of Austria was
as democratic In her actions as Queen'
Margherita and always objected to public
attendance, which \v;as. nevertheless, im
posed. The Austrian" Emperor, whose life
has not been attacked since he was 19 ia
carefully guarded, end the late- Empress
was always intensely anxious In regard,
to his safety, though absolutely uncon
cerned about herself. • •
The ztrsonal- defense of the royal fam-
ily of Spain Is intrusted to a bodyguard of
men from Esplnosa. this town having en-
Joyed the honor for hundreds of years.
These men of Esplnosa accompany this
.members of the royal family. One of them
sleeps at the door of each royal bedcham
ber and the rest of the guard in noiseless
slippers pace the halls cf the palace.
But- the hardest worked police In the
world is the private force or the Sultan
Abdul Hamid. A Frenchman. M. Bonnln.
is at the head of th<» service and. If ever a
policeman earned hJa waees, he does.
The Sultan has a firm and fixed belief
that he is to die a violent death: and this
cheerful certainty he contemplates with
anything but Oriental calm. He refuse*
to move without a small army to protect
him. When he goes to the Great Mosque
30,000 soldiers are turned out to guard the
route and a troop cf picked men sur
rounds the carriage closely,
j In his palace he has fifty bedrooms, all
with iron doors and complicated locks,
and he circulates around them like an
AraBtan Nights' monarch of guilty con
science. —New York Sun.
HOW THE ROYALTY OF THE WORLD IS GUARDED BY THE POLICE
twenty-nine pieces? Seems like. I'm
pretty much one piece now."
In ' Frankfort. Germany, official tests
have been made of fireproof stairs for
apartment houses. Fires fed with a ma
terial which gave forth an intense heat
were built In the yard ofTone of the tire
.Department houses and over these fires
the stairs were placed. The longest re
sistance was shown by the stairs which
"had a covering of plaster and It was found
that they could be *used for twenty-five
minutes after the fire was started. The
stairs covered with fireproof paint wera
made of so many different materials and
of such varying strength that no definite
results could bo arrived at, but they wera
serviceable after five or ten" minutes In
the heat. Of the stairs of wood and not
covered with fireproof paint those of oak
'withstood the fire the longest. \
Somehow Eddie didn't care to ride any
thing, but ¦ horses for a while after, his
steer was gone, but at last h© cams to
recognize other steers, and he has now
Was Martha's suggestion, but Eddie com
posed and preferred:
Poor old Sllvershln* was same.
¦ I wish more people were 'the same.
Here lies the -body of Silvershine,
Because he is dead Is why I repine.
So it came to pass that Silvershine was
broken to the bridle, the surcingle, the
blanket and the rider. . In course of time
he came' to be as gentle a steer as one
need ask, and he and Eddie were lifelong
chums. Thlsyalas, meant only too short
a time, for Silvershine died of an injury
'while he was yet in his prime.
. Then he dismounted and hitched-Silver
shine, who accepted the hitching meekly
and stood breathing long, resigned sighs,
tokens of weariness and surrender. Some
body tried to hug Eddie, but he is not par
ticularly fond of being hugged. "Women
are so cueer.
screamed and little doss ran and barkca.
and the race was on.
"When the goal at the upper barn was
reached Brandy was Ms own length ahead.
They had started down the road that led
past the door, and It looked for a while
like smooth sailing. The cook came out
to see and wave a congratulatory apron
toward the two as they approached. Per
haps It was the apron that did it Or
perhaps a sudden realization of his wrongs
overcame Siivershlne. and he rose in pro
test. At any rate he rose. In front of
the kitchen door he reared and he bucked,
SUvershlne was the first oae he tried to
ride. SHvershine -was all animation from
his -white nose down to the tip of his
flossy white tafl. He looked surprised
when a blanket and a surcingle were pnt
"upon him. and he made a remark about
the bridle. However, Eddie was firmly
seated on his back before he came to open
rebellion.
Perhaps they di& Perhaps they merely
Thought to have as much fun us posslbJa
at Eddie's expense first, knowing that
they must surrender in the en<£
Y&aSfee., combing with the hardihood and
training of a \Vestern horseman — pet
about breaking steere they might as well
have understood in the first place that
ihey -were going to ne broker...
a. cowboy pertaining- to the ranch can«
breakneck to Eddie's rescue. The dust o*
the road was in a cloud about the steer,
and through it could be caught only quick
glimpses of the boy and the beast In
chaos together. Into the midst of this
somebody threw a lasso, /with the result
that nothing was caught and Eddie was
enraged. .
"I don't want none of your old ropes,"
they heard him shout through the dust.
"I'm runnin' this business. You leave me
alone,"
The rescuers drew back to a respectful
distance and left him alone. Somehow,
nobody knows how, through all the plung
ing ajd lunging he kept -upon the steer's
back. Gradually the creature grew quiet
as he tired, and finally stood stock still
before the door, with Eddie sitting up
right on his back and shouting triumph
antly.
"Didn't need to use much rope around
this steer, did j-ou. Buster?
"Too bad you wasted your prayers on
me. Martha.
"Who was it that said I'd be picked up In
he ducked and he kicked, and the cook's,
apron was waved now in panic that only
aiJded to Silvershine's excitement The
family came running from the house, and
reached the record ot^ eleven broken.
"I do it the . saraa way I'd break a./
horse." he says. "There'.* no way to teach
'em to be rode that's so good as rldin' 'era.
I just get on and har.s on and they buck
nrd kick li!:e p. horse. Most of "em are a
lot uglier than horse3. though, and slower
to -learn. You mustn't mind bumps If
you're roin' to break a steer. That's tho
best way to keep frSm rrettin* 'em. I
rt^ver had anything bad happen except
when I broke my jaw. That wasn't much,
but you see that big iellow over there?
"Well, he tried It onV? and ha broke h(s»
ncse first thing. That's -worse than your
jaw.
"Since I left the ranch I've been break
in' steers' for people here In town. They'ra
pretty good for rldin". though you can't
hitch "em to a wagon very well. I never
use a saddle— only the surcingle ani
• blanket and the bridle.
"Do they go fast? I should say. If It
wasn't for that there wouldn't be much
use rid'n' 'em, 'cause most of 'em are
ugly and treacherous. It's pretty hard to
be sure you've got 'em broke, even when
you think you have."
Brandy, the incumbent, poked an af
fectionate nose between the two Eddies —
Sullivan and Johnson— '.he latter being the
former's understudy In the steer-breaking
profession. Brandy looked neither ugly
nor treacherous, but very friendly, as tZ
he liked hi3 riders. However, remember
the warning.-
As Eddie, the champion, dashed away
down the slope with Brandy p.t full speed
two San Francisco vaaueros on their lit
tle California horses rode to meet him.
"Race!" they shouted. And with six fore
feet on a line with the barn wall they
started. Up the sandy road, "Hoopla!"
they came, and little boys ran and
THERE is probably only one younrf
man in town who *has broken eleven
i> steers ard his ot;ii jaw. That man
Is Edcue Sullivan. Other people have
tried breaking steers, but they have us
ually succeeded in breaking only them
selves. Smashed nr>s(>s. battered skulls —
very little e!?e- to shove for the?r trouble.
But Eddie— Champion Edd!e— has never
In aJl his professional career beer, picked
¦up in fragments. One broken jatv is the
amount of his serious injuries and now
the jaw is In first-class working trim
2 gain. He is as sound Ms ever and the
steers that know him own him master.
He always hai a knack about it. evet
•while he was a little fellow on the ranch.
He seemed to understand the steers bet
ter than any one else did. and they ap
proved of him.
He never learned to r'd.e horseback si
far r.s he knows. He s'mn!y.d?d it as a
dorr svr!n?s when you drop it Into the
irnter. Somebody put Fddie on the back
of Ramon, the nony. the little bucking
sinner, vrhen he vrs linee high to a grass
hopper, arid he rede off while Ramor
plunged under him l!!"e a ship in a storm
and he sat on what somebody has called
the brerjeo's hurricane deck. And he sav
there, in very truth, and old Carlos, who
eausht a glimpse ot his face, says tha\
it was rot one bit paler than usual. ¦"Us
ual" means a very gorgeous shade of sun-"
burn. Nor were his eyes at all lar~e nor
his mouth at all open. His face ¦rt.<? very
tight, but there was the jolliest look in
it, as If this were great fun. He could
barely reach to a full stirrup, but some
how he held on. It -was not a quarter of
an hour before Ramon paw that It was
no use fooling and he settled down to a
steady gait.
That was the beginning of Eddie's rid
ing. Froin that "time on he knew much
mere about horseback than he did about
terra firma. But he wasn't a very bis boy
before he derided that he was ready to
PTTfcJuate from the horse and take to
steers.
"When Eddie decides upon anything
there is, as his comrades say, "somethin'
dcinV There la no air castle about -his
plans. When this win*, clever youngster
— with as much shrewd wit ?xid grit £Ui A
THE ;' SUNDAY/ CALL.
8
ONLY COWBOY IN AMERICA WHO RIDES
A STEER
IN PREFERENCE
TO A
HORSEC. &. M, Smith.
THE MAN WHO PROCURED THE FIRST
LETTERS PATENT ON THIS COAST
S~y W. M. SMITH, who died last
I / April, was the man who procured
I /I the first letters patent on the Pa
\Ls • cific Coast.
He was one of the pioneers who
played a part "in the making of California
history. His role was unique: while oth
ers were digging gold, building railroads,
bailing ships, he made his name and
made California . that' much the • more a
State by his labors along the line of me
chanical inventions.
He was a Massachusetts^ man In . the
first place. .The grit of stern old Massa
chusetts was,, in, him, and he pioneered
California in much the same way .that
his forefathers had pioneered New.Kng
land. He came to make a living of it
and he succeeded. He succeeded In doing
a pood deal more besides.
He was born in 1830. It was in 18G2 that
he began to devote himself to the secur
ing of patents both for ' himself •> and for
other people, so he was still ,a young
man. Somehow he . seemed ' to strike
twelve the first time and from the. time
that he began it he was known ..for .his
¦work and he came to T>e called by; the
Commissioner of Patents at Washington
"the best agency, on the Pacific ; Coast
through which to obtain letters patent."
His name spread. It went aa far aa
Europe. People said that he .could tell
what invention was worth patenting, and
then, when it -was worth ¦ while, get it
patented. His high reputation as a
counselor and advocate in foreign patent
cases enabled him, while in. London sev
eral years ago,' to procure a full set of
the British reports for. the Mechanics'
Institute. It is the only set on the coast
and at the present time it would be Im
possible to duplicate them. They are val
ued at $50,000. ' ' . '._ ... ' -¦¦¦-¦- ... ¦;
jj His keen, intuitive knowledge as an in
ventor and-. his" legal acumen as'a solic
itor and patent lawyer helped hundreds
of Inventors "in perfecting .'their devices
and securing- letters patent. He not enly
had the, Inventive power, :_but the critical
as I well. ,'He knew what' would go and
what .wouldn't. Crude, , erratic attempts
often have a good idea In them when you
get down^to bedrock. He knew just how
to get'down to that bedrock and he of
ten developed a useful device out of some
young ¦• inventor's proposition— something
which looked preposterous at first sight.
He knew, too,' when .there was nothing
in a scheme. ;, Probably* he did as'nuich
good in killing false hopes 'and destroy
ing a fool's paradise now and' then as in
helping the -right man *. on:. ..'¦'-.'. j
¦Perhaps the biggest thing ,he ever in-
vented himself was the railway coach—
"Smith's Patent Steel Rolled Railway
Coach or Palace 'Car',' is the whole of its
name. ' This waj> the coach tha,t carried
off a medal: from the Mechanics' Insti
tute. It cost him no end of money to per
fect the 'thing, but it had been his work
of years, atri he would not give it up,
no matter what the cost. In the end he
succeeded in turning out a coach that
cannot be telescoped, broken or. burned —
a, coach that skilled engineers have said
was the coming one. ' ... . ' ; / I
Smith used to say that he didn't really
invent* that coach— it. was his wife. -.Not
that 1 she had a mechanical' genius— there
isn't . one /woman in? a thousand who
knows the first thing about mechanics*
and that one's . knowledge . stops at . tlio
tucking attachment to her sewing ma
chine. • But Mrs^ Smith was' the kind of
wife who helps a man In better ways
than. by understanding his craft, ¦tihe-un
derstood him. He-used to own that his
courage would give out now and .then.
This was especially true when he was
working at the non-telescopic part of the
invention! and at these, times she would
always remind him of the progress he
had already made. • •<¦". - . •
"And the best way is to think of the
obstacles already overcome, when you
¦ want to overcome- some -more," | was ¦ his
motto. ¦ ¦>'*"¦ ¦ , •
of Surabaya, would hold . the ' .festival
there, and furthermore. It was his espe
cial desire to have me perform before his
friends during this festival. For my serv
ices he would dellght-in recompensing m*.
w'th ten 20-gulden pieces.
•Ij. can't say that I exactly wanted to
occept. • 1 was a little dazed and I didn't
feel sure' whether I was called upon to
kill tigers, and I was quite sure that was
out of my. line. But papa was in hearing
distance, and when he saw. that 1 was
hesitating he came forward and advised
me to accept. The delegation of two left
well satisfied.
On the day appointed we proceeded di
rectly to the province of Surabaya an«l
there we were met f>y an escort. It was
a pretentious escort and we felt very im
portant as we were being conducted to
seats near the gamelang. • They were
playing Ip the shade of a bunch of tam
arind trees which, with rows of bamboo,
grew upon every side of the open fie!d.
I At one end of the open space were some
low sheds thatched with dry grass. In
these sheds -were traps containing the
tigers to be slain. Round about the great
field were ranged bamboo stands, lightly
roofed, where spectators- were gathered
to view the torture of the beasts to be
slam for their enjoyment. These seats
were comfortably shielded from the glare
of the southern sun, not only by their
roofs but also by the spreading branches
of trees that made cool shadows." Some
of the spectators stood in front of these
seats and in their throng could be seen
here and there a huge parasol such as
the Japanese often substitute for a hat.
As we were shown to our seats, papa
and mamma were called awav bra fricna
and they left me alone, promising to re
turn, soon. I could feel at eas-3. for the
surroundings were so stfange to me. But
I tried to put on a bold front and look
as if I was used to tiger-killings. I have
been on the stage long enough to know
that you can't let go of your nerve when
a performance lies ahead.
Ihe gongs of the gamelang rang out
sharply and at this signal the whole field;
except* for a few yards in front of the
musicians, was surrounded by native
huntsmen each bearing in .his hand a
long spear.' . -: -
In frpnt of the seats, in front of the
standing spectators, these formed still
another circle. " •
• Scores upon scores of them were ranged
there, making a complete inclosure of the
open field.'. They stood as close together
as was possible, leaving' no chance ' of
escape for the Weasts soon to be released
within' their circle. "Their Ions spears
were held ready for use, all pointed
toward the center of the tnclosure. The
men were dressed* in no uniform, but all
were in the loose, doel ' costumes of the
native huntsman. " They- were * cruel
faced lot of dark creatures, • more brute
This feat seemed to be the" secret of
my hit. It was so great a novelty that all
Kediri was deiighted. And this is what
came of it: At the door of my dressing
room I was met by one of the mantris
with an interpreter. The mantrl hold
aloft a roll of parchment and the inter
preter begged permission to read its con
tents to me. I consented. I should have
had to do so for curiosity If for nothing
else. .
Then with nompous gestures and loud
voice he read to me the wordy document:
It made known that it was the wish of
the Regent to have a fete and tiger-kill
ing exhibition •while we were in the coun
try. The Regent, owing to his deep -af
fection for his neighbors in the province
As the shov/ advanced the spectators
watched quietly and with close attention.
Not until I came to kneeling upon the
wire and picking up my handkerchief did
they give way to their wonder and ad
miration. Then they' let themselves loose
all at once, and I was greeted with such
shouts and yells that I was seriously rat
tled for the moment, and it was all I
could do to stand erect on the wire once
more.
tumes with gold-embroidered supper*.
When I ascended the rope ladder to my
wire I heard the confused murmur of the
excited spectators; and from my. aerial
platform I looked down upon this strange
assembly.
I saw that they were gazing upon me
in great wonder. I didn't know then that
this was prompted by anything but my
performance, but I learned afterward
that, strange as that seemed to them,
stranger still were my rose-pink legs. The
natives had never before seen tights.
The body of the house was filled with a
mixture of Europeans and natives, most
of whom wore the gay sarong or' petti
coat^ These are of colors as gorgeous' as
those of a Roman scarf. The kibaya or
loose jacket was worn by the swellest
of the women, who completed their cos-
10 gulden of Uutch money, which 13 aa I
good as la or $10 in ours. ;
i The boxes near the stage were occupied"
by the native "Regent" or Governor, to- ¦
gether with his party. They consisted of
his dusky relatives, the waidonos and i
mantris, who are high court officials, and
several members of the Dutch President's
(or elder brother's) family.
tnan man, I thougnt or m&nj.
There they stood ranged and walt'Mg.
1 declare they positively looked hungry
for the b'ood of those helpless btadta
that they were waiting for. AnJ ihe peo
ple waiting for the sight were as deiight
ed and eager as Spaniards at a. ZV&l iignt.
The musicians suddenly played loudly,
sharply.
this evidently was another sisnal, for
on the instant there appeared foar bul
lock carts, each bearing a trap and Li«;er,
with the -driver walking beside.
The drivers placed the traps in the cen
ter of the field and drove back to the
thatched sheds.
Four young huntsmen fan out quickly
and threw open the doors of the traps.
Then they ran as quickly back to ti'.fclr
places in the circle. *¦
For some minutes not a movement was
made by the animals. The spectators
were waiting in breathless suspense. At
last a head Drotruded, then another-an
other—another. As if drawn to it by
some enchantment, the four b'.g brutes
faced the circle of their slayers.
iFor an instant they paused as if In
doubt. Then, with a steady, stealthy trot
theymade for the human fence, all go»ug
in different directions. They were run
ning straight into the death prepared lor
them.
'As they drew near the huntsmen, they
lowered their bodies and sprang. In the
moments following there was chaos. A
fearful din arose; horrible roars of agony
from 'the wounded beasts, the shoutinf of
many people, the crashing gongs of the
gamelang.
When quiet was restored and the ciowd
stood back I could see the four beaui.il.ul
beasts lying there dead. At least a dozen
wounds were in each glossy hide. That
game was over and the spectators were
ready for'the next. Again came the bul
lock carts from the thatched sheds, and
again they bore four cased tigers. Tne
traps were deposited in the field, the driv
ers loaded the dead bodies and drove off.
The new traps were opened by men who
fan back to the circle.
The tigers appeared. This time only
three made for the peoole. The
fourth seemed dazed. It stood near the
traps with lowered head. That was at
the time that the photograph on this page
was taken.
The three that had advanced were easily
made way with. The crowd was grow
ing impatient with the delay caused by
this sulkv beast. At last one of the hun
ters, bolder than the rest, approached the
stupid animal and attempted to arouse it.
It was only too easily done. Tigers
never quite sleep. By one terrific growl
it showed that it was awake and with
out a pause it rushed at the native. The
man would have escaped had not his foot
caught. He fell. With one tearing blow
from the huge paw the furious creature
slew him. The other hunters rushed In
too late.
The tiger no longer sulked. With an
other of those fearful roars that made
my blood run cold, it tore its way through
the ranks. Wounded, bleeding, terrified,
enraged, it made its way directly toward
me.
I was sick with horror by this time and
my nerve was going fast. Frightened into
weakness, I watched the thing as it drew
rear. Animals are curious about color.
This beAst was probably attracted by my
pink gown. All of this passed through my
i ~ ~ -' — *•»»•«''• it creeping nearer.
I. grew fascinated.
I could not move. I was sitting atiil,
ix .._ ¦...- e.^c- hide, the beautiful
golden eyes, the shining teeth. I 'seemed
to be in a trance. I was conscious of no
one. nothing, save that lithe, graceful,
swaying body. I know how a bird feels
before a snake.
I realized faintly that the gamelang was
playing. That was to attract the beast's
attention. I saw the hunters rushing to
ward it. I saw my father approaching —
these things seemed hardly real. Then I
fainted. . -
When I revived papa placed me In a
seat filled with soft grass under a shade
tree and the afternoon breeze sifting
nthrough it partly restored me. I began to
remember the circumstances I had left.
"It must be time for my performance,"
I said.
"Never mind the performance." papa
answered: "You are not well enough to
give a sood one. Some other time."
I never liked to be talked to as if I was
a child, so I got very spunky, I suppose.
"I am ouite able to go on and I intend
to," I said, and I wouldn't own to myself
that I felt weak.
I ordered that the wire be stretched,
and it was done.
I dragged myself up the rope ladder and
slowly arose upon the platform. I thought
my strength would return if I went ahead,
but, to my dismay, 1 could* hardly keep
my balance. -
I tried to forget my surroundings and
looked up to prevent dizziness. Ahead oC
me I could see a distant volcano. The
sun shining on the rising smoke made It
look like fire.
I moved slowly along the wire, trying
to keep before me that picture of the vol
cano. But, try as I would, the afternoon's
experience would come to mind.
Presently the moment arrived when I
was to do the handkerchief trick. I got
down on one knee, but for the life of me
1 could not take my left foot from the
wire. ' . . -
I saw the ground below me swarming
with: tigers. I tried to count them. I
could see them crunching victims in their
ugly jaws. I wondered dimly why my
father and mother did not come to rescue
me from them. . ¦ ¦ ¦ r -
I felt myself going: down— down— down.
When I came to myself, papa said:
"You fainted, and when I tried to catch
you you slid, through my arms, a dead
weight."
No bones were broken, but my nerves
were shattered. I was in bed for i two
weeks afterward.
I have had enough of tiger killing.
NELLIE JORDAN.
A short free performance before the
"big show" served to advertise the thing
end when the doors of the tent were final
ly opened there were crowds standing
waiting to get in. Our boxes, which were
raided platforms surrounded by bamboo
rail : ngs and arches, were sold for 5 and
Some of the audience who knew more
cf the world went after them and ex
plained matters and in the end they re
turned and watched the acrobatic feats
with fascinated gaze. I have never in my
life Derformed before so charmed an au
dience. It was inspiring.
We gave the musicians instructions and
we thought they were ready for their part
"f the performance. So they no doubt
were, and there wouldn't have been any
hitch if we hadn't upset them with our
antics. They had never before seen such
feats, as ours. Rings, trapeze, bar, were
new to them and our doings thereon they
thought were doings of some evil power.
The gongs crashed in a wild discord, the
biola forgot to lead, and the frightened
musicians fled while I was somewhere be
tween earth and air standing on my head.
The town is a pretty place — beautiful in
ppots. with its tropical verdure. A num
ber of Dutch and Knglish live there, as in
several Javanese towns. Kediri Js sur
rounded by picturesque groves and beau
tiful tropical plants grow in abundance.
There are signs a-plenty of .wealth and
industry.
Our tent is a huge one and we chose
for it a spot made lovely by trees and
plants. Near by we stationed a gamelang
<>r a band of ten musicians who played
upon gongs of various sizes and were led
by the biola or one-string violin. • «
know. On our tours in strange
lands where there are no theaters we
have to hold our performances in a tent,
so the first thing is always to put up the
tent. This our men began to do promptly
upon our arrival at Kediri.
>r HEX we show people arrive at
\ A la new place we don't waste
\J \J time in looking about. We have
\ y£ to go to work at once, you
With her, parents she has toured
many foreign lands. It was in June.
1899, that the party arrived at Ke
diri, which is a town on the island of
Java. There the tiger killing took
place and there happened all the in
cident adventures th?.t stamped it on
her mind. She is going to make an
other world's tour, but it is pretty
certain that nothing will happen to
supplant the Java adventure in her
memory. This is her own story of it.
She wr.s only 11 years old when
she attended the tiger killing. Now
she is 13, and a story that is two
years old becomes a reminiscence of
the dark past when one is 13 — she
just remembers it.
She is that little girl acrobat, one
cf the Flying Jordans at the Chutes
just now, who has traveled the wide
¦world around, and her travels have
taken her to as strange lands as any
little girl ever saw. Java was the
strangest of these.
•\Y ELLIE JORDAN thinks it is
/ \ I more fun to remember the part
I N she played Ft a tiger killing
\^ in Java than it was to play it.
lue tigers are dead now, and that
makes the difference.
- . -r ¦ • . -, ¦ . ¦ ...
THE SUNDAY CALL.
9
A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL'S
EXPERIENCE AT
TIGER KILLING IN JAVAA bouquet of orchids at one of our flor
ist's costs $50, though a smaller one al
most, as effective can be- bought for $35.
It is scarcely to be wondered at that this
rare flower is not'more common as a hand
bouquet .when^its price keeps at this fig
ure. Butwhen a wooer presents his lady
love;wlth such ,a nosegay., there _ Is no
doubt that his sentiment Is sincere. - ! In
New. : York : cattleya flowers can 'be . pur
chased for 75 cents each; cypripediums at
.25 cents up to 50 cents. Sprays/of the
odontoglossum retail at 25 cents for every
perfect bloom on the spray.- - Coeiogyries
are- rarely used, except in funeral pieces.
.The local price" of orchids' went up like
the. proverbial rocket as soon as the date
of -President McKinley's visit ¦ was deter-
In every , kind- of- function
designed for Mr., McKinley's pleasure of
an indoor nature the orchid appeared as
- ¦ ¦ ¦ ** v
cour&eement they would establish
agencies out here.
yeltchT& Son of London and B. S.'- Wil
liams, also of the great ' metropolis.' are
large sellers . of orchids to the orchid ' col
lectors of this country." The four greatest
orchid growers-rprof essional— of England
have permanent agencies and greenhouses
in Summit,, N. j/ Probably with some en-
largest and most valuable .collection in the
United 'States, the value' of which is
Placed, at .$100,000. Siebrecht & Wadley of
New/ Rochelle have the next - In value.
Among | florists who make ; a specialty: of
orchids are w. Matthews of Utica,;N.;T.;
F. Mau of Weehawk'en, N. ' J. ; Bracken
ridge &^Co. of „ Govanstqwn. Md.'; John
Saul of Washington, ¦ D. • C. ; . I. Fosterman
of Newton. L. I., and Henry Dreerof
Philadelphia. - In» bur . part -of ¦: the -world
Timothy Hopkins, -above mentioned, /Is
about : the only' florist that ; grows : thV. or
chids .on a large, scale. ¦ The smaller: flor
ists' b'uy ; of him andjhe thus may.- be said
to possess a "corner" in orchids. ;
Among commercial florists Pitcher &
Manda- of Short. Hills,' N. r J., have"- the
The price of an orchid depends upon Its
size, quality and . general condition of
health. The Laelia Calllstoglossa is worth
$500 a head. One '. thousand j dollars was
paid for a Vanda Sanderiana by' a Mr.
Osbourne of New York— the largest price
ever given for an orchid In this country.
It was originally the property -of Mrs.
Morgan of "peach blow vase" fame. -
In the conservatories of the Duka of
Marlborough, Consuelo Vanderbllt's hus
band, are beautiful orchids. • In the life
time of the old Duke these orchids helped
in a manner to maintain the household. It
is considered quite the thing among impe
cunious noblemen In England who own
conservatories to sell the products of their
gardeners', skill. Of course, this is done
sub rosa, and the "city" man— the banker
or broker . of means— whose elegant din
ner table is garnished with rare orchids,
does not know that the exquisite blossoms
came from a 1 private conservatory. '
lection of orchids in America is that of
F. L. Ames of North Easton, Mass. It is
valued at 5200,000. Hicks Arnold of New
York has a valuable collection, and W. S.
Klmball values his orchids at $123,000.
UNCLE SAM. it is said, is to coin a
new 3 T cent piece. The new coin is '
'to be of nickel, and its radical dif
, ferer.ee from all other coins .wlth'
Uncle' Sam'a mint mark on them lies in
.the fact that it will have a h^le In the
center. It" Is the supposition that this
hftle in the middle will enable the hurried
handler of the coin to detect its value by
the -sense of feeling. Some such safe
guard, is considered necessary • for the
reason that it is to be about the size and
weight of- the present nicker 5-cent piece.
The size: of; the center holeTIn the pro
posed coin will be large enough to make
it merely a ring' of metal.; this hole being
about one-half the -diameter ' of ; the coin.
It will prevent one of the difficulties
which handlers of small' silver coins were
troubled^ with when 'the metal money be
gan to -circulate after the era of paper
money. The small coins, which got into
the hands of children" and some classes
in the remote districts, were . as
curiosities .'and great prizes. To secure
their safekeplng a favorite method was
¦to punch a hole in them and tie them on
a string. This destroyed the circulation
value of the coins, and dealers who sub
sequently took them in had to stand the
loss.^ a' fixed scale being finally arranged
for deduction for'punched dimes, nickels
ore other pieces. The new, piece can bo
strung without injuring it.
A NEW COIN WITH A HOLE IN
THE CENTER
It is the general opinion of government
officials that there is no crying need for
an additional subsidiary coin of small
value and large bulk and weight, the 5
cent..nickel piece and the copper 1-cent
piece being considered ample to meet the
wants of the people of the West. Bank
people and treasury officials have a very
lively conception of the bother there is
In handling the present 1-cent pieces, the
larger institutions getting hundreds of
pounds of them. sometimes on hand The
weight as well as bulk cuts quite a figure
In these cases, and the addition of an
other intermediate between the 5-cent
piece and the cent piece would, it Is be
lieved, but add to .this trouble. Vault
room for storage purposes and draying
facilities would have, to be provided In
proportion.
The old 3-cent silver piece which was
coined several years ago did not meet
with popular favor, and It was found Im
possible to keep it in circulation. The
sub-treasury people fear that the attempt
to put out a new one will be but a repe
tition of this experience.
In the "West and Southwest the 1-cent
piece was slower in coming into favor
than in the East, and the coinage of the
new Piece , is supposed to meet a
demand which the 5-cent piece la too
large for and the 1-cent too small. This
would Indicate If It is correct that the
Western people are relinquishing their
old idea that nothing less than 5 cents
was worth counting In" % business trana-
One rarely sees a blue orchid. Orange
and scarlet are more often fountf. but
•white orchids are the least rare. The
white orchids are the easiest to raise, but
require care, attention and a personal
feeling of interest in their growth.
Donning and Seden, the great London
orchid specialists, have succeeded in
growing orchids from seeds. They began
with the ordinary varieties and continued
their experiments with wonderful suc
cess to the rarer varieties. x
The most valuable and expensive col-
The florist tells one that he divides his
orchids into four groups — hardy, cool. In
termediate and tropical— according to
their temperament. Cultivators prefer
the winter blooming kinds, which are the
best known and least expensive.
They grow all over the world, the Ter
restrial abounding in the colder climates,
while ip the tropical regions are found
immense varieties of Epiphytal orchids.
El Splrito Santo, a very rare orchid,
comes from Panama and the Phajus from
India. Soldiers returning from the Phil
ippines brought many lovely orchids from
the islands. • The vanilla orchid is the
most valuable from an economic point of
view, as from It we get the bean and fla
voring extract of common use.
elude Cattleyas, Oncldlums and Phalaen
opsis. They grow on trees and rocks for
support only.- Terrestrial orchids grow
like lilies and larkspurs, on the ground;
tho Cypripedlum and Masdevalllas are
examples.
The ordinary table piece is a dainty
basket in which are maiden hair ferns or
other forest plants, with the orchid blos
soms nestling among the ferns. When
these baskets are bought outright by the
persons at whose house they are to' be
used they cost a considerable sum. but
when they are only hired for the occa
sion they are not so expensive. The
*the principal feature of the decoration.
Orchids are particularly suited for table
decorations,, and as such are very pro
fusely used in the East. Our wealthy en
tertainers are aJso beginning to find out
how beautiful orchids make a dinner table
i appear on state , occasions. During the
-week following Easter the local florists
had countless orders for orchids. They
were the decorations at the luncheons
given to Mrs. Francia Burton Harrison,
the dinner In honor of Mrs. - Stuyvesant
Fish and at the sfveral affairs compll
* ment&ry to Mrs. Whitelaw Reid.
ORCHIDS.
Dice blossoms changed to butterflies
•With wines of purple, yellow, brown. -
Or pheasant plumes with ebon eyes * •
And soft and clouded silken down.
Serpents in garnet, sold and green.
With graceful neck and (lossy crest, .
Or humming-birds of brilliant sheen.
-With glowing throat and dotted br«axt.
Swart, rich-robed princesses, that hid*
In. tangled Afrlo Jung!» shades:
Fawn-footed Indian, maids that bid*
By wild Brazilian, forest glades.
With flowers such as these, of old s
The witch en wreathed her golden fc«ad|
They grew In Circe's haunted wold.
Or oped in dreamlands of the daad.
Dr. John Milne of the seismic suction of
the Royal Society says that vibrations
travel faster through the Interior of the
earth than through the densest body
known to scientists. This Is proof, he
claims, that the Interior Is neither. a molten
mass nor, a hollow space, but solid matter
under, such a dagree of stupendous press
ure that the contraction of the ma33
causes geysers, hot springs and volcanoes,
which are but local manifestations of this.
The orchid Is certainly the fashionable
flower, as every florist avers. To carry a
bouquet of orchids is the ambition of
every society girl who is invited to a
, swell function. The orchid is so popular
I in the East that poems are written about
j them almost every day, and what can ba
I a greater proof of fashion's favor than
this?
In Walter Malone's recently Issued
i "Songs of North and South" one 'of the
' prettiest bits of verse is:
vallias and eypridiums are the most like
ly to live after the temporary transplant
ing.
On occasions such as large receptions
and afternoon teas orchids can be made
the most effective decoration possible.
The growing plants should be left In their
own pots or baskets and permitted to fol
low their own flowing graceful habit. If
arranged in banks they should follow the
idea of the larger ones in the background
and the lesser ones toward the outer edge.
Ferns must be used with great freedom
between and among the orchld3. and as
drapery for mantels. Fringes of orchids —
the FIcus repens and Isolepis gracills—
make an, artistic finish. Fern fronds and
cut blossoms of the orchids may be placed
among the plants and elsewhere when the
eye sees such a need. Calanthea, with
their arching wands of pink and white
flowers, can be left with their roots on
and lightly covered with moss; they then^
have the effect of cut flowers. It does
not injure the orchid plant3 to use them
in ,thfs way, but, of course, the flowers
will not live Ions after being exposed to
such a change of temperature. Odonto
glossuma. oncl.llums. sophronltes, masde-
crchlda, nevertheless, are paid for at th»
full price, for they cannot be used again.
Sometimes orchids are used In other ways,
•with more lavishness than the basket de
sign permits, and then their cost easily
runs up Into the thousands. t
THE shark that for two years has
been seen swimming about in one of
the wall tanks of the ground-floor
ff tier on the salt water side of the
Aquarium was recently removed to the
ampler waters of the greater central pool
to preserve its life.
In the two years in which the shark had
been in the tank it had increased in length
from two feet to about four feet eight
Inches. The ta/jk being small, the shark
could not get the exercise it required. This
made its removal neces«ar?-. '
In making the transfer a serious diffi
culty was encountered. The salt water In
the shark's tank in the Aquarium Is usual
ly at 71 degrees. The water in the great
central pool Is just now about 55 on the
bottom, where the cold water supply
comes in, and about €0 at the top, where
the warmed water Is supplied. This would
do for such flsbes as haa wintered in it,
but it would kill in short order a shark
put Into it from water at 71 degrees and
left to itself. ¦ Therefore when the shark
had to be removed the Aquarium people
got ready to keep it alive in the big pool
until it could look out for itself. It was
to be kept from lying down and giving: up
and succumbing to the chill by practically
the same methods followed to ward off
etupor in the case of a man who had
taken an overdose of some narcotic, name-
ly. by keeping him moving.
They shifted the shark over from {he
tank it had lived in for two years, and
dropped It in- the big pool on Friday week
at 5 p. m. Almost the moment it slid into
the pool the shark stood, literally speak
ing, on Its head, perfectly inert. . The dif
ference in the temperature of the water
would have killed it in quick time if left
to itself. But that Is Just what they didn't
do. They had a man stationed on the cop
ing of the pool with a pole and -for seven
hours this man was kept tolerably busy
keeping that shark on. the go.
The minute thT shark drooped head
downward in that fashion, just letting go
and giving right up on the spot, the man
touched it up with the pole, to get away
from which the shark would right itself
up and start swimming. i*.at was what
they wanted it to do— to keep swimming
and swimming. -
Sometimes the shark mignt not need at
tention more than twice an hour, some
times it had to be moved every few min
utes. Once or twice it turned over on its
back, but the man was after it. quickly
spurring it on, and the shark would right
Itself at the touch and start ahead again.
And so they kept at it until midnight, by
which hour it was pretty Veil warmed up
and going nicely. *• •
gRIDE ROSES, the peat white La
Marques that used to be so fash
ionable, are out of date. Smart
brides are carrying nothing but
orchids this season. Queen Wil
' helmlna of Holland did not exactly set the
| fashion, but she put the seal of her ap
i proval on this rare blossom. Queen Wil
; nelmlna's bridal bouquet was of orchids.
Local brides have been in the habit of
r havinr their bouauets made of their fa
ir vorite flower — roses, usually; sometimes
: orange blossoms. But the real jeune
\ giecle brides, those that like to do things
' as New York does them, will have noth
jing but orchids. Margaret Cole had a
j bouquet of the most beautiful orchids that
'•were ever seen at a wedding when she
married Lieutenant Martin Crimmins.
''The exquisite blooms were not. however,
'¦ lovelier than the blonde beauty who car
• ried them.
It was orchids that Colonel Walter Mar
tin sent to Miss Mary Scott durinsr the
peiiod of- his •courtship— a cluster of
orchids every day.
On Christmas and Easter the seven al
tars at St. Ignatius Church are decorated
with many thousands of dollars' worth of
orchids, bowers of the snowy blossoms
; making- a sight that draws larsre numbers
• of visitors, especially tourists from the
f East and Europe. These costly flowers
are the gift of Miss Gately and of Mrs.
Andrew Welch, the mother of Mrs. Eu
[ sene Lent. Mrs. Welch has no conserva
'. tory of her own, but buys the orchids
• from private growers in the country*.
An annual exhibition of orchids, such as
' Is held in New York, will be the next
thins, now that the orchid flower has be
: come the rage in swelldom. Out in Gold
• en Gate Park conservatories are some
rare orchids, and in the private green
houses of our wealthy families the orchid
In variety if not profusion. Orchids
:.do not multiply by propagation, as do
; roses and carnations: the majority of
ffthem have been Imported from, their na
:-tIve wild homes. The European and East
ern florists keep men employed all the
O'ear round in the tropics collecting
t -orchids.
1 Since they became the favorite adorn
•¦snent for dinner tables at set functions
demand has far exceeded the supply.
In the conservatories of Timothy Hop
pdns' country place are found the most
orchids of this part of the
fworld. f Mary Bates McClellan's green
r piouses also contain rare orchids, as do
Zlbe conservatories of D. O. Mills and
.Metier Menlo Park and Burlingame resi
dents.
"• Miss Jennie Flood. Mrs. Eleanor Mar
itln, Mrs. Sherwood. A. B. Forbes, Mrs.
Sloss, Mrs. Gerstle. Miss Nellie Dore,
W. M. I^ent, Mrs. Will Crocker.
fairs. William M. Pierson, Dr. Brigham,
jJMrs. Mau— these are a few of San Fran
yClsco's prominent orchid collectors.
To discourse Intelligently upon orchids
has to study the subject, for It is as
Complicated as the study of porcelains. If
prou talk to a florist about orchids he will
Ebe able to explain what are Cattleyas or
rCypripediums or Odontoglossums or On
j-ddiums. He will tell you the orchid fam
jlly of plants Is divided Into two groups—
[Epiphytal and Terrestrial. The former
itre commonly called air plants, and in
i* : .
SAVED A SHARK'S LIFE BY "STIR
RINS HIM UP."
THE 5XJOT> AX CAL1J.
THE ORCHID
IS FASHION FOR
BRIDESalso Much Strength. With thy Large
Head and thjr Muscular de velojjment
ONCE there lived a Meek Ass.
Yea, verily, for 'umbleness
this Lowly Ass would have
made Uriah Heep seem like unto a
Punched Nickel rolling Uphill on a
JJusty Day. Of- a truth, lie was a Poor
Specimen and his ears hung down
like moth-eaten Babbit Skins, for lie
was Very 'Umble. .
And it came to pass that one day
the Meek Ass said within himself:
"Behold! I will go up into the land
of the Bandar-Log and Learn Some
thing, for, by Bacchus and Gosh! I
know not enough at the | Present
Writing to Scratch when a Flea Bit
eth!".
And as he said, so he did! and he
called upon the Wise Guy of the Ban
dar-Log and knocked his head upon
the ground', saying: - ¦
"0 wisest of Monkeys, canst kriock
a Little Sense into my CrustP For I
em a Fool and a Great Coward!" and
he Pawed Dust upon his Head and
was Very 'Umble.
Now it was so that the Monkey
tribe lived in Villages and their
Houses /were Most Swell. , j
And the Wise Guy of the Bandar-
Log labored long and diligently with
the Dull Ass, for he was a Kind-
Hearted old Gazabe and he saw not
into the Future.
. At last the Ass was ready to re
ceive his Diploma. ,
' "Thou art now a Wise Gazip,"
e aid the Old Monk, "and thou hast
"Yea, verily!" said the Old Monk.
"Thou art the> Heal/ Thing."
"Hooray!" and with the first
transport of his Joy the Ass flung up
his heels, kicking' his Instructor
through the skylight; also he per
formed divers and Many Weird
Dances among the Bric-a-Brac, and
departed through the French Win
dow. . .
"Hee Haw!" he brayed, "I am
now a Wise Ass!" and he went Forth
into the World to forever give people
a Tired Feeling. ;
. "Alas!" sobb-Jd tha Wise Guy of
the Bandar-Log, as ho surveyed the
l esults of his Labors from the top of
a neighboring Tree, "I wotted not
wh«n I began educating him that an
Educated Ass remaineth even more
of an Ass than he was before!" anil
from that day the Monkey durst not
live upon the ground.
Moral: Educate a Fool or cultivate
a Noxious Weed and thou merely
producest a Banker Growth of Weetl
or Fool.
Another Bunch: Bank not on a
Large j Head— the Big Pumpkin hath
nothing inside of it. ' ¦ -
Third Wallop: Don't try .to place
Brains , where Providence saw < fit to
Locate a Vacuum.
tifou needst never fear to Face the
World.". :
"And am I in Good Sooth a Wise
Guy and a mighty Man of Valor P"
asked the Ass. .
FABLE OF TH E EDUCATED ASS.
THE DOG AND THE REFLECTION.
who showed his teeth Most Insult
ingly in Return.
Now this Greedy Dog was not Born
in the Days of Old Aesop, neither was
he a Fool. However, he Bared his
Teeth again and Showed Fight.
"Stay thou there a Moment,
Friend!" he growled. "I'll be with
thee presently like a Ton of Brick!"
and he trotted swiftly away and hid
his Bone in the Ground.
But when he returned to the Pool —
Behold! the Other Dog was also with
out a Bone!
"Just as I Feared!" said the
Greedy Dog. "The Other Fellow hath
bidden His Bone also!" and he was
Lisappointed.
But the Other Dog looked so dis-
appointed ioo that the Greedy Dog
Laughed Heartily and Wagged his
Tail with Delight.
"Thou Also art a Suspicious Guy!"
he chuckled. "Of a truth, there are s.
Pair of us," and as the Other Fellow
wagged his tail likewise and Looke.l
Triendly, the Mollified Dog Trotted
Away in High Good Humor.
• "I have Missed a Good Fight,"
thought he, "but I. have still my
Bone left — and Who Knoweth. what I
might have come out with had I
plunged in, Bone and All?"
Moral: Before you Speculate, go
bury half your Wad.
Another Moral: Valor is a Good
Thing, but Prudence is its Best
Bower. [
Third Wallop: When thou seekest
a Fight first Ascertain whether thqu
hast more to Lose than thou hast to
Gain. /
"By my Father's Fleas I" quoth the
Greedy Dog, "but that Bone Looket'i
Good to Me!*' so he snarled and
showed his teeth at the Other Dog,
DOG was trotting along a nar
/£=\ row Path carrying a Bcne in
v His Mouth. Crossing a Bridge
over a Deep Stream he saw below him
Another Dog having also a Bone in
his Mouth.
THE STORK AND THE BULLFROG
«™ MELANCHOLY Stork stood
jl \ upon One Leg in the midst of
Jf~v a Pool. , •
Now it was so that this Stork wore
an expression of Confirmed Woe. His
Eyes had p. Far- Away look and there
were Deep Furrows upon his Cheeks;
also his Bill rested upon his Breast
and he was the Picture of Dejection.
**. And there lived in the Pool an Im
pulsive Bullfrog who loved to Sym
pathize . whenever he got an Excuse.
"What ailcth thee, Friend StorkP"
he croaked. "Hath gone Broke on
Belgian Hares, or hath thy Mother
in-Law arrived?" '
But the Stork said No Word,
though, he shook his head Sadly and
a sigh whistled through his Long Bill
like the Sound of a Chinese Flageolet.
. And the Sympathetic Frog was All
Busted Up at the sight of so Much
Grief. ' ,
"Behold!", he Sobbed, "I too have
seen Sorrow i Tell me thy Troubles,
O Friend, and I'll Weep with" thee:'*
and the Big Tears chased eacn* otiier.
down his Cheeks and Flunked into
the Pool. ¦ ; . V
. Now the Stork had not asked for
Sympathy, wherefore it all came like
Money from Home." ; ... .'•.'.¦»'-.¦
"Thou wannest my Heart!" said
he, "and lo! now shall I take thee into
my Confidence!" and he reached for
the Sympathetic Frog.
"Alas!" wailed the jj Deluded Vic
tim, "I have been Taken In by one
with whom I was Sympathizing!"
.-"Thy Sympathy .was Not Needed!"
retorted the Stork, "but I find that it
Eeasoneth - my Repast \ ~i Exceeding
Well!" and he Swallowed Him.
Moral: Sympathy is a Blessed
Thing, but da =iot Sow it Broadcast.
The Q..T.: Never Trust Appear
ances — the Saddest-Looking Man I
ever saw held Four Aces and a
Bumper.
And Verily: It is beat to bottle up
thy Sympathy even though it Bust
Thee.
Copyright, 1901, by A. J. Moore. "•
Mr. A. Esop's Fables Up to Date.
Persian Women at Home.
FOR his women folk's ease the well
to-do Persian has an eminent re
gard. . He is an egoist worth talk-
Ing about. The anderun. standing
it part in the midst of the mud-walled en
closure, to all Intents and purposes is in a
separate house, and usually the most pre
tentious part of the whole homestead. In
most cases it is built around four sides of
a court, in which is manifest all that
skilled gardeners, a highly enriched soil,
and an ideal climate can accomplish in
the way of floral splendor.
One of these areas. Into which I was
privileged to look because at that hour it
was known to be deserted by every living:
soul, was probably seventy-five yards long
and more than half as broad. .
It was a difficult task of Imagination to
people it with the ladles of the house
hold, for the home costume of the Persian,
woman is not such that an American, es
pecially one of the male persuasion, may
conceive of her strolling out Into the rosa
gardens in it to take the air of aii after
noon. It Is made up usually of short
skirts, one or more of them, reaching: to
the knees or thereabouts. Sometimes, for
comfort's sake, bloomers are worn under
these, or, it may be, pantaloons of the
traditional pattern, enormously loose and
coming to the ankles, where they are
gathered tight. Oftener, however, these
encumbrances are dispensed with and the
limbs are left untrammeled. — Harper's
Bazar.
who was shore a white man and was re
g™ette~ plenty. -
"The way Billy Boland makes his play
is calculated not to overlook a single bet.
In co'se we wins, but not In just the way
we played it.. Billy fixes it this way. He
leaves the Kid up on the butte, which no
cat, let alone jio,Injun, is going to climb,
'caufc he can't. Three of us scouts around
to the.Jeft.of the spring and three to the
right. The mesquite is plumb thick there
abouts, and down near the Rio the tornea
would ! hide a cavalry . regiment. I had to
crawl through that tornea and am
scratched more than a million times by
the thorns, but I ain't minding that none
In my joy at gittlng that 'Pache. 1 sees
through Billy's system plenty quick, and
I realizes that we are going to humble up
that Injun till he just dies with shame.
There ain't nothing left open for that In?
jun but the Rio, and we all know that the
quicksand is more than a guard there. We
knows it, and the Injun knows it, and it
don't figure none in our calculation. '.,
"Well, sir, when we had all crawled our
little stint Billy Boland, who picks out the
stand nearest the spring, gives one whoop
that is shore a credit to him. The way
that Injun surges out of that biiing spring
is a caution to cats. He comes out of the
stream with a plunge that makes a pitch
ing broncho discouraged. He gathers in
that gaudy headpiece and his Winchester
all in one grapple, hops over behind his
pony and is organized for war in two
shakes.
"Then I gives another whoop on the
t'other side, and he skirmishes around
thatpony just too quick. At that up rises
the Kid on the butte and shoots a mile
over him, but the effect is plenty goou.
That Injun don't 1-now where he is at. He
"where ; the sun is shining pretty on the
Caballero Mountains. If he's thinking
trouble, he don't let on none. He just sits
there straight, one hand shading his eyes,
the. other 'hanging limp where Billy gits
him in the arm. The yellow old Rio glides
past and sort of chuckles low. The quick
sands are a shaking as if they ""appreci
ated what a joke it is on the Injun. We
all stand on the bank and don't say noth
ing, but wait for the rattle as that "Pache
cashes in his last chip. ' .
"By and by the pony gives. a big strug
gle, a last gurgling snort, and his head
goes under. The rider is- now in mud up
to his waist. We had Pedro Chaves with
us, a shore cruel man. in breaking'a hoss.
and he sort of turns loose a few jeers in
greaser talk. , '
" 'Shut 'up, Mexico!' snaps Billy. "That's
no Siwash. • Don't you see he's' clean
strain? Let him alone, or I'll chuck you
in after him!' .
"But the Injun had understood the pal
aver, and it riles him a heap. He screws
around in his saddle and uses the pony's
sunken back as a purchase till he pulls
himself up. It is a hard struggle, for
them sands, hates to let go their grip. But
at last the sands give a gulp and the In
jun stands upon the pony, knee deep in
the quicksands. Gawd! I sometimes sees
his face now when I'm tapering off a pro
longed. It was shore full of hate. He
raises his good arm and begins to cuss us.
Most of the cusslns is . In "Pache.* but
once in a while he talks Mexlcano.
"We all knew enough of the lingo to ap
preciate what he was saying, and it was
shore hostile. About half of it in Ameri
can would have our Winchesters.
Pedro, being greaser, takes a lot of it, but
at last he throws up his gun with a snarl.
I reckon he'd have spoiled that 'Pache
"When he comes to the' edge 'he don't
aim to make no stop. It # hurts his pride
to hesitate, " but the pony sniffs them
sands and swings off.' The Injun pulls
his head around and puts it to the pony
proper with his heels. The pony pitches,
snorts arid then jumps out. It is a good
enough jump a* Jumps go. and sends
pony and 'Pache out twenty feet from the
"The water has fallen a lot and there is
a drop of five Or six feet to the water.
You' understands that there, ain't much
water then, jest an inch or two of muddy
river. But the quicksands are under that
inch or two, and no one knows how deep
them sands is.
"At that, we spread out go we guards
the edges of the Rio, not looking for that
Injun to make ho slip by us. The moment
he tries that he is a dead Injun, seeing it
isn't no more., than a forty-yard shot,
which same can't be missed in this Ter
ritory. But that Injun ain't organizing
for no such play. Singing that nifty
chant of his, he rides slow and straight
to the edce of the Rio.
war bonnet. He never moves. Another
boy on the off side rakes him across the
chest and gits a couple of bear claws from
his necklace. At that the Injun sits up
mighty straight and starts his pony on a
slow trot, and as he starts he beelns to
sing his death song. It was a wild,
'mournful "iort of a ehanO sliding up and
down in a Ions wail, pretty much like a
sick coyote.
"Now, I'm .damned if he don't ride
straight and slow for the. Rio. Seeing him
start away from us, the Kid up on the
bluff shoots at him, but misses, being
young.
•' 'Quit that!' yells Billy. 'Let him look
over them quicksands a piece.'
takes a snap at the Kid. which same is a
pitiful failure. Then Billy shakes loose a
load at him, and busts that 'Pache's arm
so that he drops his gun and don't shoot
no more. He gathers in his lariat, hops
on his horse and starts a jumping through
the mesquite. . •. . v -. >t .
"Right here- Billy'spjRn'^etitf-action- on.
We all rises and thaTlDjSn'pulljtup. Here
we are all around him.* with the butte at
his back ajid the 5tlo before him.
"I ain't no mind reader, and I don't say.
just what that 'Pache thinks at' this p'lnt.
He naturally. 'Iow3 that he's got to die
a lot, there being no other trail out. .I'm
offering big odds that the Injun is plumb
ashamed of himself at being caught that
way. Perhaps he throws In a few back
hand reproaches at the big spirit of the
spring, arid perhaps he don't. It being evi
dent that he is trustful no end of his lit
tle ole gods. But it is a safe bet that \ *
is glad none of his people are looking out
his foolish game.
"The thins that must of hurt him the
most is the feeling that he ain't got a
stitch of paint on. It's a turrible thing
for an Injun to face his foes after a bath,
before he. has time to fresco himself prop
er for war. It's just hell on that Injun.
Plain death ain't a lot to him. beinsr that
he's .an Ar>ache, who ¦ is used to dying.
But it is black disgrace to be caught a
washing hlsself in the presence of his ene
mies. ¦ ¦ • .
"Billy Boland a'lus 'lowed that the In
juns don't consider that sacred spring no
wash. " Billy ranked it as a big worship,
and the cleaning of it. was the ¦" sacrifice
thereof. , He says this Injun must have
felt himself a powerful sinner. , besides be
ing plenty sick, or he ain't going to lose
raint that way. However, Billy's little
old plan of humiliation worked right. As
that Injun sat on his pony all steaming
clean, without a single streak of red or
blue to cheer him up, he must have feit
humble. : ¦ .
'IFor about ten seconds he sat motion
less on his pony, one arm dangling and
bleeding,' v/hich same blood may have
comforted him a bit. I shakes loose one
load and gits an eagle feather out of that
"The Injun sits there with his bank to
us and looks steadily across the Rio to
"So soft Is that" jump that it don't
make the 'Pache lose a" note of the song
he sings. He sits there knee deep in the
quicksands and sings what he takes to be
the last stanza, though we don't savvy
the meaning none. .All of us boya comes
out of the mesquite and gathers there on
the bank, not a rope's throw from him.
The Kid he comes swarming down from
the butte and is present to the last.
"When they lands they gits into a nice
soft spot and don't make a jar calculated
to hurt that busted arm. But the pony
sinks more than belly deep and bogs
down. Nothing more is doing with that
pony until the hoss judgment day. He
thrashes about a time or two, give a
shrill squeal, the same being his death
song, and sinks gradual, hi3 eyes start
ing out of his head with terror.
high bank. ; They hits the , Rio with a
splash and a plop and a bit of a scramble,
but not much.
party right there if Billy Boland hadn't
pushed aside the barrel. So Pedro only
shoots up the mountain across the Rio.
!"Drop that foolishness:' veils Biily.
'That Injun's mouth will be stopped proper
enough. You are interrupting the MLHM.
which same I don't stand none. Whose
funeral is this, anyway?' .
"It looks like the sands git a fresh grip
on that pony as he sinks, and the In.iui*
is drawn down fast. First his waist, then
his shoulders and then his neck. Did you
all ever notice how the sun droDS all sud
den when it is half sunk? That'3 the way
that Injun goes toward the last. A ripple
of the Rio washes up to his rnouih. He
hands out one last yell at u<*. starts his
death chant, bubbles a note or two, and
then there ain't no 'Pache. but just a nifty
war bonnet floating. Billy he ropes them
feathers for a souvenir. Somewhere down
in them quicksands there's a mighty brave
Injun keeping company with the cows."
"Which lame is a true storv. 1 wa3
there," remarked one of ihe boys
proudly.
Mr. Henders shivered slightly and tosae<1
aside- the cigarette which he vainly was
tryinc to roll, f
"Let's have another drink, "Doys," he
said. A. C. McKENZIE.
*T ERMOSA. X. M.-Althourh it 1&
l\ not quarter payday for the cattle-
I I raen who make this 'i«*!e camp
J their safety valve after tlue«»
months on the range. Bud t*ecb\ea.
boss of the Diamond Heart ranch, lias
b*en In town this week with his whole
outfit. By stage from Lake Valley, the
nearest railroad point on the Santa Fa,
"\\\ F. Henders. the Knglishman who r*-p
rcsents the London syndicate, had* come
to Hermosa to talk with the boys about
the best way to keep the thousands of
cows on whose lean flanks a heart is
burnt inside a diamond out of (he jeadly
quicksands of the Upper Rio Grande.
If it were not for these famous quick
sands the range hereabout would be a
gold mine for those English capitalists
whose cows by the thousands roam about
the pray expanse which the greasers cail
"the voyage of death." To a tenderfoot
like young Bangs, who is riding with the
outfit this year for his health and his
chuck, the waterless alkali plain which
stretches eighty miles from the mountains,
about Hermosa to the Upper Rio Grande
seems a. tough proposition. But good
cowmen like Bud Peebles know that the
gramma rrass curls flat and gray over
the clains and makes it a good enough
range if it were not for the ouesfon of
water.
Speaking plainly.it is not just water; for
New Mexican rows do not have to drink
much oftener than a camel and do not in
the least mind bunching up and galloping
thirty or forty miles for a good long suck
at the Rio Grande. But for miles the Kio
<Jrarde is lined with the most treacherous
quicksands in the world, with only now
ar.d then a hard bottom ford nr a firm
ftrip where the cows might drink in
rafety. . •
Wise a? are lcr.ghorns in general, they.
do not seem to learn anything about
quicksand. Many a time the boys have
rop<?d a bogged stc-^r and have nulled him
out of sure death, only to have the brute
charge them fiercely ar.d then "jihd ?n
and mire down in pretty much the same
spot from which he was rescued.
"Ten thousand cows gone in them sands
ought to knock sen?e IntA even a London
er's head." remarked Bud Peebles frank
ly as h" and the boys settled down to dis
cuss with Mr. Henders the question of
fencing In the Rio bank for forty miles,
leaving gaps only where the bank is
gravel. "Therefore I'm offering ten to one
that you all have come out to wire that
l*>etle cle Rio. There ain't no sort of use
for you all to prance 'way out here if it
ain't that a-way, seeing you fits a buggy
a hesp better than you do a saddle."
The Englishman smiled quietly and
nodded again at Fat Frank, the barkeeper
of the Burnt Brand, where the confer
ence was being held. Mr. Henders had
b.cn too often on the range to treat the
beys as if they were merely flired men.
Meaning to draw out his Justification to
the directors for spending thousands of
dollars in fencing, a course which they
frowned on, but which he had already
decided to follow, he did not tell the men
at once that he had already ordered five
oarioads of wire in Chicago on his way
West.
"Wire costs a lot by the m!le. Bud," he
remarked, as Fat Frank slammed down
tho heavy bottles 'on the bar and they all
"simmers :?ded."
"So does cows," snapped Bud. "And so
dcts men."
"How many men have been swallowed
up by those treacherous sands?" asked
Mr. Henders.
"Records don't keep well in the Terri
tory," replied the cowboy, "and there
ain't no saying for shore. But I knows
myself of a bis bunch. Plenty of them
the sands is welcome to. Gawd! What a
mess you'd git if you ever could run them
sands through a strainer T* Cows and
ponie?, greasers, Injuns, rustlers and
good square boys are as thick in them
sands us plums in a imdden*. I reckon
you'd lind a bully ole 'Pache down near
the bottom, standing plumb straight on
the back of his hoss. He went down that
a-way, waving his hand and a cussing a
passel of us boys on the bank, a-whoop
ing his death song.
"That was back in the seventies, when
ole Victoria was surging over these parts,
shooting up cowmen and greasers and
running off cows till Crook corrals him
up in the Mogollons. There was a mighty 1
fine captain that was a-biling rheuma
tism out of himself in a hot spring out
on the Rio bank beyond Las Palomas
when them 'Paches creeps up and fills
him so full of arrows that he dies right
then and there, making that healing ole
spring steam red.
"A couple of years after the captain
gits killed up in the spring six or seven
of the boys comes soft over the high
mesa above that biiing spring and looks
down to see a lone 'Pache bilir.g himself
in the hole which the Injuns had stoned
up years ago, wh&i like enough there
ain't even greasers here about. The hole
steams a plenty, and we don't see clear,
but we gits a glimpse of a nifty war
bonnet lying on the edge and a pony
staked out near by. This gives the snap
away, and we laffs fit to kill, thinking
as how it is just too. easy to win out that
Injun.
"He must have been Fhore sick, or he
ain't going to make no such careless play
as that. We creeps back on the mesa to
stake our hosses, and Billy Boland, who
is boss them days, arranges the deal.
Billy is one of the men who lifts the cap
tain out after the Injuns has made an
arrow cushion out of him.
" 'We'll make that 'Pache look like an
amateur,' says Billy. *Don"t you boys go
and get quick on the trigger. I can do
all the plugging necessary to protect our
play till It's down to cases, when you all
can place your shots according to your
individual tastes. But the thing to do
is to make that Injun feel ashamed a
whole lot. We rubs it into him as how
he ain't got squaw sense to go a biiing
himself thus careless. It's an easy win
tnat he has made a big medicine and
thinks that the spirit of the spring is rid
ing herd on him, which same is a snare
and a delusion."
"It's a terrible solemn thin^ for a
'Pache to take a bath anyhow, and I
reckon the whole procedure sort of threw
that 'Pache oft! his stride. Anyhow, there
he is a-splashing himself under that drift
ing steam, while we all is a-snlckering up
on the mesa above him. a-thlnking how
we makes good for that army captain
THE SUNDAY CALLi
11
DRIVEN INTO THE QUICKSANDS OF THE UPPER RIO GRANDE"• -- : ¦ - ' THE ; ; SU^A^;y ; CALl^^:
12JPRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUSTE. J>,\ 1001— THIRTY^T^O^PAGBSi
VOLUME XC-NO. 9.
Steamship Australia Will Make a Special Trip to Tahiti That Tourists May
Witness Four Days 1 Novel Programme in Which the Marquesans Take
Part, Their Weird and* Primitive Customs Being Highly Interesting
NATIVES FROM MANY SURROUNDING ISLANDS
WILL PADDLE IN THEIR CANOES TO PAPEETE
TO HELP CELEBRATE FALL OF THE BASTILE
DUEL BETWEEN LASSEN COUNTY
MINING PARTNERS THE RESULT
OF A LONG-STANDING QUARREL
Benedick Wisenberger Declares Aged Thomas Wat
; : son _>Began'^tKe\Fig|ii^hiB;t;-Ended "in- the'Latter's
\ Qeath---A Witness Says Slayer Was Aggressor
•'This will be a grand opportunity for
Americans and all tourists to witness the
- celebration," . he said yesterday. (. "The
Btenmship Australia, which leaves here
on June 26, will call at the Marquesas
' Isiards, which is a point that steamers
never touch. A stay of nine hours will be
VICTOR AND . VANQITISHEri'IN. A : SENSATION AlP 'DUEL.' "TO THE j
1 DEATH . BETWEEN 'TWQ ; MINING* PARTNBiI\3.iON.; A .RANCH . IN^.
' SbUTHERN.'LASSEN- COUNTY.* .' ! : ' >' i': : : ::¦¦¦-. '. "
¦~.K-/:~--..'" ; !-..:'>^:i!^..^.!r^;'*'.v^. '. - ' ; !'!:-.' ¦:C~' K -'.\:l{- .¦ ; . ' -^'--
TEXAS RAISES THE RIDICULOUS
QUARANTINE AGAINST THIS CITY
• Kr;;:; <m £& ;.T'!--" i ,-!; ; ;;;,!!»!,!. ,"-..:-¦:.: ;:;-'-; ¦:.-<. ;¦ * : ; ' : ---- : : y -:
/ " : j ;ah Order That^orksa;GreatH
J. investigation of the situation ; to • day . issued : an '.order , authorizing - :
r,l iSto^^H^l^] Officer iW. . F.;Biotuit 3to* rataiTtie^quarantine '^whlch: "
Texas has "been - enforcing .for th e' pa st several [ months^ against .San :
': Francisco on; account of the alleged existence* of bubonic"! plagfue in? ¦
{-'thatcityV The'inspection^^at lia^ the Texas line,-;-/;.
El Paso/'and . at ' theBed^Kiyer. crossing of- the Gulf,' Colorad'b and' .-f;
Santo:.' Fe ; railroads, . wereT'discon tinued to'rday. ; This quarantine has ~*i \
: Worked a . ¦ great* hardship oni the railroads, particularly on thV South- '[
.'.-'!•' ern'FacifleVan'd causedthe traveling 1 public much Jinconvenience.
are canoe races and native sports, the
fun&lest being the walking on the 'greasy
pole for a live pig.
Curios can be secured without number,
the natives at the present time not appre-
• •, . . ;; ¦ . ' , -• .• \ ; i- . ; i • " ' ;
made there, and upon resuming, the trip
the beat -will, take on board a, large num
ber of the natives, whowillgo.to' the cele
bration on the steamer. •>..,' '¦•;>>-. ..
"The Marquesas Islands' are. filled- with
THIS year's celebration by the Ta
hltlans at Papeete of the, fall
of the Bastile will eclipse all pre
vious ones. Great preparations
are being made for the event, and
a fine opportunity will be furnished white
people to see the savages from "all the
South Sea Islands gathered together in
one blc powwow. , ..
The Oceanic Steamship Company will
dispatch the Australia to Tahiti on June
26 on a special trip to give residents of
this city a chance to witness this novel
native celebration. It Is claimed that
these gatherings of the natives are the
most primitive In the world. The natives
Et&rt from the small Islands several weeks •
before the celebration and all Journey to
Tahiti In their canoes.
Four I>ays of Celebration.
This year's celebration ¦will last four
flays, end the programme Is replete with.
ynovel and impressive events. The most
'interesting is the Hymene. contest The
natives\of each island have beautiful
songs and chants. The song3 are sung
by choirs composed of men," women and
lx>ys. and the effect is awe-inspiring.. They
elns in competition for prizes, and the
members of the winning choir are heroes.
Prizes are also offered for the most artis
tic end prettiest costumes. These, cos
tumes, though made of cocoanut fiber, are
both handsome and of soft texture. There
elating their: value. ', The climate Is not too
warm there at this time of the year, and
a large passenger list Is expected to go
down on the Australia. Passengers buy
ing tickets will be' allowed to remain on
board the steamer while she lies at Ta
hiti, and the steamer will return to San
Francisco Immediately after the celebra
tion. The entire trip will be made In less
than thirty days.
Business Lively in Tahiti.
. . . .. t ...-.¦
A. Goupll, Vice President of the Coun
cil General, the Civil Parliament of Ta
hiti, who arrived here recently, Is. most
enthusiastic over the celebration. ;
savages, who still live: up to .the. old tradi
tion of being. tattooed; 'although^,^he. Gov
ernment has ¦ given strict orders that -the
custom must be abolished. . These' natives
were all cannibals ; until a few years : ago.
"Times are good at ".Tahiti,'; |. thanks' to
the steamship service. 1 ' Tourlstsyare pay
ing us a visit, and no ' spot"in 'the?; world Is
so "easy of " access" and "yet'^so'*' primitive"."
Since the Oceanic ' •Steamship ' Company
put on a regular -line 'we^have'had better
facilities for trading.'. Weare able to ship
our fruit to this country,' and I expect to
see a "clg trade built. up the isl-'
fends and this port." i I j v '-?-•¦*'>::¦:
GREEDY POWERS PROLONG THE NEGOTIATIONS
CONCERNING INDEMNITY DEMANDS ON CHINA
the present conditions In . China, will ' not
cease' their ~ v opposition • to the adoption .of
the 'American, proposal. * * . './;,: > ' :'¦¦¦. '* >¦
\ The * 'Chinese* Minister,- who « has ' •• been
lending' 'hlA'. co-operation^^ to' th'e. movement
for:raIdnK'f8rh^j^erican>jre^ie,f^p^^o£
the '•¦* famine-stricken j people ii'bt 'v Shanal
province.'* a -few * days/ ago'., cabled . Di ; Hung
Chang," that '.< Louis'* Klopsch ; of the Chris
tian; Herald'; had by,7cableJ placed i at* the
disposal' of ' the , relief.^; committee 'formed
by r American missionaries; in China a pre
liminary of .' $20,000. , To-day
Minister, Wu received the following ac
kiiowledgrment,~dated Peking, June 8:' ;' ¦. ••
"Tour,. cable of June 5 ¦ received. \ ¦ The
fa mine in ¦ Shansi Js causing great suffer
ing and distress ; to people'.- .there?^- The
benevolent '.' people- of- > America, ; through
the Christian i Herald, [are ' very kind in*
SHOWING SOME .OF THE ATTRACTIONS FOR THE 12 YES OF TOUR-' ' '
ISTS WHO HAPPEN TO BE IN PAPEETE DURING THE Fa£,L.> OF j •
THE BASTILE CELEBRATION. ' \ - :: ;.;..;.'
their, differences.' continued. to- grow-more
bitter, until , the climax.'came on Thursday,
.-when .Watson -went from his, home with a
'; spade* ahd.'a;.rifle.-with the, avowed inten
sion ;,of -cutting " ; the! 'ditch conveying the
water^.'dnd ; turning . the ' stream upon his
land. TWIaenberger followed, him and the
duel.tbthe deatb,,resultcd..; • ¦ ¦ > ' "
H Watson ; was past : t 7Q. years of. age and a
man; accustotaed'to* haying his 'own 7 way.
Se,ve"rar> times /previously "he had declared
Ijewould cut the tiitch; but each time his
e]ldest s'dri,;Ge6?ge Watson, interposed and
induced .".him ; to V forego hls> -intention.
George! ; Wa tson l^as cpnstaqtly acted as
peacemaker between the warring partners
and 'had --he been at home on Thursday the
tragedy, probably Would have been averted.'
? Henry. Vogt cah -• congratulate • himself
upon, the t f act that the shootinffjwas not
a thiree-cornored affairj When he heard
the reports, of Wisenberger* s shotgun and
Watson's rifle he attempted^ to arm .him
self :and | start 'for the ; scene."" His "wife
held him i and > implored him not' to 'go.' By
the time he had freed.hlmself and reachea
the j scene ; of .^th'e- shootinsr .Watson was ,-a
corpse.;? .Young Frank Watson^' following
thip- ViHlne- 'of his father, picked up the
tetter'*" rifl<?/ and 'fired J three* shots at
Wlsenberser.^ but the' latter, escaped un
schthed, andC "mounting a "horse; rode at
reickleps fp'eedito this. place' to surrender
hlrh^elf.-,''-.i.'V;-ry- •• v ¦:¦ ¦ ... .'- " -
Estate- of (Playwright Hoyt,
I NEW .>TORK, June ,S.— The .estate of
Charles: H.'tHoyt. - the playwright/after
paying aU»claiamsramoums "to J122.106. - -
>y '!. USANyiLLE.'iJujie j^Confltcting
! {^5^* accounts of '.the* duel ' that !pcr.
'; curred. orii Th'ursday ''¦.afternoon
'between Benedick ';wisenbergor
: 7 " • - ' and • Thomas'^ '-Watson '/^on^ ithe
ranch of the latter, near this' pl^e.'leaye
doubt ~> as- to ..which > wasT? the -' aggressoir.'
Wisenberger remalns ; in .Lassen Caun-,
ty Jail here, awaiting • his;prelimlr.ary>x^
amination." He /declares; that x was !^red
upon twice by Watson, befo'reiheibcoixKb^,
his , shotgun to his .shjou^der^aiid,;flrca . Uhe_
charge that instantly! killed^the Tola Jman.C
On the other band, it is said'.thatj Frank;
Watson, a son of. the dead man.- wjll;tes
tify at the hearing that was;
the aggressor.; Th.e fact Jthat Wisenberger^
armed himself and followed .Watson when
the latter, went' to cut the ; dttch supplying
their mine with water. is» against .him, as
indicating his intention to prevent the' act
byfor'ce. ¦ ¦ •-'";' ¦¦*¦.<",; ;¦" ¦*;." •¦. ¦) "¦' : .-'. '•'. ¦'.
>. The duel betweenthe two partners came
:as no' surprise to' those known
of! the.^bitter feeltni?; between 'them: '-.When"
Wisentoerger and Henry; Vogt entered Into!
an <v agreement* -.with - ; Watspn" ; to- work ; a
mlnVupon-hls i land it .was: stipulated. that,
the Vwater. : supply .available should be used |
first, in the j mine and \ then j to "• irrisate ' the
feurrcundlng.ranch land. j! !.;y, N ; K ' . '•', " (;
• This ; season, i! havingfneed -of. the.Cwater v
for Irrigation; the rich old rancher sought
to v abrogate \ the - agrement/. which - would
mean 'the '.cl osing of .the mine. 1 £ There mas
a ; protest jTrornHhe 'other, 'partners,': and
WIFE: OF PRESIDENT \
:'¦'¦. RESTING COMTOBTABLY
Dr. Bixey Says There Has Been No
Material Change in Her
Condition.
•WASHINGTON, June 4.— Dr. Rlxey left
thft White House at 11:20 to-night after *
visit that extended over two hours. H»
saiorjj^"/';: "Vr r. : ; r :r' ¦¦-•;"• v :-' -.
'""MrsT McKinley's condition Is about the
.same«as,re"ported In this morning's bulle
tia->She?has rested comfortably to-day.
-There^has- been no material change,
though* possibly there has been a barely
perceptiblo - -Improvement. - She is now
sleeping soundly." -
: The feeling at the White House to-night
was a little mbre hopeful as to the out
come. A The : fact ; that Mrs. McKinley has
been . resting .. much " .b.e.tter _than usual in
th« past, few days has. been an important
factor in fighting the disease. There have
,been'no"developments during the day of
an' unfavorable nature. -Dr. Hixey stayed
a- half hour longer than -usual to-night,
spending considerable time with the Pres
ident in discussion and explanation of the
cas'e.' The President saw no callers to
night." but a number of persona left then
cards and made personal Inquiries. The
.President spent an hour or more during
this a'fternoon with Jefferson Reynolds of
New Mexico, a. relative of Mrs. McKln-
WiPMM -' : "'-V ' •
SAYS- ITALY. WILL NOT
' ' BE "ANY POWER'S PTJTPPET
DBETPXrS' "UTTEB; LACK
OE OEATITTJDEjTO LABOBIE
Signor Guccardini .Urges Deputies to
. Make a Vigorons Stand on Al
;" k '¦'¦"¦¦ baiilan' Question^ '
i-\R0ME. June 8.— Signer Guccardini, the
reporter of the budget committee, epeak
iiig .in" tb"e Chamber " ot Deputies on the
Albanian question, said it was, in his
opinion,- critical, as the movement In
Macedonia might precipitate a surprise at
any moment. Italy, he declared could
not be the puppet "of any power, whether
of the first or second rank. She had al
ready suffered at Blzerta, but she could
not. accept another Bizerta at Vallona or
,Durazzo. He cited a series of incidents,
.which", he claimed, went to show • tha
propaganda was carried on in Albania by
Austria-Hungary,-, and " asked whether
such' a' propaganda was reconcilable with
the declarations made at ' Vienna and
Rome regardingfthe' maintenance of the
status quo, which, in his opinion, -was
unstable. Other speakers referred to the
unrest in the Balkans. !
"These utterances, . taken in , connection
With' Count Goluchowskl's recent speech,
•indicate that the statesmen . fear that
trouble Is imminent in Southeastern* Eu
¦ rope. • Th~e Foreign Signo'r Pri-
Tjlttl. had been expected to make an Im
portant speech'to-nlght.but v hls address
was postponed. . •._ •
But the distinguished Advocate Bs
;.; mains Loyal to the Persecuted
: French Captain.
— LONDON,- June 8.— The visit to England
of. Maltre -Laborie.-".th»r' distinguished
Fren ch , adVocate,"" has developed the I .fact
ihat^ the ''relations^ between •; himself "and
Dreyfus • have '. greatly changed since the
Rehne's : drama. '¦. M.. Laborie's friends say
• that"- Dreyfus -.¦ has ; treated his "Savior"
shamefully. / - declare (that the "last
time' Dreyf us > stayed : In T Paris ; he - never
went near- M. Latwrie . and has In*; other
ways \ shown >what they ' stigmatize as an
utter lack ' of .gratitude. M. ' Labdrie : does
not his" appreciation of these" dr- '
cumstances, but Is as ardent as ever,' de
daring In ' private ; that • Dreyfus was
wrongfully; convicted and -the slIgHest
suggestion' to^ the contrary ia sufficient to
send ¦: the {advocate • Into a • passionate fit .
of : denunciation of -\ Dreyfus' * detractors,
and ' whatever may be ' the ¦ personal rela
tion*"^between himself and the former
prisoner 'of '. Devils , Island, i he certainly
has -not lost any ardor In behalf of . h.13
famous; client. ,
Trails of Ruin and Death
Mark the Storm's "
¦ Progress. .
F)arm Hcuses Destroyed and
; Lives Lost in Several
: • ; 4 ¦ Localities.
InV Noble "and Kay ; Counties Nearly
'•'•Every. Building Is Damaged by ;;'«->¦¦.
.' the ' iFierce Winds. " !
*¦>•*.-; ¦ •¦:'¦¦ ?'. .-- • •¦ ¦;¦¦¦ ¦ •J' :.¦'"
''WICHITA. : Kalis.; June ; 8.— The /most
disastrous: storm which has ever visited-
Oklahoma . prevailed In iKay , County last
night. :A tornado struck BIllings^Eddy
and. Tonka wa- and its influence. covered a
stretch ; of country ten miles wide and
thirty-s!x. miles long.
The; following are. known to have been
killed 7 at Eddy: ' .
MRS: MAUDE McGATHEY. /
LOUIS McGATHEY. - '
: BOB McGIFFIN. ¦•;- "> ; . . - s ; ; -.,.:
' The injured— Charles .Goldsmith', .'skull
fractured;; John 'McFrain;-.leg ''-broken:
'Hugh^Pjatlier. nose broken: 'Jud'McWil-'
•liams.v head \ crushed ;* .Howardt.Hamagan,
head .badly, ;'crushed; -Ruby • Higinbothpri;
face crushed', 'and internal- ;in Jurle's ;' AV D. 1
Evans, -leg. broken. * ' r\ • •'",';;. : : . ?¦ -
i c ,7 Many Farmhouses' Wrecked; ¦ .
:j'Nearly every farm house in Northwest
ern Kay ¦County is more or less damaged.
Not a wind mill has been left .'standing,'
and\the u face of country is;' covered
with fdebris.Js Blackwell suffered^ considpr-'
abjy.^ Practically every piece' of glass in
; the city; has-been broken. 'if the loss, re
ported is correct! including ;the damage
to crops from-wind and hail, it will be
more than $100,000. .The tornado' was : the
[worst at Eddy, where Bob McGlffln was
killed and'his mother fatally wounded.
'A telephone message from Enid to-night
says the' fatalities at Eddy were; seven
persons, ."but the report cannot ' be : con
firmed. -
•I It is also" reported that two. were killed
at 'Billings, but ; that, city: cannot -be
reached by^, telephone as. the Varp
'down-'' Very little 'can' be \ heard ¦¦ i'rbm- the;
" — ¦:*;• * ?-. — ** l v t 'r> V ij^*- -*¦ 4 ¦*''''¦* 1"*
: ; ?•; -¦ Three Separate Stomte^'**r4'\v
''' It ' is evident -that it : was • not the ; same
tornado' that struck all : the 'places. ! It Is
probable jthat; three separate " storms prer
vailed "s.t \ practically .'the \ same time. { At
Eddj' . only, two houses .•.remain standjng.
It j was , a small ¦ town... The ~ pre valency of .
cyclone . cellars undoubtedly . saved many
ilves. v It 'is | estimated^ that not' less than'
160 houses in • , BlackweH. Eddy," Billings
and Tonkawa -were injured. . J , .
The office "of one tornado Insurance com
pany out of forty-three doing business in'
Oklahoma received eleven telekrams to
night announcing the losses. They claim
that their losses will not fall far short of
seventy-five houses in Kay County, and
that the- total losses of the forty r three
companies will be something enormous. . ¦
, "Vanarsdale ¦ Brothers, .hail insurance
agents, doing business here, are receiving
claims for' total losses.' . The smallest
claim they have received is for a 50 per
cent loss. Kay County is said to be the
banner/single county in the United. States
for wheat. ; Heavy fj^ hailstorms struck
BlackweH,-; Pqnca • ¦City, vLilyvale, -Deer
Creek and Perry, [ :•¦.; ' - -. '' ¦ . : / ' .;.
v V. ."' Worst! Storm in Years. \, ' ; ;
• ENli>,. O. T.;: June 8.— The worst storni
i^n -years .swept over the. .Territory/ last
Bight. .It"was particularly severe in Noble,
and ' Kay- counties.; The gale commenced
tornado, speed,' carrying 'everything before
It.' At : Billings, Noble County,' much dam
age was done.' Seven people were killed
and many severely Injured. ; A. cloudburst
occurred near -Hennessey. J, Kingfisher
County, and' Kingfisher City jse
verely". '¦'-, ;' : ¦';' '¦" "^ '¦ • ¦ " : ¦¦.:: r ¦''¦'- ."\\
I GUTHRIE: .0. > T. , June | 8/— A • special
to the Capital! from Tonka wa.'O.T.,. says
a terrible "wind and' ' rain v' storm /struck
there • at 5 .'o'clock Friday . afternoon '¦; and
lasted two' hours,' causing, great damage.;
Wires were .blown down and.'communica
tion- was only established^ this '"afternoon."'
Two big' church'; buildings; are damaged
and twelve houses /were torn, down ~;anr!
blown away "arid ; thirty residences, badly
wrecked. -The streets; were flooded by. the
rain that followed the '.wind and .hail.. One
person was injured^-Mrs. -John Martin—
who! was*'hurt by., falling* on.- a stone as
the storm raoved,the house, off its founda
tion; 5 The SaH ; Fork River is full" of rub
'bishj of j houses ¦ and I, ..'¦¦¦¦
•¦ •-; ¦ : . : . U>
| BT.ACKWEI.L. ,O. j T, ; June 8.— A: de
structive' ha.il' and. rain ftorm visited here
•last f night;"? killing" ..three^persons arid do-
ing, much damage • to ..property.;" J. H.~
Crawford, a " prominent fi contractor, - waa
Wfled3^1!gtttiiK^^Ji3^^^o^^tw<flvft
miles southwest'of here; v was blown away.
At.tha't place two persdhs'we'rer, killed' and"
several others lhiuVed^; The"; names' of the
dead and j injured are ; not - yet ; obtainable. |
raising a , relief - • fund; and,, remitting, as a
first installment rthe;su^^^
Wand 'Amerlcan£dollar.3lto^affor^-immedi
ate relief ."v.'We, aVe^extrexnely/gfatef ul"> to
jLh'e'.- "Americans,;;; ,whQse .! .liberality riairid;
bencflcencejinake i 'no distinction 1 of -race or.
graph jthe •imperial \ Government Vand 'the
Go\ erhor of Shahsi: ' ''-' « ;•;.* . ' ."-" ', v . -"*. . . • . . ..
.'•'- ¦ .,'• *jL ¦ \ .tV/v/J^i'li ;Hung^chang'".' : '
j SHANGHAI^June^An -imperial - edict
if si ed ' r June ' 6 \ announces » that 'owing * to'
the~,hot;weather arid,theiadvanced ; ageiof
the \ Dowager : Empress | the * return of . the
court .to . Peking has \ been postponed - t\\\
September" 1, '', which £ the 7 astrologers fan
nbu nce-to .be , an \ auspicious • day I to I com-
OKLAHOMA
IS SWEPT BY
TORNADOES
ALTURAS, June • 8.— Alturas was
thrown into another fever of excitement
this I morning ' when, following so closely
upon the ". Lookout quintuple lynching,
came fthe news that . Guy Williams had
been murdered at his home about twelve
miles east of Alturas.
At- the' school election held In that
neighborhood yesterday there was a bit
ter'contest and much Ill-feeling was cre
ated. Captain Jones got the worst of a
fight, that occurred there in the evening.
This, morning, while the Williams family
were seated at their morning meal a shot
was heard and their eldest son, Guy Will
iams, fell ' to the floor with a bullet
through his brain. Reports reaching Al
turas have it that Captain Jones'flred the
shot, but whether this Is authentic Is not
yet known. '/ ,1
¦ Guy" Williams was a steady-going
young -'man of about 23 years and well
liked. He was to have" been married next
month.'. His father is a well-to-do sheep
owner of this county. - Coroner J. M.
Pierce and Dr. H. T. Rlsdon left Alturas
this afternoon for the scene of.tha mur-
Crime Follows Bitter School
Election Contest Near
Alturas. '.
- '. ' —
Suspicion Points to a Tffan Who Was
Worsted in a Fight at the
Polls. •: . if\
Bullet Fired Through a
— . Window Kills Guy
**-•;•>. Williams.
MODOC YOUTH
IS SLAIN BY
AN ASSASSIN
iiliil
Pages 13 to 22
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 8.— Again the
euggestlon that the Chinese ' Indemnity
question be referred to The Hague tri
bunal for determination has been ad
vanced by the United States.
In resubmlttingr this proposition/*
United States Commissioner Rockhlll has
practically confessed that little progress
of Importance has been made In reaching
a solution of this vexatious feature of the
Chinese negotiations. In fact. It Is posi
tively known that instead of the powers
having determined upon $337,000,000 as the
amount of their claims, as has all along
been believed," they are still far from an
agreement on this point It Is also stated
that no agreement has been reached re
garding the method China shall be re-
Qulrcfl^to adopt to satisfy .the claims of
the powers.
The indemnity question may therefore
be regarded as being In the same stage it
was when its consideration first began. It
may be that some of the propose
Jto-«ubmit larger claims th"ari hitherto're
'ported. 1 *^he United States will strenuous
ly oppose such action. Rockhlll desired
to avoid further breakers upon which' the
1 negotiations might be wrecked by secur
ing a reference of the whole question to
The Hague.
Had. the, suggestion been adopted when
first advocated It is believed in Washing
ton 'that a settlement of ¦ the 'Chinese
trouble would have been reached before
the , present , time. It Is feared here that
Germany arid other powers, which have'
large claims and desire a continuance of
ii'" iumPi rMiMiUFWiiiinliniwtrfiiiiMiiiii m iiihhim'ihiii
The San Francisco Call¦ Not Believed at the Vatican. .V r
ROME, June 8.— No; credence is giv«>n In
Vatican] circles . to .the ; report : circulated
that . the United States ' Government, in-
, tends to establish a legation at "the Vati
can,,though this naturally would be very
agreeable to the Vatican. ¦"; -^ \, ¦
Machinists Given the Increase. %
LIMA, O., June 8.— The striking !¦ ma-'
chinists in the ' Lake '' : Erie", and Western '
Railroad : have been granted * their '• 10?per>
cent increase. • This includes,*' helpers,'
blacksmiths . and bollermakers.--The office
force • has been granted a Saturday half
.California Tour.-: r • •
STOCKTON,' June 8.-The Congressional
Rivera and Harbors t Committee, which
will; inspect Calif ornia ; waterways during
this month,; has decided upon the follow
ing . 1 tinerary f or Northern California : V
1^? 1^^ June ".aBa-remaln
'ImJUJK' 0^ stocl J t o 11 ' by Southern Paciflc. ar
rivln?^ Sunday; afternoon, Juno 23 — - *
June 24, leave early In the m6rnln«'
by boat down the San Joaquln to Sacramento
River and up Sacramento River to Sacra
mento. - ¦ -.¦'. . ..¦..- - ».. ;
-morning, leave by boat for Marys-
U Wednesday, Inspect Feather 'River' and sites
for debris dams.,. Leave Wednesday at mid
night'^for - Portland,' Or. , i-i-; r 1
1 iThe - local > Chamber of Commerce com
mittee: will supply a boat. from Stockton
to * Sacramento .- and provision it- for ¦ the
day. j The invited guests -will bo Governor
Gage;,' Surveyor/ General .Gleaves. Califor
nia Senators and Congressmen and United
States army, engineers. • ¦; -•¦:."¦ - .
Programme of * the Rivers and Har
bors^ Committee's ; Northern
VISITING CONGRESSMEN •
ARRANGE THEIR ITINERARY
YQUN§ FRENCHWOMAN IS LOCKED FOR TWENIY^IVE ± ii y_
||^wi||ii'Rs|iN /^ '.'Mm and^/crazedM, raI^s And vermIn
After vtheVRescue^of Her Strangely Daughter Mme.. Monnier Succumbs to
; ;p{' ithe';;Enorrfiity : of Her Crime, Dying in Prison From Heart Disease. •
PARIS, "June •' 8.-^-The j sensation of the
week has been/the ; arrest of Mme. Mon
nier, airich, miserly landowner" of the
neighborhood of Poitiers, and her sbrii a
former 'sub-prefect of the- Department of
Vienna and a leader of Poitiers society,
on^ the charge of., incarcerating Mile.
Blanche Monnier, daughter of Mme. Mon
nier, ifor^ twenty-flve. years in a room of
Mme' Monnier's. house. . . ..
TRAIN-DISPATCHERS
ri • ' V- ; ! REACH LOS A2TG-ELE3
Seventy-Five Officials and Their Fam
ilies Begin Their Calif ornia
; -. . / ."-¦.- - ', ,. .Tour. ;'*-'¦¦ :.. :
LOS ANGELES. ,- June 8.— When, ihe
Santa Fa. overland; pulled Into the La'
Grande station this morning two sleeping
cars were -on . the - v train v in which were
about seventy-five dispatchers from East
ern roads, accompanied by their families.
These officials -.are on their way to San
Francisco, where the annual convention
of the Train Dispatchers' Association of
America •¦will convene on Tuesday. -.-- .
* After reaching here • the party was es
corted \ to the-,', Westminster, and at 10
o'clock It. was taken for a., trolley ride
around the : city. *, This afternoon the dis
patchers went to Santa^ Monica, and this
evening .the Chamber 1 of Commerce gave
them- a -public . reception, in- the assembly
rooms. . ' The; party ..will go north- to-mor
row;-j.. : i/, •:¦./¦". .-.'-: t ¦""•! j /e..-v. ¦• - : \
rire Destroys Spindle Mill.
; WORCESTER^ .Mass.. : June 8,— The
spindle mill owned and operated by\A. A.
Westcott &" Son at. Spindleville. was de
stroyed by fire to-day.. The loss is $50,000.
The mill is said to have been the largest
of its kind in theVworlcl.- -
' Kangaroo skins to the value of $267,
859 36 were imported from Australia imo
the -United States during the quarter end
ing September. 30, 1900. ' ; \
"Chicago May", Arrested in Paris.
PARIS, June S.— The police of this city
have arrested an American -woman named
May Churchill,.- a friend of "Tom" Ed
wards, one • of the burglars who robbed
the Paris office of the American Express
Company in April, the authorities hav
ing decided to charge her with complicity
in the robbery. She was formerly a
music hall performer.- and had made a
tour of the United States under the sobri
quet.of "Chicago May." .
Thirty-Eight Cities Containing More
Than One Hundred Thousand
People Each,
WASHINGTON, 'June 8.-The census
office to-day issued a bulletin giving the
population "of incorporated places in the
country. The bulletin shows that there
are 10,602 such places, as compared with
7578 in 1890. v
The bulletin shows thirty-eight cities
containing. more than 100,000 people each.
Of the large v C ] ties in 1900, three— New
York, Chicago. and Philadelphia— contain
more than a million inhabitants, the same
as in 1S90, while for cities having between
500,000 and 1,000,000 inhabitants those in
1900 number three, as against one only
in 1S90." There were no cities. in 1900 con
taining between 400,000 and 500,000 inhabit
ants, but at the census of 1890 there were
three cities of. this class. On the other
hand, there aro five cities in 1900 with a
population of between 300,000 and 400,000
but in 1890 there were no cities coming
between these '.limits of population.- Of
the total number of places in the list,
almost one-half, or 4318, ' contain • more •
than 500 people, while there are 2051 places
of between 500 and 1000. . Of the States,
Illinois leads with 930 incorporated towns
and Pennsylvania comes . next, with 833.
New York has 438 such places. There are
no incorporated municipalities in Alaska
The incorporated places contain in the
aggregate, 35,849,516 inhabitants, as-com
pared with a total of 26,079,828 persons
living in" incorporated; places in 1890..
The combined population in the incor
porated towns and cities constitutes 47
per cent of the population of the entire
country, as against 41- per cent in the
towns in 1890. In the State of New York
which takes the lead in this respect 77
per cent of^the people live in the cities
and towns, ap against 69 per cent in ISM
In- six T pther States., namely, Massachu
setts, Illinois, Rhode. Island. Pennsyl
vania, Colorado and Connecticut, more
than two-thirds of the people live In the
incorporated placea. Mississippi has the
smallest^ percentage ,of people - living in
towns, the percentage being 15. ,.
INCREASED POPULATION
IN" INCORPORATED PLACES
The police, who were anonymously no
tified of the woman's detention, entered
the house and found Mile. Monnier shut
up in a room in darkness, lying on a mat
tress, stark naked, and so emaciated that
she appeared to be a living skeleton. The
room was covered "with filth, bones, re
fuse, food, worms, rats and all kinds of
vermin.
The unfortunate woman, who had par
tially lost her reason, was taken to a hos
pital. It wa3 thought she would die but
she is now improving. Twenty-flve years
ago she was a beautiful brunette and fell
in love with a lawyer without means. Her
mother disapproved of their love and con
fined her in the room .which she has only 2
recently left. The son after hia arrest
pleaded that he acted as he did on ac-> 1
count of filial piety, and that the mother 4 .
was- responsible. The lawyer died in 1885. "
There was another dramatic develop
ment in the case to-day. Mm* Monnier
died in prison of heart disease. The erav
ity of her crime wa3 brought home to her
al 1 k Jud^ e ? examination Thursday.
She became ill and died suddenly In the
innrmary at the, prison this mornins.
Conroy sought admission to a lymph "in
stitute on March 8 and submitted to treat
ment with injections, of : lymph in his hip/
In four : weeks he | began rfj to £ distinguish
lights : and shadows. His recovery has
been rapid since then/and he can -now see
plainly for two or: three blocks. '. , -
. Conroy's case is vouched for by himself
and 'scores of his friends ¦who are talking
of the wonderful restoration of his > sight.
Hia left eye was destroyed by an accident
several years ago. "iSoon afterward he be
gan to have trouble with : his right • eye,
and despite the efforts of the best oculists
he lost his sight, the, optic, nerve having
atrophied. v . v ' /
CHICAGO, ' June '8.— Physicians here
are discussing ( the .. remarkable cure ; of
blindness/ which has been effected in a
patient .who has suffered more than two
years from ¦ optic atrophy, or wasting
away of the optic nerve, a disease which,
it la said; medical science has never be
fore overcome/ '¦':' i
The cure "is due to the reconstructive
power of the liquid extracted, from the
lymphatic glands of the common goat. The
case is that of J. J. Conroy of 201 South
Center street. Great interest; is lent toit
from the fact that the cure, was obtained
in connection with an entirely new meth
od .of using medicine, known as intra
splnal.treatment. .'_* < , ' .
Lost Sight 1 of a Chicago
Man Is Curiously
: Restored.,*
DISCOVER CURE
FOR BLINDNESS
National Parlor announced that it
having previous to the first meeting of
the joint committee made arrangements
to have an excursion and not being able
to set aside such arrangements, asked
permission to withdraw its represen
tatives. .
The committee on transportation report
ed that the railroad company had agreed
to give a. satisfactory rate to San Jose
from San Francisco, Oakland and Ala
meda if the celebration- should be held in
that city. It also offered a one and one
third rate from other points. ¦
By a unanimous vote of the represen
tatives from the parlors . It was decided
to celebrate, and then Homer Prlndle of
San Jose, on behalf of the parlors of that
city and the citizens, invited the Native
Sons to hold the celebration there. The
invitation was unanimously accepted. .
The grand officers - of the order were
added to the. committee. ' • :
The chairman was granted until the
next meeting to name the committees to
manage the celebration.
If was decided that parlors in San
Francisco, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
and Sausallto be .the only ones entitled, to
representation on - the general commit
tee. , . - .
The committee adjourned until the 21st
Inst. • - • v ,
The representatives from San Jose were
Homer Prindle and C. H.' Condon of San
Jose Parlor. C. C. Navlet and A. Menn of
Observatory Parlor and H. McComas of
Palo Alto Parlor.
James P. Dockery of California Parlor
was elected chairman of the committee;
Fisher of Presidio Parlor, vice chairman;
W. J. Wynn of Rincon" Parlor, secretary,
and H. R. Gundlach of Golden Parlor,
trustee, . .:.
Sons of this city and of Marin and Ala
meda counties of Admission day. There
were present representatives 'from the
twenty-three city parlors, from four" in
Alameda .'CoHinty an T d: " one in Marin
County.
THE joint ninth of September cele-'
bra-tion committee of the Native
Sons of the Golden West held a
meeting last night In Native
Sons' Hall to further j perfect
plans for the observance by the Native
JAMES P. DOCKERY. CHAIRMAN OF THE NATIVE SONS' COMMITTEE
THAT WILL ARRANGE FOR THE ADMISSION DAY CELEBRATION
IN SAN JOSE ON SEPTEMBER 9. . ,
Eussia Raise Duties.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 8-The Minis
ter of Finance has raised the duty on
American bicycles 30 per cent and on sev
eral American resins 20 per cent, the new
"sUrtay? 001116 effective^ fortnight ta
BERLIN'. June S.— An agitation is on
foot In the Relchland to exert strong
pressure to bear upon the Government to
Issue an amnesty decree for political and
military offenders of Alsace-Lorraine
fi 13 ?! 1^ 0 - T£ e Strassbunr-Berger Zeitun#
is leading the movement. The Govern
ment, It is said. Is not In favor of the step.
Amnesty Decree Is Urged.
NATIVE SONS WILL CELEBRATE
ADMISSION DAY IN GARDEN CITY
Delegates^ From San Jose Extend Invitation Which
Is Unanimously Accepted by the Parlors of
This City and of Alameda and Marin Counties
The duel to-day lasted only a few'sec
onds. M. Lab/erdesque, v/ho is a line
swordsman,"" yesterday confined himself to
! the defense, out this morning:, after half
a dozen passes, he lunged and- pricked
M. Regis in the right forearm. The lat
ter wished to continue the duel, but. the
seconds refused to let the fight continue.
A quarrel then broke out among • the
seconds and several spectators, who in
cluded the ¦well-known fencers, Malato,
Thomeguex, Suitsbaber and others. Sev
eral challenges were exchanged, . and
finally friends succeeded in leading away
M. Regis, who was furious over the sec
onds' decision. Before he left the ground
M. Regis shouted to M. Laberdesque:
,,"I fought you to show you I was not
afraid of your sword. You are, neverthe
less, an assassin." . ¦
M. Laberdesque promptly retorted, ask
ing the seconds to- arrange another duel.
Two other duels are also promised in
connection with the affair, one between
Malato and a journalist named Leroy, and
the other between Laberdesque's secre
tary, M. Brescher, and a journalist named
Guicher.
Regis. wanted to fight Laberdesque with
fists when .the duel .was stopped,' but the
seconds, intervened. Regis, in
to fig-htlng Laberdesque, has 'to fight a
duel with Gerault Rathard, a writer on
the Petit Renublique.
A Temps reporter, describing the final
scene, says it was lucky the duel did not
last another half hour, or half the spec
tators would have challenged the other
.half, and the duel would have degener
ated into a pitched battle.
M. Laberdesque Thrusts
His Sword Into M.
% *. _ r .-.. \ , . ..,.?.. r — ¦ ,
PARIS, June'* 8.— The duel ; with swords
which . was: begun -yesterday in . the .Pare
des Princes between Max- Regis, the anti-
Semite Mayor of. Algiers, and M. Laber
desqfte; an Algerian journalist, and which
was adjourned after nineteen' resultless
rounds had been, fought, was resumed this
morning. M. Regis was seriously "wound
ed in the forearm, a- copious flow of blood
resulting, -and the duel was thereupon
stopped. • ¦.•.-¦¦••""•."• '•. '."••'
BLOOD FLOWS
AND DUEL ENDS
This is. the view of South American dip
lomats who do not favor tho •'restriction'
,of arbitration to future questions, but
who wish the congress to indorse the prin
ciple of arbitration in the broadest Sense,
so as to mane it" applicable not, only "to
questions which may arise in the future
out to ponding questions also. ¦ -
oppos.tion to Unrestricted discus
sion of arbitration arises out of her deter
mination not to. permit the question of the
final. disposition; of the provinces of Tacna
ana Arica to be. made a subject of arbitra
tion in any .way, /.Peru 1b anXioUB to have
tn:s long standing 'difference with her
ne:ghbor settled, by arbitration. " , '
Costav -Rica and,' Ecuador are the only
nations which hnve thus far Bided with
Chile in favor ot tha restriction of arbl
j tration to future questions. Bolivia, Co
lombia,. Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and
bruguay, without taking sides with Peru
I .as to the merits of the Tacna and Arica
dispute, have indicated * their desire to
have- the subject of arbitration diB_Us«ed
on the broadest HneB. The other coun
tries invited to participate in the con
gress have not openly declared them
eelvea. ' ' . •
The controversy over the programme of
the congress has strained the relations of
Chile and Peru almost to a breukin'g
puint. The bit cr feeling between these
j countries, wf Sen originated more than
j twenty years, ago and which has been
kopt alive by the unsettled Tacna and
At ch. questions, -has been intensified by
their opposition in this issue.
Although the relations of the two coun
tries with each other are such as ¦ might
lead-to v/a'r, it is believed that conserva
tive co'.inseis.will prevail and that there
I v.-iil not be a resort to hostilities. The
I wprstithat may happen may be the entire
failure of the Pan-American Congress.
It is still hoped that some way may be
found out of the present difficulty, before
the time fixed for the meeting of the con
gress in October, though up to the pres
ent neither side has shown any indication
cf yielding. .. . ....-¦¦-. .
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET r J?.-
W., WASHINGTON,: Juhe,S.-"All ;• th-.it
Blaine did for Pan-Amerieart.hiiriaony has
been spoiled. by the diplomatic Snarl' that
has resulted; from the attitude assumed
by Chile, encouraged by the State Depart
ment, in regard to the" discussion • of "-arbi
tration . ; 'm'-- the, proposed Pan-American
Congress to be held in the City: of MexN
co." ;-,¦:¦¦.. ¦ :.-, ,< . ¦ ', ¦-<•.,.: :•-. ~
Special Dispatch to The v Call.
Majority of Republios Desire
Indorsement of fAr--;
bitration.
A Diplomatic Quarrel
Spoils Pan-American •
» -Unification.
CHILE DISTURBS
ALL HARMONY
Director Roberts Tells
About Coinage Diffi
culties.
ARMY DESIRES
A MANILA MINT
DENVER, June, 8.— The Denver Times
to-day - published an interview with
George E. Roberts, Director of the Mint,
regarding the proposition for the estab
lishment of a mint at Manila. He said:
I have heard nothing about the matter since
the adjournment of Congress, but I know that
It is recoil-ins the attention of the War .'De
partment, which is obtaining all the informa
tion possible on the subject. Army officers
seem to favor the establishment of a mint at
Manila, and an effort to substitute American
coinage for the Mexican now in general use.
There is considerable opposition to this propo
sition, however, as it ie certain that to at
tempt to push the American dollar and re
deem It Iti gold would precipitate commercial
dleturbancee that might result in disaster.
Secretary Gage Is opposed to it. and 1 am in
clined to think that this plan will not be
adopted. c . • : •
Two plane have been proposed. The first of
these Is to establish a free Mint at Manila for
the making of a Philippine dollar inter
changeable with the Mexican dollar and re
deemable at a fixed price in gold. Under this
plan producers of silver would sell their pro
duct to establishments having trade • relations
with the East, which would have it coined at
the Manila Mint and put In circulation. This
Is the plan adopted by the British Government,
¦which coins an Indian dollar. which is clrcur
leted from the Straits Settlements and has so
far been successful in • competing with the
Mexican dollar and the rupee.
The eecond plan is to coin a "token dollar"
about the eize of the Mexican dollar with
enough lees sliver to prevent It from going
to the melting pot or out of the country, inter
changeable with the Mexican dollar and re
deemable in gold equally with Mexican coin.
This Is the plan that at the present time is
naort In favor among: those who have made a
special, vtudy. of the situation. Secretary Gage
favors the "token dollar."
An important consideration in the situation
Is that eventually the silver market will be
removed from London to this country. Lon
<Jon has the fixing- of the price to-day because
England lias control of the trade to, the
Orient and naturally supplies the greater por
tion of the circulating medium. But the trade
with this country is increasing with ereat
rapidity and the time will certainly come
when a large proportion, if not the greater
portion of the silver shipments of the world,
will be made from San Francisco. All indi
cations point in this direction. It is morally
certain that a. large and increasing proportion
of the trade with the Orient will come to this
country through our 'possession of the Phil
ippine Islands and when that time comes it
Is equally certain that the United States will
at least divide the -honors with Great Britain-
In the event of adoption of a token system
of coinage the Government would neeessartly
beeome «. purchaser of stiver bars and fhis
Jact would have the event of still further in
creasing the demand for silv-er of our own
production and of bringing the market to this
country, as there would be no limitation to
the coinage.
Secretary of Treasury Favors
Adoption of "Token .
.Dollar."
THE SAN FRAN CISCO3 G ALL, SUNDAY^; JUNE 9, 1901 . :
14
We have removed our offices, . and opened uo
wholesale piano warerooms at 933 Market Street,
opposite Mason Street. We have' leased the' entire
seven-story building at 931-933 Market Street for a
term of 10 years, from January 1/: 1902.* On < that
date we will open the largest retail piano store in the
city. Until then we will occupy as a wareroom'the
sixth floor and will give any purchaser a price much
below the retail figure.
.We -handle the Steck, Everett, Conover, 1 Ludwig
Haxdman, Packard, Harrington, Jewett, Kings-
b *«T, and other fine pianos. We.control the sale of
these pianos on the whole Pacific Coast. You are in-
vited to call on us' if you are thinking of purchasing
a piano. It will; pay you. .., ,* ¦.'.'
THE AVILEY-B; ALLEN CO..
933 '^Market : Street, San Francisco./*
Branch stores at Oakland, Sacramento and Stockton."
Anno u ncemen t.
1 Hood'* Sarsaparilla ¦ contains , the best , and
safest substances for ¦ invljforatins and .ton-
ing the kidneys. •»' It was taken > by , Mrs. V/
Kefr of Indiana, ' Pa... who . writes: • "I ihad
kidney trouble and took medicine for. it with,
out benefit until ; I began ; taklng Hood's Sarsa-
parilla. ; The : swelling In ,' my \ feet 1 and „ limbs
theR- began to go - down ' and 'I am <¦ now able
to' work. I ;belleve Hood's -Sarsaparilla 4 saved
my life."- . ; . . ¦ _ '
Ho^^i^arscLpqrilla
Promises '; to;, cure and -keeps* the
promise. \ : Don't experiment:with
substitutes * for /Hood's — -; get
TTnofl'^ ' l '' x ¦''»"*' -'''¦'''-'¦ '¦ ¦ '' ~
If your kidneys are out of or-
der you don't feel like going- to
work when you get up in the
morning./ :: ; V
<Your . back is lame and sere,
and aches; and your sleep has not
been refreshing. t
I ' Failure^pf the kidneys properly
to "perform their functions often
makes a failure of life itself— it;
weakens all the energies.. ;/ : ' f
The IQidneys
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will 'write the -State .Medical Institute.
They' cured so many men who had ¦: bat-"
tied 4 for years against : the mental r and
physical sulf ering of • lost manhood ¦ that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial ¦ packages to all who write. ; It is a
home treatment, and ¦ all : men . who suffer
¦from any. form of sexual weakness result-
ing < from youthful : folly, premature , loss
of strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele - or. emaciation . of . parts ; can - now
cure themselves at home, v "-.¦*•»» • ¦¦ "- * ¦ C
. The . remedy has .. a ; peculiarly grateful
effect of. warmth and seems to. act direct
to? the * desired ': location, ;•; giving strength
.and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and ' has j been \ an absolute success In
all : capes/.;' A' request to the ' State Medical
Institute. '328: Elektron . building. Fort
"Wayne; 1 Ind., > stating that • you • desire ; one
of their free I trial • packages, ; will be com-
plied - with ' promptly.? .The -.Institute is de-*
sirous of reaching, that great class of mem
wbo are unable. to leave home to be treat-
ed, and - the ¦ free ; sample will ¦ enable : them
to see; how, easy it >is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness - when the -proper . remedies
are : employed. '; The Institute makes no
restrictions.^ Any man who writes will be
sen t . a'- f ree ', sample, carefully ; sealed in a
plain ; package, so I that - its ¦, recipient ; need
have :. no • fear, of ¦ embarrassment or : pub-
licity, -y Readers are; requested to write
without delay.. >
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Paeka*r9 Sent by Mail
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
' ¦•¦¦^ -.•;•; 7. to Men. ¦'.'¦'. v ,
SENT FREE TO MEN!
ADVERTISEISENTS.
A" RARE- EVENT....
A SPECIAL SALE
at SLOANE'S
At the ¦wind -up of the spring season vre are offer-
ing some very remarkable values in CURTAIN'S AMD
TJPSOIiSTEEY GOODS.
Herewith a partial comparison of our regular and '
the reduced prices. But of course there can be no sub-
[ stitute for seeing the goods.
COMBENCINfi TO-MORROW,
And AH Week, if the Supply Lasts.
HAND-MADE rEENCH BATTEDTBEBG CURTAINS.
Regular prices $7.50 $8.00 $10.00
Sale prices 5.50 6.80 8.00
'; IBISH POINT LACE CURTAINE. .
Regular prices $5.25 $5.50 $6.OO"- : -¦; -
Sale prices. .......4.15 4;25 4.60 "'"."•
. TAPESTRY PORTIERES (odd pairs). . . - .
Refirular prices $5.00 $6.00
Sale prices 3.50 4.00
¦ SILK TAPESTRY CURTAINS.
Regular prices.$i2.oo $15.00 • $16.00 ' $17.50 •
Sale prices O.OO 12.OO 12.50 14.00
Similar offerings in Tapestry Furniture Coverings, Silk
Damasks. Sofa Pillows. REMNANTS of ' Silk Damask. ~
Tapestry and Velour for covering odd chairs, etc.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
114-122 Post St.
Systemic Catarrh.
Hon. Judson W. Lyons, Register of the
United States Treasury, writes as fol-
lows: - 1
"1 find Peruna to be an excellent rem-
edy for the catarrhal afflictions of .Spring
and Summer and those who suffer from
the depression of the heat of the summer
will find no remedy the equal of Peruna."
—Judson AV% Lvons.
Pelvic Catarrh.
M??s F-Uzabeth L. Williams writes from
Goliad, Tex.: /
'•I hive taken several bottles of Peruna
end now I am entre/y we/I. Peruna has
no! on.'y cured, me of catcrrh, but a/so of
femile complaints, of wh ch I suffered a
great deaf. I shall always' keep Peruna,
and I do highly recommend it j to e very one
in ihe land, especially to young girls and
wemsn.
"I feel that- 1 owe. a world of gratitude
to Dr. Hartman and Peruna." — Miss E.
L. Williams. , . .
\V. H. Shields, Editor and \ Publisher of
The -Douglas County Democrat of Ava,
Mo., wrote the following editorial in his
paper of January 24, 1901:
-ADVERTISEMENTS. '*
¦'¦¦-'¦ ;'£ i? . ' '¦¦'"'¦ ¦',.,¦'¦:¦ '¦; ,'¦¦'.-. ¦'- - ¦¦¦ «•', '¦-»: '¦• ¦•* ¦ ' ;¦ ¦¦ ' • - - • ¦ '. •• '¦>• ,:•¦-¦*-¦¦¦. ¦ . j, ¦
"I tried the medicines of all schools,
but none could cure my case. My neigh-
bor received wonderful benefits In a sim-
ilar case, and advised me to try Peruna.
I at once bought a bottle and experienced
relief within a week. 1 took it nearly
three months before I was cured, but I
am now regaining flesh and feeling bet-
ter than I have been for the past fifteen
years." — Laura J. Smith.
If. you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory 'results from the use of Peruna
write at'once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
vice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
"I have had trouble with my bladder,
kidneys and other pelvic organs for over
ten years, and it caused me serious In-
convenience and pain.
Mrs. Laura J. Smith. National Organ-
izer Anti-Treat Society, •writes from 1217
W. 33d street. Minneapolis, Minn.: . \
Tried Medicines of All Schools. \
tent, and can conscientiously say that I
know of no remedy for all blood ailments
so good. It is especially valuable to
women."
"I would. add my. testimony to the mass
accumulated in favor of Peruna. I use it
in my family and practice to a large ex-
D. Russell Hayes, M. D., Physician and
Surgeon of New London, Conn., writes:
A Physician's Lstter.
In a letter dated February 11th, he
says: "Since writing that editorial sev-
eral persons have called at my office to
learn whether it was really a fact or only
an advertisement. I have assured them
that it was written entirely without the
knowledge of the manufacturers, with-
out promise of favor or fear of contra-
diction. My case has been the cause of
your selling many bottles of Peruna. both
her* and at Drury, where I formerly
lived."— W. H. Shields.
. ¦ "We count it simply an act of justice to
say that after trying several doctors and
proprietary medicines we were induced
to try S. B. Hartman's Peruna as put up
by The Peruna Medicine Co.. of Colum-
bus, O. This remedy I believe saved my
life and effected a permanent cure. I will
not say it is, the best medicine on earth,
but I will say it is Ihe best medicine I
ever used."-AV. H. Shields.
"Many people of Douglas County know
how long and seriously ill the editor of
this paper was with systemic catarrh..
ADVE2TISE2EENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTa
SPECIALIST
Heart and Kidney.
Successfully treats and cures all dis-
eases of the genito-urinary organs.
All diseases of the vagina, uterus
and ovaries. Sterility cured. Valuable
information freely given to married
women.
All men suffering in any way from
diseases,' recent or of lonsr standing;
inflammations of the bladder, oros- -V
tate gland or kidney. .•
All unfortunate conditions of chil-
dren and" old people resulting in
urinary difficulties.
FREE! FREE! FREE!
All who call upon or address Dr.
Nast before 'July 1 will be treated
, free • until cured and charged only a
i small fee to cover the actual cost of
1 the medicines used.
Consultation Tree To AIL •
DR. NAST,
1504 Market St , . ; ( f ;
»• .Corner City-Hall Square.
Office hours, a a. m. . to 8 p. m.
Sundays 11 a. m. to 2 p. m."
RadwaVs
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfe;f digestion, complete absorption and
healthful rrrnTnrltv fin'jn r *<tiwpf* tiw»Jti"i"fiwHi
' -For the cure of alt disorders of tha Stomach
Liver. ¦ Bowels,- , Kidneys, . Bladder, Female Jrl '""¦
regularities. Sick , Headache. BUlousnej*, Con-
Btlpation, Piles and . all derangements of tha
Internal .Viscera.' -25c a box. .- At Drusdata or % .i
t by.nfaiL -~- . RAT>WAT & CO.. New Tork. " '/Dairy. >t or Corona.
r CORONA, / June, : 8.— Daniel Durkee, - a
capitalist , of _this -county, has : purchased
the Payne,- Hath'away' and- Cavanaugh
ranches | near Rincon. ' It is .Mr.- Durkee'a
intention to combine these valuable prop
erties and establish the largest and most
up-to-date : dairy 1 farm : in • Southern", Call-"
jornlav -. ;-: .j. ¦ •¦¦-\. . :.-.'. '-•*.;.- ¦*¦>¦-
PHOENIX, Arlss., June 8.— News was re
ceived here to-daty , of >.the : killing ' of An
tonio Teareal at Metcalf by- officers while
he ; was ¦ resisting i arrest. | Constable Burk
ner and another officer attempted to take
Teareal into custody, when he opened fire.
In the exchange of a dozen shots he was
mortally wounded. .-"'•«"; ¦¦ *
Killed by Arresting- Officers.
EliKS TO VIEW GREAT •"•"' <
V .. GATHERING OF INDIANS
Lodgemen Plan Remarkable : Feature
• ¦ for Their August Carnival in
Tacoma.
:. TACOMA; June 8.— The largest and most
representative gathering of Indians ever
held in the Northwest will be a feature
of, the Elks' carnival to be held here in
August. Representatives from thirty In
dian ".tribes scattered over the' territory
between Alaska and California and weft
of the Dakotas are to be here. Practically
all of the famous Indian chiefs who par
ticipated in the bloody fights of the ear
lier days will attend and they are to bring
their famous warriors. Efforts afe'now
being made to engage the Indians i who
aro rendering the Passion Play in British
Columbia. .
An Indian vilkrge will be constructed
and Inhabited by 6000 of the red s men.
Buildings for the ; ghost, sun and" other
dances are being-built or will be trans
ported in pieces from their old sites. The
Indians will be given a' big-potlach dur
ing the carnival. ,
Repairs for the Rosecrans.
TACOMA, June 8.— The tug Fearless will
leave to-morrow with the transport Rose
crans in tow for the Puget ' Sound naval
station at Port Orchard. The Government
will begin on Monday completing the re
pairs to her. It is reported that the boiler
makers at the navabstation will refuse'to
work on the Rosecrans. The employes at
the naval station are union men, but have
no grievance as to hours or wages.
Members of a church in Buffalo will take
roomers and boarders during ihe Pan-
American Exposition and apply Dart of
the proceeds to clearing up the church
debt.
It is fortunate for the average philan
thropist that no one questions his motive.
"WASHINGTON. June S.— The State De
partment Is in receipt of information con
cerning work on the British Pacific tele
graph cable which is to connect the Do
minion of Canada with the Australian
confederation. The new cable is to be
SS34Vz miles in length — the longest ever
constructed— and will be transported and
laid by one ship, which is now being built
for that purpose. Consul Abraham Smith,
at Victoria, B. C, informs the State De
partment that a. surve\-ing partv ljas lo
oated the landing site of the Canadian
end of the cable at a point on Kelp Bay.
near Banfieia Creek. It is about seven
miles from the entrance to Barclay Sound
ajid something over 100 miles from Vic
toria. The location is described as being
admirably adapted for the purpose.
The cable will run from Vancouver
Island to Fanning Island, which lies south
of Hawaii— a distance of 3337 miles—be
fore a landing is effected. Thence it is
laid to the Fijis, to Norfolk Island, and
thence to Queensland.
Work en the cable proper already has
been commenced in England and the first
installment, which will be the cable for
the route from Fanning Island on to
Australia, is expected to leave England
jn January. 1902. By the terms of the con
tract the whole cable is to be laid and in
working order by January 1. 1903. It will
cost $10,000,000.
bbitish: pacific cable
TO COST TEN MILLIONS
First Lieutenant Ralph P. Brower has
been detailed as recorder on the examin
ing board at the Presidio of San Fran
cisco, vice Second Lieutenant Harry L.
James, relieved.
Original widows— Martha A. Thierman,
Pomona. $8; Amelia L'liie, Dunigan, $8;
Dorinda C. Thompson, Lakeport. $8.
War with Spain — Original— August
Dre&el. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles.
Washington — Increase — Frederick
Kirsch, JLebam, $g.
WASHINGTON, June 8.— The Postoffice
Department to-day issued the following:
Postoffice established—California—Rubi
con. El Dorado County, Amos L. Frost,
postmaster. Postmaster commissioned —
California— Mary C. Dempsey, Budd.
These pensions were issuad to-day: Cali
fornia—Original—Joseph A. Saliceti, May
field. $6; Charles L. Burdick. San Jose, J6:
James M. Lillie, dead, Dunigan. $12;
James D. Thompson, dead. Lakeport. $12;
Francis Dignan, Veterans' Home, Napa,
$8. Additional— Francis D. • Jellison, Sol
diers' Home. Los Angeles. $12. Increase —
Jeremiah Driscoll. Vallejo, $12; John
Clears*. San Francisco, $12; Adam Mot
singer. Portersville, $10.
Changes Hade in Postoffice Depart
ment and More Pensions' Issued. *
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
• NEW YORK, June 8.— Senator, Clark cf
.Montana .was at his desk to-day for, the
first time in over, two months. , While he
was In Europe the Harriman-Gould syndi
cate stole a march on him in 'connection
with, the railroad' fight on the Pacific
Coast. Clark had organised a company
to build a line from Los Angeles to Salt
Lake City. The road already is in opera
tion from the harbor of San Pedro to Los
Angeles and Pasadena and , besides has
seventy-one miles graded beyond the pres
ent terminus. _ .-;•¦ ¦¦ ¦. i .
Graders were put to work on the north
ern'end and' were- making splendid prog
ress when the •', Harriman-Gould, people
started a rival gang of men at work and
began paralleling the Clark route. -There
were free fights between the graders.rep
resenting the two sides, and then the law
was appealed to. The ' Secretary of the
Interior decided .against Clark. ;
""A few miles of grading does not make
any difference to - us one way or the oth
er," said the Senator, "and can in no way
affect a great public enterprise like the
building* of 'the San -Pedro, Los Angeles
and Salt -Lake 4 Railroad. *Thls \interfer
ence with .us. by 'the Oregon-Short Line Is
only an Incident. .We will go right along
building the road Just \ the same as'^ if
nothing had • happened to . interfere I with
our plans. We expect .opposition from
time to time from the rival road. ' Yes,"
concluded the Senator, "you, can say for
me most emphatically that ¦my road will
be built."; :-:»¦"• ."-.'j f
• ¦ — i ? ¦_ — - ¦ . ¦, \.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Senator Declares Petty
Quarrels Cannot %
Stop Him.
CLARK'S ROAD
WILL BE BUILT
LOS ANGELES, June 8.— Los Angeles
has just 500 school children between the
ages of 6 and 17 'years less than was re
ported "when the I census was completed
and submitted to the County Superinten
dent. As> is customary, the census was
given to the City Board , of Education,
which, after inspecting it, sent the report
to County Superintendent of Schools J.
H. Strine. Upon this report. is. based the
apportionment' for the State' . funds for
city schools. After a careful examina
tion Mr. Strine rejected the report on the
ground that children had been counted
under 5 and over 17 years of. age.
This is a material saving to the State,
as those illegally counted would • have
been entitled to draw State money at the
rate of ?500 for every seventy children.
Some of the first enumerators declare
that they received : Instructions to count
all children in a family, • without . regard
to the age limit. Others are equally posi
tive that their instructions were not to
count those who were not beween 5 and
12 years of age. - " ¦
Word was sent to the City and County
Superintendent, who informed Census
Marshal 'L-udlbw that that sort of work
must be stopped, and he promised to in
struct his men to that effect immediately.
But, in spite of this, the illegal and incor
rect work continued, although . it was a
aart of the work of the marshal to swear
in the men to take the census correctly,
according to instructions.
The question is, What were the instruc
tions the men received? Who is. respon
sible for the effort to get several hundred
dollars from the State, money which
should go to the. county districts?
When asked who was guilty of the' at
tempted steal, Mr. Strine said:
"My part, is simply to see that we get
a correct report. It is not my work to
place* the, responsibility, but I do know
that the work has been very improperly
done."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Seeming Attempt in Los
Angeles to Defraud
the State. >j
Church parish, about threemiles out from
town, win soon have plans drawn for a
house of worship to cost $20,000.
PADDED SCHOOL
CENSUS RETURNS
WATSONVILLE'S NEW CATHOLIC
CHURCH AS IT. WILL APPEAR
WHEN COMPLETED.
WATSONVILL.E, June 8.—Bish
op George Montgomery, dur
ing his visit in .TVatsonville,:
has approved the plans for
the new Catholic church to be
erected at the head of Main street and op
posite Moreland Notre Dame Academy.
The handsome new edifice will be erected
on the site of the old church, which will
be moved to the rear of the lot and prob
ably ¦will be used as a boys' school.
Father Hassett and the members of his
parish expect to have when it is com
pleted the most modern and costly church
between San Francisco and Los Angeles.
W. H. ."Weeks of this city *is the architect,
and he estimates that the cost of the new
church, exclusive of furnishings, will be
between $35,000 and $40,000. ' When fur
nished its cost will reach $45,000.
The dimensions of the building, exclu
sive of transepts, will be 65x135 feet; the
height of the steeple 155 feet. The walls
will be of granite and pressed brick, and
the roof of slate. The seating capacity
will be 700. The English gothic style of
architecture is to predominate.
In addition to the erection of this beau
tiful Catholic church in Watsonville
Father Flacldus of the - Pajaro Valley
ALTURAS.'June 8.— The Grand Jury, in
vestigation into the lynching of aged Cal
vin Hall, his- three. sons and Daniel Yantis
is proceeding slowly, and thus far it has
been entirely unproductive of material re
sults. Witnesses continue to"; arrive. : From
the Lookout country so many 1 linen' have
been summoned that fears are expressed
for the safety of the women and children.
The. Indians are very . hostile over the
hanging of Martin Hall, who- wag a 1 full
blood Indian, there is danger of their
committing some depredation. ¦ . .
- A.Traugh, who clerks in the store of
George H. Knight' at Adin.v was. on- the
stand to-day before the Grand Jury and
testified regarding to whom he- had sold
rope during the past month. He said that
he had sold rope to a great number in
that vicinity during the past month, ' so
nothing, was gained from his testimony.
George Walker, a brother of H. S.
Walker, who was • killed at • Adln a short
time ago. is a clerk In the : Copp - store at
Adin, and "his testimony also pertained to (
the selling of rope, but was unproductive'
ofany clew. . .< ... .^ - - ..
Those witnesses who have testified have
been excused from the -county seat.: sub
ject to call. If, all the witnesses present
be examined it -willttake six weeks to
complete the investigation.
The Grand Jury has heard the testimony
of the four guards — Constable- Ervin Car
penter, James Brown, Sidney Goyette and
Richard Nichols— who -had charge of the
Halls and YantJs: The accounts given by
these officers at' the Coroner's inquest
have not heretofore ••' been ¦< made public.
That of Deputy Constable Goyette was
as follows: '. • . - - . .
I had just got out of bed to take. my. shift as
.guard and had only been sitting: there about
fifteen minutes when, without a word; or any
noise, the door flew open and a crowd of masked
men entered, with rifles and pistols drawn, and
ordered Jim Brown, ' the other guard, and my
self to throw up our hands, which we did. The
prisoners were all aeleeo and there was very
little, if any noise, made. I started once to
look at the proceedings, when one of the mob
placed his rifle in my face and motioned me
away, and the other guard was hot allowed to
witness what was going on either. The only
noise we heard was the cry, "Oh! Oh!" from
one of the prisoners, which awakened the occu
pants, of the house and most of them came, down
to theVroom, and .there was then a little com
motion. . .. . *> -.-
Mr. Myers, the proprietor of the house, who
is also a Justice of the Peace, said, "Get out
of here, you — : — — ' ; , -or I will shoot- you!
You are scaring my family to death!" " Mr.
Myers looked for his gun, but it was not where
it had been left.
We could not see whether the prisoners were
gagged or led out of the house with . the- ropes
around their necks or not, as we- were not al
lowed to get close enough to see. The prisoners
were led down to the bridge as if being led by
the arms, with a man on each side. Two men
were left to take care of we two guards and we
went, along for some distance In this manner,
when the men with - us suddenly left us and
went on up in front with the rest of the mob.
whereupon Brown and myself ran back to
Lookout. We did rot witness the hanging. We
did not see the mob return and get Calvin Hall,
which they afterward did." They did not take
him the first time, as he was asleep in an ad-
Joining room.
Ths testimony of the other guards was
practically the same as that of Goyette.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Renewed Fears That Indians
May Seek to Avenge
'1 the Halls.
Lynching Investigation
' t _ /Yet Unproductive
' of Clews.: /
LOOKOUT MEN
SHY ON FACTS
The men took the direction of Phoenix,
but although parties of armed men left
both that town and Eholt during the day
in search of them they have apparently
succeeded in getting away.
The train came to a dead stop just as
one of the men sprang into the cab and
covered both engineer and fireman with
revolvers. The other men started back
along the train, but as it was at the edge
of a gulch their progress was slow.
The train crev^took the alarm and made
a run to head off the robbers. The latter
could not move along rapidly and keep
their men covered at the same time, so
they backed to the front of the engine
and made a dash for the bushes. Con
ductor Halfpenny fired several shots in
their direction, but none took effect.
Engineer Lafayette says that he first
noticed the three men standing near the
track and signaling him to stop. In the
mountain country this is a common oc
currence and the accommodation trains,
if they are not running too fast, will stop
at any place* There was nothing sus
picious about the men as they waved a
lantern, but the engineer was too far
away to see their faces. '
VANCOUVER, B. C. June S.— Three
robbers held up a mixeil freight antl pas
senger train just before daylight this
morning half way betweet the towns of
Kliolt and Trail. Both are in the'Koote
ray. the latter being a smelter town, and
it was from there that the train load of
ore and bullion was going down the
mountain. . The- bullion was shipped by
the Bank of Commerce, and it was this
that probably attracted the robbers.
?l>ecial Dispatch to The Call
Conductor and Crew Put Up
a Bold Front and Drive"
Them Away.
vSmeltersl
Attempt to Steal Bullion
From the Koolenay^
/. n 1, -\ * :,
THREE ROBBERS
STOP A TRAIN
BAKERSFIELD, June 8.— E. J. Bou?t of
the Producers' Guarantee Oil Company
and John T. W'ooten of Selma, who has in
terests at Midway, have been ambled in
connection with the. Midway shooting on
April 13 last. Dr. A. F. Schaefer. County
Physician, charged with complicity in the
midnight assault on G. P. Cornell and J.
r. ualker. surrendered himself to-duv
and was released on $2000 bail. LSesiaeV.
Schaefer. Boust, Wooten and Donelly, tne
latter of whom was arrested vesterday.
the warrant includes the following: J. A.
Cnanslor and J. \\\ Jameson ot" Los Ange
les. H. P. Anderson, William Hendry.
Charles Hall, H. C. Fertig. John M. Don
ley. Sam J. Dunlap, Charles Todd, George
L. Berger. O. A. Keal, F.'E. Manuel, Fred
Price, John Doe Jackson and eight mem
bers of the Doe family.
Although George Walker was seriously
¦wounded on the night of the battle, the
complaint merely refers to the injury to
Cornell, as the investigation has proceeded
and was carried through at the instigation
or Cornell Sr.. who is reputed to be one of
¦wealthiest mining- men of Plumas County.
The arrested men have been released on
bonds in the sum of 52000 each.
In all probability the criminal proceed
ings will be under, the laws governing con
spiracy. It Is generally believed that the
prosecution will not attempt to hold the
men individually responsible for the shoot
ing, but that they will be charged collect
ively with a conspiracy, which is said to
nave led up to the serious trouble and
almost cost two men their lives. Further
arrests of prominent business and profes
sional men are expected to-morrow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Charge of Conspiracy Will
Be Preferred Against the
Suspects.
Four Kern County Oil
, Men Are Now Under
Arrest.
DRAGNET SNARES
THE VIGILANTES
SPLENDID HOUSE OF WORSHIP
FOR WATSONVILLE CATHOLICS
Bishop George Montgomery Approves-the Plans
for a Church Edifice That Will Be Modern in
Equipment and Handsome in Its Design
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 9, 1901.
15
BOILS WATER IN 30 SECONDS.
Gives hot bath in ten minutes, at a C03t of
2# cents.
You light your flame, and by the time you
are disrobed your J>ath is ready.
- Saves fire In range: '- • . . ;' '
Sold on installments. , » ¦
Send for illustrated pamphlet. Call ana see
it in- operation, s .i ¦. . ¦*,. .¦•
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
* ¦ -appliances.' Drugs
do not cure. Electricity is the remedy!
Buy no Belt until you see "Dr. Pierce' s,V
for it la the BEST and the lowest In . price.
ICTCall at office or send a 2-cent stamp
for new "Booklet No. 2." "Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO..20C Post st.; San Fran-
cisco. ¦: .-.New York of flee— 1143 Broadway. "
TRIC BELT" and
can obtain renewed
strength and vigor
by, the use. of "Dr.
Pierce' s (latest im-
proved) * E L E CI-
MEN and
WOMEN
WEAK
y ¦ NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. iNVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. j » .
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and. Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the 'Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.. '
DR. HALL'S RHNVIGORATORgjgiS
Five hundred reward for any ui^UMl
case we cannot cure. This secret
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours, c H^^-". 1 i^i|
cures Emissions. Impotency, Vari- | n^M
cocele, ¦ Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, fTivi STOll
Strictures. Lost Manhood end all UUtf L^jJ
wasting effects of self-abuse or RShL-BOB
excesses. Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 ttam^B^BOX
bottles, . |S, guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE,* 835
Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073V4
Market St., S/ F. * AH private diseases quickly
cured, .'r Send 'for free book. ." - . . ¦ ¦¦>.'?". *
OCEAN TRAVEL.
) From New .York Every "Wednesday., 12 noon. ;
Southwark /."..'.".June 19 *Zeeiand F,~.'. ~^..~. July 10
•Vaderland. .'.~.:V. June 26 Friesland ;.::..;..July 17
Kensington ".....July* 3 Pennland V... July 24
:».*Stop at Cherbourei ; east bound. •. ¦ •' ': >-. ; ¦
" INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION 4CO.,--^ "••
("IBhF'---: CHAS. D.. TAYLOR. ,
General Agent Pacific Coast, SO Montgomery «t.
REDjSTAR LINE. .
New ".York and i Antwern,
:'¦'• - Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. •,.
;From New York Everyi "Wednesday, 10 a. m. .
St.' Paul.... '...-. June 19 St. Liouis....:....Juiy 17
St. ' Louis. . ..... -June 26 St. Paul . . . /: .August 7
St. ' Paul....... "T.. July 10 St. Louis..7..August 14
AMERICAN LINE;-
HKW T0HK. BOUTnAMFTOH.-; LONDON. PARTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ON FiRE.
An exploding, lamp; the clothing, in
a blaze ; a • paragraph in the "paper tell-
ing of : horrible suffering from burns.
Tragedy in ithis form moves a man to
tears. Bift for > gk
women who are_^ .^SMBb
of disease there is S&&tnt^)SJ*k
most shattered by )
suffering, these i WJBBBB»ti iV
are only part of /jvVnwnftn M n
the daily agonies {//MNNlWjfflB/jJ
•^T^Pierce's Fa- A
vorite Prescription «t VJ%1 jli 111 *}*
puts out the ; fire ¦ I%£fc^l.vl ¦ W '
of inflammation, ctK ft4&J- Jutm
heals ulceration, JO^
and '. cures female . z< _^^swGo
weakness. Ittran- 0 ; r '"^i?"';;
.quilizes the nerves, restorea the appetite,
and gives refreshing , sleep. - w Favorite
Prescription" is the most reliable put-up .
medicine offered -as a cure for diseases
peculiar * to women. ] '.It always helps.
It almost • always cures. ?¥}i * :; .= , ¦:' •
- «When,I first commenced using Dr. Pierce's-
medicines," . -writes Mrs. George . A. Strong, of
Gansevoort, Saratoga Co., N. Y.,;«I was suffer-.
ing from female weakness, a disagreeable drain,
bearing-down pains, weak and tired feeling all
the time. 1 1 dragged around in that way for two
years, and I began talcing your medicine, i After
! taking first bottle I began to feel better. I took
four bottles of Dr. Pierce's" Favorite Prescrip-
-. tion, two of ¦ ' Golden Medical Discovery,' one .
" vial of the J Pleasant Pellets,' also . used , one
I bottle ' of Dr.' Sage's Catarrh Remedy. i» Now , I
, feel, like a ; new person. .- 1 : caa't thank : you
enough for your kind advice and the good your
medicine has done me." ; • , . _ - •¦ v
¦ Dr./Pierce's Common Sense i Medical
'¦ Adviser, paper bound, ; is -sent^/hrf ion 1
.of '; 21 one-cent !. stamps ; to \ pay,
, expense \ of mailing • only. • Address Dr."
Buffalo, N. Y. = /j ; '>..;- . '¦
*¦*'.¦' ¦•.'¦ -¦ '•-•." .¦ ' "¦-" ¦• '.- ¦-' --¦ ¦ '-' ' ¦
THeir Sting Sets the Skin on Fire and Fills -Mi HI
the Veirrs witH a, Violent, Lingering Poison '^11% tl^§^J
These plants seem to partake of the nature and character of the I^tt .l : yl^fe
serpent; in winter time being- comparatively harmless, but when warmed
into life by spring and summer heat they become extremely venomous
and spiteful, emitting a milky juice that burns and blisters like a fiery
acid, producing quick inflammation and painful swelling. Some persons W^^IWilSs
are so susceptible to these vegetable poisons that coming in their vicinity MmwW^M
will produce almost as much discomfort and pain as handling them; '&%MnW^^^S»
their thin and sensitive skins seem to absorb from the surrounding
atmosphere the acrid juices emanating from these plants. There is
seldom a picnic or family gathering in the woods but that some mem- W^0$M?zW*^
ber of the party comes in contact with Poison Ivy, Oak or some other 0
hurtful plant or weed, and through the open pores the poison is carried
to the overheated blood. Poison Ivy is found clinging to tree trunks, *
blood saturated with POISON OAK. ? ences or ™Y\ sometimes reach-
Sir. John Friel, of Bear Station, Del., ™Z g«»t Heights; the kaveS are v^/M^liWIfl
writes: "i was poisoned with poison oak nearly square m shape, smooth m^^mk Wl^mM^l \m
which went through my blood, and my - "(_• i , r. - i
condition became bo serious that the and shiny and three on each, stem:
doctors all Eaid I could not setwelL I fc v fl Qwer - are o f a crreenish white V^^^OTt^vlTll^
remained in a precarious condition, con- LJle UOWerb arc OI a. gTCCIllbll WHltc »>{OSk\. • y MpTfJi^W^n 1 1
iTaVs* s e 3° u ilvi^el a^Si'an^ts color > and tlie berries pale green or sri|™v 1 lTOw ! l
use, soon reaiizinsr that it wa doin B me white. The Oak is 2. small shrub, seldom more than three
frood. I continued the medicine and -was r , . - .• • j j« — - ' .•¦ , r
cured entirely, i think it the best blood feet mgn, its size depending upon the nature of. the soil,
medicine made." location, etc.; the leaves are long and pointed with saw-
like edges and a downy appearance underneath. While the two plants are entirely unlike
i 3 • n j !?• ¦, i , i Mrs. A. N. Bennett, of Toccoa, Ga., whose
time in a rougn and inflamed, condition, dotted nere and case i« similar to thousands of others who
there with b^d looking ulcers and little festering sores. ytars^id £ StffSSli^
It is truly remarkable with what regularity and Jjf«t glg^& h £*^*£&&
certainty the disease returns, and always on schedule h T c Tcure S d°"VToVpie?eTranI d w S e
time, appearing the same month, day and hour, almost, .have .¦een no Biama of the eruptions for
that it did the year before. Don't be deceived should all "^ al M "^- - .
the signs of the poison vanish soon after the first attack — the. acrid juices have been taken
through the open skin pores into the blood, and the most persistent and faithful use .of
external remedies can never dislodge them, and next season, and for years to come, yon may
expect to endure the sam? bodily tortures; the blood in the meantime' becoming so saturated
S^^pip^^ and charged with the poison that eactt succeeding attack
j^Lm^% /^^¦^•J leaves the body weaker and- recovery more Uncertain and
? <{^^ f JL >Jfc| slow, and thus the once simple malady ends disastrously.
' For every poisonous plant, tree, shrub or flower, nature
fe^^jfe j w_?^ j has wisely provided an antidote or cure. The roots and
|^^^^ herbs of which S. S. S. is composed quickly, surely and
permanently overcome and drive out , of the blood and
system the effects of Poison Ivy, Poison Oak, Virginia Creeper, Thunder Weed, Sum and
vegetable poisons of every variety. S. S. S. will be found an invaluable and perfect antidote
for poisons of this class. There* is never any return of tKe aggravating; symptoms after, a
course of S. S. S., as it destroys every vestige of the poison. ~^ ' : v : ; . ) "V
Don't abandon hope because of repeated failures. State your casetoour doctors; we feel
sure they can help you. .^Medical advice w^ll cost you nothing 'and: is "strictly confidential.
Book on Blood and Skin Diseases free. SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga.
BOTANICAL REPTILES
Many thousand physicians and mil-
lions of-persons invariably experienced
beneficial effects. Try Vin Mariani on
its merits. "V ", ' '/
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
World Famous Mariani* Tonic
visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
QJ 1051 KA22ST ST. tat. e±*7ti, S.F.Cal. f
jfef The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
-JU,, World. Weaknesses or any contracted Q
9S£tBn d "sea« positivarly cared hy the oldest T
|BSJ| Specialist on the Coast. EsL 36 years. ©
Ufffl OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
f^AjBhB Consultation free and strirtly private. \
J MtQLB Treatment personally or by letter. A A
¦ W "!l ¦ Positive Curt in every case undertaken. \
F I lift Write for Book. PniLOSOI-nY or A
II II HARRIACE, MAILED FREE. (AT
() (I valuable book for men) < . \
DB. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.. R. V. f
Pacific Coasi Steamship Co.
& ¦ . ¦ . Steamers leave Broadway
fifc • Wharf, San Francisco:
M^t- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
nBgPjk: June 5. 10. 15. 23, 25. 30. July
•ffi3R3»*R* 5 - Chanee to company's
' PlV kBi^SCA steamers at Seattle.
IwBMaj For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
! IllfeaV^W^I c.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
¦ r^ i '^W^5i Tacoma. Everett. Anacorrei
d- and New Whatcom (Wa»h.)—
"¦"^* 11 a. m.. June 5. 10. 15. 20. 25, SO.
July 5 and every fifth day thereafter. Change,
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacama
for N P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
June 2. 7. 11. 18. 21. 26. July 1, and every fifth
day thereafter. ' '
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 , a. m ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Ansreles. calling at Santa Cm*.
Monterey. Fan Simeon. Cayucoa. Port H-«rford
(Pan Luis OblKBo). Gaviota. Santa. Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro. 'Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonita. Tuesdays,
9 a. m. - ' .
For Ensennda. Magdalena Bay. San Jo»e del
Cabo. MaratUn. Altata. La. Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia Find Guaytnas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7U» each
month.
For further information obtain company^ s
folders, ¦ . . • ' ¦¦.
•The company reserves the right to chang»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. " • ' -
TICKET O*T"Tf;E— 4 New Montgomery,
str^'t (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Affents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco. .
O. #?. &iN. CO.
Only Steamship Lino to j
PORTLAND, Or.,
Anr* Short Rail Liie from Portland to all
pcints. East. Through ticket* to alt
. pcint*. nil »•*>' «r «teamshin und rail, at
' ¦ . LO W JbJST ILA.TX3S.
8TEAMSR TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH *nd MEALS.
SS. CCLUMBIA—Sails June 12. 22. July 2. 12, n
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER „... I
Sails June 7. 17, 27. July 7, 17. J7
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Asrt.. 1 Montgrom'y.S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS -WILL LEAVE WHARF.' COH-
ner First and .Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers . for
India, etc. No cargo received on * board oa
day of *ai11n*r. i
SS. HONGKONG MARTT.Saturday, June 22, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU.. ."Wednesday. July 17. 1901
SS. "AMERICA MARU.. Saturday. Aug. 10, 1901
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
4H Market , street, corner First. ¦
. •- VT. .FL" AVERT. General Aarent.
SS. SONOMA (via . Honolulu) • for ' Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia...'..
'. ; Thursday. June 20, 10 a.' m.
SS. AUSTRALIA: for Tahiti... .;...
...."Wednesday. June 26, 10 a. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only);
'.......Saturday June 29. 2 p. m.~
J. D. SPREGKEU k BROS. CO., Bneral Agents. 327 Market A
Qn'l Passflger Office, 643 Market St., Pur lo. 7; Pacific St
Gape Nome, Teller City
Steamer CHICO. ! Sailing June 13. .
Only limited number of . passengers taken.
Last steamer this month.
We will \ also dispatch, the fast-salllnj
schooner Lev! S. Woodbury on the same date.
For freight and passage rates apply to C F.
MOORE. 935 Market street, room 8.
PANAMA R.R, s l1^
TO NEW YORK VIA.' PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $ 105; Steerage," $40.
S. 8. Argyll - i ' sall« Monday. June 2-%
S. 8. Leelanaw sails Monday, July • IS
S. S. Argyll . ftail.i Monday. _ Aug. 5
' From Harrison-street Wharf at 2 p. ra.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market at. •
' F. F. CONNOR. Paclnc Cc4st Agent..
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, at Mexican, Central
and South American ' ports. Sailing Fremont-
street wharf. 12 m. ¦¦-'.' - '
COLOMBIA . M June 17 J AREQUIPA..:.".July ..
TUCAPEL ':...June 27 | LIMARI July ..
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and. South American , passenger service.
(No change. at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and paslen*er office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. OUTHRIE &' CO.. Gen. Agenta.
COMPASNIE GENERAL'S 4 TRANSATLANTIC, UB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ' V^.^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of ijwit^m
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42.- -«»•*
North River, ' foot • ofc Morton , street. *La Lor-
raine. . June . 13; ' *L*AqultaIne, - June 20; La
Bretagne, June 27;: La .Champagne, .July 4.'..' .
¦First class to Havre, 155'and upward.* Second
class to • Havre. ¦ $43 : and .upward. GENERAL
AGENCY- FOR -UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, • 32 - Broadway (Hudson - building), -New
York. J. F. JFUGAZI.. & CO., .Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 1 Montgomery avenue." San Franclsca
Tickets «njd by all. Railroad Ticket Agent*.'. • \
'Twin Screw Express Steamers.- •* -- ¦ -
-;bay; A3sri>; stveb steahebs.^
FOR ;U. S" NAVY; YARD "V. AND fi VALLEJO.
•Steamers GM.'FRISBJE orlONTICELLO
' 9 :45 tu . m.; 3ll5 ' and j 8 :30 " p.* m.". v except ' 8o»-
day. Sunday.; 9:45 a." m., 8:30 p. m. Leava*
Vallejo;7 a. , m.,"- 12:30 • noon." 6 p. m., exceaft
Sunday.*? Sunday, 7 a. ¦ m., 4:15. p. im. -Fara'JP*
cents: •• Telephone Main 1508. ' Landing ' and '«f '¦
[ flce,^ pier 2, » Mission-st.^ dock.'; HATCH • BftO* •
Examiner Building, Room 607.
RIBBON WATKR-HEATING CO.
TILLMANN & BENDEL, distribute—.
I ; < Sgisi^^t2^i^i
' ,' ADVERTISEMENTS.;NEW YORK, June 8:-^Andrew,; Bertollo,
an Italian^'gold / miner,? tried • to ".commit
suicide in' a hotel here '¦ to-day by k shoot
ing, i He will recover, h Bertollo , was | on
his . way back ¦ to .' Italy/ from " San - Fran
cisco, .where * he .¦ had 'gone:' after- working
for - eight ¦ years ' , in* . the i mines about
Reno, Nev.' . » ; ' ". ; ••. :
Miner Attempts Suicide.
MARSHAllLTOWN, ; , -Iowa", June . 8.—
Judge Burnham of ; the District' Court- to
day decided that the ; Iowa' cigarette tax
law ' ls constitutional and . that •: the \ prop
erty of dealers in cigarettes and owners
of buildings where they -are sold, may be
attached and sold for; said tax. Similar
suits pending in other 'counties have been'
awaiting the decision 'In Marshall, County.
Cigarette Tax Law. Constitutional/
Former • Governor St. .John 'of Kansas
was Mrs: Kimberliri's partner intone of
several mining ventures in which she was
Interested, '¦¦;.:: ¦¦ ¦ ; ;.- ¦ • • - ' - 4
CRIPPLE CREEK, June 8.— After read
ing how* a woman had shot and" killed
herself, Mrs. J. W/ Kimberlin committed
suicide In precisely the same manner v at
her home on Spring" Creek yesterday
morning.' Mrs.* Kimberlin was greatly
grieved by the death of , her husband four
months ago and the . mining; stocks ' In
which she had most of her money in
vested had depreciated in value. The
combination' of misfortunes,, it is sup
posed, was the motive for the sulcide'sug
gested by the newspaperstory. Last Fri
day, night she read aloud an account of
the suicide of Mrs. F. G. Foreshaw in An
aconda last Wednesday, and then said' to
her mother: . . .- . . ¦¦-¦. ...-.•;
"That is what I will do. , I am tired of
living, anyway." - . .-'..-
Mrs. Foreshaw. rose early in the morn
ing, prepared » breakfast for her family
excused herself and, stepping into an ad
joining room; lay down .on a bed and
pressing: a pistol to her breast pufa bul
let through her heart. Mrs.' Kimberlin
followed .this programme ¦• exactly, -r- She
got breakfast at 6^ o'clock and called her
mother, and her uncle, with .-whom she'
lived. Then, while they, were at : the ta
ble, she went to an adjoining bedroom and
shot herself. ,.'.. , . ' --.,>'. ¦• ¦ ¦¦¦ ir y .
Duplicates the Deed of an
Anaconda Resident. ,
Mrs. Kimberlin of Cripple Creek
WOMAN SHOOTS HERSELF .;
AFTER, READING OF STTICIDE
!!f?wE£f'* one of w^ m ls Frank Meekln
of the Thirty-seventh Volunteers, shall re
ceive full pardon.
Senor Dancel will visit General Wade
a ?^. a . t^ empt to arrange for. the surrender \
of Cailles to Brigadier General Sumner at
Fagsajan, . Laguna province, within the
S-tfn two weeks. Major Batson- of the
Phil ppine Cavalry (Macabe|>es) deserves
credit for the influence' he Texercised on
C avS l A5?TT 1 SSf iar bout tnls action. '.-
SYRACUSE, N. Y.. June 8.— A letter
from -Paul J. Spillane of the Ninth Infan
try, stationed in the Philippines, has been
received by a friend In Watertown It
«**?£ toh 1^ 11116 *^? 111 ? 116 was a Prisoner
of the Filipinos at Tarlac he learned from
insurgent officers the fate of Major Rocke
feller, whose mysterious disappearance
«^ lll M 1 L e i war J iai i p^? led the,American
mT -Sin Ma3or Rockefeller, according to
mS/ U i?ii no i S> prisoner and went
mad while in captivity. Soon afterward he
died. Spillane says that the story of the
du 3^ Si sulclde> after learn ing that he had
killed his own son in battle, Is untrue, as
Rockefeller was in no engagements.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
First — Hostilities shall be suspended
while negotiations are pending.
Second— General Cailles' troops shall re
ceive customary considerations and bene
fit of franchises.
Third— Instead of the Government pay
ing the usual $30 for every rifle surren
dered a fund of $100,000 will be created for
the benefit of the widows and orphans of
Filipino soldiers.
Fourth— Two deserters from the Ameri-
MANILA. June 8.— General Cailles. the
insurgent commander in the province of
Lagruna, has promised to surrender with
1600 riflemen under the terms -which Senor
Dancel. who acted as intermediary, states
have been modified and accented by the
authorities. -It is not believed that Cailles
has that many rifles in his command,
however. The conditions of surrender are
said to be as follows:
GENERAL CAILLES ACCEPTS THE AMENDED TERMS
AND WILL SURRENDER TO THE AMERICAN AUTHORITIES
Five-eighths of > a mile— Silver Locks * won,
Speak Easy second. Medford third. Time, s 1:03.
Mile ' and 1 three-quarters, hunters' steeple
chase — Hacklet won, -: Tates Creek second.
Quicksilver third. Time, 4:23'^. ¦ r r
Three-quarters mile— Scopio .'won. Violent
second, Sprlngwells third. • Time, : 1:15: - r :"
Steeplechase, three miles-;-Arrezzo won, Jack
Carr second, Mr. ' Dunlap , third. . Time ¦ not
given. ¦;'¦".«¦ 1 , .'•';:. ' :-.•.'..-.¦'.. "• ."¦;-• :> '; ¦"¦-¦
Mile and a half— Flag of Truce, won, Toddy
Ladle second,. Barley. Sugar third. Time, 2:40.
-Four and a half furlongs— Constant ' won,
Pauline Janette, second, . Trakuse third. Time,
:56%. , .' : , '. ; •.. Vt -.I ,' ¦•: * ¦ .'.:¦;.• . *; ¦.
One mile i and an eighth, selling— Governoi
Boyd won. Slasher second, Albert Vale third.
Time, 1:E6'4. r - ¦ -. ' ¦ *
HAMILTON,, Ont.. June 8.— Results: . .
• Seven' furlongs— Kittle Court won, Infellce
second, Euclare third. Time. 1:29%.
' Four and a half "furlonsfs, selling— Anna A
B wen, Ingo second, j Hand Ball third. . Time,
:56. . ¦, ' v ¦ " ¦ ¦ ¦'• • *' ' ' ' • ' ¦
;' Six furlongs— Lilly Pantland won, Imperialist
second, Northumbrla third. Time, 1:14. .:
-One mile, ' selling— Strathbroeck won, Nekar
nls second. Baffled third. Time, 1:42.
¦ Seven furlongs, selling — Lady. Kent, won,
Fairy Dell ; second, I Pauline , J third. , Time,
1:28H. '. ; ' ' .. : . / , ¦ .
. Five furlongs,* selling— Sister Kate II won,
Nancy Dobyns second, Aushendrayne • third.
Time, 1:02%. --.•.¦ " . . ¦. .. /:,.
CINCINNATI, ? June 8.— Newport summary:
One mile and twenty yards, selling—Tam
many Chief won, \ Tidal I Wave second, ' Clay
Pointer third. Time, 1:50. *.
. Seven furlongs, ! selling— Battus won, Verify
second, Sadie Levy third. . Time, 1:32& ¦:
-Mile and a sixteenth, purse— Hottentot won,
Chopin second, Ida Ledford 1 third. Time, 1:52.
Junior championship, stakes, $2500, six fur
longse—Wyeth won, • Monte Himyar second,
Charles W. Meyer third. .Time, 1:20. . ¦
Six furlongs, selling — Zack Ford won. The
Butcher second, Tenny' Belle third. Time; ¦ 1:13.
¦ Five and a half furlongs, purse — Kaloma won,
Hsrry Wilson second, ' Kaffir third. Time,
1:1214. ¦ ¦ , .' ¦ . ¦,
Six furlongs— King's Highway .won,' Hi Noker
second. Robert Jr. third. Time, 1:17»4.
ST. LOUIS. June 8.— Fair Grounds summary:
Mile and seventy yards, selling — Federal won.
Winter second. El Caney third. Time, 1:46.
Five and a half furlongs— J. | V. Kirby won,
Doreen second, Herodiade third. Time, 1:08%.
Mile and an eighth, handicap— Wild Pirate
won. Lady Schorr second/ Ben Chance third.
Time. 1:53%:
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Vlncennes
von. Hop Scotch second,' Host third. Time,
I Five furlongs, selling— Harry Beck won, Hans
Wagner second, McChesney third. .Time, 1:02
One mile— Bangle won, Algaretta second. Li
vldla third. Time, 1:41%. • . - .
¦ Steeplechase, short course— Sallust won,' Isen
second. Frond third. Time, 3:24^. .
CHICAGO, June 8.— Summary at Hawthorne:
Selling, five furlongs— Honolulu won, Man o'
War second, Stephen Ward third. Time, 1:03 1-5.
One mile and seventy yards — Belvlno won,
Anna Darling second, Blue Victor third: Time,
1:49 2-5. ¦ ':• '•' . .- ' .
. Broadway stakes, one mile and a sixteenth —
The- Parader won. All Green second, Vittelius
third. Time 1:49. ¦; i .
The Great ' American, $12,500;. five furlongs-
Blue Girl, 122 (Burns). 6 to 1 and 2 to J... won;
Nasturtium. 115 (Garrlgan), even and 1- to 2,
second; Major Dangerfield, 115 (Bullman), 20 to
1 and 8 to 5, third. Time, 1:02-4-5. Golden Cot
tage, Saturday, Whisky King* and Andaluslan
also ran. . * ¦ . . ¦•
NEW YORKj' June 8.— The great American
stakes of, $12,500 \ drew 16,000 people to, the
Gravesend race track to-day.- John THr Mad
den's Blue Glrlj_ at 6 to 1, won cleverly • over a
rather slow , track, with the next . four ' horses
heads apart, Nasturtium, : the favorite, getting
the, place from. Major Danrerfleld. The great
American was for. two-year-olds at. five, fur-'
longs. .On the far turn Nasturtium was sharply
cut oft, losing three or four lengths. Garrlgan,
on . the favorite, claimed a foul against , the
winner, but the stewards would not allow the
claim; . - .
About six furlongs — Gold Spinner won, .Out
. lander second, Isla third. Time, . 1:12 1-5. * *
¦. One mile and a quarter— Andrlflcu* won, Sadie
S second, First Whip third. Time, 2:09 2-5.
Madden'g 1 Horse Captures the Ameri
' . can Stakes at Oravesend Tracks.'
BLUE' GIRL THE WINNER.
In the' courtroom Mrs. Kennedy occu
pies a chair. at a table with her, attor
neys; and about her daily are grouped her
father, her mother, who visited the pris
oner but once since her arrest; her "mar
ried sister, Mrs. Leon, and the latter's
husband. Frequently during a whole ses
sion of court her relatives pay-no atten
tion to her. To-day when Mrs. Kennedy
grave vent to her feelings in , sobbing her
father tried to quiet her, but Mrs. Prince
and Mrs. Leon remained in their seats,
making no effort to comfort the woman.
-William T. Hacker told of seeing Mrs.
Kennedy and Bert Prince together in the
vicinity of Kennedy's office a few hours
before the murder, and Clifford Lawson
Itestified to having seen Prince there at
about the same time with a woman whom
he did not know. ¦ ''¦";¦ •¦•'.'¦
Charles Dittmlr testified to Bert Prince
having forecasted the murder. Two days
before the killing occurred Dittmlr said
Prince accosted him while he was. read
ing a newspaper account of Kennedy's
suit for annulment of the. marriage.
Prince remarked:
"You'll read worse than that about him
before long:.' 1 - . '
"I told him, 11 said Miss .Litchfleld, "that
I had been downstairs; that some one had
been hurt. Bert said: 'L-ulu did it; she
gave him what was coming to him. 1 He
did not ¦ treat her right and she fixed
him.' " . ••..;¦;
Miss Litchfield to-day testified to hav
ing seen Bert Prince oa the floor above
Kennedy's office a moment after the
sheeting 1 . •
' The theory of. the State . is that: Bert
Prince, together with his brother : Will
and his father, C. W. , Prince, all of whom
are awaiting trial on a charge of com
plicity In the murder, had conspired with
Mrs. Kennedy to kill Kennedy, and that
the male members of the family were
present in the building watching -the dif
ferent entrances to prevent his escape.
KANSAS CITY, June 8.— Lulu ; Prlnoe-
Kernedy cried convulsively, in. the court
rccm this morning when a witness testi
fied to a conversation held with the pris
oner's favorite, brother, Bert Prince, a
few minutes after the killing of Kennedy.
Mrs. Kennedy was removed" from \ the
room in an effort to comfort her, but
when she was brought back a few min
utes later she sobbed aloud, and finally
collapsed utterly. Unable to proceed with
the trial, Judge Wofford ordered an ad
journment until Monday' morning, and
the prisoner, moaning 1 and crying: .aloud,
was carried bodily across the j corridor to
her cell. ¦', "• , v '.-/ ; :.¦ ¦¦¦¦>-,- '. /'¦¦"¦.
*This. was. the first real sign of a break
down the prisoner has displayed Bince the
killing: '¦¦ in January last, th© cool attitude
and apparently, careless bearing she has
shown having completely puzzled the offi
cers who had her in their care.
Miss Bertie Ldtchfield, a former school
mate of Bert Prince,' was on the stand,
resuming: her testimony of yesterday. She
had told of Prince being in the Ridge
building at the time of the murder, and
of his conversation -with her. The defense
had objected to " this conversation being
related, and Judge Wofford reserved his
decision until to-day, ' announcing this
morning that the State would be.permit
ted to giye the testimony.
Prosecution Trying to Show
• Members of Her Family Are .
" Implicated in Murder. >.
Cries .Pitifully' and Is
r Frbin the
Courtroom.
LULU KENNEDY'S
UTTER COLLAPSE
yTHE:!s^: ::^ 9, 1901.
Field for Capital Is
Found in State of
• Campeche.
AMERICANS BUY
LAND IN MEXICO
Rothschilds of Paris to Build
a Railroad -From Copper
Mines to Coast.
CITY OF MEXICO. June 8.— C. C. Mc-
Cormack of Pennsylania has received title
for a tract of 525,000 acres of land in the-
State of Campeche. on the Eastern Yuca
tan peninsula. This land was bought from
Luis Garcia Tocua of this city for a com
pany of Pennsylvanians. The tract la en
tirely covered with timber and the com
pany will erect new sawmills. As fast ai
the land is cleared it will be put under
cultivation.
A Chicago company last year bought
300,000 acres in the same State.
Albert Volney Foster, son of Hon. Volney
Foster of Chicago, has returned from a
long exploration of the State of Chiapas
on behalf of a group of -Chicago capital
ists He reports th© soil and climate suit
able for agriculture and labor both cheap
and efficient. *•._.•-. .
The Rothschilds of Paris, who now otto
the Inguran copper mines in th© Stats of
Michoacan, will build a railroad to tha
Pacific Coast so as to ship out ores.
would deliver the diplomas to th© gradu
ates.
¦ Commander Wainwright carried out th*
department's Instructions. Hackett board
ed the dispatch boat Sylph at the Wash
ington Navy Yard on Thursday last and
arrived at the r.aval academy In time to
deliver the diplomas. He returned to
Washington to-day, using the Slyph. for
the purpose. • : . •
SACRAMENTO. June 8. — Governor Gage ha«
been Informed by Major General Shatter tbat
Government tents will be shipped to WHltts,
Mendoclno County, for the sufferers of Thurs
day's fire.
I SAN JOSE, June 8.— The directors of
the Calif ornla ' Cured Fruit Association
held a meeting to-day to discuss plans for
handling the coming year's crop. Presi
dent Bond outlined a policy to be pursued
and modifications to the packers' contract
were considered, but the directors refused
to divulge just what was done. .
President Bond and Vice President- H.,
W. Meek were re-elected by the directors,'
as It Is believed their election by the mem
bers would not stand the test in court L.
P. Graham and P. N. Woods were re
elected to - the executive committee, the
other members being the president and
vice president. Woods is also treasurer, and
Alfred Barstow was re-elected secretary.
The compensation of the executive com
mittee, which has been $300 a month each,
was changed by the directors to $10 a day
for each, member for the actual days of
service. ¦ ¦ ..
/With 65,000,000 pounds of prunes on hand,
from last year and as the present crop
will not amount to more than this, Presi
dent Bond believes the association will b«
master of the market and that outside
growers can be forced into the associa
tion by reducing the prices of prunes If
need be.
The California Packers' Company,
which has a contract, to sell the fruit of
the Cured Fruit Association, to-day elect
ed the following directors: W. M. Grif
fin, president;" R. W. Hersey. secretary
and. manager; A. E. Castle, A. O. Free
man, C. B. Bills, F. S. Johnson and F. H.'
Holmes. Bills is the only -new member.
In the afternoon they held a conference
with the association. It was. announced
thut both had come to a mutual agree
ment on a policy which is practically to
undersell packers outside the association
at any price. - : . ¦
Special Dispatch to" The- Call.
Reaches an .Understanding
With California Packers
Company. * '
Expects Culed Fruit As-'
. sociationfto Control
Market. .
BOND OUTLINES
HIS CAMPAIGN
Hackett, who was acting Secretary of
the Navy, learned of the Invitation ex
tended by Commander "Wainwright and
ordered him to "Washington. Commander
Wainwright promptly reported, and was
astonished to receive an instruction from
Hackett to inform Rear Admiral Crown
inshield that the Assistant Secretary
Upon receiving the* President's declina
tion Commander Wainwrigrht invited Sec
retary Long, but for the same reason as
that which prompted • the President to
send regrets the Secretary could not ac
cept. • Commander Wainwrlght then in
vited r Rear Admiral' Crowninshield, chief
of the bureau of navigation, under whose
authority the naval academy is especially
placed. The invitation was extended both
as a compliment to the rear admiral and
to the naval academy, as he had always
irianifested a great interest in the institu
tion and had used its influence for its im
provement. Admiral Crowninshield Indi
cated his willingness to accept the invi
tation and preparations were made for his
reception here. •
ANNAPOL.IS, Md.. June 8.— Assistant
Secretary of the Navy Frank W. Hackfctt,
practically upon his own invitation, deliv
ered the diplomas' to the graduates of the
naval academy. \ Hackett's conduct with
respect to the graduating exercises has
caused considerable comment and not" a
little criticism cmongthe officers on duty
at. the academy. Commander ¦Wainwright,
the. superintendent, recently wrote \ to
President McKJnley inviting him to de
liver the diplomas to the cadets. The
President was unable to accept, as .he ex
pected to be in the Middle West when the
graduating ceremony occurred. '.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Haokett Ignores .Programme
- ! and Delivers Academy
Diplomas.
Assistant \ Secretary - 01
1 the Navy. Surprises
Officers. '
INVITES HIMSELF
TO CEREMONIES
16
20 doz. Gowns, elegantly made, with nice open work em-
broidery and hemstitchins; were $l 50. For Monday O*4^J
Each OcfC
GREAT VALUES IN MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
-having been displayed in the window or shown over the counter
and ely trimmed wlth flne laces> embroideries,, -tucks'
$175 and U 50 Corset Covers, beautifully lace and *7Cg.~
embroidery trimmed, reduced to Each (OC
Corset Covers of flne cambric with lace and embroid- % BS ~
ery trimming, worth 25c and 35c. Special Each luC
Gowns made of the finest nainsook, exquisitely trimmed with
finest embroidery and lace; sold -at $5. $6 and $7 50 co 85
Reduced to 92.O5 and <I)O^_
Cambrlc Drawers, with hemstitching and embroid- ef/-,_
ery and lace trimming, were 85c. Special at Pair OUC
Free Trial
Treatment
So certain are Drs.
Shores of their won-
derful discovery for
the cure of deaf-
ness, catarrh,' asth-
ma and lung- diseas-
es that a cordial in-
vitation . is extended
to all to come and
receive a' TRIAL
TR E ATM E N'T
WITHOUT PAY OR
WITHOUT OBLI-
GATION TO PAY.
An .inspection of
Drs. 'Shores' modern
Appliances for the
treatment of these
ailments will be a
real medical ' revela-
tion to the afflicted.
APPLY ANY DAY.
THIS WEEK. •' <:¦•
MR. E. GALLIGAN. •
* MR. E. GALLIGAN. 580% Natoma street, San Francisco, Cal., says:
"I have been a sufferer, from -Catarrh for the last twenty years.
My nose would stop up, first on one side and then on the other. I
would hawk and spit in the . mornings until I would lose my break-
fast.- I was so distressed after eating, with my stomach, that I
could scarcely breathe. I had. continual pains In the front of my
head and I felt very dull. and weak all the time. .- ..- ¦ • .
"There was a noise in my ears like a brass band, playing, and I
suffered also from a general nervous debility. ;•""
"Reading of Drs. Shores & Shores' wonderful cures in the paper
I was persuaded to try their treatment, whlch\ benefited me very
much from. the first dose of medicine that I took. The medicine
helped me.; I am improving every day, and I heartily commend
Drs. Shores A Shores' treatment to all sufferers. I am an old resi-
dent of San Francisco and would be very glad to have any one in-
vestigate this testimony by calling on me at any time. ¦
"(Signed) \ / MR. E. GALLIGAN,' '
, . !'580% Natoma street, San Francisco, CaL"
• . e 3 WILLIAM E. BRYAN.
LOST HEARING RESTORED AT 80 YEARS.
William Evermont Bryan. No. 548 Pacific avenue. Alameda Cal
an old resident, says: "I have lived in the aam T block^wTnt^'veTrV
ment did me no good whlteveV 7 deafness - but "»«!' treat-
and now after six weeks of' Drs Shores' tL^ °?\ neal 2 ns "turning.
tick distinctly from the deaf 2'r ««^i i* f* atm 5. nt I J !an hear my watctl
"My catarrh and eczema! tamv # nSl»l^ 8e M Ingr better a11 the ame -
which was stopped up* if now de^ &Ct li. S much better - my head '
"I heartlly P re?ommend 0 rTrs^ S&iJS! fl Vw^t 1500 ?, 1 ?" 511^ 1 "^" 080^
petenthelp. (Signed., .f* y5Z&!F&&£o& "bRYAN^
: • : • ' 549 Pacific avenue, Alameda, Cal."
" t IT SOOTHES," ,
*! IT HEALS,'?
"IT CURES."
_ These are the expression* heard many times
a day In Drs. Shores', parlors from people who
have tested other treatments without benefit,
and find in Drs. Shores' new" treatment Instant
relief from Catarrh,- . Deafness, Asthma and
Lung Diseases.. The patients drink Into their
air passages these healing balms and soothing
oils, reaching every part of the mucous mem-
brane of; the nose, "throat. Eustachlan
tubes . and j . . lungs, like ', healing i salve
on a sore. \ No cutting. . no cauterizing,
no probing with dirty instruments, but by Drs
Shores' -DIRECT, CONTACT METHOD, with"
Drs. Shores' modern instruments, the medi-
cated oils reach the sore spots and heal; are
carried into the Eustachian - tubes, an«i the
LOST HEARING IS RESTORED TO THE
DEAF. iThe ' sufferers from lung *. diseases
breathe into their J.lungs these ". SOOTHING
OILS and .' the soreness disappears. •' and in
many ¦ so-called helpless cases A CURE RE-
SULTS. r \ The 'spasms of Asthma 1 are - RE-
LIEVED IN ! ONE TREATMENT. 'All made
possible with Drs. j Shores' new and wonderful
instrument for this class > of ailments. '
DRS. SHORES' NEW INSTRUMENT.
¦ ,..Thi8is one; of. the .modern instruments used" by Drs. Shores &", Shores' to carry their
medicated and healing oils to the Nose; Throat. Eustachlan - Tubes' and Lungs curln*
Catarrh. Deafness., Asthma and Lung Diseaaes. COMB to Drs. Shores AT* ONCE and try
.this new invention free. . Ringing in the Ears. Spasm., of Asthma, Hay f™» ? CommoT
Colds are many times cured, in one treatment.' ,. - ¦• . . •
fe3t^ HISTOR^BUlLp^
Office hours-Week days. 9 a, m. to 4 p. m.; Evening. 6 to 8; Sundays; ': 10 a.'^to u'nwi'
ALL DISEASES.
cSSrt^S'S? 8 A3 J? S 1105^^ not only cure
S^7 £? Sjpmach Troubles, but they Cars
tw£F Diseases. Kidney Diseases. Bladder
Troubles, Heart Diseases, Diseases of the
stomach and Bowels. Piles, Fistula and Kfctal
Diseases. Female Complaints. Diseases of
Women and Children, Rickets. Spinal Trouble*.
Skin _ Diseases, Deafness, » Asthma. Bronchial
ana. Lung Troubles, , Consumption in the first
U ase ?; Oy * ria -^ Diseases. Sciatic Rheumatism.
Hay Fever Neuralgia. Hysteria. Eye and Ear
Diseases. Goitre (or Big Neck), La Grippe.
Lost Manhood, etc.. Blood Diseases. Private
Diseases. Scrofula, all forms of Nervous and
c D1s * a9 «« that are curable.
DRS. SHORES TAKE NO INCURABLK
CASES. Diseases that have baffled the skill
of other Doctors and Specialists, and stub-
bornly refused to yield to the ordinary meth-
ods of treatment, in most cases are quickly
BUlMJued and mastered by these noted Doctors.
Prices and terms within the reach of all.
Everybody who has a symptom of disease
should consult these noted Specialists free.
CONSULTATION AND . . EXAMINATION
FREE, whether you take treatment or not for
any disease. APPLY ANY. DAY THIS WEEK.
ONE PRICE FOR ALL.
. In treating with Drs.* Shores you know Just
what you have to ray. :Drs. Shores do not
charge $3 for Catarrh and $M for Kidney Dis-
ease or other trouble. They will treat you
for all . your ailments, no matter how many,
for %o per month, all medicines included. Now.
understand. $5 a month is all you have to pay 9
for expert treatment.
HOME TREATMENT 1° SK ,
of Drs. Shores* . treatment because of living at
a distance from the office. The same wonder-
fnl ¦ and uniform - success attending the treat-
ment of Drs. Shores In their office is found in
their home treatment of patients by mail. By
the use of a symptom blank they art- able to
diagnose cases and prescribe for them, and oy
their • reports - keep a » close watch upon them. •
Patients* living in the country may enjoy tne
benefits of Dm. Shores' skill afl well «J those
In the city. WRITE FOR SYMPTOM Bt,ANK
and have your case diagnosed. It will cost you ¦
nothing. The charges for home treatment are \
J3 a month, all medicines free, including mil -
Instruments and' appliances. ~<5
CONSULTATION FREE TO All* ; *f
Don't ' miss seeing- these beautiful petti-
coats. Impossible to procure them else-
where for the money. A chance pick-up by
our New York buyer. Made of the best
Taffeta, with' a double ruffle and gradu-
ated flounce. ¦ extra width and lenitth- In
colors of old rcse, reseda, tan. lavender,
purple,. royal,. cadet, gray, cardinal, cerise,'
new green and black. Great val- C**7.%5
ue at .lEach <D C
$7.25 EACH.
$11.50 SILK -'PETTICOATS MONDAY
The .biggest Hninr offer of the year; 40
pieces sro on sale for almost half price.
They were closed out from a retiring
wholesale house. Just the quality so well
adapted for ladles' netticoats. They are
black irround. with beautiful brieht mer-
cerized stripes of yellow, old rose, red.
cerise, .turquoise, reseda, purple, lavender
and white; always sold at 65c : a yard
For Monday and Tuesday ohn
- Tard OOC
A GREAT LINING SALE,
65c Silk Moreen 368-Yard.
WASH SKIRTS."
nrst showing of
Bummer Waeh
EklrtE; made of
Duck, Pique and
Grass Linen: smart
and stylish effect* —
you couldn't afford
to make them when
you consider our sav-
ing: rrices. Special
$1.50, $2.50 to
$5.00 Each.
ANOTHER BIG SILK WAIST SALE.
Monday Only $2.98 Each.
There has been the greatest de-
mand for these waists this season.
Another shipment has iust arrived.
Unquestionably the grandest waist
ever offered on the coast for the
money. Made of washable Taffeta
Silk, finished with fine tucks all over
front, back and sleeves, with the la-
test Bishop sleeves, in colors of
Litfnt Blue, Pink, Old Rose. Cardi-
nal, Royal, Gray. White and Black;
all sizes. For Monday <Di nQ
Each 3>^.VO
89c for $1.50 Grar> Lfnan Petticoats.
A great Monday special. Made of a
fine grade of Grass Linen, finished
with thr«»e deep ruffles, made extra
wide and full length. For QQ/>
Monday at .'.Each OwW
REMNANT SALE OF WHITE GOODS.
We have had tremendous, sales in our White Goods
Department of late. Remnants, therefore, have accu-
mulated and are twice what they should be at this time
of the year— that's why we hold . this sale Monday—
that's why the bargains will be so great. Remnants of
imported India Linon, Irish Dimities, Victoria Lawns,
Openwork and Lace Striped Lawns, Nainsook, Long
Cloth, etc.. lengths from 2 to 12 yards, for • aprons,
waists, dress lengths and baby dresses, a m^ ;
values up to 33c a yard; will be closed out | "^/^
Monday, your choice, at Yard •* C/ \J
A RARE 6L0YE OFFER.
Ladles' $1.75 Glovas Monday $1.(5 Pair
If these cloves were purchased In the
regular way we would be compelled to ask,
as others do, Jl 73 a pair. But we secured
55 dozen from a Paris maker at a great
sacrifice. ¦ They are the finest selected
French kid, pique sewn, latest stitched
backs, with 2-cIasD fasteners; every pair
guaranteed; in colors of Tan, Mode, Red,
Brown. Gray. White and Black; all sizes.
On- sale for Monday only at <£1.15
•••'• Pair tj>l
'all-over andTage tuckings.
A rrand collection of exquisite Nain-
sook, Swiss, Batiste and Grass Linen All
Overs. Many styles so popular for dresses,
waists and yoklng-s: Special lines selected
for to-morrow's selling.
Solid and cluster tucked all over Yok-
incs, in Swiss, Nainsook and Cambric,
ranging In price from CO"»o
.1 -. Yard 5Oc to «I>^&
Lace Insertion and tucked all over Tok-
lncs, in Lawn, Grass Linen and Batiste.
Special <£Q.5O
Yard 75c to tJ>O—
It means that If you are a sufferer from CATARRH. DEAFNESS ASTHMA or LTINO disease stomach t tvpti
or KIDNEY TROUBLE, RHEUMATISM or ANY OTHER NERVOUS I or COMPLICATOD CHRONIC DISKA^ NO^MAT-
TER IP. YOU HAVE A DOZEN AILMENTS, if you apply to Drs. Shores BEFORE JUNE 1^ you tVeatKS
cured for the one low fee of $5 per month. NO OTHER CHARGE of expense Tin any case ALI mmrrwq AOT> trpat
MENT FURNISHED ABSOLUTELY FREE. Under this special offer YOU GET^DRS ? %wm«3r^ r^w m? W3£&
TRITATMPVT TTTVR fR TVhv TT'"Y'PT7 1 T>T»Tf 1VTTO TT-i,,, "" tjt/-J T4-i-Jvir<? *. i .'-' IJ **Hil Una. OrtUiviirO regTUlar 510 A MONTH
IK£«AiMHiXM 1 JUK id. \\ ny JliAfiliKlM^JNT? \V hy pay BIG FEES to incompetent doctors when Drs Shm-M will our«
you for |6?? Each week Drs. Shores give VOLUNTARY TESTIMONIALS from people can see m™ talk wUh
THEY SPEAK FOR DRS. SHORES' SKILL AS EXPERT PHYSTCIANS AND SPECIALISTS They tell TO« how They
have suffered, how they have spent money on "FAJCE PATENT MEDICINES" and treatWnt^ T hnt nil tri *r> r^rr^T ™17,
tell you "DRS. SHORES'- TREATMENT CURES" when others had failed; and fora trifling MniiSS no Nfy?nmv n^SL
any day this week. This special offer Is made for YOUR BENEFIT, and to demonstrate ti S?d^WI? that% P^rVv £%??
ment. IS SUPERIOR TO ALLOTHERS: IT APPLD3S TO ALL. At this favorkbll sello° of1h P e i ? ar orti^ c^e'wiH t^
CURED IN ONE MONTH. Do not wait until this special offer has been withdrawn and^he price for tr»atmentadvanced
but apply NOW. - COME:TO-DAY, COME MONDAY, COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK and Drs Shores take vour case
no -matter how complicated, and treat you until cured for the low fee of $5 a month All treatment and mAdiMnM fin-niVhwl
free. CONSULTATION FREE FOR ANY DISEASE. «««*»* muiun. ah treatment ana medicines furnished
$5 -WHAT DR. SHORES' $5 RATE MEANS— $5
i-.T, r>r ? - hor t» & * S 5°^ s ' speci ?i announcement last Sunday to treat sufferers from Catarrh and all forms of Nervous and
commodate all, X>rs. Shores have generonsly decided to extend the offer ONE MORE "WEEK. Now, If you want to obtain Drs.
Shores- regular $10 a month treatment for $5, do not delay. Do not wait until the last day of the week to aDDlv and be lost
FORE JUNEWTH ONLY 36^ ?JJ?fS ft 8^?^ f'K 1 " AT 0NCE - The offerholdY good to ALL WHC) P APPLY b£
FORE JUNE 16TH ONLY. This will be the last extension of the offer. CONSULTATION FREE TO ALL.
JUST ONE MORE WEEK TO ALL WHO APPLY.
THE $5 RATE EXTENDED
The best grade All
Silk; bought 1200
pieces . : a t special
prices; on sale to-
morrow only.
' Yard. Piece.
No. 2— OUo ' OOc
3— lOc Kl.OO
5— l«c 81.3O
7— J.8c 91.75
9- 25c JH2.2K
12- 30c $2.7R
10- 33c $3.25
Monthy's Sale of
Black Velvet Ribbons
There occurs here to-morrow another of those stirring bar-
grain sales that have done bo much to build up our immense
business. We have made a large- purchase of a line of SATIN
STRIPED WOOL CHALLIES, over 300 pieces in all. Every
piece is this season's (production and the assortment consists of
new and recent printings In light, medium- and dark grounds.
In the choicest styles, which will be sold . for • Monday O^T/*
and Tuesday only, your choice at..........' Yard >C C V*
9*»p RraW I ill-n A B o eclftl purchase of 40 pieces genuine
/CO giaO9Llll.il Grass Linen, aheer quality, suitable for
KrOndaV I8C Yard dresses- and waists, the regular 25c 1 O~.
K.UilUaj I Oli laiU quallty . For Monday only Tard ISC
9 C .P WhitP PifllP Do not dslay Purchasing if you are looking
7 il u j " for a genuine Pique 1 bargain. We closed out
TOr I4C Yflrd »•*>*& lot. the quality adapted for skirts for
sea and mountain wear; always sold 1 A r+
at 25c a yard. Special, at ; Tard ¦'T'C*
9 K c Madras G ! n?hanis T , he » ret « es t fabric for waists; 120
111 jT in V S J T P le ?* best Scotch Madras Ginghams, 32
MOnQay /C Yard lnches wide - the 25c Quality, inrpretty
iiumuu, iiu i uiu . corded- strined' effects, in choice color-
ings 61 Oxblood, Blue, Pink, Lavender and Gray. For |>Tr»
Monday only ; Tard llC
Great Offering in fatin-Striped Chillies.
The greatest dress goods bargain. On sale for Monday only.
EO pieces 43-inch All-Wool French Batiste, a pretty and soft
material for street and evenine wear, in these fashionable col-
orinjre: New Blue, Reseda, Cardinal. Gray, Old Rose, Pink,
Castor, L»i{rht Blue. Watermelon Pink. Cream and CQ/>
Black. Sold all over at Jl. Here for Monday Tard *JZr\*
$1.00 WOOL BATISTE MONDAY 59c Y£RD.
Silk Dress Skirts of Black Taffeta and Peau de Soie.
tucked tops, graduated tucked flounce with nich-
ing, or flaring flounce with silk ruffles, a perfectly
made and hangring skirt; reduced to $12.50. $18. 5O
and $22.50; former prices $20, $25 and $.15.00.
REDUCTION SALE It's the first general mark-down
1 imrni c.i v sale of the se ? son — a when
LADIES SILK we n^ake radical reductions to
D^C^Q ?»f?DTQ c^ ear out our surp^ u . s stoc^- An
**L00 CN'nlOi unequaled opportunity for our
customers to purchase high-grade garments for less
than the original manufacturer's cost.
"We have made preparations to do the biggest Black Silk Business here to-morrow. A Sale that you
cannot afford to ignore because the values are bigger than ever before — because the silks are the high-
est grade, and because tKey go to you at fully one-third less than original cost. .A manufacturer's sur-
plus stock, representing some 12,000 yards of finest quality, rich and lustrous silk, was turned over" to
us last week at a great sacifice. The entire purchase will be ready to-morrow morning for you to select
from, to be on sale for 'MONDAY only, at the following unprecedentedly low prices:
mmm TARD— 3500 yards rich J*mr TARD— 6000 yards Black *— > /may \ . TARD— 3500 yards Black
¦^^^^^^ and lustrous Black S-wiss M' 4Z^ Peau de Sole, a rich and. *-^ M f^ superior grade, oil-boiled
*— * • ¦ Taffeta Silk, a superior *— * *• e^tra heavy quality, the * , ' Swiss Taffeta Silk fully
WORTH 76e quality, which we pro- WORTH $1.25 "O* 1 . : favored silk for WORTH $1 25 26 inches wide, a silk of
nounce to be worth at V skirts and suits, war- nualfl •*•*« the highest order, rich
least 75c a yard. On sale for Monday only ranted to give excellent wear; worth at and lustrous, every yard guaranteed: lm-
at V,. least Jl £3 a yard. On sale for Monday possible to duplicate under $125 a
w. £*.4r» onIy 52'7r» yard. On sale for 'Monday only Q*T **¦
Tard O^*C Tard OiC * ..Yard OiC
»"*, ** t 1 fi if- -t i\ 1 - 3000 yards All-Silk Changeable • Colored 4*\ f^'
LvffO K.IMinil TAt* lllAfi/15117 I Ifl I If Taffeta Silk, in a variety of twenty-three <ll/>
txira special ior I'lonuay-uniyr^j^
12,000 Yards Black Peau de Sdie and Black Taffeta.
Enormous Black Silk Purchase
•..'¦.'. '¦'.¦¦
To-day's phenomenal store news assures ¦wonderful selling, for this week. :' "Sever in our history
have June records shown such gratifying results. This is the economy center, of San -i Francisco—
that's why it has grown to be one of the busiest retail stores in this city. 'Yotif dollar goes furthest
here. It bays most, both in quantity and quality. Undoubtedly that is one great reason why we lead.
I THE BIGGEST OF JUNE SALES!
ADVEETISEHENTS.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
jM V* OFF
June J&le
<$$'!'$ The most success-* ¦ Ih 1 *®;^'
*^^a ' ful millinery sale of this sea- $wh<(ffM
SMjSlk. son. A sale where' ores- ¦ - wW^** ¦
M*t\ ' ent an(^ future millinery I ¦¦'< |gl| :j
%?' \ wants can be more than sat- Jr. .
\ isfied at but a fraction of our ' Jr' .
J^ ; usual prices— and our usual /'_ ¦ " =-=^
/If . prices are well known to be hf~ :
|f lower than those of any other store in this city. \|-
W Not only a sale of hats, but a. sale of every article of j
j millinery in the store, from the swellest trimmed hat |
jjl down to the plainest. Outing* hats, sailors, walking |
I hats, feathers, flowers, laces, ribbons, etc. Nothing re- I
. served — everything goes at l A off this week. V ' J
Come early — don't let procrastination come be- '
tween you and a' real barirnin in millinen-. *jj ' " ...¦ ||
Ceoi\ Alito
I 945 Market Si -- Lud; "Zpbel. j|
'/Mill III " Jr /
9 ' ' "_ .-.. '¦' : ' . •'*• ¦ --. 'TVEST POINT, N. Y., June 8.— Among
the cadets found deficient in examina
tions and discharged this afternoon were-
Fourth class cadets Dunford, Utah; Ma
duska. Kansas; Sands, at large.
Cadets Found Deficient.
AXJBAXY. N. Y., June 8.— The return in
the Molineux murder case was to-day
'fljed with the court of appeals. The re
turn contains over 3000 pages and is one
of the largest ever filed with the court.
Z/OQgr Return in Molineux Case.
"WASHINGTON. June 8.— The President
to-day appointed Elmer B. Stevenson
Collector of Internal Revenue in the Dis
trict of Nebraska and Myron H. McCord
United States Marshal. Territory of Ari
zona. McCord was formerly Governor of
the Territory.
The President also made the following
appointments in the army: Captains —
William W. Brander. James I. Griffin,
John C. Granville and John M. Moore;
captain, artillery corps, Henry H. Whit
ney; first lieutenants, artillery corps, Le
vert Colman and Alfred B. Putnam.
DALLAS, Tex.. June 8.— Fire here to- !
cay destroyed property worth nearly $93,- j
COO. The principal losses are: Hamilton !
Paint and Glass Company. $50,000. insured j
for $23,000; Thomas & Ellis Furniture i
Company, damage estimated at $10,003, in- i
surance $5000; Rick Furniture Company, 1
damaged $10,000: A. P. Blackwall, paper,
etc., damaged $5000, insurance full; Devee ••
Study, $5000, insured: Guy Sumpter, two
buildings, loss $16,000, insurance $$000: mis- I
ccllaneous losses estimated at $1000 and
small insurance.
The fire started in th© oil department of
the Hamilton Paint and Glass Company I
by an employe stepping on a match on !
the floor and ignitinz it.
PRESIDENT ANNOUNCES
XhDKKM, APPOINTMENTS
Former Governor McCord of Arizona
Is Selected as United States
Marshal.
The men were surrendered to the cus
tody of the United States Marshal, but a
few minutes later they were taken be
fcre Judge McComb on a writ of ha
beas corpus. T^ie writ was denied by the
Judge arjd Rose took an appeal. The
bends of the four defendants were then
renewed and they were at once released.
The matter will now be taken before the
Supreme Court in Washington, but can
nct be argued before fall, as the Supreme
Court does not meet- until October. The
questions at issue are the validity of the
indictments of the defendants by the
Grand Jury at Savannah and the ques
tion of jurisdiction.
Steps on a match
AND STARTS BIG BLAZE
Employe in Texas Establishment the
Cause of a Ninety-Thousand-
Dollar Fire.
NEW YORK. June 8.— Abram J. Rose, I
counsel for Captain Benjamin D. Green, 1
John F.. William T. and Edwin H. Gay- I
nor. accused of conspiracy with former i
Captain Carter, U. S. A., to defraud the !
Goxcniment in connection with Southern |
harbor improvements, made a move to- '
day to question the validity of the indict- i
rcent before the United States Supreme !
Ccurt. He did this by revoking the bail '¦
bends under which the four men were \
held for their appearance to stand trial in !
Savannaii, Ga. j
Men Alleged to Have Conspired With
Captain Carter Are Sseking
a Vindication.
IXDICTMEKTS VAT,TT>TTY
IS MADE THE ISSUE
WASHINGTON, June 8.— The Secretary I
of the Xavy to-day approved the recom
mendations of the Naval Board of Awards
concerning medals of honor and lettars of
commendation to a number of officers and
men of the navy and marine corps who
distinguished themselves during the cam
paijn in China. Secretary Long's action
did cot go outsid© of the China recom
mendations, and he will not pass on the
Santiago medals until the return of As
sistant Secretary Hackett The honors
approved by the Secretary are as follows:
Ensign E. C. Pettingill, U. S. N.. letter i
of commendation for his skill, courage '
and efficiency at the battle at Tientsin, j
Kr.sign A. II. Marthy, U. S. N., to receive
a very highly commendatory letter from
the Navy Department for his skHl, cour
age and good judgment in handling his
vessel, the gunboat Calamianes, in the
Augusan River, Mindanao, February 2G.
M01, and the successful carrying out of
the object of the expedition. The board
"regrtts that under the law no greater
reward can be given this promising young
officer. His exhibition of professional
skiil and nerve on this occasion appeals
most forcibly to its favorable considera
tion."
Major George Richards, U. S. M. C. to
be brevetted lieutenant colonel from July
13. 1900, for distinguished conduct in the
presence of the enemy at the battle of
Tientsin.
Captain tf. H. Hall, U. S. M. C. to be
brevetted Major from August 14, 1900, for
distinguished conduct in the presence of
the enemy at the siege of Peking from the
20th cf June to the 14th of August, 1303,
both dates inclusive.
Captains Phillip M. Bannon, B. H. Ful
ler, Charles G. Long and First Lieutenant
Kcbert F. Wynne to be commended in,
general orders for their gallant, mert
toricus and courageous conduct in the
battle of Tientsin.
The list also includes thirty-seven non
commissioned officers and privates, who
p.re awarded medals of honor and letters
of commendation for distinguished con
n-act during various stages of the siege of
Peking, chiefly in erecting barricades un
der heavy fire.
Heroes in China Opera
tions Commended
for Valor.
Navy Department Recognizes
Services of Officers and -
Men.
BRAVE ENSIGNS
GIVEN HONORS
COLORADO , SPRJNGg, iColb.v June ) 8.^
•.Vlce"President -Theodore^ Roosevelt . has
promised to visit Colorado Springs in Au-
Boosevelt Will iVisit Colorado.
And- every . suit of the ' Brown' .Clothing
Company will be sold. " P. C.-. Kelly, as
signee, . promised ; to .sell ¦ men's suits
for $4 65 and has : kept his word^wlth the
public and will continue to do so.' Every,
garment .will ; be : sold .before the account
ing, is made," in two weeks..You will easily
see that there is.but little time to dispose
of ; this large stock' of clothing. ' Of course
the inducements will be better right along,
yefthe selections are the best for you the
earlier. you ; come and' get t it. -A ?20 : all
wool ¦ men's suit • for • only , $4 63 a < suit i at
the assignee "clothing, sale; of : the; I>oston,
773 Market street, near. Fourth.; ¦¦ x,-:*\
Only, Two .Weeks More
On andfafter Sunday," June 9,, the Santa
Fe i route',- trains will • leave i and arrive at
San " Francisco -.as follows : : Calif ornia
Limited ; will ; leave San Francisco 'at 9 a.
m.v Monday and Thursdays, v Correspond
ing train will arrive ; 5:55'p.- m.; ; Tuesdays
and ' . Fridays. ' . Overland X Express . ; will
leave 8 p. ; m. : daily.' v Corresponding train
will: arrive: 5:55!". p. m> daily." • Bakersfleld
Local- will: leave 7:20, a. m.'daily. iCorre
sponding,train,will arrive S:40 a.<m: daily.
Fresno • Local - will ¦ leave A :20 p. ¦ m.." ' daily.
Corresponding, train will arrive 12:30 p.m.;
daily. -. This train. has heretofore only, run
to ; Stockton l but will hereafter run l to' and
from Fresno. ... V, -' .;"f ' . . •..
Important Change of • Time.
• ' LONDON, • June 8.— Mme. < Sarah ¦ Bern
hardt ' informed a correspondent < to-day
that there ; is /still •-: some < doubt as , to
whether • she will . play, Romeo to * Maud
Adams', Juliet. V Her account ; of ! the offer
was made Jokingly, but was* taken seri
ously. Mme. * Sarah ; Bernhardt adds: . ¦ : > '
"I , would . love to ¦ play Romeo In* Eng
lish, but I scarcely think I could ever suf
ficiently, master 'Bnglish to; do so." •.".'•' ¦}*
-When. Charles . Frohman heard 'what
Mme." Bernhardt > had- said ; he .was much
disturbed. .;•¦ -.-> .'¦¦—< v , »,r
¦ "Bernhardt t herself," said " . Frohman,
"suggested the idea;, and she appeared , to
do.it in all seriousness.,;. She; had before
her, a copy of the part in English. I said,
The Famous Tragedienne
May Not Play Romeo
in English.
DIVINE SARAH
CHANCES MIND
The recent Chinese war, the^cbrre-
Bpondent adds, has clearly demonstrated
that tiie United States is unwilling to
BERLIN, June 8.— Great importance is
attached here to anti-German utterances
on the part of the American press. Scores
of papers have referred to the subject
this week, but a correspondent' of the
Frankfurter Zeitung has been * pointing
out that it is better not to atach grave
¦weight to the wholly unfettered utter
ances of the American press., declaring
that the Americans do not want war with
Germany and saying that they are a thor
oughly peace-loving people. .
Press Comment in Amer
ica Disturbs the
Germans.
KAISER'S PEOPLE
ARE IRRITATED
'.-• ST. PAUL," Minn., June 8.— Although, the
biennial convention, or head camp, of the
Modern • Woodmen of America, does not
begin its regular " business ¦ until Tuesday
morning,- the ,city is; already taking on
signs of activity; . along - Woodmen . lines.
•The advance " guard of, the Los '¦ Angeles,
Cal.r delegation : arrived " to-day, and • has
already. begun to work -for its city for the
meeting In 1905.. Denver is active.in pur
suit of the same honor. :
Modern, "Woodmen Assembling.
gust- for the purpose of attending the
quarto-centennial celebration. Telegrams
were sent . to him by Senator Patterson.
Governor . Orman and Chairman Smith of
the Democratic - State { Central Commit
tee urging him to come. He will probably
make several speeches. .Afterward he will
go trout flshlngr. .¦¦¦¦.¦
Frohman says that Edna May will next
season • appear under, the ¦ join* manage
ment of himself, and . of George ; Edwards.
'Why don't you do it in French ?v but
Mme. Bernhardt said: ;.'I 4 shall 1 do it in
English. I have it here. . I shall learn it.'
"So convinced ! > was ,- 1 that Grau .and I
talked over all. the arrangements, ' even to
the minutest details of the expenses. Now
she appears to have changed her mind
about * her : ability to learn the part. " .Why,
I cannot . think. • But I - am perfectly will
ing to make the same arrangements and
let .the performance '-¦¦ take place In
French*.!' ' , r ¦¦<' ' :•¦¦••-- ¦:,-.'¦- «. •• • . .
"Germany has not had any - Interest!
but economic interests* to serve in Bra
zil. This, is well "known to the Brazilian
Government. The Interest which : Ger
many-.lakes in the Germans in Brazil,'
who have nearly all acquired Brazilian
citizenship, • is legitimate and natural,
and largely because they have remained
good customers for the German export
trade."- • , . . _\
Regarding politics,. Baron Rlobranco;
the Brazilian Minister, said:\ >
I "While the Germans in the three south
ern provinces, Rio do Sul, Santa Cathar
ina and Parana, are numerous and exert
a certain influence, the Brazilian popula
tion is in the majority and Brazilian po
litical influence is dominant. The Hanse
atic Colonization . Company, which alone
systematically encourages German immi
gration to the extensive lands it has ac
quired, cannot find Germans to settle
there and has been forced to send for
Swiss, Austrians,. Russians .andveven
Boers. • The : talk - about ¦ German designs
upon : Brazil r is the merest twaddle." -
plunge Into foreign adventures, and the
Washington administration is undoubted
ly moat unfriendly to Germany. The
correspondent next claims that the Ger
man press is In part more friendly to the
United States, instancing a number of
cases.; ¦ ',; . .... ,v .. .,' . : .'
'¦¦ Regarding- the relations between Ger
many and Brazil a correspondent" has in
terviewed the ' Brazilian Minister here,
who said' in emphatic terms: . ¦ :
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, SUNDAY,: JirNiE 9, 1901i
17
THE EMPOBIUM. |. THE EMPORIUM. ; : | J ,THE J EMPOBIUM. - - | THE EMPORIUM. ¦ . | - THE EMPOBITJM.^ v-{ -> ; |: THE EMPORITTMi
~ . — -^-^. —^ ~~~~~>~~- — ¦ — ¦?¦•—¦ ¦¦ — ,•*; — : ~~": — r""T"~^ — *!*~ tt~. ¦<•¦¦-¦> — - -_~.~ ; — -~- — ¦-:——¦ — ~ ~>~^* ~~~ — ; py""""*^ — ; : '. : — ¦ ¦ . .' : . -.-i-m., ¦
Kid and Tan Russian Calf, hand- g we describe and quote incomparably /-low pHccs for 1 2c items of this season's most, reliable v^^S c ¥ ice > f ™y*y ] *?°?**s^$??
turned and Goodyear welt extension •? . -, __. , ¦ _-. _, ".i_ r i,"- : , - ., ,- - ' ' . : . " . ; .,' ,--., "-. , • , X .photographs until June 25th for^
soH.ncw modern toe and tip,* Summer Merchandiser Glance^ overthe see if there is: an article in ; the ;list; that y
Cuban heel, regmlar'y $3.50— onj. Then figure the savings that you can make if you buy at the bijl store. * , /. "-*'•* ; c f ous cff=r aTe s! vcn in a> hands ° me
special sale Monday only — all sizes K , . ¦ ' .- '. * • - ' ... . - .. . „ \ j^ circular letter which has been mailed
and widths ( j 2f ft • I . __ S tiiousanas 01 womrn. rl2\e you
French Pcriumss — Girard|Boys' Wash Suits— Fa*t- WSHK FBAKM^S^H H IlkJI Mexican SIraw Hats— The|j^"rV^I n - crash Suits
word-famed Violet; French extracts g boys 3 to 10 years of age, well H 88^ "' Ai^^» ' ' I W M h«vy suver braid tnmmmgs; fcr- J era; M pants have belt retainers, -well
of this qualty generally retail from g ma d e , dependable suits, worth up to JPIt tfttdTftf M%^>«m 1B^ B»M^». ftil "W.S* 2± ¦?- T mcrI y sold at $1.25 each. S9c* shrunken and wide hem at bottom
Z&& %?. ,?'."j£to} "°°' °" FiCe ••¦-: • -I!' 7 * CALIFORNIA'S URGEST-AMERICyS GRANDEST gTORE **. 'TT^^ , ,| "^""^'.Sss
Ge !^ e :^jS^| Special Throe- Day Clearance Sale of ¦': 'l^n^o^I^^
Iila« Vm- a\n Violrt made* ¦ ¦' - " - ?^ — ' ¦"- -*^ ' . " ' -' .' • ¦ • Jt are extra strongV made, with double
to se:i for 75c our price. , G 5O \ BiSkOU aiUM CotOrBti Di*BSS GOOtfS. I reSne^dS P g iy *%?l££t
Mme.- Id&tinc Face Cream— J On some lines We have overbought. . In two months more we shall begin to receive our Fall stocks, and|\ kcts * '¦« $4.35
v vMBtLw 8 sunburn .of '-. waiting 'until the las* moment" 'and .then cutting prices to clear out the surplus of the Summer G6bds,£f 'Other trades 46.50 and $7.50.-
skin positively harmless \nr.SO& *^ we make decp cutS now tnat wi^ material 'y redl ? ce our stocks w"hin tfce next thfee days. We offer a most attractive lot of bargains m Dress Gcods^-the jj Firelight ClgZirS, 10 for 25C— - ¦ -
'- # " 'OtfS j. most p O p u i ar and'desirable fabrics for summer wear that were shown this . season.'* They, were excellent values at the regular prices (much under what you cou'djj A well known and well liked brand*
Traveling % R0lIS — Leather- Jieasonably expect) ; they are money savers par excellence at the prices fcr the next three (days. .'' \ '_ v 7.^1'- * § on special sale at above -prices all
bound canvas, wi 1 hold all your toi- Ju6-in C h French Vcil'c . (Etammz)— Very desirabV for, 'SS 38-inch Series and Chevfot Mfartvrcs— A'l-wool fabrics, « this week*.
let jequisites, neat and compact .... swell street and calling gowns in reseda, old rose,' '— •.. " /f^t^^r ¦ g c °d quality in- twenty new shades and mixtures, 5 ci^fn*"- Ct 90 A "' f
•"•.••• $1.00% pea4 gray, French blue, mvy, etc., &« 40 &!> ' »5^S regular price 50c and- 60c per yard, sale OAa 3i V w f L^— ASWTC-
ColkmsilM CUDS Made of 5' regu'ar price. $1.50 per yd., wle price §*•*£ &k . '' ' £** WMK prke. ... ........ .-. ....... .'. ... 39C* \ d . Iot ofwtsh .hrts; most of .them
"SK S S -t^t4|30-in^ S i-s4edUlicU^ B» |^^xg^^p^^SS!« a^ !3Z SST «£\^
non-corrosive/each 25ct quaUty with wide, feath;r-edge.s:ripes in a beautiful • . ¦ Ofc v/|«^^ m twenty different .styles and co'onngs, regular pneejf a _ d embr -j derv . iceu]a _ Iv ± f
K 1 • 1/ * • c f aG * collection of designs, regularly gi. 00 per — Ojrm Pb|x /Ml lW/lK!l 5 oc and 6oc per yard, sale price. ..-,..; lid t^Z ' J\o L
Excelsior Fountain Syrmgc— S- yar d, -i«i e price ' - . 78C ¦ k^jkgP &UlM. itwIllf^^Mi .........'..........¦.....: .- and * 3 ' oo > .^- rat to g „
z-quart capacity, with 3 hard rub- JE n - ¦ , rr'' i/!®V' \l llfl!^' - 36-inch English Coihmcre and Fancy Suitings— In a large* * * *, &MmdS&
ber pipes, quahty as good as any ft*"* French Voile (Etominc)-Al wool, splendid • ,^MM| g ass:rtment, suitabY for children's, dresles, Volflhe Delineator for July IS
R^thynd r an^ Prm^ ?i^S P ' $ V } ' P ' ' C * Mi P^ 52-inch • BlacK Bvntmg-- An" excellent' quality, and ¦«« remarkable numbers yet issued. A
StoA^S »"in C 5S e JS|«^ h 1 M - d V «dians and Popins-AU. wool abrics, I Y^W W B S P Iendid of b'ack, very ,desirab?e J bathin g | . , IcDdidIy ilhstTZ J artide on the ¦
Td aTan-wsrve 0*1 * m a la^ge assortment of new stylish mix- V \ 'Wl^MlM H IS suit-, waists or seprratesk-ns, regular price aa^ Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo
and tan, a n.w style 25C» tures, regular prce $1.00 per yd.,sale price #^«r-K f/^^^UmA Wffg- \*i.oo per yard, sale price. OSfC« is a feature . of .this issue, and will be
NCW Lme Of Purses — Finger j^46-inch Serges and Mixed Svitinas— Strict'y all-wool, 1 8 ' J^^X 38-inch BlacK Figured Luster— Priestley's make, fine.* followed by other articles* on this
purses and ladies' combination pock- J colors and mixtures, very desirable for out'ng wear, yr N -*''>v '^fwl/MMkljll e——'' ' ua %» ver y bright and lustrous, in s : x handsome $ 'subject in the succeeding ; numbers.
etbooks, in the new walrus grain Jk* regu'ar price 75c per yard, sale' price .... BZ*%g% l N^ y^J^S^iiih^ ' patterns/ regular price per yard 75c, sale gSJBg+% The fashion illustrations and articles
leather, seals, morocco and alligator, '..... . . • price ....... . . . y. .". . m fMm ¦ ZIC thoroughly seasonable and : in all
well made and durable . Q Qq g ; - ~ ; : ~ : — — — — — : — — : — — j{ particulars up-to-date. Price* of The
Pinc-Needie Cushions — For £ Remarkable Sale Carpets, Furniture and Rugs,l
r l j c tS J". >'mm'am • •» mmm m, m . . ¦ ¦ • - ¦ ¦ • - ¦¦.-'¦¦.. .--•;: • mm - 'Si. per year, single copiC3 gOOm Inc
. Wash Fabrics. .' . Q«*i*y; styles uw prices. ¦¦-, :, ., j ,pdh«« » ***.**.»»
vermin-proof, recommended for^ Many lines of this season's much-in-demaiid stylish and durabh wash goo J s, Go>d Tapest y Carpets— Br'ght, cheerful. patterns; fbrparlora, dining-room, bedroom, _-, ' 5 cnck ,f Jtt:ern r e P ai^ ment » mal11
pulmonary and nervous diseases; the on sale Monday at prices never thought of before. . . . ' also hall and star eeigns; at the very . r e ial P r« prr yard. ....../ 3BC* floor, where a fashion sheet and cata-
fiber has a fragrantand soothing odor, 5 50c Satin Striped ChaHics-Imported goo«, in a splendid range of new co'orings, — Q Roxbury Tapestry Brussels-The khd with the snip ra th; back; good,"chirrful * _ )t . S uc L wlU , bc^urmsned upon applica-
, ,. ° , c . l \ti KC!le:ty washable, for to-moirow's sr'ling, per vard mSt»Vl nattcrns- our SDerin' nrice rer vard • :' : . . t£r»C$ tion free Ot charge.
and cushions made of it are restful $ 35c Va £ F ou'«rds-Ju t from the makers in Muhous., AW, rich re-. v bu,, nile, %*& , $m$&$&^^l^ ri"rrry";:-V;^^^^M lu a F««««* CW« T7 1
and invigorating; 4 sizes 18,22,^ navy, black, etc., grounds, at half pr.'ce for to-morrow's ssliing, per yard.. B&G Axmmst r Carp:ti— A ds:p, heavy pj.e carpet in fi teen choice pattern; worth^.^^ g%/%% A " 8 EmpreSS alOVe-^ rOrla-
24and 26 inches, pr.ee according toy25c and 30c White Piques— The r.ew open-work weave, also plain cor.'s and fincy, > f 1 40 prr jar.; cur sp:cal price.- .......: .'.\: . ': 9' .VU"^ dies; over-seamed, Glace kid, light
S ; Z- % Of* #« 2*m *" to - morrow ' s P rice for ) our fhoicc > P- r > ard : '..-....:.. 15& fnoleums— Ma 'e of an exceUent quality . of pulvenzii cork and Unseed oil- desirabV _ £ weight, with two clasps and new
* * WC tU Vl.mGa Ot Percales and Wrapper Calioes-In mrdlum,, dark and light cAcrln Zi , Jarge die patterns; psr squ^ie yard,.:... V. ....;.. .; 45C% emb-oide-ed backs- a dress elovc th-
Ruffled Muslin Curtains i« variety o: good stvlet, your pick Monday, per vard..- 64G ,. ,,. ¦ ' ' ;.. J. " . . . . v , j ' % cmD.ome.eaDacics, a dress glove, tn-
IVUlllKU i iVillU V/l/liaUK> * j 2^c an d 15c Dorretiic Foulards- A good wearing, high class, washable suiting, cjpiel - Liren Waq> Ma'.t ngs-Fme Japaness ma :e; our own :m reversible; doub e n j| .perfrction of fit and finish; all colors
L'ght, summer, airy cottage curtains, J trom the ibxign mikes, pries for to-morrow, per yard ...... 9C 3 dye art carpet patterns; worth 30c P :r yard; our sp:cnl p.ice. m€UD}i < $f QO
3 yards long, 40 inches wide, dots, »? . — : 1 __: Carpet Rugs -Made m from remnant of Bo y B-ussel«, Tape-'try anl Ax- ' £ t1 m 9 ' '* . ¦ _"^ *.
sprays and neat figured designs, per J (ggggj§^^£3'ggl 1 _ J&nfbmfflllm 0 *!?* SkmtmiSS* mTM'ff minster Carpetsj size 9x6 feet, $7.25; sizs 12x8 feet 3 inchfs $»a3m25 \g LinSIl CfZlSh flZltS — For bOVS
pair SfaOO^ *~~%4£S^^~iS^-^ mrmmm^MmmmVmyB V0lfC7 %Mm • Mattin* Rugs — Brautiful art designs mife up from tht finest quality of straw; nnn% an<^ men ** or out ' n g purposes — In
. . . c . . ~ - i 'S2 L tW^fiSiJicvi fig%n%fmr*imTah§tF*rii R&tmS&Qt 7«3 6inchci ; 1 F»- c . • .........; SloSSJx fancy colors, very light and ' cool;
Onental Stripes— For qoz,| \ £*0Cm&» B^ d LauntfO _ A convtnIent stvle , • _.---• * each .-ZSc
comers, pillow tops, cpuch covers, fl(f||- The big itcre offers for Monday only the following K'"™*. that angers for a cou* outing 2 fhiMrpn^ rnttnn • TTn^r— t v 1
drarjeries etc A. handsome Datttrn* %? *' : E ' r* • 1 it ¦ 1 1 1 i-v • • 1, the da/ and a bed ¦ at . night: well • made xf^fc4C>V>5?s ><.>-&;• &-^>^> I JIvniluTenS lOUOu I105C IX I
rS^i'vJi^^SSnig Ul'Mi copyright books m good c oth bind:ng; artistically and nok & d Jn J 3 \ ot:nrn , of /^V^^^^d j« rlbbtd, guaranteed fast black, doub:e
a special gOOl\aiue, per vara£j|^^» * U stamp d siies and hack: works by popukr autnors th it have colors cf exc-Uent v-lours- C^^J'^S^^rV^I^^^^^^^O, « 1 1 j 1 11 • T.
RasKetworlC Belts For \* x 'M IB ' < M <™^ f ° r f^™ i t*-sZ«^^»^
BaSKeiWOrK CeilS— hOr la- « &1>VV morrow fcr the few hundred voumei on ha :d, each __ «•„,„ Di.« R.^«« m «..•*. r m . V, JlI" 1 L. Z. J J? tmfh Ti C1 "' e 5 tn ?^ > T™ f£*C
d«j«™™dtacki 2 .4««w ff id*|LH USM: •¦¦¦• ..^...........,......:....^Oc y^l^r^; >^ r V ~ "I ; Ladies . )Novehy . H ose-;m-
,,cd S h,p 5 , U« or bl,ck. .11 «S%^^=^ I |orrow f o, The.S.wcrj-^^.j.^ |^^^;^^,^ ¦ _ ,.- J. d jj^,^ Bkck CottonH(KC
lj ............. aUCZ .;.-';.•.. Marchmont. \ ; *' Young. Mlstley -^Merrl- : '*£& r , w ,' m -» -^ v-««t ; mnr.r, 30x40 inches. Thi, sp.tn id jet u worth r^ OJ * TsH with vvhi te fi eures or vertical stripes
T,J^^»CU'U,»«4n. gA Dash for a Throne- Pride of Jennico-Castle. man.' . '. our specnt price ................;. $28.75$ «im wnnc ngurcs or vertical snipes,
1 aClC S lireSS DnieluS and Fro- Z Marchmont. Soldier of Fortune— Davis. Agatha Webb-Green. ¦' Pa-l-r Rcckws in ml^i oi't anH m ,H^,n.. n,'Ui, j . jj- 1 ? ¦* F er P alr 25C
* «?«- T ?. A Gentleman of France— Under the Red Robe— Gentlemen Player— .. r K cc * ers _ ln goKcn. oat and imhogany; po.ishrd sadd e seat; excel ent ¦'#»"#»*»«..*• \ tr * •
teCtOF TO Wear .With J .Weyman. . • ' Weyman. Stephens.' - ¦ " n« 5 , worth fom f 7.50 to f 9.00; choice this wee z $O« 1717 j* LadlCS COttOIl VCSlS-^RjCh 3 -
shirt waists, a complete garment, to I^Sis^?" 1 "' Zenda- Zitka-MaTil^Corefli" 6 ' ¦'* the GcldtnOaV Chfforier with a French p'are mirror; 5 large commodious draw- "'• __.J lieu ribbed, low neck, no s'eeves,
be worn under corset; protects that J_ H 0P e - J. _, — Forest I^vers-Hewlltt.' "The Lady or the Tiger. e«; a very special va.u: at th-s wee'-c's price. ..;...... ,. $Oi /5 "<« nicely finished around neck and arm
garmentas well as dress, waist and | C tS" Dra^ ~ S^J^S^Ii^^UiSSSSG^ O.k Fcldint Bzd w.h a large French P Ve mirror;^ 3 6x, 8 inche, ; double- __J wiTX tape, ecru
sleeves from prrspiration; does away | Sherl ° Ck ~ P fu C .Sft J'Sfc 1^ "" C S^SJK T^ r ' T' l35 '.°° J ™ >««¦'¦ ¦-.- '$ 23 - 75 >i white, each JQC
with the inconvenience of sewingand I A^y of. Quality-Bur- I^o-A^Ujo^Hop, .R K^ Nye , W^^^W^^M^^^^^^^^M^^Xci^^. Snh^FoT
taKing out orcss snicids. .... —f *5rf* 2» 1 » ~ ~ - ~ • • , - • t . .. / ¦ «r ¦ ¦ • . . , ,.•••,.,• ,
*****% Cm»mmm*SmmM C«l« «r mm mm -•¦ ¦' - m ¦ -» Z — " — ~" 1 ~ — ' [ — — \ « summer— Lisle • thread, high neck,
Ladies' Leghorn Hats— Whi:e i ppecmi aaie or ' monil&y Sale Vacation Needs— S i ong cr s wt sleeves, and low neck
ony, we™ $1.25 and $1.65, now$ Gatnpiitff Supplies* • F"fb 4 & m &Bm* ' Ladies'— Children's J& with no s!ecvcs » ccru or whits - ••••
•• 45g£- T "/ «nu.uil v valaes in good, e, pe'eial y ' - L2B9®rty &£tii€« . ¦ .Rubier Bathing Cap,_Pure Para gum. 5/? C j5 ' '"' '"50C
Bbck Leghorn HatS-Were IfiS^r 701 ?' F ° r For to-morrow the greats special in this class of goois rt.t we^ have yet been ? g G S% T •" — -fgo J S h IP t .. " Waist ¦ SuilS^- New.
51.25, 5i.5o,Si.75. now..^5 C JTwo a,e, Illquartcr B!anket $ -New dark- fortunate: enough tb off.r our custom rrs. Tr.e 40c quaky of Liberty Silk, SSs^^B^fer^lIioS Chambray Shirt Waist Sm^oxblood,
Paper Picnic PlateS, 5 C Der| i^tl^liiS^ I'S thW most use ' ul lateral for evening dress rs, waiss, rufflings and millinery Twnite b'Jd anTTnSLSlTut
dcz=n, 35© P" hundred. Wood? transit -to-mo, row, per pa> 98O F^po,,^ in ao of the mort popular co'orrnjs,. including th, nrwe.t p.tAadsj'aso ba.k, »«^ Ap-on, for hdje, $LO»$ •» wkebwd and small pearl but-
Platesfor picnics, Wo per dozen. *66 dozen Pillow Cafe-Made from rem- Ijpf^? — j b-, » stor> pupe , e:c ., luU 4O inchrs wi . e . sp . cVj \m>*~ So^LfaS^wE'te^-'ifiS tons flaring flounce skirt;, easdy worth
5OC per 'hunoKd. i ™« of «tetJ»g. unbleached and hal, M ~ nd " °^' *" d '-- • •¦ •• ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ v '¦¦¦•¦¦ £& w«h SSt Liu, tl Ve 4!. i/jSl double to make; jpeciaL this week
Men's Summer Underwear * ¦ «>>«hej— to-mor»w »t t» than o — — ,:..-." r" ¦ , • ; m ¦ _ m -. chiton's s un Bonnets.... /...... ...25ox • " -3>4.S5
£ zyr^.. u "^ rwe M;— 5? value of mat.iiai, each 9e ff£ g%f%ri twVkm£*g*B*B6* JB Z&B9fff B Sanaa**— *st La ies> Sun Bo -» ncts • • V. . . . " 5^o? W 00 152 50 X3 00 Shfrt Waf^t<:
Fine ribbed, light we ght, in blue, JCraih Towelng-Fine thread, neat bhie bor- !*€#«#•# Vtr9UPUf&§rB&9 <S§BEtU tLigjgSMGr&a children's Wa ; h Su or Suits . &° 5° 3 >UU » MITl WOISIS
sa'mon, balbriggan and black, ag der.'astsch-eiges, 2000 yards cny-on This department of 'the big storema^s^spccUlty of" supplying campers ChuJrenV.r-wool S»mm : r c4h.V.',f3!«5 J " '' ''J 0 ."! 8 ™^ If °. f " D j rb 7'"
splendid value, per garment Mon<Ja y b X the P«e or yard, per 1 > j \-i j -r- ' ppy g campers L]iiM . TennsSk-rts... /.*/. ¦ . wffOoX "Knickerbocker," Trojan and many
M » P « ir •.^ C#C 1 y ard - : . ........ 5C and picnickers. Let us send you a trial order, if you are not already one of our La lies'. Turkhh Bath Set,:.. ...... $5 w qq 5 other best brands of fine Shirt Waists,
i^VenS fancy iOCKS— A Very rartMfefcfcrattfc^roaMfcttirathousan^ ot grocery customers. : We are sa-e we can win your permanent trade. *fc^*****«Wira«*^'«***tti^ all sizes in the entire lot, but not every ¦
pretty hne in stripe, open-work or y -. c w a |- r - p n jfBest Btccn -Eastern" Sug>i ; Cured, the lean Pin't Beans-B«t q»l ty, 10 Jb\'. . . . 25o Spnitrnvoil Ttii^Iv '^ZJs'OizSt* size of each kind; altogether the best
lace effects, per pair...;... 25C ™ c , - - E break fa,t kind- Monday, per m -. WalruU-Fine,r ; guaryisc-Monda / ,lb.//o^ tn 8 raVCa WraS— IOO StHCt- " Shirt Waist bariin of the season-
r . mn c tnn1c o . ruT.r men, fancy hcn:ycomb stitching, ing ,o.nd...., I5>JO Salmon -Choke A aska, 3 tins.. 25aZ lv high grade visiting card'; (Crane's Wast bargain ot tlxe season,
Ump M001S and Chair:— a i arg= assortment o f patterns andf Flowing Soap-White a.b, equal to ivor,_ P6rtfc&hen^\^fe ' fincy stnpes, solid colors and white;
Camp Stoos with canvas • seats, co brings, str ictly all wo^l,^ made in* T Mo f^ \ ba?s •...•....-,.... . 25o that «•;. regular y at * i. s i- tt f kS name Vn'y ¦ .* Jz&nri aI1 at one P nce $1.5Q
2Oc: with canvas scat and back, the best Dossibl- manner ** 00 2^ Tcinatocs ' Bes: "^ard quaLty—Moniav. 3 per gallon, Mon 'a;.... .... &1.UZ2* ' J •/•. < V««WW- « Friltf "Tar* 'Rarrpr
?*/ Lawn Chairs hardwood i best possibl- manner, tins. ....:;....: 21c Cream RyeWhi.key-Regulary $1.15 bo-SAlarm Clock — Nirk f>~\- 5ri ' MaSOn rrU ? 1 •««-— Better
JOCm mra^ooa,. $3.50 and $4.00. SAn'md Cracke-s-Fre S h anl cr. P , regua-l, t*_ Monday.; OOcx r V/lOCKr—lMCKei, 30 than ever; .pints, per dozen, 75c;
!!- c nVaS u ' ** » I iu n 1* r- «C Hclb-Mondav..... '..../...... Wo Fruit Syrups-Pure }v^rju- c « «:;^, regu-* hours ; 4-^ch dia;. guaranteed good quarts, ooc; half gallons, $1.25.
$1.00, Same, wnh arms, Men s Lealher Belts — Fromjstrykersv smd sca?- 7 bars/. ..-.. 25o . -.1*1' 55: a bot-ie— Monday........ .4 so J timekeeper ............. 70{* Lemonade Sc t-^-Frosted
belt and abdominal pad, plain or suede, in tan, black, gray, mottled RVS5KU1 Iron Cvcn— Dill bie . ' Melfe C a DV a S ShOCS — ¦ ofcrram paper, smooth surface bargain at the pnce $1.08
frilled clastic sides, patent button green, etc.,- from 25c to $1.50. wall; 13 inches square; good even " Wh : te or, gray,, broad, com for .able 9 r '^n nnish; ruled or plain; with " JeUy. Tumblers— Extra grade,
catch; black, only 50c; pink, blue, ¥ ,. , c « .baker; regularly $2.00; our special * tee, well-made, .stylish /shoe, r;gu- 2 ,5 octavo size envelopes to with tin cover; per dozen. .35 G ¦
cardinal and bkck in better grade ..: ; Summer CorSet— .price, which is cheaper th n fora , larly per pair. Monday "any match; Monday only. . . IQC BfilTV Set — Imitation CUt
.....: fe 75c -^^W
70 Pieces Wash- Silks — ? ees ' Jacc ; :rmmcd tc P--" Sleeve Iron— F o r ¦ s h ir t Girls' Wash Dresses— Wes w * u made Mexican »>»* :Ham- . complete set., S5o •
Stripes and plaids, in full assortment f^m^^mM^WM^^^ 7 * "?- ¦ ! LadlCS' AU-LfalCn Handkcr- ,
of popular colorings, such as pink, WlCklcSS Oil StOVC— 2 bum- mova Wc handles, sold in manypWes ¦ -Lpicc,.- suhs ,. yoke trimmed wit n j -...>. v ,>;. .¦...•.,::....... .ff5C : chiels-Sheer ind dainty; with an,
blue, lavender, rose color, Nile. ers; ;sa f e and economical; •; an im- lor -7S c l °" r special price. . 3OC , rows of lace; ruffle around yoke and Women's XanvaS TieS— Me- • average of 3 yards of fine Va!en T
green, also plenty solid white, an proved up to-date article; sold rega- Water Filters— -S an j l/a ry ' ; - across^ back, : ycke, ; cellar -and cuffs d urn high --heel,;, .flexible hand- . dennesMace and edging on one style;
excellent quality for the price, per hrly at 59.50; fuily guaranteed at stone filters in two parts, very': efFec-% .edged with lace, p:arl buttons^ lock- • turnei so!e, new ccin to;?, kid lined, • «nd 29 other styles equally as good;
yard. .:.. -500 - : our special price. . . : ; ~.&7*85 ' tive,. small 'sizes ..-¦... &2* m &5 -~ ' it tcK'-sswingV. :.':'.' :..:V. 75c * U sizcs > P cr P*"". . . • . . $1*47 very special values, each.-. . .St5G
¦| PENNSYLVANIA. SYSTEM i of Rail-
ways. - Offlce-^30 Montgomery • street .? *
ADVESTISEHENTa
FORTUNES
in CINNABAR
Bradford Quicksilver Mine,
San licnito County.
Silver Creek Quicksilver Mine,
Santa Clara County.
Both mines are under one management and
ownership. Now taking out ore that goes from
•12 to J^jO per ton. Ore eaoush taken out and
developed in both mines to run furnaces for
ever three years. We own 504 acres of land
all paid for and title perfect, U. S. patent and
Imve had twenty years' experience in quicksil-
ver minim:. We have hoisting works, black-
smith shops, bunk houses, boarding houses and
bams, all kinds of mining machinery and tools,
teams; a shaft down at the Bradford 260 ft. in
ere, and the largest ledge in any country; then
we have about 5000 ft. of tunnels and 10C0 cords
r>t wood, cut for the furnaces, and at Silver
Creek e !arg« Scott tile furnace is nearly com--
X>lcted at a cost of 110.000. and -we want to
erect another one immediately at the Bradford
mine, so we offer the balance of the treasury
etock for this purpose for a Bhort time only at
75c per share for Silver Creek and SOc for Brad-
ford. No nock sold unless equal amount in
each Is taken, and we guarantee that Silver
Creek ciock will advance inside of 30 days on
fon'.jJfclion of furnace, * and if as good a mine
as the Almaden Is actually worth $200 per
share. H. 11. BRADFORD,
Managing Owner.
7 North Market tt., San Jose.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch offl:e, 413
Beamy st.. Son Francisco.
F. DE TREITAS. A^ent . ,
J| ALESSON
#9 IN ECONOMY.
jjCgv. 'An opportunity to
/¦mjl • have a Tailor-Made'
' '' ' / \ *S»f « Sult or Ra«laji fully
/ >W <3tt<R ' 23 per cent less than
ft-/ Xj*y N. 1» charged by other
V^"-*JK HTSjaL tailors la worthy
\rj ot notice. NOW la
/ i . U I the work . done, . aa
I 1 . ¦ V\ . I - '¦• the redaction -• Is
I ! " \\ - II - made In order to
"ff I * % H • B' ve I constant ¦ em-
//' '"J \\« ployment to our ex-
' //j|» i va - perlenced tailors
J jm Vt , durinsr the summer
' ' ft ' *>i. ¦ months. , *
X 1*1 'n «.V TAItOR-aiADB
X -/-/. 5 1|\. SUITS" OR RAG-
L -/w U \\ \ J LANS TO ORDER.
<*- <J^J}^J^ only $24.50
1 Ladies Tailor,
¦ '.Q.-~'tO. 12 Kearnyi Street.
liicliiSfiiiWhat gorgeous dressing .was there 'at
Mrs. • Martin's luncheon in honor of Mary
Scott. . I never saw the girls look so well
• • ' •
. Never was there a ' family more united
than* the Tevis family; never did brothers
show such ¦ decided preferment for each,
other's society, j I am sorry for Mrs. Tev
is, the mother, Mrs. Tevis, the widow,
and his two loving brothers, Dr. Harry
and Will." But most of all I am sorry for.
his little 8-year-old daughter. I shall
never forget how she clung to' him ' and
sobbed when she kissed him good-by as
he went sailing away on his fateful jour
ney. Only 8 'years old. Could one call it
presentiment?. : '¦• vV-
Never .has sympathy been so generally
extended as to the bereaved members of
his family. Hearts have gone out to the
fair young x widow,'_ to his little " orphan
daughter, to his devoted • brothers, but
most of all to hts tender, loving mother,
who on account of recent ill health is but
poorly „ prepared to meet such a severe
shock. '.-
What a tragedy is Hugh Tevis' sudden
death! •
'Miss Dillon's house has not got much
further than the prepared plans as yet. It
is a magnificent lot, though, that Miss Dil
lon has purchased and I feel confident the
home to be erected upon it ¦will be ¦worthy
of the generous and hospitable young hos
tess who Is to occupy It.
People are making pilgrimages to the
vicinity of Washington and Franklin
streets to look upon the magnificent con
servatory that is to be the wonder of the
Dlngee house. Just imagine a ball in that
splendid home and a stroll in that mag
nificent" conservatory t ablaze with elec
tricity. \ i
The Flood mansion is now nearly ready
for occupancy. .The Japanese room, I un
derstand, is to be one of. the most beauti
ful in the house. • The walls are all to be
upholstered in bamboo and the room is to
be stocked with the many art treasures
and rich fabrics the Floods brought with
them on their return from the Orient.
• The Floods, the Spreckelses, the Din
gees, Miss Dillon and the Buckbees are all
famous for their ge'nerous hospitality, and
the homes they are shortly to occupy all
show evidence that they . have been built
to entertain.
" This' Is the way I reason: The Flood
mansion will be finished '. and | occupied.
The Dingees will be in their new house.
Miss Kate May Dillon and her. parents,
Mr. -and - Mrs. Maurice Casey, will have
moved into the elegant mansion that Miss
Dillon is preparing to erect out on Broad
waj\ John D. Spreckels. his charming
wife and fetching daughters will probably
be dispensing . hospitality In - their
palace, .and Mr. and Mrs. Sam Buckbeo
will in all likelihood be occupying the
home now building for. them out on Pacific
avenue. ' ¦ . ¦ . ¦
I AM going to turn prophet even in my
own country and predict that there
will be more elegant home entertain
ments ¦ next season than we have en-
Joyed — well, for . years and years. I
£ave no authority for making this state
ment. | I am simply making deductions and
drawing* my own conclusions.
MISS DOROTHY HETNEMAN f
OF, THIS' CITY . AND MR. ,
STEVENS OF OHIO, WHOSE \
ENGAGEMENT HAS BEEN 'I
ANNOUNCED. *
nor dress so beautifully. I thought tha
handsomest of all the beautiful well
dressed women present was Mrs. Latham
McMullin. She simply looked stunning in
a gown of clinging white crepe. Miss
Alice Hager's gown. I thought, was the
handsomest of all. It was of blue panne
satin and immensely becoming to its
wearer. Miss Hager's hat was fully
worthy of her elegant gown. It was of
blue tulle, with a long blue plume for its
only trimming.
More white dresses were worn at tha
luicheon than I have ever seen before.
Mrs. Will Taylor. Mrs. Gus Taylor and
Miss Georgiana Hopkins were all dressed
in spotless white and, as usual, looked
stut-nlng.
My! but Mrs. Martin did have her ta
bles decorated attractively. The decora
tors showed rare good sense in using
blossoms that were beautiful without be
ing fragrant. The perfume of flowers
often becomes overpowering in a crowded
rcom.
There was considerable discussion as to
which, was the most beautiful of all the
four gorgeously arrayed tables. For my
taste, I preferred the heartsease table,
although I must confess that it did not
light up as well as the tables . decorated
in lishter blossoms. However, It cer
tainly was the most gorgeous table dec
oration that it has ever been my good for
tune to see.
• * •
Spilling from a dark brown basket, yel
low-faced pansies fell | over the sunny
damask into a cool bed of maidenhair
fern and outlining this exquisite center
piece were trailing branches of deep pur
ple clematis. The effect was enchanting
ly artistic. -
I thought that^the prettiest compliment
Mrs. Martin paid to Mrs. Scott was tha
placing of .her photograph on the gor
geous table that occupies the place of
honor in the center of the magnificent ;
drawing-room. There; is nothing small In
this, the truly "company" room, in Mrs.
Martin's home. There are no little blt3
of bric-a-brac to take the eyes from tha
vast , beauties of the apartment. It is
easy to imagine that Miss Scott's photo
graph. In Its delicate silver frame, at
once caught the attention— and held It.
Of course. Walter's picture stood along
side of Mary's.
The prettiest thing I saw at Mrs. Mar
tin's luncheon were Ruth McNutf s pretty
little ¦ feet encased in dainty low shoes
with high red heels and steel buckles.
It Is almost decided that we shall have
another double opera season this year,
and certainly decided that the usual
grand opera season at the Tivoll will be
given, beginning on the regular date in
August. The plans for the season are al
ready almost matured, the singers secured
and the repertoire arranged. Among ord
favorites to appear will be Salassa, Colla
marini, Ferrari, Repetto, Barbarcschi,
Riisso, Polettini, Castellano and Nicolini,
and some important additions to the com
pany have been made. Linda Montanari,
whose Mimi-in that first memorable per
formance of "La Boheme" at the Califor
nia Theater is so pleasantly remembered,
¦will be one of the principal sopranos, and
another favorite of that charming and
pathetic performance, Agostini, has also
been secured. Two thus, Montnari and
Agostini. come to us as legacies from the
Del Conti company, and though "La Bo
heme" may not be given, other operas in
which these excellent singers have full
scope for their talents are on the season's
repertoire. Another very welcome addi
tion to the company is Signor Lada, the
fine basso who was heard on the one and
only occasion when San Francisco had the
pleasure of listening to Madame Sem
brlch. /
"The best grand opera for the money
that I have seen in any city either here
or in Europe," was the verdict of Maurice
Grau last - year after a visit to our little
opera-house on Eddy street. Mr. Grau
was not alone In his commendation. Al
most all the members of his splendid com
pany at one or another time found them
selves at the rival opera-shop, especially
on Salassa nights, and added generously
to the volume of applause.
• • •
Now a last word to students who look with
longing eyes toward a foreign stage career.
Be sure that the. voice is very unusual and
perfectly trained. Discipline the mind by se
vere study of some kind. I studied law and it
has proved the best thing I could have done
for my career. Test well your power «to suf
fer all kinds of humiliation and endure all
hardships. Have a well filled purse and a
bank account upon which to draw constantly.
Be prepared to work like a horse and be
treated like a stray dog. Kill all fine feeling:
and high ideals, harden your heart against
all affections, and then come over here and
go on the stage.
ALMA WEBSTER POWELL, LL.B.
Berlin, May 9, 1901.
PRIMA DONNA SOPRANO "WHO
WILL. APPEAR AT THE TIV
OLI.
my, notice every year, and I know that the
time has come for a new style of composi
tion which shall cleverly, combine the mod
ern with the old Italian school. Then colo
ratura singing will- be comething more than a
mere exhibition of vocal pyrotechnics. There
will be a depth iri the Composition that will
demand, a corresponding expression of depth
in the voice. Demand creates a supply. With
the compositions .will come the voices.
• • • . .
The next serious mistake Is made when the
finger is already launched on her career and
this is not entirely the artist's fault I refer
to the style of music to be euriK. It Is a fact
which any one who has studied the situation
as I am doing can verify that throughout
Germany the voices are In a wretched condi
tion, owing to the vocal demands of the Wag
ner rnuKic. The Wagner Fingers here at th»
Royal Opera are good examples of the evil
Influence of this master of evil suggestion in
music. Richard Wa ff ner. The elngerR merely
Bcrestm. Now thin is not art, am' I under
stand the term. Tet singers with a certain
type of voice are limited in their vocal choice
to Wagner music or bad imitations of the
master, because of the lack of compositions
which combine the grace of the Italian school
with the deeper character oft the modern
If a voice possesses great range and light
ness, with power hardly equal to Wagner de
mands, and yet more than necessary for ef
fective coloratura work, the singer is com
pell»>d to confine herself to -the Italian works
which are far too trivial ror the tastes of
thlff ape. . .'.--• -¦
The roexzo-soprano Is also in a dilemma
The classical compositions are either too
heavy for the health of her voice or too light
In character to give full scope to her abil
ities. I have experienced this difficulty my
self during several years, conscientiously learn
ing hundreds of new songs, only to throw
them aside as unworthy the effort. The light
er works are devoid of grace and depth and
the heavier one» are generally without melody
or refinement.
Naturally, the fault lie* In the temperament
of the composer. .We do not find elegance,
delicacy or grace In the average German
mind, and the solid, restful and plow • traits
of the German are generally lacking In the
Italian. That the American possesses some
thing of . both should keep him to the ideal
temperament, only, unfortunately, he has too
little ofcither. • ' • • -
Hundreds of new compositions come under
The next mistake Is made by the artists before
their debuts, or oa their visits to an opera
house as "gueEtsJ' They positively fear and
epeak in hushed voices of the critics, those poor
fellows who have to write for the bread that
keeps them- alive, and who. In many cases, are
no more capable of writing upon the merits of
a einger than they are able to decide whether
the moon has an atmosphere or not. Or, to be
less dignified, but more expressive, "they don't
know a bar of music from a bar of soap," as I
heard an American cay. Singers fall down and
•worship these gentlemen, who listen for fifteen
minutes to a three-hour performance and then
instruct the public as to the opinion it ehould
hold regarding that performance.
The mistake lies In not placing the ability
»snd power of the critic at its true value Once
they are forced to criticize properly they ex
pos** their ignorance, which Is beautifully cov
ered by phruses about intonation, quality, ex
pression and action. There is no danger In
these expressions. The water only begins to be
deep when the article attempts to discuss vocal
causes and effects. From these subjects our
critics steer their boscts very carefully. The
plain fact is that of all subjects the male critic
Is weakest on vocal art when It is expressed by
a woman, and singers phouM realize that this
cannon ball rushing toward them in their strug
gles for fame is nothing worse than a soap bub
ble, which will break harmless asainst the
material of true merit.
The next great mistake, so noticeable here
among American students, is- the evident crate
for an operatic engagement,' to be gained at all
costs, and the shame of returning to their own
land without having accomplished something
"professional." This latter result Is so feared
that students who have voices arid' talents
which can never make them anything above a
mere stage drudge sign contracts for engage
ments In small, unheard of towns, with the
certainty of wretched living and poor pay, and
all for the pleasure of seeing the announcement
of the engagements in the home papers. The
contract* are rarely for less than five years,
•with two months* vacation in summer, and the
salaries are laughable, something to astonish
Americans. Furthermore, outside of royal
opera-houses, each artist must buy her own
costumes, and this on her salary is absolutely
impossible.
After the notices of the singer's engagement
have lost their exhilarating effect upon the art
itt and her friends she realizes that she must
King three roles before her contract is made
complete, and that then the director may dis
miss her if he wishes so to do. Even if re
tained she is bound in a position which yields
no fame and little true artistic experience, and
wears out the voice. The whole miserable ex
perience would have yielded but a stray notice
In the American papers. That is all. The fear
of ridicule Is all that really prevents hundreds
of students here now from fleeing to their
American homes. Better any position at home
in a ctorr than an engagement at a small
opera-houte in Euroue.
IN a recent Issue of the New York
Herald appeared an article on the
American student abroad that has
created the widest Interest in Eastern
musical circles. The article in ques
tion Is by Mrs. Alma Webster Powell,
L.L.B.. an American, and now a mem
ber of the Royal Berlin Opera Company.
Mrs. Powell's letter Is of particular inter
est to the singer, and is here given almost
in Its entirety, for what it Is worth. As
a -result of her legal education Mrs.
Powell's account should possess a strong
evidential value, and though her facts are
staled from a persistently gloomy stand
point, it Is to be feared that the situation
has not been exaggerated:
To the Editor of the Herald— Standing, as I
am at present, at a point in my career which,
while much higher elevation Is possible. Is yet
high enourh to rive me a clear view of the
¦u-retcbed mistakes made by singers In their
scramble for fame. I desire to give to student*
the result of my observations as -an American
s-inrer abroad, who w-as obliged, to make an
American reputation rest upon European suc
cess. In every opera-house are to be found un
happy specimens of singers who started their j
careers before they were fitted to leave the stu- ,
dio. Worn-out voices, careless execution, lost
artistic Ideals and throat trouble are the results
of unripe beginnings.
¦' . - ;•¦¦ r - . -——-——.¦;¦•¦"•.¦.-¦¦>; . - ¦¦¦-¦,:¦. /;•;
GEORGIA has reason to be proud of having in - her service such an official as Sheriff
Joseph Merrill of Carrollton, who,,for .the- purpose of defending a negro committed to his
charge, fired upon a mob; of lynchersand ''dispersed them.
The attack was of a nature that put a supreme test upon the Sheriff's courage and
fidelity to duty. The negro prisoner had been convicted of the murder of a white boy and sen
tenced to be hanged. Upon the day appointed for the execution a ; reprieve was obtained by an
appeal to the Supreme Court,' and the mob that had gathered to witness- the execution was ren
dered furious by being balked of its victim. It was easy in such a crowd to raise the cry for lyrlch :
law and start an attack upon the jail; but it was not easy for the Sheriff to face the danger.'; Pop
ular sentiment in Georgia is not averse to' lynching negroes who are , but • suspected of crime, and
therefore it was inevitable that the mob in this case should have looked for no more -than, a formal •
opposition to the attempt to lynch one who had been tried and convicted. Tlie mob, however, was •
mistaken. The. Sheriff. of Garrollton is an officer who knows his ; .dirty and has the courage to fulfill
it. He warned the assailants to retire, and when in* defiance they broke into the jail he .fired upon
the leaders, killing one and wounding, two, driving the others back., vindicating the law and doing
much to redeem Georgia from the stain vvhich<so many recent lynchings have put upon her civil
¦ ization. ' ¦.'.¦¦'> ' •¦,.¦..• '¦.¦:'''¦¦: '¦'-'¦ -'./¦';. • : ¦"•.;'.'¦¦' ' '...' : '•¦¦/: ;¦'-,. : '\
When officials fail in the performance of duty.in '-the'; face of" mob. violence, the country is .
prompt to 'condemn and 1 denounce i them.;. Gorisequeritly f it should be equally' prompt to commend
and honor those who do not fail. Moreover '"from ••the; rapidity with. which one lynching follows 1 an ':
other in all parts of the Union it is evident the time when the faithful and the brave who uphold
the law against the violence of mobs should have the recognition due to rrieh'who;merit the honor
of their countrymen *by the noble performance, of dangerous - duty. Sheriff Merrill :has^served his i
State well. In the fulfillment of his comparatively, humble ; office he has done in defense .of ; law an
" act of as genuine heroism as could have been done' on the field 4 o*f i battle in defense of the flaer.
;i In. his' address lat}the;dedication 6^
Angelos. of to-day are building railroads. It ;m^
If ybu have changeel your residence from
¦ryou must re-register oryoirwiil 'lose your vote. ' ¦ Look out for it an^ r De ; ready;forthe primaries; • "
THE RIGHT "KIND OF .SHERIFF.
What is called "nature study" is finding a place in our school curriculum, and it offers a
chance to teach children how plants grow, to develop their appreciation of the form and sym
metry of a tree, and cause them to desist from harming it,as they .would if it .were animate and its
sap were the warm blood of life. " ' .'. ". / :
Proper training in these few essentials of good manners and , good -order is a legitimate
function of a school, and it enters largely into the future character of the young.
' ' •' - ' . ; ... - .=== '
But little official-watchfulness is needed in a public picture gallery, park, garden or" private
grounds to which the public has access,. on the Continent,' to prevent depredations. The people
of all classes enjoy the privileges given by these things and have no desire to mar or destroy them.
It should be so everywhere,' and can be made the habit here if the young be early trained in
proper respect for the rights of others. : ,
In Oakland, when the- subject Jpf tree planting' on the streets was discussed, a movement
started for planting palms, which give' an interesting and. useful Oriental -air to the streets of a
city. Palms are costly, but. large numbers of them were planted/when it soon, appeared that on
streets leading from schoolhouses the passing pupils jumped over them, broke their leaves and
otherwise defaced and destroyed them, # to the loss and injury of the property-owners who planted
them and to the defacement rather than ornamentation of the streets! This again is thoughtless
ness and is corrigible by proper admonition in the schoolroom. .
It must be admitted that in regard to the' respect shown, for /public monuments, objects of
art and street adornments the people of Europe are ahead of us. i ,¦¦-
ALL of the schools, public and private, are now in vacation for the summer, and the pupils
are returned to the all day care of their parents. When the schools reopen the young
people will return to be in charge of teachers during the /greater part of the day>v- As ; a '>'
subject of interest to both parents and teachers we beg^to suggest the matter of manners,
of street manners especially. In this city pupils'ride on the street cars at a reduced fare,: and- they
use the privilege extensively, on botlvjthe shorthand long haul. -'It is complained, by business men,
workmen and aged people that at certain hours of- the day, the street cars are so crowded by chil
dren that the old and infirm and the tired cannot get seats; and that the children .are so careful of
their half-fare privilege that they do' not make room : for; the classes of passengers who are entitled
to,. and usually receive, the polite consideration of their fellow- travelers. This is a thoughtlessness
that is susceptible of correction by home counsel and admonition in the schoolroom. ' The young
need only to have their attention called tcx.it and they will not be longer in fault ir> that respect.
Our schoolteachers should impress the necessity of respecting the- rights of others on the street.
A MATTER OF MANNERS.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON. -
Railroading is, in a large sense, an exact science. That is to say its success depends upon
the economic application to' art of so much that science has determined that it is the most exact of
the arts. The best technical skill is employed in it. - Everything, from the water in the engine
boiler, the fuel that converts it into steam, to the relation of traction to grade, is the subject of the
closest study. Where a facility finds its greatest profitable use, there it is safe tosay that its con
ditions receive the closest study. The United States, with the 'greatest railway mileage in the
world, and until the completion of the Russian-Pacific road the longest lines in the world, ?nd
carrying the greatest tonnage at the lowest rate in the world, ir> in the very nature of things the
field in which to expect the closest technical attention to the very details in which the British en
gineers claim that we are lacking. It is believed' here that we _ are able to pay the highest railr
way wages in the world to nearly a million employes, and at the same time give the lowest freight
and passenger rates in the world, by reason of our study and application of scientific economy in
operation. . * ',...•
We must therefore be permitted to maintain an interrogative attitude upon this issue raised
against us in London. Every operating department of a railroad in this country knows the energy
potential in the fuel it uses and the percentage of loss thereof in its transmission into power by the
locomotive. To reduce that percentage, of loss has been the study of the builders of engines here and
in Europe. The principle of expansion has been appliedwherever possible, and there is little room
for doubting that the American steam engine, stationary, locomotive and marine, 'has' reached as
high efficiency as any in the world. Its efficiency is a leading and necessary element in the chaep
ness of American freights andJares. The first consideration on a completed railway is the power
and its economies.
We are inclined to believe that our British critics have omitted something from their calcu
lation that is essential to its correctness. '-••'•.'..
These vices of our railway engines are stated in great detail. But one who reads the im
peachment should not be discouraged, for it is in order to inquire what advantages our engines
possess to offset the serious disadvantages complained of and still, leave them so much ahead of the
English engine as to give them the preference in the judgment of English railway officers in India
and Egypt. Upon the face of the case «as presented by the British experts, instead of pointing
out the defects in our machine they should be soberly considering the greater defects in their own
which leave it still inferior to ours, admitting that'ours has the alleged infirmities. .
It is charged ttiat our engines .wear out too quickly; 1 that they burn more coal per mile
traveled and ton hauled than the English product; and that there is not a proper adjustment' of
the weight of metal used in their several parts to the work done or strain borne by such parts.
The technical engineers and manufacturers are picking* flaws in those things which we boast
as special examples of our superior skill. The first thing impeached is the American locomotive
and the next is the American bridge: . Both. have 'made their Way into India and Egypt, and it is
complained that the authorities representing Great Britain. in those parts are unwilling to admit
the structural infirmities observed by English engineers, and they are' charged Ayith screening the
Americans, to the detriment of the manufacturing reputation of their own country.
* . \ ™ ¦ ' ' ¦¦¦-¦'¦ i .**-•. / . ¦¦ !.•>¦""
WHILE English royalty is receiving, and London hospitality is entertaining, the repre
sentatives of American capital and "energy, and bob and nabob are gaping at Pierpont
Morgan and Andrew Carnegie, another section of English sentiment is* doing quite
otherwise. ' .-".'. • . ?•;
AMERICAN ENGINES.
AN AMERICAN OPERA SINGER
Who Is Now Appearing in Europe
WRITES WARNING TO STUDENTS.
THE SAN FRANGISGO GALL/
SOCIETY WILL DINE AND DANCE
In the Palatial New Residences
OF HOSPITABLE ENTERTAINERS.
BY SALLY SHARP.'
THE '¦: SAjST FRANCISCO CALL,"SUS DAY, JUNE 9, 1901V;
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Communications to»W. S.LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ......'...:..¦.. . : -..... ; .; ."....':.'.¦... ........,....:........ V^...,...^..^..... ;..... .,..,...:jUNE 9,1901
Publication Office ..'... .'..-... .... - - ¦¦ '.'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦*¦ - -'• ..'••• Market and Third, S. F.
18
We have made a very low round-trip rate
to the Pan- American Exposition' at Buffalo
and the comfortable Nickel-Plate trains, with
Nickel-Plate dining cars- serving American
Club meals at 35c to'Jl.eac^. Insure you a
pleasant trip. ; Book i free showing Fan-Ameri-
can views. Buffalo hotel accommodations re-
cerved. . JAY* W. ADAMS, P. C. P., A. • |7
Crocker buildlnr. Ban Francisco. Cal. • ?"
"It Is Tip to You."
. The steamship Australia, sailing June 26, for
Tahiti, will, call at Nouka Hlva, Marquesas
Islands, both ways. The trip Is only nine days
from San Francisco. This special voyage of-
fers an unusual opportunity ; to : visit * tbese
beautiful Islands. About a week's stop will
be made in Tahiti, where one of. the most
unique native festivities takes place: July 14,
l£FUr>e three days. ¦ v
Illustrated pamphlet and . programme of
events free at 643 Market street.
Tahiti and Marquesas Islands.
The Mayor received Information from J.
H. Rountree of Birmingham yesterday
that the Alabama Press Association, con-
sisting of about 100 members, will arrive
in this city on a special of Pullman sleep-
ers over the Santa Fe on .Tuesday, June
25. The party will be here three days-
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday.
Alabama Press Association.
On Wall street Southern Pacific is nick-
named ".=!ow pup," Ontario and Western
"that old woman." au«rar sweetness,"
and American Steel and Wire "swipe."
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'sj, 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *,
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
BP&ysF i^^u^ E U RA " PING SH0ES> Mil
B ; / Bm'Ai) YoyrH3 f tamIbals "• v /* par ' |» /Jk
VI We offer this -week a t remarkably low figures. .-.•JZjC? y^^^SKfl
¦> fi .; Made with'fair^ stitch, double soles,' new coin » jr**3cSLJr /£ •• vyfl
-;' Ev t t0e3 , and l0-w V^'eel*.': Boys'* sizes 11% to 2; * our ' / E&t&>%/k
¦ j price 81.10 a pair. Youths' sizes" 2# to 5&; /^SSjiv
v ¥/ ¦'¦-' Send_ postal for our new. catalogue. ' Zj
JR Kat$Cl)iOSKi phiiadelphu shoe cJWICHITA. Kans, June 8.— The St. Louis
and ' San Francisco passenger train" which
Jef t here at 1 o'clock for the [east was
wrecked at Greenwood at 4 o'clock this
afternoon, but so far as heard no one was
killed. Conductor E.' C. Acres had his leg
broken and was : seriously hurt about the
head. It is^said • he cannot live. ¦ The
dining-car and sleeper were" both burned
catching fire from the cooking range Th*
dining-car was ahead of the sleeper Its
front axle broke, the car ! falling to the
track at that end. The Pullman thmed
over It and both fell off the track "gov
ernor Stanley's partner, Vennillion tele
graphs here . that many . are seriously in-
A wrecking 1 , train" which left here at K
o'clock, carrying physicians, has not vp?
returned. A | telegram received here into
to-night from the scene of the wreck savs
that^seven persons are very seriouslyin-
Jured. No names have been obtainable so'
CHEYENNE, k Wyo.,i June 8.— The nWr
land limited eaatbound on the Union Pa
cific Railway. *. was \ derailed' *early thta
morning near Hanna. Wyo. The accident
occurred at 2:20 o'clock this morning S
engine, tender, composite car. mill car
and. two Pullmans left the rails. A tramn
stealing a ride had.his arm broken. " Tv?
i x A A I ? pat S^ *.° t hls cit y last : nleht '"stated
that Mrs/ M. A. Stewart. Louis 'iimonjind
family, Pierre Priet and wife, Mrs. M^T
Barnett and family, Samuel Dolllver and
family,- George Fredericks, Byron MaSVv
and family. Schuman andTjohK
¦Wood,\all ; of San Francisco." were on the
train and: escaped: uninjured. .
Passengers in
Train Disaster in
r ", Kansas." " '
FLAMES RISE
FROM A WRECK
i Mrs. Louis Botha, wife -of -'the Boer
commandant general, arrived at South
ampton this morning on board the British
steamer Dunvegan Castle from South Af
rica. She refused, to. grant an Interview,
but a son of ex-Secretary of State Fisch
er, who accompanied her, said that Mrs.
Botha wasr going straight to London and
later would proceed to Holland and Bel
gium, but that the date of her departure
for the Continent had not. been fixed.
Fischer was unable to confirm or deny the
report that Mrs. Botha had come to Eu
rope on a peace mission. He was re
leased on. parole in order that, he might
accompany her. . .. ¦¦. -., . .. .
The War Office knows nothing of the
alleged request of General Botha, the
Boer commander, for a conference with
Lord Kitchener at Standerton. The of
ficials here point out that If any request
of the kind had been made, Lord Kitch
ener would have immediately informed
the Government.- ¦ ; . .
A railroad wreck Occurred near Preto
ria on , June 1, In which nine soldiers
were killed and many injured. .
LONDON. June 8.-A Cape Town spe
cial says: The British surprised two Boer
laagers at different points in Cape Colony
on Thifrsday night and captured forty
two prisoners, fifteen rounds of ammuni
tion and a quantity of supplies. • .• ,
BOER LAAGERS
ARE SURPRISED
British Troops Take Pris
oners in Cape
Colony.
Look not upon the wine when red. Thl«,
of course, doesn't apply to champagne.
W. F. Pipher. receiver of the California,
will. expect you to his celebrated special
inducement sale. He has placed on the
table 1000 pairs of shoes and ties for
ltdies, also 500 pairs of misses' and child
ren's shoes, up to date styles, good
wearing-, worth 52 50. 10 be sold to-mor
row for 50 cents a pair. Take advantage
of this by coming to the bankrupt shoe
sale of the California Sho« Company, 1509
Market street, above City Hall avenue. •
No Sale Without You.
Two AB's were treated to a big sur
prise in an English court last month.
"When their ship reached this port they
deserted and a few days later shipped on
another vessel that was paying better
wages because men were scarce. When
the men reached England the owners of
the ship from which they deserted had
them arrested. As it was the first case
of the kind ever tried In an English court
the magistrate let the men off with a $10
fine, but said they . were liable to six
months* imprisonment ¦ with hard labor.
Men on English ships now in port would
better not desert, for there is a rod in
pickle for deserters.
Sailors Get a Surprise.
¦ A combination has been formed to de
termine - whether there is oil in paying
qualities near - Hoilister. This is follow
ing a plan that has been proposed for oth
er localities in Northern California, where
the surface and other 'ndications lead to
the belief that there is oil to reward
proper search. In this connection the Hol
lister move has more than a local interest,
for it blazes the way for other communi
ties and sections that may find strength in
unity. A company has been formed which
is known as' the Hollister Development
Company. A meeting was recently held
by the company and others interested in
oil prospects in the vicinity of Hollister
and an agreement was perfected which In
cludes the pooling of lands in the hands
of .the Hollister Development Company.
The general details 'are as follows:
THere have been turned over. to the com
pany, 725 acres on the , Cowden, j Payne,
j John Thomas and Conklin ' ranches, to
: gether with 640 acres of the Baldwin
! ranch, the entire tract including there
j tore 13G5 acres of the choicest territory in
the district. The sum of $2000 in the treas
ury of the Hollister Development - Com
pany, together with $200o to be subscribed,
will be expended in sinking a trial well
with a standard rig to be leased Irom the
San Benito Company at $5 per day. The
$2000 to be subscribed will purchase.shares
of the Hollister Development Company at
the rate of two and a half cents per share.
No well shall be started until the $2000 is
in hand and all subscriptions are con
ditioned upon the full amount being raised
within ten days from June 5, 1901.
. New Refinery Planned.
A scheme is on foot for the building of
a relinery equal to the best in' the State,
I to be located either in Bakerstteld or in
I Kern City. Several oil companies have
I had . the matter under consideration for
I some time, and the Bakerstteld Calif or
nian says that the plans are about com
pleted and that steps will soon be taken
for the purchase of property for a site
upon which to locate the machinery.
Overtures have been made for a tract of
land lying between the Santa Fe . Rail
! road and the tracks of the Southern Pa
cific Company in Kern City, and the
chances are that the refinery will be erect
ed there. The McWhorter Company has
proved conclusively that the distillate and
asphaltum can be readily disposed of and
that the establishment of a refinery will
be a paying proposition. The parties in
terested in tne project -are some of the
leading oil companies and financiers of
Kern County.
A meeting of the miners and claim own
ers that was called in Bakersfield'to take
concerted action to protect their inter
ests under the mining laws has been post
poned until June 15 because there were so
few present at the date originally set for
taking the matter under formal considera
tion.
Still Locating Deserts.
There are now between 1700 and 1800 pro
ducing oil wells in the State of California,
of which about one-half are in the Los
Angeles field. To this must, be added 632
wells drilling and 221 rigs awaiting drill-
Ing operations.
The Riverside Enterprise gives some ac
count of the excitement over the location
of desert 'claims- for oil as observed in
Riverside substantially as follows:
A new ¦•¦¦ company has 'been ''formed for
the purpose , of locating some of the
promising land and , a crew of men will
be dispatched out there for the purpose of
doing the locating work. This company is com
posed largely of laboring men, among the num
ber being several members of the Fire Depart
ment. PuEh, who is well acquainted with the
ground, and who also knows well the land still
open for location, will have charge of the work
for the new company. The other company of
Riverside capitalists, who have just located
something like 8000 acres of the land, will hold
a meeting for the purpose of taking steps look
ing to the commencement at, once of develop
ment work. It Is their Intention to put down
a trial well Just as soon as the tools and neces
sary outfit can be got on the ground. As
the company is made up of men who have
plenty of means, their decision to go ahead and
demonstrate the value of the property means
that ere long it will be known whether the new
field is a valuable one or not. One thing is
certain, the new field has created no little in
terest among those who would speculate in oil,
and the chances are that berore the summer is
far advanced there will be many more than one
or two well drilling rigs In operation.
Sunset District Railroad.
The railroad to the Sunset district is
making rapid progress. The road has
been graded for fifteen miles from Gos
ford on the main line and about one-half
of the rails for that distance have been
provided. The outlook is that the line
will be completed next month vunless it
is decided to continue into the Midway
field,- and there is a strong pressure to
have the line so extended.
There has been a large slump in the
prices of oil shares in Los Angeles since
a year sago. The Los Angeles Times
makes ¦ some comparisons which show
that Westlake has gone down from 72
cents to 16 cents, Central from $1 47 to
$1 12, Alpha from 31 cents to 13 cents, Un
cle Sam from 58 to 4 cents, etc. Two
stocks have made an advance, these be
ing Continental, which has gone from 86
cents to $105, and United Petroleum
which has climbed from 95 cents to SI 30
per share. > . . ?
The Bakersfleld Calif ornian makes the
following guarded statement concerning
the Temblor district: B
According to G. ,M. Bobst, a very significant
strike was made a few days ago at the Bishop
camp, on section 13-29-20, in the Temblor dis
trict. " Mr. Bobst, who came to the city yes
terday, states that oil has been struck at 700
feet in large quantities, and that when he left
the field the well was flowing steadily. The
Bishop property Is a short distance from the
Eureka hole, which was abandoned some time
ago at a depth of nearly 1500 feet. Other com
panies in the same neighborhood have failed
to . find favorable formations, and if the re
port is true the news will be received with a
cood deal . of Interest. . . : - .' , <
Oil Producers Hopeful.
. Of the- movement to combine the oil
producers of Los Angeles the Los Ange
les Herald says: , • ; - .
The movement to get the oil producers of
Los Angeles into line for controlling the mar
ket is reported to be making steady headway
by the promoters of the project. ¦ It was stated
last night that over 600 wells had been prom
ised to the OH Producers' Association, ¦ of
which more than 400 actually ' signed up. ' In
many cases it is necessary to have meetings
of the stockholders of ' the ; companies before
definite action can be taken in pledging the
control of the • output to ¦ the | new association,
and many such meetings were held yesterday,
and others are planned for the near future, t
A considerable majority of . the ; wells In the
local field; producing I oil for | the market are
thus pledged, - and it : is believed that it -will
be but. a few days before = a good working
majority will * be tied up... Of. course If there
are a. considerable, number of .:. wells, outside
the : association It will not be I possible to ac
complish bo : much good ¦ as though they ail
come in, but it Is believed that something can
be done even . though it . should result that a
considerable minority remain • outside. ;' •¦ Com
mittees of ' the ; association are at : work ¦ get
ting affairs ¦ in ; shape for engaging In •¦ actual
business at an early, date, as soon as the de
tails of the business can: be agreed on.
HOLLISTER OIL
MEN COMBINING
Arrangements by Which
Land May Have Test
Made.v /
Work of Locating Claims on
Desert; 'Goes Along
Merrily.
¦ , ¦ - • ' - . ?¦:¦.-.- -,.¦._¦ . - • - ¦:¦¦¦-,.:-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 9; 1901;
19
OIL-WATE|
W.W. MONTAGUE &CO.,v
IROi^ PIPE
FOB OIL WILLS, FOR IRRIGATION. FOB
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINKS.
:
FOR OIL, FOR VTATBR, TOR CTANID»
• •.;•¦¦ -.¦¦PLANTS.:-.
¦>f.; BAN FRANCISCO.
NEW^^VBSTBRN HOTEL;
KEARN Y i AND *¦ WASHINGTON - STS.-Re1 ;
modeled ¦ and renovated. KINO. WARD *
CO. i Buropean : plan. "•¦ Rooms. •¦ 50c to Jl 60 day :
|5 to $8 week; $S to $20. month. Free batha; hot
and I cold water • every room; On crate* la every
i Mum: alevalor runi all night,
> A ; special : dispatch > from Boston/ May .' B,
1900, to the N. Y. Sun gives as hew. regula-
tions of the Boston Board of Health as to
barber ¦ shops: ; "Mugs,; shaving 'vbrushea
and; razors shall -be sterilized after each
separate : use thereof.? A separate, clean
towel.shall be used;for each person. Ma-
terial ', to stop\the"< flow, of ¦ blood shall , ; be
used only . in /powdered ¦' form, and > applied
on a 1 -towel.' »' Powder puff s are prohibi led. ',
Wherever,' Newbro's .''Herplcide" , is r ,used
on face' or scalp after shaving or hair cut-
ting, 1 there is no danger, as .It is antiseptic,
and kills. the dandruff germ. .
Board of Health. Orders Sterilization of
'All That Barbers Use on Customers.
BOSTON-'S BASBEB BEGITLATIONS
Space will not permit a complete description of the ineompar- mm§ ta^ ¦¦§ m
f.b!e St. James Treatment In urethral diseases. Every sufferer D UK B D
Ircm Stricture and its offspring. Prostatltis and Seminal Weak- B ¦_¦¦_,¦
ness should write to the St. James Association. 250 St. James H_ «? ¦¦ Eg
lildg.. Cincinnati. Ohio, for their wonderful illustrated work show- B™ ¦ m B~ WT
ing the parts of the human system involved in urethral * ail- B B B B H
Ritnts, vhich they will send securely wrapped in plain package, ¦ |fl BOi MB
prepaid ; ¦ ¦• . "^
St. James Assn., 250 >St. James : BIock,~Cinc!rinati, O;
nai treatment,
•rhich must pass through the stomach
and urine before It reaches the seat of
disease. The seminal ducts project Into
the urethral canal through the Prostate
Gland, and are easily reached by LOCAL
TREATMENT. -,-./'.
Dr. Carter's "Gran-Solvent" soluble
Bougies will dissolve, digest and forever
In 35 days, without pain. Injury or Incon-
venience. The bougies are Inserted at
ripht and act while you sleep. "Gran-
Polvent" removes every symptom of stric-
ture, leaving the canal as healthy as when
nnture formed It. No BRUTAL CUT-
TING OR DILATING. NO INJECTIONS
TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE. NO
Urethral Stricture
Varicocele is an accumulation of slu*.
pish blood in the veins of the scrotum
due solely to Imperfect circulation, and
has its origin in a diseased and torpid
Prostate Gland. Operations in this dis-
ease are only temporary, and no me-
chanical device yet discovered! has cured
a slnele case.. Gran-Sol vent', heals the
Prostate and restores healthy circulation
Varicocele disappears and the sluggish
accumulation 1« replaced by pure,
healthy red blood.
Thousands of men strletured. weak,
wastinp and despondent were cured and
restored by the St. James method last
vear A vast army, of men in whom the
jieht of life has penetrated the fearful
niehtmare of stricture and seminal d»-
cay. '¦ ¦/;-*• "-v •' ;-*-.-*¦•'•:'•¦¦'¦• v ' : ; ;
Varicocele.
The St. James treatment is prepared In
the form of Crayons, very narrow
smooth, flexible and wholly soluble, which
are inserted into the water passage at
night, where they dissolve and deposit th«
medication in its full strength upon th#
Prostate Gland, contracting and strength-
ening the ducts and FOREVER STOP
PING DRAINS AND EMISSIONS I airt
curins wnilo the patient sleeps.
INTERNAL DRUGGING TO RUIN TBK
STOMACH. The St. James treatment ia
local, direct and positive.
"We answer the
questions briefly. If
you cut an artery
in your arm you do
not take internal
medicine to stop the
flow of blood. YOU
USE LOCAL AP-
PLICATIONS. Sim-
ilarly when the ure-
thral ducts become
weakened end re-
laxed it Is ridicu-
lous to take lnter-
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
.. .-". .;.'. ' '. . AD VEETISEMENTS.
~ r ~~- — ~ — ; — — — — ¦ — — : — ¦ : : — — s ~
Got t ori
I \ 1* p c
Fabrics
Deep, cuts on cotton stuflfs just at the height of the sea- ¦;
son. We purchased these goods in immense quantities and •
• must force the sale in order to carry nothing over-f-several •
lines showing a disposition to sell slowly have been cut to
cost. Read every item in the ad— it means money saving to
you:! •
NEW PERWL ? >«* — Light and medium shadihgs for- summer waists
and dresses— full 1 ; 36 inches wide — the staple I2 l / 3 z kind — special to-
morrow .......1. IOc yard
t ', ' , _.; Fcr sale at Market-ttreet store only. . .
STRIPED MADRAS — A new fabric for waists — has a raised cord effect
_ —comes in all the new shades— 36 inches wide— regularly worth 20c
. — special to-morrow .*.... .IOc yard
For sale at Market-street siore only.
COLORED ORGAND'ES— Delicate shades in plain colors for evening
- costumes — selling all over San Francisco for I2j4c — special to-mor-
row .. :.'... .IOc yard
. v . - y \ For sale at M:rket-street store only. •
GRASS LltN'ON — A new material for camping suits and seaside outfits — ;
a very heavy, serviceable fabric somewhat similar to. ducking — special •
beginning to-morrow ..:........... , : . ISj^c yard
r for sale at Market-street siora only.
'Woolen Dress Goods
50c CHEVIOTS — An assorted lot of cheviot suitings in neat checked
and mottled effects— from 35 to 38 inches wide — are to be closed out
. . this week — it is a splendid cloth for children's dresses, camping skirts
. and outing suits— a tremendous reduction until the line is sold at
..:...............:............. .25c yard
Fcr sale at Markets' reet store only. ¦
50c CHALLIES— To close them out we offer our entire line of silk
- striped wool challics in Persian and floral effects, also in solid col-
ors at half the usual selling price — not many, but choice^ — this year's
patterns; special ....: '. 25c yard
For sals at Market-street store only.
ALPACAS — A broken line in erays, modes,' tan and a beautiful jet black
—some 38, some 40 and some 46 inches wide — just right for travel-
.ing, seaside or bathing costumes— very special all week.. ..50c yard
For sale at Market-street s.ore ony.
MISCELLANEOUS.
NEW ABVEBTISEMEHTS.
DR. NG TOY KEE.
¦'-'- SAN FRANCISCO. M»r
V- \ liA 1901 — DR - NG TO Y KEE
sg 2J r 1 HO Stockton st. : For li
Bt^S J| ' . years I have been a suffer- ¦
•' ; . 17 H ' Ii: r rrom * ¦* 3nce r, *nd hava ' '
. Vjr Jfi. had several operatlom
-: wPt/^T*' :. performed by the most re-
•"-' '/Wri ' " nowned physicians in this '
JJJ^. State, and bein* Informed
iBBP'.~^Bl iBr that lc wa3 had
ni Jl TW K» v en up all hope when a
"immuWmW^W llke 8Uffer er whom you had
¦^•BHB^bS^ cur*d advised me to con-
¦¦¦ --.•¦•¦-......; suit yon. I did so -and
am happy to say that after five months' treat-
ment I am entirely cured, and only too pleased
to certify this to any one who, will call nnon'
me. ¦ Tours truly, ' NELLIE WALDSTEIN «3
Golden Gate ave., _ , • - , • '
BRUSHES^ aras£"«£"
, houses, billiard table*.
; brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers,- cannars,
dyer*. - flourmllU. foundries.' laundries.' paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar- roof ers. tanners. . tailors, ate.
- . BUCHANAN BROS.
, Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacrament* St ' .
"' Always ' speak - the - truth— even • If ¦ you
have to use a long-distance telephone.
Dr. Posey. ;•
Eye, Ear. Nose and Throat. 578 Butter st; •
Bflfh FffrPfflP flnfl PfinOSrUatiUa W E have mastered the house-furnishing
POUIH LAHSSilB dill! UUIISuTVdMO W problem, and its primarily on account
\ M Q ps |& g 48fc of our location. Our large warerooms, with
' 5 1 11 Ik m J m! their vast assortments, our splendid facili-'
II 3 1 I | y |2 |S >Bk ties, our modern methods, are within reach
i M fca H H H f§sM m m But our location is not only responsible
Cop. Sixteenth and mission Sts. for our success, but for our peerless values
hhTT 7 rrr-^^ : — S — ~^ as well. Our low rent enables us to sell
me rinest rurniture at prices impossible elsewhere. If economy is on your mind, come out
J^J^eJVIisj^o^^ ?
*S " .1 li 1 r it f(^^^^^^^s^^^^s^^B( Box Couches Hike cut\— lust an even 100 of
Q . i S - . -IT"' * fw^ jmj *r'. t-^p ,^an»iWFft» u. 1 , '. , ¦I'ss strong, substantial make and covered with handsom-
V ' h -B- est coloringrs of denim, patent spring openers and
?£E L ? t c f £ 5 , Bsautiful Parlor Suits— Three pieces, of mas- H- n ,, _. Mt , * fl plenty of room Inside. One of the most convenient
v,Jfw ?u ie i de f. pn and extremely artistic, mahogany finish, with * Odd Ih vans, 45 in all— • articles of furniture ever constructed-
hand-rubbed polish, upnolstered in richest colorings ¦'/)•>. '' handsomest designs, beau- articles of furniture e% er constructed. .
of silk damask, regular retail price $30,000. Our sale I "4 / j tifully hand tufted, assort- ' ¦ Regular price $lo.00 and $18.00. Our price X /^
P"ce ¦-*. M yj tf ed patterns in the finest « to-morrow.. ' **-'•¦.«-•¦
i^*»»^ imported coverings This /
IHOUBOWH FACTORY HpifpH rfjSS^l ADE IN M 0WN FACT0RY
Handsome Couche? of Rococo desisrn— (L'ke cut), solid Mroi^y^^y*sjffi|& •— — «s*^ , . '*•?
oak frames and larPe claw feet, covered in imported velours. K64§d5g~s|gijpifv$ft A laree assortment of Velour Tapestrv and
deeply tufted and with a larpe arsortmpnt for ¦ 3 *\f\ l^^^rr^mlpwfw^ti ¦ Pantesote Couches— 50 in the lot— all of guaranteed
your selection. We were never able to offer such B/TLfaJlf T«§&^-YyYxXiyfiN§|S^i§Sw c onstructlon and worth ud to $25.00— g^-> mm m,
a value before— regular price US.0O— sale price «v^i w k 9^*^^^ placed in one lot to go at the uniform |O. /3
—^ rrg 1 —^ 1 -T- i-i »'»J like cut n m 3. li opt™ T>*i'«ii jr.^j , r f^jy
. ¦ .with seats deeply 35^^ 51^*^ *w Fancy Rockers
Iron Beds (like cut"), one lot of tufted and coverings akj^^t ((?B 1 K«/r • ' (Like cut)— in solid
78— Extra large posts, full brass ot siIk damask— just uy&& Handsome Iron Beds — > oak or mahogany
trimmed, steel side rails and patent think of it— regular *\/*f^S 7WZ *rf%D (Like cut) massive bent Polish finish, em-
castcrs-is of scroll design and very P ri ce • $6.50 — our * 1 -?^=T a 0*T )& It .;„„ t,,Kir,^ « i "a! bossed leather cob-
preity— come and see it— *~% f\r» P rlc e -3 /v« R\t 1 T I I I \/ft Jh . lron tubing, imposing de- bler geat hlgn arm
if it's a hed you want £_ ftl -^ only 3 l3*v>X-rrA*?rrxihiL. fi? >5 !fcj^J!w^^-j^ 5 3 sign, reinforced joints, 5 and carved back.
coats baked on Compare, it with
fft~*^y y^SL 11, mT^y I' *op^ \[ «Hl E^y}f *™F *™F f Others. f^ pBf f\
''faL^a^^,/' A^ iSzf A BARGAINS B?i > ° n I E^^ on < .¥ ds - maenincent in desien and K-S 1 ""'^Iv 1 ''''-
' aX^!^SS*3S > '• f-/- ~-<?x>!r7&i^rrv7r7i th abun , dance of brass in trimming, every joint mad" W.\ \ ) Y W& \
r'V?^^\ f »&a3i ornamental: mere words cannot describe Its A mm » fift 1 &fc»' v - - W
, i ¦'.)•' ;;-• -rV ' ¦^¦^^ES^-^->.^4j beauty-you must see the bed. Specially Z "1 7 W\ " . 1 -\''\
, ,\ . ¦ -¦' :>-:>\\ a 1 "^ K Priced for to-morrow at only I v^ WMsSS^^SS^mm'if i
) a . - ; '^C A>J- 1 - k E * er/ i a/ t '* a b " s y d °y in this department. We're gathered in the rery) [ fcJS'l . ' V
III 4 • '¦•^i---:%. '{JSZk^J^lyiSyM richest p:oducts o the foremost weavers, and all who come here after pricing ) } J5j V,\ W/\
$T , >;a ,j ggjg/ L-<*-<^^-- I atothl r r e stor y es OUr "^ ab ° Ut one ~ half /ess ihan ihose called bargains \ %' MR W^ f
IV S-^|^^^^.| noJbiHf^ 8^ 86 ! 8 Carpets " Fine Axmlnster Carpets. ( felf] ' P>
w rM|^§ D ffl Ie coi;?^sff t L5 e t ii ffiit B a2 N * e - th patte d ns rr han h ds r e colorinss - ' %^^m •
,, \r~ • 'wj :jMcr^?i-^=^l\'' % plete range of patterns to rp tn and wl thout borders; ) BM> J^" c * ic^T-- J^ 1^i/. f \
<[< % ¦-^i#?gjq£'!) 'wQgggxH fa I ff.".!!!. frOm * s-)eclal P ri^« O3C regular $1.25 per yard | 00 ) F'^^^^^^S^' L».
'irTf^ - "^Jl: TSf „ " , ? T(, fects; regular $1.10 per *\ «. choice pattern and color- \ II Kl^S?* 2^^^ "ril
'f\ % W^Si-iaau.iar/f; v yard- quality. Special M^r ings; re S"lar $1.35 per I I A ( 14 TO^^^-. jIJl
jl.a^,, 1?'| PrICG :A^ul^L^£^£ ecial Price..... ¦ • ¦ " ) |l jB&SSSts \ H
*'« "" ' I S Made-up Carpet ~~ Wilton Hugs. ) gfe^^Ot 1 ' ' ' ""'fJSIrill
Xiyj*' from remnants and odd pieces of For richness, harmony of tone ( BjH^te^^ga#Wsaig $M 4
?i°^y i^ t }°ik ?o°d kC oa S k -o^ridh^mV borders and carpets. Following Perfection of design and for ser-) K^^^^^^^. fl j
hogany finish, beautifully carved and set we give a few quotations. He- 7 1Ce ' thev cai "iot be equaled. Dur- ) RflSagJasTrVv*; JT-r- ' , Mil
with handsome beveled ¦ f\ mm mm . , . mg this sale we will offer rmr »t> \ *E r*j*^^SJBa»^aS«^^±_ 'ISCTBli
of almost one-third. following unheard-of prices: V St^SS^^^^L j KI
6iz:c 'x? ft.. Tppestry Brussels, worth 5-3x10-6 ft., Brussels, worth $19.00. this Size 3CxG3 in a~ -rv (Mr
t3XO, this sale SG.OO . sale iO S13.5O Size 6x9 ft. ..I'.;;;". *5rt'rtrt )^f f\ mm mm - - \&f™
Size e,xS ft., Axmlnster. worth $12 00 Blze 8-3x13 ft., Lowell B. Brussels, §{„• ql,« 10 2? ft »ajS.OO \ • ZJ * / \J \s3i .
this sale «s "-»(> worth $25.00, this sale 818.00 •wr* k «,,'7*4. t»" $35.00 (
Size 7x9 f,. Axminster. worth $1*4 50 «xll ft. English Brussels worth J"$Tt& ?Sg?..f^.>' %£% uS2 S2? ?f " J"! 6 fMt «
this sale ...«1O.OO J 22 - 50 - this fale S15.5O Smyrna Hues (reversible), k'll wool ) " c , h o es t hl f h - 2 feet 6 ln ches wide, has a
tjsp^sj^^ssr §&i0B^^M^^fso;- IS^isisii^PS lll^^^li 9.75'
yOU S/W/E /WONE V AT PATTOSTEN^
jr More Specials
m' -Better watch our sales — they mean a good deal to close buyers.^»
/u Why, last week we sold 3/000 25c packages of Hires Root Beerat\ft
W ?^° a P ac^ a S c — a^° ut 5 C a package less than most druggists pay for m "
ju- it. Same thing on nearly everything we sell. We know how to buy. V \\
l| These prices good until Saturday night, June 15th ml'.
I Lcsley'sTalcum Powder 5c Seidlitz Powders 10c W
If I Regular price is cents. ' • six in box — regular price 15 centi. ' IjjU
l|. .Pepper Whiskey 65c Braces English Precipitated W\
I? Pvk»r'( far C A . n One 1b boxe»— Regular »j eeat*. . Jna
\i\ 7 f 7c . L* "Sunne French Face ml
|| r R e5 ul»r price three for 50 cent.. * KepsltT pr!ce „ ceatJ> ° wder l5c JM
life Munyon's Soap IOc Calder's Dentine 2 for. 25c til
* Wv^\' j> •¦ j f* ' ' ' ' 4 m * * T^'Coty-fiTc cent size. liffl
m Baileys t,ream I5c Williams Shaving Soap 5c J//L
* A™St '?' e r i '* r P r^ ce *5 centfc ¦ Regular price 10 ceati. J /fl/i
M/ Nelson's Foot Comfort — Regular 25c cut to 15c Mwbunch of keys and the dollar which Aber
nethy had thrown away at Hayes and
Polk streets. "When searched a large dirk
knife was found in Abernethy's pockets.
Abernethy first came into notice in June,
1S97, when he was arrested, for stealing
carpenters' tools, and got four months in
the County Jail. February, 1898, he was
sent to Folsom for a year for burglary in
the second degree for entering a house at
11 Geary street, and since then he has
served two terms for petty larceny.
It is supposed that he also broke Into
the butcher shop of G. Pisani, 925 Larkin
Ftreet, about 3 o'clock yesterday morning
by means of a falso key. The cash draw
ers and till had been forced open, but as
the proprietor was careful to take all his
money home on closing up the burglar got
nothing fof his labor.
In Breaking Open the Cash Register He Awakens the Pro
prietor, Who Opens Fire but Fails to Hit the Marauder.
DARING BURGLAR'S NARROW ESCAPE
FROM DEATH WHILE LOOTING A SALOON
Lawrence McDermott, cook in a hotel
at Point Richmond, made a complaint at
police headquarters yesterday afternoon
that he had been drugged by a man in a
saloon on the Barbary Coast and robbed
of $7 50. As he appeared to be suffering
from too much liquor he was taken to the
City Prison and booked on a charge of
being drunk.
McDermott's Bad Luck.
John McCann was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday on the charge of robbery in
$2000 bonds. He was accused of brutally
beating- Mrs. Rosa Gonzalez, 600 Crescent
avenue, on the night of May 25 while she
was on her way home and tearing off one
of her gold earrings.
McCann Held for Robbery.
Juel took him Lack to Larkin street,
•where they met Policeman O'Day with
Abercethy's overcoat, which a citizen had
picked up. They took Abernethy to Dase
kir.g's saloon, where he was identified.
Tho officers then recovered the large
Afcernethy ran along Polk street to
Hayes, dropping a dollar and a large
bunch of keys in his flight. Money and
keys were recovered. He ran down Hayes
Ftreet to Market, crossed Market to
Ninth and ran down Ninth to Stevenson,
where he threw off his overcoat, and see
in? that he was not pursued returned and
¦walked along Larkin street. Policeman
Jucl was standing- at the corner of Lar
kin and Grove streets, and seeing Aber
nethy walking hurriedly along accosted
him. Abernethy said that a man had held
him up on Market street, and Juel asked
liim to go wrth him to see if they could
not find the man. Abernethy did not ac
cept the invitation, but bolted. Juel gave
chsse and overtook him on Ash avenue.
About 4 o'clock Abernethy entered the
fsloon of H. Daseking. Polk and Fell
streets, by means of a false key. He
Lioke open the cash register, and the
noise awoke the proprietor, who sleeps in
the rear. He jumped out of bed and ran
into the saloon, confronting Abernethy,
who was so taken by surprise that he
handed over 511 to Daseking which he had
taken from the register. Abernethy ran
out of the saloon and Daseking fired two
6hots at him from a revolver, but neither
took effect.
Albert Abernethy, an ex-coiwict, was
booked at the City Prison early yester
day morning on a charge of burglary, and
it was by the purest accident that he did
not reach a slab in the Morgue.
Violates Liquor Laws.
' W. . O. Weinholz, ex-saloon-keeper near
the Presidio, was convicted by; Judge Ca
baniss yesterday of ] the charge of selling
liquor without a license. He will be sen
tenced June 11, ; and at 'the: same time the
Judge will ¦ give ' his ¦ decision in ; the cases
of , Adolph Rehfeld. and"- Leon\BoreI,
charged with the same offense. ¦ _-;•...- ¦ :^__
.' • '•'.,'-. ' I ¦ ¦ •'¦' ¦¦¦". ¦",- '-''-J -."• * ':¦¦ '•¦¦ ..¦¦¦' ' ¦ ' '. ¦ ' ' ¦
Going, Going and Gone
Will every palr'of shoes of , the Portland,
717 Market street, i The ~ factory /sale of
BhoesUs outdoing itself. Everybody, who
had' the good- fortune to be around 'will
testify to ; the t great advantage in buying
shoes b at . the t above placed Ladles' - and
men's regular $5 00 shoes are being sold
for $1 90; $3 50 shoes for $1 35. '{ v To-morrow
there' will be on the. table for ' you to pick
from 2000 pairs of ladies' shoes and ties,
worth . none , less , than '- $2 50, for,, 75 ' cents a
pair. Every pair will be. sold at the fac
tory 6ala of. shoes," 717 Market street/near
Third. --. -„_.;. ¦•;:. zS-y'~-r<j2jr. rr.^.-x
Taylor's Clever Ruse.
. Policeman Taylor, 1 who is . attached to
Lieutenant Price's , squad , in ." Chinatown,
cleverly captured six fantan players at
123 Waverley ¦ place yesterday morning.
Some I men i were cleaning the fiat below
where the game was going on, and Taylor
joined them. He ; dashed bucketsful' of
water against the trap .door f and the
water entered through the cracks. \ The
lookout . got angry and - opened the : trap
door to -remonstrate, .'when Taylor sprang
past him and caught the Chinese at , the
game, securing a complete layout.
KINO'S DAUGHTERS END : . -
. THEIR- FIRST CONVENTION
Receive Reports From Circles and
Pass Resolution" of
;v v • Thanks.
. The King's' Daughters and Sons met in
adjourned ' session yesterday ¦ afternoon in
»the Central M. , E/ Church and wound up
the affairs of 4 their convention. Reports
from the various circles of the State were
read, and . each report showed that . the
circle from which It came .was In a pros
perous condition | and was accomplishing
commendable work in the cause of relig
ion and humanity. ..The circles which sent
in reports were Mizpah, Ever Ready, Vol
unteer, Willing Workers I and the . Inas
much of * Santa Clara, • Mrs. Isabella
Charles Davis, national corresponding
secretary,- was in attendance and assisted
Mrs: J, G. Clark, the State secretary,' in
conducting thes meeting. .-' '. .:- ;¦
A resolution was -Introduced thanking
those who had contributed to the success
of the convention, 'especially Mrs. Isabella
Charles' Davis. Although all the practical
work of the ' convention was , completed,
the delegates will assemble again . to-mor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock in the Simpson
Memorial Church, where speciar services
will be held. . > V-- ..';.*> : ¦¦-' \
CLANCY'S EXAMINATION
ON MTJBDEB CHARGE
The Shooting of Attorney J. N. E.
Wilson Being Investigated by
Judge Fritz.
The preliminary examination of Special
Officer Patrick W. Clancy on the charge
of murder for shooting and killing At
torney J. N. B. Wilson in the office of
the Alaska Packers' Association,' 320 San
some street, on May 27, was commenced
before Judge Fritz yesterday. Assistant
District Attorney Weller prosecuted and
the . defendant was represented by .-ex-
Judge Ferral. ,'¦''' » . ¦
The witnesses examined were Corporal
George W. Russell, who explained a plan
of the scene of the shooting; Louis Mebus,
who was told by Wilson that Clancy had
shot him and who was asked to telephone
for the police; S. H. Borkhelm, who tes
tified to the same effect; T. I. Fitzpatrick,
who testified to taking Wilson's ante-mor
tem statement, and Henry F. Young, who
found the envelope on which Wilson had
written, "Patrick Clancy killed me; shot
me twice. God bless Jeajinette."
The case was continued until next Sat
urday. - From the cross-examination of
the witnesses it looked as if self-defense
would be pleaded. -•. . .
It Is apparently Intended to attempt to
show ¦ that •¦ Clancy thought he had been
robbed of his property. .
SCHOOL JANITORS MUST
• WORK DURING VACATION
ioard of Education Will Expend
Large Sum of Money for Repairs
. ¦ to Schoolhouses.
j The Board of Education yesterday is
sued an order which filled the school jan
itors with -indignation. The order requires
janitors to work during vacation % just as
though the schools were in session. This
will be the first time in the history of the
School Department that janitors will be
obliged- to labor during vacation. Accom
panying the order the board has issued
a long list of the specific duties which
the janitors are expected to perform dur T
ing vacation. These consist among other
things of "thoroughly cleansing all school
desks by removing the Ink stains by ,us-;
ing diluted acid." . .
The board expects to expend at least
$75,000,. for repairs . and additional class
rooms during the next fiscal year. Out
side or., rented rooms .will be largely done
away with and a saving effected in ren
tals. <:,- - ¦¦¦•*...- '
The establishment of additional classes
will necessitate the * regular appointment
of thirty teachers, sa.ys Director Den
man. Most of these will be taken from
the list of teachers who are now on long
leaves of absence, but will return by July
22, the others to be . appointed from the
substitute list. ' . • « -
- A man gets down to bed rock when ho
has to keep the cradle in motion.
has been the discovery of .the alleged
shortage by both Green and Ashman.
At a meeting Friday night of the as
sociation .the report of the expert was
submitted and. a special committee, con
sisting of William Hagan and A. Cun
ningham, was appointed to make a
formal demand upon Green and Ashman
for the money. The committee was un
able to find them. It was ascertained that
they intended leaving for Seattle. No
formal demand has been made upon
them, as they "could not be found, but
some days ago when Green was spoken
to on the subject by one of the members,
It Is said, he admitted there was' a short
age, but said that some others were Im
plicated with him.
Green, was appointed treasurer of the
association in October last and Ashman
financial secretary in January. They were
both prominent members of the associa
tion, and their alleged betrayal , of the
confidence reposed in' them has staggered
their friends. - * ' • ..
Ashman was arrested last night by De
tectives Crockett and Dillon and locked
up in the City Prison. He strenuously
denied that he assisted in getting, away 1
with the funds of the union. Up to micK
night Green had not been arrested.
of Infantry' should bold a high position
in the artillery, and it is predicted that
before he returns from camp the white
stripes on his pantaloons and the white
shoulder straps will have assumed a car
dinal hue. - ...
Captain P.- \L. Bush- has ' been detailed
to act; as quartermaster on the second
brigade staff, vice Major H. A. "Wagner,
relieved.
Commissions have been issued to Cap
tain D. A. . Smith as major of the Fifth
Infantry and to F. A. St. Sure as assist
ant surgeon, with the rank of - captain.
He -will be assigned to the sanitary corps
of the Fifth Infantry.
The annual inspection and muster for
this year will be held at Santa Cruz dur
ing encampment week.
Corporals A. Is. Smith and P. F. Schmid
of Troop A have been promoted sergeants
of that organization.
Orders for camp have been issued by
the regimental commanders of the First' 1
and Fifth regiments of infantry.
for officers will ' be tfie same as for undress
coats. Officers \will wear the Insignia of their
grade • on the ; shoulder strap about one-third
distant from the shoulder seam to collar and
midway between the insignia of grade and the
collar will be worn on the strap the coat of
arras of the United States; one and one-quarter
inches high, ' according to design. All insignia
of State, grade and corps or arms of the ser
vice worn on khaki blouse will be of metal and
detachable. «
Colonel Joslah Howell, having severed
his connection with the staff of the com
mander in chief, will accept a position on
the staff of the commander of the batta
lion of artillery. • . • . -
Captain KIsen, on the retired list,' -was
tendered the oosition of battalion adju
tant of the battalion of artillery, recent
ly organized, with the rank of lieutenant.
If he accepted that position and was taken
from the retired list and placed on the
active list he would lose his rank as cap
tain and could not be . returned to . the
retired list with . his former rank, so it
was arranged that he should be detailed
from -the retired list as an infantry of
ficer, to assume duty in the artillery. It
is somewhat Incongruous that an officer
order that officers recently commissioned
may be informed as to \ what is contem
plated: -
¦ For - officers* undress • coats,' cavalry — Two
crossed sabers, one inch high, with the appro
priate letter above the Intersection, and ••Cal"
one-quarter of an inch high under the inter
section. ¦: Artillery— Two crossed cannons with
the number of the regiment or battalion above
and "Cal'- below the intersection, the latter
in gold embroidery or in gilt. Field and com
pany officers of infantry — Two crossed rifles
with the number of the regiment above and
"Cal" below the intersection, in gold, .gilt or
embroidered letters. Regimental adjutants,
quartermasters and commissaries and battalion
adjutants of artillery or Infantry, the same as
for other officers of artillery and infantry, ex
cept that they will wear in the lower angle of
the crossed /cannons or rifles in place, of the
abbreviation "Cal" the device in. gold or gilt
metal of the respective staff department to
which their duties correspond. . . . '
Field uniform — The field (khaki) uniform as
prescribed -by the army of the United States
is authorized to be worn by the national guard
of this State, but with distinctive State but
tons for enlisted men and collar Insignia for'
the officers.
The collar insignia on field (khaki) blouses
CAPTAIN HANSEN SORRY
THAT -HE APPEALED
Severely Censured by Supervising
Inspector Bermingham for Losing
the Steamer Willamette. • "-
Captain" John Hansen "was sorry yester-
day that he had taken an appeal from the
judgment of Captains Bolles and Bulger
suspending his license for one year for
losing the steamer Willamette, for Super
vising Inspector John Bermingham gave
him a more severe scoring, than did the
United States Inspectors of Steam Ves
sels. .:.-¦-"
Captain Bermingham rendered ; his de
cision yesterday, sustaining the judgment
of the inspectors. In his written opinion
Captain Bermlngham^ays that the-Wil
lamette -was a • fine' steamer, valued at
$200,000, and that she was lost near Van
couver Island* by being stranded -in foggy
weather "without getting a cast of the
lead.'.' The decision goes on to say that
the excuse Hansen made for not anchor
ing when the- fog set in was that he
wished to-, get through Portiers Pass,
about seventy miles . distant, at a given
time. He should have exercised better
skill In getting through the strait he was
i'a«-n navigj-.ting, , which required, four
. changes of coujso ma distance of about
ten miles. The decision concludes:
, "Had the appellant, who took the re
sponsibility of navigating the ship with
out a pilot— perhaps- by direction of her
owners — anchored her when the dense fog
set in she would now be in service and he
not here seeking relief from, the penalty
imposed by the lower court' in his "case.
As it was undoubtedly negligence and un
skillfulness on his part which caused the
stranding of the Willamette, which was
a valuable steamer, I cannot give him any
relief. Therefore the findings of the lower
court in his case must stand sustained."
Action by Request of the
.Chinese Minister at
; Washington.
Su Shih Ohin's Mission ,' Is
. One of a Revolution
ary Nature.
The .Collector,' of the Port received an
order yesterday from "Washington to ar
rest and detain for deportation Su Shin
Chin, the reform party leader, against
whose landing Minister Wu and Consul
General Ho Yow had filed a protest on the
ground that Su had obtained by fraud the
passport and other credentials upon which
he was allowed to land, .after having been
vouched for by the Chinese Minister at
..Washington.- Half an hour later Su was
arrested. by -Acting Chief Chinese In
spector j John R." Dunn and , Inspector
Gardiner and placed in the detention shed
at tho Mail dock..
Consul Ho Yow said yesterday that Su
was landed as an accredited official of the
Chinese empire, when in fact he was one
of the leaders of the revolutionary party,
which asserts that its purpose is to re
place the Emperor, Kwang- Hsu, upon
the throne. He obtained his passport by
representing himself to be an official of
the Chinese Government. Su came ' in
company with Loo Chin An and Siep Sung
Yung, graduates of universities and duly
accredited officials of the empire. For
this reason" Su also obtained entrance to
this country as an official. ¦¦¦
Su is a 'well educated man of 25 years
and has been . traveling in Kwang Tung
province, Shanghai; Macao, Japan, and
Hongkong, where the - Chinese Govern-,
ment could hot get hold of him. His mis
sion here is said to be the raising of a
fund to assist the revolutionists in their
attempt to seat Kwang Hsu upon the
throne. He must now prove his right. to
be landed as a tourist or a student.
• Siep Sung Yung, one of the traveling
companions of Su Shih Chin, visited the
office of The Call last evening, accompa
nied by Tong K. Chong, editor of the Chi
nese World, and made the following
statement:
¦ On the 6th of this month three travelers
from China were landed at this port by Col
lector Strattbn because they had passports and
so forth issued by the Chinese authorities at
Shanghai, which were indorsed by American
Consul Goodnow.
These men were landed immediately, as the
American law designates that a properly is
sued passport 'is the evidence which must be
accepted by this Government. There was no
objection to the landing of. these gentlemen,
except In one instance, namely, that of Su
Shih Chin, for the reason that his political
views are not in accordance with those of
the representatives of the Chinese Government
resident in this country. * .-
The~only crime of which' he Is accused Is
that of. his loyalty to the Emperor of China
and his opposition to the methods of the Dow
ager Empress and her Boxer, supporters. Su
Shih Chin is a deep scholar, and bears wtih
him the degree of Bachelor of Arts.
We are trying- to get him released this even-
Ing, and if, not successful, will get him out
without fail the first thing Monday morning.
CHINESE REBEL
UNDER ARREST
CAMP TO OPEN
ON SATURDAY
¦¦¦.;¦-* ¦ ¦ — : — - • .- ¦ ¦
New Insignia for Officers of
the National Guard Is
Adopted.
JLaveaga Heights City of
Tents Is Soon to Be
Ready.
; In the future the ¦ letters "N. G. . C",
which were used % on officers' collars ¦ to
designate the State Guard ' from the of
ficers of the regular army, will be discard
ed. It was expected that orders .to that
effect would be Issued before the division
camp was opened, but in lieu thereof the
following announcement from headquar
ters * in Sacramento K has" been- Issued, in
I All arrangements for the division < en
campment at Santa Cruz, which will be
opened' next Saturday, will be completed
by "Wednesday next. On Thursday a de
tachment from each 1 organization in the
State will be on the camp grounds to pre
pare the place for the State army that is
to come. On Friday Assistant Adjutant
Colonel Miles and a number, of the officers
of the staff of Major General Dickinson
will proceed to the camp. The major gen
eral will possibly leave the same day.
During the week in the city of tents there
will be no company drills, as the men get
enough of. that in the armories. There
will, however, , be field maneuvers, skir
mish drills and attacks and defense, also
marches ] in ' light and heaVy order. Once
or twice part, of the men will be sent at
nightfall to camp out all night ' and to
await a davbreak attack.
Trouble in Longshore
men's Protective
Association.
OFFICERS SHORT
IN THEIR CASH
Warrants Out for Arrest of
Treasurer and . Financial •
Secretary. C
Some weeks ago it came to the knowl
edge of the members i that Green was
playing the Taces and losing "money. At
a meeting about a month ago he was ac
cused of being short in' his accounts, but
stoutly denied it. He was asked to hand
over the Books for examination, *but re
fused, and not until it was threatened
that the matter would be taken into court
did he relent and hand over the books.
Since then Expert Thomas McGee ! has
been examining the books, and the result
Warrants .were Issued yesterday after
noon by Judge Cabanlss for the arrest, of
Frank Green, treasurer, j and John Ash
man, financial secretary of the Long-'
shoremen's Protective Association, ' on
complaint of P. J. Murphy, one of the
members of the association, on the charge
of felony embezzlement: It was said that
they intended leaving for Seattle at once,
and Detective Crockett got the warrant
to serve upon them. It is alleged that
Green is short in his accounts more than
$900 and Ashman $247.
THE SAN; FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUHE 9, 1901.
20
Dr. Talcott
& CO.
SPECIALISTS
For Every Form of Weakness
and Diseases of
\r 'if ,MEN ONLY
The oVigineto'r of the -No operation cur» CONSULTATION FREE
for Varicocele."
We make a particular specialty of Varicocele and the weakness that
usually accompanies it Our method cures it to stay cured, in one week,
or we make no charge. We use no knife, ligatures, suspensory or elec-
tric belt There is absolutely no pain or detention from business con-
nected with the cure. We have cured over 2000 cases without one fail-
ure or unpleasant result. We invite correspondence and the fullest inves-
tigation, and will give to those who are interested in this subiect let-
ters of introduction to cured patients, whom they ¦ may interview. Our
Home Treatment for Varicocele cures in four weeks.
la the various forms of general debility and convalescence following certain dis-
eases, such Is the lowered standard of the vital processes that the function of no
organ Is perfectly performed, and with the resulting depression the patient has a
REAL weakness. The physician's first thought, under these conditions, is nerve and
other tonics.
Not Weakness===Symptoms.
By far the greater number of patients, however, seeking relief for so-called "Weak-
ness" Is furnished by healthy and robust men. On examination -we find a Prostate
Gland, -which has been damaged by either a contracted disorder or early dissipation.
These patients have no weakness at all. Prematureness, Loss of Vitality, etc.. are
the symptoms, or disordered function, of the chronically Inflamed prostate gland. We
find by curing this inflammation that full vigor at once returns. It should be under-
stood that tonics, electricity, etc., might cure a real weakness, but would do h?rm
in Inflammation. The main object is to reduce the size of the tender, swollen and
inflamed prostate. This -we accomplish by local treatment, thus avoiding drugs. Hen
•who have unsuccessfully treated for a weakness should now understand the cause
of failure. We send free on application a colored chart of the organs, which will
be found useful in home diagnosis, and interesting to all wishing to study the an-
atomy of the male.
Offices and Hospital, entire floor,
997 Market Street, Cor. Sixth .St.
T4c
Kid. Glove Bargain
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
4000 .pairs LADIES'. TWO-
CLASP REAL KID GLOVES
in black, white. red, mode,
brown and tan. Formerly sold for
one dollar and one dollar and
twenty-five cents. -
SOc
• LADIES' and BOYS' BUCK-
SKIN AND DOGSKIN
GAUNTLET GLOVES, for
bicycling, driving or country
wear. Regular price . ninety
cents.*
MOSS' GLOVE STORE
1210 MARKET STREET,
Between Taylor and Jones.
All Gloves Fitted.
7 he Gypsy.
Testimonials as to the Wonder-
ful Character of Her Work
Com: From Prominent and
Well Known People, j
If Ismar, the wonderful Egyptian seer-
ess, who has her office at 114S Market
street, was at liberty to use the names of
some of the people to whom she has given
sittings, together with their testimonials
as to some of the wonderful work she has
done, there would be absolutely no room
for any doubt as to her ability to forecast
the future, as well as to tell of the past
as correctly as it could be told of by any
one in- possession of all the facts.
Ismar numbers among her patrons some
of the most prominent people of the city,
and the things she has correctly, predicted
concerning the future of, some of them
would, if properly connected, form an in-
tensely interesting story.
The following letter is self-explanatory:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 16. 1901.
Dear Madam: Being prompted through curios-
ity. I called for a reading with you and was,
indeed, very much surprised, as I have always
been somewhat skeptical. You told me my past
life better than I could myself, for I had for-
gotten several things you mentioned; you de-
scribed my family perfectly and told me things
no one knew of besides myself; your diagnosis
of my physical condition is correct, and your
advice on business has been very, valuable to
me.
In view of all this I do not hesitate to say I
have the utmost confidence in your ability to
foretell the future. You are certainly the most
remarkable person I have ever met and cannot
be recommended too highly. I wish you the
success you deserve. Yours very sincerely. '
JOHN S. FORD.
P. S.— You can publish this letter if you
wish to for the benefit of skeptics.
Ismar receives a great many letters like
these, but, of course, is not always. at
liberty to make them public. They all go
to show, however, the confidence and- es-
teem in which she is held by persons who
have consulted her.
Ismar can be consulted daily from 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. at her office, 1148 Market
street, two doors below Welnstock & Lu-
bin's. Sundays by appointment only.
L. W. KNAPP.' M. D.
e » n ,,^ St ? ordll i al T- U ha * completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am "
Dey Sir— Your method worked -beautifully
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have completely returned and en-
largement is entirely satisfactory.",,
"Dear Sir— Yours was received and "T had no
trouble in making use of the receipt as directed
and can truthfully say it. is a boon to weak
me i u _.* am sreatly improved in size, strength
ana vigor. . ¦, . .. . . , „.
All -correspondence is strictly ; confidential,
mailed in plain, sealed envelope. . The receipt
ta hT It," 1 * •* kiD * and *• WIUlt » «very man
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of Buffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc., and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Klmply send your name and address to Dr. L.
W. Knapp. 1273 Hull building. Detroit, lllch.,
and he wlU grladly send the free receipt with
full directions bo that any. man may easily cure
himself at home. This is certainly a most gen-
erous offer, and the following extracts taken
from his daily mall chow what men think of
his generosity:
"Dear Sir — Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of. recent date. I ¦ have srlven your
trtauaeat a thorough test and the' benefit has
AD V ERTTSEMKNTS. j
ISMAB.
m *£^l£
I The Tondpess that Ladies have g«? finc I
I /furniture in their private rooms is a commendable J
I kind' of selfishness as it is an evidence of a true ap- g
I preciation of the beautifbl. ' This Mahogany |
B V Dresser depends principally upon fine finish and rich colored wood for Its |
I beauty though there is some artistic carving and the design a chaste one. |
1 The drawers are roomy and pull easily. French plate bevel mirror $37 |
/ nnirfpn \n*u orful lL en ? h f for i/ //\i\5r§^> 1
A UOIUen ttudK nap -the best part c^ / V\ \ VfiSES^^ U
Table nicely finished, neat of a country trip. *\- ' \ \ g? <§•§««• R
design and well made; 24 Can check it with • * 'f* 25 *^ N
inch top and handy shelf, your baggage; wEfis^"*' H
You'd expect to pay $3.00 folds up compactly; light enough to carry any- g
for it Fir«t Floor |.45 • where. Cosy arms on thfs one 75 CCIuS a
H -^~>t "I - * Cushion should be pleasing to the H
H 'M ¦ 1 "| w~\ "1 /^V ~f^\ e V« — should suggest comfort and rest H
a V^>4 VJt- O XX X v-/ XX through harmony in color and fashion- Eg
H ing. In the Drapery Department we H
M are ever en the lookout for novelties in | .
B y^t __ >-*. cushions. Among the many kinds is a E
IB i|B TTl TTl r^Ta T feather-filled, plump one with Turk- E
I V^V/XXXXXX\^X!L, is h patterned covering for $1.00- I
H "The Credit House." Six Stories High. K
1 p 33 t 2 o 5 t 2 e *t fl^UGoojs_Maijcgd^inPlawrt«fitf^y Private' ExciLgr H
I iTT^P^^^^^ "''''*'"5ijjc^ ' ' ' ' ; d>r v LxXw v#XXwO \^f XX \J X X Qt C/ 1 1 1 A/ C*.1r\. t (?*- ii
the infections/but endanger the lives
of all their friends and relatives. There's only one certain way of keeping
clean inside so as to* prevent disease and that is to take CASCARETS.
Perfect disinfectant and bowel strengtheners. All diseases are. ¦- .
LIVER XOINIC ____ *^**0&^'
P1IDC Sn^^^S^r«£^^%^ 'PIIRDR&ITCCft ™ss^»ss5ffi-4lh
1 18 Bid I on *!»« stomach, bloated bowelt, foul IflllMa^ftSSns 1 I™ B™ 0 a WSwm »oi«i. Sowitu > 1
WWIlli monlb, Iieadaclio, indlsesUon, pimples, UWllllflll 1 taBols? OTer atx mlllloB boxes • t v : 1
i_% people than all other dlseaiea together. It Is a > moncv Kfonded. 6o buy today, two uon boxes, c<Te theB»9 I
. starter for the chronic ailments and long years of fair, honest trial, aa 'per simple directions, and ifyoa ar»9 I \
¦nflTerins ' that come " aftervrards. No , matter what " not «**l» fl e*» *' 1 '« p ¦•!¦» one SOe box, return the unnsed GO« m | 1
— alls yon, start taking CASCABKTS to-day, for von 1 X * nd th ® em ? t v h »x *«> »• by mail, or the druggist iron* K| j
never Tet well ind b« wrfl »11 th« ti™« nltii whom you porchasod It, and B et your mon«y bacfe for oota U ' I
***** «i»vcr go* well and. DO wen ail me Htno Until boxes. TakeonridvlM uinattFpwhi>t»li<«ii .»<._»r~Z I I
l?.?i P Si T« u ?,H?JS, el * rlKnt * Take onr »d^*«ei •«*« day!^e»Hh wm^Slckk rol™w^Sd7on wUl^lS-Vtolda^mi i
With CASCABETS to-day, nnder am absolute gn*r- i yoaarststsvrtedthcnseo^AMJAJWET^. Book rree by malt
antee to care or money refunded. r ' . 4*» ' ' * ddre « : STEBLDiS BEMEDT CO., >Eff IDBJv. or,CHiailiO.^« (I
r ¦-.-:. ADVEBTISEMENT8.
Send Name and Address To-Day— You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
SUNDAY, JUNE 9.
Run rises.. ...4:47
Sun sets ...............7:30
Moon rises (third quarter) ...0:00 a. m.
Men merit their own " past and devise
their own future.
roll, J. J. Cornyn, James McCann, R. J.
Haynes, J. Fitzpatrick.^ ', _ , ! _.
Reception committee— Charles Holmes, Ed
ward Hunter, "William Hallinan. P. Farrell,
"W F Mlchelson, Thomas Kelly, J. McCann.
J. 'McGrath. Ed Hogan, Charles Beck, H. Gor
don, George Allbrlght.
The officers of the union are:
President, Charles Clements; vice president.
R. J. Haynes; recording secretary. J. J. Cor
nyn; nnanclal secretary. A. Carroll: treasurer.
James A. Wilson: trustees— James McCann J
FItzpatrick. Edward Hoffmann.
TANNERS AND BUTCHERS WILL WALK OUT UNLESS
EMPLOYERS COMPLY WITH DEMANDS OF UNIONS
Two more strikes are .impending and
may materialize to-morrow morning.
What are known in trades-union* circles
as the VFrench tanners" are up in arms
against a certain • firm. Slaughter-house
men at Butchertovra also have their griev
ances'and: they propose to insist on the
enforcement of the union rule regarding
the display of union cards.' '. "*
A meeting of the men that make patent
leathers, calfskins, kangaroo, skins, etc.,
was held last night at Maennerbund Hall,
at Twenty-fourth street and Potrero ave
nue. There j were many j speeches made,
proceedings ' being, conducted entirely in
the French language. A "strike against
present conditions was finally ordered.
Secretary Rosenberg and' other members
of i the Labor Council were j present," and
a firm stand will be taken.-
The Iron Trades Council will meet this
morning at 1133 Mission - street. Iron
molders are walking out > dally in many
of the shops that have heretofore not been
affected by the strike, but President Me-
Cabe says the situation is moat hopeful."
i .Some trouble is expected in many butch
er shops where ; union rules have ¦¦, been
agreed to, ; but where the union card is
not displayed. It Is said that the whole
salers have decided not to supply meat
to any one who displays the union card.
Secretary -Rosenberg says the card must
be shown or no union man' will patronize
the place. ¦ Efforts 'to adjust differences
will be made this afternoon. > ' - -
Two arrests ; of striking waiters were
made yesterday. An' altercation" between
Frank . Brlgham and George Plesslng, in
front 'of the Vienna Cafe, conducted by
Rudeger . & Loesch at 111 Lar,kin street,
resulted in the arrest of both. > Brlgham
was charged with- disturbing : the peace
and Plessing • with 7 disturbing the peace
and carrying concealed^ weapons.
, The trouble ' arose over -y, the .• right of
Loesch, an expert baker and confectioner,
to do his own- work. /Brlgham. : claimed
that Loesch had the . right as one of the
proprietors to do ¦ the work I If 1 he saw fit.
Plessing denied ¦ this > and then . things be
gan- to mix and both men ..were landed' in
jail.*. 1 Bail : for their : release was later fur
nished."-; ; -:f. >.'-'•;•.'.¦'¦¦:¦¦" ''¦¦'¦'.¦¦ ••,-;..¦:¦' :.-.:.'
' Secretary Rosenberg. of the Labor Coun
cil declines to I make ¦ public ¦ the - tenor ¦ of
• the circular/letter . addressed to | all labor
unions asking pecuniary assistance for the
4000 men now out on' strike. . "V ¦ . ' v •
The Boxmakers'/andv Sawyers' . Union
Local No. , 152 gave an entertainment and
dance last night at Odd 'Fellows'. Hall. A
large % crowd • was in attendan«e i and , the
following programme was rendered: -;
; Overture, } Dijeau's • orchestra; '; selection, ' Di
jeau's' ,• orchestra; ?-• barytone *¦ solo,", ••¦William
Caughlin ; song, } Harry '; S. ¦ , Coleman ; I Manhat
tan Quartet;, song -and 'dance,' Maude i Sharp;
solo ' P. ' F« • Dunswortlf; ; • musical ¦ selections,
Cullen and I McLaughlin ; song,"" Hon., George | C. ,
Brown ; ¦ coon - song i and I dance, x Lucinda Moran
and Liyla; ; Maple; » monologue artist, N. A fAuer
: ; back.' - ¦ •' ' •'.".:¦;- : :'¦¦ " ' ¦-'¦'...¦;;.'-.; ! . '.\'-\",
V The committees in charge were the fol
lowing: . ..;y--,' ¦-¦^'¦';'' ' V; 'v-:-' :, '/;' ¦" :
' 'Arrangement! committee— T.- : F. , Moran (chair
man), . P.' C. Muller, Charles .Ward, . H. ' Brock
owsky, i F. ". Dunnins."} '¦¦> '¦"<." "r-l'-V . ¦ -¦¦". V. ":¦•'¦. -¦'.- ¦.-'.-_
'¦ ¦ Floor manager,^ Joseph Brown; assistant floor
manager. X- M.' Halllnan: .. .;"'• ' ..:,": .'<¦•>• -r
. ; Floor ;.' committee— Jama* -a "Wilson, \ . Edward
Hoffmann. ' Charles ¦ "Wahl, John ' Daly, A. > Car-
Charles Albrecht, a well known mer
chant of Forest Hill, died , yesterday
morning in the Southern Pacific Hospital
of injuries received last Thursday by be
ing knocked down' by an electric car at
the intersection, of Fourteenth and Fill
more streets. , '
Mr. Forest was on his way to the Ger
man Hospital to visit his son, who has
been a patient there for nearly four
months. In alighting from • a car he
walked in front of a car running in the
opposite direction and received a fracture
of the skull, from the effects of which he
died. Mr. Albrecht. was a native of Ger
many. 67 years old, j a widower, and con
ducted a general merchandise store at
Forest Hill, Placer County.
Charles Albrecht Dies.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday fixed the ball of , Charles
Kewitz at $2000 and that of George Wern
er at $1000 and set the date of Kewltz's
examination for the 12th of this month
and that of Werner's examination for the
llt.h. They are charged with manufactur
ing, counterfeiting molds and dies.
Counterfeiters Bail Fixed.
Fall in Line To-Morrow.
This Is going to . be the day • when A a
clean ' sweep will be made at the bank
rupt shoe sale. | The table is loaded with
shoes for ladles, misses and children; 1000
pairs will be sold to-morrow, for 50 cents
a pair. You can take the. size you want,
for in this lot of shoes, notwithstanding
they cost $2 50 and being up -to date, the
sizes run up to No. 8, yet they will go for
50 cents a pair at th© bankrupt shoe sale
of the California Shoe Company, 1506
Market street, above City Hail avenue.
AV. F. PIPHER; receiver. •
TO ARRIVE.
XOTE — In the exposition of the tides
the earlj* morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the.
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights Riven
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) s=ign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
The Fire Commissioners looked over all
these bids carefully but deferred action.
Under the bids Scott &• Magner would
seem to have first place. Before the bids
were opened it was common talk among
the hay men that Scott & Magne*»would
be found to be the lowest bidders for hay
and that there is a ring to get a large
price from the city.' The story is also
that a combination was formed some time
ago which was to have included the Pre
sidio, but there was a break and the re
sult was that the Presidio people got their
oat hay at $11 per ton while the city was
to pay $1 50 per ton more. ¦ ¦ • ¦
Offers to Supervisors.
While the "Fire Commissioners were
opening bids the Supervisors' Committee
on Hospitals and Health had also hay
bids to consider. This committee 'has to
provide for supplying the county jails,
police patrol. City Prison, Almshouse,
Emergency Hospital and Insane ward of
the department of health and the Coron
er. The bids to the committee varied from
the figures before the Fire Commission
ers. The best wheat hay bids wM^e as
follows: •. .'• - .._'•..
D Keefe, $15 88; H. P. Smith & Son. $14 90; J.
L Vermeil. $14 25; Scott & MaRner, ?13 73; Som
ers & Co.. $14; Ryan & Ryan, $14 49.*
Only one bid was. made to supply the
Almshouse with mixed wheat and oat hay
—that of Scott^A Manner, $12 73. The con
tract for supplying ¦- the, Emergency Hos
pital Is bid for by only one firm, Peters &
Cowie. which made a price of $13 95. It
will be noticed that these prices are high
er than those made before the Fire Com
missioners. The oat hay required by tho
Fire Commissioners amounts to 1000 tons.
ALL of the sugar fleet listed to ar
rive, save two, have made port.
During the last week they came
in half a dozen at a time, and
should the Rosamond. 15 days
out from Honolulu, and the Colum
bia, 24 days out from Eleele, get in to
day there would be a clean sweep for the
first time in years. Of course there are
plenty of vessels "on the berth" at island
pcrts, and some of them may have sailed
Fince the Gaelic and Zealandia left Hono
lulu, ten days ago, but of all that are '
known to have been on the way only the
Rosamond and the Columbia have still to
be heard from.
The bark Wallace B. Flint was the last
sugar boat to get in. When nine days out
the was within 500 miles of San Francisco.
Strong head winds then came up, and in a
heavy nor'wester on the 1st insL Captain
Johnson had to stand off shore. The
bark's decks were flooded again and
airain, but luckily no damage was done.
For more than a week now the prevail
ing wind has been from the northwest
and blowing strong at that. Yesterday
:t was piping along at the rate of forty
eight miles an hour and the Flint came in
flving before it. Many of the sugar boats
suffered more or less In the heavy
weather, but the captains and owners did
not mind that eo long ' as a week was
clipped off the passage.
PEEHAPS BTHtlTED AT SEA-
The fate of the American four-masted
bij-k BusQueaanna is what the marine un
derwriters ¦would like to learn. On De
cember 15 last she sailed from Norfolk,
Va.. with a careo of coal for Uncle Sara's
ships at Manila. She -was spoken on Feb
ruary 5 In latitude 27 degrees south, longi
tude 27 degrees west, and since then noth
ing has been heard of her. Several coal
vessels are overdue, and Saturday the un
derwriters must have received Eome news,
for late in the afternoon they offered 55
I>er cent to reinsure the Susquehanna'a
chances.
On the British ship Llnwood, now out
201 days from Manila for New York. 75
per cent Is being paid, but the American
chip is only 174 days out and still 55 per
cent is offered. The Susquehanna Is one
of the finest wooden vessels ever turned
out of the Bewails* shipyards at Bath, Me.
£he was built in 1301, and is 2590
tons net burden, 273 feet 6 Inches long, 45
feet 1 inch beam and 19 feet 1 Inch deep.
She was last here about a year ago, and is
in command of Captain M. T. Bailey, who
was formerly mate of the Erskine M.
Phelps.
The oil-laden ship Manchester, long 1
overdue at Yokohama: the sugar-laden
Aladdin, overdue at Sydney, and the coal
laden John McDonald, overdue at this
pert, are still quoted at 90 per cent, but as
far as the Manchester and McDonald are
concerned nobody ever expects them, to
be heard from again.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Carrolltoa will load coal at Tacomn. for
Hilo: the H. C. Wrirht. lumber at Everett for
K&hulttt; the Irronrard, merchandise at this
port lor Honolulu.
Merchandise for Mexico.
The eteamer Curacao sailed Friday for
Guaymu with a general cargo, to be landed
at various Mexican ports, valued at $63,300, in
cluding the following merchandise:
Thirty-two cs axle grease. 22.&00 lbs blue-
Ftone. 149S lbs bone ash. 15S7 lbs, 74 tins bread.
50 ctls barley. 28 bdls brooms. 178 bales bags,
5O00 lbs bran. 20 cs bottled beer, 3064 lbs cheese.
71 cs canned goods. 25 coils cordage. £8 tons
coal. 60 bbls cement, 46 cs dry goods. El cs
drugs, 1S2J lbs. 10 cs dried fruit. 25 cs electrical
supplies. 153 bbls flour, 42 pkgs furniture, 55 cs
fuse. 165 pkgs fruits and vegetables. 1240 pkgs
groceries and provisions. Zl cs glassware. 710
cs hardware, 5 bales hoee, 322 Ir— ham and
bacon, 60 bales hay, 129 bdls Iron, 2. cs liquors,
19 pigs lead, 30 kegs white and red lead. 143.612
ft lumber, 27,608 lbs malt, 134 pkgs machinery.
41 kegs nails, 736 lbs nuts, 159 cs oiU. 16 crs
onions. 149 lbs opium, 231 crs potatoes, 170 bdls
paper, 129 pkgE paint, 324 bdls pipe. S7 cs paste,
201 flasks quicksilver. 7850 lbs rosin, 68 pkgs
railroad material, 12 cs salmon, 6 crs stoves,
19 crs sewing machines, 15 bdls spices, 12 bdls
shovels, 2G0 bdls shingles, 27 cs shoes, 71 kegs
staples, 48 cs stationery, 45 kegs spikes. 1002 lbs
soda, 230 bdls shooks, 7 pkgs^bhip chandlery,
33.416 lbs tallow, 10 cs tar, 15 pkgs wagon ma
terial, 24 cs whisky, 52 cs, 5139 gals wine, 33
reels wire.
An Additional Manifest.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
steamer Palena, which sailed Friday for Val
paraiso and way ports, carried merchandise for
Central America valued at 52476; for Mexico,
?2&69;. Panama, $477. The manifest included
the following:
For Central America^-125 bbls flour. 50.000 lbs
salt. 20,000 ft lumber, 16 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 15 pkgs paste, 113 mats rice, 20,cs
oil, S6 cs tar, 16 pkgs paint. 10 reels wire, 10
keg* Staples. ,
For Mexico-^- pkgs groceries and . provisions,
13 cs bottles, 413 cs hardware, 2 cs drugs, 2 cs
rubber goods, 148 gals wine, 10 cs bottled beer,
9ST0 ft lumber. ! "r
For Panama— 100 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. ••• - •-.;} .¦» .«- .
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Eurasia cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for., orders , with 63.475 ctls
wheat, yalued at J65.000.. and 19.000 ft lumber
as dunnage, valued at $290.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- Saturday, June 8.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 16 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Stmr Eureka. Jesatn, 21 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicolson; 48 hours from
Santa Cruz Island. " . -. '
Bark Wallace B Flint, Johnson. 14 days from
Honolulu.
• Ft bark Beaumanlor, Andraln, E6 hours from
Newcastle, NSW.
6chr Bender Bros, Wetzel, 8 hours from
Fishermans Bay.
CLEARED.
Saturday, June 8.
Stmr Ooronado, Johnson. Seattle; Thomas
Pollard.
Stmr Zealandla, Dowdell. Honolulu; J D
Epreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr City of Sydney. McLean. Panama, etc;
Pacific Mall SS Co.
Br ship Eurasia, Hughes, Queenstown; L
KaufTrnan.
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu: Welch & Co.
Bktn Planter. Chase, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co. "
Brig Consuelo, Page, Mahukona; The Chaa
Nelson Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. June 8.
Btmr Cltr of Sydney, McLean. Panama and
way ports.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. San Pedro.
6hlp Charmer, Slater, Taeoma.
¦ Brig W G Irwln, Garthley, Roche Harbor.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Volant, Halversen, Port Ludlow.
Schr Melancthon. Hennlngsen, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Gotama. Semsen, Coos Bay.
Schr General Banning; Bennerwitz. Grays
Harbor.
SPOKEN.
May . lat 44 N. Ion 10 W— Br bark Fal
klrk^ from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 7— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 7— Etmr Farallon, for
Skaguay. • .
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived June 8— Schr Robt
Searles, from Port Blakeley. ¦
Sailed June 8— Bktn Klikitat, for. Port -Gam
ble. - , . .
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived . June ¦ 8— Chll
bark Altcar, from Callao. - ,-¦
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 7— Schra
Henry Wilson and Jennie- } Stella, from • San
Pedro; schr Halcyon. . from Altata; ; bktn En
core, hence May 26.
Sailed June 7— Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco. ¦¦'
SOUTH BEND— Sailed June 8— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed in June 8— Schr Stlm
son, from San Pedro, for Ballard.
Passed outward June 8— Nor stmr Tellus,
from Oyster Harbor, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 6— Dutch bark
Pax. from Orezon.
CORONEL— Sailed June 6— Stmr Asuncion,
for Ban Francisco.
DOVER— Passed June 7— <3er Btmr Desterro,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LOJCDOX— Sailed June 8— Stmr Rosarian. for
Montreal.
BEACHT HEAD— Passed June 8— Stmr Tot
mes, from San Francisco, via Guayaquil, etc,
for Hamburg. - ' ' ¦
HAMBURG — Arrived June 7 — Stmr Colombo,
from New York.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed June •— Stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Portland, Or, and St Vin
cent. C V. for orders.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 8— Stmr Bovic, for
New Tork; stmr Umbrla, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed June 8— Stmr Vaderland.
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed June &-Btmr L»'Aqultalne,
for New Tork. • • . - '
CHERBOURG— Sailed June 8— Stmr St Paul,
from Southampton, for New York.
¦ NEW YORK— Arrived June 8— Stmr La Lor
raine, from Havre. * . •
Sailed June S-^Stmr Menomlnee, for London;
ftmr Etrurla, for Liverpool; stmr Patricia, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr
Potsdam, for Rotterdam ; Etmr Anchoria, for
Glasgow.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. TT. • S. N., . Mer
' chants* •• Kxchange. Ban Francisco, CaL.-
June 8, 190L • . ~."
The time ball did not drop to-day owing, to
signals being very Irregular.
J. C. BURNKTT.'
'Lieutenant, U. S. N., retired, in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times Rnd Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to \ San
. Francisco Bay. Published by. official au
thority of the Superinienaent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort. Point;
tne height of tide is the same at both places.
FOUR-MASTED BARK STJSQUEHAXKA AND SHIP SIERRA PADROSA OFF CAPE HORN. SUBSEQUENTLY
THE SUSQUEHANNA LOADED COAL. AT NORFOLK FOR MANILA. SHE IS NOW LONG OVERDUE AND
K PER CENT REINSURANCE IS BEING PAID ON HER.
Rosamond and .the Columbia Only Ones Still to Be Heard From-American
Ship Susquehanna, Long Overdue at Manila, Is Causing Marine Under
writers Much Uneasiness-Ice in Bering Sea Bars Way to Goldfields
NUMEROUS ARRIVALS DURING WEEK
LEAVE ONLY TWO SUGAR BOATS DUE
Sliall the city and county, pay $2 more
per ton for its hay than private individu
als? That is the question confronting
the Supervisors and the Fire Commission
ers. Bids were opened by a committee of
the Supervisors and also by the Fire
Commissioners, in two departments of the
city . government | yesterday, j The figures
showed that an attempt 'is on foot to get
from the city two extia_,dollars per ton
for oat hay, notwithstanding that the
city and county. ' are large purchasers.
This article, guaranteed to ~be prime.V is
freely offered by dealers in the city to
private consumers for $10 50 per ton. Yet
at the City Hall the bids for public sup
piles ranged from $12 43 per ton, which
was the lowest for oat hay, up to $13 90
per ton. Last year the hay men who
were bidders ran the price up so high
tha: all bids were thrown out by the Fire
Commissioners, who readvertised for. pro-:
possls. All the members of the Board of
Fire Commissioners were in their seats
yesterday morning, when- the bids were
piled up on the table. In the- room were
two score merchants, the articles called
for representing' a variety of lines. A
group of hay merchants were in the
party. . , ' ,-ff£ . v
Bids Before Commissioners.
The hay bids were as follows: . .
Commissioners May Reject
All I Offers That Have
Been Made. '
HAY BIDS OPEN
OFFICIAL EYES
Discrimination/ Against
City Is Found in*
Figures. - : -.
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 9; 1901;
21
Time Time Time I Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H Wj • ' L W H W L W
9 .'..I 4:16 4.3 10:29 O.9| 5:30 5.4 11:46 1.8
10 ..1 5:43| 4.0lll:26| 1.41 6:14 5.6|
|L \V| |H Wl IL. Wl IH W
11 .. 0:44] l.ll 7:01] 4.1] 12:19] l.S 7:00 5.9
12 ... -1:441 0.4| 8:24! 4.11 1:14 2.1 .7:46| 6.2
13 .. 2:W|—0.2| 9:S0| 4.3 2:08 2.4 8:301 fi.4
14 ... 3:331-0.8! 10:34! 4.4 3:00 2.6 9:18 6.6
15. .. 4:101—1.1] 11:29] 4.S 3:50 2.S|-iO:C6| 6.7
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Strathgryle China via San Diego... June 9
Fulton Grays Harbor June 9
Queen 6an Diego:... ............ June 9
City of Para.... Xanatmo June 9
San Pedro HuraboMt June 9
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts. June 9
Empire Coos Bay June 9
W. H Kruger. San Pedro June 10
Mackinaw Seattle June 10
Pomcna Humboldt : June 10
Ventura........ Sydney & Way Ports.. June 10
Tellus., ........ Oyster Harbor-. ..June 10
Alliance .... Portland and Coos Bay June 11
Condor Tacoma June 11
North Fork ¦ Humboldt .. June 11
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports June 11
Newburg....... Grays Harbor June 11
Rival .;. Wlllapa Harbor June 11
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... June 11
Acme SluElaw River June 11
Progreso Tacoma June 12
Colombia....... Valparaiso & Way Pts. June 11
Noyo Humboldt June 12
Santa Barbara Ban Pedro June 12
Eureka Humboldt June 13
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcm June 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena June 13
Corona Newport ...June 13
Santa Rosa San Diego June 13
H'kong Maru.. China and Japan June 14
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. June 14
Arcata Coos Bay June 15
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
June 0.
Zealandla Honolulu
Mandalay...... CoquiUe River
Santa Rosa... San Diego
Jane TO.
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle & Hadlock.
Brunswick... Nome & Teller....
Arcata Coos Bay
Eureka Humboldt :...
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay ...
CityofPuebla Puget Sound Ports.
June 11.
Pomona Humboldt
Bonita Ban Pedro
June 12.
Santa Barb... Humboldt
Empire Coos Bay
Queen... San Diego
Columbia Astoria & Portland
June 13.
Acme... Sluslaw River......
Ban Pedro.... Humboldt
Alliance Portl'd & Coos Bay
June 14.
North Fork. . . Humboldt
Gaelic. China & Japan....
Newburg Grays Harbor ....
. . • . June 15. »
Walla Walla. Puget • Sound Ports
Noyo.. Humboldt .'.........
Corona........ Newport ........:...
Point Arena.. Point Arena
11 am
10 am
9 am
5 pm
6 pm
4 pm
12 m
6 pm
11 am
1:30 p
9 am
2 pm
10 am
9 am
11 am
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 16
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier »
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 24
11am
10 am
Pier IS
Pier 2
Pier 16
9 am
1 pm
5 pm
Pier 3
PMSS
Pier 2
11 am
10 am
9 am
2 pm
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Cottage City. .. Skaguay & ¦Way Ports. June 9
Chas. D. Lane. S'omo direct June 10
Bertha. Valdez & Way Ports.. June 10
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. June 12
Alkl..... Pkaguay & Way Ports. June 14
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 15
Jeanle.. ........ Nome direct June 15
Nome City..... Nome, Teller & Topkuk June 15
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. June 16
Dlrlgo SkaRuay & Way Ports. Juno IS
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 18
FIRMS.
55
p
t->
of
8-
¦'• P '
•¦ a :.
No
• Q.1
¦ 2.*
X • ¦
O3 -
: a
114 65
13 48
12 98
13 29
14 44
14 00
13 06
$14 25
•-V
$18 90
D. Keefe
Egan Bros !
Scott & Magner...
Somers & Co.. !
H. P. Smith & Son
J. L. Vermeil & Co
S. Anspacher
• 12 98
13 24
14 25
• 13 60
15 06
"1298'
........
I' '12*48*
I........
w 66"
"13' 66"
12 so
FIRMS.
55
p
t->
of
8-
¦'• P '
•¦ a :.
No
• Q.1
¦ 2.*
X • ¦
O3 -
: a
114 65
13 48
12 98
13 29
14 44
14 00
13 06
$14 25
•-V
$18 90
D. Keefe
Egan Bros !
Scott & Magner...
Somers & Co.. !
H. P. Smith & Son
J. L. Vermeil & Co
S. Anspacher
• 12 98
13 24
14 25
• 13 60
15 06
"1298'
........
I' '12*48*
I........
w 66"
"13' 66"
12 so
Time Time Time I Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H Wj • ' L W H W L W
9 .'..I 4:16 4.3 10:29 O.9| 5:30 5.4 11:46 1.8
10 ..1 5:43| 4.0lll:26| 1.41 6:14 5.6|
|L \V| |H Wl IL. Wl IH W
11 .. 0:44] l.ll 7:01] 4.1] 12:19] l.S 7:00 5.9
12 ... -1:441 0.4| 8:24! 4.11 1:14 2.1 .7:46| 6.2
13 .. 2:W|—0.2| 9:S0| 4.3 2:08 2.4 8:301 fi.4
14 ... 3:331-0.8! 10:34! 4.4 3:00 2.6 9:18 6.6
15. .. 4:101—1.1] 11:29] 4.S 3:50 2.S|-iO:C6| 6.7
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Strathgryle China via San Diego... June 9
Fulton Grays Harbor June 9
Queen 6an Diego:... ............ June 9
City of Para.... Xanatmo June 9
San Pedro HuraboMt June 9
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts. June 9
Empire Coos Bay June 9
W. H Kruger. San Pedro June 10
Mackinaw Seattle June 10
Pomcna Humboldt : June 10
Ventura........ Sydney & Way Ports.. June 10
Tellus., ........ Oyster Harbor-. ..June 10
Alliance .... Portland and Coos Bay June 11
Condor Tacoma June 11
North Fork ¦ Humboldt .. June 11
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports June 11
Newburg....... Grays Harbor June 11
Rival .;. Wlllapa Harbor June 11
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... June 11
Acme SluElaw River June 11
Progreso Tacoma June 12
Colombia....... Valparaiso & Way Pts. June 11
Noyo Humboldt June 12
Santa Barbara Ban Pedro June 12
Eureka Humboldt June 13
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcm June 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena June 13
Corona Newport ...June 13
Santa Rosa San Diego June 13
H'kong Maru.. China and Japan June 14
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. June 14
Arcata Coos Bay June 15
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
June 0.
Zealandla Honolulu
Mandalay...... CoquiUe River
Santa Rosa... San Diego
Jane TO.
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle & Hadlock.
Brunswick... Nome & Teller....
Arcata Coos Bay
Eureka Humboldt :...
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay ...
CityofPuebla Puget Sound Ports.
June 11.
Pomona Humboldt
Bonita Ban Pedro
June 12.
Santa Barb... Humboldt
Empire Coos Bay
Queen... San Diego
Columbia Astoria & Portland
June 13.
Acme... Sluslaw River......
Ban Pedro.... Humboldt
Alliance Portl'd & Coos Bay
June 14.
North Fork. . . Humboldt
Gaelic. China & Japan....
Newburg Grays Harbor ....
. . • . June 15. »
Walla Walla. Puget • Sound Ports
Noyo.. Humboldt .'.........
Corona........ Newport ........:...
Point Arena.. Point Arena
11 am
10 am
9 am
5 pm
6 pm
4 pm
12 m
6 pm
11 am
1:30 p
9 am
2 pm
10 am
9 am
11 am
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 16
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier »
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 24
11am
10 am
Pier IS
Pier 2
Pier 16
9 am
1 pm
5 pm
Pier 3
PMSS
Pier 2
11 am
10 am
9 am
2 pm
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Cottage City. .. Skaguay & ¦Way Ports. June 9
Chas. D. Lane. S'omo direct June 10
Bertha. Valdez & Way Ports.. June 10
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. June 12
Alkl..... Pkaguay & Way Ports. June 14
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 15
Jeanle.. ........ Nome direct June 15
Nome City..... Nome, Teller & Topkuk June 15
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. June 16
Dlrlgo SkaRuay & Way Ports. Juno IS
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 18
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAPE-NUTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
YOU CANNOT CURE PILES
By Internal Hemedies.
The only sure way to cure every form
of piles is to use a remedy like thePyra-
mid Pile Cure, which is applied directly
to the; parts affected, and its .wonderful
healing effects are apparent from the
first application, because the medicinal
.properties are rapidly absorbed by tissues
¦and- sensitive 'membranes of the rectum,
and the cure is made speedily, and almost
before the patient is aware of, it every
trace of piles 'has- left him. . - .- . "
This is one of the reasons why the Pyra-
mid Pile Cure has been so uniformly buc-
cessful. ; It is applied directly just where
it is needed and where it-will do the most
good. Not by the roundabout way of the
stomach nor the harsh, barbarous meth-
ods of various surgical operations and 6O-
called systems. . • . . .
Direct application to the seat of'diiwaso
is the only rational way, and this is fully
accomplished by the Pyramid Pile Cure.
¦ If the voluntary testimony of thousands
who have tried this remedy is worth any-
thing, then no sufferer has any excuse for
longer delaying in giving it a fair trial,
knowing that when you do so the Pyramii
Pile Cure will have made one more friend,
the best possible . advertisement we. can
have. The chiei advantages of the rem-
edy are: It pures •-without ¦¦pain,- the' euro
Is lasting. It contains no poison, and last-
ly, «it is the cheapest and quickest 'cure
vet found. Your druggist can tell you
what it has done for others. - < . ; '.¦ • >
¦Testimonials of cures from all parts of
the United States : will .be sent on appli-
cation to the Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
'¦Mich.; . " . . ¦-.•.-; ..... ; :^'.l:
PUTS THE "GINGER" IN.
The Kind of Food Used by Athletes.
A former college athlete, one of the
long distance runners, began to lose his
power of endurance. His experience with
a change in food Is interesting.
"While I was in training on the track
athletic team, my daily 'jogs' became a
task, until after I was put on Grape-Nuts
Food for two meals a day. After using
the Food for two weeks I felt like a new
than. My digestion was l>erfect. nerves
steady and I was full of energy.
"I trained for the mile and the half mile
runs (those events which require so much
endurance) and then the long daily 'jogrs,'
which before had been such a task, were
- clipped off with ease. I won both events.
"The Grape-Nuts Food put. me in per-
fect condition and gave me my 'ginger.'
Not only was my physical condition
made perfect, rind my weight increased,
but my mind was made clear and vigor-
ous so that I could get out my studies in
about half the time formerly required.
JCow most all of the University men use
Grape-Nuts, for they have learned its
value, but I think my testimony will not
be amiss and may perhaps help some
one to learn how the best results can be
obtained. Please do not publish ray
name."
There -is a reason for the effect of
Grape-Nuts Food on the human body and
brain. The certain elements in wheat
and barley are selected with special ref-
erence to their power for rebuilding the
brain and nerve centers. The product is
then carefully and scientifically prepared
so a* to make it easy of digestion. The
physical and mental results are] so ap-
parent after two or three weeks' use < as
to produce a profound impression. .-The
Food can be secured at any first-class
grocery, «tore. ~ -- .. ...
The Prescription Is Sent Free to Any-
-j one Who Writes. ;
A new Bdentlflc means of curing weaknesses
of men and diseases peculiar to the sex' has
at last been discovered, ' and ; the prescription
is being offered free to all who iend name and
address. .
•Dr. U. G. Llpes, "1435. Stevenson / building,
Indianapolis, Ind.. is the discoverer . of . this
remarkable new j system of treatment, and he
says there, is now no difficulty in curing:' the
worst cases which may arise from diseases of
this, nature. * '
The Doctor has made a long Btudy of Sexual
Disorders and '" he ' claims • to have found the
exact medicine which removes all traceB 'of
debilitating disease" from the human: system,
restores the fire and buoyancy of youth, and
euppUes the strength of; body and nerves that
all wish for but so few possess.' Impotency, 5
nightly emissions, ? varlcocele, nervousness and
kindred troubles disappear in a j marvelously
short space ' of ' time, "while ; any weakened - or
emaciated organs are restored ;in a ' very few
days to' thslr^ natural elze; and vigor. '. ,-
; When you : Btop to consider the possibilities
of loving and being loved as only strong, well
and happy men can" be it does seem "that any
sexually weak man. should no 'longer ' hesitate,"
but write 'at i once for the receipt which costs
absolutely' nothing. .There -are no restrictions
whatever, as 1 Dr." Llpes | is anxious that ; every
afflicted man-, who, needs ,it should \ have ;,the
benefit of one of; his .free prescriptions with-
out' delay. " The treatment ''. can be used In the
privacy ; of your own , home without the knowl-
edge of even' your moat; intimate friend' or as-
Bociate.;./... '.. '¦.'.':,' . : ' ' f r'^ : * V-'.i^'t^
..-¦, Write ; to-day, and ; learn;', that while •. the . re^
ceipt costs you nothing - at all, , it '. may. j change
your.-.whole :. existence r from j one X of " misery I to
a continuous life of pleasure and happinew.
A New and Successful Method
o* Restoring Weakened Phys-
ical. Powers,. Curing , Sexual
Weakness, Nerve Exhaustion
and Lost Vitality.
FREE TO WEAK MENw
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
1 i i 1
I ONE OF THE MANY OFFER- 5c A SMALL PRICE, BUT A 7i!r .*«•; ""tf''? ,,,,, I
J ' IN6S is: SHIRT-WMSTS. , USEFUL ARTICLE, NE Ll, fl SLF, AC ILLU 'I
M LADIES' SHIRT WAIST, made of SHOE BUTTONS and a SHOE • SlQN BOW? »
W. good, strong percale; new bishop BUTTON KASTENERT A box con- ' „„„' m4 ._, B
«k sleeves and detachable collar: in all taining 36 shoe buttons and patent et 8 .?®;-^ t«n «^ th. oAiia? 9
I the newest patterns and colors; front fasteners. -This does away with the ?^ u "f_^ t e _^P " f a *^lJ»"" W
iv finished -with , three points. • Tour use of needle and thread. Price com- the newest rosette at the back.25c 9
g|f. choice of many different styles. .49c plete ....^>c Joe Rosenberg does things correctly. «
1 V iNfiPPFBimr IN • Bf I TQ ARC I?J VnRIlP LADIES'PURB BELFASTLINEN 1
a AN OFFERING IN- , DtLlO AKt In YUtiUUi HANDKERCHIEFS, neat and small :W
J FLANNELETTE KIMONOS AND of T o h^ -&T- 8T»JS?!Kr SJffi1St.fi I
I DRESSING SACQUES. tie L 3 adies - "^ 3ust think h 12 " lc 1
h. No two alike. Odds . ««J» DO YOU SOIL YOUR DRESS I
*?¦ " rfj^? frora'the manufacturer; ; "f.j. nf " tr a Illincn THE inilOO V
&T- '}^K?&^ UNDER THE ARMS? «
wrCV\r*S. Ish; trimmed with fancy «>„«- . n j - ' • ' • ,r ¦ . » - iff
/•fP&rA braid and frogs; loose f fl , tP n^' l?ih an Pitn stmne eiit Here /s a Preventive. M
i :•*£* ±J^\y cuA ¦ «??(»-»«*¦ r*r\r» f honv t# _ fl iasiencu ¦ vvilii an extra oirons Kii t - gp
, ¦ /^^r^a w ™nr Jtb w buckle.Our money saving price. 25«; The OX-AND-OFF SHIELD. It Is I
\ V^SPiS?^ about one-half «al and morocco, the new dip shape. *n*r needed; can be used on any /B
| . ' -. iV)^ 1 7°?/.. : . -95c ana T3c • finished with two buckles, cross It is slipped over the arm V
H , x i^' 4O ° ends, well sewed, with paten* eye- and- fastened -with a patent pin: Just M
n uir Vnr wit'A' nr tup i/nin-» lets - A novelty, but not at a novelty tne shl eld for ehirt waists and sum- »
I WE ARE KING OF THE KINGS' P-e ...:,„...,........ ...TSc m R^ r m S m e e S n dedbyph ys . C ian 3 ; worth I
J .OF CORSETS. WONDERS NEVER CEASE AT Z£S±^«&? 1 $^..£gZ I
fe ' Do not blame your •- dressmaker if DnCCMDCDfi'C f.'*S » m w » •» «. ,j ¦ «
\a , your dress does not fit you. Inspect nUotllDLnU Oi ¦ tQ, Last Week We Sold ||
I Com? Judge for Yourself. MORE LADIES' NECKWEAR I
' J r Our specialty, is fitting the hard to 500 pieces ¦ of VELVET ft*. ¦ _, „, . „ _ „ o . w
fi^.fit. 1 . / ' ' RIBBON, satin back, fiSV - Than We Have Ever Done Since »
El Here Is a corset that we guarantee' width No. 1— just -what *@?«k We've Been in Business. &
«i ¦ for ninety days. If you break a steel you want for dress trim- • >J^m _. . _,,, «__+._„_ +>,,_ , £f
inside of that time ANOTHER ONE mingrcomes in pink, blue an^ VI wil^offe? s"ni " ereater b£- tt
M FREE. ¦••¦.¦ ravy, old rose, > brown. / F*™^ - £!?iwl!l !wi «^fi TuVi er ea «r bar- m
B&1 It's called the new. TWENTIETH yellow, etc.. including^ i B t^tvtVs«' t tF£ at?« -^ — A
W CENTURY MAJESTY or PRIN- black; ten - yards to a t? > V^tioS f nd r f" B
» ottqc! r i n''n«STr l T I '¦• -¦¦ n u» P An urmarfliipifvi k£ ' veres. made of fine Venetian lace In tg
\ ¦ ¦ ThSi 2 th^VorsPt for **± Sfferine for a few davi thls season's newest designs, sailor W
, inis is tne corset ior jSWl onering ior a iew aavbgi . t v..^ _„,.-__ f rnr ,» ciur -nri^a o"»» Jl
stout people. -They are fSl.-onlyi ............15c »«»«r P 9Sc
M made of extra fine im- UVf ALSO 75 pieces of ¦ ' ' " • «^AJSv, LAD i ES WHITE LAWN Wl
'£* ported sateen. They brace .m^^L tu/actc VRVi'NC'H VEli- COLLARS and reveres, made of Hj
;g the body. They . do not . (C'Tv VET RIBBON sata' Br-J finest sheer lawn, trimmed with H
g bend nor break at the /ftSS*^?* hark tho hest' aualltv S« ~^B Valenciennes lace insertion and M
1 hips l The steels that are; (®CT / m&.toll n^ go^"2 (R- E tucks - S P ecIal 50e I
*& in the corset arethe best VAiff//\f ter* - ffl&i V ¦ ' w
fa tempered. ' They come in \ilmb. , T ' , ., o Q^ W£& I IT s TRUE. ¦ • fl
lengths. You W^\ N°- % \ 2c yard TUCOC COCH 5AIU1TT PVIITP O
lifde1^ei^i|e|^ilg|iPiie^ THESE $2-50 WHITE Slf' 0 TS |
I Our guarantee p r ice...........$3.S5% Hjs UCAMC MnMCV IM YOUR NOW $1.75. % I
if QnMPTmwn NFW ° 1« JS,JI ladies-white; y£X 1
f dUmClnhib ntiv > PRfiKFT skirts made of «xtn mJJssL' m
i, For women that want a perfect fig- - ;-ruui\J-l. . fine cambric, finished with • ®
V ure and yet cannot wear a corset. ~ LApiES' CHEMISE, made of fine six rows of tucks a, JjL'z^. 9
§ It's a WAIST and CORSET COM- Lonsdale cambric, tucked front, yoke *£™* J°?v°m ' o£ fi , ne &
- BINED made of extra fine sateen, finished with two rows of insertion Swiss embroidery. a!s- IftCf/jii^ %
S hook or button front, curved hip; and beading at; the top of very flno dust ruffle. Joe Rosen S^^S^ fl
iS easy and grraceful effect to the fig- wide Swiss embroidery. Neck and oerg s way of sell- . am
Ta ure. For h*alth and jcomfort this arm size, finished also with em- ing .*." SI. 75 1- &
jl waist has no equal. For invalids it broidery, full length and full width. . -. .. - Q W
-• ¦« is worth its weight in gold. Our They are a great bargain at * rew items trom uur m
W price .......... 8 .....:... 81.00 Our manufacturing price ...79c KNITTEfi I1NI1FRWFAR flFPT M
\[. CORSET FITTED FREE. HOW'S THIS? "abS CO^"aT^N Sf
I TQkvff^mfp^STlinrPV -^^S^arTn^^s^ 1
[TRAVELER'S LINE OF LADIES' jjg i.^i ns^n .^«^- , M^JSie* SL^^SS? f
¦V -UNDERSKIRTS ' ™£™ £?? &™k^eZ? m ik °™**<* i**^ p^e 3 o P I
. uiiuliiuixiiiiu _ every detail, your opportunity.. 75c ' SOME MORE GOOD VALUES tt
is/ rroin a manuractur- * • ; - . • -.. - , . . . +*
K K*-? er best known for ¦ \. " Tou Buy Tour - £j[k'\ " . dozen of LADIES' Sa
Vi _J r 'Cs • " style and quality. UaCICDV AT Dfl^CMDCnniO - VESTS, low neck, sleeve- tm
'\---W2$± We withhold the HJoltnT AI KOitNBtRo S *l*Y less, new lace effect, B
m I Fjfy/shn • name of the manu- „ ( . . . ; VI Swiss ribbed, made of fk
m I/P^'ln facturer, as that,; Tou Save Darning and Sore Feet. ' /Wm\ ' American silk, neck and
f«S (a&&$5£>M\ "''-' was - one of. the con-- Our hosiery is nicely finished, and f^'l)W£\ arm size crocheted and .»
i^iS^^l. clitions of :. the pur- is made to wear. • • .- - \$t!B$&\ run through with silk J3I
•'»'¦• Vfr%5^SC chase - Among^them EXAMPLE 1.-60 dozen of CHIL- HAlll/P) **?*> colors pink, blueand $9
B 1 are mercerized sa- DREN'S EVERLASTING STOCK- Yii'M&W ¦ "white. You can't match Eg
¦ 0.\ — *¦ ; teens, linen and INGS, made of XXX extra fine Pe- MlMM these for double the prico M
g gingham sklrts-^Just the skirts for rU vian yarn, Swiss ribbed, double M;)M ' we are asking 39c W
W this time of year. ",.,*.'.¦¦ • knees, heels and toes, elastic and l>\i if Va\other-!6 drvz^n of W
I IZ ed ad brack ki slt e^fVn f is b hea t : fofl^^^l^^ \ M " ™£»£ I
IliSSSa^SS EXAMPLE 2.-325 dozen LADlIs^ If ' Swiss rfbbed^neck"^ fi
I Knnpv <% nt\ HOSE. Among them are lisle thread • Ud arm slze crocheted and H
M thG rfV^'o"'/^^''^^ and Peruvian Cotton, lace effect. \*A run through with tape, M
§B NEXT— l^ADIES' LINEN SKIRT, ribbed and plain, also sizes; col- \,if Just the garment for sum- mr
fif made with three small > ruffles, full or3( tan and black, white or black , 1-7 mer wear. It will cost yox: WL
*2 width. A skirt for this season and a f eet# -yy e guarantee them fast colors MS more to laundry it than
W wonder'. 75c and- perfect in finish. Your oppor- I'/. the price we are selling i|
M AND MA-NV OTHERS. ¦>. tunity to buy themat this price.25c »A thisfort .10c «J
f iSr c pll e% l(\C DflQCWDCDP 816 market street, «° e o s ksand 1
I for JUt nUdLNutnbq BunnlngthroughtollO'Farrell, for J
2^c.^ Mail Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. * 1c.
I * ON SALE jS& 1
I MONDAY AND TUESDAY ~ jt 1
¦ A two days' salo of Dresses that will ; I* / 0
¦ astonish you. No one can afford to •"$£ j|
M make a dress when each a genuine . \jf 1-' 9
I bargain opportunity enables them to buy y A Cl
I a swell Tailor-Made dress all ready to - v > i |W g
1 wear FOR : LESS TJH AN THE MAKING' *) »|
I AND TRIilimiNGS^ COST.. " ¦* J . I S
fl - 190 "rich tailor made Cloth Dresses, all wool, Etons. / I \ fl
fl silk lined with vest and belt effects, either stitched It \\ M
¦ i or taffeta strapped, skirts cut the new styles and ' »/ / \\ *j
¦ perfect hanging. Pearl, silver grays, blues, browns A- / \ \ " Q
H and blacks. These dresses were very cheap at 522.50 ¦ /^^ &
B and $25.00. They - are ." all positively Cg£2 & t\ C ' < — ' » X-^ il
m wonderful bargains for Monday and \ \ $3
ffi Tuesday, only; at.*:. •..;:.'*;..•...;. . ivr * s -' v ' . _ J- ' -> R
I Taffeta^ilK.Hton -%fkle ; I
I , big success of . our" Taffeta Eton sale last week induces us to 9
¦ ' make an extraordinary offer for this week, so we will put on sale for SI
I . Monday and Tuesday only 133 elegant Heavy Taffeta Silk Etons. B
I H? k ?f and plain, small lace trimmed, some embroidered, elegantly H
I i-Sllk lined. Kltherof: these. Ktorib^were very cheap .for'C«/\ #\rk'
B ,"$16.50 and $18.00 each. so v theyare.wonderfurbargalns •P|l I I II I B
iM for Monday and:Tuesday-only,at;....;. .....„..•..„.....- ¦"• Vf V." ffi
ReallriskLiiveivJ^irls 1
-.200 heavy quality Genuine Irish Linen' Outing Skirts, cut with flare I m
'¦¦ or with flounce and tailor a trapped. B\-eiybody knows what real Irish i • fi
linen costs by the yard, soWe are confident these are the- best sum- 83
. mer outing skirt bargains of the season. Special sale t'"* "^»/v ; -i
Monday and Tuesday^only, your choice ......'.:.: j£»Ovf ' I
On All Special Sale Goods Alterafons Will Be Charged Extra. 1
1^ H22
. THE SAN-FRANCISCO :CA'LL;;^DAY^NE:: t 9:, : 19Ql.v
Bound for Samoa &nd China. .
The cruiser Philadelphia came down
from Mare Island yesterday after receiv
ing her ammunition and stores. She will
bejrfn coaling to-morrow and about the
end of the week will sail for Pago Pago.
Bhe Trill remain at the naval station there
for some time and it will probably be the
end of the year before she gets back to
Ban Francisco.
The battleship Iowa has finished coal
ing and will sail tMs week for Puget
Sound ports. She \rill remain north for
a week or bo and will then go to China,
replacing the Oreg-on on the Asiatic sta
tion.
¦ » ¦ ¦ .
Trapper's Oil cures rh.'utnatlsm and neuralgia-
CrcESlfte, EOc flask. Harare's & Co.. 406 Clay.'
Divorce Suits Filed.
Isaac B. Pepg has sued Rachel Pegg for
a divorce, alleging desertion as cause of
ecticn. William S. Forrest asks for a di
vorce from Alice; D. Forrest on the ground
of cruelty.
Crude Rubber From Cultivated Plan
tation.
The steamer "Palena" on June 5
brought 1050 pounds of clean crude rutabes
from La Zacualpa Rubber Plantation
first shipment of this year's crop, th<
largest single shipment received at thif
port, and the first from a cultivated plan^
tation. It was sold at once to the Bowers
Rubber Company,' but will be on exhibi
tion at the plantation offices. 703-4. Ciaus
Spreckels Building, for a week. •
Suicide of Herman Lundborg.
The b,ody of tha man found drowned
near the foot of Lombard street whar:
iast^Friday was identified at the morguf
ythterday as that of-. Herman . Lundborg,
an employe of Sherman & Clay. Lund
borg left home about two weeks ago
suddenly and all trace of him was lost.
He was unmarried. 25 years old and lived
I at 733 O'Farrell street.
IDENTITY OF FERRYBOAT SUICIDE
POSSIBLY SOLVED BY DESCRIPTION
James Wright Is^Positive That the^;Man>Who Leaped to Death From Deck
of the Steamer SausaHto Last Thursday Is His Brother Charles, Who^
He Claims Had Been Subject of Late to Fits ; of Despondency
the facts in the case, combined with state
ments made recently by ; the missing man
in-flts of despondency, Joseph -Wright
says he has no doubt that the suicide was
his brother. .. •
¦ Camera Club Tea.
The ladies of the - California Camera
Club held- their monthly ' tea .: in ¦ the
club "rooms. Academy of Sciences
building, yesterday, afternoon from 3 until
6 o'clock. Mrs." 1 ' W." B.' Webster, assisted
by ; Mrs. Baldwin. Mrs. Brurier and Miss .
Lyons, received the guests. -, During - the
afternoon there was music, singing and
recitations. Will "Webster; -Mrs.- J. Girvin.'
Mrs. Beckett. W.<B.' Webster' and Miss
Vallejo contributing to 'the splendid pro
gramme. . i. „. : : : •••¦'•;•.... ..
¦ .. ¦ — '¦ — ¦ ? ¦ : —
\ Thought to Be a Suicide.
Ellen Ryan., 3 Worth street, was found
by her ' husband - last Monday . lying un
cc nstclous - in the back yard j of their , resi
dtnee. She was removed to the City and
County * Hospital , where she - died Friday
afternoon. Her ¦ husband - informed the
Coroner that he suspected , that she had
taken poison. The- body was removed to
the Morgue and the contents of * the
stomach, were turned over to the City
Toxicologist for analysis., .
CONVERT TALKS
UPON HIS FAITH
Dr. De Costa of New
York Denounces ;v
" Public' Schools. :^;
. "•
"The public schools make • Rood.*pick
, ccl:ets and criminals." -said (Dr. Benjar
uln F. de Costa of.New York yesterday
n an interview.* He Js a ¦ native , cf . Bas
ior, was a cliarlaln in the- Union' army
and a rector of St. John the Evangelist's,
one of . the most; important Eplscipil.
churches in New York. , About two years
ago he resigned from the. church and be
came a convert to the Catholic church. , .,
''My conversion vvas not at ail hurried.''
-aid . Dr. de Costa. '.'It was of gradual
growth, and feeling that I was becoming
an old man and having a". firm conviction,
that the Catholic: faith was the only true
' religion I became a convert. ¦' .
" "The Episcopal church' in this'country
is split up Into' a 'thousand factions.
Bishop Potter is the controller of "the
bread church movement, and Just at pres
ent they 'are on top. He rules the church
of New York and in fact of the tntire
country. • . ,. " ¦ ' . '; ,
' "'I am a firm supporter of the parochial
school system.- Children : in • these schools
not alone learn .history.? arithmetic and
other, branches, but they are also taught
/a little about the Bible and' Christianity.'
That is the: cry of '.the. Episcopal, church.
It wants to institute 'Church schools, so
that children may be. brought up to know
a llt»e about religion. , .. \ :t :<]
I "It is an error to believeithat the Cath
nlic church, doctrine ; is that* people that
are outside the faith are lost. ' The church
teaches no such : thing. •. It teaches that
those who conscientiously; act' T up .to;thelr
religious convictions are good people::.'- We
believe that if a Methodist believes 5 that
he is really right," then he is a good Meth
odist. But those' who; live > In. a; certain
faith " and ;know ' that I their religion is not
right I consider that they. are. lost." ' •"'•
' Arrangements- have been;, made for a
course of lectures by Dr. de Costa for the
Catholic Truth Society. .The lectures will
he delivered- -in- . Metropolitan ¦» Hall,*, the
dates and subjects- being. as follows: > ¦-
' Monday .*evrn!n5, : June 10-r."From' Canterbury
to Rome: or.. How I. Became to Be a Catholic.",,
: ¦- Wednesday' evening,' • June :. 12— VThe . Vatican
Archives 'and the Papal Buns Relating to Pre-
Columbian "America.'.'.-, ... ¦ ¦-¦•..¦,-•• -.-;¦
-Friday evening,; June 14— ''America,' Historic.
Social. Religious, - In • Its : Relation ., to Present
Issues.'.' .„ -¦.-.:•• '¦¦¦.'..- •-... •-.- -..'' -> : -:. r ' •¦ ¦¦ ..j''- "•
Wednesday evening:. June 19 — "The Claims of
Society • Upon the 1 Educated •Catholic." •:;: .: "'
.... ¦ ¦ . ' ¦ m •' — ' ' ".' ;-.':' ' ' ¦ .
vVenii - cures piles, or ; $50 * reward.. For
sale by airdruffgists.*".'/ . ' ' • -•
MISSING. . MAN, WHOSE \ FRIENDS
•BELIEVE HE. JUMPED FROM A
1 SAUSALITO FERRY-BOAT. ',, '
aAj-rf HE identity, of the man who.com;
I mitted suicide by leaping from
I the starboard' fall? of the Terry
H- steamer Sausallto on ...Thursday,
as told exclusively in The Call,
t is believed has been established.
"Joseph Wright of 25 Birch avenue says
k "_ 1 „ _ . _
that the description given pf the unknown
manii the published account of. the deed
corresponds exactly with' that of - his
brother William, who left San Francisco
on Thursday for Sausallto, and who was
seen by friends to ".board the returning,
boat at 4:15, but of?. whom no trace can be
discovered since that time. . _-^. - ¦
..-•Mr? Wright; saya^that-hlB^brother ; had
Jbeeij i ill for many ', months, which, .1 added'
to financial troubles,^ had rendered him
very despondent.^ He Y was * the senior
member of the; grocery firm of .Wright, &'
Gawat 206 Sixth street,. but, by~ reason of
hfs " illness had ibeen \ unable to \ attend ) to
his business for several days. \. On- Thurs
day he went to Sausallto for the purpose
rif "getting 'some recreation in" the onen
country. While, there he was In the com
pany .of friends, who" saw him saffely
aboard the returning steamer. .He seemed
in "cheerful spirits and a sudden fit of de
spondency was the probable cause of his
maddeed. " ¦• -¦ . ¦ " • ¦•'- ' - ----,...-¦¦•
..He had been' talking: to a 'lady on deck,
and when she had left | him, \ unobserved
except by two small boys, he climbed the
rail and leaped Into the bay. The cries of
the children brought. some of the- other
passengers to the spot, who saw a man
struggling in. the water.- No alarm was
given and the captain of the boat knew
nothing of the suicide until San Francisco
had~been reached; but a .fruitless 'search
was made by a boat from the revenue cut
ter McCulloch. . •¦:*¦ V . - • . , l
Joseph Wrightis the only surviving rel
ative of the missing man. He' ana his
brother had lived together for some time
and- both worked af the grocery. - From
y_ — -"->-^ "->.----;-- r.Vr v " ' "t . ¦ -. -- •¦•¦- I
On AH Floors— To Morrow.
Values That Will Make Brisk Business
/ A" Great Reduction Sale of * /
Silk Gloves and Mitts
At Gne=Balf and Less Than Regular Prices
No exaggeration in the statement when we say, there never
have been offered such bargains in gloves as these. They are
here in all sizes, all lengths, any shade can be matched.
Don't miss the chance. Youwill need them for some future
occasion, if not now. To-morrow these gloves go on special
sale at the following cuts from regular prices:
¦
* Ladies' Pure Si!k Gloves in 12, 16, 2O and 24 button
length — all sizes — all colors including white and black that
originally sold for $1.25 to $2.00 a pair ...reduced to 60c
Ladies' Pure Silk Mitts 24 and 30 inches long, in all ¦
shades and sizes, the original prices of which were J5i to $1.50
a pair '.;i..:.;:. reduced to 60c
Ladies' Silk Gloves — 6 button length, formerly 75c now 40c :
Ladies' Taffeta Gloves — 6 button length, formerly 50c now 25c \
Ladies' Pure Silk Mitts— 12 in. long, formerly 50c now 25c '
Remnants— Closing Out Prices j|k§|
A general Remnant Sale begins to-morrow in the Lace and'
Trimming Department. Business has been very large in this
department and consequently odd lengths', have "' piled "up ".in '
profusion. Sale includes remnants of Laces,' Trimmings, All
Over Laces, Spangled Nets, Brussel's Nets and Chiffons. A
chance to secure some of the choicest things of the season at a
fraction cf their real wroth. To close out quickly, we will .
deduct from the already marked remnant prices Ci O- 1 Of
Madras ¦ Curtains — $1.50 (jn<i fiom >
Another great curtain purchase, which enables us to give
customers an opportunity hitherto unequalled at this season-
Madras curtains iri ecru ground with cross stripes in" the
prettiest of Roman colors-finished with tassel fringe at bettom-
suitable for either parlor, dining or bedroom curtains— size
is 45 inches wide and 3 yards long— price . while they last
SI. 50 a pair.
Arabian Curtains — $5.90 i|^l|iS
'An offering of surpassing interest for Monday — -50 pairs,
j Point D'Arabe Lace Curtains— 54 inches wide and 3^ yards
I long, very durable, made from best quality of Egyptian yarn.
\ This season's best design, pretty openwork with heavy 3 inch
I pattern around the border. Very rich and- artistic for parlor
I or dining room. Special value price $5.00" a pair, r . ; . •
i Ladies' Bathing Suits— $2.50 <* rd Fi °^
I Just the kind of a suit for the country — made of good quality
j flannel in navy blue, neatly trimmed with white braid, well cut
i and sewn — see them — no better value ever offered in our Bath-
; ing Suit Department at $2.50 a suit. V
i Boys Sweaters — $125 ¦ i||°°!
i A special lot of Boys' Fancy Wool Sweaters with latest
i mercerized silk striped bodies— all sizes, in colors— Green, Light
j Blue, Red, Navy Blue and Purple, the stripes making
i the prettiest t)f combinations— nothing like this in quality or
\ style ever offered at the price $1.25 each. .
*H 125 to 131 Kearny Street \J
Sv^[ IF ''• '-'?' ' *"?- Br^
\ Summer, the romping £~^'5v <? W^
I /v^' time of little people, is a «cC?^_j^ |^
I &M! : time of wear and' tear on
1 K&ff the feet. Parents should see that their
I «kH children are shod with footwear so com- Wtta
I Portable as to allow them to play with |&Hr c
I perfect freedom, and so stout and per- ||gj
|^?-2 fectly adapted to the movements of the WjSL
I -r*^! foot that the shoe will not meet with suciy.E^v^ri:'..'-
I y^Jr cn st - ra " ls> w hi c h make it break and tear/ fit 7k
I Vz^r-jl ur ortn opedic shaped shoes let every HaM
I L'Sr^ toe rest easily and insure a proper devel- H:*. V
I //^ ra °P ment °^ tlle f eet °f nttl e boys and girls. jl9o_J
1/ * S Or reasona^ e prices and perfect satisfac- HJiV//
It^^^j tion in children's shoes visit or write to H.i|L\
V EXPERT. OPTilCIAN.;
SAN; FRANCISCO.
A Letter Jlrom Ai?jataiit GemrU T. 0. K»*«tel!er :
Mr. Geo^layerle, German Optical Institute —
Dear Slr?^I am much pleased with: the glasses
received from you. . Not- only; do they render
vision perfect, but. . they* are. restful •" to ¦' the
eyes. -I do not- think 'it- would be possible to
be better fitted i than I : have ' bejn at • your j
hands." Very truly- yours, v " •; .-¦ * ¦ •- . ¦¦•¦.'• :¦
.-,.'•..'¦. T.ClMASTELLER,','
Headquarters Department . Grand Army of ¦ the
Republic, City Hall. San'Francisco.V ¦ '
GEORGE MAYERLE,
- . German Expert : Optician, - - '.
GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTE.
1071 '-£ Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Neglected Eyesi&'it Affects the
The Wrong Glasses Win Ruin the Stronfi-
' " ' ' '•'¦ ' r . * ' > e«t Eyes. y ,,'
MAYERLE'S Glasses Strengthen th; Eys
• '.'¦-, •• ';, -'- .¦ and-B»ain. ¦.'¦> : '¦•• ' ¦ .:. -. ¦ ¦
.'; Mayerle's glasses are 'far? superior to all oth-
ers • for' reading .or ¦. distance, ¦ weak eyes, poor
sight,., headaches, .dizziness,, .cloudiness, of
ylslon./.floatlngf spots, i pain about the, eyes, be-
hind the.hejad-or in-the- temples. ' nervpusnes?,
sore eyes, discharging eyes, ¦ feeling like .sand in
'the: eyes. ..cross .eyes, burning. . .smarting, itch-
- ing; -scratching. 1 • twitching,- ¦ gluey '-eyes.-..- heavy,
eyelids, etc. • Mayerle's glasses rest the/eyes,
• strengthen', .the dptlc ner\-e and preserve • the
sight"." Mayerle's glasses'* are nowtused'tsy "the
highest United States ' Army, Navy^ and Gov-
ernment officials.' i '. . ' ' '¦. ,
. GEORGE • MAYERLE. German Expert ; Optl-
.cl.in (German Opticnl Institute): also graduate
AMERICAN COLLEGE' OF OPHTHALMOL-
OGY, t (Charter Member. American Association
'bfiOptlcians.) :¦;¦"-'"'¦ i' -¦¦:•' ' ¦; ¦..¦''.:•'-. -•;_•"..: ¦
V lOf iy 2 MARKET STREET
(Opposite Hibernla Bapk), San, Francisco, 'Cal.
¦ Persons ordering, glasses by. mall should state
their age: also whether glasses are -.wanted for;
reading or distance, or both,': and' what 'price:.,
Consultation.- Examination and -Advitce- Free.'i
Open evenings lintll > 9.' - Telephone - South 572. ,
v .; German- Eyewater, 50 _Cents.
• : See City . blrectory for , Eye Spsclallsts.
-, : \- '. ¦'¦¦•¦'. ""cor this- out^T:;: ;_\-\ .'-,¦¦'
Ilill^^JlPlKli Special Sale: i ¦
%w^ Muslin Underwear.
I $^^M- ¦' ' r 'V Sligtif ly. So:»ed ; antl" Mu^s?d; _* ;
" y^y*-- •'.. 'For- Monday's" selling we gather' all' the.
L I i, •¦¦ ¦ ' •• garments, which .have been slightly soiled
. .' / ' or mussed from handling.' counter and win- *
". • „ j \ \ ;. dow displays, over twelve hundred pieces, and ;
. iy ll ' ¦ \. 'i : - marked < hem' for ouick and sell*'
//'if- ' V*V5t 'ine at prices 'HALF AND- LESS TSAN :
:^&Ly\2§y$\ ¦ HALE. their actual retail valv.'e."/ ;.,
; *4>7P^k !^-&*> • '*'¦ This 'superb gathering -consists of fine.;
.. ' (~jkr^£2J£r~ffl^ gowns, skirts; drawers, chemise, arid corset ;
covers — handsomely ¦trimmed, "with * fine '
¦¦'¦;; ' " ' tucks, embroidery, laces and French rib- .
It^a v bons— made of fine rt ainsook. cambric, long-
;¦:;' V'' cloth" and my^Hn— all trerieronsly. rfull' gar-;.
' jnenis. iri Bishop, emnire." umbrella ?rid other '
- - «n'"" f ty styles. Laundering' wilU make ..'every
garment as t-b^d a<; 'THE. BEST, and the following quotations will; dem-;
onslratethe ADVANTAGE of attendirig. this sale: : ; . '--v^'
' roV, T K?-Mn'r«' thfin half r< dr>* a n ' i CORSET >COVKPP— A doz»n: sorts ~
=tviep t'-fit >v er p r.nM :f,>- J1.00. '¦SI 5!). ¦' tbat ¦ wp pcM for ".0c,;73c. $1.00 an<l
U75 '$2.no' $2 sor^'R^DTTOEr) TO..if?O««. ' U.60.'\ EKDt vceD -TO. >..r.. ..:... ;....: ;:'.
rSScV: y»i.OoV' 5 ipt;2."J and $1.4.*> .............2."»c. 3."»c. ,"»5c and 85c-
. CHEMTPR— y\'f attrprtlvp "tylf"^ that** ' .T5"R/iwT*;RS^-Sevpral .styles ..'-'at; pach"
wpre solri tor $100 $1.50, $1.75 and, $2.00. pr're that were snM fnr "n, $1.00, $1.25,
REDUCED TO '.: .:..'... : ...":. ...."...' >1.50'and $2.00. ;TO::.....:.
V. ...Cue. 1 S5c. $1.10 and 81.25^ ' :..:.40f.50f. G."»c. 75c and O3e
~ SKIR*TS— in a lar'irp* and most attractive variety that-wer<=>- sold for $1.50. '
$2.50. $3.50 and $4.50. REDUCED TO.. .....»l.»O,,#i:,">O, $2.25 and «2.95.'
.'."-¦¦' ; . ¦ ' .,'''" ¦ ' •* • ' • ¦' - ¦¦''--..-..' - -, - ¦ • ' ;'-\. ¦¦'"'¦ ¦".;;* " ¦ •.' :< " ¦¦,""¦ "¦ " " ' ' ¦
.Mejcerized Summer
Petticoats, SHirt V^aistSij;
3klrt.values forward as the best'shown: /.prove* an^ attractive; .feature; in com-"*
Vit'our price ;in' San '-Francisco. :' There* /niencin^.^the".^ new., week's
**re four patterns' inthe.strikingr black r There'll ;, be 'allons^counterjplled'hlgh;
/and. white <Ktrlped ; They take, with '.'.the season's (new- styles Un£ these*
: the • place . of • silk, 1 , savif. the laundering ;, ' Indispensable •summertime gi comf orta.V
,of > the .white, i are 'full -cut.: consclen-V Percales and lawns Jn pretty colors and-
: tlouBly made and '.have ,;deep) accordion; patterns Innumerable;. also sheer white »¦
.'"pleated, flounce with, head; and, footlnc ¦ -lawn styles.Tlace and embroidery trlm-i
'of /narrow pinked blackruffle In con- '• ; : med:, $1.00, 7 $1.23^ and 51.50 ; values : for.'..'./.
T trast." ' ~~'T ~'^ < ~' ¦ * ¦¦ •¦ i -'c ."•*.. ¦--..- ;¦ " , 4 . . i . . .'. . ,\ m ~. . . . .ti'.. VVTViVT.'w^ti'r'.^vri rr^ T oC ¦
:,["¦¦'¦ ¦', -CdriiGb«iV:St'ia^-iiB*;OM_nt:Awiu«. i:: :- .
-'¦;•' _yi'" '.¦•••¦¦': :. ;* .-'. ¦¦'.•¦:' - •'. ,-•.."'¦ ¦." :•*-*•' ¦ '¦ ¦¦ ¦ .•*"'' ,' ' ' ' • ' .' ' '..'-¦¦
~\ "."-V : '•',¦'¦'".'. v . ' T) VEBTTSKMENTS. ' .•'*¦• •'¦ . '
*¦ v ¦ ' &^^^ IB ¦ kJa
% teApRDliil^iRJi
We beg'Mnotify our customers and
the ;gSn||a; public lhat on Monday,
v^June MiH we khall pjace on sale
abaut^ 75— piece? Printed Foulard
. Silks at '
¦TWs3 Silks a e 23, 2A and 27 inches
wide, are v in polka dots and small and
medium sized designs. The colors are
¦ Blu : s/ 'Grays. Browns\ and Violet, and
were sold by.^us at $ 1 .00 yard.
We still Have on hand about 22 pieces of the 24-INCH
BLACK TAFFETA iSlLK, guaranteed to wear.
\ . r*l*lC6 OuC V8Pu<
111, H3. JI5. 117/ 119.' 121 POST STREET. f%
•The latest j
Sfiiirt Waists I
• . Comprise some 1
. xSVv- ¦ ver y chic '- ef- ¦
v7^!i 1 - fects. Many of H
• /=53flL -"' such received K
c <^rJR ('during/ the u
week. '•' W e B
y^i. Kladly '.sh'ov g
/ ) T!»ree' S' ylss et > %
/A Ifft $7.50 e^ch; I
¦ J I jC^iAs Are particular-, g
/ I ¦ r^x - ly stylish and 1
'. C/ / " \ pretty. Others 3
• ¦fit'-]'- \ I at lower prices at
¦ y\ , I I equally deslr- B
¦••'¦¦¦ \ / ' I - Blaci Dress Skirts I
- A/ ¦ I , ¦ Duck . . Skirts ,1
.""•Jl/ '¦' '\ ' f o r.'. '. summer .'S
jn\ ¦ - v \ wear;'. .Alpaca &
/M *\ Skirts for!
C_A ' Xs»_>^v^fc\ ' summer -wear; «
— -jfc^ Etamine Skirts «
. ¦ <(o r- . . summer . »
- wear. , . • K
New Tai or Suits 1
In stylish effects of standard goods. 5
We show by far. the • best assort- B
ment, at §15.00,. $20.00 and ¦
$23.00. ¦ . --__i_:-:-: |
j THEBLAGKGOQOSHDUSE 1
j ¦ 11.06 Market Streat.' |
J , . TELEP/fOJIE SOUTH 47»i ;' . I
iR. L KENNEDY" COMPANY, %
yOGAPBONE,
Hearing instrument. A most re-
markable aid for the deaf. Call
and test it.
UHUUAND PhotoG^. 5cicntipic^
642 Market 5T.!M5TRUMtNfs
uiiDCR CHROwat BUHDIK&. CATALOGUE fflfE. .
tm^wSBm i. W mm ¦^^^^^^H
BH HO A vs Hf -
E gk || ! 89 KjB ¦ I 1^9 b v^H\^B "
Pennyroyal pills
H .~<C»*V _ __ Orlsinal and Only Gennloe. -
HEJ) »n4 Cold mtttma toxm. ~*1*
jn U* TSj J»MWtiu M«t>«tlt*Uoas aad Ialte.
•.17 . tB *»•¦•» Bay or yoor Dmtgiii. or nnd 4n- 1*
\t* A? •xt M Kell«f f«rLa4la^"*»IMMr,byrw
-\Jv_A' >i tmMiU. l«,«««I«lB«Uta. SoMbr
Ueatlea til» p»per. Mmdlsoa Saiuire. PfllLJU 1»2
j \ Tf ? E J NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc. /
( ¥; "1 t' Y ' 1'" " '"'-i '¦» ¦ B
( a " ' v' v '^-'""""l wV '"'.;" . .1: :" ::" v^^^^*^ ' ' '¦ ' ' r
•(;':'. We- manufacture the 'finest ibars and: fittings', on the coast. ',
;V Oak.' Mahogany or, Curly ;Red wood with beveled "Mirrors all •• ; - <
}): , -fitted throughout with' nickel trimmings. t Their; superiority is; '
n ¦: 'guarani^d,iajid^e~wot^the; very: lowest market prices.: Can" ' ' .' ,
,-)'•" .:•¦'. suit^any; taste. Our' design's are 'unique'^ahd. up-to-date/ Call*
( '¦/¦ a -; and = see 1 them. ; -' i : -' ; '"^' " ..' " •'¦'-'•.'. ',¦'¦' ,
WTHEi J^iNC^NjlPil FURNITURE CO,, Inc.. \
; ) '•::¦; - . . : --'JC^T-IOM €triVt,' abi>ve Sixth, Snn Francisco. f (
*\\ Close eyery-nlKht.-except SaturdayiTandJthe day preceding holidays.'^at « o'clock sharp. - i
: . ! ~ ¦ ¦.- \ . 7"~! ¦' . ¦ .-¦¦¦¦ - ,.-"" ; : , .. . .. .. . ; ; : ¦
Improved FarmV of 20D0 Acres
. Rich Valiey^Land in Ma-
; :.:.
'< Pot p&rtleulan addreu FAKM, til Mukat
[Street, S. F. ; -V " • ' ; - *¦•/ . : '
drmotjlty:
H^HIS VTlSlX-K^OWN AND RELIABLE OLD
.1' Specialist cure* Btood Poison, Oonorrboea.Gleet,
S trie tun>, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Hoolt on Diseswes of Men, fre*.
OverHOy can«>xper'eiice.T<»rm»i reawinabl e. Honrs.'
9 to3dallr;B:.-S0to8.30eT'g^. Sundays, 10 to 12. Control*
tatiou free and sacredly coafldentlal. Call or addres*
I- '• P. RO8COE MeXULTY, II. D.
»«>{ Kemray SU »»a FrancUc*. Cel-SAN FRANGISCO, SUNDAY;; JUNE 9, 1901.
I Pages 23 to 32 1
Continued* on Page Twenty-FoTir- ¦
; ;.- "The"Missouri Pwinc.Ltinited^M
i"; The"only 'ro'iite* having .through; sleeping*
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis'-. daily.; Stop-overs.; allowed fat -. Salt
Lake City, v For full'i information ask U^
M.^Fletcher. 212 California street. -¦- ""¦ *..-¦
' vArfestcd'f of, Cruelty.
1 C. B. ; Davis* was arrested by
the .'officers V of ; the j Society^' for ' the "Pre
vention' of .-¦ CruelfyJ to Animals for abus
ing his horses, r Davis became heated with
anger :becauae' the 'horses could not pull a
load too heavy em" and : beat them
brutally - over.-: their .\ heads .with a board
He cooled his wrath last night In the Cits
Prison; v-;;^- & :•;>;;»-:•, •- ;'-.-., -..¦¦-- •„-
tlally all— the material means I or ; Instruments
of production. . Under'' It all . private, owner
ship of property from which an income- is de
rived ceBses." ¦¦; This, ' it _ must : be noted, does j not
tmpiyj Hhe"..'cdinmon'."6wnershlp' l < of /prtj.erty
whlc h does j not produce j income. • > Private »w*n
ershlp: of - things ; from which no. revenue may
be ' • derived— such, , . for.' instance, ;¦ as < plate,'* fur
nlture, | pictures— is," not., prohibited; - -. -NeTfT. to/
the common" ownership of • the ¦ means or in
struments of i production Is ..the commorr man
agement^of i them, a'rd, v as y a . corollary.' the
applicat loin i of 1 1 he ¦ resutts to" the common ben-*
eflt of all- the owners. .. Production itself ,1s -In
turn * to • represent •' the aggregated v product of
the f, labor i of 'i. ail * the -• members >of ;,- the - comi'
munlty. ; All' who can't must work according: to
. their, capacity ; ; and to . none ,- who [wish: and , are
able can^ work '.be V.denled;.:. The. community
labors - sufficiently, only, to.' tmpply . the •wants, of
all ; Its. , member*,;, and .from the j accumulated
mass each receives hla just share.':*.;*' : ; * '¦*;-.
¦'.While'.thl'ti'' state' of "! Ideal ''equality^ and ' i er-'
feet; Justice ' has J. captlVated % the / lmagln i tlon
and /enlisted ''the ''support of v many *• menVof
great' intellectual j attainments and • loftiness s of
purpose.' ¦ Its ¦ real lzatlon '• in • the .• present condi
tion '< of \ the "¦ hflman'. race S Is '• so : manifestly ." im-_
possible > that . it ' may, without", hesitation, \ be
laid aside. "•^••••^/>^ ••;¦:. <>.', ;::•-.>
':¦ 'As i r a v -rule ith'e < socialist" of , to-day , looks -'with '
complacency, t if . not : -' absolute " encouragement;
upon * the * present i progressive concentration of
capital end unification of industry.' There he
beholds r the ¦' preparatory \ steps of ; the 1 , realiza- '
' tlon : of I hl». own v theories.'",^ As the,; Circle ". nar^ u
rows, _ as - the i components .* f rarments- - become
more and more concentrated, as the groups les
sen iaj number and the ultimate unity toward
which V, they • are* tending -¦ is j more ' nearly '. ap-
the only one who makes and sells them. • ¦ • •
this is undoubtedly true. 13ut. the im
portant', question' Is, To whom 'do the benefits
arising J from this : economy^ of production and
distribution go? That' they go to the trust,
and are from' the etart, Intended so to go, is a
proposition so plain 'that* it is , not challenged
even ' by the, jnostfj ardent V_ advocates ,'of
monopoly. • ¦* i u " :'• ¦ ", . ; *¦ .' * i ••• ,v- ¦•¦'.'¦ •»V'." > '
Throughout; air the articles published in the
May number; of . the North " Review
in defence , c f trusts : the worklngman's * advan
tage '.: In the shape of Increased wages Is" re
peatedly referred to. Undoubtedly wages have,
In some'-. Instances, been raised . a trifling j per
centage. Mn no ¦; instance • have they l*en
rsleed the tithe of the advantages accruing, to
the owners as the result of consolidation. And
, the •¦. labor ' agitation ."prevailing ' at v <this «i very
hour 'over, ¦ the f United .States, ;i thej^ reluctant
com'pllance Vor "¦: the :•;. absolute . . refusal of o the
trusts to concede nn increase of wages are a
sufficient answer to the benefits 'Claimed, for
the workingmen' by reason of these contoll
dations.;3 ¦ .';V,V*;-. .-¦.¦:' -:."••. - ; -- ; - ¦ ':¦¦¦ :.
What Is the Solution P
• And now ' the ' question Where! Is the
present and .. ever ' increasing • tendency., toward
centralization 'and ' unification ' to '. end ? > What'
Is to be the solution' of: the. trust problem?' A
, very .. prominent capitalist and , Wall-street
speculator— Mr.' » James R.V- Keene — is r credited
with having ' jnade .' the statement that the* end
must i.be 3 revolution 'or "socialism. ;, Dismissing
the consideration 'of. revolution,' t let "us exam
ine the other alternative. : : . ' •¦¦"; "T' ; •= .-.'¦:/ y
.'* What p Is j socialism ? t -As J now ; understood ? It
means ?• the -i common "i ownership i by /-i the ; cbtn
munlty, J , society • or '¦, State * of all— or * substan-
proached^he'sees the gradual unfolding of his
own' plans." '.'.'•'-" V" '
: .._¦.•-•-. — — — — —^^___ > • * v
Merrily, Ooingr'. On
Is the assignee sale' end every garment of
the ( Browh Clothing Company is going to
be ; sold; .That" beautiful and . well- made
stock of men's i clothing, that is now' being
sacrificed : at ,773 : Market . Is posi
tively .entitled [to -your consideration, i j Do
you • need a suit? «/Well; : come and •' buy
them now.'. - To-morrow (Monday)' I - will
offer. $20: men's; all: wool, suits for $4 65 a
suit: ; These. lines. are- clay worsted,* chevl
ot, cassim ere, serges. In black and blue
single and double* breasted,^ nobby suits
suitable for anybody,' no;-matter how.
much;' or; little .mdney he has; $4 65* will
¦buy.bne ofjthese suits at the clothing as
signee; sale of 'the- -Boston,.- 773 Market
street, ; near,' Fourth.^ P. C. Kelly, assig
nee : for I the • Brown J Clothing I Company of
New-York.-. ¦¦' • ,^..: • .„ . — ¦ ;¦_..< . • -
[ Advantages CJlaimed for Trusts. >'v
* 'But let us f examine ' with • somewhat "greater
minuteness the specific advantages claimed for
trusts.' -~AU the ; advocates trusto— with ab
solute . unanimity," sol far as my reading has
gone— agree In setting . forth In the front rank
of the benefits ¦ attending trusts, the 'fact (that
by their formation and | operation the economic
waste competitive i production ; and distribu
tion is eliminated.* In ; other, words, . to] limit
the [ statement, 1 ' for" the sake of , Illustration, [ to
the care of manufactured i articles," 1 , and to put
it t In *, every-day ; ¦ English : : -.< Manufactured * ar
ticles canVbe' made and t marketed "with" lesb
expense to. the maker, and' seller when he : is
"America ¦ will one . day awake ¦ to the stern
reality of the. evil, and when Its terrible-na
ture Is fully realized some strong legislation
must' follow. : I 'believe if legislation 'does 'not
step in and treat these 'men as ; it ' would treat
other deadly enemies : of the state, there' will
be ' such . an uprising in - the States as has not
been since the , accession of - Abraham 'Lincoln
to 'supreme power.- There ' Is : no tyranny : In
the ; world to' be compared .with the. tyranny
of the active,, scheming, gold tyrant. It Is in
conceivable that seventy, million | free | Ameri
cans .will -bend, their. necks 4 to " : such a sordid
despotism.' v If ' they " do, / they j will ' deserve ! to
be ' enslaved.",^ T ¦' *¦ ¦'., *-t '¦,'' • ' • . . >'.:'• '¦' ' ¦ . " • " '. ':'
'One of, the mosf. prominent [living manufac
turers and economists of England, speaking
not' long 'ago of the .'Injury done bjr ' the
monopolistic- power of * trusts, said:- : ,.-.-•:
Will any one deny that, since the spirit of
mercantilism has . reached flood tide, It has
dominated the maklr.s and enforcement of
laws, as well in the* State as in the Federal
halls of legislation'? •,*• / ' ':
time when Elizabeth of England granted pat
ents to her favorites, will fix at will the price
of his wares or sen-Ices, and will demand the
very highest which it is profitable to exact.
Let us now 'examine the. trust under another
aspect. Additional reason for the ' condemna
tion of monopolies was given' by the English
judges. as follows: V .- .
, "It tends to the~impovertshment of divers
artificers and others, . who, before, by . the
labor of their hands in their art or trade,
have maintained themselves and their fami
lies,*, who will .of necessity be constrained to
live in idleness and beggary." « V
Nor have the views which 'the English
Judges took been changed^by the decisions of
our own time. . • • • The experience of the
world" demonstrates that ! the of
wholesale monopolies unavoidably divides so
ciety Into two cjasses. The one. . composed
of a comparatively email- number, enjoys the
privilege , of authority, and . command.' .The
other, consisting of the vast mass of the peo
ple, is! subjected to the unshunnable ; doom of
passive and helpless obedience. ! There are a
few masters and many servants— a handful of
rulers and p. multitude of subjects. - • • • • •
. Effect on Public "Functionaries. _: ;
There is a third ground of opposition to mo
nopolies, which neither the or bib
lical times nor the- judges of "the days 1 of
Elizabeth have described. - It did -not exist
•in -their -day. .The. conditions under- which
they Jived did not allow it scope. I j refer to
their influence upon' public functionaries.', ,': ';,
•It is a matter of public notoriety, that since
great corporations have begun their- operations
In ] this , country they; have j shaped the j actions
i of .legislative bodlei for '" their ¦ own ; benefit.
p«j|^HE entire Blythe bloCk was pur-
II chased j'esterday from Mrs. Flor-"
£ ence Blythe-Moore and A. A.
JJL - Moore Jr... her husband, by a syn
.. dicate composed of I. W. Hell
man. Ant, Borel & Co! and a number of
associates of Mr. Hellman whose names
are not disclosed. The purchase price has
been kept a carefully guarded secret, but
it is believed to have been in excess of
$2,000,000. • !
No real estate deal of equal magnitude
has ever been made in California. The
one most nearly approaching it was the
6ale of the Baldwin Hotel property to
James L. Flood for $1,000,000. The Blythe
block has been on the market j from a
date since long before the sale of the
Baldwin property, and it has been the
object of negotiations between the owners
and almost every capitalist of large
means in San Francisco. Its sale will fur
nish j the greatest sensation that local
financial circle's have experienced, and its
future disposal will be awaited with
keenest interest. '
The purchasers are not only keeping se-
BLYTHE BLOCK' FROM A POINT
ON MARKET STREET. OPPOSITE
\ GRANT AVENUE.
State. Something of the value of the .
property may ¦ be realized when it j Is
known that at present, with the old build-
Ings, it brings in' over $140,000." ,
In answer to a question as to whether
the property would be improved, Mr. Hell
man said: -*: . • ¦ •
"At present •improvements have-not
been considered. You can state, however, ._
that in a comparatively short time the '
property, which is in the choicest part of
the city,; will' be suitably improved. Moro
than this I cannot say^ at present."
The sale was.'; consummated
morning, final agreement being reached
in the office of the Union Trust Company
of San Francisco. The actual of
the property will probably not be made
for a month, as the transaction is a colos
sal one and much time will be required
for the examination of titles,' the adjust
ment of leases and contracts with tenants
and other work preliminary to the change;
of ownership.- " \ - • . • (
The sale was * negotiated , by Thomas
Magee & Sons and Walter J. Bartnett of
the law firm of Gunnison, Booth & Bart? ,
rett. Mrs. Florence "¦ Blythe. Moore was
represented in the transaction by A. A.
Moore, her father-in-law, andE. S.-Hel
ler'of Heller & Powers represented Mr.
Hellman and his associates. '. ',
The transaction includes, all' the realty '
held by Mrs.- Florence Blythe Moore. Of .
the property bounded . by r Market and
Geary streets and Grant avenue but three
pieces are (held ,by other owners. One is ¦
the gore lot at Market and Geary streets,
with a! frontage of 37:7; feet 'on Market
street, and 30:6 . feet on 'Geary street,,
owned by . the 'Adams ¦ and Kibbe • heirs. ;
The adjoining lots, .with a ¦ frontage of ,
53; feet oh Market -street and ,73 feet 10 ,
Inches on Geary : street, was. purchased
' .from : Mrs. Moore . for ¦ $290,000 by-;the-Mu
•*tual Savings Bank, and excavation la now
'¦ progressing: . for a | stately bank . building
cover the entire i 4662 square 'feet' -'qf
that/portion of the Blythe -block/ 1 ; In, the.
far., corner on Grant avenue , arid '.Geary
street a portion with "a frontage of 70 feet
on -Grant avenue and 40 feet- ; on ?Ge*ary
street is. owned by the'Buck estate. . !
. .With the exception of these' three prop
erties all of -the block passes to "the" own
ership-of Mr. Hellman and his associates,
including the lot with a frontage of - 20
feet- 6- inches on Geary street: known'* as'
the Sawyer, lot, which was" recently pur
chased by Mrs. Moore for $50,000.
> ;, Appraised .Value Was $2,354,996."
. , "The total appraised- value of the block
exclusive "of "the' bank building" site", and
the^' . 8awyer lot was J2.354.906. ; That ap
praisement was made • in 1896, and . realty
values have Increased since .then—until a"
similar appraisement • now. - by "-, parcels, .
would fix^a total value- for. the ; property
at more than $3,000.000.,.; The handling of
so large a", property in one transaction
brings into, action -different -influences.'
•¦^however, and a valuation by,. parcels foots
up "a total which is -doubtless greatly in
excess of ,the sum which . Mrs. Mbbre will
receive for the block in its. entirety. .'/¦'"-¦
. '.'. Conservative estimates by. disinterested
. real estate men, figuring upon ; the" block
narcc! by parcel, place Its' value at about
52.400.000. According to -these figures;, the
purchase price was probably close .to' an
even two: millions' and' certainly ¦ not : in
excess of $2,500,000..". ... .• >. . •';. v ¦ : . .:
. The amount Mrs: Florence Blythe Moore
. will receive but of the selling price of :t'io
, famous block .will , be • reduced j $1 ,000.000 1 by
the cancellation of the mortgage' held : by ,
a New.;, York "trust: company. V-Thls- mort-
gage was* given to secure' a "loan' rie»6-'
tiated about a year ago, at the same time'
J approximately ; that' the • California Title
': Insurance • Company -wrote al title insu-r •••
ance policy, on the Blythe block."* ¦'<•'
/ Bccent Increase in yialua. :
I The real" estate men and attorneys con.r
'cerned- in the -.- transaction' point ¦¦¦ to a
marked increase in thevalue'ofithe p'rop
erty within the last year, as indicated by
an increase of $16,000' in' the yearly, rentals.
¦ The. block pays apresont income of about
$140,000 per ahnuni, though' it contains hut
few buildings that ate i- even 7 - passable.
. none of /them; being mpdernVor : desirable
; and most of them being; slmplj-'one-story
, structure's ; that have • been * able ..to . main-'
" tain themselves, in the very 'heart of '.the
city, against '. the < crowding in" upon .them'
cret the identity of the associates of
Messrs.. HeHman and Borel and the sum
paid for the magnificent piece of realty,
. but they refuse to state what their Inten
tions are concerning it. They say its dis
posal is a matter of the future, to be de
cided in. .view -of the conditions that will
•then exist. Apparently it is the intention
of the syndicate of purchasers to sell the
block piecemeal, possibly retaining por
tions "of it upon which to erect buildings
commensurate with the choice location
of the land. . ,
Secrets Carefully Guarded.
I. W. Hellman was asked. last night at
his summer home in San Rafael for a
statement in regard to the mammoth pur
chase. He said: ' ."
.._ "Yes. the property has been purchased.
Borel & Co. are associated with me in the
transaction. There are also others whose
names will not be made public for some
time to come. I decline to state the price
paid for the property. I will- state, how
ever, that this, is the largest real estate
deal that was ever carried through In this
from. all sides of modern and pretentious
buildlng-s, solely because. of the litigation
that tied up the estate of Thomas Blythe.
As ¦. a further ; illustration . of the increase
in rental- value, the property occupied by
S.'N..Woodi& Co." is. held by that* firm on
a ten-year lease, signed. a year ago. at an
annual ' rental of $22,800, while under the.
previous lease held; by the same firm only
$13,000 annual "rental was paid. - •
The block has generally been consid
ered .by .parcels, both . for appraisement
arid by prospective -purchasers,- and by
such division . the best results can be
reached In ' estimating:, the character and
value of ¦¦
Valuation by Parcels/
- Parcel 1 No;> 1 is the most valuable sub
division'of: the block.. It. lies at. the cor
ner of Grant avenue and Market .street
and Its buildings. are occupied by J. J..GH
dea'. '¦ Eagleson , & Co., and Cooper. l Its ap
praised valuation 'was $470,000.- and a con
servative estimate places its value now at
$475,000. ¦¦¦' The Grant ; avenue/ frontage Is
eighty-five feet. <
-Parcel No; 2 " was ¦¦ appraised at $450,000
and its value is probably not much in ex
cess * of* that" "amount. -K is an elbow
shaped, parcel, -".with fifty-two feet six
inches frontagre. on 4G rant "avenue, occur
pied by one-story "shanties," and sixty
five feet five and a half inches on Market
street. On its Market-street front is the
three "story" building "occupied by Kast's
shoe store7* : . . V" /
Parcel iNor 3 fronts on Grant avenue,
Vixty-sevenfeet six inches, and on Geary
street <¦ twenty . feet.' with the corner, sev
enty by. forty .-.feet, eliminated, that por
tion-being owned by. the Buck estate. The
five story Central Block covers both prop
erties. ..The appraised \alue was 514S.121,
and present estimates .place the value at
$180,000. y?*. ¦¦•; •; ";. ..:*• -.-
i The. lots occupied, by. the Popular res
taurant and the shanties back of -it are
designated as parcel No. "4, with a Geary
street ; frontage .; of slxty-flve feet eight
inches and a depth , of 137 feet six inches.
It-was appraised at $204,375 and probably
that is the limit of its. value.. ' : I
Parcel, No. 5 Is considered worth $90,000,
though it; was appraised at'. $100,000. A
f cur-story, building: occupies it, t the ground
floor of which is leased by Radovlch
Erothers. ' The adjoining Sawyer lot, pur
chased for $50,000, is occupied by the Man
rfr.ttan saloon 'and "cafe.", ' .' . * ' \ ¦ .
• Parcel j No." C _has . a; frontage on 'Market
street of feet ;> 7 inches and adjoins
Brooks way. v It was appraised at $333,000
and is considered ( to * be worth $350,000 at
present. /¦ It .. has^ a three-story building.
Among;, its y are the .Imperial
Studio,* : B. Korn .'and ; Jesse Marks. ; *
' Parcel No. 7 ; was appraised at $3S5,000.
Mrs.' Moore asked / $425,000 for it, but prob
ably never received, an offer of more than
$375,000.' '¦;. Its', two-swry .building is occu
pied by S. N.' Wood & Co.
. • Parcel . No. 8 has" a ' Market-street front
age'of .48 feet 5 inches and a Geary-street
frontago'iOf 40 feet, : \ It '.was appraised at
$265,000. ; Offer3. of-tfoO.OOQ have 'been j made
for it and a conservative estimate places
its value at about tnat figure.. . - • ¦ '
, The Mutual Savings Bank site comprises
parcels <9 and 10" of . the original Blythe
block. .? / \
J>. SI. Delmas Says Monopolies Fix
Prices for Wares and .Services
and Demand Very
Highest.
The lecture-rccm. In the Academy of
Sciences building was crowded to the
doors last night, the cause of the crush
being- the announcement that the gifted
orator, D. M. Delnias, would speak. The
lecture was given under the auspices of
the University Aescc'atlon of Chicago.
Mr. Delmas was In fine 'voice and han
ded his subject with the skill for which
he is noted. He dealt with the Question
fairly, giving- facts and figures to prove
the justness Of* his remarks. He Indulged
in. no oratorical flights, but delivered his
lecture in a straightforward manner that
found favor vrith his appreciative audi
ence.
Mr. Delmas \ps frequently interrupted
by prolonged applause. He made a few
appropriate remarks and then plunged
Into his subject. He said In part:
Trusts th.e Question of the Hour.
' The question of the hour may then be stated
thus. Are trusts good or evil? Are the re
cults of their operations beneficial or injuri
ous to the commonwealth? If Injurious, is
there any remedy, and. If so, what? The an
twer to these questions must be -sought in the
history of the past and the conditions of the
present. • • •
To an audience such a« this I need but
briefly recall how. under Pharaoh, Joseph be
came the ruler over Egypt; how, foreseeing
impending dearth. "he garnered up all the
money and the corn that was found in the
land: how. when the famine came, the In
habitants 6ought him begging for bread; how
he replied. "Give your Rattle and I will give
you for your cattle, if money fail": how they
then brought their beasts unto him and re
ceived bread In return ; how, the - following
year, they came once again, and, being al
ready stripped of their herds, "and finding that
they had naught left rave their . bodies, and
their land, they oald: "Buy us and our land for
bread"; bow Joseph, acceding to their re- j
quest, replied. "Behold, I have bought you j
this day and yocr land"; and how they sub- j
mltted. saying 1 . "Thou hast ¦ saved o«ir Ilvee. i
let u» find grace In the eight of -o«r-L»ord" and
we trill be Pharaoh's servants." And, .thus, i
according to the eIttitj's narrative of the Jewish !
historian, was the first trust operation of the
world consummated.
Let me now come to an epoch more immedi
ate to our own. Monopoly was claimed as one
of the privileges of the crown of England.
This Frivllepe might be exercised directly by
the sovereign, cr It might be— in practice" It
usually was — exercised ty delegation. The stu
dent cf English history reads with amazement
that, as late as the days of Elizabeth, patents
fer monopolies of objects forming the common
necessities cf life were granted to favorites^
and that the people were turned over to . the
patentees to be taxed and plundered at their
xnercr. •>• • •_ :
a The matter was at length brought before
*€.the courts In 1602, and It was then held that
a grant of monopoly by the crown was against
law and void. This doctrine of the English
Judges has been followed in the tribunals of
every English-speaking country in the world.
It has found a voice in the constitutions of
several of the States, which, like Maryland,
declare ¦ that "monopolies are contrary to the
spirit of a free people and the principles of a
free government and ought not to be euf-
Wty Are Monopolies Opposed? -
Tl"hy. It may be asked, this settled opposl-
tlon against monopolies? The reason is riven
In the decision of the English Judges to which
I have already referred. Allow me, then,
briefly to examine that decision. The first
rround upon which the Judges placed their con
demnation of monopolies was- that- "the price
of the commodity will be raised, for he who
has the sole selling of any commodity, will
make the price as he pleases." Is not this
ground as tenable to-day* as It was In the
reign of Elizabeth, or at the time when the
Minister of Pharaoh demanded as the "price of
the food which he had monoplllzed. first the
cattle, then the land, then the ! bodies of the
starving Egyptians? • • •
The object which Individual^ have In combin
ing under the form, of a corporation, small or
large, is neither charitable nor philanthropic
The incidental result of their operations may be
a benefit to mankind. But this is not the end
which they have in view. Their goal is their
Individual profit. Men form corporations act
uated by the belief that they can make more
money In their aggregated than in their Indi
vidual capacity. Otherwise they would act
elngly. In either case they will make all the
money that the power at their command per
n-its. • . • . •
When not artificially interfered with prices
Ire regulated by the law of 6upply and de
mand. The fall when supply exceeds demand
and rise when demand exceeds supply. . The
public reap the benefit of buying cheaply when
supply is excessive and are subjected to high
prices only when it is inadequate'; • • •
It is the avowed object of the trust to nullify
this natural law of economics. Its aim is by
regulating the supply to keep the prices up to
returns." • • •
the highest figure which consumption will war
rant. "If the monopolist is left to his .own
devices." says Professor Richard T. Ely, '"we
cannot hope that monopoly prices will be less
Than the highest which yield the largest net
Prices Go Up.
Common experience Is In strict accord with
these a priori deductions. The billion . dollar
eteel trust was 'no sooner started in business
than the price of eteel rails was advanced $2
per ton— from {26 to t28. The result of the for
mation of the Ice trust In New York was to In
crease the price of Ice one hundred per cent. In
our own midst as eocn as last summer all the
leading wine merchants had united their inter
ests in the California Wine Association, and
the price of wine vu Immediately raised about
SO per cent.
At the Chicaro Trust Conference the follow
ing statement was made by one of the , dele
catf-fr—P. E. Dowe— and was passed unchal
lenged:
"I have here a list showing advances In the
prices, due to the direct or Indirect influence
of trusts, of about ISO commodities: the'ad
vances ranging from 5 to 500 per cent. The
list was obtained by representatives of the An
ti-Trust League applying to manufacturers and
dealers f or and making daily re
ports. Neany COO establishments were visited.
The list Is eworn to. • • • Ordinary shovels
doubled in wholesale price and. snow shovels
advanced 145 per cent; iron, SS to 130 per cent;
coal, SO cents a ton wholesale; gasoline, 4 cents
a gallon; -shoes for the worklngmen, 15 to Do
cents oer pair, etc." • • • • ¦
It Is safe to conclude, then, that the ; mo
nopolist of the hour, like bis predecessor of
the days when Israel dwelt in Egypt, or of the
Avowed Object of the Corpo
rations Is to Nullify Law
of Economics.
TRUSTS NOT
FORMED OUT
OF CHARITY
Benefiting, Mankind Is
Not the End They
Have in View. I
e «-»?»?. •?????# ???»? ??» ???*?#?•?«
I Pages 23 to 32
O+< +% ? •?•?*?• ???*? « ?* ?*?*?«?**«
A new departure In politics .Is the Incor
poration of "the Republican Primary
League of California. The articles were
duly filed 1n the County Clerk's office of
San Francisco yesterday afternoon. The
directors are: Grosvennr P. Ayers, David
Rich. George Boyne. Thomas P. "Wood
ward. E. ~E. Schmltz. John W. Rogers,!
James F. Cheetam. Lincoln E. Savage,
Emmet , P. Barrett. A. Ruef -and I. "W.
Lees. The officers of the leasrue- are:
President. Thomas P. Woodward; vice
president. David KIch; treasurer. Grosve
nor P. Ayers. and secretary. L. E. Sav
age. The chief purpose of the league Is
to secure good government through the
active agency of representative Republi
can citizens.
As the^new primary election. law gruar
nntees to eyery voter the right to vote
for delegates to nominate candidates for
office and pJso trfves ample assurance
that every vote cast will be counted for
the dplegate voted for.', there 'la an incen
tive for citizens to* register and partici
pate in the pr^marv .movement. To at
tain the common end of displacing bosses
and putting affairs local ln'the hands of
Ht'zens who are roncerned In the wel
ffn-e of th«> city unitv of action is. essen
tial. It H possible that the Republican
Primary League will give all honest«Re
publlrnns a chance to unite their lnflu-'
etioe and *>r>ergy in a campaign for clean
politics and to preserve the advantages
of success nfter the victory for decency
shall have beer, achieved.
A Deliberate Movement.
Before the articles of Incorporation wer»
drawn the question as- to the best course
to bo pursued to the end of securing the
nomination of representative men " for
nubUc office was discussed freely by in
fluential and active taxDaying Republi
cans in every district of the city. The
nlari of legal Incorporation did not suring
from | impulse . or caprice. ; Tlie deliberate
Judpment Y of memversed in public affairs
wa«* rendered in favor- of the system.
Among the promoters there.is no candi
date for office' and bo- Inclination exists to
favor the cause'of a'riy asolrant for public
strtlon. The maip purnose. It is averred,
is to brine all good citizens of the Repub
lican party together for the purpose of
wresting control of . affairs from the de
graded bosses that have fastened them
selves on the party.
The fact is considered that Republicans
are apathetic and Indifferent because af
fairs of the party,- locally speaking:. wer»>
committed to two bodies, each styling It.
self a County /Committee. One of these
lioflies ¦ Is so hopelessly boss-ridden and;
depraved that no pood can ever come
from It. The other Is under a cloud as to
its legality. There Is .absolute demand'
therefore for an active, vigorous, clean
cut. - anti-boss organization. The pro
moters of the Republican Primary Leapue
maintain that they have opened the way
for Republicans to free themselves from
boss dictation and place In the offices of
city government clean, capable and hon
est men." - I. •'.,-'¦¦¦
To Take Assembly Districts.
As prodded in the articles of incorpora
tion, the organization;, through. the agency
of sub-committees, will be extended from
the central league to every Assembly dis
trict of the city. .The , advocates of the
hew departure assert that it. will be read
ily observed that the movement to organ
ize clean elements of the party Is not
in the interest of any class, caste or sect..
Thomas, P. Woodward, "a well-known
printer, is an employer of labor. Emmet
P. Barrett Is a member of several frater
nal organizations. E. E. Schmltz is presi
dent of the Musicians' Union. Grdsvener
P. Ayers la a ..well-known representative
of the mercantile Interests. . David Rich
is widely known as a real estate man.
John TV. Rogers is active in the Law and
Order League and James . F. • Cheetam is
actively identified. with the Retail Liquor
Dealers' Association. George Boyne has
lived" forty years In the Forty-third Dis- .
trict. ' AH that time he has . been engaged
In fighting bosses and earning money to
pay taxes. A. Ruef was asked to become
a director because of his knowledge of
law and his abilities as an adviser. Lin
coln* E. Savage, possesses special qualifl- ¦
cations for secretary.; Ex-Chief of Police
I. W. Lees is a taxpayer, whose knowl
edge of local affairs renders him particu
larly useful.' i \
All Republicans Welcome. '
The organizers of the league want . ths
fact' to be known that every good Repub
lican is welcome to Join. The Idea 'is to
make - the league powerful | In | every" dis
trict, to Induce citizens who have been In-'
different to the management of public af
fairs to unite in an. effort to oust. the
, bosses and . boss-creatures ; and ' place ..the
reins, of power Into the hands of trusted
men.,' ¦ V. .' .
! The league will .Immediately establish
central headquarters and proceed to the
establishment of district quarters. The
first and '. most urgent duty ahead Is that
connected with' the registration of voters.'
The next Important .duty will' be the'
nomination of ; representative men to be'
voted for at the primary election August
13, when' delegates , must / be , ] chosen to
comprise - the ; municipal nominating con-'
ventlon of the party. X
-Know. all men by these presents: That we;
the undersigned, all. of whom are citizens and
residents of . the State of . California, have ' this
day '.voluntarily associated ourselves together
for the purpose of forming a . corporation under
the' laws of the State of California, and we
hereby, certify:- . . ' . \ ' ¦'¦¦ .*'.
'-; Ji*iret— That ¦; the . name of . said • corporation
shall* be, the \ Republican Primary * League '- (of
San Francisco).' , / .'•'
..Second— That ' the » purposes for Which j it la
formed „ are"' political and * social. They are • to
foster and i maintain the political principles of
the Republican party.' . to ' arouse and ' maintain
the \ Interest of jail electors in the maintenance
and i enforcement of the 'primary, election ..law;,
and of . all , laws . relating- to ; elections. .To as
sist. ¦ maintain v and., establish ' district . orjanlza
tlons of . the Republican party 'in each Assem
bly Z district ', In . the j city >' and '; county ' of ' San '
Thomas P. Woodward Is Elected
President— The Organisation to Be
Extended to Assembly Districts.
Good Citizens of the Party In
• vited to Join for Clean
.Politics.
_ • ¦ ¦ ¦. • • _
Primary League Organ
izes Under Law to
Abolish Bosses.
REPUBLICANS
INCORPORATE
FOR CAMPAIGN
BLYTHE BLOCK, MADE FAMOUS BY LITIGATION, PASSES
INTO THE HANDS OF A NEW SYNDICATE OF CAPITALISTS
OF WHICH ISAIA5 W. HELLMAN IS THE LEADING SPIRIT
Most Colossal Real Estate Deal Ever Gbhsummated in Califo
rounded With Much Secrecy by^
Price Not Disclosed; -hut It Is^Believjedtd Be in Ex<^
fered."2577. SIXTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $300.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2553 J. McCleevy, 5. 118.Tullet 16 4 1 1 h
2360 Rainier, 6, 117.... Hazard 2 4 1 3 1 2 1U
(2547)Cromwell, a, i llS....Ruiz 3 5 4 5 3 3 1
2557 Rio Chico, 5, llo.Alexndr 6 3 1 \ Vi 4 2
2561 First Shot. 4. '-111... Hoar 5 In 2n 5 5
(2560)H.-- Thatchr, 4, lll.McCty 4 2 % 6 „ 6
Time— 70 yards, :04^: . Yt. :24; Vi. :49?i: %.
1:16%; mile. 1:43^4; lm 70yds. 1:47%. Good
start. Won first three driving. Winner, J.
Hall's ch. h. . by Linden- Verbena.' Jim Mc-
Cleevy ran to his best notch. Rainier' s race
a good one. Cromwell .was sore. Rio Chico
badly handled. ?
Betting— Jim McCleevy, 7; Rainier. 50; Crom
well. .13-20; Rio Chieb; 7; First Shot, 6; Harry
Thatcher. 15. . " ,• -
2576. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; handi
cap: three-year-olds and up; purse, $100.
Index. Horse, Wt,. Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
(2552)Good Hope. 5, 102... Hoar 1 2 h • 2 n .1 %
2558 Montallade. a, H2.Russll 4 1 % 11 2 h
(2550) Byron Rose, 3, 102. .Collls 5 SI 3 3 3
2511 The Miller. S. 102..Feary 3 5 % 6 3 «>j
2558 Donator, 6, 99...., Butler 7 6 3 6 1 5 l\i
(2o21)Rey Dare. 3, 107..Alxndr « 4 3 4 n 6 3
2550 Grafter. 3. 99.. Prior 2 7 7 .7
Time— V». :13; %.. :23%; Vt. :4S\i; %. 1:14; V».
1:27. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving. Winner. Caesar Young's ch. m.
by Colonel Clark-Gratitude. Good Hope was
nicely ridden; was lucky to get through in
stretch. Montallade ran his race. Byron Rose
would have been second ' with a stronger ride.
Betting— Good Hope. 7-2; Montallade. 14-5:
Byron Rose. 6: The Miller, 30; Donator, 13;
Rey Dare, 2; Grafter. 25.
2575. FOURTH RACE— Futurity course; sell-
Ing; three-year-olds and up; purse, $3C0.
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St %. Str." Pin.
(2555)Ralston, a. 115 Hoar 3 1 % 1.1 1%
2552 Vantine. 4, 113...Ru3sell 5 3 n 2 x f * 2 1
2550 Gibraltar, a, 118 Ruiz 2 4 3 6 2 3 ns
2546 Foul Play, 4, 107.Alexndr 4 5 3 3^43
2555 NUUah. 4, 107. ..Bozeman 1 2 n 4 \ 3 5 3
2526 Duckoy, 4, 109 Collis 6 6 6 6
Time— To U. M: to H. :46; last H. 1:00%:
short %. 1:11. Good start. Won cleverly. Sec
ond and third driving. ' Winner,- F. D. Weir's
b. g. by White-Sis Briggs. Ralston badly rid
den; was much the best. .Vantine ran her race.
Gibraltar closed stoutly. Foul Play ran a nice
race. Scratched— Sweet Caporal 107,- Princess
Titanta 105. - 5
Betting— Ralston, 3; Vantine, 2; Gibraltar,
7-2; Foul Play. 6; Nullah, 9; Duckoy. 13.
2574. THIRD RACE— Four and a half fur
longs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St, H. t«. Fin.
(2501) Escalante, 106 "...Alexdr 4 3 3-31 1 1*£
2563 Snowberry, 105 ....Prior 1. 5 1% 6 4 2%
(2531)Parizade. 10S Collls 3 2 1% 2 H 3 3
(2334)Glendenning, 103.\Vebstr 7 4 4 4 5
2544 Inna A, 103 Tullett 5 6 4 5 1 5 l»i
2556 B. C. Greene, 106.. Hoar 2 12 1 h J> 1
2570 Torso Maid, 107.Bozeman 8 8 7 10 *i 8
2556 Black Cloud, 102.. Smith 6 7 3 8 8
Time— 5-16, :30%; 4<£f, :53%. Good start.
Won easily. . Second and . third driving. Win
ner.-E. J. Baldwin & Co.'s ch. c. by Amlgo-
Colonias. Escalante much I the best. Parizado
stopped badly. So did B.--C. Greene. Snow
berry closed very strong. Scratched—Haln
ault 99. ¦ •
• Betting— Kscals.nte, .9-5: Snowberry, 12; Parl
zade,: 5; Glendennlng, 2; Irma A, 20; B. C.
Greene, 11; Torso Maid, 10; Black Cloud, 200.
2573. SECOND RACB-Futurlty course;
selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2555 R. de Altar, 8, lOS.Alxdr 113 11^12
2527 Mission, 4, 109 Hoar 3 2H 2 1 ' * *4
2562 C. Bravo, 3, 105. Webster 8 4 3 8 M S h
.2557 Flamero, 5. .109....ColUs 9 7 1 • 4 H 4 3
2366 Hampton. 4, 112.McCarty 5 5 V4 6 1 . 5 6
2536 I D. Know, a,-109.Bergn 2 3 Vi 5 h 6 3
2381 O. Dewey, a, lOl.Shehan 8 9 8 7 2 7 3
2555 B. Monde, 6, 118. .Willis 7 8 2 8 5 8 8
2564 M. -Dew. 5, 107..Bozemn 4 6 1 9 10 » 13
..... Marinella, 4. 113..Fearyl0 10 10 10
2564 Clarando, 5, 107.... Prior* ...
Time— To M, :21%; to %7 :46; last 54. 1:01;
short %, 1:11. Bad start. Won easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, E. J.- Bald
win & Co.'s b. c. by Emperor of Norfolk-Marl
copa. Rio- de Altar beat the gate, but was the
beat horse. Mission closed well. Bravo ran
a, nice race. Sir Hampton had no speed.
•Left. ; .
Betting-— Rio de. Altar, 11-5; Mission. 18-5;
Catherine Bravo. 25; Flamero, 8; Sir Hampton,
11-5; I ' Don't Know, 30; George Dewey, 20;
Beau Monde, 50; Mountain Dew. 60; Marinella.
200; Clarando, SO.- .- ¦ - • • .
' fast. ¦ ' : ¦ • ¦¦"•'. :
2572. FIRST RACE— Mile and 70 yards:
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, |300.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Tin.
2559 Torsida. 6. ilO8..McCarty 2 8 M 1 % 1 %
, 2580 S. Matts. 5, 106.. .Burke 6 1 % 2 1 Ji
2560 Hohenlohe, 6, 117... Ruiz 4 5n 3n 31
2561 Kastaine, 5, 103.. ..Prior 3 7 2 6 3.43
2568 Yule, J, 103 Collls 7 4 3 4 \L 5 V4
2645 Canejo, 4, 109 .Hoar 6 2 n 5 V» 6 1
2549 William P. 4, 104.Tullett 8 8 8 7 4 -76
2S43 Faunette. . a, lOo.Alxder 1 S 8 .8
: Time— 70 yds, :04%; %. :ZVA: :50: H.
1:15%; m. 1:42%; lm 70yds, 1:46%. Good start.
Won first three driving-. Winner. J. McGov
ern's ch. m. by Torso-Judith. Torsida was
able to keep within striking distance all the
way. j Senator Matts ran a nice race. Hohen
lohe closed stoutly. Kastaine made up a lot
of ground: was interfered with on first turn.
Betting— Torsida, 9-2; ' Senator Matts, 30;
Hohenlohe. 8; Kastaine, 15; Tule, 16-5; Canejo,
9-2; William F. 25; Faunette, S.
OAKLAND RACETRACK-Saturday,
Juno 8, 1901.— Weather, fine. . Track
Wind Near Glasgow:'; *i O;
; r ROTHESAY.- June 8."— There : was ;little'
wind for. the second ' day's yacht^ races of
the' Glasgow' "exhibition; [regatta;- :. The
competitors, and course were^ the same as
yesterday. (¦' In ' ' the', cotitest . between r the
big > achts I the- Shamrock 1 1 ! won' the- prize
for the - first * yacht "home. \ sailinartthe
course In » 6 thours 32 : minutes : 38 . seconds.
The -Kariad; won ' on : time i allowance in > 6
hours 35 minutes IS seconds. The ; smaller
yachts : sailed only ! once around the quad
rangular ¦ course, * the -.Tutty's - time i being
4 hours 42 minutes 16- seconds. '¦-, Charles P.
HereEshoff's, Nevada was; next. at the fin
ish Jin 4 : hours 47 minutes 8 seconds. - -
Lipton's \ Yacht ; Does • Well | jg Little
'SHAMROCK ; I THE WINNER,
States is surpassed only by Great-Britain
in the matter of Japanese imports of ma
chinery, locomotives , and other engines,
according to a. communication received at
the State Department from Consul Gen
eral Bellows at Yokohama: Great Bri
tain, he says,- continues 1 to receive more
than half the .money sent .out, of Japan
for these manufactures, while the United
States received a little more than one
fourth last year. The total amount in
vested in this class of . manufactures by
the Japanese .last : year -was/ $5,674,546,
about one-flf th ; being for locomotive t en
gines. ¦ The total length of ; Japanese
railway lines equals 3713 miles, but it has
been estimated, says Consul Bellows, -that
7000 'miles of railroad would not suffice for
the needs of the empire." r .• .
, A* Japanese expert, who has. lately
traveled in the leading countries of - the
world to study. their railroad construction
and management,', is reported 'to ' have
said that the United States surpassed all
other countries j in the | equipment of . Its
roads* in every respect, except: with re
gard to the locomotives, which .he ob
jected to because of thefr -greater con
sumption - of : coal.* ¦•».••¦
America, says Consul General . Bellows,
furnishes more " than two-thirds of the
rails used in Japan, having surpassed In
low. prices and prompt delivery both Eng
land and Germany, which countries ; for
merly controlled this trade.
Report of Consul of Yokohama Shows
Great Imports of Locomotive
'Engines. ¦ ;' ;
•¦WASHINGTON, June 8.— The United
JAPAN BUYS NEARLY
ALL RAILS IN AMERICA.
PITTSBURO, June 8.— Pittsburg could ' not
bit Kitson ' and Brooklyn | outplayed . the home
team at every point. Brooklyn's error* were
not costly. ' Attendance. 6900. . Score: ' • •
"Clubs— ' r - r.'t.'-*.-, '••¦¦¦. ¦ ,. •' R. 7 " H."'--~B.'
Plttsburt ...;............. « ' 6; • 'J
EASTERN BASEBALL GAMES.
and National Leagues.
NATIONAL. ' LEAGUE. .
Results of the Playing in American
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, C. f 4 0 2 0 10 0
Householder, r. I.... 4 f 0 2 0 30 0
Reilly. 3b 4 • 0 0 0 2 3 0
Spies, c 4 13 0. 6 0 0
Hutchinson. lb ..4 0 1 IS 1 0
Reltz, 2b S 0 0 0 2 1 0
Kelly, b. e 3 0 0 0 3 2. 2
Bowman, 1. f 8 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hale, p ...3 0 0 0 0 . . 2: 0
Totals 32 1 • g 1 *26 >' » '-' 2
¦McLaughlln out for interfering with thrown
balL .. / . , V
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. p 4 0 0 10 1 - J
McLaughlin. 1. f..... 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Courtney. 2b.. ...4 c 1 2 0 8 10
Doyle, lb 4" 1 2 0 7 10
McGucken, c. f 4 0 10 3 0 0
JIanlon, s. s 3 0 1 0 2 11
Etrlcklett. r. f. 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
Sheehan. 3b 3' 0 10 2 8' 0-
Carter. C 4 «0 1 0. « , S ; : 0
ToUls "". .7A..34 2 9 '1-27 10,' • 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles........ 0 10 00000 0—1
Base hits .1 110 0-2,1.1-1—8
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 — 2
Base hits 1 1110-2111—9
iS SUMMARY. ,
i Runs responsible for— Hale 1. Three-base hit
t —Doyle. Two-base • hits— Spies, Householder.
Sacrifice hit — Reitz. First base on errors — Los
Angeles 2. Sacramento 1. First base on called
balls— Off Hale 2. Left on bases— Los Angelea
5, Sacramento 7. t Struck out— By Hale . 6, by
Devereaux 6. Double play— Sheehan to Doyle
to Eheehan. Wild pitch— Hale Time of gam©
—1:55. Umpire— O'Connell. Official scorer—
Rutherford. . ¦• . - : •••¦¦•. ¦ ,
-.- ¦ ¦ -. ¦ ¦ ¦ '. s . "¦- ' '
LOS ANGELES.
and Hanlon going to short. Devereaux
did excellent work, kept his hits well
scattered, struck .out five men and re
fused any of his opponents a promenade.
In the eighth inningr Captain Devereaux
protested the same on Doyle being de
clared out at third by Umpire O'Connell
on a blocked ball in the grand stand.
Manager Morley then protested the game
because Carter wore red stockings instead
of black and because Sheehan had white
bloomers instead of gray. Attendance 800.
The score:
Tigers Defeat the Yale Men.
PRINCETON, N. J., June 8.—Princeton to
day wiped out the defeat administered by( Yale
-•• Grosvenor;i P. ,'»'Ayers,'» J.- -Georgn 'i Boyne,'
Thomas ¦ P. *i Woodward, •• E. . E. ~. Schmltz. John
W. Rogere, James : F. . Cheetam," I* \ E. , Savage,
Emmet P.v Barrett, *A.* Ruef,: I. W. Lees. -
¦: That; at said election which: was held at; the
city and county of San ' Francisco, ¦ on .the 1 8th
day of June, 1901, all of the members of said
corporation were present and voted,' and that as
a result of said election the following were duly
elected ¦ and duly declared ' elected • directors 5 of
said association, j as above . set ; forth, . to . wit : ¦¦ : .;'
. That 'the. undersigned, ; J. George ¦ Boyne, . pre
sided at such 'election land :the undersigned,
L.-E. Savage acted . as : secretary . and recording
teller of : votes i at. said election.;.; .,.. ;¦ ~ ¦•--. ¦•••„
• ¦ That ¦ on * the ¦ 8th ¦ day of June, • 1901. ' at ' the
city 'and -, county of ¦ San . Francisco, Stats of
California, an election was held ' for directors
of •¦aid corporation and association, at the
hour of 12:30 o'clock p. m.; that a majority of
the members j of said corporation was present
and voted at such election, and as a result. of
Bald election the persons herein above named as
directors « were - duly; elected directors ; of said
corporation., ¦,«-'",•; -';.'-.'¦• — .. '->
The undersigned, J., George. Boyne and L.- E.
Savage, '•' do hereby : certify ; that , they were the
officers conducting the election of directors of.
the Republican " Primary League of San j Fran
cisco ¦ In • the : foregoing • articles I ot I Incorpora
tion. referred . to. ,-, ,- -¦ , '.-: i •".'¦»>¦;;.'
• I.-. W. Lees, San F.ranclsco. v -. >- ".;•-;.: . •
¦i': Sixth— That , there is no capital stock of said
corporation, ; as the. tame is not organized for
the purpose. Of 'profit,-. and' the object of said
corporation ' is not pecuniary profit. , ' -,
Fifth— That the number, of directors or trus
tees of . said i corporation shall be eleven, and
that the: names and residences of .. the directors
or trustees ¦ who : have • been or-'- are appointed
and elected for the first year and to serve until
the election and. qualification of their succes
sors, are as follows, to wit: : . * .....
Grosvenor P. Ayers. San Francisco.
• David ¦ Rich, - San Francisco. " y
" .George "Boyne. , San .Francisco. ;! t •' I '-¦''
m Thomas P. ¦ Woodward, San ; Francisco. '
.K. E. Schmltz, . San Francisco. ¦¦•> . .» ¦
I John, W. Rogers, 'San Francisco.
; James F- Chsetam, San Francisco.
:^L.*E. Savage,' San Francisco.
Emmet -P.i Barrett, San . Francisco. .
..' A. ; Ruef, .San Francisco, r •¦.:.•• >'¦'•";
: Fourth — That I the term for which . said cor
poration Is.' to exist is fifty .- years from and
after the date of its incorporation. i '¦ , ¦
Third— That the place where the ; principal
business of said corporation is to be transacted
is the city and county of San ¦ Francisco, State
of California. ' , ' ; ¦. " ! * " . !
Francisco, . including Assembly ' district clubs
and Assembly : district committees of not less
than five members in each Assembly district.'
To assist in the etabllshment and maintenance
of a/ permanent organization of the voters of
the Republican party of San Francisco." To aid
in and 3ecure '.the \ nomination ,and election ot
representative delegates to the various ' con
ventions of the . Republican party. To place
primary election tickets in the field at primary
elections for the suffrage of the Republican
voters of San Francisco in the various Assem
bly districts and to assist In securing the nomi
nation and election of the best and most rep
resentative men as candidates of the Repub
lican party for public office. To maintain and
establish a central organization of the Repub
lican party and its constituent electors in the
city and county of San Francisco. To estab
lish and maintain a central and district head
quarters of ¦ the Republican party, in the city
and county of San Francisco. To acquire lands,
buildings and apartments for headquarters by
lease | or purchase and "to dispose of, transfer
and convey the same; also to acquire by lease
or. purchase such personal' property 'as may
be necessary or requisite ¦ for . the conduct; and
operation of said headquarters...,: ¦ . >• ,.
Philadelphia ...... .•.'.;..'...:....:;.' 6 *- '..^6 • w- 1
Detroit ..........:......:.. 1 4 ,6
¦--' Batteries— Plank and !> Powers; ;• Yeager and
Buelow. ¦ - . ¦ ' •
Cleveland ..13 ¦ 16 • 2
-Batteries — Schmit, Dunn . and, Bresnehan;
Scott and Wood.. /> , ; .r : ¦ ; - ' . -.,.''•.. • ¦,'..-.'..•
; PHILADELPHIA. June 8.— The Detroit team
made their j first : appearance here to-day jj and
were defeated by the home club in a fast and
interesting game. 10,000. Score: ;
Clubs— ' i -'•.- ¦ ';¦¦ ¦">';.¦.¦. ;.-.i',R. < '.'' : H. -.Ye.'
•Clubs—* -" -. '• R. H. E.
Boston ..........12 8 ¦ " 3
Milwaukee 4 . % 6y *-. 4
Batteries— Lewis and Scheldeck; Sparks, Gar
vin and Leahy. v : ', ..>..¦: . . • ..... ¦
1 BALTIMORE}, June . 8.— The .' Cleveland team
had a batting: picnic with Baltimore here to
day. .Schmit' was batted out of the box in the
fifth end Dunn, who relieved him, fared little
better. -Attendance,' 3500. Score: . . • .¦
'¦ Clubs— "; \R. s ,h. E.
Baltimore 5 . 6 4
' AMERICAN LEAGUE.- \ . ,
WASHINGTON, June 8.— Chicago was out
batted to-day. Attendance, 4344. Score: ,» 1 •
Clubs— R. ; H. •'" E.
Washington g 14 ' 1
Chicago 3 6 - .2
Batteries— Lea and- Grady; Patterson and
Sullivan. .^ , • . .'. , - . ¦., , ' . ,:_ .
BOSTON, June 8.— Sparks' wlldness In the
fourth inning: unsettled the, whole Milwaukee
team - to-day; and before they recovered form
eight of the home team had ' crossed the plate.
Attendance. 8170." Score: ••
Brooklyn .....7 11- 5
Batteries— Tannehill, Willis and Zimmer;
Kitson and McGuire. , Umpire — O'Day.
CINCINNATI, June 8.— Matthewson was an
easy mark for, the locals during the early in
nings of to-day's game. Bunched hits in the
fourth and- fifth Innings put New York out of
the hunt.. Hahn pitched a. splendid same.' At
tendance, 10,084. Score: ¦ ¦ ' - .
Clubs— „-¦ ; , ¦ ¦ . "_ , R.. H. E.
Cincinnati , g' > 1
New York- .....4 11 2
Eatterles— Hahn and- Bergen. : Matthewson
and Warner. Umpire— Emslie. . ¦
CHICAGO, June 8.— Good stick. work gave the
locals to-day's game, after ihey had' almost
thrown it away by loose fielding. The Philadel
phia team played almost perfectly, but could do
nothing with Taylor. White gave way to Orth
¦In the fourth. Attendance 2200. Score: .
Clubs— .' ' R. H. ; JE.
Chicago :................... 5 -18 4
Philadelphia 4, 5 , 1
Batteries— Taylor and King; White) Orth and
McFarland. 'Umpire — Dwyer. .:.- ;j, ¦ -.
ST. LOUIS, June ' 8.— St. Louis-Bcston ( game
postponed on account of rain.'' ; - •
Music in the Park.
The park band will render the 'following pro
gramme this afternoon in Golden Gate Park:
Overture— "The Barber of Seville" ItoS3ini«
Caprice de Salon "Florencia" Harter
Waltz, "Morrenblatter" ". Strauss
_.u g0 I • .'....:..;.. Handel
Themes from Carmen"...' Bizet
Flute oolo-Selected...... .....;... ..A. Lombardo
Selection from [ the Japanese musical play
"The Geisha" -. j ones
Celebrated Minuet Paderewski
?, ext< £ f . r 2 m " L ucia"...'...... '...Donizetti
March— "Coon Contest'.' Fryor
at New Hgven a -week ago. By heavy ¦ stick
work to-day Princeton defeated the sons of Eli
by a score of 15 to 5. The came was loosely
p ayed, though there were several brilliant
plays. Sharpe, Yale's first baseman, played a
star game, and Pitcher Underhlll for Princeton
was very strong In the box. Score-
Clubs- . . R. H . .• E.
Yale 5 4 » ,
Princeton 15 17 , : 5
„ Batteries— Sharpe, Robertson and Harsh; TJn
derhill and Green.
the result of yesterday's contests:
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO FLY-CASTING CLUB AS THEY APPEARED YESTERDAY
AFTERNOON AT STOW LAKE. GOLDEN GATE PARK, IN PURSUIT OF THE GENTLE PASTIME OF paot
ING A DELICATE FLY. v CAST "
OCEA-C breezes prevented long
casts being: made at the monthly
tournament of the San Francisco
Fly-Casting: Club. The pleasant
weather drew a large number of
devotees of the sport to Stow Lake yes
terday afternoon. The lake was fringed
with spectators, who watcher the fly
casters handle their lines with skill and
delicacy.
. It was a classification re-entry contest,
and many members availed themselves of
the privilege of taking part. Horace
Smith kept tab on the casters. Walter
Mansfield, champion of the world, showed
his fellow members how records are
broken. The tournament will continue
to-day, and it is expected that twice as
many members will be on hand to enjoy
the rare sport. On Tuesday evening the
club will hold its bi-monthly banquet.
Horace Eriggs will read a paper on "Fly
Casters of Bygone Days." Following is
GILTS WIN A HOT GAMK
Essential Grounds.
Both Teams Enter Protests on Highly
SACRAMENTO, June 8.— In a well-con
tested game Sacramento defeated Los
Angeles by a score of 2 to 1 to-day. The
game was Intensely interesting from start
to finish and v,as marked by long hits,
superbly fielded on both sides. Devereaux
pitched for Sacramento, as Thomas is on
the hospital list. Doyle covering first base
DUTCH VICTORS
BY GOOD LUCK
San Francisco Players
/ Win a Ten-Inning
Game.
The Dudes Make a Brilliant
Effort, but Are Victims
. It was a game full of heart palpitations
and brilliant plays. Ten Innings were
necessary to decide it, and when the
dust ' of the diamond ' had settled, the
Dutch crew was seen going through the
gate with another victory In Its keeping.
Defeat to the Dudes was no disgrace, as
they played as good and even better ball
than the local aggregation. They were
out of luck, and > It now behooves Cal
Ewing to bring a few horseshoes to the
game to-day. •
For four innings not an error was re
corded. Heiney Krug gave the scorer a
chance in the last half of the fifth lnninjp
by juggling a swift grounder from the bat
of Dr. Moskiman. Pabst earned the sec
ond one later by trying to play "nigger
baby" with Arrellanes, who waa running
to second. Petey Lohman got a black
mark for throwing wide to second. No
other errors were recorded.
The Dutch did nothing until the fourth,
when Rellly walked, stole second and
came home on a long hit by Evans. It
was the Dudes' turn to go their rivals
one better In the fifth. Two timely bits
scored Arrellanes and Moore. San Fran
cisco evened matters in the seventh. Milt
Clayburgh announced that there would be
a balloon ascension and that Professor
Johnson would be the aeronaut. The pro
fessor gave the signal for letting go the
ropes, and Nordyke responded with a
two-cushion swipe to left field. Croll flew
to center and Josh Rellly dropped a nice
one over Franeks' head and Nordyke
trotted home in record time. There was
nothing more doing in the run-gettln* line
until the tenth. Both teams settled down
to work and put up gilt-edged ball. Oak
land, however, nearly won out to the
ninth, and there la some doubt whether
they were not entitled to a victory.
' Drennan opened with a single to left
and Streib followed with a bit to Rellly.
The latter made a stab at it and Just
touched the bounding sphere. Before no
could recover the ball Drennan was on
third. Streib stole second, and things
looked gloomy for uncle's men. Moski
man flew to Nordyke, and the ball was
thrown home with speed enough to keep
Drennan on the cushion. * Arrellanes hit
to Schwartz, who threw home In time to
nail Drennan at the plate. Francks batted
a slow one to Schwartz, who threw to
Pabst. . The ball reached him a second
ahead of the runner and Umpire Tyler
had the courage to call him out. His de
cision necessitated another inning. The
Germans played in luck. Reilly went out
and Graham was hit by the pitcher. Then
Evans slammed one out for two bases
and Graham came home on wlnga. Hllde
brand scored hl3 third hit and Evans was
caught between bases. Hlldy tried to
make second and both men were put out
by fast work. Oakland could da nothing
and. the agony was over.
Umpire Tyler improved in his work.
But one of his decision* was faulty and
he was hooted. When his nervousness
wears off he probably will do better.
Croll played a star game at center. He>
made five putouts and two assists. Dun
leavy won an ovation by making a dif
ficult catch and later throwing Hllde
brand out at the plate. Following: Is the
score:
SAN FRANCISCO. * '
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. S3.
Hlldebrand, 1. f 4 0 8 0 10 9
Schwartz, 2b 4 0 10 3 8 0
Krag, s. S..... 4 0 0 0 S S 1
Pabst. lb..... 4 0 0 0 11 0 1
Nordyke. r. f 4 110 3 0 0
Croll. c. f 4 0 1.0 S X 9
J. ReJlly.-3D 3 111 10 »
Graham, c.v. 3 10 O - 4 1 0
Evans, p 4 0 2 0 0 4 0
Totals .........33 7 9 A » 18 ~J
' OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. I.
Dunleavy, L t 4 00 0 3 1 O
Drer.nan. C. f 3 0 '1 1 . S 0 0
Stretb, lb...; 4 0 3 1 13 0 0
Moeklman. r. f 4 0 0 ' 0 0 0 0
Arrellanea. 2b... 4 10 15 10
Franeks, s. s 4 0 0 0 2 SO
Moore. 3b 4 11 0 0 4 O
Lohman, c 4 0 10 4 3 1
Johnson, p 4 0 1 1' 0 8 0
Totals.. 33 3 « 7 '» SI
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 00100100 1—3
Base bits 1 OllOllfO 1— »
Oakland 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0—3.
Base hits 0 00. 0 21012 0— S L
SUMMARY. • "• •*¦*- •.
Runs responsible for— Johnson 3. Two base
hit3— Hildebrand, Nordyke, Schwartz, Evans.
Sacrifice hit— Graham. First base on errors-
Oakland 1. First base on called balls*— San
Francisco 1, Oakland 1. Left on bases— San
Francisco 3, Oakland 3. Struck out — By John
son 2, by Evans 3. • Hit by pitcher— Graham.
Double plays— Franeks to Arrellanea to Streib.
Croll to Schwartz, Moore to Francks to Loh
man to Franeks. Time of same— 1:55. Umpire
— Tyler. Official scorer 1 — McFarlln.
A growing industry in Nebraska Is th«
trade in Jack rabbits, which are frozen
for shipment to the east, where they are
sold at fancy prices as Belgian hares.
Puppy stake,, first round— P. M. ! Curtis' . Miss
Pye beat Chiarini Bros.' Bona Magniflcaj 5-1;
E. Geary's Ruby Sankey beat T. Murnane's
Bonus. 12-5; William Frantz'a Lassie Frantz
heat E. Geary's Bonnie Hughle, 4-1; J. Quinn's
Royal Tick beat W. HI Rocker's Merriwa, 5-2;
P. M. Curtis' Sir Pitt beat Pasha Kennels'
Resident Agent, 4-0; Pasha Kennels' Royal
Archer, a bye;^E. M. Kellogg's . Modest Lad,
a bye; Aeneid Kennels' Argus beat J. D. Car
dineil's Runtez, 36-7.. . .
Class reserve stake: First round— Sterl &
Knowles' O'Hara beat W. J. Leonard's Day
light, 3-2; P. M. Curtis' Echo beat Thomas
Maher's Bad Boy. •<-<>; James Connell's Log
Boy beat W. C. Glasson's lone, 7-3; A. R.
Curtis' Vulcan beat Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas.
7-4; A. R. Curtis' Lord B-saconsfleld beat O.
Zahl's MUs Wll3on, 6-5; P. M. Curtis' Shadow
beat Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells, 3-0; F.
A. McComb's Bona Fide a bye; P. M. Curtis'
Anchor beat W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurllck. 4-0;
P. M. Curtis' McKinley beat Chiarini Brother'
Santonin, 4-1; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist
beat A. R. Curtis' King: Cotton, 6-0; E. Geary's
America beat* A. Vanderwhite's Flora McDon
ald, 5-2; E. M. Kellog-g's Frisco Lad beat L.
F. Bartels" Banner Bright, 6-4; Aeneid-Ken
nels' Achilles beat L. M. Connell's St. Helen,
3-1; Pasha Kennels' ¦ Random . Aim beat Sterl
& Knowles' Sleety Mist. 8-5;' F. A. McComb's
Mctto beat George Sharman's Bowery Boy. 3-0;
George Sharman's St. .Ives beat P. M. Curtis'
Cash, ,4-0; J.,«,Hurley'B Hurricane beat F. S.
Price's Forget;* 6-1* Russell & Allen's Daisy
Clair beat Pasha Kennels' .Rollicking Airs,
5-1; P. M. " Curtis" ' War Eagle.' beat Pasha Ken
nels' Robert's Army. 7-2; Star Kennels' Fonte
noy beat Aeneid Kennels' Athena, 7-0; J. R.
McCarthy's John Doe beat J. H. McNeil's
Black Hawk, 4-0; P. M. Curtis' Vagrant beat
Pasha Kennels' .Royal Anne, 8-0; P. J.^Reilly's
Ploughboy beat T. Logan's Miss. Grizzle, 4-2;
P. J. Reilly's (names) The Grafter beat D.
Toland's Twilight Jr.. 6-0; J. Cane's Greenhall
beat E. M. Kellogg' s Sweet Emma, ¦ 2-0; W.
C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells beat J. D. Cardlnell's
Jeslby, 8-1; A. R. Curtis' Candelarla beat F.
Schou's ,-Kins's Borderer, 5-1; 1m M. Parkin
son's Ben Lomond beat L. -M.' Connell's Wnlt'j
Hat, 3-2; Russell & Allen's Rosie Clair beat
P. J. Johnson's Strand of Gold. 5-0; A. R.
Curtis' Rector beat Star Kennels' Herschel's
Pride. 5-4; George Sharman's Chicago Boy beat
F. B. Gerber's Rienzi, . 5-0; Pasha Kennels'
Lawrence beat F. A. McComb's Hot Haste, 3-1;
P. M. Curtis'. Narcissus beat Sterl & Knowles'
For Glory. 4-0; J. .Smith's Master Workman
beat F. Schou's Smuggler,. 4-0; J. Smith's
Boney Boy beat C. E. Wiley's Alameda Lad,
10-3; Pasha Kennels' Real Article beat P. Jack
son's Honor Bright, 10-6; F. S. Price's Brutus
beat J. Kerrigan's Roxano, 5-3; P. Jackson's
Golden Russet beat Pasha Kennels' Round
About. 8-1; D. Cahill's Ever Sure beat Pasha
Kennels' Rocker, .5-0; D. Toland's . Pleasant
Girl beat A. R. Curtis' Pilot, 8-0; W. C. Glas
son's Dewdrop beat E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha,
4-0; L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain beat T. J.
Cronin's Vixen, 3-2; Russell & Allen's First
Foot beat Tj J. Cronin's Thornhill, b-3; Pasha
Kennels' Fiery : Face beat A. R. Curtis' Loyal
Lad, 4-0: Auneld Kennels' Agamemnon beat
Rusrell & Allen's Scotland Yet, 5-0; Star Ken
nels' Mayflower beat P. Steinhoft's Veto, 6-3;
J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince beat George Shar
man's Black Flush, 3-0; E. M. Kellogg' s Buck
beat -F*. A. McComb's Royal Flush. 3-2; F.
Kcnou's Nora La,wrence beat D. Walter's Cam
pania,. 3-0:, Star Kennels' Game Boy beat J.
J. Keenan's Dreadnaught, 6-2; Pasha Kennels'
Red Agate beat E. W. ' Whlteside's Greenback,
6-5; Sterl & Knowles' Freeze Out beat A. R.
Curtis' Blue Ribbon. 4-0. i - . .
Probable winners are Echo, Vulcan,
Shadow, -Anchor, Rural Artist, America,
Random Aim, 1 Motto, Daisy Clair. "War
Eagle, John Doe, The Grafter, Greenhall,
Ben Lomond, . Rector, Lawrence, Narcis
sus, Real Article, Brutus, Ever Shore,
Dewdrop, j Fiery Face, Agamemnon,
rone Prince, Game Boy, Freeze Out. • . '
In the Puppy Stake Royal Archer and
Modest Boy are the choice. Royal Tick
looks as good as the next one for stake
honors. ¦
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow: •
"War Eagle is played for the stake, Bona
Fide, Rector, Narcissus, Dewdrop and
Mayflower . following in order. Anchor
stard« a good chance to beat Bona Fide
and Rector shows the effects of recent
heavy work. -¦. • ' :
Achilles beat St. Helen at 4 to 1.
¦ There was no distinction between talent
and piker before the course. For once
they were of the one opinion, for not a
dollar, could be placed against the forty
which awaited takers in the pool box.
Greenhall, on the short end at 10 to 1,
beat Sweet Emma by favor. The dogs
went up the field together and the course
belonged to the one toward which the i
hara would swing. It swung to Greenhall..
Hurricane beat Forget.
Ever Sure, with 6 to 1 against his
chances,' beat Rocker pointless and helped
the pikers who played him to quite an
extent. Down near the bottom of the
card the biggest long shot of the season
had his colors hoisted. Red Agate went
aga!nst his more experienced brother and
won out at odds of 40 to 1. •¦'¦.•;
The run - down of the Class Reserve
stake at Union t Coursing Park yesterday
resulted in. a baker's dozen decisions
were' not in accordance with tho
judgment of the wise ones.. Considering
the size of the stake , the day could be
classed as a favorable one 'for the talent
were' it not for the average heavy odds
laid against the victorious short ends. As
it was the big bettors were badly treated:
The first hard rap was lnithe early part
of the stake in the course between San
tonin and McKinley. Santonin has done
considerable work of late \ and close to
finish of -.nearly all his stakes has caused
the best of them to retire. Naturally the
talent, made' him choice over his half
brother, McKinley, though the odds^ of
30 to 1 were out of line. From the slips
Santonin took a slight iead. His ' oppon
ent did the rest, making two turns and
the kill. . ¦
P. M. Curtis' Vagrant, though not high
ly spoken of of late, has been coming
along. He was due to show and refused
a point to the, Pasha. Kennels' fast Royal
Anne, a 6>to 1 choice. •
Many Clever Coursers Give'
/ the Stake a Very Open
; > , . Appearance.
Picked by* -the Talent
to Win the Reserve'
•Event. ' :
WAR EAGLE MADE
FIRST CHOICE
Devotees of the Popular Pastime Make High Scores Despite the Zephyrs
That Ripple the Water—Classification Re-entry Contests Bring
Out Many Members-— Clever Work Is Done by the Rod Manipulators
EXPERT FLYCASTERS ENJOY SOME
RARE SPORT IN GOLDEN GATE PARK
Continued From Page Twenty-Three.
REPUBLICANS INCORPORATE.
"Those races," he said, "are given un
der the auspices of. the Newport Yacht
Racing Association. This year they have
made a class for 90-footers. j I don't know
whether 'Mr. Lawson has entered his boat
or not, but there is little doubt that the
Constitution will be a, participant in the
races.". ' • ; • v .
"Mr. Lawson's letter in reply . to . Com
modore Ledyard's most recent communi
cation I saw in the papers. It would in
dicate that Mr. Lawson would not ac
cede to the terms of our rules.- He does
not say so, however, in so many words.
There is still a chance for Mr. Lawson
to have his boat meet the Constitution in
the trial races." ¦ * " : . -
Oddie was asked about the races off
Newport early in July. -•. '¦
"So far as the club is concerned the
incident- is closed. Mr. Lawson knows
the wuy he can get into the , trial races.
All he has to do is to say the word, char
ter his boat to one of our members, and
the way will be clear to him.
NEW YORK, June S.— "It's up to Law
son." This is the manner in which the
members of the New York -Yacht Club
express their opinion ] regarding the con
troversy between the club and the owner
of the Independence. ¦ • *
Lawson agrees with Commodore Lewis
Cass Ledyard that further discussion as
to whether the Independence shall meet
the Constitution in jthe: trial races is use
less. In a communication sent to Led
yard from Boston to-day, Lawson says so!
But Lawson does not state specifically
that he willnot finally accede to the ulti
matum, as laid: down by the committee
of 'the New* York Yacht-Club. Lawson
still has a chance to race his boat against
the Constitution in the trial races by
chartering his boat" to. some member of
the New York Yacht Club. ¦¦"."¦
Secretary Oddie was seen at the club
house-to-night and said: • ¦¦ ..
One Way in Which the
Independence May
Enter Races.
"UP TO LAWSON"
SAY YACHTSMEN
Tl HE first choices were mowed down
at Oakland yesterday as if they
¦were of no concern."*\ Long shots,
" second .and third • pickings rolled
.in to the delectation of .the pik
ers and the pleasure of the bookies.
Torsida, with. J. McCarthy In the saddle,
won the first race without 'any great ef
fort.* Senator Matts/at long" odds!" looked
like a winner until ! the paddock, when
Torsida came up on- the bound • and was
steered Into port In advance of the bunch."
Hohenlohe, with Ruiz in the. saddle, made
the show. Faunette and Yule, equal fav
orites, finished nowhere. .
There was nothing but Rio de "Altar In
tho second race. Getting A away at the
break, Rio led all the way, Mission tack
ing on and holding the place position until
the full Futurity course was finished.
Catherine Bravo worked, from fifth posi
tion to the show at the -wire.
In the third race over four and: a half
furlongs for 2-year-olds B. C. Greene
started to make the pace and it; was a
merry one. until well in the stretch, when
Escalante,- Alexander up, took courage
and won out. Snowberry, Prior - in the
saddle, bursted like, a bomb at .the end
and made the place. Parlzade came in for
third money.- ¦•-¦¦.- „-.. - • ¦¦
Ralston, the third choice, with Hoar In
the saddle, led all the route over the Fu
turity course in the fourth event. For
a time Nullah made an argument, but fell
away in the stretch, giving the place to
Vantine. Gibraltar, tho favorite, made
the show. ¦ » .,,-•'• ¦ :••. -,-( :¦¦¦¦
Rey Dare, 21 to 1, in the fifth race over,
seven furlongs, finished nowhere in the
money. Good Hope, with Hoar up, kept
close enough .to .Montallade, who was in
the lead, to struggle for first place, and
the struggle was not In vain. Montallade
came in for the place and Byron Rose for
the show. ' . ."¦-"¦¦¦ . • ' ' -
Jim McCleevy, touted all ' around ' the
ring in the last race, one mile and seventy
yards, as a good thing, finished for the
purse after a hard driving finish. Rainier
made the place and Cromwell, the favor
ite, came home for the show. . .: .
Good; Hope Wins an Easy Race From Montallade.
Rio de Altar Comes to the Front-r-Escalante,
After a Hard Ride, Gets the First Money
FAVORITES ARE DUMPED WITH
PERSISTENCY AT OAKLAND TRACK
THE ¦ .- S AN ;; FR AN CISCO. \C AI^ - ¦' SU3?f DAY,'.; : JIJNE,:^ 9, 1 90 j;
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
24
ft K
23 >%
x3 g 3
m C "¦
1 2 ? o P
CONTESTANT. • ?- ? «
i n>
'•¦j.j •<
i °
Everett, No. 1...... 100 90.8
Everett, No. 2 100 83
Golcher. No. 1.... 104 84.4
Golcher, No. 2 110 79.4
Grant, No. 1
Grant, No. 2
Grant. No. 3
Mansfield 84.8
Skinner, No. 1 79.4
Skinner , No. 2 97 .:
Eve
n
jnt No. 3.
'ellcacy.
Si i
<f a
: 3
75 80
78.4 84.6
74.2 79.5
75 83.2
75.10 83.1
75 80.4
77.6 82.3
78.4 84.2
65.10 70.7
%
r. O
a n
90.8
S4.S
91.4
90.4
S5.8
87
93
75.4
ft K
23 >%
x3 g 3
m C "¦
1 2 ? o P
CONTESTANT. • ?- ? «
i n>
'•¦j.j •<
i °
Everett, No. 1...... 100 90.8
Everett, No. 2 100 83
Golcher. No. 1.... 104 84.4
Golcher, No. 2 110 79.4
Grant, No. 1
Grant, No. 2
Grant. No. 3
Mansfield 84.8
Skinner, No. 1 79.4
Skinner , No. 2 97 .:
Eve
n
jnt No. 3.
'ellcacy.
Si i
<f a
: 3
75 80
78.4 84.6
74.2 79.5
75 83.2
75.10 83.1
75 80.4
77.6 82.3
78.4 84.2
65.10 70.7
%
r. O
a n
90.8
S4.S
91.4
90.4
S5.8
87
93
75.4
DR. MEYERS &M, I
SKILLED SPECIALISTS. |
.Patients may deposit the price of a cure in any San
, * Francisco bank, to remain there, till they ar* ¦well, or
may pay in monthly 1 installments.- Prices reasonable
• alike to riw-h and poor. * . . .
.. , . Our phj'Slclans are all regular grtduates from the
best medical colleges. They have had many years' ex- - •'
\- perience in hospitals, in general practice and as ape-
- ciallsts. "We do not send our. patients to hieh-pricsci t
drug stores, where their prescriptions may be careless- .1,' '•
:'¦ ly filled, but we supply, all medicines necessary to ef- "
fact a cure from our own private laboratories. FREE <
S| VU 1< El AL4 |U
I AILMENTS
B I )h /Vl .H iVI * r
r ,\ Among other ailments we cura lost, vitality, wasting
. -drains, , etc , special diseases, Including contagious
• "-, blood poison; also'varlcocele,' hydrocele, stricture, dls.
eatfes, of the kidneys, bladder, splno, etc. ¦",
Our home cure department has been in successful op-
r, ; . / eration since 1881. Sufferers who cannot come to San
- ';•• - Francisco should write 1 for our private book for iaen '-^
- "question list, advice, etc. This little publication should . '."»
M^t%^ '.be In the hands of every man, youn« or old, married or v '^'
single.. sick or well. ;- -.1 -• ¦/"-.¦
Our offices are; still at the old location, where : wb - >
. have .been lor so many years, and where we can \ b«
t ' consulted, free of charge from 8 to. 5 daily; 7 to 8 even- •'•' 1
'Cii'-J Ings; 9 to 11 Sundays. -Elevator entrance, ; . '. -•.' ¦>'
; . ¦ ¦ ¦ - 1,,,.^^—, ' '•"¦¦'¦'•'¦'• ¦¦' '¦ •¦¦• ¦"¦•¦"-•. ."'" a ¦'.'/':. '¦ - : - r : • ¦ :
Cleveland
Bicycles
$35 and $40
Racers $50
LEAVITT & BILL
SAN FRANCISCO
OAKLAND !
SAN JOSE
After the Rir*a !
W LADD'S GUN STORE
Reopened at old number. 421 Kearny
street. Goods •lightly damaged by water
and fli» to be 6old for thirty ' dayi at
Great Reduction. FISHING TACKLE and
SPORTING GOODS of every description.
All new poods at special discount daring
sale Hlgbest cash price paid for raw
Fors Send 3' cents tor postage ot 109-
page Illustrated . catalogue. » 'POPULAR TOUNO COUPLE WHO
WILL TO-DAT BE MARRIED IN
PACIFIC GROVE. . -
Only members of the family •will be pres
ent. The Rev. Father Mestres of Mon
terey will be the officiating clergyman.
As children Air. Princevalle and Miss
Johnson were playmates, and as they,
grew to maturity • their friendly regard
ripened into love. The fathers of the two
young people were at one time partrers
in business In Santa Clara. . -.
.The bride-to-be is a clever and charm-
Ing young lady. Mr. Princevalle was born
in San Francisco and has many friends
in that city. He is now a successful busi
ness man of Redwood City. After a short
trip to the north Mr. and Mrs.' Prince
valle will return to Redwood City to ¦ re
side.
NAVAL OFFICER ttat.t.r '
from BuniDnra's dome
Lieutenant Commander Bull Meets
With Serious Accident at the , ;
Buffalo Exposition.
BUFFALO, N. T., June 8.— Lieutenant
Commander J. H. Bull of the United
States navy, in charge of the hydro
graphic ' service at • the Pan-American
grounds, fell from the dome of the Ck>v
ernment building to-day and ..was - seri
ously injured. He was unconscious when
assistance reached him and was taken at
once to. the Emergency Hospital.
"After a careful examination . the sur
geons j reported that #whlle Commander
Bull's injuries were serious, they did
not think they would prove fatal. 5 His
right leg is broken below the knee and
his hip Is fractured. It was at' first sup
posed that his skull had S been fractured,
but this was not the case. He- was re
moved to his home this .evening.
•with that given of him hy the pawn
broker. "With this as the only clew Cap
tain Seymour is hopeful of running down
the bold house breaker. . *
From the clever manner in which the
fellow forces entrances to houses the po
lice are satisfied that "* he is an accom
plished burglar, with perhaps a long crim
inal record. The fact that he touches
nothing but the costliest silverware leads
the detectives to believe that he is an ex
pert on articles of table ware. I
There is a growing suspicion that the
burglar who was discovered in the Woods
residence on Oak street, near Devisadero,
the other night is the same man who has
been operating in the Western Addition.
After being cornered he tried to explain
his presence in the house by saying that
he -had been drinking and thought he was
in his own home.' Woods consented to ac
company him to a street light to allow
him to read a letter which he claimed
•would establish his identity, and -while he
was thus engaged the burglar took to his
heels and disappeared in the darkness. ',
PACIFIC GROVE. June- 8.— In the
local Catholic church to-morrow
mornintj there will occur a pretty
wedding, uniting Philip Prlnce
/valle of Redwood City and Miss
Aida L. Johnson, the youngest daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. C. Johnson of thin c:ty.
B. - Clements, master of the schooner
Sparrow, which is lying off Mission Bock,
was -found dead in his bunk yesterday
afternoon, fs having committed suicide
sometime Friday night by shooting 1 him
self in the head with a 38-caliber Smith &
Wesson revolver. The body was found
by J. W. McDonald, Elmer Compton and
Austin Keegan, who visited the schooner
to see Mr. Bennett,* with whom they were
on friendly terms.
Clements lived in Alameda with his wife
¦and three children. His home was^mort
gaged and being unable to meet the nec
essary payment it is supposed that he be
came despondent and resolved to end hi3
existence. ; He -was last seen Friday af
ternoon, when he visited a saloon" on
Fourth street and called for a drink. His
face was powder-burned, and when ques
tioned about it he said he had been clean
ing a loaded revolver, when It -was acci
dentally discharged, part of the powder
burning his face.
MASTER OF A SCHOONER ;; .
BLOWS OUT HIS BRAINS
1 ¦-. Giersdorfer claims he Is innocent. He
has secured the services • of" Attorney
Jarr es ' W.V Cochrane/ The prisoner .ap
pears to | have ' plenty of money . and ( does
not seem to fear the result of. his trial. . '-
It is . claimed that forgeries . committed
by Giersdorfer in New York -last March
against- the • firm employing , him 'netted
him $16,000. "; He "passed through this city
on his way to Japan, but went only as far
aa'Honolulu: Hereturned from there and
has since been residing with his ? wife in
Marin County. ' . . , " - .
Edgar Glersdorf er, alias • Howard E.
Vernon, who claims to be vice president
of the Universal r Automobile Company,
with offices in the Parrott building, was
arrested In Escalles last night by Sheriff
Taylor of Marln , County and Detective
Archie Hammil of this city. ' He was ap
prehended\on a bench warrant issued in
New York. He was charged with grand
larceny.; ¦ ; ' : - ; -\\ ¦_ ,
Father Casey lias, already received "a
number of handsome gifts. On Tuesday
last he was presented with a silver plate
at the close of the brothers', schools from
the teachers and pupils. . The presenta
tion address was made by MasteriCalla
han. The Children of Mary showed' their
appreciation for Father Casey by present
ing him on Thursday last with £' silver
fish set. Miss Mary Daly expressed the
feelings of the children in an appropriate
address, and P'ather Casey made a feeling
reply. Father Casey has also received a
set of brass candelabra, which stands ten
feet high.
To-morrow > evening the 'closing exer
cises of the girls'- school will be held in
the church hall. A drama entitled "The
Second Sprlng"'Will be presented by the
pupils. > •
ALLEGED FORGER
IS APPREHENDED
Alter vespers this evening the parish
ioners will tender a reception to their be
loved pastor. He will be presented with a
magnificently engrossed set of resolutions
expressive of their esteem. It is said to
be one of the largest and most artistic
pieces of pen work that has been executed
in this city for a long time past, cover
ing a space of 40xS7 inches and containing
about 1150 words. An ornamented border
of original design surrounds the text. The
colors used are dark maroon on a silver
background. The initial letter of every
paragraph is highly ornamented and col
ored. ¦ • ¦ ¦
Rev. P. S. Casey, pastor of St. Peter's
Church, will celebrate the twenty-fifth
anniversary of his ordination to the
priesthood to-morrow morning. f'A solemn
high mass will be sung, and the Rev. Pe
ter C. Yorke will preach a sermon appror
priate to the. occasion. It is expected that
his Grace Archbishop Riordan wilt be
present. Special music will be rendered:
by the choir and the services will be very
solemn and impressive.
BINGHAMTON. N. Y., June 8.— While
a freight train on the Lackawanna was
taking water at Vestal, ten miles west of
here, at 9:45 o'clock to-night. It was run
into from behind by a double-header wild
cat train. In the second car from the ca
boose of the stationary train was a large
quantity of dynamite, which was exploded
by the Impact. Six men were killed and
three fataJly injured. The dead are: : , -
J. M. KELLEY, Elmira.
THEODORE POLHEMUS, Elmira. -
FIREMAN WETHERBEE.
ENGINEER MATTICE.
WILLIAM MEDDICK. trainman.
ELMER POLHEMUS, trainman.
TRAIN CRASHES
INTO DYNAMITE
TO CELEBRATE
SILVER JUBILEE
quarantined institution, by Hoffman, as
sisted by Henry Taber, a deaf fnute.
Hoffman lighted a cigarette and threw
the burning match to the floor, where it
ignited the alcohol that had dripped from
the child's body. The attendant whipped
out a towel saturated with the fluid to
smother the flame. As the cloth struck
the fire there was a sudden flash of blue
flame that swept over the boy's form and
caught Hoffman in its embrace.
Taber rushed with blankets to the as
sistance cf the boy and Hoffman, heed-
Ies3 of his own severe burns, helped to
smother the lire that had completely en
veloped the unforunate boy.
As soon as the blaze had been Quenched,
doctors were summoned. Dr. O. D. Ham
lin. the physician in charge, and Dr. H. N.
Rowell hastened to the patient, and were
reinforced by Dr. J. S. Eastman and Dr.
William S. Porter.
For nearly twenty-four hours every
thing that medical siUl could devise was
resorted to, but the terrible shock was
too severe to overcome. At 1:30 o'clock
this afternoon the child died. The
Coroner was summoned to take charge
and to prepare for the official investiga
tion that shall determine the responsibil
ity for the awful occurrence.
The accident occurred in Bartlett hall,
a dormitory which had been set-aside for
children who had not been stricken with
smallpox, which has been epidemic for
sixty days at the institution.
* The little fellow had been taken to the
dormitory to be prepared for release.
Under the orders from the surgeons all
of his clothing- had been removed, his
hair cut and he was given the alcohol
bath which proved so fatal. This pro
cedure had- been followed in fifty other
cases as a precaution against possible
contagion.
Hoffman had been sent out from Oak
land at the outbreak of the smallpox
epidemic as an assistant in the care of
the patients. He had been employed at
such work by the Oakland Health Depart
ment. ' Although not an expert nurse he
was considered competent for the duties
prescribed.
Superintendent Waring Wilkinson, in
charge of the institute, declares that the
accident was inexcusable. He said:
"We have had two men,- Hoffman and
Berry, extra assistants, sent out from
Oakland to attend to the bathing and
fumigating of the children whom we felt
safe in sending home. These men have
been giving each child two baths, the sec
ond one being in the nature of an alcohol
1Kb. Hoffman was applying the alcohol
to little Wirt Allen when he stopped to
light a cigarette. He threw the match,
still blazing, on the floor. He probably
realized the danger of the saturated room,
for he whipped at the match with a towel.
But this towel ¦was full of alcohol. In an
instant the stuff ignited and the poor child
was all ablaze.
¦'Henry Taber. one of our deaf mute su
pervisors, was assisting at the time. He
had the presence of mind to jump quickly
and place his hand over the boy's mouth
in order to prevent his inhaling the
flames. Hoffman threw a rug around the
child and managed to put out -the blaze,
but not until the unfortunate lad was
burned and roasted In a horrible manner.
"This is an. awful ending to the small
pox epidemic. The child was perfectly
well. The precautions we were taking
with him were only those that we have
used in the case of the other 125 who
have been sent home already. Wirt Al
len has been with us three years. <
"We shall have to take- steps against
Hoffman. The directors have been noti
fied, but we shall probably awair the re
sults of the Coroner's inquest."
-Superintendent Wilkinson's statement Is
based upon a report made to him by Tab
er. When the superintendent questioned
Hoffman the attendant declared he did
not know how the accident occurred.
Hoffman is a middle-aged man. He
shows marks of the accident on his per
son. His right hand is badly burned and
his hair, eyebrows, eyelashes and face
are singed.- He is uncommunicative and
t$kes the accident very much to heart.
The child was the son of Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Allen of Winters. The mother was
at the child's bedside when he passed
away. He was conscious and kissed her
a short time before the end came.
BERKELEY, June 8.— After lingering
for twenty-four hours in agony. Wirt Al
len. 9 years old, a deaf mute, pupil at the
State Institute for the Deaf. Dumb and
Blind, died this afternoon from burns sus
tained yesterday through the carelessness
of William F. Hoffman, an attendant,
who was employed to assist in the fumi
gating of the buildings where smallpox
has existed. The boy was being bathed
in tilcohol. preparatory to his leaving the
The feast of Corpus Christi will be cele
brated in the Catholic churches to-day, i
A solemn tiigh mass will be celebrated
at 10:30 o'clock In St. Joseph's Church i»
. honor of the feast. In the evening at 7:30
o'clock there will be solemn vespers and
benediction, after which there will be a
procession of the blessed sacrament. The
blessed : sacrament will be I exposed
throughout the day.
Special music will be rendered at the 11
o'clock mass In St. Dominic's Church."
The choir, under the direction of Franklin
Palmer, will sing the ¦ sequence of St.
Thomas Aquinas, "Lauda Sion," witn mu
sic by Mendelssohn. The music of the
mass will be by Dubois." At the offertory
Miss Lily Roeder will sing the "Caro
Cibus," by. Mendelssohn. The soloists will
be: Soprano, Miss Lily Roede^i, contralto,
Miss Ella V. McCloskey; tertV, D. M.
Lawrence; bass, Walter \Vebb. . X
A solemn Novena to the Sacred 'Heart
will begin in Sacred Heart Church to-day
and close on Sunday next. The following
programme will be observed:
To-day— Solemn" high mass with procession
of the blessed sacrament, 11 o'clock' a. m. Ser
mon, "Pleadings at the Sacred Heart.'" Rev.
P. < Scanlan, St. Joseph's Church. 7:30 p. m
solemn vespers; sermon, "Claims of the SacreU
Heatt," Rev; Philip O'Ryan, St., Mary's Ca
thedral. ¦ .
Mcnday — Vespers, 7:30 p. m. ; sermon; "Divine
Rights of the Sacred Heart,",* Rev. J. Coyle,
is ta r - of the Sea.
Tuesday— Vespers. 7:30 p. m.: sermon, "Tha
Sacred Heart Glorified In the Mass," Rev.
Thomas McSweeney, St. Francis' , Oakland
: Wednesday. 7:30 p. m.— Sermon. "Sacred
Heart Glorified In Holy Communion," Rev. P.
Foley, St. = Joseph's, Alameda.
Thursday— Vespers, 7:30 p. m.; sermon, "Con
fraternity of the Sacred Heart," Rev. John T.
LaUy. Haywards.
¦ Friday— Feast of the Sacred Heart; solemn
pontifical vespers; 7:30 p. in., sermon, "Glory
to the Sacred Heart," Rev. William Gleeson,
East Oakland.
Sunday — Solemn high mass. 11 a. m. ; sermon.
"Treasures of the Sacred Heart." Rev. James
McDonald, St. Charles' Church. Vespers. 7:30;
sermon, "Loyalty to the Sacred Heart," Rev.
C. E O'Neile. St. Francis'.
Masses. 5:30, 6:30. 7:30. 8:30. Instructions at
the 8:30 mass. Enrollment of promoters after
vespers Friday.
On Saturday, 9 a. m., solemn anniversary
requiem high mass for the repose of the soul
of Rev. James Flood.
A -mass-meeting for men will be held
in the auditorium of the Y. M. C. A.
building this afternoon. Rev. F. K. Baker
will speak on "Only a Man, and Yet what
He May Become."
t Rev. ZP. S. Ford will preach this morn-
Ing on' "The Judgment of the Church,"
and in the evening on "Reward."
Rev. H. H. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "The Gospel of Christ," and
in the evening on "David."
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street M. E. Cnurch will preach this
morning on "The Duty. Next to Hand."
Rev. George C. Adams of the First
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "A Blessing for the Poor,"
and in the evening on "A Blessing Asked,
Received and Abused."
"The Sacrament" will be the subject of
discussion at the First Church of Christ.
Scientist, this morning.
Rev. E. J A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on "The
Mission of the. Church," and in the,even
ing on "The Young Man of To-TDay.".
Hev.'S.,D. Hutsinpiller of the Central
M. E.' Church , will preach, this morning, on
"God and.the-Children," and in the even
ing oh "Our ."-Present Great Opportunity
In the Kingdom- of Christ."
x Rev. A. C. Bane of the California
street M:E: Church will speak this morn
ing on "Stand Fast." and in the evening
on "The Accursed Thing." '
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M.
E. Church will speak this morninar on
"The Dangers of Apostasy From Christ."
and in: the evening on "Mapping Out Our
Course." - : .
Rev. "W. Woodward of the Epworth M.
E. Church will preach this evening on
"The Old and the New in Paul's Life."
Subjects of Sermons to Be
Heard in Churches This*
Sabbath.
Catholics Will Celebrate
Corpus Christi
To-Day.
SOLEMN FEAST
TO BE OBSERVED
INDIANS DEPICT
PASSION SCENES
Give a Remarkable Pres
entation on>Plains
of Chilliwack.
WANT SURRENDER
OF CONCESSIONS
VANCOUVER. B. C. 'June 8.— Three
thousand Indians ; to-day presented the
Passion Play at Chilliwack.^The tabjeaux
and all the ceremonies'in connection were
the most unique and elaborate of the kind
ever produced on . this continent. ¦ Every
detail of the Passion was presented by the
Indians, who, have been" training for the
event for months. American visitors
formed a large part" of the number who
witnessed the impressive, scenes- this .af
ternoon. There we're several hundred vis
itors from Seattle and Tacoma, and, with
the great gathering of brightly dressed
natives, more than 4000 persons thronged
the big field In which the play was held.
Early, this morning the introductory cer r
emonies took place. Blessings were pro
nounced by Bishop Dontenwill, Fathers
Chirouse and Lejeuneand others of the
attendant clergy. Just after noon the pro
cession was formed and first marched
through the town" of: Chilliwack. The
clergy walked with eight of the older
chiefs at the head of the long line of In
dians. Many families rode in carts and in
many of the wagons there were frequently
three generations of native braves.
The -site of the crucifixion was similar
to the real Golgotha of the Scriptures.
Fiom the small hill on which a stand had
been arranged for the performers the
ground sloped away into the galley and
down toward Mount Baker, which is oniy
a mile or two away. Here had gathered
the larger number of the spectators. The
regiment of red men came down from. the
village and after a short pause com
menced-marching around the platform.
The little hill was encircled three times,
the. Indians chanting the while hymns
they had learned from the pioneer priests.
Tho various evolutions necessary for car
rying this out with such a large body of
men and women of all ages were enacted
to a nicety.
Then .for the greater part of the after
noon the scenes of the passion were en
acted in detail. Each was explained spe
cifically by Bishop Dontenwill. or by one
of the assisting priests, for it was the
object to impress the native mind with
the solemnity- of the occasion. -
¦ Tho first was that of Christ's visit to
Getn.semane, which was carried out in
every realistic detail, • from the tableaux
of the sleeping disciples to the grove of
trees through which the Savior passed in
his walk. With no delay, the betrayal by
Judas was shown and then attention cent
ered on the third scene, that of the trial
by Pontius Pilate. The Roman Governor
was shown amid all his wealth, and alto
gether the scene was depicted with rare
magnificence. !
The meeting between Jesus and' his
mother created a marked" impression upon
the throng.
Then came a marvelous reproduction of
the scene in which was Christ bearing the
cross, coming along the edge of the hill.
The young chief . who enacted this part
bent down and finally collapsed under the
burden of the cross, and was relieved by
the disciple who stood i next him. This
piece of work was carried out' very pret
tily.
Following came the exhortation by
Jesus to the two prisoners who were to
be executed with him. The cross was ar
ranged with a mechanical contrivance so
that blood would pour out of the .various
wounds from which the Master was
shown to have suffered. , • ,'~ - . .
• Finally, there was .the death scene and
that of the removal from the cross. The
Roman soldiers stood around in all the
glory of ancient magnificence, vhile
Mary, the mother, of Jesus, and Mary
Magdalene and other women were suita
bly portrayed. • • ' • '
At the close 'ot the scenes, which num
bered sixteen In all, the priests gave the
Indians lessons from the passion and ad
dressed them in small groups until the
gathering broke up at dusk.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Three ThbusaDd Siwashes
Participate in Impressive
Tableaux. v
POLICE RECOVER
STOLEN SILVER
NEW YORK, June 8.— A hearing was
given to-day in Jersey City in the suit
brought in , the United States Circuit
Court to compel. the Honduras Syndicate
to surrender concessions obtained from; it
by the Government of. Honduras. Gen
eral Benjamin -F. Tracey,' former Secre
tary of the Navy, was examined by" Jacob
F.' Shipherd, the promoter of the original
Honduras Company. .It is - claimed that
General Tracey and others, after learning
the projects and plans of the Honduras
Company, formed the Honduras Syndicate
and obtained for the Honduras Syndicate
valuable concessions, .which should have
gone to the Honduras Company.
General Tracey said he had been In
formed that Shipherd had dropped out of'
the enterprise, but that there was no rea
son why he or others should drop out.
Shipherd had ¦ promised to see him, but
failed to do so. Suddenly he was con
fronted with the signing of the papers. He
thought that Shipherd would prefer to
have him on the inside. He told his as
sociates in the enterprise that Shipherd
must be well treated, but he thought the
compensation of $50,000 given to Shipherd
was extravagant. -.' ,:
General ; Tracey said the relation of
counsel never existed between himself and
anybody In connection with the projected
Honduras enterprise.' Shipherd read a
letter written by Frank Loomis, referring
to General Tracey and himself as counsel
for the y Honduras Company. - General
Tracey said >* that . Loomis + "may, have
thought that I was counsel, but I never
intended to creato j in ¦ Mr. Loomis* mind
the Jdea that my relation was that of
counsel." , , * - j
Big Suit Brought Against
the Honduras Syn
dicate.
/From the pawnbroker the detectives'ob
tained [ a ! good description of the .burgrlar.
He describes him as being tall, .well built
and weighing about 190 pounds.' V:; ; ; .
v ' On; the night ; that V the - desperate fellow
robbed the * Hammersmith >: residence -'on
Geary I street,*. near^Gough, ihe « was ; seen
leaving the house by, three men/ who man
aged to get a good look at him. Their de
scription - of the' burglar tallies exactly;
The lone burglar who has 'caused
spread terror in the Western Addition by
entering: houses .while* the occupants
pec cefully, slept and ¦ stealing . large Quan
tities of silverware i is , still U at liberty,
despite: the efforts of Captain of Detec
tives Seymour and -his men to entrap him.
Yesterday Detectives Dinah "and a Wren
found a lot i of costly silverware that had
b°.en stolen : by : the daring] house breaker.
It'., was .discovered in > a ' ' pawn vshop on
Stockton street, "» where- it had been sold,
lor, about ".one-third 'its: value... }, > .
of steel roads. It is a marvelous responsi
bility anJ iKiwer that is entrusted to your
lisnils. The people look to you for protection
arains-t oppression and the railroads look to
jroa for justice. No greater power has ever
i.^en given to a similar number of men. I
j.ave an affection for railroad men. for my
fatter was one. He helped to build some of.
Ti .-•* preat roaiis of the East and of Europe.
3 new up in a railroad atmosphere and rail
road talk and as a boy ruined my clothes in
running a switch engine when not at school.
I iavc the most profound respect for a great
!•-.-• motive I see it panting and trembling.
fun of life and energy. I see the soldier of
civilization, the railroad engineer, sitting in
r.ls '-ab. his eyes blinded with the dust and
v.ind. His brow is more glorious than that
of a onruiucror, his oil can more grand than
th<- Boeffter of any monarch.
Hov.- much we owe to these men of the army
«-f locomotive engineers. When we are sleep-
Ir? on train? at night, as comfortably as In
fr.r own homes, their eyes and hands are
hit p-uarding us from danger and death that
Perhaps menace us every inch of the Journey.
Th«r»- is no greater hero than the railroad
Ussrineor. He faces peril at every hour, and
v. hen he meets death he does so like the
grandest of heroes, for he gives his life for
«?r>.->rs. To the engineers is due the develop
ment of our Western country. Without them
tji*- errat railroads could not have been
bulled.
O< her speeches were made by S. Wilber
r.f South Carolina, M. H. de. Young and
Judge Lindley. president of the National
Association of Railroad Commissioners.
who thanked the hosts of the evening and
the people of San Francisco and the State
for the hearty entertainment accorded
<]-.:ring the week.
The Railroad Commissioners will leave
thlF morning for Los Angeles and will re
turn to the East via the northern route.
Are Given Great Power.
'ieyecsl IV. H. L. Barnes was asked by
ilie toasimaster to deliver a welcome to
The guests. In part General Barnes said:
It is a great privilege and pleasure to be
*»>re with you to-night. Tour hands direct the
commerce and travel of more than 200.000 miles
\ m
Ths members of ths National Associa
tion of Railroad Commissioners, who have
been !n session in this city the last few
<iays, were ter.Oiered a banquet lffst even
ing at the Palace Hotel by delegations of
tho various commercial bodies of San
Francisco.
The banquet took place in the maple
room of the hot«l and the gathering was
a representative one in every respect. The
banquet hall v.as decorated with flags and
the tables were loaded with choice flowers
and fruits. A. A. Watkins acted as toast
master, and the quests of honor were
Mayor Phelan, General TV. H. L. Barnes,
S. E. Cushing. W. A. Bissell, Dr. Good
fellow. Ashley Cole Jr., C. D. Laumeister,
H, Blackstock, "W. T. Sesncn and C. S.
Laumeister Jr.
The following named representing San
Francisco were presents
E. It. Lllienthal. WT. K. Wheeler. A. W.
Foster. C. Frollch. Irvins Moulton. Wakefield
Baker. Irving M. Scctt. K. r.. Edson, A. Bar
nard. G. W. Scott. H. T. Scott. F. W. Van
Cicken, A. Schilling. Theriias Day. Kd M.
Greenway. M. A. Gunst. P. N. Lilienthal, G.
A. JCewhalU G. W. McXoar, V. A. Ponlatow
fkl. Andrew Carrisran, A. G. Town?, A. F.
Hlnz, C. O. Swanburg, A. J. Hechtman, Lewis
Gerstle. S. "W. Marks. H. Van Bersen. G. "W.
"Walker, G. H. Wallis. II. Ottler. \V. P. Red-
Jngton. James D. Phelan, M. H. Ae Young. X.
P. Chlpman, TTheaton A. Gray, John llaynes,
H. T. Lacy. R. H. Warfield and Georgs Wlll
cutt Jr.
The banquet commenced at 7:30 p. m.,
and it was two hours Jater when Toast
master TTatkins rapped for silence and
epoke to those assembled.
Commissioners Welcomed.
Mr. "Watkins tendered a warm welcome
to the Railroad Commissioners, i and said
that San Francisco and its commercial
bodies were proud to have the visitors
¦with them. He dwelt on the importance
of the work of the Commissioners, and
read a humorous composition entitled the
"Ten Commandments for Railroad Com
missioners" that caused nearly laugtiter.
Judge Prouty of the Interstate Commerce
Commission responded to the first toast.
He said that he was not prepared to make
a speech, but that he would express his
gratitude for the generous welcome ten
dered the railroad men during their stay
in this city. The speaker lauded San
Francisco and the wealth of the State.
and declared fliat the shipping of the
•world would come to the bay of San
Francisco. Judge Prouty referred to the
proposed Atlantic-Pacific canal and. said
¦that he was doubtful if it would prove
as beneficial to this coast as was sup
j.osed.
Mayor Phelan responded for the "City
of San Francisco," and paid a tribute to
•.ho iron horse and the men who had
driven it across the continent, buildin? up
p great empire. The Mayor argued that
ihe proposed isthmian canal would be of
material benefit to the Pacific Coast and
that it would provide a quick route to the
markets of the East and Europe for the
products of this State.
General Gobel of Pennsylvania was
called upon to speak of the resources of
'ha* State, and said that he had attend
ed ihe banquet to listen and not to speak,
but that he would do his best. General
'iobel is an after-dinner orator and his
speech v.-as the caus=e of hearty applause.
Spfeakers Glowingly Predict
the Possibilities of
California.
Railroad Commissioners
Are Banqueted by
Citizens.
GATHER AROUND
FESTAL BOARD
Nine-Year-Old Wirt Allen Expires After Twenty-
Four Hours of Fearful Suffering From Burns
Received Through Carelessness of an Attendant
DEATH ENDS THE AWFUL AGONY
OF A POOR LITTLE DEAF MUTE
Philip Princevalle of Redwood City, and Miss Aida
L Johnson of Pacific Grove Will To-Day Wit
s ness Culmination of Their Romantic Attachment
CUPID LEADS INTO LIFE UNION
TWO LOVERS FROM CHILDHOOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, .JUKE 9, 1901.
W1RT ALLEN, A , I.ITTL.E DEAF
MUTE, DIES FROM HIS INJU
RIES.
T'
25
PAY WHEN CURED. I
§ -, * >s^ ::=:: ~^^ This !s Dr. fficLaugrhlin's Offer to Weak Men, Rheu- |
S - , -asr-^s^ ** matics, Dyspeptics, Men With Lame Backs, Weak Kid- J|
r jt^^^^^^^?^ neys, Lost Vitality, Vapicocele, Sciatica, Constipation, g
| W J^fS^ii^Jft) \ Wasting of Vital Strength, "Come and Go" Pains, and |
5 f fttMJS^^^J^ \ to Women With the Weaknesses Peeuliar to Their Sex. §
g f n«t^^ idffl\ • \\ Thousands of young, middle-aged and old men are suffering «
g f fmv^i&jiVw^ L& \k rom want °^ strength and vigor, induced by a .variety of causes, such S
B 'I Uvd^^^^^K^ *3 li as ast v^ n^» dissipation/ overwork, mental anxiety, brain fapr, etc., .<$
ft I j ' I who mi S nt Quickly regain full possession of mental and. physical §
I !^J f r * - McLaughlin's Electric Belt. ' 8
S \^B|iii^V oes . wonc^ er 5 in a * ew applications. It arouses all the dor- §
g VV/ mant energies, develops muscular and nerve life and restores the ££
« \s(5P^Bf^^^_ 35;~^_ ' X/ ' feeling of- youth, courage and vigor. It makes men over again. It S
3 . /^^ x . ",' ,• "makes perfect men of the puniest, weakest specimens of -*'half-men." *
g . ¦¦'¦.: Give me one of those) unfortunates with swollen and distorted joints. .Give me a man with pains in his j$
8 back, in his shoulders, hips and 'chest. 1 I-will pour, the oil: of life into his ibints, warm them up, /start the life ,g
blood circulating and remove his pains in a few days."- My Belt will cure hi ni and! fill him full of life and courage, S
indrnake him glad with the sunshine of- youth.- And^it: never burns or blisters. . • * *g
I ANY MAN OR WOMAN WHO WILL SECURE WE CAN HAVE MY APPLIANCE §
| AND PAY WHEN CURED. I ASK NO PAY IN ADVANCE. g
I it CURED THEM^AND<THEY PRAISE it, /^^i£!!SZ^-S^^^&^ijr.^
S '. ¦' "Tour.' Belt Is truly a'< wonderful: remedy — not only to cure weakness of both man and woman,' but for other Ills. The more I use v6
§ ' "It the more It Impresses me. 'I have: used 'It three months and it has cured me."— E. R. Eldredpe, 963 Twenty-fifth St.. ; Offden, Utah. • ,' : O5
H ' V "It has done good Vork for me.' I now get up feeling fresh and rested— no more tired feelings."— Wm. •H.;O f Nei], 1347/ Jessie St., *.S'
O San; Francisco. / • ;f --..¦'/ ;• -• • '. ,-. ¦. ;. ¦ \ r~ ¦ . ..",_ .'.-;.. ¦¦_, \. - . " •'¦•-.'-.'- . «*- '¦ ¦ ¦. r S
» Arevyou sick?* "Are you in pain? Are you a Weak Man?; Are you tired of doctoring and - paying out -«
8 'money for drugs without result? 'Then come to me or write to. me. I AM. .'THE ; ONLY MAN IN THE -fS-
§ WORLD WHO^HAS CONFIDENCE ENOUGH IN HIS IREMEDY TOWAIT.FOR HIS PAY UNTIL Si
¦»¦'¦."• YOU ARE' CURED. V I^khowjwhat my}Belt win do, and, as'you do not, you can^ first; and I will wait for my 'vig
ft pay until you are-cured. i.i I* have-cured 50,000 people in. the last twenty years;. and. though my Belt. can't cure every * 35
g- case,' ?I' am ; to; stand, the loss where lit -fails, v So come; and : s trv it. now. {You, have nothing to lose." $|
« rnN^TlT T AtTDN "FRFF y°^ a^ e dose enough to call, do so. Xet me show you the difference* between Jg :
8 UUi1 ° U -r? x rYL XVJl :'*: ray up-to-date appliance and old-style burning electric Jbelts.>;Let me prove to S
8 .you why. my Belt cures when they, fail. "If you will call;I-will give you a free" test to show y^ou how it cures.. •_ .; .. -«
o A T NDTTrF-I 1 ' y° u hWe a belt that burns or a "no-electricity" band which has disappointed- ? you- :§
8 ' ' FR F F RDD K y° u c;in '* V" te - for ."my, beautiful ! descriptive book showing how my Belt is used. ' and " 8
8 A f*^^"-- 1 tgiving.huridireds of letters from* grateful' people. (Office Hours: _, 9 to 8;. Sundays, 10 1 to 1.) ¦;'¦ «.
8 • TV D Jl/l V^ It/t >r I r A I i TrV H I : I JVI ~ 702 " : Wor fc et Street* Corner: Geary;' San Francisco. * jt -;j §
flJK^ IVl. W. illCJuAIJ IIITL4 1 iN^ Seattle Office, 5105 Columbia ;Xos Angeles, 129 Wa-dst 1 ;!':
I CALTHOS 1
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood.
FJVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
/ Sont AbsoSwtely Free by Sealed W!c!l To All Sufferers.
»—^~-~~*fta N ° C " 5? Di 0R DEP0SIT SCHEME "
S^^^R^^^^^ The onl y preparation known to science which really
c£": j Si £$% jf'^'%1 cares Lost Manhood is " CALTHOS," the marvelous
t^^^^K-^f^^Mm iK^i^L French remedy discovered by Prof. Jules Laborde. It is
&a?V ' "^"S^sJ fir *$3 controlled in this country by The Von Mohl Company, of
&}*&¦ V 'N?i s K Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern which occupies a high- and
g*^??- -•'"•*&£&*& A •J*r honorable place in the world of medicine. It is one of the
'$£':^ ¦* N^»/ largest and most responsible houses in Cincinnati, as
I \? anyone who is acquainted in that city will testify. ~. .
'&i : &ffi$$f The Von Mohl Company invites^ all men suffering
... . War Y\ x /I «iS» from Lost Manhood, Sperraatorrhcca.Vvaricocele, Small
T-:£-:-.*'ri.rt£y A\i II Parts or Weakness of anv nature in the Nerves or Sexual
\-f'-M$££- : j ASfP'^Z'jIiiif^ Org-ans, to send their names and receive ti. five days' treat*
\$??'i:3:J:?:f /z?toJ9 //Hi [ ment. This will prove the wonderful vitalizing powers
i ! $ ! . ! A$ti/ £$?&G9'//li\l\ of " CALTKOS." After using it five days the sufferers
JS^'^J p^'^jv//i V I w^ fi n< * ncw v »K°r in their organs, new force in their
Kcfe-'^i v^5\\ J *\\ \ muscles, new blood in their veins, new ambition, and
- i'S&i^a V-f i^ !: \Z^/ji*v[ rapid progress toward the buoyant feelings and sensa«
' < *f§^"'A rl/i*l\ A I tions of younger days. .
*vw$&fk. \8 I I l\\ This liberal free offer is genuine. Th»r^ is no 6wind«
ESfev'-T^A m \\ )t\\ ' HnffCO.D. or Deposit Scheme connected with it. The five
S*^"v>i. : ij\ \\ // \| days' treatment is sent by sealed mail to all on request,
a^Siia V. » I 11 rapped in a plain pactage, and full printed instructions
V~- ; j£$jffs3*s«LvS\ I V \ accompany the medicine, so that each patient becomes
: H#:H~f|NVW' ' 7/\\\'\ his own doctor and cures himself at home. "' * .
&£Mi%«0i \ \W It doesn't make any difference what caused the weak-
£S£p:>£$Sf taS^»<7 ness— \rhether bad habits in youth, or excess, or over-
P^vS-SvVS^ •" " lrf^\ work, or business troubles. "CALTliOS" will effect a
sJiC^SiVftV^ p?\ cure, no matter what big- name the disease may be called
¦«ifi:'£$r3&$fj J&iSV The Von Mohl Company treats all correspondence in
' J^^S-'i:]'i\^fr. #2§V\ perfect confidence. Under no conditions will it make
E^W:?v*-iifi§jra SSSi^A public the names of the thousands vrho have written tes-
S^r'^tn//f^a'»Jga3^isji\ , timonials telling- of their restoration to robust manhood
p&::}Yf}??yt*!&f /7^KBr??*3 •/ after other medicines and appliances have proved worth-
W&i;r^£*?i /6«FTl\<r i less. \"CALTMOS" is regularly used in the French and
*^ f ' : &$$3l P5wf / / German armies, and the soldiers in those countries have
W^f-^4^% 5^Wi I M come to be perfect models of strength and vitality. Cures
%t&? : %u>&X& Mi' are effected at all ages frr»ra twenty to eighty years. There
£&&?+iZ'iza LriZiZVJ fi&- : is no case (except whert 'he stage of epilepsy or Insanity
*3£&. : *!bvS& %3nw I Bffi has been reached) which i • will not radically, quickly and
,i?$:':i\3i&t%£& jSjfdr I «S%%. permanently cure. Sext si -weakness does not cure itself.
-v-g-^yt^ygya aTfc^ 1 JKJ-^Ve^ It grows worse from wee ?: to week. Each day aggravates
ti&M j \ )£Z£!$ggfc the mental and physical ai guish.
*3£r I JV ' "Send today for the fi M five days' trial treatment. If It
"* Vj£>J helps you, more of the ai.-dicine can be purchased. If it
«oes not nelp, no harm Is done end no money hw been paid ot t^ ¦ You can send vour name in
the full knowledge that it will be kept from all The '1 CAL1 W»S " department of our bu.iness
is stiicUy confidenUal. Address applications for trial trcatn^i*. etc- b^ -. .i-
T3E VON MOHL COMPANY, 277B. gnctoatt.,0.!^"uo«^u^ u 8^¦ A. new lodge of the Daughters, of St.
George was instituted in . Red Men's
Hall last week, with twenty-one char
ter members. The lodge, which Is to be
known as Empress Victoria No. 142, was
Instituted with impressive ceremonies by
Mrs. Alice E.Creba.D.D. W. G. P., as
sisted by Mrs.S. E. Johnson as grand con
ductress, and the following members of
Golden. Gate Lodge No. 78: Mesdames
Brady, Fake, Carney, Robinson, Wright
Dickinson, Nickson, A. Chubb, K. Chubb"
Corlett, Rier.,Fraser and Shinclier. - The
new officers are: Mrs.S. Atkinson. W P
P.; Mrs. P. A. Williams, W. P.; Mrs. Nel-
E. • Creba. W. R. - S. : Mrs Flshef- W C •
Mrs. Emily- Harris, W. F. O.; Mrs'
Elizabeth Harrison, '.W.= S. C: Mrs M
Coleman, W. I. G.; Mrs. M. Jewitt, W.*o"
G.; Mesdames Atkinson; Johnson and Gui*
nan, trustees. During the evening a dele
gation from Pickwick-Lodge, Sons of St
George, paid a visit to the new. lodge and
were guests at a banquet that was served
; after, the ceremony of Installation. At
thisvthere was a ere^t deal of fraternal
feeling and there were many wishes for
the success ofthe new lodge and for con
tinuous harmony among the mfimbers
The evening closed with the > sinking of
"God Save the King." There were .pre
sented, to the lodge a. Bible by. Mrs. S E
Johnson, gavels . and blocks . by Mrs H
Atkinson, , ballot box by . Mrs. I R. Fisher'
handsome badges bj| Mrs. P. A. vVilliamg
and Mrs: Stickney. a framed portrait' of
the late Queen .Victoria, stationarv. by
Mrs.7 E. Will and Mrs. >¦ Elizabeth -Harri
son; and a second Bible by Mrs. M. Cole
man.*'The district deputy was* ccunpl -
mented f or the , correct manner in ' which
ehe ' conducted '- the ", ceremonies acd in
otnicted tht^memberg.; 1 , j ; . ;¦ " -
Daughters of St. George.
Last week there was given In the.Pal
ace a banquet to the representatives of
the Pythian press by the directors of
the Pythian Chronicle of this city. The
guests were: • E. O. McCormlck, F.- W.
Dohrmann, William D. Kennedy of the
Tribune of Chicago, 111.; S. Lewin
of "the Pythian Knight of Rochester, N.
Y.; H. H. Curtis of the Michigan Knight
hood of Charlotte, Mich.; C. O. Rbemex
of the True Pythian, Wheeling, W. Va.;
Carl F. Kuehnle of the Sprig of Myrtle,
Minneapolis, and Mrs. M; Josie Nelson of
the Guest, Union City, Ind. The others
present were Charles L. Patton. H. R
Arndt, W. C. Graves, T. J. Crowley and
George Samuels, P. G. C.'s; B. V. Sargent,
G. P.; S. G. Little, G. M. of E.; H. Schaff
ne S # £' If; °^ R ' and S - G - 8 - Backmann
and C. W. Nevin. C. L. Patton was the
toastmaster and the toasts were* "Wel
come," H. R. Arndt;- editor of the Pythian
Chronicle; responses by the .'editor of the
Pythian Tribune; "1902," E. O. McCormick
and then there were heart-to-heart talks
by all the others, and all had an enjoyable
time. . ¦ ' ¦ •' •...-.
Recorder Huber of Section 70 of the En
dowment Rank has a list of signatures to
a petition to obtain permission to reor-'
ganize a company of the Uniform Rank.
He wants more signatures.
Section No. 70, E. R., at a special meet
ing, last week, considered matters affect
ing the membership of *- the rank which
may be acted upon at a session of the Su
preme Lodge, which Is to meet in Chicago
in a few , weeks. • ' ¦ > * ,
California Lodge has elected the follow
ing named as its officers for the ensuing
term: .E. M. Eisf elder, C. C; C. C. Crow
ley, _V- C; L. P. Millman, P.; Warren Y.
Dean, M. of-W.: Frank A. Brooks, K. of
R. and S.; J. Huber, M. of F.; Henry
Beaver, M. of E.; A. O. Davis, M. at A.;
M. Schumacher, , G.; and A. E. Lucas,
trustee. These officers will be Installed at
an -open session, when there will be a
grand reunion of members. This lodge
will during the coming. term extend the
social feature of the lodge.
California Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias conferred the knight rank on two
esquires at its last held meeting. It now
has four candidates on the waiting list. !
Xnights , of Pythias.
3 Crossley, Alameda : Mrs. E. LaMar, Ore
gon, J. C. Mosley, .San 'Jose; Jerry
i Ginocho, Omaha; Eugene McPeak, Los
r Angeles; G.E.Keller,: Nevada. ; '- , '
, . ¦ CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— The fol
1 lowing guests registered at California 'Hot
Springs during the past > week: ' Mr. and
Mrs. James F. Forster. 'Lewis Banicks,
Arthur Banicks, F. H., Abbott, Frank
\ Abbott, J. W. Haum., Mrs. J. P. Hearne,
: Miss Hearne, Mrs W\ W.Erskine and
J family,' Miss Pauli, ! M." Rehfisch,- Mr. and
. Mrg. W. Heger and son, Paul T. Goodloe»
* Mrs. John Hoey, Charles Hoey, E. G. Os
born, J. Alex Yoell, Mrs. "Louis Meyer,
I Edward B. Richards, Mrs. Randolph, W. J.
; Andrews. W. W. Pierce, Miss Vinnie Mor
ris, H. Rohodp, Mr. and Mrs. M. M. Low
• enthal, Mr. and Mrs. M. Lavaunal, Miss
" T. Lowenthal, Professor ¦ G. rLowenthal,
1 Mr. and: Mrs. T. L. Grane. Mrs. G. W.
h Wilhes, Mrs.H.J. Custaz, Elmer Curtaz,
L Ruth Curtaz, San Francisco; Mrs. A. U. S.
Ltndsley, Nashville, Tenn.^ Mr. and Mrs.
I F. M. Tenney, Juneau, Alaska. •..
¦ .MARK" WEST SPRINGS— Following is
the list of arrivals at Mark West Springs
for last week: Miss Adele Le Bert, John
Kenny, Charles L. Giller, Mrs. ' Chabot
and party, Mrs. Mauser, W. S. Garwood
and wife, Joseph H. Ro.che, Abe S. Levy,
Jay T. Nash. G. Laughlin. Miss Lucy
Gless, Miss Elise Gless, Miss Leonie
Gless. Mrs.- A. Gless, M. H. Dewar, James
M. Kelton, Miss Harriet Seymour, Miss
L. Ketle, Percy P. J. Hutchins, Barry
Dunn, C. L. Bowman, James O. Malley,
L. J. Kilgore, L. Weiner, D. Hammil, C.
J. Wright.
HOITT-S— The following- registered at
Hoitt's, Menlo Park, San Mateo County,
last week: Mr. and Mrs. George T. Klink,
the Misses Klink, Mrs. , M. R. Britton.v
Miss Olita Whittier, Mr. and Mrs. Ralph
H. Hoitt. R. J. H. McNee, Mrs. de la |
Cruz Misippo, Henry de la Cruz. Mrs. H.
B. Steele, Arthur SteeLe, San Francisco;
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Goodwin, Master
Goodwin, Mrs. J. P. Goodwin, James W.
Hanson Jr., Alameda; Professor H. G.
Harsh, Nashville, 111.; Professor W. W.
Kemp, Palo Alto; William Haas.-A.'Rias,
A. Rivero, Mazatlan, Mexico; William K.
Reed, Auburn;. Alec G. Sulley, i\ogales,
Ariz. t
EL MONTE HOTEL— Late arrivals at
the Hotel E! Monte include: E. D. Ka
lisher, Mrs. H. H. Lee, A. E. Grogan, J.
Bohanan and wife, Miss Laura R. Bo
hanan, Mrs. G. E. Sussdorff and son, S.
A. Engwell and wife, L. Osborn.wife and
family; E. H. Busford, . A. C Chees
brough, J. W. Classen, Judge Graham and
wife, Miss Ethel Graham, Miss Irene
Glovei , Mrs. W. C. Hanley, Miss Esteil
Tot, J. Shustley and wife, San Francisco;
H. E. Block and wife, R. Parks, Mrs. H.
R. Clayton, Miss Merle Clayton, J. W.
Shuler, G. W. Fish<», San J ose;
R. Luscombe and .¦¦ wife, Oakland;
E. Powers, Coronado; C. H. Diebold,
Cleveland, Ohio; J. W. Pollock, Manila;
J. F. Lillle, Del Monte; C. E. Sullivan,
A. W. Johnson and wife, Santa Cruz.
HOTEL GENEVA— The following were
the arrivals at the Hotel Geneva during
the week ending June 7: Miss Helen
Prager, Paul Freygang, Miss Eunice
Holmes, G. D. Lacy, Mr. and Mrs. F. P.
Smith. Mrs. A. E. Luhrs, Mrs. C. Luhrs
Cutting, W. F. Norcross, Miss Webb
Thompson, Mrs.' L. Hoffman,, Miss Hoff
man, D. E. Williamson, Donald Graham,
Miss S. Bronson, F. D. Bates, Charles E.
Stokes, Aug J. Lang, Miss Mae Peter
son, Miss Marie Griffin, J. W- Waters
and wife. Dr. C W. Richards, A. B.
Spencer, William A. Bates, Miss Clarice
Mathein, Charles M. Thall. E. A. Casey,
P. Moos and wife, J. R. Duncan, W. B.
Duncan, Ralph Somers, . Miss Mae Som
ers, Miss Ruth Mallon, Harry J. McCar
thy, Miss Sadie McCarthy, San Francisco;
Dr. J. F. Wahlberg, J. D. Brooks and
wife, F. Smith; Los Angeles. . ' \
JOHANNISBERG— Following is a list of
guests who recently registered at Johan
nisberg: William Blester, Miss D. Wais
hauer, Mr. and Mrs. E. Bonnheim, Misses
Edith and Elsie Bonnheim, Master Wal
ter Bonnheim, Miss Cora Wyckoff, Mr.
and Mrs. A. D. D'Ancona, Miss Florence
Sarah D'Ancona, Miss Gladys Gilhooley,
Mrs. David Hirschler, Master Horace
Hirschler, Carolyn Hirschler and maid,
Miss Ida Precht, San Francisco.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing list of people have .registered at" Pa
.raiso during the .past: week: ' A. Gillllahd,
C:^J.^Flood:'and fV Bmld^F.- J ; An
drews and wife, Thomas . McMahon,
Franklin' Holmes. John 'Worthington and
wife, Willson Hommel, Sam Neustadter,
Henry Davis and wife. Miss Mary Davis,
George St. Clair and wife, San Francisco;
J.-H-. -Miller and wife, San Jose; M. S.
Lopes, Watsonville; F.- W. Schroeder, Sa-
I lir.as; S. N. Laughlin, Moss Landing; O.
'C Reeve, Berkeley; T. J. Jordan, Sole
dad; C, K. Melander and wife, R. R. Al-
fenecker, San Francisco.
len,-,J. N.Besse, King City; Miss Muriel
Katzenstein,* Spokane; Baron von Schon
stein, Schleswig;- Mrs: J. '::W. Harrison,
Sausalito; Rev. V.Closa, San Juan; Frank
L- Dent, Chicago; George Dozier, Los An
geles. r 1 ;-.."; :'¦¦¦', : "'~ ;¦•• T : ": ' ¦••'- : ' : -,"..:-.
. 'CAMP MEEKER— Registered at Camp
Meeker are: Mr. and Mrs. B. - Steinberger,
Dr. . Mary H.Kenney, Mrs. M.-J.^ Mc-
Dowell," Sadie E.' McDowell, Pauline Stor
er/ Mr. and Mrd.-E. S. Leonard and fam
ily. Mrs: P. J.- Tallman, Mrs E. M. Long
and family, Oakland; L. G. Wallace, Hon
olulu; Julius* Wittich, Mrs: . J.- W. .Dickie,
Misses Jane and Anna Dickie, ¦ William H.
'Murray, Mrs. Ralphe and ¦ family, J-;/ •
Hardin, Dr. and Mrs. -A. H. Mories, Mr.
and -Mrs., F. H. Hahn, George D. Cham
berlin, Miss L. Chamberlin, Alameda;
Mrs. Charles Moss and family, Berkeley;
Mrs. G..- Bunn, .Mrs. W. N. Anderson,
Robert M. Jones. San Rafael; Miss Alice
Noonan, Santa Rosa; Miss Ritta Pierini.
H. Clay Davis, Sebastopol; Miss M. / L.
Slocum, Boston; Dr. Julia F. Button, Sac-,
ramento; L. G. Wallace, Honolulu; Mrs.
J. K. Parker and family, Mrs. F.C. Fet
ter and daughter. Miss -Fetter, B. Ber
nard,. Mr. and. Mrs. G. N. Bernard, Miss
Anna, Harrison, ;Mrs. H. E. Robinson,
Mrs. M. E. Sargant,"'Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam E. Shepman, David Adamson, Mr.
and Mrs. F. B. Sadler, T)r. F. C. Keck,
Mrs. N. Parrish, Mrs. E. J. Root, Miss
Enid Root. Mr. and Mrs.': John Oswald,
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Maxwell. Mrs.; Rob
inson and family. Dr. Amy Bowen, Miss
Agnes Stowell, Charles J. Hittel, George
Gunn: -Richard H. Hunt, Frank Eckemoth
Jr., Mr. 'and Mrs. J. E. Locke, E.G.
Gregory, Mrs. J. H. Crow and son, Isabel
G. Dunne; Mae L. Dunne, Mrs. Charles
W. Taber, Miss F. G. Canney, Mrs. James
JR. Wren, Miss Jeanette Boardman.- Mr.
and Mrs. William Tourtelotte. Mrs.^J. H.
Boardman, Miss Estelle Boardman, Miss
Alice Boardman, O. C. Zinns, Thomas A.
Lawson, Mrs. ¦ T. Allen and daughter,
Mrs. S. Hult, J. A. Hult. Mrs. Mary Sad
ler, Mrs. J. O. Crosscup, Miss E. M.
Burns, Mrs. A. E. Gleason, Mr. and Mrs,
William Rigby Jr. and family. N. J. Lans
ing and family, Mrs. I. C. Mason, Miss E.
J. Mason. Mrs. M. E. Stecker, Mrs. Ella
Corbett.'Fred W. Corbett, Mrs. Irene L.
Cox, Mrs. M. V. Le Long, Mrs. J. Stein
berger and family, Mr. and Mrs. Gunzen
dorfer and family. J. M. Jones, E. Fel
ton, Mrs. .Emile Bauer, Miss Jennie
White, Miss M. Gibb, Mrs. L. Chase, Mrs.
Owens, Miss Malvina Packscher, Mr.' and
Mrs. L. . J.'-Mattson, Miss Evelyn O'Con
nor, George I. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. F.
L. Wooster ', and daughter. Emil ' Grae-
SOCIETY'S SUMMER OUTING
.. y -^ i^/KE elaborate luncheon given
by Mrs. Martin in honor of
n 1 Miss Mary Scott was %he only
[V I social feature of the past
\^"«-i-y week. .Many of Mrs. Martin's
' guests came from country
homes to attend the function.
Miss Ida May Roberts will give a tea
tn-niorrcm- afternoon from 3 till <5 o'clock
at her residence, 1S29 Eliis street. The
following ladies will assist irf receiving:
Mrs. Thomas H. Brown, Mrs. J. George
Lf?ibold. Mrc. John H. Wood, Miss Belle
Siurdivant. Miss Kathryn Murray, Miss
Mae Burnham, Miss Alma Harder, Miss
Worden, Miss Katherine Ball, Miss Eu
genie Moraghan and Miss Mabel Gunn.
A progressive whist party was given
Friday evening, June 7. by Miss Alice
Gardner at her home, 211' Ashbury street, i
Among those present were: Miss Flor
ence Morgan, M. Wiiner, Miss Rose Gil
more, Dr. M. A. Preston, Miss Edna
Winchell, J. Morgan, Miss Emma Gili
nas, H. Miller, Miss Anelia Collison, Mr.
Hammersmith, Miss Bertha Gardner, Mr.
Farinum, Miss Alice Gardner, H. Robert
son. Mrs. C. F. Gardner, C. F. Gardner.
The first prize was carried off by L. Ham
mersmith and the second by Henry Miller.
Master Hugo Hart, only son of Mr. and
Mrs. David Hart of this city, was con
lirmed yesterday morning at the eyna
tcgue of Congregation Beth Israel, Geary
Ktteet, between Octavia and Laguna.
Alter the ceremony a number of relatives
and friers of Mr. and Mrs. Hart as
sembled at their resiaence ana congratu
lated Master Mart, who was the recipient
oi numerous sins.
On May 30 me Phi Delta Phi Club gave
a. bus ride to the Willows, Crystal
fcprings. In the evening the party re
turned to the city and attended a dinner
f.t a downtown restaurant, where the
evening was- spent in merry-making. The
party was chaperoned by Mrs. Hail, and
those who atteuued were: V-vaiter J. Ben
nett, William JStettin. Ferdinand C
htnultz, J. Watson Weob, Herman Stet
tm, William Wankowski Jr., Frank C.
Chalmers, Bert Conrad, William LheKson,
Joseph Covert, Miss Anita Ferchenansen,
Miss Alice Rene, Miss Lottie Stevens,
Mrs. Amy Peoples, Miss Bertha Alzrock,
Miss May Foley, Miss Maud Foley, Miss
Haz-:1 Myers, iiiss Selena Kobinson, Miss*
Nora Mi era.
The cxass of '01 of Cogswell's Polytech
nical College gave its graduation dance
on Monday evening. June 3, at Cotillon
Hali. The committee in charge consisted
of Mattie Woipman, Mabel Theler, Aileen
McCarthy. Ida Wightman, Kate Dunker,
\ cror.ica Miller, Ray Reynolds, May
Smith, Hazel Gilbert. Annie Atthon and
Chester Stanler.
The Country Club met June 14 at the
home of Mrs. C. t\ Homer. Centerville,
with a large attendance. Members of the
club furnished the music for the day
.Mrs. Johnson of the Ebeil. who has kmd
.y addressed the club on two occasions,
was again present and continued her dem
onstrations on parliamentary law. The
Country Club adjourns durinz the sum
mer months and will reopen in September
The twenty-second annual picnic given
by the San Francisco Frauen Verein will
be held at Plittsville Park, Fruit vale, on
feunday, June 23.
Miss BeJle Monasch, daughter of Mr
and Mrs. H. Monasch. and Abra.ham L.
Freedman will be married this evening at
5 o'clock at Native Sons' Hall.
Mrs. M. Bowen and Miss Minnie S. Bow
en have gone to San Jose on a visit to rel
atives.- . ¦
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Crux are resid
, ing at IG13 Larkin street.
Mrs. Henry Finnegass has removed from
809 \ an Ness avenue to 1429 Van Ness ave
nue and has discontinued her day at home
for the summer season.
Miss Carrie L. Welisch has gone to Los
Angeles on a visit.
Mrs. Arthur Bridge and her sister, Miss
Edith Smith, have left for the East. Mrs
Bridge will pursue her musical studies
under Dr. Hugh Martin of New, York ex
ponent of the Holbrook Curtis methods of
George E Olsen. of the well-known
Crm of Halloran & Olsen, Chronicle build
lng. has left for London to close a min-
¦¦ * ¦ ¦ - ¦ *
; ing deal. On his return he will visit the
• Buffalo Exposition. '....•¦ i
Mrs. F. Stewart of Los Angeles is on a
. visit to this city and is at the home of her
• brother, 1525 Steinpr street. ¦ :
1 Mr. and Mrs. Edward Mills have 1 taken
' up their at 2S61 Washington
. street. ,, ....
t 1 Mr. and Mrs. Stephen Troy of San.Ra
. fael have left for the Buffalo Exposition.
; They will visit relatives while in. the East.'
Mr. and Mrs. Williams and son of 73
: Cumberland street have left for the Buf
i falo Exposition. They will visit relatives
i while In the East.
; Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Phillip have gone to
. their home, in Trinity County. They leave
1 shortly for the East.
Mrs. J. Getz, accompanied by her son,
Moses J. Getz, left last" Thursday for Har
bin Springs and pthcr points of interest in
. Lake Count;-. ¦ - . '.
Miss Ethel- Nourse of 1509 Larkin street
has moved to 314 Van Nc^s avenue, be
tween Grove and Fulton streets.
Mr. and Mrs. G. F. Carry, Mrs. J. F.
Kodgkins and George Bole are enjoy
ing their summer ' vacation at Boheme
Villa, Marin County. . ' . • -
Mrs. M. Skelly and * daughters, Mrs.
George Spencer Ames of Tacoma, Wash.,]
and Mrs. S. R. Crooks of Santa Rosa,'
were guests at Highland Springs last
week. Mr. and Mrs.. Ames will spend the
summer in Lake County.
At the Resorts.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— The past week
at Highland Springs has been very gay
with the many riding parties, tennis, golf
and tenpin games. There are some eight
or ten ladies and gentlemen out on their
horses every forenoon. Horseback riding
seems to be coining in again, and with
the excellent roads and bridle paths about
the mountains near Highlands it is a very
enjoyable pastime. The ladies are mak
ing- great scores at bowling, Mrs. Thomas
Ashworth making: a score of 229 and Mrs.
Warner one of 19 j. Mrs. W. S.. Moflatt
j and two daughters, Miss Moffatt and
! Miss Mary Moffatt, and son, George H.
Moffatt, are here for several weeks' stay.
John A. Whelan and his three charming
daughters are here for several weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. George D. Stephens and
two daughters are here from Madison for
a two weeks' visit. Miss Emily R. Nicoll
of New York City and her friend. Mrs.
A. G. Beyer of Los Angeles, are visiting
Highlands. Mrs. E. M. Chabot of Vil
lareine. St. Helena, with a party of five,
is touring the county in her private con
veyance. William Lange. the popular
San Francisco member of the Chicago
baseball team, was here for a short time.
On Thursday a large party of guests took
the four-horse stages and spent a very
enjoyable day at Soda Bay.
HOTEL METROPOLE— Among the late
arrivals at. the Metropole, Catalina Isl
and, are: C. B. Luff and wife, J. Coagh
lan, W. B. Hirst, F. A. Marriott, Ralston
White, Colonel R. A. Eddy and wife, R.
O. Jaeherman, Thomas A. Cox and wife,
A. M. Lovelace, Ace Glasscock, J. J.
Wannemacher and Frank P. Peterson. '
GILROY HOT SPRINGS-Following are
the recent arrivals who registered last
week at Gilroy Hot Springs: A. S. i'eter
son, Mrs. C. Madsen, Earl.D. Sturges," G.
Dupuy, M. Touhey, C. E. Holland, Arthur
D. Hine. William E. Meadows, Henry
Timmerman, Arthur Leigh, John Nisby,
C. Lahanier,, Georgie 'McHenry, Emile
Lacosta, San* Francisco; Miss Wakefleld,
Rev. Dr. J. B. Wakefield. T. J. Lee, San
Jose; E. Foster, B. R. Archer, Mission
San Jose; B. F. Craigie Jr., Thomas Row
ley, J. F. Dowe, H. S. Hall. J. R. King.
San Jose; Mrs. A. F. Nist, Santa Clara;
Charles Slaysm&n, Corralos;' Colonel J.
Stewart, U. S. A., Miss Alice Stewart,
Miss M. Moore, R.. E. Johnston, B. F.
Morris, Berkeley; Fred B. McComas,
George T. Dunlap, G. E. Rea, S. M. Kil
patrick, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Hecker,
Charlie Demange, Master Clinton Ben
nett, Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Bennett, Mas
ter Elmo Bennett. J. B. Owens, O. T.
Moore, W. B. Cameron, H. S. Tucker, A.
S. Figone, W. T. Scott, S. Wright, Gilroy;
Hon. Thomas Snodgrass, F. R. Feliz.
Mrs. J. Wilson, Miss H. T. Walker, B. F.
Carter, -Watsonville.
SARATOGA SPRINGS— The following is
a list of arrivals at Saratoga Springs the
past week: Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Meyers.
Mrs. Foge, C. S. Curtis. Rudolf Kach.San
Francisco:. A. H. Spur . and wife. Lake
port; A. Borstel, A. Struive, San Fran
cisco; Harry P. Sieins, Joe Taylor, Oak
land; E. Niles and wife, Talmage; H.
Marks and wife, Abe Marks, A. Penning
ton, Joe Ames, Guy Maron, Gadelia Hill, -
Ukiah; Jack McCormack, Withers; John <
Sohl, San Francisco; Miss Nellie Owsley, .
Ukiah; Mr. W. Miller and wife, Sacra- ]
mento; Mrs. Jordan, Miss Nellie Jordan 1
Miss Josie Jordan, Miss Rosie Jordan, ¦<
Berkeley;' Frank Whlted, Ohio; Oscar •<
The National Union.
The National Union Social and Literary
Club has arranged for another of its pop
ular entertainments on next Wednesday
evening. J. E. Field will be the chairman
of the evening and the following pro
gramme will be carried out, after which
there will be dancing:
Selections, 8 to 8:20. by Slchel's Orches
tra — fa) march, "Idol's Eye" (Herbert) (b)
selection, "Wang" (Morse); barytone solo,
Malcom.A. Fraser; club swinging 1 , Marie
Hockenbrock; soprano solo— (a) "A Sum
mer Night" (Whitney Coombs), (b)
"Meine Liebe ist grun" (Brehms), Marion
Hardon; xylophone solo, J. Casad; mono
logue, "Making a Scene," Mrs. Bell P.
Ockenden; solo, Master Arthur W. Parent,
boy barytone; "The Nightingale Polka"
(Mollenhauer), Carroll the Whistler;
comic duet. "Master and Pupil," Miss
Lottie Calsing an* Harry Niemann.
Last Tuesday night California Council
had a pleasant meeting and elected Jo
seph A. Wilson to fill the unexplred term
of speaker, vice Gilbert, who resigned.
After the meeting there was a good pro
gramme of music and song and a logical
address by Past President of the Senate
Fairman, who is visiting the State. After
the 1st of July the council will meet week
ly in the Pioneer building.
Knights of the Maccabees.
On the night of the last day in May San
Francisco Tent of the Knights of the
Maccabees had a social in their hall,
when an Interesting programme was pre
sented for ..the benefit of the many "mem
bers who were present. There were vocal
selections, athletic performances and re
freshments. After the meeting the Sir
Knights called on Fraternal Hive of the
Ladl3s of the Maccabees and spent an en
joyable hour in their company. Sir Knight
Greenberg, the special organizer, prom
ises a candidate for each meeting for the
next six months. V •
Independent Foresters.
The courts of the Independent Order of
Foresters of Contra Costa County held a
union picnic near Brentwood on the 24th
of May. There were more than 1500 per
sons present, who were addressed by C.
S. Cooper, H. V. C. R. of California, and
J. S. Duckworth, D. S. C. R., on the sub
ject of Independent Foresters' work and
the courts of, the order. Tiie addresses of
the speakers were listened to with much
attention and were productive ¦ of much
good to the order in that section of the
territory. . ¦
Court Diana at Its session last week
received two applications for mem
bership. It has now several applications
that have been favorably passed upon
and the applicants will be initiated at an
early day. This court is making arrange
ments to give a ladies' night in the early
part of August h .. , ' -
Fraternal Eagles.
At the session of Golden Gate Aerie of
the Fraternal Order of Eagles last. week
there were presented to that organization
four large eagles, three of the white bald
heau species that were shot in Alaska by
Mead W. Nicholson, the donor. The other
was presented by J. P. Gibson. These birds
have been prepared by a taxidermist- and
they will be placed in the meeting place.
The membership of this aerie has grown
to'such an extent of late that it has been
decided to secure a large hall in the Al
cazar building, which will be ready for
occupancy in about two weeks. Twelve
strangers were elected and they will be
initiated at the next meeting.
Ladies' Matinee.
To-morrow (Monday) there will be on
sale 2000 pairs of ladies', boys' and child
ren's shoes that are worth 13 00 a pair
for 75 cents a pair. None will be reserved,
all must and. will be sold at the factory
shoe sale of the Portland, 717 Market
street, near Third. • . .¦ V •¦ ¦* *¦-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 9, 1901.
26
¦ . . Monday,
Run Up and Back on Sunday,
Camp Reverie, on the Guernevllle Branch of
the California Northwestern Railway, Is prac-
tically a hotel under canvas. Accommodations
—tent' and board— by the day or by, the week.
There will be addresses by distinguished people
In the > mornings, and specially arranged enter-
tainments— musical, literary,' etc.— for the even-
ings.
On a New Plan,
An Outing
"In All California
No Place Like This."
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS,
NOWOPEN.
IN THE
MPREVERIE,
Napa County,
Gal.-
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
8tt Hours'- Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.*'
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort. ..- ¦ :
The Sportsman's Paradise. '
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. • Golf and Tennis Tournaments. •
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.. .. -
i For i full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to ¦• • > -- • v
. .- > • ej. c. PECK. Agent
, r • 10, Montgomery st*, San Frandscou
1 • - Or BANNING CO..
. • i-tU South fiorinir st..' Los. Angeles. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
- 1 staging;, waters noted- for
medicinal virtues: best natural bath in State:
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express ; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon Ftages; round
trip from S. F. only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or S:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
fix years.' Further information at Traveler of-
OcC; ?0 Montgomery st., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs. Cal. ¦ -
t\ W ti /"I /"I ft HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
\m BltltS Co '' onl y *H hours from
U/inUUU San Francisco; but 9 miles
Por the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. . Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by, the medical profession. At
all druggists.
i n He^ X n ie u} a ? d *>e«t climate, prettiest place
In all California; lots amusement; fine walks-
all •• mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 ner
waek. Open May 15. Circulars at city office:
913 Lai kin St.. S. F. DRURY, & , KROEGER.
.BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSfeMITE STAGE
.CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumna
Big Tree Grove., Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. . Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Toeemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.'
Gen'l Agent. 620 Market at., opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F. : tel. Black «S71.
YOSEMITfi VALLEY,
-Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9 a. m. and 2:4$ p. in- daily.. For rates and
Illustrated ' pamphlets - address P. ROBERT-
SON, Prop.. , I
HOT SPRINGS.
GILROY
"^~"™™™ ll ~ THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
"*"" m . •¦ School will be open to summer
MENLO R«ests during June and July.
_.„„ Buperlor climate, ' excellent
PARK. . table; .reasonable prices. Ad-
' dress . IRA G. HOITT.
SAUSALITO. Only 80 minutes from the city;
most beautiful location and marine view: .an
unexcelled ¦ summer and winter resort; table
and service of the best. . .
; . • W. G. GRAHAM.
Late of Hotel Mateo. Manager.
AND COTTAGES.
HOTEL GENEVA,
ORCHARD SPRINGS £r*^.
la the FixrUilt of ths SIotts Nrrtds Mountoinj, ne»r Cotfu, on
C. P. R. R,, 13S mil«i from Ska FrmacUco. Mo itagisg . PUia,
quiet retreat; flneit Kenery , mltr, mosntiln air. fruit and d!m»t«
ta Califomim. Idol forut. cronndt «nd •¦rrnondbun. tS a wwk.
Send far booklet. . ORCHARD SPRINGS, Col&z, Cal.
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACB IN • LAKH
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, 'livery, new . walks
and boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
N AN. .Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates, $2 and $2 60 per day; $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St., or
address " EDSON BROS., Beswlck. Slsklyou
County, Cal. " . •. - ' . . • ¦ .
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
fiyrai0o$fpjri&3
Three trains dally; 2M hours' ride. A.
. ¦¦' .-'Bettens, Mgr., Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
\ . Lombard & Co., S6 Geary street. City.
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting
Boats, fishing tackle and saddle horses at mod-
erate hire; $2 per day, or J10, $13 and $14 per
week. ..Postofflce, telephone. A. L. - FROST
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, Cal. ¦ ¦ .
RUBICON PARK,
Greatly improved. New cottages, largo hall
pianos, billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr
Point Arena. $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.' 34
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sanaome at
or of.DR. W. A. McCORNACK,Foint Arenal
Cal. * : " ¦
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS
OWN A HOME'V/rA^CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, $30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp; board and
lodging $6 :• take Sausalito ferry, $3 round trip.
Address M.^C.- MEEKER, or H..M. GREGSON,
Camp MeeVer, . Sonoma County. '
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleas-
ure, fishing, hunting, and • swimming- rood
table: guests at home; never fall to come back
again ; send for souvenir. VIC '. PONCELKT
Llagas. . :
MOUNTAIN HOME.
J. H. HA ESTERS. Gl<»nwood. Cal.
SANTA«CRUZ MOUNTAlNS-FIRST-CLAflS
family resort; main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-diatance telephone; camp-
era' . return tickets, $3 50; open th» year round.
Send for circulars. .¦.-.- rs -.-.-¦• V - •,.. . ;.-...-,¦
FARM,
SUMMER HOME
YOSEMiTEU
mso.oo
Or less will 'cover all expenses of a 10 davs'
trip to^Tosemlte. Curry's Office, 630 Market
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON, IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
, nlcs . or campers. ' Further information ad-
dress J. B. BARNARD.: Prop.; Niles, Cal.
Vsft TOC ALOW A. *tt™
Bertrand Hotel; first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish*
Ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND, or Bulletin In-
formation Bureau, 233 Kearny . St., " S. F.
YOSEMITBt I
Makes Jt possible for you to spend a week or .
month in Tosemlte without exhausting all your
CAMP CURftr
¦JOHANNISBERG.
First-class family resort In the Xaja red-
woods. Exhilarating air, hunting.' fishing
swlmmine and boatlne. Terms reasonable in-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBTIRO JR.. Prop.
Oakville. ' Napa Co.. or The Traveler's Bureau
JO Montgomery st - - ¦ . *
WHITE .SULPHUR SPRINGS.
1% hours*. ride from S. F. : S miles from Val-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
«rla, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
«nd bathing. Dancing Pavilion. JS to $10 a week
Special rates families. M.MADRID. Vallejo.Caf
THE GEYSERS, ftj"--
OSE OF NATURE'S WONDER3. NATTT-
ral steam baths: swimming, fishing, nunt-
lntr and llv#ry. "Writ* for - pamphlet. . L;
WERTHEIMER, manager. - m
EL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort: climate unsur-
passed: great relief for people with asthma; 65
miles from S. F. ; fare $1 65; free 'bus. Partlcu*
lars at Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st.. oil
of JOHN NEVILL. Proprietor. Los Gatos. '
5 miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: short • distance from Geysers r
aally mall; $T ner week. Further particulars
address O. H. BLACK. Oeyservllle. Sonoma Co.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal.. it miles by
stage west of "Williams; far* $1 Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature 148
fleg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
ekln ftlseases. neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging.
Including bath*. |10 a week. .WM. OELGEAKT
Proprietor. ¦ ¦ . .
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Hot Springs, bat not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Caliente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 48 miles via C. N. Ry.
or S. P. R. R, Immense swimming tank-
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try it. Round
trip, $1 10. Telephone, expensive Improvements -
tlJ and. rt4. COOPER ft SHEDDEN, Agua
Caliente, Cal. ¦, ,
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
To all persons desiring a beautiful place for
camping would say that "Wardland Is situated
In Sonoma County, in the heart of the Giant
Redwoods. Camping grounds are absolutely
free and only five minutes 'walk from tha
depot. The climate is tquabTe and free from
cold winds. An abundance of pure water, fish-
ing and hunting. Provisions easily secured
near camp grounds. Take North Pacific Coast
Railway to Freestone. Cal. Good accommoda-
tions assured. Family campers cannot do bet-
ter. For further * particulars address X. T-
"WARD. Freestone, Oil.
ANNOUNCEMENT !
DR."C. C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN-
ths bast camping, picnic and pleasure r»-
eort on tta* Coast. Tn« greatest remedy for
long disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and ' catarrh In tn« world; 44
mflea from 8. F. The 8. P. R R. and 3. y«
* N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers a
SO cottagts and tents furnished: rent cheap 3
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and battainr free. Inquire of DR.
C. C OTHDNNELL. office 1021% Market, bet,
«th and 7th. S. F. If you want yonr health*
pleasure and longevity this la the place to go.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* Staging
7° t E e ,d5S tle "?' »»e*lU»l«*t."EBOBt restful plac«
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— ho. It?. ItC
IIS and 118 per week. Call on LEB D. CRAJO.
n« Montgomery St.. and ¦«• photographs ot
botel and ¦nrrovndlnga. W» tak» pleasure la
writing full . particulars. Address CRAIQ *
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached . over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street, Saa
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
Central California
Vendbme
This Is a little book jU3t Issued by* the Cali-
fornia Northwestern Railway Company, and Is
profusely illustrated. It j gives camping loca-
tions, hotels and mineral spring resorts In
Marin. Sonoma. Mendoclno and Lake counties.
Besides. It contains a list of about 200 farms
and homes where board during the summer
months can be procured at from to to $10 per
week. Ticket offices, 650 Market street (Chron-
icle building) and Tlburon Ferry. General of-
fice, Mutual Life building. Sansome and Cali-
fornia streets, San Francisco. R. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent. H. C- WHITING.
General Manager.
"VACATION 1901"
If you want to
know where to)
go this Summer
Call or write for
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
A MID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
BTRATTON. 8 Eighth stK.CUy. PP - T *°-
WHITE SULPHUR, SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. . Board and room
XI a week: camping privileges, $1 50 per week!
Addreaa W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
HOTEL BENVENUE
On, the shore of Clear Lake: hom« cooklnr*
17 »er week and upwards. F.- and a m"
BCALES. Lakeport. Lake County.* Cal. ,
IT IB NEVER TOO LATE TO ENTftT r"rw->T^
HEALTH AND-PLEASTOEATTHECOCT
SARATOGA SPRINGS:
S. MARTENS. Prop.| Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.
Outing Suits In Homespun or Golfings; Jack-
ets silk lined, made to order only. ¦ Special for
the next 30 days. :..... .....;.......•.... . ..$24.50
LESTER, j Ladles' ; Tailor, 8 and 10 Kearny st.
VACATION DAYS.
Various amusements. Large and small game.
Table and beds unsurpassed, i Rates only $8 and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery *t or address O. W.
R. TREDWAY. Prop.. Glenbrook.- Lake Co., Cal.
GLENBROOK.
in tne redwoods,! 5 miles from Santa Cm*-
punning water, swimming. croquetT^buBdan^;
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for ltTOlf
For particular.. TTJLET ft ILTT^? Santa Crtl*
¦The only place In ' the United States where
Vichy 'Water Is ¦ abundant. :> The only natural
Electric • Waters : ¦ Champagne Baths ; Spring*
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles front
Uklah. J. A. REDEMBYER & CO..
• ' -.-. ¦':¦.:' -¦¦.'¦ , r,-. Proprietors. .
VICHY SPRINGS,
P. O.' EL VERANO, CaL* Verano static
Rallwuy. Hot mineral baths near by. Term*.
Hi per <Uy and: upward.. PETER GOXm^^
j-AJU. I6SSCG. • * . *':¦' '..-' ¦ y ¦•?-'¦
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
; Two miles ! from 1 Hopland : '; best ' medicinal
watem Jn the State; fine hotel • and flrst-elass
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottagea.
O. HOWELJ* Hopland. 3 Mendodno Co.. CaL
DUNCAN SPRINGS^
al«o to Middletown. l^wer L^e Keh,^?,^
LAKEPORT AND . BARTLETT SPRIXT-cs
BTAGE LIIIE.-Hopland to Bartlett Spring?
via Lakeport. carrying passensrers • f or Lakel
pert . and Bartlett Springs. Stages conn!.!!*
with trains at Hoptan4-*I^?*Hto£nTC
12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3-30^arrlv« =?
Bartlett Springs at 7:30., New MririYliLw,*
senger tourist wagons, iriade to order for tels
MILLER & HOWARD. PronrtPt^
f HO ! FOR ;THEGEYSERg:
'.IT 1 * : C. , C. Foss' ; Stage LJns from Callstoga.
SSSu? 0 *^ I 2 u J e " £» ver 7 1» connection.- C. C.
FOSS, Proprietor, : Callstcga, Cal. ¦,..-* . - -
"THF fiRfiVF" ~ Lake Tahoe, Cal.'. -M mile
1 HE , : UHU T E .-,, east of Tallac. . Board' and'
lodging per. week. |9. By the day. $2. Meals,
Me. -Good saddle horses and the best of livery.
COP ixUJD. Prosxletonu
. DERMATOLOGISTS.
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or ecar. Wrinkles removed with • the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow on
ball beads Hours 1 to 4 p. m. • K.venings by
appointment.' Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market ,'st '
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-29. &- P. Brahman Toilet
Cream. 50c; Brahman Tooth Powder 25c All
druggists. Large stock always at i. S. Potts' '
Drug Co. • , - .
Dr. & Mrs, TRAVERSE*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LOOsi dS
You Can
It Is not merely your privilege— it- is
your duty— to yourself, to those near
and dear to you— In fact, to the world.
GRAY HATH, is becoming only to
extreme old age. On young heads —
less than 50-it is out of place, inhar-
monious, irritating.
But don't use dyes— that clumsily
hide, instead of removing, the gray and
the fading. SCIENCE has found a
way to RESTORE the natural, trans-
parent, glossy coloring; science, as
embodied in my
4-Day Hair Restorer.
It is a clean, clear liquid that enters
into the very composition of the hair
and roots— and in combination with the
light and the air*rings back the soft,
youthful luxuriance of hair coloring,
without which there Is no real femi-
nine beauty.
At druggists', $L Easily applied with
a fine comb. One free application at
my parlors. »
LOLA MONTEZ CREME— keeps the
skin smooth and BOft and the complex-
ion clear. Removes and prevents
wrinkles. Trial pot free. Send 10c for
postage and packing-.
Superfluous hair permanently re-
moved—without pain— by the Electric
N'eedle.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
78 Geary St., San Francisco.
A grotto, 1400 feet up In the coast range,
overlooking the broad Salinas Valley; free
from fog and winds; 'pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature: seven, miles stage from
Soledad: hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunge: special bathhouses for ladles:
massage treatment; cement swimming tank.
30x60; hunting and fishing; all popular games;
hotel, cottages and grounds illuminated by gas;
telephone and P. O. : round-trio ticket is. C.
T. ¦ ROMIE, ! prop. ; . J. O. VALPET. manager.
PARAISO
HOT SPRINGS.
...NAPA...
SODASPRINGS
• Round trip from San Francisco only $2.50.
Take boat at Tiburon Ferry. . Call on or addrew
Camp Reverie Association, Room 81, Flood
Bldg., San Francisco, for particulars and book-
lets; or write Camp Reverie Association, P. O.
Forestville, Sonoma County. Cal. Booklets may
also be had at the ticket offices of the Califor-
nia Northwestern Railway.
Place Like This."
and see for yourself— "In" All California No
RUN U? FOR A DAY.
Run Up Saturday and Return Sunday op
ADVZBTISEMENTS. :
¦ Imitation S . 8 . if
m a h ogany II fl 1 .
R- o ni. a ri I li T
c h a i r of y I
graceful 1. *
design, up- T
holstered with silk tapestry
...............: $3.50
Get an estimate from us on '
everything required to furnish .
your " entire ,; establishment'.
"Credit and free delivery -within
loo miles. s We close at six.
T. Brilliant
V FURNITURE CO., , ,
338-34^ POST STREET.
. . .Opposite Union- Square.
Leading Business College of the West.
24 Post et. , San Francisco, ¦ Cal. •
Established nearly 40 years. - :
, ' • -.Write for 80-page catalogue (free). ¦ ¦•
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS * DEGREES AND .GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary-course accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities offered in mu-
sic, art and elocution;- thirty-sixth » year; fall
term opens Aug. 7, 1901. Write for catalogue
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres., Mills "College
.P.- P.. Cal. ¦ . ..; ; ¦¦-
MISS M; G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
¦ 302 ' Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal. a
LeBsons personally or by mall. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
THF HITCHCOCK- SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
.. BAN RAFAEL. CAL,.
-.. Military ; Drill. Christmas, Term Begins
August 14th. ¦ . '¦.'" '.;¦¦-
REV. C. HITCHCOCK,' Principal. .
CALIFORNIA 'BUSINESS COLLEGE.
.A THOROUGH SCHOOL.; ' ¦ '
Progressive, ' exceedingly •-, thorough, finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates.
• 305 Larkin st. • Illustrated catalogue. -
. ; ¦ . R. L. DURHAM, President. "
- »V^ft J3 * E tEaB?a!P
ARCADIA,
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mile
V ;. v : IPomBigr Trees... :.:¦ v
' -Buy ticket' to' Campus Station, For- particu-
lars and booklet ! write the j owner, THOS. rU
BELL. P., p.. Felton. Cat -..';,.-,
Beautiful mansion i house * and T magnificent
grounds, situated in foothills, one and. a half
miles . from • St. Helena. • 'Table unsurpassed.
Terms reasonable. Address ' P. O. • box 65,- St,
Helena. Cal: ».;-::. '¦' r ', ¦'¦¦¦ : ¦¦¦•- ¦•'"'¦•¦ ¦ ¦¦¦•. ¦' -. ." •¦
• T6lL HOUSB^
|> PEASANT -ACCOMMODATIONS: FOR * A
*¦ few guests; mountain scenery ; ¦pur*' air.
tS ser wk. H. B. IUAWLBT. Callaton, Cat
CAMP REVERIE, i/^vnitolail If you wanl t0
FUSS.AN i^DWOODS, ¦ >1£^ IS WhCFC tO
NOW open, Wj^nozO 90 this Summer
mBSSm m «-i_ Call or write for
%v£0%k-> Jfe U P en "VACAT.ON ,90."
* / __ •^¦H^S^ Send for free This Is a little book Just Issued by the Call.
. _ booklet. Address fornla Northwestern Railway Company, and li
f\ ?^ ¦ ¦ B 4 -4 -4 1 " <«•« 4TVB flP Q U BDHQC Drnn profusely Illustrated. It gives camping loca-
¦ I ¦ fill I I 1 Vr III Mi DnirtnC, riUp, Uons. hotels and mineral spring: resorts In
' - : ¦^ *• •* -^^ .Hi *»¦ JL M. M. d^ j ¦¦ Hotel Capitola* or Marln. Sonoma, Mendocino and Lake counties.
; • . j - *~-^ , WB CDIUV 0CJIUIC3 C ? Besides, it contains a list ol about 200 farina
i"V my ' T\\ , \H rHnWlv iitAfiltn, clip I and homes where board during the summer
llfl /I II PW r InH Ww Pamn Tanifnia - months can be procured at from $5 to $10 pet
I: Vll (I L\\JVf 1 lail) • - „* a P ltoIa « week. Ticket offices, 650 Market street (Chron-
; — ' Capitola, Cal. icle building:) and Tiburon Ferry. General of-
. ¦ r , . k| ',_-¦'¦ : Vj^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^gjT^^^^ fi ce, Mutual Life bull Sins. Sansome and Call-
p,_. rr^^.i. »v /- in t, t - fornia streets, San Francisco. R. X. RYAN,
k^a_.
n/Complexfon Powderg
XI remorrt all blemlibei, protect*; pruerres g
3Bf * n " Impart* to the *kln that roie-lik* color K
3H "* acc whatcrer. ao comnon fn lmitAtioaa* ftS
A5 Sample Ires. Sox 50c. * Mf
J_j«_A. PotzonI Co.. fit. Loali or Sew Tork, EfNTER NOS CIRCLE of the Com
'¦ panlons*: of the Forest of Amer
ica has . elected the following
named officers to serve for the
ensuing term: "Mary Errett,' C.
C; Cora Mitchell, S. C.; Meta*.
Rasmussen, R. S.: Alice Fegan,-
R. G.; Lizzie Fegan, L.^G.; Nora. Madden,
I. G.: Kate Drake, O" G.; George H.
Graves, O.: James McNally, trustee.
The. bonbon cotillon -that was given .by
Inter Nos Circle in -Union Square Hair
on the«evenins' of , May 28 "was a de
lightful affair that was enjoyed by a
-large number of people, members cf the
circle named and, of other local circles
and friends.^ The '-cotillon, led, by Chief
Companion P. H.' Coyle and Miss Alice
Fegan, was well carried out. There was
good' music and a welt . arranged pro
gramme of dances. Miss Margaret For
est was the floor manager, MJss Alice Fe
gan and Miss Cora Mitchell her assist
ants, and Mesdames S. Meyers and K.
Drake and Misses . Lizzie Fegan, Nellie
Shea, Meta Ra&niussen and Kmma Oaks
the reception committee.
At the last held meeting of Bay City
Circle three strangers were admitted to
membership and the following named
were elected as officers for the ensuing
term: Bessie Boren, C. C; David T.
Skootsky, S. G. C. : Miss Louise Steppen
bach, R. S.; Miss Palmyrie Worms, R. G.;
Miss O. Tavares, L. G.; Phebe Anker, I.
G., and Miss M..F. Oppenheim, O. G.
Grand Sub Chief Companion Miss Alice
Ticoulet, Grand Financial Secretary Miss
Agnes D. Bremer and Grand Trustee
Mrs. A. Davis paid a visit last week
to Loyal Circle in Oakland. The hall, in
anticipation of the visit, had been con
verted into a bower of roses and ever
greens. The visitors after the business
of the evening were delightfully enter
tained, showing that the circle is pos
1 sessed of a good fraternal disposition.
Monday, May 30, the members of Golden
Era Circle gave a surprise party to Com
panions Mr. and Mrs. Sauer, mem
bers of the circle, on the eve of their de
parture for the Kast. They will depart
to-morrow. There was a pleasant gath
ering of the members and a number of
friends to bid the couple au revoir and a
¦speedy re'iurn. There was an impromptu
programme of music, songs and recita
tions, also dancing, after which there was
a collation. Mo Levy, the secretary of
the Chico Barrel Club, acted as i oast
master. The affair was got up under the
direction of Campanions Mrs. E. J. Sin
clair, Mrs. Coleman and Mrs. E. Michaels.
Those delegates to the Grand Circle,
which was in session last week, who when
nominated for the first time were defeat
ed, after the adjournment of the grand
body formed themselves into the Barrel
Club. Mrs. A. Davis was chosen chair
man, Mrs. N. Phelan. vice chairman;
Samuel Schweitzer, secretary: Mrs. Gib
son, treasurer; E. H. Chamberlain, mar
shal; Mrs. J. H. Krimminger, inside, and
Mrs. S. Durfee, outside guard, and Mrs.
Dolan, musician. The club will hold oc
casions I meetings to lay plans for barrel
ing other delegates at the next Grand Cir
cle session.
New Century Circle has elected the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing term: Mrs.
Kingston. C. C; Mrs. M. Lemme. S. C.
C; Mrs. S. Hoversen T. ; Miss H. Burton,
R. S.; Mrs. E. II. Zeising, R. G.; Miss J.
Weisei, l. G.; Miss Louisa Storer. I. G.;
Mrs. K. Storer. O. G. ; Miss R. Bov.-en, O.
Last Monday night the circle had an at
home thnt was attended by a large num
! ber of members and of visitors, who were
: treated to a varied programme of inter
esting numbers and the serving of ice
, cream and cakes.
The Eastern Star.
At 'he meet'.ns? of California Chapter
on the 1st inr-t. seven candidates were
elected, after which the chapter closed
There will be joint and impressive me
morial services and decoration ceremonies
by Redwood Camp of the Woodmen and
Redwood Circle of the Women of Wood
craft. The decoration will be at Mount
Calumet Camp at its last held meeting
in May initiated two candidates. At that
time it had forty-two obligated strangers
who are to be initiated at the big camp
meeting in Fernbrook Park, when it is
expected more than a thousand will re
ceive the degrees.
California Camp at its meeting last
week received ten applications to be
come members and initiated three candi
dates. One of the three was President
W. A. S. Nicholson of California Council
or the. National Union. It was announced
that neighbor Goloman had won the gold
iTif (ial olfered by neighbor Cardona to the
ciii bringing in the greatest number of
members during a stated period. The fol
li wing named were elected officers of the
camp for the ensuing term: Joseph A.
Wilson, P. P. C; C. H. Rulofson, A. L.;
C. M. Liedman, B.; Martin Berwin, C;
J. J. Lesser, A. C. ; Harry Baum, E.; D.
L. Mayers, A. E.; R. Kohn, W.; R. Thier
bach, S. ; Neighbors Schute, Cutbet and
Goloman, trustees. Under the good of
the order W. A. S. Nicholson, one of the
"baby" neighbors, gave fervent thanks
that he was not the one who had
been selected to take the "California de
grte," and declared that Neighbor Vin
cent, who weighs 272 pounds, was "his
ethereal angel." Neighbor Lachenbach
entertained with a violin solo, Neighbor
Mayers with a recitation. Neighbor
Menriea with a vocal solo; then there was
a violin and piano duet by Neighbors
Lachenbach and Brown and patriotic
songs by the camp, after which Dr. Estes
gave a five-minute talk on fraternity. The
evening's entertainment closed with the
camp's cry. "Watch us grow," repeated
time and again. In the early part of July
the camp will celebrate the admission of
the one hundredth candidate by a public
installation of tha newly elected officers,
tho presentation of the gold badge to
Neighbor Goloman, . the presentation to
the o.'Ficers of a set of beautiful badges
iU-1'ated to the camp by Golden Gate
Camp, and an entertainment and dance
in Pioneer Hall.
The Choppers' Friendship Club, the sick
benetit auxiliary of the Woodmen of the
World, expects to have more choppers at
its picnic in Fernbrook Park on the 14th
of July than have ever been seen at any
Woodmen's gathering. The local camps
are taking an active interest in the mat
ter and are interesting the neighbors and
their friends in the outing. On the night
ot the 24th of May the club admitteu a
number of candidates by initiation.
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of
the World has completed all arrange
ments for the observance of memorial day
of the Woodmen on the 9th inst. 'The
committee chosen to attend to the details
of the service both at the cemeteries. and
In Native Suns' Hall is composed of D.
Oliver Jr.. John Boyle, Al Levy, J. F.
lirooks and J. Jj*. Casey.
Woodmen of the World.
Last Monday^ evening Olympia Circle
admitted three"strangers by initiation and
decided to hold meetings every Monday
night hereafter.
The new circle recently organized in
Los Angeles at a meeting held, last week
.selected its officers. The circle will be
instituted shortly after the adjournment
of the Grand Circle.
The Druidesses.
Monte Verde Grove, the local baby,' in
stituted but a short time since, is still
initiating candidates at every meeting in
the Folsom-street Temple. Its member
ship now numbers about 100.
Grand Marshal Guglielmoni visited Cy
press Grove of Petaluma last Monday and
delivered an interesting address on DruM-
Ism. During the evening three strangers
were received into the first degree and
three applications were received.
Xoble Grand Arch Henry Lange of St.
Helena is preparing an elaborate report
of the official work he did during his
term, which has been a successful one.
(Joldeii Star Grove's degree team has
been drilling for some time preparatory
to enuring the contest before the Grand
Grove that has been spoken of— that Is,
provided the grand body offers a suitable
tro| hy. ' .
The Grand Grove of California' will con
vene on the ISth of the current month;
it is expected that there will be not" less
than 22o delegates present. The commit
tee on entertainment of the officers and
delegates has completed all Its. arrange
ments and promises a good programme
for Grand Grove week. There' are three
places that are very anxious to have the
Grand Grove session in 1902— Stockton,
Santa Rosa and Salinas. • v • .
At the next meeting of Hartnagle Chap
ter of the A. O. I*. D. a large -class of
eligibles will be received into the myste
ries of the degree of that branch of
Druidipm. The officers will appear with
new regalia and will deliver the, charges
without book. ,.\; ; „' *
The Druids.
California Lodge has arranged for an
anniversary oarty to be riven in its hall
on ihe nisht of the 29th inst.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge has elected
Mrs. Beakley as N. G., Miss Sarah Draf
fin V. G. and .Tosie Wal-.vorth R. S. After
the election the lodge entertained Oak
land Lodge, w liich paid it a visit, and the
••veiling closed with dancing. . .,
Loyal Reliekah Lodge has elected M1*s
Jennie Right N. G., Ella R. Bourne V. G.
and Ida Lawrance S. This lodsre vrill
give an entertainment in the main hall
of the Odd Fellows' building on the 28th
in.st.
Templar Loilg-e has elected the frllow
ing officers: Geneva Ashworth. N. G. ;
Bessie Munroe, V. G. ; Lottie Carson, K.
S.; Adelaide Brown, F. S.; Virginia
Green. T. ; Mesrtames Perry, Warner and
Bernheimer, trustees. This lodge has
made arrangements to have Dr. White
Wolf deliver before the members and
friends in the memorial hall of the Odd
Follows' building, a lecture on "The Life
and Habits of the Ind'ans." There will
also be Introduced an Indian wedding and
war sonps, wir dances and religious
hymns. Thin will take place on next Kat
urday evening.
Mrs. Nellie Mitchell, president of the
California Assembly, has announced the
following official visits: To Plutnas
Lodge, Croscer.t Mills, June 22; Social
Lodge, Susanvllie. 25th; Janesville Lodge,
Janesvillo. 26ta; Northern Lodge, Altu
ras, 2Sth; Mount Bidwell Lodge, Fort
Bldwell, July 2; Mystic Jewel Lodge,
Adin. July 5, and Joliet Lodge, Bieber,
July 6.
Rsbekak Lodges.
Parker Lodge has elected S. P. Russell
N. G. and C. P. Jacolsen V. G. for the
i:ext term.
Templar Lodge has elected F. W.
Stowell N. G. and E. J. Lloyd V. G. for
the ensuing term.
Cosmopolitan Lodge was visited last
week by Templar Lodge, and to show
how well the officers can do th? work
there was the initiation of a canc'i.iate.
The new hall at Occidental will bo dedi
cated by the grand master witn appro
priate ceremonies on the Fourth of July.
Grand Secretary Shaw was <n Dutch
Flat last Wednesday attending the recep
tion tendered to Grand Master Nicholls
by his lodgo by that local.
Odd Fellowship.
A special excursion for members of the
Eastern Star and their personal friends,
is being arranged. It. will be a six-day
affair and will include a first-class trans
portation to the Yosemite Valley and re
turn and hotel rates from Raymond to
the' valley, with an opportunity to visit
the Mariposa big trees. Mirror Lake,
Vernal Falls and Glacier Point. The ex
cursionists, will it is expected, leave on
the 24th inst.
The Trestle Board, which suspended
publication shortly after the death of
Editor Plummer, will resume publication
next month under the direction of Walter
N. Brunt and Elmer .White.
The grand patron and the associate
grand matron paid a visit on! the 3d lust,
to Silver Star Chapter at Vallejo. On ; the
5th the grand patron visited Orient Chap
ter at Centerville. On the 4th the asso
ciate grand matron was with' VeritaF
Chapter at Colusa, on the 5th at Willows
and on the 8th at Tehama. She will make
visits as follows: Red Bluft on Juno 10.
Sissons on the ?3tlr, Yreka ICth, DuitSTnuii
17th, Redding lSfh, Anderson 20th. CMco
22d. Gridley 24th, Yuba 25th. Marysville
27th in the afternoon and Orovillo .^7th in
the evening.
The grand matron has returned to her
home in Santa Ana.. , . .
to accept the 'nvltatlon of the committee
to visit the Mechanics' Pavilion to wit
ness the review by Golden Gate Ccm
mandery and evolutions by. its drill corps.
The Fraternities
Olivet, .Cypress Lawn .and, Holy Cross
Cemeteries, and on that occasion a monu
ment erected to • the memory of the late
Mrs. Fjeeland of Redwood Circle will
be unveiled. : The members of both organ
izations will assemble fit Pioneer Hall at
1 o'clock this afternoon.. ¦ . ,'¦;-',
Women of Woodcraft.
At the open meeting of Golden Gate Cir
cle, Women .of Woodcraft, on the 24th
of May there "was a , good attendance,
which was entertained , with a pleasing
programme, which included songs, fancy
dances, instrumental music and dancing.
The several numbers of entertainment
were by Miss Hazel Watterson, Florence
Bohn, Messrs. Wilson and Chase, Miss
Slattery, William Dodge, Miss Tessie
Greenfield, Miss . Addle x Brennan, Mrs.
Alma. Mr. Fanning, Dr. "Ryer. Miss Helen
Watterson and M. . Klein. The pleasure
of the evening was. added to by the serv
ing of refreshments. The members of the
entertainment committee was Mrs. Isen
bruck, Mrs. Love. Mrs. Shrakhart, Mrs.
Kamera, Mrs. Dodge and Mrs. Cam
eron, who were commended for putting
on the programme without hitch or delay
and making it pleasant for all. Mrs. New
man and Mr. Klein, members of the circle,
furnished the music for the evening.
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
The Santa Fe Is now carrying passen
gers to the Yosemite via stage from Mer
ced. Starting on California Limited to
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to
morrow afternoon, passing Merced Big
Trees en route. ~
Ask about it at G41 Market street. .••».
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIjL, SUNDAY, JTJNE 9, 1901.
27
LADIES' CLOTH JACKETS,
Worth $10.00. $12.50 and $15.00.
$5.00 Each.
$2.50 Each.
LADIES' CLOTH JACKETS,
Worth $7.53. $8.50 end $10.00,
$3.50 Each,
LADIES' CLOTH JACKETS,
Worth $5.00 ond $7-50.
Worth $5 00 end $6.00.
$L50 Each.
$!.00 Each.
LADIES' CLOTH JACKETS,
Worth $3 CO and $4.C0.
LADIES' CLOTH JACKETS,
JACKETS.
Worth $30.00 and $35 00.
$20.00 Each.
3TAMINE SUITS.
.Y REDUCED PRICES.
$12.50 Each.
LADIES' CLOTH SUITS,
Worth $22.53 and $25.00. *
$10.00 Each.
LADIES' CLOTH SUITS,
Worth $17.50 and $20.00.
$7.50 Each.
LADIES' CLOTH SUITS,
Worth $15.00 and $16-50.
$5.00 Each.
LADIES' CLOTH SUITS,
Wcrth $10.00 ohd $1250.
LADIES' CLOTH SUITS,
SUITS.
ANNUAL CLEARANCE.
rf"^ fl | m — p— j- _ • — •¦ — ~~~
Dry Goods ~%lim Company.
BAUWAI TSAVZL.
AMUSEMENTS.
••The Most Delightful Entertain-
ment Ever Cffeied at This House,"
THE PUBLIC VERDICT
• n ths Production cf
u IB! 1 %$ I BBB
H '
Monday, June 10— FIFTH WEEK.
••The Town , Rings With Its Praises**
••Perfect Cut and Superb Mounting**
DO NOT MISS
THE MADVELOUS TOY SHOP.
ANOTHER SOUVENIR MATINEE ON
SATURDAY AT 2.
Every Child hi Attendance to B2 Given
a Handsome Plaything.
EVENINGS AT 8.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 50c
TELEPHONE-BUSH 9.
QPLAND' OPERA HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY— LAST NIGHT OF
"LA TOSCA."
Beginning MONDAY EVENING,
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by Florence Stone, in Sardou's won-
"THE EMPREsV-'tHEODOBA."
Being the first production of this great play
in English in this city. • : -
There will be a professional matinee Thursday,
June 10.
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c. 15c, 2§c, 50c. 75c.
Good orchestra seat all Matinees. 23c.
.* . Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
BEl*$COA*oTHAlE8jfcftW£
*r* mtmcmriuui -
¦ MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c. 13c, 25c.
TO-NIGHT LAST PERFOMANCE OF
The ' Patriotic and Realistic Naval Drama,
"OLD GLORY."
nnifCC Kvenings...'. 10c. 15c, 25c, 35c. SOc
1KIWCJ Matinees... 10c, 15c.- 25c
To-Morrow (MONDAY)— The ] Successful Melo- !
drama,
"JIM, THE WESTERNER.?
¦ New York Sun says: "The best American
play ever written." • ¦ ¦
ftSnn eat r e^A>
. EVERY NIGHT AT 8. '
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by White Whittlesey, In Julia
: Marlowe's Success,
"FOR BONNIE
PRINCE CHARLIE."
Orchestra, . first 6 rows. 75c. Reserve seats
six days In advance. - • . •
Next— "COUNTESS VALESKA.",
OL YM PI A c££^*
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
in the city. y;
FRANK "BARTON.
¦" The- Real' Thing in Ragtime. . ,
BTHEL^BARLOW,
The $40,000 Beauty. I' ;. : '^S:
Last Week of the " Wonderful •
SAMAYOAS
And the Greatest Aerial Act In the ."World. ,
An3 Our CELEBRATED^ STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY. -.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
. < ADMISSION FREE. , .
CHUTES_and ZOO
COMMENCING TO-DAY.
Martinetii and Satherland,
Direct from • the Orpheum.
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN
AND HER PICKANINNIES.
AMATEUR NIGHT, TflDRSDAY;
: : Phone for Seats— Park 23. v
Parquet "5c, any seat; balcony, 10 cents: children, 10c, any part except reserved. A
few front orchestra rows reserved, SOc; front rows of balcony reserved, 23c. ¦ '.- .-
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencins April ]>;i
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND BAN RAFAEL
1VEEK DAYS— e::,5. 8:30. '9:20. 1V00 a m
12:45. *1:43, 3:13. 4:15. 6:15. »«:1S. <;:!", t> tn '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Honday?. Wednesdejs, Saturdays
and Sundays at !»:20 and 11 :4U p. tn
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. 8:00, »S:<M. -io :f».. noo 11-30
a. m., 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. «3:<f,. 5:00, C:CO, 7:3.J
p. in. 11:00 a. m. doea not run t(j Han itafaei
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to Kan Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAF.L TO SAX FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-V,:25. 6:27. 7:47. *:35. 1015
a. m- »12:23. 1:15. 2:20. -3:3:.. 4:10. B:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 'S^O. 9:43. »11:00 a. m. »12
m.. 1:00. 2:15. *3:20, 4:30, »j:43. 6:15. 7:30. 10:10
p. tn.
Trains marked f») start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN" FRAXCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:43, 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 1030
a. m.. 12:35. 1:43. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:23. S:00. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.. 12 :15,
1:20, 2:30, 3:45. 5:00. fi:15. 7:15, j0:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— CazaUcro and way sta-
tions.
2:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. week tfars < Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way Ftatlons.
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Santa Fe Trains
Lf>ave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Loral j Lim'il I Ovrl'dl I>o.-al
I Haily 1 • ] Daily I Dally
Lv. Fan Franj 7:20 a I 9:nn a I K:00 p I 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 110:18 a |ll:45 a 111:10 p | 7:1S p
•• Merced ..112:22 11 ] 1:17 p I 1:19 a I 9:11 p
" Kresno ...I L':'ir, p j 2:35 p j K:05 a |10:£0 p
•' Hanford .1 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
11 Visalia ...I 3:40 p ! !4:4Sa
" Hakersf'ldl 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. Cyl 2:4n :i I 7:30 a
" Chicago .. | 2:15 p | 9:00 p
n for morning. P for afternoon.
•9:00 ». m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leavinc Monday and Thursday only,
rnrryinpr I'alac-e HleepinR Cars and Dining
Cur* through to Chicago, ("hair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class papsengrers. Xo second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 i>. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily.
8:00 p. m. Is tlie Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclinlner Chair Cars to Chicago:
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at 3:53
p. m. dally. ,
7:20 a. in. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
nt all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offlcps— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.
HOTEL-
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headauarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca.
tlon, courteous attaches and unequaied
cuisine. American and European plans.
-GRAND HOTEL-
Kind permission of ¦*
, . MR. RICHARD ' MANSFIELD.
'.PRICES— Evening.- 25c, 35e. - SOc, * 75c, $1:
Saturday matinee, 25c, 50c, 75c. . ; . , . ,
•¦: J\ ¦¦-¦¦
PARISIAN
ROMANCE.
: Beginning with. THIS EVENING, .
LAST BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAT.
25c and 5Oc. ~ - >
M R.. J/V/Yl E S ,*1N E I LIl
' ANDTHB NEILL J COMPANY.
Presenting * by . Special Request
LAST, "WEEK OF : DELIGHT
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine. "
1 Five or more races each, day. . : ¦
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two . cars - on -.train - reserved for
ladies and. their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry .tickets to Shell . Mound. AIL trains .via
Oakland: mole connect- with San Pablo a*«nua
electric cars . at • Seventh and * Broadway, ¦ Oak-
land. Also all; trains >vla Alameda mole con-
nect ¦ with * San -¦ Pablo - avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway." Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the- track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p.m. and Immediately after the last race.
: THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.V President. '
R. B.\ MILROT. Secretary.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING! RACING! RACING I
SPRING MEETINO-Openlng April 3.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
TRAIN SERVICE. '
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:13 a.
m., 11 a, m., ;12 m. and 1 p." m.; Twenty-flftfc
and Valencia, streets : five minutes later. ., Re-
turning at 4:43 p. m. and, after the last course.
San Mateo. electric cars every six minutes. ¦
SUNDAY, JUNE 16,
LADIES' DAY
CHAMPION
STAKE.
120-Nominations-120
CLASS RESERVE
AND ¦ •
PUPPY STAKES.
TO-DAY,
Sunday - - - - June 9.
UNION COURSING PARK
FLATT AND SUTHERLAND I
Clever comedy duo. I
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIC6RAPH
f*£\l IIUOIA 5A!f FRAHCISCO'8
VULUMSIA LLV?l?iQ THEATES
tt Monday Night
FOURTH WEEK OF THE
MILLER
SEASON
MATINEES WEDNESDAT AND SATURDAT.
First Time on Any Stage,
Dargy
OF THE
Guards
A ROMANTIC LOVE STORT
By Louis Evan Shipman.
Time, 1777— During the i British occupancy of
Philadelphia. ' fc "
June 17— LAST WEEK OF MILLER SEASON.
HINES AND REMINGTON
In an entire* change of programme.
FLORENCE BINDLEY
Vocalist and Instrumentalist.
FT^CHFR'S concert; house.
*.4 a ™. Jin - D ' Admission 10c. A.
CHABITT MARTIN, G. S. Wanrell, MatildUa
and BaJlet." Katherine Krieg. and Minnie Huff.
Carrol, Gravllle and Graham and -Sam Hold-
worth. •' •
- Reserved j Seats, 23c. . Matinee ¦ Sunday.
i ' . ; Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p." m. ; k
Bathing from 7 a. m. * to, 10:30 p. m. 'i
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing,* Including admission,' 23c; children, 20c.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Kaualiio Ferry— Foot or Market St.
TSY'm £" ¦"'-•WEEK DAYS *Tj »!*£"jj :
8:00 a. u.l *"*> fl2:15p. M.
9*0 A. M. I l:15p.M.
10.-0OA. M. 1 ftHNDAVq J 330 P. U.
ldOP.M. 5:50 P.M.
2:30 p. M.J 7:10 F. m.
Fare. San FrasdMa t* Summit tM Setnra. {1.44
Tlclcet OCSces, 621 Market St., & Sausalito Ferry.
CALIFORNIA
After June 3, and during the
summer, this train will run
semi-weekly, leaving San Fran-
cisco at 9:00 a. m. Mondays
and Ihursdays, arriving at
Chicago 2:15 p. in. Thursdays
and Sundays.
No other train compares
with it for beauty or perfec-
tion of service.
SANTA FE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
lialai l«at*«< an* mrm dnt> lo nrrlia •»•
NAN nUHCIM».
(Mam Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From Jcxe 9. 19C1. — aerivi
":OOa IJer.icia, Sui*un. Klinira, Vacaville,
Eomae; ud tiwtuseiiM G:£3p
" :30 a U&rtiuez, feau Hainou, Vallejo. N&1»,
Caiifti £aaud.SH.u;a ttosi Q:23p
6:00a. Davis, Woodland, Kuigtts Landing,
MaryBTilie. Orotille. 7:5Sp
*:O0» Atinatic K z press— OgJeu aud East 12:25p
R:uma STUes, Litlirop, Stockton SsS*r
»:UOA2kilea, Mendota, Hanford. Visalia.
Porterville 4:55p
8:30a Shasta Krpress— Davis, Williams ((cr
B&rtlett Kprincs), Willoxs, Ked
Bluff, Portlaiid. 7:35r
»:3<i* Sb.ii .lose. Lifermore, Ktocktoii. ,
lone, hucraiiicuto. I"Ii.c<rrfiile.
llKryeTille. Cliico, Keil Kluff 4:23r
8:3Oa Oakdale, Chinese (Yoseiflite), So-
nora,Oart«w 4:25p
1i:ii«a Hnyward, liih-M aud War Stations.. • I »*»*
9:UUi Vallejo la:25p
U:OO a Lot Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy. Latlirup. Stockton, Merced
Fresno and Lob Angeles 7:25r
S:UOa ValMu. Mariiuez and Way StaUom 7i»»r
I «:Ut» a The OTerlaud limited— Ogdeu, l>en-
Ter. Oiuaha. Chicago O-.S3p
fl:OOp SacrainrnU. l!i«er Hteunera
3:3Op llHjwani, Nil's and Way Htatlons.. 7t3Sr
4:<M»r lJ'-nicia, Winters, Macrauteiito,
Woodland, Kuigiits IjaudiiiK,
Marjuvjlle, Orotille... 10:55a
4:O«r Miu tiuer., Kan lUmoii, - Vallejo,
Nni>ii. <:»Iim <>(."». Kaula Ko«a «:SS&
•«:OOp KUes, Llvermore, Stockton. Lodl... I2;25p
4:a«r Hajnrard.I»fles, ban J<me, Iirtrmore f> : •">•"» a
4:3Or rort Cos a. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1«:23a
3;WVr Tlie Owl Limited— r itsmi, Tulare,
BakersGeld. hangns for Santa Bar-
bara, Lus Anceles 8:55»
8:«OP U&rtln'z. Antioch, 8tockton, 51er-
oed, Fresno 12:25r
S:O«f Yosemite J2:*3p
3:3UrXew Orleans Erprew— Menota,
Fresno, Bakersbeld, Lea Acselea,
D ming. El l'aeo, New Orleans
and East 7:35a
«:«<»p liaytrard, KIle« aud Hau Jose 1;5."»»
4«:O«r Vallejo r-. 11:23*
«iO«r Oriental Mail-Os'len, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago I2:25p
«:OOp Oriental Mail— Ofden, DeuTer,
St. Lou5a, Chicago 4:S3p
* 7:OOr Oregon aud Oalifuruia ICxiirem.Hao-
raineuUi. Marys*" 1 *. He«MliiK,
r«rtlsn<<. I'liget KtHind ami I'jihI »:»»»
»:»3p San Pab'io, l'»A Co»U, Martinez
and Waj HUtious 'i'??*
l»:OSp Vallpjo tiH^r
COAST LiINE (S»rroH Uugt).
(Foot of Market Street,)
17 :45a Santa Cruz Excursion Jo rlanta Cruz
and Frinc'pil Way Stations ....... «*:O3p
h: I 5 a Newark. Outer* Ille.rtau Ju«e, Ff't?".
Ik>iilderCrcek.K»n«aOru*««dVl«j
btotloi* -••••
fatlOr Kewark. CenlerTiile. Ban Jose, New
Alniatlflii, I'eltoii. ItouUer Orrek.
¦ I '¦•• fian<» Cruz aud J'rlueipal »*T
««-««- yUSSS!
4:I*p Newark, San Jose, LosGatos | jmi;5oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Frea S1I miXISCD-Fo* of Kuket Street (Slip 8]—
t7:16 8.-00 ll.-O0i.M. 1:03 3:03 OilSr."
r«coOUUIIS-rc.l.!Br»»4»tJ.-l«:«0 J8:OO 18«5
10:O0i.M. 12:S2 2:C3 i-S3 r - M -
COAST LINE (Kroad <Jan B e).
(TliirJ and TownsemlbtsJ
""«:!••* ban Joee and Way stations 'Hint
17=«©A Han im, an.l W«y SUtM,.......^ »«•»««•
JI:*«a Sunday Eicuraion for ban Jcfce.
* Manta Cruz. I'.cifie Orore and
Principal Way SUtionj....... — . .«-3Of
PO.O»AKau J<»e. Tr«. I'im*. ««jt« </" ;
Pacilie «Ji«.»e. halin«s San Lull
Obisi>o and Prlndj*! intermediate
HUiioiu - 5,a«.
1O:SOa Btn Jcse and Way BUtlons r.1o>
f*l«iS»A New Almadeii. 7 i,n«»
'l I «a«A 8au -l«*e a.M Way KUtlons ........ S'3«»P
?S:l»pSau Mateo, Uediroo.1. Menlo Park.
l'alo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Trea Pinoa. Santa Orur, Salinas,
Monterey a.m» radfie tit.,we '« .,„
X:Sa r Kan Jose an<t Way Stations ....... «•?"*
MtlSr San JoseanJ Principal WayStatlons »:1-»A
15:»orSan Jose, Los Gatos and Pnucpal
1 WayHUtions I":"?*
5.SOP San.l<«» and Principal Way fctatloi.s ».»3A
amor Eedwoad. Han Joee, GBroy. Salioaa,
Santa Barbara, Lo« Arjp-les 1O:O5a
CtOOp Del Monte, Monterey. Pacific Giove, 0 . o5a
«:3Op Ba I M 0 J J <S^au.V WaV SUtj.«.V.V.V.V.V. i «:««'*
«ll:4Sraan Jaseano Way Stations «:3Op
A for Monilne. * P t«* A f ternoon.
THimday exempted. n< V r only i ir^.v.
• Saturday oaly. " /Tucedays and Fridays.
RAII/WAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORM NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAKCiSGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Ra?a:l.
WEFK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. ti:2u p. pi. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 r>. m. Saturdays— Ei.ua triys a.t 1:50
and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:J), 3:30.
l.iO, S:20 p. m.
San Rnt'aei to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:50. V.'M, 11:10 a. in.; 12:4i,
3M'J, 5:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:bj
and 6:23 i>- in.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 3:40, 3:40.
5:fiS. h:;3 p. i»-
Leave j In Effect J Arrive
Fan Francisco. ! April L'S. 1S01.I San J-YanciFco.
\\>fk j tun- I | Sun- j Week
Days. I days. I Iiostlnation. ! days. | Days.
7::>'! am! S."0 ami Novato. 10:4U iiinj 6:'.O am
3:3o pm '.<:y< amj Petaluma. 6:05 pin:10:'.'3 am
5:K' pm' 5:00 pm: Santa Kosa. 7:3."i pm| B:20 pm
Fulton. ' I
7:30 am Windsor. (10:25 aai
5:00 pm Ho tl>iFhurs. 10:40 arr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:S") pm S:00 am! Cloverdale. 7:35 pti 6:20 pm
7:?0 am, 5:'>> (<nij llci)land |1H:4O am lu:z:< am
3:"0 pm! 8:00 am! and Uklah. i 7:^.". pmj o:20 pm
"TT30 am| [10:40 am|10:25 aui
I K:00 am Giipmevillo. 7:35 pml
t:Z't rml 5:W) pm I 6:20 pm
7 30 ami S:CO am! Sonoma | 9:15 am! S 4u am
I mid 1 |
6:10 pm! .":"0 rm| Glon Kllon. I «i:0."> pml 6:20 pm
7:30 am] 8:00 ami !Hl:40 am ! 10:25 am
5:30 pm! r.:on pm' Sebastopol. I 7:35 prnl 6:20 pm
i^lag'-s connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
and White Sulphur Spinrps; at Kulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Ueyswrville for HkaKKs Siirines; at Clovenlale
for the G«ysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Sprinss. K»lseyville. (.'arla-
tiad Sprins*. Soda Hay. Kakoport and Bartlett
.'-¦print;"; at Cklah fur Vichy Springs. Saratojca
Springs. J:iur- Lake?. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
t-"T;nnt:«. I'pDPr Lake. 1'i.rno. I'ottei Valley,
.Tohr. Hay"?, I?lvorsiJ«, IJcrlpy's. Hueknells,
Fanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot
Strings. Mendorlno City. Furt Braser. West-
port. T'?«l. Willl-f". Laytonvllle. fiimmiim.
Bell's Sprint's. Harris. Olson's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round tr!p tickets at re-
duced ratfs.
On Sunday round trip tl^k^t? to all polnti
beyond San Rafael nt half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
Buildinc
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manaper. Gon. Pa«i. Apt.
1 Semiannual Clearance Sale j
I the GOLDEN GATE I
I GLOAK and SUIT HOUSE 1
n • : y.:-. : .';^'r. j ¦ ¦ .- • -¦• - -.' ¦ •-¦¦-•• ¦ ; - ¦-. - ,-.' -K,,i-v m
¦ ¦¦ ¦¦: • ; : 7 '; ¦ • b
S CONTINUED SUCCESS of the most as- S
a touhding Sale that ever has taken *
Bp place in San Francisco. ¦
I Superior Garments Cut to Less Than * Price, |
¦ .Our former Sales are a guarantee of this one. ¦
S We mean exactly what we advertise. ¦
g PRICES WILL CONVINCE. g
I Styles All This Season's Productions. S
S . Sale to Continue Ur.t'.l Lvsry Garment is Disposed of. > a
B ¦ : ¦ . ¦ ' . .• : ;_¦¦- :\: ¦-¦-.vi ¦ B
¦ 5 $12.50 All-Wool Gray Gcilfine Suits at ;.-. .94.95 ¦
S $5.00 Eton Suits on sale for. . . . . $1.S>5 ¦
g $20.00 Silk-lined Tailor; Suits for..'.....'. .$9.03 j
B $25.00 Gray and Brown Camel's Hair Suits for $12.45 B
S $12.50 Silk V Eton Jackets for. ................. . . ..... .$3.43 - ¦
p .$10.00 Kersey Jacket, silk-lined, Jof ' ...$3.95 n
B $10.00 Auto Box Coats on sale for .$6.45 fl
¦ $25.00 Novelty Jackets at .:....... , ..$12.45 g
jg $1.50 Black All-Wool Homespun Skirts for ..... V .....1.65c g
¦ $3.00 Tramping Skirts for ...$1.45 '¦
¦ $6.00 Fancy Trimmed Venetian Skirts for $2.05 B
g $7.50 Black and Colored Trimmed Skirts for $3.05 J
B $15.00 Silk Skirts, trimmed, for . ,...,$S."45 ¦
¦ '$1.50 Fancy Trimmed Pique Skirts for ...75c ¦
j "$175 Amisilk Waists, lined throughout, for ....05c S
! ef $3.50 Silk Poplin Waists for. ...:..... .$1.45 £
3 $4.00 Silk Moreen Skirts for ....„ .. $1.93 ¦
B - $5.00 Fur Collarettes for ...$1.95 g
g $17.50 Fur Capes, for . . ............ $S.O5 g
¦ 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET. ¦'
B t&y&d ".•¦¦¦•:. ¦ ¦"< ' ¦¦ ¦ B
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB"
\ . . AMXTSEMiTNTsJ - /'
Jy*w SAN FRANOSCO - OMAHA
WEEK COMMENCINgI^ MATINEE TO- DAT, SUNDAY, JUNE 9-
VAUDEVILLE'S HIGH-WATER MARK 1
*. AMKRICA'S MOST NOTED ENTERTAINER.
EZRAKEINDALL
HUMORIST AND PHILOSOPHER. V ;" '.'*.' ~ ~ * ?
GARDNER AW D MADDER N
, ' Presenting George H. Emerlck's Farce. "Too Many Darlings."
...bOHERTY SISTERS...
¦¦;;:•."/>*' j American Beauties Who Can* Sing and Dance.
"F HE TO B I IN S
Reflned musical artists. -.* w *>: '
7. .SPENSER KELLY . . .
The ' famous . barytone. ...
CITY OF PARES DRY GOODS COMPANY,
£E. Corner Geary and StocHoa Streets, San Francisco.
tJIMIOJN SQUARE.
Mail and Express Orders Receive Immediate Attention.
FINE LINE AT GREAT
LADIES' CLOTH
i HPf *4 <• 1
>
Nowadays it's the easiest thing in I
-" the world to go east via the Burling- t
r^^^^M-^^ ton Route. P
Xj^^^^^- Thro* tourist sleepers leave San I |
kA^^^^r *" Francisco Tuesdays and Thursdays >\ I
"^^^^< i for Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City I
% Ifc^ an^ St. Louis. «¦
I /^n-? Thro' Pullman sleepers, San Fran- j|
I I aJT\ cfsco to Chicago, daily. Dining-cars |f
I I a^ t^ ie wa y- Library cars east of Den- p
I Ver * nest scener y on tne globe. H
t'^ hi "tZ *Wl \\v. H I Tickets and berths at. 631 Markr; j »'|
1/ f» y,*. D. Sanborn, General Agent. q Li
[ j ¦ ""1..-JP
ADVERTISEBXENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY-JUNE 9, 1901.
28
FLATS TO LET.
AGENTS WASTED.
LODGING-HOUSES FOK SAL53.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
BANJO and, guitar; Farland method. ' R. T.
ROSS. 514A Jones st.,'. near, Geary.
ENGLISH branches and -literature taught; lea-'
. sons to foreigners. ¦ > 427 : Sutter ,et. > » ¦ ¦ ¦
' /• ELECT KO-THRKAPUTIC-^ .
Electric-Chemlc medication cures faulty .nutrl-
1 tlon, nerve. • blood. & constitutional , diseases.'
Drs. K. & K.'« Electric Sanitarium.' 8 Mason.
; . EMPLOYMENT % OFFICES. - ; '.
JAPANESE . Employment Offlce land :¦'¦ House-
, cleaning : Co. : best help; . >' send .men. at ;" short
;: notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2331.
JAPANESE and Chinese help : of ' all- kinds;
; ¦ cooks, ., • waiters and house servants.- '.- GEO.
AOKI &;CO.\ 421. Post st; tel.^Bush 135. • :, /r "
ORPHEUM Employment OfHce— Japanese, Chi-'
' . nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel; Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central hcusecleaning and employ-
ment; all lilnds help.1046 Sutter; tel.": East .203/
RELIABLE 'Japanese-Chinese employment '> of-
r "flee; all binds help* ,U5 Stockton; Main 5183.'.
?Tt^sK8S2££** machtaM - E
TO . exchange . your property or business ' call ' or
' write.*, ' ¦ ¦ G. W. r SCHWEINHARD, *. ;
'¦':-, :¦¦¦.. !: ; -*•; ---- »17. Market; at. i near Fifth.;?
a Phone Mint 1911.', ¦ - \
G S lI 1. 16 ., o « r °Yf r> care of two children; Menlo
« Park ; f 10; ; city references. - Box 4264. .Call.
YOUNG girl to take care of children- warn
rj.flO to $15. w Call 1816 Baker st? """" wases '
RESPECTABLE to cook for family In
¦ camp.' Apply 4023 17th st; bet. 10 an™3. .
wages,
Al FINISHERS on suits. ' M. SIMINOFF, 1223
EXCHANGE I and sale j office.': S21 ' Phelan ¦ bldg.. |
. Market' st— Send particulars- of -anything you
;. have . for exchange; sale or, want ; registration
;..' free ; Insurance and loans. : 4S0 acres . timber
" land .• for > city 1 lots; 80 acres,,' Riverside; for
• ' Oakland ; property ; . Chickering - square piano
¦' and • mantel mirror. v bargain, . cash; -v orchard
' home, •. Hay wards ; 6 acres, San Jose,'' elegant
house, <! etc.; $12,000; » fine horse 1 and buggy; 8
-'lots and 6 acres, Florida,' finest 'location; mln-
' v Ing ¦> and t oil property and , land. State your
>. wants, large or. email. ,- , . , .- •• . . ..
EXCHANGE.
NEAT young girl ' for general housework-
£ ave!! i?Sa. Wa^ S - $15 t0 $2 °" - 2025 - Cllnfon
PLEASANT and profitable . position for bright
«2V a CaI°l oTricI , tC prevlous .oecupauon. -Boi
WANTED— Saleslady on boys' and children's
GIRL wanted In family of 2 for light house-
.work; wages $10; good home. 930 Chestnut
st.; call In forenoon. ' ..""""
Munson, School Shorthand, Tvplng, Bookkeeping,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
WANTED— Good-natured girl for manicuring
parlors; not under 20; good salary to rleht
' party. Box 4263, Call offlce. - gbt
GIRLS to Few on buttons; also machine on-
, erators. G. W. Reynolds Muslin Underwear
.597 Miss lc 11 St., corner Second.
SALESGIRL for shirt waists. , who can speak
; French and Spanish: Apply to cloak de-
V partment manager, Emporium. ,
YOUNG woman with some knowledge of draw-
ing, to learn portrait work.. WAHLSTAD 8G1
Broadway, Oakland. •/ /"._;«
WANTED— A girl about 18 a few'hours during
the day to take out an elderly lady. AddIv
•610 O'Farrell st. • r
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands. Ap-
ply, at HALE BROS., No. 979 Market Bt.,
. Monday morning before 11 o'clock. . '.
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of violin
mandolin and guitar. 1003 Mission' St., 'nr. 6th.
MISS GORMAN'S classes in- elocution now
forming at 14 McAllister St., room 14; $2; 9-12.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new 'quarters, 'rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg., Individ, instruction;- catalogue.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
time. TARR,,'exp. acct. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of ' Ellis bookkeeping and the
1 Gregg shorthand costs only S60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 "Market st.
A YEAR'S scholarship In one of sA Fran-
cisco's leadlnc: bustnopn "colleges for sale at
half price. Address box 81, Sonoma, Cal.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portray events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS.
1000 Callers Since May 1st.
Naaman, Russian seer, medium, • palmist and
advisor, I tells your name, what you, called
I for, cures your disease or anything you want
to knew; no charges In advance; satisfaction
guaranteed ;, develops mediums In 2 months
teaches palmistry, clairvoyancy; hours 9 a. m
to 9 p. m. ; readings by mail. 326 O'Farrell.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
28; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for .pamphlet
• with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and' future; never falls; ¦ has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife ; 25c up; satisfaction to every-
body; cures diseases by sympathy. 215V& Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life. reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual test meeting;
questions answered. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough,
Ellis car; adm. 10c; 8 p. m. ; sit. $1; letter $2.
MRS. SHRINER and Griffin, well-known re-
liable mediums, will hold a test seance to-
nisht; all Invited: 10c. 299 Hyde st.
MRS. EBERHARDrS test meeting to-night;
10c. S250 Twenty-fecond Et.. bet. Mission and
Valencia; phone Blue 954.
MATERIALIZING seance to-night; readings
and spirit photos; Sunday II to 2. ARNOLD
DICKSON. 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
OCCIDENTAL Hall. 305 Larkin Ft., to-night,
Mrs. Llllle. Mr. & Mrs. Gillesple; good music.
MRS. STODDARD'S convincing tests; to all.
10c; Sunday, Tuesday; readings daily. 278 Sth.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting everv
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth »t-. 2d floor.
Katie Heussmann, circle to-night; questions an-
pwered, 25c; eitt'gs, 136 West Mission, nr. 13th.
MRS. EVANS. 129 Sixth, r. 16; dr. to-night, 8,
10c. and every eve. but Thur.; readings daily.
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual test meeting,
8 p. m.; 10c. 305 Larkin St., cor. McAllister.
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 clay St.; circle to-
nlght and Wednesday, 8; Tuesday, 2 p. m. j
MRS. GILLINGHAM. spiritual test meeting. 8
p. m.; 10c. 305 Larkin st.; take elevator.
FREE lecture on palmistry, with free readings
for all. at 8:15 this evening. 423 Ellis et.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance. 8 p. m.
10S4 Bueh gt.. near Leaven worth; 50c.
MRS. VIGARS' test meeting to-night. 148
Sixth »t.. room 32; sittings daily.
EDWARD EARLE'S grand test seance to-
nlght. 22S Ellin Bt. 8 o'clock.
MKKTI.XGS Inivomal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society (non-political and unsectarian)— Lodge
No. 7 will give its monthly entertainment and
Greek symposium. "The Conquest ot Death,"
next Thursday. 8 p. m.. at U. B. Hall, 310
O'Farrell Bt; meeting to-night for members
only.
MEETING KOT1CKS. ~~
BAN FRANCISCO Consistory ' _
No. L Ancient and Accepted
Scottish Rite cf Freemasonry /Sy£v&r?*\
— you are commanded to p.s- W'fflfjjjjPv'M
nemble at Commandery Hall, lyj' Mf" tb3
. Masonic Temple. SUNDAY, {rL-^MkL-L *!
June S, 1901, at 12 o'clock m., •
to take part In the funeral ob-
sequies of our late brother,
EGISTO C. PALMIERI. 32d decree.
FRANK B. LADD, Master of the Kadosh
HENRY BURNER, Registrar.
GODFREY DE ST. OMAR Coun- mwi
- dl No. 1 Ancient and Accepted n ffr
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry — fip 1 £| jj|
You are commanded to assemble MB PEERS
zit Commandery Hall, Masonic 1=7 !P-=?fci
Temple. SUNDAY, June 9. 1901. B 1 —
at 12 o'clock m., to take part laNfel
In the funeral obsequies of our • ~
late brother* EGISTO C. PALMIERI 32d
degree. CHARLES L. PATTON, Preceptor.
HENRY BURNER. Recorder.
YEBBA BUENA Chapter No. 1. ~
Knights Rose Crolx, Ancient and (I
Accepted Scottish . Rite of Free- , — IJ, — >
masonry— You are commanded to __§>— J
assemble at Commandery Hall, m
Masonic Temple. SUNDAY, June 1/1
t. 1901. at 12 o'clock m.. to take IV I
part in the funeral obsequies of ¦ | I
our late brother, EGISTO C
PAlrMIERI. 22d degree. '
HENRY APCROFT. Wise Master.
HENBY BURNER, Secretary.
KNOW your fate; Mme. • Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
falls; readings. 60c. 1203 Mission st. cor. 8th:
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason St., medium and
¦ palmist; teaches mind telegraphy and gives
• advice ' on all business; hours ¦ 12 to 8. "...
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and i palmist,
gives- names, facts, dates; .satisfaction by
mall; Inc. stamp. 1382 Mrket, op.' Odd Fellows.
WONDERFUL clairvoyant: what he tells comes
'true: send 10c and birthday. PROF. JOHN
MYERS, Lincoln Park Station, Chicago,
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant water
reader. 11. €th ; German spoken : tel.Howard. 1846
WANTED— First-class trimmer.- Apply milli-
nery department HALE BROS.; No. 979 Mar.
ket st.. Tuesday between 5 and 6 p. m.
WANTED— Two bright, well dressed ladles;
suitable and remunerative employment. Call
11 to 12 to-day, room 731 California Hotel. -
BATH CABINETS.
BATH CABINETS; ROBINSON. Niagara. Per-
fection and others. Apency. 426 Ellis St.. S F.
BICYCLES For Sale or Cxrliunge.
WANTED— Good second-hand bicycle: cheap;
Ftate price and particulars. Box 4269. Call.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREX
BERKELET lady would take children to
board: best care. Address 2127 Prince St.,
; Ashby station.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 246 Clementina st.
A GOOD country home for children with best
of care. 923 Forty-sixth st. Oakland.
: OR 3 children to board, week or menth: best
rv-e -»,-r"v vs»T->'-nr.!=c->'«ol:rt»asonnble.1fi07 Cal.
JILSINKSS CMAXCES.
AAA— $-600— Printing business; clears $100 rr.o.
£1000 — Grocery and bar; lo\v. rent; pays well.
S650 — Notions, school supplies; very cheap.
$1200— Cigar stand; down town; long lease.
?S00— Partnership; large profits; no store.
$6000— Fine country' grocery.
We have a large number of different busl-
neftsot for sale from $150 to $12.0C0. Call in
and see what we can offer you. WALTER
HAYES & CO.. S3S Market st.
, A — WE have buyers for cigar store, $1000:'
saloon, $4000 to $5000; barber shops. $500 and
SHOO; general business. 1600 and $1000. List
your business with us; no charge for adver-
tising. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market.
i FOR sale— Stationery store and laundry office, 2
living rooms; laundry pays rent. T. J. MAY,
€3S Market st.
FOR sale— Vegetable, fruit and poultry store,
horse and wagon, 5 furnished rooms; cheap
rent. T. J. MAY. €38 Market st.
FOR sale— Lots In East Bakersfleld.. $50 to $75,
on monthly payments. T. J. MAY, 638 Mar-
ket Bt.
ARE you ambitious to get into a legitimate,
profitable business of your own without capi-
tal? Here Is an opportunity; write us. Inclos-
ing 25c, stamps or silver, for plan. Excelsior
Company, 727 Market st.
A— $1500— Saloon; the best in Sacramento.
$100 — Restaurant and chophouse.
$950 — Grocery and bar; clean stock.
$200 — Bakery, notions, etc., with rooms.
California Business Assn'n, 865V4 Market.
$2000— A SELECT rooming-house on main
i street; pays well: furniture nearly new; fully
occupied; rent $100; clears $90 per month.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
YOU can be »ulted in any kind of business by
calling at office. *
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market St..
near Fifth. Phone, Mint 1911.
A— $275; CIGAR stand; No. 1 location; rent $15;
receipts $10 day. STRAND & KAISER. 203
Kearny 'st.
1100 — COFFEE and chop house; bargain; sick-
ness cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777H Market st.
Pacific Real Estate Co.. 765 Market: real bar-
gains in restaurants, saloons, groceries, cigars,
Etationery, bakeries, etc. Call and Investigate.
WANTED— Manager for brpnch office of old
established corporation ; J1200 a year and ex-
penses, besides liberal commissions; Invest-
ment of JSOO tor stock required; start on sal-
ary Immediately; write for particulars; ref-
erences given and required. Manager, 1170-
1190 Monon building, Chicago, 111.
A PATEK PHILLIPE repeating watch; strikes
hours, halves, quarters, minutes: 18-carat
hunting-case; new modei Tiffany, New "York,
make; cost $500; sell, less than half. Box
ZZ1H. Call offlce.
I WANT a good reliable State agent in Oregon,
Nevada and Arizona; $250 will put you in an
Al business; clearing $1800 to 12500 per year.
Call or address J. W., 221 Parrott building.
RESPONSIBLE business man with $2500 or
more; manufacturing and contracting busi-
ness, yearly profits very large; thoroughly In-
vestigate. Address box 2253. Call offlce, Oakld.
DRUG etore for.eale; In San Francisco;^ cen-
tral location; doing over $20 per day; price
$2100 cash; fine chance for M_ D. Particu-
lars address box 4258, Call office.
ROUND trip <2 days) free If misrepresented;
rich gold deposits; dividends sure; money
urgent, finish ditch; shares nominal. Box
4268. Call offlce. , .-¦'..
WE have some select oil land In Devil Den
district which must be sold. Further Infor-
mation West Coast Investment Co., Phelan
building.
CAPITAL— $500 to $5000 Invested: we will guar-
antee to Increase the amount one-fourth in
12 months. Address box 4263, Call offlce. ¦
CIGAR store, excellent location; live man can
clear over $300 monthly; $1700 cash; prlncl-
palg only. Address box 4225. Call offlce. .'¦
TAILOR shop— Must be sold; propretor must
go East; fine location; sold at a bargain.
Apply on premises. 465 Valencia st
FOR sale — 43 Van Ness ave.: first-class liquor
store; large basement and living rooms
Residence S47 Hayes st.
A NO. 1 place for butcher, harnessmaker or
shoemaker; email capital. Address box H,"
1096 Valencia.
FOR sale— Grocery and liquor store; owner
leaving for Europe. 3891 Twenty-fifth et
TO exenange— Alaska developed mines for
property or business. 303% Turk st
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.minlng.mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hell.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Fanell st.
100 WOMEN experienced In making ladies' un-
derwear at home. BAUER BROS.. 21 San-
" some st. ,'.'¦- • * - . .
A FEW experienced operators to work In fac-
. tory on underwear. BAUER BROS., 21 San-
some st
A FEW experienced operators and a number
¦ of bright girls to learn. STANDARD SHIRT
'» FACTORY, Goueh and Grove 8ts.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the . university, law and medical
colleges; reference*, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ',-• "
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. J30; Individual
. instruction; positions tfecurpd; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S.'F.— Bookkeeping. Miorthnnd, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. : day
& night sefslons: new SO-page catalogue free.
WANTED— Bright, capable lady to travel and
appoint agents: must be in good health, un-
Incumbered and furnish first-class references;
salary, $100 per month and all expenses; po-
sition permanent; no experience necessary.
Sales department. 900 Star bldg. Chicago.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50: catalogue.
EDUCATIONAL.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
MoDOWKLI.. Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st. •
DKESS.MAKKK* A.M> SKAMSTRKSSBS
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H.-G.
YOUNG. 1341 Pnlk st.
AT the Woman's Educational and Industrial
Union, 7 Van Ness ave., English. French.
Spanish, German. - violin, mandolin. guitar
and banjo, hair dressing, manicuring, millin-
ery, dressmaking, painting and elocution
taught for $1 50 per month; singing taught
for $1 per month.
WANTED — Pastry cook for restaurant. $35;
cook. German style, no wash. $35; cook, 2
in family, San Mateo, $30, see party Mon-
day 1 o'clock;' cook, 4 in family, city, $30;
7 • waitresses for nice summer ! resorts, fare
pnld; $20. $23: 1 girls for work in laundry,
$23. $45; 60 housework girls for city and coun-
try: 5 second girls, city, $20, $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Ft., corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c N.Y: Dentists, 969 Mission et", cor. 6th.
A— I. F. T. BIBLE Spiritual Church— Meetings,
909 Market St.. 11 o'clock, free; 2:30 and 8 p.
m., 10c. Mr. Sware, Seeley, Maxwell, others.
5 GOOD cooks for city $23 to $30
8 housework girls, city $25
6 girls for Oakland J25
5 housework girls for Alameda $20 to 125
5 second girls, city and country S20 to $25
9 light housework girls $15 to $20
Several girls to assist ; also nurseglrls.
MISS HORGAN. 323 Sutter at.
JOHN SLATER— Wonderful platform test me-
dium; grand test seance to-night, 8:15 sharp;
Scottish Hall. 107 Larkin st.; tests, messages.
full names, questions answered ; admission 10c.
TWO or three women for alterations on cloaks,
etc.. for store, city. Apply C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. . - • .
DR. R. L. WALSH.Slo^Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkllS5.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. G Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments: lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, 14; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, trake plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices. OfHce
1141 Polk St., corner Sutter; open Sundays.
AA— DR. JOHN A. KERGAN lectures this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. W>9
Market ft.: subject, "Catarrh as the Mother
of Consumption," to be followed by maenifi-
cent views nf a summer outing in England.
Those attending may procure tree tickets to
X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium next Tues-
day eevning. Seats free. No collection.
3IEETIXGS — SLXDAY.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $5: full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 21 Sixth.
HOME of Truth 'Practical Christianity). 1231
Pine Et., near Hyde— Sunday services at 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Weekly meetings, Mon-
day, S p. m.; Tuesday, 3 p. m.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
night at 8 o'clock in Odd Fellows' building,
by Mrs. A. M. Best: subject, "Sacrifice."
$45— SUNNY corner; Jackson and Taylor; 8
rooms, bath; view.
$27 50 — Sunny corner; Market and Noe;« &
rooms and bath; new. W. H. CRIM & CO.,
118 Montgomery st.
$40—1277 O'FARRELL st, near Octavia, a sun-
ny modern upper flat. 8 rooms and bath.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE &. CO.. 218-220
Montgomery st.
ELEGANT new flat 1935 O'Farrell st, bet
Pierce and 8cott, 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery at-
CHERRY, 111, bet. Washington and Jackson—
4 rooms and bath, $12; water free. Inquire
127 Golden Gate ave.
NINETEENTH, 3984. corner Noe— Lovely low-
er 4-room modern flat. $15; water free. Key
3978 Nineteenth St. .- •
! APPLY at 1722 Howard st for flat of 6 rooms;
; very sunny; 3 front; water free; rent 117.
FINE modern flat to let; rent low. 3981 Twen-
ty-flfth st, near Sanchez. - .
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms; yard and cellar; rent
$14. 262 Octavia st.
FLAT to let-2505% Howard st: lower flat. 5
rooms, bath; warm belt; rent $12.
HAIGHT. 459B, near Flllmore— Flat of 4 sunny
rooms; yard and basement; $12.
FLAT, 5 rooms, bath, yard, cellar; $15. 25 Lloyd
St., between Scott and Devisadero.
HYDE, 1722^ — 5 sunny rooms; all modern Im-
provements; rent $22. •
MODERN upper flat, 6 rooms and bath. , 536
Central ave.. near Hayes st
MODERN, sunny, upper flat: clean and com-
fortable; 6 Ewer place, off Mason; $16.
MODERN sunny lower flat 5 rooms and bath;
rent $20. .1708 Waller st. -
PINE, 2617, nr. . Dev.— New, sunny bay window
flat. 7 rooms and bath; all late Improvements.
RENT $9— Sunny flat of 3 rooms. 1328 Jesale
st., off Herman.
SHRADER, 723— Elegant upper flat, 9 rooms
and bath, $35; nearly new.
STEINER. 620, bet. Hayes and Fell— Nice
sunny flat, 8 rocms and bath; rent $37 50.
SUNNY bay-window corner flat, 7 rooms, bath.
1S76 Fifteenth st. near Dolores.
SUNNY lower flat 4 rooms; bath and yard.
1111 Jones st.. near California. ¦
FURNISHED flat 5 rooms and flat 13S# Castro
st. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall square.
4-ROOM flat and bath; all modern Improve-
ments. 3442 Twentieth st.. northeast cor. Capp.
4-ROOM* flat: large yard and stable. 2 Hay-
ward st., near Eighth.
FLATS TO LET Furnished. '
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1317— Upper flat, fur-
nished, 4 rooms, bath; garden; nice home; $25.
ELEGANT furnished flat, 5 rooms, bath. 1221
Laguna gt, corner Ellis.
FLATS FOR. SALE: ¦FURNISHCP.
FOR sale— Newly furnished flat of 4 rooms
and bath at 411 Ellis st.. near Jones. j
Ft'HMTUHK FOR SALE. ¦ : i
FOR sale cheap— Nicely furnished flat of four
rooms, with privilege of renting flat. 521
Franklin st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURMTUHH WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; pbone Jessie 2071.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny, buys &
bells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets.etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st: tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 92S Howard st
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
- price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer — L. Vincent, 1303 Larkin; tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CH AS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
..pianos, etc. 1135 Market st: tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S3.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
5 waitresses, Santa Cruz $20
2 waitresses, rtsort, see party here 20
Head waitress, small country hotel 25
Waitress, small country hotel 25
Waitress, south, fare paid 23
2 waitresses, north, fare paid 20
6 waitresses, city '. 20
Restaurant waitresses, per week 7
Mangier, city, per week 6
Ironers, manglers and apprentices for steam
laundry ¦ across the bay, for non-union laun-
dry; wages $23 to $43: union hours. . .
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, house eirls. second girls, nurse girls
for private families, city and country; best of
wages; also ranch cooks, etc. ..
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
THE First Mental Science Temple hold their
regular meeting in Cclden Gate Hall. 625 Sut-
ter st., at 11 a. m. Eugene Del Mar of New
Tork will lecture on "All Is Good." Do not
miss the opportunity to hear this great reas-
oner. Good music provided. Peats free. Col-
lection will be made to pay expense of hall.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions , or fillings by- my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
13 rooms; corner: a snap; rent $50 $500
16 rooms; must sell for 500 j
IS rooms; rent $50; only 800 |
20 rooms; corner: rent $65 1330 j
32 rooms; rent $40; clears $100 1230 !
60 rooms; rent $65; for 1200
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for It
In monthly payment*
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market
FISHER & CO., 935 Market st.. opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $S00; 35 rooms, price $140.).
24 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $',50.
26 rocms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms; finely furnished; rent $30; $500.
If a bargain, we have them at any price.
18 ROOMS on Pine St.. price $450.
9 rooms on Minna St., price $250.
14 rooms on Taylor st.. price $700.
19 rooms on Grant ave.. price $150n.
Eureka Real Estate, 28 Sixth st.
THE largest and best list of lodging houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Mo. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1911.
A BARGAIN if sold this week; 14 sunny rooms
and bath; all rented: also 7 rooms and bath
near City Hall. Inquire at 335 Third st.
LEAVENWORTH,- 720, near Sutter— A room-
ing house of 10 rooms and bath, furnished,
for sale. Apply in afternoon.
FOR SALE — Sunny corner lodging house: 15 :
rooms: one block north Market; rent $50; price !
$550. Box 4277. Call. j
10 ROOMS; finely house; $730. 303
Jones Bt. .
. SPIRITUALISM. '
sralTi^Jlwm'TNEY—^
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam- I
ines ore; oil locations: medical clairvoyant:
treats cures slekf cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, rr. Gough ; EIHs-
Bt. car; fiit., $1; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. WHEELER, medium— If you are In trouble
see me: business and love affairs; readings
dally 10 to 4; circles Tues., Thurs.. Sat_ and
Sun.. S p. m. 305 Larkin. r. 87-SS. 4th floor.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak Ft— Circles Tue«-
day and Friday, 8 p. m. ; Wednesday. 2:30
p. m.. 10c: reading daily, fOc.
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c. Mon. & Frl. eves..
8:15; Wed. afternoon. 2:43: sittings dally, 10
to 4, except Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic. '. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
et. ; tel. Howard 2711 ; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. H. A. DUNHAM, business and test me-
dium; many years' exper. 14 McAllister, r. 35.
MRS. LESTER, 148 Sixth, rm. 12; cir. every
eve., 10c; except devel. cir., Friday eve., 25c.
Mrs Gilllngham, hrs. 1 to 5; circles Sun., Wed.,
Frl.. 10c, 305 Larkin. Wed..Sat',Oakld.,532 22d.
EDWARD EARLK, ?28 Ellis st.— Readings
dally; seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, card
reader and healer. 146 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 1027& Mar-
ket St.. room 1, second floor.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 136 West Mission st.
nr. 13th— Circle Frl. eve., 25c; sittings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night: 10c.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. Druid
Temple, Folsom and Fourteenth sts.— Preach-
ing at 11 a. m. and 7:43 p. m. Morning hour
preaching by Elder Keeler. This church was
organized by command of God to preach the
restored gosrel as a "sign" of the coming
of Christ to judge the world. All Invited.
Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 233 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROFODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains: mini*?* cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Putter.
, COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE "W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less fiuccefsful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent— Complete furnished cottage, four
rooms, piano, front garden, for six or twelve
months. 1C56 McAllister st., near Webster^
TO let— 5 room and bath cottage. 918 Diamond
bt. ; open to-day.
$15— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath: lot 110; chlcken-
house; fine garden, etc. IDS I-iaidley st.
— COTTAGES FXmSALE.
FOR sale — Nice cottage, 4 rooms, bath; every
convenience. 529 Sixth ave., nr. Park, Rich-
mond. — •
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— Cottage or three rooms; healthy
situation; mountain side or near lake. Ad-
dress CALDER, S26 Union St., New Or-
leans, La. .
DECORATORS.
BIDS will be received by the undersigned for
the erection of a "Welcome Arch" on Market
St.. between Third and Seventh, for the event
of. the international convention of the Ep-
wcrth league, to be held in San Francisco
. July 13 to 21. Inclusive. v Designs must accom-
' pany all bills. The committee reserves the
right to reject any and all bids: Bids must
be filed not later than June 15. Information
may be obtained from
GEORGE NORTON,
Chairman Committee on Decorations,
836 Howard st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-,
ket st., cor. 4th, rm 7, ' Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. *J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter St.. between Kearny st. and
«3ra.nt ave. — Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. in.; subject. "Sacrament." Sunday
echool for children at the same hour. Wed-
nesday evening meeting at fc o'clock. Free
reading-room, 206 Kearny st.. rocm 510. All
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
WINSTON & WOLF.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stcckton.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason Fts.— Rt-v. George C Adams, D. D..
pastor, will preaon at both services. At 11
a. m.. theme. "A Ulessirs for the Pwir." At
7:45 p. m., theme. "A B1 easing Asked. Re-
ceived and Abused." All are cordially in-
vited.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ASTROLOGY.
SCIENTIFIC teacher of astrology and palmis-
try: horoscopes, 50c and $1. MRS. DR.
SMITH. 10C4 Market St.
J FELTIER. asphalt roofing. *ldewalk« re-
nflirpdrnnstal. HSfi Mission: tel. Folsom 1TO7.
ASPITALTl'M ROOFING.
CAVALRY and St. John's Presbyterian churches
worship together at corner of California and
Octavia sts. Service? at 11 a. m. and 7:1J
p. m. Rev. Georgs G. Eldridge will preach;
tch'XJl and Mr. Johnston's Bible class
at 12:30; Christian Endeavor at 6:30; Wednes-
day evening service at S o'clock. All cor-
dially invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento Ft.— Rev. R. Mackenzie,
D. D., and Rev. W. H. Guthrie. ministers.
Service 11 a. m.. Rev. Robert Mackenzie will
preach; 7:45 p. m.. i>rais=e service. Rev. Mr.
Guthrie will preach: Sabbath f-chools at 12:S0
a. m.; Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:30
p. m. ; mid-v.-pek meeting, Wednesday, at S
p. m. Mr. Guthrie's resMence. 2C23 Pacific
ave.; telorh^ne. Jackson !-71.
SOMETHING new; fast seller: easily handled;
small capital. Particulars write or call DUN-
DEE MFG. CO.. 40S4 Grove Ft.. Oakland.
AGFNTS — Do you want something- more profit-
able and easier to fell than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bid?.
WANTED— Every newsboy to sell copies of the
latest comedy. "The Police Commissioner of
Czarville": big profits. For copies call at
procery, NW. cor. Greenwich and Baker sts.
UNITARIAN Chureli (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth st?.— Rev. E. F. Dinsmore,
minister; residence S2-5 Capp St. Sunday
school. 9:45 o'clock. Morning theme, "A Lib-
eral Church." The evening sermon will be
by Rev. Jay William Hudson, subject. "Are
A\> in the Twentieth Century or the Six-
teenth?"
GIRL for general houseworki good home; $15-
per month. Box 4267. Call offlce. ' <¦ .
WANTED-Good flnlsber on pants; call Mon-
day. 104 Kearny st., top floor.
WANTED— Apprentice girl at E. MESSA-
GjSR'S, 14S Pest st. ¦ .
WAITRESS— This morning for restaurant.
Apply 631 EII13 st . <
WANTED— Girl to work In shooting gallery;
wages $1 per ilay. 125 Dupont st.
GIRL label bottles, etc.; drug store; wages *4
to $5 week. Apply- 110 Grant are. .
FINISHERS wanted on cloaks at 935 Market
rft., room 9. *
FIRST-CLASS talloress . on pants. 736 Minna
, street. - ' ' -
A YOUNG girl in small family; good home;
wages $3 per week. Box 4292. Call offlce.
PART time of stenographer for use ot nice
office and machine; extra cash work, call at
9. 12:30 or 6. room 727 Emma SpreckeU blrtg.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— 100 girls. Apply to Long Syrup Re-
flnlng Co.. Eighth and Brannan sta.
WAITRESS wanted. 631 Clay st
IF you have done hand sewing In a tailor shop
you will find good paying work at Levl
Strauss & Co.'b Overall Factory, 32£ Fremont
et. Apply to Mr. Pavts until further notice.
GIRL to learn vest maklns and go couple er-
rands; <3 to start. 766 Geary at.
GIRLS and boys wanted. Apply American Can
Company, corner Seventh and Townaend sta.
WANTED— Good cook; no washing. 2030 Sev-
enteenth at. ' __
WANTED— Girl for general housework; no
washing; good wages. 306 E. lath st. E. Oak.
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught In 2 wks.;
entire course *5; positions guaranteed: big sal-
ary at start. Halrdresslng College; 674 Geary.
OPERATORS -wanted at Levt Strauss & Co.'»
overall factory. 22H Fremont »t Apply to
MR. DAVIS. -
FINISHERS on vests.. BELASCO & HARRI3
CO.. 541 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and iubscriptlons
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st
HELP TVA 3rrK O~ ~\';*5t5:.. -r^-i™
A^MURRAT & READY..:... Phone, Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
Los Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions....
FREE FARE FREE FARE
A carload of laborers for the above divisions
for 'section, rock and steel gangs: ship to- '
night; wages SI 75 to $2 25 day; offlce fee. ft
We ship morning and night to Ukiah....
75 laborers and teamsters, Ukiah
$2 day. free far©
FOR A NEW SAWMILL CO.
25 laborers, no experience required, to worlc
in the mills, yards and woods: steady Job
year round $35 to $S5 and found
FARE PAID— To another sawmill— WE SHIP
TO-DAY— 10 laborers, no experience required.
$26 and found, fare paid ....-
MECHANICAL HELP.
23 carpenters, different jobs, J2 to $3 day and
found; iriachlne blacksmith, $3 50 to $4 day
4 coopars, and coopers' helper. $2 25 to $2 50 day
1 horseshoers, country shops and camps
$3 and $2 50 day and found
15 blacksmiths, shops and ranches
J3 50 and $3 day
$40. $50 and $60 and found. 4 blacksmith, help-
ers; safe maker, $2 50 to $3 day; carrlaga
painter
MUCKERS MINERS LABORERS
10 more strong laboring men to do mucking
or shoveling-, mine $73
25 machine, single-hand miners and drillers..
E0 laborers, no experience required, for differ-
ent mines, $30, $34, $!0 and $60 and found; 4
miners for an asphalt mine
HARVEST FIELDS. FARMS AND DAIRIES
150 haymakers, run mowers.. Jl 23 to $1 75 day
10 header wagon drivers and harvest hands..
48 teamsters and farmers, orchards, ranch
and vineyards $26, $30, $33 and $40
Farmer and wife, $S5; 27 choremen and boys,
$15 to $30
43 milkers, cheese and butter makers $33
MISCELLANEOUS.
Man to drive delivery, work In country store,
J30; 5 fruit pickers. $3C: 10 stablemen, buggy
washers and ho3tlers, $30, $35 and $40; 2 young
men for machine shop. $150 day; Catholic
dairy man. institution; a crosscut sawyers.
HcnEijS ".'.'.' i^\iJi<i>RiEs'''.'.'.'.'.sXicEiiiE3
Second bread baker, country. $15 wk.. half
fare paid; 5 bakers, $40 and $50; head waiter,
country hotel; marker and distributor; polish-
er Tyler machines, $35 and found: laundry-
man, country hotel: cooks, orchards; ranch,
hay and harvest crews; cook. $30; 4 butchers;
kitchen help, etc.
MURRAY & READY.. 634-638 Clay st.
A— TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
Office open 7 a. m..
At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
For New Railroad Work
50 teamsters, ship to-night, free fare. Truckee
50 laborers, ship to-night, free fare, Truckee .
ICO tunnelmen, drillers and muckers.. $3, $2 50
For Chatsworth Park, ship to-night free fare
50 laborers, ballasting track. Coast road
Laborers. Santa Barbara and L. A. divisions
Ship to-night Free fare. Ship to-night
50 teamsters, ship dally, free fare Ukiah
5o laborers, ship dally, free fare ..Ukiah
6 lumber pliers, country sawmill. $33 and
board, see boss here; 10 swampers and bark-
ers. $35; 10 laborers for a mine. $2 a day: :
6 asphalt miners, $2 a day: blacksmiths, $3
' and $2 50 a day; 6 coopers, slack work; gar-
• dener, good greenhouse man, country, $33 and
found; farmers, milkere. choremen and
others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Roast cook, country hotel, $70; third cook and
fryer, resort, $50 and fare paid; broiler and
third cook, country hotel, $30; second cook
and baker, resort. $50; second cook, country
hotel. $35 and fare advanced; waffleman.
country hotel. $40; potwasher, country hotel.
$35; potwasher, springs, $25; second cooks.
fryers and broilers. $65. $60 and $50; assistant
sllvcrman, country hotel. $25.
Head waiter for grill room, hotel, north,
$75; waiter for club, country, $40; 6 waiters,
country hotels. $30 and $25: assistant porter,
springs $20; Indoor servant, $30 to $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st. .
A— 2 WAITERS for a railroad camp. |25 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
AT the CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AG'CY.
69 Third St.; phone Bush\405.
50 railroad laborers. $1 75 to $2 25 per day.
Free Fare! Free Fare! Free Fare*
1Q men for mills and woods, free fare.
4 redwood tlemakers. lie free fare.
4 men to cut wood, pli.e, 4 ft., $1 25 per cord.
4 men to make posts. $3 per hundred.
8 lumber pliers, $33 to $40 per mo. and board
5 rough carpentsrs, $2 CO per day.
10 men for harvest fields, $2 per day.
10 men for haying. $1 25 to $2 per day.
20 laborers, rear city, S3 per day.'
10 laborers, $14 per week, steady Job.
Teamsters, drillers, $2 25 per day.
Offlce open to-day (Sunday) till 11a.m.
WANTED— Fifty laborers, R. R. work. J frea
fare; 25 laborers for mills and woods, fare
paid; 25 woodchoppers; 20 laborers, near city.
$2 day; 50 teamsters for R. R. work, free
fare; numerous others on hand. S. F. £M-
PLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st. room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1178.
SHOEMAN WAXim
SHOEMAN WANTED.
Large manufacturing house wants traveling
man of experience to sell widely advertised
line of boots and shoes on commission: good
territory. Address, with references, box 2229.
Boston. Mass. * .
JOBBING carpenter to do house work; one
who haa his own shop and does his own work;
to do repairs on houses. Address Chips, with
references. Call branch, 527 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS jewelry salesman for city store
(open evening?); must understand diamonds:
\ state previous experience; a rood, permanent
position to right man. Box 4231, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED travelers for city and coun-
try: good salary. Addresa Traveler, care
California Notion and Toy Co.. 524 Market st.
DISCHARGED volunteer .soldiers of good ap-
pearance can find employment by calling: at
635 Kearny st Monday morning.
WANTED— A young man between the age of
16 and 13 years as stock clerk. Apply at S.
N. WOOD & CO.. 713 Market at
A YOUNG man who has had experience In sell-
ing hats ;• state salary and references. Ad-
dress box. 4293. Call offlce.
WANTED— Hotel clerk: must have references:
also several waiters at the Golden West
Hotel. 68-76 Ellis st ,. ¦ < . .
2 EXPERIENCED canvassers to sell Babbitt'*
- soap. Apply 121 California st Monday morn-
Ing. 7:30. ..-¦¦•» -' . .- r
BLACKSMITH wanted: good general work-
* man and shoer. H. HORTON. Rutherford,
Cal. . :
SHOEMAN TV'ANTED. '
SHOEMAN 'WANTED.
Large manufacturing house wants traveling
man of experience to sell widely advertised
/ line of boots and shoes on commission; good
territory." "Address, with references, box 2229.
Boston, Mass. -j .. ¦
BARBER wanted: steady work: $12 guaranteed.
-.' FRITZ. 1128 , J st, ¦ Sacramento. CaL
GOOD * all-around : grocery • clerk ; " city expert-
ence necessary; give reference. Box 4334,' Can.
A— MARION GRIFFIN. The Real Estate Agent.
719 Market St., rooms 1 & 2; bv the Call bldK.
16 rooms; 2 flats n. of Mkt: clear $76. ...$1000
8 rooms; G. G. ave.; rent $40; new furn.;
Moquette cpts.; \k cash: income, $58.... 425
4S rooms; 2 floors: rent $125: fine corner.. 1S00
25 rooms; easy terms: velvet and Brussels
cpts; hair mattresses; clears S95 over all 2000
21 rooms; rent $75; profit $60 over all.... 1001
50 rms.; hotel; elevator; clears 53000 yearly 6030
A. CAMERON & Co..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
62 rooms; rent $135; well fur.; reduced.... $3250
45"rooms; rent only $125; clears $225; good
location; fur.; carpets: Investigate 4000
50 rooms: rent '$125: 2-year lea.se; hard-
wood fur.; perm., transient roomers; 20.
front rocms 1S00
15 rooms; rent $37 50; part cash; good.... 900
18 rooms: rent $47; brick buildlns: good
fur., cpts: reduced to make quick sale 425
25 rooms; rent $110; fine location 900
S8 rooms; cor.; rent only $125: located cen-
ter business part city of Stockton; best
paying house in city; elegant fur.;
clears $275 30OC
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair; will
not irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
pkin- personal demonstrations free: aeents
wanted. Ontario Chein. Co.. ascy.. 426 Ellis.
$CSS PROFIT first month by one agent selling
Improved Dry Powder Fire Extinguisher;
patented all parts of the world: exclusive
control. FIRE APPLIANCE. 156 East 23d
St., New York City.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest cpr-
ner Geary and Frar.klin sts.— Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, minister: Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minis-
ter emeritus; Charles A. Murd^ck. superin-
tendent Sun Jay schcol— The Sunday school
is at 10 o'clock; the morning service is at 11
o'clock. Professor Burt Estes Howard of
Stanford Ur.ivers=it> will preach. Sunday
school closed during school vacation. Music
by quartet choir. All are coriially Invited.
There is r.o evening service.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mffr.. 3S-40 Sth st; tel. South 2oO.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146. _^___
AGENTS to handle as side line the best check
hook In the market; no competitor; sells at
sight: our agents have made a success with
this hook: "samples on application: those
calling on harness and hardware trade pre-
ferred. CLINTON CHECK HOOK CO., Clin-
ton, Wls. •¦
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth Ft.: tel. Jpssie 1061.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: price-
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351.
CFNTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion St.. between Sixth and Seventh— Chil-
dren's day services. Dr. S. D. Hutsinpiller
will baptize children and preach at U o'clock
on the topic. "t»od and the Children." At
!2:4o, exercises by the children in Sunday
School. At 6:30. Young People'* Society meet-
ing. At S r>'elix?k. worship and preaching
by Dr. Hutsinpilier on the topic, "Near
Things."
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleanincr Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood of Stationary
Firemen meet every THURSDAY EVE., at 8
o'clock sharp, at 1159 Mission st. near Sth.
CARPET BEATIXO AND CLKAMNO.
WHEN you become dissrusted with poor work
send to SPAL'I.DING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach at
11 a. m. At 7:45 p. m. Mrs. 1. C. Davis of
New York will conduct the closing meeting
of the King's Daughters' Convention of
Northern California and will lead a conse-
cration service Splendid music by the choir,
under the direction ot I. E. Blake. Seats
free. All invited.
CAPE SOME.
NOME and Teller City, sailing July 15; limited
number of passenprers: last steamer this
month. C. F. MOORE, E35 Market St., rm. 6.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection .
No. 1, Ancient and Accepted Scottish tr
Rite of Freemasonry— You are com- A
manded to assemble at Commandery
Hall, Masonic Temple. SUNDAY. CSfev
June 9. 19ul, at 12 o'clock m.. to take part In
the funeral obsequies of our late brother,
EGISTO C. PALMIERI, 32d degree.
HENRY ASCROFT, Venerable Master.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. O. F. -^mUllfu.
— Officers and members are hereby 4§j5?2S55f=
notified to assemble at the hall -^SsfWe*-
THIS DAY (SUNDAY), at 12 -^">^
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, B. PALMIERI.
MARK A. DEVINE, N. G.
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec.
TWENTY-THIRD annual excursion a
and picnic given by the Austrian KSeSgS
Military and Benevolent Associa- WMJfigi?
tion to be held at Glenwr>od Park. fE2J5
Santa Cruz Mountains, on SUN- """
DAY. June 16. 1901. Round trip. $1. Includ-
ing admission to the park; children under 12
years, 50c. The association leaves at 8:45
a. m. boat, narrow gauge depot, foot of
Market st.; a good time Is promised for all.
COMMITTEE.
FOURTH of July. Shell Mound Park, * «y >.
Berkeley— Nineteenth annual path- 3, \my/2
ennp and games of the San Fran- itoJaL*^
Cisco Scottish Thistle Club; new "•*-'-•
features; great programme.
GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATEKSON. Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from A. Lundberg, in the
Joseph Thomas mine, at Plymouth. Amador
County, to deposit tailings In Indian Creek,
and from S. I. Plmmons et als.. in the Vic-
tor placer mine, in Negro Canon, Sierra
County to deposit tailings In Charcoal or
Necro Creek, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room S9. Flood building. San
Francisco. Cal.. on June 24, 1901. at 1:30 p. m.
AT THE STRANGERS" SABBATH HOME
(6*5) Howard St. Methodlst-Episcop* 1
Chuich Bet. ad & jd Sts. Seats Free.
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
yRes. by the Church. Tel. Black 9^.
nn«nf°rt«bleseat )
A I 1 1 lurteous greeting > Await y«
**. • ¦ « r ., 11 A. M.— •'The Duty Next to
Jl'jnS 'i Har.d": anthem; offertory: solo by
r celebrated barytone. 12:30. Sun-
jjlUSSffiil i*C ' cay echool and stranpers' Bible
class. 6 p. m.. Epworth League rally. 7:30.
tsong service and sermon. Excellent music:
Antlr-m; offertory duet (alto and soprano)
by Mrs. Henry M. Owens and Miss Flora
Bellinger.
CHURCH SERVICES.
SITUATION wanted by an American, Eastern
lady, as housekeeper for old couple or small
family; companion; nurse, for Invalid or
child, light housework and sewing; good cook;
no incumbrance; can leave city; salary rea-
sonable. , Address MRS. . M. R. JOHNSTON,
,118 Eddy at--..- _^
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes a position
as companion to middle-aged or elderly lady |
of cheerful disposition; will assist with up-
stairs work and plain sewing; wages not less
; than $25. Address M. E. L., 1209 Octavia st.
TRAINED nurse wants position to care for In-
valid or sick person; no objection to leaving
city; doctor's reference. Box 4221. Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes to have work by the
day; washing,' ironing S or, housecleanlng.
Please call 1S31 Pacific st, downstairs.
LADY with small -child wishes work by the
. day. Call 631%B Btevenson st. . . - -
A RESPECTABLE elderly woman wishes place
to do light -housework or care for sick; good
housekeeper. Address 1023 McAllister st,
near Webster. . . •
AN American woman, first-class housecleaner, ¦
wishes work; $1 a - day and car fare. Box
4224. Call office.
WANTED— By Protestant woman, situation as
chambermaid; good references; country pre-
f erred. Address box 4226, Call offlce. -
EXPERIENCED young lady, speaking French
and German, wishes a position for upstairs
work and sewing, waiting at table or care of
grown children; 3 years' city reference; state
name and wages. Box 4266. Call offlce.
FRENCH dressmaker, first class, wishes en-
gagements In families'; tailor-made and even-
ing dresses specialty; satisfaction guaran-
teed. Box 4260, Call offlce. ' ¦
RELIABLE woman wishes a place as cook and
general housework; wages $25. Box 4270, Call.
AS lady's companion; accustomed to travel at
home and abroad; good sailor; references. B.
A.. 421 O'Farrell st . ,
RESPECTABLE young woman as housekeeper
¦for man and wife; with children or nurse.
1635 Felton st, Lorin, Alameda County.
STRONG, good, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
references; wages $1 per day and car fare.
88 Third st.. room 10. upstairs.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter,
sews 75c a day or $4 a week.' M. C. box
4271. Call offlce. '
WANTED— By respectable woman, position as
housekeeper or housework for an old couple:
best reference.' 609 Walnut ave., between
Post and Sutter sts., near Octavia/
WOMAN wants washing or other work to do.
M. REICHOW, 417 Harrison st. ,
DRESSMAKER with the best of references:
engagements by day; fancy or tailor dresses;
work taksn home. 10 Metcalf place, ' near
Mason st, off Geary.
BRIGHT girl, 13 years oid, will take car? of
children and make herself useful. 75 McLea
court, off Xinth st.
A YOUNG woman wishes situation as nurse
fora child; goodjwages. Box 4280, Call. ' J
WANTED— Dressmaking in families; $2 per
day; organdies and wash goods a specialty.
2509 Mission st..' rear.
WANTED— Washing, ironing, or any kind of
housework, by the day. 1648 Mission st, rear.
GOOD reliable girl wishes a place in &rnall
' family for housework; can grlve good city
reference. Address M. G., 300 Hayes st.
A YOUNG lady wishes to take care of a grown
child in an American' family; no objection to
the country. Box 4215, Call offlce.
WANTED — Situation by first-class cook; elderly
English woman. Box 3337, Call offlce.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do cham-
ber work. Call or address 334A Bryant st.
WANTED — Position as companion to elderly
lady, or governess: will also correct manu-
, script and do copying on typewriter. Address
427 Lyon st . ' .
WANTED— Situation as housekeeper; city or
country. 9S8 Howard st
j VERY good, clean" Spanish and French cook;
private family; no washing. Box 4248, Call.
JAPANESE honest, faithful girl wants posl-
tion ill family as houseworker or plain cook-
ing. Box 4249, Call efflce.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late 6f New York,
wishes to go out fpr $2 a day. Apply to MRS.
N. WAHLQUIST. E09 Kearny st
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 BO per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
J and baggage to and from ferry.
1
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. - :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mulling. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— By a married man, as steward for
a mining boarding-house or to manage a
hotel In country; best of reference given; 4
years In last place. Address W. A. M., 516
Van Ness ave.
RELIABLE Jewish young man, with good ref-
erences desires Vposltlon of some kind. Box
4223, Call office. .
GOOD reliable man wants to take care of resi-
dence in absence of owner; best of references.
Box 4242, Call office.
MAN, 27, handy with tools and machinery,
wishes a few hours' employment daily. Ad-
dress box 4262. Call offlce.
WANTED— A position to tend bar by a steady,
I sober man, newcomer. Box 4233, Call offlce.
YOUNG man at present engaged as grocery
clerk would like to change; good reference.
Box 4230. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes situation as second 'or
third hand on bread or cakes In country. Ad-
dress H. F. JANTZEN. 1218 26th at. Oakland.
AM honest. Intelligent and — broke; don't drink,
don't gamble, am all right: need employment;
sweet family. Box 4274. Call offlce.
MAN and wife want situations as cook and
helper In country hotel, or would take care
of private place or small ranch. .Address A.
L., 478 Jessie st.
1
SITUATION wanted by a reliable, sober young I
man to drive del'very wagon;' city references.
Box 4289. Call office.
WANTED— Employment by steady, reliable
1 man' who Is not afraid of work; city or coun-
. try. good references. Address J. O., 46 Rausch.
YOUNG man wants' position in wholesale dry
goods and eenta' furnlshgs. 1008% Market, r. 4.
BRIGHT, honest boy, 13 years old,' wishes situ-
ation in country: used to horses; small wages;
' good home. 308xShotwell st.
YOUNG man, experienced in grocery and bar.
wishes position: understands horses and is
, good driver; speaks English, Portuguese and
' Spanish; references. " Box 4217, Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE young man and wife wish po-
sitions in country hotel as waiter and wait-
ress or waiter and chambermaid; former pre-
ferred. Box '4219, Call offlce. . ; ; ,'
MAN and wife wish positions on a ranch: the
man a good teamster and farm hand, wife %
•good cook. . Address T. D., 1519 Howard st.
GOOD jobbing blacksmith and shoer. married
. and steady, wishes a situatlbn; city or roun-
¦ try; reasonable wages. Address box 4220, Call.
WANTED— Position by a young man' as gar-
dener in a private family or porter In a sa-
loon. Address MEDEIROS, 65 Jackson st.
SITUATION wanted '•: as carriage palnter.-ln
I non-union or country shop, or plain carpenter.
' Address box 4257.'- Call office, -- - . "_¦.
A MIDDLE-AGED man wishes employment of
3 any kind; wages no object. Apply 215 Kearny.
WANTED — By" a : man and wife, places In a
'-gentleman's family; . : .wife an excellent plain
cook; man as coachman or groom; thorough-
ly familiar .with the handling and care of
, horses, etc. ; English; references. Box 4238,
¦'} Call ofHce. , , ', :' . .:.¦'.... '
. WANTED, by competent gardener; thoroughly
'¦> understands ; ' greenhouses, propagating and
- gardening of all kinds; experience unlimited;
! Box 4213. Call.
BARKEEPER, . speaking. English and French,
wculd accept, situation ; to work six or twelve
.hours; .city ' references; Abends 'if required.
.Address box , 3386, Call office. ;.; •':> ¦< \
SITUATION I wanted ' by practical horsebreaker
' to handle , spoiled ; horses , or I unbroken horses;
1 12 years' ; experience. .'Box 4210," Call offlce. ;
• A' BRANCH "offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions r has .; been established at 109$
: Vnlenfta pt. "•" " "*-.-••-'¦'¦*¦'¦ -••¦¦.-' ¦ ¦
SCANDINAVIAN second girl having best of
references wishes .situation. J. F. CROSETT
'& CO., 316 Sutter st. , ' ' ' , 1 ,
SOUND Investments for capitalists.
Hotels for sale.
Lodging-houses.
Grocery stores. I
Hardware stores.
Drug- stores.
Fifty good farms for sale ; some for ex-
change.
. Business property paying 6 per cent net on
Investment
Colony property -from 10 to "25,000 acres;
large list for exchange.
Thirty-page catalogue of California homes.
See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains. 952
Broadway, Oakland.
SMALL restaurant; good business;- $200,' for 3
days only. Box 4281, Call office.
WANTED — To buy a shoe repairing shop. Ad-
dress box 4282, Call office. " ;
A^WELL-ESTABLISHED millinery store for
sale on account of going to Europe. For par-
ticulars apply at store, 587 Geary gt.
A — SELECT butcher business; a choice loca-
tion; will sell cheap, as owner has other
business. Box 4253, Call office.
GREAT chance to secure fine modern store;
good location for any business. 315 O'Far-
rell st., near Mason; see it.
FOR sale— A first-class saloon, doing a good
business; good reason for selling. Address
M., box 239, Petaluma. CaL ' .
FOR sale cheap — A grocery store. 817 Mont-
gomery ave.; proprietor at store.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; good place
for man and wife. 591 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; est. 25 yrs; ;
horse, wagon, cellar, etc. ; rent $50. 1401 Powell.
GOOD outside route for sale on The Call. Ap-
ply at 216 Prospect ave.
$80— COFFEE and chop house; must sell. ¦ Box
4251. Call office.
SMALL, milk business for sale cheap. 949
Thirty-seventh St., Oakland. -•
WINHALL'S candy store, factory; bargain.
2008 Mission st.,one door from Sixteenth. ;
CORNER grocery and bar: good business; large
stock: fine fixtures; 4 living rooms; cause
sickness. Address 748 Brannan st. ._
TO let— Country blacksmith shop, with tools.
Inquire at Elmhurst Exchange, Elmhurst,
near Oakland. ¦ .
MAN with $300 to join party to work placer
claim a,t Cape Nome. Box 2133. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Vniprcla ft. - '
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead- happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess Is possible were it not for a. lack of fore-
sight Into the future. If you are in trouble o£
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
In life, consult ISMAR, for she is a propn-
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come a proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her office, 1143
Market st., opp. . Sixth. By mail threfe ques-
tions answered, $1. Full life reading, ?o. oee
laige ad on page 20. . ¦ '¦/¦>" '¦•
Mrs. Dr. Saylor.queen of clairvoyants and palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c; mail ?1.
1511H Market, op. Van Ness; tel. MintJOg^
MME. WALTERS great card reader; ladies 25c;
gents 50c. 951 .Mission, nr.' 6th; open Sundays.
FOR peace, of mind see Mesmar. the great
clalr.. life reader; truth only. 1152 Mission.
CLEAR diagnosis of oil and mineral lands and
practical advice. Address box 3336. Call offlce.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c: gents 50c. 132 Sixth St. "
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% Jessie st, bet 5th and 6tn.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palml.stry; truth or na pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c un. 5 Fourth st.
HOTEL cook., superior In all branches of cook-
ing,, meats, pastry, ices and creams, wishes a
situation 'in some nearby town or in city.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. ¦ _-
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE or The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— It" Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayee street; open until 9:30 p. m. '
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
22«1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia Ftreet: open until 9 p. ni.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore Ftrwt: open until 9 p. m.
BUSINESS CHANCES ContiTtneil.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE — Con.
FEATHER RENOVATING.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
MEETING NOTICES Continued.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed.
, pnrlfled. Owen McCabe. 870 Mission, cor. 5th.
FINANCIAL.
$500 TO loan on good security. Address Call
office, box 4245. ¦'29
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SPNDAY, JUNE 9, 1901.
REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR SALES.
BALDWIN &' HOWELL.
,, 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
MISSION-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Mission St.; In the business portion; 4-story
¦: and basement brick building; elevator, etc;
pays Sfa per cent net. .. -
, - PARK "FLATS.
Price $6000; rents $600 per year; 2 flatB on Clay-
ton st, near Waller;. lot. 25x106:3. !
- CHEAP MISSION RESIDENCE.-
Price $1900; lot 25x100; 2-story house, 10 rooms
and bath; Rlpleyst, near Folsom and Twen-
ty-eighth.
-^ INCOME-PAYING PROPERTY.
Price $5200; rents |50 50 per month; 4 flats on
Woodward st, near Mission and Fourteenth;
paying bie interest.
PAYING OVER 1 PER CENT PER MONTH.
Price $6750; ..rents $70 per month; lot 50x75;
Ritch st, near Bryant and Third; front and
rear houses. . . : .
PACIFIC HEIGHTS FLATS.
Price $8150;- rents. $900 per. annum; 2 almost
new, thoroughly modern, up-to-date French
flats, containing 6 rooms and bath in lower
and 7 rooms and bath with 3 rooms in attic
in upper flat; large lot, 25x110; Devlpadero
st, near Washington; best flats offered on
the market to-day.
CALIFORNIA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Price $7500; rents $66 per month; 4 flats of 4
and & rooms and bath each; northwest corner
of California and Laurel sts.
CLINTON PARK RESIDENCE.
Price $35CO; residence of 7 rooms and bath;
'Clinton Park, near Dolores and Fourteenth.
MONTGOMERY-ST. INVESTMENT.
Price $7000; rents $82 50 per month; large lot,
67x137:6; flats and residence; pays big in-
terest on the money.
PRICE S3100-RENTS $24 50.
Two flats on Fifteenth St., near Market; lot
: 25x100. .
PRICE $82C0— RENTS $63 SO PER MOICTH.
Eighth Bt; not far from Market; front and
rear buildings, store, etc.; lot 25x137:6; In-
vestigate this.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
$5250— New Eastlake house. 7 rooms, bath,
basement, etc.; very sunny; street work dene.
$2800— RENTS $29.
Three separate tenements on Tehama St., near
Eighth; a splendid buy..
MISSION-ST. PROPERTY.
$7000— Large lot, 40x140; vicinity "of. Ninth st.
TJNION-ST. COTTAGE.
$4000 — Bay-window modern cottage ¦ and base-
ment. 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME. * "
$6000— Broderick St., sunny side, near Grove;
splendid house, 8 rooms, bath, large base-
ment, etc.; could be easily converted Into 3.
flats; lot 25x100.
SELLING FA ST.
SEE THEM TO-DAY.
Building lots on H st. and Nineteenth ave.
boulevard, fronting Golden Gate Park.
¦Prices moderate Terms easy
Lots level Streets macadamized
. Official grade Plank sidewalks
Welshbach gas lamps. Water and mall service
On car line... ..; On Park entrance
Better Class of New Homes
Branch Office at the Corner
of H st. and Ninth ave.. south of Golden
Gate Park: open 'every day, Sundays and
holidays; don't delay, but interest yourself
in a home lot at once; small first payments,
balance $10 per month; interest 6 "per cent on
deferred payments.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
$300 to $500— Within easy walking distance of
Union Iron Works; building lots and busi-
ness . corners; for sale on terms of $50 cash
down, balance in monthly payments of $10;
interest 6 per cent; Kansas st., between 18th,
19th and 20th sts., and I9th St., Rhode Island
and De Haro sts. These art the cheapest lots
now In the market and are offered on terms
that are within the reach of all. Buy a lot
and build yourself a home; immediate pos-
session given purchasers upon the payment
of $50. If you have a few hundred dollars,
you can build your house and occupy It and
pay the monthly installment on the lot.
Apply to BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. • .
McAFEE BROTHERS, "
108 Montgomery st.
2 houses of 9 rooms on Buchanan st. ; rented
for $57 50 monthly; a little money expended
on them would greatly increase this rent or
make a fine home; only $7000, or one house $3500;
lot 45x87:6.
MARINE VIEW LOTS.
On north side Vallejo St.. between Scott and
Devisadero sts., size 34:4x137:6; price only $3500;
splendid marine view.
RENTS $66— PRICE $62St>.
Sunny house and flats on Vallejo st. ; In good
condition; new plumbing, etc.; always rented;
large lot, 43:5x137:6; on north side of street.
Rents $63, price. $70CO; 3 flats on Howard st,
in good ¦' condition, between Twelfth and Thir-
teenth sts.; lot 25x127:6. . ;
FOLSOM-ST. CORNER.
This side of 8th st. ; lot 52:6x94 feet; store
and fiats rented $95 monthly; price $12, ©CO.
CAPP STREET.
S-room cottage on Capp st; 30-foot lot; price
$4000. . •
WASHINGTON, NEAR VAN NESS.
Fine old residence; could be turned into flats
at small expense; large sunny lot; a good buy;
price $8tfc0. .
IN THE MISSION.
2 flats on Twenty-first st.,- 5 rooms each; rent
$27; price J3230.
• WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
On Sacramento St., near Webster St.; key
lot; 7. rooms and bath; price $4600; quick sale
wanted.
... PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Cheap corner lot, commanding marine view,
on Pacific ave., near flne residences; offer
wanted.
SHOTWELL STREET,
6-room cottage on Shotwell st., nead 22d;
price $2750; $1500 mortgage can stand.
LOTS! LOTS! LOTS! All over town.
. McAFEE BROTHERS, .
' , ». 103 -Montgomery st.
WRIGHT & EWELL.
Real Estate and Financial Agents.
Loans. Insurance, 316 Montgomery st.
$170,000 — Fine investment near Market st • 7-
story and basement brick building;
corner.
$60,000— Mission-st. investment: 3-story and
basement brick building; rents $4200
per annum.
Elegant Clay-st' home, north side, beyond 'La-
•; guna; house of 13 rooms; sunny and
. • thoroughly modern: apply for particu-
lars; lot 37:4^xl27:SU.
$20,000— Beautiful modern home on Pacific ave.:
unsurpassed marine view; 12 rooms and
3 baths; a choice home-.
$17,500— Very flne modern flats on California
. ' st, near Broderick; well rented.-
$12,000— North side of Sacramento st. west of
Scott; lot 60x127; house of 9 rooms and
bath.
$7,500— Two lots, each 25:6x97; one lot has 3
flats rented for $54 per month; adjoin-
ing lot vacant; nice corner In the Mis-
sion. •
A. J. RICH & CO., Real Estate Agents,
112 Montgomery st. ' ¦
$8500—2 flats, 7 and 8 rooms and bath; Clay !!t,
near Devisadero; lot 25 by 127:3Vi; good
income. - -*. •
$7000—2 modern improved flats; Fell st, near
.Devisadero; lot 25 by 137:6; flats <:ontaln
5 and 9 rooms and. bath; pays 9 per cent
I>er annum.
$7CC0— 2 flats; Fillmore st, near Fulton; 5 and
6 rooms: under good rent; never vacant." 1
$5750^ — New residence of 7 rooms and bath; all
the latest modern improvements, sani-
tary plumbing, etc.; Portola st, near
Waller.
$5000—2 flats; rents $45 per month; pays 11 per
cent* per annum; Oak St.. between- Pierce
and Scott; large lot, 25 bv 137:6. ¦¦ ¦ ;
$3500— Reduced from $4000; must be sold: house
.,.- and lot on Filbert, near 'Hyde a 1 -.., and
cable car line; house 7 rooms and bath;
lot 25 by 137:6: grand unobstructed ma-
rine view: it is a bargain;' see it at
once. -
»"Kf. ........ BUSINESS PROPERTY
i"v':.;. Best Block on Hayes Street.........;
$18,000. : Renta $140 per month.
Stores and flats; large lot 40x120 ; to - rear
street; bank mortgage of $10,000 at 6 per cent
can remain. HOOKER & LENT, . 14 Post st.
..:..... PAGE-ST.— SUNNY RESIDENCE ...
$5650 ..... .$3650.. '. $5650
' Handsnme house- of 8 'large rooms; garden
front and rear; rented now for $40 per month;
lot 25x127:6. ¦ -
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St.
. . . . . . . . . . . .GEAR Y-ST— NEW . FLATS:. ..... . . ...
$13,850 $13.850.....:.;. $13,850
-.;..... Rents $1400 per annum..............
-Sunny side of Geary st; new building;
choice location: contains 8 - rooms ¦ and- bath
each flat; lot 25x137:6. . • . _ • ¦ .
iv r-J'-i HOOKER & LENT, 14 : Port - St. .-
$3000— Cottage house of 7 rooms and bath; Tre-
• •¦•- . r mont ave.. neao st.- - , r
$2600— 2 flats on Jones st, paying 1 per cent
"-.-.' per . month ; always rented. . »
$2500— Large corner, lot. 106:3. by 114;, Noe and
, . Army sts. ' ¦ - - ' :
$2250— Corner lot, . 57:6, by 100; grand marine
,i . view; Lake st. .'and 18th ave. .
$2000— Cottage house and lot, 50 by. 70: Andover
j ¦ </ St.. near Cortland ave. ; large barn.-, etc.
$900- r 5th . ave., . near Clement , st. ; ¦ lot - 25 by
¦¦-¦¦ '¦ 120; near electric car line. •¦ • . *
U-- ¦-¦¦•'.¦•¦¦-•', ¦¦"¦¦¦¦'; '••.:•.¦-.- A. J. RICH &CO.
FLATS on San Jose ave.; always rented; $3300.
T. J. MAY. 638 Market st
FIRFT-CLAS1 coatmaker wanted. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market Bt.
A GOOD bread baker; must be flm-class on
bench work. Box 4279, Call office.
PORTER for restaurant and bakery; a good
sober, steady man. Box 427S, Call office. '
WAXTED-Partr.er in Rood x paying dental
business. Box 42S4, Call office. ue ""«
HOT wanted. 174 Townsend st.
BO X V ? n , t , cd ,1° learn S love business. Hos
427o. Call office.
WANTED — Dishwasher and also a porter 19
Powell 6t. ' !
Apply S. N. WOOD &
iO.. .1S» Market st. .
M^HWASHER. Potrero Hotel; wages $25 301 '
Twer.ty-seccnd st. i
WANTED— ExjKrier.ced iunchman; call between
10 and 11 a. m. 90 Third Bt.
WANTED— In<tustrious men and women lr i
every town to work lor us at home Nc
canvassing. We will send work any d'is-
tance. Have several lines of work* to give
out; some requires no experience. If you !
can t devote the whole day to our wo-k ',
you can earn $5 or J6 a week by working an '
w°- Ur -2 r tw ? evening*. Address Standard j
Mfg. Co.. K2 West 23d st.. New York. •
GEXTLEMAX of indomitable energy and push-
pood opportunity to right man. F. PERSON
room 412. Parrctt building. ' j
200 MEN to buy suits made to order Jl per '
week. A. B. SMITH CO., 128 Ellis st. !
WANTED at Master Bakers' Protective Asso- '
elation, foreman, second and third bread
baker*; also confectioners; sood pay; perma- i
nent positions. 127 Mason et- ;
Merchant*, office men, obtain clerical help at '
Clerks' Information Bureau. 100S^ Mkt, r. 4.
MAN. urrirht character, to manage business
cf old house; salary flS weekly and expenses
payable weekly from headquarters; expent-e
money advanced; permanent ; references.
Standard House, 254 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only; salary $1200 and expenses. Na-
tional. 304 Caxton bide.. Chicago.
ALL sites men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 24 sts.
"PLASTER caster and strong boy wanted. 116
Diamond Et.
.WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; J60 I
monthly paid our graduates; two month* !
completes; more calls for our barbers than ;
we can eupply; tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted: busy season now; !
call or Trrite for our special offer to-day, j
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St. I
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, ». {
6. Nary; able-bodied, unmarried men of good |
character, between the ages of SI and 35; not I
Jess than 5 feet 4 inches and net over 6 feet 1 I
Inch, able to read and ppeak English. For j
further information arply to the Recruiting j
Office, 40 Ellis Et. San Francisco. >
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know |
that Ed Ro'.kin. Reno House proprietor, still i
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; CSc per r.'pht; Jl to $2 per week. !
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, green !
hands; all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 j
Steuert st. _ :
A FTSW pood "ady and gentleman solicitors for j
pictures of Fan Francisco: a fast seller. Call i
TOS California st, room H.
WANTED— A man to set edges. Wentworth-
Fwitzer Shoe Co., 26 Main st. j
WANTED — Live canvassers. WILEY B. AL-
LEN CO.. fC3 Market Et.
EEAMEX— Ordinary seamen, carpenters, cooks
and green hands. 603 Sansome. near Wash-
ing-ton Et.
WANTED — Two experienced advertising so-
licitors: will pay good salary. Call room 3.
U'S California st., city. [
McDONALD & PERRY have BOO pairs second- I
hand shoos fcr sale. 50c up. 241 Third Et. j
WANTED— 51*0 men to buy new and Sr.d-hand |
army shoes. ?1 up; soling I^c up. 923 Howard. |
rrVSinx AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS. j
f'SFf Comrr.fir.vSer Gen. H. Thomas Post No. 2. |
Gr. A.. R.. room 40. Pnelan bids.. $06 Market j
GET your fiboea *ialf-sole<t while waiting; Sc j
:¦•> 50c T>f.2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. |
V. FIN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed j
free. S. F. IJarber School. 741A Howard St. ;
/T o?.sh pri<H»« for ji per week men's suits to
ler. XEUHACS & CO.. 113 Kearny st.
rr\?IOXS-J. II. PHEPARD * CO.. attys..
Hnrst bldg.. Third ar.d Market, room 31«.
ITKCCHKSTEB Horae. 44 Third st., near Mar-
fcef— TW rwmf, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus- ar.d bascaef to ar.<1 from ferry.
CT^APFIKIIID advertisements and subscription" !
received at Oa'.l bratifh nfflo.. 2;m FiUmore st. j
HHltsi> ami \\ a«;o\<*. :
«• HORSES for sale: also wagons, burgles.
cart*, harness. Grand Arca<*-? Horse Market.
rc: Pixth ST.; auction sales every Wednesday.
EtXLJVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
H18 — FAMILY bsy mare, bupg-y end harness,
r.farly ntw. 120 $econd ave., n»a.r Califor-
nia, st.
XnOBOL'GHBRED Shetland ponies for sal««
¦ heap. JOHN F. ENGLISH & CO.. Clay and
I avis, or ''2Z gutter st.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
"-i pessinn June 10. Cata'ojrje by applying to
M. L. Pancoa#:, Sec, £110 Golden Gate ave.
EAT hors*. 15-3; 1100 pounds; good driver eln-
frle or double. 1715 Sacramento st.
40 HEAD work ar.d driving horses. « 721 How-
ard st.
CAMPING wagons to let or sale; gentle sad-
dle DOHy wanted for erirl. 1C03 Geary st.
AL T . kir.Ss of wspons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN" & SON, 21X7 Mission st.
AK A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wajron. for sale rhrap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job: four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
ft., room J".
HOISES TO LET.
A — PRINTKD list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEX & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE or cottatre to rent with stable; West-
ern Addition preferred. Box 4276, Call office.
€ ROOMS ar.d hath ; 14 Reed st. : yard and base-
ment; $15. Apply 3325 Washington Ft
$>— COTTAGE 5 rooms; erarden; sunny. 1121
Filbert st., rear. n»ar Hyde.
HOLSES TO LET — FIRMSHED.
EEAUTTFT.7L residence 10 rooms and bath,
elegant larpp groend*. stable, etc. J26 Doiores
Ft., or F. B M.RRYHXE, 138 Montgomery.
COMFORTABLY furnished house of 9 rooms
and bath: cfntrally located. Box 4261. Call.
HOLSES WA.VTED.
X— WANTED— A furnished cottage or house j
la San Rafael or vicinity for a couple of
rnonths. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Cjcu.Ty ft. j
MAN «nd wife desire to occupy and care for I
furni*h>-<l house for the summer. 1IARTER, i
room 47:;. I'arrott bldg. j
IV ANTED— Ixxieririg-house. 30 or 12 rooms; price \
|2M to t2r,(i; s:,0 cash, balance $10 month. Box ;
I2K, Oal! office.
¦WANTED— A eottase of 5 or 6 rooms and stable
of 4 FtaHs ar.d large yarrt : in Mission or |
WeFt^ra Addition. Apply 24^7 Folsom Bt. .
SUIH'ttBAV RESIDENCES. j
TO let for summer season — Furnished cottage •
with r.rohar.1 and shade fe^K. in tianta Cruz j
Mountain*. McETVEX DUOS.. 11$ Mont-
gomery el '
lost av» reran. j
LOST— I'ockcttook containing nugget chain *ith j
small ring charm ani cas-h, UB f«'rry Pied- j
m«,nt cr bet, ferry and Broadway: liberal re- ]
vuird to <inder. CA LD WELL. ' 624 MlEBlon. I
LOFT— A small gold watch with fob, with
§monorram J. h. V. U-turn to 40DH Folsom
Bt. and receive- reward.
UitFT — Thursday noon between Third Et. and
1'oweU on Market, or r.ear Golden West Hotel,
chain arid charm, charm $10, with initials
<\ li. and Email diamond. Return to S. ti.
Wood, 738 Market, and receive reward.
£7>.ST— A passbook v.itJi the Hibernia. Savings
anJ Loan Hor-iety of Pan Francisco, in the
name ,.f MARY .1. RYAN, No. 1KM030. The
finder will pteMe return to bank^
LOST— A pass hook with The Hibernia Savings
and L<oan Society of Kan Francisco, In the
mm" Of ESTHER POWERS. No. 223-6S3.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A j*aEs Ljok wiih The Hibernia Savings
*>nd Lor.n Society of ban Francisco. In the
name of JOHN BEKJJT. No. 77-764. The find-
er will I'lease return to bank.
Waritf-<1— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolle,
Jew ler. 24S O'KarrpIl. b*-t. Powell and Mason.
MATTUESSnS AXIJ 1'ILLOWS.
O'O order; also cleaned and sterilized: uphol-
rtery- Al carpet cleaning; hone«t work guar-
anteed. HOPKE HROS., 318-320 Eleventh St.;
telephone South 7S2.
MEDICAL.
ORIGINAL OFFICE.
ORIGINAL OFFICE.
DR. and MRS. DAVIS.
DR. and MRS. DAVIS.
Leading ladies' specialists.
Leading ladies' specialists.
Located for 10 years at
Located :or 10 years at
122S Market st.
'" "i 1223 Market st.
Above Sixth St.
Above Sixth st.
We have no branch offices.
We have no branch offices.
Cut this out.
Cut this out.
Remember the number. 122S Market.
Remember the number. 1228 Market.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
njale complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cj.pcs are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do th'.s: the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O' DONNELL. 101S Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
' indigestion, tapeworm, reuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
! troubles or male and female sexual organs;
treat yourself; be your orvn doctor: 4 months'
suppository treatment, $4; send stamp for
circulars. 112G Market St.. S. F., Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
i stant relief for all female complaints: the
I longest ar.d moet obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped: no
delay, consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
i Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale'a
! DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market, ladies'
1 specialists: 32 years' practice; all cases treated
j by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
I treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at offlc?; patients treated can re-
i turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
i DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market, bat.
i fth & 7th— Exoert specialists: well known and
! relfnble: 25 yrs' experience; treatment guarntM
I m give instant relief from all female troubles;
! avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
; A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in a!l femils
complaints or money returned; my reeulstor
j never fails: th» most obstinate cases relitvcd
' v.-it!iout pain: best cure: fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN". HIS Market, nr. Ma?on.
; MRS. PR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrs.'
; successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
t office: any ailment: home before and during
1 . confinement. S4? Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
I DR. POPPER, female FpeciaUst: no pills or
i medicine used. 1514 Devisadero St., nr. Geary.
! T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmcre.
I MINES AXD MIXING.
! MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
Montezuma shares at 12c are better value
j now at 12c than in January at 5c The ele-
ment of chance has practically disappeared.
j Copper ledge' in our "Tacoma" mines now
I 20 feet wide and growing wider. Flumes,
i bunkers and coking ovens building at coal
mines. Biggest copper and coking proposi-
tion "under one roof" on the continent, and
! we'll soon prove it. Mining men who ex-
amine the properties admit it. Share« will
be 15c July 1st.
Every holder of Montezuma ehares offered
round-trip ticket and sleeper (flrst-class) for
j $33 on our excursion to Tacoma and Seattle
1 July 6; tickets limited to 60 days; a delight-
I ful outing; make early application; free
i transportation to purchaser of 3000 Ehares.
j Montezuma shareholders in California will
! soon organize a local branch and advisory
1 board, which shall represent their interests
1 at Tacoma. Due notice will be given.
Ask for the prospectus of the Montezuma
Mining Co.; contains a fund of valuable in-
formation.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST
CO.. Selling Aeents, 310 Safe Deposit bldg.,
corner California and Montgomery sts., San
Francisco.
' DIVIDEND paying mining. stocks at 3c, 5c and
10c per share; send Tor prospectus. Pacific
: States Mining and Investment Co. 326 Post st.
I WELL, developed paying Alaska mines: ex-
j chanced for property or business. 303'A Turk.
j >IISCELI.ANrOUS FOK SALE.
I BOILERS, engines, M-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1S7 Fremont st.
i BARS, back bars, mirror*, restaurant and po-
| ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
j saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
on* floor, ready made: we can ship everything
i in 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
I A— 4-SIDED. 3-sided, £-s-ided, 1-aided sticker;
all in good order; cheap. H. S. WHITE,
; 616 Mission st.
j A — BUY?, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
j gines, boilers, water p'pes, shaftings, pulleys,
: etc. WHITELAW, 2W Spear St.
j SECOND-HAND machinery cf all kinds
1 bought, sold, rented and exchanged. H. S.
I WHITE, 516 Mission st.
j A— 53.50 DERBY and FcUora hats. $1.75. Popu-
• lar Price Hatters, 230 Kearny st.. near Pine.
j FINE suits. $10: Jres-i pants. ?2 75. MISFIT
j CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
'¦ MANUFACTURING plant. 3 months In use,
• must be sold at once. 2020 Market st.
' NEW 5 H. P. boiler and engine. $l. r ,0; will
i sell separately. P. BARNUM, 630 Brush, Oak.
: ONE f;ew No. 7 Wentworth range for sale
; cheap. Inquire A. TABER, 3636 Twentieth.
; LAW library; 700 volumes of reports, text-
j books, etc. Address box 4286. Call office.
: FINE old master violin, unredeemed pledge,
i $1S. Plaza Loan Office. 702 Kearny st.
' ONE 4-horse-power Covey engine: one 2V4-
: horse-pov/er Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
I ENGINES ?.nd boilers: second-hand machinery.
: J. BURKE, 13S Beale St.
: MANUFACTURING plant. 3 months in use;
must be sold at once. 2020 Market st.
'. FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel
I lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
[ $48 10x12 UNIVERSAL outfit, new, $32 50. 103
Montgomery st.
: GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand, and other ma-
! ohinery bought and sold. Epstein. 538 Mission.
I Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
1 all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
i FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines aid
I boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office, 25 Stockton Bt.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand^ THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1 Oil- 111 Market st.. San Fran.
HISCfCUUtSBOUS WAXTS.
WANTED— In perfect condition, set Bancroft's
Works, 39 volumes, library binding or full mo-
rocco. Address DOXEY'S, 15 East Seventeenth
St.. New York.
HIGHEST prices paid for old gold and dia-
monds. Plaza Loan Office, 702 Kearny st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2522.
WANTED— Young family cow. Box 3335 Call
office.
DlU.VUi TO LUA.\.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people~can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, ' etc. ; do
not borrow of your, friends or you will lose
their friendship; <lo business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ——————
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
620 Market Bt. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
tsecond mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first, 2d and 3d mortgages,
undivided interest, real estate In probate;
mortgages and Iepa coles bought; no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st, room 2.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister.
-^^-.y^^x''. l .Tp,/i^o, A^~-c«»t«pw«»«»-
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. 1.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
ft.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold,- silver, diamonds.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44, Mecchants' Ex., 431 California.
3% on furpiture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY, 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan Bldg.
$1OO,CCO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room Z. .
.THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott buildinc
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner pulldlng.
MONEY WANTED.
.OUR clients demand we make loans for them,
and offer 6 per cent interest upon flrst-class
securities only. West Coast Investment Co.,
Phelan building. '
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL standard makes can be had at our es-
tablishment; new and slightly used bargains
are:
1 Heine (over 3000 in use here) '....$325
1 Hallet-Davis; price $6S0; now 1 285
1 fitelnway; price $575; now 185
7 Chickerings JH5 to 265
5 Schaeffers; now 145
And 60 other uprights more used from $35 to
$150; rents $2 up allowed on purchase; we
handle all makes; agents for famous Hal-
let-Davis, Heine, etc. ; agents and live sales-
man wanted. HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary
st. Note— Should you desire to exchange the
piano purchased for a Hallet-Davis or any
other American make at any time within
three years you will be allowed the full pur-
chase price.
WE offer 2 Smith & Barnes uprights at $225
each; used Ices than 6 months; good as new.
1 fine walnut Arlington, $175.
1 email French upright, $75.
1 Packard upright, In beautiful burl walnut
case. S300.
1 Baby Decker & Son walnut upright, $275,
a'nd many others of equal desirability.
Call or address THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
ALL pianos purchased" of SHERMAN. CLAY
Ar CO. rr.ay bo exchanged for a new Steinway
uprlght or Jiabv grand piano any time within
3 years fropi date of purchase, and have fuil
I>iico allow --d. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; &ome good pianos .sold for $3, $4 and
to per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinwny dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st. Oakland.
REMOVAL, of KEEFFE'S piano store from.
Market Ft. to our large and elegant quarters,
"14 Poft St.. opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old rUr-rk at greatly reduced prlc<«.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post St., between Stock-
ton and Powell.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within :•: years and fuil purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; co6ts you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell St.; »stablished 1850. ¦
A LIST of flne second-hand bargains — 1 Emei-
son, 1 HallPt * Davis, 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz, 1
Sterling $75. $125, $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chtckering. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
BARGAIN? — Clearance sale bargains; upright
pianes. $75 and upward; Stein way, Knabe.
Emerron. Hartman and others; squares, $10
up. KRUENN. 208 Post St. -
OUR special sale of high-grade pianos con-
tinued to June 15: terms easy: don't miss it.
DEWING CO.. 1? Flood -building.
SOHMF.R & Co.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Lester.
Hamilton and Spielmann pianos. ByronMauzy.
SOS Post.
WANTED— Ten square pianos for country
Fchoolx. BYRON MAUZY, 3CS Post st.
FINE large upright piano; also folding-bed;
gr«>at Facrlfice. J24 Golden Gate ave.
AN uprlsrht piano: must be sold: owner leav-
ing. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st. _ .
CI^OSTNG out Ptock of pianos; prices reduced
or.e-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
LUPWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents, 933 Market st
$3 ppr month rents o beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CI'RTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary St.. room 38.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Allister st.
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St., you
can get storage pianos almost for a eong.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SjCHMTTZ. 16 McAllister, npxt Hlbernla Bank.
I SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
I MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham ¦ place.
MUSIC BOXES.
MUSIC BOXES— Paul Monaco, expert, and the
best repairer and maker on the coast for 15
year?; fine Swiss an.1 American music boxes
a specialty. 769 Market st. bet. 3d and 4th.
south sidp; thoroughly understands his busi-
npss nnd the right party to deal with.
OFFICES ASD STORKS TO LET.
AN elegant, new modern store to let: low rent:
flne location; good fcr any business. 315
O'Farrell st, near Mason; see it.
WHOT.E building to lease. 15 Grant ave.: flne
location: suitable any business; rear entrances.
ELEGANT deskroom. with or without desk;
reasonable. Room 727, Emma Spreckels bldg.
ELEGANT deskroom. with or without desk;
j reasonable. Room 727, Emma Spreckels bldg.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st—
Sunny o'flces. $15 to $20; usual services.
/ OIL.
BEST oil land in the State: enormous pro-
ducers around us; a fortune in our stocks; we
know it. will prove it. by giving you negotia-
] bl° bond; bears 3 per cent interest: guarantees
your stock against any loss; you can't lose;
gilt edge references; call, wrlto, investigate
! Paxton Gold Bond Oil Co., 318 Kearny st.
I CALTSTOflA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acres of oil land in nine
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex. I
COSTA RICA — Last chanre at 10c: big advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co., 326 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order- all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
Oil, LANDS.
FCm~RALE~^lo7oO^ --~~-~~™~™^
One-fourth Interest in 200 acres flrst-class oil
land In Kern County; a fortune for the man
who gets this, or will exchange for im-
proved property in Bay counties and pay
rash difference; no agents; principals only
Box 4287. Call office. - -
OIL lands for pale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for landn
or wish to Invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere
SHEA & PETERSON. S01 Examiner building!
MUST be sold; a chance to secure a large
block of stock in a first-class oil company;
best land in Kern County; no brokers Box
j 42S8. Call office. -
1'AIXTEKS ASD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered $3
up. Jensen & Bath, 308 Sixth; open evenings.
I WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up; paint-
I ing done. 319 Third st. Hartman Paint Co.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good rell-
able work. Clark's, 808 Larkin: tel. Larkin 1060.
PALMISTRY.
1 MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of
• the Pacific Coast. 906 Market st ; 1 to 5 p. m.
H/ JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist 615
j Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tef Black 561.
i MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
1 reading; lessons in class and private. 617 Jones.
MRS. WM. McMANUS. scientific palmist 1140
i Market. 10 to 5; residence 731 Guerrero st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O' DONNELL— Of fice and" residence"
1021 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
1 - treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-ll.g Mason, nr. Ellin.
PHYSIOGMONY. "
FREE lectures by Mary O. Stanton, 810 Leav-
. enworth— Faces read from, the audience; Sun-
1 • day, 8 o'clock; Thursdays at 3; lessons given.
PERSONALS.*
ABOUT your hair. ' It i« to your interest to
buy the Star ¦ Hair Remedy, because it not
only restores the color, ' but cures dandruff,
¦ stops falling, grows new hair; is not a dye;
no stain to scalp or linen; leaves hair soft
and silky; harmless. This peerless remedy sold
by druggists and hairdressers; call for it; do
not be persuaded to take any other. - Can al-
ways get it at our office, 385-387 Geary st
BEST on earth — Blood poison, itching, skin
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease that doctors and . old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call cr
write for full -information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine 'Co., permanently
located 628 Montgomery St.; , room 22. third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES.' ¦
WHY THROW~TOUR LIFE AWAY ? ? ?
Going without sleep and turning yourself into
¦ a nervous, irritable wreck; all nervous and
mental diseases cured; sleep, assured: hallu-
cinations dispelled. DR. VAN LANDEGHEil,
S68. Geary st. ; tel. Brown £0; hours, 10
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
. on DR. G.' S. MOORE, 488 Geary St., and you
will not be disappointed ; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed ; preparation 1 sent to . sdl
parts of the world; call or send for circulaf.
MME. RUGG, formerly of Hayes . Valley, has
reopened and would be pleased to meet her
'old patrons; halrdressing, 25c; scalp and fa-
. cial treatment; hairdressing taught. 1153
Market St., between Seventh, and Eighth.
RAG carpets wove to order. and for sale, also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
' rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Flfth.Oakland.
A WOMAN on exhibition.- old and wrinkled on
one side of face, other aide made smooth and
youthful by expert speciallst-ln charge. Call
N. Y. Inst Dermatology, 105 Ellis, r. 20-21. S.F.
ELECTRIC ' light in ,¦ every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., "near Market: 700 rooms;
2oc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from * genuine
Scotch $15 up; flne dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, ' plaster or -pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute. 121
West Forty-second St.. N. Y. •
MATERNITY Villa— Strictly private: terms
reasonable; infants adopted Into good homes.
MRS. PR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
- or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
I WOULD like engagements by the day in
families; references. WM. WEBSTER, La-
dles' Tailor, 1112 Jefferson st., Oakland.
LADY or gentleman with dramatic talent and
some capital to star a new drama. Address
Author, 1254 Franklin St., Oakland.
FOR sale— Automobile, steam; about 1000 miles
of use. T. B. ROEBE, 2 Waller st.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
Fold. J. Sllverman, 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191:
LADIES' tailor suits mado to order: reasonable.
S. KRAMER, Ladles* Tailor, 220 Powell st.
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bu3h and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton; diseases of men only; sanitarium
659 Clay St.. cor. Kearny; consultation free.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market St., nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-'
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlcs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
DR. LAMOTTE'S Frenrh Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pasrep. in wrapper for mailinc $1 per year.
PILES. .'
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who- have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busl-. ¦
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
Burgery or delay from buslr»ss, and no
salves for sale. Particulars, addresn Physi-
clan. box 19.'0. Call office, g. F.. Cal.
KKAI. ESTATP cViY FO<( P M.B.
BOVEE, TOY & SOXNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. -
-Houses Rented. Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 Market st. -
$30,000— Choice corner on Jones st., near
O'FarrelV St.; "frame building upon" :«ame at
present renting for $102 per month; if property
is improved can be made to pay 10 per cent
net; we have proposition at office.
$27,500 — Choice lot on Broadway, near Devisa-
dero st.; size 66x137:6 feet; flne unobstructed
marine view. • ¦
$20,000 — Choice northwest corner on Devisa-
dero «t.. - near Fulton st. ; size 100x137:6 feet;
splendid location, for flats.
$18,000— Choice residence on Gough st., near
Sutter St.; 15 rooms and bath, in' flrst-class
condition; fine garden; lot 57:6 by 137:6 feet.
$15,000 — Choice residence on Octavia St., near
California st. ; 12 rooms and bath; first-class
condition; lot 39:6x137:6 feet.
$13,000— Howard St., near 6th St.; modern 3-
atory building containing 2 flats of 7 and 8
rooms and bath and store below; always rent-
ed: rents $90 per month; this Is a choice in-
vestment. '
$12,500— Page M., near Market st. ; 2 nice flats
of 7 and 8 rooms and bath; lot 27x120 feet;
rents SSO per month. . '
$12,0C0 — Hayes St., near Buchanan St.; 2 mod-
ern flats on Hayes Et. • and 2 on Linden ave. ;
lot 27:6x120 feet; rents *80 per month.
$S£00— 3 choice flats on Jackson st.. near
Broderick st.; 6-7-S rooms and bath; rents
$78 50 per month; lot 23xl27:SVi feet.
$6500 — Elegant lot on the north line of Broad-
Way; lot 27:6 by.' 127:6 feet; nice neighborhood.
$65C0— Modern residence on Scott St., opposite
Duboce Park; lot 25x122:6 feet; house contains
8 rooms and bath. , : •
$5500 — 22d St., near Guerrero st. ; 3 modern
flats; rente $53 per month.
$4500— Choice corner on Montgomery and Fil-
bert Ets.; lot 50 by 77:6 feet; store and upper
flat; rents $50 per month.
,$3600—2 choice flats on Broderick st. ; rents
$36 per month.
$1700— Choice cottage on Diamond St., near
23d st. • '
$2800— Shipley st., near 4th st; 3 flats of 4-5
rooms; rents $33 per month.
$1250 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x100 feet; close to Union Iron Works;
rents for $12 50 per month.
$1450— Choice lot on Dolores St., near 18th
st.;. lot 30x85 feet.
$1250— Choice NE. corner on California st.
near 11th a.ve.: lot 32:6x100 feet.
$750— Choice lot on California St., near 9th
ave.; lot 25x120 feet.
$700 — Choice corner lot in the Mission; street
work done; sidewalk laid; lot 23x100 feet.'
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOY &
SONNTAG. ¦ '¦ ¦
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO (Inc.)*
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$12,000— Union St., near Taylor; 25:9x128:9; 3
modern flats and rear house; rents $99 50.
$10, COO— O'Farrell St., near Larkin; 25x120 to
rear Ftreet; house of 10 rooms.
$8250— McAllister St., near- Steiner; 26:6x110;
house of 7 rooms and bath.
$8000— Pacific st., near Powell; 40x60; store
and 3 flats; rents $63.
$7000— Folsom st., near Fourth; store and flat;
rent $65: 25x80. ¦ <• ' '
$5500— Buchanan? st., near Post; 24x87:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent. $35. ;
$5000— Leavenworth, . near Union; 25x112:8; 3
new flats; rents $41.
j50oo — Corner Leavenworth st. and Broadway;
cottage and 2 fiats; rents Hi.
$5000— Sacramento, near Walnut; 25x100; 2 new
flats; rents $33. , n '
$3750; Pine st.. near Buchanan; 25x110; house
of 7 rooms. ' i .
J3900— Harriet st.,. near Bryant; 25x75; 3-story
bulldinz: rents $40. > ,
$3500— Lyon, near Sutter;. 2oxll9:3; house of 8
rooms. >.
$3350— Clementina st, near Sixth; 20x80; house
of 6 rooms and bath: rent $25. .
UNIMPROVED. •
$5500— Greenwich st. near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
$r,000— Capp, near Twenty-flfth; 65x115.
$4800— Union st, near Webster: 6S:9xl37:6.
Cor. 19th ave. and Clement; 200x120. ' .
$3."00— Fulton st. near Fillmore: 32:6x137:8.
$3000— Laguna st, near Pare; 25x100.
$2500— Corner Thirtieth and Dolores; 26:6x100.
HAWKS & SKELTON.*
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property. • . - . . - >
$3000— Home in Mission warm belt; San Carlos
ave., near Mission and 20th; 7 rooms and bath;
street bituminized, . sidewalk concrete. .
$4000— Green, close to Hyde st. cars; nice
home of 7 rooms; fine view of bay. , .-
$6500— Investment; .O'Farrell,:. near Laguna;
rents $50: never vacant: see us about this.
$2700— Investment; ¦ Zoe st, near Third and
Bryant; rents $360 per annum; Just put in good
order. .. -. ' - »r. - '¦•¦ .
$2500— Cottasre. 8 . rooms; Tennessee s t-. near
Union Iron Works; rents steadily $20:. a bar-
gain; Risdon Works will soon have 2000 more
men employed near by.
$3000— Lot on south side Chestnut st.. west of
Hyde: 27:6x110; flne view of bay.. . .
$5500— Lot on Green. - near Hyde-st. '• cars;
68:9x137; will subdivide; flne view. - » ...
. $1500— Cheap lot; Russell, near Hyde and
Union; 49x60; will pay well if improved.
HAWKS &. SKELTON. ' 323 Montgomery st/
NEW COLONIAL RESIDENCES
¦ ¦¦ Just Completed,
On Lyon Ft.', bet. ¦ Clay and Washington,'
¦ 11 Sunny Rooms in Each.- .
Hardwood finish; . 4 grand ! mantels: electric
lighting; tiled bath with hardwood floor; the.
very best , of , plumbing ¦¦ and » workmanship
throughout | houses; everything that, is needed
In a modern, first-class residence; see them at
once ; ¦ open for ' inspection, '¦- or > apply , to • DAN
EINSTEIN, owner and builder. 117 Sutter st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8AIJBL
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.', ??£'$??<
628 Market Street.
BROADWAY RESIDENCE. NEAR GOTJGH
ST.: MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE ESTATE—
North side .of street; modern In every respect;
magnificent marine view;' garden front and.
rear; 14 rooms and attic, billiard-room, wine-
room, three bathrooms, laundry and servants*
rooms; electric appurtenances, etc.; large lot.
33x137:6 feet; price $25,000. .
DOWJJTOW'N MODERN FLATS — Three
handsome new up-to-date flats of 9 rooms and
bath each; always rented; north side of street;
present renta $1980 per annum; could be in-
creased; O'Farrell, near Jones st.; price $22,000,
FIFTH-ST. CORNER— Near Market at.: a
grand opportunity; 1 three . frontages; old Im-
provements pay $2473 per annum; price $43,000.
NEW MODERN CORNER FLATS— Bargain;
three beautiful flats; small cash payment, bal-*
ance mortgage 6 per cent; will pay over 12 per
cent per annum: 28- foot frontage; price $6000^
NEW FLATS, HARRISON, NEAR
SEVENTH ST.— Two up-to-date flats of 8-5
rooms each ; pays 10 per cent ; present rent
could be increased: sunny side of street; lot 25
xSO feet; price $5500.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.— Two
substantial flats of 4-3 rooms each, near 9th
and Harrison sts. : room for stable Jn rear:
rents $264 per annum; lot .34:10x85; price $2300.
MISSION FLATS— Make offer; four well-
built flats of 3 rooms each: on Lexington ave..
near l&th St.: always rented; pays well; price
$4000.
MISSION COTTAGE— In the heart of the
warm belt: 4 rooms; on Eighteenth at., near
Valencia St.; lot 23x85 feet; price $2750.
NEW MODERN COTTAGE— A fine l-roora
cottag-a. strictly un-to-date; tunny aide of
street; on easy terms; lot 25x114 feet; price
$2750.
NEW MISSION HOME— Modern 7-roosa reat-
dence: bay-windows: on Bryant St., near
Twenty-first st.; lot 25x100; price $3000.
LOTS.
MARKET-ST. LOT— At a bargain; cheapeat
in the city; 25x114 feet; price $3250.
=
TWENTY-SEVENTH ST.— North aide, near
Noe nt.: aewered and graded; 160x114 feet;
price $2400.
ELIZABETH ST.— North aide, near Hoffman
ave.; utreet sewered 8nd graded, ready for
building; lot 25x114 feet; price $4C0.
NEAR PARK PANHANDLE— On Tremont
ave.: 50-foot frontage; price $2000; $1000 can re-
main on mortgage. • .
EASTON. ELDRTDGE & CO..
63& Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET STREET.
I BARGAINS SNAPS
ESTATES FORECLOSURES'.
Surrounded on All Sides by Elegant Homes!
ALL MUST BE SOLD! .
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
TUESDAY JUNE ISTH, 1901
At Our Salesroom, 12 O'clock SI.,
' 638 MARKET STREET.
ESTATE of ANGELIA R. SCOTT. DECEASED.
FRANKLIN ST.— 50-VARA LOT.
Corner Franklin and Sacramento ats.— A full
50-vara lot in the heart of the best residence
portion of the city: improvements consist of ah
elegant mansion of 12 rooms, which at a mod-
erate exoerrse can be brought up to date; sale
is made under instructions of the executors of
the estate and will be sold; convenient to car
lines; lot 137:6x127:8% feet. . •"•",'
: POINT LOBOS AVE. BLOCK.
' Half block, bounded by Point Lobos ave..
Twenty-eighth ave. and Clement at.— The
shrewd ! speculator to subdivide and sell will
realize handsomely; block S5:4x600xUl feet. ! -"r"*
MISSION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
West side Mission st.. 185 feet south of ISth —
Fine business lot on Mission St.; if properly
improved would pay handsomely on the money
invested; lot 25x80 ft.
UNIVERSITY HOMESTEAD LOT.
West side Ion st., 100 feet south of Bacon-
Four choice lots; must be sold; lot 100x120 feet.
SEVEN SHARES OF THE CAPITAL STOCK
OF THE CONCORDIA LAND CO.—
ESTATE OF ANGELIA R.
SCOTT, DECEASED.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS HOME.^
North side (No. 3942) Clay at.. 179:214 feet
east of • First ave.— Fine large residence of •
rooms and bath: positively must be sold to ths
highest bidder; lot 25x127:8% feet; terms, half
cash.
TWENTY-FOURTH-ST. COTTAGE. •
South side (No." 3521) Twenty-fourth st.. 115
feet west of San Jose ave. — Fine cottaxe of 4
rooms; in first-class condition; lot 25x109 feet.
VAN NESS AVE. BUILDING LOTS. .
Southeast corner Van Ness ave. and Chestnut
lit, and southeast corner Van Ness ave. and'
Francisco st.— These lots are exceptionally fine,'
' commanding a magnificent marine view; level
and ready for building; street bituminized:
must be sold; corner lot 27:6x109 ft: Van Neaa
ave. and Francisco st. corner, 37:6x38 feet; In-
side lots. 25x87:6 feet ;
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
Ncrth side (No. 2902) Bush St., 25 feet west of
Lyon— Large modern residence of eight rooms
and bath, with three finished rooms in the
basement; porcelain tubs, tiled mantels, etc.;
sunny side of street: several car lines adjacent;
lot 25x75 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
' East side Sanchez st.. 76:6 feet south of
Twenty-eighth— Very desirable alte for a horn*
or small flats: lot 25x100 feet.
% MISSION COTTAGE.
. North side (46) Merritt st.. 577.66 feet -west of
Hattie — A cozy cottage of 4 rooms and base-
ment; short distance from Market St.: half
block from Elghteenth-st. electric cars; -lot 25x
90 feet.
For full particulars, terms of aale. etc., pro-
cure catalogues at our office and on the prop-
EASTON.- ELDRIDGE A CO..-
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
¦ ' 618 Market atreet.
GET MARRIED AND BUY A HOME. , "
$4C00 each— 2 new houses; 7 rooms, bath:
everthing up to date: big lot: Castro, not far
from Market St.; will be finished in 2 weeks.
$5350—4 flats; almost new: rent $4S; good biff
lot, near Market and Sixth sts.
$30CO— 8 rooms and bath; almost new. If
. you want a good investment or home, call
and see this house; located Potrerj ave.,
near Twentieth st. .
$4000 — House of 15 rooms; lot 37:8x80; near
Third st: sood income. - .. *
$2600— House 7 rooms and bath; sunny sid»
of street; 23x75; near Third St.; any one's
• bargain. • . • . . . ¦
$1300 — 1 acre, of flne land in* Ocean View;
(rood for florist; fronting on electric car line.'
Call on "W. J. HEAL Y. 830 Market at, real
' estate and Insurance broker. •
FOR SALE— Fine residence, with beautiful ma-
rine view, on Broadway corner; call for par-
ticulars, the McCarthy company, «4«
. Market «t.v, : < "-' » ¦ ¦ ¦ .'- Kh
SELECT your lot anywhere; we will buy it for
you. erect a house to suit and sell It to you
on very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY COM-
PANY, 646 Market st. . tttfS&MVSiSbZ&MZiiit.
BARGAIN— Fine residence lot on Broadway;
•marine view. THE MCCARTHY COMPANY.
646 Market st. . . • ' -
PACIFIC Heights; ¦ marine view: sunny; 12-
room residence:. new; artistic. THE McCAIt-
THY CO.. 646 Market st. ; . •
$1250— FOR sale.' house of 6 rooms: lot 23xlOA:
: newly painted; nice garden: everything In ¦¦
-.best condition. .83 East Park st.. Holly Park.
near Mission st. * . " •'
For Additional Classified Adyertl*»w
, ments See Page Thirty. '
REAL ESTATE—CITY— FOR gALB.
aHTuMBS^N^^oT^^^ ~™T- \
• 14 MONTGOMERY ST., '.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$20,000— Fulton St., 6 modern flats of 7 and 6
rooms and bath each : rents $175 per
month; 50x137:6.
$10,500— Green st. ; 2-story house which can be
easily turned into flats; magnificent
- - marine view; 2 frontages, 60x120. .
$9,800— Rents $1176 - per annum; Castro st. ;-. 6.
flats; 4axl25. :
$9,000— Rents $864 per annum; corner on Fulton
St., close to the park; 3 fiats; 25x96:10.
$8,500— Handsome Mission home on Guerrero '
st. ; 15 rooms and stable; large- garden; I
• 50x155.
$8,000 — Rents $720 per annum; 2 modern flats
,: on Hyde St., near Sutter; 8 and 7 rooms
'¦>'¦» "¦ and bath each; 25x87:6. ..
$7,500— McAllister-st. r residence; 8 rooms; bath,
•'¦¦¦' basement, , etc. ; 26:6x100.
$7,000— Nice residence on Page st. of 9 rooms
: and bath; part cash; 30x137:6. -
$6,900— Rents $960 per annum; near Third and
Eryant; 6 flats of 6, 5, 4 rooms; 40x75.
$6,700-Oak st., facing the park; 2. new flats
of 7 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
• $35 per month; 25x106:3.
$6,500— Rents $732 per annum; Stockton st, near
California; 3 bay-window flats of 6, 5 '¦
and 4 rooms and bath. *
tZ, 500— Rents $480 per annum; near Ninth and
Harrison; '4 tenements; 24x85.
$3,500— Rents $516 per annum; Natoma st., near.
Sixth;. 6 flats; 25x75. tS-.i
$3,100— Bryant St.; rents $360 per annum; 2 bay-
window flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath
each; 25x100. • ¦
$2,750— Rents $432 per annum; near Seventh and
Bryant; 6 flats; 25x100.
$2,000 — Store and upper,' near 10th and Folsom.
-Choice list of building lots in all parts of
the city. -
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," containing a list of properties for sale
in all portions of the city.
Latest pocket map cf San Francisco, 25c.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Aeents. .-•.-¦
G. H. UMBSEN~& CO.,
14 Montgomery Street.
AUCTION!
' AUCTION!
AUCTION!'
AUCTION!
AUCTION!,
AUCTION!'
At Our Salesroom, MONDAY, June 17, 1901,
t At 12 O'clock Noon.
REFEREES' SALE.
The following piece of property by order of
G. H. Umbsen and Jacob Brownstone, referees,
subject to confirmation by the court: ¦
238 Sixth st. and 69-71-3 Harriet st.— Improye-
ments consist of store, lodging-house . of 18
rooms and 3 tenements (double frontage); 12:6x
155. - -
REFEREE SALE.
By Order of G. H. Umbsen, Sole Referee.
Stockton St., east line, between North Point
and Beach sts., 137:6x275 (3 frontages)— This
choice holding suitable for manufacturing pur-
poses; subject to confirmation by the court.
CHOICE MARKET-ST. CORNER.
SW. cor. - Market and" . Twelfth sts.— This
choice corner (three frontage*!) is partly covered
by improvements, which consist of store, cot-
tage and 2 flats; rents nominal, $100 per month;
lot 25:11x165, with L 5Cx75.
HAYES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
454-6-8 Haye3 st., north line, bet. Gough and
Octavia sts.— Substantial three-story and. base-
ment building, containing store with 2 rooms,
well-lighted basement and 2 flats above of 6
and 7 rooms and bath each; rents $90 per
month; lot 29:6x120 to Ivy ave.
PARTITION SALE.
465 Minna st., near Sixth — Improvements con-
sist of good building, containing 4 tenements;
rents $48 oer month: lot 25x75.
E. M. CARLISLE ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
1904 Devisadero st., east line, near Pine— Cozy
hny-wlndow cottage of 6 rooms and bath: street
bituminized and accepted by the city; lot 27:6
X100.
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.
NW. cor. Howard and Twenty-sixth sts.—
Improvements consist of 2 stores and 2 flats of
7 and 5 rooms each; rent $G5 per month; lot
60xC0.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
509 Steiner St., west line, near Fell— Cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; street accepted by the
city; lot 27:6x110.
M. LACLAVERIE ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
509 Lombard st., SW. cor. Lombard alley, bet.
Stockton and Powell sts.— 2-story brick build-
Ing of 6 room's: rent $20 per month. ••
HENRY ESPEL ESTATE. ! |
2120 Howard St.. bet. 17th and 18th— Bay-win-
dow house of 8 rooms* and bath; brick founda-
tion, etc.; rent $30 per month: lot 25x122:6. •
NEW MISSION COTTAGE. \
31 Eureka St.. bet. 17th and 18th— A new bay-
window cottatre of 6 rooms and attic; lot 25
xl25.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS & INVESTMENT.
Number 1.
Folsom St.. east line, bet. 20th and 21st— Two
choice building lots; street bituminized; 23x95
each.
Number 2. f
2457 Folsom St., east line. bet. 20th and 21st—
Improvements consist of stable on ground floor
and flat of 6 rooms and bath above; street
bituminized: lot 25x95. .. '
k MARY LEAHY ESTATE.
. 440-2 Harriet st., off Brannan, bet. 6th and
7th — Improvements consist of 2 cottages, of 3
rooms each: lot 25x75.
For further particulars apply G. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO., :
Room 2, 7th floor. Mills Bide.
SAN RAFAEL! ROSS VALLEY!
SAN RAFAEL!
West End— Very flne modern residence, 15
rooms; 7 with open fireplaces; 4 baths and
toilets; 18 closets, laundry, wine cellar, ce-
ment basement, . furnace, large verandas,
lovely grounds, conservatory, stable: a per-
• feet country residence; very low price.
Near Coleman Addition— Residence of 10 rooms
and bath, laundry, cemented cellar; beauti-
ful grounds of about one acre.
Petaluma ave.. near Hotel Rafael— Residence of
12 rooms, 2 baths, 3 toilets, laundry, etc.;
stable, gas machine, orchard; ' beautiful
grounds of ebovit 2 acres.
ROSS VALLEY.
Lagunltas Road, near Ross Station— Fine es-
, ' tate of 3 acres: beautiful modern residence
of 16 rooms, 5 baths. 23 closets, storerooms,
etc.; verandas 16x55; large cellar with wine
closets, etc: electric lights; oak floors; large
stable and barn; fine water supply; grand
forest trees; exceedingly low price; this is
a masnificent country estate.
Lp.gunitas Road— Beautiful summer home of
7'4 acres; lovely residence of 10 rooms 2'
¦ baths, servants' cottage with bath, stable
log /cabin, tennis court, orchard, garden,
grand forest trees; very low price. •
I SAN ANSELMO.
Ross Valley Park— A charming subdivision near
R. R. station; fine, roads and bridges; water
.in front of every lot: trees along avenues;
open lots and lots with great natural trees;
low prices and easy terms. '
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO.
F. B. SURRYHNE. ~~~ ' " "
Real Estate Agent,
. " . 133 Montgomery st.
¦ $7750— Guerrero st., near 19th; 3 new modern
flats, renting for $65 per month: lot 23x95."
$7000— Eddy st.. near Buchanan; 2 flats In
front and 2 in rear; rents $G0 per month- lot
25x120: want an offer. .'
$10,500— Geary st.. north side, near Octavia*
lot 50x120 to a rear street; fair improvements,
renting for $S0 per month; swell location to
build 6 flats. .
$6750— Very cheap residence; Ellis st. near.
Laguna; 10 "rooms and bath; lot 25x120 to a
rear street. \
$5750— Owner determined to sell; Page St.. on
panhandle: nice residence, 9 rooms and bath- 1
lot 25x115; want an offer.
¦ $4CCC— Rents $42; Shotwell st.; 3 flats in good
condition.
$S250— Folsom St.; 2 new modern flats: rents
$45. - • , ¦¦
$9500— Two beautiful flats on Haight St., '7
and 8 rooms; rents $62 50.
$9500— Rents $S7 50; Broderick st., near Haight •
3 flats. . ¦ •¦•-.•¦ -•
$7000 — Fourteenth st. ; close to Market; corn»r
75x100; fair improvements, renting for $62 per
month: a fine buy. ... I
$10,000— Corner on -Howard st. ; 2 flne houses
and lot 40x95; want an offer.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO., ¦ •
Real Estate Brokers,
Nos. 41 and 42, Chronicle Building.
$21,000— Manufacturing center; Beale St., near
Market; rent $1520 per annum. ...
$20,000 — Howard St.. near Second; large lot; sub-
stantial building; rent $1080 per annum
' $6,500— Clementina st.^near 2d; 50x75; rent $50.
$3, 2C0— Tehama st., near 1st; 2 houses;' rent $21.
$4,000— Clementina St., near First; rent $39.
$2,400— Cheap Mission flats; rent; $20; street
bituminized. •
.$5,500— Choice Western Addition corner, near
¦ . Baker-st. entrance to Golden Gate Park;
fine location for flats. . ¦
$6,250— Oak St.. near Golden Gate Park; modern
. flats. '5 and 6 rooms and bath; rent $55;
• v • 23x137:6. ¦.---. .
$4,500— McAllister-st. cottage, 5 rooms 'and
. bath; 34x137:6. . , : -
W. F.AMBROSE & CO..
41 and 42, Chronicle Building.
NEW, finely finished modern cottage, 5 rooms,*
basement; 22d ave., near Clement st...... $2300
Fourth ave. ; cottage,", 5 big; rooms. 3050
Second ave. ; cottage; modern; 5 rooms.. 3050
Second ave; ; modern 7-room, house .... 3600
-Ninth ave.. at Park; 6 rooms.. ............ ;.'30O0
Lake St.; 2-story residence..........'....... 3000
Clement sti; cottage. 5 : rooms... ::......... 2500
Point Lobos flats, 13 rooms; rented........ 4500
RICHMOND ' LAND CO., 323 Clement st.
FOR sale— At a' bargain, a handsome 11-room
residence a half-block from car line ; south
front; healthy location; garden Improved with
¦ flowers and plants ; splendid view over the
city and across the bay. : Box 4232,. Call office.
$1300— NICE cottage, . 4 large rooms; high base-
ment; can be made into flats at little expense;
nice garden; chicken yard and chickens; lot
25x100; ¦ cash ' $500, balance on installments.
- Inquire at 251 Chenery St.. grocery store. . :
MODERN 6-room „ houses; j easy ¦ terms; | Ellza-
• beth St., near Douglass; take Mission and 22d.
" J- ANDERSON,: Builder. . ..,_;¦ --.¦ .;¦..
NEW 6-room homes on Clipper . st.', between
. Church and Sanchez. H. , FEIGE. 1024 : Capp.
$7000— PAYS 12 per cent; 3> new flats; rents $75:
"• 1 must ' be k sold this week. : Address box 4283,
i- Call office.- ; J -: /
COTTAGE of E rooms and' stable; 26x100; on
.; Bryant St.. near t4th; $1700; half cash.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ' JUNE 9, 1901. V
30
REAL^ ESTATE-— CITY— FOR^SAL,E.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
.<-. 22 Montgomery Street.
$2500— Very cheap; lot 36x117:6 to rear street;
I on Dolores, near Twenty-second; stone
I v sidewalks; lot ready to build upon,
j $2i,000— Rent $150 per inonth; one tenant: , 3-
j ttory building containing 30 rooms on
Pine Et., near Taylor; sunny side; lot
27:6x75. '. .
$15,000 — Rents $90 per month: 3 flne houses on
Fillmore et., near Sutter; lot 55x93; fine
business future.
$13,000— Rents $1440 per annum; 3 elegant nearly
. . new flats of 9 rooms and bath each;
\ nil latest improvements; Post St., near
Hyde.
fSOCO— Rents $100 per month; corner on Powell
*t. ; 3 etores and lodging-house; a bar-
gain.
$20,000— Fine large house of 20 rooms, 2 bathe,
furnace, etc., on northeast corner 011
Clay St.: Presidio Heights; lot 57:6x100.
I $3500 — Rents $36 per month; 3 flats, 4, i and
5 rooms and bath; on Broadway, inside
of Larkin.
j $20,500— Pays 6 per cent net; northeast corner
in the heart of the' city; north of Mar-
ket St.; lot 57:6x60. •
$25,000— Paj^s 5 per cent net; downtown corner,
near Taylor St.; fine future; lot 37:6x70,
with good building. /
$9000 — Handsome nearly new residence, with
grand marine view; on Green st., near
Scott; contains 14 rooms, 2 porcelain
baths, furnace, etc. ; hardwood ' finish
throughout; could not be duplicated for
twice the money.
$1200 — Clay St., near Maple; ! cheapest ot:
Presidio Heights; only 2 Ipts left at this 1
price. * {
$10,000— Corner on Turk st., inside of Fillmore;
55x80; on the line of improvement. .
$7750— Fine house of 10 rooms, porcelain bath,
furnace, hardwood floors, etc.; large lot
34:4x127:8; on Washington St., Presidio
Heights. I
$8000— Northeast corner of Ninth and Tehama;
•\r»« 23x80: wln pay handsomely if improved.
$4500— Rents $15 per month; Powell st., near
Clay; 2 flats; 6 and 11 rooms and bath
each.
J17.000— Nearly new; artistic residence contain-
ing 10 rooms. 2 baths and all modern
improvements; large lot 52:6x127:8; on
.„ ««• Ua -hlneton st- . p r esidio Heights.
$11, 000— Rents $1200 per annum; 3 new modern
flats. 6. 6 and 7 rooms and bath; inside
of Van Ness ave.
$6500— Rents $744 per annum; 4 flats of 4
rooms and bath each on Sacramento st.
near Devisadero; lot 27x105.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery st.
CENTER & SPADER, ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
11 Montgomery st. (Lick House block.)
$7500.
Jones et.. near Lombard; residence. 10 rcoms
and bath; lot 30x96.
Northeast coiner Folsom St.; manufacturing
district; 125x160; to close an estate. -
$9000
Haight St., near Laguna': lot 50x87; with two
Z-story houses of 6 and 10 rooms each; rents
$60 per month; Iot worth the price asked
„.,, I33C0.-
FHImore St., near Oak; handsome modern 2-
story residence, containing 11 rooms, baths,
servants' rooms, etc.; will accept a lot on
Pacific Heights as part payment; lot 37:6x110
J9500.
Sacramento st., near Hyde; 5 flats; rents $78-
lot 34x137:6. '
$90GO.
Commercial st., near Kearny: 3-story brick;
under lease to 1 tenant; an offer will be en-
tertained.
$3500.
Mission st., near Twenty-fourth; store and flat
of 6 rooms; lot 30x115: cheap.
$5500.
Two modern flats on Grove st., near Lyon; 6
rooms and bath each; never vacant; lot 25x
137:6.
$3750.
Rents $31 j>er month; 2 modern flats, 5 and 6
rooms; on Fair Oaks St., near Twenty-third-
lot 25x117.
$7500.
Devisadero St., near Golden Gate ave.; choice
lot, 50x125.
$13,000.
Sacramento st., near Fillmore; 76x137:8; will
subdivide.
$3000. .
Walnut St., near Clay: 25x137:6.
$5000.
Rents $32 per month; choice business property;
store and 2 flats; 6th st. ; call for particu-
lars; lot 25x90. f
¦ $6000.
Ninth st., near Folsom: 2-story building; 8
rooms and large stable in rear; lot 23x100;
fnake us an offer for this property.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery street.
$11,000— Rent $100; three brand new flats on
Baker street; 7 rooms each; all rented;
latest design, tastily and expensively
finished; splendid sun and light; mort-
gage can remain at 6 per cent; lot 25x
125 feet; flne interest paying proposition.
$7,730— Rents $73; Powell street: lot 40xS7:6
feet: stores and rooming-house above.
$40,000— Fine brick building, south of Sutter,
east of Larkin; rented to one tenant at
$250 monthly; could get secured lease
for ten years; no water or repairs; big
lot. 58x137.
$10,500— Choice business property in the Mis-
sion,"* on Main street; large lot 60x125
feet; stores and flat above; also portion
of lot unimproved; total rents $89.
$5,500— Fine modern residence on Scott street,
not far from Sutter; 8 rooms and bath;
pleasantly situated.
$2,250— Good bay-window cottage, sunny side
of Twenty-seventh, near Dolores: lot
25x114; contains 5 rooms and bath and
all modern conveniences.
$S,500— Sutter-street flats; 6 and 7 rooms;
rents very low, $50; could easily be
' raised: lot 25x110.
$7,S00— Rents $79 50; Grove street, near La-
guna; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath, also flats on small street; lot
25x120; double frontage; great bargain;
see it at once.
$26,000— Rents $2400 per annum: flne corner on
Devisadero street; building contains 2
stores and 5 flats.
$33,000— Large corner lot on Sansome street;
old improvements; rented for $187; at a
small cost the property could be made
to pay a high rate of Interest. See this
property at once.
$6,000— Park Panhandle District; 2 fine. flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x125;
rents $50.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery street.
HEADQUARTERS FOR* PARK LOTS.
Superior lots; choicest bargains; call and be
convinced.
$100, $150. $200 to $350— Level Ocean Boule-
vard lots; ready to build on; near cars; $5
monthly. ¦ . ¦
Select our Sunset lots; graded and sewered*
all bargains; building up rapidly; don't watt-
$50(/to $900; Installments. .- -
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave., near H st.
$400 to $800— We can positively suit you in
Richmond lots; easy terms,
x" ____
$75. $100 to $250— Level lots near Mission-st.
cars; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
POSITIVE BARGAINS IN COTTAGES ON
EASY TERMS. • •
$4500— Elegant new 6-room cottage, stable and
driveway; 50x120; choicest street In Richmond
$3500 — Best built 7-room cottage; Richmond.
$2000— 6-room cottage; choice St.; Richmond
$1350 each— 2 splendid cottages In Sunset.
. $1000— 3-room cottage: Richmond. ¦
BOL GETZ & BROTHER.
64 Chronicle building.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine St., near Montgomery.
$7300— Rent $720 per annum; a bargain; on
Devisadero st ; a 3-flat house.
$10.000— A bargain on Eddy st., near Scott;
lot 100 feet front by 82:6 deep, with 6 cottages.
$11,000— Rent $1488 per annum; a corner in a
business part of the city; nothing like It.
$2250— Rent $23 per month; a flne double flat
of 4 and 6 rooms, near Sixth and Bryant sts.;
nothing like it.
$4800— Rent ?385 per annum; 8 flne flats on
the north side of Folsom st., near Fourth.
A— DAVID STERN & SONS (HENRY STERN),
Real Estate Agents, 11 Montgomery st.
$3500: choice business corner: Bartlett and
26th; stores and flat; rents $35; 35x75.
$2300; rents $23; Stevenson, near Seventh.
$C0OO; rents $40; 2 houses, Bush, nr. Franklin.
$5000; cottage; Fillmore, nr. Hayes, 5 r. & b.
52750; cottas-e; 3d ave.. np. Cal.: 7 r". .& b.
J>OST-ST. PROPERTY FOR SALE '
Lot south side of Post 6t; sixty-six (66) feet
front: situated between the Crocker building
and Mechanics' Institute building. For par-
ticulars apply to .TAMES A. WHITE, room
11, tenth floor. Mills building.
FOR sale as a whole or in subdivisions; 50-
vara lot; south line Union St.; 137:6 feet east
¦ of Pierce. Lot, northeast corner Green and
- Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,'
224 Montgomery st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
REAL LSTATE— COUSTRY— For Sale
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st. i i
Special bargain— 160 acres near Yuba City.
Sutter Co., short distance from Marysville; all
under cultivation; all rich valley land; few
beautiful Jive oak trees; good buildings; well
watered and well fenced: this land has been
producing profitably and is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
in whole or in part at a very low price. <•
Also 140 acres, all" under ' cultivation; rich
valley land; good buildings; well fenced; short
distance from Yuba City, Sutter Co. ; will be
told In whole or in part to suit purchaser and
at an extremely low price.
The two above pieces rhould be seen to.be
appreciated, and If contemplating- purchasers
win call or write for information a -bargain
will be given. R. D. BROWNE,
¦-'- • Manager Country Department.'
MODERN residence, beautiful grounds, Peta-
luma. $3000: choice residence lots, joining Ba-
kersfield, 60x75. For sale by G. J. MAY 638
Market st: •
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market— Lists of farms and
city property. for eal$ & exchange; send stamp.
BERKELETT ADYERTISEMENTS
.BERKELEY REAl/ ESTATE.
$2500— NEW six-room hovse, half acre of land,
in the finest . part of Berkeley, Claremont
district, where the frost never . affects the
most delicate flowers. ' W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2200 — NEW seven-room house on one of ¦ the
finest streets in town;- flne mantle and side-
board, porcelain bath, tiled sink, stationary
tubs: street work all done; cement walk all
around house; fruit trees and lawn; two
. blocks to cars; $300 cash, balance $20 per
month. W. C. MORAN & CO. ' -.- '-
$750— $100 CASHT~i>alance $10 per month; lot 60
by 130; two. blocks to cars; flve-room house;
chicken house and yard. "W. C. MORAN
& CO. -., ¦'.' ¦ . - . ¦¦
$5000 — TEN-RO6M house and 1% acres of land;
windmill and tank; carriage house,' etc. ;
fruit trees, and garden. W. C. MORAN &
QO. ' - / - .
$1300— $200 CASH, balance ?10 per month; 6-
room house, barn, tankhouse. well and six
lots: fine place for raising chickens. W. C.
I MORAN fe CO. . .".- " ¦"..
$500— LOTS in the Wheeler Tract. W. C.
.MORAN & CO. •¦¦•/¦¦
1. $150 — ACRE lots; only -a few left: $10 down,
1 . balance $5 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
?2500-8-ROOM , house ; corner lot. 50 by 100 ;
sewered and I city water; $100 cash, balance
$20 per month, or will trade for a 1 ranch
of equal value. * W. C. MORAN & CO.
5-ROOM cottage; good location; near station
and street, cars; barn, chicken houses, city
water, fruit trees; price, $1200; $100 cash;
balance $15 per month. < RUDOLPH, PER-
KINS & LYON, Lorln station. ¦ .'¦ '
A PICK-UP; 6-room cottage, modern in every
respect; lot 40x100; close to local trains and
street cars; price, $1250; $100 down; balance
$15 per month; bank loaned $1200 on this
property; this Is a genuine bargain. RU-
DOLPH, PERKINS & LYON. Lorln station.
HIGH basement cottage; 5 extra large rooms
and bath; windmill and tank, flower garden,
stable, chicken house, etc.; price, $1750: $200
cash; balance $15 per month; this property
...will rent for more than installments; Lank
will loan $1400 on this. RUDOLPH, PER-
KIN3 & LYON. Lorin station.
WHY ray. rent? Modern cottage of 4 rooms
and bath, with high' base'ment, near trains,
street cars; "stores, etc. ; street and sf wer
work all done; lot 37x120; insured for $1000;
rents for $10 per month: price. $1400: ?150
down; balance $15 per month: take Berkeley
: train,' get oft at Lorin station: office west
Fide railrcad track. RUDOLPH, PERKINS
& LYON, Lorin station.
Open Sundays. . . ' •
$800— House of 3 rooms; lot 50x130.
$2750— House of 6 rooms; lot 50x134:6, near the
university. . \
$2800— New house of 6 rooms; large lot; near
station.
$3000— Well appointed house of 9 rooms; large
lot; near the U. C.
DO YOU WANT TO BE BEHIND THE TIMES?
If not, take a look to -day. at those houses on
Prince ot., Lorln; 2-story house of 9 rooms and
only $3300;. corner lot; street work all done.
Two-story house of 7 rooms and only $2750;
guaranteed to be as well built as any house
erected and equipped with' electric lights, gas.
Combination fixtures.
Window shades.
Cement sidewalks and the ability to cook
your potatoes with the aid of the sun's rays;
each house has a
SUNSHINE WATER HEATER.
Mind you, living in one of these houses you
need never be without hot water, night or day;
take a look at them and when ready to talk
business call upon
JOS. J. MASON.
- . Adjoining Postofflce,
Berkeley Station.
HOMES IN BERKELEY—
We have houses for sale in all parts of Berke-
ley, at prices to suit the workingman or, the
capitalist; fine bargains and easy terms.
If you desire to build we can sell you a lot
in any part of town you wish to locate and
furnish free of cost plans and specifications for
a house.
Whether seeking a home or an Investment,
you can't beat Berkeley for desirability.
If you haven't sufficient money with which
to 'build, we can> help you.
SATOFF & WILKINS,
2121 Center St.,
' Berkeley Station, Cal.
No. 122, $1200— 5-room cottage; lot 50x110; cor-
ner; cheapest cottage in Berkeley.
No. 190, $1750—6 rooms and large attic; owner
gone North and ordered this property sold at
a sacrifice. ~
No. 194, $2200— Property must be sold; 6-room
house; large lot; 1 block to electric cars; make
an offer.
$6000— 18-room house for exchange for Income
ranch: well located for rooming-house. •
- S. S. QUACKENBCSH,
Real Estate and Insurance,
' Opposite First ' National ank."
PRETTIEST, cozy little home in Berkeley; new;
J complete: open plumbing; fronts main street;
electric cars in front; near station; lot 40x
1 138; sloping lawn; flowers, chicken houses,
¦ stone walks; partly furnished with new fur-.
' nlture; easy terms ¦ if desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland. ,
$3750— New modern home of 7 rooms, with
all conveniences; large lot; near college; just
completed. MAY & MORTIMER.
$650— Lot 49x60, corner of Shattuck ave. and
Cedar st.; one block of N. Berkeley depot; a
snap. ' • •
J2O0O— Neat 7-room house; always rented; flne
view; street work done; near cars. MAY. &
MORTIMER. Berkeley. . -•
SEE the new houses I am building In all
parts of Berkeley. W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorln Station, and Schmidt block. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
• OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth street, Oakland.
$20,000— A gentleman's country home, near
Oakland; handsomely laid out with choicest
shrubberies; flne full-bearing orchard; modern
residence.
$12,500 — Sacrifice; magnificent suburban
home; 5 acres; beautifully situated between
Oakland and Berkeley.
$18,000— An unusual sacrifice; cost' $27,000;
elegant home; choicest central elevated block
in Oakland: corner; two $30,000 and $40,000
houses adjoining.
- $13,500— Lakeside district; reduced from $18,-
000; handsome 12-room, up-to-date home; lOOx
' 150. ' '
• $8500— Alice st.; 12 rooms; bet. Thirteenth
and Durant: we are authorized to sell;
choicest location. ' .
$$030 — Over $17,000 expended on 8-room resi-
. dence and half block of grounds; magnificent-
ly situated In a warm thermal belt on the
- heights of East Oakland; owner going to Eu-
hope; extraordinary sacrifice for quick sale;
musk be seen to be appreciated. !
$5250— Cost $8500; elegant centrally located
home; 9 rooms; 50- foot lot. "
i $4250— Market station; modern 9-room home;
cost $55C0: all in first-class order.
$5250— Fine modern 7-room flats: rents $52;
- mortgaged; builder needs money; must sell.
$6000— Fine investment; two 2-story houses;
8 rooms; 60 feet; business property; near
Broadway: rents Jolft- . .
$3500— Telegraph and Thirty-third; modern
home; 8 rooms; 35x170; stable; splendid home.
¦ $4100— Two acres; modern 8-room home; all
in fruit; nicely situated: at Elmhurst.
$3250— Beautiful' Albion or Twenty-ninth st.;
near Telegraph ave. ; lovely new 8-room home.
$2850— Snap; 6 blocks of Broadway; 9-room
modern home; 5 years ago cost over $4000. ;
$2850— Telegraph and Twenty-eighth; beauti-
ful tower cottage; 7 rooms; lot 60x145; fine
neighborhood. ¦
• $2850— Near Eighth and Adeline: flne 1%-
Btory 8-room cottage; cost $4000; offer wanted.
$2500— Offer wanted; over. $1500 mortgage;
bay-window 2-story house; 7 rooms; bath; flne
order; fine stable; lot 50 feet; near Telegraph
and Thirty-eighth st.
- $1100— Near Seventh and, Broadway; old
house; 6 rooms; SO feet; bank sale; snap for
right party. • ¦ . » ¦
.,$2750— Easy terms; cozy. new 7-room colonial
home; finely located; nearer than Linda Vista.
$9000— Near Thirty-second *• and. San Pablo
ave, "North -Oakland: a grood, cheap house; 6
"rooms; 2-story; lot 25x132; -street macadam-
,lzed; driveway and stable; must sell at once;
; going away. • ' • . r
:•'•-•. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
'.'. 460-462 Eighth Btreet. .'.«.. - - : Oakland.
$160 CASH, $6 monthly— Cottage of 8 rooms,
hard finished; 2 fine lots, all fenced; a flne
home for a small family or." bachelor, where
peace I and j quiet reign; * near a fine I school,
. electric cars, church and town hall; 100
families located within 3 years; soil, cli-
mate and • view ; the very best; good ¦ nelgh-
• bors and pleasant surroundings; adjoining
i East Oakland; price in all -$425, to make
"speedy sale; see this at once. Call or send
for circular.. 455 Seventh St.. opposite Broad-
.way station. Oakland ;." carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, : owner. , * - .' : ' . . ; .
$250 CASH— $8 50 monthly; a nice cozy cottage of
j 4 rooms; 6-foot basement: 2 flne. 60x100 lots; all
fenced ; city ¦ water ; also a flne well of wate.r ;
some young fruit trees; on a newly macadam-
ized wide avenue; can be used as business prop-
erty; quite aithrlfty community In vicinity;
away from raw winds and fog; near electric
car lines and fine public school; adjoining East
Oakland; price all told $975. Call or send. for
' circular, 455 Seventh st., opposite Broadway
station, Oakland; carriage free. •*¦ •' - vv;,>
¦-¦-,-" ¦:¦.-'¦.'¦¦- .V.-.H.Z: JONES,; Owner.'
FOR sale— A bargain; house of six rooms,- good
1 barn and chicken houses:* lot 150x140, great
variety of large and email fruit and • choice
, flowers; - must be :seen to be -• appreciated;
healthiest 'part of Oakland. Inquire of owner,
860 E. 24th Bt., bet. 19th and 20th av..'E. Oak. >
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
i It pages,' in wrapper for mall inc. $1 per year.
. REAL ESTATE— COUXTRY— For gale
LIQUIDATION SALE .
¦ ./ OF REAL 'ESTATE IN MENDOCINO ;
-. COUNTY.
I Being the balance held by the Bank of Men-
¦ docino, I v/ill sell at public auction to the
highest bidder, at Ukiah, Mentlocino County,'
¦ 1 on Thursday, the 20th of June, at 2 p. m.:
1 The Montgomery ranch of 1440 acres, near
- Wllhts. .
The Joe Bennett ranch of 1520 acres, near
' Eden Valley. ¦ '
! The Barney ranch of 1120 acres, township 20
north, range 12 west.
' . The Collett ranch of 1600 acres, near Wllllts.
'• The Ford ranch of 1600 acres In Redwood
" Valley. • •
, The Charles Luce ranch of 3200 acres at
1 Ukiah.
The Haskett Severance ranch of 92% acres
and hotel at Navarro Ridge. '-'•
The Doolan ranch of 357 acres at Ukiah, to
1 be sold as a whole or in lots to 6ult. • -
The Paxton & Dihel ranch of 2650 acres near
\ Ukiah, to be .sold as -a whole or in lots cf 40
: acres or ' more.
The Kellen ranch of 800 acres, near Orrs hot
springs. ¦ " -
The P. R. Klein fruit land of 140 acres at
Calpella, to be sold, as a whole or in lots of 20
acres or more.
The Donohoe prune orchard of 13 acres at
Ukiah. -
1 ¦ The Charles Luce lot of 24 acres, near Ukiah.
697 acres timber land, township 19 north,
range 13 and 16 west.
; 160 acres timber land, township 15 # north, j
range 14 west. * :
160 acres timber land, ' township .21 north,
range 17 west. ¦ ~
£40 acres timber land, township 14 north,
range 15 west. - ,
144 acres timber land, township 14 north,
range 15 west. \ '*' ,' ¦•_
160 acres timber land, township 18 north,
range 16 west.
I • One-half interest in 160 acres timber land,
township 14, north, range 14 west.'- ¦
The Carlson Hotel stand at Mendocino, lot
160x175 feet. .
. One-half Interest in lot and three houses - In
Point Arena.
House and lot in Ukiah city. •
The Anderson Valley flouring mill, with 47
acres on Indian Creek.
The Irish ranch of 1580 acres at Philo, 40
acres of hop field and balance farm and grac-
ing.
The T. J. McGlmsey ranch at Boonville, 2145
acres farm and grazing.
The McDougal ranch of 400 acres, near Her-
mitage. . . . ;
TERMS — 10 per cent down on day of sale,
balance in thirty days.
Plats of the above can be seen at McNab &
Hlrsch's, Ukiah; Cloverdale Bank; Exchange
Bank, Santa Rosa, and will be furnished . on
application to the Bank of Mendocino.
CO. PACKARD,
President Bank of Mendocino.
THE Mezes Tract at Belmont,
Containing over E00 acres, with many beauti-
ful lots, covered with oaks and other trees
and commanding grand view, within one hour
of the city; In subdivision; price only $75 per
acre and up. '
\ For further particulars, address
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
FOR sale— 80 acres of the richest farming land
in the State, situated at Marshall, Marln
County, including all buildings and spring of
fresh running water:' county road and N. P.
C. R. R. passes round the farm; 6 minutes',
¦walk to schoolhouse, 5 to postofflce; 6 minutes
to N. P. C. R. R. station; details and price
on application. Address JAMES RISCIONI,
Marshall, Marin County, Cal.
FOR sale — 300 acres, 2^4 miles from Haywards,
Alameda Co., , Cal.; a bargain; fine improve-
ments; worth double asking price; must be
seen to be appreciated. For full particulars
inquire of S. SALZ, Decoto, Cal.
$2500— RANCH, four miles from Healdeburg, 110
acres; 10 in vineyard, 3 in orchard, balance in
pasture and timber; house and barn; school,
store and postofflce near, by. Inquire 1428
Ellis st. :
A RARE chance to secure farm, or stock
ranch, 160 or 320 acres. Government land, in
Humboldt Co., Cal.; house, bar. out-bulld-
lngs; good water. Golden West Hotel, r. 246.
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us. for free
copy "Napa County Viticulturlst." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
FOR Mendocino County utock ranches and
farms address W. M. PEERY. Ukiah. Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranehes for sale; write 'or
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SAVSALITO REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE or for rent— $3850 ; JusT^ompieted;
8-room residence in the choicest part for
view and sunshine: every convenience: strict-
ly modern and built by day work; $400 cash;
$30 the first month, payments decreasing
each month if desired; lot 60x120 feet. DR.
. CRUMPTON, Sausalito, , or Albert WllfOrd,
3009 Jackson st.. San Francisco, from 12 to 5.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATES.
ROSS 'Valley home, V6 acres; bearing orchard;
modern house, 10 rooms; 5 minutes' walk from
Ross station; very . cheap. J. TUNSTEAD,
San Anselmo.
$160— ROSS Valley lots, 25x160. near San An-
selmo station. Apply 576 Jackson St.. city.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$650— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25x100.
$1000— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 27:6x125.
$1100— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 25x150.
$1500— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 50x150.
$1600— 2-story cottage of 8 rooms; lot 25x107.
$1900— 2-story cottage of 7 rooms; windmill,
etc. ; lot 50x150.
J220O— 2-story cottage of 7 rooms; lot 37:6x120.
$2700— Modern cottage of 6 rooms; lot 50x1 IS;
near Morton station.
$4250— Modern cottage of 7 rooms, stable, etc.;
corner; on Central ave.
$1500 — Lot on Union Bt., near Central ave.
1 $600— Lot near Morton station.
ALL NEAR SCHOOLS AND STATIONS.
Bargains in" unimproved lots.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent/
Agency N»w Zealand. British America, Citi-
zens and London 'Assurance Companies.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
Bay Station. Alameda.
$1,600— Lot 25x180; 2-story, 8 rooms and bath;
half block from station.
$2,250— Lot 53:4x150; sunny side of street; hand-
some cottage; 5 rooms and bath; $230
down and $20 per month; one block from
station and school.
$2,600— Lot 37:2x150, near Park st.;- handsome,
new, up-to-date cottage; 5 rooms and
bath: rreat bargain.
$3,000— Lot 50x140; handsome, new cottage: 7
. . rooms and bath; $500 down and $25 per
month.
$3,50C— Lot 40x150, with new, modern 8-room
house; finished -basement; Morton st.,
between both railroads;. $500 down and
$30 per month.'
$5,00C— Lot 44x150; flne residence, 9 rooms and
bath near Chestnut-st. station; great
bargain; sunny side of street.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1422 Park Btreet. , Alamc da.
Live amidst sunshine and flowers, In Alameda.
GREAT BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
On easy terms! Easy terms! Easy terms!
Large building lot, 50x160, only $600.
¦ Fine modern 5-room cottages, from $1500 up.
.Must be sold at auction price — a modern 2-
- story colonial home; large lot; sacrificed: '
$2250. •
Bank foreclosure; 7-room cottage;, lot -45jc
150; on principal avenue; near trains and
schools; $2350. ' - ¦ - ¦
Greatest bargain in Alameda; 7-room t-
story house; flower garden, .beautiful lawn,-
etc., near Morton-st. station; sacrificed on
account of owner leaving ¦ country. Price,
$3250. '¦ >- • ,-
Houses built.' rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
15C0 Park St., Alameda, and
Fruitvale avenue, Fruitvale.
' Office open Sundays and evenings.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND. T~ ~
2326 Santa Clara ave.. near Park street.,
RELIABLE REAL ESTATE AGENTS!
$400— Fine building lot; corner; Grand st.
$1,000— Lot on Broadway; 60x150. Snap! See
this'.'. - . 1 " <
$900 — Four-room cottage, barn, etc.; must ba
sold'.'. ¦ - ¦...,. : - 1
$1300— Five-room cottage; large lot; fine lo-
cation.'
$1600— Swell; 6-room cottage; Eagle avenue.
Open Sundays. . . . ;
' Houses rented, property exchanged.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
FOR SALE— . • "•
$10,S0O— 4 blocks; 52 lots; great bargain; re- .
duced to $5000; must be sold. -
SU0O — Five-room cottage; lot 3OxlE0: only $1100.
$1600— Five-room, modern cottage ; Iot 55x100
a must be sold.' . .' ' • . . •
Lot on Weber st: $10CO. ¦ . SJ
10 lots on Ninth st. ; $260 each: 30x270. i-.-;<
E. D. JUDD < CO.,
i 1424 Park st., Alameda.
ALAMEDA, and Fruitvale bargains for Invest-
ors and house-seekers; on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty. ¦ «:¦ }
SPECIAL BARGAIN. ;
One of the finest residences' In the city; 10
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc. ; best location; fin-
ished ' in oak. birdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated; lot 85x170 feet. . »
- A. R. DENKE.
.. Webster-st." Station, Alameda. *
$1350-^-MODERN cottage. "5 rooms and bath,
Just finished; lot 33x100; part; cash. J. H
YOUNG, 1243 Park St.. Alameda. ¦ - : ; v - ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The. Weekly Call, '
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
¦ ¦ALAMEDA > COTTAGES FOR SALE; > ;
FOR sale— Modern cottage, ; 6 rooms; ' bath; lot
60x150. 1618 Mozart at., Alameda, Mastlck stn.
ROOSIS FOR HOP8EKEEPI5Q.
ALL or part double parlors, dining-room,
kitchen and bedroom; furnished; sunny cor-
ner; conveniences.' The Vera. 301-303 Polk st.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— 3 nicely fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping;
cheap.' . . . '. , ,¦ ¦ ' ¦
CLARA. 152— 5 rooms; unfurnished; rent cheap.
CLEMENTINA, 327— 2 well furnished sunny
. housekeeping | rooms for man and wife.
DEVISADERO, 261— Nicely furnished front
suite, with kitchen and bath.
ELLIS. S25— One furnished room;* single or
double; bath, gas. ':^->.*r.'<V ¦-' ¦'
FOURTEENTH. 216— A large sunny front room
and kitchen furnished for housekeeping.
FTJLTOX. 233—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
connected ; gas stove; bath; no children.
HAIGHT, 222— Two perfectly appointed house-
keeping rooms for a couple: telephone.
HOWARD. 923V4— Nice I sunny housekeeping
- rooms to let; gas and bath.
HOWARD, 1518— Furnished front or back par-
lor or both with use of kitchen and . bell.
HYDE. 299 — Large sunny rooms; will be fur-
nlshed complete for housekpg. ; other rooms.
HYDE, 408— Sunny alcove suite complete for
housekeeping. $20; also basement suite. $12.
HOWARD, 539 — 2 nice sunny rooms for house-
keeping; yard.
HOWARD, 728— Newly furnished housekeeping
rms.; reasonable; also single room. $6 month.
LARKIN. 1007— (The Cragburn)— Housekeeping
rooms; also single; all front rooms. . ,
MCALLISTER. SS— A suite of 3 rooms suitable
. for housekeeping; nice yard.
MINNA, 28— Housekeeping and single rooms,
I 75c and $1 50 per week.
MOSS, 13. oft Howard, between Sixth anc
Seventh— 2 rcoms furnished complete for
housekeeping. .- •- . ~ .
OAK, 123— For rent— Two housekeeping rooin3,
with hot and cold water; bath.
O'FARRELL, 317— Newly furnished room3 for
housekeeping; gas range.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping: t!5 up; reference.
POLK, 1019, near Post— Furnished sunny alcove
. room; kitchen; gas range. -
SECOND, 212— Well furnished housekeeping
rooms; also other rooms; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 137—2 or 3 nicely furnished
sunny front housekeeping rooms; also single.
SOUTH PARK. 190—2 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping. *
VALENCIA, 1232—2 sunny rooms furnished for
housekeeping; gas; bath; use of tubs.
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia ¦ st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
roomS — -^ • Tto~let^
A—^For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
. nlshed, unfurnished, .with or without board,
finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny St.; tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best *1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; SI 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— MARKET, 1049A— Nicely furnished suites,
$13 per month up; singles, $5 per month up.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA, 13414— Large sunny front room, suit-
able for 1 or 2 gents.
CLARA, 166. near Fifth— 3 unfurnished rooms;
also one room.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 305— Nicely furnished parlor suite, or
single: call after to-day; references.
EDDY, 524— Elegantly furnished rooms.
EDDY. 1320— Two or three sunny unfurnished
rooms to let: cheap.
EIGHTH 126B— A nicely furnished room; rea-
sonable; private family.
ELEVENTH. 225. near Howard— A sunny fur-
nished front room; rent $7.
ELLIS, 595— Nicely furnished parlors, with or
without board. t, : . .
ELLIS. 732— New, elegant rooms, suits and 5ln-
gle; $2.30 up weekly; tourists accommodated.
GALT House, 1206 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
HAWTHORNE, 172, nr. Harrison— Sunny me-
dium-sized room for gent; reasonable; refs.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk St..
nr. Market — New building, elegantly furn.:
just opened: strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments; inspection invited; must
be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month: references.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant ¦ suites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk and Taylor.
LARKIN. 706—3 to 5 furnished rooms; light and
eunny; in upper fiat.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—2 large rooms furnish-
ed, $12; unfurnished, $10.
MARKET, 1C27&— Nicely furnished sunny rooms ;
terms reasonable.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished: private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
METCALF PLACE, 10, off Geary st, near Tay-
lor St.— Furnished room; cheap. -
METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to $3 per day.
MINNA. 667, corner . Eighth— Newly furnished
' bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1275— Nicely, furnished front or back
parlor; also one - single front room. ¦
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
.offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 805— Comfortable furnished room-
running water, use of bath; $5 per month. '
PERRY, 182— Four sunny rooms and bath; $12.
PIERCE, 1320, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell— Nicely
furnished back parlor; very sunny; gentle-
man preferred.
POLK, 603— Sunny suite and 2 other rooms;
rent reasonable; running water and gas.
POST, 414, upper- flat— Sunny furnished hall
room, for lady; $5. _»
ROSEDALE House, S19-321 Ellis at—Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent * light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies* par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8: month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold. water; baths. -
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth. St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, J32— The Ottlngton— Few choice
suites and several small rooms; cheap.
THB Crocker. 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
¦poms, single and en suite; beautiful grounda.
A'BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia at. ¦ • . , :.
ROOMS AND BOARD. *
AN exceptional table; pleasant ' rooms - good
service; ppoular rates. 807 California st.
A MOST desirable suite of sunny corner fur-
nished rooms, with or without board, for 2
ladies or 2 gentlemen or married course, or
admirably suited for doctor or dressmaking
parlors; no children preferences required. 743
Castro st., near Twentieth. .
THE Roanoke, 808 Bush— New house; newly
furnished; suites with bath; perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment ; elevator ser-
vice; cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door. "«'• . •
SUNNY front room, . with board, . In . private
family in Western Addition; suitable for two
- men or lady and gentleman. Box 4230, Call.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver) — Elegant sun-
ny suites or single rooms; private baths; ex-
cellent table and service.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nlshed sunny ' rooms, en suite . and single,
with board. . - -. _ •
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel. 71* Valencia at.. 1 Mls-
sion warm belt-M3ood board; fine rooms;
'reasonable rates; cars pass the door. .
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly forn.-
excellent table; special rates to tourists.. -.
PINE, 1008 ': (The Victor)— New management'
thoroughly renov.; sunny suites, with board.'
ALMORA Hotel.-. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
- gantly famished suites or single. . with board.
EDDY. 880, bet. Van Nes« - and : Franklin—
Handsomely furn. sunny rooms, with board.
HOTEL Repeller,' ,781 Sutter-Newly furn,-
, ' excellent table ; 1 special rates to tourists. -
HOTEL Las Palmas., 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or
8 rooms, bath. - connecting; t beard optional.
¦ ;^ ROOMS tWAJfTED. i > • •
UNFURNISHED room: rant not. to exceed U,
Booth; nttfCUMMlat, Bos m\ c2L
SPECIAL WOTICES. j
giata. Cnichester Chemical Co.. Phl.ada... Fa.
NOTICE-Abandoned children in the Ro^l
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January- 1300.; .
- Elsie Harris, age 6 years; Mary Kevlll. ag9:
8 years. ¦ " "
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections rnade:
city or country. PACIFIC lOLLECIION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ft., room* 9-1": f»I. SaSQ.
SEWIXG MACHISES AXD SPPI> _V5^1I
ALL kinds of sewing machines repaired at yoor
own price; renter!; latest improved for sal*.
2216 Mission st.. near Nineteenth; phone IOjX
ALL. Ttinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. '- Charles Flambeck. 1315 Mi;»rpn. nr. lotn.
ALL kind3 bought. 30W. rented, exchanged, re- •
paired: open even.: rhone .Black 1124. 20:> 'itn^
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLTH Storage ami Movtnsr Co..
office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Mala 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion sf.: tel. Howard S4i. F. W. ZEHTUSg.
BE KINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;)
tel Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates. _J
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-j
pany. 23SO Fillmore st:: phone Jack3on 2S1.
TYPEWniTERS AXD SUPPLIES, j
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We»
sell better machines for less money than any;
houce In the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter;
Exchange, 636 California: telephone Main 268.
REXT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week;
and haye your work In sisht. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montsrmry: tel. Black 48S3.
D1VIDKXD XOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 28 (30 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of tha
company. 327 Market st.. on and after Mon-
day, June 10, 1901; transfer books closed Mon-
day, June 3, 1901, at 3 o'clock p. m.
• E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Consolidated— A dividend. 'No. 30. oC
seventy-flve cent3 (75c) per share on the Is-f
sued capital stock of the company has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, 430 California St., San Franciaco. on
June 10, 1901; transfer books close June 3,
1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS.— State Pri3on supplies. — Sealed
proposals will be rec-jived at the office of the ,
clerk at the State Prison, San Quentin. until
10:30 a. m.. Saturday, the 15th day of June.
1901. and at the office of the clerk at tha
State Prison at Foldom, until 9:30 a. m..
Monday, the 17th day of Jcne. 1901. at which
times and places they will be opened in tha
presence of bidders, for furnishing and dellv-l
ering supplies for said prisons, consisting ot
subsistence- stores, forage, fuel, fuel oil. fur-
nishing power to run the Jute mill at San
Quentin, clothing, medicines, lime, cement .
and other staple supplies, from July 1. lioi.
to ' June 30. 1902. inclusive, on conditions as
per printed schedules, which will be furnished
upon application at either of the above of-
fices. No bid will be considered unless mad*
upon said schedules, nor unless accompanied,
by the certified rtieck therein required, nor
from any other parties than bona fide dealers
in the classes of articles to be furnished.
Each bidder must .accompany his bid witli
a certified check upon some well known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his I bid. payable to
R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the board,
conditioned that the bidder will enter into
a contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. Bids for either prison must
be marked separately. All payments made
on contracts will be paid In cash or Con-
troller's warrants. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of. the schedules. The
. board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may require, and
to order any quantity over or under the
amount specified. R. M. FITZGERALD,
president: F. W. REYNOLDS, acting clerk.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Henri Dufrechon. 34, Oakland, and Hermence
Abadie, 24, 1305 Franklin street.
James C. Perago. 25. 24 Minna street, and
Marie G. Wrisrht. 22. S33 Howard street.'
- Walter G. Bancroft; lo. 861 Market street,
and Gertrude Collins. . 25. Santa Cruz.
Thomas Graham, 49. Newark, and Catherine
Bitner, 30. city.
James D. Helm. 41, 3593 Nineteenth street, j
and Estelle Brinn. 30. 1334 Ellis street. I
Robert L. Ellzey. 23, 427 Sutter street, and!
Linda Clark. 23. 7C9& Green street.
. John Donovan. 2?. city, and Catherine Kelly, I
20. city. -- ' • • .. - .. j • .; 1
Ernst A. Mifsbach, 40, St. Helena, and Maria!
B. Hilzinger, 26, city.
William -E. Lee. 21,' Stockton, and Addle M.
Tillson. 19. Stockton. !
James Dunn. 47, Roop. Nev., and Annie E.
Christensen. 20. Roop, Nev.
William V. Pupsley. 32. 321 Ellis street, and,
Louise Williams, 18. 321 Ellis street. ]
Ernest A. -Lange. 33. 23* Twenty-seventh
street, and Johanna Hulsmann, 22, 232 Twentjf-
seventh street. .'
Charles Long, 27. 26S Geary street, and Lizzie
Nugent. 22. 125 Valencia street. • )>:
Thomas F. Esan. 27, 1609 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Margaret Heberser, 22. 192S Golden
Gate avenue.
Edward J. Couch, 33. 806 Twenty-second
street, and Dicie Woods, 27. 509 Gough street. U
Arno R. Schimpferman. 23. Bakersfleld, and
Ada' Stevens, 18, 15 Sumner street.
Pasquale Vecchio, 22. 1712 Howard street,' ,
and Rosie Verbiscio. 16. Crockett. (33
Clarence L. Ayers, 42, Santa Rosa, and Ma^J
tha E. Hegler. 39, city. . .TE, '
Jeen Larrouy, 24. 2523 Pine street, and Leon-
tine Vera*. 19. 2323 Pine street. .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— J3EATHS. '
Birth, marriage and ' death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b»
indorsed with the name and residence of peiw
sons authorized to have the same published.
, , BORN.
EVERARD— In Lcomis, Placer County. Cal..
June 6, 1301. to the wife- . of . E. Brlnkle y
Everard, a son.
McGRATH— In this city. May 25. 190L to tha
wife of P. .McGrath, a son.
MORAN— In this city, June 1,1301. to the wlfa
of Frank, Moran. a son.
NELSON— In this city. June «, 1901, to tha
wife of Charles J. Nelson, a son.
PEGGS— In this city, June 1, 1901. to the wife-
of James E. Peggs. a daughter. -, -,. -u \\'
SCHAUMLEFFEL- In this city. May 29. 1901.-
to the wife of . William, Schaumleffel. twin
daughters.
WARREN— In this city. June 4, 1901. to the.
wife of P. F. Warren. | a son.
WEEKS— In this city, June 3, 1901. to tlie wife
of E. W. Weeks, a daughter. ,
WEIDEMANN— In this city. May JO, 1901. to
the wife of George A. Weidemann. a daugbV
¦ - - TVTARBIED]
A.TKTNSON— VAN BENSCHOTEX— In East
Berkeley. June 2, 1901, by the Rev. Charles
K. Janness, Harold Leon Atkinson and Jen-
nie Van Benschoten. both of Berkeley.
BISCHOFF— MENTZEN— In this city, June 4,
1901, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Herrmann J.
A. Blschoff and Annie M. Mentzen. ¦ .
CARROLL— BAUER— In this city, June- 8. 1901.' \
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, ¦ Cordellk •
C. Carroll and Mary Loosli Bauer, both of "S ?
San Francisco. . ¦
DOHERTY-MANUEL-In this city. June 1.
1301. by , the Rev. E. B. Church, John C
-Doherty and Ella Manuel. . . •
GATES— BUTTIMER— In this city. June 5.
1901. by the Rev. M.-D. Buck. Rudolph Oliver
¦ Gates and Ellen Adeline Buttlmer.
LEE— TILLSON— In thla city. June 8. 1301 by
the Rev. Dr. John A." B. Wilson. William
Ermel Lee and Addle May Tillaon. both of
Stockton, Cal.
REARDON-PARTRIDGE— In this city Jun»
<r. 1301. by the Rev. S. J. Hutsinpiller: P J
Reardon and Jessie M. Partridge, both of
San Francisco.
RIELLY-McAHDLE-In this • city Ma'y 22*
1S01. at St. Joseph's Church, by the Rev'
Father Sullivan, John J. Rielly and May e"
McArdle.
3CHIMPFERMAN-STEVENS-In this city'
June 8. 1901. by the Rev. Dr. John A B
Wilson. Arno Robert Schimoferman of Bak-
ersfield and Ada' Ruth Stevens of San Fran-
CISCO*
-* , DIED. * . ¦
Argall. Elizabeth Hu'ddleston. Julia
Ascheim. Rose Johnson. John F
Baird. Lydia T. McGregor, Ellen '
Bank George J. Mlbach. Pew j
Bradley. Alexander Mooney. Martin '
Carmody. John (y Connor Mlchapi
Church Minnie S. O" Neil". MaSe?
SSKStTKS 1 . ¦ TibbmTiS F '
, Garrett. Francis G. T lton. jJ»iet
.
¦ICTFuneral this day (Sunday} " »» * ,«
o'clock; from 623 Golden VGate av4nue iV^
termsnt arivate. - avenue, in-
•5S5R
v9° nt^?^ >a, Page Thirty-Two*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS/
REAL. ESTATE.
$250Or-PAIR* of -flats' (10 rooms) and rear cot-
, • tage;, suitably located for a" boarding and
. rooming house; would rent for $37 per month
steadily: lot 37x140. feet; near local station.
.-GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway,
•¦ - Oakland. ~ ••
$4000-CORNER on San Pablo ave.; store and
living rooms; street work all done; forced sale
on account of ill health of owner; finest op-
portunity in Oakland: choice business loca-
tion. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO. 1008 Broad-
way. Oakland. . : -.,"¦.-
$2000-CO.ZY new.Eastlake cottage, of 5 rooms
and high basement; sunny side if » Just com-
. , .pleted; easy terms can be arranged; nice lo-
cation. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. 1008 Broad-
' way. Oakland. ..-•¦. . . .
$3500-9 ROOMS; lot 30x125; close toMarket-st.
station; choice residence location. GEO. W.,
AUSTIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.'
$1500 — FINE gore lot: business property : flne
location; thickly settled; streets complete:
cost over $2300; Insured for $1500; butcher
shop, grocery : and - dwellmg (2-story) now;
near cars and train; will arrange terms. GEO.
W.. AUSTIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$5500 — ELEGANT home; sacrificed; corner 8th
and Adeline sts. ; only 1 block from station;
t 13 rooms; modern plumbing and steam fur-
nace;, finished basement and attic; lot 50x100 '
I feet: nice lawn and all in good condition; cost I
~-$U,0C0; a big sacrifice. GEO. W. AUSTIN
& CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2500— ONE block from Broadway; cozy cottage
of S rooms, basement, bath, etc.; in flne con-
dition and right in the very heart of Oak-
land ; choice neighborhood ; open lawns ; stone
walks, etc.; bank loan $1650 can remain; bar-
gain for . a home or investment GEO. W.
AUSTIN & CO., 1003 Broadway. Oakland.
$25 "PER month; a big bargain; right on Grove
St.; Eastlake cottage 7 rooms, bath: high
basement; total only $2500; "see this place at
once» GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broad-
way. Oakland. . ¦ .
$1500— PRETTY cottage in East Oakland, on
Twenty-third ave. ; bath, hall and basement:
lot 27x119, and chicken houses; handy to cars
and train. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 100S
Broadway.
PRETTY, brand-new Eastlake cottage of 5
rooms; flne plumbing; high basement (Just
completed); very Bunny; street and walks
complete; not far out; terms can be ar-
. ranged. See owner to-day at 1008 Broadway.
$6000— A SNAP: one of Oakland's most artistic
homes in Piedmont; 8 rooms; brand-new; ele-
gant elevated corner lot; select locality;
large lot and open lawn; a forced sacrifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway,
Oakland.
IN AUSTIN PARK.
Telegraph and Twenty-seventh.
Take electric car at Seventh and Broadway
and look at the property to-day.
. One house completed (7 rooms, 40-foot lot,
. $3230) ; two more under way (6 rooms, 40-foot
lots, $2750); several more contemplated; see
plans at office. Will alter and build to suit
on easy terms of payment. 'These are new
houses, on a new street, in a choice neigh-
borhood; the prettiest property In Oakland
for the price. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
. 1C0S Broadway, Oakland.
$15 PER month (no cash down required) ; cot-
tage of 5 rooms; sunny side near San Pablo
ave.; total only $1000; liberal discount for
cash. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2200— A NEW bungalow cottage, up-to-date, 5
rooms and bath; an ideal home;, large lot:
near local station and business centers; cheap
for $3000; owner must sell; wants an offer;
mortgage J1S00, balance cash.
.1. S. MYERS & CO..
. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$3700— ALMOST new 8-room house: double sets
of plumbing; concrete foundation; extra heavy
construction material; double floor; beautiful
neighborhood; sunny corner; close to busi-
ness centers, schools, cars, etc. ; built for a
home; cost $4S00; owner leaving and must
be sold; first come first served. —
. J. S. MYERS & CO..
$40 PER foot— Residence lot on Franklin st. ; a
few blocks from 14th st;, original selling price
100 per foot; how is this— seeing is believing—
call." , ' J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3600— ORIGINAL cost $60C(fc a few blocks from
business centers; sunny exposure; lot 62 front;
barn, coachman's room; private water sup-
ply; terms $SCO cash, balance bank mortgages.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
. ' ' 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
PIEDMONT— A bargain; I have a fine new
modern two-story cottage of six rooms, with
pantry. . bathroom, storeroom, ' stable, chicken
houses and yards; fruit trees, berries, ' flow-
• ers in plenty; large lot, 65x110; everything
- .that it takes to change a house and lot into a
flne cojnfortable home: the owner -is going to
Nevada, and it must be sold at once; can be
' bought for $2400, with/ only $400 cash, balance
on mortgage; title perfect; if you are looking
for a bargain, call and look at this.
. - JAS. S. NAISMITH,
¦ 452 Ninth St., Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
• Call,. 1G pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
. OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
-..,., ,. .I..I..M.H.-UTL' ..¦¦¦J-. .r.uav r, . ,. -n..ruM.. ,i ¦ .i...,.,,
$15—6 ROOMS, near town; sunny.
$12—5 rooms; modern stable; central.
$20— 6-room flat; right in town.
$20 — 9 rooms; near trains; sunny.
$11—7 rooms: cars pass door. . ,
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway, -
The House Renters of Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES. ¦
$35— NICELY furnished house; marine view;
clean; finest location; all modern.
$40—9 rooms; right in town. '•
$35 — 6 rooms, flat; nicely furnished.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway;
The Oakland House Renters.
ELEGANTLY furnished 5-room cottage; piano,
yard full of flowers; cheap to right parties.
1760 Thirteenth ave., 10 minutes' walk from
, East Oakland station. .
$40 WITH water; Linda Vista: 9 rooms, fur-
nished. Box 174,' Oakland, Cal. -
OAKLAND FURNITURE] FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
FRUITYALE ADYERTISEMENTS
F^RJ^ITVALE^ REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station, Cal
$700— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms and btia; stable;
flne well and force pump; 2 small tanks; lot
75x100; all fenced; this is a bargain.
$975— Good cottage •„ of 4 . rooms, 1 furnished ;
stable, chicken-houses and SO chickens; good
horse, harness and cart; fruit trees in bearing;
lot 5CxlO8; all fenced. :
• $1100 : (reduced from $1500) will buy a nice
cottage of 6 rooms, basement, etc.; lot 60x146-
only 1 block from electric car line; $100 cash,
balance same as rent. •¦ v«,i;
$1250— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
high basement; lot 35x115; fruit trees; located
in the best part of Fruitvale: only half a block
from Fruitvalejave.; easy terms if desired.
$1200— House of 4 roomg and bath; pantry; S
closets; large stable; 2 . chicken-houses; 1
brooder-house; 60 chickens; good horse, harness
and wagon; lot 100x230; all fenced; good well
and pump; only 1 block from electric cars.
$1650— Choice 5 bargain; new bay-window cot-
tage of 4 large rooms; 7-foot basement; good
-brick foundation; bath;- hall; closets; lovely
pantry; marble washstand: stationary tubs;
chicken-house: lot 60x265; all fenced; flne loca-
tion; only 6 blocks from Fruitvale station.
1 $1675— Modern 1 2,-story . house of 6 rooms and
bath; . flne mantel; corner, lot; 2 ¦ blocks from
Prultvale station ;\must be sold at once.
$1850 — Two acres of sandy loam; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; high basement;
stable and chicken-houses; good well, windmill
and tank; flne location; 3 blocks from electric
cars. For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
$650— 3-ROOMED cottage, hard finished ; well;
lot 50x100; fenced, with nice yard and 13 full
bearing fruit trees; one-half cash. •
$800— 8-room house with mantel ; well or city
water;. lot 60x130; all fenced; chicken house.
$800— 4-room cottage, . large ! rooms; -chicken
house and fine flowers: lot 50x100; fenced. -
$2000— 6-roora cottage; . modern city water;
fruit trees;. chicken houses with runs and one-
half acre of land; fenced.". -
$5000— One of the flne places ' of Fruitvale
with 8 large rooms; modern; fine stable; wind-
mill and tank houses; 2% acres of ground; $1000
cash,' balance to suit.; ' : ' • ¦ " ¦
1 We will build : you a house to suit you and
sell it on installments. Call and seo what'
we have,-
ALAMEDA LAND CO.. Fruitvale, or 1500 Park
... st.-. ¦ Alameda. . •¦':¦:¦'...-¦ ' ,,;.- -. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
. MILL VALLEY/ REAL V ESTATE.
THEHEART OF MILL VALLEY.
• ' > Formerly Known as'
¦ ¦¦'¦ '-''The '.Wormonth 'Tract," -
¦ - - ; Now =• to *Be Called \'J.
Z-' i. ; Sunnyside Tract. ¦;:•¦
This beautiful tract, -'. consisting: of over 40
acres, -, is - now. being subdivided into lots and
will % be ; immediately placed :the market-
for sale."; Streets will. be graded. ¦ macadamized
and; sewered.' " The ;• California ; Title Insurance
and Trust • Company .¦ of San Francisco ¦ will
issue ' an insurance < policy ; for . every ¦ lot sold
guaranteeing title. ; " , <¦ ' t '
For maps and full information address
. . McAFEE BROTHERS.
¦,_,.•_- 108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
THAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
£1S-— 0 Montgomery Street.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
U6.SC0 — Three modern houses, 12 rooms and bath
each; rents $142 50; always rented; lot
60x137:6 feet; Washington St., inside of
Larkin,
FINE XEW RESIDENCE.
$G,EOO— Waller et., near Masonic ave.: lot 23x
137:6 feet; t stories; brick foundation;
10 rooms and bath.
BIG BARGAIN.
{25,000 — Northeast corner Sixth and Clementina
t Ets-; lot S3xS0:G feet: 2 stores with 22,
rooms above; rent $160.
IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
{37.500 — Close to Howard st., near Second; large
lot, 75x100 feet, through to rear street;
present rents $115; Ehould have new
buiidin^.
LOOK AT THIS TO-DAY.
Il.SIQ — Cost $4000: bay-window cottage of 6
rooms: bath and basement: S649 Twen-
ty-first Ft., bet. Church and Sanchez;
lot 50x114 Teet; a sreat chance to get a
bciise.
MARINE VIEW— BROADWAY.
H4.000 — North side of Broadway St.. near La-
eunc. : residence of 9 rooms and bath;
iot C2:Cxl37:6 feet; with unobstructed
marine view.
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE,
PACIFIC HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
C0.000— 1st floor, living room, finished in Span-
ish cedar, dining-room in oak. kitchen
and butler's pantry; second floor, five
bedrooms and bath, porcelain tub; attic,
four bedrooms and bath, unfinished at-
tic for trunks; basement, floor con-
crete; two finished rooms; laundry,
•wine closet, furnace room.
SACRAMENTO-ST. LOT.
SI. £00 — North line, near Laurel St.; lot "3x100
feet: street work ail done; very good
neighborhood.
PAGE-ST. CORNER.
«00 — New fiats; rents $142 50 monthly; a very
rood investment: 6 tenants in all; lot
37:6x112:6 feet; rents are low and can
be increased.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
COO — 2-story building; rents $110; a foreclos-
ure sale.
{14,000— MCALLISTER ST., N. line. bet. Web-
ster and Fillmore; lot 75x137:6 feet; very
good 2-story cottage containing 12
rooms.
THIS IS A BARGAIN.
$S,500— Xortheast corner Central ave. and Clay
et.; lot 60x100 feet.
VAN NESS- AVE. CORNER.
B7,000— Residence, contains 32 rooms and 3
baths; salon parlors, dining-room, sit-
ting-room, kitchen, 7 sunny bedrooms;
house alone cost price asked; lot 2SxlO9:9
feet.
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
$S, 000— Stores and flat; 3 tenants; ren-ts $60;
lot 30x122:6 feet.
J7.5C0— Southwest corner GREEN AND OCTA-
VIA STS.; lot 50x124:7 feet: must be
Bold; no reasonable offer will be refused.
LOOK AT THIS INVESTMENT.
{22,500— O'Farrell st.. near Hyde, two houses;
rents $140; lot 45 feet front; a positive
bargain and must be sold.
VAN NESS. NEAR PACIFIC.
JS500— Van Ness-ave. residence; bargain; lot
ilone worth the price; contains 9 rooms and
oath; near Pacific ave.; lot 25x100 feet.
A MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
S13.500
North tide of Vallejo st.. between Buchanan
»nd Webster; lot 40 feet front by 317:6 feet In
Jepth, with modern residence of 12 rooms and
V baths; house about 5 years old; inspection
'-"ill prove this to be one of the biggest bar-
fains # In marine-view homes ever put on the
tnarkc t; lot and improvements have been ap-
rraised by competent brokers at tA - er $15,000.
INVESTMENT— PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$7000— Rents $32 per, month; south of Market
«.. between Third and Fourth; call at our
»Qce for ' full description.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
21S-220 Montgomery st.. Mills building.
UADISON & BURKE.
Established January, 1S38.
Real Estate Acents.
full Charge Taken of Property.
€26 Market 6t.. opposite Palace HoteL
Geary et., inside Larkin; 50x137:6; partially
improved; only $25,000; cheapest offering on the
ctreet.
J2500— Offer wanted; brick improvements and
ot; Clementina st., near 'First: lot 25x75; $1000
Mortgage cp.n remain.
Cheap— O'Farrell st., near Devisadero; con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rents $23-
inly $2900.
$.-¦300— Broadway, near Octavia st.. 7 rooms
ind bath; a nice home in choice section; lot
SExO.
Two flats; Clinton Park, near Dolores et ;
*nt $340 per year: price only $3500.
J43O<>— Twentieth st., near Valencia; 8 rooms
end bath and stable; lot 2SX114.
$15,C0O— Beautiful modern house in the best
»art of the marine view section of the city.
$8500— Pays $78 per month; flats; Scott near
Sills; 31x137:6. ' -
$2500— Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
ind bath.
$3000— Morris avenue, near Bryant st.- double
»ouse ; rents $24; lot 23x75.
$1500— Folsom st., near 8th; 25x90; two houses I
•t $16 each; total $22.
$5000— Post st., near Baker; lot and improve-
nents; rent $33; lot 25x127:6; must be sold to
:lose estate.
$€500 — Pine st.. near Scott; two fiats: rents
S7 50; lot 2oxl37:6.
Laundry building with 2 flowing wells of Al
vater, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north line
if Lombard st., between Fillmore and Steiner-
ilso lot i;2xl2u on Chestnut St.. in rear; rents
'73 per month; mtiEt be sold on account of non-
A?sidence.
$10,500— Fine vacant property; lot 37:6x90, with
.-no corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.; Just
.he slace for a grocery.
S2600— Cheap ; Sixth st.. near Brannan; 2 flats-
*ere is a good future for this property.
$7000— Harriet st., near Howard: lot 50x73
aiding frontage to Sixth st. ; rent $56. '
$4000— Leavenworth st.. near Jackson; 8 rooms
end bath: 22:6x115.
$1950— Florida pt.. near Twenty-fifth; cottaee
rooms and bath; lot 20x100.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
C. M. EFECK & CO..
667 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY.
Genuine Bargains in Best Portion of City
AOOO— Post st. corner, downtown; splendid
building: 60 feet front; paying 6 per
cent net.
C1.000— Sixth-st. corner: Hi blocks from Mar-
ket; rents $323; fine building.
»40,000-Grand Investment; few blocks from Tl-
voli; modern building; leased to one ten-
ant for 5 years at $4OU0 per annum; only
Vt cash.
M0. 000— First-et. corner; 75 feet front: whole-
sale and manufacturing district- vicin-
ity new Crocker build ins.
3i, 500— Ellis st., close to Taylor; new building-
one tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about ?28C0.
- C6.00O— Downtown Mission-st. bargain; 70 feet
front; this is a rare buy; the largest
lot to be had on Mission st. to-day
«,000— Best improved; north of Market st
close to Geary and Grant ave.; 4-story
and basement brick building; 40 feet
frontage; rent $170.
8,000-Howard St.. near Third; Eplendid 4-story
•and basement structure; no better buy
to be had in this district; low rents $125
a.*00— Western Addition business property-
stores and flats on best street: DO- foot
JIM 1S a ° lean Investment : rents
- •". 000— Sansome-st. corner; wholesale district-
35 feet frontage; rents $135 ' *
.: l.OOfr-Modern flats; rents $140; lot 50x137-6-
«m«_ « ClD ,f °° Wen Gate Park "
5S100— McAllister-t-t. income property near
Octavia; two frontages; rents $83 per
inonth; lot 27:6x120. . *
A. M. SPECK-& CO..
C67 Market street.
MAKE a home secure in old age by the aid of
«uqr terms of JACOB HEYMAN COMPANY
$2Co0— New 6-room and bath; latest improve-
ments; on Hoffman ave.. near Twenty-third
«.; street sewered and graded; close to Twen-
ty-fourth St.; electric road; agent. James Cot-
$S75— New 4-room and bath cottage; corner
rot. near Cortland ave. and Bchoolhouse- MIs-
«!on-6t. car; easy terms.
«00. $150. $200 and $350— "Park lots; great fu-
Orjy 2 lots left fronting the boulevard, be-
tween J and K sts. ; street graded, ready for
building; a splendid place for a hotel, over-
looking the ocean; great future.
*S5O-38xlt0; .worth S1200; on Ninth ave.. 100
En SNfdSr Bt - ncxt t0 CaIlforala =
elmhurst station— Acreage ground to sell in
the Aliven tract: cheap: good for chicken
ranch. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter
MISSION St.. near China ave.: 3 cheap lots
each 25xSl:3; will submit any reasonable
<jffer; aekmg price $800 i>er lot
$2300— Oak Et.. facing park; street work all
done. I
SS750— Fine home; very cheap; Liberty st
near Guerrero; lot 2;sll4. .>•,.!
5X00 and may be less— Fine lot on Ml««Ion
it., close to 14th. the transfer point.
J200 will Jruy a large corner 75x100 in South
San Francisco; this Js worth $500; must be
field at onoe. :
McEWEX BROS.. IIS Montgomery st. I
TINE corners for- business • or residence;
graded, $350: not .graded. $2a); cash or in-
stallments; near cars. Apply to S60 Jessie Et.
KEW modern houses. 6 rooms; bath; on Mont-
gomery ave;. near Leavenworth et.; $2300. In-
¦Ullmcnts J15 monthly; take Hyde-si, car.New York Stock Market.
WASHINGTON.
* TACOMA,' June 8. — WHEAT — Quiet * and
steady;; Blue Stem, 62c;. Club, 60c. ......
PORTLAND, June 8.— "WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 59(3*0c; Blue Stem. 61@62c. • . ,
OREGON
: PORTLAND, June. 8.— Clearings, $292,814; bal
ances, $57,154. , •/ . .¦;; ¦¦ " ; ,
Northern 1 Wheat Market. •
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Spot steady; No. - 2 red. Western
winter,' 6s;. No. 1 California, 6 S l%d: No. 1
Northern spring.' 6s %d. Futures "dull; July,
Bs:10V4d: September. 5s 9%d. ¦ , . • ., .
CORN— Spot qulet:> ' Amprican mixed new
4s lid; do. old. 4s 2%id. Futures quiet; July,
3s lW4d; '.September, 3s ll%d.. ....
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, steady; £4@
£4 15S.. .- ¦'.'. , ' -.: ¦ ' -.' ¦- • ¦ ' ...¦:¦
CLOSING.
LONDON, June 8.— Consols, S3 5-16; silver.
27 7-16: French rentes, 10"lf 2(lc; cargoes on pass
age, quiet and steady ; English country mar
kets, oulet. .
LIVERPOOL; June R.— WHEAT— Easy; No. 1
standard California, 6a l%d®6* 2d: wheat In
Paris, weak; ffour In Paris, weak: French coun
try markets, quiet: weather In England, fine, j
COTTON— Uplands. 4 ll-16d. • .
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, June 8.— Imports of specie this
week were $36,591 gold and $75,093 silver. Ex
ports of gold nnd silver from this port to all
countries for this week neeregate $1,020,644 sil
ver bars and coin and 16568 gold. The Imports
of dry eoods and merchandise 1 for the week
were valued at $12,907,190. r ¦
Exports and Imports.
NEW , YORK, June ' 8.— The . cotton market
opened steady, with prices up 4«7 points, and
closed steady, with prices net 3(56 points lower,
having weakened near' the close under heavy
selling. ¦ ! . ' • ' ' • ~ * •¦¦'• . * ¦ :
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. .Tune 8.— Continued Indifference
prevailed throughout the list In local metal
circles and prices were without change. Ofter
lngs-of tin, however, were on a liberal scale,
but found few takers, which created an easier
feeling in that metal, with spot quoted at 28.709
28.75c. Lead ruled dull at 4.37%c. Spelter also
¦was dull at 3.95040, and copper nominally un
changed: Domestic iron markets were without
change, but were nominally easy at 9.50#10.. r i0c
for pi? iron warrants; in Northern foundry.
13.2oip!l6.o0c: Southern foundry, 14@15.50c, and
soft Southern at 13@15.50c. • . '
New' York Metal Market.
CHICAGO. June 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200;
steady. Good to prime steers, $3 50@6 10; poor
to medium. $4 50@'5"40; stockers and feeders,
$3@4 90: cows, $2 65*?4 75; heifer*. $2 75<g5 10;
canners'. $2@2 60; 'bulls,. $2 80@4 50; calves,
$4 Mtffo 7S; Texas fed steers, $4 50@5 60; bulls,
$2 7S©3 86.- *—*_•.,.-. »^_ m+im£' tTmmi • - ' .
HOGS — Receipts. to-day, ,18. 000; Monday, 39.000;
estimated left-over, 3000; easier: top, $6 02%.
Mixed and butchers'. . $5 70@5 97%; good to
choice heavy, $5 8O1S8 02%; .rough heavy, $5 63
66 75; light, $3 70@5 87%;- bulk of sales, $3 S3
@5 95.
SHEEP — Receipts. 12.000: steady. Good ¦ to
choice wethers. $3 90® 1 25; fair to choice mixed,
$3 75©4; Western sheep, $3 90@4 25;, yearlings,
$4 15(f?4 35: native lambs, $4@4 25; Western
lambs, $5@5 25. . . ' .
Chicago Livestock Market.
Wheat— "July. Sent.
Opening' 5 10% ¦ 5 9H
Closing -.... 5 10V4 ' 5 9*4
. PARIS. '
Wheat— . . . June. Sept.-Dec!
Onening 19 70 20.35
Closing 19 75 20 43
Flour— .- , . ..
Opening 24 50 . 26 00 •
Closing •' 24 65 26 20
LIVERPOOL.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, "60 days... — $4 86%
Sterling .Exchange.-sight.... ...... — 4 8914
Sterling cables ...... :... — . 4 90
New York Exchange, sight:.:.";.. — ,12%
iNew;York- Exchange, telegraph.. — ' 15
Silver, per ounce.... .'......*... — . 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal' 49%-. @ . 50 ; .
Wheat and Other. Grains.
WHEAT— Paris and ' Liverpool were lower
again."; t !'¦'„' ¦¦'. J --' ¦ .
¦¦ Chicago was weak, dull and bearish, owing to
lower cables, and ; the ¦ leaders sold . on rains in
the Southwest. Large short lines were put out
on Snow's estimate of a ' crop of .785,000,000
bushels. The weather was cool and cloudy in
the Northwest,' and Kansas and the Southwest
reported. good rains. Statistics are all bearish.
¦ This \ market showed no ' Qhange worthy of
note. The stock. on hand in the State appears
above.< .. : v.£ ¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%@9S%c; ; milling,
$1 02%®! 03%. "•./- . ¦-¦ : " : ; ¦
CALL BOARD SALES
J Informal Session — 9:15 .o'clock— December—
2C00 ctls, $1C2%;' 4000, $103. ,,
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
BARLEY— The market shows little change,
though both spot and future prices have a
downward tendency.- ' The stock on hand In the
State appears above. It is rather lighter than
expected. ¦ . -
' Feed. 73?$(fz.75c for. No. 1 and 70@72%c for off
grades: Brewing anjd Shipping grades, SO a 80c;
Chevalier, nominal. . . _ : ¦ • - ¦ . •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 40CO
ctls. e9v^c; 20C0. 70c.--.Vi .¦¦*¦ . '• , ¦
Second Session— 40CO ctls, 69%c; 4000, 69%c;
12.0C0, 69%c. •- " ¦
Regular Morning Session— December— 2C00 ctls,
6914c Seller 1901, new— .2000, 66%c; 2000, 67c. '
- OATS— As will be seen above, the stock on
hand in the State i3 -away below. what it was
at this time last year. The market shows no
change. White. $1 42%«il 55; Surprise, $150®
165; Red, $1 33<gl 45 ; Black, ' $1 22%@1 32% per
ctl.'--'.' ¦ •¦--•'..:¦ - '¦•'. ;'•¦¦. ¦'-, ' . • ¦"
CORN— Small round Yellow, $1 50; Eastern
Yellow, $1 32%©1 37%; White, $1 35@1 37%; mixed,
$130. . """.-. ¦• : :.' . -.. . -
RYE— 77%@32%c"per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted. at $1 65 per ctl, ei
warehousp- /
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family - extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' 'Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family, and
$2 75® 3 for bakers'; Washington -bakers', $2 75
@3. ¦ ¦¦ • • ' ' :
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows' usual discount to the trade: Crahhm
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75: ¦ Hye
Meal $2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3: ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy.
$3 75@4; Buckwheat • Flour, $4@4 25; .'Cracked
Wheat,. $3 50; Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25: .Rolled .Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85;
in sacks. $6@7 50: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay stood as 1 before quoted; the market be
ing steady. There was nothing new. in Feed
stuffs. ....
BRAN— $17«51S per ton.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS— $17(frl9 50 per ton. ¦ ' ¦ » .
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $17@18 per
ton* Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26;. Jobbing,
J'C 60- Cocoanut Cake, ' $17® 18: Corn Meal,
$27 5O02S; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29; Mixed Feed,
"$15<316. .¦..-.
HAY New. $6@9 50: old Is quoted as fol
lows: Volunteer, $5??8: Wheat, $1150@13 50;'
Wheat and Oat, $10@12 50; Oat, $9@11 50; Clo
ver nominal; Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Barley, nom
inal per ton.
STRAW- 25@47%c per .bale.
Everything under this head remains as be
fore. " ' - ..• ' ¦¦--
BEANS— Bayos. $2 45@2 60: Small White. $1 80
<f?5; Large White. $4"® 4 20: Pink, $1 40@l 70:
Red. $3<S3 25: Blackeye. $3 10(f?3 25; Limas, $6 23
@6 3".: Pea. nominal: Red Kidney. $4 75 per ctL
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary. 3%«
3%c for. Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c: Hemp. 3%c; Timothy. 6V4c
. DRIED PE AS— Niles, $1 60 pf r ctl. •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
- New Potatoes were | firmer in sacks and
weaker In" boxes. Onions -were not .'materially
changed. * ,,-*.•• - • ' ' , • .
The Vegetable market was oversupplled with
String Beans. -and prices were lower. Tomatoes
were In lighter supply and firm. . Other Vege
tables were about the same.
POTATOES— BurbankP. $1 40«?l 60 . for Ore
gon: Sweets, nominal; New Potatoes, ' $1 50@l 75
in sacks and $1®2 in boxes. •
ONIONS— Australians. . jobbing, at. $4i^4 25:
New Red, 30@60c per sack; New Yellow, $1®
1 15 per ctl. , — "
I VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, ' 250 : 85c per box;
Asparagus, $1 75S2. for large, $1 25@1 50 per box
for No 1 and 40c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
75c<S$i SO per saek; String Beans. l%@4c; Cab
bage . 60(5 73c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los An
geles 75c@$l 25; from Winters. $1@1 25; Dried
Peppers. 12@18c; .Dry Okra, 15c per lb: Car
rots. 25%35c per sack; Harysvllle Cucumbers.
75c@$l 25 per box; Winters, $1 73; Bay, $125®
150- Garlic. 3goc for new: Green Peppers, 20®
25c p«*r lb; Egg Plant. 61810c per lb: Green Corn,
85c® $1 50 per sack: Summer Squash, 50@85c per
box"; Bay do. J1C5@1 50. ¦.
Poultry and Game.
The market closed the week !dull and un
changed.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ' 9@10c for Gobblers
and 12S13O for Hens: Geese, per .pair, $1@1 25:
Goslings. ¦ $1®1 23; Ducki, $3 5004 for old
and $4@5 for young; Hens. $3 50W4 F0: young
Roosters. $G uCiRtf 50; old Roosters, J3 50@4: Fry
ers $4^4 50: Broilers., $3@3 50 for large and $2
iff 2 50 for small ;' Pigeons. $1 SOfSl 75 per dozen
for old and $1 50«?l 75 for Squabs. . ¦ •
GAME-J191 25: Hare, $1(?1 25; Rabbits, $1 25
@1 SO for Cottontail- and 7oc@$l for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The gradual decrease In receipts of Eggs con
tinues and the best grades are firm in conse
quence. The lower grades remain quiet and
Cheeses la In- large supply and weak.
There Is no change In Butter, the market be
ing quiet and well sur#lied. Fine creameries
are firmand the lower t gradesieasy.
.Receipts were -30,400. pounds and 166 tubs of
Butter, 942 cases of Eggs." — — cases 'Eastern
¦ Eggs. 5050 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese. .'.. ,; .
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. 17%@18c per - lb for
fancy and 16%@17c.for seconds; dairy, 14@16%c
per lb.
CHEESE— New, 8<JP9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas* 9®10c per lb. ' ' - . ¦
EGGS— Ranch. 14%@17c for good to fancy;
store 12%@14c. per dozen. -. ..--'. .
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER — ' ¦ • . '
Creamery-^Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
S CHEESE— Fancy. ': full • cream, So:, choice^
"!V.c- common, .nominal :. Young Americas. 9%o;
Eastern, full cream. 15@16%o per * lb.
EGGS— ..•"'"':. ¦¦¦
California Ranch— Selected White, 16c; mixed
colors 14c .per. dozen. \ :- ¦¦¦¦.-¦
California Gathered— Selected, -.13c; standard,
12c; seconds, : He. ' - ; " .'.
Deciduous and ' Citrus i Fruits.
Seventeen crates • of "Watermelons came', in
froni Indio, • and were quoted at $4@5- per dozen.
Nutmeg melons, .front Yuma, $2 50@3 per crate.
The Orange auction ¦will be continued a week'
or two longer, and will consist chiefly of offer r
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels i 15,000 10,000
Wheat, bushels ".-...- 83.000 11.400
Corn, • bushels ..S42.0OO 173,000
Oats, bushels ..'......256,000 411.000
Rye bushels ' MOO 2.000
Barley bushels .' '5,000 1.0(?0
On the Produce Exchange to-day' the butter
market was steady; creameries. lniSlS^c; dair
ies, 14©16c. Cheese, steady. . 8S4@10%c. Eggs,
weak, loss off cases returned, lie.
x. . '¦ ! ¦ — — — : *¦
C.ifh quotations wer« as follows: Flour, dull;
wint»r patents. S3 S0<fl3 90; straights, $3 2003-70;
clears. J2 r<oiS3 40; spring specials. $4 20; pat
'ents. $3 45@3 80; straights. $2 90@3 25; .bakers',
52 2f<Sx2 6ft; No. 3 spring wheat, 67%@74c; No.
2 re,1, 74®76c; No. 2 corn. 43%c; No. 2 yellow,
43%c: No. 2 oats, 28y.c; No. 2 white. 30@30%c;
No. 3 white, 28%@30%c; good feeding barley.
: <!6c; fair to choice malting. 50@S5c: No. 1
flaxseed, $1 72; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 72; prime
timothy' seed, $3 65; mess pork, per barrel,
$11 65@14 70: lard, per 1C0 pounds, $8 40@8 42%;
Bhort ribs sides (loose), $8.05: dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). 674@7%c; . short clear sides
(boxed). $8 25S8 35; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 27. * . - *
"Sicily filberts are firm but quiet at 9%@9%c.
Sicily shelled almonds are higher abroad,
cables reporting prices equivalent to 25%c laid
down here. The spot market is firmer, some
holders asking up to 26%c. Jordan shelled are
quiet at SS%@40c. Some holders who asked 40c
several days ago were willing to sell Saturday
at S9c"
"Evaporated apples are strong both on the
?pot and for futures, due to the reported poor
prorpects for the coming crop in "Western New
York. Bids of 5%c are freely made for epot
prime, with holders firm at 6c.
•'A 6aie of a car under prime was reported
st 6%c. Fancy apples are quiet, but there is
feme" trade In choice. Waste Is higher and
rather active at Jl 12%@1 25. Chops are dull.
Future prime apples are offered at 7%c. with
bids of 7c. Pun dried quarters show little ac
tivity. A bid of 4c was reported for fancy
ptock. Sliced are virtually out of the market.
"Apricots are very firm on the spot and for
new crop. Choice Vacaville goods, 1901 pack,
lire offering at S^ic, f. o. b., coast, but buyers
ere not disposed to pay that figure, and no
tales are reported. Peaches are quiet but firm.
"Currants are etrong, with a very fair buy-
Ing movement from the country, where stocks
generally are light. The city trade is buying
very elowly. The Alsatia is due the middle of
the month with 2500 bbls and the Pocahontas,
now loading fresh fruit in Sicily and due here
In July, has 1000 bbls for this market.
"There wa« tome further activity in Cali
fornia layer raisins on Saturday, but the busi
ness done was not extensive. Sales of 3-crown
layers were made at J.1 40. Otherwise do
mestic raisins are dull. Imported Sultanas are
firm and in some iVmand in a small way. The
trade in prunes has been reduced to very email
proportions.
Mall reports from New York Fay
Dried Fruit in Nczv York.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings for the past week were
$21,170,818, against J1S,933,O71 during the same
week last year.
Central Pacific as sufficient to complete Its
line to the Pacific Coast. Authorized disclaim
ers met many of these rumors. Of general con
ditions which have played a part in the week's
speculation most important was the. undis
turbed course of business. The firmness of
prices and the continued high level of rail
road earnings have shown nn effect from that
<?tock market panic, although time baa been
given for Fiich effect to bseome evident. This
is accepted as reassuring as to the soundness
of general conditions and as demonstrating that
the speculative furor had not resulted in in
flation outside of the stock market.
Business in railroad bonds has been small
outside of some speculative Issues, which have
moved in sympathy with stocks.
United States refunding 2s and the new 4s
advanced % per cent over the closing call
of last week. »
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
¦Shares ' Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
10.COO Atchison 86U
5.100 Atchlson prefd 102ft
200 Baltimore & Ohio T107
4,000 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 9614
200 Canadian Pacific 104
Canada Southern 69
1,900 Chesapeake & Ohio 50
f00 Chicago & Alton.. 46U
400 Chicago & Alton prefd 80*i
100 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 196^
100 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 3S%
100 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd.... 73
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 133
10,800 Chicago & Great Western 23%
•100 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 82%
300 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 47
Chicago & Northwestern 200
1,900 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific... 169
400 Chicago Terminal & Trans 23%
S00 Chicago. Terminal & Trans prefd.. 44%
C C C & St Louis S5
1.0CO Colorado Southern 15%
?00 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 52
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 23*i
100 Delaware & Hudson 166%
500 Delaware. Lack & Western ...235%
• 700 Denver & Rio Grande .»51%
1,700 Denver & Rio tJrande prefd 99
11,500 Erie 43%
2,400 Erie 1st prefd 70
400 Erie 2d prefd 57%
100 Great Northern prefd 1*5
100 Hocking Valley 54%
200 Hocking Valley prefd 77
1,000 Illinois Central 142%
1,400 Iowa Central 37%
300 Iowa Central prefd : 65
... Lake Erie & Western 59
Lake Erie. & "Western prefd 119
9,100 Louisville & Nashville 1(19%
3.200- Manhattan Elevated 118%
1,400 Metropolitan Street Railway 171%
300 Mexican Central 26'.4
400 Mexican National 11
Minneapolis & St Louis 97
15,400 Missouri Pacific 117
3,100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 30%
£00 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd fiS%
100 New Jersey Central 160
2,400 New York Central ISMfc
700 Norfolk & Western 53%
Norfolk & "Western prefd SSVi
Northern- Pacific. - - 120 -
100 Northern Pacific prefd SR*i
7,800 Ontario & Western 37 ! .i
P C C & St Louis 78
9.100 Pennsylvania — '. 15"V*
10.800 Reading *6 .
1,000 Reading 1st prefd <?
1,200 Reading 2d prefd 56"4
200 St Louis * San Francisco 46%
200 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 86%
700 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 71%
1.600 S Louis. Southwestern 35%
7.600 St Louis Southwestern prefd 69%
16,200 St Paul -166
St Paul prefd 186
24.300 Southern Pacific S R *4
8,600 Southern Railway 33%
1,000 Southern Railway prefd 8«%
11,000 Texas & Pacific «H
1100 Toledo, St Louis & West 22%
1.000 Toledo. St Louis & West prefd..... 37%
29,100 Union Pacific 107
600 Union Pacific prefd '. 90
4.6CO "Wabash 23%
11,700 "Wabash preM 41
700 "Wheeling & Lake Erie 20
P00 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 33%
700 Wisconsin Central 23%
200 "Wisconsin Central prefd 46
. Express Companies—
Adams 1W
American 192
United States 90
Wells-Fareo loO
Mlscellaneour —
23.400 Amalgamated Conner 122
3 400 American Car *- Foundry 30»>4
500 .American Car & Foundry prefd 84%
. American Linseed Oil...; 14
200 American Linseed Oil prefd 43
1500 American Smelting & Ref 57%
100 American Smelting & Ref prefd 93
S.90O American Tobacco 142?^
3 100 Anaconda Mlnlnr Co 4834
4,RfW) Brooklvn Rapid Transit... SOU
100 Colorado Fuel & Iron •. — 101%
400 Consolidated Gas 221%
10 200 Contlnenta.1 Tobacco 70
3firiO Continental Tobacco prefd 122%
100 General Electric 246
900 Glucose Sugar X RS
2600 Hocking Coal 23&
International Paper .' 22
2TO) International Paper prefd...: 78
:M International Power 9«=v;
100 Laclede O»s 8S%
National Biscuit '. 45
500 National Lead 21
National Salt 44
100 National Salt prefd 7714
... North American 89%
1200 Pacific Coast 67%
4ftO Pacific Mail 43
2?ftO People's Gas 11*%
jwx> Presort Steel «7ar 45
400 Prised Pt*el Car prefd Sfi
... Pullr"»n Palace Car 209
r.00 Republic Pteel 19%
«w> Republic Steel prefd 75
- 4100 Bugar '- 143%
?.(*) TVnnwe Cos>l & Imn 59
fiftO TTnJon Pag f- Paper Co 14
Iftfl Union R«e & Paper Co prefd "nu
400 TTnlted Ptaten Leather JS^
4M> United" States Leather prefd 79U
1M» friHeii States Rubber 20%
TOO TTnlte<1 States Pubber prefd B2U
44.»w> TTnlted States SteM **?i
15.iw> T'nlted States Steel prefd 97%
700 Western Union 94
504.900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
J S 2s ref reg lOfi" J T C l«ts 107V«
Do coupon... '.....107V V .T C gen 5s 132V t
Do 3s reg ...103 \ T Pacific 3s. 72V<
Do 3k coupon 109 Do 4s.. '....105%
Do new 4s reg.. .139 v T f. & St L 4s.W7
Do new 4s coup.. 139 N &¦ W con 4s 103%
Do old 4s reg 112% Or Nav lstE 109
Do old 4s coup. ..113% Do 4s 103
Do 5s reg 108% Or Short Line 6s..l28=i
- Do us coupon 1CSS4 Do con Ss...'. 116%
Articles— * Open.- High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
June .....'.. V2>4 73 72<i 73
July... '.. 73 .73% 7274 73%
September .......:. ' 70& 70% ' 70& 7O',£.
Corn No. 2— .
June .... .... .... 42%
July 43% .. 44U 43Vi 43%
September .......... 44% : .44% 44V4 41U
Oats No. 2—
July 28 -2814 27% 2S'6
September •..'.. 26% 26% 26% 26%
Mess pork, per barrel—
July 14 67'4 14 75 14 67V4 14 67^4
September U ilVz 14 87^ 14 77% 14 S2%
I-arcl per 100 pound* 1 —
July -8 K7'i R 15 8 37% 8 40
September...: R 42% 8 52% 8 42% 8 45
Octcb°r .:... S 42% S 50 8 42% 8 45
Phcrt ribs, per 100 pounds— .
July 8 00 .-. ¦ 8 00 7 95 795-
September .7 97% ' 8 02% 7 95 7 97%
-SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
W heat and Barley quiet and easy.
Ail miner grains inactive and unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Nothing nezu in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Quoiat ; ons for Butter, Cheese and Eggs undisturbed.
Fresh fruits generally in ample supply.
No new features to Dried Fruits.
Pi'ovisions Jinn and in fair demand.
Packers again reduce their bids for Hogs. ,
Coffee firm and fairly active. *s
Nothing new on the local stock exchanges.
Bank clearings gain over last year.
Atchlson. $8%: Canadian Pacific. 1073J- Union
Pacific preferred. 92<4; Northern Pacific orefer
red. 101: Grand Trunk. 11>4: Anaconda. 9% Bar
ellver. firm, 27 7-16d per ounce. Money 1@1V.
per cent.
CLOSING,
NEW TORK. June 8.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was extremely idle
and the tone was consequently dull, in the
general inactivity American shares were
neglected with the rest and were practically
featureless. There were, however.- a few pales
in anticipation of the coming settlement This
selling put American shares under, parity
London Market.
"WASHINGTON. June 8.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available edsh
balance, $167,734,053; gold, $96,392,194.
Condition of the Treasury.
The Financier, says: One of the surprising
features of the New \ York bank statement of
June- 8 is the extension of $21,284,400 in the
loan item. The effect of this increase was
shown in a corresponding rise in deposits and
as thisjin turn necessitated a very much
larger reserve the excess surplus suffered a
decline of about $S,CC0,O0O, the loss of nearly
$3,000,000 in cash holdings having been an ap
preciable factor in this respect. The present
e-icess stands at $13.341, SCO, as against $21,253.-
CO for the preceding ,week. The decline is
equivalent, therefore, to 37 . per cent, which,
for one week's operation is unusually large.
The increase in the 'loan item can be attrib
uted Jn part to Union Pacific convertible bond
operations which called for heavy accommoda
tions during the week and the fact that one
bank which had a great deal to do with the
transaction reported an increase in loans of
about $S,C«0,000 strengthens this theory. • In
addition, however, it is known that commission
houses have been borrowing heavily, especially
on long time and this also assiste'd in swelling
the volume of outstanding loans. "With refer
ence, to loss in cash of $2,981,400, it is to be
remembered that the statement of the banks
for the previous week accounted for nfcout
half the gold taken for export, and the re
mainder probably shows In the present exhibit.
The cash totals are" still nearly a million dol
lars at variance with known operations for
the week, but this is attributed to the mislead
ing system of averages on which the state
ment is compiled. It is worthy of note that a
discrepancy of about ten millions now exists,
as between the clearing house statements and
the meat active preliminary statistics based
upon known operations extending over a
period of three or four weeks and the assump
tion that the condition of the banks, from a
cash .standpoint. Is better' than shown in the
present statement is not unwarranted. The
excess surplus, hov.ever. is large enough at
this time to minimize the effect ot.the heavy
changes noted, and it is not regarded as likely
that money quotations will show material fluc
tuations. Advices from important centers are
to the effect that difficulty -is experienced in
holding rates at their present level..
XEV.- YORK. June S.— The statement of the
asrrc!ated bcr.ks for the week .endln? to-diy
raov-s: Loan?. $«7.:,?9. 100; increase. $21,254,400.
Deposits. $H72.i:S.PfO; increare, $I9.720.CC0. Cir
culation, $30,933,400; decrease, $160,200. Legal
tenders. $77,341.o00; decrease. $?21,lC0. Specie,
$179,023,700; decrease, $2,160,300. Reserves, $256,
371,200; decrease, $2,9Sl,400. Reser-ve required,
$243,029,700; Increase", $4,930,150. Surplus, .$13,
341.H00; decrease, $7,911,550.
Associated Banks' Statement
Pist of Col-3.6T.s....i2.-; Reading gen 4s...: 97',4
Atchison gen 4s. ...103% R G W lsts :.1O2
Do adj 4s 97 . St L & I M con os.lW.
Canada So 2ds..;..109 St L & S F gen 6s. 131
Chps & O 4&S......107V4 St Paul cons. '..... .184
I* 5s :.......12O St P C & P lsts...HS'i
Chi & N con 7s. ...142V- Do 5s ......119
Do S F deb 5s....i2H4 R .Pacific 4s :.: 94
Chicago Term 4s... 93»i S Railway us 11S14 ,
Colorado So 4s..... 89 Stand R & T 6s... 63H
u & R G 4s 10J Tex & Pac lsts. ...119 .
Erie gen 4s ?o Do 2ds 99
F W & D C lsts...lOS<4 U Pacific 4s........lO6y
Oen Electric SS....185U AVabash lEts........US
Jowa Cent lsts 113 Do 2ds 11H4
L & N uni 4s m3i,i "West Shore 4s 113 '
M K &,T 2ds...... 84»4 Wise Cent 4s..:.... 91
Do 4s. 9SU Va Centuries....... 96V4
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
ArHrns Con.......... 20 Little Chief." ..... 13
Alice 43 Ontario : 8 <K>
Greece 150 Onhir 9C
BrurFwick Con 17 Phoenix ............. 17
Comstork Tunnel. ...05U Potosi 09
Con Cal & Va 2 301 Savage 06
r>eadwood Terra.... 50 1 Sierri . Vevada...".. . 20
Horn Silver 1 15 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 Co
Leadville Con 03'
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.'
Money— . . West End........... 94V
<^all loans :wf3V Westinghse Elec... 70 "
Time loans 3@4V Bonds-
Stocks— .. ' Atchison 4s ....103
Atch T & Sta Fe.. MXi X E Gas * C 5s... 62%
Do prefd ....1C2N Mining Shares-
American Sugar.. .143^4 Adventure 17%
Do prefd I22it Amalg Copper 122
Amer Telephone... 171 Atlantic 32H
Boston Albany 2. r ,3 Boston & Mint.... 448 ¦
Boston Elevated. ..1S2 Calumet & Hecla..?25
Boston & Maine... 134 Centennial 29Vi
Chi B & Q..... 195U. Franklin : 16V.
Dominion Coal 33Vi Humh^Idt "2S
Do prefd 116 ' Osceola .: : 87
U S Steel 48 Parrot R4
Do prefd 57»J Quincy 170
Fitchburg- prefd... li2U Panta'Fe Copper... 17-
Mexican Central... 26 Tamaranlc .' 330
N E Gas & Coke... in TTtah Mining 3m4
Old Dominion 32*4 Winona 2T»
Union Pao'lc 1C7H 1 Wolverines ........ 57
Union Land 3 -
CHICAGO. June 8.— Bears In the wheat pit
had the better. of the news on, hand before"
the beginning of the • session, and July wheat
opened H^Mc, lower, at: 73c " on heavy rains
throughout Kansas and" Oklahoma, where mois
ture was badly needed. The Impression created
was that the' Kansas .crop would be about
equal to last year's. The rains, with some
what lower cables, caused an early decline of.
%<;, but the .pressure to sell was not general,
as the better crop prospects appeared ! to war
rant, and this feeling of > reluctance was sup
ported by later reports that possibly the Kan
sas rains' would interfere with -harvesting.
This bit of news caused a reaction in .the
price to 73%c. The market fluctuated narrow
ly and gave evidence of considerable bull sup
port, and there was also a fair campaign of
profit-taking. . July wheat closed' firm ami U
@%c to %<&'/£c higher'at 73Ji@73%c. • - ,"
Corn was steady over a narrow range . of
prices with business, chiefly of a local specula
tive character. July closed J ,s@'ic lower.-: at
43l4tr43«$c. " .
Oats were fairly active and steady. July
closed unchanged at 28%c. ¦ • ' • • ¦ -
A good demand for lard was the mainstay
of the provision market. July pork, -lard and
ribs each closed 2^0 improved.
The leading futures ranged es follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS:
State, common ' to good, 3@3Vfcc ;:•• prime, 5&3
5?;c: choice. -6@W4.e'. fancy, 3V4@3%c '
California dried fruits were dull and . nom
inally-unchanged." -.:¦:¦ ; . : ,~'l
PRUNES — Z%@6^4c per. pound, as to size and
quality. . r' , '¦' '...", . . ' ¦¦
APRICOTS— Royal. 8@12c: Moorpark. 7V^(!?t2c.
PEACHES— Peeled, , ¦ ll@18c ; unpeeled. 6@10o.
«¦""•' — ¦ L — — - — ~— — -r^ — : — ' *
STOGKSr OPT 'GRAIK- IN : THE STATE:
The Produce Exchange has Issued its regular, semi-annual ,' estimate of the stock of Flour and '¦ Grain - in the ' State , June : 1. '. As will
be seen the present stock, of Wheat, Barley, Oats and - Corn : is away below this time last year. The stock of Wheat, and Barley is
lighter' than most dealers had anticipated. Following Is ! the. statement:. : _> '.:•'."¦• • ''¦¦'• T -
REPORT OF FLOUR AND GRAIN REMAINING IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA ON JUNE -I; 1901.
COMPARATIVE ; STATEMENT.
Continued on Page Thirty-Two.
U RAISINS— The ? Raisin Growers' 'Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy," 12c per lb; choice, Uc; stand
ard,' 10c; 'prime. 9c: unbleached Thompson's. 9c
per lb.'.*; Sultanas— Fancy. lO^ic \ per lb:^ choice.
9%c; standard.- 8%c; prime. 8c: unbleached Sul
tanas." So ; ' Seedless. 50-lb < boxes, ¦ S^c: 4-crown^
7c ; 3-crown, 6V4c : 2-crown. ' 6c." Paciflo brand—
2-crown, : 5c; >: S-crown, . 5%c, and 4-crown, - 5%c;
i PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50s, 6«c; 50-60s, 4Uc»
60-709. 3%c: 70-SOs. 3%c; 80-9OS. 291c; 90-10Os,'2?4c:
1C0-120S. l%c. .,;¦/- •; ;":¦-•¦ IS ¦ ~.- : ~~ •¦¦¦
--; FRUITS-^Aprlcots. . B^T^c for" old ' crop . and
7%<5T8%c for new; Evaporated ..Apples, "- 5%@6c;
sun-dried. ' 2c; \ Peaches, 8^(fi>4c for^ stand
ard.* 4%<iJ5%c foV choice and ¦ *@6Hc for,; fancy:
Pears." 2@7c; ' Plums, pitted, • 3@4e; unpitted. %®
l%c ; Nectarines. • 4@4Hc for red ¦ and \ 4@5c for
white. - -' •>' , •/ ¦•¦'¦;' -" v -.' r " ¦"•"•" ' .'¦¦"¦'¦¦¦.¦ I
; There -is no further ." change' to note In. any
description. . . •' - •¦¦¦'..-¦' ,{.:.i
FIGS— From Tnma, $202 50 per crate.
: CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 Z3®2 73:
Seedlings. $1(S1 75: Mediterranean Sweets. -7ac<5
$1 75- Valenclas. $2®3: Tangerines. HlcffiSl 25 :
Lemons 75c@$l 25 for s common and $1 50<s?2 SO
for gooVito choice: Grape Fruit. SOcfffJl 50:
Mexican 'Limes, $405; Bananas. $1 50<B2 50 per
bunch for. N»w Orleans and $lg2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples, $2@4 per, dozen/. ; , ."J .
. Dried Fruits; Niitsand Raisins.
.APPLES— New, 730@50c per small and ' 7Sc@
$1 25 ner larere box. and 15<340c per. basket.
APRICOTS— 25(ffi5Oc per box, 40@85c per crate
anrt 3nif?50c per basket. •¦•*'.'¦
CHERRIES--40c©$l 25 for dark and 75c@Sl for
Royal Anne: in bulk. 4«8c t>er ibfor black.
3@5c.for red and;5@Sc for Royal Anne. Re
ceipts were Sfp boxes. ¦ • ' ,.
PLUMS — ]S<S30c- per box.. 25(!?B0c per crate and
15<S25c per basket for Clyman and ( 75c<S!$l ; for
Tragedy. • " -. :
CHERRY PLUMS— SOSSOc per box. .
. PEACHES— 30@75c per box and 35@60c "per
PEARS— Ma'dellnes. 15@25c per box and 13925c
$8<!?11 per chest for Long
worths and $5@7 for large berries. Receipts
were 318 chests and 92 crates. The latter sold
at'$1 25 ner crate. ••
::- LOGAN - BERRlES-^$5(g7 per^ chest and
J5©8 per chest and 50@73c
TVf T* CT*3.tP ' ''
$6@11 per chest - and 90c@
$1 2S per crate.*' . • . ¦• '
GOOSEBERRIES— 25033c' per- drawer * and
2V,ff3U.f; In bulk:; Oregon improved, 3@4c.
CURRANTS— *3S5 per chest.
inss of Valencias. The Orange market rules
steady with moderate stocks. Lemons are
weak and Limes steady.
Receipts of Cherries are rapidly dwindling
and the season Is drawing to a. close. Prices
are firm. Most of the fruit coming in la poor.
Apricots are holding up well, as receipts are
beyond the market demands, but Apples, Pears.
Plums and Peaches are in large supply, dull
and generally lower. Small Apples and Pears
are very cheap. • . '
Berries continue to bring good prices.' ;
¦ . 0 DECIDUOUS FRUITS. .. .
THBlS^Ni^
¦. ¦- PRIED FRUITS.
The. market for. evaporated apples" ruled
rather quiet but steady at unchanged prices.
NEW TORK, June 8.— FLOUR— Receipts. 22,
126 barrels; exports, 12,091 barrels. Quiet but
firmly held on the wheat strength. . Minnesota
patents, *4iff$4 20; do bakers, $2 90«5i3 25; winter
patents. $3 70@4; do straits, $3 SO^ 60; do ex
tras, $2 i>0@2 90; do low grades, $2 30fg>2 40. •¦
"WHEAT— Receipts. 21S.400 bushels; exports.
1C5.034 bushels. Snot, quiet ; No. 2 red, 81%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 80V4c elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 86c f. o. b. * afloat (old);
No. 1 hard Duluth, 90c f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened easy under rains In the South
west but recovered on bullish crop report gos
sip, local covering and little for sale. Closed
firm at unchanged prices. July. 78%<2?79Ue
closed, 79^c; September, 7o%*i7ZV,r.; closed'
75*>ic: October. 7r>%iS?>7;>%c ; closed. 75%c '
HOPS— Steady: choice. 1900 cron. 17i?J20c; IS!) 1 )
crop, ll®15c; old olds. 2®6c: Pacific Coast 1900
croD. lfiifSMc; 1899 crop. ll(f?15c; old olds 2<??6c
HIDES— Steady: California. 21<g>25 lbs.' 19c
.COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet: No. 7 Invoice 6c
mild,-quiet; Cordova, 8U<3>12%c. Futures
closed quiet, with prices net 2 points higher.
Total salefl. 7750, bags. Including: September
5.40c; October, 5.45c; November, 5.50c;. Decem
ber. ¦ B.65c. • - .
SUGAR— Raw. unsettled: fair refining
t 21-32c: centrifugal. 96' test. 4%c; moIasRps
sugar, Z%((tZ 7-lfic. Refined, quiet; No. 6. 5.00c-
No. 7, 4.90c: No. 5, 4.80c: No. 9, 4.75c; No 10
4.70c; No. 11. 4.65c: No. 12, 4.B0c;No. 13. 4!60c'
No. 14. ,4.55c: Standard A; 5.35c: confectioners'
A. 5.3"c: mold A, 5.90c: cut loaf. fi.»I5c: crush
ed 6.05c: powdered, 5.65c; granulated, 5.55c;
cubes. 5 81c. • « ¦¦¦'• s.
BUTTER— 'Receipts. 4800 packages. , Steady;
creamery. 17(?19c: factory. 12®14c. !
EGGS— Receipts, 6710 packages. Dull and
weak. We«trrn canrtl°i1 at mark,' 13@l3«Ac;
Western uncan<11"<1.. ll(fBl*c. .
— — — — — — ...at
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORE. June S.— There -was nothing to
indicate any change in the professional char
acter of the stock market to-day and its de
pendence upon manipulation for any important
variation In prices until the appearance of
the bank statement on the tape. There was a
lively spilling- out of stock after that and sharp
breaks in prices, which wiped out the greater
part of the gains In the strong stocks and
carried the general level of prices substan
tially below last night's closing level. The
heavy inroads upon reserves revealed by the
statement was a surprise, although adequate
explanation may be found for it. It will be
remembered that last -week's statement showed
an unexpected increase In cash, and it now
appears that a part of last week's gold ship
ments did not figure in last week's statement,
but was carried over into this week. The early
strength of the Gould Southwesterns. led by
Missouri Pacific, of the Tobacco stocks. Amal
gamated Copper and a number of minor rail
road 6tocks had served to lift the market from
its early depression, but the selling brought
out by the bank statement sent prices lower
than before. There was early heaviness in the
United States Steel stocks before the general
market turned downward. St. Paul's decline
from the best was S*i. Rock Island 3, Missouri
Pacific and Union Pacific 2'i each and Amal
gamated Copper 3*4- The closing was unset
tled and irregular after some fitful rallies and
renewed declines. ,
Speculation in stocks was more active this
week, and the average of dally transactions
was well over a million shares. The business
done by commission houses afforded som» in
dication of renewed interest In stocks on the
part of the outside public for the first time
since the overturn on May 9. but the principal
force in the buying was, as heretofore, pro
fessional operators and the larger financial in
terests. It has been current belief that some
of the large operations have been connected
with the progress of establishing further com
munity of interests among railroad powers of
the country. The professional operators in
stocks have used every effort to foster this
belief to help the advance in prices. The heavy
realizing at the higher level of prices disclosed
the fact that some of the previous large buy
ing wt« purely ppeculatU'e, and this threw
doubt on some of the reports circulated of
plans for further railroad combinations. Em
phatic official denials of any of these reports
added to the doubts regarding them. It is
also known that short lines were driven to
rover by the advance and the manipulation for
the advance was in part directed toward forcing
this covering. fhort selling was done last
week in the incipiency of the advance and
'was based on the assumption that in the pro
fessional state of the market reaction was
normally due. Part of it was also an Inci
dent of the bull movement in wheat, based
on the reports of drouth in the West. It was
clear that holders of ,Iong stocks were taking
advantage of the necessities of the shorts to
market their holdings at a profit. The reports
of rain In the West later facilitated this profit
taking in stocks and Induced liquidation in
wheat. Wall-street gossip had it that some
large speculative lines of stock that had been
carried through the panic both here and abroad
had been marketed at a profit, after having
ehown large losses at one time. A continuing
Influence early in the week was the official an
nouncement made Ia6t week that the Northern
Pacific quarrel had been settled. Nothing was
given to the public regarding the terms of set
tlement and rumor had a wide scope in con-
Fpquenc* 1 . In Us various phases this had it
that bonds to be exchanged for Northern Pa
cific Ftock would be Jointly guaranteed by
Oreat Northern, Union Pacific. St. Paul and
Northwestern. The strength of Hock Island
was supposed to be due to Its inclusion in
the benefit of the project, but was later ex
plained by the Issue- of extra stock at par to
stockholders and the Bdmlssion to the direc
torate of steel men who had thus reinvested
their profits from the steel merger. Union Pa
cific, it was said, would lease the Atchlson
and guarantee dividends. Later the election
as a director of Atohlson of a member of the
firm of J. P. Morgan & Co. was taken as fore
shadowing a policy of exchange of representa
tion In the companies oontroll"d bv the groups
of capitalist* brought Into conflict In the North
ern Pacific contest. It was said that Southern
Pxdflc would be relinoulshed to Missouri Pa
cific at compensation. Union Pacific retaining
31
Flour.
Bbls.
Wheat.
,Ctls.,
Barley.
Ctls. .
Oats.
Ctls.
Beans.
Sacks.
Corn.
Ctls. I
Rye.
Ctls.
h
San Francisco warehouses and mills, . including grain : and flour ¦ afloat in ••'¦; ,. : .
harbor and in transit... ............".;...'...:........ . .: ...;...:... '39.924 31S.740 -
Sonoma, Solano. Yolo, Colusa and Glenn Counties '....:.......:. '.'. 16,512 \ 632,080 • -*
Sacramento. . Yuba. Sutter. Butte. Placer and Tehama Counties.......: ¦ 26.250 | ¦ : 346 lfiO
Contra CoRta and Alameda Counttps. ..................... ......:. .V... :.;:....: .1,150 I > 1,283,220 .
San Joaquln, Stanislaus, Merced, Fresno. Madera, Tulare, Kings and Kern * ¦'..->'•
Counties ...:..... I.....:..:......: — ..........;...;. i :'..;.'.:.V .........'.. ? S8.370 < 1,060,100
San Mateo, Santa Clara, San Benlto,, Santa Crul, Monterey and San Luis I' ¦¦¦¦• • ¦¦' . • r. . i ¦
. Obispo Counties ...........:.....: .: '.-. . .-. :~. : .;. . ; :.-....:. ..?.. . ;. 1 . 13.720 ** « 88,240 ] I
Santa Barbara. Ventura.' Los Angeles, • Oranjje, San ¦ Bernardino, Rlyer-I • » : ', . •; . •.* .,¦..•¦
Bide and San Diego Counties ........;¦..................................¦ 8,751 : : : 118,280 I,'
-Totals .......1. .'........ ........"......;....'.;¦.. ;....:...'......".f 174,777 3.746.S20 | •
78.860
\;.\ 93,860
30,980
. 261,780
99,200
''¦".-. 151,200
; 32,340
"..'746,220
34.160
¦¦: • fiOO
240
¦300
'60
97,759
"Tio
1,646
: 1,250
B.B60
600
4.600
1,280
331880
; 100
"6*766
38,720
8.220
3.582
13,723
1.780
¦ ,880
746,220
43.ES0
118,000
13.820
80,260
Flour.
,Bbla..
Wheat. I
Ctls.- . }¦ ,
• Barley.
v.i Ctls. ;¦»
Oats.
. Ctls.
Beans.
Sacks.
Corn. Rye.
; ctis.v ctis.;.
: -.~:\".':'. r - 151, 040-
• ,23,7S0 ; 54,240 -
'........ ¦ 64.140
.25,560 "10,560 :
-V.'. .".'.: -.: 88,440
' 112,780 54,300 '",
1900 — Dfcralwr 1..V. ..."......'.... .......-..'. .1... ..;.................
' June -. 1.... ........'... .;.;.....;...7;;.^;«^::;;;».^.;wi.^.:.:».; v ...:;.v;;
j Spg — December 1 .~1 .......... ."i .......... V. ......'... ".". . . . . . . . . .
/June 1.. ...¦........:.......,
1898— December .1. .............................. v. ...........................
. .. June 1....... ........................................*.... .......... '....;....
144,108
. 9S.090
112, 13S
-.70.906
123,833
| 87,380
12,401.980
, 8.3G7.840
15.998,280
•3,394,160
¦6,494,800
3,152,680
3.S93.840
2. 108. 520
4,778,880
- 232,420
1,264.200
•-913,060
200.280
147.S80
233,700
23.460
186,000
109,380
243,034
114.088
268,117
308,973
513,459
561,263
Flour.
Bbls.
Wheat.
,Ctls.,
Barley.
Ctls. .
Oats.
Ctls.
Beans.
Sacks.
Corn.
Ctls. I
Rye.
Ctls.
h
San Francisco warehouses and mills, . including grain : and flour ¦ afloat in ••'¦; ,. : .
harbor and in transit... ............".;...'...:........ . .: ...;...:... '39.924 31S.740 -
Sonoma, Solano. Yolo, Colusa and Glenn Counties '....:.......:. '.'. 16,512 \ 632,080 • -*
Sacramento. . Yuba. Sutter. Butte. Placer and Tehama Counties.......: ¦ 26.250 | ¦ : 346 lfiO
Contra CoRta and Alameda Counttps. ..................... ......:. .V... :.;:....: .1,150 I > 1,283,220 .
San Joaquln, Stanislaus, Merced, Fresno. Madera, Tulare, Kings and Kern * ¦'..->'•
Counties ...:..... I.....:..:......: — ..........;...;. i :'..;.'.:.V .........'.. ? S8.370 < 1,060,100
San Mateo, Santa Clara, San Benlto,, Santa Crul, Monterey and San Luis I' ¦¦¦¦• • ¦¦' . • r. . i ¦
. Obispo Counties ...........:.....: .: '.-. . .-. :~. : .;. . ; :.-....:. ..?.. . ;. 1 . 13.720 ** « 88,240 ] I
Santa Barbara. Ventura.' Los Angeles, • Oranjje, San ¦ Bernardino, Rlyer-I • » : ', . •; . •.* .,¦..•¦
Bide and San Diego Counties ........;¦..................................¦ 8,751 : : : 118,280 I,'
-Totals .......1. .'........ ........"......;....'.;¦.. ;....:...'......".f 174,777 3.746.S20 | •
78.860
\;.\ 93,860
30,980
. 261,780
99,200
''¦".-. 151,200
; 32,340
"..'746,220
34.160
¦¦: • fiOO
240
¦300
'60
97,759
"Tio
1,646
: 1,250
B.B60
600
4.600
1,280
331880
; 100
"6*766
38,720
8.220
3.582
13,723
1.780
¦ ,880
746,220
43.ES0
118,000
13.820
80,260
Flour.
,Bbla..
Wheat. I
Ctls.- . }¦ ,
• Barley.
v.i Ctls. ;¦»
Oats.
. Ctls.
Beans.
Sacks.
Corn. Rye.
; ctis.v ctis.;.
: -.~:\".':'. r - 151, 040-
• ,23,7S0 ; 54,240 -
'........ ¦ 64.140
.25,560 "10,560 :
-V.'. .".'.: -.: 88,440
' 112,780 54,300 '",
1900 — Dfcralwr 1..V. ..."......'.... .......-..'. .1... ..;.................
' June -. 1.... ........'... .;.;.....;...7;;.^;«^::;;;».^.;wi.^.:.:».; v ...:;.v;;
j Spg — December 1 .~1 .......... ."i .......... V. ......'... ".". . . . . . . . . .
/June 1.. ...¦........:.......,
1898— December .1. .............................. v. ...........................
. .. June 1....... ........................................*.... .......... '....;....
144,108
. 9S.090
112, 13S
-.70.906
123,833
| 87,380
12,401.980
, 8.3G7.840
15.998,280
•3,394,160
¦6,494,800
3,152,680
3.S93.840
2. 108. 520
4,778,880
- 232,420
1,264.200
•-913,060
200.280
147.S80
233,700
23.460
186,000
109,380
243,034
114.088
268,117
308,973
513,459
561,263
THE TRil^LER LSQUID
fill! ; AiRv COMPANY
- (PARENT COMPANY.) . "T :
: — CAPITAL STOCK, $10,OW>,000, of which the TREASURY holds J3,00O,00€L .
. SHARES $10, FULLY PAID AND NON- ASSESSABLE. ?
'. ¦ ¦ NO BONDS NOR PREFERRED STOCK. ¦ .
' -EXECUTIVE OFFICES. BOWLING GREEN • BUILDING. NEW YORK". '
WORKS. 121 WEST 83TH STREET.' NEW TORK, and WASHINGTON. £>. C. ';¦"_
. Liquid Air has evolved from the experimental stage Into a substantial reality, what
It, may do la no longer a speculative, unsolved problem. What it HAS done and what It
; is doing are the criterions of Us future. -
During the past six months the development of liquid air has
equaled the progress; made in the early- history of electricity in the
first six years, as is proven by the successful operation by this
company of liquid air refrigerator cars on the Vanderbilt system,
and the erecting of a large refrigerating plant for the Ballentine
Brewery of Newark, N.J., which includes the supplying of their re-
frigerator cars and the operating of 80 delivery wagons' as auto-
trucks, utilizing liquid air as the motive power.
This company is operating daily on the streets of New York,
Washington and Paris its automobiles propelled by liquid air at a
cost of two-thirds of a cent per mile, capable of making a mile a
minute, and with a total weight of vehicle, motor and liquid air of
only 600 pounds, charged to go 100 miles.
It is producing a light so brilliant that it is impracticable to
look at it with the naked eye,and 1000-candIe power is being
produced at the present cost of 16 C^_P. electricity and 20 C. P.
gas. It is -installing a 40,000 C. P. light in the heart of New York
City at the Central Park Circle.
9$ Practical tests have proven that It will effect great economy In the metallurgical In-
dustrie?. 'saving a large percentage of the coke consumed in Mi» smelting Industry, which,
when it "becomes in general usage, will amount to several hundred thousand dollars a day.,
to redound to the profit of this company. - ' . .
¦ When combined with • hydrocarbon it produces an exoloslve equivalent to dynamite
at a small fraction ¦ of the cost.. In the commercial production of gases, such as oxygen.
• hydrogen, nitrogen and carbonic gases, ¦ It is capable of production at 25 per cent of th»
present cost. . • ¦ '/) ' -
Liquid air is the most natural refrigerant in the world, being.
312 deg. below zero. What electricity has accomplished as a mo-
tor power in- metropolitan traction vs. steam applied through ca-
ble, supplying a more satisfactory power at 40 percent of the
cost,, is now being duplicated by liquid air to. replace the present
ammonia, brine, sulphuric acid and ice systems. This means in
the course of time the saving of 60 per cent of the cost under the
present'systems, for which there was- expended last year in the
United States $170,000,000. thus, effecting a gross earning of
$100,000,000, which, if this company should receive but 15 per-
cent of the same, would amount to $15,000,000 per annum, or
the equivalent of 150 per cent interest on its entire capital stock
from the refrigerating industry alone, not to mention its applica-
tion to the balance of the world's industries.
LET LIQUID AIR, LIKE MEN AND THEIR MORALS,
. BE JUDGED BY THE COMPANY IT KEEPS
. _ ..:-
' DIRECTORS. =
CHARLES EASTMAN TRIPLER, President. 40 .West 77th street. New York. ' -
J. B. M. GROSVEXOR, Vice President, Textile Mfr.. 106 Madison avenue. N"«w Yorfc.
U. S. SENATOR JOHN P. JONES. Washington. D. C. and Santa Monica. Cal
EX-U. S. SENATOR FRANK J. CANNON. Salt Lake City.
STILSON HUTCHINS, Mergenthaler Linotype and Proprietor Washington Times, Wash,
ington. D. C.
¦ , HON. S. W. DORSEY. mine owner. 31 Broadway. New York.
• HON. WILLIAM A. VINCENT. . Vincent, Goodrich & Bradley. Chicago.
' '• COUNSEL.
Vincent, Goodrich & Bradley, %okery building, .Chicago; Bowling Green buiMlns.
New York ¦ ¦ * - - - ¦ ---¦«.
¦ ¦ .ENGINEERS.
G. A.Bobrick'of School of Technology, St. Petersburg; -Henry G. Catlln. M E.
North American • Trust Company. New York, Registrars and Transfer Agents; Gerald
M. Fennell & Co., Fiscal Agents, 11 Broadway, New York.
LICENSEE COMPANIES.
-The parent company is : establishing throughout the entire world licensee companies '
owning from 33 per cent to 45 per cent of each, among which there are now being rapidly
formed such State companies as New York, $2,000,000 capital; New Jersey, Jl.000,000; Ohio.
As an' indication of the character of the gentlemen constituting these companies w<»
publish herewith the names of some of the directors and 7 principal shareholders of tha
. Californta Company: - .
HOMERS LAUGHLIN, Los .Angeles, Owner LAUGHLIN POTTERY
WORKS, Ohio.
W. F. BOTSFORD, Los Angeles, President California Bank. . ] -
FRANK P. FAY, Los Angeles, President Fay Fruit Company.
ROBERT GRAHAM, Los Angeles, Manager EX-
PRESS (Armour & Co).
. This company was organized and Its works are now belnsr built In New York tnr the
refrigeration of transcontinental fruit cars by liquid air. effecting a savins of ISO ner
car (?8.000 fruit cars were shipped East last year). *^
From the above facts one can judge of the great future of
liquid air, which is manufactured by this, the only liquid air com-
pany in the world; > This company absolutely dominates the patent
situation, haying expended upward, of $100,000 in the procuring
of the same, in every country in the world granting* patents.
As one among many of the great strides that- are being rapidly made the comDanv
opened last month its new 230-horse-power works, at a cost of about $100,000, In Wash-
ington, D.' C. . •
Undoubtedly the financial results attained by other great sole process discoveries such
as the Westlnghouse Air Brake. Mergenthaler Linotype, the Bell Telephone and the' ear! v
electrical companies, all of whose securities have advanced many thousands Der csnt will
be more than duplicated within a short, space of time by the TRIPLER LIQUID* AIR
We can guarantee the delivery of a limited .amount of the
(parent company's) stock at $9 per share until 3 P. M. Saturday,
June 15th, or remittances postmarked that date. This same price
is being quoted in; Paris and New York. .
r . The right is reserved to reject or reduce any subscription. Send for prospectus oe
call In person. . ' t *
" Subscriptions should be accompanied by check or draft made payable to the order of
TAYLOR & CO.. Pacific Coast Fiscal Agents. Rooms 66-67 Chronicle building. San Fran-
i i CISCO. - - ''.-¦¦ -¦' -. • • ¦
AUCTION SALES
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!
BASCH AUCTION CO. Inc.,
319-321 Sutter st.. bet. Grant ave. and Stock-
m ton st. Telephone Grant R7. ••
' .WEST COAST FURNITURE CO. (Inc.)
(L. & E. Ejnanuel.)
ARE POSITIVELY GIVING UP THEIR RE-
TAIL DEPARTMENT. AND WE HAVE BEE>T
INSTRUCTED TO SELL WITHOUT RE-
SERVE^
TO-MORROW .MONDAY AND TUESDVT
AT 11 A. M..
-' On Premises, 432-449 Fourth Street.
ALL THE HIGH-GRADE FURNITURE.
BEDDING AND UPHOLSTERY, consisting of
30 of tne finest Sideboards, costing from 'CO
to J230 to manufacture. .
15 Oak • and Walnut Extension Tables • 15
dozen Chairs, Leather Couches and Arra
Chairs. 40 Massive Bedroom Suits, ransinir
from $30 to $200.
¦ 35 Massive Oak Hatracka, made by the moat
skillful mechanics. ' .
China Closets, Bookcases. Parlor and Library
Tables, Folding Card ' Tables. Bed Lounges.
Overstuffed Parlor Upholstpry.
, Leather Chairs, about 200 Frames - for Up-
, holsteringr. Chiffoniers, Desks. 25 Top Mat-
tresses, and many other articles too Jumerous
. to ' mention. -
. We call the attention of th*» public, especial.
ly of those who can appreciate fine goods, to
this sale, as yon may never get another chane-s
to get such goods at your own price.
L. & E. Emanuel have a gilt-edged reputa-
tion as high-class manufacturers and am mak-
ing this sacrifice to give up their retail busi-
ness. ¦ . .- • S. BASCH. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE OF S*
30 HEAD OF YOUNG AND BLOCKY WORK
HORSES weighing about 1259 pounds, matched
spans, property-- of J. - W. Churchill" E3q..
Treka. - ¦» ' .
To 'be sold on THURSDAY, Juno 13, 1301,
. at 11 a. et.. at
' 'Salesyard. 1732 Market «st.
THOS.H. CHASE A CO..
Successor to KUlip & Co.
Horses now at , yard. No other stock will
be offered at . this sale. r - , . ¦
&* - * ';£^-\ -¦- '- fei
CONSIGNMENT OF.
40 Head of Youn^ Blocky
Work Horses,
MATCHED SPANS./ BLACKS. BAY3 AND
BROWNS. 'froni- the . ranch of J. W/ Churchill
Esq.vYrfka.Slsklyou County. •
.--FRED H/ CHASE &CO.; 1^2 Market st.
WdpVIu PqII -$1 (lfl nop Vdqp
ilf.uu|U[j-:ydll -¦• <pliyU:jiul-:Iudi;;
\ MINING /
\ INVESTMEMTS /
1 // /« w<> wIU pay your expenses to and from MK l\ /
I II I a gicup of pold mines which are stire to - BB 1 \\ I
I If I P ay bis dividends as soon as a mill is put fm 1 \\ ' 1
J // / \Bi jn operation; provided that you have H • \ \\ I
1 II I m or more t0 invest upon being B I U \
\ I' I ilk satisfied of the absolute reliability and S \ .\\ /
ill M value of the proposition. As soon as the S \ '1 1
I / / w necessary sum Is advanced for working 3 '111
I I I 1 purposes the price of this stock will be I \ I
III advanced four fold. Investigate this op- / ill
1/1 portunity by calling on I 1 I:
)/ / WEST COAST INVESTMENT CO., \ \ 1
|/. / 113 Fhelan Building, tan Francisco. ¦ •¦' : \ \ I." Bid.Ask.
4s quar reg..H3%114%
4s Quar coup. 112^113^4
<? MISCELLANI
Bay Co P C oslOa 107 i
Cal-st 5s 11S% —
C C Water 5s.l03VfeU0%
Ed L & P €s.128%133V4
Fer & Cl R 6sll6%119
Geary-st. 5s . . . ¦ . — — -.
H C & S 5%s.lO6% —
Do 5s .101 102%
Los Ang'R &3.114 lib .
L A- Light 6s. :— 102-
Do gntd 6s. — 104 ,
Do gmtd 5s.lO2%^-
L A & Pac 5S.102VS — i
Do 1 c m 5S.102& — '<
Market-st C 6s — 127^
Do 1 c m 5s.122Vi123^4
Nev Co R 7s. — llS^i
Nor R Cal 6S.114 ' —
Do 5s 11S% —
Nor Pac C te.100 — •
Do 5s 108 108%
Nor Cal R 5s. 110 113
Oak Oas 5s ..112 - —
• Do Trans 6sll6%U7U
Do Wat 5s.l04%105%
-IWATER
Contra Costa.. 80% 80»i|
Marln County. 12% — - j
I . . Bid. Ask.
<4s qr cp (new)139 140
13s quar coup. 109 110 ,
:ous bonds. . •
I Oceanic S S 5S102%108
Omnibus R 6s. 127 128
1 Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Pk & C H. 6s. 108, —
Pk & O R 6s.ll7 ' —
Powll-st R 6s.l20 — ¦"
Sac E G R 5s. — 100
S F & SJV 5s.n9%120tf
Sierra Cal 6s. — 100
S P of -A. 6s
. (1900)......:.. 113 — •
. ......'..114 —
S P" of C 6s .' '
(1905). Ser A. — .109 »
• (1905), SeT B.-— 109"^
(1906) ;.'.... ..109?ill0%
(1912) ........ - 122
S P of Cal^lst
cp gntd g Ss.icr, — -
S P Br Cal 6s.lS5 —
S V Water 6s. — 114 i
Do 4s 1P3 — .
Do is, 3d m.101%102
Stktn Gas Cs.100 . —
STOCKS.* : :
I Spring Valley. 84% 85 -
All classes of stocks were quiet, as usual on
Saturday, and quotations showed no changes
worthy of note.
Paauhau Sugar will pay a dividend of 30c to
morrow. ¦ . . ' / . '
The Consolidated California & Virginia divi
dend of 10c. amounting to $21,600, will be paid
on the 14th. A surplus of {100,000 will be car
ried forward.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week amounted to 44.462 shares, ¦ valued at $20.
779. the principal sales being as follows: Four,
2200; Hanford-Fresno-Kern River, . 1300; Home,
1000; Independence, 2600; Junction, . 1400; Lion,
4825; 'Monarch, 4175; Occidental, 1330; Petrole
um Center. 18.548: Reed, 1000; Sovereign. 1050;
Sunset Original. 1C00. ¦-
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY,. June 8— 12 m. 1 '
UNITED STATES BONDS.
STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, JUNE 8.
Flour,, cr sks.... 13,360 Shorts, iks 650
Wheat, ctU 120,344 Hay. tons .... 395
Barley, ctls 4,860 Sugar, ctls 3,200
Corn. East. ctls.. 500 Quicksilver, flsk. 121
Rye, ctls 700 Leather, rolls .... 65
Potatoes, sks ... 2,657 Wine, gals 16,250
Onions, eks 9S3 Tallow, ctls 493
Bran, sks 1.660 Pelts, bdls 1,434
Middlings, sks .. 105 Hides, no • 654
Wool, bales 481
Following were « the sales in • the San Fran
cisco Stock and -Exchange 'Board yesterday:
. -. ' .' \' : Morninff Session." .",;:.
100 Caledonia'. ....*., 49 1100 Savage V. ....... '08
100 Crown Point.... 09 200 Silver Hill......' 28
100 Hale & Norcrs. 22 100 Silver. Hill......' 26
100 Mexican .•; ;.'.... 14 100 Silver Hill «7
200 Ophlr ;.......... 98 jv 1 . - '
. [-'-*. Morning Session. 1 ' " •'"" ;
: .. Board— ' •-'¦¦-• ', '.,-. ¦';-?-:. '¦¦:-'
7S0 1 Occidental ftf West .Virginia.'.-.. ...... . 44
1000 Petroleum Center .....:..... ;...'¦- 05
5000 Petroleum Center .:...'..... ::..;... 04
; MINING " STOCKS. ' . . ¦
Cent L & P... 3 — jjPadfic Lt 47% —
Equitable 3% 3%T Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual 4 — 8 F G & E.... 36 37
Oakland 50% 51 San Francisco. 4 i%
Pacific Imp.... 32i,i 34 'Stockton — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 235 . . — | . . "~ " •
_ . . . BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ....77 81 . L P.& A......147 —
California .....409 410 Mer Ex (liq).. 16 . —
Cal Safe Dep.107% — S F Natlonal.120 —
First Natl 309 315
• SAVINGS BANKS. - .
German 1900 — iSav & Loan... — —
Humboldt ....—" — JSecurlty .275 . —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust.. 1400 —
San Franciseo.525 550 I- • ...
STREET RAILROADS. "
California .:..13O 132% O S L & H..:. 40 — "
Geary — 40, Presidio 25 —
Market 70% —¦..",•. *
POWDER.
Giant 76 78 IVIgorit ..3. 314
SUGAR. .
Hana ..: 7% 8 Kilauea ....... 17»i. 19
Hawaiian — 53 Makawell 38% 39
Honokaa 21% — Onomea .....:. 21. 22V4
Hutchinson ..'. 19Vi 20* Paauhau 26V4 27
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. . • r !
Alaska Pack. .129 129% Oceanic S S... 45 50
Cal Fruit Can. — 98 Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal, Wine Asn.100 — Pac Co Borax. 165 —
Mey Ex ..110 — Par Paint 16 — . .
j . Morning Session.
• : • . Board— * . - . . ....
$5,CC0 California Street Cable Bonds..... 118 50
50 Honokaa Sugar Co.'... ? 2150
-• -20 Honokaa Sugar Co 21 75
" SO Honokaa Sugar Co..... ...216214
15 Market Street Railway 70 50
$7, COO Northern Railway of Cal 5s....... US 50 .
$1,000 S P of A Bonds (1910) .......114 00
$2,000 S P of C 6s (1906).., .......109 75
- 20 Spring Valley- Water 84 00
.. ¦ Street— • . ' ' • '
$10,000 Northern Railway of Cal 6s...... 114 25
1 1 ________ . ,
"".PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
- Morning Session.
¦ • Board — ' ' ¦' ¦ ¦
: 200 Hanford, Fresno, Kern River........ 05
5C6 Junction- :.,.;...... ."...: .:.... . 23
50 Occidental of West Virginia — ...... -.45''
50 Peerless ....'.... .....;.. 6 37^
10 Peerless '. 6 00
EO San .Francisco _ McKlttrick * 1 00 ..
' 300-. Sovereign '. '........;..¦. 20 '
• 'SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE. • -
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
CLOSING QUOTATldks.
Following- were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday : - _ ¦ - ' ~ ,
Morninc Session,
500 Best & Belcher 19 200 Ophlr »7
400 Con Cal & Va.2 4C 200 Ophir 96
50 Confidence 73 600 Ophlr 100
200 Hale & Norers. 24 1500 Ophlr 1 05
300 Mexican ,15 200 Sierra' Nevada. "24
500 Mexican 16 - ;.
SATURDAY, June 8—12 m.
Alpha 03 04 Kentuck ....'... 01 03
Alta- — 02 Lady Wash 01 —
Andes ..:...:... 04 06 Mexican ...;... 16 17
Belcher 06 08 Occidental ....." 03 0-1
Best St. Belchr. 22 24 Ophlr ...:..... ..1 05 110
Bullion — 03 Overman 24 26
Caledonia.'. 48 — Potosi ..11 12
Challenge - Con. 17 18 Savage ......... "09. 11
Chollar ..07 08 Scorpion .•......— 04
Confidence 73 74 Beg Belcher. .... 01: 03
Con Cal & Va.2 40 2 46 Sierra -Nevada. 27 : 2S
Con Imperial.... — 01 Silver Hill.. 28 29
Con New York. — 01 fit Louis .......' 06, —
Eureka Con 06 — Standard ..8 65 —
Exchequer ...;. — 02 Syndicate 06 .— ',
Gould & Curry. 06 ¦ C8 Union: Coni..... . 18 j 20
Hale & Norcrs. ' 24 .25 Utah •"• 04 05
Julia — 02 yellow J#cket... 15 16
Justice ......... 03 ' 04 1 » : .
Guatemala «nd Mexican— Il>4ffjl4!£c for prime
to fancy washed; 10i4«510%c for strictly good
washed: 9V£©10c for erood washed; R39«£c for
fair washed: TUSfT^ic for medium: .".i.iigTc for
inferior to ordinary: 10%@12c for good to prime
washed pcaberry; 909%c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: 7%@8%c nominal fcr
rood to superior unwashed.
Nlcarapua— ll'4©14c for- prime to fancy
wa^hed: 9(Sllc for fair to strictly good washed
7%08c for cood to superior unwashed: S%@SUc
for pood to prime unwashed peaberry.
Costa Rica— 14jT14^c f cr ' strictly prime to
fancy washed: U^«U>Ac for prime washed?
lWiffllc for good washed; U612^ for good to
prime washed peaberry: lOeiOlic for good to
prime peaberry: 9«<5l0\ic for good to prim
S«<ff<»c for fair: 6«7»4c for common to ordinal'
«J, a ,',V a<1 ? rWl2m i* c for prime washed
9«flli4c for good to prime washed: mS'ic for
fair washed: 10>,4@12c for good to prime washed
peaberry: 8MiC?Sc for rood to prime semi
washed: SV®S£.c for superior unwashed- 755
for nooA preen unwashed: 8?4<«>VrC f or VooS
to fiuperior unwashed peaberry; C@7yic for com
mon to ordinary.
"To-day's first band stock consists of 1* R79
fcags Costa Rica, 951 Nicaragua. 25 744 Raiva
£or. BO 504 Guatemala, 1S95 Mevlcan and 5:S6
bags of other kinds; In all SS 2C0 baes «*
ag»lnst 67.705 bags same time last year "
We quote market firm and fairly active as
follows:
"With reference to statistics the position of
Coffee has scarcely - Improved since the 7th
¦ultimo, the one exception being a small o>
creas* In risible supply— 1C7.OO0 bags. With
reference to consuming countries the position
ls poorer, prices being easier and all markets
more or I»e* stagnant at th» present writing.
Arrivals here to date have been heavier
jLSd stocks in 'mportprs* hands are consequent
ly larger than 5n any past season. While thin
feature exerts its essential local effect, upor
fcuyers and sellers alike. It does not contribute
bo stron«;y toward their views and present
ooniltiori? a* *oen the aggregate position of
the article. Deal« r «>>ere have been timid in
v!!?™ f >T r .v 0Tn * tW& P 8 * 1 ' Thelr stocks are
ilft-J" 3 t *7, * T u m « derat e though constant
buyers. In this lies the one favorable show-
Ing. for Coffee keens moving. though not
r^ dlr^T nourtl . to mlt thr ™ havll >« "to sell
Brarfl receipts are large and next croii
rroepects still regarded pood. Prices in N?w
month reCC<Jed about c durin 8 past
RICE— China. No. 2. $4 10: No. 1. $4 65©5
extra. 15 20Q.5 50; Japanese. $4 7S®5 50: LouIeI
ajia. J4@« 50; Hawaiian nominal.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases No 1
75c: pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels.' boiled'
46c; raw. ,3c; cases. Be more; Lard Oil. extra
winter rtralned. barrels,, 89c; cases, 85c; China
£ut, E3@63c per pa! Ion: pure Neatafoot OIL
barrels. 65c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure.- 6Sc:
7^ ™S! 1> ™, at 'i r * 1 .T hlte - S7^@ <2 Hc per gal
lon: Fish Oil. In barrels. 25c; cases 40c
.^ OAJ k °"^^'ater White Coal Oil. in bulk.
32Hc; Pearl Oil. in eases. 18%c: Astral. 1814c:
Star, 18%c: Extra Star. 22%c: Elaine. 23%c:
Eocene. 20%c: deodorized stove Gasoline ' In
bulk, 15c; In cases. 21c; Benzine. In bulk'l4c
la cases, We; 80-degree Gasoline, In bulk 20c-
In cases. 26c " '
TURPENTTNE— 55c per (gallon In cases and
<8c In drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sufrar Refining Com
l>any quotes, per lb, In ino-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.85c: Dry Granulated. 5.75c: Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 6.73c- Mae.
TioMa A, K.35c: Extra C. 5.25c: Golden C S 15c
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more; box
*s. 50c more; BO-lb bacs, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equiva
lent. Domlnos. half-barrels. 6.50c; boxes 6.75c
per lb.
Imports from the Islands !n May were 581.810
bags, against 461,437 In Ma/. 1900. , .
COFFEE— C. K Bickford's circular gives the
rpcoipts at this port thus far this year at
17R.830 bags, ugalnst 125.879 for the same time
last year. The sale* from first hands were
S2.105 baes. against «9.E3<5. The stock In first
hands June 1 was 90,443 bacre, against 63 143
bags laM year. The world's visible supply
Juns 1 was 7.192.112 bags, against 6.0GJ.S16.
The circular pay?:
COAL— Wellinrton, J9 per ton; Southfield
Welliniton. $J; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50: Coos
Bay. $»50; •Wallsend. $9;.Co-operaUve Walls
*nd. S9: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sark?; Pennsylvania Anthracite Kee. SU: Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke. J1S per ton In bulk and
J17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions,
IS 45 per 2000 pounds and J8 50 per ton. accord
ing to brand.
CRAIN BAGS— San Qnentln Bags, J3 63-
Calcutta Grain Bags. 714c; local make.'
%C less than Calcuttas; Wool Bass, S0@34c;
Fleece Twine. 7<£QSc
General Merchandise.
Packers will reduce their bids for Hogs to
6c this week. Whether they will secure sup
plies et this price remaine to be seen.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealsrs
are at follows:
BEEF— 7©7%c for Steers and 6@6%cper lb
lor coin.
VEAL— Large. 7%@8c; small. 8@Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©8c; Ewes, 6H@"c per
povnd. v
LAMB— Spring. S®9c per pound.
PORK — Live Hogs, ISO lbs and under. 6^40
C«c: ISO to 225 lbs. 6^6Hc; 223 and over. £%®$c
feeder*. ; dressed Hogs, 7i$©9Hc.
Sen Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 14@13c per lb; Northern, free. 12®
13c; defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free. 10ip
lie: do defective. S©10c: Southern. 12 months.
fcg?9e: Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c: do de
fective. 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, flae
14615c; <3o. medium and coarse. 13@14c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good. S@llc :
Nevada. 3C?:2c.
HOPS— 15e2»c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under Quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10%c; medium. 9g9Vic; light. 9c: Cow
Hides, SM;@Sc for heavy a=d 8S8H:C for light;
Stags. 6^c; Salted Kip. S^c; Salted Veal!
S%@10c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16Hc:
Culls. 13H@14<?: Dry Kfp, 16c: Djy Calf. 16U@
17c; Culls and Brands. 13@14c; Sheepskins'
Ehearllngs, l5@S0c each; short Wool, 30
<5f5Oc each; medium, 60g75c: long Wool, SOc®
Jl each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 60@2 T5 for large
and S2 25 for medium. Jl SOffl T5 for small and
EOc for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. Jl 75 for larse.
SI 50 lor medium, fl 25 for small and 50c for
Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins!
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth, 50c: medium, S5c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rende'red. 4«@;c per lb; No
2, S^.!g4c: grease, 2?f2^c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLEKE— On- half-barrel, STjc; three
half-barrels, S%e; one tierce. i%c; two tierces,
kfec; five tierces, S«4c r«r lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at €»;c per lb for corn
pound and lOWiOMc for pure; half-barrels,
pure. I0U©10%c; 10-lb tins, 10%igu>4c: S-lb tins.
10'~@ll*.c.
CCKED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy.
IT^gloc for light medium. 13^4c for light. 14%c
for extra light and 15^c Tor sugar-cured; East
ern eugar-curetl Hams, 12\ifjl3c: Mess Keef. J12
per barrel: extra Mess. $12 50; Family. Jll 00:
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $23; Mess,
J19; Smoked Beef, 13>£@i4c per lb.
All descriptions continue firm and In fair
demand. ,
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 BOftshell, ll@ll%c; No.
2. S@S'^c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10u C ; No. 2, 6%@
7%c; Almonfis. 134il4c for paper-fhell. 10@Uc for
eoltshell and C@«c for hardshell: Peanuts. 5@
tc for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@UV4c: Filberts,
irSfJZ 1^: Pecans, HQ13c: Cocoanuts, $3 ;fgZ.
HONEY— Comb. I0@Uc for bright aivl S@9i.ic
for light amber; water white extracted, 5(g5^4c;
llgrht amber extracted, 4@4^c; dark. 3}jc.
BEESWAX— :5(ff28c per 1b.
eeeded (Fresno prices), EUc: London Layers, 2
crown. $160 per box; 3-crown. $160; Fancy
Clusters. J2; Denes*. K 50; Imperials. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirty-One.
tive Sons' Kail.
To-day the Woodmen of the World and
the Women of Woodcraft of this city will
hold memorial service in honor of 'the
members of the order who died during the
last year. Golden Gate. Camp No. G4,
which has a membership of more than
1200, -win in ihc rorenoon visit all the
cemeteries in this city and in San Mateo
County for the purpose of placing flowers
on the graves of deceased neighbors, as
members in that order are designate*!
At 2 o'clock in the a&rernoon there will
be a special memorial service in Native
Sons* Hall, when there will be' appropriate
music, orchestral and vocal, and eulogie3
and an oration. The committee that will
have charge of the service will be D.
Oliver Jr., John Boyle. A. Lewis, J. F.
Brooks and J. F. Casey.
The members of Redwood Camp and
those of Redwood Circle will hold a ser
vice independent from the other camps
and circles, which are to Join with Golden
Gate Camp. These two associations will
meet in Pioneer Hall at 1 o'clock this aft
ernoon and go to San Mateo County,
where they will decorate the graves of
deceased neighbors in Mount Olivet. Cy
press Lawn and Holy Cross cemeteries
with flowers, and at Mount Olivet they
will unveil a monument erected to the
memory of the late Mrs. Freeland. who
was a member of Redwood Circle. G. W.
Schweinhard is the chairman of the gen
eral committee of "arrangements.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
AT MEMORIAL SERVICE
Graves of Neighbors to Bs Strewn
With Flowers — Service in Na-,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUffDAY, 9, 190lJ
32
RYAN— In this city. June 7. 1901. Ellen. b»-
i loved -wife of George Ryan, and niece ¦ of
Anora Kennedy and . Owen Meajran, a na-*
tive of Ireland, aged 42 year* 5 months and
12 days.
IT~" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mflnday). at 11 o'ctock, from the funeral
j parlors of Porter A White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel HU1 Cemetery.
STEINHART— In this city. June 6. 1901. May
F.. . beloved wife of Ignatz Stelnhart. and
sister of Joseph Frledlander. aged 43 years
8 months and 10 days. ¦
E7"rhe funeral will take place this day
- (Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 916 Sutter street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by special train leavlnjr
Third and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock.
Services and interment private. Please omit
• flowers. ¦ ¦ : . .
TIBBITTS— In this city. June 5. 1901 Isaiah.
- beloved husband of Annie Tlbbitta. and
father of Fred Tibbitts. a native of Maine,
aged 64 years. . — -
i ' E7Friends and acquaintances - and mem-
bers .of San Francisco Shlncalkers* Assocta-
" tion are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from
the parlors of the Craig & Cochr— n Com-
pany, 52-56 Mint avenue. Interment Odd
Fellows* Cemetery. By order '
" GEORGE B. McCLELLAN. President.
S. M. TAYLOR. Secretary.
TILTON— In this city, June "5. 1901. Juliet,
beloved wife of . the late Joseph R, Tllton.
¦¦> and mother of George, Dow. Noah, Emma
and John Tilton. a. native of Dayton. Ohio,
• aged 12 years and 10 months. " (Dayton. Ohio.
- paper* please copy.) .
f£7Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully' Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
• dence, 2619Va Harrison street, between Twen-
.' ty-!«econd and Twenty-third. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. . - - -. +
WnxiAMS- In this city. June 8. 1901. John.
beloved husband of Salemma Williams, and
' father of ' Mrs. Jennie Klose and John and
„ Amos Williams, a native of Cornwall, Eng.
- land, aged SO years 6 months and 19 days.
EjTFriends' and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
'¦ dence. 2423 Leavenworth street. ' Interment
- Masonic . Cemetery. - . ' ¦- ¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher > *
Daniel p. donovan ¦ Mgr .
MERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBAT.Mirna
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln SchooL •
'Telephone South 80. ' ; '-
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
f». 27 and 29 : Fifth - st. " Tet " ! South 167. a
rUH-KIL DIBSCTOaj AN*>; KM3ALKSS1. '
l_Sl!Sg^^ o | ulptn<;nt- at • MaA^ntm b.i^ *-"
Formerly with * McGinn , Bros.. < has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 114 Eddy at. ttmt.
Taylor and Jones. .Telephone South. 57*. .-.
jambs McGinn
BAIRD— In this city, June' 8, 1901. at » the resi-
-<3ence-of her brother. R. A. Vance, '226»"W11-
lard ctreet,.I.ydia T-, wife of, Thomas Baird,
: and mother of J. R. and C. A. Baird, a na-
tive -of New 'Brunswick. % "- • .!•-,
' Cyinterment at Eureka, Humboldt County.
; Cal. Please- omit flowers. ' , ¦ -' ' _J_
BANK— In this city^ June 8. • 190lT George JT
beloved husband of Bella 'G." Bank.'. father of
Walter, Gertrude, .Joseph,; Freddie .'and the
late George. Bank, and brother of .Mrs. Julia
¦ . ¦ Helns of • Eureka. * Cal... a - native of . San
Francisco, ' aged 41 years and 21 days.
BRADLEY— In this" city, June* 8, 1901, Alex-'
ander Bradley," son of ! Bernard and the late
Elizabeth Bradley, , aged 32 ; years. ... * ;. ;
CATtMODY— In this '; city. June i 8. 1901, John,
; beloved : husband of Mary ¦ Carmody, and
', father, of John Carmody • Jr., a native of
County Clare, Ireland, aged 66 years. •¦
¦ C^Friends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
'. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
St (Monday),' at 8:30' o'clock,, from. his late resl-
¦-'¦ dence, 309 A • Dore - street. ' thence ¦: to l St. - Jo- '
; seph's" Church,'. Tenth >. and, Howard -streets, '
' : where a . requiem high mass will f be cele-
•':- bratedfor the repose of his. soul.'- commenc-
,'lng :-at 9 'o'clock.. .Interment Holy 'Cross
-. Cemetery. * .-- ¦ ¦" ; .-. is; ......«.- - : : .-
CHURCH— In this I city, j June 8.V 1901, Minnie
¦ S., beloved wife of George E.' Church, 'mother
j of William Merton Church, - an* daughter of
.James and Helen, Dowllng, a native of Nova
Scotia, aged 26 years 6 months and 2 days.
CLOKE— In June- «, 1 --1901, Thomas
j Cloke, ( beloved , father of Mrs. M. • D. • Hickey,
' ; and grandfather ' of ¦ Don - and Louis Hickey,
. a native of County Wexford, Ireland, aged 74
¦ years.-- (New. York papers please copy.) -»
' j :.-, t7Frlends . and acquaintances ar« < respect-
. . . DBATITS.
Continued From Page Thirty.
. • C7Friends ¦ and - acquaintances < are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this, day
inSTriends and . acquaintances ; are respect-
1 fully invited \ to attend ! the funeral - this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock.- from -his late resl-
dnece,* 24 .\ Ritch ¦ street. : thence * to St. Pat-
'.rick's' Church for scrvicea. • Interment Mount
¦ Calvary - Ceraetery. . .* . ; ; : ; : r - '
GIFFORD^-In New • Bedford. Mass., May. 30,
. 1901,.Mr?.:Hattle Gifford.t daughter of George
I A. and -¦ the : late Rebecca; M. Harland, -and
.". niece . of , Mrs. ¦ J. L.. : Thomas '. of • San- ; Fran-
• Cisco. .-'.~r~. ..-..- _;..• "... /--.j;, ; ;-.^ .' ; ¦„ ¦ ::.
HERZOG— In .;' thlB » city, - June : 7; 1901. Alfred
„- Herbert, - dearly > beloved . son : of . Joseph and
-'•'Auguste ; Herzog, . and brother ; of Henry - J.,
" Bertha ; and ' Melville "W.:. Herzog ; and i Mrs.
- Edward - A: » Cohn . of Denver, ; Colo., a' native
¦ of . San . Francisco, . aged 29 years 6 . months
. and 15 days. . (Denver, Colo., and .New York
-'¦' papers : please ; copy.) .!. . . -~ - • . • . - . ;
U_r Friends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
-(Sunday), -at 1 o'clock, from, the residence of
.her daughter, Mrs. Shackelton, 1314>4 Alaba-
, ma. : street, thence to St.' Peter's Church -for
services.'; Interment Holy : Cross Cemetery. •
OARRETT— In" this city, .June 6, 1901." Francis
. O. ¦ Garrett." beloved husband of - Eliza ¦• Gar-
rett; brother of; James Garrett," and < father
of John, ¦ Richard and Thomas Garrett." Mrs.
' R." M. Bevel and . the late • Walter : Garrett. a
native of London. Kngland. (Hamilton, On-
tario, papers please copy.) . '
&y Notice of '¦ funeral hereafter. ' Remains
' at - the nartors of A. W. Martin A Co., . SW
.', O'F-rrell' street.. , . - '
GAFFNEY— In this' city. June 7. 1901; Annie,
¦•beloved wife of the late Thomas Gaffney, and
mother of Mrs. J. Sampson, Mrs. J. Shackel-
ton .and. Patrick _T. . Gaffney, ..a native of
County. Sligo,' Ireland, aged 58 years. •
'" 2_TFrlends .and acquaintances are respect-
• fully. invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 14 Hill street, thence to St. "James
" Church^ Twenty-third- and Guerrero streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will . be
celebrated for- the repose of his soul, com-
' menclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. - ¦ %' ." -' ..
DEABLE— In South San Francisco. June 7.
1 1901, ¦ at the residence ¦ of his - parents, 171S%
Kleventh avenue south, "William Henry Dea-
. ble, dearly beloved son of "William and Eliza
Deable. and ¦ beloved brother of Gracie Dea-
ble,, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 month
and 4 days. ¦ ¦ • *. /
DILLON— In this city, June «, 1901, "William
• Dillon, ¦• a native > of Pennsylvania, aged 70
-years. - ¦ - ._ - - - -
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from, his late resi-
dence, 2433 Durant avenue, thence, to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Berkeley, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
I of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
- terment Holy Cross Cemetery. : . • ¦
COLLINS^-In ' Oakland, June 7, 1901, ; Frank
. Collins, -a .native- of; New Jersey, aged 23
• years and 10 months. •, - • -. . -,....
CROWLEY— In this city. "June 8, 1901. Ed-
, ward A., dearly beloved son of John J. and
Mary Crowley. brother of, George J., Frank
and Irene Crowley, and .nephew of Thomas
,H. Lindsay. Mrs. K. Martel, Mrs. O. Meysel
and Mrs. A. Shaw, -• a native of San Fran-
cisco, . aged - 23 years and 6 months. -
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1615 Scott street. - Interment Home of
Peace' Cemetery, by 11 :S0 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
HUDDLESTON— In this city, Jun« 8. 1901.
Julia Huddleston. beloved wife of Mathew
¦ J.- Huddleston, mother of- Mathew. Rob-
' ert, - Henry, Charlotte and Genevleve
Huddleston, . daughter • of • - the late - Mich-
ael, and Ann : Canty, and sister -of. Thomas;
Michael and. William Canty." Mrs. -William
London and Mrs. J. P. Hallet. a native of
San Francisco, aged 41 years ana 1 montn.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 731% Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-
seph' s-. Church, where services will be- held
-at 1 o'clock. .Interment- Holy Croas Ceme-
tery. ¦ ... . * / ..'•'-¦.•
JOHNSON— In thto city. June. 6.' 1901. John P.
Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged 34 years. •
.IT~"Remain« at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler. 636 Washlneton street, and will be
shipped to Seattle . Monday. June 10th.
McGREGOR— In this city. June 8. 1901.* Ellen,
relict of the late James McGregor, v and .be-
loved sister of Mrs. J. Peters and • the late
Mm J. Ryan and Mrs. M. -Petteroon.- a na-
tive of Thurles. Ireland, aged 63 years. . .
KTNotice of funeral hereafter. \
MIBACH— In' this city, June ; 8, 1901, • at the
residence of his father-in-law. James Ma-
quire. 2606 Folsom street, between Twenty-
• second and Twentx-third streets. Peter Jo-
"seph Mibach. .dearly beloved husband of An-
nie Mibach. beloved .son of Michael and Ida
Mibach. and brother of William. Joseph and
Ida.- Mibach, a native of San Francisco*' aged
¦26 years and. 2. months. : • - ¦•¦_ - ._
MOONKT-In ' the City • and i County Hospital,"
-: June 8, 1901,: Martin Mooney, a native of Ire-
land, aced «5 years. _ , t j ' - ,. .. .
O'CONNOR— In this city/ June 1,' 1901. Michael
O'Connor, relict of Mary O'Connor, a native
of County Oalway. Ireland, aged 70 yearn.
O'NEILL— In Oakland, June 7. 1901. Margaret,
beloved wife of the late k William O'Neill
. mother - of Mary. Francis ." and r - William J.
O'Neill, and sister : of Mrs. Michael > Curti"
and -the late . Mrs.' 'Mary -T>. Mat hews and
Mrs."' John ¦ Kearney, a -. native of ¦ Ireland,
aged 70 years 5 months and 19 days. .,
jrjrFrlendsand acquaintances 'are, respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1087 Flf ty-elsrhth street, thence ' to St."
', Columba's Church, where a . solemn . requiem
high mass will be celebrated for - the repose
of hsr'soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
V terment St. Mary's Cemetery,. Oakland. .
PALMIERI— In this "city. ; June 7.- 1901, Esrtsto
;¦> C.^ Palmieri.*. .beloved ; husband of Adelina
Palmieri; a native of Italy, aged
47 years.- . " "• • ; •'>•,*, ¦'¦ •* ¦>..¦ -<r\
¦ , C_TFuneral service* I. this : ;day (Sunday)/
¦ at 1 o'clock.*", at King- Solomon's Hall, j Ma-
.' sonic .Temple. ' ¦- Interment * Italian Cemetery-
_, Please • omit • flowers. . : ... - . . .- ¦ i . • -
PENDERGAST — At • Pine * . Ridge, .'.' Fresno
. County. June 6, 1301. Joseph H. . Pendergast.
a native of Bangror, Me.; aged 56 years and 9
¦ months. . *. -,/¦ •.. .-¦;.. ¦•¦¦' a ¦ - -, < .
PISTOLESI— In ' Marln County, "^ Cal.;- June 8, '
1901, ; Harold ' J. , : dearly beloved • son of . Frank
- .V.' and Emma' F. Pistolesl.: and brother of
. . Rosalie -1 B..'- Frank -V.'- Jr. ' and • Emma F.
V Pistolesl; a native of ¦ San '. Francisco; axed 3
years 1 month and a,d»y»,.-- -t... - ¦ _> .*<^
.: ? ale>s - : ...'.-..>:.;;/.".! '¦¦;,;:; : T:'::':";. : , Hale>g v;_.;;: ;;;•• .::;;;'¦"' ' : ''^''.*; : f^-'ilH?^ le>s> "' V 7'" ¦¦'•""'¦"'"'¦ " : ' '>V : ----^' : - : MHaie > »; -'^-V '.-¦ '. : - ;; i : .y~"-'i -'¦':''.: Bait'* '¦:¦¦¦; '¦-;¦¦' — -^.j-". ¦ ••'.-• •
tJkde in the hmiht ef style ;
I [tffiM ' '^|p??» %**lf|fHUn!y^^flf It's not the forced sal ( e of somebody's congested stock, but the healthy, output of a busy t § jTff^t \{\IM Iti^-^f^ ¦? * -'^ ' l_k-&-- — ~~
0i'M. 'Issffi tf£i\\ concern. .'We've already sold hundreds 'of their suits from our six stores in the State. Likely rr ore 1|^& r 1 ¦ fe^^^ I '<^t^$ ,&r%&
c^Ci;feV\. Ifeijill I Vfi l^Vi ;1 than fr ° m any ° ther onem , a^ er - Tnat 's how much we think of the work they do. They think a W^Mi'^MS^iif -fe" V ; .®
' S_^ (4^3) I g °° d deal .°^ US f ° r hn y' m S so -much from them. This is how tliey show it. They give us - Vf\ Pl^^^^^/ 7^^ ySC
f^tff S V\ / • II 3_ Wa/ —and they'd, fix them as we ,wanted them. Of course we crowded into them all we could. You'll be surprised at the \4 T7l / Xk V 'M litK/ /
$</ I * „ %* I I r . jjjr^/^/^i freshncs s and'beauty and y orijrinality of the styles. Everything is as Rood as though the price >ere what ( is usually; . SxKlJi / A I-' '1-1 ''- / I
I * ¦ ¦ * j i X i /|Qc/ '- \ :- -sked. The trimmings and stitchinsrs and strappings 'and shaping are such as only houses of this "caliber can make. —^ \t! j * jl \\ '{ \Jhn
I ; .A / i\; • 'Ci x__ ' The cloths are largely, cheviots and homespuns in blocks, grays. Oxfords and blue, though there^^ are a few Blue ' //! / % /•' : U *Wi
/ /] I T '>ir ' —^-^i ' EtamincSa f? 17#5 9 and 918.75.- (Think of that! Other folks are "starving for them at $30.00 and $.tf~.oo.). ]V__>*^y<. ' t U V\\ Mtll
// '/K ! * ' The linings are the best silks— taffeta and peau de soie. We thought it would be nice to have about half of X/^\. J\ /•'¦ • vV vl\ \
I y \J J\ \ i ~ , them with silk drop' skirts (which have fluted flounces). • Yes, this is by far v // p**^t\VAj • ¦y\^l / J\ \
//^^J ?° different from the ordinary' offering of picked-over styles— or the closing out of the short lines where only J j 'H'lQ y '^**^/_]/''fc fl \^V
. / I v ..'¦'" undersized or oversized women can participate. Here every one; can take part— plenty of every size. . • Ij . ' ' . *|^ fa>~-*4 / >
' \ Onpn Sf.7^.uit-reai value $27.50. $22.50 Suit— real va'ue -$?.9.50. - ft22.=JO Su^t-i a. v; lue $32 5u. /. / M 1 IC^V
I So^ytT — ?Zj n l .V'Aiii^i ,- 1 1 : lnch . t( i f rf ? ta ra 2 s % U rou " d - *traps on dart ..- "Pebble chevlotT-double-breasted. tight-fitting Jacket, faced with peaii Open Eton Jacket with moire vest, taffeta lined. L'AIglon collar AfW J* * Jr >
* 8. c 5 Suit— real value $"?O. * ' $24 75 Suit— real value $35 and *lack cheviots and gray and Oxford homespuns. T1%7_» V^V^*"
-T*^ I bl^reasted half tight fitting Jacket-Eton back, dip front-gradu- ColUrless Eton Jacket-taffeta lined, vest front effect* with stitched ¦ ' $24 7 " Suit- real value $35. ¦ " 1 " K^?.^?/^7J >>
all thrSuph with taffeta sil^some h^. the R t .Z tlirt""^ U «5 ' ! a « n «' ra ?» and braid belt to match crossing In front-flare skirt with Eton Jacket-with velvet notch collar, made with vest to button In front-lmed with taffeta
O^rhfm^n.— Silk - me - « Uk *- 8Wrt -- y aP V U^^Sr^t a n na "^ SS ° T »*«* **
$^Sheel&&PillQvr Cases T *^ 7 1 vr>v / _» &T'tir r 4~**a4~ firi fa of ivrif lif«-._^«w> i w^j-
K&J-As-fiQsdand cheap as they can be- ; .£i. c a2: &£>\&€ij$fr 81 11.11111101 Vr Sffltt-.^-
Its natural Folks who buv and sell as many sheets and pillow cases as we thllts V^Sfr / t3 _/2 tillS ltlJuty Y°V gctill W9T9 it WB Cfe iTjDSWV HaS a't
do get an inside when there's an inside to be got, so when we were getting made up. X_ jS x / H ~* f Price.
ready for this sutmner sale we looked around for what good things we could *- ' —4- : ' wi,-ar«Hn' n / v V- ;• i 7- 'i " • i i .' -i- -dxtt,. , ' Of course you-n do
find in sheets and pillow cases Here they are- , n . sucn a break in prices so early is an entirely new feature in local retailing.; But Hales are always striking for your part and buy
SChiT"-;""" nt ',"¦ jsri'*- at i2Kc - i Pe -" t Hem shMt8 - s?iliP^^i^^ii| W$§$$$$i 55_?s : wanl - then strike boldly; '"""""%
Cleacnea — heavy muslin. Made in the same way as these at Bleached;- the muslin is a good • ' - , ; ' . -^C
45x36 inches. Manufacturer *£^™££sti* zg*^. . Get an Extra Month's Wear Ou t of a Barcrafn Uat •
cleaned up his short lengths Of size most every woman wants;-6o6 ma de If you made them : y • 1 ** XT_,V/l*l,I* _? T »\OI V"»- V 1 <* l_»dl lldll
sheeting by making them into of them and no more when they are 54x90 BSc each!. 72x90 That's i what you want— and we do it. . ; " ¦ '.
cases, same as we clean up our Kcne> 5Oc b^_ I each 6 ° C E^m" 81x90 - -The. reductions are not here and there, but everywhere— trimmed and untrimmed hats; ready-to-wears. flowers, foliage trimming and
millinery materials by convert- Wamsutta Sheets. "¦" ornaments of all kinds are marked down t/b their lowest mark. ' . : _ _-»-»**
ing them into hats. Thus pil- Bleached, hemmed-all ready for the Bleached Sheets. . ; • ; / . . , ; ..
low cases that can't otherwise Z&X%tf?£2£%2S-$%fi£ Trimmed Hats.- Readyrto- Wear Hats -Flowers. ¦ " ¦¦
be sold under I2j^c go for JMcbach.:«wo 85e each..9Ox9o 37%c.each... 54x9o , tt . _. sj- „ . - „.„.. r- 7 *. - i.iuncia. , . . . .-
He' K 7Oc ea ch..72x90 OOc each 90x93 47%«each 72x90 84 and $5 Hots *op $^.45 Are all reduced. They are some of this 65c Black Roses 19c. ' ¦ ij V r
: s»*2%\ / 8OeEACH " ta " f^ACH.eoxio, 57HCEACH ooxoo ¦ And they jre all .ew charm.n f styles mason's best styles, but there are not I in a bunch-they have colored centers. "¦ P«k-
P5 Sii • msmm^ x^^^-~7 m
i_i^< \«*5r/j& I'tZlUdl y HI Hill £ DllCG .- Lot J- 25c-Includes sombreros, sailors 75c Geranium* 29c JAeZSEt
- , - J r $6 and $8 Hats i»V $3.45. and walkers. Red velvet wer. Mg5&
Li'^_S__=yV It *-as by mere chance that one of otir N<-w VnrV ¦ /£^l Swell elepant hats we have made such Lot 2 . 49c-Includes walkers with *° c to 75c ' clO8ln * out now at 29c. 43BmfL%r<
? M IM b s« tl sr«s e ji e ffi Si r b o ioS s 8traw s * lors In the most^ 50c and T5c June Ros " I9c aBd 23c - "^r*3
W**^ff .. . ..... , =>c. pi cuy pieces tneseunusuai . rfP\r\I/L*/l good out of them you can, so we have popular blocks. . 8 doz. in : a bunch-they an Just the thin* . \ 1
\ IP pnees will pass them ion to you in a hurry. ft i ¦/'//% V4 '¦'¦ '- • cut the price now instead of in July. - „_-,,„ „ for children's hats. ........ . h«^L-
'» iVyf \ _.., _ A . _ - • ¦.."•" M j^A /A/ ¦ - " -¦ - ' Lot 3. 75c— Includes very stylish ready- «.,--„ ... ,« *^C/7*$ftiS_
'(?A^f"^ White Busts, in 3 sizes— AH good subjects, tit; J ' <<'V ' «« onrf *in ct,i?« n n h«* c= to-wear hats that have been selling for 75c to SI 75 R"«e» All 49c. /y/rffi^y
s' *> among which are the well-known Cigale. Nymphe, X^^^- )\ K>8 ana (|»iu wnuion nats {1 50 and J2 00. .Velvet, moussellne. chiffon and silk in about S^*^
___JhoV/» Tanagra, Winter, etc. * / ./V-^^V^^'V r They are in those tucked effects so pop- . . '-'. f'*J:\ every color you can think of. / ?> 'Cf'J/^ir
49C-14 inches high: worth S1.00 [ : J- *X£^^l^\^S^V '^J^^^LxV^^^' >c ..d 5 Oc Apple B,o. M _, .8c
'tSZ^^p OSc each-18 inches high; worth $2.00. . V Vil^M- Y ZjF t°ned «o with feather pompons. A tri- 35c and Me values "now -i 4r r> ••
Tv° J*'~-™^r; 22 r d r 24 . lnches h r : wortn $5 ;^ ;w^3;? • w^^^^irXY^SVuslo ©a^p^SSSS W^i^V" ¦ .Braids.
\g( Terra Cotta Busts-In bronze effects; more than pTWfa A -e ™k°e the ifferin. fn°the mire'st^nS , ' 50c Horsehair Braid, for 2_c. Mfilll
_ lalf a dozen leading subjects, priced thus: j> •/ ..)\) (, >\ $5 hats that usually cost $S and $10. PnliflffP Biack-3 of this season's best Dattems-2 and i^l^'-^^
~>'t£'!ii'iifirr~ i OSc eaci— 14 inches high; worth $2.00. • /** '( - . . '-.- - " u " a 6 c> . 8 Inches wide. ' LSSS'-*f7
&WJ&uf-tl 81.5O each— 16 inches high; worth $3.00. /_ V J^ yl*/' Camping and Outing Hat^ 39c. Hundreds upon hundreds . of sprays of every 50c Satin Straw Braids for 25c 1 ~-*ffi
C^~7U::' $5.00 each-22 and 24 inches high; worth $7.50 and %&US' " : J 'V Light weight' affairs made of canvas- kInd y° u can thlnk of are reduced like this: -^ wldtha In about every C olor-those*that \H/
.\ T $10.00. . * k^iT^: Cv^A i us t the thing for scouting: about the " 3c FOR what "were 15c. were 75c a-, now 35c a- a those tJ^t were 50c J^Z\ *
\~"-Jt >i_*r country in. - lOc for what were 2Sc. now 2Sc. ¦ . - v -y /yf\
%& hirWeckwear&Handkerchiefi I Leghorn Hats ».™»™™ B . i ». M . ¦r^.^___r_S__- fc . •¦-¦' m^S
S* / LLi£& / ~S V Xaly / x ~ U*> -t-haif rtl^s*t> in ih*> hi no hxrdn'm nrhrP*l*iion Black and white— good, perfect hats, but OCp I|ntril7tm_r! HatC fftr I9 T P All colors. "7 : Sw _ J^
tgggtZifjj ¦¦<*»*' ¦" - xe * pen pictce in ins (June Bargain processiuii . our seaaon ls at an end— profits are ai- ZOC uninuirnsu naio lui-l/aCi- j ouHi« at I
Our New York office has worked to give us the best values the metropolis "25c Leghorns for 12^c Black straw. Also 65c one for 29c. ' Every color. :'
¦ possesses. First are these: - . S1.00 Leehorns for 39c^ 75c to $1:50 colored shapes 49c. S6c and 3Se wire Frame. I2Hc. •^&*5.4.5
r v ,=»-'; •' Irt^- ciriiri'l"^ H«inrllr*=.r»r*hl(-?« *7^f ¦ e-i ok t^.,.1,,,--. *«- no. This season's shapes— beet— all colors— eame This season's shapes In black, white and V^JfcwttuSv
>> / ¦/ v.:- . lue ana i-tc nanaiiercnieus ««^« -,., 91.20 L>«g— orns for 59c • - w , t i,, mi ,i 1 _, ffi( ,, inninfiine -whitp rnior« _^cTTiwW^v\
2*5&T'%{ 1920 ladles' handkerchiefs in 32 different patterns in fancy lace borders and corners, hem- . with/ mull rufHes, includlnK white. colors. (RRti&)kA
fiT {AJyj stitched and lace borders, lace edging and lace |nserticn, hemstitched with embroidered cor- ' ;*> \_dT? -t^&f
>T^rj J[M»jfr ners and all linen hemstitched handkerchiefs; worth 10c to 15c; 7^0 each. Next! - ' ' ; " . . . . - . 5.
%0>fM !^ c Too Collars lOc. ' Qpmra /^\Leatner purses- sat cneis _ , ¦ t^rv>
"~^Ci 1M0 ladles' top collars, made of fine white lawn, scalloped and embroidered in fancy scroll— *T>T'- i Tl' reJ— fl .- /_iriU7H]crA C*A ¥\ S<*r*% c*f£* JT M* ' fn «_T ___.. #^_f
. •w.g/- leaf g^^ open wor]t designs— an elegant assortment in 20 different styles; worth 15c; each 10c. f!\V \~. '" rl 1 LpqBS V c / ¦ • m MM tmw w .^Wmi-llj %~* Cili_P C?__P tKS l\
{June 5ellinfr : :¦-, &BWm^ " ' F Sa^is^ es^eL.^..^^ :^ r^%^^
Wm^i^a H • ¦ ¦ "r f il^P^^ Combination Purses-Sea, g rain, rnetal &"' SS^SfcSsT &&£*%& *&sl§gft&M
4*87^ TS' WTU liven up this section of the store this wee. with some extraordinary values. sfp|j, ZT™' * '"sOc _i!K-7fcu OuJLvade of the IIne,t
A'± > O " areIn Ot th6Se thlnBS U l8We11 tojake advantage of these reduction. M^ # W^^^m "l^SSS ttffl ' T^M^
¦ %X*, • DamasV 68c. Napkins $2 69 a Dozen. X W5JSy&3F» JT^ M covered frames, extra large CoC corners and riveted-cloth lined-22-lnch .^^^^Zi^
r r£ riiV - ; Bleached, pure linen— 6S Inches wide, a Beautiful white damask ones— 24 Inches iflrf^C- 1 '¦~d3&£E2&^< l^>i£&¥'\% m«"h < Rno>fl Imitation allieator Covered SP2.50. 24-inch S— • « 5, 25-inch 53. ()O. ,^?_^('-^=ri__CT^
9^. 'yVMT^mn e™ Ae that we have been sellln K at 75c - wlde and aU "nen-sDlendid for every *IU i: T^ I V^^^^^S^^l C , Ba * ? Tl i«V.V, «t^« o ?„!,.- ConSTCSS Baes — Of genuine grain MWft&zSr&L
J f>y,/fh\^ 0Q day uae. " bi-2^ fT^k'/  frames, patent brass lock and catchers- ¦ lea^ her , brass loek and catchers, pock- A>M^M^V
A\ '" •• *A-:S*>&> 19 n n ,,n Tn^kl, Tnw.k fl t Iflr ' ' they have pockets and are linen lined: ets and linen lining-13-inch St.3.%. &MZ$Sm?r&^ : *$b
f't 42 Dozen Turkish Towels at IOC. ?^_f^__^P_^S^^KB|^______9 10-ln. ones.-ftLS.'* 14-ln. ones.. $1.85 14-inch 81.55, 15-inch $1.75, 16-luch if/l&AOSmM^&f^S,
, £\.^^&!&*-0*?y*f bleached— 20x3S inches, reduced from 1214c for this bargain flurry at the linen -~=»4-*yyji»»tO--~'. d | |[| onea ..g5j_.Q5 16-ln. ones..$2._;5 SI. 05- W^^^lrjMnlr^^ST
\ - ' <fnl /Mb/ X**f_-^- __^— t&^BB^^ _. ho ca _ af f or( j t0 i et this fine opportunity slip. This in connection with the 50c >_B/ _ "_^^^ <^"_k
_i _^^ Gibson pillow tops we are selling now for 39c is attracting unusual attention to jt&Sf 1^ * j^^*^|f> GOO&&^^^ • S_3_LV>^_
~^^^^>^^<N>~1 ""^^^S_^_b!___^^ GOOD^^^^ .--. ' our art department. *"^^ ffiB^TtmTWi . .... . n |J^ I ¦ ¦» M Jgl___