SAN FRANCISCO,- FRIDAY, MAY 3,- 190 1.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 154.
By a Ruse He Escapes the Crowd Which Glamors ¦¦for a Sight^of^Hirh
Early in the Morning and Is Driven Through the Ancient Portions
of the Town and to the Southern University and! Jackson Square
Colored Students Bid Him Welcome and He Replies in Short Speech.
He Speaks Also to the Crowds That Throng the Rooms of the Old
Courthouse,. and Again From Its Railed Porch to PeoplelQutside
PRESIDENT M G KINLEY IS RECEIVED IN STATE HISTORIC
HALLS OF THE OLD CABlLDO BUILDING AT NEW ORLEANS
WHILE IN THE STREETS THE WILDEST ENTHUSIASM PREVAILS
¦INifP^RONT.OF-THB OLD CABILBO THE CROWDS GATHERED -AROUND
: - THE PRESIDENT'S CARRIAGE AND BLOCKED ITS WAY, WHILE :
; CHEER UPON CHEER FOR NATION'S CHIEF THRILLED THE AIR. ¦ '
Continued on Page Two.
NETV ORLEANS. May 2.— Al
though the President retired
last night at the- late hour of
1 oclock after the fatigue of
\ sitting four hours at a ban
quet table, h»» was awakened
tit S this morning to prepare for to-day's
ex^rcisfes. He had barely lime for his
toilet and a hasty breakfast before a vast
crowd began to assemble in the streets be
fore the St. Charles Hotel and call loudly
for him. At 9:15 ho was bundled into ; a.
carriage and with the other members of
the party was driven to the Southern Uni
versity, a State educational institution,
where he m*t some prominent colored peo
ple of ICew Orleans as well as colored stu
dents of the university.
On account of the vast throng! in and
around the St. Charles Hotel it was neces
sary to resort to a little strategy in get-r
ting away. The "common" street side of
the hotel -was comparatively clear, of peo
ple and he was seized by escorts "and
hustled quickly out through a side door
and was. seated in his carriage before. the
great crowd was aware* of it. ". He smiled
broadly and good humoredly at the crowd
as he bowed rapidly right and left and
there was a merry twinkle in his 'eyes at
tjie success of the strategem employed by
his escort. While he was passing St.
George, the chimes of that ..cathedral
pealed forth a welcome and a multitude of
young girl students at ' tho ¦. New
Orleans University united their voices and
By O. O. O-A.R,lLiTO2^.
Special Corre&pondent of Th© Call
In antebellum days and fora longtime
thereafter, as- well as in colonial . times,
Jackson square,~!or "La Place d'Armes,"
was; the assembly ground of the \ fashion
and culture of New •Orleans. Alone the
broad levee of 'the river front ran the
driveway, upon which rode 'and drove the
creolo beauties and their dashing,' dueling
gallants, while under the groves of live
oak played the' children in. the chargeYdf
black "mammies." - The ¦ negro venders : of
creolc "calas" ! and! '.'praljiies" found their,
readiest market '-. at -the^ Place] d'Armfes,"
Facing the square is . the " old . Cabildo,
where the actual ;transfer of Louisiana to
the United States was', made - and where
President McKinley was. formally! wel
comed by Governor Heard. It was in this
square that the smugglers and "pirate's of
tho Carribean Sea;' and Barataria Bay
were hanged and gibbeted, .In this square
also • were "shot the, French >.creoles of
Louisiana ' who •". rebelled ¦ at '.; the . secret
treaty whereby their, county was ceded to
Spain.'; :¦,, ; ¦':¦¦:'¦ . ;.'..!• : '.
In Jackson Square.
ground of the colonial troops for : the
French and Spanish regiments and later,
was the place v/here'thc people of the city
assembled to welcome General . ; Andrew
Jackson after the Battle of New Orleans.
The; procession' of distinguished visitors
and escorts then wended its way through
Frenchtown— or the Creole quarter of the
city. The dark, dingy and narrow streets
wero offensive In odor and it was a relief
to, the party when a halt was made in
Jackson Square, the old French plaza or
"Place d'Armes,", one of the most.ro
mantic spot associated with the early-his
tory of the State. • It was the parade
1 am glad to know that all over the South,
¦where most of you dwell, the States have pro
vided institutions of learning- where every boy
and every girl can prepare themselves for use
fulness and honor under the Government in
which' he lives.- The thing to-day is to be prac
tical. What' you want is to get education, and
with It you want .good character, and with
these you want unfaltering industry, and if
you have these three things you will have suc
cess anywhere and everywhere. »God bless you.
At the Southern University he addressed
nearly five thousand colored students
after an address of welcome extended by
a colored boy of 17. The boy was fol
lowed by a mulatto girl of not more than
15 years of age, who delivered a set speech
of welcome as she handed the President a
basket of | flowers.
The President replied in the following
words:
At the Southern University.
sang "America" as he passed. Tills
seemed to please the President immensely
and he bowed and smiled repeatedly.
'¦'-'' k 'S "the President' stood in the o'd Cabildo building, -facing Jackson Square, he was a figure in history apart
A ' "from the 'usual "place on heripa.se* occupied by\the ebi.efs of the' republic. The Cabildo itself was built by the
• /^B : Spaniards one hundred aiid seven years ago and the sovereignty of the soil on .which it stands has undergone
r\ % interesting changes. Louisiana,, settled by Iber.vill.ejn. 1700, after the treaty of Utrecht was given'by the King
A jRk. oV "France "to Antoine Crozart,- who appointed Cadillac Governor, of the province. It leads us back into a far time
" " ¦ ' - to think" of' that 'domain "beionging'to "onejnjan as a gift and his", appointment- or a^Governor to" rule" it for him!
Crozart could' not make the domain* pay-another thing to. think about-and finding himself land poor gave the
"whole "of it to the notorious John I.aw. who made, it the basis! of. his, celebrated ."Mississippi scheme." l,aw had the genius
'but not the resources; of our modem trust promoters,. and when his speculative bubble burst French interest in the land
declined so "that the King, finding himself unable to.make a gift of it to individuals stick, in 1762 by secret" treaty conveyed it
all "to Spain! The next r year.by a treaty between France, Spain, Great Britain and Portugal all of Louisiana east of the
Mississippi from its source to the rive'r Ibervillc. thence along the channel of that river and through the middle of Lakes
" Maurepa's and" Fontchar train, 'was ceded to Great Britain. This treaty declared that Louisiana "extended as far aa the
sources cf the' Mississippi/ easterly and westerly. ; The part west of the .Mississippi, remained in the . possession, of Spain
.until 1S01; '.when by :the treatyVof St. . Ildefonzo it ; was reconveyed to France. ! This treaty was kept secret for fear, that
:Great Britain would' seize the '-territory as < spoil from'France.V After ;the treaty of 'Amiens,- which' made a ; temporary
I peace "between France and England. | the loss of San- Domingo lessened French" interest in j Louisiana and made " the na
tives averse to -French- dominion.- but Napoleon determined "to makeit a French colony and ordered Marshal. Bernadotte,
the founder of the^dynastyiOf'Swedeii, with.5000 troops, ; to.go'out and take possession. War with England broke out
again and Bernadotte refused 'the commission,' whereupon Lausat was sent to New Orleans as chief prefect, but the
- sovereignty. was still' in' Spain. ¦• - • ¦]¦¦'"'. '.¦".* .' - ' i_ jf . , . ¦
" About that Uime Governor Claiborne of Mississippi Territory was enraged by. the action or Spain In closing the
ports ofNew Orleans and Mobile- to >' the deposit'of American goods.. Tn 1S03 he wrote ¦ Madison. Secretary of State:
"Excitement in the Territory is -very .great. -.It if; the general sentiment that the treaty has been grossly violated, the
comity of nations disregarded, our people materially injured, and tiie United States insulted. I have in this Terri
tory 2000' militia well officered and as full of national pride as any men in the Union. I have on the Tombisbee another
regiment who are burning to resent the obstacles imposed by the Spanish comandante. With these forces— yes, sir, with
¦= S0O of my men— we can take possession of New. Orleans and expel or disarm the Spanish garrison." In fact. Governor
. Claiborne was spoiling Jfor a fight, but had to.spoil. , _¦_
. ' . About that time President Jefferson wrote to -Mr.. Livingston, our Minister at Paris, a remarkable letter, which is in
• teresting now, in. view, of .our political conditions. Jefferson said: . :
"The day that -France '.takes possession of New Orleans fixes the sentence which is to restrain her forever within low
water mark; It-seals the union of /two nations who. in conjunction, can maintain exclusivve possession of. the ocean.
.. From ' that .moment we must marry, ourselves to the British fleet and nation. Wo must. turn all our attention to a mari
timeforce and, having' formed and connected together a power, which may render reinforcement of her settlements
• here impossible to France, make the first cannon that shall be fired in Europe the signal for tearing up any settlement
'she may -have made and for. holding the two continents of America in sequestration for the common purposes of the
united British. and American nations." 1 :
... This was a. cool proposition to pirtition North and South America between tho .United States and Great Britain!
But circumstances .change, policies.; Bonaparte preferred • to make the United States and Great Britain rivals rather
'than allies and to Livingston's overtures for our ; purchase of Louisiana at once responded. The treaty of purchase was
signed in -Paris, "the tenth day of.Florcal, in the eleventh year of the French republic! the 30th of April. 1S03." by Mon
roe Livingston and. Marbois. Warlike Governor Claiborne after all took New Orleans, but did not need 800 men nor his
reserve force on the Tombisbee. -He and General Wilkinson were the American Commissioners to receive Louisiana from
•¦the: French. ¦ - ¦-.- •:.¦-¦ ¦ ;'• . • .
December 20, 1S03. therSpanish comandante. Lausat the French orefect. Claiborne and Wilkinson met In the Ca
bildo building. The' Spaniard, -by virtue of the treaty of St. Udefonzo, formally transferred the sovereignty from Spain
to France and, the Spanish flag was hauled down and the French flag went up. Then Lausat, by virtue of the treatv of
Paris, handed! the sovereignty over, to the United States, the French flasr came down and the stars and strides took its
place, and Claiborne and Wilkinson; adjourning to the Place des Armes. now Jackson Square, proclaimed the United
States as sovereign of the soil.*. In air history them has been no other as rapid change of sovereignty. In one aour the
people were the subjects of Spain, France, and this republic. .Jefferson had intended to appoint Lafayette Governor Gen
' oral of ,the province, but our relations with France had changed his plans and Claiborne was made Governor General cf
-'. "Louisiana with all the executive. l^gis!ative. and judicial powers of the Spanish comursdante. So it came to pass that
':'¦ President* McKinley became part-of a'pjculiar. history'as lie.sto.od in the old- Cabildo. The hardy adventures of, DeSoto.
Marquette, Joliet, La Salle and Ponce dz Leon endured in the hope .to add land and glory to the flags of France or Spain
- were written in the.flrst chapter of that history and' the successor of Jefferson inscribes his name under the. latest line.
PRES IDENT M'KINLEY A FIGURE
IN THE HISTORY OF OLD CABILDO
The San Francisco CallA FEATURE OF THE BANQUET GIVEN BY THE OHIO LADIES WILL BE
• THE STREWING OF FLOWERS OVER GUESTS AND TABLE BY PRET
-., TYvLITTLE MISS MARIAN ENGLE.
Continued From. First Page.
PRESIDENT VISITS SCENES
OF GREAT HiSTORIC INTEREST
for three minutes each— Nathan II. Moran
of Palo Alto, William B. Greeley. of
Berkeley and Ralph T. Fisher of Oakland,
representing the colleges at Berkeley, and.
Everett J. Brown speaking for -the -law
department. After the exercises Presi
dent McKinley and his. party, will, be en
tertained at luncheon by President atid
Mrs. Wheeler.
Warring Wilkinson, Superintendent of
the State Institution for the Deaf
and Dumb, and • Blind, objects to
the action of the .McKinley Day
committee which has ignored
his school in the visits of the Chief Exec
utive. He asked that the President be
driven through the asyh?m grounds on his
way from Berkeley to Oakland and fail
ure on the part of the committee to so ar
range 'the programme (j has incensed".. the
Superintendent. ' ¦ .. • .. ¦*•¦¦'•
"It would' not take more than three or
four minutes' extra time," said he; -"and It
is quite as important that President Mc-
Kinley should visit us as that he should
visit the University of California."
9 -H I ¦! I i l .Hnfr.fr, I M H "I"H"H"H"I"H- *,
and even to-day the old negro women,
with the picturesque "tlgnon" of brilliant
colors bound about their heads, cry
A. Month's Test Free.
If you have Dyspepsia, write Dr.Shoop. Racine,
Wis.,box 137. for six bottles Dr.Shoop's Restora
tive. Ezn.paid. Send no money. Paj $5.50 If cured'
LOS ANGELES, May 2.— Theodore
Kretschmar, whose 550,000 damage suit
against the Pasadena and Mount Lowe
Railway Company has been on trial in
Judge Allen's department of the Superior
Court since Monday, was given a verdict
by ihe jury to-day for $10,000. Through an
accident in July, 1899, Kretschmar "lost
both his arms abeve the elbows from con
tact with a live wire in the mountains
north of Pasadena. The company was
granted a te'. days' stay of executlonand
will appeal its ?ost cause to the Supreme
Court.
¦Wins Suit Against Railroad.
BAKER CITY.: Or., May 2.— The April
clean-up of .the Bonanza mine. r a S.tandard
Oil property, amounted to $65,000 An gold
bars and concentrates worth $18,000.
Big Clean-Up at Bonanza Mine.
Rides Bicycle Into Engine.
SACRAMENTO. May 2.— Jake Burkhal '
ter, an assistant ; section foreman, in ; the
employ of the railroad company, while
riding a bicycle through the railroad yards
this evening was struck by a switch en
pine and had his right: leg broken below
the- knee. His bicycle was run over by the
engine and wrecked.
SAN JOSE, May 2.— The student body of
the University of the Pacific elected offi
cers to-day as follows: President, Mervin
Parsons; vice president, Margaret Lewis;
treasurer, Ira S.. Tiffin: secretary, J. Golds
worthy; editor Work-a-Day World.-Helen
Hanson: assistant editor.* Sam R. Down
ing; business manager. True Van Sickle;
trophy keeper, R. J. Coyne; sergeant at
arms, Owen Coy.
University of Pacific Officers.
GEYSERVILLE, May ; 2.— The Mayday
dance and entertainment given ¦¦ here lar.t
evening by. Edward" Walden of the. firm* cf
Walden & Co. was by far the most in
teresting affair that has ever taken place
in the • town. Five hundred pufists were
present and they • were treated :- royally.
Many came' from Santa Rosa. Heal.isburg.
Alexander Valley. Dry, Creek Valley and
Cloverdale. The whole cannery building
was -thrown ohen to receive . them. The
interior- was decorated in .blue and gold
bunting and natural greenerv. The'Gey
servIHe "brass band ¦ furnished v music . for
the dancers. -The 'grand march was, led by
Postmaster David -Winder and wife.- -
Geyserville's Merry Mayday.
"Prince- Ching told"-me only* two days
before I left Peking," said Minister:Con
ger, "that these people were literally eat
ing each other.,.' They have eaten every
blade of grass.every bit of bark—every
thing, in. fact, that can be eaten in that
province. .Nothing has been raised there
for two years, and unless relief is given,
many."; many thousands ' must' perish.'* v~
, Minister Conger will go ¦ East .Monday
to be gone about two week3
».« E.-H. CONGER.
DES MOINES, la.. May 2.— Minister
Conger to-day received messages from a
New York paper, asking his co-operation
In giving relief to . starving , millions of
Northern China.' His telegram in reply
was: , '. . ¦ ¦¦ ¦ . -:,- ij
The Christian Herald, New •Tork: : Tour
telegram received. The suffering of the fam
ine-stricken people in Shansi Is , indescribable.
.Your plan of relief. is the best. Put matter
In hands of Cons'ils at • Shanghai and Tientsin
and. heads of missions there. Chinese Govern
ment and people will be grateful, demands of
humanity will be answered- and future good
will result. I send by letter $100..- ."¦
Are Starving.
CONGER Alps RELIEF WORK.
Says Thousands of Shansi Chinese
The purpose of to-morrow's Joint session
of the Diet and House of Lords is to close
tho session by expressing Emperor Wil
liam's displeasure at the failure of the
canal bill In committee. The Lokal An
zeiger learns that the prorogation will be
accompanied by a strongly worded dec
laration of the Ministry. ...
LONDON, May 2.— A special dispatch
from Berlin Bays that, 'seeing the German
canal bill Is certain of rejection and that
the Prussian Diet will be closed to-mor
row, the Imperial Chancellor. ¦ Count von
Bulow, will form a new Ministry.
BERLIN, • May 2.-The' Chancellor,
Count von Bulow, reported personally to
Emperor . William yesterday and com
plained df the intentional delaying of the
canal bill by the majority in the Diet. The
Government thereupon gave up further
negotiations. The resignation of Dr. von
Miquel, the Finance Minister, is now con
sidered likely to be presented in the Im
mediate future. Emperor William and the
Prussian Cabinet adhere to their intention
to build the canal.
Defeat of William's Pet
Canal Bill Is Now
Assured.
DIET THWARTS
RAISER'S WILL
.CHICAGO, May 2.— The Tribune to
morrow will say: Chicago capitalists and
millions of Chicago money are to develop
the resources of Mexico until the southern
republic becomes one of the Important
factors in the world's trade. .Silver mines,
supplying two-thirds of the silver of the
world;' coal fields hundreds of miles In
extent; great reaches of Iron and other
ore lands; thousands of acres of cotton
and great grazing lands dotted with
cattle are to be made the objects of the
impulse of Chicago money.
As a first step in this direction John J.
Mitchell and Levl '£.. Leiter have been
elected to the directorate of the Mexican
Central- Railroad, i
Bonded warehouses, heretofore unknown
in the republic, are to be erected at the
City of Mexico and at Vera Cruz. Under
present methods the Mexican importer Is
compelled to pay duty on his goods the
moment they are landed. In the United
States imports may be stored until they
can most opportunely be realized on 'and
disposed of.
The concession unOer -which these great
warehouses will be erected grants the
rights for forty years. Into this enter
prise alone it is estimated that from $4.
000,000 to $5,000,600 <5f Chicago capital will
be placedL •
Plans have been formulated for develop
ing the great Mexican iron fields at Du
rango and the coal deposits at Coahuita.
Railroad facilities . are to be provided
where they are now lacking and a total
of $20,000,000 of money may represent the
expenditures before the wprk Is : com
pleted. •' .
Republic.
Chicago Money, to Be In
vested in Southern
WILL DEVELOP
MEXICO'S MINES
LOS' ANGELES, May 2.-Thomaa J.
Kirk, /State Superintendent of ;• Public In
struction, expressed himself surprised, to
hear of the action taken by, the Grand
Parlor of, Native Sons, which passed a'"
resolution "criticizing the State Board for
indorsing a school history which the Na
tive Sons think does not- deal fairly or his
torically with the bear flag episode in So
noma'County. Mr.; Kirk said to-day: '
.f'l am von my way ;back to San Fran-'
cisco, where, an important meeting of the
State Board wlll.be Held Monday to con
sider this ', very question— the selection of.
a United 1 States history. I gather from
the Santa Barbara resolution that the
Native Sons are under the impression that
an objectionable k history for. use in the
schools "of the State has already been se
lected'/ That is an error. The history
now. in use has been' a California textbook
fourteen years: ?•' V;
"The .history is not \ satisfactory and a
change is to be made. : At a meeting of the
State Board, April .13, a committee of
seven ¦. expert teachers in history was ap
pointed-to-examine the United^States his
tories-in the market, cand the committee
will report at next Monday's meeting. We
will a history, and contract for the
use of theplates of the copyright matter,
and.'ih- accordance with a constitutional
provlslorT'havo the -'book printed at the
State Printing Office."*,' : /
Special Dispatch to I The Call.
HISTORY WILL
HAVE NO ERROR
Superintendent T. J. Kirk
Speaks of New
P Text Book!
Aside from this island some of the best
naval authorities hold that the Gulf of
Caraico, on. the north coast of Venezuela,
offers by far the most advantageous site
for an American coaling, station if one is
to be located in that part of the world.
In view of the reported -German surveys
in that quarter the naval authorities here
are showing unusual interest in the points
available for American use. The State
Department never has been called upon
specifically to construe the Monroe doc
trine so far as it might relate to attempts
by. a European Government to secure a
coaling- station in the Gulf of Mexico or
the Caribbean * Sea.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— Although thb
matter never haa figured before the State
Department, the Navy Department has
been closely watching the happenings
near Margarite • Island, off the • coast, of
Venezuela, which has given rise to the
report that a German coaling station Is
to be established there. These facts have
been" reported to the department by some
of the naval officers who commanded ves
sels which have cruised In those waters
recently. Last year a German warship
spent ten weeks in looking Into the possi
bilities of Margarite Island, and this fact
led to an examination on our own ac
count, which developed the s presence In
this important strategic point of one of
the. finest" harbors in South America, the
possession of which would afford the
United States or any other nation with a
navy practical control of the Panama
canal from the eastern shore. -
Margarite Island Olosely
Watched by Navy
. Department. Z&
WOULD CONTROL
PANAMA CANAL
When he had concluded the "President
appeared on the balcony to show himself
to the waiting thousands outside. The
cadets below presented arms and the
square and the buildings surrounding it
fluttered with handkerchiefs and flags,
while the air was torn by the hoarse roar
of the shouts of the multitude. The Pres
ident made an impressive figure as he
stood there waiting for the cheering to
subside. He acknowledged the demon-
I rise only for the purpose of twaklnsr ac
knowledgment to the Louisiana Historical As
sociation for its cordial and generous welcome
to this historic place. It has been a (T9at
honor to be received here by the Governor- of
this great commonwealth, by the Chief Justice
and his associates of its highest court, by the
Mayor of the city, to this place, memorable
not only In American annals, but In the annals
of the world. I am glad to ¦ stand near by
where that great transaction took place which
transferred the Louisiana territory to the flay
of the stars, a transaction which changed the
map of the world and made this union what it
now is — the atronjreRt and the freest nation on
the face of the earth. . '
The reception to-day was held In the
room devoted to the use of the Supreme
Court of Louisiana and under the auspices
of the Louisiana Historical Society. The
President entered the chamber escorted
by the Supreme Court Justices, dressed
in their somber gowns, and they and the
President were seated on the bench under
a canopy of red plush. The chamber was
redolent with the fragrance of roses,
large banks of them being situated about
the room. There were 300 men and wom
en present to greet the President, and
most of them were members of old creole
families— the social aristocracy of Louisi
ana. President Foster, of the Historical
Society- delivered an eloquent address*,. In
which he proudly reviewed the history of
the State from its Infancy— sven from the
time when De Soto descended the mighty
Mississippi in guest of the El Dorado, and
from a later period, when La Salle plant
ed the banner of France and took pos
session in the King's name, christened the
great river St. Louis and gave to the
country the name of Louisiana. President
McKinley responded briefly, saying:
Hence the treaty of Paris was signed
just ninety-eight years ago last-Tuesday.
On November 30, 1803, the formal transfer
took place, theihistorlc event happening
in the Cabildo, wh«re President McKinley
was to-day received.
On October 1. 1800. Louisiana was retro
ceded by Charles IV of Spain to Napoleon
Bonaparte. Louisiana thus returned to
her French nativity and bo remained for
two years, but on April 30. 1803, the treaty
of Paris was signed, whereby the entire
province" of Louisiana was sold to the
United States for $12,000,000.
After a look into the interior of : the
cathedral, where the President reverently
uncovered his head, the party entered the
old Cabildo, an ancient structure standing
by the side of the cathedral. It was for
merly the home of monks and prelates of
the church, but was afterward converted
into a court building. Erected in 1772, it
hap stood ever since a solid and enduring
monument to the massiveness and stabil
ity of Spanish architecture. It passed
through all the trials and vicissitudes of
changing ownership: twice it was French,
onrfc Spanish, once Confederate and twice
it has been under the United States nom
ination, and four flags of as many differ
ent governments have flaunted from the
.iackstaff in Jackson square in front of it.
There the "governing council" held sway,
and there were tried and sentenced the
unfortunate victims of the La Freniere
insurrection, later to be, shot to death in
the Place d'Armes for Seeking to prevent
the secret transfer of Louisiana from
France, their mother country, to Spain, £
The Old Cabildo.
Calas, .'; "calas," "tout chaud," and sell
?hem to the children of the old French
quarter. 1 . The cathedral of St. Louis also
faces Jackson square. -This venerable edi
ifice was erected in 171S, and every stole
Is eloquenf.wlth historic lore. It saw the
'flag of : Spain jdisphtred by the Spanish,
and Its" bell was erladly rung to celebrate
ithe formal transfer of Louisiana to the
'United States. In 1S03. It was within this
ancient and ¦ sacred edifice that General
Jackson knelt in prayer to thank God for
his triumph over the British arms in 1814.
and what the hand of the decorator can
do to further beautify them will be done.
In adjoining parlors there will be another
reception by the" Daughters of the Revo
lution, but tho two affairs will harmonize,
and before the afternoon is well over the
two receptions probably will have become
one. . »
On the same afternoon there Is set re
ceptions for the Loyal Legion and the
Mexican Veterans, but it may be found
better to merge them in the grand recep
tion to be- given in the evening by the
Grand Army. "v '
The Subscriptions.
The executive council of finance ac-'
knowledges the receipt of the following
subscriptions up to 12 m. yesterday:
United States Mint. $432; Risdon Irbn "Works.
J100; Western Meat Company, $100: Pacific Mu
tual Life Insurance Company, $100; John A.
Benson. $50; W. W. Hontajrue, $50; J. J. Havi
elde, $J0; Columbus Savings and Loan Society,
$25; Gundlach-Bundschu Wine Company, $25;
J. C. Johnson & Co., $25; H. M. Newhall &
Co., $25: Sanborn, Vail &, Co.. $25: Dennett's
Surpassing Coffee Parlors. $25; United States
Fidelity and Guarantee Company. $25; Ship
ping Commissioners, $35. Total, $1092. ."
OAKLAND RAISES
< ' RECEPTION FUND
Ample Cash, on Hand to
Make Visit of President
MeKinley Agreeable
OAKLAND, t May 2.— Chairman John
Mitchell of the finance committee reports
that the merchants and individuals gener
ally . are subscribing to the fund with
much enthusiasm. They expect to make
the reception a notable event.
Oakland Hospltium No. 2, Bohemians of
America, has chartered the steamer
Queen of the-. Yukon for the marine pa
rade when the battleship Ohio is launched.
Mr. Mitchell has issued the following
circular: r
Dear Sir: As the President of our United
States, Hon. 'William McKinley, is soon to visit
our coast,. Oakland, with other cities here, has
extended an earnest and cordial invitation for
the President and party to visit our city, and
it is hoped, and, in fact, we "must," give him
a royal, earnest and hearty welcome.
This will afford an opportunity, rarely en
joyed.: tor us all, ' and more especially for. the
school children, to see , the President of the
United States, {one who holds the highest ex
ecutive office, within the gift of the American
people, and- It will .be an event and epoch in
their lives they will never forget.
After a careful estimate the committee finds
that it will require from $3000 to $3500 for the
neces«ary expenditure, etc.
Feeling: that you are in sympathy and full
accord with this movement, and hoping that
you will contribute as much as you conve-i
nlently can to the fund, the undersigned or
their authorized representative will in a few
days call on you for your subscription. Very
respectfully yours, JOHN MITCHELIi,
Chairman of Finance Committee.
- The finance committee is composed of
John Mitchell, W. G. Henshaw, Sol Kahn,
R; M. Briare. Theo Gier,- A. H> Breed.
Charles R. Yates. George W. Fisher and
George E. de Golia.
COMMITTEES ARE
READY TO REPORT
Berkleyans Promise I_,ib-
eral Donations Toward
- iFund for the .Reception
BERKELEY, May '2.— The Berkeley
citizens' committees which have been col
lecting f uiids for : the President's recep
tion will "be ready to report this week.
They will turn the f undB over to a gen
eral committee In charge of order and
finance. All have been working* Indus
triously and a large sum is promised.
Each ward in town has its finance com
mittee^ presided over by the v following
chairmen: First Ward, Captain "W. H
Marston; Second Ward, J. W. -Richards;
Third Ward,»E. Q.' Turner; Fourth Ward
Harry Cripps; Fifth Ward, R. C. Staats;
Sixth Ward, Thomas Dowd; Seventh
Ward, G. H. Phillies.
The First Ward proposes to raise $400
and the others will probably average
nearly that amount. Frank M. Wilson is
chairman of the general committee.
Elaborate preparations are under way
for President McKir.ley's visit to the uni
versity on May 15. The .President will
come from San Francisco across the bay
in a revenue cutter, go to Berkeley by
special train and proceed with an escort
of cavalry to the university athletic field,
where, before an audience of at least 8000
people he will deliver, the annual com
mencement oration. Diplomas will be pre
sented by the president of the university
to 256 graduates of the colleges at Berke
ley and 150 graduates of the professional
departments.- Four students will speak
FEVER CLAIMS
MANY VICTIMS
IT Is estimated that on the 18th of
this month, when the battleship
Ohio Is launched from the Union
Iron Works In the presence of Presi
dent McKinley and the members of
his Cabinet, that possibly 50,000 peo
ple will witness from the shore the
Initial plunge into the briny of the latest
addition to the country's naval strength.
The Market Street Railway Company is
now wrestling with the problem of how to
handle the vast crowds that will journey
to the Potrero. In the course of a few
days General Manager Vlnlng will Issue. a
special circular showing the facilities that
the transportation company will have to
offer to the public on the day of the
Ohio's launching. ;"• ¦ ;
The Union Iron Works are situated
about three miles from the ferry building
In a direct southerly line. Jw.ffi
roafis run to the Potrero, where the iron
works are situated. One Is known as the
"Kentucky-street" line and the other as
the "Sixteenth-street" line. The Ken
tuckv-street" line runs from the Third
and "Townsend street depot, across tne
drawbridge at Channel street and so on to
the Potrero. The "Sixteenth-street" line
runs from Fillmore and Bay streets, along
Flllmore street to Sixteenth and along the
latter street to. the Potrero. ¦
Although only two .lines run Into the
Potrero, It will be an easy matter for resi
dents in all parts of the city to reach the
Union Iron Works on the day the Ohio is
launched.
"Ways to the Launching.
All persons living in the Western Addi
tion will have to take either the Fillmore
street line or come downtown to Kearny
street and continue by the Kearny-street
road to the Iron works direct. Those liv
ing west of Fillmore street will take the
Fillmore-street line to the iron^ works,
¦while those who reside east of Fillmore
will take the downtown lines to Kearny
street and proceed by the Kearny-street
line to the Potrero, or by the Fillmore
rtreet line if It is nearer to their resi
dence. *•
Residents In the Mission district, south
of Sixteenth Btreet, will take the lines
crossing Sixteenth street and proceed by
that line to the scene of the" launching.
Mission residents, north of the Sixteenth
street line, can either take the Sixteenth
street line or the Third and Kentrky line,
whichever may be convenient to them.
It will only be possible for the Market
Street Railway Company to run a certain
number of cars over the portion of the
road in the vicinity of the Potrero, other
wise the cars would be "stalled" on ac
count of the lack of power on that section
cf the line. The question of what lines
will run direct to the launching and points
of transfer will be announced in a few
days b»' General Manager Vining.
The new double-ended cars of the road
vrlll accommodate 150 persons each and
with a rapid "headway" and a few hours'
of travel the Market Street Company ex
pects to take care of all comers.
The management of the Union Iron
Works warns the public that only holders
of special Invitation cards will be ad
mitted to the place on the day of the
launching. A large force of men will be
on duty at the gates to keep all but In
vited guests out of the works. : - .
The hills and roads in the vicinity of the
iron works will afford ample room for
many thousands to see the warship glide
Into the bay. Grandstands are now being
erected close to the ways and others will
be built In the course of a few days. Many
of the choice locations on Kentucky
street, from where the launching can be
witnessed, are at present rendered useless
by the unsightly billboards of a firm of
billposters. II these eyesores were re
moved thousands of persons could witness
the launching with little difficulty.
Entertaining Ohioana.
A committee representing- the commer
cial organizations of this city held a meet
ing in the rooms cf the Manufacturers'
and Froducers' Association yesterday and
discussed plans for fittingly entertaining
the Ohio Congressional delegation during
its visit to San Francisco. J. P. Currier,
vice president of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, is chairman of the
committee, which is composed of the fol
io-wing well-known business men: Charles
Bundschu, representing- the Merchants'
Association; William M. Bunker, repre
senting the Chamber of Commerce; A.
GerberdlnR, representing the Produce Ex
change; T. J. Parsons, representing the
San Francisco Board of (Trade, and B.- N.
Rowley, representing the State Board of
Trade. It was the initial meeting of the
committee and no final action on any
plans was taken. Congressman Julius
Kahn was present and participated In the
discussion. It was decided to ask every
member of the California delegation to
co-operate with the committee in showing
proper attention to the distinguished vis
itors.
Elaborate plans are under way in the
California 5oeiety of Sons of the Ameri
can Resolution for the fitting reception of
President McKinley on the afternoon of
Thursday. May 16. The reception will be
held In the parlors of the Palace Hotel,
CALL 'BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N;
"W.. WASHINGTON. Slay 2.— Surgeon
General Wyman of the" marine hospital
service has sent special telegraphic In
structions to the marine hospital quaran
tine officers In El Paso, Eagle. Pass and
Laredo. Texas, calling attention to the
prevalence of typhus fever Jn.the City of
Mexico and directing- them to do all in
their power to prevent thfi bringing of the
disease into tha United States.
Official reports received by the marine
hospital service 6how that typhus fever
has been Increasing in the City of Mexico
with alarming: rapidity. The announce
ment published in the public health re
ports lor March 15 showed one death from
this disease. Since then each week has
shown an Increase, until the report pub
lished yesterday showed forty-three
deaths for the week. It is In view of this
condition that Surgeon General . Wyman
has directed that special precautions be
taken. '¦
Quarantine' regulations have already
been In force against- Mexico to prevent
the bringing in cf small dox, yellow fever
and other diseases. . and no action was
necessary on part of the surgeon ge'neral
but to call special .attention to the preva
lence of typhus fever in-the City of Mex
ico, so that passeng-ers from that city
could be eocamined with especial reference
to this disease. ' rr .'
Inspection at all these places has been
very thorough. . baggage has been disin
fected and some persons have been de
tained. Thus far no case of an Infectious
disease has been reported on this side of
the boundary.
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
Epidemic in r the City of
Mexico Spreading
Rapidly. U • t \
Company Preparing a Schedule by
Which It Can Run Through Cars
From All Portions of the City
RAILWAYS GETTING READY TO HANDLE EXPEDITIOUSLY VAST
CROWDS ON THE DAY OF THE LAUNCHING OF THE OHIO
have been Ignored or disregarded. It had
a hard fight before it could secure the
necessary money to build the new dock
now under construction, and even this was
cut down from enough to build a stone
dock to sufficient to build one of wood
only. It was declared there were better
places than the island to build the docs
until the wisdom of its location as a naval
station was vindicated by the award ol
the dock to Mare Island.
In view of all these facts It is more im
portant that the President should see the
greatest naval station in the West than
that he shake the hands of prominent citi
zens, or that he do a great many thins*
the committee haa laid out for him to dov
And if the committee can see no way to
tear a hole in the programme large
enough to slip in the navy yard trip it
could be taken from the passage from this
city to Stockton. The train t9 scheduled
to reach Stockton via Niles, tut there
seems to be no particular strings pulling
it that way and no particular preparation
to receive it. Besides, the railroad offi
cials would sooner run - the train from
here to Stockton via Martinez, as there
are no stiff grades on that route, and the
rails are heavier and better for such a
heavy train as h that of the President.
If the Martinet route be taken it will
bring the President past Vallejo Junction,
where a stop of two hours would enable
him to cross the straits and Bee as much
of the yard as there is to be seen In a
casual glance. But In these two hours
he will have ample time to mark the loca
tion of the island and the immense
amount of work that has been done to
make it fit to hold the rank it has won—
the most effective navy yard in the coun
try, and The one which turns out the best
and neatest work.
The President should not miss seeeingr
the navy yard at Mare Island.
slstant, and the parlor will act «s a com
mittee of the whole in their support.
The ladles have secured a diagram of
the train and their plans will all be pre
pared in advance so that they will know
where every bud and blossom Is to be
placed.
They have also the color scheme of tho
interior furnishings of the cars and will
adapt their floral colors so as to har
monize.
Santa Cruz will have reason to be
proud of her daughters ard their work
on that day and every srarden and bush
will be at their command to pluck the
finest. Thoughtful citizens will supervise
their flower gardens so a» to . secure
plenty of fresh blooms for picking two
weeks from to-day.
PORTLAND WILL
HAVE A HOLIDAY
Business in Town Will
Be Suspended During
Stay of Chief Magistrate
PORTLAND,. May 2.— At a recent meet
ing of the executive committee appointed
to take charge of the arrangements for
the reception and entertainment of Presi
dent McKinley and party next month th«
finance committee was directed to raise
$5000. It Is not believed that the expenses
of the reception and entertainment can be
met with a smaller sum. This fund will
cover everything — carriages, . parade,
badges, decorations, hotel accommoda
tions and the expenses of a committee to
mtet the Presidential party at the State
line. It will also cover the erection of
seats or benches on the park blocks for
thfc accommodation of the public school
children, who to the number of 14,000 will
have the honor of reviewing the Presi
dential party parade.
It was decided to request the people of
Portland to observe the afternoon of May
22 as a holiday and make suitable ac
knowledgment of the honor of a visit
from the chief magistrate of the nation by
decoratings their houses and raising the
stars and stripes.
Ii was not deemed advisable to make
further effort by wire to induce the Presi
dent to prolong his stay or make the Co
lumbia River trip, but instead j Mayor
Rowe was authorized to appoint a com
mittee to meet • the President at San
Francisco and lay the matter before him
there. It is believed that the trip to the
mouth of the Columbia River can yet be
given, when once the President is gtven
to understand that It can be made without
loss of time or a break In the Itinerary.
The sub-committees appointed up to
dote, which are already at work upon the
portions of the programme assigned them,
are constituted as follows:
Finance— Arthur H. Devers (chairman),
J. Thorburn Ross, C. A. Whitemore, C.
E. Rumelin and D. M. Dunne.
Parade — General C. F. Beebe (chairman).
Colonel James Jackson, Edward Everett.
D. • J. Moore. Frederick V. Holman.
Relating to school -children Irr thn pa
rade— H. C. Breeden (chairman), R. D. In
man and James P. Shaw.
Decorations and illuminations— John H.
Hall, H. M. Cake and Edward Lyons.
Carriages and transportation— H»nry
Hahn, W. A. Mears and D. D. OUphant.
Trip to Mare Island, One of the
Most Important That Could Be
Offered McKinley, Overlooked
train with flowers during the time the
train Is sidetracked here, waiting for the
excursionists to visit the cliff and Big
Trees. ¦ . .
They will barely have two hours for the
work, but those who know the possibili
ties of the parlor in the line of decora
tion and also the profusion of Santa Cruz
flowers will have no fear for the result.
The probabilities are that the moat fa
vorable and permanent Impression pro
duced by Santa Cruz will be by the
Daughters* work In trimming the Presi
dential train. :
Mrs: Harry C Cooper is to be chief dec
orator, with Miss Pioda as her first as-
Town Agree to'Trans
form Cars Into Gardens
SANTA CRUZ. May 2.— The Native
Daughters of Santa Cruz have undertak
en the task Of decorating the Presidential
Native Daughters of That
SANTA CRUZ WILL
; DECORATE TRAIN
AUSTIN, Texas, May 2.— Austin's recep
tion to President McKinley and party will
be an elaborate affair. The city is liter
ally .wrapped with American flags to
night. The decorations are numerous nnd
visitors are already arriving. The rail
roads announce to-night that they will
have difficulty in handling the crowds.
Austin being the northernmost point
touched by the President on his trip
through ¦ the . State, it Is believed that
thousands of people will be here from Dal
las, Fort Worth and other North Texas
points.
Governor Bayers left to-day for Houston
to meet the President. The local commit
tee has fifty carriages to escort the party
to and from the Capitol and on their drive
around the city and fifteen military com
panies have been assembled here to lend
pomp to the occasion.
The main street has been spanned with
arches, which will be brilliantly Illumin
ated, in addition to the other plectrical
displays. •
Town Wrapped in Bunt
ing and Is Preparing
for Great Demonstration
AUSTIN GAY WITH
FLUTTERING FLAGS
stration with a bow, right and left, and
spoke as follows:
Word for the Boys.
My fellow citizens: I have great honor !n
standing on this historic ground to receive the
greetings of my countrymen and to recall ths
fact that here nearly a hundred years ago a
great scene was enacted that indicated a
larger area than \he original thirteen States
to liberty and union forever.
The Presidential party then returned to
the hotel for luncheon. After a brief rest
the party was taken for a boat ride on the
Mississippi. Mrs. McKinley accompanied
the President. Returning to the hotel at
5:39. the party soon afterward' resumed
their trip westward.
Scenes similar to their reception of yes
terday marked the journey to the railway
station, and the train steamed away from
New Orleans accompanied by salvos of
artillery, the ringing of bells and the
cheers of a. vast throng of people.
IN all the round of sightseeing- pro
vided for \ the entertainment of the
President the navy yard at Mare
-Island seems to have been passed
unnoticed. More than once the peo
ple of Vallejo have tried to bring the
matter to the attention of the com
mittee In charge of the week at San Fran
cisco, and each time their efforts have
conic to nothing. For one reason or-an
other the triD has been kept out of the
programme.
Senator J. J. Luchstnger of Vallejo has
written to The Cull calling attention to
the efforts of the people of Vallejo ~ar.il
suggesting that the trip to the yard be
made part of a trip around the bay, a
feature Included In the original-plan, but
later practically abandoned. . The trip
around the bay was held for Thursday
morning in the "event that the weather
should spoil the view from the top of
Tamalpals, but It was never intended that
it should extend to Vallejo.
In his letter Senator Luchsinger says
that the people of Vallejo stand ready fo
render any assistance in their power, and
he declares the visit could be made One
of the most pleasant of the President's
trip.
The navy yard at Mare Island 13 one of
the largest and best equipped naval sta
tions In the country- It Is growing in im
portance as the importance of the Pacific
as a naval station grows, and it is a sight
that would more than merely entertain
th<> executive. In addition tt is a station
that has had to fight for every appropri
ation, great or small, that it asked for,
and its peculiar needs, due to its location,
Rebels Defeat Shereeflan Army.
LONDON, May 3.— A dlspttch from Tan
gier, Morocco,- says the Shereeflan army
was recently defeated by rebels In the
Suez district and took refuge In Timlnet-
THE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 3, 1901.
2
I Every scarf manufacturer, has been vying with the oth-
1 ers in getting out something novel in neckties. Here is one
I manufacturer's idea: It is a Windsor, in ready-made bows
I and scarfs, made of the best quality English twilled silk in
1 colors of navy, cardinaland black; the patterns, are dots
and various figures; these are four bit ties in every respect,
but to introduce them we sell them at
25c each
. They are particularly good ties to wear with the high
I turn-down collars, as they are easily adjusted or tied, as the
case may be.
Cul-of-iown order* filled— write us. , .
718 Market, Street. - !
i i ii nmrmiiKwi in 1 1 1 !¦» m— » nawiMiwi iiumimi i^" nSteel Rail Mill Closes.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, May 2.— One
hundred and llf ty men were discharged
at the -steel rail department of the Na
tional Steel Company plant to-day. It is
stated that the steel rail mill now In this
city will be discontinued and removed to
Chicago, to be added to the steel rail de
partment Of the Illinois Steel Company
The plant is now under the control of the
United States Steel Corporation.
Will Buy Carload Lots.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., May 2.— Every retail |
grocer in the city to-day .entered a com
bination to discontinue the . practice . of
buying in small " lots and henceforth the
organization will do all the buying from
the jobbers >in carload consignments or
more. Large sums of money- are expected
to bo netted' to the retailers as a result'of i
the new plan. . ¦ - ¦ > I
i — . ¦
Ministers Abandon Their Fight .
BUFFALO.May 2.— So far as the Buf
falo churches that were represented by
the committee appointed some time ago,
with the Rev. O. P. Gifford of theDela-'.
ware-avenue Baptist Church at its head, •
are concerned, no. further action will be I
taken looking ¦ toward the closing ' o¥ the '
Pan-American exposition on Sundays. . I
CARDINAL MARTINELLI
TAKES OATH OF OFFICE
V/ill Maintain Right of the Sovereign
Pontiff to Exercise Temporal
Power. ¦ - ¦ ¦
WASHINGTON, May 2.— Cardinal Mar
tlnelli took the oath of his new office and
subscribed to the profession of faith at
the Paual Legation to-day. The oath was
administered by Mgr. Conaty of the Cath
olic University and witnessed by Mgr.
Marchettl, the papal delegate. The cere
mony was private and was extremely
simple. Among the provisions of the oath
are. pledges -on the part of the Cardinal
that he will not resign office; that he will
not canvass for any one in the election 'of
a new- Pope, and that he will maintain
the rieht of the Sovereign Pontiff to ex
ercise temporal power. . .The* profession of
faith embodies the Athanasian and Nicene
creeds. Both documents . were in Latin,
and will be preserved among the church
archives. , ' ¦'.-'.-. ¦•.>-'.. :t? '
General Freight Agents Coming.
LOS ANGELES, May 2.— The Western
Classification Committee, comprising
about twenty-five general freight agents
of the leading "Western. roads/ Is due here
to-morrow evening and will visit San Di
ego Saturday. Monday morning they will
leave Los Angeles for the north and will
begin their annual conference at Del
Monto Tuesday.
Schooner Stella Is Missing.
SAN JOSE, May 2.— Two weeks ago the
schooner Stella, Ed Selfridge commander,
left Alviso with a deckload of clams
bound for San Francisco, since which
time nothing has been heard of boat or
man. It Is feared that the Stella went
down during a ttorm on the bay.
Prominent Rio Vista Man Dies.
RIQ, VISTA, May 2.-Martin Christen
sen, a prominent citizen of this place, died
early this morning. He was a native . of
Denmark and C2 years old. He came to
California in 1S71 and to Rio Vista eight
years later. He was the first president of
the Board of Trustees.
-'.: i Sheriff Closes Their Store.
CAYUCOS, May 2.— The general mer
chandise store of De Gottardi & Rlghetti
was closed by Sheriff Ivlns this morning
on an attachment issued by the Commer
cial Bank of San Luis Oblspo for $3500.
This is, the firm from whose safe, it! is
claimed, over $8600 was stolen by burglars
last Tuesday night ¦
Pays a Fortune for a Seat.
NEW TORK. May 2.— The sale of a seat
is recorded en the New York Stock Ex
change for $70,000.% The previous highest
authentic record was $66,000 for a seat. '
D. 0. Mills Considerably Bruised
About the Head in the Wreck
EXCURSION TRAIN RAN
: INTO PASSENGER TRAIN
at Emigrant Gap.
OGDEN, Utah, May 2.— The second sec
tion of No. 6 of the Southern Pacific,
which- was wrecked at Emigrant Gap'
Cal., reached Ogden to-day. D. O. Mills
and "Whitelaw Reid were on the train but
declined to be interviewed. -
According to the passengers the train
struck a rock and was pulling away from
the obstruction when the excursion train
crashed into it from the rear. Mills' nri
vate car, which/ was on the rear of the
train, was demolished, as were also the
engine and one car of the excursion train
t, ? W , as », cu^ In r> *.¥ hand and bruised
about the head. Reid escaped Injury. The
injured passengers were brought here and
attended to by the company's physician i
None of them are seriously hurt and all
proceeded on their way east. Superintend
ent Noble says the list previously pub
lished la correct.. . .
JSaloons "Will Remain Open.
KANSAS CITY, « May 2.— The Police
Commissioners have refused the request
of the special committee of the Law and
Order Enforcement League to close the
saloons on Sunday. The league has called
& mass-meeting for to-morrow night to
take the first Eteps toward p^tTtioninx
Governor Dockery to remove those of
ficials.
IXOFZS A SECOND TIME
AND TAKES HEB CHILD
Young Woman Whose First Marriage
Was a Romantic One Bepeats
the Performance.
SANTA CLARA, May 2.— Mrs. Joseph
Furtardo eloped Tuesday evening with
Manuel Souza of Oakland, takins her
three-year-old son with her.
Mrs. Furtardo is but 19 years of age,
end the elopement is her second venture
in that line. Four years ago, when a mere
child, she doped with the husband she
hae Jirst deserted. They were married un
der romantic circumstances on the ocean,
twenty-eight mile? out of Monterey Bay.
Furtardo, returning home Tuesday and
finding his wife had left him, sold all the
household furniture and started for Oak
land in pursuit of the runaway couple.
Souza was engaged to a young lady of
this place, but the charms of Mrs. Fur
tardo proved more alluring.
Mood v. the Dead Man's Name.
REDWOOD CITY, May 2.— The mystery
eurrounding the death of the old man
¦who dJed at Tanforan on April 23 has been
cleared up and the body identified and
taken charge of by relatives In San Fran
cisco. The man's name was William
Moody and he was an old-time resident
anfl once prominent business man of that
At the time he dropped dead he was
dressed quite shabbily, but had on his per
eon about $350 in cash. Since the identity
of the man has been determined It has
boen learned that he was in the habit of
taki-g other people's money to the track
and betting it for them. This accounts
for the money found on him at the time.
He was at one time a wealthy wool mer
rhant.
Eailroed Victim Was a Soldier.
LOS ANGELES, May 2.— The dead man
vhope remains were found yesterday on
the Southern Pacific tracks in Kast Los
Ang-eJes has been identified as Allan
Stark, a soldier recently returned from.
Manila. Last Tuesday Stark called on E.
J. Dodson of Elnionte. in company with a
negro and another white man. The three
•wen* in a bu;?gy and drove away together,
which is the last trace of Stark alive.
Nothing has been learned of his com
panions.
'• •
Democratic Ticket in Fresno.
FRESNO. May 2.— The City Democratic
Convention placed in nomination this aft
ernoon for the election on June 4 L. O.
E'.cphens (School Director) for Mayor
James J. Johnson (incumbent) for City
Clerk and H. M. Johnston CFree Library
Trustee) for Police Judge.
Tacoma Machinists on Strike.
TACOMA. Wash.. May 2.— Machinists In
Tacoma went on strike to-day for a nine
hour day. One hundred and fifty men are
out in the institutions aloni? the water
front. The men in the Northern Pa
cific's sboj» ore not affected.
\w sJ ORT SCOTT. Kans.. May 2.— If C.
i f . F. (Mil of this city, who is now In
|^ the San Jose Jail on the suspicion
!L that he Is James Dunham, the
murderer of the McGlincy family,
proves that he Is not the man wanted he
may cause the officers who arrested him
In Wichita a great deal of trouble. There
seems no doubt that he was forcibly kid
naped and taken to California against bis
Irishes. ~^-
The arrest of Crill vris one of the most
peculiar nieces of detective work done In
this State. Crlll, for the last thirty days
prior to April 28, had been stopping at the
Topeka Avenue Hotel in Wichita, but
made short trips to neighboring cities to
establish magazine dubs.
About a week after Crill arrived a man
¦who registered as E. F. Greiner appeared
at the same hotel. He claimed to be a
land agent from Illinois. He seemed to
take a great liking for Crill. and. it is
said, lent him money several times. Al
though Greiner claimed to be a' real estate
man It was known to the Wichita police
that he had formerly been Chief of Po
lice in Burlington. Iowa. He said he was
familiar with many crooks and was al
lowed to look over the papers <n police
headquarters to see if he recognized any
of the descriptions of men who were
wanted.
Plies Crill With. Whisky.
Last Wednesday Greiner and Crill vis
ited several saloons and Crill was sup
plied with whisky until he was helpless.
Greiner insisted on taking him to the ho
tel but instead of putting Crill. Into his
own room the Intoxicated man was lodged
in Greiner's room.
Greiner. after putting Crill to bed. went
down and got more whisky. At 4:30 the
following morning L. H. Holt, who roomed
with Greiner. was awakened by i a sharp
roise and saw Crill sitting on the bed with
a set of handcuffs on his wrists and
Greiner and a strange man that he nad
never seen before standing in front of
him. The stranger had on blue clothing
snd seemed to be an officer of some kind.
He had a revolver in h!s hand and had
Crill covered with it. They made Crill
Ftar.d up and Greiner searched him and
examined him. noting a scar on his fore
head under the hair and one on his neck
and a large gold filling in one of his back
te«=-th. Greiner said:
"This is your man. If he is not John
Dunham then I don't know him."
Taken Away in a Carriage.
The man was then taken downstairs
bv the two officers and that was the last
Holt saw cf Crill. The officers and their
prisoner, after leaving the hotel, went to
a livery stable, engaged a double carriage
and drove to Newton, thirty miles distant.
The driver savs the officers talked but lit
•tie during the drive and that the prisoner
elept most of the way. Greiner returned
to Wichita on Friday, but staved only
leng enough to leave orders to have his
and Crill's mail forwarded to San Jose.
So secret was the arrest that neither
pre« nor police knew of it until v^rlll had
been landed in the California Jail. Crill's
wife is still in a very .serious condition
CHILD STRICKEN
DEAF AND DUMB
Paralysis Attacks Ten-
Year-Old Girl at
Redding.
REDDING, May 2.— While standing be
fore a drainboard, engaged in wiping
dishes and apparently as happy as most
10->ear-old girls generally are, little
Esther Rollins was suddenly stricken
deaf, dumb and motionless this morning.
The '<=hock of paralysis came in an instant
and the child gazed vacantly at the com
panions with whom she had been corners
lag g^yly a few seconds before. There
was r.o" movement of the body.
The children who were with Esther were
preatly frightened and created consterna
tion in the household of Mr. and Mrs.
James Rollins, the parents of the girl,
vl-.o live in West Redding. Dn S. T.
White was quickly summoned. The girl
was carried like a log to her bed and the
physician did his best for her. It Is be
lieved that she will survive the shock and
that the paralysis is but temporary. The
physician says the stroke was caused by
a hemorrhage in the brain, probably the
result of an injury to the skull. It Is
thought possible that a blow from a stone
!n the hands of a boy when the girl was
much younger may have been the cause
cf the stroke.
told to-day by a Call representative that
Mrs. Crill at Fort Scott, Kans., had given
birth, to a child he called .the reporter
aside and asked particulars and said his
mind had been relieved of a great burden,
but when confronted with the report that
he was a bigamist Crill became enraged.
He would neither deny the charge nor an
swer any question, but threatened both
bodily injury and prosecution to | those
making such a charge.* ¦ Later he asked
that nothing be said about it.
If Crill was regularly divorced there
could be no reason .for these actions, and
this has led to the belief that he has led
a dual life. Crill has been tendered all
klnds.of positions as soon as he is allowed
to go, for many realize his power as a
drawing card. One saloonkeeper has of
fered him $150 to tend bar for a week.
DENTES SHE IS DIVORCED.
Mrs. Dora Crill Says That Her Hus-
band Deserted Her - About
Seven Years Ago.
DENVER, Colo., May 2.— Mrs. Dora
Crlll, the wife of the Dunham suspect un
der arrest at San Jose. Is most emphatic
in her denial that she is divorced from
Crill. She says that they have been sep
arated since 1894 and that for a Inns: time
she lost trace of her husband. She claims
that Crill could not have very well se
cured a divorce from her without serving
her with a copy of the complaint and
summons. No summons or complaint
were ever served on her nor to her knowl
edge was there any attempt made at ser
vice by publication. Mrs. Crill, whose
maiden name was Dora Schreiber, Is liv
ing at Cripple Creek. She is very uncom
municative and declines to state lust what
steps she intends taking, now that she has
learned the whereabouts of her husband.
PUEBLO RECOBD STRAIGHT.
Crill's Former Father-in-Law • Tells
About the Suspect.
SAN JOSE, May 2— A special to the
Mercury from the Pueblo (Colo.) Chieftain
says: ?
"Crlll was married here in Oetober, 1SS7.
We cannot get the exact date to-night.
M. Schrieber, father-in-law of Crill, says
Crlll lived in Pueblo and the surrounding
cities six or seven years after his mar
riage. He was a man at fine business
ability, but drank to excess. He was
mixed up in several shady deals while
intoxicated and he was kept out of jail
by his father-in-law putting up mdney.
The couple separated about seven years
after the marriage, but the father-in-law
Bays Crill was in Pueblo in 1S96 at the
time of the murder." *
NO BECOBD OP DIVORCE.
Salt Lake Inquiry Does WTot Bear Out
Crill's Statements.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. May 2.— No
divorce case of persons named Crlll has
been In the divorce courts of Salt Lake
County for the last ten years.
GOLD SEEKERS
LOST IN ALASKA
Terrible Experience , of
Prospectors in Arc
tic Wilds.
i ' ' '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Wash., May 2.— Fred Zoell
ner or San Diego was one of a' party of
prospectors lost for twenty-three days
and suffered terribly in the wilds of
Alaska. According to a letter received
In this city by W. E. Hadley he was
frozen badly and may not recover.
Hadley Is a member of the Bear Min
ing Company, which is a corporation of
Seattle and San Diego men. ..The com
pany had a number of representatives at
Teller at the close of last season, and of
these a party started in "December to
cross the Arctic coast. They had rein
£f,f£r, and were wel1 supplied with pro- i
w* ns and cam P equipages.
After they had been gone about six
w?t e h k9 th reindeer driver Iho hid sfarSd
with them returned to Teller, bringing
iolt foTTw^t the P^ty had been
lost ror twenty-three days and that
«,?rv« ner as bad i,y f rozen and n^ght not
survive. Lpon the receipt of -this news
Wyatt made a trip from Teller to Nome
£° r the purpose of writing a letter to
Hadley relating the circumstances. This
letter reached Hadley yesterday and
bears the date of January 25.
TACOMA, May 2.— Tb/ Tacoma Smelt
ing Company has purchased of the Sather
Banking Company of San Francisco, late
ly disincorporated, the valuable twenty
five acres formerly known as the Pacific
Mills Company's property, adjoining the
smelter property, for $22,500. The adjacent
tide lands have been bought, giving a fine
additional water front of 1200 feet. Upon
this new property an extensive copper
plant and lead refinery will be built.
Plans for buildings are being drawn.
The new plant will enable the smelter
to turn out ore bars, carrying gold and
silver ready for the assay office or mint,
whereas the present product is copper
matte carrying- 50 to 60 per cent copper,
which has to be sent to San Francisco
or Montana for refining. The capacity of
the smelter will be increased from 400 to
700 tons of ore dally. It Is now handling
300 tons a day and will smelt 400 a day
as soon as a blower for the fourth blast
furnace arrives. The present force of 300
men win be doubled.
The total cost of the new plant, includ
ing the site and wharves, will be nearly
$500,000. The smelter is controlled by D. O.
Mills and other large stockholders in the
Treadwell, Bunker Hill and Sullivan
mines.
Tacoma Smelting Com
pany Begins a Big
Project.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
here and knows nothing of her husband's
arrest.
CBJUL EXPECTS KEU&ASE.
Speculators Now Want Him for a
Saloon Drawing Card.
SAN JOS^ May 2.— Charles F. Crill will
be given his freed om in a few days. While
the Sheriff's office Is reluctant to admit
that the man is not Dunham, this fact has
been pretty conclusively proven. The
public is satisfied he is not the murderer,
but believe he Is wanted somewhere else
for an offense— probably bigamy.
A stream of people poured into the Jail
again to-day and only about a corporal's
guard of these hundreds were bold enough
to assert that the suspect was Dunham.
Then these few were not positive and
those who thought he resembled the
Campbell murderer would hesitate about
going v on the witness stand to swear it.
The others declared he was not Dunham.
Most of Crill's story as to his where
abouts is being substantiated. People
who knew his uncle at Flagg Station, Ill
have questioned him and state he tells :
straight story. Former residents c
Rockford, 111., and Pueblo are of the same
opinion. There Is no doubt Crill mar
ried Dora Schreiber at Pueblo in 1887.
Father Leggio has established this fact,
and to C. H. Shumate, who conducted a
grocery store there, Crill related incidents
that happened there In 1S94 that only one
who was there could tell.
Crill Is still detained at the County Jail,
but this detention will be short. He" said
to-day he had no doubt but they would
release him. , Those who have critically
examined Crill, among whom, are scores
who knew Dunham by sight, are con
vinced he is a victim of his own re
semblance to the fugitive. While a pris
oner in name, Crill is given freedom inside
the jail and no one interferes with him
going from room to room.
Sheriff Langford is not yet satisfied with
the proof that Crill is not Dunham and
will hold him a few days longer in the
hops that some one may turn up who can
account for Crill's whereabouts in May,
18S6. This is done on advice of District
Attorney Campbell. B. F. Greiner, who
caused the arrest of Crill, still cherishes
a hope that the suspect is Dunham. To
him it is a matter of dollars and cents.
Greiner will be out about $250. When
Crill is turned loose he will be given
money for his expenses and trip back to
Kansas. The grold for this is now in the
hands of Sheriff Langford and was placed
there in the shape of five twenties before
that official would bring Crill here for
identification.
There is little doubt Crlll Is wanted
somewhere, else. Hie refusal to talk of
his marriages infers it is bigamy. His
memory is bad, or else he does not want
to remember. Last night Crill declared
he obtained a divorce trom his first wife,
a Miss DoTa Schreiber, whom he married
in 1S97 end. a few months later he mar
ried again. He refuses to give the
grounds on which a divorce was. obtained
or the exact date. He separated from his
first wife In 1893 or 1894 and at that time
Mrs. Crill No. 1 resumed her maiden name.
Of his second wife Crill is dumb. When
PLANS A GREAT
COPPER PLANT
Keep Charles F. Crill Imprisoned in Kansas for Days Before
Bringing Him to California — Prisoner's First Wife Denies That
He Obtained a Divorce and Intimates That He Is a Bigamist
OFFICERS KIDNAP DUNHAM SUSPECT
WHILE HE IS HELPLESS FROM LIQUOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, M^Y 3, 1901;
3
advertisements:
|>tmL •'•¦'¦¦X t x js ¥ t • m/ff jl
The Value of Union=Made
X«^w/ Possibly very few. people know the real value
f^Sf of union-made clothing. Now, a man should not
. '^A^k. wear union-made clothing merely from sentiment,
' /^^ j m^^^^^^ Sentiment is all right, but there is something else of
r\ /\ more interest to the wearer of union-ma'de clothes.
-J - §-, W \ . The clothing is made under most favorable
I M \ conditions — the workshops are clekn, light, airy
/ jj I I \ and cheerful; the 'workers are skillful, contented
I Jm i \ -white people, paid good wages' for doing good work.
¦ / #^p' it \ They are the best workmen in the world — no ques-
v mm fe^V ti° n about it. They take pride in their work and
\^^9/-^ fei^ keep it up to the standard of their union. The
"^itiKsfe/ '^S? union label in every garment stamps that garment
tf^ir as perfect in workmanship and faultless in fit and
f X finish. It is a guarantee of excellence.-
lIlKll if^liilllllS^uii^^n Make'
I =| ¦ The general satisfaction which our clothing is giving substan-
V f'^ l 1 * tiates all the foregoing facts. Ours is the only union-made cloth-
[ §| I ' . ing on this coast. - In buying from us you buy direst from us, the
j \S makers, as we manufacture all our ready-to-wear clothing. We '
' jfaniwm iwgmasSSx save you the middleman's profits. This saving alone more than
pays for the difference in wages between those of un : on men and
... ' Kg ¦¦ • , poor, unskilled labor.
Illllil iwHl ' In addition to the union label the clothing bears our personal
ivSffl IfHIffl label, which guarantees the clothing for a year. If you are dissat-
|wM| . Iffllil- : \if\ed we return your money. Clothes are kept in repair free for a
W Hi • ox Overcoats •
WS|! fftif ' We have a large line of box overcoats that are worth $10— we ;
l\w\l Hi made them to sell for that. Right now, while the season is de- ;
ilk. Hwi SSll ! manding them, we will dispose of ths coais at a special price — to
flvS iii'fvl reduce "the stock and to bring more customers— we want mere
:^^^|pf W I ' , people acquainted wi.h us. Surely a value like this ought to do it.
. r^i|ra^- Sill Tne overcoats are union-made from a good quality of covert I
igSpilife^ fii * : in tans, browns and olive?. They are long enough to cover any
££0? three-button cutaway frock. The sale price is
.'¦ ¦ v : fig • • 7*5® '
¦ - .- - ' \ . ' - .-;¦¦¦:¦:
. ¦ ¦ ; . • •• ¦ ¦•'•-• ' i
. W k i * v _. Out-of-town orders filled
, 718 Street.
We want every mother in San Franci?co to >
j0^&, know the facts about our children's, boys' and - _.jjw_'ii_' _
0^^^k youths' clothing department. It is a large depart- /^||||s||||k
x? r^f c'ean, airy, comfortable and convenient; and; A^ c^p^^|p
I llhlft! • 'HfiiL These sailor sui:s are for boys from 4 to 12 j^^^^^^^M^^fy^-
Jllll wBnMXlJrjSih cheviots in invisible piaids, chalk line stripes and yS^^^^^^Mpk
Jl ill IWWWS/MfflM ' fixtures, about seven patterns in all; lanyard and !
l&)lll™/ralli™ 1^1 IWlroW^ti^- w l? istIe * "si?K embroidered design on xoilar and I
" ° viU w . ell: -. th^ y are worth $2.^0; special
¦/ ; Boys' fedora's in dark and Tght gray, $ 1.3O each.
-See oup windows. _,_. _ w v %''A ! -/>v i ">v ; 'ii : -iL- ' *-%' Out-of-town orders
They are interesting, fe AlaM/ililli Jf fli^l .tilled —write us Yor
Note qualities and \J BV> ilUUli ®) I fjr anything in clotlijng,
prices. ;, v I r v; :VW[9^ ¦ •• ¦¦¦;¦ —^y \> furnishings or * fiats.
" 718 Market Street.george McMillan, ¦who will
coach the stanford varsi
ty football team.
CEZ/riC T/EAG-TJE WILL
HOLD IHISH FESTIVAL
Sons of Erin Prepare for. a Grand
Celebration to Be Held on Ad
mission Day.
The Celtic Union ia preparing to hold
a grand Irish festival at Menlo Park on
Admission day. . The general committee
which has been appointed to complete ar
rangements held their initial meeting last
night and elected Jeremiah Deasy chair
man and Thomas F. Alford secretary. No
expense or effort will be spared to make
the celebration a. memorable one. At the
meeting last night the following features
for the programme were suggested for
consideration:
A grand Irish prize tournament of old
Irish games, including football, hurling,
handball, running and jumping-, a com
petition essay contest in the Gaelic lan
guage for a gold medal, prize Jig and reel
dancing and a general musical and liter
ary programme.
The folio-wing delegates constitute th.3
committee:
Mrs. S. McFadden. Mlsa J. Dillon. R. C.
O'Connor. J. Burns. J. Ganey. T. J. Melloft.
R. J. O'Reilly. Thomas Galnford. Frank J.
Klerce. J. Hennessy. J. McFadden, C. B. Flan
agan. Thomas F. Barry. M. J. Gorman, Thomas
F. Alford. J. J. Canniffe. John Mulhern, Jere-
mlah Deasy. P. M. McGushin, T. M. Seary and
William Mullrn.
The stranding of the steamer Willam
ette in the Narrows while on a trip to
Comox on March 16 of this year was in
vestigated yesterday by Captains Bolles
and Bulger, United States Inspectors of
Local and Foreign Steam Vessels. Cap
tain Hansen. Chief Engineer Martland.
Assistant Engineer Thomson. First Mate
John Dlxon and Second Mate Henry
Johnson were the witnesses.
The testimony was to the effect that
the officers tried to run the steamer
through the Narrows in a fog. The fog.
however, closed in so thickly that tne ship
ran upon a reef and lay there for four
davs and a half with "a broken back.
Engineer Martland testified that the
steamer struck at 1:24 in the morning. He
was on watch, as he was at all times
when going into port or passing through
narrow or . dangerous places. There was
155 pounds of steam on and the vessel was
making five and a half knots per hour.
TJnder~the same steam pressure the ship
could have made ten knots if required.
There were no casualties.
The insoectors took the case under ad
visement. _"."-.
ing of the Willamette.
Bulger Investigating the Strand-
United States Inspectors Eolles and
HAJ4" ON A REEF WHILE
TRAVELING IN A FOQ
Eastern Baseball.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBTTRG, May I.— The home team
bunched their hits in the last two Innings to
day and won. Attendance 2200. Score:
- Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg S H ?
Chicago - 3 10 1
• Batteries— Tannehill and Zlmmer: Mason and
KliDg. Umpire— Emslie.
NEW YORK. May 2.— To-day** rame at
Brooklyn was won by Brqokryn. Attendance
1700. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Philadelphia ...~ * 9 3
Brooklyn 5 8 «
Batteries— Duggleby and Douglas; McCann
and McGuire. Umpire— CDay.
ST. LOUIS, May 2.— The Cincinnati National
Leaguers batted Sudhoff and Murphy all over
the field to-day. Attendance 30CO. Score:
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati W 19 f
St. Louis 12 14 «
Batteries— Phillips »nd Peita: Murphy. Sud
hoff and Ryan. Umpire — Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA. May 2.— In the second and
third innings of to-day's American League
game Boston sent twenty-two men to the 'bat.
Seven got bases on balls and twelve made safe
hits, three of which were triples. Attendance
2$il. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia .....— 13 IS 3
Boston 23 21 4
Batteries— Loos, Bernhard and Powers; Lewis
and Crlger.
CHICAGO. May 2.— Detroit won to-day's
American League game easily through forfeit.
Rain began in the visitors' half of the ninth
and after they had scored enough runs to win
the locals played for rain and ao forfeited. At
tendance 2200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago ...5 5 5
Detroit 7 6 5
Batteries— Griffith and Sullivan; Frisk and
Buelow.
WASHINGTON. May 2.— Washington to-day
suffered its first defeat at the hands of Balti
more. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
"Washington - 4 12 3
Baltimore 11 14 2
Batteries— Gear and Grady; Howell and Rob
inson. " .
CLEVELAND. May 2.— Milwaukee hit Hart
all over the field this afternoon. ' Despite this
fast fielding prevented Milwaukee from taking
the lead until the ninth. Score:
Clubs— R. ! H. E.
Cleveland 7 12 2
Milwaukee 9 17 1
Batteries — Hart and Wood; Hustings and Ma
loney.
Sacramentos 4, Oakland's O.
AFTER playing faultless baseball
for ten Innings the Dudes suf
fered from the nervous tension
and strain and went to pieces- In
the eleventh,, which, gave the
Senators the game. Until th» last toning
the quality of the playing was of the very
finest, both Moskiman and Doyle receiv
ing superb support for their excellent
work in the box. Several times the game
was saved to either side by brilliant field
ing or clever work of the bag guardians.-
Try as they would, neither team could
send a man over the rubber until the elev
enth Inning. In the tenth the Senators
made every show of scoring, but failed at
the crucial moment. A throw by / Dun
leavy to Pete Lohman and the clever
work of the latter in putting out. Stanley
retired the side when a run seemed im
minent. : : ¦ . ¦ ¦ : .-. ••: ¦-..-;-'
The last inning had tb<? Dudes on the
rack. Courtney journeyed on free trans
portation, and when Francks committed
one of hjs egregious j blunders, allowing
McLaughlin a base, he was safe on sec
ond. Then Hanlon hit to Moskiman, who
thought he had time to shut out ¦ Court
ney going to third, but the umpire called
them all safe. Doyle, who was next up,
hit to Arrellanes, who errored, and Court
ney scored. With the bags full Stanley
drove a fierce one to right field and Held
forgot his name, McLaughlin and Hanlon
scoring. Later on Stricklett rolled out a
two-bagger and Doyle crossed the rubber.
The score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. D.
McGucken. c. f 5 0 0 0 3 0 1
Devereaux, s. s 5 0 2 0 0 5 1
Courtney, 2b 4 110 3 4 0
McLaughlla. 1. f.... 5 110 2 0 0
Hanlon, lb 4^-1 1 . 0 is l 0
Doyle, p 4 10 0 2 2 0
Stanley, c 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
Sheehan. 3b 5 0 0 0 13 0
Stricklett. r. t 3 0 10 3 10
Totals 39 4 7 0 33 16 2
OAKLAND.
AB. B. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f 5 0 1 0 3 0 0
Francks, s. s 4 0 0 0 4 4 1
Arrellanes, 2b L. 5 0 0 0 12 2
Strelb. lb ...I.. 4 0 1 0 11 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 3 0 0 0 3 10
Moore. 3b 4 0 0 0 13 0
Held, r. 1 4 0 0 0 3 11
Lohman, c 4 0 1 0 4 10
Mcsklman. p 4 0 2 0 3 5 0
Totals 37' 0 5 0' 33 17 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 — 4
Base hits! 10 0 2 10 0 0 111—7
Oakland 00000000000-0
Base hits 1100111000 0—5
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— McLaughlin, Stricklett. Sac
rifice hits— Francks, Hanlon. First base on
errors— Sacramento 3, Oakland 1. First base
on called balls— Sacramento 4. Oakland 2. Left
on bases — Sacramento 9. Oakland 7. Struck
out — By Doyle 3, by Moskiman 2. Double plays
—Stricklett to Hanlon; Moskiman to Streib.
Time of game— 2:05. Umpire— Donohue. Official
scorer— McFarlin.
Los Angeles Wins.
£OS ANGELES, May 2.— The Los An
geles team played itself on an equality
with the/ Sari Franciscoa to-day by win
ning the game by a score of 5 to 3. These
teams are now tie for the lead and a live
ly contest is looked for. The score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH." SB. PO. A. E.
BrockhofT. 2b 4 12 0 3 11
Hutchinson. lb 4, 0 0 0 7 0 .- ft
Householder, cf.... 4 '2 2 1 2 "0 • 0
Spies, c 3 0 0 0 7 10
C. Rellly, 3b 4 2 12 4 7 2
Kelly, ss 4 0 10 4 4 0
Swindells, rf 3 0 2 0 0-00
Bowman. If 2 0 1 1 1 0 0
Jones, p 3 0 0 0 0 10
• Totals 31 5 10 4 27 14 3
Neither Side Scored Until the Last Round and
Then Oakland Went to Pieces — San
Francisco Loses to Los Angeles Nine
Los Angelea 0-0030210*— 5
1 0 0 2 0 4 2 1 *-10
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 2 0-3
Base hits 1 110 0 12 3 1—10
StTMMARY.
Two-base hits— Spies, Kru*. Graham.
Schwartz. Holland. Sacrifice hits—Spies. Bow
man. First base on errors— San Francisco. 2;
Los Angeles. 3. First base on called balls— Los
Angeles 2; San Francisco. 1. Left on bases —
Los Angeles, 8; San Francisco. 9. Doubla
plays— Reilly to Hutchinson; Rellly unassisted;
Krug to Pabst. Struck out-By Jones. 4; by
Ibunr, 3. Hit by pitcher— Swindells. Umpire—
O'Connell. Time of game. 1:40. Scorer—Cash
man. ; . . . > ' ' 2
Total 3S S 10 0 24 13 2
HUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
HHdebrand, cf 5 0 0 0 1 0 0
Schwartz. 2b S 1 3 0 0 3 0
Krug-, 63 5 0 10 3 2 0
Holland. If 4 110 4 0 1
PaLst, lb.. 3 1 1 0 10 0 0
Graham, o. 4 0 10 4 0 0
Nordyke, rf 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
J. Rellly.'Sb.. ....... 4 0 10 2 3 1
Iburg 1 , p 4 0 0.0 0 5 0
ELEVEN INNING GAME IS
WON BY THE SENATORS
Vagrant "Commits Suicide.
- Mollie' Dougherty,, a vagrant, living on
the south side, died yesterday as the re
sult of swallowing the contents of a bot
tle of carbolic e£id while being conveyed
in an ambulance to *he Emergency Hos
pital. Her companions said she had been
drinking '¦ freely ¦ of Is te and a- sudden • fit
of despondency was the, probable cause of
Insane Woman Starts Fire.
The Fire Department", was called out
yesterday morning to" extinguish a blaze
in the basement of a dwelling at the cor
ner of Filbert and Dupont streets. In
vestigation disclosed the fact that the fire
had been kindled by Mrs. A. Joseph,. the
owner of- the house, because she thought
thus to elude supposed enemies who were
trying, to take her body ; to the Morgue.
She was detained m the insane ward at
the .City Hall, r .-„ /¦ -
ENTRIES FOR THE
COLLEGE v\ WT,n DAY
Those -Who Will Compete for the
. Championship of St. Mary's.
OAKLAND. May '2.— The following are
the entries for the St. 1 Mary's College field
day on Saturday next: . _ .. ...
100-yard dash, college championship— W. Kel
ley, C. Ryan, F. de Leon.
100-yard maiden race— J. Harloe, L. Serventl,
R. McNally, J. Flynn, R| Booth. -- :
Shot-put, handicap— Asa Porter. George Mc-
Donough. E. Booth. • !
220-yard hurdle— F. de Leon, R, McNally, j;
Flynn,. J. Harloe.
Pole vault— William Grow, J. Quarrels.
High Jump, handicap — F. Bradley, J. Harloe,
Arza Porter, F. de Leon, G. McDonough, R.
McNally. J. Quarrels. •
220- yard dash— R. McNally, C. Ryan, W. Kel
ley. ... .
Broad Jump, handicap— J. Harloe, F.-de Leon,
J. Flynn. J. Quarrels.
Hammer throw, handicap— Asa Porter, Arza
Porter, G. McDonough, E. Booth, J. Calla
ghan. -C. Adam.
440-yard dash? handicap— L. Serventl, -G. Mc-
Donough, J. Flynn, E. Hogan, P. Kell.
120-yard hurdle— J. Quarrels, W. Grow. J.
Harloe. . - ' ...; - .;
Mile run— L.-. Serventl, E. Hogan. C. Wilson,
P. Kell. •
olds and upward, distance last mile and a
half of the Czarewitch course, was won
by Lord Harewood's chestnut colt Sir
Hugo, out of Ice,, ridden by Johnny Reiff.
Twelre horses ran. ••• . /
The Ely plate, of- 200 sovereigns, was
won by Sir E. Cassel's bay filly Cream, on
which the American jockey W. B." Buch
anan "had the mount" 1 •—-.-•¦ .- ••.
The Peel handicap, of 103 sovereigns,
was won by Lord Farquhar's bay nlly
Baton, with J. Reiff. up. Ten horses
started. • - • •. i: '¦-•'.',
The March stakes ¦ was won by Prince
Soltykoff's bay horse Ninus.- Captain
Eustace Loder's mare Sibola, Reiff up,
came' in second, and T. • Simpson Jay'B
chestnut colt Arbor finished- third. ' Five
horses started. - ...
WITH all the play on Hagerdon
to win the free handicap over
six furlonsrs. at Oakland yes
terday, the bookmakers were
still selling tickets at 9 to 5
around bugle call time. The track was
heavy and slow, which just suited the big
horse. He skimmed by *Dr. Cave early,
w.nning about as he pleased In 1:16. Frank
Bell ran a disappointing race under Ber
gen, dropping the place to Dr. Cave by a
couple of lengths, palpably demonstrating
the track was not to his fancy. Prejudice
was also disinclined to participate in the
festivities, a fast track being his strong
est suit. Rio de Altar clung to stable tra
ditions, running last.
Not many of the different winners es
caped backing from the crowd, evea if
three choices did fail to connect- Com
panion, Barney F and Gusto, comprising
the surprise trio, were by no means
• eagle birds" for the books. The attend
£2>et continues good, with plenty of busi
ness for the fourteen pencilers.
In the introductory sprint Companion, a
Schreiber cast-off, upset calculations by
coming from behind with Russell up and
btatincr out the well backed 15 to 1 shot
MatlMa O. The latter mare did not get
away from the post any too well or she
would have earned the verdict. Merida,
played down to 11 to 5 favoritism, ran dis
appointingly, finishing far back at the
wire.
Tompion, a bay youngster, by Altamax,
took tne maiden two-year-old dash. His
price receded from even money to 8 to 5,
and leading from the jump Ransch landed
him first, less than a length before Pres
tene. Learato' ran third.
On form Mamie Hildreth and Screenwell
Lake looked best of the seven starters for
the mile selling purse. The former filly
had first call in the bettjjng, but Ransch
¦was compelled to stay. In next .the rail,
where the footing was "deepest, and she
ran third after leading into the stretch.
Barney F'. a 10 to 1 shot, in front almost
the entire route, won- cleverly by ' two
lengths, while ScreenweJl Lake nosed the
favorite out for second position.
Ab Stemler's smart filly PhylHsviefeat
ed a fair bunch in the second two-year
old spin. Always a warm choice, she
riiiickly went to> the front, leading Porous
toy the judges with little to spare.
Tyranus. the second choice, was third.
A seven furlong selling affair closed the
racir.g. Although looking big' and high
after his let-up. Dr. Ro well's Imperious
was installed favorite. Third for a time,
he then fell back from the firing line.
Gusto, ridden by Jack Martin and 7 to 2
in the ring, after making all the play ran
in a length ahead of the 40 to 1 shot For
matus. The latter hefrse showed marked
improvement.
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds and
Dp; selling:
•2310 Kaversham 114 23SS Guilder 121
2325 Whaleback ....121 2338 Eetro 121
2334 Sylvan Lass.. ..119 2334 Rainier 121
2230 Kastaine 119 2374 Sam Dannb f m..ll3
402 Honor Bright.. .117 2356 Senator Matts..lll
2335 Faunette 119
Second race — Four and a half furlongs ;
maiden two-year-olds; purse:
2363 Pepper Sauce.. 10$! 2375 Yellowstone ...108
2315 Dan Collins.... 105 2377 Achilles 10S
Senator Bruce.. irs! 2375 Phil Crimmins.lOS
2369 Estado lOSi 2154 Lento 108
2333 Hon. P. Sterrg.102; 22S5 Remele 10S
2141 Botany 1051
Third race — Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; selling:
<"2204) Moor. bright 1051 2370 Andrattus ..\..105
2385 Dunfree lOi 1(2370) Eonic 107
:349 Invictus 105. ¦ , ,- .
Fourth race — Mile and a quarter; four-year
olds and up: selling:
<2367)Gotobed 105! 23S4 Gauntlet 102
C37S)Malay 105 1 2331 Twlnkler. ......102
Fifth race— Six furlongs; mares; four-year
olds and op: selling:
(2SC2)Vantine ...10S| 2376 Canejo 105
2379 Good Hope 105; 2340 Jingle Jingle.. .105
f23£5)Hlgh Hoe 103 235S Nettie Clark. ...105
2304 Midlove 105 2379 Mocorito 105
f23".5)Foul Play 105; 23S4 Valenclenne ...105
2290 Nullah 105! .2359 Clarando ........105
Sixth race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
meiXJoIdone 114|(23T9)Handlcapper ...111
23G1 Donator 113| 2370 Horton 116
Probable Winners.
First race— Rainier. Estro, Guilder.
Second race— Estado, Achilles, Lento.
Third race — Eonic. Moonbright, Andrattus.
Fourth race — Gauntlet. Malay. Gotobed.
Fifth race— Mocorito, High Hoe, 'Clarando.
Sixth race— Horton, Handicapped Goldone.
Eastern Races.
CHICAGO. May 2.— The new Worth
racetrack, sixteen miles from Chicago,
began a twenty-one day meeting to*-day.
It is an excellent track, the grand stand
being- a handsome structure that will seat
at least 4000 people, and the paddock and
the betting ring are first class. The at
tendance to-day was 6000, Summary:
Six furlongs — Boney Boy won. Sevoy second,
W. J. Deboe third. Time, 1:13 4-5.
Five and a half furlonsrs — Cora Havill won,
Dousterswivel second, Avator third. Time,
1:10 2-5.
One mile— Operator won. Boomerack second.
Heroics third. Time, 1:42 2-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, $2008 handicap — The
Conqueror II won, Robert Waddell second,
Louisville third. Time, 1:4S%,
Five and a half furlongs— Our Lizzie won.
Rival Dare second. Braw Lad third. Time,
1.09 2-5.
Mile and an eig-hth — Trebor won, Rhlnelander
6econd, El Caoey third. Time, 1:56 S-5. '
ST. LOUIS, May 2. -^-Summaries: .
Five end a half furlongs, selling— Tenny Belle
won. Bam Lazarus second. Echo Dale third.
Time. 1:08%.
Five furlongs — Otis wen, Kti.ioma second,
Baby Dlxon third. Time, l:02>4.'
Six furlongs— Mike Malloon won. La Mascotta
second. Sue Johnson third. Time, l:16Vi.
One mile— Felix Bard won. Found second,
Chappaqua third. Time. 1:42.
Six furlongs, selling — Horseshoe Tobacco -won,
Friflolln second, Albert F. Dewey third. Time,
1:16. ¦ -y . ' ¦
One mile— Bequeath won. Lady of the "West
second. William Boyer third. Time, .1:44%.
LOUISVILLE. May 2. — Summaries: • , ¦
Five and a half furlongs— Lily Pantland won,
Clorlta »econd. Lyror Bell third. Time, 1:08%.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Hans Wag
r.fr won, Man of War second, Baccie third.
Time. :55%.
One mile, selling — Chorus Boy. won, Whltfield
cecond, Cecundus third. Time; 1:42%.
Six furlongs, selling— Princess Otillie won.
Beauty Book second, Rodd third. Time, 1:22.
- Seven furlongs— Trinity Bell won, Mies Soak
eecond. Ethel Wheat third. Tlnte, 1:28%.
Six furlongs, selling — Sim W won. The
Butcher second, Musketo third. Time, 1:15.
NEW YORK, May 2.— It was "get-away" day
at Aqueduct to-day. Summaries:
;¦ Six furlongs— Magic Light won. The Rhymer
vecond, Blggun third. Time. 1:14 4-S.
About seven furlongs, selling— Billionaire
won. Mercer eecond. Curtsey third. Time, 1:26.
Five furlongs, selling— Flintlock won. Equal
ise eecond. Bourbon King third. .Time,; 1:02 3-6.
Rockaway stakes, about seven furlongs — Sad
duccee won. Trumpet second, Himself third.
Time, 1:24 2-5. • .
One' mile and seventy yards, selling— Alard
won, Walt Not second. Matt Simpson third
Time. 1:44 S-5.
Five furlongs, selling— Pluto won,. Blue Blood
second. Tea Van* third. Time, 1:02 3-5.
CINCINNATI, May 2.— Results at Newport: •
Five and a half furloncs— Minnie B won,
Amorosa second. Dr. Fannie third. Time,
1:10%.
Four furlongs, selling— Follow won, Rose of
Red second, King Rex third. Time, :50%.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— W. C. Welch
¦won, Lettka eecond. Robert Gray third. Time,
1:22%.' - '• - ! - - : , - ¦
Six furlongs, selling:— Crescent Queen won.
Juniper second, Ahamo third. Time, 1:18%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Slasher won. Master
ful second, Banquo II third. Time. 1:31%.
One mile — Dissolute won, J. H. Sloan second,
Tusculuxn third. 1 :43.
. - »
American Jockeys Win.
LOXDON. May 2. — At the second day's
racing.. of the : Newmarket .first; spring
meeting to-day the • Thursday handicap
plate, of 200 sovereigns, for three-year
. - . .• ¦•-',-•¦¦ -¦' ; .:
OAKLAND RACETRACK-Thursday,
May 2, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
heav3\ ¦ "Tv '.
23SG. FIRST RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; selling; three-year-old fillies ; purse. $350.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. hi. Str. Fin.
2344 Companion, 1G9... Russell 3 3 hi 3 hi H
2350 Matilda O, 109....Hafley 7 6 n , 2 h 2 n
£363 Irate, 117 J.Martini 718 3 1
2344 Cath. Bravo, 109. Ransch 2 2 1 1 H 4 h
2373 Bonitary, 10S.. Alexander 6 4 2 5 1 h hi
2344 Merida. lC9...,.Bassinger 8 8 7^62
2349 Eldred, 109 Conley 4 11 4 172
21o3 Florista. 109 Sullivan B 5 hi' 6 hi 8
Time-r-3-16, :19; hi. :25?i; hi. :53; o'if, 1:12.
Good start. Wen first three driving. Winner,
S. Herri weather's ch. f. by Servlce-DerfarglHa.
Companion was rated with success. Away bet
ter, Matilda could have won. It took Martin
on. Irate quite a time to awaken tp a sense
of the situation. Lat^r should have scored.
Bonitary won't do. Merida looked unfit. Sulli
van on Florlsta in all the pockets.
Bettings-Companion. 8; Matilda O. 8; Irate.
9; Catherine Bravo, 6; Bonttary. 12; Merida,
11-5; Eldred, 15; Florista, 6. ' .
2387. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; sell
ing; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. *;. Str. Fin.
2369 Tompion. 102 Ransch 2 11 1 2 1 *i
2377 Prestene, 107 ...Enos 4 5 3 4 2 2 3
2375 Legato. 105.... Alexander 3 4 2 3 n 3 1
2339 F. Atterbury. lC7.Basngr 5 3 \i 2 hi 4 6
23G3 Quadra, 107... .....Russell 6 8 8 61
2263 Wandrng Boy. lOS.Goldn S 7 2 5 3 6 6
23S2 Clear Sky.- 102....Tullett 7 6.V4 7 1 ,-T 2
2141 Post Bell, 102 Bergen 1 2 n 6 Vs 8
Time— hi. :25>i; % :5V.i. Good start. Wor
first three driving. Winer, Burns & Water
house's b. g. by Altamax-Koolou. Winner away
well. Knos on Prestene compelled to take up on
far turn. This beat him. Quadra ran badly.
Wandering Bey bad speed to burn warming
up. Post Bell ran a quarter.
Betting— Tompicn, S-5; Prestene, 6: Legato,
7; Fred Atterbury, S; Quadra. 4; Wandering
Boy. 15; Clear Sky. 2C0; Post Bell, 20.
23SS. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling;
three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. •». Etr. Fin.
2374 Barney F. 4, 1S9.. Stuart 2 1 Vi 14 H.
2344 Scnwll Lake, 3, 96.Rdfrn 6 3 4 3 1 2 ns
(£373)M. Hildreth, 3. 96.Rnsch 12 1 2',J 3 3
2374 GuildeF. 6, lOS.Bassin&er 5 5 2 4 2 4 1
2362 McAlbert. 6. 109. Alxnder 3 6 10 6 10 S'»
23S3 Nilgar. 5, 109 HaHey 4 4 hi 5 hi OS
2362 Parader, 6, 109 Logue 7 7 7 .7 • .
Time— >4. :26- %. :5G%: ?4, 1:18; mile, 1:16.
Fair start. Won all out. Second and third
driving. Winner. C. 1 W. Chappell's br. g. by
Isaac Murphy-Lagunltas. Barney had a trashy
assortment to beat. With more luck at the
start. Screenwell Lake might have scored.
Mamie Hildreth in poorest going. She tired
last sixteenth. Nilgar apparently likes sloppy
footing. Parader no account.
Betting-— Barney K. 10; Screenwell Lake, 11-5;
Mamie Hildreth. 9-5; Guilder, 12; McAlbert, S;
Xilgar, 9; Parader, 15.
23S9. FOURTH RACE— Four furlongs; two
year-olds; purse. $350. .. " > • ..
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. §J. Str. Fin.
<2375)Phyllle. 115 Basslnger 3 11 ..: 1 iy.
Z-m Porcus. US Shields 6 4 1 ... 2 2
2362 Tyranug. 115 Enos 5 2 1 ... 3 1'
2363 Kscalante. HS.Alexander 4 7 2 ...4%
2232 Sol. 113 Bennett 2 5 M ... 5 hi
2363 Lady Carlo. 110... Russell 1 3 ... 6 3
23G3 Gerardo. 113 '. Sullivan 8 8 3 ... 7 5
— Armado, 110 Ransch 9 9 ... 8 4
JCnockings, 113.Armstrng 7 6%... 9
Time — Vi. :25>4: hi. :51. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, A. J. Stemler & Co.'s
b. f. by imp. Goldfinch-Phllestla. Winner was
best. Porous nicely ridden. Tyranus stopped.
Lady Carlo didn't do so well. , .
BetfinK— Phyllis, 6-5; Porous. 20; Tyranus'.
9-2: Escalante. 7;: Sol. -30: Lady-Carlo, 8; Ger
ardo, 30; Armado. 20; Knocklngs, 100. '
23t>O. FIFTH RACE-S'x furlongs; free han
dicap; three,- year-olds and up; purse, $500.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. «4. Str. Fin.
23S4 Hagerdon, 4, 104..Ransch 4 2 1...1 3. .14..
2379 Dr. Cave. 4, lOfi.Bassingr 1 1 hi 2 2 2 2
2371 Frank Bell, 5, HO. Bergen 2 3 1 3 V 3 %
2371 Prejudice,. 4, 99. ..Martin 5 5 4 5" 46
(2371)R de Altar. 3, 108-Alxdr 3 4 n 5 6 .
Time— U. :24H: H. :«; »i, 1:16. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. - Win
ner, H. L,, Frank's b. g. by imp. Esher-Lady
Richmond. Hagerdon probably best at the
weights. Dr. Cave did his best. Frank Ben
apparently did not like the going. Neither did
Prejudice.' Rio de Altar hard to guess.
Betting — Hagerdon, 9-5; Dr. Cave, S; Frajik
Bell, 3; Prejudice, 4; Rio de Altar, 7.
2391. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St." %. Str. Kin.
(2340)Gusto, 4, 110 Martin 3 13 11 11
2376 Formatus. 4, 107..Conley 4 5 3 3» 2 H
2384 The BufTn, 4. 107.Faunt 5 2 n 2 hi 3 Vt
2367 Merops, 5, 107 Bergen 7 8.62 43
2323 Rio Chi co, 5. 107.Bassngr 1 -4 H 4 h 5 4
( 21 s-S) Imperious. 6. 107.R&nech 2 3 4 5 Vz 6 5
22S9 Rapldo, a, 108....McBrfd> 8 7 % 7 7 6
2208. Mt. Dew, 5, 105.. Russell 6 '6" % 8 .8
Time^^:13%; \i. ¦¦:»%;¦% ' *:50H; %."• 1:03^.
%, 1:31V^. Good start. Won. first three driving.
Winner. P. . Howley's br. h. ty imp. Brutus-
Irish Lass. ¦ Gusto did well for a lame horee.
Buffoon could not set him. Merops came fact
when too late. Imperious looked big and high
"and was not up to much.- Scratched— Jack Me-
Cabe 1C7.
•Betting- — Gusto, 7-2; Formatus, 40; The Buf
foon, 6; Merops, 7; Rio Chlco, -8; Imperious,
3-2; Rapido, 100; Mountain Dew, 50.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
HAGERDON "BREEZED" :
FOR THE HANDICAP
Other Starters Unable to Make the . Big
Horse Gallop at the Close — Favorites
Hold Their , Own at Oakland Track
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
STANFORD'S FOOTBALL COACH
THE MOST EXPERIENCED ON COAST
George' McMillan, One of the Three Graduate Players
Who Will Return to College to Coach the Cardinal
Team Is a Gridiron ¦¦ Athlete of Nine Years' Action
The Supervisors' Police Committee rec
ommended yesterday ' that the petition of
the San Francisco Athletic Club to give
a boxing exhibition in July, be granted.
The club has signed Charles Thurston and
Rube Ferns. The - application of the
Twentieth Century Athletic Club to give
a contest in June went over for one week.
The petition of the National Sporting Club
for an exhibition in July was denied, but
the August permit will. undoubtedly go to
that club. ' -.¦•¦•¦ ¦ -.
Permits for, Boxing Contests.
graduates and famous cardinal football
athletes. The experiment , of domestic
coaches will be given a fair trial at Stan
ford this year and these three men will
take upon themselves all responsibility for
the safe guidance of the team.
EORGE McMILLAN, the mo«t
.//• yC thoroughly experienced of all
(I I Western college football playerB,
will be "among the graduate
. , coaches of Stanford this coming
season. In 1S93 and 1S94 McMillan was one
of the star players on Stanford's varsity.
The year following he captained the Re
liance team, and in 1896 he was at the
head of the victorious Butte eleven, i The
year after that McMillan captained and
coached the Anaconda team.- Since 1898
he has been in Portland, playing with and
acting as coach.
The new appointee will assume -the du
ties of his new position toward the end
oi August. Working with him will be
Stuart Cotton of this city and A. B.
Spaulding of New York, both Stanford
SPORT GLEANINGS FROM THE EASTERN AND THE WESTERN FIELDS
THE: SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, MAY a, 1W1.
Two .Workmen Are Injured.
Herman Johnson, a carpenter« fell from
a 1 scaffold while 'at, v/ork -on 'a j building, at
the corner of Baker »and Pacific- streets
yesterday and sustained several bruises
and possible internal injuries. Edward
Kelly,' a painter, at work on a house in
Chinatown- fell from 'a ladder -and r broke
his arm. Both were. treated at the.Emer-
BAKEBS' UNION HOLDS
, PICNIC AT HABBOB VIEW
• The -Oakland, San Francisco and Italian-
Bakers' and Confectioners' unions held
their first annual picnic at Germanla Gar
dens, Harbor View, Wednesday. The mem
bers of the three unions,' with, twenty
four flower-girls under . the leadership of
Miss May Brandner, .formed in line 1200
strong ; at 117 Turk street and marched
with banners flying and bands playing to
the picnic grounds. As the procession,
passed the French bakeries along the
route the bands played funeral dirges. .
- At- Harbor View games had been ar
ranged for the picnickers and the after
noon- was spent enjoyably In sports and
dancing. The festivities concluded with a
moonlight dance. \ About 5000 guests were
present. ¦¦} ' .".¦¦-¦ . »•'•'.-¦;'
The following named composed the com
mittee of arrangements: -' . ¦
¦'-'¦ From San Francisco— Kmile Schaerer, i George
Stein, Marcel Willie, Emlle Eishold, Paul Elch
enberger, Charles Bleckmann, Frank Kalleg,
rAlbert Zaborsky, James . Doherty, H. Heller,
Gcorg-e Saville, John Disgue; Theodore Molitor.
W. Traber. Albert" Zalmd and Peter :KelIer.
From Oakland— Math Schmidt, '. Fred .Habelt,
John ' Guild, August Helwig, Julius Hermann,
John Lindner and John Haefele." .¦'.¦
AL NEILL KNOCKS OUT
TREMBLE IN A ROUND
add' Los Angeles San Fran score
Lucky Bight Hand ¦ Swing Did the'
Trick — McGovern as Referee, v \
3AKERSFIELD, > May 2.— To-night at
Scrlbner's Opera-house Al Neill;of San
Francisco knocked iout Jim, Tremble of
Los Angeles in the first round. There were
loud cries of fake from the "gallery gods,"
but it is the opinion of those versed in* the
fighting game that a lucky right-hand
swing on the _ neck -, ended Trembles
chances. When. the blow landed the Los
Angeles fighter. -went, down and, appar
ently losing his head, failed to : take ad
vantage of the ten-second limit. He rose
slowly to his ' feet after the third " count
and : was immediately knocked ' through
the 1 ropes V and almost: off the stage." He
was in a dazed condition for some min
utes. The fight, was ¦ refereed by ¦ Terry
McGovern; who pronounced it' "on • -its
merits."., It was a quick ending to what
was thought would be a hard fight. -.-..
. /'At the racetrack : to-day McGovern ran
a 250-yard ; dash- with C. Bustilles, • a local
ball player,; and- lost. It is said he lost
4250 as well >• . ; * \
An Alameda-Grolf Club.
ALAMEDA, May. 2.— A meeting, for the
.purpose of forming an Alameda.Golf Club
was held last evening at the residence of
Edward Brown", 1823 Santa Clara avenue.
Committees were appointed ;to investigate
locations for links and "furthering the or
ganization otherwise. The success of the
club is assured, as will be seen from the
following Mist of members, all prominent
residents of the encir.al city: _U- .
Mr. and' Mrs. Glbbs, Mr. and Mrs. Phil Tel
ler "Mr. and Mrs. Emmons, Mr. and Mrs. Dr.
Bull, Mr.- and Mrs. Okell, Mr. and Mrs. George
H. Mastlck, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Swayne.-Mr.
and Mrs. Dr. C. Ia Tisdale, ¦- Mr.' and Mrs.
Ramsey. ~ Mr. anfl Mrs. Clarence Flint, Mr.
and Mrs. Fred Toungberg,' Dr. and Miss Rey
nolds. Mr. and Mrs. Binder, . Mr. and Mrs.
George ¦ Chambers, Mr. <¦ and Mrs: -Wallace, I Mr.
and Mrs. Lawton,, Mr. and Mrs. * Smith, ' Mr.
and Mrs;; Medbury, "Miss Eva- Fisher, Miss
Ethel Brown, Miss "Florence Hale, Miss Isa
belle Curtis, Miss ¦ Qrace Cook,' ¦. Mise ¦" Ella
Graves Miss Harriet Austin, 4 Miss Jamieson,
Miss Dodge. Miss Edith Clay, Miss. Bramhall,
Miss Kruger. | Miss Mecartney, Miss Jackson,
Mrs. J. H. Jones, Mrs. Will Davis, I. Borden,
Bert Brown, Mr. Cassiday; Mr. Willis.
-The next meeting for final organization
will be held at the olllce of Dr. Bull next
Monday evening. Those desiring to join
in this now popular and fashionable pas
time are invited to be present.
THERESA LOUGHREY SAYS
HER HUSBAND IS BRUTAL
Testifies in Her Own Defense Befor9
! Judge Sloss— In the Divorce
Court.
Joseph Loughrey, manager of a Post-
Street glove house, appeared in Judge
Sloss' court yesterday to prosecute his
suit for divorce from Theresa Loughrey.
Loughrey charges his wife with cruelty
and , infidelity, which she denies. Mrs.
Loughrey also makes charges against her
husband, which, if proven, will entitle her
to a decree and an alimony judgment. ;
Mrs.- Loughrey testified yesterday that
two days after, her marriage her husband
forced her to go out and seek employment
as a domestic. She labored, she claims,
as a domestic for six months, and then, as
her husband refused to support her, went
in search of more agreeable employment.
They finally ' quarreled, Mrs. Loughrey
continued, and as her husband refused to
admit her to their home she threw a
missile through the window, for which of
fense she was arrested.
They then took their troubles to the di
vorce court, but when the case was called
some months ago for hearing Mrs. Lough
rey was taken ill. She was removed to
the City and County | Hospital, where a
child was born to her,, but during- all of
her suffering, she said, her husband re
fused to offer her aid or comfort. : .
Further testimony will be heard v next
Tuesday.
. Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day-to Julia Cllne from William P. Cline
for desertion, Jennie Clark from Edward
R. Clark for failure to provide, Minnie B.
Harris from Edward W. Harris for deser
tion. May Bray from William H. Bray for
desertion 'and Emma 'Augusta Peterson
from Alfred Oscar Peterson for extreme
cruelty. ' , .
Suits for divorce* have been filed by
James F.Burlingame against Aimee Bur
lingama^ for infidelity. • Hallle Eldridge
against Arthur Eldridge for desertion, An
nie M. 'Davis against Enos R.- Davis for
failure to provide and Margaret D. Shart
zer against Benjamin C. Shartzer for de
sertion. * : " ¦.-.-¦'-.*,
Defeats Neustadter in
Some Remarkable
. Otto Feudner, the crack trap shooter,
defeated N. H. Neustadter in a special 100
bird race at Ingrleside yesterday. He not
only won a dinner for sixteen devotees of
the sport; but established a record that
will stand for a long time on this coast.
Feudner actually killed 100 straight, but
four of the birds got over the line before
toppling over. Neustadtei - 's sh'ooting was
also of high, order. -Had he not become
nervous near the close of the match he
would have won out, as the handicap of
five birds was to his advantage. He had
the match well in hand up to his eighty
fifth bird. Nervousness then affected him
and he missed three out of five birds.
Both men shot from a thirty-foot rise.
They were in good form and the birds
were a fine lot. Feudner losf compara
tively easy blrd3 and nailed the hard ones.
Neustadter killed forty-seven out of the
first. fifty, and Feudner forty-nine. It took
two hours to finish the match, and- the
scores are the best ever made on the coast
in a lOQ-blrd match. with a thirty-yard
rise. Neustadter will dine his friends on
Tuesday evening next, and among the
guests will be Henry Stelling Jr., who
refereed the match, and Achilles Roos and
George Jackson, who acted as scorers.
Following is the -complete score of the
shoot: . ...
Otto Feudner —
222111221121211212211111 1—25
112111 12 1 •1121111 M 12111 1—24
11121*12 1-2 211211*2221232 2—23
• 2222221222222222 3*112222 2—24
: Total .. I...*......'.....'.. ..:.M
N." H. Neustadter-^- .-.¦' \ j .' .? ; \ ' •
; • 112 12 1022 0222 12222,1112112—23
- \ 1122121101122222121311121-24
2 0 2 2 212112112 2 2 0 2 1 11-1 211 1— 23
1 1.1 1 2 2 11 X.\ 10 1 1 1 2 2.0 2 110 010 1—20
.'" .Total -:..V......'...r.. ..•..;.......;.. .-.90
¦ . *Dead ' oiif of bounds. . . '¦'* -,",
FEUDNER IS A
RECORD MAKER
MANILA, May 2.— The evidence for the
defense 'in the trial of Captain Reed,, ex
depot commissary at Manila, charged
with soliciting and receiving bribes and
other official misconduct, was submitted
to-day. It is generally believed the court
will find Reed guilty. - l
It is again reported that Cailles j will
shortly surrender. The remnants of
Tinlo's army are surrendering. j - ¦
BATANGAS, Island of Luzon, May 2.—
A score of insurrectionists fired on the
town last night. No casualties were re
ported. The few outlaws remaining in the
province have been nearly pacified. The
commission has established a government
at Sorsengr, at the southern end of the
island of Luzon, and has appointed Cap
tain J. C. Livingston of New York Gov
ernor and Captain E. W. Terry of the
Forty-seventh Regiment Treasurer. The
conditions at Sorseng are regarded as re
markable. .' . ¦ •'
The commission touched at Marinauque
yesterday and fulfilled the pledge made
that if the Insurgents surrendered mu
nicipalities would be organized and a sep
arate provisional government established
at Marinduque. Captain Brandholt was
a candidate for Governor, but a nativo
was apnointed. !/' ,,
The commission will • go to Nadla to
morrow after an eight weeks successful
tour. ' ; , .
MANILA TBOOPS RETURNING.
Eight Transports Will Sail Be£ore
, v End of Month.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— Major Miller,
chief quartermaster at Manila, has cabled
the • War Department . . an approximate
schedule of the sailings or transports from
Manila with troops to be mustered out of
."flS^ISSKi; with the Thirty-first;
Buford. with the Forty-first; Pennsylva-
n May 20— Logan and Kilpatrlck, with the
Thirty-eighth, Forty-third and Forty
fourth; Indiana, with the Forty-second.
May 25-Grant, with the Forty-eighth
and Forty-ninth; Ohio, with the Forty
seventh. , ¦ , V*
If there should be any troops remaining
of these, regiments they will be sent on
the Thomas. • ¦¦¦•¦¦¦¦ .- ,
Trial of the Accused Ex-
Commissary Closes
in Manila.
CAPTAlN REID'S
FATE IN D OUBT
CAMBRIDGE Mass., May 2.-Altho'igh
the greater portion of the proceedings at
the Eastman murder trial to-day was
taken up in unimportant expert testi
mony, there weie one or tv/o witnesses
who proved to be important. The day's
proceeding^ ended with an ; effort on the
I>art .of the Attorney General to obtain
the admission of the testimony Eastman
gave before the Grand Jury which indict
ed him. The court withheld. its decision.
The most Important witness of the day
was the aged and decrepit mother of Gro
gan. She tottered feebly into the court
room i*nd told of an instance where East
man looked toward her son . ana re
marked :*"'Hls' days are short." This was
a . little over a week before the tragedy.
Two witnesses who were recalled Identi
fied the bullet exhibited at the -trial as
the one taken from the body of the de
ceased. This iast testimony will have a
strong bearing on the case of the de
fense should it be claimed that the bullet,
which has been frequently shown to the
jury, was changed some time after the
autopsy by somo Government official.
Should, the Government's plea for the
admission of the Grand Jury testimony
be overruled to-morrow morning, it is
likely that the case against Eastman will
rest there and that the defense will then
be begun.
, ¦• . » _ 1 ;
Deceased's Mother Gives
Testimony Against
Prisoner.
EASTMAN TRIAL
IS NEARING END
4
. . .. - .
Our $1.30 hat is the equal of any regular $2.00 hat
that we ever saw. No. matter what your taste is you can get
the hat in any color, style or shape that you want.
. Fedoras in black, brown, cedar, steel, pearl and
Derbys in black, brown, cedar, oxford mixed antf
Scotch mixed.
Graecos in black, brown, cedar, pearl and nutria.
Dunlap Crushers in black, brown, cedar, oxford and
That is assortment enough to suit anybody, isn't it?
Every hat bears the union label.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
718 Market Street.First Immigrant tat Ellis Island)— Dissa
flood of immigrationa shoulda be stoppa
Second Immigrant— Yah. das is so'
Omeryga for Omerygans.— New"; York
Weekly.
BENEFIT FOE, FAMILY OF, -
I^ATB WILLIAM J. THOMAS
Entertainment to B3 Given to Aid De
,: ceased" Athlete's- Widow and
• ' Orphan. ; : t-V '
-.The former friends of ¦William J.
Thomas,' who was well kriownas'an ama
teur .boxeiv during his lifetime, jliave ar
ranged to .give a benefit for . his .widow
and orphan, baby. Thomas \ was a mem
ber of, the Olympic Club and. very .indus
trious and ' popular, and those -who knew
him • and his good qualities
wish to do something to assist his family.
' Thet benefit .wiirbe given at "California
Hall, 620 Bush street,-" to-morrow night. A
most rinteresting programme. has. been ar
ranged and there will bedanofns: after
ward. Special music, has. been '.secured.
The admission is only: 25. cents and: it in
hoped there will be a large crowd. .
TACOMA. May 2.-Ezra Meeker, 72
years old. has returned from | Dawson to
celebrate his golden weddings with llrb.
Meeker at their Puyallup home. At their
silver wedding he was a rich hop grower
and subsequently became a millionaire,
owning and operating great hop yards
about Puyallup, Humnqr, Auburn and
Kent.
Six years ago hops dropped in price and
be gradually lost his farms and business.'
After the Klondike was discovered he be;
can shipping fruit? and vegetables to
Dawson. This gave him a , start and
Judicious mining investments have again
made him financial!!' independent.
HI II rfl—Hilfll Ilillfl HTMII dlMI»li<IWIII>li<^ : ' f *
Aged Washington Man Succeeds a
Second Time in Gathering
Great Wealth-
KEBTJTLDS A FORTUNE
FOR A GOLDEN WEDDING
It in said that the construction of the
other lines Is to be undertaken by II. E.
Huctington and some of his associates In
tjie Los Angeles Railway Company. The
new company will, however, bo an en
tirely independent organization. Hunt-
Jngton is expected here to attend a direc
tors' meeting of the Los Angeles 'Railway
not later than tne 10th of this month, and
at thip meeting, the Express declares, the
enterprise above .referred to will be for-
LOS ANGELES, May 2.— According to
the Evening Express, plans are being
formulated which are expected to result
In the addition of a hundred miles or more
to the electric railway system of Los An
geles County. According to the Express,
the plans include the construction of a
road through the San Gabriel Valley as
far as Monrovia, a coast line skirting the
ocean shore and connecting Redondo.
Long Beach, Santa Monica and San Pe
dro end a line to Whittier. A cut-off Is
to lx» constructed in the line between here
and Pasadena, which will reduce the time
between the two cities to thirty minutes,
nnd a seven and a half minute service is
to be established. The quicker service to
Pasadena is expected to be in operation
inside of ninety days.
Angeles County Will Be
Benefited.
CAPITALISTS TO EXTEND
AN ELECTRIC RAILWAY
Reports of a Big Plan Whereby Los
NAPA, May 2.— The cornerstone of the
Goodman . Free' • Public Library . building
was laid this afternoon. An appropriate
ceremony. > including music, song, . prayer
and benediction, was attended by 1 a vast
throng of people mmwwtMtttiumWtiiSfctmffi^tPtt
SANTA CRUZ, May 2.— At an early hour
this morning Mrs. Isabel ' Carpenter left
her bedroom without the knowledge of her
husband, walked to' a shed In' the back
yard and hanged herself. The body was
found about 5 o'clock by the husband.
Mrs. Carpenter had slipped a bale ¦ rope
noose around her neck, attached an end to
a rafter and then jumped from the wood
pile. - - - ' ¦ . ,
The woman had been ill for some time
and was to have gone to a sanitarium at
St. Helena to-day. She was 54 years old,
and leaves, besides her husband, two
young children... ¦ ¦;-..-•' -. ¦
Mrs. Carpenter had been ,'o'nce^ In the
insane asylum at Lincoln, .Neb., and
twice in the Agnews. Asylum. Eighteen
years ago ¦ • she was thrown ••from,. • a
buggy, striking on her, head, and insanity
Is supposed to -have resulted..
cide to Terminate Suffering
From Serious Illness.
Mrs. Isabel Carpenter Commits Sui-
Original widows: Susie B. Williamson,
San Francisco, $8; Dorcaa H. Gregory,
Los Angeles, $8.
War with Spain . (original) : Wilber T.
Miner, San Francisco, $6. ¦¦'¦}>¦
Oregon— Increase: Richard M. Allen,
Oregon City, $10.
WOMAN HANGS HEESELF ;,
'IN A SANTA CRUZ SHED
Pensions Issued to-day: • California-
Original: George Brazier, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $6 ;¦> John B. Selvers
San Francisco, 56. -
Captain Moses Walton Jr.. assistant
quartermaster of volunteers at San Fran
cisco, Is ordered to report to 'the quarter
master general for Instructions.
Army orders: First Lieutenant George
S. Glbbs Jr. *of the signal corps will re
main on duty at Fort McDowell; Califor
nia, in command of the signal corps de
tachment at that post until further or
ders.' . - . .
Oregon— George Summers, Prlneville.
Appointed: California— Abraham Ganne,
Dunaway, Maripesa County, vice A. E
Helm, resigned.
WASHINGTON. D. C.,> May 2.—Post
office established: Washington— Conway,
Skagit County (re-established), Magnus
Anderson postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California
—Frank B. El wood, Alhambra; John F
Aleline, Paradise.
"Will Remain on Duty 'at Fort
McDowell. '
Lieutenant Gibbs of the Signal Corps
CF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
• OF THE PACIFIC COAST
' Reception— Mrs. Ella - Reid Harrison, hono
rary president; Miss -Annie Prances Brings,
president; Mrs. Jane G. Powers, ¦ vice presi
dent; ' Miss -Mabel Downing, treasurer; Miss
Caroline K.'Rlxford,. recording secretary; Miss
Nellie !>. Murtha, corresponding secretary;
Mrs. • Albert Gerberdlnsr, special corresponding
secretary; Miss Nelly" I* Treat, ¦ Mrs. Helen ,L.
Rey Mrs. A. Nelson Crowell, Miss Plllsbury.
Mrs! W. S. Wood, Miss Very and Miss Hitch-
Decoration— Mrs. ¦ A. . N. Crowell, Miss Annie
M. Bremer, Miss Jane McElroy and Miss Kck
ler. " ' ¦ ¦ ' : "-'¦ "¦- --••^•- ¦¦ •. •¦¦,—.
The picture exhibition is a creditable
one, though it includes no particularly
ambitious effort. Albertine Randall Whee
lan has some charming designs, a book
plate and panel among them. Annie
Frances Briggs shows some; excellent
water colors. Lucia ,K. Matthews exhib
its some of her dainty bits of . Parisian
life and Sophie M. Brannan has some very
well handled pencil sketches and also a
clever landscape, sketch in oil. Caroline
Rixford's two portraits and a poster pic
ture are very promising. works and Lilian
Vesaria's water colors, as always, show
a fine delicacy of color and clever han
dling. Bertha Stringer See shows two oil
sketches, perhaps not quite up? to. her
usual high standard: Maren Froellch has
an ambitious subject in • "The Poultry
Shop" and also a nice landscape; and Ma
bel Downing, Annie M. Bremer, J. R: Mc-
Elroy and Blanche Letcher also exhibit.
A musical programme was rendered
during the evening by Miss Cora Field.
Miss Riding, Mr. Ray and Julius Gold
that contributed much to ¦• the pleasure
of the large crowd, that enjoyed : the club's
hospitality. , ~ -
The following committees arranged the
affair: .
. The opening reception, or spring exhibi
tion, of the Sketch Club .took. place last
night at the pretty clubrooms on Califor
nia street. The occasion was a double fes
tival, a- flower fete and the spring harvest
of artistic effort. The club j was trans
formed into a small palace of' flowers,
with sweet-scented ¦ arabesaues of. haw
thorn, great garlands of roses- and 1 pop
ples, daisies, lilies, . plnks^ and. passion
flowers in their exquisite variety. " v
Flower Fete and Dis
play of Art Work ,
Combined.
SKETCH CLUB'S
SPRING EXHIBIT
Locally the first named ticket has been
styled the "regular" ticket, the second as
the "opposition" and ihose gentlemen last
named as the "field," as they are named
individually.
In regard to the pressing needs of the
association at one time for money which
could not be got President Bond said he
had advanced $20,000 hlmse'.f and that the
association still owed him that sum, to
be paid when the fruit was sold. He
thought the outlook good for a fair price
for the fifty million pounds of prunes on
hand. The president announced that an
other dividend of half a cent would be
sent out for those members who had re
ceived only half a cent a pound to date.
The tickets nominated are as follows:
President, H. G. Bond. Santa Clara; first
vice president. H. W. Meek, San Lorenzo;
directors— L. F. Graham of San Jose, W.
P. Cregin of Campbell, F. M. Woods of
West Side, A. B. Fletcher of Campbell.
J. O. Hayes of Edenvale, J. B. de Jarnct
of Colusa, Charles Forman of Los Ange
les. Thomas Jacob of Viealia and W.. E.
Woolsey of Fulton. The officers are ex
offlcio members of the board. This ticket
is the present officers and board. M. T.
Kearney of Fresno declines to serve and
J. O. Hayes Is put on in his place.'
Another ticket cor.-slsts of J. H. Henry
of San Jose, president. «nd.W. P. Lyon
W. W. Turney. H K Lord. W. M. Scott,
*. H Babbi F. N. Woods. J. L. Pendle
ton. H. L. Stevens and L. F. Graham all
of Santa Clara County. The first five
named are first choice for election. Thij
ticket is put up by Santa Clara County
growers it being conceded that tho other
six .shall go to the rest of the State •
Philo Hersey of San Jose was nominated
for president. Juliuti Koebig of Gilrov for
vice president and W. W. Montajrue of
San Francisco and E. W. Knapp of Moun
tain .View for directors.
President Bond, before taking his seat
gave a : statement of the affairs of the
association, chief of which waa that the
packers' company had not kept their
promise to provide money to meet a divi
dend as they had voluntarily agreed to
do. • Further, he said that the company
was claiming the commission on all the
prunes in the warehouses on May 1 and
that it was not entitled to this until the
fruit was sold. He said the company had
also demanded that the prunes be re
moved and if the association had no place
to put them they could be stacked out of
doors. All these demands he resisted and
he was advised that they could not be en
forced under the contract.
President Bond ruled that nothing could
properly come before the convention until
the roll had been called. It took until
1:15 o'clock in the afternoon to do this
without any recess. At that hour recess
was taken until 2 p.m. It was then an
nounced that only 360 members had re
sponded to their names, but the president
ruled that he would not hold strictly to
the by-laws, which seemed to require a
majority of all the members present, and
that nominations could . be made. All
names regularly nominated, he said,
would be submitted to the annual meet
ing. . .- . ¦ •
SAN JOSE, May 2.— The nominating con
vention of the California Cured. Fruit As
sociation this afternoon made nominations
of tickets which shall go before the an
nual meeting of members, June 5, from
which directors and officers are to be
elected. There was considerable .parlia
mentary skirmishing during the forenoon
to abolish the roll call, as It appeared that
there was not a majority of the 3707 mem
bers present.
President Bond Criticizes
Packers at San
Jose.
FRUIT GROWERS
IN CONFERENCE
Mr. Hyde died on May 2, 1899. Dr. Ed
ward W. Lambert, Henry G. Marquand,
J. F. de Navarro and Thomas S. Young,
the only four men living who were dlrect
crs at the formation of the society in
1S59, were present.
Before the unveiling the guests of the
Equitable Society were "entertained at a
luncheon in the directors' room, at which
a eulogy of Mr. Hyde was delivered by
Senator Chauncey M. Depew, who was his
associate in business affairs and one . of
his most Intimate friends. Brief addresses
¦were made by James W. Alexander, presi
dent of the Equitable Society, and one or
two other prominent men.
NEW TORK, May 2. — In the rotunda of
the EQuitablo building, 120 Broadway,
this afternoon a life-size bronze statue of
the late Henry Baldwin Hyde, founder of
the Equitable Life Assurance Society and
for twenty-eight years its president, was
unveiled. The statue is the work of J. Q.
A. Ward. It represents Mr. Hyde in the
full vigor of manhood. It was modeled in
Mr. Ward's studio in West Fifty-second
street and was cast by the Henry Bon
r.ard Bronze Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Statue of Equitable Life
Society's Founder Is
Unveiled.
FIGURE OF HYDE
CAST IN BRONZE
FLAGS on the transport wharf
were half-masted yesterday out
of respect to the memory of the
late A. Bussell, quartermaster's
purveyor, who died yesterday
morning. Saturday last Mr. Bussell was
attending to his duties as usuaL On. Sun
day he complained of a slight cold. The
family physician was called In and he at
once ordered the patient to bed, saying
he was suffering from pneumonia. Mr.
Bussell gradually grew worse and yester
day morning at 8:20 o'clock he died.
Mr. Bussell was probably one of the best
known stewards on the Pacific Coast. He
•was for years in the employ of the Pa-
The deceased was 48 years old. The re
mains will be embalmed and the funeral
will not take place until Mrs. Bussell gets
home.
"Wednesday she was telegraphed to, but
was on a visit to Newport and did not
receive the message until she grot back to
New York, yesterday. She at once wired
for information and was informed that
her husband was dead.
dflc Mall Steamship Company and at one
time was chief steward of the Rio de
Janeiro. Later he was promoted to the
position of port steward for the Mail
Company, but left that position to go as
chief steward of the army transport War
ren. From the Warren he was promoted
to be port steward and later vras made
quartermaster's purveyor. The news of
his sudden death came as a great shock
to everybody in the transport service.
Mr. Bussell's youngest daughter was the
only one of his family with him when he
died. Some months agro his ' wife and
oldest daughter went- on a visit to Eu
rope. The daughter remained in England
•with her grandmother and Mrs. Bussell
reached New York a couple of days ago
on her way home.
THE LATE QUARTERMASTER'S
PURVEYOR OP TRANSPORT SER
VICE. WHO DIED SUDDENLY.
Gould Line to Enter Plttsburg.
There is another serious side to. the flght. The
Pennsylvania has been trying to prevent the
entrance of the Gould lines into Pittsburg. A
recent dispatch from that citv stated that the
Wheeling and Lake Erie would not be so ex
tended, but that the Pennsylvania would allow
Mr. Gould favorable trackage rights over the
Baltimore and Ohio. . • :
It is officially stated to-day that, this offer
will not be accepted, but the Wheeling road
will be extended into Plttsburg as raoidly as
possible. This will, directly benefit both the
Wabash and the Missouri Pacific, giving them
a large steel and Iron tonnage. Mr. Carnegie,
before selling out to the steel trust, made a
contract to deliver a vast amount of his ton
nage, aggregating more than one million tons a
year, to the Wheeling road. Mr. Carnegie was
himself to build an Independent line to tide
water, presumably Baltimore. He is understood
to have made an offer for the. Western Mary
land road. Now, it is asserted, Mr. Gould in
tends to carry out some such plan in order to
prepare for any fight that he may have wlthtthe
Pennsylvania and Vanderbllt people.'
Mr. Gould has further irritated William K.
Vanderbllt by planning an extension to the
"Wheeling road to the vicinity of Cleveland.
When the new link of the Wabash in Northern
Indiana and Ohio is built the Gould system will
have a direct line from Cleveland to Chicago,
paralleling the Lake Shore all the way.
Flans Made- Tears Ago.
Mr. Gould's plans, are furthered by the back-
Ing of Mr. Harrlman and Stuyvesant Fish, who
are the leading factors In the Illinois Central.
The Illinois Central has a direct line from Chi
cago to Sioux City and Omaha, furnishing a
connection with the Union Pacific at the latter
point.
Several persons recalled to-day the surprise
that was expressed two years • ago when the
Illinois Central announced its intention to build
into Omaha, It was thought at that time that
the Illinois Central,- a Harriman road would
sooner or later supplant the Northwestern as
the eastern outlet of the Union Pacific's north
ern division, while the Missouri Pacific is the
outlet for the Kansas division of the Union Pa
cific. If the Gould and Harriman faction win
the contest for the control of the Union Pacific,
the plans referred to two years ago would seem
to be prophetic and It would appear that
Messrs. Gould and Harriman began mapping
out their great scheme a long time ago. ,
need of standing shoulder. to shoulder as they
have to-day. It is believed they are acting in
close harmony in the matter of the control of
Union Pacific and Atchison.
If the enormous buying of Union Pacific has
secured control of that property in the Interests
pf the Northwestern. . New Tork Central and.
perhaps, St. Paul, there is no necessity for con
trolling the Atchison, but If the Union Pacific
has been lost to Gould and Harriman the heavy
accumulation of Atchison to-day would Indicate
that that company is needed as an outlet to the
Pennsylvania and Vanderbilt lines.
NEW YORK, May 2.— The Commercial
Advertiser says:
Friends of E. H. Harrlman assert with much
confidence to-day that the syndicate of which
he is the head has not lost control of the Union
Pacific Railroad. This claim Is significant, be
cause persons closely identified with'the Harrl
man syndicate have repeatedly declared within
the past three days that they could not tell
anything . about the situation. The confidence
manifested by Mr. Harriman's friends to-day is
baaed largely on the supposition that In the
competitive buying of last Tuesday the Gould
and Harrlman - Interest secured enough of the
Union Pacific shares to restore their holdings
to the majority point. -
Discussing' the Union Pacific situation,
the Mall and Express has the following: .
From the current tremendous market move
ments in - Union Pacific and AtcKUon — big: ad
vances occurring in each to-aay — It became clear
that a fight Is going on between great money
interests over the establishment of transconti
nental systems.
It now appears that this fight centers around
the plans of George J. Gould and J3. H. Harrl
man to establish a vast network of roads from
the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean, and William
K. Vanderbilt and the Pennsylvania Railroad
people, seeing what was up, have made up their
I minds to frustrate them. . ...
With the Gould and Harrlman people on the
one hand are said to be Kuhn, Loeb & Co., who
are identified with the Union Paelfla manage
ment, while Mr. Morgan Is believed to have
lent his influence to the Vanderbilt and Penn
sylvania forces. The Rockefellers, who are
identified with Mr. Gould in the Southwestern
deal, are said to have stood aloof from the
Union Pacific Incident, and to have done noth
ing which could be criticised by Mr. Morgan,
with whom they are associated in many affairs.
Pennsylvania Buys Atchlson. /
Continuing, the Mail and Express says:
Following the discovery that Gould and Harrl
man wanted to control the Union Pacific, carry
ing with it the Southern Pacific, it became
plain that the Missouri Pacific and Illinois Cen
tral might be substituted for the Chicago and
Northwestern as the Eastern connection of the
Union Pacific, thereby greatly injuring the Van
derbilt position in the West.
In order to protect the Northwestern and New
Tork Central ¦William K. Vanderbllt started to
accumulate a large amount of Union Pacific,
and Gould and Harriman, learning pf this, also
bought enormous quantities of this stock.
Meanwhile the Pennsylvania, having lost the
Burlington to the Northern Pacific and Great
Northern, also had to fix up its "Western fences.
It bought large quantities " or Atchison. This
road gives a through line to San Francisco out
of Chicago. Good authorities assert that the
Pennsylvania began buying Atchison stock
many months ago, but did not think. it was
to get enough' stock to exercise con
trol. If need be, until the Gould and Burlington
deals develop.
Now, it is, asserted, both the New Tork Cen
tral and the Pennsylvania, which entered into
a close alliance two years ago. never had such
More Interesting Grows Giant
Conflict Between Gould
and Vanderbilt.
Battle in Open Market
to Control Western
Outlets.
RAILWAY KINGS
AND THEIR WAR
THE SAN FRAKC1SCO CAL£, FRIDAY, MAT 3, 1901.,
United States Transport Service Loses a
Valued Employe by Demise From Pneu
monia of the Quartermaster's Purveyor
A. BUSSELL IS SUDDENLY
SUMMONED BY DEATH
5
j: The Friday MaHtUfS&Bmya&a ffd& Merits Your
i and Saturday %JfM9J&Mi BBB&g WUP&BM& Attention.
x — - 1 - — - — — .'..'. — ¦ L — — — '¦ — — : ; ' — : — ; ;
i Embroideries, Men's Pants and Suits 50c Suitings
| 9c. and Boys' Suits 0MpmM
g .Aiione pHcc for^ooo yaJ ds/of_finc At a Little More Than Half Actual Values. We r oWc J " othc . r of OQ1 'P 0^ P rcss
jf Embroidcnes, Insertions and Edg- . - • , r . troods bargains to-day (Fndav")
Jf . ings; worth from 1 2 to, 20c per | These astonishing price-promises will be .lived- up" to by us until closing on i y . About gooyards of plain and
Jk* yard. 7 The patterns are all up-to- time to-morrow (Saturday) night: S?£?§ . mixcd all-wool Suitings and about*
Jf ; date. These are first-class goods, ' . - Men's .$5.00 Pants $2.68 — About 3°° y«"ds of black and navy mo-
JC made on nainsook cloth; not a poor jQ%" /SSS&S. ~ aoopairsof these men's fine worsted hair; all regular 50c values; at a price
%f -pattern nor defective piece in the en- ! ** «r> A vSr^J ; trousen, bought from the mantifacturcr vho ' which should clear this limited quan-
J» tire, lot; the special saleprice g* ¦¦' J - •&• ¦¦' ¦- i^ yV ' needed the money; the patterm include neat tity before noon ; per yard &Qf*
£ to-day f Friday)only ; per yard %JG : ; ' JC]i. ' JmMfcs> Ifi? * nd mixtures « l n * v * riety ******* x - '
2^ sneniai Safe A vS\l i\ ' - ill WWA with 8ilk « the i********* *5-°° of Special Sales
t ChUdrl^s Suits, '/\Mb^^^^^-^!r."' 02.GS Dresses-Waists.
J' e-yv Children's Woolen Col. X J \ |y ftrt |^§^ M«n f S ' $I2iO Sflils $W8— These $2 0.0 0 Tai'or
* >*S^fei ored . x -.P|« e s , uit8 j -** 1 "- -\ \ JM<^L "^^ are all-wool blue or black SCItCS, Drew $7- 95- As- JAW
S NlSw^'v^'filS./'t^li'S-' \ h YnJ/^^ • li f«t colon; tie .uits are cut in the - verted lot cf new .1«||
%t V IwwLy tJlIS reason a cut and style' y I ,\ / 1 A\ II- ¦ ' ., < • A n., BM -_j - _„_»,,_ . L»Z>
\S t^ft • for aces 6 to i± vears 5 X^ / K'aLJLJvJ \ htre no trouble la getting t proper fit; rcru- Dresses and » number JSL
mf vtiKMizSrl y <Ertf ye / / / 1/ l^ l\ /......-»- « 2O .oo Dresses— »'l at / J\\ ii\
K lp s! " &1*MO ' /LA 1 '" Boys' $4^0 Dvssiau Blcvsc Sans Sns price, to-day «nd VV^iK
«[ l/H&m Children'i Woolen Col- I// If # «,>«/ \l ' $2.98 Mads from all-wool b'ue to-morrow only..... y^^V'
K //< : 1Xpj\ ° re - d flM , Suitt ? / / / /' U'W VI cherot, in an .Jl-the-year-rouad weight, &7.SS / \
S /rU^^K " l » lll » 8t « tl o n iy oke * nd •¦¦¦//¦ • \\ m /L— - handsomely braided eolar. and embroidered J?,* "* / \
S'/#Vr*#V<\?? t r b^ defl T? 7*4 • B***^ ihield8,p.tentkttherbelti,rxe.forboyi*-i JlUtratans ixtr*. \
| \$.\ '/llW'^W ? k ™J h '-> /«.» (^y . . Jl -. ¦ / . I _ to6y«rs; regu.r value |£A Q-J $1.00 Vrappert, 59c- / \\
S JLlJ •;:y t > r • nd ; madc m ¦*"• VU/^Uife. / jl # 54.SO;i-ed»lfbr»dav. 4^^f.S#O Percale and Ln- / \\
J ¦-.. MM . 1 to : day;«nd.-S«tur- /g *&°^ «¦ Boys J5.00 Suits $3.75 — Friday . / \\
% M W -¦--• d -y | " y lKe > 6 . . . . • V tnd Saturday only, choice of our en- ,; 2M and lined waisti : / / ) \\
«f (•%/& 0 *\\Kf . to . J 4 <C9 B/l ' " t * re ttoc ' c °^ i«5.oo knee pants a p'ece resralarlY £i oo • to- J 1 I \\
y •••.. \J. :..'...'. ...9mm9%M. ««:*• for boys 9 to 1 6 years of age, at OffO'lftfaf* *©!• Off; cheriots «nd cassimer.n d * and to-morrow (A / V
tf . ¦ ¦ :— — ¦'. ' . ,, ' n : new iprinit pattens; absolutely aH-wool material»;Hhi« oflFcr bcludes .'4*0* mm~ oaly JL / J
S-'i " ¦ LadifSS 1 !. .-.Collar "¦ : * .- celebrated^.Reciprocity Suits; fcr the two days these J5. 00 suits, %p3i7& HHf* "*
K and Guff Sale* B °y s> . $7<S0 , Suits $4-95— These are long pants 3-piece suits, made of all-wool
\) 30b dozen "'of these . '¦___ __v... '. • cassimeres and cheviots, in blue and fancy mixtures; you will find them well- Trimmed HatS
H best quaity 1a- ' • ' V 3gf" ~?^v made, nicely trimmed and perfect fitting and fully worth the regular price of '^'jm'g%^ ¦ ¦
£ Linen Col- /^^-Tv^r 0 -^ 1^ ' v - 'pecial for two days OVj°5 tf^af? 4$* "i fftl ffl &3
j£ lars and Cuffi; -pW^|L^j.; '• \ .. "'".". .'.'' ' - -— — — ' ~ ' ' ' ; 3 %9 m%3%J y mf? 3 9J> 'a QJ >3Jf
H * in eight differ- ikiij'- ¦'£%)' '' ~" ' ' M MTw)' ' ML ' mV*~ W •vrfr'Tt!? For to-day and to-
j! ent and deira- ¦¦'""^raL CrSWIGf fl6#l9f7<9fll &^/6f JwW$ w™"^™
S> b'e styles; in all ' J ~ ¦ /r« i * ==:5^^ i Wr«/ rea^y '* cm our
*t nzes from xzx &^^L*.i : 7 W\ Our splendid carpet trade of the last few months has j&^Si^ c "1gW% own wo 'k-ocm
I ' im £ " V AWrW Produced a very large accumulation of short lengths of all J^^^» i-Sfi'S
*» #u iari y i a^c \ \^m ¦ kinds of carbeHng, ranging from 1 5 to 60 vards each. To B^S^^I? i« S eiotofnew
K "otth th re g u'a U rT; \W close 1}lem out at . <™» P™** haV3 been reduced 25 per cent, J&iiT,*
i ny z c per pair; . '. and the sale which began Monday will continue until clos- *%^'*W' Th«ewere.« P e.
K ing Me to-morrow night. § ; " ¦ : ¦ \ / gj« J^
j^ Collars .5g OtHGh 'ngralh Carpets— Worth 50c per yard, now Axminsttr Carpti — Rich, deep pile Carpet?, xpZ&si priced; our own
If ' : , . ; .", ' ¦ " ., ¦ :. ! ...... :.\... 37 l /iO bcrdsrs to match ; Persian, Orinta' and floral '¦ choree creaton;
*>* GrOCBMGSj LttjUOrSm Wilton ¦¦ Velvet- Carpeil—A11-wool, beautiful effects; worth 51.40 per yard, now. $f 05 aU the stye of
Jf Corn Meal— Best Eastern, yellow, 1 o-lb. sacks; and effective deigns ; worth 1 1.15 p;r yard, Extra Quality Tapestry — Worth $1.00 nr hats twice the
K regu'arly 15c; to-day ;..¦.;."..;.;;.;. 20O now -«- .:.- . r O4C pH, now. .....75o P ricc » Friday, and Saturday only..*
K Oysters— Best cove; regularly ioc' a tin; to- Tapes'ry. Brusseli— Worth 60 cents per yard, Body Brussels— A heavy, durable, $l.4.oa yard $6'5O and $1O
S day only, 3 tins 25o row - 4&B quility, with borders to match, now. $f.Q5 $1.25, $1.50 Panama Hats, 98c— Two »tyles;
M^^WW % Ae fiDCSt &$< 0/ Pulv C nzed_cork and linseed oil, tZ£J*V^*2?^£%
$ .R-ce-Fancy y ja P^ 5 to-7ay, 5 lW.i;v'. ; 250 . , wc11 scasoncd > j n a Iar g« assortment ot handsome tiled patterns; Bg% and '$1-505 to-day and t£™£r* *
i\ Shredded/Cocoanut-Shepp's ; regularly • ?« square^yard. , J -J.\ . . . ..* .......-....:............ %*UU row »©C
* 18c alb; to-day, 2 lbs... .....25o ? We. have in stock a large assortment ofWilton Dujs, in jnany different styles and /)/-,,.««» 1-9^
J Choice Pink Beans - 10 .7 beautiful color effects— some of the prettiest patterns that we have ever seen "', p^Mk • •
» Cafornla Cream Cheese— Best quality; leeu- • • wu n • v l. cr * - 11 1 • . cv ." sccn 300 pretty gilt Photograph Albums, in arnscc
i\ . larly 15c lb; to-dav only, a lb. . . .-. ;.25b ¦ V'™r?°?. RugS ~ wh - lch - WC ° ffef « ce P tIonaU y ?OW prices. ' „*„ / tbc iK for No. z Bu"-<rye or 3^r
Zlttfandol Gtai*Ot — A choree table -"~- -¦¦ • .. ~~ ¦ : — '' ~ ~~ l% Koiak pictu es ; albums that were never
I -w^jjg $1.5O SMrts, || Special Sale : ££££££;,%ZJ oei 17c
J Jockey Club Whiskey-Another of the brands • • f IZ ¦ Children's HOSQ. W-f--,.- itt n-9
* poplar in this market at a- greatly reduced %& t * II %Jt „..,,, ¦ - .... ... ¦ VW #*i S3&Gr & i . & 7,
JC pricej Ji.oo a botd-j to-dav only W e wiU take 'aU of our $l. S o Stff Bosom , S ' , ** 7^ «=. Hieh erad- 6m
K ............ .:.....:.::.....V800 Shirts; every one of them thjs Spring's make; '^ Maco cotton, f.st b'ack ho £ e; do^le ?J ,?• c^e.
* Purltas Ginger Ale— Regularly $ij 5 per J n the latest coloring and the most up-to-date knees, heels and so'es; very sighty and <?urable j 1 • I^3D^J 4 Wringer —not
¦y — dozen; .to- day. only. $1.2O patterns, and place them on special sale stockmgs; on special sale for two davn, Friday U rg t jj e fj,.,- -j,^
g Men's Fleece Lined !^!!^.?.??-il.W :.p.iS^Ur r .^. Mo J^S ; |
S Underwear, 47c. ~~^ • ¦• . ¦.;. -. ; . ¦. , \ ; ~ ~ : — TOteT^^^^v ¦ tufc f an^ ! > 7 11 -
J made garments; worth in' the regular way OuniOS H P^^ll^— *^"jl <* "Sty ming ; I o-inch rubber ro^Vr^uLr p"rke
g-. 75= -ach; at the very sp.c.al pr.ee -_ • on lecond --W'. - OoMcn TCWie WtSwJT.S* »¦». . ¦ OoHOy $i | o ' ; on special sae F.i'ay _ _
t£ pergarment floor— free. CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE island" on? ......;„. $1.67
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•l Steamers leave Broadway
1^. . wharf, San Francisco:
HB!>a.- . For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
|«|9g8L Mav !• G - ". 16. 21, 28, 31.
¦jBS*C^fflH*« June 5. Change to company's
I B*& PsZSVya steamers at Seattle.
j B^aSI^B "Bra. For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
B»6\^Wra1 C.). Port Townsend. Seattle,
I t ' racon 13 . Everett. Anacortes
an( j xew Whatcom (Wash.)—
¦*l 11 a. m.. May 1. 6, 11. IS, 21.
26. 31, June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Chang* at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.. May
3, 8, 13, 18, 23, 28, June 2, and every fifth day
thereafter. • • . - - '.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.;
steamer. Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Pert Harford «San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and ¦ Newport—
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta,- -Tuesdays, 9 a. m. ¦
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, - Lan Paz. Santa. Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. ¦
For further .Information obtain company's
folders.
The comuany reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. . •
TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ; . • .
GOODALL., PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Ai?ts.,
¦10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
K PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all r*»i' «i» »«*e»»i»»«M»> and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails May 3
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails. May 8
. . D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent,
, ¦¦¦'..¦: • 1 Montgomery St.. S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
MEW Y05K. SOUTH »MPT02*. LO'DOH. PARIS.
' Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m. . i
St Louis.. ....... May 15 1 St. Paul June 1!>
St. Paul May 2"» St. Louis June 26
St. Louis June 51 St. Paul July 10
RED STAR LINE.
- New York and" Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark ..May 13 Zeeland .June S
Pennland .... May 22 Friesland ..June 13
Kensington May 29 Southwark June 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION. COMPANY
' CHAS. I>. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific CoasC 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R.R.S^T
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. . $40.
S.S. Argyll sails Saturday, May II
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, . dune 3
S.' 8. Argyll 'sails Monday. June 24
From Fremont-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPAGNIE • G5XEBALS TKAN3 ATLANTIQTJS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - Alh -
Saillng every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at . 10 a. m., from Pier = 42. • Aisf W*
North River, foot of Morton. street. First class
to Havre, Joo and upward. Second class to
Havre, 145 and .upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR •¦ UNITKD STATES, and CANADA. 32
Broadway. (Hudson building). New: York; j'f
FUGAZI& CO., Pacific Coast Agent*. 6 Mont-
romery avenue,. San Francisco." Tickets sold by
"all Railroad Ticket, A renta.'.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. \ .
COAL, COKE AND PI3 IRON.
1 T WII R Cl\ 900 Battery Street.'
J.L- ffiLjUn a WU-. Telephone Main 1S64.
. COPPERSMITH.
C VJ CMITH sh 'P Flumblng, Steamboat and
V«TT» Ol'HIII, Ship Work a upedalty. • IS and
18 Washington at. Telephone Main £641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RfiYFS#f(l Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- DUIEJtt CU- clay. Tel. Mala 1294.
' OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
-.' '. -/. PRINTING. ¦¦'". ; ,- ; - ¦¦ ¦
EC HflfiRPC PRINTER.
V miUDM, Sll Sansome »t.. 8. F.
' . PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., .
..'•»• 83 First Street. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. "
»06 Caiyrornia PABTRID6E 10
¦IHh VIM, VIGOR. VITALI TY for MEN
mm^T^'wL. MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
flA have been in use over fifty
JKRHrntAaHA years by the leaders of the
flBfflftgJWWI Mormon Church and their fol-
¦BalapKSnfflH lowers. Positively cure the
KtltiKvRraB worst cases in old and young
¦BL «bkV Swb arising from effects of self-
\5mS$!)E*iS abuse, dissipation, excesses or
*BhUJm|0E : cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
; Power, Night Losses, Insom- '
nla. Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltnesa to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, w Verlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne f^ Km rvous • Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects jJi, J^l.a. re- Immediate.
Impart vigor and CK»x» potency to every
function.*' Don't get despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped, organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for & 50 by mall. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes.- Cir-
culars free. ' Address BISHOP, REMEDY Co..
40 Ellis -st.', San Francisco, Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third st. .
'ft I f"P y n Oil 1 I - Corner Fourth and
I ALL UllVnl Market. S. F. Try
I II rP fill I 111 our Special Brew.
¦ 'V ; -. . . ¦:'¦¦ valises checked free.
OCEAN TBAVEL •
111 t ialHCr^ ZEALAND and SYOKEY,
VV VUlll V V'V'VV' D | RE o( LINE TO TAHITI
SS/ ¦¦- SIERRA : fvla Honolulu) . for Samba,'
. New Zealand and. Australia
." ' ....'.:. ...¦.;..'.... Thursday, •¦:May .^, 10 ,a. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)......'...;...
.........."....¦.....¦.Saturday, May IS," 2 . p. - m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
: • '. .....::: .."."..Sunday, "June 30, at 4 p.m.
I O.SPRECKELS & BROS: CO., Genera! Agsnts, 327 Market St
Swi'l Passenjar Office, 6<3 Market St.. Pisr In. 7, Pacifis St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
W n A CIA SUD AWER1C4NA V?E VAPO*«F,^
,-To '.Valparaiso, stopping 'at f Mexican," > Central
and- South- American', ports.'- Sailing- Fremont-
street ' Wharf/ 12 m, V ¦•-*¦:•' ¦ . , •¦ • -..-•¦
PERU ...."....."..May 3IPALENA : ..May 30
GUATEMALA.;.May 15' LOA ...:.. .:.:.,.June 12
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South.. American -passenger -service. (No
change at>Acapulcoor Panama.) 'iFreiKht and
passenger office, 316 California street. ' ¦..: f
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. '
v; f, . OCEAN TxtAVEL.
Pacific. Coast .Steamship Co.
ra NOME
, GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's Xew
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome la»*.
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing: all her passenprera and freight without
loss,' mishap or. material delay.
For passensrer rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montcomery street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
jt_y- W Market strest.
NOR#RN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
For Nome
And St. Michael.
' Sailing Dates Approximate Only.
I From San Francisco: From Seattle:
•"Dora" May 1 May 7. '
i "Conemaujth" ..May 23 June 10.
"Portland" May 25 .*.
"St. Paul"... June 1 June 8.
•"Dora" will sail via Juneau, Valdez. Kodlak.
Unga and Unalaska.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
tfCORTIIERIC COMMERCIAL CO..
' •':/:¦': 510 Sansoma st.. San Francisco.
I; ,''.* \ Passenger and Freight Str. SI
"JOHN S. KIMBALL." • . SX
TE1LSR.S0L0TNIN BAT.PO^T CLASSICS W
RAILS MAT ;Cth. &[
CONKL.IN & CO.. «67 Market ?:. Wi
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS -TILL LEAVE *VHARF. COR-
ner* First and Brannan streets, at t p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnz at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai 2nd con-
necting st Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing. ,
SS. NIPPON" MARL*. Friday. May 3 1901
SS. AMERICA MA RU.. Wednesday. May 23. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU.Saturdav. June 22. l!Wl
j ' R^md-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freiV.it and passage, apply at company's office.
•421 Market street, corner First. , "
>W. H. A VERY. General Ayent.
BAY AND BIVER STSAMERS.
FonTFlim^AnFlS^^T^
' Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.i TUES.. WED.. THURS. " AND BAT.
it 9:45 a. tn.. 3:15. S:20 p. m. (except" Thurs-
da^ night): Fridays^ 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays.
10:30. a. m., 8 p. m. Landing and offlce. Ml»- .
8lon-st. Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Main 1S08.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
the emporium:.
THE ¦ EMPOBTCrM..-WASHINGTON; -. May . ' 2.— Arlington—
William Loewy,- Mrs.'' Loewy, Miss Loewy,
San. Francisco; V "• .
'Rebuked -by the King.
The King of Italy, himself a very early
riser, walked into the office • of the . ad
ministration . of • the royal household the
other morning at 8 o'clock and found only
a scrubwoman at "work. He ,'asked /the
first clerk, who arrived at 9:30,. when the
other clerks were due. : ."We are all due
at-8. your, Majesty." : "Ah, and it is now
9:30," remarked the -King .quietly.lv Since
then -there has not been a case of tardi
ness.— Chicago Journal. ," ' '-". \ s .
:¦¦::¦?¦—- ¦ » •» ' ' " •.
. SUMMER RATES Jat ' Hotel del Coronado. :
Coronado : Beach.. CaL.- effective after^ April-; 15.
$£0 ] for." round i trip." including ; 15 days at .- hotel.
% Pacific Coast S. S." Co.,' 4 New Montgomery st.
CALIFOIINIANS IN WASHINGTON
C AiLIFOBNIANS IN NEW .YORK
NEW YORK, May 2. — San Francisco—;
S.- J. Ackerman is at the Hoffman; ' Mrs."
C. Holloran is at the Grand Union; J. B.-
Luther and.W. J. Slderaan are at the Hoff
man; Miss Wilson is at the Holland; Miss
Martinis at the Gerard; J. F. Murray
at the Herald Square ;^R. H. Perry ia at
the St. Cloud. ,-.: ,/ '".,.. '.-.. ' ".
THE SCIENCE OP WEATHER;
U NDER the title "Climat" there has been es-"
taWished a new Russian scientific journal,"
published in four languages—Russian,
French, English and Gernlati— devoted to "the collec
tion and -dissemination of information concerning
vveather and climate. Application has been made, by
the editors to the central weather offices of all coun
tries 1 for their daily .synoptic ; charts, so" ;that ample
data can be obtained for all: calculations; The con
tributors includemany ot" the most eminent scientists
in Europe and America, and the venture promises to
be one of great benefit to all students of meteorolbg-//
In'the first. number of the paper, which has just been
received,- the, editor,, after announcing that a large'
numberof men 'of; science will assist' him in the .work,',
adds: "It would be premature to hazard a conjecture
as. to what department of science will furnish the dis
coverer of the law of the atmosphere. 1 We trust, how
ever, that' the interest; in positive science, common to
us all, : will assure us the zealous co-operation which
we'desire." - - . "'.,:. ..•.¦'-.-¦ ¦ ¦ '" ' • ~. t: :' :
The periodical is to appear twice a month and is an"
exeeHent example of Russian "periodical 'literature. v . 'It"
is , amply, illustrated 'with -^charts and "gives a /fairly
comprehensive review of -.weather and climatic coti
(titidns and phenomena it; all the principal partsVqf.the
globe. -The editor is Nicholas Demchinsky, arid the
place of publication is Stl: Petersburg.' , " •'•
.-,.¦¦-¦ " ¦ ¦ .-¦¦-¦ ¦ -
A city election in Frederick a few days ago gave
the first test to the new election law of Maryland,- and^
«t: was found the illiterates managed to vote, about
as regularly as ever. A report says illiterate Demo
crats were told by their party leaders to look for a
word with an o in it, and Republican illiterates were
told to look for aiword with the letter p. The in
structions were followed and it is believed every illit
erate voted a straight ticket -. ' . ' ¦¦ ¦'.¦. .-¦' •
The" San Jose Sheriff undoubtedly" had a pleasant
journey in bringing back another Dunham "suspect"
from the East, but the public -should be spared th;
task of paying the bills. Perhaps'it would be 3 " cheaper
in the end for San Jose to establish Dunham museums
with elaborate exhibits in all the large, cities of the
country. This scheme might make identification re
liable: . -r:;- . '. ?<<£'¦ - ¦¦¦-=¦'¦ : ! /. ;/ .
Arkansas has imposed a tax upon "men who patron
ize saloons as well as upon the^ saloons; and now a
citizen of that State cannot get a drink unless he can.
show a certificate to the effect that he has paid $5'fcr'
the privilege. Strangers in the State are treated like
home folks, and an impression prevails that Arkansas
h trying to absorb all the. money in'the country. -*
The Sultan is said to have sent a -"sharp' note" to
Bulgaria demanding the immediate "dissolution of 'the
Macedonian Committee in that.country; but as it :s
well known the powers will not let the Sultan go to
war, the tone of the note, despite its sharpness, will
sound too flat to be regarded as; an ultimatum.
President McKinley will soon;: know., in delightful
experience what it means'tocair,'Caljfornia. the land
of, fruits and flowers. The State wilLpresent to 'him :
enc continuous festival of nat"ure's*bes't' gifts.-
The young gentlemen of the University of Califor
nia who see much fun in lampooning and caricaturing
their professors may find at examination time . that
there 'arc two sides to the laugh-
POLITICS IN; THE SOUTH.
"T .TT. THILE" throughout the North and West the
\/\/: ¦ c^ irr ! en^ s °f politics are. moving slowly and
' *v T Y: / Svithout '. any sign of disturbance, in the
Stouth i Jbtey.iare.yhijlingiin eddiesj/so.ihat it is diffi
cult to -determine exactly • in ,. what direction -public
sentiment- is tending/ The movements; in ••¦ various
States to disfranchise the negroes by one method or
another show that the Bourbons are still' dominant
and active; but, on the other hand, the increasing fre
quency and force of protests against Bryanism. that
come from all sections of the Southern States give
promise of the beginnings of a movement which in
the end will divide the Southern people upon natural
political; luies and put an end to the old domination
which has been so injurious to .the South and so per
nicious to the nation. ... . .: ." ? -:— -
.. f Among- the 'men ; who have been 'outspoken in 'pro
testing, against- Bryanism and Bourbonism Senator
McLaurin stands easily first. Notwithstanding the
fact that, his office is at stake he has .boldly broken
away -from the Bourbons and has put himself at the
head of a liberal .movement. It is characteristic ; of
the man and of the State in which he -lives . that in
opposing Boujbonism he declares he is advocating no
new creed, but is really upholding the best 'traditions
of the statesmanship of South. Carolina against men
who" are' seeking to introduce raidicalism arid innbva-'
fion. "* "*''•:'•; - ..: ' '¦• . '
•••In a recent speech at. Gharlotte,- before the.Manu
facturers' ; - Club of - • North Carolina - - McLaurin
commenting- upon -tha.-follies of. the dominant ele
nitntsin the Democratic' party as exhibited in theiast
campaign, said: • "Fuirdamental -principles were'' lost
sight of, and in an insane effort to secure party suc
cess at any cost the attempt was . made to combine
socialism", Populism" and" sectionalism, • with nothing
bi't'the sentiment and traditions of Democracy. \ The
real Democratic; leaders: in the-; Senate; for -the past
three years Jiave been Allen,- Teiler and Pettigrew, all
of them able men, but one a Populist, one a high tariff
Republican; and the. "other I know 4 not what. * *'y *
To : sow. discontent withindustrial conditions and dis
t?rst of. the governing power; to.array class! against '''
class, in the hope of , securing, fancied social and In
dustrial equality, is to my mind the firsfstep in revo
lution. The South is the American end of America/]
In no. section is there sb small a foreign, element,. so
much conservatism, and so pure a patriotism. r ;,What.
a political .paradox, then, it is for. our people to be
the, allies of professed revolutionists elsewhere." -
'•/Passing, from the review of the follies' of leaders
that have made the conservative South , an ; - ally and
supporter . of .the agitations of reckless •demagogues
of all shades of opinion to a consideration of what
the, South needs he emphasized the importance\of
breaking away from the "new Democracy." and ; re
turning to public policies that tend to promote :in
dustry "and /to ; assure harmony- among all . classes of
citizens". "We are,", he said, "no -longer a purely
The latest scheme of the Board of: Education to
supplant merit by. favoritism in ¦ the election of 'teach-,
ers suggests, that his . Highness the Mayor is more
deeply concerned in ! the manipulation of political
'"bugs". than. in the education of the children of the
city. * •'?¦-,- -•
ANSWEPS TO OUFRTES
TO CORRESPONDENTS.— Answers to fjaertwii
sent to this department are sent in as soon as
obtained and they appear In print In the order
that they are turned In. as space -will peraitt.
Questions are easily asked, but answers ara
not easily obtained In every instance, so ,ii
correflpondents do not see the answer two or
three days after they send In the queTy they
should not feel disappointed. - - ¦•' ¦ :
INTERLOCUTORY DECREE— R. It;
M., City. In law ah, interlocutory decree
is" one that Is not final or definite, but
merely a step <n a suit or action.
DIVORCE LATV-M.' Z.. Oakland. Cat
None of the several bills on the subject
of divorce Introduced at the last held ses
sion of the Legislature became a law.
PCHOOLS-E. M. T.. Oakland. For po
sitions in the schools In the Philippines:
communicate' with'th" Superintendent rt
Public Instruction at Manila, P. I. .
THOMAS F. GRAHAM— G. S.. CUv.
Thomas F. Graham was not a candidate
for the office of SuDerior Judgre at th*»
election held In San Francisco In 1S9S but
he ran for the office of Police Judge.
VIOLIN MAKER-Subscriber. Gonzales
Cal. Jacob Stainer. the violin maker. wa«i
born July 21, 1R21, In Absom. Tvrol and
died there In 1683. He made violins in th«.
place of his birth, and In 1838 was j£
pointed violin maker to the imperial cojart.
NONE AT REDDING— Subscriber Corn
ins, Cal. There ia no National Guard or
ganization In Redding- at present. Com
pany H of the Second Brigade, formerlv
located at that place. i a now located in
Placervllle.
THE OHIO SOCIETY— H. S. C. Wil
liams. Cal. The Secretary of the Ohio
Society of California is L. p. McCarty.
The association meets in the buildlnsr of
the Improved Order of Red Men, in San
Francisco.
DIVORCE— R. M. M., City. As the last
held Legislature has not been productive
of any law amending* the nresent divorce
law a person divorced in March last can
not remarry in this State a^aln after a
lapse of six months.
SAPSUCKER— M., Red Bluff. Cal. . Tfc*
best mothod of destroying the sapsuckerct
that attack fruit trees ls a shotarun loaded
with very fine hlrdshot. Strychnine may
be used, but U is not always effectlv«
Binding the trees with sacks is nof suffi
cient protection, for the birds will attack
the branches, if they cannot get at tha
trunk. " ..''".-. ¦¦ -•'•< r -»'-
TRINITT CHURCH PROPERTY— A. O.
P., San Pedro. Cal. The index of The Call
for twelve years past does not show that
there has been any distribution of the
Trinity Church property in New York
City within that period. For the purpose
of ascertaining if any distribution has,
been made, and When, address a commu-
nlcatlon to the Surrogate's Court, New -
York City. . v ¦ :
THE PHILIPPINES— Encro.' Crockett.
Cal. There have been a number of arti
cles published In the periodicals ;in th» .
last two years concerning the Philippines
as to climates, products, state of civiliza
tion, effect of climate on th? white, fu- .
ture prospects, etc.. but this department,
has not the apace to enumerate ail such
publications. You can find out by con- "
sultlnsr the cumulative Index of periodical
literature. .
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel**
Cal. glace fruit 50c 'per lb at Townsend's.** "
Townsend'8 California glace 1 fruits. 50c a
pound, In fire-etched ' boxes or Jap bas—
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel bulldln«.»-
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and ; public men . by ~ the
Presa Clipping Bureau <AUen's>; 510 Mont-
gomery street. • Telephone Main 1042. •
THE people of Vallejo, through their officials
and most representative citizens, have made a
petition which .should receive the earnest con
sideration and hearty indorsement of the committee
of San Francisco which is planning to welcome Presi
dent McKinley. The people of, Vallejo ask that dur
ing the stay of the chief executive in this city some
arrangement be made by which he can visit Vallejo
and inspect the magnificent governmental station' at
Mure Island, the largest en the Pacific Coast and one
of the greatest in the United States.^ Vallejo agrees
to bear the entire burden of expense and to submit
itself to the discretion of our committee in every detail
of arrangement. / -
This plea is eminently " just We are asking" Presi
cent McKinley to be among,us not simply to feel our
good will and to accept of our*"good cheer but to see
what we are, what'.part we are playing in 1 , the ¦ great
scheme of national life and what we need that we may
play our part welL It it good- that he be the honored
guest at our feasts and festivals,' but it is better" that
he should carry away with him a^permaneht impres-*
sion of our vast natural and acquired resources.
Among our triumphs is the naval establishment" <?t
Mare Island, : which should be encouraged, preserved
and improved.
A visit of a few hours, a pleasant journey and. a
brief inspection will suffice to. impress upon the Presi
dent, his Cabinet and guests fronj the national Legis
lature the importance of the establishment at 'Mare
Island. In the whirl of receptions,;speeches, dinners,
parades and entertainment which for six days will
rule San Francisco, surciy.a few hours of festivity can
well.be sacrificed to a cause 'in which the entire State
is vitally interested and in which the nation is .con
cerned. The petition of Vallejo should be granted. •
A* DUTY TO THE PRESIDENT.
LORD KITCHENER'S I HARD TASK.
LORD ..KITCHENER -in the prosecution"' of
scientific war against the Boers .is. said- to^haVe
divided the territory of the seat, of war into %
series of .squares . liker a chessboard and to have
placed. a troop in each- square '".with orders to clear it
of the enemy or devastate it/ A recent review of the
operations says: "The country: is ruled out into
chessboard squares. To and fro over each a mounted
force equipped with light transport is projected and
withdrawn, like a gardener! s rake. It is not- a process
conducive to the clashof arms, but as the movement
is repeated again and again it draws into the central
ppsts a vast accumulstion of living beings— white
families and. black families, horses and cattle, food,
forage. and weapons of war. It leaves the squares as
bare as unsown fields."
The description sounds- well, and it would seem
that such tactics carried out by an energetic, foe Would
soon bring the Boers to terms. As a matter of facV,
however, tlje squares are ."so large and the foe so nim
ble tHat "the rake" rarely brings 'in-any considerable
number of them. Kitchener is capturing a large num
ber of non-combatants, but the warriors of the .Trans
vaal are still free and have their arms.
For an understanding of the situation it ista be
borne in mind that according to a statement. of Lord
Roberts the area^of the disturbed country comprises
about 250,000 square .miles. .If, therefore, Kitchener's
chessboard.squares contained an average of 250 square
miles each there .would be a thousand of them, and
£s he has only about 200,000 men at his disposal there
would be only 200 men to each" square. As a consid
erable number are required to guard.the railways and
the supplies, the force available for 'raking cannot be
sufficient; to bring the war to a speedy conclusion.' 1
The-British, indeed, appear to have abandoned ail
expectations- of an, early close of . the war. A cor
respondent of therLqndon Standard, writing from
Pretoria and describing a conversation with a num
ber of. Boers -who --entered the .British'. lines with a.flag
of-truce toobtain the body of an officer who had'bejin
kilkd, says : "They". acknowledged : that . the' outlook
is bad enough, but maintained they are not without
hope of -wearing us. out, adding that in any case they
mean to fight to the end or until terms were offered
which would leave them with a modified indepen
dence. If that be true of the mass of the Boers still
in arms— some . 20,000 o~ more— and there is every
reason for believing that it is, the sooner the rein
forcements^are here the better. The task that faces
Lord Kitchener is as heavy as it is possible to con
ceive:" >¦ ¦'¦¦'.-''• ' r . ' ¦-•'¦•.. : ~'-- -.•''. •¦¦• ¦¦ ¦:.!
The war' in South Africa has already .cost Great
Britain something 1 like $750,000,000, and the war ex
penditure is going on at : the rate of $1,000,000 a ; day.
When all is over the cost of the conquest will hardly
be less than $1,000,000,000; a sum one-third ; .as' large
as that of the debt piled up by";the British in their
long fight for life against % Napoleon,' and jor it all
they will have nothing to show except a lordship over,
a desolated- country and asullen and hostile people.
Surely, of all the- follies that can* be committed by
nations none is greater than that- of embarking upon
a policy of expansion by' the swonL , •
The highly excitable 'Mayor of Zanesville has raised
a hubbub of ! angry combient by cursing the court of
the little Ohio town and thereby greatly ruffling its
dignity. Mayor Phelan ought once more to spill ink
and write an on the ethics pf the other fellow's
conduct. - -. • / ' . . " ' • ,
FRIDAY "..•• .MAY 3,1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Lilrtii 111 ConanuaiwtloM t» W.8. LEAKS, Mtnager.
PCBLICATIOK OFFICE... Market and Tlilrd. S. F.
Telephone Pre*» 201. v?
KDiTORUL ROOMS. ... .217 "to 2*1 Stevemson St.'
Telephone Prei» 2O2. ¦'. _ . "
*DellTered *? Cnrrlern. 15 Cen<n Per Week.
SlBftie CopJea. B Cent*. "
Terms *>7 Mail. Inelodlnr Vostaeret
¦¦>KTL.X CAU. flnclndlnir: 5*nna»r>. «n* year **'«!
TArLT CALI» Onclndtnir Bnnday). « monthi. '•»?
T>kTLY CAIAj Onclndlnir Buna»y>. 3 monihM.............'.'— »•?
I5AH.T CAIJ--By Single Month..... •
WEEKLT CAU* One Tear ..;... ••¦* 1 ' 00
All postmaster* are nntliorlsed t« receive
¦nbucrfptions. V ' ¦¦ j
fitsple copies will be forwarded when reqnested.
rartlcnlar to rtr* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to incur* & prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE .y.. .1113 Broadway
C. GKORGE KBOajfESS. ' ;~.
1 -Hunger fertipi A«T«rti«iiig. Ktrquitta' Bnflding. ; Chietg*.
. (long Distance Telephone "Central ' 26U.") ' ' .
MEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: '
C C C1RLTOX. Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENT At! vb!
STEPHEN B. SMITH .80 Tribune Bnlldlnsr
/ NETV TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brtatano, & Union Baoare:
Komy Hill HoteL j ;' •
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
•Sherman Hooee: P. O. N^ws.Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; " Auditorium Hotel. .'
¦WASHTXGTOUT OJ C.V OFFICE. ; . .1406 G St., !C. W.
MORTO3C E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES — 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntll 8:80 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock.. 633-
McAlllster. open until 9:M o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
P-SO o'doclc .1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
rorner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.- 109fi Valencia, open
urtn 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. -cor
ner Twcnty-recond *"J Kentucky^ open until 9 o'clock. - ¦
SAN; FRANCISCO and Oakland present a view
,;of municipal" administration that should' teach
'and exhort.
For years in each city an annual deficit has appeared
at the end'of each fiscal year. It is sometimes partly
provided for by shutting off street lights, but usually
it -is made up, or partly made up, by compelling the
school-teacliers to work, a month or two without pay>
during which time the public schools are run not^at
the expense of / the 'taxpayers or the patrons ; but at
the cost of the- teachers.' We are not aware-thait.it
is ever proposed that any other city employes' )hall
give their services to the public. The .pay,- of;;the'
teachers is the least- for service TenderedJin^any.'',de
partment of city administration. by. the
hardest toil performed by any ,pub'lic ' servants. ';It
goes mostly to women, who have the slightest; means
of defense against imposition, and therefore are hot
formidable in the eyes of the practical'.politicians -who.
run city governments. * ¦'¦¦ " '•' j-
The Oakland situation has features that are pa
thetic- In years, past the teachers have often been
compelled by their masters, the City Council, to work:
without compensation }n order to keep th~e schools
open "the 'full v schopl year. When the time, came last
year to estimate. the- n.eedslof the' city, that the Coun
cil might make a .tax levy; to nie.et them, the School
i'Bbard submitted its estimates of 'the money required
to run the. schools to the end of the 'schooUyear.
Giving no credit to the judgment \ of!-, the "School
Board, the Council deliberately cut the estimate to a
figure which was known to be 1 inadequate. for the
purpose. When the school year' was within two
months .of 1 its, dose the money was all gone, and the
two. High' Schools "must be shut or kept open at the
expense of the teachers. I ,;•,•• v ; -r»
.But in .the schools are the classes which -were to
graduate. They cannot : do so if the _ schools^' close.
Upon the completion of their course) and 'regular
graduation depends" their' entry into the universities.
Closing 1 the "school means' waiting a! year beyond the
time^at jwtiichj they expected to * fimsh^To a large \
number this has a most malign and. unconciuerable in
fluence, and is a misfortune which may spoil' their,
whole career.. >The people are passing around the hat
and trying- to xollect $10,000 in a dime at a time to
keep the schools open and avert the blow to the pupils
and the-city, and also -to spare the city the shame of
running the schools at the expense of overworked and
underpaid teachers: All this because a City Council
threwmbney at: birds, -in litigation and boring wells'
-to find a brackish'" wate*? supply to be put undef.'mii-.
nicipal ownership. . ,.-.. .'
In San Francisco It has been "the -regular thing to
meet deficits by making teachers work for nothing
and refusing to pay contracting merchants for sup
plies furnished- to theory departments.
There is a constantly accumulating debt to the mer
chants and obligation io the teachers, which will prob
ably never be paid. The situation, is disgraceful to
fcctri cities and testifies the, inefficiency, cowardice or
demagogy of: the .members, of their. government who,
are responsible for it; j % ; • .
Next time. the Oakland School Board sends its es
timate to the City Council the citizens who are now
holding distress meetings and passing the hat for
nickels to keep the schools running should go to th;
City Hall and read his political .death warrant to.
every Councilman who prppos$s 5 to cut .it. down,-in
the knowledge thatjiding so wittTepeatthe 'same sitin^
ation' that is*now the odium of Oakland. San Fran
cisco "maybe incorrigible : in- the same courses that
make the. city across the bay to express its sorrows
«fl public. There seems to be no remedy,. except by
the people compelling men to seek office by showing
knowledge and fitness for it. .• ¦¦> '¦
MISTREATMENT OF TEACHERS.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON'S WORLD
OF LETTERS.
. ? r- :"".'¦• '¦¦ ¦ ¦
If news about any forthcoming publi
cations of Interest remains scarce and of
little importance there is no dearth in th«
sales of old books.
The prices realized continue going up In
marvelous fashion. Any sale which In
cludes a fine copy of a Shakespeare folia
is sure to attract attention.
1 In the four days' sale at Prittick'3, Just
concluded, the most important item was a
particularly, good copy of the third folio,
wanting two leaves, and with somewhat
broken stitches iiTthe margins, but other
wise in excellent condition. It fetched the
high price of £3S5 (S1M5). a record for an
imperfect copy. * '
Among ' other notable old book3 were
six dramas of Calderon. first edition.
£11 15s ($57 75); "Grimm's Popular
Storiea." Illustrated by Crulckshank.
first edition. £16 10s ($S2 50): "George
Meredith "first edition. £16 ($80) : ''Sigurd
Volsung:" £22 ($110); Dickens' "Pi<*wtek
Papers." parts one to eighteen, i^ U> 1WJ
($77 50): .Thackeray's • rVanl -% <u .T|^v.
original parts.- very fine copy. £46 ($230):
Moreau's "Suite d'Estampes* both scries.
1774-1777.»with brilliant engravings by Mar-
The sale also Included two long auto
graph letters by Tennyson. One relatlnr
to his visit to Ireland:, dated 1848. 1 fetched
£21 10s ($107 50). The second, writ
ten In 1S50, fetched £31; ($155). In this lat
ter, after making some references to In
-Memorlajn." Tennyson ¦ thus refers to his
wife and his marriage: "I am not going to
be but am married to a lady four years
younger than myself, one who has loved
me for fourteen years without variable
ness or* shadow of turning. Though not
very young, she is very beautiful. sn«
has the most beautiful nature I have met
with among women. It was done very
quickly, at my particular request, so that
my own mother did not know it till it was
done." •". -' "„¦ ,-• » ,
There .were some more startllnsr orlces.
For a copy of Gray's "Odes" at Sotheby s
the other day.-a sum of £370 ($1S5O) was
paid. It wa:s' a very rare first edition an3
.bore-on the margin explanatory notes by
the. poet and allusions to the sources of
his Inspiration.
But even more-£400 ($2000) in fact-was
paid for- Gray's own copy of six poems, in
'eludfcig.'.thls extra stanza to the "Elegy :
Thefe/'scatter'd oft the' earliest of the year
I By hands unseen, are show'rs of vl'Iets found:
The redbreast loves to bill and warblff there.
And little footsteps lightly print the ground.
Complete light will shortly be shed on
one of the most mysterious transactions
of the Commonwealth. The history of the
-negotiations between the Hebrews and
Oliver Cromwell. . which resulted in the
foundation of the present Anglo-Jewish
community, has hitherto been only im
perfectly known.' Indeed, until some fif
teen years ago. when Lucien Wolf pub
lished the first results of his lnvestiara
tlons.Mt was generally believed that th©
negotiations -were abortive and that the
first permission- f or Hebrews to resettle In'
Bngland was accorded by Charles II. Mr.
Wolf has now written -the story at length
in a volume "Menasseh Ben
Israel's Mission to Oliver Cromwell."
which Messrs Macmilllan have undertaken
to tmbllsh. • \
The volume contains a reprint in fae
simile of three tracts published by Menas
seh. Mr. Wolf supplies the introduction
and seven chapters, .together with elabo
rate notes and three nortraits of the fam
ous Jew. two by Rembrandt and the third
by Salome Italia, to accompany the let
ter press.
Mr. Wolf ?hows that the Hebrew ques
tion in 1655-1656 -was of much, greater Im
portance than Is generally sunnosed and
that it played a ronsidernble part In
Cromwell's schemes of imperial expansion.
Mr. Wolf has lonsr been known as the
chief atfthorlty In 'this country on Jewish
history..- » '
. It will be remembered thar on«> of thos«
whose names were connected with the au
thorshin of the mysterious "Love Letters
r>f an English Woman", was Laurence
Hr>usman. Clement Shorter. In th<*
Sphere, now states that a work by Laur
ence Housman has been offered by a
literary agent to more than one publisher
as by the author of the letters. Mean
while love letter bool" continue tr> trickle
through the nrps3.- ,T,h°re are two more
this w*»ek. ""A 7x>ver'5» Replies to an Eng
lish Woman's Lovp ' Letters" is anony
mous. The othpr is hy George TZgeTt"**
and Is caller* "Rosa Ambrosa; the Love
Letters of a Woman." ~x
agricultural . section, but mining, ; manufacturing and
kindred '.interests have sprung into -.and
demand governmental policies to protect and develop
them. ; A statesmanship so partisan in L its character
as to adhere to old political doctrines, either" settled
tiy- the, arbitrament of the : svvord or firmly fixed as
governmental policies, 'cannot solve the political and
economic problems now confronting the 'Southern
people. Such a statesmanship cannot properly inter
pret present economic movements nor provide by ag
gressive and progressive ' thought for the -radi
cally changed conditions now confronting us."
Such is politics hr the South during the off year.
We shall see what it means when the next election
takes place. • v . * , K:^ : ' f - ¦'
'No sooner had the address been published than Sen
ator Tillruan publicly denounced' McLaurin, and r the
B ?^r. bon Machine in South Carolina was set.td work
to crush the man who had so boldly defied it. Mc
* ? : U J?F-T :nowever > is not without supporters. There
r^ayjnot be many who will have the courage to Jol
¦Iowihim in breaking away from new Democracy, but
there is a very, large number who, lacking that cour
age,; nevertheless agree with, his views, sympathize
with his aspirations a-nd wish him well. The Louis
vUIc^ Courier Journal 's*ys: "With the negro ques
tion^ out -of the 'way it -would, remain for. the. Demo-'
ciatic p^rtyto decide whether it. would retain the sup
port of. the South or imperil it "by refusing to rec
ognize the living conditions which app> to the South
ho less than to other parts of the country." . The
Louisville Post declares ? "Senator McLaurin ; says
just what thousands of people are thinking and sav
ing all over the South." The Richmond Times says :
"Senator McLaurin has sounded the bugle note and
the clans will rally"; and the Greenville (S. C.) News
with exultation cries out: "McLaurin's doctrine that
tells us to trample down the barriers of old hate's and
moth : eaten doctrines is the doctrine that will make
the young men of this; State honor him and the
iathers .with the' interests of "their sons at heart to
support him." • ' .' .. '..-... ;'- ..
XI— CHILD LIFE ON THE FRONTIEB.
sure of nourishing and. mothering In the
pioneer village until she reached an age
to nourish and mother the next genera
tion. She was- like a- luscious wild plum,
all pink and gold, and sweet tempered
beyond belief: for all ' possibilities of hap
piness met in the child. She. had three
weaknesses— the majah.. her little rock
ing chair and her love: of bacon. Wher
ever the majah lounged in the .village
Laura trotted?*' 1 after him,- carrying her
rocking chair. put. It" on the earthen
sidewalk, rested and rocked and- sang at
intervals. . And knowing that people loved
her smile and. her singing of the one song
She knew the, witch usually posed -before
the threshold of some hospitable -woman,
who was ravished to hear the bird-piping
there: \ :**ll ,*
"Sins and 'soat. . *
• Sins and Boat '
¦'¦ i In my little boat!" .'. -
: "Now, lady, will- yoti-please -give me a
piece of fat meat?" - . ;
When the Majah 'Died.
At the end of the summer ~the ~"maja,h
stretched out his wooden leg., turned up
his toes and died tike a gentleman,?' with
all his bills unpaid. But the Freemasons,
of whose great guild he was a past some
thing of worship and renown, scraped con
tributions together from their own hard
earned dollars, straightened 'his affairs
and gave him a rousing funeral, wearing
aprons over their store clothes and cast-
Ing sprigs of evergreen. into his grave.
. Laura was lifted to the bier to kiss him
and cried because he was cold, but for
no other reason that she could under
stand, and then. was coveted for half a
dozen-homes, with' her rocking chair. But
after she had had her supper in the house
cJaimiog her the.first night, and while the
setting sun still yellowed the graveyard
at the side of the .village., she carried her
rocking chair back to the ridge which sha
had- seen built over the majah. There her
pursuers found her, singing persuasively
the song which had never failed to bring
her- what she wanted: •- '-
"Sine and soat,
' ' ''• '. s . " Sins and soat
. • In my little boat!
"Majah, will you please wake up and
give me- a piece of fat meat?"
an -d Dutch John.
The Winter Sleighing.
"Another person — and that person a
woman— excited less benevolence than
hilarity. .-; Indeed, where the struggle for
existence was continual, she was well off
in. the world's goods, and had no occasion
'for the help of her neighbors.
, You have noticed that when the public
selects an individual ' to represent some
thing that individual can never be any?
thing else. He might as well yield. to his
fate as far as his fellow men-are-con
cerned. Peggy was the typical old maid
in the pioneer village, and if she did not
like the character she was too shrewd to
increase the fun by remonstrating, but
played it wellj She was wrinkled, tall and
angular, though her black hair never
changed its color, nor did her activity, in
dancing flag. Like a guidepost to the pass
ing generations she held her place, which
was an honorable one, and bore her part
In the life of the village. She lived' alone
in a house exquisitely kept, a woman at
means, bestowing kindnesses right and
left, ; amusing. Jierself with wooings like
that of simpler Dutch John. His humble
handicraft was ditching, and he hung his
shirts all along a fence, peeling layer after
layer as the sun's heat increased.
"My mother was born on the ocean at
midnight." said John. "And she could
speak both Dutch and English as good as
any preacher. If you will marry me.
Peggy. I will keep you like a lady, for I
have $29 saved and put by in a stocking."
The greatest festlvity-of the pioneer vil
lage, was. the winter sleighing: and God
was. good to it in the bestowal of snow.
Trsidition ,says that snow rose over the
rail. fences, and the roads were often
white marble canals. It was the easiest
thing irrthe world to make a jumper, with
saplings for runners and a box for a bed.
The bells rung everywhere. It was merry
as a fair. The young people in long sleds
Hew across the silent, star-keen winter
night to dance at some tavern • or farm
house. Their- laughter and their sleigh
bells, the crunching of the snow and flicks
flying from the horses*, feet and the glid
ing motion like no other gliding were
experiences not to be forgotten
The .pioneer village is gone and noth
ing ,like-unto it is left under' the sun
Scarcely, a skeleton of the. old street re
mains in an overgrown town.- guttering
with electric lights and netted with wires
The man abreast of this century ¦ hears
contemptuously of such little days and
dwarfed But the vastness of the
space which they had for their develop
ment was sublime. Gone with them te
the winter prairie, bound by the edees
of the- world; a white circle of eternity
The stars hung over it like tassels, almost
swinging in the keen air. Far oft" the crv
of a wolf could be; heard. All life except
his waS T submerged in the silent land
ocean. If there was a moon it could al
most be taken In the hands; yet lowered
itself from- a sky of Infinite height. Cold
and awful, unbounded and mighty the
winter prairie none the less put into men**
minds thoughts of conquest, of great
things to come. There was In that gen
eration's hopefulness and looking forward
a joy which their children and children's
children are not able to -understand.
¦'¦*'. t • .-.-,
CHANCE TO SMILE.
"I know she is from Boston."
"Why, dear?"
"She called the breeches buoy the 'trous
ers buoy.' "-Chicago News. irous
"Do you believe in 'push' or 'pull' as el*
ments in success?" eie
"Neither."
"What then?" - -\¦¦
"Dig."—Richmond Times.
.Mrs. Parkville-Why. Annette! You have
Sm^Wo^t?"^ teaP0t! How V???
song e in fO K°a±f : StanZa ls from * popular
°h, Kansas is a State that's hot
• No other State can match it '
The women organize a plot
And then proceed to hatch it
;i' : - ~* : ;V ~~ New York Tribune.
Clerk-This remedy has cured ten
Congressmen, eight Senators, six m-i^t?
donnas- . prima
Customer-Hold T on. young fellow. I ain't
none of them. Just lay that aiM« «Ia
show me something that has cured a ??£
common -people.— Chicago News.
So^qu^?"' 1116^ 1163^ 7^ 6 " eWS about OM
Lushforth — No; what is it? ' '
'•' "He!s stopped drinking.*'
• "Strange. I wan looking over'th* rt»«Vw
column of . this morning's paper and T
didn't-see his name. "-Philadelphia Rec-
The moment had come" for the snnA
fairy to show her power gooa
"Be quick!". she cried, and touched th*
wand'. meSSenee V b °y wlt *V her^aSS
To the unutterable amazement of everv
person in the drama, the boy actually cov^
ered the distance of a block In. less f thak
four minutes, hereupon— Detroit Journal.
t "*£ ls c l? ln ie<1-that. the members of the
London City Council have to pay their
own expenses ry hen they go on junketing
"Good- gracious! • I wonder what an
American City Council would do under
those conditions?" , •
"I know what they wouldn't do."'
"What's that?": " . • ; «.. •'¦ ¦
"Junket."— Cleveland Plaindealer.
CCOPYRIGHT, 1901.)
JohriiL. Clinton, a mining man of "Ana
conda, .Mont., .is here on business. for his
company. '^He is' a guest at the Lick.' •¦
F. S. Morris of the firm of Evans, &
Morris, dry goods merchants of Portland.
Or., is at the Palace. ¦ " ..'..-..
. James M.' Leonard," a prominent mining
man of 'Virginia City, Is at the Palace for
a. few days. -."¦ */'}_ '¦-.:.¦
J. H. Lybn , an extensive yineyardist' and
raricherof Lakeport, is at the California.
. The Rev. Father Joseph O'Reilly of Los
Angeles is a guest at the Lick.
.P. C. Drescher, a dry goods merchant of
Sacramento, Is at the Cnlifowiia.*
L. F. . Moultpn, an extensive land-owner
of Colusa, is a guest at the Grand.
Peter Musto, a '¦" leading merchant of
Stockton f is. registered at the Grand.
• The landlord sometimes grumbled, and
would have asked .the majah to remove
his hair trunk and hat box— for who could
have the heart to seize the majarh's hair
trunk and .hat box ¦¦¦ for- board? But the
landlady, in* common -with other women
of the village,, adored Laura, perhaps be
cause she was so different from their own
aguish; blue-skinned children. Laura was
PERSONAL MENTION.-
The majah .was. a-Kentuckian. with .1
wooden leg. a. brilliant, . ill-balanced head
and one beautiful. little child named Lau
ra. He dropped upon, the village for its
elevation,' and became a star debater, the
walking town library and. substitute for
Webster's unabridged ' dictionary.'. \ The
doctor had such a dictionary, but it was
too big and awe-inspiring to carry to the
drug store every time a word came under
dispute. The majah became a power,
though he ¦ had neither house nor land —
and land then was- only -$1 25 an acre— '¦>
neither' profession nor visible means of
support, and his bills ran on indefinitely
af the tavern. , - • - .- .
The Majah and Little Laura.
Queer characters were, always to be
found in this village, and people were not
so hypnotized by change that only the
doings of the passing Instant fascinated
them. . They had time to- study and enjoy
a picturesque figure, 'and they had knowl
edge of a fact we sometimes forget— that
all human life, however mean and cir
cumscribed., is Interesting. ¦
i On theiother hand, there was & drifting
population , in white-topped moving wag
ons always coming and going. Their
aguish children saw life on wheels, and
lived— and sometimes died— along the road.
They were not gypsies: they were rather
wanderers confirmed in poverty, trying
each pioneer village a week, or perhaps
half a year. Their scant furnishing was
put Into some empty house, forsaken by
inhabitants of the better class, and their
sway-backed horses turned out to graze.
These people were movers, indeed. And
though the name of mover was by no
means dishonorable— all the States fer
menting with' white vans moving west
ward—a pioneer village was usually glad
when they fared on. Citizens could not
be made out of such material.-
Even then the roving spirit which makes
us a nation of tramps had begun its subtle
workings in the pioneer village. Of course,
a preacher's wife had this desire for
change gratified to the fullest extent.
"While her unsettled state was '. by ¦¦no
means envied, a few like' Sister Day want
ed to see beyond the horizon. Sister Day
was always intending to go to Greenup to
visit Cousin Priscilla. She would have to
travel :n a carriage of her own. which she
possessed, for there was neither railroad
nor mail hack that would carry her to
Greenup. The -spring was too wet; -the
summer -was too warm; in winter it was
impossible to travel; the children had the
measles, the times were too hard or she
had guests. Finally she took that other
Journey from which there is no return,
and probably smiles, good woman,
wherever she may be, when she remem
bers the deferred trip to Greenup to visit
Cousin Priscllla, . ... ..
"Been to the -burytn' ?"~ ,,"•-'¦
"Yes," vthey.-" answer/ triumphantly,: in
that superior state, of mind which results
from accomplishing.' ¦¦: ¦:¦'"'¦ . ~ ',
" 'Taln't all ever, is it?"
"Yes, it's all; over." \ •¦ ¦¦ « ¦
"How did they take it?"
"They took it hard." . . . ;
"I wisht I'd a-been there!"
The instinct of the Wanderer.
Comes now 1 panting to meet them a be
lated mate, his trousers hung by one sus
pender, a hunk of dinner in his hand. He
hits his bare toe on a stone, grabs the
toe and waltzes about in agony, but never
for an instant loses sight of the main is
sue. . ..v ., - ¦'- : ¦<-•---¦ . ... I
On the graveyard rail fence the village
children would sit, both holding them
selves delicately aloof from a grief not
their, own and witnessing as a' spectacle
the. storm and stress of human emotion.
With delicious shivers down their spines
they heard the rattle of clods on a hollow
lid. Not until the grave is 'ridged and
patted do'they, turn back to their play.
Children at a Burial.
A dark, smooth-cut oblong waited under
the graveyard ¦ trees. ' There , was neither
parson nor service many a time.. The
mourners .looked down at the lowered box,
plainly varnished, shaped somewhat like a
diamond with blunt ends, and their wail
ing was joined by the low note of the
wood dove. " . • .':•¦'"*
Among summer diversions of a pioneer
village the children highly, 'esteemed a
funeral. It overlapped, on " the mystery
which young creatures love. ' There was a
pause In every day. The other world ap
proached. , • -" '¦ -/'¦'¦¦:"'
-. The Freemasons, powerful; craft, re
spected yet deprecated by ; the wives of Its
members, Its poor locked lodgero'om con
sidered a chamber of horrors, . owned a
bier on which its' dead were jjj borne in
state. But less illustrious, people- had
their, coffins shoved Into "a wagon; for
hearses were rever seen or heard of in
a pioneer village. . The bereaved family
sat around their dead on splint-bottomed
chairs, or they followed with friends and
neighbors in other wagons. . ¦ ~ ! '
AUTHOR OF "THE ROMANCE OF DOLLARD," "THE STORY OF TONTY,"
By Mary £XsLx*tw@ll Oatherwood.
Strange Amusements, Garb and Diversions
of the Children Who. Lived on. the
Old American Frontier.
Prepared by- Experts and Specialists for
I The San Francisco Call.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JDALL, FRIDAY, MAY 3, 1901.
ETC.
6
Call subscribers ' oon t em pla tlnff * change of
residence dorlnjt: the enmmer months con barn
tbrlr paper (onrnrded by mall to their new
addresses by notlf ying: The Call Cosiness Office.
Tats paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented, by a. local arent lm
all towns on the coast. .
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG TOWK FOR THE SUMMER.
AMUSEMENTS.
CaMfomla— "A Bachelor's Romance." . ¦
Central— "Ten Night* In a Barroom." ;
TlvolJ— "The Idol's Eye." .
Orpheum —^Vaudeville. . '
Columbia— "Sag: Harbor.".. Monday -next.
Alcazar— "The Conquerors." — • v..-*..-
Grand Opera-house— "Mr. Barnes "of. .New York."
Olympla; corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties. ¦
Chutes. Zoo. and Theater— Vaudeville , every afternoon and
evenlnrr. - ..- -.. % ' . ."" *
Fischer's— Vaudeville. - ¦ . : -. ¦ : •• h.
RecreaUon Park— Baseball. . . ,. : -
Emery-'llle Racetrack— Races to-day. .'. ~~-A finished poet is one who gets discour
aged and roes to work.
A Book on San Francisco.
The . Santa ". Fe has Jnst Issued " a beautiful
booklet descriptive of San Francisco and vicin
ity,' lavishly Illustrated with artistic half-tone3
and a number of up-to-date maps. \ : •¦
Copies may be had by sending 1 -10; cents In
Btampsl to the ; Agent, -Santa Fe, at
641 Market street, San Francisco, v .
Consul X-cCook Is Recovering.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— The State'De
partment received a report -from the Vice
Consul at Dawson City, dated— April, 9,'
saying that Consul McCook. who wasre-
Sortsd to have died at DawSon, Is in the
ospital there rapidly recovering from an
acute attack of pneumonia. There is <every
•prospect of his being out in a few days. .
Union Pacific Also Cuts Rates.
OMAHA. May 2.— The Union Pacific
cave official notice to-day that it will meet
the rates to Colorado and Utah points an
nounced by other roads out of Omaha. It
will 6ell round-trip tickets to Colorado
points, good Juiy 1 to 10 and September 1
to 10. for $15. The rates to Ogden and
Ea.lt Lake on the same dates will be $30.
Evangelist Sankey's Mother Dead.
NEWCASTLE, Pa.', May 2.— Mrs. Mary
Sankey, ' mother of Ira D. Sankey, . the
evangelist and singer, died at her home in
this city to-day, aged 90 years. -
I^DGING-HOTTSE KEEPEH
SLASHED WITH A BAZOB,
Richard Cardwell/ manager of ,the lodg
ing house at 705 Mission street, was
slashed across the face with a .razor last
night by J. Murphy, ¦ a \ roomer in the
house. Murphy is a cripple, having but
one. leff. '*•-"" . .'-' ¦", ¦ . - , . .
_ The cutting was brought about ¦¦ by an
argument between .the manager 'and the
cripple and occurred in the doorway of
thr- Hbuse. .-.: ¦''<:¦':::'¦ -'
Cardwell was- taken, to 1 the Receiving-
Hospital, where it was found that, the
facia 1 artery had been severed. He suf
fered considerably from loss. of blood, "-v'
.Murphv was arrested and' charged with
assault with intent to commit murder/ '•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, May 2.— A three
nights' entertainment, commencing to
night, was begun this evening by Bonita
Parlor, Native Daughters of the Golden
Wc-st, for the purpose of adding money
to the park Improvement fund. Over a
year ago the Native Daughters obtained
permission of the Board of City Trustees
to beautify what is known as California
Square. . • . • -
With this laudable end in view they
commenced giving a series of entertain
ments, which" have proved very popular.
In this way many . hundred dollars have
been raised. With the money already pro
cured the unsightly trees on the square
have been cleared off and the block filled
in with two feet of rich earth and the
place put into condition for planting. It
is now proposed to plant lawns, trees and
flowers and to make the place an attrac
tion to the townspeople.
The large gymnasium on the old- school
grounds was secured, there being no other
place in the city large enough to hold
the crowds. To-night there was a grand
ball, refreshments of all kinds , being
served in booths erected in the large hall.
Friday night's programme will consist of
a musical and literary entertainment, fol
lowed by a social dance. Saturday even-
Ing there will be 'a mixed entertainment
and a sale of fancy articles. On each
evening: a ballot box will be ¦ open, in
which all who desire may vote on the
most popular Native Daughter.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS
IN MERRY DANCES
Fair Members - of Bonita
Parlor at Redwood
Entertaining..
LINCOLN. Neb., May 2.— In a state
ment made to-day • W. J. Bryan takes
Senator McLaurin of South I Carolina to
task for what he declares is his political
flop. At the same time Mr. Bryan ad
mits that Senator McLaurin's action
marks the beginning of a. movement In
the South which will have an influence
upon the politics of the nation. He says:
It is not likely that Mr. McLaurin will be
the leader of the movement because he is
handicapped by the fact that he is using his
official position to misrepresent the views and
interests of his constituents, but some leader
will arise to give direction and force to the
aristocratic and plutocratic element for which
Mr. McLaurin speaks. There is such an ele
ment, in^ every community, and now that tne
race question no longer unifies the white peo
ple of ..the Southern States , it will doubtless
manifest, itself. . • .. ...
Senator Tillman has already taken up the
gage of battle thrown ' down by Senator Mc-
Laurln and will doubtless be able to marshal
a considerable majority in that State, but the
same Influences : are at work In other States
where there are . greater dangers of their suc
cess. ' .. • ¦ .- ¦¦ i . ¦
The Democratic sentiment is itrongr enough
to resist and overcome the McLaurln move
ment, but those who believe that the man ¦ is
more Important than the dollar will have to
bestir themselves. \
Says South Carolinan Speaks
for the Plutocratic
Element.
BRYAN ON SENATOR
M'LAURIN'S CHANGE
LONDON, May 2.— There was a
large attendance in the House of
Commons to-day in anticipation
of the discussion on the new ex
port tax on coal. The Govern
ment had issued an urgent "whip" to the
Unionist members, who were largely
pledged to vote against the tax.'
The full House and galleries had to
wait until nearly 6 o'clock for the begin
ning of the debate.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, Liberal,
led with a severe, almost violent, arraign
ment of the Government. He said the
tax would throw .the coal trade ; nto chaos
and confusion. It was nonsense to say
the foreigner would pay the tax because
he would not do without coal. The Gov
ernment of Italy had answered -hat plea
by taking coal from America instead of
this country. The trade. of France was
equally divided between this country,
Germany and Belgium. '
The Chancellor of the Excheauer, Sir
Michael Hicks-Beach, Interrupting, said:
"We are beating the others."
"Then go on beating them." said Sir
William Vernon Harcourt. "Why throw
a shilling into the scale against this coun
try?"
Sir William contended that it was class
legislation and that the tax would ulti
mately come out of the miners' wasres.
No Danger From Competition.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer admit
ted that the tax, like every tax, was an
LOST CHILD DIES
ON BARREN PRAIRIE
Pathetic Fate of a Five- Year-
Old Girl in Wash,- .
ington.
PROSSER, Wash.. May 2.— With her lit
tle hands and mouth all stained with
green from the grass and flowers she had
eaten in her desperate hunger and with
her features drawn In the dying agony
of thirst, the body of the 5-year-old
daughter of W. B. Mathews. former
County Commissioner, who was lost on
the dreary wastes of Horse Heaven plains
nearly a week ago, was found to-day.
The child In her agony had crawled into
a badger hole on the prairie and with her
arms outstretched had died. From the
appearance of the body the child had been
dead about thirty-six hours, so for five
day* and nights she had been without
food and water. \V ,. *». ' , ~
The girl with her 7-year-old brother left
her father's ranch one morning to hunt
cattle. In some way during the day the
children became separated. When the boy
returned home In the evening without bis
sister th« alarm was at once given and
searching parties organized and scores of
men on horseback have been scouring the
purrounding country day and night ever
since.
Barefoot when she left home, the little
girl in her wanderinsrs had bruised and
cut her feet and had gathered the tou_h
prairie grass and wound it around them
for protection. Beside her In the badger
hole lay a bunch of flowers and crass
•which she had been eating. The place
where the child was found was fullv sev
enteen miles from the ranch and not far
from the lone Springs.
obstruction on trade. The real question
was. Could the export trade In coal bear
the tax? It could. English coal was ot so
good a quality, there was so much of it.
and it could not be got in any other
country. Thus to a large extent it was
free from competition. • *
The Chancellor submitted masses of sta
tistics which he summarized as showing
that 225,000,000 tons were mined in 1900 on
which, after deducting £18,000.000 in wages
more than In 1897. the coal owners had a
net profit of £29,000,000 on a capital of
£110,000,000. He had some difficulty in
keeping his patience when deputations
talked to him' about the unprofitable con
dition of the trade. He had proposed the
tax for merely one year and it would be
on those who were able to bear it. As to
the competition of the United States Sir
Michael Hicks-Beach said:
"Last year the price of our coal at the
port of export rose very much higher than
the price of coal in the United States, but
in spite of that our export of coal was 38,
000,000 tons, or 3.500,000 tons more than the
previous year. The United States exoorts
a little over 1,600.000,000 tons; if the United
States could compete when the price of
our coal was very high It would be ab
solutely Impossible for them to compete
when the price was low." • . ¦> ¦
John Redmond, the Nationalist leader,
said the coal tax did not affect Ireland;
and in that respect it was the beginning
of a new era. On general principles, how
ever, he urged the Irish members to do
everything possible in their efforts to de
feat the budget. The debate was ad
journed to Monday next, 1 when according
to the arrangement a division will be
taken. •
MINERS MAY NOT STRIKE.
what Modified.
Opinions of the Leaders Appear Some-
LONDON, May 3.— Yesterday Mr. Bal
four was determined to get a vote on the
coal tax before the House rose, and he
rejected Sir William Vernon Harcourt's
private appeal for a postponement. At a
late hour, however, so manV members
were anxious to speak that the Speaker
gave it to be understood that lie would
not consent to an application of the
closure. • The Government was therefore
reluctantly compelled to yield.
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach's strong and
effective speech is defense of the tax de
lighted his colleagues. At the same time
It was felt that he gave an unsound argu
ment when he pleaded the enormous
profits of the coal owners as a justifica
tion of the new tax. It Is pointed out
that the Radicals used the same argument
when demanding the taxation of ground
rents, and- that if large profits justify a
tax lean profits would equally justify
state assistance.
The prospect of the miners persisting in
their determination to strike appears this
morning doubtful, consideration of the
matter for twenty-four hours having
somewhat modified the opinions of the
leaders, but no reliable indications are yet
available.
SIR MICHAEL HICKS-BEACH. CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER, WHOSE PROPOSAL TO PLACE AN EXPORT
TAX ON COAL AS A MEANS OF AUGMENTING THE TRANSVAAL WAR FUND THREATENS TO^BRING ON
AN INDUSTRIAL CRISIS IN GREAT BRITAIN.
Special Cablo to The Call and New York Her
. . aid. Copyright. 1901. ! by the Herald Pub
¦•.¦ Uahing Company.-
Z BERLIN, 'May 2. -The German Embas
sador in Washington, Dr. von Holleben,
has reported to his Government that, ow
ing to the sudden Increase in attacks up
on Germany in the United States from
many different quarters he called upon
Secretary Hay to ask him for an explana
tion. Baron von PUclithofen, the present
Secretary o^. State for Foreign Affairs,
and his predecessor, the present Chancel
lor, have been keenly alive to the growing
bitterness of sentiment in the United
States' regarding Germany. An order
went out from here to the Embassador at
Washington to pay a visit to Secretary
Hay. The situation, they say, is becom
ing serious. » ¦ . ' .
The following Is an Interview in which
one of the highest officials in Germany
answers, very direct questions on -the sub
ject of United States hostility with
equally direct replies. I had ' asked
whether Germany had really . a' "parti
pris" against the United States. His Ex
cellency replied: y . ,. -^ -}-.:¦¦
. "We know of the, Hi feeling against Ger
many existing in the United . States. It
has been reported to us by our Embas
sador. We cannot imagine what ground
there can be for any such sentiment
among the people of the United States."
\ Wants Peace With America.
-"But is ; there not some justification for
the talk of Germany interfering with tho
spirit of the Monroe doctrine?" I asked.
. "We are not alone in that," he said em
phatically. "If German subjects are mal
treated or their property and rights in
terfered with we simply do" just what all
other nations would In a similar case and
protect them. This we did by sending two
vwarships to Port au Prince. Nothing is
further from the policy of Germany than
to interfere with the United States." • •
"But you do all you can to stop Ameri
can meat?" . ' y
"There have been difficulties; but they
were brought about, by. the Agrarian
party. They are not serious."
"You have grievances against the
United States?" I asked his Excellency
next. % ' ¦
"Small ones, also," he e replied. "We—
that is to say, our merchants— have cus
toms grievances."
"Germany is credited in America with
an ambition to possess a port in the
Philippines?"
"There is not a word of truth in It.
There was at the time of the Von Diede
richs incident. • It is forgotten. It was a
mistake. Why, if we want a port in the
far East, we have the Carolines and
plenty of other islands to choose from."
Not Drifting' Toward War.
"And may I ask your Excellency what
you think of Admiral Dewey's prophecy
that America's next war is to be with
Germany?" , - . . .
. Then, sweeping away a look of pain,
he s-miled and, with surprise, replied:
"I really cannot possibly understand it.
"Why, there is not a single question un
settled between the two countries. " There
is not a misunderstanding of any kind.
"While I ask you not to mention my
name, I give you full authority to say
that this is official and that Germany has
not the "least "desire to quarrel' with the
United States; that she, on the contrary,
wishes in every way to cultivate friend
ship and good relations with the United
States, and can see no reason now why
they should not exist."
"Many of tho American public consider
¦ that you are waging a war of aggressive
vengeance and territorial acquisition in
China. Do you . not think there is some
thing in that which arouses the feeling
against 'you?"
'Germany's policy In China is to give
«"4ual rights to all countries. We wish
' to insure < the payment of the Indemnity
and then get out as soon as possible. We
only claim $60,000,000. America will have
Just as good commercial rights In China
as Germany or any of the other powers."
¦ "Is "the augmentation of the German
navy aimed at the United States?" I
asked, changing the subject. '
! "Not one atom of it. That programme
has been open to the world. It is to pro
tect our commerce, nothing more. We
1 would, like a much greater navy, but can-.
' not have it."
GERMANY'S SUSPICIOUS COURSE
Washington Officials Disposed to Dis
; ,:.i :^-*-*: trust the Kaiser., :Cc
"WASHINGTON, May 2.— Though F.m
bassador von Holleben had an interview
with Acting- Secretary of State Hill, to
day It is learned that no reference was
made to recent developments regarding
Germany's attitude toward the United
States. In fact, it is stated on authority
that the German Embassador has recent
ly addressed no inquiries on the subject
to this "Government.
If Embassador von Holleben has re
ceived instructions to ask for an explana
tion he is unwilling to make them public.
Embassy officials regret that Germany's
policy has been a matter of such bitter
comment in this country and they Jn&lst
that Germany entertains only the kind
liest intentions toward the United States.
Their statements are at variance, how
ever, with the views of officials of the
administration. Germany's attitude dur
ing the war with Spain was not conducive
to strengthen the relations existing be
tween the two Governments. Her sur
veys of islands In the Philippines, infor
mation concerninc which reached " this
Government, were .most suspicious and
she was deeply interested in the islands
of Sibutu and Cayagan, Sulu, and.it is
even said that she was responsible for
representations made by. Spain , to this?
Government which resulted finally in their
purchase. The United States and Ger
many have pursued antagonistic policies
in China— one leaning- toward mercy in
order to' better effect a settlement, the
other insisting upon extreme measures
unless forced to abandon them by a com
bination of. powers in opposition. ¦ - The
naval war. board sees in Germanv'c col
onization in South Africa, in her frequent
surveys of West Indian islands and in her
aggressive commercial policy reasons for
the United States acquiring a 3trong
n_ivy« " ••¦.¦•¦/
There is not an official - in "Washington
who wants war with Germany. "War with
Spain-would not have occurred, they say,
!had the United States been so powerful
on the sea as to convince the ? Madrid'
Government of the folly of failure to com
ply with American demands. A naval of
ficial of high standing predicted to-day
that if Congress authorized an Increase of
the . fleet . which would make the >United
States the eaual of Germany on the sea
no friction which could not be settled dip
lomatically, would arise.
Has No Intention of Interfering With
the Spirit of the Monroo
Doctrine. -
High Official Says Berlin Gov
• eminent Wants Our
• Friendship.
Kaiser's Embassador De
mands Explanation
' of Hay.
COMPLAINS
OF ATTACKS
ON GERMANY
X THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 3, 1901.
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Defends the
Course of the Government Against a Violent Arraignment by
Sir Willi,am Vernon Harcourt, Leader of the Liberals
EXPORT TAX ON COAL THE SUBJECT
OF BITTER DEBATE IN PARLIAMENT
7
kahway travel . ¦-'¦"-¦
BT lust a little better .
I than inf othtr train
I —a little better servtca— *
a a more homelika
1 . . • feeling on the
1 CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
I than you find elsewhere,';
H 'and it runs like (his
1 LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
| 9 an Men Tues Wed Thur Fri Sat Sun
I ARRIVES CHICAGO j
| 2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Son flon Toes Wed
| 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
I '{OHTHB ': 4
{SANTA FE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.;
Tr«Jaa !«••»»«• »_<! •»«-«• dnt >'• arrlv* a*
-AM rKANVIWO.
(—•la Line, Foot of -mrket 3lr««t.)
Uatb — rxoM Ana 7X 190L — ahum
ftSOABanleU, SuUon, Xbain, Vac*?12«,
Banuey ud baar— aento 7i3Si>
1i*Oa D»t1a, Woodland. Knight* Landing,
MujtTille, Orotllla. 7i3l r
7>3Oa Atlantic Kxprew-Ogd«n »od Km* lS:_)r
8:0«a M»rtinez,S»uUiiuou,V»lIejo.K»p*,
J.'w.' CalUtcj* and Santa Row SiftS*
8iOO_ liremiore, Stockton. Hanford, Yl_-
11*. PtatmniOa 4t33y
BiOOa JJIlrs. Lathiop, Merced, JWno, _v
bnfleld «:33f
' liSOA Shut* Express— DaviiLWilUisu (tot
Bartlett Springs). Willow*, R«d .
- Bh_T. PorUaiidT. :...,. 7iB3»
• iJOi Sail .lose. LlTennore. Stockton,
- Ion*. Elaonuainnto. Plaeerrllla.
IrlarriTillo. Cblco, Ks<l llluff 4iC5r
SiSOa Oak dale, Chinese (Yc«e_dte). 80-
Bora. Carters 4:25?
•t««A Hajwarda, Nilea and Way Stations. 1 IiS3a
ViOUiLn Anceies Exprasa — Martinez,
Traoy. L*throp. Mtoekton. Mexoaa
Fresno aud Los Annies 7x33*
BittOA Vall«j<i. Martlnex ami Way Stations Di33r
IOiOOa Tho OrerUnd Limited— O|d0D, Den-
»er, Omaha. Chicago 6i»3>
f ItOOr Baetainonto Ktter Sto»ni«rs -fStOWA
StSQp Haywarda. NUm aud Way KtaM~*s. 7i33»
•>3<>r Port Costs, Wsrtlnot Lathrop. Mer-
aed ; Berecda (Yosemiie), Fretoo.. ":23»
4iUilr Beulcla. Winters, Bacramento.
Woodland. KiiUhU Laudiu*.
Maryaville. Orotllla H»:33*
Itlap Martina*. Han Ramon, ValUJo,
Nairn. Oallatoga, Baiita llora MiS.Ia
4l00i- Nile*. Li»ermore. Stockton. Lodi... 10=334
4iHt»r Hspr*rds, Mien ManJu»e,LiTcnnar« t 1 * 1 -"* 3 -
3:O«f The Owl Limited— Traej. Stockton, .
Kreiuo, Bakersfleld. Baugtis for
Santa Baibaia. Lns Angdea »i33»,
SiDOr n»T«udi, JSiles aud Hau Jose 7i33*
I t°' 0(| !" Valleju -.... Mi33«
«iO«r Oriental Mall-Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chlcigo lai3S»
• >OOr Oriental -Mail— Ogden. , Denver.
Omaha. Chicago 4:S3v
7i00r Oregon and Ualifofnla Kxi>rea*,Hao.
rmnciitit. Marjsfille, Iteiil.lfnj,
' rortliu.nl. I'nget Nuund ami Kut SiSSa
Rin.t r San Pablo, Fnrt Costa. MarUnes
and Way Stations 1 1:53*
t»»O3r Vall>i<. 7»3.'»»
COAST LINE (Nurrorr U«n K e).
(Foot otM..rket Street.)
t7i-4!»A 8a. ata Omx Excursion to _»ta> Croi
and Principal Way Stations tSiOSy
! S<l8ANewark.O«u&erillle.SanJose,r«lton,
' S Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Htutlous 5i3O#
t*ISr Newark, Centerrine, Ban Joie. New
AlmadeD, Folton. llonlder Creek.
Bauta Crux and rriadpal Way
Statlous ., tl«t»«A
«il»r Ne-wk, 8au Jose. Los Gates | jio-illu
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
inm a* mscisco— r.«t .r HtrV«t »Ui.« tsii* 3)—
t7:15 t:00 U:OOa.bT. 1:03 3:00 8:13r>.>.
riisOilUlD— Fi«litBr«id«»T.— ?H;00 tH:0O t3:0f
10:80a.m. 12:00 3:03 • 1:03 r.M.
COAST LL\E (Bread (Jaiijre).
- -¦¦•.-- . (ThlrJ and Townseml Sts.)
«:I«*A South Han FraDCJucu. Palo Alto.... iia«r
16:13a Rail Jo«e nutl Way SUtlnns liSny
l*ioo a Sunday Ezcnnion for Ban Jtte. ,
8ant» Cms. Paeiflo Orore and
PrinedDal Way Stations.. ,. m ,... ta>3«9
tiOrfA Had Jose. Tres Hiidb. Santa ('nn,
PaeiHe Grove. talin3S Ban L_J
Oblepo ami Principal liiten nodl»U
KUbimii. 4ttOT
IOiSOa San Jcse and Way SUUons. 7>3«>r
/I«:S«A New Alinaden / 3:3oy
IliaOA Sau Jose ami Way Stations St-tty
13<4»p San Mateo. lledwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. SuiJmt,
Tres Finos. Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey anil l'acirto GroTe tiO«-*3*
liffl»r San .lose and Way Stations 6:3»A
flxISr San Jose and Principal Way Statlous »>-I3a
ia>O«r San Jose. Los Gates and Principal
Way Stations t»«OO»
St3»r Ran Jose and Principal Way Statlous 8>3WA
•ilSr New Orleans Exprena, 8s n Jose.
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles. Deta-
in?. El Paso. New Orleans and East 7i 1 0 a
•i!3p Del Monte, Monterey. Padflc Giore.
Loapoo lo»S3r>
atSOr San Jose anil Way Stations t »:•>•• A
1l»4apSan JosaapdWay Stations 7s30»
? for Morning. Pfor Afteruoon. "
t Sunday eicepted, t "nnday only.
% Saturday only. J Tnesda»i 1 and Fridays*
CALIFORBU HORTHWESTERH RT. CO.
LESSEE .
SAN FRANCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
Ssus Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAT&— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
¦ Urn Rafael Xm Sam Franeise*
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:«.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:a5
and 8:35 p. m. J _* -'
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
5:03. 6:23 p. ra. _1"^T -x '
Between San Francisco and Scnuetzen Park \
same schedule aa above.
Leave J In Effect I Arrlv«
San Francisco. fApril 28. 1901-1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Weelc
Days. ( days. ( Destination. I days. I Daya.
7:30 am S:C0am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm 10:2S am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsbur;, 10:40 am •
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
S:30 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm S-.I0 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 amlfiMK am
3:30 pm| 8:C0 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| <:20 p'fB
7:30 am| j~ 110:40 am|10:25 am .
I 8:00 ami Guernevllle. 7:35 pml
3:30 pm] 5:00 pm| | 6:20 pm,
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 19:15 am 8:40 am
»nd . * -¦ - ¦ .
8:10 pm 6:00 pm| Glen Ellen.. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am) 8:00 ami 110:40 am|lO:23 am
3:30 pml 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and -White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for AHruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
! for the Geysers: at Hopland for Dunes n
Springs. Highland Sprlngrs. Kelseyville, CarH-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. . Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, "Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley'a, Buclcnolis.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvtlle, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bras?. West-
port. Usal. Wlllits. Laytonvllle. ¦ Cummin*.
Bell's Fprines, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San rtafaal at half rates.
Ticket Office — 630 Market Street. Chronicle
Bulldlns.
- H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
/^fck Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/l^tnJfqi 629 KEARXY ST. Established
SS*}f^?K»iii 1H34 for the treatment of prlv..tn
jfflJJk^fCw Diseases. Ix>-»t llanbood. Debllitr or
fHSS&EjTJ&rilKeasewearin^on body anil mind and
Disfases. The Doctorcnres when
_S_HH_iSother8 fall. Try him. charges low.
r- i ..«--.« Call or write.
Br. J. JF. aiBBOJi. S_ii Francisco. Cal. '
' ' - " - *-* - '-"'
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM1ANA BrTTEBS. TUB .
great Mexican remedy; glvea . health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 lUritet.
ADVEaTISEMENTS. {
My RHEuflATISn CURE is Just as
certaipto cure rheumatism as water
is to quench thirst. No matter what
part of the body the pain may be In
or whether it is acute or. chronic,
nUNYON'S RHEUHATISH CURE
will drive it out in a few hours, and
fully cure in a few days. — I1UNYON.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure will cure any caso of
indigestion or stomach trouble. ¦ •' _
Ninety per . cent, of kidney complaints, including;
the earliest stages of Bright 's Disease, can be. cored
with Munyon's Kidney Cure. ;.'..¦ . . .
Munyon'sCatarrhCurewill cure catarrhof the head,
throat and stomach, nomattcr of how long standing.
' Nrrvous affections anddiscasfscf the hcartarecon-
trolled andcurcd by Munyon'sNerve and HrartCurr.
Munyon'sCold Cure will break upanyformof cold.
Muny oil's Vitalizer restores lose powers to weak
men. Price $r: ... •» rv. ' ¦
The Guide tn Health (free) tells about diseases
and their cure. Get it at any drug store, -The Cures
are all on sale there, mostly at 35 cents,, a viaL -
¦ Munyon, New York nnd Phi'adelphia.T
MPNTOX"* IVH • jr.>* «TT"E> •'ATACBII.
DR. MEYERS & CD, _£g?lfc
Specialists. Dls- aSj^ t ' '¦
ease and Weakness Wtf/ _-J
of men. Estab- .ftS|f
lished 18S1. Consul- II X3»W
tatlon and prlvat^ \3Wft. ' /—.A. >
book free, at office Tlulfi rf^fmSt
or by mall. Cures HKr/v wUIStSH*
guaranteed. 7S1 fsslt mrma
Market street (ele- >tv 'WMSSBT
vator entrance), 1^*smBl.
San Francisco. -«ggy f>?g% r — gr___fc
D"DTTC!TJ|7Q F0R BARBERS. BAK-
Dli U OH J-O ers. bootblacks, bath-
.- houses, . billiard tables,
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers nourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers,' painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen,- tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
• BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
AMUSEMENTS. .
ijL"f* HEATR E r
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY,
LAST THREE NIGHTS
TTHEB
Next Week, Revival by Request,
"FRIENDS."
' SALE OF SEATS NCTW ON.
Prices— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MR* JAMBS NEiILL
AND THE NEILL COMPANT.
Presenting SolvSmith Russell's Greatest Com-
edy Hit,
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE,"
IDurinB the NEIL.L. En«ragem*nt SPECIAL I
BARGAIN MATINEES— THURSDAYS— I
; PRICES. 25c , and 50c. |
EVENINGS ...25c, 85c, 60c. 75c. IL00
SATURDAY MATINEE ...25c, SOc. 75c
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— Augustln Daly's
fine comedy success, "THE LOTTERY OP
LOVE."
In Preparation "BARBARA FR1ETCHIE"
GRAND 1 OPERA HOUSE
/ . — — ¦ V- 1
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
BALANCE OF THIS WEEK.
FLORENCE STONE and JACK WEBSTER
In Archibald Clavering Gunter"s Great Drama,
MR. BARNES OF
NEW YORK.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 23c, 50c. A Few Seats 75c
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
NEXT WEEK,
"SON OF ivAPOLEON",
BEIASCO*"'* THAWS jfcgflg.
_gf»y BJ_\ H Bl jfi _?t\ r 5 1 *^^^^^^V SX.
A BIG TEN
HIT; NIGHTS
A 1 Great Performance. V jy » «
2 NIGHTS MORE.. I lN A ,
MATINEE TO-MOR- - D A D
row •;; z:<- O /\ 1<
. AND SUNDAY. . / ¦ _-
The Great Melodrama, ROO1W.
PDirCC EVENINGS .10c. 15c, 25c. J5c. 50c
InlbC.? MATINEES 10c. lie. 25c
Next Week— Magnificent Production of.
"THE OCTOROON."
RACTNG I .PACING! I RACING !
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUii.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday,' Tuesday," Wednesday, Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. -1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.', connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track, i Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickfets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct. to the track In fifteen minutes.;-..;
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:43 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WTLLIAMS JR.", President. .
. -R.B.; MILROY, Secretary.
CHUTES, ANDJZOO SKBSS
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
iv7- LBAH MAY/ the Giantess.
•3:- TO-MORROW NIGHT— CAKE WALK
And GANS-McGOVERN FIGHT PICTURES.
,— COMMENCING. SUNDAY.'.
FOREST SEABURY. the world's famous high 1
¦ diver. ',''-.
Telephone for Seats — Parto.23.
BAS_£^AlLlJ.
SACRAMENTO'vs OAKLAND.
Thursday and Friday, "Ladies' Days,"
AT 3:15 JR." M.
RECREATION FA RK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
AMTJSEM-H-TS.
TH3 ACME OF UP-TO-DATE VAUDEVILLE
THE GREAT
AGOUST FAilLY,
Mclntyre and Heath.
! BARNES AND SISSON. AX.P GRANT.
CLAYTON. JENKINS AND JASPER, MLLK.
ADELAIDE.
• Last Week of THE GREAT GOLDIN.
The Blograph, among: other views, sho-wrs !
QUEEN VICTORIA'S
LAST PUBLIC APPEARANCE.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. SOc. * -
Matinees -Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
*TIVilLI*
Evenings at S. Matinee Saturday at I.
"IT SHINES AS BRIGHTLY AS EVER."
IDOLS EYE
"HOOT MON."
"THE TOT MAKER"— Next Production.
First Time In This City.
POPULAR PRICES _c _nd Mo
-¦ Telephone— Bush 9.
If* ft I 1 1 M D I H m FRANCISCO'S
yUkUIYlD! A LEADING THEATRE
SfA J NOW '
™-E GOING
ACj I ON, I
HARBOR!
First Presentation in This City of JAMES A.
HERNITS New Play
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
FISCHER'S CON A $£2L.. H .ScV SE -
O. S. 'Wanrell. L~ Mont Juvenile Co., May-
belle Bowman, Golden West Comedy Trio, Gus
Leonard. Thatcher and Chenowetn and Paraa-
kova Sandolln.
Reserved seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
UPALACE HOTELS
Visitors to Ban Francisco who mako
their headauarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts itnd convtniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
«»GRAND HOTEL- 1
BAT-WAY TRAVEL.
Santa- Fe
Trains— Daily: ;^
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.'
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Daily. Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:2»p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno... 2:20 p 2:33 p 3:05 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4*45 a
"¦ Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning:, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. .Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
3:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:33 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stooping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— «41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112. Broadway,
Oakland. ___________________ '
291 Hours.
Wabash
Tourist Cars
Lv. Chicago.. 11 a. m.,' Mondays and Thursdays.
Arr. Boston...5:20 p. m.. Tuesdays and Fridays.
Arr. New Tork..3:30 p. ra., Tuesdays & Fridays.
You can use Santa Fe. Rock Island. Burling-
ton or Union Pacific excursions to connect with
Wabash. Tourist . cars. Inquire of your agent
for particulars.
/ ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. Ast..
. Los Angeles. CaL
C. S. CRANE. G. P. Agt.. /
' - St. Louis. Mo.
/ • . '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
;•-.; Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 190L
FROM.SAN a FRANCISCO TOMHJ. VALLET
WEEK DAYS— «:65, 8:30. »9:30, 11:00 a. m..
12:45. *l:45. 3:15. 4:15, 5:15, »6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA. TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on' Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. »9:00. •10:00. U.-OO. 11:30
a m., 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. *3:45, 5:00, 6:00, 7:30 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. ¦ '
Trains marked '(*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
• WEEK DAYS— '5:25. 8:27. 7:47. 8:33 10:15
a. m.. •12:25 J 1:15. 2:20. «3:33. 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on •=• Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15. •8:00.'«:45. »11:00 a. m., •_
m.. 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30. »5:45. 6:43. 7:30. 10:10
"'Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY8-6:4S. 6:43. 7:55, • 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:33. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 8:00, 10:05. 11:10 a..m.. 12:_,
l'2O 2"30. 3:45. 5:00, 6:13. 7:15, 10:30 p. m. -
'. THROUGH TRAINS.
- 6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
' 3:15 p. tn.' Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:13 p. m. week days (Saturdays exceptefl)—
Tomales and way stations.
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Vim H«u.«lit. r»rr j— Toot of Market St.* • "
if n •r.^.-wsH- days *r< hh :
8«0a.m.) f 12:15 p. m.
9:00 a. M. 1:15 f. M.
10:00 A. M.I SnVDAV4 J 330 P.M.
1150 A.M. f SUNDAYS „ t 4;50 p
1:30 p.m. SJOp.m.
2:3u p. _. J (. 7:in p. m. .
. Fare. San PrvMteM t» Sim-am tad Rrtm-n. $1.40 .
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sausalito Perry.TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE. * '
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times ¦ and Heights of High -and Low
Waters at • Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official, au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦._.. -_:,-
NOTE— The ¦ high and low waters • occur, at
the city front (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the< same at both places.
FRIDAY, MAY 3.
NOTE— In the 'above exposition of the -tides
the early morning tides are given In, the -left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day. in the order, of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tid«
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the .United
States Coast Survey . Charts, except when ; a
minus ( — ) sigrn , precedes the , height, -and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. ¦ The . plane ' of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters. •.-/ ir
SALEM, Or. , May 2 —At Champoeg,
where the provisional government of Ore
gon was organized fifty-eight years ago,
a beautiful monument, commemorative of
the event, was to-day unveiled. Over 2000
people from all parts of Oregon wit
nessed the imposing • spectacle when
Francis X. Matthieu, the only survivor of
the patriotic band of fifty-two Americans
who voted for American sovereignty on
May 2, 1843,. unveiled the beautiful granite
shaft amid the cheering of the throng,
martial music-and the deep tones of the
whistles of half a dozen river steamers.
It was an inspiring sight, witnessed by
the Governor, other State officers, the Su
preme Court, leading citizens of 'the
State, numerous pioneers. Native Sons
and Native Daughters, ' when the aged
PRESIDENT OE CHILE
i ¦ i IS IN ILL HEALTH
of Absence.
Will Turn Over Presidency to Prime
'. Minister and Ask for Leave
VALPARAISO, Chile, May 2.— President
Errazuriz has issued, a decree in which
he declares that "important personal mo
tives" prevent him from fulfilling his con
stitutional function until after next June.
He explains in a letter directed to the
Governors of the provinces that in view
of the 'fact that Senor Jermain Riesco, a
relative of his, is "a candidate for the
Presidency and "because of the disability
imposed upon the President by republican
principles when a relative is a candidate
he would send a message to Congress so
liciting, leave of absence until June-25. It
ha*t been previously announced that ow
ing to ill-health President Errazuriz will
turn over the Presidency of Chile to Prime
Minister Za.nartu. .
KING VICTOR EMMANUEL
TO CREATE A NEW ORDER
It . Will Confer Honors on Citizens
Distinguished Among 1 the La
boring Classes."
' ;.¦ boring Classes.
. ROME, May 2.— The Capitan Faciassl of
this city announces that King Victor Em
manuel will sign a?decree next Sunday
creating a new order to be known as the
Order of the Knights of Labor, which will
be conferred upon ' citizens, including
workmen, distinguished : in labor ques
tions or the amelioration of the condition
of the laboring classes.
AMERICAN" SYNDICATE
I.ENDS ENGLAND , MDLIiONS
000,000 Toward the Transvaal
i ii'/V.'War Deficit. ,/•??;
Pierpont. Morgan. Advances £10,'
LONDON, May 2.— In the House of Com
mons to-day the Chancellor of the Exche
quer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, replying- to
Mr/Channlng (Liberal), said £30,000,000 of
the new loan had been allotted as follows:
To ; the Rothschilds, £11,000,000; to J. P.
Morgan & Co., £10,000,000, and to the Bank
of England; £9,000,000. * v" ,- ... -^ •
Many Die From Typhoid Fever.
.. BERLIN, May- 2.— An epidemic 'of
typhoid fever has broken out ! in several
of the forts and villages in the neighbor
hood of Metz. • The Eighth Bavarian Reg
iment has alone lost sixteen men from the
disease and has 281 men sick. . • < , .,\~ "•"
Brilliant - Comet Seen.
.SANTIAGO DE CHILE, May 2.-^A*bril
liant, comet was seen soon after- sunset'
this eveninE in the .. western ¦ skv^ .* -7">,
•::-, ¦¦: ¦¦;' • ¦ ' ¦ ' ''¦,''
survivor drew aside the silken folds of
Old Glory, displaying to the gaze of thou
sands the shaft bearing the following in
scription: "Erected on Thursday, May 2
1901. to honor of the first American gov
ernment on the Pacific Coast, organized
here Tuesday, May 2, 1843. fifty-two per
sons voting for, lifty against."
The names of the fifty-two persons vot
ing at the so-called "wolf meeting" in 1842
are inscribed on the monument. The
shaft stands in romantic surroundings on
the high -bank of the Willamette River
with fir-clad hills surrounding the scene
and the majestic stream flowing by a
hundred feet away. The spot was the
first white settlement above Fort Van
couver in the Willamette Valley.
Addresses were made by Governor T T
Geer and well-known pioneers on the his
toric significance of the monument. The
principal speech, prepared by H. W. Scott
the veteran editor of the Oregonian, was
in his absence, delivered by his neDhew'
W. S. Duniway. . . - '
The affair will live long in the memory
of all those who witnessed it and the erec
tion of the monument by the State will
quicken Interest in the history of the early
struggles of the commonwealth, foster pa
triotism and make old Champoeg, in the
minds of future gene'rations. the Bunker
Hill of. Oregon and the Northwest Pacific
Coast.
PITTSBURG. May 2.— The intense heat
of yesterday and to-day practically closed
several of the bar mills in the city and
badly crippled others. Several workmen
were completely exhausted and others
were almost prostrated.
Workmen Overcome by Heat.
RECOMMENDS PARDON
OF MILITAiRY STUDENTS
General Vannovski Favors Return of
Absentees From the Russian
j Medical Academy.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 2.— It is re-
ported here that the Ministry for War is
contemplating reorganizing the military
medical academy, where the, students are
subjected to military discipline and are re
quired to serve three years as military
surgeons after graduation. This academy
is the principal Russian medical college.
General Vannovski, the Minister of Pub
lic Instruction, made a report to the Czar
last week recommending the pardoning of
the soldier students and other absentees
from the universities and permitting them
to return in August, for the examinations,
their military service to continue -until
then." ¦ . , .-¦¦•.
RUSSIA NEGOTIATING
SEVERAL LARGE LOANS
Part of the Money Will. Be Supplied
by English and American •
.' ';,! . Bankers.'
BERLIN, May 2.-The Vossische Zei
tung" prints -a special dispatch from St.
Petersburg announcing, that Russia has
virtually arranged with France for loans
amounting to 500,000,000 francs, and that
another .Russian loan is being negotiated
with English and American bankers in
London. The 'llspatch further says .that
the Czar is planning for a trip abroad
during next August, and that he will visit
Copenhagen, Darmstadt and Vienna.
STRIKING MINERS CAUSE
SERIOUS DISTURBANCES
They Attack the Police and One "of
Their Number Is .'- ' ¦ :
Killed.
MURCIA, Spain, May .2.— A thousand
men are out on a : strike at the "Agullas
mines. ...The company.. has. refused the
men's proposals and there have been seri
ous disturbances. Some of the miners
fired on the police guarding the property,
and' the gendarmes charged the crowd,
killing one man and wounding several
others. , . -
Glass-Blowers' Wages Raised. >
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2.— As the result
of a national conference of window glass
interests held here to-day, it was decided
to. close down nearly all \he factories in
the United States on May 11 and give all
employes an advance In wuges of 15 -per
cent. The result: of the conference affects
2750 glassblowers* and 15,000 other . em
ployes, all of whose wages will be in
creased 15 per cent.
,* -*" — ¦ — - ' .' ¦ .¦"
Composer Mascagni to Visit America.
• LONDON; May 3.— A '- dispatch to the'
Daily': Express , from". Vienna say a > that
Pietro Mascagnl, . the _ Italian composer,
has^signed a contract for a tour of the
United States. He will start October 15
and take -with* him -an orchestra of eighty
members. His personal stipend -will be
£2000 a week for eight weeks. ¦..¦;•.- -^
Actor and Actress 'Wed.
LONDON, May 2.-Phyllis Rankin,
daughter ; of McKee Rankin, the :'Ameri-*
can -actor, and Harry ¦ Davenport . of ¦ the
Edna May Company and .brother of the
late Fanny Davenport, were ' married be
fore the Registrar here to-day.
* Appointed Governor of; Berlin.
.: BERLJN, ; May 2.— General von Hannke,
until recently chief of the Emperor's, mili
tary . cabinet, - has been - appointed ' Gover
nor of . Berlin. , He • is ¦< succeeded in the
military, cabinet by- General Hurlsen von
•Haesler. , • -
Sailed May 2— Stmr Georgian, for New
York; stmr Tunistan, for- Quebec and Mont
real, via Moville;. 8tmr Vancouver, for Port
land, Me.
Steamer Movements.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 2— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Sailed May 2— Stmr La Bretagne, for Havre;
stmr Columbia, for Hamburg:; stmr Koenig-en
Luise, fcr Bremen.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 1— Stmr New
England, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. . ' ¦ .
Sailed May 2— Stmr Majestic, from Liverpool,
for New York; stmr Rhnyland, from Liverpool,
for Philadelphia. » . .' :
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed May 2— Stmr
Mesaba, from New York, for London.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived May 2— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York.
Sailed May 2— Stmr Rotterdam, for Boulogne
and New York. ¦ •
MARSEILLES— Arrived May 2— Stmr Kara
mania, from New York.' •
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived May 1— Stmr Brae
mer. from Tacoma, for Port Arthur.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 2— Stmr Phila
delphian, <rom New York. ,V -
BRISBANE— Sailed April 26— Br stmr Moana,
for- Vancouver.
- BREMEN— Sailed April 29— Ger ship Sirene,
for Honolulu.
COLON— Arrived April 30-Stmr Alllanca,
from New York. »
Sailed April 30— Stmr Advance, fcr New
York. . ••
ALGOA BAY— Arrived April 4— Ship Star of
France, from Port Gamble. • .
Calcutta she was caught in a cyclone and
her decks were swept clean. The bul
warks were smashed in, charthouse
washed overboard, deckhouse wrecked,
cabin flooded and forecastle gutted. Luck
ily the masts stood and the ship reached
port, but it cost $20,000 to repair the dam
age.
The Liverpool was next chartered to
load coal oil at Philadelphia for Hiogo,
Japan. She was 184 days making the run,
and at one time SO per cent was paid to
reinsure vessel and cargo. The ship was
for forty-five days off the Japanese coast
and was caught in the storms that dis
masted the Otto Gildermeister and Willy
Rickmers. The wind blew with hurricane
force, and twice the ship was stripped of
even the small amount of canvas that
was set.
From Hiogo the Liverpool came to San
Francisco, making the run in steamboat
time. Three days before the Golden Gate
was sighted she logged 365 miles in twen
ty-four hours, and Captain Lewis says she
can do it again. ' •
FREIGHT CABS BLOCK THE WAY
Ferry Slip at Foot of Second Street
Cannot Be Used.
Two freight cars laden with machinery
went into the ferry slip at the foot of
Seccnd street yesterday, and in conse
quence the freight steamer Thoroughfare
could not dock there during the day. The
acrident was caused by an engineer back
ing: his train too fast. The heavy cars
went on to the apron with a rush, and be
fore the train could be started ahead the
apron gave way and two cars went into
the bay. A gang cf men was at once put
to work clearing the obstruction, but it
will be Saturday probably before the slip
can be used again.
In the meantime Sdl the Southern Pacific
Company's freight is going and coming
by way of San Jose. No one was hurt in
the accident.
More Boom for Transports.
With the consent of the Harbor Com
missioners the transport service and the
American-Hawaiian steamship line have
made an exchange that will benefit both
parties. The big vessels of the steamship
line will in future dock at Steuart-street
wharf, while the transport service will
take possession of Howard No. 3. The
bulkhead between Folsom and Howard
will be fenced in and all buildings now
congregated around the Folsom-street
landing will have to be moved. The
chances are that the Harbor Commission
ers will move the float to the dock be
tween Howard 2 and 3, 60 the boatmen
will not be inconvenienced very much.
The transport Lawton went on the dry
dock yesterday. She will be followed by
the Samoa to-day.
Water Front Notes.
E. Mercer, an apprentice boy, fell down
the hold of the British ship Cambusdoon
yesterday. He was badly cut about the
head and suffered greatly from the shock.
Drs. von der Leitb. and Bauer dressed his
wounds at the Harbor Hospital, and later
was removed to St. Mary's Hospital. ¦
A rope became entangled in the propeller
blades of the tug Miller yesterday and she
had to be towed back to Howard-street
wharf. A diver was sent down and cut
the rope away.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
panyls-Peru sails for Central and South
A«i€rlcan ports to-day. She takes away
nineteen cabin passengers and 1200 tons of
freight for Central America and 1200 tons
for South America.
¦ Lightship Xo. 70 Is back on the bar
again after a thorough overhauling:.
The French, barks Jane Guillon and
Francois arrived from Newcastle. Austra
lia, yesterday. The former was 95 and the
latter 75 days making the run. .
The steamer Colon sailed for Port Los
Angeles yesterday and will take a load of
Porto Ricans from there to Hawaii.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN
The Dowan Hill has been chartered prior to
crrival to load wheat for Europe at 32s 6d;
the Eurasia, same, at 6d; the Jane Gulllon,
same, at 36s 3d; the barks Albert and Kaiulanl
will load merchandise for Honolulu; the Inver
garry. wheat for Europe, 25s; the Cypromene.
wheat at Portland for • Europe. 36s 3d; the
Lyderhora, wheat at Tacoma for Europe, Z5s
A Cargo for Petropaulofski.
The schooner Muriel cleared yesterday for
Petropauloftkl with a gener&l cargo valued at
$22,6S5, Including the following merchandise:
43 cs arms and ammunition, 2127 lbs butter,
19.707 rbs bread, 300 lbs coffee, 78 colls cordage,
2000 'gals coal oil. 101 at canned goods, 33 pkgs
dry goods, 1S00 lbs dried fruit. 3590 bbls flour,
13 pkgs fruit, 351 pkgs groceries and provisions,
22 cs glassware, 110 C3 hardware, 35 bales hay,
10 bbls lime, 202,800 ft lumber, 37 kegs nails,
229 pkgs paint. 130 bdls shingles, 50 cs boots
and shoes, 6 cs stationery. S7 pkgs stoves and
fixtures. 970.600 lbs salt. 8 bales twine. 797
gals wine, 22 bbls vinegar, 29 pkgs wood and
willow ware. •
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The eteamer -Walla Walla, . which . sailed
Wednesday f #r Victoria;- carried a cargo valued
at $20,164. The following were the principal
shipments: 5 cyls ammonia, 8 cs arms and
ammunition, 7S42 lbs butter, 1972 lbs chocolate,
1209 lbs coffee, 125 cs canned goods. 10.157 lbs
dried fruit, 15 cs drugs, 26 cs extracts. 379
-Jt»» fruit »ni vegetables. 70 bbls flour, 113
pkgs groceries and provisions, 21 cs "honey. 164
bdls iron, 136 bxs lemons, 6 pkgs machinery.
24,040 lbs malt, 250 tins matches, 80 bxs onions,
418 bxs oranges, 115 bxs paste, 103 bxs raisins,
907 lbs tobacco, 5SS pigs tin, 7 cs 344 gals wine.
Shipping Intelligence.
AKK1VE11
Thursday, May 2.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Aberdeen, Jensen, 84 hours from San
Pedro.
* Stmr Navarro, Hansen, 10 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, B8 hours from Vic
toria and Puset Sound ports.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicholson, 40 hours from
Port Harford. • • ¦
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours front
Mendoclno. - .
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.'
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, B0 hours from Cooa
Bay.
Etmr Glp6y, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 25 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 52 hours from
San Dieso and way ports.
' Stmr W H Kruger, Krogr, 47 hours from San
Pedro.
Bark Haydn Brown, Paulsen, 12 days from
Tacoma. - .
Ft baik Francois, Arnaudtizou, 75 day* from
Newcastle, Aus.
Brig W ' G Irwin, Donnelly, 8 days from
Roche Harbor.
Schr Glen, Nelson, S\i days from Coos Bay.
Schr Mayflower, Goodmansen, 7 days from
Coquille River.
Schr Newark. Crangle, 12 hours from Stew
arts Point.
Schr Jennie | Griffin, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes. , ¦ ¦
CLEARED*
Thursday, May 2.
Etmr Color., M<;Klnnon, Honolulu, via Port
Los Angeles; Mail SS Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria;" Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Bark Mauna . Ala, Smith, Honolulu; J D
S^reckels & Bros Co. '
Schr Muriel, Wikander, Petropaulovskl ;
Roth, Blum & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, May 2.
Stmr Colon. McKlnnon, Honolulu, via Port
Los 'Aneeles.
Stmr Aberdeen. Jensen. Eureka,
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, . ,
Stmr Dora, Knudsen. Seattle.
Stmr Mackinaw, Uttlefleld. Seattle.
Stmr Cella, Iliggine, • . ,
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, Crescent City.
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom, Caspar.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nlcolson. .
Ger stmr Tanls, May, Hamburg, etc.
Lightship No 70. Turner, lightship moorings.
Bark Mauna Ala. Smith, Honolulu.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu. !
Schr S Danlelson. Nelson, ' Siuslaw River.
Schr Muriel. Wlkender. Petropaulovskl
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
SPOKEN,
March 31, lat 33 S, Ion 29 W— Br ship Tor
rlsdale, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
April 12, lat 3 S. Ion 37 W— Ger ship Paul
Rlckxners, tromS Vancouver, for London.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 2, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind N\V, velocity 16-mlles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EASTERN PORT.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 2— U S stmr Rose
crans, hence April 28. - ,
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed May 2 — Schr
John A Camnbell, for Honolulu.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 2— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco. %
COOS BAY— Sailed May 2— Stmr Argo, foe
San Francisco. -• .
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 2— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco. . v ", '
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 2— Br Btmr
Adato, from/Nanaimo.
Sailed outward May 2— Schr C H Merchant,'
for Lahalna. . • .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 1— Schr
North Bend, hence April 16.
Sailed May 1— Schrs Guide and Lena Swea
sey. for San Francisco. „' / -
TACOMA— Arrived May 2— Bark : Gatherer,
hence April 16. ( ¦
Arrived May 2— Br Btmr Queen Adelaide,
from Yokohama, t .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 2— Schr Oka
nown, for Bristol Bay; bktn Skagit, for Hono
lulu. . •
BANDON— Sailed May 2— Schr Corinthian, .
for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK-Arriyed May 2— Br Btmr
Adato, from Nanaimo.'
EUREKA— Sailed May 2— Schr Lottie Car
son, for San Pedro: schr J G Wall, for San
Francisco; stmr North Fork, for San Fran
cisco. • • '
ASTORIA— Arrived May 2— Ger ships Mag
dalene and.NaJade Alsterschwan, from Yoko-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 2— Br
Btmr Algoa, from Oyster Harbor. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Sailed May 1— Stmr Eureka, for
San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Sailed April 30— Stmr City of
PcWng. for San Francisco. •
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed May 1— Schr.
Prosjwr, for Honolulu.
HIOGO— Sailed April Z—ShlD Tlllte E Star
buck, for Honolulu.
BREMEN— Sailed March 21— Ger bark Werra,
for Honolulu.
SYDNEY— Arrived May 1-Shlp: Kennebec,
from Port Hadlock. Aoril 30— Br stmr Mio
wera, from Vancouver. - ...»--
NOUMfcA- Arrived May 1—Bktn "Wrestler,
from Port Blakeley. . ....-,
CORONEL— Arrived May 1— Stmr American,
from Hllo. for Philadelphia. •:•¦ .-
LONDON— Arrived May 1— Br ship . Spring
burn, hence Dec 18. ¦ - . > .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed April 30— Stmr City ot
Peking, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 29-^-Br stmr Empress of Japan,
from Vancouver. - ¦
PANAMA— In sort to Ball Aoril 21— Er stmr
Guatemala, for San Francisco. ¦ --..-¦
TABLE BAY— Sailed April 4— Ger bark Gus
ts^ and Oscar/ for Port Townscnd. ,
BRITISH SHIP LIVERPOOL. THAT ARRIVED HERE FROM JAPAN WEDNESDAY IN S.TEAMSHIP TIME, IS
MORE THAN 3000 TONS NET BURDEN AND IS ONE OF THE FEW VESSELS SQUARE RIGGED ON FOUR
MASTS THAT HAVE BEEN SEEN IN THIS PORT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i * . ¦ N old-time cracksman, who holds
1 /\V a cons Pi cuous place on the criml-
ZA\ nal calendar of San Francisco,
A. W. has just come to grief in Chicago
and is almost sure' to round . off
his career in prison with a long-term sen
tence in the Illinois penitentiary at Joliet*.
Chicago papers mention the arrest by, the
Hyde Park police of "Pap" Jones, aged 5S
years. Inspector Hunt in speaking of the
capture said:
"I think I have the captain of a gang of
four cracksmen. I am satisfied that Jones
was in the gang that robbed the safe of
Felichenfeld Bros.' store, because a paper
found on him shows where a division of
$600 between four men had been made."
' Intelligence of the arrest. was conveyed
to W. A. Pinkerton in San Francisco, who
advised Captain John Seymour, Chief of
Detectives, of the capture. At first Cap
tain Seymour did not recognize that the
man taken was Edward Fagan. - The name
"Pap" Jones was misleading, but mem
ory was refreshed when the given name
"Edward" was mentioned.
Edward Fagan, alias W. L". Jewett,
whose true name is believed to be Edward
Jones,' hails from the State of Connecti
cut. In 1S69 he robbed the safe of Neu
berger & Co.. brokers, on Montgomery
street, San Francisco. . He was sentenced
to San Quentin for a term of five years.
On the expiration of his term of servitude
he went to Placer County and was there
arrested for burglary. He gave the name
of W. L. Jewett. Another term in State's
prison was set down to his account. De
siring to investigate other prison resources
of the. coast he went to Oregon. and com
mitted burglary. In this northern enter
prise he assumed the name of James Hay
den. He was sent to the Oregon State
Prison in November, 18S3.
Early in 1888 he was again a free man
and his inclination impelled him to return
to scenes of burglarious activity in San
Francisco. Without wasting much time
in pursuits of idle enjoyment, he resumed
the business by opening a safe > in the
South Park Brewery. With his usual Ill
luck he was captured and again assigned
to another term at San Quentin. He was
discharged in 1893. There is no indication
that he Is sharing largely in the current
prosperity, as the "mem." found in his
pocket credits him with only $200 as his
share of J the spoils derived from the last
burglary in Chicago. . . ,
OREGON PERPETUATES DEEDS
OF HEROES IN ENDURING STONE
Monument to the Men Who Organized the Provisional
Government Unveiled on Bank of the Willamette.
FATHER DROWNS' HIMSELF
AND FOUR CH.MiT>RE~S
Body of One of the Victims Recov
ered From the River Near
Fort Snelling.
ST. PAUL, Minn., May 2.— The body of
the 9-year-old Rosenfleld boy was taken
from the river near Fort Snelling to-day..
This is believed to confirm the police sus
picion that William Rosenfleld drowned
hia four 'children and himself one week
ago. The crime was most brutal. The
father abducted the children, who were in
the custody of their mother at Minne
apolls^and securing a rig drove with them
to the river. .
William Rosenfleld, the father, had been
separated from- his wife, who lives in
Minneapolis. Rosenfield lived in St. Paul.
One week ago Rosenfleld hired- a buggy
and took his children from relatives who
were keeping them. He tried to prevail
on his wife to accompany him, but she
refused. The next morning the horse was
found wandering by the river side. The
body found to-day was positively identi
fied. A systematic search will now be
made to find the other bodies.
LARGE SMELTING PLANT
CLOSES IN MONTANA
Management and Employes of Ameri
can Smelting Company Unable
to Agree on Wages.
HELENA. Mont.. May 2.— The manage
ment and the employes of the American
Smelting Company's plant at East Helena
being unable to reach an agreement on
the wage question, all departments of the
smelter were closed to-night- Six hun
dred men are affected. The East Helena
plant being the only custom lead smelter
in this part of- the country, its closing
may , result in the shutting down of nu
merous mines throughout the State.
MORGAN COMBINATION"
BUYS NEW COAL FIELDS
Ten Million Dollars Invested in ths
Hocking and Sunday Creek
Valleys.
ATHENS. Ohio, May 2.— From an au-
thority which seems indisputable there
comes the information that almost the
entire coal industry of the Hocking and
Sunday Creek valleys will come under the
management of the gigantic combination
of capital of which J. P. Morgan is tLe
head. A conservative estimate of the
amount involved in the deal approximate
ly places it at from $7,000,000 to $10,000,000.
New Chilean Cabinet.
VALPARAISO, Chile. May 2.— The new
Chilean Cabinet is as follows: Minister of
the Interior, Anibal Zenartu; Minister of
Foreign Affairs, Luis M. Rodriguez; Min
ister of Finance, Juan L. San Fuentes;
Minister of Justice and Public Education.
Ramon Escobar; Minister of War and
Navy. General Wenceslao Bulnes; Minis
ter of Industry and Public Works, Joa
quin Fernandez Blanco. The political sit
uation is calm.
"Will Honor American Visitors.
LONDON, May 2.— The Chamber of
Commerce has selected a large committee,
including Lords Rothschild. Avebury.
Revelstoke and Hillingdon. the Lord May
or, Frank Green and Sir Thomas Lipton,
to receive the visiting delegates of the
New York Chamber of Commerce. Be
sides a banquet, a garden party will be
given in honor of the American visitors.
YOKOHAMA, May 2.— In consequence
of the continued postponement .by the
Japanese Minister of Finance, Viscount
Watanabe, of the carrying out of the ex
pected public works, the Cabinet crisis
reached a climax yesterday. Marquis Ito,
the Premier, after the Cabinet meeting,
proceeded to the palace and tendered hi3
resignation to the Mikado. P "\ ' "-
All the other members of the Cabinet
did likewise, with the exception of the
Minister of War, Baron Kodama. ' It is
asserted that Marquis Ito advised Em
peror Mutushito to entrust the task of
forming a new Cabinet to Marquis Yam
agata, whose government resigned last
October, but it is doubtful whether Mar
quis Yamagata will accept the responsi
bility. The probability is . that. Marquis
Ito will reinstate the Cabinet, • excluding
Viscount Watanabe. 1 .
Special Dispatch *to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., "WASHINGTON, May 2.—Notwith
standing the efforts of the administration
it 4 seems that the powers are determined
to exact an indemnity from China in ex
cess of ¦ that which she . can reasonably
pay: Following the calls made by Em
bassador Cambon | of France, Mr..Rogest
vensky, representing the Russian Embas
sador,-and other diplomats vupon Acting
Secretary Hill to-day It was learned that
the authorities here feel assured I that the
report- that the Iuitid sum of indemnity
to be demanded has been fixed at $273,
000,000 is correct. This represents a com-:
promise between the exorbitant amounts
originally claimed and the limit proposed
by the United States. What powers have
reduced their claims is not kjiown, but
as the claims have all been liled the in
demnity will be distributed among the
powers ; probably according ; to their
amount, the extent of damage suffered
and the number of troops which'partici
pated in the operations in CHlna.
Two questions which are corollary to
that . of indemnity are under discussion.
The first is: What measures shall China
take to raise the money "necessary to pay
the indemnity? Second: As China must
nave time in which to comply with the
indemnity demand how shall she guaran
tee payment?.- ..
• It Is erroneous to suppose that the
United States is opposing an increase in
the customs tax. it approves the idea,
butinsists that, the' tax shall be uniform
and that it shall- not be applied in such
manner as 'to -benefit any particular coun
try. .« Under, his instructions Mr. Rockhill
is seeking to. secure either an abolition or
modification of the "likin" tax.
No agreement has been reached as to
the. manner in which China shall, make
payment. ¦ It is conceded that she must
have time— some 'say ten years — and It is
probable that she will float a loan. . The
authorities. fear that Germany will be dis
inclined to withdraw her | troops until
every penny of the .indemnity has been
paid. This question will be a subject of
serious discussion by the powers/ ' !
GRAVE CRISIS
IN MIKADO LAND
, : * .-
Members, of Japanese
Cabinet Tender Their
Resignations.
Compromise Bet-ween " First
Demands and Limit Pro
posed by America.
Indemnity Agreed Upon
Is Fixed Definitely at
$273,000,000. l >
COST TO CHINA
OF BOXER RIOTS
Special Dispatch to The Can.
CALX, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON. May 2.— Great Brit
ain will b© required to pay indemnity to
American citizens expelled from the
Transvaal If it can be established that
they took no part in military operations
against the British. These claims, includ
ing that of a man named Brown, whose
mining* concession and property were
taken from him by the Government of
the South African republic, amount to
several million dollars.
Ths instructions sent to Embassador
Choate direct him to call the attention of
the British Foreign Office to the claims
and ask for an investigation.
The British Government has declined to
discuss wjiat are known as the Atlin
claims, on the ground that the persons
who filed them axe British subjects and
their redress is before the British courts.
The claimants allege- that they are Amer
ican citizens. Their claims, growing out
of the seizure of their property and the
confiscation of their mines in British Co
lumbia, amount to $15,000,000. The British
Government" alleges that before the men
obtained possession of their claims they
took out preliminary papers a3 British
subjects. The men admit that they swore
to some papers, the exact character of
which they did not grasp. The State De
partment is taking no action in the mat
ter. ?
Embassador Ohoate Is In
structed to Demand an
Investigation.
Claims of Americans for
Expulsion From
Transvaal.
ASK INDEMNITY
FROM ENGLAND
¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ " • -; - \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAlii, FRIDAY, MAY 3, 1901.
Old-Time Cracksman, Who Has Served
Three Terms in San Quentin Penitentiary,
• Is Captured by the Chicago Authorities
BURGLAR "PAP" JONES
AGAIN IN THE TOILS
FOUR-MASTED SHIP LIVERPOOL'S SEVERE
AND VARIED EXPERIENCES LAST YEAR
She Is Swept by a Cyclone, Posted as Overdue, 80 Per Cent Being
Paid in Reinsurance, Makes a Steamship Run to This Port and
Will Make $£0,000 Carrying a Load of Wheat to Europe
THE four-masted British ship Liv
erpool, which arrived Wednesday
from Japan, pro-bably will load
wheat and canned goods for Eu
rope. An offer of 33 shillings and
ft pence a ton has been made for the ves
sel, bat the owners ¦ are holding: out for
more money. As the Liverpool will carry
in the neighborhood of 6000 tons of mer
chandise, the freight money will amount
to about $50,000, a goodly sum to earn in a
four months' voyage.
During the last twelve months the Liv
erpool has been in some tight places, but
Captain Lewis has always managed to
carry' her through. "During a voyage to
8
"PAP" JONES, ALIAS EDWARD
FAGAN, ALIAS JEWETT, ALIAS
HATDEN, UNLUCKY BURGLAR.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
May 3.
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor ....
Fulton Grays Harbor ....
Pomona Humboldt
Corona ..... Newport
Nippon Maru China & Japan
Columbia Astoria & Portland
Peru Valparaiso & Way
Ruth HUmboldt
May 4.
Arcata Coos Bay
Santa Ana.... Seattle & Tacoma.
San Pedro.... Humboldt .,.'...'
Point Arena . . Point Arena
• Slay S.
Santa Rosa... San Diego
May 6.
Eureka Humboldt
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports
North Fork. . . Humboldt
May 7.
Bonlta Newport
Curacao Mexican Ports ....
Mandalay Coquille River
May 8.
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
San Jose Panama & "Way..
Queen San Diego
May O.
Sierra.' Sydney & Way Pts
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 16
2 pm Pier 9
9 am Pier 11
1 pm PMSS
11 am Pier, 24
12 m Pier 34
5 pm Pier ¦ 2
12 m Pier IS
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 13
11 am Pier 9
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
12 m PMSS
I 9 am Pier 11
1 10 am| Pier 7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo Coqullle River
North Fork Humboldt
Progreso Tacoma ! ...:... ..
Argyll...: N. . Y. via Panama
San Pedro San Pedro .'.
Grace Dollar... San Pedro
Eureka Humboldt
Mandalay 3 Coquille River
"Washtenaw..... Tacoma :
Milton Nanalmo
Adato Tacoma
G. Wi Elder.... Portland and Astoria..
Denderah.. '..... Hamburg & Way 'Ports
Bonita Newport
Queen San Diego
Tellus Oyster Harbor
Hyades Seattle
Pomona. Humboldt
Zealandia Honolulu .„:.......:..:.
City of Puebla. Puget Sound \ Ports. . .. ;
Rainier......... Seattle ., ..: :
Kvarven Comox
Acme Sluslaw River .<
Roanoke. ....... N.\ Y. via Panama
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Corona Newport
Newport........ Panama & Way Ports.
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts.
South Portland Seattle &¦ Tacoma
Arcata Coos Bay./... ........
Santa Rosa San Diego....:....'..'.....
Point Arena. . . . Point Arena
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
May, 3
May '4
May 4
May 4
May 4
May 5
May 5
May 5
May 5
May 5
May 5
May 6
May 6
May 6
May 7
May 7
May 7
May 7
May S
May 8
May 8
May 9
May, 0
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
Sun
Sun
Mooi
rises.
sets .'....
i rises (full)....
.'.......-.5:12
.........7:03
.0:00 p.- m.
Date
4 ...
Time Time
Ft.
L W| • H W
6:15 ,0.1 12:16
5:50 »C.O 1:00
6:26 .:0.2 1:45
H W L-W
. 0:04 5.5 ,7:05
" 0:35 6.3 7:48
1:15 B.I 8:30
•2K» 6.0 9:16
!££
y
• 4.6
4.5
4.5
Time
L W
4:53
6:25
6:00
H W
2:30
3:15
4:00
4:47
Ft.
2.5
2.8
I; 3.0
Time
— — Ft:
11:09 TsTa
11:33 ' 5.6
6:40 . 3.2
7:37 3.2
8:29 3.2
9i41 8.2
Hi
-0.2
-0.1
; 0.0
I 0.1
:4.4
4.5
4.6
4.8
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
May 3.
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor ....
Fulton Grays Harbor ....
Pomona Humboldt
Corona ..... Newport
Nippon Maru China & Japan
Columbia Astoria & Portland
Peru Valparaiso & Way
Ruth HUmboldt
May 4.
Arcata Coos Bay
Santa Ana.... Seattle & Tacoma.
San Pedro.... Humboldt .,.'...'
Point Arena . . Point Arena
• Slay S.
Santa Rosa... San Diego
May 6.
Eureka Humboldt
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports
North Fork. . . Humboldt
May 7.
Bonlta Newport
Curacao Mexican Ports ....
Mandalay Coquille River
May 8.
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
San Jose Panama & "Way..
Queen San Diego
May O.
Sierra.' Sydney & Way Pts
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 16
2 pm Pier 9
9 am Pier 11
1 pm PMSS
11 am Pier, 24
12 m Pier 34
5 pm Pier ¦ 2
12 m Pier IS
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 13
11 am Pier 9
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
12 m PMSS
I 9 am Pier 11
1 10 am| Pier 7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo Coqullle River
North Fork Humboldt
Progreso Tacoma ! ...:... ..
Argyll...: N. . Y. via Panama
San Pedro San Pedro .'.
Grace Dollar... San Pedro
Eureka Humboldt
Mandalay 3 Coquille River
"Washtenaw..... Tacoma :
Milton Nanalmo
Adato Tacoma
G. Wi Elder.... Portland and Astoria..
Denderah.. '..... Hamburg & Way 'Ports
Bonita Newport
Queen San Diego
Tellus Oyster Harbor
Hyades Seattle
Pomona. Humboldt
Zealandia Honolulu .„:.......:..:.
City of Puebla. Puget Sound \ Ports. . .. ;
Rainier......... Seattle ., ..: :
Kvarven Comox
Acme Sluslaw River .<
Roanoke. ....... N.\ Y. via Panama
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Corona Newport
Newport........ Panama & Way Ports.
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts.
South Portland Seattle &¦ Tacoma
Arcata Coos Bay./... ........
Santa Rosa San Diego....:....'..'.....
Point Arena. . . . Point Arena
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
May, 3
May '4
May 4
May 4
May 4
May 5
May 5
May 5
May 5
May 5
May 5
May 6
May 6
May 6
May 7
May 7
May 7
May 7
May S
May 8
May 8
May 9
May, 0
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
Sun
Sun
Mooi
rises.
sets .'....
i rises (full)....
.'.......-.5:12
.........7:03
.0:00 p.- m.
Date
4 ...
Time Time
Ft.
L W| • H W
6:15 ,0.1 12:16
5:50 »C.O 1:00
6:26 .:0.2 1:45
H W L-W
. 0:04 5.5 ,7:05
" 0:35 6.3 7:48
1:15 B.I 8:30
•2K» 6.0 9:16
!££
y
• 4.6
4.5
4.5
Time
L W
4:53
6:25
6:00
H W
2:30
3:15
4:00
4:47
Ft.
2.5
2.8
I; 3.0
Time
— — Ft:
11:09 TsTa
11:33 ' 5.6
6:40 . 3.2
7:37 3.2
8:29 3.2
9i41 8.2
Hi
-0.2
-0.1
; 0.0
I 0.1
:4.4
4.5
4.6
4.8
\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
|||i All over the world Schlitz beer is known and is the standard. Kkgl
pp| In Vladivostock, Pretoria, Shanghai, Singapore, Bombay, Cairo Prfj
mNl and Constantinople it is the beer of civilization. ' SI/8
$m Schlitz beer has won the world's markets by its reputation for Q»J
fP§l P urit y» maintained for half a century. Wherever white men live W*m
jraaj Schlitz beer is acknowledged the pure beer. Our pledge to you |KJ
[Spa and our pledge to all nations is that never will a bottle of Schlitz fpa
Y'ffl beer go out until we have insured its purity; never a bottle Wi%
H| Schlitz beer, wherever you find it, is healthful; it is 19
m world-famous E3
£sjsg and has made Milwaukee famous ff-TVfl
'/}fl 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-14 Market St., San Francisco. liBS
WiimM^^SS GOLDEN
Wi Y^mBH$3L*l *tK^BF^I medical
f '• %/yT5Twcf5ffl DISCOVERY
I dB& a<s l^ra or butter I for the
/ * J^and is foettei-! f | BLOOD.LIVER.UJNCS.Seven species of wasps secrete and store
m> honey Just as do the bees, --
Why. Don't You Travel by Sea?
\ Call at office of Pacific Coast Steamship
Co., 4 New Montgomery st, and inform
yourself concerning that company's im
proved service and low rates to Los An
geles, San Diego,' Santa Barbara, Tacoma,
Seattle, Juneau, Skaguay and all Pacific
Coast ports.
Big Plumbing Contract Let.
Shepherd Brothers of this city hare
been awarded a contract by the Treasury
Department to put new plumbing in the
United States Appraiser's building on the
northeast corner of "Washington and Bat
tery, streets. The contract price Is $18 658.
Shepherd. Brothers were the lowest bid
ders. / ,;
Father McQuaide Will lecture.
The Rev. Father McQuafde .will '.deliver"
a lecture in Mission Parlor HalhWednes
day, May 10, his topic being. "Travels 'on
Two Continents." The lecture is in aid
of the Church of the Holy Redeemer,
tnat Is now in course of erection. J The
lecture is sure to be an entertaining one
as the ' reverend gentleman ¦- has a haDDv
knack of telling- his .views -and imures
sions in a .bright , and .interesting man
ner.. His lectures on Manila, which he
delivered a few months ago, were replete
with dramatic and humorous events. The
lecture, he is now preparing promises to
eclipse air previous efforts on his < part In
this * field- "" Admission- will - be'.- only 25
cents.:r*-: -- •¦ • ">.
Vermonters Will Entertain.
The Pacific Coast Association. ¦ Native
Sons of Vermont, will give an entertain
ment at Odd Fellows' .Hall this eveninjr.
The California Minstrel Club will render
the following programme:
Conversationalist, J. E. Donahue; ¦ bones-
Bobby Benson. Fred O'Connell, Will Taylor;
tambos— Tom ' Mahoney, Steve Douglass. Ed
Kriess; opening chorus, < company; "If That's
Society, .Excuse Me," Steve Douglass; "When
the Harvest Days Are Over," George Wallace;
"My Rainbow Coon," Ed Krelss; "My Sun
beam Lou," J. E. Donahue; "Everybody Has
a> Whistle Like Me," Fred O'Connell; -VFor
Old Times Sake," J. C. Flood; popular ditties,
Bobby Benson: "At the Bottom of the Deep
Blue Sea." J. J. Colgan: "Something." Will
Taylor; "Are You a Buffalo?" Tom Mahoney:
grand . finale. -"Get Tour. Money's. Worth."
company; Bohemian Banjo Quartet: Tom Ma
honey, . "la Marriage a Failure?"; Columbia
Quartet: Fletcher, musical comedian; Al Haz
zard, '.ventriloquist; dancing..
Civil Service Examination!
¦ The United States Civil . Service Com
mission announces that, on May 14, In all
cities having postal free delivery, an ex
amination ! will be held for .'the position
of copperplate map engraver^in the Geo
logical Survey, at the salary of $1 50 per
diem. : Persons who desire \ to compete
should apply at once to the commission
at "Washington, D. C. for application
form 1093, -which should be properly exe
cuted and, promptly forwarded' to the
commission with specimens of work. ¦¦¦¦'
If the salaries of janitors were raised to
|2 50 per. day $5000 additional would be re
quired.' A discussion took place over the
advisability of placing the fund for repairs
to' school under the control of the Board
of "Works. Instead of Ae Board' of Educa
tion. Manson said in that event a central
repair shop would be established at Thir
teenth and Hermann streets, where all the
mechanics could be concentrated with a
saving In expense. ) The sum of $4500 was
asked fora new. tank at- the A lms house
and $5000 -for scavenger work. . •
Park Commissioner Lloyd asked the
committee to levy a tax of 7 cents for the
Improvement of Golden Gate' Park and
smaller squares.*"- This would raise $280,
000 on an assessed valuation. of $400,000,000.
Mr. Lloyd- also ; requested that an unex
pended balace •of $18,000 ¦ remain to- . the
credit of • the : park f und.v It is intended
to establish an aquarium.. a library of in
formation, on trees '.and flowers and other
improvements. ' .
Recital at Mills College.
A rhetorical recital will be given at
Mills College this evening at 7:30 o'clock,
under the direction of Miss Edith Morrill
Howe. The programme will be as fol
lows: "_;,./ _' ¦ t ... . • ..;- ¦ ¦ ¦
Orchestra— (1) "Sulle Rio del Senio"...Toledano
(2). "Ore Liete" ...i...Pirani
.. (3) "L'amante del Marlnaro '-•:¦
¦¦¦¦ .- . „•-• .. Belleng-hi
"Thanatopsis" William Cullen Bryant
. . . Miss Anna Frandsen.
"Merlky's Conversion" Julia Pickering
Mies Una Smith.
"Muckle Mouth Meg" Robert Browning
"Lorraine" Charles Kingsley
"Cuddle Doon" Alexander Andereon
Miss Delia Neal.
"Ths Red Fan" Grace A. Brown
Miss Ruby Kermeen.
Orchestra; — (1) Serenade ..Monti
(2) "Isolad 'Amore' 1 .. Olbin
(3) "Souvenir de Jadls" Monti
"The Set of Turquoise". Thomas Bailey Aldrlch
Miss Alice Juston.
"The Soul of the Violin"
...Margaret Manton Merrill
Mips Henrietta Davis.
"The Execution of Sydney Carton" '.
• ........;.• — ...•.Charles Dickens.
Miss Beatrice Haslacher. ,
Orchestra— (1) "Sous les Pommlers" Wachs
(2) "Vive la Mandoline". Monti
Members of : Mills College Orchestra.
_M!sEe«. Wolf Miller. Kermeen - Cain,
Potts. Kline, Dowsett, Rice. Flnfey and
Ronald. Professor Rocco Laraja, con
ductor. , vj, ;.:.>£•.;
St. Andrew's Society Picnic.
The St. Andrew's Society will' give Its
annual picnic on Saturday at Fairfax
Park. There will be foot racing. Highland
dancing and tug-of-war contests. Na
tional airs and reels will be discoursed by
pipers In full Highland costume. The fol
lowing are the respective committees:
Reception — Samuel Irving (chairman), - Mrs.
Agnes Brodie, John McLaren, John Reid. Wil
liam Nlcol, James McNab, John H. Robertson,
James S. Webster, Hugh Hamilton, Charles
Kydd George S. Lackie. James P. .Taylor.
¦ Games— Andrew McNalr (chairman). A. J.
Balllngall, J. Howden. Y. C. Lawson, John
McLaren. James • Rolph Jr., William Barr.
David Kerr. John D. McGilvray, A. M. Mac-
Pherson, Andrew Wllkie. '
Prize— John M. Duncan, P. Livingston Dunn,
Joseph Grey. John McLaren.
Music — George St. John Bremner, R. r>. O>1
quhoun, William Zercho Nicol, alternating in
charge of floor. ' \v^-r
Decoration of grounds— P. Livingston Duns
(chairman), William Balnaves. J. C. Moffatt.
• Property— A. R. Patterson (chairman), Wal
lace A. Cook. Andrew McNalr, David Dalzlel.
Frank A. Wilkie.
. Weather— John Reid. Adam Ross, piper.
ELKS PREPARE FOR BIG
EVENT AT THE AT.TTATvrpT^A
Will Give Theatrical Performance in
Which Best of Talent Will '
Appear.
San Francisco Lodge No. 3, Benevolent
and Protective Order of Elks, is going to
have an "Elks' night" at the Alhambra
Theater on Tuesday, May 28. The show
promises to be one of the most novel ever
seen in San Francisco.
The first part, given by the Corinthians,
will be followed by an olio, participated in
by the best theatrical talent then In the
city. The Associated Theatrical Managers
has taken a lively interest in the affair
and will do all in its power to make the
show a success. The programme will be
filled by "all stars" and no moons will
be allowed. Seats wJll be $1 all over the
house. The committee met last night at
the Alcazar and outlined some of the good
things that are to come off.
The Elks in charge of the affair are
John Morrisey, Mark Thall. J. J. Oottlob,
W. H. Leahy. A., Waltersteln, H. H.
Campbell, L. N. Jacobs, Charles S. Whee
ler, Robert Lloyd, C. B. Stone and L. W.
Harris.
The family excursion which the South
ern Pacific gives every spring into the
Santa Cruz Mountains at the extremely
low rate of $1 23 takes place next Sunday.
Make your plans to go. It will be a select
and pleasant event. Take your lunch bas
ket? along. William H. Menton, the
Southern Pacific excursion agent, will be
In charge.
Into the Santa Cruz Mountains Next
Sunday.
FAMILY EXCURSION
Infantry, which have been in quarantine
on Angel Island for the last three weeks,
were released yesterday and sent to the
Presidio, where they "were given quarters
in the lower model camp. Smallpox. was
discovered among the men when they
were encamped there awaiting transpor
tation in Manila, and In order to prevent
the spread of the disease they were sent
to Uie island. All danger of contagion Is
row considered over and they will be sent
to the Philippines on the Lawton.
The Thirty-flfth Volunteer Infantry was
mustered out yesterday at the Presidio. A
number, of the officers have applied for
commissions In the regular army and will
remain here until they have had their ex
aminations.
Captain Edward H. Plummer has been
appointed ald-de-camp to Major General
Shatter.
A troop of the Thirteenth Cavalry is to
be organized at the Presidio. A number
of the volunteers mustered out here have
evinced a desire to enter the regular ser
vice, and the organization of the troop
probably will be speedily completed.
XNTAUTItYMEir RELEASED
FROM ISLAND QUARANTINE
T-vro Companies of the Eleventh
Again Fit for Service in the
Philippines.
The last two companies of the Eleventh
programme of Miss Frances H. "Wer
thelmer, who has recently returned from
a long period of study tinder European
masters. Miss Werc.heimer's efforts were
very favorably received and she estab
lished herself with the enthusiastic au
dience £.s among the best pianists of the
city. Miss Wertheimer was assisted by
Oscar Frank, barytone; John R. Lewis,
violinist, and Elgismundo Martinez, ac
companist. The concert was given' under
the direction of Henry Heyman- and the
following programme was rendered: '••-/
Bonttw, Op. 8, F major Grieg
Mies wertbelmer and Mr. Lewis.
£odc "Still Wie die Nacht M ...«......-...Bohm
Oscar Frank. ' • , -
Ccnoertstack. Op. £2. G major. .....Schumann
- Mlu Trances -H.- Werthelmer-
PwnrgBi suite. Op. 27........ .„.„.._.. ™..Rles
John B. Lewis.
Sacs, "Am llecr"..... .........Schubert
' Oscar Frank.
pfrTtritufln, Op. 28, F sharp minor........
• ikt-Ail .' "' VwT ' .V »g»-« ¦¦¦¦¦»-»»— Mendelssohn
• drSrslBi^ O9- *< ¦ « <X l~.....w.....Mo6zkowsld
9Cu lancet H. Wertheimer.
A large audience gathered last night at
Sherman & Clay Hall to hear the debut
Miss Wertheimer.
"CAMP COITCERT" GIVEN BY
AMERICAN-BRITISH RIFLES
Members of New Military Organiza
tion Spend Enjoyable" Evening
With Music and Song.
The "camp concert" given last evening
by the American-British Rifle Corps drew
a large audience in the annex of the Me
chanics' Pavilion, and an enjoyable pro
gramme was presented. The concert was
in aid of the regimental fund and w'as
arranged ¦ by Al Bentley. Dr. D' Evelyn
acted as chairman and also figured as
one of the talent, giving a 'lurid descrip
tion of the "capture of Talana Hill," in
the war In South Africa.
¦ ¦ Among those who helped 1 to entertain
were Professor Schlott, Dr. A. Sykes,
George Jeffrey, P. W. Jones, Bandmaster
Higginson, Al Bentley, R. Eward and
Horace Hanna. Refreshments were
served during,. the evening, and the first
"camp concert" of the new rifle corps
was voted a complete success.
The corps is now uniformed, and the
"khaki" dress is very picturesque. The
muster roll is rapidly filling up, and it
Is hoped that the organization will soon
reach the SOOrmark. The staff board is
now making arrangements for the corps
to take part in the military parade to be
witnessed by President McKinley during
his stay in this city.
Lawyer Lyman I. Mowry has an Intel
lectual head,. or, to speak more precisely,
an intellectual looking head, but he is
modest and does not like to see a likeness
of it In the dally newspapers. While de
fending, a [Chinese woman* named Fong
Mey Took before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock J yesterday after
noon he noticed Mr. Johnson, a newspaper
artist, sitting at the opposite side of the
table sketching him.
"Stop that!" thundered the lawyer. "My
face is my property and you have no right
to sketch it. If you don't desist I will
have you thrown out of the room "
Artist Johnson calmly proceeded with
his sketching and Mr. Mowry appealed to
the court, but the court declined to Inter
fere. The court remarked that !t wasn't
aware that Johnson was disturbing the
peace and dignity of the abode of justice
and the triumphant artist placed the craj'
on f ac-simlle of the intellectual head into
his pocket. • ¦ • .: .
The young woman whom Mr. Mowry
was. defending 1 from the charge of being
unlawfully In the country was one of the
thirty-five captured in the recent Fed
eral raid in Sullivan alley. She swore that
she was born in this city and that she
was taken back to China at the age of 6
years. On her return to this ~ port she
proved to the satisfaction of the Collector
of Customs that she was a native Ameri
can and was allowed to land. • •
Quan Quock Suey, one of her witnesses,
told the. court that he knew the prisoner
when she was only a month old and had
seen her a hundred times. at least before
she was taken back to China. The woman
had sworn that Quan had seen her only
once before she went to China and that
was when she was a year old. although
she did , not explain the precocity of her
memory for one so younjr. Judge Heacock
took the case under, advisement. ' .
LAWYER MOWRT'S
FACE IS HIS OWN
He Threatens to Ejject a
Newspaper Artist .
From Court.
The Board of Public Works has taken
exceptions. to the figures returned by the
Auditor showing that more money Is spent
for, salaries In the Bureau of Streets than
for improvements on streets. The board
claims that the Auditor has Included the
cost of labor in the salaries paid. At the
request of Mayor Phelan the board yes
terday submitted the following statement
covering the subject:
During the six months beginnlnr September,
1900. the total sum paid for salaries In the
Bureau of Streets was $15,064 16. The cost of
labor, consisting of bricklayers, hodcarrlers,
rammers, pavers, carpenters, sewer cleaners,
etc., but not including inspectors and aupet
interidents, who are included in the salaries
account, was $39,631 18. The cost of material,
consisting of basalt blocks, brick. • cement,
shovels, picks and all necessary tools used by
labor, was $12,969 05.: The repairs to. county
roads, miscellaneous repairs and repairs in
front of city property, amounted to $4430 2S.
The necessary teaming for hauling the mate
rial to the bricklayers and pavers, placing: bar
ricades upon the streets, removing detritus
from sewers and placing lanterns on danger
ous streets, cost $15,177 55. The amount ex
pended for bituminous pavement repairs was
$7055 76.
As labor, material and teaming are neces
sary for repairs, it will . appear, by adding
these various items, that for. eix months the
amount expended by the Bureau of Streets for
repairs was $79,263 82, and for salaries $15,054 16.
The. total amount of salaries in the Bureau of
Streets for the six months for the above
amounted to $4650. ¦
The charter and ordinances require that cer
tain records be kept In the Bureau of Streets,
and It is necessary that employes; whose Bal
aries for the ilx months amount to $6324 16,
be employed. I Salaries paid to - keepers of
bridges . amount, for the six months, to $2280.
Salaries paid to . inspectors of work done by
corporations and of street cleaning amounted
to $1800, making a total of salaries of $15,054 16.
For the year 1900-1901 the sum of $36,604 was
eet aside for repavlngr accepted streets. . Up
to March' 81, 1901, the sum of $27,567 .was ex
pended on the following new work:
Reconstructing Spear-street wharf $634100
Repaving Sixth . street from Folsom to
Harrison •••••• <• 1681 45
Repaving Fourth street from Howard to
Harrison »•• • 6659 33
Repaving Grant avenue from - CB"arrell 1 • (5
street to the north line of Bush., 5370 05
Repaving Main street from Mission to
Howard • 7515 15
The board has entered into contract, in ad
dition to the above, for the repaving of Sac
ramento, Clay and . "Washington streets, from
Montgomery to Sansome, at a cost of $678,
and for the repaving of Pine street, from San
some to Battery, at a cost of $2650. It has
also called for bids for the repaving of Front
street, . from .Washington to Jackson, and also
the crossings of Washington and Front streets
and Clay and Front streets, at an estimated
cost of $5715, making a total for ; repaving ac
cepted streets of $42,810, this latter sum being
$6206 35 in excess of the amount appropriated
¦for this purpose. ; _ , • ;.
ried Places.
TBYING TO . INCBBASE BOLI*
Works Board Would Create New Sala-
The Board . of Public ' Works appeared
before the Supervisors' Finance Commit-'
tee yesterday to urge an Increased appro
priation over that recommended -by. Audi
tdr Wells. I Commissioner^ Mansion asked
that provision ,be^ made j for; a Bureau of
Architects,' the salary of; the head archi
tect to be fixed at $4000 per year,, with five
assistants, ' or,. Inspectors, at - $100 per
month each and four horses and. buggies
for their use. ; Secretary Park stated that
Claims Salaries Do Not
Exceed the Cost of j
Repairs.
BOARD OF WORKS
ANSWERS WELLS
sands of acres of rich agricultural lands
and is an extensive grower of hemp and
a manufacturer of twine and rope.
The two distinguished visitors cannot
speak English, but have with them a. gen
tleman who fulfills the duties of private
secretary and interpreter.'
In speaking of Mexico Senor Peon says
the report that President Diaz was the
victim of a conspiracy and that he was
slowly being poisoned Is untrue. Diaz,
The trial of the litigation between the
Pennsylvania Consolidated Mining Com
pany and the Grass Valley Exploration
Company is dragging its weary and tech
nical way along in the United States Cir
cuit Court before Judge Morrow without
a jury. The trial was begun, as already
announced in The Call, on April 16, and
since that time, except on Sunday and
holidays', has been progressing.
The suit was begun in the Superior
Court of Nevada County on August 6 of
last year and was transfered to the
United States Circuit Court. By stipula
tion the suit of the Pennsylvania Company
vs. the Grass Valley Exploration Company
for {600,000 and that of the Grass Valley
Company against the Pennsylvania for
$100,000 damages for ejection were con
solidated insofar as the ownership of
the property is affected. After the ques
tion of ownership has been answered the
damage issue will be taken up.
.The Pennsylvania Consolidated owns tho
Pennsylvania claim and the Liberty Hill
mines and the Grass Valley Exploration
Company owns the W Y O D, General
Grant, Parr, Sims and • Telegraph mines
and the J. C. Harry agricultural patent,
several blocks and lots In Grass Valley
and the Crescent quartz mine, lying south
of. the townsite. The Pennsylvania claims
are completely jihut in by the Grass Val
ley Company's mines.
The Pennsylvania Company' contends
that the bodies of ore which they have
been and are working . are being en
croached upon by the underground works
of theWYOD mine and that those veins
and ore bodies apex within the surface
lines of the Pennsylvania's claims. They
contend also that- the ore bodies lie In
bunches connected by stringers, some of
these ore bodies overlapping one another.
They are trying to prove that the Grass
Valley Exploration C om P a ny has stoped
these ore bodies from the 900-foot level and
has extracted therefrom large quantities
Of gold. •'¦;•.
j Among the expert witnesses examined
as to the continuity of the Pennsylvania
Company's ore bodies are W. F. Engle
bright, Bennett • Ople, who worked for
many years as foreman and superintend
ent for the plaintiff; C. A. Brockington,
superintendent of the Orleans; George C.
Starr, manager of the Empire mine and
Charles E. Uren, manager of the Eagle
and Eagle-Shawmut. Yesterday John
Williams, a miner, was on tne stand to
corroborate the evidence of the witnesses
named as to the ore bodies being worked
by the W Y O D apex in the Pennsyl
vania claim. . ¦ ' t •
The cross-examination by the attorneys
of the Grass Valley Exploration Com
pany displayed an intention' to. prove that
the ore bodies spoken of by the witnesses
¦were encountered after the bodies - apex
ing the Pennsylvania had pinched out
and were therefore separate and independ
ent deposits. ">r~- ' n .; ,~>:
The Pennsylvania people allege also that
the W Y O D works have encroached by
an upraise from . the 1100-foot level and
Btoped out ore of the value of $600,000.
I Tho trial will be resumed next Tuesday
morning. ; •¦'.'¦ ''¦
Issue in the Big Grass
Valley Gold Mine
Cases. \
p-TTpsa WO of the most distinguished citl-.
I zens of Mexico arrived here yester
1 day and are staying at the Palace.
H One of them, Joaquln. Baran,da, '
¦ \ held the responsible office of Chief
Justice of . Mexico for eighteen years. He
retired recently, however, and Is touring
the world for his health. Jose Domlngues
Peon, his companion, is one of the richest
men in all Mexico, his fortune running
i into the millions. Senor Peon owns thou-
WHAT COMPANY
OWNS THE ORE?
he says, was very sick but is slowly re
covering. Owing to his ill health he will
be unable to meet President McKinley on
his trip. • ¦
"Diaz is as popular as ever," said Senor
Peon. "He is idolized by the Mexicans,
and as he has another term of four years
we expect to fr.o right ahead. Times are
very good in Mexico and everybody is
happy. I read the reports of fever being
prevalent in Mexico, but there is no truth
in them. jj, . '
"Americans are becoming more numer
ous in Mexico. They come to settle with
us and enter Into different branches of
mercantile life."
Senor Peon and ex-Justice Baranda will
go direct. from here to the Pan-American
Exposition. They are very anxious to see
the Mexican exhibit, and say that a vast
sum of money nas been spent to properly
represent their country.
PROMINENT CITIZENS OF MEXI
CAN REPUBLIC WHO ARE IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
INFORMATION" BTTREATT
DOES EXCELLENT WOBK
More Earnest Public Support, How
ever, Indispensable for Bush
of Visitors.
Since the California Colony Association
first opened its offices at the Academy of
Sciences building last March the increas
ing efficacy and scope of its work has
been encouraging to those Interested.
The aim of the association is to give
clear and trustworthy information free
of charge to all ?who may be interested
in seeking a home in this State.
Secretary W. M. "Weil says that the
plan so far has proved successful be
yond the hopes of its originators. The
interior towns and cities have responded
to 'requests for Information valuable to
prospective settlers, with great .enthu
siasm. 'As a result many sales have al
ready been accomplished. Every person
who enters the State is presented with
literature of the association, and all ho
tels and railway- stations are liberally
supplied. .
More than 60,000 strangers are expected
in the State during the next few weeks
and as many may be induced to locate
here permanently the support of the pub
lic is earnestly requested by the officers
of the association, that facts may Be
presented in as favorable a light as pos
sible.
The Eclipse Cracker Factory has closed
Its doors. It was founded nearly half a
century ago by Thomas J. Chadbourne,
Joseph Chadbourne and H. and W. Pierce
in 1652 on Dupont street, between Green
and Union, and had continued uninter
ruptedly In business, making fortunes for
beveral. Thomas J. Chadbourne has been
identified with the enterprise during the
entire period. His profits in the half cen
tury are estimated at something like $500,
000. In the winter of his life he retires
with a handsome fortune and with not one
dollar of indebtedness outstanding against
the concern.
The costly machinery Is for sale. As
manv as fifty employes have been working
in the factors'. They are out, with the
understanding that the works will not
resume.
Thomas J. Chadbourne said last even
ing that the reason he had finally decided
to close down permanently was because
of the competition among the cracker
bakers, which had reduced the prices so
that there is no money in making crack
ers at this time. It was possible that
there might be some change in conditions
after a while, but he deemed it the best
to stop. The smaller business of baking
cakes, bread, etc., will be continued by his
sen. Howard F.. experimentally, to see
¦whether it will pay.
Mr. Chadbourne has supplied the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company with ship bread
for many years arid also has filled large
army contracts. The business has always
been in the same block since It was orig
inally located there, and has been the
largest business enterprise In that imme
diate section.
Eclipse Cracker Factory
Quits Business
Finally.
PORTILS SWING
FOR LAST TIME
Mission residents are very much worked
up over the depredations of one or more
burglars who have been operating in that
portion of the city of late. Captain Sey
mour was a very much surprised man
when it was reported to him yesterday
morning that four houses in the. Mission
had been entered the previous night and
many articles stolen.
The first residence visited by the burg
lars was that of Louis Schnetzler, 3744
Twenty-second street. Entrance was ef
fected by a pair of nippers, by which the
key was turned. Schnetzler lost 75 cents
and a bunch of keys. J. H. Keefe, 3S29
Twenty-first street, was the next man vis
ited by the Industrious thieves. Keefe's
clothing was taken into a building- in the
course ql construction near by ¦ and the
pockets emptied. Mrs. W. Ordway's resi
dence, 3825 Twenty-first street, was then
visited and robbed of a quantity of jew
elry.
The last place visited by the enterprising
thieves was the residence of H. G. White
at 899 Noe street. A number of watches
and considerable coin were taken from the
Noe-street residence.
A rather unusual feature of the burgla
ries was the leaving of the clothing near
the places from which it was stolen. Cap
tain Seymour has a squad of detectives
detailed on the four cases and has In
structed his men to make special efforts
to capture the daring fellows.
BURGLARS RAID
IN THE MISSION
Industrious Thieves Rob
Four Residences in
One Night.
AT a meeting of the Park Commis
sioners at the Park Lodge last
evening it was announced that
San Francisco will shortly have
•.; for her very own three fin© exam
ples of the work of Corot, Daubigny and
Millet, that are to hang on the walls of
the Park Museum. \
.. These priceless pictures are the prop
erty of Miss Sarah Spooner, one of the
most prominent benefactors of - the mu
seum, and are now adorning the walls of
the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New
York. Their generous owner will leave
San Francisco to-day for the East, and
CLAIMS HAXF OF ESTATE
OF CALVIN FENTON FARGO
Alleged Widow of the I>eceased Files
Demand for Share of Commu-
nity Property.
. A legal fight for one-half the fortune
of the late Calvin Fenton, Fargo was in
stituted yesterday by Jenny Dutrit-Fargo,
who alleges v that she is* the surviving
widow of the deceased. In her- complaint,
which was drawn by her attorneys, E. B.
Davis and ex-Judge A; A. Sanderson, the
plaintiff does not state when or where she
married the deceased, simply alleging that
at the time 'Of his death and for many
years prior thereto she was his lawful
wife- ¦
The claimant set'forth that at the time
of the death of Calvin F. Fargo he was
possessed of property worth $370,000. of
which $240,000 still remains in the hands of
the executors of his will, the sum of $130,
000 .having been distributed to the pre
ferred legatees, Mary Fargo Stewart and
Edward Fargo. - - .
Of decedent's estate the claimant alleges
the. sum of $275,000 was community prop
erty, one-half of which she claims under
the ' law. • The community property, she
says, consists of $70004o. bank, bonds and
stocks of the Southern Pacific Company,.
Eastern Dynamite Company. Hotel . Rose
Company, -Empire Mill and Mining Com
pany, Santa Ana Water Company and the
Ventura Land and Power Company, and
real estate in this city and county and in
Contra Costa, San Mateo and Ventura
counties.
In conclusion the claimant alleges that
the executors of the will refuse to recog
nize her claim and refuse to admit that
any of decedent's property is subject to
the community interest of a surviving
widow. Hence she prays that the court
determine that she is the surviving widow
of the deceased and allow her one-half of
the property found on investigation to be
subject to her community interest.
Though Calvin F. Fargo's most intimate
friends and relatives disclaim any knowl
edge of his alleged marriage, the attor
neys who represent the claimant say they
confidently expect to establish her claim.
These examples of the greatest painters
of the modern French school — Corot. the
wonderful landscape painter; Daubigny,
also a great landscape genius, and Millet,
head and shoulders above them all— will
prove a splendid addition to the museum
gallery and will perhaps induce further
gifts of equal worth for the artistic bet
terment of the San Francisco public.
The Commissioners received a donation
of three boxes of curios and relics from
the Philippines from Captain E G Curry
of. the Twenty-seventh Infantry, and a
golden key from the Native Daughters.
Immediately on her arrival there will or
der the forwarding of the pictures to their
future destination.
That the affairs of the Union Trust
Company are in a most prosperous condi
tion is evidenced by the fact that the di
rectors have decided to increase the al
ready exceptionally large amount of paid
up capital from $750,000 to $1,000,000.
President I. \V. Hellman says that the
business is in a very prosperous condition
and that the outlook promises still greater
things.
The combined assets of the banking and
trust departments of the business are said
to be in the neighborhood of $20,000,000.
The directors, therefore, have declared a
dividend of 10 per cent, payable on stock
from surplus earnings or credited $123.
000 from the surplus profits to capital.
They have also Called on the stockholders
for 10 per ccht or $100 additional per share,
making in all a paid up capital of $1,000,000.
UNION TRUST COMPANY
DOING VAST BUSINESS
Assets Reach, About $20,000,000
and Directors Increase Paid-TJp
Capital to $1,000,000. ,
The marine cooks, bakers and waiters
have taken the preliminary steps to form
a union. They were addressed last night
by W. McArthur. "Thomas A. Powers pre
sided and 200 signed the roll. Charles
McLaughlin. secretary of the Bakers'
Union, and Frank McKearnan also spoke.
It was decided to form a provisional union
under the name of the Marine Bakers',
Cooks'. Butchers' and "Walters' Associa
tion. Eugene Steidler was elected tem
porary secretary. The next meeting will
be held on May 10.
New Union Is Formed.
GREAT MASTERS' WORKS
FOR THE PARK MUSEUM
Valuable Specimens From the Brushes of
Gorot, Daubigny and a Millet to Be Pre
sented to the City by Miss-Sarah Spooner
President Jordan Announces the Ap
pointment of Several Instructors.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 2.—
President Jordan. has announced the fol
lowing changes and appointments in the
faculty for the ensuing year: .
Professor Colbert Searles of the Univer
sity of Arkansas is appointed assistant
professor of Romance languages, the ap
pointment to take effect' in August. Pro
fessor Searles is a graduate of Wesleyan
University, Middletown, Conn., where he
took his degree in 1895. After graduation
he taught French and * German for two
years in the Ohio Military Institute, Cin
cinnati. He was a student in the Univer
sity of Leipsic from 1897 to 1899, receiving
his doctor's degree in the latter, year.
Since returning to this country - he has
held positions in the University of Indi
ana and in the University of Arkansas.
C. G. Allen, now teacher of modern lan
guages in Kingfisher College, Kingfisher,
Oklahoma, has been appointed assistant
in French. Allen is a graduate of the
University of Boston.
Melvln G. Dodge has been appointed as
sociate librarian In the university, his
work to begin with the college year 1901-02.
Professor Dodge is a graduate of Hamil
ton College, Clinton, N. Y., and has been
librarian of the institution since 1894.
A. V. Babine, for the past three years
associate librarian here, has resigned and
will accept a position in the East next
year.
1TEW STANFORD PROFESSORS.
the maintenance of those liberties— especially
In privately endowed institutions— I do not see
how either the dignity of the teachers 1 posi
tion or the leadership and social usefulness of
universities in our democratic society can ba
preserved. It has become increasingly ap
parent, however, that the administration of
this university takes a rather seriously diver
gent view of the equities involved in the case?
that have arisen here during ' the year. I
think it necessary, therefore, to present my
resignation.
I need not say that. In very many respects,
I shall sever my connections with the faculty
of Stanford with regret, nor that I shall re
member very pleasantly the "personal kindness
that I have enjoyed during the time of my
service under you. I am very truly your*.
ARTHUR O. LOVEJOY.
Immediately on receiving the resignation
President Jordan accepted it in a brief
reply. It is announced . that' Professor
Lovejoy's place will be filled by Dr.
Rieber of Princeton University.
sity's Department of Philosophy De
clines to Accept the Reappointment
ROSS SYMPATHIZER
RESIGNS AT STANFORD
Professor Arthur 0. Lovejoy of the Univer-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STAXFORD UNIVERSITY, May 2.
—Professor Arthur O. Lovejoy has
resigned his position in the uni
versity as associate professor of
philosophy and the resignation
has been accepted. His letter announces
that this step was taken because of his
sympathy with the cause of Professors
Ross and Howard.
The work In philosophy will be taken
in charge by the newly appointed assist
ant professor of logic. Dr. Charles H.
Rieber of Harvard, who begins his work
with the commencement of the new year.
Professor Lovejoy graduated from the
University of California in 1895; A- M.,
Harvard. 1887; student of Harvard fellow
ship in University of Paris, 1898-99. This
was liis second year at Stanford. In his
letter of resignation he say:
President D. S. Jordan— My Dear Sir:
Thank ln«r you for the favor of your notice of
reapixjintment. I beg leave at the same time
to place in your hr.nds my resignation as as
poolate professor of philosophy, the resigna
tion to take effect either directly, or at the
end of the semester, as you may think best.
My reasons for taking this step relate both to
the dismissal of Professor Roes In November
and to the subsequent policy of the univer
sity administration. At the time of the orig
inal difficulty you made it known that the re
moval had taken place contrary to your de
eire, and that you were not responsible for
the act. Facts which came to light at that
tfn^e and subsequently made It seem evident
to me that Dr. Hose had been dismissed partly
because of the founder's objection to the par
ticipation of university Instructors In public
political meetings, partly because of the ob
jections to the specific contents of certain of
his public utterances upon matters within the
limits of his own specialty, and partly be
cause of a fear of vaguely dangerous social
tendencies, which it was believed that his
teachings, both within and without the ' uni
versity, were likely to foster.
Recently I have been permitted, with others
o* my colleagues, to review the whole of the
documentary evidence in the case; as & result.
I am forced to the conviction that the fore
poinK conclusions as to the fact* Jn the affair
ate verified beyond the possibility of further
doubt The significance of those facts *eems
to me clear. I do not know what is meant by
the somewhat curt phrase •'academic free
dom'- it seems to lend itself freely to subtle
ties of interpretation. But I certainly con
ceive that the dismissal for such reason* of
en Instructor whom the pres dent of the uni
versltv has regarded as a fit person to retain
Involves an abridgment of liberties which it 1»
the right and duty of university teachers *o
demand. Unless the members of our prof es-
Fionshow themselves somewhat punctilious In
TJtlJS SAN FKAJNCISCO- CALL, FRIDAY, MAY- 3,, 1901.
Ex-Chief Justice B.aranda and Jose Domingues Peon, One of
the Richest Men in the Southern Republic, Visiting San
Francisco— They State That Their Country Is Prosperous
DISTINGUISHED CITIZENS OF MEXICO
HERE ON THEIR WAY TO EXPOSITION
9
STOMACHS THAT WONT WORK
That Betain the Food and Refuse to
Digest It, Hake the Head Heavy
and the Nerves Weak, Need
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
There is a cure for dyspepsia. Sufferers
who have tried noxious nostrums will
probably be skeptical, but skepticism van-
ishes when Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
tried. Whether the trouble Is dyspepsia of
long standing, or merely a simple case of
indigestion, relief is prompt and pro-
nounced. The less the trouble the fewer
tablets need be taken.
Heaviness after eatiner. sour stomach,
as Indicated by belching, fatigue with
slight exertion, or with no exertion at all,
disturbed sleep, nervousness, constipation,
depression, "blues," these things can com-
monly be set down as symptoms of dys-
pepsia. And dyspepsia is merely Indiges-
tion In an aggravated form.
By promoting perfect digestion. Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets produce strong nerves,
restful, refreshing sleep, pure blood and
good sound healthy flesh. They make the
skin clear, the eyes bright, the mind
cheerful.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a medi-
cine and more than a medicine. They di-
gest the food and make It easy of assimi-
lation, and they relieve the Inflamed, dis-
eased condition of the membranous lin-
ings and the glands of the stomach and
bowels. They help the digestive organs
over the hard places, and put them Into a
healthy, active condition. They effect a
quick and permanent cure. You don't
have to continue taking them forever, still
it is well to have a box handy and take
one at the first return of the trouble.
Perfectly well people are made sick by
eating too much, or unwholesome food,
but not if they take a tablet after eating.
Treatment with Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets does not necessitate dieting or any
change of habits. They digest the proper
food and act upon the other kind in such
a way as to make It pass off quickly and
harmlessly. You may eat and drink what
you like, when you like, and as much as
you like If you take a tablet afterward.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
all druggists at 50 cents for full size pack-
age.
Send to F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall.
Mich., for little book on stomach diseases,
mailed free.
Announcement
j|B Public
SrV^ill^/ n W rX° TO THE FA-
IT \vi.ll />••*-' vorable criticism and
*\\ \A V/ // nmny Inquiries reeelTed by
ii \j ji* jj U9 fpom tne Medical pro.
fesslon and others interested regardln? our
statement that the so-called Weakness of Men
is not a weakness but symptoms of inflam-
mation of the Prostate Gland (neck of blad-
der), caused by contracted disorders and early
dissipation, and that Loss of Vitality. Prema-
tureness. etc.'. are- inva.ria.bly cured by pro-
cedures directed toward correcting this Inflam-
mation, we wish to state to these many in-
quiries, in the columns of the press, that It
takes approximately ten weeks to cure these
disorders of the male. The treatment is en-
tirely a local one. as no druggim? the stomach
is necessary, and that the patient may treat
himself at home, under our directions. We will
cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to any '
reliable physician on request. The colored chart
of the organs, which we send free on applica-
tion to any one interested in the subject, will
* bo i found a grreat advantage in "Home Diag-
nosis," as well as a study for all interested in
their anatomy. Very respectfully,
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
0 ~<r> %s \jt ' o <fc *^ <ih. <to. <%_ <fc. ' 'it o
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
J MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ '^-1 TIm Larrest Anatomical Museum in the \
m «¦«¦%>* World. Weaknesses of any contracted §
Z. VW&I positively caredfty the oldest f
O JBal Specu!ist on the Coast Est. 36 years. Q
4 0*i£f fi DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN t
\ |RS9| Consultation free and strictly prirare. \
w J AffVC B Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ I W II H Po * itiv * Cvrt ta eTer 7 «**« undertaken.' \
O f // il# Whte for Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
r * If II 1 * ainnMQE, mailed fseb. f a f
A it Ur valuable book for mm) . \
V OB. JOHDt.V A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
y^iflSS^fin ¦ s '£ ** Is ft non-poisonoua
*vw|^ remedy for Gonorrhoea.
Gleet, SpormatPjrrhoc*.
ESKWlv 1 to 5 d»ri.\3 White*, unnatural dij-
JBSBf Gu*r»atee4 « charge , or any inilamma-
H*»J sot to itrleiare. tion, \ ritatioa or ulcers-
B™ 'TPwrtau eoniagioa. tioa ,f mucous mem-
gZTVHEEvm ChemicilCo. branw. Non-aatringsnt.
MBik ClMSm-UTI.O .gga Sold by DrnnlJtt,
TBhML tj a i jtSToT Bent in plain wrapj<«r,
_<B*Cfl b ' eiPre" 8 i prepaid, i-*
1 SIC®, or 3 bottles, |3.73.
U C— rclar sent oa reqndrf.
(". J
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEET3.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints oC Ux«
Organs of Generation.
Price {1 * bottle. For sale by drucrfat*.EASTERN MARKETS.
of the struggle among the granger trunk lines
to secure for themselves compensatory, ad
vantages to offset the Burlington deal. Offl
ciala «f the St. Paul Railroad were quoted
anonymously this morning:. as breathing forth
threatenings of buildimr a new line to the
Pacific unless they were accorded a share in
the advantages of the supposed ' Union Pacific
NEW TORK, May. 2.— The " Atchison stocks
took the leadership of the market away from
Union Paclflc to-day, both in point of strength
and activity. During most of the day the
volume ' of transactions in the two common
stocks ran a close race, but the dealings In
Atchison common and preferred easily out
ctripped those in the two Union Pacific sticks.
A' preponderance of the total transactions In
the whole market centered in these stocks.
There have been very confident predictions that
the first dividend on Atchison for a half-year
would be 2 per cent and -it is likely that a
large 6hort Interest was accumulated in the
etock by those who. had been on the inside.
As a matter of fact the offerings were very
moderate. The character of to-day's buying,
however, could by no means be safely attrib
uted either to a demand ' from , shorts or > to
purely speculative manipulation. •. The move
ment was supposed to be due to a new phase
New York Stock Market.
Concordia dub Mortgage.
An application was made by the Concor
dla Club yesterday for leave to renew a
mortgage of $80,000 on the club's property
at Van Ness avenue and Post street. The>
Concordla Club was organized in 1S64 and
Incorporated In 1865. The building It occu
pies cost $175,000, and for some years has
been covered by the mortgage which th»
club now seeks to renew.
market ,aaa JLb£ £^s~r=l&L?j& J»^a2;fcuj~
*——¦ — — — — ¦ — *
CHICAGO. May 2.— In corn the tight grip of
the leading bull on the May delivery was more
than ever apparent. Prices fluctuated violently
within a range of 5c, but actual transactions
in the pit were very small. Phillips, who has
th£ market cornered, refused to sell. \ Asld*
from the manipulation, small receipts of con
tract trade corn and a report that Argen
tina's exportable surplus had been reduced 50
per cent were strengthening - factors. The
manipulation was, of course, most apparent In
May. although the July delivery profited some
what by it and enjoyed a more general trade
May ouened *4e . to l%c • higher at 50c to 51c
bid and was bid up In %c and %c Jumps to
65c. This brought only very small offerings
from scattered scalping longs.: It was re
ported that some large short lines had been
settled at , the | market price with Phillips 1 in
a private conference,, but no authority for the
assertions could : be found. .-.• From - 55c May
dropped back to 53c, not from' any Increase In
offerings, but' because the bidding stopped
Later' 54c was bid" and at the close shorts
were offering 53%c, 4 C more than yesterday's
close. Jnly sold between 46c .and. 47%c and
closed IKe higher at 47@47%c. . . . ~
¦ While trade in wheat was . on a liberal scale
business appeared to be mostly for the profes
sional element, who were looking- for "scalps"
in the way of quick profits. The market's un-*
dertone was firm, however, under' the Influence
of steady cables, hot, , dry " weather, a under
which Insects thrive, and- in sympathy with
the neighboring strength in > corn and oats
From Minneapolis caftie'the doleful,- word that
Kansas comulalnts of yie work of 1 insects I in
the fields were- more gloomy than • ever. • From
this . Kource .was also ' recorded a fear that
wheat* will not stool unless some cool., wet
weather Is forthcoming. ¦ .There was, 1 however,
no, lacking of reports of the usual optimistic
character In - regard ¦ to crop prospects.*- July
opened. He higher at 73%c \ to - 73%c " and : ad
vanced early to H%c. This was followed' by a
reaction on profit-taking to - 7358@73%c, but
bulls bought at the decline, - and . the ¦ market
again reacted to 74@74^c and closed, firm, : V-&
%c higher at 73%c. .-- :_:..- .-.:>.- V?**
- The oats market was active ¦ and . strong.
May.'elosed- lV4c higher ' at : 2Wc. : July; closed
with ' a gain of ,%c ¦ aV 27c. ' The chief ' factor
was the Idea ¦ that the tjuII crowd in 'corn had
also ¦ cornered ' the supply of ¦¦ oats. >' , ¦ . . •¦:¦• ..«
-The only redeeming feature of the provisions
Ex-Judge Van R. Paterson has filed aa
itemized account of his costs. in the ac
tion Instituted cgainst him by Horace W.
Philbrook, which was recently decided In
favor of the ex-Justice. ! Judge Paterson's
expenses reached the total of 5720 15. OC
this sum $13 was paid out as witness fees
to Judge J. V. .Coffey. James H. Barry.
Wlillam P. Humphreys, "William T. Wal
lace. Barclay Henley, M. Krigrbaum. John
Garber, A. A. Moore and J. W. Goodwin.
Jury fees, stenographer's fees and the Is
suance of summons brought the total up
to the sum named.
Judge Paterson's Cost Bill.
• MILLSTUFFS— Prices In -sacks are as fol
lows, usual' discount to • the .trader '-Graham.
Flour, - ?3 -per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, • $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour,: $7; Corn . Meal. $2 75 :
extra cream do. • $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 60;-Hom
iny,. $3 50«i3 75; Buckwheat ¦ Flour, ' $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat.- $3 50;- Farina,'; $4 50: .Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats -(barrels), ¦ $6 10
®7 60; in . sacks."* $5 75@7 25; : Pearl | Barley, | $5;
Split Peas, -.'f5; l Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.--
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 40@3 65.
usual, terms;; Bakers'. Extras, ¦ $3 30@3 40;; Ore
gon, $2 50@<2 75 per. barrel for family and $2 75®
3 for bakers' : -Washington bakers', i $2 75@3.
Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS— Previous prices rule, with a 'quiet
market. White. $1 37%@1 50; Surprise,' nominal;
Red. $1 32%@1 45'; Black, $1 17%<rai 27% per ctl.
CORN— The market continues very quiet and
nominal. All -kinds are quoted at $130 per ctl.
RYE— 80©S2%c per ctl. ¦
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse.... _ "'_¦'• . ; .. . . : .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctl, 73c; 20C0, 72%c: 2000,... 72%c.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December — 2000 ctls,
72?6c. - May— 2000, . 75c.
I Afternoon Session"— December— 2000 ctls, 73%c;
10.000, 73Vic ¦ . ¦...¦-._ .. : - .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal ' Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
6000 ctls, $1 05Vi. -
Second '. Session— December— 52,000 ctls. $1 05%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 8000 ctls,
¦ Afternoon ' Session — December — 28,000 ctls,
?1 05%: 10,000. $105%. -¦'¦ - ;- -
BARLEY-r-There was more life to the market,
and some sales of Feed at 77%c were reported.
Futures! however, were off again. ¦
Feed, 75@77%c for No. 1 and 72%c for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@82%c;
Chevalier, nominal. - - - • - -
CALL BOARD SALES,
WHEAT— Paris -was higher. Liverpool showed
little' change/ '.. ... .
: Chicago was firm, ! with no pressure "to sell.
Broomhall cabled that bad crop reports 3 from
Germany were a bullish feature. Commission
houses were buyers, but there was not much
cash demand. Southwestern reports were bull
ish, with numerous stories of bugs, lice and dry
weather In Missouri. There were no Indications
of rain. The Southwest bought* heavily. : .. .
This market was dull and unchanged. ..
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 01%; milling, $1 03%
@106tf. - ¦ . ..;. -
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... — $4 86.
Sterling Exchange, sight ". — 4 89
Sterling Cables — -. 4 90
New York Exchange, sight....'— 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 15
Silver, per ounce. — . 59%
Mexican • Dollars, nominal........ 49% (g> 50
Exchange and Bullion.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
58; minimum, 48; mean. £3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha* risen generally west of the
Rocky Mountains. A well-marked depression
overlies the Missouri Valley and -Wyoming and
is moving 6lowly eastward. Except in Utah
and Northern Arizona the weather is clear and
little or no rain has fallen.
The temperature has risen along the Sierra.
Over Utah and Northern' Arizona the tem
peratures are still low.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending- midnight. May 3. 190L
Northern California— Fair Friday, warmer;
fresh northerly winds In the valleys, westerly
winds on the coast with fog.
Southern California— Fair Friday, warmer;
fresh westerly winds ou the coast, northerly'
in the interior.
Nevada— Fair, wanner Friday; fresh norther
ly -winds.
Utah— Showers Friday, clearing by 'night;
•warmer; southerly changing to northerly wnds.
Arizona— Fair Friday; warmer; light south
west winds. J
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday ;
fresh westerly winds with fog.
.'•-'.;. 'ALEXANDER «. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
California dried fruits inactive. Prunes .S%g>
7c per pound, as to size and quality. Apricots—
Royal 7%@12c: Moorpark. 8% ©13c. Peaches-
Peeled, 12%@20c; unpeeled, 6%@10c.
Evaporated apples, quiet; State common. ¦ 3®
4c; prime, 4%@4%c; choice, 5@5%c; fancy, 6@
6%c. ¦ • "
DRIED FRUITS
_,^9 F T E rF~^ pot R1 <>. dull: No. 7 invoice. 6%c:
"J 11 *^ d Hl 1; Cordova . 8%@12%c. Futures closed
steady 10 to lo points higher. Total sales, 5500
r^ s> i ncludln8:: July > * 5 K = September. $5 60®
6 70: December, $5-85; March, $6 15
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fair refining, 3%c
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses suga>, 3$c :
refined, firm. • ' 7S^'
4757 packages;' steady.,
Creamery, 15@19%c;- factory, ll@13Vic
EGGS - Receipts, 11,770 packages; firmer.
Western regular packed. 12%@13c; storage
Western. 13%@14c; Southern, ll@12c. , rase>
NEW TORK, May 2,-FLOUR-Receipts, 26,
000 barrels; exports, 15,000. Fairly active and
firm: • \
WHEAT— Receipts, 91,200 bushels: exports
195,497. Spot, strong; No. 2 red, 84%c f. o. b!
afloat and 82c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
89%c f, o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth. 95%c
f. o. b. afloat Options opened firm and car
ried the strength pretty much all day on an
active trade, partly for. outside account. Bull
ish crop news had much to do with the ad
vance and was supplemented by steadiness
abroad, a big rise in corn and free covering
Closed strong at %@%c advance. May S0%©
81%c, closed 81$c: July. 79%08Oc, ¦ closed 79%<T-
September. 77%@7Sc, closed 78c. '
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm. ¦ Cv '
WOOL-Quiet; domestic fleece. 24@27c; Texas.
15@17c.
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W K Schelde & w. Pa
Miss G Scheide.-Pa
J H Schelde. Pa
J C Schwab, Chicago
J C Byrnes. Portland
F W Enos, Tacoma
G Mackenruter. N Y
MaJ M J Henry. U S N
Capt L Cravens. U S N
A Bettens. Byron
S H Adams. Stanford
C J McCIure. N J
Mrs P A Trude. Chgo
A S Trude, Chicago
Clara V Hostetter.Cai
E H Robinson & w,
U,S A
J R Mclntosh & w. Va
Miss L. Mclntosh. Va
Miss A Mclntosh. Va
G W Thayer & w, N Y
Miss E Thayer. N T
S G Thayer. NT
Mrs D Dyrenforth.Chg
G F McKnitfht & W.
Chicago
S C McKnlght, Chgo
C W Pavy, Mt Vernon
C C I^eonard. Chicago
N R Salsbury. N Y
G W Glbbs. Vacaville
A Moore. Denver
F W Kimball. Boston
E M Ross. L Ang
D P Doak A w. Mo
O A Kimball. Boston
Miss L B Wells. Bostn
F A Johnson & w. Mo
J D Domingrues. Me3
I Barada. Mexico
A A Lindsley & w,
Portland
C D Ricker & w. Mas*
T S Morris. Portland
Miss A Forbes. Mass
S G Cook. Minn
R E Forbes & w.Mass
I N Just. Mich
J E A Morris. Mich
S S Dickinson. N Y
Miss A C Spencer, N T
Miss S D Spencer, N T
Mrs H P Farnsworth.
Colorado Springs
A S Friede & w. Cbgo
W C Stout. N J
N D Carter. N J
J Schlenker. X J i--> ¦.,'
Mrs T T McQuesten.
Bo3ton
G E McQuesten & w,
Boston - .
W S Haskell St w.Bos
S J McDougall. Boston
J H Colbura & w. NY
E W Clayton. S Josa
C Curtis & w. Pa
Miss Gibbs. Pa
W Darling & w. Minn
S N Williams & w. Ill
Miss B Williams. Ill
S Burrans, Boston
W B Buckmlnster ft
w. Boston
J M Leonard & w.Ne*
J A Ellis &. w, Chgo
GRAND HOTEL.
B A Harrington, S Jos
H H Franks. Cal
G F Katz. Vallejo
C G "White. Monterey
A a Rowley, Cal
A J Walker, Cal
W K Wheatley, U S V
Mrs O E Smith, St
Joseph
Mrs W D Stover. Mo
JT Harries. Cal
H J Laughlln, Cal
R C Allen & w, Cal
Mrs R M Copeland,
• Cambridge. Mass
O Scriber. Bafcersfleld
J W Brockman. Cal
H K Gregory. Cal
G J Weil. Buffalo
C P Vicinl & w. L An
C B Arditto. Los Ang|
O M Thumler & . w.
Chicago '
W J Peterson. Skgway
R E Whitney, Myrsvll
W H Mason, Michigan
L F Moulton. Colusa
Mrs J Earsman. Victr
M E Vanceman. Cal
Miss N G Stuart. Pa
P Musto, Stockton
Dr A M Ritchie, Cal
W H Smith. Chicago
F J Wane, Oregron
0 M Kimball. U S V
D W Strong. U S V
R Duval. Virginia
T W McLew & w. Mo
A C Voris. Illinois
A Laws. USA
J A Deyen, Maine
Dr P W Little. L An«
C R Baxter. Michigan
Dr N Green, Cal
A Henning, Chicago
C E Benedict. L Ang
E J Stanton, Los An;
M W Paterson. Ohio
E R Retz. Chicago
H M Marfee. Los Anj
P Levy. Portland
Mrs P Levy, Portland
R M Grier, Red Bluff
G Smith. Wash. D C
W R Newlon & w. Cai
G Shirley. Vallejo
J Schlacker. Buffalo
A RutheTford. Napa
1 Merrill. Boston
R B Butler. Fresno
R V Berkey. Colusa
M H Gray. Colusa
W K Wheatley. U S V
A J Larson, Lodl
A S Trlnkl. Cal
S T Coulter. S Rosa
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*.
C C Nelson. Mariet
J Miller. N Y
J E Sheple, Boston
C Bruecker, Seattle
B Goodrich. Kan City
G W Conden & w. Cal
K Llllington. Courtlnd
J Survia, Los Angeles
G B Hurey, Los Ang
T G Taylor & w. Medfd
W A Glass. Medford
F R Wilson. Medford
O A Mitchell. Mont
W Reid, Australia
J R HlUIs. Sydney
G T Anderson, N Orlns
Dr Hayes. N Orleans
J S Mlllltt. Nebr
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.1 . Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup..H3%114 1 4s qr c (new) .13396139%
4s quar regr 113H113T4t3s quar coup... 110 111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P 5s. ..104 — Oceanic S 5s...lO3 —
Cal-st C 5s 117 — . Omnibus R 6s.l26 —
C C Wat 5s. ..110 — Pac G Imp 4s. — —
BIL4P 6s..l28%133% Pic & C H 6s. .105 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.U5 — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6S.120 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6% — Sac E G R os. — 1C0
Do 5s 102 — S F & SJV 5s.l20% —
Los Ang R os.113 113% Sierra Cat 6s. — 110
L A Lleht 6a. — 102 ) S P of A 6s.
Do gntd 6s..— 104 I ,1909) 113% —
Vo gntd 5s. .100 — .(19W) 114 —
L A & Pac 5S.102* — S -P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 53.101 — (1905). ser A-106% —
Markt-st C 6s. — 127% (19C5). do B.. 107*4 —
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1906) 110 —
Nev Co R 7s..— 113% (1912) — —
Nor R Cal 6s. 113% — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s — — cp gtd g 5S..103 —
Nor Pac C 6s.lOO — S P Br Cal 6s.l34% —
Do 5s — 108% S V Wat 6s...ll3%113»i
Nor Cal R 5s. — 114% Do 4s 102% —
Oak Gas 5s... 110% — Do 4s, 3d m. 102^103
Do Tran 6s.. 117 117% Stktn Gas 6s.lOO —
Do Wat 5s. -104 — '
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 75 I Spring Valley. 87 —
Maria County. 53% — |
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pacific Lt?.... 42% 43»4
Equitable 3% — Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 3% — S F Gas & El. 37U 37%
Oakland 50 50% San Francisco.' 4% 4%
Paclflc Imp... — 37 Stockton .7% —
1 INSURANCE.
Fireman's Fd.235 245 )
BANKS, i *
Anglc-Cal .... 73% - [LPA A..\....147 —
California 406 — |Mex Ex. Hq... IS
Cal Safe Dep..lO6% — S F National.. — 125
First Nat 510 315 I .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ..1S30 1900 Sav St Loan...
Humboldt — — Security .275
Mutual- 50 — Union ......... — —
San Francisco.515 — «-
STREET RAILROADS..
California ....130 140 .O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary •• 47% — (Presidio 22 30
Market 70% 71 I
POWDER. \_
Giant 73 74 jVJgorit 2% 3%
SUGAR.
Hana 7 7*i|Kilauea 17% 18%
Hawaiian 63 E6 |Makawell ..... 39& —
Honokaa 26^4 26% ; Onomea — 26
Hutchlnson ... 19 19% Paauhau 28 23%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packs. 137 139 Oceanic SS.... 47% 43%
Cal Fruit Can. — 97 Pac Aux V Al. 2 —
Cal Wine As.. 100 — Pae C Borax.. 152 —
Merch Ex 110 — Paraf Point... 18
Mornlns Session. .
Board—
400 Honokaa Sugar Co 27 87iJ
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 28 00
100 Honokaa Sugar Co „ 27 75
60 Hutchinson S P Co.. 19 50
155 Market Street Railway. 7075
100 Mutual Electric Light.. 375
$1000 N P C R R6s....... ....119 25
$2000 Oakland Water 5s ; 104 25
25 Paauhau S P Co 28 00
I 155 S F Gas & Electric Co 37 50
5S V Water 86 75
6S V Water...... .; 87 00
Street—
25 S V Water 86 50
' Afternoon Sesslao. . '
Board— r V\' -¦¦- **
75 Giant Powder Con 72 CO
¦ 10 Hana Plantation Co.. ; 7 37%
$2000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 102 00
45 Honokaa Sugar Co... 28 CO
5 Honokaa Sugar Co..... 27 S7%
75 Honokaa Sugar Co 27 75
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 27 25
250 Honokaa Sugar Co 27 00
. 100 Honokaa Sugar Co 26 87%
50 Honokaa Sugar Co 26 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co IS SO
60 Hutchinson S P Co 19 25
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 19 00
50 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 17 60
10 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 17 25
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 113 00
10 Makawell Sugar Co 39 50
5 Market Street Railway.. 70 75
. 150 Market Street Railway, s 15.... 71 00
50 Market Street Railway 71 00
95 Paauhau S P Co 27 75
60 Paauhau S P Co ¦'. 28 00
THURSDAY, May 2—2 p. m.
- There wan a fair business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange. Spring Valley
Water was firm at $83 50@87 and Hutchlnson
lower .-- at J19 50. There were free sales of
Honokaa at $27 75@28.
' In the afternoon the sugar stocks were freely
sold and lower, owing to the passing of the
Onomea dividend on account of . the heavy
rainfall at the plantation, which reduced the
saccharine matter in the cane. Kilauea was
lower at $17 50#17 25. Honokaa at $28@26 73 and
Hutchinson at $18 50@tt 25. Paauhau sold at
J27 75®28 25. .
The oil stocks were quiet, as usual.
Sales of stocks and bonds on the Bond Ex
change during the first four months of the
year were as follows, compared with the same
time In 1900: Of stocks. 172.591 shares, against
178.735; of bonds; J2.553.100.' against $1,779,550.
The Homestake Oil Company paid a dividend
of 15 cents per share on the 1st.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 30 cents. per share on the 6th.
The Alaska Packers" Association will pay a
dividend of 75 cents per share on the 13th.
The Potosi Mining Company Is assessed 10
cents. • _ •
STOCK AUD BOND EXCHANGE.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours :
020th Meridian— Pacific Time.) ¦
SAN FRANCISCO. May 2-5 p. m.
Weather Report.
"In connection with the present high prices
of stocks and Immense dealings therein, which
have caused a great many people to anticipate
« disastrous reaction. It must be remembered
tUa.t a very large part of the purchases of
Chicago, Burlington and Quincy, Southern Pa
cific. Baltimore and Ohio. Pennsylvania Coal,
Lehigh Valley, Norfolk and Western, Chesa
peake and Ohio, Lon£ Island and some time
ego Lake Shore, has been provided for by be
ing unloaded upon leading trunk line corpora
tions. This puts the former owners In a strong
moneyed position to be buyers of other things
for investment to take the place of the un
loaded properties and makes stronger holders
of our .securities than in any previous bull
campaign, besides making the situation a much
safer one than would. appear on the surface."
"Our ability of late Lo subscribe for foreign
securities, which has been done to a . consid
erable extent within the last two years, makes
these properties international, as has always
been the case -with American securities which
had a London and Continental market.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"There Is one good feature connected with the
purchase of English consols on this side — it
will place us much In the same position as
England has been in in connection with this
country almost continuously up to -within the
last few years. Whenever money became
ecarce and rates high at the foreign money
centers they would Jeluge our market with
the return of American securities so as to draw
gold from us. This country is now in a sim
ilar position. Whenever -we get into a tight
place for money, If we ever do again, we
will have European government securities to
send back to them in place of shipping gold.
The Situation in Wall Street.
"Trade in currants, -while still email, shows
come slight Improvement, possibly due to the
receipt by the trade of the news of the recent
advance in Greece. Apples show some activity.
Pales of rood dry prime stock are reported at
4%c. JCuts are dull."
"Prunes are still offering from the coast on
the 2c basis, but whether these are some of
the 30,000.000 pounds reported to have been
bought by the syndicate of 'packers could not
be learned. Five cars were offered yesterday
from California, but there were no 30-40s or
<0-50s and no straight cars of 90-100s In the
assortment. It could not be discovered that
any business was done on this basis. Raisins
continue quiet. Sales of a small lot of Cali
fornia 3-crown loose Muscatels were reported
at 5%c to jobbers. Some business was done
in the 3-crown of good quality early in the
week as lew aa 4%c.
Mail advices from Xew York say: "Because
of the scarcity of pupplies the spot market
for prunes is firm at the advance of about
Uo per pound, and the demand is only slightly
less active than at the former prices. Forties
to 50s and E0-60s -were fceld more firmly than
on Thursday, 40-50s being comparatively bard
to find even at 6%c.
Standard silver dollars 1123,500
Fractional silver coin 94,925
Total $21S,425
Prunes and Raisins m New York.
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash
en hand April 30 as follows:
United States notes ;...: J4.7S9 00
Treasury notes of 1890 2.433 00
National bank notes 4,855 00
Go'.d certificates 400 00
Redeemed rold certificates 40,000 00
Silver certificates 77.469 00
Gold coin 24.547.976 55
Standard silver dollars 31,856,943 00
Subsidiary silver coin 614,222 20
Minor coin .8,438 73
Coupons 443 50
Miscellaneous loans » S24 00
Total ....$57,058,793 98
The shipments of silver during the month
were as follows:
Government Money Here.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red "Western win
ter, 6s; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s ll%d; No.
1 California. 6s 2d. ¦-. Futures, quiet; July,
5s ll%d; September, 5s lid.
! CORN— Spot American mixed and old quiet,
4s 5%d. i Futures, firm. May, nominal; July,
4s l%d; September. 4s %d.
* : : . ' " . Jr
COTTON— Uplands. 4%d.
LIVERPOOL. May 2.— Wheat; firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 2d@6s 2%d; wheat In
Paris, firm; flour in Parts, firm: French coun
try markets, . easy; weather In England, over
cast. .. 1. ¦ ••
LONDON, May 2.-Consols v 94%; silver, 27%d;
French rentes, lOlf 55c; cargoes on passage,
nominal. . unchanged ; cargoes "Walla "Walla,
29s 9d; English country markets, firm.
OREGON. .
PORTLAND. May 2.— WHEAT— Walla Walla,
69%©60c. Foreign wheat shipments from Port
land for the week ended to-day were 363,859
bushels.
WASHINGTON.
" TACOMA, May 2. — WHEAT — Quiet and
steady; Blue Stem, 60%c: Club, 58c.
Foreign Markets.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, May 2.-Clear!ngs, $417,373; bal
ances, $50,566. . ?
Portland's Business.
LONDON, May 2. — At the wool auction sales
to-day a superior selection consisting, of 14,907
bales was offered. A good demand prevailed
and competition was spirited. The bulk of
the offerings sold at full rates. Several good
easy parcels were . taken for America. Cross
breds were In large supply and firm,' the home
trade being- the chief buyer. Continental bid
ders Increased their buying again to-day.
Prices declined %@%d and several lots were
withdrawn.
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK. May 2.— Cotton closed dull. 2
points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 2.— Quietness vras preva
lent throughout the day in the local market
for metals. Speculation, was almost ; dormant
and ' trading was confined chiefly to meeting-
Immediate requirements of consumers. Ad
vices from London also indicated a featureless
market. Tin at that point was unchanged.
Locally the market for ! tin ruled quiet but
steady at $25 87%@26, Copper in London ad
vanced 12s 6d under the absence of sellers and
closed steady at £70 2s 6d for spot and £70 12s
6d on futures, with the local market holding
steady at $17 for lake and $16 62% for casting.
Piglron warrants, $9 50010 50; Northern foun
dry, $15 25@16 50. Spelter was easy at $3 95@4.
New York Metal Market.
CHICAGO. May 2.— CATTLE— Receipts. 13,
000. Moderately active; about steady. Butcher
stock slow. Good to prime steers, $5@5 90;
poor to medium, $3 95@4 90; stockers and feed
ers, firm, $3 60@4 90; cows. $2 65@4 60;. heifers.
*2 70@4 75*; canners. slow, $2@2 60; bulls, $2 75
®4 40; calves, $4S5; Texas fed steers, $4 25®
5 40; graders, $3 50®'4; bulls, $2 75@3 80. '
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 28,000; to-morrow,
18,000; left over, estimated, 3500. Average 5c
higher; top, $5 95. Mlxad and butchers', $5 60
<S>5 90; good to choice heavy, $5 70@5 95; rough
heavy, $5 55@5 65; light, $5 55@5 85; bulk of
sales, to 73@5 &7%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 13.000. Market for' sheep
weak: lambs, steady to slow. Good to choice
wethers. $4 15@4 50; fair to choice mixed. $4@
4 30; Western sheep, $4 15@4 50; Texas year
lings. $4 2(KJ,4 60; native - lambs, $4 20@5 25;
Western lambs, $4 50@5 30.
LIVERPOOL. "
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening 6 10% ' 5 10%
Closing'.. 6 11% . 6 11
„;'¦- Paris.
Wheat— May. July- Aug.
Opening ...'. 19 10 i 19 80
Closing...- .....19 10. 19 73
Flour — . .-¦¦¦¦• ' •
Opening 23 95 ¦ 24 90
Closing; :..23 90 24 85
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares ; Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid
556.1C0 Atchison .-. 87
125.400 Atchison prefd .....;103%
33.S0O Baltimore & Ohio 109%
500 Canadian Pacific 100
2.700 Canada Southern ; 74%
151.500 Chesapeake & Ohio 61%
15,200 Chicago Burlington & Quincy IS&ii
3,600 Chicago Ind & Louisville 37%
500 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd .... 71
....... Chicago & Eastern Illinois 130V
3.300 Chicago & Northwestern 210
29,600 Chicago Rock Island & Paclflc 164
1.700 C C C & St Louis S4%
7,500 Colorado Southern 15%
1,700 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 53» 4
1,200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 28%
5,100 Chicago Term & Transfer 22%
3,700 Chicago Term & Transfer prefd 46%
7.100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 93Vi
9,600 Chicago & Alton 47
4,900 Chicago & Alton prefd 80%
6,900 Chicago Great Western 24
500 Chicago Great Western prefd A 83%
Chicago Great Western prefd B 50 .
3.100 Delaware & Hudson 177%
1.500 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .218
4,100 Denver & Rio Grande 47%
7,200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 97%
60.100 Erie 407,4
7.900 Erie 1st prefd ,.. 70%
2,800 Erie 2d prefd 57^
3,700 Great Northern prefd 188fe
3.2C0 Hocking Valley .55^
6,100 Hocking Valley prefd.....'...; 79%.
13,900 Illinois Central 145%
100 Iowa Central- 31
600 Iowa Central prefd 59 ,
400 Lake Erie &. "Western 63%
Lake Erie & Western prefd.; 124
15.500 Louisville & Nashville- 100
5.900 Mexican National 11%
6.C0O Manhattan Elevated 127%
3,600 Metropolitan Street Railway 172%
37,300 Mexican Central .: ; 28%
3,700 Minneapolis & St Louis S5%
17,100 Missouri Pacific ...109%
4,900 Missouri Kansas & Texas 32%
3,700 Missouri Kansas & Texas. prefd 64%
400 New Jersey Central 4 158
70.900- New York Central . 165%
26,000 Norfolk & Western 56%
L600 Norfolk & Western prefd 89
160,600 Northern Pacific ,.. 114*^
7,900 Northern Pacific prefd 99
56,400 Ontario & Western 'i 38%
63,200 Pennsylvania 155V4
P C C & St Louis .- 60
22,700 Reading :..... 42%
19,800 Reading 1st prefd 78%
12.400 Reading 2d prefd 66%
3,300 St Louis & San Fran 50
500 St Louis & San Fran let prefd 86
2,400 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 70%
6,300 St Louis Southwestern 38%
1.700 St Louis Southwestern prefd 67%
119.500 St Paul 174Z?
3,100 St Paul prefd .., .....192
80.400 Southern Pacific ..; .*.. 66%
22.C0O Southern Railway 33^4
14.100 Southern Railway prefd '.'. 86%
7.900 Tol St Louis & Western 18%
8.700 Tol St Louis & Western prefd...... 86%
7.900 Texas & Pacific 491?
545.100 Union Paclflc I2s5
27,900, Union Pacific prefd ....'.'.'"" 9S14
9.400 Wabash " 21«
17.600 Wabash prefd .". 42%
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie .....' 18U
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.. 35^4
2.2/V) -Wisconsin Central " 22«
2,300 "Wisconsin Central prefd.. " 47
.,•; -v* Express Companies— ,
Adam . 8 •'•;•••••—-• ? ;."..:.... 165
American ..: -. ..:..- 198
700 United States ............... "" «au
....... Wells Fargo Y.'.'.'.Y.'.VU
f Miscellaneous — . - .
17.500 Amalgamated .Copper 12114
.3,300 American Car & F ..:........... 25%
1,700 American Car'& F prefd. r.. iw.
600 American Linseed. Oil ;-» 1314
700 American ' Linseed Oil prefd...;.. 3g
9,600 American Smelting A Refining '. 69%
1,500 American Smeltg & Refining prefd. 96%
18,500 American Tobacco 127%
3.900 Anaconda Mining Co.; ' 5054
18,500 -Brooklyn Rapid Transit..... 85V4
10,000 Consolidated Gas 22s
200 Colorado Fuel & Iron... !IlO5%
19, 400 Continental Tobacco 46%
1.600 Continental Tobacco prefd...'... 104%
; 2.400 General Electric. 227%
6,600 Glucose . Sugar 63
" 100 . Hocklnp Coal '. 18%
4.900 International Power' 86.
2,200 International Paper... .; 24
4.100 ' International Paper prefd.".../. 75%
lOOLaclede Gas.'....: ..;... .84
13,S<W . National Biscuit...: -...- .> 4*%
300 National- Lead......; ;.'. 17. -
700; National Salt 45
700 National Salt prefd .............V77
2,300 ' North American. 86«
.'...,.. Pacific Coast :. 60
1,200 Pacific Mail. ..........; 39
9,800 People's Gan ...............117%
1,200 PresseJ Steel-Car ;..'.;.»..'. .45%
500 Pressed Steel Car prefd...; ;.... 83
100 Pullman Palace Car. ........;. 209
2.700 Republic I &.R 20U
1.900 Republic I & S"< prefd.:.. 76%
15.100 Rusar ........'. 146%
3.900 Tennese<» Coal &' Iron '..:..:... 65%
....... Union Bag & P law
Union Baar & P prefd 69%
37.C00 United States Leather...; ....15
fi.100 United States Leather prefd. 78W
7.400 United States Rubber......... TTT.... 22
1.700 United States Rubber prefd......... «4 •' •
lfiC.ROO United. States Rteel ................... 53.
SI.RW). United States Steel prefd.:.. ..;..:. .10CA
6,260 'Western -Union -. 96%
2.S93.200 Shares sold,
absorption. This collaborates the- current sup
position that the great granger trunk lines
feel themselves at a tactical disadvantage if
they have not an assured Pacific Coast outlet
as well as an Eastern trunk line connection
and that all of them will sooner or later take
measures to secure these advantages. The
movement of prices to-day was cited as giving
evidence that the buying of Atchison was for
the benefit of St. Paul and probably also of
Rock Island. There was a - disposition to at
tribute the late strength of .Baltimore and
Ohio to plans for making that 'road the east
ern outlet and the late spurt in Norfolk and
Western and Chesapeake and Ohio wereisup
posed to indicate alternative possibilities.'*- The
declaration of the first dividend on Norfolk
and Western of . 1 per cent was. however, the
more plausible explanation of the strength of
the last named Etock. The feverish . and er
ratic fluctuations in Union Paciflo were amply
explained by the new uncertainties surround
ing the present ownership of Its control. There
were various rumors both to the effect that
the Vanderbllt Interests had perfected their
control and that the Harriman Interest had
secured the maintenance of their control.
Every movement in the stock and every rumor
regarding the control was looked upon with
suspicion by the uneasy speculators as a de
vice to further the contest and ¦ underlying all
was their dread that when once the actual
control is decided the high price -will not be
maintained. The extreme range of the stock
was 6 points and the net loss 1%. Atchison
advanced an extreme 11%- and closed within a
fraction of the best. St. Paul Is 2% higher
on the day. Chesapeake and Ohio 3% and Nor
folk and Western 1%. The stocks included in
the Burlington deal, the Erie stocks not ex
cluded. " were all notably heavy. The heavy
profit-taking and weakness of the United
States Steel . stocks had a large sentimental
effect on the whole market. New York Cen
tral was quite severely handled and loses 3%
on the day. Except for the few special points
of strength the market was on the whole re
actionary. The money rate was distinctly
firmer to-day, ruling at 6 per cent early in
the day and It was said that a number of the
banks were calling- loans. The sub-treasury
figures, -which include the payment for the
gold exports, show a loss by the money mar
ket thus far of $5,758,000. The payments of
the Government Interest and of the blocks of
Go\-ernment bonds redeemed yesterday and to
day do not figure yet lu the- statement, but it
Is evident that there must ¦ have been . a very
heavy movement of cash from the interior
during the week to overcome these losses. The
sterling exchange market had a firm under
tone and there Is still a possibility of gold
engagements to-morrow for Saturday's steamer.
The closing of the market was easy and al
most weak except for the final spurt In Atchi
son.
Union Pacific convertible bonds continued
very active and the bond market otherwise
was irregular. Total sales. $7,165,000. <7t
United States refunding 2s (coupon) declined
% and the 3s \i per cent on the last call.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creameries, 14@19c; dairy, 11
@16. Cheese, 9%@14c. Eggs, 11%C
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour,- barrels 40,000 ¦ 32.000
Wheat, bushels 41,000 . 246,000
Corn, bushels ..'.. .........240,000 285,000
Oats, bushels '. 201,000 - 424,000
Rye, bushels 11,000 65,000
Barley, bushels 7,000 ,v4,000
Oats, Corn and Rye as before.
Beans and Seeds as before quoted.
Nothing new in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Asparaguslind Green Peas lower. Potatoes easy.
Old Onions firm and new weak.
Butter firm, Cheese steady aurf Eggs weak.
Cherries and Strawberries damaged by tlie rain." •
Five cars of Oranges announced for to-day's auction.
Dried Fruit as before.
Provisions dull at the old quotations.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Light trading on the local stock exchanges.
Hides quiet, but good stock steady.
Exchange unchanged. Silver higher.
Wheat quiet and unchanged. Barley shows more tone.
Cash quotations were as ' follows : Flour, de
mand moderate; No. 3 spring' wheat, 73c; No.
2 red, 75@75%c; No. 2 corn, 53c; No. 2 yellow,
52@54c; No. 2 oats, 29%@29%c; No. ; 2 white,
29%c; No. 3 white, 2S@29c; No. 2 rye, 53@34c;
good feeding barley. 51@55c; fair to choice malt-
Ing, 59c; No. 1 flax seed, ,$163; No. 1 North
western, $1 68; prime timothy seed, $3@3 75;
mess pork, per bbl, $15 15(g>15 20; lard, •' per 100
lbs, $8 17%@8 20;' short-rib sides (loose), $8 10®
3 40; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 37%@8 50.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 2.-To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance. $156,030,293; sold, $96,976,614.
*" • . ' -^ *
NEW YORK, May 2.— Money on call firm,
A§ 6 per cent; last loan, 6 per cent; ruling rate,
4^@5 per cent; prime mercantile paper. 3%@4ii
per cent; sterling exchange firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 88 for demand
and U 84% for sixty days; posted rates. ?4 85%
@4 86 Rnd $4 89; commercial bills $4 84®4 84%
silver certificates, 60c; bar silver, 59%c; MexK
can dollars, 48%c. Bonds— Government, weak*
State, strong; railroad, irregular.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, May 2.-Atchlson, SO; Canadian
Pacific, 103; Union Paclflc preferred, 100; North
em Paclflc preferred. 104; Grand. Trunk ! 12*
Anaconda, 10%; United States Steel 65% - do
preferred, 104; bar silver, steady. 27%d- mo'nev
3@4% per cent.. ,
CLOSING.
The bank has bought £203,000 of gold in
American bars. There was a demand. for sil
ver for the India market.
The feature of the day's business, however,
was the gigantic options in Americans, this
being regarded by some . people here as the
only safe method of dealing in them now.
united States Steel was active around 53% for
the common and 103% for the preferred. There
was a big- rush for Grand Trunks on vague
rumors of working agreements being arranged
between them, Northern Pacific and the Ley
land line.
In the American department business- was
active, but confused and irregular. , London
rushed In to take profits during the first hours
of. the morning, but there soon came a furious
demand foT" Atchison, -which went higher and
rallied the 'whole list. There was a pause dur
ing which the market fluctuated feverishly.'
Then the boom was continued when it waa
learned that Pennsylvania was buying large
lines. Union Pacific hung rather heavy al
though 150 was talked for it on the reported
guarantee of 6 per cent on the stock by those
who are acquiring- control.
A large business was done in the Stock' Ex
change-here to-day. Buying orders had ac
cumulated over the holiday, the execution of
which • grave the market the appearance of
great activity, but the tone also waa better,
more buoyant than it has been for a long time.
NEW YORK. May 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
CLOSING BONDS.
TJ S 2s ref re*... LiOffV/ T Y Cent lsts 107%
U S 2s ref coup...ir)fiVl * J Cent gen -5s... 133%
U S 3s re« 110 '^Pacific 3s 72%
U S 3s coup .r..U0 N T Pacific 4s.... 106
U K new 4s tp«....1S7«4 V Y C & St L 4s.lO6%
U S new 4s coup..j^% M & W con 4s 104%
U S o'd *m ro? li.iv, Or Nav lsts ...109
u S old 4s coup...H3U Or Nav 4s 104U
U S 5s ret:.....'. HO Or Short Line 6S/.128
U S 5a coup. .....110 Or S Line con 6s.. 116
Dist of Col 3.I5T.S... 125 Reading Gen 4s... 96%
Atchison sren 4a.. ..102% R G W lsts 101
Atchison adj 4s.... 06 S L & I M con 6s.H5
Canada So 2da. ...lOSVi S L & S F. iren 6s. 134%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 103 St Paul cons.. 192
Ches & Onio Cs....ll.i% S P C & P lsts.. ..11*%
C &JNW con 7i»...:H0V4 S P C & P 5s 120
C ft NWHFdeb 3a. UT So Pacific 4s 94
Chgo Terminal 4b: 5)5 So Railway 5s. ....117%
Colo SoutHorn in.:. dS% Stand R & T 6s... 60
D & R Q 4s KiSJ.i Tex & Pao lsts.. ..120
Erie Gen 4s K7"« Tex & Pac 2ds.....l00
F W & D C-Uts..lC'J% Union Paolflc 4s...lO5%
Gen BnectrlC 5b...:.1S5V4 Wabash lsts ......117%
Iowa Cent ls*s......ll7V t Wabash 2ds 110
L & N Unl 4a 103V4 West S^ore 4s 114%">
M K & T 2ds . *3 Wls Central 4s 91
M K &*T 4s 98% Va Centuries 05's
• . MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ."20 Little Chief......... 12
Alice 40 Ontario- 3 50
Breece 1 J5 Ophir ...1 00
Brunswick Con is Phoenix ............. OS
Comstock Tunnel... 0'> Potosi '. <>6
Con Cal & Va 2 25 Savage ...\ 12
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada...... ; t'3
Horn Sliver 1 15 Small Hones ....... 55
Iron Silver CO Standard ........ ...Z 13
Leadvllle Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End -» ......... f>S •
Call loans ...... 3>i@4U Wsstl.ighouse El... 64 .
Time loans i @4'i Bonds— i
Stocks— . ' Atchison 4s M03
A T & S F S6% N J3 Oa«&Coke 5s. OS
A T & 8 F prpfJ.104'i Miainr ahares—
American Sugar.. .:46>i Adventure ....... . 17U
Am Telephone. liti% Bin^ham Min Co. . Sf. 5 !!
Boston & Albany.. 210 Amalg Copper 121T4
Boston Elevato'.l...i77. Aflantic 37
Boston & Main<»...lDX Boston & Mont.. .445
•Chgo. Bur & Q... 19S Butte & Bos ton... 115
Dominion Coal SO'/ Calumet & Hecla..84O
Dom Coal profd...ll4 Centennial 33%
Fttchrnug preM...lJ7 Franklin 19%
Ed Elec 111.* 24" Humboldt 25
Mexican Ceniral... 29 Osceola 89%
Mich Telephone.... C2 Parrot 55%
N E Gaa & Cok«*.. 11% Quincy 178
Old Colony «v) Santa Fe Copper.. 8
Old Dominion...... 35 Tamarack ...338
Rubber J2'/. Utah Mining 32%
Unioi. Paciflo liS>,i WInona 4%
Union Land ?.•/. Wolverines 57%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles— -
Wheat No. 2— Open. High. Low. : Close.
May 73% 74 ¦ v 73 - 73%
July ..; ;. -73% "' 74H «TW : «%
Corn No. 2— • ¦ :„:,-
May '................ 51 55 ; 50 53%
July -46U-- 47% - — 46 .. 47H
Geptember 45% 46% . 45% 46%
Oats No.' 2— / „
May... f. 28%. 29V4 28%. 29%J
July 26% 27 . '26% . 27 ,
September .....;.;.._ 25% • 25% 25%- 25%
Mess Pork rer bb!—
May 1500 15 15 15 00 15 lo
July .15 00 15 32% 15 00 . 15 22%
Lard.; per 100 lbs— •"•"' ,
May 8 17% 8 17%. • 8 12% 8 12%
July 8 07% S 10 8 05 *8 05
September ......... 8 07% 8 07% 8 02% .8 05
Ribs, per 100 lbs- _ _ g
July :;• -8 00 8 05 7 91% 8 00
September. 7 97% ¦ 8 00 7 92% ' 7 95
. BAGS-^-San .Quentln' Bags, $5 65; Calcutta,
Grain; Bags, ;' 7c; ;local .' make, .^c less ; than
Calcuttas ; . Wool Bags.. '30@34c;> Fleece Twine,"
7%@sc. ,::-.:>.:- ~ ;-¦¦¦'¦¦ ,- " .-, -¦.---;
COAL— Wellington. $3 pet ton; Southfleld
General .Merchandise.
¦ Although Hides are still reported quiet, good
stock shows* rather more tone, as will be seen
by the quotations. y . . '
'HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations.' Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c: light. -8@>8Hc; Cow
Hides. SHc for heavy and 8V4c for light; Stags
6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls, 13^@l4c; Dry
Kip. 16c; Dry .Calf, 16@17c; Culls and Brands
13@14c: - Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@23c each"
short Wool;. 30@4Sc each; medium, . 60@70c; long
W^ool, 90c(ffSl each; Horse Hides, salt^ $2 60 for
large and $2572 23 for medium. $1@1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $175 for
large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for small and 50c
for ¦ Colts. Deerskins — Summer or ¦•¦¦ red skins,
35c; fall or medium skin?. 30c; winter or thin
skins, 20c. -.'Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No. 2,
3^fq4c: grease. 2@2%c. . •
-- WOOL— Spring, 1 1900 - or ; 1901— HumbOldt and
Mendocino, 15@16c per !b-s ' Northern, free, 12®
13c; defective, 9@llc; Middle County.- free 109
11; do, defective, 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8@9c; SouthernA f ree. 7 months, 7@10c; do. de
fective, 7 months. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine, 15
@16c; do, medium and coarse. :14@15c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, 12® He; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, IOi&Uc. . *
-HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
/
The market continues duIUand unchanged..
" CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c : for light medium, 13%c for
light. 14%c for extra light and 15%c for sugar
cured; Eastern . sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess. $12 60; Fam
ily, $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear.
$23- Mess,- $19: Smoked Beef, 14c. per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound \ and 10%c . . for, pure ; half-barrels,
pure. lO^c: 10-lb tins, ll%c: 5-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE—^Jne half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8&c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and. Hops.
Provisions.
FRUITS — Apricots, 5@7%c for Royals;
Evaporated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried. lVi@2c;
Peaches, 3V6@4c for standard, 4%@5V4c for
choice and 6@6^ic for " fancy; Pears, 2@7c;
Plums, pitted, 3%@5c; unpitted, l@l%c; Nec
tarines. 4©4V4c for red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50s, 6&c; 50-60s. 4Uc:
60-70s 3%c; ' 70-80s, 3%c; 80-90s. 2%c; 90-100s,
2%c; 10O-120S. lV£c. — ¦
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, ' 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; nrlme, 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's, -9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, 10\ic per
lb- choice, 9>,6c; standard. 8%c; prime. 8c: un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; - Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c:'4-crown." 7c; "3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 5V»c: seeded (Fresno prices), 5Vic;
London Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per . box; 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common
shipping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10@llc; No.
2, 7V4@8o;. No. 1 hardshell, 10c; No. 2, 6@7c;
Almonds, 13@14c for papershell, lOSJllc for soft
shell and 6@6c for hardshell : Peanuts, 5@6c
for Eastern:. Brazil Nuts, ll@ll%c; Filberts,
12(iD12»4c; Pecans, ll®13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5..
HONEY— Comb, 13V4@14c for bright and 12^
@13c for light amber; water white extracted,
7@7%c; light amber extracted. 5@6c; dark, Op
BC BEESWAX— 23@28c per lb^
There Is no further news In this market.
Fruits are firm and in fair demand.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Strawberries declined, and some of them
came in muddy.
Five cars of Oranges are announced for to
day's . auction. Citrus fruits are without
jchange. y^
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
CHERRIES—Receipts were 619 boxes, selling
at 50#75c per box for red and $1@1 50 for dark.
'¦ STRAWBERRIES — $7<S?10 per chest for Lony
worths and $6@8 for large berries. Receipts
were 210 chests.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, . $1@2 25;
Seedlings. 75c@$l; Tangerines, 75c@$l 25; Lem
ons, 75c(E?$l 25 for common and $1 50@2 50 for
good to choice; Grape Krult. 50cffl$l 50; Mexican
Limes, $4 50@5; Bananas. $1 25@2 EO per, bunch
for New Orleans and $1 25@2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples, $1 50@4 per dozen.*
Many of yesterday's Cherries were split, and
such stock sold at 50@«0c per box. Even sound
etock was lower, as receipts were larger. •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras. 16c; firsts." 15c; seconds . - — ;
store, VlVzC ' •
CHEESE — Fancy, full cream, 9c: choice,
E%c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10%c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White. 13c; mixed
colors. 14c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13%c; standard.
13c; second s, . .
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
BUTTER— Creamery, 17@17%c per lb for fancy
and iey.c for seconds; dairy. 14@16c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, • 10@10%c; old,
Sigg^c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 15@16c for good to fancy;
store, 13@14'/£c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Cheese is as previously quoted.
- Eggs are very weak, and prices have again
declined. Stocks continue to increase and are
now large.
Receipts were 61,400 pounds and 120 tubs of
Butter, 1134 cases Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 21.700 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
j As there are no orders for fresh Butter on
the market dealers have to rely upon the de
mand for cold storage and packing to keep
down the surplus. , The feeling, however, is
firm, and quotations are maintained.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
A car of Eastern sold at $8 50®7 for Hens,
$5 for old Roosters, $8 50 for young do, $6 for
Fryers. $3 for small broilers. $1 75 for Plgeon3.
$2 for Squabs, $4 for old Ducks and $3 50 for
young do, SI for Geese, 8@10c for Gobblers and
12Vic for Hen Turkeys. :
. POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llc for Gobblers
and U(g>12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $125®
1 50; Goslings, $2 25@2 60; Duck, $4 50@6 for
old and $607 for young; Hens. $4@5; youn^
Roosters. $7@8; old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers.
$5 50@« 50; Broilers, $4 50@5 for large and $2 25@
3 CO for small: Pigeons, $1 50@l 73 per dozen for
old and $2 25@2 50 f5r Squabs.
GAME-Hare. $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontail and 73c@?l fpr Brush..
barge young Poultry cells well enough, but
old stock is duli.
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 75c@$l; Burbanks,
$1@1 25 for River . and $1 50@l 70 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles. $150; Sweets. 65@75c for Merced;
New Potatoes. 2@3c per lb.
ONIONS— Cut Onions.' 50c@» 25 per sack;
Australians. $1@4 25: Green Onions. 50@63c per
box; New Red, $1 75@2 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 60c@$l 60 per box;
Asparagus, $1 75 for fancy; $1 25@>1 50 per box
for No. 1 and 75c@$l for No. 2; Green Peae,
75c@$l 25 per sack; Garden Peas, 2%c per lb:
String Beans i(p/io for Los Angeles and 7@10c
for Vacaville; Horse Beans, BO<g/75o per sack;
Cabbage, 90c#$l per ctl; Tomatoes, Mexican.
$1 25@1 50 per crate: from' 1 Los Angeles, $1@2;
Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra, 15c per lb;
Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers,
40@85c per dozen; Garlic, 10@15c per lb; Green
Peppers', 12%@m4c- per lb; Egg Plant,- 25c
per lb. *i '¦"" • '. . /
Summer Squash appeared from Winters, sell-
Ing at 12%c per lb.
¦ Receipts were 763 boxes Asparagus, 28a boxes
Rhubarb, 1200 sacks Bay Peas. 162 sacks String
Beans and 207 sacks New Potatoes..
¦ There was no further advance In Potatoes and
the feeling was easier. Old. Onions were firm,
but new were lower and weak at the decline.
New Potatoes kent up. Sweet Potatoes ad
vanced. ' .
¦ Receipts of Peas got back to normal propor
tions " again, and prices declined accordingly.
Asparagus was also lower.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 70; Small White, $4 85
@5; Large White, $4®4 20; Pink, $1 60@l 85;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $2 75@3; j LImas, $6 25
@6 50; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 50 per ctL
- SEEDS— Brown Mustard, - nominal; Yellow-
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary, 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c: Hemp, 3^0 ; Timothy, 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 ner ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
There are no further changes to report. The
market is quiet.. ' i'~. '
, HAY— Volunteer, $5@S; Wheat. *U@13; Wheat
and Oat. $9@12; Oat, $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $8@9 50; Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn '-Meal,
$26 50® 27; Cracked Corn, $27@28; Mixed . Feed,
$15@16. ... ,
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
All descriptions remain the same. Hay is
featureless at the old prices.
BRAN- $16 50@17 'per ton. ¦,
Hay and Feedstuff s.
ing thought to be • for packers. July : pork
closed at the top, 32%c over yesterday; lard
and ribs a shade down. *~ .;¦'-' •-;-X-;
The leading futures ranged aa follows: ¦
Hale & Norcrss 23 24 Utah 02 04
Julia — 02tTellow Jacket.. 22 23
Alta. 04 06 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 05 05 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 13 15 Mexican 31 33
Best & Belcher 31 33 Occidental 03 04
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr 100 103
Caledonia 63 65 Overman ...... 17 1»
Challenge Con. 12 13 PotosJ 06 08
Chollar 08 09 Savage 16 17
Confidence 63 63 Scorpion — . C4
Con Cal & Va.2 45 3 50 Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 26 Z!
Con Now Tork. — 01 Silver Hill 36 33
Crown Point... 16 17 St Louis :. 06 —
Eureka Con.... 06 —Standard 3 90 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate ...... — 05
Gould & Curry. 17 13 Union Con 11 13
THURSDAT. May 2— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.'
Alpha 03 05 Justice 06 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 06i 300 Gould St Curry IT
100 Con Cal & Va.2 50
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 14 100 Savage 18
200 Challenge 12 300 Silver Hill 55
400 Con Cal & Va.2 45 300 Silver Hill 37
300 Gould & Curry. 17 100 Union Con U
300 Ophlr 105 300 Yellow Jacket.. 23
100 Overman IS
The following were the sales In the Paclfla
Stock Board yesterday:
¦ ¦ ' Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 32 200 Ophir 1 OS
600 Best & Belcher. 33 300 Overman 19
300 Con Cal & Va.2 59 200 Sierra Nevada. J7
400 Gould & Curry. Hi 300 Silver Hill U
MINING STOCKS.
Board—
S00O California-Standard M
3C0 California & Utah Oil Co 25
5 Hanford '. 98 00
20 Kern Oil 6 75
800 Monarch of Arizona, 50
Board—
250 California & Utah Oil Co , W
100O Lion ...*..... . 1«
- • ¦ - Afternoon Session.
Morning Session!
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
.^^ Morning Session.
100 California-Standard SS
lOOO Four o
*5 anford .' 8S CO
100 Home 3 33
100 Home """"".* ." 3 30
200 Monarch of Arizona 50
100 Monte Crlsto 2 «
£00 Reed Crude 43
500 Reed Crude 42
1000 Reed Crude „ 40
¦ 10O Reed Crude 4t
10O Sterling "* ¦•-••-• -^ ypr
EO Twenty-eight t -.•••••
Street— *
20 Home j 40
Afternoon Session.
500 Central Point Con j 50
200 Home "330
450 Home "¦¦".' 335
600 Monarch of Arizona , 4s
500 Monarch of Arizona ""* 43
200 Monte Cristo \ 240
20 Monte Cristo 2 30
100 Peerless, s 5 g 00
10O Peerless, b/60 „, 850
110O Petroleum Center u
100 Petroleum Center 12 ,
100 Sterling 195
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
* 210 Paauhau S P Co 2S 23
, 10 Paclflc Coast Borax -.153 00
75 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 30 . 37 ZP&
{13.000 S P of A bonds (1910) 114 00
170CO S V 6s 113 50
*60 U S 3s (Coupon) 110 00
200-Vlgorit Powder 3 00
FOR THURSDAT. MAT 2. . .
Flour, qr ska 21,020: Wool, bales....... 1,985
Wheat, ctls 3,350 Hay, tons .. 72
Barley, ctls 3,760 Sugar, ctls 15,400
Oats, ctls 5 Lime, bbls 182
Corn. ctls. 5 Hides. No 4S5
Beans, sks 30 Pelts, bdls 3.233
Potatoes, sks 1,80$ Brandy, gals 3.G00
Bran, sks... 1,450 Wine, gals 157,500
Middlings, sks... 50 Sliver, flsks 208
Alfalfa seed, sks 27 Leather, rolls.... 93
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks 3661
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.... 11,204 .
Receipts of Produce.
LAMB— Spring. 9@93£c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under. «#«8
6%c; ISO to 225 lbs, &&®&/t,c: 225 and over. 6®
6%c; feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8V4@9%c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7®8c: small. S(!?9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8®S%crEwes. VAQSa per
pound. "
Wellington. 59 : Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coo*
Bay. *5 50: Wallsend. »9; Co-operative Walls
end, S3; Cumberland, *12 In bulk and^J13 2o In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite B-gS. $U: Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
«7 In, sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
*8 45 per 2000 pounds and ?S 50 per ton. accord-
Ins to brand. ' . ,
OILS— California Castor OH. In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure. Jl 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels boiled.
75c; raw. 73c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, ««"a
winter strained, barrels. 80c: cases. 8oc; China
Nut, 55@65c pe^ gallon; pure Neatsfoot oil.
barrels, 63c; cases. 70c: Sperm, pure. 6oc,
Whale Oil, natural white. 37tt@42%c per gal
lon: FishxOll, in barrels. 35c: cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, m bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral, 19c: Star.
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine, 24c: Eocene. 21c.
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, lac; in
cases. 21c; Benzine, in "bulk, 14c: in cases. 20c.
86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases. 28c.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon In cases ana
49c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb.-in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.63c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Fruit Granulated, 5.30c:
Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C, 5.15c; Golden C.
5.05c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more:
boxes, 50c more; 50-Ib bags, 10c more. No
orders taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. ! Dominos, half-barrels, 6.40c: boxes,
6.65c per lb. - •
Receipts from the islands in April were &>,
707.000 lbs,' against 64.318.000 in April, 1300.
•¦-..:. ¦ - ¦ . . . -¦¦¦<¦ . .¦ :¦ ¦¦¦ .-. ¦ ¦ ¦ ~ .' ' • 5 . •¦- ¦' ' .:¦;/;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 3, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
10
New York Grain and Product.
STATIONS.
Last I This I Last
24 Hours Season. 1 Season.
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento
Fan Francisco
Fresno
Independent*
San Luis Oblspo
Los Angeles
San Diego
. 6*06
0.06
45.93
24.21
19.52
20.51
11.06
5.S5
So. S3
15.57
11.24
47.96
21.97
17.88
18.10
S.31
3.44
15.S2
6.10
4.44
STATIONS.
Last I This I Last
24 Hours Season. 1 Season.
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento
Fan Francisco
Fresno
Independent*
San Luis Oblspo
Los Angeles
San Diego
. 6*06
0.06
45.93
24.21
19.52
20.51
11.06
5.S5
So. S3
15.57
11.24
47.96
21.97
17.88
18.10
S.31
3.44
15.S2
6.10
4.44
fA little of it judiciously invested ofttimes V<^
brings great returns. '
//I Ur b us m ess is the combining of small >^A
//) ca P ital > thusgiving it the power to yield VSo
A/l healthy dividends. If you are interested in KSy •
S/a making your money increase at the rate of \^S
. /> 7 per cent to 15 per cent and yet have safe VV
f/j £ security, call on . Sj
wji The West Coast Investment Co. M
\/A ' Phelan Building, San Francisco, CaL JyLATE SECRETARY B. M. LE
LONG OF THE STATE BOARD
OF HORTICULTURE.
marvelous juggler will do. spooky stunts
on the front lawn. Last of all will come
the battle of the flowers, an engagement
offering the charming advantage I that
everybody comes off first best after keep
ing the air thick with rose petal missiles
and boutonnleres for half an hour. Loads
of flowers have . been . pledged for , this
event, which turns the old English fes
tivity Into a festival of the Golden State.
The following named committees will be
ably assisted by many unofficial recruits
in making the fete an unqualified suc
cess : ¦ v •
Lower gate — Mrs. F. *E.' McBlrath, Mrs.
Spencer Brown. Mrs. E. B. Beck, Mrs. Q. A.
Chase. Miss Bernard.
Upper pate— Mrs. ; George C. Edwards, • Miss
K. C. Radford, Mrs. R. W. Gorrill, Mrs. A. A.
A Treat for Caledonians.
Members^ ot the Caledonian Club will be
entertained at the meeting of the club to
night by Y. C. Lawson. who will speak on
"A Trip Through Scotland." Mr. Lawson
is a well-informed man and a most liUer
estiner talker.
Ladies' Relief Annual. Ball.
.ALAMEDA, May 2.— The annual bail of
the German Ladies' Relief Society: will be
given in Harmonie Hall this coming Sat
urday evening.- The committee in charge
is composed of Mrs. C. A; Wilhelmi.'Mrs.
Kaehler, Mrs; L. Warnke and" Mrs. J:
Eur glair Sent 'to. Folsom.
. Luke A. Kuykendall pleaded ,>uiltv to a
charge of burglary -before Judge .Cook
yesterday and was sentenced to five years
in Folsom penitentiary.* He broke Into
therooms of Dr. Rice, on Stockton street,
and 'stole about 5300 < worth of instru
ments and other articles.
Steamship Managers Organize.
A meeting of steamship owners and
agents was held r yesterday afternoon 'at
321 'Market street. By-laws were adopted
for the Steamship Managers'. Association
of -San 'Francisco, and five directors: were
elected.'.^ The organization of, the associa
tion will -be perfected by the -: election : of
officers,' which will take place tOrday.
Builds Fire in His Cell.
OAKLAND, May 2.— Because he built a
fire out of bed slats in his cell. Harry
Keating, a bicycle thief, who would have
been discharged Monday, will have to an
swer to an accusation of malicious mis
chief In the Police Court as soon as his
term shall expire. Keating was warming
er-ffec over the blaze he had kindled when
Claims Against Snow Outlawed.
OAKLAND, May 2.— The Supreme Court
decision for which Judge Hall has beein
waiting before making a ruling in the
case of the city against ex-Mayor R. W.
Snow has been rendered and will outlaw
about ?6000 of the' city's claim ot 5630S 72.
The decision holds that delinquencies
of public officials are, under the statute
of limitations, not recoverable after three
years. About $6000 of the fees on city
taxes claimed to have been illegally
tak«n by Snow while City. Assessor were
collected more than three ' years : prlqr to
the beginning of the suit to recover
them. \
Harry Walters Convicted.
-Harry Walters, who is looked uoon as
the head of the. bunko men in the cltv.
was convicted on a charge of vagrancy
by Judge Cabaniss yesterday and will ap
pear for, sentence this morning, but it will
probably' be postponed UA next week, us
the -defendant's attorney is going, out of
the city for a few days. The case will be
appealed. --sHEm ..---•.
Wants Money for Sswers.
The Supervisors' Street Committee de
cided yesterday tcrequest the Finance
Committee to set- aside $73,000^ for better
sewerage in the Sunset district and to pre
vent the Almshouse . drainage from con
taminating the water in that vicinity. '
The petition of the taxpayers asking for
the removal of a fence maintained by the
Southern Pacific- Company •• across: St.
Mary's avenue was referred to . the City
Attorney for his opinion as to the cor
poration's rights in the premises. ..:.<_ '
Divorce Court Notes.
OAKLAND. May •2.— Judge Ellsworth
to-day granted . decrees of divorce to
Martna A. Mueller from Emil F. Muel
ler and to Minnie Kirkman from William
H. Kirkman for desertion, the cases hav
ing been previously referred to the Court
Commissioner for investigation. Mrs.
Kirkman was eiven the custody of her
minor 'child and $10 monthly for its sup
port. Alice Beem has begun suit for di
vorce from Lewis C. Beem on the ground
of cruelty.
O'Connell Wins His Point.
The action Instituted by Martin O'Con
nell against Thomas P. Henneberry for an
accounting of the profits of the Phoenix
Foundry of Oakland, which has been on
trial before Judge Murasky on and off for
several month3, has been abruptly con
cluded. R. M. Fitzgerald, Henneberry's
attorney, arose in court and offered to
give the accounting prayed for by O'Con
nell and to permit Judgment to be entered
In O'Connell's favor for one- half the
profits in event the accounting showed
that the foundry had netted a profit.
O'Connell'3 attorneys immediately accept
ed the offer and a settlement will hence
be effected. -Henneberry .had denied that
O'Connell was his partner in the foundry
business. The settlement reached seems
to have- settled this point, however," in
favor of O'Connell.
Dr. Bunker in Court.
Dr.*R. E, Bunker, who is charged with
murder in connection with thf death of
Jane Bouillaguet on April .25 from blood
poisoning," appeared in Judge Cabaniss*
court yesterday. He was. represented by
Attorneys John A. Hosmer and Frank
Kelly. By consent the case was contin
ued for a, week to give time for the testi
mony taken at the Coroner's inquest to
be transcribed.
Expensive , Documents.
OAKLAND, May 2.— The complete
transcript of the evidence- in. the water
rate case was sent to Judge Hart. at Sac
ramento from the County Clerk's office
to-dav. The ' volumes <: include 8149 pages
and represent .an, expenditure of. $9594 SO.
Old Man Sent to Prison.
OAKLAND. May 2.— The plea Of Her
man Boenlg, wiio was up for sentence to
day In Judge Melvin's court for burglar
izing the house of his employer, Mrs, An
nie M. Splars, that his employer had fur
nished the liquor on which he became in
toxicated, did not" avail to save him from
the penitentiary.
"I was drunk, your Honor, when I' did
it. and it' was their fault that I was drunk.
They gave me the liquor. I have a son in
the army, and I don't want him to find
his father in prison when he is mustered
out."
The prisoner stated that he was 49 years
of age and had a good record previous to
his conviction in the present instance.
"Well, 1 think you are old enough to
know better," said his Honor, and com
mitted him to San Quentin for two years.
Holds Burglar for Trial.
OAKLAND. May 2.-Charles Wright,
one of three men arrested after a hard
battle by Policemen Andrews and Cocker
ton, was held for trial on_ a of
burglary by Police Judge Smith to-day.
W H Long and John McDonald, Wright's
companions, will be discharged unless the
police can find more evidence than is now
at hand to connect them with the recent
burglaries, in- which f the gang is believed
to have had a hand. -Their cases were
continued until Monday. .. .
Stole Brass to Buy Food.
Henry Wilson of 8V& Sherwood place, a
laborer at the Union Iron Works, Appeared
before Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge
of petty larceny. He stole about 25 cents'
worth of brass and told tho Judge he was
compelled to do it, as there was no money
in his house with which to buy food for
his wife and children and his payday was
a long way off. His wife was in court
with a babe in her. arms and testified that
her husband never drank nor smoked and
she supposed he had taken the brass so"
that he could get money to buy food. The
Judge allowed Wilson to ko on his -own
recognizance for a month to see how he
would behave himself. • -
Trouble Over a Building.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee yester
day heard the complaint of Maria
Sjohblm, who is building a house on the
northwest corner of Sutter and Powell
streets, against A. B. McCreary, who peti
tioned that the lady be compelled to tear
down the top story cf her building, as It
endangered his property. Mrs. SJoholm
alleges that McCreary was making all the
trouble because she had refused to sell
him the lot. "There appeared to be a dif
ference of opinion between City Architect
Mai:ser and Attorney H&Ight. represent
ing McCreary. as to whether the building
fronted on Sutter or Powell street, but the
discussion was- cut Bhort by the commit
tee, which recommended that "Mrs.
Sjoholm's petition to be allowed to erect
the building to a height of fifty-five feet
be granted.
The Finance Committee was requested
to set aside funds for the removal and
placing underground of the fire alarm and
police telegraph wires.
EXPECTS SOME LIVELY i ;
BIDDING FOR REALTY
Laymance Real Estate Company Will
Offer Many Homes, at" First
Auction Sale.
OAKLAND, May 2.— The Laymance
Real Estate Company has arranged to
hold the first puction sale of realty on
Saturday, May 4, .at 2 o clock, at the of
fices of the company, 460 Eighth street.
The property offered consists of lots
and residences in Oakland. Berkeley, Ala
meda and the suburban districts The of
ferings are nearly all bank holdings, sold
to clear mortgage Hens. The Laymance
Company will sell ' these on the partial
payment plan and expects^ large transac
tions from the opening of the bidding. A
special feature of the residences to be
auctioned is that most. of them are newly
finished houses. They are scattered over
all sections of the cities named.
INCENDIARY FIRE IS
UNDER INVESTIGATION
Special Agents Find That the Burned
Furniture Had Been Liberally
Insured.
OAKLAND, May 2.— Investigation has
uncovered many peculiar circumstances
surrounding the incendiary attempt to
burn the residence at 1661 Grove street,
occupied by William S. Linn. The furni
ture which had been set on fire in vari
ous parts of the house after being sat
urated with coal oil was insured in sep
arate companies by two $500 policies, and
was covered by a chattel mortgage for
1200.'
Linn was cross-questioned at much
length by the insurance agents, Fire
Chief Ball and Chief of Police Hodgkins,
but he declared he could not solve the
mystery surrounding the attempt to-de
stroy his household goods. • r.-- •: '
Linn had taken out an insurance policy
in one company which forbade additional
insurance on the risk. In • spite of
this condition he bought a second
policy in another company. A few
days before the fire Linn had been
given notice to vacate the premises, . be
cause he was three months; behind with
his rent.
The police are waiting for a report from
the insurance adjusters before taking
further steps - - v- > f
TEAMSTERS ESTABLISH
NEW WAGE . SCHEDULE
Union Sates Show Slight Advance.
Butchers Demand Shorter Hours.
Boss Draymen Organize.
OAKLAND, May 2.-A new schedule of
wages has gone Into effect for teamsters,
the scale having been fixed by the- Team
Drivers' Union. The new rates represent
an increase of 25 to 75 cents a day for
drivers of large trucks. The fruit team
sters have fixed a rate of 112 a week, an
increase of $2, lor light delivery wagons,
and $14 for for one to two and a half ton
wagons. Parsel delivery teamsters re
ceive J10 weekly. The hours of work were
fixed at from 6 a. m. to6p.m. The Driv
ers' Union elected seventy- four members
last evening, making a total of 540.
Oakland Union No. 120 of the Amalga
mated Meat Cutters and Butcher Work
men has adopted a new scale of hours
and a new pay schedule, to go Into effect
May 23. The resolutions covering the de
rnands are as follows:
Resolution Xo. 1— Resolved. That the hours
of labor be from 7 o'clock a, m. until 5 o'clock
p. m.. one hour for lunch, on all work days
but Saturdays and days preceding the follow
ing named holidays: New Year's day. Labor
day. July 4, Thanksgiving- day and Christmas
day, when the hours of labor shall be from
7 o'clock a. m. to 9 o'clock p. m.. with one
hour for lunch and one hour for dinner, pro
viding eaid holidays do not fall on a Monday
or Saturday, when all shops will close at noon
on eaid holidays.
Resolution No. 2— Unsolved. That members
of this union ehaJI work by the week or
month and be paid by the week or month,
but extra men shall work by the day and be
paid by the day. and wages not be reduced
for regular or extra men.
Resolution No. 2— Resolved. That all shops
that are open doing business between th«
hours of 9 o'clock p. m. on Saturday and 7
o'clcck a. m. on Monday are unfair shops
and "will bo treated as such. .
Resolution No. 4— Resolved, That the above
naid resolutions go Into effect on Thursday,
May 23. at 7 o'clock a., m.
The musicians of Oakland have applied
to the American Federation of Musicians
for a charter, r
The boss teamsters have organized un-
Cer the name of the Express and Dray
men's Association of Alameda County. A
schedule of rates Is under discussion
covering all -the items in handling mer
chandise. The* officers are: President.
James Henneberry: first vice president, E.
C. Lyon: second vice president, M. Gi
roux; treasurer, Albert Barlow; financial
secretary. Fred M. French; assistant sec
retary, C. E. Gallagher: executive com
mittee, \V T H. Parish. F. Jepson, H. L.
Hinman and B. H. Logan.
JAPAN TAUGHT LESSON
BY FINANCIAL TROUBLE
Secretary of legation at Washing
ton Says That Depression Is
Only Transient.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— Midori Ko
matz, secretary of the Japanese legation
at Washington, In an interview to-day
with an Associated Press reporter, made
an interesting statement on the financial
situation In Japan. He said:
"I do not deny that our financial situa
tion to-day is anything but satisfactory.
It is true that the Government has de
ferred all such undertakings as would in
volve new loans. It is. tiue that a few
local banks have been compelled to sus
pend payment and stringency is prevailing
in the money market. But the foundation
for the financial arrangement is too firmly
established to be affected by any tran
sient depression any more than the bot
tom of a river is apt to be shaken by the
feeble waves caused by a passing wind.
"There is no danger, in my opinion, that
the present situation will result In any
"serious crisis. On ¦ the' contrary, it will
produoe, I am aulte confident, a benefi
cial effect upon the national progress by
affording the people a lesson that no good
times should be abused by luxury, or. ex
travagance In any form." >i
FEARS OF A GENERAL RISING.
Nankin Viceroy Asks That Troops Be
Held, in Readiness.
LONDON, May 3.— "The reports of a
secret combination of disaffected elements
In the Yangtse province for the purpose
of. organizing* general risings are receiv
ing some confirmation," says. the Shang
hai correspondent of the Morning Post.
"The British Consul at Nankin telegraphs
to Mr. Brennan, the British Consul in
Shanghai, that the Nankin • Viceroy . is
very anxious about the Yangtse move
ment and he asked Mr. Brennan to assist
the Taotai to preserve order by holding
troops .in readiness. . * ' .-¦'..
m "It is announced from a German source
that the French have withdrawn their
troops from Hwailu to Paoting-fu,» thus
leaving the Germans in sole possession of
all the passes into Shansi.'V
Dr. Morrison, wiring to the Times fr.om
Peking i Wednesday, says: "The indem
nity committee favors a loan raised . on
the guarantee of all the powers. Its pro
posal to increase the maritime customs
to 5 per cent ad valorem applies to import
duties only and not export. All the Min
isters of: the powers, except. the British,
American and Japanese, favor an imme
diate increase to 10 per cent. The report,
which is based on somewhat imperfectly
understood data, has been referred to the
home, governments."
Columbia College Strong Men.
CAMBRIDGE, , Mass.; May .2.— The first
fifty. Harvard men in the. strength contest
competitions -have been .chosen.- -.They
made 54.089 points or 1182 less, than Colum
bia ; the figures givtn out last night : by
Dr. Savage of Columbia for her fifty, men
being 65.27L51 points, breaking all previous
records. ' .¦' , * '¦'"«.
SEA CAPTAIN ATTACKED
BY TWO OF HIS CREW
John Downey and John Erickson
Plead. Guilty to a Charge of
Battery.
The ship Dowan Hill arrived In port
Wednesday from England and tnat msrnt
two of the sailors — John Downey and
John Erickson — met Captain George Fux
ley on Market street, opposite the Phe
lan building. They had a grievance
against the skipper and at once attacked
him. He ran and the two sailors cha«cd
him and kept up a running fight till Po
liceman Beach appeared on the rcene and
arrested Downey and Erickson on a
charge of battery. ¦"--.-• "V"
The sailors appeared before Judge Slo
gan yesterday morning and the explana
tion they gave was that the captain, dur
ing the voyage, emptied a Darrelful of
rainwater because they had taken the
barrel .without first asking his permission.
Another grievance was that the captiin
had refused to allow an extra supply of
sugar for a sick sailor. They pleaded
guilty and when Downey was asked if he
wanted to cross-examine the captain he
replied contemptuously: "No: he ain't fit
to talk to." They will be sentenced this
morning.
FIRES AT BURGLARS
. • SURPRISED IN . STORE
East Oakland Grocer Shoots at
Thieves but His Aim Was Not
. Good Erfough.
OAKLAND, May .2.— Burglars were the
tarpet for a. couple of shots from A. Sar
ment's -pistol this morning:- at 2' o'clock,
whenhe surprised the intruders trying to
break into' his grocery store at 808 East
Fcurleenth street. The prowlers escaped
without being hit, the grocer being too
badly excited to make his aim deliberate.
Sarment was working at the rear of his
store when he heard a suspicious sound
at the front door. The grocer; yelled
"Who's there!" and then, grabbing his
revolver, rushed out after the burglars,
firing as he ran. Before Sarment got to
the door the thieves were running: at top
speeed toward East Oakland. He sent a
shot after the rapidly <iisappearing forms
and returned to double bar his doors
against further intrusion.
SOME OF THE LITTLE ONES WHO
,WILL BE AT THE MAYDAY
FETE.
COMPANY MT7ST PAY FOR
ERECTION OF NEW LIGHTS
Inspector Tupper Inserts Clause ca
Subject in New Specifi
cations.
Light and "Water Inspector Tupper yes
terday submitted plans and specifications
to the Supervisors' Committee on Artifi
cial Lights for the lighting of streets and
public buildings during the next fiscal
year. The specifications differ In one es
sential point from those in force durlns
tho present fiscal year, which do not deft
nltely provide that the company receiving
the contract must erect new lights when
ordered by the Board of Public Works.
As a consequence considerable trouble
¦vvs experienced with the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company when lights
were deemed necessary in the outlying
districts. The clause on the subject reads
as follows:
All arc lights necessary to be erected at such
Locations as may be determined by the Board
of Public Works shall be furnished by success
ful bidder when required during the first three
months of the contract (that is, previously to
October 1. 1901) at their own expense, and
the city shall pay lor their maintenance only. ¦
but if ordered erected after October 1, 1901,
then the city shall pay the actual cost of labor
involved in erecting 1 such lights, but in no
case shall more lights be maintained than can
be paid for out of the street lighting fund.
INVITE EBELL SOCIETY
TO HELP, RAISE FUNDS
Committeemen on High. School Deficit
Solicit Co-operation of the
Club "Women.
OAKLAND, May 2.— Mrs. Kate Bulke
ley, president' of the Ebell Society, has
been invited to secure the assistance of
that organization; to > raise funds . toward
meeting the high school deficit.
The committee has appointed the fol
lowing additional canvassers:
Bakers— Hugh Hamilton.
Barbers— H. Menses.
Bicycles— E. J. Thiebault. •
Beer, soda bottlers and brewers— Hansen &
Kaehler. . ' - '
Carriages and harness — Winchester & Howe.
Candies and confectionary— E. Lehnhardt.
Dentists— Dr. O. S. Dean.
Express companles-S. W. Chubbock.
Florists— n. M. Sanborn.
Furniture, carpets and wall paper — E. C.
Lyon and James Breck.
Hotels— R. M. Briare. ¦
Jewelers and opticians— Italo Beretta. ¦. .
Piano dealers— F. R. Glrard.. • _
Planlng-miUs-C. L. Ingler and J. F. Towle.
Undertakers— Albert Brown.
be some event about every hour. The en
tire proceeds of the ticket sales and the
few tea and candy booths and the donkey
rides will j?o to the Central Free Kinder
garten and the Old Ladles' Home, this
annual fete furnishing one of the largest
Items of income for these charities.
Features of the Programme.
The Maypole dance will be more elabor
ate this year than ever. Four dozen lit
tle tots carefully drilled in the intricate
movements will weave the gay streamers
in motley design about the staff planted
In the tennis court.
Then a chorus of university boys will
sing some of their rollicking glees. A
A new feature will be • the sunflower
dance in costume. ; From each animated
blossom will nod and smile a childish face,
the draperies, big green sunflower leaves,
waving In time to the music as the "sun
flowers" thread the mazy movements of
the ballet.
Moore.
Tea and lilac cottage— Mra. J. N. Knowles,
Mrs. Prentlas Selby.
Cake committee— Miss Jessie Campbell, Mrs.
James Treadwell.
Sandwich committee— Mrs. E. C. Williams.
Mrs. E, G. Matthews, Mrs. Spencer Brown,
Mrs. G. C. Edwards, Mrs. Henry Wadsworth,
Mr*.' J. B. Richardson, Mrs. Edward M. Walsh.
Lemonade booth— Mrs. A. Llllencrantz Mrs.
Lloyd rtawllngrs, Mrs. Thomas Crellln. Miss
Edith LHiencrantz.
Soda fountain— Mrs. William H. Taylor, Mrs.
Peter E. Bowles, Mrs. Harry East Miller.
In charge of the ponies and donkeys— Miss
Miner; Mrs. W. D. Gelette, Mrs. A. M. .Simp
son, Mrs. W. E. Hale.
Ice cream booth— Mrs. J. T. Wright, Mrs
William E. Meek. Mrs. W. S. Goodfellow, Miss
Van Dyke. Mrs. -Warren Olney Jr., Mrs T. G
Coogan. Mrs. William Letts Oliver.
Candy booth — Miss de Fremery, Miss Sue de
Fremery, Miss Alice Knowles, -Miss Ruth
Knowles, Mrs. Egbert Stone.
Variety table— Mrs. H. F. Gordon, Mrs. Al
len Babcock, Miss Cornelia 8tratton, Miss
Anita Thomson.
Watch tow«r— MiA Ethel Moore. • ' . ..
Floral booth — Mrs. Charles Minor Goodall,
Mrs. R. G. Brown, Mrs. Lillian Everts, Miss
Florlnne Brown.
At the upper irate there will also be Frank
Havens, Mr. Bell and W. F. Kelley.
STUDENT CANDIDATES
¦ . FOR DOCTOR'S DEGREES
Two Young Men of Exceptional
' Promise to Be Examined by
Faculty Committees.
BERKELEY, May 2.-R. T. Crawford
and F. E. Ross, two graduate students at
the University, of California, are candi
dates this term for the degree of doctor of
philosophy. Their examinations will be
held next Friday afternoon in room 1 of
the philosophy building.
Ross will be examined at 2 o'clock by a
committee composed of the following
named: Professor Irving Stringham,
Professor A. O. Leuschner, Professor
Frederick Slate. Dr. E. J. Wilczynski, Di
rector W. W. Campbell and Professor M.
W. Haskell. At 4 o'clock Crawford will
be 'questioned by the following named
committee: Professor A. O. Leuschner,
Director W. W. Campbell, Professor Irv
ing Stringham, Astronomer It. H. Tucker,
Professor Frederick Slate and Professor
Both examinnt jns will be. oral and pub
lic. The candidates have written theses
about which they will be questioned to
test the adequacy of their preparation for
the highest degree the university can con
fer.
Ross entered the State University from
the San Rafael High School in 1891 re
ceiving his bachelor of science degree in
1896. He has been fellow in mathematics
at California, fellow in astronomy at
Mount Hamilton and assistant professor
in mathematics at the University of Ne
vada. For the past three years he has
been taking graduate work here.
Crawford received his B.. S. degree from
California in 1897, having entered the uni
versity from the Lowell High School. ¦ He
was assistant in the students', observatory
and later; fellow in astronomy at Mount
Hamilton. Like Ross, he has published
several scientific papers. -•¦ , ,
Both young men are of exceptional bril
liancy and promise.
OAKLAND. May 2.-On Saturday
afternoon, from 1 o'clock until 7,
society will do homage to tho
children at Arbor Villa, the beau
tiful hillside home of Mr. and
Mrs. F. M. Smith In East Oakland. The
children wijl be there, but so will society,
for MrB. Smith's May fete is for the
adults as well as for. the little ones. It is
the great event where the big people
amuse the little people and the little peo
ple amuse their elders, and where every
body contributes to the pleasure of every
body else. It is right that It should be so,
for they all contribute to two charities,
one, for. the .young and one for the old—
the Central' Free Kindergarten and the
Old Ladies' Home.
This has become an annual festival for
Oakland, and society has come to watch
for It es one of the few outdoor events
on its calendar. And no place in Oakland
could be more appropriate for it than
Arbor Villa.
A Delightful Spot
With acres of ground in the most per
fect condition, filled with the most de
lightful spots where booths for refresh
ments can be hidden away, where May
pole dances can be held and the tots can
amuse their elders and themselves, where
the little ones can enjoy donkey rides and
the big: ones can enjoy the wonderful gar
dens. Arbor Villa is the place in all Oak
land for such a fete.
And for five years Mrs. F. M. Smith has
turned her grounds over to old and young
for this fete. It has grown each year in
importance and events for amusement un
til the present year, when a most elab
orate programme has been prepared for
the occasion. -
A few suggestions have been offered for
the benefit of those who attend. Carriages
should drive up Seventh avenue to the
trate at the head of that street. Those
v.ho go by car can transfer from any
etreet car line in Oakland to the Fifth
avenue line in East Oakland and from
there to the Eighth-avenue branch, and
v.ill be taken directly to the Eighth-ave
nue gate of Mrs. Smith's grounds. The
hours will be from 1 o'clock in the after
noon until 7 in ihe evening, and there will
Friends of Lelong say that he has not
been qulte_himself for some months. 4 He
was well liked In -Sacramento durins his
official residence of several years and was
one of the most enthusiastic cf local
sportsmen. He was' in, close touch with
the ¦ horticultural interests of the State
and was regarded as a flr3t-class author
ity on the subject of fruit pests and their
remedies. . .
At 2:15 o'clock this morning, at the re
quest of members of the Elk3, Coroner
McMullen opened the letter found on the
body of Lelong. It was freshly written
in ink upon a letterhead of the State
Board of Horticulture, dated May 2, 1901,
and appeared from the freshness 'Qf the
ink to have been written to-night, prob
ably after Lelong left his house and a
few minutes before his body, was found
in the park of the Capitol, In which build-
Ing his office- is located. The letter read
as follows:
"To the Elks and. Knights of Pythias
of Sacramento: If you are charitable take
care of my body and help my wife and
child a little. I commit this rather than
bring further disgrace upon my wife and
child. I am net responsible, but others
are. (Signed) B. M. LELONG."
HOMEOPATHIC SOCIETY
ELECTS j ITS OFFICERS
Dr. Boericke of This City Named as
President at Session on Catalina
' Island.
AVALON, Catalina Island, May 2.— The
California . State Homeopathic Medical
Society held its opening session at the
Metropole yesterday afternoon and elected
the following officers for the coming year:
President, William Boericke, M. D., of
San Francisco; first vice president. Dr.
E. C. Manning of Los Angeles; second
vice president, Dr. Pliny R. Wr-.cs of Sac
ramento; secretary, Dr. Eleanor F. Mar
tin of San Francisco.
The same board of censors as last year
was chosen with one exception. Dr. Guy
•C. Manning of Los Angeles was voted to
take the place of W. J. Hawkes, M. D.,
of Los Angeles. The members of the
board are: Pliny R. Watts, M. D.. Sacra
mento; Francis B. Kellogg', M. D., Los
Angeles: W. E. Waddell, M. D., Los An
geles; Henry ; L. Stambach. M. -D.. Santa
Barbara. Board of directors— J. M. Sel
fridge, M. D.. Oakland; William Boorlcke,
M. D.. San Francisco; Charles Lewis Tis
dale. M. D.. Alameda; A. C. Peterson, M.
D., San Francisco; Sidney Worth, M. D.,
San Francisco.
According to the specifications of the new
law creating a board of medical examiners,
two members were elected by this so
ciety, as follow3:'X>r. Charles L. Tisdale of
Alameda and Dr. E. C. Buell of Los An
geles. Dr. Guy C. Manning of San Fran
cisco was chosen alternate.
TROUBLE IN JAMAICAN
LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL
Colonial Secretary Chamberlain Re-
quests Withdrawal of Four Extra
Government Members.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, May 2.— A special
dispatch to the Daily Telegraph from
London says that the Colonial Secretary,
Joseph Chamberlain, has decided to re
quest the Jamaican deputation to with
draw four of the extra Government mem
bers of the Legislature. Great disappoint
ment is felt here al.this announcement
and it is expected that the elected mem
bers of the Legislative Council will again
withdraw from that body unless the Gov
ernor of- Jamaica, Sir Augustus Bemlng,
exercises his discretion in ordering certain
Government members of the Legislature
to absent themselves except upon special
occasions. ; ;. ¦ «
Philippine Bevenues Nearly Doubled.
WASHINGTON, ,May 2.— The customs
revenues In the Philippine Islands for the
month of January, 1001. as compared witl;
the same month of 1899 and 1900, were as
follows: January. 1901. $708,685; January,
1S99. $321,581; January, 1900, $390,277..
Death of Mother Ascension.
CHICAGO, May 2.— Mother Ascension,
the/last of the early pioneers at Notre
Dame, Ind., is dead at St. Mary's'Acad
emy. r ' ' ¦ • •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May ,2.— '.'Five Years of
My Life— 1894 to! 1899,'V the English trans
lation of £aptaln Dreyfus' autobiographic
history of the famous affair with" which
his name is forever linked, is published
to-day in" England a.nd America, simul
taneously with . the appearance of the
original In France. ,
Captain Dreyfus describes from first
to last the inner workings of the great
event with which he was associated. Ev-'
ery incident is set forth in detail.
The story of his degradation acquires
new. and vivid interest when told by the
sufferer himself. This took . place on
January 5, 1895.' • The following are ex
tracts from his diary:
"I suffered agonizingly, but held my
self erect with all. my strength. To-sus
tain me I called upon the memory of my
wife and children. As soon as sentence
had been read, I cried aloud, addressing
myself to the troops: 'Soldiers, they are
degrading an innocent '. man ! Soldiers,
they are dishonoring an 'innocent man!
Vive la France, vive l'Armee!'
- "A sergeant ' of • the republican guard
came up to me.- He tore of* rapidly but
tons, trousers stripes, signs of . my rank
from cap and sleeves and then broke my
sword across his knee. I saw all these
material emblems of my honor fall at my
feet. Then, my whole being racked by
fearful paroxysm, but with body erect
and head high, I shouted again and
again, 'I am innocent.' »
"The -parade continued. I was com
pelled to make the whole round of the
square. I heard the howls of the deluded
mob., I felt the thrill which I knew must
be running through those people, since
they believed that before them was a
convicted traitor to France, and I strug
gled to transmit to their hearts another
thrill— belief in my innocence."
"How I can' feel between every line
the grief and frightful agony of those
I dear ones. Letters arrived . here at the
i end of March and must certainly have
1 been sent back to ' France. So if takes
more than three months for mail to reach
me. I reproach myself for having written
distressing letters to my wife when I first
arrived here. I should have known how to
bear my^ cross alone- rather than to inflict
a share of ray sufferings upon those who
have cruel burdens of their own.
"I learned of a long series of misdeeds
and disgraceful crimes constituting the
Indictment against my innocence. I was
told of the heroism and tho great efforts
of noble men, the unflinching struggle
undertaken by that handful of men of
lofty character, opposing their own cour
age and honesty to the cabals of false
hood and iniquity. I had never doubted
that justice would be done. My Illusions
with regard to some of my former chiefs
were gradually dissipated and my soul
was filled with anguish. I was seized
with an overpowering pity and sorrow for
that army of France, which I loved.
Special Dispatch- to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, May 3.— B. M. Le
long, secretary of the State Board
of Horticulture, committed suicide
at 12:30 o'clock this morning In
¦y Capitol Park. When found he was
drawing his last breath, and - expired
without uttering a word.
Officer John Campbell and Dr.' Powell,, a
local dentist, were walking up N street at
the hour mentioned, when they, heard a.
pistol shot. Campbell remarked that the
shot was not on his beat and he supposed
it amounted to nothing, but the two men
started off in the direction whence it
came. ; They were joined by Detective
John Fitzgerald, who was on his way
home. -
The three men walked along the path
in Capitol Park to approximately Twelfth
and N streets, when they came across the
body of Lelong- lying on the stone pave-;
ment In the glare of an electric light. A
revolver was clenched in his right hand
and a bullet hole which had torn through
the roof of his mouth told the story of
suicide.'
Coroner McMullen was Immediately sent
for, the gasping of the prostrate man for
breath and the terrible wound which re-
vealed Itself to the gaze of the officers
showing that death was at hand. Lelong
expired a few seconds after the discovery
by the officers. - :
Detective Fitzgerald hurried to the res
idence of Mrs. Lelong at Fifteenth and.N
streets and informed her of the deed. She
was overcome by the sad intelligence and
could give, no explanation why: her hus
band should -be led to such an act. She
said that he arrived home late to-night
and lay on the bed for a while without
removing his clothes. He then got up
and left the house, presumably for his
office in the Capitol to transact some busi
ness which he had neglected.
Mrs. Lelong said that her husband had
appeared despondent for. several weeks
and complained of not being able to sleep.'
The weapon Lelong used to take his life
was a 38-caliber Smith & Wesson..
Lelong was a prominent member of the
Order of Elks and a sealed letter ad
dressed to the president of the local lodge
was found on his person. Coroner Mc-
Mullen was unwilling to open this to
night, desiring that the president of the
lodge, Dr. W. J. Taylor, should have that
privilege.
PLAN THAT IS INTENDED
TO PT{T AN END TO STRIKES
National Civic Federation Back of a
Movement of Great Signifi
cance. "
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2.— President
Mitchell of the United Mine Workers Is
on his way to New York 'to attend a
meeting of an especially appointed com
mittee of the National Civic Federation
to devise means of promoting t%ade agree
ments between employers and their em
ployes. There are fourteen members of
the committee, but a sub-committee con
sisting of Mr. Mitchell, Herman . Justl,
commissioner of the Coal Operators' As
sociation of Illinois, and Vice President
E. D. Kenna of the Atchlson, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railroad, will meet on Monday
to draw up an agreement to submit at a
meeting that will be held on Tuesday.
• This movement, which' was proposed
some time ago. Is entirely new, and Mr,
Mitchell says that it is of great signifi
cance. The National Civic Federation,
which is a representative body, hopes to
bring It to a successful issue, although it
is realized that it is a difficult proposition.
The object Is to perfect some agreement
between labor and capital that will pre
vent strikes and lockouts, which are so
costly to both. It has been suggested that
In all branches of labor the employers and
their employes enter into a yearly con
tract by signing a scale, as the miners,
tinplate, glas3workers and other trades
do now.
Mr. Mitchell is of the opinion that If
this plan were followed It will ¦ mean- a
closer organization of both labor and cap
ital and that there would be fewer strikes
and less trouble in settling differences. On
the way to New York Mr. Mitchell will
visit the anthracite fields in Pennsylva
nia.
Describes the • Sufferings He
Underwent During His
• Degradation. .
Autobiographic History
of His. Career Goes
to Print.
DREYFUS STORY
OF MARTYRDOM
ASK FOR HELP
IN CIRCULARS
Appeals for Money to
. Keep Schools Open
Are Mada
Ten Dollars for Each Pupil
'Attending Will Be
Necessary.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. May 2.
The active canvass for money to be used
for paying the salaries of the teachers
of the high schools of Oakland has be
gun. Two sets cf circulars were issued
to-day setting forth the condition of the
school funds and asking for subscriptions.
One circular was Issued by School Super
intendent McClymonds and sent to the
parents of the scholars, stating that $10
a head contributed by each scholar would
keep the schools open, but that the parents
could contribute more or less or noting: at
all. as they felt able. The other circular
was by the general committee and was
addressed to the people of Oakland gen
erally, asking contributions without re
gard to amount.
The school circular Is the most impor
tant and the essential portion reads:
In order to pay the salaries of the teachers
for the remainder of the term a little more
than $10,000 is needed. There are. In : th«
various schools affected by this deficiency,
about 1100 pupils. This gives an average of
about $10 per pupil. It will be difficult for some
of the parents to pay this amount, while others
can and will pay more. The Board of Edu
cation therefore solicits from you such a con
tribution as you feel that you can contribute,
to the end that the schools may remain open
until the close of the year. The - funds are
entirely exhausted and this is the last resort
of the Board of Education to maintain the
schools and afford the pupils the educational
opportunities that are their due. No published
list of these pledges is to be made. Each pat
ron 13 to feel at liberty to contribute tha
amount th.it In h!s judgment hta circumstances
will permit and the Importance of the causa
demands. - .- ;
Accompanying each circular Is a pledgr»
slip, which is to be returned by the pupils
on Friday, the pledges to be collected
May 22.
The general circular sets forth *he facts
of the deficit and the classes affected and
then passes the cause of the deficit ur> to
the last Council, ending with an appeal
for funds," to be sent to Fred L. Button.
969 Broadway. Oakland. Portions of tht»
circular read as follows:
These classes were all organized and teach
ers elected in June, 19C0. as required by law.
and an estimate of the cost for the year end-
Ins June 30, 19C1. was submitted to the City
Council In September last, and as the said
Council refused to allow sufficient money in
the tax levy of 1900-1901 for their support for
the entire year, and unless $10,000 can be had
from some source all said classes must be dis
missed and the 1100 pupils in those classes
must be sent to their homes.
While it will be a disgrace to our beautiful
city of Oakland to be compelled to .close tho
doors of our schoolhouses for want of $10,000,
Just when we are to receive a visit from our
honored President, it will be a great wrong
and Injury to the -pupils of these classes, who,
after spending: months and years in study,
preparing themselves either for business in the
central school, or for the normal or the uni
versity In the high school, that they cannot
now finish their .course and must 'be turned out
of school a few weeks before the day of gradu
ation.
Such a result would be especially unfortunate
to those pupils who are eo nearly prepared
to enter the university that six weeks would
give them entry there without the examina
tions which will be required If their course of
study is not completed in tho hish school.
HORTICULTURE BOARD
SECRETARY A SUICIDE
Pistol Ball Ends Life of B; M. Lelong, a
Prominent State Official, at an Early
Morning Hour in a Park at Sacramento
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIPAY, MAY 3, 190 T;
ADULTS AND CHILDREN ENJOY
MRS. F. M. SMITH'S MAYDAY FETE
Society Women and Children Will Gather < on the Beautiful Grounds
Saturday Afternoon to Amuse ; and Be Amused, All in the
Name of Sweet Charity— An Elaborate' Programme Arranged
11THE SAN "FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; MAY 3, 1901.
12
SAX FHAJf CISCO CA1X. .
nuEIKESS OFFICE of The San 3?Vanci«eo
Call, ecraer of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year..;
BItANCH OFFICES-e:7 Montgomery etreet.
correr Clay; open until 9:80 p. tn.
jy) Hayes etreet; open until 8:80 p. m.
C33 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
€35. Litrkln 6treet; open until 9:S0 p. m.
!Ml Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
t?£I Market etreet, corner- Sixteenth; open_
vntil 9 p. m.
3^ Eleventh street; open until 1p.m.
3096 Valencia street: open untl 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky streets; open until 9 p.'m. »
MEETIXG XOTICES..
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ft
M.— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING eX _/*_
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master Ma- jC2T
sons cordially Invited. By order of the '^-'
W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec
£>V FRANCISCO Tent No. IS, K.
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) /BsSSf&L ¦
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer KgO\|«
FT. ANDREWS Society— Annual v
family picnic at Fairfax Park on -A QJJ
PATT'RDAY. May 4. 1901. St. An- ""LjXj^
drew' s Society of Oakland will *-C^~»
rsrticipate. Take Sausalito ferry leaving at
fiSE and 9:30 a. m. and 13:15 p. m. Tickets—
6« cents and 26 cent*— at the wharf. '•,:.,,
ALI_\N POLLOK. President.
GEO. ST. JOHN BREMKER, Secretary.
INTERNATIONAL Union of Steam Engineers
will meet TO-NIGHT In Welcome Hall. Odd
Fellows' building. All members are request-
>d to attend. W. T. BONNEY.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meetr
Ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Fugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market et., San
Francisco. CaL. on TUESDAY, the 14th day
of May. 1SFL. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing .a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction cf such other buslnecs as may
cotne before the meeting. Transfer books
ttJII close on Friday. May !. 1901, at 8 o'clock
p. tn. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. |
AGENTS WAJCTED.
TV ANTED— A local ag»nt In each township to
fell our up-to-date publications ; good re-
muneration for first-class people. Address
6TEPHENSON. box 114. Sacramento. Cal.
AGENT, lady or gent; good hustler; $3 day.
Box SCO. Call.
A KKVV more a cents —ranted at 347 Third >t.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ADOPTION. !
• GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-
Mes. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 ?th. Alameda.
ATTORNEYS AT EJ.W.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney. at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery Bt., S. F.
ADVICE free; no charpes unless successful. W.
TT. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— Children to board; near school. 1412
Sherman et.. Alameda.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board. '439 Minna st.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or t children to
hnar<i: yard: bert nf care. 1607 California St.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
J12C0— STEAM laundry; long established and do-
ing large and very profitable business. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
SS50— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work; daily receipts $10 to $12; rent $42 50. I
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. SO Kearny st.
$30— OIL route, horse, wagon and 300 patent
cans: this is an oil proposition that <pays.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny et.
S1800— GROCERY, fruit and produce store do-
ing a business of $45 per day; full value in
sight. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
FAKE business propositions not listed by
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.
t65(>— GROCERY and delicacy store doing fine
business: established trade; large profits; a
cood chance to increase the business. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
fSOC — CANDY store and ice cream parlors, pay-
Ing over $100 per month profit: fixtures alone
coBt more than price asked; this Is a genu-
ine bargain and it will pay to investigate.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. SO Kearny st.
J30CQ— FURNITURE store in best business town
on r"oast; .established 17 years: eacriflced In
firder to close estate: expense of investigation
paid by us If not found as represented.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny St.
WE have two shoe stores for sale at nearly in- j
voice price; call and «t particulars; it will I
ray you. HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny et.
WHOLE or half interest in well-stocked payinjr
drug store on Market st. : rent only $63; good
lf-asc; cwner leaving city on account of slck-
ne« : a bona fide bargain. HORN, SOLOMON
A CO.. SO Kearny et.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale. $1400,
or owner will sell half Interest to -ood busi-
ness man for SSOO: will puarantee $1SO to $300 ',
T*t month. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny et.
WHOLESALE liquor etore: established 11 years:
doing a business of $40,000 per year; books
open to inspection to reliable parties; terms
If desired: a rare bargain. HORN. SOLO- ;
MO.V & CO.. so Kearny st.
I'(C-CE.VERAL merchandise store for sale at
11 *srrifice: telephone exchange reduces rent
tn $32. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busl- :
r«-*s call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO 30
Kearny ft ; tel. Main 3604.
A A A— IOC CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars.
T.ca candy and Ice cream stores, BOO restau-
rants. 900 stores of all kinds : partners wanted
Parties with $300 up can be suited. If you ;
-¦»"t to buy a business call and see us
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st. ,
r<"'U private sale— Some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO. S3S '.
Market «=t.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res- '
tnursnts, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
<*-jg stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 7J9 Mkt.
A FIXE reFtaurant; city front; J1I00. JOSEPH :
BAILIE. 759 Market Et.
JC>-PELICACY. fruit, poultry and fish store:
r-ljofnlng town: well established and well J
flocked: rent SIS. JOSEPH BAILIE. 739 Mtk.
SS n -SALOON: rare chance for the right man
t« acquire a cood paying business: guarantee
PW per month clear of all expenses: cheap
1 '"nt: 9 furnished rooms; no better location '
In the city. Business 33oard Trade. 326 Pine. :
PARTNER wanted— Produce commission busi-
r»>*« receiving consignments of butter, eggs
rheepe and other produce: $250 required. DON-
XKLLY CO.. 622 Market gt.
.JK-f— FRUIT store in good location at nacriflre- j
y* 1 established: good paying. McLAUGH-
T.ITs A CO.. 777U Market Ft.
A- fl5W: PICKLE factory and vinegar route:
fstabllshed many years and clearing above
nr.iper month: horse, wagon and stock will •
invoice the Price. Owner going east: no :
ngent. Call 732 Union et., bet. 9 and 1.
BFFESEE6S pro;x>sition; grocery and saloon •
'In.rg fine business in central location: al!H> :
.iat of 0 rooms over grocery store; rent reaj«-
«-riR>ile; call and see owner. E. CLEMEN*- '
|«EX.-ilS» Adeline. Lorin. Cal. '- l^ Jttt ' is «
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; com"- '
p:ete; will seat SO: downtown location: cloiwd "
0- account of Fickness. Call 9 Drumm st
between 9 a. m. and 3 p. m. :
3-M r>RIET & decorator*; 3 living rms.; good
ftxnA: c?irar>: o«-n»r has Important engage- :
•r.ent «-3sewhere. Char. Willmott. 916 Market. ?
FOR sale— Well established corset agency rare
r.pnort unity for energetic business woman- ]
bargain: »rood reason selling. Box SOSS. Call.
RKSTA1JRANT for Mile cheap account of de- '
• Kirture; li\-ing rms. complete. VA 2d st.
I ««rt Fale— Good naying liquor route. 2370
M.irket Ft., from 8 to 9 a. m.
SALOON — South siae of Market Bt.*; clears $laO •
to ?5<*) a month. Box 3029. Call office.
JiALF r>f deep store; rent $6. 1211 Valencia st.
r.f-ar Twenty-third.
¦J< 1 l.ET — Small barber shop In town of Rich-
T->-nd: no rent. Call on or write to D W
rrCTHICAN. East Yard. Richmond, Contra
«'OFta County. Cal.
TVTLL equipped French hand laundry: ex-
rVjsive cash ' patrons: without competition;
toed profit: poor hea'th cause of sale. Ad-
rrcss box JS25. Call office. . "
j;«O— PARTNER .wanted: saloon. 640 Commer-
cial »t.. second door from Kearny; rent $20.
GOLDEN GATE . ave.. 622— Sunny bay-window
ruites of 3 rooms, nicely fur.: gas;. bath.
t-HOE shop, with or without-, tools. 427'A j
F' urth st. ¦ "
FT: «*•¦ — Carpenter Fhop, with tools and stock,
at low price. Call after 6 p.' m.. at 4<3 Third.
FOR pale—Good saloon: rhoap; proprietor goe* I
te, Germany. Box 273S, Call office
e A SPECIAL TO-DAY ONLY. "
1 ' New Railroad Work
For Cal. & N. W. R. R. Co.... Ukiah
20 teamsters i $2 day
30 all-around railroad men.... .....$3 day
50 laborers for reconstruction and ballasting
track, ship to-night $175
.""...... :... Office fee Jl 00
Free fare ....Offlce fee $1 00
.............Special for to-day only
-- HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, summer resort, see party here. J100;
bread -and cake baker, country hotel. |60;
hotel butcher, $75; broiler, $15 a week, no
Sunday work; baker, springs, $50; second
cooks, fryers and broilers, $S0, $65. and $75;
dishwasher and kitchen hands, $25 and $30:
waiters, hotels and . restaurants, city and
country, $23 to $35; confectioners' assistant,
country hotel, $25 and free fare: porter for
club, $30; second porter, hotel, $20.
Baker, second cook, 2 dishwashers, extra
work, country hotel, fare paid both wmys,
good -wages ;
Frank Cramer, second cook, please call
All-round blacksmith for summer hotel, $40
and found, see party here; 6 blacksmiths and
helpers, $3. $2 50, $2 25 and $1 25 a day: car-
riage painter, $30: farmers. $25 and $26;
milkers, $30; coachman and wife, laundress,
private family, country. $45; 2 section hands,
$160 a day
• •» RAILROAD WORK
For the big tunnel Chatsworth Park
Headers, $2 50; cornermen. $2 50; drillers.
muckers, i2'.y'.yy.y.yy.o\italdo'\&boTer'a,''i\'ii
10 colored men as muckers $2 a day
No discount pay in cash
Free fare see boss here ship to-night
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary »t
BOSS BARBERS— To your interest to be at
meeting next Sun., 3 p. m., 102 O'Farrell St.;
business of great importance. S. HELLER,
Sec. Boss Barbers' Protective Assn. Union
price lists can be obtained at 11 Sixth, free.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
3?"re« employment; only recognized union. 927
Market St.. room 207. I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35: citi-
zen* of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can apeak, read and
write English. Recruits specially desired for
service in Philippines. For information apply
to Recruiting; Officer, 121 New Montgomery
St., San Francisco. Cal. •/;.;¦
WANTED— Recruits for th» marina corp«. U.
S. Navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
. character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 EUU st.. San Francisco.
BOYS, girls, men and women wanted to handle
a good seller for McKinley's visit; big money.
Call to-day and Saturday after 8:30 a. m. at 6
Eddy at., room 52.
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion; 127 Mason st., restaurant help of all
kinds; male and female; register at once;
permanent positions; good pay.
EXPERIENCED young man as assistant tn
merchant tailor store. HARSHAJUL'S. 12
Kearny st. . .
WANTED— Man to do general work on a small
farm; wages" $20. Address P. O. box 1S4, San
Rafael, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED man. singie, to do porter work
In saloon: must be neat. Apply at 760 How-
ard st. after 8 a.m.
WANTED— Steady man satisfied with $15 to
5J™. p * r week : "sht work; must have $125.
READ & CO.. 1007H Market it.
GOOD Catholic home for boy going to school
or learning trade; room for parent; terms
reasonable. 641 Harrison.
BARBER shop, lively country town, for sale;
TOO-fl06'EIlS th , 1 , APPly DECKL *MAN
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 623
Clay st. .
G ™?*tuZ%Z a lr Saturd »r. *° d Sunday; $5.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
581 Geary st.
BARBER wanted at 841 Telegraph ave.,
Oakland.
WANTED— A flrst-class clothing salesman at
.RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— Cash lxiys at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— Cash boys over 14 years of age. An-
-ply at HALE BROS.. 979 Market st.
WANTED— Dishwasher, $30. Old Louvre, Phe-
lan building.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1522 Kentucky st. •
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailors wanted: high
wages; steady. P. VERDIER, 984 Geary st.
BUSHELMAN wanted immediately. GOLDEN
- EAGLE CLOTHING CO., 104 Kearny st.
COATMAKER wanted, to make military
coats; also 2 bushelmen. 2304 Greenwich.
BEDMAKER. Apply 930 Howard St. after 10
a. m. . . '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
STRONG boy to drive horse and wagon; ex-
perienced only; wages $7. Box 3(HS0. Call.
WANTED— First cook. 26 Turk St.; Park Ho-
tel; union man.
1 WOODTURNER, non-union: no offlce fees.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 10 Kearny.
WANTED— 2 hotel waiters at Golden West
Hotel. 63 Ellis st.
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop. 793
Geary st.
COATMAKER wanted to work In store. 3058
Twenty-fourth et.
WANTED— Cook at 139 Sixth st. -
BLACKSMITH for awning work. 1133 Mis-
sion st.
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $30 a
month. Apply at 209 Kearny St.. room 1.
BOOTBLACK wanted; barber shop. 1427 Oc-
tavia, near Post street.
TRUNKMAKER wanted. B. L. FIFIELD &
CO.. 65 Stevenson st. . '
BOOTBLACK wanted. Ill Ellis st.
"WANTED— A day cashier. 29 Stoclcton st.
WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 920 Howard st.
BAREERS— Fixtures of a two-chair shop for
- sale; a bargain. Cor. 2Sth and Church ats.
BARBER shop for rent; chairs and tools for
sale. 2830 Twenty-fourth st. /.
BARBERS— 2 chairs; 15c shop; clgar-^ stand.
Box 3027. Call offlce. >
PERMANENT position (either sex), splendid
opportunity for good wages, selling photo-
graph guarantee certificates for responsible
. gallery doing flrst-class work; fine sample
portfolio outfit furnished: investigate to-day
at Rembrandt Studio, 850 Market st.,' corner
Stockton, bet. S and 11 a. m. Inexperienced
solicitors are making $15 and $25 per week. '
MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no oc shop In connec-
, tion with our college; chairs and furniture are
all made to our own order, with a ! view to
cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
' Beware of any cheap imitations. .
WANTED— Flrst-class carriage, blacksmith and
a flrst-class carriage" gear and body maker;
- steady employment to right party and ' flrst-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO., Sacramento, Cal..
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
• runs Denver ¦ House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. -
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post, G
A. R., room 40, Phelan bldg., 806 Market st.
YOUNG man in a grocery; must bring flrst-
class recommendation. 800 Fulton st.
WANTED— Butcher boy. 2539 Market st, cor-
ner Sixteenth.
CASHIER for a solid business: pays $250 mo. •
must have $1000. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market!
WANTED— A first-class lunch cook downtown
Box 2030. Call offlce.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO attvT"
Examiner bldg.. Third and Market, room 316!
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country
Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
200 (MEN to buy suits made to order $l~ner
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st.
WANTED— Two good city, salesmen. WHlTf
-SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Pon'gt.
GET your shoes half-soled while wnitimr-
to 50c 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d "Ts.
WANTED-500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
M £ DO ?W D '!' PE , RRT have EOO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
. order. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny st.
T 2 U £f° x , ni 1 n t( i do J^a'tor work for his tuition.
8. ;F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
W , INC 5£ STER Hou »e.' 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— < 00 rooms. 23c night; reading-rooms; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. '
S. PrTetephone, MAIN S603 • • V Oakland Tsleobone BLACK'3132
714 3rd Street, OAKLAND. CAL
May" .l\~ 1901.
Business Manager
San Francisco Call! < ~ w,
Dear' Sir— I have been a constant ad-
vertiser in the columns of your paper
for several years, and^ while I have al-
ways had very satisfactory returns from
my advertising, it is .a matter of per-
sonal satisfaction to state that the re-
sults in the past eight .months have far
exceeded those of any. period of our busi-
ness . dealings, and are second to none
received from any San Francisco daily
that I have' used. ,
EMPLOYSIBJfT OFFICES.
ITAXL\N^iabor Supply Co., 24 Montgomery
ave., tel. John 14S1, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co., best help: send men. at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. : tel. Bush 135. -
A. BALDASSI & CO., 206 Montgomery ave.—
French. American and Italian help supplied.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-
~ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 61S8.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help.426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 413H O'Farrell st : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by competent Scotch
' 'woman; cooking or housework; private fam-
. lly. 1231 Market Bt. - _•
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants position to help
at housework. Mrs. Al. Lynch. 1133 Howard.
STENOGRAPHER, i thoroughly competent,
wants permanent position. Box 2230 Call.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day
washing, ironing or housework; private. Ap-
ply 316 Linden ave., near Gough.
SWEDISH girl wleshes to do general house-
work. Write or call 349 Alvarado St., near
Castro.
LADY would like work by the day; plain sew-
lng or chamber work. Address box 4094, Call.
JAPANESE girl who Is willing to work wants
poaition of any klnd^ W. OTA, 321 Powell st.
WINCHESTER Hous«; 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st. ' ¦ ;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
CIVIL engineer wishes to do work at home;
. understands all lines of engineering and arch-
itecture: reasonable prices; quick work. Ad-
dress 1033 Union st.
YOUNG man wishes position as engineer; can
run small dynamo; best of references. .Box
3057. Call office.
NURSE with good hospital references; also 3
surgical physicians' references; salary $40 a
.month. Address. 156 Perry St.; tel. Reed 612.
YOUNG' man wants work in city; can handle
tools and do -general outside or inside work;
live at home. Box 30C3. Call.
BAKER— Two- flrst-class bakers wa.nt steady
positions; city or country. 6 Howard st.
YOUNG man, 25 years old, wishes position as
clerk in wholesale . house. Box 3059, Call.
EXPERIENCED man and wife wish situations
to do general housework. C. P., 317 Third.
GOOD middle-aged union hotel waiter desires
steady position. Address H. KIEHL, New
Atlantic Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
BARKEEPER, first class, steady and sober,
want3 a permanent position; city or country.
Box 3054. Call office. ¦ .
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
» bartender in country; best of references. Ad-
dress G. M., 1104 Larkin st.
POSITION wanted by . young man aged 25;
good habits, single, good penman, business
training; can furnish references and bond;
•.will go outside city if necessary: must have
work. Address. R., 424 Fredereick st.
WANTED— A position as ! gardener on private
place or residence; many years' experience;
I steady and sober man. Please address or call
1303 Stockton st. "
WITH good references, I want a place as cook
' in boarding-house or Institution In this city.
Address YEE LING. 20 Prospect place, city.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
FINANCIAL.
4(!0~SHARES capital stock Smiths' Cash. Store,
a corporation; guaranteed dividend 10 per
' cent.- For full particulars write BARCLAY J.
..SMITH, 27 Market Bt.; best investment on
sale. ¦ ¦ ¦ __^
PLATS TO LET. ,
$^2^^RO^M^jp^er~^at™
No. 715 Castro et;. near Twentieth.- '
$15— 4-room flat on Twenty-third •
and Castro sts. '
$20— 6-room flat; 3627 Nineteenth
St., near " Guerrero. » . ' :
NINE- rooms and bath; new;: sunny corner;
rent $55. NE.vCor. Page st. and Central ave.
UPPER sunny , flat, 3 rooms, ', kitchen, bath.
Inquire 1945 Geary St.. "¦ ' ' -.- ¦ ,.
A MODERN flat: 6 sunny rooms, bath, store-
room. 29 Elgin Park, near Market st. ,
MODERN top flat 5 clean rooms; warm belt.
' 881 Capp st.,' near Twenty-fourth. . ..
BOWIE ave., 5. oft Eleventh— Flat of 3 rooms;
cheap rent to small family.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-^-The Weekly. Call.
• 36 najren. In wrapper, for mailing:. $1 per year.
¦:''; . FURNITURE FOR -, SALE.
ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
" .range. Kfng Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE for sale' cheap on account : of
. removal.,. 2201 Webster st. ¦ . , : - -i
COMPLETELY- furnished 4-room flat; hot and
cold water; rent $10: • $120. '425 Dolores st.
4-ROOMED sunny new flat; new furniture; line
\ oak set; sell cheap. 431 McAllister st. .
- .FURNITURE AV ANTED.
TO receive highest 1 \'alue for 'furniture, carpets,
t etc., see .W.E.Cody, 767 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
ASSORTMENTS- of furniture, carpets and
. stoves;' give us a trial. ( 1114 Mission St.. ,
BEFORE* disposing - of' your / furniture see
. Golden : Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
ART goods and fine furniture bought . Indiana
¦;•¦ Auction Co.,' 117 Sutter.st.; tel. James 141.;v
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
J sells your; bus., merchandise, fur., carpets., veto.
IF you want to sell furn., .mdse., etc.. see J.A,
¦ Munro & Co., '240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT. '713 Mission st, pays highest
\*prlce for second-hand furniture; telrRed 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305^Larkin; itel.Polk 694;
'furniture &;furn'd' muses, bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY, buys your furniture/carpets*
pianos, etc. .1135 Market st:; tel." Jessie 76L
- -^- HORSSS AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
• «7 Sixth st. ; auction sales every "Wednesday.
SULLJV -*-N & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
y FOR sale— An elegant pair of cobs, mares; also
latest style trap, almost new. for 2 persons;
£ harness, etc. Apply JOHN NOLAN & SON3.
5 1611 .California gt.
0 ¦* H IGH-GRADE rubber tire road wagon and
narness; handsome 6-year-old mare; complete
J"tfl' In perfect condition: price $CCO. Box
3043, Call.
™ S -» F - VETERINARY Coiieire will commence its
? If »e<5slon June 10. Catalogue by applying to
' M. L. Pancoa-it. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
: ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
* etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
* G £°if? business horses, wagon horw»s. heavy.
fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
1 AN A No. 1 express wagon, sinsle. al*o light
\ camping wagon, for sale ch-ap. 532 Misaion.
HOUSES TO LET.
J A-PRINTED LIsfTtoll^to^T^emrf^lT^
- cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
• PERRY. 206. near Fourth— House of 4 room*;
rent $7 50; water free. Apply O. H. UMBSEN.
14 Montgomery »t.
; $45-S ROOMS and large finished "basement and
r large yard. 1635 Bush st.. near Franklin.
i HOUSES WANTED.
1 WANTED— A 20-rocm house, furnished or iin-
: furnished; must be reasonable. Box 3^64. Call.
¦ INSTANTANEOUS WATER IIEATE3RU
HOT bath any minute for 2Vjc: will flow bollln*
water in SO seconds: saves fire In range; call
and see It in operation: send for Illustrated
pamphlet. RIBBON WATER HEATING CO..
Examiner bulletin— , room 607.
LOST AND FOUND.
-w» C- ¦ ,..,..,_
$40 REWARD— Lost, diamond sunburst pin.
Finder will receive, above reward on return-
ing same to W. L. B. MILLS, room 804. 3»
, Market st.
LOST— Lady'a pearl pin with diamond in cen-
ter. Finder will receive liberal reward by
returning to Hotel Granada, corner 8utt«
and Hyde sta.
LOST — Sunday evening on Mission »t.. betwe«_
Tenth and Twelfth, lady'a silk umbrella.
1096 Valencia st.; reward. ¦ '
LOST— White dress, on Harrison St.. bet. 8rxth
and Ninth. Finder "please return to 1310 B
Harrison st. "'
LOST— 3 cows, on# white and one black and
white. J. aSHEA. Seventeenth and Ver-
mont sts.; reward. . ¦
YORKSHIRE do«— Female; reward $3 if re-
turned to E. DOWNES. 811 Howard «t.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, la th«
name of KATIE E. DOON. No. 201-1229. Th«
finder will please return to bank. '
LOST— Between Harrison and Bryant, a bunch
of keys. Please leave at 443 Third st. -
FOUND— A lemon and white pointer dor about
1 year old. W. P. COWARD, U. S. Mint.
"Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolt«.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAIi.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladle*
send 10c for list. MRS HERTZ. 708 Ellla at-
MATTRESSES AND UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and pillows: teL South 792:
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned: expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
A — RENOWNED specialist; tfcoa* •who deslra to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only:
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the moat obstlnat*
cases are immediately relieved without pain:
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. PR. G. "W. O'DON>TEXL, 1018 Markt.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to givs
instant relief for all female complaints: th<»
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved 'without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, U3
Market St.. next to Owl Drug Store.
A — Dr. V. Popper, the well-lcnown female spe-
cialist, cures all female complaints in one
day; the longest and most obstinate cases
relieved without pain; every woman her own
. physician: can be sent; experience in all
cases for 37 years. 12 Mason st.. near Market.
DR. AND MRS. DAVTES. 1223 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a Tellable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market St., nr.
6th— Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience: treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS DR WYETH. reliable specialist; 28 yrs.*
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
M31S. DR. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable 1*-
deis' specialist: best medicaJ care; low fee*.
mN!NG~AND~ASSAYI3<£
. ..-..-¦- — -.------.,.
GOLD mine, for sale: 10 stamps; paying: pric*
-$4500: half down, ternia for balance. Address
box 273. Grass Val3ey. Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
« ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 33 complete outfits oa
one floor ready made; we can ship everything
in S4 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021, 102J
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sel3s or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiiers. water pipes, shafting, pulley «.
etc. WHITELAW. 2lS Spear st.
A LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for $330:
cost originally $1000. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave. . ' .
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.:
will exchange for gas engines. UV1XGS-
TON. 558 Mission st.
A— $3 SO DERBT and Fedora' hats, $1 75.' Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine,
FINE suits," $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bought;
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE.
61S Mission st.
HOMERS— Prime stock for sale. 241 Ettle St..
Oakland; Berkeley train; B-st. station.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
turea. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A FIRST-CLASS square piano for $30. UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH M1TO. Cc».
GAS. steam, oil and mining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston. 558 Mission St.. nr. 2d.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new A 2d-haffi:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery at.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. TH35
"WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market at.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS."
DESK room wanted In exchange for advertis-
ing. Address box 2231. Call. Oakland.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 252J.
MONEY TO LOAN, .v
A^MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furrlture. pianos,- #.tc. ; di»
not borrow of your friends or you will los«
their friendship: do business with ' strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. LoanS on estates In probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages. etc. :
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates. legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room IS. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
Ii>y: Bet my terms before doing business els»-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2* Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stor». 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission: conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bids.. 301 Jonr«.
Al-MONEY loaned. CHASE. «6 Market ft
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. " ; .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.,. .Phone Grant 185
2 more extra waitresses,' $1 50 a day and free
fare both ways; extra pantry, woman, $150, a
day and free fare both ways... 1 ..
. Man & wife, waiter & waitress, country... $45
• Chambermaid to wait, - Gilroy, * fare here.. '..$20
Waitresses, Woodland, Colusa, Benicia,
¦ fare paid $20
2 waitresses, .. summer resort $20
vValtress and chambermaid to wait, resort.$20
¦ 10 .waitresses, city $20
10 waitresses, restaurants $10 wk.
3 dinner waitresses ...:.' ...'.......
Scrubber, flrst-class hotel, sleep home $20
vVoman. day work, hospital $1 25 day
Fancy ironers :.. $10 wk.
";• ..FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Hotisegirl. Geyserville. fare paid.... $17 50
Housegirl, Petaluma. fare paid .$15
Housegirl and second girl, same place $55
- Cook and second girl $45
A German chambermaid for lst-class resort. $20
Too many orders for houseglrls, cooks, second
girls, nursegirls to itemize.
C. R. -HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Cook, small hotel, $35; cook, small
American family, Berkeley, $30; second girl
In same house, $20; 7 cooks, small wash,
German style, city. $30; 2 cooks. Menlo
Park, $30, $35; 1 waitress. Benicta. $25. fare
paid; 5 ¦ waitresses, short distance . country,
fare paid, $20, $25; 8 second girls, city and
country, $20, $25; nurse, 1 child, city, refer-
ence, $25; 2 laundresses, private families,
city, $25, -$30; 20 waitresses for restaurants,
$8. $9 1 week ; 50 girls for general housework,
city and country. Apply J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO........ Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT X....
6 waitresses, city. ' $20; 10 waitresses, flrst-
• class country hotels. $20 and $23; 3 extra wait-
resses, $1 50, free fare both ways ; 4 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids. $15.
.'.. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Flrst-class help of all nationalities for city
and country; very best wages. MRS. M. .E.
DAY & CO., 335 Geary st. '
WANTED— Twenty-five young girls residing at
home to learn overall making; paid while
learning. Standard Shirt Factory, Goush
and Grove sts., city. 1
CUTTER; experienced; good, steady employ-
ment. GANTNER & MATTEKN, - Golden
Gate Mills, 1017 Hyde st.
"WANTED— A competent nurse to take care of
• two children, 4 and 1VS years; city references
required: wages $25. 1318 Van Nesa ave.
WANTED— A good girl to, do housework and
help 'With children; wages $20. W. T., box
3061, Call 'office. "
WANTED— Flrst-class hands to work on alter-
atlons. Apply at IS. MESSAGER. 145 Post.
A GIRL for general housework. 661 Howard
street.
WANTED— Experienced skirt and Jacket hands.
ROTHBERG. 410 Ellis st
GIRL to assist with housework. 1347 Masonic
- avenue.
WANTED— Apprentice to learn hairdressing
and manicuring. 240 Stockton st.' .
WANTED— A girl to fold paper. Inquire 1139
Market st.
WOMAN to wash napkins and wait at table.
612 Kearny si
GIRL for general housework; understands plain
. cooking. 1803 Broadway.
A GIRL for errands and some housework. Ap-
ply 692 McAllister st. _.
PANTS finisher wanted at 253Vi Stevenson, bet.
Third and Fourth.
COMPETENT cook, $25. Apply Maudsley Sani-
tarlum. 2111 Pine Et., at 10 a. m. only.
ELDERLY woman to do light housework;
.wages $10. 2905 Pine st. . .
WANTED — A sewing machine operator for
awning and tent work. 1139 Mission st.
GOOD reliable girl to assist Jn general house-
work. Apply at 418 Brannan st.
WANTED — Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladles' waists.' EAGLESON
CO., 635 Market st.
WANTED— Capable woman for housework and
care of 2 children afternoons. Apply 1800 Mc-
Allister Bt.
YOUNG girl to ¦ assist In care of . 2 children
over 4, $10. 2217 Octavia, cor. Jackson.
GIRL to assist in dining-room; $15 and found.
301 Twenty-second st., Potrero Hotel.
GIRL to work in small restaurant: no expe-
rience necessary.. 1727 Market st. '
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
cooking; call before noon. 219 Hayes st.
GOOD hands on vests, from $8 to $12; also an
apprentice. 641% Stevenson st.
SHIRT and. overall operators; Inexperienced;
paid while learning. HEYNEMANN & CO.,
410 Mission st. ¦
BUTTONHOLE maker, finishers and appren-
tices on custom coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.," 641 Market st. ttttta « - . -
'OPERATOR on panta; must be flrst-class;
steady work: high wages. BELASCO-HAR-
RIS CO., 541 Market St.
WANTED — Good dressmaker and apprentice.
764 : Howard st.
TAILORESS on custom coats; also experienced
1 apprentices. 272 Stevenson st, bet, 3d and 4th.
ASSISTANT . stenographer; good speed on
Smith Premier; salary $20; hours 8 to 6.
Address box 4095, Call office.
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on custom
coats. 461 Jessie st.
FIRST-CLASS ¦ skirtmaker wanted; • high
wages. P. VERDIER, 984 Geary st. - rtv.
WANTED— Front hands on neglige shirts;
steady work; good prices. LOWENBERG &
CO., 27 Jessie st., fifth floor.
WANTED— 2 buttonhole makers on. coats;
wages $12 per week. 135% Natoma st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
" Valencia st.
HELP WASTED- — MALE.
A^M7jR^AY^^^A^Y^?r^Phol^Mlliris«
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY!
FREE FARE •. FREE FARE
WE SHIP TO-DAY
25 laborers for S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work,
no experience required, to work In section,
steel, ballasting and other gangs on the Los
Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions .'.
WAGES, $1 75 and $2 day FREE FARE
¦ 10 laborers and teamsters for "Ukiah, free fare
Carpenters .... Carpenters. ...Mechanical Help
6 carpenters, San Mateo Co.. $3 and $3 50 day
2 carpenters, mining: company.. $75 and found
• Blacksmith, Nevada,' $3 day: 4 blacksmiths,
country shops and camps, $75, $50, $40 and
found; 6 blacksmith's helpers; 3 -carriage
painters, ?50 and found....
Ranch blacksmith, fare $130.... $40 and found
Sawmills Woods- Yards
10 laborers, no experience • required, to work
In mills, yards and woods, $26 and found up,
fare paid; 3 tree fellers, $40 and found: 2
crosscut sawyers," $35 and found; 10 men handy
with an ax, Sonoma County, $26 to $35 and fd
Miners Drillers Laborers
2 miners, single hand ......$75
2 more machine miners, fare paid, $75 and
•' found; 6 -single hand miners, $42 and found;
6 quarry drillers, $60; 5 drillers, city, $42 and
found ; 10 '. laborers, city. $34 and found; 3
laborers, city factory, $150 to $2 day...........
....MISCELLANEOUS
Stableman and drive delivery wagon; coun-
try merchandise store,' $45; 4 stablemen, host-
lers and buggy washers: bookkeeper and sten-
ographer, lumber company ;
3 deckhands for steamer........ -..$35 and found
: ....;..."....... MARRIED HELP ...............
;'. Man and wife to take charge of small store,
country, no objection to one or two children,
see boss here; 4 farmers and wives, $50 and
¦ $40; waiter and wife: milker and wife, north,
$50 and found ; . . .
* FARMS ....... ORCHARDS DAIRIES
10 ranch teamsters,- $26 and $30 and found;
U haymakers and run mowing machines; 5
farmers; 6 orchard hands; 15 choreboys •- 12
choremen, $30, $25, $20 arid found; 15 milkers,
$37 50, $35, $30 a,nd found; 3 milkers and but-
. ter- makers .....":... .'..."...........
Butchers .Bakers .Hotel Help
30 cooks, city and country, hotels and restau-
rants; 25 waiters, city and country, $40, $35
$30 and $25; 4 porters; 16 kitchen hands and
dishwashers;- cake baker, country, $17 50 week-
baker, country hotel, $45; baker, country shop;
.bakers' ¦ helpers; slaughter-house butcher
ranch. $30 and found. MURRAY & READY,
2 MILK wagon drivers, $40 and board; 8 milkers '
for country. $30 and $35; 2 milkers for city, (
$35: farmer for Santa Barbara County $30*
teamsters $1 day and board ; laborers $1 75 i
and $2 day; 4 miners, $2 50 day; car men for
mine, $1 50 day and board and $2 day .
farmer and wife. $50; 2 men for . vineyard ]
work, $1 day and board, and others. J F
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. " ¦•" -
¦ ¦ — — _ -———_________ (
BAKER for country shop, $12 week and found:
S baker for Hubbard portable oven. $40 and •
found ; boy to learn baker's ' trade, $10 and 2
-• found and Increase ;; boy • for house work $19
and found; . cooks, waiters, dishwashers and :
others. J.F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacra- }
. mento st." .
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 3d; phone John 3131 {
• 10 railroad men, ¦ $1 75 . to $2 per day ;
free fare..!. ..'... ..free fare."... ../.....free fare
¦ We ship railroadmen for the S. P. to-day
•fi mill and woodsmen, free fare, ship to-day .
.4 men - to * make ties, redwood, lie.:.....' j
4 men , to ' make posts. $3 per hundred....:...
4 men to make, pickets.' $6 per thousand: .
4 men-to cut wood, pine, $1 25 per cord'. j
\ 10 laborers, \ $1 75 to $2 50 per day...*.....;
lumber pliers and yard men, $35 to $45 per mo
% 4 milkers, $30 ¦ per ' month "3
A MAN and wife, , cook and '¦¦ gardener, for -
private place, $50. see party here. -fares paid; "t
bell boy, city.' MRS..M. E..DAY & CO., 335
'.Geary, st. ,. - . .
A— HOTEL ' GAZETTE, ¦ 2R Montgomery, r. ¦ 12— ~J
.; Assistant v gardener, springs. $20. Sam Gar-
¦rett, report »t office. ... ¦
CLAIRVOYANTS Contlnneil.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
- . palmist and reader of human destiny, never
falls: readings, 50c. f Hayes st.. nr. Market.
MME. WORELL. trance medium: readings
dailv. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; clr. Wed. ev'g at 8.
19. Hickory ave.. off Van Ness, nr. Market st.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy: palmist: card
reader: 25c up: leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. MELVILL.. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken; tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. SCHAFFER. ' clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 44S^ Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c. 132 Sixth st. |
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 rac-os. tn wrnnper. for mailing. $1 rer year.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIN"G'S. Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. S53-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
I RUDOLPH & CO.. Carpet-beating Works: prices
I reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2331.
! SANITARY cleaning and "dyeing company. -342-
I 344 McAllister st.: phone South 146.
i CITY Steam Carpet-Beatinsr Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. 'Carpet-Beating- and Reno-
| vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st.; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126. ¦
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, . Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. •
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 210. S27 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcTsO9 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty;* gold crowns,
53 50 up; plates," extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 1& p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
•and fillings; extractions or fillings by my-
wonderful secret, pa'jless method; ,20 years'
experience; no studef.ts; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'FarreU et.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 year*; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
EOc: plates, $5: full bet; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1U3 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, EOc; gas given.
f EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
- tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold, crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
j Full set of teeth, $4; crowns,- $3: fillings, '• 25c.
j CURRY, "Dentist"; a!I work guaranteed. 214
McAllister 6t. ; phone- Mint 276. - ¦
DR. R.-L. WALSH.SIS*^ Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
- less extraction 50c;platee $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. II. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amtner building; formerly in Murphy bldg...
LOWEST prices In S. V. Painless extraction.
EOc. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
' VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. • DR. H. O.
'YOUNG, 1341 Folk st. . ' ; '
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16. page3, sent to any address in 1 the
United States; or Canada one year for SI.
nnKssjHKEns and seamstresses
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns . cut. '. 1019 Market st. ¦
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, o^er O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
&ATCLA^HE^3SXR!sirc^Ue^eTTparr^tr^Wg^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
' shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS. COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S/ F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, ¦ typing, " lan-
: guages. telegraphy, English 'branches, civil,
electrical and. mining engineering,- etc. ; day
' & night sessions; new 80-page ' catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50: individual
instruction; positions secured: catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
¦'¦ school : for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, "President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. ' Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
¦ tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
. tlons to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.,sur-
"vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve,; est. 1884. Van
. der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course , of Ellis ' bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only .$60. San Fran-
; rlsco .Business College.' 3236 Market ct.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short 1
time. , TARR, exp. j acct., - 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand ami
typing/removed to .new. quarters, .rms. 40-45,
.Parrott bldg. : . Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A' few pupils in . all branches In
, oil painting by very competent lady ; teacher;
HOC ¦ Box 'E. .Call office. ¦ . ¦ • .;"
PROF. MERKI. . from Paris. * violin, =¦ mandolin,
guitar: experienced. . : 1008 Mission > st. _ r - ; .
ARITHMETIC." bookkeeping.* grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. ; 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. :
SPANISH! lessons given- by 'a native Spanish
.. teacher. ,513 McAlllBter^st. ,,.--/. -
A' WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,"
18 pates,' in wrapper/ for mailing.' SI per year. >
BUSINESS CHANCES- — Continued.
. $750— SALOON; rent $50; location. Pine and
Montgomery ste.; business clearing above $150
1 per month. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26*j
Kearny ct .".' ¦ r \ . " ;
• A— $1000: SALOON with 9 room*, eurrounded by
factories, warehouses and lumber yards; large
transient trade; rent $40. Call R. G. WILKE.
26H Kearny tt. " "' ¦ " ' ' .
A— K0O0; GROCERY store (without" bar) doing
a. large and profitable cash -business; choicest
«. location in city. • Particulars R. G. WILKE,
' t6\j Kearny st. '
A— $2000: BOARDING and livery stable. West-
ern Addition: net rsnt $4S; clearing above $150
per month; large patronage; stock of bug-
gies. • horses and harnest first 'class. Call R.
• G. WILKE. 26% Kearny sC • •
A— $1350: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny st.; rent $75; clearing $1SO per month;
daily receipts about $60. Call R. G. WltKE,
r 26',4 Kearny St. . -
S A— $2000; HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining
•hall, etc; rent $75: place established many
years; doing a steady, good-paying business;
rare chance for party speaking French and
German. R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
} A— $4000; SALOON on Market St.; place estab-
' I llshed many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $135; sickness in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2614 Kearny st. -
I $300 — PARTNER in dyeing, cleaning: good man;
experience not necessary. 1421 Point Lobos av.
t FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store. ¦ 591
Fourth st. ; no agents. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmora.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 1096
• Valencia st.
' LOD6I5G-HOU8E8 FOR SALS. .
} SELECT A HOUSE FROM , ALL. . ... '. . ". ','. '. .... '. '.
' THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
I 6-room flat on Haight :.. $650
' 100 rooms; clears $400 ;....... ..-7000
tl roomii clears $200 2000
[ 16 rooms; on Powell *...... 6S0
; 26 rooms; on Kearny 1600
H-rootn boarding-house '.. 14sO
! 21 rooms; offer wanted .' 900
10 rooms; rent $27 50 150
, 22 rooms; rent" $47."."..'.;.. v:. ..-.:;.";.'.".;...".. 450
36 rooms; corner; line for transient 1080
10 rooms; on Eddy St., near Market 500
18 rooms; on Third st., near Market 650
1 14 rooms; on Mission st E&O
40 rooms: rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200 2000
27 rooms; just finished; very fine 2600
¦ . 20 rooms: on Geary st.: clears $135 2400
8-room flat: sunny side — ....: 700
5CC other houses*. 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FRKE. PHONE MINT 7?6.
H. .C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.. opp. 5th.
1 A. CAMERON & CO.. "
, • . •• . 550 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush S2S.
If you nave hotel, rooming-house or bu&iness
to sell list with us. We have cash customers.
! for all sizes and prices.
J 63 rooms: downtown; modern apartment
house; clears $300 per month: flrst-class
Invesmont • — '. i34'O
34 rooms: rent 1130: elegantly furnished;
! paying fcctiae: good perm; and trans £65-)
15 rooms; choice resident part city: ele-
gantly furnished; upright piano; modem;
tt cash; reduced to msr
26 rooms; cor.; rent $100: apartment house.. 1650
8 rooms; modem flat; Geary 4S)
10 rooms; rent $50: good and clean. S50
18 rooms; all new; oak fur.: full ].i00
14 rooms; rent 50; good furniture 5H10
¦ 11 rooms; rent $40; piano; sewing machine, sr.0
16 rooms; rent $o0; hardwood furniture lOOil
12 rooms; cor.; boarding-house :S0
MARION GRIFFIN..... By Call Building
719 Market st. : money to loan. Tel. Black 1S03.
10 rooms: rent $S3; clears $33 each month. $-S23
11 rooms; nice fur.:. fine carpets; 6 rooms
rented for $80; 4 blks. N. of Market st.; ¦
terms M cash. M in mthly installments. S50
40 rooms: clean; best furnished- in city:
Income $393 monthly: strictly respectable 43<1O
100 rooms: modern; offices: clears $350 650!>
17 rooms; clearing $70; Installments: bargain.
24 rooms: electric light in every room.... 1000
21 rooms: a first-class transient house.... 1600
16 rooms; housekeeping: rent $50; full 1C00
27 rooms; clears $150: rich and elegant.... 2600
10 rooms; N. Mkt.: sunny side; $100, bnl.
monthly payments; rent $40; income $80 450
36 rooirs; central: corner; a money coiner 3SC0
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN.
9 roomF: elegantly furnished; cheap rent., f 300
! 15 rooms: very desirable: large yard -175 I
25 rooms; Van Ness ave.: something extra 3V0
r>4 rooms: sunny cor.; worth double 2500 j
76 rooms; fine location: big money-maker 5000 j
1C2 rooms; biggest money-maker in city.. 5750 1
148 rooms; particulars given bus. people. 23, 000 i
Hundreds to choose from ,. $100 to $100,000 j
Also boarding-houses and' country hotels.
Eee cur specail bargain list before buying. !
"WALTER HAYES &. CO.. 838 Market St. j
FISHER & CO.. 333 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market: only $1600
29 rooms: Van Ness: finely furn.; only... 1200
22 rooms; rent $45; bid snap 430
20 rooms; Market: rent $."i0; apartment... 700
20 rooms; Eddy: part mortgage; make offer.
20 rooms: rent $50; It-cation desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price. .
ATTENTION BUYER?! ~
You may buy any rooming-house in
the city, and pay for it,
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT' CO.. 850 Market.
18 ROOMS: Mission st.; rent. $60;. price $723.
j 12 rooms; Mason st.; rent $45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard: rent $S0: price $1000. -
19. rooms on Grant ave.: rent $75; price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy: rer.t $5S; - price $650.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S Sixth st.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.
38 rooms; Powell $210n
42 rooms: Turk 3000
21 rooms; Third 275
38 rooms: Fifth; good piano included 10O0
Many others, north and south of Market st. !
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho- j
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Cal;
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2. No. 917 Market St., -opp. Mason.
25 ROOMS; rent $S0; receipts about $200 $850
10 rooms; rent $50; clears $35 per month.. 650
$300— Lodging-house. 14 I rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays good profit. HORN, :
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
16 ROOMS: transient: No. 1 furniture; central;
cheap $700. DONNELLY CO., . opp. - Palace
Hotel. 632 Market Et. , ;
A HOME. 6 rooms, finely furnished, including
piano, $225; rent $16. FISHER. 935 Market Bt.
34 ROOMS; south side; clears $100; SSOO. DON-
NELLY CO.. opp. -Palace Hotel. 632 Market. 3
$2ftoo FOR best 60-room house in .city: particu- ¦
lars at Interview. ' Box 302S. Call office. '
FOR Sale— The furniture of a. 7-room lodging- ¦
house; good location. 1315 Stockton st.\ .. 3
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly .
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the '.
United States or Car.ada one year for $1. "
SPIHITUALIS3I.
IS life a burden to you? Why are you so. '
Take time to find out why you are. so and
what your conditions and surroundings are.
Tests . this evening at 8 o'clock by C. E. '
Wheeler and every evening this week. 305
Larkln. cor. McAllister; elevator; admis. 25c. :
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium: life reader: exam-
ines ore: oil locations; medical clairvoyant; '•
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without ]
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Oough; Ellis-
et. car; sit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461. •
AFTER a severe illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
wcrld-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
all affairs In life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths; '
unites the separated; mining a specialty; clr- ,
I cles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eVe. : letters answered. '
I Resld. (no signs). C13 Eddy, bet., Hyde-Larkln.
' MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric <
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkln
St.: tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. jn.
MRS. HARLAND, medium, psychomltrist: test
circle to-night, 10c: readings dally. 14S Sixth. :
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance
8 p. m.; 50c. 3OS4 Bush St.. near Leaven worth. '
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's test circle to-night,
, 8; ,10c; messages, tests to all.- 1126 Howard. .
MME. MARQUISE— Business, test medium; '
Fpiritual healer; sittings daily. 1128 Howard.
MRS. GILLINQHAM will read sealed questions
and flowers. 8 p. m.. 10c. • 305 Larkln st. '
EARLE, 622 Geary St.. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally: seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C.j" :
Meyer: fittings dally; tests to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD, !. "" ~~ ]
.THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
. ly located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldgr.
She reads your life -correctly, gives an accur- 1
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the -
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un- j
happy or not satisfied in life, , or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome ;
them. Valuable advice in all affairs. of life; ]
25c up; perfect .satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance ;
medium, is permanently located at : 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave.; rooms 25 and ¦
2H: take elevator. • Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet with }
ppecial terms. Dally and Sunday. .
MME. VALEEN,. removed to 152714 Market st, j
palmist and life reader, . psychic and • mag-
netic healer; . cures ¦ diseases arid habits; -
teaches how - to influence ¦ people and be sue- f
cessf ul In love and financial affairs. ' .
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader, ;
test medium; 25c up. 1 472Stevenson st.,cor. 6th.William and Martha H. Lawson to Henry J.
Martin, all interest in lot on S line of San An
tonio avenue. 130 W of Paru street. W 5f> by 3
150 lot 7 and E 5 feet of lot 8. block J. Oak
Park. Alameda; $3CC0. .
Henry J. and Sylvia C. Martin to Anvin S.
Blake, all interest in same. Alameda: $6000.
George Middlemas to J. H. Breed, lot on W
line of Broadway. 83- S of Chester street, S 4J
by W 120:2, lot 8, block 3, Chester Tract. Ala
meda: J10C0.
C. H. F. Braurt to Clarissa Braun. lot on
NE corner of Railroad avenue ai>d Campbell
street, E 1C0. N 41:11. W 104:5. S 72 to begin
ning block 527, mao of Gibbons property at
Oakland Point. Oakland: gift.
George L. and Edith Wllcox to Eleanor Gold
frap. lot on "W line of Sherman or West street.
90-iV. 9 of Francisco. S 45 by W ISO. beinj th«»
S 45"feet of lot 1, block 4. map of Stat* Uni
versity Homestead Association No. 4, Bsrke
ley JMOO.
Auguste and Mandana M. Michel to Frank
Pereira lot on SK corner of Washinsrton and
Kighth 'streets. 8 50 by E 75 lots 7 and 8. block
76. Kellersberger'3 map. Oakland: H0.CC0.
Carl and Adele Orondona, to. Isabelle Lanar
f«rd (widow) lot on W line of Twelfth str««t.
S?87 N of Powell. 3* £0 by.W 100. lot 20. block
23. Beaudry and Peladeau property. Oakland;
|2 Swert Peterson (single) to O. <J» Rohan
Baronidia. all interest in lot on Wline of San
Pablo avenue. 150 S of Delaware .treat. S 100
by W 135 lots g and >, block 80. tract B.
-Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation. Berkeley; $1300. ¦¦:¦ • -.-•-
W H. and Florence A. Qulnn to game, an
interest in lot on w line of San Pablo avenu..
230 R of Delaware street. S a0 by W 13.-^ £t 10.
blbck 80. tract B. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; ¦ $500.
Alameda County.
James P. Treadwell to Fernando Nelson, lot
on NW corner of Eighteenth and Noe streets.
N 100. "W* 125, S 4,/VV 125, S 96, E 250; J1I.00O.
Joseph F. Nolan to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
A. F.' O'Connell to John Loughran, lot on' S
line of Twenty-second street, 75 E of York.
E 25 by S 100; $1000.
Eliza C. Herbert and estate of Joseph M.
Comerford (by Eliza C. Herbert, executrix) to
Thomas Pennin#fton. lot on 'W line of Fol
som street. 40 N of Twenty-fourth. N 105 by
W 122:8; $14,850.
Henry Goodkind, Martin S. Feehheimer and
Henry- Kronthal to John Parrott. lot on E line
of Sansome street. 138:5 S of Bush. S 41:10. B
79:4. N 20:9, E 18:8, N 20. W 1. N lrK W 97.
quitclaim deed; $3. ' *^*»
Antonio Lalolo to Antonio Chlchiiola. lot at
Intersection of NE line of Montgomery avenue
and E line of Dupont street. N 22.02. E U7:«.
S 137:6. W 21.30. NW 130:3; JSO.OCO.
William J. Cosgrove (by John D. Richards,
trustee) to David M. Richards, lot on S line
of Berry place. .97:6 E of Grant avenue, E 43
by S 60; grant. <•"-*;
David M. and Mary A. P. Richards to Gold
berg. Bowcn & Co. (a corporation), same;
$12,500. .
Estate of Rose E. Bosq (by Aloise Gless an-1
Pauline V. Pinez, executors) to James F.
Leahy, lot on N- line of Lewis strtet, 60 E of
Jones. E 27:8 by X 57:6; $5300.
¦ Dora Lelsen to Grace Gates, lot on E line of
Hyde street. 7:6 N of Lombard, E 68:9 by N
11; $1500. ¦
Real Estate and Development Company to
John Culllnan. lot on W line of Missouri
street: 150 S • of Eighteenth (Solano). S 23 by
W 100: grant.
Callaghan Estate Company to Louis A.
Murch, lot on W line of Eleventh avenue. 100
N of I street. N 25 by W 120; $1000.- '
Estate of Henry Seymour or Semor fby P.
Costamajrna. administrator) to Fred R. Drink
house lot on K line of Mission street. 31:3%
S of Frecita avenue, S 23 by E 83:6, Precita
Valley lands: $1620.
Simon Goberman to Olive Verkouteren. lot
on W line of Girard street, 125 N of Woolsey.
N 75 by W 12). block 19, University Mound;
IS*- • ___ : . - ¦
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Dr. William Sullivan is the attending
physician, and yesterday he assured tha
family that his patient was in no imme
diate danger.
Judge McKlnstry is at his home on Pa
cific avenue and his devoted wife and
daughter are constantly at his bedside.
Judge E. "W. McKinstry, who since Fri
day last has been confined to his bed with
an attack of heart failure, was considera
bly Improved last evening 1 .
Immediate Danger!
Attending Physician Assures the
Family That There Is No
JUDGE E. W. McKINSTRY
IS CONVAXESCINQ
died in this city April : 26, leaving an
estate of considerable value, was filed for
probate yesterday. Decedent provided
that from the income of her estate $1GO a
month shall be paid to her sister. Mary
McCue. and a like sum to her brother,
James McCabe. Upon their death the fol
j lowing legacies are to be paid:
To Eev. P. C. Yorke. $300; Mrs. Mary O'Don
j aghue, $500; Miss Mary O'Donaghue, $200; Rev.
I Phillip O'Ryan, $300; Rev. Father Lynch of St.
James' parish. $250; Rev. Father Augustine.
$3C0; Rev. Father Griffin. $200; Rev. Father
Tardella. S. J., $2C0; Hugh McHusrh. $750: Rev.
Father Woods. S. J.. $300; Rev. Father Corne
lius of Ukiah. $150: Rev. J. J. Dougherty of
New York, for St. Joseph's Union for Homeless
Boys, $250; Franciscan Fathers of Washington,
D. C. $250; Sisters of the Presentation Convent,
$250; Sisters of Charity of St. Vincent de Paul.
$250; Sisters of the Holy Family. $250; St. Jo
seph's Orphan Asylum and St. Vincent's Or
phan Asylum, $300 each; Rev. Father Prelato.
S. J.. $2C0; Rev. Father Prendergast, $200; Lit
tle Sisters of the Poor, $1000; to the heads ot the
Franciscan, Jesuit and Dominican orders in
San Francisco and Rev. P. C. Yorke, $250 each
for masses for. the repose of the souls of Mrs.
Wade and her relatives.
The residue of the estate is devised to
collateral heirs.
Will of the. Lats Annie Wade Filed
in the Superior Court for
Probate.
.The will of the late Annie Wade, who
PBOVIDES THAT ESTATE
SHALL GO TO THE CHTJECH
Father Myers Is 32 years of age and a
native of Xew York. He has been con
nected with the seminary since his arrival
on this coast a few years ago. While
completing his theological studies Father
Myers has been teaching the boys of the.
community. He enjoys the distinction of
being the first priest ordained at the new
seminary. . "
The Archbishop was assisted at the ser
vice by the Rev. A. J. B. Vuibert. presi-,
dent of the seminary: the Rev. J. W.
Brockhage and the Rev. Francis M. Har
vey. The other priests present were th«
Rev. J. aicGinty of Holy Cross, the Rev.
P. Crowley of the Touths' Directory, the
Rev. J. Guibert of Notre Dame des VI©
toires, the Rev. P. Collopy of St. Patrick's
Church, the Rev. J. Gallagher of Santa
Clara College and Rev. J. \V. Sullivan.
Rev. C. D. Hojrue. Rev. Rene Brule. S. S.,
and Rev. F. Kunkle of St. Patrick's Sem
inary.
The new priest now makes Ms vows of
faithfulness and devotion, after which all
the members of the audience receive
blessing at his hands.
The most sacred part of the ceremony
then followed. Each of the priests in turn
advanced and laid his hands on the can
didate, after which his hands were anoint
ed and bless.ed He was then given the
chalice containing wine and water. The
mass continues, but now the new priest
recites the sacred words with the Arch
bishop, a form of ceremonial which has
been handed down since the time of the
apostles.
The ceremony of ordination was most
solemn and Impressive. All the clergy
who were present advanced in procession
from the sanctuary to the altar rail. Th»
last of the line was the Archbishop, and
immediately preceding him wa3 the can
didate, bearing on his arm the vestments
which he would soon have the right to as
sume and carrying: in his .hand a lighted
taper. The Archbishop began the mass,
and at the end of the epistle turned to
the candidate and delivered the formal
address in Latin.
Charles F. Myers, formerly "professor of
mathematics at St. Patrick's Seminary.
Menlo Park, was ordained to the priest
hood by Archbishop RIordan in the sem
inary chapel yesterday. The chapel was
beautifully decorated" with white roses.
lilies and palms.
Impressive Ceremony Is Per
formed by Archbishop
-i] -Ridrdan.
Charles F. Myers Or
dained at St. Patrick's
Seminary. ,
DEDICATES LIFE
TO PRIESTHOOD
Mrs. M. Banner and Miss Hazel Banner
are at Howell Mountain for a visit.-
Mrs. J.. Jacoby and children of Hanover.
Kaus., are visiting Mr. and Mrs. J. Sam
uels at 17 Fulton- street. .•-;».
. Miss Eva B. Keane left for a trip to Los
Angeles,- where she -will be the guest of
her brother, Dr. Charles Keane, and his
wife. '.;¦;: - ' •' '
: Charles. Keilus, wife and daughter Rose
have gone East on a visit. .They left San
Francisco last Monday. . '¦•
.Mrs. B. Straus and Misses Teresa and
Emma Straus have given up their house
on Golden Gate avenue and have gone
south, where they intend spending . the
summer.'-;. -, ., 'i. ¦ • ,,'-.'. -
Julius Platshek will leave San Francisco
in a few days ; for New York. He sails
for Europe on " the Auguste Victoria on
May 23.
¦*• ; . ' . . .*.¦••'?>
i Mr. and Mrs. A. Comte Jr. will close
their city residence next- Saturday and
go to Rose Cottage, Woodslde, where they
will remain all summer, s
| Miss E. H. Ryan of this city, private
secretary of Judge Estee, -United States
District Judge of the Hawaiian Islands,
returned to Honolulu * on the Mariposa
after spending several weeks with her
mother and sisters.
* Mr. James . Irvin and Miss
Griffln, of Tomales, \ were : married on
Tuesday ''at the residence of the 'bride's
sister, "Mrs. J. B. O'Connor, at 12 Hill
street. The officiating, clergyman was
the Rev. Mr. ' Maekay of Tomales. Only
the immediate relatives of the bride's
family were present at the wedding. The
newly married couple left on an even
ing train <in a tour of Southern Califor
nia, and on .their return will reside in Xo
males. '>v '-'^v:
The Golden Gate Outing Club gave a
very successful ladles' night Saturday
evening. The entertainment was fol
lowed by a dance. Those In charge of
the affair were Thomas Maroney, Bd D.
Miles, William Growney, D. E. Hayden,
J. "A. Dunleavy, A. J. Sullivan, L*. T. Gue
det, James Foley, Al B. Hennessy. James
O'Brien, Charles Healey, \ F. J. Drlscoll,
D. Creedon, Ed Flaherty. J. J? Jordan.
The affair was a very successful one and
the club intends to- give another in the
near future. • • . -• -•• --¦¦•..'.*¦ ,\
A very enjoyable card party was given
by Miss Gertrude M. Col em an at her home
on Bush street on Wednesday evening.
Among those present were: Miss May
Ludlow, Miss Sadie Ludlow. Miss Coral
Gilbert, Miss Grace Cashln. Miss Nan Mc-
Donald, Miss Clara Schaefer. Miss Mae
Morris,- Miss Scott. Mr. and Mrs. J, Thom
son, Mr. and Mrs. John F. Barnett, M.
Vincent Politeo. •Samuel . O. Stanyan,
Henry Van Valkenburgh, Sanford G. Le
wald. Bob Haight.- Garner S. Stenhouse
and Dri Calvin Knowles. . ¦¦-
Mr. and Mrs. William Rae celebrated
their wooden wedding by entertaining a
large company of friends on Monday even
ing. April 22, at their residence. 931
Dolores street. The rooms were taste
fully decorated with wood shavings and
flowers. Games and dancing were enjoyed
during the evening. Mr. and Mrs. Rae
were the recipients of many wooden
souvenirs in honor of the happy occasion.
At 11 o'clock an elaborate repast was
served. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. William Rae and son, Mr. and Mrs.
William Glover and family, Mr. and Mrs.
Dave Donald. Mr. and Mrs. P. Riddel. Mr.
and Mrs. Fred Michel, Mr. and Mrs. C.
Jessen, the Misses Mullen, Miss Nellie
Swan, Miss Myrtle Falkenstein, Messrs.
William Sullivan. John King, William
Dauson, M. McLean. Wiiiiara Grant, A.
Ross, J. Swan. H. Waterman, A. Falken
stein, Master Charlie King, all of this city;
Mr. and Mrs. Tom McCarthy and family
of Oakland. C. D. Falkenstein of Moun
tain View, Santa Clara County.
Miss Elizabeth May Crowell and Lieu
tenant Edward WInsor Robinson of the
Twenty-third Infantry, U. S. A., were
married last evening at 9 o'clock at the
home of the bride's mother, Mrs. E. A.
Crowell, 1603 Larkin street. '
Dr. Bradford Leavitt of the First Uni
tarian Church was the officiating clergy
man. Miss Edith Young was maid of hon
or and Lieutenant Gordon Klmball was
best man.
'The bride, who is a stunning brunette,
lcoked extremely pretty in an ex
quisite gown of white panne crepe. The
skirt was made en train and the corsage
elaborately trimmed with exquisite lace
that had ornamented the bridal gown of
the bride's mother. Miss Young, the maid
of honor, wore a very pretty gown of
white Louisine silk.
The pretty Crowell home was artisti
cally decorated for the happy occasion.
In the drawing-room, where the ceremony
was performed, a bower draped with flags
and banked with branches of oak and
flowering hemlock was erected, and here
the happy couple stood during the impres
sive ceremony which made them husband
and wife.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Robinson will leave
to-day for a four weeks' bridal trip.
The home of Mrs. T. Meyers, 32 Fell
street, -was the scene of a : very -pretty
wedding Thursday evening, . -when her
brother, Frank Poulson, and Miss Net
tie Neideffer of Orland. Glenn County,
¦were married. The parlors ¦were beau
tifully decorated with pink and white
llllles.- The Rev. Edgar Lyon read the
beautiful Episcopal service, the couple
kneeling on velvet cushions under a can
opy of ¦ lilies. " Miss Grace Camobell of
Roseville and Miss M. Nell .acted as
bridesmaids, and Charles Johnson and
William Cohen officiated as ushers. The
bride was given away by her brother, Jl
F. Neideffer.
The bride was beautifully dressed in
an ashes of roses tailor-made gown, with
white trimming. She wore a beautiful
diamond sunburst, the gift of the
groom's mother. The bridal bouquet
was of La France- roses. The brides
maids were attired alike in light brown
tailor-made gowns, and carried La
France roses. Mrs. Meyers wore an ele
gant lavender silk, trimmed J with point
la;e, and diamonds.- Mrs. Poulson,
mother of the groom, wore a tan peau
de sole gown and diamond ornaments.
Mrs. J. F. Neideffer wore black silk,
trimmed in black velvet, and Mrs. Ber
win, cousin of the groom, wore a very
becoming 1 silk costume.
SOCIETY EVENTS.
THE SAN FBANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, MAY 3, 1901.
13
SPECIAL NOTICES.'
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery et., rooms 9-19; tel. 55S0.
SEWING?. MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines "all makes at j al-
most any price you : want to pay; all kinds
¦ rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth St."; phone, Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission. nr.^SLth.-
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, -re-
• paired; open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. ,
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.; 722. Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1. ..
GOLDEN "WEST Storace Warehouse. 840 Mis-
•slon St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
SUMMER RESORTS.
LADY haying own mMern cottage would take
' 2 or 3 summer boarders; pleasant, quiet place
for Invalid or old lady. MRS. H. JONES,
• Menlo Pa: k. ' ¦ .' " . . " - -
¦^^ iW^ w^^7P---^ A^i--- ---'- -¦¦"'''•
LOVELY HOME.
To -lease for a long term, to .responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality, in
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from de-
pot;, consisting of about 25 acres of best wine
grapes and balance best fruit; apples,' cher-
ries, plums, etc.; lovely cottage, furnished;
also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.; also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. Box
3841, Call office.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT . BARGAINS IN^Tf^PEwSlTERS^We
. sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
UNION TRUST COMPANY of San FranciscoT
Location of principal place of business,
San Francisco, California.
Notice is hereby given that at a regular
meeting of the directors held on the 2nd day
of May, 1901, a call or an assessment of One
Hundred - Dollars ($100 00) I per share was
levied upon the capital stock of the corpora-
¦ tlon, payable immediately to the secretary.
I. W. Hellmann Jr., at the office of the cor-
poration. No. 2 Montgomery street. In the
city and county of San ¦ Francisco, State of
California.
Any stock upon which this. call or assess-
ment shall remain unpaid on the 10th day of
June, 1901. will be delinquent and advertised
for sale at public auction, and unless pay-
ment Is made before, will be sold on the 26th
day of June, 1901, >' at 3 o' Cloak p. m., at the
: office of the secretary of said corporation.
No. 2 Montgomery street. In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,*
to pay the delinquent call or assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses
of sale. May 2nd, 1901.'
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. '
Secretary ot Union Trust Company of San
Francisco.
No. 2 Montgomery Street, San" Francisco,
California.
May 2nd. 1901.
To the Stockholders of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco: Referring to the
" above notice, we desire • to Inform you that
the business "of this company has grown so
large that we deem it expedient to' have a
paid up capital stock of One' Million Dollars
($1,000,000). : At the present time the paid up
capital stock Is Seven Hundred and Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($750,000 00). The board of
directors, at a meeting held May 2nd, 1901. by
a unanimous vote resolved to transfer One
Hundred and Twenty-five Thousand Dollars
($125 000 00) out of the surplus fund to capital
stock. The call, of which the above Is a
notice will also credit capital stock with an
additional One Hundred and Twenty-flve
Thousand Dollars ($125,000 00), thus - giving
the company One Million Dollars ($1,000,-
000 00) paid up capital. By order of the board j
• .of directors.
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary. '
~fjjvTblBND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con.— A dividend (No. 29) of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 430
California st, San Francisco, on May 10, 1901.
Transfer books close May 3, 1901. at noon. A.
A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS..
ADVERTISEMENT-MDfflce of the Chief En-
gineer, Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1. 1901, and then publicly opened.
•. Work to be done. includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry In breakwaters, about 6,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging in mud, sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. • Dredged
material to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right Is' reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office. Bureau of
Insular Affairs, Washington, D. C; United
States Engineer Offices at New York, Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE.
Captain. Engineers. • ; .- •
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., April 6, 1901.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Monday, May 6,
1901, and then opened, for construction of . a
sewer system at Fort Point, Cal. Govern-
ment reserves right to reject or accept any or
all bids In whole or In part. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
-of price and quality (Including In the price
of foreign productions the duty thereon) be-
ing equal, and such preference given to arti-
cles of American production produced on the
Pacific CoaBt, to extent of consumption re-
quired by the public service there. Informa-
tion furnished on application to J. M. MAR-
SHALL. Assistant Quartermaster ¦ General,
Chief Q. M. ¦-¦>¦ •'"•-- - •
PROPOSALS for Coal— Office of General Su-
perintendent" Army Transport Service. San
Francisco. Cal., April 30, 1901. Sealed pro-
posals In triplicate for furnishing and deliv-
ering on board army transports at San Fran-
cisco, California, forty thousand tons, aver-
age Steam Coal, or such portion thereof as
¦ may be required, will be received at this of-
fice until 12 m.. May 31," 1901, and then opened.
Information furnished on application. -En-
velopes containing proposals should .be In-
dorsed "Proposals for Coal," and addressed to
OSCAR F. LONG, General Superintendent.
MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ¦
Giovanni B. Rlcattl, 25, 18 Sonora street, and
Rose Gamma, 16. 18 Valparaiso street.
Latham McMullin, 29, 2200 California street,
and Mary Thomas, 25, 2614 Pacific avenue.
John E. Connell. -23, 1002% Minna street, and
Winifred Kelly, 20, 10% Bowie avenue. .j
Bernard S. Dickhoff. 25. 1713 Ellis street, and
Hattle Lanzet, 20, -2365 Pine street. *
Burton W. Ulrich, 26. Bakersfleld, and Marie
J. Kane, .27, Bakersfleld. - < .
David C; Williamson, 34, city, and Orel la
Meyer*, 28, city. /-„,„¦ ' .
William Custer, 41, 331 Kearny street, and
Edna Jackson, 20. city.
Percy Miller, 22, 189 Fourth street, and Grace
Merlweather. 21. 224 Fourth street. : .
BIRTHS— MARBIAGE5— DEATHS. '
Birth, marriage and : death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. s
ELSASSER— In this city. April 22. 1901. to the
wife of C. C. Elsasser, a daughter. . .
EWING— In this city. May 1, 1901, to the wife'
of - Stanley Bwlns, a son. •
JOHNSON— In this city. April 17, 1901, to the
wife of J. C. Johnson, a daughter.,
REED— In, this city, April 24, 1901.; to the wife
of Robert Reed, a son. • ' ¦
- , MARRIED. \ ¦ ~
BRUNKHORST-RIX-In this city, April 30,
1901, by the Rev. J.-M. ; Buehler, Henry
Brunkhorst and Dora . Rlx.
DUNKER— LOHSE— In this city. May 1, 1901,
by -the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Christian Dunker
and Amanda. Lohse.' . ,
HEARTY— STRONG— In this city. April 21,
1901,-byahe Rev. W. E. Hopper. C. S. P.,
Thomas E. Hearty and Mary Daisy Strong. .
-••;,• ...; DIED. . .
Buchtci, Samuel Joyner, Peter .-':.¦•
Bussfill. Arthur- . Lane, William H. -
Busteed. 1 Anna ¦ McGrath, Ellen
Cavalli. John A. McLean._ Jane ¦K.-
Chalmers,- -Thomas- MItton. William- H. -
Crowley, Gussle ¦: Moore. Miss Elizabeth
Dlnneen. Patrick J. Nelson.- Henry R.
Foley. Alfred E. - Nelson. Osmond G.
Fritz, John A. Rogers, John C.
Gleason, Thomas L. • Kulffs^ Rebecka
Hadeler. Claudina • Schlagl, Franc lska "
Hennessey. Roy T. Shannon. Phoebe E. •
Hobson, Minnie McM.. Sweeney, John ' -
. Hogan. John R." ' Tibbey. Alexander S.
Hublou. Peter N. ; • . Tlerney. Patrick L.
Johnson, Mrs." O. R. • Van Bergen, Harriet
"'* Joseph, Antone ' . .-
BUCHTEL— In'- this. city. May .1, .1901, Samuel,
beloved husband bf Mary E. Buchtel, father
of John A. and Ethelyn. Buchtel. and brother
.¦of Joseph Buchtel of. Portland, - Or., a native
of Ohio, aged 63 years 9 months and 2S days.
(Portland papers please copy.) . =
• cy Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Mission street, between Seventh and
' Eis'hth. ¦;' . ,- - ' : . - " •
I" BUStfELL-In this city, May 2, 1901, Arthur
PERSONALS— Conttnned^^^^
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
IEo to $1 M per night; $1 DO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SCHOOL to- learn hairdresstng. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A. V. :
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready:
"¦Domestic" office. 1C21 Market St., nr. Sixth.-
OLD gold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
Ladles' and pents' cast-oft clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom;teI.Folsom 1191.
C. LANDECKER, 20 Montg'y— 'Watches cleaned
and repaired.no matter what's broken. Jl;guar.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
'SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Suiter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists. ¦
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence*
1021 Market st, between Sixth and Seventh.
DRl WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PICMC SUPPLIES. • j
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 29 Market st., for flne'st wines and
liquors: biggest house; open Sundays.
. PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your !
midst, many who have suffered 20 to 30
years: over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men cent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no ,
calves for 6ale. Particulars, address Physl-
clan. box 1950. Call office. S. F.. Cal. .
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
$2rOO— A snap; rents $24; near Jones and Post
streets. . , • :
$3750— A- snap; O'Farrell Bt; north side; 40-ft.
front: rents $40.
$7500— Four brand new flats; all rented, $72;
east of Van Ness ave. •
$9000— Grand investment; 100-foot front; near
Taylor st.: rents $100.
$10,000— Store and 2 elegant flats; pays about
7 r>er cent net: all rented.
$12.500— Leavenworth et.: rents $105; lot 55-
foot front: all rented.
$7500 cash Invested and assuming a mortgage
will buy 3 elegant flats paying $9S over taxes,
water, etc.. monthly; strictly modern.
$18.000— Howard St.. do wnto wn ;¦ fine 4-story
building, -with basement; rents $125.
$25.000— Greatest bargain in city; lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick building; all rented, and
pays positively over 8 per cent net; .within a
few blocks of Chronicle.
$25,000 — McAllister St.; 50-foot front; new im-
provements; rents $2000 a year.
$33. COO — New improvements; rents $245; 50 feet
front: close to Sutter and Leavenworth sts.
$36,000— Mission st.; 70 feet frontage; down-
town district.
$40,000— Grand Investment: few blocks from
Tivoli: one tenant; rents $4000 a year.
$55,000 — Grand corner: 60- foot front: few blocks
from Oroheum; pays 6 per cent net.
$75,000— Grand corner; 60-foot front; within
block of Tivoli: old improvements; rents J4C0.
Other bargains.
Airiv A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market et.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole st. ; open dally.
IF you *have lots to sell north of the . P.ark,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Salisbury. builder. 1333 Market.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
A^DAIRY ranch of 190 acres; 160 river bottom;
100 cleared: 60 in red clover, 7 In orchard;
good 2-?tory house: 2-story barn; all fenced..
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. by Call Bldg...
$€000—600 ACRES adjoining Redding: close 'to
the northern oil fields; similar formation;
will be sold at a bargain, as cash is needed.
Box 28S6, Call office. .
BUY iu Napa County: no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops: write us for fre«
copy "Napa County Viticulturi«t." • The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
$12 50 PER acre, terms at that If desired: 80
acres good land, bearing orchard, small house,
near school. CHAS. WILLMOTT. 916 Market.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent. 719
Market St., by Call LIdg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for <sale a» over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, PetaUima. Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Bonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— In Ross Valley. 7 minutes' walk
from San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200:
well cultivated. For particulars inquire 'of
J. I. TAYLOR. 404 Sansome Bt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ — —f — • ¦ —
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOU$ES.
TO Let— Furnished house, 8 rooms and bath;
large grounds, with orchard; near station;
terms reasonable. Inquire 790 Railroad ave.,
Mastlck station, Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$4500— NEW 11-room house, 2.batha;.2 blocks
to station: $500 cash, balance flat mortgage;
place will rent for $50 per month. W. C.
MORAN & CO. - -
$3500—8 LARGE rooms, One mantels: rooms
can be thrown together; fine view; close to
U C grounds; this is a pick-up: if you don t
believe It call and see for yourself; team al-
ways ready to take you. W. C. MORAN
& CO. .
$450— WHEELER Tract lots. W. C. MORAN
& CO. <¦' -
$150— ACRE lots. - W. C. MORAN & CO.
17500— REDUCED from $8500 o« account of de-
parture; 13 large rooms; 1 block from U. C.
grounds on north Bide of 80-foot street; lot
65x134- $3000 «an remain on mortgage. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$1900— NEW 7-room house . on 80-foot street;
lot 50x140; half block to cars; $300 cash, bal-
ance $25 per month; stationary tubs; tiled
sink- -porcelain bath. W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorin station and Schmidt block,- Berkeley.
$2750— NEW 2-story house;' complete' in every
particular: thoroughly well built: street work
all done; near the electric cars and railroad.
$5000— Fine new house of 9 rooms; lot 52x160;
gas and electric lights; excellent view of bay
and near university. -,.„_,.. '
Apply to JOS. J. MASON, -
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$1750— 5-room cottage, modern, " stable ; lot 50x140.
Inquire Hanson's shoe store, Fruttvale, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS:
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. '
NEAR CENTER STATION.
h "rooms, sunny side, ' above 7th st.; rented
bow; inspect it any time; a big bargain.,, .
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
{COZY HOME. $15 MONTHLY.
I Eastlake cottage, 6- rooms, basement bath,
bay window; street work .complete;, stone
walks and lawn; total only $1500.- .
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
FORCED MORTGAGE SALE. .
$2750; cost $3530; Eastlake 7-roomed cottage,
with high-floored basement; lot 50x140; sunny,
side, with barn, fruit trees, gravel driveway,
Etone walks, chicken yards, etc.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO.."
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
FORCED MORTGAGE SALE.
' $2750 — Cost $3C00; Eastlake 7-roomed cottage,
with high, floored basement; lot 50x140; sunny
6ide with barn, fruit trees, gravel driveway,
Etone' walks, chicken yards, etc. . ,
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
¦ IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
RIGHT ON BROADWAY. s .
Oozy cottage and large lot; fronting on two
ctreets; owner out of town; chance. to get a
Enap. - •-
, . ' GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. •
JLOOS Broadway, Oakland.
? *' -. . rniTurTfai w~i ihmhi <friM»ti— m ¦iWlT
MOXEY TO LOAX-— Continued. >
ON furniture pianos; no removal; money
Quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
acre; reliable party. .1170 Market St.. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J- HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
3% on rurntture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without Ff curity.
RILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
CASH loaned on ealari**: New York plan. THE
TOITSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS, 1st or M mtgs: city; country. 6%. undi-
vided Ints. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
LOANS on salaries without lndorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bldg.
jino.000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorper. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral- or ln-
florser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
ALL, urrlrhts lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $65 « 2 Chlckerlngs dike
1 Heine baby grand 1 new) $200
Hike new) $525 2 Helnes ?313 un
1 Stelnway S1$V>1 Hallet-Davis $465
And fifty others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
istence, including Hallet-Davis. Indorsed by all
the greatest masters: over 50.000 in use in most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co.. 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
¦upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. S6 per
month; some good pianos sold for *S. $< and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Ftelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets.. San Francisco; corner Broadway ana
Thirteenth et.. Oakland. ;
AT BYRON MAUZY'S. 308 POST ST.
Tou are invited to call and hear the Peer-
less" electric self-play!n« piano attachment:
can be put in any piano; also to Inspect our
piano factory and see how a' piano Is made.
Agent Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Ham-
llton. Splelmann planes.
A LOW price and a rood article Is what the
people want. We have both to offer In the
piano line. An upright for $100 and as
much more as you feel like paying. Call and
eee our stock before buying. JAe can Ea\e
you money. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. .69
Market et. \
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and X %^l^-J^°^
west of Chicaro is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
B PIANO snans-JEO. J75. $80. $1=5. $130: easy
payments: also Apollo sligh«y used \ a bar-
rain. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX, 16 O'Farrell
ct.. Chlckertng agency. ;
HAZELTON pianos: none better; epecial sale
this week of this and other high -grace
pianos: also bargains in second-hand up-
rlrhts. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
' A— $400; UPRIGHT irrand. new. for almost
half. 216 McAllister Et.
f!S5— STAND ART upright : cost $423; for sale on
V, installments. 1419 Post ft.
KRANICH & BACH nianoF. musicians' delight.
Sole agency BRUENN. 20S Post st.
TOU can obtain a fine upright piano at a low
figure. T. H. KILGO. 846 Mission st.
IS PER month rents a benutl'ul piano. SCOTT-
CTTRTAZ PIANO CO.. S60 Hayeg ft.
$117— MAHOGANY «*ase Fischer upright.. 217
Geary et.. room 38. ;
A SMALL Checkering upright. $123: 6 uprights,
gecond-handed : your choice at $110. 21" Geary.
GENTLEMAN going East must sacrifice hand-
some 3-pedal upright piano. 618 Eddy st.
$45 UPRIGHT J1T5 Knabe. $135 Pteinway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
At WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market st.. you
ran pet storage pianos almost for a song.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be gold. SOI Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hartman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Murt be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
AT KEEFFETS. 933 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Ehoninger agency.
ST'PFRIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
1* cages, in wrapper, for mailing. 81 per year.
OFFICES' A!TD STORES TO LET.
S~PTORES with fixtures and 4 livlnjr rooms
with each; good order: fine business location;
low rent. Apply S26 Harrison st.
LIGHT, sunny office* $15 to $20. Emma Spreck-
el« bu"(HTiB\ 927 Market gt- '
OIL.
COSTA Rica, 10 cents per share, will make you
rich: you cannot lose your money; stock guar-
anteed by S. F. real estate bonds: certified to
by Cal. Safe Deposit and Trust Co.: send for
prospectus. Pacific States Mining and Invest-
ment Co.. 226 Post st. '?»
THE XV. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil lands in the
best districts; Investigate: Fearless OH and
¦Water Co.: a good investment: water trans-
portation. 408 Examiner big.. 464 Sth. Oakland.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In cood order; all
»lze*: cheap. H. S. WHITE. SIB Mission nt.
Oil, LANDS.
OIL. land* for eale cr lease In all parts of the
State We can furnish you with lands In the
beet localities. If you are looking for Jands
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
eotnpanies rail on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
75.000 ACRES oil land In various counties for
lease and sale. ROBINSON. 36 Geary St., r. 6. i
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered,
tf un. Jennen & Bath. 308 Sixth: open even.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black S6L
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; character read-
ing: lessons In class, private. 204 Ellis, r. 18.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED — Doctor as partner on new discov-
ery. Box 3S93. Call office.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO D. CAMPBELL. Lain-yer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
NOTICE Ir hereby given that my wife. DOR-
OTHY BOWMAN MOOERS. and myself are
no longer living together as man and wife;
that «he has no claims upon me for support
and I shall not be responsible for any debts
contracted by her of any character whatso-
ever. E. D. MOOERS.
Phoenix. Arizona. April 20. 1S01. .
SOMETHING to eat— Home dining-room. 27
Market Bt., 6th floor. Is open for business as
usual and the best Sterne lunch or dinner in
town awaits all who come.
TO work in garden or drive— Ladles' leather
gloves. 25c; all styles. Gloves for men, wo-
men or boys at SMITHS'. 27 Market Et.
BEST taste, "The Sunerior"; skillful hair
dressing; wrinkles vanished; gray hair re-
etored; expert masseur*. 14 McAllister, rm. 69.
EDNA— Come to Eddy. 6:30. Saturday. C.
NOME— If going get your outfit to eat, to wear
- and to sleep in at SMITHS'. 27 Market Et
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 3S7 Jessie st. ¦
BTEAMER F. M. Smith leaves S. F. for San
Jose daily except Saturday at Jackson-st.
wharf.
A WOMAN, one elde badly wrinkled, the other
made smooth: also freckled girl; remedies
guaranteed permanent; call— seeing Is believ-
ing. N. Y. lust. Dermatology. 105 Ellis, S. F.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a i-imple clay,
which will turn white ' hair black, brown.
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden.
In from four to twelve hours, - according to
thade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. 406 Butter st.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, cail
on DR. G. 6. MOORE, 488 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
AFFLICTED, come! We will locate your dis-
ease free without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling pulse; tell you how to get
well without knife, drugs or worthless instru-
ments; this Is not a faith cure, but Bclrntl-
flc treatment. Nervo Pathic Co.. 327 Larkin.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $5; valuable Information for liquor,
morphine, opium. »U drug habits. MRS.
"WILLIAMS, 1S3J Polk st,, San Francisco.
tl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Ecotch, $15 up; fine drees milts. $20 up: ele-
*-aat overcoats $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market rt., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 131^-1212 Stockton . «t.. near Broadway.
Dr. Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours,2to3, ex-
eept Th. end Eat.: electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY-
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TO-MORROW!. -^
TO-MORROW!
TO-MORROW! . . •
TO-MORROW!"
TO-MORROW!
TO-MORROW!
TO-MORROW «-
TO-MORROW!
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.-SS^I
AT " AUCTION,
AT AUCTION. . . -v
¦AT AUCTION,
Bank Properties,
SATURDAY, MAY 4,
2 p. m.. at office.
TOUR RENT WILL: BUT
' . A HOME.
Payments include principal and Interest.
A clean-up at your Price. • -
At, less than bouses cost.
BERKELEY HOME— $200 . cash, $20 mo.: 8025
Ellis St.. nr. Prince; bet. Lorln and Ashby sta-
tions; modern 2"-story Colonial 7- \>orn ; . bath ; 2
mantels; fine order; 42x109; street complete.
GOLDEN GATE OR LORIN-STA. COT-
TAGE— $150 cash, $15 mo.: 1031 Sixty-third or
Feltonst. ; 2 blocks San Pablo ave.; bay-win-
dow; 5 rooms; bath; brick foundation ; nice
order; 50x162. •--¦ - ¦
LORIN STATION LOTS— $50 cash, $5 per ma ;
N. s. 62d or Crawford St., 2 blocks east San
Pablo ave.; 2 lots, each E0xl68.
GOLDEN GATE COTTAGE— $150 cash. $13
mo. ; - 53d or Mattie ave. : 2 blocks San Pablo
cars; 6 rooms; mantel;, brick foundation: stable;
40x109; newly painted; choice neighborhood.
WEST BERKELEY LOT— $25 cash, $5 mo.;
S. s. Carrlson. 291 E. San Pablo; 33x126." ¦
NORTH OAKLAND LOTS— $50 cash, $5 mo. :
S. s. 43d St.. 90 ft. W. of Market: 2 lots, each
50x100; near electric cars and new ferry. •
ALAMEDA COTTAGE— $150 cash. $15 mo.:
1,813 Broadway; 6 blocks Park-st. local; cozy; 6
rooms, bath; 50x125; shrubbery; nice order,
CHOICE CENTRAL EAST OAKLAND
HOME— $300 cash. $30 mo.: 13S0 13th ave.. cor.
E. 18th st.; near station; fine 2-story; 9 rooms;
2 toilets; 3 mantels; furnace; gas fixtures;
choice neighborhood; first-class condition.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE-J150 cash. $15
mo.; 957 E. 21st st., nr. 19th ave.; bay window,
6 rooms; bath; lot 50x140; newly painted; fronts
electric cars: street macadamized.
TWENTY-THIRD-AVE. COTTAGE — $250
cash, $25 ma; 1127 E. 20th st ; 22d-ave. cars;
modern; 7 rooms; bath; fine order; beautiful
view; near station, churches, schopls; lot 75x150.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $.100 cash; $10
mo.; 1007 E. 23d st., nr. 21st avn. ; 3-room cot-
tage; elevated; 50x140; good neighborhood.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $125 cash;
$12 50 mo.; 1004 E..22d.et., nr. 21st ave.; cozy
bay-window: 4 rooms; basement; brick foun-
dation: 25x140: sichtly: near cars. ' school.
" STORE AND FLAT— $200 cash, $15 mo.; 1570
and 1572 21st ave.; E. 21st st. cars half block;
modern; double bay-window, : 2-story ; shelving,
fixtures; flat 5 rooms; bath; mantel; street
macadamized: 27:6x125; see this.
TWENTT-THIRD AVE. STA.' COTTAGE} —
$150 cash, $15 mo.: 641 Kennedy st.: sta. 1
block; bay-window; 6 rooms; bath; brick foun-
dation; macadamized; splendid home.
E. O. - CORNER LOT— $50 cash, $5 mo. ; NE.
cor. 15th ave. and E. 17th St.: 42x90; near 23d-
ave. sta. : adjoins nice Improvements.
FRUITVALE STA. LOT— $50 cash. $5 mo. ;
S. s. Washington, 100 feet E. Brandon st. ; 25x
125; homes adjoining; 3 blocks of station. ,
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. LOT— $23 cash,
$5 mo.: N. side E. Ninth St., 223 E. of 28th
ave.; 25x100. . \
ELMHURST COTTAGE— $130 cash. $12 50
mo.; First ave.; block power-houses: modern;
bay-window: 5 rooms: bath; barn; '50x150. : ¦
ELMHURST COTTAGE-$150 cash. $12 E0
mo.; Third St., nr. Jones ave, ; new; bay-win-
dow; 6 rooms; bath; 40x125; cement walks. . .
•ELMHURST LOT— $23 cash; $5 ..mo.: SW.
cor. Orchard and Third ave. : Stone Tct. ; BOx
140; 8 blocks cars: powerhouse. ; ¦" . » '-
REMEMBER DATE.
SATURDAY. MAY 4. AT 2 P. M.
Write" for maps. Call and be shown properties.
\ LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Sflenronm 460 and 462 Kth st... OakJ»nrt.
. - TO-MORROW!
TO-MORROW!
TO-MORROW!
TO-MORROW 1
TO-MORROW!
TO-MORROW!
TO-MORROW!
TO-MORROW! .
$2250 EACH — Two new 5 rooms and bath cot-
tages on West St., nr. 2Sth; ca^ be purchased
on easy payments; lots 28x140 each; must be
seen to be appreciated. Call or address A. J.
SNYDER. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND R0O3IS AND BOARD.
LOVELY furnished rooms, with excellent board
In private family, for adults. S14 2M st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture- dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FOLSOM, 525— Sunny suite front rooms; light
housekeeping; $9 month. . ¦ ¦ -
FOLSOM, 2020 — Two front connecting rooms for
. light housekeeping: bath, laundry; $10.
FOURTH, 225— Nice large furnished room for
I light housekeeping. - -
GEARY, 813%— Three furnished housekeeping
rooms ; gas stove; bath. '
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
i suites of 3 rooms, nicely, fur.; gas; bath. ¦
HOWARD. 728-^Large room for 2, reasonable;
neat rooms for 1, $5; 2 or 3 rooms for house-
keeping; gas. ¦ . .
LARGE front room for housekeeping in private
family. 649 Howard st. . . •
LARKIN. 804— Large sunny front room and
back room, $S and $10; also furnished house-
¦ keeping rooms.
LASKIE. 27, off Miesion, bet. Eighth and Ninth
—3 sunny furnished rooms for housekeeping.
NEW AUBURN HOUSE, 334 Third St.— House-
keeping rooms, suitable for family; reference.
NOE, 153 — 2 sunny bay-window rooms complete
housekeeping; gas stove; grate; bath; $14.
OAK, 119—1 large sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; stcve, closet; $9.
SIXTH, 541— Sunny front and back parlor for
housekeeping, $10.
SOUTH PARK. 159—2 or 3 rooms complete for
housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
MJbscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st/ ' ¦
ROOMS TO. LET— Furn. and TJnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
. day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, EOc up: meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all .night. •
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites," single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
¦ furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FIFTIlf 264, cor. Clementina— Neatly furnished
sunny room with bath; rent $6 60.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, - en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD court, 6— Furnished rooms, quiet,
for ¦'gentlemen. ' X \
JESSIE, 303, cor. Fourth— Nicely furnished
front rooms.
McALLISTER, 324 — Two furnished rooms to
rent; running water.
NEW . ARLINGTON'. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NICELY furnished room suitable for one or two
gentlemen. 1237 Geary; entrance on Gough.
O'FARRELL, 20-rSunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 608— Room, running water, suit-
able for gentleman, $8. . ' . . . ¦
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis Bt.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $1; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per nlcht, 3Sc to $1 60; week,. $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $£0: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 . Eighth St.,
• near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
TURK, 126— Sunny furnished front room . suit-
able for a" gentleman, $6 per month.
TURK, 268 (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-'
inlshed: modern In every detail; board option-
al. Phone South 422. -. . . •. , \
VAN NESS, 930 .............;...
Bachelors' apartments; > elegantly furnished;
.all south. rooms; tourists. :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call, branch of flee, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. rubscriptions . has . been ;_ established at 1096
Valencia st.
• • ROOMS AXD\BOARD.
ROOMS and 'board:- prices reasonable. 413
First st.. between Harrison. and Bryant.' ¦
AT summer rates: attractive rooms: special
table:' wine dinners. S07 California st. :"¦•
. ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED Unfurnished office '¦¦ or '.room, : $3 or
. to month, near Call. building. Box 3963, Call. '
Bursell, late of the United States Army
.transport service, beloved husband of Mar-
garet Russell, and father of Gladys and
.. Caroline Bussell, a native of England; aged
4S years. •
It^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BUSTEED— In this city, May 1, 1901. Anna,
..beloved wife . of - the ' late • Thomaa Busteed,
•' and mother of Mary "W., William J. and the
late Thomas F. and Michael J. Busteed. a
native of- Ireland. - * -
; OTJfFrlends and acquaintances' are'respect-
• fully Invited -to attend the funeral this day
(Friday),' at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
•dence,- 1306 Sanchez street; thence to St.
'Paul's Church.- where a requiem ' high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
.commencing at 9:30.o.'clock. - - Interment Mount
¦ "CnlvaryVCemetery, •¦•'.¦;
CAVALLI— In this city. May 1, 1901. John An-
drew Cavalli. beloved husband of Mary Ca-
-•valll," and father of John Cavalli and the
. late Mrs. Frank Chellni, a native of Switz-
erland, aged 80 years. i
CHALMERS— In this city. May 1, 1901, Thomas
Chalmers, a' natiye of Scotland, aged 37
years. ... ¦ ¦•'. ':-. '-»
¦ CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Fr,iday). at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Lwirel
Hill Cemetery.
CROWLET-In this" city. May 1. 1901, . Gussie. ;
beloved daughter of John and the late Julia
Crowley, and sister of Mamie and the late
John Crowley and Mrs. H. Klein, a native
of San Francisco, aged 26 years 4 . months
and .10 days. ¦ . .
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral* this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 114 Seventh street, thence to SJ. .Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery,
ALT A Parlor No. 3. N. D. G. W.— Members
are 'requested to attend the funeral of our
late sister, Augusta Crowley, this day (Fri-
day), at 8 o'clock, from her late residence,
114 - Seventh street. i
MISS A. BROWN. President.
C. L., FAULKNER, Secretary. . '
DINNEEN— In Seattle, Wash., April 27, 1901,
Patrick J. Dlnneen, beloved brother of Sister
Mary Mencinl, O. P., Margaret and Nellie
Dlnneen. Mrs. Mary Hughes. Mrs. Ellen
Donovan. Mrs. Nora Bow and Mrs. Catherine
Smith, a native of County Cork. Ireland.
(Santa Cruz, Cal., and Boston, Mass., pa-
• pers please copy.)
E7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 9
o'clock, ' from-" the residence of his sister,
Mrs. " Catherine Smith. 30 Octavia street,
thenco to Sacred Heart Church, where a
solemn requiem , mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:oO
o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
FOLEY— In this city, May 2, 1901. Alfred E..
dearly beloved son of "William E. and Mar-
¦ garet A. Foley, and brother of Thomas M..
William R. and the late Francis Linus
Foley, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year. 2 months and 22 days. •,
FRITZ— In this city. May 1, 1901. John A.
Fritz, beloved father of Fred and August
Fritz. Mrs. C. L. Haskell and Mrs. F. A.
HanRe. a native of Wittenberg, Germany,
. aged 79 yearn 1 month and 2S days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
May 5, 1301. at 2 o'clock, from Red Men's
Hall; BIO Bush street, under the auspices of
Germania Stamm No. 83, and San Francisco
Grove No. 3, U. A. O. D. Interment Ma-
. sonic Cemetery. .
GLEASON— In this city. May 2. 1901, Thomas
L. Gleason. beloved son of Timothy Gleason,
and brother" of Joseph. Frank- and Daniel
Gleason and Margaret O'Dwyer. a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years 3 months and
14 -days. ; .
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
' of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HADELER— In this city. May. 2. 1901. Claudina
Ellse Irma. youngest and dsarly beloved
daughter of Dledrlch and Catharina Rebecca
Hadeler, and sister of Henry, William, Em-
ma and Anna Hadeler,' a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 7 months and 22 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence. 1153 Octavia street, between Eddy
and Ellis. Interment ' Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
HENNESSEY— In this city. May 2, 1901. Roy
Thomas, beloved son ot Thomas J. and Nellie
Hennefssy. a native of San Francisco, aged
3 months and 11 days.
(T^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 245 Clara street. Interment Holy
> Cross Cemetery.
HOBSON— In Healdsburg. May 1. 1901, Minnie
McMulUn, beloved wife of Jerome C. Hob-
son, daughter of Mrs. John McMullin. and
sister of William J.. George H. and Thomas
F. McMullin, a native of San Francisco.
HOGAN— In this city, Mav 2. 1901, John R..
beloved son of Catherine and Patrick Hogan,
and brother of Thomas, William. Joseph,
Maggie and Mary Hogan and Mrs. J. Mar-
quardt, a native of Peorla, 111., aged 25 years
11 months and 2 days." . (
HUBLOU-In this city. May 1. 1901, Peter N.
Hublou. beloved husband of Hannah F. Hub-
' lou, and : son of the late John and Esther
Hublcu, a native of California,
[CTFrlends and acquaintfinces are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from Metzler's par-
lors, 636 Washington street, thence to St.
Francis Church, corner of Montgomery ave-
nue and Vallejo street, thence to Third and
Townsend streets to 11:30 o'clock train. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 1. 1901. Mrs. O.
R. Johnson, wife of the late O. R. Johnson
of ' Racine, Wls.. and mother of Otis W.,
¦ Thomas L., Charles R., Francis J. and Jean-
ette Johnson and Mrs. H. S. Abbott, a native
of New York, aged 68 years and 1 month.
(Michigan and Wisconsin papers please copy.)
Ky Friends are invited to attend funeral
services this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at
residence of C. R. Johnson. 1S96 Broadway,
near Octavla street. .
JOSEPH— In the City -and County Hospital.
May 1, 1901. Antone Joseph, a native of Cape
Verde Isles, aged 68 years.
JOYNER— In this city. May 1. 1301. Peter, be-
loved son of Peter T. and Sarah J. Joyner,
• and brother of Patrick, John, Katie, Willie,
¦ Bernard, Maggie, James and Julia Joyner.
a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years 3
months and 23 days.
(n7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 239 Henry street, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth, off Castro. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANE— In this city. May 2, 1901. William H.,
beloved husband of Felecia C. ¦ Lane, and
father of Carlton V.. Frank W. and Flor-
ence Lane, a native of Ohio, aged 56 years
lV months and 27 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at rf 2 o'clock, from the family
residence. 550 liberty street, near Castro.
' Internment MaRonlc Cemetery. -
McGRATH— In this city. May 2, 1901. Ellen,
; beloved wife of Patrick McGrath. and mother
of James and the late Annie McGrath. a na-
tive of County Longford, Ireland, aged 61
years. . • . ¦ .
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock. . from the 'parlors
.of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services 'at '10 o'clock. ' Interment Holy Cross
I Cemetery.
McLEAN— In this city. May 2, "1901. Jane R.
. McLean, . mother of . Mrs. Jane Brown. John
McLean, Mrs. J. C. Chalmers and Alice Me-.
Lean, a native of Edinburgh, Scotland.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter. r-
MITTON— In Menlo Park, April 23, 1901, Wll-
-ltam H. MItton, a native of Frankfort, Ky..
aged 70 years and 8 months. (St. Louis and
Louisville papers please copy.)
MOORF— In Alameda, May 1, 1901. Miss Eliza-
« beth Moore, sister of Mrs. Eper Ellery and
, the late Nathaniel, vRobert and William
Moore, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 72
y 1t7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1517 Golden Gate avenue, hetween
Pierce- and Scott . streets," San Francisco. In-
terment private. . -. • • ; ¦
NELSON— At "United States Navy Hospital.
MarV Island. Cal., May 1. 1901, Henry Ras-
mus Nelson, dearly beloved son of Hans
and Margaretha Nelson, and beloved brother
nr Peter Nelson, a native of San Francisco,
ased 17 years 5 months and 26 days. (Brook-
lyn N. Y., papers please copy.) .--
• ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
NELSON— In this city. May" 1. 1901. Osmond
O ' Nelson. -" beloved husband of Emma M.
Nelson, a native of Lelth. Scotland, aged 31
vears 2 months and 16 days. „
try Friends and acquaintances are r^epect-
fnliV invited to .attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
" dence 224 Duncan street, under the auspices
• of Golden City Lodge. No. 63. K. of P. In-
• ierment Mount. Olivet Cemetery .
ROGERS-In Berkeley. May 2. 1901. John Cur-.
ti« noirers. beloved husband of Charity L.
Rogfrsf father, of Lizzie, Joseph and Roy
Rnlprs son of. Amos C. and Mary E. Rog-
fr° ? and brother of Charles. Joseph, Peter.
" LIman and Alfred Rogers and Mrs. Dr. Liddy
¦''•Steele. a, native of Oregon, aged 38 years 7
. m |j^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday).' at 1 o'clock. , at his
laVr residence. 2127 Prince Berkeley.
Interment Mountain View, Cemetery.
nnDTHER members of Temple Lodge No. 11,
. A O.UVW-. are respectfully Invited to at-
HENRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor ' to Flannagan & Gallagher.) .
DANIEL P.' DONOVAN. Mgr. •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
i 10 Fifth st.. s opposite. Lincoln > School. ¦
. - ','¦ "Telephoned South 80. ;: ¦¦ ,<:
1>yV\oAVOV «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL' DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1239 Market St.. between 8th and Sth. J
«;;';. „; ,-.,::•¦ Telephone South , 247. ; ¦ .... - |
tugen'e Mcumn. ""' " '¦' ""'•' Mc5rNN~I3ROS~
- r Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
. ,¦ .-"SI EDDY STREET. '
Telephone South 252. ~ San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House.
.tend the funeral of our late brother. John
' C. Rogers, by request of family, to-morrow
• (Saturday), at 1 o'clock.
J. G. F. OELLEHICH.
RULFFS— In thl» city. May 1. 1901. Rebecka
Rulffa, beloved wife of P." -H. Rulffs. and
mother of Mrs. -A. "H. Hannes and the late
Fred and William. Winkelmann. a native of
Germany, aged 58 years. A member of Wal-
halla Rebekah Lodge No. 130, I. O. O. F.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o"clock, from- her late resi-
dence, 601 Hayes street. Interment I. O. O.
- F. Cemetery.
SCHLAGL-In this city,- May 1. 1901, Fran-
ciska, beloved wife of Anton Schlagl. mother
- of Airs. J. Fischer and Adolph. Anton Jr.,
' Frank and Charles Schlagl. and sister of Mrs.
"" F. Fischer, Mrs. A. * Kutscher and Frank
Hacker, a native of Austria, aged 56 years
10 months and 11 days. A member of Mar-
tha Lodge No. 241, K. .and L. of H.
ILyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late rjsi-
- dftnce. 523 Sixth street, between Bryant and
Brannan. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SHANNON— In this city. May 2. 1901. Phoebe
E.. beloved wife of R. T. Shannon, and
mother of Robert Theodore Jr. and .Katherine
Shannon and Mrs.- John Crimmlns. a native
of Ohio, aged 39 years 4 months and 17 days.
SWEENEY-In this city. May 1. 1901, John
- Sweeney, a native of Ireland, aged S3 years..
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission
street, Miasion Masonic Temple. Interment
National Cemetery. Presidio. ¦;..-, -.,'
TIBBBY— March 22. 1901. at Coal Harbor. TJnga
. Island. Alaska, Alexander S.. beloved brother
of Edney S. and Henry In TIbbey and Mrs.
Emily Bradford of Raynham, Mass., aged 55
years.
TIERNEY— A" solemn requiem mass (month's
mind) will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Patrick L. Tlerney, beloved
son of Thomas and the late Fannie Tlerney,
at St. Joseph's Church, to-morrow (Satur-
' day), at S o'clock. Friends are Invited to at-
tend.
VAN BERGEN— In San Mateo. May 1. 1901.
¦ Harriet Frances, beloved wife of John W.'
Van Berren, and mother of Edgar N. and
Howard H. Van Bergen.
E7The funeral services will be- held
at the residence In San Mateo on arrival of
the train leaving San Francisco at 10:30
o'clock, to-morrow (Saturday). Interment
private In Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.WIRE-HAIRED FOX TERRIER,
ONE OF THE /SURVIVORS OF
THE WRECKED RIO.
MAN WHO "WILL. BE THK SAN
TA FE PASSENGER AGENT
IN THIS CITY.
'Send to the office of the Southern Pa
cific J Company, *613 .Market street. San
Francisco, for. one of the new. topograph
ical; maps of the Yosemite Valley.
Another attachment was filed Wednes
day against the Stanley Aerial Navigation
Company by. J. G. Keeling. Keeling sued
the company in the Justices' Court on an
assignment claim of;J.' H. . Kruse, . who Is
alleged to have delivered to the company
merchandise valued at ?66 18. .
More Airship Troubles.
The will of John D. Fry, who died Feb
ruary 3, .was filed for. probate Wednesday.
Decedent bequeaths ; ¦ hia ' entire ' estate,
which is valued at several' hundred thou
sand dollars; to his widow; Mrs. Sarah
Fry, and: son, Robert Fry. The California
Sate Deposit and Trust Company is named
as^executor of the will. . . J
John D. Fry's Will.
Mary Grant was convicted .by a jury
yesterday 1 in the United States District
Court on an Information charging her
with selling liquor without a license from
the revenue officials. She was ordered to
appear for sentence next Saturday morn
ing.. • . •' '.¦ - ' ¦''¦'-¦'' : ' : -XWy}
Mary Grant Convicted.
J. ¦ M. Coleman", f who says ' he is ' an' oil
promoter in > Kern County, | was arrested
yesterday by,Policeman "W. T. Hooper and
booked at the, City Prison on'a "charge of
carrying a concealed < weapon. He was re
leased on- $20 cash ball/ Coleman was di
vorced- from; his wife about two months
ago and she was awarded the custody of
their '• child. "¦ Since then she has maMed
E.:N.. Smith and lives at 926 Hvde street.
Coleman went there yesterday- to see the
child, ¦• but • Mrs. , Smith <¦ refused to : permit
him. He drew a. revolver and created'a
scene.' ...
Threatened Divorced Wife.
Judging • from present • indications the
social reunion of the people of Sacred
Heart parish, which, is to take place next
Saturday at Sunset Park, in ¦ the Santa
Cruz. Mountains, will': prove a splendid
success. Already more than 2000 tickets
have been disposed of, and the railroad
company is preparing:for the sale of as
many more. Five hundred prizes have
been secured nnd will be distributed on
the grounds. ; The boat will leave-for the
Alameda mole "at 9:15, and from there the
run will be made directly to the park.
Sacred Heart Picnic.'
"With one or two, exceptions all the
bosses have agreed to the new time sched
ule. ;.:- v
Under the new regulations the hours of
labor will be from 4 in the morning to '4
in the afternoon, excepting on Fridays
when they will be from. 2 in the morning
till 4 in the afternoon; on Sundays from
7 to 10 o'clock in the morning. The men
do not ask for higher wages. _
N. de Luca, president; James Pattarga,
vice president; A. Ritore, treasurer; E.
Reese, secretary: C. Cuneo, E. Maggio, F.
Landini, M. Dennis, T. Reese, trustees, to
constitute a board of directors. .
The principal grievance was as to the
hours of labor. The men are required to
work generally from 2 o'clock in the
morning till about 6 o'clock in the even
ing, and from 11 o'clock on Thursday
night till 7 o'clock on Friday, andon Sun
days from 6 o'clock in the morning till
the afternoon. They claim such hours are
beyond human endui'ance.
Laborers and others engaged in the fish
business met on Tuesday evening at Bar
saglierl Hall for final organization. About
one hundred signed the roll. The follow
ing officers were elected:
Fishermen's Labor Union.
In addition to the above announcement and
invitation for May - 19 ' I hereby notify the
In behalf of the Iroquols League - of State
Clubs all persons and organizations affiliated
with the league are hereby earnestly urged to
attend at the time and place above indicated,
and also to invite their neighbors and friends
to accompany them. For our desire is to bring
together the Democratic brethren generally,
that they tnay all participate In a good old
fashioned love feast.
The anniversary services will be held in the
"Old State House." the historic building in
which,- while Benicia was the capital of thi»
State, the Legislature held its sessions. This
pilgrimage of the California Democracy of this
day and generation to the altar whereon their
forefathers lighted. In the years agone. the
Inextinguishable fires of Democracy cannot but
inspire us with hope, confidence and courage
and intensify our devotion to the highest Ideals
of partisan patriotism.
1D01, the fiftieth anniversary of the memorable
occasion,' will be appropriately celebrated at
the town of Benicia by the State League of
Iroquols Clubs, assisted by visiting: Democrats
from all parts of California and by the hos
pitable citizens of Benicia.
The trophy for the marching companies
of girls and boys will be a beautiful
guidon, made'of silk and lettered in gold.
The trophy for the tug-of-war will be an
allegorical statuette; "Peace Prevailing
Over ¦War"— a chaste work, of art.' The
medals are embossed on one side: and will
have the names of winners engraved on
the other. . . r : •
' The Chutes management has i arranged 1
to send animals to please the children and
help enjoy the delicacies from the. booths.
The -parachutes and candy- 'have .been'
prepared « by the Redding v School, under
the management of Mrs;- Lyon, and - the
balloonist will ascend "with suitable pyro
technics.' 1 They will afford fun for all; es
pecially the. children. • ...: : ¦-.. \ •
Both- railway lines have. ample facilities'
and are making every- preparation to.
handle children, parents and teachers
with perfect accommodation.; ''
Everything is ready for the benefit of
the Teachers' Annuity " and Retirement
Association at Glen Park to-morrow. • L;
A. Jordan, president of the association,
issued his final instructions yesterday and
the affair. will certainly be a grand suc
cess. 'The programme, which has already
been announced, will be carried out to the
letter. ¦¦¦-: ' : ;¦'.¦¦
sociation Issues Final In
structions.
EVERYTHING IS I BEADY
FOR TELA.CHEBS' BENEFIT
President Jordan of the Annuity As-
The State League of Iroquoia Clubs
will meet at Benicia on the 19th inst. to
commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of
the convening of the first regularly or
ganized Democratic State Convention in
California.- The anniversary services will
be held in the "Old State House," where
the Legislature held its sessions in early
days.
The following letter of invitation to at
tend the semi-centennial celebration has
been sent to the Democratic clubs
throughout the State:
STATE ¦ LEAGUE OP IROQUOIS CLUBS OF
- CALIFORNIA.
SAN FR AXCISCO, May 1, 1901.
* On May 19, 1S51, a convention composed or
delegates from the various counties of the
State assembled in Benicia for the purpose of
formulating a Democratic platform. and nomi
nating a candidate for Governor, and other btate
officers. As this was 'the first regularly Organ
ize* State Convention convened- in California
under Democratic auspices, "Sunday, May L).
various clubs embraced under the Iroquois
State League that the annual conference, usu
ally held on Washington's birthday, will as
semble In Benicia on Monday, May 20, 1901, at
10 a, m.
The representation shall be:
One delegate for each club, one delegate for
every. twenty members and the past sachems of
the various clubs. '
All associate members to whom certificates
have been issued In accordance with section 1.
article III, constitution, are entitled, also, to
be present and participate.
It is hoped that all clubs entitled to repre
sentation In the conference will seasonably
elect their delegates and that the delegates tirus
chosen will personally attend and participate
in this conference, for measures Intimately
connected with the success of our party will
be considered.
All Democratic clubs are invited to send dele
gates in accordance with the above apportion
ment. Arrange your business affairs so as to
be present and fail not.
GEORGE H. CABANISS.
Grand Sachem. State L<eague of Iroquois Club*.
L.. J. WELCH, Grand Secretary, 435 Valencia
street. San Francisco.
Braves Are to Gather on Historic Ground at Benicia to Commemorate Fiftieth Anniver
. sary of Convening of First Democratic State Convention.
. . The Sutter Street Railway Company was
sued yesterday by,- S. G. Chapman for
$299 damages, alleged' to. have been sus
tained while ' a passenger on one of the
company's cars. < Chapman avers that he
boarded a Larkin street car on May 3,
1899, and after paying his fare was given
a/transfer to the ¦ Sutter street line. He
tendered the transfer to . the conductor,
who reTused to accept 'It and demanded
another fare. Thereupon, the complainant
alleges, the conductor and gripman ma
liciously assaulted Chapman and violently
ejected . him from the car, wherefore he
asks for 5299 for the physical and mental
suffering and gross indignity, disgrace
and humiliation to which he was sub
jected. .
Court, That He Was Ejected
From. Car.
S. O. Chapman ¦ Alleges in Justices'
STJIT FTLE3> AGAINST
SXTTTEB-STBEET BOAS
The popular impression that candidates
are voted for by individual members and
that a certain proportion of black balls
so thrown will defeat an applicant Is not
exactly correct. The board of directors,
consisting of eleven officers, elect or re
ject candidates. No one knows to a cer
tainty what fate the directors had in re
serve for General Barnes' candidate, but
it Is common talk .amOng- leading mem
bers that the Governor of California was
never in danger of rejection. .
It is all off now, so far as the Governor
Is concerned, and, the officers of the club
consider the Incident officially, closed. The
Governor may be Invited to the lunch in
honor of the President, but the colonels
on the staff cannot see how their chief, in
view of the. situation, can attend the
function. - : ¦
One reason assigned for the Governor's
desire that his name should be withdrawn
was the knowledge that a resolution had
been adopted by the League providing
that only members of the club should be
invited to the luncheon In honor, of the
President. • The Governor, it is asserted,
fancied that application for membership,
in face of that rule, would be construed
as a bid for an opportunity to join the
party at luncheon. .-
One Reason. Assigned.
with General Barnes' request. A sugges
tion in favor of making the Governor an
honorary member of the institution cre
ated some agitation. On the outside it is
freely said that the Governor has enemies
in the League who are anxious for an
opportunity to turn him down. On the
Inside it is said that the Governor should
have made his application for membership
two years ago. The proposal to make
him an honorary member was also
fraught with tho peril that he might de
cline the honor. It is said that a prom
inent member of the institution sought to
elicit a pledge from him that he would
accept the compliment if the club ten
dered it. but the Governor declined to
commit himself.
There is a flutter of surprise and a deal
of comment in club circles over the defi
nite announcement that the name of Gov
ernor Henry T. Gage, recently proposed
for membership in the Union League, has
been withdrawn by General W; H. L.
Barnes, who proposed the name. The
proposition was seconded by William M.
Abbott, Deputy Attorney General.
Governor Gage was in Los Angeles
when the subject cf joining the League
was introduced to him. He received a
message by wire from General Barnes
concerning the proposition and in response
called up the general by long-distance tel
ephone. . The topic was discussed over
the "phone," the Governor Insisting that
the time for joining was inopportune and
the general contending to the contrary.
The name was proposed, however, and
was on the list of candidates when Gov
ernor Gage arrived in San Francisco last
Monday. Shortly after his arrival there
was a conference at the Palace Hotel in
which the Governor, Adjutant General
Seamans and General Barnes participated.
The result of the conference was a re
quest to the club from General Barnes
that the Governor's name be withdrawn.
Day before yesterday there was a meet
ing of the board of directors of the Union
League. and the withdrawal was author
ized. ' . ¦
Incident Not Closed.
The Incident was not closed, however,
by the action of • the board in complying
Withdrawal of His Name, Which Was Proposed by General
Barnes, Causes Quite a F utter of Surprise.
HK. GREGORY, formerly as
sistant passenger agent of the
Santa Fe Railway at Los An-
O geles, arrived here yesterday
¦ to enter upon his new duties
as local passenger agent of the company
In this city. The appointment was made
several weeks ago. John L. Truslow, who
has held the position in this city, goes to
Santa Babara for the company, the
change being made at his request owing
to his ill health.
Gregory is an old railroad man and is
deemed a valuable attache.' He has been
in the employ of the company and held a
responsible position., for many years, in
fact almost as long as the road has been
built. He was most popular in Los An~
geles, and before leaving to fill his new
position he was the recipient of many
presents from the men under him, who
wished to show their appreciation of his
kindness and thoughtfulness.
GOVERNOR HENRY T. GAGE WILL
NOT JOIN THE UNION LEAGUE
GRAND SACHEM OF THE STATE LEAGUE OF IROQUOIS
CLUBS ISSUES CALL FOR THE JUBILEE CELEBRATION
--L. NEof the dogs that will attract
/jf . yk a great deal of 'attention at the
II II coming bench show of the San
v^^r Francisco Kennel Club at the Me
. • chanics' Pavilion' will be a hand
some ' wire-haired fox terrier which was
rescued from a watery grave on the occa
sion of the wreck of the steamship Rio
de Janeiro. The little animal has been
positively identified during the past month
as the pet'.' that occupied a prominent
place in the stateroom of the late Cap
tain William Ward, and in storm or sun
shine rarely or ever left the side of the
gallant master mariner. People who have
made the voyage to or, from the Orient
on the Rio will remember the handsome
terrier and will ¦¦ recall how fond master
and dog were of each other.
The Pacific Mail Company's Rio de Ja
neiro struck on a ledge of sunken rock
while entering the Golden Gate early one
foggy morning. The news of the wreck
was brought to the city by some of the
rescued crew and passengers who escaped
In a boat. The riews quickly spread, but
still it was many hours after the catas
trophe before help in the shape of tow
boats, gasoline launches and rowboats
reached the scene of the disaster. Sev
eral people were picked up from floating
wreckage, but a mile and a half out to
sea, and just at its last gasp, the terriar
was picked up by the tug Reliance and
brought back to life Captain Dave
Shaw. . It was a long time before the dog
got over mourning: for its master, but
now it seems to have made itself content
ed and comfortable at Captain Shaw's
home on Mason street.
Hescue of the Terrier.
When the Reliance reached the scene
of the Rio disaster the water was strewn
with wreckage. A number of people were
taken off floating timbers and from Ital
ian fishing boats and one or two bodies
were recovered. Captain Shaw was steer
ing the towboat In a circle and when a
mile and a half, out In the channel he
saw a dog struggling in the water. Di
recting the man at the wheel to steer for
the animal, the captain got ready to help
it aboard. Just as the Reliance got along
side the dog began to sink and Shaw
jumped into the water and grabbed the
terrier before it went down. Once aboard
the tug it took an hour's nibbing and
several doses of whisky to bring th* little
dog back to life, and then It was several
days before it could move about.
For some time there was apparently na
sign of an owner for the handsome ter
rier, and as he had to have a name Cap
tain Shaw, called him Rio. About a month
ago Captain Thomas P. Deering, assistant
United States inspector of hulls, and Cap
tain Shaw met on Market street. Rio was
with its new master, but at once showed
signs of recognizing Captain Deertng as
an old friend. Now, CaDtain Deering: and
the late Captain Ward had been the clos
est kind of friends, and in an Instant Cap
tain Deering recognized the terrier.
!'Where did you get that dog?" he asked
Captain Shaw.
His Master Gone.
"He came up from the wreck of th»
Rio and I got a good ducking while sav
ing his life." was the answer.
"Did you never find its owner?" queried
Deering.
"No one ever came to claim him," was
the answer.
"And no one ever will," said Captain
Deering. "That dog belonged to the late
Captain Ward of the Rio de Janeiro and
was aboard when the vessel went down.
He probably was locked in the captain's
stateroom and did' not escape until the
decks were forced out of her. why he
must have been swimming for hours when
you picked Mm up."
A few days after this meeting Customs
Inspector Shepman saw and recognized
the dog, and since then half a dozen
others remember Rio as Captain Ward's
pet and the pride of the steamship's crew.
The dog makes himself perfectly at home
on the tug whenever Captain Shaw takes
him aboard, but directly the Reliance
passes Fort Point with a tow Rio begins
to get uneasy and scampers around the
deck in fear and trembling until Melggs
wharf is once again in sight.
Laborers'- Protective Union No. 8944 will
hold its regular- meeting next' Sunday." at
2 d. m. at - 1159 ¦ Mission street. ; Business
of especial importance -will come up.
Laborers to Meet.
•The Wholesale Fruit and Produce Mer
chants' : Protective Association, ¦¦ through
its president, J. A. Eveleth. has consented
to the request of its , employes . that the
working day include the hours • from i
a. m. to 4 p. m. This association gave no
tice I that j unless the request- was acceded
to before May 1 decisive action would be
taken. The wishes of the employes were
for a reasonable day's work and coming
as^it did, during the height of the fruit
season, it was found necessary, to accede
to the demand. . ' . • ¦ -
- If • this Is not done • we shall 'call upon or
ganized. labor of this city, to Fee to it that
Justice is meted out to the Cooks' and Wait
ers' Alliance. We understand that the latest
move on the part I of the employers' associa
tion consists of .trying to buy out some of the
union houses that now exist. If this is true
we- will .try .to keep them busy maklrur pur
chases. Reports coming in from all sources
go to show that the union houses are doing
business- to their full capacity,' and In many
Instances overflows are taking place, while
the restaurants who do not at present . possess
the union house card have no trouble in ac
commodating the few who find their way to
their ; doors. '¦'.¦•'.
• Very few of the women who made them
selves conspicuous on the street on Wed
nesday were out yesterday. Here ; and
there a waitress joined the picket line,
but the great majority refrained from par
ticipation. . All. however, attended the
meeting in the evening:. • ' - ¦•¦'¦';
An incident of the strike had its endln?
in- Judge. Mogan's court ' yesterday. Wil
liam Dugan. a machinist; and. Martin
Spencer were before tne court on a charge
of disturbing the peace. Dugan went into
the Fair Wind restaurant on Bast street
Wednesday I to partake of • his usual meal ,
and some of the strikers wr-o* were stand
ing at the door asked him not to patronize
.the place. ! Spencer, who sympathizes with
the strikers, remarked in a stage whisper,
"You're a scab," but Dugan heard it and
clinched with Spencer.: They were fight-*
ing when Policeman McGrath placed them
under arrest. 5 The Judge advised: them to
behave | themselves and • dismissed, the
cases. ;. . . • ¦ ( ¦..• .',\. '"< .
'¦•¦ Shorter Hours for Fruit . lieu. \ .
The only change which has taken place so
far as our end of the flg-ht Is concerned is that
we are continually adding: to the list of fair
houses, having placed fifteen more union cards
to-day, and the .demand constantly increases.
The demand, for union men and women has
increased to such an extent that' nearly two
thirds of our members are at present employed
under union conditions. It has come- to our
ears in an unofficial manner that. outside par
ties not directly interested in this controversy
are interfering and . that certain threats ' are
belnsr made. We .wish to state that while we
do not take any great amount of stock in ru
mors, .yet this fight is- of so serious a nature
that we feel a word of warninc at this time
would not be amiss. This fight was not of
our chooslne, . having been forced upon us by
the absolute refusal - on the part of the em
ployers' association to treat with our commit
tee. That being the case, we request those not
directly interested to keep their hands off and
allow us to settle this matter between our
selves. ..'-._"" .'. » - : , , ..¦'.;'¦
• From the Cooks'- and Waiters' Alliance
the following was given as the condition
governing the situation:
What the Waiters Say.
The restaurant men contend that the strike
inaugurated by the Cooks' and Walters' . Alli
ance is a thing of the past. Several who ac
ceded to the demands of the union found that
it was IniDoeslble to continue business under
their supervision and with the class of l help
that they furnished. One in particular closed
to-day. It seems that he had no cook. and up
to- 10 a. m. the shop steward was unable to
furnish him with any, and consequently find
ing that the union could, not live up, to 'its
agreement he ; apaln Joined the Restaurant
Keepers' Association." At the headquarters
last eveninsr the restaurant men seemed very
jubilant, in fact, considered the fight to be
over, no better verification being: needed than
the fact that bona fide members of the union
had applied at the Restaurant Keepers'. Em
ployment Bureau, for situations and had been
liven ,them.
Both sides present the condition of the
strike in carefully worded statements. At
the meeting of the restaurant-keepers the
following statement was given out;
The principal places closed during the
day were the California Dairy Kitchen,
Swain's Lunch House, Martin A. C. Chris
tensen's and the Golden West Restaurant.
EHfEerent causes are assigned by proprie
tors and employes. In some places it
was said repairs were being made.
Regarding the calling out of the hotel
help, every one is silent, although there Is
an idea abroad that- this will follow at? a
critical time. None of those interested
will speak for publication, - but arrange
ments are being made on both sides to
meet this possible contingency.
, Both sides are confident of victory in the
trouble between the restaurant proprietors
and- -their employes. Yesterday was
marked with - less excitement . than the
opening of the strike.: A less strict patrol
was maintained on the streets. During the
busy j hours 'of the day there was less
than the usual number of people in many
of , the restaurants. > A number of eating
houses were closed through • inability . to
secure the requisite help.' .
Possibly the- great, struggle will com
mence to-night, when the matter of boy
cotting, "unfair" restaurants is brought
before, the: San Francisco Labor Council.
A number of organizations have through
committees expressed an intention to sus
tain the'strikeofthe waiters. "What ac
tion may be taken Is yet a' serious ques
tion. ¦¦' .¦- ¦ : . . ' ¦'- '. ¦'¦¦
At the headquarters of the two contend
ing bodies matters went ahead' in much
the same manner as on the previous day.
A close scrutiny was maintained by both
sides and each expressed confidence as to
the final outcome. There was, but one ar
rest made during the day. Fred Straub, a
waiter, was arrested on Third street by
Officers Morlarty and Flynivas he did not
promptly move on when ordered. He. was
soon bailed out.
Members of ¦ the Butchers' Board of
Trade who are engaged in supplying res
taurants with' meats had • a conference
with the restaurant proprietors during the
afternoon and decided to supply ¦ them
with all the meat required. Their em
ployes, the Journeymen Butchers; have
decided .to refuse to cut any meat for non
union houses. , ¦ ,
A committee of the. Garment Workers
Union called- at B'nal B'rith Hall last
night - and informed • the striking - waiters
that they had decided to support them in
their fight and would contribute $lo0.to
the cause. So far the waiters claim to
have felt no need for financial assistance.
Other unions have made similar proposi
tions. . • . - ¦ „ .1 v
Early In the evening many of the res
taurants that have usually kept open all
night : were closed. The proprietors claim
it was through no dearth of help, but
rather with a desire, to avoid any trouble.
Statement of Proprietors. ¦¦; '¦;'
Change in .General
Situation.
Day : Passes With But Little
Restaurant Men Are Ap
; parently Holding
" v Finn.
WAITERS STILL
OUT ON STRIKE
NEW SANTA FE AGENT
IS IN SAN FRANCISCO
H. K. Gregory, Popular Railroad Man of
Los Angeles, Who Succeeds J. L. Truslow
in This City, Arrives to Assume Duties
SURVIVOR OF THE RIO WRECK WILL
BE EXHI BITED AT THE BENCH SHOW
Little Fox Terrier, Pet of the Late Captain Ward, Rescued From
the Wafer Hours After the Steamship Sank by Master of the
Reliance, Is to Be Entered in Exhibition by His New Owner
- • *".•¦'" ¦ • : -"'*¦'* ¦' - • -»
CURT QUESTION
PUT TO KEVANE
Attorney General Wants
to Know About New
Clerks.
Governor Pays Off His Debt
to Curry With Ford's
Patronage.
It Is now In order that Dan Kevane,
secretary of the State Board of Ex
aminers, explain why he wrote to
Attorney General Ford on April 4,
assuring him . that he would- -be
notified When «th© ' board met to
consider the appointment of the three ad
ditional clerks, although the choice had
been made March 29. and the Controller
informed of the appointments. The At
torney General wrote to Kevane yester
day morning, inclosing The Call's story of
the manner in which he had been dished
out of his share of patronage, and curtly
asking Kevane for an explanation of the
situation.
General Ford can no longer doubt that
Hark, Taylor and Miss Nelson are in of
fice, as they have drawn salaries for
April, but he is waiting to know
why he was not notified of . the
meeting on March 29. if meeting
there was. and also why he was informed
six days later that no meeting had been
held to consider the appointments, and
that he would be duly notified of such
meeting. General Ford is not talking
much, but his silence is ominous of war
if the reply of V Secretary Kevane > is
not to his liking. He will have scores to
settle then with Kevane and with those,
cf his colleagues on the board who have
shown him a most palpable affront.
General Ford said last evening:
"I would • prefer not to say anything
more at this time. I have just written,
to the secretary of the board at Sacra
mento for information concerning the
matter, and upon the receipt of his reply
1 shall have a better understanding . of
the situation.' I confess I am surprised
that the clerks have really been appointed
pnd have already drawn a month's salary.
However, I must ask you to excuse me
from saying anything more at this time."
As the affair is talked of among poli
ticians in hotel corridors and at the clubs
more details are being added to the pub
lished Ltory. It is said now and gener
ally accepted that Clark and Taylor were
lx>th Curry's appointees. Governor Gage
magnanimously giving up Ford's share of
the patronage to pay off an old debt of
his own to the Secretary of State, while
he turned his own share over to that
prime favorite and useful handy man of
his. Dan Kevane.
In the past the three members of the
board have divided the patronage as
equally as possible and there was no en
croachment. The Governor appointed the
secretary, that office not being part of
the beard's patronage. As a member of
the board, he named the assistant secre
tary as his share of the remaining ap
lwintments. General Ford named the
<lork ar.d the porter. Secretary of State
Curry was to have the appointment of the
expert, but there was Walter Parker to
be cared for, and Governor Gage request
<rd Curry to let him name the expert.
<"urry consented, saying there would be
more patronage in the future and he
would expect an additional appointment
when the time should come.
The time came March 29. but the pat
ronage so graciously surrendered to Curry
was Ford's chare, and not the Gover
nor's.
PENSION ATTOBErEYS
HAVE FALLING OUT
Warrant Issued for the Arrest of C. S.
Howe on Charge cf Criminal
Libel.
F. B. "Wilson, local manager for King &
King, pension attorneys, Washington, D.
C swore to a complaint before Judge Ca
bar.iss vesterday afternoon charging C. S.
Howe, local manager for Dr. O. E. Howe
& Co., pension attorneys, also of Wash
ington. D. C. with libel.
Wilson alleges that Howe printed and
circulated a circular among the soldiers
at the Presidio purporting to emanate
from the Red Cross Society warning them
against having any dealings with King &
King or their solicitors, as they wore
practicing fraud and deceit upon them by
soliciting: their custom.
Wilson showed the Judge a letter from
Mrs. Harrington, president of the Red
Cross Society, that she had no knowledge
of the circular and it was issued ¦without
the consent or approval of herself or any
one connected with the society.
Chief of Police Sullivan received a tele
gram from Chief Kidward at San Jose
late last night notifying him that Howe
had been arrested in that city. He will
be brought back here to-day.
"Will Search for Treasure.
Articles of incorporation of the Treasure
Trove Mining Company, organized for the
purpose of delving for treasure on ships
that have been or may be wrecked along
the coast, were filed yesterday. The di
rectors are James P. Dempsey, George H.
Stevens. A. R. Peterson, Alex R. Gruggel
and F. D. Spauldingr.
Men's suits made to order, $1 week.
£mith "Tailoring Co.. ITS Ellis street. •
THE SAN FKANGISGO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 3, 1901.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WILL MAKE YOU BEAUTIFUL
A slight investment— but the result will
far surpass your wildest dreams. Use
MME. IDALINE'S FACE CBEAM.
That's what all your •:--''"'?v' w» Vln t. '
lady friends are' using y^^^^ l S a perf f c j y harm *
sable to your comfort '«s and really beneficial to '
and appearance. ' the skin and preserves Ir.V'
Ask your druggist or send 50c and we will mail it to you.
Mme. Idaline's Face Cream Co.
204 Powell Street, San Francisco, Manufacturers.
Health for 10 Cents.
A lively liver, pure blood, clean
skin, bright eyes, perfect health—
Cascarets Candy Cathartic will oK-
tam and secure them for you. Genu-
ine tablets stamped C. C. C. Never
sold in bulk. . All druggists, ioc.
REmOVED.
PATRICK <* CO.,
RUBBER STAMPS. ETC.,
TO 221 SANSOME ST.,
Between Pine and California sU.
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWX AND KKLrABLE OLD
L Specialist cure* B !ood Poison, (Jonorrhca»i,01«ei,
Stricture, Uemiiml Weaknes*, Impotence and tbeir
silted Disorders. Book on Diseases of Man, fre*.
Over20yea rs>xper*ence. Terms reanonable. Hours.
9 to 3 dally ; 6:30 to 3. 30 e v'bs. Sundays, 10 to 13. Consul-
Ution free and sacredly confldentkL Call oraddresa
P. ROSCOE Mc\'ULTY. 31. D.
26}* Keorny St.. Saa franeisoo. CtJ-
1A7. T. HESS,
HOTARY PUBLIC AOT) ATTORNBY-A.T-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015 Claus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St., below Powell,
¦ Saa Francisca . j
oocooooooo o'o 000000000000000 00 ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGOOOOOO OO OOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
MAY TUP FTFTH , „
o'o 6 o'o 0000000600 ooooooooooooooqooooooooooooTo
30OOCO0OOOCOOOO0O0OOOOOOOC OOO 3000000000000000000 0000000
DCCOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC OOC OOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOC
ooooocoooooooooooooooooooc °°£ 30000000000000.000000000000
3CS OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC QQg OOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooo o _q 000 o
\ A CALL REPORTER THE "LOTTA" OF OLD
l AMONG THE YAQUI III j^jy
: INDIANS. I SS THE "LOTTA" OF TO-DAY.
¦ ooc ; ¦
5 2 S OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
O q C 30000000 0 000 0000 0 000 0 0000 0
3 OOO OOOO 00 OO OOO OOOOOO OOOOO OOO °° OOOOOO OO OOO OO 00 00 OO OO OOC
00 O O OO OO OOOOOOO 000 0 OOO 00 OO OOO 3 0000 00000 0 0 00000000 0 0 000 0
300000000000000 OOOO OOOOOOO OOC OOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooo
¦^™^^™ 1 ™"^™™~™~™^^^^™"" 1 ""^^^™ OOO mm >HaMw
i HOW OUR TRADE HAS 1 1 c FRATERNITY GIRLS AND
0 0 0
FOLLOWED THE FLAG. Ill HOW THEY LIVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmmm^ mmmmmmmmmmmmmrmmmmm^ mmmnmlm^ mmmm , 000 : •__ ' •¦.-¦"
-3OOOOO 0.0000000000000000000 OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
y OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC OOC oo 0 OOOOOOO O O 000 O O 00 00 OOOO C
3 OOOCOOOOOO OOOO OOO OOOOOO 00 O°° 00000000000000000000000000
30000000000000000000000000 °?^ 3 0000000000000000000000000
OOOOOOOOC °o° OOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooo
FRANCESCA REDDING III BOOKS, FASHIONS, jFIC-
AND HER PARISIAN -ill TION AND STORIES OF
GOWNS. S§§ INTEREST.
- 1 *.'.",- ¦. ¦ OOC ¦:. . - ...
¦^ MHMMMBBaMHMB MMaMMMBMM~-'>1 c O C ¦^^¦ Baaa^™*>*'BBBiagam nv
3CCOOOOCOOOOOOOUOOOOOOOOOO 000 °°0OOOOO00OO0OOO0OOOO0OOO0
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 000 'OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
30000000000000000000000000 OOO OOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOO
¦JOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOC OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
TOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQC OOO 3000000000 0 0 OOOOOOOOOOOO 0 0
— —¦¦¦¦¦"¦"¦«"—»—«¦¦«¦¦¦¦ OOO ¦— — • MMMMMHMMB
THE SONGLESS BIRDS OF HI A SNOWSLT)E IN THE
\ CALIFORNIA. SoS ROCKIES.
• 000 - - - ' -¦ . .
000000000 00000000.0'° °° o7ocio??oo7ooo™oo l o??7o?™o?o
ooc OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
30000000000000000000000000 O oo 0000000000000000000000000c
30000000000000000000000000 000 occocooo 00000000000000000c
300000QO o_g_9_ 0 _o_g_o_g_ 0 ° 00000000 00 o|o 0000000000000000 ooooooooc
I WHERE DID GENERAL FUNSTON GET HIS
IDEA FOR THE CAPTURE OF AGUINALpO ?
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 00 00000000000000 0000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000c
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 00 o o 0000000000000000000000000